DEATHS. Kiled, 8epl. 14, duwing the assutt an Delhi, John Tlemey Davidson. law ;Lent. 28th Begit. B.S.L. wbile doing duty with the 2d Punjaubo ifantryaged J year a Vn9weeks. fe wasuner ho and hIsearlydeath ideeplydeplored bb his ailitedi mil, brother ofIUces and filend'. On 28tth Aug. lat, drowned In the wreck or the ship Dunbar, off the South Heads, at the entrance of Sydney ove, in attempting to enter at night, George Peurese Da Vemnet, aged 13. mideblprean, eldest son of Lieut.-Coloix;t J. IP. Dlu Vernett Staif.Otlicer of PerAloness, lathe Channe,l Islands. On the 18th No,., at onagban, reland, aged 6 Mary Anne Ro,e, widow of Thomas Rose, haq., late of Stk eorgs aosp thal, LondoJn * On the 2OthNos., at his residebce in Onmdenroad VIlas atera short Illness, Josephb, econd son of the late Joeph Eaigh, Rsq., in him 424 year, deeply regretted by an1 his frfeads&. Onthe 22d Nor.. at his trsdence. Rodney-street, Liverpool, Arthur HIll Elolme. Fsq., arhite-ct and engineer, aged 43. On tho 24th Nov., In e ,a a very advanced aze, Miry Nichoil. On the 25ti Nov., at Niae, Italy. John E. Olmatod, XD, of Staten Sandr, New York. con of John Olmsted. of Hartford, Connectint, U.S. Ainerica, aged 32. On the 24th Nov., at No.8, Wooddeld-terace, Harrowrd el ?rancis Downey, Seed 78. On the 24th Nov., at Cannea. IsabelL. daughter of the lae Mt,eas M.Iackay e.so tioostston, ad widow of ttte tte Hugh Hope, Ftq., of thCe Gtrn.LhOuCompany's Bengal Civil Service. On the 24th 1lqov at Kezinsinton Palace-gardens, Misn Eira Guiston Stepney, of LlaDerby, Carmarthenailre, niece of the late Bir John Stepney, Baronet, ot that plac, In the 98th year of her age. OnD the 24th Nov . at hls residence at Orleans, James Greenaighb Esq., of h roough B all, in the oanty o Lansor ter, aged 62. On the 2bth Nov.. at Vicar's-hill, auddenly, the helood wife o the Rev. Charles Shmub, vicar of oidlre, HNorte' On the itlh Nov.. at Woodlands Tooftig, Surrey, of bronchitis, William Macleod, infant meo of Davied. WOotnono, Esq. On the 26th Nov., age 6Arq.t Bhvearn I211, oKeWnht, Mr. ttieh Powes,efwhoer, morei thn 40 yeas hadh heetn agtenan upn8he d Oikndnhes ast aneigbou a ndBog frin, Elzaethd Ane.ue therer of aiu.-o hisrdeat s Adeetdepyrerttd On the 28th Isov.. at 5. Qreen's-ecruare, B3loomebury, In her 77th year. Mlary, only daughter of the Into John Berthan, of Liabon. On the 27th Nov.. in Bolton-gtreet. Picdlon y,. aged 76. Mms Mary T'yler GSreeebtll, of Puwlton. Someoees. the beloved mother of B .. faretnbill, Erq., of Knowle Hail, near Buidgewater. IOn the 27th Nov.. at 2, Deroseport-stkeet. Hyde-park, aged I months Xday, Helen, the Infant daughter of J. Jeffaless B,Q., late HLOS On the 27th Nov.,.ge 4 years Arthur Ryde, fifth child of Thomas Sawer, Feet., surgeon, York-cresocrnt, Olif toe. 'On the 27th Nov., at 62. Stanhope-streest Hampetead-road, aged 45, Swara, the wife o1 W. H. Hunt, Bec, Ont the 27th Nov.. suddenly, Mr. John Stevensotnof Cripplegste.. buildings, city, and Barleyford,-ploce, Kenninatou, frr his 67sh year, much cespeebed, On the 27th Nov., at Hayden, Wells, 3omoezeet, John Haughiton, Fret., J.P.. In the 78th year of his agre. On the 28th Nov. at the clerk's residence. Farringdon-msrket, Matilda Annz, the wife of Ity.T.L H Jolisy, aged 41. On the 28th Nov.. at Northampton, Octavius Prirhard, N.D., late of Oheltuford, In the 7Id year of his age. On the 28th Nov a' 5, Oakrley. square, Horace GoodAll Infant aon of Mr. Henry Bwesld aged 13 mnoths. On the 28th Nov., HlarrIott, the wife of Frederick P. Fisher, Esq., of the Grove, Tollington-park, Hoense-road. On the 28th Nov., at Croehy-row, Walwoeth, Mms Betty Briaalcy. lae of Mlatlock, Derbyshire, aged 61. deeply regrtted, On the 28th Nqor., at his residenre Grove Lodge, Brixton, of bronchitis, Thomas WillI ?suskett, Beet., in the 76th year of his aWe In life beloved, and in death lamented. On Saturday morning last, In his 18th year, Jer. Nettleton Btalms. Be,ofBalms Vi'la, Giocester. and formerly of Ryecroft, near Leeds after a .0few days' illness of tnoiiammatloo of the long;s. The reoollec tion of his exoelleuco of disposition and earneat isquiry after trath will be dearly rberlabed In the boom of a fond and discnsojlate wife. On Iho 29th Nov.. suddenly, at 11, Lansdowce-terraoe, Netting-hill, Janet. the beloved wife of Thomas Jacomb, Feet. On Sunday last, at her residence, Norfolk Cottage. Blaokheath, Elizabeth Caeroine, the beloved wife of Capt. MIahael Haven, &tN. On the 29th Nor., Elizbeth, the eldest daughter of John Jarvis. BEsq., of Hart-street, Bleomsbuhry. At 31 Biandford.square, James King, FAq., of Irsrwang, Hunter's River, *sew South Wales.
, I.TAA U2C1zI.NG,-TiafE D. E H-I4A.YA The tedious process ,of moving this gigantie structure to tho water was recommenced at 9 o'clock yesterday morning, and was continued with the utmost success till a hitch occurred, and an annoying and- irremediable accident to one of the hydraulic machines Stopped further progress. This time the fact that the launch was taking place was of course very generally known, but the public appeared also to be aware that the whole process, after all, affordednothing particularly well worth seeing to people who were outside the yard, and who could no more detect the motion of the vessel than they could discern the revolution of the earth. The number of spectators, therefore, who braved the sharp cold wind and raw air of the river for the poor gratification which the eight afforded was very small, and even with these half-an-hour's exposure and epeculation as to whether thevessel was maoving at'all or not seemed to sati5fY the most ardent. The work commenced at a few minutes beforo 9 o'clock. There were then no men in the yard but Mr. Brunel and Captain Harrison and their assistants, and, of course, alsoMr.Yates, the Secretary, who since the vessel made her first slip seerms never .to have left the yard at all, but to have redoubled, if possible, the vigilance and care with which he has watched every step in her- progress for naarly the last four years. In the first effort to start her all the screw-jacks, as well as the hydraulic machines, were used, and, contrary to the expectations of nany, who imagined that after remaining a whole night upon the ways it would be very difficult to stir her again, the great mass got into motion on the first pressure, and began to creep very, very slowly down the ways. EHer progress at first was at the rate of an Inch in about two minutes, but after a while it improved, and continued for some time at an inch per 40 seconds. As the vessel is now much advanced from the place at which the hydrauli rams are fixed, each time the pistons are driven out to their full pressure considerable delay is occasioned in againfitting in beams of sufficient length to reach the cradles and push her on again. In most cases the beams are not long enough till joined in one or more places, which again occasions loss of time, as in orer to prevent their giving way laterally under the tremiendous pressure iron plates have to be bolted down to the ways over the joinings, and in addition they have sometimes also to be loaded with iron balla. All these expedients are absolutely necessary and eBsential to the Esfe progress of the ship; though, nevertheless, they tell much upon her rate of advance. When the 1 o'clock bell rang for dinner the total distance accomplished was 413 inches forward and 423 inches aft, showing that during yesterday morning's work the stern, instead of being 26 inches behind the bows, was in advance of them. During the whole morning the rate of advance rwas as regular and noiseless as on previous occasions, the only change being that the metals, if anything, showed Bti less signs of friction, and there was an evident tendency of the vessel to move at a much sliahter rate of pressre. The men returned from dinner and recommenced their work a little before 2 o'clock, but the hour's pause seemed to have exercised an adverse influence on the further progress of the ship. For a long time it was very difficult to move her, though the screw jacks and hydraulic machines were pressed to their utmost, and the men at the double windlasses broke the great mooring chain which dragged her bows to the stream. Suddenly, in the midst of all their efforts, the monster slipped on the ways-5 inches forward and 9 inches aft. She slid this distance in the space of a single second, and with an awful rumbling kind of noise, which at once seemed distant and alarmingly near. This sudden motion and her tremendous vibration surprised and alarmed the men, who all dropped their tools and stood prepared to run at the first signal of danger. There was not, however, the least occasion for alarm, and the pressure was again gradualy applied to the cradles on every part with redoubled vigour, but all in vain. The jerk and sudden stoppage evidentl fixed her with unusual firmness, and no efforts could dislodge her, though the pressure from the rams was app]ied with such force that a beam 17 inches square crumpled up lke a reed and bounded into the air from a strain of abouit 800 tons. This was soon replaced by another and a stronger beam, which was bound to the ways and loaded at the point with ballast. This held out with the others for a long time, and the struggle between the pressure applied and the passive resistance of the great masses of timber at last became one of almost terrible interest. The beam strained, cracked, and vibrated, the escape valves of the ranms were loaded with weights and held violently down, the men could scarcely (move the handles, but still the vessel did not yield. In the midst of these great united attempts a loud dull explosion, followed by a rattling sound, occurred, and in a minute after it was known that one of the 10-inch hydraulic rams had burst its cylinder from top to bottom. The thickness of solid iron which had thus given way under the pressure of a few quarts of cold water was 7+ inches, and a comarison of the diAAmeter of the piston with the force it was exerting on the area of timber showed that the cylinder had only yielded under the stupendous preasure of some 12,000lb. or 13,0001b. to the square inch. Of course, no iU effects attended it bursting. This accident, which put an end to all further efforts for the day, was much to be regretted, as just before it took place it had been decided to continue work all night, so as io bring the tLeviathan within good reach of this day's hIngh water. About an hour before the accident occurred a message had been sent to MIessrs. Esaston and Amos for two more hydraulic machines, and one, if not both of these, will be fxed so as to enable work to be resumed at an early hour to-day. Trotman's anchors will also be sunk in the river, and the tackle which hauls the vessel in that direction made secure to those powerful holdfaats. Never yet since anchors were first made were any subjected to the tests which these must undergo, for if aU goes wel in the course of another day the Leviathan will be quite out of reach of the hydraulic machines, and must depend entirely on the strain from the river. It was stated in our account of yesterday that all the dockyard moorings which have been used in these great attempts have repeatedly given way, but this was an error. We are informed it was the old city moorings which have broken down and up so often. Out of all the chain cables supplied by the dockyard only one has broken yet, and every aid which the Deptford authorities could offer Mr. Brunel has been most cheerfully placed at that gentlemaan's disposal. The high tide of last night would for the first time place about 12 inches of water under the keel of the Leviathan. If an average amount of success attends this day's efforts, te high water at 2 o'clock will place about six feet under her centre, and this, though, of course, insufficient to float her, will at least take about 5,000 tons of 'the dead weight on the ways, and so faciltate her progress that it is confidently hoped by Wednesday or Thursday at latest she will be brought all safe to her moorings in the Thames.
SPOBTING INTELLIGENCE. TAWRIA T.TS xr-. .. At ueua at this period of the year, ol a f;w subscTibeza dropped into the room, and the few bet laid wereecaeely worth quottion. 25 to I agat Lord Bibblesdlse'a The HapPy L3ud (taken), 28S-I Mr. Baxon'a Ihe Ancient Briton (taken). 33-1 Mr. Gratwiek's Etblopian (taken). 40-- I Lord Bibblee e' Eeau (taken). READING BTEEPLEOHASz. These Steeplebaes wil take place on the 2Pth of December, snd not on the 22d, a previounal announced. HUNTING APPOINTEN. BaRon Rothschild's houads will meet on Thnrsday, at Wing, and not on Saturday, as mentioned In "The Time3" of yeeterday.
GLAscGow, Nov. 28.-Cotton.-Ourr market has been qtite stagnant during the week, and the sales have been so very trifling as to afford no criterion whereby to estimate the decline, which, however, to effect sales, wonld be oonsiderable. Goods and Yarns.-There -was an improved tone in the market to-day with more inquiry, particularly for yar, whichare a shadefirmerinprice. Jron.-Wehave passed another extremely quiet week in pig-iron-a steady business doing from day to day and prices almost stationary. The tone of the market has during the last two days become firmer; mere inquiryr for the warrants, and to-day -_ slight advance as been established, althongh there have been no transactions reported. For cash 53s. 6d. prompt is asked, and the aame:price might be realized for 14 days ro mt To. 1 g.m.b., 54s.; lNo. 3, Ss; Glengarnock, lTo.a,.56 Cadder, 60s.; Gartsherrie, 61a. cash againstbfi of lading. THE SLAvETRM.-Two bulky blue-books, yesterday issed, and clesed respectively A and B, contain a voluminous correspondence wish British Alimisters and agents abroad on tho subject of the slave trade between April, 1856, and March, 1857, together with reports from British naval officers on the same. They are presented to Parliament by Royal command.
1. . ETH AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. I (Isom OUR OWN OORRsPO!Thm I hBBOUlEtB, SEPT. 14. The July mall arrived on the 3d inst., or in o3 days, delivering newspapers ofthe 17th of July, or in 48 days from aselles. The Emeu arrived on thel5th of August. No mall it Suez was despntched in August. This expedient of missing one month should have been adopted in MAy last, when a large mil went home by the Great Britain. Iate al it is, however, it will secure future regularity. The agents hero and in Sydney neglected last month to give sufficient notice to enable merchants and others to write by the Royal Charter. Under the impresion that thero wonld be an overland mall In e week or ten days after her departuro, she waa permitted to depart with a very small number of letters, and I am told not even manynewspapers. Nothing will completely obviate the chance of future derangement of the mlls but another seamer in reserve, here or in Sydney. The principal topic 'whleh has occupied the public mtnd of late is the a&e of the unemployed, and it is one which should be deeply interesting to many of your raders For the last six or eight weeks labour has been flowing into the port of Melbourne at a rat to create at least a pial and temporary glut. The rate of immigration has been about 5,000 per month (up to this day it exceeds 5,000 for the fortnight), and I certainly never saw so many unemployed persons of the workdng lasses about the streets. In 185i and 1855 this influxwouldhave been almost Immediately compensated by the almost universal dispositlon to try the diggings. People of all clases at thAt time made their first throw for fortune there. S3everal of the men now In good practice at the bee here,-some now firmly established as respectable ittorneys, clergymen even, and others of "gentle Irth' followed the approved custom; and as for labouring men and mechanics they could hardly be pesuAdqd to accept any employment in the town. Now that dispositton hua almot ceamed. AUl new arrivals hang about the town and swell the numbers of the unemplored. If we bad only the old diggings of Ballarat, Castlemalne (Mount Alexander), and 2andiurst (Bendgo), his chango of disposition mlght be accountod for by the revolution which has ta;ken pleae In the mode of production. But we havestill extensive diggings on the old system -Beechworth and Dnolly partially so, and Ararat entirely so-where shallow dnking, surfacing, and hand washing, yield by escort returns 9,000 ounces awoelk, and according tolocal esimates l5,OOOounces per week. That the laboumlng classes do not (as they did in 1854.5)try their fortune at these new diggings, where they can work Without any connexion with a capitalist employer, is proof that on the whole they prefer their prospects here; and I do not much wonder at it. The early "rushes" to the colony were composed chiefly of single men in the vigour of life. These would naturally try for the high prizes in the lottery of the goldfields. Now the immigration of families bears a larger proportion to the whole. The mode of living at the diggings is not attractive to a man with a family, though, no doubt, much more tolerable than it was formerly. For instance, Ararat, though only four months old, has one good school, and more are about to be eetablished. I anticipate that these new diggings will, In fact, draw off some of the unemployed. Others wll after a time disperse themselves over the country, and in country towns, where there is no such excess of competitors for employment as the place of debarcation is alwaysliable to. In addition to inrease in the number of arrivals the town demand for labourers and artisans has ratherdecreased of late. The building speculation has somewhat subsided. The large number of private dwellings in course of erection a few months since are completed, and there are now fewer In course of erection. The two great banks are jUEt completed. There Is little doing to the Houses of Parliament. All this has a sensible effect on the demand for carpenters, masons, and other artificers. But other public buildings are about to bo commenced, and I do not antidpate that the present want of employment will long continue. There is, however, one defect in the mode of conducting emigration from the mother country which is calculated to have a permanent Ill effect. Classes of workmen are sent out, and come voluntarily, for whose espe. ctI skill there Is no demand whatever. One of the speakers at a meeting of the unemployed said he " was a shoemaker, that he had been offered employment which he could not get a living by, and that what he wanted was employment In his own trade." Now, we all wear imported boots and shoes, so that there is no employment in his own trade, and it is cheaper to buy new than to get tie old mendod. Those artisans, therefore, who can only make such arlicle6 as we import must of necessity turn to some other pursuits, and this, of course, is a difficult and painful process. The emigration of such men should be discouraged, unless they are young and vigorous enough to turn readily to some other pursuits. Another class always in excess in all these colonies is that of clerks. Young men of from 18 to 20 years are sent out by their friends under the expectation that they will find employment at once. They hear, perhaps, that a druggist's assistant, or a shopman skilled in" -dressing a window," who had 301. or 401. a-year at home, finds immediate employment at five or srs guineas a-week. The young gentle. man of respectable family who has been accustomed to look upon himself as superior to the shopman is naturally astonlshed and disappointed that If he finds employment at all his services in a bank or a merchant's office are valued at only lGOl. a-year. The explanation is easy. Respectable men ith moderate incomes are glad to find employment for their sons at a low rate of remuneration, which they can well afford to accept, as their sons live at home. I believe the supply of young lads continually growing up to be quite equal to this demand, and they are glad to accept salaries lower than the Imported youth can live on. As to the wages of artfioers and labourers, in spite of the number of the unemployed, they have not yet suffered any sensible reduction, and the short hours still continue, and J hope will continue. I should be sorry to see the induce. ment to emigrate to this colony permanently impaired. There has been a good deal of controversy as to what a man can earn by stone.breakng, which is perhaps the lowest description of labour, and yet, low as it is, requlring some degree of skill and strength. A contractor announced that, although he had a large quantity of broken stone, for which he had been in the habit of paying 6s. per cubic yard for brealkng, ho was willing to give work to any number of the unemployed at 5s. per cublc yard, candidly stating that he required the Il, difference to compensate him for laying in a stock which he might not for some time require. About 200 availed themselves of the offer, he finding tools, tents, firewood, and water. I believe skilul stonebreakers can break two cubic yards in a day, but working ten hours, insteak of eight, while new hands can scarcely break halE-ayard. I believe the range botween skill and want of skil is as five to one, and some say, and I believe them, that they cannot earn more tha 2s. per day. A working man vrites to the papers to say that the contractor has understated the umal rate of wages at 6s. per yard, which is in Melbourne 7s., and even higher. From this discussion labourers at home will be able to judge of the lowest rate of the lowest kind of labour. 5sa. a-yard Is the lowest rate ever paid here, which is usually 6s. or 7s, It may be safely left to the labourers themselves to determine what they themselves oould earn at thoss rates. The great drawback under which the industrious classes have snffered hitherto has been the difficulty of obtaining land when they had saved money enough to purchase. If some faclity had been afforded for this attractive mode of investing savinzs, those who had been frugal would be continually making way for the new comers. The Ministerial land Bill did not provide for the purchase of land by the industrous classes who had saved the means of purchasing; the interests of the squatters were too exclusively regarded. Some clauses have, however, been introduced, which wlll enable the executive to throw small lots into the market to suit the industrious classes. If this be continually done we are not likely to have a glutted labour market, and so great a " feature of attractivenesse will probably keep up a stream of immigration which will prevent the converse evil. No doubt the spirit which will preside over the original Bill is unfriendly to a small proprietary, but I am inclined to think that the wholesome pressure of opinion will force the faithful working of the clauses in question. In the length to which I have suffered these remarks to run I hope I shall not be thought to have overestimated the importance of the subject to a large class of your readers. You will receive by this mall, if you have not already received by way of Sydney, the news of two disastrou5 wrecks, both of which undoubtedly arose from gross care. lessness and mismanagement. The one, that of the Dunbar, occurred at Sydney Heads, one man only out of about 130 being saved; and the other arose from a collision between two Melbourne and Adelaide steamers, the Champion and the Lady Bird, off Cape Otway, when tho Champion immediately foundered, carrying down 30 passengers and two of the crew. On Friday, the 21st of August, the Dunbar made the land to the southward of the south head of Port Jackson which from the direction of the wind was a lee-shore. They were looking out for the lights, which they made out, and the captain was anxious to see the north head, on which side the channel intoPortJackson lies. Although it was rainy, and not very clear, he still continued his course under easy sail-too eay, in fact, for the ship made considerable lee-way, which does not appear t1 have been sufficiently allowed for, More canvass, or keeping a betterluff, wouldprobablybhavesavedtheship. Siddenly i breFsers were discovered ahead, .and the' ship rias aulied close-to the wind, bat it was too late. She -wa preiently on the rocks and soon went to pieces -t a: place called the Gap, close under the lighthouso. The. seman saved was thrown upon the rocks above water, and was rescued by ropes from the diffs above. If the lighthad been placed on the North Head the dister could not well have occurred. The master was a man of great experience, and probably bad too much conftdenoe in his ow.n conoeption of his ship's position. A stranger would bave used more caution, The particulars of the collision between the Ladybird sand the Champion, which occurred on Monday, the 24thof ..August, 1 enclose. Therehave been changes of Ministry in New South Wales and South Australia. In the former colony the Parker Mistry has been defeated on the Electoral Bill by a majority of 26 to 23. The Bill proposed a very unequ,l dis3 tribution of electoraldisirlots, and the -Tote was taken, on Mr. Cowper's motion, that the Bill be read that day six months. On the resignAtion of Mr. Parker lMr. Cowper was sent for. His Attorney-General will be Mr. Mrtin, who was an attorney, and was admitted as a barrister on the ooaion of his accepting office before. He bas pract in In that capacity ever since, and it is said has conciliated his former opponent. Mr. Lutnowhe wil take the Sollcitor-Generalslp, with & sat in the Upper House, and it i said that Mr. Cowper will be able to replace two Inefficient and objectionable members of his former Government by two abler and more popular men. His mnaiority, however, Is composed of incongruous ekments, and a dissolution will be necessary. The resons against a dissolution which I desotibed on a former occasion no longer exist, and I appiehend Sir William Denison Lwill not heitate to act upon Mr. Cowperis advice. In South Australia the Ministry was met by a vote of want of confidence, and Mr. Torrens was sent for. He has formed a Ministry eonsistng of the following names:- Torrens, Chief Secretary. Andrews, Attorney-GeneraL lHughes, Trearr. Davenport, Publc Work ]M"ermott, Crown LAnds. I e give no infcrmation as to the cldis of this mnistry upon public confidence, or its probability of permanency. OurParliament has been nearlY imonths in sesdon, and has sat 120 days. The estimates have been passed for the present year only. It was rumoured that Government intended to have a short session st the end of the year to pass the estimates for 1858. If Mnisters in England were to spend money for six or eight months without a tote, I sgS. pect that John BuU wotld become dangerous But the younger Bull of these parts is a tamer animal, and you may play tricks with him with impunity. The Land Bill, which for so long a period has occupied the attention of the Assembly and the public, has been read a third time, and has been transmnitted to the Upper House. It is opposed there by J. P. Fawkner, who procured the postponement of its consideration for a fortnight. It is to be opposed by the large landowners there, and it is possible that it may be thrown out. " Thank God, we've a House of Lords I" is in some people's mouths. I cannot help thinking that the protracted discusdon of this Bill has had a very benefi. ciai effect on the public mind. All sorts of plans for the disposl of the waste lauds of the Crown in the colony have beenput forward and discussed. Public meetings have been held in all parts of the country. Petitions have poured into the House, and will be renewed to the Council. The working classes have one great advantage over all others-even over the well-organized squatters themselves They have a clear and definite " idea," a specific and well defined plan-" free selection of 160 acres over all the colony, to be paid for when surveyed, And open commonage of all the unoccupied lands." A fow active men, heided by Wilson Gray,-formerlyinthe Irish Poor Law Commission of Inquiry, and a man of great honesty and steadfastness of purpose,-are pushing this " ldea" into the remotest corners of the colony, and, what is very remarkable, It Is not met or counteracted by any other practical plan. For some time past a committee of the Assembly, moved for by Mr. Gavan Dafl, bas been sitting on the question or a federal union between the Australian colonies, and It has just presented a report In favour of such a measure, It is proposed " that the legislatures of New South Wales, South Australia (I suppose that people in Fngland will learn in time that this colony is not South Australia), and Tasmania be requested to select three delegates each, two of Whom might be members of Asembly, and one a member of Council, to Inset three delegates from this colony, and that these delegates assembled In conference be empowered to frame a plan of federation, to be afterwards submitted for approval either to theColonial Legislature or directly to the people." It wil be remembered that a plan of federation formed part of Earl Grey's original Bill in 1849,but vas thrown out by the House of Lords. His Lordship was, however, of oplinon that the colonie3 would demand a federal system and, as a step, he appointed the Governor of New South Wales Governor-General also, with certain specified powers. Yhese powers have not been continued, but the title of Governor-General remains. I think a good deal remains to bo done before a pl can be matured and brought into operation ; but the report itself is a very important step, snd if the other colonies adopt the suggestion a great advance Wlll be made. As to tho plan of representation in the Impezral Parliament, I do not think it wlli fnd favour here. Instead of uniting us more firmly with the mother country, I believe it would tend to rupture. At present we ard bound to the monarchybya common allegiance, and as we have Parliamentary independence and the control of our local affiirs, we have really nlo motive to separate. But if we were represented wo should really have no valid argument against being taxed; and if that were attempted, what, I ask, would bs the duration of our connexion ? mr. Westgarth and Sir Charles Nicholson were quite correct in the opinion they expressed on this subject. , It is stated with some confidenco that the telegraphic lines connecting the three capitalsMrelbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide--will be oompleted in a month. The most northorn settlement of the colony of New South Wales is at Port Curtis, which will presentiv form part of the More. ton Bay colony. That will probably bo the northern terminus of our local telegraphic system, to which the great line from London to Australia will require to be brought. in a former letter I disecssed the practicability of this grand icheme, and suggested the best line. The House of Assembly, upon the bringing up of the report of the RIdlway Comnittee, has determined upon the #doption of two lines, one from Melbourno through Castlemaine to Sandhurst, to be continued to the Murray, ind the other from Geelong to Ballkzat. The former may be called the Northern line-the latter the NorthWestern. MIr. Rose and Colonel Thompson are still here as agents fer Mr. Jack0on, ready to contract for a portioa ,f the lines or the whole, and take our debentures. We have several extensive contractors who urge that they are uite capable of executing large contracts, and they say very reaoanably, " Leve it to open competition." I thinl- it not improbable that arrangements will be made to let a part of the lines to Mr. Jackson's agents, and let the other portions in sections. i There has been some depression of trade of late owing to tho large imports, both as compared with the exports and with the imports of 1856. Up to the 5th of September tho importsinl^56vwere8,422,534.; this year they amomnt to 10,335,0081., or an increase of nearly 2,000,00O. Our purphasing power, on the other hand, has rather decreased, the exports this yet. being, to the same date, 9,671,331l, against 10,141,323 list year, being a decreas of nerly half a million. The fact is sometimes lost sight of, that ths exportable commodities produced by a population of SU,u00 do not exceed those produced a fow years sinco by a population of less than 200,000. Our production of consumable articles is, however, rapidly increasing. Soon after the discovery of the goldfields agriculture almost vhoUy ceased, and we imported all our food at about four times the former averagecosCt. Now we have about 178,000 acres in cultivation, producing perhaps 2,000,0001. worth ofproducoe, for which we formerly paid certainly 6,00o,0001., and perhaps 8,000,000. Thus, the production of this 2,000,000L worth of farm produce, at present Drices, is as advantageous to the colony as the addition of 6,000,0001. worth of gold would be without agriculture. StiU wo do not cultivate enough. It requires about 1 acre per head to feed our population, orat least 600, 000 acres in tillage. Colo. nies which cultivate two acres a-head are large exporters, and Ibelieve this colony would have pusk' tts agriculture to that extent by this time had it ni . -,an for the squatter monopoly, which, to use the colonial phrase, II looks up the land." True it is that fourtimes as much land has been alienated by the Crown as wonld suffice to feed us, but it is chiefly in the hands of largo landowners. One of these Mr. W. J. T. Clarke, has jint purchased 300,000 acres i |New Zealand for 150,0001. In South Australia there is much less difficulty in obtaining land in small lots. The consequence is that with a population of only one-fourth of that of Victoria they have nearly 200,000 acres in tillage, andexport largely. The production of gold is decidedly inreasmg, in the face of some very unfavourable circamstance3, In the early part of the year there was reason to believe that the export of the year would be onsiderably less than that of 1856. Tho extreme dryness of the winter was very unfavourable to many of the goldfields. Iatterly, however, the escort returns have been more favourable. In the last 13 weeks we have received by escort 032,284 ounces, against 5W83.88 ounces last year, being au increase of nearly 50,000 ounces- The shipping retarns for the last four jears to the nare_. date give the following results:- oanw 1854 from Lst of January to September 1, 1,574,731 1855 ,, 10, 1,675,884 1856 .. ,, 14, 2,142,361 1857 ,I 14, 1,909,149 Thu thuore fz a docrow as oomp&rodpWlth last year of more than 900,OW0. in value, but from the productivene of the, Ararat diggingg, and the better supply of water, tbat de. ficiency will be considerably zeduOed bY tho end of the ye. Mount Ararat is now the aractive goldfield, espeoialy as it cn be worked by diggers without much Captal s well as by those who combino with capitalistg. It was worked to a small extent about throe years ago, but Iht abundant riches have only ately been manifested, and the present rush s only four months old. The popultion noIr exoeeds 40,000. The first esort, about a month sdneo brought down under 7,000 ounces. The next brought i17800 forthefortnigh. A greatdealhag comebyprivatehand, and thoproductionis estimatedat from 24,000 to 32,000 onces per fortnight. This i of ooure, not Inrea but the labour is much aore productive there tba 1am where, and the "rush" has, in consequence, been great and rapid. Yoa will percelve by the Sydney paper that there hs been a thirdgreatlloodon ihe Hunterriver, whch has done, very considerable damage, but I have not spce for detail At the sme time our winter hss been nusually dry. Latterly, however, some rain h- fallen4 and we hd aflood of theYam on a small scale which blew up one of the culvoyts of tho Hobson's Bay hallway, and stopped the trains to the bay and to St.Kild for a couple of dsys. The Nelson goldfield is producing remunerating quanti. ties, and a parcel of 1,200 ounces of New Zealnd gold hs made its apperance In the Sydney markets. Melvie, the oconvict who has given the police of thia colony so much trouble, and who was under accumulated sentences extending to 32 yearse penal servitude, comiltted suicide a fewweeks ago by stngling hlimseLf with a hand. kerchief.
MILITARY ANYD NAVAL INTEL IC#ENC. _ _ Captain J. D. Downing an.1 the party of non-corn. missioned officera and men of the 98th Regiment who were stationed at Sheffield for the purpoee of taking harge o the zeCrnits raised in that town have rejoined their depSt at Chatham garrison, a the recruits -who we nowbeing rased a-t Sheffield will be attached to the newly formed battalion of the 2d Queoens Royals. The foUowing officers have joined the depot oompanies of their repiUve reginenta At Chatham previouly to em. barldng for India-viz., Captain H. W. P. Welman, 86th Regiment, for the purpose of assuming the command of his depot stationed at St. Mary's Baracks; Ensign Webtr, 8th ReOiment; Fnsign Rose, 24th Regiment; and Ensign Cumbcrland, 75th Regiment. Considerable acdvity prevail in the shipbuilding depart_ ment at ChathamDocyardin ooqueneof theAdmizty order for the completion with all poasible despatch of the vessels now in progress at that establishment. oVice-Admiral Sir X F. F. Berkeley, on ulitting thIi Admiralty, has betowed the promotion, as in the case of an admiral hauling down his fLiag, on Commander Malse; serving in the Ariel steam sloop at Gibraltar. Commander Charles Bromley ha received the command of the Ariel, vica Maxse. The Admiralty having placed a commander's oommimsicn at the disposal of Bear-Admiral Sir Michael Seymour for the reward of the lieutenant who had most distinguished himself in the late operations in the China rivers, Sir lichael has conferred it upon Lieutenant R. V. Hawklins in command of the ganboat HAughty. Sir Mlchacl ha's appointed Lieutenant ML C. Seymour, junior additional lieutenant of the Calcutta, to be his Flag Liettenant. Dr. Robert Beith, R.N., haa been appointed an ad. ditional surgeon of the Royal Naval Hospital at Haslar to assist the inspectors. He joinedlast week. A detachment of Royal Maine Light Infantry, consisting of lieutenant Batcher, two sergeants, two corporals, one bugler, and 43 privates, proceeded from the divisiona7 head-quarters at Goeport yetecrday morning to Plymonth to join Her MIaesta ship Cambrian, just comnidsoned at that port. One sergeant, one corporal, and 20 gnncers of the artillery companies proceeded, at the s3me time, from Portsmouth head-quarters for Chatham, to join the steam corvette Baooon at that port. One corporal and 10 ganners arc also ordered to join Her Majesty's shipCara2oa atPortsmouth. The appointment of Barrackmaster of the Gosport divi. sion of Royal Mrine Light Infantry is about to become vacant by the retirement of Major 3oore. Touching the epidemic which we reported on Thursday last as having necesitated the removal of a number of the Royal Marine Ight Infantry battalion quartered atGosport to Woolwich and other quarters we have made farther inquiries, and find the matter to be of some moment. The number of cases admitted into the ward of Haslar Hospital under the directions of Dr. Nesbit, the Medical Inspector, led him to make some Inquiry as to the cause, and to represent the neoessity of certain sanitary mesures, which the surgeon of the Royal Marine Division felt also to bo desirable. The Adjutan General of the Barine corps afterwards arived from town and institated an Inquiry into the state of the barracks at Forton. A representation was then maeo to the Admiralty, through Captain Dacres, C.B., and the result was an order to remove two companies to another locality, to improve the ventilation, and to shut up a well which had been poiluted by communication with a drain, and get the water supply from another sourco-St. Ann's well, in contiguity with tho barracks. The number of cases of fever, we learnt at the barracks yesterday, was dly decrasing. During the month of October tho number sent to alar exceeded 100 ; during the present month about 30; of these four have died, three within the last two days. As this epidemic han shown Itself elsewhere (at Fort Cumberland) with much the same results It would be difficult to attribute its appear. ance to any particular cause; but in the present instance its effects have, no doubt, been aggravated by local causes, which have existed In a greater or less dogree ever since the Forton Barracks have been occupied by the Royat Marines, Tho St. Vimcent, 102, Captain Eyree, O.B., was paid wages on Saturday in Portsmouth harbour, and Bear-Admiral Martin mustered her crew. The Diadem, 32, CaptIn Meoorsom, C.B., ig expected to make another trial of her speed to-day at Portsmouth. The Rhadamanthus steam transport arrived at Ports. mouth on Sunday aftenoon from Plymouth with supernumeraries. By the death of Admiral of the Red Thomas Le Mar. chant Gosselin, recorded in our yesterday's obituary, the following promotions occur immediately ail through the flag list, the gallant deceased being the senior admiral o£' the navy, and probably the oldest man in it% having died at the great age of 93:- Admiral of the White Sir George Mundy, E.C.B., to ba Admiral of the Bed. Admiral of the Blue John Ayscough, to be Admiral of the White. Vice-Admiral of the Red W-ilam Bowles, C.B., to bo Admiral of the Blue. Vice-Admiral of the White Sir Barrington Reynolds, K.C.B., Commander-in-Chief at Plymouth, to be Vice. Admiral of the Red. Vice-Admiral of the Blue Sir Charles Sullivan, BErt, to be Vlce-Admirl of the White. Rear-Admiral of the Red Sir James Hanway Plumridga, IC.C.B., Superiatendent at Devonport, to be Vice-Admir of the Blue. Rear-Admiral of the White Williams Sandom, to be RearAdmirzl of the Red. Rear-Admiral of the Blue tho Right Hon. Lord dAwarj Russell, C.B., to be Rear-Admlral of the White. Captain Horatio Thomas Austen, CB., to beRear Admirt of the Blue. By the promotion of Admiral Plumridge and Captain Austin the Superintendenoe of Devonport and Deptford Dockyards becomes vacant, and a captain's good service peasion reverts also to the patronage of the Admiralty. Her Majesty has been pleased to sanction an addition o^ 20. to the grant for "distinguished services" bestowed oi Lieutanant.Colonel J. 3I. Adye, C.B., R.A., in July, 1856i making it up to 100b per anmam, commencing on the 10th of April, 1857. The Leopold steamship, with Royal Artillery and other troops which embarked early last week-, had not left Spit. head last evening. The detachment of the 94th had been relanded and sent to their depot by railway. Captain the Hon. George Fowler Hastings, C.B., arrivedt at Portsmouth on Saturday, and took up his oomaJiion appointing bim to the command of Her Majests steam tw odecker, Blenheim, 60, and the supaerintendenoeof thco steam reserve at Portsmouth, yesterday. On Captain the Hon. F. J. Pelham, C.B., leaving the ship, which he ban made the " home" of all belonging to her during his comrnand, the crew sprang into the rigging and gave hWm ths, heartiestandrpeated rounds of cheers. The latter gaLiat officer will take his seat at the Admiralty this day, we be. lieve. Captain D'Eynoourt arrived at Portsmouth yesterdayr an took up his commission appointing him to the comrmand of the screw corvette Oaracoa, 31, when the pennant WA, hoisted. In tho list of naval appointments which appeared in 2 TU Timer of Saturday, the nume of Lieutenant ESdward F. Dougas ppeaed as havlt beem, Ppoiated t the Renown; it ahoald have ben ienutenan Stephes F. Dougas
AfONBY-M-ARKETand ClTyj.N.TELLrGZXoj,?. sMonday Evening. I The funds openea steadily this morming, aud 1 during the greater part of the day were maintained i.t the highest prices touched on Saturday. At the close, however, there was a partial reaction. Consols for money, which left off on Saturday at 914, were frst quoted 91# to i. From this they went to 91k to j., at which they stood until towards the official close, when they receded to 91j to J. For the new account on the 8th of January the last regular ransations were at 92f to J, or 90l to J ex. dividend. Subsequently some sales were pressed at a decline of a quarter per cent., the final bargains teing at 91k to J for money and 92 to J for January. As usual at the end of the month, there was an augmented demand for money in the StockExchange, and the rate for loans on Governmeat wecuritles was between 5 and 6 per cent. Bank Stock left off at 215 to 217; Reduced and New Threeper Cents., 90i to i; IndiaStols, 217 to 220; India Bonds, 30s. to 25s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 5i. discount to par. At the Bank of England to-day the applications for discount were again comparatively moderate, and out of doors the best paper could be negotiated at 9N per cent. Conjectures are now put forwarad aS to the period *vhen a reduction of the Bank rate may be looked for, but this cannot take place until the 2,000,0001. of over issue is returned to the issue department and the reserve in the banking dearut saent has been brougat to a substantial sum. At the present rate of progress, however, a fortnight may, perhaps, be suflicient for thee prpose. In the foreign stock-market the chief movement baa been an advance in Turkish, which touched 92i, but subsequently gave way, closing at 91W to 2, or 2& per cent. above the last price at 2 o'clock on Saturday. Dutch was rather flatter. Buenos Ayres were negotiated at 84,; Mexican, 18i and I; for the account, 18i and -i.; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 764 and 77; PortugueEe, 43k; for the account, 431; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96; Spanish New Deferred, 251; for the account, 25k; ditto Certificates, 5i and ; Turkish Six per Cents., foi the account, 91, 92k, 911, 92, J, and 91k; ditto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 99j; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 62k; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 96Q and i. In the corn-market this moning there was a recovery of 2s. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 25c. for money and 67f. 20c. for the present account, showing no alteration. About 36,0001. in gold, chiefly French and Russian, was taken to the Bank this afternoon. The amutension has been announced of Messr=. Henry Hoffmann and Co., general merchants. Their labilities are estimated at about 100,0001., and their embarrassments are attributed to the fall in the produce-markets and the failures which have occurred elsewhere. The position of the house has been doubtful for some weeks past, and the event, therefore, will scarcely have any effect in checking the general disposition to a return of confidence. Annexed is the circular issued:- " London, No. 7, Broad-street-buUdings, Nov. 30. 'Sir,-We deeply regret to have to lnform you that, in ronsequence of the failure of several houses whose paper we hold to a large amount, we find ourselves compelled to suspend payment. Our books are in the hands of Mesrs. J. E. Coleman and Co., who will as early as possible submit a statement of our affaix% "We are, &C., "HEENRY HOFFMANN AND CO."l An opinion has been expressed that at the approaching meeting of Parliament it will be the duty of Government to frame some further restrictions on joint-stock banks. "If no such restrictions," it is said, " are to be proposed, then all the recent attacks upon them have been mere idle inveetive." This simply amounts to a doctrine that trading mismanagement must never be condemned, except upon condition that Govermnent shall forthwith unldertake to remedy it by new legal restraints. The thing wanted, however, is the abolition, not the extension, of Ministerial meddling. It is to the effects of Legislative interference with the natural relations of commerce that our present difficulties are owing. Let us have an ample and swift system of punishment under the criminal law for aU direct breaches of tiust or falsification of accounts, and then let Parliament leave the people to enter Into such engagements as they conceive to be best for their own interests, and to gather from the dis. cipline of experience the prudence which can be acquired in no other way. The Bank Charter Act has been represented in some quarters as a restrictive law, whereas its object as regards our currency is to establish absolute freedom. Its sole purport is that no one who has made a contract to receive gold shall ever be forced to take as a legal tender any. thing that is not gold or its equivalent. This is but the solemn maintenance of an indefeasible right, and has the same groundwork as all our other laws for the protection either of person or property. But a true system and false systems will not work together, and hence the blind restrictions which exist in other respects spoil its working, and throw us into perpehial confusion. If Government interfere with trade at all, they must do the work thoroughly, after the French fashion. As it is we have neither perfect freedom nor perfect surveillance. The people are told at one moment that If they make Improvident ventures they must take the responsibility, anid at another that Government Vil devise plans to render their investments secure, and in cases of especial pressure wiU adjust, by an action upon the currency, any inconveniences that may arise if these plans should fail. If a man beggared by ceonnexion with a joint-stock bank is asked how he could bave been so foolish as to incur such a possibility, he may reply by the question, " What reason had I to suppose there was any danger? Had not the Legislature provided that in case of one-fourth of the capital being lost the shareholders should be called together ? Had they not also arranged the very conditions on which the undertaking was established-the amount of each share and the sunr that should be paid up ? If the motive of these regulations was not to insure as far as possible the safety of all concerned, what other purpose could have been contemplated, and, seeing that Government had thus exercised its iglilance, how can I be reproached for relaxing a little of my own V" It has teen the same with our savings-banks. The law for years gave people an idea that they had absolute Government security, and when misfortunes came it was found to be a half-and-half law, just enough to disarm prudence, and nothing more. Yet in all cases when the evils of such meddling are developed the cry invariably is for more meddling, just as under the old and avowed system of protection there was always a demand whenever any mischief happened that some fresh class should be protected. The giant anomaly of our course remains, however, yet to be pointed out. Vhile al the great convulsions of the country witnesed during the existing generationhave beentraceable to the operations of joint-stock banks, it is with regard to these establishments that the Government have mraintained their most exclusive prohibition against the exercise of free will, on the ground that by so doing they could give the public a guarantee of safety otherwise unattainable. If a dozen persons on one side and a dozen on another wish to enter int.o a mutnal agreement that the former should be allowed to take care of certain deposita wrhich the other might be disposed to leave with them on the diistinct and mutually understood condition that they should nob be personally answerable for any loss, except to the extent of a certain subsoribea sum, the law steps in to forbid any such proceeding.. Instead of the twelve lerders being allowed to do what they like with their money, they are told, " You are weak-minded persons. The State is the judge of the terms on which It would be prudent for you to trust other men, and it will take care to keep you from folly. It is true that Parliament has just pawsed a law to allow people to agree with one another in this way as regards all other commodities except gold, but the business in gold, although regulated by the same natural conditions as the business in wheat, silk, diamondo, or any other article, must be treated as something distinct. It would be such a dreadful thing if the country were to be llable to Inconvenience from any mismanagement in that branch that the Legslature must violate a principle, and require the community to surrender their liberty of action in order to avert it. Whatever else may happen, you will find that the compulsory enforcement of limited liability will at least keep our bankdng system free from al danger." Such is the argument, and the commentary on it lies in the history of the convulsions of 1837, 1847, and 1857. The wisdom of the Legislature, as opposed to the practical working of free will, has established a method todeteraUprudentpersons fromhavingany. thing to do with those particular concerns which, unless managed with prudence, are capable of bringing down national disasters such as can be created by no other means, and has at the same time contrived that the speculators who are thus caled to assume control shall be vested with the most tremendous power ever conceived for the purpose of begetting unqualified confidence-namely, that of pledging the liability of hundreds or thousands of persons to their last shilling and their last acre. As the public could not take care of themselves, this hasbeen the system devised by paternal rulers to keep them safe. We behold its results, and now the demand on the part even of some of our most intelligent writers is not for its abolition, but for an increased exercise of State prevision. The money lenders and all who gain by the excitement of unhealthy credit will heartily join in the appeal. The moment these houses and the public are compelled in their dealings with each joint-stock bank to look to the character of its transactions and the integrity of its managers, instead of relying upon the unbounded responsibility of a host of deluded shareholders, the traflio in deposits at call and the " facilities " of rediscount will have reached its close. The New York advices to-day are again extremely good as regards the position of the stock-market and the prospect of an immediate resumption by the banks, but there was little revival in general businese, and extensions continued to be demanded by moat of the indebted firms. The further increasa of bullion during the weelk had been 600,0001. Erie Railway stock had advanced from 16 to 17i ; Reading from S9} to 42; Panama from 85i to 89; Michigan Southem from 191 to 23; New York Central fiom 74 to 76 ; and Illinois Central from 94 to 97. Michigan Central remained at 59. Subjoined aro some particulars of the progress of arrangements on behalf of various companies:- " Further important orders for stocks continue to Come from Burope, but they aro for the mnost part limited below present quotations. The Michigan Central Railroad loan of $2,000,000, 8 per cent., 1862 (1st mortgage), has been taken at 70 to 85; bidswere made for nearly double the amount asked for. The New York State loan of $500o,0o, 6 per cent., 1875, has been awarded at 105.40 to 108.13, or at an average of 106.21 -the bids amounted to $1,914,000. The Now York and Erie Railroad loan progresses slowly, the subscriptions on account of the $6,000,000 wanted amounting at present to about $1,250,000. The Michigan Southern and Northern IndianRailroad loan Is likewise making slow progress, the subscriptions amounting to about $200,000 on account $2,000,000 wanted. The Mhamulde and M3ssissippi Railroad proposes to pay its floating dobt with an issue of $600,000 10 per cent. five years'l second mortgage bonds, about $200,000 of which have been subscribed." In a postscript to a mercantile letter from Madras, dated the 24th of October, it is stated-" This mail eonveys intelligence of the death of the King of Delhi, who was shot by a sentry in attempting to escape; the capture of Nana Sahib; and the announcement of another victory over the rebels near Agra." The first two, however, were probably false reports, as the Bombay news contains no reference to them. Several additional failures have been announced from Hamburg, and the letters from Berlin mention the stoppage of M. Jo6l, of Dantzic, for between 200,0001. and 300,0001. Subjoined is a table of the fluctu6tions in stocks and shares doring the month of November. The range of Consols has been extensive, hut not more so than in October, the difference between the highest and lowest prices on that occasion having been 4 per cent., while in the present instance it has been 3,. The resul of the month's operations has been to establish a rise of 1J per cent. The suspension of the Bank Charter Act took place on the 12th, and the market has since been benefited by further good news from India, and a partial resumption of American remittances. In railway shares, with the exception of Indian descriptions, there has not yet been a revival corresponding to that in Consols:- FLUOTITATIONS IN WE STOCK AID SHARE MAnRxS DUIxnno TH MoiNT ov NOVMMIBnR, 1857. Un the 'aris B:ourse the fluctuations of the month have again been comparatively moderate, and a recovery has been established of a quarter per cent. At Vienna and Amisterdam there has been uininterrupted dlUness. Annexed are the rallway calls for December, so far as they have yet been advertised. The total thbLs year has reached 10,655,9461. :- I*fL6e ottoman Bsank have received 34,0001. in gold from the East. The general busnees of the port of London during the past week has been very active. The number of vessels reported inward was 278. Those included 47 cargoes of corn, flour, rice, &o., 30 of dried frit and 17 of sugar. There were also three arrivals I ith 16,105 packages of e, and 1,983 bales of silk. The niumber of vessels cleared outward wras 115, Including 19 in ballast, and the number on the berth loading for t-he Autralian colonies is 59. The Robin Uiood and Northleet have anrived from China-with 1,025,9721b. of tea, and 3,00 bales of The followig are from AustraIii n Jand and mining co0mpnies:- . - "PF.& lIVEn "Advices have been received to the 3lsf of Auust. The general superintendent reports that preparations 'were in progress feorthe lanmbing, sheep wshig, aqd shearing, aid tbat, notwithstanding the heavy'floods, the flocks genaerally were in better condition than the Ireceding year. A few allotments oflinsd had beeng olda leasedinthetownships of Nuedle and Tarmvortb. " Gold Fielda-At the iatest daintheogenera isuperlnten. dent reports that a flood, being the third experienced during the seasen, had put a stop to minizg operations, and states that exaggerated ocents, had . prwvioWly been cireulated respecting the.gold found on the companys land. The following facts are mentioned in the despatches --In, August 112 licenses had been issued-82 at 10s. and 30 at 20s.-and ,R specimen had been shown which might probably contain 15oz. to 20oz. of gold ; 14 enp had strack In different parts of the quartz vein, but at a'de6pth' of 30 feetdisappohintmentr had been felt at the disappearance of gold,: tha g ers apparently working out of endbelow it. A puddling machipe sed by the diggers wa,s ttrning OutG 23oz. to 30z. per day. Although a small quantity of rlch quartz had-been found, the character of the vein was patchy aud uncertain. The dgiggers proposed to obtain a st-eam-crushmg machine from S-nT PO1. PxLuap AN'D COLOQNL. "The directors have received advices from.thqir resident director, dated Melbourne, September 12. The business of quartz-crmshing was progressing satisfactorily at the company's words at Clunes. The quantity of quartz crushed from June to August was 1,409 tons, and theyield of gold 2,21oz. l5dwt. At first theyield of quartz was indifferent, and, asa temporaryexpe4ient,thecharge fororushing inferior quartz was reduced; but the. cause of the apparent bad yield was discovered to arise fromn some defects in the stamp beds, which allowed the escape oflhe fine gold. Thisbeing remedied, the full rates provided by the contract had since been in operation. Theg antity of quartz crushed by the stamps and one Chillai mil being-oiily-at'the rate of about 140 tons per week, and the ppespeots of the Clunes Compapy looking so well, the resident director had decided, as noticed in previous advices, to erect a farther portion ofn machinery consisting of one ChtUai, mill and 12 stamplheads, which were expected to be at Work in a few weeks, and so enable the company to crush the 50 tons per day, as required by the contract. There existed no doubt about the Clunes Company being able to supply the requisite quatity of quartz. The assay-office was proceeding very well, and the quantity ot gold melted in Augus *as 84,000 ounces. I ENGUSf AND AvsA.&nwT CaOPP. "The directors have received advice dated Adelaide, September 10. The smelting operatlons were i\zessing satisfactorily. The ore shipments were proceedig vi ously. The shipmenta during the previous 10 months had amounted to over 7,000 tons. The railwy to Gbwler-town would be open for traffic on the 5th of October, and there existed a disposition to afford the company every accoonno dation, and at a reasonable rate. The carting season was commenclng, and at a rate of 10s. per tonlower than at the commencement of last season. Smelting labour abundant, and the manager writes,- " ' There Is a superabundance of labour In VlitorIa, and I am of opinion that our troubles with our men will hence. forth bp less embarrassing. This ye r should show a very great Improvement upon all others, and I am confident that it will.'"1
TRADD REPOBZT. 3oiiday Evenlng. TALLOW.-The market olosee very Bzm at 51X. for all the sear, 52s. January to March, and 53s. for March alone. Annexed are thc particul3rs of stocks mad Drices, AP.aVAIS rox THE wrn R8otla .,056 . SuhAmerls,s 730 Other plaoe* 83 Total . .. 869 With regard to the general state of the trade Messrs. Colchester and Woolner report :-" The tallow-market has been firmer during the week; most of the taUow now in having been arranged for, but little Is offered; most of the present holders having sold for delivery next month, tbey are compelled to hold against their forward cont-acts. The navigation at St. Petersbarg is closed, and all the ships would get away. About 3.000 caskcs more were on their way to this port. The prlce for Aungust is 160 roubles, with 10O roubles down. Exchange, 34 to i. To-day our market is excited, and hut little busilness is done for want of sellers. 51s. is paid on the spot, and 51s. 6d. January toMaroh - other sorts have advanced In llke proportion."
RAILWAY-AND MINING SHABXSR I-- ---Qiu MQnda. .TnIVg;, In the railway-mnarket there has been a further general advance, and although the rive was not fdlly maintained, neatly all the leadiun de rXptIii closed at an improvement; t Western; especially, left off ]t per cent. higher, and SouthWeBtcrn at 1 per cent. The settlement of the account shows that the late numerous purchases by the public, though small individually, have in the aggregate absorbed a large amount of stock. Canadian shares were better ; Indfan, on the other hand, losed With some weakness. Frencn advanced after the opening, but a partal relapse subaequently oceurred. Great Luxembourg and Lombardo-Vene. tian also improved, while iDutch Rhenish receded about 5s. American securities were actiyely dealt in, the transactions in nearly every case being at a higher rate; Illinois Central-ahares left off $2-better. There was & fair inquiry-for mines, but no-altetation of importance took place. Jointstock. banks were in good demand, especially Tnion of London, which closed 30s. above the last price on Saturday. In misceltanebus securities Peninsular, anrd Oiiontal improved 1., and a nominal advance-occurre4, in Electric Telegraph.
TBADE os RussTA A D oTEEo FouinaN CouiTsmrs.-A blue-book, yesterdaypublished, gives abstracts of r-eports on the trade o0 various foreign countries and places for the years 1856-57, received bytheBoard of Trade through the medium of the Foreign-office, from our Ministers aud consuls abroad. The report from Russia includes five districts. The trade of Moscow (the ancient capital) consists in woolOen, silk, and cotton goods, and the manufacture of worsted stufhas lately been rspidly increasnbg. Silk is a very important staple, about 35.000 poods of raw siLk (chiefly Circassian) being employed for manufacturing parposes every year. Cotton manufactures are also being developed with amazing rapidity, although under a system of severe protective duties. The printing establishments in Rusda hava attained a degree of perfection equal to that of the French and English. The machinery employed comes from England, France, Belgium, and Germany. The inland trade of Moscowi embraces all the produce of the soil. and manufactnres of the empire. The business of the great fair at Nishni- I Novgorod amonnts to 50,000,000 or 60,000,000 roubles. The only export article of importance is sheeps wool, ofwvhlch Moscow is the chief entrepOt The number of meXchants engagedin the three "guilds" of Moscow is 5,900, and the capital declared by them as engaged In trade about 0,CIOCO,OOO roubles. 'lhe' trade of Taganrog is reviving fast,aned two imnportant projects at present occupy puNloi rttention -one a ompany subsidised by the Crown for manaining numerous steamers in the Black Sea and Azoff, fore.ommerdial purposes; and the other,.the constuctton ofailways in various parts of the empire, imcluding a line to unita Mos cow andATheodosla A newtariffisshortlyexpected. The Warsawtrade Is brisk; at the fair of this year goods to the amount of 269,6831. were brought for Wale, and sies effected to the amount of 108,895S. Eight batkers brought to tEe fair 242,1661L, and disposed of 185,1661. Sugr was 'dull; books sold to the amount of about 1,2001l Manufactured goods were dearer than in 1856' Sprits found an easy e. As rgrds land, It appers thatthe exports thence to Ruda l3At year amounted to 43,61, 'and the imports thither from Russia to 263,60&1. Shipbi9iding has been resumed and a gret many new vessels were to be launched. The exports from wlborg in 1856 amountea to 173,2531., and the imports included l424,3601b. of sar, and 1,571,1801b. of coffee. The trade of Wiborg has -in creased greatly of late years. Thus much as regrds 'the trade of Russia.
fErBOPOLITAH CATTZB- ArABKBZ, Nov. 30. noh air Ot cattle And ahlep Into the port of Lodeea from tho continent during the pet week ha3 been good. The Owtom.hooss return gives an entry of LOt6 oxen and, ueer 34OeIesv, and 3.163 8heep, IakinC a total of 4.68 bead, agabu"je-heas At the, oorreeponding period of lst year. The supplies of menat at this market to-day was much ahoeter than umial on a MondsY. and trade in oonsequence was beiaker for everything, at an avandme or abDut td. per atone. Of betast the scop1y waa4,Wu, for which therewa Wm Spihited coin_ petition, and aU sod at an danoe, cOts ealing tper Stone. Oftk che aep the ppl Sdesarc encede 1700. and the demn for Dowoamade&.2d, ndothecbredfrom X,andtras be4l Joe both veal and porkt h thee was move inqy, and thaoefliza ComparaMr S3tatment of Prices, anl eSupl oC Qata at Mee,
LONDOX, TUESDAY, DEOEMBE2 1, 1857. It would be a great injustice to a renowned corporation if the East India Company were to be regarded, either in this country or on the Continent, as a Government which had forfeited its prerogatives by political incompetence, or had simply in these dreadful mutinies arrived at the catastrophe which ultimately attends political misrule. No such allegations against the dominion of the Company could ever be sustained, and we advert to the subject because correct impressions on such importait points are required both in the interesta of truth and for the furtherance of reform. Of all the imputationswhich in this case, as usual, calamity has provoked, none has been more generally levelled against tho Company, especiaUy in foreign countries, than that of systematic misgovernment. Its administration in India has been ! represented as tyrannical and ruthless, and conse- quently as conducting, by natural steps, to insurrection and revolt. For such an accusation there is not the smallest ground. As a matter of 1fact, indeed, the population of India has never revolted at all, and it was certainly never impelled to any such extremities under the Company's rule. Allowing for the difficulty and costliness of administering by Europe= agency an enormous and distant empire, the Company may be truly said to have governed India with wisdom, humanity, and beneficence. Whatever were its faults, they at least never took the direction of tyranny or oppression. Under its dominion the natives of India found immunity from intestine disturbance, protection for life and property, and indulgence-carried even to excess-for their prejudices and follies. No servant of the Government was permitted to extort, or even to receive if voluntarily tendered, a single rupee from any native chief; justice was administered always without corruption, and in other respects as sufficiently as circumstances would permit; nor were any invidious distinctions between natives and Europeans allowed to prevail. That the Government, indeed, was a better Government than India had ever before known is beyond all question; but the asertion may be pushed even further, and it may be predicted with considerable certainty that no future Government is likely to carry its consideration for native prejudices to suen an extreme of predilection. Equally absurd would it be to stigmatize the Company's administration as badly or incompetently conducted, and we shall be sared the production of any argument on this head if we remind the reader that the servants of the Company are none other than the very men on whose heroism, ability, energy, and success the eyes of the world have been riveted throughout this tremendous struggle. Sir 1EENBy L&wRp.Cs was a Company's officer, S% JO}N LAMILSH is a CompanUys offle -WLsoON, NIOOLSOiM, OUT"r , NrL, CM"MXRLAIr, EYx, EDWARDBS, GRYATMD, INGLIS, HODGSON, SA.&RLD, Hossall the men, or nine-tenths of them, whose names are now In everybody'x mouth, earned their diinctions in the service of the East India Company. Nor 3re these merely briliant spelmens out of an othervine insignificant clas. From one end of Hindoatan to the other the Company's arvants-including the officers of the corrupt, and mutinous Bengal Armgy-have displayed without exception such courage, selfreliance, and devotion as to command the involuntary admiration of Europe. To compress the whole case into a single sentence, it may be remarked that if the ineradicable vices of a system exploded at last in the most monstrous of military revolts, this revolt was itself crushed and shattered by the Government and servants of the Company before any succour despatched from England could arrive for its support. Altogether it is utterly Improbable that a body of officers, military or civil, could ever be hereafter collected ponsessing greater special knowledge, greater ability, greater fortitude, or greater capacity in every respect for Oriental government than is now to be found in the service of the East India Company. But, if this is the cae-if the spirit of the Admi. ni8tration has been so benefioent and its officers so able, why, it will be asked, is any change to be desired ? The answer can be very plainly given. Peform is necessary because this otherwise able administration was biased by traditions uninterruptedly descending from times of a diferent character, and because, owing to incomplete and partial interventions with its authority, the acting machinery of govemment was xo hampered as to lose half its power. The " traditionary policy" of thb- Eaat India Company, even after it had risen to' represent a magnificent Government, waa tinctured wnth the suspicions and jealousies of an old commercial association. To say that the maintenance of a Sepoy Army was a result of thi spirit would be saying too much, for, notwithstanding the overpowering evidence now before us, it may be doubted whether the acutest of statesmen twelve months ago would have ventured to propose tlhe abolition of this establishment, or been able to discern the facility with which a moderate European force might be substituted for the overgrown native army. In many other instances, however, the policy of the Company showed the stamp of bigotry and exclusiveness, and especially in the treatment of Europeans outside its own pale. It was here, indeed, and not towards the native population, that the Company misused its powers. The lindoos, who are supposed in Continental opinion to have been a persecuted race, were treated with marked indulgence while, on the other hand, impediments were systematically maintained in the path of European enterprise independently pursued. The Company did its duty well enough to India, but very indifferently to England. It protected and even pampered its subjects in the East, but erected the barriers of a rigid monopoly against Englishmen at home. The machinery of administration, too, which had resulted from successive compromises between the Company on the one side and the Imperial Government on the other threw interminable obstacles in the way of energetic action. We do not suppose that the present Board of East India Directors, taken as a body, are likely to be surpassed iu information, experience, or integrity by any Board that could be formed, but the East India Directors are not really invested with the charge of governing India. lNTor can it be said that this responsibility rests in any effective form with the Board of Control, or even with the GovzrtonGxxxnRi and Council at Calcutta itself. The charge and the responsibility together are distributed between the three departments at once until the duty and power of taking a vigorous initiative are nowhere to be found. The elements of successful administration are forthcoming in abundance, but the machine is so ill-constructed that its efficacy and power are half lost. We see at once its strength and its wealmess in the events of this marvellous year. The Indian Government could not foresee, prevent, or even believe one of the most terrible conspiracies on record; nor could it, even after timely warnings, persuade itself to take efficient precautions against the shocking catastrophes impending. When the tempest came, however, its servants could and did face the fury of the storm with bravery and skill almost superhuman, and at length, after struggles and sufferings without example, brought the vessel of the State out of its perils. We can now, surely, e:perience little difficulty in inmproving our advantages and eschewing the policy which has hitherto circumscribed them. We can never hope to pomess better Indian servants, but we can give these servants the benefit of a better system. It would be hard to say what might not be expected of such men relieved from 'the fetters of tradition and supported by the authority and power of a responsible head. We now know that a comparatively small body of British troops will invest the Indian Government with what it never yet possessedthe power of the sword, and enable it to govern without deference tothe extravagant pretensions of a mutiaous caste. For the future we shal be rulers of India in our own right, and not merely by the sufferance of a Sepoy Army. When to this fundamental reform has been added the abolition of the system by which political authority was frittered into fragments and political responsibility diluted to nothing, we may trust to see our Indian Go. vernment, invigorated and renewed, proceed with unchecked success in the improvement of the empire and the elevation of the millions committed to its charge.
" How is it that the mutineers are not cowed by " our successes at Delhi and at Luclnow ? Why. "are they not already slinldnginto juigles I flow " can they lift up tneir heads after such blows ?" These questions have perhaps occurred to many, who in consequence feel some disappointment at the still mixed and checkered news from India. Our Calcutta correspondent gives the answer" The moral effect of the fall of Delhi has been "great, but we are still too few to strike " great blows." We are apt to expect in this country that such victories as these would immediately stun the anutineers, not so much from the actual advantage gained as fromrthe overpowering display of natural superiority, and to wonder how they can go on at all after such catastrophes. But the truth is, the native mind is accustomed to this display of natural superiority; it takes it for granted. These vieonere are nothing new to Hindoos, they have now had one whole century of them ; for any hope of success they do not take their standard upon anythinglike equalityto us, butaimplyon anoverwhelming superiority of numbers. To be sure, numbers never have yet succeeded, still nmibers always give a show of strength; they look overwhelming. Beat them by the merest handfull one day, and the surviving thousands still cover the ground amply the next day; their gaudy trappings, their polished arms, their embroidered saddles shine in the sun, their moustaches look as unconquerable and their hors prance as vivaciously as usual. We cannot expect; Hindoos, then, to feel what we call the moral- effects of such victories as these very acutely. These feats of national courage would, indeed, stun aad rontrate a ea aviauy foe, whose imaglnation wax not habituated to inferiority; they would dispirit him effectually, level him to the dust, and make the sword drop from his bands; but to the Eindoo they are the commonest facts; he counts upon them, he is not the least surprised at them; they do not, simply as displays of superiority, shake his hopes; he toolk that superiority for granted when he commenced the contest, and so long as he retains the substance of the strength with which he startedviz., great superiority of number, together with arms, ammunition, &c., he has the same reasn for maintaining that he had for beginning the contest. He has long arrived at a callous acquiescence in his natural inferlority, and his basis of calculation, his ground of confidence, is a totally different one from what an equal European antagonist would adopt, -it is the old Eastern pride of number and brute force. Ee is not ashamed of this simple reliance upon number, as the chivalrous European would be; he does not care about the means or the mode of success, and will exult in simple material strength, in number, in brute force, as an engine of victory, as 3nuch as in any other engine for the purpose. Contemplate for a moment, for example, the picture of our Political Agent, Lieutenant OsBORN3, at Rewah, as given in our Calcutta correspondent's letter-a young Madras officer, living in a tent without guard or sentries, and without a single companion, or a friend witbin a hundred niiles, prevented by a liver complaint from lying down, and only able to take rt in a chair, and; in this condition surrounded by a mutinous soldiery threatening him all day with death by torture. Such is the force of character that up to the last post that young officer maintained his authority over the natives of the place, who, when not stopped by force, would convey his messages and obey his orders, and cowed even his mutinous assailants, who knew that his threat of taking six lives before he gave up his own would be only too well fulfilled. There is a picture of English character, as developed by the force of circumstances, by solitude amid overpowering hostile numbers. But to this character, developed in some form or other, the natives are accustomed. Our political agents and magistrates in India, even in quiet ordinary tlmes, live almost hermitse lives amid crowds with whom they have no social sympathies, and with whom they could not enjoy conversation, from mere want of common subjects, common tone and feelings, and common aspects of things. Once or twice in the year they go a hundred or more miles to meet a brother magistrate aud compare notes, and then return again to their solitudes and dreary sovereigpties in the social wilderness. Such situations as these would cow and depress feeble men, but they only serve to bring out the powers, energies, and selfreliance of many English residents, who dictate to powerful Nabobs and splendid Courts as coolly as if each had an army of half a million at his back. This is the character, then, to which the Hindoo is accustomed; he takes it as a matter of course, it is no more a novelty to him than any of the phenomena of phvsical nature. He has, doubtless, his own mode of explaining it, which satisfies himself; he attributes it to the evil principle, to the stars, to the signs of the zodiac, to the power of some great mythological dragon or scorpion whom BRAn.a or VISnu has not yet subdued, and who sends his brood to torment him-to some destroying god or goddess whom he has offended. Eveu civilized man is never at a loss for some theory to account for greatness which he dislikes. The Hindoo rebel lools upon this force of English character as he would upon a pestilence, a plague, or any of the great mysterious destructive forces of nature. But, however he may account for it, he is habituated to it, and he takes it for granted in any struggle which he has with us. The capture of Delhi is no surprise to him, as a display of English superiority. Ho waits for the actual blow which shall crush him to the eartb, and does not give way to a "' moral effect." The only diffieulty is to understand how the contest was commenced with such a force of admitted English superiority against him. And on this subject the Anglo-Indian world is split into two sides. The Calcutta Government takes the view that it was a "sudden unintelligible burst of "fanaticism,"-thevlewwhichwe should expect any Government to take. A Government will always attribute the least formlidable cause to any awkward event that it is possible to attribute, and make an accident of it if it can. Such an aspect of it tends to diminish alarm, to pacify agitation, and modify vengeance. On the other hand, the AngloIndian public, not having any responsibility of this kind, yields to the spirit of alarm and horror, and selects the most formidable and systematic source possible to which to attribute the movement -a regular organized conspiracy to massacre every European in India on a particular day -the centenary of the Battle of Plassey. This is the popular English theory in Calcutta, the explanation of the failure of the plan being the premature mutiny at Meerut, which prepared and forearmed the Europeans, who would else have been all taken by surprise, and fallen beneath the stroke of a compact ubiquitous conspiracy. This latter theory has one point in its favour,-that it gives an additional reason, over and above general Oriental ferocity, to account for the outrageous wholesale massacre of our countrymen in particnlar places. These wholesale loca mamsacres would upon this theory be only partia fulfilmaenta of a general scheme, and for the dreadful cruelties and tortures accompanying them there would be, besides the general hatred and passion of a cowardly foe, a particular motive discovered in the disappointment at the failure of the general plan of massacre. It is too soon now to decide between rival theories on such a subject, but it may be safely said that, with the facts of this mutiny before us, no theory of its formation can be rejected from its simple horribleness. A new Sicilian Vespers sounds indeed like a shocking, incredible romance; but so wouId every outrage connected with this mutiny sound too, were we anticipating it, or dreaming about it, or imagining it, inxtead of recording it.
Both in France and England the iLgidatures are to have a short winter Seion. On Saturday last the Legislative Body was convoked by Imperial mandate at Paris; on Thursday next Queen VIcToRoi will open in person the Session of Parliament for 1858. The proceedings across the Channel are merely formal; those with us are rendered necessary by an interference of the Executive in a commercial question and its arbitrary modification of an existing law. And this is not the only contrast. It would be difficult to conceive two things bearing smilar names and professing to exercise the same functions which have less in common, than the Legislatures of France and England. Of the existence of the one the world is hardly aware. It meets andc holds its Session, and is prorogued or dissolved amid the profound indifference of Paris, of France, and of Europe. Road Bills and Street Bils, Custom-houses and ocroi, are the principal subjects of its deliberation. It can only entertain questions which are brought before it by the Government, at whose pleasure it edsts. It is employed to give a varnish of legality to the deoreem of power. ;Not even its flattery is spontaneous, for laudation of the ruler is intrusted only to the immedisto agents of the Court, and the Aseably is expected to express its enthusiasm by applause. Every year the Assemblies at which Me ThOZZONG anMdM DZ MosrY preside are congratulated oa their patriotism, their high distinction in the eyes of the world, sad the example they set to other Legislatures by their wonderful harmony with the GoTernment. But these phraes eem to have little effect on the nation. The Legislative Body goes to its mechanical and routine duties with no more notice than if it were one of our parish vestries. The Deputies are eminently commonplace. They are respectable fathers of families, given much to talling " Boure " as they sit together, each with his scrap of red riband at bis buttonhole. Bat they are not a distinguished body. There may be remareable men among them, but they have not been remarked. The old race of politicians have decided on " absten"tion; " the tribune no longer reounds with the eloquence of LouIs PI'PPz's time; oppo,ition, and even criticism, is dead; the Republicans onlymutter belowtheir breath, and so the Session of the Legislative Corps pames away placidly year after year. Theselawnakers,infact, a sensiblemen; theyknow their position, and are aware that others know it. Their body has succeeded the Republican Asembly of 1898, which was called together on the ruins of Louis PRuIppnes Chamber, which followed the Constitution of 1815, which followed the Imperial Senate, which followed four Republican Legislatures. All these have been overthrown directly or indirectly by force of arms, and the present race of Deputies have no wish to add by any display of obstinacy to the number of slaughtered conatitutions. This estimable but not very brilliant or powerful body has just beena addresed by M. :s Monxy in language which must be very aoothing to its smse of dignity. The President has not long returned from Rusaia, -where he represented to the CzSA and his people the splendour and taste of the new Empire. But the honours of St. Petersburg are as nothing compared with native dignities. M. Vn MORNY tels his audience that he is "proud of being again called to this chair, "eapecially if the choice which Hos M&jsTy has "made of me meets with your approbation." The happiness of presiding over a free Assembly, particularly when it legislates for France, must surpas every other. The President then states, from his experience of St. Petersburg, that the position of France is in the highest degree majestic in the eyes of Europe. The Deputies can have no idea of this greatness. They, honest men, never go abroad. If one of them spends a fortnight at Dieppe in the summer he owns to a poetical fervour at having contemplated the ocean; and a little trip to Switzerland will furnish him with a topic of conversation for the remainder of his days. So M. DZ Moniy is obliged to reveal the full greatness of France. "As the "finest buildings are best viewed at a certain dis- "tance, so it is in like manner at a distance "from France that one is enabled to judge "how great is her position abroad, and what "admiration and respect the SOvRmGS who "governs inspires to all men." Again and again in his speech does the President return to this theme. In fact, the Session of the Legislative Body is opened without one word about any measure to be laid before it, while the national vanity is appealed to at the close of each sentence by an announcement of a pre-eminent position in the eyes of the world, and particularly of Russia. We are told that "its loyal and at the same time firm and mode"rate policy has replaced the old prejudices enter"tained towards France by confidence andby sym"pathy ;" so that, adds the President, in touching allusion to himself, " if absence has its sorrows, " consolation may yet be found in that sentiment "of national pride which every true Frenchman carries in his heart." Again, the fact that though Paris has been " endowed with wonderful monu" ments," yet the country has not been touched by the disters which afflict other States, must " in" dicate the prodigious resources of France, and " give the world a high idea of her power." This style of oratory is eminently characteristic of the men and institutions of France at the present day. A weak Legislature, a fettered press, and a coerced people are aptly addressed in terms of grandiloquence. Popular feeling must have its vent, and it is a natural expedient to lead away a nation from the contemplation of its political state by holding up before it the image of power and reputation abroad. France has, no doubt, a high place in Europe; the efforts and sacrifices made at the time of the Russian War have justly earned it; but, if anything could lessen the prestige of the empire, it would be such eternal self-assertion of its glory. When AL DE MoENy speaks he merely gives us to understand how thoroughly the Russians have succeeded in the part they have played since the peace of last year. To flatter a Court it ignores, a society it despises, and a people it hates, has been the task of Muscovite diplomacy for the last 18 months. But its success was hardly complete until the President of the Legislative Body represented its blandishments as the utterance of public opinion in Europe. As a contrast to such a speech and such an Assembly let us take the ceremonial which Englaud will witness three days hence. The oldest, most respected, and most powerful Legislature in the world will be addressed by a Constitutional Sovereign, in the presence of a free people. A body of representatives which has preserved its privileges unimpaired for six centuries will be invited by the descendant of a monarch who reigned eight hundred years ago to legislate for an empire whose influence extends over the entire globe on which we live. In this case there is no indifference, no apathy, no sighs from the desponding, no jibes from the cynical. Every man fees the British Parliament to be a great reality, the focus of the world's intelligence, the mainspring of the world's activity. And yet, with all its power and majesty, with its long history and its unviolated immunities, it will be addressed by the SOVE5MGx, at the close of a heroic series of battles, in no vain and pompous language. The Queen of ENGLAND we may be sure will not dilate on the position of the country in the eyes of foreigners or on their immense idea of its power. She will not say that it is necessary for an Englishman to go abroad in order to lea-n from the lips of strangers that his native land has a high claim to admiration. The QuEw will in simple language tell the ancient Estates which meet her that day at Westminster that the country has met and surmounted a great danger, that theEmpire of Asis has been preserved and strengthened, and that everyman intrusted with command in those distant regions has done his duty. She will then commit to their wisdom the task of dealing with the great questions in freely discussing which the whole nation has been so long anxiously engaged. Parliament will deliberate earnestly and freely, and the result of their deliberations will be law for millions. Such is the difference between a real and a fictitious Legislature, between the sober style to -which free men are accustomed and the vainglorious appeal which gratify the ears of servitude. SPECIE EoO M xtco.-LrVxurOOL Monday,_ The following notice wes postedin the Urnderws' Rooms this morning :-" vera cmz,; Nov. 4.-Per *seeamer for Sonthamnpton, $1,400,000 trom TamPICO; $60,000 trom
LATEST INTELLtGENC9.f~ _ f :,. AUSTRALT. (BY 8tBJ8UkzX A2, BXIH =EGBPH) We have reclved the following telegram froi Msxeilles: "Th"ALXADRT, NoVr. 23. "The Autrialua wlUiMgo forwardperTaw. The dates per Simla are Sydney, October11; MeU . bourne, October 16; GaUe, November 6. " An aftr-mail bad reched with Sydny papers of the 13th. " The Europen arrived at Melbourne on as 14t of Oetober. Her detention is attributed to advr winds and a failure of macbinery. " The reports from the goldfielda were gooL. The escort returns equal last year7s. Pnios d gold, 31. 16. 3d. for Cstemaine to 31. 19s. 9d fog Ballarat. " The Suffolk sailed for London on the 3d of October -with 112,446 ounce Exch=ge fo draughts, 60 days, lI premium. " Trade wa dull, save for Eastern produce. Tih mrkets continue overstocked, but goods were not sacrificed, and speculation was restricted by the tightening of the money-market and the firm atti. tude of the banks. "' The Iands Bill had been throrn out in the Upper House, but the Haines Ministry had dete,muined not to resign. The Bill to abolish State Aid to Religion was reject by a majorlty of one. Th report of the slect committee on railwys had been adopted. Two trunk lines were to be condruete4 and loans on debentures to be raiWd. A licens tax of lOs. per month per head had bee impoed on the Chinese, three members of the Legljaturg only dissenting. " The gold reoived by escort at Syydney durin the quarter ending the 30th of September was 35,803 ounces, againut 28,252 ounces last year, Wool was flrm-supenior clips Is. lOd. to 2. 1d& Tallow freely supplied-prioes not quite so arm. " The transport Ballarat, which sailed on the 15tlt of August, rea ced Galle on the 4th of November. " MALTA, Nov; 27. H"er Majesty's ship Urgent, with detachientt from Portsmouth and Queenstown for Malta and Corfu, arrived last night."
SZB COLIN CAMPBELL AND THE DISCrPLZrX OF THE INDIAN ARMY. The following g9eeral orders have been pub.Z lished:- Head-quarters, Calcntta Oct. 6 Ata general court-martial asembled at Dinapore on tho 21st day of September, 1857, LIeutenant William Wbelee Jasper Ouseley, of the 22d Regiment Bengal Native It. fantry, was arraigned on the following charge:- - Charge.- For having, when on duty under arms, ox the outlying pickets at Dinapore, on or about the, 1t tC August, 1857, been founcdrdrunk liusWheler Jsper O useley, ofethe 2de Reglimlentten o tiW Infantry, auiuSy of thie charge brought aginstbhim. nantWiiam to pe hir Ouseley, of the 22d RegimentAof Nat A'tpproved and confirmed, C. CAUI'BI, General, Commander-in.Chief. Recommendation to Mercy.-The Court recommen( Lieutenant Ouseley to the 1avouable consideration of his Excellency the Commander-in-Chief in India, on accut Of the recent exposure, hardships, and excessve anxiey oC mind he had undergone, without food for days, and in the hourly expectation of being murdered, and also on accoOnt of his youth and inexperience. temarks by the Commander-in-Chlef.-The 'Con. nmander-in-Chief regrets that the court-martial by ?hich Aieutenant Onseley was tried and convicted shoilds have thought fit to make a recommendation to which, ILn the rIightful execution of his duty, it Is absolutely imcposible for his Excellency to lien. How ould the Commander. in-Chief enforce strict dnty from a sentry if ha were to overlook an act of dsgraceful and outrageous drunkennew in an officer actually commanding an outlying picket7 Officers when sitting on a court-martial should :eflect well before te thro on the Commander-in-Chief thepamfuI duty of neglecting a recommendation to mercy. Iot artelny, usemley wil be struck off the strength of the naum fromi date of publicaton of this order at llinanore, of vhich a report s to be mo ae to the deloty adjutont-general of the C. C&IIBELDL, General, Calcutta, Oct. 5. Co'mmander.in.CkieL It appears in the proceedi5ngs of the court-martJIa 1lately assembled at Dinapore for the trial of Lieutenant Oriseley that when that of ficwr, he bein actall in command of anL outlyig pIcket, wsfound in a state of drunkenness by the field officer of the day at 3 o'¢lock a m, on theiset of August, the latter, inste.d of pladng him in arrest and seeing that he was instantly removed from his picket, contented himself with making a report about 9 o'clock the next morning. The field officer Is himself liable to betried for gross neglect of duty. It appears, secondly, that the cataln of the day, whem engaged in the responsible duty of viSiting an outlying picket on the oceadon alluded to, was satisfied with calling out o it ot a distance of 20 paces, IIs all rightV? or words to that effect. Consequently, if he made a report that he visited this picket, the captain of the day is liable to be tried for making a false report. It appears in the proceedings thidly, that both the field officer and the captain purposely evaded the disagreeable duty of placinq Lieutenant Ouseley in arret, that they con. sulted aoout It, and determined to throw it on the ar officers Whether this conduct was promptedby ignorance, or any other motive, the Corsnander.in.Chief refrains to inquire. Such a course on the part of offcers engaged in duty is fraught with the most evil example, and is a stain on the service. No ensign of sx months standig shouldbe guilty Fourthly, the Commander-in-Chief observes that the Assistant Adjutant-General of the division never seems thoroughl to have known how or by whom tbe prisoner was place in arrest. The prisoner was left in uncertaiaty; and it may be said without exaggeration thnt be subsided into arrest through a number of authorities, no one of which gave a distinct and positive order. This is not the mauner n which the duties of staffofficersehould be carried on. Ai It is their business to superintend others so it is quite inpossble for error and danger to tho service to be avoided If staff officers per'mt themselves to be thus inexact in th execution of their office. The Commander-in-Chief gives the offoers oomPosing this army, whether belonging to the service of Her Majesty or the Honourable Company, fairly to understand that he will have discipline enforced in all ranks. It is more than probable that much of the calamity from which the State is now suffering results from general slackness in the perfor. mance of painful duty on the part of the officers of the army. His Excellency Is determined to vindicate the discharge of military duty, and he calls on all commanding officers of divisions, brigades, and regiments resolutely to support him. Staff officers will not be retained in their posts whenever lukewarmncss can bo proved against them.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir.-The name of my brother, Captain Robert RobLonL Harris, 67th Bengal Native Infantry, appeard in the second edition of The Times on November 14 among a list ot ealties which had ocurred before Delhi and Lucknow. We have to-day letters from him, alive and wel, in the fort of Agra. Your insertion of this wi oblige your obedient servant. G. T. EARRIZ, Hzrow.p&rk, Nov. 30.
THE ScoTTsH HosPrTAr.-The amuual dinner of this incorporated charity took place lst evening at the London Tavern, Bishopggate-street. In the abeece of Lord Pannure, who was prevented by indisposition from prcsiding, the chair was ocupied by r.Mioffitt .p.. After the usual loyal toasts had been duly honoured, the chairman proposed "The Army and Navy,' observing that the nation owed a deep debt of gratitude to the British army for the oblYals aud! devotion it had dlspayod in suppresing the Indianmutiny. General Sir C). PaFey, KC.B., in returning tha*nk saiid he thought Scotchmnen might taie just pride in the fad that their countrymen in the army In India bore a larger nuumerical proportion to the force engaged than either English. maen or Irihmen. The chairman, in propol to prspty totheScottishHospitAIl"atated thatduringthe 1at2 months the committee hvaawaxded pens ens to 132 agdpersos, had exmined andlrelieveaupwards f2D moVdktofd In "A month, and had defrayed pasae to Sootland, the whbleen.. penditureamountingto2,92.he school fee, ost of boo s7,of above 100 poor children hadbeenpald from the SchoI Fund. Nearly 2,0001. had also been expended in pehtiowa to more than 400 sabld soldin and sailors from the Kinloch Bequest. Xr. Mason proPd "The Houns od Commons," andthe toast was acknowledged by Mr. Roupeli. M.P. Sevrl other toastb were mubeequently given, a3 the subecriptious announnoed amounted to nearly 4001. ArVa[BzY OF' rn POLISH} REVOLfTWDN. The 27th anniversary of the Polish war of independence ot 1830.31 flling on Sunday last, the Polih exiles r"ent in London attended yesterday a funeral miss, wlich was per formed by the Rev. Emiericus Podolski, at the Rlom, Catholio Chapel, 8uttountdreet,Sobo, for the On b of those who fIlU in that and other national strngg.e In tb evening a meeting of the Polish Historical Socity was bld at Suasex-chambers, Duke-street, St Jamts Ow t the abeence fromLondondthe preident, one1Sa the chair was occupied bo the vlos-preddent, -Mor Szulczewsld. Addresses expressive t the s fideiity of the Poles to their natlonal aa, t kez to the British nation for the generoos hesnitatvarnd them, and to the Literary oIion of t rjead: ef Poland for itsontinuedsative apathy ith the c . Poland, were delivered by the camr ad renr t guSle ote whift the etingsepara
7HR CAPTURE OF TRR KING OF' DBELUI A2ND BXBY:UTION O.F H1I 8'QA. The following particular of the final operations atDelhi, reSUltNginthecapture of the Iiig auid the -execution of two of his elder sons anid a gr.nudsu, may be relied on as authentic, and eiffetually diePo"eof the charge of treachery attempted to be %brought against Lieutenant Hodson:- "O0a the morning on which the city and Place were ilin evacuated the whole of the availablt- c *valry moved -out thoumgh the suburbs In the direction of, but Iot on the saod to the Kootub, and marched to the top of the hill on nwhich stands the E Eedgah,' thence overlookiog the camp 'of theBrelilya Isrusseerabad mutineers, unde.r " General" Zucltowr han, quondain Subadar of Artill.ery. It was Zoon perceled by unmistakable signs that the camup was 'ing evacuated, and soon after a loud explhsion teok place, 'whloh told to practised ears that the rehels were hlo wing map tileir ammunition prevlous to a flight, aild aodson's suesengeracomingbreathle-sly in at the momei.t confirmed the fact. Hodson immediately got leave to report it to the generI, galloping on his way right along the front of the eit'y to see if this was clearly also. He then obfiaiued per-mission from the general to go to the rebel camp itself, to wee how the land lay. " He started at onoe with his second in command, Macdowell, and 75 Sowars, and rode right ronili the city to the I)elhi-gate; having but few shots fired at themii, asd clearing the road of stray rebels as they wen' along, they found the camp all but empty (they soon made it qui'e so), and -the Delli-gate open. They brought away three euns left by -the enemy, and made arrangements for bringing in the empty tents, &o. They recovered the mess platoOf the 60th Native Infartry, their standards, stripped ho Rever, and end Instruments, polishing-off the big drawnimer, who, with ilis myrmidons, gave some trouble. "Next day Hodson asked and obtained permission to go *fter the King, whose capture, with that of bis favourite wife (mother to the heir apparent), he sluccesfoully aOcomplished at the cost only of vast fatigue, some fighting, and imminent risk. His Majesty was courteously disarmed, and -then escortd into the city. " Early the following morning Hodson set to work to get the Princes, greater because more active villains than their father. He started with Macdowel (second only to his 'commanding officer in all soldierly qualities) and 100 men for the Tomb of the Emperor Humayoon, where the rascals -were concealed. He took measures to out off all access to or egress from the building, and then sent in one of the illegitimate scions of Royalty (who had saved bis own llfe -only by turning King's evidence) and the one-eyed Moulvie, Rujnb All (one of the lamented Sir Henry Lawrence's ,Mot truted emissaries) to bring out the Princes. After more than two hours of anxiety, strategy, and no -cali pracice of the arts of offence and defence, they apyeared, and were lmmediately sent off in a ' bhylie,' under a -mIll guard, towards the city. Hodson, then, with the semainder of his men, entered the enceinke of the tomb, and found certainly not less than fr om '5.010 to 6,000 of the -cm of the city and Palace congregated there, ariped with 'weapons and missiles of all descriptions. It was indeed an aour of tres; rhen a bold front and a deteririined voice -ws of more avail than even a sharp sword. Wonderful to -say, not a man of the gallant little band was hit, and on Hodson sternly reiterating his demand for instant surrender -they began to lay down their arms. 500 swords, and twice that number ef fireams, besides horses, elephants, &c., were coUected in less than an hour and-a-half, without another blow being struck Hodson and his men then amoved warily off to the city. At a short distance from the walls they found the ' bhylie' was halted with muoh rabble coUected around, who turned on the little -party as they rode up. This was co time for hesitation or delay. Eodson dashed at once into the midst -in few but energetic words explained 'that these -were the mnen who had not only rebelled against the fGovernment, but bad ordered and witnessed the massaore -nd shameful exposure of innocent women and children; ,and that thus therefore the Government punished such draltors, taken in open resistance,'-shooting them down at the word. The effect was instantaneouis and vwonderful ! lNot anothez harnd was raised, not another weapon leveUed, .and the Mahomedans of the troop and some inflaential Mlloulvies among the bystanders exclaimed, as if by simul-laneous impulse, 'Well, and rightly done! Their crime has met with its just penalty. These were they who gave -the signal for the death of helpless women and children and outraged decency by the exposure of their persons, and now - rlghteous judgment has fallen on them. God is great ! ' 'The zemaining weapons 'were then laid down, and the -crowd slowly and qutetly dispersed. The bodies were then -carried into the city and thrown out on the very spot where ihe blood of their innocent victims still stained the earth. 'Ihey remained there till the 24th, when, for sanitary reasons, they were removed from the Chibootra in front of the XKotwalee. The effect of this just retribution is as mirau.olous on the populace as it was deserved by the cr1ruinals. " The popular 'wish now is, that ' Hodson, the avenger of Wfiood,' should be sent with a strong force at his back to iind and execute the like justlce on the arch-villain Nat!a Sahib. May they both receive the reward of their deeds !" LATEST hROM DELhI. Palace. l)elhli, Oct. 15. 1 wrote to you from Meerut on the 28th ult., enclosing - list of casualties and giving a few smal scraps of informa. tlon-perhaps a little more may not prove altogether unacceptable. The ex-King, who Is living in a small house within the Talace walls, is to be brought to trial in a few days for aidIng and abetting the mutineers. LIving with him is his Javourite wife, Zeenut Mahal, and her son Jumma Bnkht, a lad of about 17 or 18 years old. Two of the King's sons, 'the Princes Mirza Buoktawur Shah and Mirza hendhoo, -were tried last week for aiding and abetting the mutineers. One of them vas appointed colonel of the 11th Native Infantry, and the other of the 74th; they were tried by a military commission of five officers, with Brigadier-General Chamberlain as President. Evidence was produced before -the Court, principally documentary, consisting of reports, -returns, &c., bearing the prisoners' seals, showing that they exercised command of their regiments and acted. In their defence they pleaded total ignorance of the intention of the Eepoys to mutiny, and said that when the Meerut mutineers irst reached Delhi on the 11th of May they (the Princes) 4hought It was a Russian invading army! They were then summoned to an audience by the King. and a few days after were appointed colonels of regiments at the request of -the Sepoys themselves. The Court, however, found tbe prisoners guilty, and son'tenced them to death; aud, accordingly, yesterday they were shot by a party of the 60th Rifles. Detachments of Rif'es, Artillery, Sappers, and Goorkhas were present, and a great number of spectators. The bodies were cast into the Jumna River. The city continues empty of aU its former inhabitants, though many are attempting to negotiate with the prize agents for the ransom of their houses and property. It is supposed a large amount of prize money will be collected. Nothing as yet is known as to wvhether this place is to be retained as a garrison or not. The country is about settling down and tho people becoming wonderfully civil. A forceis out, under B rigadier Showers, punishing rebels and bringing -them to a sense of their duty and allegiance. I men-tioned in my last that two Engineer officers were to receive the " Victoria Cross." I regret to say Lieutenant Salkeld has died of his wounds; the other, Lieutenant Home, was -nnfortunately killed by an explosion when destroying a fort near Bolundshuhur. They are deeply lamented. At Meerut all is quiet. Hero the sick and wounded are improving, as -the cold weather is setting in.
A FOREIGN LEGIONT. TO TEL EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-On Friday evening last I was on the quay at this .plaoe waiting for the boat from London, by which I ex.Pected the anrival of a friend from England. The hour for -the depart.re of the boat for London was near, when my -attentlon was attracted by the arrival of several men -ecorted by several files of French soldiers, guarded by whom 4hey were embarked for London. I inquired who these men were, and was told they were recruits for the B.ritish Foreign legion. I replied that there must be some aisake, an at the present time no Foreign LeAion was being formed in England My informant became very vehement, -and his loud toneo drew the attention of the bystandem Not wishling to enter into any dispute moved away. On returning home I rend the excellent article in The .'i?nes of that diy, pointing out the abburdity of the reports =.realent as to the enlistment of foreigners for the British Ilave not been able to leaun anything more on the subject, .nd can only send you this mere atatement of the fact `~I rew, Sir, your obedient servant. A T'WU W Y lA IDSIDENT T N mV 'n,\ Bouloge-mr-Mer. Nov. 29.
BIBMIXaNRM CATTLE AND POULTRY SHOW. Birmingham can assist the commissariat as well as furnish the armaments of a nation; sparing timne from its hammering, rolling, and grinding to develope the foud resources of our midland counties and assemble " the beat" from the stalls and folds and poultry yards of England. And of the numerous provincial fat stock shows held, not only in rural but in populous manufacturmz and meat-consurning districts, the most valuable and successful is tbaet established by the Mlidlaud Society for testing the expansion and fineness of frame and fattening capability of animals of different breeds, for improving our varieties of domestic poultry, and for encouraging the better cultivation of root crops. At its ninth anniversary the Bingley-hall Exhibition fairly rivals the venerable Smithfield Club sbow ; distributing an equal amount of moneynamely, 1,2001.-in prizes, including nearly as many first-class animals from the same standard breeders and feeders, and, though embracing no display of implen2euts and machinery, standing in a unique po-4tion as the great poultry show of the kingdom. The show opened with the Monday "private view." To daiy, Wednesday, and Thursday, the entrance fee is ls., and as many as 50,000persons are expected. From 12,(00 to 14,000 workpeople will albo be admitted by half-price tickets. Among the visitors yesterday were Lord Feversham, Lord Bilt and party, Lady Wade, Lord Aylesford, Lord and Lady Guernsey, Lady Mordaunt, Lord Dartmouth, Lord Southampton, Lord and Lady Chesterfield, &c. The entries of fat stock amount to 135 beasta, 53 sheep, 103 pigs-a total of 291, or 34 more than last year. The Herefords form the preponderating feature of the cattle classes, just as the short-horns do at the Baker-street exhibition; next come the abort-horns, and then the Devons, cross-breed*, and other classes in about equal numbers. The two gold medals, singling out the best ox or eteer and the best cow or heifer "of any breed or age," go (as last year) to aHlereford andlashort-horn -namely, to 3Ir. Shaw's Hereford ox and Colonel Townley's short-horn cow. The Herefords are not only in larger number, but of finer quality than we have seen before. Mr. Shaw's prize ox is a splendid animal, of immense length and deptb, the tail set on particularly well, though a better flank has been seen at otber shows. He has never been exhibited here before, but gained a prize lately at Leicester. He deserves the extra prize as the best Hereford. Mr. Heath's ox is unusually good, but seems to be unwelL No less than nine commendations are given in the first class, though we think two at least might be very well withheld. The Hereford steers are also a good class, also profusely honoured with commendations. We much admired Mr. Naylor's very handsome, compact, and beautifullyfed prize steer. His Royal Highness the Prinoe Consort shows a very handsome animal in this class. The Hereford cows form a most magnificent claes, there being no less than 13, and every one, besides the first and second prizes, has justly received a commendation. Lord Bateman's, Mr. Naylor's, Mr. Wright's, and Mr. Read's are very meritorious. Perhaps Mr. Thomas's cow, with her splendid chine and beautiful quality of meat. ought to have beaten Mr. Turner's deeper framed yet older cow, which has been awarded the first prize. The short-born oxen and steers are certainly more remarkable this year for their size than for flesh, and are not so handsome as we sometimes see them. Even Mr. Eyton's prize beast has no pretensions to a high state of fatness. Many persons will prefer Mir. Robinson!s beautiful second prize ox. In the class of short-horn steers, again, we should have pronounced Earl Spencer's superior to Mr. Stratton's, in spite of the back and chine of the latter, did we not know how differently the animals show themselves when turned out side by side. The short-horn cows are very fine indeed, the whole class being elevated in character by the presence of Mr. Swinnerton's cow and the more superb one of Colonel Towneley, who did not exhibit last year. WVe cannot sufficiently praise the form and proportion, the beauty and quality, of this cow-the same that took the prize at Salisbury, and certainly one of the best ever seen. Lord Feversham and Mr. Gell show the two best short-horn heifers. The Devon oxen and steers are wonderfully good, -the Earl of Leicester taking the first prize, together with the President's silver plate for the " breeder and exhibitor," for an ox not so good in some particular points as others in the clas* but more regular and even in touch. Both Mr. HEeath's are beautifully symmettical, level, and finely fed. The Earl of Aylesford, Mr. Fouracre, and his Royal Highness are great in this class. The Devon cows are exceedingly good, Mr. TImbers and Mr. reath ornamenting the class. His Royal Highness's prize heifer is a splendid animal. The longhorns, a breed little seen elsewhere, have this year two clamses assigned them, instead of only one; but their somewhat gaunt frames, heavy legs, and rough coats display little excellence or indication of profitableness. Mr. Berbery's cow is undoubtedly of the best shape and most kindly quality. The classes for other pure breeds and cross-bred animals contain nothing very attractive. Mr. Thomas's short-horn Hereford, Colonel Towneley's cross-bred steer, and Mr. Swinnerton's cow are meritorious. The Duke of Beaufort's West Highland Is good, and his cross between a West Highland cow and Devon bull is interesting as an experiment. The Scotch and Welsh beasts are in smaU force Mr. Sneyd and Mlr. Heath showing good specimens. Exhibitors will gratify in some degree the popular taste for a menagerie; thus, in the extra classes we had last year the Earl of Derby's Brahmin-andGalloway cow; and on the present occasion the curiosity is Mr. Drakeford's " supposed Shetland." This cow, which has had three calves, is about the size of a donkey, white, with black spots and a black head, having short ebonyhorns of the true diabolic curve. It has a long well-formed body and short legs, is somewhat handsome, and seems as if intended to be roasted whole. The E3rl of Lichfield, Sir Robert Peel, and Mr. Wiley show very good short-horns in this class. About two-fifths of the sheep are of the Shropshire and other black or gray-faced short-woolled breeds; the cross-breds next in number; then the South Downs, the Leicesters and long-wools being very thinly represented. The Leicesters are much better in quality than they were last year; but even Mr. Foljambe's prize wethera are not very strikingly meritorious; however, the Leiceaters have beaten the crosbreds, which gained the " extra prize" last show. Mr. Davis's long-wools are very good indeed, and we must not forget to mention a wonderful fat Cotswold ewe exhibited by the same breeder, though as a curiosity, and not in competition. Lord Walsinghanm has not carried away quite all the Down prizes, as he did last year, as Sir Robert Throckmorton gets the second prize for older sheep, HIis lordship's exra-prize wethers are great beautie3. The Shropshire Downs are fast rising In repute; and Mr. Henry Smith, Mr. Green, Mr. Holland, and Mr. Foster show some very beautiful animals. The cross-bred classes comprise some of the best sheep in the show; indeed, Mr. Keep's splendid first prize shearlings are certainlythe levellest and i every respect the most beautiful sheep in the haiL The peeuliarity in the show of pigs is that classes are provided for " breeding" as well as " fat"f animals, the former being exhibited in pens of five of one litter. These contributed to render the collection of swine last year perhaps the best ever gathered together. At the present meeting the prize fat pigs are as good as they were last year, but in the first two claxses the competition has not been so great. Mr. Benyon's black Berkehires are magifi. cent, and so are the Countess of Chesterfield's second prize pigs. Mr. Thornley shows a tremendous animal, weighing at least l,OOOlb. dead weight-the heaviest pig ever exhibited in Bingley-hail. The amount and quality of flesh in proportion to the bone in Mr. Whiteman's pig is really wonderful; and Mr. Parke's pig is of marvellous weight and fine quality. The breeding pigs of a large breed form the most astonishing class ever seen. The superiority of MIr. Smith's pen was obvious to the judges; but there was so mauch difficulty in determining the second prize that they awarded a large number of silver medals to pigs of greatest excellence. The breeding pigs of a smaill breed are far better than they were last year. Those of hinRoyal Highness are very perfect. Mri. Mangle;, usually sO suecesfl gets nothing, and Mr. W1iley, bringing the best pigs he ever hid in his life, con obtain only the second prize. Tha cQU@CVn of rooa is r.mawlrbly mQ~onl buy 'we have only spaca to mention 2Ir. Benyon's longa white mangold-wurtzel weighing 411b. the single root. The greater portion of our report has been devoted to what appeara the most important or, at any rate, more strictly agricultural division of the show, but many persons are inclined to rank the birds above the quadrupeds, when they reflect on the vast extension of poultry-keeping among all ordeta of the comamunity, and the enormous demands we are making upon the fowl and egg markets. And the relativeimporsance of the fat.stodk andpoultryclasses at Birmingham may be judged from the fact that vwhile there are 185 exhibitors of cattle, &c., there are as many as 415 exhibitors of poultry and pigeons, under the patronage of the Prince Consort and 29 ladies of title, including nine countenses and one duchess; and furffer, that if the entire exhibition could be sold off the birdl would probably realize more money than al the fat cattle, sheep, and pigs put together. In spite of all the restrictions for weeding out inferior poultry which minght degrade the exhibition into a mere market, there muster no fewer than 1,305 pens of poultry and 193 of pigeons, a ~total of 1,498, against 1,416 last year. The breeds of fowls may be classified according to their uses and character, some being chiefly regarded for beauty and characteristics of plumagee; others principaly for their wei,ght. The Polands and Eami-burgs bave been so improved that a standard of featber is attained which was until lately thought impossible, and this without sacrificing any valuable points. The Dorkings, again, are the greatest producers of food; the average weight of the best class of those fowls this year is 71b., being an improvement of 21b. per bird since the establishment of poultry sbows. The winter scarcity of new-laid eggs is now obviated by careful breeding of the Bramah Pootra, Cochin, and other Eastern fowls; and the Cochins, though no longer fetching extravagant prices, ati maintain their size, quality, and popularity, as good layers always will do. Game fowls-the old English original breedare still favourites, as proved by the great numbers and high character of these at the present show. Ducks are exhibited of 71b. weight, this being the weight of geese a few years ago. Hen turkeys of 141b., and tarkey cocks of 271b. weight, are common. But the greatest improvement of all is in the geese; 81b. or 91b. was formerlly the average, and a goose of 161b. was a marvel. In the present show there are five pens (i.e., 15 birds), weighing 3501b., and one gander is no less than 28idb.. in weight. The show of pigeons was exceedingly good. Not having room for the awards of silver plate prizes and innumerable commendations in the 86 claeses, we can only mention as among the anscessful exbibitors-Captain Hornby, Rev. S. Donne, Mr. Fookes, Mr. Swan, Mr. Colville, Miss Fowler, &c. The following are the names of the judges and Eome of the principaj prizes awarded:- Judges of Cattle.-Mr. John Tanner Davy, Ashtown Hlouse, South Molton, Devonshire-; Mr. Charles Stokes, Kingston, near legworth, Derbyshire; Mr. Samuel Blox. sidge, Warwick. Judges of Sheep andPigs.-Mr. JohnMoon, Hurstbourn3 Priore, near Whitchurch, ampshire; Mr. Edmward Gough, Gravel-hill, near Shrewsburr; Mr. Joseph Holland Bur. bery, Kenilworth, Warwickaiire. Judge of Rocta.-Mr. J. MAthews, Edgbastn-uhouse, Birmingham. Judges of Poultry.-TheRee.Eobertrulleine, theRecto ry Kirkby Wiske, near Thirski Mr. G eorge James Andrews, Dorchester; Mr. Jobn BaYl. Mount-street, Grosvenorsquare, London; Mr. Edward Hewit, Eden-cottago, Spark. brook, near Birmingham ' Mr. Thomas Challoner, Burnt IeYs, Whitwel}, near Worsop. Judges of Pigeons,-Ir. T. J. Cottle, Pulteney-villa, Cheltenham; Mr. Edward Hale, HAndswortL. VAT CATTLE. HEEEFORDS. CLASS I.-HEREFORD OXEN OR SnERS. First prize, 101., with ex.ra prize of 201. and gold medal; and silver medal to breeder. -Exhibitor, Mr. John Shaw, lunsbury-hlll, Northampton. The lass generally commended. CLAss IL-HERLEFoRD STEBs. First prize, 101., and silver medal as breeder. Exibitor and breeder, Mr. John Naylor, Leighton-hall, Welshpool, Montgoomervshire. CLASS III.-HEREFORD CoWs. First prize, 101., and silver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, Mr. Phlip Turner, the Leen, Pembridge, Herefordsbire. The class generally commended. CLASS I:V.-HEREFORD HEnEBS. First prize, 101., and silver medal to breeder. Exhibi. tor, Mr. Eenry Higgins, Woolaston-grange, near Lydner, Glocestershire. SHORT-HORNS. CLASS V.-SxORT-HORN O.xzx OR ST S. First prize, 10, andsilser medal as breeder. Exhibitor and bresder, Mr. WiUiam Byton, Gonsal, near Shrerwsbury. CLASS VL-SHOnT-nOIVN STrxRs. First prize, 101, and silver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, Mr. Eichard Stratton, Broad Hinton, near Swindon. CrASS VIL-SHOnT-HORN COWS. First prize, 101, with extra Prlce, 201., vnd gold medal, and silver medal as breeder. ExbIhitor and breeder, Lieu. tenant-Colonel Charles Towneley, Towneley-park, Burnley, Lancashire. The class generally commended. CLASS VIIL-SHORT-}iOBN HIFBBS. First prize, 101., and silver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, the Right Hon. Lord Feversham, Dancombe. park, Helmsley, Yorkshire. DEVONS. CLASS IX.-DBvoN OxzN on STRzas, First pri7e, 101., with 201. extra prize, and Lord Ward's prize of 251., and silver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and 1 breeder, the Right Hon. the Earl of Leicester, Holkamhail, Norfolk. This class generally commended. CLASS X.-DzvoN STEERs. First prize, 101,, and silvor medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, the Right Hon. the Earl of Ayiesford, Paclington. CrAss XI.-Dxvov Cows. First prize, 101., and silver medal to breeder. Exhibitor, Mr. John C. Halse, Molland, Devonshire. CLAss XTI.-DAvox Hxri-ms. First prize, 101., and silver medal to breeder. Exhibitor, his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, Windsor Castle. LONG-HORNS. CLASS XIII.-LONG.HORN OxEN on STXzRs. Prize 51. and silver medal to breeder. Exhibitor, Mr. R. H. Chapman, U pton, near Nuneaton. CLASS XI:V.-LONo-RORN CONVS OR HEmIFXS. First prize ]01 and silver medal to breeder. Exhibitor, Mr. Joseph Holland Burbery, Kenilworth, Warwick. shire. For OT¶R PURR nx3MEzs AND CROSS-BR3ExIAL-rMALs. CLASS XV.-FAT OXEN On. STXEzS. First prize, 101., and silver medal to breeder. Exhibitor, Mr. Richard Thomas, Rvton, near Dorrington, Shropshire. CLASS XVL-FAT Cows. First prize, 101., and silver mcdal to breeder. E xhibitor, Mr. Robert Swinnerton, Weddington, Nuneaton. CLASS X VI.-FAT HEIRS. First prize, 101., and silver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, his Grace the Duke of Beaufort, Badminton, near Chippenbham, Wiltshire. CLASS XVI.-SCOTCH OXEN O. STERS. First prize, 101. Exhibitor, Mr. Ralph Sneyd, Keel.hall, Staffordshire. WELSH BREEDS. CLASS XX-WELSE OXEx OR STrERS. First prize, 101. Exhibitor, Mr. Wiliam Heath, Ludhamhall, Norwich, Norfolk. EXTRA CLASSES. (For animals not qualified to compete in any of the pre- ceding Classes.) CLASS XX.-OXz On ST}RS, Prize, fl., and silver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, the Right Hon. Viscount Dilon, Ditclely-park, near Enstone, Oxford8bire. CLASS XXL-Cows oB HrEIFBs. Prlze, 5. Exhibitor, the Right Hon. the Earl of Lichfield, Shugoorough. SHEEP. CLASS XXI.-LrcESTERS. (Fat Wethere, not exceeding 22 months old,) First Prize, 101., extra prize, 104,, and silver medali as breder. Exhibitor and breeder, Mr. George Samuel Fol. jambe, Osberton-hall, Worksop, Nottinghamsihire. CLASS XXII-LEICESTERS. (Fat wethbers, exceedig 22, but not exoeeding 34 months old.-No entry.) CLASS XXW.-LO xG.WOOTi. SHxR , NOW BEPXG (Fat wetr :Xnot nexceeding2onts old.) Fr breeder. Exhbitor and reeer,Mrs We$ Gren-illFarm, Bletchington, CLASS XXV. (Fat Wethers, exceeding 22, but not exceeding 34_ months CLAS XXV-Sold.)-No entry. Dw nw (aweer,nteceig2months old.) st prize, 10 nd siler medl as breeder. Exhibito and reeer,theRlat Hn. ordWallngam,Merton. CLASS XXVII-SOlTrH A25D OTR Dowx Suxar. (Fat wet'hers, exOeeding 22, but not exceeding 34 months .old.) Eirst prize, 107., extra Prize, 101., and silver maedal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, the Right Hon. Lord Walsinghamn, Merton-hall ,Thetford, Norfolk OFASS XXVfl-SuaOrSHnI AISD OruPn IBi&x or GRAY-FACED 9HORT-WOOLi.xn Sisnzy. (Fat wethers, not exceein 22 months old.) Firt pIz, 11,,an sive medal to breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, Mr. Henry Sraith, jun, Sutton hladck, Shiffna] Shropshire. CrSS XXIX.--SHROr-SEMn AN OTmEa BLACK Olt GRAYT-F&CrID SH&iST-WOOLLI,D Suvap. (Fat 'wethers, exoeeding 22, bxtt not exceeding bi months First vrize5 101,, mud. iqr me'll tq o brdt. BxhbwIt4t and breedr Mr- W. O. Footer, M.P., Kinver.bill Farvi Stolizibndge!'Worestershire. r 9 C. CLASS XX-CCRoSS.B D ED P Fist(at wethers, not exceeding 22 months old.) xibl't prze 101, ejver medal, ana silvermnedal as breedjer. xbbtrad breeder,-Mr. Adam Corrie Keep, Woilaston, WellilJgborough. CLASS XXXL-FAT WETHERS, 3XCEEIIG 22, BUT NOT XXCEXDn;G 34 !'IONTMI OLD. First prize, 101., and dilver modal me breeder. Exhibitor add breeder. Mr. A. C. Keep, Woilaston, WWelingborough. PIGS. Cr*s XXLXI-FAT PIGS. (Fae pigs oE one hitter, not exoeedlnge10 ranths oid.) F ir s t p riz e, 1 O ., a n d sil v e r m d a t o b r e e d e r E x h ib ito r ley, -orthamptonshdhue CLASS XXXII-FAT P-IGS. (Ft (g foElitrnoxceeding 15 nonths old.) First priz'e, 101, and silver mnedal to brieeder. Exhibitor and breeder, Mihr. GeoreMngles, G,I.,ndgledeRip.on usqjr CLAASSX X X-IGS.OF &TLPIG. BR= (Eceeding 16x nonths old.) First PrIZe, &,I. and ailver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder, Mr. Jeorg Manih G7 shire.CLS e,Gvnde,ion.rk 0A-XXX:V.r.pIGS OF A. LMAMG BRXaD. (Five Pigs Of One litter, exceeding three, and not ex-oan cengs'ix m onths old.) First prize, 1ot..i and silver medal as breeder. Exhibitor and breeder hri poyejlhSnIghn, thne7.n-rienc Carwict. shind re. ie
COUBT CIROULAR. WINDSOR, ONoDAy. pThe Queen, acompaniedo by the Princm Royal and Princess Alice, rode i3a the Ridiug.house this morning, attended by the lon. Emily Cathcart. His Royal Highness the Prinuce Consort, with Prznce Frederick Wiltiam of Prissia, went out shooting. The Cotust of Paris and the Duke of Chartres arrived from RihnionFd to shoot with the Prince, and returned again in The Maroniai of Lsnsdowne, the Couintess of Shelburne, the Right lon. Sir George Grey, and the Right HOD. T. Pemberton Leigh left \Windsor inl the forenoon.* Her Majesty will hold a Pn C U it (Wednesday) at Buckingham Palace. The Marquis of Lansdowne returned to town yesterday from visiting the Queen, at Windsor Castle. The Judicial Committee of the Privr Concil sat yesterday. An appeal from Bengal, "'Chuoturya Run Murdun Syn v. Sahub Purihulad Syn " (part heard), was resumed. Despatohes were received yesterday at the Colonial.oflce from the Governors of the North American Provinoes.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-You will be doing the public a service if you will put them on their guard, through the medium of these few lines, against sundry vagabonds who, under pretence of examining gas meters, relieve them of their plate. One of these fellows presented himself to my servants on Saturday, and after a pretended examination of the meter, asked to see how the gas burned In the kitchen and pantry, the latter receiving his particular attention. The man being evidently well acquainted with his work, no suspicion was excited at the moment, though the plate basket bsing In the pantrr, my butler fortunately tovered it,for concealment; and It was % ell he did so, for shortly after a somewhat abrupt termination of our visitor's toils and departure my servaats discovered that two valuable silver spoons, left for a few moments in the kitchen, had disappeared. The man was about 5 feet 6 inches high, of spare build, had dark hair and eyes, with a slight squint, and a pale allowvcountenance. The public will do well to allow no man, under such a plea, to eater their premises withoxt showing his credentials. _ I am, Sir. Your obedient serva-nt. CLA.PH&A KCOMMT. NOV. MU.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday at the official residence of the Firet Lord of the Treasury inDowning-street. The Mlinisters present wereViscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Claren. don, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Duke of Ar7yll, and the Right Ron. M. T. Baines LrvBrsroOL, Monday.-Advices have been received here of the arrival of the South American and General Steam Navigation Company's screw steamship Imperador at Singapore, after a remarkably short pae deducting detentions at Madeira and Ascension, six days eigt hours, for coals) of 60 days 23 hours from Plymouth, which port she left on -he l0th Aug., with marines for the China squadron. The Imperador steamed 35 days and sailed with the screvr disconnected 26 days, going frequently at the rate of 9 knots under canvass braced sharp up donly * on some oscasions she logted 264 knots In 24 hours. The total consumption. of coal was 700 tons. The Liverpool and Philadelphia Company's screwsteamship Cityof Manchester arrived at Table Bay on the 2d October from England with troops, THE BEN GALEE RESiUTS oF A GA .-The following account of the massacre of the Bengalee reddents of Agra Is furnished by a native eye-witness, whose wife, daughter, and sonx-in-law have all died by the hands of the mutineers:-"On the brealing out of the mutiny the portion of the Bengalee residents had got hold of a strongly bUilt house, and, instead of throwing themselves openly at the mercy of the mutineers shut themselves up within the house. But when the place was thrown open one of the inmates placed at the feot of the mutineers all the ornaments of their women and other valuable artcles, and asked of thenr in the most piteous terms to spare their lives, But they only inquired of their female companions, and at last made out their hiding-place. The women, who had till this time stifled their feelings, now shrieked out in loud lamentations and piteous cries; but the scoundrels remained untouched, insulted them in the grossest manner, and then pot them to death. The men were also butchered, but three id escape by hiding for some time in a large hole made under the ground. Wben they emerged from their hidingplace they round all rolling in blood, but a grandson of one of the survivors was alive. This vas a babe; It had not been touched, and it was lying by the dead body of its mother, perfectly unconsoious of what had taken plac. Three of the survivors, with the babe, taking advantage of the darkness of the night, Red fromn the place, and, after suffering intolerable hardships, arrived within a few days at Benares." WXEOX OF THE STAMa MATRLO.-On Saturday morning, about 4 o'clock, the steamer Martello, belonging to the Inverness Company, ran ashore on the Carr Rock, oppoite CraiL The morning was misty, and the vessel was on her way to Granton from Inverness with a number of passengers on board. No accident, fortunately, occurred to life or limb. The attempt was made to back her off without success, and the bow Is now sunk iu deep water, noth'ing but a portion of the stern being visible. About two hours after this happened the Commodore, belonging to the Aberdeen Company, bound to Granton fromn Aberdeen, struck on the same rook, misled it is said, by the lights of tne Martello. By dint of persevering exertion the Commodore was got off, and she conveyed the passengers and crew of the other steamer to Granton. The Martello now lies where she struc}, in an exceedingly critical position, two mniles from land.-&otsman Bomun ExiLosIoN NEAR HtumxEasr-Ia).-The inquest on the bodies of Joseph Lum, machinist, and the eleven other persons killed by the explosion at UpJper Aspley M11 yesterday week, was resumed at the Guildhall, Eluddersfield, yesterday morning, before 3Mr. George Dyson, coroner. The body of Lum having been Identified, a great deal of engineering evidence was given. This evldence chiefly turned upon the questions whether the boiler had been properly constraoted and due care had boen used by those in charge of the engine. A report was read from Mr. Fairbairn, the engineer, of Manchester, in which he gave his opinion that the boiler burst,-" first, from its malconstruction in the position of the safety-valve introduced for its preservatlon ; second, f-om the negligence or ignorance of the working engineer, in closing the steamvalve on the top of the boiler, whereby the omunonicatlonbetweenthesafety valveand its interior was effectually dosed." We learn by electric telegraph that when the Coroner had summed up the jury retired, and, after an absonce of two hours, returned into court, and gave a verdict to the effect that the deceased had died from injuries caused by the explosion of a boiler, resulting from the screwing down of a stop valve placed In the top of the boiler, which cut off ill connexion with the safety valve, but who closed the valve there was no evidence to show. They condemned the combination of safety-valve and stop-valve, censuring the engineer and the proprietor for allowing It. They also reprobated the use of the boller without a safety-gauge, and considered the conduct of the person of whom it was ordered and of the proprietor highly blameable. They also expressed their strongest disapproval of the conduct of the proprietor, confessedly unacquainted with boiler in placing the management of the boiler In the hands of s person who neither from training nor skdll was qualified to undertake so onerous a duty. In concludon they recommended the formation of an aSEOciation for the prevention of boiler explosions. Poop. LIw STATisTrcs.-If we are to take the returns of the expenditure of the Worcester Union as a test of the prosperity of the district, they give a very favourable result notwithstanding the pressure on trade. The accounts for the past half-year show the total cost of indoor main. tenance to be 513. 13s. 6d., while for the corresponding F1ekiod °tf last year it wras 7091. 3s.-decrease, 19M6. 9s. 6d. aout relf in money and kind in the same period amounted to 1,1931 13L 4d. ; the amount for the coDreepondIng half-year of 1856 having been 1,3231. 8s. 2d-decrease, 12A. 14a. lOd. The reliet to the irremoveable poor abo shows a decrease of 1451. The total, expenditure for the half-year was 3.9571. 16s. ld., and for tLo oorresponding half-year of 1856 4,593. 19s. 0od.-decrease, 63 3a. 9d. A good deal of this Is to be attributed to the zodXuioe in the cost of providous. The numbez o' paupers relieved during the past half-year has been 2,262; decrese on lat years return, 190. The guardix.at of the urnion having received a letter from the Poor .txw Board,requesting tO b informed whether any pressure Oft paupersm,wa likely to arise frIn the state of the m.nsy-market5 havo just replid that no such pressure exiseA or war antiipatedin theunio~. It is a curious fact t1.at the number of outdoor poor relieved in this union In the week ending Thursday las wals ezactlw the sgmQ (1,002) as in the corresponding week
I :PrANCssFS -THEArB. The revival e,f lasti. ight was bdlled p .a most .welcor~e apperitio,. " Of, all~ the lihakp.arian dramas produced at the PrAne0ss 'Theatre,. rione i bhve miade a deePr impremion or - the .publiz mind than this fiue record of 46p1 weapes,.ind baronial turbule.nce, sdorned as lt-i3 wit a*l1-the blazonyy of the middlo ages. The'tournament, with its pompland dr. -cumstanoe; the.tapestriedchamber of JohnofGaunt, so dcmly lighted by the fire on the hearth, the "epistode," which of itself 'is a tragedy in dumb show-wre all well recollected as'effects exquisitely perfect of their.lnd and camelest night upon the audienoe as so many faimiliir acquaintances that theywere heartily gla to ee More. over, Mrs. Kean made her fimst appearance this seaSon as the Queen-, character that she has raised from an abso. late nothing into an intensely interesting personage,-,ud this alone was suclent to'costitute.anevent. The part of Richard IL holds a hih rnk among the impersonations of Mr. Chrlsi KeAn, Who has, indeed, been, the first to render the unluckiest of kings an individual 'figursin the eyes of the public. Before mr. xean under.. took to represent him Richbad was remembered rather as a .rpeechmaker upon sorrow than u a sufferng individual; but now he has become as concrete a figre of grief as any of the forms connectead with tho stage. This is to be accounted for by the principle which Mr. Kean h,s adopted in giving vitality to the character, &id by the artistic spirit in whlch he has carried out his leading idea. Far from seeldng popularity as a mere declaimer or a mere point-maker, heolsso oompletelyidentified himself wiih the part throughout that even the mnoatcelebrated speeches, although bexautifuUy declaimed, are still more striking through their admira'ble fitness to the situAtion thanas pecl. mens of elocution. Never did he speak with a nicer diserimi. nition ofthe effectato beproduced by what ise lled"r .dingj' than last rdght, w'hen he attered those grand elegies on the instability of terrestrial honouns set down for Richard in the third act. Bnt nevertheless the oratorical att'was oompletely concealed, and so thoroughly were the words impregnited with the pathos of the position that they flowed as a natural spontaneous expression of woe. The scene before Flint Castle, 'which brings the third act te, conclusion, was wrought out wdth more thin ordinary effect. EHere the humiliation of Riohard begins; in the scene preceding Le has only felt clamity. This position was finely indicated last ilight by the compliant message delivered to Northumberland as the emissary of Bblingbrooke. Ventaring on the boldest expedient for his purpose, Mr. lKean literally made Richard break down in his spetch from its utter distastefulnesw. The voice lost its power, the tongue faltered, the frxme tottered, and altogether the physical organs refmEed to comply with the degradation to which the mnind had assented. The'fourth act is familiar to all who have seen it as arepresentation of mental dejection under the mostvariedaspects. Therelsthegriefthatarisesfromasenseof debasemenat and i3 constantly inclined to boil up into rage. There is a contrary grief, that is disposed to resign itself to camity, and even luxute upon sad reflections. There Is a grief that would fain seek refuge in irony and treat lost treasures 'with contempt. And all these griefs are broognt so close upon one another that the hapless victirn, with his pate, haggard face, his tearful eye, and the wretched smile that comes and goes upon his lps, stands as one of the most highlyfinisbhedincarnationsofmis6rythntthe mindeould con celve. Labtnighttheeffy prodaced uponthe udien,ebythis scenO was most remarkable. So gradually and yet so completely had the actor enisted their sympathies that they followed, every line as if they were personally interested In the transaotion between Richard and Bollngbroke, and did not precisely know what might be the result Df the affair. Such a thorough grasp of an audience is a rare triumph for an actor.
TO TH.EB RDITOR OF THE TIZJES. Sir,-We "11 feel obliged by the insertion in the ColamiS of Dhe 1imea of the accompanyhng further correspondenco on the late incident in Rhosymedre church. __We are. Sir, your obedient servant, EDWARD WR(ITTq JOEIN POWERLT ; Churohwardens of the t parish ofRhosymedre. l' Uosymede, Ruabon, Nov. 28, " Parsonage, Rhosymedre, Nov. 19. "My Lord,-In consequenco of the conduct of the Rev D. R.. Davies, which has been presented to your Lordship by the churchwardens of this pariah, and of the deep offence such conduct has given to the congregation, I have given him notice that his services as stipendiary curate of Rhosymedxea wlli case at the expiration of six months from the present date. "I have the honour to be "Your Lordship's very humble servant. T. D). EDWARtDS. "The Lord Bishop of St. Asaph." "Parsonage, Rbosymedre, Nov. 19. "Rev. SIr,-I hereby give you notice that your services as assistant-curate of Rhosymedre church will cease at the expiration of six months from the date hereof, and you wll consider this as legal notiee to that effect. " I am, Rev. Sir, your obedient servant, " DRev. D! R. Davies." "J. D. EDWARDS." "Parsonage, Rhosymedlre, Nov. 21. "Rev. Sir,-As Incumbent of Rhosymedre and a miniI ter of the Protestant Church of England, I deem it my duty to inhibit yon from preaching or from taking any part in (the elebration of Divine service in Rhosymedre church during your further continuance In this parish. I shall myself discharge all the duties of the three services tomorrow. " I am, Rev. Sir, your humble servant, ea Rev. D). R. Davis." J. D. EDWARDS." " Parsonage, Rhosymedre, Nov. 2L ' My Lord,-I have the honour herewith to enclos a copy of a notice of inhibition which I have deemed it my duty to cause to be served on the Rev. D. R. Davies. "I have the honour to be "Your Lordship's very humble servant, TJ. D). EDWARDS. "The LordBishop of St, Asaph." " Rhosymedre, Nov. 21. "My dear Sir,-I am exceedingly sorry that yon take upon yourself the office of a bishop unless yoe are anthorized by his Lordship to do so. Are you aware that the Bishop alone can withdraw the lioense under which I act? Therefore, unless yoa showr me your authority from the Bishop, I wfi not take any notice of any of vour letters nor acquiesce in any of your decisions, bat shall officiate in the church as usad till prohibited by the Lord Bishop of St. Asaph. "lI am, my dear Sir, yours faithfuly, "Rcev. 3.3. Edwards." "3)D. R. DAVIES." "Parsonage, Rhosymedre, Nov. 22. " Rev. Sir,-You appear Ignorant that the law invests the sole command of the pulpit and desk of his own church in tho incumbent and not in the Bishop, and by virtue of such power I repeat the inhibition presented to you yesterday, and which the churchwardens have instructions to enforce. " I am, Rev. Sir, your humble servant. 3Rev. D. R. Davies." .'J. D. EDWARDS." The inhibltion was enforced, and Mr. Davies prevented from officiating. " St. Asaph, Nov. 21, 1857. " Reverend Sir -I have heard nothing from Mr. Davies since you sent hlm the notice mentioned by yon In your letter of the 19th, and know not therefore whether he acquiesces in leaving your curacy. But you are aware that the only-way by which you cau dismiss a licensed curate is by my withdrawing my license. An incumbent is not at lberty to dismiss a licensed curate merely because he wishes to do so. The lioense is the curate's protection. " There can be no doubt in this caso that the cure of souls at Rhosymedre is vested in you and not in your assisant curate, and that therefore Mr. Davies in declning to administer the cup, if you wished him to do so, has acted without authority. Bat,may Iask why you did not administer the cup yourself to any communicant whom you deemed worthy-as you did probably in the case of Mr. Davies himself ? This Is the course which, had I been in your place, I should, as far as I see, have adopted. Your real chargo against Mr. Diavies is that he declined to do that which you as incumbent wished him to do. He had no right to judge of the fitness or unfitness of any one wishing to communicate, of which you were the proper jdge; but your prop remedy was thatyoushould have administered the cup and then have omplained of him as you have now done-though- you seem to takethe law into your own hands,-for, tlUl I have heard thewhole question and what he has tosay, I cannot pretend to say whether I shall or shall not withdrarw his license. "Thave the honour to be your humble servant, " THOMfAS VOWLER, ST: ASAPE. "Rev. J. D. Edwards." o " Parsonage, Rhosymedra, Nov. 2S. " ffy Lorc,-1 beg to acknowledge your communicatlon of the 21st inst., received this morning. "The churchwardens of the parish f Rhosedr ani myself as the incumbent thereof felt oumselees bound, in the discharge of our respective duties, to cal4your Lordship's attention as the Ordinary of the diocees, not merely to an act of disobedieuce to his immediate superior, as your Lorsp anpears to apprehend, but to a ver grave eceledatleal oikence committed agast the law and'ordor of the Churcb by the stipendary cuate licensed bfsour ordip-the Rev. 3). R. Davles,-the particulars * which were in our letters dated 4th, 9th, anda}4th inst., pcede fuly In your poeses. "Your Lordship's present letter, oonveying the Intimation that you an now ready, 'to hear the whole queston and what Mr. D&vies has to. say" alaU be communicated to the tonvegatIon, and wW. serve, I trust, to allay in some .iegree tn excitement art- alarm c&used in the parih by MSr. Davies's eonduct. " Th- nittir being now in your LordEhip's hands I have, in union with the churchwardens, In deference to the above intimAtion of -ose lordship, thought it right to give noti* that a publk, meeting of the inhabitnts, adv ttlsv, to beheld investr7wth aview to expresstheir sentimw~ ea tbis Painful alrfair, -Will -not take place. iI have the honour to be, my Lord t j "LYour very humble sBorvant, " The L,ord Bisfiop of at. Aseph."
LOSS OF ZIFB. OFFe IH R N4BA UrEGOAss. A Banffshire journil contains a1.n aeount of L dil. trou= 9t,rzu which tok pl, s4 eraW Yei yk ofteir 'Oast of Banffbire. M1any £ibing.ot w ere sw±"tied and 42Lther. men were drowned. - ' It b.ppeara thiton Mondiy mo&nisg:e.ek) between 2 and O'clock. the wholb fleet of dlage boats rI Ileogitg to the villfge of nortknockie,- 14 ia apmler,- e men In each, weattoseaa usual. The men had cast their lines, and it was nieari'y th iasual tume of drawipg thew before i'tive 'sngns of a gwi tbegan, to *ppear. The atmosphere tclcsenlcg,- od-the wizd Sbiftiuz tothe north*eastS xnd every Diomenxt blowing-loudn A louder, the cre sua4re that they were to be overtakenby a gale, set to work with every possible dexterity to haul their lines. Between 2 and eo'lock the boats *hich ot sheltr in Craigentoan were coming in sighs east of Portknockie, ard Passing it to the wesg, those who were. unable to go from; onse eyeing them with doleful n4sgings as to their fator ere they xucoeeded in reaching the shore, Three boats camef 3i ghtLt nearly all at once, the Bonnio Lass the Mi ggle Souter, and the VigiUnt. They were about half a mile of the headland west of Oulen, known as - the " Scar-Nose," and fqlUy a mile £-om Pvkslmockie, from whilch their bare moats in the haze, Aiing and fallng among the wavesand the sgray, were but dihulylulble. What nnishap bad befAlen the middle one-tbb Vigilant-mnst be left to. eonjedture, but with one boat on each side of her, -she turned abont, was twisted for a l(ttle upon the crest of the smnaller surges followingthe heavy one, which, roluingmountains high, had interrupted her course, while in the next heavy sea sle was counpletely iwamped. The poor mer., throwin into the ese, cried, and for some little tiine truggled about the wrecok. Of the fourteen boats out fro-m Portkriockie, the fata var asfollows :-Seven,wereaheltered within Craignon n lost off Scar-Nose, one landed at Redhythe, one lost off' Portsoy, two landed at Porteoy (the last one about 4 6'clcuk, in extreme peril), while two ran for, and gamined,i It the boat Vigilant nine men were lost, and in the Ten. pence thesanie number. Eighteen men in the prime of life, only one beyond forty 3ears, ande all lost-, twelve of them husbands and fathers of helpless families !fi At Buckle the results of the sale were warcely less disasttrous than at Portknoclkde. N-o fewer thatL 29 large boats were out here; and, like ihe Portknookie boats, the fishermen ventured far to se. Two boats were weked and 17 lives werelost. Two boatabelonging to Buckio were lost, Besides the sacrifice of lite there has been considerable los sustained in the way of dmaRe to boats. A mnile and a-half tothe west of Btlckie hes Portgordon, a smaller village, but which also sends a goodly number of fishermen to-sea. On the fatal morning there were five boats out, al of them more or less to the eastward. When the gale came on they ran, like the others, for their own prt. Twomsnagedto get into theirownbharbour in safety. The fate of the crew of the fifth boat is untmown. Their friends waited them in all anxiety all. lon. day, but still they came not; tidings came-ofthe safety of others, bat none of their mising relatives -theirfathers, their husbands, and their brothers. The crew were far to the eastward, and never more will they reach home. How they perished is not fully known; most probably their boat was swamped. In Portgordonz there have perished, includinB Peter Geddes, nine fishermen, who have left behind them seven widows and 23 children. 'h'be foUowing is a summary of the entire losses that have oocurred within seven miles of the coast of Banffihire in a single day:- Rosem Wldows ODpbanS Pknc ,.}ie *i. .. JS ds 12 31 Bnokle..15 8 2 Porrgordon . 7 23 Totals .. .. . 2 21 29 Of the men lost, none of the Portgordon crew were members of the Shipwrecked Fishermen's Society, while only three of those loft at Buckle and three of the Port. mnockie men were members. Ata meeting of county gentlomen held on Saturday, a subscription was entered into, which realized S0l. Lord. Seafield gave 501.
THE GOLDL2 FLEECE. _.d. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We siall feel obliged, and we think your readers will be gratified, by the peblication in 27je 'meu of the accompanying correapondenoe between the Cojonel in comnnand of the troops and the Captain of the far-faned Golden Fleece. Yours trnly, CROZ;wv.v A.T fin :, ioyal Exchange-buildings, E.C., London, Nov. 30. " Steamship Golden Fleece, Calcutta, Oct. 15 My dear Captain HA1,-Our prosperous and a eeable voyage having now terminated, I trust you wil allow me not only to congratulate you upon having, I beleve, made the quickest passage between England and Calcutta on record, but also to express to you, in the name of the officers of my own regiment and those of the detachment of the 42d Highlanders, our sense of the liberal and courteous treatment that we have received while on board, aid of the consideration and good feeling evinced by yourself and all your officers in having studied in every possible way the comfort and convenience of both officers and mer;, and I have to request.that yoa will convey these sentiments to Mr. Hurst and the rest of your officers. I can safely say, after a good deal of experience, that I have never yet sailed in a vessel in whieh troops were so well accommodated and cared for as they have been in this voyage. "I have only to add that our best wishes for the pros. perity of the Golden Fleece and all on board wiU attend you wherever y go, and we hope that you may have & safe and speedy return to our native land. " Believe me truly yours, "R. D. KELY, Lieatenant.Colonel, 34th Regiment, Commanding Troops. Captain Hal, Commander, steamship Golden Fleece." "Steamship Golden leece, River Hooghly, Oct. 15. "My dear Sir,-Allow me, in the name of my officers and self to thank you very sincerely for your courteous and handsome letter of congratulatioas to us on our safe and expeditious arrival atourdestination. Be assured we fully rei procate all your kind wishes, and we feel that very mnuch of the comfort of the voyage to which you refer has resulted from the excellent displine of the troops under your command, and is also in great measure due to the ready compliance of yourself and officers with those suggestions and. regulations which we may have thougkt desirable, and which are so necessary to the orderly conduct of a shipI of this magnitude. The extraordhiary healthineos of the troops is a subject on which we may offer yoa our sincere congratulations, nor do we doubt but that the same attention to detail'which effeoteA the admirably conducted embarcation has by its continuance, in matters of order and cleauliness conurlbuted largely (IU conjunction with the ability oZ themedical offiers) to this satisfactory result. BAy theauspicdous voyage be a favourable augury for your further career, arduous though it doubtless will be L We shalt folow your movements with mush interest, and. hoping that you will bestow an occasional thought on the Golden Fleece and hbe officcrs, we unite most cordially in a-reluctant farewell anc; kindest wishes to you al. " With much esteem, I am dear Sirg yoursvery faithfully, I" JA)HNVINE HAL. "LIeutenant-Colonel Kelly, &a., Commauding Troops and 34th Regiment, Goldsn Fleece."
GREAT FIRS AT KEZKA-AfHABL.. TO THE EDITOR OF THR.TTES Slr,-As sevcral printed aeconnts,od this disastrouseveui hiave already appeared, valrying oonsiderably inw thnir minuti, hut agreeing in their ineocursoy, I think it Hghs to send yon a fewr of the principal facts, as they hAve bean. receivea from the lips of the persons immediately con- About 1 30 on the morning of Thursday, the 26tl, of November, Madame Verreau, the wife of- A French. a-tiet engaged in the hooa, was aw!veeandt alarmed' by the-:ed appearance of the curtainsof thabedroom,window. At tbat time flames were issuing from.the windows of the =,icroom (on the ground floor, and nearly in the centre ootho building) and from those rooms on the. first tnd secend floor immediately above. M%dame Verreau.immne5elzr awoke her husband and then the housekeeper. Tbh-a&rra. bell was rang and all the inmates used their utmost ezdj,s,. Yours to save as much as posdble of the farniture. It seems that about 1 1IS or a quarter of.an ho bOeE ore anyone was disturbed at KEsham, a policeman hadraised the alarm at Newark, which ls4wo, miles di3tant, and the f.,nneu there were already preyaring,to start when, they. hge the bell of Kelham. no engine arrived at 10- rni nuter ast 2 from Newark, and at Snat- time tbe whole Cdy of the building wasBin flames, and the. -d b' d fallen in. Another engine from fewark and. oine from Southwell followed soo8 after. Under the aupNzimii indence of Mr. ousfield, their foreman, the fire-br g9%in .t strove to cut off the conozlxon. between thet cIlahause And the north wing conta.ining. the servants' -Ofll~eS01hWlic b akd not yet eanaght fire anadj having obtained I kVg.nss aues fromx tke Militia embodieSaet.N-awar1g, succede.TQ ;cting that object. ~ tefsaLeep~ue o,hw About 6 o'clock .= the fi"sa v6re 90tiu -, not h ever, before thes had,. reduced a Ele.mm In to shell. The firmem untinuecitkeir exertionvanan termittingly til Saturday mo,mtng beforek being alie to. sut due the furnace-like heat oi the m Lsscd a is wbih, ",ew & feet thje0k, lad accumulats,lwithin thebuildinmg and are, still engaged at intervalsb w the engoes.as flm s,bw1 forth, ansd in watching at nigat ltt tim remain3lS sorva=s' offices should shar the general wreck, Kelham-hA1 is the gat of 116 M. II. IAnern gutton, late MP. kfrSew&r* who is at presaxtnbropA with all hi family, exeept one lie da%ugte, W). was aleepiz --in th% house at t!lw time dS thejfire, and~wynowvacfeg NaSt The house as be Xundergoing,.oi'bIre r ad im. provemOeg durh" tho past two sars, r u dieon. of Mr. George Gilbert 3 u5iect, of Jaeonj an was on the point of being ocmpltei when this meetimtoqard event look plate. A ema3 M pcetien of the fnltare, all the plat- and tb nlp potS are P1eeAd74Qethin elso is destroyed Vany reports are in cirniatlon as to tbvci efirej bie 1tis lobebl that tbee fhrwill ever ieiismi lA COUMq*QNCt& of the Magnitude of the, ec gr'6 e iYcoverei The hee and furniture ere iusar Uisn e u jVta Officeto the amount of 8,2001, bhit wMilvequraouk twiee that sum to repdr the dama * I mnst not omit to mention +m all u n t the fira deaerye the greatest prAise for *e maunar inx 'hiebx they. wIthout stint, laboured to subste thes devourvig elementi many of thn riskLeg their li o.in thi heat of .t elz zeaL Hoping that, unless you. have rcei~vd sorge vuthentia aooqunt of the affair, you. wiU lnXa~rS tba in Oita 95 your earllest numbers, I remain, Sir, tour suost, obedient servant!, v. kL. no-wox, I
FOBBIGN INTELLGBENOB. RAiME. (momM ou0 OWN COBPOND3.) $& QorHOR of tha following APP.aOd li our odnd U O ssierdiv :--I1 PARIS, BUNDAT, Nov PARIS,S%DSY NOV.29, 6 r.sr. A telegraphic despatch from Madrid was received at 2 o'clock this morming at the Spani EmbaW in Pario, announcing that the Queen vas safely delivered of a son at half-past 10 o'clock last nig,ht (Saturday). The Prince will, of course, beawr the title of Prince of the Asturlas, and the elder child, a daughter, now about five years old, will be simply Infants of Spain. Count Platen, lately named Miniter of Sweden at London, has just arrived in Paris, where he intends to remain eight or ten daya. He has come diect from Berlin, where, it is said, he was charged with a mission to the Prince RoyaL The Mo.iteur of yesterday announced the nomination of IL Dupin to the rank of Senator. It is said that th's was the great object of hls ambition. There will not be much occasion for displays of eloquence in that dignified and silent body, butlt will go hard with him if he does not find some subject, great or small, for the exercise of his sarcam. The Moniteur of to. day contains the anccount of the installation of ML Vaisse as President, and MX Dupin as ProcureurGeneral, of the Court of Cassation. It also gives the addresJ of the new Procureur, which is, I suppose, the best defence oI the conduct he har thought proper to follow; and the reply of the first President,M. Troplong,who, among other things, declares that "' the non-periodical press is in the same state it has been in since 1830, and that each citizen is at liberty to publish his opinions, his grievances, and his complaints." M. Dupin will probably occupy In the Senate the place left vacant by the Marquis de Pastoret, who had been the admninistrator of the property of the elder branch of the Bourbons, as M. Dupin was of the younger, before he " modified" his opinion and accepted office under the Imperlal rgime. MI. Dupin gives a grand dinner to-day. Among the guests are the Archbishop of Parls, the Minister of Justice, the Presidents of the Senate and the Corps Legislati+, the Presidents of the Court of Cassation, the Cotir Inperiale, and the Tribunal de Premibre Instance. It is yet doubtful whether the Republican deputy for Lyons, M. Henon, will take his seat in the Chanber. His constituents desired that he should do so, and his place is marked in the Chamber; this looks as if he were disposed to comply. Yet he did not present himself yesterday among the Deputies, nor did he announce his resignation. MU. Carnot and Goudchaux urged him to follow their example, and resigu his seat. M. Migeon, who"e election as Deputy for the aut-Rhin has acquired a notoriety from the proceedings instituted against him in the beginning of last month, has gent in his resignation as member of the Corps Legislatif. That these proceedings were prompted by a spirit of vindictivenes public opinion has, rightly or wrongly, decided. Had M. Migon been defeated, instead of having beaten the Government nominee, it is probable that the prosecution would never have been heard of. Whatever his merits or demerits, success was, in the eyes of authority, his greatest, perhaps his only, offience. The followilng is the letter addressed by him yesterday to x. de Morny, announcing his resignation. In the offlcial report of the proceedings as given ia the Mcrniteu4r the letter is not noticed: " Paris, Nov. 28. "M. le Presldent,-In attacldng my oleotion it was my person that was aimed at. In reality it is the Corps Legislatif that has been degraded, the electors of the third electoral dstriot of the Haut-Rhin, who have been offended in their honour, their independence, and their dignity. " Not to feel for the just susceptibilities of my friends would be to diregard the high testimony of sympathy with which I have been honoured, to fail In what I owe to my honourable colleagues, and what I owe to myself. "I beg, then, bL le President, to plae my resignation as Dyputy to the Corps Legislatif in the hands of your Ezceliency, in order to present mysalf again to the electors. I tst that the wishes of the population freely exprossed may be followed by the oblivion and the oalming down of passions. " Permit mo, hL le President, to offer to your Excellency the homage of my respect. "Count MIG-iON, Member of the Council-Goneral of the Haut-Rhin. "To the President of the Corps Leglsatif." It would appear, then, that M. Migeon is determined to reappear on the same ground where, in spite of the official machinery brought to bear against him, he has already triumphed. If he succeeds, the triumph will be all the greater from the extreme measures adopted by the authorities; if he fails, public opinion will attribute It to intimidation pushed to excess; but in any case the Government will gain little by the experiment. A second and more complete edition of the trial at Colmar has just appeared. M. Migeon desired to distribute it among his colleagues in the Corps Lepgislatif, but I understand that the distributlon to that independent body has been prohibited. Copies have been sent, however, to the private residences of the members The matter will not rest here. IL Migeon, It is said, is determined to take legal proceedings againit the Prefect of Police for defamation. To do this it is necessary to procure the permission of the Council of State. The demand, in which he is joined by his family, has been addressed to that body. It remains to be seen whether it will have spirit enough to grant it against so high and so formidable a public functionary. It may be remembered that, in order to secure the condemnation of M. Migeon, the Prefect of Police was caUed upon for information respecting the private life of the accused. The Prefect communicated, without delay, the following curious report :_ " .L Ngeon is a man wvithoi delicacy, anbitioum, and incapable of raanagring his affairs. His wife, belonging to a wealthy family of Marseilles, has retired to a oonvent. His mother has disinherited him. M. ligeon has devoted himself to suspicious speculations (specuZations Tererses). A person named Jarry, a broker, caused him to be 'executed' (that Is, in Bourse phraseology, to sell his property) for a sum of 6,000f., and one Dubols for 28,000f. He repudiated this debt on the ground of the law not recognizing gambliug obations. It was at tho pressing sodictation of K de biorny that he offered to Dubols 6,OOOf., with which he thus paid a debt of 28,000f. by threatening his debtor to bringhim before the Police Correctional Court. M. Nigeon is a notorious maker of dupes at the Bourse. He had his face slapped in the Passage de VOpera by Mi. Davesme, now a stockbroker, though this fact has not been rlarly proved. His position has been most precarious. Hs horses and carriage have been sold. The chateau of Morvillars and the ironworks are mortgaged, M. Migeon recovered for a moment by means of speculations in lanud But now he hAs no other resource than his allowance as Deputy." The facts stated in this curious document were on the spot indignantly denied by M. Migeon, his counsel, and the law agent of his family; and then and there the counsel for the defendant declared that the person who gned it should be proceeded against for defamation. It is curious to find among the criminal charges brought against a man, " want of delicacy, ambition, and inability to manage his affairs;" to find a document on command furnished to the Prefect by one of the secret police, whose business it is to pry into private lIfe, and who, when materials are wanting, fill up the blanks by inventions) dresed to the taste of their employers. That suich a document, its authenticity unproved, and those who " dished" it not subjected to exaanation, should be produced in a court of justice by a law officer of the GovernMent, in order to act upon the minds of the judges and secure the condemnation of the aused, is a disgrace to all concerned. It is alleged that the Procureur exceeded his powers by reading it publicly in court; the police authorities only meant that it should be communlcated privately to the Judges. If the Councl of State grant the permission demanded, and the Prefect of Police be prmcede against for slander, some very curious disclosures may follow as to the real motive for closing the Corps Legislatif against the obnoxious Deputy. A duel was fought yesterday in the Wood of Vincennes between a French militarymn and a Neapolitan Baron. It terminated fatally for the Neapolitan. The weapons were swords. A son of General Lamoriclere has just died in Paris. As soon as the Emperor heard of his ilues he at once ordered that passports should be given to the Genera], and authorization grauted to hm to return to France, wzithout any condition 'whatever. Unfortunately, the boy died before the falther had time to avail himself of the permission. AUSTlARIL (rnosr ouV3 ow2 ooBrno" nNT,) VIENRA, Nov. 26. An important fact relative to the folstein-Lauenburg question hs this morning coNae to my knowledge. BothPrsa and Austrihave determined not to permit any of the European Powetor to interfore between the Bund and its refractorynMeber, the Duke of Holstein and Iauenburg; and this display of resdution has given the greatest possible satisfaction to all the second-rate Germau Statee. it It eyldent that the Bund has suoooded in getting U Ito courage to what is familialy caled 'I tca stiUg1place ;" but the fire which is now burning go fier6ely at Fakfort i of straw, and wi do no damab if the foreign diplomraxttsrefrainfrom addin fuelto it. The exploaion at Mayenoe is likely to give plenty of occupation to the Bund, for German learned in the law have already declared that the Confederation is bound to indemnify the inhabitant3 of the Federal fortress for any losthey may have sustained. The Bund maintains that it is not bound to do so, but atill its Military Committee has offered to purchase the so-ealled " Old Kaatrlob," and to pay the full value of all the buildings which it formerly contained, and a mixed commission (civians and military men) hau been appointed to examine into and report on the dmage done to private property ay the explosion. It is no longer doubted that Wimmer, the Austran artilleryman, purposely blew, up the powder magazine. TwroPrusa non-commissioned officers sawF the man looking out of an opening In the roof of the towrer between 2 and 3 o'clock on the 18th instant, and some of his comrades recollect to have heard him say he would so revenge himnelf for not having been promoted in his tum that his name should be in the mouths of people a hundred yews hence. At first It was -eported that Wlmmner had fled, but it is now said that his body wvas found in the Rhine on the 22d inst. Anthony Ernest, the Lord Bishop of Brbinn, has just edified the faithful in this empire by announcing that "the oil of St. Walburg*" posseses miraculous powers. The right rev. shepherd does not inform his flock what kind of fluid the oil in question is, but he certifies that a girl in an institution kept by "the Daughters of Christian Charity" did on a certain day kis a bottle containing the aforesaid oil, and was immediately cured of an lnflammation of the eyes, which was so violent that she was almost blind. The Biehop was so much struck by this that he ordered the Daughters of Christian Charity for ever to keep holy the 7th of November, that being the day on which " the miracle " was performed. It ix said that some heretica writer In Germany has dared to call the Daughters of Chritlian Charity in Briinn impostors, and the Very Rev. Anthony Ernest a oredulous old gentleman. A few days since the theological department of the University of Innsprack was intrusted to seven folowers of Ignatius Loyola and Baron Moy. The Rector Magn'lus displayed his eloquence on the occaon. After affirming that the introduction of the Jesuits was "a chivalrous act" on the part of His Majesty, M. von Moy spoke as follows: "This is a messure the consequences of which it is Imposdble to foresee, for it is a dedsive rapture with all the narrow-minded traditions of former times. By this step Austria proves that she is firmly resolTed to mdaintain the princple of freedom of thought for all Who does not know the prejudics which have been so artifiCally raised against an order that is so higlz ¶prored by the Ohurch d ohly dstguishdbthYal Chair? The fact that the theological faculty in Ispruck has been intrusted to snh anuoi D anealerder ig a shomageypainb Austria to Rome." After speaking in the same strain for about halfan-hour, the Tyrolese noble concluded by slaying:" The appointment of the Jesuits at Inns pruck is more than a chlivalrous, it is a truly imperial act, and all sincere Catholics in the world will acknowledge It to be such." Father Schweitzer, the Provincial Director of the Je3uits, also spoke at length, and highly eulogized Peter Canisius, who made his d&but in Germany in 1560. The " Provinal" promised that the fathers under his care should tread in the footsteps of their predecessors, and "s hould endeavour to do as much as they had done." Prince Daniel of Montenegro has sictly prohibited all intercourse between his subjects and their Turkish neighbours. The petty tyrant becomes more suspicious from day to day, and most unceremoniously removes the heads of the persons whom he hates or fea from their shoulders IHe has not yet forwarded to the Pasha of Scutarl any part of the tribute which he received from the people of Wassojevitsch. In the course of lsst week 17 Montenegrins were decorated with theDaniel Order. The Cattaro correspondent of the Oesterreichische Zeibung observes, that the blood of the Prince's victims had hardly had time to dry on the hands of some of the persons who were decorated. NovBimnn 27. The representatives of England, France, and Austria at the Court of St. Petersburg having requested Prince Gortachakoff to explain what was meant by the notice which he had iued relative to the Russian ports on the Asiatic coast of the Black Sea, that Minister replied that the measure i 'was merely provisionaL As soon as the neces. sary Custom-houses, police-offices, &c., have been established all the ports on the CaucsiLan coast will be open to foreign merchantnen, bt for the moment they can only be admitted to Anapa, Suchua lraleh, and EGe out Kapeh. The foreign Ministers are underhood to have declared that they wres satisfiedt ith th explanation iven. The Grand Duke of Mesne, who has been to Mayence to visit his unfortunate subjecty, has promited to demnand an indemnification from the Bund, and to do al in his power to induce it to order the removal of all large quantitie,S of powder from the immnediate neighbourhood of the city. hne Austrian Archdukes have sent h,OOOfk. for the relief of the sufferers at Mayence, and very considerable sums, have been contributed by private individuals. Baron Sina, whose name is rarely missing when suffering humanity requires aassitance,has subscribed 3,000rI Alarge key, which isverymuchbent;,hasbeen found iu the "Stephanshof" at Mayence, bat it ir not yet known whEether It is the key to the powder magazine, which the Austrian artilleryman, Wimmer, is believed to have taken out of the room of the captain of the Artllery. The heaviest stone carried into the city weighed 1,3621b. It fell into a room in the house of MM Hensey, which was occupied by Lieutenant-Colonel Hauffateugel, a Prussian officer. It may be remarked that the word "i whstrach," which so often occurs in the variour accounts given of the explosion, is a mutilation of the Latin word "ScMatrk,uVn" (fort, or intrenched camp). The Second Chamber of the Grand Duchy of Baden has, requested Government to support the petiion for indeprnification which the city of iayence has addrer,sed to the Bund. The Archduke Ferdinand Max. and the Archduchess Charlotte are stllm at Trleste, but It ms espected that they will return to Venice, where trade is languishing, although there ase many strangers in the city. The Lachduke Gover0ore General, who is careful to provide for the amusement of the people, gave a " tombola" on the Place of St. Marks, at Venice, on the 22d inst. The weather was cold and foggy, but prizes of the value of 5,500 lire were to be drawn, and consrequently the "~ many-headed" wfas in excellent spirits. Great depression prevails in the Lombard cities and it h but natural that such should be the case. The silk crop was a failure, and firns of great importance would have fallen if assistance had not been givenF them. The remark will also apply to some Vfienna houses. The war flotilla on the Lakes of Maggiore anld Garda will be entirely done away with, and the Danubian flotilla is to undergo a very considerable reduction. You have already heard from me that a great part of the extraordinary expenditure for the aay has been causedbythe expensivebulldlngs which have recently been constructed for warlike purposes, and we now learn from Venice that a very large arsenal has just been built at Riva, on the Lake of Garda. As a matter of course, the arsenal wil be of no use whatever to. the State when the war steamers have been done away with. The deficit will not be entirely got rid of in the year 1858, but it will certainly be much less than it was ia the military year 1857, as the whole outlay for the army and navy will not exceed 100,000,000 formns. Several of the taxes have been raised, and the Minister of Finances calculates on getting next Year 2,500,000 forls more on beer, 2,000,000 more on spirits of wine, 2,000,000 more on sugar, and 1,000,000 more by the stamp duty on newspapers, than he has done in this t I is definitively settled that no payments are to be made by the holders of the new Austrian Railroad shares until the year 1859. TheTheiss and Elizabeth (Vienna-Linz) Railroad Companies will be allowed to raise the 25,000,000 foris which are necessary for carrying on the works by memns of preference sha e connected with a lottery. It is understood that when the new currency is introduced the national debt and the salary of the Government emp4oy, WMll be raised B per cent., or thereabouts. A great reduction is about to be made in the pric of telegraphlo despatehesin the Austro-Germannion. 20 ords will coat 36 kreutzers Austrian curren per zone, and each succeesive ten words 1S kreuter. At present the despatehes are either single, double, or triple; a single despatch consist of 25, a double of 60, and a t;riple despatch of 100 words. Assasinaion s somuchin vgue t An o r~ta it is seriously contemplated to proclaim the sate of liege again. ,hort time on London is 10.39 forlms to-day, and the premium on silver 9j per cent. PRUSSIA. The Bank of Prussia has bee empowered by the Dinister of Finance to adrance loans on merchandise. A Royal decree of the 27th inst. suspends for three months all iegai redtrictIoM ou the rate of interst. A letter from Berlin says, the firm of Joel, of Dantaic, has suspended its payments. The amount is $3,000,000. HAMBURG. (mROM OUR OWN oORRSPoSnmDj.) HA.MBURG, NAv. 2B. The freehold burgeswes of this city assembled yesterday morning, in consequence of an unusually short summons from the Senate, to receive and consider important and extraordinary proposas relative to the measures of relief deemed necessary to be afforded to the mercantile and trading commniiity under the existing crisis. After being made acquainted with these proposal -which were simply "that a mum of from 10 to 15 millions of marks banco should be granted to the Government, in the shape of Exchequer notes or in ready money, for the purpose of mking advances upon goods not of a perlshable description, or upon State securities, to be repaid (verfaUbar) at the latest by the end of July, 1858, such advances to be from 50 to 66 O per cent. of the respective values of such goods and State securities ,"the burgenses retired to their respective parishes to vote, and by 3 o'clock they mnanimoly decided in favour of the Senatorial proposal. Many, however, were for an amendment to the effect that the sumbe altered to 20,000,000, conIdering that a less amount would scarcely sufice to meet the emergency, but refrained from propolng it, fearful of cauing any unnecessary delay in the efforts to restore confidence to the public mind, and which I am happy to say have had the desired effect to a considerable extent. A committee of men of high standing in the commercial community will at once be formed to draw up the best plan to administer the relief thus afforded; but in some quarters a wsh has been expressed that the issue of notes to the amount in question, or to a greater extent even, and bearing a certain interest, had been proposed by the Government as current banco paper, by which a more imn mediate and direct relief would have been given, and the placing under lock and key of the pawned goods might have been avolded. However, all are o' pin 'on that "something Is better than nothing"' unds.. present circumstances As many as 56 firms have decided upon redeeming their acceptances due In from one week to a month from the present time,and many among them without even deducting any interest for the time wanting to arrive at maturity, othera again merely takdng a snall nominal Interest. The Director of the Austrian Credit Bank, M. Sciff, arrived yesterday in this city, in order to take 1,000,000 of bills, long or short, out of the market, which will contribute also to relieve some houses from the extreme presure from want of banco; and in consequence ofthis, and other favour. able circumstances occurring almoat hourly, the feeling of the public mind is beginning to assume greater tranquillity. The Committee of the " Credit Discount Societyl" has been extremely active, and the numiber of applI. canto to have their paper stamped by them very coniderable. The bills tamped, however, by the Committee are very carefully selected, for any bearIng the least impres of irregularity upon them are promptly refused. M. Charles Heine has received the amount of a million and a half banco in silver from Paris, and Messrs. T. H. Merch and Co. expect an immediate supply of another million of banco in silver roubles from Rusia, which are required to support the present banco circulation here. The iwo firms of Carl Heine, of this city, and 0. H. Donner, of Altena, have laid a joint embargo on the steamer Levant, in our harbour, to support a claim of 300,000 marks banco which they have upor; the firm of Mesnrs. Naylor, Viclkars, and Co., the vessel being reported to belong to that house. Letters from Berlin, alluded to in the Haodselblatt of this city, mention the uspenson of the corn house of Hirsch, Moses, and Co., of Stettin. This failure is to the amount of 1,500,000 thalers, and promise very little ffects remaining for the creditors. I have heard from other very reliable sources that no less than eight different fim have suspended payment in Stettln, and no less than 36 houses in Berlin, among -which is one to the amount of 1,400,000 thalers. For the last three days there have been no failures at all, and in the whole only 22, the majority of which by no means involve any large sums, being unim. portant houses, and some of them engaged In. "kiteflying," on which account they have been allowed to fall unaided.
UNIEYBSITY IXNTELLIGENCE. CAMRRTDO,F Nv'y -f At an adjourned meeting of the Senate, held this day in the Art School, the proposed new statute for Sir Wiliiam Browne's medals for the beat Greek and Latin epigram was discussed. Clause 2 allows the deviaton from the Sapphio metre which has hitherto been observed. Professor PneYM objected to this proposal. There was, iu his opinion, great advantage in adhering to the same metro; and Mr. G. WILAS, of Ein,gs, agreed in this view. Clause 4 declares that candidates shall not be required to de3iver two exerclses, one in Greek and one in Latin, but the medal be given alternately in one year for the best Greek epigram, and the next year for the best Latin epigram. Professor SELWN entered a vehement protest against this in a brilliant and witty spesch, replete with the most apt classical quotations. It was said there was great dliii. culty in deciding vhen the samcecaudidatoehad to send in two exercises, one In Greek and the other in Latin. The beet Greek exercise might have a very inferior lAtin com. panion, and vice rei'sa. The merits of the two epigrams were never th same, but he could not consent to divorce the Greek and Latin. The founder's will was a prize for the best Greek and the bestTatin eplgram; and these might not always be found together. He would make this propoition for the consideration of the cenate:-LetGreekanclj.tineol. grams be sent in As heretoforo, but in separae, wth sepaante mottoes - if the two beat belongeto the same writer he would Lave the priza; but if to different parties then let the prize be divided. He then prodn a printed coPy of eplrms describing the effect of the proposed binnial disributioin, and upon Which he made some very Witty remarks. He thought the proposed soheme would go forth as a proof of degeneracy,-in remote futurity when digin about the foundations of those schools there would be exhumed the bones of ancient academlos, some of larger dimensions than others, when it would be discovered that theywerethe double epigrammen of former ages. Sir Willlam Browne, as a physican, knew the value of a good laugh, and when he had had one in Greek he wished for another in Latin-" Laughter holding beth his sdes ," bum under the proposed statute it would be " Laughtr holding one of his sides." However, the most serious argument was the distarbance of the foundeirswill, who was anxious for the study of poetry, and particularly of Marlia. This appeared by reference to his codicil. He thought if the statute wee adopted It would be the only imstance of our going backwards, The epkgram had A most beneficial effect; they sharpened the wita of nmen, and , among many intances he could mnenfion, h would ngle out his own brother, the Bishop of New Zealnd, who, a3 a youth, had no turn that Way libt to Whom d, vho,as study had been most benefical In one ta" t he Nwr Zeahfnders brandished their axes in his fa% and Accused him of snngfor more soldiers. HiS answer Was, "1Yo a are perfectly Tiht ; I have sent for mnore soldier, and here they are" pointing to several fresh Cl6Wmen who had just landed-" there are my soldiers." He concluded by express ing a hope 'hat no grace of the Senate or resolution of the CommIssioners would separate the epimrams. Mr. FiLn,D, of St. Xohn's, supported the views of Profes. sor Selwyn. The GRuEEK P"RoyMRs said he had niever stated his opinion on the matter. He thought it was not large enough to legislate upon-a pin so small thAt the truk of the conncil could not pick it up. He took Profeor Selwyn's view, and he would leave the matter as Sir W. Browne had 1&. G. WILLIAMS supported the dvsion of the prizs as Professor Sdewyn had suggested. Profe3Sor PRYm said he couldnot we the d-nl 1 competition reuirlng two epigrms He f n inf a in makdng twro his own case, and he a three timebeen caled In to assis in deciding the prize for the medals, and he then founad no diflculty. The YIcE-CECcELLo3R sadd whatever n lghi be the resulb of the discussion, the members of the Senate would not regzet it, as it had brought out the speech of Profesm6r Sel wyn, which he had istenod to with much pleaure. The remainder of the diswudon related to the NorAsian, M1altland, and Burney Prizes, the qfueon beirg whether a successful candidate should be allowed to compte again, Mfr. DiXON argued At pet length aginst it, And Er. Pors said hIs y?ung friends were ofte deterred from competing from tnis cause. The Senate meets again on Wodnesday to consider the tIpends of theprofessors. dThere will be a congregation on Thursday for conferring degrees
THR UNITED BrATE. I (0ORON(r ac oua owxOiD NEW YOREE, Nov. 17. When the unsuccessful Rep year, in framing their "platform," resolveA that polygamy and slavery were twin relics of barbarism, they meant only, as to the former institution, to throw out a bait to catch the vote of the important State of Californla, and little thought how much trouble they were preparlng for Mr. Buchanan. The Saints of the Great Salt basin took in earnest what the politicians of the Mississippi Basin intended for political capital only, and made preparations to set at defiancetheauthoritiesof thoFederal Government. Early in the spring the administration of justice by the Federal judges was substantally stopped by an act of violence. Bowie knives were dravn in court, daggers pointed at the district attorney, and revolvers placed at the head of the Federal judge. Since that time the power of the United States has been set at defiance. Relying upon their distance, upon the small force at the disposition of thePrealdent, and upon the domestic dissensions that divide the PhiliAtine States of the Atlantic, the dwellers in the new Canaan have not hesitated to proclaim their deternination to resist auy force that may be sent against them with all the means in their power. They have been manufacturing revolvers and other munitions of war. Their leaders have assiduously preached that any interference by the Federal Government with their institutions is a persecuting attack upon the religious faith of the elect, and they seem at last to have resolved to establish an imperitm in imperio, and to snap their fngers at Mr. Buchanan and the other Gentiles at Washington. In the Sprlng a force was despatched to the Salt Iake City, ostensibly for the purpose of looking, after the Indians in that quarter, but really to watch the Mormons. When it reached Kana the civil dissension then prevailing there made it advisable that the force should be detained until the elections were over, and the question of slavery or freedom settled. It was accordingly detained there until about sx weeks since, when, the fate of the territory being determined, the force was ordered forward. They moved on toward the Rocky Mountains. The course of the march was by the Indian trail from Fort Leavenworth, on the Missouri border of Kansas, up the Platte River, to Fort Laramnie; and thence the proposed route wra3 to be by the pass crossed by Stanabury in his expedition made in 1852. Fort Leavenworth has become well known since the "difficulties" in ansnas drew attention to that country, though I question whether before that time many persons In New York would have known where to place that outpost on their maps. Fort Laramfe is about 650 miles further west up the Platte river. It was originally one of the posts established by the American Fur Company for the protection of their trade, and was sold by that company to the United States. It is a rude unpretending structure built of unburnt bricks, situated in a desert, of which it forms almost the only green cultivated spot for many days' journey -at least so the travellers report-and is rather less than three weeks' journey from the south pass, and somewhat more than a month's journey, travelling with waggons and trains, from the Great Salt Lake City. Moving without the heavy encumbrance of military baggage the trip could probably be made in less time. The advices from the expedition are under date of October 22, from Fort Laramie, and are anything but favourable to the success of the enterprise. The advance force was under charge of Colonel Albert Johnston, of the 2d Cavalry. This had moved 230 miles beyond Fort L araiie, and was alreudy in snow to the depth of seven inches. Their corn was failing, there was no grass, and the horses were repeating the dreadful experience of the Crimea. But, worse than this, the train of waggons in the rear of this force, which seem by some unaccountable negligence to have been left entirely unprotected, had been attacked by the Mormons and entirely destroyed. Brigham Young had informed Colonel Alexander that he must not advance further Into the territory. Colonel Johnston was collecting his forces together, without a possibility, as wras supposed, of mustering over 1,000 men. The St. l;ouis Repulican remarks upon this news,- 'There was, probably, never before any portion of our army subjected to suoh privations, and to whom the future preseats such a gloomy pirtare, as is the aseat present with the army for Utah." This news, which comes by prlvate express, does not seem to be fully creditedat Washington, because no official despatches have been received from Colonel Johnston ; but I can see no reason to doubt lIs accuracy. The Mormons have thus taken the initiative in hostilities. Brlgham Young seems to feel his strength. Yet he continues to call in his forces from all the outposts, as if he dreaded the conflict. There are all sorts of rumours afloat as to his purposes-that he means to show fight, that he means to go to the Sandwich Islands in the spring, &c., all of which show that he is a shrewd man and keeps his own counseL The "bread riots," as they were ambitiously called, that made so much commotion in New York last week have not been heard of since. My own estimate of the character and purposes of the mob has been justified byresults. TheFederaltroops have retired from the basement of the Custom-house to their more comfortable quarters orL Governofs Il and, the militia officers have taken off their gold and resumed the accustomed pen, the labourers themselves have found that threats are not the best means to get aid, and the ravings of a crazy woman are all that is 'Ieft of the present excitement. The real suffering has not yet begun. The stock-market continues to show increased activity, with advancing prices. This is mainly owing to the news by the Arabia-unexpectedly favourable. I do not think that the general improvement is so great as the results at the Board of Brokers would leadone to suppose. The pressure for money among the dry goods houses is still great. The Bank statement for the week shows an unexpected contraction in loans. The footings are- Capital ... - . .. ... $63,519,000 Loans ... ... ... ... 95,239,247 Specie ... ... ... ... 19,451,966 Circulation .. ... ... 6,258,652 Deposits ... ... ... ... 72,592,645 A month ago the suspeneion took place, with $5,500,000 specie In the vaults. Since then $14,000,000 has been added; the St. Louis has just arrived with $1,760,000; the Ariel Is expected with a large amount more, all of which will appear in the next statement. The city banks might resume to-day, but the country banks are not quite ready for the resumption. The financlal results of the month expose the stupidity of the management that brought rumi upon so many of the merchants of New York. The morning papers report, under the head of telegraphic news, that the Minister from the present Government in Nicaragua is to be received by the President, and that an arrangementis to be made for protecting the Isthmus against Filibusters' attacks.
PIymouw, Monday.-The Norihfileet, Captain B. Freeman, belonging to Messrs. Dnnbar, of London, arrived here yesterday from China. She has a full cargo of tea, silk, and Government stores, above 140 naval and military invalids, and the followingpassengers:-Captain and lloyd and child, Paymaster Welsh, Lieutenant Smith, RLN., Drs. Nevin, ea, and Austin, and Messrs Bruce, Greory, Fothergill, Ash, Fidab, Dennison, and Bowman. e Northfleet left Hongkong August S, touched. at Anjeer September 9, and at St. Eelena October 22. The Joseph Fletcher, Captain Pook, sailed yesterday with assengers for New Zealand. The Heather Bell, Captain arrens, from London, called in at Plymouth Sound yesterday afternoon at 5o'clock, embarked amal, and at 8o'clock sa=ed for Hobart Town, Tasmania. The screw steamship General Williams, Captain M'Millen, from London, arrived here yesterday evening, ind, after embiarking Mr. Montapue and family, is appointed to sail this afternoon for the Cape of Good Hope. Wind easterly - blowing strong. SaRious AccuDE N.-On YRday evening, about 6 o'clock, as Ilss Miles, sister to Mr. P. W. S. Miles, formerly member for Brlstol, and half-sister to Mr. W. Miles, MYP. for East Somerset, was returning to Ringsweston Park from Bristol, an accident of a very serious character occurred. On arriving at the hill leading to the lodge entrance of the park the coachman passed the park gate, and, discovering his mistake, turned the horses sharply, and in so doing overturned the carriage on to a bank. Miss Miles, who was the only person Ainside the crriage, had her hand severely cut by the breaklng of One of the windows- but, assistance being steedily procured from the lodge, she was extricated withou further injurr. The footman who was on the box, sustained a severe concussion of the brain; and the coach. man, who fell on the footman (the carrlge coming upon both of them), sustaned severe internal iWnjrie, and his life Is despaired of. At the time of the occurenco of the accidenrt Mr. Charles Greig, surgeon of Brifaol, bap. pened to be pasing, and he rendered valuable assistnce to the sufferers, wrho were shortly afterwards attended by Mr. RendelL the family surgeon. The coachman is said to bs a remarkably steady man, and has been in the service of the Miles family for many years.
LAW REPORI. COUR1T OF Q17RF-N,S BENCH. WET32STYR. 1nv- q/ flARLX V. 1tARIAWrAn"- ;{iRitigs at N4i Prius, befor lord CAMPBELL and COmOm I Jruw.) Mr. Atherton, Q.O., and Mr. Bettpearea for the pantiff, and Mr. Hawkins for the detendanth The plaintiff in this action, I. B. Harle, was an attorney practisng at Leeds, and h. sued the defendant, R, Buraclough, a butchers of Bradford, to recover the sum of 301., under a count which alleged that ho hd delivered two bills of exchange to an attorney named Foster, to be negotiated on his own account, and that they had been endorsed to the defendant upon the terms that ho should pay 1W1. down and the balance, 2-., Iin s.fortnight. There were also counts in tzover and detinne. The plaintiff's eas was proved by Foster, an attorne at Bradfotd, who stated positively that ha hd dellvre the bills to the defendant upon the terns alleged In tho declaration, and not on the terns ruggeeted by the defendant. The defenceca thatthe bills wrere given by Foster to tho defendant, not upcon the terms stted, but in respecli of a sumd of 301. which Pioster ou"ght to have paid to the defenda. t Lord CASWJSELL, in summing up, said there was a JXeCt conflict of evidence between Foster and the defendan44 and that their Terdict would depend upon whether tbisy gave credit to the one or the other. The jury found a verdict for the defendant. DINGLZY V. JMRBOLD. Mr. Hwkis apared for the plalntin4 and Mr. Serieant Thoman and edr. bfor the drefendant. Tid a'so Mri The ulaintiff In this action, Edward Dingley, was in part. nerahli with a person named Hall, and theytogether cArried ox business under the tyle of h dThe Grosvenor Lan SDoiety,' and bad an office at the Grosvenor Arms Grosovenor-street, Bond-strt. The plaintiff sued the defendant, VilliamEBlanchard Jerruld, as endore of tbh of exchange for 21, at three monthe wbloh had been acoptedby the defendant, and endorsed by tvhe drawer, a man named Edmands,hto the plaintli i The defendantleed andenial of the endorsement of the bll to the plaintiff, and Hs paid 61. 10a. into court. Evidence was given by the plaintiff that the endorsemaent wAs in the handwriting7hf ldAsntd. Edmands was then called by the defendant, and stated that in June last the dsfendant wanted a little raoney, and aooepted the bM in pestion, and gaveit to him to tdsscounted. He acordintly took it to the ainv'tiff a the `Grosvenor Loan-office" and he agreed tdiount it, cbar&ig 4!. for discount, and inquires as to the hi nuinene.f the bGi and responsibility of the acptor. Edmanda called a second time for the mioney, and was told bythe planltff that he had not yet betble to iee the dO. fendantg but at Edmandsls request for gae him 6!. ot acount. bedmands again saw theoplaintiff and aked him for the balance, but the plainf id he could not go agai his rule, and as he h not yet een the defendant he could not let him havae it. oedmands son after became baenkrup and had never got from the plaintiff more than sben6onrespect of this ill which he had handed to the defendant, On cross-examiJnation Edmands maid he ha once boenth lvent, btthhadpaid20. in the pound, andthat he ws now in the habit of trveling through the country as hnppectr to various inrsuaine offies. He whad pecuniar trin cionswiththedefendant,andlent him money, and ad got bills discounted for him.- Did not give the defendant the 61. at the time,as he wuasoing out Of town. Did not tell the plaintiff that ths bill had beet asetredty theco defndantei acknowltedgmsent aoftsome lint heryaslaemsta eertoedove himage Dir benot givenst thebilt the laitiff as scurity for thed two bilPrls -s prd cd fo of.an 7!. 12s.,whichthe plain dtiff held.H d swnc gsvnd ther6k trotn the defenant. ana iari<>bteue5teutcoesnefr hi andthe thedwr pDingley, the m.ltlff was then called.' He stated that he held two securities forhad anda 1s. uponwhich Ed- tands amd two other persons were jointly and severa ll liable to him for money which he (Dlingley had advaced and that the bill In pesiuo wha given to i by Eamauds po athe termsthat t should be taken in dishae of Edinands'sliabriliky on the two other bills and that Edmandhs should have 61. in aenh, and allow plaintiff 31. for disount and nrves. All this was arranged at a meeting of " the Board, held at "the Grosvenor Ln Soolety's-offie," at "The Groevenor Arms." It appeared that the ai kntiff formed one-half of the so. oletyi; and ir. Hell, tee other half, was csaled to support bis evidence. r. Govier, " the secretary to the board," was also called to prove the same facts; and from his statemeat it appeared that he acted as the paid secretary of Dingley and Hall, who between them formed the socety, and that the money was advanced out of their joint fhnds, and that the bil was handed over to Dingley and Hall, who were both p resent. At the close of the case, Mr. Serjeant THsOSAs submitted that upon this evidence the defendant's plea was proved-vir., that the bill was not endorsed to the plbantiff Ding;ey. The money was the money of the partnership and the b p was endoreed to it, and both the partnrso tt to have sued. Lord CAStpBmi L re-cle dc r. Hall, and aselrtained from him that the loney was the money of the partnership, and that the sation was brought for theI joint bneft f hr Lordship directed the plaintiff to be callnoI He was aordingly nonsuted. LUCAS V. IATKIMSO2N. Mnr. Edwin James, Q.Ca , and hr. Hawkins apprear for tho plaintiff; and Mr. Maowles, QdC., and Mr. Marshall for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, limmna Lucas, is a, young woman who formerly lived as servant to the defendant, James Paterson, a barrister, residing at No. 18, Hanover. street, Pimlico ; and she brought the present action against her late mast-er to recover damages for being given into the ustoy of al pliceman and locked up uponx a charge of felony. The defendant pleaded the general isgsue, and also a plea In -which he aleed that a plated spoon and fork, atd other articles, had been stolen from his house, and that from the facts an~d circumstances set forth In his plea he had reasonable grounds for believing, and did believe, that the plaintiff hadstolen them. Itappearedthat thepnlaintiff, who was a young girl, had livedu with a oly name aulong, at Walam-green, for about 13 months, and entered the defendangts service as general servant on thew21st of last April. Acoording to the plaintiff's statement, she dinot lkewher place, and had given notice to leave it at the end of the month; by w t when she had been there aboutl afortnightMrs. Paterson ompainated ofhber spoiling the kaifeboard, and baed her clean it; but, being dissatisfied wita the manner in whioh she went about the work, she took the knife out of her hand and held it up to her In a threatening manner. The plaintiff thereupon left the kItchen, and at about?7 o'clock the next morn- ing t being Suanday, after having opened the kitchen shutters and lit the fire, she went away with her two boxes. When Mr. Paterson came diown, soon after, he found the servant was gone, and having made a search he missed a plated spoon and fork, a shirt,an a lady's collar. He immediately informed the police, and gave diretions for them to find the plaintiff and takeherinto custody upon the charge of stealing the missing articles. At half-past 10 o'clock on the night of Thursday the police found her lodging at the house of a Mrs. Low, in Chelsea, with whom she had been lodging before she entered the defendant's service, and having se-archedl the house and the plaLintiff's boxes, and found nothing, the policeman carried her to the policestation, and then called upont the defendant and told him what he had done. The defendant went down to the station and caused the plaintiff to be searhed, and after having been informed that nothing was found either upon her person or in her boxes, he signed the charge-sheet, and so caused her to be lolcked ump for the night. The defendant ait that time stated that he ad eightise four pairs of stockings, eight yard of diaper,eih yards of towellng and other articles from a wardrobein the backbedroom; but thouRh afurther search was made at the, plaintiff's lodaings the next morning, nothing wasfound. When the parties appeared before the magistrate the defendant instructed the policeman to say that hecdid not wishto preassthe charge, and consequently the plaintiff was discharged. On leaving the court the plainitiff askedl the defendant why he maide the chas against her, but the only answer he made was that he hoped it would be a lesson to her for the rest of her life; to which she replied it would be no lesson at all, as she was innocent. The plaintif after being some time out of a situation, entered the service of a M-is Boyd, in St. John's-wood ; but, as Miss Boyd heard of the circumstances under which she had left her last place, she only kept her three weeks. The present action was then brought, and the plaintiff alleged as specia damage that in consequence of the charge she had been dismissed from MisFs Boyd's service. On the part of the defendant Mrts. Paterson was caled, and contradicted the saltement made by the plainLtiff that she had held up a knife to her in a threatening mnanner. She stated that on the Sunday morning, the day the plaintiff left, she missed the spoons andl fork, and one or twro other articles, and on the Tuesday she mimed the diaper and towelling, &c., which had been kept insa wardrobe in the sppar bedroom. Mr. Paterson, the defendant, also. saxted that he was awakened about 6 o'clock by anolse as; of some one in theI re bedro-om but took no notice of it, and wen toslop,anhat when Lie awoke aganat hal-PR 6 he rang thei bell, but as he got no answer he-went down stiRhs, and found the servant gone. He iminadlately made search and missed the spoon and fork, and as he did not know where the girl had gene to his suspicionswere aroused. He gave the police the clue by which they might find out herforer odgngsan tod tem o tke erup, which the di acordngi. M. ad Ms. atesonboth steate ther blie tht al he rtileswer sfe a few dlays previosly an tht terehadbee noother person in the houe wo cul hae tkenth M. MissBoyd was alao calld, ad se stted hatshe ad tkenthe plaintiff nto ner service on a statement that the last place she had lived in was at Mrs. Coulong's, at Walham-green; but that lady refused to give her a character, alleging as a reason that she had had another place since she left. The plaintiff several times denied this, but ultimately admitted that she had lived with the defendant - and when he was applied to on the subject by Misel Boyd's brother the cdrcumstances under which the plaintiff had left became kcnown to Mss Boyd, and she discharged her. Mr. JAurxs, On the part of the plaintiff, contendedi that when the defendant ws informed that nothing had been found upon the plaintiff's person or in her boles he aould have hailno ground for believing that she had stolen any of his property; and, in fact, he thoughtIts very doubtful whether there had been any felony at all comntte by any one. Mr. KIoWTS, for the defendant, said he thought it was clearly proved that the defendantYs property had been stolen by someoane, and that, under the clrchnmaan , the ! defendant had reasonable grounds for believing that the plFln tiff had taken them. Lord CAacPnErL in summin; up the evidenee, sald there could be no doubt that the plaintLff had acted very Imiroporly in leaving her situation as she had done; but he did not think there was any reaon to charg the doe(cdaut V ,e fury found a ve~dio o- 50!.
OOURT OF COMb!OlT i U 313PP lv- nawln" (SSngs at d i i Pr;us b!foa Mi. 'Junice C]R1'SWL ana ca ommonJwrA. Hr. HAnoe and Mr. W. Willia reG ousel for the plaintlflft Mer. eeet Piggott and Mtr. C. W. Wood for was an Action on a bIl of exchange, and was brought by theendorsee gainst thedrawer. The ddendant by his pless denied that ehade reoeivd notioe of dionou r and also Pleaded that when an inslvent debtor hie lied given the bill to the endorsers for the purpoe of u g thedm to withdraw their oppostion to his 9tru the Insolvent Court, and thlat the plaintio' therb'withe notice of these facts, and without considweation. It appeared that the plantl% who is a *ordWaer at BreItfora, had rteeive the bfromil a ondon brewer, in out of accoont for corn, and without any know. seata of the cercumikanes under which It had been given. With regard to the material question, the notloe of dls. honour, It appered that the M carae due onlunday, .Auguat2; that it was duly presented by the plaintiffs bajkersina LondonL on the Saturday, A but the plaintiff did not give the notice of d nour li Wednes. needay, Aagust 5. Upon objection by the defendant's oomnel that the hotioe was not sBfiiilent, His LoRDsyrp held that It wan in time for that, having been presented on the Saturday by the bsnkerx, they would have tl Monday evening to sen it off to the ISalntiff at Brentford, and he receiving it on Tuesday, notiVo.ebyylum on the Wednesday was in tine. With regard to tlb. other question, the defendant's counsel contended that, rotwithstanding the plaintiff was an Inocent holder for value, the blll, hbaing been iven under the circumstanoes above mentioned, wa -veid ab inmtio. His LORDsHIa held the plea not proved. He had given the dofendant leave to move upon payment into court of the amount of the bill; and the defence et up onfirmed the learned judge in his belief that unles the defendant did so he ought not to have that Permlsdon. Verdict for the pltntiff-3 . 4 l&Od. SW=rZizx V. HIGSs. Mr. Huddleston, Q.C., and Mi. Chace Appeared for the l otiff; Mr. rkiner, Q.i., and Mr. DAy, for the de- This was an acton for an excessive distress. It appeared that th e plaintlZ ho was ad Wd in 18) become ThEplaintiff was the only witness called, and it appeared upon ll evidence thaLt there were considerable difficulties In the way of his reoovery in this action. Mur. Justice CRWESWLL.-.ThS plaintiff ix In gaol upon the e 'ectment, and is liable to be muedformeam proffits, and to in distressed circumstances. I have Intimated that there are Talid legal objections tob hgtoowsinthis actio3, but if he succeeds he wil get nothing, and if the defenilant, succeedls he will not obtain lil coss The Arrangement I suggest to you isa to let bygones be byRonee, that neither part should claim costs ag st the other, and that thae defeadant hbould oonsenttothie plinif eng'1lachargea out of cuLstody. - aq The leoxned counsel for the partes immediately qi esced in his Lordship's proposal.
COURT OF EXCEEQ.1ER. MoxwyV wnh m OREN V. TtAVT.1!V' (SUings at Niai Priua before ac OCME BARoN and a S2ciat Jur".1 Mr. 1ush and Mr. Raymond were counsel for the plain. tiffs; Mr. Sejeant Sheo and Mr. Thompson iatty vwere counsel for the defendant. The plaintiffs are auctioneers and estato agents in Bondstreet, and this was an action to rooover 1701., the amount of their commission, under the followlng ircmnstanoes :-It appeared that the late Mi Kelly, who wag so barbarously and mysterousl asslnated in Irlnd while in the company of her nephew, the defendant, hd a mansion and amadl estate in Sussex, called Ucfl;eld-house, which sho had commioned the plaintiffs to sell 'ust before her death. At that time the plintifforwardedto Miss Kellytheir printed register of properties in their hands, and en the cover of that pamphlet was a satementthat their terms for the sale of property were 23 per cent, up to 5,0001X, and 1 per cent. beyond, with a notification that "the above commission woula be charged though the sale should not be conducted by Messrs. Green, if it was effected through any information afforded throub h their cffice."' When M3is Kely died the defendant, -wbho took al her property under her will, employed the plintiffs in the spring of 1856 to sell the estate in question by auction for 12,0001., as weU as the furniture, but no swle ws effected of the latter, and in September the defendant intimated his readiness to accept 10,0001. Some time in 1850 a gentleman named Day, who lived near Uckfield, happened to be walking dowrn Bondstreet with a friend, who had occasion to go into the lainti office. Whilo the friend was trAnsacting his uiness lr. DAy looked at the pIchtures of the V-Aons properties for sale, and recognizfig Uckfield.house amuong t. er, he raade inquries about it, and ultimately obtained a card to view, though he had then no intention of buying. Afterwards he attended the sale of furniture at the house, which the plaintiffs conducted, andthere saw the house and a Mr. Cheale, an agent at Uckfield, who had the keys of the house; but even then he had no desire to buy. During the summer the defendant authorized Mr. Cheale to sel the property for 10,000?,, and, it happening that Mr. Day was suddenly deprived of his residence by notice to quit, he turned his attention to the uchse of the defendant's estate, and eventually ageedtodo so for 10,0001. with Mr. Cheale in November last. The defendant thereupon iaformed the plaintiffs of the sale to Mr. Day, when they advanoed their laim to commisdon under the terms of the memorandum above mentioned, alleging that Mr. Day had received information of the property through their office This demand, however, was resisted on tfie ground that the terms in question formed no part of the contrast, and, if they did, the sale to Mr. Daywas not, under the cirumstances, attributable to any information acquired by him through the plaintiffs. On the first of these questions, Mr. Green and his clerk both deposed to having given or shovwn the " register" to the defendant when he called at their office, while Mr. Bayley and his solicitor, who was present, swore that they never saw or heard of the register or the special condition to the best of thelr belief; and it was contended further for the defendant that the contract on which the parties dealt was to be found in two letters between Mr. Green and Mr, Kearns, the defendant's solcitor, expressly upon the subject of the plaintiffs' terms, in which no reference wma made to such a condition. The CHIEF B&ntox, in summing up, left it to the jury to say whether the contract between the parties embraced the particular clause in question, and, if so, whether the sale to Mr. Day took place through any Information acquired at the office of the plaintiff. If so, then the plaintiffs were en. titled to a verdict; but unless the 'ury were satisfied on both these points in favour of the plaintiffs, the defendant was entitled to the verdict. The jury, after having retired for upwards of an hour, conveyed an intlmation to the Court that there was not the remotest possibility of their ever arriving at a unanimous conclusion. The CniF BxrtoN thereupon, with the consent of both the parties, discharged the jury from giving any verdict at aIL BXCHEQUER CRAMBER, MONDAY. The Court sat to-day for the purpose of delivering judgment in several cases which had been previously argued. Present-Lord Chief Justice COCIBuRN, Justices Co.- RIDGE, ERrI, CROmPON, CERSSWELL, WILIAms, CBOw2Dxsa, and Wnnns, and Barons MARi, B}NF&r. WBL1I WATSON, and CHANNFL. JOHNSON V. GOSIXTT AND OTHERS. Mfr. Justice CoLiUDGE said this was an appeal against a judgment of the Court of Common Pleas, dischrging a rule to enter a verdict for the defendants. The action had been brought to recover back the deposits naid on some shares In the Penon Alfred Mine. The rule habeen obtained on two grounds, that in a cost-book comp ny the plaintiff was not entitled to recover back his deposit, and that there was no evidence against two of the defendants. In ordinary cases, if a scheme failed from the shares not being taken up, a party was entitled to recover back his deposit, and ther was nothing in the cost-book principle to ta-e it out of the ordinary rule. AUl the defendants had attached their names to the prospectus, and they were all liable. Judgment affirmed. HIC}M. V. COX .AN'D WIEATCHOS. This was also an appeal from the Court of Common Pleas. It appeared that in 1849 Messrs. Smith, of the Stanton L-onworks, Derbyshire, being in difficulties, assigned all their property to five trustees, including the defendants, for the benefit of their creditors; the trustees to carry on the business under the name of " The Stanton Iron Compan ," and, gfter the pa6yments of the debts, to hold it in trust Io Messrs. Smith. The defendant Cox never acted as a trustee, and Wheatoroft resigned almoct immediately. The plaintiff supplied iron ore to the works in 1853, 1854, and 155 to the amount of 1,4064; he drew three biUs directed to the Stanton Iron Compay, which wvere acepted by Mr. Haywood, a trustee, "Per pro. the Stanton Iron Company James Haywood," an action was brought on these bills, and the Court of Common Pleas held the defendants liable as partners tnder the deed. Against that judgment the defendants appealedc The judges having differed in opinion, now delivered judgment Mr. Baron WATSON said,cthe qaestion waswhether the defendants, by executing the deed and taking the beefit of the trust, became liable as prtners He ws clearly of opinion that they did not, and therefore that the judgmont ought to be reversed. There was no cse which went that length. In this case the bills were directed to the Stanton Iron Company, and it became importat to consider who constitnte tbat company. e ras of opinion the trustees alone, and if the doctrine contended for by the phlintif was afevrmed any small creditor tho exected such a deed woould become liable for the debt contracted by persons over whom he had no control. Mr. Baron Bth &are was of the amte opinion. The def'endants had not signed the bills, nor had they bald themnselves out as having givenl authorit to any oen els to do sO; they wiere no more lablethan any other of Xess S icreditors who had signed the deed The iite wrere not the mere agents of the creditors; the Werpi. cipals subject to the trust. mr. Baron MA rsTz aid he wa also of OPlitat the defendanbt were not liable; they could not behalees all the other eedltors were, nd he fuly agreed lth*the I(atewr of the Rolls, who h decided the conbtry ont very de- ° Theremwasno ae, which went the len t Eof, bediigthat the crediers executing msch a deed beem ataieew. The tee, and the trustxe only, wrere .eatsa ' pany, and to hold tho creditors lableapetinerms Wouldbe contrary to the whole object anmd iit oftthesedeeds. Mr. Justice COLf MGs b w at he wa of opliotL the jutigmient of the Court below dhould be &fflxmoa bI& brO.
COURT FOR THE CONSIDERATION OF CROWN CASES RESERVED. Mo,.mAy. Nov. .- THE QUTNH V. cluSKE. (Before Lord Chief Jttice CoOmumN, Juseties WILIam, DRL:, and CRomPToN, and Baron CaNoNuml .Le pnsoner was lac.icted for delivering a certain paper purporting to be a process of the County Court, he well towing it to be false. The paper purported to be a notice to, produce. The chairman of the sessions direoted the jury that if thoy thought the prisoner had intended that the person to whom be de lvered the paper should believe it to be a process of the Court they must find him guilty. The jury requested to see the indictment, which contained several counts, in not one of which was there any difficulty except in the first. The jury found him guilty upon the first count and acquitted him apon all the others. Several points were reserved for the c6nisderation of this Court, the chief of which was that this paper did not purport to be a process of the Court. Mr. erowether appeared for the prosecution, but no one appeared for the prisoner. The CounTr held that the paper was a mere notice to a -witne8s bo prodace something, and, although there was no actual suit pending, yet it 'was not suLch a p aper as purported to boe a process of the Court, and thereore te conviction could not be sustaiLned. * Conviction quashed. THE QUEN V. ESSEX. In this case, which was before reported, The COuRT now held that it was clear the prisoner receLved the check, which he afterwards cashed as the agent of the proseoutrix, and not as the agent of his employers, the lnanagers of the siavings-bank, and he therefore could -aot be charged 'with stealing the money of the hank. Conviction quashed. - TIHE QUOE V. LorEz. In this case the COurT directed that an intimation should be given to the Treasury that this case ought to be argued, snd therefore it would stand over tiUl next term. THE QUEPN V. CLOSS. The CH=F -TUSTmcE delivered judgment in this case. The prisoner 'was indicted upon a charge that he had sold to one Fitzpatrick a picture, which was the copy of a pleture by Mr. Linnell, as an original, when, in point of fact, it 'was only a copy, and that he passed it off by medns of having the name, " J. Linnell," painted In the corner of the picture in imitation of the original one, in which that name was painted by the painter. There was one count for obtaining money by false pretences (on which the prisoner had been acquitted), a second for a cheat at common law, and a third for a cheat by means of a forgery. They were all of opinion that this was no forgery; that a forgery must be of some document or writing, and that this 'was merely in the nature of a mark put upon the paper with a view of identifying the picture, and was no more than if he had put any other mark made by him as a recognition of the picture being his. With regard to the second count, if a person in the course of his trado or business, openly and publicly carried on, put a false mark or token upon an ardile so as to pass it off as a genuine one, when It was only a spurious one, and the article was sold b means of that false mark or token, that would be a cheat at common law. If a man sold a gun with the mark of a particular manufacturer, so as to make It appear like the genuine production of the manufacturer, that would be a false mark and token, and the party would be guUtv of a cheat. Upon that second count the prisoner would beliable to be convicted, supposing the indictment to be properly framed- but they thought the second count, upon which alone tie indictment could be maintained, wvs faulty. Although it staten the false token, it did not sufficiently show that it was by means of that false token the prisoner was enabled to pass off the picture. The conviction, therefore, could not be sustained. Conviction quashed.
ADMIRALTY COURT. MOlADAY. NAV sRn TIFE M ANNFqnTAm-n ...-T (Before Dr. LSHNGTONA - The owners of the brigantine Park, 97 tons, brought this action against the Minnesota, 799 tons, to recover damage for the total loss of the brigantine in consequence of a oollision with the JMinnesota. Between 10 and 11 on the night of the 28th of June last the Park, being on her way from Neath, in Glamorganshire, to Hayle, in Cornval, with a cargo of coals, a crew of six men, and one passenger, was rtm down by the Minnesota. She instantly filled and sank, and all on board perished, with the exception of Clement Urens, the master, who, after remaining m the water for about three-quarters of an hour, supported by some fragments of the wreck, was picked up by the schooner Jane, of Now uay. At the time of tbe colsion the wind was W.SV., the weather was fine andclear, and the Park was going on a north-west course, close hauled, showing a light at her stem, 7The master was below when he heard the helm ported, and came on deck and saw the Minnesota about 40 yards distant. The Minnesota, as he stated, came stem on, without altering her course, and struck the Park rather on the starboard bow, knocking away the two masts and the bowsprit and slewing her round. She filled, and in about balf a minute sank. It 'was contended that the Minnesota was to blame for having delayed taking any step to avold the colision uwtil too late, :and for baving at last first starboarded and then ported her helm. The Minnesota was on her way from St. John's, *New Brunswiclk, to Glocester, with a cargo of deals; she had an unliensed pUot on board, and on the evening .in questionwas heading E. by S. and sailing attbe rate of -slx orseven knots an hour. The Park was seen at the dis' .tance of between a quarter and half a mile, and, as the M3in. nesota alleged, a 'ght was immediately shown, the helm was pUt hard a-port, and the other vessel was haied to port er helm; the Park, however, starboarded her helm, luffed to the wind, and so brought the stem and cutwater .of the Minnesota into contact with her starboard bow. When the Park sank the Minnesota lowered a boat to look for the crew, but was unable to find any of them. on theEe grounds the Minnesota dispnted the demand for 'damage, and contended that the accident was attributable ,to the Park. Dr. Jenier and Dr. Deane appeared for the Park; Dr. Addams and Dr. Twis for the Minnesota, The learned JTuiGF left it to the Elder Brethren to say 'whether the Minnesota had neglected to keep a Proper look out, and to take the steps necesary to avoid a collision The EnDER Bx}'rr were of opinion that it was not proved that the Park starboarded her helm, and that the zollision was attributable to the Minnesota, she not having udopted in due time the proper measures to avoid it. TEX HEIEN lGERs.-COLLSION. On the 25th of September, 1856, a collision occurred in 'the Irish Channel between the ship Yeoman, 1,001 tons, on ier wAy with a cargo of salt, in charge of a master aad 21 mands, from Liverpool to America, aud the Helen Heilgers, ,o019 tons, on her way from Calcutta to IAverpI, naysiated by a master and crew of 33 hand;, with a cargo of sil, sugar, nce, and other things. The Yeoman foundered caf£ew minuteSs carrying 'with her the crgo and all the maw, escept those whio saved themselves by getting on board the HElen Heilgers; and the Helen HeiDgers was so liSamsged that a few hours afterwardsall on boardwere cbliged to take to the boatsandlabandon her. She has never iace beex heaa of,:but her crewr, together with the three survivors of the Yeoman, wexe: picked up by a ship called tlieTork, and lauded at DIblin. The case on the part of the Yeoan wsa, that at S a.m. on the morning in ques. tion, the wind blowing strongly with oocasional showers, she was prooeeding W. by N. close hauled on the starboard tack, at the rate of about 6.1 knots an hour, with a large elgnal-1anterm on the belfry, when the Helen Heilgers was seen, distant about 2i mies, two points on her starboard bow, rapidly approaching at the rate of 9 knots ar hour; that the hemof the Yeoman was ported, and she was Iuffed as close to the wind as possible; that the EHelen Heilgers continued her course, but when it was too late suddeny ported her helm, and ran stem on to the Yeoman. The Helen Heilgers allegedthat on the morning of the col21sion the weather was thick and misty, that the light of the Yeoman was arst seen apparently three-quarters of a mile distant, that the helm was immediately put hard to port, that the Yeoman suddenly became visible at a very short distmce standing right aoross the bows of the Helen HeDgers, and that the Yeoman continued her course without teration, and came with her starboard side across the bows of1the Hfeln Meilgers. The collision was caused, as it-was contended on the part ot the Helen Helgers, by the neglect of the Yeoman to port her helm in time. Dr. Addans and Dr. TWiss appeared forthe Yeoman; Dr. Deane and Dr. Wambey for the Helen HEeDgers n The EsrnmX BnnmnaB wFere of opinion that the Helen Heilgers was solely to blame for the collUsion.
COUBT OF BAYEBUPTQY Bminghall-strov. 30. IN RXM JoTl'a nVmVV (Before Mr. Commissoner Gourmuisw. The bankrupt is described aS a wine-merchant of Kensington and elsewhere. His accounts extend over a period of one year and ten months. They commence with a defici. ency of 1,7381., and close with debts and liabilltiesll,2511.; asets (partly reallzed) between 4001. and 500. The profits are put down at 24 3s. 5d,, the domestic expenditure at 1,060l., other expenses 2,0004 The assets are the proceeds of furniture andalifo policy as propoeed to be given up by a Miss Peyton. The bankrupt debits himself with 4181. received for salary as traveller, and 332l. for guaging epirits. The official assignee reports that the bankrupt's accounts of his tranactions with one Bousfieldl are very unsatisfac- This was the crtficate meetlng. Mr. l3ley, .'or the assignees, d2d not oppose; Mfr. Saorge O said the bankrup was much indebted to the great kindness of his credits. If they had appeared there musthave been a long suspension. The bankrupt would receive a thlrd class certificate upon the Life policy being relinquished. H[e had, no doubt, great Influence with the holder, and protection would be grated for one week thawt he might exercse it successfully; otherwise longer protection would be withheld. A sum only slightly exceed. iDg 4004 would be little enough to divide among creditors to the amount of 31I,0001 IN RlE RO03ERT WILBY. The bankrupt was the landlord of the Mother Shiptonalso of the Crown, Prince of Walea's-road, Camden-town. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Chidley appeared for the bankrupt, Mr. Lucas for a creditor, and Mr. Peck for the assignees. HMs HoNoUR suspended the certificate (third class) six months, three months being without protection. If arrested within the three months the bankrupt to be at liberty to apply to the Court for his release. IN RE J. ANDREWARTHA. The bankrupt was a builder of Eorest-hill-terrace. This was thle examnation meeting. Mr. FLUx, for the assignees, said there had been a prior bankruptcy, under which the bankrupt had not pawed his examination. His HONOuR said he could not pas the bankrupt under this bankruptcy untl he had passed under the preceding one, and ordered an adjournment sine die. In the case of J. D. Gordon, pianoforte maker, of Eldonstreet, FiBnbury, the bankrupt was awarded a third-class certificate after six months' suspension from the date of adjudication (July), with protection. There was a choice of assignees in the case of J. Ca peU outfitting wrarehonseman, of Gutter-lane. There are alez liabilities on acceptances in favour of M1acdonald and Co of Glasgowv, 6,100L, and 6,000L in favour of Wallace and Co., of Glasgow, many of the acceptances being discounted by the Weatern Bank of Scotland. Mr. Daniel Hiamahawt was appointed assJignee.
ZVESOL VEN DEBTOM' COUBT, Vov. X0. IN RE aOSRPI? 17TpATnInTTC (Before the CHEF CommssmioN1 TiE Insolvent's discharge was opposed by a creditor nmmed Wright, who had purchsed a horse of him for 291. The animal proved to be ]ne, and was returned. The Snsolvent subsequently resold the horse for 161., but paid nothing to MIr. Wrlght. The learned COSmiiSIONXR~ thought the creditor had been cheated out of his money, and therefore the insolvent would not be discharged until he had .been in custody for seven months, dating from the vesting order.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, No. 30. The sittings of the Court for the November general sessions were resumed this morning at the GuildhaU, West minster, by adjournment from Clerkenwell, before Bir. Bliss, Q.C., presiding for the Assistant-Judge, and a bench of magistrates. There were 82 prisoners for trial-72 for felony, and 10 for mlsdemeanour. Mr. BLISS delivered a short charge to the grand jury. Jesse Joy, 60, clerk, pleaded "Guilty" of feloniously embezzling three sumes of money amounting to 15. Bs. 5d., received by him on account of John Huntley, his master. Mr. BLiss said, it appeared from the depo6itions that the prisoner was in roceipt of a salauy of Ut. per week to collect money for the prosecutor and it was a very bad case apainst him, for be had approprIated to himself as much as 8l. at one time. He should sentence him to eight months' hard labour. Three boys, named Cleaver, Dowell, and Betts, Were in. dicted for stealing a watch, value 61., the property of John Cleaver. The grand jury Ignored the bill as against a fourth boy, uamed Sampson. Mr. Le Breton prosecuted; Mr. Ribton defended Betts, Mr. F. H. Lewis, Dowell. The first-named prisoner, who pleaded "Guilty," stole the watch from his uncle, and the complieity of the others in the theft was sought to be established, by contradictory statements made by them one against the other. The jury found Dowell and Betts Not Guity,, and they were discharged after receiving a severe cautlon from the bench. Mr. Buss sentenced Cleaver to four months' imprisonment, andfour years detention in a reformatory. Wllliam Jones, 23, and James Carrick, 17, were indicted for robbing Matilda Crow of a purse. Mr. Poland prosecuted; Mr. Sleigh and Mr. F. H. Lewis defended. This was an ordinary case of larceny from the person: the principal witness was a lad about 15 or 16 years of age, the son of a policeman, living in Speedy-place, Cromer-streeb. He deposed to seeing the theft committed, and that he Informed a policeman, who took the pri60ners into custody. The prosecutrix stated that she lost her purse aS ahe was standing in Hart-street, Bloomsbury, and it appeared that after the prisoners were in castody the first witness told the officer where he thought the purse would be found, and It vwas found at the place indicated. In crossgexamination he said this was not the first case he had had, but he was not training for the profession of a policeman. He had a case of pocket-picking in Cannon-street, and the prisoner got three months. After a good deal of hesitation he admittedthat upon his evidence a person was also committed for three months for stealing some cigars. At the time he had these cases he was out of work, but he had now got a situation, to which he went on Saturday last. When before the magistrate Carrick said he stole the purse, but knew nothing of Jones, who was a stranger to him, and Jenes said he would rather have the case disposed of summarily, but, being known offenders the magistrate sentthem for trial. The jury found them both Guilty. A previous oonviction was proved against Carrick. He was sentenoed to two years, and under an order of the Inspector of Prsons was removed to Redhill Reformatory. No. 229 of the City Police said, Jones 'was one of the worst of the Golden-lme thieves, and was transportad in 1852, but, though he did not know it of his own knowledge, there waa no doubt of the fact. He had been looking out for him for the last few month? for a watch robbery, one of the parties concerned in which had been sentenced to penal servitude. Mr. Buss, after some consideration, said, he had come to the conclusion that another trial might be afforded the prisoners in this country, and he earnestly hoped they would yet reform. He sentenced each of them to a year's hard labour. (Before M.r. CREASY.) Peter Rook, 62, shoemaker, was indicted for stealing a cashbox and the sum of 101. and upwards, anda number of cheoks for the payment of money, the property of William Tipper, In his dwelling-house. He was also charged with receiving the same. William Tipper said, he lived in the Fltham-road, and carried on the business of a cheesemonger. On Sunday, tho 25th of October, he left home with his family and went to church, leaving a female servant in charge of the house. She was the only person in the house. On returning home from church he knocked at the door, but got no answer, and after waiting for some time he went through the next house, and eventualy got admission to his own residence by means of the back door. The kitchen fire was out, no dinner was prepared, and the whole place was in confusion. He examined the drawers iD his bedroom, and found that his cashbox, containing a number of checks for various amounts, about 101. 10s. in cash, a guinea of Charles IL.'s reign, and a gold penciloase, had been stolen. He went to the mornig service at a quarter-past U, and returned at a rter.p t L .JamesWilliam Wellman, of Klng WiUiam-stroet Wandsworth-road, said, he was walking in Batterseafields on Sunday morning, the 25th of October, when he noticed two men sitting down on the side of a field -which vas much flooded, and he watched them. They got up and passed him and a friend whowaswith him, and he noticed that one of the menhad something bulky under his arm. The prisonerwas one of the two. They walked up to an old willow tree, and after being there for some time they passed on, the man not in custody having the bulky substance with him. He 'went and searched near the tree, and, having raked about in the water and the soil, found the cashbox produced, which had been broken open. They took it immediately to the Olaphman polioe-station, where the checks and the guinea of the reign of King Charles the Second were taL-en from it. While the men were at the tree the prisoner was standing up, the other sitting down and kicking about with hig feet. .oad, kaid he 'wIththh ld Ohi tehalettefedtewetadsarchedaabout, They fcund the cashbox in'the wri --vThichi was taien to the' ClaPham ttation. George, Klngi Police,constable 75 V, said, from. informa. ha received he took the prisohser into custody at No. 8, W-hite o secut Whiteoross-street, oL ttt nih of Tuesday,.the 27th 9fOotobjr. He told him that he wnted him for Deing concernied with two others in stealing a cashbox, but be skad he knew nothing About it. After the prisoner hva been takent beforea, matgistrte and remanded he voluntarily stated,-"1 I met A, man on Sunday morning, andahe askedl me to take a walk, and I went through the Green Park with him. He left me and told mne to wait till be 'dame back, and when lie eamne back he had something under his coat, and I said, I'What have you there"' and he said " something to get us some beer," and he took me over somne bridges I on't know into a field, and broke open the cashbox and took the maoney out, but I ha none of it.', The prisoner declared that he was as Innocent as a child of this robbery . that he didL not know what the man had In the box. When he asked him.to go with him he said he wasgoig t met eevat, ndAe an and this servant badsine eope. ~ api'of hathehad none of the mone hesai tht b ha ben cmpeledto pawn his Mr. i~nsY smme up he ase ithgreat caue, and Thomas Keeley, 45, aervat, was indicted for stealing 23 forks and other. articles, vaaue 301., the property of Joh Luard, ini his dwelllnghouse. The prosecutor was General Luard, of B3ayswater-gardeng, Paddington, and on the nigfht of the 25th of Septomber the mermbers of the household went upstairsto prayers. The prisoner, who occasionally assiste the butler ini his work, was left below. Before gohij1upstairs the butler locked the cupboard containing theplate, and put the key intobhis pocket. The prayers occupied about 10 minutes, and on the butler going downstairs; he found that the cupboard had been broken open, And both the plate and the prisoner had disappeared. iNo portion of the plate ha been recovered. On the same cay the -prisoner suddenLly ledt the place where he had been lodlging without notice, and his landlady did not see him agamn until he was taken into custody. The prisoner denied All knowledge of the robbery, and said that the butler had often left the plate in his charge while he went out with the carriage, and on such occasons he had lockedl up the cupboard and left the key for him whenx he should return home. The jury Acqu&Utd the prisoner. Frederick Gleeson. Kemap, 31, Interpreter, a Dutchman, was indicted for stealing a watch, value al. 3LOs., the property of Eliabeth Nixon. -lb J. P. Doyle prosecuted. The prisoner went to lodge at the house of the prosecutrir, Nwo. 8, Frederiek-street, St. Pancras, representing himself as 5ecetsry to Sir J'ames Graham, but that In con. seuence of being in ill-lhealthx he had been advised to occupy lodgings in that district, so that he might have the benetit of the fresh airof the Regent'3 Park. The prisoner,Iinconsequence, had the entire run of the house, and onx Thursday, tlie 12th of Novermber, the prosebutrix put her watch on the back kidtchen table. On the Saturday follewing she missd her watchi, but found a pawnbroker's duplicate in its place, which turned out to be for her watch. On the Saturday the prisoner had entered the kitchen, telling the proseontrix that he was going to Holland, and as he required a little money he borrowed 41. l0s. of her, promising to pay her on his return, as he should then be in possession of considerable property~ On this occasion he took the op. portunity of stealing the watch. The prisoner, with great effontery, yut nuestions to the prosecutrix. for the purpos of eliciting ~cm her an ad. misson that she had given him the watch to raise money upon It, 'which she positively denied. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and Mr. GREAsy sentenced hm to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for six months.
POLIC1. M"8se0-HouSE.-Mr. Thomas Piper, jun., and Mr. JohnYoung again appearedbeforethe LoitD MAYOR in answer to a summons ¢harging them vwith having unlawfully disinterred and exposed bodies in a state of decomposi. tion in the Boman Catholic buriground in Moorfields. The justice-room was densely crowded during the inves. tlgation, which excited the deepest interest. The City Solicitor again appeared in support of the prosecution, and M1r. Robinson attendea on the part of the defendants. Mr. W. J. MitcheU was sworn and said,-Iaam an inspec. tor of the city police. Betweenrl and 12 o'clock on the l9th of November Iwent to the burialground of the Roman Catholic chapel in 3Moorfields. I found some men digging a trench, and saw a quantity of coffins and portions of coffins which were exposed to view. I saw 23 or 24 coffins, some partially and others entirely exposed. The coffins were raised about four feet above the level of the street, Some of them had been broken, others had given way being completely rotten. I saw a heap of skulls and bones about three feet high. Some of the coffins had been removed. A hole had been broken in the brickwork under the chapel, through which some of them had been placed. I looked through that hole into the vaulb and saw somo coffins there. I perceivsd a most sickly and offensive smell, and was sick for two days afterwards. I told Mr. Young that I had been sent there by the Lord Mayor, and requested that he would immediately desist from what he was doing. He gave dietons to the men to stop, and they did Eo. He told me that he was in attendance there every day himself to see his directions properly carried out. On the following morning I again visited the ground, and found the smell still very offensive. The works bad been carried on to a very great extent. On Friday a much larger excavation had been made, and a great many coffis had been removed and taken to the vaults, I saw Mr. Piper there. He told me he was not aware, that anything of the sort had been going on and that if a complaint had been made to him he would have immediately stopped the works. Cross-examined by Mr, Robinson.-It was not a particularly offensive, but a most sickening smelL On the Friday a great many coffins were exposed and the men were putting concrete into the trench. Dr. Letheby, medica14 officer of health for the dty, said -It is my duty to attend to complaints of nuisances affecting the public health of the cty of London. My attention was called to the diinterment of bodies in the Catholic burial ground in Moorfields by the inspector ot the district on the 19th of November. I immediately went to the chapel and found that a number of men were engaged in digging a trench from one end to the other of the graveyard. sad in carting away the earth and broken bones which they had taken up. The trench was made through a spaoe occupied by coffins, but now removed. A number of coffns at the side and end of the trench were still exposed to vlew. Some of them were being moved into the vault underneath the chapel. I noticed two heaps of human bones, and on one of them were 15 skulls, upon which there stil remained portions of flesh and hair. Some of the bones had boen buried in a shallow pit at the end of the burlalground. I perceived an unpleasant smell. The disinterment of bodies under such circumstances was calculated to be very injurious and dangerous to the public health. It apneared to me that two or three feet of earth had been carted? away from the surface at the back of the graveyard. The earth that remained was of the character peculiar to graveyards In which burials have taken place to a large extent. It was black, and charged with organic matter and bits of broken bones. I saw large bones there. I pro. duce a human jawbone, which I have been told was taken from a cart. The organic matter was the product of animal decomposition. Quantities of that description of earth removed and deposited in the neighbourhood of dwelling. houses would be dangerous to health. I again visited the spot on the 20th, and found that the trench had been com. pletely dug, and the men were filling it in with concrete. E found in the general vault under the chapel, immediately on the inside of the oening, 37 coffins piled up on each side of the way. I had the lids, which were fastened, lifted from some of the coffins,which were of wood, and contained bodies in a state of decomposition. A little vault of 12 feet wide, 14 long, and 12 high, was ful of coffins and bodies to the very ceiling. Those, I was informed, had been removed from the graveyard. On Saturday last I saw the defendants there. I requested them to put some lime over the heap of soil and broken bones. I sw that the vault had been hricked up And that the trench had been covered with flagstones. The aperture of the vault was walled on account of my recommendation to Mr. Piper. I believe that the defendsnts as far as was in their power, ceased to do anything likely to be injurious to the public health from the moment I communicated with them. I Cross-examined.-The defendants did at once everything I suggested, and which was calculated to obviate any difficulty for the present. I allude to the bricking up of tbe vault, but that woudd not obviate the difficulty that mayarise in the summer. Ihavevsited a great number of vaults in churches, but have not found a similarstate of things to that which exists here. These bodies are n:dergo'ing a prooess of evaporation sad decomposition not common wth others I speak of. Almost all the coffins are so broken as to let out the gas very freely. The bodies at the toep were much drier than those below. I do not mnow that it is 20 years since any body was burled there, Decomposing matter Is at all times detrimental to public health. We know positively, from experience, that the moving of bodies from graveyards has on very many cocasions produced epideralcs in the neighbourhood. I heard that the opinions of Dr. Arnott and Dr. Leared had been taken upon the subject of removing these dead bodies. One of the ministers of thechapel told me that he had waited u.Pon the Board of Health and informed them of what was intended to be done. After the trench was opened the really best thing naturally was to fill it in. ar. J. Williams.-I am Inspector of pavements and nuisances under the City Commissioners of Sewers. I examined the burialground in question on Wednesday, the 18th of November, when I saw about 30 coffins exposed to the atmosphere. I saw two heaps of human bones on the surface, with flesh and hair on them. The jawbone produced by Dr. Letheby was given to me by a man who said he took it from a cart. The smell was very offensive. I told the foreman of the works that he was removing the dead in a very improper manner. On the ]Sth I spoke to him with respect to the carting away of the bones. I saw great quantities of broken bones among the earth that was bemg carted away. Charles Merton.-I am a carman, and lived till within the last few days close to the burialground. On Fiday, the 13th,Iobserved portions of brokencoffins andheaps of bones there. I perceived a very offensive, sickly smell, which made me very sick, and seemed to clog up my chest. Ihad been well previously. On the followingaturday I was sick twice, and ound it neoes-ary to take other lodgings. On the 16th the smell was very offensive Indeed. I trace my sickaes to the smell that arose from the burialground. Cross-examined.-The smell made me so Ill that I have not been able to work since. On Tuesday, the 17th, my mouth and fce broke out in sores. James Brown and Them as Phiulpt olicMe 156 and 128J asid that on the 16th and 17th of lovembor they observed a most offensive smell which came from the burial- ground. Tdheyi0so imoticed bones in thb earth which was cartea away. - ai heLw J. DawleY gave similu evidence to that of the las two witnesses. Mr. B. Ritherden.-I am ssher in the London Provident Institution, Bloomfield-street. About a fortnight o I saw an immecne number of slkus and bones piled up i the burialtround. .A week later I saw some coffins lying exposed. I complained of this to the foreman, who told me thoey should be put aay Immediately; ho was only waiting to Make a hole 'In the wall to take theria into the vaulIt. Thomas BoWcin,- constable No. 618, sald,-On Friday, the 20th of November, I went to Wolverly-street, Bethnal. gr-eenrodw Wher a awa auantlty of thman bones iater. mixed with a quwntity of b LINk earth. I have some of the bones here, and paxt of a coffin, 3 feet long and 1 foot wide, with tle print of puti of a human body on' it. James Bradbury pointed this out to me, I obsetved a very offensive smel from the earth at the time, this waa beingtakenout_.On the 21stof Novembe, I went to Victoria Park, where I observed somie Lnewly removed earth; whicoawas deposited by the side of Sir George Duekett' Ca and whech was. to be used to miae the road with. - I founa a quantity -of bones and ptec of coffinsm Clothand ning were adhering to th e e. The ioU smelt veiy offenseve. On the. Monday following, the 23d I again went to the~ ia place, when a mani named John Bradbnmy showf d me the oaith of which I last ipoke The earthl I beinc sfted i Wolverley-street and = ad Into rortar o, bulf uaw s wth, Tohn Branbuy. "-I ama shoootmtahere Irecollecta Mr.e Pp rrdsbct .-I &mn.a t plari stoetria. oarfk theInws dort le oud mda otatiih3 oliroyptee' foere. I h Irf thave men ot eraploydi '" math caned the easo py mhe m an load for hat he veryg her. We had abo*t 50oto flenth loatedseo it it noticdbt ef offencbo-a esixnmo ul I" o twllnpbodeuse the makne ste roawi n 1 th- d bt, t of bnp es wodl James fradbert.I Ra I m a pt com e rldng, the last fe Lort Iave beeoneml y hied ihthey took v ayIsnti we rel DesomEnew; housesred byetng binqlt. t have seken a qantiy o neah caredun ther. The man sadhe hasdonsom eyg Tevr dayforan therboe s,r winh they tookaw ay In.he bags, Isifted someof thoe arthemyef. Someoftheboneswere 1D, 16, hnd 17 inches' long. I have alo picked uap bltgsof coffin. One old "chap" who nme tse p e up a r4o big beg full o bones, This was the erth Iabowed-o Bobbhin. I ossexamined.-I never troddto sellany of the bons. ledt therat to othe peole . i This closed the casfrd Cthe prosecution. Mk. Itbinon, at some length, contendled that it was not an offence at eommo, law to take- up bodies in the manner described by the evidence No doubt, taUtko up dead bodies for sale wsu a niedemeanour at-common law. He 5ustnd the Lord Mayor would think that the ends of utioe would beoffilcentln aodwered by the inquiry that bW takent pace, without sendintKsth amEt the7 sesmnlae snronl The LORD 1Uytot Rmdh t wooudt bei shatifaetory to al parties that the caso should be submitted to the consideratien of a jury. The dlefendants were asked in the usual way whether they ;ha any anSwer to make to the ch ep They said they should reserve tah on e. a They then entered into their own s-reognrances in 40. each tomeet the charge at the sessions' The Lors MAnYoR requete d that the press wouldacknow. ledge the reoeipt of.5t. from" T. C.," for the poor-box, BOW-Sl r . w Col t In the stoke N o ti chre d by Mr. Color, the insector of aThoms witstoal a newpaper in its lai"ribed o pe that plt y would be given tothse esue, In order ktat post en aht how that they were liable for in dt r f lae a paerufor only an h iour. They to intend te t, b ut that made naot difference. T e~n uiest aeppr tal Mr. Sculthorpo oderved that, is tho pr ' pae had not beein thoroughy searched, he shonidrequ The prisoner, who h ben1y s the service, and whose =salr wOa 28s a , wsurccoredng tr emand Two young men, nameavis and lianlthe former a bra finiher and the latter ober, were charged with chatemaay sent them both for trial. CLXRRzNwErL.-A tall powerful-looking fellow, who gave the of me of Thomas Preston he 'Carthy, aged 38 described on the police-sheet as a tober,o manufactuter, residing at 53,,Burr-street lowerEast Smithfield, was charged with carrying and conveying In St John-street, Iblinctmn, one cask containing 2 mwt. of foreign manufactured tobaim, liable to, forfeiture undsr a law of Cusomis; lso with asmaulting the officerc in the execution of their duty. A solicitor attended to proeiut on behalf of the Board of Cuustms. Ma . CovRdh ordered the prisoner to pay the sum of 3371 3d., or, in default of payment, nine months' imprlson- eunt in the House of Correction. The prisoner, who tr"eted the matter very coohly, woa then looked uep. he a olice.S h am TrH &xmrTsJohn StetBe s ani Joh he left tdables Hoe. 60 and 186 H, sendered Aon their reoni. zances before Mr. Snxm to answer a charge of causing the death of a seamnan named Wgriams Willians, who was admitted on board the Dreadnought Hospital.shlp, off Greenwich,on Monday the 26th of October, and died in that institution on the th of November. It will be recollected tbhatithe mde u astatement ongoath before ii . so ld on the 0the of October,. when le believe he was d and bated that on his way -home to Artichoke-hill, UatPhifgvhadliway, on the night of the 23d of October, or early on the aorning of the 24th of October, be was met by two poliemen, one of whom, Stephens, swung himn round several times, and the other, Brown followed him up, and, after strking him across the stoma~ch several times with a small stick, beat him -with his trchemon, and after mooking him down struck him a violent blow acrtos the head with it, and then allowed him to gohome, which he reahedin astateof g t suffering, began vomiting,, and continued very ill uitLi Monday, the 26th, whent he was sent to. the Dreadnought II= a g.hp the evidence, Mr. SELFE gave his op'inion that the death of the sailor had not been accelerated b any violence on the part of the police Stephens was admittea as a witnoss, and as to Brown, Mr. Sum sad that he left the court absolvocl froiA all blame. A. donationx of 54 has arrived from " Anonymous,"1 with arequest that it should be acknowledged in 2%e !l'me. as agift for the poor-box fund. SOUTHWARK.-The two coloured girls, whose naLmes are Rose and Minis Aveary, attended before Mr. BnomrA again, accrding to arrangeents entered into last week, it being thought requiste tht Inquiries should be made about the truth of their statemnents. He directed them to be supplied with more innyfo h otiuin owre for 21. o prchae tem arm lotingand bots, which the wee sorty aterard, t thirgreat gratification,
SUGGRSTIONS FOR BILL bf PREVENT THE TRAPFIC I ZTOXICATING LIQUOS. I rAd?u--tl (As agreed upon by Genera Counci ot the United Kingdom AlIIanucc Being mere general suggeoto, much detal is Inicut[onu%ly avoldod In the frolowig clauses:-Preamble to mt forth that, eWhas the commo m o iO ntoxid Ung lquo Is a fruitful source of crime, Immorality, u , dlsee1 , ilsaitr, and premature death, whereby not individuals ho give way to deiking habits re pllnged ino misery, but gistons wrong is done to the mona and Propery of Hier Majst's subjects at laug, And the public rates and taxes ae geatly augmented; aud wIhetea It Is right and esednt to rder upouthe a efcs O dt!ee, boaroughs, Darkhew, uad townhips the ewr to hlb1t rua oommo ggo ag afoce;d be It thereto ra e5 .- L Tobe Wul anytme fromandafter the rpasinog of tbhl Act f or ay Omorv0terateWS rending In any municipal or borough tOW14 Oftown myrin rV lOt wnahp, orpartof parhlhortownship, not withn the munidDc boundar, to require, by notioe, under their hands, the maor, provost, or other pubUe officer, to take the Totes of the raeayers oC ruch borog, pariab, or township, or Part of parla aOr townshp aestothesrpelOety Of bringi into operatlon the proIstonsofthigAst. The mayor, rvOst, or other pabUlc coffer, within seven days fer receivlng requWtion, to gITe pubie notice ot a day, not earlier than da,nor more thn dAYs after notlos, and of aplace or Placeswirhin neohborough, pariba township, orpartof paior town. shipo when and whore the rapasmare ue to sgnify their voe, for of againat the adoption ofthi Act. The Totea to be peraonally dliveredby the vote at tbe appointed voting iilaor n. The mayor, provost, other Dubic officer to appointplacsuand persona for iking sid Totem. . ryp DeMaciwho is rated to te reiUef of the Por Within the ild lotogh, Dpais or townhip, t wrt Of P&vISh or town.p, to be an. ttUed lo onser fOr Or sagit the Sdoptlon of this Act, The mayor proot, or other publo fflcer to examine the voto and to declare, w n two dayp of the clomeofthe vott& by oublic notic thenmubereforand againt Theadoptionof the Acto bedecided bythe number ofvotes. But the AAt not to be adopted unles the .nnmberod votesfor its adopUon be At lout twothirds of the agregate number at Totes given. Notioe tobe given Immediately of the adoption of the Act. m. If the rtePAetse dedse agasin the adoptilon of the Act, or the majority be Ilsafficet as aforesid,one yer to elapse before It shalt be lawul agin to take vote In uc borough, paxrsh, or to-nahip, or partof pais or township. V. Not to be lawful, from and after the time lmited for the oem. mnoemment of this Act, for any per or per(wtin any boroug'o Parish, or township, or part ot pwishortownship, adoping this Act as aforesaid) to manufacturewithin the sidborougb parish, or town- or Part of r or township, for 41e, or direct or Indirectly to barter,exhn=g&e,or=disposeof exept for suchpurpomesamay be hereafter provided any lOhOl or intoxicxting liquor. V. Any persn not being an agent duly authorired, who shvall, within the maid dict, by hmself or his agent, directly or lndirecty el orrfurnlah under any Pretence, anyascoholic orintoxicating liquor except coording to the pro cu of thls Act, to be Ulble to a fineo onthea toonvicton, on the second, and on subequent convctions to ImpDronment of niot more than uor less shan Iudefaultef PaYment of fiue or oxitsom firsSormecond con. notion theoffender tobeimprisonedat the dicretionoftheinsUie. VI. any ratepyer f ot Wdidrict make oath or afflrmation before any justce of the actingfor or withisaid district, thUt they believe saloholic or toxicating liquors to be kepl or deposited for purpome of sale in any conveyance, ahop, warehouse, or other PLAce or building, witbin rmch district, the sad JusUce to iJaue search warrant, and any alseololo liUor found In pursuance therof to be sBined. No dwelling-house, boWeTer, to be seced which is not a house of public entertainment, or In wbich, or Part of whiCh, a shop in not kept, unlers (at leastl ot the as d eomrlalnants testify on oath or affirmationto some art of sae of aloobolio Hquo thecein or therefrom within of the time of the comrplaint. The owner or keePer of tbe liquor bD be forthwith summoned before the Justices ot the district. IU he fail to appear, or it is shown tbat the liquor saskeptand intended for maleoDotrarytoethe pro. isleons od this Act-the liquor to be forfeited and destroyed. VIL It the owner of the liquor be unknown, das notice to be given of the zcrre, and If lawfuy clameod the liquor to be given up. Any per on whose premises, or in whose building, or house,or plaoe, any offenoes against thts Act may be oommitted. to be heldre. pogsible and liable to the psins and Penaltiea of the Act, unles he can show nonmtlelpatlonu, direct or indirect, VIIL The justics acting for maid district to appoint an agent or ytoh mitwithia said district, at some convenient and suttable aor, aioobolicliquocs for purpomea much aayhbe hereafter proyided, inch agents to receve a rary not exceeadig £ per annum. Not nore than one such aent to be appointed for every inhabitants. IX. Such agent to ent er into a bond, wth two sureties, that he will in alt resects confoe th and sell only acoding to the prorisloas of this Act. Every such agent to keco a book, in which he sball enter each saie madebyhimof elooholio liquor, giiag date, time, purchaser, qan thy, and purpooe for which required; this book to be open to the in. spection of the iustloes or their offloers at al times. M. To be the duty of any oDntable, ke., whenerer bo shall roe, within said district, any personx intoxicated in any public abrort or plaoe, to apprehend such persn, and keep him sate until sober; and thereupon to take him before a tustioe, wbo shal examine him on oath, or mffinatioo, for the purPose of ascertaining whether any offece has been committed agar nt thig Act. It such person refuse to snver, or to be swoon, or make affirmation, the jusice to commit him dadung plealure. it onsuchexamintion it appear that anoffence hesbeen committed asainst thls Act, said justice to iasue hls warrant for the arrest of the offender, and the earch o1 his premises, and convice him on aufficient evidence. XL Ere perrowo shal sell any Ulquor in violation ol this Act to be liable for all damages which may happen or regult theef rom. XII. Any person to have right of acton agamas an other person who shalelt any Uquor contrary to any provision of this Act, to the husband, wife, parent, child, guardian, ward, apprentice, or servant to the plaitiL Not to be necessry to aTer special damage, bat jury to asss damages. Any married woman to mintain sny sch action in her own name Irrespective of tho consent of husband. XIIL No person engaed directly or indirectlv In the Wse of alcoholic liquors to be a juror in any mee arising cinder this Act. XIV. Right od appeal to be given Waginst conviction by Jtitioes under the provisOns of chic Act. N It.l It must be borne in mind that the above "suggKestions 'aim at rotbing more than anindlestion of general intention. Many ts h- nii deSrrciendea ma be obserned, which of course would be remedied in preparing the droauht of an Act of t edliunent, itote also ,'th some modification of detsal will be required to render te "gcgestioua legally appropriate to SDotland and Ireland. These, alwo wTll of coue be made at the proper tlin. With referenoe to the qualllcationsof voters, &c., It has been thoughtbetto adopt machtnery and methods already exiting, in order toaoidembarrasslDi the " OggutUoRES with extraneous debaleable points. The Alliance is not committed to the advocacy of any pacularplanforthe voting. On cuse 6 and T in the "1 uageetions, note that In relation to gaming-hoses, Silh and th of Victoria, cap. 109. de.mlres that any oice tables, or other instruments of gaming found in any houEe suspected to be a oommon gaming-house, sball ho evidence, until the oon. trary be xade to apper, that such house is nued as a oommon gaming-honse. Lord Campbell's Bale of Obscene Books Prevention Act gives much more fummary powers than those claimed in these claules. Note also, on clause 10, that a recent Act in relation to gaming. houses adoPts the mame principle. By 17th and 18th of Victoria. cap. 38, persons taen into cutody as bdng present in a gaming-hose mayb calleds as wtnees and pu.nbhed if recuant. Such a provision would te more or les useft in proportion to the area otthe district. President of the Alliance Sir Waiter 0. Trevelyrn, Bstt. VIce-Pre61denes. Tihe Rsght Hot theXatlof Harrington, Kr.B., Elvaston Castle. Sir William A2Beckett, Chie Justice of victcria. Str Wllfrad LAwmen, Brt, Brayton, ne3r Oarlisle. The Very R1ev. Dean Cotton, Bo or The Hoc. andI 1ev. Leland" Nol,ExOn OsTham Th Re.t Canon Jenkns, M.A, Dowlai. - Rev. Chancelor Morga=, 1LA-, 1acben, South Wales. &ir John Stew&art Mores Bart., rettercclru, N.B, &c. =oWith apwara ot 5 Membes of Genera Couneil, chairmanof theExecutive-The Mayor ef saiioed. Theassier-William Armiltage FAq. Hooa7 ScretaEL nelpop,, q. J3emeta-Mr. T. X Rarker. Bkten-Tbe Natitoua Provincia Bank of England. O6es-41, John Dalton-trteet, Kanaooeeter. A4 O of t1t e above docEmer.t emnt free to any addres from the e of the U. K. A., U1, John Dalton-street, MAuchesewr.]
_AdvertisementJl ohn Cassell's Grand Panoramic Map of Indi aompleadby a complete bro gleal lytory. Extordinay mand unprecedented dmend. John Castell, to pmeent disappointment to the hundred of thoududA who aeo an3lofu teoe sa the aboenamed aplendid mao and hUte within the ao tSr baaarraedto keepthemahine prlntin gnightadday, andal orders wit be excuted In the irder In which they are reeuTed. The gabeo are raeetluli neeted to take notice that the chYage for the rand Panoramic Mape adObronoloaloal HIStor of India with Nob. 1 of the new series of 'w ueted mara r" IsWf 2Id for the twoIncluded. btt beyond one nonth frm the dateo rn npblcatlom the price of the Panorsmlo Vap alone wito be6d. " auell' flnreated FalSby Paper,' new series. is published weekly. PC' Id. Two ne tales o pet powef and interet haye bee commenced-ODO by Mr. 3. F. Smtth,entilec '1Smfles and Teowas; a Tale of euir own Taims," and the other Lateou," by Eellx Sto. 'Lodon, W. Kent and o. [Advertlsernent.}hMennm Hunrt and Blackett's newdpnb "leatlons. to be bhd of all booksellers.-I Orleetasand WetSer Ciberia. a Warativ of SeTr yeas Trvls tn Siberia. MOWoltfa, the cZrgentlalpMOhins Tarta. and Par Of Central Als*i' Thm aAtkinson, in onie lage volUMS. "oa, yro * embels with uDwards or 50 muuratcon incdIn umc euin SODIOa. e from drawingsb th athor, and a mtnd P 2 oL bound.. Mr. Tup,s The Fidesand Eereies , f Smith," by Martin F. opr, one mL.. iOn. ad. "All who have m and profited byFromea hHopophy' w,1l d Is thes I ldes and Rewjrlee' much of the seie qualities of mlind and hapy anertaa uceEsof e_rpremicuWhI*wero so marked In Mrt. Tcppet'iprj=j wnitlngn."-Chronjals, "Chowochow." baln letoMng fron Jominag Ilcialcs h "woes.1 ~Thle tW,O r t th Vlsotonte TblkaNew aveeoLddiU by ~ueaetorof Ia*re an(r hen Bridansida.- 3 -ra
TH. BANE A Of. METING OF THE GLASGOW CHAMBER OF Pt8murpFR]?i FUrsuant to requisition, the members of the Chamber of Commerce' met mn the Merchants'-hall, Glasgowr, at 12 OclocTk on Friday, to take into consideration the Bank Acts of 1844 and 1845, and to propose resolutions and petition Parliament thereon. he meeting was not very numnerous, but among those present were the Lord Provost, Sir James Caitpbell, Mr. w: Bnchanan, MY.P., the Dean of Gaild, Ballie Clouston, Mr. W. J. Davidson, oi Ruchil; Mr. W. fMurray, of Monklands ;r W. P. Paton, Mr. Robert Flay, Mr. W. p r. We Balfour, chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, Mr. D. S DrvA.N read the followlng resolutions, which were submitted to the meeting for adoption:- L That the aibltrany limitation of the Bank of England's -uses upon securite to £l40t0,V000 by the Act of 184 la insuilacient for the rresentrequirement3 of commere in this country, and a large incremed Isue I now urgeatly called for." 2 i. Thst the monopoly of banklng now ted in tho s3ak of Eng land is Incoansitent with freedom of trade and with the advancement of agrictlture and manufactures, which wotad be greatly promoted by the formation of Joint-steak banks of lage paid-up capltal, placd, as bankers, In all respects on an equal footing with the Bank of England, and subject to necemary bovIajons for publi seeurity. "3. Thai the Act of 1556 confers a monopoly on the presen limited number of banks in Scotland, and this monopoly may be brought within stiU narrower limits by the winding.up of any of the existng banks This monoDoly is of itsef a serious gIevance, mnd s daif becoming more injuSioNS to the intezest of aU clas in Boot and. " s Thst reenut as well as fotmer experIence proves that the violent action eintOrest iu the rate of disontby the Bank of 1Enslan4 'wheuever gold beyond a certain amorut is withdrawn for foreign countries, is ruinous to eommecce, by caudng a great and sudden dopreciatiou in the Talue of all oommoditses, and that the Interference of Parliament Is urgently reqalred to devise tome meure of relief, and not to trust the coumtry to the capridous working of the Bank A-ct. "^5. That this Chamber petitio both Houses of PaEHarment to repeal or amend the Acts of 1844 and 1845 for regulatngNthe Isme of banknotes, After a pause of at least a minute, during which no seconder came forward. Mr. BIUCIA?AN, MLP., rose to second the adoption of the foregoing resolutions. He had not intended at first to be the seconder of them, for the resolutions did not embody all the views which he entertained on the subject; but, so far as they went, he thought they were very good, and he accordingly begged to second them 'The DEAN of Gunr suggested that the phraseology of the last resolution should be altered to the words, "to consider the propriety of 'modifyinI or re lIng the Acts," for there might be a great deal ofdifficutyin obtaining a total repeaL Mr. SA?iDEasAN.-Certainaly; I have no objection to the alteratfon. Mr. JA2uasos.-Confine your request to Parliament altogether to that, and put aside Er. Sandeman's resolution, which I, for one, cannot support. Lot us ask merely from Government serious consideration of the Acts and the present system. Sir J. CAIIPBRLL.-We are not prepared to pledge ourselves to any more. I am afraid that any proposition from us relative to the changing of the present Act will be met in the House of Commons by an assertion that we have already overmuch banking accommodation here (hear), and I believe that will be produced ogainst any evidence that the Act referred to has not acted as a wholesome drag on the overtrading of the country. It would appear to me that our present disaster, and aU the disasterhat occurred in any time, originated entirely in overtrading. (Hear.) There is no question of that, and I think it wiU bea wrong thing to go to Parliament to say we want mnore banking accommo. dation to enable us to get out of the very thing which that has brougbt us Into. I would approve Mr. Jamieson's sugestion, that we confLne our request, if we are to go to Parliament at all, to the reconsideration of the whole monetary system of the country-ours as well as the Bank of England's, and its position, privUeges, and everything con. nected with It; and we ought not to pledge ourselves to anything, more particularly to a condemnation of that which has been, I think, the only thing to save us from complete destruction. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BucriAw, hLP-I had no intention when I came to this meeting of taling part in tho discussion- but I should be exceedingly sorry if the Chamber, which has now met for the fnrst time on a special requisition, separated without discussing and resolving on this important topic. We have two meetings during the year, but they are generally very thinly attended, and this is the first meeting called pro re saUs since the constitution of the Chamber. Seeing, then, that the injury of a' great commercial catastrophe has called us here together for the first time, I think we should not separate wsthout hearing the members fuUy express their views; and for this reason I shaU mention one or two of the reasons that induoe me to approve the resolutions as they stand, and mention, in addition, what I would have willingly embodied in them had it met with the approval of those who prepared them. (Hear.) The first resolution goes no further than to express that 14,000,0001. issue on security, which was fixed by Sir Robert Peers Act of 1844, is now a small sumn, and inadequate when it is compared with the increased trade of the country. Since that time the exports of the country have increased from 60,000,0001. annuaUy to 150,000,0001., and the internal trade of the country has been proportionately augmented. It does not, therefore, seem wrong that there should be a corresponding increase in our secarities on the basis fixed by the Act of 1844. I cannot say that that would contribute to overtrading, for it would merely be meeting the extended trade and commerce of th country. (Hear, hear.) And, in reference to overtrading itself, I must say that it is really new to me; and until a recent meeting of my our body I never heard the idea brought forward at allU that latterly there has been anything like overtrading in the country. (Hear, hear.) No donbt late disclosures havo shown that various sarties hsve had too much bank accommodation rendered them without,perhaps,suffioient consideration; but a single solitary fact likethat is not enough to entitle us to assume that our commercialeatablishments throughout thecountry, andespecially In this city,have been engaged in overtrading. The fact is that in all the leadingarticles of trade therehave beenshort stocks, and an active demand, and not the slightest approach -to overtrading. (Hear, hear.) Look abroad to India, China, and South America, and we find an active demand for gOOdS at remunerative prices. So that, as far as my knowledge goes, I am entitled to say that in neither exports nor imports is there any overtrading; but, on the contrary, there exists a healthy state of affairs, and we are only condemning ourselves if we come forward and publioly proclaim that we are engaged in overtrading, and f cannot agree to say that such a calculation is a firm and just one. (Hear, hear.) The next resolution whioh has been proposed refers to the mononoly of the Bank of England, and it, on the general grounds of free-trade principle, proposes that the Chamber shallU etition in favour of joint-stock banks with largo paid-up capital placed, as bankers, in all respects on an equal footing with the Bank -of England. This part of the subject Ipass over, for Ihave doubts whether that would be substanttilly an improvement of any kind, and there are many grave reasons on the other side ; and although I support the resolution on the broad principle, I do not mean to be the exponent of it. In reference to the Act of 1845, I think there should be some change made. (Hear.) WFhen that Act passed, yon are all aware the existing banks of issue were limited in number and hmited in issue, and all excess was to be bated on bullion held in their coffers. Now, I am not going to argue the question of whether It was right or wrong to limit the issue. At the time, no doubt, it was consistent with Sir Robert Peel's idea; for he clearly had predetermined that the Bank of England paper should be the only currency of the country, and thought by degrees to accomplish that object by limiting the issues. Bat many of the banks amalgamated, aud consequently the number decreased. Yet, considering the increased trade of Scotland, that was too a-bitrary a restriction, and I would say that it Is not a salutary restriction for the community at large (hear, hear), who well know the evil effect of placing power in the hands of a few individuals. (Hear, near.) And, without making any charge against the banks, I do think we have a proof of the danger of doing so in -the faot that the rate of interest in the Scotch banks was a great deal lower than in the South. I am quite aware that interest is low in the South, but I know also that -on deposit accounts the rate allowed by the great banks of -the south gees, pari passu, with the rate allowed in theBank -ofEngland; whereas, here the great mass ofdepositorsreceive only what interest the various joint-stock banks choose to give them (hear), andthat is somewhat hard, Ithink. But your large capitalist, with 100,000GO of credit, can go to the banks, and say the interest is raised in London, and may make a special bargain with the banks to raise their rate correspondingly; but an immense number of depositors throughout the country-having some of them uuder 1001. or 2001. credit or so-cannot cal on the banks to raise their interest, nor maake any arrangement for the purpose with them, but must tal_, whatever litmited rate these establishmnents are Inclinked to allow. I do not bring this matter forward as attaching any blame to the banks, but merely a-s showing the danger of intr'rsting power in few hands; and on that account I perfectly agrzee with the ProPosed Petitionx against the monopoly of the Scotch banks referred to in the third resolution. What Parliament may thik igh t susttut i plceof hepresent system I do not now hutI tink amentiledto ask you to agree to te mtio tht hs ben ropsedby Mrs. Sandemian, that he mnopol of he Sctch anksis not beneficial in its orkig tothe ommuity.Thefourth resolution asn moss 3unsvourab to tradpe;and I thinkc there can be little doubt that we ar all Paiully sensitive on that POint and slive to its importance. (Hear, hear.) The profits in trade, the iinvestments made i machinery, ships, acnd other stock, sve been calculated under a very low rate 'Of intoerest; u POr cent. was usual heretofore, aud afterwards that went down to 4 per cent. Under the influence of the Act of 1844 we tind an acnomalous11h state of things-our intecest is jumpedlup to 6,7, and latterly to even 10 per-cent cow, any man Knowing what is the comnpetition in trade is aware that that is-not a state of things that should be continued (Hocar, hear,) It should be put down, or no maer 4,tcisntean xs ; for it ian portion of a maerchant's duty often to drisount bills of exchan.e that he has to bold. Nfw, if we were to admit thlis system, and say, " we won't trade beyond what wt e ha,e irf bak.," that1would he very comfortable to be sure; but where would Britdsh commerce be? (Hear, and t pPlaus It world most undouhtedly be ompreedg einto the sr lt compass. (Hear.) Now, see th g that, a it ot , agievance that by Act of Parliamtent a limit should be thus placed un the pura s iits of trade? As a remedY, I would propose-sand with much deference, as differinag from the Secretvy, of the Chamber)-that -when gold is being drawn fyem the coffers of the Bank of targ.3d it should be in the power of the Bank of England toristh price of gold. (Hear.) Mr. Twel,o odn said that in the month of October, 1847', SO, 000,0001. of a clepreoiation took- place in railway shares and shares of all gol, soul beenttle toactas ercants do whban there je ru onther god, ad tat s t rasethe price of them. X ~w thire i it ecbnoa,ldim ulyi tbg Wagy of doing so, oud that it will be said Yo not rai theprice of gold, for you can adopt no sandard for its value but itself, and YOu cannot Price It by that ," -but I must say thAt I concider thiB difficulty as indeed only technical, @and' ImIy Ssy, finiCAL. We know theprie of gold ins noted awc -day in 27w Tintes ai it is -rated at Hamiburg, Parlg, sad other plaoes ; and I think that when we can ruote gold as we can tallow, bsrely we can also, epldy that practice in banking. That i the remedyr [woulL propose. I a may be told it is unworkable, but so far I understand the question I do not see any serious objection to the adoption of such ahpelaa; and havirnthus an d it before the miembers eofd, ted alo, I shaa l glad to hear it disussed ancl embodied in the resolutiong which I now beg to second, (Hear, hear.) Sir Juedth Cnmyprofit thought the meeting was not quite prepare to go into a discussion upon the saubject broughLt before them by Mr' Buchanan, and he would suggest thaY they should petition, if they went to Parliement at all in a very general way. They were iust then in a monetary dilemma, and itwas not easy finding what would bethe best course to pursue in order to avold the like in future. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Buchann had referred to the price of gld, not also acknowledgen that there would be difficulty inarranging a fluctuatg g price for it. They na knew that so far as the Bank of Engrand or the Government were concerned the only profit they had fr sovereipns was derived bon v th ae aoloin mannred thtSer-utbea ltrto in the povrcen mandeteor a ton of pure gold they gave a toing tof soere less by somewhere about 2t Per cent, for coining, &c. o htin s was t ayment in kind. But it was a topic on which he could not enter into detailt and he trusted that the meeting would be content with metely a general pfeposition, instead of going into m.inutim , or taking an adverse course ia condemning that which they did not know, but had been doing them good. (" Hear, hear," and a laughx from Mr. Buchanan.) Ml . Stinan1 G, of Kenmure-ItMAY be welr if Sir James wiln move that a committee be appointed to consider the question before us. (Hear, hear.) It,i quite clear, and I beieve we are all agreed, that there must be an alteration In the epresent Act, and the Government have themselves, by their late prooeedinF, admitted as mnuch. I am unwilling to offer any opion of mine on the subject, hutl Its importance and te ggreat interest we all take in it lead me to make a few obrvatiOns On it now. It is quite clear that we have not yet attained unto anything like perfection it our monetary system. In my young days the law was-" Thou shalt not carge more than 5 per centa a" the law now lays it down, b Thou salt nt chae lens tqan 10 per cent." If we um froa extremes in the tannerxIt is pli that our Lgisture must Interfere to change the system. Irwould isugest uthen, that a com- mitee of the Chutr,ambvreer he D aponed frmoiamong t thoe whon ave wtexr tese etheirle opinrons pucyOn the qOUDtydestion, wit power gtorame nnoamemoria Aeourresolbutionn wublch wecuallor most o m at a events, can agree. As to varying the pxiche of old. I think Government should Impose a dumty ot exported gold, o let us have a sulding scat to regulate discount on That would insure *hat we all agree there ought to he-free-trade in paper, limited, of course to some extent. (Hear, heare) It may be very well, too, to have ii. English notes convertible into receipts for taxes and Custom dues, but olt itwbe not into d, so that Government, by having a saldbig scale, could gsue a sufficient quantity of paper, which would be absorbed by their tax-gatherer each year. Sir J. CA3xPniruL here read his amnendment as follows ; "That this Cbamuber petition Govern3mentto consid-r the monetary - system of the country, and whether some modifications In the pyovi sioca of tho Bank Acta of 1844 and 1845 be no' advis-able ; more espo, cialy whether the extended coDmmerce of the country does not call for a largersoacommodatIonL of Paper eurrencyhased on public securities:," That amendment he submitted took in the object aimed at by the proposer of the resolutions, andl did not commit the Chamber to the condemnation or support of any plan or principle. Mr. JA3IIXON seconded Sir James Campbell's amendment. After some discussion, In which Messrs Davidson, Robert Finlay, and W. P. Paton took part, The resolutions moved by Mlr. Sandeman were put, and a show of hands taken. The result was the loss of the amnendment, and the resolutions were accordingly declared carried. The meeting then separated.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your paper of this day, containing the description of the further attempt to launch the Leviathan, yon say persons were there to " watch the quiet removal of an obstaclo to which all the arts of Chubb and Bramah were mere jokes." Your reporter did not know, probably, that it is entirely due to the "art" of Brama, in the invention of his hydraulic press, that the ship was moved at alL Such a work, like some others of modern days, would hardly have been thought of but for the existence of this wonderful aid. Yours obedientlv. ONE OF THE FAMMY. .NOV. iU.
THEI ExETER-HALT RIELIGIOUS SuSECRVI.-On Sunday night a larger crowd of people than on any former occasion presented themselves for admission to Fxeter-hall, where the Sunday evening services in the interest of the working classes have been resumed by Nonconformist ministers selected for the work, since those under the auspices of the Church of England have been discontinued for a reason with which the public are familiar. There were between 4,000 and 5,000 persons present, and the great majority of them had more the look of working men and their families than any congregation that has ever yet been assembled in the hall for a similar purpose. As usual, there were no reserved seats, not even on the platform, so that the people on gaining admission went wherever they lsted, but certainly in the most decorous manner, and the building filled in less than half an hour, while scores who arrived after half-past 6, when the service commenced, were compelled to go away. From some slight symptoms of disorder having been manifested near Mr. Edouart's church, in Burleigh-street, which is in the imnie, diate vicinity of the hall, on the previous Sunday evening, four or five policemen were stationed last night at the en-; trance to the church to prevent any similar expression of feeling; but, as it turned out, their presence was wholly unu necessary, for no one attempted todisturb the rev. gentleman or his congregation. The minister selected to conduct the service on Sunday night was the Rev. HenryAllon, of Ialin ton, a Nonconformist of the Independent denomination. Following the example of Mr. Brook on the previous Sunday evening, he read the whole of the Litany of the Church of England as part of the service. He also, contrary to the almost universal practice among Dissenting ministers, read hissermon, instead of preaching extenpore. It probably was hut an expression of deference on his part to the occasion and to so large an audisnce so to prepare his discourse. The event proved that his care was not unappreciated, for his sermon was listened to throughout with the deepest attention, and the few opportunities of which the immense congregation availed themselves to indulge in a long pent-up cough evinced the interest ib awakened. One little incident in the service went to show that by far the greater part of the audience were either Dissenters or persons unaccustomed to attend the worship of the Church of England. When the minister began to read the Litany it was some few moments before the people fell into the way of joining in the responses, and they never repeated them in that aggregate, sonorous way noticeable in a large congregation a8emoled in an ordinary church. Dr. Livingstone occupied a seat on the platform during the service, and was, of course, an object of general interest. Many of the familiar faces of distinguished laymen were wanting who were went to be seen on occasions when the services were conducted by clergymen of the established church. But it should be stated that though, of necessity, the preachers who now appear attheservices are exclusively Nonconformists, the committee by whom the arrangements are made is not composed exclusively of Dissenters, but is, on the contrary, made up of members of the Church of England, Baptists, Independents, and others. The feeling seems to be gaining ground in the public mind that the time has arrived when St. Paul's Cathedral should be devoted to these Sunday evening services, should they ever be resumed under the direction of clergymen and lay members of the Church of England, seeing how admirably adapted it is for the pur- oster both by its capacity and its central position. Besides etters which have appeared in these columns, the subject was mooted among the High Church body forming the London Union on Church Matters, at their annual meeting and conference in St. Martin's-hall on Tuesday last, and it is now one of which the public are not likely to lose sight. [Advertisement.]-India, gratis.-On Sun day next eachx copy of the " DiBsatch" will he accompanIed by an srtisticl co oured Map of the Northern portionx of the General Map0 of Ini. To prevent tae disppointment conesquenxt upon the enormous sale of the "Disartch." personts desisous of posessing tha Diapatch Coloured Atlas are informed that rhould the newspaper be out of print with which any pairtisular map has been Dreeented such mnap msy atwa1a be obtained with the pape for soy future week. The price of the Dispatch," isotamped,Sd.;Bstamped (to go tree bypoat), 6d. The F'riday edition received in the moat dlatantparts of thie kingdoma on Beturda mombing. Orders received by all neweagens sod at the office, 139, r -ft~ Nw6 agents tbreughout the kingdomwae requeted to owr their'names sodjaddrece. vohexn specimens of the splendid DouLble Map (Clouredi of Asia willbe forwarded. Portfolios, wito, spring clip bck. are now ready, price Is 6d., 4z., and upwar,s [Advertisement.]-Indian Mutiny.-The only authentic work on this stubject yet published.. Now ready, part L at ls, and 2,,of the "History oftbeIndian Mutiny,"giving adetailed accounI of the Sap)oy Insurrection in India, &o. Illuatd withMab,tyfinised Seel ngraing,.PartL cotain a Portratdtof Sir i,o MAssacrtlera anpoent Mapof ndands ptgry of I etto.p-Jr,, DulaAPart I.t2,wIl be rady Decezsmber hL0thY willb countainfro atheti Portr aits of LOmrdCning, sodt&t- veanof places-Qaandt AffaiBryo Lieuteonan w llbe made from re de hi. satthe Lntudn Pouritn anrdo &I tatdaveprtasmnt.]inoa' "Heistory ofBris India."Th -Jukwist published, Inart I o an lsastieted conseery tof thatcontry arom 40pae Of-, texe Itluoratlsos wil bhe en dvgrosaved. ondseeepeially form then comp)lete rwo handsome royal octakve volumes London, James 5, 'Virtue, City-read and Ivy-lane. rAdvertisement.1]" Cassell's flMustrated FarnilyAlmanack.' prcefid. The fsrt editionL of 4,000S coplee having been called for in a few days, aeseend oditloninsnowbeing prnted.~ "Carsell'aThnstat7le Almanack," price Cd, Is not only Deautifully illustrated with 28 spledid ngraings bu isaworkreplle tit seful and inteceting infrmtin. t onain acopreesdy ad Wtfatl icalndes-ail the emairale eent oftheyearon betactof recontActd ofParliamenta chonoogy f Inin-n obtuar ofd1etinsuished persona.- 12 ilusratonaOf he arca50cermonal,of different natlons--a corectIto ofthememersor othHouesof Plarliament, and an offcil rgiterofcivl nd iltar oficmtiomce andabroad, Lou. [Advertiereent.].-The Book of the Thamog,-The December aurshber ot the "Arl Journmal (price 2s. 6d.) completee the ,volume for 1857, and dontaltos two engravingfo h RoyaCler tion-" Evening In Italy," after Richardsn, srodm"the Jage, after Ploliz, with an engravinz Of ."Eton Colleg," altrd-'as,The jgrs%a literature includes "The Art Trev raExhiito-tOjcsu ts,' "out Realuwamutem. Rambles In Rome.- Maffelle." by F. W. Iairholt, I'S,A, lustm e; TeCrsa Palace.-Gothica t"I hr theHev: A, Illusrtedl, L -'The Sl,team einestercby Lonon aund all booksellers. " T, B. r~~sdy~ ~'g~lbner an4 Vs~"d CD., 2w, Pater.
B.A.NKTZqG. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Lord1 Palmerston hs asummonied Parliament to-an extraordinary asmion to discuss a question of the very highest importance and interest. In less momentous times any change in the Currency Laws would demand the calmest deliberation and most searching investigation; but now, emering as we are from apeio of general distrust and pani., with alarmidts still unlatisfied, and with many desperate adventurers s611 holding up their heads in the commercial world and clamouring incessantly for any concession, which, however injurious in its ultimate tendencies, will only tide themselves over present difficulties, it especially behoves our representatives to bring firmness and justice into their deliberations, and to let reason ratherthanfeeling influence heir conduct and their votes . The Minister'. propositionviU no doubt be simply a bill of indemnitytowards the directors of the Bank of England for the recent transgression of the Bank Charter Act of 18I4 under the manction. of the letter of the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer. But it is Impossible that the debates which the proposition will provoke should avoid the whole. question of the principle of Sir R. PeeVa Act, as well as the course of events and causes which have twice rendered its suspension neoessary. Here, indeed, are the twomain subjects for inquiry, and the order in which they should be considered. * 1. Whether there has not existed and does not yet exist a very reckless system of banking, encouraging, if not absolutely creating, fictitious trading, and bringing about, as surely aS the years comb round, periodical crises of danger to the honest merchant, and misery and ruin to thouands of over-credulous, If not innocent victims,-aad in connexion w.iththis admitted evil, what steps are requisite on the part of the Legislature either to eradicate. it from our system, or at lest. to warn from its consequences or mitigate its effet 2. The whole Ecope and bearing, its suffloiency or insufficiency for the country's existing 8antsof the Bank Charter Act of 1844. There wants, Sir, but a cursory examination of the columns of 7he Times of the last few weeks, or even the last few days, for ample materials with which to paintthe most melancholy but truthful picture of the disgraceful practices of modern banking. Overdrawn baLances on open account of tens of thousands of pounds, discounts to swindlers to the tune of hundreds of thousands; traders talking of their "c calamities" and appealing for our sympathy, who, beginning with worse than nothing a fe w years ago,' have gambled systematically, and each succeeding year more recklessly and more extensively,-men, who meet urgent demands by buying goods on " tick,"-that is, with no suspicion of ever paying for them, and then dividing them between the creditors who were dunning for a settlement-men who with unblushing effrontery in a court of justice call this a "financial operation!"-men who fail for a hundred thousand pounds, meet their creditors with a smile, and show for assets an office-ostool and a ruler -men to whom all these practices are matters of daily routine, boasting of their credit with a jointstock bank, their intimacy with a director or manager, and enjoying for a few brief years a life of luxury and apparent ease. Are these true averments ? Let the recent Bankruptcy'reports answer. A novelist has devoted page after page and chapter after chapter to a recital of the adventures and dodges of a pickpocket, or at least a Jack Sheppard, but I defy any one of the order to depict a more ingenious-nay, almost romantic career of "modem trading," which we may not call swindling, it is on so large and respectable a scale, than some of the recent Glasgow cases disclose. Now who are responsible for such careers? Clearly the joint-stock banks, the managers of which take indlscriminately all the paper, however created, that these "chonourable" merchants offer to them, and, in a secondary but highly important degree, the London discount houses, who encourage the banks by rediscounting, notwithstanding their knowsledge of the dangerous character of the business the bank is engagedupon. Then, it will be asked, how do the Banks find the means to advance some half-million. sterling apiece to half-a-dozen speculators ? Lat the two broken Glasgow banks amwer this question also. In a poor country like Scotland each of these precious establishments had about 100 branches-touting houses to all intents and purposes-tempting their gains from the Industrious poor by the offer of higher interest than the savings-banks could afford. And how to employ these funds t-in legitimate investments ? Oh, no; but in playing an ingenious game of speculation with some clever but unscrupulous traders, in which if all goes well the bank gets a small share of the profit, but if all goes wrong the bank bears all the loss. This is the modern system of joint-stock banking as derived from the insight thepublichas gained into the managementoftherecentlysuspendedestabl-hments. Let it not be supposed that all our great banking companies have followed in theirtrack; most of them I believe, have avoided it altogether; but it is a question for consideration at the proper time, whether these large establishments, with millions of deposits at a high rate of interest, can employ their funds so as to afford these rates upon perfectly sure and available banking securities. I come now to the important question-What can be done towards the cure of this great social evil? If we cannot extirpate the disease, how can we best warn against its contagious or infectious iufluences ? Parliament cannot prevent the reckless pursuits of a bank such as I have attempted to describe, and which meet with the applauding approval of noble dukes and earls as the "fostering protection of trade" and "the legitimate encouragement of commercial enterprise;" nor can you by legislation force wisdom and prudence into the heads of depositors and shareholders, among the latter, alas ! so many old women. As the Yankees say, " There is something almighty powerful in that extra 1 per cent." But what Parliament can do, and what I trust it will do at once, is this :-Let it enact,- L That upon the suspension of any joint-stock bank a searching and detailed examination of Its affairs shall be made by independent accountants and auditors, to be named by the Board of Trade. 2. That the report of these officers shall be published in extenmo in the Gmette. 3. That in case one-half of the subscribed capital shall be found to be lost, the bank affairs shall be wound up in the regular course of law. 4. That in the event of a resascitation of the bank, the former directors, manager, and secretary shall not be allowed to participate in its management. The periodical exposures which such an enacment as this would bring about would, I firmly believe, exercise a most healthy restriction upon the falseeoncouragements which our present system affords, and save many, by a timely warning, from irretrievable ruin. The second subject which I said would command discussion in the ensuing debate is Sir Robert PeersBank Charter Actof 1844. Itis forthesafety of this wise measure that I feel most anxious, and hope that It may triumph over the onslaught which will be directed against it with all the fury engendered by recent sulffering and contemplated disaster. It wifl beurged upon Parliament with angry vehemence-shall a measure which has twice failed be longer continued? Why favour an enactment which when the Bank holds a large stock of bullion is not wanted, but the moment the stock reaches a certain low level has perforce to be suspended ? Now, Sir, the most wide-spread ignorance exists with reference this Act of 1844. Many people f have met with who firmly believe that the issue oc notes, which should be convertible into coin on de- mand, dates only from that year, whereas previously to this, although there was no restrlcti6n to the paper issues of banks, there was always the obligation to paythe notes wshen presented in gold. The metallic basis of our Currency was therefore nevertouched byPees Act,which alone introduced for the first time, the reasonable and prudent principle of placing a positive restriction upon the extent of the note issue, and affording to the holders a worthier semurity' than a mere promise to pay, that the gold would be forthcoming when asked for. This liiited issue of banknotes to the extent of 14,000,0001. beyond the actual value of bullion in the Bank cellars alone protects the value of our paper issue in times of trial, and pressure, and under the system, our trade having m.uch more than doubled since the introduction of the principle, the upholders of the Act have every. reason to be satisfied with its operation. But tlb.re aree circumstancea which, in my jude- ment, would justify a grada reducion in the amount of the unreprewented notes, .which now stands at 14,0(0,0001., and here I shall be found going in exactly the opposte directien to the Glasgor gentlemen,I whose only ery is "More paper, more paper 1" until they-would maintain the trade and commerce of their city upon a very balloon of banknotes.-- Since 1844 the world has become lmmeasurably richer,' and is nOwf dail adding to its wealth in gold, the chosen bai of our currency. It becomes England, then, as a great trading nation, to add to its reserve, to adopt such banking measures as shall insure the retention of our full share of the metal in thix country. The advocates of our present currency will not, I xuppose, deny the de. sirability of such a state of things as should admit of bank-notes only as a matter of convenience simply,-the representatives of so much bullion in store, saving the inconvenience and wear and tear of its passage from one person'shandstoanother. We should pay as a nation some nearly infinitesimal percentage more for our discount in return for holding so large a stock of bullion, but we should at least enjoy the perfection of what PeeRs Act aims at. Now, P I have said, that Act, notwithstanding the enormous and proaperous growth of our commerce under its operation in ordinary times, has failed twice in periods of panic. The cause of the panic ';a, not the Bank Act, but overtrading anl illegiltimate banldng; but when it dows come, from whatever cause, the Danic is added to bythe lare amount of unrepresented notes anthorized by Peers Act. When the Bank holds 6,O00,00L of bullion and has 20,000,0001. of rotes, it is the very disproportion of these' figures that frightens people and causes a rush for gold. It appears to me, therefore,that past experience,the recent crisix,and our present commercial wants alike speak to the value of the priciple of a restricted issue of paper money. I go further, and state my belief that it would be a legitimate extension of Sir Robert Peel'rs iews, under the present altered state of things, to provide a graduaUy more otingent relation between the' iau a of notes and the amount of bullion held-reducing the present authorized imue say by a milion a-year, until it at 8,w00,0001.,vhen it would be time to dis,e propfety of continuing this reducing process until we had a full metallic representation ,of our currency. Certain Iam that if Parliament listens to the cry for the relaxation of the Bank Act of 1844, and encourages the wild speculation and extravagance that are already over-rife among us by its sanction of the creation of fictitious money, it wil make itself the author of one of the most tremendous social convulsions society ever rocked under, and which a much shorter period ^ than most people dr of would suffice to bring to its apal- ing development. I am, Sir, your faithful servant. AMICUS. IManchester, Nov. 30.
SALES BY AUCTION. Philosopbical Apparatus and Mlseollanles. M R. J. C. STBVENS will SELL by AUCTION at his great BRoom 3i Kingatreet, Covent-garden. oa Prlday, 11o 4 at balf qwat 12 precIsely, collection of valuable PiilLOSOPHEICL MI!TRUMENTS ; coniastiug of very superior achromoatio microcoDe., teleeoopee, air pumpo,.diEol ing view and magir lanterns with uume. rons slidez, railway models. cameras, plate and cylinder electriol maWhinea and apparatus. chycricals, lathe by Buek, tools, fine proof engravings, pleturea. Indlan china jars, shells, minerals, birds and mIacellsaies. Atty beviewsedontheday pior. ndc.teguesha, HitchiD, Berts,-Ba Mir. W. B. WHITTINUliG AN, at the unn Hots. littebim on Tuesday. the 8tb December. at 5 for 6 in the evening. 'IALUABLE BFreehold Land, adapted for Building V or Gazdea Purposea.cloee to the town of Hitohin, on the Bedform road. Landr xredeemed. Particularsandoonditionsiof salemaybe had of Mr. ChOrlesFBelan,y. Bridge-street, Hitohin; at the place of sale, and of Slr. W. E. Woittiogbarm at the offlces of the Britiab LanA Company (Llmited).-14, ?doorgateotreet, London, EO. To Silt: Fringe and Triming Mbnulactuxer Berlin Wol Dealer,, fo. MR. HATCH will SELL by AUCTION, at tho *L Booms. 13, High Holbornm on Tuesfee. December 8 and following-day, at ll precisely, the tTOO D in TRoDS o a silcmau and importer of Berlin wools, comprising 1,ON lh Berlin and other wools 110 lb. unrse and olber fancy aUl:e, 6,600 yards islk and otber canva4, 1,610 Berin dra wing;, 6.140 pIeces chenille needlework, cottons, purYse pus rmig,papiec macihO goods, &c. Mlay be viewed on Moudas, he7th au aloguos had at the rooms, and of the auctioneer, 5, Obaper-cbambors, Paternoster-row. Abbey-wood, near Piumpatead, R4B. OWEN has received instructions to' 7SELL by _rUAUOTION, on the Premises, on Tuesdae December 8, at 12. close to the Abbey-wood Station, on the North -ent Rallway, by order of the Propietor wbo has gtiven up the land, about 4030 eads or primeIdJE&DOW EEA.Y.inestacks of from30 to 60 loads, a etacklof wheat, withthe ttraw, 40 Down wether teps,, 20 do. ewes a b.y draught mare, a obesatut gelding, five yearr old, a chestuut mare, tid year old, ouet to ride asd drive. The uEnal credit vnwl be given for the hay. The coinotny are requested ta meet at the Harrow Inn, near the station, at 12 o'closk, w-here lunnbeonwIllbe prov.dee. Catalognes maybe had'at the Innalt the ueighbourhood ; the, Bull, Dartflrd, the horse Shoe, Borough; and of the auceIoneer, Burnt-ash, Lee, and UpDer Sydenham. Cider Cellars, Maiden-lane. Covent-garden.-Geniine modern Houie. hold Pumniture, fine-toned Harmoutum, Gbnd Pisnoforte by Broadwood, Cottage ditto, nuwerous elegant codern large and smaUl Gas Chanudelers, Fixtures, Fittings, UtenasU, do lR. DAIEL CRONIN is Istruted by the Pro _yl prietor to BELL by AUCTION, UPOn the Preme, a above, To-morrow. Dec. 2, and following day. at 1; precisely enh day, in oQn sjequence oEthe number of lots, ali the HO5SEU OLD POJRITURE o,, compring cleau fea,her bed&, mati *res, fo2r-poat and other bedsteads, Chests of drawers, osrpets, and the usual appendages for the bed lcamber, dining and otber tables. etaire, sofl s large chimneyglasses, 61-octave modern grand Dianoforte by Bteadwood, a faullized elate billard table and appesdeges, cottage plaunforte in rosewood cas,e,rich-toned S oatave barmonium with 12 scons, orockery, kitchen re n'tes. Ice slo e, &o. The fixtures, ko., comPrise numerous elegant sal modem large and small glans gas chandellers,recently put up,noble street lamps, ranger, coppers lsrge quA.tity of Ras and other niping. benches, daylight reflectora. counters, bar and other cask, &, MAy be Viawed to-day and mornings of sale, and catalogues had a, so of the auctoneer, &L. 1, Vemoo-place, Bloomasbry-6quare. E3st Greenwich-Thames Cement Work.- The Vslab'e Leae of those eig ibly 6ituate Premises, known es Meat-s. Reld and Co.'s Cement 31anulsetory. mJ. J. CLEM 3 S has received instructions i_t-o snbmit by publio COMP&TITION. at Garraways Coffee. house, Change-siey, Cornhill, on Teerday. Deosmber R, at 12 by order of tho Mortgageoo(aleas reviously discosed of by priate outrct), the! L`BX&S of the aboye!extensive PREMISES, sitate in Blawl-lane,Cast Greenwich,onthe bsDks of the Thaesn, adjoining Mess. Glass, iUot and Co.'s Telegraph Wire Works. The, cover an area, of about fiveaors. witb foreman', dweUilng.houae, offloet and stables thereon, abutting the Thames, vith a ' wharf of aboun4 feet frontage; there is a copious and constant supply of waer frons the Thames, suffideat for any msuutaiurer. The rleam w0werland sea chinery is estimated to rroduoe about 250 tons of cement weekly. Thene premi wes bareld at £250 per sear, for 21 yea's The Mo'rage Plnt and machinery, as per inventory. is to be taken by the purchr at-'a fabr lluatlon in tha usal wav, or be includedIn theE t rebwxaWeywithaheeo as mAybe agreed at the tiqof le. tit tb p obase moneymay remai on moetae Iofvided the propFosterms AM couepw *wnmDgesm maybe tviewed, and p*lcula h at r. sT the vW!se doftor 8a thulo quere, Dr6flinftow at 3 VAMrM &W 1%the eXlcee of tha affriW llol1lRV114M, ftb , 36 IUe valubl NMas of tubkane~woth. 1c2 the soent oc xerts, t.he QuieensArms 3ewdaop at flekaoiwch aud un.a GOR. trmat Mniimd, R&ES8NORTON.-ROGGART, ci - 7TRTST- bh" neelved clffs fet 8ALU.4"Wr a&heut e id- 4 iKtbvab M ANOR 0227OKKNWRH;s 5OUt1OH~~thnwltha eotlee Mm ortbison VAc sets an temitVe Lt"bAb somn-alled o "pO with ysicesdetaced imsof wate land, AtpOsetthrOae bi. Wcopholdtea~~ cthe zoanor, -holding' 111 utates 119 herniAe OE th etbst cr'atl,ad he Wannual Val'oe ohfovwo pery I abut 2,00. Qtheqt rnS amouAIt to .A,2L Sd ren. 17 fe 3d Lt A. U VAluble Preebold ReesshoV. knowi a Mill-end, urn R icanacth, town stOfn luanopiy drigthe Xlfof 4 and Drake, Prllameut-ateet. Weetm fiiou ValuableReveuLon to one-elghtheaeo rpry ±tevle9 "X8R5 NORTON HOGR,ad TRIS5T LYE ;. Taercied lnstructional fe,frSL,a h ato PrdyDcom 4a12, In onelo,heBSLT ERSoa. On ouadow even £10000 at41 er 7.eatndx od or£,00,aco UsyGAVpoicyGo assuran,te;j,7 enTheneprCn,(oos 011 WOUNIIM DooembrLadifiefoarflet un isse, nat&$lne L'sLUoSTRmATZbehadookMe,ss. Liey handBride.,slyloutond19 King -is-yad .wWirr-etlusdrhe art. ndofMa On3Mrida evening, Derobe. 7. -and fbin olwn vadg,a-a MOOREVN8 wiall tBEL emben AUCTION, atithe W.&L on,ndoalTeujyoeD&o .afth 1TrInaAees loft. Thanas xBo0m, OnM OLIDeHOUahIrand and niinmtret,fOlloowilnovletat:' andatheaucione effl at, thrdr Rom2bae.aret 1LbnuerI-roand.A Tmers xb-iioo nlad t, MOORan AUCTION, ter cons, 2 ilee-steet AYRDs onme orof die'reof the Ezeki r!n of. the. WdheaNOi1gcBpie. Groundse.-reohota oo InvDtmen M .MOORE WMl SELL by AUCTION, a~t the, ULkon Thursday. Dea. Ill, at 12, In twoolota, byI'ore ofx-oned of OHRE HOUSES,L land ES, Inm-TIset, Salmon'vlne TlhAet at: £Ta,verndo Wpayingrates.n rleAete penwed ot and grpe.Prethcuar XesMr. Head&reand 37nd solt-ldcetCmmeIC,aTokeahou3.; atd tl4e art: ahd at he; auclnesLt,te cftflcq Mleud.ofiesdi.z.ra, C CcnmruaTI-Oeo--, ou -omd wlig.oe,o the Mbeeowers,-ha ESMOOR ndE WIE will SELL by AU.TO,atte TION,at Thursday, e.0 hat 12, by, ordr of theo Exeontoyg o 7Mr.12fd prdieceased, thle DWEIRD LLING-HOS N 7lOom Olit.huse Stpre, 3 ; t te Mrt;andatthenauctiooneeg offdice,: Beapto an fi. Jhn,a.wod.j'rehosind Leosehold,,fingesituitIrE. MOOR will SELL by01UtION,at dethe LVI.Mar,onThusda. Dc.1, a 12 intwoot,byordermpsther Mudgac~the EVEESII4 onthe deth ofandi of ay aged 78.c West 12from,ptre. Aintalena£8,ls aEBHL WELeaGehold, .aat,cn salndgtafn foe Abbey horteo, atith.ag ynarwod, netarstheo 2yre Wrms Taveen, tAoge-thrwth Lambeth,e heldnors anee auom and termnof2years. rtteental td au of 80.Tru 0 part srmmn. Theabove2 Paoprtyclas oU esrs. Hludsn bsAod John emp sootoer, 11. wlPorenlowse-rs B.C.; ato thoe Lambt;han atiDdohe auctlnouLr'efcs 1. Prine.endrosd . Lmeh To. 0 Axeg-e Stawret-m5i0l0Proaietrs, aBuild] ersan hOetbO 10 B JO3R.0.adH.NHIEON l SELL by publ-' M 12. TION. on hePmiseRos, the Saboweulol e,dOeart-tre, Hack.e 9 are-roa, 1 D oi rsr5AyMCA Dome4atnd or FRNec,ey aOVlaSlH=% I horTenpoeric-so rm3 STE o EN101 DMirlleb, a%dten-horse poweinditio. boain. 1 a3 . clearts, ptrnb -collafcter oeheihte leraued viewe, an pariculrs hd ofthe uctIneeS,H1E0, Fites road, -M R.ESR~ 0.ad. BW O i -SIELwLl byL AUTIN,at4 J.Ythe MAY oprroBait, tha 3nkeay Cof neahld, o onndayedues.y 7eebr, at 12 frIrEcisel, audesirableOOPAYOLD DWTXTLINomprOUwIth laprgeorkshl op n ra,stat 4oer Kenuen W nrk ionps ee rtbiser .at £6 perannu. Theabov premse fore aninacoisaed ing ma- Brq.,tolichor LowePr fenntntn,Lmeh a;end Eouxthe-auc tInaeers, S Aprirg Pea-rosngLambea gra[EusSR and an .Wtumil EL yAC ..LTI tGaaty'.Oaneale.Oruohell. oNewndy Dict tReetgeents-ptree-th LDDtneth,o hel Oortanguexcirdterme oodf i years nat theYest imatd Alalueyf4 Te DAnnu, TDeebr1 above2proety 1,efl adapstwedlforadca FURNpIetUo o or iery of'ahlskepr Moayouh bes'vewe Partiular hadof Jhn Kepete, Ri.. rlcto,Loer, sen f pniagoo withot reerve RU.SM. JODNSO will SELL by pUblC NI OTION, at his Boom,Oae aBove,tee on Wednesday, Deseb 9, at 12 f1r002 paiers AMEnIIQA tandx_nue h pH!oVEHb.styof aIr comeve,n 20 'e ofIU frob31000pars each~, ud ime&pricsrng theobl. do.143eAdson as o Di. 0reandthe other pais 6ot and Shey Lea ther andal dY.TIN a is EcamarnTedanedagi, Dmecefmberlo9,rat nu,1,00 atemake and quality, and in qantitespet suitabedfor the dbadegand dawringeroomTh lohr sompsreqiserin opblruttsanroff al, hot c wnt, cl skind ctalovs, odo ratns cth f kidms, and Other. Edartils Lutaley'ssuo ofthe austisceer.Obnoryla Rl~i~e, ,,oaantomeyorkeaehis tEtt, byd oreroth Mre. * Br. .SWDNwilSLL by AUCTION, at bsGl~y e odsre~Ta Desmbr, at 12mfer 1, atn peligibleyLEaEOOLD ESTTf hghl oplels. irg suerior-bTUitRoSntereldenredto lare Workshop, F abln, Geran,, and a cveIen Plbotols Bnc iding exround b, lneadbegNo19 01 91 ear,t groundgrenty f£ p-t. d he hours Mand ms Areo.in0thetenure of the Mold master, anidaresimaeda the woksonwualr mliansrer hum, Teq. ii iafrae-rosd Batcte bMa, rt;eanDea Heir. 8o den'stoffic.r5 9, ooy atbetriewe SatCrd, and 3 Itosdynrserelai-pa thel set-raud, baa.aes. a tM.Pilp' maoe Brxtn-ol, ewiar.-rod-An Assembaee fmdenHusho Funiur toPinoore, obe hloeygtocs AClIONk, a-wee geaieg, ad nmeos Effkmaets.a R. R. ~E.L wl SU-ELLb UOIN at E uLeL ' Nby Auction Romy,ontthe Pbenkofs Gbeen Deaf-lane, Palth-raoad, BlTonHIS on Thursay. Dc. II andfeloingda. at 2.amder StOUS n .aE of FURNITUR and numrous Em(J~5. whih haverben cnsgne of sal, endcatalgues hd at he aution roms,ond ates,14 Sewdonin aShore O50 geaMooegate-etbroad F.ED SLM EYwLL.bEL byCTION,on No. 76 A, Basingball.sireoh. :Superjor lio"sehold Furniture, Offac3 Furninure aid Stittings, raperhenginza, velvet Bile and other Oar pets. and sunday Effects. 1URGIN, BROTHEERS, will SELL by AUJCTION, B.3 wthout reserve at their Btooms, as abova. THIS DAY, Des 2, a quantIty of W8UEHOLD FURNqITUEF,, comprising handsomely carved loo and c-ard tables in walnut-tree and rosewoed, Arabiant bedsteads In, birch and mahogany, bedlding, eric of chairs, easy chairsa in reswood and mahogany, chimney and other gla-ses handsome velvet pile and other carpets, rugs velvet table covers, quantity of offioe furraftare. about LOW0 pieme earereanglugs, and sundry other effects. AMay beviewed theday Previous and morningof sale,andcam.- lognes bad at the rooms. Elgegnt Jurnitnee Two full-compass Pianofortes Four Iron Sa6fea, Office Fittings, i2-llsht or-mounin Chandelier, Pitures Prints, a Circular Sawing 'Ilachise, In. TFLS SNs and HARDING wffl SELL by TiTkO' N. atheir Rooms, ISi, St. Paul'a churchyard, EAO. on Thursday, December S. at 12 Punctually, FURNITURE I Including ArabIan, four-port, and FrenchL boedsteadsin matiogany and iron, and good bedding, 4-feet and winged wardcob-e, with plto-g ass panel, marble-top washtands, chests ot drawiers, toiet 1abeis and glasses, * carvedwalutantdrosewooddrawli3g-room nlsWt innrishellairad velvot, .two ebeflofories with plate-glate, large ohiinuey-glarres, pedastal iside. boad, etsof inig abls, ahoanycharsand couches In Utrecht Elegat and modem Household Furniture Piccolo rianofort, and *Effoctg, removed from Twickenham an Sc, Feter's-square, Hamn. y- .THOM-As WMl SELL by AUCTION, st _bsGallery, 35, oelseterasonarem o-wrtarow, Dec 2, a 11 PURMITURE; cOmprising drawaing room suites in rosewood"an anu -kes1furt4lnswtth cornacs, chairs, cougher, and easy chairs eo. cad,an work tables, large 4himney and pie glasses velvet. tpl and other casPet engravings in maple and gilt eame,ugd chefoes,Mahgn chairs In leather and hair-cot, Weesa bors dnn ables, dInnr waso,sertary and bookcase lBheas tals rnadOthir French S=stad mahogany four.post and rAubtedIW,matrMGMs beds &ad beRdng. lapamued shnmbey fur' att,',-MOf.tp otbl and sigug watshantau toile and eb"yI ofdie,wingd and9=~ wadrdraobe, band.cin adm .011 ware.. and kitelass Se., and oraug ge:andeamaloguw The remainin iunsuitsme, removed bon EHYde-Ptk, gme property of a -] 7X R____VtaOBMf&I Wil-e dlleee 12 ehurIs, a sespet gAuan rnh aak 'ethrbeOef *uk- eae; S eric o Kings teUVenM Ocere tra lesf ane Decoathivde Objd t-se,O te e. r o,* Oatu3obuard dien roswood Be Grn ct y rawnoocg. Duitch and EngllabJitwee !irryo10adadauhr, Wince, Litne, TibiaA Serilcwof-Chln n is, e,51I Ih 'o iect oondition. AUCIOM,oa the 1rreordstP, No.1,lteers (hhoe g been dispose i. on mon6ay,Dembr.ndfloigd, At precisely eachi day, aWl the e~Tr and ecletyg~nt clock, candelbra Dresder. anid. vye hn rne,sl utis pictures includeh exam remio. Choice C leem tic. Water-Coltur Eai 'MESSRS. FOSTER are directed toSEELbY AUC- TVL ION. at the Gallry, Z4 IIllmalL,us Thureday,,Deoembu, S. 0 XIINof WATER.CoLWUl DRL~~ whichhare formncdobjeetaof greet atiactlcionelths ~~flloofoneOf hemost diAtcrgnlhal colletions in the vWicot,of w wi l uibe foru the works of- J~KWTuzne, Pekerhill P. Do Wint T, &CoopV Uk. W. Runt B~~~. Pront LLEA. P. GIrtin David Oxa J. K Milals W. Muller J. Elewis SIrD.WIIIeeL A.RLA. J. Nash 0. Brret PP,ocIsA~A.W. lee G. NiMpp Cop1~ meling Jhn Mrtin G.Cattecrrole G. Lance pOtantdrwins yPune Ofhi fies tie,other spedmeag ofhI erl and miDle prds; seveal beautiful eamplee of 'W. Hunt; som- dne, drains bG. Cattermols, Copley Ft=dis De Wlnt: agrnd votk bGegeLanes, two charnloge mpesko i. iwey Cooper and wrdropr;also A carefally selected setof en-. ra rne roofa of the EngaD adWeswiha duplicate of the :oVlen l0Olplates. "o nve he aspelul.65Pl-al Roglsh ictues y Enlnet Artlists. MESSR. FOTER ae iected to SELL by AU0. ± TLtOK,at th aley 4 FaUl.inll, on Wednesday, SthDee. at 1 precIsly, the ente Galr sfmodr PIOTURI9, purchased direct Ofowitbhe arit f* oresectdfm collecoiDonswhich haebeen disose ofwihincle yers the whole evincing great discrimination and good taste. 310 h ch*fs-d`(2ure nay be zmentioned, the .AinpJonvnetln ot%t y ~Uandso yiL GZwo noble Landiscpe, wAth groops ofcows. and cheep, by Sidney CooperLondon, front Greenwich, andBpezria bothhbyPyne; Dntch PCla Boats, by 3. W. Cooke; and a ebsrcnng La9ndeampe, by T. Creewick. 'The following arra of talent Wi llndicate the charater of the worka in hIbasale tz:- D.magtliseM . A. T. UwdLos ILA B. W. CoDoke, AAA. 0.81AU ILA. W.P. Filth, R.A G. Lance T.Creawlck~ R. A. T. S.Coon kEsA .A., ?tiiller. J-IL Herbert. RPA. B. Goodall, A.RA TOGrlInland. K. Webste. IL A. PP.NPoole, A.IA. P. AcadelL, &o. W.U0ioresdr.R.A. D. Roberts, F-AL John PhtIllips, ILA. Tho pubAlicview wil be on Mognday and T'uesdxy, 7tht and 8th Dec,, -whanoawLIogues maLy be had at Mfessr Porters K4Pawimall. Torrlgo4qsualso eand n2earyr Friue a servos of Moen Int~Pated Articles, bandcm Chn ut-GIase Table and Bed Lnn Wine, and MleelnosEfcs lIj[E SRS. LEWS and WAL are instrmeted by LYE te ropieorto SELL br AUCTION, on the Premises.,12, Tcsrrgtoequsw Tmorrow, -cc 2, and following day, atl12 for 3, hsecgat?lkNIURpIncludlogadr,wiog room sute in waluntIre adasinbecatlls glt onole table, chlevney-glasees. ric veletpil capes,dinngrom and library apteendages,in Spanish mahoany th ehirsinmoroeoo leather, menive met of dining tables, sidboad,Brusel crpes, haber furniture. includine mahogany raban bdstads,alay's ingd wadro enwtrnpale-las panels, allf te betdscrpGOu, su old veyri mtyspplied. The real deucn In pfcdooeieeartoee.1lybe viewed tee day ~~ln th sae, nd ataogus hd o th prmies; and of Messrs. lnRankrdpWy.-4Rock-In-Tirj ~of a Watchmaker and J -wellet. MtESSES. PLEWS, acnd WALL are directed tYLtheAulgneew of Mr. Henry Cockbusn,it' BELL by ADUOTIO on the PremLises In KIng-nltree, RlchmoudkSurrey. on Tedy Dec 'Stinsdfollcowlngday, the extensive STO,aK.ln-TRADIc, ompriaing, gld and ailvervatches gold guard and Albert chainp, 300 gold signer, mounin, adoter Ung, 1(0 gold scarft and Other pine, 160 gold and -lies pfeclI Sles, studs, broohes,eg bracelets, & valuable regulator, silver plate, and plated artices, Including crener disbee andL covers. 'dandleatluks, coffee, and teapots, spoons ond forks, cruet frames, So., French and Anerloan cloefie, jet ornamnents, 4 DFapler roeehe artiles. cutlery, toilet ornaments In glam and Parlisan eswence bottAles, shell combs,. brEubes andinnnmerable Items. May be viewed the day peeTloua to the eale, and catalogues ha on the premrises, and of Mlessr. Plewis and Wall, 34, P'oultry, and Omapbam-road. Re Stheehan, Paul, and Betes.-Kensal-green Ocractery Shares. 'lUESSRS, PLEWS and WALL will SELL'by 'ALAU0TION at the Mart,onWednesday Decemberl6,at 11by direction ofthe AsIgee 80 SHARES, :c ii5ebach,inthe GENERALOCEMETEMY CMPANY,Kenial-green, all paid up. The dlvi. dands on the above have forIdole jes Arpt beeni at the rate of 7i per sent. Pruticulars and conditions of sale maLy be b ad at the Mart ; of Wea *wre Plws and Royer, soicitors 14, Old Jewr7-bm ba A fW Bcl,Es efiCllaslgee,Colemvauctrmitbrlldings ;and of Mlesses Flews and Wall, 34, Poultry, and Ciapbauc-road. of "Dow v. Usher and others" with the approbat'on ot ViceChanoellor Woodl, In three lots, by Mr. MATTJc(W PLEZWS. the persn appointed for that purpose, at the Auction Mact Barttbolo. mew-lane, In the city of London, on Wednesday, the 16th December, atlIorecisey, ('IERTAIN Freehold Meadow Land aud Housesf, Ls_iatuAteintbe pariahbof ainbam, In the ouunty ofEesexacafome said. Lot 1 WiSoe Dwelllng.housos, let to Mr. Join Mil at £76pe 4nnum. Lot 2. ,ieren Enclosures of Mead,sw Laud, containing togetheir 143. 3r. lO.,. let to Mr. John HWil at £6i per annum. Lot 3. Two Enrceniew of Meadow lend. containing 7a. S r. l2e,, let to Mr. Ennever at £1 ver annum. Printed partculars with plans. cay be hadot tessrs Young and Plews solcitiors 29, Mark-lane; of Mearre& LLwrnne, Plows, and Boser, solIidtors As Old Jewir-ehembecs; of Miars Levis, Wood, and Street, sollottore, 6, Rasrmond'*-buildings, Gray's-Inn; at the AuctionMat of Mmeccr. Surndge and Francis, solicitorst, Romfoed; andth Phcl Inn, close to the Rainham Station; - and of tke auctioneer, 35, Poultry. Clsremotnt Cottae, Heechaan Walton-on-Thnscm, one nil[e from the Railway Statlon.-Ilaperlor modern Honreeold Furniture and Effects-Absolute alWe. MPI. PETER BROAD) wil SELL by AUCTION, ALon the Premises, THIS DAY, December 1, at 12, the superior mnoderm HOUSEEHOLD FURNITRE ; comprising mahogany fourpoet, Axabian, and Tmench bedsteads, bedding, chests of drawers, wash. stands, mahogany loo, dining, and ocacuional tablee, setls of chairs coches, Bvrriela carpets, chimney glasces, engravinsx, bronzes; a walnut-tree drawing room suite, a very superior line-toned pianoforte, chIna, glass, Mcen reuiedtee, and varous effects. On view day prior, Catelogues onthe premises,or ofthe auctIoneer, 28,Poultry, Claremont Cottage, Herebarn Walton-on-Thmson mile from the Railway Station -Commnodiom Gottage Rsdne with Grounds, hAlrPETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, Iton the Prewemss TELI8 DAY, December I at 2 precisely, the valuable INTREITESIn the AGREIIENT for LEASE of thea~bore commdiou REIDENE, fr atermof 714.or2I years, at the exceedngl lo retalof 40 er nnu. Te house contains four offces coch-ous, sabl, S, sandng n Is on g ond of about one cre Ma bevieed,Partculrs n te pemies,or of the Fle0cas Wine and dnsIrit Wlae including suerivtor t'orta and Sherries, In W,odasudbottls. very old flenumner's Brandy, 10 years In bottle, old Brandy in weod (tIll) Champagzne, hc.-ljnreserT0e Sale. IIjR. PETER BR,6A] will SELL by AUCTION, ILl at the Mart, on Thurda&y, Dec. 3, at 12. the superior STOOCK In TRAD; coprisng vryfne Ports ar'd Sherries i hogahbads and Prteaiderie, ct hoicare Chaompagne, ClamorestrMedeu, Pviort,while, and red Cae, flo.eeol 188 brandy,r 20 preciesy,enunes' pOSi,Hbra Dy, yearsian andottler o.Sapedbottaglesay beather, Thedwns and spirigtsa toastead tj apsapriedt h sbealo. Cratalgus anhadbat the Mart; oargof thendr auctfione-r,o8, Polatry. ol,paetnf lanr n ti itM ab,ewsod-'and Acatioausn Rom.-vinSae ESSRS. BOND aucd SON will SELL by AUC. PI-ION, t thei large Roomhus,da1Deyoeuer-steet auton-ecytordre 'ofnh TrWederaot Dhe. l,ate 6. Torm7preislyn, genutoit,ineOUEHOLD HOURNITTRE an EoFp ECTS, copiv prideling mhogany88 fUr-poet,e K2irebanat agond rn 6 0tho nemet rvke edne 1 ,eOdotnir beds lapteads, c .leantfather5beds and bedding, mo& termot 71 ned chrotundraers,' . adhaber rweduistesnlarg Ub eneprintssetsdjfmah ogan Gaiudn, , and Nother Wenersm and GreIrn,a lahonrdos aet nf laer, and ther ixemc.tMay bfte vieed,andcatlogesoad MESSRS. BOND aaswwnBL yAC WIN tthe Mart, on Thursday, Decse 10. at 12, bya Iordera HXSEOLD ESTAT,copisn aomprivate dwellvatehouses i, Upper Sy-M 32our-randet4,Platto-ternare, liet atr38 pe aNnum2, 7, eld for trerw 1tr Ct;dNnr.ou-atreet, Perpy-eac-rt. loetsato£45 ;ea annum, hweldfo clonfteant, ~stislar hadat he ant d fB.3 Bt nwell. Req ThoydourBitrs and Loghottnb.cInEurngTroad; and s thgebauctineew cubesor, EI, ex.O- treet,l ftinslo- fqore. malo n adet witheinb14emlesehl Pof ety adanotnheLndnanno.s hJESSRS. BONDE and SONwilSEL bye ntUCte a21tIthe aat,ns the MRt,k on- ThurdAy I A, De.10mab1einsi l1, at L2EintoLDta ETTslua compREEHOng 10piATE hue, In o 3h , paiseso 32eyo 33 is a ndd3, lAt-terce,kin'soss; Nonth 26,ck27, and 35, rewe. etreet;No 210 acredo 21,po erysdowetanSomrs-towe landprwivhatebwellng thorusegihbulo,de'premises,nlarg workishopIn s,ad syngwtebing HoS feton-cwithe3, Soosere-owiunr;eo and theedwllng-ouss outbidnge with s Nou2, e"y le ande25 Thedboroghtreuso-rescent.IsappoThed ygo who, heldyora unexpre terom Lofnaou,two yeIars Mmy hoppiegadwed tbyer tremiJon of the tenans.PrtIcuar hadwa tat thonrt Alo C. dH. abl [Fre Req.d Leatbercknlleas-al Bsi, H-elen'splace, Bisopate I and paat of Dauctio , nees'ohles1 Smeymour-treet, m sten-s65uarmofe.cletaQl Thoydote ots and oughton, n pping fors,adDgna,na Roinord,Ecec-Frebul Esttes or Ocuptio n nete The F7izwalter's Eistat. a maost valuable propery, at Shenifleld, In the couty of F'S-ex, contsaiing 814 aces. lyluina ring truce, within two miles9 oi Brentwood. and 20 miles from Lon1don, abutting on the bigth road, and only 2i miles from the Brentwood and rngatestone bitinsem on the Fuemss Counties Rallway. IIESSRS BE A EL and SONS are Instructed by L3E the Trustees of the Hall Dare Retato to offer by AUOTION, at the Mart, BErtbolomew-lase, nea the Rank of England. THIS DAY, December 1, inLone lot, that oDmpect and most desirble ESTATE, known sas sitzwaMtrs, in the parishes of ShenfLeld and Hountueesng, oonalating of 814 acregcof productive sarible, Pasture, and wood land, in a ring fence, midway between Brentwood and Ingateritone, at both of which places there ia railway station. This prorsry is freehold, and land-tax redeemed, a lare pro Orin has been recetly drained under the sfuperitendenoe of the oemnment luopector, the sollis ofasuperior quality, and the whole estat may be oDnsidered as of a hi.ghly ornamental character. It Is now divided Into several convenient farmas. The mansion of Fitzwaltere, which om p led a gentlo eminenoe nearly in he anie f te etat, as eenpulrddown, but the park-like eroude n wich t soodhar bee prsered,and a more eligible rite fortheeretio ofa esiosc ca hadlybeconceived, The estate In SI, Mraey-axe.-Tbe userul Furniture of a Boarding-house, DREWL and MATTL WSwb l SELhb ONmle, at. 33. rAUrye orfeed, St ay-x,THSDY Uobfaoeme,crnets looklene-gUs ec. wtcs,bosenrvg. ktchen Flnsbuythe VetriAof Srexons-Te LesPfcpta rmss farniea¶. fited with double and singles fogs tbig outa- m,~ wit cmfotaledwellg-hua ,lsoth catiei stblag oauc MESSRS. OXENHAM k:oLto announce that thle Thwoaanert 0 Mfroej Mr. Gelin who kaiU,,i ads..~in*ftlecojii ~bY~t~TIO~ the Psemisas,jft STC Mfte bednem, TURN, iticluding Mmaogay -'-iand 1s~eIn w-mdMWq obE2U. drawers, wasbaltands, dreamIng. rK" e aadrnb.s pea t oily elegDt tfltOkcF8 ithePWt Slb. ca5rpet work-benabes, aedt drairj room soltes Of 7 -ceod, shlzeneygWss.srens 'se IDge, with bediding complete, wardiobKs iiwgsh~ej,ad h,tin, uusua chamber furniture, a valutble e doc, uCuer4-0or44 s eteo&,- be viewedo Mod,,,ay sodmomieg elsl,adstlce~bd .~ at Msr.Onams ofie,363.0. cs1 ~ toeuelnst uLamsrnitOre, Pisnofoites by the& bestea % n Glasses, Pantuings, BOrAtarlnr China, Gls,' DasogaM,. Obirt1.. nd nqmwoou sZffcte. M ESSRS, OXEKNHAK'MwiSELL byAUoTIO"q at their Roomos, 313. Oxfosd,alseat. per Sthe, antb e F - dsy next. at LI for 12 punctually'. thetsxeeLent modemn YUWUI_U ni. comiprsslng Arabian. 4-poet, sand *0aeodag bedsteasA d nlmta:s with bedding compnlelte, wiaged Sad plain wardrobes;, dao a staudidsdressmifgtables, gae,h.,walout tree, oostirood, Asod-miboganychairs sofas. oou',bes amd eae eltai for the drawlcg goo A, dinimg room, and l1brary, 1OD, see, ecdocal, andL oth. tabl$. pedestaland enclosed sIdeboards, =booksa4e, chimney gaRes, fd* aCie e conttains, grtnd, cabInet, eottage.aod eteoolo platnofortes, a nobls 1w.- monlum byAlexand¶re & NMri, Prurgoe andt Other carpets, obag mee6i. china. slase. plnslnts, engravlnce. smrall. stoc of iecnmeeg A",. numerousiloerat san crnasoentaL mzifoeianlea. may b iwdO Thnunay and mnoining of sae. and eAtaleoets h id. A Mulse Chronometer, I3 Go TadBler Watihes,. Elvai T- Services, Walter, Spoon an rs,feloal ikts e-. on View. ~ESSBB. DEBENHAhL STOXRR and SON wIll SLbAUCTIOM it teir Rooms, TiS DAy, DeOem'basi at 11,3600 lot. of JEWSLLiRY plate watchesk, and valuable ulndelanlet.. ove.Kn.tsg lvstdsi A tine Orientsl Peaul Necklac, 73 Oe eea rlinSaee, GeldWatree, late 36 dozms of Port, Sherr, NLoAk and Cbiilth- 4.atn,h.O iW MESSRS. DEEENHAM~~~~~~~~ STORR,F and at wisl wadoe,their ped sKIgss~ oet-ad on Thusaday Piee Gods Aparl, pledi Cahme nd erhs Sawlpes, Sneak, IA ESSB. DEBENAM,S HRE, and T021 wIll LVI SLL. tther Ro~Xln aeeeCovnt-grdet on PMsg,The 4, t U 50 lte f COT deskns,sils,satn,.a ieand gntle ID ber ~ krstr, itoe, o M orrilly; andCmuand OOU 0 F,,ntherc abtsiet--To Btlomakemsg TarneRs ebIppetnt, Arivae Farniire, anto. tr-deesA,,lt n eemts ae I~ W HOLINOBOl~T will SELLLbvAOIONwth GOOS or omrtwillnr.s aELso by mtAUC,rTIONle, on pt-; bare do; ad th exellnst moet,Ftrn ou-qsrehollrnit 2&dy ])a.loos, drawingroom,-bdfcham ers an ktcEn s.O vioew to4oDdr,row. Catalogues ~ on the premise,an t h s alnde' offlices 13, oIgh Tooriners nd Engaings. ro;_ RLEVSA. n LWSONwpint eLL, ppat eersaonde4uS, .131. tleet-etree cc ThuLsday AndCTIdNy eocn tes,P3d and 4 of Due,temer, Fat6omecc, uPrLotATburstineoEGAxn'fer, at Wates. 1 elEeeBantuet OurcuaTlc ob h e;1 QOBIGOFIEen aell iin the ceonditio; ooChristenng aofuth Poritnces ofai,pe 1witthr from r skin 1, SpoeIng; 5mae loeirhIrn tre De'w 5 aire tebding Ahot s. nthe day t1 prcdn.a atnd y morn ivgof Dae oaoer; withemandReW Fpecmel; aod numetp,rousy others, te xmw, n fth 04 Two terms2, Finh-latmFitne. arn ow atwihltntAls Toroltur cecne.Md MLD .e ciEy. RIHOD ilSL yARTwU SELL ~EE,plsngmhogny orncoop nd TherbeSteads mabogwy stads mee f kalr,le an Ohe tale~darpt and ugs,d kehin, ehlne-rlptuses pa Vintings,Dk egAvnsand Orfieoillno effects, CeTl fon t o ethendfr . t MJR. W.R Fil SEMONwll b SUCTIOy AUCTION aTo-mforro12, a ean 2. LIt 12 or , at ce Roomsbrc, eTWsO rAOs- wheadtrelm RbOW Reiarow din anTnoe Theatrica dtl,anaemod te wILepn beArd, ispae insruedin,toarbeLLg dryco A'UTof lgt srn cart,s dvo. Mly bedipewed on b Prissa, rirto Tr hey To alero, DheDcmterotheem,ay be had on the prOems. and ofe valabeanctjuY To Printers andnPrinttte'fBrokers and SON, srntr,'apassan wiBR wll SELL by AUCTION, atlsPrmss Blier.te Feloro.Exhuire,o Thursdae, Dn reida.-ecembetr1C fo 12 - A Ptely,th tayrsre aube COLLECofaJBIN.FICT;aION eocellemng eha'T,G, bmositoae ofoure aniront rssdmoer, nkn taboles An fthgiem byropelklnsorwn glaerledhinrse anovrthotuEngelanxtre, Tmdbwviewaud the odayomretedingtandemergningoesale Ostaong whs, wit perfinte spTei Zemens of the tye,ma b hdonW mthprmiss n fteae tionere, 2, Pich-lae.O T .Coer A LWh Capitacea FunTuole,ianob Aloexaderd Harmer u. Dandy thAe elatibe pubrituveowedonlrg Thourses, andmovedng froentn Ncating.l anue hd ahabote. WsEsES newO CanhaELtoAR wille SELL ESRSB wi SL by AUCT7ION, ttergenRos 8 hnsln, setm Thursay, Deember 3, ot1nc Tues*th eo usualFt TINGS dircinmofabog and xernorwodfo the ae Sr Charles rooms, chamne.gthes, cURNtaUns carptndo, ecellent clmpranD edtadih b ro pendangs, andagoodkichenberar, glees, htoes,and T.rCey to-morrow handnomeday) stidmeming Fuwituhe lookwgvolag. books, anwod ornamerntalEfet, redovbed rtobe cpi To-morow feet eda2.l at12bford , aith lo heRooms, TWOllu taIdAO GANY ININ TABES, st ofchaIs, cewcierceurairs ib c zret boocas, lbray tbleandsloe, eadn ad esauof te-r,Oozns,rse 'seeddaing-rWeoom suthe, rem , hairs gnineSockble. h.,st-laweFrtes soo andplatedgforerw 0 iths.fmedicaleanedmlotcelthnout books e.oo lEStbrbeddGREliEN and culnar ariceSE nLLw,andAUCjgo hM th rIoom, at Gauction' offeeboes,3 aze-t, lfinno On'ai ThenatreD RoyalRt 12mord, To WTeatrinsi Managers nd othmuer. rio Frt,ol Iunleprbotsle, adisofe of ebyPrsivateTrsat, 2 do-morrow, I Decembe the 3d,z atl fory 1,uthewhole ofry threvaube dozeNelgl,O mahierry, anurdothentricPalooherti,esofth aboznvery com prising i Msealin, thr-dozseatdinttopt ind gPlos14oeplery,gratngdy iontgh, ohnedr. lie, gs lmp, ad vrios the vanaeCheatrialgrnse Inbon. Ma, be vewedtwodaeprir tothe ils andcatLoge Sih,and nThepr. miresof M. Buler i hyrow-s0theet, obentgydo enand attherare tion ffics. Rig-stect,loishoufhis,cwPdtI0 feEib ConSchare,Mirles ct aJr.R,BROKSwill SELL by AUCTION, anth ~LVL CornExchnge Paul'1se onhFrida. TagDecembuereat)1 PAININGSbot of he acienbandmoernticondHol,may o theMy fro wel-kowngaleris I oh nslhofrEnTamad, anddwh tbemus Ibpyrand Ltsecithen fof hefoloin etD D.Andlewa Coreu Ste S. Cooper, A .Wlo On. vigew,i cLDgesVannbt Theadws SeofthearbTOan Mintenlropetyothoinin AleerxdandemeFnaser s.Donbypl.A. fuayitbe.pubiclymiewds on, thuteddfrsdaylneorigo. sl,an WalRl JngroS anearBCarhalto, uIreyj'ction..o M treSSRSgne,wl LA EwiR byll O SELL InA erTIwoNBuOOM. ToL theoProwemies,tn gea Dec. 2, at 61t3,h by iretio o the CNYSO 19cnero theES lanste Sirf ChrleMstatuRichttat,, thsez FUzw erN,ITU moeandnEFECTS; romperisigolbredstadsnwithbeddig,waanetod chxn heuetalycireled, Busselsmand ofturey carpets, harIndsome 8-feethffonllrA with lookng-glnsasszik rostewn o,ocsoa, and other alemrmw ftables tajboe,a e tbomoks,clchinaand gleegadnsetl chraeuter , 50 dozens to Greenak and gReean house.plants.eMaylbe liewedytherdayabefore them BolakoferCproedon. N l,sth emResidence, wth so-tablgantgouns tor Cliiedarance SSilsof termainyn grteenuine Sitoc of asctlaslrg weines,k.Thwogeter witafew unilteaoofdloe. withoutgreserve 1tjrESTSt'rO.GEN n O wl EL yAC Tilliayd-laole, capitol Furniture, Stock of Clam, Walkinj siicks, and. miscellaneous roperty. SSSW-And F. 0. BONHRAM WMl SELL by-, M AUCTION.at their large Rloom 19, 3arylebore.strset,Xi Izent's-qnsdrint. PHIS5 EVENING, at balf-part 6, well-maide HOUSE. HOLD FURNITU)RE; conal.tlng of Mnahogany, Iron, and Japunued Arablem and FreBch bedsteads and bAn3gines, boeds ad mnattreses capit l blankets, ebeet of drawers, waghstands, dressing tables, toiet glase, oilt itis e,soas ochs,chars le,card, oesalonaL, andethr tble, Bussls apetry vevetpil, Kddermlnater, andL felt-' cadrpes rusn fxeunder andtIrnd, weUrtins,gases F irandouee, dno,,da> cT,,working-ondbothre, to, dlaccicanes and pipe sticks, OMpitl mi glssfinn4fertarstplate gmoeod,cutDer,ktschimen e lsg an vriobUa. framer, an elegant Walnut-wood Dmnwing-room Suite. a Cam6eto Stuffed Birds, MEdicine Cbest,valuabIle Poof Wrnta,, 3s, Berd*84s idbrary Bookcase. Iron epsce,adn era.sctssuyx f.om Ikiada-hill, and Croydon, Surnre. _MAR, IZOD will SELL by AUCTION, at the Wae LIhouse, No. G9, Queen-street, two doors from Ne3w Cbonts*eetk city. THrIS DAY Tuesedayb, Dec 1, at 11, an elegant aeeemb_ageoC HOUSEHOLDI FURNITURE, ineluditeg mete of stuffed-basMiati.L other chairs isd. lounges, covered In moroco, two sets of nobe eles. rempe dining tables ahandsrerecarved-back sldsbOaRd,Bpen.a ma-,hocany Arabian bedsteas,t damask hangings.rapeeb winged wardrob'eg. NrOpRiONt, egant cV hinat sere chut gassy o,hi n ice e iltliles,fewoutoo itms,h4,00vew oenln ofaalewn.~,
