DEATHS. On the S0til October, at Baisackpore. niear Calcutta. Marlan, eoWnd daughter ot General i3r John Sesnnett aetrsey, 1K6u.B., H.E.0L,. On the 4th inst., at Philadelphia, U.S., Siamuel Liise, Voungest Son of Joseph EaSes, ot Crawford-remet. Lonidon. On the 14th Inst,, at Ringwood, Miss atherine Oake, in the 81st Year 01 her age. On the 18th nst., at Wokingham, Berks, Edward Horne, stq., In bin 90th yeur. On the 21et inst., at Southaca, Hante, the 15ev'. 15lobard Pennel], M.A., ot Magdalene tiaU, Oxford. agea St. On the 218t inet., at Newlck, Suseex, in ber 29th ear, Eltzboth Efara Poweil, doughter of the Rev. Tboeoa Baden Powell, retor of On the 234 Inst., aged 65, MOo y Ann, the beloved wife o Jamegs Howell, Eaq., of Vincent-squnare, Weetezinster. She "rests from het labnts, and her worke do follow her." On tL°e 23d SBst., at Batgg, Mary Ann Slater Owaeton eldest daughter of Robert Owston, lfq., of Brtgg, Linooinsh le. aged '21. On the 24th inBst., t Oxford. Careolne, the vrcIe of Mr. G. lItchIng ugmeon. On Thurday7 morrnIn, the 24th inst., at tho pargonage, Bovingdot, Fanny, the wife of the 11ev. Axthur Brooking, uged 36. On the 24th Inst.. at HastIngs, after a chrot IIlaess, William Henry. third ton of the into John batger, Neq., of Strattord.green. Fasse, aged 33 years, deeply iwnensted. On the 24th Inst., at LWleden, Kent, Mary olanors, wife of James 0. Earter, jun., Esq.. of Manchetetr, agtd 27. On Christmae.day, at Woodfold, iEnex, alter a few daye' iloess. of an epldemilo itiver, Susan Gertrude, age 19, second daughter of W. I. Cazy, &kq. On Chxietmae-da7, in Bruton-street, Sara Maria, eldest daughter of Marmaduke Wvill vEA q., ot Oosntable Burtou. Yoskehtre. On the 25th inst., at hie residence, Church.street. HTackney, Air. Thomas Wright, aged SO. On Saturday, the 26th Inst, at her residence, Mazy Ann, the beloved vilfs of John ublty, Esq., of 93, Walcot-pince, Kenningtou, aged 59, Onx the 25th Inst., the R5ev. R., A. fleuton, recter of Stour Provost and Tedber, seed 69. On the 25th inst., Thomas Bcearmy, Esq., of Ifaluaker Lodge, E4ast 33rinton, and Alderraanbuzy. On the 25th trst. Sic FrodtrlClc 0. T. Foster, Bart., at Wescomnbe Lodge, Wimbledon. At HIh ycombe, Mr. Charles AeBton. for mnore than 40 years stewarPd toth late ard to the prstent L-ord Caringtoni, greatly respected and regretted.
T!HB CWiISrMAS PANTOMIMES AND BNTERTAINMBNT&S DRURY.LANE. Alarger cocourse of people probably never assembled 'within the walls of Drury-lane Theatre than on Saturday night, to witness the new Christmag pantomime, which 11der the vigilant asploes of Mr. E. T. Smith, has been for some time In preparation. To render the oocasion still more Interesting that enterprisng gentleman-" pet-lesse of the Drury.lane Committee (in consequence of his strict veneration for rent-day?)-had busil employed himself during the reoess in renovating the interior of the house. An aspect of splendour combined with cleauline6a is now presented, and, in addition, the new deoorations ara not merely bright and cheerful to the eye, but appropriate and In good taste. If on the first night of Christmas festivities managers could be persuaded to commence at once with the chief Indd6nt, and allow the pantomime to reign unmolested, such a course might lead to many desirable advantages. To begin, there would be a good chance of seeing the curtain descend before midnight, an innovation greatly to be coveted. The first performance of a pantomime is, at best, a rehearsal, to witness which the (paying) public is invited. As this is only a preliminary to the curtacilments that invariably ensue; it generally consumes ab loast an hoar longer than subsequent representations, when, the indispensable "cats" having been effected, the action marches with greater rapidity, the mechanical contrivances are realized more glibly, and the whole works "closer." in the next place,-and this i worth consideration-actors and actres5e3 who enjoy the esteem of the public would be spared the ungrateful labour of gesticulating through a play in dumb-show, auid the deafening exalamations of an impatient crowd. The French have what they term "lever-de--ideeu"-a short piece, during the performance of which, at their great theatres, the audience have time to get comfortably seated, in autioipa. tion of the real attraction of the evening; but the " everde-rideau" which acts the part of usher to an English pantomime has not to encounter the silent indifference of straggling and late arrivals, but the absolute scorn and noisy opposition of a multitude that fills the house to overflow before the orchestra has strack the first chord of the overture. Seriouely, those respectable artists who are made to figure in such an exhibition are exposed to useless humiliation. The farce of Too muc& of a gooc thing, in which the prineipal charaoters were "mimed" by liss Mary Oliver, Mrs. Frank Matthews, and Mr. Roxby (for not a word they were presumed to utter could be heard, even in the stalls)-all well-deservingfavoutites of the public-suggested the abovereflection. OnSaturdaynight the Inhabitants of the " upper regions" were more untuly, I uproarious, and obstinately overbearing than in any previous instance we can remember. Tthe unfortunate "pit " was never more aptly the symbol of a " dust'hole " (a chosen epithet of the aggressive " gods "); and it was hghly creditable to the occupants that they submitted to incessant annoyance with such rarely perturbed good humour, How easily these exoesses might be averted by limiting the spectacle on Boxing night to thepantomnimeand how reasonably, since not a man, woman, or child in the theatre has come to see anything else-will be evident to the plainestunderstanding. The name of the new comic pantomime-the introduction to which is by Mr. E. L Blanchard, the music by Mr. J. H. Tully, and the scenery by Mr. William Beverley-is so long that our readers must be satisfied with a slice of itLittle Jack- Honer-; or larlequinA B . The opening is a burlesque allegory, which we hold to bea mistake. People do not expect to be edified or instructed at a pantomime but to laugh " quand meme" (any-how). "Ignorance," "Intelligence," ' ImagInatlon,' "Perseverance," 1'Ana. gram," " Proverb," &c., may do famously as symbolcal personages in a poem; but in a pantomime they are rather beres than otherwise. Thus the comnmencemnt of the burlesque, where "Inteligence" is engaged in strife against " Ignorance," only becomes interesting when " Imagination," enlisted on the side of the former, conveys us to one of her own airy castles, In the precincts of which we are treated to a splendid choregraphio display. Here " nearly 100" falr daughters of Terpsichore, with that clever, and vivacious " scorner of the ground," Miss Rosina Wright ("Roy Wright," as she is familiarly termed by her admirers) as Queen, arrayed in etherial and sparkling costumes, executed a series of evolutions, under the name of " Grand Ballet of the Belles Lettres," which, allegorical or literal, mattered little to the audience, since it was the first thing to rouse their enthusiasm. Miss Rosins Wright danced in her most animated style, and (not for the first time by many) put the house in good humour with the pantomime, which from that moment never onoe ' flagged." What par Is enacted by Little Jack Horner in the burlesque may be briefly told. Jack has a Food and a bad demon-" Intelligence" and " Ignorance,' besides a hoary Mentor, in the guise of " Proverb." This last commendable sage admonishes Jack to give heed to "Intelligence," and strives to allure him from the dangerous temptations of "Ignorance," who haunts our hero as pertinaciously as Zamiel dogs Caspar in the opera. " Proverb" eventually triumphs. Endowing his pupil with the sword of " Perseverance," he excites him to attack and conquer the various " parts of speech." With the letters of the alphabet and all that they enerate at his his command, Jack carries everything before him, until "Ignorance," perplexed and baffled, as a last expedient, despatches him on a sham mission to the depths of the ocean. But the depths of the ocesn cannot escape the searching power of "Intelligence," who by aid of the eleetric cable comes to the rescue of her prot(gi, and entertains him in her Palace of Coral, or " Fairy Aquarium," as It is designated in the imaginative vocabulary of pantomime. The contest terminating in this victory carries the audience tbrough a succession of grotesque scenes, in the course of which all the letters of the alphabet and all the partsof speech are pereonified, while the familiar incidents of the nursery rbyme are represented in action. Suffice it, the "trans- formation" (if "transformation" that maybe called where i the pantomimic characters spring from nowhere) occurs, suddenly and unexpectedly, at the " Fairy Aquarium," one of the most gorgeous, ingenious, and magnificent of all those elaborate scenic combinations for which Mr. W. Beverley is spc¢ialy celebrated. No description can do justice to thfs decorative display, which must be seen to be appreciated. As its wonders gradually revealed themselves, and the circumambient air, no less than terra firmar, became densely peopled with floating nymDhs and soaring fairies, the applause was vociferous and continuous, and a summons, first for hMr. E. T. Smith, the manager, and next for Mr. Beverley, the artist, represented the clinsx of excitement. A halo of blue fire and electric light from the " wings" then threw an unearthly glare over the whole; and the conclusion unanimously arrived it was, that such a scene would alone have Insured success. The halequinade (andthis, after all, most nearly concerns the abstract love rof pantomine), though unnecessarily complex on account of the multiphcatlon of the characteristic personages, is, on the whole, the liveliest, most amusing, and varied that has been witnessed for years, So excetlent is it, indeed, as not merely to warrant but to render advisable a very considerable abridgment of the far '-sa diverting introduction, in order that no one may be deterred by late hours from remaining till the end. The dramatis persoar in this legitimate and traditionally-respected section of the entertainment include Harlequins (Messrs. Milano and St. Maine); Dandy (M. Duelin); Spntes (essrs. Eliott); Clowns (Messrs. Boleno and Flexinore); Pantaloons (Mesersm Nash and W. A. Barnes); Harlequina (Madeimoiselle Agnes)- Columbines (Madame Boleno and hlademoisele Chrfstine)-an " emibarras dc ricleWsses," it will be admittWd. The Messrs. Eliott are remarkably clever, but their services are almost superfluous, sincenowthat ourclownsthemselvesare expectedto assume, and in most instances do assume, the functions of acrobats, what need is there of tumbling, attitudinizing nondescripts, wbose connexion with the regular " business" is worse than problematical ? Again, " EHarlequina" is surely out of place where theze are already two Columbines-neither of whom, by the way, take any notice of one whose relationship to their spangled mates, from its suspicious nature, would naturaUy excite their jealousy. And this, without depreciating the talent of MademoiseUe Agnes, decidedly the most sprightly and fascinating of the three ladies. The rival Harlequins, Clowns, and Pantaloons may be admitted without protest, as they may figure in alternate scenes. while their respective adventures have notbing in common. Moreover, there is plenty for them aU to do in the Drurylane pantomime; and the untiring energy and spirit with which they perform their arduous tasks is creditable to one and all of their repreeentatives. Declining to venture on a detailed account of the various incidents of the harlequinade, we may single out from many stirring scenes one in particlar-mrs. Soapsnad's Laundry and Drying-ground" -as ful of life and bustle, admirable in every respect, in short, a veritable " side-splitter." Here Mr. Flexmorewho to the supple attributes of our modern Clown, a hybrid, inconsistent, posture-making buffoon, unites & large share of that sly humour and loutish demeanour which in the days of Joe Grimaldi, when to represent Clovm successfully belonged only to real histrionic talent, were regarded as the essence of that personage-exhibited his several accampllshuents with singular felicity, eliting roars of laughter without intermission. Mr. Flexmore, In deed, is the life and soul of the pantomime, and the audience hold him in such esteem that whatever he attempts is sure to find favour. Unqualified praise may be also awarded to Mr. Barnes, a Pantaloon of the good old type-infirm and shattered, get instinct with mischief, and always a victim of scrapes, in wbich he becomes entangled by his more versatile and flexible companion. Nor must the racy type oi¶ dandy of fashion, by M. Doulin, pass Unnoticed. The tricks and transformations are more ingenious and in more rapid alternation than of later years, and, considering this was the first performance, were attended for the most part with wonderful good-luck. The allusions to prevalent topics embrace almost every subject that has lately attained notoriety; and the number of supernumeraries Is so large, their acting so natural, andtheirforbearance under countless hardshipsof the "spilland pelt" so magnanimous,thatit might almost be believed Mr. E. T. Smith kept a choice preserve of them somewbere in the neighbourhood of his establishment. To oonclude, pains and expense have evidentlv not been spared in the endeavour to provide the holyday folks 'with a surfeit of enjoyment; and nothing is required but a judicions use of the pruning-knife in certain lengthy passages of the Introductory burlesque to insure for Lttle Jack Homs-er, or Harlequin A B C (afternoon representations of which, by the way, are announced for every Wednesday) along and prosperous " run." HAYMARKET. The audience which assembled at this theatre on Saturday evening to do honour to Boxing night was one which mlght well gratify tho eyes and gladden the heart of a manager. It was made evident that no tlghtness in the money-market can deter the lovers of pantomime from celebrating this their fite par c=llence, for the opening of the doors was the signal for a general rush, which in a very short time filled the theatre from pit to ceUing. The large asemblage, how. ever, conducted itself with the utmcst decoram, and but for the erowd and the number of juvenile faceg the absence of the usual noiy demonstration from the inhabItants of the upper regions might have led any one to doubt whether wo 'were going, as our friends on the other side of the Channel say, to "assdi' at the iniaugaration of a Christmas pantomime, One gentlemasn, indeed, under the influenoe of the drama or of dran, thinFing that his genius for the mimic at excelled that of the actors oa the stage, during the pro. gres of one of the ao of the first piecej treated the company to a different reading of the play, but his efforts en amateur were brought to an ignominious termination, for they ended in his sammary eviction from the theatre, and consequent loss of the pantomime, but whether he continued his oration for the benefit of the neighbouring cabstand this deponent knoweth not. The first piece performed was r' lIorton's comedy of Spced the Plough, wbhic, strange to ray, considering the occasion, was listened to with great attention, and, stranger still, a rustic dance in the second act was actually encored-a fact perhaps without a parallel in the annals of Boxing night. At tho close of the comedy it was evident that every one considered tbat the real business of the evening was about to commence, and after a short Interval the symptoms of impatience which had become very apparent and very noisy among the dii majore3s werepnt an end to by the orchestra performing an overture arranged by Mr. Spilaine, and which comprised a very judicious selection of popular airg. The pan oRne, which is from the pen of Mr. Buckstone, is entitled The Sleeping Beauty in the Wood, or Harkquin and the Spiteful Fairy, and is founded upon the wellknown story of the bleeping Beauty, the production we believe of Monsieur Perrault. The opening introduces the spectator to that particular portion of the residenco of a ung and queen, who had been married for many years without having any children, which is generally the last part of a house to which strangers are admitted-namely, the nursery; and the royal baby who has at length blesead their hopes is discovered ander the care of the royal nurses, SUlreyGamp, Betsey Prig, and the finally discovered Mrs. Harris. Great waa the royal grat-ication, and, In order to celebrate in a beooming manner so saupicious an event, invitationa are despatched to all the fAiries of standing in the neighbour. hood requesting them to stand godmothers to the princess One old fairy, nowever, whose eneral amiability of character and disposition had earneo for her the sobriquet of Old Spiteful, was accidentally or designedly omitted from the lst, and therefore, bent upon revenee, acts the part of a wet blanket upon the occasion of the presentation of presents upon christening, makin her appearance and eclaring that when the prinoess arrived at woman's estate she would prick her iinger with a spindle and die in consequence. Wickedness at least in a pantomime Is always doomed to disappointment, and the vengeance of old Spiteful is frustrated by the superior power of a beneficent fauy who promises so to arrange affairs that the Princess ahould not die, but only sleep 100 years, then to be awakened by a King's son, who, of course, was to fall in love with her at sight. The King forbids the use of spindles throughout the land, but it is impoesible to avoid destiny, so when the Prinoess grows up she escapes from the guardianship of the paternal eye, and, finding an old woman BinnDng, in her endeavours to asslst her she receives the atl wound. She falisasleep,andwithher,to keepeompany on all the Maids of ronour, gentlemen, offlicers, stewards, cooks, soullicns, running footmen, guards, porters, pages, and valets. The hundred years, aIthough a lengthened period for a nap, is not interminable, and in due course the Kng's son arrives, becomes enamoured of her, wakes her, and claims her as his bride. Old Spiteful, however, vows to destroy their happiness, and upon the arrival of the friendly fairy the transformation takes plac Old Spiteful becomes Pantaloon, one of her familiars Clown, the friendly fairy Columbine, and the Prince himself Harleqdun, the final result, of course, being the triumph of the Prince and Princess who aro made happy by the friendly fairy. Such is the outline of the story, and the opening scene displays Old Spiteful (Mr. Clark) seated on a warm gridiron, which unpleant position she has beencompelled to occupy for 16 years, but release is Iat hand, and some unknown agent frees her from her uneasy chair, We then bave the royal nursery and the model nurses-Sairey Gamp, Betsy Prig, and Mrs. Harris, who greatly delight the younger members of the audience by the grotesque and ludicrous manner in which they first performi the duties of their nursery office, and then get comfortable after-very drunk indeed upon tea. In the visit of the royal parents to the nursery the remarks of their attendants created a great deal of merriment, after which we are introduced to little fairies, middle-sized fairies, and labrge fairies, wko, under the Samphire cliffs of fairy land are celebrating the OyOus event of the birth of the prinoess. The banquetingtiall of silver columns is a striking piece of scenery, and here the spiteful faisi makes herappearance and utters her weird prophecy. We are then cared on in gradual stages to the awakening of the princess, and are introduced to the golden groves of the seven fairies, and amaranthine arcades, which constitute the transformation scene. Then begins the comic business, the whole piece terminating with a view of a baroniallhall, with .hristmas as celebrated in the olden times. It is rarely that on the first representation of a pantomime everything works well and those little delays, which appear almost inevitable, undoubtedly occurred on Saturday. In the preparation of one scene-the golden groves-so great was the delay that the audience displayed unmistakeable signs of impatience, but they were quickly appeased by the completion of the tableaux, a magnificent spectacle, which reminded one of the gorgeous magnificence of the Lyoeumn under the management of the late Madame Vestrs. It is but justice to say that the scenery, which is painted by Mr. Calcott, is very effective, and in the scene of the Golden Groves the artlst received the well-merited tribute of a call. As regards the harlequinade, the tricks are neither very novel nor very numerous, but the dances are exceedingly well arranged, and the parts of Harlequin, Columbine, Pantaboon, and Clown are most effectively filled by Mr. A. Leclercq, Miss Fanny Wright, Mr. Mackay, and Mr. Charles Ieclercq. We nnust not omit to add that, among the other advantages of the Christmas entertainmenta at this theatre there is this great one, that they are brought to a conclusion at a seasonablo hour. PRIlCESS'S THEATRE. The audience who on Saturday night crowded every nook of this house were regaled, in the first instance, with the Corsican Broahers-that best of dramatized ghost storiesylayed for the 207th time. This piece was most judiciously selected for the amusement of a "Boxing-day" public. The effects are striking, the plot is intelligible to the meanest capacity, and the length is accommodated to the slender patience of those whose main object is to see the pantomime, and who are as unwilling to dwell too long on the drama preceding as the epicure of white bait to pause on the first course of water souch6. Moreover, Mr. C . Ken himself, having conferred immortality on the sympathetic twins, stil retains his original characters, and thus en Saturday he paid his Christmas patrons the compliment of appearing before them in person. To night (Monday) and for the rest of the week, with the exception of Saturday, Richard Ir. wiU be repeated, brought down to holyday dimensions by the omission of the portion of the fifth act that follows the death of the King. Thepantomime this year is, as usua, from the pen of Mr. J;M. Morton, who has taken for his theme the Countess D'Aulnoy's story of the TWhite Ca, modifying the same to an extent that would appear perfectly amazing to Mr. Planch6, the Porson of French fairy literature. However, he has succeeded in making an "introduction" that, with the aid of the decorative beauties bestowed upon it, is as gay and sparkling as one would wish to see At first wo are shown the palace of Simplesimon, King of the Verdant Islands (Mr. Paulo), whose infant daughter is just about to be christened. The benignant fairies who, according to orthodox custom, have been invited to " stand godmothers" to the bantling, bestow upon It every personal, moral, and intelUectual grac%, which it strangely acknowledges the gifts by manifesting vices belonging to all the three categories. Reflections on the inefficacy of elfin bounty are, however, checked by the sudden appear ance of the fairy lragonetta, who has not been invited, and avenges herself for the slight bv transforming the infant into a white cat, her six nurses into as many specimens of the tortoiseshell kind, and her father into a rat. After the conclusion of this scene, which is further enlivened by a beautiful dance executed by a party of fairies dressed to symbolize gems and flowers, 16 years are supposed to elapse, and we find ourselves in the ante-chamber of Down-in-the-Moutho (Mr. Eolleston), King of the Oh ! Oh! Islands, one of thoee savage potentates who are always knocking about their domestics, and, with an enormous appetite for their meals, are constantly preventing its gratification by their ebulitlons of temper. This hotheaded monarch, suspecting that his three nephews, Broadogrinno, Leughaloudo, and Jollyccko, respectively addicted to hunting, fishing, and yachting, and costumed accord. ingly, are conspiring against him, resolves to break up the conspiracy by declaring that, tired of the cares of State, he will resign his throne to the nephew who will find the largest pearl, and also bring " A lovely Psincess as his future Queen. " Whom fc rIx years and te no morhl eye has " The nephews set out on their quest, and the huge pearl is speedily obtained by Broadogrinno (Mr. H. Saker),v;ho is henceforth the hero of the tale. A most beautiful and ingesious scene, painted by Mr. W. Gordon, represents the Ii gdom of the fishes at the bottom of the sea. On the water that appears above the "Kingdom" and its strange inhabitants, who are most fantastically equipped, glides the boat containin tbe three adventurers. Broadogrinno, falling overboard fd himself among the semi-human fishes, and, having delighted King Salmon by the gilt of a brandy 'cottle, and almost won the heart of Queen Carp, shows himself a further benefacter to the finny tribe by extricating the monarch from a hook batted with a roast duck that the angler in the boat above has let down into the submarine residence. The largest of pearls is his reward for this service; and, pursuing his journey, he arrives at the "W*Vhite Cat's Castle." Lit by bodiless hands, he is now introduced to the pleasure. grounds and gardens of the feline fair one, which, situated on the bank of a glasay lake, form a scene of singulr beauty for which we are indebted to the pencil of Mr. F, Lloyd. Here, of course, he becomes enamoured of the White Cat (Miss E. Terry)-now a fine furry lady of 16-dances with her, makes vows of love, and Is accepted on the condition that he will cut off the head and tail of his beloved. Unwillingly he complies with the request, and finds his obedience rewarded by the transformation of the cat into a thoroughll human princess. Thus, armed with tho biggest pearl in the world and with a bride who answers his uncle's conditions, he easily drives from the field the other claimants, who return home with comparatively smal pearls and singularly ugly help. mates, Before, however, he can wear the crown of the Oh I Oh I Islands he must go through the Christmas ordeal, and accordingly the principal characters aTe all conducted to the ' fairy Christmas-tree in the realms of fanoy and good humour," where losing their original shape the respectively become Harlequin (Mr. Cormack), Clown (Mr. HMine), Pantalcon (Mr. Paulo) and Columbine (Mtiss Caroline Adams). The tree before which this change takes place though not on the same large seals as some of themnodern" "formation scenes," is one of the most compact and elegant specimens of mechanical effect that has been seen. The leaves which at first are drooping, so as to form a dark enclosure, gradually aris, showing a bright under sface arnd a quantity of glittering pendants, wrhile around the root and trunk of the tree are ranged fairies in bright garments, sO that the whole becomes in2 fact a structure oomposed of human forrs. Tbis scene is the work of fr. Iloyd, and its beauties will be still more conspicuous when the machinery moves with that facility wahich imo rarely attained on the firrst night of a pantomime. The harlaqrdnade is not equat to the bright and srkling introduction, but nevertheless It is above the average of modern times. An elaborate ehange from the exterior of a house to a drawlng.room in the same, and from he drawing-room to a bed-room,-all these three scenes tbeing devoted tothe comi misfortunes that befall oue Mr. Paterfarnilise, who gives a Twelfth-night party,-is remark. ably ingeniouf and clever, and when hitching is over will produce a great effect Crinoline is, of course liberally satirized at Mr. Paterfamilias' party, which Is also enHvened by the conversion of a Twelfth-cake into a miniture representation of the "Tempest,"with a tiny ship tossed upon the waves. Indeed, through the whole course of the harlequinade tricks and practical jokes are abundant, and, that the characteristic bcldf, which seems necessary to a Princess's pantomime, may not be wanting, there is a very pretty scene of a hop-garden (painted by Mr. Cuthbert), in which a dane c lled "-L Garlandaise"is admirably executed by a platuresque assemblage of pickers. The agility of Mr. Cormack, the gymnastic talent of Mr. Hulme, the grace and the vivacity of Misr C. Adams (one of the most charming Columbines ever seen by holyday eyes), are all well employed, and, as extra assistants, there is a little Hulme, some three feet high, who seems determined to compete with his father for the laurels proper to the posture-master's art; and a Mr. Woodhouse, who on a " regulation drum," unaccompantied by other instrument, gives a rub-a-dub description of a whole battle, with its antecedents and consequences, much to the astonishment and delight of the gods, Thus is the Princess's Theatre admirably equipped for the Christmss holydays. LYCEUM. The pantomime at the Lyceum this year is exactly on th° ame prindple as that which made such a sensation at the ame house last Christma The introduction is a completo burlesque, acted by a regalar dramatic company, without the addition of grotesque masks, and so'great a stress is laid on the so-called " tranformation scene " that when this has been exhibited, with all its elaborate glories, the spectators may at once retire, satisfied that they have virtually seen the whole entertainment, without waiting for the two or three senes in which Harlequiu and Co. appear for the mere purpose of allowing the Chrlstmas word " pantomime" to figureinthe bills of tho day. LaZIa Aoo-kh is the title of the piece, whicb Is constructed ban ingenlous Interweaving of the tales told in verse by Feramorz to the princess with the prose romance of which the priece-poet is himeelf the hero, the main part of the action being occupied by the journey of Lallah Rookh from her father's court to Bucharia, where the story attains its close. The adversaries who molest the traveUlers consist of a band of Ghibers, but they have a constant pro. tectress in the banished Peri, who always makes her appearance when escape by natural means has become impossible. On this canvas a Eeries of beautif slOriental views has been wrought, each of which outshines the preceding in magnificence, till ll are ecipsed by the "1 Aerial Amphitheatre," in which the benevolent Peri receives the objects of her kindly protection. Accustomed as the London public have been to the most elaborate displays of fairy magnificence from the day when Mr. W. Beverley first astonished the rorld by the never-to-be-forgotten scene in the Island of .7Jwels, this new combinaton of mechanical ingenuity with gorgeous decorations can scarcely fail to become the popular theme of gossip during the whole of the present holydays, To attempt to give a description of Its peculiar beauties (unless indeed we borrowed a technical account from a theatrical mechanist) would only show the limit at which black and white must cease to be efficient when employed to express the visible creation of an unbridled fancy. We wvll therefore say, in all brevity, that an abode apparently of solid gold, after the conversion of ita massve columns Into living Women is melted into an etherial paradise of Peris, the silver briliancy of which is wondefully contrasted by the heavier splendour that has preceded it. The change is of course effected as gradually as possible, the object of scenes of this description being not to startle the eye by the suddenness of the transformation, but to fascinate it by the slows evolution of one beauty out of another. The burlesque Is written by Mr. W. Brough with a great deal of smartness some of the puns being at onoe so novel and withal so elaborate that their force caunot be always apprehended at once, but is no sooner perceived than an applauding roar testifies the felicity of the hit. To give the work dramatic importance, nearly the whole streugth of the company is employed in Its representation. Mrs. C. DiUon is the fascinating Lllalh Rookh ; Mrs. Alfred Melon (late Miss Woolgar), asaX eramorz, is the smartest of Oriental troubadours- Mrs. Buckiogham White is an "' exquisite" captain of Ghibers, whose chief assistant is a burlesque villain, played after the Robsonian fashion by Mr. Toole; Mr. Barrett, as the father of Lallaa Rookh, is a thorough-pace.d despot of the old school; and even more portentous is Fadladeen, the chamberlain, represented by ir. S. Culhaeua, with an enormous protuberance of stomach, and a turban like the "1 great lobe itself." The principal Peri is acted by MiS Eliza Weob, a young lady new to the London pubL:c, and endowed with vocal capLbilities above the common order; and, as another successful beginner, we have MissEsther Jacobs, who represents the PrInceses waitingmaid Hinda. The performers in the trifling harloqulnade consist of the veteran Mr. T. Matthews Mesrs. A. and RI Stilt, Mr. Ricketts, and Misses A. M alcohn and MArlan Lees, vith the addition of Herr Zeliski and sons as posture-making "lsprites"' However, as swe have already said, the great matter in Ladll Rook/ is the sceneryin general and the " transformation-scene" in particular, and therefore to Mr. Fenton, the painter, is the decided success of the work mainly to be attributed. Although, antcipating the rest of his brother managers MSr. C. Dillon opened hls theatre on Christmas-eve, and proved the expediency of the operation bv the immenree audience that he attracetd, he will not make his appearance till to-night (Monday), when he winl represent Bichehieu is. Sir E. B. Lytton's play. THE ADELPHI. Boxing-night was celebrated at the Adelpht by the production of a comic pantomime founded upoa the fable of Cupid and Psyche. The scene opens on the summit of Olympus, where we behold the father of the gods, a being of majestic countenance, seated on a throne and armed with all his terrors. By his side is the grand and stately Juno, and on elther hand extends a long line of inferior deities engaged, under the distinguished leadership of Apolo, in singing tho praises of their powerful chief. The enchanting strains, in which Jove himself does not dis. dain to join, re interrupted by the entrance of Venus, who bewails the absenoe of her wayward son, and beseeohes the King of Heaven to bring the truant back from earth. Jupiter, ever gracious to beauty in distress, accedes to her request, and Cupid presentlyappears in the charge of Zephyr. But the bewitchingrogue, wounded byone of hid own arrows, has fallen in love with a mortal mistress, and longs to returnuto his beauteous Psyche. His anxious mother, to thwart his design, resolves to wed him to a heavenly maid, thinking rightly that if anything can settle him marriage will, and selects hlinerva as his bride. Cupid abhors the proposed match, and with apparent reason, for the Goddess of Wisdom is horribly ugly, and when the ceremony is about to be performed he knocks down Hymen, extinguishes his torch, overturns the altar, and in the confusion escapes unperceived from the Celestial Court. Great is the rejoicing of Jupiter at a feat which, as Juno knows to her disquiet, accords but too weU with his own practices, and his ardent attempt to console Venus for the flight of her son justly exposes him to the taunts and reproaches of his imperial spouse. The Ecene changes, and we find Cupid at the feet of Psyche, whom he easily induces to discard an earthly lover named Cochinet, and to accept his " heart and land." Poor Cochinet is blown away by Boreas, an old feUow with a huge pair of bellows, and the happy couple ascend ito a rosy bower in Cloudland. Thither they are pursued by Venus, who, under the disguise of a sibl, artfully contrives to excite the jealousy of Psyche, snd even persuades her, before the honeymoon is over, to plot the destruction of her husband. The discovery of his true character saves Psycho from the comumission of a terrible crime, but at the same time places her at the mercy of Venus, who dooms her to everlasting torments it the infernal region. Meanwhile however, Cupid has mounted to the palace of the gods to implore the aid of Jupiter. He meets with a favourable reception, for the ielder of the dreadful thunder has just dined and, sooth to say, is rather meUow The heavenly host descends in all haste to the dreary abode of Pluto, at the entrance to which they discover the hapless Psyche, surrounded by a crowd of malignant demons and half dead with fright. In tthe distance is seen the cold and venomous ~3t3x; the air is fied with the groans of Ixion, Sisyphus, and their companions in wretchedness; the roar of Cerberus resounds throxgh the vast abyss, and horrible shapes flit to and fro in the gathering shade. The scene changes in an instant Psyche, made immortal by Jupiter, is transformed by Venus into Columbine, Cupid is converted Into Earlequin, and their intro- duction to the realms of light is effected in the most brilliant and gorgeous manner. Clown and Pantaoon now appear upon the stage, and their advent is the signal for the commencement of the harlequinade. The trioks are generally well contrived, but are rather too numerous, and might be redued with advantage. All the more important events of the day-the Indiai mutinies, the commercial crisis, and the attempted launch of the leviathan-are made the subjects of endless alusions, some of them spirited enough, but others flat and feeble. There is a wonderful performance on the slack rope by Herr Henderson, the Clo,wn, and the amusements are still further diversified by xi Desarais and his troupe of sagacious dogs and monkeys. The principal charaters in the spectacle are admirably Elayed. Mr. Paul Bedford makes an amusing burlesque Jup ter, while nothing could exceed bhe sprightliness and archness of Miss Uarie W ilton as Cupid. Psyche finds a charming representative in Miss Mlary Keeley, and Mrs BUlington might serve as a model for the Goddess of Beauty, The pantomime was preceded by the drame of the Wept of the Wishton- Wish, which has not been acted for many yeas. OLYMPIC. hfr. Robson seems to have nailed his colours to burlesque. extravaganza, and this, though it may be regretted by those who admire his talents and wish to see them employed in better things than in filling the place legitimately occupled by Clown and Pantaloon, undonbtedly maks5 it more difficult to report on the production of a new Christmas piece at the Olympic than elsewhere. The Doge of Duro)to or the Znchcntcd Eyes, regarded as one of a series of dramatio oompositions which the most successful actor of the day seems to think best fitted to display his peculiar powers of
'To the SHAIIBHoLDBEe of the CRYSTAL PALACE COmPANy. LAdi&s aud Gentlemen, JN soliciting the favour of your voto at the prdseent .~.eletiotn of Diroctors of our Company. I ooate Itu bothi to no andmyelt briefly toatate the rea,olis oni which I gronrdmy exen. tatiouc of stlccee. AB an ractive member of the late Committeeci Inve,ttigaitcOa, I aaie imyselt ot the opportunity of becoming practically cinverz~nt ~vjit the Intermal economy ot ouw InttltutIon ; and it was at the earstst sollcitatiQr of sevreral Influential members of that Committee that I allowed tni self to be Place Lin :1m1lnati= for the itmportant urd rerponsibles position al ableector : and I haLve to expressi my Mrat gratitratloe at the barge amount o' supst I received mt tho meeting: of the 17th nrt., without having previO canvaused a abel,. shareS oder. Being, torn experzience, well acqtuinted writh public buslmnor, I am 11u11y aware that tbe duties of a Director are by no meant light, and sbousld 1 be elected, I pledge mly telf to use muy bee', exnrtlone for our common bwenefi; and, In the event Of MY finding that MY professional I do hoeve, fllybelevetha I hal beabl toperormthe duties of aDretor,to he eneft o th shaehodemat lrgeandwith eatisfacton t mynh; ad I herforehaveno hattateninakng the favour of !O0C s~~~ppcrt and inteereat 1, GuLdfordprlace, Iwtuell zquare, YorEfItflNsrant 24th Decembher, M7.~BED 7Tolthe -GVVER-NsOl8 of tha ?dETRoFOLfrA?N TRE IXOcIbpITAL. My Lords. Ladlts, and Gentlenien, JBoegro6pctfsllly to oferaystIf as a. candidate for the JL amu offftOf hysciln t yor Hospital. I have received the Getgrees of Bachelor aid Doctor of Medicine from the University of LOL.doo, where I have Obtained two exhIbitions and five gold medas In vselous sublecte cooneeeeed with practIce of medicIne. I have enJoyed thej Opportsnity of aisettlg in prescrIbing for the out-patients of Gu)'s Hcevital during the lat 12 montha, aind have had th e honour of being appointed thero demonstrator of anatomy end lecture: on natural phillosophy. Trtucing that these office and bionours will he suffciceut pDroofs of my ability toserform the important duties of phyelcinauo the Metropolitan Free Hospital. I be;g to subecribe myself. y,our obedient servant, 2, St. W.rya.eBURTO.N BItOWN, MtD. T~HE ev. SURGEO'5 FRE-NDS will ,LhodaSZAAR cosirtng f urf tt ad fancy articles In the listIs all Itoal urry Grden Tomorow.Dee. 10, 1857, and three fOIl,wi,c ays th prrit ofwhih ae t derst In the erection of a lare tberacl. Te dorswil beopeedat 11 o'clock a.c., and closd a 9 'clck .m.eac da. ALecruewill be delivered by the by.C. . Surgon achafemn,ou intheHlesoujet Rooma. Admimcs.fiat ay,It Sd; letthre dge Is eah.Children undor 12 ALw&s ~PRZSEYI~NTE_D to Mr. ChIlren,andfrieds f th Woeetn SatIo Wols'ertonl ftatihi. ousingexetior i edcatng he hIlrenundr is cae.k &ov. t0. NNDTIOS tin tho SARDINIAN STATES.- A APEAL is made to the sympvathIes of Sardinian subjects resident Ia England, and to thoole of Englishmen who have vi,41tcd I'aly, on behalf ot thousands of remEons whome psoperty bra been en. tlrelyc!estroyed by the recent innndatiosn ini Piedmont. ThssedlrAsters occurring in tha winter season very mnch aggrasvate the distress of three who hays lost thei:r homeg and alt thelir property. The painful details have been fully made knowo through the pubUon jonvinals, and persons ohanit%ely disposed are earnestls Iavited to contribute towasds the alleviation of the unfortunate andferers. Subecriptions will he thankfully received at the ofilceof the Sardinian Consul Genieral, No. 31. Old Jewrc7; and at the Western Bexach of the Bank of England, Boriington-gardene. T . B. HETi. Sa-rdinlian Consul.Genoral. TiRGENT APPEAL on behalf of the SICK and V) biE ITVrTI-DISTRICT VISITING SOCIETY ot ST. PALNCRASOLD CHURCH. PresIde.t-Rev. CORNELIUS HAP.T. This society is comzpelled almosrt entlle) to ouvend Ita operations from want o; fooide. it baa a Stind 01 22 VfEitora who labour among a population of 10.000 (Patly, In Agan-towli). comprising some of the. moat destitute of the Lonon poor. At this tryinig aeaaon the Provident and Committee fear that toey may be Obliged to withhold from these poor people all furthier relief In ooale, bread, and meat, they therefo2e earnestiy APE-EAL to public rmpathy to enable them to Camr on their work. Sutbarlptlo s and donations will be thsnkfulty receiTed by Wr. R. P. W. Htenas, 72 Oharrington-atreet. N.W., Hion, Treasner ; Mr. B. Baunnister, 13, John-streett Redford row, W.C., and 12, Camden-square, N.W.;: or by any of tWe Committee. UI OMR for GENqTLEWOMEN in REDUCED CIR CUMSiiTANCES 25 and 206, Queen-square, Bloomahusy. Pounded 1819. Under the Patronage of Bier Most Gracious lialeety. -This valuable lnntltntlou is arrnged to accommodate I7 InmLates, and isopen %o she Widows and D,luglterm of PrJivate Gentlemen,olficers In the army and navy, prefeeclonal men, hmbakesr and mvechants, formerly In prosperity. Additionial funds are gretly nieeded, and the Commtte e'naesiy ntrot te ai ofthebenevolent, that the poesenteffiienc of he Hme my bemainaind, and iho beniefits ex. tendd. otecintonsend onaionsint bemost thankfully received by th baners,Messs Ranom Buvere, ad Co., 1. Pallimall east; by he ub reaure, te Rv. ,f.W. uelma, Ailballows the Great sad ein an at he ome uhee al prtculars will be oheerlclly afforded. H. II~~~~OBBIN. Secreta-ry. r NDON ORPHAN ASYLUM1 Olapton, inati. Juted 1812 for the Maintenanoe and Ilducation of poor respectable Fatherlrs Cjhfidren of either Eex. and wherevr resident. Orphans mare eligible between the ages of 7 anid 11 being rtaolnd until 18. THIIItTY CHILDREN 110 girls and Obhoyr) ace to be ELECTE In January P-ext. 07 orphzans have been admitted doring the present year. 403 children are now in the Asylum,. 2,373 fatherleor cbildren hate been already benefited by thin Charity. Sub3crIptIons osunestr solicitedt to meet the curent expenditure, Annual nubecrlntlons. :el li. and 1ts. 6d.; life subscriptions, 10o Joa, sarl £8 5s., entitlng tovTote at the coming election, T. P. WIIIGHI' MA- H on, J. D. GLQNXII, Jun.. M.A,j Sacs TAUME ROGERIS, Secretary. Office, l,St. Helen's-plsoe, M.C. Qt~READ) and COALS for the POOR.-LONDON JL. "HILANTHRIOPIO 6OCIETY, for Relteving the Poor with BreAd and COals in alil parta of the metropolis and ita suburbs; o stra hllahed A-D. lISL Under the patronage of- The Rieht; Hen, the Elarl of BRAiMnESURY. The Right lien. Lord STANLZY, 1H. P. Backers-Meonse. Prescott, Grote, Cave, and Cave. The- Comm'ittee mnoat esnmeetly APPE&L for PEOjUNIARY OONTRIBUTTIOiNS to Ita funds, that they may be enabled to relieve the prevailing ditiress among the poor. Sunioribera wishing to dispense relief pornonaly -may receive tickets availble for dfatributionIn any pat of London and ita suburbs. Subecrdpti-nos oddonstiens wi he thankoully recelvedhythebhankers, or at the Soriety's offices, Motes-chamibers, 17. irenmocger-lano, Cbsap. side.o JOHN EHfPHHY HEiLaft1 Hon. Se. --Tee nson of in-an zns coume to seek and to save that which was lost." HE LNDONDIOCES3AN PEN1TEINTIARY. T Tio-he Bight Hon. and Itight Rev, the Lord Bishop of bit Willa P5age Wood. Vice-Chancellor. The Chisholm I J. T. Homne Esq. I J. D. Powles, Baq. TreasirrsrR. Tw;Inlog, Jun. Teim. Hion Clerical Secretary-Rev. lleorge Nng6e, miA, Bon. Lay Sertry u 'rneax=. Eoq, Warden yf SM. Mary Magdalene Penitentiary-The ltev. Jrohn Oiver, M.A. A SPECIAL APPEAL ts made thin ChrIstmas In behalf of the perishing victims of prostitution In the metrovolic-rmany, truly penmitent, are proewing to enter the St. Mar? Magdalene, Peniteutincy, tgbgsate. and there is rooma foe double the present number ot inmates, SBhall %sh door be shot against them for want, or Chrintiau alms I All dootitons and annura subi;vrip,ttoes to the aceount of the London Diocesanu Peo.teutliarr will be tbankiully rerulvs.d by the -resurser. It,Twiins le.. oq. It, Sran; b th Rev. G. ,'tmug6e, 13, Lowderstret Begcer-etore;by heWarden, the Wardense Hocc, lighate by3. Fmneux,Ecq, bon.Lay Secretary ; and hy Mr. r~tu, he ollcto, a th ofice Calt a-cubecs, e, Regent- ASSOCIATION for PROMOTING the RELIEF A of DBIOTITUIJPON In the [ ZPL , dfoImrvn Ohe Condition of the Poor by moans of Parnohia a-nd District lWtiug uuder to upcronteudenace and dIrection 0f tha Blahopendsjorgy Prndn-The Righit Rev, the tool Bishop of LNO Ilreeident TRUSTEES. D . The Eight Eon. W. F, Gladstone, frLP. Sir Waiter H. Farquhar, Bert, Sir Walter 0. Jmmea.BAzt. Hoeuy KIngreots, Erq. Office, 4, 1k idAotln's-place, Tralfalgar-senaro The Ponds of thil Association are Almost; exhsauttiL Immnedfiato and liberal CON TRIBTJTION'3 are required to enab?e the 0ct:mvlttteeto maotGrante to the different PistIcht VleutingSooIe. ties of the Xsetropolls, to relieve the wants of the poor during One winter. Contributions ace received' ly the tnderoneutioued bankers As, the we-s end-dlesers. Berries. Fazlibuar. and Co., St. james'sBkeet ; Messrs. Dlrummond, Obaslng-croes; HoGmes Coutre and CM.. In the city-. MemEcrr Hars. Floet-clreet ; Merss. Williams. Deacon, and Co., filrechn-lanle: Ilessrs Barclay. Reran, and Cor,, Lomabard. street : mud at the office of the Aneocltlon, No. 4, St. Mlartin's-placo, Tral algar-Pquare. Alot Ofof ontrlbutiono vrill be published after Chrlotmems-day. 4. St Nlartin's-pisco, Trafalgar-equare, December, t85?. rlI"HE LINEND)RAPEItS', SILKMERCERS' I.LACEM InN's, BARIM"lIAIiEI.S'. and IIOSlERS' INSTITY TION.-The TWENTY-PIRST ANNUAL BAELL Will be held at NV,'lins'r,Roomsu, Xing-atreet, hI. James'a, on Thurodey, the 7ab of Janniary, 1858. Mr. F. C. Beaten MIr. . Lethem ll,r. Richard 13dlban Mdr. 15. lorley Mr. EBerry Clayton Mtr. W. Newton eAr. Thma rase SIr. Thos. Costa Mr. D. Ealwood Mr. James Park Mrt.. (eo. HTenry Edgair Suer. S. Itmieell Mr. T. GrIlLs Mr. W. Stone Mlr. Predk. K. Clover Br. J. 0. Tompeett Mr1. W. ii. Johrlm Br. Si. Waehboutne. Mrl. Henry Liwes gentema andlad ortwo adls. lc;andtreblmetcet o~ admi a 'lo I)OYAL WESTMINSTER OPHTHFALTMIC JiRROIOPITA-L, Charinsi-creose. founded In 1818. for Relievming ta Poor atfllctc-d with Dioceses, of the Eye.-The Commnittee, although heoltating to renew their epplication to those benefactors who have already Po kindly contribuited to the funds of the Juetitntlon. doconifidsrLtiy hope, that if a more general kuowkldRe of the services end the urelulntera of thin valuable Charity, and Its dependent orate, could be diffaeed abrogad ample funds might he drawn towards its mnaIntenance, eait thus cablhi it. under the blew tag of Provdence, mtli toa&draInirterlarcoy to the relief and comfortof the alliloted. Tbereare 70 beds for tn-vatients ; the wards are large and airy, hut the want of meansDr.rcrlidee the adrumliton of half that number. Subscriptioas rece,ived by Meaers. Coutte arid Co.. bantersi, Straned : by ldetcms.D-um. mood, lhaitkore lharlnc-crowe:su:ad by tee Secretary,a at he Hospital. ING' COLEGE OSPIAL. -- ChristmAg K ~ee TheComitee aresty rlllt t tistime ASSISTAbE current expeno~~~~mues, which, searn, re uuontly eav, and to cocaThi Hopitl rpytos edial id o te 40.00 PorInhabitants o1 within its '-.alis.. ~~!th The eo~m lcllon of the new buIlding is a subject of vitalimportance. The new6 w3rds, which are already df"se eand ocptAd are found to oonfer such mnormous advAntages upon the nik hat the Colmmittee earnesly desire to comrplete daring the cominug year the work which ther have begun. The apeals made up to the Presenttime have boon ro nuccoceful that no1 mere, than £i1&600 (on,i oif £41,01V) Ia cOw reqiired tou net ray the current expeonse of the Years 1817 sod I81, end to finish the building. The Committee trus that mnany will be di-posed at hibs season of Chrstin rjoiin tooym.ator wih, nd ffrd cubstanisal aid to, TI OSPITAL for SICK CHILDREN, Gre&t NJ ~ ~ ~~~~Ornond-street. J. LAl3fuHaERE. F.oq., Treasurer, It". Sir H. B. DUKINFIELD. iHart., Chairmnan of Comraitt,ee, This Institution Is stilt the onily Hospital in the metropolis specially net spars for the receptiont of nick chiUo:eu, while, yet 400 Oout of every 1L 50 deAthis inst year In this ctOy were stated by the 0filicer of enjent to be three of infants under five yearn old.-9eo The Times. Nov. Rh. A large garden, spacloua wards, the complete separation of rontlcicuie discases from other mce a sPecial, dietary,trnd nursets, and all the arrmapements to muo icEcitd weLt. aud a convaleroent chid happy, and to send it home better io heart saul In mind es welt as in body, have p.Oocesittnod an outlay which thle present subscriptions do0 hut sex Partinily defray. The Present ImuildIg contains 3t beds; a very moderato expense would St it for thei reo ption of many more SInce it was opened in 1852, 35,00 out-patients and 1.480 in-pat'etst have beeunadmitted. all of whom were children under 12 years of age, acid 28,510tO aof.is under five I Ears. The poor among tboraselvea support a Samaritan Fond in oonnoxion withL thel HOeploa, for the help of tihOe who are discharged, and to isend convalescent children into the country; ensd aub.'oibe £10D annually In p-ence to. this Dvporre The Hospitcal lisn the midat ot the oe~ theyknow it, rellle It anid'out of that: penury they help It. It gno far Om the dwellings' of the xlcht-will thesy not do Something for It out of their abuonduncee? The Hospital is open 'laily for tass.ertion after 12 do'lock, and the Comnmtutes earnestly invite all persnrso to visit it. (Jsutirutions will be ithautffdll received by thefollowing tOn'crsa )Seaer Hetritas, Frenbhar, sod Cu.;- hIesroine. ifiien-v jDeacon, and Co. ;&Wrife. Ho3ar e, et-street.; by, the I reaoqrer; by the lEo,.'. ,y arySs re'jy- or by the Bistron, Mrs. Hire. an the B-lepit.%L ke I., el. It. A, BA ILl VA1b, 41oc 5e9 ~T. MARY's HOSPITLAL Pladdiugton.-The AID) of the benevolentIs solideled for hL4 IcaUtution, which, being unendowed. lesIn coisatant need of 3adstsiace ROPT. J. N-ZVVMAN Sec WOMIEN, Soh6- quare. I-V- DISPENSARY frCONSUMPTO.NIT 155. Tickets 0it. 6d., smupe' and refrteshmentslrcu.d i'oe band. SAXI, FOWELL. SEcretary. I2,Nwlon.tei of funds. PRICI!' Iti'tE,Hu Dec. 24. OSBORNP 0085 Sc -AAMA-RITzV FREE 11OSPITAL, for Womeil and Chidrn OrchLrd-atreet, Portrnsn.AnwrcC0NTR1u. TIONVS are eanestl aolicited to meet the Innreaine demnands on this tharity, whicb relieves an average number deity of liO patlents, The admission Is free, suffering and poverty being the only recoi. mendat'lon. 'rb, Hospital books are Openda1from 10 t IllS, when ladles are Ikvited to visit asd inspet the aetIb hment. IASSof the FAL-~ROTADE DISPE~NSARY~ Treassaem-John Kadetmran, Ee., MI.P. Hurgeon-Wllliarn Harvey. lfcq., F.It 0S. ThisnstiutionIs openTuesdays and Frdays to the indig aLted with deafness, noises; in the head and eaws, mud di~asne,; of the throat, ,The public "re earnestly' enxtreated for assistance to enable the Insi. btlontSOafrd the re muirements for the Incresaing number of appit. oants, Subscriptions will be thankully reoeivedf by Uowrs. Mnaerman sond Co. : and at the Dixpensary, by H. SMYTH, Sea TENEW LNDON ISEMALE IJNSTIT~UTION T.Lad LYING-IN HOSPITAL, TBIIngton, 1857.-Toe object of this Institut!oals to facilitate the educatton andnrooertralenisof rormen sas nidwives and nursecand as a guarantee of their Competency to furnish them with a certidied diploma, subsequent to a thorough and Mealen medical examination, and to afford married women accomueodatlsn Sad oomflort durlux their sondinement unader the proteotion of their own. nix, with the directions of eminent medica~l men. The building wil1. be extensive, slid on a grand scale, befing Car advaneed by securing a beautifu ei itu on the high road, Islington. and good funds being at hand, but fron- the Imsmensity of the undertaking lares sescurses are still wanted: therefore the promoter has to appeal to a liberal and geerous pblic in London and the country for aselstmice in further. acreofti meet laudable cause, the meritst of which deserves to be resonded to by every lady and gentleman of onr land, Every luformatton will be afforded on aDPplmIatn to Mr. L J. Yicg. To erierons desirous of arsisnog in this humnsu obJect, a prInted receipt and vlew of the building. ncr return of post or berer, on recetet of a donation or subscription. The usual advantages to donors and sub. scriber by visitin or rewommendlng patients. A swummry' of anl oDntnlbotlons at the eazliest pottlh1e ero-d to every contributor. Donations and subscriptions will bereceived to the Treasurer's goeonnu, Mre. bohn Jfames Kln, bylbte banker of the Institution, Mosemes Jones Loyd and Co.. Lothbury, London, B C.;, by Meters. Es3rueltt 'Hoare, and Co., 62. Lomberd.etreet, EO.:. Messrs. Smith. Paine, amcL Smithi, 1, Lumbard-street, London, LO. ; or by either of their branches or agents throughout the untted kingdom or elsewhere. Pockt atios ordees to Mr. Xotin James King, office of the InutItutIot, IS and 14, Klngalau4.plaoe. Kinesland, London, N.E., payable at Mr. Sawtell's money arder odie. Islinaton Lcndon, N. lii ETOPOITA COVALSCENT INSfl TUTOIf-Psslen-flc Gac th Dke of WELLINGTON. -Th Oficeof onoarySureonhavngbecame Vacant by, the CHAIOLEB OMS Sceay 'A R. YNARBLE'sRA ICLDMNT . £11.FONS ot theOPEAIESREYofteTRA n sidence, 15, SavIlerw. eetmeiameonrenigthicad and to students oni terms wihmyb setie fM.Yase The mode Of aDpplYing theatfca mamwiloechoasn be a leading feature of danlu S ECRETA&RY.-The Comnmittee o naesneng of thlbe Hospital fo!rConsumptttio and Dis so teCet,bgt notify that tho appointment ot SECRETARY Is VACANT, In consequencOe t the resignation Of Mr. Crase. Prluted instructions for candidatfs may ho obtained at the Hospital, whiere, alerse. applications for Information are to be made. The salarr winl commence at £20 tier annumm, with a prorpective yeach' increase of £5. Any c-andidate pecreonaly soliletlogsa oto,or either by himselt ar by his friends,dlecty ar indirtetly c&anvassing for the suipport Of an7 member oC the rem. soittlee. before hae has been duly declared eligible far election, will he absolutely diaqnallhlsd from going to the poll. Brompton, Dec. 15,1857. PHCILIP ROSE, IHon. S3ec. FP~O the AFFLUET- poesoflgnteai .1. high standing, ihhsnmeosfity are, through onavoldable clscumsatons, seue otegraetsristo enable thema to maintain a position whcteyavfoyar struggled to acquire, and made tovery possible sciiet anan They are each dte their u ottoavert therunwihmpdsoe them, but their hee ener. gles are paralyred for wnofpent a.cne Full articurlac. With testImonials and ref orusa h is hrce,wlbe furuhed to. an y one who, Ina trueCIsinprt,rnspahewthadalt thsewho have sparenoeetoofterOnRfrncsaepmitted tu be made toMrEmeslbrrsn8,rcvn.tet et Faton-equare, letters beint drecdK ATE!T.UOURNE COLGE AYTw~Ater, W_- TV 1ev. OHARLESM CEZE .. Fsbenday ofS Paul's, Pinlnlpal.-LENTTR,15,wl OMNEo ody Jesnuwy 1lth. Applictnsfrpopcueanfrhr rt'hs tu be made to WL I MP U IN o .Sc F'HE BISHOPsSOTODCLEAT T1.SCHOOL. nowaflitdwtth LodnUiesy,ncus amonU rtroens haMost Noble h aqi onhn The Right Hon odVson tmhr The Righit Hn.LrDee T. ChambersEt Cmo areent for the city of London. Prlnips-JOiEP BEL, en, M.A. Cantab. RE-OENSTheeda Jauar 2 Tw nupOs took homnouronemi Classics, oneInMte tlst the Las London Matricutlation Examination. fAD IES C LLEGE, 47 Befr-_quare. -The. wfi BEGIN for the Lent Term on Thuriday, Jan. 21, Fees :-For pupils takioig the entire coame of study, £I18 lBs a year, or £7 7s. alatrm ; entrance fee, ;SI la. For pupils attewong two or more classes. zel Ils. Oil, a term for three classes meetingtirce a week, andI ;el Is. for thoese meeting once For puplils atiennsi one ClAss only, X22m. a term for damesm meeting tWoo a week, and LSi liz. Otd, for those The bhool fur Junior Pupils will Re-open on the Uame day. The fees are £5 Sc a term for pupils under, and £6 6,. for thosw above, 14. P,enetsema be had onx Application at the OCRli. anid Afuthe particular bywcten application to the Secretary or the Lady Presi dent. JANE MARTIN If U, Hon. sea D YAL AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE. LI, ~~~~~Cirenoecter. I'stron-Hir Royal Highness the PRINCE CONSORT. President of Coancil-Earl BATHiJEST. PrIncIpal-Bay. J. S. HAYGAIITH, M.A. Psofeesoss &c. Chycnltr-J, A. C. Voolclker, Ph. D.. F.C.S. ,foology. Geology, and cIotany-Jas.Bucknean. XG S. P XL. Vterinary Medicine and Surgery-G. T. Brown, XE6N.VS, Burvsying, Civil Engineerin, and Mathematoes-J.& J16-Cogn C.E, Practinal Agzlculture--J. Coleman. Acelietat to Chymical Professor-A. Stbwon. The FIRT SESSIONT of 115 wIll begin Febarmsy S. Fees for Boarders :-Under 16 rears of age. 65 guineas Per annum: between 10 and 1I. 70 guinesac above 18, 80 guIneas, The fee for out-students is)£4 pe annum. The chief attenition of the students Isf direted to a dtitigenit attendance on thu lectures on practical agrIculture, inorganic, organic, and agrcultural ebymistry aeology, botany, veteriary edloine, sad sur- soe pa ticlisrction ionlg agIutrsgivennby the ded rosrvy f" eveollong the fandm,weure the stdntshav an ofppethortuniteyn of beoming so. qunatote wlo ith ;~; andikigpart In eooy,b the maulorrtat fhsandry. i.rwell-zappitd laboral itory I devoetvedloisrcio nryi mnipulation an d anatloss, whict hareaught t1oeacthtcas,o mlenthe Itdnts bave opn underthesuofewIntendeteat operaofes, Dos, ChmoAemde. and his assealsut. ~ ~ mthrnake ad cu adm asurinf-oIn atheousean the thaodo can apato toeruthon .Heneas InOSoLd itn' pAV Actca SC eOLg, byoth Prolfessgois JL prsey 1an Nahtuera HstoryO repetvely. sn iies rnt o h A bverteriary hospithNal hidu fltr thean receptIon ofdiseased ani mals ce,onealdc-r ipeatios,wllso ptharmay Pout. aTtahed,UIL where th stuewntshave jopportnite of aftereseingolloerathonday 'Bytrtins ord pler ofther0apeuti, pLFR t EMESrtemdo Agocodsysem of farm, Dec,nl Islad4 eo1 tem ndthyr peioill exmiedastothi acquaintanCOL with what hAsVbee doea Ctefrm, Nand as st hi MAR rN ENGlencyInaG.-ricultural fTormtoni gene ral. m tor;a6GetBignhi ogb n debteudio is also anfrd "Won a arithm tic, n,e athereoeavrthi, nd cnaturacivelto thei sr irveyingt andemenurtion, aiandfOter banch ofa nretpecta oandf h pInforetioncn be hadchonbappicgutndnmto tho apupiovlsa(whetherson of ~aallo marn e fcrso nt)fr h rieete.ortheNeal Mltary, oned,Es mindi,asCcintpnW' anSeles,andfor mercantile or otheir purfon ulter the PUPgt tarenreNewcepupils weijoinan tor after ugthe follvin ondorwicay. n n tedd ho ordbi-aertof the Cosnlleg baLFbeenpoD c forES t ec Nelw-coi,g Kensts-.S, T eat 24,1587. ekidexss,ad ht h engINer andtborog s iad MARIN e obE neGIN wouldbeProstpesir-Toler In agv~al owencad marIimtisorses,Grat Bitan hise Ilontahe in. T dh!ebteCrher weoalt Naed hasitton as aoonatifon,thefarndeverthiongry conuie txostheir iiportRemento andib exensionctleaimsdsppoerasng onatonalf benomit nthe perfctuion to hic shIppfielng oferdmacinery hoe ctiuowbebruh a d)rop rtoat of lttle IrrAustve end t.b iut,gsonernsh ofthe edurtiryno those deiysell tro follts fubue posernitymarine as n pndertakin, theuubeve undertawing, ItgIsthoped,nwillThet the aprova and oDuppertao salles enighod. tenedmreWmid,as t il enotdblepupilsjiningtIeCllg to acqua iPran oireathoroug pracTetOica nandtienific b nowlledgenar of therwere whioh, undrom theme ttalgented wouldptba Inevincibley to wnthlnt the service or which ntheyxreinThe nded.Toetakgblismet og hsCllg a been Bumtp,ad recie p pr~ orvth ofolwn theasn :-5be atharte t I notendedo the kindexits and th-cat thep wilth nilla m eatmo poawer reple tewhichth eeryulloomfor ta mari onve eninererandA ROthcODh essa ol beo b trained wouldbermostpudser abletIniaygo-atcommeg ratcial ad nmtrtisnntion 611ice tltais.2 That forhIethe Roya) lNa nvyhsIs chttclmrin both aeoating, and bratlnai therid e extists n portnitu fobr ashighncesecabl and Ik nto erp ofn un, tcnof themi conmonity oagus thei prfqiua ble sobas onstaittereduless athyen ter theu navqatl seric eTand,=a thcommercia and Mpacitmen wihcrstitu tote h lremsportico of L o thoprduthire an mmasdelsgwalth owb e. n forhalthot ceus,tisboy our cecatsrimof neomerianmaineom would to qislifled to asume an Impor a'tpsionithevt vantages, telfienifo, mOetal or moral, which are held out by this olI, It would be hlghlyadvantagceou to many. to Pursue thi course otfstuev if not detinea even to foUow it s a profeselon: as itwouldimpart healtM and hsrdLneestotheoonstibutton, andsuch information as woldboeever re-minently eefal in any part of the globe: and for this reaon e attentiona f Preats and guardiAns is called to tho fact-that manY, though welU provided for and left with means. should they lose or be deprived of the eamo, or friends, and thrown upon thrir own yeources, even tbougb bghly educated, might experencoe muoh dJiM. culty7in obtsining au table eumployment-not co this case. as a eoonre at thib College would be su Investment that they could not, under any oirumstances, be deprived of, and, as the servnio of men possesalg suoh knowledge wil ever be at a Dremium amonu oll maritimae nations it ensures them, undorany revetase agenteoled hcnomarbleoIUehoo<& The offierse, petty offlcers, and crew. as also the pleceptors in their varlous departments, wll be seleoted from tbose po ssesig the higbhet tesUmonlals, and sdentido attainments : nor wilt the zeligeous or SUata,y interests be lost of. Oa a chaplain and experienced furgeon will be attached to the shiD. The moat perfect dislDplne will be maintained. and every encormgepment ofieed to talent and Perseveu6rc, As sooa as tbs requtied number of Pupils are entered, the ship wLI be put in immediate commissdon. Parties desirous of availlng tbemeelver of the high advantages ihus offered are se oestod to make early aplicatlon to the district agzent for the College (which are betas appointed In all the dpricpl townes in the Idusdom, OC whom temn.. ic,. can be oO'taicrdIlcindlay aind Cc0., 1S4, Blchopegat!e-etreet within, and 63, Cosnblll, Laondon, EC.a; or 8, St4 alfIrn's-place, Chacing-cross, W.C,; or to the manaur, Polkrestone, Kent. T : MIDDLE SOHOOL, Peckham, London, S.E, as asapted for first-class mercantile instruction. Every DupIl i-, as far ao posible, s-el grocmd d In Eaglfsb, made to wdte a hand fit lor bauine3s, an trained to be qutk a c ountsa wbile the modern languages, atyis5try. and mechanios are alsoiberally Provided for. Terms moderate and inlusiuve, Holydays eight weeks In theyear. Sobool le opers lth Jan., 1818. J. YE&TS, F.RG.B, PrinclpaL N.B. DurLng the psit sear, youths fromathe uppe dIvidons have been received ito some o the largest mercantile, manufacturing, and engIneering dnrs in the kitgdom. sERTIFICATED MISTRERSSES WANTED, after a.I Chclsuasa, fo- the Gsisa amnd Itfaats'Natiosaltchools, Selby. Scholars, 120and 110. iSalaries, in additionto Govermnent allovance-s 80 anud I411. A J oint housee. Vocal musIc. Address Rev. F. W: DIFFOlUSLT CHILDREN-Some of the moat Ferious ciappointments aDd evil incideDtl to domesia life masy beov7erted by menus of a ekullul PillTtbOO-. GfCALA c ALYSIS of the niental constitutlonsof children. Mr. D(sNOVAN briDgs to this s'te. oissy leers' spse, lence4-Loadon Bchool f Phm'oloCy, 1, 4daIue.etrcet, aTrafrgar &11u05mg TASTINGS in TWO HOURS by tho BRIGHTON~ H.a LIE Fart and express trains. cheap Saturday to Monday ticket, See time tables. QOUTfH-I&A pHAH B--I1WAY.--kHAlBTII!GS and ST. LRONTABD's iu TWO HOMib.%b the TssmtrId&Gewtl1s Fie or detaiinof sfre of Wneseetlmo .~ VAcksts,22L. 5.I LM am..ins and2d class I. In 1. &5.; restr. Vckete 17's. 6d. and IO. 5d.: gi CM.m.. lit tci5 oaly, Ie.L: veann tkckets 22a. G. lin.iaa-30 tn,,1stand Id dsta, retur ftikets available oEx 11h ~~~ ~~RAILWAY.-Chrinstnass Pur'. Stnlo,.-A~ELSbewee ReA.ngand London are 00ONT" by te Soth astrn aIlwy Cmpan atthefoflowiog creAtiy reducedates:?arcesnoteeecdlg.ih -7 7lb.. 6d.: - 141b,. Sd. 21lb. 18.; or ver adltlnal lb ' oliib, Id. FOr Darrelaaboe 12 l. se pintd bils t te satlni.Tbee rates include bookng ooddelver InLonon within 2mieofSeret-bouse. in diinotesain as London brdeiasaeoaeelved at theComanys olir.,162. Oeapld; 4, Rcen-cIcu: and the At RadIn. a tbsSouh-Eater halwayStpttlon, whezs every sosTo rans aspedy elieryallpaselssholdbe3 addressed, "to be on Tee. 0. . EBOD.ALL,General Manager. G ODSIo~ heCO.MNTZENT.-The tIOUTHEATR ALWAY COMPANY are now prapared to .uonet thr,uh ate uona rduedscale for the CO WE ANCE of NtSIROldANIrd fromLonnn toPattis. Fo prtolers avppl to Mr. B.B Nden god suerntedet,Brl=I=eo Arms Station, Old C 1HEAP DAILY RET'RIN TICKETS IWto- BRIGHTON-flat class, IS&,' seconid clara, 9s.--ure ISSDXD bythe train leaving Lcsdosa.bridge at a1 som, returning from Brighton at8p., (Sndaysexceted) Sturday to lmfodzy Ciseap tickets to Brlatog,Psssmo Liteam ton Boguor, Chlol,etter, Hzetlngs, St.Leoar's,Besbn, nd sa~eorn are Issved Svr aturday Jogtie ad are se tmetabesof the London, lirlgaion and South G BET WETERNRAIL WAY.-Chitnsael Island,. -TCET Ro fISEy an,d GUERNSEY, via We nonth swe now ssud a th PadlntonStation, enabling pasesgera Inbro the jourey a Ohl~eol~Doeheetr, o Weynout, saes, rail and stea, Aa, ad O patlcuarecan e otaIed on appli"sA.ta NORIFOLK R-AILWAY COMPANY.- Notice Ii ,hhereby givera, that the OFFtICIff of thia Company hare been 15IMV D from 69, Lombard-street, to 41, itoorgate street, Loe.don. By order, JAMIR HUTT, Secretsry. C ARA4TEED PREFERENCE ISHARLES of-the CORN WALL RAILWAY.-GUAR&NTy2gD PRijcFIfII_NcZ SHRSof.£20 each,hearIng5 per cent.isitereat, pyble half-yearly, guaantednadr pecal ctof aslaneI by lbs Great Weatean, ErltolandExeer nd out Deon aIlayCompanies, are naow see.P. . Thmasand onsre0 tsetdneed le-trveot or esss.ied, on,andWod, , Wrnorfcut, Thaduwrogmrton- OOkPARY-LOSSO onrder of the-The DrersorsSoethe Sit M.boune adSeresRilway Comany are ppaeds5rcev rASTfoRLONS of MONY,IAn susAY £1Oad PwArds, sec'At Noti dbhentrebyfo peidvetat IcIEMTuon thre ov ers following £ppllmtiescrobe made toe Ozn. Soci (By order ofttheeBo d of Serearyd 81, eIng W,flo.lam.teob ono, Dec.. Dos 8. ND1 YRS07. e JUANTEMSTUNIO SHEFIELW aY d COMPNY.-T, BERCRMA.Notiee in heretby given. thatINEETuo the fOlowin NUARYBA F-YED OYKI of the Cofpny the * haehoCredtrs' ototta tiredPo er,Cent. Stck, snd Lthlobe Rveaidway,Hal per Cendt. tock Deceatmbe respect JIvoely Prcaers o aredf&, therefore inyorfe that, t ent,itle athemselvest the Intelyeto that willrbe durpeon f the ltintn.m itwllb noes ha Metransfe ded beouto ,lobed withthed Secrextry eb warrants forInteresttothe0edompthecurrndtouhal yorwilleee leaned ton the zodotheprwhexmno. of And SHIRoe RIs WY-olei herebyy givrgt en, that the eit fSoRDkIan bancestern Sheffioel, CmandyiclsnleRiwy will be Coe r heldt ato thie Pal f atinerote In, botheer onp Walutedne. h 0hdyo au th fofAtr 1 certaONIANsae InA theYCompany,andYt auhorse u shre obecldo EXR otherwis diNpoced ofT. o h aldna Shaesinteaaov Company.hl atenbClsdfm the lethnalHal H to hezo 0thet dayTw of anTuary,18. bthe 2 dayso Deoluarmer187 Int &car-, RUG~Caimn Theaneretier. entcmbeg~ 1the MeDWtn BOsS,n Seenl,itary, lesAlved)unanirnoRu L AYCO PAY.Ata EThtintrmsofDItAY GENERA s EETIN of the Caled onanItaUw GRailway Comany,held Aot,b7 the Cmepcants' hall. andtdohensrcet, strolved unanImouslerdy61 t 1,0D That In ermsof te 1th sctio of he aednaRily (Grntn eachs)Act iS7 te oman shll ad o erby guaante n prptuiy afied Ivden 8prret e nu th ailwa and Works Maucethori.db h dAt GreLatR Georg pareticlr Wemappytor Sr.W.fe nihm ct opfie, Bull tand Ionth. Se Matin's-lGrng. nd;adThsoen OYLSOUTRALHRAIL A COMPNYANY.-tLe i bar?ien.-ththe DieToRASFare dBOOeS of reciving TENDneRSy ofheNS int dayn of jnoty les8s bthdanys80 forluthree Joy tve Teoesto beak drnc to the Seecretarun, ato the Clompdany' offimes, MoThe aiwa in Ire entirerletgthifromeGfrwardsdntottheaProt will be apeed for teraff In the ensuing` ok oirng te. hdyo Dome Dec 1818. Byodro h By4rd Grer 0. COO OR , Socecz. IEYLOAN RA TLWAY RAILWAEY.-Sotjopei MJhrb givNT. SThatthLTING E BOOKS-Th DIFN this Company wIllcb ofOJIuufrom ietuesday,be AIb the Lonhdayofneebr 1857. tok Bank makFinge uptthet,A Inteet seoont.Copn to the lsteda ofneember W OOMP&N Y-The DIVIDr-NDS oathe B ronds ofths erom Ianst Bye ordter s ofth J oasdy 15, 0. It. O'PE,a Shecrtaryo. 8.Boedstoek-Bankild ine, Loneon, Daeemb ouer .185 pos2t'. lef.Omda Inteet cnonly adt eitrdtaeodr RUFFALO and CETALEHUO RAL AY IL per Company haeNT. ed ST rLIGoBtonD -Teeg DIALEND due-on the o ble no Mr he2t of Janaysexnu1.ilb ArD y, the Londa.on oint-Stork h oak,f Fsneb -use.et,nsuing.hDusc,ou uponsth rteof be left oene day 1~ILLINOIS CNTRALRAEGRAILILROOMADY I NCotPiosi be-Teb DivIDND ena the Boerineds ofe uthin orn. any, Dureona otthelt IiofsJanuary.1l Railroadto PI at the SUnRon. left oneda previlfously. mayfr UNntefolwn Ch aouPnt.-otie, In hrerebo groiven frthatse Dnfuredtors ofti teCompany,hv passd al recogntiona amakeqingeaenLs upton thelt PoJ Inexteis Shares ofi theolhundedo pil 87 tof £5 pe share £S,O00 O. hs bondsofor the 1mpah fofbl Janouary.an beIssued nrorBefsoreth o Twebe ty next oensun. Dicon ate 0theo rabty of61e cn, e Tw tILALIceOIS o CENRA RAbLRoAD 2icO M PAY NTice is hereb gient tha the undeo Arsigne ar ulorrdb th ieTorsof ntheDm1 Central0- Railrad, torcev SBOR T TOS e beal oenth COmayfraLAon the followingst,]M A thle amoutrenird in tordetrmtneprovidefo the unfundtieda deb ofa' the Compan,adalolgtions andprequhrwinmenyn upet the lopn l aeat itadt Juyhex is gthremion twoLuehundsred t bolimntodolr by te nuberof0l The bondts rofthaCopan for thisbuamout oil bhe Issued viUe nm pof cperthousnd dollarsbeachpo,pybl winh then yexoeno dthed suehmryo0lono 158ldbearingexnseregsoatithea ragte. wof coe pere rhen preereaceum, payble sem oti-nnuly TheA proincdthipa anbditestton bre paide pior the the subariptons 5ther loan ail bhe parableo ath cpat, with ccred Yok rtwtentyd per Dcent,one,a the 20hofFebrury 1818r. Rbz Twen n G. nt pecnt.n Ond the 20 oft oMa crch, 1855. Wte TweheCopnty per cet,hon thme 2f0th ofAprla.1. Ten per b nent onS10 thes 2ubwh of May,pad 18a5er5at Thiertyed peoricnt,o the rigtht uarb o 5sa of Auts.1e8 AsMM Iti mossibl te todermiane wbefoLregtwl e-eo the reseciv daysowhc then opotionas expierhwmn sharec n2 thearompanyenl thne aptiona rissphns thued obiareionvt Ise bnsmute lmtdbytenubro hAllmoesais rcmmand. onthe dostrnlbun of thee bptondswillhbe Instpo. poartion to eac aedrition with thea ecetion of thenlu fund,whchllaus of iutcivesta to this lboan, provided then obtaripablostare mader prior and withs theCoepa ny pamet theltie ofsubcrlibing Bhorl teahoben of $,0 thus poo- onntb subscribed, and pIdfr etifct wlleef beIosuedsecurngetesri ordeht toPaythrie florting shaest of she Campialy Sto moe the Compny whic raeigh wthe defipir,%eaondls t day of February. 1261t anury.18 thus issued arethisComnan amed. Should the whole Of GThIspONE, lose not heabnbacribeel, and it therefore - __ beoms ecssry in orde to pa th flatn deb of the amount represenited by the land actually enclocad, and holders bavn tihe Option Of pilIn tnem at par as purchase-mosel on ralen of any of the Company's land. Coupons f'or the halt-yearly Intereai at the rate of 3per oent, per annum ace attached to cash obligation. The obligations are to "'bewrer,l and will be repaid at the expiration of seve.s years. lull Particulars, with form of the obligation, reports, km., may be obtained at the, Company's ofmose. 2, Moorlrat'e-tceei, London. December 1857. G. FASSON, Secretary. Members Deposits.. 1.051 11 U Advances to Memnbos 10g0 0 I Members' Advances Other Advances -. 141 18 ii Read - . 141 15 2 VDise7ds and Corn- OtherAdvne e missiont .. .. 1814 2 5 sld .4 ,0088 7 6 SondryRipmenie .. 4 11 3 Fees .1~~~~0 13 a GOsh.. 1..6.505 0 2 £6,180 19 2 £6,lta 19 2 Liabilities. Aseets. Members' Caipital .. S'13,161 11 0 1 Members' Secusrities 81.832 1S I psoft - .. 3,218 11 3 Cah , ,, . 180 10 2 WIP £3616,10 2 3 32166410 2 3 14, Moorgat&e-treei, Dec. 26,1857.R.b J YNAounal TNITY FIR and LIFE ,ASSOCIATIONS.- SHARES eithe PURCHASED orSOLD in the above Compa. Aoe.A plvto Thoma Ileosuss. 7 5. O ld S's,oad-trest. AMRCANK RAILWAY 1SEOURITIES. -The un2deRrsigned, as the European agents, of tbe Amesican Railaoadl Joanrnal, have recoleod n further supply of IIAPS, Elmowlng the routes of allthe linen3ofrailw%y in the Usied States nidsf anad. New subscribers to the paper are entitled to a copy free. Price t" non-30sb 2crib~re, I.: anual u-mboccptione, 1E6s.2d.-A.LGA?. tiandSIRsET, 11. Clement's-lane, city. A MERICAN SECURITIESI for SAiE-Now York Central Six per Cant.. Illishi2an Cesn-tm let Mortgage, lchlse outern st ortage,La roee ad Mlilwausle let Mor,, cage Maiett an Cinbnnli lt &orceg,nod other S ecurItIei.- Persns ishng t 17 VET o SI2L ee rsre tod 5. Onmunlcase3 withtheundrviued whr wil edeaourIs bteln tee etch the moan sod se liasasal poitiO .1 .n n~i'ase. tn So 'c-pliedl. ~,o uneeot fse s roslt u petae.-U.IAMLlAN,iE, I, Thxog. COMMECIALBANKING COMPANY o1 th atof £101 for every £100 attening pad bor. a -BAN of EGYPT.-The D)irectorst grant L^ETTERS 26 (dlrad.e4(ltreet EDWARD OH CHo. u WLGNGNISH, COTTIr3ft, and AUSTRALtiA CHE;TEDED BAtr. Ccapita paid up £s 0, lOD.-L2D5to oo IT 0bth brtac are G ANTED on the most avourble VMlESr Bor of the Court TI OornhIl ZO.0 HENRY MZ1ULE8, Secrtary. iOO ad WESTMINSrE BANY-Xotic .i sbhereby given, that the RATE of INTEIIEST allowed to depDIiitorsIn thisBsnkt for amounts of £100 aud uwaza sthisday R. DUORED Irom 8 to 6 per cent, until fumter notice. HKsY T. CLAT General Manager. L°°s OMMERCIEBANK o _ VANESTMNI'A Commeroyal ChBarkeo) Va1 d-Uf.n' l, Zy. aeiro o their branc 1t unetu n-tre , tb scx of e pres2ntl857 {d3Datdaytuntil h n e VY sLOBE.- INS of CREDIT,vlue£1 and upwarde, are BfEuopendon esew3ihe 1Se. Curren acOnasenetyrdo, anld intre3 Thre, Ee present rae liSper cza!torTnas.t eai lba , BAtINK of AUSOTRA Ja ChaIM abrter t £7a0,0 Prt Ofics.1, 8 Onetrert,a on CREDIT t and BILLS of EXCHakQen,e frethe athe B the ofthisB k at SIdn , Melbourne G og,rz.a Goorge Dec theembe, 0.157 I. BELL, Sertr. LFire iof Dn PSuTyd t, 3, tiorbosatedsyRoa £Y0Co May, pSi-ow)rtleneted£ Is eet hereo P31d st p capb1i meabonasourhlAetUrEDby given thdartn fromel thi daf uniXi thrnto h ITRS AAL on tiltl Deposits Puornt wll ho NRASttED t per oat.pe annum.oo Prtwies desiruson E m ne a u o ea mn th paofteBan o Depsit.ean aDe Bl113 forw opening ansaknt anre evers informatid cUn.ec. ob ABo D iDictlon will he made at the t O Dc emof tber 1858otto, of oTA on laraNoeK of AU lnStTe BwtChlcuter, Bonnhay, Mnd2 , Cornl and C85ng on drGLOBand lettere ot Ectabriahe !4ane d ofa X- Th 3kt nbole ooe cuxen brcoaton ch esterbMt menth Londn Caapa Oleternet Milin tl an The B3n:c 130 t^kee c arKe o Boenentad DPor htue r&l ntad.d Geeloug Wermi aool BOWLER NNwSAlM Beq.CobarGneand XOHteNo BtA Sadt RscribepntapialrtToan GeorgeCan-t len. Req. LaPTeunoemo Aire,lifne anuty,b enmadowahe not,an reerof Dar burortos tra nhoud Chartner. Lodn HBY"Ry GXEE Er of the por WLIAM NEWMARCH, ecsec. AGRTHAUS7TRAIA BNKN CMAI Uestpoatbiled bn Roytal Charter I 18o7.-aebyLettER oPatent 15 Pad-up capitawl Z LLaOOter ungEpnte raket Ao d14elaIe Pe racort an nutta oBombcllyof, MadrosAra,of ond So uthoAngtkolng on ehotebi dveryfts adetctin ot Beaningre uamtede b tehnenthead de,2 wCito VLooisa Ne ot ae, anasoih utraliana iaTthe Ruk ia autheorze s toa entcurrenst. ccunts on w hi 1nte 3 Ialloned,on.decembe,187 deWiaOmteIzAdvngst dRepoMttorsA wbiTc1S oma CREDIy be parye a the onr odead)an Cahe Baurk e R takeTEhexp nfGtohvernmentPaeper,anchestalidsh ethero fecaorales ooems :e- vdy h ne it the purcliue aDd sale, anddraenc remtits indtereaae heron Bef Porntl Rofrmi ofGe bete3n1 to 3: atbnrdayse.pamDeependk 1d the 2.za ~~la ~FRNCISeeloug MN GearrAbol Mngr %..seO 3idou days, tal;M0.0e. o°-Tb heU o nrnofDXetors^ of thbe Oon a NDewcatl *rneme Dallarantll reportend rttnude Bank Certyegveal in o Y on o t tMe l tbun of o hwdo n Offecate. Bils.drawn uon Astralar<oe alsotonwarded for Dollechetio n rt ofAtePrceeiost of t he Corporatton, 4, Thr fie ad-n neodle-etreet, London. Bye orderof thenCourt, WILLI AZVILIERT, Secretary. esAbbEhe NTIdA 11 nopoae y otr Patnt,o1857 Paid-upa ital £,000,000 eterling. Reserv i fond £1,250 . r anc gatClcuitt.Bombay, Cadcuta, Agrma, LHore ndgkong,o ondrs Mhahrtis feelbournee .n eon I The dat tath orizedt open a urraent culrnoteaonw lnterst csr aled,tandtreueo re deosIts t l OTermsadvanteo Tomdep tre, Theagemay hoe acegotinne actthed ofice .n the puliam and end of Thds eBank sotimakdtes care gofyo Id Govermn aer.m phaes,an btii,he rcitofflintereetOhe divdeds pahir,a benss o-Ic.sned thn 2Piletion other' secmittanoes forten t uodyaT mnegat de50es t rcurcheano e andt draws dyr and rem owsInteres thereon. a e et eo h Henri of busInesr 10 tor3detutardsyo 10 to to NCIS D, 1 SNDF G 8eneral-Mane, CBarter. a H&LT-YE& y GEN RAL MEETINf th f the Gripletortd l ho held a9 er ,3e3tvdon Tavern, Blhopgannt-street, onWednes2a.6he Jaosry,11.a ir loM'clo prEcIT Ely, tof CREDeITe thabe otnar ofteproce0gbedinegs of theCooratios hanrdfortin sttRhhetae 39clnfdrDre£nn, tossandne Aditr, n thro oftheufollown } gentle ten,awho c rlab.n C Narle[arryatEesone. Henr r Towu Jahnde qDrc r ChaIs oes kann Ad Th rnfrBok fteCroratunfionwilb Close o te 9 Inst. and asened on thth January, 128.lsl u By ordero t ofeDrecors C.ADCLEIlT, Secretary. 1[:~ ~ BNKCORORTIO, ncoEW Eumedtbyoer onate ThedBa r of Directors 3 OR ue cirua ntes and ttero credi for thlecuseof, travellersby ofthe ove trland route.Te ndertk the agnyofa part le Sconnectd. withcIndia, h ncslng a:nd teaeo ndan sc ttle , and thi e l saetcstody of Indian G ovean me utnper therecip ofintret, iviens, ay,pesios, crantae o X jfo of reittnes b3 kae3tw ieen the above-naedit depndtbeniesz. te ev The y alsoreceivede poth e h o f 0 a ward,, r a I O N, a notice ovf 10 itdays, nnd allo moqerey threcevdon ae3t 1ae et, eo the r yS'rIONAInDISCOUNTmk 4wM A Slritd Bankof ergan tine rat4e o discounte prtisint aeliny i thero e wit. epoln sjeat tntlner notideps O repyabPmet Araretaen under specialoarraneenoat. D inE Land ateoart t3Faces, Qsli of the, Baz d. London, Nov. 9,51.gm pTTION AN o MUXAUSRLA Lo}BM ndo LOffi LONDONe DISCOURT COY1_ANAY ('Limittd). WL3A, o ltBsd po FIeLn. Diets ohi Biank *t LAepprov bCy dirsated and DB..ey oe OD;S ob otheposiatunetr, rent3erts3 oforh dy.13t M UTU3iKL LO BUND sUDaO(SEAsee, thydnarey oldersoS ht tc L aulo n cest'l te B er a n th e moens1 Bathurrt F~~~~~~~~t sl r tfie Trfles,t5 BB Lomai-s treet, oetgw , inthLomntyon, De. e1es,o Brban m. NewSootd h HarTownCOUN C0eANY *tted call, or at at WeIngtondtO eol eaala Loeeor theoned Lttersonaorosad Jaara ot tho o-fD) of tEh 0Eteury1BN ew Frl-tree IOandhnPstENbrRKSadCR ^E Port Adelaide 5EN icaARRO,lla. at the offices of-lae. othded Btsll. N.. oIer o cedtAndTralEAmaynlobdpoue ofIt Meter,J CnO,P67, Lodmbard),-street REOVD to .ore commodious sretsee,atu6, atud.sre6tSiafor4tret,&reJuea3t tbeir cor orders o illh, C, are, H. W.rD . ANESgect, fStgue-) -. fv. POOLE, Manager. TiE -PATENT NAIL and SPIKE COMPANY, tmenufacturers or the cro n wrought naSi sand pike. vrhich ave atout 25 p.r Cent. cheaper the6n hand made. Or.ders of from 1 to 59 tOs wtlllc at oun executed diret from the works, In Dime vaeyiog from 1, inches to G inches. Prico lists and Pn, pie cards c,n be obtained On aeppllation by letter to the Company'd t eor" at Dunstan, near Gatlshead.on-Tyne. A'AST and WEST INDILA 1)0O. lCtO PAN.- The Court o0 DSlrectora o the East and Weat India Dorck Com. sny hereby gcle notioe, that a RAL-Y2EARLY COURT or (,EhR&L 1ME:TING of the sai4 Company ,11 be beld, pursuan' to the diretions ot fthe Act 1 and 2 Willian IV., cap. 52, at the Doak. houee, 8, Bllltsrt-quare, on Friday, the Sth da. ot January. 1898, at which Ileetieg a Dilidend wl be declaret on the oapitt1 stock of the Compau7, for the hbfs.year endIng the 31st Imst., and also for the pur. 2oreo choosctu and alo)mntlogtwo Directors to il the vacancies oca-^ lone1d w0by the decease of Arbhlvald Hlstie, JkQ., M. P.. and thereeigna. tloia of WiSlam DailaN IFcq. By order of the Ooutt, GEORGE COLhLf, Bee. E11 and West India Dockhboase, 8, Billhttr-equace Dec 18, 1857. N.B. Th cl:air will be taken at 2 cloak precisely. VORBKItN VINEYARD AS()UIATION (Llnutte) '-JOINT-STOC W INE COUPANQY. Commanding mDols £100,000. Formeodfor thesunpply aofpre vIe to club,*, pQblioestAhllst.mnenLt, or private familijes, atprcsfo 26 to 90 per oeut, under ordinarsyrime. Ter- cash Orefrence. Vers dee Epernay Champagne, Shlrry dne diuner. Be. and MiS. vrorth l,, price 4Cc, per dc, SSherr, hurnost firat growths, it. Moo.t's, :llumtum', and others, 06.. 42s,, and 46e. First growtfh Clartet, Ole., 5Ss. Ports, old, in wood, Me, and 31. DtnerC3lrefia,5 . SS, Paris, cunted,x vera' fin:e old, Sn Staslnrk lila-s ells, 45e andl Ss, bottle, dry, 42c.. 4Seg. sad 5fsi N.B,heerl,y every club In Lodon suppliede nilltasy and naval mss; and .00 private famiies for delailrlo PrSce 11srefee tast , apply to the brateb office 4, St. Andrevr'casure, Edlnbnrgh; or chiet offic 0 RegseDb,teetrftt, Londen.-Mana er anvd SecreT, P. W. STA YLSPT? . Ebq. T ONS rOT 20 1S. O 100, ADVANC'ED pun cent. for 25 weers, aLd -o per cent, for 60 weehe. Teems, pr,oe 2d bypeet (three Dostage clamps9 to hoe eclosed).-METROPOLIT&N LOAN COOh PAlIY, 1, sraven -etceot, Straul Esta4hllhed 1S39. O06ice hours from 10 to ' o'clock. CRAB. STAUNJTON, Cashier. ¶O the OWNERS of HOUSE PROPERTY and T w, Oners of w bhoeRent 0i)s-itItECEpd CiLL FECTI6 -d verty desaerptl.n of House Property eooorutceity Mf nYirdd gi.7nrcl rents, lon5ran-sN asd interest of mortesgee, pDuctoil) pold. Xirt- gta:es e:fe e-ts whetn rec'red. Tithe res chrnms r.lr cu'lerted on ens. onablo terms. Joy b i GUA fi;SE , 3, ari:ttt cow, Mansion-hours, E GRsH( nLIFE OmFI, 37, Old Jowln EQUIITABLE FIREC Ca'I0,-Cunon-Mr0eet LA'WOIITON B1BE antd L IFE: INSUJR'ANCE xPrem 125, IcnTv4en.1 1835, 16 K492 ENDWMET,LIFE ISSURANCE _ ~~~~~~~LPED !. JAY, Mangr. UNIO INSBAlIEA ~COMCPANY 37i I5 l A Liel 3, oO PAl Londtee Inrnwo the m=t lee1tem an CelIIOL -7, irhli-L F. G. SMILTB,ectayo Looden roaqd. P MIJTUAL IFE ASSURACAIOI 8OCIOETYTlHE MUTUA 59,5t?OUett Cheapside. London: estblse 1834. tLif adana o ony ln ey anna b.,nus. V T.EORG E ASSURCPANYC COMPANY, 118, e moltlfavdurable terms. hetivo siteu eswanted 2t8o34o s alitealn comm in w e allOwed. Loa Bon realr peronal oNG iLL yurepy. aIo t frurbe trs T aethnots autsed, to wbom & Dtbr abloeh by or quarterly Instalmeutg, fronaone to fire yeart, ma, FdIly beon sd on applieslnuto PH. IL GfLK&R2, Sle, WIIITII DWI8ION fPOFTI M'jMVE. LIF ASSURNE COMPY: estaG6blihed 1830 1, Omgnou-street west,L Grt King-street; Dublin, 87. Lower G&d -e The annual income exceed LID Theaccumulated o onds exced . h 320,000 Polcies effeted this 5 r wi quire an additional rears 2tanding oTer later estrants 51 t 0 fth division of proisn182 WILLIAMV, THOEL ROBIN Actu,a andScreotar. DDeember, 1857. OVIDEUNION FIREK INSURANChlE X8. amount Insured on farming etock ~ ~ ~ I The_rtes ojrernuns ae In no ca" hig than thes charged hy the Othe, y makIng no retur, to their ing q P r peotolont htuces aply at tibe Bodetysoffjoss, Burre,.strwt Norwich, an rescent, w BrIde-streL, B kf ,}aOR, 8,eo DIom 0,0 er annum. AdFIvucEgo i witbout profifte flilce,when their value exceedsf£8. Halfor ne-hir crditallowed onL whole-life policies Resdene I tieo pece n ay prtof Xav-eo, danteremearatk edfor theirr ts. pRO IDEItTCELERKS' MUTUAL LIEFY CEASSOCIATIoNg:stblhe14. TRUSTEES. Thou as Batb n Pou mp. IWlliadm George Peot 2. Thoso Hake, Ee.. aLp, Baron L. N. do Rot ilL IL Treasure ofotbao le olentunfd-.Jon Abel Smith, Rcs., 44,p, Accumulated fund . no 9 £5,000 Annual Income.-. - 1,0 uh n AaocIatIon Orern ereryt advatgtgo a sron assuring, u A. Benevolent Fund in attached exolnalvely for clerks, WILLIAM THOMAR LIN-ORD Sc. 15, Nloorazate-stree, Drc. 1,1857. Ar11IOMIis In the ARiIY and C1VILIAET -SproA-F ceedng Wo India may insure their lives on most favonr-bie term, In the MEDICA, INVAIDSe, and GENIAta LIVE ASSUReNCE g OOt ITY. The rates of thin Conp,ay, Whch transacts the busit of the Delhi, SIMIa. NOrtl Weet end other IndiaT Binks, are lower tban those of sty other offSSe, whilu the agencies at Calrutta, Madras, Bomabay, Ceylon, and about 00 ulprontry stations In rIdia, afford vesy posbio faclty for tho transactlonot basiness. Prospectmsee, forms of proposals and every other Informaton, may be obtained of the ecrethray, St theochief offimel LDndon, 25. Pall-malL C. DOUGLAS SINGE, Secroetary U1TAI3LE IFEWA AJ SSURANCE SOCIE Y, e c w Brid%etree , acr . E stabliched 1762,Cital o the lint eember, }85, £7.000,0 sterUlng. Inceme of the oelor upwards of £4t000 per annum. The Equitable lea& mutua Society, and the whiole of the prodis are one an the e~lfe an .---Oct exoedlng Z1.. Oa Ashort acont exlntry of t UteaVb°he adaneeran ecrty aOrdet Is given Sally from 101.4fr'mleck. ADRTU MORGAN. uAca FAW F~u I0d e SOCIET fines, nd, C a . S capital, £5,000000. The Right Hon tte Er fDvn The Right Hon. the Lr he Baron. The Right Hon. the Lord Jurtice Sir T. L6 EKnight Bruce, The Right Ho the LoDrd Justice Sir U. J, Turner. The ightHon SirJohnDodon, eanof the Arches, &a. c ullam oaker, Eel,, late Hiter InBohaneery. Richard EOn Rthoalrlds q, Master In r Ch lentery, tu^ Insuraacesexpiring t Corintua, shouldbe renewed within 15 daysthrefter atthe officesoheSietor with any of Its agents thrughut uth d counthery, tnngostco tcdr ThiosSociety holdsitself responibXle underits Am policy for any dam IIag dne b exposiorne of , ga bes. is E,BLAKE BEAXS Secretary. COTTIES IDOW 'FUND andLIE IASSUP- ANCE SOCIETY, - Special Notio, - rn order to einre the benefi of entry in the present yeair, propoals for asurano mus be lodged at the bead ofdce, or st one of the agenndes on or before There. day, the 3let instant, JOH o M&c03e:NZitu, Manager, 5, Bt, Andrew-e2~aas. 7dlulmrh. Decmber 18,1I857, NO HOR,PA YBOARI,, Georte young, Eaq, Mark-lane samuel elaig, Eqs.. U, Hyde- wardT Pollock, P,,j, LIFpark-square Barrister, Temple i SriOhho D, Admiralty The aX Iaw Cijouhou. r AA t David Hll B ety Estq da-houe In Leonard Horner, md., poinaeoSlce John Murray, eFq., publTh he, Johnt Taylor, tun., taq,, CL, Albemarle-steet Lodan in Queon-strhee- pice, tr~~~~~ondjtb3 srons eaOeainciduh the subr4 t-bs, cetral Agent-Hugh M'Xeez, 4, ln Exehangebnlldie Corhllop Maeor I . Ride, 49, Pa-malL gent frte aiso onD d trc Benton Beoeoy, glten-rDn, aget f I tdetrict, James Henna, 8, StL George t-square elgrse-oad, Pemlico. Is R IE SUR E OI~ETY, 48, ~Moor: gal-stret o ndon Chairman-Ohas. Has-wood, ta. F roduc Judg of the D ornty Court Ofa idituth Krent, andrX Rlecordero Shslewbt U pUchod.r Deputy ro alt t Josiah Butinee. sf . Edward Ball, M.P, William Mr leDAdam Beooby, X&A, H.D. WilmH.ilb,Eq Walter Griffith, Fa-q. GeorgeF,rin,Eq Thomas Holmes Eec. JohnVuer Daniel S. Leather, Req. J. LWae Fq John Iddgett, Esq. Tile 51s Life Assurance Society waa founded In tba Year 1843 Annual Inoome ;. . £0,010 Resered fund. 2 t50,00 EWGLISH and IRISH CHURCH and UNIVii R1YASUANCE SOOIETY,,Trawcalga-aquarn, Ching emc., W.C. TRU M%k The highs Hen. she FAil of Perbornegh, Lord Lieutenan of Linrolno rhiro T. W. Ilookas Biaksmnoe, Egg. MP for Here!ordahirei Zdward Bullock, Faq,,IL, ,Mrlst hurh, Oford, ate Common Keg I edt of London aheRev. Joha ZdmundOox, N.A., J.SL,A., OtHelen's, Rfshopse5gsW Assuance grated o clrgymn an memersof the, Univer-sbhts at owr rte ofPrmiu tan hoe raredfor asrurances Annitis ranedon he es adanageusterms tothe clergyand Evey bnel crtiedto e Otanabe o apolcyof assusose in 3.3 C, v.A..,Chairalnn MANORSTERFIRE ASSURANCE COMll-PANY:eeI.abl~ished4, Chief offloes-9O, Cheepeide, Londoni, and 98,King-street banfeter. Oapital I,000,000sterling. EDMI 3) D3UCKLSY. Req., Chirman in Manchester, JAMES URATD, Faq,, Deputy-Chairman, ditto. Sitr JAB. DUK.E. DBrt., K?P,, Alderman. Chairman in Londo:t, THOMAS QUESTED ~Fl4NIB, Esq., Alderman. Deputy.Chaizman, ditto. Henry 0, ChIlton, FAq. WDiliamMalialie, Eaq. J,Colfe Pckesli, Iaq Bakr-itel %akFing qCompan, Mnh.. ester. The.City Bn The rates charged by Chs ompan are founded on 130Yerests experience, toeoffioe acting indep)endentlyof thecombaatlon tariffs, No chrge ew plicis, lssesby Sre ocarlor-elby lightnin ar mae ood Th plices f hisoffceextend to, and corer Insueecn mst e pId ithn 1 dae aterthe quarter-day on JA S. ~;RTHC?T, ecrearyto the company. QI',RGERLTEItON, ecrtor InLoudon. ('REAT BRITAIN MIUTUAL LIFE ASSUR. DaltN-stee, IanchY 14. Wterloo-place, London. and 42, John The CHDIHOLZ Cbairman. This Society ts established on the tried and a for th exclusIve mutual assurance, The fundsi are accumula frte xrav honefAt of the ps.licy.bolderv, under their own Immrediate ruperin. lendence and controL The profts are divided annually, enud applied In reduction of thuecurrent premiums, Policy-holders participate ID The& nus Xrentof five annual premiums. aeneral Meeting was held on the 20t Msay lass, when an elaboratety dotalled report of the affairs sf the lurlitution weecae conted to the memboce. After a rigd investigation, Itwasaastorily acertained that the etate of. te funds wLas such that the policyholdlem' allowances maight be safely increased durinig the pre-sent year from 31i to 321 Irorcent., while it was clearly sthown thsk, fromi the extreme care and caution obserred In avoiding any undue approprin. lion of the enarylu sch ellowancee would hereafter from timtot time, he considerably"augmented. It was also clearVl shown that thne anleuntof business treanscted during thecdpastad preceding ea, was such as to prove incontostabl that the ociety lirmly m aitais pt ootig and eneoys, to thefllstextent, the oorfidence and sup- aLnd reaolved unenilnously that a reduction of Ipe r cent, should be made in the current year's premium maabls by all policy-bolder now eutitloed to participate inx the profits. Credit i, allowed for half the anmuasrel ums for the dish five gepnr. AH . IRVIN , Macoging 3)lsr',.r 14, Waterlo-plae, London 13RE REGISTER of NEW AIS$ URANCEL3 witb iL thw NOITEE BRTMSH INSURANCE OOIPaNY closer for the uement year on 316t Decembr 180 Policies effeotS- with the ompany On or before that date wi have the toUowing ndvantage. over later entrant-, vi7,:- L Two yeare bomus additions at the dision of profits in 1SM. 2Z A larger bonus at eah f atmuo declaration of prodsl% as the Oorsia3y treat previous hocus addlOs like new araces, and allow hem~~~~~~~~~~~~rma jtod InS'sa S, A prcepectrinteorilsm bnoune for seoeh annual premiutm nad in theo event of the polcy beominzg a cl^ai beforc tho 31st of Dacemher, 18A8 'he bornus acumulation at last Inestons ranged from 25 to 70 p,ter resnt, on thae 'noetMas pta Bonues ma a. t any time ber renJret for a 8an payment, or apued In reduSla Of ture pee- AcumoulatedtlfSe premiums bg64,e00. seunual llto reve-nue d 0a000 Ohair;men of the LODaOS BdSir PEr L.IE, AUd F ersot proposal, Inectuser wth tobtesotrd ePe tand ersh IDformation mny oe hae In arppletion at the offce, 4, Newv Sane-buSj - Ints, Lothbury, in don; or it a Ottbofl C ryomanry's AgencIes, ROBEfLRTSTRACif&N-,p5 pIIC)TETOR ENDOWMENWT, LOAN and nctonst ba COaPdNse , 34, bra nGl trest, Cheatper de, Londonp - T Tis Company coninues to receiSe money orn depsitrepaable nt not lie than thJree months' notice, at 6Per conut, By thi lCgCtD of notice sa ouity i ofindnet rawt peni and sudden cfls, adM the highest trte of Intertest which aen he given fr a eLtASh of period iN ' thu seuredn to TineaIcs and others seeking a tesporry romuseretve Investment. JOIIN BRAI)IL Mfaunger. F ISS15 MOON, late of Gree n-streot., Groavetu r- JJJ,. Squr hXogs to AInfr the nt8robsitytt and gentry that *he hus 11ME, LEItMENS SH;ERRINGTON begs to *J annoucroe she IntedSa rexturning rom thes continest Ismmediastely uscatloust b e asddressed tohner at 4 Glreetr-crao Htde-pai irtk,W (ITLES:. sad SONrS,S, Halinover-street, Hf3IOVes- VC squee, fiod It rceeory. In czoesqunse of numelour miset^es, to r nnuncen thAt the. arc In NSO WAY R5L&TSD or CO2I4NEO'TS with car oiler FIIIK of Ihe SAIUI NAME, EGOLOGY and MINERAIOGY,--ELBIEN, X~TA.TY (, ',LL TIONt 3 t fic lIt,te the study of thsi interdest c reco.ecn hsh,,,,h froma t*'o SetlD35 Ii 1t; -.,9; ss sJDIe Fsri,,seae, , J. TII&NT, 149 Sitran,IsTO'.fon. Zslr. Ten sot glepivkoinYhinEtrUCt;Cn In nsla-calotY and tool U. CONTRLOT fOe'VINEGLEt. DEPARThMEN of the OOMPTROLLAER fot VICOTUALTANG. Soervet,house Novrmtner 13157. rM E Oornisdoner & Xxecuting the Office of X Lrd b.hAdmIr.1of the Uniited Kingdom of Great &ktelivl nud Iceland do hereby give aotloe. thAt on Monday, the 4th of J.utu.ry nlext, at hAlf-past 1 o'cloot, they will be ready to treakt with auch pew- son asMAY be wflling to CONTRAOT for SUPPLYING antd deltrer* Lug Into lier Major1Qs Victuallin Storem at Deptford the iunderinecUtZI seqnautti ot VI IZ(ABR, TLz,:-20.C00 gallons cof Vinexar, half to be delvered in six weeks, and the remainder In foutr ee alter. wards or silier If prdwefAr by y ~atetndering. Tende!sffab mtade for the w=lo syptmof the vingr Thi ereserve to themselves thepoe,wn htner aue opened, of 00uteactilag either for the hwhole owr fonrt mobc part thereo onrlyas they MAY deem lit, or for ab greter quaatlty, or of not; Contracting for any, and als in unllmtle power of selectlon. The vinega to be delivered In good. sound. steves and substantial seeks, which amt tO be retaned as long As requlrel by the said Oe-mmlftmloe Or their OffOers without Payment thevefor, biut wre to be taken back from the said victualin tores, when emptied, by and at the expense of the contractor. No tender Wllbe reoeired unlenaaMde On the printe form provided for that purose am d whf*h may be obtained on applicatio a- the mid ofis, or tOouiides Bels,cOmfdtstint the packet servioe st Liverp0.1 or to the 0olleator of Oustomsn at Belatot . The coDditions of the reised constract, to which particular attention Ia called maYbe sen At the sa%W oMfoe; And at lAverponl and Bristol. No tendr will be speoelved at 5er balt-pst I O'clock oai th day of treaty, nd It will no0t he reuired that the Party tende.tng, or an agent on big behAlf, should attend atthe offltetou the d'siof cotr,ct,as ibe result; of the offer reorived drama seh p Ouuwlboommoac.te,deob ad hig prOPOsed sureties la writing. Bresy tfuder meat be saddoese to the ,ecretary of the Admisenlty, andbhea in the left-handwcrner the words "Tender for VIneg.r,"I and mut alno be delivered at fiomersot Hoose, ~I~EWER GE WOR S.-Boeugh of Chelter-bihm.- The helenbm Isnroemet O30mmlsseosme desire to receive DESSfoe he k rCUiOCN olf certin SILWERAGE WORKS witin her Brouh.The oantradt will oomapole the formation And comleton,bot laourand mateslals of about 1t Saules of brick sewee,otcom18icheto 3feet 3inces In diameter;- andot about both laLbour and material,, of from 6 inches to te:adfor the MxA1tnzsance of the said works In repair nd god worinconditions for 12 maonths arter cinpletion. A. poite frmof pelhetOn.O coondhtlouis of contract, sad form or tener aybe ad,onpayment of 6e., of Mr. Hfenry Dungerteld, the boroVUgh Suvelror and the plans and Eectious o! theseveral works meay heInspce at the Puiblic Qificoe Oheltenbamn, on and att;r,Thucedy, the.3s a of Daoember Instant. The tenders are to be aset Oa or before Thurodsy, tho 21st day of Jaeuary, 1818. in staled enveloes endossed " Tender for Sewerag Works." and addriesed to -"Tile Sewage and Drainage ComLmittee. Publeic ftice-, Cheltenhem." Secarities wll be reuloed for thLe due p eroatios of the woelrt and the omml'a1-lone,g do not bind themn esletaooaceptthe lowest teder. GEORGIE EDMfUNDS WILLIAMS, Clink to the Oosanirseonemc Puabli Offices. Cheltenharn. 24th December. 117. LUNTIS sidLMIBECa weI,Surey we dedrou of noeivig ApMN pe Fn t IL the above-omams &PpoI,KNTp. Salay £0 pe anum,with board, lodgIng, and washing. Applications, In hehanwrtin o te cadida'.. slatig age and previous oconpalIon acompaued w thteetmoohal, to be msddfrebted to me, and cloliveed eesbefre 2 oclok o Wenesay,the 30th of DEc. otutant. A.LBX ,LIVN,Jn,Clerk to the Guardi,ans. Vattry-bail. Camberwl,S,De.1.87 7J~E!~ HOUSAN POU&D WANTBD,bpr the LC ohporat0o Of Stindeuland, int suam of not tes than M.1,0,fra peidt ftre er, e-Or such time a may be acreed for. on) secuity of th57 MOdg Tolls toe collected under the Wearmouthi Bridge Act, 17.Interet £3 per cent. per sanuam. Aoolyto Borough ~W. SNO WBALL, TownCaerk, Sunderland. Bmx fSundenlanil, Dom. 23. 1657. L~~~~~~E,-UH KingtDon-p Bogrd of Klngtoalthn.aoflintend t0 mneet after the. 1sth uder thnues p 1858.3 50 ZLXOP a SURVEIVOR to the sad Bad une h peionofteubcHalhAct, 184. The salaywl be LIOMPer annun. The Surveyor willi be, reuired to he MrcIal conversant with sewerage works, engineeig n uvyn,adb able to draw, Make. u, ar out plansfor. t d sm ve;yang,h Wus bo quaifIed to tes malt0rials and prices of sinme, ie will he connive4 not to engage In Any other practice or buotoses whatever without the permission ot the Bosrd, and his whole time Vi ll 'a conee. qneatlY constdered PAs engaged by the Board. His Anpointment will not be absolute until he Aahll have obtained the Approvat of the (ieno-. re Board of Health In Loaders, at the rerutet of the Eomsl Board. Can6Idatsare sm quested to send in written Appications, with testmonlal ot qualIficatIon and Ability, unuder seal. addoeeoed to "-The Cleek ot the LonalBoerd ot Health, Hull," on or belore Friday, the hi orer. IJEEIT WELS, lerkto the sild Board. L)tJBsU.~iT Ca Dcl¶e ofthe High Court of .Chansexy, made Hiacue"hmsPugAlnadehr against Henrietta PuaAle adotes, h Allen adIR ofbr ROBERT ALFREDAL',lt f tligo,i the cRD ORnt of Essex, Merchant, (Whode no buh mdOntho pin , t 8h6e ami e,o by their solleilors, o rbfr h t a of January, 1981, to coma in arnd p rov thir dbsa echm rsof the Vlcc,.Cbhan)oejoeSi, William, Pag Wood,a o1,Ne-aae Lincoln's-inn Middlesex; or. In default thero,thywl b eeoeeiY excluded fro,e the benefit of time smid dece.Tusa,te1th day of JnuWr, 1818 At 12 O'cloch at noon, at h adcabs,i pone o ern n adiodontin uponthe lllsDae hI 1t da of December 1857, RIHR BLOXAtI, Chief &erk." puRUATtaDereo the High Court of or,mad nacueo "Loejy egslnst So I," the CRDTOSOfCALSSL4ltof 1, lievenden.stree,e Hex tbon,inthconyoMidc ,gtlmn dweoased, (who died in cxv tbou the mot fMy 86,ae yter solicitorr, on or before the 12hdyo aur.15,t m nadprove their debtgsat the chmeso0 h leCapl~j ffhr Torin Kudtdreley, No. a. Btone.bulldlngp iclsin Mdlsx or. in deofault thLereof, they will be peremptoIyecue rmte benefit of the said decree, Saturday, the l6th da12aury 88a ol2rlock at ucoc, at the rad chambers f.apitdfrerigadaidctn upon the CHAEL1I PUGH.Chief Clerk. ChRSancry toil a ereo igh Court of ChtstAancery,y ande in A Cause Thomas Tete Fry and cuotber ~~~~~~es-h CEEDITORS of JAmza PRy. lae of Langfosd,In theoDunty or Somerst (who diediLaor about thei month Of Mamh.1834), A by their selldtore oncer before the Ilth day Of JAnuary, 1358, to oame in and Prove their debts at the chambers of the XMater of the Rolls nth ol'-yard, Chancerylinns, Middlesx ; or, luldefault thertof, theY will he Peremptorily exoloded froma the beniefit of the saId decree. Frid y,be 15th day, of Jaunuay 1858 At 12 del~ ok at neon, at the said cabr ap Intd c hearing and s-dludlontlng upon the chrL-almb.Daer Ith Apoite dao Detember. 1857.DQ tLlt dyo SUDLIjW, TOuR% JANEWAY, and TAGGART, of 38, We. ford-sow, Isitd apex. Agenta for BrooksE, Smith, and Vasoeall, of BistoL Plaintiffs' SodiMLnes PURS UANT toaDce fte High Court, of A.Chanoery',made ina ms" William VMah4&on, plaiuttT, aaine Humphrey Harper Bumhell Heme And others, desfendans,'%~ the CBRIMTORS8 of ANNE hMoMAHON, late of Charlotte street,Firoy-Equare. in the sounty oyf Middlesex, spinater, deoea&d.i (whio died. on o abut he mnthof ebrsmy,113.1 re,by their eniLutors, on or befre he 1thdayof anury,185, t cme In and prove theix debs a te camersoftheVle.CssoelorSir William Page Wood, at No 11, ew'sqsre,Lincon's-in, Mddlesex or,i defauta theeof tey illbePermptriy eoluedfro tOM bLenei.t of the PALHER, NETTILZESIP, andiB ELAN NCifCek Soliofor for PlinIf.t ~~UBSUANT to ~~an Odro th Hih ourt of maeIn the8 Mate of the rotate of ila er Setgr.laeofhe~y inthe oountyo Surre.gnlma,doa Wiilsm attn. n nfat,by Charles HenySse,hsnx red against illiam avi ad Cherine hib ie" h RDIOSo th sidWILIi, hNRY BEAGER(wodeinrabu h month f Janary, 851,Jare, by their solcD oa on ebfrthlo day of lebeary, 1853,to come in and prove their cam,a h chamber of theVlooefauelot S tuart, No. U. Old-qur.Lno's Inn Midlsex; r, n efalttheneof they will be peremptoril ex- R1BT. W?&E PBAKB, Chief Clerk. MEB.EDITH, LUCAS, and THORNTON, Ljuoole*a.in, Plaintiff's Souiotors. UItU N t ecree of theHghCuto P baey,md In a Cause `Bones airainost Randel,thOR. DITOSo ILA C&BS R&WDVIELD, late o awc.i h eConn of Esx,shp-wner, (who died in or abtouttemct fS temer,585.) re,by hei solcioes onorbeforeth 1thdyo cludd fom t'e eneft o thesai deset,Saturday, the d day f Jnoay, 858 at12 'clck t non, at h said chmes,I p- FRD.ERS. EDWARDS, Chief Clerk. GRO. W. C. DEaN. o 27. Ne's Rmosd-at,eet in the city of LUdo,,PlAbntfre SOt-iater. DU3SUA oa Decreoo h ihCuto I ChancerY, made In a causn Wieaans u-e, t CREDITORS of JOHN'TRE.lt fBr Vla ~e.roe Hollower, [in the eounty of Middlee,(h id no bu r mInOth of September, 1Mr6,) are by terslctr,o rbfr h 2lit day of January 185, to come nadpoeterdbsa b chambetsoot the Esseter of the Rols ll-adCacryno..ldilesex: or, in default thereof,. thewilb pne olsy exclnded from the benefit ef the said der. dnsa.teUh ayo Jannuay, 1858 at 12 o'clock At noon, a h adcabr,t p pited for hoar-log and adjudicsatig up-ntecre-otiti lId ds of Dewomter. IS57. (iO {!t.Cifcleft. GEORGE WALLER, 71 oea-l eIa!Lnt!Xnia DURSANT o a ecre of he Hgh Court of Chanery mae ia mse o" Gorg Jon (raharn an-d others plantifs asrnt te ter FrdeickIVlliomGoteb erA otOfSrO. de. fendnts" th ORDIPRS o JON COPER G(ITOH, into of Keterlg.i te csouy o Nrthmptn. aner and leather mann. festurr, im ateof owei, n te aid outy, brewer ,Qad of 471 Log~er, n hecont o Mddesx,lethr 'snlre.~,e (b die i o aou th mut o My.1851,a-, y her rlsltrs Inc befrethe16h ay f onary 158 tocoe n adpoeterdb 1857. GRXORG9WF11TXING mhief Clerk. LA.RANCE., PLEKWS, anbd B3ovEI Fla.ntiffo'Soe3 oo 14. O;dJawry Chsamberslyondon. DUBSU .NT o an rderof te Higjh Court of 3. Cancry,mad inhe attr O anAct(10 and It Vi cap 06) rotiule "A Ac fo thebeter ecuingTrut'Funds an~i for' the Relif o Trutee," ad i themater o th trusts of the Wt'll of someime knwn a Hery olemn ,ohnon,whO died at Palermo' In iciy,on he otdayof opouser.184, ndrealded there for ennw6 comeP0 ad reare oror bforethe et ayeOf l'el,ruarr- 1855, to ther caim a th chrubrnOf the VIce.ZbanpArle dlerex; or, in defalthro,he wil be peepoiyern rMid the benetet of the, solodr oday,lb ithdyofebu romt.. at I2So clock, at tealchm rsI appoine o ein n dui cating nouDn thesidcaio 13AILL-Y, 8 ~ AI,FR1D HALT,, ChiffCvc EAIEY W, MXTR andB&IAIrly, t llBernermstreet, London, Petitlonmt's Soilcitor. hUancer T to a Decree of the High Court of OR Chneymd i av Rbrhueaal-,t Brown."the CeDiOS unISOA SOrgOs,lAtenof Upton. in tIme ur or aboutt the m nths of IT " a rf o thar e, b y t h e irs o o l i c i t o r s ,r o n o r OD t he 1 i 't h d ay o f th s 1a58 , to co m in a p rove their debts at the cham be r i no manorIor indrirabudL. LThcolnl'ca will be Smpn defaul t thereof, the al be peremptoily exJ an ienr o m t e nr it of the to i ddecree on 4a . tOW e 1-th d o s of Janary, 1 SiSS, at i S ocock t oon at the, tabd cal embohc. 'o to. ointedr haxing and adndlng upon the caun-flacrisi thIs 3d day of Decber,zDtdt,I5 W. SKI OFI~CAS. PUGH. Chlef Clerkr. W. 8IrBISECK, 19. Bouhampton.bulldioRs, in the conuty lo Aiddilesex Agent for Thomas. Willm. Fletcher, of Dudley, We r plaintiff's Sntltt,,r. ishroe by given that GEORG BRUSBHBY. [ O~fthtow~svp obQ Itaffofl R ,In the prsaih of Worbsop, in th b cousty of Nottingham. ath by anIndentur of Couerone n *n d A se r dm e , ti ea rI g dab e e 1rt h day17tD of D ecober. In. t h e ea r of OrOnrd 18 ISS7. and madebetwehen the sid G eorge Ruhby, of the firt p art. T h u a s Si m on , ki n,o f Wrk e lo p afo r resa id , sp irit m mrh a n tk ad G3eorge Bnister, the youger, of get BRefterrd. hie thle county or Isuttiughe alorcesid oorfosid_ oor(ltomr Ofthosalt George Ruehby) part, prt and the several otherpersona woeo- a'sen o ar n unto a bsortedm andfixed ant lathe scbe.mbo therendeer writtencreitoo alsoftidIGeorge Ilsisby). Of tim third et S BTATE an ds tr . a eC to t h o e tho ms i Tho rS P er tin na d e Ge anster. ither hbeirs, executOrs a inmtnistra -sr Zan a nig;e In trust, at tier D3Fment of the mostcse Icumbeanr c on the asId veal estate, for the equsa behest of the rsatd Thom s S ir a n a P x k t e a knd G n re B a n n I st e r , a nd s u h o t h e r o f t h e credit3ruef themsaid George gubyas shal l execute the rIdnden. tore on or befove t he Ist day of rebuary nexrytn n otie mis nleo hereby Ovren, that the saI indenture ot Conteyao eond esrignment was duly executed by, the sa,id fcorgo Rushby and Thome, S:88na3 rarknftororectirely on the raId 1thM day Of Decemuber, IS7. in bth p'senfe of, and atteoStd by, JOlti Whall of Workfoo, in the count, of Nottngham. solicnior. and RI hsn Wright. Of the ome, plao., attorney's coeruk and the amemo Identure ws donll eXcaulteet by tbe said Georce B%ntItcier on the l 9tth day of Dcemeber. b8e7. in tln sence of.and aete t by, thetsaIdbJohneW t this 11thdgeetl WTAT n hAON olrtr o theaArigneer pUMkPs.-FOWLNLR Riand Co. W°°i' fbit
CHINA. iCohsmed from Tlh T2ies of December 2e.) (Smom OUR MPECJAL CORRESPONDENT.) SHANGHAI, OCT. 17. BALANCO OF TRADa. The reader vho may haply have followled me through my discussion of the opitun trade will probably have long since forgotten that it came under our consideration only an one article of import. If we have to pay 16,000,0001. for tea and silk, and deliver only, ,000,00QI. inopium and 1,500,0001. in Indiacotton, and 2,000,0001. in British manufactures, we have 4,500,0001. still to make up. Of course, we try to do this as much as possible without putting our a into our ockets. We buy rice at Siam, and, trying to place some of our goods there in return for it, we transship it to Canton or to any other hungry and locust-infested province, whereof China always has several. We go into the Straits and buy or barter sharks' fins and birds' nests, putchuck and cutch, buffalo horns and mother-of-pearl shells, and all such like Chinese delights, and wve proffer them in part payment. But there is still a large margin to fill up. No wonder, then, that in the firat three months of this year, 1857, we were obliged to export $7,639,000 in silver, or that the drain has since been going on with undiminished strength. Moreover, we must remember that of the 8,500,0001. which we take in opium and cotton from India, we cannot pay for it aU even by the thriving export trade to Calcutta, nor absorb quite all the 'talairce in rent and in dividends upon East India Stock. Some silver or gold must go there also. But another very serious inconvenience arises from this payment for tea and silk in silver bullion. Silver is not an article which, like birds' nests, the Chinese can make soup of, nor is it their custom to expend it greatly for articles of luxury. Their women wear bracelets and anklets of it, but the men prefer to gloat over it in the form of ingots. Now, according to laws from which even China cannot emancipate herself, it happens that as the rarity of an article of barter ceases so its commercial value diminishes. This is already taking place in China. Not only are the exchanges against us, but people who are paid their salaries here in silver find that the dollar, so dear to buy from England, is becoming daily less valuable in China. Some years ago a Carolus dollar could be bought at 49. 2d. English money, and when you had thus bouuht it you could change it for 2,000 of the copper cash of the country. At the present day, partly by action of the exchanges, and partly because the people in the interior once had a superstitious confidence in the weight and purity of the Carolus dollar, and preferred it to any other medium ofeommerce as the only foreign coin they knew-just as some of our country people prefer the notes of a neighbouring bank to Bank of England notes or sovereigns-a Carolus dollar costs us here 7s. English money. When you have suffered this loss by the exchange, another loss comes upon you when you exchange it into the only currency of the country. Instead of getting 2,000 cash for it you have great difficulty in getting 1,200. This second loss arises partly from the country people having got over their inordinate love of Carolus dollars, chiefly from the diminished value of silver, and in a small degree from the increased scarcity of copper cash. This scarcity of cash also arises from the diminished value of silver. Immediately the relative value of silver and copper was disturbed the Parsees found it profitable, notwithstanding the stringency of the Chinese prohibition, to export the cash as metal. They are now working the same operations in gold-buying up aU they caa get and exporting it to India. Thus it happens that a man who has a fixed income from England, instead of getting 2,000 eash. for every 4s. 2d., only gets 1, 00 cash for every 7., a difference so enormous that it would be incredible if every table of official figures did not prove the fact. Strange to say that merchants here draw no conclusions from these premises. Fortunately for himself, however, the merchant's optics are those of the lynx rather than those of the eagle. An extremely farsighted commercial man must alwaVs rutn risk of bankruptcy, for the most absolately certain sequences are often the most uncertain in point of time. But as time is of the essence of commerce your farsighted merchant would be ruined while his certain sequence was still in sight. They see prices going up enormously, and, 'with occasional vibrations, still maintaining their advance. They look upon this as an unnatural state of things in the face of abundant silk seasons, and they refuse to buy. Undoubtedly they may thus temporarily reduce prices, for accumulated stocks must be sold; but in the long run prices will continue to advance in spite of them, until they reach a point at which competition will stop the price, or rather the sale of China silk, and price will check the consumption of China tea. This may not be so very far distant, for, if my reasoning is correct, silver will become dearer in Europe just in proportion as it becomes cheaper in China. All the facts seem to point to th:s conclusion. The tael of silver, which has taken the place of the now nearly exploded Carolus dollar, is an ascertained weight of Eilver metal-not depending for its value upon any adventitious and unreasonable preference, like the Carolus. This tael of silver was formerly worth 2,000 copper cash, and is now only worth 1,100; but the Chinese producer reckons his expenditure and his returns only in copper cash. As silver becomes more plentfful it& value in relation to copper cash goes oa diminishing-it takes more silver every year to give to the peasant who grows silk or tea his remunezating amount of the only currency he knows. Again, notwithstanding the unusual necessity for bullion which the Chinese have experienced this year in order to pay for Indian rice, to make up the deficiency in their own crops, notwithstanding the large payments for Bengal cotton and the rise in opium of nearly 100 per cent., the native bankers abound in money, and interesr was never lnown to be so low. The recent fall in the rate of exchange upon England does not touch the argument; this is a merely temporary matter, occasioned partly by the large speculative exports of silver, and partly by the two great houses of Jardine and Dent having refrained from buying silk at the present dangerously high prices. Silver is, in China, not money, but merely merchandise, and as the stock grows greater so the value of any given quantity grows less. If I am right in this position, then, our British merchants in China must admit, what at present some of them are most unwilling and most careless to perceive, that it is vital to their wellbeing to attempt to push our manufactures into China. We may find a silver California, but, putting miracle aside, I can see no other remedy for the present unsatisfactory state of things -no other meang whereby the export of tea and silk can go on-except the sending of cottons and broadeloths and hardware and lace to Ohina instead of bullion. REASONS ALGnED FOR Tr}I PAUCITY OF BRMnSH EXPoRTs. The reasons usually alleged are, 1, that the Chinese are not easily induced to adopt foreiga fashibns; 2, that the Chinese are a manufacturing people; 3, the disturbances caused by the rebellion; 4, the exactions of the Chinese Custom. houses. Al these difficulties exist, but they are individually much over-estimated, and they are in the aggregate quite insufficient to account for the phenomenon. ist. That the Chinese are not easily induced to adopt foreign fashions.-This is true only to a very partial extent. You can't make a China woman wear a Cranbourne-street bonnet, nor a Coolie wear a pair of Stuart plaid trousers; they are even so bigoted as to consider that their marrow cottons, 10 inches broad, are more conveniently made into their garments than your wide longeloths. They do not like your flimsy cottons; I have seea them take them between their fists, and rub the dressing out. At Ningpo the Chinese can buy the best gray shirtings at fivepence a-yard, and they yet prefer to pay sixpence a-yard for home-made cotton cloth not quite half the width. But this is not because they are insensible to the superior fineness of the English texture; it is because they cannot afford to buy the British material. The: home-made cloth is of tbrice the substance, and will last a Chinaman for at least two years. The British calico washed in Chinese fashion by beating between stones would wear out in six weeks. Depend upon it that a Chinaman is of all human creatures the most shrewd in all matters of economy; provide him with a cheaper and better thing than he can mnake at home and he will buy it. Of course you must give him what he wants. If Yung A'Lung, the tailor of Canton, were to send a circular to the Deputy-Lieutenants of England, telling them that he had sent to England rich mandarin dr,azes much handsomer than the rtiff clother. which they wear on grand occasions; and inviting them to go to Court a I1 Chinoise, we should searcely think that Yung A'Lung had made a wise or profitable consignment. Yung A'Lung is not such a fooL He sends us cheap gold liae of the proper width and quality. Surely Manchester can produce a pieceof strong thick cotton cloth 10 or 12 inches wide and put it down at Shanghai at less than sixpence a-yard ? At this moment narrow thick calicoes, which one of the Hongkong houses had the wit to order from England, are selling at very remunerative prices. There is also some trade doing in cotton brocades, made in imitation of the Chinese silk brocades, of the same flowered pattern, and dyed to the same colours. These are laid down at Shanghai at 3i taels; they there readily fetch 5 taels,; and I am told that the Chinese merchants find a ready market for them up in the tea country at 13 taels. No doubt if the mandarins find this out there wil be a tremendous squeeze upon the Chinaman's profit of 8 taels somewhere. But it is a mistake to suppose that the Chinese are not fond of Western fashions. In going through the house of the richest merchant in Ningpo I was surprised to notice that except in the servants' rooms, there was not a bit of Ninapo furniture in the house. The furniture was a0l of Chinese manufacture, but it was of simple fashion, without a mandarin, or a dragon, or a piece of inlaid ivory about it. I recognized several articles as having been not very successfully imitated from drawings in the Itustrated News-a paper which a Chinaman is always anxious to beg, borrow, or steal. The highest ambition of a Chinaman is to have an English watch; a pirate who took a missionary and set him free risked his. Iife next day by calling upon him at his. house. He produced the rev. gentleman's watch, and the rightful owner thought the repentant man had come to return it. Not Bo; the dandy Cantonese pirate had come to beg the missionary to teach him how to wind up that watch. Lookingglasses also are a luxury to which the Chinese take vwith great avidity. They are superseding the old metal mirror wherever the owner can afford the exchange. An English knife is a most acceptable present to a Chinaman, and a telescope is a treasure to covet through a life. He. loves cherry brandy and delights in champagne, and many a Shantung man comes out smart on New Year's-day in a camlet coat (of Chinese fashion) and brass buttons from Birmingham. But why insist upon a Chinaman changing his habits to become your customer ? Every morning throughout the Chinese empire there are 300,000,000 of blue cotton breeches drawn over human legs. Men, women, and children alike wear them. They are loose and shapeless. There are not five different patterns and five different sizes all through the empire. My Coolie says that his cost him 200 cash, but that he is obliged to bave a thick quilted pair in the winter, which cost him 1,000 cash. Here is scope for Manchester energy I It is not a changeable fashion, not a perishable production; it is inseparable from the fundamentals of Chinese society. Depend upon it if you can make these blue breeches as strong as they are now made, and cheaper than they are now sold, the Chinaman will gradually surrender to you the trade, grow less cotton and more rice. So of other articles of dress. On the 17th of September a north-west wind reduced' the thermometer to the inclement wintry position of 740 Fahrenheit. That morning the Chinese population of Shanghai was completely changed. The shorn skull, which had defied the fierce summer sun, was covered from the cold by a small warm cap or a Chinese bonnet. Some of the chair Coolies had even covered their legs. But every man of decent station appeared in a thick loose dark-coloured tunic or cape. The shape and fashion varied only from the cape to the tunic, but the material was very various. The great majority were satisfied with a thick dark; blue cotton cloth, but many wore woollen cloth, some luxuriated in quilted silk, and a few came forth in capes of black-velvet. Do you think that these sensitive Celestials 'ever asked, when they bought theirwinter's garb; in what country's looms the fabric was spun ? Not they. They chose the cheapest and the best. If Messrs. Moses and Son had been at Shanghai with a proper staff of Chinese poets and a really good assortment of these loose Chinese coats, fresh from the Minories, they might have sold hundreds of them in Shanghai alone on that severely wintry morning when the thermometer stood only a little above summer heat. 2. The Chinese are a manufacturing people.-This is nottrue in the sense ina which it is used. Of course, they obtain a produce by hand labour, and so did Adam wvhen he delved and Eve when she spun. But in a competitive sense the Chinese have no manufactures. Their handloom is a miserable thing. Their shuttles pass to and fro at a very languid pace. They can produce small results with great ingenuity. There is a working weaver who imitates with wonderful art all our English ribands and fringes, and who is kept in constant employ by European ladies to match English fabrics. English ladies who wear out their fathers' horses and carriages and the patience of polite shopmen in matching twopenny ribands for dear country friends would find him invaluable. But he could not produce 20 yards of silk at any reasonable price. At Ningpo there is a needle manufactory, where you may see men grinding long steel bars to the necessary fineness by rubbing them with their hands upon a stone, then notching them at the required lengths, breaking them off, and filing the points, when little boys take up the wondrous tale and drill the eye in each individual needle. They say that English needles rust in the moist hand of a Chinaman, but that these stumpy substitutes do not. So you may see them in the same place hammering out nails and tacks, probably made from English iron, steel, and tin; for much more than a million of dollars worth of these metals Is annually exported from Great Britain to China. Surely these handloom weavers, and needle-grinders, and nailgrinders ouzgtt not to be competitors with our English manufacturers. I have not seen the porcelain manufactures; they are out of European reach, but they retain the remains of an ancient excellence; and there is a coolness about the lip of a Chinese cup when nearly filled with hot tea which proceeds from some peculiarity in the material. Still, however, the Potteries could utterly drive aU the commoner sorts of Chinese crockery out of their own market by underseling them enormously. China is not a manufacturing nation, whatever she may become when her intercourse with the West is perfect and her enormous coalfields opened. She has at present a happier destiny than the factory and the forge. " Bella gerent all, sed tu felix Austria nube." To manufacture is our necessity, to produce is China's privilege. In those enormous plains where her industrious rlvers, labouring from times even before her chronology, have brought down the vegetable soil of all Central Asia, flattened it out conveniently, and located it under a stimulating climate-in those enormous plains let her produce with well remunerated toil her rice, her maize, her wheat, her pulse, her cotton, and her silk. On those gentle uplands which were ialets when the Yangtse and the Heang-ho were young let her cultivate her tea. Let her still sacrifice the beauty of her higher hills to grave utility, carve them into terraces, divide them into small oblongs; cover them with ever recurring crops of various vegetables, till greens, and yellows, and browns of every shade would seem to say that the hills of China, like the sails of her river junks, are made of patchwork. Be it our humble task to work up her produce into fabrics; to supply local deficiencies in her favourite food, and to clothe with blue integuments the nether portions of her teeming people. This is the true interest of the two countries, and any little gentle compulsion tending thithervards will be to the ultimate good of both. 3. The disturbances caused by the rebellion.- This is a really important difficulty, and must be in some way removed. I hope our commercial men do not propose to tbemselves to postpone active business in China intil the roads shall be macadamized, gaslights established in every city, and rural police walk up and down the banks of every canal. China always has and always must be a country of frequent revolutions, secret societies, and powerful robbers. In all former times, whenever some great event lights up for a moment the historic gloom in which the common people live and suffer, we find all these influences strongly working. Chinese society then comes out like that of a drop of stagnant water seen through a microscope, Wa6ter lions are devouring se awalLex ugly things, which in their turn are feeding upon the still smaller fry, and thus downwards to infinity. In 1224 years Ohina, so fameed in the West for the solidity of her institutions, has undergone 15 changes of dynasty. So ancient is this curse of turmoil that the oldest known vase, attributed by I Chinese writers to a period long before the birth of Christ, bears upon it as an inscription an aspiration for "Ten thousand yeara' rest from violence and troubles." The founder of the Ming dynasty in 1368 was a servant at a Buddhist monastery, who joined a vagrant band of marauders. Whenever anything occurs of historic importanoe we always find that some bandlit had a hand in it. The land was always full of them. When the Tartars possessed themselves of China one of these bandit chiefs had just possessed himself of Pekin, and the last of the Ming race had just hung himself. In 1635 the interior contained eight separate rebel armies, each with its leader, its set of grievances, and its appetite for plunder. It was a pirate who drove the Dutch out of Formosa; the son of a " celebrated pirate" who helped the Cantonese to defend their city against the Tartars; and it is a pirate who the other day destroyed the Portuguese piratical fleet at Ningpo. In all ages and at all times China has been coasted by pirates and traversed by bands of robbers. This must be so. China is a thicklypeopled country, peculiarly subject to inundations and failure of crops, 'witha feebie Government and noPoor Laws. There must be always bands of hungry men in such a land. They execute 10,270 crimiinals in ordinary years (the present average is more than ten times that number), but this does not fill the bellies of those who remain. Every part of China is rife with " dangerous classes." These famishing wolves lurk in every village. It was not the British who destroyed Chekiang, or the other large cities which were sacked and gutted while the conquerors looked on, allowing the " poor Chinamen"l'' to carry off their goods. It was the dangerous classes, who came forth to plunder and finished up waith Sire. They understand this so well in Chioa that the other day at Chusan, when the military had made up their minds to mutiny, they gave public notice of the fact, in order that all the shopkeepers might shut and barricade their shops, and in order to prevent the demonstration being taken advantage of by these dangerous classes for purposes of plunder. When I was at Ningpo I used to watch these houseless vagabonds. There is a large colony of them always located in a huge ruinous square tower over the Salt Gate. In early morning I used to sit upon one of the two guns of Ningpo and look through the broken walls upon the filthy scene within that tower. There was always a store of stolen dogs tied up, and one of these was killed for the mornina meal. Then they separated for the day; to retura at what hour of night I know not, for i took care not to make one of that party after dark. There was no police to keep them in order; but, probably, if their depredations had become quite insufferable the Taoutai would have called out a certain number of soldiers and exterminated them, or the tradesmen would have banded together and destroyed them. The Chinese are a race of co-operative habits. They form societies to rob, societies to resist robbery, and societies for all or any fanciful object. But these societies all have one tendencyto " squeeze" the non-members. From the Triad Society, which was at the bottom of the present rebellion, to the Tailors' Union atHfongkong, the rules and regulations of which have just been published in the .N-th Chinax Herald, all have the same practical object in viewv. The " Teento Brotherhood," the " Triads," the " Heaven and Earth Society," the "Queen of Heaven's Company," the "Ficod Family," the " Pure Tea Set," are all obnoxious to the general description given in a memorial published in the Pekin Gazette:- " They carry off persons ia order to extort ransoms for them; they falsely amume the characters of police officers; they build fast boats professedly to gu.d the grain-fields, and into these they put from 10 to 20 men, who cruiee along the rivers, violeatly plundering the boats of travellers, or forcibly carrying off the wives and daughters of the tanks boat people. The inhabitants of the villages and hamlets fear these robbers as they would tigers, and do not offer them any resistance. The husbandman must pay these robbers a charge, else as soon as his crop is ripe it is plan. dered, and the whole field laid bare. In the precincts of tbe metropolis they set fire to places during the night, that, under pretence of saving and defending, they may plandtr and carry off." In such a country the merchant must make up his mind to run some risk; but stiU this rebellion 1s something more than a normal element of Chinese society. It is not a general insecurity, it is a positive stoppage. It is an aneurism in the great artery of China. It is a stoppage of the Yang-tsekiang. If the rebels had taken Pekin and changed the dynasty it had been a matter of no importance to us. If they had taken Kwangtung we might have treated with them. But they have located themselves in a position where tney can do us nothing but positive mischief. They do not move. They neither grow into a power, nor sink into a rabble. So far as appearances show, the siege of Nankin may last for 10 years longer. The rumour of to-day is contradicted by the not more certain intelhgence of tomorrow. Nothing is certain, except that so long as the people inside can get food, and so long as the army outside get their pay, nothing will be done. But something must be done in the interest of commerce. All the British Navy could ride in that deep wide river which rolls by Nankin. There are two convenient islands there-the Gold and Silver Islands-which might be garrisoned by the treaty Powers for the protection of neutral vessels until these troubles are over; and the presence of a couple of steamers, such as the Inflexible and the Fury, with a gunboat or two, to act as runners higher up, would not be too great a price to pay for security upon the great trunk road of China. I don't think there would be any objection urged at Pekin against this course, and as to the rebels, Mr. Medhurst, who is now in England, and who made some reports to the Government on the subject, can tell you, if he pleases, what manner of men they are, and what title they have to our sympathies. 4. 'The fourth and most emphatic reason given for the very gradual increase in the sale of British produce is the large protective duties levied at the Custom-houses. I came out to China strongly imbued with the conviction, so universal in England, that the inland Custom-houses shut in our British,produce within a narrow area of coast country. I found the samre belief prevalent in Hongkong and shared by our English officials. Mr. Rutherford Alcock, who in 1848 made some inquiries in reference to these inland or transit duties as they bear upon the commerce of Shanghai, could only discover that they were constantly alleged as a cause of delay and difficulty in bringing the produce to that port, and that they had been found a serious impediment to the ready circulation of our goods beyond Soochow, so much so that the tea merchant would at once get rid of the longeloths he had taken in exchange, and incur a loss of 20 or 30 per cent., rather than incur the delay, trouble, and risk of endeavouring to carry them with him into the interior. "In truth," he remarks, "the port of Shanghai is only open to trade so far as the inner cordon of Culstom-houses are permeable and alow ingress to our goods." No doubt the Custom-houses of Hangchow,known as the Tehsin Kwan, and of Soochow, two of the largest trading cities in the empire, are so placed as to be capable of intercepting nearly the whole of the imports aud exports of Shanghai,with the exception of silk,uponwhieh are accumulated onitsarrival at that port the triple duties of the Tehsin, the Taeping, and the Kan Custom-houses. This is the chain it would have had to pass had its destination been Canton; and the triple duties are consolidated at Shanghai in order that the barbarians may gain nothing by having a new shipping port nearer to the raw produce. This arrangement was in accordance with the edict published in the Pisn Gazette in September, 1844 _ "Tho amount of fixed duties to bo Eent to the capital by the Canton maritime Custom-house was 899,061 taels; and besides a surplus of about 1,000 to 40,000 taels. However, since now the trade will be carried on at the other four pQrts, the receipts at Canton will fall short of thas sumn, ipd therefore Foochow and the other ports must, after having realized their respective quotas, make up the deficit at Cauton." But inasmuch as the trade of Shanghaiwas for the last eix months 14,990,0001., and as Shanghai alone now returns to the Chinese treasury more than two millions of taels, all difficulty on this score has ce,aed. Again, the edict of 1844 provides thaI- The duty on raw silk, uWoifiZgh Jben tels per pioul, is less than it was formerly, and the five ports being now open merchants Will go with this article to the ne4reFt market. B^Lt they must make up the loss of the trandt duties, which otherwise would have been paid if they had proceeded to Canton, in whatsoever port they sell their Cargo."y There i a similar proviion as to tea aud wrought silk. Now, what are these duties? This question is one which engages the most anxious attention of tho English oommercial houses both here and in China. I have obtained a translatioa of the tariff of legal charges, and it will be seen that these are not exorbitant. |'TjNsT Durx PAID AT T}IE CUSTOM-OUSES OF KBw, TAamno, AND Tsnsm ON GOODS TEAT ARE GOING DOWN TO CANTON, OF. THENCE TRANSPORTED TO THE NORTHERN PROVInCO (Exitracted from the Boopoofsihle, 30th and 31st vols. a work on the revenues, published by Imperial authority.)' EXPORT. Eankwan. Taeplngkwan. Tebsinkwax. T.m.c.c. T. uc.c. T.tn.cc. Alm rerl0co catties . 0 0 8 3u0 0 0 2 7 610 0 0 0 8 Anlaeedna.ditto .. 00 4 2 0 0 4 2 0 0 4 0 Arwenl, dltto. . .. 0 0 2 8 3-10 00 2 7 0-10 0 0 4 0 Bamboo sreens aud bamboo ware of all kinds, ditto . . Camphor, ditto. .. 0 1 0 5 Capoor catchery, ditto .. Cos"a,dltto . .. . 0 0 3 5i ohln root, ditto . ..0 0 3 5 1.5 Cooper wase, ew>ter ditto, &. ditto . 00 9 1 910 Cabebg, ditto 0 1 8 7 7-10 Galings ditto 0 017 -10 Gsmboge, ditto.. . 0 3 5} Grua cloth, al kinds, pr plece 0 0 5 9 1.10 Hsrtal, pcr 100 oattles 0 4 5 9 -10 Lead (white lead), ditto . Mata (straw, rattan, bem- boo, .), ditto .. 0 0 2 6 310 Musk, er catty .. 0 9 1 9 1.10 Nankeen and ootton clotb, of allfndDs, perlC0 c ttles 0 05 2i Rhubarb, ditto .. .. 0 0 2 3i Bik, raw, Ast qualty, dtto 10 0 0 Coarse, or refuae slk, ditto . 0 4 5 9 -10 Bllk, piece goods, ribands, tbread, ditto . 0 9. .. O S 1 0 l hiddllsg raw silk, ditto .. - Bilk and cotton mkitures, silk and woolleu mixtures, and oods ot such ciaeses 0040 0 0 3 8 15 00281.50 0 0 2 7 6-10 0 3 3 0 4710 0 0 7 8-D10 0266 0117 1 3142 0455 0 0 2 7 6-10 1432 0364 1 3142 0724 perjite . 0724 Boy, per l0 eattles .. .. 0 2 6 2 6-10 0 0 2 7 6.10 Te, coasse, ditto .. .. 00 7 8 80 0 00 4 2 pr 1alskt-. p. 100catts. Tee, ne, dltto .. .. .. 0039 4-10 00 7 6 Chekeeng teas. VerMou, perl0 cattie . 05252-10 1446 MSPOIRTS. Anafetida, ditto lOO cattles., 1 7 6 9k 14 4 6 Besx, ditto .. . 03939-10 - Betelnut, ditto .. 0017 6-10 0042 Btcho de Masr, dltto .. 0 0 3 5 2-10 0 1 1 7 Blrda'mest, ditto . . 11 7 2 7-10 1 1 16 Oamphor (Maly), er catty 0920 3142 Clovee, per 1W cattles 02346-10 0617 Ckrnellan bAs, ditto 0069 - Cotton. ditto .. .. - - Cotton manufctur of all kinds, whether coae or ftne perlOpleoea .. .. 0 100 0148 Ozw bazoar. per CatY 1 1 7 2 7-10 l1 1 5l Cuteb, peritatteg.. ..0140 4- 01 8 3 4-5 Mlephatn' teetb, ditto . 0234 35 1446 Gold and ilver thread, per catty .. ., .... 02623-5 0150 Gum Benjuain, per 100 eattlee .. .. ., 0148 .036 7 1 ollbanum. ditto - 0367 Mainh, ditto. .. 0 2 343-5 06 8 4 Horns. unloon'sa or rhino. oeros, per lW cattles .. 7 50 1446 Quickallyer, ditto . -. 02343-5 1444 Nutmeg ditto.. 0100 01833-5 Pepper, ditSo, . . 03519-10 0259 Pntthuek, ditto. . . 02343-5 0366 Rattans, ditte. .. 0 0 4 6 9-10 0 0 4 2 Rose maloes, dltto .0 9 3 4-10 0 S 3 4 hirkhs fins, ditto 00 5 8 7-10 01 1 7 Smalts, ditto .. .. . . 0 6 5 61 1 4 4 6 Ebony, ditto .. .. . . O 0 9 3 4 5 I Sandalwood, dltto 0 5 8 0259 aapV"wccd, dltto . 040 2-4 00 4 2 Woollen manufsoturec, per 0040 0140 0040 06 00 0400 0040 00021 0100 o 0 2 f-0 a 1 3 6 1 3 6 0 0040 0 8 5 7 3.5 0640 0012 0040 0042 D. 108 Ati - I 1360 0040 040 0 1360 1350 02 0 0 - 0080 00551.5 2408 0200 1000 00244S6 O 2 O e 0200 1350 1360 023 32 5 0200 0200 0016 0200 02 00 pIece . .. 0200 0200 01102-5 s woollen, ee p hang per I eboag. of l4inches .0 1 00 01 0 0 01106-5 Dutc camlets, dtto .. 0 2 0 0 - 0 1 1 02 Camtets ditto .. 0 2 00 - 0110 2-5 Woollen yarn, per IOD sttie3 31 4 2 31 4 2 020 4 4-5 I am informed upon the best authority to be obtained upon such matters, but not implicitly to be credited, that this tariff has never been repealed or varied. The question remains whether its provisions are evaded. The foreign merchants think that prac- tically tho tariff is a dead letter-that the mandarins, having to deal with Chinamen, take exceptions to the terms of the catalogue, and say that the cottons mentioned are Chinese, and not foreign cottons. Such an interpretation would be absurd upon the face of the document; but between a mandarin and a Chinaman might makes right, and such things may take place. I have no doubt that this does often occur; I am sure it may occur. I am certain, also, that there are only two remedies for it-a proper treaty provision as to duties upon all foreign merchandise (levied at the ports), and a power of free transit in China to aU British subjects furnished with proper credentials. But when I go a step further, and am called upon to say whether these exactions are so exorbitant and so common that they now operate as an absolute prohibition to the circulation of British goods. I must abandon my preconceived opinions and recant much that I have said in earlier letters. I do not think this is so. A man who travels in China to study the people, their institutions, and their manners must not pride himself on his consistency. He travels and he inquires in order that he may change his mind, and I think I have seen good reason to believe that this Custom-house prohibition is very much over-estimated. In the first place, I have circulated auestions in Chinese among Chinese merchants, to aU which r have received the most incongruous and unsatisfactory answers. From these I can draw no other conclusion than that the tariff is not much looked to, but that there is a general "sqzteeze" (it is the universal Chinese word, and I must use it) upon all the transported articles, without any reference to what country the goods come from, and that the amount of the squeeze depends upon the power of the mandarin's screw and the equeezability of the merchant. I have one instance, and only one, before me in which a merchant sent English goods up to Soochow for sale there, and when (on account of markets rising at Shanghai) he wanted to get them back, he was asked to pay charges amounting to 20) per cent., and he was told that this was for duties paid at Soochow. In this case either the agent was a rogue, or the screw had been twzisted very tight. But in the common course of commerce this cannot so happen. I wil state my reasons. I have had opportunities of studying Ningpo more carefullv than any other Chinese city. I know from the Consular returns that direct imports from England to Ningpo there were none; that the reshipments from Shanghai consisted only of an inconsiderable quantity of cotton shirtings, no woollens, no printed goods, some metal, and a few birds'nests, and other Straits produce of about equal importance. Yet, to my surprise, I found Ningpo full of English goods. There were great quantities of cloth from Leeds, cotton velvets in some variety, bales of " domestics," counters fall of long ells, and Spanish stripes in much abundance. I was curious to know where aU these came from, and, to my utter astonishment was told that they all came from Soochow. MI these goods therefore must have paqsed through that terrible Customhouse at Soochow. Yet the owners of these goods must have had the option of transporting them direot from Shanghai, with no intervening Custom-house, by sea. The only reason for passing them through Soochow was the mercantile facilities of that great mart. In every other respect the transshipment by sea would have been less expensive. I think this fact is decisive that the exactions at the Soochow Custom-house could not have been verv great. I took great pains to verify what the Ningpo shopkeepers told me, and there was no second opinion upon the matter; and I was referred to a consular report of 1846 (whichI shallhereafter quote), showing that this system is at least 10 years old. The consular returns for 1856 are in themselves a conclusive corroboration. I may add that I boughlt a ball of English sewing cotton in Ningpo for four cashrather less than a farthing. We must not overestimate these facts. They only prove that these Custom-houses do not always heavily mulct English goods, and that they are not the losed barrier which they have been supposed to be. The Custom-houses are not the cau,e why I English goodsdo not permeate the country, but stiUl English goods do not make their way beyond a certain distance from the five ports. My experience merely shows that the importance of these Custom-houses is exaggerated, not that ther; are never an impeoiment. I muat in candor add $st r liave been informed +hat the distinction between barter and cash prices has within the last two years almost disappeared, and that Bome woollens and shirtings are transEhipped to Niogpo in native vessels. The first fact only strengthens my conclusion as to the small effect of the Soochow Custom-house; the second is too unimportant to affect the argument. l Ihave nowexansinedthe four reasons usuallygiven In England for the unsatisfactory condition of our I export trade to China. The'y whose interest in the subject or whose great patieuce has enabled them to accompany me in this investigation, will, I hope, agree in my conclusion that these causes are insufflcient to account for the effects in the magnitude in which we see them. Inowproceed to point out some other causes which, as I think, exercise a more important influence. I must divide these reasons also into four classes. 1. That we are beaten by fair competition in the Chinese markets. 2. Ignorance of British manufacturers as to the requirements of China. 3. That British exports are an unpopular branch of commerce with British merchants; and, 4thly, that the country is not open to our merchandise. Three of these reasons will, I fear, not be popular either in England or in China. I must defend them as shortly as I can in the order in which I have propounded them. 1st. You are beaten by fair competition in the Chinese markets. The Americans beat you in drills and sheetings. At Shanghai, in 1856, the imports were 221,716 pieces of American drills, against 8,745 Englishand 14,420 of American sheetings, against 1,240 English. The reason given for this is that in these heavy goods the labour is in small proportion to the cost of the raw materal, and the producer of the raw material must have the advantage. This may be so; I only chronicle the fact that we are beaten by fair competition. In woollen goods you sustain close rivalry with the Germans and the Russians. At Hongkong itself I found that the table-covers were almost universally of German manufacture. At Ningpo I examined a great many pieces of cloth of different manufactures. There was a low quality cloth of Leeds manufacture, which was 1,437 cash, or about 8s., a-yard; a Saxony superfine, also of low quality and also of Leeds manufacture, 1,767 cash, or about lOs. 6d., a-yard. These were a yard and a-half wide. There was a narrower English cloth of better quality and substance (extra superfine) which was 2,905 cash, or about; 18s., a-yard. But there was also a strong thick Russian cloth, which was two yards wride (wanting two inches), and which was sold for 2,216 cash, or 1Ss. 6d. a-yard. The Russian, therefore, taking the width into consideration, was about Ss. a-yard dearer than the worst of the English, about the same as the English second best, and not much more than one-half the price of the best English quality. The Chinaman v%refers the beat English, but he cannot afford it, and buys it in smallquantities. Next to that he prefers the Russian, for it is stout and serviceable, and he says in his native idiom, although it " hairs"-roughens, easier than the best English, it does not do so so soon as the inferior English articles. The great bulk of the cloth sold to the Chinese, therefore, is Russian. I am, of course, aware that the Russian cloths are sold cheap, because they are given in barter for teas, which are placed against them at unnatural prices. The consequence is that the tea consumer in Russia pays a bounty upon the import of Russian cloths into China. This, however, only accounts for the fact-it does not weaken it. No matter how, it is sufficient for us that the Russian beats us in the Chinese 'narket. The Chinese also used to beat us in cottons exported to their northern provinces. The failure of the cotton crop has given us just at present rather a monopoly of the market in Shantung, Shinkiang, and Corea, but with a good crop of cotton in China we shallprobably lose this again, and be undersold by homespun goods. The profits made upon these exports by Chinese houses are very great, and it is not an unimportant affair, for the sales are $6, 000, 000 annually. I believe that if we could lay our goods down in those provinces without the intervention of the more southern Chinamen we should be able to maintain our present position, and do a large trade in those provinmes which are too far north for the growth of native cotton. If weare undersold it is of no useto cryout; there is an end of the matter. If Leeds cannot send thick serviceable cloth to China cheaper than Russia can, and if Manchester cannot make cotton cloth of a given quality cheaper than the old woman at the door of a Chinese cottage can, we may as well shut up shop. Manchester and Leeds ought not to be beaten in any of these matters, and that tbey are is I believe simply the result of ignorance at home of Chinese wants and habits. 2. This brings me to my second heading, which I think, after the instances given in this paper, I need not now labour. No doubt there are men in China who have a knowledge of the Manchester trade, and who can calculate for you how much the experiment would cost of setting up a few looms to spin narrow widths. But there is no spirit of inquiry abroad, no energy at work, no notion of distracting the eye for a moment from watching those eternal shirtings, no thought whether you cannot make better shift with some other class of goods. Manchester made a great blind effort when the ports were opened, and that effort failed; since then she has fallen into an apathy, and trusts to the chapter of accidents. 3. Intimately connected with the last is my third proposition, that British exports are an unpopular branch of commerce with British merchants in China. Now, I should be the most ungrateful of men if I were to say anything depreciatory of the British merchants in the five ports. I am indebted to them for all I know upon the lsubjects whereon I write. I have gone to them, almost at all hours, when difficulties vexed me or figures came out with inconsistent results; aud even from the busiest of them at the busiest times I have always obtained the frankest information and access to all the statistics which their offices afford. I have been 4" a neutral power" here, from whom no one had any trade secrets. But I am not driven even to say, " Amicus Plato, majis amica Feritas." I say no more than they themselves would say quite frankly and quite openly. There are some houses which paya certain attention to cottons and woollens, but the largest British houses in China care very little about British exports. Talk to them of the transit duties upon tea or silk, or of the import duty upon opium, and you will be certain of an animated discussion or a very warm expression of opinion. Speak to them of the Tehsing Kwan, and show them how little progress is made with British goods, and they give you in an offhand way the same reasons you have heard in England. It is too hot to rush about China. The fact is, this business is neither pleasant nor profitable. These men come out hereto make fortunes in from five to seven years, not to force English calicoes up into remote places. Their work is to buy Chinese produce. If the English manufacturer wants his work done they will do it for him, as it eomes in their way. But if he wants extraordinary exertion, carefully colleeted information, and persevering up-country enterprise -and this is what he does want-he must do it himself. I will show why this British import business is not one to be much loved. British produce is sold either for money or barter. Except, as just now, when the English houses do not want to buy silk at present high prices, aud the Chinese do want cotton goods, the cash sales have not been the majority of operations. The bulk has during past years been effected by barter. I am told that this is changing, but I speak of commercial operations as the authorized figures show them. Mr. Consul Thorm, in a report addressed to Sir John Davis in 1816, explains the working of the barter trade in China. He says:- " It will be necessary to remlnd your Excellency that in our immense transactions at Shanghai there are two prices known-viz., the cash price and the barter price. The British merohant on bartering his cottons and woollens gets a higher nominal price for them than he would get were he to sell them at the cash price of the day. On the other hand, the teaman or silkman just adds an equivalent accretion to the price of his silk or tea, and so the account is balanced, " Thus, if a manufacturer were to ship a parcel of British goods to Shanghai, with instractions that his returns be made in bils, the utmost that he can expect is that his agent shall sell his goods at the cash price. But A. B.'s account of sales of goods sold for caRh would be very different from his neighbour C. D.'s, which had been bartered. The particulars I am now detailing are not well understood in Eng. land, and when sucha circumstanco happens it generally caueesan unpleasant correspondence between the constituent at home and the agent out here." Tho Ningpo or Chusan merchant se e that ae- count-sales are sent home from Sbanghai at $2.9O, and he does not like to send home a worss account. sale; but he watts cash and cannot get this. The natives are retoiling at less than $2.90; he is not authorized to take produce, so he must eithersubmit to a sacrifice or retire before native competition. I do not mean to insist upon this as a insurmountable objection. Nodoubt this is righting or will right itself. No doubt consignors in England and consignees in China, with multifarious transactions, come to understand these matters. But suchb having during former years been the course of business, it is quite easy to comprehend that pushing British produce has not been the first object of a merchant located in China. I am perfectly aware that the British manufacturers, when the four ports were first opened, established houses in China for the sole purpose of extending the sale of their produce, and that these houses did not pay. They could not pay, nor would they novr pay. The great profits come frora tea, silk, and opium. The houses that have this business in their hands have also to a great extent the British exports in their hands. The British exEort trade will not maintain mercantile houses zut it would pay for travelling agents acting in inmediate oonnexion with the home manufacturers, who should keep their principals at home well informed, and who should work their operations. through the established houses here. After what I have said, you must not wonder to hear some of the wealthiest men of China say that we are going on very well as we are-that the demands for free intercourse are unjust and impolitic-and that the utmost we want is one or two~ more ports and an Embassy at Pekin. Such is not. the opinion of the great body of the mercantile community. But it is the opinion of men who, will be much listened to in EngJand. 4. Bat the chief and all-sufficient reason why we are not doing wbat we ought to do inChinais, thatChina is not open to our rmerchaudise. Of course, there is a Spitalfields ball sort of feeling in China, as elsewhere; and official persons, being all in China of the good old Tory school, set their faces against foreign gooda. We have been told of Ohinamen stating they were ready to take shiploads of AIanchester goods if they could only be protected from the interference of their own mandarins. But this is a very minor consideration. The. authorities in China are strong against an indivi. dual, but utterly powerless against a popular feeling. China in this respect is the most democratic( country in the world; witness the growth of the poppy, the difficulty of raising new taxes, the im. mediate downfall of an unpopular officer, and the utter failure of the Emperor and all his powers at Pekin to force into circulation his debased lo-cash piece. The evil is, that British goods are not. brought under the eyes of the Chinamen of the interior cities. A Chinaman is the incarnation of what some people in England would call common sense. He has no prejudices of any kind, patriotic, religious, or sentimentaL Ee has& a strong clannish family selfishness, and that is alL You have nothing, therefore, to do but to convince him that you have that to sell which it would sUit. him to have, and that you can sell it at a lower price than he can get it at elsewhere. Convince the people of this, and all the mandarin3 in China will not stop your sales. At present, however, you are only upon the outer fringe of the great Chinese Empire. You might. have made more of your sphere of action than you have made, but you are not trading with China. All our ports, except Shanghai, are separated from the inland waters of China by a chain of mountains. A continuation of the Himalayas at a- much lower altitude, tracks the whole coast lie of China at some distance from the sea, and passes out at the Archipelago of Chusan. Inside those mountains lies the bulk of the Empire of China-outside lie our trading ports. The seaboard provinces extending southwards from Kiingpo to Canton are thus isolated from the interior, and from the great inland routes of traffic by this barrier of mountains. Over these mountains goods transmitted from the interior to any of the3e ports must be carried. Even in passing from Ningpo to Hlangehow there must be two transshipnients of goods. Amoy and Foochow have the Eameposition. Canton labours under the same disadvantages. Every piece of merchandise brought down from or carried up to the interior must be carried for 20 miles over a chain of mountains, and carried on men's backs. But, then, Canton has been fostered by its monopoly of intercourse, a race of carrying coolies has grown into existence, and the diflicultied are reduced to their minimum. If some strong and unreasoning power were to declare that Southend should be the only port in the British Islande where commerce should be carried on, no doubt Southend would have a still longer pier, and docks would be dug, and a harbour would be made, and Southend would cease to be the uninteresting spot it now is. Canton has been a Southend with its suggested monopoly. Amoy, Foochow, and Ningpo are Southends without any monopoly. There is a way of getting behind these hills and intothe central districts of the empire-a way wherein the merchant may travel without toil or danger; where no robbers can assail him at a vantage; where secret imposts cannot spoil his markets-a way which extends up to the furthest limits of the empire, and whence convenient and innumerable ways branch forth, reaching to every hamlet of this great central region. The gate at which we must enter China is the mouth of the Yang-tse-Kiang. Give us entrance there, ia our own ships, in our own steamers, and we can deposit our goods in every great city of the interior of China. Let us start from Shanghai, and make an iuaginary voyage up this river. With tho exception of M. Huc, no European has ever yet sailed upon its higher waters, or has, indeed, been much above Nankin. IMI. Hue has added nothing to our knowledge for commercial purposes; but Ihave obtained access to some reports of Chinese, who traverse the whole distance frequently with commercial objects, and I may be able to tell something more of this river than is yet known to Englishmen. H[aving threaded our way through the shallows at the mouth, we are in the largest, the deepest, and the most abundant river in the world. We pass for 200 miles through the rich province of Kiangsu, passing towns and anchorages less well known to ships of war. WVe wiU not now linger at Chekiang, or even at Nankin, for these great cities are now nothing more than the seared and wasted strongholds of a piratical power. All that was beautiful in the southern capital of China-even the famous porcelain pagoda-has been wantonly destroyed. Shut in from the land by the Imperialist besiegers, therebels maintain tbemselves by plundering the rich country up and down the banks of the river, and the Imperialists are scarcely less bturdensome to the country behind their camp. Commerce has fled from these parts. All we can ask of these plunderers is to let us pass in peace. Hitherto we have been in a tidal river. Henceforward, although we must still reck-on its width by miles and its depth by tens of fathoms, our mer- cnandise-laden steamer must be content to labour against an uncbanging stream. We traverse the rich and thickly-peopled province of Anhui, and in our voyage of 200 miles through that province we. find, besides a constant succession of towns, two first-class cities, at which we may tarry awhile todisplay our merchandisc and lighten our cargo. Now we reach the provinces of Huoeh and Ronan, the former on the north, the latter on the south bank. This is the country of thefinest teas. It is here that the Oopak teas are grown, which, by an unnatural route, are forced down to Canton, being borne on men's backs across the mountains instead of sent deftly down the stream of the great river whose banks produce them. Here are lakes, and broad streams running into them, and networks of canals connecting them. But, more than this, here, just at this spot, is the confluence of the Yang-tse with the great riverHan, which is itself banked with large cities and heavy with commerce. At this confluence webhave a congregation of enormous cities-Wuchung on the one bank-, and Hannan opposite, with immense suburbs extending far away. The population of these cities is differently estimated at 3,000,000 and 5,000,000 souls; but, what is of still greater importance, these two cities are undoubtedly the first great emporia oE Chinese commerce. Here is a market which may set all Manchester spinning, all Leeds weaving, all Sheffield grinding, and all Nottingbam throwing. if -we only have on board samples of what these. Celestials desiderate. It might be worth while, if they are shy of our new goods, to anchor a depOt ship in the deep broad -aters,-for we are tolcl there gi five miles of river from ohgre to A4r*W*
SBRFDOM IN RUSSIA. (Continued from The Times of Dec. 26.) BERtLIN, DEC. 23. The steps which tbe Russian Government has hitherto taken towards the abolition of serfdom have been desultory, tentative, and empirical; conscious of the great danger that would accrue to the entire State if auy sach sweeping priuciple were enunciated as would .trike at the root of the disease, they have contined themseives up till very lately to a mere palliation of the symptoms. Alexander l. commenced his reforms in the Baltic Provinces, wherethe relation of serf to owner was different from that which obtained in the rest of Russia, and closely resembled that which had at that time (1810) just been abolished in Prussia; bat his premature death prevented those reforms being carried out anly further. The most noteworthy step taken during the reign of the Emperor Nicholas towards the alleviation of the serf'a lot was the promulgation of the Swod, or general code, which at any rate fixed and defined his relation towards his owner, and gave him an appeal to resort to in the judicial institutions it then established. As a preparatory measure to the eventual abolition must be mentioned alao the diminutioni of the period of military service from 25 to 15 years, which admitted of the veterans of the army returning to the land at an age wben still capable of labour; and not only was this supply of labour, as such, a great boon to the land, but it was also free labour, which it was intended should form the avant-comesur of the employment of enfranchised serfs. in the military colonies established under the Emperor Nicholas there were no serfs admitted at all. The military system, however, that pervaded them, entailing as it did the strictest obedience to a most exigeaent pipeclay discipline, having been found to be a mistake, the colonies have within the last year been broken up. As another preparatory meaaure, undertaken under the auspices of the Emperor Nicholas, must be mentioned a general survey of the whole empire; for in a matter so closely affecting the most intimate agrarian relations aS the commutation of serfdom an official record and authority 'were requisite to which to refer, and which should be to Russia what the Domesday Book was to England of the 11th century. Unfortunately, thls great work is not yet finisbed, and this circumstance will form one of the hindrances in carrying out for the present any plan for the abolition of serfdom in Great Russia. As instances in which palliatives were applied to the symptoms while preparations were being made in secret for attacking the disease may be mentioned the following .-On occasion of a tumult breaking out at Mohilefi, in consequence of a number of serfs having been set to work on a Government building, a ukase forbad that in future serfs should be employed in any other than agricultural labours. In Xaluga so great a subdivision of estates had taken place-in other words, the various holdings had become so small, that extreme poverty and distress had resulted from it. A ukase thereupon commanded that in future no estates should be sold having less than 100 serfs on them, and in a year afterwards that number was raised to 200. (It is on the very smaU holdings, or where there is no land at all, to till, that the situation of the serf is the worst, and approaches the nearest to slavery.) In Witepak a noble lady had claimed of her serf such au extortionate obrok, or payment for liberty to earn his bread elsewhere, that he was driven to commit felony to enable him to meet the demand; a ukase thereupon fixed a nwa-lmum for tha obrok in aU Russia. The object of the Manifestoea issued by the Emperor Alexander, on the day of his coronation, was -1, the remedy of the evils inflicted during the war on the property of the nobles and the ditferent joint-stock communes by the abstraction of so many serfs for military purposes; and by the ravages committed on the population byvariousepidemica; 2, the mitigation of suffering produced by the severity of past laws; 3, the further obliteration of local and religioas distinctions throughout his empire; the only measures among the nutmerous ukases issued on that day that had any reference to the agrarian interests, were the suspension of aU further recruiting for the next three years, and the repeal of the law which required that the children born to all soldiers and sailors in active service should of necessity belong to the military or naval services of the State. The chief merit of the great reduction of the army which has since been carried out in connexion with its recent reorganization lies inthe supply to the land of a large quantity of free labour, for the serf that is taken from the nobleman's estate to serve in the Imperial army becomes, at his discharge from the ranks, a free man. The relief that this reduction of the army brings to the revenues of the State, however considerable, is but small in comparison with the boon rendered to the country by this supply of free labour. The value of this most economical element in the development of the country is so thoroughly recognized bg the landowners themselves, more particularly those in the provinces nearest to Prussia, that they are now letting out small plots of land to free families, the rent for which is to be worked out in labour to the extent of one or two days in the week for the whole household. This arrangement is found sufficiently attractive to the peasantry themselves to induce immigration into Russia, which hitherto had presented no attraction to free agricultural labourers, inasmuch as the existing polity Of Russia acknowledged no such status as this; a free agricultural labourer, and not a serf, either on private property, or as a member of a joint-stock commune, was an abnormity for which the Russian institutions offered no recognized place. The right of possessing serfs is a privilege of nobility. In Russia nobility may be acquired by a commoner obtaining rank in the service of the State; thus the eight highest grades of civil and military service formerly conferred were hereditary nobility, while the six inferior military and the two inferior civil grades confer only personal nobility; but during the present reign this quality of nobility bas been restrictedto the attainmentof the 4th grade in the Tschin, orState service. It was the acquisition of nobility, and consequently of the right of owning landed property and serfs by so many comparatively subaltern employes without fortune, that had led to the parcelling out of large estates into small plots of land, and the aggravation of serfdom into a state closely approaching to slavery. With a view to diminishing the absenteeism of the nobility, more particularly the old Polish nobility, from the provinces, which is produced in some degree by the fact of their being j eclipsed there by the local employes who have not only nobility in virtue of their office, but also power, the Emperor has lately given the nobility of certain governments increased latitude in the selection of persons to fill judicial offices in the provinces, of such a nature that they will in future be able to elect to them the poorer members of their own order, and thus relieve themselves of the unpleasantness of being rudely jostled in their own neighbourhood by a roturier in offlce. This absence of the nobility from their seats have hitherto been a fruitful sonrce of oppresion and injury to the serf population. The ukase enacting these alterations is of this month's date and has special reference to the cidevant Polish provinces now the governments of Kieff, Podolia, Volhynia, Kowno, Grodno, Wilna, and Minsk, where the noble landowners are chiefly of Polish descent, and therefore the less tolerant of being eclipsed by Russian officials. Another Imperial rescript, accompanied by two Ministerial rescripts, dated December 2, and addressed to the Governors of the three governments Kowno, Grodno, and Wilna, takes a further step towards the abolition of serfdom throughout the empire, and at the same time discloses the machinery with which and the conditions on which the Imperial Government desires to see the measure carried out. The Emperor thanks the nobility of the three governments for the goodwill and intentions they ~have declared to him wfith reference to an enfranchisement of their serfs, and directs how the three local committees, one for each government, and a general committee of the three for the elaboration of the various details of the measure, shall be constitateL He trusts the nobles will ehowthemselves worthyof the confidence he reposeo in them in calling on them to co-operate with tib in this great work, and recognizes the increased responsibility thrown on the Government to take care that the serfs shall not, in obedience to evil inspirations, attermpt prematurely to break the bands of fealty that at present bind them to their owners and the land. The first Ministerial rescript indicate. the outline of the measures which the abovementioned coinmittees are to elaborate under the surveillance of the provincial Governor. The serfs are tobe introduce| provisionally into an intermediate state, which shaU not, however, admuit of their changing their domicile8until theGovernmentha,enacted a lawemnpowerIng them t. do, which, however, it undertakes to do within 12 years. Not till the promulgation of the said law will they be perfectly tree. qhe landownjer retai s his undiminished estate, but the serfs are to be left iii the occwpanoy of theirpresent dwellings, which, however, they are to be at liberty to purchase withini a fixed term by a money payment or labour. A siiiall portion of land shall also be let to them, for which they shall pay a rent in money or labour. l'he present estate of the landowner sha]l be divided into the part he reserves for his own occupationi and the part he wiU let out to tenants; and that which has once been definitively set aside as land to be let out cannot be again ab- isrbed into the portion occupied by the landlord himself. During the provisional period of transition the serf shall not be at liberty to leave the estate without the permission of his owner. On the other hand, it shall not be competent to the lord of the manor to convert any of his present predial serfs into menial serfs; but, on the contrary, special enactrments shall speedily be promulgated to provide for the rapid diminution of this clmss, either by con- I verting them into predial peasants or by entirely enfranobising them. That which gives the two foregoing documents a general importance in spite of the special address they bear, is the second rescrlpt,issuedby the Mihister, in the form of a circular to the Governors and the Marshals of the nobility in every government throughout the empire, exhorting them to follow the example set them by the nobility of the three above-mentioned governments, and drawing their attention to tbe outline of the mnodus recommended by the Imperial Government for bringing about the gradual and eventual abolition of serfdom.. How enormous a change wiLl be effected in every relation of life in Russia by the actual executioa of this great scheme may be eeen from ahi enumeration of the institutions based on serfdom. For instance, -1. The whole military system, or that by which recruits are obtained for the army; 2. The supply of labour in manufacturing establishments ,hich at present consists mainly of serfs on obrok; 3. The banking system, which consists at present of numerous Government institutions for r*eceiving the deposits and savings of the people, and which they are at present limited to lending out on mortgage, for wrhich the landed estate s with their serfs have hitherto contributed the security. On the 1st of January of this year those deposits amounted to 1,002,500,000 of silver roubles, of whichfrom 800,0000,000 to 900,000,000 were lent out on mortgage; 4. The local courts of justice and police in the provinces, and the organization of the rural communes, together with the maintenance of the poor.
LICENSE OF COUNSEL. T0 THE EDITOR OF T1E TIME.S Sir,-A letter in your columns of to-day, signed "III Bird,' treats of the license of counsel in conducting the defence of a prisoner, anad the writer puts forward, as an illustration of the abuse of that license, a case so nearly resembling one in which I was myself concerned not long since that I am tempted to relate the circumstanoes of my case. and ask "Ill Bird" what he would have done in a similar case. The offence charged was burglary and stealing goods. The defence suggested in the brief for the prisoner was, that he was in the habit of visiting the prosecu. trix by night at the house in question for immoral purposes, and that be had done so on the particular occasion charged, and that the goods found in his possession were given to him from time to time by the prosectrix of her own free will. The suspicion naturally attaching to such a defence was strengthened by the modest appearance and demeanour of the prosecutrix when in the witness-box, and by the fact that she seemed to be about 45 years of age and destitute of all claim to beauty. I told the attorney for the prisoner that I was extremely unwilling to cross-examine her on the basis suggested in my brief, but he assured me that the prisoner steadily declared the defence to be a true one, and that he could only submit it to me. A counsel sitting at the table happened to be familiar with the wown where the burglary was alleged to have taken place, and he deolared that the prosecutrix, despite her dress and behaviour in the box, was notoriously a loose woman. Upon the strength of this assurance, and believing that I was bound to adopt any defence which the prisoner insisted upon, provided it were a possible one and not known to myself to be untrue, I cross-examined her from my brief, and received an indignant denial to every suggestion that I made. I could not contradict her denials, as that would have been to raise a collateral issue ; no other defence was practicable; and I therefore submitted the prisoner's tale to the jury, who convicted him. The learned Judge, who knew notbing of my instractions, scolded me tight well in his oharge to the jury, and refused to hear from me one word in my justification. Say, thou "Ill Bird," what would'st thou have done in mIn cse? Y. Y. z. Dec. 25.
TuF, CoNvicT BRIGBT.-Now the case is over there are numerous anecdotes going the round of the town about Mr. Bright. One of theso is very rioh. It is said that a gentleman who recently occupied a most elevated position in the town received a note from Mr. Bright one morning shortly after his apprehension, which ran nearly as follows:-" Dear -, As you are the cause, though innocently, of all my misfortunes, don't leave me here without coming to see me." The gentleman was astonished. He had never had dealings with Mr. Bright to be the cause of his misfortune. He set about inquiring Into the ground ef the allegation, and on being questioned by a third person, Mr. Bright laughed heartily at his friend's surprise. He explained that he (Mr. Bright) was one of a party who were entertained by the gentleman to whom he had written on board his yacht during an exeursion up the river Hell. The trlp was avowedly to make some of the party acquaintet with the sources of our supply of water; but this was no reason why they should not be " social," or that they should stick to water altogether. Hence there was plenty of good eating and drinkingcorks popped merrily, and the store of provisions waxed lower. Arrlved at Hull-bridge, Mr. Bright was landed (.s he wished to be back to Hull by some particular time) and walked to Beverley, where he caught the train. The btiskness of the walk, combined with the warmth produced by the good things of which he had partaken, threw him into a violent perspiration. In this state he took his seat in tbe railway carriage, and on his way home was so chllled that a severe eold ensued, followed by rheTmatism. The rheumatism sent him to BridlUngton. In his absence there his misdoings at the Hull Ilax sad Cotton hills came out -then the bank failare, then his own bankruptcy, then the discovery of the forgerim. He is said to have declared, with the greatest complacency, that If ho had not had this illness he would have found money enough to keep all afloat-that is paper money. And this brings us to another topic of conversation. It is said that of bUs a very larrge number are regulrly forged by some parties requiring them. A story is told of one person, now well to do, who makes it nO secret that he himsielf repeatedly dealt in such things. He narrates one case where he went to his banker's with a bill on which was a mame he had been using for some time. The banker looked at it, and, laying his finger on the forgery, said querulously, "That name again. Can't you give us another name ? I am tired to death of seeing that one." The person took the hint, destroyed the bill, went oft to the nearest stationer's shop, got another blank bill, filled It up, wrote on it the acceptance of a fictitious person whose place of residence was said to be at Birmingham, and a quarter of an hour after the first biU was refused he got the new one dlscounted. It Is said that instances of this kind are not rare, and Mr. Bright's case is only alluded to in connexion with it to give an idea of the extent to which forgeries are prActised. The history of H. S. Bright's personal and commercial career, if it were faithfully written, would r.veal the extent to which religious hypocrisy is capable of insuring a certain success in business in the nineteenth ce'ntury. Mr. Bright entered upon publio life wnth vehement professions of faith in the effioacy cf all church missions and tract dstributions sanctioned by the Evangelical clergy of HuIL From these religious profeesions he has never swerved, nor has he yet ceased to profit by them. In 1852, when he was over head'and ears In railway speculations, and more than 10,0007 worse than nothing, he published a volume of sermons contributed by clerg on of the Church of England in aid of the fund for liquidating the debt on the St.James's National Schools In this town. These sermons were preached at his own suggestion, published by him by subscription, and dedicated "To the Most Reverend Father in God, John Bird Sumner, by Divine Providence Lord Arch. bishop of Canterbury, Primate of all EBgland and Metro. politan, in humble acknowledgment of his many clims upon the affections of faithful members of the Church, by bis Grace's obedient and grateful servant, Henry S. Bright." In the preface to this volume, written by Yr. Bright, he refers complacently to the novelty of such an undertaking on the part of a layman, acknowledges himself indebted for counsel and assistance to many clerical friends. especially singles out for particular commendation a local incumbent-an old acquaintanoe of ours-and also "that venerable and distinguished champion of Protestant truth," the late Rev. George Stanley Faber, Master of Sherburn Hospital. The preface concludes with the expression of Mr. Bright's earne8t "prayer that the Great Head of the Church may bless these sermons to the spiritual benefib of those who read them, that so, beyond the mere temporal advantage of relieving sohools from debt, they may pro-o an eternal blessing to many souls." By this really clever dodge, vhich so flattered the vanity of the parsons, Mx. Bright made all the clergy his friends. They unconmalously became tools in his bands for extolling far and near the fame of bis chbroh and educahonal zeal, thereby consolidating his ln. fluence on the Stock-Exchange. We by no means bTme the clergy for falling Into the trap thus laid for them. Spiritualmamded men themselves, they must have regarded with admiration the spectacle of a British merchant wIo, in the midst of the railway turmoil of 1852, could abtraot his mind from the things of this world, and immortalize them by embalming their eloquent words for the edifloation. insiruotion, and censolation of posterity.-HuU Advriisert. GTXAT NOnRTsnM HO0SITAI, KING'S-cROSS.- Number of registered attendanoes of patients for the week ending Wednesday, December 16. 1,377 ; total frow, theist ci 45iuuary, 1857, to tbs date, 66,0i.
I MR. R4CKERAY AND THE COMMAEUIAL i . 'RA ZB4L ER The annual festival to commemorate the establiehment or the Commercial Travellers' Schools, in whioh lW orphan and necesaiious children are educated and maintained, was held at the London Tavern on Saturday evening. Mr. `1 b.ckeray, the celebrated novelisr, presided; and qpwards of 100 principals of leading firms in the city and "gentlenen of the road" sat down to dinner. In the course of the evening the scholars were led in procession round the room, and their healthy, intelligent, and cheerf vi appearance was tte theme of universal prise The usual loyal toaAts having beeu duly honoured, The CnAiRwAx proposed "The Army and Navy," observing that the hearts of our brave soldiers at Delhi and Lucknow muet have throobee with pride, as they sat at their Christmas feast, when they thought of how their gallant services to their country 'would be appreciated in .igland that day (cheers). The CHAIRMAN next rose and said,-I approach the toast of the evening with very great diffidence, remembering " ho have been my last two predecessors in this chair (1r. Dickens and Sir X B. Lytton, and how consummnate was the eloquenoe with which each of those distinguished men ad dressed you. Moreover, after all that has happened very zecently, 1 feel it needful for me to be particularly cautious whenevor I come to any meeting in the city which has to do with money and monetary affair ("HeAr," and a laugh.) It is seldom that I appear at all m these regione, unless, indeed, it be occabionally to pay a pleadag visit to Messrs.t Bradbury anid Evans, in oBoverieatreet, or to Messrs. Smith and Co., of CornhULT BuLt I read my paper, like every good Briton, and fromn that I gather a lesson of profound qaution in speaking to mercantile men on subjects ofthis kid. Supposing, for instance, that I have sha es in the Bundelcund Banking Company or in the Royal British Diddlesex Bank I come down to a meeting of the share' holders and hear an honQured treasurer and an admirable president make the most flourshing reports of the state of our concern, showing to us enormous dividends accompanied with the most elegant bonuses; and proving to us that our funds are invested in the most secure way at Bogleywallab, Btudelcund, and Branksea Castle. (Lughter.) I go away delighted at the happy prospect before my wife and family, feeling perfect confidesace that those innocent beings whi be comfortable for the rest of their lives. What; thein, is my horror, when, in one brief fortnight after, instgad of those eniomous dividends and elegant bonuaes, I am served with a notice to ,pay up a most prodigious sam (laughter) ; wheen I find that our estates at Bundelcund and Bogleywallah have been ravaged by the Bengal tiger; that the Island of Branksea is under water;' that our respected president'is obliged to go to Spain for the bene6Lt of his health, and our eloquent treasurer cannot abide the London fog. (Renewed laughter.) You see I must be a little careful. But, granted that the accounts we have here have not, like our dinner, been subjected to an ingenious culinary process (a laugh)granted that you have spent, as I read in your report, 25,0001. in raising a noble school and grounds; that you have invested another 15,0001. In the fuids; that you have collected around you the happy juvenile fae whbih I see smiling on yonder benches, to be the objects of your honest, Christian kindness; and that you have achieved this scheme among' yonuselves-grAnting aU this to be true, then, gentlemen, I am your mnost humblo servant, and no words that I can find can express my en; thusastlc admiration for what you have done, and for the excellent institution of which yoa re the heartynatrpns and 'supporters. (Cheers.) I slncerely wsh, on behalf of my own class, the literary profeeson, that w; could boast of anything as good. I wish thst we had an institutton to which we could confide our children, Instead of having to send them about to schools as 'we do, at an awful cost. When the respected Mr. Squeors, of Do-the-Boys Hall, announces that he proposes to take a limited number of puoils-I should rather say a Aumber of very limited pupils (a laugh)-it is not because he is In love with the little darlings that he does It, but because he designs to extract a profit out of them. It always pains me to think of the profits to be screwed out of the bellies of the poor little Innooenta. Why have 'we not, as men of letters, some such as0ociation as that 'which you have got up? I appeal to my literary brethren, if any of them are present, whether we, the men of the line, cannot emulate themenoftheroad? (Elear,hear.) A week ago a friend engaged in my own profession, making his 1,0001. a-year, showed me the half-yearly account of his two little boys at schooL These little heroes of 6 and 7, who are at a very excellent school, where they are welland comfortably prOvided for, came home with a little bil in their pocket vhich amounted to the sum of 751. for the half-year. Now, think of this poor PaterfamiUia earning his moderate 1,000'. a-year, out of whioh he has his life assurance, his income. tax, and his house-rent to pay, with three or four poor rela tions to support-for, doubtless, we are all blessed with these appendages (a laugh)-and with the heavy bills of his wife and daughters for millinery and mautna making, to meet, especially at their present enormous rates and sizes. (Renewed laughter.) Think of this over-burdened man having to pay 751. for one half-year's schooling of his little boys. (floar, hear.) Let the gentlemen of the press, then, try to devise some scheme which shall benefit them, as you have undoubtedly benefited by what you have accomplished for yourselves. I will not, allude to the educatory process through which you put your children, and which was spoken of last year by the distinguished man who filled this chair in terms of most just praise, except to say that you appear to teach the pupils modern languages, mathematics, music, and the various other branches of instruction needed to fit them for the encounter of life which l are obliged to enter. We are aUl travellers and voyagers who must embark on life's ocean; and before you send your boys to sea you teach them to swim, to navigate the ship, and guide her into port. Tlie last time I visited Axmerica, two years ago, I sailed oanboard the Africa, Captain Harrison, an officer who has now received a much larger command-the Leviathan; and all that I can say is, I heartUy wish him and his employers 'we out of the ' fix." (A laugh.) The Africa, however, 'was 'steaming out of LAverpool one fine blowy October day, and was hardly over the bar, when, animated by those peculiar sensations lot uncommon to landstnen at the commencement of a sea voyage, I was holding on amidships (a laugh), Up comes a quica-eyed, shrewd-looking little man who holds on by the next rope to me and says, "Mr. Thackeray, I am the representative of the house of Appleton and Co., of Broadway, New York-a most liberal and enterprising publshing firm, who wlll be most happy to do busines gwith you." I don't know that 'wethen did any businessin the line thus delicately hinted at, because at that particalar jnncture we 'were both of us caUed, by a heavy lurch of the ship, to a casting up of acoounts of a far lessagreeable charac. ter. (Laughter.) But, gentlemen, there are but few of us who are not travellers. I parted to-day from a near neighbour, and as famous and Intelligent a traveller as an) that I oould name-I mean Mr. William nHoward RusSell, the traveller for a celebrated publishing firm in Piintlng-honsesqnsre (" Rear, hear," and a laugh.) We all know how he travelled lthree years ago, when he 'went out for his employers to inspeet the shot and shell and bayonet market of theCrinmea, and reported on the state of Brench grape at the Malakhoff, of British beef at BalaIkava, and of usian hides at Inkermann. (Cheers andlaughter.) He isnow on his way to Marseilles. In another month he will be in Indi, (cheers), and he will see the shattered gates around which the brave young engineers died at their duty, and through which Wilson and hi gallant comrades p desef over heaps of enemies, until they reached the Imperial.Palace of Delhi, in which, amid shouts of victory, the health of Queen Victoria was drunk. He will see the battered walls through which Havelock and Outram, and, lastly, Sir Colin Campbell and his relieving army, marched to rescue our 'women and children, crushing hosts of 'foes before them, and finally planting the glorious old flag of England on Lucknow's 'walls. Cheers.) That, gentlemen, 'was a melancholy dinner of his yesterday-his Christmas dinner, the last meal he was to take here at home. The little children sat round the table on that sad evening, and the poor wife must have gazed at them with a wistful eye. But now the parting is over, and this day he has taken his first step on his long journey. Many and many a time in the solitude of travel, in the loneliness of the desert; on ship-board at the morning-watch, when sea and sky are flushed with the golden sunrise; or at midnight, amid the rushing waters, and under the tas of God, he will think with inexpressible tender. zess of the dear beings he has left at home. (Cheers.) But for his children he might have been among us now, gentlemen, as he was last year. Ie separates from them in order to do his duty-in order to toll that they may be comfortable-in order to earn the means of one day coming back to them, and seetng them growing up around him educated and happy. (Hear, hear.) And you, gentlemen, in your several degrees, also support toil, privation, trvel, and separation, in order to make your young ones happy; and you commiserate, too, the cause of your brethren in distrees-you compassionate the poor and the unfortn4ate, remembering His divine ordinanoe who made the little children come unto Him. (Cheers.) 3M. Thackeray concluded by giving-" Prosperity to the Commercial Travellers' Sbchools. (Drunk amid loud applause.) Various complimentary toasts followed, and a liberal sbscription in aid of the charity was made by the company present, The treasrer (Mr. Geo, lMoore) stated that the building erected by the society at Pinner, which contains 100 boys and 47 g irls, has now been paid for an.d freed fom mortgage, but thsat 'while the annunal expenditure of the Institution amounts to o,OOOI. the gross income is only The musical arrangements of the evenin vwere under the direction of Mr. Lawler, aslsted by the ases Wells and Mr. Perren, Mr. Harker acted as toastmaster.
THRE SAPFF BXMIN A_IOJiS. TO THEi EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-May I be alowed to point out an error of detail in the plan of examining candidates for staff employment A certain number of marks is allotted to each of the French, German, and Hindostnee lnguages. An ex.mi- ation in the fLtis, very properly. made compulsory, and in the two latter it is, with equal propriety, left to the option of the candidate, What Is required on the staff of an army i, not that every officer should have a smattering of e ery language, but that the Commander.in.Cbief may at al times ba able to lay his hand upon au ofEicer capable of translating or composing a despatch in any of the languages employed by the prineipal military Powers. How is this desirable end to be obtained? By addilng to the optiona ist at least the Spansh Itali nd Russian lnages. Thus, without imposing hardahipupon any lass our offioers would hare an inducementto utilize the time spent in travat or .n the cooojep, and the staff would posess a number of accompi she d. linh gu Jiits of which on ±d fciencyw asp . hi y XOur obedient WYt} , UBIQUB
Z2OBTHUMBERLAND AND DUBRA3PDISTRrUZ' BANrKNG OOMPANY. NEWCASTLE.ON.TYNE, SATuRDAY EvsNING. - eFpUINL MeesTng 01 tile SllSrehoiders in tbis unfortunate compMay vas held this afternoo in the Bank-buildings, Grey-street, in this town, "for the purpose," as expressed in the advertisement, " of assenting to the company regis. tering itself as a company other than a limited company, under the Joint-Stock Banking Companies Act of 1857.' h'bere was a considerable attendance of shareholders; also eeveral solicitors, who appeared for large shareholders. Mr. W. B. OGDn, acting director, was called to the chair, and, in opening the busineues of the meeting, said they were met together pursuant to advertisement for one object only. That object was one which he thought the) would all he desirons to promote, for it was one which hereafter would iatimately concern each shareholder. It was to have the District Banking Company registered other thau a&limited oompauy,under the Joint-StockBankingCompantes Act of 1857. When so registered the persons and separate property of each sharehelder could not be affected by legal proceedings, of which there were unfortunately some now pending. Parties suing might sue againrst any individual sbareholder as they now stood, and those parties would pro. bably sue the person they thought best. The Legislaturelhad thought it unfair that any single shareholder should be sub. j ct to actions of this description, and when they had takern advantage of the provisions of the Act, and were registered, this could not take place, and only the funds of the bank could be proceeded against. Mr. J. uESTMAN moved,That this cOnp=nhrssee companb,rnudere asa co)mpaLnrother than a lmted cosmpany.utndceormuer olbn t-dtB BinnCoaDpanles Act, 1857." Be need add nothing in support of the motion, for every l one of them knew that it was of the utmost consequence to each and all of them. Mr. JoEiN GBLY, of Dilston, seconded the motion. It was a meaesure, he Raid, very necesary for the safety of the bauk and to fscfitate the winding up of the concern. Ir. W. BAINBILIDGX, barrister, said he represented a large shareholder. and wished to ask the chairman whether it was intended when the company bad taken the benefit of this Act, of which step he fully approved, to take a stil 'further step, and take advantage of the winding-up claeses of 1854, and appoint liquidators. That Act was intended to dispense with theneeasltyof a compulsory one, and he was firmly convinoed that if they did not take advantsn of these voluntary clauses they would get into the Court of Chancery underthe compulsory clauses. For he held it to be impossible that the oompany could deal with the eharae toldersand debtors-get the calls paid up and the creditors settled with, who were not represented. He thought the plan would be to call another meeting as soon a the comn pany was registered in order to choose liquidatorsg and he thought the creditors could not select a better representa. tive than the chairman. (Hear, hear.) If they were at la3t obliged to come to the compulory clanses there would be a mauc greatr preamre and a much greater expense. It, on the contrary, they agreed to appoint liquidators, they had at once a machinery for the purpose of dealing with the creditos, shareholders, and debtors with deci. sion and with discretion. The step would be attended wtith the best possible effects. The lidators would be obliged to come and report their proo dings, and satisfaction would he given to all parties, He believed they wrould excite the derision of the whole mercantile coomunmity if they did not make knowfnto those who were really interested the true The CHA:nt,m.-Do you make a motion ? Ir. BANBRmGX.-Xo, I cannot do that; I am not a shareholder. The resolution was therefore put and carried, The CHAiRmAN, in answer to Mr. Baibridge's questlon, said the step he recommended could not be taken without the sanotion of the shareholders. He could not give a precise answer at that momnent. The directors an com aittee of shareholdera could not pledge themselves to suoh a course at present. Mr. PHmtrroiN said the oorapany must be registered before a motion ofthis kind could he entertained. MIr. FAi asked how long that would ake. The CHrnRxrN.-A few days. The CER5rA, in answer t 'Mr. PP=Esyir,a with reference to actions brought- against the shareholders, said the amount was comparatively small; it would not exceed 8.007 Mr. WOODmAw, solicitor, Morpeth, suggested, as a highly satisfactory course, that the directors should avail thenmselves of another clause in the Banking Companies Act, and have the investigation of the affairs of the company con. duoted under the authority of tho Board of Trade. Mr. GREY asked if Mr. Bainbrldge's suggestion was not to the same effect. Mr. WooDix said it was not. It was quite different altogether. Mr. GBEY said that It was obviously the interest of aU parties concerned in this miserable affair to have the benefit of winding'up at as early a period as possible, and with the least posstble expense. The CHA&nur said both courses were open to the directors and comamittee, and they would endeavour to decide. In either ease there must be a general meeting of shareholders. Subsequently, In answrer to 3r. B3AMInDGx, The CHAsRmtA sadd he thought he might safely say that the directors were quite ready and willing to adopt either course-that which should be considered most likely to attain their commou object. He said the directors and enumitee had exercised the power conferred Upon them at the last meeting, and called ln the aid of Mr. Fairs. After some further conversation the meeting concluded with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. With regard to the position of the bank a local paper says, ',On Thursday they (the direton) were ar,ved at the instanoe ot several sharehelders aud creditors with a petltioD, which Li so be herd before VlceoChancellor Kinders'ey on the 06th of January, for plad the bank uader the Winding-up Act, and appot.ing an offtcia manager. The petittron 3n tate various grievane, an3d clI tor a foll and serchbiDg lnqalry, andlIt e innded, If hey succeed, to propoee Mr. Hardinz, of London, at present acting for the Boyal Brltish sank cenucittee. in that npselYtion.tipcor^ceteltrn ou Tuckr. 25 t. eritOhln's-lanrte,.otntdoo Is tthe fgentlemaKn who visited Newatre tia, week for the parpoce of taking this Important stop. flie rteulrns here e.lfUndsrs'aul On an ery dlay to comemunicate with other sliareholiers and obtain their a4ro, anrtadbe,lon."
SEDoyism IN TEl COtUMIY OF DOW.-A the NeNwtowna-ds Petty Sessions, en Tuesday, a case of viola. tlon was heard which is almost unparalieled in its kind, and certainly has never been surpassed in atrooty. We have seldom to report anything so revolting; but, considering that the interesiz of the public are far better consulted by publicity than suppression in all such cases, we give the particulars. Thomas H Lynas, ticket-clerk at the Dundonald Railway Station; Hugh Kennedy, porter under Lynas, at the same statlon; and Andrew MI'MIaster, a sailor, recently home from a voyage, stopping in the neighbourhood of Dundonald, and an !aqualntance of Kennedy, were charged with the ontrae in question before Mr. Guy Stone, J.P. Mr. D. B. Franks, R * and Captain Powell, J.P.-nameIny, with having oommitted a rape upon the person of a young woman named Sarah B. MKeuna, The offence was charged against the prisoners separately and collectively. The story of this abominable affair having spread far and wide over the country the Courthouse of Newtonards, on Tuesda.y morning, was crowded with spectators, anxions to hear the facts of a case which, we are sore, is without paraUel for brutality in the criminal records of the county Down.l The mag!trates, however, decided upon hearing the case in prlvate. Mr. Coates, soUcitor, of Arthur-street, Belfast, appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Dinnen for the defence. Lynas and M'sster were in custody, but Kennedy has absconded. Vigorous efforts, however, re being made for his arrest, and his capture is confidently expected. Sarah M'Keuna is about 22 years of age, and rather good-looking. She lives at Ballykeel, which is near Dnndonald. She is the daughter of a widow, who holds a small farm in that neighbourhood. Sho bas earned her livellhood, of late, by sewed muslin work. The present case arose in consequence of an application to Mr. Park, of Belfast, that he would send her a parcel of such work, and which was to have been left at the Dondonald station as usual Her statement is, that at about 8 o'clock onthe evening of the 10th inst. sbe went to the Dundonald station for the parcel, and applied for It. On making inquiries for the parcel Lynas asked her to go into the waiting-room and st down till he would look for it. On being asked to sit down she refused, stating that a person was waiting outside for her; but this turning out to be untrue she was finally induced to take a seat. She entered into a ffrting conversation with the three men. After some timae.she was told there was no parcel for her, but she still waited, warming herself at the fire. No more trains were expected that night, and no other persons but the three accused and herself were about the station. This station is at least 500 yards from any other building. Her evidence goes on to state that, after jesting some time with Lynas, be thrust her into a room leading off from the office, the station being divided into three compartments. The door was shut upon her by Lynas, and the first mean who entered the room to her was Kennedy, who had no sooner went in than ho fastened the door and made improper overtures to ker. She screamed and cried energetically, and struggled for some time, her clothes being torn to shreds, but he succeeded in his infamous pupose. He then opened the door and went out. She tried to go out at the same time, but he pushed her bxok into the room. There was then a short interval, after which WM'ster went into the room to her. There was the same terrible scene. By this time her strength, as might be expected, was almost exhausted, and, upon Lynas going in and perpetratiDg the sarme offence, she alleges that she was scarcely able to make any resistance. She, however, appealed to Lynas in the most fervent manner to spare her, and to protect her from the outrages of the other men, but all her entreaties were unavailing. But the horrors of the evening did not end here, for, incredible as it may appear, both Kennedy and M'Master, in snocessi. n, repeated the revoltiog outrage uporn the poor girl. During this frightful orgie, which we are sure tie most diaboliclL acts of the Sepoys in Cawapore did not surpass in atrocity, it appears that the men inflamed themselves with whiskey, for which one of them went to a neighbouring publichouse. They asked her to drink vith them, which she refused, and they finished it among themselves. Her description of the scene which folwowed is scarcely credible. They stripped themselves and danced demoniseally about the station, more]ike fiends than human beings. They kept her in the room till 3 o'clock in the morning, and even then she was afraid to go away lest they should follow her and again assault her. In a halt dying state she dragged herself to the Newtownards Station, and tbere immediately told her story to the stationmaster. The directors were soon informed of the matter, and sbe appoaxs not to' have lost amy timne in bringing the oflendoe to jusiMce. It is in favo.r of her story that she shia her statement before three different mnagistrates, at three different times aud that ih no particular has she vaeied in tbe lestt. 'The complainant wa 'under examinaMlo.n from 12 eo'look till half-past 6 on Tuesday. The cro".uxamina. tioz entirely failed in breaking down her atory, the ret eideavour: of thI defenfe being to prove ths:& she bXdnot been prevously a irl of good character. Tne Bench, howeter, refused to Now any evidence for the defence, and sent the case for fal to the spring assis at Downpatrick They likewise refused to accept bail for the a*ppranco of the prisoners. The prosecutrx, by the 'Authoity of Government, is to be under the protectlo'A of the polio till the tlme of he trial, and is to be alla wed h sufficlent rs.inteu. srce.-2ort1ie-n Whig.
BLgcrroy IiV?ELrGE'EfCE. BUCKS. AYL[ESBUY, D=c; 25. This morning, at 8 o'clock, the polling oommenoed throughout the coanty, and thexrtbernovel oocurreneeof & cer4tested election ia this Conservative county contribixted to give additional interest to the prooeedings. The arraugerneat. for the polling appeared to be most defective, there beng only fonr poolling paces for the vswole county-riz., Buckiogham, Ileaconfield, Aylesbury, and Newport Pag. ¶nll-*li of them a rery gre Mis pcearwt, tnud it being neceS rS, D cose<uece ofther bengO telegraphic or 2aila cotmoucxtln beweenson- of the distlicts, to~ send the aetnrns by meons of mounted messengrs between the differejit places, 4' distanoe in some cases of between 20 ,nd 30 miles. IY consequenoe. of this there was very considerable delay, wad the final returs vere not made up until a late hour. The register-of voters turaed out to be in the most extraordinary conditioji no political agents on either side having, it appeared, paid aur attention to it for a great many years. The Tesult is that the- register is. most defecitlre, and many voter.? names remained on the register who had actually been dead for many years in other caSes the parties had left the coutry, and in many instances nothing whaterer could be asertained of the whereabouts of the per3on whose name appeared upon the register as entitled to vote. The polling commenced with spirit, and Mr. Cavendish from the commencement had a alight lead upon the amount ot the gross poll. At 2 o'clock the returns made were as followvs- Cavendish. Hamilton, Buchingham 150 . 170 Beaconafield . 616 .145 Aylesbury .46t . 557 Newport Pagael _ 3190 ... ...285 1,317 1,167 Majority for Cavendish ... 160 At this time it appeared that the great majority of the electors had recorded their votes, and the pollini went on languidly, but at 3 o'clock the majority for Mr. Cavendish appeae to have been somevwhAt increased, the grow nambers given, according to the returns that had come in, being :- Cavendish 1.47. IHamilton 1,301 A lMajority for Cavendish ... 176 At 6 @clock the final nxumbers given were as follows Cavendish. Hamilton. Buckiugham 210 ... 214 Beaconsfield 647 ... 260 Aylesbary.. . 550 . 620 Newport Pagnell.210 ... 362 Majority for Cavendish .6.7 1,456 The final declaration of the poll wtill take place this (Monday) mornisg, at 11 o'clock.
THE WEST INDIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I rejoice to mee from My. Buxton's letter, in yotr Impresdon of the 23d, that " the philanthropista" begin tO feel that the prosperity of the British West Indies is the test of their own success. At length wo stand upon common ground, and may work together, for who can be more opposed to slavery than the colonist, whose llfe Is spent i4 in unequal contest with Cuba and Brazil? But, while cordiAly reciprocating Mr. Baxton's tone, I cannot admit all l's statements. I pass over No. I (use of the whip) It shows that which the returns of factories and gaols have shoin-how few ame fit for absolute control over their I ellow.creatures On this we need not dwell, for all who know the Wext Indies know aho that nothing less than a standing army, outnumbering the negro, population, could restore a vestige of slavery. As to NSo. 2 (policy of emancipation), owing to my absence froni London, I have unfortunately no statistics to which I Fan refer. In Barbadoes, where tho increase of population Is considered most Tapid, it was from 1844 to 1851 only at the rate of 1J per cent.* per annum. In a congenial climate, with light work and abundant food, it ought to be much more. Early and promiscuous intercourse and extreme neglect of children are opposing causes WithlNo. 3 (was emancipation toohasty?),I cannot ooncurI admit that the conduct of the colonists was headstrong and provoking to a degree; bnt the Imperl Government should have been more just and dignified than to have retallated by a measure which has been given up even by a wam antislavery champion, the present Earl Grey.± I forbear to t nlarge on the pi assure by which emancipation was hurried on against the convictions of our wiest statesmen. The "I Recolectlons " of Sir George Stephen show ihat mean5 employed to excite popular passions were at least question2 able. Doubtlew there were many whose motives ware high and pure-zone,gI believe, more so than he whose namne your correspondent bears. The remainder of the letter requires to be more fally answered. There is a suppression, Inadvertent, no doubt, or most important particulars; but the cams as statedbear3 most strongly against Mr. Buxton's argument. His retur3n show a falling off in eports, in the face of ilmensely in. creased demand, and, notwithstanding improved agriculeture and lachinery, of more than amillion and a half ow. But it must bh rememfered that these returns include Barbadoes, which, thauks to a population of 817 to the squae mile, had more than doubled Its crop in the period, so that every other colony must have declined to a far greater extent than appears from Mr. Buxtoa!s figures. We find, in fact, that the exports of Jamaica had diminished to the enormous extent of from 1,429,093 evt. to 441,197 cwt.s while those of Cuba and Poreo Rioo had inreased to England alone from 212,871 cw to 2,043,529 eowt.4: That 's, Spanish enterprlse, in spite of "abeenteeim, slavery, and protection," had beaten BritIsh enterprise by about thirty to one. Nor is this all. Poor as the reslt is, it is not all the work of the omancipated negro. There have been introduoed into our West Indies, from 1847 to 1856, 47,739 immlgrants,§ and to them it is owing th!at some of the colonieg exist at all. In British GuinLa, which exported in 1854 898,314 cw* ., hardly a ton of sugar ismadebynegroes. In Trinidad, which exported 537,280 cwt., out of 14,000 labourers nearly 8,000 ate, a you have correctly stated, immigrants. With regard to tho negro population that has taLaen plics of which Sir Robert Peel said,a " If ever the back population of the West Indies shall become squatters on waste lands, or mere cultivators of provision grounds, instead of labourers for hire, then slavery and the slave trade wil have received the last and greatest encouragement which it is In the power of man to bestow." We cannot recall the past. That which is done well or ill is beyond our power; it is the interest of al parties to make the best of It, but let us not mistake at the outset. The West India queston is a question of labaur and that alone. Too great stres Is laid on absenteeism. There Is absenteeism in Cuba and Louisiana as well as ixn Jamaica. The most presperons estates are often those of absentees, because sugar cultivation requires large capital, and capt1alists as a general rule will xot reside In the tropics. labour is the real 'want, and fewer labourers have been imported into the British West Indies altogether sinoe the emancdpa. tion than are carried in a single yer to Caba, ad of thesa f ew more than one-eighth have returned again,§ Under a different system compromisod Indians and starving Caffres might now be on their way to colonlzothe West Indies. Government has by oxtrome caution seriously, checked immigration, forgetting that it is essentially our Interest that it should be properly conducted, and that the Immigrants of every kind, not even excepting Europeans, find in the British West Indis a freer atmosphere than that which they left behind. If the philanthroplsts see that their object is identical with that of the West Indeias,. as it-really is, much may be done. Ecoever this may be they should knew that your remarks of Saturday last am pregpnt with the gravest warning; that until freedomrin t West Mdies can suC. cassfully compete with slavery their task is but half accom. plished; that as long as within SWmiles of Cuba, widh,. la spite of a wretchd Govemnment and crushing taxatfon4 teems with wealth for the thriftles and indoknt Spaniard. lies patent to the world th& iinert sass of Ji1maica net eSve returning money lid ouk ko the energetic Englshman or Sootchman, 84 knw will their utaost enndavoum be baffle& by what yoe aptly term " the renewed viialit* oE saveryz, I an, Sir, your mcst obedisnt msrvyat STEPHEN CAVE, Deptst Ch.ifaa of the West inda Coammittee. Sidmont, D>ec. 24 t Desp.ch from Goverow Hamilton, April 13, 1&-4 1± OolonI& Policy of Lo 3.ohn. RneU. + Rletura tcouse of Commons, 1857; 7iIr. Moffb. ReportofEig~ration COumaieonem WIT. It --------->s
LONDON, MONDAY, DEUMEBER 28,1857. The intelligence brought by the mail from India, which we are expecting from hour to hour, cor. responds, so far as it has been anticipated by telegraph, with the expectations which former information might have suggested. Lucknow, like Delhi, has fallen before our arms after a long series of combats, and British authority is everywhere regaining its ascendancy, notwithstanding fresh local outbreaks in the territories of Bombay. The details of the engagements in Oude are scarcely requhred for the general elucidation of the proceedings. In this case the brief annotncements of the telegraph give us foundation enough for our conclusions. We know the state of Oude, the resources which it offered to the insurgents, the numbers and disposition of its population, the resort of the fugitive mutineers to its capital, the situation of the city itself, of the European garrison, and of the rebel army around it. The operations and successes of Sir CoLI CAMPJWBLL accord exactlylwith the deductions which these circumstanees, combined with the known resolution of our commanders, might have induced us to form. The population of Oude exceeds that of Scotland, and the inhabitants of Lucknow are twice ag numerous as those of Edinburgh, This statement, however, conveys but a very imperfect idea of the entire case, for the Oude people are universally military, and must have been trained in some sort of martial discipline almost to a man. It has been observed that here alone we appear to encounter a popular rther than a military insurrcUon, but the truth is that here all the people are soldierx. The character of Oude is purely military; the whole province iis one huge garrison. It is to this country that we have always repaired for our own Sepoy levies, and the Sepoy fugitives and Sepoy pensioners have naturally retreated to the same spot. But, besides our own army, there were two others maintained out of the population. The Ring of OUDB, who was dethroned but the other day, had a force of 60,000 men; and the forces of his feudatories retained for their pri'vate occasions were computed by Sir Hgnpy ILAw:ENc to number at least as many more. This gives 120,000 soldiers in the province, in addition to all the accessionF from our own traitorous battalions, or from the musters of 1IT_ SAm and his accomplices. With such an aggregate of troops of aRl descriptions it can be no wonder that in Oude mutineers should appear identical 'with inhabitants, and that the entire provinace should seem to be in arms against us. The scene of action on which these forces were concentrated was exceedingly circumscribed, the 'whole of the fighting ground being of lesm extent than many ordinary battlefields. The fortified position of the Alumbagh stands at a disance of three miles from Lucknow, on the Cawnpore side; and the Residency, garrisoned, like the Alumbagh, by British troops, was just outside Lucknow itself, in an opposite direction. The whole depth of the city, therefore, and three miles of road were interposed between the two British posts, and thi, space exhibited one mass of -rebels in arrs. Sir CoaOJ CAAIPBEWIS object was to reach the Resi. dency and rescue its garrison, for which purpose it was necessary to force a pawsage by incessant fighting through this enormous mob of soldiers, well-armed, advantageously posted, and taught by our previous operations their points of greatest strength. No other conditions of battle could have produced such singular features as those which have been now reported The British Commander arrived without opposition, and with what proved to be an irresistible force, on the 12th of November at the Alumbagh; that is to say, within three or four miles of the point to 'which his expedition was directed, and yet, notwithstanding the vigour of his advance and the support of a powerful artillery, it was little short of a week-five ful days-before Sir COux CAIPBELL at one end of the three miles, and Sir HERNRY HAvEocK at the other, could contrive to effect a meeting through the compact mass of insurgents between them. Every day about half a mile or so of ground appears to have been cleared by dint of interminable combats. The space between theAlumbagh andLucknow was filled with barricades, loopholed buildings, and extemporized fortifications, and the best description, perhaps, to be given of the affair would be to say that it resolved itself into about four miles of street fighting, successfully accomplished in five days. It must have been Delhi over again as nearly as po3sible, with an enemy far more numerous, and probably better prepared. It is no, likely to have escaped the reader's observation that all this desperate resistance was offered in a perfectly hopeless cause. At Lucknow, no doubt, the insurgents were not only attacking the Residency but defending themselves. Thoy naturally made a stand somewhere, and Oude, as will be seen from the remarks above offered, was the most favourable place to be found. Still, it wllI be recollected that when the ascendancy of the British arms had been unquestionably decided, when the Lower Provinces had been preserved, when Cawnpore had been recovered, when Delhi had been stormed, when the KnqvG had been taken prisoner, and English troops were pouring in by thousands, a set of rebels waS nevertheless besieging the Residency at Lucknow as ferociously as NANA SAnBr had besieged Cawnpore. Had they been ever so succesful they could have done no more than purchase a few days' triumph at the cost of a dreadful penalty, for the prospects of the mutiny were already ruined beyond redemption, and that all Oude would be in British hands before many 'weeks had elapsed was as certain as any future event could be. Nor couldl the insurgents have been ignorant of these facts, for the natives of India, like other Asiatics, maintain their communications with marvellous precision, and it is probable that the leaders of the revolt in Oude were better informed on all points than the British garrison. In any European campaign the fall of Delhi would have proved the relief of Lucknow, and the besiegers of the latter place would have decampea in haste at the first news of the irredeemable disaster which had befallen their arm. In India, however, such considerations exert little or no influence. We have repeatedly caUed attention to the hope. less and meauingless chacter 'which isolated revolts have assumed-revoltb which exploded when success was out of the question, and when suppression and punishment were infallibly sure. Perhaps the most extreme case was that of one or two Punjab Regiments which actually mutiTnied, and even aggravated their mutiny by murder, after they had been disarmed; but it would not be in the least degree surprising if some deluded battalion of Sepoys should break out into maniacal violence in the very midst of the overpowering force which is now assembled. We can hardly, indeed, look upon the disturbances again announced from the vicinity of Belgaum without putting .some such construction on the occurrence. It is true that the Bombay Presidency, like the Government of the Punjab, has to a great extent denuded itself of its military resources for the sake of Bengal. Three separate coluwns, indeed, have penetrated Central India from the West, and the exploits of one of these divisions, under Brigadier STEUART, have been particularly brilliant. These generoUS exertions on the part of the Bombay authorities will explain the notifica- tion that troops are now wanted in the Presidency, anrd the temptation of opportunity has perhaps operated irresistibly on some of the illdisposed chiefs of the South Mahrattah cotmtry. We should be more inclined, however, to attribute these sporadic eruptions of mutiny to the workings of epidemic disorder. The whole Oriental mind has been exposed to the unwonted infection of apparently successful revolution, and the wonder is, in renality, that the disease took no greater hold. But the poison lurks in places still, and here and there betrays itself by outbreaks which are, perhaps, all but involuntary. It will be long, we fear, before the example which was set at Meerut and developed at Delhi wi cease to produce those wretched imitations which all great crimes seem to suggest. The instigators of the plot, Whoever they were, have done far more, as well as far les, than they intended. They have utterly failed in impairing our supremacy in India, but they have succeeded beyond their intent in unsettling the Sepoy mind. Fortunately, this diorganization Is no longer dangerous to any but the mutineers themselves. Revolts of this kind are still to be anticipated, but they will give little trouble to Govermments strengthened both by foresight and arms, and may, perhaps, even facilitate the introduction of a safer and more judicious policy.
The Earl of HABAowny has resigned the office of Privy Seal, and is to be succeeded by the Marquis of COANwcARDuE. The Earl retiree, we learn, on account of the atate of his health, -which requires him to abstain for a time frora business, and not on account of any political difference with the Government. The public will probably not be much interested in this Ministerial change. As the duties of the Lord Privy Seal are merely nomainal, Lord HA}BowInY of course performed them satisfactorily, and Lord CLANIOABDB will be equally successful. The office exiss, inadeed, only as a pretext for placing in the Cabinet without bur- densome duties some man whose position, character, or oratorical talents will give strength to the Ministry. An appointment to it is a question which concerns the Pxssinu and his colleagues alone, and if they think that one man will give them the requisite assistance the public has no right to suggest another. So by all means let us have Lord CX'xcAnDR again. Let us accept him with the calm placidity of men who ' know the vitality of a Whig. Is the noble Marq quis not one of the Inevitables, whose mission I it is to be ready year after year to give the country the benefit of their experience in cffice whenever called upon ° The public must not affect, it must not feel surprise, at the reappearance. It wil probably not be the last. As long as a pupil of the late Mr. CANNIG or a Whig of the Reform Bill walks the earth, we may expect his sudden apparition on the Ministerial benches of either House. In janty youth, in pompous and de-I clamatory manhood, in querulous and statistical old age, they will be always with us, until Eomewhere in the dayswhen our grandchildren are just about to ripen into politicians the last of the race, at a patriarchal age, will sink into the grave upon the rejection of his claims by the then Premier for a five-and-twentieth return to office. We can well understand that Lord HAr.nowny should leave a Cabinet to which he gave but little ssBistance. The late Privy Seal could not have been unacquainted with business, for he was always doing it, or supposed himself to be doing it. He was the head of more than one Commission; he was a leader in the religious world; he had represented for 16 years the first seaport inl the country; but, whether from want of capacity or want of method, he has never been able to carry out steadily anything that has been assigned to him. In the House of Lords he has been of no use to his colleagues, and though a Privy Seal, who has no special work of his own, might be expected to master the general affairs of the Cabinet, the Earl of H.&RnowRY has either failed in this easy duty, or has so effectually hidden his light under a bushel that the public have pretty well forgotten his existence. lNow, in the present session of Parliament the Ministry have undertaken to carry two of the heaviest measures -which have ever been brought before the country. There is to be a Reform Bill, which will meet with as many obstacles from the apathy of its friends as from the activity of its enemies; and there is the abolition of the double government in India, which must be accompanied with provisions and arrangements which will tax the time and attention of both Houses. The Cabinet at such a conjuncture cannot dispense with the Parliamentary services of a Privy Seal. The FoRIGN- SEcRRTARY, the SECRmTARY FOR WAP., and others are pretty well occupied with their own departments, and can hardly be expected to devote themselves to the complicated details of Indian admninistration or the boundaries of boroughs. As Lord HARROWBY, judging from previous experience, was not likely to render any assistance, it may well be conceived that the Government should be anxious to substitute for him somebody who can at least make a good speech or two in support of their India Bill. This Lord CANxicA:Rx can do fluently enough; his brother-in-law is GovzRwonGENERA, his father-in-law was going to be GovBRNon-GExERAL, and probably he himself has been thought of, or has thought of himself, in connexion with the post. These associations with our Indian Empire may, of course, be expected to give hia weight with the assembly he addresses So the appointment is very likely to be pronounced an extremely wise one in the higher official circles. The public, as we said before, is not likely to interfere in the matter. But certainly we should have thought that it was in the power of Lord PALMERSTON to strengthen his Cabinet by adding to it some name more hopeful than that of Lord CLIANIcAuDE. A generation has arisen which requires something more solid in intellect and character than is promised by the previous reputation of the accomplished Marquis.
When the Report of the Army Purchase Commission was published Sir DE LACY EvAs appeared to be the only dissentient; but it was afterwards lknown that a portion of the Commissoners differed from their colleagues on entirely opposite grounds. Mr. ELLIcE's great experience in public affairs and warm interest in military administration entitle his opinions to serious consideration; -while General Wvx'YARD and General BiNT'Cu probably represent the convictions which prevail in the higher ranks of the army. The immediate importance of the discussion is in some degree diminished by the certainty that no attempt will for the present be made to carry out the recommendations of the Commisrsion. The Duke of CAmBRIDGE has deprecated the responsibility of selecting commanding officers, and Lord PAm£Ruu has announced in the House of Lords, as well as in his evidence, his unqualified devotion to the existing system of purchase. In a question which leads to so much difference of opinion there is a strong presumption in favour of an experimental compromise. The purchase at an enormous expense of existing interests in commissions would posaibly deteriorate the character of the army by increasing the age of the officers. A Captain of 30, with or without money in his pocket, is preferable to a Captain of 40, and young regimental officers grow up into middle-aged Colonels and Major-Generals. Mr. ELLIcE and his colleagues prove, by a reference to the Indian Arny Lis.t, that promotion by seniority, even with the aid of surreptitious purchbase, leads to results which are not to be admired or imitated. The system which has accidentally grown up iu EDgland brings even non-purchasing officers forward at a comparatively early age. The opponents of the practice have injured their own cause, both by denying the advantages of purchase and by attacking it on untenable grounds. The true evil consists in an army of amateurs, who, although willing to fight at their own expense, are inclined to evade obscure and disagreeable duties. The military authorities must do their best by examination and by discipline to counteract the vicious tendencies of the system. The idlest Lieutenants might be induced to learn their business if they knew that proficiency was indispensable to the attainment of a further step. The body of junior officers furnishes a raw material which might be worked up into an efficient military machine. Any English gentleman will lead his men into action, and if he possesses the ordinary complement of faculties he may be safelytrusted at the head of a company. A far more serious responsibility is incurred in the selection of a commanding officer. The Colonel of a regiment on active service is at any moment liable to be thrown upon his own resources. Even in obeying superior orders he must exercise a large portion of that discretion which belongs to a General. At all times the moral tone of the officers and the character of the corps depend in a great measure on the immediate chief. The praises which are justly bestowed on the existing regimental system indicate the great importance of placing it in the most competent hands. The purchase system, in all cases apparently anomalOUs, becomes a startling paradox when it is applied to the right of leading 1,000 men through a campaign. The COwM'ANDFR-IN-CHIBF does injustice to his own firmness when he says that selection is ii, possible. Bishops anid Judges, QuEry'S CQiamel, and Post Captains are appointed by the proper authorities without regard to seniority. The high functionary who feels himself unable to thrust one Lieutenant-Colonel over the head of another wilt the next day exercise a conscientious discrimi'nation between the reapective claims of the same individuals to command a brigade or to take charge of a district. It is perfectly truo that, as the dissentiemt Commissioners remark, " a regiment " is a permanent body depending for its exceUlence " on the general fellowship of a permanent " et of officeis ;" but descriptions of this kind are necessarily more or less rhetorical, and they afford no solid ground for practical conclusions. There seems no reason why a permanent set of officers should not maintain their mutual relations under a eommanding officer appointed from without. The Indian Army furnishes an example of the same regimental organization, although promotion to the Coloneloy has invariably been open to the whole service. In this point of vieor it is wholly immaterial whether the machinery by which strangers are introduced is that of seniority or of purchase. All parties agree that at some step in the gradation of rank purchase becomes wholly inapplicable. There seems to be no reason in the nature of things for the suspension of the claims of merit till the moment at which a Colonel becomes a MajorGeneral. Abstract reasoning always breaks down in questions of degree. A man may care little which of two horses he selects for a ride in the Park. The choice is less easy when tbere is a prospect of a fast run over a heavy country. In any case the best will be carefully picked out to be entered for a match. The IReport of the Commission recognizes the importance of providing fit commanding officers. The minority consider that rejection of incompetent candidates would furnish a sufficient security; but it is easier to refuse a distinction than to inflict a disgrace. A steady and competent MIajor may have no legitimate claim to the command of his regiment, but if his pretensions were primmd fade well founded there would be great apparent harshness in putting a stop to his promotion. Mr. Th.CRc says that the exercise of the veto will be facilitated by the option of retireraent by sale, which would be reserved to an officer who might be passed over. The same advantage would be obtained by the adoption of the plan suggested in the Report. A fajor who thought himself aggrieved by the introduction over his head of a LieutenanStColonel from another regiment would have the remedy of seling his commisson. In other cases he would Persevere, in the hope of succeeding in his turn to some foreign vacancy. The number of regimental oommands would under any system be the amne, and the succession would be accelerated if the proposed limitation of tenure were adopted by the *suthorities. All the members of the Commission, with the exception of Sir DE LAcy EvAws, reject the argumentca against purchase which Mr. EUI.c and his colleagues recapitulate with much ironical contempt. It was hadly worth while to point out that the commonplace objections to the system would not be met by a change in the mode of appointing lieutenant-Colonels. It is difficult to understand the ssertion that, "It would appear more reasonable, "with a view to arrest these evils, to begin with "the abolition of purchase for the first instead of "the last step in regimental promotion." The prohibition of purchase among juniors would necessarily destroy the whole system, while the proposed change merely extends the actual practice of selection one step downwards. Officers are willing to buy commissions, which eventually make them eligible for the rank of General, and they will probably still pay for the right of becoming potential Colonels. One inducement will undoubtedly be withdrawn when they can no longer insure their auccession to the command of the regiment; but the practice of purchasing, however beneficial, is not entitled to absolute exemption from any change which may impair its efficiency. In the Line, in the Ordnance services, in the Indian Army, and in the Navy, almoet every other combination of seniority, of selection, and of purchase, has already been tried. The experiment of purchase in the lower ranks, and of selection when merit becomes indispensable, is apparently reasonable and safe. It is posaible that there will still be blundering, jobbery, and partiality; but the judgment of the Coxsa.-mn-n;CEFIEF can scarcely err more widely than the accident of purchase. None of the Commissioners appear to have been influenced by the arguments of those witnesses who maintained with so much ingenuity the paradox that the abolition of purchase would diminish the public expenditure. Even the partial change of Nystem recommended in the Report would involve a considerable outlay for compensation; but, if the War-office and the Wlorse Guards approved the scheme, there can be no doubt that Parliament would provide the necessary funds. The friends and enemies of the actual practice would do well to try tbe experiment on a limited scale. The theory of purchase may be sound, but it will never be popular, and in some future period of excitement it may be summarily swept away. Some modification would render the maintenance of the praotice less obnoxious, while it would diminish the inconvenience and expense of any eventual change of system.
Some departments take a good deal too free an advantage of the supposed total ignorance of the public with respect to their peculiar subject-it entire incapacity for forming any judgment whatever upon it. They shroud themselves within an impenetrable veil of professional knowledge, and have one answer for every'body who makefs any remark-" You know nothingabout the matter;you "are only one of the public, and the public knows "nothing about this department." The Admiralty has made large use of this knockdown argument. No one single public department has better known its advantage in this respect, or more constantly put down criticism by the approved oracular method. There is nothing, indeed, liLke professional infalllbility, nothing like the convenience of having an esoteric, inaccessible retreat, which is all light within and all darkness to the world without. Yet the public is not so very igaorant as these great authorities would fondly imagine. It is impossible to say how ignorant we might become supposing the whole naval profession entered into a compact and unanimous conspiracy to deceive us; if all the navies in the world-English, French, American, Rlussian-would agree to make exactly the same kind of ships at the same time; if all naval authorities would agree to endorse each other's plans, and say " Yea" and i No" together; and if the professiou became a self-supporting phalanx, devoted, like an Egyptian priesthood, to a darkening policy-to keeping the world In ignorance In the first place, and then taking advautage of its ignorance to set it down. There is no knowing how conveniently ignorant we might become under such a treatment, but luckily there is such a thing as honourable " Kiing's evidence" in the naval profession. The natal world does not conspire to keep us in the dark; naval men criticize each otherps plans; naval men themselves often appeal to the judgment of the public, instructed by tbese explanations. The public benefits by these confessions, disclosures, and comparions, and attains something of the knowledgo and the po5itioa of «a umpire. It can, at ay rate, turn the balanac when doctors disagree. Here, among the annual Report& isued by the United States' Government, is a Report on Naval Gunnery from Captain DA.HLGu, of the American Wavy. Captain DAJLGRFx visits the Arenal at Woolwich, and makes some remarks on the newr preparations for the fabrication of iron ordnance. It appears that these preparations are being made on a very large, complete, and most elaborate and expensive scale. " It would be difficult for "me to convey by description an adequate idea of " the quantity and excellence of the machinery "that I saw being put up in the new and "spacious buildings. Whatever the ingenuity of "the day could suggest to make perfect seemed " embodie:l there." The machinery, as such, then, has Captain DAsoGRMN'S highest approval, but what is to be the fruit or result of it aU ? On that point the American naval critic does not speak at all so decidedly. Iron ordnance has been hitherto furnished by private establiushments, but the deficient endurance said to have been exhibited by English cannon in the Runian War has led to this Government undertaking. The object is a good one, to supersede the frauds in mateiial and workmanship connected with the contract sytem, and farnish an improved iron ordnance; but, says Captain DAHLREN, "In countries like the United "States and England, where individual enterprise "has such immense development, it is hardly to "'be advised that the Government should volun" tarily separate itself therefrom. It may by so "doing be better able to guard against " the injurious influences of the contract "system, but the certain consequence of "routine in men and measures will more surely, "though less openly, produce greater evils. Let "the private operations be supervised -with as "much care as those of the Government, and there "will be no reason to be disatisfied with the "results. A small experimental department "would be highly beneficial, where obscure and "difficult investigations should be scieatifically "uonducted; but to go further would be to incur "the danger of routine-that bane of improve"ment, which of itself would be ruinous to the best "conducted private enterprises in the world." There appears to us to be something in this crliticism. There has been, we have no doubt, a great deal of bad work in our ordnance, as, indeed, the exposures of the Russian War showed; but what is the natural remedy for this? is it Government fabrication, or is it adequate Government supervision V Captain DARxREN says the latter, aud he brings forward a fact to the purpose. "The fragments, " he says, "of "the mortars which had burt so readily at "Sweaborg were lying about, but the fractured "surfaces had been too long exposed to the weather "to permit one to estimate tne quality of the iron ; "however, I saw some samples afterwards taken "for examination, and am onbly surpried t7we "the pieces were ever allowied to go into service." Here was a fault, a patent fault, a fault wbhich was open to detection in the first instance, and did not require an ultimate result to expose it,-a bad quality of iron, which yet was not detected, but allowed to pas. This was defect of supervision. It would seem, then, that adequate supervision is the test of sound work; that with this in operation private establishments could not deceive us, and that without it Government fabrication is no scurity. But, without pretending to judge between our own naval authorities and their American critic, we must be allowed to remark that if Captain DAmwREN is right here, and if all this new department for the fabrication of iro ordnance, with " the quantity and excellence of its machinery," and " whatever the ingenuity of the day can " suggest,"-if this experiment, set going, doubtles, at an enormous cost, ends in nothing, and gives us no better ordnance than we had before, it will be of a piece with a good many experiments which the Admiralty have tried. The Admiralty spares no expense in its experiments and new undertakirngs; it is absolutely reckloss on this head; but, unfortunately, in too many CaseJ when all the money has been spent, either the new plan has turned out an entira mistake, or it has jusit been adopted by the Admiralty at the precise time when it has been superseded by better plans ; or in some way or other the experiment has been made for nothing, and the whole outlay connected with it has been a waste. The Admiralty refused for a long time to innovate at all, and we went on building sailing ships long after the whole world had adopted steam as the proper motive power. We then went on for a long time building paddle steamers, in spite of the known fact that paddles put the ship at the mercy of a single shot, and, moreover, leave no room for guns; and it was only when the sea was covered with screw steamers that we at last adopted the screw. Then the Admiralty built iron Bhips literally by the dozen, till the very simple experiment of the effect of a shot nlpon iron proved that they were wholly useless for war. Then the Admiralty built three-deckers till the Baltic campaign showeed that these very fine sbips required the open sea for their movements, and could not near a shore; and gunboat-biuilding hadjust begun with frantic speed when peace was proclaimed. Here is a succession, then, of shipbuilding operations, all of which have turned ont complete failures, either because they were continued too long or were begun too 1te,-were begun when new inventions had superseded them, or were begun and carried on without trial, so that when a very simple trial came they completely broke down. Here are sailing ships built when steamers had come in, paddle-steamers built wrhen screws had come in, iron ships built by the dozen till one trial proved them a complete mistake, then three-deckera built till war proved them useless, and then gunboats finished just as peace was proclaimed. Every one of these newr undertakings was attended with enormous outlay, and every one, for one reason or another, proved a failure. The Admiralty scale of experimentizing is, indeed, Brobdignagian,-it is enormous, colossal, and Titanic. The Admiralty has no idea of ma-ing an experiment except with a whole fleet. An ordinary person would say, make an experiment with one ship-one ship will test it as well as a dozen. But the Admiralty must have a dozen ships to try the experiment with. The Board has princely ideas on the subject, and dislikes meau exhibitions. It conducts a naval experiment as if it were a tournament, grandly, majestically, and splendidly, on a principle of lofty display and ceremonial. We have heard of a powerful monarch who staked provinces at play. A whole paddle fleet, or a whole iron fleet, or a whole fleet of three-deckers, was but a counter to the Admiralty. The nation, howrever, pays largely for this magnificence, and perhaps has a right to expect that fleets should not be built in this way siraply for the purpose of experimentizing. It had a right to expect that 17,000,0001. a-year should produce a greater and more solid result than a succession of new designs of ships, each of [which is found useless as soon as it is tried. Even now, at this moment, we are threatened with I a new American frigate which will antiquate our last and best screw steam two-dcckers, and our Admiralty is accordingly setting to work copying tho new frigate. The new frigate is a match realT for a 91 two-decker, swhile it would have th xzb ke of being niominally thr4 zmak,~
TE INDIA MAILS. _- The following telegram, dated the 27th of Deceoier, 1 am., was received at the Foreign-office at 46.40 a.m. yesterday from Lord Lyona at MIalta:_ "The Vectis has brought the Calcutta mail of 'the 24th of November, fully confirming the relief 4Df Lucknow, but nothing more. "Lord LYONS."
AIMILITABY AND NA VAL INTBLLIGpNCB. The new battalions being raised at Winheheter, to be -attached to the 60th Rifles and the Rifle Brigade as 4th battalions, are progressing rapidly in numerioal strength, 'each being now nearly 500 strong, notwithstanding that they have given above 300 mon to the service companmes of the 60th, and the 2d and 3d battalions of the Rifle Brigade on service in India. The Alban, 3, steamvesel, Lieutenant the Hon. W. B. De Blaqulere, arrived on Saturday at Portsmouth from the iE3st ward. The Diadem, 32, screw steamfrigate, Captain W. Moor-som, has taken in powder aad shell, and will sail next week lor a short oruise. She is still a few hands short. The Arrogant, 46, screw stam frigate, is almost out of ,the shipwrlght's hands and will be taken ozt of dock the -early part of next month. On Saturday another order wes received at Chatham 'Garrison, again countermanding the order for the embaro 'ation on that day of the reinforcemaents of the 18th Royal Irish. 51st Light Infantry, 72d Highlanders, 83d, 86th, and *98th Regiments for India, the instractions now received by the commanding officers of the 2d and 3d battalions being that the detachments are to embark at Gravesend this day. In consequence of the illness of Captain G. H. Adams, 86th 3Uegiment, Captain S. Boyd, of that corps, is ordered to .embark on board the Salamana in command of the rein. *forcements. The paddlewheel steamsloop Geyser, 6, Commander B Tower, from the Cape station, last from Portsmonthe arrived on Saturday at Plymouth, where she is to be paid -off. The pilot of the troopship Stuart Wortley, Captain *Dobeon, belonging to Sir George E. Hodgkinson and Co., of zLondon, lauded at Plymouth on Saturday. This ship left ,the Thames about 10 days since with Artillerymen for the :East Indies, and has experienced very heavy weather. The *xecext change of wind enabled her to clear the ChanneL
COURT OrBCULAR. WINDSOR, SiTuRDcAy. Her Majesty's dinner-party yesterday included their 'Royal Highnesaes the Duchess of Kent, thv Prince of Wales, and the Princess RoyAl, his Serene Highness the 'rince of Lelningen, LAdyAnna MAria Dawson, Lady Caro. line Barrington, Lady Augusta Bruce, the Hon. Mrm Grey, the Hon. Colonel and Mrs. Phippe, the Dean of Windsor mand the Hon. Mdrs. WeUleley, the Hon. Mrs. Blddulph, Sir -George Couper, and Mr. Glover. The following had the honour of being invited after :3inner:-T1e Rev. Lord and Lady Wrlothesley Russell, Mis3s Rusell, Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. J. Strange Jocelyn, Scots Fasileer Guards, Lady and Misa Couper, Mr. and Mrs. J. Couper, Lieutenant Cowell, Royal En.ZneerM, Mizs Eliza Seymour, and Miss Harriet Phipps. The Qaeen, with the Prinoess Royal, walked and drove this morning, and visited Her Royal Highness the Duchess -of Kent at Progmore. His Rloyal Highness the Prinoe Consort weDt out zhooting. The Duke of Aumale, the Count of Paris, and the Dlake of Chartres, arrived early and accompaniedHisRoyal HIighness. They left Windsor agaln in the afternoon af;er vlsiting Her Majesty. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred went shooting in the Home Park. Princems Alice took a carriage drive. The Princees of Salerno, the Duchess of Orleans, the Dluchess of Aumale, and the Prince and Prlncecs of JoinVille visled Her Majesty to-a". His Serene Highness the Prince of Leiningen left the (Castle to-day for Frogmore, on a,visit to her Royal High. ness the Duchsss of Kent. SUNDAY. The Queen and Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, and Prince Alfred attended Divine service 4o.day in the private chapel of the Castle.
MBI?STRLL CHANors.-Lord Harrowby has resigned the office of Privy Seal, not from any poetical differeneo with his coUeagues, but solely onx account of the atate of his health, which renders it necessary for him to abgtain for some time from all business. Hle is to be succeeeded by Lord (Clanricarde. SuIPPLNG DISASTERS 2ON THSE EASTERN COST.- Several casualties inore or less serious occnured last week among the skipping on the eastern coast. The Elm Grove, fronx Sunderland tor Swansea, has put into Grea: Yat. mouth with loss of bowsprit, &-o., having been in collislon with the Merry Lasq, of Shiolds. The schooner Seafiower from Workwortbh for Boulogne, was run into by the Nortth Star, of Whitstable, and sustained considerable damage. The wreck of the Rapid steamer on thb Cross Sands off Great Yarnnouth has been inspected by divers, and it is possible that with favourable weather a good deal of the cargo may be saved. The sloop Wlliam Clowes ;was run into off Shtelds by the Briton steamtng, and was so much injured that her crew abandoned her; she was after. wvards brought into harbour, however.iflJie Jnffer Eligonda, Brons m aster, from Newcastle for itotterdam, was5 drven on shore at Newbiggen, near Shields, and becamne a wFreck; erew sa^ved. CLFUTON SuSPENSION Bin)GE.-The scheme for conmpleting this structure has been abandoned for the pre. sent session. Some negotiations which took place between the provisional directora and the legal representatives of Mr. J. H. Greville Smyth, of Ashton Court having proved abortive, sufficient time was not left for obtanngthe aumount required to be dewsited in compliAnce ith the iParliamentary standing orders, and the project has therefore been of necessity deferred for another year. THn TRuRNwYSSEN BANK15RUPTCY.-It may be re3nembered that some months ago M. Charles Thurneyreen, banker, fled from Paris, leaving liabilities which, after deducting his assets, amounted to about lG,000,OOOf., and -that he was declared bankrupt. Prooeedings were subsequently taken before the Tribunal of Commerce to have his uncle, M. Auguste Thurneyssen, the well-known banker, who is a director of the Cr&dit Mobilier and of the Western I,ailway, and his cousin, ,. Georges Thurney;ssen (son of HL Auguste), who is possessed of consilderable property, declared his partners, and as such responsible for the payment of his debts. AL Auguste Thurneyssen opposed these proceedings on the ground that, though he had been the partner of Charles, he had ceased to be so, not only before -tbe bankruptcy, but before the acts whihh led to it, and that he ouly stood to him In the position of a commianditaire. The tribual, after examining into aU the circumstances, came to the conclusion that the Martnership which hid existed between them bhd never een liquiuated, and had to publio appearance always con. tinued; that a deed of the 22d of February, 1852, on which be relied to prove that the p&rtnership had been put an end to was null and void, inasmuch as it had never been pub. lished in couformity with the law; and that not only had be participated in the acts of the bankrupt. but in 1S51 when he admitted he was a partner, a deficit of severa millions existed. Th. tribunal, therefore, declared him a partner of Charles Thurneyssen, and ordered that be should he inoluded in his bankruptcy. As to M. Georges Thurneyssen, the tribunal ecided that, from what he had had to do in t'e affairs of Charles, he could only be considered his clerk, and that therefore he could not .be coompr6eed in the bankruptoy. M. Auguste Thurreyssen immediately gave notioe of his Intention to appeal to the Imperial Ceourt against the judgment so far as It concerned hisllelf, and the ryndio of the bankruptcy of Charles Thurneyssen notified that ho should appeal against that part of it which concerned AL Georges Thurnevasen. The case came on for hearing before the Court the day before yesterday. The counsel for Hi. Anguste Thurneyssen, after stating his client's high standing in the commnerclal world, and mentioning as a proof of It, that when he, in con sequence of reports which were spread about him after the flight of his nephew, had offered to resign bis poets of director of the Credit Mobilier sad of the Western WRailway, the other directora of the two comupanies had in the most flattering terms refused to accept his resignation, proceeded to reproduce the arT4ments against his being comprised in the bankruptcy of his nephew which had been urged before the Tribunal of Coinmnerce. These arguments were to the effitb that having in 1S4's gone to St. Petersburg, where he had become a Vpartner in the benk of Stleglitz and Co., he bad left the management of his bank at Paris to his nephew Charles, who had been his partner since 1836; that in February, 1852, he and Charles exeouted a deed, by which they deladred that their partnership should be liquidated, and that the bank should be carried on in the names of Charles, but that he (Auguate) should have capital in it, and shoJld receive 50 per cent, of the profits; thst the Hlquidation must be considered sa having been, In execution of the deed r ceeded to, since Charles Thurneysen had acknowvl'ed himself debtor to his uncle to the amount of 1,677,257 f,; that the publication of the said deed waa not necessar ia lAw, inasmtuch as the partnership. having been formed for a limited time, and not having been renewed, necesarly ceased at the expiration of that time; and lastly, that, as comancnlitaire, X. , Auguste Thurneyssen could not be held responsible for the ats of Charles, with wbich he had not meddled. The trbanal postponed the pleading oa the part of the syndic to Monday.
THTE MOONJSHEE -AMBER ALT. The appointmient of this gentleman to an office under Government during the rebellion hau been so freely commented upon by the Anglo-Indian press, and, indeed, in almost every letter from Indis, that, on the ground of audi alteram partem, we publish the following letter from the Commissioner of Revenue for the Division of Patna to the Secretary to the Government of Bengal, Calcutta:- " Patna, dated Oct. 6. "Sir,-The period for which Moonshee A meer All ten. dered his services to Government having nearly expired, he has expressed a wish to be allowed to return to Calcutta, and I have accordingly permitted him to do so. He will leave this In the course of a few days. " 2. There have been Bo much misconception and misrepresentation with regard to the appointment of Moonthee AmeerAli that I am induced to take this opportunity of placing the facts upon record, and at the saine time of submitting a few observations on tho tone assumed by the public press towards the Mahornedan community In con. nexion with this appointment. "3. Moonshee Ameer All is a man whose interests are bound up with those of the British Government, and whose native shrewdness and knowledge of our resources showed him clearly from the commencement what the ultimate result of the presert revolt was certain to be. Ile is one of the leading pleaders of the Sudder Court, where be is ema. ployed in nearly every Behar case. His professional income is popolr.sly estimated atfrom 3,000 to 4,00rupees a-month. If the present rebe!d.ion had succeeded his professional practiee would have been at an end, *nd his estates would have reverted, as haE been generally the case in the disturbed districts, to the anoient prietors. Had any guarantee for his loyaty been necessary, the Government, therefore, could have desired none better than those -which were furnished by his own circumstances and position. " 4. From the tirst, however, Moonshee Ameer AUl, whose father had been Lord Sahibs moonshee, and who himself had been for man,y years a Government servant, attached himself warmly to the cause of the British Government. He exerted himself to induce the Mahomedans of Calcatta to express their loyalty to the British Government, and he kept the Government regularly Informed of the state of feel g among the native community both in Calcutta and Behar. " 6. On the 5th of August I was Informed that my servioes were required in my present appointment, and that I mzrst be prepared to start by the 7th. On the 6th Moon,nee Ameer Ali and other pleaders of the Sadder Court called to bid me good bye, and the Moonshee, after mentioning that he had written to his friends and clients in Behar, urgin" them to Etand by the Government and to afford me their support, added that if I thought his personal services could be of any us he would willingly make arrangements for the conduot of his business with his brother pleaders, and accompany me to Patna. At this time, It will be recollected, affairs in Behar wore a very gloomy aspect. Major Eyre's victory was not known, and It was believed that, in consequence of Kooer Sing's rebellton and Mfr. Tayler's order for the withdrawal of the civilians from the out-stations, I should find the entire station of Behar more or less in a state of anarchy. The troops available for the restoration of order wero few in nuimbor, and the task of keeping the great zemindars true to their allegiance and preserving the pence of the eountry through their agency was clearly Ifkely to be one of no common difficulty. " 6. This being the state of affairs, it occurend to me that ashrewd, inteuligentmanlikeMoonsheeAmeerAiU, intimately acquainted with the private history of every family in Behar, and able to point out the secret springs which were likely to influence them, might be of groat service, and I therefore told him that I thought, if he was serious in his offer, and would report It to the Lieutenant-Governor, it would be cordially accepted. He accordingly waitedupon the Lieutenant-Governor, who took a similar view of the case to myself, and Moonshee Ameer Ali was appointed special assistant to the commissioner on a salary of 700 lupees a-month, it being understood that this appointmennt should cease at theconclusion ol the Dusserah holyday. It was absolutely necessary tbat he should be accredited by the bestowal of an aprointment, because it was my intention to eunploy him prine pally in communicating with the principal zenindars in the dividon; but I need hardly observe that the appointment he received bestowed on him no power whatever, and only that degree of influenee which it was nreeseay he should possess to be of any use in furthering the objects of my mission. " 7, On my arrival at Patna I found that Major Ryre's lctoriee at Arrah and the Jugderspore, and the speedy return of the civilians to their stations, coupled with the exem lary behaviour of the pepl in the districts of Chuprah an Jirhoot, had preserved the provinoe from any serious disorder, and that there was not that occasion for Ameer AIs services in the interior of the division vhich I had anticipated. His as6sitance, however, waM most useful to me during the Mohurtmun. By mv desire he assembled the inhabitant, of the different Muhuhulahs in rotation, and explalned to them, awcording to a programme I had prevlously given him, the precise position of affairs, and the power and resources of the British Government; answerlni all their questions, satisfying all their doubts, and conirm. ing their confidence in the stability of the British rule. lie explained to them at the same time the rules I had laid down for their guidance during the Mohurram, and the necessity of carefully avoiding every demonstration which might lead to a breach of the peace. He attended at the Jurgah on the great day of the Mohurum, and superlntended all the pollce arrangements at that spot in person; and It was undoubtedly owing in a great ineasure to his exertions that the Mohurrum, wbich had been looked forward to with dread by so many persons, passed off more quietly thaa it had ever been known before in the city of Patna, and this without any coercion of the people, or any display of miltary force. "S. Since that period Moonshee Ameer Ali has been occutiedin oonducting the extensive correspondence wbich I ave had with native zemindars and others on affairs connected with the disturbed state of the country; and in atuiring information for me on the state of feeling among 'te natives in all part of my jurisdiction. In al this his zeal, taot, and intelligenoe have been conspicuous; and I should be most unjust if I did not acknowledge in the fullest manner the assistanoeewhich I have dcrived from him in this department of my duties. " 9. Thoreturn whlohhohasrecelvedfrom the pressofthis country for volunteerlug his services at a critical moment in aid of the British Government, at great personal inconvenience to himself, has been a most ungracious one, and is ill caloulated to induce other natives to make a similar display of their loyalty. He has been the object of ceaseless vituperation. The most treacherous motives have been imputed to him, and [ho has been, in fact, the bate noire of the '10. Tha only tangible scousation I have seen made against bim, however, was that he had Induced me to re. move the restriotions which Mr. Tayler had imposed on the inhabitants of the city of 'atna, and to release the political prisoners whom Mr. Tayler had arrested. Both these accusations are, as the Lieutenant-Governor is aware, wholly unfounded. The restrictive and coercive measures adopted by Mr. Tayler had been abandoned by Mr. Farquharson before my arrival, from a conviction of their impolicy and inutilit. Najjeemodeen the Bettiah Rajah's Dewan, was relewse by me before Roonshee Ameer All joined me, at the urgent request of Ar. Tayler, upon ascertaining that there was no charge against him beyond one of delay in the delivery of a mess&ge. " The Wahabcec were released beoause there was llterally nothing against them. Mr. Tayler himself informed me that their arrest wasmerely precautionary, and that he had Intended to release them after the Mohurrum, and so on with the other les noted prisoners, the reasons for whose i elease have already been fully reported to you. In none of these cases had Moonshee Aimeer Ali any concern whatsoever witb the -elease of the prisoners. U 11. The main ground of attack against 'him was, however, that he was a Mabomedan, and 1 confess I think, had his appointment served no other purpose, that it would have been of the greatest utility in proving practically to the natives that the Government did not sympathize with the violent tone which the press assumed towards the Muwwulman community, and bad no intention of acting upon its suggestlons. The whole of the Calcutta press, apparently without exception, have taken up the idea that this is a Mahomedan rebellion, not merely in the seose that tke Sepoys were worked upon by Individual Mahomedans, which may or may not be true, but that the entire Mahomedan community is disaffected, and merely waits its opportunity to rise and throwr off the British yoke. I need not point out how destitute of foundation this notion is, bow entirely unrestrained many millions of Mdahomedans in Bengal have been during the last four months, except by their own feelings of loyalty, and how qniet the Mahomedan villages of Southern Behar bave generally remained while the IRajpoot and Brahmin villages were rising round them. In this neighbourhood, in p-ticolar, as the Lieutenant-Governor is aware, the MaMomedans have been foremost in acts of devotion to the State. When a few fanatics, princpally Oude men, attempt to excite an emeute in the town of Patna, proclaimed a johad, or holy war, and carried before them a banner inscribed with a verse of the Koran, not above 20 or .30 persons of the enormous Mahomedan popula. tion of this town showed the least sympathy with them. A Mahomedan Darogah was the first to attack them, and lost his life in a gallant attempt to arrest them, with the aid of his Burkundayes alone. Nnmerous other acts of devo. non on the part of Mahomedans might, as you are aware, be cited. But the press could see no virtne in the aot of a Mahomedan, and it was seriouely contended, in issue after issue of the differont papers, that the entire race should be prosribed; that Do employments of trust sbould be giveu to them; and that we should treat them, in fact, as our natural enemies, people on whom our heels should be oonstantly pressed, " 12. I oonfess it appears to me that articles of this description are nuch more likely to endauger the stability of the Government than any amount of abuse, whether of the persons or the measures of the members of the Government. Theybave a direct tendency to excite disaffection among lae masses of the population, and to convert what Is now a military revolt into a national rebellion. I cannot conceive a more sure method of inciting the whole Maahomedan population of the empire to rise than to persuade them that the English Government is determlned for the fture to treat them as disaffected subjects, and to exclude them from every honourable office. " 13. Many people endeavour to persuade themselves that the nativesare not aware of the contents of 'be English papers, and that, as far as they are concerued, it Is immaterial what appears in these publications; but this is a very great mistake. The English papers have for mauy years past formte the source to wbich the nativo newswriters and the nat*e papers looked for their intelligence of our movements "A intentions. Since this revolt commenced the greatesh anxiety has been manifested to learn what the EngligiF papers say ; and every one fortunate enough to get hold oP an English paper in called upon to translate it for the edifibation of large circlas of listeners, -who again retail the ravow anzd comtnents of the journals In their villages. rt cnse,to my notice awidentally the otber day that the 24ujeebs of llozaf;7rpore were in the habit of having 3ungish papers tzslateA; and there can be no doubt thm4whatAver ar-peacmin the Eglish papers which can in., sq wat 3evQ ,gurpoea of t disalleotla ispeedt made known to thom by thelr agents In Calcutta and else. where. To suppose that it can be otherwlse Is to give our enemiea oredit for a degree of wilful blindness and neRUgence which forms no part of their character. Their intelligenes depatment has always been remarkably good, and they certainly would not neglect the most simple and obious means of asc0rtaining our views and intentiont 14. At all the sations whlch I p&ssedon my Way Up the river I understood that the violent tone whic the papers bad assumed towards the Mahomedan community had excited alarm and anxiety among thexs, and that they were in dread lest the Government should issue an edict of proScription such as the Caloutta papers advocated The appoint. ment of Moonshee Aneer ARl, and the honounr liberally bestowed since on other Mahomnedans who have shown their devotion to theState,bhave done much to satisfy the peoplsthat the Government are not likely to be led by popular caour into the commission of suoh an act of folly and lqjnstIc4. But it is not unfairly argued that under thepresent licensing system, when the Government allows writings of this kina -which are mnanifestly in violation of the conditions of the license-to continuae unchecked, it must be supposed to view them without displeasure; and I do think that great care ought to be taken to dispe this idea, and that the papers ought to be perem ptorisy prohibited from in. dulgng in a style and tone of writiag calulated to excite disaffection in any large class or section of the native community. " 15. I commend Mloonshee Ameer All to the notioe of the Lleutenant-Governor as a native gentleman who volunteered his services at a perlod of critical maoment In aid of the British Goverzment, and who has performed such service as I have thought proper to allot to him with zeal, intelligence, and fidelity. " I bave, &c., " A. SAMUELS, Commissioner of Revenue."
INZQUALITZBs OF THr LON?DON POOPRATE. TO THE; EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The information contained in 27v, lines to-day respecting the Christmas dinners of the workhouse poor Is at the s"me time gratifying and lnstructlve-gratifying as exhiblting the kdndnees and consideration of the charitable at this joyous son towards 25,000 of their poorer brethren, and instructive as showing the fearful inequalities of the burdes plaed on the rich and the poor unions of the metropolis in the shape of poor-rates. With your kind permission, I would contrast a few of the most striking statements set forth In your report; for example, Paddington, with three of the East-end unions of an equal aggregate value- Indor Outdoort Totl. Property Poor Poer. value, rate Paddlnon ..28a.. 552 SO . 5 3763 118 St George's t1,205 .. 2,161 3.6 185.00 . 251691 Whltchapwl . .,044 ..2,311 . 3,386 .. 928,887 .. 29,43 Bethial-gteen 1,110 dr. 2,300 . 3,410 . 1228,27 20,461 Totals . 3,389 6,772 10,131 537,914 785690 In this contrast there are three unions at the East-end of London placed side by side with one at the West-end. In the Lformer we find 10,131 persons supported by the poorrates, and in the latter only 840 persons. The value of the property paying rates Is nearly as possible the same, yet the one has to support 12 times as many poor as the other; the one coutains 1-9 of the metropolitan pauperism, and the other 1.110. In the one case abundance has scarcely anyrate to pay, and ini the other poverty hs scarcely anythiDg to pay the rate with. It is clear that this i3 very unflar to the rate-paying classe. But it will be seen from the foregoing statement that Paddington exuends 11,8231 per annum on its 840 poor, while the other three unions keep their 10,131 poor on 7,5601. In other words it takes as much to keep seven persons in Paddington as It does to support 12 persons at the East-end. It is highly probable that the Paddington poor are not over-fed, bat what must be the condition of those whosoe lot It Is to be settled In the East-end Unions ? No wonder that the following return is found in the RegistrarGeneral's abstract for 1855, not long ainoe published:- DEA S is LoNnoN. Males. Females. TotaL Prvation . . . 25 . 13 . 38 Want of baeat-mlk 213 I. 80 393 Co d.. 39 17 5 2T7 210 487 Four hundred and eighty-seven deaths in one year from want of food, and that not only in enlightened Christian England, but in her proud metropolis, the annual rentroll of which is upwards of 14,000,0001 ! Another contrast to corroborate the foregoing- indeor Outdoor. TotaL Value. Poor. Poot. rate. St, George', Han- £. over-squara - 282 clr. .0 762 .107,580 21,315 St George's East, Whitechapel, and Bethnal-green .. ,95 3 6.677 10,131 57,914 7s,560 9t. George South- wark . -. 734 .9,541 . 5275 174,956 17,213 Bermoodsey 636 .. 001. 1,637 125,09 - 17,635 bhoreditch 1.060. ,83 424,3 231,450 . ss 7U Totals 555 23.497 1926 . 1,17269 14,623 Thes fgures are even more strikdng than the others. They show that six of the poorest unions, very little exceeding the value of S:. George's, Hanover-square, support 19,286 poor persons, or one-fifth of the metropolitan pau. perism, while the latter union only supports about 752. The poor unions support 25 for one supported by the rioh unlon, suppoing your return to be correct; at any rate, they pay seveu times as much in poor-rates, and possibly starve 25 poor persons on the same amount as seven cost at the West. The injnstice of charging one-fifth of the poor-rates on 1-12th of the property Is an Injury to the rtepaying clbsse; and the doling out the same amount to 25 poor persons in the East-end which is expended on seven at the West-end is a grows injustice to the poor. lt is to be hoped that the eyes of the public will, through your influential columns, be opened to this glaring anomaly, and that ore another winter presses upon our exhausted resources the Legilature will have stepped In to afford a remedy. Charity may do much to relieve the burdened districts, but that, ala I falls only on the willing; the selfish and the covetous give nothing for the relief of the poor, and it is not fair that the few who are an honour to the Christian profession, whose ear is ever open to the cry of the needy, siould bear the whole of the burden. The unemployed weavers of Spitalfields and Bethnal-green, the watchmakers of Clerkenwell, and the coalwhippers of St. George's East are asking for bread,sball we give them a stone? Their neighbours cannot help them, and they who can know nothing of their distress, or care nothing for it. Christmas, the household word of Englishmen, has opened the hearts of some to provide a fitting dinner for the inmates of our workhouses, but how have those fared who have, by dint of patience and selfdenial, hitherto kept themselves outside the union walls? Iam. Sir. AN BAST-END INCUMBENT,
TRY, ROYAL MAIRRIAGE.-The alterations at the Chapel Royal in anticipation of the august ceremony of the 25th of January are nearly comploted. One of the most effectlye is the enlargement of the window over the altar, wbich lwll not only render the mariasge ceremoay much more distinct and effective to the epectators, but will also display to greater advantage the details of the curlous ceiling of the chapel, which is Tery deeply panelled and en. riched with armorial bearings, heraldic devices, and escocheons of arms of a very ancient and interesting character. It may not be generally known that this Chapel Royal of St. James's is the most ancient Protestant chapel In the three kingdoms. It was established by Henry VIII., aftr he built the palace and enclosed the park, and Protes. tant vorship has continued in uninterrupted succession since the reign of that monarcb. The altar looks to the north. Arrargements are in contemplation to render some of the state rooms in St. James's Palace available for the more faNoured visitors to view the Royal marriage processions passing to the chapel. There will be three distinct processions before tho ceremony,-viz., that of the Queen as Sovereign, that of the bride, and that of the Royal bridegroom. After the ceremony the Prince aud Princess will proceed to Buinokigham Palace, azd, having exchanged their bridal habiliments for travelling costumes, will leave town for Windsor Castle. The Queen and Prince Consort and aU the Royal family will return to town on Saturday. the 16th of January. 'Tbe nuptials of the Princess Royal and Prince Frederick WillWam of Prussia will take place oa the Mondav week following. On the Wednesday after the masriage Her Majesty and the Prince Consort will pay the newly-wedded Prince and Princess a congratulatory vWisit at Windsor Cmtla. The Royal party, iacluding the bride and tidegroom, willreturnto town on Friday, and agrand Draw. ing-room will be held at St. James's Palace on Saturday, the 30th ot January, to enable the aristocracy to pay their retpeots to the Prince aud Princess. Two state banquets ,will then be given by Her Majesty at Backingham Pace, to which the Ministers and the great functionaries of State. ard the. corps diplomatiquie vill be invited, and a series of otber entertainnments wili follow.-Court Joum-al. DEATH OF MAAJoR-GE}RMAL JAMS GRAY, ROYAL ARTxLLEr.Y.-Tbis gallant ofilcer, who has been, for many years past on tbe retired full-pay' list of the Royal Artillery, did on the 21st inst. The deceased Genewa- accompanied the expedition which sailed under Sir Dav54 Baira in 1505, and was present at the taking of the Cno of Good Hope, January, 18()6. He also accompanied tb: divsion from the Ca to co-operate with the expeditio.n Ifom India for the reuctlon of the lsle of France, havins' resigned the situation of Major of Brigade to the Royal Atll1ery at the Cape to accompany the division s a volrtnteer. At the eck of the King George transport in November, 1805, on which occasion Brigadier-Gereral York was drowned, he saved several lives by his pe,sonal exertions, baTing been the last taken from the rocls by the boats of the Ledo, friate. His commDssir,n bore date as follows:-Second Lieutenant, Jnne 9, 18C44 * Lentenant, December 20, 10; Captain. Al Y 1, 18? 4; Major, January 10, 1837; Lteu. tenant.Colonel, Nov ember 28, 1841: Colonel, June 20, 1854; and Major-G eneral, August 29,1857. F Ar BATliIsESA.-.Yesterday afternoon, about half-past 1 'cloc' r, a lire broke out on the premi-es belongag to Mesrs. Anijn anttd Co., tarpaulin cleaner%4 Stewart's. lane, Ba''t~etsae Te fire originatedt from tson'-e of the goods felliDF ° a pipe-stove. ~Pheboilding and allit contained were red sc, ? adsss& ufcttnnatell tne pryzte
i ZXTRAORDII?RY MURDER BY POISONING. GLASGOW WINTER CIRCUIT. GLAGOW, THUPMAY EvMixa. The Winter Circuit Court was opened here on Monday lat by the Lord Justice Clerk and Lord Cowan. There was a considerable nmuiber of cases of an aggravated character, but that which exalted the greatest interest was the ch>rge of murder In one case ad of attempted murder in another against John Thomson, aias Peter Walker, ra journeyman tailor. This case commenced before the Lord Justice Olerk on Tuesday morning, and was brought to a close this evenz ing, 'when the prisoner was found guilty, and sentenced to be hanged. The indictment chaged the prisoner with murder, in so far as on Sunday, the 13th of September, 1857, within the house situated in the village of Eaalesham and shire of Renfrew, then occnpied by a young woman mamned Agnes Montgomery, aged 27 years, who was employed as a reeler in a mill, he (the prisoner, John Thomson, airs Peter Walker) wickedly and feloniously administered to the saia Agnes Montgomery, in beer, or in some other article of drink or food, a quantity of prassia acid, in consequence of which she died lImmediately afterwards. Further, the pri. soner was charged with administering on the 25th or 26th days of September following a quantity of prussie add mixed in whisky to Archibald MAson, manufacturer in John-street, Glasgow, and aso to his wife, in conwequenoe of which they were put in danger of their lives, and seriously affected in health and person. From the evidence it apReared that in the end of June last James Watson, tailor inBaEglesham being in want of assistanoe went to the tallors' house of call in Glasgow, and engaged tne prisoner to 'work for him. He gave hi name as James Thomson, and It was not then known that his rea name was Peter Walker, that he was a native of Tarbet, in Agyl1shire, that he bad been transported for robbery, and that he had clanged his name on his return. As the deceased girl, Agnes Montgomery, was the sister of Watsones wife, the prisoner got acquainted with her, occasionally met her, and it is alleged offered himself as a sweetheart. The girl, however, does not appear to have given him any encouragemeent, but, on the contrary, suspected that he was not honest, and warned other people against him, as he was a bad man, who would one day orother be found out. Mont. gomery was an industrious young woman, and in fair circumstances, for, in additiouto her earnings, she was in the habit of receiving periodically an allowance from her brother, Finlay montgormesy, who was at sea, It Wm ed that on Sunday, the loth of September, the girl Iontgomery was in perfect health, and was at chnrch inthe afternoon She returned about 4 o'clock, and about n hour afterads the prisoner left his master's house, along with his master's anghter, a child about three years old, on the pretext of giviDR the child a walk and getting her some flowers. The girl Montgomery had iindled her fre, and had afterwards gone out. David Clarkson, a neighbour, whose house was on the same floor with the girl's, thus relates her return:"I was at home on Sanday, the 13th of September, and my door stood open, which was only about a yard from that of Miss Montgomery. She went out, and I saw her coming back about 10 minutes before 5, along with the prisoner and a little gil Shortly after I heard a great rumble or a 'desperate thresh' upon the floor, I wondered what kind of conduct this was on the Sabbath.day, for I thought the prisoner had thrown her down on the floor. About four or five minutes after I saw the prisoner and the little girl come out, and I heard the key turn in the look, as he locked It. He went downstairs and returned In about half a minute, and laid his head down against the door and listenec. He listened about a second or two and went down the stair again. lwentdown 'ahinft (behind) him wth the stoupto the welL He was in the garden, and Isald it was a ' good night,' to which he replied, I returmed in about two minutes, and when I got into my house heard a moanipz Other people heard it and came up and got my key, whick opened Agnes's door, for hers was missing, and went in. She was in a bad way; her 'een were stelled (fixed) in her head, She could not stir, and soon died." Other witnesses spoke to the prisoner being seen to enter Agnes, or Aggle Montgomery's houee at the time stated. The moaning was heard all over the house, in which two or three tenants lived, and several of them came to the door. Mrs M'Donald, one of the neighbours, an intelligentwoman, xpoke as follows:-" After we learnt that the groaning came from Aggie's we came up. The door was locked, but we got Clarkson's key, which opened it and went in. Aggle was sitting on a chair, vrith her head lening on a table. The body was quite still Her sister, who was also there, called for a doctor. I wen' out and saw Jack, the prisoner, and said, ' Oh, run for a doctor !' and he ran. There was some little froth coming out of the wicks of Aggle's mouth. It was a little coloured with blood, but we found afterwards she had bit her tongueand lIp She tbrew back her head at different times as if in distress. Her right hand was closed firmly. I loosed the boot off the lefa foot, and noticed tbat it was swelled and quite stiff. About 10 minutes after there wa another loud moa.u The breathicg was slow and with great oppression. She sighed six times before she died. ier skin was getting quite cold after we got her. I thought there was a little sweat on her face. We got hot water to bathe her arms. The eyes were large and staring, They were not turned up much. I don' thlnk she knew one of us from the time we got her till she died. She -was insensible. She died about 6 o'clock-threequarters of an hour after we got her. When we went into the room I found a kind of smell, and wondered what she bad been taking. It was a kind of sickening smell. It affected me a little. I felt my nostrils a ' kind of nip. plng,' and my throat was dry. I felt It off Aggle (the deceased) the moment I came forward. I can't describe the smelL I know the smell of almonds, but can't say It was altogether like that. On the 5th of November I saw Hunter, the superintendent of police, and others, and saw something put by them in beer. I smelt the beer, and after some of It was poured on the floor. I recognized It as the same smell I found about Agnes Mfontgomery when she was dying It affected me i the same way as before, in the nostriLs and throat." [This was prussi acid mixed with beer, from the same barrel from which a bottle had been suppHed to the deceased on the day of her death, and some of which was found in a tumbler when the prisoner left the house and the neighbours entered it.] It was also proved that as the prisoner went for the doctor he passed through a back green behind the house, and returning the same way he was seen to stcop for a moment or two at the root of a tree. After suspicion arose that murder had been committed, the spot was examined on the 2d of October, and the key which belonged to the deceased's door was found, whieh had been missing since her death. It was also noticed that fragments of glass, apparently of a hial, were ling on the road along which the prisoner ad passed, though none had been seen by people who went that road immediately before. The prisoner's shopmates proved that a good deal of conversation took place ahout the time of Miss Smith's trial regarding the rapid effects of prussio acid, which they said was sometimes used for photographic purposes. The carrier's boy proved that he took a note from the prisoner to Hart's (the druggists in Glasgow), from whom begot aphial. HeIco dnot read, but another boy read the note on the way, and said It was for prussic acid. The prisoner told the carrier's boy that be wavnted the stuffto dye his hair, but if he ws asked by the druggist he was to say the article was wanted by aphotographer. The druggist's shopman proved that prussio acid was supplied to the carrier's assistant on the 12th of September, and the latter said he gave it to the prisoner on the morning of the 13th, the day of Agnes Montgomery's death. One of the witnesses, who lived below the house of deceased heard, about 6 o'olock on that day a fall, and then a drawing along the floor. Shortly after this some person was heard to leave the room, and go down the stairs. (It was supposed that at this time the prisoner had lifted the girl up, drawn her along, and then placed her on the cbair where she was found.) The prlsoner, in his declaration, denied that he had seen the deceased on the afternoon of the Sunday in question. He left Eaglesham on the 25th of September, in consequence of some suspicion attaching to him regarding a letter containing 11., which was missing. Up till this time no suspicion existed as to a murder having taken place; but in a day or two afterwards Mrs. Watson, the sister of the deccaEed, had her attention excited by some prattle of her little daughter, who had accompanied the prisoner to Agnes Montgomery's house on the afternoon of her death, The Court would not allow thls prattle to be rehearsed, nor could the ehild be examined, as she was only three years old; but the consequence was that the body was exhumed on the 30th of Septemober, seventeen days after death. The stomach and Otber parts were removed by Dr. McXindlay, of Paisley, and his son, who distlnctly found prussic acid. Other portions of the stomach, &c., were sent to Dr. Douglas ac gan, ol Edinburgh, who analyzed them, and also foamcd prussic acid. These and other medical men were examined at great length, and had no doubt death was the result of prusslo Meanwhile the prisoner had come to the house of the Wasons in Glasgow, where he ledgel for a night or two. It was proved that on the night of the 25th of September be went into Mason's room, who was in bed A pint bottle oF whisky was produced by him, of which bo MI and lirts ason took a little from a gass They were both ill, the wife dangerously so, and she ectinued to siefr severely for some days. All the while the prisoner was on. the best terms with the Masons. The cont ents of thii pint bottin were afterwards anal1y2ed, end found to contain hWesky mixed with prussic acid. It w e alo proved that the carrier's boy got a second supply of prasaic aeid at Hart', the druggist's, on the 24th of September, thG day before the p,isoner left Eaglesham for Glasgow. Such are the principal points in this extraordlnarv cs, the evidence in which was 3upported bry aniy _o 7 tatis. It was scarcely possible to say whethiar the poisonisg was prompted by revenge, by tae desire sf plunder (for only 2d. was found in Agmes MontgomoeA honise, bet there should have been much more), or by the love of tlbe tbing, as developed in the case of the telebrated Marchioness Brinilliers. At al events, the snspicion became so strong that the prisoner wza at length apxehendad on tbe obarge. After the case fcerthe Crown hiwl closed, Mr. Herriot ad- dressed the jury for the paneL iu an able and eloquent speech. The Lor.D JDivsa C.xrx, hi ebarging the jory, comnienced by stabing that there was a great peculsaity in thts case-that tb.e azime of murder was foPowed by two subsequent charr,s of adLminiserg prussio acid or some pois'3nos -2suWIxance to two individuals e Was quite prepared, if. te counsel for the prisone6 had stated that he would L.ave suffered ans prejudice by going into those ces of suosequent use and tampering with poisons after the Charge of marder, to have separated the cases, and gone on wi',h the first charge alone. it was for the connsel for the p .isoner to consider whether thatwas for his interest, and as noobjectionwas stated, and as he savrfromthewayhis friend Mr. Moncrieff bad managed the case that it was most advantageous for the interests of theprisonerto allow allthe charges to go to trial, and to eudeavour to throw discredit on the great cbarge by the mode of treating the two minoy But, on the other han d, one onold not diigaise that the re was a most Eetious fact in this case; that on two diffe 'rt ocosdons, without the possibility of assigning a ' se osxc pt the nos,hid desire to see the efeot of prussi aacid' this person twie s ent for acid without a pretext f' n d ing ; and a&a the sezious scene he had ,,eea lit be L charged with prooeeding to administer what be knew to be prssic acid to two different persons. They must, undoubtedly, consider the evidence as to the murder in the first instance and if that were inconclusive, then the subsequent uee or pruselo acid asxumed a different aspect. But now that the whole case was taken together, they could not separate the use of proBsic acid on the last occadoio in Glasgowfrom thefactthatheboughtprnaloacid previously. There had been a great deal of med cal theory relied on in this case. He rather thought they (the jurv), as rmen trusting to their general knowledge, and aware of the obligation under which they were placed, would feel that wh t they had to attend to were the actual facts of the case, And if they were satisfied that those faots led to a conclueson agaipit the prisoner, neither the theory of the absence of motive nor any medical speculations could alter or prevent them from falling back on the actual facts. :No doubt, if any reasonable doubt arose as to whether the facts were true they would be inclined to give the full benefit to the risoner; but if th w facb were true, and they came tothe conclusion that they were established, their verdict must be guided b.r thefactsbeingtrue,andbynotheoryof absenooof or inability to discover a motive, because the facts remalned. The absence of motive, he owned, he had always considered a very dangerous pleading. It was a rash thing to attempt to pet a limit to the malignity of human nature, or to suppose that because their honest and innoent hearts could not enter into the motive of one committing such a crime, that therefore guilt was excluded. They knew there were no bounds to the depravity of the human heart, and numbers of desperate criminals would escape if things were to be tested in this way, or matters of fact laid aside, and you to say nou could not understand hoGw such could come to s Lordship then explained that the statute 10 Geo. IV., on which the indictment had been partly laid, had been passed from the prevalence in, Scotland of the crime of throwing vitriol upon and otherwise ijurIng those especially who would not join trades' unions. IEt happened unfortunatelythere was no disguising it, for experience had showtn it-- tht the occu rence of a case involving the use of a poison which attracted great notice, and became the object of much speculation, Was often followed by the comrittai of the sameoffece o th part of others.Thrwaastne morbid delusion created by the discumsion of such cases t arose fom a kind of strange desire to possess that command over human life which the knowledge of such poison produced, and which sometimes led, without one being able to detect the object, to the commisuion of similar crJimes His L-ordship then entered upon the evidence, calling particular attention to that of Dr. Fenny, as to the symptoms of death by prussia acid. In regard to the agitated appearance which it was alleged by several witnesses the prisoner presented when deceased's death was alluded to, his Lordship remarked that in general such evidence was not much to be relied upon, as there vwas a disposition to imagine that there were such appearances atter such a charge was made against a man. In this case, however, it appeared that these remarks as to a strangeness in the prsoner's appearance had been made by several persons bfotre it was suspected that he had any hand in deceased's death. Then, as to the causes of deceased's illness, had the rnoans been the result of a natural disorder it was for the jury to conslder if it were possible a man who was in the room at the tiee could leave a woman in such a state and lock the door without calling for assistance. If It were supposed that he administerec{ poison to her, then his conduct could be explained on the principle that he locked tho door to prevent assistance reaching her. The Important matter was--did he leave the room, locking the door when he knew the woman was ill? It was quite clear from the evidence that the prisoner was In the room with the little girl Janet and deceased, and that no small quantity of the bee. got had been consumed at thattime. When AgiDes became insensible that bottle of beer had been chiefly used; and it might be imaginod, even without medical evidence, that beer was a ver y good substance for the a inistration of prussia acid Nothg could be drunk faster than a draught of beer, and a great deal might thus be swallowved of some other substance mised with it before it was discovered. Deceased took the beer, and immediately after was seized with the symptoms described. The prisoner denied he was in the house wben the beer came in, but lt appeared from the evidence of the twogirls that he was, and onthispoint furtherlightwasthrownbythe evidenceof a most important witness, the mole-catcher, one of a clas generally pretty sharp, and who seemed not to be In any way deficient in this quality hituself. That witness heard the rumble on the floor, and in four or five minutes saw the panel oome out with the little girl, lock the door, go down stairs, and in half a minute return and listen at the door for a second or two. This evidence, corroborated as it was in the first part by that of the old woman Lewis, was most significant, and for the jury to consider in that light. Mrs Watson deponed that when she entered the room she felt a peculiar sm ell, 'which she, described, and which description agreed almost In every respect with that given by the medicul witDesCS She knew nothing previously of the smell of prussia acid; and that this strange smell was not an afterthought was proved by the fact that she mentioned It to Mrs. Montgomery. Another element conneoting the prisoner with being in the room at the time Agnes was attacked was the key found under a treo among gra, and which was Identified as her key. Who put it tCere, if not the panel? It was for the jury to say whether they believed he put it there when he was seen stooping under the tree. Then, what were the circumstances under which the panel was proved to have bought prussic acid? He knew, from a conversation in which he took part in Glasgow, that prussic acid was a poison rapid in its action, and he never beard of any other use to which it was applied. He told the lad whom he sent for it not to say who it was for, but that it was for a portrait painter, showing great anxiety to get the poison without letting any sue know of it. Here again his Lordship took occasion to rmark that he never know of a more singalar pieco of carelessness in selling poison than that exhibited by Stirling the obymist, Hart's assistant, He got no satisfactory answer to his question as to who the acid was wanted for, and did not heeve that It wa intended to be put to the use alleged, and yet gave it without further inquiry He (the Lord Justice-Clerk) would not retract what be had said the day before to Stirling himself, and would repeat, that the death of the girl ought to lie on his mind for life. His Lordship then went over the Masons' evidence, after which he stated to the jury that it would take a considerable time to go over the medical evidence, and left It to them to decide whether to procced or delay further consideration of the case till next day. The jury expressed a wlh to proceed, and his Lordship acoordingly continued commenting at considerable length on the evidence of the variouB medical witnesses Dr. 'Kindlay's and Dr. Maclaggan's evidence differed in some respects, the one finding prussic acid distinctlyin the stomach, and the other distinctly in the spleen; but this was explained by the fact that Dr. Maclaggan, who did not find It so distinctly in the stomach, had the worst partg venhim to analyze-Dr. Penry, who bad been examined that day, giving that as his opinion. Aledicalreports, however, often touched on points very much beside the question now to be decided. The points on which you have now to decide (continued his Loraship) are-Was the girl perfectly well up to the moment that the panel met with her that day ? Did she destroy herself ? If prussic acid is clearly proved, did she take it or did somebody give it to her? Mzr Moncrieff said he would not press the first sapposition, bat that it was for you to consider whether there might not be some strange element in her character which might suddenly impel her to self-destruction, Then, to come to a point of the greatest importance, though I do not say it is sufficient by itself-Who had the opportunity and means of administering the poison? That anybody sbould be seen usln poison is a thing which can hardly be expected, ana I believe such a thing has only occurred twice. Then, this prusic aoad hI not a thing lying about atthe hand of everybody, It can only be got from druggists; It Is a peculiar thing, marked "poison" when sold, and therefore we naturally inquire who had it, and who had the opportunity of administering it. Now, the only person who had it was the prisoner, and it was he also who was last with the girl, and who had the opportunity of giving it to her. If you are satisfied ho was in that room with her, as eb said to one witness after she took ill, then what is the conluision? With the rapid effects of it bhe could not have taken it before he went in, because she would have been insensible, unoonscious, and powerless before that time, Then youcome to a part of the evidence which I would not treat as circunatantial, but direct-the testimony of the parties wb> saw the prisoner come out carrying with him the little girl, and that of the witness who heard the rumble on the floor before he came out. He thought, no doubt, at the time-and who can wonder at that?-that it was some romping, anc that he bad thrown her down to the ground. But was that whe4 he was in the room, and was that the commencement of, the symptoms of the prussic acid? Isabella Law hears it. She does not see him go out, but-extraordinary confirmation of Clarkson's evidence-she was sure the person who went out loclred the door, and thought It was Aggie herselh She bears the "warling" andpulling of feet alongtheJioor ;and what the Crown putstoyoniswhetberaftershe b.llshe was raised. That that was done by the prisoner in the roomn it was quite clear. If she fell from ta g prussic acid, wat became of the prussic acid? Htas he told you ? Hanhe given any account of it ? He denies he bought it.. That, of eourse, is fruitless now, and was not denied by his counseL For what purpose was it bought ? Vhere is the phial? What became of its? On the 23d ho senls for nore,-a strong proof that he had used the ffist' Than you have the faot, if you think it is proved, o-f pruLCiC acid being found in his house. T'his brings you to1tleepoint of the panel being in the room; that ldeceasedrs iUness began thea, and that he w;as seen to lbave it after the rumbling and "wareling" was heard. No- doubts ita id. 4 what Eould be the motive for the crumeehaged Nethsr you nor I can penetrate into the hmuma heart., and we all know that many most improbable crima& are, xevertbeless, proved te demoonstration. it is most e-ia'Aordlu,W , no4ovhbt, that this man, having got a second qruntitye,f prussic acid, should be tampering with the health sad life f other peopls by adsInizering it to the MasonZ ior tb t it was in that I pint bottle cannot well be disputed, whi)Je it was proved beyond the possibility of a doubt lehat tha'A second phial was Met left in the house. Of coursi.i, iooui d easily be throw away on the road in a dark nigbh late in the end of September. But in tbat pint bottle. which w' ,s got from Jackson, prusslo acid was found, end tie effects. on the Masons were indubitably the results of the iise of '9russic acid. We ca6nnot well state the purpose 'B . had Xin view. It may have been just the result of thAk strange mnorbld feeling of posFessing a power over tae life of others which has been knowr to infiu'ape many people convicted of poisoning. If the faecs: are proved, can you arrive at the conclusion t'iat bs, did nrA do this, because you lind it difficult to accow4v for Fach a crime? If Jou come to the conclr,sion. sa Dr. Penny expressed it, of belng inevitably d riven to the couclusion of prussic acid bein, administerrAd to tbo girl wAi.cl died and the other two peopl I at afra'.A you sill not oe able to escape the painul reotult of the r erdict 3 cn 'ill nave to come to. If no prussic acid wasp oved to kave been administered, then there is an end Of, .e quextioa. But it these facis are proved you will conader on hwW grounds you will arrive at the verdict yom are D ow to Rive. His Lordship concluded his summaing up by remnrrking on the great sagacity and skill with which tho evidence had been traced after a clue had been obtained, Tho jury then retired at balf-past 6 to consider their verdict, and returned at 10 minutes to -, with averdict unanimou.ly finding the prisoner Guity of murder aS cbarged in the first count of the indictment. The Lo-n J svicsm CLE P. tben, addressing the prisonr ,r, Waid,-On evidence wbich has been given to the satSsfao,Loi ol the minds of the jury, and s7iich ha alo imp-4,8s1 my mtnd very strongly, you have been found guilty of a very barbarous and very cruet murder, eommitted under ciouukstances of great aggravation, and showing a hardness of heart that. I scarcely could have conceived. I fear, from what we know of your previous hIstory, that you gave no serious thought to the poesible awful con. sequences of your crime; but now that you are brought tothevery foot of the scaffold where yoa must terminate your life in a very few days I trust yoa will look forward to that whichfollows-that you wlllconsiderthefearfulconsequenoee of meeting your Great Judge with an impenitent heart -that you will, with deep contrition, lament over your past offenoes, and for the gullt of this murder-that youtill fotthwith, this very night, on your knees, implore pardon from the merits of ouir Great Redeemer, and sak that the grace of God may be vouchsafed to turn your heart from its kardened, stony state to a heart of contrition and deep penitence. Do not trifle with the short time left you. Do not for one moment delay the duty which is so imminent and urgent upon you. You will find most oordial and kind and persuasive assistance from the mieisters of the denomin&tion of religion 10 which you belong, if you are connected v'ith any. You wiUl be taught through what means alone you can hope to obtain the meroy of Almighty God' and I trust that by their direction you will he led even tils very night humbly to implore His forgiveness, and pray for mercy throngh the medistion of our blessed Redeemer. Indulgo in no vain thoughts that your llfo may be spared. Even It it were, the remainder of yourlife ought only to be spent in endeavouring to obtain that forgiveness. But your time is short, the necessity of preparation in deep; and I trust, now that you see the consequtences of your guilt, you Wll he brought to implore forgiveness in the way I have mentioned. His Lordship then assumed the black cap, and, ,n the usual form, sentenced the prIsoner to be hanged on Thursday, the 14th day of January next, betweern the hours of 8 and 10, at tbe usual place of execution, in Paidey. In pronouncing sentence his Lordship appeared to be deeply The prisoner, who had throughout maintained hbis usual stolid demeanour, was then removed from the dock without betraying any eign of emotion. The Court then adjourned till next day 9 o@clock.
Tim CIVIL SERVICY.-The Board of Trade.- Joint-Stock Companies' Registration Office.-Mr. George Taylor, assistant-registrar, has been appointed registrar, in tbo room of hEr. Francis Whit,narsl, deceased. he office of assistant-registrar has become vacant by the promotion of Mr. George Taylor; salary, 8001. Legal Department.- The treasurersnip of the County Conrt, Greenwich and lambeth, has becorne vacant by the death of Mr. James CopPCok; salary, 7001. Customs.-Mr. William F. Hey. don nas been appointed a clerk in the London Docks. Mr. Louis H. hiall has been appointed a derk at Glocester. Mr. T. Jones, collector at Ramsgate, has been appointed coUector at Preston, vice Mr. Underwood, retired. Mr. J. Foyster, comptroler at Falmouth, has been appointed collector at Ramsegate. Mr. J. Glasson, comptroller at Lynn, has been appointed comptroUer at Falmouth. Mr. F. J. SwatIan, olerk at Lynn, has- been appointed comptroller at Lynn. Mr. Henry G. SeUvwood has been promoted from second to first-class searcher at Southampton. Inland Revenue Department (Excise Brao'a).-Mr. John Beatson, supervlsor, has been removed from Ballyclare district, Be;fast collection, to Hamilton dibtrict, Llnlithgow collection, at his own request. The following officers have recently pased to the rank of examiners :-Messrs. Ayli% Young, Sanderson, Souter, Coogard, Birney, Marriott, and WaIl.-C1iv SerA Gazete- Tirz AuSTRALIAN MAns.-Muchmirsapprehension exists in mercantilo circles as to the due arrival of the future mails from AustraUa, but there seeoms no real cause for this alarm. It Ls true that the breaking down of the Bmeu wiU prevent the departure of the January mail from these colon5es at Its proper date, but those of November and December will oome forward in the regular manner, and the former will be due, by telegraph, vsi Malta, on December 29, and the delivery of the bags in London, vi4 Marsolles, on the following Saturday (January 2) ; but as the Post-office authorities have despatohed a stafi' of officials to Alexandria to meet the homeward mails, so as to "work off" theletters en roule, which will, it is expected, expedite the delivery of them by many hours, and as the coming Aust'alian packet will be the first to which the new regulations will be apphed, it Is possible that the letters and papers win bo distributed in the metropolis on Friday afternoon. Hitherto, the delay has arisen between the Australian ports and Suez, and not between Alexandria and the bosne ports, so thae; there is no blAme to attach to the Post-office authorities; and if the Admiralty would follow the initiative of w vrorking in" the steamers to Suez in the same spirit which the Post-office has resolved to do In "working off" the letters, there wonld be no ground of apprehension, either as to the present route or the due dellvery of the correspondence.-Mining Journd of Dec 26. AuToGnApHs AND MAANuscurs.-vTwo collections of manuscripts and autograph letters were sold on Wednesday and Thursday at the rooms of Messrs. Puttick and Simpson, in Piccadilly. Among the more romarkable aricles (in the Wlednesday's sale) were the following, which sold at the prices annexed to each :-Lot 4, a letter of Boilean, 14. 4s. Lot 31, a letter of Leihnltz. 14 13s, lob 133, 32 documents issued in the name of Eogueurand de Coucy, 41. Lot 145, a quittance of Bertrand du GuesceHu, 41. 4s. Lot 182, Arisiotells Ethica, a Greek MS,, 41 4Z. Lot. 191, Ctesar, a French translation, made for the Villars family, 71. Lot 211, L'Art cS Science de Faul. coneris. 31. Lot 218, Guido de Colonna. Storia Troiana, 51. 2s. 6d. Lot. 254, Of3iclum B, Marida Virginis, ilfunmi nated, 121. 15s. Lot 271, Psalterium, illuminated, 101. lOs. Lot 273, Reglstrnm omnium brevium, 8L 15L Lot 278, isenecie Epistola, 101. 15s Lot 294. a prose version of the Coates Devots, 61. In the Thursday's sale, chiefly of autograph letters, were the following:-Lot5, a letter of James Boswell, which sold for 41. lla. Lot 11, Queen Blizabethitui manual to a warrant for purchase of 121 arrows, &o. 31. Lots 48 to 52, six letters of Kitty Clive to David Garrick, sold for 61. 19s. 6d. Lot 53, a letter of Edmund Burke to Garrick, 21. 2s' In this letter he says, "If His Majesty's tbeatre at Westminster were as wllU administered as his theatre at Drury Lane we should not have the Vlaguo to him and ourselves of remon8trance asd petitionse. Lot 54, five letters of J. Bate and H. Siddons, relative to Mmrs Siddons' first appearanoe In London, 11. its. Lots 67 to 69, three letters of P. B. Shelley, 41. At the same house, on Tuesday, the collection of drawings formed by Sir Anthony Westcombe, one of our earliest English collectors, was sold. The collec4on comprised some fair specimens by the hands of the old masters, bat evidently collected without that fastidlous regard to the quality of the worik and its state of preservatien which marks the taste of the present raco of amateurs. The collection, which, according to the catalogne, had remained intact from the time of Sir Anthony Westf;cobe to the prehent day, was sold in lots at snos from lOs. to a few pounde each. DEATH OF &SR FRyDmRwKE G. FOsrn, BART.- We have to announce the demise of Sir Frederick George J. Fogver, Bark., who expired on Friday last at-Westcombelodge, Wimbledon. The late baroiet was eldest son of the late Right Hon. Sir Augustus J. Foster a,nd Lady Albinth Jane, eldest sister of the late and present Esrl of Bucking. banishire. He vas educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated M.A. in 1SU7. Shortly after leaving the university he ws attacbed to the British Legation at Turln, where his father was lSMinister Plenipotentiary from September, 1S8 till May, 1S40t In August, 1841, he was appointed paid attach6 at Dresden, and secood paid att%chd at Vienna in March, 1844.; and in Deoemsber, the same year, first attocshd; a post he subsequently cigned, and has not since held any diplomatio aDpointmienit- His father was in 1831 created a baronet oP the united iingdom for his diplomstic services, and on- hi demise in 1848 the deeeased. succeeded to-the baronetoy, which now devolves upon his. brother, the Rev. Cavendish Hervey Foster, rstor of, Thoydon.Gssnon, E§seh, -who- maried- in,1S44 Mien; Todd, youngest danghter of She late Eev. John Todd, of Halesowen. D 1AT oF Sm AL:mff i Dmsx.-Tha demise. of the abow gallant baronet is-announced as hav!ig taken place at llcsworth Park, near Hinohley, Leicesteb.hire. Ha was.third son oftbe-Rev. Beaumont Dl}e, rect an, of Blos- somville and vicar of St. Poser's, Desby. Sir- Alexanderentered bhe navy ia his 15th year on board the tteason, 36, and vas,, when in :ompaily with the Indefatigr,ble, 46, Cap.. tain Sir- Edward Jehlew, wrecked nesr Ile Bas, aS the close of a gnilantfactien of l3hoursw with ibe Fre=ch ship Lee, Droitste rHomme, 74, and- wastaken prisoner: by.tho enemy. andire,-uained ia captivity 10 months. After wshort-servioe in tha WestblIdies, i 180:3 he joined the Canosus, 80, in the Medit*rranean, and su'lsequently tho Victory, 10O, fixgship. of Lord Nelson, througb. whom ke Wa confi7med. t-o a lietenancy is Octobe s; S04, in thePbebe, 36 under the command of (_;tln tLe Hon. 7-homas Bbden Capol. He served with. distincticn at the. Battle of 7bafalNar. Aiter remaining an half-pay a few years, he ii 1811 served on the North Amrican station, mad in JxV, 1813, assamed the act1,g captaincy of the, Chesapea:te, and in June. 1814, was 'iyomoted to the com3mand of t1w Ssacen. While emuplo itsd-on that-station he. effec'ed the capture and destrnction of 16 of the enemy's. vessels. Captain DLiie in IS15 was serving off the coasb of Fiance, sice which he has not bea any acti;e employment. O'Byrne, in his arxa Bia p , oh serves that he had '- assisted at th )capture sand destructiorn of 23 sail of the line, besides a n-anber of frigates, slbops of war, and privateers; been oDfjii shipwiecked, twice in- rsonied, and twice wounded in lattle." On the death of hs nepbew, Sir WiUoughby W astan Dixcie, in 1,q50, he succeeded to the baronetcy. The s ta baronet is succeeded by his eldest son, Alexander Beaumon t Cbsuschill, by his first marrlage with Miss Chorchill, da' hterof the Rev. Joseph Dixe Churocill, rector The deefased was a deputy-imutenant of Leicestershire and Su&sex. He bad received the naval war mnedal and two clasps for '~bafalgar and servi,e3 afloat, H[is commission bore date as iollows:-Llentesant, 1t Octo. ber, 1804; cosomasde, 7th June, 1Si1; and captain (retIred), 1st Jrl.y, 1S51. FATAL A'CCID)EA TO A STP EW,ALMMEX. On Friday morning mary Woods, aged 66, spiner, was. misseA out of her bed, in the house which sho occupied -t Liscara, on the Cheshire side of the Iermy. Some of tbe villagers reported that at an eorly hourthat lsorntr,g they bad seen a figure dressed in white, and which they supposed io be a gbost, walking in tbe direction of thc ferr y, and later in the morning the boody of the unfortunxte > dy was found floating in tbe river, near the ferry, clotbed 'only in her night dress. An inquest wvill he held On the body onb Monday. | TinS MALIS.-LV 'OOL, DeC. 26.-Tbe CULayd steamship Africa sailed to-day for ew York with a Very small number of passengers, but with an improved cargo 4 awd X iited at.cunt of specie, beside6 th@ usut l u lMi3%,
MONRY-MABKRTanrWdITYINTELLIGBNCR. Satudy Evening. The Stock-E:xchange and the transfer-offices at the Bank of England have been closed to-day, and It has been a general holyday in most departmenta of business. About 84,0001. of gold (including 12,0001. Rus- ian) was taken to the Bank this morning. i With the repayment on Thursday of the 2,000,0001. of overissue the commercial crisis of 1857 may be considered at an end. A large amount of wreck probably still remains to be cleared away, but any such details wiU henceforth be regarded as of only individual interest. All the exciting adjancts of the storm will die out with the cloing year. In reviewing its history observers will be struck with a singular fact scarcely yet noticed. Throughout the whole there has hardly been so much as a reference to the continued gold production in Australia and California. lMIore than 20,000,0001. of the precious metal is still in course of annual distribution, and we have witnessed a financial revulsion at all the commercial centres of Europe and America, and heard all the theories and discussions to which it has given rise, without any one apparently thinking it relevant to mix up the two subjects as having, either retrospectively or prospectively, any bearing either for good or ill upon each other. This is a wholesome sign. A few years back the gold discoveries were used to explain everything. Theagriculturiststook refuge inthem. Every prediction regarding free trade had been fUlsified, but it waa Ballarat and Bendigo that had sWved the country. Trade and commerce, also, 'Would but for the same circumstance have been cut up by the Bank Charter Act long before November, 1857. Every good that a liberal Governmaent might effect was credited to the specie arrivals, and aU their sins were described as the more heinous because, while this " wealth" was pouring in upon us, it was utterly inexcusable that anything should go wrong. Politically, economically, and commercially, whenever a man wished to escape the horns of a dilemma he thus found the means to throw his opponents into confusion. He had been perfectly right, but who could have thought of the mines? It is evident, however, we are getting beyond this. The late conflct on the currency has shown that among the great body of the people the simple principle on which alone it can be honestly based has been understood with a force which, in the midst of the speeches and pamphlets that threatened to pelt us out of all courage and reason, could hardly have been hoped, and the rapid cemation of the delusions on the gold question is another equally Important proof of advancing intelligence. It is true that during the late debates one or two of the leading members of the Opposition seemed to wish to approach the matter in the old style, but the attempts were in every case confined just to the number of words necessaryto show that they had forgotten nothing and learnt nothing. A stray allusion to the riches that are still being opened up, coupled with a cautious expregsion of concern at the fact that with all these "riches" we seemed to be none the richer, constituted for the most part the utmost that was ventured. It is plain that the majority have disabused their minds of the visions that first dazzled them, and have at length accepted the simple idea tgtthere Is no ultimate profit in increasing'the supply of a commodity which In a general sense has no value except from the limitation of the supply. Per. haps, indeed, they may have already recognized that the 100,000 or 150,000 persons toiling at the deposits in California and Australia are aetually the most complete specimens of a non-producing class that could be found. They live extravagantly, and furnish nothing in return to add to the general stock of available property. When they have given out the results of their labour we are just where we were. As soon as the 50,000 ounces of gold which they may raise this week shall have been added to the mass of gold at present in existence, the enlarged total will be worth nothing more than the smaller one. As far as the direct action of his occupation on society is concerned the goldfinder and Slayphus are fellow-workers. Happily by drawing others to now regions he unwittingly exercises at the same time a marvellous infiluence on the destinies of man}kind, but that is a different branch of the subject. The point now is that as respects any operatlon on the tangible wealth of the world he is a nonentity; and as the question whether this is the case or whether he ia reaUy creating effects sufficient to account for every good thing that is brought about by enlightened legislation could not fail, while it was at all in doubt, to prove rather disheartening to those 'who had been striving for progress, it is satisfactory to find that in most quarters there seems no longer the slightest perplexity on the matter. The railway inteUigence of the week is of little importance. A meeting of the Class A shareholders of the St. Andrew's and Quebec has sanctioned, after a division, the amalgamation with the New Brunswick and Canada. It was stated that the portion of the line already opened is worked at a profit. The report of the committee appoiated to examine into the question of the 10,000 acres of land will be delivered at the meeting in February. The traffio of the Dundee and Arbroath for the halfyear ending the 31st of October has increased 1,4331. over the corresponding period in 1856, or about 26 per cent. The increase in the working expenses is only 4481., or about 6 per cent. The property generally is stated in the directors' report to be in a satisfactory condition. At a meeting of the Worcester Chamber of Commerce a resolution has been passed, regretting the apparent desire of the board of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton to abandon the construction of the Diglis branch. This railway is intended to open a communication from the main line near Worcester to the Severn at Diglis, and powers were obtained to make it some years ago, but they have never been exercised. The report of the New Brunswick and Canada describes the important progreas that has taken place in their undertaldng. The works are now being proceeded with up to the 60th mile, and there are at present 25 miles under contraet, which will be completed at the moderate cost of 2,6171. per mile. Notwithstanding the inexpensiveness of its construction, the line is said to be well fnished. The New Brunswiok Government have transmitted 18,0001. on account of their stock, and have granted the company 20,000 acres of land, with an assurance that a further grant wll be made as soonax lt is required for the purposa of settlement. The following relates to a letter signed " Observer," Inserted on Thursday, regarding the new facilities granted by the Commissioners of Customs for the transmission of certain imported articles to London, vi4 the South-Eastern lRailway, without their being subject to detentlon at Dover or Folkestone. " Observer" is charged with having stated that merchandise might be so sent, but hlis words I were " small packages and parcels containing sample goods." His motives are also fmpugned, becaue he Is not sanguine as to the zeal of the South-Eaatea Company in making the most of the concession. If the railway companies in general, and the South. Eastern in particular, never gave the public any. thing but proofs of eagerness to promote their con* venience there might be some reason for not allow. Ing " Oberver," or any one else, to expre an ad. verse opinion; but this satisfactory state haa yet to be attained. It appears, however, that the South. FEastern Company have been exerting themselves very creditably to bring about a general improvement in the arrangements for our interoourse with Ihe continent, and in that respect the announcements in the present letter will be welcome:- "Sir,-I am sure you would not willigy allow an anony. Mons correspondent to use your valuable columssfor the publication of unfair statements. "In the letter of ' Obseever,' which appeared in your City Article of Thursday last, referring to the concession made by the Customs, on the application of this company, Permitting $Eall parcels to pas through from Parts to Lou. don without intermediate Customs' examination, he takes occasion to reflect mnoeb Improperly upon the South.Eastern Company. In common justice, I think I may be allowed to mention the fact that this company has spared ncither exertion nor expense in developing the ystem of through baggage registration, originated entirely by them, in which with the liberal assistance of the Board of Cusoma we have been entirely uccessful, giving advantages to the publlc which are now fully appreciated. Ths paved the way for the introdcuction of the proposed examination of parcels In London, which we intend to commence simultaneouly 'with the expres parcels system betvween London and all parts of the continent that we are now maturmig. By untirng perseverance, attended with many difficulties in obtaining the co-operation of the continental authorities, we have at length arranged a system which will give the public a quick and cheap muans of transit to alnost every town of any importance in Europe, thus putting an end to the monopolieg and other almost prohibitory inconveniences which hitherto oDposed a barrier to interational communication of this kind. " Does this indicate that there is reason for ' but little hope in the South-Eastern people doing much good in the matter,' or for the other insainuations of your correspondent, who in his letter abundantly estifies he has other objects in view than the public benefit ? Besides, he is quite mistaken in 'the matter,' which he thinks extends to goods. Now, merchandise is specialy excluded by the Customs from the operation of the new rule, so that I think you may hope for f.ome more reliable and imparti authority on such subjects than 'Observer.' "I am, Sir, your obed ent servant, "C. W. RBORALL, General Mnager. "General Manager's.office, South-Eastern Railway, Dec. 26." The aunexed information respecting the mining business of the week is condensed from the Mining Journl :_ " From the limited charcr of the business done during the week shares have been generally dull, and show a ten denoy to decline. At Botallack Mine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2,641 The profit on the two months' worklng w&s 6304; a dividend of 600. (31. per share) was declared, and 8,0414. carried to the next account. At Exmouth Mine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 3,3731.; a dividend of 721. 5s. (24. 6d. per share) was declared. At West Sharp Tor Mine meeting the accounts for October and Novemaber showed a credit balance of 71, and arrears of call amount. ing to 2001.; a cal of 34 per share was made. At North Wheal Basset meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1,4190, which was carried to the credit of the next account. At Calvadnack Mine meeting 'he accounts showed a balance against the mine of 43514; a call of 10s. per share was made. At Whmeal Kitty (Lelmnt) meeting the accounts showed a balanoe in favour of the mine of 1824 At East Wheal Rose meeting the sccounts showed a balance sgainst adventurers of 1,120L The ma. Ohinery and materials sold amount to sbout 6,000L At Wheal Frank Mills meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 4334; a cal of 2s. per share was made.n With regard to foreign mines it Is stated " At the Linares Mining Company meeting on Thursday the directors dedcared a dividend of 5s. per share." The Great Britain has arrived from Australlawith 1,427 ounces of gold, value 5,7081. The Bankers' Magazine furnishes the returns of -irculation of the private and joint-stock banks in England and Wales for the four weeks ending the 21st of November, and gives the following as the %verage weekly circulation of those banks during the past month, viz.:- Private banks . .. ... ... £3,655,577 Joint-stock banks ... ... ... ... 3,026,590 Average weekly circulation.. ... £6,682,167 On comparing the above with the amounts of the ixed issues the following appears to be the compara.ive state of the circulation :_ The private banks are below theirfixedise £792,676 The joint-stock banks are below their ficed issue ... ... ... ... .. 2 ... 5,767 Total below fixed Isn . £ ... 1,06,443 The returns of circulation of the Irish and Scotch banks for the four Weeks ending the 21st of November, when added together, give the following as the average weekly circulation of these banks cduring the past monthl viz. - Average circulation of the Irish banks .. ... £6,772,645 overage circulation of the Scotch banks ... 4,344,222 Average circulation during past month ... £U,116,867 On comparing the above with the fimed isues of the several banks, as given in the Banking A 7anac the following appears to be the state of the circulationa- The Irish banks are above their fixed Issue ... £418,151 The Scotch banks are above their fixed issue ... 1,257,013 Total above the fixed Iase ... ... ... 1,675,164 The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the several banks during the past month bave been as follows : Gold and silver held by the Irish banks ... £2,414,539 Gold and silver held by the Scotch banks ... 2,057,192 Total of gold and silver held ... ... £4,471,731 The above statements comprise the returns of the country circulation of notes in England, Scotland, and Ireland for the month ending the 21st of November,whicb, combined with the average circulation of the Bank of England for the four weeks ending the 18th of November kthe nearest date sdnce the late alteration in the time of making up the Bank weekly averages), will give the following results of the circulation of notes in the United Kingdom when compared with the previous month:- dhowing an Increase of 283,018i. ia the ciculation of notes in England, and a decrease of 110,2951. in the circulation of the United Kingdom; and, an compared with the month ending the 22d of November, 1856, the above retuns show an increase of 207,3891. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 546,1861. in the circulation of the United Kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of England in both departments during the month ending the 18th of November was 7,720,9841., being a decrease of 2,195,7431. as compared with the previous month, and a deerease of 1,956,0861. when compared with the same period last year. The stock of specie held by the Scoteh and Iris banks during the month ending the 21st of November was 4,471,7311., being an increase of 413,9091. as compared with the previous return, and an increwe of 94,2621. wvhen compared with the corresponding period last year. The Banking Almanac for 1858*- has just been issued, embracing a full register of all the banking institutions of the ULnited Kingdom, together with general commercial information. Richard? Uniwersal Daily Remembrancer-one of the oldest and best known works of the clas-has likewise made ita appearance,t andDelaRues Indeible Diary: Isanew and convenient memorandum book, remarkable for Its typogaphical clearnes Ayres's Finani Register§ bae also lately been published, comprising an account of the revenues of India, a history of the Bank of England, and financial statistics of Yrance, various other European countries, and the U United State.. * Groombrldge. De I Rue and Co. t ldward StnfordL. Riohrdsown, Brothers ROYAL FBEE UoasPrrA, (GuAY's-nr-noAD.-The numuber of patients relHevedat this hospital during thelweak ending December thIe 28th is 1, 632, of whioh 477 were new cunes.
S1TATZ OPTRADR. MANCHESTER, DXc. 26. There as searcely anything desetving the name of b3iness to-day, but rather more business bas been done durlog the week than for some time past. Prices are stUl very low, and though stockl ia thehands of some of the coumtry manufacturers, which had begun to assume large propor. tions, have been materially lessened in some instances, sellers have been unable to obtain any advance. The uhnost that can bo said is that some descriptions of cloth axe steadier in value. Among these axe 36-inch shirtings. Printing clothb, whcbh have so long been depressed more than almost any other article in the market, hAve been in rather more request. In yarns there is little or no improvement beyond what was no'ced on Tuesdy, and prices are still very unremunerative at even the much reduced oost of the raw materiaL BIR31INGHAM:, DXc. 26. The iron and coal trades of South Staffordshire present a marked contrast to their stat at the oorresponding period of lut year. At thu Christmas of 1856 they were represented to be, If not remarkably active, as sound and healthy; now they are much depressed, and in sorne departments usiness is at a complete stndstiL Recent disclosures have shown that many of the firms of the district whose credit stood high were, however, tradling npon -Actitious capital, or no capital at all, and now bank accommodation has been restricted and overdrawn accounts required to be promptly repaid wide-spread disatrs have been the consequence. This unfortunate sate of things is doubtleo In a veat degree to be attributed to the unjtutifiable liberality of the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Banldn Company- and It Is much feared that Aow the directors ol that establishment are compelled to enforce the liquidaion of outstanding advances that further failures must be the result. Numerous meetings of the creditors of firms which have suspended payment have been held during the week, but only in two cases-those of Messrs. Solly and Mr. T. R, Pemberton-are the estates likely, after considerable dela to realize 20s in thepound. The affaira of other establU mebts which bave stopped are doomed to "private axrangement" or public adjudlcatlon in the Court of Bank. AtWolverhampton on Wednesday, and In Birmingham on Thursday there was a large Attndance of the iron trade, but little business, as might be expected, was transacted. There appeared to be no disposition to effect sales at present quotations; but, ou the contrary, all parties were desirous of postponing contracts until after the prelimlnaryquarterly meeting of ironmasters which is to be held at Dadley on Wednesday next. The feeling of the trade was, however, hopeful, and this was further improved by the announcement in Birningham on lhursday that the Bank of England had reduced its discounts from 10 to S per cent. Notwithstanding the shock given to the iron district the oldestablished houes remain firm, and, asyet,noreductlon has been announced in the prices of finished iron by first makers. Bars stand at 9Z. per ton, and hoops and sheets are quoted in like proportion. The thin ooal collieries were In the early part of the week subjected to considerable annoyanoe by the "turnout" of the colliera. The reduction of 6d. per day in their wages came into operation on Saturday night, and considerable numbers refused to resume work on Mfonday morn ing. Happily, however, the men have been guided by better leaders than upon the lst occasion of a 8strike " in South Staffordshire. On Saturday a depatation from the worklng collters had an interview with Lord Dartmouth, an extensive local proprietor, and Mr. P. Wiliams, the chairman, and Mr. Hartley, the Seoretary of the iron trade, at Wolverhampton, when the contemplated reduction wss temperately dias cussed. As a matter of course the men objected to a fall, but Mr. Williams. confirmed by ffr. Hartley, ultimately convinced them that in the present circumstances of the trades of the district the proposed reduction was absolutely necessary, If not altogether inevitable. The result of this interview was reported by the deputation to a meeting of the colliers hold at Willenhatt in the early part of the week, when it ws resolved to accept the terms offered, and to resume work on Thursday morning. This resolution was generally carried into effect, and thus for the present, at least, a strike, from which deplorable effects were antiolpated, has been averted b the combined efforts of considerate masters and wi and prudent maen. Every endeavour has bsen made, we know, to continue the wages paid to cotliers for the last few years, but in consequenc of the reduced demand for thin ooal caused by the blowing-out of so many furnaces within the last three months, It has been found Impoesible to maintain prices and keep the men in employ at existing rates of remuneration. The thick ooal colliers have received no notice of a reduction, the demand for household consumption being moderately good and the last advance well supported. In the neighbourhood of Cradley we regret to say the operative ohaiumakers, who have during the summer months been remarkably well off, have exhibited a different hptrit to that mwifested by the colliers of South StaffordSlUre, A reduoton of wages having been resolved upon a partial tun-out enmed, when a number of the men upon strike proceeded to commit violent assaults upon those who continued at work, Fortunately, however, these tumultaous proceedings were not general; ma&isterlal interference prevatled, the offenders were punished, and further breaches of the peace prevented. The general trades and manufactures of Birmingham, with few exceptions, remain dulL The American merchants state that their lazt advices are more cheerlng than those previously received. Stocks of Birmingham goods are understood to be low, but the orders received are still scanty. At the present period of the year, however, business with the United States is seldom brisk. It is generally most active in September or October, and few shipments of hardware are made to any extent in the winter months. The merchants consider that by the occurrence of the late American panio they have lost one seson, but consider that this will be compensated by a brisk spring trade. The depressd stte of the metal markets affords strong evidence of a corresponding depression in the varilous maanufactures of Birmingham. Another reduction of 6s. per cwt. in the price of tin has been announced, but notwithstanding these repeated falls the abseneo of American ordera and the dulness of the home demand renders the manufacture of tin wares comparatively inactive. The reduction in the price of tin has been not lecsthan 26a per ton in little more than 10 months, and yet the manufacturing trades of which tin is the material are far from being so active as when they stood at the highest figure, The general brassfoundry businesses are dull, although one or two of the heaviest establihments of the town have fair, If not average employment. The gunmakers are moderately active upon Government contracts, but in the birding br nch there is itle doing, and increasedslackness may be expected. Business for the week may be said to have terminated in Birmingham on Thursday evening, and there is every probabilty that it will only be partially resumed during the ensuing week. The workpeople of the town have certainly seldom had more time on their hands,if they had only more money in their pockets for the enjoyment of Christmas festivities than at the present sown. It is tolbe feared, however, that the general dulness of trade which has prevailed during the last two months has deprived them of those means of celebrating Chrstmas which they poWsessed the last and previous seasons. To-day (Saturday) the prin aipal manufactoriss, merchants' warehouses, the Stock- xchange, and retail establisihments ot the town were closed, and the streets were crowded with persons apparently bent, according to their inclination and means, upon enjoying "merry Christmas. NOTTINGHAM, DEC. 26. There is no Improvement to report in the lace trade. A little Is doing in plain goods, and there have been a few more buyers for home consumption in the market, but these transactions are very limited, and, as manufacturers are prudently continuing the system of only producing for actual wants, stocks are kept down andj hours of laboun are restricted. The house of Oliver and Sons, very largely connected with the lace trade, have called together their creditors. Their liabilities are said to be nearly 40,0001., the principal part of which loss has fallen upon lace-makers and commission. agets in Nottingham. The firm has offered 7s. 6d. in the pound. There ia nothing newr to report in the state of the hosier trade, with the exception of the fact that one large house has placed its hands on full time. Generally speaking. however, business is extremely depressed, and there is scarcely an,ything doing in any branch. Material (both yarn and silk) ls easier. iLEICESTER, DEC. 26. The hosiery trade contines in a most lethargic condition, There are scarcely any orders in the market. Machinery is either working short time or stopping altogether, and manufacturers are, for the most part, as is usual at this period of the year, taking stock; it is, however, many years since business was so stagnant as it now is, and prospects for some time to come are of a very cheerless description, Stocks of goods on hand are light. There is very little doing4 either in yarns or wool, both having a downward tendency. There is a good deal of distress among the operatives, and the amount of relief granted at the wrorkhouse ia increasin. At Loughborougoh and the countr districts trade is charac. terisedhoy the sme depression, LBEDS, Dx. 26. As to wsual in the Christmas week, the transactions, both In the cloth-halls and the woollen warehouses, have been of a limitedeharacter, toocktaldng and balancing of books being operations more presdng now than the demand for ooa.. A.crom - onrcero h rcn rprsfrmti goos -Fromteneoonaraoter of thlle rece-nStr-epor-ta-f-r-or- tbls place It will be Inferred that the stocks of cloth in the hands of manufacturers and merchants have for some time been increasng, and the Inference is a correct one; yet, from the general circumspection observed by the chief firms engaged in the trade, conpled with the high price of wool, the quantity of cloth beld In stock is not excessively large, and should the general expectation be realired. that there will soon be a much better demand both in the bome and the foreign markets, stocks will easily be reduced to ordinary limits, and the present extent of short-time Working among manufacturers will come to an end, and full time be adopted instead. With a slackness of trade there bas been more than asual holyday keeping this Christmas, Most of the mills and warehouses have been partially or whol closed to-day, so that the markets in the cloth-halls hive been 22ttl2 more than nominal, the attendance of bnyers and sellers being alike below the average. Nothwithstanding " the hardness of the times" and the pressure on the means of subslstenewhichmany of the work. ing classes must feel, the great Chrisian festival has wanted none of its usual features, except It be the extremely mild natare of the weather; for all clases of the people, accord. Ing to the experience of the providers of creature comforts, have obtained their share of thoae edibles which are partiocu larly hosen at this semon of the year. There sone feotare of a very commendable character to be observed here this Christma, from whatever source It arises, sad that is that there hasbeen a greater diminution in the os of intoxica- fon obaerved publicly than in former years There has nno ocaion yet for the adoption of ny extraordina meses to relieve the poor here, but the number I incraing. Th, last weeoky return by thie Leeds Poor Law guardians hoa ther were 20 morereieved than In the corresponding week of 1856. B BRDFORD, DFc. 26, Our market is u aally dull at this season of the year, b@u'i in the course of the week it has exhibited some signs oi rimmring confidence. The business done has certainy been on a ery small ascale, but there Is a more cheerful tone, and, aart from the local commercial derangements that'remai to be adjusted, everything seems to indicate the near approach of better times. There havo been more inquiries this week than of late as to the terms on which purchases could be made, and it is thought that by the middle of next month we shall have nore tanBible evidences of improvemeent. In wools, though there have been no transactions of importance, prices are decidedly firmer. ;Staplers are not willing to acoopt the low rates at which wool has been sold recently, and appear to entertain the opinion that the prices of the raw material, for the preseBt at least, have seen their lowest point of depression. The vorsted yarn-market has been nearly stagnant, both as regards the home and export trade. The little business done has been at rainous prices. In cotton yarns sales have'taken place lately on very low terms, but spinners now declime to acceptthe offewsmade. Thezeduction oftwoper cent. in the Bank rate of discount has contributed to infuse a little more spirit into the piece market. Merchants who have kept back their orders for goods for export, thinking they might be;able to get them executed at lower rates, have begun to show more inclination to have some of those orders placed. The purchase of goods for the home trade is still confinedtosmall lots, to make up assortments. Some of the home houses are said to have placed contracts this week for spring delivery at very moderate prices. Tbe suspension of payment by Mr. Wiliam Chapman Halgh, wooistapler, has been already mentioned in 2te Tirura. Mr. Haigh has boeen long extensively engaged in business, and It is said that his labilities are heavy. The bankyoptoe of Messrs. William and George Crossley, cotton. "pinWers, Xlluad, near EHalito, is announo6d. A lCage mahiune-making firm, that of Messrs. Crossley an oaeeming, of Southouam- Bank-bottom, have ssuedo the aubjoined oircular to their creditors:- namey,r.ohn s any-bhi, HalIfax , Dec a1. sipmer,-In she quence of the prisure of tho tmes we aen relun anil compelled to infosm sou that wre fidD it necessr that lershoud ask 3for a lltile time to meet our engagsen,sta 'We bas put our boof s Into the hands of Mr. Jobn Chom accountant, n ide that a balsnceabers and statemnt p of our aTeay may he madbe o eubmited to our eredntor at a me tg to ba held on as earl4 a ds as possble, ando hc yot shallb h1 av,s ue notice. ' We ae, 84r our mostobedientervatg, " CROS31iXY ansd LEE5fl54} " Another mahchine-madker, in a smaller way of business nmely, Mr. John Mmills, Hated-hill, Halfax, has mrade an assignment for the benefit of hi creditors. It is annouanced that a meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Willian Cheesebroueh and e,on, r oolstaplers, lwll take place on Taesday HAIFA, Dxc. 26. There iS no decided improvement in the worsted trade here, which remains dull; but in the ouarse of thae wreek there ave been mtore inqupriev for goods. There is no alteration in yarns or wools. As soon as commercial confidence is completel restored, beth as to the American and German as well as to the home trade, uo doubt our manufacturers will have orders supplied. A determination to do a safe trade, yather tbau~ a large qNdseulative one anpears to be a principle that will prevail more than it did before the waning panic dawnued upon us.
SHIP NEW& LIVZRPOOI, DEW 27. Wlnd, N. 10Y ZLZTIt TZLPRPB.) Arlved.-The Nordoap. from Alexandrla-the Scottish Chief, from Bombay-the Dauntleas and the HeraLd of the Horning, from elIso -the United Kingdom, from Quebeo. Salled.-The Venur, for Bombay-tbb ceamer Rita, for Santander -the Sea Rover, for Kingston, Jamaica-the Serpent, the Fxoeldor, and the Isabel, for St. Michiel'-te MWad ot Athens, for Valyaraimo -the Anoury, for Bordeaux-the Belle Poole, for Buenor Are-the Jobn J. Boyd, for New York-the dutlah, for 0alcutta-the Sampeon for Galveston-the VId, the Deal", and the Jane Brown, for Barbdoer -the Elena a., for Venloe-the aribria and the Trmbull, for New Orlens -the White Mouse, for Lisbon-the Slr Charles Napler, for Bombay-the Oeean Belle, for Mobile-the Wlillam Penn, for phlila. delDbia. Off the Port.-Tbe Zillab and the Greybound. LIoN-DO, Deo. 26.-Wind at noon, K.W.; light breeze, and dull, hauzy we.ther. BRISTO4, Dec. 26.-Wind, W.; * ne.-Arrived, the Ad&a from Torceira-the Athlete, from Liverpool-the Brigand, from Glasgow. Saied. the Dora. for Barbados. Dec. 27.-Wind, W. ; fine. xAroTn, Deo. 2i-Arrlred off the Port, the Plus IX, fom Rio Janelro for Gottenburg. Arrived, the Elizabeth. from Santos-the Otwaw and the Heeper, from Havannsh-the Gwalb, frem Patrethe Wales. from honderland for Madras. aed, the MerBn, for Terceira-the Robert, for Cberbourg-the Iutreptd, for Bremen-tho Ernesto, for Antwerp-the Nuovo Oas, the Carlo, and the ttle Fred. all for London-the Anvertors, for Bristol-theVryabndel and the PeDits, for Liverpool-the Amanda, for Belfast-the Effort, for Galway. 25th.-Wind, W. Sailed, the Maroo Polo, for Ip5wioh-the Ba-dur, for Bremen-the Eugenia Josepbhine, for Poole-the Kergtine, or Dublin-tbe Wabbo and the Wiliem. for Bel&tA, ROCuR3TER, Dec 26.-Wind, N.W.; fine. Arrived, the lisha, Kendal. from Sunderland-tbe Regalia, fromnh1elds-the Vine; from itddleebomough-the }arl Telbot and the Mary Prlng, both from Newcastle-the Mary EverLtt and the Jane White, both from Hartle- GoTrmrcsino, Dec. 20.-The vessel with whith the london eteamer, which put back here to day, 'was In contat wias the North Sea saeamner, from Itoh for this post. Both were mush Iniured. ASTxvpm 4 Dec. 23.-The AmuphlSrlts, frem Batavia, stranded off Noorrdwyk, on the lith, is a touta wreck., GRAVEND, Dza. 2S. BrM&omiro TnxLRoAPBJ) (Prom Lloyd!'.) Arrived.-The Efiph, from Bordeaux-the Ban, from Botmbay-the Great Britain, from Sydney-the John Bull, from Hamburg. DROeMMIR 26. Akrrve4-The East Angian, from Carlaborg-the Ro, from Guara say-the Willam. and Frank, frem St, Malo-the steamer Holland, from Ostend-the steamer Dolphin, from Hamburg-the steamer Lion, froma Harlitgen. I pin.-WInd W.; tIde, 4 hours' ebb; weather, cloudy. Arrived-The City of Hanburr, from Hamburg. 3 pm_.-Wind, N,E; tide, low water; weather. fine. No arrivals. S lDd,-The bteamer Hanorer, for Otencd-the Trident, for Hambwg. 7a p.n,.-Wlnd, N.W.; Utde, 3i boun' flood; fin.a Arried.-The steamer Triton, from Boalogne-kho Coneston, from MawlUtlr-the Maid of the Kg111, from Smima--the Pearl, from Berbloe-the Prne Etermal, trom Marseilles-The John Clemenkt from Ibrall-the Quickstep, from New York-the Madagacar, from Havanmah-the Lizurla, from Odessa -she Surpri, from Npls-the Almable Vieroe, from Oharente-the Price Christian August, from Ibrall-the Edward Jamee, from Teroeirs-the Rainbow, from notterdaml. DVCExmJ 2S7. *Dp.m-Wind, cilm : tide, nearly low water; hazy. Arrlved.-The steamer Magast, from Rotteraam-the steamer Diana, from Atedbrdam-the steamer Columbine, from Rotterdamth PersTevernce, from Mademblik-the Boos Fide and the Bobert Ingham, from Memel-the Eiza Fox, from Patras. Sailed.-The steamer Pollux, for Hamburg-the steamer Rhine, for Boulogne-the steamer Sir R. Peel, for Duakirk-the steamer Banger, for Amsterdam-the steamer Earl of Aucklnd and the steamsr Nocwle, both for Rotterdam-the steamer Baron os, for Antwemp -the Hermanos Queld.os, for Bllboa. DEAL, Dc. 26. (Br MAoGx=o Txra*owsc. 2a.m.(F Lloylrn Anchored.-The Tanjore, from Leith for Mat&a=& WSaed.-The Berbie the Haamilton, the Casipbeli, the Kidstou, the Bethlsh, the Jewets, aud the Volant, with the greater pert of tho outward-bound, Noon.-Wind, N.W. by N., moderate. Pa .ed-The Elizabeth, from Shields fOr Malaga-tho Cotdeld from Sunderland for Madras. Salied-The Island Qaeen, the Nordstelernen, tbe Venu a, the Anne Xard, the Countes ef Lelcester, the Denna Hill, the HMuy Hill, tha ICd Wilbelmina, with nearly aU the outwerd.bound. 2 jtm,-Wncd, N.W. by N., moderate and hazy. PAEesd.-The Lotus, from London for GlWow-the West Lothian from London for Swansea. Anchored.-The Jane Ann, from the northward for the, weetwad, Pase-The Fuchsia, from the nortbhward for the westward, 7.30 p.m.-Wind, W.N.W., light. Arrived and Paseed.-The Camills, from London for Jamislc, Arrived and Atchored.-The Kortensar from London for Sydney. 8alled.-AU the outward bound, eroept the Gefon, Augsta, and Jesnuette. DEMMtR 2?. 5 p.n.-Wind. N.W., fine. Arrived and Paed.-The Great Britain, from Sydney for Londonthe Lady Bute, from Rangoon for London- the Cal Augst, from Ibrail for London-the Triumphant, from Patnra for London-the Carla, from Odessa for London-tbe Jobun Jullus, from ounique ror London-the alma and Olga, from Callao for London-the O*to, from Shields for Venice-the Snowdrop, from Bhields for Constantino leShe Royal George, from Bhlelds for Allcant-the Humilty, from (Grmeby for Roren-the umbebt tsom theweatward for Lond0nth eEacr.eri4 t,D fro Lon don for Aatdgua-the 8aae, f.rsom London for Melburne-the .Holns. from London for Guernsey-the Laughing Water, from London for Port Phillip-the Jane, from London for hi. Mlhael's-the JKate, from the northward for Plymouth Sailed.-The ICoreneasr the Gafon, the Augusta, and Jeannette with the who!e of the outwad bound. Vsaas SpoX Wr. Tie Emily (Hamburg bark, No. 69). Dec. 1A, in lat. 47 N., long. l9OW. The Terdinand Nlsar, Dec. 14, in lat. 47 N., long. 1 W. An Aerian ark shoinga witeburge wth lueborder and red letters, Ort. 22. in bst. S85., long . 3* W.dr a The Fier, from Liverpool for New Orleans, Nov. 15, offAnr The Old England, of arid for Dublin, Dec. 5I, in lat a W., lh, Tihe Pcket schooner, of Hull, outward hod, Deb.1d InlD t 1A821, The Tweedelde brig, outward bound, Dec. 7, oif BIy. HIGH WLTEIR AT LONDON BRIDGE TIS DAY. MWorning,, .. 8mln. aterUlfeltncoos .. nlmin,fit l
THE CORN TRADE. LIVIEPOOL Dwo. 26. FThO grin trade ha. been Inactive during the, week, and tosy the b"usem paseing 11aa been trIlingu. Prices Ot wheat, flour, and Indi,, coM- each shOw anl imProged itendevcy from the early part of the weekt, and, having a materisl faLllIng off in the srupplies from foreign ports, a Moderate adVance on Pxreent rates is inot improbible. NOTTINGHLII, Dxo. 24. F'at etock continues to be in good dem*nd. At Nottingham on Wednesday, the show of beasts was small. but ot good quality, and the demand proved. actiVe at a slighLt Increae oca the prioess of Lae I week, the puresot quaililtIe yealizing Si. per Btone. Inferior oatth Were uralteredin price. The ahowof sekep wee s*Unlmited,betfully equal to thde dm.asd,and lat week'prioaeswereEasintained.,the best descriptions of muttonirealizIng7Tid. peelb. Prloee:-Boef,7Ta. to Isi. pe atone.; mutton, 7d. tu 714. per lb. At this cora-rowarrt there waea tolot-able show of wheat which met a good demand at anadvArAeeof IsL, good wilitesamples reallrlug l3e. and redfiS. per quarter. BarIlfy In rather improved &arand at folly the quotatIons of lastweek, good uniting samnples realizingUL,and grinding:34s. Oats made lat% week's pete.s. In beans normateria yarlatloc. Prlcei:-Whitewheat, 48e, go 53s. ;. red. 45L, tO dl; mwating barley, 345, to 37s..; grindiag. 20.. to 3ii.; oats, 22s. to 28.. ; beans, 37*. to d0e. I.aEIOESTE, Dxc. 21 The 'weather has been maUd throoghout the week, the yotmg Wheats la all ditricts are looking exoeedingy well; thtir growth has beetn Tely rapid, nothing having Occurred to Impede ItL A. low temperture Would, however, niow dIo good, tA It would operat &as a check. Ther perhaiPs asTer waa a seaso where farming operatIons were carred otn with gtester reglulaIty. The mildness of the seasn has caueed fat-wes to leave their cattle out meeL late this year ; consequently food for stook Is plentiful. The cattle trade Is lees active this week. At Leloeat there was a moderate showof beasts, the demaud for which wras tolerably good at :as wek'srats, he rimet eefmakng d. Der lb. There was a limted shw f saepfo whch hee ws lesin-4nlry,the best mutton maklng7.perlb; bef,dtoTd. ntton6d. to 7d.perilb. At lteleyther wa a ood howof eefof xellent quality,which At Mar-but-Hacborough beef was a good sbovw, both a.reepecs Quality and quantity, and recenit rates were supported. A' thi corn-mairket the show of wheat from the growers was tolerably good, and 5s.L pe quarter was given for good whltesamples ; while red. of fair quality made has. There was rather inore barley at market, the finest samples of walting realzing 38.. per quarter Oats weret irc modeaste suapply, and were not mua oh altered in 'raltne Bears maintained recent rates, Prices: -wheat, w&s to sIe, barley. M2a. to l9e. ; oats, 29& fto 351..; beans, (Is. to 50L pa quarter. Inue floor, la. ascends, 34g. : thIrd, 3ts pe So stone, At KWMel Mlowbray wbeat was In fair supply, and sold at the natcs of lst weeki. slrley without alteration In price. In other amins no ebringe. Wheat, 6Is,to le.;barley. 33..tol7e,; Old.oats,32s,to3I7s,; new, 21.. to 31s. ; old beans, 431. to 13.; new, die, to (Is. pe quarter. At Market Hacborough wheat was In small supply, and. the trade ruled dull at last week's rates. No alteration in other kidnds of grain Old Wheat, 17s. to hlis ; new. fOL.to 53,; old barley, 31L. tolls.,; new, 404.,; old Oats, 24L to 32e. .7new, ls. toe3i,; old bean,s, 44s. to 425. ; new, 3LIe to 42., per quarter, At Athertous wheat wee a tolerable show, old samples reaizing lIe, to 131. ; and new, ZOs Pee bag of thre bushels ; barley, 134 to 17s.; oats, 26.. to 3ie. per quarter. At Hinekley (be averaege were :-Whawt. 49. lId. :barley, 31.. 9d. ; beans, (Ii. id. per quarter. DnRBY, Dxo. go. With almcBt unnProedsntedly mild weather for the seaeon, the young galo Is growing fart, and wheat Is looking as healthy as can be de' aIred.L There Is very little alteration in the prIce of fat stock, At Derby,ou Tuesday, there wAs a tolerable show of beasts, hut the demand was dLul at l&as week's rates, SheeP weze a good show, and It slow request wltbout Y.riatlon In price, the beet mutton making 71d, per lb. At th0 rO,however, c learance was not effected. Beef, ljd to Id ; mutton Td, to Tilb, per lb. At Uttoxeter beef was Ina good supply, and rloe raile from 7d. to 7jd. per lb. At Aahbourn the show of meat was fizst rate, and the demand was good at remunaea. tire prIoex. At Wlrksworth there wa sma eXcellent shOw Of Christmas meat, and good prices were realized. At ths corn-market otn Thursday there wrs a esmal show of wheat, which met withsa limited Inquiry, at last week' priwoes, fins white samples realizing 5I.,. and red 54, per quarter. Barley a tolerable show, andinrather better demand at thepreviounweek'srSatr,o,d malting sorts realizingt d0e, pe quarter. In oats there was not mtjch vuaritIon, Beans wmo unchtanged in vamue. prices, :-Whlte wheat, lI, to7T. ; red 48.. toU 2.; waiting barley, $ILs 60 31.,; grindieg, 32a,to lIe, perI0 aLone ; Oats 26s.to 37s. ;new ditto, 26.. to Go. Per 24 stone; beans, 4Xs to lIe, Perl st one, NORTHAIEPTONf, DEc. 21. Christmas fat stock- this week has been of a very superiot desorp. tion, At DaTentry thle show of beef was good, both as respects quanUtty and quality, and fully the previous week's prices were main. hineS. At Leighton Buzzard beef wAs In exoellent supply, and sold reeduy at good prices. At Pettrhoroughx the 2market was thinly at_ tenied, And prices were mush the sawne as last week, beet qisalties of beef Making T. Id, Per stone. There wast a fair show o sheep and muttOn of thefinest description realized7Td. perl,. Beef, Ta,to Ta.I. Per stone; mutton, 6td. to 7d. pee lb. At thi ooDnmnmarkeet wheat made (is. to 10. pe quarter. Reet samples ofbazley bold for 3. ;otat, 26e,to 7Ts,; beans, 36s. tois4. ; pOas 41L to dli,: malt, 72s. to la. per quarter ; flour, lIe to hiL,pe II stone. At Welllnabotough, wheat was lin moderate supply, and good white samplesmade l2e. ; barley, Ilsto 38L ;ocatg, 25'.to 32 ; bea~s,vk4 to 41..; peas, d0e, to 44s. per quarter. At Darentry wheat seallzed (Ie. teloS , bLrley,l. 2.to 3a..; oats, 3La.to 30s. ;beans, 42& to dLs,; peDas, le to 4Is,Per quartr. At Leighton Bazzard wheat made 29., to 34.. per load. barley, 35.. tolls,; oats, 21.. to 34s, per quarter; bean4 26s.to 31L.; pm.2Ti, to 302..Per load. At Augby, withasfairsfupply, wheat Bolldati k to 21s per bhag;bazley, 3So, Jo ITs. ; oats, 34s, toll8s, per quarter; bean. (old), lkt to 19Ie,; new, 14.. to lIe, pe bae. At Baubry whteat made di. to di. 3d. per bushel ; barley, 30.. to LIe. oats,le 22 o lO s0 per quarter; beans, do. Id. to 5.; Peas, Is. 6d. to So.per bushe, LNO0ILW. Dxc. 26 So long a oontinustion of mild weather was hardly ever remembered at this sewsnof theyare. Vegetation I.bealthy,and reports uniformly agreePAs to the satisfactory appearsuce of the young wheatL. Sat stock Is selling at tolerably good prices. At Llnooln therewas nota ver large=9 show of beasts, but the supply was more than the demand. Good beef sod at Is. pe stone, There we, not A larg shoW of sheep, the best muttont realizing 7jd, per lb. Prices :-Beef, Ti, to Is, per stone; mutton,Bel to 71d. per lb. At Galn.borough there Was a lmiIted show of beef, which for the rmeet part wasxIn excellent qualIty, and sold at the prices of lat weekc. At Boston the show Of meat was exceedingly good, and maintained lastweek's rates. At Spadidag there was an abundant supply of beef of first-rate quality, which was disposed of at the Prices ofl1st week. At maret Rasen there WuAa good show of boasts, and the beef was of avery superiordescrption, At tamford fat stock wag not veryplentefuL, There were some good sheep at market,and both beef and muuttorn were disposed of at late rates, AtLyon al kinds ofgrain wre I lamoderateuDpply, and In fine sam. Pies of wheat a trIfling a dvoanc was obtaned. In barley no change, Other desciptionsa same as lAst week, superior qualltlee of wheat made fromn 47s. tol50L ; seconds, (Is. to 41.. ; barley, ditto, 3Le to 40.; 'econda, l0s. to 3ts.; Oats, s. to 281.; smnall beanp,, dOe tot2i,; large ditto, 31.. to SIc.; hlue Peas-, Ide. to 40,,Der quarter. At Louth the corn trAde ruled languid, at aslight reduction in prices.- the flnest white wrheat sold akt SLee. good red,uIe; inferior ditto. 40.' tO 499.; bartey &Us,to 31..; otats,20s, to 2ie. ; beains, (1s, t-o d5s.per quesiter. At Spalding there was a liberal supply of wheat most of which was of anminerior description, and the best sorts sold at a decline of Is,per quarter. AtUgppingh6m wheat realzed from 41..to52ie.; bar. ley. 34s, to 40..; oats, 21.. toll2..; beans, 42., to 48a per quarter,. At GAinAbDrou3gh wheat Was InA eM fair suPPly, but tho d.emand Was langUid at Prvious quotations.Barley maintained itsvalue, At Newark there wasa larWgesupply of grain, which sold at former rattes, excepting the finest samples, upon which ab little mnore maoney wa realized. iOldwhite whsat, 5deto 56; infeo ditto, 480. to 5Los; Ola d.nd,48.. toSOIL ; inferior ditto, die, to 48a. ; ilting barley, lMg. to 44..; grinding ditto, 36., to lIs. ; old oat., lIt to l6a.; new ditto, 2LOs to 28a.1 Per sa stone; pesas, 44a. to 416..; malt, lOs. to 77s,per quarer, YOR I, DEa. 21 The weathet ha. this weak been ey mimUd. itr the north of the ocunty the young wheat ha. come up remarkably Well, and Is thick. set In the soDil, n the Wesft Riding It is vory forward, but, generally speaking very healthy ;frost would now be beneficial. Outdoor work haa prOgressexDIAremakbly well. Swedee have In many Places yielded exceedinglY well; the croPs of white turnips, however, arelight. At this corn-exchange to-day there was a small supply of wheat, which movyed off at the full prioes of last week, fine while samples making d2e,, and red 5ITs, per 386asone. There was a moderate supply Of barley at, market, and the prices of last week were rather exceeded The best mlting saMPles3seling At 44a. Per quarter, while grinding, of good quality, reLalzd135, Per quarter. Oata sold at the quotations of the pre-liou week. In beans rtbere was no material change. Pat stock Is sellIng at rood priest. At York there was a limlted. show of fat heouts, for which there was a fair demand at about last week's rates, good beeftcmaking TIs, d. per stone. There was a smiall show Of sheep, which met with a ready sale, the pelmest mutton maldng 7id. per lb. Prices :-Beof, 7a. to 7e 3. per stone; mutton Td. to Tjd per lb. For lean stock there was a very limited inquiz7 A-t DalngtoWn beef realized from 6s. 3d to 7a. 9d, per stone ; and mutton, 6d. to Tid. per lb. At Drillield the ahow of beef was very good and the quality excellent ; goo-d price were obtaIned, At Malton meat Wm In excellent supply, and the demand tolerably At this coen-market to-daytherei was a moderate supply, of wheat from the prowers,whIch was disposed of at the quotations of the pro vlOna week, Si.. being given for good white samples, while red of WeI quality made (7i, per quarter. Barley came rather freely to hand, and Priceswes fully equal to last week, good. malting qualities makin Ida PeK quarter. Oats maintained their value. Verylittle change in the price of beans. Ptioes:-Whibe wheat, 5*. to lie. ; red, Mi. to (AIs,; barley, S2., tolls, per quarter. At Wetherby white whet wde. 20 . to 24 ; red, 19., to 1a. Id. per load; barley, 34l to 33s. per quarter; oats, IL to Is. 4d. per stone, At Hoyligham wheat sold at the prloe of last wek. In barle thero Ia no cbhge. Other grain maintained recent prioes White wheat: e to t I..; red, 48r. to 10..; barley, I2g. to 37s. per quarter; oats, Iz per etone. At Stockton-onTees thenr w a faIr show ot whbet, the best samples of whloh sold at lat week's rates; interior sorts ars IowW. Beans were a alow sale and tho turn lower. There was an Improved inquiry for o"t, which were ratber highez. At Gulaborough there was a tolerable show of wheat. which metwItha more active demwd at rather better prices-namely. 12. 6d. to 13. Id per bolL In other desciptions of grain there war no alteratoxi. At Xnareshboough wheat made Isa, week's rates Barley and other grain unohanged in value, Wheat, Ge to 6s 6d. per bushel; barley, OW. to1 S; oas, 2i to 2 per qurter. At Pilcker. ieg the finest samples of whoat ralized an adrance of Is. Middlung srts of barle ware Is. lower. In other grain no chage Wheat (whLlte), LI; red, 53& to 654 perbuabeL At Seihy the wheat trade wai firmer; bualey and ats same as lat week. Wheat 16. to 19J. per load; barley, 28a to 33.; oat., .t o 2is per quarter. At Thlnk the corn tade rled more aoUre, at full prioes. Barley, 3s. d. to 4o 3d.; leans; 6I. 3d. per bushel; aots, IOL to 2ie. d. per quarter. DOXlOASTH%, Dxo. 36, Tbere ha been very little chango In the wather, and Christma% km passed over without the slights indleatlon of aithes frot or sow. To4.ay, howeve, the thermometer has falleo, and the air ha U ltLe aharpusu. In It. The wheA trae has been set dul than o0mwss, as_ havng bee limited, a they hfuenl see in t;he fae of hrt. mu; but bolers haye boeu firm in ton, and the bea whbats hairs o. dergone a rducUon only in those cs ewhere saleg have been pred, In other quallites the tade hs been vy heavy, ard, Indeed, alrnot nominal. Meltng barley ha spported late rates, asltkters contInuIg to urchae bfely aYthing of a uperior chawacter, and gaindlig aorta have bea In far demnd. Loans, oAse, and pega have vaie I aloe Tao -rding to local1 demaod,but generally they have bern der,nned. At to-4y'a market there was nota wary libera show of wheat, btut sefficleni fot tIhe denrand, aotwlthatanding the attendanasc of fair number of buemee Good dry saamPle. oould not be purchased go, anything below the rated of last Week, and holders generally educed no dispostion to preu uales. BEsley in lull supply, but only a few mattilIg siplt ehmsned handasat last week's rates, soinuohoof thi, prain which come, to market btlng $Drouted. Other deseription, of Peidng corn sold in favour of the purohaer. The following awe the current prices :-'Now wheet, 214. to t,.Der load of #,hrois impeda1 bwhbels ;fine, 2ie. to 24s. ; oldi wheat. 1lO. o102. .;f iD, s, to 24s.- blendeorn U4s. to1Os. ; rye, 12s, to i4i 65, n ew beans, 1l7a,tol8Is& old, 18.. to 2O,; poast,14s. toJlg.; new osat, 20,. tD 6Lper qss ter; fine, 30i. toSl,. ; old oats, 28.. to Mse. ;d fne, 32g. toS4A. ; grinding barley, 30.. to 32a.; maItiag barley, 33.. to 35., ; finu; Ms. to 37g. The cattle trade hba ruled lather flat durDug the woepr, and prloe have fallen-insomeinsta.nce,. Hler to-say there wassagood show of beasUts fmoderate qu*lity, and cows and heifers made from a5I1to LIE. Plenty Of pigs, hut. Owing to thle high Prices asked, not manyr changed hands, The supply of Potatoes from the principa growing districts Is rather falling' off, and that brought forward id-day was sol.d readily a-" advanced rates. L3s, to lif, per load of 18 stone beig the quotatIIns. GRANTHAM, Dzo. 26. The weather has been very fine this week, and the youtng wheat, are lgoodtog remaukably healthy. Grain somes to market, horwever, in had condtiloo. As tisb corn-exchange on Thursday there was a maoderate show of wheat, wrhIch sold at the rates of last week, fine white samples realizig Sts.,; red, SOs. per 36 sftone. Barley was In fair supply, and the Seads hued dull without alterationi in value ; good mrelftig qtualities seiling at 40,. Per quarter, and grinding at 32.. per 30 atone. Ther was a fair trAde doing in osats which maintainied Ialt week'ls prices. Beans were lit betktr inoqliy, and about - dear as ladt eek. Prices :-whit, Wheat, S0s, to 54., ; red. 46.. to 50,,; maltingr barley, 3Le to 40s,per Mpraia quater ; grinding, i2i.. to 32L per 30 stone; old oat,, Ms. 0 34s ;new, 24, to i,, pes24 stone: . ei od,4Lt % nw 40.to 42s, per 38 stone ; peas, 40,. to 4k per 36 stnon. CAMBRIDGE. D=026 The weather coontinues unusually mnild for the seasn, and the young wheats are lotking heathy. EAt stock Is not very Plentiful. At St. Ive's the supply, though small, met with a good demand, good beef reftlizing 2.. pe 141b. Thber wgasan1average suPPlY0zOfstoebe2sts, but the seade rled dull Milk. Incgcows unchanged inx value, There was not a large supply of far sheep, and goo-d mutton sold at 5sr. 4d. per Slb. P1rices :-Seef, s8. Sd, toOs p& er stone; mnutton, IL to s. 4d. per Sib. At My theehow Of beef wAr exceedingly good, at late prices The muttgon exhibited wt.,t Of very eurerlor quality. At this corn-market there war a fair show of wheak, and good sample,i ot white sold at 32... rod mating 48,. per quarter. Barley of fine quality reallzed 42. There wa,not much change uIb terdewcriptte a Of grain. Prires :-Whlto wheat, 49., to STs,; red, 4fs. to 48e.: barley, 34, to 42..; oatle, 322, to 2; beaus, 31.. to 36g. ; peaso, 38,. to 4s per quarter. At Rolston Wheat was in faIr suPPly, and In better inquiry, a, rathertmore moneythan lest week, Barley was also inbettor,deman;d, At a slight adv-anc. In other sots of ramin there was no variaton Whe,at, 2I.. to his, per load ; barley 32. to 41& ; oats, lO. no 30i: per qbuarer .rAt St. Nead's wheat sold at the quotations of hasi week, 'Barley Was unalterad In value, Oats maintaned late rates, Whact, 27.. t, 3kLperlnlod; barley,U 30. 140g; 06ts,22. tO U&; Pea., 40L to 42L.; heans, 37s. to 45.. Der quarte. OHELT8JORtD, Dxc 34, The Imarket being held out of its usual cours, 4on accout of Ohbstmt mae,~ was thinly attended, and the supply Of wheat waw ebort. It was ample, however. fOr the demands of the mniers, and there was ery little busalne' done, with white at SOs to 5sO., and red at 4,, to i2.. In barley and other grain there was no altertion. In the other marketa of the county the busInets done has bee at lat week's quotatlons, with a dull trade, At Ipswicht the prioB of wheat remained unaltered;: barley wasladeae. At Bury ordinary qualitties of wheat were difficult of esae. Malt was lower, and both beans and peass could be bought below the rates of Isat week. At Fye the Prima of wheat declined, ROORESTSM, Drc. 26. The improved foeelig observable in the wheat trade lag, week ha, been fully maintained, but the trade in this locality ha, undergoe no maiterial change. Holders continue to be firm en refusing anY reduction, and the maarkets haveo been welt supplid with all kinds Of grain. At this corn-exchange the stand were liberally fmurished with samples, a great many Of whichL were in excellent conditlion For good heavy FarcelsofEnglish wheast the pricer of the formaer week were fully maintained, but miller. snd holder, appeared Inadisposed to operate to anYIsg extent, and contented themselves wiJth sxtisfyng theirjammo. diste aemands. In some instantoer choIce samples made a slight ad. vsnce Foreign held firm at previous rates, with a steady demand. The supply of both kinds of barley wa, moderate, hut prices remained unchanged, Oats were dull, and met with few inquiries, at prices slightly In favour of buyers. Beans and peas realized formeer rater. The following are our quatatloas ;-Wlrlto wheat, ntew, 80,. to 52s.; fIne, 54s.; ned wheat, niew, 46.. to 48s. ; fine, Sos.: foreign,. 62.. to 56..; matn aly 6.t 0 gidn aly 0.t 1 oats, new, 122.. to 2Se.; old oats, SU. ; beans, 4Is, to tii. ; peas, 43s. to 44s. Flour experienoed no alteration, Al nerlyaKU tne local L.Arkete the late depreeeon in the trado Is subsiding, and Prima are taking a turai in favour of thLe seller. The markets of the past work, however, have been very dull, owing to the near approach of Christmna. This was the care at tliafstone on Thursday, where but a very moderate amount of haziness war done at about 1s. Per quarter more moneY, white wheat making Si,, and red. 49%; barley was altogether neglected. At DarLfoed to-day a ris of about IL. was established, with a quiet consumptive demand. At Canterbury mairket thIs day primas were unaltered, farmers ceceking any reductoion,At Orasbrook, onL Wednesday, former prices were barely maintained, and the tone of the market was In favour of the miller; busines, was exceedingly dull. At croydon there Was some actIvIty in the trade, but prioa remained Scm, At Belgate husinees Was almost at a sftandstill. at prices nominally the same. BEADING, Dxc. 26. The Season baa continued milld, and Christmase-day we, the inost genia And sPring-like ever known at ttlis time of the year. In some quWartr the wheat is getting what Is termed " Proud,' and unless wo &hortly hakve frosts to check its rapid growth we shall dund that the crop wlll susain serious and Irrepaable Injury at a later stage ot thLe winter. The cattle-mnarkets thig weekt hive generally been supplied en a short scate. Trade has ruled dull, with a slightly downward tendency in PriCes. Bee has been Felling at 4. 4d1, to IL, it, San. in enMe tnstanmea, Sm ; mutton, 4s. 64. to Se. 4d.; and vea, 4s. 6d, to 55, The, Price Of fat pigs3 has been latel ver much reduced. Porkcers and hogs ofifght welghtDedll at Os, to 9s. 3d., and heavy fat hogs hee,,6d. per score The corn-market to-day immediately succeedig Christmaps did nog Preset the usual scene of inLtense actvity. There was, however, a tolerably goo show of wheat, but many of the customary vistors were absent. Immediately On the market opening seller, sought to obtain an advance on formaer prices, but they were not successful. The roslren were not anxious to buy largely, owing in the continued depression in the London imarket for flour, and, therefore, their demands were confined to what was required to meet the Immediate wents ot their customers There was certainly a heaviness in ther trabde at the folowring pricess -whitte wheat, best sorts, 13.. to 5sir,; vecodary 48s. to file.; and latferlor, 40,, to 4i..Red wheat, best, parcels 52., to 56,.; secon.dary, 48. to 62L; and inferIor, 40s, to 41g. In the bartley-market there was a fair show of samples, and some of remarkably fine quality, Some of these inod with a ready sale, and an improvement of about IL, per quxarter was effected. The ordinary rflms of maltuin barley, howevrer, did not alter in value. For distilling Parcels the trade appeared extremely quiet, and in fact little business was done. Grinding descriptions appeared to be in little reQues, anid no variation in rrles occured, The begt mnalting parcel, sold at 3is. to 43a.; distiUllng, 35t. to 37s.,; and grinding, 20s. to 34e, The stands were scantily supplied with otat, hut there wer some veM fine qVualties on offer. But little animatioa war perceptible. and the sales effeced were on the following terms :-Old Poland oats,, 2e. to 31s.; new, 26.. to 2S. ; Tartay, old, 22a. to 24r,:nuew, its. 10 22g. The trade inx beans ruled dull, and it was with dIfficulty hat work's rates ounld be maintained. Old bean, sold at 47s. to Si.., and new at 43s, to 47s. Peas moved off slowly at 40,,to 43,for grinding qualeite, and at 45.. to SOs for white boiling sort,, Flour Is stil a dull trade, and primas ire--houreholds, 43e., ; seconds, 3Os. per rack of 281b. In the eArl:y part of the week coma of the country mnsrketa showed a little sign Of immprovment, but It could nut be maintained. At Abingdon, on Monday, there was a good quantity of wheat on Sale, and bret qualities exchanged hands at a slight improvement In price,On Tuesday. at Didoot, sales In wheat were readily effected at last week's raise. Ox Wednesday, at Hungeorfed, the coDrn trade was dull, and prics were much the same as last week. At Rasluggtoke on the meas di,y there was an average quantity of wheat, but trade ruled, dull, and former quotations scarcly alt4,red, At Wantage also, 'Ou that day, there was a largs supply of wheat, and in scea instance, a little rmore oney was obtrinedl. on Thursday, at Nfewbury, the show of wheat was unuruzlly Utaited ; the bert. samPles maintained Previous rates, but Interior could Only be disposed Of at a,redaction of I,, Best barley wasasu dear sas previonsly, but other qualities dwolinc-I. Is. At Wallingford. on the same day (in consequence of Christmas occurrinig on PrldAY),trade was extremely heavy. sod there wiz a downward tendency in price. At Henley-on-Thames, Otn that day, there wag a fair show of wheat, but there was no disposilion to buy unless at lower rates
[Advartisement.]-The new sAoM, " Orphans" by the &utbor of "Masgattt Mjjtt&nd", is now ready,J In 1Vol., ptIce lie. Sd. "A very chamnng gtcry ; the p!oductoouo( a gifted write." - 8un. Also, juzt publIsed, "A. Womau'a Thoughts about Women * by the authto- of "1Johln HalIfax," 1 VOL. 10. 6d. " The Lsd Gitnne,I"9 the author ot "-Meganet' an e rdora, or vo 2. taleis SU but absolutely fssclnMat1ng."'-Gldbe,-o.. C*t Ily the author of " Mr. Axle," 3 yole " A.oe DoT0f greet power and SttSctIOth"-.Measgtr. " Clars elteater"' by Captain 0. de Is Foor ereeford, 3 vol, "Adele," by julia 1lzvanb,author of "lNS' thafle," &P- 3Tols. Just reaidy. IluusetandBlA~Estt,publishers, 13~. &ti-Malborugbh4kest. [Advertisement.}..A Gift Book for al es&U -~as Past's Woeka COMPlete, In tWO larg TOILe, elegantly bound. ptice 25&. 'o t teOriginal text by Bamuel Pheile Eaq., of stte "a'hffetl-welik"In our opinon no one canedit Bha'a. Mewiehatuoicient feeling of the uipoae ofbhislangmage who isito' wel, 3 dramatist &Ad aceustoml o6%h use of oral language."- Weekly DlDee. 114m 18K6 Etez purobsier (etbte, of pante cc 'olumee) ma)y reoei,e a proof impreeston of Eaugnlet's portait etdMr. Ph 8ii Inhe ) l or a splendid steel engraving Ot the hone In re eebor Io ichs b l).London, Willooghbraul tAtIemet.]~Grt¶s-DobIemap of Azb. On' Sunaynex~ an.S*a klybeautiUl coloured double Mtap of AsA& wil b gienwit echcopy c the "1Dispotch." And a 0OLoutedvasa wil b ite eer w kgats.totem hemostNa k and asOf.j atls eer ublshe. he ee~uyasreofthe a nls s kept oemetali o gle,sotht hework tay be radet coarmpl frm the eommeuemth ata~ Ve~ ndit te perfect coomtasoe Oat the putchasr. Ay uapotthe aelesea be had wtith the uewrwa rfo the Citrot eeker IthasyCop ae ou ofprut. The Prk*ive0 the " Disliah"suataepd 0 -stm~4 t g ieeby Dow~ 64 The friday tenng diton a~serctue inlbsmoat duisbmt parts of the -sb &Kdm"Dped boka atenowreay,prie 3. d..4.. ad uwud Ordn eritabi alluee.eene, udhomne I3. iet-eret.LOrVion.
FOREIGN INTELLIGgv' FRAUNCE. (FOM OUP OWN CORRMPUN,.) [A portion of the followiug appeared i our -cond edition lD Sturdav.-7 PARIIS, FRIDAY, DE,- 23, 6 p.Y. A letter from Naples of the 19th its, . announces that the seconds of Oount Oattauco, W h.o NVas killed in a duel with Captain Froidefont, f ;he Guides, have received notice not to return t NX.pkes, where principals and secouds in a duiel are pauiished by hard labour at the galleys. It may be recollected that the duel was foutght in the Wooti of Vincennes. It is said that Count Cattaneo, beisig tue party iasulted, had the choice of weaponls, ansd selected pistols, but at the suggestion of Captain Froidefont's seconds accepted aivords. A private telegram received in Ptris this morning from Lisbon announces that the epidemic which had so long prevailed there had ce.tu.d-that is, that no fresh case of fever had dtclared itself for some days. The affair of the Presse newspaper calne on yesterday before the Tribunal of C.rrvctional Police. M. Rouy, reepousible editor (yo&rmd) of the journal, called on the tribunal to declare ti3at N1 Mlillaud, and what is called the council of interr..ted parties, had not the right, by the statutes of the company to which the paper belongs, to diiu,iss him frorn his place, as they wanted to do, the whole body of shareholders alone possessing such pow*-r. He also called on the tribunal to dismiss all action which M4. MiUaud had brought against hur to recover 200,000f. damages for the wrong donie to the sbareholders of the Presse by his allowing an article of such an objectionable character to be inserted that the Government had suspend.d the journal for two months. M. Rouy based this demiiand on the ground that he had not considered the article calculated to call down the disapprobation of the Government, and that, besides, suspension is a consequence of the risks which new.papers now have to run. On the part of the counjcil of shareholders, it was contended that they, in conjunction with M Millaud, had, by article 1,856 of the Civil Code, the power of dismissing M. Rouy, and also that he ought to be made to pay 200,000f. damages for having caused the suspension of the Presse. M. Ilillaud maintained that as he had purchased 40 of the 100 shares of the Presse from MI. de Girardin for 825,000f., he had therefore become commercial manager and principal editor of the jonrnal, and that, consequently, M. Rouy was labouring under a great hallucination in Bup. posing that he (AL Millatd) had not the power to dismiss him. He aliso demanded the conderanation of M. Rouy to 200,000f. damages. The tribunal announced that it would deliver judgment on Monday. This being Christmas-day the Bourse and all the public offices are closed. SATURDAY, DEC. 26, 6 P.Y. The weather in Paris has been so mild for some time past as to oceasion some anxiety lest the vegetation, which is prematurely appearing, should be nipped by the cold which will, no doubt, succeed the present spring-like softness. Yesterday the thermometer was some degrees above temperate, and it being Christmas-day the streets and public thoroughfares were crowded. The Avenue de I'Impfratrice and the Champs Elysees were thronged with gay equipages, and indeed vehicles of every description. The great mass of foot passengers, however, was to be found on the Boulevards, where the stalls of the petty dealers in hardwire line the way and contrast strongly with the shops, which are at this moment stocked with therich articles expressly fabricated for the season. In some of these uncouthlooking booths the wares may be had at one sou each. Others are more ambitious, and display toys of various descriptions suited to children from the tenderest age up to 12 or 14, porcelain vases and ornamlents, glass, bonbons, cheap mercery and haberdashery, tbiny writing desks and portfolios, stationery more variegated in colour than the rainbow, or bordered with roses and lilies, plaster of Paris busts and statuettes imitating bronze, artificlal flowers, fruits real and artificial, clay effigies of ancient and modern worthibs-Circassia4s and Calmucks, Julius Cesars with pipes in their mouths, Hannibals in Cossack trousers and boots and (presumed) Carthaginian helmets, Jupiters and his roue colleagues of OlIympus, some turning round rapidly, others standing still and looking you straight in the face, young Master Tell with the, apple on his head, all made the objects of the archery of young gentlemen in jackets and blouses who have a few sous to throw away ; these, with the popular red balloons for children form the staple of this fair, and tempt the Parisian lounger. Throughout; the line of the Boulevards there is hardly a space without its stall, some of the rudest description, others of more careful construction, and the vacant spots are actively closed up. The %vhole day the side paths were thronged, and as the fog which prevailed in the morning cleared off as the evening approached the crowd was so dense at one moment as to occasion temporary stoppages, but order and good humour were not for a moment suspended. At night the theatres were filled. This day there is nearly the same concourse of people, and though the fog still hangs over the city the weather continues mild, to the great satisfaction of the proprietors of booths. I am assured that permission has been given for the whole of the exiled Generals to return to France without condition of any kind. This is said to be owing to the interference of Marshal Peliesier, who represented to the Emperor that it would be injudicious to make an exception in favour of any individual, but that all should alike participate in the favour. M. Charles Lagrange, the well-known Red Republican, has Just died at the Hague after a long and painful illness. He, it will be remembered, played a leading part in the insurrections at Lyons in the reign of King Louis Philippe, and it is believed that it was he who, in the events of February, 1848, fired the pistol oII the Boulevard des Capucines which led to tho killing of a number of people by the soldiers, which act, it may be remembered, precipitated the revolution, the dead having been placed on carts and paraded on the Boulevards amidst cries of " Vengeance !" When the Republic was established he was elected to the Constituent Assembly, and was subsequently returned by the 12th arrondissement of Paris to the Legislative Assembly. After the coup d'9tat of December, 1851, he was exiled, and remained in ex;ile to his death. 'i. Cauvain, barrister at the Imperial Court of Paris, has been appointed by the Minister of State one of the barriBters of the civil list and of the household of the Emperor. Ani official return published by the Post-office shows that the number of letters distributed in France, which in 1847 wes only 127,480,000, had increased in 1856 to 251,997,700, exclusive of 2,867,904 wbich remained in the de9d-letter office, in consequence of defective or illegible addresses. The number has therefore more than doubled since the postal reform. The amount of postage on letters received in 1856 was 50,381,392f. ; on journals and other printed papers, 3,683,033f. ; on articles of silver, 1,766,705f., making a total of 65,831,130E. The expenses amounted to 36,337,000E., leaving a profit of~ 19,494,130f. to the Treasury. The total number of agents employed by the Post-office is 25,815. Lola Montes has arrived at Havre from America by the steam-packet Fulton. A letter froin Agram, in Croatia, of the 21st inst. mentions that a severe shock of an earthquake was experienced there at 22 minutes past 5 the previous morming. The undulating motion took a direction from south-east to north-west, and continued at intervals for a considerable time. The noise heard at the first shook had a rolling metallic sound, and it continued after the motion had ceased. The effect produced was similar to that of a heavy carriaae passing quickly over a rough pavement. The intensity of the sound increased with the force of the oscillations. The Three per Cents closed to-day at 67f. 85c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-half per Cents at 92f. 25c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,357f. 50c.; Great Northern, 950f. ; Strasburg, 677f. 50c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 860f.; Western of France, 675f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 547f. 60c. ; Great Central of France, 648f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 685f. ; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 812f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 722f. 50c.; Roman Railways, 490f.; Russian Railways, 505f. Cours A knubLue.-i lb. )ecuee 26.-Cash Prloes. -Four-and.a-HElf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 Jeats), Dc. 50c. 25c.; Trhree per Cents., 67f. 40c. 50c. 70c. O Bn Fr,.nee, 3,1602. ditto (S26'. paid), 3,150f., Credit Foasler, f80r s75f. 570f. ; ditto, )bligations of foO., Four per Cents., 42Sf. 4L7f. soc.; ditto, Three per Cents, 400f.; Jitto, Tenths, Four per (h.ents., 88f. 75c. - ffitto, Tenths, Thrs0 per Ceuts., 78f, 75,; Crzidit Mobller, 790f. 795f. 800f. 805f. 8101. 815f. ; Discount Bank, 6801.; Piedmontese Five por Cents., 90Y.; ditto, Tbree per Cent., 53f. 250.; Belgian Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents., 97i; Romans, 86.t; Spanish Three per Cents., Exterior Debt, 41.; ditto, Interior, 375 Exobange on London, at sight, pper, 25f. 25c.; money, 26f 27io.; tbree montha, paper, 241. 721c,; money 24t. 70c. TURKEY. (FBEO oun1 ow1 CO BRsr8oNDn.) CONSTANTINOPLE, DEc. 16. I wrote to you lately about the ehange of Russian policy in the Caucasus, and about the complaints of Turks and Circassians of the impedimrents and restrictions thrown by the Russians in the way o? commerce ou the Circassian coast. I send you to-day a petition which has lately arrived from those parts, signed by ten of the most prominent Circassian chiefs, demanding the intervention of the European Powers to carry out the provisions of the Treaty of Paris with respect to the liberty and neutrality of the Black Sea. There are six originals in Turkish, for each of the Powers, with the exception of Russia; one has been already deposited with the Turkish Government, and the others have been sent oft to Europe. In spite of the watchfulness of 15 Russian cruisers, the communication of the mountain tribes with Stamboul has not been interrupted, and there is news from them up to the end of October. The chief points relate to a daily-growing understanding among the tribes, who hold meetings and have each elected a member for a kind of Council, at whose head is Sefer Pasha. There has been some desultory fighting, as usual, on the spurs of the Caucasus, towards the Kuban river, and frequent descents of the Russians at different points of the coast to seize Turkish coasters. The mere remarkable among these are one some time ago at Ghelendjik and another lately at Tuabs, in both of which the Russians are said to have hoisted the British flag and put fez caps on the heads of their soldiers to deceive the mountaineers and make them believe that they were English vessels with Turkish soldiers. They killed at Tuabs 14 Turkish merchants and carried off a quantityof gunpowder, but inreturningto the cruiser a boat with 80 soldiers and a gun blew up. There is an intention to send a copy of the protest likewise to the Congress of Paris. The most remarkable thing connected with this document is the information which seems to exist about what iB going on in Europe. As there has been a cor. respondence about the restrictions imposed by the Russian Government on the trade of the Circassian coast, this protest of the Circasslans, in which they promise to help instead of opposing themselves to the establishment of sanitary and maritime police regulations, and ask even for the establishment of Consulates on the coast, will afford an opportunity for answering the Russian arguments for curtailing the Treaty of Paris. All the Oircassians want is to have freedom of commerce on the Black Sea; as for the land side, they will take care of it themselves. The following is the petition:- " Mazga Kaleb, 3d Reb ul Evel, 1274 (21st October, 1857). "At the time of the peace of Adrianople the Czar of Russia demanded from the Sultan the coasts of Circassia or the Black Sea, and he obtained them; and yet neither had the Russians a claim to this coamt, nor could the SultarL make the cession of Circassla, over which he possessed only a religious suzeraintM. "We Circassians have nre.or recognized this arbitrary cession made by the Treaty of Adrianople, and Russia succeeded only after some desperate fighting in occupying some points on our coast. "1 When the war of 1853 broke out between the Turks and Russians, just at the moment when the comblned fleet entered the Bosphoras, the Russians withdrew from our territory and destroyed the fortifications which they had held. "In defiance of the neutrality of the Black Sea ests blished by the Treaty of Paris, the Russian Government prohibits navigation on out coasts, under the pretext thas 'we Circassians are opposed to the organization of a maritime police and of sanitary regulations. " Considering that Arts. 11 and 12 of the Treaty of Paris forbid hostilities In the Black Sea, and declare commerce free and the Circassian ports open to all nations, we beg of your Excellency to insist on this right, and to use your inflnence with the Russian Government in order thBt the said treaty shall in future be maintained in full force. " As regards the organization of a maritime and sanitary police, we pledge ourselves to establish and to maintain it according to European usages. " Lastly, we beg of your ExceUency to sene Consuls to our ports, who should uphold the interests of their country. men and assist us with their advice, showing us the 'ways of civilization as they exist in the European States " Recommending our just cause to the kind support of your Excellency, " We have the honour," &c. Lord Stratford left here, as he proposed, on Saturday, the 12th inst., for Trieste, on his way to England. The Turkish Government had placed a special war steamer at his disposal, which was not accepted, and the Ambassador left in the Austrian Lloyd's steamer Jupiter. He even wished that the customary salute of 19 guns should be dispensed 'with. Her Majesty's ship Medina, Captain Spratt, left this morning for Malta. AUSTRIA. ("oxM OURE OWN 0OEEZSPO11DET.) VIENNA, DEc. 22. The States lying on the Danube (Turkey,Austria, Bavaria, and Wurtemberg) positively deny the right of the Paris Conference either to revise or to confirmn their Convention relative to the free naviaation of the Danube. After a careful perusal of that part of the Vienna Congress Act which refers to the navigation of rivers that separate or traverse different States, and of paragraphs 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19 of the Treaty of March, 1856, it appears to me that the Convention not long since concluded by the above-mentioned river-bordering States will not, if it is in strict keeping with the regulations which in 1815 were made by the EuropeAn Powers for the free navigation of "conventional" rivers, require the sanction of the Paris Conference. In the Vienna Act of Congress it is said that the Riverain Governments are to sanction the regulations drawn up by a Commission formed of their Representatives, and there is no passage in the Paris Treaty which in any way tends to invalidate that stipulation. On the 31sat of March, 1831, the Riverain States of the Rhine-Baden, Bavaria, France, HesseDarmstadt, Nassau, the kingdom of the Netherlands, and Prussia-signed a Convention at Mayence " for the navigation of the Rhine in general," which was based on the 32 Articles of the Vienna Act of Congress concerning the navigation of that river. The first Article of the Mayence Convention was copied literally from the Vienna Act of Congress, and runs as follows - "The navigation along the whole course of the Rhine, from the point at which it becomes navigable down to the sea,-as well with as against the stream,-shall be entirely free, and cannot in respect to commerce be prohibited (etre interdite) to any one conforming to the regulations of the police for the maintenance of publio security, and to the stipulations contained in the present regulation (r?gie7nent.)" There are no fewer than 1.09 articles in the Mayence Treaty, but In neither of them is it said that the right of cabolage (coasting trade) is not to be enjoyed by aon-Riverain States. Now, the Convention which was signed here a few weeks since reserves to the Riverian States the right of cabotage, and this reservation appears to me to be a violation of that article of the Vienna Act of Congress which says, "that the navigation of rivers which separate or traverse different States shall not be prohibited to any one." It is urged that French, English, or Russian merchants may enjoy the right of cabotcge by entering into partnership with the subjects of any of the Riverain Powvers; but an international question of the highest importance is at issue, and the European Powers are hound to maintain intact the principle of the free navigation of the Danube. The contents of the Convention signed by the Danubian States have not only been carefully kept from the knowledge of the writers for the press, but they have not even been officially communicated to the European Powers. A person who has had an opportunity of reading the numerous protocols of the Riverain Commission states that the Austrian Commissioner displayed the greatest possible liberality " except in the matter of cabotage." The dues to be levied on vessels passiDg up and down the river are very trifling, and the " non-Riverain" are to pay no more than the river-bordering States. Great complaints are made of the " indolence " of the Commission for the Regulation of the Lower Danube, and they must be well founded, for it is a notorious fact that its members have not yet decided which arm of the river is to be made properly navigable. The Commissioners, if left to Wlwm4elves, would probably have been able to come to an understanding with little difficulty; but some engineers were sent to their assistance, and each ot those gentlemen was so greatly pleased with his own plan that he oould discover nothing to praise in those of his colleagues. The Commission has now been assembled a year and a half, and it might perhaps be well if some member were, when Parliament again meets, to inquire of Her Majerty's Government whether the task of the gentlemen at Galatz is likely to be finished within two years, the time stipulated in the Treaty of March, 1856. We learn from Hanover that the European Powers are about to make an energetic attempt to get rid of the Stade duties. England ir, wiling to pay some indemnification, but the Wat,hington Government is not unlikely to act as it did towardr Denmark a few months before the Sound Dues, were abolished. The Hanoverian Cabinet is extremely unwilling to emancipate the l'be, but it would do well to treat at once with the European Governments, for all of them are heartily tired of paying a tax which, if strict justice had been done, would have been abolished in 1815. The Berlin correspondents of the Frankfort and Vienna papers continue to affirm that Count Bille Brahe endeavoured "to open negotiations" between the Danish Government and the Bund, but I hear on good authority that he has not been at Frankfort recently. For a time nothing more is likely to be heard of the Hlolstein question, as the Bund will have no sitting until the 7th or 14th of January. From the Polish frontiers the Vienna Presse learns that Rome was represented neither at the coronation of the Emperor Alexander If. nor of his late father. In 1826 the carriage of Monsignore Bernetti, the Papal Nuncio, broke down, and he managed to arrive after the coronation was over. In 1856 no pains were taken to save appearances, forMonsicrnore Chigi did not quit Rome until it had become impossible for him to reach Moscow in time for the ceremony. It is whispered that there will be another and more important reduction of the Austrian army in the spring of 18a8, if no new clonds should appear in the political horizon. The conviction that the Credit Bank must realize a large sum of money by the sale of the preference shares of the Theiss and Western Railroads has led to a very considerable advance in the price of the shares of that institution. A few days since Credit Bank shares were hardly to be disposed of at 190, and to-day they are in great request at 207. A joint-stock company has been formed at Verona and Milan, with a capital of six millions of lire (200,0001.), for making advances to sik spinners, dealers, and brokers. Two-thirds of its value will be advanced on all silk deposited. The company is to receive 6 per cent. per annum, and 11 per cent. provision every three months. This has been a March rather than a December day, for there has been a fresh wind with alternate rain and sunshine. The thermometer (Fahrenheit's scale) was at 52.25 at noon.
IRBLAND. (FROM OIM OWN CO RSPONDEWT.1 DUBIN, SATURDAY MORKNIG. THE GREAT SLANDER CASE. The evidence for the defence has at length closed, and the wearied public are respited from the flood of talk until Monday next, when the campaign will be reopened by the speeches of Messrs. Armstrong and M'Donough on the part of their separate clients. The " beginning of the end" of some sweeping change in the conduct of business in the Irish lawcourts by which public time will be economized is not indistinctly predicted in the following conversation, which ensued before the rising of the Court on Wednesday:- "Some of the jurors said they would prefer sitting on the day before Christmas, if the case could be finished by that means. "M Mr. Wnrx.siDz observed that the remaining evidence in the case might be disposed of in another day, and then there could be an adjournment for the concluding speeches. "M Mr. M'Do?eouGH expressed a hope that the adjourn. ment would be arranged so that one of the two speeches would not be made before arnd the other after it. "The Cmnr BARoN sald he would take care to deal fairly with the parties in that respect. "A Juror.-The only injured parties in the entire are the jury. I think If the supplies were stopped there soon would an end of the case." THE IRISH SEPOYS. The Irish Sepoy gazettes are reduced to the lowest depths of despair by the harrowing intelligence of the safety of the garrison of Lucknow. There is, however, some " balm in Gilead," and one of those faithful exponents of public feeling (the Kilkenrny Journal) consoles itself with the reflection that though "the white plumes are now dencing over many a homestead in England and Ireland," yet " but a little while, and we shall see the hearse and the corpse, and hear the groans of broken hearts." " As for the struggle itself," devoutly adds the sympathetic organ, " may God defend the right !" In connexion with the affairs of India, the Rev. Dr. Cahill, in one of his weekly epistles to the Premier, states that he (Dr. Cahill) has been favoured with the correspondence of a nobleman, Lord Palmerston's " equal in station and talent," who has assured the doctor that the Cabinet will immediately redress the grievances of the Catholics in the East, and that the Queen's Government meant to put an end to "the sectarianism which in that country maligns the faith, insults the soldiery, punishes the children, persecutes the priest, and robs the aspirant to military promotion of his just merit of his hardearned rewards." It is but only fair to mention that Dr. Cahill, whatever may be his politics and reltgious failings, has at all times fearlessly denounced the atrocities of the Sepoys as placing them beyond the pale of all hutmant sympathy. TH1E TRADE OF nEI,FAST. The Banner of Ulster says:- '" It is certain that the annual return of shipping regis. tered as belonging to this port (including the outports), which will shortly be published, will show a falling-off both in the nunaber of vessels and the amount of tonnage as compared with the return for 1856, which, it wiU be remembered, was considerably below that for 1855. This gradual decrease in our 'f loating capital' is not easily accounted for when viewed in connexion with the steady Increase of the import and export trade of Belfast in its various departments-foreign, colonial, coasting, and cross. channel." With respect to the other branches of trade in the north, the Belfast commercial letter of the Derrsy Standard reports as follows:- " The linen manufacture, our national enterprise, seems to have b,en suddenly shocked, but hopes are well founded that the worst has passed off, and that the trade of the masses wil soon be satisfactory. Stocks of goods have got up to a lrge anonnt. Sales for the home as well as the foreign market have been dull during the last three months, and the year will close with accumulations in the hands of the spinners and linen manufacturers only slightly inferior in bulk to those held at the end of 1854. The cotton trade atUl holds fast by the extreme of dulness. The sale of that large class of plain goods so largely taken by sewed-muslin houses has been quite blocked up since the dreadful tumult in the house of Macdonald and Co. Buyers fear to purchase goods whUe the anticipation of the peremptory sale of the extensive stock known to be held by that firm hangs over the market. Sewed-muslinL houses, which would now be doing a fair trade, are kept in check by the same cause; and thus the poor workers go about idle, and employment is all but unattainable, because of the suspension of the firm that attempted to monopolize the entire trade."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Ini your report of the proceedings against G. N. Hoskizgs, who was convicted at the Middleeex Sessions on Monday last for embezzling moneys to about 3001., the property of his employer, Mr. W. H. Gardner. a surgeon in extensive practice in London, you set out fully the address made by the prisoner's counsel, vhich conlained assertions entirely without foundation, and which were never at. tempted to be proved, and you did not set out the state. ment made by Mr. Gardner (iu reply to questions by the Court;), contradlctng, as it did, nearly the whole of those We will not trouble you with the foul particulars of the case, but must ask you to correct the report on two or three points. It is stated that the prisoner's counsel challenged the pro. duction of any betting-book found in the prisoner's posses. sion; but It is not stated, as the fact was, that the betting. bhoks so found were immediately produced in court. It was stated by the prisoner's counsel that the prosecutor had two practices, and that the prisofrer had the entire control of one of them. This is the very reverse of the fact. The prosecutor has only one practice, wbich he attends to entirely, and he has a dispensary to which he goes daily, and the prisoner's duty was to dispense medicines there and to visit patients only on an emergency. The statement that the prisoner had the entire charge of first-class patients is only a specimen of the "license of counsel," or of mis. statements on the part of those who instructed him. The assertions of the prisoner's counsel were evidently maade to prejudice the judge, byinsinuatingthatthe prisoner held a responsible post at a small salary, and was harshly dealt with by the prosecutor. Had the case been gone into it would have appeared that the prosecutor had treated the prisoner with great kindness and lenity, and that he abstained from bringing forward other charges of a graver nature at the earnest entreaties of the prisoner and his iriends. We are, Slr vour obedient earvanta. IMILLER AND HORNS 7, St, hArt, z5oflCitors for Mr. Gordner, the prosecutor, 7 . ain's-p1ace, TrifrjIgar.squaxe, Dec. 23,
WINTER ASIZZES. NORTHRRN MTRCIrTT. NEWCASTIX-ON-TYNE, DzE. 2. tBeforc Mtr. JuStice CROOIPTON.) Iavino Liepolitz was indicted for maliciously setting ire to his dwelling-house with intent to defraud the Phmenx Insurance Company. There were other counts in the indictment, including one for the capital offence of firing a dwelling-house, some persons being therein. The Hon. A. LiddeD, Mr. Davi=on, and Mr. BlackweU for the prosecution; Mr. Digby Seymour defended the prisoner. Mr. Liddell stated the came at some length. The prisoner came to reside in Newcastle in Febrnary last, and took a small house and shop in Buckinham-street, where he and hls son carried on, In a small way, the business of a pawnbroker. Shortly after entering into possePSion the prisoner effected an insurance with the Phcenix Insurance Company for 8001. On the 5th of July lasthe prisoner was seen in Houndsditch, London, where he called upon a waterproof manufacturernamed Kauffmnan. After observing that the trade of a pawnbroker was very bad, and he wished to start as a waterproof manufacturer, Mr. Koffman informed him that he must provlde himself with a stock of naphtha, for the purpose of dissolving the indtarubber, The prioner bought 4 gUons of naphtua, which was put in a srge bottle and packed in a box of Mr. Kauffman's, and sent by sea to the prisoner's address at Newcastle. This box was subsequently found in the prisoner's house. The prisoner's business would be shown to have been of the very poorest doecription, the goods being of the oommonest oharacter; and on the part of the prosecution it was suggested that the whole stock in trade wras comparatively valueless, and the insurance for 8001. was effected for the sole purpose of defrauding the company. An old feather-bed smeuing strongly of naphtha was seen on the floor of the shop a few days before the fire. When the fire broke out it was shown to have burst out in different places, and the moment an alarm was given the prisoner would be shown to have been at the place, partly dressed, and two women who lived in the house came out with their dresses off, but were observed to have their stays on, laced. The prisoner would be shown to have taken no part whatever m endeavouring to put the fire out. After the fire the premises were sbut up and placed in the charge of a policeofficer, The next day a small vessel was found smelling strongly of naphtha, and on examining the shop the wooden shelves were found partly burnt, the goods also, and on the floor, partly burnt, a feather-bed, from which on analysis 2oz. of naphitha were extracted. No othertools or materials necessary to carry on the manufacture of waterproof were found, and on the part of the prosecution it was suggested that the conversation in London was only a ruse, and the naphtha procured for the express purpose of firing the shop. The prisonor made a claim against the insurance company for 7501., which wras refused, and on inouiries being nnade the prisoner was taken into custody. To prove this case the following evidence was called * Dinah EIundspeth, the owner of the house in Buck-inghamstreet, p roved letting the house to the prisoner. His son was with him on each occasion when he came, and the agreement was signed by the son. The policy was shovn to have been effected by the prisoner for the sum of 80016501. on the stock, and the remainder on the fixtures and furniture. XLr. Kauffman proved that the prisoner called on him in Houndsditch early In July, and had a conversation respootiDg the waterproof trade; he told the prisoner he mnust provide a stock of indiarxbber zaphtha, asd necessary tools. The prisoner stated that be was short of money, and he lent him 21. The Prisoner gave him a note-of-hand for 101 for the 21. lent and the instructions he gave him as to the mode of managing the waterproof business. He went with him and purchased four gallons of naphtha. It was put in a tin and carefully packed in a woodon box. The box produced is the same. Joseph Sampson proved that the box was shipped from Hay's-wharf for Newcastle. Tho person at whose shop tho naphstha was bought proved that when sho filled the botale Kauffman, who acted as interpreterfor the prisoner, ordered the bottle to be filled quite full, so that it might not make a noiso, and the box to be tightly fastened down, so that there might be no smelL Witnesses were called to show that the shop was one of the poorest description, and the general character of the goods of very small value. Joseph Craigie was on duty the night of the fire. He had been in the shop on different occasions, and observed the stock was very smalL On the 19th of July he was passing the shop about half-past 12 o'clock, and saw a light which appeared to be gas inside; he passed the place asain about 1 o'clock. There was no light then. He got 300 or 400 yards pastwhen helheard crles of " Fire !" fromthedirection of the shop. He ran back and found the shop in a blazo of fire. The windows and shutters were blown out. He produced a wooden vessel caUed a kit which was found in the hose; it smelt strongly of naphtha, and it smells still. Another police-officer saw the shop on the night of the fire. Be looked through a crevice ru the door, and the whole place seemed in a blaze. He gave an alarm, and ras for the engines. The prisoner gavo no assistance in try. ing to got the fire extinguished. Examined the house after the fire. Everything was burnt. The next day he found the remains of a bed on the floor, and everything mixed up. Wiliam Fleming lived near the prisoner, and was out the night of the fire; he heard the alarm, and ran to the prisoner's shop. He broke In the door, but could not get in for the flames. He went round to call the prisoner np. The top part of the house was entered by stai s outside. He met the prisoner and a woman coming out of the door. They were partly dressed. The prisoner had no trousers on, nor shoes, nor coat, nor hat. He had on a shirt and drawers. Charlotte Brabant lived opposite, and saw the fire break out. She ran to the prisoner's door, and knocked, calling out" Fire !" In a few sninutes the prisoner and his son and two women came out. The prisoner had on a shirt and drawers. The witness went away and dressed himself, and came back in five or ten minutes. When she got bzck she saw the prisoner and bis family at the foot of the stairs. Could not say whether or no the women had stays on. The prisoner was lamenting about his boy. She saw smoke ofore flames. Robert Brabant-Heard cries of "Fire" on Sunday morn- ing, the 19th of July, and went over to prisoner's shop. Did not then see the prisoner. First saw him standing on the steps of the house door. Afterwards went upstairs to seek him. No fire on staircase. Prisoner was looking in the bed for a child. I told bim the chUd was in my house. lassisted in putting out the fire. Did not see prisoner assist in doing so. Short,policeconstablewas present whenItook the kit away. Cross-examined,-Prisoner appearedifo be in great distress for the child when I saev him. There waspa little smoke on the stair. I cold see the prisoner. He was searching the beds for the chUd. He was shouting, "Sheptie, my child." There were plenty of people assisting in putting out the fire. Re-examined.-Did not see prisoner attempt to rescue any goods. Sheptie, the child, was in his shirt. ThomrasStory, police.constable.-Got to the fire 10 muintes before 2. Saw the flame arise from the centre of the flnor from something bulky lying on the floor of the shop. The shelves were on fire. A great deal of flame-red flame. Have been to a great many fires. This one was " more redder." John Jackson was present at the fire. Saw something like a bed in the middle of the shop. By the JUDGE;-Nobody had been in the shop then. When he next saw it the shop was in a blaze. Never saw the prisoner assist in putting the fire out. Frst observed smoke, and then some flame; a few minutes afterwards a burst of flame. Prisoner cried out, " I am ruined." George Allison, police-constable.-I was present at tbe fire. Saw flames arising from "all over" the floor-flames dark red, mixed with smoke. Prisoner was standing in front of the people doing nothing. Shop, 17ft. by 13ft. Shop secured after thefire and watched. i examined the place on the 31st of July with Inspector Potts. Prisoner and his son turned over remains of the fire with shovels, Foand remains of bed-tick, pilows, old blankets, cotton sheets, wearing apparel, brass candlesticks, &c. Did not find any tin can, or remains of one. Found an ermpty box in the cellarkitchen on the morning of fire, but no tin can anywhere. Did not look for the can particularly. As we turned upthe tick and feathers there was a considerable smeU. Returned to the shop on the 1st of August. Potts and witness pet portions of feathers, &a., into a boX, and took them to h. R chardson's surgery, and gave them to Dr. Adriani. Afterwards received them from him. Inspector Potts went with the lat witness to the prisoner's shop on the Lst of August. Was there on thenight of thefire; examined the premises. The fire had not extended to the celar. In the office found some sticlks (produced)- they are partially burnt. The table in the office was charred; shelves in the shop were burnt down; furniture upstairs was not damaged. When we turned over the things found a strong smeU of naphtha in two places; from the bed in the middle of the shop, and from a child's frock. If there had been a tin can of the size described I must have seen it. Found no traces of india-rubber or gutta-percha. Adriau Adriani, [an assistant to Dr. Richardson, analytical chymist, received somne feathers from Potts, from which heextractedalIquid whichsmellsstrongly of naphtha. The feathers when received smelt strongly of naphtba. Cross-examined.- Never heard of naphtha used for bedticks. Have heard of bees-wax and soap being used to prevent feathers coming through. Can't say but naphtha and india-rubber might be used for the same purpose. Naphtha is highly inflammable. Re-examnined.-Have no doubt that the feathers were strongly impregnated with naphtha. Naphtha burns with a smoky red flame. Thomas Richardson, analytical chymist.-Can smell a faint trace of coal naphtha in the kit now. It smelt moro strongly when befose the magiEtrates; the feathers and child'sfrock smell strongly of coalnaphtha.Naphtha produces a sooty and reddish coloursd flame. The smoke is vory dense and black. When the air is admitted there is less smoke, and the flame Is brighter. With an ample supply of air there would be no smoke. Elizabeth Daglish was alled to identify the tick of the bed, as one sho had pawned with theprisoner. Had never put any naphtba on the tick. Robert Davison noticed a smell of naptba whilo he assisted in putting the fire out, bat did not call attention to the faot then. Witness was assistant ir chymiistI's shop. Isaac Pattinson, an appriiser, s0d,-Oa August 13 1 wont to prsenn,r's bouAe and valoed funiiture. Its val,se wac l 4i, The gas fittizkg ph and small table in the offioe were worth abeut 2 1lOs. These articles were valued al theprice they cotld be roplaced at. Mr. SEY.MUR addressed the jury for the prisoner, andl commented forcibly on the improbbility of the prisoneres pUrcnasing naphtha for the purpose of setting fire to hia boas3 at ashop where he ras known. Why should the pri, soner use napbtha for such a purpose when * lucifer matcla would have produeed the same effect, and not been so liable. to detection? The policy of insurance became void by the, Introdaction of so inflammable a eprit, yet the prosecutioi. would wish the jury to believe that prisoner et fire to bis. house by the meas of raphthawith T iew to obtaining the insurance money. The learned counnel remarked on the absence of all evidece of the amount of businees the pri soner was doing, the only evidence on the point being tha of the observations of polioemen on the night of the fire. An to the origin of the fire he would attribate it to accident; the subsequent heat Igniting the naphtha. The prisoner's conduct on the niiitwas exactly whatyoL would expect frorz. an innocent man surprised in the middle of the, night by a fire in his house. Had he been guilty, would hs not have affected anxiety to quench the fir, and been foe-. most among those working to subdue the flames? After! silting the evideno for the prosecution In a most searching manner, the learned counsel concluded his addtess to tha jury by calling upon them to sy that the case on the ps of the prosecution hd not been proved, and return their verdict of Not Guilty. Htis LoBDsnIp summed up the cae with gret care, audl at considerable length. The jury retired for a few minutes, and then brought i4 a verdict of .Not Guiliy. This case brought the businees of these unusually pro. tracted assizes to a close; judge, bar, witnese6 and public officers having been kept away from their Christmas chee -a fact that, from some of the observations which reached our ears at the rising of the court on Christmas Eve, seemed to have anything but a beneficil effect on the tempers of some of the persons already named. The jury were mors fortunate, being all inhabitants of Newctle, and conseequently at home.
POLICE. MANrSxON-11ouSz-Johfn Cornelivs was charged wit4 stealing a watch from Mr. John Wells in Leadenhall. muarket. Prosecutor stated that he was pasing through a crowdesd nTrrow passage in the market on Thursday, and the prisoneLcontinually kept before him. He stopped till the crowd[ passed, when he felt the prisoner's hand against his waist. coat, aud immediately after he saw the xard of his watch slip from the prisoner's haud. He collred him and recovered the guard, bat the wathWa s gone, Confirmatory evidence was glven, and it wras cstated that the prisoner had been convicted at least three tunes previously. ~ ~ ~ ~ tre tme He was committed for triaL. BoW-STrEsxT.-After the disposal of theordinarybusri ness of the court, which was unusually light for the holy. day season, an application was made to Mr. Hs-stvY, the presiding magistrate, to accept bail for Mr. Edward Auch. mauty Glover, late hLP. for Beverley, who was then ar. Inmate of Newgate prison. Mr. Lewis, jun., of the firm of Lewis and Lewis, EIyo place, attended on behalf of Mr. Glover, who, it appeared, was apprehended by Inspector Bray, of the A division, on the 23a Inst., at 30, Coleshill-street, Pimlico, in pursuanee of a wvarrant dgued by Mr. Justice Coleridge, upon an in. dictnnent charging him with havig made A false declaratiom in the Hlouse of ommons relative to his property qualifiea- The sureties tendered were Mr. Charles Hrcourt, solicitor, of Great George-street, Weestminster. and Miss Iargaret Grace Toker, of The Oaks, Ospringe, Faver. sham, Rent, and 38, Wilton-crescent, Bdgrve-sqnara, spinst-er. The sureties having been approved, Mr. Glover was sent for, and shortly afterwards placed at the bar. He gave his residence as 38, Wilton-cresoent, ana assented to the conditions of bail, bet addressed no other observation to the Court. He was then bound over in his owvn recognizances of 5001., and the two sureties of 200t0 each, to appear at the Central Criminal Court. Owing to the provision that 48 hours' notioe of bal sholdi be given, the defendant had been compelled to spend his Christmas-day in prison. MAP.LBoROUCiH-sTRgEr.-Henry Perry White, the marine store dealer, of 18. Warren-street, Fitzroy-square, who was charged with endeavouring to incite a constable left In charge of the house, 68, Great Portland-street, pre. viously plundered by Sankey, the policeman, to the commission of a further felony on the same premises. but who was discharged, was now chrged witht receiving a portion of the property originally stolen. The prisoner after his discharge had absconded, and a constable, who hbad obtained some information which induced him to suspect his connexion with the originaf robbery, after seven weeks' search, captured the prisoner at a publichouse in Kensington on Thursday evering. On hts way to the stationhouse prisoner said to the constable, " I think you're the msn; I'll put money in your purse if you'll square me in this job. Sankey was a rattling good fellow; I think you are so too, and if you'lt square it. I pledge you my word rIll give you 51. withim three hours of this time. To take me further wi do youi no good. ru keep my word, let me go." He stbsequently found at prisoner's house a quantity of table and bed linen, and some plated articles, which were identified as the prorerty of Mrs. Sarah Alkman. and a portion of that stolen by the convicted policeman Saukey, Other evidance of a oorroborative character having been gone into, Mr. BiLGnAx committed the prisoner for trial. The magistrate requests acknowledgments In T7e Timcg of the undermentioned sams -From Lord Blayney, 21.- " P. G.," half of a 51.-note; " I. E.," half of a 51.-note; and one guinea from "J. B.," Parthenon Club. MhARyLEBos.-"R. A." has written to Mr. BROUGHTOstating that, on the 21st inst., the sum of Sf was forwarded to the oourt for the poor-box, and complains that the dona. tion has not been acknowledged in The Ti'me, as requested. The receipt of the sum alluded to wa duly acknowledgec! by our reporter as emanating from "AL B.," the writing og the donor leaving him in doubt as to the lst letter. "J. K." has also sent 5il. for the poor-box, requesting an acknowledgment in Th1e imcs. WORSB c rTTR=.-Louis Dehaime, a young Frenchman; was charged on s warrant with assulting and using threatening language towards Jacob Larpertz, in the employment oE Mr. Samnel Gluckstern, cigar manufacturer, High-street; Whitechapel. It appeared that there is a strike of workmen engaged im cigar-making in the eastern part of London, and that the complainant is in the employ of Mr. Gluckstern. On the morning of the 16th, while proceeding to his work, ho and others were assailed by the prisoner and a number of men on strike because they had not joined the confederation, anc! ultimately stones were pelted at them, the pisoner taking a prominent part in the proceeding. The sLtGISTmRATE said, as he understood there were thern assembled in front of the police court something like 200 of the malcontent workmen, he wished it to be distinctly understood that a repetition of such outrageous conduct would lead to an indictment at law, which would result im conviction and lengthened imDrisonment. lin this case, as defendant being a foreigner, probably acted from ignorance he woald be content by calling upon him to find substantial bail for his good behaviour for the next three months. CLERKENWELL-Two fashionably dressed men, who stated themselves to be brothers and gave their names as John Jones and Thomas Jones, the former describing himself as a commercal traveller, and the latter as a Pwine merchant, residing at 19, Russell-place, New North-road, were charged with a series of violent asaults upon five police-constables. Shortly after 12 o'clock that morning a great disturbance in the Southgate-road attracted the attention of the constable on duty, and on his reaching the spot he found one of the prisoners lying on the top of a man and beating hira severely, whilo the other was kicking and' fighting at the bystanders. They were drunk, and it required no less than five policemen to get the two " gentlemen" to the stationhouse, but: not before the whole of the men were more or less kicked and beaten, some having roceived serious injuries. The prisoners pleaded unconsciousness of their conduct, from having drunk rather too freely. Tbey hoped his worship wvould deal with the asE summaily, as thei prospects would be injured. Mr. CORPme said, it was certainly a most flagrant case, and the plea of drunkenness was no excuse. He should cer-. tainly not deal with it himself. He sbonld send the case for trial, but would take two sareties for their appearance in the sum of 251. each. The prisoners were locked up in default. Patrick Howley, a hawker, residing at 7. London-passage, Golden-lane, St. Luke's, was charged with being concerned, with two other men now in custody, in stelino from the pesn of Mrs. Northfield a purse containing 28 sovereigns and between 30e. and 40s. at aitchin on the 15th inst. It appeared that the prisoner and his two companions were at one of the principal inns at Hitchin on the 15th Inst. mogt respectably attired, when they dexterously xnas naged to pick the pocket of the prosecutrix and then escpe., They took the train to come up to town, and on arriving ac the Great Northern Railway terminus, King's-cross, Rns., ley, one of the railway constables, apprehended two of them and took them before the Hitchin magistrates, when they wer coammitted for triaL The prisoner escaped detectiom until the previous evening, when, from the description sent round by route to the adiferent police stations, he was appre. hended by Police-coastable Matlock, 162 G, when he did not deny the charge. The purse was not found upon him., The inspector of the Hitehin police was now in attendance, and ask-ed that the prisoner mght be given into his custody. The prisoner, who had nothing to say in his defence, wa3 ordereodto be conveyed before the Hitchin magistrates. The following donxtions have been received for the poorbox, the donors asking that their receipt might be acknosv. eged In this Journal:-hfr, loupeli, d.P, ifor Lambeth, 10610aO; the Grocers Company, 21.- " J. G.," Parthenoa Club, 11. Is.; and 10s. from a 'gentleman who declined to give ,ins name. S0UTHWARX.-Mr. BURCAW has received 514 from Mr, glade for the poor-box. LAMng-rn.-..Thomas Cross, r. well-knowvn card sharper andl thief, and Blizs Johnson, were finally examined on a charge of robbing Mfr. W. B. Seymour, the mansaging director of a puibllo company, residing at 23, Niew Bridge-streets Black. From the evidenco it appeared that on the evening of the 17th inst., the prosecutor, while under the influence of wine, lwa picked up by the female prisoner near the Westminster. bridge, and taken to near the factory of Messrs. Mauds. ley andCo,, in the Westminster-road. Sergeant Broad ant! Revell, constables of the L division of police, knovini the character of the persons, foUowed c106e behind, and secured botl prisoners-the woman just as she had got the prosecutor's watch, and the male prisoner as he had stopped the prosecutor to prevent his foUlowing Johnson, r. NORTONr disposed of the case under the Sammary' Justice Act, and committed the prisoners to six monctigs hard labour each at the WVandsworth House of Correctoa WAXDSWORTI.-On Saturday Mr. DATmA-, received five guineas from "B. G " for the poor-box of the court, An ackupwledguient in The Tirm wam requested,
SALFh BY AUOTIO1. SavllUow.-Exeout moder Furniture, Chimney Glasses, Piano. fortes,au expenwive Oo:k&amaOD Board, afew lot of Chin and Glas3, ascd miscellaneccis items removed from Private residencea.. j,* ESSRS. RUSEHWORTHaUdJARVIIS willSELL T J.bFAUCTION, at tire r great Room on Tuesday, January 5, ex. celltnt moderm PU0ITURS, compls lg, for the drawing rosm window ocurtains, sofas conch, chairs, and inadulgent ditto, cote, care, and Ooccaional tables. in walnut-inc rosewo0a, and mahobgany, cabinets, Brussels and other carpets, rgs, feeders, and dire-iron-: chimney arersin gultframes8;for she diningroom and librsr-112 boeany chairs, extending dining tablesi, Pedestal sldeboards, bIhi' tanles and chaias, bookcssos for tho bed B.mer-h~c four-es Qan Arabian bedsteasI Io n mahoganyberlalbedding hs Of dr*wers. wash-standit, e-ser,l and toilet glasses, a few lots o'f table Iorcelain and glass, toe urunal requisites ot the don,eetle offOces, and niecomisneoue uotefl affeoss. To be viewed th.S day preceding the sale and catalogues bad at the offices of TMesrsn, Rtneworth and Jarris' B'avlleo row, llegeun.treet, anid 19, Ohan,1ge-all7e, Onrinhill. Freeh.l netetI h iyo Lon-don, MESSR. RUS WORT and ARVIS will SELfL ,L,T.LbyUO1'o~-,at te Mat, o Fela?, January 29 at L2, a, FllCULIS1tEIWENC wit Sho, stuato N~o. 24, Llverfosl. stret,a ew oos fomBlsQs.gae tret,clove to the church, and havig a.o Irnlee I Wute artcout, in the rear, lot to Mr. Willam arro, oa yarlytenncy,at he oderate rent of Lii5 per annm, nd reruttg o se eailcaytulotan Oligible investment, May e viwed ithperoierln ofthe teat and PArtcoulars had at tee,and 19. Change-aley Corghill Conduit-stceet-llusinuaFuse,wti e ae fOetcs rtret. IJfSIBR. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS will SE,LL ,Lby AUO-TCON, on the Premites, on Mionday. Jan, 25 at 1, the valuable LEASE of the muclc.mPrOvEd tad capital BUSINW8 PBIKISBS. No. G. Condult-etreot, on the north side. comprising a mactous ground dloor, including a shop with handsome imodern trout, a ooantiag-house tehind, and a fnrtiser back reonm with glazed ro,f. stultable for a tailor, wDolltn draper, ladles' shoemaker, or aqy respe.3able light businers or as offices for an architect or other profelesioal man am ofwhih mmsedisto Porsesilon may Io hzd ; als a roomiy mIsson f te inan an paticlar ma ibeha dO yatrls ofie Ofd imlesre,Itnhwomh an Jasse av.re , Regnt-sreet9, and 129, Change-alley, (JoenLeh,inihell.ih . bGlth ar es.-Vin tho c FreodEtt n ibnera Pof&cperta, Ieevn motues fromt e toreteo no ry n witthing400 yards9cce ofth cutiaouth WalsMnera to ailway.polrves wiic EnOlud. RU)e RWLRTI 0ud JARV ed w i t SEL valuabg IIEuDI9AE calledr PotnfouiLaod in the Varlesh of Glnouth , I tiles nouIntyof whihlaeeorgan levsein Ofpancapital 6 ter house,m wie b~thes Mertynd tw lbuares cottages cand 229 Or, of ecittatyofdx ladtgethe waill so Ith ery vtn,aluable mineral n yroerld inig a good yearly profits. The estate alsogettier as a landed and mnaseral protects oirers a safe and treofitable investment. Prnye par,. licelars, witth a plan, way behad 14 days prior to the sale at the prmno,pel inns at Eristo, Blirminghiam, and Ltverpool ; of Messrs.A 5urn wc,rth aud Jarvtis ndsrvyr and auctioneers,Svll-o, Recentstreet, and 19, Uauage-asiy, 3amhiil, London ; of Mx. 1., Lewris the tenant, on the premises, who wilt show the property and ot Mr. oL. J. Helcier, solicitor. Aberdare, GlmaOreaushlrn, Superior M5dern Fiumitr. eqali nw,Cbie Piano, &c,re- moved frnmA two private residence NIEliSS.PRICE and CLARK will SELL by AUCISdF, at their Rooms, Qnallty.coe.rt Chancoery-lace. on k0o.eY, Janua-ry 1, at is for t2o 'cbcok, hiandsomie modern FURN 1- IUBE, for the drawitng and dining rooms, and ted chatmbers, includingt a drawing room suite, miahogany extensi.ng dining tables, pedeatat es,ceboards, chatise and cuones covered in morocco. excellent Siruieso carpets, fine plate chlimney glasses bedsteads, and clean beidin,t erbitle-top waedS-tands, cetes of aratwers, &o., library tables, bok csaes, Iron repocls.r-y china and glass, domestno requixsites, and busmucous misoellanies, which mnay be viewed the dsy preceding the sale, and catasoaues best at the Auction Ohices, 48, Chaneery-lane. Salvage o edaey c-alg.o MA.SITU1AEwllSL y UTO TIii.THIS DAY, fla t1 rcsl,on thePeissbo sod 25. Lcsndon-terae fceyrodnerGlmsssro th SALVAGIS STOCK o RPR saefrm b lte iea 'oo comp-rising the musul asrmno rpr goods,afwliofmr etry, hursery, do, Ma.b vee orng cale;adctlgese on th., reali,rS; and ofihs uI Lesedensafli.treet. ln erathsm usndofc ,28 ~j~ BnR. ).S.BAKEPR and SON 'will S3ELL by £71. AUCION, onthe Premises, Fe. 14 St. Paul'steisrra elle peed Irlsaan,en hssssy fee,. 21. at 12, ths maedern VUftN - TUBE coeprslu for-prt,leruch, and Iron bedsteads, with merino damsk ursnsy, hirand wool mattrer es, beddleg, marble tp weretade,dreosu tale- and glasses, chests of drawer,,Bruusels a.d caret,y srpee, h ru %ver chbimney-glees, rosewoorl cheffonler w tIn s4se-gssrpanls,merno amask window cuntains. rosewo,)d too table. chars,andchIsebogs,easy chairs set of cotree table,, mahogany ebuie, ooksheles,eelof extending dininig tables, cardI and wpork cables, Cl-octave cottage pianoforte in roceewood, about IS0 vels o! Looks, aslew plateda iticles, some prints, bsoeatolle bearst. china and glass, culinary utensils, sudsa variety of otber items. To be viewed tOa day preesingtaguod mo"rning of ailse, when catalogues may be hoad on the premisers and of Mtessr D. S. Beaker and Son, 107, Upperat'eet. Idilueto. enuIn Secon-hand ouseol FurntuGe, Cabin- Iet Piano. Terse lare IonSafs, 2-igh nbleOutGles hadeier formgasulmniasI foran -seblyroo), a Cabinet of Shale,. and Eff-Wt, remoetd fromBkoebor.ssa,e, and from Grove-aerrsoe, Kontlsh-town. ~1ESSS. BULOCK will BELL, at their 6roat Iikltooms 211, Dihoiclb-.rn THIS DAY (lintead of last Star. dy) at12 ew , HUSaOLD FURNITURE, including severiNalss of dnin taler,sidboeds,carpets, curtains, paIr r-binch globes, p-rlosr cais ad abls,a earv,-d walnut-woosdramwinig roomn suite, go-d mahogny anironbedteads, hair mattresse suad bedding, wardrobt? drawrs,plaed tblemin,s china, hooks, two ball stoves, adkttc reqisies.M aybe lowed, 3nd catalogues had ndktc To Colour Manufacturers and D Caiat.-Wandsworth uro ~)ec. 31, at 12, in one lot. the LOIdNE and GO WITo he0 extensive WATEOt,IDE PROIC .SES, ocuyn ag ltof gpound, with houses fory the maLnufactureOfclusadhyll, extensive sheds, stoes, laboratory, enginehu,an tbigtgether with all the valuable plant. machinry dte,adtnsL3d horse and waggosis, which have been erotdadprhsda s siderable cost; also wil be'Incunded Inteprhs,tePtnsfor tho Eleetri's Power Light, all the Droptyoth situate at Prognmora-lans, Wan'sworth tePorhaoecmay whole of the stock of colourseand chymleal at 5,sr tk h minser may to vlewedsx dxe1r pr Iort ae rne 5tslrh B..Horniidge Esq., so citorILAa Bootihand Son. auctiloneers,%21, ~5 Adge-srow et, d ip i a do To-morrow Evening, Taeseday, Dec. 29, at 6 prectoleiy_w tsrge assem. hine of Hosaseohd Furniture, Four Planoforsez, &eo, romoredj from South feAmbeth. MESSRS. JONES aind BONHAM~ will SELL by .LVI. UCTON,at her lrgeRoos, eiO"ter.s ant d Prinoes, aisee, a argequanity o HOUEHOL FUp i Tk6 pia Fusulture, Books, and Effftts. St Nfo. 1, NzadelayVillat, Vlolloria..o, Kensington MIjEBSR8. FOSTER will BSELL by AUOTION, at . LJthe Residernos, otn Thursday. th 3ist inns,, st 1 o'otpeWr the F II&ITUB,If, g-oo chair &n4 sofa, oval ao tals, clmaeyglassIWO pate- l6s hffassters, carpts,. fen. ralldmal.sses t nsve alsocia o s al Usruy tf boka,ingve h ro by order ot the Executror. ~JESSRS. FOSTEER will SELL by AUCTION, at £T.the Uraniery, At Pall-mall,on Weleseday, anLd,and followlzxgday, at iprcelsely,thasvaluabler 510K ofthe lsate r.J. Abratan2ms-, m - facturing jeweller.,deceased, ooompritslg anuassrment of diamond and otherjewel-msountei bracebleta, shirtitdandleevestnds,broochLeks,,irt and scarf pins, e3ager rings, 'gard, Albert, sud Ibregetonaiins, nerkistia. attaicb6. raztch lOxce, and charms, Eeals, kese,, do allo falnbe modemn character, and ot the best mate of fine eold of als03 fshIonable, a fte s apphire I carata, and about it0 carats of 'di aoldove xubfse emeralds, sapphitre, ft, some peals, cral, &c. ; 1,2e00ozLo plte Inoluding some pleoes of old English (pen ded of Queen &nne!,!ngins._ turned and chased cold &nuff boxes, antique jewellery, Indiaa saddle with gold traspings (Eshmobtion 10511, and many other interestesug efforts, collesind by the late Mr. Abrlabanoc, To be viewed On Mdondayr and Tuesday. the 4th anid Sth.-54 Palt-*.sl Itusand-lace ~los.t~.ssure,y desp ~c. a r,. -Acapisa Ianr -ny Bosdeoe, eldbr bou tOysars, at £12 ground rnut, with Imma.. M ESSB. FOSTR aro dimected to SELL by AUC. JV.I ION,ou te Prmises. 16, Mnstland.pl,oee, Hyde.park-equaxe on uesay,JanaryId,at 12 for I jrecisely the GROU D L%&SBL 80 ear) o th exsllntodern RMiILJkNOE,cnann mi asnmmoatin fr afamlyof conrsiderable numb-r,havn neca stor ofbedroos; he rawiti 000oms are apartu ndeean,ad thedimnsonsof hedinngzoom would allow the ueo ag aie dinrTabl,a lueriaouscmort edmanandInamdrnsle Tdakes re Hamtl provdeda fog. aie Swground nenti Dapeer. on the sAgreutuand finolw ntg day ild soadoal Methe.mdr n xeln R.nehl uROBETu, clck,IDye wases bronze, larg glasseoos,an th Genrea l e ruiorenthstofaespetabTHe DAiY, heou. 2,art itfore of the out ose of beUhad14UdaE before theu saercitof MeWssrs.Crote, 1Maynelrd,ton, and Cawfod, svuoai, 4Itorea 0oms, 57 olmnstet wasity;an oC Messrs. Ftoster, 54, PFAy.maluwhre tickeotstonshiewth,ueffremts. ma b~yeeisd. nctlgehd ThsDy-Frlne Stc faCltir ls fa5y idtO, Maker Hat ari Caps eaptal awng aChina, yr'e Coppers agrcln a I so ess n aiosBfcs R . R BErT REID will SELL, at his Rooms, .21 Great hT%rltoroueh.strset, oHn Frday, Dec.ar I21, at 1t for i2 Ibu irehlot,o ITUREEIeegan oalnti usRAWINrGstin Rb 50 silkz hat 141 felti adlt,5 capsL damaosk, 14etr Jack elvts, couratms, wanloats, a~ teir, of an trouserstaendsy snurge,and cottorsiet, tuiwo.andweffctsuMa berviewed, endt ecaioygluesha, Lcuicaoar7 yMcre a lbray Kulrtma ome foreicdwoelbwchaDrs,e and sCdebosrd;china O rnamen tal ROkidkbTarEsith piat-ll SEbLck aet his tRaoomi = Z4re at bsleaomo1h4sfeet by5 onoFriday peduhtA 1r8t6a tatl 12 ets crmon asnd gol aad damak tpst and sexvt.I curooins eand ce&,ntrea otoman en suite, dexpsnr~ cabietgcnremcr, andxpahv workw sateablACes oa-po andh coplooostan DOinbntmearqsOt vo rie,ulpoo band chambesut, brilanut patd cnpunym.hglause, incluidng afouer-p0obyt, Tcarved Arbat cudin in rCriae repsdandowb mrone clothk with silE bordlterandsppome pe eddesa idebige n gnlme'ardrbs with plate-ls ak e ftlsoe. glame dining theabls1et byd d 8n hogiaues, tedeetand wrlttstandeswith marlaen tuope adftiuge wablensdent, andepnv ullbsr sitem in tharved, bandber.~a bdtyevswdoa wThurichdama.kand chitzoguesW.r an -P UTTIOK andSMSN utoer fltrr 1. pre=rty, Wil SELh LCINa hirHue 9,Pcsiy BRARY, rasmoved fromtecuty opiigbosi h aiu classe of theology, hisoy igah,mdoe n ugr irnig some curious early Iretie,boa,asrlg,aets,otsfpin, efew bosrinted upnviu,d. Als smal tc frcnl pulse oks, Sibls.cucseve,s Caaogeonreito two ataomp DUTTICK an IMSN actinesoltray iLproperty, wil ELb UTO,at therHue 5,Pcs dlily, on monday.-an Jo,anfolwnda, the vaubean oe lrEsting LIBRARY o etea- eoe from imsed on Drisin'g a good selectiono h ok fEgihadfstnatos few ounnty histories, ok. fpit-l ngo odto oeo large paper and in hadoebni5s aaouzonPo~to w stamps. KIngstret, Cver.-gade-XBolts ocfCanvas Cloths, D~oesin,6 Silk,V kend,Atieor Suits, a & octave Cottage Pianoforte by Luff, &,O ie M ESSRS. DEBENHAMT STORR and SON wil ft- LLbyAUPION, at their Ilooms, asahove,OTHIS DAY, 28tbh lot al, 5111 1st, of MISCELLANEOUS EFFEOTS. On view. Kinx-st,eet, -ntrn-g re,,pa0Jwl(ley, and Weimries ESSRS DEBE HAM,STOE, and SON areilL s3Ju.teLLb AUCELrbIACTON, at their Rooms. Kiinstretr oent. sarden, onTo-mnrro a, the 09th inst tU , GOL CHIN,TkE soldan silve watchs JibeWendanelY cc, silver s0 oons, foMrks, wantersb an-ad, Genea wandcoffe services,rdiamnd rek hings, boamohs,pinsx,and Dtes,and bother valuoables,O b vistetgo. n od e ihgas wthercdne oof.threedaTamoksof twilvery,dplt,alate ateodi OartIlew Ceryks,uptces,o Oartutrery,do MJSRS. ABRAEAMSwi inTlude indth SONLare i Covet-gaden Bond tedt n Wesday, the 30th look a 1, Taiwellsmall STOOKWS G1EREU,L SUITE do, fine wall80tonte oomnParisiangdEglsh and Gnevawatces, old uardand erk Chairs,camO, onayx, andx peal bosaes,fahioabl brceetsof inesod, wiothems, aloin w'atces cl yrOs, and a vareietd silvneryn pated PirGoods, On dview vaBn, FitigsofaHisio, oehr Furiturte,Efcso h rvt R.ABRAHAMlinclud inL tbe SALEON at ii i Old R3oom.n1dOdB*dstreet, on Wednsdy,the3th bty, aewemberads. at1D 6 aWnG-o4etd CHAITRSn in wsn wao-yoodfand Prisia dablack1 clebBlndig2 rhalr, ta oiintyfcs. an drtwogeas har, 20o fancy,m anod ocaiusa stables, oatd tables,o elegtant cmodr and baohetselegntdinin romafurniture tlaslies ; Sanishomthorny, ofth prluingatnbe reighdeets cIeoaprd, agmowinsec Arbyltow,d 12becheaIr,tw-oandbrddry g haIr6, to pinedesa warritingwtlabpltes,clopyindmahn, trwi-o largeTureycanpets, utwol sesotse of diningtables,a gnAc, Mli. ay be viewed the dyPeeltg n Drctalogue hd at thed mrtngoomsl and &oashd at the ofcofteaooroomsa su twthehauctr ers.fi tTwothm Vaualea b9 a r-and, Ge-srand ,ianogbsBladwrood, aon;s of~u Pwianho bytelardt8spldendid Chimneyeand ier Glasss.,wandthmae tvaohr letna ttingsel ofoarsino toethrs stL6 theEfetso tof otthe.privte B.mmaBdin:AHAo.MSouwhillSELLr b-Pioy-raUCIO, Latk;l HU.J.ther Bos1,OdBn-street,Ne on Wcett4,; u,dednesdy,eacmbear 5. atiu2,141o lane4tr'd CHwiRs.an 8onmahogany offee-rilinoom ltab rz, cOuceskawl and sofa,ttisantiyofe urimensydaruget, 10 hansmeio wined ardobewit plte-las dors,draingrom mitfie, and th preedig dy nd mrnig o gae, nd asoges hoad, at theMroom and at the austionerr ~aoffice, a t Twictynham Klnglandro., Ne Ket-rod, nd SuthLambero7nd iren and 10 Leo-sreet, Ingld-roat, Honlbof(i whs ogls tsd,ltfomhe er atm2 Lodge, outhampin.r comanin shp,No 3, aSouvinllg tcdae,Priothry-road e, tVaio. tr-lane,Soathassbthbetaheolrowipodumtoget,OeanelNos 11 AonandtO Hunter-stireet Nw eumt-ra let a PAt £el; goroundyersnt £6 eah.Pa Liculbard-ofrewer,otMesrn-Iews andSon, solicitors,T., Wimington-qae Culerkenwel;kend11 of the auctioneer, Blnsbury baplaoe mouth ;an Vfta louable AlleyEsotProertyof the BeWr ri.h - Bulin ond.Ineestme MASnt . at theTo Marbi on Tuesday, Jh anueoAry s lZ ing.t,b odro C1 mlntern oearoom,fwih ossesion; 78Opearsatfiveguineay, th A dltno, 17 itPons astree be thandl andsquae,rew-roauod,letto Thons a £0;hed sr8yehlFArs, A neatsmalldHoue,? tmies, roa. Nttig.ill erdGibon,1;tem5 yuears, gre-rind runtxaW room,) lt atrent ldmo ntinato eforWathamerLodge,asfouthmton. rt,el, Cmlenwel'areCotta rgedjoini tngandt,eenatheimrHouses,Victor-pac, wtha n-bocDm prodIswucsingtogethe frmrk£17t6. bAicopac hint, ( heven Plughally, Ighstret. enappins;anuliowmovu £166 Pou oues, 2, 1.16,and 6, ath t-stre oDvnpor thestret,, Comdernciueolod Feast.ulet a otav0 e ldfor 62yeanfrs., at £quarls Parto icuabo Mecors. Mpado nd Wyatt,sreolicItrors, 2, ammernit'ela. omard-tret o. MEssrs.ALewisan Son,soliUCTItOrs, ,Wilmisgon G1 the Plogh Alley stae,roflbsColec TorS EMr.L, WlDn 23, at 6, HintStEetHOLD-bll a"Ndnt th Dude ooArms,aping.lrecoe n e King'sH,taestyand I o iether,i themd counromwofxord, chiday,co the autdeasy chara.l,n ard,15, atd4f'clock in theaftonernooit plnrtuallF sback, masosuychairsndintttiosaswlUlabebtenands,there rodtabed,boLaesLio antmhnt gensoAralduFan-rn, Lan bdst-ands Ptressegl, ablde,an(bedinp.srerb,lae: held,o lase ortans heatermof 40 yarsfom the r~hofbeptember.gla-.16and kstbejequistothesyer rnto view Theng farm Iltond ctloges eadra- 14zheaRsooos.rsetbetnn, tamrvrn ofg £l53LBse heaove proptert clowello igsitate fa or kto.bing olld-ton t andfrm Bckeyrte fveds, fo wurklngcerain rveeklyWinclowesevn MveieRSn MO R and Trvea,hr iEMofraLway areprinte sztlro-e byrstnd e Aditini fsaleapply otoMr JsacHobn Appeto aq. s tor,S2L byew Crity-habes, lthe 5I art, pp-sotreetBLonon of E Mrld,WonThurner ductiyeerand etate, n--gout, lot nt, Sus&sex,OaD P lOsERI, Highstret Borgofgh, Lousnd eon; and four rivJatne ho Rin dg,auctineer,2Wintow2. Modr . ern 1i eurbolt groniture,n6ot Al e Piclto Ptaofotb e, Harlqmu4ran 4d tuo wthe smes8rlc lte,anrduEfctsg 3 aremoved romtilamment XS ct Fits(UEa2i Ren is, sivcrp -square,oOdton THI E tEIe tDec.G2, Matn Pt~RITtRE;compisig lrgecilng4ey and letand asy h~lr.los cad, ad facy tble , chandlber, ith " anategia end catalogues hat ate thee GloRooms,d by ACTIN, t te hrt, ppoItetheBantoferMrt;n,andhuof dey Jn,7, t 2,in ou lts,a EAEHOD HOeiITY,Monresist. Kient Horsmcden and Brenchlecy, - ESSR S. On-I A LTON are instructed to offer to LLj Public COMPETITIOY, at the Mart, opposite the iiatk oe England, on Mon'ly, January 16, the LIRE INTER&STof hit done IichLar and Janmes Mswdlng, nredpetIv el 4 ,nd o5sneon irdinlded Moiety of Ito Reversion in FEe, of ondtintihatvaluable F;; BEHOLD and compact FARM known as Lower amshlll, coinDrislrg About 81 acm-es of productire hop, fruil, meadow, arable, n weed land, mibeat irtally brlckbt residence, and necessary sgeoultn.. ml bufldings, let to a respectable tenant at £1850 per anunm, Alsao the fifllowing valuable proprties, in three lets :-Lot 1. A valJuaSl. Free. Lold Piece of Orchtr i, Meadow, and A cblle nd, called GoMd Fiedds, ce-ritaislug about25 acres dealsbly t ituate for bullDiug pit poses, andt. s cottage in two tenements. Lot 2, A. dealrable reeeold Properlyr eown as PIttLands. comprIlsin about 33 oes of hop. amble, and. cod land, two cottage bar-u and yards. Lot3. Asmall productive Leasehold Frm, krinowm as adenden. containing about 28 acres oC hop), amable, mneadow, and wood land, farm-hou,ns, barn. oaai, stable. lodges, and yardis, and two onttages ; beld under lease for 11 Tes frsum the Demanwin Chapter of RochSester, renewable every seven ye''ar. 'i beieo lots are lot togetber to a rspsectable tenant at £egO pratiunnThie propertieA are songuonus to each oter, and re about three miles frem Paddock Wood, and fiVe all e fro; the Mayden and Yalding htllway Statione on the S3osth.icAssmn Railway. Particulars and con- ditions of aeo cith plans, may be had of 0. HInds,E sq., soIorIO.e Groudhurt; of '-err. Charlton, sucttokeems. survyor and Setat A reate, TTnabslnge;, or at thAuction ltsrt, LrOndon. Great WetenBilis. -Surpus Plant and, SIsteetlss,-Now on vIew. )~4 ESRS. VEESF11IELD and HORNE bea tm .231.anuc,tath SALE will lnksoplaceTo-moorow at the. ",dtag, posieth riihOak. Weetbourne-Park-rozdel PaddLngtonwhbere meeeoB egod r lying, sale commence at 11.-tO, Parlia*Z mont $treet Navssk7 ByHs)Blt and SON, at the City Arms HOW., Hereford~, on Tuesay, the Stb day of Janury IRA8, at I o'clock. SEn-VEN HUNISRED and FIFTY Oak Tirsber- eM'twg, princIpAlly splendid nravy oak, ot great size, extraor,Th,u- lengtis, and unequAlled quality, large and heavy tops, wide.spvadi,.& limbs. and heavy bark,k with first-rate grore and Moo,pe Oak, large elm. Uo cakp tita ash and ether Tlmbor on the Dikmnore Etates werll eltasbs, ferdelrery wittindownLhlll ca;rrige of five miles to wharfs on the, Hlryf(ogdand Gloinoeler Canal; two miles feom the Dbimoro Station, on the Shbrewsonry and licreford Hailway, and Aix miles fzo10he,kp oi lHereford. FAwavd Willims, woodman, Dumnore will show ibe:san a, of whomr catalogues map be bad : als at the tilae of sale; mad-. of ?Mesrs Hobbs. Woceester,
