BIRTRS. On the 18th Inot, at 19, Grosvenor-p1ace, the Lady Ragians of a Wu. On the 27th July. at ienTe. the wife of the ller. Cleent F'. Cobb, Drincleal of Jay Nausans College, of a son. On the 16th inst., at Woburo Lgodg UeLer Wob n-Dlaoe, the wife CC D. Davis, Egz.. of a RO. stUUborn. On the 17th Inst., the HOL Mrs. J. Townshond Box&wen, of a d4ughter. On tho 17th inst., at PendUo Alo th, South wales, Mor. Henry Drtown, of a daughter. On the 17th inst., at Greenwlcl, the wife of Mr. Sanuel Baw, solifdtor. of a daughter. On the 17th Inst.,at a'row, Middlesex, the wifo ol tho Rev. H. W. Watsoon, of a daughter. On the 8h inst. at Brghton, the wife of Septtmts Chld, Esq., Lleut. L5, of awe01. On the 18th tet, at Den rk.hU Surrey, the wite ot Dr. R. Nilchol, of ab tee, On the 18th int, at Sutton, Hull, the wife of Capt. Randolph, HEM.S. Corowalis Of a ens. On the 18th inst., at 63, Oxfo:d-terrace, Hyde-park, the wife 1f Alfred Wilsn, Fgq., of a son.. On the 18th tist., the wife of Mr. Ci. PeacheY, of Cumaberland Lodge. Ueateam. Surrey and 73. Bihep(gates,reet within, of % son. OnL the 18th inst., at No. 6, Argyll ViUas, Barrington-eoad, Brixton, thes wife of hfr. RewaLrd M. Jolly, profetsor of music. of a, son. On thoe 1th inst. at %Wimbledon-common, the wifeof Beaumont 31aakey, Req., of tA daughter. On the 19th inst.. a' No. , St, GeorgeQ'terrace, Dalatss, 2bs. Ch4arle GoeneL. of a dwaRhter.
MARRIAGES. ,On the 27th A&ug., st St. Mary'i Chur0h, Philadelphis, U. S by the xe,. 2E. ,l. Murti1,obert Hall Daylw, to Rebeoea Mary Bylle both formerly of Tottenham, Midelooex. On the 16th ioot., at St. Anne's, Lewee Mr. Theonsaa Weall. of MIll. End. Halnbleden, Buoke. to Smarah stcond dautghter of the late John S3mIth, r&tq., of Lower. O Tlrda.tho 17th inst., at St. Mary's Church, Hageretone. by lhe He. M.P nl. Wrederick, only surviving sonof too late Louis Mayersballoh, of Walwortla, Sezirey. REq.. to Eliza, 8.8th daughter of Air. Prederlck Lewrelle of 88. Fenchurchoatreet. On theo 17th mast, a' Great Yeldhara, bh, the Rev. Fracis Merevether, -rectorof Cole OrIon, Capt. Jobn William PlemloSBandwith, oft the 3d eumopean Regimeut, Bombay Army, to Caroine Ann; daughater of thalate Hev. Yewla Way, of l3~enver Grzug, Emex, On the ±7th ImAt, at St. Luke's Churcb, Old.ttreet6 by thce Rev. 2lobert Bdlnece Aleander Blarry Croed., Gf Mdeltoeue, asced non of 3Mr. Samuner Oroad, of Finsbury. to*Declrna Youngust daugbter of the Jato ThMe. 1nmonda, Req.. of Stomues, clidditoex. On Whe 17th bist., at S. George's, tHaoveror.ruare. by the Rev. . IJewelyn L-loyd D.1 Senior Pello,r of S. Johu's CoUlege, Oambrldge, Edward Lloyd, t8q., WD , of Snixfolk*ph%ce, Pall-mall, sod of Ty-yn.y. ?b±yl, Plintehire, to Matilda Sunaunch Wtllilmrn, of OrAeuel and Aberpevgwm, only daughter of the lAte Col. 8myth, of Costello, and widow of the late W. Williamos, Eoq., of Aberpergwrm, bothL in the cotxnty of Glamnorga,
DEATHS. aiIle t at Otoe, on the 27th Juno. John Plerce Bowrlng, Eaq., Atan-enrg*O M6th Regt. B yNI. oungest and last aurviving sun Of the lat Joh n Bowiong, EM.. tingsw"rto House. Ela emmec tl - also, soppoosd to hef fallen ahout tbe samne time. Charlotte, wife of the above J. P. Bowrling, Esq., and William Kimeey their infant son CaptaIn Edward J. SeppIngs, 2d Bengil L. Cavalry Jeesle, bis we. and their tbree Infant boys, all fallen in the dreadfui maesare at Clawmpore, In Juno lm t, deeply mourned for by cheir f6mnly and frlonds On the 13th fact., at No. S Stl. Agnee Villas, BaYewater, L,ondon, the HRlght Hon Henry David Stewart Erskine, Earl of Buchan. On the 2th inst, Sir Win. Henry Dillon, RQ.CH., Vlce-Admirj oftthe On the 10th inst., at Obeltenhani Caroline, relict of the late Herbert Holt, Est.. of Craissaid, L*ncashire. On the 12th east, at Choenay, ?;lfre, Fracice, In her 78th yesr, Madame Dufanu. mother of ber. George Crascehay, of 1, ldoutagu. stroet, Ruseell*equare, and of Colney Hatch. On Monday, the 14th lust., at Somerford-park, Sir Charles Peter Bhakerley. Rart., In the 65th year of hIs age. On the 14th Inst., at Holly.ood Lrdge, West Brompton, Emily, the dearly belovedwife of Capt. Edward FarrF Nesbet, of tee Trity liotse, L-ondon. On the 15th Inst.. at Scarborough, Mbis Elizibeth Gray Chapman. aged 63, Oir the IGth Inst., Henry Denton, EcQ., of Lincoln's-Inn, aged 70. :.. the 16th inst., Benjamin EallewelL Esq., of Leeds, aged 57 Years. On the 17th teat., at hIds resIdence. 122, KIng's-road, Brighton, Mose% Mnocatta, Fq., in bhis 90th year, unlversally boved and reapect On the 17th itest., at Plarts, the Tien. Martha, daughter of John, 8th Baon Bollo Of tuncrub. and wife of Colooel Richardon Robert. eon, of Tullilebelton, Perthshire. On the ISth last, at Camiden-8treet north, Henry John, the oldest Wun of H. J. Smith, 5fee., of Susnerford Magna, Wilts, aged 16 Oathe 18th Int., at Foley Hou,e. Great Aalvern. the ey. Wiliam Hall Graham, rector of Great Bromley, Colobeter, Essex. On the 18th last., at Tetbry, t hln,oa csh.re. Edward Brown PaUL h f.. eldest con ot the late5obt. a. k Prl, Zsq,, In the 6M2 yere of his age. On the 18th inst., at 15. Grove Villas, Hlghbury, David Lanrle, Req.. In tho 16th year of hbi age. On Friday morning, t&e 18th last., aged 3A Hannah Sarah, beloved Wife of hMr. W. H. Thomas, ironmonger, Sloane-street, London, daugirter of Mr. Jamee Ewer, Itufslip, Mldalesex. On the 18th teat., at 7. Mllner-strefat, Listgton, Barbara, relict o! the lat Mr. Anthony Wadeson, of Hoxton-square, In the 84th yar of her age.
MONEY-,MAREXTa-d CITYINTELIGBNOB, Saturday Evening. Notwithstanding the unfavourable character of the Bank return the fuxds opened this morningaat a recovery of an eighth, and showed steadiness throughout the day. The partial rebound on the Paris Bourse, and the large gold arrival from Australia by the Norfolk, although there is little prospect that any considerable portion of it will be retained, tended to support the market. The details from Calcutta likewise had a beneficial influence, since they mitigated many of the features of the last announcements by telegraph. Thus it appears that the disaster at Arrah had been retrieved by a successful and most extraordinary defence on the part of the band of 12 Europeans and 45 Sikhs besieged in that place, who after the failuro of the expedition from Dinapore were relieved on the eighth day by Major Eyre, who witl 200 men and three guns dispersed a force estimated at 3,000, and headed by a native Rajah with several pieces of artillery; that General Havelock is believed to have again started for Lucknow disencumbered of his sick, with 100 fresh troops and two 24-pounders; that Lord Elgin bed brought to Calcutta 1,700 troops and marines ; and that a naval brigade had been organized from the crew of the Shannon and other vessels under Captain Peel to proceed forthwith up the Ganges; that Holkar and Sindiah reniaiied true; and that all was quiet at Hyderabad and Nagpore. On the other hand, however, it is intimated to have been considered not imporssible that General Wilson, owing to the smallness of his army before Delhi and the reductions to which it was ince.-santly exposed by repulsing the sorties of the mutineers might find it necessary to retire from his position until sufficient reinforcements had reached him to warrant a final attack. It has also transpired that just before the departure of the mail, news dated the 9th of Augusi had been received from Bellary, an important station In the interior of the Madras Presidency, that a telegraphic noticc had just been transmitted there of a mutiny of Bombay troops at Dharwar, abont 1.50 or 200 miles west, and that the right wing of a Madras regiment, under Colonel Hughes, were to start that nig,ht to aid in its suppression, the expectation being that by forced marches they would reach the scene of r,i volt in about five days. At the same time it is stated that the Madras troops seem to be thoroughly stanch. Consols were quoted 90 to J for money, and 900 to J for the 14th of October. India Stock left off at 210 to 212; India Bonds, 23s. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 8s. to 4s. discount. The transactions in foreign stocks continue limited, but the market generaly shows firmness. Chilian Six per Cents. have been negotiated at 1041; Danish Five per Cents, 101X ; Mexican, for the account, 21i; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, 95 and 950 ; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the account, 99g. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 20c. for money, and 67f. 1Sc. for the end of the month, ahowing the recovery of yesterday to have been well maintained. The commercial and financial accounts from Bengal by this mail are unsatisfactory, in consequenCe of the mutiny having, through the fatal imbecility and mismanagement at Dinapore, extended to localities nearer to Calcutta which yield largafly to the revenue. Thus, not only had the rich opium-growing region of Behar and the principal part of Northern Bengal been rendered unsafe, but fears were entertained for the great indigo district of Tirhoot, where an Irregular corps which for some time rendered excellent service had mutinied and dispersed. It was hoped, however, that European influence would still prevail there, the planters as a body being liked and trusted by the well-disposed native population. Still " the lamentable weakness, theutterwantof administrative talent, and the morbid dread of responsibility exhibited by so many who had been found in command at the commencment of the outbreak" were loudly complained of as a cause of distrust for the future, these evils having, it was affirmed, done more to destroy the prestige of the British name than any paucity of troops. Nevertheless, there was reason to hope that public opinion would enforce a great alteration, and the notification that a court-martial had been ordered upon General Lloyd would be accepted as a sign in that direction. In the neighbourhood of Calcutta, and in theEastern district, trade had shown some little tendency to revival, and considerable parcels of goodsl had at a Blight decline been disposed of. Yarn, especiaUy, had been in request, and had even realized an advance. The exports of produce were beginning to be affected by short arrivals, sugar and saltpetre having shown a heavy falling off. Silk and hides, on the contrary, had been largely shipped to Europe, -while thera had also been considerable conalgnments of rice to China. The yield of indigo this season seems to be estimated at about 85,000 maunds, or about 35,000 maunds below an average crop. Two factories, it is said, had already been burnt. A Government i per cent. loan for one year had been announced in the Punjab. At Calcutta the subscriptions to the new 5 per cent. loan, which is offered on terms equal to 6 per cent., were extremely limited. The Bank of Bengal, whose stock of bullion had been reduced to :1,143.4211., had resolved upon a rise of 2 per cent. in its rates for advances. At a meeting of merchants and others at Calcutta the annexed petition to the IEome Legislature had been adopted:- 4 Petition of the British inhabitants of Calcutta to the Lords and COmmons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled. "u*The humble petition of the undersigned British inhabit. ants of Calcatta most hnmbly showerh,- *That your petitioners view with daily increasing anxiety and alarm the condition and prospects of British India. *- They do not despair of its speedy reconquest by the forces of Her Majesty, but it is undeniable that, with the exception of three or four places of strength, the whole of the North-West Provinces, as well as the newly acquired kingdom of Oade, is lest for the present. In addition to which Tirhoot Behar, and Chota Nagpore are in danger. -Throughout ndia the native belief in the prestige of British power has been destroyed, and where the Asiatic has no dread of physical force he has no respect for moral infdluence. Over thousands of square miles, where three months since Englishmen travelled in security unarmed, at thic moment European women for themselves and their children court speedy death as a blessing. " On every highway lie the dishononred and mutilated remains of our countrywomen and their children and the bodies of British soldiers and unarmed men foully murdered. "The Government of the East India Company, to whose eare the interests of Great Britain in the East have been cenfided, possess from their constitution absolute power. They have a perpetual majority in the Legislative Couneil, wbich is composed entirely of official persons. "They have the sole appointment to aU offices with the exception only of those of the Governor-Gneral, the Com- man er-in-Chaf, and the Judges of the Supreme Court. "There are no private or corporate rights that can be effectually opposed to them, nor is there any representation of public opinion. " In the country desolated by the rebels there are hun. dreds of civil servants, judges, magistrates, and collectors, villag chowkedars and policemen in tens of thousands, and more than 2,000 commissioned military officers-European and native; and vet, if we may believe the Government there was not in all this vast establishment to be found one person to acquaint the authorities of the existence of a conspiracay spread over countries mnany times larger than the area of the British Isled andinwhapwdsofahudred thousand soldiers have joined. " The rebellion broke ont and found the Government totally unprepared. No efficient commissariat, no organizedi means of prc nring intellgence, and, with a few brilliant exceptions, no men of sufficient capacity for the emer- gency, At the commencement of the outbreak Delh, the largest arEenal of ordnance in the North-West of India, the imortant midtary depft of Cawnpore, and the fortress and rsena of Allahb.bd, the key of the 'Tower Provinces, were withont a single Enropean soldier to defend them. The two former fell into the hands of the insurgents, " On the 25th of May last, when a number of regiments were in open revolt, when many treasuries had been Ilun dered and various important stations fallen into the =and; of the rebels, the Secretary to the Home Department offi- cially informed the inhabitants of Calcutta, in answer to loyal addressee tendering aid and personal service, that ,the mischief caused by a passing and groundless panic had already beoa as4sted, =4 thAt thtee wag every reason to hope tha' in the course of a few days tranquillity and confidence would be restored throughout the Presidency.' *' From that hour to the present the policy of Govern. inent has not undergone tho slihtest change. In the teeth of events the most startling, m defiance of warnings the most emphatic, theysteadilypersisted in ignoring the fact of danger for which they had made no preparation. II On the 13th of June they passed a law which destroyed the liberty of the press, and placed every journal in India at the absolute feet of the executive authority. " Your petitioners refrain from here commenting on this act of the Govermnent, uncaled for by the occasion, repugnant to British feeling, and subversive of the principles of the British constitution. This was done at a time when the Government were receiving universal support from the English portion of the press. ' Your petitioners felt themselves bitterly aggrieve- by the attempted imposition of what is known as the Blacs Act, but their feelings in that respect never hindered them for a moment in coming forward to assist the Government with heart and hand. Their offers were coldly declined, though ultimately accepted when danger was too aDparent. At the present moment not only doss Calcutta owe its chief security io European volunteers, but Government have invited the enrolment of paid corps for service in the interior. " The w;hole trade of the prosidency has suffered more or less, many branches of it are ruined entirely. The sale of imports is almost nominal, the cotton goods of England are not to be disposed of even at great sacriHices. The export of silk, indigo, and sugar, and other articles of export will suffer considerable diminution for some seasons to come in consequence of the destruction of many factories and the loss of much captal " In the train of the revolt it is more than probable that famine with all its Indian horrors will follow. " To remedy aL these evils and to fix on a firmer bazis tbe British power in the East your petitioners can alone appul to the British nation. '-Your petitioners can look for no redress to the powers to whom the Government of this great country is delegated, they having shown themselves unequal to the task. "The Government of the East India Company have neither men, money, nor credit;* what credit they had was destroyed by their conduct in the late ainancial operations. "-The army has dissolvcd itself, the treasuries have either been plundered by the rebels or exhausted by the public service, and a loan, even at 6 per cent., would scarcely find subscribers. " When tranquiUlty is once restored Her Majesty's Ministers will find that many milions sterling have been added to the Indian debt, and that the anna deficits of the Indian budget will be materially increased; but under good government your petitioners have the faUest confidence that the boundless resourmcs of this vast country are sufficient to meet all necessary demands of the State. The system under which the country has been hitherto governed, utterly antagonistic as it has ever been to the encouragement of British settlement and enterprise in Iudia, has entirely failed to preserve the power of the Queen, to win the affections of the natives, or to secure the confidence of the British in India. " Your petitioners, therefore, humbly pray that your hon. House will adopt such measures as may.be necessary for removing the government of this country from the East India Company, and substituting in Its place the direct Government of Her Majesty the Queen with an open Legislative Council, suitable to the requirements of the country and compatible with the British supremacy, Queen's courts presided over by trained lawyers and with the English language as the official court language. And your petitioners will ever pray, &c. "Calcutta, August 3." And the following is a formal account of the proceedings:- " Proceedings of a meeting of the European inhabitants of Calcutta, held this day, the 3d of August, at the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce, to consider the Propriety of addressing the British Parliament upon the subject of the present state of the country, and to adopt such other measures as might seem desirable arid necessary; Sir A. D. H. Larpent, Bart., in the chair. "' The Chairman briefly stated why the present meeting had been called, when "lr. A. T. T. Peterson addressed the meeting at length upon the present state of the country, the position of Engsh men in India, and the objects which the petition h in vew. "1 Mr. W. U. Abbott then read the rough draught of the proposed petition, which was fully discu3sed, and some alterations unanimously agreed to. "It was then proposed by Daniel Mackinlay, seoonded by Andrew T. .P eterson, and unanimously resolved,- 'That this meeting adopt and fully approve the petition, and direct that copies of the same with sheets of parchment, for the signatures of Europeans and other members of the Christian community, be left at the Chamber of Commerce, Trades Association, Masonic-hall, various libraries, auotion marts, hotels, and other places of publie resozrf' " Proposed by Mr. A. T. T. Peterson, and seconded by Mr. John N. Btllen,-'That the foUowing gentlemen be ap. pointed to carry out the views of this meeting :-W. Grant. .Msackinlay, D. C. Eackey, L. Clarke, R. Doyne, A. B. M'Intosh, W. H. Abbott, James Church, jun., Sir A. D. W, Larpent, Bart., A. T. T. Peterson, and Seth Apcar, with powers to add to their number, and that three of such menbers should form a quorum.' " Agreed to unanimously. "Proposed by Mr. A. T. T. Peterson, seconded by Mr. Seth Apoar,-' That the petition be intrusted to Mr. Henry Mead, and that the committee be authorized to make arrangements with that gentleman for his services, and to receive subscriptions for defraying his expenses, and otherwise carrying out the object of the Petition. "Agreed to unanimously. "Proposed by Mr. W. Grant, seconded by Mr. D. C. Mackey,-' That the thanks of the meeting be givea to the chairman,' which was agreed to unanimously. " A subscription list was circulated at the meeting, and lberally responded to." The statements differ to-day with regard to the g ld brought by the Norfolk, but the amount is believed to be 424,0001. The latest departures announced from Melbourne and Sydney are the Red Jacket with 264,0001., the California with 16,0001., and the Phceniclan with 10,3001., making, with those before reported, a total of 818,0001. still on its way, exclusive of the 373,0001. brought by the Columbian, and which will be received from Suez in about a fortnight. Of this 818,0001. 500,0001. is overdue. The precise amount of specie shipped by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Ripon for the East is G63,3591., of which 373,487. is for India, 288,9921. for China and the Straits, and 8801. for Alexandria. Nearly the whole is silver, the gold being only The following is an abstract of the railway intelligence of the week :-At the Caledonian meeting the dividend was in accordance with the recommendation of the report. A considerable increase has taken place in the traffic, and the working expenses have diminished. After paying the dividend a balance of 9,0001. will be carried to a contingent fund. The outlay of 34,0001. on capital account during the past half-year hai been necessary for the development of the traffic and the completion of certain works. Aut hority was given to create share capital of 60,0001. for the construction of the new line from the Haymarket-station, Edinburgh, to Granton-pier. The directors of the Mid-Sussex announced an agreement with the London and Brighton, securing a return of 4 per cent. upon the capital expended in making the railway. A call of 21. has been notified for the piurpose of completiDg the line as soon as possible. The report of the North British states the balance of revenue for dividend on the ordinary stock to be 3,,3911., out of which a distribution at the rate of 2i per cent. is recommended, leaving 2,9871. Asum of 7,7981. has been placed in reserve, arising from overpaid calls, unclaimeed deposit, and other items of a similar character. At a meeting of the Chester and Holyhead the chairman, Sir M1. Peto, expressed his iatention of retiring in March next. The receipts will enable the payment of a full dividend on the first preference stock, and the reduction of the arrears of interest on the second preference by 6,3771. It is hoped the receipts for the current half-year will suffice to clear off the remainig sum of 16,280l. The net revenue of the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee showsE a decrease of 2,2921. for the past half-year as compared with the corresponding period of 1856. The decrease is consequent on the large augmentation of the working expenses, caused by the abandonment of tlhe joint wvorking agreement with the Scottish Central. The dividend on the ordinary stock will be at the rate of 1 per cent. The directors of the Scottish Central recommend a dividend equal to S5s per cent,* per annulm. carryng a balance of 3571. to the surplus fund. The works of the Denny wranllh and Duaxblane and Callender Railway are e -sing rapidly. The Denny Extension Act has received the Royal assent, and the works will be commenced forthwith, IUnder this Act the company are empowered to raise 40,0001. The report of the Midland Great Western (Ireland) states that the receipts for the past half-year are 73,2261., against 64,0041. in the corresponding period of 1856. The total income from railway and canal is 84,5631., and the disbursements 53,7371., leaving, with the balance from the previous account a disposable sum of 33,5041., out of which it is proposed to make a distribution at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum. It is intended to proceed immediately with the extensions to Longford and Sligo. The following information regarding the mining business of the week is condensed from the Mining " Tbroughout the week a steady demand has existed for shares in several mines at advanced prices, and the market wears a healthy appearance generMly. At Wheal Bauller meeting the accounts showed abalance in favour of adventurers of 3,8391. ; a dividend of 1,9201. (7. l0s. per share) was declared, and 1,9191. carried to next account. At Wheal Mary Ann meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the company of 4,4141. The profits on the three months working was '2,7691.; a dividend of 2,3041. (21. 5s. per share) was declared, and 2,0021. carried to the next account. At Craddock Moor Mine meeting the accounts showred abaance in favour of the mine of 9931. ;a dividend of 5 per share was declared, and 7301. carried to the next account. At St. Day UJnited Mines' meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2,S791.; a divi- 4nd i i 1,0004 ps& per ahaze) wa. 4e lered~, an4 1,8794 1 carried to next account. At Great Wheal Vor Unitel Aining Company meeting the accounts showed a balanoe in hand of 1, 631. ; a call of 12a 6d. per share was made. At Lewis Mines meeting the account sbowed abalance, loss on the three months' working of 906. ; a call of 4s. per shatre was made, payable forthwith. At St. Aubyn and Grylls Mfine meeting the account3 showed a balance against the adventurers of 693t., which was divided pro rat&. At Whoal Edward Company mieeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the company of 1981. At West Crinnis and Regent United Mining Company meeting raports wvere read, ebxpressing a favourabie opinion of the prospects of the mines; the accounts showed a balance in farour of the adventurers of 4041. ; the balance of liabilities over assets was 1,1031. ; a call of 11. per share With regard to foreign mines it is stated:- " The Linares Lead. Mining Company have received advices, from which it appears that the workings are progressing satisfactorily. The tribute pitches throughout the tine are producinR a fair quantity of ore. They have weighed for August 532 tons. The Copiapo MiniLng Company's esti- mated prodace for July is 5,800 quintals of ore-value, S9,328. At the Bankruptcy Court to-day the examination meeting of Mr. Humphrey Brown, late a director in the Royal British Bank, was adjourned to the 17th of December. Mr. Vyld has lately published a Map of India, intended especially to facilitate a reference to the civil and military stations, and Mr. Stanford has issued a SpeCia Ma? of the Revolted Districts. They are both good ; but what is chieflywanted is a mtap accompaned by an alphabetical list of plaes and divided into sections of an inch or two squ%re with numerical references to the section in which each town or village may be found.
RAILWAY IL&TELLIaGECZ. EDMBDXI1. PERRT¶Fr ANnnT nm¢n- The half-yearly meeting of this company was heldin Edinburgh on Friday, Mr. Balfour in the chair. The CnAnEtAIN related the circumstances under which the joint worldng agreement with the Scottish Central had been discontinued. questions arose with reference to tho repairs of this company's plAnt and fer-y stock, which were adjusted in November last by supplementary agreement, and the period of the duration of the working agreement, which both parties agreed to apply to Parliament for an Act to ratify, was reduced from 10 to three years. The directors of this company had been all along very desirous to adhere to the letter of the agreement, and had not hesitated to make repeated concessions to the demandsof the CentralBoard, by which concessions they hoped for harmonious co-operatioa for the future. Forther concessions, however, were demanded, and the Central called upon this company to provide part of the capital proposed to be expended on engines and plant for stockmng and working new lines in connexion with the CentraL The directors stated, in re- ly, that they had no power to comply with this demand, Dut they stated that they were willing to place both companies on one footing in regard to the lnes they had undertaken to work. After much negotiation and correspondence, during which tume further alterations had taken place in the Bill in Parliament, whereby it was made only permissive, it was ultimately proposed by the Central that the agreement should terminate on the 31st July last. Tho directors of this company, however, found that a large expenditure was in course of being then incurred, and they decided that the agreement should terminate at once; and it was resolved that the expenses of each department should be made up to the 30th of April; that the plant of each company should be handed over; and that the two lines should De replaced under separate manag,ement without delay. which was accordingly done. The Chairman then pointed out that the working expenses had risen from 42 to 59 per cent, during the currency of the greement. During the joint working the expenditure of this linu on the repair of plant had been less by 2,28I. than on that of the Scottish Central; and during the same period this company's share of the joint working expenses had amounted to 25,0001., or 31i per cent. beyond the share which had faUen to the Scottish CentraL The expenditure of the Scottish Central on plant out of the joint purse had always exoeeded theirs. While their expenditure during the last three months of the agreement had been only 3,9571., and was 3,5751. in the subsequent three months, the Scottish Central had expended 4,4901. in the last three months of the agreement and only about 1,7001. in the three months since it was broken off. A similar contrast he showed to exist in the joint expenditure for the permanent way. He then explained other items in the report, and proposed resolutions authorizing the directors to convert the remaining portion of the secondclass debentures into stock as opportunity occurred, bearing not more than 5 per cent. guaranteed interest; to enter into an agreement with the St. Andrews's Company to enable that company to increase its capital by 1,000 . for the execution of additional works, and sanctioning working agreement with the Kinrossbhire and Leslie Railway Companies. The resolations were all carried unanimously, and the meeting separated, DUBIdN AND 1CGSTOWN. The receipts of this company for the half-year ending 31st of August last amounted to 16,8841&, of which 16,R000, was for rent from the Wicklow Company, and 6051. the contingent rent, being 30 per cent. of the excess of gross receipts of the Kingstown line over the specified sum of 55,0001 a-year. To the sum of 16,8841. is added 1571,, the balance from the last account, making 17,0411 From this sum is deducted 1821. for office expenses, including rent, taxes, salaries, stationery, advertising, coals, kc., 30. insurance, charity and miscellaneous, 1001 direction, 1,4001. debenture interest, 5041 income-tax, and 1,5001. in full discharge of grant to Mr. J. Pim, leaving a balance of 13,3251. for .^tvidend. The capital account showed that 335,0001. had been received on shares and 182,2001. on loans, together 517,2001. The total expenditure on the Dublin and Dinpgs town Railway amontedto 432,2651., and the sum paid to Commisioners of Public Works on account of annuity in liquidation of loans and interest to 31st August last was 63,0001., including 3,0001. for the past half-year, maidn, the total payments from capitl 495,2651., leaving a balance of 21,9351 m Government stock and unpaid calls. It appears that 34,3181 was appropriated from revenue between February, 1836, and February, 1847, in liquidation of loans from the Commissioners of Public Works, and 2,6371. from the sale of lands and premises, making together 36,9551. from other sources than caDitaL The total amount borrowed from the Commissioner of Pablic Works was 112,2001., of which 77,3101. had been repaid, together with 22,6451. for interest, leaving a bslance of 34, 8891. still due. TRAIC RETURNS. Miles Pas- Mer. rote ! rotal, nanwa, open. aengeis. halse. 1557. 1856. Fortnlght endIng Aug. 15. Demnerara.... .. .. .. 764 Week ending Sept. 9. Northern of France.. . - . . - .. - ., 44,072 41,508 Week ending Sept. 13. Caledoian -r .. . . . .. i18 .. -ns1 IRIS lRAILWAY RETUJRNS, MADE UII TO TIM RPacrrVx DATES AS UNrnxs. 1857. MIe. Name f Balway S. . Y-£ a. d. Belfast andBalymena, Sept. 12 ... 120215 4 ., 991 0 0 Befastand conmty Down, Sept. 13 3. c50 0 4 30i 11 2 Oork and Bandon, Sepk 12 -.. . . 0512 9 22310 a Cork, B3aokrock, snd Passage Sept. 12 2i6 0 1 311 8 2 DubUn and Drogheds, Sept. 13 .. 1.92s 12 1 1,889 10 11 DubUn and Belfact Junctio, Sept. 13 1,268 12 0 3. ,2t6 13 9 InterestonNavaunrssch -- .. 10818 0 ., IS 'S Dublin and Wicklow, Sept. 12 1.971 13 9 .. 2,195 i25 Dandalk and Ennlikillen, Sept. 13 46115 7 37013 9 I Great Southern and Western, Sept. 12 7,200 11 9 8.2te 15 11 IrabhSouth-Eetern, Sept. 12 19112 2 ., 251 1- 9 lmlaneyJunction, SeDt.12 434111 8 451 1 S limerick And F0o,e, Sept.12 .. 10317 3 147 6 1 Lo'donderTy and Ennkill, Sept.1 804 18 6 .. 618 11 6 Londonderry and Coleraine, Sept. 12.. 332 2 8 . 29313 5 Midland Great Western, Sept. 13 .. 4,218 7 0 ., 4,4 613 1I lter, Sept. 13 .. .. .. .. L432 6 . 1,4 Waterford and Kilkenny, Sept. 12 .. 479 14 1 3 ,I Waterford and Limerick, Sep 12 .. 1,445 1 7 .1,9si Wabrfor4 aud Tramoe, Sept,n .. 217 7 6 .. 0
BU3NMG oF A CoWo W T MN, WILL MU -On Friday morning the new portf-o. vS a cotton malU lately ezected by Messrs. R. Iopwoc 1 and Son, cottoa8pinne;,j Nova Scotia, Blnckburn, and called " the hew ScotiA Ml,'" was destroyed by fire, being almost burnt to the gound. About U o'clook on the previous night the flames were discovered in one of the upper rooms. The Blackburn fire brigade, under the superintendenoe of Mr Wililam Smith, was immediately on the apot, accompanied by two fire engines, which were plaeed on the hank of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal (which runs near to the millj, and were soongot into play. Thetown 'hoseheel"wasalso romtly afiLxed to water mains connected with the Black. turn Vaterworks Company, in the factory yard and other places adjoining. By these means copious discharges of water were thrown upon the flames from no less than seven jets. For a time the flames baffled all efforts to subdue them. At 1 o'clock the roof of the building fell in with an awful crash, and the fire by this time had made its way into the three upper stories. The fire eDgine of Messrs. Ecoles and Sons, cottonspinners, then fortunately came to render further assistance, acoom. panied by a large number of factory operatives from aU parts of the town. Two hours afterwards the flames began to subside, bat were not extinguished until nearly four houra afterwards. After this end had been gained several hoses played upon the smouldering ruins at intervals throughout Friday. The building was erected five years ago, and was five stories hig It was chiefly used for spinning, and coatatined 12,000 spindles, besides the usual preparations. Three of the rooms are totally destroyed, and the others much injured. A weaving shed adjoining and belonging to the same firm, containing 200 looms, is also much damaged. The damage done to the premises is estimated at from 8 0001. to 10.0001X, and is covered by insurances. Beyond the loss sustained by this disastrous occurrence a large number of factory operatives are suddenly thrown out of esnployment, and the depressed state of the trade of thn town is such that they will have to remain idle a long time, The other portion of Messrs. Hop wood and Son's works resumed oeraion as usl on Friday morning. The origin of the fire is not known, but it Ig beieqred to have beam gw work of an incendiary.
RAILWAY AND MYNG SRARES. Saturday Evening. The railway-market has been quiet, and scarcely any fluctuations have taken place. London and North-Westem again receded; Midland were also fractionally lower. On the other hand Eastern Counties and Sheffield advanced. East Indian and Canadian show no important alteration. There was a further improvement in nearly all the leading descriptions of French. In miue3 East Basett and South Wheal Frances were higher. Joint-stock banks were in good demand, the transactions being nnnsually numnerous, but no variation oc^urred in prices. ln misceUaneous securities a slight reduction took place in Peel River Land
COMMERCIAZL INTELLGEyOE. T.TVlTJ - -. /n tra o n _ Jordan Wool has been In rather Ism sctive demand d;RlOr the wreek, and there will not be much doing till the next public sale take place 'which are fLxed for the end of the mouth SioDtch baa been In fae demaud, and late quotatlons axe wel suoppoted.t IkOBT FOR TlIX wxa ZNDD;O SIFPI 19. Foreign.. EM6 Pre'rionay t r ..355 Total 118969 WORCESTER HOP-Kl& I. SxPr. 19. To-day the annual bop fair wm held, and the upplyof hops broulht to rh ket was ob e of the largest that bac beenkown for a crest numo tbr o( vearve Indepndent ot the qu4ntity brouht into the market lat Saturdaiy and duroLg the Wetk, the reepta in tte coDr Of lae night and up to the 00enmencement of bouineas at midday were anerMouLa both from the Woroeeterhlro and neretordjebre idatbelo.. Although the supp.ly las o large, the picking is not yet detlad,4 and there wil be omonderable further suppie yet to comn Sh. There a aet d attendance oo botov Planters and deal the lattt cmin fro LodonandtbeMratuorthemntown, &t the be. g4nnig ofthe ey thre w Oas iUulyI &eafting Prime., tte desIre iewsbeing widely differentfromthoee of the rowers. ToWaco. the evenins, hDw~rurthee Wa more disdon ition to effet per chase, andtransction too aa e followinx rAtos : - See 7frew i b.e.to£ 5jd. pe w. eod ulity £3 - to£ .'.~~ES RETFORD Srr. #E Ther ios wlineg con sideabl upecetOyer abuthe duty Thmpes WLi onoed, altdothe nut y ireh the kingomr&&v 6ti o simated ate ove £ll00,000 lit. The nubRof pocet gounds op toehat acual Vtn~dth-~ gnort ive age aproinfrmationt to the nwuber broch Aloth mazethIn whrlne lla yetldat dublerd the abtone quantity. odqUA B VI H&IEAST ANEOD. Sg MRK= Sp. 19. one., althdg np ot m s ,Mb o brgti oormwsatibRcipt re lb. 75eber- frOin8 cwt totSowl,per acr. Atbrhn
IL TARY AND NA PKAL INTELLGENOJ. The depots of the 25th, 85th, and 91st Regimenta of Foot are to join the garrison at Pembroke. The depot of the 5st Foot, is under orders to leave, and two companiesof the 94th Foot have left to join head-quarter. The skffof the secor.d depot battalion has been again ordered to Pembroke. This staff wau removed to Preston early in the spring. The newly launched first-class frigate, the Melpomene, pierced for o0 gans, is being rapidly jury-rigged at Pembroke. She is to be immediately cominissioned at PortsmoLth. On Saturday orders were reoeived at Chatham by Colonel H. Jervis, commanding the troops at the provisional battalion, directing reinforoements for the 83d and S6thfRoyal County Down Rlegiment to be held in readinews to embark for India for the parpose of joining the head-quarters of those regiments. The detachments wiU namber 48 noncommissioned officers and men, and will go oat in charge of Ensign W. Thomson, 78th Highlanders, and Enign G. S. Jackson, 86th Regiment. With the view of having the recent order promulgated from the Horse Guards carried out relative to the formation of a second oompany to esch of the Indian depOts at the provisional battalion, Chatham garrison, the General Com. manding-in-Chlet has directed an order to be forwarded to every officer on the home station who is at present absent frona head-quarters on leave to prooeed at once to join his Indian depotatChatham, for the purpose of officering the second com. pany now being formed. The strength of each deptis to be raised to 200 men, exclusive of officers, andwhen the whol of the companies are formed there will be an available eserves of upwards of 5,000 Indian troops at Chatham ready for embarcation at the shortest notioe. The following officers have already joined their respective dep6ts at Chatham garrison :-C&ptal G. W. Wallace Carpenter, 7th Royal Fasileers, who takes the command of the depot of that corps; Captain W. Egerton Todd, 81st Regiment; Captain Spier Hughes, 84th Regiment, who takes the command of the second company now being formed; Lieutenant F. G. King, 81st Regiment; and Ensign Walter Morrison, 64th Regiment. The head-quarters of the Medical Staff Corps, under the command ot Major S. G. Buanbury, which have for some time past occupied the hats at Prince Henry'z Bastion, Chatham, have been removed to Chatham barrackg, in order to make room for the 3d depot battalion, under the eommand of Colonel C. Elmhirst, which will be quartered in the huts. The Falkhnd Islands Corps has also been removed from the huts to St. Mary's barracks. In consequence of the success attending the raising of the 2d battalion of the 2d Foot Government has determined to augment the army by the formation, at Shorncliffe, of a 2d battalion of the 4th Foot, in strength equal to a complete regiment, and orders have been Issued to commence recruiting for that purpose. The Unikid Sn-*ace Gazte says :-"A good servie pension of 1001. per annum has been bestowed upon Colonel J. IL Young, half-pay 5th Foot, Fort Major at Fort George, Inverness, an officer who entered the servioe 42 years since." The letters of our Malta correspondent extend to the 15th of September, and report the arrival on the 11th of Her Majesty's steam gunboat the Vigilant, from Aiers, off which p'rt, on the 8th, she left the British sua&dron, under Lord Lyong, shaping its oourse for MaltA and the Ionian Islands. Ier Majesty's screw steam gunboat the Wanderer left Malta at 11a m. on the 11th of Septembat for Cagliarz with a summary for telegraphic oommunication oftheintelligancefrom IndiawhichreachedSaezonthe 4thby thePekin from Bombay. The Russin Government steamer, Pitzssnda arrived at Mata on the 12th from London and Gibraltar, with stores, and left for Odessa, having on board Captain Andraeff and Engineer Labella, of the Imperial Navy. In a postscript oar correspondent advises the arrival on the 14th of the Indas from Southampton and tho Vectis from Marseilles. Both left for Alexandria on the morning of the 15th. The Vallett& arrived at Hadta from Alexandria on the morning of the 15th. The steam transport Lebanon, Cantain Cook, arrived at Portsmouth onSatuzday night from Cephalonla, whence she sailed on the 7th inst., with Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel Blount, Captains Cassidy and White, Lieutenants Ldght, Grace, Saunderson, Sparke, Ethelston, Cox, Thornton, Wilkinson, and Wolsey; Ensigns Marhall and Cavendlsb, Adjutant Covey, Surgoon O'Leary, Assistant-Surgeon Williams, Quarter-master Tanks, 581 non-commissioned officers and privates, 39 women, and 62 children of the 58th Regiment; also one private of the 3d Baffs. The troops will land to-day. The Kohinoor freight-ship arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday morning from the Thames to embark proviions, &c., from the Royal Clarance-yard, Gosport, for Hongkong. The Ireland and Bahiana steamships were both expectedK hourly at Portsmouth yesterday to embark troops foc India. The Prussian corvette Amacone, Captain Kuhn left Spithead on Saturday morning for Dantsic. The Chesapeake, 51, screw frigate, Captain Watson, C.B., Is expected to leave Spithead for Calcutta early this week, although about 50 short of her complement. The old Victory, now that the Is in the dock and dry, does not appear much " the worse for wear," but probably when she comes to be bored she will be found very unsouud. On the starboard aide forward, where the mooring chains lie, thowhole of the copper has been rubbed off, and the timbers to the extent of about five feet by four completely chafed. through; the bottom, of course, was oovered thickly witL mussels and weeds, &c. Captain John WilUiam Calmann W-ilAMS, of the ROyal Marine Artillery Corps, has been appointed Instructor in Fortification and Mechanical Drawing to the Royal Naval Colege, vice Savage, deceased. There are vacancies for boys for school apprentices on board the Victory at Portsmouth. Tuie boys must be ove: 14 and under 16 years of age; over four feet eight incheo high, from 14 to 15 years of age; over four feet 10 inches high, from l5 to 16 years of age; able to read and write well; strong, healthy, and well-grown; free from all physical malformation; and must be able to pass a strict medical exmination. They must have the consnt of parents or nearest relations. They are well cared for, educated, and have oertain employment until thev are 28 years' of age. All candidates from a distanoo must come at their own expense, and if rejected, must find their way back to their friends at their own expense. As it is desirable that boys should be properly clothed ac soon as possible, it is imperative that they bring 21 with them for that purpose. The Locust, 3, steam vessel, Lieutenant-Commander J. B- Field, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday morning from Ply mouth, with seamen-gunners, lent to the Agamemnon for the cable voyage, and supernumeraries. The WeDington, 72 guns, as commissioned at Sheerness on Friday evening by Captain Moore The Ganges, Captain John Fulford, left Sheernsss at 10 am. on Saturday for Portsmouth. THE MILITIA. The Royal South Middlesex (the 4th) Regiment of MlSitia will assemble for embodimert at the Military Stores, Hounslow, on Thursday, October L The regiment willbe commauded by Lieutenant-Colonel Scriven. The 3d Royal Surrey Regiment of Militia has been under trAining during the last few days at Kingston-upon-Thames. The Lincolnshire Militia are to be embodied, and notices have been issued for the 7th of October for that purpose. The West York Rifles are to be embodied on the 6th of October at the depOt, Pontefract, from which place it is expected the regiment will be sent on to Ireland, where it served for nino months during the late war. The Darham County Artillery Regiment of Militia is ap. pointed to assemble for training on Wednesdxy, September 30th, at the Sunderland barracks. The West Suffolk Militia has received notice from Cap. tain J. M'Gregor, the adjutant, that on Wednesdays, after the 22d inst., he will be prepared, at the regimental headquarters at Bury St. Edmands, to settle for the balance of bounty due to the voluntears of the eorps whose period of five yeas' servioe has expired. The regiment will be reformed without delay. The men of the Herefordshire Militia who have com- pleted their five years' service wi be discharged early In October, and the bounty wi be paid at the same time. Captain Money Kyrle, the adjutant, has given notice tha7 any qualified persons wiing to be attested will be then acceplted. Tho 2d Warvick Militia hare received orders to be embodied on the ]4th of October. The regiment is oomplete.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As a very old man and constant reader of your valuable paper almost from the day of its first issue, allowr me to ak your powerful influenoe In order to draw the attention of our rulers and authorities and the reflecting public to the great importance of having an early day appointed for humliation and prayer to Almighty God for the suooess of our arms, and for the relief of our fellow. countrymen nowu mffering in India. On all former occasions of war, pestilenoe, or famine this rouce has never failed, and especially during the late war with Riisia; and surely no event has been o widly calamitous and distressing to this nation as this murderons and dDngunaxy Indian rebellion. I am Sir. vnnr A ,4 ..._ W. SOLTAN. Clapham, Sep. 19.
CHINA. ({ROM Ot'-t OWN CORIRERSPONDENT.) HONGKONG, JULY 26. The steamer Ganges arrived here on the 22d inst., bringing the 10th of June mail from England. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's agent has made arrangementb for the steamer Shanghai to take the semi-monthly mail, and the steamer leaves this morning. By the Ganges we heard of the loss of the Transit in the Straits of Banca. On receipt of the intelligence Sir Michael Sey-our despatched the steamer Inflexible to Singapore, to be available for the conveyance of the troops. We may here mention that five of Her Majesty' 3vessels, bound from England to China, have, within the past few months, been on shore in the Strai t of Banca. In consequence of the unsatisfactory news from India Lord Elgin considered it advisable to leave for Calcutta, and he embarked, with his suite, on board Her Majesty's steamer Shannon on the 16th inst., and left the same day, accompanied by Her Majesty's steamer PearL The body of marines (about 350) which arrived here in Her Majesty's steamer Sanspareil on the 12th inst. bave been sent round to Calcutta in the Pearl. It is understood that his Lordship's visit to India will not be a protracted one, and tbht his object is to endeavour to make arrangements for a force to come round to China. The impression here is that some Madras Regiments may be ordered on. The cause of the diversion of the force intended for China is to be much regretted, but it is satisfactory to consider that the delay it occasions in the settlement of the ' Canton question' does not appear likely to create more extended differences betwten ourselves and the Chinese. Our intercourse with the Chinese in the North continues on the same friendly footing as previous to the disturbances in the South, and the prospect of a most flourishing trade being carried on at Sbanghai in exports and imports is favourable. Late accounts from the Canton River do not mention anything particular occurring there. Her Majesty's steamer Nimrod, Captain Devw, arrived here on the 17th inst. She has since proceeded, in company with Her Majesty's steamer Hornet, to the North. His Excellency Admiral Guerin left this for France on the 15th inst. in His Imperial Majesty's ship Virginie. Pekin (Jazettes come down to the 15th June, but do not contain anything of interest. His Imperial Majesty's ship Capricieuse was at Ningpo. The Portuguese Consll had removed for safety on board. In the late affray 45 Portuguese are said to have been killed, and of the opposite side six Canton men and one Englishman. The notorious pirate Apak had anchored his fleet -off Ningpo, and threatened to take the place if he was attacked by the French steamer. AU foreigners except Portuguese were living in .quietneas at Ningpo. We have no late dates from Amoy or Foo-Chow. From this there is little to report. Business in imports continues on a limited scale. Cotton very trifling sales. Pricew unaltered. Cotton yarn.- High numbers would sell at onr quotations. Nos. 16-24, $25, nominal; Nos. 28-32, $32 to $32 50c. Nos. 38-42, $40 to $42. Shirtings.-Transactions small; grays, 5i to 7 .catties, $1 80 to $2 40; whites, $2 20 to $3. Metals.-Little inquiry. Nail rod-iron as last <luoted; lead, $7 30 to $7 70; tin plates, $8 75. Rice.-The Chinese harvest has turned out better than wvas anticipated, and there has been no demand for foreign rice. Bengal quoted nominally $2 30 to $2 50. Sugar has further advanced. Exchange 5s. to 5s. id. on England, and on India 930r. to 232r. Bullion.-Sycee silver, 8i per cent. premium; bar silver, 9 per cent, premium.; gold leaf, $22 per -tael; Mexican dollars clean, J per cent. premium. Freights.-Tonnage is abundant. Shanghai advices are to the 15th inst. Sbirtings were dearer, the price of the native cloth being bigh. Grays, 5jd. to 7id.; catties, taels 1.5.5 to taels 2.3; whites, middlmg to good, taels 1.7.5 to taela 2.2. Teas.-Chest musters of 30 chops new teas from the Oopack and Kaisow districts had been received, and 19 chops were settled at 24 to 431 taels, 'or considerably above the London rates of the 10th of June. If the route remain open s large supply was expected. The black leaf kinds are fully equal in quality to former years, the few musters of Souchongs and Kisows received are inferior. The fine and finest leas had not yet arrived. One chop of green tea had been received. Five choDs of old Naugehow Congou were taken at 25 taels to 241 taels. Raw Silk.-Considerable fluctuations took place after the departure of last steamer. An advance of 15 taels was established, and subsequently a decline -of 20 taels. Settlements 6,000 bales, making the total settlemcnts of new silk 20,500 bales. Arrived 25,000 bales. Tsatlee, No. 1, $475 ; No. 2, 6455; No. 3, $435; No. 4, $420; throwns, skein, $275 to $280. Taysaam, No. 1, $385 ; No. 2, $370; No. 3, $350; No. 4, $330; inferior, 1$325. Exchange on England closed at 798. Id. to 7s. 2d.; 'On India nominal, rs. 330. Freights to Great Britain, 31. 10s. for tea, and o6l. 6s. for silk. Our advices from Manilla are to the 11th of July. Exchange on England 4s. 3d. Mexican dollars 15 to 18 per cent. pm. Sugar continuied high in price. Our latest dates are, from 1ingland, June 10; 'Calcutta, June 24; Bombay, June 29 ; Singapore, July 15; Manilla, July 11 i Sydney, June 8; Mel. tourne, May 29; Shanghaa, July 1v. JUILY 25 The Peninsular and Oriental Company have deter'mined to despatch the Sharghai to Galle, so that I bave an opportunity of adding a postscript to my letter, which went by way of Calcutta. I must mention that for several days the state of Sir John Bowring caused great uneasiness to his friends. He has had a bad attack of fever, but has recovered. He was at his office again yesterday. The achievements of the coral reefs in the Straits -of Banca ougbt to reach you much earlier than through me. Five vessels of war have been ashore in those Straits within the last 12 months. The Tran. sit alone of all the five made the mcat of the oppor. tunity, and went down. The Himalaya bumps, sacrifices a little coal and a little water, and proceeds on her way rejoicing. The Actron strikes, knocks away her false keel, and sails away all the better for it. The Transit takes the matter au srievx, and oces with all alacrity to the bottom. Since no lives Save been lost no one can regret the accident, except those unhappy Staff officers who had all their baggage on board. Government pays, but you cannot -compensate a man for all he loses on such occasions. You will be told of course that at any rate this was no fault of the ahip. Do your friends at the Admiralty believe in "luck," and witcheraft, and judicial astrology, and spirit-rappings? If so, the sane portion of the nation ought to be acquainted with their state of mind. Sane men who are not in the Admiralty judge a ship by herperformances. It may be and oftentimes is a ship's own fault even -hat she runs upon a rock, and her fault that she 'cannot be got off again. It must be her fault if she *constsntly succumbs to accidents which other ships survive. An invalid dies of a blow which would not affect a strong man, or a cripple is crushed by a descending force which an active man wvould avoid. People here say that the summer is more bhan usually unhealthy. There is a plague of boilb npon every one. General cannot sit down and ladies -cannot ahow their faces. The Inflexible paddlewheel steamer is gone down to the StrAits to bring off some of the troops. The Nimrod has arrived, SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. A BRRIvA -At Hongkong, 18th of July, the Ganntlot, from London; Shanghai, 12th of July, the Challenger, from London; 13th of July, the Sir I. Newton, from c ar. diff; 14th of July, the Bacohante, from LiverlI DXPArTURmS.-From Hong ong, 15th of July, the sbein -Snare, for Cowee; 18th of July, the Abeona, for LAver- ,pool. THE BanIsH AssooiATmoy..-It was stated in The 2imes lately that the city of Aberdeen had invited the Council of theButihAshodatlon to hold their annsal meet. Ing there in 1859, aDd that there was a likelihood of ob:41nIng the consent of ti. Prince Consort to preside in the event of the initgoa being sae.pted. The Provost has received an answer, in which Xr. Sabine says he had received a letter from Sir Jameo Clark, "notifyiDg, in answer to private communeatoms, ibe Princo Consort's wllingnefs to prsdo - at the meeting i 1859 at Aberdeen," and thus it may be considered as "a settled thing" that the AsFociation will reet during the auttumn, when the Court is at Balmoral. A committee was appointed, at a public meeting of the principal citizeas of Aberdeen, to make the necessary rassgements for the mceting.
THE MUTINIES IN INDIA. (A portion of the following appeared in our second edition of Saturday:-l We have received files of Calcutta papers to the 8th of August inclusive, also the letter of our Bombay correspondent of the 15th of August. By this arrival we have also received files of papers and our private correspondence from China to the 25th of July. The subjoined letter from our Bombay correspondent will be read with unusual interest:- " BOMBAY, AUGUST 15. "In the single announcement that Delhi was atM at the date of our latest accounts from Lahore in the hands of the enemy is contained all, or very nearly all, the intelligence of an unsatisfactory character that I have to communicate to you from the Presidency of Bengal; and this one announcement, -while ascribing to it its due, though no more than its due meed of importance, you will not I think be unprepared to receive. You are aware that, in spite of the considerable accession of strength gained by our forces in the arrival of Europeans and Sikhs from the Punjab during the last days of June and on the 1st of July, it was not thought prudeni to attempt the proposed assault; and, while you have gathered from my last letter that some little time mnist elapse before the arrival of further reinforcenents to any large amount, you have also read that severe, though victorious actions were fought on the 9th and 14th of July, by the losses sustained in which our already insufficient numbers were renderedyet more unequal to the service required. You will, then, I think, be prepared to hear, as I have always been prepared to write, that the army before Delhi during the interval between the 14th and the 2,th of July acted continuously on the defensive only. Two skirmishes took placeone on the 18th, the other on the 23d; but before making further allusion to these later engagements I will go back to the first fortnight of the month and the contests by which it was signalized, and of which details fuller than those that I was able to give you in my last have reached us. " The affair of the 4th, when the recently arrived Rohilcund mutineers came out and menaced our rear at Alipore and our communications with Kurnaul, hardly amounted to an engagement. The enemy's attempt was but a feeble one, considering their great strength, and on their return to the city they took a wide aweep round the right of our position, showing no disposition to bring on a combat, ,Ahicb, on the other hand, the force sent from the canmp to observe them had, as I am informed, orders to avoid. The action of the 9th, however, was very severe, resulting, as I have before written, in the supposed loss to the mutineers of 1,000 killed and wounded, and of 211 to ourselves. The fighting was mostly on the right flank and rear of our position, among the enclosures at and about the Subzee Mundee. As you are aware, this is the only kind of locality in which the mutineers show as soldiers to advantage. " Their fighting in the open," writes an oflicer from the camp, "is contemptible. They hold walls, &c., well." On this day the struggle lasted from 7 o'clock in the morning tiU nearly 4 in the afternoon, the great guns on the walls of the city firing incessantly till the enemy were driven in. At one period of the day a party of their cavalry, which had belonged formerly to an Irregular Regiment, made an irruption into the rear of the camp (possibly, it was feared with the connivance of a picket of Irregulas), and rode nearly through it, not doing much mischief fortunately, but causing considerable alarm among the followers, till attacked either by a picket of the 9th Iancers or by a party of Artillery recruits, and driven out with the loss of their leader and several men. The regiments principally engaged were the newly arrived 8th and 61st, and the Sikhs. Nine officers werewounded, one, Ensign Stephens, of the Rifles, mortally, and the whole loss is stated at 42 killed and 109 wounded. For four days after this combat none of the enemy showed themselves outside the walls of the city; but on the 14th occurred the I action to which I was able briefly to allude at the I end of my last letter. A body of the mutineers esti-. mated at 9,0) attacked the British position, as usual, on the right flank, and a smart skirmishing was kept up among tbe enclosures for three hours, when the enemy, fairly beaten out into the open, made for the walls in hasty and disorganized flight. Up to this time our people are said to have had only six men hit, but now, in their eagerness to punish the fugitives, they followed them up so far as to get within range of grape, and even of musketry, from the city, and suffered, accordingly, to the extent of 1171 killed and wounded. No officer appears among the killed, but Brigadier Chamberlain was wounded, though not severely, and seven other officers. The next aflair took place on the 18th, but was short and uneventful, though on our side one officer fell, Lieutenant Crozier, of the 75th. On the following day Lieutenant Rivers, of the same corps, died of cholera. The skirmish of the 23d, which was the next to follow, and is the last of which we have heard, was distinguished from its immediate predecessors by the circumstance that the enermy's attack was directed against the left instead of the right of our position. They came out in force by the Cashmere-gate, with several field guns, and moved straight upon our batterv at Metcalfe-house, under cover of a heavy fire from the walls. But here the ground is less cut up by enclosures than on our right, and consequently is less suited for the operations of the mutinmers. Attacked in flank by Brigadier Showers they fled with a precipitation that saved their guns and preserved themselves from any serious loss. On our side Lieutenant Law, of the late 10th Native Infantry, was killed, and four officers were wounded. All of the latter, together with the officers and men hit on the previous occasion, -were at the date of the latest accounts doing well. Up to the evening of the 27th no more fighting had taken place. The force is now commanded by Brigadier Wilson, of the Bengal Artillery, ill health having, as was anticipated, compelled General Reed to relinquish his post.* "It having been decided, as I hear from the camp, that nothing can be attempted against the city till the attacking army is largely reinforced, you will be anxioua to know from what quarters and to what amount reinforcements are procurable, and how soon they are likely to be united before or around Delhi. From the munjab on the one hand and from the valley of the Ganges on the other accessions of strength are to be looked for. Sir John Lawrence, the indefatigable Chief Commissioner of the Punjab, is at Lahore, bent upon directing on the revolted capital every European and every Sik, whether of the old regiments or the new levies, who can be spared from his loyal and now tranquil province. I say tranquil, because every regular infantry corps of the Bengal army serving in the Punjab has either been disarmed, or, having mutinied, has been destroyed or driven beyond the frontiers. " The vengeance taken on the latest mutineersthe 9th Cavalry and 46th Native Infantry, whose misdeeds at Sealkote I recorded in my last, has been signal. Not only, as I have before wzritten, was their mnain bedy twice attacked and wrell nigh annihilated by Brigadier Nicholson with his flying column, but their fugitives and stragglers who had escaped into Cashmere were sent beclk by Gholab Sin2h to the Britins authorities to the numrber, including cam followera, of 572. Of this number 78 troopers and men of the 46th were made over to Lieutenant M'Mahon, an assistant-commissioner, at the head of 30(0 of the new levies. That officer at once executed 68 of his prisoners, reserving the remaining 10, chiefly commissioned and non-commissioned officers, in order that a more formal and public example might be made of them. So again with the 55th, who long ago mutinied at Murdan, in the Hill country, and of whom many escaped across the frontier, and sought shelter with the mountain tribes. A strong party of these fugitives, attempting to cross into Cashmere, were attacked and beaten by the Eill men. Thirty-two of their number were taken and sent in as prisoners toMajor Becher,commanding intheHazarah country, by whom they were tried by court-martial, sentenced, and executed. At Mooltan, disaffection baving shown itself in the disarmed 69th, the Subadah-Major of the regiment 'was tried by court-martial under the presidency of the commanding officer of the Bombay Fusileers, and, being convicted on the clearest evidence, was blown from a 9-pounder gun on the 24th of July in preoence of the whole * 5. ia ieported to have s1ut died. brigade. The Bombay Fusileera may probably be pushed onto Delhi. O)ne wing reached Ferozepore towards the end of last mouth, and would either be moved on itself, or would set free the remaining wing of the 61st. A portion of the great Peshawur brigade will, I believe, be brought down. There are three fine Englihh regiments there, the 70th, 87th, and 27th, two troops of Horse Artillery, five companies of Foot Artillery, and twso field batteries. Then Niclolson's flying colunm, having purged the country of tbe Sealkote mutineers, is available for service before Delhi, where by this time it has, beyond a doubt, arrived. It brings to General Wilson the assistance of the 52d Light Infantry, Colonel Dawes's troop of Horse Artillery, Captain Bourchier's field battery, the 6th Punjab Infantry, and probably new levies to a considerable amount. The 2d Punjab Infantry and the Kumaon battalion of Ghoorkas have also reached the camp. The newly raised iikh levies under General Van Cortlandt ahould also be with the army by this time. The General has done excellent service in the Hurrianah district, to the north-west of Delhi, whicb, in conjunction with Lieutenant Pearse and his Bikaneer and other Irregulars, he has completely pacified. At Hissar, where the General joined Pearse on the 16th of July, the English officers found many melancholy traces of the massacre that there befell. The survivors who had returned with the force were able to point out several localities where they had seen men and women of their acquaintance shot or hacked. to pieces;-hic cecidisse legatos; ilhic raptas aquilas. Thus the skull of Mr. Wedderburn the collector, was identified and decently interre. With it were laid such portions of the remains of his wife and child, of Mrs. Barwell, and of another lady, as were removable from the spot, below the rampart, where they were cast down from their little room of which the bloodstained walls yet testified to the batchery that had been perpetrated therein. Mrs. Smith, wife of an assistant in the Kutcherry, took refuge with her five children amoong some tnick bushes in the garden of her house. The gardener knewv her retreat, but did not disclose it, assuring the mutineers who attacked and sacked the house that his mistress and her family had escaped to the fort; but a chokedar, or policeman, who was under deep obligations to Mr. Smith for recent kindness, found out the place where the wife and children of his benefactor were concealed, and with his own hand slaughtered every one. Portions of bloodstained attire were still clinging to the bushes when the bones of the victims were collected and interred. Of Lieutenant Barwell's bcdy no tracesa were found. Such of the prisoners taken by the General's force as were proved to have been concerned in the massacre were summarily dealt with. Mrs. Smith's murderer had escaped, as also had the man who shot Mr. Thompson, of the police; but both were known, and at the date of the letter from wbich T have gathered these details tbeir speedy apprehension was hopefully anticipated. The new levies were then (July 19) coming in fast. When joined bya party of 500 Irregulars of the Dogra tribe and 60 Artillerymen with two field pieces from Ferozepore, Van Cortlandt would move to the camp at Delhi, distant very little more than 100 miles, and there, as I have said, he has doubtless ere this arrived. " There Is, then, reason to hope that within the first fortnight or three weeks of the present month the force under General Wilson would find itself very greatly strengthened from the Punjab and the Nort'n-west. I do not like to venture even approximately upon the amount of the assistance thus to be rendered; but I may mention that the Punjab Infantry Regiments at their full complement are 900 strong, and that the Kumaon Battalion should muster 650 bayonets; for |the Queen's Regiments, we know how strong they ought to be, but not how strong they at this moment actually are; and of the new levies it is obviously impossibleto arrive at the number likely to be employed. I shall, however, not be surprised to learn that the aggregate amount of these reinforcements is at least one-half of the present effective strength of the Infantry of the army. But the North is not the only quarter to which General Wilson is looking for aid. Advancing from Allahabad, the little force under General Eavelock has steadily crushed all the vitality out of the rebellion as far as Cawnpore, and when Lucknow is relieved, it will be pushed on to Delhi with all the speed possible. From Cawnpore to the capital of revolt is 266 miles. This distance, if carts can be got in s-ufficient quantity, and if the pace is as good as that of Colonel Neill in his late advance from Allahabad to join Havelock at Cawnpore, may be got over in 10 or 11 days. But when we last heard of this band of heroes there was yet work for them to do before they could march Northward; there was still Lucknow to relieve. Between Allahabad and Cawnpore they engaged the enemy under Nena Sahib no fewer than four times in the course of five days, beating them alike in the open field, or when posted in strongly fortified positions, capturing all their guns, and finally entering and re-occupying Cawnpore. From his camp at that city Eavelock writes on the 17th of July, ' By the blessing of God I recaptured this place yesterday, and totally defeated Nena Sahib.' Then, after describing the position of the enemy, behind a succession of villages, and the obstinacy of the engagement for 140 minutes, till a flank movement gave him the victorv, he adds, ' Nena Sahib had barbarously murdered aU the women and children before the engagement.' So the tale of the dreadful massacre was discovered to be only too true. The men of Havelock's force found their way into the building where these poor creatures had been confined, and were horror-struck at the ghastly spectacle of a paved court deep in blood, and strewn with crimsoned fragments of dresses, and of a well in the compound choked with the stripped corpses of the slain. The number of those that here fell is stated at 32 women, with several children. AU the rest of the party that surrendered to Nena Sahib were fired upon and destroyed in their passage down the river, except some 20 men, who having swum on shore from a swamped boat were taken and blown away from guns. Eow many were the sufferers in all I do not know, but there were, I fear, two companies of the 84th there, a company of Artillery, all the officers of the regimeats that had mutinied at the station, and many others who had been detained there on their way to join their corps in the North-west. On the 20th Colonel Neill, with three more companies of the 84th, and some more of his own Fusileers, joined Havelock; and the same day Bithoor, the stroDghold of Nena Sahib, was occupied without opposition, and 13 guns were taken, though the miscreant himself escaped. When last heard of he was in Oude. We hear that a price of 5,000 rupees is set upon his head. Leaving Neill, now a Brigadier-General, at Cawnpore, Havelock crossed the Ganges, and moved towards Lucknow, distant 53 miles. On the 29th he reached Oonao, about a third of the distance. The town was strongly protected by nature and by the enemy,but he stormed it at the point of the bayonet, capturing all the guns, 15 in numb,er. Halting for four hours, he advanced to a village called Bupeer-ulgunge, also strongly fortified. This position he likewise carried, with its four guns His own loss was severe, amounting to 88 killed and wounded. The troops, as in his former actions, consisted of the 78th, 64th, and Madras Fusileers. All behaved splendidly. Dangerfield, of the Fusileers, was the first over the barricade. Lieutenant Bogle, of the 78th, Vas badly wounded while greatly distinguishing Iiimself, and is recommended by the General to the notice of the Duke of Cambridge. A private of the 64th, named Cavanagh would have been recommended for the Victoria &ross bad he survived. Lieutenant Seton, of the Fusileers, was severely wounded. In truth, this series of engagements, fought under the tremendous July sun by some 1,5O0 Europeans against bodies of the enemy probably five or mix times their number, must be regarded as not the least among the achievements of the matchless British Infantry. Considering the strength of the enemy's positions and their own daring their loshas been comparatively slight, and only one officer has as yet been to our know/ledge mortally wounded-MIajor Rtenaud, of the Madras Fusileers. You may, perhaps, get from Cslcutta later newvs of this noble force than I am able to give you, as also of the arrangements for pushing up the river the 5th Fusileers and newly arrived 90th. From that quarter, too, you will hear of the only other important piece of Bengal intelligence-the mutiny of the three Native 1 Infantry Regiments at Dinapore, the 7th, 8th, land 40th. At this late hour, when the tide has iairly turned in our favour, this proceeding on the part of regiments that have so long remained quiet is inexplicable. Her Mlajesty's 0th Foot and a battery of artillery were at the station, moreover, and, haX2vi 1og aserved tB t'e will now be ema ployed to punish, them. There now remain of the 74 Infantry Regiments of the Bengal army, armed and free from acts of mutiny, only, I think, the 66th (who are Ghoorkas), the 50th at Nagode, the 52d at Jubbulpore, the 65th at Ghazeepore, and the 73d at Jamaulpore. Perhaps the 31st, at Saugor, may be included. Of the Regular Cavalry aU the ten regiments have either mutinied or been disarmed. The 10th, however, it must in justice be said, is very stanob, and has done good service. Of the 18 Irregular regiments nine have mutinied or deserted to the enemy, while the contingents of Gwalior, Kotah, and other chiefs, and the whole Oude Irregular force, are gone to a man. " I have just seen a letter from the camp, dated 1 July 22. Brigadier Chamberlain's wound on the 14th was from agrapeahot, whlch struck him on the arm. In the excitement of the pursuit he approached too near the walls, as he afterwards allowed. Great interest was felt for this gallant and able officer. He was doing well and the doctors were trying to save his arm. 6ar loss, says the writer, was 16 officers wounded, and 230 men killed and wounded-considerably heavier, you wliU observe, than I had gathered it to be. On the 18th we bad 13 kiUed and 63 wounded. The Engineers and Sappers had been hard at work clearing away many of the buildings and trees in and about the Subzee Mundee. The attacks of the enemy were becoming less feeble. They were reported to be wanting percussion caps, and trying in vain to make tbem. Of powder, however, they had abundance, the heroism of poor WiUoughby and his companions having, as I have before mentioned, availed only to destroy the small-arm magazine. Dissensions were growing among them; the Commanderin-Chief, an artilleryman from BareiUy, by name Buktahir Khan, had been deposed, and the Prince Mirza was again commanding. Our troops were tolerablv healthy, though cholera appeared occasionally. The Carabineers had just lost an officer by that diseaseLieutenant Ellis. The army is in want of a first-class siege train; that brought from Phillour was only a third-class one. Two out of six howitzers are rendered unserviceable. We have six 18-pounders and one 24-pounder, taken from the enemy, four 8-inch howitzers, and four 8-inch mortars at work. " Rajpootana remains perfectly quiet. Ajmere, Nusseerabad, and Neemuch are garrisoned by the column from Deesa, the 83d Foot, 12th Bombay Native Infantry, and Artillery. The Bombay column from Poonas, under Brigadier Steuart, entered Mhow on the 30th of July, and was welcomed by Hungerford's battery in the fort with a right Royal salute. Of Scindia we stiU hear nothing. Holkar's dominions are quiet, and so are those of the Ranee of Bhopal. The Saugor and Nerbudda territories are safe. That queer regiment, the 31st, at Saugor, which, after frightening its officers into the fort by its mutinous appearance, took up arms under its native officers and drove the mutinous 41st out of the cantonment, remains stationary and quiet, while a detachment of the same 41st thus expelled for mutiny distinguished itself a few days afterwards by beating off a body of Bundelas who attacked their station at Dumoh 1,000 sxtrong. The 52d at Jubbulpore have never wavered, and will, it may be hoped, agree well with the column from Kamptee which has now arrived at the station, and which consists entirely of Madras troops, six or eight companies of infantry, a squadron of cavalry, and three guns of the Nagpore Iregulars, though worked, by the by, by Earopeans. In the Madras Presidency neither Nagpore nor Hyderabad has hitherto given any cause foralarm. The columnfrom Bangalore sent on Kurnau, to watch the southern frontier of the Nizam's country, is now in motion. It consists of the head-quarters and right wing of the 12th Lancers from Bangalore, a squadron of the 3d Light Cavalry from Arcot, and one of the 5th from BeDary, the head-quarters and right wing 74th Highlanders, and 60th Madras Native Infantry from Bangalore, two horse artillery guns, and two guns of a field battery. Brigadier Whitlock is in comrnmand. The Hyderabad Contingent has a force out at Edlabad, in Northern Berar, under Major Orr, a regiment of infantry and a wing each from two others, a regiment and a-half of cavalry, three companies of artillery, with 14 guns, Moreover, of its regular troops, Madras has sent a complete brigade to Calcutta-the 17th and 27th Native Infantry, the 8th Light Cavalry, and a troop and a company of Native Artillery. To make up in some degree for this drain upon his army Lord HIarria in Council has ordered three additional infantry corps to be raised with all speed. " I come to our owrn Presidency, and greatly I regret to have at last to teU you of an outbreak in a regiment of the Bombay army. I trust that the mutiny has been crushed. I will even venture to say that I think that it has. I by nomeans despair of the Bombay army, the circumstances of this particular outbreak being, I think, sufficiently exceptional to warrant the entertaining a great, if not a perfectly unshaken, confidence in its loyalty as a body. The 27th Bombay Native Infantry was raised in 1846, mainly from the turbulent native State of Sawunt Waree. In 1857 it happens to be quartered at Kolapore, in the immediate neighbourhood of its original birthplace. I think it highly probable that this proximity was partly the cause of the event which I am about to narrate. Before daylight on the morning of Saturday, the 1st, this day fortnight (it is one comfort to reflect that in 14 days no second explosion has taken place), about 150 men of the 27th turned out of their lines with loaded firelocks, attacked and lundered the house of their commanding officer, Major Rolland, who had escaped sith his wife to the house of Colonel Maughan, the Resident, (for Kolapore is a Mahratta State, and has a Rajah,) sacked the treasury of about 40,000 rupees (4,0001.), robbed the shroffs or native bankers in the bazaar of all the money and jewels in their nossession, and then betook themselves to a 'high-walled enclosure. When day broke Colonel Maughan took a party of the Kolapore Local Infantry Corps, distrusting the 27th, to attack the mutineers, but failed to make any impression upon them (I am not sufficiently informed to know why), and withdrew; thereupon the mutineers moved out of the enclosure and marched to a town called Kagul, on the Belgaum road. But there, whether they had been in previous concert with the regiments at Belgaum and found their expectations of a rising at that station disappointed, or whether, as is more probable, because they were a mere aimless lot of plunderers, they abandoned the Belgaum road and struck across country to the point where the Kolapore road to the seacoast descends the Western Ghauts at Pboonda. Here, unfortunately they fell in with three young officers of the regiment, Heathfield, Stubbs, and Norris, who had led from Kolapore and were making their way to the seacoast, when they were seized and slain by the mutineers. The murderers then appear to have dispersed. Some 20 went back to the old enclosure at Kolapore,and were attacked by some of their own regiment and of the Southern Mahratta Horse and captured, with the loss of five kIlled. A large number of others were taken in the Sawunt Waree State, having thrown away their arms, but still wvearing their greatcoats, and laden with rupees. Other stragglers are constantly being brought in by the villagers, to win the large rewards onered by G3overnment to any one whoapprehends a traitor. Such was the Eolapore revolt, which, I venture to think, was less a mutiny of the Bengal type than an asociation of the bad men of a regiment for purposes of plunder, and which is, therefore, I think, less likely to find imitators. When the news reached Bombay a wing of the 2d Europeans had just entered the harbour from Kurrachee. Three companies were immediately despatched to Goa (the usual ports being inaccessible in this weather, and the Portuguese Governor-General having already proffered his services), for Belgaum, and twvo, with a couple of little mountain train howitzers, to Viziadroog, for Kolapore. Of the latter little force a small detaiwas sent to Rutnagherry,fwhere a detachment of the 27th is stationed, and for Sawunt Waree a company was sent from Bombay of a regimnent the recent arrival of which from Mauritiu has greatly delighted us, the 33d, under Colonel Johnston e, C. B. I mentioned some time ago that the Pottinger, with Captain Jenkins, of the Indian Navy, on board, had gone down to see whether-Sir Isaac Higginson could do anything for us In our denuded state. Captain Jenkins reached thQ island late at night on the 19h of July, knockod uD the Governor, who assembled his council, reNd the letters from Bombay, and decided on sending every man they cold spare. On the 23d six companies of the 33d had sailed in tho Pottinger. On the 25th a sailing ship, the Canning, got under way with another company of the regiment and a full company of ihe Royal Artillry, and the two vessel; entered. the harbour together ot the 6th of . ;ia montb. iOa the 25th. k Madras steawr, reached the YIauritius and was to sail for troops to Algoa Bay on the 27th, with Captain Jenkinr on board, A rship, the England, was chartered by the captain for the same port with 1,0001. borrowred from a merchant (we must get hold of his name), who himself offered the loan, and wanted him to take 10,0001. The Assaye steam frigate left this yesterday for the Mauritius to bring the two remairidg companies of the 33d and a wing of the 4th, if they shall have reached the island. " There has been a considerable amount of alarm here, and the approach of the Mohurrum is also disquieting too many people, but no well-informed person, if it be not on account of the affair at Kolapore, has any apprehension of danger. The Poonah Moolavie is under arrest on board a ship of wrar ia the harbour, while the plot he was concocting is being unravelled. An accomplice at Belgaum ia taken, and is under trial. The Rajah of Sattara-so caled, though only an adopted son of his father, and by us unrecognized-and his father's two widows, have been brought down from the Deccan, and are at present residing under surv eilance on an islet in the harbour known as Butcher's Island, -while his former vakeel, Rungo Bapojee, is still at large. After his known intrigues against us it is as -well that one of whom such a tool might be made as the Rajah should be out of the way. " I am delighted to say that the miseries of famine are not likely to be superadded to those of the mutinies. We have had for the larst fortnight an invaluable fal of rain, which has filled the tanks here and saved the crops both in the Concan and in the Deccan. It is still blowing very hard, with a heavy sea outside, though the coasting trade nominally opened on the 6th, with ' Cocoa-nut Day.' Exchange on London, 2s. lid. II"Goverment has extended the privilege accorded to 4 per cent. paper holders, of paying into the S per cent, loan partly in cash and partly in paper, to the holders of 3& and 4i per cent. notes, the former in the proportion of two-fifths in notes and three-fifths in cash, and the latter three-fifths in notes and twofifths in cash. Four per cent. paper stands at 82; 5 per cent. at 93J." CALCUTTA. We take the folowing summary from the Bengal Hurkaru of August 8:- " A fortnight has passed away since we last wrote our sumnary, and how do we rstand? Then the thermometer was low, now we regret to record it is lower, and faUing, faDing stiUl. The sucoesful mutiny of the native troops at Dinapore, the insurrection of the 12th Irregular Cavalry at Segowlie, the rising of the Zemindars in a portion of Behar, the revolt of the troops at Hazareebagh and on our Eouth-eastern frontier, have brought the troubled waters nearer to our own doors; but though an incalculable amount of mischief has been thereby caused this is almost counterbalanced by the fact that these disastrous events have at last opened our rulers' eyes to the magnitude of the crisis. Not three weeks have elapsed since a deputation of Calcutta merchants waited upon the Governor-General, and representing the vast amount of interests at stake in Tirhoot, earnestly solicited the disarming of the three native regiments at Dinapore; they pointed out how this might easily be effected; how a steamer, conveying an European regiment, might stop for three hours at Dinapore, while the men, aided by Her Majesty's 10th Foot, could perform the operation. In vain; not an hour could be spared; troops were so urgently required elsewhere-for this or for some equaly powerful reason the recommendation of the mercantile community was not adopted. Had their advice been taken the troops would have been delayed three hours, and wouldhave proceeded on their joarney rejoicing. Because it was not taken, those troops, and others, 'whose services are most urgently required in the North West,' will be detained in the Behar district for weeks, if not for months. Our European troops for the first time during the insurrection have me; with not only a check but a very severe loss, and the whole of Behar has been placed, momentarily only we trust, at the meroy of 3,000 insurgents, flushed with succes and eazer for piUage. Measures have been taken to intercept the insurgents before they can cross the Ganges at Buxar, and directed as those measures have been by a very able officer, Major Vincent Eyre, we have every hope that they wil be successful Should they fail, and ahould the Sepoys cross there or elsewhere, they will probably attempt to reach Oude by the Ghazeepore and Azimghur routes. We believe, however, that Major Egre's vigilance will have forestalled them. For his conduct dutring the mutiny at Dinapore Major-General Lloyd has been removed from his command, and General Ontran has been invested with supreme military control over the united Cawnpore and Dinapore divisions. " B:igadier-General Havelock's operations teU their own tale. On the 19th Bithoor was occupied, on the 26th and 27th a force numbering 1, 600 fighting men crossed the Ganges. On the 19th they fought two bloody but successful actions at Oonao and Bissaruthgunj; on the 30th and 31st General Havelock sent back his wounded and sick to Cawnpore, and received in lieu reinforcements to a greater extent. On the 1st of August he recommenced his march towards Lucknow, and was confident of being able to reach it on the 8th (yesterday). In the last action the enemy fired kunkur aud telegraph wire from his guns, thus showing the barrenness of his supplies. II Our force still continuedbefore Delhi; if up to the latest dates that city had remained uncaptured, it is equaUy a fact that the enemy had been repulsed with heavy loss in all their attacks. Many of the3e were of a very serious nature, and from 10 to 12 hours in duration. Fighting sheltered behind parapets and towers, or ensconced in houses, the rebels had shownnot only a bold but a stroDg front. But whenever they had appeared in the open the superiority of Plassey, Deig, and Aasaye had been conspicuously maintained. The force was at the latest date commanded by Brigadier-General Wilson, of the Artillery, an officer of high reputation-his two predecessors, Generals Barnard and Reid having been carried off by cholera within a few days of one another. "The wisdom of disarming every regiment recruiting in Oude has been evidenced by the state of affairs in the Punjab. Those stations where that measure wvas carried out have remained perfectly quiet; the others, where it was neglected, have been the scenes of turbulence and uproar. The 55th Native Infantry at Jhelum, the 46th Native Infantry and 9th Cavalry at Sealkote, have all mutinied, aud inflicted some damage. The two latter corps rwere, by the latest accounts, being hotly pursued by Brigadier Nicholson, who had alhrdy inflicted some chastisement upon them as they endeavoored to crors the Chenab. Meanwhile the Sikhs continued loyaL. Under the energetic supervision of Sir John Lawrence many thousands of them are being armed and drilled. The manifesto issued against them by the Delhi insurgents and the punishments or ratber tortures inflicted on all who have faUlen into their hands entirely preclude the idea of the Sikhs ever making eommon cause with the Elanees. We believe we can trust them; it is neeesary at all events that the experiment should be tried. " Agra is in the hands of the enemy; the feit is still in our possession, and as it is garyisoned by an lEuropean regiment, and is wel provisioned, no fean are entertained as to the ability of its garrison to hold out. It is, however, isolated, *nt o;F' from communication with the other parts of Indis the surrounding districts are held by iwsrgensfs, who seem to look upon the country as etesiialy ,.ost to the British. " Warned by Ihe occurrences aSt Dinapor, the Government at lat made an Mtempt, and :.ortunately a succesal31 attempt, to disarm the !native regiment at Bowhampore. This is the solitarw item of good fortue which this mail will take home. Everything else is dark and dseary as can vv .11 be. " In Calcatta we have bad another 'Tanic,' as the determsation of the Calcutta pub]T ic to be forearmed as welU as forewarned is sty) ed by one of the wise officials in this city. Had f,he Government been left to its own devioes w might have seen on the Sd and 4th inst. another *edition of the emeuii so sucecessfuUy performed at l.deerut, Lucknow, A2imghur, Cawnpore, and Yfinapore. The pertinacity of the C&lcutta public ar Td the resolution of the press dxcove the Gover ament to adopt pTecautionary rueasures, -hilr,, at the same time, they showed their ae of the impending danger by stationiug 'strong night guards at Govern,%utthouse aEd 'at Belvidere, theresi- dence of Mr. Halliday. Happily these precautions proved sufficient, and the Mahomedan festival of the Bukreed passed off more quietly than in any previous year in the recollection of the oldest inhsbitant. Much of the credit of this is due to the Volunteer Guards, who, gentlemen by birth or position, and many of them men of independent forthme, sbared with the European soldiers the fatigue of three days' garrison duty. " Our obituary list is very heavy this fortnight. Foremost am.ng them are Major Bauks, Colonel Goldie, and Captain Beatson, all of whom deserve separate notices. We have already referred to the loss of Generals Reid and Barnard." LATEST INTELLIGENCER (From the Phonmi BRtra.) CALCUrTA, AuG. 9. The news received in town yesterday is good. General Havelock has been reinforced, though but slightly. The following was received from Government late this evening:- " General Neill writes to the Commander-InChief, on the 3d inst., that General Havelock was to advance again towards Lucknow the following day."* Lord Elgin has arrived in Her Mlajesty's steam frigate Shannon, with 700 Mlarines and Artillerymen. 300 more are expected immediately, and further very large reinforcements by the 22d. The Shannon is herself one of the heavy class frigates, powerfully armed. Lord Elgin landed about 6 o'clock last evening under a salute, and was received with great cheenng by a large crowd of the Christian community at the Ghaut. News reached town yesterday that the little band at Arrah are still safe. The defence they have made has been of the most noble character. Thera were 50 Sikh Sepoys, and they, to a man, fought like heroes. Their first discharge killed upwards of a score of the rebels. The Dinapore artilery are reported to have destroyed upwards of 500 of the Sepoys who were passing down the Ganges in boata. Five large boats were entirely destroyed. The artilery was on the river bank masked. * We have ourselves received the following most satisfactory news :-" General Havelock left Cawnpore again on the 4th of August for Lucknow, havig replaced his sick and wounded with fresh men.' THE MAUTINY AT DINAPORE AIND THE DISASTER AT ARRAH. (From the fcuauaa Engtishmnan) On the arrival of a detachment of Her MIajesys 37th at Dinapore en rotde to Ghazeepore, the Brigadier-General took that opportunity of removing from the magazine (which was most imprudently built near the native lines) all the percussion caps and nearly all the ball cartridges to the Artillery Barracks. Some Sepoys imrnediately cried out, " They are removing our anmmunition; stop it, and kill the officers." It is said the Assistant Adjutant-General, on hearing this, ordered the guns to be brought forward, but the order was almost immediately countermanded I Soon after the General sent a message to the mutineers, at 6 or 7 a.m., that if they did not deliver up peaceably by 4 p.m. the ammunition, he would punish them; thus the mutineers had about nine hours' time to arrange their plans of attack, &c. It seemrs they spent that time in filling their pouches with cartridges, and in sneaking off in siall numbers out of cantonmente. This move was not known till about half-past 2 o'clock, when signals were fired from the outpost stationed in the European Hospital. The alarm being sounded, the guns, six in number, went out and found the " Jacks" had got a start of a mile, after whom they sent some round shot, which seem to have had no effect, for, probably, not more than one of the rebela was injured. Two companies of mutineers took to boats, with the intention of calling in on the station of Bankipore and the city of Patna, but their intentions were frustrated by the execution of the rifles of Her Majesty's 37th from shore and on board the steamer. The steamer's guns likewise opened upon them, and not a soul of those afloat lived to see Patna, though their corpses must have passed tbe city in numbers. The rifle practice was superb, almost every ball knocking a mutineer into the water. Those who kept to the land bolted in a south-westerly direction, and it i3 supposed they will skirt the river Soane, and eToss it at some distant point, and then push on for the Grand Trunk Road, and try their luc; at Butar and Ghazeepore. The Brigadier-General, when l;be cannonading commenced, it is said, very pruden.lyleft the station for the steamer, and the cantonment vwas under no command; every officer acted independently and to the best of his judgment, and consequently matters were at sixes and sevens. It is fortunate for us that the Sepoys were such arrant coward; for had they made a stand there was no one to give the necessary orders, and the cantonments and the whole province of Behar would have been at the mercy of the mutineers. Fears are now entertained for the residents of Mozufferpore and Chupra, as also of Bhaugulpore, where the 5th Irregulars are shaky. We must have more Europeans at Patna; 80 men and two guns are now here, but that is not enough. DINAPORE, JULY 30, G P.M. We have just arrived, and have learnt very saA news. It seems a force left this by steamer the daybefore yesterday, consisting of about 350 men of the 10th and 37th, and 50 Sikha, bound for Arrah. They were landed abreast of the place, marched up to it, and attacked the enemy. The result is mostmournful to record; tbey were of celirse immensely outnumbered, and. afber hard fightung h4d to retreat, having suffered a fearful loss of abOut 20 killed and wounded, among: whom are eight officers. The remnant made good theirretreat to the steamer, and returned here about 12 o'clock to-day, bringing with them a great number of the wounded. The General sent 100lmen and 2 guns away from here to-day, so that only about 250 men and 4 grns now remain for the protection of this place. Bverybody is cursing his incapacity whose mismanagemenk has brought about these, disasters. The Bombay left an hour agp on her way down to meet the Charles Allen, and hasten the arrival of thie reinforcement she caes. It is not at a}l improbable now that an atback will be made by the insurgents upon this plae-indeed, it is- reported that they soe. on their way down. The following acoount is- dated Dinapere, August 1:- " I send you n. aocount of a most tragical occur. rence that has tlhrown a gloomn on the whole station, but all owmng to the- people at thae head of affairs here. "Tnstead cd the enemy being pursmed at once, while the paic lasted, tihree days were suffered to e]apee and tAhn a part, consisting of nr-Majesty's 37th, Her Ms~esty's 1tth, and Sikhs, making in aR 400, were despatched by steamer to the nearest poimt on iO river to Arrah, which Is about 14 miles inland. The men were lancded and marched by moonlight til about 11 o'lock, when. the moon went down, and when they should have halted; but the officer in command obstinately pushed on in the dark, in an uaknown country, in the face of a powerful army, the men tired, and hungry, and discontented. What conld be expected ? They fell into an ambush of about 2,000 men, partly Sepoys and partly men belonging to KourSingh, a powerful landholder in these parts. A murderous volley was poured in, and a good many fell. This created a panic, and the men separated, and did not join altogether till morning. The officer commanding the party, Captain Dunbar, was killed by the first volley. The rebels kept up a heavy fire all night upon our men, which they retured,but in the morn- ing a precipitate retreat was made by our men. From all I can ascertain they would not listen to their officers, but it was a case of every man for bimself. The slaughter on our side was dreadfulabout 150 killed, and hardly a man unwounded. " Among the officers eight feU killed or mortally wounded, and several wounded returned to the station. "Among the killed were-Captain Dunbar, 10th Foot; Lieutenant Anderson, late 22d,volunteer; Lieutenant Iugilby, late 7th, volunteer; Lieutonant Sale, Hefr Majesty's37th ; Ensign Ekino, Her Majesty's 10th; mate of steamer killed; a railway volunteer also. The names of others I cannot find
COWMTMRWT AT, TTTT.TTTP THE CALCUTTA MA1KT. ;5ATURDAY, AUGUST 6. The Peninsular and Orientil Company's steamship Nabia arrived here on tbo 31st nlt. with the London mail of the 24th of June, and her prckets were distribated the same evening. The commercial advices from home asregards Indian staple artidces seem o be on the whole unfavourable, andare calculated still further to interfere with our export trade. The disastrous occurrences In the Upper Provinces, in which we regret to say the provmce of Behar has lately ahared, continue to keep the whole country in a paralysed state, and in the midst of sach a criss, unprecedented in the annals of India, it is naturally to be supposed that trade will occupy but a small ortion of the attention of the mercantile community. Such has b the ce as regrd our cty inoe the despstoh of the lat mail; many of the commercial community abandoning their usual occupations, have takcn an active and personat part in the measres adopted for the preservation of order and tranquility in the city. Three weeks hare elapsed sines our Ast irme, and the stagnaton int our produce market whish we then reported has continued. ay, in some inxianaes, le inclxnatioa has been shown by shipters to enter into olerations, and we have therefore had but a Tery Umited ousina in the intervaL. Our prospects of the indigo crop have become lees favourable, the heavy rains throughout Bengal casuing much damage to the plants. In sugar very little has beea done. Rice has scarcely attracted attention for the European markets Saltpetre hs scontanued steadyowlingtoamll stocks and the demands for America Raw silk ha been in small request, and prices are again lower. Some small parcels of corahs have been placed at reduoed prioes, bat we have little inquiry for theee goods. Lao dye has re- ainaed dull. A good demand baa prevailed for shell lao at extreme pnoces. No trar,sactions in jnte for want of sap. plies. Liaeed firm, but the demand is chiefly confined te America. Bape seed unaltered. Nothing doingia se.owrer. Hides continue writhout any ohangs, and ln limlited requet We are stil wfithout the measul of reporting an imapeove.I ment in our import' market, which on the whole re in the same depressed state as for the past two mronths and although occasionally holders succeed In finding pur. chasers for certain descriptions of goods at a sacriiioe, this cannot be considered as a sign of ooming activity. IBritish cotton piece goods the transactions are still limited, the prices of almogt all sorts of cloths being nominal, and stocks heavy. We need not alude to the causes which havesuch a depressing effect on our import market, and so long as the North-West Provinces rem-in in the same deplorable state as at the present moment, and so long as the communication with those provinoes is not restored, nothing will help to bring on an improvement. On the contrary, -we may yet have to witneSS a wore state of affairs than that we are now passng through, as the injurious effects of the destruction and devastation caused by the mutineers throughout these provinoes -wrill be more acutely felt hereafter. Money-market.--In consequence of the late financil masure of our Government proposing to receive subscrip. tions to the five per cent. loan in cash and in four per eat. securities in equal proportions, and again in four-and.ahalf and three-and-a-half per cent. securities in certsin proportions, our market has been in a rather excited stte, verging apparently towards an incressing tightfless. The rates of interest and discount of the Bank of Bengal have likewise been increased 2 per cent., the following being now fixed:- Discount.-On private billa and notes at or within three months, 11 per cent.; on general acceptances ditto, 9 per eent; on general acceptances baving 20 days, or iess, to ron, 6 per cent.; on Mint certificates, 5 per oent. Interest Changed.-On fixed loan and cash credits not exceeding 90 days, on deposit of Company's paper, 10 per cent.; on deposit of goods, 11 per cent. We find that the cash in the bank, according to the last weekly statement, dated the 4th inst., has decreased to Company's rupecs 114,34,212-15a;. In connexion with this subject we may mention that a six per cent. Government loan for one year has been announced in the Punjab, but we have no rneans of knowing whbther snch a measure is likely to prove successful, tbongh, jndging from the aspect of affairs and the state of public feeling, it woould have met with little favour bero. Joint-Stock Shares.-The disturbed state of the country and the position of the market for company's paper have had a depressing influence on all joint-stock shares. Bengal Bank shares are dull at quoWatiomm. Steam Togs can barely be sold, save at a discount; for (.angos shares there is no inquiry whatever. The Docking Company have just de- lared a dividend for the past h4lf-year at 12 percent. per annum, with prospects of a still imore favourable result at! the end of the year. Assnm sharcs continuo In favour. In I Bengal Coal and East India Coal shares thore is little doing, ! hut the demandfor coal is extensive and iocreasing. Oriental Gas shares are wanted at nar. Government Securlties.-On the day our last numbor was issued and before the mail had closed, a Government notification announced to the public that subscriptions would be received in the five per cent, loan, half in cash and half in four per cent. Government securities. A subsequent notification announced that four and-a-halfand threeand-a-half per cent. securities wo,uld likewlse be received in the following proportions. i. e., three-and-&half per cent. notes in the proportion of two rupees in notes to three rupees in cash; fonr-and-a-half per cent. notes *in the proportion of two rupees in notes to one rupee in cash; provided, bowever, that the total sums suscribed in notes and cash are in even hundreds. This measure, which bad been recommended to the notico of the GoverDment by the public sotme time ago, if adopted in proper time, would have proved successful, but under existing circunnstances the general belief seems to be that it will prove a failure. Under this belief and the uneertainty as to what other measures the anthorities might think fit to have recourse to in order to meet the urgent wants of the State, any improvement has been prevented in value of the four per cents., and fives have considerably depreciated. Soon after the announeement our rates advanced a little, but they have since assumed a dewnward tendency, there being very little disposition on the part of dealers or capitalists to operate in securities in such times as tbese. The concesdon made by Government, coming as it does at the eleventh hour, and under extraordinary circumstances, instead of conferring a benefit on the public, has proved injurious to the interests of stockholders, especlally of those of the five per cent. securities. We now quote the Sicca and Company's fours at 18r. to 18r. 8a., and fives at sr. to 8r. 8a. per eont. discount. The four-and-a-half and three-and-a-half per cents. are nominally quoted, the forme.r at 15r. and the latter at 25 per cent. discount. Exchange on London.-The uiarket for the present mail has ruled steady at 2s. 2 1-3d. tn 2-. 2:1d. for six montW sight. America and other first-class credits have also been sold at the same figure. Doeuiment papers may be quoted at 2s. 21d. to 2s. 2d. per rupee. Freights.-We have to notice a slight improvement in the rates to Great Britain, in conse-juence of the arrivals lately not proving large, and tonnage for China continuing to be taken up for rice. We new quote 41. to London and 3& 12a. 6d. all round to LiverpooL Por France two or three vessels have obtained cargoes at 130f. to 140f. a ton, but we have experienced no demand for the continent of Enrope. For China the rate has continued at SI per bag, but at prevent we have few shippers,who are looking out for advi:es from that country daily expected by the steamer. A large business has been in progress for the Mauf.tins, to which at this time of the year many vesels xre inclined to proceed to carry home hence the new crop of sugar, and our rates have,therefore, slightly gven way, being now vr. 7a. to Ir. 8a. a bag. For America gil1 to 512 per ton is still being paid, and for Australia small vessels have obtained 41. 1s. We have scarcely any change for other quarters.
THE RELIEB OF ARRAIT. TO TIE EDITOR OF 'I HE TIMES. Sir,-It may probably quiet the anxieties of some having relatives or friends at Arrab, and it will, I am sure, be gratifying to the public generally, to know that the heroic little garrison at that place, consisting of only some half-dozen English gentlemen, 46 Sikhs, and 15 European and half-caste subofficials and -persons connected with the railway, after having most gallantly repulsed an attack of 2,000 of the mutineers from Dinapore, with a loss of, it Is supposed, more than 50 to the enemy, killed and wounded, and with only one wounded on their side, were, afterthe expedition for their relief from Dinapore had failed, ultimately relieved by a detachment under Major Eyre, Bengal Artillery, on the evening of the 3d of August from Buxar. I am enabled to give this joyful intelligence on the authority of letters received by some of my parishioners deeply interested in the welfare of the garrison. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. B. CHAPMAN. YIcaAge, LeAtherbead.
PODUB MORBE BhVOLISHIffNSAYED FROM CA WEN- POlRE. TO THE EDITOR OF T1E TIME1S. Sir,-The following important intelligence was received yesterday (by the mother of the last-named of tho two officers) in a letter from Mr. Currie, of Calcutta, dated August 7:- "Extract of a letter from Capthin II. Bruce, dated Cawn. pore, July 31, 1857. "Lieutenant Delafosse, Captain Mowbray Thomson, 53d Native Infantry, and twc Europeau soldiers are safe at Niahgarh (24 miles down river, on the Luc'ktnow side), and all General Neill's great energio-s are being directed to their recovery." The writer adds:-" The latter part of this sentence relersnotonlyto the NM5;urb prity, but also to some Europeans said to be at Cal pee, across the Jumna." I am. s-ir sour obedient servant. W. G. LEWIS. 39, Westboume-grove, Sept
MU1RDEB OF A B' l I;: A PATR OF BOOTS.- Late on Friday evT.nhl,, C h d-,ad body of a boy was found in a field near \ ottii,oata Forest, under eircumstances which left n.. doubt that a most horrible, and, at the sam. 'itim. : )sterious murder bad been coramitted. On Fnday a ismall bill was in circulation, of which the following is a copy: --- Jwo pounds reward.- Decoyed away, about ;ocl,,ck on Thursday evening, Septeraber 17, 1857, fromu niear thc ltrboretuxn, Nottingham, John Wesley Atkinson, an int"lligent boy, eight years old, browrn hair, light comnplexion, unad on dark cloth trowsers, white pinafore (huttwneed in front), and blue silk velvet cap. He was enticed away hy a mia, with curly hair, cloth cap, short dark coat, brmcebas and gaiters; hbad one knee rather turned in, and ha, been in the company of gipsies. Whoever will give s,':b information as will lead to the recovery of the boy shall receive the above reward on application to Snperintendent Rma nor, police station, Notting. namn." Tho body vwh ich ,v. found was recoRnized as that of the misdng lad, and thus the my-storv of his disappearance was 8o far solved by eircnun,t.4jrces of still greater mystery and horror. We now tire al1 tpe fa.nts which we have been able to obtain refl,. .Ling thi- horrihle affair. The murdered boy was the son of Mr. Atkinson, wachine holder, residing at Kenilworth-terrace, }:aleieh-street, and on Thursday evening, on returnx. -: from --ho.i, he left homo with a playfelow, about tw-. years youngsr, and they strayed towrds the Arboretum. AbAut 6 o'clock they were playing rear the Ar'oretua.n gates, when a man, described in the bill, went tip to tbem. Awither and fruar doecption of the supissed murderer now being eirclalted among the polioe L- as follows : "He is of middle age and stature, witb curling red blneby hair on each sido of his head, is knock-knced, has an awkward gait, very larg nooe, and turns hic toes in wards." This miscreant, whoee Appeaance seenzs to bear some resemblance to tho oharacter of the deed he is supposed to have conuaitted, accosted the children, and asked the smaller *no (not the deeoased) to sho. hun the road to Basford, and he would givo him 10 The little feUlow said he did not know the road, but the murdered boy most unwittingly said to the fellow " I do, Tke wretch nmade the same offer to bim, if le would go with him and show him it; and they seDt away together up WaTerley-street, leaving the other boy at the Arboretum atee; and that was tho last that was seen of the boy alve. gie did not return hom e, and his distresrod parents on Fri. d morningiasued the above placard. Tho day wore on n notbuz ,rwas learned respecting hi absence until about 6 o'clock on kriday night, when the awful deed wasaccldentally discovered. A nmuLber of boys were playing near the Forest, and one of thern, either to recover a cricket ball or to get sore blackberries, got over a hedge into an adjoining field, we believe, just within tho limits of th, parish of Lenton. TbisLad was horrified on getting into the field to see the dead body of a boy under the hedge. He gave an alarm to his companions, and thove communicated the discovery at once to police constable Hopkinson. of the town police, who was on duty on the Forest. He caused the body to be removed to1 the Lumley Castle, at Ison-greeoD and, on examination, it was ftoed that from marks of comnpresion on the nook, and the apearance of tho month aud no,trils, the boy must have been strangled. There were also marks of violence on one ide of the body as though it bad been knelt upon. The lads boots were taken off his feet, and tho description of them is that they have brass laceholes. It is to be supposed, strange as it may seem, that for the parpose of stealingtheme the murder was committed; that the feUow's offering the boy lOs. to shovw him the road was only to deooy the child away to some lonely spot where he could rob him. it is, however, almost impossible to suppose that at that timne he contemplated the murder of the lad; not unlikely the little fellow resisted the taking off his boots, and, perhaps, some one passing in the vicinity, the wret-h gripped his throat to prevent his making an alarn, but gripped hini so fast and held him so long that he was stranged. The polioe arc making every etxertion fior tLe appreheonion, of tho supposed oiuzmr
TIER MAJEsTYrOHEATXE-ProvIBcia1ToIU~ GIiogw Wm pper-t Wolverha.mpton oo the net of Septomber Ilcesler on the 82d: LI amnurton, On the 2Id Cblsuham, on lb. Sith g Klotn. on the 15th; itesd ng, ou the At'Jhalirwipghmam on2 th hofgAm, on the let of Ocrbes (ll IU sadZ MneAc.bal1j, Otn the. 14;ewoaste, fr,m the fith to the stli DtLUbl on tbe iALMi HlER &AJFSTYs THE9ATREE.-On_e More Sigbtocal. at educd P Jost Ssturdsr next. Sept, X6-In cn5equince of the great demLdand to awoommodate thoro who havs f Imlt mpssIble to obtain places. one more night will be given, wltb PlOcolowl-t. Ginglial, ear,eentano, Vaetti, Bodl anti BllttL. -On1 Saturday next, Sept. 25, L~A TRAVIATA. The Ntoa Anthesm hib Mdllo. Piosolorailal. Lat Scene of LUOIA Di LA,MMER?ooR: Sir. GIu&l,a.inir1ice, boxes (boacoDmmnodate four Perronel. grand tIer, Pit tier, cuq oe paIr. V 2&. two Alr LIis.: thre Pair, 15s.; gallery bozes, IOK. 6d. : ott stall 1Ds-6&: gTt 8. 6d.; P'Uer FtAU. U d. : j S.. 2LApplicatifolas to be nauide FA the r FaEATRH ~ROYAL,, DRURY-LANA, Wil Open I or six night with Mr. Roberts, the Amerkcan kagedlan.- Mr. F. T. Sm-ith. in "trodn1cJ3g Oular2actor oftIi,.Unite StaOteto the notice of the publIc. on tbe boards of the national theatre, in a seiles of Shakspenrlan charaoters feets a&,tured that The same coesldrattioa Wil be granted to a stranger that ja In ever, case so lIIberally heetowed on the artigtes of Groat Hrlt't.n visittng Amnerlos,.-Mr. Robert wil wak hi frstapparncein ngandTilS VENING in the eha. anoerofSi Ces vere,o, o M,.n,er,Play of A N'HW WAY dude ith te poplar frcN f B,t fo tboLhl Deoj rs opef ndiat Fund. onday.liepteber 21 -87-It is the intentio, of Ui,. IC. TP. Smit, te Lsse, t gie te night's reoeltte at this atilonal Theatre, to hefod ow eig aiedfor the IFEN EVIT of the SUIJERItE in INDI. Tue troite comtted there on life and Property are eitpainul, nd nemdlesst rectapitlat-. Peocs of rack And slaion tgeterwit tadessaen sad othera, havs bees at once reuced from oepotabllty t povrty,Irresneotiee of the los of those nearet anddeaestto hem Irr. mith hopec that by tibn, aitstanee of the publc hemay e enble t make a substantila donation to the fonad. AcI op otud many ladies and genulemee in the rofeselon may be aniusadwilin to give their serrices (in coaj,nnetlon the 0cm annowegilge4 who have kindly oliesed their wratoltouc aid) to VoArd to dsirable an object, Mr -i T. SmIth will he gla to hear fr m atste, so willing to0 assIt without delay. In the meantime, boxes. xtofle, and Planet Imay be secured at the box-omfce of the Theatre and at the Princiral llbraxier. .1.Caterie iincairwil rpea th chgaceeOf Beatrice This Eveing l-morow ad Wdneda. ad LdyTeacle omThuerday, Pil7,andSauray n he rcrnwoe.~Hl LKVEItG (Monday. T-mrro l'oedai. ndon edesdy.Sbekepeare's comedy of MUCHADO ABUT NOTHNG. ilOedck Kr. Howe; Doeberr, l'r. omptn ;AntoIo. r Ciepedal; Beatrice, Wmr CathrineSincair;Her. Mie H.Olivr. fter which, Thix Evein, o-orow an Wdn~dr.th nw comedy ofVICTIMS: Hr. Beckatone Mr. W. Farre, Ii,. Howe, ir h. Oliver, AMr. Fntr, do Concurdin ihTEGEIEt On Thursday, Fridy, nd Sturay, in coneonuence of theirgoat, attraction, The Schoo orSndland A Care for Love (in whic A Bucketone Wil conai h,origia character Of Kr. SagroTe, a dIsppontdlover). EATRE OYAL,ADELPH~Gr~tSucetsl. vIedHOnee.,lr T.P. ook inth eelebr,ted naatical and ire aryeele. Afer wich,the elebatned natcledram Garden. Bilntn 7 ln,St Mr elyStsAdn o And MY PRCOSBETY tre,.Wiht .defrd. Chatterly, isAd andMis.Kel. Is, galry d. riaeSoim I s cosonceatr fom bnndgus en nbe tohobtiudIsin h MIr. StesoRev, Jqntl,OOO-ta Manneving Mr.ha. Meve. ToM conclud ~~JATIO M.NAL nyrF ENGIS OPErA C M ANyey MaChekser. fro W.ognempl 1, for. 2nghs wil hoIpoced to fulfi Thuiry Tengaementrtoioonithe o followin Tbaipr3aftya:_ TAverpt BleTroinatore, e-goltteo Snnderlafntill, Gl ingor.lBat, L .l Blfr,ast Cork, LmerIck.L Bho. atlteGsrLcyIeo, Miss DITar Is mm Rzeywoodf. Mis B. odmbla orma,c HmoDer le*rho.; DMr. her Hofg Mr. enry SNoBOOS Mr. Suanver,, Wa.eCharluaes rin, 'Xmr. Aydns.e Cetioot Lo irn7 a. Temllae,. Co.W.orn,adafladefcit CoUs anidosf Bdesd CondutJore and Musical thaecton U. r.dH. wheny the adpmtire on t horlat s of theolWIng operasW b-L Tadmiataet PregIenUgt.No Songe NoYSppe rWaerma. QGaer. GROVE, idS., Sentiel,Loer In a1ilag7. o. (IRYSAL PAACR.-OsAThWing Displow of SHLGD-Ytil theSPLAY oil Otaber.aeT~., ('(RYSTAL PALAC&-G i~_ Seasn Tcket. -Th whe th adisson ote Plae is aohfln theyawill hcey amittedvory preretic~hir tclts. By order LCeO.y GROIYtR, Slecs. (IRYSTA PAL~~ofaCE,-Odueta Shllmmdig DsL ayd othe Great onntand.- re tne ofJt DI TA wILiBTMEv tak ilc e-mr alon .. Cildre hal tide loTh mismla n ihlaveteapivwilege ode thenin bsinaof he ppe sytem te waterf temls he ca.secade, Londo-bride te,ntnn on tiseoeasln.igo rpt TueNs. rio lday evening, at58 'clock , at th&LtrSyaniturday 66 AldrsIats, reet for athe pracktse of s rngs,duts, le.adil.anotr cOncErted touse udrtheO dYIrCtinSf. r The by Seer.Evr e int00raduciostfnud to be partcladrosyhe hand ofteCou.Snctr RI RT N.et. oRON(M.WGe.a IRee. and Mr.'.GRA El' OUA LUTA Buleg. 20t Sept. atS.Tckt a tnrgts atuaon Sep1t. HIidade2; outapo, B.elrE HEA HN WOEaneild. FOREGNLttH.Te us9bythF Dsy All cddrnmnnrtlon tohW dradEatnu n e. 5 la Dmti htICpg n VRobsot.ats Bimingham,not AS L L, 26d wiKlOTEAD i Ir,St JARTHUR~ "street.-ThSETiin by enerwtal deMire), hoesad a the Merchnto eic.fllgdb H. Sheymouree Carkeos' Draati Phtogaph ad Hbsotan. Greeneat P.or.,tlan d. Piano, Hernd Aarl nErect. .Lirrraly fee edaethefirt damti ventrhigoqsi in Burope.withSM eeprDM ce;2tho and2t,aBrto:'th TXth,and 24t, at Bath 10th, at eoiy e Cot, loet, aWarnncr;d,aSlIby;thatl. rBOm ROYALg.c.Ei HOT-EL, Duee rfmie Th an comecialgntleren-I. LeceteNiqare.-io This elegan and Baa 1,u HL PaoN lae t.%bLdt Jlamrca oel' ex-6rtiDiierm,hotela Is Petal-oe,anrelt withoOENDo Wevnesdycm I'EInLSoN'O RTLANDi HOThbgmdyteL, Gret PorutTaind. p trot.NOTIngCoosE.-Theii, so S,.;be rom 1a.,I-.Td. 8.. Jd. plai diner, St. Jd. atten,i Odajce, Is, per dVae. !art to w rde o tpollotioc. o chare for ichis dot ituton,J argo quiet Spinglen in uthe wns nsit,wt conenietnce. nublcfeem rooms, weddIn breaOfas,c APApn!4y tol rI~'HE SUSSEX OTEL, LfniI, BripgphtyP .-.i e.1.- 'hIt qiemhtendeligo ht f3ulltituate hote Rairslwayot-cat soea fomdtino the most repataochon b, abe term. pli vaktenta. s, It adn in. er, dey ;bed rooma, 1.. Sdrandu Sv. Excelleint coafe room, bwitha roo m, etalng kIt,-7. JiONESio, prpieto. AWh ot ororo B'dThi eleganVIgtan oame wHAtlndteeabor eisdtoin.hotelovdIht even in net 21 Int. The bestj muicb the beet artiky.clr,nmadivand notionduln cargs.d TheA Single,adIA Depatent w v combieolxrIosus hr hereio, wt cofirutls 'Withe an-d riate billarda Broom;;t and the Fawith Dupatect, 2;dnnieron atnablladare s16t,Uites bo. rapartrno taAl foreIgne pagaes spoken0. Lessee.in M r.oom suGpie with LIBALTRYHOTEL EIDGofCEhforK HOAMI. LALIE -nde Gthe dLeMon of Me ROBERT WARDELL, Hot VxL. Q sacenb-oa BywaIor, andegar Edoaen d tan-ad furnishe dtsingi,hedt or cofot andwo o bhedroom pUoulo. vhWtom wins4ant bediris. f pee. felre, prte boA&egante by ithe ada orffeeinpvae roo ms, hea,; or anth tablnes,'with ode.du 6mdag bse,g,& h LthRUe centrle of the est Srn,cniuu t h ako t PARt-GRAND HOTEiL do F~RANCE et aD%paron thtteSitn onIun !2ab'ycnd 72s vuer deprtentofeveybet,Thy be ha tese means ac only la Y.ERES (Var,na ols-oe o ladO IL-Thtstnew eealtmn soeo h etIn Enrope. Xr BRIJ.to thepopto,,swllkonfrhsubIy of manener and atnin*t i iIos Tecagsas are moert. ahs, a M Plare d, promenadgcr'yasaIosebn for geerl e mutt ligls en e~ swp4 e y built bnah a phill,th are delightfuL, ofetggetrsucst h klb, botanist, MIDnerOiogit an niury nEgtc lryanofcae at the newly stblishdPoetn hte.M.B oft" aSo 12 coma. f-eaby=te,e4booe withgr es contiguous to hi. hotel. OULOGE-SU-MM -HTEL ANGLE. c0nunonded, newly In hed."-L,_Algnni., "Reoommetded. ; harge Meoenta.kurrai's GuLide through France. This large.oommo. dinms. and old estahlilement, which hAs had the. honour of beIng p%. t,Dtdzed by the mnost illusbious peruonses of furogs bee bemseten,o. vanage o anunivale oiton.Trveler ar rques*ed t rt A NOMINATION, in CJheltenan blm ~ t b,% CLET for a year or more Annual rent A11 Adrss.. "ot-011100, 'Newport, Tale of Wight. MBROIDERY.-A ladj wishes to find out one of J2L the foreign agents who weo 8 UPrLY hor witlh I or.BO EMBROIDERY, for sale on commison- &eoarity given, Addpies P. P.,?2, Old-road. none Scopey Ceuzoh, SECRETARY"s LIBRARY TA.BLX.-To b.SGLD, a vey hndsoe mhogany WRITIENG TPABLK.en, pedsAtsl drawesa fittekdh1with casbiset, nests of drawers at back. Ikeetly cog% £3;t esl fr£5 qa o e,.al'toSktart~
LONDON, MONDA Y, SEPTEMBfB31i 21, 1857. The struggle in India resolves itself with terrible eimnplicity into a single question-that of time; .of time measured not by years or seasons, but by weeks, and even days. Can our countrymen hold ,out till succours reach them against the raging fiends around ? There is not a doubt about our ulti-mate ascendancy-about the recon(1uest, if necessary, of all India step by step, and province by province. In the volumes of correspondence reaching /us from all quarters, and expressing every shade of opinion, we have never yet met with a single -misgiving about the eventual issue of the contest. India will be British, and the British will be its lords, established in greater strength and dignity -than ever-such is the keynote of Indian -opinion even in the crisis of peril, and the very -nen who hold their own lives by hourly tenure, and know not what destinies a single day may disclose, rely with unbounded and imperturbable con..idence on the power and energies of their country. .Nor is this asaurance in the least degree misplaced. That we are the same nation as before has iiow 'Been proved beyond quiestion. The relative superiority of our race is as incontestable as it was a century ago-indeed, even more so. HAVEL.OCE .and his troops fought Plassey five times over between Allahabad and Bithoor, and, notwithstanding all the disadvantages of our position, there has been only a single inistance throughout the whole struggle in which British soldiers have been worsted. At Arrah alone has there been any miscarriage of this kind, and then it was in the darkness of the night and the toils of an ambuscade. Give us only a chance of fair fignting, and the day is our own. But up to the .noment when the latest despatch left Calcutta llot a single battalion, be it remembered, had 'reached India from this country. Three months had elapsed ainco the outbreak of the Mutiny, but during the whole of that period we had been maintaining a desperate figlit, against overwhelming odds, with only such reinforcements as could be picked up from cdstant colonies or straggling expeditions. -Our countrymen must have felt surely enough in the middle of May that the aid they appealed for eould not be forthcoming before the middle of September; and what was to be the event of the interval ? There was the question. For threefourths of the period the fortitude and heroism of Englishmen have kept the scale in our favour, but the struggle has been dreadfiul. We are still masters of the field, biut it is agonizing to think of what might have been saved by the pre'senoe of even a single additional regiment a few - weeks earlier under the walls of Cawnpore. General HAvEWcK's march is tne very expres*sion and type of our position in Hindostan. He advances, he fights, he gonquers-everything oes down before him as long as he can stand; but it is desperate work to make head against twenty to one. What kind of task he -found may be very distinctly collected even from the brief notifications of the telegraph. After crossing the Ganges he had about 50 miles between himself and Lueknow. He had got over only 25 of these, and yet he had fought three actions, all successfully, and captured 21 guns. It is plain that the enemy must be swarming along the whole road like hornets, and at the end there is Lucknow itself,with a dense population, and all the mnutineers of Oude. Our latest aoco'Mts inform us that this iaun0ess lidile column, reducel by incessant comrlbats to 700 or 800 fightinr men, but reinforcsd by the hancdful of troop3 which cotild be spared from niCawnpore, had again recommenced its eventful march. On the 4th of August the advance was to be renewed, and aU the hopes antd the prayers of our countrymen went with them. NVith time, the whole work would be but child'4 pl *y. A month or two more vould place 5,000 troops at Cawnpore, instead of 500 ; blut a month or two more would have left Lucknow to the rebels, and the game had to be played, whatever the chances, with the cards which we held. It is one of the worst effects of the Dinapore Mutiny that it threatens to intercept from the North-Webtern diAtricts such succours as the Governnient of Calcutta might otherwise have sent up. We (lo not anticipate that the great line of communication will be seriously interrupted, but troops which could otherwise have gone straight to Allahabad and Cawnpore may now be detained by work of their owIn at Patna or lenares. With the exceptioni, hoNu ever,of this niisfortune, affairs exhibit as promising an aspect as could be looked for. In the Madras Presidenicy neither Nagpore nor Hyderabad-the chief centres of danger-had given any cause for alarm. In Bombay the mutiny of a sil gle corps-itself exceptionally circunistanced-had not been followed during a whole fortnight's interval by any other example of disaffection; the revolters had found little enconrageineit, reinforcements were arriving, the Government *v.as strong, and the community confident. Central India had been brought under command, and was tranquil; it was still on the Jumna and tbe Gauges that the struggle was pending ; and hero, if the outbreaks in Lower Bengal do not materially divert the efforts of Government, the chances seem turning against the rebels. 'There are two quarters from which the British force before Delhi may receive effectual succoursthe Punjab to the north-west, and Calcutta to the south-east. At the beginning of the insurrection the Punjab contained the bulk of the European forces st;.tioned in the Bengal Presidency, and some of the best corps of Irregulars. Little time, in poinit of fact, was lost in despatching assistanice from these parts to the camp at Delhi, but tbe province itself had, of course, to be secured before nmch could be done for the aid of others. These preliminary precautions, however, havo now been taken. Every Sepoy battalion in the Punjab) has either been disarmed or cut to pieces; the Sikh population has furnished new and trustworthy levies; and what with the European regiments thIs disengaged and the Sikh troops enrolled it is caletlated that the reinforcements oni their way to Delhi from the north-west in the month la-st past would represent little less than half the e(fe'ctive strength of the Bengal army as it remained after the defection of the Sepoys. No such resources as these can be despatched from Calcutta until the arrival of succours from England; but it is gratifying to observe that the interval is marked by most seasonable reliefs from other quarters. Of the troops composing the Chinese Expedition only a single regimentthe 90th-hal been disembarked at Calcutta before the date of the last despatches, leaving the 23d, the 82d, and thc !3d still to follow. By thermails just received two vessels, the Pearl and the Lancefield, were reporte(d as actually at Calcutta with troops from the Transit ; two steamers with troops on board were met by the Beentinok coming up the river; Lord EL(;rN ha(l brought about t00 with him in the Shannon, and a flying 81ip published< by one of tho Calcutta journals on the Oth of August says that " further very large reinforce"m rents" were expected by the 22d of that montb. If this refers to the draughts from the Cape, it is possible enough that Lord CANNING may receive altogether (i,000 or 7,000 excellent troops even before the arrival of any of those despatched from England. If HAVETOCK could do so much with the 34th and the 7t8th, what may not be dcae with the half-dozen fresh regiments thus conming in ? WVe cainot, however, pretend to disguise the severity with which time must still press upon our beleaguered garrisons. For woeks to come, at the very least, every European detachment in the North-Western Provinces must represent one man against fifty; and it is impossible to say, with these sporadic eruptions of Mutiny, what fresh demands may not be created upon the fresh forces which arrive. A month hence we may find a new Delhi in Bengal. It is clear that wee want troops to retain in the Lower Provinces as well as to despatch to t'ne Upper; and till the great reinforcements arrive, the deadly struggle for time niust go on with only such help as a few fortunate succoiurs can bring to resolute enduirance. A private letter from one of the I'unjab camps gives so simple and manly an expression to all these retlections that we transcribe its words :-" In the meanwhile I place my life in " the hanids of an Almighty PROVIDF.NX , in whom I lhave an unbounded trust. Our hope is that Englanld will not forget that her ar-my now in India is actually keeping the country for her "until reinforcements arrive, and that in doing so we are fighting lile bulldogs, and undergoing " with cheerfutlness privations and hardships which " must he experienced to be described." Of a surety Englandl will zof forgot these appeals, but will exert every tittle of her strength for rescue if possible, or, if not, for vengeance.
Every OnC wVlio kilowa anything about the French Press knows what the Univers is. Its position corrcspond1s to that of one of those privileged eccentric characters in society who are allowed, expocted, and encoiiraged to say odd things, and on tho strength of their sincerity have a kind of sanctuary of liberty appropriated to them, out of which they utter oracles, sublime, sagacious, or malicious, <; the case may be. These persons, though they very often say ill-natured things, are yet on the whole rather favourites than not. If anybody is stiff enough to be offended, be is iminedliately told, "Oh, it is only Mr. "S o-and-so-it is his way." Society spares some of its patronage even for those who depart from its recogni7ed standard anrd fly in its face. It has its privileged delinquents, whomu it encourages and pats on the head, and to whom it assigns a position analogous to that of the fatui in the East, who are half pitied, half venerated. We like to hear what persons say who do not speak by ordinary rules or adopt received grounds. Their wisdom is allied to the wisdom of dreams and visions, constituting a border-land between inapiration and nonsense, which we tread with a religious curiosity mingled with amusement. The Univers is one of the few French papers that have a mind of their own and speak it, A certain respect is due to it on this ground, though its great eccentricity occasions a mixture of jest and earnest in paying this tribute. The Vnivers in. dulges pre-eminently in dreams and visions, in oracles and mysterious flights. It has, withal, not a littlA spite, of wvhich England is, we are sorry to say, the principal mark. Its sincerity, however, and extreme views give it a certain influence among the High Catholic party, and, to a considerable extent, it " tunes" the pulpits of France and Italy. When the preacher alludes to passing public events in his discourse he takes his view from the Univers. IIere, then, is a dream and vision of the Univer,, irn connexion with. tbe subject of the Indian mutiny. Here i4 a' specimen of this zealow. Journal's inspirvgn.- We giv it m a c:uriosity, and we wiU not injure the effec, a curtailing the paragraph:- " FraDce did not perish after having lost Canada, and shel has gsaned Algeria. Spain forfeited a world and remained a nation. Europe will bless Spain for having planted Catholic society in Mexico, and will soon see her eniged in other workis; for Mtorocco will be Spanish, as Algeria, Tunis, and Tripoli wil be French. Who can say that lhe day will not dawn, and every Frenchman ought to desireit, when France, the elder sister of Catholio nations, queen of the Mediterranean, and seated on the Alps and the ocean, shall resume her old motto, and, for the love of Christ the liberator of men, foram plans as capacious as the globe 7 This is not chimericial! God and Franee may desire this result, and in that case the opposition of the Solce or De&ats would be of very little consequence. Every Catholic nation would par- ticipate in this great work of genuine conquest, and Eng- I land would out a very pitiful figure even with regard to lortugal. God permits nations to repent, but if England does not repent her heresy, we see no better fate in store for her than general contempt. Therefore, when the work of God shall be accomplished, triumphant England will be punished for having proved wanting to the work of the Most High in the long course of her prosperity." W'hat a vision, indeed, to conjure up out of an Indian mutiny !-what a leap to a conclusion ! Protestant England sunk in the dust, and Catholic France " from her seat on the Alps" (some sraaU changes in the existing map of Europe having previously been made) " and the Ocean" ruling the world ! The basis of the prophecy is, indeed, hardly in keeping, when we examine it, with the boldness of the picture drawn. To say that " GOD " and France nuxay desire this result" is very poor prophesying; wlhy not say at once that " GOD, " France, and the Univers do desire it?" The true seer knows nothing about " may ;" that poor, mean word is not in his vocabulary-the only term he knows is " will." But as the Univers condescends to " may," and descends from the high ground of prophecy to the ordinary one of probability, we will take advantage of the condescension and beg leave to dispute this result. We do not think it at all probable, in the first place, that Protestant England will sink to the dust as a consequence of these Indian mutinies. There is no appearance of it at present. Our soldiers in India fight with their old spirit, and beat an enemy ten times their number on the open field whenever they can catch him there. There is no sign of the English chariot wheels driving heavily, or of any curse or blight upon our national arms. If the Univers means to say, indeed, that we are heretics, and therefore must lie under the Divine displeasure, and therefore shall infallibly be some day worsted and confounded as a nation, it is impossible to meet such reasoning as that. Threats are the safest of all arguments ; we have nothing to say; as soon as ever a man begins to talk about judg,ments, he may walk over the course. But if the Uuivers means to do anything more than shake its head, or shake its fist, and threaten-if it means to estimate probabilities and to recognize facts, then we do not see much to favour its view of the case. Is it, as far as any evidence from facts goes, our Protestantism that has brought this mutiny upon us? Why, neither HEindoo ror Mussulman l;nows a Protestant from a Catholic. All Christians are alike to them; they do not enter into the distinctions which separate one body of Christians from another body. To the Mussusiman an Englishman is " a dog of a Chris" tian," and a Frenchman would be exactly the same. So far, then, as any religious reason operates at all in this Indian outbreak, so far we have iuffered on a ground which -we occupy in common with the Unieers,-on the common ground of Christianity, and consequently we so far deserve to be considered as confessors rather than criminals. So much for the mutiny in particular b-ing a judgment upon us. As for the general charge that " England has been found wanting to "the work of the MOST HIGH in the long course "of her prosperity," that is t o large a field to enter upon here, but a clitic has at any rate no great reason for thinking England a very wicked nation as a c'-donizer who thinks Spain a very righteous one. If he " blesses " Spain, he ought not to curse us. The Spaniards are not in good odour generally on this head. What their American conquests were we all know, and the present character of their AMexican colony does not stand very high, albeit the Unirers speaks so glowingly of "the Catholic society planted in Mexico." So much for the prophecy against England. With the prophecy in favour of France, and its seat on the Alps, and the future universal sway and influence of that country in the world, we feel no more concern than simply to say, that there are no signs as yet of Louis NAPoLEoN taking his cue from the Univers, and attempting an alteration of the map of Europe. We doubt whether public opinion across the Channel is at all with the Utivters on this subject. Instructed by the experience of the past, France now aims at peace, order, and internal prosperity more than at empty glory and dominion for its own sake. If she is ever to gain that large and widespread sway over the world| which the Uniiers prophesies it will be by conquest, rot by colonization; but conquest has been thrown aside, and colonization was never her forte. WTe do not grudge her one particle of power which fairly belongs to so great a nation, occupying so large and important a ground in Europe, but her true greatness does not lie in the direction in which the Uitivers points.
It is a delicate matter to interfere in any public arrangements with which ladies have anything to do, and yet we are going to be bold enough to notice one rather striking anomaly in our shop administration, in a department in which they are particularly concerned. Our excuse must be the wants of the times. There is a difficulty, they say, vith all this Indian pressure upon us, in getting recruits for our army. Now, when we hear this, we begin naturaUy to look around us, and see how people are employed, and who are doing what. Employment of some kind is, of course, keeping thema back. They do not recruit because they cannot be spared ; the wants of society at home detain them and absorb their services. WVhat is their employment? We take a walk through the streets, and as we pass by one shop after another we compare the men in it with the work in it. We pass by an upholsterer's, a shoemaker's, a saddler's shop, a carver and gilder's shop, an ironmonger's shop, a silversmith's shop. All these shop-windows represent so much labour in the background, and they have a good account to give of themselves. The men and, the labour agree together, the men are wanted for the labour. Women could not do carpenters' or ironmongers' work, or make men's boots. Here, then, the men are all really wanted for the needs of home society, and if the Recruiting Sergeant's eye rests with any cupidity on a fine stalwart youth -whom he would like immensely to carry off with him, promising him we need not say what military honour if he will only yield to the glorious impvlse--a certain Generalship besides Orders of Kmighthood,the cautious youth can say with trmh-" If you " take me somebody else as stronpg must come in " my place to do my work as wel as I do it; go " and find that somebody, then - he is the man for Cc you." But there are some shops ftom which this excuse would not come with such m:atter-of-fact truth. We come to a linendraper' s shop, which supplies the prints, the muslins, thbe silks, the merinoes, satins, and velvets, and it the materials of ladies' dresses, and we finds this soft and feminine domain administereek AlO by men. Rows of kron]g) activw youD& menp sern behind the inteX. minable counters, and, as we look town the lengthening vistas of black whiskers and 2aures in the prime of life, we have a scene almost OC 1,1ilitary regularity and order. This spacious donaa.f, with its numerous and orderly staff of shopnien, would supply at least a company. Herm, then, otur friend the Recruiting Sergeant stands and looks about him; he sees strong young men taking down and putting 'p, displaying the charms of shot silks and glacd silks, and mousselines de laine, communicating in soft respectful cadences with lofty ladies on the other side of The counter, explaining the mystery of the newest article, gently elevating it and lowering it to the eye, and imparting the wavy motion which is so irresistible. After watching this sort of thing going on for some minutes he lays his hand on a fine well-dressetl youth, and says, " Come aiong with me, I will give you something better "to do than that." The reply is, as in the other shop, " Well, but if I go some other young man "must come in my place ;" but the Sergeant has now a rejoinder, and an effective one *-" No, my " good fellow, you need not be concerned about " that; ayoung woman wil do just as well." It is impossible to deny-and we need not say that we are not reflecting upon a particular class here, but only upon the system that produce3 itthat in this whole range of shops men are regularly and systematically used for doing what women could do just as well, if not very much better. What is there in the whole proce-ss of showing off a piece of silk or muslin, or urolling a round of riband, which requires a man ? A woman could do it every bit as well. She is fully equal in body and mind to it; she could lift the article from the shelf, she could handle it and wave it up and down, and she could exlAain everything about it. Then, why employ men? Such a misapplication of labour has two mischievous results,-it takes men away from their work, and it takes women away from theirs. It deprives s.ociety of its due amount of strength, part of which is here carried off and misappropriated, and thus leaves undertakings and employments wvhich require rman's strength with a defective supply of it, while at the same time it makes a certain p,roportion of the female sex superfluous, without work to do, and therefore au excrescence upon society, instead of a useful portion of the whole. It throws them, in lack of proper employment, upon the most wretched means of subsistence. We are aware that there are arguments which may be urged for the e mployment of men in these shops. It is said that ladies like it better, and, of course, that is the stronugest of arguments to the tradesman. They must be absolute on such a question, and no shopkeeper will dare to oppose the general wish. But why do ladies like it better, if, indLed, it is true that they do? May we, without pre-sumption, argue the question with them ? We can easily understand that there may be something to be said for the arrangement, and that it has advantages, however little they compensate for the disadvantages, otherwvibe the practice could hardly have become so universal. It is said, ,we believe, that strength, thou-h not absolutely necessary here, is yet an advantage, that a man lifts up and down more quickly rnd readily than a woman, and does the work with more pliancy and composure in consequence of its being less of an effort to him. This may be an advantage, of course, though at the same time a good deal of it must 'epend on the existing arrangement of shbel-es, drawers, &c., which are at present construite(l for men's service, and not for women's. This could easily be altered. We believe, too, Indies say that men are more civil and attentive than women, and there maybe something h;i- this,-we do not say how much, but something. The counter craftily enlists the principle of g:-'!antry on its side, as a stimulus to duty and 3 pleasing addition to the more sober and huaine.slike motives to proper attention. Young wr.men behind counters are accused of thii,kinm about themselves sometimes when they ought to be thinking of their customers, of showii;i off their charms to the best advantage-a practice which does not, of course, please their superiors, and interferes with that r-spen'ful absorption in the customers' wishes and c-,mmands which characterizes the perfect shop attnldarlt. We do not mean to say that there may not be something in thes. ohjections. Every bad arrangement in the worl(d proi ably has its advantages, and every goodi one its disadvantages. StiU such objections as these arc not very serious as compared with the importance of the great fundamental law that men shouldl *1 rr.en's work and women should do women's. On the continent, though we see I women often doing, men's work, employed in a coarse kind of 1','d labour not suitable to women, yet, as a compensation for this, they are not depr:ved of their own proper work so much as they are in this country. The Paris ladi',;' Ql-ns do, indeed, ernploy men to some extent, but nIt to such an extent as we do; and at f ,rei-,n railway stations women are often ticket-ki.i,.,--. WVomen in France act as copying-clerk s, al i seto e in aU shops where books, prints, and light .'o-hi: are retailed. In Switzerland they are watchmakers. In America thev ara compositors in piintin. -offices. Onr system is wholly in the directi(ql of .epriving women of all work, and making tli, um sl'l rtluous, and we see the consequences of it. V\c carnnot think for a moment that English ladiis, once fairly realizing the effect of this systern will allow a few triRling advantages to te ih,-h the great and terrible evils which result from a violation of the proper adjustwet.'. -nd apportionment of labour. The truth is, they do not think of these things or connect causes and effects. When they really connect them tlh.y will take the only proper course. Tbey wvill extend their patronage to the obnoxious clhss of siopwomen. They will overlook a fer irrelevant airs and graces. They will not be too severe cvein upon those highly objectionable and inexcusahle things-flirtations. Have they never in thvir own sublime spheze been guilty of such things? It is, indeed, very wrong that anything shoould be done vulgarly which can be done in the way and manner in which they can do it; but they will allow a little veat, nevertheless, to female nature, anid admit of a little jar to, their refinement for the sake of a solid advantage to society.
The Chancellor of the Exehequer acknowledges the receipt of the remainiag halves of Bank of Englizud no". for 1,33')1., ' from a =gae pubUc company in payment of the amount of deficient income-tax." Alzo, the second half of a Bank of England note for 5iM., fbom " A. N.," on account of "overlooked iucome4ax." ALso) the receipt of a Bank of England note for 201. from " J. IL," on account of unpaid inco-me-tax. GLASGOW 1IAn.O-.:.-One of the heaviest and most costly works erar Undertalen by the Clyde Trust is now approach¼3q c. n:edion-thenewaddition to the South Quay walL T'cc length of the new 'wall is nearly one-third ot a mile. and whn It s completed there wrill be a stretch of quay wall v eH;.t'ard fromll tGegow-hridge of 2,028 yards, or fully 1k sr.lk. of ;nay3e for ,essels onthe aouth side of the harbour. l'he seosion of the wall ia curilinear in front and vertoesaI at batl-, ts in tbicknees seven feet at top and 16 feet %i h LAtom, and contains in all about 650,000 cubic feet ef maa3onry and concrete, or about 47,000 toDs weight. Somne of the stones emiployed in the wall weigh fully three tons, antd the only dressing they receie is from the " pick." It is Intended to give a depth of 20 feet, at low water, sa lhat the largest vessels when laden may ,o afloat a a1l tlmes uf the ti;e, a in the docks of DIon and Livew.ol, and in tLh- roemect it forms the mo&2uim rtant a stio that has ve bef; irade t thiu harm ~ rts 5t ib94QQ0.,,-Sl;.vfU&;P!';
TROOPS FOR INDIA. (By ELZerTRo TzLFORAPH.) We haVo received the folLowing telegraphio devpatch from Liverpool:- " The troopship L)rd Raglan arrlved at the Mauritins in 69 days with the 4th Liegiment of Foot. " This body, nearly 1,000 strong (iLwcluding women and children), was landed in perfect he'alth. "Nine births took place on board. "The residue of the 33d Re8giment had embarked in the Lord Raglan, and ahe was to leave for Bombay on the 13th of August."
A MERICA. (BY MiLEcTRIC AND DSTERXA&rTONAL 'rELEGRAP.L) LIVERPOOL, Srm. 20. The British and iNorth American Royal mail steamship America, Laug commander, arrived here to-day from Bc ,ton with advices to the 9th, and from New York, vid Halifax, to the 10th inst.; 42 passengers and $5,500 in specie on freight. The United States' steamship Arago, from Havre and Southampton, and the screw steamship Kangaroo, hence, had arrived at New York. The Canadian Company's Royal mail screw steamship North A merican, hence, had arrived at Quebec, and the screw steamship General Williams hence, aid St. John's, New Brunswick, at Halifax. Another bloody riot occurred at Paltimore, growing out of feuds among the firemen. Several persons were shot, some of them, it is supposed, fatally. It is thought to have been a preconcerted affair. All the belligerents were armed. At Hlavannah, on the 3d inst. business continiued depressed. The stock of sugars was 200,000 boxes. A convention had been arranged with New Granada providing for the liquidation of claims of American citizens. The discussion of other matters had been postponed. The negotiations with the Russian Government had ended in Mr. Webb, the shipbuilder, receiving an order for a propeller frigate of 80 guns, of extraordinary calibre, to be carried on two decks only. The keel will be abont 303 feet in length. A letter dated Napo, Ecuador, Sonth America, of the 23d of June, mentions the death of Professor Frances, of the exploring expedition, from a wound received in a duel with Professor Moore, of Ohio. The following are said to be the circumstances -which cauised the encounter:- " On the arrival of the party at Santa Rosa, on theo Napo, ProfessorMoore broughta charge against Professor Frances of having deceived him in point of his scientitic acquiirements, and therefore imposed upon his confidence, insulted the Government of Ecuador, and proved a disgrace to his adopted State. This led to the challenge on the part of Professor Frances, which was readily acceptea by Professor Moore, and their weapons (double-barreUed fowling pieces) were heavily loaded with buck-shot, and the distance agreed upon was five rods. Friends interfered, but to no avail. The parties were determined to settle their difficulty with powder. Accordingly on the 29th of April they exchanged shots, and the result was the death of Professor Frances. The charge of Professor Moore took effect just below the region of the beart, while that of Professor Frances merely srazed the head of his antagonist." A despatch from Washington gives another version of the affair, attributing the professor's wound to the accidental discharge of his fellow profeasor's gun, the cap of which had exploded while he was loading in the dark. The Government of Ecuador had expressed great solicitude on the subject. In the New York money-market on the 7th there was less pressure, with a brisk demand from borrowers; for prime paper the rates were 12 to 15 per cent., while a few choice selections were selling as low as 12 per cent. The announcement of the suspension of Messrs. Tuttle, Cutting, arid Co. and Messrs. Bates, Griffin, and Livermore in the grain and flour trade had caused a little excitement. The latter grew out of the failure of Bates of Troy, already reported. The former was the result of failures at the WVest, particularly of large losses at Oswego and Buffalo. Both houses had borne a respectable characfer, and much sympathy was expressed for them on 'Ohange. ThelNew York Courier a7id Eaquii er of the 8th inst., referring to the late money crisiLs, says:- "The pressare upon our moneyed institutions has nearly ceased. They have protected the credit of the country banks, many of whieh under the old system would have sunk under the load of the Ilatter. There are only four whose paper is not received on deposit in this citynamely, Reciprocity Bank, BuffAlo, Niagara River Bank, T'lonavwala. The suspenision of the latter is attributed to the failure of their agents in this city, Mepsrs. Bates, Griffin, and Livermore. The cireulation of the bank amounts to less than SlW,(f00, which is fully secured. The bank statement to-d6y shows a nominal increase of $936,000 only in the specie column. This is nearly the average for the week, and the large deposits of gold on Saturday and to-day do not appear. The aggregate at this date is fully 812,000,000 in specie. The Bank of New York, which was singled out last week by a contemporary as one of the weak banks, finds it safe to increase its loans t70,0r-0 since Monday week. The Man hattan Mechanics Union Bank of Anrerican butchers and drovers has increased its discount line slightly dnring the past week. Tbe aggregate reduction of the wholo is less than 3per cent. for theweek. Tb" reduced business in the banks Is clearly shown in the aggregate claims for the week being t34,000,000 less than the first week in July. There are no new features among the basking-houses at the West or in this City. There is hut one feeling among mer. chants as to the course of the bwuks, and this is that the banks have accomplished a deal in sustaining themselves and their nurueroni correspondents at the same time. It is well knowvn here that the leading banks of the city have been called upon by the country banks and private bankers, not only of this St.te, but of Western States generally, for assistance, in consequence of the Su1spension of free banking houses in this city. This aid has been freely ex'tended because the interests of the eity are so closely identified with those of the interior that any damage to the latter would promptly react upon the former. The suspension of the Island City Bank was heedlessly and needlessly announced by two of our contemporaries, aud the hank-note reporters have busied themeelves in creating discredit of the Bank. but we learn that the Bank is still in operation, notwithstanding these unauthorized statements. The Bank has a circulation of only $99,000, while its available bills are The liarren Ledgvr, of the 2d inst., says, in allusion to the WVarren C.unty Banlk of Pennsylvania, that but little excitement has prevailed there, and that the demand for specie at tbe bank has been quite inconsiderable. The whole trouble is said to liave arisen through the timidity of the agent in New York, who, after redeem.ing over 40,000 dollars of the notes of the bank, was Reized with the panic himself and refused to take up any more, hence the reported failure. Messrs. Coffn and Haydoclk, allctioneers, and L W. Kirby and Co., dry goods jobbers, had suspended; the liabilities of the latter were reported at half a nillion, with clear asseta of $700,000. Messrs. Saroni and Goodheim, extensive clothiers of Boston, had also stopped paymwnt on the 4th inst.; liabilties estimated at nealy half a million of dollars. The stock-maarket had opened a littl better, but at the second b2oarl prices had ain declined. Closing rates were a8 follows :-Virgiuia Sixes, 7 11; New York Central, 75 ; Now York and Erie, 21lA; Reading Railway, 50 ; Michigan Central, 66; M iiobigan Southetn, 23i Cloevelaid and Toledo, 38; Panama P.ailway, 83; Illiaois Central, 98; illinois Central Bonds, 88; Chicago and R.. I. shareF 79; Milwaukie and Massachusetts, 37; Galena. and Chicago, 79; La Crosse, 1d.0 ; Cleveland and'Pittshtirgh, IS ; C)2Acag Southern New Stcek, 47. The bank atz*+mn -, the week showed an increaw oi tS6,000 R specie and a large decrease in loans. Exchange contineA nnsettled; the quotations, 107k to log per cent.; France, 5f. 1S$c. to 5f. 25c. In the cotton-m-xket prices were irregular, writh but little inqury. The news per Arago and Kangaroo not having imparted strength, holders were indifferent abcot offering their stocks. The s- cunts of tho growing erops were more favourable, and the plani was reportedto befruiting welL Flour had given. way 50c. to 60c. per barrel, aud the pressure on. the nmoney-market had caused a very dull feeling. 'lYestern Canal and State good shipping, '5 300. ito 90e. ; faneies and high extras, SG 75c. to 82c, to. % 5Qo, and $9 50c. Wheat in moderato ja6npt, .ci, a decline of 10e, to 15e. per 001b. i market closing dull. Southorn white, I Oc. to 1(X), per 601b. ; Canadian nona; Indian d crn, affected by the state of the money-market, bad declined 8c. to lOc. per 561b.; pork in limited request, and prices in favotir of the buyer; mess, $25 &Dc.; and prime mes, M21 25c. to $21 33c., closing heavy beef dull, with saleu at S17 to $17 50c. for repacked W'eatern me"s, and $18 50c. to $19for extras; ditto beef hams, firm at $23 5(c. to $24; cat meats sarce, at ISe. to 131c. for hams, and 12c. to 121c. for shoulders ; prime lard firma at 15,c. ; butter in fair demand, cht-be uuchanged; crude turpentine in light 8upply and hrin, withouit much inquiry ; spirits of turpentine steady, with sales 40c. to 47 c. common roiun luiet but firm, at $1 95c.; fine, $6 75c. ; otherdescriptions nominal; tar, quiet but steady; pitwh, dull; rav sugar, steady; Scotch pig iron, dull a, 128 to $29 six months. In freights more doing at higher ratea; to London, flour, Is. Gd. to 2s. per barrel; Liverpool, COttOI), vl.. per bale; flour, i. per barrel ; grain, 4d. to od. per buahel; Hayre, cotton, ic. per lb. (aAmxT ziv TxL.F.(;2RAD.) NEW YO1RK, SE7. 8. Cotton 2c lower arid dtl4l; middling upland 15Ic. to 15,c. Fiour drooping, with fair demanid. CorniL dull. Pork heavy. Beef steady. Lard easier. Bacon scarce, at ISc. Freights to Liverpool.-Flour, Is. 3d. to lIs 6d.; grain, 5d. to 5id. NEW ORLTE,ANS, SF.P'. 5. Cotton Sales 700 b-ales. Flour very dull and unsettled. SKP' 7. Cotton unchanged; sales, 100 bales. Flour declning. LATER BY 7XLEGRAPH, 744 HALIFML N?:W YOIRK, SEPT. 10. The advices by the steamship Europa arrived at Halifax on the 9th were published here on the afternoon of to-day. Our cotton-market exhibits a declining teudency, and particularly for the inferior qualities, which are quoted somewhat easier. The demand for monrey to-day has been very active, and rates are firmer. The following ships have arrived at this port from England since the departure of the mail for the America:-The Manhattan, of Obio, the Compromise, of New York, and the Eastern Queen. NEW ORLEANS, EEPT. 9. The advices by the Europa were received here to-day, but they have exercised no perceptible fflfect on our market for cotton, which continues very quiet. Sterling exchange is quoted at 01 per cent. premium.
COUBT CIRCULAR. Balmoral, Sept. 18. Her Majesty the Queen, attended by Lady Churchill, drove yesterday to the Shiel of Ait-na-Guissach, where Her Majesty remained the night. The Prince Consort went deer stalking In Glen Gelder, and afterwards joined the Queen at Alt-na-Guitsach. Sept. 19. Her Majesty the Queen and the Prince Consort returned yesterday to Balmoral from Alt-na-Guissach. The Royal dinner party included her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent and Lord and Lady James 3furray. In the evening Her hMajesty gave a dance in the new ball. room, which has lately been finished. The following had the honour of receiving invitations:The Earl and Countess of Fife, Viscount and V-scountess Campden, the Earl of Wemyss, the Countess of Erroll, Lieutenant-General Sir Maxiwel and Lady WaUace, tho HIon. M3rs. Hope Jobnstone, Mr. and Lady Louisa Brooke, MIr. Kennedy Erskine, Mr. Fox Lane, Miss Ricardo, Mr. and Mr. FArquharson of Invercauld, the hiss FarquLarson (3), Captain Farqubarson, Scots FnsUeer Gnards, Messrs. Farquharson (3), tbe Hon. Misses Sidney (2), Mr. and Miss Suttie, the Eon. W F. Charteris, R,h., Mr. Keith Falconer, LientenantSondershansen, Mr. B3oucherct, Dr. Robertson, Mr. and Mis. Robertson, Sir James asid Lady Clark, MIr. and Mrs. Clark, MitS Roses, Mr. and Mrs. Penny-man, Captain Sir L. Smith, 71st Rlghlatders, Lieutenant O'Malley, 71st Highlanders, Lieutenant Aldridge, 71st Bighlanders, &c. Her Mejebty and the Prince Consort entered the ball-room at about a quarter before 10 o'cloc-k, accompanied by her Royal Highness the Duchebs of Kent and their Royal Highnes,ses the Princess R-yal, Princess Alice, Princess Helena, Princess Louim, and Prince Arthur. In attendance upon Hter Yajesty and his Royal lighness were Lady Churchill, the flun. Flor Macdonald, Earl Granville, Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, Colonel the Ron. C. B. Phipps, and Mr. Becker. Visconnt and Visoountess Palmerson left town on Saturday for Broadlands, Hants. Despatohes were received on Saturday at the Colonialoffice from the Governors of Hongkong, Ceylon, and tho hiauritius. Despatches were sent to these colonies on Saturday evening.
BRIGADIzR-GXNERAL HAVELOCI-HiS Royal Flighness the General Commanding-ir-Chief has availed himself of the first opportluiity preeented to him of recognizing the services of Brigadier- General lavelock in punishiug the mutineera. He has conferred upon him a good-service pension of 100I . a- year.-Uuu¢ted &reuric Uazcte. Tan OVERLAN;D RoUUTR TO INDI&.-Although the offer of MIessrs. Croskey and Co. to establish a regular transport line between England and India, rid Suez, has been declined, the Government, it ay.pears, have determined on sending as nmany troops as possible by that route. The mail steamer Ripon, which left Southamupton yesterday, is to embark 210 soldiers at Malta for Alexandria; and orders have been received for the Australasian, which sails on the L2th proxino with the Australian mails, to be prepared for the conveyance to Alexandria of 400 troops, and, probably a larger naumber. It is rumoured that a certain number of troops will be sent out by each sucessive mail steamer that leavea Southampton for Alexandria, and that all the available steamers of the Peninsular and Oriental Company on the other side of the Isthmus are ordered down to Suez to carry them on as they arrive there. TUE OYFILA1ND iL_n. RoNM Ic-DiA.-The arrangements made by the General Post-oflice icr the rald conveyance of the Calcutta, CbBiaa and Australia maMls from Marseilles to London, and thence to tbe conntry districts, appear to have been moet successuflly carried out. Telegraphic xnd written orders were transmitted to the railway Ruthorities on both aides of the Channel to the Mail Packet Service at Dover, and to the Brtish Consul, Mr. Blonham, at Calais. Bv express desire tho new msil packet Prince Fredenck William was sent to Calais to conver specially the mail *.nd officers in charge of despatehes, an nothing else a special train wvas ordered to be in re3diess at Dover for London under the samne restrictions. Tbe continental train arrived punctually at Calais. Th. mails, 43 boxes from India and Chiaa and nine from Anstralia), were shipped and the vessel wm under way within 18 minutes, and from tho time she put on full speed to the moment of easing herengines of the Admixrajy pier, running the whole distance in a broadside swell from a strong wind N N.E., one hour and 3S muinutes elapsed. (letting alongside, lbnding the hcav; boxss, aud conveying them in hand tracks u p the pier to the railwa setk, and putting them, in the vans, o03upied about 20 minutes, and th, special trawin started at 4.57.. *nd reached Londorn in an hourand 45 minutes. Thus tho Post-office wa enabled to despatch that portion of the mails for the contry by the morning mail trains; and the natropolitan public had their letters by an erly delivery, and the detailsof the momentous intellig6nce peblished in the daily papers Lt least two hourn bhe fore the usual time. Ts1 INDLtN AXND CHSDA Mnsr.-The Peninsulaaand Oriental Company's steamshtp Ripos, Captaiu Dundas, kft Southampton yesterday for Gibraltar, Malta, and Alexandria& with the outward India aud China mail,, 81 first and 3Q xeead class passengers, a large eoa, and 2,47T boxes of specie aad jewellery, value f79Sj 1s, a9signeA as under:- BUyer. Mid. ~wli 'zbap. ..mb.y..£1S 6 355 0 .a ;oo o Ceulon ...- 4, oe3 61 MTadre. . ..Fl 8C . 2 497 if 2 0 ess-ntta .. .. .. 181.955 o - Z 17 renug. ' ': . 5,600 0 - - SlAppole ~49 420 D .5 5 0 omeokong . 0.. .. .. 6 - - shbags4w 1.0..0960 8 - a 139S2 16 S.497 10 150,6 S YX addition to the abore the Colombo has I1 cases of specie for Calcutta, value, $100,000,o fro uavre. Abouk 60 additional passengers are booked from Xarssilles, who will, we understad, be takhh an o Alexan aria Ih the Valetta, tbe Ripos being nder ordew. to tako 200 soldiers on board at Malta, foe ooinveyanae to Alexandria en roubz to India. Among the Ripon's pea' sengers are His Exoellency Sie Will"m Reid, Governorz GeneraI of alta, on his return from two. nmouthe' saenoa Irom mLnalspomion; voioneif Denson, Bnttck, BayhJ Taylor and Franks Lloutetant.Colonels WeaMe ,Sayley Spotiswoode, and daggart; Majors Black, Ro nf Ecee; CAPWDa i?e W. Gordom, W,~ Prite, PFrate1s, Nib. lett, Rowne, Parr, E<obtnson, ThomsoPiL, Lunlr, Goesett, Young, Ayrton, knd Mlorton; Lioutenants Blhekhorn and Hamilton; Rovs. J. Kyxe, W. Stone, E. lesoher, J. RA and Mrs. Baldwin; Dr. Pl%yfr, Dr. Bonaria, &c. The Colombo, Captain J. S. Yield, vith the he ryportion of the homeward India, China, &xd Australtan mails. is not expected boeore Thursday, as we find by the Marseilles despatches tbat abe did not leave Alexandria tDI the morning of the 12th mLn. Tw SALatoN FxsiZRy Ih SCoTuNxD.-The seer ha, nof Closed, and the fishing on the whole is under the P~wt?age. Sl J4zns 3nooxz. -The sum aubacribed in Norfolk to mal-e good the zreent degtroction of Sir James D mke' libwy now amounts to 138k 9s. 6d, foveral 49q tiQns d books bave also been roeined,
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (FBO3 OUR OWN CORflIqspo lRn1r % PARIS,SMzr. 18. A letter from Madrid fully confirms the Ministerial crisis announced by telegraph, and supplies some detaUs concerning it. The Ministers tendered their resignation, not once, but five times, and five times the Queen refused to accept it. You were informed from Madrid some months ago that it was intended to replace General Concha by General Lersundi, as soon as the former officer should have completed the three years which are the allotted term of office for a Captain-General of Cuba. For some time, indeed, it was expected that Conch,. would not be allowed to finish his time. HIsi conduct with respect to the slave trade was flagrant, and had been the subject of strong representations on the part of the British Government to that of Spain. Also, General Narvaez is no friend of the Conchas; Manuel, the one in Spain, had opposed the Government in the Senate, and moreover the Duke of Valencia was then desirous to rsend Lersundi to Cuba in order to give his place to Gonzales Bravo. This combination failed; certain members of the Cabinet opposed Bravo's entrance, and declared they would resign sooner than accept him as a colleague; the diffliculty and prospect of war with Mexico made it undesirable to change the Captain-General at that moment, and so Concha was permitted to remain. The Mexican dispute having entered a more pacific phasis, and Concha's term of service having expired, the subject of his removal has been again brought forward. Narvaez has another friend to put into the Ministry of Marine, this time a protigg named Marfori, the present Civil governor of Madrid, a man of obscure origin, whom nobody ever heard of until within the last 12 months, whom Narvaez has raised from the dust to high station, and would now fain have in his Cabinet, knowing that he can rely upon him as a docile creature and supporter. General Lersundi, too, is probably rather anxious to go to that rich island whence captains- general are wont to return with colossal fortunes. Accordingly on Saturday last decrees were presented to the Queen for signature, recalling Concha, and appointing Lersundi and MarforLI Her Majesty objected, saying that she did not thinak it advisable to remove Concha under present circumstances. This refusal destroyed the whole combination, and, after consultation, the Ministers determined to resign. lnformed of this by Narvaez, the Queen desired they woulld remain. They consented, with the exception of Lersundi, who held out, but was ultimately persuaded, and went with his colleagues to dine at t aace. After the banquet the Queen spoke to him, and said that she had heard he had persisted in resigning, but that she was satisfied with his services and wished him to remain. Nevertheless, on the following day the crisis continued, and four times the Ministry tendered tneir resignation. The Queen sent for some persons of note to consult with, and up to the 14th, the date of the letter, nothing was decided. Later advices by telegraph induce the belief that the crisis has ended, and that the Government would remain unchanged. No names of much mark have been put forward to replace these Ministers in case they went out. Manuel Concha, General Larocha, and Manuel Cortina had been spoken of. It seemed not improbable that if Narvaez stayed in he would stipulate the removal from the palace of certain persons who do not enjoy his confidence-in other words, we may presume, who have been intriguing against him. The palace, however, is ticklish ground to tresd upon, and doubtless Don Ramon will go cautiously to work, unless, indeed, he really desires his resignation to be at last accepted. As I yesterday anticipated, the question of Queen Christina's visit to Madrid does not appear to have had anything at all to do with the crisis. Iam assured that all idea of that visit has now been abandoned, and that she will certainly not go to Spain for her daughter's accouchement. She iis expected to leave in a few days for Italy, to pass a short time with the Duchess of Moutpensier on her passage through. She will then, it is believed, return to France. According to letters from the .Ravannah of the 14th of August the transports wZhich were to receive the troops destined to act against Mexico had been ordered to disarm, and the expedition, which had been provisionally suspended, was indefinitely adjourned. At the period of the British expedition against Persia, the French frigate Sibylle, which had been for three years in the Indian seas, was sent to the Pereisn Gulf. The war over, she went to Bombay and was ordered home to France. On her arrival at Brest, which has just taken place, her commander, Captain Simonet de Maisonneuve, was ordered immediately to Paris, to appear before a Court of of Inquiry, charged to investigate the circumstances that are said to have led to the death of his former second in command, M. lYEstremont de Mancroix. This officer, who held the rank of capitaine de fregate, committed suicide, and report attributed this wt to the persecution he had experienced at the hands of his commander, who, a+ last, after a violent discussion, put hlm ashore and left him. Captain Simonet has the unenviable reputation of being the greatesit Tartar In the service, and certainly there appears to have been something wrong in the way the ship was commanded, for I learn from a private and very competent source that the utmost discontent prevailed on board, and that the crew took every opportunity of deserting. A lieutenant in the French navy, IML Vergne, has Invented a new steam screw propeller, which he calls the fluted screw. The improvement is founded on a very nice observation of the directions taken by the particles of the water displaced and repelled by tbe screw. A commision was appointed to compare the working and results of the old and new screws. The persons composing it embarked at Toulon on board the Vigilant, an iron steam despatch boat of 60 horse-power, fitted with the ordinary screw. Four trips were made along a measured distance; then the screw was replaced by that of M. Vergue's invention, and four other trips were made along the same line. The result showed a gain of 17 per cent. in speed with the new screw, and the almost complete suppression of that disagreeable vibration usual in screw steamers, and which in small vesels renders it necessary to make the hinder part of the ship heavier and more costly than it otherwise need be. The question has been raised whether the same advantages woould be obtained in large vessels. Some scientific persons believe that they would even in a greater degree, and give reasons for their belief. This question will soon be set at rest, for the Emperor haa ordered the experiment to be renewed. this time on a ship of the line. As far as the invention has yet been tested, it seems well deserving the attention of our English naval engineers. The receipts of the Paris and Orleans Railway Company for the week ending the 9th of September amount to 1,118,230f. 83c., being a decrease of 38,134f. 88c. as compared with the corresponding week of last year. The receipts from the 1st of January to the 9th of September amount to 39,677,134f. 31c., being an increase of 5,805,098f. 99c. as compared with the corresponding period of the year 1856. The Three per Oent. dlosed to-day at 67f. 15c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 91f. T5c.; Orleans Railway shree, 1, 372f. SOc.; Great Northern, 860., Strb 66Sf.; New Shares, 655; PAis to Lyons hd thersb,.,e ranean, 9'f. 6ue.; Western of Frane, 706.; Bordeaux and Cette, 665f.; Great Central cf Franoe, 608f. 75c.; Lyona and Geneva, 660l.; Ba k of Crkdt Mobiler, 820.; Austrian Railays, 657f. 50c.; Roman Railways, 485f.; Russan Ral- ways, 510f. Cowv Au qae.-!pARM, Sept 18.-CpAh Prlo _ oand->a~1J per Cent&. (not rel=mbursable for 10 yes), 91f. SOc. 75c; Three CentrL, 66f. 7. 70o. 85e. 67f. Bank of Fr., 28002,810f. - dIto (6501. paId, 2,0. 2,810f1.; Cratt 'onder, Ob1gions of E00., Four tr Cents., 422f. 0c. ; ditto Three per Cents, 3951. ; ditto, Wenlm FFour oer Cee., 85t.; t RobIler, 780f 772t. We. 770. 770£. 765f. 781. 780f. 790f. 8001. 807f. 78O.f 81..81Q. 87. 8f. 8201. 821. 7; Diof nt Ban , 6671f. 5We.; Piodmontes Five per Cents. 90.; AstrnFie pr Cent.. 88; InmperIl Bemns, 87. Exolisp OG London. at Igbt, asrer, 251.20o.; money, 25(. 17o.; thee months paper, 244. 8f..; money, 24f. 82S Ten BTU DAT, SErr. 19. The French Government ahg reeived despatohes by the last Indian mail announcing that the Governor of Pondicherry had written to the Admiral commanding the W ench fleet in the Indian seas to send him some ships-of-war a a mesure of preaution under existing cir¢umsaees Despatches have likewise been received f rom Morocco, by which it appears that disturbances are apprehended among the wfarlike tribes which occupy the coutry betwfeen Fez and Morocco. The Em- peror had made his entrance into the first of those towns, while his son occupied the second. An oflicial account of the evacuation of Hlerat has been received at Teheran. The Persian troops quitted Herat the 4th of 7il hedj6 (26th July). A report was circulated at the same time that GholamnHaydar Khan, a son of Dost Mabommed, was preparing to march on HIerat and take possession of it. It is to be feared that in such case the Persians would again advance, as the Schah will not suffer the Affghans to retain possession of Herat. The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 67f. 16c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 91f.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,370f.; Great Northern, 875f. ; Strasburg, 675f.; New Shares, 665f.; Paris to Iyons and the Mediterranean, 870f.; Western of France, 715f. ; Bordeaux and Cette, 640f.; Great Central of France, 610f.; Lyons and Geneva, 675f. ; Bank of Cr4dit Mobiller, 857f. 50c.; AustrlanRailwaya 65Bf.; Russian Railways, 515f. Cours Authentique.-PARis, Sepi. 19.-Cash PricoS.- Four-and-a-Half per Cent., 83f.; Four-and-.-Ealf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 91L oc.; Three per Cenut.. 67f. 66f. 95c. 67f. 5o. 40o. Mo. 20c.; Cr6dlt FonCer, Obllgations of 5001., Four per Cents,, 422f. 50c., 420f. ; ditto, Three per Cents., 395f. ; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 85a.; Cr6dit Mobiller, 815f. 810f. 807£. 50c. 810f. 815f. 825f. 817£. SOc. 825f. 840f. 845f. 830f. 840f. 865Lf; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f.; Belgian Four-and.a. Half per Cents., 994; Romans, 864; Spanish The per Cents., Exterior Debt, 40; ditto, Interior, 37k. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 25t. 20o.; money 251. 171c. - three months, paper, 24!. 850.; money, 24f. 82Mo. AUSTRIA. (PROM OUR OWi OOBSrPONDMfr.) VIENNA, SZPT. 16. As private news from Russia is extremely rare, the following information will hardly fail to interest yourreaders. When the Paris papers assertthat itwas the Emperor Alexander who first proposed to meet the E mperor Napoleon they are somewhat in error. Theleaders of the Muscovite party are desirous to effect an alliance between France and Russia, and they first proposed that the necessary steps should be taren for bringing about a meeting between the two Emperors. W hen the matter was mentioned to the Czar by Prince Gortachakof ahe displayed no inclination to make advances to the Emperor of the French, but His Majesty eventually yielded to the importunity of his Minister for Foreign Affairs,who represented to him that it was necensary to the welfare of his empire that he should be on the very best terms with the French Monarch. As soon as Prince Gortschakoff hadobtainedtheconaentof his Sc .ureign he began to treat with the French Government, and, after a prolonged correspondence it was agreed that the two Emperors should meet at some third Court. The Austrian Government is resolved so to improve the port of Venice that large merchant vessels shall be able to get up to the city. A new dike or dam is being made at the Lido di Palestrina, oDposite that at Alberoni, which was finished some years since. The lower part of the new dam is already completed, and the depth of water in the channel has increased from 14i to 19 and 20 feet. Four large dredging machines are continualy at work in tbe inner canals; and the Triest Zeitung states that large sums will be expended in repairing the miurazzi, as the breakwater is called whioh lies between the "Lagunee" and the sea. The new railroad terminus at Venice will be built in such a way that docks, warehouses, &c., can be constructed close to it, " should the Suez Canal be cut." In the district of Vicenza coals have been found which are said to be of excellent quality. Baron Sina, the Vienna Crcesus, who not long since bought the Palazzo Grassi, at Venice, for 17,3001., is having it repaired in a most expensive style. One of the first artists in Milan will paint the ceilings of the saloons and the vestibule, and the side of the Palace towards the Campo St. Samuele will be faced with plates or slips of marble. The Baron also intends to buy and demolish some of the neighbouring houses, in order to make a garden of the ground on which they stand. On Sunday last, the 13th int., there was a festival in the vast arena at Milan. It began with a race between jockeys, who rode with mddles and stirrups, and fanti7ni (grooms), who had neither the one nor the other. There was then a chariot race, and the victor in it was rewarded with 1,000 lire (about 331.). There was also a tombola, or lottery, of which, as you are perhaps aware, the Lombards are passionately fond. The prizes were worth about I 001., and each person who entered the arena received a ticket gratis. The army has just had a proof that the Emperor is not inclined to permit his officers to insult the civil authorities with impunity. Nob long since Count Hunyady, a major inmshe 8th Hussars, went into new quarters at a village near Vienna, but was so dissatisfied vwth the rooms provided for him by the mayor of the place that he used extrermely violent and offensive language to him. A complaint was made by the village dignitary, and the major was at once dismissed from the army, and sent to his estates in Hungary. A part of the 3d army is now enoamped on the so-called Rakosch field, near Pesth. The troops in the camp are :-7 infantry regiments, 4 battalions of PRifles, 2 regiments of Artillery, 2 regiments of Lancers, 2 battalions of Ploneers, 3 battalions of Engineers, several " sanitary," companies, and a part of the baggage train. For the information of travellers it may be stated that there will be strategic niovements on a grand scale on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of September. To-morrow, if the weather be fine, the evolutions of the eight cavalry regiments lying near Parndorf wiU begin. Little is said on the subject here, but it is whispered that the Hungarians represent their pilgrimage to MariazeU as a kind of political demonstration. They say that they went in such numbers to the shrine of the Holy Virgin-who is their especial protectress (patrona Rungaria)-to implore her to protect their greatly endangered nationality. The report that rsichsschatzscheine to the amount of 150,000,OOfI. were about to be issued has received a semi-official contradiction ta-day. TURKEY. (PROM OUR OWN CORRESFPONDENTr) CONSTANTINOPLE, SxrT. 9. Aniother cange has just taken place in the Sultan's Mnistry, anc astonished every one here much more than the fall of Redschid. Fethi-Achmet Pasha, Grand Master of the Artillery and brother-in-law to the Sultan, has been superseded. Under ordinary circumstances a change in the comparatively subordinate direction of the Artillery would attract but little notice; but Frethi-Achmet was not merely Grand Master of the Artilery, and his disgrace is a matter of no little consequence in Constantinople politics. A favourite of the late Sultan Mahmoud, who married him to one of his daughters, he maintained his position and influence with the present Sultan, and has played an important part in all the political intrigues of Constantinople for the last 30 years. But justice will not allow me to say that this influence was acquired by legitimate means and used to promote the Interests of his master or his country. Sensual and depraved in the extreme, he has habitually pandered to the worst pasions of the Sultan, and encouraged him in the most degrading vices NIght after night the Imperial culque would be seen quietly glidlng down the waters of the Baosphmu to land the Sultanu at the little kiosk of Tophan6, where Fethi-AcinnAt was waiting to receive him. Here the two us-e to spend their evenings, and what orgies have taken piacein that little kiosk I will not and cannot say. When the Sultan ws elated with wine, and became expanive and confiding, he had nothing to refuse to his favourite. Feths-A chmet would then, in a moment when it suited his own selfis purposee, thwart the intentions of all the Ministers combind He has made and unmade more Minister than all the other Pashas put together. He belongs to no party and has no friends, though his dependents are numerous. He did not require friends: he was aparty in himself. He governed the Sultan; hewv therefore dreaded and flattered by every succesive Ministry. For more thun 10 yeazs he has been Director of the Artillery; he would not rie to any higher office. Ie might have been Grand Vizier, but he always refused. A shrewd man, he felt that in a conspicuous place he would lose the advantage of his secret but powerful influence. He would become mixed up with forelgn plitics; he would come into collison with foreign diplomatists, be identified with a certain policy, and have been swept away with his colleagues in every Ministerisl change. At Tophan6 his position was obscure in appearance, but it never changed; political crises broke over his head without affecting him. Be- sides, money had always a great charm for him, an4l there are many good perquisites in the direction of the Artillery Arsenal. All the Government COpper mines belong to this department, and occasionally there i5 good business to be done in ore and old oopper and brass, and in a great many other things too numerous to mention here Altogether, his own post was perhaps more lucrative than the Vizierat, and, besides, it was a permanency. What circumstances have brought on this man's disgrace I cannot say positively. He was dismissed in the morning, and the night previous the Saltan had spent at Tophan6 drinking and making merry as usual in his company. Can it be that the Saltan has suddenly taken a temperance resolution, and s) sent away the favourite who led him on to drunkenness ? Inshailah ! as the Turks say; but this Is too good to be credible. From the peculiarity of his position with the Sultan he has long been a clog to every Ministry. There is not a Pasha but would have got rid of him long ago if he could. What has been often tried before has, it seems, been effected by the wily Minister of War, Mehemed Ruchdi Pasha, the most clever and, at the same time, moat dexterous man in the present Mfinistry. The famous Moldavian question seems again the cause which has been worked upon. Fethi had greatly contributed to the appointment of Vogorides, and as all this matter has excessively hurt the feelings of the Sultan, who has not yet recovered from the mortification inflicte I upon him, it was easy to exaggerate still the share of responsibility falling to Fethi and provoke hi3 resentment. There is a story told that Fethi took a large bribe-6,000 ducats-from Vogorides, and that proofs of this have been obtained and submitted to the Sultan. But Fethi is a great deal too experienced a hand to allow any proof of such a transaction to exist, and moreover the sum mentioned is hardly smfficient to make him expose himself to the least danger. The story is altogether improbable. The direction of the Artillery has been given to Mehemed Vasif Pasha, the Turkish commander at Kars during the siege, who, at all events, is a general who has seen some service. Notwithstanding the slender merits of Fethi Achme' Pasha, the Turkish Artillery arsenal is by no mean 4 in an inefficient state. But this is owing to Hali( Pasha, an officer of great distinction educated at Woolwich; still it is nothing like what it should be, when the enormous sums lavished upon it are taken into account. Mr. George Barkley, one of the engineers of the Black Sea and Danube Railway Company, has gone up this week to Rustendje with several assistants, intending to commence at once the works for the railway. The Russian railways seem likely to be commenced soon also; a large party of French engineers ani one English arrived here last week on their way to Theodosia. They are under an engagement to remain 10 years in the Russian service, and have brought with them tsheir wives and their familio. It seems that that portion of the raiLway which is to connect the Crimea to the mainland will be the first completed. Russia is not inclined to allow another Crimean expedition or siege of SebastopoL As soon as this railway ia completed she can fearlessly re-establish a naval arsenal in Sebastopol, for no one willthen be able to attack it with any chance of success.
IRELAND. (PRom OUrp nflwN DUBLIN, SATURDAYMWOnNMG. THE DISARXSENXT AT BEFAT. Yesterday Belfast came under the operation of the Peace PreBervation Act, but letters of last nights date say that the search for arms is not expectel to result in the capture of many prohibited weapons. Following the counsel of MIr. John itacphoel given in the year 1848, the possewsors have seereted or otherwise disposed of their guns and pistols. "Yesterday," says a writer, " it was quits amusing to see here and there through the streets persons, affecting an air of unconcern, walking towards the outskirts of the town with very suspiciouslooking objects carefully wrapped up in horse-rngs or in paper tucked under their armn." The Government investigation is proceedig at a rather slow pace. On Friday the principal witness examined was the Rev. Mr. M'Ilwaine, one of the episcopal clergy who had taken a leading part in the open-air preaching crusade. The rev, gentleman threw the whole blame of the riots on the shoulders of certain writers inthe anti-Protestant newspapers, one of whom stigmatized him as "canting MJlwaine." He emphatically denied being in any way connected with the Orange Society. Meanwhile " peace," observes the Befat Mercury, " reigns in every quarter of the once reckless land of the Ormonds, and, strange to say, the coercion laws are reproduced in the northern Athens." The same journal further remarks that- During the reign of terror in the south and West it wms usual for paies of agrarian offenders to go out with their faces blackened and serve Rocklte notices on those who had rendered themselves obnoxioce to their policy. UJnder the Delht code of the Sandy-row mutineari a more open system was carried out; and, s we hav heard, notices to quit' were served by persons who usel no digguise whatever. Several famlies of the Romni Catholic party were obUged to leave thair houses on th, edict of shese self-constituted dictators; and where promop obedience was not paid to the order very summary proceedings followed. The antagonism thus callUd into existence set on t'oot the lawless attempt to get up ' gun cluW by the other party; and, between theme two factions, the town of Belfast has had a dark spot plaed on Its escutcheon, whichL it wil require some exertion to sweep away. The course pursued by the Lord-Lieutenant, in placing the town under e Peace Preservation Act, may seem questionable to those Jaware of the spirit which, since the 12th of Jnly la;t, has been at work in Belfast. Every peacble ana quiet citizen will, however, admit that, under the circamnstances, severe measures should be submitted to by the orderly and well-disposed for the purpose of brnging the powers of the law to bear on the factious and ill-conducted. The equalizing laws of the last quarter of a eentury have placed on the same platform the members of the several churches. Roman Catholics have had their shackles broken off, and the widest pale of freedom has bean left open for them. The right-thinking portion of th%t church are fuly aware of all this; and they feel disgracei by the narrow-minded tyranny of those of their creed who would attempt to close the gates of civil and religious liberty on others. If, however, the Sepoys of both churches cannot conduct themselves in such a way as to show that they understand the true meing of the word liberty, the clauses of the Peace Preservation act may teach them a lesson far more painful than they could nticipae Belfast is proclaimed; let the social mutineers be of future marauding." THE INDIN ZLIT FUND. The Irish capital, always forward in the cause of suffering humanity, Is maklng the necessary preparations In aid of the good work begun in England for the relief of the survivors of the Indian atrocities. A deputation waited on the Lord Mayor yesterday, praying his Lordship to convene a public meeting to concert measures towards collecting subscriptions, and F riday next has been appointed for the purpose. ALready the Lord-Lieutenant has notified that he will head the list with a donation of 1001. IISH SsPOYS. In connexion with the events in India, it may be recollected that In the course of last week an inflammatory placard was posted in the town of axrrick-on-Suir, to the great scandal of the peaceable and well-disposed inhabitants of the place, who lost no time in taking measuree to express their horror of the sentiments embodied in the atrocious document. A meeting of the town commissioners, the majority composed of Roman Catholics and iaberals, was held there on Wednesday, when the following reaclutlon was unanimously adopted:- " Resolved,-That having heard with unmitigated surprise and pain that a placard of a seditious and infammator natue has been posted through our town, the act we feel satisfied of some individmal misoreant,. endeavouring to excite disaffectlon in the minds of the people, we tke this the earliest opportunity to denounce such conduct in the mode unqualified terms; and while we regard any attempt to enlist the sympathy of evea o indevidual in this place for the nefarious purpose Intended as utterly futile, and deserving of our most profound contempt, we, neverthele., re determined to use the most strenruous means to discover and bring to justice the individual who had the hardihood to perpetrate such an insult to the peaeable character of our town; and that, for this purpos9 a subscription be opened, and a reward offered for the detection of the perpe- tor of this outrage." The Free Press (Roman Catholic and Ultr*r Liberal) adds:- "A subscription list was opened, and all the comnilsioners preent enrolled therein. This day, the 17th of September, 1857, the matter was brought under the notice of the local justies at petty xessons, who all subscribed largely. It is expected the local subscriptions will i a few days exoeed 1001L, when the reward will be published, and the incendiary in l probability discovered. It should be remarked tbat it now appears that these inflammatory placards were not confned to this town alone, but were also psted very generalUz In the rural districts of Kilkenny and W erford. There i but one feelig here among all* l that is an anxions desire to discover and bring the e bnder to condign punishment." As a set-off to this creditable display of rightfeeling, it is but fair that the British public should know that the section of the Irish press devoted to the Sepoy interest oontinues its foul work with unabated zeal. One of those champions of Nena Sahib, in its number of this day, poeitively gloats over the temporary reverses of the gallant Havelock, to whom the Nation refers in these terms : - " G4aneral Havelock has been gainig great victories over the rebels,fouror five per diem on an average, and march ng enormous distanoes in very sbort times. He is shortly to receive the title of General Jack the Giantkiller. It in not to be supposed fors moment that any number, small or large. of the Bntish troops are ever beaten to ops, or kick up their heels and run for their lives across the country. No I perish the thought !-they only ' retire,' or 'are throwninto a little confusion,' or ' receive a check.' So it was at Agra, and Fo it has been with Her Mlajesty's 10th Regiment of Foot, according to the last accounts; so it has been, we venture to say, on many other occasions of which we havo as yet heaxd nothing ard as the British do not wish to speak of them, weprooablyshaU never hear a word, Lord Canning having garotted the pre8s of India. This garotting, how. ever, be it remarked,was only done to prevent the press from praising the British too much and publishing to the world their highly creditable acts. The modesty of the Briton could not stand that. And again, with reference to its especial favourite, the Nation says:- " The Insurgents, it is said, have been defeated in several enagements by the troops under General Havelock. Nena teb, we are told, is no more. He was the only man among the insurgent chiefs who soeems to have studied British his.- tory and to have adopted British vigour. He spared none of the filibusters who fell into his hands, and theirs was a terrible fate indeed, to fall into the hands of a foe nearly as savage as Ludlow, as merciless as Cromwell I Perhaps, as the victims of Nena Sabib were so few, it would be too much to compare his ' rigour' with that of those bloody monsters, or presume to elevate to the dignity of ' a crowning mercy' the horrors of Cawnpore. He certainly made a faint endeavour to copy British tactics as practised in lre. land; and, as In life so in death, he imitated the British generals; following the example of Stalker and Ethridge, he ended his career by suicide. Havelock seems to be pushing on rapidly to relieve Lucknow, the importance of which it would seem he was fully aware of' but there seems far more likelihood of the siege of Delhi being raised than that of LuC1know; a few more sorties ucb as those reported by this ma,11 and there would not be a British ten' within sight of Shaljehanaba" TEE IRISH BANKS. The following is extracted from the monetary article of the Dublin Evening Post.- " In several cases, English banks of long standing arepay. Ing still higher dividends to the proprietors, and in Ireland our banks generally, which have been generally Improving year by year by judicious management, have proved most remunerative investments. We have often had oocislon to notice this gratifying fad in reference to the periodical reports of the various banks, and we have now to add that the Royal Bank of Ireland has jast declared a dividend for the last half-year at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum, with a bonus of 5 per oent. This amounts to 8 per cent, for the half-year, and adding 6 per cent, dividend and bonus paid for thLe previous half-year, the proprietors receive 14 per cent for the year. Certainly trade has been unusuay semnd and prosperous in recent years in this portion of the unitSed kingdom, but this is to be attributed in a great degree to the judgment and liberality with which the Irish banks ingenera thave acted towards the public, affordingall possible facilities to legitimate trade, but discuragIng ras and dangerous speculation." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 89k; ditto, for account, 13th of October, 892; New Three per Cent. Stock (shut), 89& i, ditto, for account, t3th of October, 8l)t; Dub iu and Liverpool Steaun Ship Building Comnany (501. paid), 46; Wicklow Copper (51. paid), 3l.6 Railways.-Dnblin and Wicklow (10. paid), 6B 5 x.d; Great Southern and Western Stock (100!. paid), 961 ; ditto, for account, 961' MIdland Great Western and Royal Canal (i0! paId), 50; ditto, half- (BY BBITISHI AMD IRISH MAGNxTIO TELaGRALPE. BELLFAST, SEPT 20. TheRlev. M r Hatma persisted to-day in attempting to preach, but the, mayor stopped him and sent hm home. Thtere were great crowds and slight disturb-. ances, but all is qutiet now. There are 400 constabul patrolling the tow. >~~~~~~~~ -An
SPOBTING INTELLIGRNCE. THE ST. LEGaB WINNEs,.-Both John Scott and Flatman were most cordially congratulated on tho succes3 of Imp6rieuse. They may well be proud of their achievements, John Scott never sent an animal in finer condition to the post than Imp6rieuse, and, despite her unacooantable run:ing at York, he had the firmest faith in her. The fact, as we understand it, is that after the York Meeting Imp6rleuse was tried with Warlock, and so satisfactorily did she acquit herself that a large commission was sent out to back her. and that commission was partly executed during Warwick Races. John Scott has the additional triumph of having carried off the St. Leger two year in successon, accomplishing the feat with " outsiders." Flatman, too, was warmly congratulAted on folloing up his achievements of last year, when he won the Great Yorkshire Handicap on Typee, and the St. Leger on Warlock. His success on Imperieuse on this occasion afforded him a double gratification, as she is the daughter of his favorite horse Orlando, on whom he won the Derby in 1844. Flatman has now three times carried off the St. Leger-viz., in 1848 on Sarplice, in 1856 on Warlock, and in 1857 on Imp6drieuse; and every one who admires skilful riding, sound judgment, and unassuming behaviour must hope that he will live to add many more St. Legers to his triamphs. Imp6rieuse was bred at tho Royal stud. She is by Orlando out of Eulogy, a mare that was purchased by Mr. Goodwin at the sale of the late Mr. Stephenson, and at the same time that Mr. Howard bought Virago. The produce of Eulogy, toe dam of Imp6rieuse, have already realized 10,000 gaineas and she has now at her feet an own brother to the St. Ier winner, aud this foal will be brought to the hammer at the next Royal sale. Imp6rieuse was bought at this sale by Lord Maidstone for 400 guineas, and last year she became the sole property of Mr. John Scott, who has found her a lucky purobase, having won the One Thousand Guineas with her, in addition to the St. Leger. It will be remembered that Impdrieuse won the Thousand Guineas easily, giving link Bonny almonet as easy a beatin BlinkBoy ave her at E om, and quiheaseasyas "Blink"againsustalued for the lit. Leger. To win the Derby, Oaks, and St. Leger has never fallen to the lot of one animal. Those w.ho like " strange coincidences" may derive some amusement from the following statement:-Champion was the first horse that won both the Derby and St. Leger. ]n 1800 he won the double event, and from that perlod down to 1841 the " Champion cbarm" was not broken. Surplhoe in that year won the Northern and Southern events, and in 1849 and 1850 similar triumphs awaited the Flying Dutchman and Voltigeur. An interval of three years then elapsed before a Derby victor added the St. Leger to his achievements, but in 1853 West Australian accomplished the feat of winning the three great races of the season-viz., the Two Thousand, the Derby, and the St. Leger. Since that period the St. Leger ha fallen to "outsiders." In 1801, Eleanor, like Blink Bonny in the present year, carried off the Derby and Oas, and in 1835 Queen of Trumps won the Oaks and the St. Leger, but since that time the last-named events have not been placed to the crodit of one annal.-Sunday lTmea. HUNTING APPOINTMrNT. SIAGOUNODS. Devon and Somerset .. Tesaday .. Jeerr n Kennel ..0.. 1630 Friday .. lbo.10 30
THE METDJIDI2 AND THE GUARD& TO 1TH RMITOE OF THE TIMES. Sir,-laving just Derusedaletter in this morning's paper, under the head of "The XedJidi1e," and signed by "Nemo," I take the liberty of offering a few words of comment, which, I should imagine by the wording of his opening sentence, he is anxious to avoid. In the first plice, I think ' Nemo" must have chosen his name well, and I congratulate him upon the modesty he has displayed in the choice of his eor!quet. But I cannot go so far upon the accuracy of his statement respecting the services and whereabouts of the Brigade of Guards in the Crimea. or the number he has given who are to receive the Turkish order as Guardsmen. Let me tell him that he would have cut a much bolder figuro as the champion of the Light Division, to which he particularly alludes, or the Line in general, if he had expended his venom upon the authorities as to the scanty supply of orders that have been decided upon for their reception, instead of attempting to detract from the merits of the Brigade of Guards who may have been considered worthy of the honour, and are, there. fore, to receive it. Be can do the Brigade of Guards no harm and the Light Division no good by such a management of the subject, and he has displayed a certain amount of ignorance by telling you that the "Brigade of Guards did no duty in the trenches, but remained at Balaklava." He may now stand corrected (as a correspondent to the Bxamincr had to do by me some weeks ago), when I tell him that the Brigade of Guards were on the height before Seabatapol from tba commencement of the siege antil it embarked for England after the conclusion of the peace, with one exception, and that wa owing to the deplorable state of weakneis to which it was redueed by sickness and other casualties, when It was found necessary, for the sake of the remnant, to remove It to Balaklava towards the latter end of February, 1855, or the geqimrina of March. The Brigade ot Guards returned to the heights at one of the most critical periods during the siege (the 16th of June, 1855), and was oontinully employed m the trenches till the fall of SepastopoL Your correspon. dent dose not seem to be aware that there are several officers' names down on the list for the Order of the Medjidie as Guardsmen now who earned whatever honours they have received when serving in the Line. This fact wil, I imagine, rather upset his calculations. I have the honour to be voni nW-4Ain, -- 0. H. LINDAV. U, u , late of the 3d battion, G di,uaj^ L.ondoji, Sept. 15.
rVERPOOL, Saturday.-The British and North Americ4n Royal Mail steasrhip Arabia, Store commander departed hence this morning for New York, with the usua mails and 140 passengers, among whom rere Profewcr Morae, the Amencan electriein, and r. C. Pad, one of the promoters of the Atlantic Telegraph ;ompany. The cew xteamsbips City of Washington 4nd Azglo-axon ake their departure for New York and Quebec respectively on Wednesday next. The latter will convey the Canadian mail. To-day the ship King of Algeria, belonging to the le line of pskei with' 3 ssengers and a lore and !IAble cergo, iled hoenfor iel'eourze;&nd on XonCAy the e-sh Shaksp.aek, Captain bNlong to the Wite Star lineo packet., WiM sail for the xun, deetinstion, with 500 pesinger and a blTre cargo. * R URIN O.F TB COu=T FROM SOOThAIW.-It is at preeent arranged that the Court leaves Balmoral on Wedneaday, the 14th of October, traveUing to Bdinbur4h by the Scottish North.Eastern and Soottish Central Rlailwaya Itis aexpected tat h outewll be by Deeside. and not by the Spittal of Glenshee. The Queen wrill leave Edin. burgh on Thursday norning, the 15th, and visit Wentworth Castle, as already shted in 27The Te3.
AUSTRALIA. (FROM OUI OWN CORBSPONEZNTh. MELBOURNJE, JULY 22. The Columbian, with the May mail, arrived in H3obson's Bay on the Gth of Jtuly, bringing newspapers to the 17th of May, or in 60 days. The number and peculiar position of the Chinese here are growing into a difficulty, which the threatei ed relations between the Imperial Government and the Celestial Empire, and the recent events in Bongkong and the Chinese Seas are likely to aggravate. We have now about 45,000 or 50,00V Cbinese in the colony, out of a total population of about 420,000. They encamp themselves in bodies at the principal diggings,have hitherto conducted themselves in a very orderly manner, are extremely industrious and saving, and they chiefly occupy themselves by washing the earth after the European diggers have done with it-tailings it is technically called. They are very sober, though many of them indulge in opium-smoking. On the whole they are usetul producers, and as they are extensive customers of the storekeepers they are not unpopular with the trading part of the community. But the diggers do not like them. They say the Chinese spoil the water, that they are dirty in their habits, and great pilferers. The last accusation is not supported by the returns of the courts of justice, and I believe all the other accusations are exaggerated. In all the diggings they have succeeded in finding eight European women willing to marry them; but in one case poor John Chinaman got a bad bargain, for the lady managed to persuade John that our customs forbade any close intimacy during the honeymoon, and one night when John was asleep " the faithless she " walked off with his gold. John sallied forth till his eye met a lawyer's sign in the Chinese character, which, being interpreted, was " A B, very good lawyer-very; takes difficult cases in court." So he walked in for advice, when it was explained to hiim that " a feme cannot commit larceny of the goods of the baron; quta possession of the wife is the husband's possession, there. fore no asportarit." Whether John appreciatedc the recondite learning of his adviser may be doubted, I but, at all eventb, he was made to understand that his case was hopeless. i On the 4th of July the diggers of the Bucklaud river, near Beechworth, had a merrymaking on the I occasion of the great American holyday. A large number of diggers were assembled, and upon some impulse, the immediate cause of which did not appear, about 300 of them made an attack upon the Chinese encampment, and drove some 1,500 of the unfortanate Chinese before them into the bush. Many of the retreating panic-stricken victims were beaten and illtreated, and it is reported that two or three have since dieo. from exposure. Having driven the Chinese away from their homes, they fired the tents and destroyed the property. Some of the "rowsdies" are in custody, and the law will be put in force against them. This occurrence indicates the real danger we have to apprehend from the presence of large bodies of Chinese at the several diggings. It is not that the Chinese are likely to attack the Europeans, but that the Europeans cannot be restrained from attacking them. If the Government cannot put down and punish this and similar attacks a habit of insubordination wMll be generated highly detrimental, if not fatal, to good order. It is by no means impossible that the Chinese may think themselves strong enough in some localities to attack in return. These and other possible if not probable evils incidental to the presence of a large number of Chinese are turning people's thoughts to a remedy. One has been attempted, but it has been evaded and has failed. Au Act was passed by the old Council limiting the number of Chinese immigrants in proportion to tonnage, and imposing a tax of 101. a-head, rhis at first operated as a check upon Chinese immigration; but they nowT land at Guichen Bay, in South Australia, and thence walk into our territory ;without iimediment. The only remedy left seems to be an arnual poll-tax to be expended in the governing and protecting the Chinese people. The first Parliament of Victoria, under the new Constitution, met on the 21st of November, and is still in session, without having completed much work, and with heavy Bills on the paper which will take considerable time to work through committee. Two Ministerial changes were followed by two adjournments of about a month each, and as the House only sits on four days in each week, it has only sat 97 days in the eight months. Lately the House has been occupied for weeks on the Ministerial Land Bill. Ministers are strong inthe Rouse. Their working majority is generally about 30 to 20, and I do not think the proportion would be materiaUy different if all the 60 members were present. There is no doubt that the Land Bill has met with great opposition throughout the length and breadth of the country. Itis the first time the right of petition has been exten4lvely resorted to in this colony. This land question is really a matter of no smaU difliculty to any Ministry. If the O'Shanassy MTinistry had held office for some time, and had brought in their Land Bill, I have not the slightest doubt that by a union of the Squatters with the Haines party, that Ministry would have been defeated. It was, I suspect, to avoid this, and a probably consequent dissolution, that the Squatters united with the Raines party to turn out O'Shanaasy before he could even showr his Land Bill, without being compeUed ultimately to do so on a popular question. The objectionable feature of the Bill which has excited great opposition is that it confirms to the Squatters the monopoly of 42,000,000 of acres for five years, with very inadequate provisione for taking portions of the runs for sale. The very power of the Ministry to carry anything they please has, I think, led them to persist in their posture of defiance of the opposition in and out of doors, and it has compelled the Opposition to meet this undisguised defiance by every species of obstruction which the forms and usages of Parliament admit of. Lat week the Government admitted that many of the clauses of their BiU were so defective that they were prepared to submit amended clauses. Thus the opposition has not been fruitless. Mr. Duffy asked that the clauses.in question should be printed and placed in members' hands before proceeding further. This reasonable proposal was resisted by the Government, whereupon some 18 of the Opposition retired from the House. I doubt the wisdom of this proceediug, and O'Shanassy seems to have been of that mind, for he stuck to his post. The next day the Government, after resisting d l'outranew and debating for one whole night, printed the amendment sections. They do a little mitigate the evili nature of the BilL Whether they will be accepted by the Opposition or not I cannot say, but I am very sure they wiUl not satisfy the country, for they leave it a Squa*ting Bill still. There aresome elements in this question which a five nights' debate failed to develope, and even to touch upon. There is a large amount of effective labour in this colony which is not hireable, and which it is the business of the statesman to render available as an instrument of production,-small farmers, gardeners, and many of higher degree who have no objection to the exercise of their muscular strength in usefulproductive employments but not in the position of meniala. We have here offioers in the army, gentlemen of no calling, attorneys, graduates, baristers who have tried their fortunes at the dieo- gings. In other colonies I have knowrn many labour effectively on their own farms, and even make little, aud in some caWe large fortunes, who could not have rso laboured as the hired servants of others Women of condition, and even of education and accomplishments, turn to useful labour with much more facility than their husbands. I have known women of considerable refinement manage their own dairy, make butter and cheese for market, and even milk their own cows and bake their own bread, and moreover do all these thinp better than many of the rustics who have been at it all their lives. Women of this clas would feel themselves degraded, and would be degraded, by performing these labours for an employer at " high wrages." From the great variety of peraons who have been attracted to this colony by some vague notion that they could not fall to do wrell in a country where a few hundred thousand people share many millions of gold annually among them, I am convinced that the amount of abour not menial which we have among us i far greater in proportion to population than in any one of our colonies. Now, to this class the possemion of land in convenient ituation is the only available resource epen, and the industrious and eober labourers who have I saved some money swell their ranks. In the mode of submitting land for sale, in the modae of promulgating notices, in the mode of selecting localitiel, this numerous class bas been wholly ignored. Evea the simple expedient of lots of various sizes"Jlot;s to suit purchasera"-haa not been resorted to. Tt teemd to have been assned also that if lots of 100 acres are "open for selection" after one trial by auction, any "unhireable" labourer hax no ground of complaint. "Here we offer land," says the Government, "if you have money you can buy it, if you bave no money, you have no more right to sr,g land than you have to a coach and six." But my " unhireable" friend lool-s around him and does Fee that, in fact, a few hundred favoured squatters do get 42,000,000 acres without money, or paying a small annual rent; and what the small capitalist really wants is, in a fewr words, a share of the grass; that is, he says " a hundred acms are of little use to me if I am to be confined within my own fences; what I want is a little pasturage in addition to my arable." There are, no doubt, some difficulties in the way of a practical solution, which would be of no interest to your readers, but I do not believe they are very great. The squatterxs aim is to get as much unstocked land as possible. to admit of indefinite increase; and there is, no doubt, a great deal of unstocked land now monopolized by the squatting lords. Humble claiman are always moderate in their demands at first. It 'would be, r think, greatly to the interest of the Ministry ad the equatters to yield to these demandsr; if they do not, I am very certain they will bave to give up more. In a former letter I described the plan of the Land League. Resistance of just and fair demands wfill be very likely to end in the forcead adoption of the Land League plan-" free selection for purehasers over the whole country, and open pasturage." Besides "the constitutional right of petition," another mode of external presure has been adopted in consequence of the obnoxious Bill. A "convention of delegates" from all parts of the country, conEisting of about 70 members, is now sitting in Melbourne to discuss this vital question. A great deal of small wit is expended of course on this "mock parliament" of " stump orators," and so forth; but its proceedings are conducted 'with regularity and good sense, and the newspapers, at all events, think its debates of sufficient importance to be regularly reported. That 70 men can be found to leave their homes to discusa this question in the metropolis is in itself evidence of the intensity of public opinion on the question. It will probably end in a demand for Parliamentary reform and a dissolution. Upon the right determining of this land question will depend whether people ought or ought not to be encouraged to come to this colony. If carried in accordance with the views of the squatters, certainly the colony will be no place for small capitalists who derire to become yeoman-proprietors. The mere labourer will be attracted by the high wages prevalent here; but such of the labouring classes as have ambition to elevate themselves, and intelligence to cboose between one colony and another, will not choose one where, I will not say it will be impossible to acquire land, but where very great difficulty will be thrown in his way. The Wakefield principle of a " sufficient price," which in so far as the present price is sufficient, is not likely to be departed from. That will keep up a supply of combinable labourers. If anything tend to impair that supply it is the great " feature of attractiveness" at Tllarat, and Bendigo, and the Ovens. It is when the settler has " laboured for bire" for a while successfully that he expects to be able to retire upon his own freehold. He selects the bank of some pleasant ream as his savings-banl, and finds that it forms part of Mr. Somebody's run, which, perhaps, is never used, but is waiting for the increase of the year 1860, The other questions before the House are not of importance to the English reader. The Royal Charter arrived in Hobson's Bay on Sunday, having sailed on the 17th of May. Trade has been rather dull of late, and the demand for securities has rather given way. Hobson's Bay Railway shares, which just touched 100, have gone down to 80. This is in anticipation of new shares, and in part, no doubt, owing to a quantity of new stock of other kinds in the market. Banking and insurance shares keep up. The Govermment has p roclaimed the Sydney sovereign a legal tender in Victoria. This, I think, will raise prices generally about 3 per cent. (that is, if the Sydney Mint can coin fast enough and has the motive of a sufficient profit). Exchange wil also have a tendency to advance. The banks yesterday demanded a premium on English sovereigns, which seems quite premature as exchange is only 2 premium, and that does not fulfil the condition of export. If the banks continue to ask a premium on English sovereigns, Sydney sovereigns will firt be exportedlwhen exchange is high enough, for in London, I believe, the Sydney coin is worth 20s. worth of gold. The quantity of gold received last week was 36,036 ounces-whole years, 1,304,096.; quantity exported 1,499,855 ounces. Kuhll used to send his accounts to the Argus, he now furnishes them to the Herald. The A rgus account keeps a little below Kuhll's acconnt, but as he is an authority I generally follow him. The import trade is dull, as I think it usnally is about ths season. As the bad weather has not passed away, and more maybe expected, people hang on to their old garments and wait for spring fashions. At least this is the shopman's way of accounting for it, and I see no reason to doubt its accuracy. This reactg on the importing merchant. But 1 see nothing im the state of imports or exports to lead me to think the dullness likely to be permanent. If we have an influx of Sydney coin there wil be a tendency towards improvement, and the overtrading in building and speculation in shares and money securities will not operate injuriously for some considerable time. The best Adelaide flour is up to 23 in Adelaide, and 2516 here. Wool has declined about 2d. per lb., but I do not attach much value to Austrliaan quotations, as the market here is governed by London advices. The only wool sold thix week has been some New Zealand at 20d. The discovery of some rich and well-watered land, with a fresh water lake either part of Lake Torrens or in its neighbourhood, hm raised opinion and expectation as to the state of the interior of South Australia. There seems to be little doubt that the account is authentic.
NORWICH MUSICAL FS-TIVAL. This feetival w finaly closed on Friday evening with n ball, which terminated about 4 o'clock on Saturda morning The ccmpany numbered 410 of the !lit of Norwich and Nor ok, indluding Lord Hstlngs, Lord Walpole, Lord BuY, LP., the Hon. F. Walpole, Lieutenant.olonel Fitzroy, Captain Ives, the Hon. Mr. Har. bord, Lady Ffolkes. LAdy A. Wathen, Lady Afieck, Mr. Ouley Onley Mr. Hay Gurney, the Mayor of Norwich, the Sberiff of Norwich, the Mayor of Great YArmouth, the Hon. Mr. Astley, Sir FL Rhbinson, Mr. Earcourt, Mr. Boger Kerrison, Mr. I K. Long, Mr. R. J. H. Harvey, Lieutennt Chamberlin, Ceptin Gay, &c. The entertainment was announoed as a fancy dres ball, but only six or eight ladies and some 30 or 40 gentlemen appeared in costnmes. Several offnoers were, however in reentals, or the full dress of deputy-lieutenants; and, s a large proportion of the beauty and fashion of Norfolk and Norwich assembled on the occasion, St Amdrew's-bxall presented a very brUliant and animated spectacle. Weippert's quadrille band attended, and Mr. Nouerre, of Norwich, acbed a director of the ball. The entertainment pawed ofr more uOOeesfulIl than the eo.ponding portion of the festivl of 154, which was attendau by only 174 persons; but at the ball of 1852 tbere were 471 persons present; at that of 1848, 548; at that of 1845, 691; at that of 1842, 688; nd at that of 1839, 1,62. The fesival has, however, b;ee tolerably sucoessful on the whole. A rerised return of the attendance at the 1854 meeting shows tbat there were proset on the Tuesday morning. 448 Tuesdy evenig .607 Wednesday morning ... ... 979 Wednesday evening 619 ThurKay morning. .. . ... 19 Thnrsdayerening ... ... ... ... 1,2 Friday morning. 1,353 Ball. . 74 Onte Totial ..6,306 On the present oCOon the numbers have been- Tuesday evening ... ... .. ... ... L0 Wednesday morning .1,020 Wednesday evening ... ... 962 Thursday morning . . ,09 Thursday evening .709 Fridy morning .1,470 Ball. , 410 Total... .. .. ..6,718 This shows an increae of 413, notwithstanding that tb. performance was omitted. The accounts will not be fi&Uy cloted for a few mornths, but the surplus of reoeipts orer expenditure i estimated at from 2M. to 300 No T ILORAPH To BA1coRA.x-TheIndi&nexpreeu ewhich reached London on Sunday afternoon, did not reao the Queen until Monday niorniug. Is was telegrphed to Aberdeen, ana podted to BalnioraL The other despatoheg *ere prportionally and neoaee. late in being known to tbo Co Had a wire been lb temporarily l tM from tanchory to Balmoral, a distance of 30 miles, the eoet ot ,which would have been trifling, this delay would have been prevented The Barl of Clarendon received the depatch at Haddo-house, where he was the guest of the Erl oC Aberdeen.
THE WRECK OF THE TRASX1T. The following extracts from a letter of one of the officers of the Transii have been sent to us:- " Transit Camp, Cape Oslar, Banca, Friday, July 17. .. . . . . Wo got through the Straits of Sunda all right, without stopping, on the uight of the 7th, and steamed all day aloug the shoal water to the eastward of SUmatra, anchorinig for the night off the island of Lucipara, at the entrance of the passage of the same name, which is narrow, shoal, and but very idifferently bnoyed or marked. However, weighing at daylieht, we had succeeded by noon in gettinig through the most difficult part, and steaming on faster anchored for the night on the Sumatra shore near Cape Verde, from which place we started at half-past 6the following morning (10th). We were keeping well over on this shore to avoid the Hendrick reefs, thinking it unlikely that we should find the buoy on them, which should be there accordiog to the chart, as in the Luciparapassagewe had not found anyof the marks existing. Byour cross-bearings we were passing well clear of the shoal, which extends to a distance of from three miles and a-half to four miles off this point, going at a speed of between eight and nine knots, when, at about 20 minutes past 9, the ship 3track so heavily as to make all the masts shake again, and oblige people to steady themselves by hand to prevent falling. Taking a bound as it were, she struck again and again, quivering at each bump, and then remained motionless with her bows several feet out of water. As she began to settle fast by the sterm, and the fires of course had soon been extinguished by the rising water, the common pumps being useless to keepunder such an enormous 'low, .... the colonel and master were called into consultation, and an immediate landing of aU but a few of the troops decided on. Meantime we had not been idle. Provisions had been got up, particularly from the afterpart, and put our, of reach of the fast-rising water. All the boats had been got out and down. Downes, the Second-Lieutenant, had gone away in one to iSnto, a town distant by sea some 14 or 15 miles, off which we had seen a Dutch man-of-war steamer at anchor when passing in the morning. He was to bring her to ourassistance. Between us and the beach of the island of Banca there was a reef appearing above water, the centre of which rose to a height that would evidently leave It uncovered at the highest tide. On this the soldiers were landed, with nothing but their dinners and some fresh water. By the time the bulk of the troops had been disembarked it became apparent that even those told off a3 -working parties, to remain and look after the baggage, &c., could not be kept without considerable risk. The water pouring in in volumes was quietly but steadily finding its way aft, and the ship was In the same manner sinking by the stern. The cracking of plates of iron, snapping of beams, and tearing of docks led us to suppose that if she did not faU off the rocks on which she was banging, and fall into the deep water astern of her she would probably break in two pieces, the stern falling into the deep water, and the fore part falling over on its side on the rocks. By noon only a few soldiers, officers, servants, and such like remained to be landed. We gave our men 10 minutes to eat their dinoer, and then landed on this beach, afterwards using aU boats to bring the soldiers off the reef, where many were afraid of being drowned by the rising tide. All were landed and under canvas by dark. I was the first to land here, having oome on ahead to look for a good spot for our encampment, and luckily hit upon an excellent stream of fresh water, rather a rarity in these part. It was late the next day before we got any provisions from the wreck. At the time we left her (shortly before 1 o'clock) the stern v as completely under water, leaving only a small portion of the fore part of the poop above water, which may give you some idea of the height to which her bows are cocked oRt of the water. As I said before, by our chart, we ought to be more than a mile clear of the reef, in about 26 fathoms; but by the charts which we have since obtained from the Dutch gunboats we have picked up exactly the outside rock of the whole reef, which is, to. gether with the coast, channels, and dangers in this part, Incorrect to a considerable degree. Had we weighed half an hour earlier, or an hour later, had we been a hundred yard, to the right or left, we should no doubt have cleared it. - . . . . Downes brought the steamer to us early next morning, but she proved too small to take any of our troops, so we sent Downes on in her to Singapore with despatches. "July 18. One of our gunboats, the Dove, arrived during the night. Two ships are coming to us from Singapore."
UNIVERSITy INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD, SEPT. 19. By the demise of Dr. Foulkes the following livings become vacant, viz. : The rectory of Yelford, near Witney, Oxon, held since 181n f alue I O8. Population, 17; patron, Mr. W. J. The rect-ory of Besseiseigb, near Abingdon; value, 2801; population, 93; patron, Mr. J. W. LenthalL. The sinecure rectory of Llandyssil, near Lampoter, Car diganshine; value, 4001.; patrons, Jesus College, Oxford. fleld since 1817. The remains of Dr. Foulkes wifl we understand, be consigne-d to the grave in the churchy'ard of Besseileigh, Berks, oni Wednesdy next.
THB QUEEN'S COLLEGE, BIMIfNGHAM. The Examiners for honous in the respective departments of this College have declared, after mature deliberation, tho following awards:- The Degree of Bachelor of Civil Engineering (B.C.E.), which the Council under Royal Charter is empowered to conifer-Turford, Boston. The Warneford Theological Soholstrships, four in number, 101., each to be conferred upon students " who have resided in College not less than three terms, and who shall, in the judgment of the Council, be most deserving"-Robinsox, Coseon, and iill. The Warneford Medical Scholarships, " 101. eaeb, to be held for two years, to be conferred upon students who have resided in the College at least 12 months, who have been distinguished for their diligence and good conduct, and rho have been regular in their attendance on Divine service in the College Chapel"-Harris, Reading, Berks, and Abbey, WellDin orough. The \arneford Gold Medal, value 201., for an essay on an Anatomical, Physiological, or Pathological subject, to be handled in a practical or professional manner, and according to those evidences of facts and phenomena which anatomy, physiology, and pathology so abundantly supply, but always and especially wzith a view to excemplify or set forth by instance or example " The wisdom, power, and goodness of God" as revealed and declared in Hfoly Writ * subject, "The Anatomy and Physiology of the Eidney"-htould, The Plincipal Booth's Prize, 10 guineas annualy (books), to be adjudged to the best Clinical, Medical, and Surgical student, alternately in the College, by the majority of the hlopital physicians and surgeons, aequales-Mould, Tutbury, ad Vil ers, Birmingham. The Baron Webster, Esq.'s, Prize, five guineas annually (books), for pro6aciency in the French language-Holand. The Clay Prize, five guineas annually (books), for Prize E_say; subject, "'The Anatomy, Physiology, and Pathology of the Placenta"-Lloyd, Birmingbam. Bracey ... First Medallist ... Anatomy Dunn ... lion. Certificate... Ditto 3Iould ... First Medallist ... Physiology (Senior Class) Pracey ... Hon. Certificate... Ditto Lloyd ... First Medalist ... Ditto (Junior Clas6) Perbert ... Ron. Certifioate... Ditto Dunn ... Books ... ... Practical AnatoAy Brarey ... Certificate... ... Ditto Mould ... First Medallist ... Chymistry Bracey ... Certificate... ... Ditto EBerbert ... First Medalist ... Materia Medica Lloyd ... Cerrificate ... ... Ditto Wilders ... First Medallist ... Medicine Mould ,.. Certificate... ... Ditto Mould ... First Medallist Surgery fordan ,., Certificate... Ditto WVilders ... First MedalUist Forensic Medicine Mould ... Certificate ... Di... Mtto Mould ... First Medalist Midwifery tloyd ... Certificate... Ditto ornbill ... First Medallist Botany White ... Certificate... Ditto Wilders ... Books .HeslopStethoscopio PA2 Ild .. Medalist . Clinial Prize Wlers ... Certiloiate The publI distribution will take place in the College lheatre, by the Principal, Dr. Booth, on the 2d of October text, when an address oni the engrossing topic of the day, 'Middle Cla.s Education," wil be delivered bythat accom. 'lished Physician on the occasion.
THE INDIAN MUTINIES.-BEL;EB FUND. EXETRR A publio meeting of the citizens of Exeter, convened by the Mayor (Mr. W. Buckiugham), was held in the Guildhall on Friday afternoon for the purpose of raising a fund for the relief of the sufferers by the mutinies in India, and IIto join in the public expression of indignation at thecoldblooded and inhuman cruelties inflicted on their fellowcountrymen and their wives and families in India." Tbe Mayor presided, and Among those present were Mr. IL S. Gard, M. P. for the city; the Ven. Arcbdeacon Bartholomew, the Rev. Prebendary BroWD, Colonel Honeywood, Colonel Senry Goodwyn (Bengal Engineers), Major Pigott, the High Sheriff of Bxeter (&ir. C. Arden), Messrs. T. Latimer, H. Hooper, and P. MiiUer, magistrates of the city. The CHAIRM5AN announced that he had received 501. from Sir J. Kennaway, 501. from another hon. baronet, whose name he was not at liberty to mention; 431. lOs. 4d. collected at St. Sidwell'a Church, 201. from the Bishop of Exeter, besides numerous other smaller contributions. Mr. GARD, ML.P., moved the first resolution- " That this meeting deeply syrnpathibzs with the many sufferers b the mutinies in India. and desires to expres In the Etrongest terms it' extreme sorrow and tudignation at the barbarous cruelties to which they h%ve been exposed. and the state of utter destitution to which so many cf them am reduced." He was unable to express in language sufficiently strong his feelngs atthe barbarous atrocities which had been committed upon our fellow-subjects in India, the perpetrators of which were not men, but fiends in human shape. (HElar, hear. ) The Ven. Archdeacon BARsTHrOLOMsEw seconded the reaolution. He said he appeared at that meeting as the representative of the Dean and Chapter of the Exeter Cathedral, who deeply sympathized with the sufferers in India. While he hoped to see order restored in India and the mutineers punished, he trusted that where the sword should go the cross might follow in its wake. (Cheers.) Colonel HIONEYWOOD supported the resolution. The motion was unanimously carried. Mr. Joisi DAAW moved the next resolution " That this meeting desires to urge on the Brisish Goverament and the East India Oompany the great importance of the moat energetic efforts being continued for the entire repression of the mutinies, and for the decided ond effectual punishment of the treacherous barbarians whose guity hands oould neither regard the prayers of women nor the cries of infante." Mr. C. ARDEN (EHigh-Sheriff of Exeter) seconded the resolution. Colonel GOODWYN, in supporting it, stated that he had come from India within the last month or two, and from that part of India where the rebellion existed. He had been 32 years in India, and could therefore speak with confidence UpOn someof the causes to which the outbreak had been attrihuted. To say that ithad been in any wayconnected with the administration of the Government was he thought wrong (hear, hear), and in confirmation of this opinion he mentioned the fact that the petty rajabs and princes who had not joined in the conspiracy had shown that they preferred living under British rule. He had 'been a geat deal among the missionaries and people, and he could declare that the missionary in India had never been illtreated. (Hear.) InCalctta there was a noble institution in which 2,000 Hindoos were taught the Christian religion, and from which bad gone forth missionaries who were now preaching the Gospel in the neighbourhood of Calcutta. The Biblo was not forced upon them, but they took an in. terest in it, and oame to the missionaries for explanations whenever they found any difficulties. The gallant Colonel then alluded to the destruction of the East India Company's property to show that they would be able to give no compensation; and, in conclusion, expressed a hope that substantial relief would be afforded to those unfortunate people who had been deprived of all they had, especially when we considered that Bengal alone contributed 200,000 rupees towards the Patriotic Fund in the last war, The resolution was carried unanimously. The Mayor was then appointed treasurer of the local fund, and a resolution was carried, asking the clergy and chief inhabitants of every parish in the city to make parochial collections. The subscription lizt was banded round, and the Mayor announced, amid loud cheers, that the amount already subscribed was 3851. WARhMINSTER. A numerously attended meeting was held at the Townhall on Saturday to consider what steps should be taken for the relief of the sufferers by the mutinies in India ; and, in the unavoidable absence of the Marquis of Bath, the chair was taken by Lord Henry Thynne. lr. J. L. PilPPs, county magistrate, moved the firstzesolution:- "That the sufferings of our fellow-countrymen and women in the East demand the eamr rt symnathy of teo nation at large." The resolution was seconded by the Rev. CRosBiZ MORGELL, rector of East Knoyle, and unanimously agreed to. Mr. H. D. SEYsIouit, M.P., proposed the second resolution:- " That this meeting desires to express deep grief and Indignation at the disatrous revolt of our native soldiery, and the unheard of treacbery and crue`q practised on our follow-ossntrywomev." Mr. Seymour said it was matter of deep regret to find that the native soldiery had turned round upon us after the many victories they had won for this country ; and the occasion was one which nmight justly call forth the sympathies of the British Public. The Rev. J. K?NIGIOT, of Heytesbury, seconded the resolution. The third resolution was moved by Mr. N. BARTON, one of the magistrates of the counby, and was as follows: " That the suddennem of the mutiny and the enormous destruction of DubUl and private property have left large numbers of widows aud cblldren destitute, and reduced to utter poverty many of the public servants, as woll as the general Earopean population of the revolted parta of India." The Rev. Prebeudary FA?fE, in seconding the resolution, said he believed if England was ever engaged in a righteous war it was the present: and, although he spoke as a minister of peace, yet he said that if ever there was a time when England's sword should be sharp, and England's rope should be strong, it was in showing what justice was to those devils (for they could not be men) who had been guilty of such atrocitime. He did not disapprove missionary enterprise, but he had thought proper to divide the collection ini his own church between that object and the one they were now assembled to Promote. Mr. STEPlEN MILLS moved, and the Rev. Mr. Gu,rN, a dissenting minister of Warminster, seconded the fourth resolution:- " That this meeting cals upon tho Inhabitants of thls distrlct to use everv effort to rnise a tund for the reUef of our suffering fellow-country- men, both maUitary and civil, and recommends parohbal eubecrlptlons 5Imilar to those made for the Patriotic Fund, such collectionx to be made from house to house." Other resolutions were passed, appointing a committee and secretary to carry the objects of the meeting into effect. At the conclusion of the proceedings subscriptions were entered into in the room amounting to 2401. MAIDSTONE. The Mayor of this town (Mr. Whichoord) has convened a public meeting, to be held at the Town-hall on Thursday next, to concert and adopt measures in aid of the national fund for the relief of the sufferers by the mutiny and atrocities in India.
THE HIMArLAYA AND IRON TRANSPOBTS. TO TIIE EDITOB OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-The accompanying extract from a letter this morn. ing received from Captain Inglis, master of the iron ship Gauntlet, may be interesting as furntshing another notab?e instance of an iron steamship laying for some time ashore and coming off without damage. The immense weight of so large a ship as the Himalava 3,500 tons register, with her stores, water, and troouso44 board, and thegreatspeed at which showas steaming (14%knots or about 16 mues an hour), must have produced a concussion that would have shaken to pieces many a good wooden sbip,, and may, I conceive, be fairly taken as another striking instance favourable to the tenarity of well-constructed iron ships. There are, no doubt, good and bad ships of both materils, but sufficient evidence has, I think, now been adduced (I allude particularly to Captain Mangles's letter) to disabuse the public mind of an unfounded prejudice attempted to be fostered against iron, and in adding my testimony in favour of that material I bave desired carefully to abstain from drawing any comparisons as to the respective merits of either, my chief interests having been for years, and at the present time still being, connected with that material so long an Englishman's boast as composing the "w wooden" walls of his country. I am. Sir. vour me.t nlAnnt. aro.n -. fl.pr;ir 2 tivv>Tu-r 12, Old Broad-street, London, Sept.19. - (Extract.) "Ship Gauntlet, Hongkong, July 25. Dear Slrs,-I beg to Inform you of my arrival here on the 17th inst., after a fair passage of 93 days from the Start Point, including two days during which I was detained by the Himalaya, assisting her off the strand. She passed me in the Straits of Banca, China Sea, at 3.30 p.m., on the 6th of July, and at 5 p.m. she went on shore, going 14 knota. They sent a boat to me requesting my assistance. I went and remained by her until she was got off, and I bwve written the particulars to Mr. Smith, jun., Liverpool, &o. "I am, yours obedientlv. "WILLIAM INGLIS. "Messrs. George and A. Herring and Co."
VISIT oF LORD JOHN RUSSELL TO SHEFFIEID.- Lord John Russell has consented to preside at the annual meeting of the ragged school, to be held in the musichall on Friday next. At a special meeting of the town. council, to be held on Friday next, it is intended to consider the propriety of presenting an address to his Lordship on the occasion of this his first visit to Sheffield. We under. stand that Lord John Russell will be the guest of Alderman H. B. Hoole during his stay in Sheffield.-Shefldd Times. Fns}s.-On Saturday morning a fire happened in the extensive range of premises belonging to Messrs. Yeats and Co., mustard manufacturers, at No. 60, Bury-street, Great Sutton-street, Clerkenw elL It was several hours befoleit could be subdued, and not until property valued by Mr. Connorton, the superintendent of the West of England office, at 5,0001. had been consumed. Mr. Braidwood in his official report describes the daruage done as follows:- The premisea of Messrs. Yeats and Co., mustard miUs proprietors, situate at No. 60, Bury-street, Sutton-street, St. James's, Clerkenwell, have the mustard mihs and contents burnt out, the steamengpe and machinery destroyed, the diffirent warehouses nd stables considerably damaged by fire and the contents by water. Insured in the Emperor Fire-office. Mr. ConDorton, the foreman of the West of England, estimates the damage done at 5,0001. No. 4, in Little Sutton-street, Clerkenwell, let out to poor- inmates is likewise considerably damnaged by fire and the furniture by hasty removal, andt nione of the occupants were insured. Nos. 13 and 14 in Slade's-place are likewise seriously damaged, and the tenants were not insured." The police and the Royal Society's fir,escape conductors were soon on the spot, and they all rendered great assistance to the fihemen"'y
HER MAJESTYS THEATRE. The scene that occured on Friday night, when the Opera. house was opened for a September performance of Don Givawnni, was repeated on Saturday in a form rather heightened than otherwIse. Of course the cubic contents of the edifice cannot vary, and therefore, since both on Friday and Saturday the same amount of space was exactly filled, the numbher of peoplo who witnessed loon Giovnni must have been about the same as that of the happy spec. tators of La Travia". On the second extra night, however, the refusals at the door, occasioned by want of room, were said to be far more numerous than on the first, and the disputes between invading enthusiasts and the guardians of the gates to have been far more animated. people certainly like a night or two of opera out of aseon; just as some epicures prefer green peas at Christmas. The reduced prices, too, and the relaxation of those laws for the regulation of costume that are such a fertile subject of debate in May and June, give a new aspect to a September audience. Draconic ediots against bonnets being for a whle suspended, and a frock coat being no longer considered the mark of a Pariah, there is altogetber a visible sense of ease and independence among the public that looks most remarkable within the old aristocratic walls. But, though prices have been reduced, and check trousera have been tolerated in the pit, there has been no corresponding reduction in the quality of the entertainments given on the stage, but the mixed masses of September see just the Eame operatio performance as the select throngs of May. Mademoiselle Piccolominl never evinced more genuine feeling, never threw herself more completely into the spirit of hor part, never took more pains than on Saturday. Mistress of her position, she still did her best to maintain it amid enthusiastic plaudits, and her admirers kept up the traditionary custom of smothering her with bouquets after the fal of the curtain. Signor Giuglini was never in better voice, and never turned it to better account. He also came in for the honour of an independent call, when Mademoiselle Piccolomini had retired after the due collection of her showered nosegays. So eminently successful have the two extra nights proved that on Saturday next (26th) there in to be a thirdperformance on similar principles-the interval being filled un by another provincial tour. The departure for the continent will not take place for some time yet, but the announcement of a long list of towns within the limits of Her Majesty's dominions shows the career of victory on British soil contemplated by M ademofselle Piccolomini and Signor Giuglini in the course of the nextweek or two.
CRYSTAL PALACE. The excitement that prevailed in the Sydenham Palaoe on Saturday afternoon goes far to prove that the engagement of first-class musicians for the amusement of shilling audiences is likely to prove a highly profitable speculation. Mr. Distin, famed throughout the country for his proficency on the Sax horn, of which instrument he and his sons almost enjoy a monopoly, took a farewell benefit on the oceasion, having engaged Madame Clara Novello and several other vocalists of distinction as potent attractions In addition to his own performances, and the event shows that he aoted most judiciously in selecting a " Shiling Saturday" as the day for the musical treat. The opportunity of hearIng an artist like Madame Clara Novello sing three song of the most varied kind at the small charge of a single shillag, vvhich likewise commanded the permanent enjoyments of the Palace, was not to be lost, and, accordingly, at an early hour all the seats arranged for concert purposes were deusely thronged, presenting an aggregate of humanit;r that could not easily be found on any other spot. NOr did this seated mass nearly represent the wvhole attraetiee force of the concert, for during the entire afternoon trains were constantly arriving wvith newv freights of visitors. The applause bestow ed w-as frequent hut diseriminating, and, altogether, nothing could have gone off more pleasantly than this " monster concert."
TO THB BDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-May I request of you the favour to insert in the next impression of The Times a fact connected with the 11 men, survivors from the wreck of the Sophia steamer, of Rotterdam, and which fact was not noticed in your report at the time ? In a very destitute and exhausted condition these men were landed at Dover, and immediately received at the Sailors' Home, where all their wants were supplied. They were well fed, and each man clothed from head to foot the Shipwrecked Mariners' Sooiety bearing the expense of their food. My absence from Dover prevented me making this communication to you at an earIier period. The crews of 47 wrecked veesels have found a refuge in the Dover Homne, and it is only necessary for the public to be made acquainted with such a fact to cause them to give their warm support to an institution such as this, situated as it is in a locality where so many wrecked crews of all nations are landed. Yourn verv a -q+.arrn WILLIAM YATE, miniAter of St. Jo&n's, Hon. Sec .uover, zept. ±U.
THE MAns, &c.-SOuTHAmPToN, Saturday, Sept. 19.-The Royal Mail Company's steamship Prince, Captain John Hammaok, which has been employed in running between Buenos Ayres and Rio de Janeiro with the mails, arrived here to-day, having come home to be repaired. Sbe brings seven passengers and a smaU mail, but no cargo. Her sailing dates were:-Buenos Ayres, Aug. 2; Monte. video, 5; Kio de Janeiro, 13; Bahia, 18; Pernambuco, 23; St. Vincent (Cape Verdes), Sept. 5; and Madeira, 12. The Prince brings no political or commercial advices from the Brazils, having left Pernamnibuco only two or three days after the Tamar. On the 4th of August the BrazU mail steamer Guanabara was lost on the rocks at Maldonado, near Montevideo-all saved. Her Majesty's troopship Industry arrived at St. Vincent on the 5th of September, at noon. The Prince passed the British ship Genghis Khan at noon onthe 30th of August, in lat l2.24 N., long. 26.11W., standing tothesouthwardand westward * andon the 18thinst., at 5 p.m., she passed the Hamburg shipJuplter. Therestora. tion of the Royal Mfail Company's steamship Tyne, which was stranded off St. Alban's Read last winter and ultimately recovered, is now nearly complete, and she is appointed to resume her place on the Brazils station on the 9th proximo, leaving this port with the malls of that date. The next rnails from the Brazils and River Plate wvil be brought by the Medway, Captain Sawyer, due on the 14th; and from the West Indies by the Parana, Captain Bevis, on the 2nd proximo. The steamship Vanderbilt, Captain E. Higgins, is expected from New York on Tuesday next; and the Pen. irsular and Oriental Company's steamer Euxine, Captain J. Weeks, with the Peninsular mails, is due on Thursday. The Fulton, Captain Wotton, with the United States? mails, sails hence on Wednesday. The new screw steamer Aus. tralasian, built for the Anstralian Royal Mail Company, goes out on a trial trip on Monday next. Sunday.-The Union Screw Company's steamship Norman, Captain Val. lint, arrived from Cardiff this morning, with a cargo of coals for the company's ships. THE LATE MUEDEB iw LEIGH WOODS, xFAB. BRISTOL.-Tho adjourned inquest on the body of the woman found murdered in Leigh Woods on Friday week was re. sumed on Saturday afternoon before Mr. Bruges Fry, coroner of North Somerset. The father of a girl named Charlotte Pring, the initials of whose name correspond with those found on the handkerchief and linen of the deecased, was in attendance, and stated to the police that the description of the deceased corresponded exactly with that of his daughter, who had been missing some little time, with the single exception of her height. It turned out, however, in the course of the investigation, that Charlotte Pring was alive and well, and was in a situation at Clifton Vale. An old man named Power had also come up from the neighbourhood of Chepstow to view the body, under the impressioa that it would turn out to be that of his daughter Caroline, who left home about six weeks since in company with a young man of rather loose character. An inspection of the remains, however,convinced the oldman thatthedoceased was not his missing daughter. The only witness examined at the inquest was Mr. Rudd Lucas, surgeon, who deposed as follows :-" On Monday last I made a post mortem examination of the body of the deceased, assisted by Mr. Godfrey, surgeon to the Bristol General Hospital, and Mr. Kilson, or Park-row, Bristol. On taking off the hair preparatory to opening the brain I found a scar on the upper part of the right side of the head, which had recently healed, of a wound about 2Jin. in length. On taking offthe scalp I discovered a wound in the bone of the head corresponding to the bulet wound described on the last occasion. I afterwards discovered a bullet in the left orbit, which I produce. It weighs 381 grains and is of a small gize, The cuts on the bulfet have been produced by coming iu contact with the bones of the head. There was a wound in the membranes of the brain from which a quantity of blood had been effused over a considerable portion of the outer surface of the right hemisphere of the brain, The bullet had then passed into a small portion of the base of the brain, and, after traversing through that portion of the brain, it passed out of the skull under the back of the right orbit, through the deep bones of the face and nose, into the left orbit, and then lodged at the outer angle of the left orbit, immediately under the skin of the upper eyelid, where there was a small bruise. I cannot say positively whether the deceased was married or single. From the appearances generally I have no doubt that death was caused by the wounds in the throat; the pistol bullet alone would not necessarily have proved fataL" After some discussion the jury agreed to a verdict to the effect that some person or persons unknown, late of the parish of Long ashton, did feloniously kill and slay the deceased. CATTLEr, FROM THE NORTH OF EUROPE.-The gross importations of cattle Into Lowestoft from the north of Europe amounted in the week ending the 20th inst. to 945 oxen and rather more than 1,000 sheep and lambs. The stock was received from the usual ports, Tonning, Husm, and Frederickstadt. On Friday the North of Europe Steam Navigation Company's steamer City of Norwich, Captain Oliver, arrived with 171 beasts and 100 sheep, and the Tonning, Captain Russell, with 263 beasts and 531 sheep. A telegraphio despatch received from Lowestoft on Saturday also arnounces the arrival of the Cumberland with 129 beasts and 33 sheep. This gives a total for the present week of 563 beasts and 664 sheep, and a foarth steamer will probably bring a further consignment. The stock has been forwarded, as usual, to the metropolls RoYAL Fstm HOSPITAL,, GRAY'S mx-BOAD.-rTho number of patients relie7ed at this hospital during the week ending Sept. 19 is 2,416, of which 783 were new cases. [Advertisement.]-An Atlasgratiswith the "Dispateh."..- On and after Snday. Otober 4 1857, each copyof the "Disptch"will beacompanled with a coloured map. a clart, or the plan of a p^ncipal town. sDas to ruish to each subscriber, gratis tost oompnes benrive, complete, and useful Alse. The sie otf the engraving, wil be thbt of one page of the Dewspaper. 8$x naps and two plauF,in each yesr, wil be of double the size. It Is hoped, In the course of a abort timne, that the " Dispatch Mtisa" will contain smore names and poettionesf platn than any otber Englisb publication of the kind. The countSes will be givon separately, and, where Large. divided. Within the Drst four monttb, Inuia will be more accurately and completely delineated, In a series of nsine maps, than iu any British Atlas. The names of the artists will be the best guarantee for perfect accuracy. The engravlngscis be in tbe h atat lstale ot art insolvina, A O many thousands or poAunds. MxechaDiCb' testInUtt educstonal establlsbuier.cs. hote!ls, rcadiunprooms, and ccfeeouffDo sh s5esslnA the *Dis nateb Atlas" be supplied with a~~~ d,l wt -DIspatch Astlas" wiDl be forwvarded Rratib with te paper at theea nrHoe-M. Per copy, or Sn. etemped, The Fwriday ev.ening edition mahe zectelo:ved 5fin te mos^>t disetan pasets°of the tingdom en Satady mczning.-Ornce, l~~9, JIset-strest, Londen,~
STATE OP TRADE. MANCHESTER, SEPT. 19. The market Is strong as regards prices, but there i less business doing. The constant effors of manufacturers to obtain better prices for loth, to cover the increased cost of yarn and cotton, naturally check business, but holders of goods are in eome cases disposed to withdraw them from the market rather than make the sightest conceesion in price Discouraging as the ast advices by way of Calcutta from India were, there have been some few operations In both cloth and yarn. Some moderately large sales of 40-inch shirtings have been made for Calcutta, the buyers being able to secure the goods at comparatively low terms by offering cash. For Bomby some sales have beea effected in both mule and water twist. There is still a steady demand for yarns for the continent at very full rates. Domestics are in rather less demand than of late, but makers are weU under order, and prices are hrn Rather more business is reported during the week in 36-inch ahirtings. BIRBINGHAM, Srg. 19. The iron trade oonlinues firm, and prospects are represented to be encouraging. As the preliminary meeting, at which the prioes of the ensuing quarter are usually settled, wll be held in the course of a few days, the orders given out during the week have not been extensive; but there does not appear to be the slightestindication of any fall in quota. tions6 The leading members of the trade who attended the Birmingham market on Thursday stated that the demand for manufactured iron at home is on the increase, and that American houses who are in the market are unable to ob. tain supplies under July prices. There is no abatement in the activity of copper and brass manufactures. Every branch is weeU employed, and some more than ordinarily busy. The same may be said with regard to the manufacture of tin ware, The late advanoes in the price of tin and tinpl.ates does not appear to reduce Work, although they have materially affected masters' pro. fits. The wrought Iron-tinned hollow ware is particularly brisk. The demand at the present time is so great that one of the first firms keeps on sets of men night and day, and is unable to keep pace with the number of orders reoeived. Foreign orders are particularly heavy, and from appearances Belgian competition isnot so seriously injurious to the Birmingham tin manufacturers as was a short time ago antidpated The factors of the town generally report favourably of the country trade, and, as a matter of course, there is corresponding activity in the chief manufacturing establishments of the neighbourhood. The sheets sent home by commercial men co5aln larger orders than for some months past, and afford satisfactory evidence that, more particularly in the agricultural districts, the hardware and ironmongery trades are reviving, The chief exceptions to the general actiity observable among the Birmingham manufacturers are the jewelers and some other branobes of fancy trade, which depend greatly upon seasons of the year when articles of. their make are most in request. The accounts from the manufacturing districts around Birmingham differ little from those of last week, The large establishments are fairly employed, and for ships' cables and chains the demand continues to be very active. The glass trade at Dudley is, however, dull, and at Stourbrdge there is comparatively little doing in that branch of local manufacture. Some good orders have been out during the week among the manufacturers and saddlers' ironmongers for the Brazirs and other parts of South America, and the last accounts received by our American merchants speak most favourably of the demand for Birmingham hardware and British iron In the United States. Three public companies of local importance have held their customary periodical meetings during the week, The directors of the Birmingham Old Gas Company reported that its progress was sound and steady, and declared the usual dividend. The meetingtwas afterwards made special for the purpose of creating 1,200 new 401. ordinary shares, which are to be assigned pro rata to the existing shareholders. A call of 104 per shale was made payable by Cbristmas next. At the half-yearly meeting of the Dadley G,s Company a most satisfactory Ireport was presented, and it was resolved to extend the works of Netherton. The report of the Birmngham Waterworks shows a considerable merease over last year's receipts, and the great extension of mains throughout the district. A circular has been issued by the Great Western Railway Company announcing that the futmue rates for aU " classed" goods between Birmingham and London is 20s. per ton. The London and North-Western will fall to the same scale. NOTTINGHAM, SEPT. 19. The lace trade for the most part continues flat. There are, horever, signs of improvement, and there is very little doubt that in a short time ther will be a demand for the home market. The season is not so early this year as usual, for which a namber of causes have been assigned. In the meantimebusiness is healthy andmanufacturerscontinue to act with caution in not producing an over stock of goods at the present price of materi4 both silk and cotton being still'sold at very high rates. The long-continued dulness in the hosiery trade still remains, added to which yarn has advanced in price. At 5utton-in-A8hfield and in other framework knitting districts in this counaty the hosiery trade is also dull. Hcsmiery silk very dear. LEICESTER, SEPT. 19. There is a fair amount of business doing in the hosiery trace, most branches of which arc now tolerably active, e market generally being in a healthy stat The glove trade, however, is dull. Wools are seUling at extremely hIdgh rates, in consequnene of which manufaceturers are wisely acting with caution in producing, and stocks are lIght on hantL Yarns are firm, at high prices. LEEDS, SE"i. 19. 'Upon the whole the woollen trade of this town and district, so far as the purchase of goods has been concerned, has been less animated than for the past few weeks but the manufacturers are moderately busy, and stocks do not increase in any peroeptible degree. It is hardly necessary to say that the news from India has not tended to improve business ; but, darkly checkered as that news is, a general feeling prevallas that British valour will put down the Sepoy rebellon, and that our commercil intercourse with Bindostan will eventually be benefited by the present infamous proceedings of those who have long "eaten our salt," and who owe many of their comforts and privileges tothe milder government of England as compared with that of the Asiatics. A fair winter trade is confidently expected, the more so as not only the English but the American and continental harvests have been good, and will afford the bulk of the people enlarged means for the purchase of clothing. A brisk trade can scarcely be expected,but there is no reason at present to anticipate a bad one for the remainder of the year. The attendance of buyers In the cloth-halls to-day was not a full one, and purchases were confined chiefly to small parcels of general goods, or of beavers, pilots, and other heavy goods. Black unions of good quality are in some request. Prices continue firm, but both manufacturers and merchants say that they are unable to obtain any advance at present Still, wool has tan upward tendency, and, as is pointed out in a mercantile report in the Leeds lIntelligence,- to-day,- "There is a eeneral expectation In the wool trade that prio Wil again -rvance, though It may be only slghtly, as the amoaut of Australian wool forthcoming at the next maes ig extremely small. The purchases on the part of merocants baveynot fo ome months kept pce vith their aee, and their stocks are much rednoe,d There i5 no donbt that they will be run down still lower, but, as trade cannot stand sti, nerchant, wil have to come into the m rket as buyera on so much the r scale. Ontheotherhand, there i at trepentoagreat deal of sculation in wool, large stocks of which are held for an advannoand =ehave reason to doubt'whether a large proportion of therewent es tor the continent, wbich have been oon0idered bona fide, and or nmemlte Consumption, are not speculative also.' The same journal from which this quotation is made thus reports a rather extensive local failure- "We regret to notea stoppage In Led, that of Mr. Lynd, dryater _ad oil merchant, ot Sinegate. The liabilities are ateo at £30,000 about halt ot w^hich fallsl on eds, tbe remainder on Hull, Liverpool, m&s ath ameeJtinaeofthe crmeddItotrs c Friday. to wind up the estate umder trustas,a and :r an Imm ediate diyidend of ,^a in the pound from the uvoceeds of sales. The trading appears to have been most oorret.nc the credltors granted eo hfr. Lrnd his household furniturbe. Mr. Lynd,who has been in business only about four years, has done an extensive trade, and his failure is in part attributable to his having built extensive premises, and having altogether too small a capital. It is said, also,that if there had not been a scarcity of oU of some particular sort, 1r. Lynd might have gone on for some time and recovered himself;and a strong sympathy wvas shown by the creditorsonfinding thathe stopped payment the moment he foundthathe could not be certain of paying 20s, in the pound. As far as is known, the creditors, though some are larrge in amount, ame all well able to bear the lOSs. BRADFORD, Si>rT. 19. There has appeared throughout the week a slight subsidence of the activity which has for some time prevailed, partly owing to the continued high prices which stil rule, to the fact that many spinners had stocks on hand which they are workingup, and their disinolination to purchase beyond the limits of their orders. Prices, however, still remain exceedingly firm, and it is more than probable that no decline wIl take place during the season. Bright-haired lustre wools are mostly in demand, while but little of the fin e soft wools for goods wholly worsted is inquired after, and alpacw appear to beo confined to, and wrought up by, comparatively few firms. The business done in tops has been only limited, while in noils and shorts the demand has outstripped the supply. In the yarn department considerable activity is still evinced, much of it in houses in the exprort trade, which may, indeed, continue_for some timAe, at least until the approach or winter. We cannot, however, ex,pect much ad ition so long as Leipsic fair is on, as many m the German trade are holding back until the result of the transactions there is known. Somafew firms in the Russian trade are doing an average business in hard twist-singed yarns for a peculiar kind of waistcoatings in that country. Home houses, also, continue middling active, but alU I-eep up a hard check against any further advance, as anxiously sought by complaining spinners, and thus a system of check and countercheck prevails in all departments In cotton warps nd yarns the demand is on an average, and prices evince nfo decline, while the few spinner3ain the district remain full In worsted goods most of the manufacturers state that less has been doing than for some weeks past, and henee indulge in dark prophecies reapecting the winter trade. Nevertheless, a fair business has been done, and as much pressing as usual has been madefor advances in prioes, which, with few exceptions, have not been complied with. Makers continue to produce chiefly to order and exercise the utmost caution, Home merchants are doing a fair share of businessi but chiefly in heavy goods and dark brlghibaired fancies. The number of crossovers produced is compara. tively small, and confined to only a few firms. The pfnic in New York has had a ittle damping tendency on some of the American houses, but less than would have been the case had any of them been pushing a brisk business, which they have not been doinr during the season. The inquiry Into the causes why the fine worsted trade has declined in the district will not be carried out for weeks to come, many of thuse deeply interested In it not being able to attenX either to give necess*ry evidence or take part in any of the other proceedings. HALIFAX, SEPT, 19, The worsted trade has been rather better this week, and generally more business has been done in both piece goods and yarna. Tlhere has been a good inquiry for most Finds of piec3goods, and a large bulk of damk and Orleans mixtures have been sold. To-day's market has been well attended, and business to a good amount has been done. Prces have an upward tendency, even thoee of wool, which are considered very high, and which manufacturers are not giving for extensive lots. DUBLIN, SEPT. 19. Trade has been tolerably active this week, and business, which had suffered some check while the time and attention oftbe publio havebeen engrossed by the late gratifying meeting in ourcity of the British Association, has resumed its activity, which has been increamed by the brilliant weather that has prevailed throughout the week. GeneraDy speak. Ing, prioes of all articles of ordinary consumption were rather easer than last week. The I4dhin navy contrmct for the present year has been allotted to one of our Dublin vision merchants, Mr. Michael Smith, of Copper-alley. the Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday the 17th of September, inclusive, were 21,2824, against 15,6291. last week.
AGRICULTURAL PROSPBCTS. TTVmPvmr. - -n The trade to-day Is quit,k prics are barely spported for wheat, and the supply of Irish new is beynd what the current demand can absrb Indian~ corn alone commadsfull prioes. ~~~ ~NOTTIN~GHAM. SEpT. 19. ,,Xeetehas been fie this week, Turnips are lookng better ad masgold ls promises MOre favourablY. There are compalait; from most districts respecting the spread of the Potato disease. Pais. ture are looking exceedingly fres. The funeness of tbe weather will cause wh'eat to 'mProve In codition, althOugh UP to the present time the sucpplY Ot sound fine wheat at our market hus been litmited A good dl ofstained barley hu beeneffeedTe atl eade tleal active, and beast ar of good quality. At Nottingham, On Wednesday, there was a large impply of beasts, which made last week's rate., the pricet boeetrealizing8is. 3d. perastone. The show of sheep w#Agood. and the quaity excelent, Prime mutton sold atlast week's curren ties-namnely,83d. per lb. Thegsupply ofboth kinds beingTvery largea tlearanc was hardly effected. Prices -BeeZ i,7Od. to8is 3d. per stone; mutton 7jd. to gd, per lb. At this mmr-market, with a small suppl of fine sound wheat, and a fair attendance of farmers and factorz, prices wore the same as last week, fine white smpDles selling at rLe, and red at tie. per 36 stone. Inferior sorts unasleablo. Barley wasIn larg spply,much o it being stained. Fine samples Ifully as dear aslast week, mattingr selling at 50ts per imperia measeure, while grindingc of good Quality reached 389L pe 30 stone. In eats there was no change. Besus -were Is. dearer. Quotations :-White whbeat (old), e66. to 7ILs; new, 64g. to 7ot.: old ed, file. to 6its.; new red, fits, 1654, per 3tesone : barley for grinding (old). 32L to 3L; new ditto,32.to aogper 30 atone; oata 913. to 15SL Pen 24 stone; malting barley, 445. to fiS,L per impeia mcasure; old beans, 484. to 50gs, Per Ii stone ; superfine flour, 47s. to 53g.; fine dito. 43e.to 4te.Der I0tatone. LEICESTEJR, Sxrr. 19. The fine lweather thin week has enabled farmers to proceed with Outdoor operations, There in a good bite of graes in the pasfturesf. Mangold and awedes are looking tolerably well. The cattle trade in briskc. At Lelcester there was a short supply of beasts, the demand for which was good at last week'scurrencies, prime sot making 71d per lb. Sheep were scarce, and the rmutton tade active, the best qualities realizin 7d. per lb. Prices :-Beef, tid. to 7id.; -utton,61d. to lid. A'tbtis markert to-day there was a good supply of wheat, whicth sold at a decline of Is. on the prices of last WeekC, cuod While samples realiing 67g., and cod 64as, per quarter. Barley firm, at 2s. advance. Oats and beans were fully as dear as last weekz. Prizes :-Whlte wheat, Ste to 67s. ; red, fts.toS4s.; baLrley, Use,to 7e.; oetis, ts. to ts,C; beans, 4ie. to tic,. Per quarter. Flour (fine), its, sewnndg. idse ; third, 484, per 20 stone. LINCOL, fixyr, 19. The Weather ontinuaes dry. Grasg Is abundant. Complaints are Tery numerous as to the ravage of the potato diseaw. In the cattle trade there is a fair amount of activity. At Lincln. with a good supply ofbeasts, bef made is, fd. tots, prtone. Shee were scuarc, mutton selling at 7d. to 7ld. per lb. At Bloston. the supply of sheep was tolerably geed, late rates being fully maintained. At this oarn-market yesteray there was a libersi supply of w"het, agood deal of which was inx indifferenxt oonditlom Plrices were fully Is. to 3L lower than these of last week, fine whLite selling at 6ie , and red t3g.er Quarter. Highritoo'weresaklod for barley. Oats were as dear aslastweek. In beans there wasavery lttle alteration. QuotationsWhite wheat 6its, to 6ie.; red 59g. to tIe;- barley, 40., to Iii, per Quarter. A-t SleafOrd ther was a moderate suPPly of wheat, which cold at last week's rates, white samples making 63g., and red 6its, per quarter. Barley realized 3ts. to 4ig; oats, 10c. to 3s. ; beanst, 50g. tofite. At NewaLrk there was a good supply, and wheat made fully last week's prices fine white selling at file., and red at fito. No alteration in other kidnds of grain. New white wheat, 62se, to tie.; new red, tie. to 40..; Old white, fL4o to t8s,; old red, 60Le to Gin ; malting baLrley, 4is, to 10.,; grinding ditto, 384. to 4Oe. ; old oats, 3Lie to 38o. ; newr, 2Ls to Its.; oldhbeans,f52e.tbosW.;peag, tIe. toflto. ;mat, 73L. tO80s. Per qtuarter. At Market Ptamen wheat waa Is, dearer, fine white making S7s,,sndredfL3g;barley,4o.to47g.;oat5,2g. to27s. AtLynuwbeat was IL. to 2s. deare, the best rcms making Bus, In fiee barley there was an advance of IL.; Inferior reta the same as baat week. Oats, beans, and pealswere each ILa.bgher. Wheat, 525. to62e. ; barley, 40g. to flee. osat, 2t6. to 304.;. beo.ng, 484, to0ite. At Alford wheat sold at last week's prices, white realizing G%r, and red tO0. ; barley 40., to ir,; oats, 23g. to 29L ; peas, lOs. to 46c, At Louth wheatwa Is. to lse lower, fine white making fie. acnd red 5si. In othergri no change. White wheat, tie, to fi4s. ; red, &Ic, to tOe.; barley. 40.. to 45L ; oats, Wte to 2ie. : beans, 45Ls to tOe, At Uppingbamnwhite wheat made MO. and red 58ac,; barley,44gs.to 4ig.; oats, lie, to 3s.; beaus, Ifts to fis. At Oakham, with a, fair supply, white wheat realized tie, and 6ile, per quarter. Barley sold at tie, so 4ie. ; oats, S0e. to lie. : beam-, 463. to fit. At Galusborourh old wheat was la dearer; in new no change. DERBMY, S=P. 19. The weather this week has be,n gloriously fine. The harvest in the Peak is not let over, a good beeabdth of oate having yet to be Cleae Peas and Oats have also been led In other paris this week. The weather is favourable for farming wzzk, aLnd farmers are preparing fallowe for seed; sud should the preerut fiue weather continue Wheat-sewing will be genera in ten day or a fortnight. h!augold and swedea are look. ing exoeedingly well; white turnips indifferestt. There is a gool deal of disease among the potatoes, There has been a fair businom done In the cattle trade, without mnuch alteration in price. Here on Tuesday, there was a tolerable show of beasts, which realized good Prices being fully bat week's rates Prime Qualities of beef making id. per Tb. The show of sheep wa~ mnoderte, prime mutton selling at 7Md por Th. Prices --Beef, Sid. to id. : muttton, Id. to 7jd. ; laLmb, id. per lb. At Bakewell, thora was a small supply of beasts, mUch cowo selling at;£1Dto £1510ts,eac, and barenbeattefrom Lito £12. Beef made 7s. to 7s. 6d. per stone;, mutton, 7d. to 7id. per lb.; fat lamb, 7d. to 7ld. ; store lambs, 2ie. to Its. each. At thin market yesterday the show of wheat was tolerably good, and sold at a declin of Is. on the currenies of bat week, flue white maig70.. and red tIe, per quarter. Barley war fally as dearasls week, fine malng samples realizing 4ie Oats and beans were=vry little changed In value. Prince -Old white wheat, Wis to ifts. ;new ditto, 63g. to fits. ; old red, fitr, to 6tls. per 36 stone; tmelting barley, 42L to ls,; gunding ditto. 3G, to 40s,; new oatsa, 2Le to Nls. ; old beans, tie, to 5Ic,: now, 45i.-to 4ie, per quarte. DONCASTRE, SzrT. 19. There has been siplendid weather throughout the week. and harvest operatons are about oompletod, with the exception of the crepe in low level country, a great pact of which Is still flooded, and the only means of setting the oorn lasby shearlteg It close to the ears in boats, The trade In wheat has been of an irregular charactr this week, owing mAinly to the various quality of the grain brought to market;but the beat samaples of both old aLnd new wheat have commanaded the extreme ratea of bat week, and in some instancea IL. to 84. per quarter more mousy. At to-day's mnarket there was ouly a moderate show of wheat, in. cluding a sonsiderable portion of damp and inferior samples. Ther wam not a larg attendance of buyers and the trade was heavy throurt.. out. Only the driestparcels madelbatweek's rates, OtheDr srswere quite unsaleable, except at s,ome reduction. Not much barley on offer, hut more than snifficlent for the demand, and prices nominally the same as before. An argple show of oats end beang, but scarcely any. thing done in either kind. The followingae the current quotutloig:New wheat, its, to 31g. per load of three imperial bushbels; fine, MIe to 2ie. ;old wheat,2% to 25a, ; fine, 2e. to 27o. ;bleudoorn1is. to 10a.; rye lie, to 15g.; new beaus, 17s. to I%e.; old, lie. to Ste.; pemas, it,to 17g; new oats, Its,to 31s.per quarter: fine, 328,to 33g.; old oats, 28g. to Its.; fine, 29s, to 354.; grinding barley, 7Le to tOe.; matting bariey, 42g. to 4ts.; Aine, 4i, to 484. The cattle trade has been tolerably brisk during the week, and prices are very firm, but no hirber. Here to-day, the beasets shown were, of good Quality, and sold well at former rates. Sheep plentiful, but in mnodesatorequmi, Pigsdull,and rather lower. NORTEHAMPITON, filcT. 19. The weather continues baulifally fins, and outdoor work is pro. greldng statifactorily. At this day's corn-maLrket there wags,~ fair attenflanco of farmers and the sales that were effected in wheat war at a reduction of 2s, per quarter ont the prices of bast week, fine white realzig 58a.. aLnd red fit. Barley dear, flue samples being quot-ed at 48g1. In other grain TMa littie change. Prices :-Whlte wheat, is,L to tie.; red, fits to 5te. harley, 40s. to tie.; old oats, lie, to Ifle.;1 new ditto, i8s, to Iis,:beans, 4l's.tbotSOL This week there In vey little alteration in the price of fat stock. At Peterborough, with a large supply of beasts, prime beef made is, per stone. Sheep a fair supply, and In mutton a sliht reducrtIoa. Beef, s,6M to 84,perstcne ; mutton, Old. to 7d. perilb. PETERBOROUJGH, gm-Xi. 19. At this corn-market to.day there was a large attendance of faLrmers. and wheat sold at a re-duction Ot Is, per quar ter upon lad. week's rates, fine white making t3Ie, and red 5Os Barley of fine quality was quoted at tis. Notmuch change In other descriptions of grain. Prices:NWhte'wheat (new), l9e. to Ms: old white, Wltetot61s,; new red, S4x, to 59g. ;old red. 52s, to tOs. ;barley, 4e. totf&;unew osts, 2s. to 3D ; old oats, 34s, to Its.; old beaus, 48g. to f2Le; new, 42L, to4is. per quarter. STAMPORD, SEPTr. 19. The fine dry weather will have a benieficial ffect upon corn, and cause an improvement in its condition. At this ocro-ciarket, yesterday, with a good supply of wheat, fino white made tIn,, ard red tie. per quarter, being a reduction of IL per quarter. Barley vssy dear, good malting qualities being Quoted at fiS,L per quarter. Iu other gran net much alteratiou. Prices :-Whlte wheat, tIe. to file.; red, 58a. to Ntc.; barley, te 4so fto5. ; eats,30ts. to file, Per quarter. GRANTTHLb, SEPT. 39. Tire weather this week has been favourable for the tmurip crop, whicoh now promises to be a very fair yield. At this cor-market to-day the supply of wheat was liberal, and sold At a decline o0124. per quarter on the currncies of las, week,fine white 011nples realizingMa4., andred Is 0per qnuater. Malting basley was quite as dear as last week, good samples seUllnga st $, per imperial quarter. There was a fair Inquiry for grindin barley at late quotaticos. Oats and beans were just as dear as last week. P-rices --Old white wheat. 61le to fis-.; old red, fiLtsso 6tLs; new white, sic, to 62g.; new red, fits, to fiW per It stone:, malting barley, 4is. tot48. pr imperalquarter ; griding ditto, lie, to 40., per 30 stone: cats, old. 33e.toIGW,; new,.tie, to t-2.; bens I ifle to fis per - Si GLOCEETR 5uPr. 19. We ha" hasd A continuanco of fino weather snc our last reportweatber jes suitable to the ason. rhe wbole of the lato grain on tbe CotWold Ells is now got In, and generally in admirable oDtion the crops ratber exceeding An verage. The potato disee, bowevr s Y prevaents and worse than hs been notied sines its firs JDpearanoe. There Was a fair Amount of busin. doing In our market today, aod the reo-et adac wer fully supported for all dscrdptions of grin. The stock of grin in Gloctter hm been much Incroaed by reotnt Inpor4 but it Is still low. At the beginning of tbe month the Iport had amounted for the yearto 40,000 quarters of whet, against 7?,850 quatrs In the corresponding period of 18S8; ofbarley, 17,9 quarters against 13,18 tuuarer In 1856; and of oats, 4y,100 quxarts, against 47,290 quess, In isIS. At Cheltenbam 'market, on Tlmy1,t 1WjO wem tm su I per quazier more mnwey VWa obtained t-or wha than last week. At Tewkesbury thern wae a good rapy n Ol whis feched Ug. 21. to Ta. 86., and new 6g. ltd. to 7&. per bushel. WOEOIC3TER SEPT. 19. There was A, Iarg afttedaooc of farmers at owr market to-day, thIs being the annmal fair. Bolders of wheat continue tosk W Ye-es of last week, which were obtatned. English white wlwat, pm, ia to 78. 61. for new, and TL. &L1 to ks per bushel Ior old; new red, 7g. Id to 7s. 4d.; aud old, 7g.21. to 7. 6d. ; ms nbssley, SL.eL to 5m.St.. bad distMling ts,to 5s. d,; beanek. 6d. to Os. Da buss; OK 09a:s, 4g. to 4s. 6d., and new, 3s, 6d. to 3gL 94. per S9Ib. ; white peas, Is, 3d. to 5Go Gd., and gry, Ig.6d. to 6s. peg busheL Last Woe. ce"s averages fr-Wheat, £2 19k. Sd.; barley, XI; beasu, £2 9g.; Anid Peas, £2 6. 8d. per quarter. At Klddermlnater anarket, ont Thursday. the trade wee fria. with nO noticeabsle alteration in prices, At Bromnstrave English whest was worth 1s. per Quarter more mon ey; maIling barley realized 5g. 66. to SC. 96: vtckhe, Gs. to 6g. 8d.; and rye, is. to Se. 4d. per buaicel; old beans, 19.. to l0g., and new ITs. t 18g. per bag; Indtan Corn, 175. to 18g per te score; oats In demand, at 16g. to iSe. per eischt mcome At Eveiram0-market farmers stood oatt for an advance in price, and bus. usm WAS limited, NORWICH SxE'r. 19. Thoweatherhas bee beautliuli, fine during the weekr. and the raifal baa been nil. The thermometer baa ranzed between 51 and 13. Tke lOca markets bave exhibited no very great change mince the last Report. At Ipswich hlghe Pdoes were demauded for wheat, bat not readil realIJZed- At Bury St. Bdrsnud's the farmers would riot submit to anY reduction, and the business done win. principally in fine red samples. At Bungay the trade w.-u Inactive, the gupply being large. At Stownaket, bucinees was dull, at a slight decline In soecases ; an'd at Wooadbudge and KInged rynn the male was also glow. Here, to-day, the milie acted Cautiously, and the supply of wheat wee taken off at a reductien of Ig. to 2g. per Quarter. Barley maintained laterates. The beet white wheat made 62. to 05s. ; red ditto, 52g. to 5k ; and da`mp p"r0elr, 4SL60 to 1L PMr quarter. N.1iating barleywhioh Is noyw brought forward freely-realized 42,. to 46g. ; and distil Img ditto39. h,to 41.per quarter. Flour-mainaiedsabout late rates, 32.. to 40g per sack. The cattle-market toda exhibited a very large supply of store beasts of all breeds. There was not much varition from last week's ates, but the suPPly Proved In excess of the demand, and onl.- a par' lis sleaac had bee effected at the close of bsness-, the high Prices demande-d new for store beasta leaving, rather a scant,ym ad doubtful margIn for Pt-olt. The sheep pens were moderately filed. and a tolerable clearane was effected at about last week's prices Fat stock was readily taken off. OAMBRIDGE, Bzc'. 19. Thete Is A contInuance Of Amn weather, and for the maoet part our local oorn-markets have maintained last week's prices for whoeat Fat and store cattle are aetling, at l&as week's Prices. At Mly the supply of aheep was small, mnutton realizing from ig. Gd to 5le Per SIb. ; store aheep were in good demand. CODWS Of good qus.ity wore in reuest. At this corn-mkarke wheat Was In tolerable supply, fine whiite making 64g, and red 0gL Matting barley realized 46G. Not much change iu other grain. Pricer :-Whito wheat, 60g. to 64e; red, SIc. to 60L : barley, 37g. tO 46g.; beass, 401 to 42e..;peae,. 44g. to 4aLs cats,~ Ia. to 30g. per quarter. At St. Ire's wheat was In good demand, at last week's prices Very Ultl doing In Inerior barley; the finest Samples in tolerable request Oats beans. and pea were rather deare. At Royston wheat Was in good supply, but in dxul request akt last week's rates, the finest white making 39g. per load. Barley qulto s dewar last week ; other grain unaltered. Wheat, ISa, to 39s. per load; barley, 40g. to 48g.; oats, 20L to 23.. per quarter. At St. Neoc's wheat was rather cheaper than last week. fine white reAliZing 38g. per load. Barley made last weekssates In other grain no changs, Wheat, 33.. to 28g.per load; barley, 38. t3 16g. : Oats, 2Lie to 3da.; beans, 42g. tolsK. ; peas. tIs. to 47g. per quarter. At Ely there was a good supply of wheat, w,hic WAs In active demand at a declie of is, per Quarter. in other Dactg of grain there wee no aiteration. CHELMSFCD, Smr. 18. The advanes in the price of wheat which took place last week in all the markets of this district has not been sustained to-day, but, on the contrary, the quotations have gone back to those ot this day fortnight, There was an abundant supply, and purchases were declined. except at a reduction of 2s to 3gL Per quarter, which Wms at lengthL submitted to, andsafair busInesswasdoseat thislowered rats,. Barley waswithout alteration, and beaus and peas firm at former rates White wheat, ft Os,t64s; re 50sto 5s. ; malt, Tie. to 79e. At WltbaLm and Braintree butsiness was dull at Last week's rateg. At the former barley wee Ig. dearer. YOested?,, at Sudbury, the prices of wheat weze lower, the beet white being quoted At 61g., and red at 50g to 60s, At Stowmarket the trade in wheat was dull, at Ig. reduction Barley Was IL. dearer, as also at Woodbridge, where wheat nominally reltaied its valae, but little businews was done at these rates. Yesterday, at Bisops Sktortord, wheat waa 2s. lower than ladt week. This isa 8Large barley market, but the buisiness in that grain Is not yet Tery active. OXFORD, SEPT 19. At Our maket to-day a ver7 Large Quantity of wheat mwa offered, but, as dealers and millers were not eage to purchase, farmers were cempelle to submit to a reduction Of from i.. to Is. per quare Blare realized from 33g. to 45g., with a dull trade. it is generally thoughtherethat barley willxtillbelower in price. Oats,24s. to Ils, beans, 44s. to 524. ; hog peas, 45sL to 46g, per Quarter. In the latte articles but little doing. WInte. vetChee Wer worth from 5g. lid to 6g. Id. per bushel ; seconds flour, 43. per sack ; go>d bAy, Li1 per ton; bert bread, 66. ; good bread, Sid. the ( lb. loaf. BEADING, Szrx 19,' Fine auitumnal weather has preailed throurhout the week, and many farmers havre taLken advantage of it by employing their teams in ploughinLg adpreparingthe land forthesowing ofwhest. Ttkewarm days with which we have been favoured have much itoproveA the backward-sowntUrnips,and alsothe grars land, ma that now thereis a batter prospect Of a good sfupply of feed for &heep and cattle in the forthcOming Winteethan the dry aLnd hot weather rome weeks ago led farmer to expect. Very favourable reporis of the mangoidwurtzel Crop reah us from mnost part of the coutnty, and xweder are Likewise in abundance. The worst feara as to the potato crop), we deeply regret to sUtal ee mor than realied. It -ppears that it is the late-planted potatoe thaLt have MostlY suff ered, and the disease istraced to have st In imsmedistely atter the seere tempest whilch Occurred abaut a month or six weeks ago. The effiect of this InJury Is that the price has already advAnced several -hill'nge per mck, with the3 prospect of Its becoming stil higher as the winter aPProachEs and other vegetables are less plentiful than at. proent. DUrIng this week a great de%l of the newly-gathered wheat has undergone the proom of thrashinz by the new portable steam mIahines, aidlto-day ther Was quite as Large a supply in our exchange a. is Usually seen at a markert neat- Michaelmnas. Fine samples; were certainly a scanty show, and the rest wras either much discoloured from being exPosed to the rain while in the sheaves or of a rough and very Inferior quaidty. In coneequence of the lowerinag tendency of the London trade since Monday Our mealmen showed a readiness to buy at. lower terms, butfa3tore were disinlined to operte, and trade there upon became extremely dull. The mealmen,with a Prospect of continued liberal suppler and of the price of floturbeiag low.remained firm to their Offers, and sUellr ultimately yieded. Sales moved with apparent briskness at a, reduction of 2s. for the prime qualities, hut the intermediate and rough perces were as much as Ss. cheape. At the clms of the market very little was undisposed of, The prices realized were: -Old white wheat, beet qualities, &Or, to 63g. ; a few prime conditioned lots mold as high as 6ie. and 66g.; secondary descriptlons, 56g. t. Los, ; Inferior, SOs. to 86g The new white wheat differed but little in price from the Old, except for the inerior parel, and some of thes were as low as 46s, Red wheat, beet parcels, Sic, to tee. ; secondary, l2E, to 56a. ; and inferior, 45g to 52g. Time barley market presente an Improved appearance. There was a batter supply onx the whole than of late though the molting quaUltIe were rAther short in namber. For these theeo was a fair demand, but rates could snot he reported dearer. The Intermediate and roug h descriptions were Inquired after, but It wee only when holders submitted to a reduction Of Is, that business could bo done, Malting parcels were quoted at Its. to 4sTe.; distillng, I8Ls to 42g.; and grinding at 33g. to 36g. The stands were well filled, 'Pith oaLts, and old and fine parcels were inx good resneft at higher figures, but the indifferent loIs were taken off at a reduction of Is, Old Poland realized from 2Lie to 31g.; new, 26g. to 29s.; Old Tartary, 26g. to 28. ;new. 21g. to 24e. A steady trade was done in beans; old sold at 46g. to MOs. and 52g.; and new from 42s. to Ifs. New peas proved to be slow in Bals, and prices were quoted at 42g. to 45g The, trade In.- flour mainatans previous steadiness-jtouseehold sell at 46s. ; and secnds, 42a. per sack. EOCERSTER, SEPT. 19. Since the conclusion of harvest operations the weather has been very unstld,W and a great deal of rain has falen, which has preyented. out-door farming work. The past week has been very much finer, which hats greatly improved the atpperance of the face of the country, IFkom all the distrcts the most favourable acoounts arrive of the ex. cellent appearnce of the turripe and U,ber rootis, whirlh give no sign whatever of being affected by disease, There is no doubt that the blight is extensively spreading among the potatoes, blit on the wbole the crop Is very large Considerable progres has boon made with the hop-picking, whteh is now In active operation throughout the whole oDunty. At the conmeneutment of the pInking the heavy rains retarded operations, but the las few daLys of finedry westhe:phave very much improved the hops.. and given an impetus to picking. There is no longer any doubt that the crop will be onsiderablylaprgrthan was expected and theyield wfIl reach very near to an avera.ge. The hops, however, weigh light, from 80 to 100 bushels being requred to the cwt. The duty may probably rOea as high as £180,600, bat many large growers considtr that. hgure overset. The recent fine weather, coDuPled With the aLtered tone at N(arz-lane and the other large markets, has matertally influenced prices, AA this Corn Exchange the tstnds were well suPppled withL mkld and new samples, but the Quality aLnd condition being ver indif:erent, but littleO bu%sinesswas tanscted. Holders demanded anIncreaseon theterms, obtaned last week, but millers declined to concede the rIs onL high Prices asked, and the trade was in a, languid conditiotn, withl prices mnoney being taken. The demad for barleY wa languid. and no alteration In price. Oats were in good supply, and realzed about 6d. per qurter higher. Tho supply of bens rid pes as mallwithoutny material alteratlon, The following were the prioer at the close of the market:-White wheat, new, b6e. to 51.; line, 6Le. ; now red wbeat. 54 to ba.S; fdne, 60e. old white wheat, fig. old red, 6s. Barley (malUngl, ie, to 39L New oats, 25L to 28; old, Mes. Old beans, 420. to 44s. The principal local markets have been slightly advancing. At Maidstone on Thursday prios were frm at Is to 2s. advanc on former rates, white wheat being G0O, to 65a, and red 65s. to 60. On Wednesday at Cranbrook there was rather more andmation Is the trade, and rolers realied 3. per qusmter higher rates than at tboformer market barley was In demand at ful rates, At Tunbridgo on the 1Ith the market wa quiet, and prices did not undergo any alteration. At Sandwich, with a fair supply, the demand was steady, and prices roe 2s. to 3s, DUBIN. SErT. 1S. We had a dDumarket at ourCorn Exchange today. Wheatwa 6d. and oatb 3d. to 6d. per barrel cheaper than on Tueday. There was , small supply ot barloy, andNod samples w rather dearer. Scarcely anything dolng In Indian orn; prioe unaltered.
SECOND EDITION. I THB TIMES-OFFICEr Monday Morning. 3ThXPRESS FROM PARIS; The following is the letter of our Paris aorreMpOnfient, dated yesterday (Sunday), 6 p.m. - The French papers, continuing to occupy themWe',ves with the Indian insurrection au the only t opic of present importance, take generally a more gloomy view of the subject since the reo-ipt of tlhe last despatches. The Debads is nearly the only crception. The SiWck, which hiad hith!to expresmed itself oonfident as to the tdtimate vomplete supIresaion of the revolt, wow thinlrs that British power is seriously compromised in India. The re. trograde movement of General Havelock (subse- quentiy convertea, according to e statement which it in to be hoped will prove ai&he,itic, into an adva&nce) is misconstrued, as -it iRspears to me, by the Unimt into the result of heavy loss suffered in aome aiozunter of which' news -has not been re'ceived. But if a disastrous battle -had ocourred, we should surely have had news of it as soon as of the aeotreat it led to. No such event appears necessarv te account for Eavelock's retiring. The wonder is that he went on so far with Be slender a force. It consisted but of 1,300 English and 800 Sikhs; and when we take into acoount the amount of fighting and marching he accomplished, the climate, fatigue, and disease, it becomes evident that, deducting Bick and wounded, and the men necessary to look after their conveyance, &c., he could have but a very diminished number of actual combatants at his disposal. If, in addition to this, the cholera assailed his little band, it alearly would have been rashness. not to say madness, to have proceeded. With regard to the reported retreat of the British force before Delhi, no great importance is attached to it here, although it is understood that the announcement of the raising of the siege might at first have a depressing effect on the English public. But what they say here, and certainly not without much appearance of reason, is that the siege is a siege merely in name, and that all it amounts to is the presence, in front of a large fortified city, of a small corps of observation, utterly inadequate to invest it, and having almost too much to do to repel the sorties of its numerous garrison. It is thought that unless reinforcements sufficiently considerable to justify the assumption of the offensive, and to convert the nominal siege into a real one, were speedily to arrive, the best thing that could be done would be to retire upon Agra. It is feared that the little army wil remain too long, until it becomes as desperate ani undertaking to retreat as to remain. An article in one of your contemporaries, suggesting the formation of corps of volunteers as protection against possible invasion of England, is noticed by one or two of to-day's Paris journais, which evidently think the cry of alarm uncalled for, and which qualify as " very curlous" the means of defence advised. But there is no harm, when we are compelled to send away the bulk of our army, in raising the qnestion as to how far an invasion could be successfully resisted by a turn-out of the population, by the rush that would, no doubt, be instantly made by men of all classes to repel the assailants or lose their live3 in the attempt. Ena laud, with its small fields and Innumerable hedges and ditclles, would be a splendid country for the operations of riflemen, but these advantages womid be of little avail unless they -were skilful with their weapons to a greater extent than mere fowling-piece practice can possibly make them. The subject reminds rme of a recent conversation with an American, now holding a high position at a European Court, who was "reared" 2,000 miles up the Mississippi, spent many years in the Western provinces, has travelled much in his own country, and is high authority concerning it. Ilis opinion was that the great secuirity of America, that which makes her of all countries in the world the one that has least to fear from invasion, is the famniliarity and skill of her citizens with rifle and pistol. With this to fall back upon she has no need of an army. There, every man is expert with rifle and revolver; those who are not are rare exceptions, and are remarked as such, and a very large proportion aro no' only expert but of first-rate and unerring skill. This accomplishment, combined with that Anglo-Saxon pluck and daring common to English and Americans, have enabled the volunteers of the United States to do wonders, on various occasions, againist superior numbers and regular troops. The cotton-ba-s of New Orleans would hardiy have protected any but first-rate marksmen from the bayonets of Pakenbam's gallant soldiers; when aatcled, enl many occasions, in Mexico and Texas, against an inferior foe, we have seen mere handfuls of self-relying Yankees scatter their opponents, when the odds were 20 to I ; recently, in Cuba, although thc little band of rilibusters under Lopez was ultimately overwhelecd by an immensely superior force of the best troops of Spain, it was not until they had shot down more than their own number. An economical and unmilitary (although not an unwarlike) nllationl, the English, lik-e the Americans, will neither pay for the support of a numerous army nor subinit to be taxed in kind by a conscription, probably the only means by which It would be precticable for Great Britain to keep uip a large, permanenit and effective army. Nobodly buit an alarmist will pretend that there is the remotest chance of any Power taking advantage of England's having sent so large a part of her army to India to pick a quarrel with her. But nobody can answer for the fature; and it certainly could be no disadvantage to the young men of England to apply themselves to become good rifle shots, to practise skirmishing, and even to familiarize themselves with forming sq uiare and a few of the commonest manceuvres of infantry in the field. It woould beasgood exercise and amnusement asmost of the athletic Bports towhich a large proportion of Englishmen devote much of their leisure, and the knowledge they acquired would enable them, if the occasion ever arose, to give powerful assistance to regular troops, and even, in case of the worst, to offer formidable resistance to railitary assailants. It is very well to talk of the English nation rising as a man and throwing intruders into the sea; but it is diffloult to place much confidence in the efficiency of volunteers raised all in a hurry, and having no practice in arms, when opposed to reguilar troops, well drilled, good marksmen, and furnished with such weapons as are now rapidlly becoming of universal employment in European armies. The accounts and correspondenne from Spain with respect to the Minlisterial crisis are rather contradictory. Althouigh it is said to be over, the Governmeat of Marshal Narvaez has received a rude shock. There is reason to believe that the formation of a new Cabinet was offered to Beltran de Lis, who declined undertaking it. A letter of the 16th says that Concha will remain at Cuiba, Lersundi, as MIinister of Marine, and that Narvaez's protige, Marfori, will be Intendant of the Palace. The papers make a confusion between Moyano, a member of the present Government, and Don Luis Mayans, a relation of the Palace favoturite, and who has been spoken of in recent proposed combinations for a newv Ministry. It is announced that Mayaus is about to leave for Valencia. General Armero, another intriguer, is to go to his3estate in Andalusia. Theso departures from MtUadrid, and the appointment of Marfori (if realized) look as if Narvaez bad prevailed over hi3 Palice enemies; but it is a my last letter will have led you to expect. He was accompanied by the King from Charlottenburg immediately after dinner to the terminus of th) Anhalt Railwsy here, and was again received there by all the Royal Princes and all the Serene Highnesses now on a visit to this Court; he here took leave of them all, to return again to Berlin, with the Empress, early in October. The Emperor had been out that same morning,with theKing snd a numerous and brilliant staff, to the manceuvres in the neighbourhood of Spaudau, and had only just finished a hasty dinner at Charlottenburg, preparatory to setting off by the railway, when a deputation from the European Committee of the Evangelical Conferonces then sitting in Berlin arrived thence, desiring an audiencaof the Emperor. This deputation conssted o,Y a Church of England clergym2n, an English Ia-ansan, -n Amerioa a missionary at Athens, anSi,orX liXEgEXdleys dangeroUs thing for a SpFmnish Ministry when the struggle with the camar ilas gets as far as this. There is talk of au earlJr convocation of the Cortes, and of a violer.t oppo4ition in the Senate by Manuel Concha and theVioalva2ists. For the third time during the few weeks that have elapsed PInce the law on the press was decreed, the Diiscason, Democratic Madrid newzpaper, has been coud',r ned to a fine of 10,000 reals. As regards the slave trade in Cuba, it would very probably be more desirable that Concha should remain than that Lersundi should replace him. The former has filled himself, and, if not insatiable, may rest content, or at least be moderate; vwhile the other would go hungry, and very keen indeed is the appetite of a Spanish General newly appointed to the command inOuba. Aletterfrom the EIavannah, of the 12th August, now before me, speaks of the panic prevailing there in consequence of the vast number of bubble banks and speculations lately got up there. and sanctioned bv Coneha Th- - -IA to exceed 200 in number. I have seen the advertisements of some of these anonymous companies, and certainly, that thev should have received applications for shares shows the fever to have been very high. To have given his sanction to them, Concha must either have been ignorant of what he -was doing, or he must have had, as is commonly affirmed, and as is most probable, interested motives. The letter says:- " In a single day, in a single hour, confidence disappeared, and all the banks stopped payment, and this oapital beoeld itself in the most grievous conflict. The General, seized with consternation, like the foolish man who foresees nothing, inetantly formed in his palace a council of lawyers and merchants, to deliberate on the he3t mode of getting out of the diffloclty. But it was a vain illusion. Credit has received a mortal wound, incurable by any doctor. At last it was decided that the Spanish Bank should raise a greatlloan, but nobody comes forward with the money, or will accept the guarantzes offered; and so things go from bad to worse, For some months past the receipts of all the custom-houses of the island, including that of this place, have been falling, as you wfill perceive by the comparative statements." The Emperor Napoleon, who leaves Chalons on the mornig of the 24th, is expected to stop a night at Baden, and not to reach Stuttgard till the evening of the 25th, to remain two complete days there, and lea7e on the 28th. The Duke of Cambridge, who was present yesterday at a trial of the Emperor's new howitzer gun, will remain at the camp untiU the 23d or 24th. Generals Fleury, Espmasse, and de Failly are to go to Stuttgart; M. de Morny it is said is not going there. It is thought the Empress Eugenie will remain at Biarritz until the end of the month. I am assured that the French Eastern Railway and the Baden company have agreed to connect their lines by an iron bridge over the Rhine. On this bridge there will also be a footway for passengers, but the bridge of boats wiUl remain for horse and carriage traffic. Accounts of the Moldavian elections up to the 15th inst.. represent the chances of the Unionists as daily diminishing. They, however, mentionedthat up to that date they had still a small majority, but this is considered very doubtful, and their position was not likely to be improved by the results of the voting on the 16th and 17th inst., although certain foreign journals give information of a different tenour. The Minister of Foreign Affairs has addressed a note to the French Mfinisters at the Northern Courts. from'the contents of which it would appear that, in the question of the Duchies, the Emperor of the French takes the side of the Eing of Denmark. A despatch from M. Gobineau, the French Minister at Teheran, contains an official notification made by the Shah to the foreign Ministers in Persia that he appoints for his successor his son Eimir N{i2am, now 7i years of age. M. Gustave Planche, the eminent critic, and conb tributor to the 1?ue des Deuu MIondes, died yesterday. The Minister of Public Instruction has offered to defray the expenses of his interment. On Monday evening last the Zouaves at the Camp of Chilons got up a very amusing performance, representing an Arab wedding, the part of the bride by a Zouave, in appropriate costume. A vast square, in the centre and at the four corners of which burnt bivouac fires, served for a theatre. At one of its extremities was pitched an Arab tent, around which stood Bedouins, in white burnouses. The stage was lighted with numerous lanterns. Benches and chairs were placed on one side of the square for the officers. The performance had not long commenced when the Emperor arrived with his staff. His Majesty and the Generals who accompanied him took seats, and the performance continued. During the first act the feast of betrothal was represented. Arab mendicants carne to beg, and to solicit fragments from the table. After the banquet the Arabs smoked and played at games of chance. Two negro Arabs disputed in a most grotesque manner. They were on the point of coming to blows when the master of the house separated them by the application of a cudgel. After this episode came the procession by torchlight. The bride was conducted from her house to that of the bridegroomn, and seated with her companions on carpets around the fire in the centre of the square. Then came great rejoicings, wrestling, dangerous leaps, and tricks by clowns, usual at such a ceremony. The bride took her part in the dance, and indulged in the strangest contortions and most grotesque entredhats, accompanied by discordant screams and by the beating of drums and tambourines and shrill notes of alittle Arab pipe. The wedding amusements terminated, the bride was conducted in great state to her husband, who was waiting for her under the tent. Just then the Emperor rose to depart. Thereupon the Bedouins, suddenly snatching up the lanterns, hurried to escort His Majesty to his head-quarters. This unexpected move caused no little surprise and some enthusiasm, and pleasantly terminated the evening's amusement. The Police Court of Paris delivered the following judgments yesterday :-Pierre Batifoulier, a journeyman hairdresser, to be imprisoned 13 months, and to pay a fine of 00£f., for an offence against the person of the Emperor, and for insulting the police agents; 2. Pierre Combet, labourer, to imprisonment for eight months and a fine of 600f., for an offence against the person of the Emperor, for quitting the place of residence assigned to him by police authorities, and for violating a decree of expulsion. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received "XBERNE, Sar-r. 18. "The 1Federal Council is sending Colonels Steblin and Kurz as Commissionors to the Government of Vaud, to see to the execution of the decisions of the Council. Oa its side the Government of Vaud has convoked the Grand Counoil for the 24th inst., to solve the question of competence to act in opposition to tho Federal Council." " MADRID, SrPT. 19. "A Government order permits the free entrance of corn into Spain until the month of July. The Ho,as announces that the opening of the Cortes is to take place in October." "BERLIN, SEPT. 19. "In tho extraordinary siting of the Central Committee of the Bank of Prussia, which took place to-day, the rate of discount of bills was raised from 5' to 6 per cent." The French three-master, the Sainte Marthe, of Eavre, on the way to La Guayra, ran a few nights ago, at some distance off Brest, into the Britannia of Liverpool, bound for Buenos Ayres with coal, and so muoh damaged her that she went down almost immediately. Of the crew of 1I men the Sainte Marthe could only pick up seven, and she took them into Brest. The deposits in the savings banks of Paris have during the last three weeks presented an increase, as have zlso those in the office for securing pensions to the aged of both sexes. The reason is said to be that the worldng classes are beginning to abandon Bourse speculations. The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways, from. September 3 to September 9:- AIUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDET.) VI-ENNA, SEPT. 17. Emp1ojJis who are not connected with the Finance Department aver that Baron Bruck has never even thought of emitting Beichssc7wtscheisw (Treasurybills), but there is reason to believe they are mistaken. If the information which has reached me be correct, the Milister of Finances proposed to make Treasury-bills, bearing 4 per cent. interest, to the amount of 150,000,000 florins, and with .them to pay off the debt of tlbe State to the Bank. The object of the Mirist.r of Finances is to place the Bank in such a pOsition that it may be able to resume its cash payments on the 1st January, 1859, and he is saic?, to be of opinion that it might do so with safety if bank notes to the amount of 1150,000)000 florins were withdrawn from the circulation. If Treasury-bills to the above-mentione1 amount should be paid over to the Bank, the Stcte domains, valued at 155,000,000, will still be left Inx its hands as security. It appears to me that there i3 more than one weighty objection to the project of the Finance Department. 1. An emission of State notes would probably lead to a panic among the foreign holders of Government stock. 2. If there were again a floating or non-corsolidated debt, the Austrians themselves would lose confidence in the'r Government, and would greatly raise the prices of the precious metals by their frantic eagerness to convert their paper money into silver or gold. When the State domains were ceded, it was understood that they were to be sold, but as not a rood of land has yet been disposed of, the public is greatly inclined to fancy that the Bank is in the position of a child which has received a valuable coin as a present; the money belongs to the child, but it is to be looked at. not spent. It is to ba fnwreP_n that if the Bank should resume its cash payments l 15 months hence, its metallic reserve of 100,000,003 forins will very soon find its way across the frontiers. The Osterreichhehd Zeitung, the orgaa of the Finance Department, to-day informs the public that some financial measure is likely to be taken, 1 but it does not enter into particulars. The money I market is in a most melancholy state, and so it is likely to remain for many a long day. The partisans of the Minister of Finance would fain attribute the present crisis to the scarcity of moaey in England, I and to the mad speculations of the Credit Mobilier, but its principal cause is to be found nearer home. Baron Bruck was in too great a hurry to develope the resources of Austria, and the public is now paying the penalty for his want of caution and foresight. Germau politicians have ceased to trouble themrselves about the approaching meeting of the two Emperors at Stuttgard, but they would hardly be so indifferent if they recoUected that the famous Congress began at Erfurt on the 27th of September. On that day-in 1808-Napoleon I. met the Emperor Alexander I. and his brother, the Grand Duke Constantine, the Kings of Saxony, Bavaria, Westphalia, and Wirtemberg, Prince WViUiam of Prussia, the Grand Duke of Baden, the Prince Primate, the Hereditary Princes of Bavaria, Baden, Darmstadt, 3fecklenburg-Schwerin, Mecklenburg-Strelitz, and 19 of the minor German potentates. On the 12th of October a "most secret" (secretissime) convention was signed between France and Russia, and its fifth article was, that the two Powers pledged themselves to make it " an absolute condition" to a peace with England that she should acknowledge Finland, Wallachia, aud Moldavia to be integral parts of the Russian Empire. By Article 8 the Emperor of the French recognized the Danube as the boundary of the Russian Empire. It is by no means probable that Napoleon III. will follow the example of the founder of his dynasty; but as the foregoing historical facts are but little known to the public, it appeared advisable to make mention of them. The Emperor of Russia received Field-Marshal Lieutenant von Parrot, the Austrian officer who was sent to Warsaw, with great kindness, and gave him the Order of the White Eagle. According to the official Gazetta di Venezia, the Emperor gave orders that from the day on which his Holiness quitted Bologna nothing more should be paid by the Ppal Government for the Austrian corps of occupation. In 1850 the Austrian and F'rench troops in th-e Legations and in Rome cost the State 800,000 scudi (about 160,0001.), but the greater part of that sum was expended for the maintenance of the Austrians. Two or three years later a reduction was made in the Austrian corps, and the Papal Government then paid 250,000 scudi (50,0001.) towards its support. In 1856 the subsidy paid by Rome was 47,0001. In future all the expenses attending the occupation of Ancona and Bologna are to be defrayed by Austria, excepting those for barracks and quarters for the troops. France receives no payment from the Papal Government for the forces which she has at R.ome. The autograph letter addressed by the Emperor to the Governor-General of Hungary is said to have been written by the Minister of the Interior, and it is probable that such was the case, for he came here for a few hours, and then returned to the mountains. On the 9th a Cabinet Council was held, at which only Baron Bach and one or two other Ministers were present, and onn that day the abovementioned letter was signed. The Minister of the Interior is said to be in high spirits, and to rejoice greatly that he has obt-ained 8uchj a signal victory over his numerous enemies. No fewer than 99) squadrons of cavalry and eight batteries of horse artillery (some 14,000 men) are now encamped at Parendorf, where important experiments are to be made. It is the question of the introduction of a new cavalry 4gleimwt, aud such a large force has been brought together in order that it may have a fair trial. Soon after the manceuvres at Parendorf are at at end, His Mlajesty will go to Prague to see the ex-Emperor Ferdiuand, and thence to Berlin to return the visit of the King of Prussia. We learm from Darmstadt that the Empress of Russia and the Princess Olga of Wir_ temberg are gone to Cologne. The Vienna papers [teem with letters written by persons who are on board the Novara, but none of them contain any newz likely to interest a nation so intimately acquainted with nautical affairs as the English. The eircumnavigators of the earth cast anchor in the port of Rio Janeiro on the 5th of August. There were some few cases of scurvy on board, although the crew had been well supplied with preserved meats and vegetables. A Vienna correspondent of the Augsbturg Gazette states that no fewer than 05 French engineers have been engaged by the Lombardo-Venetian Railroad Company, although nothing has been done during 18 months but the line between Bergamo and Coccaglio. The Archduke Governor-General complained to the Emperor of the slowness of the Company, and the director en chef of the Austrian State Railroads has been sent to Italy to examine into the cause of the delay. The actors of the Burg or Court Theatre are Imperial employgs, and consequently have a good position in society, but one of them has just received from the Emperor such a reward for his services as has never before been given in Austria to any person who has wora the sock and buskin. Mr. Anschutz -by far the best Lear I have ever seen, and also an excellent Falstaff-had his jubilee as an actor a day or two since, and received from the Emperor, as a reward of merit, the Knight's Cross of the Order of Francis Joseph. PRUSSIA. (IT.o3s OL' OWNN CORERSPONDMiT.) BEtLIN, Sirum. 19. The Emperor of Russia left Charlottenburg and Berlin for Weimar last Wednesday afternoon, as sOD, reprseentfng his fathor. Their object was n present to tche Emperor a petition in German, Ftenth, d English, requestinghim to permit the Holy Sc4ptanes to be printed again in modern Russ, and '*~cuin;ted in his dominions; in other words, to reperA the prohibition of the Scriptures in modern ThBss which his father, the late Emperor Nicholas, b'.ad enacted. The request for an audience was kindly entertained by the Emperor and the King, but the paucity of minutes left before starting to Weimuar precluded its being granted; the Emperor, however, consented to receive the petition or memorial, if the deputation would hand it to the King's adjutant, who was very courteously acting as the intermediaTy of the great folks above aud the petitioners below. As tkis was willingly complied with, and the deputation subsequently bad the satisfac. tion of seeing the said document in the hands of one of the Emperor's adjutar ts on his way from the Empe.or's carriage, there is no doubt of its having reached the Emperor and of its being ia the best way " to be read this time six months." The Evangelical Conferences, which have beern held in the Garnison Kirche, have not suiiced to absorb the untiring energies of our active countrymen, and, at their instance, the Conference authorized the formation of a European committee for he promotion of the interests of Protestant Christendom. This chief committee has accordingly organized two sub-committees for North and South Europe: the former including Rissia, Sweden, Norway, and Denmark; the latter Italy. The first fruits of the former of these sub-conmittees were, as related above, served up to the Emperor of Russia as dessert last Wednesday, on the coaclusion of his dinner at Charlottenburg, and contain some nuts very hard for him to crack; but still, if the Evangelical Alliance wiiU not be impatient, there is very little doubt, that the Emperor will do everything practicable for the interests of religion in his country consistent with the Ctesaro-Papistry which forms the polity of the Russian empire. In connexion with the Scandinavian kingioms the sub-committee has acquired and consolidated an immensity of iuformation on the subject of the extraordinary religious revolution now going on in Sweeden, and more correct views with regard to the persecutions in Schleswig, than those which prompted the late ill-advised letter of the Evangelical Alliance to the Assembly of Scandinavian Pastors; these persecutions in Schleswig, aud the destructioh of religion and morality now being effected ih the hitherto most exemplary cradle of the Anglo-Saxon race, are political, not religious, in their motive, and require to be treated, not by a letter from the Evangelical Alliance, but by a representation from the great Powers parties to the London protocol of 1852 in re the integrity of the Danish Monarchy. With this vast amount of business in addition to the actual conferences, viz., the furtherance of the interests of Protestant Christendom, affected as they are by the different forms of Government, customs, and traditions of the various States within its pale, and all of which must first be studied and learned before any rational resolutions can be arrived at with reference to them, it will not astonish your readers to learn that most of our countrymen have already been laid on sick beds by the united agencies of extreme heat, -want of ventilation, overwork, and, perhaps, the difficulties of foreign languages. Sir Culling Eardley has been confined to his bed ever since the reception at Potsdam with a slow fever that has reduced him to a state of extreme debility, while his son has happily recovered from an attack of measles that seized him immediately on his arrival. Many other men, whose names are less known to fame, have also experienced the ill effects of the injurious agencies enumerated above. A sudden change, however, took place a few days back from fierces summer heat to cheerless autumnal chilliness, and relieved those suffering from exhaustion ; but whatever relief the diminished temperature brought to the male part of the community, the ladies at any rate have suffered most extensively from the change, for colds, coughs, and sore throats have from that day become epidemic amnong the fair Evangelicals. TheKing,afterseeinghisnephewtheEmperorAlex- anderof RussiaoffbytheA haltRailwavfor theCourt of NWeimar, returned to the Royal Schloss here, and (after transacting there such public business as was pressing) repaired, about 6 o'clock, perfectly unexpectedly, to the sitting of the Conferences then being held in the Garnison Kirche. The business of that afternoon sitting included two very interesting reports of the results of Christian missions in the Danubian Principalities and in Turkey; the latter was more particularly so, as showing the conduct of the Turkish Government and local authorities, both before and after the issue of the Hat-Humayoun. The same subject had been touched upon in the morning by our countryman, the Rev. MIr. Blackwood, who will be recollected by your readers as having, together with Lady Alicia Blackwood, rendered our wounded fellowcountrymen such signal servicesinthehospitalof Scu. tari. At the conclusion of the sitting the King proceeded to the Dom to be present at a concert given by the Dom Chor for the benefit of certain infant schools under the Queen's patronage, and in which she takes great interest. With a view to giving Iler Majesty a gratification in acknowledgement of her gracious bearing towards the members of the Erangelical Conferences, our countrymen had a few days before improvised a small subscription towards the funds of these schools, with which they charged a deputation to proceed to Charlottenburg and lay it at Her Majesty's feet. The'morning meeting of the following day (Thursday),atwhich the Princeof Prussia and the Prince and Princess Carl of Prussia, together with the Chevalier Bunsen alnd the A ustrian Ambassador were present, contained the most valuable and excellent discourse delivered at the Conferences considered with reference to the subject proposed by those international Assemblies. Its subject was " the possible and probable result to be attained in literature and religion by the iuion of British and German Christians." It was delivered in excellent German bv the Rev. J. Cairns, from Berwick-on-Tweed, than whom it is difficultto conceive any onemorehighlyqualified to shed a clear light on this subject. Thorough knowledge of both languages, of both schools of theology, both literatures, the peculiarities of both nations, and sound common sense, joined to a total absence of personal pride or national arrogance on the part of the speaker, combined to make this discourse " a jewel of great price ;" and I regret much that neither your space nor my time will admit of our offering your readers, at least a resumi of it. It -will be found at length, together with all other transactions of the Conference, in "Evangelical Christendom." This morning and afternoon the reports on the state of religion in various other countries were taken, which had been of necessity adjourned on Friday, when at the King's invitation the members of the Conferences proceeded to Potzdam; these reports wil be found fuU of information even to the politician, since in a great number of instances t is impossible to understand the politics of a State and the tendencies of a nation, without thoroughly understauding its church and religion. This is especiaUy the case with the preent kingdom of Greece and its conduct in the late war. At the end of the evening meeting the con. I erences were closed by a very eloquent speech from the Rev. Mfr. Krumtmacher, preceded by a few words of acknowledgment for the kIndly spirit displayed on aU sides, and a prayer for a blessing on heir endeavours, by the Dean (f Canterbury ; a ftw more from Dr. Patton, of New York, very well adapted for a Transatlantic audience, but not for 1his one; and also from M. le Pasteur Fisch, from Paris. The King and Queen, who came into town on purpose to be present, remained until the close of the proceedings, joining in the concluding hymn, wvhich, according to German custom on festal occasions, was sung with an accompaniment of trombones. LI r Bloomfield was also present at this ladt sitting, of course only as a private member of the meeting, and not in his official capacity. The last concluding act of all was the administra. tionof the Lord's Supper at the Church of the Moravian Brothers to above 400 persons of all denomninations, even including numerous Lutherans, although the manner of celebrating the rite was not according to their rituaL For the purpose of avoiding all dissensions on the points in dispute between the Lutherans and Calvanists the narrative of the institution of the Sacrament and the consecration of the elements was read from the 11th chapter of St. Pal's lt Epistlel to the Corinthians, after the communicants assembled had been addressed in German, EDglish, and French, by Prediger Schneder, Rev. Mr. Jenkinmon, and Professor Chappuis. The holy elements, after consecration, were administered to the communicants sitting by the above, Prediger Enutze, Rev. Mr. Birrell, a Baptist, and M. Monod. A nd with this joint communion of various nations and all denominations, the Evangelical Conferences at Berlin closed.
JTARROLD v. E7OULSTOI. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your report of this case in The imes of to-day yon 8tate tbe application to have been to restrain the doendnts from publishing a book entitled Te Reason Why, wnittenby Dr. Brewer. This is a mistake, as is evident from the other part of tho report, but unexplained it might do Dr. Brewer is the author of a book entitled A Guide to the Scientijtc Knowledge of Things Familiar, and the application was to restrain the defendants from publishing the book called Tihe Beason W7ly, on tbe ground of its bemg a piacy of Dr. Brewer's book. With this erlanation, the reporb speaks for itself. We are, Sir, your obedient servants. Az3tiuRsT. SON. A NT) MORRT9 2Plaintiff's solicitors. 6, Old Jewry, Sept. 19. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TUI!ES. Sir,-There is an inceuracy in your report of this CAse in TU Timcs of this day. The &7Lon Why is the defendanta' work. The point alone argued before and decided by his Honour was as to whether a breach of injunction Lesson 3, had been inadvertently republished as a who;e, and no other grounds were entered upon. I am. Sir. yours most obediently. ROBERT FREDE'RICK LOWr. Chelsea. Sept. 19. Mosahtor for the deferdants.
Raertllnord-Dury, reur Hertfo d.-lira vapft%l P'nDnito niAnulfaco- turdby Me ar,Gl Uow nidCo , au 8-tont Ifillierd Table by TurI, ston. Cottage PIauoforte by Broadwood, Pictures. Printr, a Library ot 110 volumes, Clocks, lren-al and French P,ro"daln servole,; ox Table China, and Glass. a towan-uilt Brougbami, (all Pbaeton, a small POnY Pheetonl. 25 loads of Mtsaiow Ray Gade imnplementa, and various iffecta, tbis ropeVyOW.R u a,A. h I leaving tse neighbourhoo. i)o .1.Sto,Eq,woI ~ESSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS will 5SbELLbY AUtTInN. Ott the Prn-s about a mile and a Ealf from liertford. TIllS DALY, September 2.1, and following day, the handsome kUItNITUNIt, manufactured for the proprietor by hiessa. Giliow and Co., and In osoellevt ooesdltlon, comrprising carved eoewood tablets and cabinets. rosewoodI ohairs sofas, and couches. BuIte of chilntz aod other wiLdo,w cu,tains. bigb folding and pole screens, Btrus-ela carpeta, a variety of de_.-ratle objtcs in3luding Parisian clocks, groiups and tigurr,, in alhce =n porcelain, IDdian vawes, fo., 14 capIt-A oinlnag ettla chair,, Nvith msneccoO leather seats, carved eidee,tard divue wazgm 2o et of dinisg tables, tlibrsry chairs and tables. bookcese; chAmrher furs itur. com3prising lnMahogany. jaanned. and iron tetand, ma sperior bedding. wingedt and dwarf wardrbes, chasts if drawers w,sltelands withi marble tops, toilet tahlea and gla ses,klschsn re-lul itm, dailiy utensile. garden tsrplemnts iro rolcr,a sacko' pimemeadw hy. 3 loads, a sla3k Meters. tushwoot and. Jarv. Satrieet. Retend -tee;an MESSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS will SELL by AUCTION. on the P'mmo.,es,.6 iis's dniosday. Sept. 23, at 12, the useful modern FURINITiIItE. cosm:.rllng the Customary bed1 room re,sulftbea. including mnahogany Ar% Ian and japanned French bedsteadsi and t-ei,ig, a rosewood dr.wise.rootn suite,, with curta(in In green and dr1, rmrrino daina-lk. mahogany dining-roorn appendages, Bruszels carpets, tios,rcloib. isi stair cnrle-tiig, kitchen requicites, chins, glass. and tither iinoful cifecis. To be viewed the day previous, nduE c3ams.oyces bad on tile premises : cod at the ofluie of Aesses Eushivortis and Jarvis, Saville-row, Rtegeut,-street, and 19, Change- aliry, Co aithill.__ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 655.Albermcarle-ttree. riecadilly-- Hsands-mae modern Furniture, Cbizm,ey i.sd Pier Glasses. Fkule. Marnreterie. and rosewood CIabinets. Clerks, andi ornamental Porcelain, table Chitta, Cot Glass, and rxicel:aneolls effects. ~1ESSR8. RtUaWORTH ancl JARVIS will SELL Alby AU0CTIN, on the Preintoes, 45, Aibemasle-street, on *ii.tay,. Soptemnbe-r25 (in conoeiemlnre of the expiratlona of tbe lease), theohandsome modorn PORN ITt IE of t- e Paciocs res,idence, cost1;r1inga drawing roomnouite of threo pair of criacuhotUtreelit elvet e.incowc.srti.ic, with carsed sosewood conuches, indulgent and othez chairs c:seered to c,,rniepond. rosewood tablts, toole, inarqueterle and irosewoodslabinetr,0git consoigs, chimney an-d picr glwasss clocks. crnamxem,tat poroesain) atid glass. taptbtCy.pattsra Brustelf carpets and rugs. fez.ders. &o., damasik and tabaroet wi,t- ow cumtaice in the dlining room and library ; theels-carved pedesta sideboards, extending dinig tables. emabogany chairs and coucces Is-olrate, Turkey carpets; i tke bed chiamt'rs Arai,nam and Iron le,Sstwals and bedding. winged wardrobes, chestsI pf draviers. waslissiandsl with ettarble toDn, toilet tabesass. lases anoneett o te omrll shre.tabioechina and glare andl vacises elrecte MtaY i-c views- the coy precedinig II-. sale, and c-Atalogues had at the otlilces of dessrs Ittushwvorti and Jarvis, Saville-mow. Regenlt-st"eet ; tud iS Chall,te-..ieT, Comchill. Siar:ls-ro.-Cap inlmoern Fianiture, Cs imoi.y and I71er C,l*asss. a brilliant toned Cottage Piane,feie. by Kirkinan, njearly new, China and Glhser and Aliscellansuc Items, reniuvee Irets private ItOsidences. MESSRS. RtUSH WORTH and JARVIS will SELL by AUICTIO N, at the-Ir great Rborm.. on, We.dnesday Set. 30, capital omod-r FUJlNIT1VRl: corylsrieir, for tte drawing room,' cbintz andI Fr,nch damask window ecitoins, sofas, couches chaIrs, Indulgent ditto, caril. centre, and occasion-al table., nobiniets, llrasaels ana otter cartels, fogs, fenders snd 6r.-iruns. onsspeodlng and sta-adard lawps', masntel ard heackot les,anti am.rn seutal Iems, a brillianttored 6iOCtare COttage pl%I-Ofrite. bly H irl,man, in a han;dsome rose. wood case. nearly iret-s' fer the dirivi -reel and library, mahogany cbaixs, sets or recltogany dicing tables on extending frames, peiestal and (ttTr sieboaycsi, boolecapes, writing and Ibrbazy tablel% inQoigeut chairs, slix-leaveS screen ; for ti's Ied chiamflers. four.poet, F'rench, and Arabian liedste.ds', with ceipltal beeldit g, wing, d arid single ward. robes, cL,tst of drawer. withstands. eLeval and t,-lI,t lasesa, appeaOages to the dorealio ofibces, and zvlsgrlltnevuu effects. Mlay beho iwsld ithe day arcl ng.cd eataloucc had at th, cilices of essrs. Rush-. wOch and Jarvis, t3ayello-row, Rtegunt-,treet, and 19i, Coiange-alley, Cornhill. Bte Seetoset (in Q.-No. 10. Sternd.- V.1loable Stock of Engllrh.mace, and fcreign Gold and Silver Wattcher, elegant Clocks, Sitoic of Jewel'lery, &O. B[1. EDWARD) LUMLEY will SELL by AUCAlTO,on the Premnises. 10, Strand, To-morrow September 2?, and following dsy, at 12 for 1 each day, lonuder a deedof assignment), the valuable Sf971-I. Comprising abosst 10 gold ad silver watches'. with the patent eight-day lvris-s ovenelot, 54 Genieva watchies. on. finished moveneouts, cases ae. 40 eleg;ant mantel, bracket, and other clochs, fashiouablo stock of jewel..ry, shop fixtures, and a variety of effects. The stank may beI Tiewed and1 c"ts ogues had of &te,es. Lumley and Lumiley, solicitors, i1, Ludigale-straet, City; or at the suc. tionl Otlie-ss 57, CbAccers.lane. L.msel of Nu. 70, Sttrandl. an t as Pae t I6ht :to Mmfctr MepaorNaEight-,Iay bs to W ain ILR EDWARtD LUIN1)LEY wiSLL by AUG. ,V.TION. on the Premisefs, No. 70, Srn,o Tuiesday, Sept. 22, at 12 for]I, tho LEAS B of the sa,id PRhIE3 held for5i years at a lose rent ; al,-o the attov.-mestond aent. Particuars, withi Conditions of cate, may be had at Mr. Lunceysoffices 07, Chan. cery laue. Early 8ale.-3oulbrs.tosen.-To Linendrapasa, lateidalthtrs, and ot-te,s. M1~R. EDWARD LUMILEY will SELL by AUG. T10. VI N, on the P'remtises, 15, Cbaps,'-st,eet. Somiers' town To~- suaszow, ITuesedaly. Sept. 22,) at tO for 11. the well assorted STOCi of a LiNENiDiAPER1 Ctomprising several pieces Calito, rolls of Welsh Ilannet, holilad, prlntit, wo,.I s rkite, tayo. silk handikerchiefs, and toeneral assortment of br.berdaahers. .May be viewed, and catalogues PAd on1 the premsos'. atd at tho auciOn otl1ceA. 67, Ocn&nery-lane. In) Bankrutcy.--reat ScOtli .d*sayd. 'To t,ders -and ethe-rs. MR.EDWVD. LUMlLEY will SELL by AUG. ~YJ.T3ON enthe remses,(ron.wbrf,(treat Scetiand-yacd. on Te~rray,Srtemer24 atI or , he TIOt In TRADE of about 2003 yiln nd idg tico. 0thp tingtriks,1. 500 drain pipes. 5,000 fir bick. .fO fsotties,11 yelo clse pas,150 cbiinney-pots, 100 eacso t'rtaadceent 111 acs a,dcass,irn Crab and crane, plaks,birows I. ;alt a as-trttIg mreand ot-anhopophaetjn. and i7ecs. .-stlccus o J. . Chdle, Esl.,10, Baainghal-street; (d rmtot- Nearly new lHourehsoild Furnitue infre n Elffteta. M~R. GEO. GOULDSIeI ITH wil SELL bY AUG_ T4.on the luemilses's, Nt,, 3, Scsasx.ttrraee, near the Swvan Taceer,. C'If iromt,itmtn, -, Thurnday, 4sntemiw-r 24. at 1 precisely, itt vel!-imacd FURtNITURE ; conipr6iig lottr-post and ether bedsteads,, nsalogany chi stts of drawers, walnttt-trec frPate sofa and easy chairs (well Btuffed ini haIr), rosewtted chellonler. oo and other tables, chlmrey-glaeu.e,Eix octave Cabient plan,olot.-, a-.1hogaL-y dtining tables, dinner wopgon, Bruasels cast-gte dlamask contains, obina and glazs, litchen ce,ici-ite,, Sc. Otve h a r-eu admsigo ae Catlogues en 'he PZemiles ; Amt' at the auctioneer's offices, 3, Pontst At n 24. Delcravs'-road. S.W. ulivemter street, fl'ntic R.GE.GO'ULDSMITH w%ill SELL by AUG. M TINen the Pesrmlses, 12, Gittei tee-street, Pimlico, on FiIday, Sept, 25, atil2 for 1, the genuine HOUSEIII-LD I5OPJITUIRIt camprisingmtahecrony and jr-sn bsedstndas. with lboding, mahogedy and snarUetop 'rash-tauda, thesis ctf draw,mr, and toe eubua chamber re,.todtss, sets of amtnss5u tab,ret tand d,,ssaak window curtzains, and cornices, dii.itg, iso, and otlier t.bles, set of 10 and two elbow gilt cabriole chairs is, cilintron veisnt, t%o setts of miahogiany dining rosom chairs and conch in hair cloth, easy sbains. acromatis toeiescpe, a few Paintings and books, kitchen appendages and useeul items. May be viewed on Thutsrdsy. Catalogued on the premises ; and at the ano. ti,tsocerfs -iffi ~.3, Ponts-trret, and 24. ftshieave.road, Pimlico. S.W. flrMnIMII-VO s f-r the county of Rien _t. - iil ag Freehod- Dwelliteg-hsste. u-ith Shop and Gardlen, East-street. near the. Pack and Rtoy.1 HospItal, Grteenwiab. Al FSSR S. SIHALLESS and SMIITH will SELL by .YSAUCTI2ON. at the Oraybotuitt Tavern. flr*es-ow h.s on Wedniesdlay. September 23. at 2 f-c 3, a, ottbtantial brick-btiilt FRFBIHOLD) 3)WEIILNGe1I.ThltE, with chop, well situa'o in East-street, and at the3 corner of Clarks-buildtngt, GmtIswich to the occupation of Mir. 33awls at the rnt of dllper senuor, lla)bevlewedaeyendoas prior to the day of sate aitd partiettlams and Coniitiorm had on the premises; Of - Cho-ndler, lssq,, Bolititor, 22, Paternoster-row; cud of Messrs. Sballts ansi Smith. sutucioneers, estate agotet, and publlc.house va;uers, . Los d,n.o-treet. Greenwich, Two esiabl lnt- eaehld inc Hoes, Nos. 6 and?7, Pelton- ESSE h~~oed, Greeonwich JESS. SHALLESS and SMITH. have recoivea J Instirtictlos to SELLby ACOTtO'N. at theGrayhouad tavera, Oreenwich. on We-dneeday, Septeuilwr'21at 2 1or3 teecisely,in two lots, comprising two sublstantial brlik-btuit and Well-fuillehed LEAE.3Y RIOLl) FAMILY DWELLING IlitlUbES with gardens; and enclosed with Uiitt Iron palisade, sitiate and well hitwn at Non. 6 and 2, Plto-rod, earChrit Curc G,swch Ihates occupation of May be veweel, y leave f the tnants, sven dry prior oth day of sal ad 'arlcoar an rndli-e f slehadofItttea.A. and w. brictoa~,BOlitIOre,London stree, Greenwich cmth prsmlss and f Meter Shlis' ad Sith,aucion ers etat agents, andi No. 13, Nonthwtsk.terrae, Mja-id l 1AESSRS. ]?EMVP will SELL by AUCTIONq, on the J.A remises, To-muorrow, Sept. 22. by directionl of a gentleman lemoing he rmainng UllEITVR6, cmpriingfour-p,35t and rrench bdsteads excellnt feater bedsan beding, chests of draer, citccy ad resin gacos,Bruses arpts dawing-room chaie, ad cuch,dinng tble, maogay chirs Isoandcard tables, numrou lIe plmte,To e vewe nc mrnig o sae.Catalogues am, oftheauttocer, 3, uddtret.W.C. ; and Thie Basingstoke Brewery.-Very Inpoirtant Sale of the Ilseingtoke Brewery, with 95 Iunns and i'ublic-hotise~s attached, asio a, preehold Farm of 52 acres. ithe whole Int one lot. Al, It. RI CHARD MOSS has been favoured with in. -1V1 struetltns from the Dorisees In Trurt. acting under the WVil of the Ilet Chavel;e May, lEnq., ts SILtL by Piibltc AUCTION at the AnstcIon Mart, In lastidon. on Mlonday, 19th OIctober next, at 1I, in one lot, aU that vosy valutable and hmopr' ant PROPrERTY, comprising the Basiagatoke Bre.wer, In theCounnty of iHants, with the Inns and 1Yuhllc-houlees attached thereto, It is an old famLily property, havylog been inu posscessou of the Dreeent own ersanad their ancestors for upwards of a remmtury, amtd is now offered for sale solely io Consequence of the desire of the trustee,s to wind op their trust, The business is one of high standing in the county, and has been nonductetd with eminent 1005c ; Iit is now hana most thriving and presperous condition, The trade Is gradualdly on the Inmcroaae and amoutnted during the last 12 nsonths to upucames of 10,650 barcesalneasly one-half of which waa strong ale) with ample scope for'iscreasing It to any reawonable extent. Thfer )s ls a hine op-sing for the addition of the spirit trade,whichit Is eatl. nialrt oul amuntto between 7.Ot and 8litO gallons per annum. ,liaiagtohis stuaeIh a beautiful part of the country, within So mile or bosi an ourand a half of Lndonl by the South-Western Eallwa The rohe-ey comp ise te brewery, with mnalt-houses, and extenive ad conmodins pemies, embracing every requlisite for earehugon ee rad, etuae coseto the railway, In the town of Itaelngtoke. Aso twocapitlIeiete,sial o the occupation of te prncials.Thewholeoftebilnsaef the most sabetan~talchaacte an in xcelent rear.Te rweyis tied op with a SI-quarterplant, con trutd nco h otnoenprinciple, Coin. binog ll heincst mprveseas, ored by a Steam enigine, and ncuIng store vats, to coti butIEaIarrels. There ate 01freebold copyholet, and leashl r,adpubilo-hourles attached to the concern, together with unmerous cottages land, and otherpoet by far the larger Portion of which is of freehold tenure ; and ls Xa-broutt 10 free publio-houses,supp,lied from thebrewery. A cenelderabls number of the houises are situate In the town and naeighbourhood, and the semainder intho townts andvilta8es within 1or l2mlles of thebreWay atto In the its ;rtout towns of &iham,' Farobam, Alton, Alderahol Btartley-row, ~arDborough, Evem8ley, blacke-ahir, an)d WIachcstcr. The hoccos for the meat part are In excellent repair, largernnaen bee anu alyepne amitiiate ateis "nat" Mvi uo,en.nosy re he_to a respectableand respnibl thne iy aO t oldcen a roj hl,l eSI-Y1 andre Tdleg teoaty at rold" tioewilntls whcwslld justifY considerably angmonting. At the same tune, willabe EIld Two v-ery valuable Publie-houmes, with buidldg lad itaemmedl,JaKOdv41op the ePrInVla entrance to the n aan baouk at5i\g ^tnd eno sarme ackr s 'will a ote m titary camp at &dershott of whch dVaabe sxitudld will apr ear ha futthP b dverttisemens, Also, ill be included in te sale, a Freehold Farm, of about iS amnce of highly Prd ttduct pasture and arable land, with farm- fhouse and buildings. The purchaser wl have the =Ion of taking a lease Of a farm of 170 acrs ImmedIately adjoinng and the drasfer Of the tenancy of about 112 acres, making ha too whole p35 ares. To genilemen of capital this Property Offers unusual advantages for luientment, the character of te bnines ret. Idotng tesa (Etamty tee average returt of befavmoureofplithfor he capita Invested, ad snecurIbto the Proprietor cdngdeblae loA Influence, which invaiably attaches tea property of this desmcrittn Wahe trustees are prepared to leave one-third of the purcae money steen mOrtgage Of the Proper&t If setinired, at C Per cent. M3ay be viewed by permion of the respective tenants, and partterulars hd at the Ralway Hotel, Rending; at the Auction Mart; of M tes 6 Lamb. 2Bssoks~Lco th and Challs, of Bainestoko aand O Isam ;&e ofM., Ittea zooo12.lOng WWdarn-stzeet, citw. O.. ZheltMarlborough Brewery, Wilts, with18 InnsnPbeoue having Land sand Cott es attached5 aind l ublts). R. RICIARD M SS hasbeen favoured with fin. strct1ns from the Executors of the hate John Brown, Esq. .to BELL by AUJCTION, at lbs Castle and Ball Inn, at M1arlboroug~o tWednesday. October 21 at I ha 22 loIn, the MAitLBORO1JGUil 2OREWERY with family resadence and premises belentging'I also3 freehold aind copyhold inns and publio-house, ncdig te hose and (IC-ten, the Sun, the Green Dr ,on, the Shi - the Croses YKese the 3ear and Cuatle, the Bell and pyoulder of uotlon, and the obuo Of York, all ha Marlborough; the White Hart, at Ogbourn. tho Bleed. lug Ror-e. at Itamsbury, the Royal Oak at Fewsey, the C~rown, at Aidbiourne, the Bell, at Lidditon, the Bell and Shoulder of Mutton, at Ewindon the Crows Keys, oottonx Basstt the ragk Horse, ait Chip- tauam, the Peach Tree1, at Caine, and the Talbot, at Quemerford. few11II0Ofeo the Properties ire in afair salts of repair, and arehIn the esCeUcadlon Of a respectable and responsible tenantry at, nominal rente. TIehe weeMremrigaee combine every requisite for conducting a contddabe e, for which the neighbourhood affords ample scope 'Wiltahire Old &al Jo also highly apprecated in the London macbet. The present trade of the brewery isabeut 90 quarters of malt per annum iwopriaof which is retailed ; there is an exsellenitopportanltygo.a IncreasIng thin branchof the business and als foe the addtion of the wine and Spirt trade. Ahe propery has been ha tea hands of the prosent farm,ip for nearly a canu n with new and actire man. ageentwoud son acoonhisoriIns poItoneof the Amrs brewery in isloalty T rndr vey osibe ccmmoaint oeaes ronldeab potio o te lsrcaasmon, ay eman ponmo Windemicre.-The St. (~,OrIOO'5e Estate, Freebold, and nearly fr5es of lond-tax am5Titbeo, th rOpeety of a Nobleman. rEhSES. FOSTER are directed to SELL by AtTC. M27 TION, at 11s Mart, London, on Tneeday, the 13th of October at 1,, o'clock, n oseur Snore lots., aa may be determined at the time. the St. CAUI EINICE's ESTATE, Windermere, counsiting ot a deligbtfulcottae cen6e, with garden., oXfces, U., and about 110 acre of pasturea wort¶eolands,,the wbole proCrttvely enriched by noble oaks beech, and other forefft trees, The Windermere and Ufwae road forma the boundary, of the estate, from which the laLnds rnay an easy awcct. presenting natural terraes plateaux, nooks, anq slpe,affering emulatory, eltee for rmanstons or elilla. It is not =nened ina this advertlsemient to attemupt a desripUiou of the enchanting beauties of Windermere'. it wHil be suffloient, to give acauranice that foom a hundred point., on this estate may ho see tlis queen of lakes dot,ed with fairy islets, belted by castlIs man. snons. villas, parks, &nd wide-spre3diLjr woods and Plantatlons, and sardedI by thoee terrestrial wonders towering to ths sky, includling &onltor. Old Ma., Smawfell (the highest mountain in England) B,jwfell, Great Gable, Laugdalepi,keo, and FairSold; to the eas,t la ppresented the fertile vale of Tro"ibck and Applalhwalbe; St. Catherinee' in witaiiu 10 mndutee walk of the, lake, railway tatmios, chubrch, villago, and poet-office of Windermore. Ini the vicinity, ithi a"few years. a nunbvr of elegant rdeiduces have been erected and occupiAd and the difficulty of obtaining land eligible for building has much Increased. Ifdivided accordingttheager pared each lot will have a oonaider.ble ocutg to the ju ore. mere road, Interepersod with park-like ttimber for Protectioni and o'rnamcnt, commnauding the whole of tie beautiful view.,, and wffl be entirely Indepenident of and unloterferedi with vy a(eJoining Portions of the eatate. Also an allotmnent on Applethwslte-common, contalning 24a lir. gp., ineluiding a clone quarry Immediate porseonson may be had. Mr. Garretr, at Boa ness, will, on applIcation, send a person to show the estate, and will give' particulars end plane, which may alio be hadl 30 days before the Pa-le of Mir. C. Webster, sursveyor and laud agent, Kendal; at the Adtiphi. IAverpool;, the Palatine, Blanchester; at the Malrt Louidon; of Meroee Beiley, bhaw, Smith, and Blailey solIcitors 5 linrnere-Btreet, Lobdon; aud of Blessr Pooter.5, K 'all.mall, London. Share and Dehontures.-By direction of -ho Executors and Trusweae under the will of the late Willfiam Hloof, Re1 NJrESSRS. FOSTER will SELL by AUCTIOX at Londn Rilwa Copany an eigt £0 earea in the Herne Bay, PiesComany Paticlars 14du beorethepale, at the Maswt; of Messrs. Gerrard and James oa.;13,do Ksnincon.tmrortnt reeoldMan-ion, with extensive Ground5 in ha ig rod, nden face Kenirgingn-gArdens. IJFESSRS FOSTER re directed by tbe Executors t I. oftr late William Hoof. Esq., to BELL. bp AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, the 27th of Ortober, at 12. afADELEY-HOUSE, Kenslnglon. a valuable Freehold Residience, with exrteneiee and do. l1gb' flt grounds, conservatory. carriage doive. coach-house. stablpng and outbuildings, In the Immediate neightrourhood of the greet buIld-_ ing operations now actively in togreoe at South Kensingtont. A well-planned echeme fuir Sirst-class usoeao or this site could not fall to prTov highly remaunerative, the frontage to Kerolngton-gardeng being 128 feet 10. and to the aiZe read aijok.iDg 212 feet. As a resldenea, Madeley-hou'o pose6eae man31y and unusseni comforts, andI has amour. modation for a, faml,y of conelderabte nu~mbers. The astaling in excel. lent, the grounds afford ampvle space for out-door orere'tion. Pam-tioalure, with plane, earn he had 21 days prior to the Wae, at the ITMnrt; of Messrs. Garrard and James. solicitorg, 13, Stoffolk-street, Pall-maill east: and of MSeasrm Fosler. 54 Pall-mall. ThITESSRS. HAMOND and EILAR will SELL 1271 y AUTIOIsat te Mar, onThursay, ept. 2 1, at 12. a PAIR of smI-dtachd C6TAGE, anwn a Tuor Cottages. Hamiltonroa, eoerorwod wlllet ad ro'ucrgLIle pruanum, held Anto, 28 Canon-ireot cIt; an of he actioeers ISonChancey lane.~~~~~~~~~~~r,2,Chney Loeanod fo 500 yer-Paddington. MESSERS. HAMMND and BILORT Will SELL L.Iby AUCTION, attebe at on Thur3day, Seteombe,94, atfl, In two lots, a PA'tE of ssmi-detace VI IL kS, 1ii and 20 Wegtbouine. rarls-road, near the Royal Oak, in excellent rem-air, well let at £44 and £44 per auncma rerspectively, and held for nearly 511 years at ground rents of only £8 9s, May be viewed, and psrtielowr had of W. Hitch. cock. Req.,lsoilcitor. 2. Stanrield-court, Temple ; at the Mart; and the auctioneers' office. 22. Chancery-bcne. Burton-place, 5Te_w._road_,ransI Mieed-bouelil,b re m W SRS stgagoes.- -' beLaeold hfouses. ESSRa.HAMMOND SIld RILOART will SELL MLJ irn A UCTION at the Mart, on Thursday, Sapt. 24, at 12, No. 9, EUISTON- PL&CE; et for three yerar, at £e60 e annum; held for over 50 years, at a moderate ground root. Aleo INo. 24, Nottinghamplace, Mile-end, near WhitechaDel Church; let for £019 per annuma, and hold for Ateut 40 years atea low gruand reant. May bre viewed, and particulars hwd of Messes. Mtead and Daubeny. sollilotrs,~ 2, King's Bench. walls; at theo Mart; and at the auctioneer's olfies, zit Clhancex-lane, unrwood,-llelightfal ilandGrens. m,ar tee C.ymsa Palace by Order of the Executers of 'P. E. Bav.Ree Esq. M'jESSRS. HAMMOND and EILOART will SELL £VIby Al: TION. at the Mail on Thursday, Sentember 14, at 12, EVESIIAM COTTAGE, Pilgrim'r-hill, one minuute'a walk fro~m tlas Lower Norwrod StatIon. coataining tire bed rooms, capital reception rooms, ample domestic office,, conservatory, ornamental garden, with lawnEs and fountain, kitoehn gerden. do. all In excellent repair. Theo villa and pord otot of the grountd arE cop;hold at a small fine, and tho larger portioss of the garden is freebol5. May be vjewel, and l'artiolanlr Of sale hiad of Messrs Rixon Son, and Anton.3, ACannon-efreet, city; and of the auctioneers, 28, banes;ry-lene. road. prode cing nelt iwrove renta of £77 Per snnuma. R. J H~P. ELFwill SEI L by AUCTION, aL t Oarrawray's. onbMonday, September 25,at 12,avery desirable long LEASEh OLD ESTATE. coomprWnin fouir six-oconed. dwellIng. hosres. with fore-courts and esaders In the rear, beng 13 14, 25, and 16, Ciarenjcnstreet. Cambetwell New-road, and 19, in Clarendon. Place, to the sear of the above, all let to rwrpectabr searly tenants3, at rents smortuinilg to £95 per annium; h eld on lease f,r a term of which 76 years were noesxSired at Mlchseeluas, 1859. at a ground rent of £18 pr snouts.May heview,. .andaaisotleJars hadat thePrinceeAlber., ClarndnotMt: at the Salmon and Ball, Betbrni.green-ro-asiat Garraway's ; of Hoary Asphley. Req.. solieitor. B. Chsrlen.square, Bisxtou ; and at l,tr. Sel s officer, 5 1, Crnwn.etreet, F insbury. 1O C. Sptaltle-mrvdrna of aboutt £310 Per annum,t well secured for bou 59rear. ad aPolicy for;£700, E-ffected in the Atlas Office, on th ieo hevrdreed 42 years. R. JOH P. SEF respectfully anloUnceeg that Mbe has receive Instructions from tas Prop.riecor. with consent of the Mmrtgagre. to SEL by A'UCTII 'N. at Garraway's, on Moodav, Sept. 28, at 12, in three lots, the IJFE INTEItS-eT' of a G&NTLE,. MAN, sged 42, In the following LEASEHOLD ESTATES:-Lotl wil romprise the Ears and Magpie Public house. the morner of Fleet-. s.reet and Now Church-street, Brickt-lane, bpitalfields. and 11 Houses. held under the same lease, Nms. 2, 3, 4, 5. ar-d 6, in Fleet-street, and Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. iu New Cbturchastreet, and 24. in Weaver-street ploduclug about £231 per annum; aliso a Policy of Insurance for £C720, tffected In thu Atlas Assurance Office, on the life of the tame gentleman, anneal Premium £32 140. Cd. Lot 2. A very desirable Leasehold Estate, e'nslsting of 31 recently-ercled dwelling houses, with the range of warehouees,I Nos. 3, 4, 5. and 6, in Splcer-etreet. Brlek.lane, and Ni"s 14 to 20 inclusive, In George-etreet m-, r0dcteg about £3283: the above properties are heid for about 60 years. at the respective ground munte of £e45and £54. LotS. A Leaehold Eltite. consistinigof threemezmugas, No.,. 13, 14, and 16, in St. Jobhn-etrcet. with the dye-heuse and buildings In the rear, and two meesuasees, Nor. 94 and 05, kisre-otrect; the whole let 0n leases, at rents of £110 per annumn ; heldk for 10 sears, at a rental ef £50 per annum. Max be viewed, and particuiars had at the Ram and Magpie ; at the Black Eagle, Brick-lobe, Spitaltields; at time, Saelmon and Bali, ltethoal-green.roaa: of Mrl. Donne, solicItor, 2, Frinces-streot, Spitalfields ; at Gairaway's;- and a6t Mr. Self's offices, 1,Crown-street, Sinsbusy. E6.1 Valuabe Freeold Bulding round, othEstate of Lad tictes at toe r'wigtn,Forsthfi,Foes-gte Finobley and Woods- 1~I R. OHN F,ShfLl' has received linstrulctions to ,LY sumitto ubiOOM PETITIOFl. at Garrasryey', on Monday, Septmbe 85 at12,In 8 lots, the following very desirable PROPERTES :Two ongLeaehbold Houres, Non. 1 ard 2, Woodland. cotace, porec-rod,Albert New-tsswn Stoke Nerlm-'gton ; Two valuble lutoof Btildnst Ground, 7fos. 324 and 322, in the Mitonroad wih ls miet of the side bounfary wall, on the plan of the estt of theoNational Freehold Land Society; Three Plotsof valuable Freehold Ground, Nos, 229, 230, antI 231, on the raise Society's, estate. at Foreet-hlill,Sydeuhinan: Five very valausle and detimable Plots of Freehold Building Grouind, en the same Ilociety's estate, at Wandsworth-hcemmot, Noa. 3377To 11 Incelustve, frontatge 41fm-, In., by a depth of 150ft, with a pasldok.plot in the roar, a ahort distance only removed from theo Claphasm-common Railway Station; COne Corner Plot, No. HI, and Six other Plote No3. 1118 159,110. 111, 112. end 112, on the Metrspoliftn Society,'s E8tate, at Fo'est-este, Stratford. Essex One Plot of Gsouud, No. 19 on the Plan of Torrington road, Finobieyocmmon, frontage 3it., by a depth of 160. The respective progasties Can be viewed and psartculars tact at the Howard Arms. andi ihakespears Tavern, Albert Now-town Estate. Stoke Newington; the Foresters, Forest-hill, Sydenham ; the Eagle and C-hild. Forest^gato'Swan, Strmtfo,d, Essex;: Torrington Arms, Fiurhley: Eagle, Wendsworth: P'loughi. Claphamn-comamon: Salmon and Ball, Bethnsi e:reen-roacd; at Garrmway's;- of Mr. Brown,l solicitor, FirEbury-plare, Fmnbury.oquare: andlMr. Selt's offices, 61, Crown-stet, i~Flinbury, Mo.G fotes, He-ars,Emeo n tii morel rifn Piauebid Furniloare, two 7Pias.0 fores,Hasonum,BarelUrgn,Plae nd IPlatedGoods, PrInta and Engravings, and an Astre.nomlcal Toelope. ESSES. W. RING and Co. will SELL by AUC. M LTION, en the PryemIses, 4, St. Edmond's.terramo Regent'spark. To-morrow, Septemrber 28, and foll6wing day, at 12 o'clock precisely, by order of the l'rnnrictor, who in teaving town, the elegant modem HOUdEaIOLD FUR2tNITU RE, comprising a double drawing. room suito. Iu rosewood and walnut, of chairs, easy- chairs, ouches, sheffone le,too sud other tables, elegant chimney and oonsole glisese in carved and gilt framges, two full-compass cottage pisnoorotee, harmoplum, D)resden and other china ornassente, bronrizo, do - the dIning. roomsunite in mahoganY, comprising extending dining k[tabesDedetal sideboards., chairs, cesy chairs, bookcase, large Brussels, velretnI u and other marpets ; the superior chamber furn.itreommeuiein of Arablan iron, arid other bedateads, Kinged wardrobe with vlate-tlaea door, oheval and toilet glasses, ma1rble-tsP Wuob-rtauds and dressing tahles, and the canal chamrber furniture ;a few fine prnts and engrartag dinne, derert andtea services, kitchen antdcuinry ut IiO MFoe the day prior and mooraings of sale; cataloigue on the premiese. and at the offices of the auctIoneers, 1, WelllUgtoo.ropAdS. .SLohn"nWOO' hale of Superor Mahnr ln,Uemiis ntePem_isesof-the British Soresr Relnr Copn,Ml-teet D'lhead. Betraondwyx A UGUTSTUS SMT i n tetd by the Directors £C3. of the British igrIenn opn tol S LL by AUCTioN on the above I'remlrs Tomro enesday, September 22 and 23. commencing eac a t1o prmt, the excellent MACEBLN. BUY PLANT, do., othSUA RPIBlyall nearly nes,jamong whinch may be mentinda2-orehg rsmue air engine, 2 fL Sin. stroke, steam oxylludr 1f. n.br,arditto, ftens ft., and two air veesls, 4 evaporetin pruonBse r'.Procure, with steamn gauges attached, two of Besmr' uarcrn machines. liquor pumaps with brass valvew blow-ups rcing veswEsl and wrought-Iron ha:g fiter boxes 27-feet hydrauict lift,with Ducip~pipe, and clatern, 2 powrerful y. draulie presses with pumps and 150 wrought-Iron plates, large sugar. crushing machine with knives and rollers cenper basins and ladles, ai Powerful driving mnachine. five charcoEalefilters 18 feet by 5 osab wrought-iron cisterns, 240 brass barrels, sunidry hales of etocklug on' filtering bags, 12 charcoal trucks. Pateni cram-en about 2,500 luma o piece moulds, stocks, die4, a quiantity of tools and nails, liquor cans, a hooks, sampling irons, a quantity Of useful wrought and, catIron. netlM and many other valuable items,. May be viewed two days prior to af, btwen 0 nd oclck,an caalgues edfrom Memysrs.C Secrtar totheComspsy 9 Grot owe-steet E.C,;at the worksandof ututueSmih, 3, l3olslmbsry,Chepnie,B.C., and 255, som Chsint eldng,Mal Paotn, ndnearly now Set of Piatee JIR . W. WARD begs to announce he Wil SELL drawm,mable-T wahstads,toilet glasses, Brussels and other carpets, fenders aln {mrOuL, bed and t%blila bisad l,. , fine Prints framed and glared, iron safe, and numerous kito en effeate, May be viewed on Monday and morning of sale. Catalogues on the premisee; and of the auctioneer, 7, Walwortit.road. ffodern H _oushold ]iii7woPanfrtsMaqetse aint Console uses 71 by SO, an al,wt o an Effmes rai~emove from Greer-street, ESoho. al, iht~ n fee eoe R. E. THCOMAS Wil SELL bY AUCTION, at his Gallery, 38, Wecestsr.square, THIS EVEN-ING, Septemboer 21, at 6, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE; comprisng a, drawing-mreo suite Of rurtalus, cornices rmewood chairscohe,adaycai, walnu-tre chefonirlO. Scard,uand fancy tabes Effetsy.pat Brssl hoarpt fedrrlwhIs adfre-irons. o ML.o thlny-ses Prmane lcs,a chi0 na ae riaynd mrexts, Sp.2at Ipfor 12 pInfrtel, mahogn chmairsing leaNThe,cUch and eas choTs, ribrary table tand Paldngo,racoe dinin mfabottresss bituessad bedding, madrble-topt wasfollods, pltd- as chin, glss,and itcEnty reqle.AO. w atynd caalogeshda The rooptms, mr"vr,batiu faute t ot n at No, 75,fewm tean-trqee, thxfirdantre.Mrlome, 20 ovtr. ofrl DaidO 360ts PIcte.Whres tine Scultors, naneiafxd tuodryyEpiects, Mh2rgialiylg raOBISO Myoisewetrodasplo,e d by r. Old 1 IOn te, rehots reirng, ato ELotermn Mhv,ontl Frdynxt et 2nd Datw12gfo by ModrncAxtel t the eman wuItIT tY and ic E iECs "anS-otaee to the piano, as colet plabouce~ piturs chieoomsy1 Old monde-naists, on follosdyOkoe F. GtIOeoodak Aprecsl,. anmdwlinclud S. ThIS DeaneUtder dsermntaned arLk'dHowr,RA,Bxe oh ibr Faulkner Dolmo Delie Simsnt& The okeultre co Crises erbatfLw sautefScott adWt S3ue o fo Heoatiqe,rh Ifn Moses a Vitckeirl - . 0teWHunth aritsNamib fixdt wuanypctr the orginaliqtywi guaratee, May be viewe tw ag ror n ct1 Lonsihton, Essx. jfESSRS. BROMLEY and SON WMl SELL by M AUCIXON, on the Premises, Debden.green, L)uzhton5bu a uileo and a. balf from the R&ilway Station, on Thursday, SeD mbet 24. at 11 for 12 O'cleock, by order of W'illiam Natha,.. Esq.. remevingt tOwn, all the genuine aknd modern well manufactured atOUSEHOLl) FURNSITURE, including an elegant rowewood drawing room anite, old Port, tyro cases ampagne, two valuable cows, two sta o mneadow bay, and oen stacok of clover, handsome bay mare. phbseon and hasrise, Pigs, abottt 100 bead Of Ponltry, Ifelwfoundiscd dog and numerous other effetct. May be viewed on the Wednesday previous and morning of sale. Cat3logues hbel oak the premLses : thes ock, Epping, Blue Boar, Aldgatte; the Cing's Htead and Crownx Inns Loughton: Bu'ad-faced Stag, Woodford -, place of Bale ;and of the austioneers, 17, Oommerelal-coad, E. InBnsutcy.-To BersPuicans. and others.-Absolute lise ofa Licensed Pbl-se,near the Naet India Docks. 1jESSRS. B O LE nd SON will SELL by ML AUCTION, at te Auiction MJart, on Friday, Scot. 25tb, at 1U. by order of the Auiagnees of Mir. William Chicken, and with theaconsent of the M'W~i oevaluable LE&SE and GOODWILL, with Vorssswlon, of the IR(N BRIIDGE TAVERN, East India-road, dlensrably situat.,, in ft z, of the high road from Cowmasrcal-road to Barking, and uear the two scincipal entrances to the EAast India Do3ks, held for 25 )ears, at a moderate rentr. May be viewed. Particulars bad of G. Giodt'lard Enq, solicitor to the assignees, DIi. Wood-street, Cheapal le; of Pry and x1rey, aoll4-tors SO Oheapeble; W. Whsitmoro, Esq. ofiIlasgnee, 2, Eooingbiall-street; 'M Pritchard, Dock Housa, REastInia-= o; place of cuts: and of the auctioneers 17, Oommercl.al*road, E. Nefat lcdia-ros,. MESSRS. BROMLEY and SON will SELL by A'UCTIONT. at the Mart, on Friday. Sept. 25, at 12, in twol ohs, a newls.bullt, DWELLI NG.HOUSE and S1HOP, adjoiningz the Water. annehm; alauCngarsecal Dwliiang.h nde 8 PynOutrest,-Ae atis Sthe Eat ndaroad ; fMsr.Wlke.Ga and SO aTtinen SoLLcibrv ML, AUOTION, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, S'ept. 25, a-t 12, biy nader of the S.iburba~n aud Gcoetlsa Mutual Blenefi Building Society. 21 EZEOLOPLOIS f vluale UILINGGROUND, slinuto as GeenLea-iae,Withmssw ;and10 reeoldPlots, near Forestgat Sttln, trafod. ssx, ay e iewd.Particulwar had at the srinoaranusat althmato; o 0. . Rndsl, Eq., FO'dctOr, merelal-rovd, If. ~ ~ ~ ~ 7, om Ratoliff, MESSS. ROMEY nd ON illSELL by tiruarshadof Mssr. J andT. addleyand Son, solicitors, 4A Lema-steet Godma's-eld; paceof ds;and of the auctioneers, The valuable Lease and Godwl of the Lion Public-heouse and Wineo Vaults, top ofi Nor'th-street, Whitechapel-road, and other long, Leaso. bold Property at the esstcem pvrt of the town. MESSRS. BROML]XY and SON wil SELL by' tA.UCrIOl,. at the AuctonuMast, onFsiday, Sept,.2 at 12,the LION PUIiLIII-OUSEZ, by order of the propriets,r, Mar. R. G3,Grj'MeS the otherLmeaehold Propesty by order of the survivint Executor an3 Trustee of Mr. Benjamin Charles Grimes, deceasedl, in five tote. Lot 1. Dwelllns-house. 24. New.ntreet. at the hack of the Lo.don Hospita, itt at £22 per annusm, lesse 49 sears, ground rent £ea 8.. 0,. Lot 2. Two Biousee Nor, 02 and 63, L%Wsad-atreet, near the Earl of Abcs-- dsen,Grova rond.Mi;o-end. rental;M3 per aunusuteate 75 years ground srunt £1. Lots 3 and 4. Nos 12, i.3. 1t, 18, and 15, Welli.gton.stroet, Old Ford-road. Victoria-park, rental £115 per annum, lewas 44 years, ground rent £10. Lot B. All that newly and substalntialy modernbuilt Publie-houso, the Lion, in Tappo-street, North-etrea-t, Whltechapelsoad ofcommndIg eterir ad elvaton,doing a profitable full. Lricedtrad, clouosideachicedig ce0 aouh thuebpaym antsfo £2 ret.th Mayretieed Toamrticwar eDmbad at the LiOON. T Pp-ORe. nembarigl the Bat h onies reltad Archt and Tre. Uiadee masd SOn, solctoers e4ton. Pear-ticuet: of G.ssr. TaHuesn,Fay,23 Wilumke, ab-ney Tind abury, soicios e rodsre;plc fsl; rdo h Louighton, close t tHe ortou-hlt ciieotmet Plotsof reol Land, R.MARMADUKE MATTHEWS will SELL, a ofth armot~ ToemisableF teEmOLD 22 TAi E se inat aoll 18L acrd) esuracnaral th hihToadfrtontpages, fnaned Iesntn modeat fevour othe erctios. artiumar of . . HzludsonrNeiof 2%Buck Lewrsnory andat r. athew' ofJes, udnebury Mantbewenon Ce it-rodueri Tinsbury-ndWrqsas. ret,Fisbrysqr. HollitAion-puat, Hornzey,-N n ,Eetano and as.dLog MR. AMARItIADUKE MA&TTHEWS will SELL,a i.at the Mart.To-morrow, Septebe 22, In separate lots. Nos. lanud2 S of Ths an TdoricVblesmi5Tador-doREand NOEad , caPercy Eleanor Vi lla-s,Troetllnokn-pae. Toffingbtonps- lsfinished Invesmoens-no taste,o tEdvalueofn5 e anmec. ParticularsfMeF ir n Sof, Poessrs.Lhawbren, Glewand TBabyeld5r, ld,ews and at Air.. MathethjUews oFlacs.ury n-hr Pabnteccon. City-road, and Windmirl-stetuFu'us-,msss Brixwell-buidltwxsiese, Rmtudopr nd cya Vellamnoo the St. Ehoats'sl Lad tSRSntwoo. andOEdmonton. . O ER S M EL yLACTO, at the MasrtomorwSp.2. inuseparat osU, DNmesIan2, Edmonon. artiular of erar. Hid aneron for rotlnd.ehamrs, a Gret Tichied-srse ad t Sc. attew' ofics,yinbe r viwe,anteohoteon. Olty-voad. near FiEsbnpl-s,uHol. MESSRS. Hf. BRO N ndTA, OERSwl MIJ SELL)by AUCOTION, at the Mart, ono Thursday, Setember 4.at 12, in two lots, the R cptlmdWeLLoNerHOUSES beIn N r, 1, 5 toS 2o2 ixnclie Alert-street, as. IOLeonar's-road oomup.tlet tof Mesars. Georn, BandOte respectawoletndantrs, ;tat rue amouStrntin te or£0ide,o peranum,ondstheld directfrom ethensireeaholdr fod sbout rooyear, atd a geroundo trent on £3her num peahoswhoustie, Mayabe vEwd, nOd prseintdopariculargs hr.d of W rINewted.w ereof. 18, Ey-pace,Hot boxprn; ,and ofrentro. Henrys. Brsown4 an .. Roberts,wn as Wything mofehtonusietlaze cto ly, Wne,WJlmm n o,a h o trend,of i140-catsncrneran hemir,lutal for a pum weeo bliccompeany wisOn tthposenssint;ls arne welscred lrebaseod Invesment.od Ki dD,an oton UBtrOWN a0,nd T. A, m-yrd.oErgtS weell ofC mRyAUnTON,tat the Mat,e Thurbsd -ay, Sheptembe 24,do foe manyyears known asdT.A Roberts,2In theroccupation ofMesrs Theare dabbz and Co., Jwolendearrs si-tuhate 34t Strand, oth-e coiro Eelnto-totTcmrs. ing stextensiventshapdand.hwrosn PocBsEnL willtbegiven.m oa afore tr, wheoreof abou 43d yeast and unexplloired, ys,at etor£0 l2 la a odeGStand knownMrR as Wiyatts, Coffeehouse, leased toaies,rs.aWinte,d lias andrb nd Co, egant the iw peren.o s£demerannum bandeheld fror handterm%hreof, aboutl41 years gWeft pg~iatronrriredn, at ret f o£3 herarnum. May bIe stoieswe b prer- misslo ot th teans Print prticunclar,slhadofbMessrs. Codeds boagdoupland 8efl gots,oliodsradeffe10. KingsAms-ard Monrgatourdaytan Effets ireoc.-utrt.CVen-adn ESSES. DEBENHAMN, STORPR, and SON Twil S ELL, at their Rooms,a igabore.t TCo-enorirowdte d ais. DAnd two folloingudays at 11. a GOLI ad VALtNOENCENNEy VS res, Eagnds boandGeevails watesIne woldenaelot-ban doeplaigld armd silver casles,andiu and mien oder ndcocsinbronz ade,s'o egantdprerwsu sbawses,d ladtles' sandgnles,gulmen'sdestingroes with effer' a laeiitig opraglses,igoldchaiKns, .-imndandrbll ~ s lgntmpis beart2, and emerld pracielet, a elbuoothes,vandeamn siLLnglesonSe en wluth wernbibackm rnspin,and orn,pesther ortsamea, andbeinstones, atdress suite- ofe,streeuoci.. a Roman mosi necklae,Mr Fails-er at o an siebard pate S heffin eld goods, andm ef fJ ets., iew on daystforn biantm.eun1a51 tarowgn Laua,drentoh Silks,Vesers. Brom.otaibsfleskuts andpatSulrs. At cndtirus.of e-On View. at te flcl~ Iinsa DEBm ewnanadHarper.soltoRR HandleSON wfll the ofstbiol. atctionBe USSLond and-VtrectIEGreeSwLAh. Gresiwics, Knt.maliLeaeh seold Estate. ,LVJatSetut,opro,itea the Bank ofEladontdesa,pem her 23,lyat 2 fort3surstantial bwell-builtprvt D WLIG OUE withnardenglbackandatth fontt,pleascnlybitatean bengyNo,ar,sths. sIdne-gos.premiesnwich,lastlet to tHe W later Mr.lo eanleyaeto£2pr anudehl n lolasge.for a term of;aof e whears, leessn30pdays,atrOmbCrirtmar, 1851, at ah low groudrnt of £3 Oo per annum, May be viewed b em& aindofpthetluan,ai ntolars and conditions of sale had at the at tepinia inns ; aotMessrs.newmAn and Harpt ermA t . solicitrs,.Hadlith folk arendwfteaictio ndofte.aLondo n-tee,Greeonwich.k reuicx R. (JA.DORwilCSLL by AUM C- MITO at the Mart, npoiea the Bank of England, by Wrdner of the 2txrudes o ther,lass2 trs S.oWaltek r.oWedneday. Sept. o 23.ate2nforg of hre 'e rirs.a mSt.s sa)tr ntial ot b ick builtrDWELLIG-HOUSE and-bl PIOVMONE R'SIDNCSHO,with lrgemsofgardesahkpaIndtheren,arconmondlwgth so-ituate at t t fo t ofBicksatbhll faors an deiblyetar,the withamna threvmnuea'ry inncosthe rntwfsba peRanum;yhetdtron,em tomastat,a the law rents oa£m e num a evewdbems thMart; aoth pariniat nn;omesro.an .Biso,soiiot Lewinam,If et.~estrble easeoldEsatmet. lIA . A RIHARSO wil SLL y A CTON, IdSepembr, t 2for3 oclok peciely byaredosrofte executo3rsa RanIVaTEyRbuIDNES witolrg gardensbckindtfontheaind onewe sithucate-,an andtd stl Dab ostb delgtul situatdeo writhe,in threeYminues wakg h eihtarailay estaton,d l toms ElC10 heatoMh. aid beng eo.I n 2 andei tersae,Ledwi-stam-road, lemondMrs.wappin and th r.le tbooutliu,matresp ettaleekanulytenants, a theEar ofDarmouh. or tem o scrs.OtHeldhfor aweremunepire at Ldy-dy lst, t se vey mderae eoenglreund f£2 O per f 6 annu. liay b vieed b leae ofthe respective tenanta, and pri cular andcondtion of 'le hd atthe art; at the principalto; lioness-. London-street, GreenwGich.wicb Decised Bemsdsy..-opialLesehldInesMe?Dnt. al I-L LITL DA P s---isabxiegs to rantounc iiiWi1t;1 in-, p etructed to SELL by pubisa AUCTION, at h is Sale BIon,. 9, upiper Ormond-nsity, Dublin, on Tuesday, the 6th October. attbe hour of litothe afternoon?, tnozonetot, the fins FREEHOLD ESTATfE of Brenter, situate to the parish of Inver. on the mal road frum Donehal to Killyega, near the post-town of Dtunknhmely consisting of the town lands of Brenter (upon which there Is an excelent house and fenr.buJdnedlgsl. Seabill, noocknahorus, Tosregee, Rofoarty Towneys gorunm. Tievedooley, Drnmmenragebh and Orumiss, oonaining about 1,64statute acres of arableand pasurlad, theg e which Is In haund, and the remailnder is occupied by yearly tenanti. Partou. Ia and conditions of sale, with plan. may be obtained of tesr. Currie. Woodgate, aod Willams, solicitors H., Liuoln'g-binn.Seldsi, London, W.C,; or Messrs McCestrland and Featherston, solicitor, 21. Well gton-quay, Dublin: and at the office of lbs auctoneer as atove. Enfaeld, Middles=x-Dedriabla Freehold Esae,omprisug Cottage Resdence, with Garden, AacndT wo Cot oining, together with 41s-e of Bulding L ant rPHOMA3i CO PO N wi SELL, by order of the - bMortgegee, by pu lc AUCTION, at Gars-away's, Cornhill, on Wednesay, October the 7tb, in two Iota, a convenient detached DWELLING,with chairs-house and stable, good gardsn, and productive paddock: alwo Two brick-biult Cottages aoluoinlng, together with a highlByvaluable Piot of Buildingc Ground, facing the lew Church. ad. mirably adapted for the erection of villa eidascoes being on the sum- mitof Clay-hll, Enfold, icomanditnlg rich andvaried views, andwithi aneasydriveoftw station s o n thude Grmgeat Nor-thern or Eastern CoarDeb Ralways. The whole tithe free, 6 and land-tax redeemed. Mayh beiewed any time preious tol the sale,rand particulars bad at othe> GeorgeIn, EnSeld BasmeansOdY Cron,bfu Clay-hll;atws Oars-aa' An Unreserved le of an entire House of Furniture, Willesden, near the church, fire mseg hornfromLndon, and one mile from fthe Railway station, MR. CAYLEY Will SELL by AUCTION11, on the iLPremises, on Wednesday, Sept. 23. at 11 for l2pnnctnsllly, akn entire HOUSE of XUENITIJ0 E! comprising rosew ood c and card tables, oauch, cheffonler, large chimney glaazes and four glcendoles, cornices, cutatais, a pianoforte, Kidderminster, Turkey, and Bruasels carptet and rugs, chandeliers and Orcamenuts, dining room chairs, extending dining tables whatnot, las-es ouch handsome dinn" er,um vice china, glass, French clock and Mluts-es, ladies' wardrobe, clean feetties beds and. bedding, wool and heir mattressos and linen, snazble. top nd the wahatnds,malogay cest ofdrawers, four-poet and Othe besteds, ll he ometic nd uliaryarticles, gas-Sexer's tools and ardn frniure useul raymar, nwgst of harness, and a varity o micellneou prpert. Ma beviewed the dayI previous neIgbouhoo; ad oftheaucioner,18, miiflg4 inns~ m the ~9Ula~-3lagkgt, ar4 WaitliaroAbbe , irgz 5, Cotmsght-terraee, grdgeace-rsAd.-Abeoluts e,Sl the lese of the FPremsnes eHDhing.-TO Grocers, Parnifies, Nixtuxe BrkeMs and PETER BROAD will BELL bY AUOTION. - sbe Pre-elsey mumDAY Sept, 21. at A2 th. epgonl. MxWns.and UMM In rado of a Groce and Italian comprising te:~ co1fee; rugars. spies., rydIa, sanoes, Pickls, J-6 JeUm Bdt or , broomne brusbes, mabogan,.loj ODntecS, n-sl ot drnwers, &heving gam fittlngs, canisters, acales welghta weighing mnachines, mill, ic. Also a feW iota of ueaeu Housaehld tamritnre on vIjew morning of sale. Catalogues au the Premises; a nd ofthe auctioneer, 28, Poultry. In Ba kptcy.-Re Fetey Lawrence. grocer, 3, Wlndtor.pla~oeOld Kezeat-roal.-Abvohute Sale, by dIrection o theAsges R.PETER BROAD will Si2LL b y 'AUCT ION, ,L. nthe Premise, To-mrromw, September 22, at 12, the genuine STOCK In TRADE, comPrising 400lhs. bl.,ck and green tea and cofke;s One ton raw and refined sugars, rises, fruits, jan,, lelile; ic. the ixturea and uteniAls, tncluding mahoganys countes nests of drawrs,scal.. eigts, weghing machines. mnlles, gas fittings; alan a .few ot o ozltt,1ousehod Furniture, And, at 2 o'clock precisely, the beneficial Leege of the promises Toal partIculars of which, with catalogues mOay be la On the premises ;of Messr. Eil and Mait. 28,ws, solicitors, 1, Bary-Opurt, st. M8ry-mx(i ; end Of the auctioneers, 2,Poultry. on view day Prior and rmorning of silo, EUPerior Household Furniture aud Zffects f. r absjlute rlale,-2~0, Jameas?-place, Pall-mall.,tt B.F PETER BROAD will h,ELL by AUMVION, as above. onl Wednesday next September 23 at 12 all the substantial HOUSEHOLD FuRNITUkE aLd EyPE6S, comprisng an eleantwalut-reedraingroom anite, Sranl-h mahogany, dining roomsuie, ahoany edsead, wrdrbes3, bo0o0c,talbd ding libary urnIure,do.On viw day prior aud arning'. ad. Cataogue onthe remies,and at Mrt. Peter B.road's, 28, poultry. Vialable TonRsdee 0S. Ure'spa allml,wt m mediate poswasson, for alouoand unorseerved Sale, by order of theo No. I a,O BROADsis instrc ed To SL byWm ansbig Fuhz trsrv,O athes.Peremises,ra Sable,o AleD edyet,O Prtttlmberv 23, husat, thept. 24,at 12AEo the ambovet dmAoSIOn cOmprSinHtOL drawng roem, dopining rom. si be drooms bepdluooe,d and heldtoo atptendgs nmialhretal ofd£120 pea annum.he Maybes cheied iarferto theaic, ndY partsklulnlars qad of M, SNto1a,chall-tk , Lwdeseqaee Kl8hbrger. TouFamlid FunsIg uniture, feg-Brokes ndutrs-eemir Salob-drcinfTuse,L 1JR. PETER BROAD Will'SELL bY AUCTrION, ,LV On the Premise, on Fhriday,et. Se5. 24 1,at2 the geubmstantia axnde, moder OuSeHp;OLmD BrisNgteas. o cfmprstinag, meogany1c hor-oldrlt-and otet betead,ethned Cbieds Pandfoteddineg ches,ts o Mooe on the premises .o on sthaurtlo,riSep, 8er, Poultpr. Stork, ande (IxturesofLa G Uroceand ClrrroeDrrjo rsehntd Foh. ftJrR. PETER BROAD will SELL byI AU hCTION andJ onther Premisesd, oedng Frda ept.23 at d12,- thignuin WTa oCan ortIhe taines, hottmer cese, lard,g bacon, =o; c ounters cabvingt held for ea lngtrm at clavr owmrebntal.Mady,beviosewefr hect s)OUIO ma ror.u f ae Catalogues, withe Paretes or, on the sfremioses: of autoer2 oultry. housld untu l egnd etoe Cbnto P enoote and RErfec,s- lrR. ETEO A BROAD will SELL bY AUCTION, l To-oth rerows,s oenesdaturndhday. Set' Sep 8 teme 22 precielyth usefl mder IIUSEOLDFUT NITUltRE andprila maoxa adothe 12 deeahday, bhedding, cthest oUl drwr,car,sfsr n eothertbls chMPiney A 6nod dressing roaoe,m bgillantitoned cabinet bIanofre, sundr airticle of machinrus,es andv MIou defiectsOnver Hi bhooh, Esex ne igLh Bhton Statin oexr.ln.Exdl YIjR. T7HOM SFXwl SEL bynoaUCe,thaONh 24,at12Eac a,tewoe theFRITUR PANdS teproerCySo the reIecthe hete3E laeM. Cbn na heln' Oas Highm chimeyt and pe-lses uay troe ela.and tiodrninAutirar pets azndy rug, smi-rn infrt ySoat tleoed tal.rsdbard,- M-and dintbing room chaja A Prabian, onurs n tenbdseas INd furilles prime gooefAUThe ONeds hait and Woolrmttrese Tandm bedding,'wrdonbues,rcest Fof Draw om nd ThuaA26r furnitue, hinare ando trsee, eHelen kithe requi, (site,ay bead viewedthe dray'prlaevious an moerig ofsale, andt& cataloguers haduOn theprn ies and of ' Mcoer. Thoma Box,e aurtyne, hoseadCstt aget,d 3 B<idnhop_egale-strde wfithin. tr ndFthis_a (uu TrnHeoAStry FOX bnets tof, PullcCm palny. h h iV SRSAL NfvEualeORN Ind GA PLANT, the proErty of theTlace r.at thin RIl OTM TAKE PldLoCete, Ts reiously, advoertse,hesine t)hatingpbeeoDaposed Ofcl by vlnation-Arbleeioa and afsennooy fcs. 3 BrilabOn gte-steet withidy nd. arig f MIWRLUCK3att N wiom l SELanAUTIN at teaheto n zIo, fiei 14. Cockstiur-aretlbrn.on hurla Rips,.24th, t hal at3o ,tel E~ OS n HP 25, GaV-tn-lan, alo tree Hores,Fe ,,3 us' ed len,and ftbesctlueer 10 Sekeshry EO Old end-tree,- edll-aisleaffie. Fururniue and Fittings, a Chuo' 1ESSPRS. MEWTONw andr GACLAIST will SELL ML, bY AUCTION, at the Boms, as, aOld , B oorondske, TID Set, 21. athe 2b gen irecF]TionRf thepOriciaMnagroer,o tab1-fetmlmogbanyBliA s D arpets and TrEE PErDESTALe TpgaBLES 24 matefazid chair-ps, aCndb iron bookas,fsbe ?~ kin ma--equ-- and mLscell.neouoeffertice. OnrviewdSaturdaynandmorning ofsae~.d Catalogues hato therooms, and ato Mesrs. Baertn,n Oarianvs teifice, By 14.er Mekprsreetook.28.Ren-tetan s Mli,Aou am tonow DRapels, Clothier,Outtr,adlbeasr M thciPrltom, 2on Foe-stee. 2it, onadedy eth SoCf oir MrD ROMaShl, dr3.n atsreet, WR wrh GNRf "RAPeR, rna rndateuStocsfM.Smril,Cohe and Woollenfrntu Drapelr,Dnerptfior, all9i prtme ndliout'oon d NoA Caroline-street Beaflsad-MieraK t,-upnpety of andeffet.o a 50 0- S ST ELVINS (with SEL. ACOy S wUCIlNSLL 25Lh epmbyrAUCt IO o theiey PremisLE, as above, SLS To orow,tSetu.2 igatn, h gensfucinasresTotN1tRE, comprsin rfZortDewood table;sts of chinrs,Brss% cu ret and ruledges, Ane-ic ne semi-gowran panoforther saothofdining table,oidbards,4 10e maof ayheis6 drawers, glzdb Cwash Mandb misellaeous teffcs nve day prior,andnmorningofguale, an ca~taloguvy witu ueshdothprme; ofd id. Sak o te, Wueyb'deS-teratopBys wteral Br.aUtiroos, 229 Relnt-ereet auldnd LeesadMlin Su R. GSSRS. E. will S.M LERE SELbLUCIN on AUrVJT a the Pretutes, on ednesdy, Sept,3,a 12, theoy FctoberGS offiveldHue mosD plOMS,t drawigromant in whaae uf yfet,I chimey glassesO', path, honmoe i ant and felouer faren.e chdina gthes, rand ustaefu gardets Mayne wd th daympious yand. catalgus had ath M.Oslrdatro s of MalShe, 1 r9. vTrlttenha acnxt-roat 4 ,.A A COholletdnn Fottuilsand Minerals, Arathetprprt ofuthdiRgv, i,. Mun tbln.ctle. Mbodto ofw Bmtall O nd,Nothre Devon, o Co lMR.t o. lad C. te STEEN buildn SUis~lyigeath AU TION at MBIet nteooultons of. Krng-owert, Coat-gre,o rdy the lw;n f;3 e igand2 Pinsrctv sre of M3wLn,i the Ceolmogno erth leon, tiner. Joh aamieas ofIut.MPb iwd and plse gm,Ariten weaponslo war, and other T'louh nntat, mahogany ca:e of ar.Hoi drawers. glakred showcase., Gido. Mayd be viewd on the day prior, anodtaloigue hanGnifrd. BleTo Srre, withi Famiezand afo thehWedotberise ttino theSot-WesternBlTtlW il.O toel Rlene AICottae,AgrL.b tuX rael o B thedns Prcopmodation andTg Buldng th ad ste 1IjE OfS FnU .LLTIE and A.M lliEfORSPst ArllaSEL bnd Fremc baUOtelON, wagbt thuds, Ion.m Br120aleet ron esday. adotober 8 chiat 2,avery , carpensableACOPHOLD,e chair-, EODh known asbSing fiewld Hencpe, motgleaesandi situaer infeth village ofvi-ewedI theda freontiof the housen is salawn and catlowrgaren, WAn on the promire Su!iftchen garen~ and a commodLeioshm sRen. Itintoth a Copyhol Cottbse ethefloingT Agricultual uilins, Buin,r ham,stabing.catte ehds, ow sall- Bell andgthrs pleo oftacrso. Modton lad adaptsed for buwildingopurposes, yin nearou the oniTbaBof B3ldlrida, Inthe 2t ocupa 2tio of Mr lowambrdat the low Irentsely cacti TAnnE, Togepsrwithn ban Apble, Conieslad.fettunte e. baest e Ch-,Arlokand a iece oftMeo Lrand, Inds thComo nuMernd, ltto pMrt. txarn7 WhitteI, at "other lowenko £8u- ls. areari. Th swhl extndin overbot.. rgates sofe ene land.e Mayd~~t c.a be viewed.adpitdarcurshdt the PlougheIn, sur lec: an f Mest rse Hoont, Leyan, akrhsilr, uid Rahord;-and ofte, autoneer s,reGtod ahomiug, and flidontrd. ijn oTa,se?o,d, ltestureenle- remopholsterers,rand dtherd (IB. _ COBICHTTDwill SELL boy AU CTION, b ebisen_ ge Ronm THISDay. Seteme 122, at 12. then Tof inde HOUADEEo n POLS'UNTBIR; comniatag fou paost Arnia, andIrnbd Frnc eTo-mrreod -ashstan9, tables.-et w maoapy, from ewoo, ndothe dtressin ancigsgEleatwe ande othrnifetue. May be liewed thned d. prctaedingtand morijngofosale, and cardaloushd Conlr the premistes an,I o the atLiber and Bokneryod LTisab' m, iant RE,n utci Neinet n-casrewlay, e fl:onrhwarlk,-T vaaIj ronmoners BdUaChina raphvoJsterAeiPrtICabynetrder,of theianis nd oters MR. ATWKIN'beg ntriot xntot SEL heywUCTSELL b JikAoTn.V t the Prmss eingoom -causewbore YBeregh, ponertyhursa aend Foriday h 24th aond thc of Saeptme aot 12row 1 raecIsey, onch22 day, theL anpemstlo and Owel seletedITRY IDClONg E'p STorK-anwelTRADE, compisin mbrassy poles. coornm and ittng,bells, bellcarriage. pllsandcraes,bras coles. bs ins cloarrlus, lok-furitur book, rngs an oter ras gods,toonumrou tobehn paertIcuarIe regste etves feder, tol heeanwtols, nutMa beo cviewed te day peceedng tt moriugnf sal. C onestolTe obtine ho efets. Onview morntug ot sale, and catalgues may be had ol the aluctionee. SO. London.walL. In Bankrnptcy.-Rte J. D. and T. 7U. Gotch. ba.krupls-To B3rewrs Innkeepers, and others._A Freehold Estate, consistinsg of the Rowell Brewery and New inn Pubtic-boure, do., at Bowel], Northamiptenshire, MR. GEORGE BATES is instructed by the AsaigMi. noee urder the above bankruptcy to SELL by AUCTIONi, at h Moyal Hotel, Kettering. IWorthaimDtonshlre on frIday. October 2,at5 In the afternoon a FREEHOLD k38TATX consistting of she Mawell Brewery, the New Innt Pablic-housa, and Five Tenements adjoining the brewery, all sidtuate in the Principal stret of Powell; also about one acre of land, with the stable and hove' thereon. The brewery comprises an eight-qarter plant complete, wish horse-power for mashing and pumpnplg, large underground tanks, with an unfailing supply of waiter, capita6l cellarage, and every requisite for carrying on the buidness,lt am excellent publio and prnvate counexion. The New Inn Public-houme is well known to and frequented by commercial travellers and others, and has unusualy extensive accommodation for a consld3rable trade, good ftabling. gardeti. ko. The brewery plant and fixtunes to be taken al a valuation, and Immediate possesson may be had. The five tenementa adjohuter. the brewery will ho sold eIther togetoler with the same, or assa separte lot. They are let to respectable tenants, and produce, at moderate rentals,, £16 4s. perr annum. The whole of the premises are In good condition. A IO-quarter maltiug is now occupIed with the trewery, the tenancy of which might be con. tinued by the prcasr. Tiodw the prMlses apply, at the New inn, Rowell; and further information mnay beobtained of Mr. Garrard and Mr. lamb, collcitors, Kettering ; or of Messrs. Lawrane;, Flews, and Boyer, 14, Old Jewry-chambers, London, Handsome and neerly new Furniture, doubls-actlen Harp Pianoforte,, 20 Oil PsLintings. do. IAESSRS. JONES anid B.ONHrA will BELL by ILAUCTION, at 7, Bristol-gardeus, Maids-hill Paddington,oa Wednesday, Sept. 23 at 1 punctually, the L0ONTU1TS of the abovle MANSION, ,consis'ting of superior furniture for the bed ehambeas of every dencription, spring mattresses, and bedding, a costly,mlke of drawing-room furniture in Walnut, covered. in rict daianisk: wo pianoforte-, by Molt, Strand: double-action harp, by Egan, No, t,203; large lookingIr dglase, or-molansttfne ad CT em emeilbanta. nth inigroo anT irr r 2can in moroono, a sota an;d thre asychir tomach.a inng abe, hre xtra flaps and case for o., andsmelycared ideboed, umbWalter, sofa table, eiht day ialby anthny,20 aluale il aintngs prnts illot,str ligible Jehold and =_mshoid Invesimee th6ke Oarabs, Pd otkShe BseIn4 Od K* sZ:d,* EL_ oKS for SllbYVOonBEALd are Instructed to 1.~~VA. SBUS by atGagrwaqt aIs,ODsuhil on X., ATE1.in01loxs TWO *ZiuaiEOIM o0. 3 and hoD. d oertk oelr peodage £64 aanitm'y and yr ee Old ent-Tad o let to weekly teIuney. Two Leasehodld 4eo aBd 2, =8l an Colta=eet. ena t tbe t-rd, Wnodui s IlE~jear blc e Six alx-ruoozwl Be Bernd Leo If,5l g17, lon Muneprsd tems and t to wek tantm SEa LAsetld M Slm StoR HouSw Sd.tw Grges e,3ece. m 5 a dSL fromSp Do ner oals Tenellbl Dlatuond 8lraber lste ld,be and graaphsb X Peck. In CnerY.-" Xcu of -cte- ChoietFand ciast RSe wl BIts, and BEAM pru instannmto Plot oFreehold Building Land, at Busing & PabOT. snaO th d,u 10& frDorchester, Iboth Statbe bs.Househ Furniture,2 tra an d BAodr bleat Lllxaryf Tor l ArdEugtonxBEeet aren InstrutedOt jESSRS. B N and BST wiBll SELL 'by MAcuablenE t =awandwAP aog, May.(Csmb HOLD priOPatelY orders on 3Ih ?Old)u, mosl nd= the r1kh The Dnd cataloguee I beiUlng pre par ed may sho rty h had Is each at Huthonse kanttfrk oand tue dpngrm and of thd e aucgtire;ers,0 Theccadrlly, anaW. OttOtNUM,= V b o) TheprEintedprtis eFeeholdad tate,esiden , andAcroes MeI4s WoodS.briOg S and BE,Aoltos U wridge SEL byTwU iLId AFRtEI atl GamweraM, Choadnill eT CuOlDr oiiTg omprisingssled-hain, wtWh aegrlouABb., orchrd, utbildIgs, ate, medow,eel endarsow rInh hol arouen, outhouse,Lkin, farGard and bidiw hap cotta 2rotldeo Thbarront abhn exmonel5O lentout seam ae hogtheae, Mes o Dheidge land So n,slIItrs, Mxblddlesaex. rwa' an. thRe auBc S todneer, a 2r09 Pued wthe Culvruands adi to BELLooy1Aak, and nt to waneI y Abb near2 oFantm 220 e.- mostn aD ,semmpffodle,, ,ta ReIene surounedt2e by pdaare, grounf Gadernse, orch40ard, hranded , n ala about 12 lwit xt&rUn, homstad, broogh lorn, w0headtory plasmas grnd oIqe amres4 well tiberd. tpi edwhJ(D osteitvho Jersoe %the 1st of fobrmibynPexetr an Islabondetrn;p> mdoo;orohard, t iarndos h Bd OtO andl B wEU ae wo structlde ont Lin cringf o fctobe &ar n th be odareed ino t woy and ir,f mmlot&l ol,This desigarabled REIsDseNi Meor-be landma ite hadoo. Prndtcularsaned hlet to tree may of boe hof toe auctIoneers, Pi20h, W. Noc 2 mna V Aew nredtleemedti Sonth-Srrk-Too ligha IR!Desern ltLawn, Gardki ns, gMkeadow, at BuidiMrng laces. Cl a Sce BROOK andbou BEtSar fvore wt MluctRons t. SILC1by Ai anstr bv the Swanleuto onUJa, of OctJober, at-ooclock S, a L aluab le V P O ESTA!E, roprisig Beound Ldge,at desIrableefamiyssdenetl with stabling, homestead, he., laws, senysuserlory, pCleasue gotndr In. *n rserte y h Booe,a Xforn aOnnr 'slnd rel rea qnpaddoc orchard tb narnPfRIneS o2ames. WIll bdi REN t wo ots an S if notlyd AllbTOsubitted as vill buidoing R sopinutwo to fore opoiteao cih e'd, non Ir-edaly rising : n v, IaO lar. De ta d aderttisemeentsw hy appSEar.D fartRNlams and. wplWas o tre ar- ingwiles oenSting abd dran8 wng iro aChredr and t fitc band utenWl. tnags glan, and mptoneoueof Iucebul8, eu TbSts FleeW6lut-otreet; andeof the audgho-n, 209. rricoan1r~ bew.n Onrge sok orlore*nd Pledge, Wearing otAttr, n o epe, God-, at the *ciSon able ando8 Bed Linken.tc ando F.ffei-s , a RESSS. PRDIEST nan LAWRENCE will SELL aUCTIOWb at their spacious Booms, U empper St. Marti3'iu opposite Adurdedsdy, Inombroo Sep ate mber22, a ladles wanrdtOnt of men's, WeaRIdtG tTinE, sels satins, oloths, aD rtber pdsoalr geotda sa te d lateknen, Jeahweed, carpes, aSnd theltg an-com- HunsohoGdg Furniure and thleectiasu Proe, ty dcESSRS. PRIEST and LAWRENC Ffwit SELL tutebyA1JCTIot , at their spacous Room. 'Uncr St. M*trmn's-lanU, oLpst FegAd, Sedpt.s5 otesd for a2 40 of GOLD a large asIoR A Tfines oU dning la, ndrwingg brooebm,oactto, diamonds,b uall elonate. glas,ad mOri4 aewerl trinets bedoo. table pen usi, Large Sokoftin Wea3rin Attic, PIeculxe Gooda, ade. a tsnrmesered Sae.to M4ESSRS. kIETadAWEC wilS L Fann,LtyUtoIOn the threiro Wspton, InBoeoms,type St. Mavtlenerlane, andoon uo f sdhy fba lt or 2 lar e nt of lotisn, ben all pofi tiel fo, nrs LleU Goldarend eGr Wtels,zrt Jeelr7,n Dlamoods S,Givr Plate, Plaed Btock and E Goodt. advlal f,c jESR. . PRLIEGSTWandHLwRl ELNCEwithoSELL LVL7 AoN, at the ir spacious, Bom Ulpn.omoer Sroins. a' athae on F n, Set 25,oat; 1nfor 12 40o lbots LlonGLD and SILaEWATCtHe, hgodw cmainrbs. ritng, brches. 8sELet dimby lonathes,sle pate,rbated gods , Dewe trink,tets, lmn'and aluabole ITems.ay nCmer y 24,atec2, tonCewndeoueo CuUreolysitn- rooESSRSd PG Ebe we daSeL furny auctien moFriday last,2andtmr nowbea tatedforea oo nt rvaote ebe of valueswmbl3leaD ntotS bls, rlzfs t -Auctiron gtead ar,wOrd Troadstemret. To-morow,Auction ludmtoorn,13 Ih o aclbnrn,-nun Hoou imgsehl Puraniture, Two4l'ianofDr tues f 25 oosla tene, CiS. he.n, r *nrrd fompr a manion ine St. on awoo, unebr a bilorinsale st w to LithSoraphidcO aPren.esn Copyn Pteth, pIonSafes, anotd prfnum.r Itoc a^nkrdI7-^ Effcts. mFblWqrNBqies adz . RW stabLLing S dRTHwllR EL wiTtIhOotb 1Iorger s ethx lsemntonbe raml The o wholepre o., l" e bo gde onu ib forae O SEHOCLFUi1 tn aIre undeiredtoH tna Kof dint ingfaondyrw rooms, annrantiquelarvst oaxbeotnedand bte rmeater hansd sfome brobl andto hEr;onesolarge chimnedflrase, nuoMerous effects Ond ieandx cataosnes ready.od vOl o-tet West-end an sctal Paaqeuai-Eblway urStationow laer,owod wRED. l SE inb BELL O on AU TheN in tots,y rde, in,Th-orouthe Seas Mtresrv, theBIDN MOU TE.OL themoain ofsae. atlogesobtinddiat thesLowe Nofrawood Railwy Sttion andat Mr Peas'sdff cbs, s, T o o x.y-tseet, euh Subark,"Subuy,SE.lmx IWESRS. ABAArdN.tsi-s diretcHatedby-roa.Begth Gzlitr ( EoNI andooTe NSBY wil Sni4,t ELL by A0 TLlAUCION at shre PreChnmiset, omil, n edes day~~~~, 4-orw September 23,2t1 I o nth eniedsoe ot by privae coiac. valabl long HIE t LEASEHSOLD for tIbES butce, asdcagtbou sthreetc,wHampta road, closemto bhe Entome-srea). Railwayo Trminus a compisig a ang of pacous nd bsantial podnbultry n work. shPlmes, wthoouking-ghou-mkeengine room,Deablng, acdotlet tlo Mse&mCorodSal en witou, raiwysreerrtarete1£50pranu. alofapte altaboleng andcOther pEmssq.,Inhad aLl vby ACTONpst,ons lare yrramiandex~oeeliont coedme aeay nent,rane.23 Thedwholeopro reudayar,tenofnl pTMSUuer,n tniso hGA ECAT betcrw,adcltoure.daw g andv I 'n ant , ollelrd Bequfrrd-swuae.- endlo setsprs. ared ailnd St15gaziers,damctondes, 28 Ol Bomind-street a9,dEbudydry-stoeet, rga,On-gqall,-ons eho l Furoniture, lloatte, aia eIs, lea ieDo, twoDU forwheel oSELLa byr AUCTI m-OaN, Lw.ctt,ongthe romses, tn.to-morro,Sfept2, atnd,other iHCUS ndneHsj FllBITUR, oopriing edstads nd eddngtests. Alofdrawers, eblmey-gasoe, nibogny tbles rot., nd chair 's, d dOoL lfut, paining, boks,he.Maybe iewe th da pi r, ndbae legues tad on th premise: and of r. Gorwi,3sHaand RAAM Fdre ctedEtaf n h bygho hoD r theg ctofBthe LV R.oprINt NshoisHprcewingt nd,t B ELL by AUC-IN MIOatonthe'rhie Me In, Ta-m,onrTow, ilep epember 1 9. t apreIseeln threafernoows ong pr dernly, bulnolotpu rd, at Ote of vauabl car.O TTureys, situladsef pim te peadow a8 C nol l AIte growtheofou6801f 70lquarters anWeton, andthe pastureof th e ea t. f ores.gfortshenonly,e 'mslthtelt of tbltoFenry next. Note. Te cprid thelaCrgepsioom-are miwrzsodeous an" nd turnip will bhe Soflon adeby ActhmbonThresdao intoe latiof OctCobr lds be viewed Cothe p 4 recedin day odfmrninged ea andpct Fr,alotuesthadIa the ofrics ofOthe Auctin.oeeir, Ticknhoes, fcfe. olad p too leynetreeth c twe ark.-To Bilers Gfleassdealers Plumberg 9s, Or.1okg,lase-eal kressFof uroDabler, panosture,.and s,r Il~t B.L. WILCER is istructdby thr ledExeutors iYJ. of he ate osep Gcdchld, Bq.,to EL y ACI onSmrstvt day,tl,te BTOK,Fxturs,an UtesP.aofaGLS MERCHAlfedTire, end nmeros uslul ffecs: copel-og alarg quatityor Pltor, sheet cron, ad r Doure gass, In r-qates,b. s n qae,wlr el st paean Prpittrns 5 lces diant onds, 3U b eA.UPrussian blue Promisempt,pckaes 45, amros, pans, Iand eghs, pdozwerfulcranepan chains2, lad t 1wthoruntwfor-wherLel haenieshres 100IUR Iof n-bound cass.uttng o arsX ,bompins,twfoIrponsaFre,anchbdsotheraitinsandfutenitursil rs, q4tty rae t pimber,adfnetb ronedseful beddeing.Also onaThus,. day,atgofodawrs1, marle sovtands each, 210 tonlesWall's-euddCoals bowluyebinthareb uantndertn~.hfRgna ender'.Ma bievieos-eeld other td s ay bevrioro eu and morningo l. aalge onfheprmises; an Waluabl reod oz t ate s pe is an teu borod of the cutoee.Lity ofa th. Lr MlB. EDWHALLAIR will SELL by AUCTION,(b Hazeatr-be Whited= Liennn,cBath ondThuesday, Spteber 79,at nd sthe afternonspely sl in nOCKine lTs, th valu ablHfIB.ERYoomTEr,sitg"nus ateinlbspain"sh ofdCold kashton,in feecuty of pn mnodious;mans20-horse,powithth ofbicaue s,tgaren, shorubberieson laned,cnainiangd0,r f in nscultorkabl is ;nd a farm, u calledrWstona Clsr-stret,Brisol :Mr pa- te rnt oiio 50--dI1 Grsr'or t.ten- rec tral prevention of rsno o; mo Ling M ac Inc (b Chamnbe4 wad moulding Irons, sanding plate, rawbenches, circular and other m&we, gzinding stones, frames, and benhes, a powerful horso t11 hands high) Epriog ,art and vau, ha-d truck, baWrw. sevTral sets of harnme ana stable requisitea. brick erection of sbow-room, with Windows, doors, tiles, 0nd woodWork,s tage erection in engine-honuse av rlctor mlscelanesatrtiles. To be vlewed two dayspreviousand mnornings of ae. Catalogue had at tho offices ot J.B. hidiIe, e,, olctor, 10 Beeeghsal-street; WMLiam Permell, Esq., nfflcdal asgnee, 3, GtUdg hall-chatmbers: on tho promise1 ; and at the auction and egtLo offices, 6S, Welboc-ctret, CarendlasoEquare Long Leaehold FEat4t mnodem Haoushold Funttureo3nd Weots,- Hilh-street, Camderntown. M B. ABBOTT will SELL bz AUCTION on .IL the Preml, on Friday, September 2:N at 12 preelsel wtIont reserve, ln two lots, Tvaluable long LEASEHOLD TETAiE, with Immediate possesonu cormpr;sing that spadous private resdence, with fore-court and lar garden, No. 53. High-street, ormden-loM with bac enttranoo fromn Pratt-stIrot- a large plot of buiding land n tho rear, having a frontage of 46 test to Bayhametreet, with a dopth of about 70 feet: the whole held for unexpired terms of 31 yer from MIdsummer, 1857, atthe vey ylow ground rent of £5 per anum Alo the modern Rousbeld Furniture and Eifects oomprisng mabogny four-poet, Frencb and otber bedsted goose feather beds, and bedd.ng, mahogany chests of drawers, wa'6ds, dressing tables and glasses, handsome mahany winged dwrarf rwardrobe sets ofwellmaed chairs, mabogaDy dLinin, library, andother tablee, paIntings china, gIser, and ktchentroquulites. Printedparticujarsand catlogets, with rondtlUcrsofe mis, maybe hadotr Krac W. andao . T. Woniruofle, olIcitors, 1, New-square, Linroin's-lon' onz the preIes and or Mr. Abbott, b6, Bedford-row, W.C, and 31yoesbury, St. Neot's Hunting, Canuteroad, Sonthaptn.-oon,um adlug Offices and ShopDs, facing I-be Docirs-Sy !Ir. W.FURER,l; at the Dolphin Hotel, }Highstreet, on WednSesday. Saptember 23 t 3 Ih tho atternoon unle0ss lIreviously disposed of by privrate contract), LLs those comruasnding Premises facing the Dooksw A andl ness the railwat, coorsrlslnFatertnslvs Offces and two hiadjoms shops writh qbte- am fronts. *u offGoes atre in the Ocon. Crosot}l isy and Co., oc the Europen and American bteet Shipi;gomD^r:one shop Lh taIhe occupation of MmBrttlett, chyrus; the other shop in the o_cptlon of Mn, VGilas outfitter, forming one buldngd of sommansilug elevation havlnr frontage ot 34 ft The prpetytstt al let Ion leie to highly siepocta¶le tenants. The situatien i, the yeV bst In this inereadeig neighbour. Ihood, and there Is eesyrseonh? pe~cof this Dropenty doubllnk Itsel in value by the time ths presena leases expire. The property Is leaeold, no,des the sorporaWon of Southamtokn,aa .L ret. F or furtherpartloulas applyohicDno 0eV at ldo 8 5 5en I eanpion; IDanil Kosns, ErtQs Uicr 5IzzoLmvIX ion; mM Aw Aa o~ bmmpgi, Household NumrsM o.-Harrow.weatd.-By Mr. HuxnZaT, 0.tb FromIee ci Tirus.d_y ?s~, 4 at 11, by dresden of Xr. Keee who baa left hIds redeoe, N'-,e iier, u the Ool1,Me Harsow remeainder of his Furnijture ; comprising gOO4 ~Vbet &n teMtiCmahogan &ObAt at daWan, wardrobeait O eb , ktebo ut knbrwingtujanaljs, gaida &oots, moty a.;MN I$, Park Vri"n1e1QaM s,0 doss; ast the Inn inm the neighbowshood arind free by yot of Mr. Hufthert, la.nd aganteed surveyor, Watford uebts ~'tOe,from the Gross Wtor, e, teprist, the ft NI UMBE LL n by AUCTION St of the EArl of Easexwith htis iatto I S00OTC OXIFN. in exoellent souditions. May be viewed. CataAgun may now be had of Mr. May, s-rveyor, 61, Park-itvetaGovn Squir, Lon on;ad, free by post, of Mr. Hlumbert, Ian agent a04 surveyor. Waitfordi. Herts. thLe t,roperty of the 5farl of Essex. lijrB HUMBER-T wil SELL by AUCTION, at Ltawon~ Frdarm,W t oioLeria, About a mile from the Wa&or fa Hereford bulloc, ftlsgoaadpg,ai boaLr, 400 finsi tat wete hc,alI odanllnadsm olaalso two useful Cr oss n adoega alwy ab viewed by applyingtMr ant,atH-wds ai,Caaga may aSo lie hwd ofr asueyr 1 rktee,Govn. sQuare, London ' andf b i .Hwet adaetas Purveyor, Watford RrIs Honahol Funitre,ilv an Ded Stock, at Naetbury Honus, Wait. for, Hrl, l miesfronm the Pinner Station, and 3j miles from the Waf t-l taIo, inthe L-ondon and North,Westmr, Itailay. 11,1 . RUhBEItis b1structed by Mrs. Marsh (the ,jj. sttebengsodlto BELL by A6UrOFIO on Mon"a ,Set ca t 1 oclok,a PIBI IN of the excellent HfousRHOL,D PUB, atE'br.comprisin blilliard tables, two pL&nofora,t% booksee,chess oferasrs,kitchen utensils arid nuaositm;a theliv an dedsoc,ernrsn thre ricks o'fUh` h tm;&3 BOWS a 0W n fll ilk aheler in wog,twodto,. alan a Wedlake's oat-cruser frm carf~two fudohuts"' ity &C. escrlage or Ou'uri"hno hurdiss, toolsrte and haremness &a.Myb viewed the day Prozling the sale, and Irolene3 Ma &,i bae beb o fr.eb pos W1 Mar, iuineertr 6. Pack-street, Grsvftsor.squa,e: andS fre byPos O Ai. lumbrklaud agent and suveyor, Watford, Capitia Sml Pen o Osualo rIiysmn at Osto, ~ne M&HUMBERT wi'l"SEMLL bY AUCTION, at [ithe Anction -dart London, on Monday, Oet, 5is,at U small, OOMPa,t, and very Improvable PARt(o05ac I, hviat righs o pretuogeon rnet on. situate four miles from the MR.i WAY station, at Grays. May be viewe by perrmeison of the tenant, Mr. 0. Oreenaway. Particulars imay be bad at the Kines, Arms hotel ra Grays; at the Aluction Mart ;, Of MOsetl0ladgts.e Clairk, and llnch, 54 Craven-street; Of Mr. li,WXAIy 61, Pak e,rese.qu ae.a of M(r. Humbhert, tandl mcet aual surreyor, Watford, Beots. MA B. HUMBEiRTf will SELL byAUCTIONl, at LV Watforld-feld House In the town of Watford, on3 Friday, Oct. 91, at 11, all the eooelIL,rt and appropriate PUItNITI[JR]K kitchen andi daisy effecta, rind the stock. comprbisog a handsome welahtaeyn cob, a handsome and. ser; Quiet child's pony. a Alderneycowaow n pigs, a pointer dog. poultry, a capital Irish ca&r,haroceu, garde~nrIpl.. meets, arid sundries All of the best kind, and in excellent condition. Miay be viewcd the day bet-re the sale. Catalocues way be had at Mr. Mav 61, Park-streer. tirovenor.suruare Lndon: and froo by pork of Mt. liuuhert, lnd agent atd surveyor. Watford, Herts. at Watferdh.B c,-S_1_ MIAR.HUMBETi ntttc to SELL by AU(J. JJ.TION, at tee dh,tha r~Wtoi, on Friday, October If, at 4 o'clockt, TWItT.T POOT LAGiES, known as Flint Hall,. Wat!ford,cletoteBswyStto,adaoeagai, valusAle and spocua4tir netnik edwdb emsino the tenants. Prrticcls a ehdo r a,6,Pr-tet Grosyessor-square,Lnon;adfebyotofIr ubs,l4 agenit and surveyor, ar-. Hrs SUCH willSELLby UCTION, at hie Meos lolttbokrrow THS VENNG,Setember if,al 0, te FJB&TTIIE o anczst-rorne hose,renroTed from lbe, Grov, Cmbewel. Ctalouesat he Mge adoffices, 26, Era. CnbwlI.-Feinsltur,Piurs n Ftl ofa Millile' i. comprising the aPpendacoffubecor,dilgndra room ditto, to., three 'uaoeytoconrswhdepdas, table, gisas cases, large cureAlso al ihgesoe.gail tiogs.&Ac. Catalogues on t rrit,ada r uh,ces Fnewhurcb-rtrest, andWawthrs Pectbam.-oenuriueChn.Ga,to I RB. SUCH will SELL by AUCI ,onte r. M m5,,inses 17, Park-place,Peckham i N -ow,oThrdySe, Iat 1d, the rearly new FtRNZITURE; cospslgoi,Feb,at to,, telescope dining and too tables, par:ouchietohr,adsp chaIrs in leather, cheffoDiArs. Brussels and te eot,cIny glasses and numerous sBf-ct,. MAY be ded,Calgs had r the pmesulss, nd at air. buch's offices,26, Fshrhare,adW worth rao, Clarpbam-ccamlno Busit os adCttg.? toeat MR. STEVEUCTION anth 5,t.2, u fo nnowisHueClpa-one F=_~ ~ ~~dy thehereinf te lOu'EaOCa pianoforte, a few pitnsadpit,salqatt fwn,t,O view day iprecedingarderieofsl.Ctogsmybehda the auctioneer's ho,.,i ssecpae lp amn. lit . SEYES wll ELLby UCTION, on the Xyj~fjj~ terin,patiel rcof hih wllbeancounsed in futuroe advetlsment, Ctalcise hrd attheauctoner'soffices, CLapban). Ohlslehm-st.-Mc,dern FuriuedoleadsneGt,afu. wrheel part- Pheen, Docr,andefcs hAESSRS. DR .KSON and DAVENPORT WMl M ESlfLLby AUCTION, en thepremises near the Queenk's Head,on Wednesday, Septemrber 23. at 12. without the sliigbtesreere, th (ecellent modern FURNITtTRE of theusual descstptlon, A drawing room ruite in figured blue silk dars ak, a line- toned 61-octave cabiniet pianoforte by M,1ddleton. chimney glastses, carpets, set of excellent dicing tables, handtorne dinner. dessert, and tea services rich -u s,lss,plad atices,a fw ceve altlos,two water-colourdraw.- logsof ld Lndo-brOg,. 110 voume ofbooks, a 2I-dsay 'rench tIm-pece sipeordou,l gu b Ilruley astgie ditto byNeok, nea pak hneou,neirl se dgcat wthBacker'a patentaxies hares, ad iesltoeoieeltct. Ssybeviewed thboaaypviort tal ; atlogeshadon heprelse~ ndof Messr. Dickson and Daveport esate geits ad actioeer, H, ucklerebury, city. Hores,AgicuturlImpLemntns, and Frlue-ateh otg ESSRS. DAVISBarkiuc-&ide, MESSRS. DAVIand JOH NSTONE are instmeteui .uYJy the Tenant, who Is IcaT`&ng at Michaelmris, to SELL, by AU0. TION, on the Pmmromiss.onsTbnur ySla ent. 24, at 12 for 1, the whol& of the excellent ACIRICULTIIRIAL kItPLEIkIEN'rS, commorInIngyio carta lono with patonlaxle:1, I toughs, harws, dressing machine, celvet,, forks, and other requiulees of a small farm, three hrora from regular farmwor, poug an eat hrne', tun-oer phaeton in exooelsut tondtlon an othr Ou-dor efects alo thetueul household furni- tueofsaly Reglghtor oo k. 1dronteaginOrimsenaJarsonedreds and b reddng mahogydchirs tbo bleAgt upand equlimueofr slabting rooms cdShmadeygOrnamse russlsareting Irn pd thorusuald kitcen equsie, ay MttESSRS.Il d thOOE ehe and Mayple,L Bareking-sie;ad br -68,- theTrstesofr-lady. de",t ELb UrO,o thxe ellut uritre Naarinoott.ings,Priont, Plate andPbal Artcles,w Ta wetly o Wdegulatoylc, leronicesr Orien aptal Xsr, rede mand Svm Ornamoem tal Ilots,r Ifron dturoelIn bodadand E fects, fet beds and bedding, wardrobes arid chests of drawers, hookmnao, sofa and cao cair ad edromri, cdrge, eegntdrawingroom suite In and eigt rotechis I- a 1rird odses eirn Ey-` la-se an cur--. tainsldoiv otaepaoot,ing et-rbr S. Shriugl Varpt, chin Cant. w loc nthoelprgemisessa Rofomesatrt. Moore an TrempOld e aut-roned onmFtida etreet, ci ty, reeygeun olrnHUEOI beOld ctroai- Auesseorsig of mao.teeodern kioutabclm poianre- Bst ing Mn te bldnaterials, Srrn etwo aspring Van, aDog-Cart-, lTwo HorsDpeas,uTworPnie, et harness, 'rtrtwoChaff-cuttin Machie, pand AKi B HH. ROWDT wiUl SELL by AUCTION, ati LV.theOlard SalepRoom,la Brjthe Kon Tsh Drovers, 3OldKent-ro,adI fonrFripay S'pt 2i, at iiopacrtheiyolgenine mReEHL Ien UOoJSIIHOoD F21 I'tjE casw omprising17 Vahoa bdterl ds, bedding0 Waarn-od. chamboier ppndarges,ouperboeel6, ahwrogtytelesieopediniMngtabler, pianof3 oste-by llaterdandColla 0nrdSideboard,sofWas, conces,crpets ari1Dmn skitchren tesl; a,Ioyboudt,g1 pir o new ashes,nglaredt 4, three sts bostairanWod-otherobilin graterial,n w spuringtrmts,?hadog-cart,olarge raringsplnue i an, shes La ieoffhirces, twor hores. the 1 po nes aten rsoad ebetuinmacin, E12Irn. scue.dao umdeerours u oful'cets. ayt be Siewod hadaan pri,r atig utcrice of Ile;ric and cria oneshditonsth may e oWncd36tthe nsriic,ueor 'M fiea, 3 OorutoerdBcial,pandeFrold man. wlleiko 2. Shpstet, Brighton,-,ciy ofMHO, er adO. Frehoie t Bigh 't. ebetues,to Br.JAKMHESTN -iU SELL bypuH AUCTION, a M on .thePemOdSiposin. 58rige-stent, o hRsayaat.SeTe-mberro t, Satk22 foa2ndrser Ino fo5 lotds, thedfollowing FI:dTEERufDB i Hrove -iofaG.S 21,TTan1danediae 17.TR wt Waero.0street O, Wof read, Free, heoleeds n rihondayN, 16p. ulhandrtlotue-strbtatn ofMr.oNpeicholtson. shfire-street; 1 trory-ni!igs;a Blcka-street; 42 Hwtt . N'boeds-rtset 10mb,rd-612t1ro14t11 and o b isi.Reet-row.Grun 1,x-srent seonr-o. o_ houses Ing Wod m-street groundoin-Ohrch-e.tettohld;apl age 47 fur 10andon £2 Psco, e ad Btrcktridnstur ok Shoream, nd isebe tusipi roa. Paticuarsan conedgey tion may e Otaied t te Oice orMesrs.Corinr BlRk and gpreus sololtce,OldJewy, ou~n; nd f te aC^tihoneer,Pt Al4obert street, Brighton, ~ ~ ~ oLrie o b t~' othrs -ur. JAMES, onon; andl SEL bye pablic AUCTIO In Caucsy.- DaeyT. Harrison,' and "ae arsn" Comsneclal-rad at anzd Whistechapel.-Ellctble, Leasehold SsEvies, for Inveszntent or occut.alon, producIng rentalg of £1350 per annum. _'I OHN HIND is inistructed to SE-LL by AUCTION,. Epon Thursday, 2ilh Instant, at 12 o'clock, at Garmaway',, Cocuhill, clty, in feur lots, desirable LEASIl:HOLD PROPKRTTRS situate aso fo] ow:--Two capital residences, si'tute NOsL St and 32, Moet-plaoe. CommercIal-road eat, let IPartly on Is-sal at £67 per annum, grounA rent £5 each, tarn 40 yerars three dwelling-houses, situate Noe, 27, 26, wad 29. 'UPPer King-street, bom)srtlal.ro:a. let at rents amwounting to £C54 per annum, term 20 years. ground rent £12; a brick-built shop anti piaedwelling-houve %doioning. situate No,, I and 2, Gouloton-street, MW-hihpeL, let at £29 I8s, per annum, tern 35 years mrond tent £4., May he dlewed till the sale; and pnctlulaes haLd on the Iwemlsis; ait Gar-rawaPyf's-Of MeOt-, Mforris S9tone, Townson, anid Morris, litoorzate,. streetchr.micserr and Welcoloseosquaro; of Mr. J.,S. Wheatley, 7, Bymond's-Inn, Chancery-lane; and at the auctioneer's offics, 32, C-annon. stree-od Comnmerolal-resad east, Pentonvllle, lIjESSRS. DEANS and HUDSON will SELL by ,.3.AUCTION, at the Auction Mast. London on Wednedasy. Se1 30. at 13, by order of the Sfo tegags, a olf mitaile FREEHOLDf %9.tSDKNCE. iltiatst and being 33.North street, Pentonvile, in the OccuaDtion of Mr. Whitney. anu annual tenant, at a rental of £38 per atnnnm, Particulars May be hotL at the Auction Start: of Richmds Fidrck, Z3q.jsolicltor, Wcolwlch; anid of the auctioneers 43, Plen. churob-street,iondon. At BOTH~ Warhoues, 1. ldge-ow.Cannon-street, on Thurs. &tBooth's Warehouse, 2t, Budge-row, on Thuretay, September 2C at 2 O'clock precslery. on account ot whom It may concern, lp"tons of Yellow Soap, 1, 500 cocoa door MatW JL to in double yrn,. slonett, brush, and worste harder, 11 new honet hammocks, 27 nose bsp;70D yards cOOtton shag, 200 t6ots sai cas-s,50 Ossta rgs 0 assDuchcayme,Itn TrihsI
