D13ATHS At 14elh,on t th Aug., of a wou d ntiog on the h u David rencia Shen =IIlod.m de-eply regetted by AlU wlo kla him. KiMed On the 12th Sept, at DoehI. having beenIrevl u*w emy eight times duent the sIege, QsPlaln obehet 0.nX, Llg Wou4rth sOn of the lato°ulaJorGneal J.B. Pagan, C.B., agad n. lrthn widow And Rix chaildren_.gd3. evn Onthe 224It kiled Inaction wIll, the rebels, nner undoe, IQl Onahw22 leonara d mrdone, E te, Of Her IlaJetys l4th ithe Ring's lIght) Dragoons, eldest non of the late WiUiam Trtanr Redrnayne, On the 12th Nov. Last, at Port Lotdr, *gerius, O 's Zug", Bazire, lFsq., at the age of 41'. On the 4th 1nat., at her reeldeno, in New OrlHnste Louise polk. wife oft Morgan Kay, EeQ., aged 32. On the 12th mnet, at 7roydon, Anne Sophita wife of John arlreUon Crlar, of Pot Eizabeth, Cape of Good fope, aged 37, On the 22 itori., at Newport Pagnell, Mary Ain, mrelct of the late Ifr. T. Brown. aged 60. B On the 224 ingt.. Wms. Tho.e Stretiell, Boq., Loeut. R.N., the scoond non of the late Edwd. Streatell, Rcq., AdvoeaW eeral~.. to the H. I Company at CalcUtt%. On the 224 inst, at Staint James Baker belaq KRCh ,ll and-L A., n Ctlehe 57th year of his xRe. Mr. Biter'ba*denjoyed the warmeet esteem and reepert gained by hit highly h.onourabile bonaater lia charitable and kind feelings, during a Practise extending oyer noee than l5years On the 2ld int, at hluerva-terrace, Bacnsb urysquare, Islngten. Irrances, reilot of %he late Thomas Hardin Bilharn. Rq., of Barns)bury-park, aged 78. On the 24th Inst., suddenly, at chaistoe Hiotory, nea l kif e ot of oad a pectoris, Macla Marianne. widow of nhe lateear e M lr d.ae 3e?4., of Knapp, Ir the county of Devon, aged 70.l eas d tld On the 25th Inst,. Evelyn A. 0. Bayery, aged 25. On the 12th in,.L, at 2, Stanihupo-terracae, Hlyde-vark. after a short Ilinese. Isiam, seecond son0 Mofaoes Lesvy, _e., aged 25, deeply lamented by his bereavel famfi and friends. On the 26th Inst., at lilaisquhan, BIr David. Hunter Blair, Rart. O'n the 26th Inat. aged 29, Elizabeth,tbe wife of Mr.0harleesSoell.I of PabddingtO, late of aydenhans. On the 26th inst., at Chipping Cager. Niser, at the rmsdenoe of his mmn Philip Halnes, Req., late Of Reehamq-m, Herlel-osi-Th=es Mger 75. Ca the 27th last., at her resIdence lue £Ibany.street, atfte a long and Viludniillnews wmli Charlotze e'sice, in her 65th year. On the 12th Inst.. Rt South Wraxhall Lodge. wilts, in the 224 yerOf he'r age. Mrm h.cabsli Anu Caroline Jenny Pigolt only clsm` ofuth,e late Charles Pigott. Esq. (formerly a Captain, In th'e 6urds), and niece of the ltat Sir Jonathan Cope, Bait., and of the lat Mrs eneago, of CDMpton Basest, Wiltg. On tho '27th lust., at Sowber-hill. Yorkahlre,'Jokn Hutton, REq., a Deputy Lientenant of the North RItding ot Yorkshire aged 63. On the 28th Inat, Elina, wife of Benjamin Bond, Req., of 5uttm, On the 26th inst., at Battle, Ma,rolretof telaeChresl0mo in her 37th year. . h re L u~ On the 12th inst,. at Albion LOdge, Hanley Cantle, Wotosetkeshire Chazlotte, theaffeetlouatewife of Ir. Henry Willan. On the 26th inst.. aged 82, Katherine, relict of the late Jifrery Grlmwocd of Creselog Temple. In the county of Essex, Req. On the 26th inet,, at No. 55, MArylebono-oad Wllam Goresm, Es i.. son of the late Thomma Go.man, Esq., 'of ~ ew"Bros.d.stceet, london, aged 83. R.I.P. On Tuesday, the 29th lost , at the Viosrage, Corehatm, Wilts, the Rev. Win. Colts Bennett In the 66th year of his age. on the 29th inst a' Dover Lieut.-Colonel Smatt, late Royal ED. gineess, Lleutenant.tlo,ernor 6t Doyer Oaetle, agod 72. On the 29th Inst., at Camberwell, Kmi SarAh merry Duncomb,e, widow of the inte Mir. Robert fltnombe, of Oreelt, Raoex, aged 76. On the 25th Inst., at 5, Unlon.pine, Mdar7lebone, Isaoella, wife of Mr. Thomas Reid, In her 79th year. On the 20th inst., akt hims on's residence, Deptford, Kent, hMr. Jamne3 Hood, formerly of Nuneaton, Warwlrkrhlro, in hiis 624 year. On the 29th Inst., at Devonshlre.plIre, Brighten, of disease of the cheat. Mr. Jasper Neweon), furmnl o'f Grocers'-alom,Futz deqgly lamented bY his widow and-friends. elcur,Puty
'fl TTOATIONT for YOUNG LAIDIES.-Conaucted J by Mdrr. J. BA REWELL, AUnob o t '-The Mothee's Practica Goider" tdlior of "The British Mother's Joumnal.-2. Stanley' ereecanit, lotticg-blU, W. Tezts forwarded on application. JDyUUATION.-For £18 pet annm,_ YOUZNu E GENLEhIN amBOA,EDED, Clothed,l and admea uitnaioabhealthy.In theocountr, west atIondon. The advertlnemeat stwarty tOe attention of persons in went at a good schooj, Unzexasg kUanable. references giTan. Apply by letter to A. B., 100, llolborn, ILA 1 U C A TF I 0 N1.-Richmond, Surrey.-Tnae 124 DAUGEHTSRS of GIINTLEUMX ar REOEIVED In an old I enbllacusb et ool of the highest respectability, warier foreign Rover.I rltv,es are renjirut, and master of eminence tn resvular attendancle. Termis, incluIndia of all the branches of ian Muglleh and French educa-. tion,40rguine,a. Professor, at moderate charges. Addrtss toY . 1, Bhs li,awy, Richmond. Surre, S,W. ~D U i)'fl U.N.-Bliackheath.-Some ladies ofEvtaEgelica prilmiDles. educating a few gtentlemen's daughters, desires to rncrea.e the numbers in each cliass Terms, Inclusive of board auc in. tructiou In English, French. German, and miusic, 40 gulneas a yea. Profeseere of eminence are In attendance on moderate chmargm A-. diem A. B. C., Mia% Williams', dairy, ltoyalbill, Greenwich, Xknt DUCATON.-Te FRENCH anat GERMArT duotesi on tOe beost liberal principles, oombines all the &dva6otaKez of a, residEnce on tIe coutiniect with a Bound claseiewl end comLmercial Bag. llrb eilncntolo. Preparations for the military and clvUi service examination. Datly leerBoua given by resident French and German mainere, Ord the itnpl's ate vaited on by French tenasnts. There Is a large vw1mmri,g Nitb. need under proper surveillance. Terms namoderare.a Propeburs ii rf eenerof heprncial le-open, Jani. Sb. iAIVA i 1,, T UITION (Roman (Ath.Olc), fIVe Mttua [ wert, ot Land,i.-An Engishb Priest. Doctor Phil. et Lilt, of toe Unlverrite 01 Lonvolo. andt ex-" ember of the Untversttiae at Oxford and London. receiver PRIVATE, PUE'ILS. FIrst-olats refereucoo. Addrees at dras. Irisv. LL.D . Burns And LAmbert's, 11. Portmau.-t., W. I)ItVAiLk TUIT1ON. A married clergyman, laze I,Fellow and Public Tutor, of University Honourv, atnd great expeincuneducatIon, resIding in aL healthy district,near aral1w.y, IRPalliS PoUR. PUPILS3 for the Universliters or Army. Terms rooderale. Excellent testlmoR1111s1 Addroess the Rev. AL. 5. Mr. Aadrevcs. bookeeller, Durhaum. P IIVATIE TUITION for NOBLEMEN's and OIQ NTLyINEN'a SONS.-A. mmmfd clerrgman, who receIves, 12 pupile. unader 14 ye~rr, lin prpation for Eton, Winchester, and ttAe miiayelee,has VLCAJOIEI5. His house Is very comafortaLble, hI Io nti arn frottint these of a gentleman's honsehold and the posteu of npupi will1 testify to his very careful and succeeds1 tuition. TerrocmoderAtA -Verita,, part-office. Readinv, Bezkr, VDKLVATI, T UITION.-The rector of a samll agct. I cultural pariah, In a beautiful and healthy part of the midland counties. who recelves six pupils, between 8 and 16 years of age, has VA0&SCIE$ for TWO. He has had oonsaderable experIence in tuition, and can gives references to geGntlemen of known poeittln. Ad%dreo the Rev. It. O., eare of Mr. 0. A. Wfllams, thce library, ChaiaOnbama. j.)RIVAT]i TUITION.-A cle rg an, 'without care, Liecidint in Kent, i,ho in wholly engagedin prepearng a few pupil, fOr Xlan King', College, Baudhurst, ian Addiscombe, haso now a VAC,Nbi. The chIef nuchlecto rtaught are French (which Is constantly spoken). Glerman, lvndscap,e and military drawing, fortidoatloni, mathematicr, Greek and Latin proso and Terre compoeiti'on. Adderoa Rov. IL. X., cane of Mdr. Owen, 16, Gecat Miarlborough.itreet, W. 43P)KlVATEA T'UITION for the' UN IVERSITIES arnd I._ taue ARM.Y---& married clergyman, MA.A Oxon., and late Scholakr of lila college, wbote pupis have creditably paremd thejr oxsrnisaliv-ns. has-a VACANCY. Me,rreetory la most healthily situatw, on an eminence, in tierks, near a railway station. The parochial charge being almost nominal, very geat attention Is given, especially to those whoa.educationhas been negleoled. Terms moderate. Addocaselev. M1.. 35. Ba,ker rtreet. Portman-rauare. pRIVATH TUITION for the UNIVEI)SITti4 nozbd the AttlY.-A manoled clergyman, MLA, Oxon, rectoT ofia small r arl,h, late scholar ofbhis Goilego, whore puvils haye creditably pulled their examinations, hag a VACA.NCY. ThLe parochial charge being aMOest nominalI Ver great attention In given, eBpecIaly to thoee whore education hoa, been neglectedl. The rectory Is meest healthily situat a on an emninence in Baerks, near a railway station. Terms innderate. Add.sosRev. 5., 35. Baker-stret,Poriman-sqeare. Ph1IVATE TUMTON.-Stailley St. Leonard's, nletr fittoud Gocresterohlve. a healths village abont one mifle from the Great Weatern And the Midlad Rallways. "Ne R1ev. B1. 1. Hutchins, MiA,, of Teinity Coilb e,Camo,"ge5 who has been engaged In tuition for mnany years, RREUI' Mr inito lihouse TEN YOUJNG GENTLE. MEN, who are treated as members of his famifly. Well qualified native teachers of the French and German languaes, and skilfal drawing. mudt,,and drilling master, Inregula~rattendance. Term, according to age. The most eatisfactsy resereecesgiven. rro BOARiDING-CHOOL PROPRIETORS.-- .L WANTED, select SOSROOLS, for two young ladles and therA brother. Direct full particulars and term, to EL W., 15, New Bond street. IO URNEIItO 1TH, Hauata.-A clergyman, W-LA,, B Canbridge anud graduate IH h1on1o1rs, recives into his hoUSe TEHREE 1PUPIIri, to prepare (withont vacatlonal intersnptiora) for the UniversttIes and army examinations, Termorito guinea, per aununu, Addees M.A., 1tlchmonditterrsce. Bournemouth. (~HAPEL-HOUSI5 ACADEMY, Enicld-higOU L,G naear. Look-hAll thceie abJiove ol-aei ehe sool, LOUiM A wNhEDEowe tiealyORed and1lcareful YOSRUC LA IDS inealmth fo rdrnce ofpia o1nd comercialnm (eucatdiong T erms, Minluding edLation,French, daiG,lmappng, doi, fursix, druingBeat per qhuaror. arndplatuszith allpentculrr onn applicsationd todMr. Aophal, pote OIC.2.Havvrr tok-h ill,eeie mimitead-nmfeo o VUdLDIS rE' LADIES' SOHOOLS.-A professor of mu,,lo Twfshes to PLACE his DAUGaTER in a select establIshmeal, where bila srerces would be reqoiryed an music macter. Reciprocal term, not deelred. Addreas,enciceing proepeeturandaetating number Of Mono pupils4, to A. Z., care of Mr. Frrewer, Ia. Southampton-row, IunsKewlitiuare. LOUNDATTION SCHOOL, endoe xlsvl ( or the Bcan of gentlemen whose incomeae mnedIli. septratu~ bed. and superior education, includin, ok,ae rvdda a coat tn. n, rreitends of 25 guineas annually.TRcEwoSOa the en-suitng election. Addrneca Read Mluter, at M.lws okeiy 113. GreAt lutersrl-street, Bloomsabury. J~UhD(l~{-Pivtte uiton-The Rev. J. kI.&t... forerl ofth Chclehone,and Senior Scholar o, A IhlAkc,IIIBD OLEIIGYMAN, experienced- in ilui. --X t'n-u. who receive, into his family a limited number of pOplin has TW VACANCIES, The situation is beautifuland heathy,.ate only a short distance from town. A solid educAtion, parental car, . and the comfoit, of home are offered, upon moderate terms. A widow lady, with nones to educate, would Sod this in advantageomie o3lportu. rity. Addrena Glenious, po0t-office, Ceouch-end, Horesey. Middlese,. IINi V ERSITY of FRAXCE.7-Municipal College of Dleppe.-Prinalpal, 51, MARIE officer of Academy, 1i Profecann, carefully selected by the Minister of Public Instruction.-Freacim, German Latin, is'd Greek, mathematics, drawing, and music are lauth1t In thin Collet . bpeial arrangement, for the English and Prarenrant ps, ERPer annum;- entranco fee it2 2,. Prerspedluse .rd pertlcgar are furnished by M. Maine, at the uoliega. rnlO GROCERS, Drapern, and UphOlsterers.-TIce proe retor of a nelect nchool, within 20 muea of London, ber to inform gentieoinq connected with the above-named trades, who hare SONS to EDUCATE. that ho wilibe bapp to receive such upon recIProcal trinr. LocaUty healthlul, play.ground,sandfisheries extencive education finch rate, and teems strictly moderate. Apply for detailed Proerectuses, with drawing of hence and grounds, by letter, to X,Y. Z., 37.1 awiey-road, Kentiah-hown. LiM0B EDUCATION (Superior),-A lady, residire a'sO the nooth-weet coact of Devon, annoxoese a VAOANCY for, VOONto LADY, who would reoelse a, liberle education, with the dIrmesfro habits of a firot-elars home. Unusual facilities f or imop oveMenc usi too French and German lainguages, nmuie, dratwlg,&o, A young* lady whose health requires a, mild climate would meet with rciar advantages, Reference exchanged.-X. Y., 20, George-sftret, au .th. lo-0UND BDEJCATO.-Thera ilbe A kJ CANCY after Cbristmae, and probably another after Easter, in an estabhilment of reputo for gent ewomen. near H3yde park, whoee Only ten puxpilsaw aaedmitted. TermsB foe hoserd, English, andt laundry, froma 10 to 110 gulinea peir annum. Letterstob to B S.,B M enrer. W BIllIam,i an d No rg a.to, p ubllrb :re 4, 14 ,:,EcureSa-tpree. Coven-t-garden. Thai principala of the ertahihebmnt have baLd sever o Phan ward, In Chiancery intrusted to their cars. Su PEBR IO EDCATION.-There are now TWO is. VACANCIES at an estabflshment of the firsi-clasr, where only a select anid limited numrber of young ladies are receIved. Conducte by theL present proprietree, for the lest 12 yeams, aaelated by Etnglish And foreign govereesescato talIent and experIence. Mactern of the dm0% PsmPtto attend for every accomplishmenti. The reidenice Ie situaste oftir 0 c Ot Own Oan the Great Western Line. Reereence, ox. changed. AIdree,, free, Alpha, 24, Westbourne-park.terrnoe, Pad. E IOLLEGE f or LA IE , Bri=tn.- Enguh,lis y, C. CiG,% M.A.; French Hens Peroot. BA.' German. Hear lngel; drawine.Mr or;infot.M.Care .loe voacnl hir. oodahld; dancng 9Mr. rOce;calisthenics, CptaInHyde, 1n elusive charge-day student, 0gnesborr,1tO4 guina perannm. Exftra,-solo 'sn g, Mr. Benson, of the Uhapel Royal, Si. Jae';th harp. Mr. Chatterton, arpist to Her Mleefty. Addreis th1e Lady Soperintendont, Angeil-terrate. BRIXON-ILLCOLLEGIATE and CORMMEF- COIL SCllCCE,,Burroy-In thle establishmlent the highest in. 11telletual advantages are combined with raretul mnal trainin and very superior domestic arrangement,. The Premices, erected fer school puryrozes, are enprioua, and the situation is without exception th Mo.h healthy and beautiful rond Lenden, Rlefer-ence to clergymen and entlmen ewbose sons are now In the school. Annualpublic examinsi. ~los.Alimtednumerof Poutia. Moderate and inlusive terms, Propetuaa n aplcatonto Edward T.W ilso , P rin ipal. agnelESTABLISHMENT, in the country, a VAACY will aoer akfter the prcsneeetrcesr,8for a young lady, of threnhiges rndspecitabilht givenoub andreuird term 2hw goinseas his mansi n of 60 roomo, and graunda Of 15 acmes, conceisiog cricketgrunadi, lich-poude. rookery, chestnut grove. exteOnsive gardens, and trs.ut stream ailordlug excellent and safe bathinug for the pupIls. M,r A. cuarantees a sosnd clasical, mnathemalfoal, millitar, nautical, or commercial education to all entrusted to his care. Plresoetuseg, with 'dews Of Blall-place, WIn rply to aPP lcauta, Omnibus fromi Abbey-wvood, North Kent Railway, to Boexier. EMEDIAL HDUOATION. -PhyBicai and Mental, ..,-A BOARDING SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES, desigaed mmor PartIcul%rly for such as Buffer from deltrate healtth,from inciplent erinlalor musacular deblity, or any peculiarity which may render ordi. nery chooldiacilino nexpeient,will OPE eD on h lto of Janary ItS, n te Imeiat viiniy Lodo . Ti Choiwl 1'k-PiE- St. Paul's College.-Mr. RYDER, of the DJFrench University, PrlncipaL is now tn London, and will return to DIlspo on the 14th of January, He will be happy to take charge of PUPI,S whose parent may wtsh to combine a thorounh knowledge of the French lagunage with an extended co0er of English and claical education Young gentlemen are repared for admisDon Into all Itbe public nehools. Dieppo Is admsitted to be one of the moet salubrious locaities on the oontinent. The reatest attentton is paid to the do, mestto oomfort of the ppUDpi The Protesants are Placed under the spiritual direction Of a Protestant clergyman. Referenoes of the igehest r*-pectobiltty wMll be given and required. Applications may be made frem 9 ttfi 12 to Mr. Ryaer, at 17, Canrbtldget-reet, Eleston. square. London. FRAHONC PROTESTANT SCHOOL for YOUN(G LA1Ft4, at Diepe 4facing the ea.-Mlles. CIEUTAT. nstvesof Parls. RECKIVEM lamted numnber of FRECH and ENGLIEE PUPILS, members of Protestant faitites only, who am boardod and educated and treated in ill reepects as members of one family. The boe- e and pnds are spacoue, and the locality most salubrios. The inrtruction compriesi piano, sInging, and the French language, history, geo4raphy, composition, lieatur writing, ritbmetic, neoedlwork, dancing, and caistthenlcs. Terms $69 a year, one quarter paid in ad' vance; entrance fee £2 2. The necoesary book, and etaionery, washtno, and warm babt, rec inluded in this charge, It being the aim to conprieall that is easutial wIthin the payment ot £11 a quarter. Re. ferencer In London of the highit charater, andSwfuther jarticulars fur. nined by Ietter, or personally, on application to mecere. Pely, Davtes, and Co., foref gn agency, 1, Finehlano, CornbilL Note-Mlle. Clentat wiil attend in London from ith tO 12th January, and take charge of pestl on har return. r BE FIRST CONTINENTAL COLLEGIATE IlNTITUlTION in ENGLAND-Eusbey-heath, Hers, three mu er from Harow Station.-This school bar been established by Professor Eduard Weller-Vclltre, late teacher of foreign languages at the harrow Preparatory School, in PIatree, near Harrow, at the requet or the paenDte of rome joung getle both Lrgieh and forigon. The rou se ot Instruction comprises all thQt is taught In the colleges of this eontry on an improved aud elarged system, as sj6celed in the c cerisear. Ca nd mathe.satle. ace taught by an oncisting clergy- DMan. a Gaduateot Oxfod. This shool ispartloulaly recommenoded to thoee parults who also wish to ensure for their son,, In ths country, a thorough knowledge orf Peaoh and German, both grammatloal and conuvrswtlonal. The school books are the same as thoese used at Har- row. The pupils wear an unitorm, generallr acknowledged very1 b,ooming. Trmis incluive and very modesate. The duties of the school commence 20bt Janusy. Pupil ar received at a ttme erms rerkoned from the date or their entrance, and corng toags and nequoiitmentA AddreWs P1ewfr Vdilre, the Heath, Bshe, I LADYreslin in pleauipartof Hertfordshdre cA hot M r eo i ves. arews so vt, C hneery wli- % e t stea DREPMIARATORY SCHOOL for YOUN-G -GkI. .1. TLEtidEl Churcb-street. Stoke NewingtorL -Ter. 20 guinea Per suinnus, or It including extvas. Under severe Wear Of age IS and 22 vtLne.a. R,effereoee t'i the parents of the pupils. llohoDL Will gecommnoeue Janusey 21, 185. UKOLHITE sCoOIUTLAfton-honse-, Col-ebro,kerow. Islinoton. Middlesex Inrluve termg, LIe. Picpl r ELLIOTI'. A Os-Watcuseducation, with liberal dietand eyery domet st cosefort, isoffered at this etstbilehureut tionse and grounds very extensive, Prospecitses and ref erencee onk appliedtion. pBOE . A!TCOi EGE] Paris.. ~Co-fo-table P tudl Ufo.andlcueinery ac of instrouson. Private rooms. Director. B. 1Z DI ltPoeeor of the Trech Uni. versity Tesfrom £4 o£10pranu-ntleut PoIyglottes, VIUS Eeanuions. , rueBas. lI .WkIUT, F.UP,Anl lme Cleit NJ School Haummeramith e W AACl This school ii under collegiate examiners n nvral dltouses Wat-. at thes examlniatluns. 12 Wjarderssol en ecie.bu comforts are rem. 1usd witht school discipli. nlivtem Ogless ptr annuma. in a chrj.ttsn fas iny s Thorierlnhcuty vr tetotsaaetsi eiefor th eir Intleta rsrveee senladdunsl otr.Trms Mcoderat..&. sh,Rake.Rfrne oteRc-r A lhsa 0iOIPNIN ora very intellicnge~l 0t~ 10. To tbose whohasnten from home teoe rwhr aet are abroad, this offers rzeat advantages. A rsdn rnbttr Ad dress Rev. B. B.. 19. Catherine-street, Strand AMARRIED CLERGYMAN., ossistedbareA.Cldent German tutor. who is educating a few verletmay pupils, has TWO VAOANOIES. TO chose requiring getrr n attenittio this oilers unscusui advantages. Addrsss Rev.X , o offiue Hemel Hemtpstead. Hleitz. I?RIGHITON.-The PREPARAT1lORY S~CHOOs" BLJfor YOUNG (ENTLEENT I oDndueted for m.ny years by Mrs. and the Misse ASHEBY, At 23. Gloocester place, has been REIdOVED) to Inkermaun Homse. Brunswick roa, in the Immediate virinity of Brunswvirk-square. The school re-opens on Feda',,Jan. 22. roPARENTIS.-WANqTED, imdaey ni TI.German school In England, three or Sour LTLEGLSaoe sIx years old, torompllete aclass, First-rateadvnae.Trsvr much reduced. None but the daughters of gesteereivdAdrms I). Ii., 0ourt.Tournal-office, 28. Brydges-srret.Uvugad, TpWO LADIES, who- have the cbarge of a few JLPUPILSs Of good counexions, desire to ineresaee their entablib-h mlent. Theybhave residedin Paris and Hanover, and can offer great educational advantages. Peference3 to etergymenandtC mUi6is of distinction, Address K.L, P., Mr.iatebard's.Piccadilly. C HOLASiT1C.-REQ UIREED, ~iramediluteiy, in a long.eatahlished school, where master of sart attend, a young ty ais ARTIM ED or GOVEItNES PUtLI1a. to whom Is offered for muoderate ter'ns the advantages of a solid P.SlIsh education, wish the usual accompllshsients.-D. ID., Owee's library, 101, Edgewars road. W. DREPR.&TRY SCHOOL, near Epsom, for .1 YOUG GENTEMEN, under 11 Years of arze. Number Hlmted to 2. ondcte byMrs and the Misses KING The house Is df5toeed,andthesitatin yry healthyv. Terms 25guinieas. References exchaged. or paticuars apply to Mrs. Kting, Merryhial][s, Ashatead, rioPA-RENTS and GUARDIA .-EURD T o two or three LITTLE BOYS; or GEdt DCT,o reasonable terms, from the age of three t oe.As prmns Irutnisbed, for a stogie lady or gentleman, iemnts.akfo h Anerley Station. For particulars alddrs .W,pstob,Pn common, So,denbans. (OTHIO HOUSE Claphanm-rise 5-hsslc G German. Trench, an olsla ollege Wi EUM aDF on the 18th January. Young gentlemen soundypeprdfoih sarry, military, and civil ecandunatloos, univeritis ecnieor cults, &o. F'or prospectusee and referenoes apply t h ietro h esisb'ishment. DL~JA, DUMBPRIVATFEEDUC~ATIQXN will, 6thJanuary next, All are taught So 81,00ktoReareneso arts. do. Above 28 years' experi. icseore fr. eIthy d waried. by the late Dr. Watson and his able ClLASSICAL and MILITARYXIEDUICATI~ON, a Holland Hlouse, Blaokheath. by T. KIMBER, f&A. Terms, inclusive,o for instruction :-Milltary puplis, 40 sod 5g sulems; luster school 28 and 30 guineas. Prospewtuses at Parkers', 144, West Strad, and Rviyigtons' Wsterleooplsoe C¶AMBRIDGE.-A residernt M.A., a h rangltes',rlatti Fellow and Lecturer of his College. who has~ hWad graepelesce1 In tuition. RECEIVE z THREE PUPILS into his house to Prepare either for honsssor theerdinarydegree. Terms moderate, A.ddrees G.KR.. 1. ScOoope-terrace. Cambridge. A MRXAMINATIO1'6l.-C&Tndidastes fo-rxile AR..linme oyr Artllery Usving In London may he PREPARED at their own residence by an officer who has been most cuccereful during the last seven ; ews, and who has now a few hoursosat disposal. Apply to Alpha, Mepser. .T. W. Parker and Son's. 445, West Strand. TIEAkIMY.-Elevon miles west frons town, wfle-re sucssul and for several Years PUPILS9 have been preard for Addiscobo ad for Saudhurit, and for naval appointments, there le;a VAACy AddressthxeRev. J. F., atMrs. ustley's, 74, NewBoaed. Q,TA IF CO L LEG II'AF PO-INTM-ExTi I,J-The various branches of both programmnes are theoretlrsjls, satI practically TAUGHT by field and subaltern officers of the staff and Engineers, at the Military College of liunbury, where French and Getrman are sDoken. Three officers reside at the College. Apply to Captain LEND, Ilunbary, SW. WOOLW ICH.-Parijc.-A clergman, of wellkVlnown staudleig In the French capital, sne preparing his son for the comreotltlve examination at Woolwclih, has accommodation for three or tour PUlIlLS to eduoate with him, The advautaes ore peculiar, Freuosh nd German are familiyarl poken in hisfamil, sond mathemaitIcs, classis, history, drawing, do., are contantly tbader restultitou, in order to reader the candidate succoesful, Apply to i A.,, U~RENd or GEMAN inSIXRMNcaTHSGE1Kba spek o ou sujec, o refsf.untl an wtho a goodl aent,usod thooe writs leta n enchor i Geran,roefeorecs, ofe thel highest orde frm Svi-las reool an hih fmiles. add Resge. B, ost- I Thikqestion secput wi,llanswery"lanred,urasltedb aDr BUndR- standprett Nel.btI cno na t"FEC and GEMNTUR,t od ovR&sest. COd NVeRSwAtIh tCulASSES inte which th oeig puilre taughtce tFre-c icallandpacialy by separatenativeDrofessors.. fte nv are hel Paw,twice R osenha', 150g, Ed. toqurdter. btwemns theoughthemenadiRgetmofcorrceas Todkailenhvsiode.ePlaelmza hhambers, Labur:c ndutdb Dr. BUCHaend ort, witha oatclr Thsatleenting tor yfeterel t oDre . Budschem. ec clase.b a PrisianNpr6ofessor.e.A.of theUniverty Coleg. Lonon aonwenek,s. ed,th REuartEr Lessens throough termedum corrsodncesa. veodeuc. Canscs algtebtra, andod mercantilearitmeic-tah. Schoolsr AndfmLIesvsIe, Privae l kessons at thechaBer,ond-Dr.eBtch othels house, 0 tCrrsphamps ktrrOa ioa Apl at the cheoetr' ANUUs w berse' Po ayori Thusday evening, or b fy telemtronDr. aunhsepam,t claesfrldesadgnlatn hsPatle tCodtallege.pLonon verspakic, aedand literature,andote lotangugslaxtls- Ol Jop ielshryt t'ime.Prea.Nration (i agige)foer caan tileaOld Bondistreeurfata on the,same teivrskmsas rmy, at heppis oir a Dr.le AmntSoaUs. ow MoesEc lagug H. pokecquin t his prvae ro-s nd sepaathe al till continues to InSTRUCT clerical sand other PUPILS in ELOCUTION, to meatclassesinfamileiesand reboots forXneslish eneerally, and to engage for public seedings and leeturee_-7, Wyndham street. sasonsrae W. LI'URE of STAMMERING end DEFECTIVE N./ARTICULATION.Mr. BELL, Profeecor of Elocution. l8, Barrington-square, N. W.-ELDOUTIONARY INSTRUCTIONS. pnivartely. In schools, and In families. Two Puplisas Boarders ~3 IIT1 G okepn,&c.-SMiITH and liON W T T CHgneu afne bodcomameeralHA.D, and ladles; an eleats of writing, bookkeeping, atid arithmetic, also short-band. At 13 an HighBll Holborn, near Gray's-inn-lane, and 19, Wornewood-str eet cty. Eermy pupiltaught privately. rp AN DIT ES' SC IBLE.-AThey an coplte lC to qu0 fu pebs the Royal thaemselvsof ui,wse o FO FTOGutrTEan C oAsSin cholerttanererwce Towandorsounry o object. AddosstIL.,,.Prvlaees, V.. 5ent'e-nrk. rg-tye CAET BE G OSSBaywer.-Mh avrtie. nae h. oqalif pershonsu toTEC anonetathem elvso oheshePAO weOkTf, GuNItar, aDeposrtelna, ind12 lltessn,froegie.o newd sandise methrday, whe icht cansb coneasl cqie y snso n mont Horses, 74, Quoeen's-road, Dayewater. DACIUat' TU "ENISACADEMIY,5, lo. 5on b on , a Thursdays. Juvenile class Wednesday and Satnedal *tternoomns. Scbools and fuilles scitended. AdultelaRees ifor private pracie ueiecassfrdnig eot sment, a nd calisthenics c o l adca s stedd A Bel, an. . Prtiular onap Bigble,or bytenrce a.. estabnenb p 1 p~~~, ~~&~~d, anghtDAUPrso TeR!alS, dn es.pTeadvaint of auneraclsn wit ladr.iesa IA! t ness leds to apId p Ogress. Cluee1s O evey eenCOing, u assemblyn guineaBLANaa quarter,R- I ewman.street,dOtrd-taeetf p'rvate leson w to ladies u antl andtrtstep.,verolaa,laners,n,aop,d. ; ioure lesons 6 s. ;o d.,n ings te ms ne uina pr qu rte. S hoos a dlemonslto atedled,an Firasg, tacherfor he Roal Bils, nd o th le oflsdeuof thearmy clases, nd cmplees tem I a Sow lcson.-97B, Reg essnt- street: entacei-valost,a ('~HBISMAS PATIES ~ person wishing to loi i th fstie anc ondoobtals19gafew PRIVITH IsESiONS f th Meses. ARSHLL, rof easrsin Of danine 11, T~~ R SU of AINTING6 for CUPYING. poser Ibisnew) heA"RIchG Q)uadille, astagreead upone by theCongres of Dncing actars atVenna,n bise no prepared tof ~,tltoOterprfesinas.Adres 1 MSorUieeTre, C7avben- Lodo; Or AL0, EesT.Sre, CheTeh-iemi wfhere shotlywil bepubised te Oiialpmot MuilEr and the Transeationso the insuretsf.itt teBtd o hi ntrstn 55gn ain beII hadmired t roa elserebnhe to any 4 dnl spert,03 of COTF .N,LOUR s PAdNtdoNGiMr by varius arists,an priaeinci CIHEAP LECTRIaLd SERITS, tnisn ofES mavin Blsopsatesteetwitin B.Cy Lgrt fr pee fon aplcurato by lhettert ofro tginseastion 111u pels, singldesecimn, fof eo J. PNNAN, 15. Sren,uondnw MTonebo antsie rB privaofteIn strutionin mneraoTyen ecology. enr m ese0a V SERIES of beautTflE andso at,a noIU m. theCirS exayinel mastrs oe he prpoe o inslertionunbnts and thindgeed, foMeton. UTCFI FOWERIN ROOTS cheap :-12 fn J.Jhyainhs.12 orer yaints, S oube onosils 150 enOowdroos. 11 solauhususrisus.50 oile ulis,foe0O. Id If double thej quantt eodrd hywl esnt caragaid. Tournesol and rez robeen uip,7. eid.BILB ed MOOULLOOCH, ses men,.oetsre.arrt ILTiX.frgan vpor Per~fumred Aahgsr, with l1road-1,c'y ambS o nd eslpc,i for agin. lk4ssaeaQWambtsat jsr5
I mTHE AMEBJCAR CRIqrq9 I TO THE TOt OIFOP TECH TIMT. 8ir,-Before us lies a man exseeding ill; it Is a criis wiitb him. Hitherto, with far-between occaslon, he has bsoa in exoellent oondltlon-he&d io-like, Etomach gue elsticl, bowels of metallic toughnae. Bat now dizztnes ix the upper regionx, strcture ar the gatrio generator, anu Abdominil eccent dy-to xay nothing of a pulso at P. gUllop-wrn the pson that he is "off the track," and aet his frlends to speculting on the cause of this abnormal At of things. Could it have ben the lobster salad ? as one; or tie sdden expansion of the system on entering the furna!beated supper-room ? adde another; or the abrupt contrao. tion of It on encountering the midnight air? inquires a. third. The mwn of medidine h consulted by each particular inquistor as to his own pet notion, and that universal con. isoler assures every one of the curious theorists that hls. perspicacity is beyond all degree. Now, tho doctor is right the cause-seekers are not wrong, and yet the conning fellow; -who is not on oath to tell them the whole trath-has dropped his persecators on the road to knowledge before even the seoond milestone was in sight. He knows that hi patient, whose blood-traveling faster thau a mail trainr behind time-must be shed freely te save his life, might have devoured a live lobster, shell and au, with a Rrn, bath on top of it, in lien of hock aud seltzer-water, had he not since childhood beea leading a very fast life. So Is it with the American people. AU sArts of origias are dogmaticllUy set forth to aecount for the diseaed condition of mind, body, and outward estateof this community, General Jackson's bank foray, which, like our first mother's untoward passion for fruit, is to be interminable, in its consequenoes, some wiseacrs fasten on sa. the primwn mobile of the present commotion. Others, more content to look on what is nearer their noses anathematize the banks which, tbey say, are gentle as somany sucking dores vrhen the iveather is fair, but harder hearted than Mormons when the wind is fouL Unboundedr Importations against uncertain exportatlona, exnensivd welling-houses, costly furniture, fastitrotting horses-na,, even ladies' wardrobes-are au pressed into the servioce br different sets of econorasts, according to their several idiosynoracles and opportunities for taking note. Now, there is no doubt that every bad and Inveterate habit in a nation, as in an individual, contributes its share to temporary. mishaps, aifd, ie persevered in, to final dissolutlion; but seriously to-attibute to any one alone of the causes juat enumerated the commerciil panic of to-day shows that ho. who does so would never have invented ganpowder, even it the world had waited for his advent to make the discovery. Houses, furniture, dress, and horseflesh may be indulged in to an excess, for aught I know, in this country, but the mischief caused by such extravagance, if it be not imaginary, Is from its very nature of an extremely limited extent. Very few persons, comparatively, cae to excel in sueca thtngs for the sake of the things themselves, and those who do, are for the most part able to gratify their tastes without lnjury to others. The true-blooded Amerlcan man of business does not pride himself on being a large landea proprietor, the occapant of a magnificent mansion, the owner of moveables- beyond price, or the master of the fleetest hor§e, except as means to help him to his end. His. glory is to be rich; to eclipse his neighbour in worldly show he will spare no expense, although that very experae, be knows, will In all probability turn the reality of riches. into the merest seeming. Fort him there must be at least the presumption of wealth, wlhoh in this country breedg enormous credit, which tempts, as we have lately seen thousands tm their ruin. So long as the sky Is serene 4 floats from year's end to year's end, lil;e little wanton, boys on bladders, now floundering in deep water, now tiding over sunken rocks, with the banks ever at hand to help him, on his way; but ret the heavens darken with bursting_ clouds, and behold I the banks are shut to his bewildered. vision, while he is carried helplesly down the current, hiscry of distress unheeded or unheard. Banks in this coun- try, as you know, correspond some. what to private banking-houses in Europe. Here their chief sin is that they set the example to individuals of trading ora credits which are manifoldly beyond rhat their capitals honestly justify. Whenever, therefore, troublous times arrive their chief care Is by necesity to provide for theic own safety, which is shamelessdy done by a voluntary bank. rnptey under the genteel " saspension of specie payment" appellation-a synonyme, at least for a certain season, t 1a baso fraud upon the holders of their filthy rags. If a merchant cannot redeem his paper he is X bankrupt. In what Is a bank better than a- man, and why should It more than he be allowed to escape the penalty of trylng to deceive others by a false show? A bank should be treated with no indulgence whatever. _. Its JoulJhss, iniqvitous.cupidity ought to be visited with infinitely more severity than the reckless foolhardiness of an isolated individual. It behoves all persons dealing with America-to know that they are in some measure dependent on the banks of thi.- country; and, without any disparagement to my countrymen, who, I dQubt not, are as honest as other mm, E think it ought to be known that banks, constituted and conducted as they are here, offer unbounded temptations to roguery. Their executive officers can do their pleasure in spite of the directors, who frequently are but men of straw,-retired merchants, successful grocers, leather. dressers, or mere idlers,-so that when a president or cashier chooses to abscond with a sRua to suit his needs they, poor creatures, are the last to loarn the fact, and the loudest to express their astonishment. In these bankinghouses there is no general system, and responsibility is but a name. A national bank-something resembling the Bank of England or of France-is naturally indicated as an effectual remedy for bank evils in this c-ountry. And so it would be. in certain respects, because all subordinate institutions of the like nature would be compelled to follow its lead. It would, too, command the beet talent and miost enlarged experience to do. it service and exact observance; but theobjection to such an establishment invariably made, and. insuperable, I fear, is that, whatever party might be in power it would be inevitably turned into a political engine. By proper precautions, however, this anticipated mischief could be avoided, I think, and one of the predisposing inh citants to a periodically recuming fever in a rash and nervous community would be thus removedL The present crisis willsoon be over-much sooner than wr.s that of 1837, because, although the cause always remains the same, the occasions of 1857 are by compsrison with those. of the former year futile even to absurdity. There never was a time when the United Statesvwere so plenteouslysupplied with everything which man covets, not excepting eveneilver and gold; banL-vaults are full of the precious metals, and yet no specie is to be had, and the necessaries oE life are at an exorbitant price. Why, a revulsion mast Epeedily take place. Pablic opinion, like steam, beyond a certaiu point is Irresistible; and who can believe that thepeople of this country are to be played upon much longer, as so many instraments, while vagabonads are dancing to thetune of " Suspended specie payments a True, we have been trying to go faster than onr legs could carry us, and omr noses are in the dust; bat by this time our eyes are nearly clear of it. Yet, notwithstanding the rapidity of our motion, such is the general healthiness of commercial relations here that not one man of the hundredswho have failed In business, itis believed on good authority, became bankrupt without meriting well his fate. It w,s a host of daring specuLators, many of them merchants, who. had left their legitimate business to try their lck in stocks and "w western lots," aided by a pack of gambling brokers on the Exchange, subject to no rigid discipline in their transactions, as in older countries, who have contributed largely to the present lamentable bht unnecessary confusion in theworld of money. Permit me to add a few lines by way of advice to, foreigners who have made, or who are about to make, invest. ments of capital on this side of the Atlantic. Whoever among them possesses property inuAmerica, let him hold toit firmly, and in less than six months, notwithstanding ite present depreciation, it will fetch all that it was worth sLx months ago. Whoever among them may wish tco purchase property at a moment so favourable, lIt. bim buy nothing but Btocks of the United States, and ot those States and principal cities which every honest and well-informed banker in Europe ought to be able to reoommend to him. Let him do so, andi he wll never cry ont against the bad faith of Americans ; but if, for the sake of an enormous interest, he sees fit to turn his gold and silver into imaginary " land lots,' swamped railways, and bonds of " classes " innumerable, he may com-. plain, and witb exceUent reason, but of his own foll£ alone. Your obedient PprvanL A " STATES "-MAN. Baltimore, Dec. L
UIrtSTmAS WEATHEr Ii THE; T NorTH.-The-. weather on the north-east coast during the Christ. mas holydays has been the most remarkable ever remembered by the oldest inbabitants. Old Feamen and fishermen who have spent their lives on the North Sea have no recollection of such a long "pell" of, open sunny weather at Christmas as we have experienoe. this year. The furze bushes are out in bloom on the bents upon the Northumberland coast, and daisies, primroees, an& otber spring flowers may be seen peepiDg from the groard. On Christmas-day numerous parties were. observed bathing: in the sea near Cullercoats and Tynernouth; and to notioe a person walking with a top coat on w&a something remarks able on that day; The mild weatberand the generaldepr"-.. sion of trade are very muoh affecting tb coal.trade AboT200 vessels,generslly emuployed in the ocoal trade are laid up in the Tyne. They are off risk. aDd are a&lowed 17s. * per cent, by the mutual ioaunce clubs. Tboe wre.kE howvever, have been fewer on the naorth-eat eoa* this year then for some years pest.
2rsE STATB OF DBLHI . 'The following are extracts from a very interesting I private letter, datedDelhi Palace, Nov. 16:- : " We are here to accompany a column about to march dosu country to convey tents and carriage to Cawupore fo'tl e Commander-in-Chief and troops from England, now seaching CawUpore In numbers. No date is yet fixed f,r ie: column leaving this; in the raeawhile a grand sale Is taking place of the oaptured booty of Delhi, and a wonder. ful and rare sight it is to see all the collected things-the tpoils ofa sacked Palace and city! We left * * at 19 o'clock at aight, ad it was strange to find oureives driving by starulight along the Delhi road, 'which is as safe now as an Englih lae ! We 4lpt camly on the way, but roused at dawn to watch tho Utia field of the Hindox (where General A. Wilson distin,2aished himself), and shortly caine in sight of shattered DelhL What a memorable aightI Every wall or bastion that faced our camp is in alinost shapeless rauin, while the white marble pavilions of the Paiace rise unharmed along -the Jumna's bank. "In one of thnse live the . There is no dwscribing the beanty and quaintness of their rooms. I long for photo. ,Vapbs to send home. They are all of inlaid marble, with %emuanabs pltohed in the zenane.h courts between; but .11 around speaks of awful war-the rows or. rows of -captured guns--the groups of English soldiers at every p-st ; and not English only, for our brave defenders the sGhoorkas,Sikhs, and Cabulees mingle among them. A strange A-my, indeed, with not a trace of pipeclay ! It is a frightful drive from the Palace to the Cashmere.gateevery liouse rent, riven, and tottering; the church battered, and piles of rnbbish on every side. Alas ! the burnILropeaa houses and deserted shops ! Desolate Delhi ! ai.d yet we are told it is clearing and much iaI roved sinoe the storming of the place. It has only as -et a handfilof ihbihtats in its great street, the Chandaee -Choke, who are all Hindoos,l I believe. Many miserable wretches prowl through the camps outside the city begging -for admission at the various gates, but none are admitted whose respectability cannot be vouched for. Cartloads of Itall are being daily dug out from the Moirie Bastion, now % shapeless battered mass. The matineers are collected itn Oade in formidable masses. Most of them are szepresented as hopeless, and aware that they are only sembling there to die After Oade there will ensue -a Rohilcund campaign. There will be atmple work for vvery nan whom mother England has sent out; but it is a triauuph of the great Anglo-Saxon race that so much has Ibeen accomplished before the reinforcements came by india's Army of Heroes, "few, but undismayed." Tha fnger of God is indeed traceable in the taking of Delhi. Let no man at home dare to underrate the work, or talk of the delay of its accomplishment, It was a daring, fearful undertaking for our small army, 4gainst such a city of endless fortification and so very %aumerous an enemy. liad not God been on our side, that vast army of mutineers could never have been -driven from such a stronghold. How heedless, how pur'poseless our enemies have been; though at times they have fought desperately. Great perils may attend the passage of ihe column we are to accompany. I, may possibly meet bodies of mutineers on the road in sufficient numabers to Attack us, and we may find ourselves in the midst of a battle; but, as ladies are to be permitted to go under its -escort, It is of coursehoped thaitthe road wiU notbeimpeded. Many unisnal precautions will have to be taken, no teats or oervauts can be sent oa over night (as in peacefal times) to a&wait our arrival l the morning; but we must carry one small tent only, 'which cannot be struck till we are about to 7arch with it ourselves. All mast keep close together; there would else be certain hArm from armed thieves. I fear we may lose some of our baggage, bat we shall arrange And hope for the best. Some artillery go with us and some :Crrabineers, and a party of the gallant Sikh Guides, and a Puujabee Ressalah is expected In time to move with us. Most -f the neighbouring Naw-abs have been brought in captive, to Crve au account of their conduct during the last few mnonths. Pome are criminated beyond doubt, others have only been -very discreditably neutaL We have seen the captive King v4nd Royal family ; they are in ruinous little rooms In one 4of the gates of the Palace. The old King looks very frail, -and ba a blauk, fixed oye, as of one on whom life is fast .closing. He, oertaily, is too old to be responsible for any. thing that has been done, With his sons much more guilt 4may lie; some have been shot, as yot must have tead, oim are yet untaken. The youngest son we saw looking .llke 15, they say 18, bold and coarse to look at. ele ts 'the only child of the Queen. With her some of our ladies liave had a long Interview ; they found her seated on a com.anoa charpoy (bedstead), dressed in white cotton-clothes, ,with few and very trifling ornaments,-all heirgrand things 'hving been taken from her.. She is described as short and stouft, above 30 years of age, with a round, animated faoe, mot at all pretty, but having very pretty little plemp hands; -she was outting betelnut to eat with her pawn. Some 30 'females, relatives and menials, surrounded her. She profeess the utimost horror of the 3d Cavalry, to whom she traces W11 her misfortanes. She says the KIng was helplessto on-trol them, and that when their arrival had placoed Delhi in robellion against us they were ag ready to rob her as any,ne else. She says the mutineers did rob the Palace, and that all her jewels were only saved by being buried. Sh, does not seem to blame us for their present captivity; sh ,understands the necessity for inquiriRg into guilty or innocent parties; but she did not seem to assert the King's innocence as much as her own. She said he had been ln the hands of bad people. There appeared to be tightful rivalries among the woomen; it is said she crinsinated the sons of the former wives, she being the Asst. Her sister is represented as much better looldng than herself, and has a daughter of 13 married to the King's :youngest son, already mentioned, and reputed very beautifuL. Our ladies desoribe her as having superb large eyes, -and a mest beautiful little mouth, but her face otherwise too fiat and fulL Some of the women told them they had ibad English women and children in the Palce after the mas,sacre, in hopo of preserving them, but that the mutineers dexuanded them and could not be resisted. They say the Sepoys complained that the King was feeding Englishwomen daintily, while he only gave them gram for food. Heaven knows ifthe Royal family be clean in heart and hand or mot. I 6ay nothing sentimental about them, but I pity 4hem. Their religion is quite enough to excite our pity, -_and If they have been abettors of murders they ought to be pitied for their sins. If tbey are, as they say, innocent of ,any share in the rebelioa they are victims indeed. ' I trust all esaminations may be judiciously and fairly -conducted. Mr. - is an excellent man-most upright and indefatigable in discovering the truth, and withal most 't-nder-hearted. He wdll not spare the guilty, nor inflict suffering on the innocent. But I must pause." 'The following letter from an officer affords a reinarhable illustration of one of the greatest of Indian difficulties-the low moral state and helplessness of the people, and especially of the Bengaleer "October 20. " I am sure, if anything is dispiriting It is the work I have in hand just now in collecting carriage for the troops which ,are every day arriving. The eternal shifts and evasions of the zemindars, of the cart drivers, of the contractors, lead -to constant disappointment; and were it not that I begin 'o think that one must make up one's mind to a repetition eof the sanme kind of semi-demi suceess throughout life, at ]ost in India, why I should be thoroughly disgusted. " Any-where else high wages and regular payment would bring the carriage in of itself. Here it only makes the mat. -e more complicated, as yon have to take the greater precauttions to insure the strict fulflmaent of your conditions, -and no one will believe that you can insure it. The very police are all engaged in defeating your object. They have oatually so terrified the owners of carts that no one can -undertake a contract to provide carts until he has secared -the interests of the darogah by agreeing, of course, to pay a percentage on the profits. Then, sgain, the aml3h or officers of my oourt usod formerly to have the real diree'ton of theae sort of oontracts; and because Goverument ls now attemapting to do away with impressment, in which ,lay their enormous profits, I cannot get the sightest assist. -aco from them. On the contrary, they intrigue right and left to prevent parties from coming to a settlement with me. 'Thus I have had one contractor after another slip through ray fingers for no apparent reason; in fact, while consenting ;ho refuses. I have just now lost a couple of hours in siwering a sudden 'Icomplication' between an agent of -snine and one of a neighbouring officer, who are fighting -with eaoh other and doing theirbest to embroil us together;: and hure iE another who positively declares that nnless I ;give him the aid of the police he cAnnot secure a single ,ghary. I know well enough what that probably meansviz., tha' he wants an order for impressment, which wold 'be a small fortune to him. If I refuse I risk the eofs of hi aid altogether, as the chances are heill throwv up, in the -ertanty that before long I must take to impressment." JBOriNMsATranS' MTMTnTG.-DUDn Y, Wednesday T-vening.-The usual preliminary quarterly meeting of the ison trade ww beld at the hotel in this town this afternoon. 'There was a numerous attendance of ironmasters. Mr. P hiliD Wimams, the hairman of the trade uasoiation, ipresided, and mogt of the leading firms of the district were represented, After considerable discussion it was resolved that the price se Staffordabire bar for the next quarter be 8; hooy, 91.; a nd hhees ad plates, 91. lOs per ton at the work. Thb Is fa Mduelon of 2. per te on the publiused Bls for mT re ire n. It wam also reslved that 14 daye notee be gt-m from Saturday next, the 2d of -J=11% to redue puddleT ' wages Is. per to, sad a oot- VspoA g rednctlouInr aillinen' wages,
ROMAN COOQUEST AND COLONIZATION. TO TIHE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -There is certainly no reason to apprehend that a British Legislature wiUl be led away in the measures it may adopt for the future government of India by a pedantic reference to classical antiquity. Nevertheless, thoughtful men have been asking what was the policy of the Romans, onr great predecessors ia conquest and colonization, in the administration of their provincial empire, and whether the leasons of their experience, so succemstsl and so illustrious, admit of any application to our own circumstances ? a sketch of this policy may perhaps be interesting at the present moment. If it only helps to clear our ideas upon the subject it may not be without its use, in the face of difficulties the depth of which, as Mr. Bright traly says not one of us has yet fUoly aounded. It would be a mistake to suppose that this Roman polloy was a uniform system. During the early period of the empire, when It flourished moat vigorou8ly, it is presented to us under three great modifications in different parts of the empire respectively. 1. Throughont the whole of Europe, Greeceonly exoepted, and the western half of Africa, the conquests of Rome had been extended over rude and scattered tribes loosely grouped sogether, with little of social organization, and imperfect institutions, without arts, laws, or literature. The conquerors entered into possession twith the avowed object of fusing all these tribes together in the mould of their own civilization. They had much to teach them and nothing to learn from them, and they set about the 'work of Romanizing the barbArians, by force or fraud, vigorously and unscrupulously. The wars by which these people had been brought into subjection had been long and sanguinary. Their best blood bad been sbed before their country could he enslaved; the claims of their chiefs to rule over them had been extin. guished on the field of battle. As soon as terms of peace were granted the conquerors proceeded to carry off the surviving nobles to Rome, to educate them in Roman ideas, or to keep them as hostages. They draughted the most warlike of their new subjete into battalions destined to serve on dishant frontiers. They pro. scribed, as in Gaul for exatple, the turbulent and fanatical religion of the upper castes, exterminating their priests the Draids, while they proclaimed without hesitation the essential unity of the popular creed with their own nolytheism, and overrode them both by the formal institutibn of the Cesar-worship. Meanwhile they encouraged Roman citizens to take up their residence In the provino, established in it numerous colonies of disbanded leglonarles endowed vith conquered lands, and limprtei Roman privileges int different degrees to persons, towns, and communi. ties among the natives as the reward of fidelity. In these provinces they left no cities in the free use of their own institutlons; tho Roman municipal law was established througbout them all, and administered by Roman offioals; while the local assemblies they organized after a certbin Femblance of their own were adapted, not for trainig in self-government, but for the assessment of local taxation, A large military force, Roman and foreign, with little ad. mixture of native levies, was maintained at some imn portant stations; but generaUy the police of the country was Intrustod to a native militia, jealously trained and officered, whica was never found to give trouble to the Government. Under this system Roman Idas made osr. prising progress; the laws, language, and literature of the conquerors became fixed in the provincea as firmly as In the metropolis itself; the inbabitants were speedily trans. formed into Romans, though Romans of a lower type. Gaul, Spain, and Africa furnished a large proportion of the best names to Latin literature under the Empire, and the triumph of the Latin language over the native idloms, s, rapidly acquired, has never been shaken to the present day. The fusion of races. reulted in the Romanizing of the natives. Successfal, however, as the Roman policy was in the West in preserving tranquility and developing material prosperity, it vill be seen at a glance how totally inapplicable it is to our circumstances. Commenced in aggression, it was carried out with violence and fraud such as we must repudiate with horror; nor, indeed, could we per suade ourselves that any modification of it woould be lawf al, would the application be possible. These regions were easily accessible to the Romans frora every point. Their people only twice or thrice outnumbered the conquerors, with whom they were for the most part homogeneous; there was no antipathy between them of race and colour. rheir climate differed little from the Italian. In all these respects the Romans were favourably circumstanced for the task of governing and organizing in the West. We can approolata their advantages from the contrast of our own position in India. 2. If we now turn to the provinces of the East we shall find both the ciroun-tanooes and the policy of the Romans ohanged. In Greece, in Syr* -d Asia Milnor, the con querors found themselves face to fae with institutions long established, with monarchies and republics of world-famo. celebrity, laws understood and reverenced for ages, litera ture, religion, and philosophy, which had swayed the most enlightened of mankind from the dawn of civilization The Romana were awed and fascinated. They acknowledged that here they had much to learn and nothing to teach. The submission of thewe nations had been easily gained, and their meekness left no excuse fo, rigorous measures. Accordingly weo meet in the East with none of the precautions adopted elsewhere. The chief ! were not cheated out of their rank and influence, th5 towns were not deprived of their laws and instiutdons. | While above 100 Roman colonies are enumerated In the West, hardly 10 or 12 can be pointed out inthe East; but the proportion of free States is more than reversed. The religions of these countries exeroised a great charm over the Imagination of the Romans. The conquorers placed themselves humbly at the feet of the expounders of Eastern lore. Though the chief authority was always in the hands of a Roman governor, backed by Roman legions, no attempt was made to impress Roman ideas upon the natives by force, or even by persuasion. Though no rastraint was laid upon the imagination of Roman citizens, and numbers of them settled in the East for business or pleasure, the fusion which ensued resulted rather in turning the Rorcans into Orientals than the Orientals into Romans. The conquorer abandoned the simple virtues of his own land, and sank into Orliental vices still deeper than the Orientals them8elve8 fore then, sgain, is an example which we can see only to shun, Our circumstances, indeed, in India have borne no little resemblance to those of the Romans in the East, and oxamples have not been wanting among ourselves of the fatal seduction they have exercised. Our young, halfeiducated officials have often been saved from moral ruin only by the strong influence of home associations and the cherished prospecb of return. A false step in our policy might easily expose us to the same temptations and reduce us to the sa me moral degeneracy as the Romans. 3. But, thirdly, one province, that of Egypt, was treated exceptionaUy. The circumstances of that counatry were peculiar. It was important, first, from the demand for corn, its staple produce, for the sustenance of Rome itself; and, again, from the strength of its position, accessible only from the sea or across the desert, if it sbould ever place itself in revolt. It was, moreover, the seat of a very dense population, the centre of long accumulated wealth; its iostitutions were ancient and veaerable; its ideas exercised a spell over the imagination of its own people, and were not without a mysterious influence over the stranger; the indigenouspopulation, distinctin race and colourfrom all the other subjectsof the empire, were exoitableandrestlessincharacter, and capable of the most sudden caprices and wildest excesses, under the sway of fanatical impulses. Mid, patient, and intelligent in his ordinary moods, the Egyptian, in the frenzy of religious rancour, could slay, torture, and even devour his enemies. The rixture of the Coptic with the Macedonian and Jewish elements in the great seats of government and commerce was like the combination of sulphur, saltpetre, and charcoal, from 'which the most fear- ful explosions might at any moment be apprehended. It was under these circumstances that the Romans determined to deviate altogether in Egypt from their policy elsewrhore. They abstained from the foundation there of any colonies ; they forbade the settlement of their citizens without special license; they excluded the ordinary administration at home from all share in the Government, which they made to depend directly upon the Emperor; they left the natives, subject only to the ultimate control of a Roman garrison, in the full enjoyment of their usages and super. stitions. It was necessary to provent by aUl means the collision of the haughty conquerors with such irritable subjects, and with thbn object In view they abandoned aU Idea of fusing the two races together; they neither raised the natives to their own level nor dqbased themselves to theirs, but kept as far as possible aloof from them, satisfied with the pursuit of their own material interests, and enforcing the annual tribute to their necessities. Here then, at last, we have found a striking analogy between the ielatlon of the Romans towards Egypt and onr own towards India. Here we remark the dense population, the antipathy of race and colour, the inscrutable moral Impulses, whieh constitute some of our own greatet diaiculties. Here, also, we find the enervating climate in wrhich European constitutions would probably degenerate. And combiDed with these outward analogies we find also, curiously enough, a policy adapted to them, bearing on its face a masked resemblance to that of our East Indian Company down to the last quarter of a aentury. The Roman policy in pgypt was undorbtedly nocefuL. The .on*y was preserved for age& in perfeot tranquillity, and its resourss were developed to an unpecedented extent. Whether such a policy Was esntial to this prosperity, whother itf pipareut resemblanoo to Wt whieb we ha,o ourue1ves recently exercised be merely acddenta, or founded in Wise forethought In both cae-e, these and otber questions may be decided by tho9e whose buiness It is to determlne the ftuture of the emapire; but it oan hardly be superfluou5 to draw attention to then at a moment when every thinking man among us, however humble his position, is straining all his faculties to find a olUtioH( for the awful problem before us. I remain. Sir. ,nnr rlhinWIk -- C. ii.
ELECrRO.MArAGZTISA A A MOTIVE PO WBR. TO THE EDirOR OF THE TIMUES. Sir,-My attention has been directed to an article on "Electro-Magnetism as a motive power," inserted in Satarday's paper. As that artiole is, in my opinion, calculate I to lead the public to form sanguine expectations which must ultimately be disappointed, I hope you will afford a small portion of your space to one who has been mteh oocupied with the subject since the time that Mr. Sturgeon first exhibited a working electro-magnetic engine aS the Western LIterary and Scientific Intitution, London, on the 21st March, ]833. I was at first quite aa sanguine as Jacobi, Davidson, or any of the more modern speculators. I constructed an engine in 1838, and several others subsequently. But In 1843, having discovered the numerical relation between heat and mechantcal force, I was enabled tv determine with absolute certainty the greatest quantity of work which can be got out of a pound of zinc by means of any electro-magnetic engine, howsoever perfect. The way in which this was done is very asq to be understood. An electro-magnetic engine consists of two parts-viz., a voltaic battery, and a system of moveable bars of iron surronaded by coils of wire. The current frosu the battery travetses these coils, and by means Mf suitable contrivanoes is made to pass alternately in opposite directions, whereby alternate attractions and repulslons are produced, by means of which a contilnued motion takes place. Now, a current of electricity traversing a conduotor gives out a quantity of heat determined by fixed laws which nece3sstate the invariablUity of the amount of heat given out by the entire circuit for each pound of zinc con. sumed in a given battery so long as the engine Is kept stationary. But the instant It is set in motion a reaction tal,e3 place on the intensity of the current, occasioning a dimlantion In the quantity of heat evolved by the circuit during the consumption of each pouand of zinc. The heat which thus disappears is not, however, destroyed; it is converted Into the mechanical force given out by the engine, each degree of beat per capadty of a pound of water being thus converted into a mechanioal force represented by the fall of llb. weight through 772 feet. Therefore, in order to find the quantity of work whisch can be got from an absolutely perfect eleotro-magnetic engine we have only to ascertain the quantity of heat due to the consumption of zinc il the battery, and then to find, by mean of the above relation, the work to which that heat is equivalent. The Philosophiz" Magazine for December, 1843, p. 441, contains an account of such experiments, the result being that 1lb. of zinc consnmed in a Grove's battery is able, if all the heat be utilized, to raise 1,843,601b. weight to the height of one foot; but that in a Danieil's battery only 1,106,1601b. can be raised by the same consumption. Subsequent researches have altered these figares a little, diminishing them to about 1,698,OOOlb. and 1,019,0001b. Hence the itmost work which could be performed by an absolutely perfect englne by eaoh pound of zino consumed in the best battery is 1,698,OOOlb. raised one fjot, whioh In Watts e3timate is equal to one-horse p mwer exerted during 51 mintes, The conditions required by *-he Fzenoh are stated in your article to be "that the machine shall work one horse-power on an expenditure o f not more than half a kilogramme of zine." This, converted into English measure, using Watts's standard of horse-power, demanda a work of one horse-power during 54 minutes for each pound of zino, or three minutes longer than an abs3lutely perfect engine could perform. Thus the French prize Is offered to him -who with the existing voltsio battery s'iall accomplish an absolute impossibility. A great deal of unueceszy mystery and difficulty h%s been introduced by writers on electro-magnetlo machinery. Thus we read of the advantages or disadvantages of reciprocating and rotary motion, of long stroke and short stroke, No. The fact is that the electro-magnetio eugine is a very simple piece of machinery, and requires no great refinement of ingenilty t > give it all the perfection of which It Is rap%ble. In conjunction with the late Dr. Scoresby, I produced an engine (see Philopical Magazine, June, 1818, p. 433) which realized (the force needed to overcome friction being included) one-half of the above-named maximum; but the same experiments which give us this comparatively large result proved the utter hopelsnee of increasing that amount of duty in praotice to ahy but a very trifling extent. The following figures wl enAble your readers to compare the mechaniosi foroe rhich can be developed from zino coasnumed In different fornu or battery with that which oan be obtained from coal:- Tbeortlosa App,ramate m=xzoum pactuc,l mnaxbinnm in horse power. Ia horse powar. battss, per hour .. .-. Z58 -429 llb.of zlno oocnsumed luDa,efl's bat5,, per hour -' .. S '257 l3b. of eal scummed In a Aeam-eainue, pes hou, . 4458 '7r tf the enoue is worsked 'with Saturated vapour. Do. ,. .. .. .* - 2229 ifthe engIne is worked with sr or tupes'heated In looking at the above k the reader should observe that the first form of batt (Hr. Grove's), though most valuable as giving a powerfal and steady current of eleb. triolty, is charged on the negative surface with strong nitrio acid, the cost of which would preclude its use in arn economica engine. Comparing, then, the power developed by the consumption of one pound of zInC in a Daniell's battery with that of one pound of coal in a steam or air engine, wvefind the ratio in fsvour of the latter to be nine to one. So that, even if zinc were as cheap as coal, and a volai battery as easily kept in working order as an engine furnace, the former could never come into com. petitlon vwith the latter as a sonroe of mot'7ve power. The reason is obviously that the mechanical force developed in the oxidation of zinc is much less than that aeveloped in the combustion of coal, as proved by the relative quantities of heat obtainable by the two operations. Coold coal be used instead of zinc in a voltaic battery, or could the infinitude of minute carrents of electricity, which probably act as the intermediate sources of heat in the combustion of fuel, be led throngh conductors into one chaunel, then might a reasonable hope be entertained of electromagnetism equal. ling, or even to some extent surpassing, steam. The view taken by Liebig is undoubtedly correct, and is worthy of that most profound philosophical ohymist, and cannot be disposed of so easily as the writer of your article seems to suppose. It simply expresses that if A can take B from C, B unites with greater force to A than to C. Any one who asserted the contrary might perhaps be compared to an accountant who added 2 to 2 and found the result to be 5. It is humiliating to see how readily the matured judgment of an eminent cultivator of scienco is set aside. Personally he can well afford It, knowing that truth will ultimately triumph, but he regrets deeply vrhen he sees talents and energy misdirected tbrough ignorance of established scientifac principles. I am. Sir. Tours verv rs- nll_ JAMES P. JbULE. Oa]cfield, Manhester. T)h- 9o P. S. Those who mnay wish to inavestigate for themselves the state of knowledge on the above subject I would refer to the pipers of Phro5essor Rankine, in theTransaceio,- of the Roya Socety f Ednburh, t thearticles in Nicholls C~~o~sdi o th Pzrica &enc.s ad especialy to the work ofProtssaWrnim Tomso pulisod In the Tramu.. and in te Philosphi*zaZand Edinburgh,
RIoT WirT THE MrmmA.-On Friday night several soldiers of the regiment of the Staffordshire MliLtia, at present stationed in the Castle of Edinburgh, appear to lave been drinking in a publiohouse in the Cowgate at the foot of Blair street, and a fracas ensued among them aud several oivilians who had assembled there. A very large crowd speedily collected, and information of the disturbance having been sent to the Castle a picket of about a dozen men, under a sergeant, was despatched to the spot, but by the time they atrived the disturbance seemis to have been over. A crowvd of many hundreds of peonle, however, still thronged Blair-street; and in comoing up that street, after haviDg been in the Cowgate, some of the men belonging to the picket attacked a mechanic, and following him into one of thxe stairs leading to the South Bridge threw him down, and struck him with their belts and feet. His cries brought Lieutenant Milligana of the city police to his. aid. The moment he appeared some of the crowd called out that he was a police officer, on whioh the picket, leaving the* other sman, attacked Mr. AMilgan,' and, dra-lving their bayonets, stabbed him in the head several places; fortunately, however, the cubt are not serious. A young roan, naned Hugb Bald, who interfered to rotect Mr. ILiliga. wasg also set upon. hut both escapc;wi''th coinparatively slight injuries. On Monday the vinl,ons parties connected with the above fray, consisting of John Sheratt, John Tacker Young, Thomas Lawles (rather an appropriate name), and Jaimes X3llean, all private soldiers in the Staffordshire Militia, and Solomon Day. Lanee.Sergeant, were brouRht before the police bar, and remitted to a higher court. We are glad to learn thzf, Lieutenant Milliganis recovering, though slowly, from the effects of his injuries. Fortunateoly, the wounds are only flesh cuts, and, although severe eaough, are not likely to he attended with dangerous consequences, In addition to the cuts on the head, Mr. Mauigan has sustained several severe bruises about his arms; and, to show the dastardly nature of teattack, we may state that, on inspection, it is found thtt his top-coat in more than one plao6 hu ai n pierced by a bayonet. We trust thabt the result of tbe trial of the ftVe prIles above-named will be- such as, In some meeaure, to Ibaur the citizens against the outrage of armed men, whose duty it ouight to he to protect insitead of endangering the, livee of the naiat.SgeQ
BAILWAY -AND AIaING SHABBS.. Wednesday Evening. The railway,market was flat after the opening, but subsequently recovered aud steadily advanced to the close, the fiual quotations being at the highest point of the day. At 4 o'clock all the leading descriptions had improved i to 1 per cent., and after that hour transactions took place at a still further rise. The principal demand was for Midland, North-Eastern stocks, Caledonian, and North Staffordshire. Coloinal sbares were also better, and East Indian amid Grand Trunk of Canada left off respectively i and j per cent. above the last prices yesterday. There was an active inquiry for foreiga lines, especiaUy Dutch anct Belgian; Dutch Rhenish advanced about 11. from speculative purchases. In Americari securities a further recovery of about $3 occurred ,in Tllinois Central, the quotation at 4 o'clock beiDg 10 to 8 diacount; iNew York Central also showed increased firmness. In mines United Miexican were slightly higher. Joint-stock banks were steady, and show no important alteration. In miscellaneous securities the discount companies improved, wbile a partial relapse took place in Australian Agricultural; London General Omnibus left off fractionally better. OXDWAJuy erAnrE AND SToowT
THE CORN TBADB. OOMX-E1XHAWG, MbLAa-xAmr WXD2SAy-. DYM Al rIte quantity of Radisah wheat auid dlour fsTar Yenlitted this wee'c. bha;taley moTe liber,i, *l. to&l Irish OeAsate inT,erj shWt mppiy. Porelgn wheatsafal; mUPIpl, bakQC4Hl1oth8rer IDtlosit on o( ainatal floattbe annvAls aere,er smalL The&arriUlyAjj iAenio=nwhe&t4umm ;3~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~a, Oat ut tite Olhe geneal tole.t Beaen L er stoar, ,ng5s, UOUsae1s; datto,lorelgn,l,190scksaud2,190bamels it, 2,150 r. HULL Du. 29. The worether ltscoentin4 mild anf open, and the young wheats We to forward tlbs fears we eutertKteclest, they may buffet severely when wInter woettar bets in. Pfrming operations bave hitbert proceeded witbout a cheok,and outdoor Isbourhas sel]dou been known to be s, forward at this season as it ia now. Arrivals from abroad soutinue moderate. The lower Balitc ports are st11i open, but the latest advioes speak of a change ot tewperaure, and the appearance od Wintry weather. A telegram Pecetoed from Dautzic sesterday reports frost without a fal of now, and eenry pretrect of an icnmedlite close of the navigation. " The wheat trade ourint the week," says isuey and Co's Circur, "as bean steady, but buslcem rather held In beryance by the accasthred fetlvities atthls reaon. Tne oeduction in the Sank rate of discount to S er cent., the accouts fron the continent, and espeot of commercial affairs generally, tend to give a tone to the trale, and there apper a probability that peeant wnces will be well auppo ed durmg winter, as growers wili nOt be Interfered with by lage imprts from any quarter fors ome tumn tocome. We do not alr quottous, but for frit-class qualities ellenr have in some ialtances obtained a elght advauce, witt decidedly more freedom of sale. Russian wheste have aiso attrbeted more attenfftio, and the moakes is about cleard or parcels offerint at late currency." At t-da)'s mrkee therew a fair upply of Englith wheat, wltioh mold tadlf at fuly lat week's rates. Les toreign offering, aud a bett.- demand. Barley rather stiffens invalue. Beans and pe tunaltered, with a fair retell ne. Oats quiot, but not offered at leis Tbe folowring are the current Qoutatlons:-Engll.h wheat, old whle. S& to 54e. old red, 45. to 6h ; new white, i0i to64., new red, 46..o 5ts.. Dantito, iKog,igeg , 14f. to 7as.. Datch and Bel glaas, 61s. toSit Baitio and Hanuui, 49r. toSla; Danlehand Hotstein, 47.a to 49s. Petmburi and SIcs, 41L, to45& , English at4e,g barley, 34a to 3w,. gtindiDeB 28- to 32s. e. 84 ad Oderbrur, Ush iiD 36ds; Hoistein and Danish, Shs to Ma. ; guind[Dig Ste. to 3-ID& En glish eatsz old its. toS :newr. Is.. tols,;: foreign, lid. to 13n. er stu: Engilab beans, 41e to 44s. pler quarter; newf, 40e tp lt.; tcelgn beXans 3Ids to 4s.i per quarter: Eu;glisit pearf 43e. to b41; foreign bseakes-s ISo to 3h,. grindIng, 38.. to 40.. grinding tees., 315. tolls5a indilan corn, Jla,.to 37.. feeding linseed, 13.. to. ie. cenihing, gas.tostie. Unseed cakee (oull), Li Ie. 6~.t t 1£5.. per ton, foreign, £8 to £L8 lie.; rap coker, £8 7'. 6n to £6 lOt.; boeae, £7 to£7 8.t SEIEZLD, DMm. 29. At ba-day'a arket there was y limited trade pasng In aU deegslos of gra1a,s ad uotitlou !n prces, QOotatloa:-ew wheat, white, VOL to 63, rer ld o'c athee Imperl bushel;s red, 17L to 2U ; bmnN c17s. to 19. 6a.; peas, 17. to 9sa; grIndLng bIS. 5k;to M7a aqurtr a lting barley. ts to 44A. old oats, 3:(h. to 33 £ new. t^r o 29a ; inatu corn, 40m. to 42. ; flour, la 10d. 3L, and 2s. Sd.er stone. At the catt!ercarket to-day theee was only a moderate axnanint of bustme done In beasts 2u former rat, but pigs found purchsers, ia some Instanoes at bigher rate. KIlch cows sold at fron .318 to ;£0 ; barren beii, £12 to £18; smell store pigs, lt. to 1.,; large ditto, 1e. to P5ie; peokerse 61. K to 6C Gd. per stone. There was a lasge spply of hay am turnips, but sraw Was scarc Trade was inactile at former rates. HAL £4 4. to £i5 er ton; wheat staw, 35a. to lO.s; ox' straw, 40r, to a; turnips, lie. o Ie. ; swedes, Is, to 20O! er ton. At o.herham Sat oat-rarket yestrday there was a fair supply of beasts, hut asma1l show 'if sheep. The beel trade was slow. anSd. d,per atone loirn r.MaCton without change. Bseef, 6o d. tLo h, 6d. per ilous mutton. 6L, toCid, per lb. At Dsocser ftcatle-mrket to-dy ythere was *a very poO thow of stock, especiall of sheep, atd the trado ruled dell. Beet, Ta. tO Tr4 6d, Der atne ; mutton, 6d. tO Td., per lb. NEWOUBTIE. Dwx. 29. At to-day's market there was a fair sbow ao wheat, wbIcb morel off steadil at ltaturday'a rates, with a trlihng ImMporement onsomo vm. ples. Barley, oate, aud beans unaltred in value At the oattle-market itdal thee was a brisk demand for good bese t tanormer rates: Inferor animas negleCted. The muttontrade wag inactive at lowor rates. AtC kipton tat cattle-market yesterday there Wa a short eepphrof stock anda slow trade. Beef ad to eid. Per pound. Mutton met a slow sale at id. toC6d. per paumd. Calving be4sts sold lnguidly at lower rate. ilore be unatered i value. DIBLIN. Dx. 19. There wa a emaU supply of all kiune of grain at Market to-day, and we note no alteration ia the pices of tis day wek White wheat o6i.e 00, to SS& Gd. 2ag. Od. to 35.d. Bedditto ..24s Od. to 27s. l Oatmeal 145, Od. to5 S1 i. Barley.. ..1 Od. to Ib 6L Bakters' n, Bere .. .. 14 C4lto 15s. O perOcw . t6. Od. to 2 Od. Oats ., tle 0 s to 14s. 6d cons, 09%,bok .lla. Od. to 3s. Od, I1 er'.Blb . 316. to d 333. 6d
,SALT WATER IXN TZE S2EP--NTrIX. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIEMS. Slr,-If we substitute pure, fresh, and running stream water for the Serpentine, instead of salt water, I think the advantages will be much greater in every way; and if the waters are not aUowed to be beyond four feet deep (as an average), bathers who are not swimmers could enjoy them. selves without danger, and in winter the skaters and sliders w7ould not lose their healthy relaxation, which must be the cme if salt water were let into the Serpentine basin. But first get your salt water, and that' would be enormous, to obtain from Brighton, as to oost ; then it would be worthless and ineffic cious after 50 miles' run through iron pipes; and the bathers would be regularly " done brown" after wah. ing in such a mixture. Again, the sea water, for warta of ebb and flow action in the Serpentine, would smell worse than turpentine-in fact, more like stle eggs; and, finaly, the watering the roads with sa water would never do. as It his been tried and will not do, in consequence of the saline deposit keeping the roads ia slop. Sea water is best and most useful in the ocean, and it would be very out of its proper bed in the Serpentine, and certainly saffer by the change. Allow me to suggest the sinling of a deep and thoroughly efficient artesian-well at the head of the Serpentine (similar to the one now la course of completion at the Bois de Bologne, Paris). This would be ornamental and us4fta at once, by keeping up a continnal running stream over the fountain basins] and through the Serpentine river, and it would then be available for watering roads, scouring through and cleansing the filthy drains and sewers of Welt. minster; and all this positive good and benefit would be obtained at an outlay trivbl in asoant. -Yours respeotfuljv. A.NVIk±k1L WS63T COUJNTRYM".--
To the TENAIrTot th 8ERRWIDUEY ESTATM. Gentlemen, TJr. mgento oZ Marl Talbot, one of the ostulttant of rpihre wsdn tburnwaey.ha" santhou6 t fit to addres =b~ loterIn he frm f apubio aversemnt.dated the 17th mact, In which they wusonat Ion thaM Lord Talb,t kms die a BIl In the Cour of (Ibaocc for a receier over the satite.!"In order,I me It is alleed bythe o othe pVottn of the lsawis,4d the juvetwejeiaton of heesAte"a&0ens. Tire weanrts a0slmebwfr desre for their ~~Iq statnated Laigdcig. from the hrat, with which thltftg ecne1ecss.s nl te tenants fot tODntining to par their rant. to the leateor Rail of likeewbury. Nror the pwahoo of the est atn md enns the roceeding ts equally unesle,-for. as It much be obvious to the tenants that the estates hae been mvanaed wit6hoers=y19~reaard to tbelrPeAerva1j0th-whlls it Is perfectly well knm teU atust be poel *in.asted.hr the devimsee with the ionUcpotIIl *be-Duke of Norfok m 1the gpardlan of Mes Infant son, in c.r.ts4W41th the direActiu of the late ar l's will, and. In fmot Tever shillin bf the net Jaeome of the saetkee has been so invooted. Rail Talbot's acentA are In truth, vmy munc dlsatAisoed with the whieb hey have made sowazde acerUng the Zrael'sclIms bo Ihl dI eaSsitatei, and It must be admItted thAt they have good came for their dianotistctlou as it appear trou the till now ffled, tha, out of She whole numints, of tenais upwards of 1,000) on the Shswb ermbld ate not one hoa bees ind DC enut to bis Lord. WV, sud t peat"A bulk of the tenantsi here attorned to the deyluse of the lIte FAzL aud paid their reotg to them: while it maust be obvious that, aa load TalbotVs claim 1o the Randoa failed last seeslon, his prospects of sucees In the ensuing sewion &nc.v ok likely to hare been improed by the furtheg evidenoe which. ha beow disovered, aod Wil naow be brough forward ssmut in t Th elojeto h Bl,teete,1,1 pomlble, to distub Lhe devses InBe. pacebl an lealposessonof the esatesm mod res ceip oftherens, lthughLos Tabothasfailsd to establiah any clam t th Eaido. o Sheweury a d tedviseec beIng advised hr teircousel hatther posedn o theesttesid not liable to be nestoneln ny ourt exept pesonwhocan establish a tite to ear m,hae naing lea o ths*efectin sanwer to the Pl1tede AId has eortmTeabot to ploceedwithx his Ittended applInAtlon tog a receiver, and the trustee ane udaw no aevrebeorionithat she applioation will evTr he made. In truth, it the COrt ot Choancey had any loyladloton to appoint a recever. Lord Talbot would long sines have applied to It for the ap. Volintient of one. HUl Lordship't epsl to the derisce to conl. seust to the J ariadietion being assumVodh thebM Court were declined Ia Octeber, 1818 and, though mIce meewed under myora fOrms, have xteve been saItertained, It ltarefotty.well known, that itie devisses old posessioni of the Sbrcwabitwyetmtte u~4s a bestwIlde clam of titl to thean. which they oles to be valLd against Rail Talbot and aln the wogd& ana that In h course they are pursuing they are actin unde the advice of the imost eminent counrel a, the baw. They are qte prepare to meet Narl Talbot and every ohit. clam. aLt befmorete wrooer legal trIbwW&la but they decline enirring Into any pereonal controersy with his Lordship'. agenso. or naotlotna from them any refetionso on their oonduct, which they believe Earl Talbot ItiMer would not hesitate to disavow. We are, Yourtlents ean VURRIK. WOOD)GATE. and WILLTIAM, Solicitors fog Lord Edmund Bernaid Titrilan Howwrd and his Trusteea. i,hnoolv'a'lnn-fields. Loudon, Dec. 52.1521 OONTII&CT lor ELX TIMBRE. 3DZPAHIThMEN ot the 8TOREXERPER.GoxNxuai of the NAVY. omre-ao.SithDecember, 11867 TECommIaeoners or executing the Office of a., Luord HighL High Admiraloat the United Kingdom of Great 3ritWul mnd Ireland do hereby sire notice, tht on Tuesday. the S0t JTanuary next, at ! o'clock, the, will be ready to treat with such pr sDoug as muly e willing to OONTRAOT for SUP'PLYING Her a wit S80lodsof ENGLISH ELK Tens,,maybemdafg te sppl ofanone of moge of the A dItriutIo an strm o th tener aybe obtained at the soid Ho tnde wil b reeivd ateI O'cloock on the day ot tretet, nog will nybe noie ni iepryattends, ocr an agent from him duly Every tedrms eadesdto the Seoretary of the Admra"lty And bear In th ihod corne the words "1Tender tog Elm Timber.'1 and must also be anoompanled by a lette signed by two rowpoosAble pesms,engagfing to become bound with fth pawen teudwing in the Iu o £1pe load, for the due perfornmanc of the contract, CONTRACT for SUET. DEPARTHIENT oA the OOMPTROLLEFR tor V1OTIUAILL1NG, Somesetk Hou Dec. 23M11. TjIME Cominiaioners for ExecLi.tng the Office of .LL0E Admirl of the United Kinxdom of Great Britain end Ireland do hereby tire zotioe, that on Monday, the 4th of Janum next, at half.pest I o'clock, they will be ready to treat with ouc parson as maybDe willing to OONTRACUT for SUPPLYING and dell,rntng Into Hlee MajestW' Victuallng Stove at Depttord, the undermentioned ARTICIE, viz.. Soot IlMOdlib. To be deliveed in 15 equsl weekly dellvestes the drAt of such deliveries to be miade by the Tendrs ay~mad torthewhoe o myPOetlo of the suet. Ther Lrdeitamaeveto hemelvs heower, wlton the tender arc pene, o conracIn ciths, for tew ole r fog gush put theset onras hey my dem116 or for ak greater quantity, or of not No eodr illhe ecive Slem masde on the pelated form pro. Ildd fr te prpoe,and which may be obtained on application at thesad ffce,ortoComader Bevis, conducting the packet serice at LIverpool, ~or toteCulooso utoms at Brljol. The ondiionsof te rep.ed contract, to which particulas attention Ic ca~a~ b men ttie mid office and atLTAvespool and BeistoL. No he ~~rwceted after half.peet 1 o'clock on the day of keay, nd t wll ot e squied hatthepast tendochng, or an aget o hi beal, soul aten attheoffceon the day of contrat,% - te rsul o th ofer ecive frm echperson Wil he communmiEves tedermus beaddmedto he ecrtar ofthe Admiralty, lONDON FE'VER HOSPITAL, Livewpool.roa& Isilngton.TZNDRRS will be received at the Hosia noto o'cloct on Monday, the 4th of Januar, for the SU1'PLY Of MEAT, BrftdAnd Blk. or pailculars apply to the Secretay, a t he rVRHEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE,-Fment,~ I. lvded,Nolr I heeb gve, ha aDIVIDEFIDof £3 me Debntue as eenths dy dclredby heTrustees actng for the By ceer, AMESROBINS, eea. XAJZBTraTHEATRE.-Plcolomnlr. U ~ .luabolteHOKeltt,AldghlerI Vialett,and GlnglInL-ti rrvtoe a Traviata, Lucia. X* Ngll del Resgemeuto, and La Navila.ExraNight Sauturay Jan 2, when the tavourteopr IUI I LMMERSCOOE il be given. AlIthe boxesand=jll haigba ipsd of for the vepeevantatione of the 52t and d Ist o Deebe ndteId of January, the wil be repeale In the ewnsing wek nadditiCoal mmreentatirn wMlIbe given on Wednesday, Jan. 'Trucoyc Wdneda. Jn.6 L JliadeReggLrneo and last ac ofHLa fvst,TRuE Iy JOALa , DR URYviata NatEa.-Lan.ee, JLua Mr LamerTo. Smh. ri :~-? Suprbl DeoStd.-boxe Betoo emoery FWednesda dat , 'lc;dosoe thl-etLT TEVAYENINGay, to omenemte itote comic adraaoofclOO MauCrH ONs A. GOODt THpmG Antt P w hich, ofthe np gandoim ChriTas Brtomime o LITTLE JIC THISIOOD; or, Haclequln an B C. i8vittaI Fby. Bery by W, Two Havicqui Pns, Mesrs m lloHi modI St an:tw pie,tieBohs uOS tjwo PntaloonsMr MracHash and W A. Barnes; WUtw ln; Hi.au r.y hlen and Mme more; eeirin (aI dand lPovr) M0.-T Deli; abebqtfurn,madle. agns tof h WomIe., of dahe Wh-olnoWand Madame.Cbristi ne. heri sinal d ancer-MIr andosiamWright and Maulamedorid,-asisted b Wamdo !1of h lAdoDles UntehlleXtr llatreducend prmice tof dits. circl of boxe, attin . dress cTIrceS4, is.;G priat WEoTes, 'THE L WlIsH., dlWii. , andtih Ma.dTme 'eflte I h~er daily fbrom10tell MrundrIgthe dfwwirctio o M. ACatertuon.iioxee onI HEOALIR PROYALS' THEATRX-Lt l-gtHs o JUDAY (HuRsDa) ILo commence (Tat dI and cocldebyaourtro Oet?rtn g l= . Pherformanc rofthe OntoXomeao THe3 T9EPn"4G BO.e&uTYI H OD or,h Harlppmequin ayewnd h Spitef chairy. o EaoeyWflm abct.Pnilmlets:Ms LOuiALeeer LLYCEUM TH A RECharles Leeoo . ar. R'tzn'tnwil also Oappear Dotlc-Thr will G w be b ptformre. mornng esDOrmnc ftepnoie whADE&LWP ich webui btke pac eer MMthuSduayt, v Bw-Otn J T G.sa neot. Jesan.e7.W1o8; Thrday Jan.i14 ThUrsay Jan.UR; or akunand the ato hrdy Jaobn.8 oTi Eveninged 'Waebb, perf ogmaneesha Jwillcommnce at o with th omm adyof peedtheyn and~ A tlt;Hrerqwich, theJr Patoime.U Thetevening A. rtrane duSring4 tHea he d wil Sonas, teruminate soonaltAr -"om& aste lhianomlmye.-Evtvof th~e orleiatrd drama mof h Wept Do ofpte Wshton-Wish: Ma om Ceoweu i her . oriial haacedr, and essrs. Wrighta andxt Paul Bedfon,bimhooume suces of the lAdnelh tUnilon E Scavaanz and Comc& Panom OMe St 4 orlrineato atti thal-a%t 2.Bo-offieVEIG THnfrmU Wto ONay wOU it? AhD PSCe. Cuptoid anLnd Hrlqin &VIQIa lalNn) MIs Mare iton Prce ndCohttin ( Ittlln l, MssMar ASTLEY's ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE.L-ew X3~an Mnmff Mr Wllam Cc oke,Under the patronage of ~l~enietndle In ~ ht there Wil be TREEM GRAND hiLD-D&Y PERYOIOrArcoES of toe coimic pantlomime, entitld PSAtuda, the bBthA With Scnsof the Arena,=whi9chillhenoel eare, andi arrange wiexpeel fud the oueet o the Inenl 'vstrs Nor woh pee achda at alsopas 1; comecad a!, and casriaga to he Inattendance t4 ogclock HOTOGRAPHY,-CR'yST ofAL a WIstE SHAEETopl BLASS,the beROUartic for4TAe7 the abov pmee;y'eaor of Sc,, bingv% Werdant g ht, aMmnd c faerebeio-lsse f CotyW-ta ilre Sd g~rt,-BENJAIor LA oB w ndo si aned hetland owd.ias- Th we tnuielte ave prntd at back"m ofidI sAuggesedb R ai EwLICTas.G enTered aStsPihereby -hall.y 0eh.r.a elie s erecly spiritual matkral orbyouObeeid, ad 8% Ofor.steet Te metkod sixh my. Nomr Clableea Wte hyare unreived.fo, t ed rMasr t 1they o create.bTI7 UKLLSTIP GRoU, Fa mutea vriety the amrationa o al ECUADOR OONVBRSION.-Thi. is to give o Ecuor that. deo f tbe COVLOMB8IA N b* TOBUfODB wi CLOSE on the 1 of Al158. J. 1. MLL , t a Londoe, Ocbober A 1857. B ONiDS of the STATk of ALA Th-The _ Union Bak ct lodon ae pcered to PAY much of the above. named es URITE a beome due on Me lt of Januay, 151. The Bonds are to be left one day for exanxlnation, and cheque fkr their amounub Wi be readyon the followiDg moning. SOUTH AUITRALIAN GOVERNMWNT I BONDS.-The South Australian Banking Com3any will gent, PAY the moune dueJ I ondon on Yhe slt of anuy lS55 on e Bonds led In virte of the various Ants of Coumnu M;n to the City and l'ort and Qawle Town Ra0wa7Y, the improvement of the arour of Port Adeimda, and the City o Adelade Water Works and Drinage. The Bonds (or Coupons, an the ca my be) must be left for exsminatlon M last oce do befon appUoatlon for the money, the psymenba being made between the boon ot 11 aud 3 Oeclock WILLAM THURD, Manager. London, Dec. 29,18567. EW SOUTH WALES GOVERNAMIET DE. BENTURS,--The Oriental Bank CGrpoaton will PAY the IN. ;XSEBT due in Londmn on let JanuamT iext ou all tMe debeatum bood by the Government .A Newr f*on Wal,ealeoept thos ner tite trog the Bank df Newr Sth Wales and doewnapesmlly Olai for Interestand COuDons must be left thee clear ddas for examinatlon, and forms for .pe ng the mine may be had on aplying Threadneedleetrst, nZmdon, De. 9. 1857. 'HER MA, F TWS TEATRE. la TrayLAta THIa EVENING fe -, Dee 31, LA T&VIATA. Vio. lettF Plcolcnl; Alnk QGiug ; Gaoe, Mercurlall; Marquia d'Obe= , Bredt Dt wG e, Otelli; Gu °on c . Aldigheri.o Xotel. PIG, 6. glery. 2. The door on at halfPa 7, arA the oPa erormenoec at 8 o'lock. THEaTRE ROYAl, DRURY-LANE THIS EENINGLeueg.lMr X. T. Smith. THIS l:VZNlSGthe C sa) Pwantomime, laiTLU ZACK BORNER; or, Ha&quln A B 0, and the Enchwted Redons of Nure Rhyme. Poeoeded by TOO MUCH OP A. GOOD THING. THEATRE ROYA1, HATXARKET. lUnder the Manaement of Xr. Backstona THI EVErNING, SPEED THSC LOUGH: by Uem Cblppendale, W. Fare, Compbon, e; Mesdames Fltzwllam. Terna.L . Ate- which, the patoDmime of THE sLE,PINII BEAUTY IN THE WOOD; or, Halequin and te Spitetul FarJ. Commnce at 7. THATRE ROY , ADEI'BTL Propietor, Mr. B. Webster: Diec llnMadame Celeate THIS EVENlING, THEX WIIP 01 THX WISH-TON-WISH: Mr. Wright ad Madms Osae WIth the Union Chmic Pantmime, HlARLEQUIN L;ND THE LOVR oY CUPD AND PSYCHE Mliae Wllton. Xoeley, Bllhlnton; Mfems Beda, Henderson. Beo'rl.ngham. Commence et 7. ROYAL PRINOERS' THEIATRX Under the Mnement o Mr. asle Ken. THIS XVENINQ will be presented Shakzper' trgedy of MRN RIOHARD II. Kng Richard IL. Mr. 0. Keen Queen. Ms 0. Kean. To ennoude with the new pantomime o6 HAIEQUIN WrITE CAT: or, The Prinoree Blanche Plower and ber airy Godmothers. _ __ _ _ ROYAL OLYMPO THETRE. Lesne. Ms.s. . tobonandW.S. Rmdee. THIS EBENIN,. THE 'TRA6GUEDY QUJEEN: tr. Adso aDI Moe. Stirling. A newr Ezera'gaZa, enthld TH DOGE OP DUrALO: or. the Enchated Be: Meaera. lk Robson. O. Cooke H. WIgan, G.ucy Hiw Xada,Eughes, Herbrt Mo, 11de, &o. And OIIRIOINB.{ VComene t ha lf-pealt 7, . .. F. ROYAL LiYCEM THEATRE. WoleLesee and Manager, Mr. Cairles Dillo. THIS r fVNl}G w1U be Irnented DON C,ES&R DE BAZAN. To oonnelde with LALL& tOOKH AND THE PRINOFhS THE PERT, AND THE ROVUADOUR; or, Harlequl and the Ubebe od the Desrt THREATRl ROYA,1 SADLVTW8WIB. Under the ansaement of Mr. Phelpe. THIS EUVNING, THE HONEYMOON. Duke Anba M Phelps: Juian&, Mms 0. Yoon . To wolude with HARLEQI BEAUTY AND THE BES: or. little Goody Two Shoes and Mother Bunch's Bokcas In Baby Land. SURREY THETRE. Leses hlems Bbepbcr and Cewik. TEIIH EVENIiG BILOKEN 11AITIL With QUENMR r Harleqnin Romeo and Juliet. Quleen Mrb, Kim I. WebSter; Romgen Ur. Belmore: Juliet, Mr. Taping Hrlequin, Mr. Glover, Columbine, Mice WUlimott; Clown, by h Surre Book; B3Prlte Young Bond; Pantloon, Mr. BradbmOy. ASTILEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Leseesand Manage- Mr Wilhla Cooke. THIS EVENNG, THE ST6RMING AND CAPTURE O7 DELRI. Succeeed by Sceae In the Cidcle. Conoluding with the new oomia pantomime of DON QMIXOTE AND Hg STI1D ROINANTE;or,HarlequifnSabncoPah Com-enoeat7. TO CORESPONDENTS Our re&deru are requeeted to obeerve that the prioe of I%a Tinw I reduced to 4d., and that --d Is the price ofa ODpy with the presed itamp afixed. Under the amended regulations of the Poet-offloe (No. 60) ifflo is trran ble by post to British colonles and foreign oountrie Without an vprea dtamp. No netioe ao be taken of suonymou eonmmu atlons. WbAtever Is intended for iserton must be autlihentted by tho nams and addrm of the wviter' not necesaly for publicetion, but sa a gua tee of h& ood faith. We eanwo undertaike to rturn rejectd eoamweatioqv, AV rbe rbllostion of TE TDu smoced atS O klook isterUA morning anad finihe at 30 mIXuts pad T.
LO.YD2rY, THUSDA Y, DECEMBER 34 IT57. There are two parties to all pomps, cereraonials, and State exhibitions-those that are een and those that see. The latter party, we believe, takes as warm an in st in thes scenes as ever. The world of spectators still loved cerer:onial dearly, and keeps the sacred flame alive. To this day nine-tenths of the English publie w willingly undergo a kind of martyrdom in the process, There are no inconveniences and fatigues too great for them ; hours and hours will they wait in slo-w expectation ; they will stand counting the minutes till their legs almost give way, all to see a pageant of some twenty minutes. But,while the outside party keeps up its full interest in the scene, the inside party is rather losing it. Those who form the spectacle care a good deal lem about it than the spectator Why should they? " It is only our " noble selves that are exhibiting, with whom we " are tolerably farmiliar. You and I of the same set " are very poor heroes to each other. We see or " may see each other moBt days. We ree nothing " particularly wonderful in each other. We are " a very poor ceremonial, then, to each other." Such is the cold reasoning of modern times. How different from the glowing atmosphere of a golden ceremonial in Froissart, where majestic heralds precede rows of prim krnights with pointed shoon, who step daintily before rows of demure, white-robed, auburn-haired damxels, who precede awfdul crowned personages, walking solemnly beneath canopies of cloth of gold, supported by officers of State, and shaded by pennons and insignia I Are they indifferent to the scene and to their own position in it-those prim knights, those auburn-haired maidens, and those august personages in crowns ? What sere enjoyment, what balmy satisfaction is expressed In their looks,-what serious sympathy with the pageant and appreciation of its deep relity I What a ceremonial elysium are they in I How sadly have the present elements of spectacles degenerated and cooled down I These occasions have actually now come to be considered rather as bores; they are hurried, curtailed, squeezed, abrldged, jammed up into corners, hemmed in at the sides, boxed in all round, boarded over, roofed in; they are twisted about and split into sections to suit local angularities; and, finally, they are got over as soon as posible, and almost before the lucky spectator has got his glimpse of the sECene through a crack in the timber. The marriage of the Pnixemss RoYAL is to be celebrated in the Chapel Royal. The preoedent of a century is in favour of tbi, but suoh a precedent is more honoured in the breach than in the observance. It was indeed always protested against. Lord HxnVrr finds all kinds of fault 'with this choice in the case of the mariage of the PaiousS RovAL of his day,-thedauighter of GEOneE II., the lady from whose name Sir CoBNEWALL Lewis began the line of precedents which inaugurated his Annuity Bill. Lord EhEvEY, we say, notices with much humour the difficulties and awkwardnesses of St. Jamee's as the scene of suoh a ceremonial-awkwardneees which' were increased on the occasion of her present MATSTY's marrige, when so much more national interest was excited, and when the numbers whose loyalty wished to be accommodated with a sight of the ceremonial were so much greater. The Cbapel Royal cannot, in fact, hold much more than 200 persons properly, though we are told that the temporary gallery is to hold 200, minus the hoops of the ladies, which are to be left behind, in consideration of the appalling squeeze prepared for them. With the exception, then, of the Royal personages themselves and their suites, and tho foreign guests, literally nobody will see the actual ceremony of the marriage. We might know this by mewurement, even if we had not been t&old by authority that "the Chapel Royal will be almost exclusively filled "by the suites of the QuEEi, the Prswczss RoYAL, "and the Bridegroom, and the Royal guests that "have been invited to this great gathering." The Chapel 'wil not, indeed, hold nearly all even of the Royal guests, who, we are informed, are to fll three hotels in St. James's-street; and as for English faces, what room there wiU be for them is easily inferred. So much for the actual ceremony of the marriage, which it would appear no Englishman who is not in a suite is to see. But, besides the ceremony of the marriage, we are to have " three distinct processions"that of the Qunr.i as Sovereign, that of the "Bride, and that of the Royal Bridegroom." How and by whom are these procemions to be seu 7 The narrow intricscies of St. James's are fatal to the effect of processions; they will be cut into fragments, one part will be loet in one corner whilo the other is emerging from another. And, even thus spoiled, how many will see them ? We are told that seats will be erected in the are where the band plays to accommodate five or six hundred persons; that a gallery wFill be ered on the staircase in the area leading to the front of the Chapel to hold two hundred persons; that seats will bo provided near the corridor where HnR MazsTy will light; and that in all some fifteen hundred persons will be able to see the processions. Fifteen hundred ! What a number I And that only to see the bare externals of thesceneI Fifteen hundred to be al that are even to have outside place ! Fifteen hundred out of al England I A for the inxide and kemel of the ceremonial-that, as we bave iad, not a single Englishman who is not in one of the suites will see. Now pomps and processlons may, as we say, be great nuisances to those who compose them; it may be true that in this 19th century persons have no great taste for walking solemnly in fuU costume in the presence of thousands of spectators riveting all eyes-it may be true that the Eng. lish taste especially is not at all for this sort of thing-4. e., for composing a ceremonial; still the world of spectators Is to be regarded, we think, on these occaions as well as the great world that is looked at and that consttutes the pageant. The world at large still likes a pageant, and in the capacity of lookers-on we have by no meas lost our taste for these exhibitions. Why not, then, show a little more liberality and indulgence to the natural wish of the publio for a sight of the ceremonial connected with this Royal nmriage ? Why cram the ceremonial of the marriage itself into a chapel which does not properly hold more than 200, though by a. portentous squeeze, and at the coat of treasures of millinery, you may fil it up to the extent of another hundred or more? Why select for the processions that knot of small courts, corners, and angles which composes St. James's Palace, and which is about the most unsuitable and uncongel scene for a procession that could be found in Liondon? Why conduct these ceremonlals as if we were ashamed of them, am if " we wanted " nobody to see us ?' The marriage of the PitmC3sS Ross; of England is a national eveat; why should it not be celebrated as such, and the two hands be joined together, as far as can be, in the eight of the country? Why not oelebrate it in that edifice which is so assoclated with the history of English Royalty, which witnesses the crowning of our Rings and Queens, and 'which Inspires such deep national recolletion and displays such memorials of Engish gloryin Westdinster Abbey ? In that interior thousands, instead of hundreds . -uld the actul ceremony of the marrlage. That would be a great Improvement. But, besidde thb thousands which could be aooommodated In the Abbey, tens of thousands would line the road which would conduct the processions from the Palace to the Abbey. Thatwould indeed be a national scene. As it Is, It looks as if the whole ceremonial were shut up In a box. The very journal which authoritatively gives us the programme is driven to that melancholy test of grandeur and sublimity which conslsts in the number of disappointments, the quantity of persons who might naturally have expected places at the * ceremonial, but who will not get them. Our contemporary emlarges with some gusto upon this huge, dark mass of disappointment, upon the deep, hoarse murmurs, of an excluded crowd, as if the black shadow threw by contrast an additional glory and brightness upon the rich scene itself. We are told that " never wu LoinD CHAx"BEnLAin or CQimF Commsslozua OF WoREs "made so much of as at the present time," and that "asmuch interest is madefor seats, especially " by ladies, as would under ordinary ecirumstances " procure capital official appointments." Our contemporary dwells almost with fondness upon " the " deaf ear to the voice of the charmers" of the LonRD CniAisir&nu', who upon this oeccson sustais such a siege as 'was never known before in the annals of pageantry, and who from all accounta ought to be a very BRuTUS and a perfect hero of moral courage to get through his difficulties and sustain the assaults upon his conscience. All this may give immense importance to the ocasion, till it is not an agreeable mode of giving importance to it. It would be better that, as far as practdcable, the sense of the grandeur of the scene should arise from seing it than from not seeing it, and that a Royal marriage should bo associated with pleasure rather han disappointment.
No child of nature has been a greater favoumite with poets and oentimentalists than the North Americau Indian. That in physcal endowments, in courage, in understanding, and in a native dlznity of deportment he stands at the head of the wholly barbarous race i true, and romance has added qualities which transform him into something of a hero. Philoophers have taken bim sa the type of their uncorrupted svage, and novelixts in France, ERgland, and Ameria have delineated his real or imaginary traits, until It has become common to lament over the diminution of the .various tribes, and to speak of the progress of white settlements as a melancholy fact in the prosaio history of civilization. A nearer acquaintncoe with the Indians has generally dispelled these enthusiastic conceptions, but hbs still left afeeling of interest for the fate of a race which at least js brave, confiding, and unfortunate. The American people, to do them justiee, have never been sytematically cruel in their dealings with the aborigines. Bloody wars and wholesale executions have indeedtalken place,but these have been generally the result of Indian incursions, which made a severe example necesary to the security of the frontier settlements. The AngloAmerican, with all his pride of blood anld skiv, has never despised the red man, and we believe that an admixture of Indian blood is viewed with complacency by citivens who would thrust a newcomer from their society if his eyes, hair, or finger nails revealed the slightest trace of African deacent. But civilization and barbarism can hardly exist together. The Indian tribes are gradually disappearing from the regions East of the Mississippi. The Mohawks and Mohicans of the old days are gone, the Senecas only linger as a few isolated families, the Delawarea long ago broke up from the neighbourhood of the great iver :ihd went West, 'the fminglee In the South have been thinned by war and diseame, the Creeks and Chootaws, more fortunate, have been converted to Christianity and a settled life, but even their numbers are said to be diminishing. The old dintinctiona of the tribes are in a great measure lost in their migration westward. Those which preserve most of the characteristics of the race are those with which the world is least acquainted,-the dwellers in the Far West, where the white man has only just begun to penetrate. But even these must soon be invaded and surrounded if not driven onward by the tide of migration. Their only safety seems to lie in accepting new conditions of existence, in turning from the chase to agriculture, from a wandering to a fixed life, and from habits of warfare to a general harmony with the whites and each other. The Commisioner for Indian Affairs has just made his report to the Central Government of the United States, and this document enables us to cast a general glance on the situation of the red man at the close of the eightieth year of American independence. As several of the most remarkable Indian tribes are to be found within the lirmits of the British territory, the report is not without a certain importance to us, who have always professed ourselves the protectors of the Indian. The spirit of the Commissioner' recommendations is eminently kind and philanthropic, and we cannot but hope that the picture he draws of Indian civilization is not too highly coloured. The very existence of the race in such States as NewYork and Michigan. Temnemee and Arkansas, depends on their adopting the language, religion, and habits of the whites, and though the spectacle of a country. man of the companions of LrATnaocxiCw arrayed in a tail-coat and black satin waistcoat may somewhat startle the romantic stranger, yet there can be no doubt that this perfect incorporation with the great body of the people will be the best thing for all the Indian5 who remain in the Eastern or Central States. The New York Indians, we are told, continue gradually to improve. " They have generallY adopted agricultural and " mechanical pursuits, and to a conidderable ex" tent the habits and cuatoms of their white " brethren." In Michigan the legislation of the State has been most liberal. The Indians have been relieved of their obligation to remove west of the Msinsippi River; they have been provided with sicient land within the State, and with the means of education. They may attain to citizenship, and the report expresses a hope that they may aoon be prepared for the enjoyment of that high privilege. The great Chippewa tribe, residing in Wisconsin, Minneseta, and the northern peninsula of Michigan, have ceded the larger part of their hunting-grounds, and have been located on a certain number of reservations, " where it "sbould be the policy to concentrate and confine "them, and where every exertion should be "used to induce them to adopt tae habita "and pursuits of civilized life." In like manner the Comnuissioner would confine the still wild and barbarous Winnebagoes and Siounx to certain limited districts, give them pieces of land in severalty, and encourage them to personal exertion and industry. In fact, the report urges the 'United States' Government to do what the British and Colonial Governments have been doing for many years-to abandon the policy of merely driving the aborigines onward, of improving them off the face of the earth, for the more humane project of converting and civilizing them, and then admitting them to an equality of righth with the white man. The same philanthropic spirit which haa cared for the New Zealand cannibal, which ha laboured for the welfare of the fierce a;nd perfidioui Caffre, which has spent thouands of lives and millions of money to rescue and enlighten the Guinea Negro, is now at work in America. There it has an easier and nore attractive task. The Indian is neither irreclaimably bad, nor divided from the white race by physical peculiarities which forbid amalgamation. We may expect that wherever the tribe is settled and civilized, it will in a generation or two be so far merged in the population that its members may exercise the rights of citizens without exciting jealousy or even surprise. Into the details of his scheme the Cohmissioner enters at length. Having first taken away the exclusive right to largpe regions-a right which it is proved that the white settlers will not respect, and which, consequently, can only lead to feuds and bloodshed-he would locate each tribe on a limited extent of land. Each individual should have enough to afford him a comfortable support by actual labour, and should reoeive it with an obligation to remain on and cultivate the same. They should still remain under the authority of their chiefs, the Americam having, it appears, found, like ourselves, that barbarous races are much better managed by their own native rulers than by any functionaries which civilization can rear. At preeent they receive certain annuities, whioh each man spends with an extravagance worthy of a more advanced culture. They are generally in debt, and by the time the money becomes due it has to be made over to the white trafficker for whiskey consumed during the previous quarter. These annuities it is now proposed to devote to the erection of " comfortable resi" dences, and the requisite outbuildings, and other"wise in gradually improving the farms." Mnual labour schools should be established for teaching agricultural pursuits; the boys to be instructed as farmers, the girls in housekeeping and the dairy. There also might be imparted the rudiments of a plain and useful eduction. Mlechanical arts should also be taught, so that the Indians might become their own carpenters and masons, smiths and wheelwrights, tailors and ahoemakers. Yet the Government would by no meas endeavour to merge them at once into the general body of citizens. Each tribe would constitute a separate community, under striotly patriarchal government, subjected to the unceasing tutelage of the State, and segregated from the whites by rigid rules of passport. " No white person should be permitted "to obtain any kind of possion or foothold "within the llmits of the reservations, or even to "enter them, except in the employ or by the per<miion of Government, and none should bo "employed except such as are absolutely necessary 4 for the instruction of the Indians." Agents should bo appointed to enforce these regulations, with power not only to keep away white mirit-sellers and other interlopers, but to remove badly-disposed or vagabond Indiana who might corrupt the rest of the community. In a word, the whole Indian race would be placed under a paternal and benevolent despotism, as the best means of averting their total destruction. What they may become in favourable circumstances is pointed out by the passage in the report which speaks of the four great South-western tribes-the Cherokees, Creeks, Choctaws, and Chickasaws. These were among the most warlike and irreclaimable of the race, and the Creeks especially sustained in the early part of this century a long and bloody war against the whites commanded by General JAcxsox. Now we hear of their regularly organized and stable governments and laws, their general devotion to industrial pursuits, and their national and individual prosperity. " Some, if not aU of them, appear to be "expecting and preparing for an important "change in their political and municipal rela"tions, and there is no doubt that territorial government may with great propriety an4 " advantage be extended to them at an " early day." Certainly, these Baptist and Methodist tribes are as well fittled to be citizens of the United States as the polygamista of Utah, and, though we cannot think that the red men w1I in the end be able to hold their ground as a xeparate race, yet we must welcome the policy which encourages them to look for safety in Christianlty, labour, and education.
Any one who is acquainted with the good city of Vienna must have admired the picturesque situation of the old town, separated as it is from the suburbs by the expanse of the Glacis, guarded by its moat, and hedged in by its lofty wall. The old Vienna is a fragment of the middle ages, suirounded at a due distance by the modern Vienna, which has been constructed according to the leos romantic requirements of modern times, when men rather dsAire air, light, and space, than security against domestic turmoil or foreign invasion. For tho mere beauty of the suburbs in an architectural point of view there is little to be said. Long straight streets, connected with each other by streets equally straight, but less long, of uniform and monotonous aspect, dreary enough in winter, and far too sultry in summer, are the constituent elements of the Viennese suburbs. There are undoubtedly to be found in this region a few buildings, some public, some the villas of the wealthier nobility, which would do honour to any portion of any city, but they are few in number and far apart. On the other hand, the suburbs are thicldy populated; numerous branches of industry are here carried on which are driven from the inner and older portions of the city by the exorbitant charges for house-rent. With regard to some of these which are objectionable on sauitary grounds, it is well that it should be so, but there are many which might be conveniently distributed through all quarters of the city with advantage to the inhabitants. The effect of the present arrangement, based, as it is, upon exorbitant charges for rent in the heart of the city, and upon more moderate charges in the distant portions of the suburbs, is the maintenance of a city price and a suburb price for many articles which enter into the ordinary consumption of private families. Families located in the city must constantly travel backwards and forwards between distant points In order to economize upon their purchases. Families, on the contrary, located in the suburbs-that is, in cheap neighbourhoods-are equally compelled to cover the same distances, because the inner city is the centre of business and the chosen abode of as many of their friends and acquaintances as can afford to live there. In the inner city house-rent is exorbitant, and, as a natural consequence of this, and of the other considerations briefly suggested, hotel prices are extravagant, as well as the charge for private apartments. You can certainly get good lodgings by the year in a fashionable quarter of Iondon at a cheaper rate than you can in Vienna; we do not speak of London charges in the height of the season, when the lodginghousekeepers must, of course, "make their market." We believe, too-although we will not venture to assert it with the same full confidence-that the cost of private apartments-of a flat, in other words-is heavier at Vienna even that at Parls, and of late the Parlsian charges have astonished Londoners, who are not easily astonished in such respects. The Viennese hotel charges are monstrous, and the proprietors of these establishments can with some reason urge in their own defenee that their noessary outgoings aro greater than those of the hotelkeepers in other continental cities. Rent in dear, fuel is dear, wages not cheap, and they ar compelled by the enforced isolation of the inner city, in which their establishments- must necesrily be fixed, to deal for many other articles at higher rates than would be the ease if the inner and the outer city were one. Without enlarging further on this head, it must be obvious how heavily such an arrangement must press upon the class of smaller shopkeepers, who can only secure customers by opening shops in the heart of the old city, where the charges for rent are so burdensome. Vienna contains, we believe, about B00,000 inhabitants--we are speaking, of course, of Vienna in the aggregate-a certain portion of whom are thickly massed in the old city, and a still greater portion disseminated through the suburbs. The large open space called the Glacis separates the two. This space is entirely thrown away, save in so far as it is a parade-ground for troops and a promenade for idlers. These two advantages ane dearly purchased by the sacrifice for building purposes of so much valuable ground in such a situation. Other inconveniences are attached to the old feudal arrangement, upon which it would be superfluous to enlarge. Let any one conceive the fashionable and business quarters of London to be surrounded by walls, closed in by gates, and subjected to military restrictions, and the old town of Vienna would be the result. For defensive purposes these fortifications, if such a word may be employed, are next to useles. Any prevailing force which had made good its advance upon Vienna, and fixed itself in the suburbs, would hold cheap account of these defences. NOLzox's Austrian campaigns sufficiently illustrate this position. We say nothing of the superfluous horrors of exposing a wealthy and thickly-populated town to the infliction of an unnecessary bombardment. If the defences are useless against a foreign invader, they are worse than useless in the case of domestic turmoil. Previous experience-confirmed by the pregnant lessons of 1848-49-teaches us that the first and invariable development of a successful rising or tEmeude is the temporary extruxion of the Court and military power from a capital city. In a brief space the monarchy rights itself, and it then becomes necessary to attack the capital in order to recover the reins of power. It is then found that the fortifications and defences upon which the dynasty had relied are turned against itself, and an advance becomes a siege. No better instance can be given than that of Vienna during the revolutionary troubles of nine years back. The walls and defencea of the town rendered it incumbent upon the Imperial Generals to have recourse to a bombardment, and Vienna was bombarded accordingly. How much simpler would the problem have been had the town been open and the inhabitants without artillery ! The force of these considerations seems at last to have been. felt. The EmpRron has resolved, most. wisely, to level his walls, to do away with his gates, to fil up his moat, and to employ profitably that great space which encircles the old town of Vienna. It is said, indeed, that a portion of the military party fougbt off the project as long as opposition was possible; but their objections have happily been overruled, and, unless fresh troubles should arise, it may be hoped that the wrals and fortifications of the Austrian capital will in a few years be entirely razed. It is obvlous that when such a work is begun it must be carried through, for nothing could be more preposterous than the idea of a city defended by fortifications on one, two, or three sides, but unfortified elsewhere. It has been determined, in the first place, to do away with the walls on the northern aud western sides of the city. This portion of the work once done, the rest must follow. Vienna is most beautifully situated, its environs are far more picturesque than those of any other continental capital, and the position of the city itsolf has gneat natural a5yUtages, It ii intonded -3a we are informed by our oorteondenat on the spot-to utiize theme. In pisce of the ugly and useles constructiopn which deformed the northern side of the city, there is to be arranged along the Danube a broad quay-that moct beau. tiful feature in a large town, for which 'the Londoners have so long sighed i vain. On the opposite side of the city, and in front of the Imperial Palace, thinga are for the present to be left as they are, which is to be regretted, as the more Important suburbs lHe in that diroetion; but, no doubt, the advantages of the change, when even partially developed, will be found so great that the plan will be fully carried out. Not the least pleasing feature of this intelligence Is that it affords some evidence that the Austrian Government is disposed to accommodate itself to the ti-mes more than lt has done heretofore. In such a spirit it will find its greatest security. Nothing can be more clear than that Europe--traversed in every direction by railroads and by the lines of the electric telegraph-is not disposd to stand stilL Any Government may at its pleasure either accommodate itself to the spirit of the age, or endeavour to resist it, until resistance becomes hopeles. It would not be very difficult to hazard a prediction as to the results of either course. If we are rightly informed, the EMoEuEBo himself deserves great credit for the spirit which he has displayed throughout the progress of this affair. If loyalty be a better security than fear, he has a right to expect from his people in return better results than can be obtained from any degree of military presure. It will be well for him4 aa4 a happy day for the many races which have beenL brought under subjection to his sCeptreO Whsn he resolves to act in the same spirit on other matters more important than the demolition of the fortifications of Vienna.
TEB CALCUTTA AND CHINA MAIL. (From our .eoond edi6ton of yesberdy.) We have been favoured by the PeaInsular and Oriental Company with the following moemage, receivod by them from Maeeilles this momning (Wed. nesday, December 30):- "1 The steamship Vewtis, with the Calcutta and China mails, arrived at Marseills last night. " The mails left for London at 10 this morning."
17T MABRIAGB of th PRINCEB ROYAL4 (From thX Oour CircUMar.) WINDSOB, Dzcw 3. The marrlage ceremony of her Royal Highness the Princes Royal and Prinoe Frederick WilliM of Prauia will take place at the Chapel Royal, St. James's, on Monday, the 25th of January. There will be present on the occmion, beddes the Royal Family, His Majesty the King of the Belgians, their Royal Hlghness the Duke of Brabant and the Count of Flanders, their Royal Hlghneses the Prince and Princes of Prussia, Prince Frederick Charles (nephew of the King, son of Prince Charles), Prinoe Albert (brother of the King), Prince Charles Albert (son of Prince Albert), Prince Adalbert (cousin of the King), and the Prince of Hohen. zollern Sigmaringen, their Royal Highnese the Grand Duke and Duchess of Baden, and Prinoe William of Baden (brother of the Grand Duke), and their Royal Highnesee the DuLke and Duches of Saxe-Cobourg; the whole of whom7will arrive in London from the Continet on the 15th of January and the following days, and will be Her Majesty's guests at Bucknghanm Paace, while apartments have been engaged for their respective suites at Farrance' and Fenton's Hotels. There wil also be preaent on the ooeaion their Serene Hlghnese Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar, the Prince and Princes of Hohenlohe Lanoaenburg, Princes Feodore, and Prlnce Victor of IoAenlohe, and the Prince of Leiningen. Her Majesty, his Royal Highnew the Prince Con. sort, and the Royal Family will arrive in town on Friday, the 15th of January. A series of theatrical representations wl take plam at HerMajesty's Theatre on Tueeday, the 19te, Thursday, the 21st, and Saturday, the 23d of January, at whioh Her Majesty, the Royal Family', and foreign visitors wrill be present. Her Majesty will give a State ballat Buckingham Palace on Wednesday, January 20th. His Royal Highness Prince F'rederick Williamn will arrive on the 2Sd Alter the marriage ceremony, on the 25th, the Prince and Prinoes Royal wi}l leave Buckingham Palae for Wimdsor Castle, attended by a limited suite. Her Majesty will give that evening a State concert at Buckingham Palace, to which the persons present at the marriage ceremony, the Corps Diplomatique, the members of the Government, and a number of the aristocracy wil be invitedL On the 26th most of Her Majesty's guests wil return to the Continent. On the 27th Her Majesty and the Prince Consort with the junior members of the Royal Family, wil join the young marrled couple at Windsor Cstle, where, on the 28th, Her Majesty will hold a Chapter of the Garter, for thepurpose of investing Prince Frederick William with this distinguishe order. The Knights of the Garter attending the Chapter will be Her Majesys guests at the Oastle, and will be present at a grand banquet to be given in honour of the occason. On Friday, January 29, Her Majesty, his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, and the Royal Family, with their Royal Highnemes Prince Frederick William and the PrincessRoyal, will return to town and be present in State at a representation at Her Majesty's Theatre in the evening. On the following day, January 30, Her Majesty will hold a Drawing Room at St. James's Palace, for the purpose of receiving congratulations on the happy event. The denarture of their Royal Highnesees is fixed for Taesday, February 2. Their Royal hnesses will embark at Graveeend In Her Majestys yacht Victoria and Albert, and cross over to Atwerp.
COURT OIROULAL WflVDSOA, WgEDM-D1)T. Her Boyal HIghness the Duchess of Kent, with the Pxince of Le}ninyen, and attended by l,ad Anna ai Dawson and Lady Auua ta Bruce, dined with Her Maxjest ~etery; aso9 the .iortuguee Mnister and Countes do io rJmes OLurk had te honour of being in. The bxnd of the Seots Fusleer Guard wa in &tndanoe, and played in the Castle during dinner. Her Majeety's private band performed In the Drawing. room the following belectlens-- O,ert,"LIQPat duDo ., .. Aubr. Duo onetmnuie "e ropb4pe rano aod EubUatein ldon, Megan Cusnand FA=6njt .. Y Z.. seiton, "U n saero . .. o . zat The Quwn and Prino Comort, companied bytbe Princess Roysl, walked in the Home Park this merr. The Portugue Minler and Cotntem Lavrdlo left the Ca8tle in the forenoon. The Marquis of Clanrarde had an audieno of HeI Majedy today. _
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acmowledges the receipt of the remaining half of a banl;note (52904), value 51., for income-tax, from " C. B. A." Aizamno FiNr uroN ma DuXa OF SuTHRxLAD. -We are requested to state, in rdertnos to the paragraph copied from the Kort £sigrN, headed "The Dake of Sutherland mulcted In 2,0001. " that " the defenders in the cwe of I'Kellar v. the DnIrs of Sutherland and Gunn' did enter appearanoe, and though a decree was given against them for 1,0001., that decree was only iven in Lbeecoe at the first stage of the case, and is a to recall at any time.," LivEBPooiS Dec. 30.-The scr ateatnship North American, belonging to the Montreal Oean Steamship Company, sailed to-day for Portland, Maine, wlth the mail for the British North American provinoes and 50 pasengers. The Ropyl 3ail steamsip America (Cunard) sals for Halifax and Boston on Satmrday, the post,offloe remaininR openuntilS a.m, but leersar rcesded with'late fee nutll9 am.. and at the kufgxt&ge at 1 m.m There wIll be no Collins steamer for New York before the 16th of January, after whioh date the servioe for that line wIll be monthly iDstead of fortnightly, so far at leat as the first four months of the year ar conernea. PA=I BAND LoxDox PARezw ExrPB&-The new Customs' regulatton permitting the examination at London of paroels conveyed by the South-Eastern Railway Con. psny's "LIondon and Paris Parols Express" will come into operation on the 1st of Jasnary. Parces under this system wiU pas uninterrupted to London for examination, without being detained for that purpoe at the port of arrival. Much praWe is due to the Corumialoners of Customs for authorizing the arragement in quton. which will be a great boon to the putblio; and, with the facilities already existing for the examination of baggame at London-bridge station, is nother atep In the inprove ment of the oommuniOUOa bWtee4t ;L Q9uUtt WA the contitnett.
AEONZY-MABKBTandOMIN.TRLLIGB.y,OB. Wednesday Evening. 'The reduction in the rate of discount by the Bank b} France, which was not generally known yester. day afternoon, caused the Englih funds to open this morning at an improvement, The firat trans. acions in Conxols, which after regular hours last -evening were quoted 93i, were at 93i to 1, but 'upon a few sales a reaction took place to 93g. There 'Was again a rebound, however, to 93a to j before he official close, and subsequently there was a further rise, bargains being effected at 93S to J. The teeling generally i0 towards confidence, and in the -hare-mket especially there was increased buoyancy. Bank Stock left off at 217 to 219; Re'duced, 934 to -; New Three per Cents., 934 to Z ; India Bonds, 25s. to 15S. discount; and Exchequer-billz, par to Ss. premium. The demnand for money has slightly increwed to 'neet the requirements at the end of the year; but a further reduction in the Bank rate is expected rither to-morrow or to-morrow week. A fair amount of business has been transacted in foreign stocks, and the market is well supported at the late advance. Turkdsh improved about 4 per -cent. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated for the account at 99; ditto, Four-and-a-Half per ,ents., 95; Buenos Ayres, 92; Chilian Six per Vents., 102i; Meican, 20i and A; for the ac-count, 200 and -; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., for the account, 771; Portuguese, 1856, 45k; Sardinian, 85 and J-; Spanish Certificates, 5; Wurkiah Six per Cents., 97- and 4I; for the ac-count, 981 and 97 ; and the Four per Cents. Guranteod, IOIJ. The closing quotation of the French Three per -Vents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 68f. 55c. for both money and account, showing a further improvement of i per cent. About 71,0001. in bar gold was sold to the Bank to-day. 75,000 sovereigns from America and elsewhere were also taken there. The corn-market this morning was steady at tormer prices. The terms of the loan proposed to be raised by -the Norwegian Government to assist the mercantile establlshments in that country affected by the failures in Hamburg and En,gland are understood to lmve been arranged with Messrs. Baring and Co. 'The loan will be small, but its precise amount has siot yet been fixed. The reduction in the rate of discount seems likely to renew, to a partial extent, the drain of ailver to 'the Eat. Although the amount by the steamer of the 4th of January will be small, preparations are 4aready being made for the despatch of a larger -supply-' by the next mail, when it is calculated the increasing cheapness of money may render the -operation profitable. The Northumberland and Durham District Bank seems likely, as far as the anxieties of its share-holders are concerned, to rival the Royal British. As to the loim of its entire paid-up capital there is, It mnsy be presumed, not the smallest doubt, and the stoppage of business having, according to report, teen delayed until every convertible asset bad been exhaustod, either the depositor3 and other claimants utst await until such property aa remains can be .iowly realized, or the necessary amount will have to be extracted from the shareholders, who must patiently trust that some portion of it may be ulti-mately returned. The aggregate of debts is stated *to be upwards of 3,000,0001., and hence a degree of presture is to be apprehended which will in many -Cases prove utterly ruinous. Meanwhile the posi-tion of the sufferers is to be aggravated apparently 1y almost interminable law- costs. There is to be the usuai contest for the post of official masnger, and doubtless every device which Chancery proceedings invite wll. be resorted to by all parties who -may hope to gain or save anything by increasing the -embarraasment and delay. Let it boe remembered hat the whole of this Is a result of the pro. tective system establshed by Government. But for the knowledge that the shareholders were liable, whatever might be the -sum to which their manager mdght commit them, the bank, with its damaged reputation after the events of 1847, would never have been trusted, -oxcept to such extent as it might have deserved, ,while at the tame time the directors and proprietary -would have been of a more prudent and, doubtless, -also of a more wealthy class. Indtead of having the advantage of a bank of defined means, moderate pretensions, and unexceptionable character, such an 'nighthasveexistedbut for the stateof the law,-forno tbank without unlimited liability could live except 'y its good name,-the locality has been disgraced 'with an institution whose powers were totally un-checked by any necessity for goocd conduct, and the -end is that all parties are alike injured and deceived. The Government find, as in every previous ce, -hat the attempt to subetitute legislative for private vigllance renders them open to reproach when any. thing goes wrong; the depositors discover that the safety of their claims wa a deluaion, and that, in -addition to postponements which may cripple many of them, they may have at lst to be content with a -composition; and the shareholders, who form the -class least able to help themselves, since the Idea of -any individual being able to exercise control over a jpublic company is nothing but a popular fiotion, are for the most part broken down for the remainder of ,their days. Perhaps it will be said, however, that -all these facts are now sufficiently recognized; that notwithstanding the recent fate of M£r. Headlam's -motion against Government meddling in such con-cerns, there is no doubt Parliament will amend the .aw as soon as the Currency Committee shall have -made their report, somewhere about next July or July twelvemonth; and that meanwhile there is no me in accumulating proofs which have already been 'urniahed in abundauce. But the public will be greatly deluded if they allow themselves to suppose that this ia the real prospect. Undoubtedly there is at leugth a very -general disposition to admit that the law which compulsorily enforces unlimited liability in the trade of 'banking, and in no other trade whatever, has led to 'tremendous calamities, but -we are almost as far as -ever from any acknowledgment of the principle that Government should leave the people entirely to their -own discretion. One kind of protection having pro-ducedfatal consequences, another is to be advocated, -with the hope ihat at last we shall hit the secret as -to the point on which the State can properly under. take to supersede private judgment. The new plan, swhich seems to have found favour, is that the com-pulsory enforcement of inlimited liability bhall be -abandoned, but that all shareholders in ban-ks shaU -be compulsorily liable to twice the amount of their subscTiptions, Tho thought of cutting the whole jnatter short by leaving traders and investors -to decide for themselves whether in any given -cas it would be best to have unlimited, partially limited, or lim.ted liability would restrict to 4 degree not to be tolerated the necesity for any -display of the wisdom of Parliunent. We musS -therefore have a great many more experiment; before we can hope to arrive at so simple a concl-n sion. To ordinary persons the subject, inasmuch as it really involves a general principle, would seem to admit of no argument. Either the ;State should not interfere in the conduct -of any branch of private business, except 4o enforce the due fulfilment of voluntary 'contracts, or it should interfere in all. The creditor of a joint-stock bcnk for 1001. should m more be protected than the creditor of a manufwcturing company for a bale of silk of similar value. If, therefore, the xubscription to a brak is to in-vQs. a double responsibility, a like responsbility should attach to shareholders in every other undertaking. If legilation im to bereepected it must be consistent. Parliament are greatly disposed to treat the people as children, but they should remember that children in their simplicity have sometimes a strtling way of weeing through the deepest solemnities of con ventlonal twaddle. If it were not for the horror of ariving at anything by a direct method, it might be shown that the convictons on this subject are founded like that which tells us the sunr wiI rise to-morrow. The event has been invariable, and we conclude it will be repeated. In the same way throughout all history It bas been shown that the attempts of Governments to regulate the conduct of trade, whether by bounties, protection, prohibitions, or any other means, have always proved mischievous, and the conclusion Is that they always will do so. It might be assumed, therefore, that we have by this time arrived at a stage at which all discumio n on such a point should be dismised. Whatever rmay be the view attained by the general public, however, it is evident their representatives are not prepared for any such aceptance of a general proposition. If, therefore, the project oF substituting in banking affairs a new kind of protection in plaoa of the old one is to be defeated, it must be by showing in detail all the evils and absurdities to which It will lead. When it shall have been explained at abundant length that if Parliament undertake to give any protection to a creditor they are bound to make it perfect; that they cannot engage that a double liability shall just answer the purpose; that this double liability, although it has worked better where it has been tried than the mon3ter evil of unlimited liability, is, after all, a direct encouragement to specalation, since it induces men to assume commitments beyond the capital they have in hand available for investment; that it is such commitments thit lead to all the worst miseries and demoralization consequent upon bank failures, as it is only to avoid thes flat shareholders fly the country, or reeort to litigation, evasion, or perjury; and that no one was ever crushed in all his future I efforts except by some such liability for which he had never prepared, and for which people never wil prepare, they may find they have made some way; but it must stMll be feared that nothing but further lessons from disater will suffice to bting the conteat to a conclusion. A meeting of creditors of Messr. Svendten and Johnson, merchants, whose suspenion was announced ton the 18th ult., was held this morning, when the following very unsatisfactory statement wan submitted by Mr. Ball, of the firm of QuIlter and Ball, accountants - STATzMENT OF TII AYPAIRS Or MESS" SvM-DS AND JOBIX8ON, OF SAVAGE-GAIDXNS, LONDON, AND NXWCASTL2-UrOX-TYNZ, Nov. 18, 1857. Dx. s.~~A16d. ; ~& . TOCreCtUnnC.. .. .. .. 17,745 14 7 To oreditos woured-Esimad yalue ot 0- ¢uritte .. .. .... .. ..9 TO snOuntOC ot2clalmx .. .* .. .n_X9 3 4 Toxplus pera ;i.. 3 . To labilities o sceptLoenc, £7,823 bC. 4d. of wbloh It In expeobd chimp wil ais oe 34.286 a e To liabiUties on billb receIvabli, e14,389 1&6d. of whieob It I eatimated wi llproye claim, cn tlaesltq ..e ,. .. .. . 40,ss3 16 2 LAW 13 i n bills recelvable on h bD4 £ s. .. d1 By debtm- Oe*lderedgood *- .. .. 7.1W t O ,, doubttl ... £5745 10 10 EsiMAtIt .. .. 1,457 1 8 . bad .. l3a737 28a -s,37a 7 2 17 abae of uBip, eedimated value .1000 0 0 Biy merobandlee aud mdee on hand. eetl- mated at. . . .. 231 It 2 BT8-Plus e Ouslies In bands of meitors. 1N 3 0 4=.125 2 4 The probable dividend wMll thus be about 2s. od. in the pound. Mr. Ball stated that the books have not been well kept, and therefore the balance-sheet' prepared cannot be considered perfectly accurate, but that there is no doubt of its substantial correctness. The large deficiency arises principally from the firm having carried on the system of blank credits to an extent greatly beyond their means. The two branches at Newcastle and LIondon have been kept distinct, and it was to the latter that the system in question was confined, the trade at the other place being upon a legitimate basis. In September, 1854, business was commenced at New. castle with a capital of 3811., and at the beginning of the present year the London house was insolvent to the amount of about 3,0001., although the general accounts showed a nominual surplus of about that sum. The assets consist chiefly of a ship and debts, considered good, in Norway. There is no private property except farniture. Ai an illustration of the extent to which the bill transactions have been I carried, it appears that at the date of suspension the liabilities on bills receivable and acceptances were over 150,0001., the capital of the firm being about 3,0001., and that of the total deficiency of 80,8601. 75,2801. aries from this source. The estate was ordered to be wound up under ipection. A short time back it was Intimated that, owing to the readiness of contradiction on the part of speculative and embarrased houses, the public must understand that, so far from their getting an insight into all the worst cas of the recent financial crlsis, it was only -with the greatest difficulty that some of the leading circumstances could be exposed. Unlesm the books of a house cau be absolutely investigated or the partners be brought under examinsatlon, any. thing that may be stated with regard to them can, of course, be met by a flat denial. One instance wa cited in which a house at Glasgow, in the last stage of insolvency, got a legal finn in oUndon to vouch for its credit, sad to denounce the recklessess with which It had been caled in question; and yesterday an analogous case occurred, Mesr Mackenzie, Etamasy, and Co., of Dundee, having written to TKe Times, endeavouring to convey an impression that their trade had been only to the extent of 30,0001. per annum instead of 500,0001. (the fact of its having been termed an " export" instead of a general trade giving rise to the ostensible correction), and boldly asserting that they were totally free from the stigma of having any accommodation bill transactions whatever. This letter was dated the 26th of December, five days after Mr. Ramsay, the junior partner, according to a report in the &otsman, had testified in the Sherff's Court at Dundee that the firm had had accommo- dation bills to what he caled a "small extent." I do not remember," he said, " with one exception, having more than 2,0001. at any one time. The exception I refer. to was Broom. and Co. in 1854, and was about 4,0001." The following letters relate to the general features of their failure:- " Sir,-I am very much surprised to see in 17ic Timem a letter from Messrs. Maokenzie, Ramsay, and Co., of Dun. dee, In reference to one which appeared the other day In your Money Artiole from 'Manufacturer,' In which they say their trading did naot exceed 30,0001. a-year, instead of 50,OOOI., and tat theyhad no accommodation bils. I can to the fulest extnt corroborate the letter of 'IA Manufso. turer,' and have no hesitation in saying that the satement now made by Messrs. Mackenzie, Ramsy, and Co. is merely au attempt to take refuge under a quibble. I fear it is ian to preach to merhants on the subject of mercantle morality while they cannot be brought to view thinps through an honeet, co=mmn-senso medium nor to look upon the most recklessly dishonest speculation and its rainons con-e quesces bit with complaency. "I have now before me an authentic report of the examS. nations of both the partners of that firm in the Bankruptcy Court at Dundee. Both of them confess to having been carrying on buslness for years without any capItal after their own hooks bore evidence of their utter insolvency, and when their entire dependency was on bills But let the truth of "A AManufacturer's" letter be vouched by Mr. Mackenzie and Mr. Ramsay themselves. Mackenzie says. in his examination:- Our g.uss trAutiQPs wi-Ub %* Bri*4 Lia. r m pany and Bank of Scotland' (referring to tho branches of these banks In Dumdee)' for the year 1856 were 417,849. They were not lesn for the following year; bat the bools are not yet madc up.' Besides ts, they appear to have discounted blll8 iE lMesr. Edward Baxter and Son, Dundee, bst to what extent Is not said. And ai :-'As we were trading for the lasttwc years (he mighthave said aUl along) 'on credlt, and raised onr credit entirely on bill, a varety of b&s were falling due from week to week.' Mr. Ramsay'a statement Is to the same effect, and both confs to having been paying discounts to the extent of 10,0001. a-year. ' A Manufacturer' hus corroctly described the mode in which thee bills were ' manufactured,' and he might have told you of one instanco referred to by both of the partners In which their firm drew a bill for 1,04 upon the ' Deanfield Bleaching Company,' of which they were the only partners, and discounted It with a branch of the accommodating Western'Bank of Sotland at Meigle I " With these facts before them your readers will be able to jadge how a businos to the extent of 30,0001. a-year eame to require biUs discounted to the extent of 417,8491. and upwrs duing the same perlod, and to pay discounts to the extent of 10,0001. "1 The public are deeply Indebted to you for the exposures of mercantile dishonesty which have lately appeared; and ft would greatly 1mpair their general usefulness were It to be supposed that in the inuance In qaestion you had given currency to 6 grosly ihaccurate tate of the facts, as Mackenzie, Ramsay, and Co.'s let ter Is intended to show. In my humble opinion, this failure, all things considered, occurrlng in a third or fourth rate So tch town like Dandee, Is about one of the worst that has happened. :I am, &m., !s ANOTHER 2LIIUFACIrUER "Dundee.* C' Slr.-Messrs. Mackenzle, Rmansy, and Co. do not im. pugn one of the statements made by ' A Manufacturer ' in his letter of the 25th inst. " That their finm had tnsacios with one bank to the extent of 417,8494 In one year appears from Mr. Mackenzies evidenoe, and the sttements of that gentleman show that 'he busines from the first purchae of the ma.r& used in the manufacture of their goods Wa a complete sytem of accommodation. Mr. 3iuvay in his examination admits that his firm not only had accommodation bill tranotioniiTs, but in one e were so hard pushed a tobe oblig to draw againd yrn that was not the property of the firm, bat only in their poeseon on consignment. "Iam, &C., "A B." The J eoumal de Frankfort states thst the estimated sum required for the new works oontemplated in Srdiua is 70,000,000f. (2,400,0001.). The Abeona hm arrived from Macao with 205,6001b. of tea.
SHADING IN OHUOHErS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-"A Country Churchwarden " boidly brins a chrge against the English clergy collectively, and writes before the name of that body, " B. Imp.; " a prefix which in an saize enudar is not generally supposed to imply very high educational attinments, "The English clergy a half-ducated body of men I's I can Imagine, Sir, the lndlpant mssives whibch wil reach you from all quarters to-morsow. I can imagine the venerable plr-titudee about "the high intellectul, educa. tional, and soeial position which It hu long been the pride,' &c.-great stuff, but harmless withal-and the "lettes hfom high lAtitudes," dated "Eve of S. Sylvester," and seed with a monogram, which will remind you, more in sorrow than in anger, that the Anglcan Sevice Book was never intended to be " read at all, which is ery profound and painfl Dnonsense indeed. But, in point of fact, Sir, youz corrspondent is right. I have known for many years an elder brother of the Rev. Mr. Torpor, a worthy man, who holds the vicarage (a family living in the gilft of Sir Morpheus Torpor) of the old parish down at home in Slumberand4 So my wits were early set to work to reconCile the doctine of the " high intellectual," &a., in which, as a sound Church-nd-King Conervative, I of course most devoutly believed, with the fact that the vicar eould never read e First lesson without my feeling myself sorely tempted to laugh out loud. The fact Was stubborn; the doctrine gokIterribly shaken at Oxford, and. has sinoo oome bodily to ruin in the course of my clerical experience So, Sir, I am fain to admit th the " Country ChurharWet'" Is right. But Idlffer slghtly from him on the cause to which ?4i refers the evil To a certain extent, indeed, the Bishops, or, to go back a step further, the univerdtties are responsible for the bad reading in our churches. It is notorious that the prayers in college chapels are read in a very hurried end slovenly way. The grt object frequently appean to be on the part of the men to get out of chapel, an4 on the part of thereaderstoletthem. I wellrememberthat whenliaZe up from a curacy to redde on sy fellowship my first service In chapel excited strong undergraduate comment, because I had kept them some minutes longer than the regulatlon allowance. With such exmples of reading prayers before them as the coleges too often supply, no wonder that the men gain no good from their owzt occasional practoe in reading the lesns, and go down frequently into curacles without an idea of the true devotional performance of the srvioe. WeU educated In other respects, here they "read Imperfectly," becaus they were never taught to "read Well." There are, however, now In orders, and there will be, If I mite not increosingly, numbers of men who re not, and never will bo, of a high educational mark. Oxford and Cambridge supply msany of these, other instltutions many more. In the last 20 years the derand forclergy baa nearly doubled, ed as the means for thelr maintenanoe have not mearly doubled, or anything like it, the consequoeae is that a Yva number of men are called Into the ministry as "additional' or "perpetual' curtes, who have nothing before them through their lives but Lncomes ot from 50. to 1W4 a-year. Do not be shooked, Sir, If I try thLs fact by the ordinary rules of supply and demund 1n scular mattr or if I say that a large body of poor clergy will of necesity involve a large proportion of half-ducated clergy. The church of Rome on the continent, and the Dlsewnting bodie at home, sapply evidence of the fact; and the phenomenon is not a new one in the history of the English chureb. Meanwhile much may be done If collego tutors and en. didates for orders at the Universities wil read over agait ' A Country Churehwarden's" letter, and think about its I am Sir, yours restectfully. A LONDON INCU1MBENT. Me 30U.
2'O TH19 EDITOB OP THA TIMRS. Sir,-On Sunday, the 27th Inst, about three minutes before 5 o'clook in the afternoon, just as it as beooming dusk, I saw a most magnificent meteor in the north-east of the heavens. Its appuent sine was about six times that of th planet Jtpiter, and a long train of Hght followed its path I appeared to be moving from north to south, and remained sible some seconds It s not dark, or the spectacle wrould have been even more magnificent. The lighi, was of a silvery whiteness. In cae any s meteor was. seen ib Englnd on that even aboutthIhouzI hae dli: catea, the data I have written may be usefuhL Owig to the difference of longitude It wrill have beenl observed, ifEeen in E:ngland, at an earlier hour than I have mentioned, but ita brillianoy -was so great that I believe it would havebeen distinctly visible even at midday _I am Sir, sour obedient smr-t x. y. E. JreLvOrgi *rraQ iuoby of Baden, Dec. 28.
DEATH oxo03 PoIsoN.-A paragraph in yeeterdaLy's 2'ime,, mentioned that am Inquiry was pending relative to the deatIx ot the wife of the imater of the Keighley workhouse, which took ocplac under suPici ei circum. stances, at an early hour on Saturday mnorning, the 19th Iust. The namne of the decewsed la Barbara Sar an h Wa to have been buried on the Wedneyday lo o g her death; but, in consequence of various ramours that pre- ailed, the interment was stopd by- an order of the coroner, Mr. Thomas Brown, annd a ost 9mortem exakmination of the body was ordered to be made. An Inquest was opened on the day the funeral should bave taken plae, but It was adjourned till the foUowing Saturd",ad gi till Tuesday last. In the mean time MIr. W il'. Tuddock, surgeon, ReIgbley, in conjunction with Mr. Ainley, surgeon, Bingley, etedW the liver and other portions of the inteatins, with a view to Ascertain the preence of oisen, but without any satsfactory result. The stomacb, lver, kidneys, and rectum were afterwards rent to Mr. Morley, surgeon, of Leed 'whe made a chymlcal aynali of them, and discovered arsenic Inaquantity more thani saff. cdent to destroy life. The husbRandof the deceased, JTohn SlWr, has been taken aiteo custody on sspion of having adminisered the poison, but ee h a L yet been no evidenc prcduoed tending to prove the charge On Tuesday severa witnesss deposd to the decease having spoken of the IMtreatmient oFhe.r husband, and the inquest 'wa again adjourned unitil to-day (Thursday), in order that Mr. Morley might have rn opportunity of ascetining the chymleal contents of two bottles found in the prisoner's house, containing podrof dlifferent colours. The cane hie catzsed gret ex. c=eet in Kelgbley and the neighbourhood. The deeased, it maxy be stated, was only ill about a week before she died. RITrFMEN- OY AIR. JWiSTICE VxRnsw=u -Yesteray noicewa exihiad t te udges chambers thait Fridy nxt.In ashots~n~, is ordhipwill retire from
ON THB iSTUDY OF THE INDIAN LANGUAGES. It in onething to inquire into thecauses of a'rebellion, another to inquire into the cause of its partial auccs. . To remove the cauea of a rebellion is in many cuses impossible, in some even undesirable; but to guard against its possible success is under all circumstances the duty of a watchful Government. The sudden and unexpected explosion of a rebellion, if auccessful only for a few days, causes irreparable mischief by the first unchecked outburst of lawless passion and ferocity; and it is the principal duty of every Government to keep itself well informed of the state of public feelphg, to watch with a more careful eye every point indicated as dangerous, and to be prepared on these points for every emergency. Whatever the causes o' the Indian rebellion may have been, one thing is clear and admitted by all parties: the Government was taken entirely by surprise. The civil and military officers of the East India Company had been as ignorant of the state of public feeling among the natives of India as of the state of public feeling among the inhabitants of the moon.. This is a fact not to be lost sight of in the troubled waters of politics. We may turn a deaf ear to all personal accusatiops and recriminations. But this one fact remains unshaken. Fifty thousand Englih lived in daily contact with 150,000,000 of natives, employing them as servants, using them. as assistants, intrusting them with the military defence of the country, and raising them in many cases to places of contsiderable responsibility and emolument, and not one of the 50,000 knew what was known, more or less, to every one of the 150,000,000; and not one of the 150,000,000 gave warning to any one of the 50,000. The Greeks would say that the gods interposed a cloud between the two parties, that the one might not see the thoughts of the other. A natural philosopher might suppose that there was a Idnd of non-conductor between the two parties. ArQ, indeed, there was guch a cloud; there was such a jion-conductor. It was the ignorance of the language that prevented the officers of the East India Company from having any real 3ntercourse with the natives, and talkng any interest In their peronal conversation. It was the ignorance of the language which ereated a feeling of estrangement, mistrstt, and oontempt on both sides. If we travel in France and do our beet to learn something of the language, we are apt to treat every Frenchman who will kindly carry on a conversation with us with marked respect. Whatever our superiority may be in all other respests, we admit, at least, that the Frenchman speaks French better than we do, and we give him credit for it. But once let us make up our minds that it is useless trying to learn their jargon, that if we do them the honour of travelling through their country it is their business to find out what we want, and the result will be that we are laughed at and disliked, and that we return the same feelings with ample interest. At the en4 of such a continental journev our views of the manners, the feelings, the policy, and religion of the country we travelled through, though we may lay them down with great authority, are about as likely to be correct as the views which the majonity of the civil and military officers entertain about the natives of India. This was not always so. In former times there were always (amongo the civilians particularly) a few eminent men who had acquired a thorough knowledge of the spoken dialects, who were familiar with the ancient literature and the various systems of religion of the country, and who had studied the national and religious prejudices of the natives in the very sources from which they flowed. These men- and we mention at random the names of Sir William Jones, Colebrooke, Macnaghten, Wilson, Sleeman, Millwere respected and trusted by the nativea and they formed a kindof channel through whichaknowledge of the real state of the feeling of the country with regard to any measure of importance could be obtained. The presence of any one of these men at Delhi or Lucknow would have been worth a regiment,-nay, many regiments. During the last 20 years, however, the prosecution of Oriental studies has been systematically discouraged. A fond hope was entertained that English would soon become the general language of India, and an impresion got abroad tbat the time given to the study of Arabic and Sanscrit and Ilindostani was sheer waste. At how much a knowledge of the laniguages of India was valued may be seen by the regulations now in force with regard to the examination of candidates for the Indian civil service. In the first examination a candidate may gain 375 marks by Sanscrit and Arabic. Ee may gain as many marks by Italian. In the second examination (which has simply been dropped without any bill of indemnity being asked for) a candidate may gain 200 marks by one of the vernacular languages. He may gain 1,000 marks by law, 400 by political economy, 400 by the history of India. rhese facts speak for themselves. Lest it should be supposed that we exaggerate the impediments which a deficient knowledge of the vernacular dialecta throws into the way of a familiar and easy intercourse between the governing and the governed classes of India we add a few extracb from competent authorities:- Ideutenant-Colonel Sleeman, an offlcer who has spent a long life in India, and was considered one of the crack Oriental scholars, writes - " The best of us Europeans feel our deficiencies in convereation with Mahomedans! of high rank and education, when we are called upon to talk nPOn subMects beyond the everyday oocurrenoes of life. A =abomedan gentleman of educmtion is tolerably well acquainted with astronomy as it was taught by Ptolemy; with the logic and ethics of Arlstotle and Plato, nwith the works of Hippocrates and Galen, through these of Aloetnna or, as they call him, Bodle. Shena; and he Is very capable of talking upon all subjects of huloso hy, literature, science, and the arts, and very much lncea to do so, and of understanding the nature of the improvements that have been made in them in modern times. But, however capable we may feel of discussing these subject, or explaining these improvements in onr own language, we aU feel ourselves very much at a loss when we attempt to do It in theirs, Perhaps few Europeans have mixed and conversed more freely rith all classes than I have, and yet I feel myself sadly deficient when I enter, as I often do, into discussions with Mahomedan gentlemen of education upon the subject of the character of the Governments and institutions of different countries-their effects upon the charater and condition of the people; the arts and scences; the faculties.and operationg of-the human mind, and the thousand other things which are subjects of every-day convermstion among educated atd thinking men inu our own country. Ifeel that they could understand me quite well if I could find words for my ideas. But theEe I cannot find, tboug their languages aboeun In them ; nor have I ever met the European gentleman who could Ewat Indlans can, but they commonlr wAnt the ideas as much as wee want the language. The chief cause of this deficiency is the want of sufficient intercourse with men in whose presence we shonld be ashamed to appear ignorant; this is the great secret, and all ehould know and acknowledge It. We are not ashamed to convey our orders to our Datir aervants in a barbarous language. Mlfitary offiocs seldon speak to their sepabses and native officers about anything but arm, accoutrements, and drill, or to other natives about anything but the sports of the field; and as long as they are understood they care not one straw in what language they express themselves. The conversation of the civil servants with their native offlcers takes sometimes a wider range; but they have the same philosophical indiffer. ence as to the langge in which they attempt to convey their ideas; and I have heard some of our highest diplo. msitic chacters talking without the slightest feeling of shame or embarrassment to native Princes on the most ordinay subjects of every day's interest in A language which no human being but themselves could understand. We shall remain the same till some change of system inspires us with stronger motives topl: and condliate tbe educated classes of the native community. They may be reconciled, but they can never be charmed out of their prejudices or the errors of their preconceived opinions by such language as the earopean gentlemen are now In the habit of sp g to them. We must learn their languaga better, or we must teach them our own, before we an. venture to introduoo among them those free institutions whioh would oblige us to meet them on equal terms at the bar, at the bench, and in the Senate. Perhaps two of the best secular works that were ever written upon the faculties and operations of the human mind, and the duties of men in their relations with each other, are those of Imamod Deen, Ghuzzalee, and Nuseerod Deen, of Thons. Their Idol was Plato, but their works are of a more practical character than his, and less dry than those of Aristotle." Mr. Nassau Lees, Principal of the Mahomedan College in Calcutta, gives the following account of an Indian court of law "Wbile the junior clvil servant should be balancing it his mind the evidereo of the witneses his whole sttention Is engrossed in endeavouring to undershnd what is being said. Few who have not seen it can realize the idea of a Bengali native court; the din, the hubbab, the dicord. ance of the many voices, Bengali, EngUsh, and Hindos. tani, is truly astounding. On the one side are heard the gentle tones of a mlld Handoo, pourlDg in soft Fuppliance his griefs, with accompanying promises, into the ear of somo native Anilah. On the other, the ear is assailed by the h bhest language, often the most virnlent abuse, bandied batween two vwitneses, or lookers on, app. rently in the lwt 8tage of a violent altercation; and to ls is added the =necessary vociferations of some dozen polAce. men, who xith, gesticulating violently, to tbe spot, tfo in. orese t%X o nfusion. Bit above all rises the 4 hri ory of 4'MereM Gompany! Mercy! The slave is dead. He 15 dea4&"S 'ferm some miserable wretch who P*,a bcin -ur y, ^st in the amount of some 30 or 40 the xo s;oeIul feelings of a Ox.ym7 " better tenns tham himsef with the Stri,htakdcr, or native head clerlr, who not improbably will have disped of hi good offices fot one halt the sam in dispute, Yeawnhlle. behold the ssistant, the heed of th. pettv Court. Biege by witness, beset alike by plWtinfs defendants, and Court officals all, Bpswldng at One; addresed, perhap, In three, if not in four, native tongues, he sits confoundedbewildered. In vain he esys to comprehend the c*uso of the uproar; of what is said around hia he cannot anderstUnd a sentence. Fain would he explin or proclaim sUenoe; he cannot speak a word. Oh, that en iambio wouli still the storm, a quotation fron Goethe or Dante, an aphorism of Baon's, xn explnation of D'Alembert's Prnnm'ple, or the efinition of a differential co-elfclent I But, alm! sIna thingp here are of little practical ue. The clamour in. crease The dist of the astant augments; until at last, his court in a state of the highest disorder, and unable to rght it,. he rushes in confusion from his seat, Towing never to return till he can understnd somethtng at least of what is eid to him, and say a few sentenoes intalligibly in some Oriental language." Sir Charles Trevelyan says " I know from my Indian experience that a knowledge of the native languges ia an indispensable preliminary to understanding and taking an interest In native races, as wol as to wairlng their goodwill and gaining influence over them. without it ofoiers charged with important public affairs, feeling themselves at the mercy of a clas of !nterprete ihose moral chaeateris often ot,a ery qrtestiont able kind, hre in a stte of honi irrttion with the na. tives, whish is extremely adverse both to thetsatisfactory transaction of business and to the still more important object of giving to the,people of the countr a just Impres. ulon of the obaractor and intentions of our ni~tiou." "Indophilus" in his letter to The Times writes * 4'After the cadets have been elected, they ought all of fAa,' to have at least one years professlonal instruction ate .=llitary college." One of the reaons for this is- " To teach them therebmeRts. of the native languages, which can be .earnt with greater facilty and exactnes from well-instrueted European professors than from moon. shees and pundit." And again:- " It shonld not be iett, sa It Is at present, to the discretlon of a young man whether he wi3l pass in the native languages or not, The power of understanding his men and of renderig hiinelif intelligible should be conddered an incaspenable qualMi~catou, zdthose who cannot or will not acqusire the necessay accomplishment should be removed from the service. The office of regimental interpretar and te practce od interpreting at courts-marti Should be abolished. Every officer should be preuned to understand the language of his soldiers." Long before the outbreak of the Indian rebellion another of your correspondents, pointing out the d angerous neglect of the study of Oriental languages, of Sanacrit in particular, wrote: " A crisis in ths social, moral, and religious state of India maynot be far distant, and it wil deoend on the position which the Puropeans scattered over that immense country may be able to tke in controlling and directing that movement whether it Is to lead to violent conenssions or to a healthy regeneration. It is difficult to prove mathematioaDl how so small a matter as the study of Sansorit coud bave any boaeing on the solution of such mighty problems; and those who look upon It ag a kind of lightning-rod, and point to the clouds risAng on the political nd oial horizon of India, exposa themselves to be treated as alarmists, who exaggerate the danger in order to raise the importanoe of the remedy which they recommend2" A man need not have been in India to see that in order to overn a people, and to gain the confidence ang goodwill of a conquered race, it is noces- ryto know their language. At the late meeting in Willis's Rooms on the Missions in India, Sir W. P. Wood gave utterance to the same oconviction. " Much might be done," he said, " by bringing the English and native minds as much as possible in contact. This was comparativelyeay, for the Government might require that no native should take an office unless he could speak the English tongue, and that no Engglishman in turn should be placed in a postion of authority unless he was well acquainted with the native languages. Great good must un*doubtedly ariee from such a regulation." It ought to be, and no doubt it will be, one of the rst things for Parliament to declare that a study of the native dialects shall be obligatory on every candidate for the Indian civil and military services. Ita]ian wlt no longer have the same importance as Hindostanee, law will no longer carry five times as many marks as Sanscrit, in the examinations for India. But it will also be the duty of Government to provide the candidates with the means of learning Indian languages in this country, by establishing an Oriental college. It is a mistake to imagine that the Oriental languages can be better learnt in Calcutta than in London. The eiLementa of grammar and a knowledge of the literatulre can be acqunred infinitely better from European teachers, and it is only after this solid foundation has been latd that actual intercourse and conversatiou with natives can be of any praetlical use. What in wanted is a staff of professors, together with some native asmitants. There should be profesora for Sanscrit, Arabic, and Persian, capable of teaching the grammars and of lecturing on the llterature,Uhe law, and religion of the Hindoos and the MIahonedans. For practical purposes they should be assisted by learned natives, The lectures of the professors and the lessons of the teachers should be open to all the candidates for the civil and military service of India; and no candidate should be allowed to proceed to India without having satisfied the examiners that he had acquired that knowledge of Orienltal languages and literature, which, by dint of study, can be acquired by everybody, and without which the officer, as well s the civilian, with all his knowledge of Greek, Latin, Italian,law, and political economy, w,ill prove himsJelf helpless, useless, and dangerous at every critical emercency. R -~~~~~~PE[ILIN~DUS.
STATE OF THE BRVER THAMX& A copy of the recent report of Mr. Gurney to the First Commissioner of Works on the state of the Thames has boen printed by order of Paliamlent. It is dated the 3d of November last, and espladns the means proposed by lr. Gutney for preventing a further pollution of the river ande the atmosphere arounhd the Hotses of Parliatent durng the constrntletin of any syatein of drainage that may be caried Sewae from the drains may be divided Into threo part-the liquid, solid, and gaseous, or soluble, insoluble, and adritorm. It Is a vulgar eror to suppose that the solid or insoluble sewage floats on the surface of the water, or "floats up and dowin withx the tide." On the contray, its specifio gravity is as much as 1325, It wtUl smik one foot pr minute In still water or slow currentf, and precipitate (or rather depoeit) In stronger currente, mornng In parallel lines; at a greater rate than 170 feet per minute, it wvll not precipitate (or deposit), the force of convolution then being greater thw2n andoonsequently overcoming tka force of gravi tation. Mr. Gurnoy givea au Interesting account of his expeAments with the insoluble sewae taken from the river which were made in August, the month of lea water. The quantity of sewage retained in the Thamea seema to be a rnling or constant quzntity; the river Is never ohoked up, nor i it ever even lean; andthe roogt filthy pet ofth stream liesbetweenHungerfordandthePenitentlaryat Millbank,this beingmainlyccasioned by tworetrogrades,the oneoutide the Speaker'a resddence, the other at Hungerfor The liquid and i7oluble se'wage Is carried away by excess of the downcast, but some part hangs about in the cespolg. The rato of solution of solid sewage after nineratlon in the river has not ye been ascertained but it Is estimated that generally one-fifth will be dlssolved after a weekes maoeration. Mr. Gurney, it fine, recommends that all the rotogrades and brattico easpools be destroyed,-that all the obstructions to an uniform flow of the river at low water be removed; that the rojections along shore be rounded off, and the hollowx fille np; that the serrated edges of the river at low vwaer be made plain and continued along the whole lin of low water mark; that the width of the water way at the lowest ebb be not more tban 140 yards from side to de, so that the river may not only run in an uriform current, but at a minimum rate of 225 feet per minute, and that from low water mark upwards th beach be so constructed that the shore may rlse at an agle of about three or four degrees with the horizon, or in roadma1sing parlance, of not less than 1 in 16, to facilitat the fll of tbe eawag into the bed of the river. The ceet of this arrangement wiUnot be so great as would at first sight appear, and the navigation of the river wouM be improved by IL As reeards gaseous or aerfform sewage, a most deadly poaonM. ur gney sugtetsthedeetruction of tha7retrograde, theproper trappi of outsof the sewvers, adthe combustion of the moxious gase The former fallur o bn the sewag gmes at Brmes and here were not i prindple, but in practice the interference of the ras of atmospheric ar over tlat of the gases not having been taken into account. It is shown that carburetted hydrogen, and, in fact, all elements of combustion, whether gascous or not, require to be brought up to a very high temperatue before they 'will ignite, and it is obious7 thatso to raise the temuperture when the gas of the se e ie mibe p with alarge masds of atmospheric air is ver difilcult. differeut apparatus, to meet the conditions., most be oePsIrnoied before success can be attained.
T.Hr PROJEcTzD L'Bei v. s n; Ps.- The toUowing are the Items ot the intended Paris Im. provements :-L Boilding oi a, St of reds Ic)uss) and boulevard;, which, brawchlx7 off trom th.eAway-ewminus,will unit a the d ol th towand divide it, it were, like tle squares of a chesboard ; the erets to be embllishod in eooeslon. 2. Improyement of theo 1Wt&ry oondition ol.Parsl, by the, JId g ef pure wata into a the stories of houses, and apu2let sewege of the streett 3. A new orxnaistion of ntrnal eomninmxksMomj, which, althoup hit.wi not reab t rgulanty of ar lway tfino, wiU d3l\a c& d great alleviatoto the ovecrowded 9zeet& The continnation of the ralilway up to the narh*bta CaaUa). the completion of te ciroUlSar railway linc around T.rs, on t+1Iebuak of tbo Seine, the utilization (f this line, and tie chiof market tc2inus for the transwot of trevefles ad es3pecially tha ccaveying of the wVV I w enL ,ez>wo whole extent of the line to taeir Of te distant dwew, is Fnong the ohlW items Ot this grand p.n. , o tbis !.to be added the removing of theo Ctrei statioDS (toUbato. the * es,iern,i forHtIlat1ons the IDS6ensfrilg oflths hospital beyond the centreof the town, adthe r nrg~o.et;*eriDnn at the. 5:Qr; lQ:' b5biWtiaS-tbn Inr&i*
I1BLAND. (fla oul OWN OonuPOND19.-1 DUBLnT, WzD.NESDAY Moriam EDOWED 8CEOOLS CONMISSION. The Belfast Newsltter announces, with an apparent air of authority, that the report of this commisaion, which will be made public in a few days, Will advocate the opening of all school endowaents to persons of all religious denominations. " In other words," says the Tory orga, "the Protetant foundations of Ulster will be thrown open to Roman Catholics." THE PAxRONAGE QUSZTION. The Dublin morning organ of the Irish Derby.ite exclaims vehemently agamst the appointment, of Lord Clanricarde to a post in the Ministry of Lord Palmerston, It is charged against the noble Marquis that while holding the office of Po6tmaster-General but eight Protestants were reciplents of his bounty. The Evening Post, the Whig organ, doubts the truth of this statement, but remarks that, if even well founded, the objection "comes with. a very bad grace from a journal which has been the organ of the Derby Government, which during the whole period of its exitence never had appointed a Roman Catholic to any office of emolunaent under the Crown." THE GREAT SLANDEP CASE. The prospects of the finale are not improving. The learned counsel for the plaintiff, who commaenced his speech to evidence on Monday afternoon, resumed yebterday morning, and occupied the day from the rising until the adjournment of the Court, long after the shades of night had set in. The jurors sworn to try the merits of such a case as this would require to be gifted with marvellously retontive memories. Mr. M'Donough's role is not yet played out. The learned gentleman begins his third chapter on evidence this morning. THE BErc.AST TEA PRAS. The NOrther Whg ooraplains that the 4Governnlent advisers continue their penecution of the Belfast tea-merchants by way of endeavouring to remedy the " blundering management" of local officils in connexion with the ease of John James Moore. The Whig adds .- The publo ae already wanre that respctble toadelers were eome time sinoe summal aeed for the duty ox team which they had purchsed, duty paid, from loore. 'With respect to other merchants the law advisers of the Crown have now adopted a different course, and have sued, by information In the superoTrcourts, for the recovery of the penalty, which will be at leat three times the value of the tem purchued. Notice of this proceeding ha already been served on the heads of everal firmas, but the informations wil not be filed til the partes enter theirappearance, which must be perfected before the 15th of January. We may mention that an eminent opiion has been given to the effect that the Crown can orly reek to recover penalties where the defendants are shown to have taken a part in the Moore frauds. Already this raid on the trade haconsiderably embarrased budness in Belfast. Delers iustly oomplain that notorious laxity in the administration of the businew of the Customs in Belfast should, for a series of months be permitted to hamper legitimate traffilo. It Is surely time that Government should see the hapolicy of contintung tese ill-advised prooeedings ageins certain tea merchants wrhose mercantile piosition places them above suspicion, and wrho are likely to have t&e sympathy of the gret body of the public. There may be guilt in some' quarters, but to get at the guilty lt is rathL hard to mnake the innocent suffer." THIE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, shut, 93 ; ditto, for aocount, Jn. 8, 1858, 93a Q; ditto, for new account, Feb. 9, 94 94k ; Neow Three per (ent. Stock, 93; J i i; ditto, for aecount, Jan. 8,18oS, 934 a ; ditto, for new account, Feb. 9, 94.941; Dublin and Kingatown Railway Debentures, 4 per cent. of 1001,, 98; MIning Company of Ireland (71. paid), 16. Pilwys.-Dablin and Bi fast Junction (501. aid), 404; Dandalk and Ennlildflen, 5 per oent preferenoe (perel), 84; Great Southern and Western Stock (1001. paid), 97A,; ditto, for account. 971; Killarney Junotion (101. paid), 9 - Midland Great Western and Royal Cand, halt-shares (251 paid), 23i ; Waterford and Kilkenny, for account (201. paid), S.
Tmn LAT¶rx FATAL ACCIENT Nx.sx THoIlN&-m The adjourned inquest on the bodies of the three permso killed by the explosion of the boiler of a portable threshing. machine on tho farm premises of Mr. Ridgill. of Thorn'e. moor-ends, neair Thorns, Yorkshire, on the 19th% ult. was resumed at the White Hart Tnn, at tha ton on Tuesday. Bincea the last inquiry another of Mr. Ridgill's sons, Henry, aged 10years, has dued of the injuries be'eoelved at the accj. dent. A third son, named Thomas, agod 8 years, was slso, much injutred, buit he is recovering. AU the bodies of the person killed were dredadUly mnutilated, especially that of Renry Ridgill, who wasm shockingly ea.lded from the head to the abdomen, he havingsto facing the aide of the engine when the explosion occurred. He was blown 24 yards from the spot, and not 15 yards, as stat-ed in t'he lact report. The jury baving been formally reawora, so sas to Include the cawe of Henry BidgMl In the present invest,ga tion, the former evidence was read over, and thel following additional factg were eleited :-The witness For, who at the Inst nqiry explained the state of the engine, just before the exp oodon took place, now saidl that there was very little water mn tlae engine, and that the steam was blowing off, but not much could escape owing to the safetyvalve being too t:ghtly screwed down. George Wriht, farm labourer of Thorne, who bed Ilved with the deceased proprietor of the thrashing-machine (Johnson) five years, but bad left his servioe abouLt three weeks before the acci.- dent, said the latter always consldered himself c-ompetent to man age the engine, buthbe(witness)did not. Johnson used to drive the engine at random, and sometimes put more, pressure on than the Index could indicate. Witness ha,d seen the deceased tie a piece of stick to the valve, to act as a lever, so as to obtain more pressue. Witness used to. remonstrate with him for dloing this, but deceaed always Insisted thakt he knew better how to work the engine thau. witness did. There was a water-gauge on the engine, b'tt It bad got stoppod up) and did not sot. The fimlmv - -- paires sDout last flrvest, and nine new tubes wero put i the boiler. Mr. Isaac odda, engineer at the Holmet Works, Rotherham, said he had examined the remains of the exploded booler. The casing which enclosed the fireboxc appearod to be the part torn off by the explosion. The firebos itself was In good sound condition, andtheouteideplatewas perfectlysonnd-itwsas&quarterofaninchthick. Theboller, firebox, and tubes appeared to have becn in excellent working condition, and were little worse for weaxr. There was o, sign of leakage; the Iron was very good, and the boiler altogether was very creditably made. The wsfety-valve wa small, but the witness did not think if it had been larger that the accident would have been preventedL The evidenee of the revious witnesees quite confirmed the opinion he hba formed on examining the boier, which was that the accdent arose entirely from an excess of pressure. Before he heard the evidence he had arrived at the concltsion that the safety-valve must have been sticking, or have been purposyel fastened down. Jndging from the perfect stte of the firebox and the plAte at the top of it, he did not consider thakt the accident arose from overhesting; there was evidlently water in the boiler at the time of the accident. It was impossible to say what amount of pressure there waa on at the time of the accdent, becaus the safety-valve was screwed down to smh an extent that it o longer deservred the name it bore. This clm of engine generally exploded either at startilng or at the first letting offof steam, for whem the engine was not working the wter was more at rest than whbx there was an escape of stam, and consequently the, instnt the steam was turned oa the water beaeae mom agitated, greater genertion .d steam ws produnei, and a sort of recoi occurred at th. pae where the sm wa impeded in Its escape. The present style of engine Was good as could be produoede particular engine was we made, but it bad be erioeal7 negected. A safer engInsoould be p roduoed if the -uswr wa net limited i. weightThe aclcent was occaioned by mismanagement. The management of bigh-preeure engines is now so simple tbati it can be undertood by almost anybody, and no. doubt Johnson thought he knew sxfficiently wel how to work his, but tfortnnately he did not and hence this acidest The kest way to avoid eltch calaities was to employ coonpetent peronx periodi Al to inspect ths boilers, and never to trust the machinee to Incopetent hadis Imanswer to quesions from the jury, Mr. Doddst id he did not think it wise to move azn engine when the steam wasaup, as was dome in this case, although If thereo Wasno exees of pressure it might not do mnuch han. It would be well, to let the persons who examined tbee&enginealso. exvnine, the per. sons who had the management ot them, and he would recommend that thse engines shouldfhave their ftlloomplbenent of fittings-each as water-gauges, &c., it being unsafe to trust to gaue-tap alone.for they oould not be dopended upon. He also reoommended the use of aniluy sftyvalves which oould not be tamperea with, ordinaur valves being provided for the use of the d2iver, an&d a fixed one which should be beyond his control: The ooroner, (Mr. W. MarrAtt, a ia. nmming up the. evidence, sid . was a questien. wheiker ths attention of the BogSlalture ought not ta be. diere to these aceldentswith.steam.- engines, with a. view to the adoption of some means ot preventing theit reourreuoe-auch za the iaspection of boilers, t'he existenoo of the ful complement ot fittings, ead the oDmpeieney of tba: person intrusted with engines. Tbo jury then. retired, san aHr a shortoonsultation zetuned the iollowing verct --'-We find that the decemsed, Tomas Johnson, FrEderlik Mlud, Chrlstopher Rili; and Hbm2y Ridgilg.were socdently hlled bl, the exylosion of th, boils, ofr a abeam thrshlnR-machine, caunsd by. unduo pressure resulting from the incom. petensy and mismaegeensat ot tho aid Thasa Jehn. son, ieceasi. And the jurY Muggtst to the ceroerthat he sheuld represeat to the Secretary of Sta andt otser autlisties thb- sessity of Govermssent or other ir,2ector beWin appointed to Intistte periodiLW ini 14#*01Db of steam thrashing.machines ad tha cepomtpy otbheir attendantts." The ooroner prDaled to Seamly with this ra9qaet as soon as possible and ihe pre. coednigs then terminated. CJIsT3slAs D uim"-On Tuesday Mua BurdQtfr (outts gave an excellent dinner to 300 poor parIshioners of St. Stephen's, Westminster. The Lord Bishop of Lorndor, vas present; also the Arohdeacon of Middlesex, Viseountm Torrngon, Canon Jennings, Messrs. Teunant, Garden. rierpolnt, A. F. Tracey, Major Cbeethan, &o. The entertainment was complet In all that could minlster bo the co2cfort ndlssr of the company. A portion of the Coddatdresm Guards' band supplied the music. The Bisop, Arelideacon Sinclair, Mr. Tennsat, and ethers toolt petink the spechecs, Miss3Coutta also addireing the poor pople Iwith a fewr kind words of advloe and encourgement. BwISTOL SUGA-MA r.-Thih market i od lot the Chrstmas holydqa till Tioiey uexi ro proximo.
FOREIGN INTBLLIGENOE. -TRANCE. (PEox oUR oWN CoiprowN-r.) IAportlon of tan following appeaed In our seoond .a AoJ. - '_. The Soiety for the Promlotion of Primary Instruction among the Protestants of 1'rance was founded in the year 1829; its institution was formally aathorized and its statutes ad rules were approved by Charles x., a Sovereign who had the reputation of being, more bigoted than any of his predecessors on the rench Throne. The Royal ordinance, dated the 16th of July of that yoar, twelve months before the revolution which drove himself and his family from France, declarea- "Art. L The Society for the Encouraement of Primary IntrucHon anmong the Protestants of Franoe is recognized as an esablishment of publie utllty. The sttutnes of the said cdety, a copy of which shall be annexed to the present ordinanoe, are and remain approved. No change shal be madein them without our authorization. *1 Art. 2. Respeoting the foundation, organiz&tion, an direction of itb schools, the said society will be bound to conform to the laws, ordinances, and regulations concerning primary instruction." The ordinance is countersigned by H. de Vatimesnil, Minister of Public ilstraction. Since then the society, thus organized, has held its regular yearly meetings, at which the sec.retary reads his report of the progress of the institution, and the reisources at its disposal. M. Guizot, the Preoident of the Committee of Administration, has for some years past taken the chair at their annual meetiugs, which are held in the Church of the Oratoire, in the Rue St. Honore. At the last, held in April of the present year, he was prevented from attending, and the Vice-President, M. C. Vernes, took his place; the usual speeches were delivered, and the reports read. Notwithstanding the liberal spirit which dictated the ordinance, and the tolerance in religious matters which is admitted to exist in this country, there is reason to apprehend that the difficulties always in the way of a small number scattered over a country where the immense majority is of a different persuasion are aggravated in some instances by the local -.ithorities. The law of 1850 on Primary Inrtruction provides that every French citizen of 21 years of age, and furnished with a regular diploma tetifying his capacity, can open a school after formally anaouncing his intention to do so, but that the rector of the Academic CounCil of the departmen;, or the Prefect filling the same function may object on the ground of "public morals." Iow, such oppcosition is only justiuiable when allegations aro made against the moral character of the schoolmaster; but the proviso of "public morals" leaves a door open, of which the local authoritie are often too ready to profit. Even when the Protestant faith is professed, and wor ship carried on in the commune, it la pretended by those who are too much disposed to object that discord among the population is apprehended. The authorization for opening the school is consequently refused, and the refusal is confirmed by the Academic Council. The Minister of Public Instruction is appealed to, but his argament is, that, in virtue of the same lavw, the decision of the Academic Council is final. All this i Isstted in the speech of the chairman of the meeting held in April last. So far back as 1855 M. Guizot, who presided at the meeting of that year, observed,- 4 For some time, and in some parts of the territory, we hAve encountered obstacles and impedlments in the ests-, blishment, or the maintenanoe, or the progressive activity of our schools, for which we -were not prepared,-at one time previore objections more or less spedous; at another dlays indefinitely prolongod; and in some case acts still rnore unpleaat. In one single department eight Protestant schools which had been in existence for some years were all at once shut up or interdicted, I oould mention the places, and proper namos-I will not now do go. But what is more strange than to witness in the same locality Protestant worship authorized and Protetaunt schools interdieted? Nevertheless, this has oconrred; and such acts are In evident oontradiotion-I might SAy shocking contradictton-to the principles recognized and proclaimed on that head." The truth is that the defect is in the law itself, which leaves a latitude to the intolerant. A writer in the Journal des Dibats has well observed that what is most to be regretted in the rmajority of roench laws is that in one part they take away the liberties which they allow in another. In the present instance there is one clause which practically neutralizes the others. You are allowed to open a public school, but, without alleging anything agant your character, the Prefect or Sub-prefe2 may decide thal the school is incompatible with "public morals," and the privilege is refused. This does not so much proceed from the desire of the authorities to act illegally, still less is it from any excess of religious enthusiasm on the part of people who, generally speaking, are not the class from whioh the greatest number of martyrs or confesors is taken but rather from an anxiety to keep olear of dlspute with the curds and bishops, and from the trouble which it 'would entail on them. The Government grant for the purposes of the society amounts to 1,000f. per annum, in the benefits of which the poorer Protestant population expect to partake. Such, at least, is the sum which has annually figured among other items In the receipts of the society aince its foundation in 1829. The sum total of cah received amounted last year to 21,967f., prooeeding from variolus sources, collected in the provinces or in the capital, but all from private donations and subscriptions, varying from year to year, as is always the case with voluntary aid. These resources increase sometimes, but the Governmnent grant never varies; of all others it alono has withstood any increase of expenditure. The object of the Society for the Encouragement of Primary Instruction among the Protestant Population is sufliciently set forth In its denomination. With a view to add to the funds derived from private donations and subscriptions an annual sale is held, which last two days, under the superintendence of a certain number of ladies resident in Paris. The last sle took place on the 22d and 23d inst., near the Conservatoire, in the Rue Berg6re. The proceeds are handed over to the treasurer of the society. The amount received the other day, cleoar of all expense, was 31,146f. Every article which figures on those richly ornamented counters is freely offered to the charity by the various membera of the committee, or by their friends and fellow-contributors. Among the purchasers are to be seen the English, American, and Swiss residents in this capital, in addition to the members of the various Protestant communities, who appear to forget all shades of separation to unite in the one general object of education. The charities supported exclusively by the members of the French Protestant Church in France are, I am assured, numerous; but the object of the present institution, as it extends over the whole country by the assistance afforded to the poorer members, is, in point of fact, the tuost important of them alL However large the sums collected, and munificent the private donations, still the amount is miserably defcient in relation to the object in view. From year to year this deficiency is expo3ed in the reports which are regularly presented to the solety at the general meeting, which Is held soon after Easter. The same sad tale is annually rereated of indigent schoolmnsters and schoolmis. tres,in neglectedviilages and remote towns orhamles; of struggling schools, which are barely kept opea -not, it is affirmed, from want of pupils, but from wan,t of funds. The occasional struggling with the local authorittes to obtain leave for the rection of some new school, or for its opening when ereted and prepared, I have alreadytouhed on. Az mightbe expected, the Catholic clergy are ever watchful, and they, no doubt coiesider it a duty to thwart and check all progress o f the kind. IJnder thes ciroumstances you will readily umderatand how little the chances are on the side of the minority. Churchee have been built by private subseription among the inhabitants of various localities, but have remained unoccupied for want of the indispensable authorization. On some of these occasions it occurs that the very existence of such a congregation is pertinaciouslg ignored by reverend dignitaries or their ecclesiastical or lay subordinates. An Instance of this peculiar sort of incredulity occurred about four years back in Brittany. Achurch had been bult by private contribution in a poor locality, but the existence of a number of Protestantx sufficient to eonstitute a legal congregation being stoutly denied by Monmieur le Maire, a singular mode of ascertaining the truth was suggested to the official and carried into execution. The vilLsge crier was sent round to beat up for the missing or lost ones by " tuck of drum." Tbe required number was forthcoming; the Mayor yielded to the evidence of his eyesight; 1e withdrw his opposition, and tbe authoriton w ras granted. In those localities where the Protestants are ia large numbers the struggle assunes a different ampect. There they re$uire no assistance from the parent society, whose chief mode of action consists in doling oat small sums in aid of the zcattered minorities. Without this support these would be left without any religious instructionj and without a place or formn of publio worship, for in many places the schoolroom on Sundays is used as a chapel. | On the whole, it would seem that in the pecunry assistance rendered to the indigent members of the Protestant faith the metropolis is far ahead of the provinces, where, relatively, little is done. ! As for Government aid, it may be doubted whether the present grant stands a chance of being increased. Letters have been received in Pris from Teheran stating that the Britiih Minister to the Court of Persia had declined acknowledging the son of the Shah as heir to the Throne. The reason assigned a is, that the young Prince was appointed heir at the suggestion of the Russian Government. Mr. Carrel Spence, Minister from the Government of the IJnited Stats to the Sultan, arrived in Paris last evening, coming from Constantinople. Vinedreesers have been engaged in the wine. growing departments of France to go out to Australia. The wages offered are advantageous to the vinedressers, who are engaged for extensive landed proprietors at Victoria. Vine cuttings had already been sent from Burgundy and the Bordelais to Australia. The meeting of the Council of State, which was to be held to-day, under the presidency of the Emperor, to discuss the usury laws question, was postponed in consequence of a slight indisposition whEich prevented HIis Majesty from attending. To the same cause is attributed the counter-order for the review which was to take place yesterday in the court-yard of the Tuileries. The following private telegrams have been re. ceived "MARSEILLES, DEC. 28. "The Malta jouraals state that the Porte, before con. senting to the cutting of the Suez Caal, demands the evacuation of Perim. " The Shah of Perai& haa invited the various Ambassa. dons to he present at the coronation of his son. "- The Englsh Minister, it is said, has refused to attend, making a reservation in favour of the rights of another heir to the throne, now a refugee at Bagdad." " BERNE, Dxc. 28. "The Federal CouncU has aWgned the various Ministerial portfolios in the following manner :-That of Geieral Policy to IL Purrer, preident; Interior, IL Pioda Justice, 1f Kunsel; Miitary Affairs, M. Frey HerosceFinance, Mf. Staempfll; Comamerce, hU. Forn6red; and Post.offioe, M. Naeff." A notice was poated at the Bourse to-day announcing that the directors of the Bank of France had reduced the rate of discount to 5 per cent. The Three per Cent calosed to-day at 68f. 25c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 92f. 50c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,370f.; Great Northern, 960f. ; Strasburg, 68Sf.; Pa2is to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 872f. 50c.; Western of France, 680f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 555f.; Great Central of Frnce, 648f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 690f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 840f.; Austrian Railways, 740r.; Roman Railways, 495f.; Russian Railways, 508f. 75c. Cburs A uaiu.-PARrs, December 29.-Cash Priogg. -Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yeaD), 93f. 25c. 93f. 92f. 75c. 5Qc.,- Fourper Cents., 801.; 'Three per Cente., 67f. 90o. 95o. 681. 67f. 95s, 90c. 68f. 68f. 5c.; Bank of France, 3,070t. 3,065£.; ditto (825f. paid), 3,070f. 3,065f.; Cr6dNt Fonder, Wf.; ditto, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 425f.; ditto, Tenths, Four per per Cents., 90f.; ditto, Tenths, Three Per Cents., 77f. 50c.; Cridit Mobtller, 825t. 837f. 50c. 83f. 832f. 50c.; Discount Bank, 6801.; Piedmontese Five per Cnats., 90.; ditto, Three per Cents., 531. 50c.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97R, Romans, 861; SpanIsh Deferred Converted Debt, 2Sf; ditto, Three per Cents., Interior, 37. BExohauge on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 27Ao.; money, 26f, 25s,; thiree months, paper, 241. 72.10; money, 24f. 70c. AUSTRIA. (rX OUR OWN aCORPnsePoNDxNrT.) VIENNA, Dsc. 27. The Emperor, at the recommendation of his official advise in general, and of the Minister of Finance in particular, has been pleasedto empower the Ohambers of Commerce and Trade of the city of Trieste to take the necesary steps for forming a joint-stock company under the name of the " Trieste Commercial Pank." The more steady men of businems in this city have a strongly pronounced dislike to provincial " Zettel-Banken,' (banks privileged to isue notea,) but Baron Bruok is of opinion that they are necessary to the development of commerce and trade, and it is therefore pro. bable that bach of the larger Austrian provinces will sooner or later have its own " Zettel-Bank." As the inhabitantsof theLombardo-Venetiankingdomwould aswilhingly consent to receive payment for goods or labour in cowries as n paper money, the Discount Bank recently established at Milan is not privileged to isue noteo. The capital of the Treste Commer oial Bank in to be 10,000,000fL (1,000,0001.), but It will be at liberty to commenc busines as soon as 10,000 shares at 500f have bean taken. The Commercial Bank will be licensed to discount bils of exchange, to lend money on security, to do the usual banking business, and to buy and sell Go. vernment and private stock for private individuals and companies. After the statutes of- the Commercial Bank have received the sanction of His Majesty, the establishment will be permitted to issue " Cassa-Anweisungen" (Treasury Bills), payable at fixed dates. The smallest sum for which a " Cassa-Anweisung" can be given is 100Qf. (101.), and the shortest date of such a bill or note is a fortnight. One-half of the notes in circulation must be " covered " by the stock of specie, " or by notes of the National Bank," and the otber half by bills payable in Trieste within 92 days. The concession is for 25 years. The " Zettel-Banken" are In wrorse odour than ever in Prussia, and even in Saxony they do not enjoy any great confidence. A Leipsic writer on political economy, who has just made a violent attack on the German " Zettel Banks," aserts that the capital of the majority of them Is fictitious, and the probability is that he speaks nothing but the truth. The loan of the 10,000,000 of marks banco to the city of Hamburg has given umbrage to the Prussian Government, as is to be seen in the columns of the Government organs of the Berlin press; but the Austrians have received the attacks made on them with indifference, and have left it to the Hamburg Senate to do battle with Baron von Manteuffel and the Zeit. The prevalent report that almost all the military men attached to the person of the Eimperor had endeavoured to persuade him not to consent to the removal of the bastions of Vienna is not correct. From the very beginning of the discussion respecting the enlargement of the city the principal military authorities were of opinion that the fortifications ought to be razed, but they strongly advised His Majestyto proceed cautiously. Verymanyyears must elapse before the gigantic plan, of which a summary was yesterday given, can be realized, and it appears to me that several valuable houses must be pulled down before some part of the walls csn be razed. Every foreign Minister who is nppointed to this Court finds it excesively difficult to procure suitable apaments, and it might therefore be weU ift the towers were to ine advantsge of such a favourable opportunity for acquiring ground on which to build "hotels" for their representatives. Prince Gortschakoff, when Minister here, was obliged to be content with a smul suite of rooms in the palace of Baron EskeUes, the banker; and Sir Hamilton Seymour would probably still be 'without a fixed residence if the Princess Clary had been able to bear the climate of Vienna. The question of the reduction of the Gendarmerle and armed police is not yet disposed of, but inforaition has been given me that General Baron Kempen, who is at once Chief of the Police and General-Inspector of the Gendarmerie, offers no objection to the proposed retrenchments. It must here be repeated that perfectly well-informed Hungariga, Croatiaxn, and Slavonians have often assured me that it would not be adviesble to dimini9h the pollce force either in Hungary or the Croatian-Slavonian kingdom. The persons alluded to, however, remark that it is a grievous error on the par of Government to send police agents to Hungary, Croatia, and Slavoni3, mstead of engaging natives of the country. The Gendarmes are picked men, but still they render little service in the above-mentioned coulatries, as in general they. are Ignorant of the lenguage, habits, and peculiarities of the people among whom they live. Grest discontent prevails in the Slavonlc provinces of Austria, and it is pected that some of their inhabitants are iu too intimate communication witlh their brethren in Turkey. Pandavism begins to raie itb head again, and Russia well knows why such is the ease. The day before yserdayLord Stterd and Sir Hamilton Seymour dined at Court, and the former had the honour of conducig the mpres from the Faloon to the drawing-room. In order that there' may be no violation 'of etiquette,'the gentlemen who are invited to dine at the Imperial tabla have a card put into their hands as they enter the drawing-room, oft which is vritten or printed the name of the ladles they are to "lead out." Ren7, the Ducrow of Berlin and Vienna, gave his first representation here yesterday evening; and the Emperor and Empress, with three of the Archdukes, drove out to the cicus to see the performances. We learn from Italy that the state of siege is maintained with extreme rigour at Carra. Imprisonment nnd corporal punishment are of everyday occurrence, and now and then political offenders are put to death. In A2neona things have been much quieter since the ringleaders of the gang of as8asinS have fallen into the hands of the authorities. The news of the death of ITkender Pasha, the well-known partisan of Omar Paha, as been officialy contradicted. The Porte hs either ratified or promised to ratify the convention recently ooncluded between the Riverain States. The Viennese are in perfect ignorance of what has been doing in the world during the last two days, as no papers have been published here since the morning of Christmas-day. Yesterday (St. Stephen's-day) was a holyday, and, as to-day is Sunday, no papers will appear until to-morrow evening. PRUSSTA. (mROM OUR OWN COnRESPOWDINT.) BERLIN, Dxc. 28. It will be in the recollection of your readers that the cityof Hamburg,before obtainingtherecent loan of 10,000,00) marks banco from the Austrian Government Bank, made unsuccessful attempts to obtain an advance from Prussia and Saxony. The circumstance that probably contributed most of all to produce the willingness on the part of the Austrian Bank to part with an article so much in demand everywhere as silver was the happy state in which that institution found itself at the time, of not being required to honour its notes with a correspondimng value in coin; while to the Government itself (and we are given to understand that the Emperor was among the foremost to suggest it) doubtless the opportunity of gaining some popularity in Germany presented considerable attraction-the more so as the two North German States were losing ground a little in popular feeling by their unwillingnes to come forward. It was probably with the amiable motive of spoiling the joy felt by the recipient of the loan and the pride felt by the lender, as well as of xetting itself right in the eyes of Germany, that the Prussian Government recently thought It desirable to publish a despatch forwarded by Baron von Manteuffel to Herr von Eamptz, the representative of Prussia at Hamburg, which contained an expose of the motives that had withheld the Prussian Government from granting the aid required. From the text of this despatch we learn the following facts, viewfs, anld motives. Herr Mohring, on the part of th6 Hamburz authorities, and accompanied by the Charg6 d'Affaire= of Hambug at Berlin, applied on December 4 to Baron 'von anteuffel for a loan of 3,000,000 thalers on the credit of the State of Hamburg and on the deposit of certain collateral securities. The other Ministers, on being consltedon thisapplication,were equally with the Minister President moved by the desire to assist a neighbouring andfrilendlyState..the more so, as they could not resist the conviction that anything which contributed to improve matters in Hamburg would act as a preservative against further evil consequences here. To grant the amount desired would, however, have seriously diminished the means in the power of the Bank to assist the eommercial circles of Prusia, whose wants would become more and more urgent should it turn out that the loan extended to Hamburg did not realize aU the good effects expected of it in meeting existing obligations and restoring confidence. The turning-point of the decision was therefore the question,-was it probable that this amount would sufflce to produce the desired result? The Prussian Ministers did not find themselves in a position to answer this. in the affirmative. The news that arrived herel from Hamburg, even before the negtiations were opened, was of a natura to tbow t this amount would not suffice, and during the negotiations the further news arrived that Hamburg was about to seek a loan of as much as 30,000,000 marks banco. The questions, therefore, arose-1, was the smaller sum demanded of Prussia to be borrowed In addition to the larger sum Iast named? '2, what probabillty'was there of the larger loan being made ? And, 3, if it were not, would the smaller loan made by Prussia attain the desired result? *IPbe representatives of Haamburg were not in a position to reply to these questions, and the news which reached here on the foUowing days rendered it difficult to se how they could be answered satisfactorily. The various measures proposed by different bodles in Hamburg,-as, for instance, the formation of a State Discount Fund, the proviaional imsue of bomn bearing interest, paper money as a.compulsory tender at its nominal value, prohibition of the export of silver, suspension of Art. 29 of tho German federal law relating to biUs of exchange, &c.,-served only to show that the crisis was still on the increase, and the amount demanded of Pruslsa insufflicient to stop it. The Prussian Government, therefore, was obliged to declare its inability to grant the assistance required; the state of things here caused by the continuation of the crisis at Hamburg made it more difficult than ever to part with the amount; the increasin g wants of the BerIln money-market made it necessary not to dissipate the pecuniary means at hand, and every day it became clearer that three million thalers would by no means s-uffice for the wants of Hamburg. This last view was corroborated at length by the, news from Hamburg, that a discount fund was about to be created with a capital of 15 millions mark banco, 10 millions of which were toooborrowed. Thedefinitive answer, tberefore, that was given to the representatives of Hamburg was, that the Prusian Bank was not In a position to grant the loan. The events of the week following that decision were of a nature only to show its great propriety. All theovarious Iaeasures adopted, even including the Austrian loan, had not sufficed to cure the evil. It was still found necessary to resort to unusual measures to prop up certain large houses. These events showed that a Prussian loan of 3,000,000 thalers would have been totally inadequate to meet the emergency; there was further ground for the apprehension that views were entertained in Hamburg which would prevent any assistance, however great, from, being effectual; and it was undeniably evident that various houses had embarked in speculations considerably beyond their means or the public requirements. Whatever may be the opinion of the world in general as to the cogency of these remarks, the good people of 'Hamburg have become extromely wrath at them-not so much at their being entertained, perhaps, as at their being published; moreover, the date of the despath weas the 12th inst., and it was published in the offcieux paper here on the 18th. The Hamburger BiirsenhaUa of December 21 has summed up the expressionr of Hamburg's dissatisfactionI at this despatch in an arucieo entitled " Die :flandels-rs- nd die Deutscheen Grossmn&te." It is said therein, with some justice, that it is quite a matter of course the Prussian Minister should communicate to the representative of Prussia the views that actuated the Govemment in this or that course, but not that he should publish it at once; he might, at any rate, have waited till his Government was attacked. To justify the course taken by his Government was o course free and open to him, but not to impugn the state of things in Hamburg, and least of all to pronounce depreciatingly on the measunrestakenbyHam'burg, with the assistance of other States, to restore confidence. If this despatch had done nothing else, it had dissipated the fond ilusion the Hamburgers were under, that Prussia had refused only because sbe could not spare so much silver. It is matter of regret to Hamburg that the Prussian Government should bave attached so much weight to a number of measurea that were " proposed" by various per- sons (newspaper writrs among the number), and not have confined its attention to the measure the benate (the governing body) resolved on; at any rate, if it was thought necessary to do this in the Ministerial deliberations, there might have been a due distinction made between these unofficial projects and the Government resolutions in a diplomatic dateh, tbat ws to be preserved in the archives of both countries. Again, as regards Baron won Manteuffl's critl!ism on the efficiency of the means taken n Haniburg to restore commercial credit, there in a great difference, says the Hamburg paper, between the remarks of a private individual or a journalist and hes trictures qf .a iiter of State, couched ia an official despatch, and published in the semi-official paper of the country; and, inasmuch as the chief evillay in the shock giventopubliccredit, such strictures had a natural tendency to increase that eviL As re2ards the efficiency of the assistance rendered, itis averred that certain lArge houees,* whose fall would have pulled down many others, are still paying their wray. flour far this may bel a thorough help the Efambiurger Btrsen,luile cannot say, not being initiated into the affirs of those houses, but presumnes that Baron von Manteuffel was also himse1f no better informed when he wrote that despatch. And, be all this as it may, however well it may comport for a Government that has lent a helping hand to express its disapprobation of this that, or the other, it does not come weU from a aovernment that has not. If the measures taken in Ramburg had in any way affected the interests of the foreign creditors, it would be competent for their Governments to make their disapprobation known; but when Haamburg advances money from her own State funds with the certainty of losing Pome of it, for the sake of Up. holding lamburgcredit and saving Germancommerce from the evil consequences of iHamburg failures, no other State has a right to cornplain, and Eambarg is entitled to resent unased-for tdvice and uncalled-for censure. If the loan of the 10,000,000 fails of its end, the State of Hamburg is responsible for any lo2s that may accrue; it will repay the 10,000,000 when due, and will nio doubt manlage to Ret over anly loss; but, if it succeeds, the merit,will be to be divided between the Government of Hamburg and that of Austria, "that mighty .State in the Confederation, whose large-hearted view of the state of affairs harmonizes with the position which-the history of past centuries has assigned it in GJermany and Europe." The over-cautious policy of the Prusan Government has in this matter not only, as on so many other occasions, missed an opportunity of makin a friend, but, by its over-anxiety to convince all the world how very wise and prudent it has been, has made itself not a few enemies. The reasons given in the despatch wiUl hardly be obnoxious to much mnfavourable criticism on the part of disinterested persons: it was evident that the 3,000,000 would not suffice, that more and more aid would be required, and all this mainly, for the purpose of enabling merchants who had over-speculated to hold over their goods instead of parting with them at lower prices than had hitherto reigned. It was no deficiency of silver in Hamburg that necessitated the loan, for the amount of silver in the coffers of the Bank and of private merchauts was known to be so large as to admit of their exporting it; but it was a want of confidence in the holders of that silver In the stability of the men who were clamouring for it that led them to withhold it. Furthermore, it may be observed that for the Austrian Bank to lend silver was only parting, on advantageous terms, with an article it could not use at home, while every million of silver lent by the Prussian Bank was a restriction on its circulation, not so much of the one million of silver, as of three millions of paper, the iissue of which must be based-on the specie in its coffers. Consistently with the self-protecting, timidly cautious course the Prussian Government took in the Eamburg matter, it has declned also to amsist the city of lubeck with a loan of 600,000 thalers ; the amount has, however, since been obtained without much difficulty from the wealthy money merchants of Hamburg. The Government has also refused on two occsions the importunate request of the corporate merchants of this place for a special and temporary modification of the bankrupt law with respect to houses In difficulties, but whose assets show a fair and reasonable chance of paying 20s. in the pound. The evident object of the Mlinister of Commerce is, not only to repress all over-speculation, but to compel all traders to keep not only within, but very far within, their real means, which, considering that the capital at the command of Prussian commerce is rather scuty, is by no means favourable to the rapid development of commerce and industry. A few days back the Bank of Prussia lowered its rate of discount for bills to 6 1-3d per cent., and of interest on loans to 7l per cent. SARDINIA. (FRaOM 0r OWb- CoRBSPOoDxNT.) TuRIN9, Dxa. 27. The murderous attack upon Count George Bremi;ati, of Bergaino, who was stabbed and otherwsvie severely injured when passing along the San Damiano at Milan, has caused great digust among the Liberals of the last-namned city. The Count has the reputation of being in too close connexion with the Austrian police authorities; but it is justly considered that his assination could only serve to cast discredit upon the party by a membsr of which it is naturally supposed to have been committed. The account which appeared in your columns of the paltry attempt at disturbance at Genoa on the 10th inst. has provoked indignation and misstatements in the Genoese Radical paper, Italia del Popolo, which declares that that oorrespondence from Genoa (it was from Turin) proceeded in reality frdm the Sardinian Legation in London. The paper inquestionisof course perfectly aware of the untruth of this assertion; but it is the organ of a faction which has never been remarkable for its adherenwe to veracity when departure from it would better serve its turn; and it Is naturally annoyed at the intimation that the feeble aud ridiculous demonstration of the 10th was rather to he attributed to foreign instigation than to patriotic feeling, as well as at the o inion expressed that it is not by a mad crusade agavnst Absolutism, but by steady progress and good example, that Piedmont may best contribute to the liberation of Italy. To-day that curious old journal, the Armonza, [ quoting its Mazzinian contemporary's translation of the correspondence, and implicitly accepting its statement as to its origin, reasons upon it, mnore suo, as if it wfere a manifesto of the Sardinian Governmtent. and calls upon its readers to note the new direction of the policy of the Cabinet with respect to Italy-its renunciation of the policy of invasion of other Italian States. Zealous in defence of its AusItrian friends, the Armosiia then demands proofs in support of the belief expressed that they were neither displeaNsed at nor altogether alien to the attempt referred to. Nobody k;nows better than the priestly patrons anld writers of the As-monfia that there are many things exceedingly well known of which it may not be advisable or even possible to adduce proofs. Of this nature are a few things done by the Ultramontane party at the last elections. You would not, however, consider me justified in intruding upon your space to discuss seriously or at length any statements or argumnents brought forward by this most comical of Turinese periodicals. In Turin, as nsually in London, there is very little stirring at Christmas times in the way of news or matters of political interest. The Chamber of Deputies makes holyday, the pressalso gives itself some repose, the winter opera-hou3ses have just opened, and people generally seem much more intent upon feasting and diverting themselves than upon calculating the probabilities of the session or the chances of Ministerial changes. The streets are fall of holyday-makers, proSiting by what are perhare the last fine days we may for sometime enjoy; for January will doubtless bring uls storm and snow, from which we nave heen remarkably free during December. What we have here this wnter in perfection is fog. In that respect we can almost rival London, except that Turn fogs are of a whiter, more watery nature than the orangetinted mists that ascend on the banks of the Thames, and shroud the monster capital, to the great satisfaction of pickpockets and iinkboys. Here, thanks to the proximity of the Po and other streams, the city at this season is often a cold vapour bath. The principal characteriAtic of the atmosphere ts mist, softening the sharp outlines of the rectangular streets,and broken,where thesecros, by lateral slants of sunbeams, cheering the otherwise rather gloomy aspect of the sub-Alpine capital. In the evemngs the fog usually thickens, and one sometimes cannot see from one block of houses to another, Ior decide with certainty on what pases at 20, paces to his front. But for this the Tuirinese care little, for of evenings have they not their theatres, to which they flock with an eagerness tbat never slackens? Four opera-houses, halfa-dozen theatreswbere tragedy or comedy are given, and sundry smaller place of dramatic entertainment, nightly find abundant occupants, and even xeject applicants for admin. This, in a capital of 150,000 souls I True, that the prices of admus. slon are generally low, and ocsionally a manager goes to the wall; true, also, that the mise en scJne and general getting-up of the pieces are by no means uniformly good; but such is the rage for theatres that if there were none but very bad ones these would be crowded. OccasipniDy, however, politiCs may interfere with theatrical succeus; a first wight's audience may be chilled by a Minister's unpopularity, and bouquets, and plaudit may be withheld as an indication of dissatisfaction with a public man. Of this there was an example at the opening of the Regio (the Theatre Royal) on Christmas night. The Minister of the Interior having a good deal to say to this theatre, and having exerted himself to get it opened In spite of certain difficulties, to this fact is attributed the coldness of the spectators and the unsatisfactory reception of the first perform. ance. Such, at least, is, the on dit, and in reality Signor Rattazzi has managed to get so out of favour with the public that it is to be feared nothing he could do would obtain their approbation. The Piedmonte,e seem to have taken him completely en grippe. THE EARTHQUAKE AT NAPLES. (PROX OUR OWN COa?ESPONDsT12.) NAPLES, Dwc. 22. The reports which have been received of the damages occasioned by the earthpuake since I wrote are of the most alarming and disastrous character. I lshall for the present confine myself to the details given by the official journal. Tke private information-under the circunmtances, perhaps, approach. ing nearer the truth-reports the disarters to be far gieater. At Bari the two awful shocks on the night of the 16th had crushed the barracks of Gensdarmes and filled the people with terror, who passed the night in the open air. At Ricigliano, a commune of Campagna, ten houses had fallen, five or six persons had been dug out of the ruins, and two persons had been killed. In Caposelie and Senerchia a man and a child had their legs broken in attempting to escape. In many other communers houses and - churches had been split, and the cupola of the church of St. Gregory had fallen in. On Saturday morning two shocks had been felt at 6 and 10 o'clock a.m., and staircases had fallen, while many of the houses had fissures in them. Potenza, the capital of Basilicata, however, and the neighbourhood seem to have suffered more than any other part. The shocks there were continuous, and nota inglehouseremain which is habitable. Now Potenza possesses a population of upwards of 12,000 souls. The Palace of the Prefecture, the military and civil hospital, the barracks of Gendarmes and of the Reserve, the College of Jesuits, the churches, and especially the cathedral, are aU rendered useless, and " no one can without danger cross his own doorway." They were continuing to disinter the numerous victims, the number of whom was unknown. The whole population, who had been in the open air, were beginning to take shelter in wooden barracks erected for the purpose. From other parts of the province very afflicting news had arrived. Tito (a township of near 10,000 souls, near Potenza), Marsico Nuovo, Laurenzana, and Brienza were almost entirely destroyed. Two-thirds of Vignola had perished. Immense are the disasters in Viggiano, Calvello, Anzi, and Abriola ; and more than immense is the terror and desolation of the inhabitants. The pen falls horror-struck from one's hand, so says the Government re)porter. With regard to Naples, several lighter shocks had occured after the severe ones of Wednesday night; but on Saturday, at 5 and half-past 6 o'clock p.m., others were felt, which in eome parts raised the fearful cry of "cEarthquake..l Earthquake !".. and again a great number of persons rushed into the streets. The movement appeared to be almost vertical, as the ground swelled bepeath my feet, and the table rose and fell. The same scenes might hava been witnessed as those I described in my last, asnd again, for the fourth night, many people spent the nieht in 'their carriages in the open squar". On Sitinday morning, at 10 o'clock; another shock was felt, slight indeed, but sufficient to alarm and to lead to the idea almost that the earth was in a continual state of vibration. The Government has sent asistance in ',eds, medicine, lint, food, nurses, and wood for barracks to the site of .the disasters, as also engineers to see what can be done to repair and restore. I have been told, however, that one or two of the intendants have come up to say that the orders of the Government to throw open the communal treasuries cannot be obeyed, as in many instance3 no cash remained; the drain has been too great for otherpurposes. I shall give later in my letter any further reports which may arrive. I mentioned a short time since that General Sabbatelli had gone through the course of the Puglia Railway, as Royal commissioner, to enforce the payment of arrears on shares, and to encourage fresh -subscriptions. His success is said to have been very considerable. Fresh information from the scene of the recent disasters has just arrived. I give it. as official, premising by saying that according to general belief the actual amount of destruction has been much greater. The ruinous violence of the recent earthquake appears to have been limited to the two provinces of the Principato Suteriore and Basllicata. Up to the 18th 19 bodies had been dug up in Potenza, and more were being sought for; 300 had been dug out of Polla. Monteftico, the corporal of gendarmerie, was taken out alive; so also was the Judge of Saponara, but his wife and two children perished beneath the runs, from which he was dragged smashed and crippled. Lagonegro, on the same night, experienced three shocks in seven hours. None of the inhabitants perished, but almost all the buildings, as well public as private, were cracked, and three are falling, among which are the church of the Capuchins and the electric station. The shocks continued up to yesterday at this point, though they were alight. The entire popula,tion were living in barracks hastily erected in the middle of a great plain. In the commune of Carboni 21 have perished and 19 have been wounded, not to speak of the damage done to the buildings. In Castelsano, which is nearly levelled with the ground, 400 persons have perished. The same misfortune has happened to Sarconi, where 30 persons have been killed. The other communes of the distrlct of Lagonegro which have suffered damage in the houses generally, and particularly in the churches, and from which no returns of the dead have been made, are, Maratea, Lauria, Castelluccio, Rotonda, Vigianello, Sant' Arcangelo, Calvera, San Martino,Castro Nuovo, and Senise. From the remaining communes of the district no intelligence had as yet been received. It is impossible, therefore, to calculate the number of the dead. The popular voice makes it amount to many thousands. I have heard as many as 15,000, even 22,000, stated. It is very clear that, according to official information, several thousands must have perished. Commisslons have been formed in all the suffering localities for the relief of the suffering. Government has sent down fresh supplies of beds, linen,and wood for the construction of barrasks. Telegraphic communication had been re-established as far as was possible. Nurses, Sisters of Charity, and priests had also been sent down, and everything was being done for the comfort of the many thousands who, not only from fear, but from necessity, are now encamped in the open air. Persons who have fled from the awful scenes and have arrived in the capital give yet more heartrending details, but the official journal evidentUy fears the effect of them upon the public mind. No sooner was the shock of last Saturday felt than a horde of thieves and assassins rushed towards the Toledo, but the gensdarmes soon put them down with their drawn swords. All is now quiet, and the weather, which has at last taken a tur, inspires people with more hope and courage; still shocks are not unfrequent, and twice since I began this letter have I felt them. It is a feature In the state of things not to be omitted in this painful narrative that the lottery offices all last week were placarded with favourite combinations of figures, and that the people rushed eagerly to play. Again, another phase of the national mind was exhibited in the superstitious agony with which all called upon the Saints for protection, and, above all, in the reported miracle by their favourite I protector, St. Januarius. His blood is said to have boiled, to have been examined by the authorities, and a procesion was thereupon formed, in which an image was carrled; so I have been told this morning. The Five per Cents. were done at 114g. Exchange on London, 562. - Thix letter must not leave without my adhing that ini these painful circumstanese the Governmesit has acted with considerable promptitude in relieving the sufferings of the unfortunat people, and It is generally understood that by fAr tIhe geer part of the meney advanced by Austria hA, aocordtng to the stipulations made ix Vienna, been advanoed by the oos of Merok and Co., the Aumtrian uonl-GeheraL with equal prompitude and moderationinpreserving public order. I m DEasMasa 23. I had no sooner finished my letter of yesterday than many were alarined by another shock of an earthquake. " Reina," says a resident, " is i" cont*nual state of vibratio,n, and so will be te whole country probably for some time to come," Some families have left Naples iu conmequence, and others have been resolving to doso ; bit such a step appears to me to be one of great folly, for on the principle that a road is never so safe as after a robbery so Naples is now doubly assured. This city, too, has never within record suffered any great disasters. from earthquakes, though they have desolated the neighbourhood. Vesuvius is doubtless a great protection to us. On the night of the earthquake, and ubortly after, a large openin3 wasnxade at the bottom of the cone, and a great quantity of smoke and stones were ejected; ever since it hae been unusually active. I hasten to send you the report which the Government published last night of intelligence from the scene of rnin. It justifies all that I have said of the indiBposition of the Govermment to teU the wbhole truth, and as to the probability of private reports being true. "The mind," says the offlcial writer, "shudders to conteraplate the details-they surpa#ss beyond measure what has already been published." In Polla alone 2,000 victims had been disintertea, and they were still at work, Pertosa, Ateesa, Auletta, entirely destroyed, suffered next after Polla. Then Padula and St. Pietro, and afterwards Sala, Diano, Sassano, Montesanto, S. Arsenio, and Sapri. In all these place the number of dead asyt brought to light is 2,600! The official joulnal cannot and will not enter into details, bat mentions Melfi. Barile, Avella, Venoss, in the Bainlicata, where hotses and churches were thrown down and people killed and wounded. The same of VaUo, Matera, Majori, and Tramonti, in Principato Citeriore. Intelligence had been received from the province of Bari, but not givea. Canotsa suffered deplorable disasterr, but they are not narrated. InPrincipato IJlteriore houses wrea thrown down and.- people wounded. Abruzzo Ulteteriore Secundo suifered less; the same may be said of Capitanata, Molise, and the three Calabrias. I believe the disaster is vastly greater than we have any ideaof; but take onlythe admissions of the "official journal," and yet how awful I It was on Sunday last that the reputed miracle in the blood of St. Januarius took place, and that the procesdion walkedt The indictment has not yet been presented to the prisoners at Salerno. Their trial cannot commence until towards the end of January-that is to say, till about the commencement of the eighth month of their confinement. I hear that after the earthquake Parkes, whose health has suffered much, hal another of his nervous attacks; and no wonder, if true, for reports brought since I began thie letter make the number of the buried dead amount to 13,000. Such are the calculations made in the city from the reports of those who have arrived from the scenes of suffering. SPAIN. The contents of the Madrid journals of the 25th are not of political importance. The Ministers of Finance, Public Works, and the Interior were taking mesaures for rendering bread and other articles of general necessity cheaper. Monsignor Claret, the Queen?s confessor, had declined to accept the Archbishopric of Caba, to which he was nomiaisted some tine ago, but is to be made an Archbishop in partibus. The members of the Narvaez Cabinet had, says the Epoca, held a meeting to oome to au understanding on the explanations to be given to the Cortes relative to their fallfrom power. A new bank, called the Bank of Commerce and Manufac. tures, ws about to be established. An advance had taken place in public securities, and, on account of the favourable news from abroad, it was thought likely to continue. Notwithstanding the crisis prevailing in several countries, no bank in Madrid had increased its rate of discount. A French journal, to be called the Cosmepolpe, was about to be established at Barcelona. A letter says:- * "It appears certain that tbe Spanish Govemment will consider the mediation of England and Frano. in the Mexican affair as broken off, it Mexioo does not acept all it oonditions. In consequenoe of this resolbtion prepartions are being actively mnade both in Spanish pors and in Cuba for an expedition against Merieo."
THE LEYIA'HA{. TO TEI EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. " DLOC)Dlus ezt prido poasezior die, Sir,-A recnt letter in your columns informed us that the pedestal of Peter the Great's statue, weighing, I believe, 1,200 tom', was easily transported to St Petersburg by division and distribution of the motive power. It may interest some of rour readers to know that a slmilar method was employed nearly 4,000 yea ago in moving thosm gigactic mases wbhiAh astonish the tourist in Egypt. The weight of the monolithic temple of Latona, which, according to Herodetus, was carriecd from Elephantine to Bnto in the Delta, Is oomputed at from 5,000 to 6,000 tons. This may appear somewhat apochryphal, but every Nile voyager knows the vast sitting statue of Rameses IL in the hlemnonlum at Thebes, a single block of close grained syeulte upwards of 60 feet high, and weighing more than 887 tons which was brought, about B.C 1350, from the granite quarries of Assouan a distance of nearly 130 miles, and must have been moved across a considerable interval (making every allowance for the inundation) between the quary and the river, and again from the river over alluvial soll to the Temple. A painting in a tomb near the village of Dayr-e*NAkl, disoered by Irby and Mangles, shows how it was done. The painting, which I saw this year in a very injured state, in consequence of the fall of a portion of the roof, represents a sitting figure, about 24 feet high, fixed on a wooden sledge wlth skaltashaped wooden runners, and dragged by four rows o! men (43 in eaoh) pulUing at ropes attached to the front of the sledge, apparently along a plank road. At the feet of the statue a figure leans over and pours from a vase abundance of grease on the ways, and on its knees stands another beating time with his hands to make all pul to, gether. This tomb is of the date of Osirtasen IL, about 1650 D.C. The distribution of force is still better illUms. trted in the columns at Fateereh, described by Sir G. Wlinson, 60 feet long and 8 feet in diameter, with a sort of truimions worked in the stone along the greater part of their length, to each of which would be fastened its sepirato roith simple manual force wel distributed, and upon wood sliding over wood well lubricated-in preference to rellers, which also they understood-this people, sometimes caled barbarous, succeeded in moving weights over dis. tances which might even embarrass our age of inventions." I am. Sir. vour obedisnt a -vantf S.C. Sidmouth, Dec. 24, 18:57. T17 - _
ExCAvATIoNs AT Osr..-The works now going on at the ancient port of Rome, at the expense of the Papal Government, has recently brought many interesting relies to light. The removal of the ground is in progress at two difJrent points-one where the gate of the town rises in sight of modern Ostia, and the other at a short distance from the Torre Bovaccisna. The former site contains the remains of houses rebuilt after the destraction of the town by the bar. barians, and the walls therefore contain numerons fragments of old edifioes, with inscriptions, marble ornaments. and basreliefs, utonsils made of bronze, ivory, or clsy, &c. H.ro the contlnuation of the great leaden oonduit, bearig the Insoription " Colonorum Colonie Ostlensis," hs been fourd. On the otber site an ample and elegant edifioe, alnost In perfect preservation, has been laid open. One of the rooc.x is incrusted with some rare kinds of alabaster; its pavemeLt Is in mosaic, executed in stone and enamel, representing flowers and other delicate ornaments. The colours are still perfectly brillant. In another room there is a Cupid ridine on a dolphin in black and white mosaic, andlnath{rd there are the figures of five athletes of the sile of nature, one of whom is in the act of putting on the crown of victory, all executad In white and black mosaic. TUE VALuE OF A BORE.-I bave no objection whatever to being a bore. Uy experience of the world has shown me that, upon the whole, a bore gets on much better In it, and is much more respected and permanently popular than what is called a clever man. A few restless people, with an un-English apietite for perpetual variety, have combined to set up the bore es a species of bugbear to frighten themselves, and have rashly imagined that the large majority of their feUow-creatusa could see clearly enough to look at the formidable creatura with their eyes sever did any small minority make any greater mistalke as to the real extent of Its influence! English society has a placid enjoyment In being bored. If any man tenll me that this is a paradox, I, in return, defy him to account, on anyother theory, for three-fourths of the so-called recreations which are acoept-d as at once nseful and amusing by the British nation Why are people always ready to give and togotopartiest? Why do they throng to oertin lectures and to certain plays? What takes them to public meetings and to the Strangers' Galleryiin the House of Commons? Why are the debates reported in full In the newspapers ? Why are people on certain social occasions always ready to leave off talking together for the salke of making speeches and listening to them? Why is it that the ! few critics always discover the dulnese of heavy books, and that the mcany readers mever seemn to be able to find it out? iWhat, in short, to put the whole question Into one senteknce, s the eeret of the notoniety and sneceas of half tho public men and half the pubBa, axud private entertainmeuta an tbis COtm ? I answer, At steady indwIung dems* ob Bcredot~; firemly-settled, lohvgstablisbed, wiely. accepted Boredom. I,t. vo yeng maw, withe a - to Pttlng oD is thme world, ishly &Rhea the B .or; 1m tbe only iadlvidal in this sountry who Is sure of hlE poDstioUn 'n.t anh wsit his "bliL-Diien"tts H ioBw1R
THE STATE OF CALIFOBNi,t. _ (FPtRo( O1R OWN (IORRESPONSN I. ) SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19. The disastrous state of m.n tary affeors in thei ktlantic States has happily produced n a bad ifects tn California. Beyond the fact that the une *rtainty caueed by the first newis had the etliect of depressiug mercantile business and of tightening the moneymarket during the fortnight, the disasters of other -States merely formed exciting topics of cmnversation with us. There are causes peculiar t,) ourselves and to our position which remaove us from the evils which our sister States are now Buffering. - Since the numerous bank failures of 1855, and of some of the more extensive money and real estate agents subsequently, the great body of the industrious classes have not trusted their savings to batks for safe keepiDg nor to agents to inve*t at initerest. Mechanics, labourers, and other money-earning people, who, with the very bigh rate of wages, are fast becoming rich, have invested rather in land, buildings, homesteads, and city improvements of a permanent nature, depending upoin ren,ts, however reduced, for a return upon their capital; while the miners, from universal local testimony, have been investing in canals which supply water to their localities for mining purposes, or burying their gold in the earth under their cabins for safe keeping, to an extent that induces the belief that there is an imnmense amount of treasure hid awray in the mines. These are the two great classes of this country-the most independent from their acs cumulations of capital, and the last, in their peculiar circumstances, to be affe~cted by the vicissitudes of commerce. It would not be a paradox to say that the position of the labouring man is reversed in this country. In old countries he is a drug. Elere he is a treasure, and is prized, not according to his worth, but according to the necessities of employers. Add to the favourable cc,, lition of these classes the fact that the jobbers of San Francisco have not of late ventured much upon speculative operations in merchandise, owing, in a great measure, to the increase of capital in the mincs enabling the interior dealers to buy direct from first hands for cash, and to the contraction of the credit system by the commission merchants; that this year's crop of cereals has been abundant, of good quality, and is realizing remunerative prices; that the Atlantic States are not indebted to us-on the contrary, that they are at all times our creditors, and cannot press us for payment; that we are in no way interested in their financial system; and, last, but not least, that ours is a specie currency, and it is clear that we cannot suffer from the causes which have operated so much to the prejudice of the other American commnu- nities. Our law prohibits the use of a paper currency, and I thinka very wisely, for, with our speculative pro'pensities, the uncertain tenure of a paper cur- rency would lead to such an extension of the credit system and to so much fraud as could not fail to involve us in monetary difficulties. A metallic currency tends unquestionably to limit mercantile and other legitimate operations of business, but to us it has merits wvhich counterbalance this disadvartage. It bears ite intrinsic value at all times and in all places, and is an ever ready, real, and secure medium of exchange-always current, never subject to collapse-and we have become so habituated to its use and so satisfied of its security that all men of property desire to retain it. Some months back all the broken-down adventurers in the country, who have nothing to lose, and to whom " shin-plasters" would be better than no money, were eloquent in their appeals to the "szovereign people" for a revision of the constitution, to enable the Legislature to charter banks on the New York and other approved plans; but all prudent men who had any property to jeopardize and the miners scouted the idea, and the attempt to get up "an excitemuent" for it failed signally.a The receipt of the first news, a fortnight ago, of the panic in New York caused the suspension of one banking (Sather and Church) and of one mercantile firm, asJ stated in my last letter. Messrs. Sather and Church have made most strenuous and praiseworthy efforts to meet all their engagements, and have, in fact, redeemed all their local paper, but the return of their draughts protested from the Atlantic States will compel them to succtimb, a misfortune which causes mnch regret in this community. They stood the crash of 1855 and have always conducted their business with prudence, economy, and integrity. They limited their operations to legitimate banking transactions, and now, without any fault of their own, fall victims to the insolvency of their hEastern connexions, and to the depression in the New York market of the California produce (chieofy hides) upon which they had advanced money. No other houses have suspended, and none whose business is connected with the Atlantic States is suspected of any weakness induced by the Eastern monetary panic. Indeed so little was the mercantile community affected by the panic, andso wel able was it to meet its engagements, thatthe last remittance of gold was larger tha ulsual, It amounted to $2,147.274, being nearly half a-million dollars in excess of the previous shipment. This excess was partly owing to some persons who had remittances to maake in the ordinary course of business, irrespective of the scarcity of money ia New York, &c., having sent gold rather than incur the risk of sending bills, which might be dishonoured, and partly also in response to the calls for aid from their correspondents in their emergency. The same causes are operating to increase the remittance of to-morrow morning, which wil no doubt be equal in amount to the last. Oar export of gold is gradually but surely decreasing, owing to the decrease of the import of articles of consumnption, which are now supplied in consider-able quantity and variety, as I lately stated iu some detail, from the growth and manufacture of the country. Exchange on England has remained without variation, but the scarcity of specie and the suspension of its payment by the banks in New York and elsewhere have caused Atlantic exchange to rise W to 1 per cent. on such bills as are made payable in specie. Thus, short draughts on New York are at the usual rate of 3 per cent. premium, if taken payable in currency; but if made payable in specie they are worth 3i to 4 per cent. premium. The demand is limited. All the American bankers and merchants who usually draw on New York and otber cities have declined to sell exchange for this mal1, except one house. This is a very necessary precaution, and leads to no great inconvenience, as the abundance of gold in the market will enable all who would buy exchange to any amount to ship ! bars. The receIpt of gold from the interior has been very large during the last two weeks. The largest amount that ever was conveyed at any one time by the Express Company (the chief gold carrier) arrived In San Francisco last night. Gold coin has been very scarce of late, owing to a drain for the interior and for exportation, and to the suspension of the operations of the mint in San F7rancisco, which has not been coining of late. It w-resumes work in a few days, however. Gold bars are in demand for to-morrow's remittance at 880, i per cent. discount, and the supply is not large, as a considerable quantity of gold was bought up last week on speculation below the usual ruling price. We are continually receiving silver coin and bars from Mexico, both for sale and en route for China. The mail steamer now calls at Manzanifla, on the coast of Mexico, on her way up, on purpose to receive such freight. The last boat brought $121,500 in coin, and last week $27,374 75c. in bars arrived, neither of which has been all sold as yet, but the demand is always active, and no doubt both will soon find a market-the dollars at 15 per cent. premium and the bars at 10I to 11. Owing to the bankers having restricted their accommodations of late money has been in more than usual demand to meet to-morrow's remittances, and short loans are making at 2i and 3 per cent. a month, secured on good collaterals. As I stated at the beginning of this letter business has been dull for the last two weeks, but with the reduced stocks of goods in the interior, and the good prospects of the miners, a reaction may be expected without delav. In the present state-of the monetary affairs of the United States and of Europe also, the continuance of the supply of gold is a serious question. A great deal of nonsense has been said and written upon this ,subject by persons who know nothing of it. The .exhaustion of the gold of Californis is a chimera. No one who ham been much in the mining country entertains it. * web find te WA b edUd nof xiv.eru the. bowels of hills and mountains, the slopes and bottoms of ravines, the beds of former rivers long dry, deep valleys and elevated plainm all impregnated with gold, in many situations strata under strata to a depth of hundreds of feet yielding it,-when we see miles upon miles of rocks which contain it and placers in numerable which produce it, why should we fear that gold would soon give out ? It will neither give out nor become too abundant for generations yet to come. The great surface of conntry over which it is dispersed and its vast quantity wil prevent the flist, and tba great labour necessary to its extraction wiU preclude the second resllt. There is certainly no danger of its production falling off with 17s for I this winter at any rate, for from my own observation in a recent trip to the Northern mines I am convinced that with the advent of sufficient rain, now anxiously looked for-with the speedy completion of the many canals now in progress throughout the m ining region to supply water from the rivers, and to distribute it among the best diggings, and, with the resumption of work by innumerable bodies of miners now idle, taken together with the increase which the overland immigration is bringing to the labonring population of the State, there is every prospect that the yield this winter will be very large. The late rains have so swollen the rivers that the miners have been obliged to abandon them for the season and to betake themselves for the winter to the Placer and Tunnel diggings. The annual report of the Sacramento VaUey Railroad-the only railway in the State-has just been published. This is a single line running from Sacramento on a dead level to Folsom, a mining town, distant about 30 miles. The total number of passengers carried was 82,552. There have been but few accidents, and no lives lost, except of the brute creation, of which 12 were killed by straying on to the line from the neighbouring pastures. "The receipts were for the year $177,842 l1c.; expenses, $86,503 48c. ; net earnings, $91,338 63c, of which $55,000 went to pay officers and men for services, leaving a balance of $36,338 63c. above the actual expenses, interest excepted." The merchandise transported up was 12,229 tons; down, 12,219 tons, chiefly composed of wood, granite for building, and cobble stones for paving. A local reviewer remark-s that the affairs of this railroad " continue to give encouragement to the friends of similar enterprises in California." This I much doubt, for the fact is that the company had to borrow money to complete the work and all the net earnings go to pay the interest, so that the shareholders get no dividend, and I don't suppose they ever wilt California is not yet ripe for railroadrs. She can neither build them herself nor pay dividends to foreigners if they should be obliging enough to build them forher. The people of Oregon have passed a constitution with the view of passing from her present position of a territory to the more important one of a State. Slavery is rejected, and the exclusion of free negroes enacted. From Salt Lake the news is very warlike. The Mormons threaten a strenuous resistance to the United States' forces. They are carrying matters with a high hand, and have passed measures which, if they can maintain them, will make them an independent Republic. From a private letter from Salt Lake City lI earn that the United States' troops, 1,500 in number, had arrived within 25 miles of the place, and that finding themselves too weak to make an impression upon the Mlormons, they had encamped and gonm iiino winter quarters to wait for reinforcements. This is not stated in the papers; but, on the contrary, they publish the position of the troops as many days' march from the city, and that if they approach they will be destroyed. My informant says otherwise; that the policy of Young is to keep on the defensive, and only to repel an attack; that no communication is had with the soldiers; no provisions furnished to them, and that they must subsist upon the sup. plies which they carried along with them; that nearly all the ablebodied men are under arms, and that all the inhabitants have been made to contribute to the defence of the place; that the city is strongly fortified, and that there are manufactories on the spot for makiDg cannon, rifles, muskets, powder, shot, and all the matrieZ and munitions of war. Our dates are October the 2d and 5th from Salt Lake City. The French frigate Perseverante, bearing the pennant of Rear-Admiral Lugeol, commander of the squadron in the Pacific, Captain Coupvent des Bois, has been here for the last fortnight. The Perseverante is from Tahiti, having touched on her way at the Marquesas and Sandwich Islands. She remains bere till after the arrival of the next mell from Europe, when she expects to sail for the coast of Mexico, Central America, Callao, and Valparaiso. She ia a very fine vessel of 60 guns, with a smart, well-trained crew of 560 men. The officers have gained " golden opinions" by their extreme civility and politeness in showing their ship and all sbe contains to the natives of these parts, who in return gave them a ball on shore.
THE CROOWN JvWELS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As you have before honoured me by Inserting my letters in your valuable journal, I venture to again address you on a paragraph I notice in your paper of the 23d with reference to our crown jewels. I see that the paragraph In question Is extraoted from the Globe ; but, as, Sir, we look to you to give publicity for us to anything that seems unjust, to you I address myself. Can what is there stated, Sir, be true, which, if so, should raise a feeling of anger in all loyal minds, that we are about. to relinquish " the crown and regalia so jealously guarded in the Tower of London almost bodily" to a grasping German Power? Has not Germany received enough of our blood and treasure with we all know what return, and must now a quibble of the law give up what Is a part of the nation's Supposing even George I. did bring over a few jewels, no orne can deny lie and his family werethe gainers, and if such ground of Claim is allowed, surely Austria on the accession of the Bourbons might have taken the Spanish regalia or Denmark those of Sweden. As regards the purchases of George III. from his privy purse, who found that privy purse to almost any amount e desired and more than once paid debts for his son of fourfold the value of the jewels the father purchased? But putting aside these Hanoverian jewels (as for distinction I wi call them), I can, I believe, remember a large stone in our Crown worn by the Black Prinoe at Poictiers, aud other stones connected with the most glorious and chivalrous parts of our history. Are these to be also given up? We sbould, I think, regard our Crown jewels as utterly unalienable, and as much a part of our country as its land, and if any right is claimed by Hanover it should resolve itself into a mere money question, where Parliament and the nation would gladly strengthen the Ministers' hands, and whereour pride and feehings would not be touched. Trusting you will insert this letter, though the subject may he handled insufficiently, and by taking some notice of it prevent our not finding out our national relies are in perIl till they are gone past recovery, I am, Sir, your ebedient servant F. D. H. .t ne vaRiancw, vec. :pj.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TtMEBS. Sir,-I shall be greatly indebted to " Mononymous" if he can inform me how he reconeiles the fact that X0wv is feminine in Liddell and Scott with his own declaration in Thc Times of the 26th that the Greek for " black earth" is psXae xOwv. No doubt, it is after long and painful re. search that " Mononymous" has arrived at the conclasion that these lexicographers, with the more obscure classes, as j.Eschylus, Thucydides, &c., are in error, and that xOwv is mascuine. f Would he kindly publish the grounds for this concluston ? Otherwise, we shaU he liable to fall into the erroneous idea that while pulling a mote out of a brother's eye he has neglected the beam that WaS in his own. Your insertion of the above willl oblige, ANONYMOnTJ Coughton, Dec. 29. li"h - ,uD,wr J reler TO Is tnat iwhilicl " Mononymous" enlightened ns about the origin and meaning of the name Melancthon, in which he said "Melancthon is Greek for black earth-puAag xOowv !"
THE WAi COMMSSIONERS AND SU?IDERLAND Door-The longpending dispute between the direotors and shareholders of the Sunderland Dock and the Commis. sioners of the river Wear, with regard to the latter body eharging the usual river dues upon vessels leaving the dock by the sea outlet, without any compensation to the dock proprietors, has been amicably settled by those bodies. The following terms, to be ratified by Parliament, have been agreed to:-" So long as there shall be not less than seven feet water at low water of ordinary spring tides from the outer dock gates of the southern outlet into the sea into deep water the commissioners to pay to the dock company the annual sum of 2,0004, subject to the following graduated rise and fall :-If shipments of coal in any year exceed 900,000 chaldrons, an additional Id. per chaldron to be paid on such excess, but never to rise above the total sum of 3,0001. And in case shipments fall below 900,O0Ochaldrons, Id. per chaldron to be deducted from the 2,0001. per annum. And if the shipments fall below 600,000 chaldrons, then all payments to cease. The dock company to allow ships aot Oadingor unlading In the dock to pss from the river throughn the southern ontls t on payment of the same tolls as ships loading In the dock, not exceeding in aDy cae 4d. per registered ton, vessels passing inwards with or without cargo, and '^3tenrwads returning through the dock, being only chre cove
INDIAN HOME GOVERNMgNT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-One of the first questions that will arise on Lord Palmerstones vise determination to abolish the government of the East India Company is, what shall be the mode of imnparting Indian knowledge and of imposing something of a check upon the inexperience and possible ignorance of a Minister for ndia? It is no disparagemeent to Mr. Vernon Smith to assert that when he assumed the presidency of the Board of Control 99 educated men out of 100 knew as much of India as he did. The same might be stated of most of his predecessors, and will probably be predicable of most of those who succeed him. Utnder ourParliamentary system it is not fitness for the particular offlce which places a Cabinet Minister at the head of a department, but position in the party, a sure seat in Parliament, aristocratic connexion, and faculty, tale quale, of public speaking. It is therefore necessary to supply local knowledge and acquaintance with the traditions of office by the establishment of permanent officers, who, under the names of under-secretaries, chief clerks, &c., take a great though unseen part in driving the State coach, and who, be it said in a whisper, have a professed contempt for all Parliamentary oratory and Parliamentary interference. NTow, if an establishment like that of the Colonialoffice, for example, be attached to the Secretary for India, and men such as Sir James Melvil], Mr. John Stuart Mil, and Sir George Russell Clerkbe appointed to the principal posts, it cannot be denied that a mass of information and traditionary knowledge on al Indin subjects wil he within the reaoh of the Minister, sufficient for all practical purposes. But there seem to be many substanttial reasons why the course often suggested of a Cotncil forlundia subordinate to the Minister for all purposes of action, but wibh sufficient independence to assert their own opinions, would be preferable. The object to be attained, be it remembered, is to supply information to the Minister, and to check hastiness and self-sufficiency. Clerks in a Government office may fitly perform the first duty, but they seem by no means competent to the second. They are essentially the servants of the Minister, and it is their duty to do what they are told, being under no obligation whatever to tender advice unasked. But a Council for India composed of men of the highest station and reputation who could be found to accept the office, who should hold their posta for a certain fixed period Bo as to render them independent of the Minister of the day, and on whora the duty should be imposed of recording their opinions when they differed from their chief, would present all the advantages which the advocates of the Court of Directors claim for that body, without any of the attendant evils which characterize the cumbrous machineryof Leadenhall street. Iimply, of course, that the Indian Minister is to be solely re3ponsible, and the Council must he consultative only. It may further be conceded that matters such as are now wholly excluded from the consideration of the Court of Directors-like peace and war-must be left entirely to the Cabinet, and that no divided responsibility of any kind must exist to shield a Ministry on any great question of policy. But it is in the every-day questions of comparatively small importance which arise under an Indian Government that the uses of a Council for India will be seen. It is too generally admitted to need argument that the government of India must be despotic, and that it must be administered mainly on the spot. But the public opinion of England requires thatthat despotism shall come under its careful supervision, and that it shall be checked wherever it sins against the plain Tlules of justice and expediency. Now, it is obviou, that in so wide a realm, where power, almost-nnllmuited, is necessarily attributed to local administrators, that many cases of injustice must oc,cur which need the remedisl hand of the Home Government. Hence it will be found that most of the business which comes before the Court of Directors is of a quasi judicial character, as to which hitherto nothing remedial has been applicable, but which a competent Council for India would be most efficient to deal with. Take, for example, some of the cases which have been brought forward in the Houseof Commons during the last year or two. The Nawab of Surat, on the death of his father-inlaw, claimed an annuity of 15,0001. a year, which the East India Company had granted to his wife's grandfather and his family for ever, in lieu of the territories of Surat. Lord Ellenborough, while Governor-General, on imperfect information supplied from Bombay, decided offhand that the pension did not descend to females, and struck it off. '"So much for Buckingham." The case was entirely one of a judicial nature, depending on the terms of tne treaty, and on the circumstances which accompanied it, and when a Select Committee of the Hbuse of Commons, consisting of Mr. Cardwell and four eminent Queen's counsel, investigated the facts they decided unanimously that the allowance was hereditary. So in the case of Ali Moorad, one of the Ameersof Scinde, the ground on which he was deprived of the greater part of his possessions was that he hadc comramitted forgery ia a treaty by which one of his relatives had made to him certain cessions. The Prince proceeded to this country, complaining loudly of the injustice of the decision, which had proceeded from no established Court off judicature, but from two officers acting as special commissionerB, and which undoubtedly was founded on evidence of a most in. famous character. Cases such as these-and they are of daily occurrence-have always caused hitherto the greatest embarrassment to an Indian Minister, and those who remember the pleasant amenities which passed between Mr. Vernon Smith and Sir James Ho0gg in 185 on the ocasion of the Nawab of Surat Treaty Bill will hnave observed the straits to which they reduce the B3ome Government of Tndia. But if the Minister were at liberty to refer them for the opinion of a Council for India, where they might be heard with open doors, with the aid of counsel or advocates, if necessary,and where on grave occasions a judicial member of the Privy Council might also be empowered to sit, a mode would be devised by which a flood of public opinion would be brought to bear on Indian transactions, and justice-orwhat, accordingtoBentham, isevenbetter, apparent justico-would be vindicated in the eyes of the world. For Governmental purposes, also, it is no slight advantage that the Secretary for India, resting safely on the decision of so competent a tribunal, should be able to encounter all Parliamentary responsibility without blenching. It is quite clear that however efficient and numerous might be the under-secretaries and clerks attached to a Minister for India, they never could afford him assistance of this kind, and if they had rmany such duties assigned to them they would render the name of the Indian-ofiice as unpopular in the East as the Colonial-office was with our colonies before self-government was introduced among them. Both as a check, then, upon the Minister, and a protection to him when responsibility for grave impartial decision was involved, a Oouncil imparts advantages which no secretariate, however able, can supply. But there are other arguments in favour of the course now advocated. Even in respect of local information and experience a Council will be often found infinitely superior to the ablest clerks who could be selected. The latter, ag a general rule, would be men who had graduated through the different stages of office, men for the most part ot paper experience rather than of actual conversance with life, and who, when they attained the respective heads of their departments would have lived, grown, and had their being within the four walls of the office. Such men are necessarily and indeed ought to be routinists, and, having been but little knocked about in the practical jostling of life, are too apt to concentrate all their energies on what the public happily terms red-tapism. Even if men of the highest ability, they never could compare for the purposes of lndian counsel with those practical administrators of equal ability to themselves which the Indian service is seen from time to zime to produce. Moreover, it would be a great advantage to the State to be able to replenish periodically the Council in London with the highest intelligence from the East. Men like Mr. Mountstuart EIphinstone, Sir Charles Metcalfe, and Sir John Lawrence would willingly take their seats at an Indian Board when the position was one of marked distinction and utility, and there does not seem any other mode feasible of making the practical talents for government which such men have exhibited in India available for England. If the arguments should be thought to preponderate in favour of a Council rather than a secretariate in the Indian-office, many subordinate questions remain to be considered,-whether such a Council should be independant of arty, or have the character of a board, like that of the Admiralty; whether, if the term of offlce should be fited for five, or any greater number of years, any of the e1ldexa hUl(lbo 19Wv4 h iS U Plamxe; aiA whether it would not be desirable to elevate the office In the eyes of the public by making the memnbersl Privy Councillors. These are questions compsratively of detail, as to which the experience of practlcal statesmen and tho views of the House of Commons for tha time being will find a solu- tion. HADJEE.
CHbiNAAND THE CHINESE. TO THE EDITOR OF TE{E TI&[ES. Sir,-The remarkably able letter from yoar correspondent in China in your paper of the 26th Inst. contains some Utatements which I believe to be erroneous, and I therefore beg Permissioi to notioe them very briefly. 1. As to Christianity among the Chinese. He writes: -" I wMi not say they are making sincere Chinese Christians; those who say this must be either governed by a deludon or a fraud," &c. I am happy to say this is a mistake on the part of your correspondent. Had he visited Amoy he would have found that a very remarkable movement commenced in that nedghbeurh-od in 1854, in connexion with the preahing of the gospel, resulting in the conversion of more than 300 natives in the short space of three years, and that generally speaking the sincerity of their faith is worthy of primitive times, and might put to shame the formal Christianity of many in this country, I can only state the fact here; buat I trust your correspondent may be able to verify the truth of it before he returns home. The character of these Amoy Christians completely subverts all our preconceived notions of wbat a Cbinaman is, and proves that the work is divine. 2. As regards opium, your correspondent fancies himself impartal on this subject, because he is neither missionary nor merchant; but he frankly admits that he has been enjoying the princely hospitality of a leading firm engaged iR the opium trade, and that he is inxdebted to that firm for muoh of his information. Such being the case, he must be more than human if, under this kindly influence, he did not im. bibe to some extent their honestly-formed opinions that opium is a necessity to the Chinese and to the China tradeHe is dispdsed to think opium smoking a vicious practice, but not so injurious as is generally supposed; and he states on good authority that the poorer victims die, not of opium smoking,but of starvatiion. The latter point is scarcely worth disputing:as it might be difficult to determine which indicates the greatest amount of suffering to the victim and his family; but as to the degree of injury the vice inflicts, surely the testimony of missionaries long resident among the people is of more value than that of any mere visitor, however inteligent and observant, as your correspondent undoubtedly is. He further states as his opinion that no earthly power can stop opium smoking in China. It ray be so, but If this Christian nation were to put its shoulder to the wheel, and try to undo some of the mischief it has done in China, it might perhaps get help from a higher Power. Your correspondent, in enumerating Chinese stimulants, passes over in silence the most important of all-" the cup that ches but not inebriates." The Chinese have exied as a nation for the last 4,000 years with tea, vine, spirltss and tobacco, but opinm smoking is not more than half a century old. It is estimated that not more than 10,000,000 smoke the drug, while there remain350,000,00D among whom there exists a healthy moral tone against the vice, one proof of which may be found in the fact that a Chinese mother shrinks from giving her daughter in marriage to an opium smoker. Moreover, the vice is not necessarily incurable in a nation because It is so in the individuaL Let us suppose the supplies to fail for a few years, and the victims would be either weaned of the habit or would die out, leaving the mas of the nation free from the deadly scourge. But your correspondent considers opium so necessary to our China trade that he suggests as the only way of getting rid of it, that the good people of this country should give up the use of teaandsidlk, Whether this is to be taken in jest or in earnest, I entirely dissent from it, I entreat the earnest attention of your readers to the facts brought forward in his letter showing the langtishing condition of our export trade to China, and to ask themselves whether this strange neglect of British manufactures by such a densely peopled empire is not attributable to these being supplanted by the less bulky, but more profitable article of opium, and whether the wealth destroyed in opium smoking Is not drying up the natural capacity of the Chinese to congmme our manufactures ? And, if such be the case, is It impossible nowv to make the transition to a better state of things? By no means. Let the marvellous elasticity of commerce and its powers of self-adjustment dispel any such fears. And surely late events in India and at home, if deeply studied, are calculated to throw a flood of llght on that which ought to be our course of policy in regard to the opium trade with China. Shall we in our national poUcy adhere to a base system of expediency or adopt a high-toned morality? It will be for the people of this country very soon to decide whether we shall take over as a legacy from the East India Company the opium trade in India, or whether they will act the nobler part and restrict ehe production of that opium to the valuable use for wvhich it has been gtiven us by a beneficent Providence. I am. Sir. vnrnr f,iShf,,11 AN OLD RESWlENT INOafliA. I Dc. 29.
I 1THE SFZAMSHIP AUSTBALAVAIA. I TO TH1E EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We hope you will in fairnes to us, as the buiUders of the steamship Austrabidan, allow us the opportunity of correcting in your oolumns the erroneous and unfavourable impression towards this ship which the observations of your Portsmouth correspondent, in your publication of the 23d Inst., cannot fall to produce. So far as " misappropriation" in the arrangements made for troops is concerned, we, as builders, have nothing to do; but that there has not been any "raisappropriation" of spme in the arrangements made by us for fitting the vessel for the Australian passenger trade will be apparent when we shte that tblis vessel has accommodation for 200 first and 60 second cabin pengers, besides having capacity for 1,t00 tons of coal and 900 tons of cargo. Your correspondent has been misinformed in regard to the consumption of fueL This has been within SO tons per day of the quantity he states (best Welch coal), and the result is a very moderate consumption for the engine power requisite to propel such a large vessel at the high speed she attains-viz., 4 knots per hour, as attained in a continuous run over the measured distance on the Clyde (13i knots) when the Government surveyors were testing the steamer for contract service. On this trial she had l,OQO tons of coal on board. MIr. Richards, the Portsmouth pUot, would perhaps have had lems anxiety when crossing the bar at Portsmouth (as alluded to by your correspondent) had he been aware that, owing to au accident in going down the river Clyde, the Australasin grounded, and got so completely across the channelas to stop the entimre navigation. After remaining in this position for three tides, with the full force of the ebb and flood against the hull, she was got off without a single rivet being started in consequence. We may remark that a few hours of a similar positon with the large mail steamer Demerara, in Bristol river, some years ago, resulted in the almdost total Loss of the vessel and her abandonmeont to 'he underwriters. We are. Sir. vour ohpdip, ~ JAMES AxD GEORiR, 'Rrfotp)rnT ' Ulyde-banic o _ndry, Glasgow, Dee. 26.
AzsicAN Vc Ew oF THE INDtA2T QulsTroN.-In the dreamy and passonate days of his youth the first Bonaparte used to spurn the chances of European ambition as too limited and trivial to arouse the energies of an imperial nature. It was in the East, and in the Esst alone, that he saw such visions as had stirred the souls of an Alexander and a Csesar. And to the latest hour of his life these vague splendours of Oriental war never ceased to haunt his imaBination. Russia to him was but the mighty gateway of Asia and of India. The history of England in Eindostan in a manner echoes the fiery words with which the voung graduate of Brienne ined to electrify his friend Bourrienne. The tale of the victories of Olive and Lake, and WeDesley and Napler, of the conquests of Hastings and Cornwalhs and Dalhousie, wears all the pomp and circumstance of legendary battles and romantic monarchies. All the elements of wonderand of interest enter into that confused and glittering record, more proliic of dramatic contrasts and more inexhaustiblein picturesque incidents than all the imaginations of Arabia or all the fancies of. Franoe. But in al the annals of the AngloIndian dominion no passages can be found more extraordinary than the fast culminating chapter of the great Mdahomedan mutimy. In an hour of profound peaoe and security a whole army rose upon Its officers and upon the race to wbich for more than half a century it had rendered loyal service. This tremendous revolt, accompanied with every posdble excess of military violence and heathen ferocity, shook to Its foundations an authority which the whole world had gradualy come to recognize as an established fact in history, and endangered the prestige, not of England alone, but of all Christendom in the East. It was favoured in its first development by the portentous imbecility which scems to be the fatal penalty of English organization wherever England fairly plants her power. It was to be met by an annbi$uously constituted Government, and by an army not only inferior in numbers to its antagonists, but scattered over a vast extent of territory. And now, within six months, this rebelion has been virtually crushed, its cohesive force dissipated, Its nominal head captured, and the astonished populations of IHindostan called upon once more to do homne to the apparently invincible supremaay of the European lood. The decisive events clearly foreshadowed in the first reports which reached us of the fall of Delhi and the relief of Lucknow take this sbarp outline in the intelligence received by the Europa. The present of India has doubtless been by this time settled at Lucknow. Meanwhile Parliament is settling the future of India at London. It was officially' announced that the Ministry would move for the erection of the Queen's East India douimnions into a Eoyal Government. This important measure '11 be discussed, of course, with great earnestness and at Immense length, but we can hardly suppose that the terrible lessonE of the lbst six months have been thrown away on England, and that the vast interests of civilization, commerce, and Christianity in the Eastwill again be abandoned to a Board of Control which has never controlled, and a Court of Directors wbich has never directed the affairs of India in a spirit equal to their momentous signilicance.- ,A?Y YorkJImee0 -
LAW EXPORT. PREROGATIVE COTJR.!p T%w, 2n ahis as the bst extra court-day after Mioh ijmas Term. Dr. Dodson presided as Surrogate and disposed otf some buoinew of a formal nature. The Court will not sit again.
POLIOE. MANSION-HOUSE.-George Harrison was charged with having stolen a sovereign from Miss Annie M?Carthy, of No. 110, Cheapside, tobacconist. The prO£ecutrix said,-Laatnight it about half.past 9 o'clook the prisoner came into my shopand asked for two twopenny cigars. I placed them before him, and he offered nie a soverelgn, whieh I took and placed in a drawer in 'which was a Little basin for gold. There were two other sovereigns and two half-sovereigns then In the basin. I then closed the drawer and opened the til to give him the silver. He said, "Return my sovereign, I have small change." I ngam opened the drawer and returned him the sovereign, which he took up with one hsnd, while with the other he reached across and snatched a sovereign out of the bowl, dropping at the same time a shilling into the bowl, With both my hands I caught his hand, and foundthe sovere3gnjamnedbetweenhsthumb andthepalmof hishand, While I was struggling with him an elderly gentleman came to the door, towhomleaid, "Pray assist me, this man has stolen a sovereign." The gentleman did not assist me, but stood by, and the prisoner relaxed his hold and I took the sovereign from bif. He then sid it was his, and that I had not returned the sovereign he bad given me, and I asked the gentleman to call in an officr, which he accordingly did, and when the prisoner stooped down and undid his shoes and pulled off his stocking. I heard some money drop, Be said it was a 'orm. I saw a flerin in his hand. The offlcet hen came, but the sovereign wss not found, neither was Cro6s-examined by Mr. Lewis for the prisoner.-He did not ptace a shilling on the counter, but dropped it into the bow . He did not say anything about two half.sovereigns until after the officer came. He came into the shop alone. The door was closed. He had been kneeling behind the counter full five minutes before the officer came. The gentleman would not allow him to escape. Noble, 44L-I was called to the shop, and there saw the prisoner, who wua given into my charge for stealing a sove. reign from the tilL He aid he had given the sovereign to the woman to pay for two clgars; and that he afterwards saidtoher that hehad smaller change and wished for two half-sovereigns for his sovereign. Ho wished to besearched in the shop. I searched hia waistcoat pockets there, and sf terwards I searched him at the station, and found ls. Od. in silver, Ild. in copper, and 30z. of tobacco upon him. I received a sovereign from the prosecuttix, which was that she believed he lid taken from her till. I asked him his address. At first he said he came from Stafford. and then he said he came from Manchester, and ultimately he refused to give any address, or to give any satisfactory account of himself. The Prosecutrix.-It appeared to me that he put his own sovereign, which I returned to him, into his pocket. The LORD M.&YoR said, that in all probability the prisoner had swallowed the sovereign, and directed that he should be kept in prison nuder medical treatment. The prisoner was then committed for trial. The LORD MAYOR requested that the press would amknow. ledge his receipt of 11. from "E. B.," the second half of a 51.-note from "AL P. G.," and the first half of a 51.-note from ' W. B.," for the poor-box. Bow.ST.-I¶ary Diefke and Mary Ann Dusseldorff were finally emined on several charges of shoplifting; and a German named Friedrich Dlefk, the husband of the first prisoner, was charged as the wilful receiver of the stolen property. It appeared that the prisoners wvre part of a gang of forelgners, who, locating themselves in the neighbourhood of the Dover-road, Southwark, embarked every morning for the West-end on thieving excursdons. Some of the party had been already in custody for similar offenses. Polie. constable R. Bell, 3 X, having watched the two female prisoners on the 23d inst, saw them go into the shop of air. Cadman, Strand, and come out again, when, after proceeding a short distance, one of them produced a silkumbrela from under her shawl. He detained the women, and found that the umbrella had been stolen. The same women had previously, on the 15thixist., visitedthe shop of Mr. Morton, of the Turnstile, where, while pretending to look at a variety of goods, which were to be sent to a false address, they contrived to stow away a considerable quantity of cutlerv, some of which was pledged in the Strand. Some of the stolen goods anda greatnumber of pawnbrokers' dupli cates were found at the maie prisoner's lodgings, where both the women lived also. Mr. HENRY committed them for trial. A man named John Tebane a discharged servant, was aso committed for trial for stealng coats, umbrellas, &c., from the halls of gentlemen's houses. He usually inquired for the housemaid, and, wrhen asked lf he meant "Eiza" or 'Jane," he promptly replied "Yes." While the housemaid was being sought, tfe prisoner stripped the hall and decamped. MARLBOROUGH-STREET.-Mary Ann Efferton, a young woman of very ladylike pperance, was charged on suspicion of stealing a gold watch, value 30 guIneas, from the person of hMs. EFia Elatob, of 7, North-place, Camber. well. Mrs Elstob stated she was in the German Fair, lAngham. place, the preceding afternoon between 4 and 5. There was a considerable crowd of persons collected round the mu. sicians listening to the musdc, to which spot she likewise was attracted. She saw the prisoner in front of her and felt her press on her muff, under which was her watch, secured by a detector. Almost directly upon feeling this pressure she missed her watch and saw the prisoner's band about her muff. She seized her by the wrist, but she managed to get her hand into her own muff, and, with the other hand, appeared to pass something to a stout woman near her. She kept her hold of the prisoner, raised an alarm, and, a policeman coming up, gave her into custody. Her watch, value 30 guineas, had not been traced. Police-constable 343 of the A division was on duty at the German Fancy Fair, and took the prisoner Into custody as above stated. A lady's valuable gold watch, horizontal morement, beautifully enamelled bach, and jewelled in eight holes, was found on the prisoner, together with two diamond rings, a pair of diamond sar-rings, and a gold brooch with the portrait of a gentleman on it. The prsoner reserved her defence and was remanded ti,l A 5Z.-note has been recelved from " H. T." for the poor. box. The 51.-note acknowledged in 27e Timem a few days back as received from Mr. " Batey7" should have been from "Mr. Ravey.") MARYLEBONE.-Thomas Meredith was charged with having, on the night of the 23d inst., hurglariously entered the house of Mr. HenryJackson, builder, 33, Thayer-strect, Manchester-square, and stolen therefrom a coat, a jackek a pair of shoes, and three pairs of boots. The stolen jacket was now produced and identified ; It had been nurchased of the prisoner by a man named Goulden, in Johm's-court, Wigmore-street. The article was identified by the prosecutor, and the prisoner was committed for triaL. The second half of a 51.-note, No. 72,724, dated November 4,1857, has been received for the poor-box. An acknowledgment In 2l9c TUmes was requested. WESTmSTER.-Alfred Johnson and John M'Donald were finally examined, charged with stealing two diamond rings from the shon-window of Mtr. Edward Smith, of 17, Victoria-road, Plmlico, silversmith and pawnbroker. The robbery was committed on Monday fortnight, during the heavy fog. A little girl named Richardson, attracted by the showy artidles In the window, advanced towards it and saw Johnson and two other men at It. Johnson had an lnstrument of some kind against the window, and immediately afterwards a pIeee of glass dropped out, when Johnson thrust his hand through the aperture, and, taking two rings out, handed them to one of his companions. At that moment the thieves caught sight of a nir. Makepeace and his wife, who had just come up Intirme to witness the robbery, and darted off. Mr. Make. peace pursued Johnson until he was captured. The other prisoner, who had been eeen with him an hour previously, trying to cut another window in Totbi,-street, was subee- uently apprehended, and both the g7irl Richardson and Mr. and Mrs. Makepeace said that to the best of their be- 11ef he was one of the two engaged In the robbery at Mr. Smith's. The rings were not recovered. The prisoners were fully committed for trlal. WoRBSBipmsT.-William Jessop was charged with the followiDg outrage .- Harriette Davies, who appeared to be, and was described by her landlady, as a very quiet and inoffensivo young woman, but who was In the most deplorable condition from injaries and exhaustion, stated that the prisoner on Monday night saw her h}ome, where shortly afterwards he made a request that she could not comply with, and immediately she told him so he grasped her by the throat, and, flinging her back over the edge of part of the furniture, declared ha would strangle her and held her in that position till she was nearly senseless, when he at length released her. She then tried to escape from the room, but the risoner on seein her doing so seized the poker, and struck her such a fearf[ blow with It on the side of the head as to pitch her from the top of the stairs to the bottom. On partialy recovering from the jointeffects of the blow and faUlshe crept, with the blood streaming down her face, into the back kitchen, to hide herself, but the prisoner foliowed her, flr her down, knelt unon her stomach, thrust his hand into the pocket of her dress, from which he took some money, and then attempted to esape from the house. She contrived to follow him, to give him into custody, but on reaching the passage the prisoner suddenly trned upon her, and struck her suc-h a terrible blow on the head with half a pair of firetongs that she fe'1 to the grotnud -esles -n remebere nothing more that ocnnred to her till she found herself in a cab, covered with blood, and on the road to St. Bartholomew's HospitaL. Isabella Horton, tho complainant's landlady, stated, that on hearing a heavy fall down the stairs, followed by moans, she went out to ascertain the cause of them, and found the prisoner kneeling on the young woman as she had described. She ran to the street door to alarm the police, but was followed by the prisoner, and on turning round she saw the prisoner strike the young woman on the head with some iron implement, and she Immediately dropped senseless at is feet. The pisoner then rushed out of the house, swearing he would do for any one who attempted to stop him, but two men who were passing and had heard their screams seized himby the collar and held him til a oonstable came up and secured him. Balls, a constable of the N division, produced the tongs and poker, and deecribed the comaplainant, when he saw her, As stretched upon a sofa, bleeding shockingly from wounds In the head, and perfeotly senseless. She was in such a dreadful condition that he sent her at once to the hospital. 3r. Walter Chippendale, house-surgeon to the hospital, attended and described tho tiature of the injuries the young womau had sustained, which were fortunately not so serious as m ht havo been exrpected from such violence, though she would still ha vs to return to the hospital, and lir. HAMILL, who characterized it as a most fearful outrage, fully committed the prisoner toNewgate for kiAL The MIag1etrat aloknQledge4 his reoeipt oEise foaIowhge donations for the poor-box.-The soond halves of two 5s notes from " P.. Is. I" the oecond half of rkU4 note from an nonymoun contribator; the second lalf of a 54 tot from -K rP G. X, and It. from "J.. I B" SouTBwA.-Timothy Roach1 of No. 1, RoyaI Tent. court, Kent-teet, a ve42 low locality, wa charged bqfore Mr. Coysx with selling beer withaot a licenoe. The oase was proved by a polioeman, who sid that he and a brother offioer went to the house dresaed s oldlers. Mr. Solomon, for the defendant, severely censored the system adopted by the police to entrap persons to breek the law. He was instructed to say that his client did niot sell beer, but had a few friends drinkiog with him when the officer first came. Se refused to admit himn into hls house, but when they returned as soldiers Ms dAughter admitted them, as he had a son in the army. Mr. Comsra hd no doubt as to the trade carried on by the prisoner. He mst pay a fine.of 5b and 2g. costs, or be imprisoned one month. Yesterday lr. ComBEreceived 54 from "11R. S. and Co.' for the poor-box of this court LAxMXM-Ch&Ales Boyes, a letter-carrler In the Genert Post-office, was charged with stealing nine pounds of soap, the property of Mr. Wybrow, a soap manufacturer in CamberwelL MIr. Wybrow, the prosecator, deposed that on the day before the prisoner called to deliver a letter, and wile pausing along the factory he (witness) observed him take n a bar of soap, and break it in two pieces. He question him on the subject, and the prisoner, who had the appearance of having been drlnking, seemed to treat the matterAs a joke; but witness told him he must aCOompany himAto the counting-house, which he did, and on there examining a bag which he (the prisoner) carried, he found in it nine pounds of soap, his property and of the value of 3g. Ar. Wybrow added that for eigft yes the prisoner bad beoa the postman on the walk mn which his house was situate, and, though he had been In the habit of delivering letters at the factory at almost. every post, and many of them contained remittanoes of considerable amounts, nothing of this kind had been detected before. Mlr. Cole, inspector of letter-carriers at the General Post. office, aid the prnsoner had been a letter-carrier for 12 years, and during the whole of that time had borne an excellent character. Mr. ELLIOTT.-What was the remuneration which he received from the Poet-offioe? Mr. Cole.-Twenty.three shillings a-week; and his character has been so good that I was much surprised when r heard of the nature of the charge against him. The prisoner, who seemed very much affected at the serio position in which he stood, in reply to the charge, said he had been unfortunately drnking in the course of the day, and, having taken rum and gin, the mixture had sunh an effect npon him that he became perfectly unconscious of What he pdis Mr. £LLiO?T remanded the prisoner.
XBC&E2T NOYELS.-DSU9T.M,AJD CREDIT.+ (Continued from 2eTi-sw of Dec. 29.) This novel has had an extraortlinary circulation in 1Germany, approaching to that of Uitcle Torn,. or of Mr. Dickens's or of Mr. Thackeray's novels in 1England. On that accouat alone it must excite some curioBity among us. We naturally wish to see whit it is that our German cousins so much admire, by way of obtaining some insight into their tastes and feelings. But, besides that, it is not unreasonable to suppose that -what interests them Bso much may interest us also, and scenes over which they laugh and weep in the fullness of their literary sympathies may also be pleasant and pathetic to us in our cooler way of taking such matters. It will therefore probably be accepted by many of our readers as a kindness on the part of MIra. Malcolm that she has enabled them, at a very cheap cost, to follow the windings of the story of Gustav Freytags Sol uznd faaben. In truth, however, the story is not a very winding one. It runs tolerably' straight on from beginning to end, from the birth| of the hero through the various steps of his disci-1 pline, culture, the formation of his friendships, I his good and evil fortunes, trials, and achieve-] ments, till it reaches that which iB in novels the end of all things-mariago. About this central figure ere ranged various other groups connected with it in various ways, in which we have pictures of the manners, feelings, and relations oE various classes of German society, and of the effect which the political events of recent years, oivil wars, and the conjunction of different races under the same rule produce on the forxnes and feelings of private families. And this is, we conceive, the origin of the avidity with which this tale has been received in its native country. Germans find there lively depictions of most of the leading aspects of their own social life. A large old-fashioned, well-regulated mercantile establishment, with its array of clerks, packers, and the like; an elegant and well-appointed gentleman's house in the country; a residence of the country gentleman's family in the town, with the consequent drama of society, dancing parties, firtations, jealousies, and quarrels a prodigal young soldier, the heir of the family; Jew moneylenders and agents, who begin their career in the most abject condition, and gradually creep on to be masters and successors of their original clients; a German castle and colony in a Slavic province, an insurrection, and a siege; to say nothing of a cer tain Herr von Fink, who pervades the whole drama, and is everything-nobleman and merchant's clerk, a reckless adventurer and a careful calculator, an American and a German, a soldier and a farer, the tormentor and good genius of the hero; or of the two ladies who. after being shuffled backwards and forwards between the hero and Herr von Fink during the course of the romance, are finally divided between them, in a manner perfectly equitable and hopeful of happy times. A German reader may -naturally be pleased to see the ideal forrus of these, which he knows to be important realities in the world in which he lives. We have heard this book ipoken of as the best German novel which has appeared since Wilhelm Mei.ster. It resembles WiU'dm? Meiser In some degree In the variety of characters and of social circles to whieh we are introduced in the course of it; but we are happy to say that Anthony Wohlfart, though engaged, like Wilhelm Meister in a commercial career, conducts himself In a way very different from Goethe's model man; and, whereas Wilhelm lives with an actrem in the most unscrupulous mannner, and being sent to collect his father's debts employs the produce of his mission in living and strolling with a company of strolling players, Anthony is from first to last unimpeachable in his * conduct, faithful to his merchant master, modest and discreet witDh ladies, devoted to his friends, and, * when ho needs must, brave in combat. The difference between the two heroes of the two romeances is very much the same as the difference between Hogarths Industrious and Idle Apprentice." But the mention of the two works in connexion may suggest a reflection how much German life must have changed in the interval to transfer the leadiing points of literary interest from the stage of one 'liter to that of the other. In both we have deplctions of character and manners, but in the one merely as they are characteristical and moral, in the other as they are elements and features of a social progress. The aim of the one work Is rerthetical and dramatic, of the other political and socdologIcal-if one may use auch a word. In the one the most prominent subject is the character of Hamlet; in the other it is the Panelavonic movement. Such is the transfer of German sympathies -which has been 4effected In the last 0 years. An Eng'Lsh reader of this book will naturally be led to compare Herr Freytag's performance with the works of our own admired novel writers, and he vill not fail to see in many places the marks of a etrong influence exercised by MYr. Dickens over the writer. For instance, he imitates Mr. Dickens in the strange dreamy descriptions of the manner in which inanimate objects change their aspect, and good and evil spirits peep out of crevices and utter sounds heard by those for whom they are intended at certain critical points of the istory, and, aa in Mr. Dickens's, these fantasmal crises aro so kept in a sort of twilight by the art of vmrting wzith elaborate obscurity that the rceptical reader cannot say, after all, that anything supernatura'l hnas been ass.erted to have happened. Very often, too, in the care and miuteness with which the scenes are described and the conversation conducted. from point to point we have reminiscences of Mr. Dickens, whioh will .probably be more generally admired. We have seen in Charlotte Bronte'l novel of Yilette how a narrow circle of ordinary charaoters, employed in very undistinguished work, may still have its loves, and hates, and intrigues, and jealousies made to take, itnot a pleasing, a very tenaciou.s hold on our attention. In something of the samno way are described the establishment of the great merchant T. 0. Schroeter, in a town on the eastern side of Silesia, near the Polish boundary; though we are bound to say that the men and women of the great mercantile house, warehouses, and bureaux are a much more amiable and reasonable set than the male and female teachers who conduct -the academy at Villette. As we have said, the mercantile house is described as a model of order and good management, and is probably intended to keep before the eyes of the Germans an exemplar of what a commercia establishment has been in " the good old times," still is in the best cases, and is in danger of ceasino to be through the greed, impatience, and insubordination of the present generation. AnthonysWohlfart is introduced a? a clerk to this house inman orderly way, though of very poor parents. We may describe his introduction in the author's words:-. " The merchant maintained strictly the aneient customs cf the house. -Al the clerks and juniors who were not married lived in the house, belonged to his household, and dined at his table daUy at 1 o'cl ock. The morning after Anthony's entranoeEHerrScbroeter hadonly exchanjedafew words with him, and then comnaitted him to Herr Jordan to bie employed inthe provincial branch of the business. Afew minutes before dinner time he was sent for to the rooms of the irat floor to be presented to the lady of the house. Full of expectatio4as he ascended the well-carpeted staircase, the footman conducted him through a serles of rooms to the dra-wingroom.Onia AnOtb ony observed with aetonish. meat the simple but solid splendour of the furniture, the large mirrors, heavy damasks, pictures, flower-tables, nuame. rous vases and fruit-baskets of stone and painted china. The footman drew aside a porti&e, and Anthony as he steWped upon the polished parquet made a profound bow, hfhle the principal presexted him to a young lady, s.ying, 'MyT sister Sahi-e." Anthony graduiEy makes acquaintance and frendshlip with his fellow-clerks, and espeially, as we have said, with FYink, who is of higher birth a,nd connexions thanl the other, and is condemned to serve in this capacity for a time by his father in consequence of irregularities of which he had been <uilty. We may present him also to the reader as ie first appears:_ "Anthony descended some stairs with his companion, and was on the point of knocking at a door, when it wa opened by the occupant of the room. He was a handsome, slender young man of middle siee, and with an air that had an imposng effect on our hero. He had just changed his attire, wore shorts and top-boots, and had a jockey cap upon Is head; he had a whip in his hand, which he kept swinglng about in a janty manner. 'Are you aradyleadlag your foal about bythehalter p said the young gentleman in top-boots, with a smile, to Anthony's condactor. Herr Jordan placed himself in a stately attitude and presented:-'laerr Wohlfart, the new nnder clerk just arrved,'-'Herr von fink, son of the great :firm of Fink and Becker, at Hamburg.' "1 'HIleir of the largest store of train oi in the world, and so forth,' interrupted Herr Von Finl, with atone of indifference. 'Jordan, give me ten thalers; I want to pay my gtoom; put it down with the rest.' Without any hesitation Jordon took a bask-note *.om his pocketbook and pre. sented it to the jockey, rwho crumpled it up and put it care. 2essly into his waistcoat poeket. He then turned to Anthony and said, poltely,' If you came to pay me a vlsit 4e from the solemn face of year, Mercury I conclude yoe I Loit and Credit. A Novel, from the original, with the -auptIo of the sut1horp Qut4y F°remyt, bT Ms, hthe91M did, I am very sorry not to be at aome to-day, as I am going to buy a new horse. I will consdder yoar visit as paid, and thankyou oritwith .proper solemnit; and.I give yon moy blessing upon your entrance into our houe.' He noddedwith sn air of indifference, and walked down the stairs and over the stone pavement in the court, clattering with his spars." This gentleman, thus exquiste in his attire, has great influence on the fortunes of our hero. He first treats him slightingly and insults him, which Anthony resists with so much spirit that they become fast friends. He then introduces him into a circle of gentlemen and ladies held for the purpose of practising dancing, where Anthony becomes gradually initiated into the manners and customs of the best company of the place-albeit at first looked upon somewhat shyly as not being of noble birth. This difficulty Fink gets over by mysterious coummunications and hints about his friend's history and position. So introduced, Anthony shows that so far as fidelity and respect to ladies are characteristic of natural nobility he has it. The lady dancers are diided into two factions, the s" greens " and the " browns ;" and among the "browns " is Leonora, the daughter of the Baron von Rotheattel, whom Anthony had seen and admired as a boy, and to whom he now finds himself drawn nearer. Theone Lara is another of the ." browns." And now we come to grave matter. " Theone Ian kept a diary in which she registered her feelings. It contined the tale of the two salamanders, already mentioned, and everything that had ever agitated her heart, her views on nature, men, and the dancing parties. It was her greatest treasure. In a heavenly hour she had initiated Hildegard Salt into the secrets of this book - they bad kissed, and shed tears, and sworn an eternal frIanship overit. From that time theylhad kept the diary in common. All their deepest feelings, their most seoret observations, were inscribed there. One evening, when Leonora had been particularly amiable to thera, they opened their hearts to her, and showed her some pages of the diary, and afterwards she had been indulged with the favour of writing something in it; but as her forte did not lie In committing her sentiments to papor, but rather in drawing faces and ridiculous figures, she had enriched it with several caricatures, and Hildegard, who had a poetical vein, hed composed some verses for each drawing. No stranger was allowed to look into this precious book-no one must see or touch this sanctoary. Day and night she caried it about with her. By night it lay under her pillow, and while her maid dressed her she sHpped it secretly under her corsets and wore It against her innocent hearti; it was a small thin book bound in red silk. When Eildegardlooked at her tenderly, or Leonora patted her arm with her nosegay, she pointed secretly to her heart. That evening she n'putt the book in Its usual place, and daring the first danco had distinctly felt it; after the quadrille it was gone." Anthony is enjoined to recover the book, which of course has fallen into the hands ,of the mischievous Fink, who torments the ladies g- evously in virtue of his possession of thns talisman, but finally sends it back to the owner by the hands of Anthony. Then the question arises among the " brown" ladies whether Anthony has looked into the book. The others maintain that male curiosity could not resist such a temptation. Leonora alone is confident of her true knight's fidelity. The matter is tested in the following ingenious way " When Anthony made his appearance at the next dancing lesson Leonora went to meet him at the head of her party; she wore a sorrowful aspect, and all the brows droop their heads in order to appear dejected. 'Ah, Herr wohlfart, what have you done? The book which you sent to Theone was not her diary; it was the memorandum-book of one of tho gentlemen.' I "'How is It poible P exclaimed Anthony, astounded. " ' On the very first sheet there was a bill for a coat, dated the 29th; a bottleoof clazet and a pair of new spurs, dated the 30t. That book could be of no use to us.' All the browns shook their heads, and east their eyes down. " Anthony tried to excuse himself, saying, ' Fink took the red-book out of the pocket of his waistcoat and put it into my hand, and I at once sealed it up and sent ii.' " ' Then, Herr von Fink must have ohanged it,' continued Leonora, ' Why did you not look into it ?' she asked in a reproaohful tone, ' t least at the title-page?' 'I did not venture,' said Anthony; 'I had promised you not to look at iL I will cal Fink.' " ' Stop a moment lP exolaimed Leonora; 'has he loolked into it or not ?' she asked, turning triumphantly to her party. "An admhring ' No I' burst from all lips. "' Stay, Herr Wohlfart,' resumed Leonora - 'it was the right book you sent back, but some of us doalute whether any man, even you, could return it unread. I said you could. and have in this way given nay friends evidence of it.,'" Notwithstanding that Anthony is thus the very model of a p2reux c7evalier, his low birth is discovered, and as soon as he becomes aware of Fn'Es misrepresentations he indignantly repudiates them, and retire from the circle of his fastidious, aristocratic friends. But his connexion with the Rothsattel fatmily is at a later period resumed under another aspeet. The Baron finds living in town expensive, borrows money, establishes on his estate a manufactory of sugar from beetroot speculates in bonds and mortgages, and takes all the usual steps by which gentlemen in novels, and in real life also, and espeially, we are to understand, in Germany, get themselves ruined, and bring about the deiiuescent of their story. In this way he is haunted and driven down the slope of rutin by a number of odious and atrocious characters; Ehrenthal, originally his agent; Veitel Itzig, a Jew, who begins by being a shoeblack, and ends by being a moneylender; Hippus, a ruined drunken lawyer, who is Itzig's intstructor in -villany; and others. By the |successrive joperat,ons of these amiable gentry his affairs are so hopelessly intvolved that he is extruded I from his ancient home of Rothaattel, and driven to seek an abode in s desolate house and lands beyond the Polish frontier, which have fallen into his hands in virtue of his passion for mortgages. HIere ?Anthony rgoes, led by what he conceives to be duty to the family who had been kind to him, but what the clearer-sighted leader saw to be the the fascinations of his early lodestar-Leonora. He leaves hs master, T. 0. Schroeter, and the Fraulein Sabine, much to their discontent, and employs himself in putting in order the dilapidated Polish estate. But soon political troubles break in upon his progress. There Is an insurrection of the Polish populationi against the Germans, and the castle is besieged. The siege is described with great spirit, and in such a way as to bring ouLt many characteristic traits of the manners and practices of the country with its two races of people. The leading heroes in the defence of the castle are, as mighU be expected, Anthony and Fink, and also Leonora, who at a critical moment shoots a man, and is then very much shocked at what she has done. The Polish insurgents who besiege the castle are for a time kept in awe by what they conceive to be cannon on their carriages, but what really are farming implements, newly painted by the zeal of one of Anthony's followers. When they have discovered their error they attempt to set fire to the castle by putting forward against the barricade a waggon Men with combustibles. This is at first repelled by the musketry of the little garrison. But the attempt is persevered in, and threatens to succeed. The defenders are alarmed,- "A man called down from the tower, ' They are bringing short ladders from the village ; I see axes in their hands.' "'They ae trying to get ovei the fence-they are knocking the windows of the lower floor down! ' cried out the terrified men, confusedly. The forester rushed into the yard ; Fink collected some of the men near him, led them along to the wing of the house to whioh the men with the ladders were approaching. Al screamed in confusion; even Fink's threatening ommands were no longer attended "Ast this moment several men with Poles ran across from the yard to the door of the fronthal. *hlake way !' shouted out a stout figure; ' this Is smith's wvork V' The man pulled teby l oi th door back; the opening was completely filled btebrig vaggon. The smith pushed the heavy pole buruing a- s ht , o n spite of smoke and flame, ln.o the P burning wood of the waggon. 'Hel me, you hares ! h cried out Iudignantly. ' He is right,' exclaimed Anthony; ' come here, men !V I'lanks and cart poles were dragged forward, and the men advanced undauntedly into the smoke, and pokedand thraust theminto the -lowlng mass More than once they wver forced to retire, but the smith always drove them back to the fire. At lat he contrived, by ashing, to remove several faggots from the top. The dark sky could now be perceived through the blazin, flames at the upper part of the door; a draught of air followed, and the smoke became less stIlng. 'Now we shall have the whole concern ' he cred, triumphantly, as one by one the burning trusses flew to the ground, where, singly, they became harm- less and burnt out. The vaggon was quiekly unloadedburning feather beds and logs of wood fell to the ground. Anthony had half the door closed, because now the enemy's balls were pasing through the flames. The workers were obliged to manage their levers from the sides. The racks of the wap,gons fell charred, and the workmen, with joyful shouts, placed their poles together against the frame aud pushed the ruins of the waggon several steps from the door. Te door was rapidly closed, and the men, looking black as devils, and wlthburnt clothes, wished each other joy with loud cheers, " 'Such anight s this makes good frlends,' exclaimed the smith, delghted, nd In the joy of his heart he seized Anthon's hand which was as black as his own." Th e siege still goes on. The want of water stares the ,arrison in the face. Anthony digs a well in the castle yad, which meet tha t difficulty. Offers of capitulation made by the -besiegers, and ma'tnanimously, and also prudently, rejec.ed. Tle catastrophe of ruin to the whole of the group of characters about whom the reader h as been interested Iseems inevitable, when a. body of German troops arrive, raise the siege, and disperse the insurgents, and thus the catastrophe is duly led to. Anthony, outed4 of biig delusio that -he m us needs follg' Leonora wherever she goes, returns to the house and family of T. 0. Sehroeter, and, after being weal scolded by his old master, is made the commercial partner of the firm and the connubial partner of Fraulein Sabine, the merchant's sister. Leonora is married, after being subjected to a somewhat severe discipline by Herr von 'Fink in the way of correcting the faults of her char3cter, to a greater extent, iindeed, than ladies are supposed to be willing to submit to before marriage; though no doubt that is the seagon when it is most likely to be effectual ; and they settle in the old Slavonianl castle to enjoy and bless the land. Mrs. Malcolm's translation is executed with fidelity and spirit, with the sanotion of the author, and will we do not doubt attract a numerous body of readers.
NATURAL AND ARTIPIAIL CLASS REPRE. SgNTATION. (From the Economijt.) The ISfluentially sigued petition,preeented to LordPalmer. ston, and published in' st Saturday's papers, asking for a political recognition of the educated classes, technioally so called, as distinct -constituencies'throughout the kingdom, seems to us calculated to endanger .,a most important principle, by presenting it in a very injudicious and unnatural form. The object of the petition was to give a separate political voice to the higher culture of the more important parts of England, constituting, for example, the learned professions, the University graduates, and the officers of the army and navy, in many of the divisions o£ the metropolis, in the ,prlndipal townse in the north of England, and in some clusters of counties, into so many small separata con. stituencdes e)ecting their owa representatives side by side with the ordinary popuair constituencies, We believe this scheme to be as unwise and unnatural as we hold the prini ciple of the representation of classes, upon -which It was clearly intended to be built, to be wise and natural. It is well worth while to note carefully where and how it differs from that principle. Most thinking Englishmen have made up their minds that what we really ought to aima at in the constitution of our representative assembly is the fair representation of social classes-in other words, of the various leading in. tereats and class tendencies which are to be found in any force or mass throughout the country. Bat St would be a most false and injurious inference to draw, that because we wish to represent adequately the various class-wants and desires that are fermenting throughont the community, wo must first fornally classfy them, and so make them dis. tinctly aware of their separateinterests, whiledivertingtheir attention, in great measure, from their common interests, We believe nothing could be more injurious. Indeed, the orderly and conatitutional political growth of England has been in no small degree due to the very abseice of this pedantic clasification of social and professional Interests for political purposes. The perfeotion of a representative sys. tem is to insure a hearing for all the various interests in the community without magnifying slight differences of interest into rivalies, or enhancing rivalies into bitter antagonisms. As politicians Englishmen are only too apt already to be keen in antipathy and dull in sympathy. They are passive in their class alliances, but warm in their class contests. Andwhat we most need, therefore, isto have all the virtual class-representation we can get, with as little as poEsible avowed classification. We do not want to define electoral classes more sbarply, we do not want to contrast their interests more vividly. On thie account, ia the first place, therefore, we should very strongly objectto the formation of rival constituencies formed out of the so-calied edu. cated classes, and working on the samQ ground with the ordinary popnlar constituencies. Instead of increasing the social influence of the educated classes over the general community, such a measure would appear to set them up in distinct political r{valry to the general community, and so waste far more powver in creating factitious discords than it could save to the educated classes in direct political intluence. But, secondly, we object to the scheme, not only because it would set the new political class in a defined contrast to other classes, but because, by the mere fact of doing so, it would probably diminish the depth and breath and geniality of its political creed. It is most desirable that the different phases and interests of English political life should each and all be adequately represented; but it is also most desirable they should each and aU be represented by men whose views are as little as possible exaggerated and one-sided, Now, this is just the great dif. ference between the Indirect representation of classes and the direct classification of electoral constituencies for the purpose of a more express (that is, one-sided) representation, that in the former case representatives are open to such natural modifications of their class opinions as the influences of other classes naturally produce, while in the latter case aU their views are sharpened and limited and intensified by the positien of recognized class advocates in which they stand. Who can doubt but that if the educa. tional franchise scheme we are discussing were carried, into effect both the profedsional claeses themselves and their representatives would soon find political opinions coming out into much sharper outline and more vivid contrast with those of the rest of the community than they now show? Accustomed asthey would soon become to regard it as tJedr recognized function to check the ignorant advances , the popular mnind towards change and reform, they would gradually lose suoh sympathv as they now have with vague popular tendencies, and thefr thoughts and feelings would egin to run in those fixed channels of prejudice which the jealousy of the people would immediately attribute to them, and which their own pride of privilege would be too likely to lead them to seleot. A class thus singled out to guard the interests of mental culture in England could not fail very quickly to lose effective sympathy with all other interests. The popular constituencies would be for ever sneering at its exclusiveness and a reputation of that sort is only too wilingly accepted and justified by the class vilified. 'The consequence would almost, certainly be that, instead of gaining any social advantage, the interests of the educated classes would sufrer much. Intellectual culture, would, no doubt, win much in apparent influence; but, by assuming this formally distinct position, by putting off what w.e may term its natural and prudent incognito, bybeing taught to compare itself wilth the absence of culture belowv it rather than to emulate the warmth of popular impulses and popular lifo around it, it would lose so much in heartiness, and gain so much in odium that the general result would be pure loss. It is, indeed, the great advantage of the property quallfi. cation in the Eng iS electoral system that it is as regards the olWas it admits morally accidental. The opinions it keeps down in one place it carries triumphantly to victory in another. It excludes everywhere, indeed, the one class whlch Is so great and so uniform that it would far outweigh in numbers all the other classes of the country taken together; but of the classes it admits, one happens to be up. permost in one borough, and the other in a second; so that while almost all are represented, except the class of labourers, none are represented as olasses, but get their hearing through the accidental tastes and interests of special localities-or by help of the transient enthusiasm consequent on some great occasion. This is the safe and true kind of class representation; saie, because it does not excite mutual jealousy while it guards various interests; true, because it does not attempt to ravel out into separate threads of social life those crossing lines of social interest which are really woven together in almost every man's political creed. Again, were we to have professional classes, and land classes, and mercantile classes, and to forth, formally constituted-as the petitioners suggest in eth one class of the professional classes-every such constituency w ould exercise a far greater constraint over the minds of their represents-. tive than is Possible now, when a man is elected by a motley crowd of constituents, not merely of manyshades of opinioD, but of all sorts of habits and tastes. UJnder the new svstem he would naturaUy become more of an organ of his class and less of an Individual thinker,- because the characteristics and prevalent desires of his constituency would be much more permanently engraved on his mind than is now possible. If we do not find it so in the Universities and other valuable class constituencies as it is, it is because they are not class-constituencies in this emphatic and competitive sense. But suppose only that exactly the same electoral ground were occupied by more than one constituency of unequal political privileges, and It is scarcely possible to conceive a limit to the class tyranny that would be exerted over representatives to keep them faithful to the purpose of crossing the designs of the other competing constituency. And the representatives themselves as representing a quitVdifferent calibre of Intellectual cuQture, would* probably strongli: participate in this rivalry. The scheme, in short, is entirely impracticable and undesirable. It is a totaUy wrong application of a right principle. In every direction we should lose pliancy, elasticity, variety, breadth, naturalness, in our representative system by the adoption of such a plan. Instead of the representtion of classes it would soon become a reprosentatlon of class prejudices, or at least of class dlstinctions, and the uniting element of common political sympathy between the various constituencies would vanish utterly away., ______
FAIL OF A CGnncay.-The coroner's inquest respecting tho loss of seven lives by the fal of a chimney atthe Onse Chymical Workst near Howden, was resumed yesterday morning. After thie coroner had read the evidence, the jury deliberated about half an hour, and then returned a verdict of "Accidental death." Mr. Leeman, on the part of Mr. Anderton, the owner of the property, thanked the jury for their atttention to the evidence, and expressed his opinion that the public would agree with their verdict. THE STATE OP EmnPoy=NT IN AIAxCmnSTnpThe weeldy return made yesterday shows an increase of persons out of work, the number being 9,382 against 9,226; increase, 156; the number on short time, from 21,872 to 20,975; desrease, 897. There has been an imDrovement in more workpeoplehaving gone on full time, the numbors ]ast week being 15,236, while this week it has increased to 16,253; improvement, 967. sBYSi PAnCn.-O2-nZ SHILING DAY, Wednes. day, Dec. 30.-AdimUsions on payment, 6,856; ditto by season tickets, 986; total vidtors, 7,842. SHOOTING INTO A POLCE-OFEICE.-Early on Monday morning, as a clerk in the employ of Mr. Ormsby, superintendent of police for the Pontefract division of the West Rlding, was sitting in the County Polce-office in that town, on duty, a gun was discharged through the window, but the charge fortunately missed the clerk's head and Iodged in the wall behind him, The activity of the rural police in bringing persons to punishment for disorderly offences is supposed to have been the cause of the outrage. T}I.E LAw Or}§lS.-Yosterday the lawd offices were opened after the Christmas recess, in anticipation of the ensuing Ealary Term, which commences on the 11th of January. EsuRATN.-.In the account of the burning of the Sanh Sands transport which appeared in The 2imea of Tuesday the naxme f Lieutenant Crowpe was mentioned among the officers of the 54th Regiment whs wero on board, It shsu1d 1hY@ bieen Lieutnenba Cronyn,
MILIT2ARYA2D .tA 74L INTELLIaBNOE. The fllowowng ircul%r, dated December 23, has been ismned from the roeraitlng deprmeut, Hoeso Guards "Until further orders the approvad of recruits by inspect. Ing field offlcers of diAricts in to be condaered final; comr mandIng offi6era and surgeons of regiments contiauing, s at present, to make any remarks upoa the atestation of a recruit before s1gning that document, " All recruitsobjected to by a commanding officer wMll bo brought before the General officer at the frst inspection after joining. "Insuecting feld-offioars must well consider the responsibilihy derolving upon them in consequenoe of this rrange. ment, and his Royal Highnes the General Command!ng in Chipf imprea8es upon them the necesity of their paying thegreatestattentiontotheexaminationof recrults, and to the strictest caution being observed In sending such men only to regiments as are eligible in point of age, helght, and strength, as regolrd by regulation. Recrauts wili receive the balance qf their bounty, viz., 10., on joining their corDs. as at sreasnoln * Inconsequence of the great number of troops who havo Tecently joined the Indian depobt at Chatham barracks it has been found necessary to remove the 29th depot to Brompton barraoks. . At a. late hour on Tuesday evening upwarxs of 120 recruits arrived at the garrison from the varous recruiting distriats for the purpose of joining the Indian depOts attiched to the Ist, 2d, and 3d battalions. A large quantity of snitable warm clothing having been forwarded to Chatham, tobe distributed among the wives and children of those troops who are nowreerving in India, the first distributionwas madoyesterday at the Gun.wha-f, ad. joining Chathamn dockyard, under the direction of Mr, H. T. Jones, principal storekeeper, when a large number of women and children wereeach presented with articles of clothing. In a4dition to the wives and children of the troops of the line those of the Royal Engineers and the MedicalStaffCorps also participAted in the distribution The aom allowed to the 'Wie of each soldier during the absence of her husband in India Is 6d. per diem. The Sultana, Captain Sharp, belorging to Mesr. Duna bar, of London, with Government stores for Kurrachee, embarlced 30 men belonging to the 94th Regiment at Ply. mouth oIL Monday, and the next day sailed for-her destiaation. Her Madesty's State yacht Victoria and AIbert, Captin the Hon. Joseph Denman, is being r%pa1nted and embellished externally and internally for the special service of conveying the Princess Royal and the Prince of Prussia to Antwerpen route to Prussia after their nuptials. She is ordered tobe ready by the 10th proximo, and she will after that date proceed from Portsmouth f;o the Thames. It is expected that Gravesend wvil be the port of embaca. tion for the Royal pair, as the length of the yacht will render her navigation of the short reaches of the Thames above Gravesend a troublesome task It is eipeoted that on the auspicious oocasion Her Majesty will appoint Cap. tin Denuan a Commodore of the first class, as In the case of the late Lord Adolphus Flitzclarence. ' The engines, &o., of the Royal yacht Fairy, Mr. Welch, master in charge, and the Elfin, Mr. Alfred Balliston, mastebrn charge, are also being repaired, as they will form members of the Royal squadron. The steam frigates Diadem and Curagoa, 32, Captains Moorsom, C.B., and Mason, and all other steam ships " available" at the time of the wedding, will form members of the Royal squadron, which will be commanded In chief by the Hon. Joseph Denman. It is expected thai the Royal visitors to England from Prussia on the auspicious decasion will be landed at Portsmouth from Prussian men of-war vessels The Victory, 104, Captain G. H. Seymour, C.B., undergoing a thorough repair In dock at Portsmouth, wlll be paid off this day and reconmmissioned to-morrow by Captain Seymour, with Commander J. G. Bickford and the same other officers and staff. The Calypso, 18, Captain F. B. Montresor, now being fitted for sea at Chatham, Is ordered to be taken into the dock now occupied by the Uinite, 42, for the purpose of having defects made good, The Unitc is nearly broken up, and will be entirely taken to pieces this week. The Bachsnte, 42, will be taken into dock to be broken up as soon as the Calypso has completed [repairs. An Admiralty order has been received by Caphin G Goldsmith, C.B., superintendent of Chatham Dockyard, permitting the offlcers and men belonging to the Royal Dockyard Brigade to retain their uniforms on the brigade being disbanded. The stores, arms, and accoutrements are to bo returned into store forthwith. and a considerable quantity has already been received at Chathaam. The Adj-a tants are to be placed on half-pay, and the Sergeant-Major and drill sergeats, who are now doing duty as dockyard pollee-constables, will be discharged as soon as the brigade stores, arms, &C., havebeen returned. Mr. John J. Brown, master, late of the Agamemnon, took up his commission and joined the Renown on Monday, At Sheerness, vice Mr. Roberts, Master, appointed to the Illustrious, Tho following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- W. J. B. Hiliard, Master, to the Royal William; Cornelius J. A. NoddelL Master, to the Fisgard; and Croft G. Symons, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Viper. THE MILITIA. Her Majests steam sloop Vulcan, 6, Commander Seccombe, called at Falhaouth on Monday last and landed the Leadquaers of the Waterford Artillery Regiment of Mtilia, 'who are to garrison Pendennis-castle. The Vulcan embarked them at Queenstown, and took on the remainder of the corps to Plymouth lor dtyat that plae.
CfURCH.RATE CONITESr AT GREENVICH, TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES, Sir,-Seeing a paragraph in your impression of this morn. ing showing the result of the recent contest in Greenwich on the subject of church-rates, may I ask you to be Idnd enough to allow me space in the next number of your world-wide journal to contradict a report whioh, for party purposes, has been circulated in Greenwioh-viz., " that although one of my pledges on the hustings was that I would assist in the endeavour to abclish church-rates, I abstained from voting against the said rate on the poll being taken." Nfow, in common lustice to myself, and in order that I may set myself right with my constituents, to whom the pledge on the hustings was givec, I have have only to say 'that shortly after the poll opened on the first day I duly attended and recorded my six votes against the rate, believing, as I have ever done, that the church (of which I am a member) ought to be self-supporting, and that a compulsory tax should neither be levied nor enforced upon men of other creeds to support a place of worship in which they have no sympathy and in which they never enter. The insertion of this In the next number of your extensively read and widely circulated journal will be esteemed a qaibour as well by many of my friends and supporters a5 by Tour most obedient rprvnf_ J. TOWNSEND. Telson-street, Greenwich, Dec. 30.
FRM AT THE DuiE or PoIrr.T D's.-Yesterday morning at half-past 10 a fire broke out at the mansion of his Grace the Duke of Portland, in Cavendish-square, which caused great consternation among the household and members of the family. It appears, from Inquiries made on the spot, that his Grace has for some time been suffering under a chronic attack of rheumatism in his hip, and to allay the pain wa3 ac¢ustomed to inhale the vapoar from a spirit of wine lamp, and yesterday morning, at te time before men. tioned, his Gra¢o was inhaling the vapour, attended by Mr. lewis, his house stoward, wben by some accident the lamp was overturned, and the inflammable nature of the liquid which it contained set fire to the curtains and bedding. Mr. lewis, with great presence of mind, at onoe obtained assistance, andrzemoved the duke from the roomninto the library, but notwithout beingseverely burnt, his hair being nearlyaU singed from off his head. He then ordered the door to be closed, and messengers were sent to the King-street and other fire-brigade stations, when, by aid of buckets of water, the fire was subdued, being confined to the room in which the outbreak took place, but not before the bedding and furniture in the room were destroyed. But for the precaution of Mr. Levds in closing the door, in all probability the entire mansion would have beea in flames before assistance could have arrived. As it was, the parochial, the King-street, the West of England, and other fireengines were soon on the spot, bat their services were nob required. His Grace is understood to be insured in the ImperiaL-Globe. THE BomIr, EXPLOsION AT LEDS.-The boy, Crana, who was injured by the boiler explosion at Harehills Colrery, near Leeds, on Tuesday morning, expired in the General Infirmary ht the latter town. on Tuesday night and the engineer (Haigh) still continues in a precarious state. The inquest on the bodles of the deoeased will, according to the arrangement come to yesterday, be opened this day (Thursday); but it 'is understood the chief evidane0, scientHic and otherwise, will not be taken for some days, and therefore the jury wll do little more than view the bodies, in order that the coroner may issue his precept for their interment. A.NxISsiox OF AvTTozns.-Notices have been given by a number of articled clerks to be admitted next term. In the last term the admissions numbered "87." It is atated that a clerk artioled to an attorney of the JDachy of lneaster can be admitted Into the superiorcourts ,without ex4mination, SMd4I i£och is the care the Jw=5hetrd
TI ARXT TrA8UREO EXHIBITIOV. The Manclester Town-oounoil having, as already reprte In these colmns, naniously pased a resolution of thnk to the execative committee of the late Art Treasres Exhibition for their able and arduous servioes In lIt management, the presentation of this testimonil on behalf f ecoh orat ontook pla. yesterday:afternoon in the at the TowMn A cilndntr wax pro. b aor r. !la 3Ee M dhs, at whioh were presnt :o tiemen, incltding, beeides the members of the Executive Committee, Slr J. Potter, MLP., Mr. Kershaw, L?., MC. jJ.ender, Sir J. Watts, and the members of the Cofmt the toast of "The Queen," and the "Prince The rAY one amid loud cheerlnh, to propose the Helth of the Art Traumres hlbitloj. Committee." He said this meeting was for the purpose of paying a deserved oompliment to gentlemen whohad been most ably and zealously oonoerned in a work of great national Importance. (Heart, hear.) At a meeting of the town-council held last Wednesda a resolution was unnolmously pmaed -proposed byMr. Rumney, and seconded by Mr. iireon mn speeches which did credit to themselves as well as to thope in whose honour they were intended (cbeers)-which resolution he should read as it would explain.better thin anything he could say the tihoughte to which he was desirous to give utteranoe. 1t was a follows - $ That thb councl Is daeply lmpr d with the geat advantges aonerened upon this city aud the communty at lbrge by the recent Exhibitiou of Art Treures of the United XiDgdow, an exhibition of works o art unrvalled in magnitude an dalne, tho examination snd std of which were eminentl calculated so improve the knowledge and elete the taOte of all b ltors, and, by bringing together different clmes not socustomed to aD21ate, to Promote coodwill and kindly feelng among all sectiong of the people, "T ,gratefulybaoknowlaiegthe muuifetpberalty with which the heavy expenses to be Incurred were orlgisally guaranteed as aseo the noble - mncer la whieb the appUiction made for tho loan of works f art wxerresponded to by the contributor, this Cunci feels sailed upon, m representing, and on behalf of, the citizeus of Usnchester, In an eapedil mDanner to tender itS most stcere and cordial thankb to Thomrs Faeiran, Erzq, the chearman, Sir James Watts, and Thomas Ashtou, Wlliam Entwile, Joseph Heron,Edmund Potter, and gismnond James Stern, Esq, the members of the executIve econmittee, for their dlsinteresed ad arduous laboura; lor the unu rting and unemitting attention which durIlg mo lengtbeneS a peroad they devoted to the undertaking; for the ludgmenr and abitity which characteried all their prooeeding and amransements, and whiobao largely oontributed to rendr oompletely uooresarul the moat memorable exhIbltiUt of modem time., oonfeting isetng fame and honour upon the dturtn whlch It bms been held." (Great cheering.) Anything he could say would only tend to weaken very much the force of these expressions. He need not say that he concurred entirely with every sentenoe of that resolution. The great amount of time which he was well aware had been devoted to the management of the Ex. .hibition by the gentlemen who now sat on his right hand was, perhaps, not sufficiently known to many members of the community. ITo one could gainsay what a seriousthing it was for gentlemen concerned in the management of extensive busness to withdraxw from it Eo large a portion of teir time for a public undertOkin. (Hear, hear.) It had been aid that in Manchester people had no taste for anything excent for cetton and for money, but this Art Treasures Exhibition had shown, at all events, that, although they had a great taste for money, and were tolerablv successful in the indulgence of that predilection (41 hear, hear," and laughter), they did not regard money as "the end of all things." (" Hear, hear," and cheers) They had never beern backward In the promotion of great public benefits, and they had given sufflclent manifestation of their interest in the attamment of commercial freedom and the insurance of cheap bread to all classes of the community, (Loud cheers.) It used to be satd that In the town of Manchester there was a conspicuous want of architectural taste, but he was glad to say tat in the last I5 or 20 years there had been a marked improvement In this respecS. He was only afraid they were over-doing it, for the erections now springing up on all sides were really moro like palaces than places of business. (Cheers and laughter.) He felt proud of the town-council for their performance of this act of justice to the members of the executive committee. He begged to thank Mr. Fair. bair for the many acts of condescension and kindness for 'which he was indebted to that gentleman and the rest of the oommittee. The resolution was not yet engrossed on vllzum, as it should have been In readiness for this occesion, but he was anxious that the formal presentation of it should take place in the course of the year 1857 (hear, hear), and the document itself should be handed over to them as soon as it was prepared. He wa s ure that this acknowledgment of their serces on behalf of the dtizens of MAnchester would behighly valued and prized by them, and that it would be no less esteemed by those who would come after them. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with three times three cheers. Air. T. FAIRBAiRN, the Chairman of the Executive Committee, said,-Mr. Mayor, and gentlemen of the city council, the members of the executive committee of the late Exhibition of Art Treasures of the United Kingdom owe you their warmest thanks and gratitude for the distinguished honour you have paid to them by the unanimous adoption at your last meeting, after most eloquent and elegant introductions by Mr. Rumney and Mr. Rawson (hear, hear), of the resolutions which have just been read and presented to us. We recognize in this spontaneous expreseion of good feeling and regard, and in the cordial approbation which you speaking for your constituents, amssre us will long be felt for the exhibition itself, and for the humble services we rendered in its management, the very higost reward we could look for after our labours, of the punbo acknowledgment of which we one and all of us have just reason to feel proud. (Cheers.) So marked a complimont and distinction must at all times, and under any circumstances, occasion varied emotions of pleasure, gratitude, and satisfaction, (Hlear, hear.) But honoura of this kind can only be thoroughly prized, and can only exercise their full ano most beneficial influence in stimulating to future exertions, when they carry along with them records of success, and when they are in truth in the minds of their recipients the echo of self-approval. (Hear, hear.) lTohw, gentlemen, the Eaccess of the late exhibition was in everyrespect unequivocal and decided. (Loud cheers.) As the executive, we have every reason to feel proud of the whole history of that undertaking. (Cheers) We acknowledge, with yourselves, the charactc-istio public spirit and liberality of the gentlemen who subscribed to the guartntee fund (cheers), whose early and cordial approval of e project, and whose munificent contributions in support of it, gave an authority to our proceedings without -which our applications to the owners of works of art throughout the kingdom would have failed to command attention. We join most heartily in your thanks to the generous contributors to the collection (cheers), the vast extent and richness of whose possessions have not mnore astonished the 'world than have their ready sacrifice of personal enjoyment and convenience, and their desire to assist in every way in their povrer the advancement and improvement of their fellow-countrymen excited its warmestadmiration. (Cheers) We further acknowledge with peculiar pleasure the steady and excellent support that wns extended to the exhlbition by Its visitors, of all ranks and classes; and fortunately, also, wve can record with unfeigned satisfaction and pride the excellent conduct of the humbler oLasses ( " ,hear, hear," and cheers), who on this occasion, as on many previous ones, proved themselves most jealous guardians of the safety of property, and the truest friends of order. (Cheers.) For these various manifestations of genuine consideration and kindness towards their city and tovwards themselves, I believe that the people of Manchester owe a very dcee debt of gratitude, which they wivl long remember (hear, hear), -a debt which they can only repay by continuing to encourage all good and liberal works, and by the firm determination always to hold a forward rank in every movement which claims to increasethelappiness, to protect the honour, or to consolidate the power of our country. (Cheers.) 3r. Mayor, I will only add again the sincere expression of the thanks of the committee for this most gratifying and sumptuous entertainment, and also their appreciation of the uniform consideration and kindness which they have received at the hands of the council of this city. (Loud cheers.) Several other toasts were afterwards given and responded to.
T0 THE EDITOB oF THE TIIMES. Sir,-Your correspondent "J. G., Jersey," must be labonring under a great mistake re arding the 20 or 30 En,glishmen captives in the island of Meeneo ...he miming vessels, Greyhound, Sylh, adl Relpie, were supposed to be lost on or near the islad of Formosa, off the coast of China, from the fact of merchandise and betelnutfinding theirwayin aa unexplained mannerinto tbo China market. I fancy the natives of Borneo have had several severo lessons from our men of war since I was a captive in Borneo in the year 1842, with a whole ship's oompany, which I trust taught. them to respect E1uropeans and, lastly, our worthy friend, Sir James Brook would soon get Information, and I am eertain would not rest until the matter was cleared up, as he did on a former oc5asion when comparatively r. stranger in those parts, and for which the crew of the Sultana have ever to remember him with gratitude. Many reports have been constantly circulated of Europeans being in captivity In the island of Formosa, and it is to be hoped that the matter will be duly sifted. I remain. Sir. vnnr. nhA8;,n71 U. Ui. W. U., ONE OF THE SULTA?TA'S. Dec. 30.
[Advertisement.J-Fail not to beein the gew Year with a Dlary.-Thoes known as Ietw' fromn thelr general snueriority and Immense Vatlety (above lOO), are kept by aU book eUers In the kingdom, who wil supply a tuflF deacrptire catslogue grtIs As a Pro. seat for Christmas or New Y ~ oue ot these, Dtblahed In plain or elegrt bInding, and appropriated to al ages and clauses of society, wold confer & lasting benedc on the recipIent without trespasIng too severeiy upon the donor's llhaallty. often heavlyI taxed for the most wvorthless ktfles. Maui other asPbhaloz oeDar bo&F s4able toots. game Mok4I B .r c^.blloaoe4, ma sao be aeon z Lei, Son, and Co.'s, Statlucera and maproellr, 8, Boyal Erchupe, [Adverledment.]-"Richardas Isemembrancers for 186S5" In er y varlo or udze, at Pries varying from Is to 9a.. are sold by all hoor ers anm &taUoaen, They are prnted on superfne paper, and the 8ao eIze may be had elther plain, raled for accounts or moemoranda; and the Droprler Is careful to exclude that mas of Ddnted matter so much objected to In works of a glmiar character. These dIaIes haVe for upwards of 40 years been much prid by profesIonal men, gentleman and their itewards, versons in public ocee, marchats, and tradwsmen. The prioes ot the 4to Remoembrancr ware m3g. te. 6a., and 9.; zhe 8 o. 3s. 6de O 6s. and Gs. IA sud tbhe scibbling Remembranoer 1s. and la. 6d. Lndon, Edward SUaK-rard6 e, Cha'-Ig (Advertisemsnt.]-Every Inch a Woman.-The gat cbhaaer of Joeephifne, In Mr. Charles Resado' new Morel, -h l e ft*AA bnOt ran lfidu^a, It is a whole vox, paInted by a mater hand. "Whis LIAe" Is A stry with a noble moral, none tho lem lkelyltodogood that It liaI th heart of the story, and Is not tedlocdlypaaed.. raibner and Oo, Paternoster-row. Their announoe. meat ss to the permanent prioe (one gdnea) oA this worka having beon mianader'tood, the firm beg to xpln that to undersel the tzVsD customner by cheap editions seems to them not only saort-slghted, but disloyal, and that they aball act on that eonlation cby maintainItLg th great work In one torm and prooe. [AdvertlHement.]-" Bentley'g Msoellany," price half-acrown.-GontentSf4or JAnns. No. COLM. :-Our Annual DltatlonFaint IHeart eerWewoa LOIAdy, chapters 1, !, 3 and 4, by D)udUey Costallo-ATho Bbeel Tribes of Caadish-Ge-rman Amoacbf oI8s8Intosp£napr.i Secret MrtnssA Da vlith the Beackalde Harriers at Brighton-The Canoes of the Indian Mutlny-Uait Ermond. by Mon ohdOOA gA Poenlar AcAnsements, the CirclusAn *Tutum -n In WVales-9A IZterar Dinner-My Fourtlh 1810wu) MKove-Mfy LAast MJovo. or Move Off (Life Otd n Axchliect)-Tgo MliQb tf Wgsr, Lgn4g@D 5oaUehtd £cleuit~ Newr Br
SALES BY AUCTION. Furniture, Bocks, and Effect. at No. 1, Madeley Vilag, Vetorla-rojn, ESSRS. ~~Kenrdugtorn. FSRS OSTE3R witU SELL4 by AUCTION~, at Llthe Reeldeace, THIS DAY, the 31St inst., at I. o'clock peeclely, tee FuIIt,IUSf Indlgroeoo raIg-room chairs and sota, baPoll ar ad tle, hat-ed bedrtoo DResWINes nt-o d and L tando suOnd DofGOfssale. Catalogues at the roos an'dgatood. anoster's, OLc Visw.-i3uperlorlY inUUfatactreG Mode-ru FurnIture, 8t CopGit 1'bliantolforlmey-g lrkansme ,Breudnres, rDrsn a0dnd &gre hin ortnaentu anrd iecelesan s eot It o Eeo band = Z a 1L deboards withD will SELtg , bat of RomD ing lboroesh14 reetby5 bomokesow. January 1,n tata 12ote *1s preIel,THtRIge0l eleghan8t lnutlRe DAlllG 110M hUITISS In otobRsn and *tulted bsk,s anedsytand veivet cartoons and centra sotoan en suite, dnerxpegnsiv cabnes caoblentirecard,yn torkn tblree twealn-po nsd otponiso mstanybnolomarigetorp tuliTodorand wAnut, brdPllits pat chliedsegada.ewts ri DdVa ancla ipaE furdnitng aio a In,rin lytped retg, and uaondgencloth wItdrlkes brith Dldr a Borne pdo evtal ard wiDt plaste-let bad wSh eantescoeth marble dopang itig tables 14fediS okaesn, aedeustmalwItemis ofthebo chambeir. owthtouvied scandcaalgehats, Inmsce hIs d Qtteeo's-road, Da_to C ,oo oe;r= Paoorte, a ESSRS. dLLe S a SON aare dirart eby thce cM. Ehe otornlt pOnmns ooBLLb daN prncia bhed chambers No.7 walnute adUpaNihmogURE any, eFRomrlicoprng or-ost, Ador,rablan bond tearIsan beddineg, mardbl-thchp daask and chsnt, Ire tabLed Qapropiterl BaeotPddin,rintsgedial and gehlesens wrdobswit plate- glaedoos, th eve aind GdresWIngdoaws, tbeclta afivnd washstadhll marlseto &ad fortingeser,tae s de uninot,d al Ites of hine bed Chamber Organ, t and Efufeces.an >,1ESSRS. ELLiS and SO aewindote byitha AlbIon Vlluas. Albln-roa, Qt ueen'srad;onlhrda quarterly. May be He Kiward Efoetoo.-1, KeliJe.pes wou.irseL ,beid lrniature Fixtures, UWasixe, and 8toeoCaQtHerAAtaW-oviR TmerW VI BELLJa by AUOTIGNR e8ec~ Onilewm Oliftingee ctiUie leie theEsth lwa alon.T AMenliHOusebntof~~n~, .PeemnoeySal, oderof he ruseesoCMr. TockweIi. mathganth wa4rbe Bueel a doterospts kitcheng reqi,lss,an Vauripouefet, . rou i and in ofsae. atabogdues onhef CeC, ;orof w&sthesod once rs, 28 uty. os tog&be clr, .= a J. oectdv Inarutli romsh orpes uner full Po,sst inbpywxloe B,uarie ts the Martialsn kritean eudm v2, tue desirable Oa ie8wE ,g. 1 of uhe. betaWodmAnoa hpr m es e of Jh abv handsomenwqae aigh mIan Aproacrd Mioor tlcen for a family atheofgo leain AUewinowst beIn oflate.. ren o £ pe anu. PrteuausIndu Watime o Mnesrrc. P'Eath Upo,Utn,adJhsn,th sZolicit on, Authe bea and th M gomred. Teseg. and SR,HU PRE8anofLE hv A.Lrecosled lustructlois toI SELLby AUCTIONa0h,ettartou Frday, January 22, at 12, In two lots, a POLtCy of ASS kLNGNlor £2,00 effected Inla8I4, In the London Idic Alkoclatlon, on. tag Uife e agentemaLn wholes now In his O6th eerj the p onrion of pvofttsboa been aepIlie I. i diminution of the premi um, which at the L,t aclfose vayment was only £11 41 Alsoa£Pollcy of sraofr£10lot NationlPso,vident Ir,stit.on, on the same lls: this tasm r.nbe lY lug eimeomced In 1847, theredueed annual preium. dur'ongblaew five yeez has been £10 Ie. 6d,, buLt the qulnqueancli dLrlelo cC prodat being now due the iAtore par,soet willbe still fuxrtber redneed. Partiouleiusin due time of Mcess. tbcam Uptoe Upton,and John, son solicitors ALustlofelers * at the Mart:' andofks,imHumpbze, and Wallen, 63, old Bood'arert, city. SpenidBrDsis PIn Fleoa lonitn wt rdlSur [~jESSRS. DJOBEi HAM1, BTORRI, and SON' wil AUTO, ttei o ms,xlg.stretotCovent-gslr. den, o FrIdy. Ja. LetII,KZigg eonf zLrM beW , anto Od_Wi-ne doe eins,sill, vevetd fatns ladmings gentleeman's ttre tab endboilenan efets prtth TEsMPeoftw areok, removed 3 an Mrtl. lInsrmeaobfft oee, to.EL LA11E8 reervd fr qatel aLE, cHOrlDla wROERks of set.b ancentandmodrn estrn cuar4lrelioes eamels,ardnes, marbohs alitiqe china, 4 pIanoforte, Iooleand single ardctionghrs vi0iA aceodian, coe'eplnas,fle,10telsopes Old eodo,lite th lreezlKati-7s thuand volumng esrof inoks Kprint, dra ings,adefcs (Jo lIew ct.rn anm; rud H reknteyr And for eurn oiao weedthreIn Homes. # APE,V8SRGs t MO. aondsre TaEMPLE arz te Globe,Gold, smib theo ,Adk3)ro.dIsra, odf Mrk. 36La obs,deeared,oto SiLe.. byAUkCTION at the Mrt,vo ppomltes loa the Bankof ngnd andhsE. inmg oaemulean ho,and fOsrr,ollvateous: and gearde. on w3 Prnes-stree ut5 oneem4 loms-ateo,ld-ltrct. dt.rapodin£00. ver;ternl yetearn;groud roet i.alsoTwobrother- Ro-user an 44nth aeatreor, prokd ucitur£2atsad grfoun en O:es V. ers etce J. OusIE, hnn lie rceivlted iectints, tol, acd LLeadyg t Uxiros T inoRngnthedPromhes, aednoting £ t1 Os.;osna APprteancsy tWow an Johnestdeey Dove-cow, ne 1 arthe Gloe, Go,ld. PrIo ulas ontth raluabe LV nirpemes also FAt the MaTO; anD Meeuu. Teple nd Wndso, soleites; an assnd,Mos ;a n Temle,anct'onnere. 4, Eomfeldetret ity Aalo,Keni etwe Saide todne_~ an of blGe,w-v an De arSing StMOcN, aunitrdn EffeARTs.UBET by ASUL T byEUTON,a one thea 28mies C ad1jQlnin, THe DLYs Bewembry, ta1, an 2fr1 h ednetiare anuay 0,oaml orb I preciselyE le ~the a? de.rpton emovdruh hromes a n&ag hborse an falsoth eff mof cow Mwaryn sfioer cmanfureicare,a goodst leGardoe sn pony chaise, tplough,,qharrows,oandlother,farmng zImalnsente; eltse, the Hoeeol. creelywthout.C. Clenan udrniiue eoe rmCahm Rpendidetl,Gi e ppsoednigare SieSdl,sokofGas ODO. theusualctredton reovdbroa vila a bvm.lote fet trappigs quanetotyom lte,admselneu fet,10du bedinead l glases .Oni onensdy Balticue Cofehus,Roa ocune eluiy wS.thou eev theK o-Remiig ODgO Dua nlenllrandrlllesf tade,omprllntwio eLitmndooperlassepl,e POi. y lI. ac),Othrs wismlleriSELLsbio UCION wlmafactur manufactued chairs.large qanvti-tyrof therchIrsstrunon mahogyany., Catloue hd n he seiss;an a the auctnesoficor, I8 Moorgat.atre1, city To Whleecl Lacenen.Milliers, nd Drpers lodtrs planDrpryGod. n iw hedy rir Sofvage Vineoods on accou t o whom .Itna oneroa. THOMASI FOX will SELL by AUCTION, oil £1.the wrehfw. 9o. Tlhuodsy annayt14 w athi,o 12n tay, valuabe 4.EAtS,5eE adGODILorCRthe odC~ estb ship allodae o0amodoe siewedeunti thehedart oftshet, bandgctaoge had Bbogate-the t,auolotblr' with e,sta3, cBrieops aie.atoreei,ithn. tbi n wU-oel ata H,ert Oreierwofhecadmnist ratr of by deigtint orHengof. h tTJ..thePome 9,ur aindteffect.pin~ one lo.saylbed, ,irou odul btuesdayud4 ud6,Janudrpa5ratc1ulfte1hausefu HOUheODpreiUlen,, codatMprisingbedstad's andbeddn, the Oittmingstorefou Badn hmb. , capes, chimn ,teyad wother lszeed,dinin t tl,saeo hant.eDrawingl enraooms painteObmingy and bothree a rr honmee Betfe doen foef mlte Iroqnlstee, and numerouetems,d xma Dbeviewed hbe. dqay prior,adercfatalhes Shard ongte ptuar andh oftthe Pr uerioeo 1o,hlvc SLEW-Th Leae,gxoodwill,ourucerre, ixntmretead Efto. EDB FXwl ELL by AUCTINatteBlRom N.SQuzi-Ot,ee~ tw moo ifrnsews, onoTu-srdat, Jannay, ,a 2 theorow Jan.L at e puEtASly,and GOODILL GEor h l estpabolished n UoIomodlmaIn cOTlud and TAVEan, krwngrown maste, Vinree,dmost alrentareobl withvedp obl rrIer's yard.toc, and ouna tiablesg, andmagdelngt-htalueit torwopodestrl-toheldfo aln m perm,otgwic anan exteso can be had atandnmedrausdrenalwhich cam.nibe csvered bydsnc porimal'tof the renIng-rooinle off; tosrete wmith thein whoeM ofthe Cvr ADS loungsovre, irateIetrecooandbleffets,e innoneglt. ayble; vlchn-cddaie betweaienb1oad n aegdte 6, wittal.Io sebandspriuashd onmte prmneid mahod atyrKI A'r'baofbfdes,z 4n, dolmnan-tet Bablnk.er osetsb (t,EenTo modem aumIe, incudim ngd hlloat-inbem oca HaniBokaE,RNcEdwitlae doors bo.,AnCIN elg nt tahige roomeSites, Cmne-fiands.othrplasses Cx haarpt, Coins Se7v1e5s sqare 1by oderoc e fthSerfs tthe herp wi rth fomheu Property.lem having exvt.d, th vatuathe EaT Roomsis,N.0,auend streen. mtwodoriasofrom NewOB Cannooumeet,city,To-orrdtow.Ja.1 wath BrS puntuabllyg,and th DeriBgof te iofsperiak ore-made F1Q,'l fetru n- cluinyo mae,espuan.ctsdrawingroomsui te,wovweredchin areves, richly movedoblongIof ,w card,and oQuasiz onaltblnes, tre a mgeulhiucdittoan. boocae,inlidcaints,nolechine gases,lagew u pnile crets, TwoTimwerlfltned pianti, Cprooft CparinisandpoitoLoinge, latediterme diningroom ad libarytfrainitr,Includ ing, sateof cPal,, e Od. heckaldboo rgistredwriingtal,Irmnsbe, mrhandsome SingiOE ~~~~~~ad &ihmahoganyAaabo.e4ajdmshagnscla oe featksernd beds, noble SpanihmAhogiany wige wardrobes, d.chests of deet o end reeine lases,nigtermod bidet, 3 curtains, o, hand Hock ad. baroeter halstad,yoicllot, itche reuisiCOtes, ofewo dory itempin superor ciice frnitue,eianditytof eo d cnul mattngbo. Onyvc mornng o rae, adectalowes thad F r.Pidyadlpot, aralnhalPtr andof he uctoner, 0, onosn-wal e ; n o hesc To Boeukrs. uildrs, nd otePrs.ety HER' ill SLL byAUCTION, oat he. re Pnuylilds Ppla, n Tudar JNGay7 181ud5l, bay are oprng an,cart, fur nd to nweelchaise,dharness,ote conistngof wo upiiequliingmacinm, hre large ying Dditto A ley lare Aemblage of capital eonad hand Furnitue, S exoel. lent cndition.-Grand, Cabinet, aemi-Otage, and Piccolo Piano. fortes by the beet Makers, CbimLey GlSe, PIantincr, SRgravu,, sd numerous useful and decorative Items. .ESSRS. OXENHAM will SELL by AUCTION, i. a, t their Rooms, 33, Oxfordtret, sear the Pantheon, To. morrow, at 11 for Is punctually, a verylarge ASSENBL&GX ot capital eoondhband PURNITUER, Including Arabian, four-post. and secondary bedstesds nd haugings, with bodding ODMIp winged and plain wardrobes, drawers, watstnds, dresing tables. toilet glasss, &,, walnut treo and rewood dra gz3room cbais, conabes snd easy chair lo, card, and fancy tables, chimney and pier LI-es, grand, cabinet 0eri-0ottWe, and picoolo pisnoforte by tho kmaers, sites of cnrtalns, mahogany, dlunig-room, and llbr chiairs, sofas ant ley cbair, st of dining and lbrary tables, book. cases, caetsrt of every decripon, ganllern, china, glase, decorativo Iteom,ethbe domesti requistee, and numerous effects. Msa be vtewed on Thursday nd morning of sale, and catalogur bad. No. 60, SL Paul's eburhywd.-An assm blag of capital ancient and moder Pictres, and four utoned Pianofort wil SELLI, bY AUCTION, as above, Y,Nrs December 51 and 7ollowinday, an aseembl%ge of lin PANTIiiS inloSng b~ehlarno oatS. Catherlue, Van D lck; an InterS3r, Tenicrer; Landscape, Wouvermans; aud othera bR Serruro Both O. Dold GreUZs Bobbo Bergbem P'. Veronewe P. eooel On view. Catlogues as above. N.B. Money dvanced on every d rpton ot proDerty for Immedite sale. The whole of the oectiot the property of the auctioneer. Excelect modern Hoesbold Frn iture, fe-toned Planoforte. JrSSRS. JONES and B01AN will SErLLby M13,AUCOT[ON. at their great Booms, Leloelter-street and Drincee. street. THIS EVENIN~G. at 6 to the minute, HOUSEROLD VUBr_ NITUIE and EFFECTS In great variety, viz, ornament Iron, Arabian, and French bedstea, s four.post, A;rabian press, ans sofa bedsteads, in ahcg!a, bordered soee feather bedsn,thair ao °awy~~~orered t94reaa1a woo matrsse an bddig, arrobs, hetsf drawes WaI-hstandg and and b l ca b ets,m e frn o erDp s bc pgem broke, c ard, aud dining tales, superb drawing scorn suItes in vet and satin, noble.
