BIRTTHS. - - - On tbo 8th April, at lfelboorL e, Victoiza. LBay Earkly, of a son. On the 15th inst., at Cortu, the wieo o, Vere Webb, Erq., 46th Regi. ment,.of aezon. On the 27th inet., at CuUles Hon'e. coanty of Cavan, the wife of lNathanlel Montgouery, Es._ of a. d.u,rattr. On the 27th inst., at Blenheim CDotfsge, S-UthseA, the wife of Goorga MoOwbray, T-q , Paymaster of the Rioyat yacht Viztorla and Albert, of On the 28th noot., at Heavitree, neornExeter, the wife of Capt. Otho Travers, late King's Dragoon Guard., of a daugnter. On the 28th iD8t., at Wlaltonrou-Tbanies, tie wife of W. Oldhan, Eecj., of a daughter. On the 25th inst., at 7, Perabroke-.raa, Renstoaton, tbe wife of H, 0. Downer, Fsq., of a daughter, etillborcr. On tho 28th inst., at No. 8, Mecklenburgh-8quare, Irs. Saffer,y Johntoo, Of a son. On Tuesday, the 28th lust-, at Gotham Rectory, near Keywycrth olottisgbamoshire. the wi!e ot the Rev. JaIneoWiliarn M'laltby,of aeon' On tne 29th last., at Hertford, Mrs. Charles Young, of aulanghter. On the 29th Inst.. the wife of Heony Spencer Perceval, Rsq., of a daueghter. Onl the 28th lont., at BUpper Park road, Colnoy Latch, the wife of 71lr. R. J. Shaw, of a eon. On tho 29th iust., at 7, GlebgaU.terracc, Mrs. Henry Dettmar, of a ton. (in the 29th lust., at Richmond, tho wife of James P. Ley, osq., of a dOttghter. On the 30th last., at 4, Mflneresquoee, Islington, Mrs. John B3idder, Of a ron.
MARRIAGES. On tho 7th Ins.. at St. Janie?es, Ticadlilly by the Rev. J. R. B,ron, Edward Read Evererd. EPq., nf Bury St. Edmulund'. to Caroline, srrngest and only survivig daughter of the l:te Reginald Denny Say, sq,oWeh-ton, Suiffolk. On tho 2ltnst., at St. Mary's, llinsten. by theoRev. Henry Sanders, M.A. Jon laptrte thrd cn o Jaes aikn, Esq., of OakleyQ uan g e Hegentpark, to Mry Eurgal ounget daughter of Thomai On thce27fth fee-t., at i. RcOhelan Crhur('oDhsb. Tlrglhteonn de, b thoRev.hn beth WVard. daughter oftShe lato Mr. I;ichard Spicer. of the sameo On the 29th inet.,st St. Saviomrs, Jersey, by the Very Rev. tho Dean, John Cunninghaml '-Vft:i. Evo.. of 0. MS.'e Wsr Department, son of ioerirett, eldergt suWrVviving dangjeof 'g' berVt 9CrOase,en Thu. of FJersney. On ifbDi;2Sth fIrst, at Mioqtr'i5i;1et by tike Rev. B. J. Harrison an'istted by the Rev. hr; Lloyd. the rector, CeeSI Frederick Efolmesa; ;Esq, ot EMarrovw. to Conesteatla lsouisa. only child Of tho late Thorasa Thompson L,augher, Rsq., of LJeyten, E asex. On the 29th ilnat.. at Pa,,lIesnu. Nrortbabyto shsre,bythe Re, W. H. Newbholt. rttor. tbe rta. le asd liekrnan, eldest son of the late CaDt. Hickman, of Oldswinford. NVoreestershire to Emly Mali anna, second surviving daughterof Ed%wrdRoghurst, Eaq., of Beverley, Yorkshire. On the 29tb tnet., at tho Church or the Holy Trinity, Clondeslt-a square. 1rilneton, byr the Riev. W. Vincent, Inclumbent, Mr. W. Jennuins, of Soinerton ErI, Somsernesehire. io Catherice, second strvising daughter of tl'.e late Thor. Pickford Board, Esq., of the Goewelltoad, Islington, On tho 29th inst, at Bedingtino Church, by the ItRev. Toeeph Fenn, the Rev. Charles Hillyer. a on of the late W. T. Hiliper, Esq.. of Kensington, to EJlen, daughter of Joseph Laurence, REq., of Beddington, fSurrey. On the 29th inst., at the pavh church of St. Saviour's, Sonthwvark, by the Rev. John H. SimpsDon, M.A., t inmbount of St. Stephen's 6uhal,Ge. aase atonRa,of Edinburgh, Advo) cat. t Me-ian, wdowofthelae Rher Sittl,M.D.. of Edinburg, anVieond augher f Ylbola Grt, Rq.,of Seronoaksf, Grace the ArchbIshop of Canterbury, a,nd ha the Rev. elliat MarsbH D Dlnaods,edftesOtwoSitrRgatplhdwAnetru,lher Bart., of B,lcoslcie. NfS to Lonica. odeost daughter ef the Rev. William n box MRarshall, B.i. prehendury of Hereford, and IncumbentoftSt. Mtary's, Brldguo;thr ~~alOp.~ ~ ~
DEATHS. On. tbo 17tb April. at Mlelbourne, Eliz,abeth eln wire of Sir Henary llarblY. K.O.B.. Governorof Victoria, and Fecond daughter of the late a. F. Tera, Eeq. of Hilseld. ABlenbhrn, Hetts. eged 97; and, on the OtbhAPril. Auer Lee Pakingtoo, her inrant aon. On the Sthinst.. whilE bathing In the Conlecticut Iiver at Hanover 3NH., Henri E. aldfttIctt4o of Prefeaoir and bis. HL D. Stowe, or Andover, Mae. Hto wal in Me I tth yeoar, und a Memaber of the ~Freeb. man Class in Dartmouith College, On the 9th tlns, at 2entrn, A ngueta Alnn Yertonsn-, wda, ghtere Hoae Orevalle,tSt Poet-Yi Cbaptain Royal 3ry Bret,, of Jno.owlndayne Eaq.r of t thenlaeMh. Tiounty Crtk,an ldgaeo of2r3 e andStran- On tho 27th inst., at fotleatlog afterne aure ng, ofineammsthoms Macnteer, Eaq., barrthter-Oat-aw.iulc ialny,lbe 2.s wOrn tthNe 27fth mant,, at. 23,ei S 7trnd, *f Me Mary Ves, wido An, a hed 3 nither olf th landt1e Mr TianoXgtby YoaiiJvntea. la Hof 23, St uaand. ua of the bowel, Anne Alice. aged 8 year antd 4 mIonths, the belored child of Willam Charles and Anne Brown, of 14, New Bonod-atreot, London. On the 289 - lnet., atStamferd, Idnrolushire, Richard Knight, draper, k, aged 88. On the 28th teat., at the reridenDe of her brothber.tn.law, at Merton. Sarrey, Loutaja, cecond daURhter of the late Joseph Thaekwray, Esq., of Harrowgate. On the 28th loot., at Staneebilt HTouse, Burton-on.Trent, Mary Prances, tho beloved wife of Tboniaes F. Salt, Esq., aged 33. On tho 28th fact.. Sir Charles Dodewortb, Buit., of Newland-park and Tlbornton Hall, Yorkrehire. eged 8t. It On thie 28th tast.. at hie residence, No. 9. GeorgianA-trecet, Camden Kew.town, Mr. Francis Rtadford. sen., in the 63di Fear of hte ago. On the, 28th ilust., at 32, Upper Hlacley-ptreet, aftsera long linnear, Elleni. the wife of Samuel Greggon, Elq., MI.P. for Lanoet-er, aged 68. Onx the 29tx teat., at?,. Chatham-plaro, Hackrney ino her 82d year. Hiannah,widow of the late W.J. Frdelaan Esq., R'.lt. On the 30th test. at Zro. 4, Kiug.shectk Holborn, AMa Ann. the wife of Mjr. Wan. riday in her Olthyear. On the 30th meat, aLt IS. CaaltonbhlIl Villas, Holloway, Loiasa Emrma, the eldest and beloved dargbter of Danlel MTackenzie, Eeq.. icramerly of Cmaigleburn, in the colony of Victoria. Ithe 19th lear of. her age. on the 30th test,, at Ielingtou.,of rieclihe, agD 37, George Wilkie O.E., eldoat eon of-the late George WilleePI pkteniestegroZW, arna alay-hill, EatSold.
COfZRT QIRCULAR.' OSBORNE, JuLY 30. ter Majesty, accompianiedl by the Prince Consort, rode on Beback yesterday afternoon. .ord Cbarles Fitzroy was in attendance. lis Imperial EHghness Prince Napoleon arrived in Cowves dse early this morning in the Reine Hlortense, and pro- led on to Osborne at 11 o'clock, whero his Imperiai !sDess landed, and was rcreived by the Prince Consort on pler. Hince Napoleon, accotnpanied by the Prince, drove up to House in one of Her Majesty's carrilges, and was received tRer IIajesty, attended by the ladies and gentlemen in bing, at the entrance. (is Imperial Highness remaine on a visit to the Queen, nded bv the Baron do ia Ronbiete, CapitainedeVaisseau,
.lMOVAL OF THY, COvET TO ScoLA-ND.-T4o ,en, accompanied by Prince Albert and the Royal family Lsuite, will leave London for the north on the 24th of :t month (August), travolling by the Great Northern te to Yorkh and thence by the North-Eastern, but it has i yet been deqided by which route Her Majesty will be veyed into Scotland. Her Royal Highness the Duchess Kent will leave the mnetropolis for Scotland on Mond at bv a special train from King's-cross station, whioh = rt at 10.4D a..n, arrive at Hitchin at IL40, Peterborough 12.45, Grantham at 1.40, Retford at 2.40, Doncaster at D, Knoltingley at 3.50, and York- at 4.30. Her Royal ;hnesa will pass the night at York, and proceed to Edingh by the express trAin at 9 o'olock on Tuesday rming. : rHE QUUiS OF THE NETHERLMNDS.-Her Majesty Qoeen of;the Netherlandais expected to arrive in Liveri on Saturday from Mauchester. Her Majesty will stay livernool until Wednesday, when she proceeds to ScotI While in thls neighbourhood she will be the guest of W. R. Sandbach, at Woodlands, Aigburth. ?RiNCs NAPI,1LEo AT ORKt-Ofn Tuesday, after trophies from Sebastopol had been deposited in their apated place, the Prince was present at a d6jenner given by mayor at the City of Cork Club-hotse. The mayor oc-ed the chair. Afterthe health of the Emperor Napoleon been proposed the mayor proposed the health of Prince Doleon. Prince Napoleon, who spoke in-very good English lied as foUows:-" Gentlemen, I am very sorry that I not explain myself better in English, but perhaps I know ugh to communicate to you my sympathy for yoxr coun- (Loud and prolonged cheers.) I had the honour to the glorious soldier upon the fields of the Crimea; I IW that a 6eat many Irishmen were there, and I will ak the health of Ireland, and of the city of Cork in parOar." (Loud and enthusiastic cheers.) Shortly after his berW Highness left the club, accompaniod by the mayor, imenmbers of his suite, and the French consul, and proded to the Custom-house quay, where one of thebeautiful le boats of the railway company was in waiting to receive 1CCID wei HYDE PARK.-On Wednesday Ming, between S and 6 o'clock, when Rotten-row J crowded with fashionables, both in the ride and pnenado, av lady, with a groom behind, was noticed upon -pirited horse. On her reaching that part of the park zr the statue of Achilles the animal shied and plunged, i violently rushed towards the rails, on coming incontact sh which the lad7 was thrown on the ground, the horse fing uponx. her. The groom dismounted and ran to the distance of- his mistress, as did also numbers of gentlemen ,o were inthe ride. She was taken up perfectly insen. ste, and bleeding from her mouth and other parts, She s taken to St. George's Hospital, close at hand, when the Incipal surgeon and the house surgeon were in immediate aDndance upon the unfortunate lady. It is now ascertaed that the lady is Miss Gilbert, No. 1, Lodgotaco, Regent's Park. From the nature of the injuries a) has received there is not tho slightest hopo of her movery. BouTrAeTroN, Thursday.-The Peninsular and CQental Company's steamship Candia, in charge of Captain Xkell, arrived here this morning from Liverpool, where at has been lengthened considerably. She lcaves on the llh proximo for India, aid the Cape. The Ahmnibra, b4onging to the same company, left for London this morn. it, with tho steamtug Aid in attendance, for the purpose eahaving the necessary repairs of her machinery effected. serew steamer Hanburgo, Captain Lagior, arrived from fl)burg to-day, and leaves on Friday, with passengers and c go for the Spanish ports. . T'[E DW:ETLJN OF THE PooR.-The Earl of S4aUtesbnrys Bill for the prevention of over-crowding in thS dwelings of the poor has been brought down from the ThEse of Lords for the assent of the Lower House of Parlisment. The Bill enacts that no house or part of a house shbll be exednpted from the provisions of the Common lkdging House Acts by reason only that the lodgers in such house aremembersof the samefamily, unless snoh familyconaists solely of persons in the relationship of grandfather, grandmother, father, mother, child or children, grandchild or grandehlldre"i; and the onus probandi as regards relationrhip will lie on the persons prosecuted at the instance of the 16o1ce. The Commissioners of Police are empowered to eniorce tha 29thaseotion of the Nuisences IRemioval Act. The .Acb will yel' ply to such parts of the metropolis as are situate wilaun tbie netropolitan police district. THE COxAOE-Lastyear, 1856, there were coined at the Mint 06,159 sovereigns, 2,391,909 half-sovereigns, 2,201,760 fio?tii, 3,168,000 shillings, 2,779,920 sixpences. U5,040 groats, 4,158 fourpeuces, 1,018,298 threepenees, 4,752 twopences, and "320 silver pence. The total value of the gold coined last Y"tr was 6,002,1141., and thateof the silver coin 462,528Z' the ,l cost or value of tho metal having been 434,609LThe copier coinage of 1856 included 1,212,288 pence, 1t042, e alf-pence, 1,771,392 fathimngs, and 913,920 half-farthint,i m4dig a total value of 143,717' 'The purchae value of th O.per was only 733241. Last mararch 2420 71 oaes (I aRi' lr coin was purit sed for rocoinage. at a tominal valaeof th7 550w o d the Mint value at ha. an ounce beiog ok 4naoti ' nos ta or lo by recoinago was 75,1041. i olw httels pETys oiN Epso m Dowrs -We found a shepherd ,ea his idttle bol mading, fal froa any houses or sight of ieonle, the Bible aO hims; so3 mwi the boy readto mei , s-eb6h he did wsto the forcol tone that children usually -read,that wassmi#iy Pretty, AadtheaT did -v hiniSomething and wen.t t the father, " ad talked with hoim anltd I hnd he had been! servant in Pay cousin kepys' hou'se, and told mnewhat w( becomec Of their old servants. Heo did content hlmelrht a i y liking hlis bev's readinaz and did goiv the poost like one of the old' p hatpiarc ight I iny life, And it bronht t hose schthis eti olo of t .orld in hy in for two or tredatr eto notice of his woollen knit atocking lbclusmed and of his shoes shod with irton, betehetoe and heels, and with great nails in the Soles of ie waighty pretty;. and, taking ZO&Oe of h Wy,syte poor-an, "thedownes you ser are fuo tns n we are famne to shoe ouraelvo'I thvs; and ole,"sash,"ilmk the stones fly till tb.' ~i~tfori'Ii ietepo a oehn, ~~o h wsigtythnkfl,an I rid o cstst*f
TRE CIVIL SERVIOE. SUPERANNUATEON AT AMENDMENTBML HOUSuE,Or CPOONS. WZDNESDAY. JTm.v 9X. DIVISION. [The ollownhg Appe&red in our awond edition of yep, terday :-.] - . Uder read, for resuming adjourned debate on amendment proposed to qaestion (23d Jul), " That tho BiU be now ead a second time," and Which amendment was to leave out the word " now," %nd at the end of the question to add the words " upon this day three montbh." Qaestion again proposed, " That the word 'Irow' standl art of the question. Debate resurned. Qaestion pat. The House divIdea:-Ayes, 171; Noes, 111. KAJOy-A. Adair, H. X Pargqmar, Sir M. Mlller, S. B. Adderley, U. B. Fsrgnson, air IL. Mra Arbuthnott. Hn. Gm. XitzGerald, W. B .MrIs, . Asble. Lord. Forster, U. Nap Ri,, Rlght Hon. J. , rree3tup Colonel N apirr 0a Hon.L ee, W. IL Gard, ILBS. a suNewr,i omt Bater, WY. B. Gagkell, T. AL Noel. Hon. J. Be Earlot Gilpi, 0. North, Colonel Feencrft.0. . CG1n. G. G. o'Brien P Bentuk OW. . P (Goddad. A, L. Ogllvr, 1r J Bereeios.d, lie. Ha. W. Greene, J. Pake CaOn ol Berkeley, Hon. . F *lGrenfel, 0. W. P er Berkeley, F. W. F. GrevDle, Colonel F. Paler, . W. Black, A. (hay, Cantaln PoAIl. U. Blake,j. Grosan. B. Pechell, Slr. Br Booth, Sir B 0. Grosvenor, I,ord F. Pevencey, Viount Bowyer, U. Grney. H. RBainam, Viscount Bidg I ir B. W. Guru R dle Bruee, a.-A. Hia Generall, Roberteon. P. F. ]3n%lr air J. Y. A. nito, t ebacr,S BurghieF. Lordt H.Hamton,. Roupell, W. Burrel, 8ir 0. , Hardy, R. Rusell, P. W. BuUri, 0. 8. HEardn M. Sehole eld, W. Caid, J. Hy. LOrd 3. Scl%ter a. Carzed. Sir B. W. slildard, B. a Scott, HCoL F. CharleAeworth, J.0. D. BHdz on, t. N. Scota. Capt. R ChurchIll, Lord A. S. Hope A. 3. B. B. Sheridan H. B, Clay. 3. Howood. J. T. Smith, S{rF. Clifford, H. . HLrf ll. B. P poaner, P. Clive, G. Hudeon G. Stafford, A. Close. U. 0. Insgete, V ssiount Stey. Lord Cobbett, J.7M. InRban, B, Stephenzon, B. Cobbokl. J. 0. Jobratone; Hon H. B. Stuart. Lord 3. Cole Hon. A. JohEcton. Slr 3. Sulliivan. M. Colille 0.B. * Kendl N. Sykes, OlIonel W. HEL Conyagha Lid V. KIg,J . . Taylor, Colonel Corry, Right Hon. H. AnaP Hen. A . Theslger, Sir P. Cotterell, Sir H. G. Knox. Colonel Tloml,on. General Cur. W. Langion, W. G. Trefuis, Hu. 0. H. B. Craufid, B. E. J. Langton, H. G. Varee,3.J Ceo,,. R1. A. ovings, 8tiR Vau.lttart, W. flenisoa,lHooW. fF. IRddel Hun. H (. Verner, Sir W. Berng, Dlr 1:. > BLindsay, W. . d* Wadlnktou, H. S. Die Vero, S. E. Locke, J. Walcott, AdmirAl Disraeli, Rlght Hon. B. Lowtber. Hon. Colonel Warren. S. Dod. 3. . , BLygon, Hon. F. Weguello, P. M. Du Cane. a. yMacartc, G. Wbatman, J. flunbar, StrW. Mit'Cann, J. WhIte, 3. Dundk,, F. Macide. J. , Whlteside, 3. Dunlap, A. IL Makuire. 3. H. Whitmore, EL DDu Pre. 0. G., Mals, B Wicox, B. M0G. Dlutton, Ho' T. H. Mannere, Lord 3 Willyams, E. W.B. Ebrigton, Visconut .Marjorlbanks D. d. Whe .T. A. Blplnratone , S lr 3. Martin, O . W.u Wooad, B. T. Eercondo. J. . lMartin, P. W. Windhamo. H. Ewsl, W. , Ma2nwel, Hon. Colonel TeUers. wart, J. C. Miltes, w. Nss, kra FarohamD, B; B. Mller. .3. Hankey, T. MlINORITY-NOBE. Anderon, Sir J. Grey. B. W. Paxton, S1r 3 Anirnbns. E. Grillith, C. D. PilklngtonJ Ayrton, A. S. Gnrdon B. Poseli.P. BRlnee, lt. Elm h. T. Hackblock. W. P gb D. Baring,Rt.H.SirP.p. idieldT ad . Baanden. Slr J.W. BarInT. 0. EDUl. RlHn. 8traB. Ramlay,l8r Barnard, T1. Handley, 3. BnoseDl, Lord 3. Bass, P. Hardotl' 3JA. nRusel H Blgge, 3. Hatchel, j RuSaell ShrW loaverie. HOn. P. P. Heathooe, Sir W. Smite, J.B Brand, Hon. H, Heathcoto, Hon. G. 11, Smith, Re. Hon. B V. lrlscoe, J. L ZolHley, Bt. Ha. J. W. Smith, A. Bruce, ordret Herbert, Rt. Hn H.A. Some , . Hon. BuDler, HW. erbert, Colonel SirW. 1J Buxton C Holland, E. Staleton, J. 8VU1g. Ron. G. Jackson, W. Thorne, T. eroae Vcount Jermyn, Barl Ttte, W. Cheetbam,3J. Jerrolso, Sir J. C. Trelawny 8trJ S. Cholmeley, Sir L JT. Xeating, ir H. S. Turner, JY. A. Clifford, U. 0. oehaw, 3. Walter. J. Colins, T. Labouche. Rt.En.E. Warburton, Gi. D. Cowr,er, Bt. Hn. W. P. Lnslon, J. H Watkins, Colonel 3. DaveY I. Lei. Rt,En. Sir G. C. Weatern, 8. Davle, Si r H B F. IsRr. art, A. B. Willi m, M. DodIon,3.tC. Lowe BlghtHonB. Williams, W. DanIces1. Viscount Marshall, W, WUWlia, Str W.F. Egerton, W. T. pMtiJ. Willoughby, Sir H. Msew, W. N. Wiloughby, J. P. Bvans, T.W, llUl, . Wilson, A. Fitzgerald. Rt Hn,J.D. Mitchel. A. Wilson, J. Boley, 3. H. MonUtgomery, Sir G, Wlngdeld, B. B. Wood,RIghtHn.8;ir0. F Hi . D Wood, W. NUsbet, B P. Wrightson, W. B. Oarnett, 0. J. Osaorne, 1 Gladstone, lTte Hl, W. Cssulaton, Lord Telers. Gordon. L D. Pet, . Hayter, Rt. Hon.W. G. 8raham .Rn.StrJ. P erscrton, Vcaunt Muigrve, Earl of G ey, Rt. H, Sir G. Fatten. Coloel W.
MILITARY EDUCATION. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-You were so kind last year as to admit Into yorr columns a letter from me on the subjeot of the education of the regimental officers of the army, and I ask you to repeat this favour, because in the debate on Sir De Lacy Evans's motion on military education this very important particu. lar was again very much lost sight of. A great deal w. s sald of those who were desirous of coming into a reg - ment from school, and of those who desired to go out of a regiment to go on tho staff. But for the regimentt I officer nobody appeared to care; yet these form some 59 per cent. of the whole officers of the army. Something, indeed, was said as you put it, "that they ought to Ie strong, capable of enduring fatigue, adepts at single-stick and the gloves, good swordsmen, good horsemen, and abl, to work their way through three or four stidt fences iu rapid succession." To all thig I most cordially aubcribe. Iforeover, they should go through all tho apprenticeship of Aldershott; bat still there is something left to be acquire i by men who on the score of mind claim to be superior to the private soldiers they are destined to lead. I doubt whether young officers sufficiently reflect that all the accomplishments above enumerated may bo bettor done by some of their own men; but, as Moore writes- "Mind, mind alone, without whose genial ray 'Mankind's a wilderness and man but clay," is the peculiar attribute of leaders, and this must be cultivated to makeo them distingauished. Much useful knowledge can be obtained for the officer from books of the great deeds and the great famae of the groat men who have made the profession of arms illustrious. Nay, military men who read may presume to instruct senators that there az more than three or four great military leaders of our own country; and even tho public at largo might be set right when they conclude that England is not a military nation, when in truth, if history is not merely an old almanack, she is the greatest of military nations by the extent and brilli. ancy of her deeds of arms. One word, if you will allow me, in opposition to the opinions you express in favoar of " competitive examina. tions." You appear to overlook, and it was, I confess, equally lost sight of in the debate, that soldiers live in regiments like brothers. To be in eternal antagonism of publio competition would produce ill blood among equals, and give a most unwise prominence to a merit which is only a portion of military excelleuce. Moreover, most officerr can bear witness in their own time and within their owa experience to the mischief accruing to a commander wlo has made himself a butt, or a quiz, or in any snse ridioulous. To introduce a system of competition, which would of necessity depress some while it exalted others, would be to extend this element of depreciation and the blunders of the lioutenant might be remembeced in the lieutonaut-colonel, when some most trying cicumstance0 required that he should be held up to the respe:t and contidence of the men he was co mmanding. Whatever, then, may be determined on bh our rulers for the education of the army, I would urge throagh every public organ the inexpediency of competitive axaminations is regiments; while I am equally desirous o. urging that resimental officers, including even the higheal, should be encouraged andrequired to inform themselves in a knowle4;e of their profession; and every means exists through she department of the Adjutant-General, it that ollicer wal avail himself of them, to bring to the knowledge of tle autho. uties at the Hiorse Guards proofs that officers a)e desirous of informing themselves, and have informed thlmsolves by professional study, in their regimeatal lives. T -m Rit -rnz mnRf, NhPliiYI rrnt. EDWARD GUST , XraMr-GeneraL. I Hlistreet, July 30.
I TO THE EDITOR OF TE1 TIMES. Sir,-The wing of Her Majesty's 8eh Regiment stationed at Aden has been removed to Bengf' The garrison now only consists ' 60 European gunners, a regiment of Bombay Native Infs#1y. a company of native gunners, and a company of nat'e 5Ppers. The Bombay troops have aF'et. shown no Inolination to mutiny, but no one can be artain that the disaffection in Bengal may not spread to ynbay. Aden is so important as a coaling station that oautiny there would at once cat us off from steam eommuntion with Indip, for a company of European Artillery an,, fewofficerscouldnot effectually resist the attack of 1 200 epoy, backed, as they would be willingly, by the Arab *bes. I trust the Commaenin-Chief at Bombay will speedily rectify what I cannoS t consider an error by replacing the R.-rnn (tAlrflYL Yours truly, Axq VLIJ bl?iNUAJM-
LORD NAP d SPEECfH AT CAMBRIDGE, J?lnTED STA'S.-Jud ,lfrom the reporta of the proceedings at the triennial giing of the Alumni of Harvard College on Thursday, an Om the names of the many distingtished persons who l3k prrt in the festivities of the occasion, it mtust have n1 one of tho most brilliant college festivals that has e' been held in this country. We gave yesterday a synopsi of the eloquezit address of Mr. Everett, and we publi,h rday the sparkling poem of Dr. Holmes, the speeth 0f Mr minthrop, and a fall report of the speech of Lard Na5ilthe British A mbassador, which was by no means t e,st remarkable or interesting of the speeches. He in the triple character of the descendant of the great N,ler (the discoverer of logarithms, to whom he alluded in 3Aost gracefnl and h.appy manner), as a representative of Cambridge in Engla nd, and as the Ambassador of Great ritain. With the single exceoption of Sir Henry Bulwer, Itbe official representatives of Great Britain have been practical members of what Lord Napier calls "a silent craft." They have not been talking men. But Lord Napier is likely to make as favonrable an impression upon us by his frank, mnanly, and graceful nofficial speeches as he will by any diplomatic negotiations. Hisvery clever speech at th last St. George's dinner in this city cerated a favourable impression, wrhichwill be more than confirmed by the speech at; the Ca.il 4ge celebration orn Thux day,-Nfew~ Yoi* fi'smss,
THIE BISHOP OF ST. DAVID'S AND THE BURIAZ ACTS AMNDMENT BILL. ' --TO TIM EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-I have read, with feelings of surpried bordering on astonishment, the report which appeared in your impression of yesterday of the debate which took placo in the Hotue of Commons last Wednesday in a committee of the whole House on the Burial Acts Amendmcent Biil That report,. which I have no doubt is, with one remarkable exception, substantially oorrect, shows that the Ronse of Commons, misled by persons on wvhose information it laceda natural and just reliance, has been debating and egislating completely in the dark, and has fallen into a very gross and absurd mistake. To the public it must convey a notion as remote as possible fron the truth. And it places me in a position which no man likes to occupy; for it holds me up to public reprobation as an obstinate, wrongheaded person, " determinedto disobey the law" [Mf. Gladstone], turning a deaf ear to all remonstrances, and for the gratification of some strange whim exerting my power to obstruct one of my clergv in the discharge of his duty, and to entail most serious inconvenience on a populous parish in my diocess. I am not likely to have an opportunity of clearing myself of these imputations in my place in the House of Lords, and I therefore resort to a different and more effectual mode of accomplishing that object, in the confident hope that you will not refuse me a little room in your columns for a statement which will put the public in possession of the re^l facts of the case. I have stated that on this occasion the House of Commons was debating and legislating in the dark. I proceed to prove this assertion. It appearsfromthe report in The Times that " Mr., Massey moved a clause enabling incumbents to bury in burialgrounds certified by the Secretary of State, prior to the consecration thereof. It was intended (he said) to meet the difficulties which had arien2 in consequence of a right rev. prelate refusing to consecrate a burlalground until provision was made for the converande of the incumbenttoandfrom theground;" andof ainother case witfi which Ii have no concern. No w, any ond who reads this must suppose that in the case alluded to, which is that of Swnea, I had been exerting my power for the purpose of restraining the incumbent from doing that which he is villing, !perhaps anxious, to- do, if -heicould only,prevail upon me to consecrate the ground without such a condition. iThe fact is that at the urgent request of the incumbent, to protect him from that which he considers as a grievoushardship and injustice, I have refused to exert my power in manner which would compel him to submit to this hardship and injustice without remedy or compensation. The singular felidty of Mr. Massey's devise for "meeting this difficulty " stamps him at once as ono of the most original of legislators. Mr. Gladstone also appears on this occasion in a new character. For the nonce he takes upon him the part of Attorney-General. Few people know the variety and depth of Mr. Gladstone's private studies, or suspect that, in addition to his other multifarious accomplishments, he has been silently qualifying himself to enlighten the House of Commons on a point of law. He objected to the clause, it Ecems, as unnecessary, because, though I am " determined to disobey the law," I am really bound. by " statutory obligpions," and it remained to be seen whether a bishop could continue to brave the law with impunity. I own that until I read this I had believed that I was only exercising a discretionary power which the law had oonfided to me, and I was strongly confirmed in this belief by language which was reported to have been used when this matter was brought before the House of Commons in the last Parliament by Mr. Massey, who, h owever, may not be quite so great in the science of law as in the art of legislation. I should, however, gLadly bow with due deference to Mr. Gladstone's superiority on every subject to which he applies his mind, only when he charges me with a "de termination to disobey the law," as he then states a fact for which he neither had nor could have a tittle of evidence, I think he takes a liberty which no eminence of ability or learning can ever warrant, and that he has wantonly stepped out of his way to assail an absent man with a calumnious insult. such as a Bishop of the Charch of England would have been rather preparod to expect from Mr. Hadfield than from a representative of the Universty of Oxford. But Sir, this is a very slight sample of tho darkness which hung over the House of Commons throughout this discussion. Every one who reads It, without furtherknowledge of the case, would conclude from it, not only that I have beon coerc ing the incumbent, whom I am endeavoring to protect, but like wise that the question in disputobetween me audthe Swansea Burial Board is whether they shall provlde a conveyance for the. incumbent to and from the ground, and that Iam still refasing to consecrate It until such provison shal be made, and so have con. strained Mr. Massey to task his legslative faculty in order t "ameot this difficulty." It is indeed quite true thast such a,provision was the forni in which, at tho suggestion of the fncumbont, I had originally preposed to procure a znitigatio* -of the hardship which k.--deproadtes- ButF- several months have elapsed since the question took a differentform, in which it is still pending. In the oourse of last March some members of the Swansea girial Boaid, wishing to brlng the unhappy dispnte to a tsrmination, and for that purpose to ascertain the legal state of the question, had a case latd before counsel, Mr. Phipson, an eminent member of the Oxtord circit, for his opinion and advice. Mr. Phipgon, in his opinion, dated March 19, 1357, wrote as follows :-"I am of opinion that the burial board cannot legally enter into any contract to supply the officiating clergyman with a conveyance to or from the cemetery, ortopay the expense of suach convejance; and that thoy could not charge the expanses incurred under such a contict upon the borough fund, or the boroagh rates. Bat I think that the object of the bishop, which seems a very sWasonable one, maybe provided for in another manner,namely, by a revision of the foes payable to the iucambent for the performance of religious service at the interments in the cemetery.' He then proceeds to show how the existing enactments on the subject " seem to him to meet the. difficalty in the puesent case;" and finally observes--" I think, therefore, thal an easy and legal mode is thus provided for eccring to th3 incumbent a reasonable sum to meet the far - tbar trouble sud probable expense which he will incur, and ladvisethoeown-oouucil to revise the interment fees at present payable to the Vicar of Swausea, so as to carry out this view." The gentlemen who had procured this opinion came over t my house on the 4th of ' pril to confer with mo upon it. I stated to them my entire satisfaction with Mr. Phipsof's-proposal for " meeting the difficulty," and, as to the tems of the compensation, I expressed my conviction tb4 the vicar would only require sach as would be thought rensonable and moderate, and promised my consent to those wlich should satisfy him. Thus, so long ago as the 4th of Apri the question had been at in the way of an amieable ai ngement, perfectly sattsfactory to aU parties. And it woznd, n all probability, have been broaght to that issue long Wefore Mr. Massey hit upon his rival plan for n meetingthe difficulty," if it had not happened that many of the lealing members of the Swansea town-couonil have been for several months detained in London on business of the utmnct importance to the borough in connexion with theirnesdocks. Asoecialcommittee, however, was appointed to consider and report upon the subject, and on the 10th of this nouth, as I learn from a Swansea newspaper, at the monthly meeting of the town-council, this committee presented its report, in which it recommends "that the sam of 10)1. Der annum should be given to the vicar in lien of his tees."'In answer to a qnestion put by a memberof the board, themayor ad "thatthevicar had agreed to accept this -am if itmet with the approval of the bishop." That approval, as I have stated, I virtually gave on the 4th of ApriL The final consideration of this report was adjourned, and has been since again adjourned, to a day still to come, in consequence, I believe, of the same circumstances whioh caused the previous delay. And it is this interval of unavoidable suspense that Mr. lassey has selected for the'purpose of " meeting the difficulty" by a new piece of legislative machinery framed for this special object. I am quite aware that Ihave no claim on Mr. Massey'sconsideration or courtesy a single hair's breadth beyond the exact length of his official red tape, and I am far from suspecting him of any improper motives. Bet I do think that the flouse of Commons has a right to complain that, through the absence of that infor. mation with which it was his duty to have furnished himself before he introduced his clause, the House has been led into a false and ridiculous position, and has wasted a good deal of valuable time. Not to speak of his own transcendent legislative genius, the legal erudition and acuteness of Mr. GIadstone, the suggestions under the supposed circam. stances, equally kind and sensible, of his colleague, the vulgar secrarian animosity of the hon. member for Sheffield, tho snore Christian and gentlemanly observations of his brother Dissenter-all this, and much more, was, through Mr. Massey's negigence, utterly thrown away on the fabrication of a bit of sheer nonsense-a measure which, as far as concerns the case at which it was principally aimed, is absolutely unmeaning and nugatory. There is, indeed, as far as I can see, only one conceivable plea wbich Mr. Massey can allege in defence of his conduct-that is, if he could show that he has not erred through indolence or careless- ness, but was misled by persons on whose statements he hi good reason to rely. I hope that ho will not be able to maki goodsuchaplea, whichwouldinevitablyinvolve some oneor otherin the fargraverohargeof fraudulentmisrepresentation, I observed, Sir, that I believe the report of the debate in Tce Times to be substantially correct, with one remarkable exception. I allude to the speech attributed to Mr. Dillwyn, the member for Swansea. Mr. Dillwyn was, of course, fullv aware of all the main facts which Ihavestated and particularly of the recent proceedings in the Swansea town-council with regard to the question of compensation to the vicar. It is, therefore, in the strictest sense of the adverb, morally impossible that, in his place in the Honse of Commona, he can bave said, as he is reported to have done, that " time for consideration had been given to the right rev. prelate in question, anI there was no prospect of an amicable settlement." I trust that he will be able to explain that his words have been so completely miareparted as to convey exactly the reverse of the sense which he really expressed. I must apologize for the length at which I have trespassed upon your valuable space, and remain, Sir. vanr -,n : a. ST. T)AVTYR. Abergwili Place, Camartaen, July 24.
TE.E,SITZ Ok THE ?NATIONAL,04LLNRY.I ine to lowing is the Report' of the Iloya1 Comniseion appointed to detennine upon the site of the Natfiasal Gallery:*- " "We youraJestVs Commnoners, appointed 'to deter. mine the dte of the new Wational Gallery, and to report on the desirableness of combining with It the Fine Art and Archseologloal Collections of the Britfsl Museum,' in obedience to your 3laUesty's commands have deliberated on the matters submit to our inquiry; and having examined many witnesses and consulted the records of the several Commissons and Committees of Parliament which have assembled for the consideration of these and similar subjects, we beg leave very humbly to subbmit to your Mlajesty the following report, accompanied with the minutes of our proceedings, the evidenoe of vitnesses, and certain explAnatory papers connected therewvth. I At our first meeting we were informed thaI one of our colleagues, Mr. Ford was unable, from illness, to act upon the Codmmisdon. 'is retirement reduiced the number of commissioners to five;- nd as the Royal warrant requres that five sgnatures should be affixed to our report we have ,been compelle* to frame a statement to whicxh all of us could agree, and 'wvhich;' therefore, tOuld hardly contain much more than a summary of our proceedings, without the argurnenta andinferences rsaUj~ to be found' in similar "H3aving chosen a chairman, and appointed, as empow ered to do, 1 secretary, we devoted, several meetings to the con. sideration of the effects of the metropolitan atmosphere on pictuare"s and works of arts, and wve agreed to the following oThe evldence hitherto adduced, consideredcolleetively, do'e not lead to *ny decisive conclusion rgainst placing the new National Gallery within the metropolis. "To which words, itwasprojosedby ProfessorFaraday, seconded bz Mr. Richmond, 4o prefix the following,-' That the presence of the National Gillery within the smoke and atmosphere of London involves, from the consequent extra dirtiness and necessary cleaning of the plitures, an amount of wear and tear which would occur only in a mnaler degrie in clearer and more airy situations ;" but- This proposed amendment was negatived by the votes of three of us, namely, Lord Broophton hour, chairmn), the Dean of St. Paud's, and Mr. Cockerell. it We then considered it expedient to direct our attention to that which forms the sec6svd portion of '6ur d'uties, namely, 'To report on'the desirableness 6f combinig with i'theonew National Gallery," the Fine Art and Archbological Collecions of tho British Museum.' We took this course bebause it seemed mnifesdlytindienaable to dotermine-the contents, in order to ascertain the requlred size, and-to know the Eize before fixing on the site of the proposed building. "For this purpose we held two meetings at the British Mnseum, and, assisted by some of the suaperior officers, examined the arrangements,. and, -in a cursory manner, the contents of that great establishment, To guide our judgment in this matter we consulted several eminent - artists, -and had the advantage of referring to two valuable documents, to be found in the appendix;* In the course of our -inquiry, our colleague, Professor Faraday, applied chymical tests to some of the discoloured marbles, and his letter on the subject wvll be appended to this report. " The result of this' pat of our inquiry wis that we came unanimously to the followlng resolution:- " 'That it is not expedient to break up or remove the collections of ancient sculpture and aschteologyin theBritish Mluseumn. This resolution had no reference to the abstract question of unitinsculpture and painting-a combination recolmmended bythe great majorltyof witnesses-but contamed only an answer to the speciiic quostion put to us by the Royal warrant. "At, a subsequent eeting, indeed, Mr. Richmond, seconded by Professor Faraday, proposed to add to the above resolution the followin words:-'That, though the commiSsioners think it undesiable to break up the collsec. tions of ancient art and archaeology in the British Museum, and for the present inexpedient to remove them, they are yet of opinion that the future combination of sculpture wvith painting hould be provided for in the new National Gallery a primary use of which should be to preserve examples of the art of pastages In all its branches, in the order beet adapted to exhibit their beauty and to illustrate their sequence and character.' This proposition the three other commissioners did not think it necessary to adopt. II From considering this matter we proceeded to collect matesials for forming a judgment on the main question submitted to.our decision, namely, to determine the site of the new National Gallery; and on this point we must confess that we were embarrassed rather than aided both by consulting previously recorded opinions and examining many witnesses. For not only did we find,, as might be expected, I a Freat diterSty of opinion, but, in some instances, wwe per- ceived that the same persons, and those of the highest authority, might be cited for opions either totally different from each other or'mnch modified. Two examples of this contradiction' may suffice. The Committee of the House of Commons appointed in February, 184& to consider of the best mode of providing additional' room for works of art given to. the public, or purchased by means of Parliamentary grants. "after careful deliberation unanimously concurred in the opinion, that taking into account-.z "The commanding natare of the site occupied by the present building, to which, perhap, it would be difficult to ind a p4rallel in our own or any otter capital; "I'ts, pcessibility and nearness to the chief thoroughfares and centres of business, which axe fed by what has been describod in a well-knows phrase as "the fullest tide of human existence-, ". " ' Theaids to economy, which, without sacrificing the beauty of effect which a new front and additional height may confer on the structure, would be furnished by the zare circmstance of only one ornamental front being ren3eredcea - from eithe o and hb han rotiiiadng use ofithe who 7e of the prest'interior, due regard being paid to the convenience of the Royal Academy in providing suitable accommodationeaaslwhere - "'Thb space for uarther enlargement, which, in the process of tliie, and concurrently with the exigencies of the collection,'mlght be supplied by occupying the uncovered ground new in the occupation of public establishments, in the rear of the present building; " 'For All thesereasons, without presumingto indicate the reciseyerlod for the commencement of sutch a work, the cternmmatiou of which may be governed by other consider.- ationa, your commaittee would recommend that, whenever it is undertaken, the enlarged and improved National Gallery should be on the same siteas the present,; and for the completion of sch a work, which ought not tohe unworthy of the age, the ocuntry, audIts own destination, they would |gladly see the must eminent talent of the nation invited to compete in designing an appropriate and enduring monu- I Sch iwas the unanimous recommendation of some of .the most eminent members of that Parliament;-t but another Parliamentary committee, composede: nearly of the same members, relying, as it appears, mainly on the repors of commissioners§ who sat a few weeks before to inquire into the 'State of the Pictures in the National Gallery,' on the 25th of July, 1850, reported as follows:- " 'Mati plans have been suggested by architects of eminence with the view of building on the present site a National Gallery not unworthy of the nation. -Upon reviewing the evidence here collected your committee cannot, however, recommend that any expenditure should be at present incrred for the purpose of increasing the accommoda. tion of a National Gallery on the present site. "'Your committee are not prepared to sate that the preservation of the pictures, and convenient access for the pL,uoe of study and the improvement of taste, would not Eured in a gallery further removed from the smoke and dust of London; but being in ignorance of the site that might be selected, thesoil on which it might stand, and the expense which might be incurred, they cannot positlvely re6ogmend its removal elsewhere.' "It wiJ be observed that although the opinion given by the committee of 1848 is positive, and that of the committee of 1850 negative, yet they were not easily reconcileable and afforded us ibut little assistance. "The same may be said of the recorded judgments of an eminent individuaL Sir Charles Barry was examined before the committeo of 1848. He was thus questioned by the chairman, Lord Morpeth :_ 'Simce you were last examined by the committee have you directea your attention to the site of the present Na. tional Gallery with a view of ascertaining the capablities of that building for the reception of additional works of artt' His answer wasi:- Yes, i have, and I am now prepared to report to the committee on the subject.. I amnof opinion that if the site of St. Martin's Workhouse were purchased, an alteration were made -in the form of the barrack-yard, and a portion of Castle-street stopped; if the Royal Academy were located elsewhere, the portico and other pro. jections, beyond the line of the present front taken down, and considerable additions were made to the present building, a National Galery could be obtained on the present site that would be an ornament to the metropolis, and afford accommodation equal to the requirements of the country.or the nationalplcetres for ages to come. I should add, the proposed additions to the present bmilding would have the effect of entirely concealing the frontof it. I have gone very minutely into the subject. and have prepared certain plans and diagrams to illustrate my ?ropositions, and I shall have great pleasure in submuting and explaining them if it be the wish of the comrmttee.' (Answer 182). "The whole tenor of Sir Charles Barry's evidence in 1848 is in favour of the site of the present National Gallery; but when examined by us on the 2d of last April, and his former evidence being referred to, he said, ' I would not hold to that answer now, because I have had opportunities since of examining very carefully the capabilities of the British Museum; 1 have considered also the advantages of the greater centrality of its position, and otber matters which I was not aware of and did not consider when I gave that evidence. My opinion is now modified, and I have no hesitationin saying that the site for the National Gallery, in my opinion, is the British Museum, in preference to that of *Trafaflgar-squsre. II "WsVe have referred to these striking differences of opinion of the Jamneciinent persons atAifferent times, to show the small amountof assistance we have received from consultinUg authoties on the matter in question, and also to suggest, an excuse for any difierences of opinion wbich the minutes of our proceedings will Prove to have exhted among ourselves. And it may not be improper to add that outr difflculties have not been diminished by the fact that our commnission origiates in a difference between a decision ofa cormmittee of the late HIouse of Commaons and a vote of that House itself, the vot in each instance havng been carried by a very' small ajority.nx ++A4AL_£_ _a. - .. --. ' " Aletor from 0. T. NWeton. Eeq ie Colonel Muare, T., oeairmsn Of the 5elect o0mmittee OK the Ational GalleW, I . Aeo a letter. dated the 13th of hl%y la6t, from the same gnUtleman to the libuarwA of the BrIteh MusetuL t " Lord John RBselL sir Robort Peel. Mr. Hame, Vfwmoont Morp,ef Mr. Ioalbhtnr, Mr. B ring Wal, Mr. Chaztei,1 :arl of Linooln, Dr Ben1l'mlhE si Marols of Granby, Mr. Parker, Mr.Wakley, Mr. D'saet. llr. V. ron sse, 8frMr. Banes I " Urd John Hyael!, Sir Robert Peel. tr. Hume, Lord Seymour, Mr. GoAbmin, Mr. Barin Waall, Ur. SIdney Herbert, 8ir'Benjamin }faD, Marquis of Graiiby, MBr. Tatnell, Mr. Waklev. 5fr. DIrraeeU. Mfr. Vernon BSmit, 5fr. Bankee Colonel Bawden. 31r. Hope was enhoti. Mi org. kune, wadr 5RBobert Peel Mied before the elose ot the § " Eir Charlea Eastlke, Pz rorFaradzy, Mr. VWilliam Rur411. t 8ee rppeonzt bS Str Oharl B to the Board4ot works in d4x in Ldtes might be considered worthy of especiaI notice, but on closerexamination wofound ourcholce to be limited to a vey few. lWefeltthatanyencroachmentontho Royal parka would -snetwith generaloppositioun er awnd siiNt aJdthaWt-woiU,7 inour opinion, bemosttndesirable. This convictiohexeluded usalofrom recommendlng the site y ritber,of the Royal PIace, supposng that such a proposal could with propriety be maie, for no suitable structure could ba taised on such a dite withouttoaceraindewrJ-e encroaching on the park., *ither by the building its or by the-requisite approaches to it. A. suggeston was made in, favour of the inner cirele of the Regent's Park by a. witness who bas given mnuh attentlon to the subject,* but our resolution notto advise the erectloa of large buildings on any of the open spacet now u:sd for public resort, as well as objections to the nsture of tlhe soul, induced us to exclude that dite from our fial consideration. "We could not adopt tho proeposalto removo tho national iCtUres to the upper loor of the British Museum, although that Pan came recommended to us by a high authority. "After these and other deductions, for. which we do not -ink it necessary to give detailed reasons in this report, we found our choice, in fact, limited to two sites-the sito of the present National Gallery, sufficiently enlarged, and the Kenslngton.gore estate. "The advantages and disadvantages of. the Kensington. gore estate were stated in full and minute detail before the seelct committee of 1853, and we examined some of the principal witnesses who then gave evideRce on that sub. lect. . - "So far as space for a buading of great magnitude with eapacity for future enlargement is concerned this site is in our opinion undoubtedly to be preferred, and we cannot but conclude that the air must be on the whole less impure there than at ',haiing-cross. Whether it wiU continue to be so w'hen the neighbouring land to the south-west and west shall be covered with buildings andbecoome a part of the me. tropolisn ay by some be doubted. " We ought not altogether to overlook the fact, although it need not! govern our decision, that the choice of this site would occasion a saving to the amount of whatever outlay might berequisito for the purchase of land elsewhere. . "On tho other hand, the site ofthspresent National Gallery is incontestably more accessible-more in the way of aU classes, smd, from long usage, more familiar to them, than any position. in. the. outskirts of the metropolis. The surkssing merits of this site in thisrespeotare fully set forth in the unanimous epport of the select committee of 1848, to whch owebhEve previously referred. And in regard tocapa. city for enlargement, which seems to be the chief matter of doubt, there can be no impediments now which were not known to the .q2gingntpractioal Statesmen-*<whicomposed tbi cahihuitto nd. prepared the report of 1848. "In regard to atmospheric impurities, it is, as has been pkeviously ad nitted, inferior to the site of Kensington. gore; hut additional care, the more general protection of the plcturcs by glss, which is strongly recommaended by some of our more competent witnesses, architectural im- rovements in a new building, andrecent legislation, which nas done much to Purify the metropolitan atmosphere aid may do more, would probably much improve its present condition. Considered architecturallythe site of Trafalgar-square stands by;common conkent without a rival; and the sub. stitution of a building worthy of the British people for the resent edifioe would command universal admiration, and ohonourtot,e age. " It only remains for us to state that, having duly conalderedthe premises, we have decided by a majority of three votes to ore (one of our colleagues having declined to vote) in favour of the site of the present National Gallery. "Wlt.nes3 our hands and seals this 15th day of June, : ~~~BROUGH1rON. " H. IL ltIIMAN. "ME FARiADAY. "C. H. COOKERELTA. "GEO. RICHMOND." 'MD. Aleraader J. B. Beredoid Hops, ?LP.
RAILWAY INTELLIGBATCE. IONDON AND SOUH-W9EsTRv It appe s the directors -of this company have resolved to recommend to the proprietors at thb general meeting onthe 6th of August next that the dividend for the half-year ending the 30th of June last be at the rate of 41. 15s. pei cent. per annum, on the capital of the company. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVERHAMPTON. The half-yearlymeetingof this company was heldatWorcester yesterday, M1r. Fenton in the obair. The report of the directors, an abstract of which appeared in The Times of Monday, was taken as read. The (iRMuN, in moving the adoption of the report, congratulated the shareholders on the fact that this was the first time they had been able to declare a full dividend on the firsi guaranteed stock, and also aome dividend on the second guarantwed stock. He stated that some arrangements had been utade with the Post-office authofitie., but that they could,not be remunerative, although they would contribute to the convenience of the district. The decision of the arbitrator as to the usa by the Great Western of a portion of this copany's line he considered unjust. At t eir last meeting ho had iaformed 'the proprietors that the Great Western (ompany owed this company some Arrears of an account of through traffic which they had niot been enabled td indure them to discharge. Under their Act the 'Great Western Company were required to afford tai~ company eqial accommodation with them. selves at the Oxford station; but this they did not do. It was only aitweek thatthe Great Western refused to book a passengez from Oxford to Wolverhamptoh by this company's rouae. The debentures had all been readily zehewed as they f in- at 5 per cent. during the money pressure, and latterl_ at4per-eenu .Th a n xpIainea unprovedmode ofining debentures whic 'thliscompany had recently adopted, following the example of the Ianea. shire board. Of the 12,0(00. saved in working expenses, 5,0001. had been effected in the 'locomotive department. Several engines which had been put by as useless had been effectually ropaired, and were now in use. With reference to the proposed arrangement with the Worcester and Hereford Company, he stated that that company had been languishing forwant of support, and the work had been stopped for the want of acme 50.o000 The directors of this company had therefore agreed (with the approbation of the proprietors) that, if the New ort, Abergavenny, and Hereford Company would take 25, 0001. stock, this company would undertake to Procure a similar sum. The proposed agreement also went on to 'state that this company were to work the passenger traffici and the New. port and Abergavenny Company the goods traffic for, the first year at 60 per cent. wrekldng expenses, at 55 per cent. on the second year, and 50 per bent. afterwards, t6 the end of aterrm of 21 yoars. If the proprietors thought fit to sanction this arrangement, he thought the result would be that they' would obtain' a large accession of traffic from the South Wales district. An indeFendent company at Cheltenham proposed to make a line of 20 mUes from that town to join this company's line at Chipping Norton, and this company had agreed to work it at 40 per cent. This rute'would save the Cheltenham people on their jounzey to London 34 miles. Ie trusted the shareholders would approvo this arrangement. The Great Western branch to Stratford bad been unsuccessfully opposed by this company, and the Bill had passed, but a clause had been inserted binding the Great Western Company not tppose anarrow gauga line if promoted by this company. eha been asked when the original shareholders might expect a dividend, and he L sitated to set himself up as a prophet, but, from calculations which he had made with Mr. Sheriff their traffic manager, he thought that when they 'had 5,0001. a-week traffic, and their working expenses were reduced to 40 per cent., they might pay all their fixed cbarges and (if they could extinguish the arrears of preference dividends) the original sbhareholders might come into a dividend. (Hear, hear.) Last week the receipts bad been 4,7001., and the working expenses 43A per cent. (Cheers.) Mi. HiR.TRiDGE contended that the information contained in the report was meagre and unsatisfactory, and moved an amendment. Mr. THoRp complained of the passengers to London being dragged all round from Handborough to Bletchley to get on the London and North-Western line, and recommended that amicable relations be established with the Great- Western Company, which company would soon have a moro direct line from Oxford to London vid Thame and Maidenhead. The CHAIAstra?, In reply to Mr. Biggar, stated that the Chipping Norton brauch at present was a losing speculation, but he had been no party to it. They had made repeated attempts to establish friendship with the Great Western board, but all their offers had been rejected with scorn. At the request of a Proprietor, Mr. flartridge withdrew his amendment, and the reporb was adopted unanimously. Resolutions were then pasesd for declaring a dividend of 0 per cent. per annum on the first; guaranteed stock and . per cent. on the second guaranteed stock, and the directors were requested to enter into an arrangement with the holders of the second guaanteed stock for the liquidation of the arrears of dividend. A resoluti.n anthorizing the directors to conclude an agreement with the Worcester and Hereford company, in aecordance with t'ue explanation of the chairman, and to take the neoessary steps for introducing a Bill into Parliament for that purpose, was then passed. The mcetinig was then made speoial to consider the terms of sn agreement with the SevernrValleyX3ilway Company. The resolution for this purposewas adopted. Theterms arethat the Oxford Company shal work the line at 50 per cent. of the receipt-, and give the Severn Valley Company 10 per cent. on traffic brought on their line. Votes of thanks to the chairman and ofEcers were passed, and the meeting broke up. The receipts of this company, including the Stourbridge Extension Canal, from the 1st to the 19th of July, have been 12,20S1. l0s. 6d , ansi the expenditure, also including that of the Stourbridge Extension Canal, 5,30M. 4s. Ild., being at the rate of 43'45 per cent., and leaving a balance of 6,9c.21. 5s. 7d. LLA,\ELLY. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterdav at the London Tavern ; 3r. J. Biddulph in the chair. The secretary read the report, which stated that the earnings for the half-year ending the 30th of June were 10,3021., and the total outgoing charges 7,1721., including 8701. for extra items not likely to occur again. There was a further charge of 9891. for interst on loans, leaving a balance of 2,140L in favour of t.hs5eompany. The preferenoedividends paid since the 30t.h 'i Juxe amounted to 1,1331. The opening of the Llandilo E4ension had produced a, favouralle effect, especially in the pasenger and goods traffio *the addition of ouly seven miles to the length of the railway had resulted in more $lntn double the earnings from those sources. The passenger traf6c,had in the first six anonths after the opening of the extension line exceeded the prospects held out by the 4irectors in their estimate. 'The outlay in repairs of shipping stages and other dock works had been heavy, hat these were nowv approaching eompletion, and would not require so large an expenditure In future half-years. The Vale of Towvy line was progressing towzards completion, anud negotiations for working that line were pending. The capital account showed ehat 309,5721. fd b?ee aceived Lnd 297,036b expended, loaving a balance of1,535 The C moflt othe adoen te e thiatey nhever Oka PmprOved rospeots of the udear, thek lrog o to eatrJ the la.bocr tshtenr heay. n a4usIDc of evral itMS being ch oard t , M1c Utai .Driig the out f rvenu inimproremezats-U-heamin. The n~ei novenue for the half-year, after paylnAg prefer,ene *ousrgee wouldI admit of ~A,dividend o f.1lot per -howe; but, as. they ha iseee' pad a & iwweda 4 the first WI of thegar,thqg op d to n the baLance ovear to.the end of the nexth h eArpt nhe hopedthey'wQJd-be *blo to pay dividendof 3Ds per share6 bexpectGOto.beable to rednox their wareppg e6, t% ill the half-year included the cost io signl 'posts, gates, and other perma nent matters necessay to enAble them to carry oia the psnger traffio,'Izi acordance with the reqnlrementaof tho Boardof Trade. They -hdanumberof old wagons that were not fit to runto6.theirline now in its Improved staoe and they pr6orsed to convert thei4into 4eful.waggonsl an outlay or about 40t. on each, makin them worth 60l. As the oompanv had no capital for the Irrpojss they.pr,posed thot 'shareholders slloul fo6mn, a wag or company, find ibe capital for the conversion of {he old waggons, and then let them to, the iaivwy 'eoniy at 81. 8s per annum, histeaof 101. 10s, I hich wS tJastun they were now paying to otherparties for the useof waggons which at the end of 10 years wcre to become the property of therallwaycompany. Bg this arrangement the company would save 2. . nper numb an each wagon, and the proiaetors who found the mone would get 1O perent5 and their:oney returned at tho endlof the lo,years After sOmo observations from Mfr. Arbuthnot, Mr. Smale, Mr. Fowlerand other proprieto's the report *as adopted; and a resolution approving the Zormatfoniof a gon com.- pany among the proprietors to gaup-y to tho -company the requiite Waggons at a certin rat on certain conditions was agreed to. More tbAhn hlf the proposed capital of 10,000Z. was subcribced by the sareholders present, and the other share. holders were to be solicitedt stbooribe- the yemaider of' the capitil.. Thi5 cordluded the business of the rallway: meeting. .. . ,*, ,;, , ,.......~ . take the nedeseary steps3o rt4~einc,orporation oE theI.lneiieU ^raway Waggon Company nnder the Limited IAaTiility Act, . CO=1jP=PXYM LOFO O W2WG2t-I114WGES TRA.FFI. Ii In the iragraph whbich ap,red fn 2; Stimes of vesderday it was stated that the time 'of transit bet*e&n Lefidon and Mlanchester by the London and North-WesternIlaiway: wrould be brought down to an amnforn average of 4} bouns 'for the 196 miles" It sho,uld have been.."joe 1ige 18'3 LEOMINSTER AND 1NGTON; It appears that this ine was only formally opened en Monday by the directors, and nobusintendpd for puteic traffic, in consequence of the Government linspeotor having made objeetlens to a crossing on the level that ought', according to the Parliamentary plans, to have becen carried over the rai1way by roeans of a bridge. TRA FC R.TURNS. Miles Pas- Moer- Tolal bts4 open. engen chandlee 1867. 18556 Weoke* £ £. J 1 BatlshtNorth&etm . 116 .. - - . ,870 . ,771 Xexcastle,spon.Trne snd Carlwile .. .. .. 1,26.. 1,390.. 3,626 ., 3,45 Week ending July 19. Lancater ad Carlisle ., - .. - .. - .. 7,04 .. 6,783 RdstolandEXxr.. .. - .. - .. - .. 6766 .. 6,920 Lodon,Tilbasy,andSouth. end Exteduon .. . - . ,197.. 211. 2.403 .. .t197 InudomaudBlxkwas i bva- ..1,70. 79 1,783.. 1,85 eAtn,lnlau.. .. - - 2,060 RS Week endgnTubly A0 Mlacahntonat .. ..-.. -.. -2.. 23G..126 Weekending Jly 26. North-Entein . .. 720 . - .. - .. 33,370 .. *-,392 GreatSouthernandWesten (Ireland) .. .. .. t. . - . - 6,576 . 7,477 Momnouthsbhe .. .. 4 . - .. - 365 . %185 Dablin and Wiskiow (In- eludingXlngstown) .40.. _, .. - .. s,c65 .. 3,01s Llanel Railway and Dokc Company.. .. . . 35} - - 570.. 48 WaterfordadUmerisk. 7 - - ,169 1. 1,962 WestTlanders .. .. 75 - - .. 1,Q68 .. 75i ambre and hleuae .63 - - 1,0O4 1,1 Londoudey & Ezmlaitulen 60 ..SU.. . 541 .. 77m Londonder saud Onleraine 38 ....8 - de- - . 4 KillarneyJnmctlon.. .. 41 5. - .- ...4 430 WaterfordandKllEkenny.. 31 - 3 411 IdshSouth-astern 25k - - 260 9 BedalendXeybarn 10 - - 133 Llmeick and Foynes 201 - -.. 103 , 3. Week endlig July 26. Great Wete . . - - - ,57 31,293. Midland .. .. .. 5S71.- .. .. 33,247 . 0,943 IancashireandYorkshlre. 3 - .. - . 57,752 , 26,277 Eastm Oounties, Norfolk. andEastemlnlon ... 489 M . - .. - .. 2,163 2. 7, 611 EastLancalroet' .. .. 93 .. - .. - .. 7.166 .. 1,61 OxfordWorceater,and Wet. verbampten? .. .. P3 .. 1.9381 2.352 .. 4,74 7 .. f,OS,Z idland GrestWeteran (Ira. l .d) ... - .. - .. - .. 3,23t., 3,531 Birkenhe4d,ancasblrc] and ' Ched JuBnctcin 2 - 3- .- . . 2t3 ScotthCentral .. - . - . - ..563 2.8W Shrew4bs " B tirnl . , 7 DublnanlDrgbDlS ..63 ..-. - 1,623 1,675 DnbbnandlrelfactJmnctoa 66 .. - . 1 - 19 416 Antwerp andRotterdam .. - .. - .. -. . 1,087 .. 1,083 Sh"padrreTninon .. .. 39k.. - .. - .. 833 .,- 817 DandalkandEnnidlden.. 35 .. - .. - .. 10 .. 443. Week ending Juby 23. NorthBrltah.. .. ..149 . 3,95.. 2,703 5,913 .. 5,8SS * The trafio thlis week reprceents 489 miles aminst 417 of l t year. t The recelpt for mereandlse trafio are ubiab4ed ater deduct. lyD, geeky, the balanco on the Leeds and Bivopoo 1an Le * The arnou°nt publihbed for Midland Lcl Loop Line tmSeo for both ieeerissnet, and not gro_.
THE CORN TRADE. MANCHESTER, JUL-rC. - O With a few flas of rain dnee our last roport. thb weather. theog less forcing tban previously. has been of a favourable chasoter, and hsrvest has conmenoed this weekin seeral early dh-tyebi. The flour trade hasammed a somtewhateteadier toiie, and. altbough the demand ha3 continued to be liritod to the uPDi of the imme. diste wants of puroasee there has been no lurtaer reduction in rioes. lipriog corn and oatmeal baTo ruled hm inn ialne. At lAvero I the imports of foreign wheat and barley are to a ulteraleritont,but onlymoderato of Indiaa coun andflour. From Irelandfthe arrials of-oats are fair foe the peiod of tho Year, and There was about an average attenance at ourarlet this orning, and a firmer feeling was apoarent in the trafte Woe*t, bath3 nlish. and American, conmmandeef lloll r~osprioes bntwbee so alixvace wsas insisted on it crecked salt. Jiour was tken mnovetf eel, at fully te currency of this da7 re'oueht. Beasu werel JR erqerter, and oatslid. to 2d. per 451b. dearer. Oatmealwaswl-bou~ainge.a LEOISTOL, Jurr 32. Tbe weather eentnfneaevesy floe. ,*s On our m3rket -oday we bad a goo3 suPplyP Er 12ish wheat priwa- Enrbego ReaD h f o awthUy oDtetorain thies WtAeg full snoprted. In OGtsantdbetas there I hlattlie sng 4t un5 altered GLOOESi]Et, Jrir<.y -9. inmoe onr last wve have had refrealing showvers ofs rain. osucded by bourhoodnutdtrmoett avourable auspices i h I Tbeowbeatttade has assumeda omewhat steaier tone, and previoHs prices re s.boutruppDted for both Engah ana foreign. EnrleY is les sought after, and m some insances a aecline of Gd. per quarter ?use b^eu mublaitred to. With slihtly ienoed supplies Of Oat, the demandislanguid, anl pDrios re the turnlower. Bleans 2ull as dear. GLASGOW. Juns 29. We hbae bad rain aily sinoo last wee. with aoooler itmosPbe,e. Tbhe cupplWe stwse and from rLand keeD small ; foM abrO . by the C4as. they casisted of 5.785 quarters of wheat, tRisog wtth 1,522 barels ct flour trom Montreal and 3 brrslaot fonr frousNew Vork; vil Gmaugemonth of 1.472 gnaters t vheat, 63 quarters of barley, and 172 sacks of ourf rom the continent. Theoewas rather score artivty duirg sheweek andh a frmerfelint. This des's .atrketwaswaell attended by town and cOuntr bay Native s wone as foreign wheat rlized an advance oifully f A per 24hlb, for useful qealities, and bird olr as much: Sack fl3ur with. out change. Earlew was rinaltered. Oats were in fair dimnud at an ImproTement of 3L to 63. per 26slb. oatmeal sold moro redib t prevlousates. Beansandpeas Wore the*= doerer. Tn lVEST.-Harvest is progressing most rapidly. The crops are lare ana. lhevy. Wheaut arm remarkable for the length and squ;Lreneps of the ear. OatS in many plices are already housed.. Some large breadths of barleyare cut in good condition. Peas and beaus are abundant. - Tho opa are ripening so fast that it is difficult to decide which field to begn first. If tihe weather lholds fine for 10 days the bulk of the harvest will be over, and by this day week msny samplesvilli have been laid on the market tables.
PARUIWNTARY INTELGFmE. IIHOUSE OF LORDS, THURSDAY, JUI.Y 30. Their lordships met at 5 o'clock. Petitions were presented by viscount DUyGANOX, from the clergy of the rural deanery of Ellesmere in the diocess of lolihfeld, and by the Earl of Powis, from the clergy of the archdeaconay of Salop, in the same diocess, praying that they might not be com led to perform the marriage ceremony in the case of divorced persons; by the Bishop of CrIEsvTER, from clergy in his diocess, against the Divorce BiLU - by Lord COLVIxL, from a place in Fifeshire, against the iunaoy (Scotland) Blll- by Lord MONMEAGLE, in favour of establishing a uniform syStem of weights and neasures throughout the country; and by the arl of SHrEsisBuiY, from the Guild of Masters and PiLots sea- en of the Trinity-house, Hll, against the Mersey Conservancy abd Docks Bill; and from Rhynie, in Aberdeenshire, forzrestrictions on dram shops. INDIAN AFFAIRS. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH.-When the noble earl epposite read some extracts the other evening, from information which he had received from India, and laid upon the table certain papers on the sabject, he stated that if the in. formation which those papers contained should not be sufii. cient, he would consider any suggestion which any noble lord might offer on the matter, and would willingly fall into any recommendation that might be made. There is one most important paper which is not contained in the doca. ments that have been laid before the House-namely, the proclamation of the Governor-General of May 16, in which, on the part of the Government, he declares in very strong terms-so far as I remember the purport of the document as it appeared in the newspapers-the determination of the Govern t to adhere to their former practice of not interfering with the religion of the natives. That proclamation is alluded to in a letter from the Court of Directors to the Governor-General, and the Court of Directors express their hope that the effect of that proclamation, -which they adopt in all its parts, will be extremely salutary. That proclamation has not yet been produced; but I apprehend that there can bonoobjection to laying it upon the table. Before the noble lord answers the question, I wish to recaU to his recol- ebcion and to that of the House that so far back as the 28th of January, General Hearsey communicated to the Governor-General that among the-Sepoys there was a report that they were to be forced to embrace the Chrlistian faith. On tho llth of February, again, General Hearsey says, "We are on a mine ready to explode ;n and yet, the cause of danger being the apprehension on the part of the Sepoys that the Christian religion was to be forced upon them, it was not tiU the 27th of March that tho Governor-General in Council agreed to a general order, nor was it tiUl the 31st ef March that that general order was read to the troops at Barrackpore, on the occasion of disarming the 24th Native 3egiment; and that general order only went to the extent that the invariable rule of tho Government of India had been to treat the religious feeling of all its servants with respect, saying nothing whatever of the future. Then came the proclamaation of the 16th of May, which was nob issued until after the affair at Meerut. I fear, therefore, that the salutary effect which the Court of Directors anticipated from that proclamation will hardly be attained. But allow me to call your lordships' attention to two or three circumstances connected with the papers which have been laid before the House, showing, as I maintain they do, the ineffioient manner in which the government of India has been admiaistered. I find that on the 21st of January at Dumdum there was a very strong feeling among the Sopoys that it was impossible for them, consistently 'with their religious prejudicees- -as we should call themor persuasions, to use the cartridges which had been provided for them; and on the 22d a correspondence commenced on the subject. Eight different letters are written ,with respect to it, and four days are allowed to elapse before the Government of India at Calcutta become acquainted with that most ominous event, the dissatisfaction upon religious grounds of the Sepoys, which took place within eight miles of the Government House. The Govermmenb then began to act. Three more letters are written, and two days more elapso before It is communicated even at Barrackpore that the objection of the Sepoys is removed, and a"other day, or nearly another day, must elapse before that communication is made to the Government. On the 28th of January General Hearsey complains of what he considers an improper order, given by the officer comsanding the 53d Regiment, at Fort Wiliam, to the officer commanding the wing of that regiment at Dumdum, and an explanation is asked for from that officer. Eight days elapse before the explanation is received; nine letters are written, the officers being 'within a mile of Govern. mcnt House the whole time, so that in one hour the whole explanatior might have been given and received. Again, on the oth of February a very Important and menacing event occurs at Barrackpore. The Government are not made acquainted 'with that event until the evening of the 30th, four days afterwards, the distance between Barrackpore and Calcutta being 16 miles, which might have been got over in a good gallop. The Government did seem rather astonished at this, and asked how it happened. A sort of explanation is given, for, says General Hearsey, "I have no means of communicating anything to the Government; I have no mounted orderly, no express camels. I must always write by the post, and that leaves Barrack. pore at the most inconvenient hour of 3 o'clock in the afternoon." It is in that way, in a time of danger, that business is conducted, when there are the means of sending half-a-dozen mounted men from Barrackpore to meet half-a dozen from Calcutta, and of thus conveying despatobes in the shortest time possible. Does the noble earl, does any one suppose that if Lord Wellesley or Warren Hastings Lad been there these things would have taken place I know what 'would have been done. The officer at Dumdum would have written his official letter, but he would have got into his buggy, would have driven to GovernmentHousE in an hour, weuld have seen the private secretary of the Governor-General, would have been taken at once to the Governor-General, 'would have seen the military member ef the council and the Inspector-General of Ordnance, the Governor-General 'would have set off at once to Damdum, General Hearsey would have been directed to meet him there, and the whole thing would have been arranged on the evening of the 22d, and In the presence and by the order of the Governor-GeneraL If this delay between the 22d and 29th had been avoided I know not 'what would have been the effect in India, especially if the s - cions of the Sepoys had been removed by the presence oft Governor-GeneraL All this correspondence may look like business. It may be very agreeable to the Court of Directors to receive every now and then a very large packet and a great many letters. They may be pleased to see the zeal and indusBtry with which their servants in India discharge their duties. But it is perfectly impossible that any Government can be conducted m times of danger if it be carried on in the manner exhibited by this correspondence. It shows me, and I regret it, that the Government of India is not conducted by the Governor-Generalin Dereon -that it is in the hands of secretaries and clerks; anld if it be left in those hands you may depend upon it the conzequences to the public service will be of the most serious character. I notice another important fact in these papers. I think it is impossible for any one who reads them not to come to the conclusion that the objection of the Sepoys to the cartdges was one really founded on religious groands. I rejoice that it does so appear, because, although undoubtedyi in the first instance and at the present time their mutiny, arising from that cause, destroys the confidence which we have hitherto placed in them, it does not preclude the revival of that confidence under more favourable circumstances, when their minds have been brought to a just sense of the real facts. (Hear, hear.) We maust endeavour to disabuse their minds, and to satisfy them not only that the Government never did, and that it does not now, but that it never will, interfere in the smallest degree with their religion. (Hear, hear.) In the meantime, no doubt, it is out duty to Eut down by our arms a armed rebollion in the field. But A must say that a mutiny arisin; from such causes is, in some measure, to be pitied while it is condemned. (Hear, hear.) My lords, that confidence we must in some manner restore. I feel satisfied that, take what precautions we may, it is impossible for us to carry on the Government of India unless we can reestablish our confidence in the Sepoy. Our efforts must be to restore his confidence in ns; and I do hope that at no distant time we may again rejoice in the possession of an army on whose fidelity we can rely, as we have hitherto relied on the native army of India. (Hear, hear.) My lords; there are many mattors arising out of the telegraphic communication reerveidyesterd^ayuponwhichl amverydesirom of offering an opinion. But I think, considering that in all probability 'wo may obtain further Information by this time to- morrow, it wil, perhaps, be netter to postpone my obsarvations until then. Earl GRANVILLE.-I am unable to explain why the proclamation alluded to by the noble earl was omitted from the printed despatches; but I am quite sure there can be nx0 objection to furnish it. With regard to the criticism Passed by the noble earl upon the mode of conducting businese 'in India, of course I cannot pretend to such authority on this point as ha possesses. Bat of this I am clear, that vhether at times of crisis or not, the publio service could not be performed if the Governor-General -was in the habit of moving about the country, neglecting his own proper duties at the centre of Government in oder to support the authority of the Commander-in-Chief, and to remove what appeared to bo the suspiions entertained by the native troops. As to the statement just made, that the Government of India is now carried on by secretaries and clerks and not by the Governor-General, I am truly at a loes to know upon what it is founded. I can only say that all the information I have received leads me to believe that the Governor.General is watching in the most vigilant manner everything which is taking place. And what is better even than the assr. tions made by a noble earl well acquainted with these zmatters is that if I bave seen one I have seen a dozen letters from different parts of India written by persona most competent to judge, who one and al, without a single exception, say that Lord Canning hm rlsen immensely in the estima. tien of the whole European community in India, and Is regarded by all as having proved himself fully equal to the emergency. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of ELLEWBOROUGH-I drew my conclusions from the papers on the table, and from those alone. Drna dum is only eight miles from Calcutta, and the whole thing might have been arranged4in an evening drive. The Duke of ARGYLL-My noble friend, owing to the pressure of other business, has not perhaps been able closely and critically to examine these despatches. I took some pains to look into them this morning, and my impression certainly is that the noble earl has very much exaggerated the importance and extent of the delay which took place on this occasion. On the 22d of January Lieutenant Wright, the officer commanding this small firing party at Dumdum, first reported to his immediate superior, that there was nob a mutinous spirit, but a feeling of uneasiness among the men. Major Bontain reported to General Hearsey, who was at Barrackpore, and he reports to the sunreme Government at Calcutta. He suggests to the Governor-General that the men should be allowed to purchase their own grease in the bazaars-that the cartridges 5hould be served out without any grease, so that the men might be perfectly sure as to the ingredients it contained - and he further suggests that as the feeling seems to be increasing amonq the men the Governor-Genetal should telegraph to the stations in Upper Indisa, recommending that the same measures should be taken there. Well, my lords, on the very day on which that letter was received Lord Canning returns an answer, desirin General Hearsey no longer to issue greased cartridges to the men, bat to allow them to purchase their own grease. Not only that, but he telegraphs instantly on the same day to the Ad3utant-General at Mecrut-the very place where the mutiny snbsequently broke out-and also to Umballah, as far as the electric wires extend, ordering the same precautions to be observed there. In all these proceedings a delav of four days only takes place. The Governor-General is known to be a man of very active, businesslike habits; and I must say that in asserting that ths Government of India is carried on now through clerks and secretaries, the noble earl is making a very unfair imputation, and is doing something-although I am sure that is not his intenton-to diins the power and authority of the Governor-General at a most difficult crnsis. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGFLAllI referred to was the manner in which'this correspondence seems to have been conducted, and the delay which took place. The communi. cation was made' from Dnmdum on tho 22d; three or four letters passed. General Hearsey's letter was written on the 23d, the letter of the Governor-General on the 27th, and It is not until the morning of the 28th that General Hearsy receives permission to do that which he recom. mended in his letter on the 23d. The probability is that the contents of the Governor-General's reply were nob known at Dumdum until the 29th, but certainly not until the 28th. And I do think that that delay, the stations being only eight miles apart, is one which ought to have been avoided by any Government under any eircumstances. Lord PANMlURE observed that It was all very well fer the noble earl oppo,ite to say that business should be done as rapidly as possble, but business, and especially military business, should be always done in order. The proper and usual course had been pursuedl In the case in question. The interruption of the usual course of business 2n the manner suggested by the noble earl would be very far from an improvement. TheEarlof ELLENBOROUGHsaidtho noble baron would I find that under the present system. letters had to be written I by eight different persons before anything came to the' knowledge of the Governor-GeneraL REFORMATORY SCHOOLS BILL, The House went into committee on this BilL Clauses up to 11 were agreed to with verbal amendMerits. The Earl of CARNARVON said he had prepared clauses to prevent the evils and inconvenienceS which would arise from the association of children of different ages in reform-. atory schools. The ma nagers of reformatory schools objected to receive under the same roof boys of 9, 10, and 11 years of age and young men of 19 and 20. They disliked to receive boys, indeed, of a greater age than 14, and thus boys between 14 and 16 were practically excluded from the benefits of these institutions, The effect of his clauses would be to extend the age of admission from 16 to 20, but not to alter the age of detention. The second clause would prevent boys of different ages from aSsociating with each other. Reformatories were growing up for the senior class of juvenile offenders, and they were greatly wanted. About 25 per cent. of the offences against property were committed by young persons between the ages of 16 and 2L Great allowances ought to be made for these youthful offenders, because they had arrived at an age when the influences of home were at the weakest, and when the temptations that surrounded them were greatest. The consciences of offenders of thisclasswerenothardened,andthelrmindsweremoreimpres sionableandimore easilyinlluenoed byklndness and exhortation than at any period of their lives. He did not propose to establish adult reformatories, which was a question of a different character, but only to make some alterations in the internal arrangements of these reformatorles. The noble earl concluded by proposing the clauses in question. The Earl of AREROWBY said that the reformatory system had been somewhat misunderstood by the noble ear. Reformatory schools were voluntary institutions, and the managers being aware of the inconvenience of admitting young men to associate with the boys frequently ref used to admit those who were above 16 years of age. It might be desirable that the doors of reformatory institutions should not be shut against young men of 16 and upwards, but the managers of reormafory institutions coald not be compelled to admit them. It could not be said that young men of 16 and upwards committed crimesin ignorance of the lawv, and the prison arrangements of well-managed gaols were expressly framed with a view to their discipliine and moral improvement. The clauses were after a brief conversation negatived without a division, and the Bill passed through committee. The Boundaries of Land (Ireland) Bill and the Glebe Lands (Ireland) Bill were read a second time. REFOR;ATORY INSTITUTIONS BILL. This Bill was, upon the motion of the Earl of CARNAi. vox, withdrawn. PUBLIC WORKS (IRELAND) BIL. This Bil passed through committe, as did also the foUowing bills:-The Turnpike Acts Continuance Bill, the Banking Bill, and the Industrial Schools BiL The MilitiaBallots Suspension Bill and the Public Health Act (Aldershott) Bill were read a third time and passed. OUTRA.GES TO SCRIPTURE READERS. Viscount DUNGANNON, in parsuance of a notice which he had placed on the paper, rose to present a petition which was very numerously signed by inhabitants of the arish of St. Nicholas without, in the city of Dublin, and by the ministers and churchwardens,praying to be protected from mob violence, and that their ministers, scripture readers, and school children, mlght have awarded to them the protection of the British law, and that magistrates and the police force might be compelUed to an impartial discharge of their duty. In presenting that petition he wished partoularly to call their lordships' attention to certain outrages which had been committed in that locality by a Roman Catholic mob on Tuesday evening, the 12th of Ma last. On that evening a Roman Catholic mob hadnot onlyinsulted but assaulted a number of persons who were going as teachers to the Protestant school,andamong themwere many ladies of the highest respectability; and yet, when the police were called upon to interfere, they not only declined to do so, but by their gestures they appeared to encourage ihe mob in their lawless proceedings. Not only were those persocs assaulted in the streets, but houses were attacked and windows and furniture broken. Now, the persons thus treated stated that they did not bear any ill feeling to their Roman Catholio fellow-subjects, but they conslder that they have a right, in the performance of their duties, to enjoy the protection of the law; for, if it be otherwise, they state that Reman Catholic emanciltion may end in Protestant thraldom. The minister of the parish was constantly impeded and annoyed, and apparently without the power of obtaining redress. He regretted having to present a petition of such a nature, but it was still more to be regretted that equal justice was not within the reach of al the inhabitants of the sister island, and it had constantly been observed not only that the constabulary neglected their duty when the matter at issue was between Roman Catholics and Protestants, but that in similar casesPRoman Catholic magistrates had adopted what could not be considered a due or proper course. If the Roman Catholic population were entitled to have schools for the teaching of their religion so were the Protestants, and he could not help expressing the oplnion that the time would ere long arrive when neither the Government of Ireland nor the Legislature of this country would be able to turn a deaf ear to these complaints. He hoped that this matter would be seriously taken up by Her Majesty's Government, and that meanswould be devised bywhich an end should be pub to these proceedings, and thePrrotestants of Ireland should have secared -t-o tlhe-m t-hat--w-hi-ch-e'ver-y British subject had a right to claim-the free exercise or their religious worship, without being exposed to molestation, to injury, or to brutal assaults. Earl GRANVILLE said, that those who had only heard the speech of the noble viscount would form a very erroneous impression as to what had taken place. He would not trouble their lordships by reading the papers which had been put into his hands, but he could assure them that much blame attached to both the parties which had been concerned in this unfortunate affair. Both sides had accused the poliee of partiality, both had professed to desire peace, but both had insisted upon having everything done in their own way. He denied that the Government had at all favoured the Roman Catholics. A considerable number of persons were taken before the magistrates and punished, and the Government acted with the fullest determination to keep order and to prevent outrage. What was more, their efforts were entirely successfuL This riot was suppressed, and nothing of the kind had occurred since. He denied that the Protestant Association represented the Protestants of Ireland. He had no doubt that the members of that association were actuated by Christian feelings, but the language they used was not calculated to promote charity. In their last public document they with great modesty coinared themselves to the ApostlePaul, and the Roman 4&tholies to heathens worship. ping an unlmown God. This was not the sort of language which should be used by persons anxious to promote peae and goodwilL He must remind the noble lord who was so active in bringing forward these cases, that while the Government had no difficulty in auelling this particular riot in Dablin they had had great trouble with most serious riots in Belfast, which had owed their origin to those Orangemen of whom he condescende4 to be the patron; and he thought that the noble lord was one of the last persons who ought to charge the Government with persecuting the church of Ireland. Viscount DINGANNONsaid, that the noble earl seemed to think tat a) the blame of the Belfast riots rested with the Orange population. Without giving any opinion as to 'who might be most blameable in that matter, he would only state that as grand master of the Orange lodges in the county of Antrim it was his invariable practice, when one of these anniversaries was coming onto issue a circular cautioning the members of those institutions to abstain from anythiDg which might lead to a breach of the peace or to the viola. tion of the law. He was the last man who wouldencourage anything like bitterness of feeling towards persons of a dif. ferent creed to himself, and, never having been a Inembsr of the Dablin Protestant Association, he was not answerable for any expressions which they might hAve used. He had not charged the Government with persecuting the church of Ireland, but he did think that in many instances Protestants had not obtained the even-handed justice to which they were entitled. Their lordships adJourned at 7 o'clock.
HOUSE OF C OMMONS, THuESDAY, JulY 30. The SPoAKl took the chair at a few minutes past:L2 o'clock. ELECTION COMMITTEES. The folowing members were sworn at the table to serva upon the undermentioned election comnmittees :_ Beverley (Borough).-Mr. T. W. Evans (Derby, S.), Mr. J. R. Foley, Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow Knox, Mr. S. B. Miller; chairman, Mr. J. Abel Smith. Sligo(Borough).-Mr. J. W. Dod, Earl Jermyn, Mir. John Martin (Tewkesbury), Mr. J. B. Smith (Stockport); chairman, Sir J. Yarde BnUer. Dablin (City).-Mr. Ayrton, Hon. H. B. Datton, Earl of Gifford, on. Francis Scott; chairman, Mr.T.E,Headlam. CASHEL ELECTION. The SPEAKER acquainted the House that be had received a letter from certain petitioners, *ho had complained of an undue return for the borough of Cashel, stating that it was not their intention to take further proceedings upon their petition. POLICE (SCOTLAND) BITh The House having resolvod into committee, the consideration of this was resumed; and the several clauses were gone through, some ameendments being adopted. On the proposition of a new clause to exempt the horses, &c., in the service of the police from toll, Mfr. MACKIE opposed the clause, as he thought that there were too many exemptions already. Tho Committee divided, and the numbers were- For the clause ... ... ... ... 58 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 0 The announcement of this unusual result occasioned considerable merriment. The clause was then adopted. A new clause providing that police assessment should be levied for the purposs o the act having beern read, Mr. STIRLING moved an amendment, to the effect that the tenant and the proprietor of lands should pay equal portions of the assessment. He thoaght the itenaut should C liable to this paymeAt, as the establishment of a police was quite as much for his benefit as for the benefit of the landlord. The LORD ADVOCATEl said that the proposition did not appear to him to be of very much importance; for the landlord would In the end have to make an allowance to the tenant for the payment. On the whole he thought it best to leave the clause as it stood. Colonel SYKES conceived that the amendment would only tend to complicate the matter. If the burden were thrown on the tenamt, he would have to make an arrangement with his landlord for the repayment. Sir D. ])UNBAR supported the amendment. By the Bill power was given to boroughs to consolidate with counties for police purposes. In many Scoteh boroughs the assessment wss eatirely levied ou the tonant, and, in the event of con. solidation taking place, the entire burden would by the present Bill be taken oR the shoulders of the tenant and thrown on the landlord, unless the amendment were adopted. After some further discussion on this point the committee divided. The numbers were- For the amendment ... ... ... ... 16 Against it .. ... ... ... ... 57 Wority ... ... ... -41 The clause was then adopted, Upon the proposition of a new clause, enabling Her Majesty in CounciL on representation to burghs, to arrange terms of consolidation with counties, Sir J. OGILVY proposed an amendment to omit the latter part of the clause, maldng it lawful for Her Majesty, with the advice of her Council, to vary from time to time the terms of consohdation, for the purpose of inserting the following words:-" But it shall not be lawful for either party to alter or put an end to such consolidation in the manner hereinbefore provided till after the expiring of two years from the date of such consolidation." The committee divided, and the numbers were- For the amendment ... ... ... ... 12 Against it .. ... ... ... ... 79 Majority ... ... ... ... -67 The clause was added to the Bill, as were also several other new clauses, and the House resume d. NEW ZEALAND LOAN GUARANTEE BILL. Mr. LABOUCHERE moved the second reading of this Bill. Sir J. TRELAWNY trusted the House would be informed why this country was asked to guarantee a loan of 500,0001. to New Zealand. Of thai sum 120,000Z. wereto be approprlated to purposes connected with the colonial debt - 200,0001. were to be paid to the New Zealand Company, and 180,0001. to be applied towards the extinction of the rights of the natives in their lands. With regard to the natives, he thought this country was not dealing with them in a st-aightforward manner, for they had been induced to give up theirproperty for a mere nominal price upon promises which had not been kept. It was trae that a committee consisting of eight members had reported in favour of tbe Bill, but he must observe, without wishing to question their desire to act ustly, that three or four of them had been connected with the Colonial-office, or entertained feelings of interest for the colony; and the only witnesses examined were the permanent under-Secretary for the Colonies and the Prime Minister of New Zealand. This proposed loan was in fact nothing but hush-money, in order that all discussion about past transactions might be put an end to. The amendment moved in the select committee by the hon. member for Oxfordshbie, for the purpose of reducing the loan bya sum over 100,0001., satisfed him that at all events a certain portion of the money ought not to be guaranteed by the House. It was true that the Bil had been recommended by the Colonial Assembly, but a portion ofthe assembly did not assent to that recommendation, and this absence of unanimit7 was a reason, among others, for delayingthe consideration of theBiltillanother session, He proposed as an amendment that the Bill beread a second time that day six months. The colony of New Zealand could obtain the loan in the money-market at 8 per cent., and he did not see why the British Government should, under the circumstances, guarantee a loan with respect to which it was anything but oerain that the security was good. Mr. W. WILLIAMS seconded the amendment. He could not conceive why, in tha present pressure upon the finances of the country, the Govermment should give this guarantee. Mr. LABOUCHERE said that the purpose of the Bi was to enable the Government to guarantee a loan of 500,0001. for the colony of New Zealand, and thereby to assist that colony under the financial difficulties in which it was involved to effect certain important political objects. He ad. rnitted that the proposition was one which that House ought carefully to consider, but there might be cases in which the country, with no cost to itself, might affordlimportant assistance to a British colony by lending its credit to enable the colony to raise moneyfor objects imperials well as ooloniaL The statement that the colonv of New Zealand could only raise money at 8 per cent., whereas under the guarantee of this country it would obtain money at 4 per cent., must not betaken as a proof that the colony had not resources to pay the debt; for it was not to be expected that a new colony, whatever might be its resources, would find its name stand so high in the money-market as that of a country like England. The propositlon to guaramtee was no new priuciple, but had been acted u n at several periods, as. for instance, in the case of Can and the West Indies. When he assumed the administration of the Colonial-office he found that the noble lord the member for London had written a despatch offering to recommend that Parliament should guarantee a loan to New Zealand to the amou-t of 200,01,, in order to enable that colony to wind up the long and complicated affair which had arisen out of the relations between&the New Zealand Company and the colony. The answer to that proposal came to him, and was to the effect that the colony had declared by its Legislature that it did not think itself justified in accepting it, if confined merely to the object mentioned; that the settlement of that affair would affect only a portion of New Zealand, and that the object of the loan should be enlarged and made more generaL Consequently, the Legislature of New Zealand passed an Act authorizing a loan of 500,0001. instead of 200,0001. A guarantee for the loan of 500,0001. was therefore asked for by the colony. He felt it his duty to look mosthearefully into the subject, and he came to the conclusion tat the reasons given bv the colony for the extension of the loan -were good and valid; but before he submitted the matter to the House he proposed that it should be examined into by a select committee. Something had been said about the composition of that committee but when he read the names of the committee it would te seen that it consisted of members on whose Ludgment and independence the Rouse could place reliance. Besides himself the members of the committee were,-Lord J. Rnssell, Lord Stanley, Sir J. Pakington, Mr. Ad. derley, Mr. J. A. Smith, Mr. Henley, and Mr. Wise. The fact that Mr. J. A. Smith had been connected with the New Zealand Company and Lord J. Russell with the Colonial-office constituted no reason why they should not be proper persons to consider a colonial matter. (Hear, hear.)i He had attached much value to obtaining the assistanceupon the committee of two members of the ability and acutenes3 which distinguished the noble lord the member for Lynn and the right hon. gentleman the member for Oxfordshire. The noble lord's naune.did not appear in the division npon the amendment moved by the right hon. member for Oxfordshire, but In a letter the noble lord assured him that he approved of the guarantee to the fuU extent proposed, aud with respect to the riglit hon. member for Oxfordshire, though he objected to the guarantee as far as part of the sum was concerned, he did not dissent from the principle of the proposition. The comimittee looked int-o the question of ecurity, and it was qmuite plain that unless the colony should be guilty of a gross breach of faith It must have abundant means to pay the debt, the Customs' duties yielding 100,0001. a-year, and the land fund 80,000L. He believed the proposed guarantee was most essential to the interests of the colony of New Zealand, and that the loan would enable it to place its financhl and politcal affairs on a substantial footing. (Hear, hear.) I MEr. Gfi~PI& supported the Jamendment, observing tha the true polioy of this country was to make the colonies independent as quickly as possible. Mr. HEY rose, but, it being 10 minutes to 4 o'clock, at which hour, according to a rule of the House, the morning sitting must be concluded, the debate was necessarily adjourned. INDTA-ANSWER TO THE ADDRESS. Lord CASTLEROSSE (Controller of the Household) appeared at the bar, and read Her Majestv's answer to tfie address of the Commons on the affairs of India. It was to the following effect:- "I thank you for your loyal and dutiful address, and for your assurance of cordial apport in any measures which I may consider necessary for the suppression of disturbances ln lndia, andfor thepermanent establishment of tranquillity and conltent in that impcortant portion of my dominioni." The sitting of the House ws suspended at a few minutes before 4 o'clock. The House resumed at 6 o'clock. PETIONS. Petitions against the Divorce Bil were presented by tr. B. HIoPE, from Sheen and Bowling; by Mr. LYGON, from Leigh and Bransford, Worcestershire; by Mr. BEACH, from the rector and inhabitants of Strathfieldsaye; by M.Er. TRErusis, from the ratepsyers and inhabitants of the parish of Chittlehampton, Devonshlir; by Mr. ROUPELL, from the clergy and ity of St. Marythe-Less, Lambeth; bv Mr. R. Psssurs, from lay members of the church of England in by General CODRINGTON, from the rector and clerev ofwoolwich; by tMr. Du CaNE, from the clergy of t e rural deaneries of Saffron Walden, Colne, Yeldham, and Hatfield Peverel. in Essex; by Sir F. Xmtr.y, from Little Glenham, Suffolk; by Mr. G. LANGTON, from the parish of Charlton Mackerell, otherwise West Charlton, and from Charlton Adam, both in the county of Somerset; by Mr. Mrns, against parts of the Bill, from the clergy and laity of WestbrMy-on-Trym, county of Gloceater; from the ina. bitants of Kingwestn; from the clergy of the jurisdiction of Glastonbury; from the clergy of the raral deanery of Axbrldge; from the clergy of the deanery of Chew; from the clergy of the archdeaconry of Bath, aU in the county of Somerset; by Mr. CLAY, for alterations in the bill, from clergy of Hall; by Mr. SCemmER, from the clergy of the deaneries of Norwich and Tavenlam, praying for an amendment in the Bill, to pravent clergymen being compeUed to marry peraons divorced on account of adultery. Petitions were also presented-by Sir F. KELLY from the Wesleyan congregation, Bo St. Edmund's, to compel the observance of our treaty with the Emperor of China to put an end to the monopoly of the East India Company, and the lllegal trade now carrled on in opium; also from Thomas W liamBudd, of Bedford-row, Middlesex, on behilf of the trustees of an estate at Paddington, against the Ecclesiastical Commission BiM as it now stands, and to except the Paddington estate therefrom, or to restrain the commissioners from dealing with the reversion thereof, otherwise than by way of endowment to an archbishop or bishop, unless under the authority of a special Act of Parliament; by Lord F. CONYGH1I; from the grand jury of Ennis, for a revision of the tenement valuation for Ireland; by Sir H. F. DAVIn, from Haddington, against the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) ill, and from Haddington, for alterations in the Polce Bill (Scotland); by Mr. BAxTmR, from the magistrates and town. council o Breohin, against the PolIie (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. PILEGTON, from 2,000 inhabitants of Blackburn, praying for inquiry into the causes which impede the application of British capital and silU to the improvement of the productive powers of India; by Mr. HEADLAx (2), from Newcastle-upon-Tyne, against any alteration in the clause giving general jurisNdition to the loyal courts in testamentary matters; by Mr. HOPE, from 3aidstone, in favour of a more systematic training for the masters of private com. mercal schools; by 31r. COLVILE, from Wirksworth, praying that literary institutions may be exempb from local rates; and from Ashby de Is Zouch, in favour of medical reform ; by Mr. L. KXMNG (2), from the south-western district of the metropolis, praying that the new bridge at Chelsa may be free; by x. DALGLrsg, signed by 69 of the leading firms in Glasgow engaged in the grain trade, against the Bill for uniformity of measure in the sale of corn and other grain; by Sir J. OGIIVY, from the magistrates and town-couneil of the Royal bugh of Dundee, against the Valuation of Iands (Scotland) Bil; by Mr. G. CAVENDIS, from tho guardians of the Chesterfield Union, in favour of county nnancial boards; by General CODRIIGTON, from millwrights and engineers of Greenwich, in favonr of opening museums and similar places of instruction on Sundays; by Mr. BUCHANA, from the parochial board of Barony parish, and city parlsh, Glasgow, against the Lands Valuation Bill, Scotland; also, from the parochial board of Baronv parish, and city parish. Glasgow, against the Assessment (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. W. EvART, in favour of theEurghs Boundaries ill, from the provost, magistrates, and town-counctl of Sanquhar- by Mr. WALDRON, from grand jurors of the Soth RiQtng of the county of Tipperary, praying that the cost of tho revision of the general valuation of Ireland may be borne by the departments deriving the chief benefit therefrom; uy Mr. BIGGs, from the women of Leieester (in public meeting assembled at the Town-hall), in favour of the Blll of Sir E. PERRY, for securing the property and earnings of married women; and by Mr. MmEs, from the Clutton Union. in favour of county financial boards; and also Clutton Union and Treut, against the evils resulting from beershops; by Mr. CAmPBELL (3), in favour of the Poor Law medical officers; by Sir J. ANDERSON, from the magistrates and town-council of Inverkeithing, against the Lunatics (Scotland) Bill and the Police (Szotland) Bill. Sir J. RAMSDEB brought up the first report of tho Council of Military Education, which was ordered to lie upon the table. On the motion of the Earl of GINFF0RD, a return was ordered of copies of a despatch from the Governor-General of Inidiain Council, dated the 4th day of September, 1854, together.with its enclosures, and of the reply from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, relating to TEE SLIGO ELECTION. Mr. SOMERS asked the Chief Secretary for Ireland whether he had received any information respecting the recent trials at Sligo arising out of the late elections, and the systematic exclusion of persons professing the Roman Catholic relUgion from the juries empanneled to try tae traversers. Mr.. HERfBERT stated in reply that his hon. friend bad rather assumed, by the wording of the question of which he had given notice, that a system of exclusion of, Roman Catholis had existed at certain trials arsing out of the late election at Sligo. He (Mr. Herbert) had written to Ireland for information, and held in his hand a copy of a letterfrom Mr. Todd, Crown Solicitor for£the county of Sllgo, In which that gentleman distinctly denied that any such exclusion had exLsted. He said that the jury had been origin. all empanneled to try a case which was not a poMtical one and that when that case was disposed of the accused haZ been asked if he had any objection to the jury in the box. No objection having been made, the trial proceeded in the usualrmauner. There had been no contrivance or manazemnent whatever in the empanneling the jury, and he (Jr. Todd) was entirely ignorant whether the members of it were all Protestants or not. STATE OF THE THAMES. rx. ADDERLEY asked the First Commissioner of Works whether he had any plan for the prevention of the pestlential stench which came every evening into every window on the river front of the Houses of Parliament; and whether there was any power to enforce better trapping of the drains, or a removal of the deposits of bones and other refuse on the opposlte bank; or whether legislation for the purpose was necessary; or, if there were no redress, wheo ther any plan had been snggested by which the stench might be shut out of the Houses by closing up all the windows on the, river side, and admitting air from another direction. Sir B. HALL replied that the drainage of the metropolis was not under the control of his department, bat under that of the Metropoltan Board of Works. Since represenrtations had been made to him as to the annoyauce caused to members and officers of the House by the stench from the river he had been in communication with Mr. Goldsworthy Gurney, and he had this morning been informed by that gentleman that the stench came from the open mouths of the sewers, and that the whole neighbourhood was infected with It. Some hon. gentlemen imagined that the stench proceeded froma beneath the floor of the House, but xr. Gurney stated that it was entirely attributable to the abo rninable state of the sewers and of the river Thames. There was, however, another cause of the nuisance. MrGurney said in his report of to-day:- "I am informed that the great Victoria sewer going up Parliament-street has lately broken in somewhere about Whitehall-yard, and that all the sewage which used to go through this large sewer was forced down the Bridge-street sewer; that late y, in order to empty Grosvenor basin, they passed the waole of the water and mud down this small sewer. The result was the ' blowing up,'J as it is called, of the trapping at themouth of the sewer. This fact has considerablvaugmented the pestilential state of the atmosphere of the rnver and the whole of the neighboorhood." Hie (Sir B. Hall) had communicated these facts to the Metropolitan Board of Works, and he hed every reason to believe that they would take steps to abate the nuisance. There was, however, another great source of annoyance in the offensive trades which were carried on upon the opposite bank of the river, and he wished to call the attention of the House to what took placo In 1855, when a Bill was introducedwith theobject of suppressingnuisances in large towns. Under the provsions of the Bill for the Removal of Nuisances, which was referred to a select oommittee, and which was reported to that House on the 9th of May, 1855, ample power was given to local authorities to suppress nuisances arising from trades emitting effluvia offensive or injurious to the health of the inhabitants of the neighbour. hood. By section 28 local authorities might proceed * galnst parties on complaint of any medical officer or two legally qualified medical practitioners; and by section 29, in case the parties proceeded against should object to the jurlsdiction of justices in petty sessions, they might enter into recognizances and go to quarter sessions. There was also another clause, section 31, imposing a penalty on the local authorities If they did not proceed within 14 days to abate the nuisance. The bone boilers and others opposed, and in committee of the whole House the clause relating to offensive trades was alterad. The clause with reference to quarter sessions was struck out, and parties were compelled to take proceedings in the superior courts; the course of proceeding was renderedmuch more difficult, and the clauso imuosig a penalty on local authorities vwas reiected. Thi conHequence was that the public were now completely [ In the bands of the local authorities. Nowr, that was bow the cas stood at present, and on looking at Hcnscn-ci that j cereing hie found that his hion, friend wFho had put thisj cated it was, he should contesid, imposible with justige to say that they woee in favour of the measure b4fore the House. (Hear, hear.) There was LO good reason, then, why that measure should nehurTiedthrouphparliaent.-uniesP, Indeed, that which was to be founa in the crcumstance that the Goveraunent were anxious to be able to point to its enactment as one of the fruits of their labours at the close of the session. (Hear, hear.) Everybody must feel, considering the period wrheR Parliament assembled, and considering the vast amount of busi nees wbich had to be got througb, that no discredit would bo reflected uosthe vornment if this measure was not disposed of durmg the present session. Everybody was aware that next week a great number of members would be absent and if the Bill wer persted in the details would be disonu8ed in comimittee vrith very few members present. HEo should feel bound, therefore, for the same reasons which had induced him on a previous occasion to vote for postporinF ^ the consideration to again record a gimilar vote. (Hear,hear.j There was another point, also, which referred to the Bill as a whole, whichwasworthyof consideration. TheBillbyitstitle claimed to be a measure to deal with the law of divorce in Enugland. Now, if there was any one subject on which legislation should be imperial, that subject was the law of divorce. (Hear, hear.) It was the fashion to talc of the groat advantages of imperial legsl'ation, and yet upon a subject regarding which it was of the highest importance that the law should be uniform-namely, the lawr of divorce, the first timue the House of Commons was called upon to deal vith that subject it was proposed to legilate for England alono. (Hear, hear.) At present there was no proposal before the House to deal with the law of divorce i Scotland, nor did ho gather from the Government that it was their iutention to mtroduce one for that purpose. Now, the podtion of society as regarded this question was very different inlrelandfromwhat it was inEngland,because inIreland the proportiou of Roman Catholics was so large that the feeling which existed in that country against the dissolubilty of the marriage tie was extremely strong, and he wanted to know if marriage was to be made dissoluble in England, was the same princile to be applied to Ireland? Then, again, witth regard to :3cotland, he believed that in that country marriage might be dissolved not only by reason of adultery, but for other reasons, such as abandonment by the husband. Now, if the subject of divorce were dealt with at all it ought to be dealt with wholly and entirely, and upon prinoiples applicable to the three provinces which formed the empire, so as to establish for the empire one uniform law. (Hear, hear.) For his own part, he thought that in that respect the Bill was ill-concelved, and beUeving, as he did, without reference to any of tho particular clauses which it contained, that the principle of which he complained could not be by any possibility amended in committee, he should feel it his duty to vote against the second reading of the Bill. (Hear, MIr. HATCHELL said that the present Bill proposed to afford a cheap and oxpeditious modo of procuring a diolution of the marrlage tie, and he should like to make a few observations upon the subject of extending it to Ireland. Now, in the flist place, as far as Englanld was concerned, there did not appear to him to be any very urgent call for any important chango with regard to the law of marriage and divorce. (Hear, hear.) There did not appear to ea any great cal for the alteration now Vroposed, although some particular portions of the law affecting marriage might be in tho higheEt degree objectionable. Whon the AttorneyGeneral referred to the law of niarriage in this country being a scandal in the oyes of Europe he could only have referred to the paricular action for damages for cr1l minal conversation, which was no doubt a great discredit to our jurisprudence; but because that particular action was a scandal did it appear that in order to remove It it was neceary to undermine the very constitution of the law of marriage? (Hear, hear.) The subject was one so closely connected with religious topics that it was almost impossible to discuss it without reference to the Scxiptures thomselves. It would, he admitted, be objectionable to take as aguide for present leglslation the strictwords of anylawwhich was laid downinScrlpturewithreferenceto marriage, or to any other obligation, but at the same time that House was boundto legislate upon the spirit of the Christian religion. Tbere was another ordinance which we observed not in accordance with the striot letter, bat with the spirit of the injunction to keep holy the Sabbath day, for In point of fact, our Sunday wras not the Sabbath day; bui no one would ever think of introducing a measure to compel the strict observance of the Jewish law wvh regard to that ordinanco. As regarded the principle of the present BIl, ho did not think that the dlssolubility of marriage was in accordance with the spirit of tho Scriptures, and he certainly objected to making a divorce any easier to be obtained than it had bitherto been. (Hear hear.) The House ought to consider 'whether the facihty of divorce ought to be increased, or whether divorce ought not to be abolished altogether. For himself, he could only say that if he had it in his power he should be glad to support a measure to render divorce iDegal, and he fully believed that to facilitate obtaining divorce was calculated to produce enormons evils. In the year 1798, in the House of Lords, the then Lord Chancellor, Lord Loughborough, had brought forward a now standing order to render more stngu ent the power of granting divorce. Upon that occasion Lord loughborough complained that Divorce BiDls were passed as matters of course, and expatiated upon the laxity of manners and morals which had of late years gained ground in the higher ranks of sodiety. In the Same debato tho Bishop of turham said that at the root and bottom of most divorce cases was coUusion between the parties. (Hear.) This took placeo only four years after the revolution in Franoe, when by a decree of the Convention marriage was declared altogether abolished. It was at a time when France reveUed in infidelity, when gross recklessness of morals prevailed in that country, and all regard for religious ceromonies was set at nougkt. It was not to bo wondered at that with the infection spreading and divorces portentously increasing the House of Lords took steps to make the law more stringent. It was because he believed that by affording any increased facilities for divorce they increased the desire to obtain divorce that he chiefly objected to this Bill. (Hear, hear.) He could proudly refer to Iraland, where the greater proportion of the people were Roman Catholics and the celebration of marriage was considered as a saorament. They never heard of any outcry in Iroland against the indissolubility of marriage. They never heard of internal quarrols in families, of their suffering under a worse than Egyptian bondage, of cases in police offices of wives and husbands 9uarrolling. Tlhe people were convinced that, once marred, it was utterly impossible they could ever be divorced, and to that cause was attributable the happiness of Irish homes. (Hear, hear.) When the Irish peasant girl came to the altar to gledgo her troth to her husband she dismissed from her mina the reflection of the possibility of their ever being disunited, the same as when a novice, exchanging the white for the black veil, completely put aside all thou hts of returning to the busy and pleasure-loving world. (Hear.1 If they increased tho facilities of divorce they woul have, in the course of time, an enormous number of increased divorces. If they once passed this law they could never go back, but must continue in the same course, however terrible the evil which would flow from it. If it were once found that marriages could be dissolved with ease numbers of persons would enter into the state of matrimony with the doetstable intntion of committing a crimo forthe purpose of dissolving it. He called upon the House to pause before they passed a Bill which was exceedingly likely to prove disastrous to the country. (Hear, hear.) Idr. BOWYER said this Bill cane before the House with the retence of justice and fair play. It was pretended that st was a poor man's BilL No doubt it would bo conceded that if divorce were lawful according to the principles of religion, and not prejudcial to the interests of society, it ought to be equaly open to poor and rich. But if this were a poor man's Bill, it was rather remarkable that petitions signed by many as 90,000 persons should be presented against the Bill, and none In favour of it. There were petitionsfrom RomaniCatholaes and'from Protestantsof all denominations in condemnation; but he had never heard of any petition in its favour. Ho believed it would not turn out to bea poor man's Bil. The right hon. gentleman the member for Oxfordshire with characteristic acuteness, had pointed out that while it pretended to give a cheaper admi. nibtration of justice it abolished a number of local courts which brought justice to the doors of persons who resided at a distmco from the metropolis. The machinery of the Bill was exceedingly ponderous. It seemed a strange thing that, whereas a single judge could hang a man, it took two chief justices and a judge in ordinary to grant him a divorce from his wife. He doubted whether, having regard to the machinery of the Bill, it would provide a cheap remedy. But, supposumg that it did, there -was a preliminary question to be decided, whether the divine law allowed of any divorce a i-in -,ulowhether the divine law allowed the bond of marriage to be so broken that the parties might marry other persons, The question had been debated in anotherlplace. - They had tho eishops of the established church divided upon the subject. Four of them declared against divorce a vlcsle. One of the ablest pronounced a speech which had been unianswored nd vwras -manswerable. (Hear.) A large body of the English clergy declared that divorce a vinulo was contrary to the Christian religion. As he had said once before, they were treating their church very badly. He did not belong to their church, but those who were members of it acted very inconsistently i . - AM no t ths th c m t consider this great question, It was a theological question, andl yet they were askedl to deal with it as if it were more oerdinar-y legislation based onx temporal principles. This 'was not a Winding-up Act. It 'was not a Bill for establishing partnerships with limited liability. It was not a Bil for rendering more speedy and eay the dissolution of partnerships. It was a BI involving the very foundation of sRocietyU and theftzndarama ploipja of the divine law. That was the question which the Hoese had to decide, and a very deep and solemn responsibility rested upon them in its decson. It ought to be fuly discussed and patiently considered, and every argument that could be adduced ought to be oarefully weighed. He shotld not say much upon the effect on society of facilitating divorcee, but ho would refer to the speech of a person holding high judicial office in Prussia, pronouncea iL the Chamber, and giving an account of the awful consequen' of facilitating divorcel in that country. That gentlemani ave instances of people who ha exchanged wives, and ofl an agrecnent by which a wife had been sold, a rioh single maan guaranteeing a large Sam to the usband upon the understanding that a divorce shoutld be obtained, and that he should marry the married woman. He might be told that in Prnussa divorces a vincslo were allowed for more caues than were contemplated by this BilL That was true, hut if they facilitated divorce for adultery to tho eitent proposed by this measuireIt would soon be urged that such divorce ought to be granted evenl in cae -where adultery had not been committed. If they once broke in upon the salutary prinoiple alike of the common and of the eccleslastical law of England they would not know -where to stop. They would give rise to aa universa immorality. Lord Stowell, intho casoOf "Evans V. Evans," said that divorces a meniid e fdtoro were granted only in extreme Cases, and that the necessity of persons remainin husbands and wives obliged them to be more or lees good husbands and wives. Persons knowing that they could uo' be separated performed their matrimonial duties better than they would do if they thought they could get rid of the obligations of the state of matrimony. These reasons went nearly the wfhole length of saying that marriage ought notto be dissolved at alL The hen. andlearned gentlessnanthe Attorney-General said that for th last 150 jeara divoroeg v(mv2no had been allowed, and that this Bill only provided a cheap andeasy mode rf obtatiningthem in the place of anexpeasive and inconvenieut one. Let the House take a plain oomraon sense viewof theniatter, andthley wouldeeethat there was no soundness in this argument. Itwas truethat;piv!ikawere in particular cases paseed to soparate nan aud wife, but these being pa.sed proved that the commaon law prohibited divorcea. These divorce Acts did not alter thejurisprndence of the country, and were not incorporated into it. What the House was nown asked to do was to remove a landmark of tho law, to alter the jurisprudence of the country, and to introduce Into It the now doctrine that the judicial power could dissolvo marfage and enable persons to marry again. Among Roman Catholcs there was no doubt as tt the indissolubility of marriage. His hon. and learned friend had read one of the dogmatic decrees of the Couieil of Trent, which some hon. members who did not distinetly hear it, or wore not zeady with their Latin, might have thought declared marriage to be dissoluble, and auiatheuiatized those who'said itwas indiesoluble. As, howvever, that was not the case, he did not know why his hon. and learned friend had read it. He should be quite willing to be bour l by decrees of the Council of Trent, but as he was addressi,. an assembly consisting chiefdy of Psotestants, he woildl appeal to no authority but one whioh was equally sacred to both Protestants and Catholics. He wvould base his argurments uponthe words of sacred Scripture, and would show fromn them that marriage could not be dissolved by any huian authority. It might be said that that House was nota pla,m for theological arguments hut if it undertook to decide questions which dissolvedthe bivine law it must not refuse to hear that law discussed. (Hear.) There were in the Scriptures four passages which bore upon this question; one in St. Mark, one in St. Luke, and two in St. Matthew. The words in St. Luke were,- ' Whosoever putteth away his wife and marrieth another committeth adultery; and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from herl husband committeth adultery." I St. Mark tbce passage was,- "And he saith into them, wvk osoever shall put away his wife, and marry auother, committeth adultery against her. "And if a wvoman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery." These passages taken by themselves declared that marrIage could not be dhsiolvid at all; not even in tho cne of adultery was an exception allowed. They were norroborated by several statements in the epistle of St. Paul, with which ho would not trouble the House, but with which hon. members were no doubt acquainted. There were two passages in St. Matthew bearing on the question, and it was contended that those passages contained an exception to the general rule laid down by the other evan. gelists. That exception, it was alleged, allowed divorce in the single case of adultery. The first passage was as follows,-" But I say unto you, that whosoever shall put away his wife, saving fur the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery; and whosoever shall fitarry her that Is divorced commuitteth adultery." The second passage said,"And I say unto you, whosoever shall put away his wife, except it bo for fornication, and shal marry another, committeth adultery; and whoso marrieth her which is putaway doth commit adultery." Here was an apparent contradiction between the',three evangelists, St. Matthew, St. 3ak, and St. Luke. Two forbade divorce2 vinculo tsnonU abeo lutely, taking the text according to the ordinary meaning of language, while the third was supposed to make an exoeption in the particular case of adultery. Lot them now see what modes had been devised for explaining this apparent contradiction. All the Evangelists were equally inspired, and, therefore, it could not be said that one was right and the others wrong. They must somehow be consistent with each other, and the question for considuration was how the lleged inconsistency could be reconciled. The first modethat hinted at by the Attorney-Goneral-was to read the Gospels as one, and to bring Into St. Mark and St. Luko the supposed exception in St. Matthew. He thought he could show that this theory was an incorrect one, and could not be received as a mode of reconciling the three apparently contradictory passages. The Gospels were not intended to be read as one document. Each of them wag written by a diflerent person, at a different time, in a different place, and for different parts of the church, and they were colleoted into one volume so late asthe fourth oentury. If the theory was correct that the three Gospels should be read together, it must follow that what was.allowed in one part of the ohurch was regarded as a mortal sin in another, which he held to be absurd. Therefore, some means must be found of reconciling the apparent inconsistency between the Gospels without adopting the method of reading them as one document. Now, if it could be shown that what had been thought an exception in the Gosplo according to S5. Matthew was no exception at all-that it neverwasintended to make divorce lawful in the case of adultery-then the difficulty must vanish. The question, therefore, came to be what was the uleaning of the words used by S.. Matthew? He thought he could show that they did not permit a divorce for adultery or form any exception to the general rule established by St. Mark and St. Luke. By the Jevwish law prevailing at the timo when and in the pace where the words of the Evangelists were uttered adultery was punisleble with death. An hon, member had stated that there was a limitation to that law, contending that the punishment of death was indicted only when the parties were taken in the fact; but that doctrine was contrary to the opinion of the most able and learned interpreotors Adultery being punishable with death, it was quite im. possible-it was absurd-to read the words of St. Matthew as meaning that divorce was not to be allowed except in the case of adultery, which was a capital erime. He would not enter into a criticism of words, far less would he quote Greek in that assembly; but according to Mr. Baddeley, a comnpetent authority, the first passage iu St. Matthew meant, "I say nothing astD adultery," and the second, " setting aside adultery," implying that adultery was not and could not be a ground for divorce at all. The fact then was that adultery was punishable by the criminal law. The one passage would rnm thus, " I sy unto you whosoever putteth away his wife, I soy nothing of the case of adultery; he who shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery." The other paESage woald read, " I say unto you whosoever putteth away his wifeexcluding the case of adultery, I say nothing of the case of adultery-and shall marry again, committeth adultery, and whosoever marrieth her that is pub away committeth adultery." That construction of those passages was in accordance with the original Greek. That being so, the right interpretation of those passages was the interpretation that was in accordance with the passages on the other two evangelists. The context of those other two passages corroborated that view of the meaning of St. Matthew. The strongest expressions were against the dissolubility of marriage. "Whom God hath jomed together let no man put asunder." Then, again, there was the famous deolaration, "1 The union of man and wife maketh them no longer twain, but one flesh," The whole context was against the dissolubility of marriage. Our Lord told the Jews that Moses allowed the dissolution of marriage for the hardness of their hearts, but it was not so from the beginning. Thus they had the wholo spirit of thb passages themselves and of their context tensding to the one result of bringing the Gospel of St. Matthew in perfect harmony with the Gospels of St. MIark and St. Luke. The question was afterwards put to our Lord whether divorce was allowable in any case. In reply He referred to the original institution of marriage, and in the strongest terms said, "Whoms God habs joined together let no man put asunder." Sapposing that the exception applied to cases where the guilty parties were liable to be put to death, it would be an absurdity to say that divorces were to be allowed in such cases. The death of the man or woman offending would of itself dissolve the marriage, and thus the law which miade adultery punishable with death proved that marriage could not be dissolved in any other way. He maintained, further, that the indissolubility of marriage was asserted by the law of England. The ecclesiastical law whlch was part of the common law of England bad put that interpretation upon the law of the land. But, supposing even that the law did allow divorces & 'iclCsdo, he submitted, notwithstanding the arguments of the hon. and learned gentleman the AttorneyGeneral, that at least there were grave doubts entertained upon the point. The Anglican bishens were divided upon it. About 6, 000 of the Protestant clergy in substance had said marriage was indissoluble, and had represented that if they were comopelled to marry divorced porsons they should feel they were committin,g a sin. Ele could not agree with the Attorney-General that an Act of Parliament was an infallhble guide. No doubt every ono was bound to obey the law, but there were limits beyond which men should not he called upon to act in opposition to their consciences. Trhey wese told to " Render unto Ceesar the things that are Car's, and unto God that are God's;" bat the command showed that there were limits beyond which Cansar's commands ought not to go. He could not hut symspathize with those clergyymen who called on the House to relieve them from the porfornmnce of that which would be burdensome to their consciences. (Hear, hear.) That there was a doubt on this important question no one could deny, and the very existence of that doubt was a reason for the rejection of the Bill. (Hear;) On these grounds he would give his lupport to the amendment which had been moved by the hon. member for the University of Oxford. Mr. MALINS said his hon. and learned friend had pressed this measure on the House as one of urgency, because its object was to remove what he called a blot on the law of England, and to do away with the anomaly which enabled the rich to obtain a divoroe while the poor could not. Now, he found fromu the report of the commissioners that from 1715 to 1775 the number of Acts passed to dissolve mamages were G10, or one a-year, that from 1775 to a800 they amounted to 74, or about three a-year; and that from 18d toe 1852 there were 110, being ani average of rather more than two a-year. Now, did these figures show that there was any urgehoy in the case? (Hear.) He was decidedly of opinion that the interests of society would be best promoted by regarding marriage as indissoluble from any cause whatever; but if his hon. and learned friend's argument in favour of the Bill was good for anything it should have shown that this was a poor man's Bill. (Hear.) Atpresentthe average expense of getting a divorce a nesis,? et thoro was from 1501. to 2001., and it was of course much greater when the case went the whole length; but would his hon. and learned friend say that the expense under his Bill would be so mnch less as to enable the artisan or still poorer clamses to obtain divorce? Thay would have to go bofore a court equal to any of the supreme courts before a, divorce a vinaculo could be obtained; and he believed the expense would not be less than from 3001. to 4001. (Hear, hear.) Why, then, should this Bil he nrgt;d uaon them as a poor man's Bill? (llear, hear.) Thou earne the question as to the expediency of the measure. It wvas now to be understood when a marriage was solemnized that that marriage mightat some future day be dissolved by a court of law. He could not look on suoh a proposal without the greatest apprehension. 'This was a grave and important question raised for the first time, and he could not but regret that they were called on to decide upon it in so hasty a manner. (Hear, hear.) But he objected to the Bill on the higher ground, that it was best for the interests of society that this most sacred contract, when once entered into, should last for the life of the parties. This was forcibly put by Lord Stowell, as quoted in the firs' report of the Royal Commissioners:- "'or though, iu partioular cases, the repuguance of the law to dissolve the obligations of matrimonial cohabitation may operate witlh great severity upon individuals, yet it mnstbe carefilly reniembered that the general happinems of the mariied lEfe b secured by its indissolubility. When people understand that they must live together, except for a very few reasons known to the law, they learn to soften by mutual accommodation that yoke which they know they eannot shake off; they become good husbands and good wives, from the necessity of remaining husbands and wives, for necessity is a powerful master in teaching the duties which it imposes. If it were once understood that upon mutual disgust married persons might be legaUy separated niany couples, who now pals through the world with mntual comfort, with attention to their common offspring. and to the moral order of civil society, might at this moment have been living in a state of mutual unkindness, in a state of estrangement from their common offspring, and in a state of the most licentious and unreserved immorality. In this case, as in many others, the happiness of some indivlduals must be sacrificed to the greater and more general good." Was the House prepared to say that all the Divorce Bils, or half of them, which had been passed had been passed wisely, or that it would not have been better for the parties ff there had been no means open to them of obtaining a divorce? How many evils were there in the marriage state which no legislation could touch? He knew a gentlemanone of the most amiable men in the world-whose wife after one or two years of marriage, without any reason whatever, ceased to live with bim. No doubt this was aform of insanity, but no Act of Parliament could meet such a case. The question was whether taking an extended view of human society it was not for the happiness of the greater number that marriage should be regarded as indissoluble. Suppose a woman preferred u:other man to her husband, if there were no possibility of divorce she would know that by giving way to that attachmant shewouldcondemnherself todisgrace and miseryforthe rest of her life. But by this Bill and even under the present system the prospect of divorce was open to her, and she knew that by going through a certain process she might become the wife of the man whom she preferred to her husband. Under the present system the process was tedions and expensive, and it was just because this Bill proposed to render it more easy that he objected to it. With his objections to divorce he could not bring himself, without much more consideration than time was allowed for, to support the second reding of the Bill. The Government had certainly no reason to be satisfied with the course which this debate had taken, for out of the seven hon. members who had preceded him six had opposed the Bill, and the seventh had only spoken of It with faint praise. (Hear, hear.) Lord J. MANNERS thought that however much opinions might differ as to the principle contained in this Bill-the dissolubility of marriage-there could be but one opinion as to the serious nature of the changes which it introduced. When it was urged the other evening that it was too late in the session satisfactorily to disouss this Bil the advocates of postponement were told that the House would be full of life and vigour for this subject, and that every provision of the Bil would be amply discussed. But what was the fact? There had been an able, ingenious, but somewhat sophistical speech from the Attorney-General in favour of the Bill, but not one speech had since been delivered on that side. One-half of the speech of the hon. member for Hertfordshire was certainly in support ot the Bill, but the other half was against it. The Attorney-General based his vindication of the main principle of the Bill upon two grounds. First, he said that the human dissolubility of marriage had been received as the law of the Church and of the State ever since the Re. formation; and, secondly, he said that it was rightly thelaw of the Church and of the State, inasmuch as it was strictly in conformity with the express declaration of Holy Writ. The hon. and learned gentleman said that the Bill made no material change in'the law of the land, andihe told them that the Beforrmatio Legum was founded on a statute, thereby lmplying that the Reformnaefo Legumn had the force and validity of statute law . (An expression of dissent from the Attorney-General) He was aware that the hon. and learned gentleman did not intend to convoy that impression, because no one knewv better that such was not the case; but still that was the inference from what the hon. and learned gentleman said. So far from the hon. and learned gentle. mania statement being correct, however, the fact was that the human indissolubility of marriage had been the received law of the Church and of the State from the Reformation down to the time of Charles IL, and the Attorney-General, with great wisdom, had refrained from laying much stress upon the state of morals and religion vhich led to the repeal by prlvateenactments of the received law of the Church and of the State in the time of that !fonarch, and he (Lord J. Manners) did not think that the House would be induced by the example of that epoch to carry, at the fog end of the session, a measure fraught with such tremendous consequences to the domestic relations of the people of this country as the Bil under discussion. (Hear, hear.) The Attorney-General stated that it was clear that the law as it then stood permitted these marriages, or why, he asked, shonld the ecclesiastical courts when they ted divorces a mensd et thoro exact from the parties a d that they would not marry again? He (Lord J. M£anners) regarded that as a clear and distinct proof that in the view of the Legislature those marriages were to be prohibited, and inasmuch as in other countries there might be faoilities for marrying again they exacted a bond positively to forbid such persons availing themselves of those facilities. But, probably, the most fanciful of aU the arguments of the hon. and learned gentleman was that in which he begged the House to regard the two Houses of Parlament taken togetheras constituting ajudicial tribunal, when he siaid that by sanctioning private Acts of Parliament they gave to them the effect of a judicial decision from the bench. Was it ever pormitted to judges, when a cause was brought before them, to say, "We will oppose that cause," or, "We wil not speak upon it; we will kick it out of our court of justico; we wil take no cognizance of it?' Yet the Attorney-General endeavoured to prove that the two Hotues of Parliament passing these exceptional and abnormal Acts were strictly analogous to a court of justice. (Hear.) In another placo, when a right rev. prelate was taunted for not having before attempted to stop the passage of some of these exceptional Divorce Acts he admitted that up to the present he had not taken that course, but he said that for the future he would endeavour to arrest the progress of every one of these Bills; but if tho Houses of Parliament had merely judicial functions to perform how could it be open to any member toirefuse his assent to any of these Acts? He held, then, that the argument of the Attorney-General to prove that these exceptional Acts of Parliament had the force of law was totaUy and entirely erroneous. (Hear.) At that hour of the night (20 minutes to 12) he should have great reluctance to enter upon the Scriptural part of the question, but he thought that no man could read the able argment of Mr. Baddeley without being convinced that the Bill came into collision with the revealed law of God. ("Hear," and "Divide I") They had been told the other night that they might regard the question of principle as settled by the discussions which had taken place in the House of Lords. With great respect for that illustrious assembly, however, ho said that this was pre-eminently a question affecting the people of this country. (Hear, hear.) If it were true, as the promoters of the Bil stated, that it was intended to bring home to the cottage of the poor man as well as to the palace of the rich the benefitsif such they were-of this law, then he said that It was the bounden duty of the House to see that this great question received the fuUest -ud most deliberate discussion, and to refuse to act upon the dictum of any other assembly, however distinguished or illustrions it might be. They were told that they must bow to authority upon this subject ; authority of what kind ? He could understand a person saying that in the other Honse there sat grave and rev. ecclesiastics from whom they might well receive guidance upon the spiritual and theological bearings of the quostion. He was willing in those respects to yield to their authority; would the Attorney-General say as much? This Bill had come down sanctioned by a majority of the tetporal but not of the spiritual peers. (Hear.) He had stated his deliberate opinion that thie Bill violated both licripture and the se5tled law of the land. If it only proposed to allow the remarriage of the innocent sufferer it ought to be supported by the most irrefragable scriptural arguments; but when it gave to guilty persons the privilegfe of enjoying through life the fruits of their sin he pronounced it as not only opposed to the best interpretations of the word of God, but as striking a blow at the foundations of all human Law. (Hear.) If Parliament dealt thus with the seventh, why not with the eighth commandment ? (Hear, hear.) If a man who stole from his neighbour that compared with which all earthly possessions were poor and pitiful was allowed upon the payment of some wretched fine to enjoy for the remainder of his life the frnits of his sin, how could you justify the penal colony, the felon's cell, and the long misery and degradation which the then partial law would visit upon the far less guilty poacher or thief ? (Hear, hear.) But, more than this, the inevitable effect of this Bill was, as it seemed to him, to smooth the path before the adulterer's feet, and to teach the disappointed wife that if she had only the bad courage to sin blindiy and boldly, to violate at once the cQmmand of God and her own solemn vows, years of worldly happiness and, if they might judge from the experience of other countries, years of worldly respectability would yet be in store for her under the same solemn anction and with the same nuptal benediction as were at present reserved for the Innocent and the pure. (Cheers.) Was it right that a change of thisvast importance should be efectuated without somereferesnce to what was taking place every day in foreign countries, where greater laxity existed than was proposed even under this Bill? Doubtless many hon. gentlemen were familiar with the remarkable speech of Baron Von Gerlach which had been translated by the hon. member for West Surrey (Mr. Drummond). In Prussia, which was constantly rejferred to as an example in matters of education, the number Of divorces every year out of a population of 17,000,000 amounted to no less than 3,000, or 10 a day (hear, hear) ; and in the district of Berlin, the centre of Prussian enlightenment and the department of the supreme courts they were 57 to every 100,000 inhabitants. The House had heard a most able argument from the hon. and learned member for Dundalk, who spoke the united opinion of the Roman Catholics of England and Ireland on this subject. Was it true, however, that in Prussia the Roman Catholics were sheltered by the decrees of their church from the evil influences of this aU but heathenidh legislation? Baron Von Gerlach cited in his speech the following instance :-" A labourer of the Roman Catholic persuasion appears, according to the statement of several of his wives, to have been six times divorced aud seven times married, and to have now seven wives living." (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) Ho (Lord J. Manners) feared, if this legislation were entered upon, that in prosess of time they should see adulterous parties anticipating, as he had said, years of appiness and "respectability." What was the case in Prussia? This was fhe sttement of a Roman Catholic priest, who said: - "An act of adultery previously committed forms the ground, almost without exception, of those divorce cases the pleadings in which I have had the perusal of. In consequence of the divorce granted by the cotrt of law and of a subsequent remarriage the adulterous element is succes5fal, and, being for a time followed by no unpleasant consequences to the parties, it obtains, to my great regret, a sort of outward respectability. Cases of a second divorce, followed by a third marriage, are not uncommon." {lear, hear.) If it were true, as was alleged, that it was ntended to bring this BiU home to the people generally, he should oppose it upon the ground of the inevitable effect which this loosening of the marriage tie must have upon the masses. (Hear) He had heard vith regret, bordering upon astonishment, the Attorney-General's declaration that under no circumstances would the Government consent to relieve the clergy from the monstrous oppression to which this Bill proposed to subject them, question was one of those most instrumental in bringing about that state of things. (Laughter.) REGISTIATION O! BIRTHSS, MARRIAGES, ANID DEATHS IN IRELAND. Mr. ES iONDE asked if it w5w the intention of Government to introduce in this or the next session a measure to provide for the general registration of births, marriages, aud deaths in Ireland. Mr. H. HIERBERT said it was not the intention of the Government to introduce a measure of that kind this sea, sion. The subject was one of great importanoe, and his attention should be given to it. COMHISSIONS IN THE TWO ORDNANCE CORPS. Mr. HAMILTON asked whether it was the intention of Government (after the gentlemen cadets of the Royal Mili. tary Academy at Woolwich admitted previous to Chrlstmas, 1855, should have received their commissions in the Royal Artillery and Engineers) to bestow all the c6mmissrus in the two Ordnanme Corps upon candidates who should have obtained their cadetahips at Woolwich by means of au open competitive examination, as at present, and in comfor. mity with the memorandum of the Secretary of State for War, January, 1856. Sir S. RANISDEN said he wasafraid he could not at that moment give any answer to the question asked him by the hon. gentleman. The whole question of the reorganization of the Mfilitary Academy at Woolwich and the Poyal Military Cleght Sandhurst was referred to the Council on Miitary Education, and no recommendation had yet been made by the Council to the Government, who were therefore not ina hposition 20 say wther the course mentinned by the hon. gentlemanhad been taken. TEE lMITIA. BOUNTY. Colonel GREVILLE asked at what period, and how, it was the intention of Government to pay this year's instalment of their bounty to the men of those regiments of militia who were not called out for training. Sir J. RAMSDEN said the preoise date at which the bounty was tobe paid had not yet been fixed; but a doonmentwoTldveryshortlybeissuedtotheoffioers commanding the various (regiments by which the information asked by the gallant member would be furnished. CIVIL SERVICE SUPERANNUATION BILL. M1r. S. FITZGERALD asked what course the Government proposed to puse with reference to the Civil Service Superannuation Bill, the second reading of which had been carried on the previous day by so large a majority. Lord PALUERSTON.-Sir, Her Majesty's Government felt it their duty to state to the Honse at considerable length the objections they felt to the Bil proposed by the noble lord opposite (Lord Naas), considering that the effect of it would be to add a very large sum to the annual expenditre of the country. (Hear, hear.) But the House having by a very full attendance and by a very considerable majority confirmed the second reading of the Bill, of course Her Majesty's Government would not deem it respectful to the House to offer any further opposition to the measure. (Cheers.) Mr. GLADSTONE.-In connexlon with this subject T beg to ask the noble lord at the head of the Governmsat whether it is the intention of the Government to institute any revision of the salaries of persons holding offices in the civil servicein connexion with the removal of the deductions to which they are liable. (Hear, hear.) Lord PAL?JERSTON.-The effect of the Bill will be to add 2k per cent. in some cases and 5 per cent. in others to those salaries; but the only revision that would natarally arise out of it wouldbe a revision by which the salaries would be diminished in proportion, which I think would hardly be consistent with the decision of Parliament. (A laugh.) THIE INDIAN MAIL TELEGRAPH. Mr. STAFFORD said he wished to ask the First Lord of the Admiralty a question on a subject which had given rise to some auxiety and curiosity in this country. He allUded to the delay which had occurred in transmitting the Indian news by telegraphic message from Trieste. (Hear, hear.) He wished to know if the right hon. baronet could explain how that delay had been occasioned. Sir C. WOOD.-I am not able to give any reason why the message was not received in London earlier; but I wish to state the facts so far as they are within our knowledge. The steamvessel arrived at 9 o'clock on Tuesday moraing at Trieste. The Consul at Alexandria had been directed to forward the intelligence to the Consuls at 1arseilles and Trieste, and that inteligence was forwarded by him to the Consul at Trieste. The Consul at Trieste forwarded a tlegraphic messageto the Foreign-office here at half-past 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning, but that message was not recelved at the Telegraph-office here until half-past 12 o'clock on Wednesday. (Hear, bear.) How the delay happened wo don't know, bat it took 26 hours to transmit the inteUigence from Trieste to London. The East India Company received a telegraphic despatcx at the same time after a delay pretty nearly equal to that which had taken place in transmitting the Government message. I have received this morning a message from Malta, vi4 Cagliari, to the same effect as the previous one from Trieste. I may add that it took about 26 hours to transmit the message to the East India Company by way of Trieste, whence it was despatched on Tuesday morning. Mr. WARREN asked if the First Lord of the Aidmiralty had instituted any inquiry into the cause of the delay. SirC. WOOD said a very short time had elapsed since the circmstance occurred, but of course the Government woule Immediately institute san inquiry into the reason of the delay. (EIear, hear.) That delay was not attributable to any accident or omission on the part of the Government. GOVERNMTENT ORDERS OF TEHE DAY. Loud PALMIERSTON moved that upon Tuesaday next and on every succeding Taesday during the session Government oraers of the day should have precedence. Mr. RIADFIELD said he took that as a hint that the House was to set Itself in order, and he begged to ask what course the Government meant to take with regard to the great nnmber of Bills already before the House and which received fresh accretions daily. No fewer than 12 new Bills had been sent to him that morning. There was already a consideraVae number of Bills already before the House partly discussQ, and a great many more on important subjects might beexpected from the House of Lords dally. It was desirable to know under those circumstances precisely whit course would be taken by the Goverament, and especially whether they would proceed with the Divorce 3il and the Probate and Letters of Admiais. tration Bill. Mr. MALIN410so inquired whether it was the intention of the Governmel2 to proceed with the Probate BiU tomorrow (this day), eAd, if so, whether it would be made the first order of the dayl Mr. STAFFORD liktwLs reminded the Hlouse that the Publc Office ExtensionBll, which would involve an enornous outlay ct public b toney, stood for to-morrow (this d%y),and he wished the ntble lord at the head of the Govern. nmnt to state whether ht meant to postpone it for the preaent session, or, if not, wkhether he would give an assnramre that it would not be taken at 2 or 3 o'clock in the moming, when the probability was that it would pass sub siicntio. Lord J. RuSS",.I.-Beforetbose questions are answered I wish to ask anothe- with respect to the order made by the House of Lords whichaffects Bills ging up from this HTouse. It is said that the Houe of Lords ha,e made an order with referenoe to the receptica of Bills after the 7th of August. Now, the power that hasbeon used in that respeot on former occasions by the House of lords has been a very extraor dinary one, ad nothing tk I can conceive but the abuse which took place for some retrs of going on between five and six months considerin Blls here without sending them to the other Home could be a sufficient justification for the asmmpthl of that power. B, in the present case, not more tan three months will elapsed bythe 7thgof Agustsince'as5s commenced. Such an order is equivalent to an ordert ordinary sessions, that after the 1st day of May the Houasf Lords willno t consider sny Bill sent up to them. It se,, to me that if this has taken plae, and, more especiallyif it has taken plae with the consent of the Government, is a o proceeding of which the IHouse of Co is acourse of right to complain. (HIear.) Moreover. h ,,w> ts s a right -to complain of tho G ov aleut because tue Government has had more than ths.atib and now my noble friend is proposing an additualdys which the Bils of individual members will b" daIdayYon the BiULs of the Government. It is very possibi°ned for carrying on all their own business the GovermTat by meet the House of Lords by the 7th of A ngast, vvh may vate members, having no power to pash their Bis f pnagainst the weight of the Government, wil not hlar opportunity of having their Bills considered. The B.to which reference has been made, the second reading of w:hh the Government refused to promote, may be carried thron its remaining stages in a few days, but it is quite in I discretion of the Government to defeat the Bill by delay. I do not mean to say that they will have recourse to any such power, bat it ought not to be in the discretion of the Government to prevent business which they do not like in order to promote business which they do. (Cheers ) I must say that this proceeding on the part of the House of Lords cannot be justified. (Hear, hear.) I hope it is not true that the Govermment gave any countenance or support to tho resolution, because it will, in effect, if it goes on in this way, be a subversion of the legislative powers of this House. (Cheers.) Mr. GLAIDSTONE wlshed to give notice, in order that there might be no misunderstanding, that upon going into committee upon the Civil Service Superannuation Bill, ho should call the attention cf the Honse to its bearings upon the recommendations of the commisdon and of the corainittee. He need not teL the noble lord the momber for Cokermouth that he wouldnot offer any factious opposition to the Bill, but he thought some further explanations with reference to it were necessary. Lord NAAS said he should certainly move to-night that the Speaker leave the clair. It was impossible he could postpone it. Mr. B. HOPE asked whether the understandling would be obsered thAt the rPLblic Office Extension BUIl should not be further proceeded with until the vote with respest to it bad been considered In Commiutte of Supply. Eo should, at all eventg, Move for a Royal comnision upon going into Committee of Supply. Sir B. HALL said the Government would of course carry out the understanding, and not proceed further with that Bdll until the vote was considered in Committee of Supply. Mfr. BRISCOE expressed a hope that the noble viscount at the head of the Government would consent to postpone that very large question until next session. Lord PALERSTON.-3ii hon. friend alludes to the Irge plan, called the block plan, but there is no intentlon to proceed with that plan immediately. That which is of impoitacoe is to buid three offices for the Foreign, the War, and the Colonial Departments, the present buildings beirg exceedingly ill-adapted and out of repair. (E3ear, hear.) The hon. member-opposite asks what are the inteations of Her Majesty's Government with respect to certain Bills now before the House. With respect to the Probate and Divorce Bills, Her MajestWs Government consider those Bills of great importanoe. (Hear, hear.) They have long been before Parliament in one shape or another, and I trust the House will give time and attention to those me,. sures In tho present session. (Hear.) If the Divorce Bill, the second reading of which my hon. and learned friend tho Attorney-General moves to-night, is disposed of we shall proceed to-morrow with the Probate Bill If we are un. fortunately disappointed In that hope, we shall go on tomcrrow with the Divorce Bill. There are other Billslaw Bills-sent down by the House of Lords, which were must ask this Eouso to deal with in the same manner a the House of Lords has dealt with them. They are the rc. sult of very long and laborious investigations by the Statute Law Commission, and contain the consolidation of tho existing law upon several subjects. If this HouseWill follow the example of the House of Lords and adopt these Bills, trusting to the fidelity of the comnmssion in having made a real consolidation of the existing law, we shall then be able to make a grext step towards the legal arrangement oE statutes. Bat it is manifest that if th HIouse wll insist on going through those Bills clause by clause, as if they were new enactments, the task will be endless, and the prospect of their being passed either now or at any other time, of course, hopeless. (Hear, hear.) I hope the House will bo disposed to take them upon trust as a faithful consolidaton Of the existing law without any change or additions, and having taken and passed them as such, make them the foundation of future legislation. (Hear, bear.) My noble friend has remarked upon the resolution of the Hlouso of Lords, fixing a specifio day after which they will not take up the first or second reading of any Bills, except in eases of urgency or under peculiar circumstnces. fy noble friend must recollect that this is no new practice of the House of Lords. I rather think it is a practice which began at the time he was at te head of the Goverment. (LAughter.l L lord J. RUSSELL-After a six monthr sitting. Lord PALMERSTOW.-My noble friend measures the propriety of the period in reference to the commeneement of the session. I think a more reasonable standard would be in reference to the end of the session. (Hear, hear.) Though It is very true Bay bears the sme rd. tion to the commenoement of an ordina ose10on as August does this year, yet May does not stand In the same po3ition to the end of the session as we W'1 hope August does. (Laughter.) Her Majesty'e Governmens did not feel that they were justified in making any oppod. tionto a practice which has so long prevailed, although they did get about a week beyond the time at which their lord. ships intimated theirintention to fnish business. Iame the House of Lords will, as in other sessions, waive the strictness of the rale in any case where it is shown to be an itportant subject, or, upon a point of time, there is good reason to depart from it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. VANSITTART asked the President of the Bo.ard of Control whether the Government intended to send any more forces to India ? Mr. HARDY said, with respct to the Consolidation Bills there had been no time to consider them. last year eight Bills were laid upon the table of the House of Lords. In his judgment they wero exceedingly imperfect, and he presumed they had been considerably altered. He did not know, but he was informed that there were considerable alterations made with re-pect to some of the offenc33 in. eluded in those Bills. If they were mere consolidations of the lawv they were useless; because in the text books used by lawyers the law was consolidated, ready to their hands. If they were amendments of the law it was not becoming of the Eouso to take them upon any one's authority and pass them blindfold. (Hear, hear.) Mr. NAPIER was understood to say that the BiUs re. ferred to did alter the law, and make the distinction broalez between the law in Ireland and the law in England, The motion was then agreed to. THE DIVORCE BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAT, in rising to move the second reading of this Bill, commenced his speech in so low a tone of voice, and amid so much interruption caused by mnembers entering and leaving the House, that for several minutes he was quite inaudible a few feet from the table at which he stood. There were loud cries of "OrderP" and " Speak out I' from various parts of the House, and Mr. Gladstone complained that it wAS impossible to hear a word. At length the noise having somewhat subsided, and the hon. and learned gentleman having elevated hisvoice, he Ws heard saying that the Bill had excited great anxiety and even alarm in the country at large. It had been said b, some, and believed by others, that the Bill was an attempt to introduce new laws and new prindpleos affecting society in its most intimate relations. He was happy to say that that alarm was entirely groundless. The Bill involved only long-existing rules and long-established principles, and it was intended to give only a local judicia habitation to doctrinesthat hadbeenfor centuries recognised as parttof the law of the land, and administered in a judidal manner through the medium of a legislative assembly. Its object was to remove the inconveniences of that practice. but in all other respects the law of England upon the sub; ject of divorce would remain what it was now. Whatever alarm, therefore, had been excited must be the result either of misapprehension or of misreprcesntation. It was so de, sirable, however, to make that plain-so imporiant that tho House should understand that the Bill made no materid. alteration in the existing law of divorce-that he hoped they would give him their attention for a few minutes while he attempted to sketch the progress of the law, and to point out in what manner the principles embocied in tho Bill, had been for two centuries judicially administer3d. Anterior to the Reformation the doctrine of the Roman Catholic church of the indissolubility of marriage was gene. rally recognized and accepted as the law of the land. The whole subject of marriage and divorce was delegated to spiritual tribunals Those tribunals proceededupontheirowa principles; they were not subject to the law of the State and undoubtedly the doctrines of the Roman Catholic church prevailed In them. When the Reformation came, a new view was taken of the question. The notion of marriage being a sacrament was no longer regarded as parb of the doctrine of the Church of England. The necessity for the introduction of new principles was universoly recognized. Statutes were passed both in the reign of Henry VIIL and in that of Edward VI., dole. gating to well-chosen and extensively constituted com. missions the duty of reforming all the laws of England re1lting to ecclesiastioal matters. The result of thae inqugry as on record. The conmissioners were unanimous in alter. ing the received doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church, and in accepting the principle that marriage should be din. soluble for two or three causes, of which adultery, of coume, was the most common. But if there was anythingin which the Reformation was more than usually incomplete it was the mode of dealing with the ecclesiastical tribunals. Thom tribunals, instead of being subjected to the ordinary rules of law, and regarded as Royal courts, receiving their authority from the Crown, and administering the common law of thet land, were permiJtted to retain their ecclesiastical character, to exercise their own peculiar functions, and to admaiist, theirow0pecullarprincipleg& Theresult was that, althoughfor a considerable period, probably for nearly a century, fter the Reformation marriago was regarded as a bond of union, dissoluble for adultery, yet about the commencement of the 17th century the old doctrine was restored by a decisioa of the Star Chamber, and the ecclesdastical court, were foutzc not to have the power of giving a divorce & vincuto m=sri. monii. Thus the imperfect jurisdiction of the ecclesiastbak tribunals was again established, and no other nonrt; was armed with authority to severthe tieof msri . "on the ground of adultery. The matter remained inthartate, in terrupted, of course, during the time of .he 'lommon. wealth, until Parliament, coming to the retef or the law and of what might be caUled the necessitiesof the country, established that system of granting divorce wllh had slnce been dministered through the medium of a legislativ e assembly, but upon principles urey jx cl5aL It was undoubted fact, therefore, that lrom tbf 15e of theRefers matlon until now the necessity of havbg :change n the purely ecclesiastical law, and the necossit, of mtrorucing theprinciplethat marriage should be issoloble for adlerp, had been recognized by the Legislatdre, aid, for aconider, able period, by the ecclesiastical tributals. Anteriv tc> he Reformation the unreasonabli law of the indhsoluUity marriage was, to a cergain e ent, atoned for othe way in which unreasonable laws were always m by the introduction of a vast u mber of flcti5 Ova,ms and grounds for escaping the operaton ofthe la j.and practical result, s testifiedcby the historians aby wathe time, s, that it was easier to obtain |vnicul mtrnbimonii anterior to the Reformatio X n tePicPe f the Reformation haEd becom isi n of the Star Chamber in tht ! amb c,lmt the jurisdiction of the ecleslaatieaA ourthe Restorat the year 1600, and very shortlyafter country be Legislature began to give relief to the divorces. thAintroduction of a system of Parliamentary dvrces. NO when nthey-spoke oflegislativeinterference, and caled it noting more than the passing of peculiar law' to Meet ular m ergencies denominating hose judica sentences of Paralient as mere privilciio, they used lan guage altogether incourate and inapt. The adamnLstratio of justice upon oettld principles previously established, according to rn\eS psivionsly fixed, was a judicial act, individuenceals then n an ordinaya cout of jusli Tha inerfrene O th pat o Paliaentwanintn a judicial interferenoe prompted by the necessities of the country, and was the only mode by which justice could be administered in the absence of any regular tribunal which should be the habitation and seat of the principle of the law. ZThat was the mode in whIch the law of divorce had been re. gularly administered by the Legislature for a period of 150 tears. Parliamcent, and the House of Lords in particular, mad laid dowzn generalmrles affectlng aDplications for divorce, regulating the forma of procedure, and determlning the cir. camustauce3 under which an aggrieved party might apply for es divorco. It vzas impossible, therefore, to deny that a law of divorce, vvell known and well understood, admn isitered upon settled rules, hadprevaied in this country for nearlytwo centuries, by which it was held that marriages were capable of being annulled. He was anxious to lay down that posttioa at dsc, as it had been too common am ong critics and speakers upon the subject to declare that by law marriage was incapable of being dissolved, and such statements, implying that the Bil he was about to propose would effect a complete chance in our system of law as to divorce, tended to create a hostile feeling towards the measure. ae had endeavoured to prove by a slight historical deduction that we had at present in the House of Lords a tribunal for that purpose proceeding upon certain and permanently settled rules. In the course of the jurisdiction exeroised by the House of Lords, and after them by the House of Commons, certain exceptions had been established to the general principle that marriage was dissoluble for adultery, and the rule of the law miglht be thus sibnply described:-A, injured hsband who established a case against his wife was entitled to a divorce, unless it could be proved that he bad been guilty of collusion or of connivance, unless he was open to recrimination, and had been guilty of acts which would entitle the wife to be separated from him by a decree of the Ecclesiastical Couct. Those rules had been established as to the right of the husband to obtain a divorce, but certain conditions had also been imposed by the House of Lords whicb, except underpecuriarcsrcumstances, theywere not in the habit of relaxing. It was necessary that a man seeking a divorce should first prove the adultery in the Ecclesiastical Court, and obtain from that tribunal a decree for a divorce a mensd et thoro. Hie must also, in cases where it was possible, bring an action at law against the adulterer-tbat action for criminal conversation, which had been termed the reproach of our laws. (Hear, hear.) In that action he must again prove the adultery, and having established his case in that proceeding he was entitled to apply to the House of Lords to be again piermuitted to provo the adultery before that tribunal. If he uccessfully proved his inju on those three occasions he was then aiowed to receive a divorce a vinculo mtrirnaoii. With respect to the wife, those who bad studied the subject would be aware that the rule at present was that for simple adultery on the part of the husband, the wife was not entitled to a divorce, but the House of Lords had estab. lished the practice that a wife was entitled to a divorce against her husband if she could prove that his adultery was also incestuous, or that the adultery had been attended with such aggravated circunstances as rendered it utterly impossible that the wife could be expected to live again with her husband. These were the rules established by the House of Lords and acted upon by that tribunal, which formed at present the law of divorce as administered by the High Court of Parliament. It was the object of the Bill which be now submitted to the House to embody that law. There was one particular only in which the Bill went beyond the present law in favour of the injured woman, and that was in cases of adultery attended wilh malicious desertion. In all otherrespects the Bil adhered to what had long been the universally understood rule for the administration of justice in England with regard to divorces. That being the state of the caFe, as far as the Bill was concerned, he thought the House would agree that it contained nothing more than the expression of the existing law and a plan for transferring the administration of that law to r. tribunal by which justice could be done in a more convenient manner and without those difficulties of form and procedure which were of necessity incident to legislative proceedings. That was the first great and cardinal objeot of the Bill. But the Bill, while it embodied the present law, altered most materially the form of its procedure. That it sbould be necessary to prove the adultery in three different courts, and once in the absence of the wife through the medium of that most abominable proceeding the action for crimaa. con., had been held to be a great reproach to this country. The Bill therefore proposed that one simple forma of procedure should be adopted by which the whole case might be thoroughly sifted and examined-the injured hus b'and appearing as the plaintiff against the two other parties brought iuto court to contest his application for a divorceviz, the wife and the adulterer. Therefore the form of procedure would be changed entirely, and the action which now constituted so objectionable a feature of the present system wvould be got rid of. The law would remain the same, but the naode of its administration would be changed. That being the object of the Bill, he hoped the House would permit him to examine into the subject a little more closely, in order to ascertain whether or not it was true that by embodying the law into a Bill and creating a tribunal better fitted for the administration of that law they were in tbe slightest degree departing from what had been felt to be the true rule, dictated alike by justice and by every consideration of human advantage since the period of the Reformation. He would now caU the attention of the House to the tnanner in Nwhich this question was dealt with atthe time of the Reformation. They were all aware of the opinions that were expressed on this subject in the writings of the principal reformers, and he would remind the House that very shortly after the lIeformnation, or at least in the early part of the reign of Edward VL, a change took place In the state of the law. The question whether a man could obtain a divorce on the ground of the adultery of the wvife and be permitted to nmrry again came directly under the consideration of th,, most eminent lawyers and divines. The opinions which they entertained were expressed in a most remarkable manner in the Rcformatio Legum .Eecle4iwsticarum, and in the report of the commissionwhichafterwards sat on the case of the Mfarquis of Northampton. So much had been aid on this subject in another i-lace, and so much was likely to be said in that House, that he hoped he would be pardoned if be called attention to the manner in which the question was addressed to those lawyers and divines and to the distinct and express manner in vwhich the difiiculties involved in the question was solved by the authority of those learned persons. The questions put were *1. Quid dirlniit matrimonii vineulum ? "2. Quas ob causas dirimi poterit ? "3. An dirimi poterit conjugium a thoro, non a vinculo ? "5. An exceptio illa (exceptat fornicationis causI) etiam In Luc;, Mlarci, et Pauli locis, qui de his rebus tractant, est sabaudiesida? " 6. An etiam uxor repudiata propter adulterium alteri poterit nubere ! To these questions the following answers were returned "Ad primaui respondemus, ipso adulterii facto miatrimonu vinculun dirini. Namalioquin, ob soluu adulterium non liceret viro uxorem repudiare ; voluntas viri solicitat judices, judices palam faciunt ecclesik, virum licito talem repudiare uxorem. "Ad secundasn resp., quod ob solam causam stupri dirinitur matrimonii vinculumn; cujus ipso quidem facto conjugii dissolvitur nodus, et loquimur his qui sacrosancti anatrimonli jus agnoscunt. "Ad tertiam resp. aiod non; quia mulier quamdiu vixerit alligata estviro, llom.7; item no fraudetisvosinvicem, 1 Cor. 7; item in codei locoauxori vir debitam beilevolontiam zeddat smmlpliciter et uxor viro; itemn vir non babent potestateo sui corporis sed uxor similiter, nee uxor habeat potestatem sui corporis sed vir. " Ad quintain cespondemus, quod exceptio ista-vnz., naii causa stupni est subaudienda in Luca, Ma.rco, et Paulo alioquin inanifesto erit repugnantia inter latthenm et eos. "Ad sextaiarespond., quod repudiata propter adulteriurn, quia uxor repudiantis desiit ease ob idque, libera est sicnt alih. omnes post obitum virorum possint a1iis nubere a cquo jure juxta illud Pauli, si non contineant contrahant matrimoinium, I Cor. 7."1 'The opinions thus expressed by these high authorities were afterwards embodied substantially in the canons of 1 G8, and thero s-a&s therefore at that time a distinct recognition of the principle of divorce a tincudo matrimonii ; but It was not till come timz1e afterwards that the conipetency of the ecclesiastical courts to pronounce any divorce was adlCitted, and aeCCTdingly it was found that there was no tribunal to admmnibter the law as laid dowvn by the reformers. Nsow, this beirg the recognition of the law as it was made in the early period of the Reformnation, lie need not weary the House by referring to the authority of those u'riters who had defended the principle thus laid down. His great object at the present mmnient was to point out the fact that tao law as he had stated it bad been administered for nearly two centuries through the medium of Bills pas-ed by the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) Where did those Bills originate I Where were they first discussed, and by whose authority did thoy come down to that Ilouse? Trhey all originated in the House of Lords, had been discussed before the bench of bishops, and come down to that House sanctioned by the high authority of the lords spiritual end temporal of the kingdom. (Hear, hear.) uSiice the Duke of Norfolk's case in 1700 there was no recorded instance of any bishop objecting in Parliament to the passing of 5ny one of those Bills upon the ground which he saw had been taken in argunient in another place, and also in petitions addressed to that House-viz., that iuarriage by the law of Englaind WaS a thing indissoluble, and tbat this was according to the rule of Scripture. (Hear, hear.) Now if marriagre was indisloluble on scriptural authority, every one of those Blshad been a violation of that scriptural antho. flty. (ilear, bear.) The authority of Soripture was binding on legislative assemblies as much as on Judicial bodies or individuals in private life; but could they for a momint listen to the argument that they were about to fly in the face of Scripture when they found that their bishops, age after age, had been parties to the passing of these Bi s, and wben the two Houses of Parliament haed, in all those irstances, recognized the very principle of law which was now embodied in this Billr (Hear, hear.) He implored the House to consider whether it could sanction the arguments brought forward in another place, and which, no doubt, would be urged with great eloquence and knowledge and force in that House also. If they rejected -this Bill, or refused to receive it on the principle to which hoe had just referred, they never afterwards could consistently receive a Bill that cauie dowvn to them for a dissolution of marriage. (Hear, hear.) They would, in point of fact, disapprove the whole of the existing practice of legislation on this subject, retrace their steps, condemn all that had been done for the last 200 years, and must refuse ever after to receive any one of those prisilegia which they had been accustomed to admit in past times. (Hear, hear.) If they admitted that the principle he contended for was conformiable to what ae would ceall the instinctive feelin s of law that our Mfaker had written on the heart of man, but that the mode of administration in reference to the :Bills which they passed was oppressive, inconvenient, and injurious in a high degree, then aceording to all the rules of justice they wero bound to provide the means of a more impartial, expeditions, and economical administration for the benefit of the subjeets of thisrealtn. (Hear, hear.) Though he was perfectly aware of the extremne inconvenience,-nay, almost the impropriety, of attempting in that House to deal -with any scriptural subject, and jelt unable to do justice to such a question, yet he begged those who took the Scriptural view of the matter laid down in another place to give him their attention while he attempted to present to them the grounds on which the question in reality stood. His atten
ON1E POUND R1EWARD.-LOST, in Ilyde park. ounthe evnoing ot Theda sdbthe 30th lat., a T.A T%Y: SILVEgI YATCIL 'Whoever brings tbe snme to07, Canbrl' tr Edne. wareoad. hall eeive the above reo adL IONVERSION of the PUKTTUGUES II ' S'l'(jCK_. OLD BONDS, Debenturee, ko. wil be reee,ed for x.) V FR_ 8ION into Toree per Cent. Bonds, aa before, om t at.-er theoth of Angutbtnexttlflurtbornotice Forme toeet*r thelht 1l, aIi cdoplee of the statement containing the conditiona o1 the cw^r!i,on toay be obtakiedattheAgeucy. BoudsotlSSji ueedtilltbhe,ed of l.o, 18t6 .are now received t. be stamped u before.-Poltiqmeucw Fluaucia. Agcncy. FinsbimaobambereA July b0, 1857. ER MAJESP's THEA'RlC. 'arnewtll kerformancei, at Reduced PriCfe. lAst AvPegrance of Madame Roeetl. T!HIS EVE2hNING (briday, July 31. 1.A TItAVI AIA. Violetta l2tecKoiue,ini; Germlont Cierto ccceo Algreio (liuciln 9So conic'ude with the newt balle d1Tthriselu&1 MtA lic t;PADA: ~YMadamea Boeti (her teat apperane). Mdile. hC'.crnue Niguort EOuZan, Ceechesttl BsJrttU amISS Mantel.so The oerm will crnoonaence at bal Paet 7 o'cloc. o0 Wree lint. B OYAL MPDAUA}N OPERA. l.YCifitM. LAdt Night of the Se;neon Subecriphiou 2N4ht.-Opera and RjLteri. THRIS EVEN>ISG (FCrddav, July 31), the last ni,bt of the rubciptlon will take place, in lieu nt Saturony, tht ler. of Augurt, on vhich Ooceselon a Grand Combined Eo;tert3inimeet wlvl hi given, .comrencmg at 8 odcoek witn D.ralretttfe opera. I.A FAVI RITA~.tealaen lirddi and Tagllseflen 81gnord Orazinci. Ze'lserr S Idi, and Malrio rMdlle. Planlielt and bL, Deeplaceen. At tl,c tere,ieaton o£ -the opera the Natienel Antbem, "God Save the Q er.. . will be eang. After which, the com20diettr entilUed LA COLLERICA, 1Ii which Mladame it.etort and 8ignor llellotti-Bon will opee..r ro cJonclude -wth the dirzertlaeeinent, L.ES A8EILLES:~ Mtd.e. Velechaur. lfI. d)esplncee, Ac. ____ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ TATR2i ROYAL, HtAYM tRI('r. Under tbe Management of Mr. Buci t)etie TflIS E!VENYINYt VICTIM4t *Sewa Bcctetoiie. Howve. W. -2arireu 0Meedarne Renlds, . iMvOivder. >QuAc. Aj i.which, THE .ooteclede with ATALANTA; or, The Three Golde;a Ap!es. Corn- 5nicce at. 7. ___________ lHEIlATRF ROYAL, ADE:LPIII. Proprietor Mrd B. Webrter; Dlrectceee, Mladaeo Clleete. THFIS EVEthN2G, ilE; RP21T DAY: MVe,e,e. B Web3tcr, ECONOY:Nt Mr. Wright andadMite ACrdlen.e And zhF, PiISEUIOU. Z3lTSY: Mtr.Wright, Sfr.P. Bcdfond,MdieM, lKeeley. Mxn.Chabtterley, DEe AriSen. Con.u,ence at 7. R OYAI. PRINCEDSS' THEATRIC. Urnder the MJanagement o: 3Mr. Charle3 Kezeu ES.d i wl by L eeente Su hakeperP^e's plby of THE; ROYAL OLYMPIC THElATRE. Lesere, .Mr. Alfred Wigon. T!ilS ~EtNIN G will be performed t Mnrphy'^e CimedY of ALLI, N 'TREi WRONG (compreeved into three acth). CI.ar..ctvrs by teaers. 17. JRobeju1 Addison, Vintng, O. Cooke, MIrs. SliDing, anld Mien SwanDborongh.. To conclude with btA8ANIELLO. Mntsanlello, Mr. Z. IBobeon. Conmnenre at I poet ?. Leieeee 8MUeeers.hepherd and Cerewiel.. TH11S EVENING, IL. TROVATOiCE: Lucy F.ec.,tt, Miec Lanza, lDIr. 1-Senry Squires, MJr. C Duraud, Mtr. A. Cooke O.rn-iu-tor-bIr. .J. H. Tullev. To conclude with THfE DAUGHTESI OF TIHE ISlEGIMNTS Kere. Mauvers. Coo)ke, Smith; .Min. D)yer. ATLEY'S ROYAL AMdPHITHEATRE,S Leeree end MTanager ir. W, Cooke. THIlB E!V!N>ING, Lord B;rone 71iAZh14'A .e2eIi THBE WIID 'HOIt8E. Coneludlur with W. Cookret grand lecenee In tee Clrcle, 'introduacing SIdLkieMl'lngand other eminent equestrino.s CSommence ~~t 7. ______________________. . TO CORRESPONXDENTS P 'ur redders are requested to observe that the price of Tlhe Times Is reduced to 4d., anJd that 6jid. is the price of a copy wfith the impeassnd stamp affixed. UJnder the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The 1imes is tr nsmissible by post to British colonies and foreigie Coulltries withoult an impressed stamp. CMto notice can be tice,n of anony M ous coth lnuuioationo Whatever is intended for insertion Inust be wuthenticated bydthe name and address of the writerzinot necetsarily for publication, but as a guarantee of bee genoi fajib. oWe cannot undertake to return rejected etmmunicatinoe. .~ ~ ~~~3d e. . eeAx M. .d3- The ubliatiUon of Tx Tms commenced at 5 oelook yesterday morning, cnd fi Sahe at 20 mInutes t. S5 THETR .tYL A PI
LO2VDO.N FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1857. In the House of Lords last night, Lord ELLItNBO1IOUGH caUed the attention of the 'Government to the omission of an iniportant proclamnation by the Board of East India Directors from among the documents recently laid before Parliament bearing on the Indian mutii,ies. The noble Lord then went on to comment on the system of bad government, through clerks and secretaries ratber than by the GOVERNOR-GEzERAL, discovered in those despatches, and concluded by -expressing a hope that when confidence in the intentions of the Government was re-stor(d in the native mind we might again trust the Sepoy Regimcnts. - Lord-GRANLr, could not explain the omission -of the proclamation. With respect to the noble Lord's comments on the Indian system of governmneit, he thoglht that the conduct of Lord CANNING in this trying emergency had been such as to raise him immensely in the estimation of the putblic. After some further discussion the matter dropped Sonme other business was then despatched, and Aheir Lordships adjourned. The House of Commons, at the early sitting, went into committee on the Police (Scotland) Bill, the Clanses of which were agreed to after much dis- eCUs5sion. On the order for the second reading of the New Zealand Loan Guarantee Bill, Sir J. TRELAWNY moved to defer it for six mnouths, suggesting that, as the Colonial Assembly had not recommended the matter unanimously, it would be better to postpone the Bill uutil next session. AMr. LABoucirsER said the question had been considered by a selectcommittee; that the security for the loan was ample, and that the loan was essential to the colony to euable it to place their financialand political affairs on a substantial footirng. The debate was adjourned by the lapse of time. In the evening, in reply to Mr. S. FITZGBERALD, Lord PAI.isERSrTON said that the House having by *a considerable majority affirmed the second reading of the Civil Servico Superannuation Bill, the Government would not offer any further opposition to 'its progress. In answer to Mr. STAFFORD, Sir C. WOOD gave explanations respecting the delay of the Government advices by telegraph from India. A motion by Lord PAL!ERSTONsr, that on Tues,days, during the session, Government orders shall have precedence, led to a discussion of a very miscellaneous character. The motion was ultimately agreed to. The ATTOmNEY-GENErAL moved the 6econd reading of the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, wwhich had been received from the House of Lords. This measure, he observed, had excited in the *country at large great anxiety, and he might say -great alarm, which wvas, however, entirely groundless. The Bill emnbodied long-establibhed principles, and only removed inconveniences attending a remedy hitherto administered by a judicial tribunal. Whatever alarm had been entertained, therefore, -.nust be the result of misapprehension or misrepresentation. He then proceeded to explain the progress of the Marriage Law of England, in what manner it had been judiciaUy administered, and how it had been dealt with by the Legislatute for the last 150 years. It had been, he said, too much the habit of writers and of speakers upon this subject to regard marriage as, by the law of England, in-dissoluble; that a new law was about to be intro. -duced; but the House of Lords, followed by that Mouse, had for nearly two centuries exercised the * jurisdiction of separating parties, according to certain rules, aV rincaulo matrimonwii. Except in relation so malicious desertion, this BiU was an expression of the existing law, transferring the tribunal for admihistering it to one more desirable and beneficial. The form of proceeding was altered, and divested of aU those circumstances which constituted the objectiona to the mode of administering the law as it existed. The law remained; the mode of adlminis-tering it only was changed. The indissolubility of marriage had never been urged by a spiritual peer in the House of Lords as an objection to a Bill for a .divorce; yet, if marriage by the Scriptures was in-dissoluble, every Divorce Bill was a violation of scripture, and if this measure was rejected upon -that ground no Bill of divorce could hereafter be passed. The ATroRnNY-GznXRAL tben addressed 3imself to the scriptural argume-t against the bill, .and was led necessarily into verbal criticism; he showed the extraordinary diversity in the translations, by its opponents, of the important word ropvda, and contended that the Scriptures themselves recognized adultery as a crime which :sapped the very foundation of the marital 'union, and dissolved the bond of Marriage. IXe next discussed the questions as to the antermarriage' oi the guilty parties, and wheither the marriage of separated parties should 'be compulsorily solemnized in facde ccelice. Upon the latter point, he observed that nothing could be more dangerous than to listen to statements, called cosiscientious soruples, about the objections of the clergy to obey the law of this land. After referring to the clause in the Bill which imposed &fine upon the adulterer, and to sorne of the subordinate details of the Bill, he discussed the expediency. of prohibiting guilty parties from intermarrying, and, in conclusion, he reiterated his assertion that the Bill merely expressed and embodied what had been the iaw of England for nearly two centuries, and called upon the HIouse 'ith confidence to read it a second timne. Sir W. HEATnCoTE moved to defer the second reading, for three months. He regarded Bills of divorce as proofs that by the law of England marriage was not dissoluble, and as protests against a change of the law. He disputed the correctness of the inferences drrawn by the ATxonmEY-GFrnsnAL from Scriptural texts, which were at variance, he s,aid, w ith the construction put upon them by the early Chris,tian Church, wrhich held the indissolubility of marriage. The Ref orrnatio Leguem, to which the Arro NEY-Gsmsnan had appealed, did not support the enactments of the Bill; it recognized the equality of the woman with the man. He believed that if this Bill passed we should be ultimately brought into tbe unfortunate condition of Prussia, and that it could not be carried into effect w ithout a wholesale persecution of the ministers of the Church. Mr. DItIMOND opposed the Bill, which, he said, was to do badly, or not at all, what it professed to do, and attempted to do what it had no right to do. From the beginning, the idea of the indissolubilty of marriage prevailed, and' although man may have departed from the will of his CREATOR, GOD did not change though mau did, and in the Scriptures mar- riage was always assumed to be indissoluble. This, Bill would make that the normal condition of our law which had hitherto existed only in exceptional cases. Parliament, in its pride, might decree the dissolubility of marriage; but it could not extinguiah the universal testimony of Scripture. Mr. LuvON likewise opposed the BilL. he considered the authority of the Refaormwatio Legsse as nothing, though it was at variance withthe Bil. From the RWeformation to the reign of OnTAnLEs IL. the Church of England had held the indissolubility of marriage; and We urged that Parliament ought not to legislate hastily upon so serious a subject. MIr. POLLTER said, that there were two features in the Bill which he could not support. One was the obligation which it imposed upon the olergy to marry parties who had been separated. The other was the power given to the judge, on sentence of divorce being pronounced, to fine the adulterer. With regard to the dissolubility or indissolubility of marriage, he wvas prepared tovote for the second reading of the Bil. The question was whether an act of adultery did notf ternef the marriage contract, putting asunder those who had been joined together; and he insisted that the result of Scriptural authority affirmed this proposition. M:r. WPuxLAM said, there were two reasons which induced him to vote for the amendment; one was that It ias pressed on befose the country had time to form and express an opinion upon the subject, and at a time when it could not be properly discussed; the other reason was that the Bill was con- fined to Englald, whereas if ever there was a subject| on which legislation shoold be imperial it was that of divorce. Mr. HATCHELL argued against the Bill, which he opposed because he believed that, by affording increased facilities for divorce, the desire of obhaining it would he increased. Mr. BowYzu observed that, although this pretended to be a poor man's Bil, no petitions had aeen presented in its favour, while petitions from 90,000 persons had been presested against it. The Bill involved the very foundations of society and the fundamental principles of the Divine law. If divorce a MinCo were allowed for adultery it would be impossible to stop there. He maintained that by the law of the Christian Church and the ecclesiasticali law of England divorce d. vinuo was not allowed. The 2n-ivilegoia, as he called Bills of divorce, were a sufficient proof of what the common law of England was, which this Bill would alter. But supposing there was a doubt whether the Divine law did or did not allow divorce di vincuslo, that was a reason for rejecting this Bill. Mr. MA§LINS denied that there vvas any justification for pressing forward this Bill. He was very decidedly of opinion that the interests of society were best promoted by regarding marriage as indissoluble for any cause whatever. By theI law of Eugland marriage was indissoluble, but that lawv would be altered by this Bill, and it would be understood that marriages were dissoluble. This, therefore, was one of the most important questions ever submitted to Parliaxment, and upon this groundI alone he objected to the Bill being urged upon the House sithout time being allowved for its consideration; but he opposed the Bill, he said, upon higher grounds, and he enumerated some of the moral misehiefa which, he contended, would flow from a change of the law that wvould facilitate divorce. Lord J. MANNERS reviewed the two grounds upon which, he said, the aTTloRNEY-GNaRasL had based his argaments in support of this Bill; first that the dissolubility of marriage was the received law of the Church and the State ever since the Reformation; second, that it eas in harmony with declarations in Holy Scripture. He disputed both propositions. It had been said, he remarked, that the principle of this Bill had been well considered in the Houe of Loris; but, with great respect to that branch of theoegifature,this was a question affectlng the people of thie country, and it was not only the right but the duty of that House to see that it received the most deliberate discussion. A change of this kind was not to be effected without reference to othler countries wrhere a laxity of the marriage tie was permitted, and he found that in Prussia the number of divorces was 10 a-day, and he mentioned an inctance of a man who had been six times divorced and even times n.rried. he twarnly advocated the clwim of the clergy to be exempted from ohligations imposed upon them by the Bill, hich they felt to be inconsistent with the dictates of their conscienlce, le should give his mostdetermined opposition to the Bill. Mr. GrnpleDSTONf moved that the debate be adjourned; boft this motion wras resisted, and a division took place by which it was negatived by 188 to 1-9a. Mr. HP.NI.EY moved that the nouse do adjourn, hut this motion being opposed it was withdrawn. Lord LOVAInE then moved that the debate be adjourned, w hich was agreed to. The House then went into committee upon the Ecclesiastical Comrmission, 0 c., Bil; but, after some claases had been gone throught, the CinAaies was ordered to report progress. Several Bills were then forwardedba stage. On the order for going into committee upon the Superannuation Act Amendment Bill, Mr. GLADSTONB inquired what were the intentions of the Governmnent as to the revision of salaries. The CIIASN:ELLOR of the EXCHlEQIJER declined entering npon the discussion at so late an hour (a quarter to 2 o'clock), and suggested the postpone. dient of the committee. Mr. AYHTON moved that the House do adjourn; but this motion was negatived after some discussion. The CHANCULLOR of the EXcOIEQuET then explained the conditions under which he assented to going into committee on the Bill. Sir J. TnELAwNY moved the adjournment of the debate; but the motion was negatived on a division, and the House went into committee on the Bill, which underwent much discussion. The House adjourned at half-past 3 o'clock.
Thc controversy on the Divorce and AIatrimonial Causes Bill has passed into a phase not uncommon in party polemics. The opponents will have it that Government is taking a very strong line in proposing such a measure, wvhile, on the contrary, they are themselves taking no line at all in opposing it. Government, they say, is committed to a downright sacrilege, while themselves are committed to nothing, not to the indissolubility of marriage, not to a doctrine at all, not even, as it would seem, against the measuro itself, however dangerous. The advocates of the Bill say that they are only transferring a class of causes unfortunately of frequent recurrence from the Legislature to a proper tribunal, from an unconstitutional to a constitutional Court. They are proposing, they say, no change in the law itself-that is, in the rules and mnaxims upon which marriages are dissolved. They oray wish that this law, as it has prevailed for nearly two centuries, may henceforth be a,imnnistered by selected and qualified Judg.>,i iivestedc with authority for the purpose. They want to extiguish the immense scandal of conducting minuto and disagreeable investigations in the great Council of the nation, and enacting a succession of privilegid hateful to the principles of this and every sound constitution. The opponents then, including, it is said, sePen thousand clergymen, with the usual proportion of country gentlemen and lawyers; reply,"Oh, we know all that; we admit, aU that ;.. we "don't pretend that marriage is indissoluble; "we don't pretend to understand what the Bible " says abouit it; the readings are corrupt ;. nobody "knows quite what they mean; but, if you.pass "this Bill, we intend to hold you answeiable for all the divorces, dissolutions of marriage, adul"teries, fornications, bigamies, polygamies, and "matrimonial improprieties of all kinds that may "take place, and probably abound, for the future." This is a very free and easy mode of proceeding on the part of the objectors, who think to wield the thunders of HEAVEN without burning their own fingers. It is a sort of bush war. Our statesmen are obliged to act in the face of day, to take a position, and announce precisely what they think necessary for the public welfare and morality. Their opponents, being not statesmen, but divines, and divines of the very worst class-amateurs,-feel no such respensibility. They are under no obligation to tell the nation what it ought to do. Being generally respectable men, with wives, famriles, and good positions, and few drawbacks to their earthly comforts, except that they have not quite money enough for their existing families, and being therefore under no temptation to superadd a second marriage, they do ihot want this Bill for themselves. With the unfortunates who may happen to want it they have nothing to; do. So, as we were told the other day, by a gentleman who described himself as " Secretary to the :Declaration," the clergy do not deny the dissolubility of marriage; they only protest against facilities being given for dissolution. In other words, they admit the Scriptural right of a man to be released from a bad -wife, and permitted to marny again, but they wish to see this Scriptural right in the exclusive possession of Christians who have 2,0001., or more, to spare for its assertion. They think this item of Christian liberty ought to be still very costly. It is with them a question of theological tariff, and in that scale they would put this at the very top of the blessings at the disposal of the Church. The argument for this opinion is human expediency. We can imagine it taken by magistrates, by guardiansof the public peace, by a low class of philanthropists, and by some politicians. We can imagine such men taking a low view of human nature, in its more general form, and thinking no worse of a tradesman or an apothecary for taking his wife back after she had been false to him, or even consoling himself for a matrimonial mishap by vulgar licentiousness. We can imagine the Chairman of Quarter Sessions talking this view of middle-class nature, and putting the working man altogether out of account. People out of good county socieity he may possibly imagine to be a seething and reeking mass of baseness, incapable of any fine feeling, and having no hopes or joys but in the indullgence of their sensual appetites. Of course, in this view it is very politic to tie one animal of this class to another by the most indissoluble bond, and not to allow the male to stickle at the irregularities of his female companion. But, whatever the political, the statistical, and Quarter Sessions arguments for this view, we are surprised to find it counitenanced in theological quarters. The clergy are bound, on their own principles, to apply the same rule to tradesmen and laboirers as to gentlemen and ladies, and to give to the poorer the same " facilities" for extricating themselves from a faitiless companion that they would give, and have long seen given, to the richer. It is no matter of surplise that the clerical and other opponents of the Bill abstain from committing themselves to any specific and intelligible doctrine on the subject. The truth is that Scripture leaves this, like many other social questions, to the improved understanding and feelings of the Church. By the Jewish law the adulteress was punished with death. That penalty was remitted by the Gospel, but it is not stated, nor is it to be supposed, that the Christian husband should be put in a lower position than the Jewish one, and compelled to retain the faithless wife to the end of his life. The New Testament is silent, indeed, as to the course to be taken instead of the terrible solution of the Jewish law ; but that silence, like many other similar gaps, is only an appeal to the good sense and good feeling of the ChriBtian community. The judgment pronounced against wanton and causeless repudiation, as we have formerly observed, has nothing to do with the question before us, which relates to proper and necessary divorce-divorce already perpetrated by actual crime, and only waiting the declaration of law. What are we to do in this case? The New Testament does not lay down any rule for it, and is wholly silent on the subject. We mnst act for ourselves. The law of England-for we must give that name to several hundred decisions by the highest body in the country, all proceeding on the same maxims and rules-decides that the divorced may marry again whom they please. In giving this permission it pronounces no opinion on the quality of such marriages. If the law once began to do this it would soon have work enougb. It leaves such distinctions to popular feeling, which is well able to distinguish between those marriages which are respectable, reasonable, natural, honourable, and decorous, or the contrary; but it does not itself dogmatize or r efine. It allows marriage to as wide a range as reason and compassion enjoin; and if it cannot quote a text at every atep it has no need to force a text, or to overrule one. The advocates of the Bill in the House oE Commons, following the example of the Upper House, have wisely confined themselves to the simple convenience and propriety of assigning these causes to a fit court. Parliament will no longer do three or four times a session what it can do once for all; nor will it insist on doing with its own hands what it can delegate to a competent tribunal. That is the real question -before the House, and it is a sheer dishonesty to treat the doctrine of Divorce as if it were for the first time waiting the decision of the Legislature. Use in this case has become law. It is true the system of rules has developed.; and accordingly now, on a more solemn consideration of the affair, it is proposed to add another well-grounded reason for the dissolution of marriage-viz., adultery on the part of the husband, accompanied -with malicious desertion. In the silence of the New Testament on the subject, and in the consequent necessity of using our own common sense and common feeling, we may reasonably consider that where a man violently, cruelly, and perseveringly repudiates, his wife there is 3. case of virtual divorce which. only awaits a legal declaration and form. That is the only addition to the existing law, as it must be called; and it is a very proper addition to be made at such' a time. The objections now made apply, however, to the whole attempt to get rid of private Divorce Bills, and make them the business -of a proper Court. The objectors insist on Parliament retaining what. t'ey regard as a monopoly of the crime. mrn it is not, but it is not the prTcsvr buainess of a Senate; and that ia o1l the V4waAii nogw to be devidvd, ISth Bill i a national crime, let the Opponents come forward in a manly way and propooe. a resolution that the House will pass no more prioate Divorce Bills. They know the fate of such a rowolution; yet the real question at issue wlould in tllat 5ase be the same, as it is now.
The subject of funerals is an incontestablyquiet and grave subject. We say the subject it.lf is indisputably a grave one, but nobody can possibly prophesy from the nature of the subject itself the mode in which it will ba treated; and it so happens that there is hardly a subject under the sun which becomes so lively and spirited in discussion as this one. If it is not literally true that " even in our ashes live their wonted fires," at any rate the ashes of our neighbours are one of the most powerful stimulants to temper which we know of, and create exhibitions of spirit which shame .the solid and living world. We must invert the old maxim that a living dog is better than a. dead lion. Cemeteries are quiet places themselves, - but men talking about Cemeteries get almost fui'-ous before they have advanced beyond the tmerest preliminaries of the subject. Peace and friendship are in extreme peril for miles round those solemn precincts, and if people shake hands six mbaths after a discussion upon a burialground it is as much as human nature is up to. Take some quiet, phlegmatic man, who has shown no interest in anything living for the last dozen years of his mortal sojourn; you think it iS' all over with him, that the fire of his nature is extinctf that his spirit has evaporated,' thet his intellect is worn out, and that the empire of decay, and Death, are claiming their own again. His friends and relations have in vain tried aU the ordinary expedients to rouse him,-new tburs, Scotch, English, or Continental-new hotels, new vehicles, new lodgings, new servants. Nothing interests him or disturbs the immovable man. You despair, tiU some fortunate moment brings on a Cemuetery row, -vhen he suddenly revives, and rushes headlong with irresistible ardour and vehemence into the thick of the dispute. Or take some learned and philosophical Academician, a scholar who has hardly ever ventured beyond the precincts of ancient art or research, the temple of the dramatic or the historical muse, and whose whole mind is moulded in the most chaste and correct classical type. In conversation he is quiet, guarded, and sensible; if he speaks in public his eloquence is steady, sober, and dignified, flowing evenly in good constructions and polished endings, such, as you would expect to issue forth from the calm regions of the dead languages. He appears to be a person whom you could not ruffle or disturb- by any art or any insolence. It is difficult to know for what living things he cares very much, 'and therefore, as a man, he rather puzzles you. You then try him as a divine with doctrines, but he is evidently in possession of some rationale which elevates him above the level of a party theologian on one side or another. The Fathers pass by him in languid procession, as in a dream, and he gazes on the venerable succession with a courteous but not very deferential eye. He is not excited by the subject of the millennium, or agitated by the different interpretations which are given of tho womln in scarlet, or of the beast with ten horns. His affections as a student lie in another sphere; the question of Ionic and Doric touches him; the races, the politics, and. the. religions of classical antiquity appeal to a deep principle of 'scientific curiosity, but the vulgar strife of modern polemics cannot draw him into their vortex, and he looks with philosophic indifference upon the disputes of the livingreligious and political world. How are you to rouse this impassive personage and shalke him out of his cold and classical dignity? Inveigle him into a Cemetery row. He will then fire up like a real man of flesh and blood; he will throw off the mask of classicalism, and come forward in the character of a sterling Englishman-yes, and throw a fair quantity of good racy English at the heads of his opponents. The subject of the dead inspires him witlh life, and his friends stand by in admiring amazement at the sudden change, which exhibits the refined and correct classic slanging his antagonists right and left in as forcible English as if he had never known another language. The Bishop of ST. DAvm's, who is generally considered a very quiet man, comes forward in a letter, which we give in another column, to hurl defiance at Mxr. MISssY, l\r. xAGLADSTONE, 3Ir. DiLLwYx, MIr. HADFIELD, the House of Commons, ard all the world, in the matter of the new Swansea Cemetery. It seems that there has been a delay in consecrating thme new Cemetery at Swansea, in consequence of the Vicar claiming compensation for the expenses of eonveyance to and fro, the Cemetery being two miles distant from the town. The claim was admitted to be a reasonable one, but it was difficult to arrange a legal fulfilment of it. The opinion of counsel decided that the expense of providing vehicles could not be laid on the borough rates, but that compensation could be afforded the Vicar by " a revision of the interment fees." It appears that the Committee of the Town-council of Swansea adopted this arrangement, which was accepted by the Vicar, approvcd by the Bishop, and that the final step was only put off by the absence of some members of the Town-council, on the subject of local affairs in London. In this interval Mr. BMAssEy inserts a clause in the Burial Acts Amendment Bill which relieves the inconvenience caused by the delay in the consecration of the Swansea Cemetery in a ccmpletely different way-viz., by giving permission to all incumbents to bury in unconsecrated ground, whether with or without the Bishop's consent. The Bishop of ST. DAiv's, in thle letter of to-day, condemns this clause as gratuitous and unnecessary, inasmuch as the causes of the delay of consecration in the Swansea case were now over, and the burialground only waited for a formal act of the Town-council to obtain its legitimate use as consecrated ground; and he asserts that the House passed the clause in ignorance of the true circumstances of the case, and under the untrue impression that an interminable quarrel between the Bishop and the Towu-council interposed between the burialground and its consecration. Accordingly his Lordship treats the House as deceived, and acting altogether under a mistaJke, in passing the clause; but he lashes Mr. hLAsszy severely for having deceived the House, or, at any rate, for having by indolence or carelessness allowed himself to be deceived. Thougb, on his own part, he confesses to " have "no claim on Mr. MASSEY'S consideration or "courtesy a single hair's bzeadth beyond the "exact length of his official tape," his Lordship vindicates the right of the Eouse of Commons to true information. From M. MAssax the :Bishop passes to Mr. GLADSTONE, who bad unfortunately selected' as his ground of opposition to Mr. MAssBy's clause the arkment that the House should not pass a general clause like this, which interfered with the, whole relations of the Bishop and Clergy, merely to meet the case of one individual Prelate "- who was determined to dis"obey the la.Z' He protests against this "calunr-mious ir.salt to an absent man," and doubts Mr. VLADsTr)B&, capacity " to enlighten the " Mouse of Cbmmo=s on a point of law," though 'he addtits Us " ninmifarious accomplishments," in a ton% hww=mrB, wbich iniuates that the oaue - w * - - - S ~muw OIW accomplishments are rather too multfsiir and that that distinguished person would not be nmwise in curtailing them. From " the legal " erudition and acuteness of Mr. GLADSTONI;" the Bishop passes to the " vulgar sectarian animosity " of the MIember for Sheffield." It is only fair to admit that there is some justice in the Bishop of ST. DAvI's case. Certainly, as a matter of fact, the circumstances of fhe delay of the Swansea Cemetery consecration, as he states them, which we suppose of course to be corTectly, -were not laid before the House at the passing of that clause, which was carried upon a very different impression as to facts. If, as the Bishop says, the delay was purely temporary, and was immediately to cease, it was not worth While passing that clause, and the House is therefore put in a false position by it. At the same time, the Bishop might have stated his case with rather less warmth and indignation, and with a less copious supply of epithets. But we suppose he found it impossible, when it came to the trial, to resist the essential liveliness of his theme. We must refer the"e impetuous sallies to the ebullient vitality of the funereal subject, which fairly carries men off their legs, and inspires them with an unwonted ardour which they do not knor how to restrain.
It may not be forgotten that about a fortnight back we gave publicity to a rumour which had been current among persoas the most likely to be wellinformed upon the subject of the National Gallery. Tho rumour was this :-It was said that' when Parlia'o=it had risen, and during the recess, it was the intention to remove the pictures now in the lN!ational Galery to Kensington-gore. The Royal Commission appointed on an Address from the House of Commons, as we stated, had made its Report, and we addea that this Report was in favour of the site of the present National Gallery. Last week the subject, in consequence of what was said inthe columns of this journal, was very properly mentioned by Bfr. WISE in the House of Commons. In answer to a question from that gentleman the CHAXCELLOR of the EXCREQUEE endeavoured at first to treat the rumour and the alleged Report of the Royal Commission in the good old style of the Treasury Bench, of which we had such extensive experience during theRussian War. According to Sir CoRxr;rALL LEwIS, " The rumour "was deserving of little notice." "liHe could, "however, assure the hon. gentleman that the "Report of that Commaission had not yet been pre- ' sented." This was a little too much even for the practised patience of the House; accordingly our Parliamentary report for the day proceeds," (Murmurs of dissent.) Well, he had not seen a "copy of it, he was ignorant of its contents, and "he could only say that the Government hadcome "to no decision upon the subject." It was never said that the Government had come to any decision upon the subject. If the rumour be true-and we repeat that it came to us accredited by the highest authoritY of which "rumour" is susceptible-the obvious policy was for the present a wise inaction. During the recess, -when the representatives of the people were all absent, it would have been ample time to take the Report of the Royal Commission into consideration, to treat it as a nullity, and to carry the change into effect. When Parliament again assembled it would have been almost impossible to compel the Government to retrace its steps. To proceed with the discussion of last week :-Mr. WIsE, very naturally dissatisfied with the ambiuous answer of the CHaEioLor of the EXCHEQUE^R, persisted in his inquiry. Sir GEORGE GWEEY then rose in support of his friend and colleague ;-" he was the o only mermberofitbeGovernment who had seen c the Report, and he had not had time to read it." The Report, which we publish elsewvhere, consists of three pages and a-half of printed matter, and the perusal of it wiiU possibly task tbe faculties of an ordinary reader for the space of ten minutes, or those of a Mlinister for, say, a quarter of an bour. Sir GEORGE GREY added that -which at the time we believe was true-namely, "He had received a copy of it, and also c a letter from Lord BROUGHTON, the Chair" man of the Commission, stating that they "had as yet been unable to append to the Re"port the documentary evidence connected with "it. When the Report in a complete state was "in the hands of the Government it would be " laid before Parliament; at present it was " impossible for him to say what conclusions "would be drawn from it, but he had no doubt "that it would receive the fuUest consideration." In this way Sir GEORGE GRE:9 and the CHANCELLOR of the EXcnEQUER endeavoured to fence off Mfr. WlISE's question. At the conclusion of the conversation, howrever, in reply to a remark from Mlr. Avrom., who asked for somethiing like an assurance that the Government would not commit the House to any course without an opportunity for discussion, Lord PALMERsToN decisively said,"Surely no pledge is necessary. 'No steps can be "taken to build a new National Gallery without "the vote of the House." We take note of this assurance. Lord PAIMERSTO2N'S higli position and higher character inspire us with full confidence that he will not permit any dibingenuous dealing upon a matter which he has thus virtually assured the Ilouse shall be reserved for their decision, as it should be of right. And now for the Report of the Commission. The Royal Conimissioners were originally in number Bix. 1Mr. FORD, the well known Spanish traveller, was one of these, but in Consequence of ill health he declined to act. Five commissioners remained,-naiiely, Lord I3BOUG11TON, the Chairman, Dean MIL,-1AN, Professor F.ARADAY, NVr. C. R. COCKERELL, and MIr. G. RICIcaro2xn. The conclusion at which the Royal Conimissioners arrived was this :-" It only remains for us "to state, that having duly considered the premises, tne huave decided by a majority of three "votes to one (one of our colleagues having ' declined to voto) in favoier of the site of thte prCesen6 N .otionalt Galliry." The Commissioner who declined to vote at all was, we believe, Professor FARADAY. NTow, is it possible to treat such a decision as a nullity ? We have no wvish on the subject but that the best site, whatever that may be, shall be selected; and surely this is a point upon which the judgment of the Commission is entitled to respect. We well know how greedily theirdecision wvould have been snapped at bad it been in favour of Kensington. It is our belief that the vast preponderance of opinion is in favour of the retention of the present site, which is the most central one in London, and in every way the best adapted for the purpose. The only poinat which can be urged against this is, that in TrafalgarIquare the pictures are more liable to be sullied by the metropolitan smoke than in a more suburban situation. This point is thus noticed by the Royal Commissioners;-" In regard to atmos" pheric imparities, it is, as has been previously "admitted, infelior to the site at Kensington"gore; but additional care, the more general pro"tection of the pictttres by glass-which is strongly recommended by some of our more competent " vitnesses-architectural improvements in a new "building, and recent logislation-which has done "much to purify the metropolitan atmosphere, " and may do more-would probably much improve " its present condition." Of this there can be little doubt, while> on the other hand, the merits of tho present ite, as far as locality is concerned, are unquestionable. It is not only that the NationalGallery in sue a situation would be most easy of access to all classes, but, when we look to the architectural development of the town, there can be no doubt that our national pictures would be most fitly placed in a suitable building at one end of that magnificent street which leads to Westminster Abbey and the 'louzes of Parliament. This ought to be one of the finest, perhaps the finest, street in Europe, when the block of houses between King-street and Parlia, ment-street is removed, when the Pablic PIlIees are erected, and when proper fountains are substitutel in Trafalgar-square for the miserable squirts which at present disgrace it. If for the -present it should be judged advisable not to incur the expense, let us hold our hands and wait until we can afford it. B'.t,v when the thing, is done, whether it be now or at any future timq, let it be properly done. Let us crown that magnificent street which runs from Charing-cross to Westminster Abbey with a stately building in which the pictures of the English nation shaU be fitly deposited. Let the building be worthyr of the wealth and glory of the British name. The Commnittee of the House of Commons which was appointed in February, 1848, to report upon this subject unanimously decided in favour of the present site. Sir CnAnTms BAmyiv was examined before this Committee, and we refer -to his evidence merely to show that sufficient accommodation can be secured there. Sir CEARLzS B.AnRY said,-" I am of opinion that if the site of " St. Martin's Workhouse were ptirchased, an "alteration-were made in the form-of th-e Barrack"yard, and a portion of Castle-street stopped,-if "the Royal Academ.y were located elsewhere, the "portico and other projections beyond the-line of "the present front taken down, and considerable "additions were made to the present building, a "National Gallery could be obtained on the "present site that would be an ornament, to the "metropolis, and afford accommodation equal to "the requirements of the country for the national "pictures for ages to come." It is perfectly true that at a later period Sir CHAnLEs BRuy came to the conclusion that it would be a good plan to remove the pictures to the British Museumx.: This is a step on the propriety of whicll we can all form our own judgment; but it will be remarked that we only quote Sir CHAnRLES BAURM's evidence to show that, in his opinion, there is ample room for a National Gallery at and -about the present site in Trafalgar-square. It is also true that another Committee of the House of Commons sat in 1850, which reported against any further expenditure upon the present National Gallery in Trafalgar-square, but which would not positively recommend its removal elsewhere. The preservation of the pictures and convenient access were the only points touched upon in the second Report, and we venture to think that the Committee of 1848 had already disposed of one point, and the Royal Conimission of 1857 has now successfully dealt with the other.
THE INDIA AND CHINA MAIXL [The following appeared in our second editiont of yea. terday :_1 We have been favouredc with the following despatch from the Peninsular and Oriental Colnpany " The Vectis arrived at 3Marseilles with tha Tndia and China mails at 5 o'clock this morning (Thursday). The mails were to leave for London at 10 a.m."
INDI4A. The folloving appeared in a fourth edition of the mfo7ning Post of yesterday. We have taken the liberty of correcting some of the errors in the names of places, &c. - "MARSEILLES, THumDAY, 30. "The Indian papers are full of details of the rebellion, which was universal in Bengal. "The Weny (?) Corps has been disarmed. "The 70th Native Infantryv were thanled by the Governor for their loyalty. The 6th Native Infantry, at Allahabad, rivalled them in expressions of attachment, but rose upon their officers and foully murdered them. " There are not the slightest symptoms of disaffection in Madras or Bombay. The Bengal iarmy has ceased to exist. "The stations where women and children have fallen victims to the barbarity of the mutineers, and where dreadful cruelties have been endured, are Meerut, Delhi, Nusseerabad, Hansi, Hissar, Jhansi, Bareilly, and Saghenwoor. " On the 15th of June another sortie from Delhi was repulsed with great loss. On the 16th all was quiet. 3,000 rebels were encamnped outside the Ajmere gate. "From Mirzapore the accounts up to the 20th of June are satisfactory. Aniong the refugees from Repewa are Dr. and Mrs. Parker, Rev. - Ruther and wife; from Benyon Suli, ~Vordsworth, Howard, Calles, Blandford, and Philpott. "At Ferozepore, on the 13th, military executions had taken place. " At Jhansi ladies and children took refuge in the fort, which was soon overpowered-all sacrificed by these villains. "General Ontrara had arrived at Bombay. All was quiet in the Punjab. "Escaped from Hansi and Hissar:-Captain Moorse, Strafford, and child; Dr. Scott, Tapsell, Vaughan and two children, Mr. and MIrs. Scareden and three children, AIr. and Mrs. J. Warren and three children, Mlr. Jews, Hickey, Tapwell, and Mallop, Dr. Waghorn, Mr. Daniels and child1 Mlr. Hollot, Taylor, and many others. " Delhi is not likely to fall till rore troops arrive. It is defended by 30,000 mutineers. " Part of the plot had been to take CElcutta on the 23rd of May. It was most complete in its arrangements. WVhen discovered, the troops botnd for Olina were sent for as fast as they could arrive. The AMalacca has arrived at Calcutta. "Sir Patrick Grant has come to Calcutta from Mradras and acts as Commander-in-Chief, but Sir Henry Somerset, in Bombay, really holds the supreme command."
NAnow ESCAPE.-As the wife of Sir W. B~. 0. Cooke, ef Wheatley-haU, near Doacaster, was going out for a drive in her brougbam, with a fte pair of horses, on. Wednesday last, one of the animaLs, it is supposed fromL being struck by a gadfly, began kicking, and, having pt its leg over the pole, frightened the other horse, on whbch both started off at a furious rate in the direction of a sunk fenoe in front of the hal. The coachman, however, managed to pull the animals round a little, when they rushed tov&rds & group of trees, which they thre3ded safely, and then Made for tho coachyard, in passing through the gate of whicll the off-wheel of the carriage came in contact with the pott on that aide with great force, and one of the lamps, togtther with the ironwork in which it was suspended, was torzn off and dashed into the darriPge, just znissin the h of lady Cooke and falling into her lap. The coadunau was pitched off thD box severa yards in fron of the carriage, and rendered insensible b thefal. h footman, who was also on the box, continued tokeep his s4it by clinging tothe carriage. The horses then dashed on towards a stone wall, against which thoy ran madly, breakinj the carnage-pole to shivers, and smashing the'carriage. Several ef the servants from the hall immediately ran up 'to stricate their mistrens from her perilous position, when'they found she had quietly kept her seat all the timle,. auk had not sustained the slightest injury. Thefootman on the box also escaped injury, but was taken down in terrible f * ht, his hair literally standing on end. Lady Cooke at once ran to the coachman, and directed him to bo rentoved into the house, where surgical assistance was soon obtained for him, and he has since gone on well. The horses were greatly injured about the loins and hips, but not so much as might have been expected. ORYSM&L PAAo.-ONM SHIUNG DAY, TsRMiS- DAY, JULY 30-Admissions on payment, 6,74A; ditto bl EeMon tickets, 49$; total vWisitors, 7,242.
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES-OFFICB, Friday M07jng9. EXPRESS FRO?MI PARIS: The foLlowing is the letter of our Paris correapondent, dated yesterday (Thursday), 6 p.m.:- The question of the Danubian Principalities is likely to give some more trouble to the Porte and the alies of the Porte. The French Government in particular feels extremely disappointed at the manner in which the elections in MIoldavia are conducted. A note is in course of elaboration, to be communicated to the Turkish Ambassador at this Court. It will announce that the French Government has seen with regret the conduct of the Kaimakan of Moldavia, that it regards the present elections as null and void on the ground of illegality, and will demand that the people shall be again called upon to perform this important act of citizenship. The unhappy Turkish Ambassador, who had escaped from the sultry sky of Paris to inhale the pure air of the sea-coast, has been summoned back in order to have inflicted on him the Emperor's lecture on the purity and legality of elections, and on the enormity of Government functionaries unduly interfering in them, together with any additional comments on constitutional government which the Minister for Foreign Affairs may think proper to offer on his own account. In the views expressed in that note we are told that Prussia, Sardinia, and, with some shades of difference, Russia coincide, while England and Austria hold out. The question in debate between Spain and Mexico, on which, as I have already informed you, English and French mediation has been accepted, wil be further discussed, and it is hoped satisfactorily settled, in Paris. Lord Elowden arrived here this morning from Madrid. Colonel Barmann, Minister Plenipotentiary of Switzerland in France, transmitted, some days back, his resignation to the Federal Government, and has left Paris for Berne. After being for eight years Charge d'Affaires, he was in 1856 promoted to the rank of Minister Plenipotentiary. His retirement is greatly regretted by the diplomatic body and by the Swiss residents in Pails. Prince Charles Bonaparte, Prince of Canino, eldest son of Prince Lucien, brother of the first Napoleon, died yesterday at his residence in the rue de Lille, in Paris, at the age of 51, having been born in 1803. He had married the Princess Zenaide, only daughter of Joseph Bonaparte, King of Spain. The deceased Prince has been a widower since 1854. He leaves eight children, of whom tle eldest, Prince Joseph Lucien Charles Bonaparte, serves in the army, and the second, Prince Lucien Louis Joseph, has embraced the clerical profession. Ee is one of the Pope'sChamberlains, and is expected to be soon promoted to the purple. The deceased Prince Charles was attended by his children on his death-bed, and received the sacraments of the Church from the hands of the cur6 of his parish. The news of his death, caused by dropsy of the chest, from which he has long suffered, was at once sent by telegraph to the Emperor at the camp of ChAlons-sur-Marne. M. Fould, Minister of the Imperial Household, was present at the last moments of the Prince, and, in the absence of the Emperor, caused seals to be placed on all his papers and personal effects. The Prince of Canino was a distinguished savant. Hle was corresponding member of most of the learned academies of Europe and America, and his works on natural histoty, and particularly ornithology, are spoken of as some of the most valuable contribu. tions to science. Copies of the decree for sending to trial the Italians charged with conspiring to assassinate the Emperor have, by command of the Minister of Justice, been posted in the streets of Paris. Mhe Minister of Justice lately appointed a commission to examine the laws on defamation, and to report on the expediency of modifying them. The commissioners have reported that, for the present, it is not necessary to make any change. The Municipal Council of Paris yesterday, in presence of Baron Haussmann, the Prefect of the Seine, opened its ordinary session for the examination of the city accounts for 1856, and for voting its budget for 1858. The receipts for the first-named year amounted to 72,109,652f., ordinary and extraordinary. It results, from a comparison of the octroi receipts of the first six months of 1856 with those of the coiresponding period of 1857, that the increase hag not slackened, and that there is therefore every reason to suppose that the total, which in 1856 amounted to 44,894,088f., will in 1858 reach the sum of 46,000,OOOf. The prodluce of the charge for admaission to the Bourse reached on the 30th June last the sum of 681,073f., of which 355,S75E. were for subscriptions, and 355,198f. for daily admissions. It must, however, be remarked that the first six months of the year comprise the four most productive ones, and the second half-year the four which are the least so, and the receipts for which are only calculated by the prefect at 120,000f. There is also reason to sup. pose that experience will prove the advantage derived from taking subscriptions, and that the amount of the daily receipts will consequently diminish. In consequence of that idea, the calculation for 1858 is only G00,OOf. The tax on dogs produced in 1856 413,810f., or 113,000f. more than the amount estimated for in the last budget, but it is evident that the law,which has already had the effect of reducing the number of dogs, will continue to produce that result, and in consequence the sum of S00,000f., as was calculated for the present year, is maintained in the budget for 1858. A serious accident occurred last Tuesday night between Chflons and Epernay, on the Strasburg Railway. The tra:n No. 24 was returning to Paris, when the waggon containing the baggage took fire, unknown to the servants, a short distance from Jalon-les-Vignes. The engineer, unconscious of what had happened, was hastening the speed of the locomo tive, when the fire, farntcd by the wind, extended its ravage, inlcreased in intensity, and shortly afterwards the flames, rising in a whirlwind, covered the waggon. The engineer then blew the alarm whistle, and the conductors lost no time in tightening the breaks, so as to stop the train as quickly as pos. aible. Unfortunately, at the sight of the flames the travellers who were in the carriages nearest to the baggage-waggons, and particularly the women and children, raised piercing cries, and created a panic which it is easy to comnre hend. A great number of travellers, without waiting for the train to be stopped, forced open the doors and jumped out on the road. Tuanks, however, to the energy of the railway servants, the train was stopped, and the burning waggon separated from the others. The fire was then extenguished without much difficulty. During this time all possible attention was given to the wounded, amounting to eight or nine. Four of the travellers, two women and two ehildron, were killed. It iS believed that one is Madame BoulYchoff, a cousin of Prince Balabine, an attech, to the Russian Embassy. It was found necessary to leave some of the wounded at Epernay, as they were unable to continue their journey to Paris. The railway directors sent surgeoons from Paris by an express train to dress their wounds. After the fire was extinguished the train continued its course to Paris, where it arrived one hour and 25 minutes behind time. The directors of the railway company have communicated the following particulars to the Paris papers:- "The train No. 24 quitted Strasburg on the 28th for Paris, and at the station of Oiry the baggage waggon toak iire. The carriage coming from Metz, placed immediately behind that waggon, was almost exclusively occupied by women and children. At the sight of some sparks of fire the women, yielding to a very regrettable panic, opened the doors, notwithstanding the earnest efforts of a traveller to prevent them, and jumped to the ground, Carying their children with them. The train being in motion, the consequences inevitable in such cases ensued. We have to deplore the loss of two ladies and two childrea killed by the fall. Eight other persons are slightly wounded. This misfortune is a fresh example of the danger arising from the public not observingtherailwayregulations. If, as those regulations command, the travellers had not attempted to alight from the train while In motion, but had waited for it to stop, which it did in a few minutes afterwards, we should not have had to deplore any accident. The fire appears to have been communicated to the interior of the baggage-waggon by some combustible matter contained in travelling trunks of which the contents wero unknown, as they were sealed and leaded at the Custom-house of For bach." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " MADRID, JULY 29. " The Church is to receive inSCriptions on the consolldated fund as an indemnity. "M M. Garrigo is the new military governor of Madrid. " A service of steam-boats is orgauized between Spain and C Lba." "TRIESTE, JuTLy 30. " A note, signed by 3f de Thouvenel aid Lord Rcdcliffe, demands-1. That the Porte shall dismiss the judges who sentenced the Jew recently executed at Tunis. 2. The proclamation of the Tanzlmat In the Regency of Tanis. 3. That an indemnity shall be given to the family of the victims. "M r. Murray has consented to enter Teheran without an escort of troops." The Dbacts takes advantage by the marriage of Princess Charlotte of Belgium to draw the attention. of the public to the remarkable position attained by the house of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha in Europe by means of its matrimonial alliances. It believes that the result of these alliances will be most favourable to the influence of England, and that it will draw still closer the political union of Great Britain and Anstria. I extract the following passages:- " The King of the Belgians is a prince of the house of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, which has become great and powerfaI within a space of 30 years. He Is the uncle of Prince Albert, husband of Queen Victoria. The numerous children of the Queen are Coburgs. Apart from the near relation. ship existing between the two Royal Famnilies of England and Belgium, the Queen of England is tenderly attached to King Leopold, her uncle, whom she considers, with justice, one of the wisest and most eminent Sovereigns of Europe. The Princes of the House of Coburg are destined to reign one day over Great Britain and Belgium; but with this difference, that the Coburgs of England wiU preserve the Protestant faith of their fathers, while the Coburgs of Belgium will be Catholic, like the French Princess, their mother. This circumstance favours in a slngular manner the aggrandizement of the House of Coburg, which may aspire to any alliance. Thus the Princes of the Belgian branch marry in Catholic Austria, while the eldest Princess of the English branch allies herself to Protestant Prussia. The time, therefore, is not far distant when Coburgs will be found every. where in Europe, and as relations or friends of the King or Queen of England they wil reflect on that nation the great. ness and power for which they are iudebted to their numerous aliances. At the present moment, King Leopold, who is so closely connected with the Queen of England and the Emperor of Austria, would be an excellent intermediary for bringing about a political union between them; and his consumnaate experience and profound knowledge of the men and politics of Europe would not fail him in that task. We have stated already that Europe cannot see with an indifferent eye the intimate alliance which is gradually being established between Austria and England. We may mention that the union of those two countries in former times by no means prejadiccd the interests of Prussia or Russia. On the contrary, Prussia, protected by that union, rose to the rank of a great Power, laid the foundation of futuro aggrandizement, and at present balances in the Germanic Confederation the influence of Austria. Russia also conquered immense tracts, which gave her the rule of the Baltic and the Black Seas, and so powerful an in(luence over the German States as to lead to the belief that the equilibrium and independence of Europe were menaced. Are we to conslder the family alliances of the Royal House of Belgium and of the Imperial House of Austria as a step towards the ancient alliance between Eng. land and Austria ? We do not believe that such is the case, but we can comprehend the interest with which Europe watches the political effects of these alliances." Marshal Randon, Governor-General of Algeria, is about to come to Paris on business connected vith his command, and he will remain in Paris for the Emperor's fete on the 15th of August. The majority of the Board of Directors of the Bank of France have rejected to-day the proposition for lowerlng the rate of discount to 5 per cent. This resolution caused heaviness at the close of business. The Three per Cents. closed at 66f. 65c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 92f. 75c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,447f. 50c. ; Great Northern, 852f. 50c.; Strasburg, 700f.; New Shares, 682f. 50c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 933f. 25c.; Western of France, 730!.; Bordeaux and Cette, 687f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 605L.; Lyons and Geneva, 695f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 947f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 673f. 25c. ; Roman Railways, 502f. 50c.; Russian Railways, 517f. 50c. Cour5s Autintique - PARis, July 30. - Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., (not reimbursable for 10 years), 92f. 75c.; Three per Cents., 66f. 90c. 85o. 70c.; Bank of France, 2,870f.; ditto (275f. paid), 2,870f. ; Credit Foncier, 555f.; ditto, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 425f.- ditto Three per Cents., 390f.; ditto, Tenths, Four per (!ents., 87f. 50c. 86f. 25c. ; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents,, 80f.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 955f. 957f. 50c. 952P. 50c. 950f. ; Discount Bank, 700f. 695f. 692F. 50c.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 89f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 89f.; Route do Naples (Rothschild), 108f. 75c. ; Romans, 86 87; Spanish Deferred Converted, 2S;; ditto Three per Cents., Interior Debt, 363. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 26f. 20c. ; money, 25f. 20c.; three months, paper, 24!. 85c.; money, 24f. 521c. BELGIUM. On Tuesday afternoon a grand promenade of the Royal party took place through the principal streets of Erussels in seven openCourt carriages. Inthe first were three of the aides-de-camp of His Majesty. Next followed a caldwhe and six horses, in which were the King, the ArchdukeFerdinand Maximilian, the Archduchess Charlotte, and the Archduchess Margaret. In the others were the Duke and Duchess de Brabant, the Achdiuke Charles Louis, and a certain number of persons of distinction. Four outriders were the only escort. On leaving the Palace the Royal party were ssguted with loud criesof "ViveleRoU" "ViselkfamileRc1joe!" and the acclamations were renewed with the greatest enthusiasm as the cortdge passed along. Later in the day, a grand banquiet was given by the city of Brussels, at the Hotel de Ville, to His Majesty, his son-in-law, the Archduke, the Princes, and a numerous and distinguished party. Soon after 6 o'clock the King arrived, accompanied by the Archdukes Maximilian and Charles Louis, Prince Augustus of Saxe-Coburg, the Duke do Erabant, a;nd the Count de Flandre, with their respective aides-de-camp and orderly officers. They were received at the foot of the grand staircase by M. de Brouckbre, the Burgomaster, who wore the Grand Cordon of the Order of Francis Joseph, and were conducted to the grand salon, where His Majesty presented the Archduke to Mine. de Brouckhre. Three tables were laid in the grand salle, the upper one, that for the King, being pla^ed on a raised platform. One of the other tables was presided over by the Burgomaster, and the other by M. Henri de Brouckhre. The King occupied the centre of the upper table. On his rlght were placed the Archduke Maximilian, Prince Augustus of Saxe-Coburg, the Count de Flandre, the Cardinal Archbishop, Baron de Vrints de Truenfeld, M. Delehaye, President of the Chamber of Representatives, and Prlnce Clary Aldringen. On his left were placed Mme. de Brouckere, the Archduke Charles Louis, the Duke de Brabant, Mmie. Nagelnackers, Count Archinto the Prince de Ligne, Count Fery Vichy, and Vis! count Vilain XIV., Minister of Foreign Affairs. On either side of the Burgomaster were the Ministers of Justice and Public Works, and opposite him the Ministers of Finance and War. At either side of M. Henri de Brouckere were the Count Cittadella and the Baron de Holstein. At the desserb the King rose and proposed the health of the Emperor of Austria, which was drunk with loud applause. The Archduke Maxilian replied by proposing the health of King Leopold, which was received with enthusiasm. The Burgomaster after. wards proposed the healths of the Archduke and Archduchess Maximilian, which gave rise to loud bursts of acclamaLion. The company afterward. retired to the salons, where coffee was served, after which theKing and the other members of the Royal party and their suites left, and returned to the Palace, being hailed with the loudest cheers as they passed. A Venetian fete was given at night on the canal, and is described as exceedingly briiant. Upwards of 60,000spectators were assembled on the banks to witkess this novel spectacle. Two power ful bands had been placed in orchestras erected for the occasion, and played in succession Belgian and Austrian airs. About half-past 10 o'clock the King, accompanied by all the members of the Royal Family,including the newly-married couple, arrived, and were hailed with the most enthusiastic cheers. The boats which took part in the f&te were fitted up in the most tasteful manner, and splendidly iluminated with Venetian lanterns, many of them bearing transparencies appropriate to the occasion. The fdte terminated with a brilliant display of fireworks. The Royal party did not retire until near midnight. ITALY. A letter from Leghorn of the 21st inst. informs us that 20 of the individuals axrested for the affair of the 30th of June had been set at liberty, but fresh arrests were being made every day. The greatest vigilance was exercised at the port. On the 21st the police surrounded an English steampacket on its entrance into the harbour, and searched it strlctly, but witiout finding anytbing. The English Consul was present at the search. It is said that the Tuscan Government expects a certain person to arrive there whom it is anxious to arrest. SPAT1f. Accounts from Madrid of the 26th inst. announce the arrest of Colonel Julian Frias, a member of the late Constituent Cortes, and his committal to the prison of San Francisco. Colonel Frias commands the infantry regiment of Leon, and after the dissolution of the Cortes he remained at Madrid, under the orders of the Minister of War. In consequence of the excessive heat of the weather at Madrid, the hours of business had been changed at the Ministry of the Interior. The offices are opened at 9 in the morning, and closed at 3 in the afternoon. ELECTRIC TELGRAPHIC DESPATCO .S, (FROau OUTB OW.S COBnRSPONDM-T.) LIVERPOOL, FRIDAY MoBmqG. Wind N.W. Arrivad.-GerzIna, Scala Nova, Westminster. Win.QUEENSTOWN, JULY 29. Wind S. Arnived.-Pietro, from Odessa; N1ho, from smail; Fidget, from Lbrail; Waldensian, steamer, from Odessa. Off.-Pactolus, from Barbados. WATERFORD, JULY 29. Wind W.S.W. A'rived.-Istamboul, from Galatz. (BY SUBSAIJNE AND BRILSu TEGRAPI.) GRAVESEND, FRIDAY, 9.30 &.u. Wind W. ; tide two hours' ebb; cloudy. Arrived, 30th.-Nile, from Hongkong. Arrived, 31st.-Duchess of Norbhumberlaud, from Mon. soorcottah; Lansdowne, from Colombo; Rends, from Thisted; Perseverance, from Medinbleak. Sailed, 31st.-La Hogue, for Sydney; Primede, for Guayaquil. DEAL, FRIDAY, 9 A.M. Wind, W.N.W., moderats; weather fine. Passed.-Britannia (screw steamer), from Cad;z, for London; Panmure, from Suuderland, for Constantinople; Bermondsey, from Bombay, for London; Norma, from Quebec, for London; Stamboul, from Barbados, for London (supposed). STOCK EXCEANGE. FRIDAY MORRIN'G, 11 O'CLOCu. Console for Money ... ... ... 004 to 90} Ditto for the Account (6th Augcst) 904 to 90.0
CimLE IN FRANCE.-An account was given about a month ago of AL Anglade, cur6 of Brassac, in the Ari6ge, having been found murdered Un his house, and of a man named Dupuy having been arrested for the crime. This man has been brought to trial before the Court of Assizes of the department. It was proved that the murder was committed by blows from a hatchet, is the curc was seated alone in his house; that the prisoner had been seen to leave the house just at the moment at which the cur6's sister and cousin came in and discovered the murder; and that he was shortly after arrested with his clothes stained with blood, while the hatohet with which the deed had been dore, and iwhich was known to have been in his possession, was seized, It was proved also that on being arrested the prisoner made this confession :-"I am the criminaL I went to the curd's house with the Intention of murdering him, and afterwards of committing a robbery I took with me my hatchet. On entering I asked him if he could give me the register of my baptism; he offered me a chair, and took down the register. As ho was turning over the leaves I struck him on the head with my hatchet, and he fell dead without uttering a cry. I then proceeded to ransack his drawers for money and valuables, but was in. terrupted by tbhe arval of his sister and cousin." The jury declared the man guilty, with extenuating circum. s.ances, and the Court sentenced him to hard labour for life. Tni INCREASE OF OCEAN STEAmERs.-.The increase of ocean steamers may be regarded as one of the most remarkable features of the age. But a few years have one by since the first experiment was made, and now teso extraordinary agents of commerce and travel may bo counted by hundreds. According to a list before us there are no less than 14 steam lines between Europe and America, which make 586 trips per annum. The steamer Clyde, running between Quebec and Glasgow, and several other irregular or transient steamers, are not included in this list. The aggregate is qulte sufficient to allow a calculation of upwards of five steamship departures per week from America to Europe and an equal number from Europe to America. Soon, no doubt, we shall have a daily line from each side of the Atlantic, the larger part of which will arrive at and depart from New York. The German steamers are commonly doing a good passenger business, and a heavy freight is carried by the Havre and some of the Liverpool liners ; but it is evident that the amount of business offering is quite inadequate to the maintenance of so large and expensive a steam fleet in addition to the sailing fleet, with which they are in direct competition. The Journal of Commerce, from which we glean the above facts, very justly remarks, "How this strife for the mastery of the ocean will eventuate is left for the future to determlne."-BaWtmnorc 4mr,ezena,
ELBOTION COMMITTEES. IPSWICEH At the sitting of the committee at 11 o'clock yesterday morning ftrther evidence was given in support of the peti. tion against the return of Mr. Cobbold. Edward Frnmks, a freeman, living at Lwington, about sIx miles from Ipswich, stated that on the election day he had been offuerdcf21 by a stout gentleman, who wore a white hat, if he would vote for Cobbold and Selwyn. This offer was made at the committee.room. He went and voted for Cobbold and Selwyn, and then returned to the room for the money, but he was only able to get half a sovereign. The half-sovereign was not given by the same person who had offered the 24 He had paid 4d. for riding to Ipswich in a carrier's cart, amd he walked home. He shonld not have voted if he had not been promised two sovereignls. Oncross-examination, the witness said he had received the half-sovereign at the bottom of the stairs. He asked for his travelling expenses. Jeremiah Keeble, the landlord of a house in which committee-rooms had been hired for the purposes of the election by Mr. Pierce, was examined, but nothing material was elicited. This was the close of the case in support of the petition. Mr. WILKrNsO then proceeded to call evidence on behalf of the sitting member, Mr. Cobbold. Mr. Arthur Thomas Cobbold, the brother of the sitting member, said he knew a con named Wells, a tenant of a publichouse belonging tohis father. Wells held the house on the terms of not paying any rent, but of paying for a hcense and the taxes. He was allowed to occupy it on those terms, because the business had fallen off very much The tenancy commencedin 1855, and in October, 1856, Wells came to him and complainedthat the rent and taxes were very heavy, and said he could not continue to occupy the house unless he had a statement in writing that no rent should be called for. An agreement to that effect was accordingly prepared, as it had never been intended that he should pay rent. The witness denied that this agreement was given with any reference to the election, or in order to induce Wells to vote for Cobbold. On being cross-examined by Mr. E. JAxxs, Mr. Cobbold said he was not a partner in the brewery. His brother was not a partner with his father in the brewery, but he was in the wme and spirit business. The witness was subjected to a severe cross-examination in reference to the agreement with Wells, and admitted that he had signed it on the day of the election, and that Wells had asked for it when he can. vassed him forCobboldand Selwyn. The agreement had been written out by a clerk about threo weeks before the election, and he signed it on that day because the man wranted it. On ze-examination, he said he had no communication with the sitting member with respect to the agreement, and he had not acted as the agent of the sitting member in any way. Mr. Charles Clayton, an accountant, who had paid 11. 5s. to the voter anley, who had come from Newcastle to Ipswich to vote, explained in what manner he made up the expenses to that amount. The sum induded a charge for telegraphing to know whether he was to come, and for boat hire for taking him ashore. The payment was made after he had voted, and had nothing to do with his vote. He met Green, one of the petitioners, at Ipswich on Tues. day, and Green told him that they were only going on with evidence in support of the petition, in order that it might not be declared frivolous and vexatious. FANletter ws produced vitten to Mr. Green by Mr. Cobbold, and delivered to Mr. Green by the witness, stating that the charges contained in the petition were untre, and that he (Mr. Cobbold) had instructed his agents to pay none but the legal expenses allowed by the auditor. The letter added that if any ilegal practices had been committed he hoped they would be exposed before the committee, and that he had had nothing to do with th petition presented against his respected colleague1 Mr. Adair.] Cross-examined.-The letter was sent to his house by Mr. Cobbold, whose rents he collected. He was also Mr. Cobbold's paid registration agent. He was in hIr. Cobbold's committee-room when Hanley ask-ed for his account. He made it out, and showed it to Mr. Jennings, who approved it, and Mr. Orford then paid it. He had made out a memorandum that morning (produced), in which he made the expenses of Hanley amount to 84 6s. He had been unable to bring them up to 114, 5s. Re-examined-.He knew that Hanley was a captain of a schooner, and a respectble person, and he paid him the sum which he honestly believed he had expended without any reference to his vote. Mr. John Orford said he was a soliditor at Ipswich. At the last election he was a member of Cobbold's committee. Persons who claimed traveling expenses were paid in that committee-room, He remembered paying 11. 5s. to Hauley for his expenses from Newcastle. He remembered a claim being maae by Howes. He offered Howes 21i. e., 11. 16s. for his journey, 5s. for a cab, and 3s. per day for his maintenance. Howes was very dissatisfied with the offer, saying that he was a waiter and had been obliged to pav a substitute 12. to fill his place during his absence from London. He then gave Howes another 14 Mr. Clement Chevalier said he remembered taking a voter named Sherman to the poll in his gig, but denied that he had given him half-a-sovereign or any other sum. Cross-examined.-Sherman did not vote. He said that a man who had tapped him on the shoulder in the publiohouse supposed he had been bribed, and therefore he should return home. Mr. A. Gower, who had paid 61. to Hughes and his two sons for traveling expenses by the direction of Mr. Jennings, said the payment was made without any reference to their votes. Cross-examined.-Hughes first made out a bill of 154, but he was told it -was most unreasonable, Mxr. Jennings, a solictor, and the agent for Mr. Cobbold, remAembered a claim of 151. made by Hughes. He told Hughes it was useless to ask for such a sum, as only legal expenses would be paid. He eventualy paid the men 2 . sd. each, believing that they bad all come from London. Mr. Butcher was not an agent of Mr. Cobbold. Pierce was not authorized to act for 3r. Cobbold. Cross-examined.-He did not know Taylor, the butcher. Mr. Cobbold instructed him to be very careful as to the expenses he paid, and to 4o nothing in violation of the Act. Mr. J. C. Cobbold, the sitting member, was then examined by Mr. SLADE.-He saidhe had represented Ipswich in three Parliaments. His agents were Mr. Jennings and Mr. Orford, and he instructed them to be careful not to violate the Corrupt Practices Act. He had no agent but the two gentlemen he had named. His brother had no authority to act for him, and he had not requestedi his brother to interest himself in any way in the election. His father had a very large brewery, in which he (witness) had no interest. He carried on the wine andl spirit business, which was seHarate and distinct from the brewery. He never heard of the transaction to which Wells had spoken until he entered that committee-room, and any agreement made with Wells as to his rent had been mnade without his knowledge or authority. He did not know a man named Thomas Hughes, MIr. Gowver had no authority to act for him in any way. A committee met atl1r. Gowver's house, bat he thought it was rather opposed to him than otherwise. It was watching whether a coalition took place betweenhim and M1r. Adair. He had nothing to do with it, and it did not act upon his behalf. He had no doubt about his return. So little did he think about the matter that he went to assist his son-in-law at Harwich. On the last day for presenting petitions he saw Mr. Coppock, the agent for the petitioner, in the lobby of the Eiouse of Commons. Mr. Coppock said it was a pity the petition should proceed. Ie said he would not go over the step of the door to ask Mr. Coppock to withdraw it. Mr. Coppock replied that he was chivalrous. He said he did not pretend to be anything of the kind,butjbhe had knownhim jMr. Coppock) long enough to be aware of his object, and oft him. On cross-examination by Mr. WELLSBY, Mr. Cobbold said he had canvassed very little previous to the election, as he was in an ill state of health. He remembered canvassing a voter with Mr. Bacon and Mr. Rodwell, but he did not remember that he had ever canvassed with Pierce. He had no interest in the brewery. He had sometimes canvassed with Mr. Selwyn, and when a voter told him he could only give one vote to the Conservatives he had asked him to give it to Mr. Selwyn. This being the close of the case for the sitting member, Mr. SLiDE summed up, submitting that the Committee could not unseat Mr. Cobbold upon such evidence as that which had been adduced in support of the petition. At the conclusion of the learned counsel's address, The committee adjourned until this day. HUNTINGDON (COUNTY). The scrutiny in this case was resumed yesterday. At the adjournment of the committee Mr. Fellowes was in a majority of one. IDROGHEDA. The committee appointed to inquire into the petitions against the retaru of Mr. M'Cann met yesterday for the first time. The memnbers are Mr. SothertoniEstcourt, chairman, LordH.LCRlinton, Sir W. AILFarquhar, Mr. Marjoribanks and Mr. Rust. Two petitions have been presented in this case. One of them was issued by Mr. Brodigan, the defeated candidate, and alleged that the return of Mr. Al'Cann had been procured by violent, outrageous, and unconstitutional means; that intimidation and fraudulent devices had been practised, and that inflammatory appeals had been made to the populace which had produced riots and prevented voters from going to the poll; it concluded by praying that the return of Mr. ?Cann might be declared void, and the petitioner declared duly elected. The second petition was signed byl voters or the borough, and contained similar aUegations. Ilir. Brodigan in person appeared in support of his petition. The counsel for the other petitioners were Mr. Slade and Mr. Hodges. The counsel for the sitting member were Mr. E. James, Mr. Phinn, and Mir. Power. The Coa11rTTEE intimated that they would commeneo with the petition of Mr. Brodigan. Mr. Brodigan, however, said he had given up his claim to the seat, and as the allegations in the two petitions were much the same he would withdraw his petition. Mr. E. JENIEs then applied to the committee to declare the petition frivolous and vexatious. It had been kept hanging over the head of the sitting member until the last moment, and had caused him enormous expense. The CommTTmE, after deliberation, postponed their decision upon the application until they had heard the cases and the time came for making their report. Mr. SLADE then opened the case of the second petition.- It would, he said, be proved that intimidation and undue influence of the grossest description had been practised, chiefly by the Roman Catholic priests, in order to induce the electors of Drogheda to vote for Mr. MCann, The borough was situated on the eastern coast of Ireland, and contained a population of about 18,000, of whom about 16,000 were Roman Catholics; but there was a considerable number of Protestant gentry in the neighbourhood. Thenum. ber of registered electors was 648. At the last election the candidates were, Mr. MCann, Mr. Brodcigan (Liberals), and Captain Moore (Conservative); but Captain Moore did not go to the poll for reasons which ho would presently state. The result of the polling was-WCann, 350; Brodigan, 14. Mr. M'Cann, who was a flour merchant and bread baker, carrying on an extenisive business, bad beenx returned in 1852, but had given dissatisfaction to the constituency by hIs votes, and accordingly when the dissolutiozi took place the Conservatives requested Captain Moore to coMe for. ward, knowing that many of the leading Liberals of the borough would withdraw their support from Mr. X'Cann. Captain Uoore consented to the application and commenced a canvass, which was very successful Placards were issued reflecting upon Mr. I'C ann's Parliamentary career, and CaptainMoorehad everyreason tobelievothathe would ooreturned. CaptainMoore issuedisaddresonthe28thof March; the nomination took placeon the lstof April, and the polling on the 3d, so that there was one day intervening betreen the nomination and the election. It was very dangerous to allow an interval of this kind, as it might be used for the most improper purposes. The agent of Mr. MI'Cann for election expenses was his own clerk, a Mr. Rath. The com. mittee appoisted to act for Mr. MI'Cann contained a larger number of names than any committee he had ever seen, and among them were Mr. .'Cann's son and four Roman Catholic priests named Anaphy, Montague, 3ackav, and Powderly. Nothing extraordinary occurred untiL the Monday previous to the nomination. It then 4ppeared that Mr. M'Cann's return was in danger, and an organized system of unduo influence was commenced by the priests in order to secure his elec. tion. On that night Drogheda ws in a state of wild excitement. The mob had poesession of the streets, and were addressed by the priests from the balcony of an inn at which Mr. hl'Cann had established his bead-quarters, in the most inflammatory language. One priest said that those vho voted for M`Cann would Tote for their priests, their religion, and their God, and that those who voted against him would vote against their God. Another priest pointed to the river Boyne, on which the town was situated, and rominded the people that two centuries ago it had run with the blood of Roman Catholics. The mob, which consisted of several thousand persons, was under the completo control of the priests, and would have proceeded to actual deeds of violence iad not one of the prlests, wiser than the rest5 restrained them. Such was the effect of the harangues of the priests upon the temper of the people that the town would probably have been destroyed if Captain Moore had persisted in going to the poll. At the nomination the Mayor took an active part in support of Mr. M'Cann, allowed the Court-house to be filled wite an outrageous mob, and prevented the soldiers from entering it to preserve order. the nomination was conducted In dumb show, and the mob committed various acts of violence, of which evidence would be laid before the committee. On the day of the election the greatest excitement prevailed. The priests designated Mr. M'Cann as the " man of God," and Captain Moore "the man of the devil." 'The stipendiary magistrates were persuaded to call out the police, but such was the state of the town that Captain Moore thought it his duty to retire from the contest. If he had not taken that prndent step the peace of the town would not have been preserved, but after his retirementtheelectionproceeded quietly until its termination. He mlit observe that the greater portion of the Roman Catholo gentry sunpported Captain Moore, and that they were opwsed to the violence practised by the priests. The learned counsel also stated that treating had boen extensively carried on for the purposo of influencing the voters, and concluded by submitting that when he had proved the facts he had stated the committee would have no hesitatin in unseating Mr. MI'Cann The usual formal proof havmg been given of the writ and the return, Mr. Mayne, a solicitor, was called, and stated that he had acted as agent for Captain M1ontgomery Moore at the last election, and had canvassed with him. Captain Moore had the support of the body of Conservatives, and also of a lar2e number of Liberals, and of several of the most respectab o Roman Catholic gentlemen and magistrates. Previous to the nomination he had made a calculation founded upon the results of the canvass, and reckoned that there was a clear majority of 40 votes pledged to Captain Moore. Large crowds of people assembled on the nominationday. On the Tuesday the mob had been addressed from a balcony oppositoe r. WCann's committee-rooms, and on that evenmng stones and other missiles were thrown by the mob into Cap. tain Moore's committee-room. They also tried to break in the door of the house. He wrote to the Mayor for protection, and he also swore an information, and sent it to the resident magistrate. The mob was several times dispersed by the police, but as soon as the police went away the mob returned. The disturbance continued til 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning. The hour fixed for the nomination by the Bigh Sher' was 10 o'clock in the morning, and it had been arranged that a certain number of tickets should be given to the supporters of Captain Moore. Witness accordingly went with Captain Moore and some of his supporters to the Court-house at half *past 9 in the morning, but the sheriff bad not the key of the Court-house. They were therefore obliged to remain outside in the midst of a violent mob of many thousand persons. They were insulted and stones were thrown at them. Th police kept the people off to a certain extent, but tey had to fix bayonets. At 10 o'clock the Mayor had the Court-house opened, and the mob rushed in with great violence. They insulted the supporters of Captai Moore, and spat upon his seconder, while he was speaking. Witness's clothes were torn. A publican belonging to the committee of Mr. M'Cann nearly threw witness over the railings in the Court. house. Had he faUen he muat have been precipitated a depth of 10 feet, but he grasped a brass bar and thus prevented the fall. That evening it was determined in Cap. tain Moore's committee-room that he should retire. They had received communications from several persons, laying that they were afraid their lives would be sacrificed if they stood to their promises in voting for Ca tain Moore. One voter named Henry BagweUl told him that his house had been attacked, and he neither could nor would vote for Captain Moore, because he feared that if he did so his life would be sacrificed. Other voters made similar statements. Eleven presentments were made at the sessions for injury done to property during the elec. tion. The windows of the Presbyterian and Methodist houses of worship were smashed. Cross-examined.-He was frightened by the violence of the mob. He thought that there might have been several dozen stones thrown into Captain Moore's committee-room, and ho received several blows about the body, but was not injured. Mr. MNeigh, an attorney, was trampled upon on the day of nomination. After the retirement of Captain Moore witness might have drunk the health of Mr. M'Cann and shaken hands with him. He was onuite comfortable that evening, and was in no fight. Captain Moore was not counected with this petition. The resident magistrate offered him every assistance when it was of no use. Sir William Gordon, captain of the 17th Lancers, examined by 3fr. SLiDE, stated that he was ordered to Drogheda from DubUn at the last election, and marched there with his troop. He arrived on the Tuesday before the election and found the town in a very excited state, reqcuiring the presence of the troODs. It was his opinion that if the troop had not arrived serious riots would have taken place. In the evening he was in front of the White Horse Hotel and saw several priests addressing the people. Their language was most inflammatory in every way, and tended to excite the mob. They made the election a question of reli- on. and they said that if the people voted against Cann. they would vote against their religion and gainst God Almighty. The people weI he believed, m a condition to do anything it Ml'Cann was not carried. He could not remember the exact words, but the langnage of the priests was such as to excite the mob. The speeches were addresred to them from more than one balcony, and in several parts of the town. He saw three or four prlests. When the troops were coming the priests requested the mob to stand by and let them pass through, which they did at once. This state of things continued on Wednesda7, -the nomination day, the mob being at least 4,000 or 5,000 in number. Several voters were insulted, and stones were flying, which appeared to be meant for voters, and not for polcemen, although he saw one pliceman knocked over. The troops wero not molested by the mob. He considered the tovn to be in great danger before M'Cann -ass declared to have carried the day. He was aware that Captain Moore had issued an address announcing his retirement, but the town was still in an excited state until Mr. M'Cann was declared to be returned. Cross-examined by Mr. JAI'cES.-He was not required to escort voters to the poll. His troops, owing to the energy of the police, were not required, and they were kept in the back streets. Captain Moore retired on the day of nomination, but witness was not aware that his qualification had previously been demanded. His troops were placed under the orders of Mr. Derenzy, the stipendiary magistrate, as was usual on such occasions. Hfe was not called on to protect the voters, but was frequently obliged to clear the streets, both upon the day of nomination and the day of poling. Captain Moore retired on Wednesday, bat the town was in a disturbed state next day. Mr. Alexander MlDougall, the proprietor of the Dr ogheda Conservative, also gave evidence with respect to the condition of the town at the time of the election. He said that the house next his own was smashed. He was obliged to barricade his own house. He sent his children into the country during the election for fear that they might be hurt by the stones. About a dozen of the mob forced their way into his house, but he got them out again by giving them money. Some of them said, "Burn the house down," which alarmed his wife very much. The men were nearly drunk, and he thought it batter to give them money than to get kicked. He afterwards procured firearmb, and kept them in his house for protection. Cross-examiined.-He procured a large pistol. He was not at ali hurt during the election, or prevented from gettieg to the poll. Mr. Peter Verdon, the High Sheriff, stated that on the day of the nomination the Mayor of Drogheda. accompaied by Mr. M'Cann, camo to the Town-hall. The crowd rushed in with grcat violence. Witness was much knocked about in getting to the bench. He had never witnessed such violence before. The seconder of Captain Moore wag spit upon. Some people applied to him to protect them, but he was notlable to give them any assistance. In fact, he wvas not able to protect himself. He was pelted with mud and filth on his way home. (A laugh.) He assured the committee that it was no laughing matter at the time. Dirt was thrown at the stipendiary magistrate and others. In the night there was a great noise of breaking windows. Cross-examined by Mr, JAzars.-At the nomination the speakers could hardly be heard, some of them not at all. As soon as Mr. Jordan began to second Captain Moore the mob began to hiss and spit at him, and called out M miss Kitty." " Miss Kitty" was a name he went by in the town. While tho nomination was going on he said, " This is an awful state of things. I fear I shallbe obliged to adjourn the nomination." Some one said, "Y ou had better finish it," and on reflection he thought that if he adjourned and cleared the Court-house in the existing state of confusion and the temper of the people lives might be lost. An application wvas made to him to adjourn the nomination by Mr. Hagan and several others round him, and in his opinion he should have been justified in doing so. Hle did not vote for auybody at the last election, but he didnot think that Mr. Cann was a proper peson to represent the borough Re-examined.-NSo application was made to him to adjourn the polling. The committee adjourned till 11 o'clock this mnorning. TowN BEs-LAws.-A Bil has already passed the Lords and been sent down to the Commons enabling one of the Secretaries of State to revise the bye-laws of towns in certain cases. The Secretary of State may, if he approve the bye-laws made by the local authorities, at once ratify the same, notwithstanding the Act of Parliament giving power to make bye-laws may require their ratification by a judge on circuit.
MERTZING OF JIIDDLESEX MAGIST2'RA.T A specal meeting of the Middlesex magistrates was held yesterday at Clerkenwell, totake into consideation a report of the committee of vitors of the County Lmatic Ao am at Colney-hatch, laid before the Court on the 16th of July. 19r. Pownall preided. The report related to the alterationx attbeasylum, and showed that the outlay asked for, 70,0COL, would be in some mneasure compensatedforby proviion being made for 124 more patients than was con. templated when the Court voted 50,0001. The Conmis. aioners in Lunacy had insisted oa certain alterations not originally proposed by the committee. Mr. WARNRI, in the absence of Mr. a. H. Cottrel1, the chairman of the committee, moved, and Mr. WOODWARD of Islington, seconded the following resolution - That the plans which wer lai before the Qonet on the leth of July inBt. for altering and enlaygiug the County Lunatic Asylttm at Colney-hatch be approyed, ana that the samne be cartled into execution at an expense not excee1ugxio,opv A long discussion ensuoe, in which thepolicy of the proceedings of the cosnmittifrom the beginmng was sub. 3ected to criticism by several magistrates, who objected to the vote, and upheld by othtrs. Two amendments were proposed-one by Mr. A. RonrNsoN and one by Mr. Tunrm-bat both were nega. tived, and the original motion was carried by a great majority. The County-rate Committee held a sitting in the Lower Court. Mr. Kemshead was elected chairman, and M1r. olhn Allen has been appointed clerk, upon the resignation of Mr. Chales Wright.
ToLLs ox PEnA.ifBULAyot.-The qiiuestion cc Ar.e perambulators 1iable to toll?i" has been decided before the mnagistrates at Tobues. The decision was in favoue of the 'nurserYl and the toll-tal-er was condemned in the costs. (Advertisement.]-Dr., Wasgent on the Art-Treasures Ehibtion.-The Royal Pictues ia itbe --Arh.jounrn" for August, leels.t, re-Rest at Bro." by J. Tenuant. and "Teasing the t," y'F Miri&Thre S3culpture Is `Y~lora," from Teneraarj, in the teeolln or the Queen.L Among the literar contents are-.. The SouthKensincton Museum "-* the Sheepehants Colleetion-B* ritish Artists. No. XXVIL, JY. Gilbert." illusptratod-`' ?letalluigjcal Pro. ceEwNes by Bt. Hunt. k.R.S.-.'the Welligton blIonument "-." the Government Offices Competition "~" the Princese's The3tre".." til Rook of the Thamnes,"y Mr. and Mrs. S. 0. Hall, illuetrated&c Virtue and Co., 25, P ternoger-row. London, and all bookseilers.'to [Advertisemeut.]-Just publislied, price 3s. 6d., " Letter to VIscot Palmersion, KG., on the FoUltial Importi6ue of the EuPhrates Valley Railway, and the necessity of the Jin%anc19l SUPPort oerMajesty's GoUenroent," by W. P. Andrew,. P.It.GS..,k chairman Eupramtes Valley Rtalway, with Reports by Majos-Genera Chene an llt . scnlr, ad emoanumby Sir Justint Shell K0,R suemap als, Mnute ofEvidnotbefore the hlouse od Conmouon heestblibmet f ~elerahIe commlhmitcation with Inda trouh urksh raia,by irW. . OShugbees,T. K. Lynh, sq. an W.Ainworb, io. &o Kuraceeby the Euprats I 1400mils earr t Eglad tanRorbayisby the
MO.BEY--MARKETand CITYI.NTBLLIGENCE. Thursday Evening. There has been great agitation in the funds to-day, and the market has closed more heavily than at any period since the first news of the Indian insurrection. Consols for money opened at the final prices of last evening-9Oi to 91, but soon manifested weak- i ness, and ultimately, under the influence of a succes-* kion of large speculative sales, declined to 90s to i, from which there was no recovery. For the 6th of August the last quotation was 9Cq. Early in the day private telegraphic despatches were again received, with further details of the spread of the mutiny, and of the completeness of the original plot, 'which had involved the seizure of Calcutta, and when these were subsequentlypublishedthey greatly stimulated the general feeling of anxiety. The announcement that 3,000 rebels were encamped outside Delhi was especially regarded as a disagreeable feature, but it is to be presKum ed they were able to occupy that situation simply from being protected by the guns on the outworks. The tendency, however, in the Stock-Exchange was to take a gloomy view of the entire position, and late in the day it was reported that 10,000 additional troops would forthwith be ordered out. On the other hand, many persons acquainted with India seem disposed to place increased confidence in the statement from Madras that some days before the 26th of June Delhi had fallen. The firm from whom it proceeds, Messrs. Binny and Co., are highly respectable, and they seem to make it upon official authority. This point will most probably be cleared up with the delivery of the letters on Saturday. Bank Stock left off at 216 to 217; Reduced, 902 to i.; New Three per Cents., 901 to j; India Stock, 214 to 216; Indiabonds, 25s. to 18s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 5s. to Is. discount. In the Stock-Exchange to-day loans on Government securities were in request at 5i per cent., and some advances were obtained from the Bank of England on Exchequer-bills for 14 days at that rate. In the discount-market and at the Bank there was actual pressure, and money was eagerly sought, both by the merchants and dealers, on bills of all dates. The suddenness and extent of the demand appeared to create surprise, but it may be accounted for by the requirements for the fitting out of the Indian transports, the purchases of silver for the Overland mail, the absorDtion of coin for harvest operations, the preparation for the foreign and share settlements to-morrow, and the contraction of 300,0001. in the note circulation dnring the past week, in consequence of the withdrawals of gold for exportation. But for the fact that the West India mail on Saturday and the Arabia from New York on Monday may be expected to bring large amounts of specie there would be reason to apprehend that, supposing the absence of Australian arrivals to be prolonged, the Bank might find it necessary soon to return to 6 per cent. as their minimutm rate. The market for foreign securities continues without animation, and the highest prices have not generally been maintained. The principal dealings were in Turkish, which closed at a heavy fall, the Four per Cents. Guaranteed being also quoted at a reduction. Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. were negotiated at 80 ; Mexican, 221 ; Spanish, New Deferred, for the account, 25 ; the Certificates, 56; Turkish Six per Cents., 941 j 94 93k; ditto, for the account, 94k 94; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 101i 102 l01i; Venezuela Four-and-a-Quarter per Cents., 34; andDutchTwo-and-Half per Cents., 634. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 6Gf. 70c. for money and 66f. 65c. for the account, showing in the latter case a decline of an eighth. A further sum of 47,0001. was taken from the Bank to-day for exportation. A formal circular was issued by Afr. J. P. Giustiniani, of London, this afternoon, notifying his suspension, and that he has p laced his afliirs in the hands of an accountant. Mr. Giustinisni is still without any advice of the failure of his brother's house at Constantinople, and greatly doubts the correctness of the report, some of the largest firms interested being also without informnation to that effect. Telegraphic notices of the circumstance have, however, unquestionably been received, and among the Greek merchants there seems to be little question with regard to it. The rumours that Mr. Giustiniani, of London, had large speculative transactions open in Consols are stated positively to be without foundation. The letters from France state that the harvest surpasses all expectations. In Italy, likewise, it is said the grain crops are splendid. At Genoa wheat, which a month ago was sold at 33f, has declined to 23f. . a elndt The Brazilian Government, through their Minixter at Lisbon, are understood to have made urgent representations to the Portuguese Government regarding the large amounts of forged Brazilian paper currency which are manufactured in Oporto and other parts in the north of Portugal, and sent out to be put in circulation at Rio and elsewhere. Strong complaints have been previously urged on the subject, but, although the traflic has been carried on for years in a notorious manner, no attempt has been made to put it down. The advices from New York to-day state the recent improvement in the stock-market to have been maintained, several descriptions having experienced a further rise. Erie was quoted 31 ; New York Central, 82X; Reading, 77i; Panama, 902; and Blinois Central, 119, the Bonds, 99. The last accounts of the prospects of the harvest are confirmed, and the yield of wheat, oats, and barley would be extremely good, while with respect to Indian corn there was a strong promise of recovery. Of hay the supply seems to have been extraordinary. Aaron Jacobs and Co., of New York and California, had suspended for 120,0001. The receipts on the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad from the date of its opening had fully realized the expectations entertained. Al, a meeting of the Netherlands Land Enclosure Company to-day, Mr. Morrison in the chair, the report was unanimously adopted. The chairman commented upon the improved position of the company this year as compared with 1855; the debt then existing of 108,0001. having been reduced to 18,0001., while satisfactory progress has been made in the canal and other works stipulated for by the Dutch Government. Land also as been recovered of the estimated value of about 170,0001. Mr. Bidder, the engineer, explained that the excess of expenditure over the estimate for securing the second polder had arisen partly from the high price of labour, partly from the natural difficuilties of the operation, and partly from mismanagement at the works. In future enclosures contracts will be made and the expense materially reduced. The chairman stated tha it was of great importance that the Government works shouldt be completed by the specifie d time, and annccmeed that a call would be made upon the ordinry shares, in ad dition to the sums receivable Upon 'he preference stock. Annexed is ana abstract f the riport o: "Ithlast annual report the sbareholderswere Informed tht the fiht or Bath polder, containing abou t 1,100 acres, ha,beense0tred, and thataportion was then beingsownw ith cob. Althtugh the heat and drougbt of last autumn were mos iuufavouable, the crop of olza grown on 510 acres is expeted to reasze about 3,6671., or upwards of 61. lOs. per aore.In additio), to the crop of colza musttbe added the sum to beibtainedfroa the produce of about 200 acres of barley sown in the suric, which is estimated at 1,0001. This woaldbring the to%1 produce from 750 acres of land cultivated hiis year to 4,5671., being an average of 61. 4s. per acre. Vhen it is cvnsidered that this has been a most exceptioial year for tht growth of colza throughout Hol- lsna, a 5reat deal having entirely failed, and the general average rnt yielding hall a crop, and that a first y tear's crop in a new Palder is never considered a fair critenron of pro- duce, theru is no cause for dissatisfaction at the result attained. " A most important acquisition of land has been effected this year, con±pxising no less than an additional quantity of 1.760acres. Th h second enclosure is of a very valuable anaracter, for the land is particularly rich and is expeted to yield a large return in the ensuin g year. F orty ploughs are now at work in P. and olza will be sown on a large portion this autumn, ana in the lower parts barley Wmll be sown in the spring of xext year. " A s urvey has b een made on th e north, or Brabant side of the company's conession, where there eoxists a exten. sive tract of valuable land ripe for enclosure, of which it is contemplatedto encloseconsiderable portion d uring the "S Sine thhe lastnual meeting a cntract for the execution ef th canal works and for the barrage haa been entered into wvith Messrs. Peto and Betts, and considerable progress ba alreadybeen madeintheexcavationof the canal and lockrs The cost of the canal and locks is estimated at 209,0001. ard of the barrage, intended to close the present waterway connecting the Eastern and Western Scheldt, at 65,00-., making together 274,0001. By the ternis of the Royal conession the canal and locks are to be completed by the 31st of December, 1858, and theo barrage within aix years after the completion of the canaL" On the 3d of June a case was stated of an American railway company (the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltiinore) having forcibly applied certain dividends of an English holder to payments on an Lsaue of additional stock, although he had never subscribed for such stock, either by himself or through any other person,-a Mr. Fisher, who had taken the step in his name, having done so without authority. Annexed is an explanation, which is entitled to insertion in justice to Mr. Fisher and the company:- "London, July 29. "Sir,-InyourCityArticle of Juse 3d last there appeared a notice of a decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, in the case of 'Cowell v. the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad Company,' arising out of the conduct of the latter in applying the dividends on Mr. Cowell' old shares to pay the cals on a subEcription for new shares made in the name of that gentleman by Mr. C. H. Fisher, but repudiated by Mr. Cowell as never sanctioned by him. ' Permit me to state, on the authority of documents recently forwarded from Philadelphia, some features of the case which were not then known on this side of the water, and which will I trust, alter the unfavourable view which, upon the state of the case as then known, you expressed of the decision of the Court in favour of the railroad company. "1 The first communication between Mir. Fisher and Mr. CoweDl, in connexion with the latter's interest in the company, was in 1846. Mr. Fisher was invited by a friend of Mr. Cowell to give information to the latter respecting the value of his shares. Mr. Fisher did so, and received that gentleman's thanks for his informa-ion. It was in consequence of this communication between them that when, in 1848, an effort was made to pay off the company's floating debt, and enable it to resume payment of dividends, by a subscription of new stock on the part of the shareholders to the amount of 10 per cent. on the old shares held by each, Mr. Fisher, finding that the arrangement would faUi through, unless Mr. Cowell contributed his share, sub. scribed for his proportion; but at the same time wrote to Mr. CoweD that, having aone this without authority from the latter, although for his benefit, he would have to take the responsibility of the subhcription upon himself, and was prepared to do so if Mr. Cowell repudiated his at. He explained at the sane time that if Mr. Cowell did not determine to repudiate it the dividends on his old shares might be applhed to pay the cals on the new subscription. Mr. Cowell did not reply to this communication. The company applied his dividends as indicated in Mr. Fisher's letter and for six years Mr. Cowell neither claimed the dividends nor otherwise repudiated the act of Mr. Fisher. "The company having pleaded that under these circum. stancee, the silence and long acquiescence of Mr. Cowell constituted an adoption of Mr. Fisher's act, the declsion of the Supreme Court is that the plea ought to have been ad. mitted by the Court below. " So far as Mr. Fisher was concerned in subscribing for Mr. Cowell he took a step in which he had himself no personal object, but which he believed to be required for the protection of that gentleman's old investment in the company, rspectingwhich he had already been consulted by him; and if MIr. Cowell had thought proper to announce to him that he repudiated the act he (Mfr. Fisher) would have been ready to take the subscription to his own account, I am, Sir, your obedient servant, " C. ." The following relates to the Insurance Companies Bill as amended "Slr,-The Insurance Companies Bill, as amended in committee, hasjust been printed. In the former Bill prepared by the Government the following information 'was most distinctly required, but to the surprise of many it is altogether omitted from the amended Bill for reasons wvhich must or should be explained,-namely,- ' l. The amount of premiums received during the year for insurances, stating what amount, if any, has been paid away or become due during the year as premiums for reassurance with any other company or companies, and also the net amount received during the year as the consideration for granted annuities- "' 2. The amount of claims paid during the year, and also the amount of claims that may have been known to have arisen during the year, but which remained unpaid at the end of it, and the like account for paid or due an. nuities; " I 3. The gross amount of expenses of every kind paid during the year for management, or which, being known, remained unpaid at the end of it; " ' 4. In the case of a proprietary company the amount of the nominal capital of the company, and the shares into which it is divided, the amount of caUls made, the amount of calls received, the amount of calls unpaid, and the amount of shares forfeited ; "' 5. The amount of all sums due from the company, distinguishing loans from other debts; " ' 6. A statement of all the capital possessed by the company, distinguishing- "'(e) Amount of cash;- " ' (A The cost price of all the Government securities held;- The amount actually advanced byway of mortgage on real estates; " ' 5d) The amount actuallyinvested in any other de-. scrapton of securities, specifying their nature, and the amount invostediuneach Casss of security;- -' '.(e) The rate of interest receivable on each class of security , (f) The amount of investment on which interest was arrear at the end of the year, distinguishing the classes of securities to which the arrears repectively apply.' " Is this grave omission intentio or otherwise? Unless the amount of assets and funds in hand be distinctly stated, it isutterly impossible for any man, not even an actuary, to ascertain, or in any way discover, the actual position of any life insurance association, solvent or insolvent. "I may add, will a corporation under Royal charter, or a ociety under letters patent, come under the provisions of "I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, "July 30. " INVESTIGATORL" The English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank have notified that at their meeting oni the 14th of August the dividend will be at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, free of income-tax, while 1,5001. wiR be written off preliminary and other expenses, and 3,6401. will be added to the reserved fund. At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day Mr. Humphrey Brown was adjudicatea bankrupt on his own petition, and his surrender was accepted. The Bankers' Magazine furnishes the returns of circulation of the private and joint-stock banks in England and Wales for the four weeks ending the 4th of July, and gives the following as the average weekly circulation of those banks during the past month, viz.:- Private balks. ... ... ... ,617 241 Joint-stock banks ... ... 3,008,534 Average weekly circulation,,. ... £6,625,775 On comparing the above with the returns for the preceding month, ending the 6th of June last, it shows- A decrease in the circulation of the private banks of ... ... ... ... ... £361,984 A decrease in the circulation of the joint. stock banks of ... ... ... . 69,212 Decrease on the month ... ... 2431,196 And, as compared with the return for the corresponding period of last year-viz., July 5, 1856, it shows- A decrease in the circulation of the private banks of bak f ... ... ... ... ... 2123,59 A decrease in the circulation of the joint- stock banks of ... ... ... ... 26,567 Decrease on the year £.150,163 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed issues the following appears to be the compara. tive state of the circulation:- The private banks are below their fixed issue 2878,304 The Joint-stock banks are below their fixed issue ... ... ... ... ... ... 293,823 Total below the fixed issue ... £1,172,127
TRADE RBPORT. Thursday Evening. SUTGAR.-There were but two public sales to-day, amount. ing to 923 hhds., 92 tierces, and 252 barrels, one third of which was Porto Rico, and went off at very fair prices, but the remainder, being Cuba, were not so much sought after, and only a portion was disposed of on rather easier terms. The following are the particulars :-Cuba, 655 hhds., 55 therces, and 37 barrels, low yellow, 52s. to 54s. * middling, 64s. 6d. to 56s.; good, 56s, 6d. to 57B, 61.; low to middling gaJ 54s to 55s. 6d. ; Porto Rico, 288 bhds., 87 tlecres, S arzels,low yellow, 54s. to 65s.; middling, 56s, tO 578.;g d 7.6.to 68s. 6d. fine, 59S. 6d. to 6&s. 1 theo wVest India market 689 hiads. have changed bands. CoPFEE.-63 casks plantationCeylon at aucton were sold at stiff rates. RIcE-Of 685 bags Bengal only a smnll portion held rather chesply-viz., 11s., for middling white. 573 bags Bassienwere held for M2s. 6d. iPrivately 1,000 bags ine Bengal (a fancy sample) has been disposed at 15s. per cwt. SALTETBE.-AbOUt 1,200 bags have been sold privately on the spot at rather dearer rates;* prices ranged from 43s. 6d. to 47's. per cwit. Afloat 200 tons at 47's. to 47'S. rd. per cwvt. TAx^tow.-Tha market is steady at 58s. 6d. on the spot, 59s, for Septembor, 57s. 6d. for last three months.
1A.LWAY AND MINING SEARBS. Thursday Evenng. The fall in Consols to-day has not produced an adverse effect on the share-market, prices being fairly supported, and in some cases an advance taling place. A considerable improvement occurred in North-Eaatern (Berwick), Leeds, and York and North Midland, a statement being circulated that the approaching dividends on these stocks will be at a high rate. Birkenhead Junction and London and Tilbury receded 11. East Indian were without alteration. French shares were rather better. South Australian Government Bonds and Westemn Bank improved 11. In miscellaneous securities there was no material variation. ORbD11Alv RWAP^ - - - --
A3mamICx Vrmw oF THEl: ThxDIAX MUTNrY.-If, with all Its many faults and shortcomings, the East India Company had achieved no other work displaying either tact or talent, the creation and mnaintenance of the native army would entitle it, if not to the esteem, at least to the respect of the world; that a territory of such an extent, so acquired, should be so defended through 80 years, embraclng vicissi. tudes of every imaginable kind, is a wonder greater than any ever achieved either by the arms of Tamerlane or the mnuificence of the Great MoguL The administrative talent which has enlisted a force of 250,000 men from a conquered population, differing from their rulern so widely In Isuge, manners, religion, and modes of thought, and at sEUG adlstance from home, and has converted a feeble and pusillanimous race, debased by ages of slavery and of caste, mto brave and hardy soldiers, is clearly of no mean order. The chains which have retained the Sepoy steadfast In his allegiance to the Company "whose salt he eats," in all changes of war and time, from Plassey to Gujerat, and nerved him into victory over the master races of the continent on a thousand bloody fields, are clearly not forged by fear. One of the chief causes of the mutiny Is unquestionably to be found in the suicidal policy pursued of late in reference to staff appointments, and which has kept the present generation of Euro. pean officers of the native regiments apart from their men. Twenty years ago cadets left the military school at Addis. combo with no hope either of fame or advincement apart from the regiment in which they were given their commission. They made it their home, were interested in its efficiency, and were interested In the men who corned it' They made it their business to know the Sepoy, hear his story, redress his grievances, dissipate his delusions, enlighten his ignorance, and were-as far as young, gay men entering on tfe can be-educators as well as officers. The ambition of such was a step in promotion in theregiment, and the command of It eventually, nor looked theybeyond it for anything, Nowadays all this is changed. There is hardly one of the frolicsome young gentlemen whom Sir James Hogg sends from Addiscombe over the Isthmus of Suez each year, with the blessing of their country, to lead the sable armies of the "Kompanee Sahib," who does not carry a letter to somebody from somebody, securing him somebody'sinfluence to get an appointment on somebody's staff, or special service of some sort in which he "may have an opportunity of dis. tinguishing Limslf." Orhis father sends to Lord So-and. so, who writes to Sir So-and-so, and mamma Is delighted by the thought that "dear George' will not have to be long in obscurity, in a sweltering station, but will speedily be placed in such a position that he may regenerete irreclaimable tribes, like nacdonald, or get p a tidy war on bis own responsibilty, lke Edwards. The great demand there has been, of late years, for special agents of all sorts to aid in carrying out *he reforms and improvements mentioned, and others recently sot on foot, have unhappily entailed upon the authorites the necessity of complyfng with too many of these demands. Ofcers have been draughted away from their regiments by the score, and sent right and left, surveying, engneering, negotiating, reforming, codifying, juding. The remainder feel the regiment to be but a stepping-stone to something else, or, in aristocratic jargon, "a bore." The Sepoys are left to their devices, and are yearly getting more and more firm under the moral influence of their European superiors. A foolish report about beef fat being put on the cartridges gets abroad, and inflames their ignorance nd isolation into mutiny. There is no man who knows any. thing of the Indian service who does not feel that 20 years ago the deplorable delusions which have led to the Delhi massacre could not have existed for one week.-New York imee.. ERupox OF MOUNT Vzsuvrus.-A letter from' Naples of the 20th says:-"For some tlme past the subter ranean noises heard by the guides of Vesuvius indicated an approaching eruption, and the inhabitants in the neighbour. hood of the mountain were under considerable alarm. During the lst fortnight the smoke thrown up from the crater has become much thicker than usual, and the evening before Last a long train of llquld fire was seen descending on the side of Ottajuno, at a place called Fosso del Faraone, an immense ravine oposte te Bea, and out of reach of any danger to the inhabitanotsdtof rtcRsein and Torre del IGreco At Naples an immense crowd susembled to witness th<e spectaclQ and at night a number offoreigners proceeded to he ounain th toche oftheguldes being visible thee n eer drecio. T. ambaaalay =a dls-
I COAfmITTEE FOR PBzIYILEGE& HOUSE OF LORDS, THURSDAY. JULY 30. I _ _ THE GREAT SHRlZWSBUIRY CASEM eveUWr&L wlesses Were caled this morning on behalf of theparties opposing the claim to speak to conversations which they had had with John, the 16th EaIrl, in which he said Iord Tal'ot had no claim to the title At the conclnsion of the evidence offered in opposition, Sir F. THsGxM proeded to produce evidence in contradiction to the uMggestions of the parties opposing. Some of the persons mentioned by the deeds produced on Tuesday were shown to have been illegitimate, others were shown have belonged obranchesof thefamily youngerthan At the conclusion of the enidence inrenly, On the application of lllr. 8erjeant BYLES, the further hearing wi[ras adjouned nntil this day reel4 and the evidence was ordered to be printed.
LAW REPoR2. VIOE.CHANCWLLOR'S COURT, WEDNESDAY. Tv2 -- - - - THOMAS V. FOXWELL. (BeJOre Vice-ChanUIor s&r W. P. WOOD.) Mir. ±1=LT, -lr. FOOKS, Anid Mir. T. SALTEI (of the corn. mon law bar) moved for an inrunction to restrain the dofendant, a machine manufacturer at Manchester, from making and sellinLsewing-machines in infringement of the plaintiff's patent. The plaintiff, who bad taken out a patent in this country for a sewing-ma6chine which was patented in Americag a "Howo's Patent.'and assigned to him by Howe, had obtained a verdict against Rynolds, astaymaker at Birmingham, for sel"'n sewing-machines manufactnred by Messrs. Grover and Bier, and subsequently (on the 14th inst.) had obtained an injunction In this court against Messrs. Grover and Baker. The plaintiff's co upon the present motion was, that Foxwell's machine was similar to those of Messrs. Grover and Baker in the infringed particun lrs, though different in other respects. Mr. CAmNS, 3Mr. Jzsszr,, and Mr. PHrLPs (of the common law bar) opposed the motion, on the round of delay, and that the machines sold by the defen3ant were entirely distnct from those of Messrs. Grover and Baker, and were Improvements upon American machines in which theplaintiff could assert no patent right. he VICcEAC ELLOR refused the injunction at the interlocutory stage on the ground of delay, although the infringement was similar to what had been determined to be such In the action at law against Reynolds, and had been made the subject of an Injuncton against Grover and Baker. Theplasitiff must bring uch action as he might be advised, the defendant koeping an amcount in the meantime, and the motion must stand over, with liberty to apply. JULY 30. OAIRTER V. GREE. The VICZ C LCELoR gave jud-ment in this case (which was argued on Monday andnotioed m 27; VTmes of Tuesday last), and said that the question arose upon the will of the late Rev. Rowland Bill, by which, after certain specific gifts to charities, he gave his reslduary personal estate to trustees, upon trust, to convert the same into money, and, after providing for debts, &c., to pay the residlue to the treasurer of the ' Village Itinerancy or Ervanecal Assot elation for the Propagation of the Gospal, to be *p propriated to the pious And benevolent uses and purpose3 of that association. By a codicil to his will the testator declared that in case any of the dispositions of his personal estate to charitable uses should be inoperative by any statute, c., he gavo all such moneys, property, personal estate, and effects unto his executors (the trustees named in the will) absolutely and for ever, free from any trust or condition whatever, expressed or implied. The testator had also attempted to dispo6e of certain Long Annuities in favour of the " Village Itinerancy," but the deed by which this was attempted was entirely void under the provisions of the 9th of George IL, cap 36. With respect to the residuary gift in the will, it was a clear and distinct gift, if not to the Village Itinerancy, to the four executors named in the codicil and the next of kin who had claimed the property had no interest whatever In the gift. The rain question then was whether the gift to the Village Itinerancy was void under the 9th George IL, cap. 36, and whether it went to the four legatees named In the codicilfree from any trust. The objects of the association were shted in a deed of declaration dated the 6th of May, 1811, by which, after recitin that various sums of money had been given and bequeathea by divers person; and that divers freehold and leasehold estates had been acquired, and might thereafter be acquired, for the purposes of the society, the objects were stated to be "to promulgate the Gospel as set forth in the doctrinal Artile of the Church of England, &c., and that such promulgaton should be effected by opening and supporting Sunday schools, by distribut Bibles and religious books; by educating persona for the ministry of the word of God by tinerant preaching, by the erection or providing of places or religious worship, and by such other suitable meaus as to thesaidsocietyor thecommittee thereof shouldfroa time to time seem meet." It was not incumbont upon the trustees of the association to apply this legacy to every one of the objects specfied in the deed of declaration, some of which, as contemplating the cquiring and building upon fresh land, would clearlybe illegal under the Statuteof Charitable Uses (9th George IL, cap. 36.) They had a choice as to Its appllcation, and he should fohow the declaration made by Lord 1don in " the Attorney-General v Parsons," 8 Vesey, and declare that the bequest to the Villae Itinerancy (which was now known as tho Hackney Theological Seminary and Society for the Propagation of th Geepel) wvas geed but that any a propriation of the funi towards pur¢~hang fresh land wouldbenDlgla pilcation of the bequest.hamIlelap
COURT OF ADMIRALTY. JTuy 30_ TITE PANAnTA I7rnkc}mA _erm- (Beforre Dr. LIISHmGTON.) Thisvessel, laden with corn, and sairinm under Greek colours, arrived off the Sulinamouth of the Danube on the 16th of October, and wascaptured on the 27th of November, within two miles of Odessa, which had been blockaded sineo the 1st of Febrnary. She was claimed, in the first instance, by Cosmos Tandarlas, of TullyAcharnla, in Greece, bat now' residing in Wellclose-square, on behalf of Constantine Fachary, another Greek. In the course of the argument, however, it turned out that the claim on behalf of Fachary could not be sustainod, and the Court allowed further proof. The vessel was now claimed on behalf of Tandarinas himself and of Gerasimo Carapanos, a Turk, as joint owners. The excuse set up was, that the vessel had encountered bAd weather and had sprung a leak, and that her master had in point of fact run for Odesa merely for the sake of saving the lives of his ship's company. Dr. LUJSISNTON, after aminuto criticism of the numerons afidaits in the case, declared the defence to be not sfficentlysustainedbythe evidence, and he condemned the vessel and cargo as a lawrful prize.
COURW of BANKRUPTCY, Banvhal-stra, ray 30 IN MJ IMEPl1RrV 1RTnW (BEf&ei Afr. vOm;,n,,,.. A % Mr. TucuIE renewed his application for an adjudication of bankraptcy in t2lis case. HMs HoNoun, having perused the depositionxs and remaked that rr. Brown had been a shipowiner, mado the desired adjudicain Mr. Johnson is the officil assignee. At a late hour of the day Air. Brown was brought up, and surrendered to the adjudication. The necessity for and the effect of the bankraptcy may be thus stated -Mr. Brown was prepared to give satisfactory bail to answer the indictment to be preferred against him in November or December next. There were, however, attachments out against him aridng from his transactions with the Royal British Bank. It was not deemed pradent or desirable to obtain his release on the indictment for misdemeanour or conspiracy, only to find himself detained on a civil process. It is supposed that the ViceeChanceDor may now relieve him from the latter. In this case Mr. Brown will be free until the day appointed for his triaL
r-SOLrVEN DEBT0AS COURT. Jruj 30. RE FREDERICK RUSSELL. fBefore Mr. Coam-nheiLn puwTn' I Jahls insolvent, who lately kept a singing sloon in Theobald's-road known as the Lord Ragln Music-hall, applied to be discharged. Mr. Sargood and Mr. Reed opposed; Mr. Dowse supported. It appeared that the insolvent was formerly In the employ of Messrs. Ryams, wholesale clothiers, of King-street, Cheapside, and, 1n conjunction with a person named Muddick, had taken a publichouse in Theobald's-road, which they converted into a music-hall. The insolvent subsequently carried on the business alone and havingexpended, as he aaid, 3,3001. upon it, finally sold it in November last to Mr. Hrt for 12U01. This money he had applied in payment of debts, including 1501. paid to Messrs. Hyams, on account of money lent. One of the firm of Messrs. Hyams was called, ana stated that they received 1501. in JTauary last, but it was not on account of money lent; it was on account of money of which he had robbed them while in their employ, and they were stiR creditors for 2,0001. The insolvent, upon being pressed, admitted the debt was for money he had taken. Several creditors oomplaned of the manner in which their debts had been contrctd, and Mr. Commissioner rRmuPs considered it was a case for the application of the discretionary clause to its fullest extent. The insolvent would be discharged in six months from the vesting order.
SUMMJIER ASSIZES. ROME ORauTrr MAIDSTONZ. JuLY 37. licjere JDLa. JusticA Wrnr.xS.) OhartecChumley, 2 waterman, was indictd for the wilful murder of Elizabeth jones. Mr. Home and Mr. Fowler conducted the proeecution; 3fr. F. Russell was counsel for the defence. The prisoner in this cANe wasabargemau, and the decease was a girl of loose character belonging to 3aid8tone. it appeared that on the 9th of March the deceasd and her sIr, who is also a girl of the town fell im with the prisoner and another mar, who was the captain of a barge, and t'he deceased's aister agreed to accompany the prisoner on board his barg, and the deceased was to go on board the other barge with his companion. A dispute took pac between the prisoner and the sister of the deceased, and it appeared that upon some violence being used or threatened by the prisoner she left him and went on board the barga where the deceased was, and here some further altercation took place, and the prisoner struck the deceased a violent blow on the back of the head with a broom, from the effectt of which she died three days afterwardg. The prisoner was found " Guilty of manslaughter," and be was sentenced to four year penal servitude. Samuel Baker, who was convicted on Tuesday of the manlughter of a young offlicer belonging to the 44th Regiment, and who was originally charged with wilfu murder, was brought up for judgment. *r. Justice WMrYzs in p3asng sentence, said lhe had taken timo to consider and had conferred with his learned colleaguo the LorA Chief Baron also upon the sub. Lect,cwith. a vew to see whether there were any circum. stances ithe mcase that would at all redace the quality of the crime that had been committed by the prisoner, and he was sorry torsaythat he could not find anything that altered thwe oinion he h orignally entertained, that the crime he committea Wa of the moat aggravated charactr.i Eventruposing that tLhe undortnat cdeceas youtng ma had maeo use of improper langual e o his tw o hiilm ob kpfn ea N o tor this -wiemaitnaer nofi usiaon fork, his wasdeliberatel taking a deadly onstrument, suchas a poker, and beating himlabout the head with it in the avageomaner uthat he dbeen proved to have done, anreed hisondtineavd hevoun pong the pseahore In the st mfhpoeuted tnwih he wapou radeidentleno cring whfndatb the extreme.Hia Lordship ooncluded byrl statig that he felt withto berae horshduty,;under al the lrcojnstncto order -erm to beavoptein penal serviTude forthe remainder of his George parker, 25, was indicted for the capital offence of shooting h ary Anne Eliza Taylor, wi-th intent to murder her. In another count of the indictment the prisoner waa charged with cutting and wounding the prosecatrix with the like intent. Mr. J.F. Smith prosecuted; the prisoner was defendod by Mfr. Ribton. he osecutrix, a very good-looking girl, stated that she residheswIth her ent at Northfieet ;'and, at the time of the occurrence she had known the prisoner about nine mont and they had been keeping company together, and weretoave been married. The prisoner kept a tea and coffee shop at Rosherveme, and she usedto tako care of it for him, and return at night to her father's to sleep. On the Thursdai before the 30th of Miay she had a disak greement with t ha prisoner about a young man Speakng to her, and he squeezed her so hard upon that occasion that she was compelled to cal for assistance, and the Young3 mn she referred to catie into the room and sti the prisoner. After this she went home to hlr father's house, and did not go tothe prisone's shop any more until the Satarday following, whenL she went to fetch ha~ things. This was on the arthof May. She saw the prisoner, and lhe asked her to be friends with him, but she said she could not after what had occred on the previous Thursday, and that she was "in everybody's mouth." She then, it appeared, went upstairs, and the prisoner folowed her and sid, " Do So intendfto have me, or do yon not ae hLnd she replied, bo, uI don't intend to hLve you," The moment she said this he drew a pistol out of his right-hand pocket and said, " You shall hve the contents of this." She heard the click of the pistcl, and the moment she did so she rushed downstairhe prTnepisoner tried tosp her by laying hold of her cloak, but it came off and was left in his hands. She went out of the prisoners shop and sat on the sl of a window next door, and the prisoner came up to her and said, "What's the matter with you ?-I have not touched you, have I?" The prosecutor replied, "no, get away from me, I don't want you to touch hme" And upoan her saying this the prisoner sthbbed her in the aide with a knife. She did not see him strike her with the kmife, but she folt the blow, and found Afterwards that she had reeived a alight injmry on the left side, and that there was also a small cut on her left arm, but she was unable to sny how this was occasioned. The prosemtrix in answer to estions put to her by Mr. RhiBmO, sdad thatwit was orig arranged that after they were mnarried they should proceed to Australa but the idea, was given up, although it was quite settled that they wxe to be married. The prisoner had bought her a bondnet and a dress, and she had gone out for a walk with the young man she referred to with this bonnet on, and he came to the coffeeshop onthe Thuralyandh d omertea, Theprisoner cate inafter tea and said hewould nothav theh reth, and she aid in reply that he had come there to have his tea and she oould not turn him away. From the evidenc of other witnesems it appeared that the prisoner was in a dreadfuly excited state at the time of the occurnence, and that he struk the prosecutrim two or three times before the pistol was produced, and that he attempted to disoharge a scond pistol ae bhiself. Two plstols, it appeared, were taken from the prisoner one of which appeared to have beenrecntly a harged. Th d otherawas loaded with pow. der and ball but did not appea to have any cap on it Mfr. RmnoN, at the close of tha case for the prosecutiLon addressed the jury, and he contended that the evidence h altogether faLiled 2 inmaking out the serious charge of which the prisoner was accused, and he said that the real truth of the matter was that the prisoner in a fit of jealousy had pro. duced the pistols and discharged one of them, with the intention of frightening the rotoutrix, and inducing her to renew their connexion, and that he had no intention to do TheII-7JDG2~in sfumming up the case to the jury, expressed his opinion that there was not sufficient evidence to support the charge of shooting with intent to mnurder, but hie put it to them whether it had not been made out that the prisoner had committed the offence of unlawfully wounding. The jury, after a short delibration, returned a verdict of Zvot Guilty, and Hlis Loswsnr said that, without desiring to cast any refecton pontheverict hefel ithis duty to order the prione tofin sretes o kep hepeace towards the proscutix fr te spce f tw yers,and heajt the same timesaidhe souldadvie hi nuttonolest her or have
OXFORD CIRC=. fl±~U±W. JUY S(L hkr. Baron Martln and Mr. Baron Bramwell arrived in this city yesterday and opened the commission for the countyo Hereford with the usual formalities. Their catherid afterwards attended Divine service at the cathedral. The business of the assizes commenced this morning in both courts at 10 o'clock, Mr. Baron Martin kreiding in the Civil Court and Mr. Baron Bramwell in the rminal Court. The cause list contalns an entry of only two causes, one of which is marked for a special jury. The calendar contains a list of 16 prisoners for the county, and four for the city. Two are charged with child. murder; the other offences are for the most part cases of larceny. OVri CouRT.-(Before Mr. Baron MAiRT and Common. Juries.) PUGH V. JONES (EXECUITX.) Mr. Skinner, Q.C., and Mr. Davis appeared for the plaintiff; Mr Whateley, Q.C., and Mr. Phipson for the deedant. Whtop The plaintiff in this action, Mr. Pugh, was a solicitor and he sued the defendant, the executrix of her deceased husband, Joshua Jones, to recover a sum of money due for work and labour as a solicitor done by the plaintiff for the deceased In his lifetime in the conduct of certain Chaix. cery suits, &c. The defendant pleaded several pleas, in. cluding aplea of plene administratit Upon the issues thus raised some evidence was given on both sides. In the result the plaintiff obtained a verdict for 1651 on the first issue, and the defendant obtained a verdict on the second. HIGGIXS V. JAMES. This was an action for breach of promise of m a 2e. When the cause was called on, but before the special jurr sumnmoned to try it had been sworn, a negotiation took lace and it at length announced that the action had een settled upon terms. The record was withdrawn. Mr. Skinner, Q.C., and Mr. Davis appeared for the plain. tiff; and MWr. Huddleston, O,.C., and Mr. P?hipson for the defendant. CREMNAL COUT.-(Before Mr. Baron BRAxwx.) William Jones, aged 21, and Henry Selwood, aged 21, both described in the calendaras trampers, pleaded "guilt to a charge of setting fire to a stack of wheat, the property of Henry Brnun, at WestonunderPenyard, on the a7th of April e It appeared that the day after the offence was committed the prisoners delivered themselves up to the police, and con. fessed their orime, sayin.that they were starving nd did not know whattodo with themselves. Rr. Baron B R:, in passing sentence, said that no one of oommon feeling oauldbe otherwise than sorry that the prisonern should have been in the state of starvation in which they said tbey were. He bad no doubt their state. ment was true, but in this country starvation was no excuse for crime, for they had only to apply to the proper autho. rities and their wants ould have been relieved, and they would have been taken care of. They need not eeot that they would be sent to a country where they woulc[ pick up gold and get rich, for he (Mr. Baron Bramwell) felt it to rbhis duty to pass upon them such a sentence as would deter others from the commission of such offence. His Lord. ship then sentenced the prisoners to six years' penal se.-- Mlr. Partridge appeared for the prosecution. Samuel Sparrey was charged with embezzling three several sums of money, amounting toll. 3s. Id., the moneys of his master William Reece, at Ledbury, in 1856. Mr. Powell appear for the prosecution; Mr. H. James defended the prisoner. It appeared that the prosecutor, William Reece, wa an attorney at lgedury, and also carried on a manuac. turo or brcks in the same place. The prisoner wa6 in his employ, and had charge of bis bnckfield, and it was his duty to receive moneys for bricks and tiles, for which he gave receipts on a printed form, and to enter the sums #o received on the counterfoiL On the 11th of May last the prosecutor discharged the prisoner from his service. The prisoner then sued the Vrosecutor in tho County Court m respect of some old cluam, and was non. suited. The present indictment wras then preferred ganst the priaoier. It was pr>ed thatb ix Mrchi ma Mm 185(1
IIDIT.A" r-TprTTTWP WARWrIIC. .TtTT.V nn Yesterd,y afternoon, about 5 o'clock, Mr. Justice ERLX .rrived here. ond at once proceeded to open the commission. His Lordship was suet at the railway station by Mr. Henzy Spencer Lucy, the High Sheriff, accompanied by anumerous cavalcade of mounted tenantry, and was escorted to the judges' lodgings in great state, the carriage and all the appointments beig o. the handsomest description This m6rming, after attending Divine servlce, the Iearned judges commenced the business in both courts hr. Justice CressweUlpresiding on the Civil Side, and hr. Justice ErIe in the Crinimnal Court. The casse list contains an entry of only 13 causes, of 'Which four are to be tried byspecial juries. The calqndar contains the names of 50 prisoners, many of the charges being of a trifling character. Among them however, Are, 1 charge of murder, lof attempt to murder, 1 of administering drags to procure abortion, 1 of an abominable offqnco, lofbigamy, 11 of burglary, 5 of robbery ,with violence, 1 of embezzlement, 2 of uttering forged banknotes, 1 of engraving on a plate parts of a country'banknote, 1 of-coining, and I of uttoring counterfeit coin. Tvo cqmmon jury causes only have been disposed of to-day.
WESTERN MROTRTtR BODMIN. JUir.v 29 The commission was opened here yesterday afternoon by Mr. Justiso Crompton, who immediately afterwards went to church. Yir. Justice Coleridge did not arrive till late in the evening, having been detained at Exeter. The business on the Crowrn side is heavy, there being 29 prisoners for triaL Among these three are charged with murder, and several with very serious crimes. Four cases are entered In the cause list, two of which are marked for special juries. This morning business commenced by Mr. Justice Coleridge presiding in the Crown Court, and Mr. Justice Crompton sitting at Nisi 12rius. ;Mr. Justico COLERmoin, in charging the grand jury, observed .that two persons were committed on a chargo of administering phosphorus to a little girl who was the daughter of one and the granddaughter of the other prisoner. It would seem that the little child was of the age of three years, and that it lived with its mother in the house ,of its gratidfather, and it was supposed that it had become 2burdensowso, and the statement of the female psrsoner led to the supposition that the old man had ezaployed hig daughter in the firat place to purchase ar8enlo for the destruction of rats, altbough that was false. The woman had attempted to purchase the arsenic, but had not been successful, for the druggist had refueed to supply her with the arsenic, but had supplied her with a more innocent composition. She gave that to her father, and a dose of it was given to the child, but the first dose failing to t'ke effect a second dose was given and the child died. He was bound to say th.t the evidence as against both the prisoners utterly failed, that was, supposing they were tried together- but it 'vas possible that an application would be made, and which he should grant, that the daughter should be admitted to give evidence, and then the whole complexion of the matter would be changed and there would be abundant evidence for them to find the bilL There was another case where a man was charged with a blaphemous libel. He had never yet had such a case brought before him. It appeared that the prisoner was a billstioker going about the country for thae purpose, and le had chalked that unon a post belonging to a lergyman wvhich no doubt camet woin the character oi a blasphemous libeL He thought it would ,be their duty to find a biLl
NORTHBRN CIRCUIT. NEWCASTLE, JULY 29. JJeyore AlUr. haren WATSON and Common Juri.s.) inwvWoN v. MIORDICE. This was an action for a malicious prosecution, for charging the plaintiff with perjury before the magistrates, and procuring his airrest on that charge. Mr. OverendL Q.C., and tlr Davison appeared for the plaintiff; Mir. I5dwa' James, Q.C., and IMr. Jones for the diefendant. The plaintiff, it appeared, is tho surgeon to the union workhouse, and also a member of the town-council of Newcastle for one of tffe wards. The defendant is a pawnbroker in the town of Newcastle. In November last a dinner was given to a Mr. Laws, who was connected with the towncouncil, at an inn in Newcastle, at which, among others, both the plaintiff and defendant were present. At this dinner there Was a good deal of drinking, it being given in evidence that Mr. Laws drank " 15 glasses of whiskey and water," and the whiskey having the dominion a good deal of personal and poLical conversation took place, during which the ordinary rules of courtesy were not much observed either in language or demeanour. In the course of that conversation the president was termed "a wooden-beaded - ," and the defendant caUed the plaintiff " a thief, a rogue, and a liar, who had robbed the ratepayers by feeding the paupers of his ward with beef and wine,tnstead of giving thenn physic, in order to secure his eleotion" To which the plaintiff rejoined that the defenidant " had the aspeeb, colour, and complexion of a gaol bird; thab his profession was that of a receiver of gtolen goods; and that the man who made this accusation against him (the plaintiff) had the mind of a convicted 2elon." lFor using thias latter language the defendant brought an action of slander against the plaintiff, alleging that he had termed him " a gaol bird and a convicted felon, and a receiver of stolen goods." At the trial of this action at the last assizes the present plaintiff swore that the words he had used were not those alleged against him in the declaration, but as stated above. A cross action was also brought by the present plaintiff against the defendant for accusing him of fraud. Both actions, after the evidence had been Rone through in one, were settled by the interference of Mr. Baron Martin and the counsel engaged, and something like mutual retractations were then entered into. After the assi2es the present defendart alleged that the present plaintiff had perjured himself in his evidence, and protested he would spend 5001 in transporting him. Accordingly he took the first steps by blying an information against hin for perjury, and had him arrested on a warrant and brought before the stipendiary magistrate, Mr. Ellison, on that charge. The magistrate, after hearing the case, dismissed the complaint, on the groxund that the matters regarding which perjury was averred were not material to the issue tried. for this charge and arrest the present action was brought. A number of witnesses were called for the plaintifC, and the dinner and whattook place at it were minutely described by one of the waiters, who said, " ho was part guest and part waiter;" by the landlord, who gob very drunk on the occasion, and after being in bed three hours was roused up at the last, when the row began. One of the guests, a Mr. " Jack Harrison," was. described as " uproarious drunk.' The landlord's wife said, " the defendant ran about the house liko a little diviL" Another wvitne8s said the defend. ant accnsed him of having " Botany Biay staring him in the face for what Pie had said at the trial." AU these. observations in a densely orowded Court seemed to be most thoroughly appreciated by the townspeople in a manner beyond the appreheasion of strangera to its loc3l politics and prejudices. At the close of the plaintiff's caso, Mr. JAMES submitted that the proof failed that the charge of perjury had been preferred without reasonable and probable cause. His LoarDsilsiP thoughb the distinction so nice between the words sworn to have been spoken and these charged in the declaration that he could not say the charge was made. without reasonable and probable causeo and as this was for him to decide he thought the plaitiff must be nonsuited. The plaintiff accordingly submitted to a nonsuit. GIBSON V. DOEG. This was an action of ejectment. Mr. ttveend, Q O., and Mr. Jones appPared for the plaintiff; Mr. Temple, Q.C., and Mr. lJdaU for the defendant. It appeored tbat in 1822 the late Sir Mathew White Ridley had granted a building lease of ceorain waste lands close to thh towi of Newcastle, calledI the Red Barns Estate, with the astal covenanta to keep in repair, not to carry on trades, nor to erect shops, the land being let for the aurpose of building two vila residences upon it, to the husoanu of the defendant, at a rental increasing from 51. to 11., for a period of 54 years. The defendant's husband erected two villas upon it called Stepney 'Vihfi55, improved it, laid ouit the grotnd in gardens, and died about the year 1833. The defendant then-inferior buildings having been built tsp arouLnd so that the vilas would not let as heretoforeturned one of them into a, publichose, and erected several shops and workiang sheds on the laid, thereby greatly increasing the rental. The rent was rQgularly pad, andL the landlord's agent was acquainted with what the defendant did, but made no ceonplaint, and accepted rent. The plaintiff Mr. TIallentire Gibson, is an attorney at Newcastle, and' had purchaFd a good dual of the land aurrounding this lease-. hold property, and had built similar ereations uponx his land.. In May this ycar he entered into a contract to purchase. the reversion of this leasehold Property from Sir' Mathew Ridley, and the conveYanlice was executed to him on the 2:ld of May last. Ten days afterwards he issued a writ in ejectment against the present defendant foi: a breach of the covenants of her lease, in building shops on the land, csrrying on businiesses upon it, and for having the villas in a state of dilapidlation and wn frpi.Asr veyor namaed Grant was called for the plaintiff, who said he had just been aLppointed his surveyor, 'and since this action 'was commeniced ho had surveyed the villas end had found the roofs bad, the ceilingo wanting washing, the joists decayed. the' door panels broken, and altogethes' they wrere in a very bad state of iepair, wrhich seemeid, tbehave been their condition for some time. He alslo described the buildings and erections which bad ben placed onx the land. This was the plaintiff's c-ase. Mfr. TEmPILE submitted that the Plaintiff had no casey, that since the Commiion LAW ProceduLre Act there muist be an actual entry to entitle the plaintiff to recover. That -was the old law before Lordl Hale's time, which was changed only by the* fiction of law in the consent *rule, which confessed lease, entry, and ouster in.a ac &tion of ejectment. That bad been 00ow abolished by the Comnmon ILawfrocedure Act, and the requirements of the old law matst now he ful-. filled. He Teferred to the case of "1DaPper v. Mayo") in WiUian Saunders, and the cases there referred to. He SW4 it in a mortgage deed, granted to enable the defendant's rate busband to borrow 2501. on the security of his lease, to which the late Sir Mathew NWhte Ridley was aparty, and.by which the lease was freed and discharged fr-om -the right* of entry and from the other covenants in the lease doingC tbe. rTesidue of the term. FJBiLlnursi,o he was In favour of the view taken by the learned counse for the defendant. MIr. TEMIPLE also put in a license by Sir MS W. Ridley, allowing trades to be carried on on thel nd. His LORDSIIIP thought there had been a waiver of all the covenants except the covenant to keep in repair, and on that Mr. Temple must go to the jury. -. X I Mr. TE,LPLE then addressed the jury, stigmatizing this as a disgracefal action. The defendant's husband, a p)oor man,, had built the two villas on a piece of wrate landlet tohim| at a low tenth incresing from 61, a-year t4 14,,,Aitr his deat4h, in 1833, his widow was left inl euns,arrsse3 hirem.j stances, apd to increase her iacom~e she, .hzd ureoted otheri buildings on the land, 'yielring her about; 1001. a'yeAr,;'with , tche assent of] her landlord. On that sam she had, aubsisted,. j and was now old and blind. She had beeniT driven to erect! these buildings maainly by the proceedings of Ir. TaUeirtiw, Gibson, the plaintiff, wvho by erecting mean dwvellings 411 around her leasehold had greatly reduced its value as a vila property. Mr. Tanlentire Gibsona, no doulbt fully awvare of the covenarts in the laase, but without a hint to Sir W, M. Ridley that these covenants were broken, had purchased. *the reversion of the freehold, the lease having atil 19 years to run at a rental of 161. a-year. IIis convesance wvas oexe ing on the '23d of May, and on the 6th of' June, follow.Z outed and before he knew, whether the premnises wero in a state of dilapidation or not, because his surveyor had not then seen the premises, be issued his writ of 'ejectment to turn oult this poor wvoman from her property, whioh yielded her 1001. a-year, on the ground that s4e had broken all-the eovenants of her lease. He hoped that this attempt to get possessi'on of this poor w oman s 'property under eolour oi law would be defeated by the law and by the sense of justice of the jury. He should prove that the uriesfi hhd had upwardsof 3001. laid out upon them since 1 4, anduonpards or 191. this year in repairs, and that they were in substantial and good repair, and that less than 121. would do every possible thing to them that the y required. He called MEr. Drog and Mr. Johnston, the erchitoct to the corporation, who proved these facts, and that the villas wvere in a good state of substantial repair, requiring very little to be done to them. The plaintiff's counsel having replied, His I:OBDSni snmme& up, directing the jury that it wa nob every little matter showing decay and requiring renewal that would be a breach of the covenant to keep in repair. They must be satisfied that the houses were not in a state of substantial repair in order. to find for the plaintiff The jury imme diately found a verdict for the defendant. - Mr. Baron ZN 1rn.XL has been oconpied allito-day with thil trial of the pedigreepcase of "M'UDongal v. Bird," which is a contest among some distant next of J;in for some in.testate property. 'Thze case w~ill occupy great part of 'to-mor' rowv, and will conclude these assizes.
I. lPOLICR. i MANSION-szOUSE.-WilliAm Norris was &hUrged with having stolen a large quantity of sewing silk, the property of Messrs. Barnard and Rosenithal, ailk-manifhcturers, of 134, Cheapside, his employers, and John Whale was charged with having received the property knowing that it had been stolen. Mr. Wontner appeared for the prosecutionf and Mr. Buohanan for the defence, Mr. Barnard identified a good deal of his property, and the prisoners were remanded, but the Lord Mayor consented to take bail for the appearance of Whale to the amount of 4001. John Wilis was committed for trial for stealing a portemonnaie from Mrs. Bullock at the railway station in Fenchurch-street. Bow-sTREET.-Gcorgo Harvey, senior sub-sorter in the ondon District Office, having been in that service 23 years, was charged with stealing a letter containing a half-sovereign and two postage stamps. The letter, which was one of Mr. Sculthorpe's "tests," was, with others, delivered to the prisoner for the purpose of sorting. It was missed at the next stage, and the prisoner wasimmediately searched. Upon him was found the letter inserted in an old envelope addressed to himself. He had about him 51. in gold and some silver, and the officer found at his lodgings 141. in gold, He offered no defence, and Mr. HALL committed him for trial. Another letter-carrier was recently fined 51. for loitering on his way, and so delaying the delivery of his letters. MARLBOROUGH.STREET-.Thomas Henry IMason and Harriet Jarvis were brought up for final examination, charged with feloniously breaking into the warehouse of lc White Taeiag, andsteang property valued at 150. FnUv committee WORSImP-STREPT.-A few days ago a young man named Aarons was charged before Mr. HASBULL with havin been concerned in the abduction from the house of her parents of a girl about 16 years of age, named Rebecca Pass; the daughter of a tradesman in Pitfield-street, Hoxton. The particulars of the case were published in this paper at the time, and from those it may be recollected that the girl's father, in great tribulation at the loss of his daughter, stated that ho had been up all nigh' searching everywhere for her that he could think of, but mvain, andthathefinaUyappealed to the prisoner, in the conviction that he liew where she was concealed, butthattheprisonermade himnoanswer,and he was remanded. The girl had been brought up by an aunt in the Regent's Park, to the greater portion of whose property she would. ultimately succeed, and the cause of her transfer from there to the house of her father was stated to be that she had formed an attachment for some young man in the former noighbourhood whose attentions were strongly disapproved. The family solicitor now attended, and, drawing the magistrate's attention to the circumstances; stated that the girl had been traced to respeetable lodgings,. where she had been residihg by herself; that the young man, upon in. vestigation, had been found to be so much preferable to previous anticipations as in a great measure to remove the objection entertained towards him; and that upon a consultation of all the branches of the family it had beed thought desirable not to thwart the wishes of the girl and her intended, and that as the marriage would shortly take place there was no longer any intention to prosecute the prisoner Aarons, who it was now wished should be at once discharged. The father Qf the girl, who was in coart, confirmed this statement of the solicitor, and Mr. Hammili asenting to this happy termination to a very unpromising beginning, a cab was sent to the House of Detention for the young man Aarogs, who was speedily brought to the court and immediately discharged, to the apparent satisfac. tion of ani Parties. agd oteaprn aifc CVERXsMw L.-James Burgoyne, of 6, Lowther Cottages, Islington, desoribed on the polee-sheet as of no occupation, was placed at the bar efore Mr. D'EBTcouRT, charged with disorderly conduct, and obstructing the constablo in the execution of his duty in High-street, Clerkenwell. The defendant was nxot locked up, as bail was taken for him immediately the charge was taken. Pollee-constable William Briggs, 343 X, said he was oh duty that morning near the Angel Tavern at Islington, and shortly before 2 o'clock was dispersing some prostitutes who were very troublesome, and of whom there had been ;reat complaints, when the defendant interfered, and told nm he was exceeding his duty, at the same time seizing him by his arm ands sakinghimn. He told himto go away, teling him if he had any complaint to make to tak3 his number and go to the proPer authorities. Finding that he would not go away hetook him to the police station and charged him with interfering with him in the execution of Police-constable Wilton, 483 N, confirmed the other constable's statement, and added that the defendant shook the constable by the arm in a very excited manner. The defendant, in answer to the charge, said he was very violently illused by the first constable, Hf ecl ok to the constable, when hc was struck on thc sidc o£ thc head and ear. The policeman's treatment of the women wa very gross and violent, He called Mr. Wiliam Granville, who said he resided in White Lion-street, and knew the defendant. He saw police-constable 343 N drag a woman out of the Red Lion public. house in a most brutal manner. He dragged her along the pavement for some distance. The constable also knocked a man in a white coat down. He (the witness) was teUing the defendant what he had seen the policeman do, when the constable turned round and said, " Where is that man who has been interfering with me7" And then he went and took hold of the defendant's colar ahd pushed him violently against the shutters. The constable said, " You vagabond, you will interfere with me will you 9" and then hit him on the side of the head, and with the left hand struck him on the mouth, saying, " I wil teach you for interfering with me in the execution of my duty." The defendant said "I think you must be mistaken, for I have not interfered in any way, any more than I thought you had not done right in kicking the woman." At that time the constable was striking him. There were three or four policemen present, but he should not be able to identify them, as he was outside the mob. The same constable also knocked another gentleman about and kicked his hat into the road. Mr. Hearndon said he was a compositor on a morning newspaper. and was in St. John-street shortly before 2 o'clook. There was a mob collected, and the persons present said tbat the policeman hbad ilused a woman. He saw the constable strike a man with a light coat, and he (witness) was also assaulted, for which he now wished for a sumimona. Mr. D'EYNCOURT said it was quite evident that unnecessary violence had been used, and the matter must be inquired into. He then discharged the defendant, and granted thc twvo summonses against the policeman. A woman, who was dreadfully bruised about the face and arms, also a pp lied for and obtained a summons against the same constable.
[Advertisement. I-The Pio.nio Papers, by Charles Dickens, W. H. AMaxwell, Miss SLrIokland, Tniomua Moore, Horace Smith, L. Eltahis, Harzaton AInBworth, Allan Cunningham, and other celebrated writers illustrated withl spirited steel eneravina by George Omnikahank and " (Thiz," crown Gre.I 40 DPp.. cloth gilt, price Ss., uniform with the. " Pick iok Papers.1 'The infinite variety and bterlieg merit of this aingularly entertainingbOok, aided by the nue rous aud capital flloatratlo~s (,f Crnikasb au nd Phiz, and wit'h tmhe gpeat advantage of being edited by CJharles Dickens, rout at once stamp lt as one of the most interesting volumes in the Enullsb innguage. Lenders. WVardsaid Lock. 158, Feet-etreet. and allbookseUells. [Advertisement.],-."Homos3pty"4heciin rc 16,., fzee by ast, " E omesopabl atthy,"mod 1Mheditibon,byJ prlce M.D. 'DOTI) of all technicality. No mntcictee is prescribed witihout the indications for itsselection, and theexact dose tobe admin)lslered. Am excell1ent work for families, emigraLnts, sadm'iratonaries. A medicine chest for this work, priceb5ti, An Epitome ofthbsobove,price5sr. A guIde 1o thtse commencir,g this treatmaent in famlly.pr&ctice. A chest.for thit work. VricSee3f. Price Is., '*Homnesopathic Family Guide," for the deomestio treatmnent of ocdluary ailmsents. A case for thin work, 2us. Price Is., "IGeneral Complaints," their treatmen-t with 12 medicines. A ease for tbis work., I2s. James Leath, 5, St. Paul'sshorcbyard, and 9. Vere-street, Oxford-sttest. [Advertisement.)-` The History of a Flirt," related by Hersef, is thin day puflihed in the Parlour Library," price 2s. This work IB justly considered one of the best novels ever written. The new volumes lately nublished are-" Gleig's HSussar, 2s. ; Mrs. Thomson's "White Meast uIs Sd; MisA roSs'Tnant of 'Wiidfell HAIl,
MILITRBY. AND NAVAL INTBLLIGENCR. The Royal Commission*of Incsiry int4 the MItaxy P. chases In the Army met yesterday at No. l,Whiihall.yjard. The`ukd-6f-%imrsef preside The other Commissi6ners present were-the Bight Hon. Sidney Herhert, Ge6ieral Sir De Lacy Evans, Major-Goneral Sir Henry Bentinek, General Wynyard,'awid Mrb George Carr glyr!. Yesterday General Sir J F. Bargoyne, G.C.B., Inspector General of Fortifications, visited the Royal kngneer' isWablishment at Chatham, for the purpose of inspecting the field-operations now being earried on by the Royal Sappers and Miners and East India Companr's troops. In the after. noon Sir J. Burgoyne, accompanied bj the staff.at preseAt lt head-quarters, proceeded to Chatham line.% where the A troop of the Royal Engineers train, under the command of Captain H. T. Siborne, with Lientenant L. A. Hale, Lieutenant F. A. Marindin, and Adjutant'H.Savllle, was drawa up iU review, order. General Burgoyne having-ridden np ani down the line, thetroop broke up into sections and went through a variety of manceuvres. They afterwards Twent through the lasso exercise, which has been taught them by Sir Francis Head. The troops embarked in the freight-ship Whirlwind, men. tioned yesterday, were the followipg:-1 field officer, 2 captains, 4 subalterns, 3 staff, 22 sergeants, 9 drummers, 8 corporals, 225 prnates of the 19th 'Foot. The following weze the officers:-Lieutenant-Colonel J. L.- Rooke, a.B., Captains H. J. Uniacko and G. H. Warburton; Lieutenants'H. J. Browne, E. N. Kindersley, A. C. Martin; Ensign H. Thompson, Paymaster T. Palmer, Adjutant T. Thompson, Surgeoi T. Longmore; also, Captain M'Pherson, Ensign Spooner, and Assistant-Surgeon M'Lean, 3 sergeants, 2.'drum!ners, 6 crporals, and 65 privates of the 42d Iigh. landers. The Whirl'xind wvas to sail last evening for India ' She tooke also vast quantities of stores. - The 42d Highlinders -vwent into Portsmouth garrison fromth ecampyestord4y:-Three field efficers, eight captains, 19 subalterns, 6 stag, 38 sergeants, 29. drummers, n9 rank and Ale, As at present arranged 128 of the troops will embark in the James Baines, 159 in the Chanpion of the Seas, 119 in the Golden Fleece, 122 in the Victoria, ansd 203 in the Australian. The officers are,ieutenant- Colonel A. Cameron; Majors F. G. Wilkinson;.nd E. R. - Priestly; Captains J. C. McLemd, J. Drysdale, G;-itraser, - -W. C. Ward, J. G. R. Orove, F. 0. Soott, H.HE..Moseley, and WL. Baird; Lieutenants J. Wilson, W, Lawson, C. Douglas, W. Green, F. E. H. Farquhargon, -G. W. Cockburn, Hon. R. H. Stewart, 4 J. Bramley, F. K. Bayly, P. ML Bosworth, and G. A. Furse;- }nsi W. Jamues, A. J. Ceely, J. E. Chr4tle, S. G.: PMJ)akin, F. G. Coleridge, W. S. H. W. Fielden; -and T. Mackenzie; Paymaster J. A. Bazalgette; Adjutant W. Wooda (Lieute. nant); Quartermaster A. Macgregor -'-Surgeon J. S. Tur. long, M.D.; Aesistant-Snrgeons W. A. Mackinnon and H. ThornbiUl. The 42d wiiU commence embarking %d-morrow or Monday. The 34th Regiment arrived at Portsmouth from Edinburgh yesterday for embarcation In the Golden leece for India, These troops comprise 51 sergeants, 23 drammers, .701 rank and file, and thefollowing officers :-Lieutenant-ColoneTh R. D. Kelly and J. Sampson; Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J, Gwilt, Major J. Maxwell, Captain M. G. Best, Brevet. Major J. Jordan, Capta,ns H. E. Ball, F. P. Cassidy, D. Stewart, G. W. Puget, A. G. Shaw, Brevet-Major G. B. Harman, Captain C. H. Marsh, Lieutennts A. W. Boyce, J. L. Moore, J. B. O'Loghlin, J. Byron, T. H. Saunders, F. Pell, J. F. Wyse, R. J. Cochrane, E. Jordan, W. M. Doabar, T. S. Holroyd, H. Lamfen, En. signs T, G. Applegate, L. J. Grier, G. Malcolm, B. Shiffner, J. W. Horne, R. P. Fox, A. W. Gilley, and C. L. Dashwood; Paymaster C. B. Roche; Lieutenant and Ad. jutant R. J. Leeson, Quartermaster T. Rowan, Surgeon W. R. Chalmers, Assistant-Sargeons R. J. Worthington; W. Howard, and W. T. Paliologus. They are expected to embark about Taesday next. The James Baines and Champion of tho Seas clipper frelght-ships had not arriv6d at Spithead last night. The former will embark, as at present arrangqd, 86S of the 97th Highlanders, besides the detachments o thte 42d and other troops before named. The Champion of the.Seas is ordered 'to embark 837 of the 20h Foot, besides thodetachment of the 42d and others before named. Thel Victoria v iU embark 286 Royal A;tillery, besides the iunumier of the 42°dbefore given! As soon as the 34th have embarked in the Golden Fleece the 54th Regiment will proceed 'to Portsmouth lrooN the ca]mp amd most probably embark in the Lady Jocelyn. The mnmalaya steam troopship, Cominander * arwelf, arrived at Simon's Bay, Cape of Good Hope, on the 24th of May frokn St. Vincent's, foloweed on the 28th by the Transit steam troopship, Commander'Chambers,. from the same place, which she left 24 hours before the Himalaya, 'Which We are informed has lost many of her crew and sol. diers by desertion. The Transit had lost four. One man, a quarte-master of the Himalaya, in attempting to leave, the 'hip'on the night of the 2d of June to swim ashore was drowned. The Penelope, 28, paddle frigate, Captain. Sir Williahi Wiseman, arrivqd at Simon's Bay from the hiuritius-on t&e evening of the 3d of June, all well, closelj fol. lowred by the Barracouta, 6, Commander Fortescue, from China. The Himalaya left Simon's Bay on the morning of the 3d of June at 11 o'clock, and went out of the bay beau-' tifally. the was followed on the next morning by.the Transit, which disembarked 1 offlcer, 30 men, 1 woman, and 2 children of the Royal Engineer corps on the morning of the 29th'of May, who proceeded to Cape Town. Tle floating battery Terror, 16, Captain Frederick HIut. ton, and the paddlewheel steam-sloop Devastation, 6, Com. mander Edward Marshall, arrived at Plymouth on Sunday from Woolwich for the West Indies. The gunnery ship Cambridge, Captain Arthur W. Jer ningham, left Plymouth Sound on Wednesday evening for Spithead. HisNetherlands Majesty'swar steamer Gehdi, Commander Haring, from Helvoetslays, entered Plymouth Sound on Wednesday fir coal. She is armed with six heavy guns, twomnortars, and a long heavy pivot gun, and is bound to Batavia, touching at Rio Janeiro. The Frolic, 16, Commander L. W. Peyton (1856), which was paid off at Chatham yesterday, has been in commission four years, having been fitted out at Portsmouth in 1853 by Captain x S. Nolloth. Diaxing the time she has been in commissiou she has been employed cruising on the African coast. In 1854 she wvs engaged in surveying on the coast as far as Namaqualand, and for a month was searching to disn cover any of the remains of the illfated Nerbud4a,, 16, but without effecb. In 1856, Commander Nolloth having been posted, Commander Peyton was appointed to the Frolic, which then proceeded to Quillimane, to wait for Dr.' Livingston, who was taken to tho Mauritius. ,h'e was also employed in taking the Bishops of Cape Town'and Mauritius ott a cruise. In December, 1856,. the Frolic sailed to the Chagos Archipdago for the purpose of making inquiries into the brutal murder of Mr. Hugan,' and succaeded in discovering his mutilated remains at Lubise, one of the six islands On the 5th of April last the vessel was near the spot where the Nerbudda was supposed to be lost, when she was struck by a whirlwind which nearly sank her. The cfect oE the whirlwind, which lasted about a minute, was so'severe that the sea was tessed into waves 100 feet high. During the time the Frolic has I been in cpmmission she has sailed over upwards of 40,000 miles. Four deaths occurred on board from dysentery. On being paid off yesterday a good conduct medal was awarded to Sergeant Beddington, of the Royal Marines, and a gra. tuity of 51. to Corporal Weeks; gratuities of 71. each were also awarded to. William Hewitt, Isaac Day, and George White. Olicial orders were received in Cork on Wedaesday directingithe 99th Regiment to hold themselves in readiness' to procee4 to the Curragh. The companies of that regiment in garrison at Spike Island, Camden and Carlisle forts, have bees, replaced by a detachment of the 14th. _The Carthago, 1,000 tons, in to leave Kingstowntomorrow iith two companies of the 38th; and the third and last division of tho lst Royals will embark to-day on board the Defiance, which also takes out a company of the 60th Rifles._, The Right Hon. Sir Charles Wood, as First Lord of the Amrlheld his last levee this season yesterday. Thefo, ing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiral,y :.~-Captain Harr Eyres, to the St. Vincent; Commande J. F. Ross, to the Brunswick; G. F. A. Drew, th aen,ob Mohawk; 3. H. N. Moss, second master, to e aSeiir Henry IL. Kelly, second master, to the Jasper; W. Smith, acting second-master, to the Pylades.
CHEtSEA BRU)DGE FOOT PASSENGEgRs ToLLs ABoLITios BnLL.-The following is a copy of the report of the Select Committee on the above BiUl:-" The Committeehad examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the Bill, but the same had not been proved to their satisfaction. The objeot of the Bill is to abolish a portion of the tolls proposed to be taken under theAct 9th andlOth of Victoria, cap. 39. The Committee are of opinion that Parliament granted the funds for erecting the bndge under the impre3. sions conveyed in the 5th Report of the Commissione;s for the Improvement of the Metropolis, that the sum so granted would be repaid by the tolls to be levied upon the bridge. If the tolls were partially abolished as proposed by the Bill, there is no doubt the property in the neighbourhood would .be increaped in value, but the evidence addlced upon the Committee doegs iot clearly show that the value of the propertybelo giug.to the Govemment would be so much increased 'to eNver the losg which might irise fromi the aboltmi onf th, eol1s,.nutthe Committee a also of opinion that it is not dprabXlor the Government to continuq 2u pos.s8i0n of guh a property as a tollpaying bridge; and the Com. mittee rccbmmn9nd that aBi'l be introduced&for the purpose of enabli {hels& Government to dispose of theb'idge on such terms as the Lords Commissioners of lHe- Majeatos Treasry may deter4e, having due regard to-he reasei,valua of . the Governmient property, if thae bride h21d j,@ made whlo1lj or>;atiall toll free." -
SPORTING INTEBLIGENCE. t ' OIJDWOOTI 1tA(i, Tmnqninv- _ _ - THE CUP DAY. A great trial of strength with the American, French, and English horses rmpattd an' additional attracti6n t6 the "eup Day." Pryor and Prioress came to England with a vastreputation, while Flbrin and Monarque were not URknown td faine.' The Americans regarded the success of one of their horsis with no little confidence, and'it must be confessed tlat,'althou'gh Pryor'and Prioress Were defeated, they we not disg'rced The horse lathered considerably *o g% beig'tripd, bat lie tan. right up ia front to the distance, where Prioress;' too, looked so formridable that a shout of '4WtOrta aiONt the 'Aineri6ans' .was raised by-raany voicef.' It was seserved for France, however, to bear off the h'olonr of the day, ,Monarque,'who ran third for the Cup last year, winning it on the present occaslon after one ofthe'most exciting flxibdshovevr witnessed. 'The English horis's made"no 'inplorioUs exhibition,' and " perforraed" sufficiently well to sustaSntlieir high reputation. As our descri.ption of tth'rad6 o e eanc6nter was marked by a caiualty-which might have been as lamentable* as that which ocburred last year for tho Goodwood Stakos, Gaunboat, while le4ding, fell at the turn into the straight, and Arsenal, who, was in his wake, jumped upon him, and stambled, Fordhain, however, managing to keep his seat. Gethnik di Vergy and Kestrel were not so fortunate, both coming heavily to the ground, but their riders.escaped any various injuries. David Hughes was carried into the stand, and the Dukb of Richmond, with his usual kirdnes3 and urbanity, was instantly in attendance upon, Mm. Hughes was only severely shaken, he wM removed to the Chichester Infirmary, where ho receivecl prompt 'medical assistance. It is impossible now to-tell 'What might have been the result of the raee had no ccidenthappened. Ihe geneialopinionwasthattheAmne3ican horses-whlch vere ridden by nativo jockeys, In strip,ed jaickets 'and atbsc caps-.;'night have figured still more prominently had they een intrustedtf inen.as experienced and accomplished in their profession as 'English- jockeys. Indeed, in turf phrasoologyl Prioress looked " allover the winner" at the distance. The French people present were not a little gratified by the success of Monarque, and the 1iz wwtioh they wl c with them to France is a trophy :Ir6* hy"of possession.' .AIthough' the Cap' {6s the leading event in the'day's 5pprtv,ypt theriere other eaces of pecliar interest decided, 1 Pnd whoh gave rise to some brisk speculation. The raults are folly detailed below. , That most niportant and uncertain element in an Rn. -hshmn3n's eAjdynlea,t-Th, weather-proved propitious and a finer day for, t celebratiqn of the sport couald not have bceen desired. ' rk clonds occasionally gathered, butthey brought wfith them pleasnt bpezes which delightfully temperedthe heatbf the sun. Perhaps the attendance of general company was never larger on any fo;mer anuivel%gy of the "Cup Day," and, as a proof: of our assertion, we may state a fact that brings conviction with it. Mr. Mason, the printer of the cards, sold out his entire stock soon after the races commenced, and was compelled to "go to press" again on the qoarse in%r erto supply thl increasing demaud The ran on the refent depattulqa'o was extraordinary, ind at Las the stock of awichei was exhausted, although lr. Careless had catereI with his usual liU4rality,tq spply the many-mouthed mu titude. ; . In the interval b tween tbe raceswe evdeavqu!red to jot down'the names of the principal aristocrati4 visitozs, but so numerous were they, and so much was ourtizae and attention occupied bythe racing, that ire were'co-mellped-to relinquish the task, owing to the impossibility -f-maldngour "list of fashionables" comple e. The gestso the'Dnke'of Richnond compri4edlsEnyal Highness tDe Duke of Cambridge, the Prince and-Princess Edward of SaceWeimar, -the Duke end Dachess of Beanfort, the. Eal -ad Countess of Derby and Lady Emma Stanley, the Marquis arid Marchioness of Exeter,the Mar isofAilesbury,EarilandCountessofWilton andMprdGreyd`Wiltdn, LadyEdith Somerset,LordClifden, lord Bingham, ILord SeEton, tord Cavendisb, Lord- Enfield, lord'Euston, LordCowper, Mr. and Lady Sophia Des Yeuax, lord and Lady Besaborosigh, Hon. J. Macdonald, Admiral !lup Rossolonel Maitland, hE, - upin, MIr. G. Payne, Mr. -.The sport wass decided as under:. SWEEsrxSES Of 200 sovs. eachj for 2-yr.olds, 8st. 7Ib' 5Cestb* allowanoes T. .C. 1hree quarters of a mile. Lord Dirby's Toxopholitei, bgIVy ngbow, 8st. 21b. (lat. Sir J. B. MU's cog t by Bay ]iddletin -Cmbs, Sst 7 jb. (S. ogers) ... ... ... ... 2 *-Sir JiHaw eys'Beadsmnat; Set.41b (ADay)' ... , 3 Mr. W. S. S. Crawfurd's 3ant Langton, 8St. 41b., (G. Oat-es) B ..SS... I. .; - - ...4 Mr. W. H. Brook's Siermon, 8t. 71b. (J. Osborne) ... 5 Betting.-2 to lasgat the' Cymubacolt,3 to 1 agst Sermoi and ToxopholiteF 7 to 2 agst East Langton. .W'ybne *Ing'th ; halt a lengthbetween the secoqd and third, same distancd between the third and fourth. Sermson twas beaten off. - The MoracoMs STAKES of 50 sovs each, h. ft., for 2y r. olds.; Colts, 8st 71b. - filliess 8st. 41S. Winners extra. The second to av9e his st;ke. T.Y.C. 17 subs. Mr. J. Merry's Lora of Urm, by'Touchstone, 9st. (in. cluding 71b. extr&.), (Alderoft) ..;. :.. ... ...1 Sir L. 'Newman's Vandyke, 8st. 121b. (including 51b. extra), (A. Day) . 2 Mtr. Howard's Queenstown, 8st. 41b.(Fordlham) 3 Mr. J, Parker's Wilton, 8st. 71b. (Charlton). ..4 Lord Londesborough's York, 8st. 121b.'(including5ib. extra), (Templemanu . . .5 . . Betting.-5 to 4 onLord of Lorn, 4 to 1 agst Wilton,;5 to 1 agst Vandyke, 6 to 1 agr t Queenstown. Won by a neck; half-a-length between the second and third; the other two, close together, were beaten about a couple of lengths from the third. SWDEPSTAKES of 200 sovs. each for 2-3r-old fillies, 8st. 7Tb. each. Certain allowances. T.Y.C. 4 subs. Lord Derby's Target, by Joe Lovell, 8st. b. (Flatman) 1 Mr. F. Robinson's Hamming Bird, Sat. 71b. (A. Day ... 2 Mr. W. S. S. Crawfurd's Bodkin, 8st. 71b. (G. Oates ... 3 Betting.-5 to 4 agst Humming Bird, 6 to 4 agat arget, 5 to 2 agst Bodin. Won y three-quarters of a length; *bad third. The GOODWOOD CUP, valUe 300 50VS., the rest by sub- scription of 20 soya., with 100 sdded. The seoond to receive 100 soya. out of the stakes, a:nd'the third 50 soya. Twro males and a-half. 40 subs. Count Frederick de Lagrange's Monarque, by the Baron, Sting, or the Emperor, s yrs, 8st. 91b. (Ashmall) 1 Mr. J. hlerry's Ris*ber, 3 yrs, 7st. 21b. (Bray) ... 2 Mr. Starkey's Fishrman, 4yrs, 9st. Ilb. (Wells) ...3 Mi. F. Robinson's Anton, 3 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Flatman) ...4 The foUowing also ran:- Mr. Saxon's Mary, 5 yrs, 9at. 5lb. (Dales). Mr. R. Tow Broeck's Pryor, 5 yrs, 8st. 91b. (Ilttlefield). Captain Christie's Kestrel; 4 yzs, 8st; 61b. (J. Rogers) Lord Cliiden's Melissa, 4 yrs, 8&t. 61b. (J. Osr orne. *Ir. Gratwicke's Viscount, 4 yrs, 8st. llb. (Kend). Mr. R. Tew Broeck's Prioress, 4 yrs, 7st b (pill Patrick). a.Ib.(il Mr. J. Robson's Gemma di Vergy, 3yrs, 7st. 91b. (Aldcroft). Mr. Howard's Arsenal, 3 yrs, 7st. 21b. (Fordham.) MIr. J. Hawkins's Qunboat, Z yrs, 7st. 71b. (including 71b. extra) (Hughes). Mr. Lupin's Flora, 3 yrs, 6st. 7b. (Hunt). Betting at Starting.-5 to 2 agst Gcmma di Vergy, 11 to 2 agst Anton, U1 Yo 2 agpt Riseber, 9 to 1 agpt Arsenal, 14 to 1 agat Fisherman, 15 to -1 agst Monarque, 15 to 1 agst Florin, 15 ta 1 'agst Melissa, 20 to 1 agat Gunboat, 14 to 1 agst tbe American-horses coupled. After the strter had paraded the horses iu Indian file past the Grand Stand ho conducted them to the post, and endeavoured to drar them up in line,-a task of some little difficulty, owing to the fractiousness of Pryor, who caused several breakings Imay. When the flag was dropped Viscount rushed to the front, but on reachitg the Grand' Stand, Riseber, who was pulling hard, went up to him, Viscount, Monarque, Gunboat, Fisherman, and Melissa clustering well up, the American horses bringing up the rear. On turning out of the straight, hbowever, Prioress emerged from the muck and -went away with 'a lead of half,a dozen lengths, Florin, Gunboat, MonarqMe, Fisherman, Viscount, and Arsenal running ina body rext. On roundingbe tburn towards the clump rioress ran wide, and Gunboat was left injpossession of the lead, which he carried on into the dip. On rising into sight RisebeF and Prioress were seenL in close company with Otinboat, followed -'by Mfelissa, Florin, hlonarque, Fisherman, -and 'ArsenaL They ran thus to the last turn, and on descending the hill by the half-mile post Gunboat slipped up and fell, and Arsenal jumped upon him. Fordbam fortunately kept his seat, but Kestrel and Gemmadi Vergy both came to the ground. The lamentable occurrence of last year immediately rushed upon the minds of the spectators, and the most painful interest was excited. All fears were dispelled as the jockeys were seen to scramble up apparently uninjured. After this accident Riseber was left with a asight lead, --ith Monare at his quarters and Prioress next, with Prior well up, the American horses going particularly btrong and welL At the half distance Monarque went up to Riseber, and Prioress gave way to Fisherman. The race from that point was virtually reduced to a mateh between 1he first two, Monarque' winning by a head, three lengths between the second and third, Anton, who met with a disappointment by the accident mentioned above, was beatena aboue three lengths from Fisherman, Prioress was a bad fifth, Pryor and Melissa were sithand seventh, the others were pulled-up. The FNDoN STAKES of 10 sovs each for 2-yr-olds, colts, 8st. 71b.; fillies, 8st. 41b. Winner of 100 sOVy clear31b, of 200 sovs 51b. extra. T. Y. C. 66 subs. Mr. Howard's Perfection, by Birdcatcher, Sat. 41b. (J. Goater) I Mr. J. Merry's Sunbeam, &at. 71b. (including 3ib extraj) (Wells) .. .- .. ... ... ... ... 2 Mr. Gratwicke's Deceiver, 8st. 71b. (Ashmall) . 3 The following also ran:- Mr. AL Dennett's colt by Fallow Back-Subterfage, 8st. 71b. (Fordham). hMr. Jackson's Blackthorn, 8st. 71b. (Bullock). Mlr. La Mlerts Melita, fst. 411. (Charlton). Mr. Pedley na. Excelsior, S&t.a71b. (Basham). .Mr. J. Seotl's Punster, 8st. 71b. (S. Rogers). Mr. Saxon's the Ancient Briton, 8st. 71b. (J. Osborne). Lord Clifden's flly by Surplice-H. R. H., 8st. 41b. (A. Day). ! Captain White's July, 8st. 41b. (Flatian). *Betting.-2 to 1 agat Perfeotion, 7 to 2 ag8t Dedver, 6 to 1 each agst Sunbeanl and Subterfuge colt. A fne race in, won by a neck, thrveiar % a length' between the second and third. The Ancient Briton 'and Subterfuge colt were fourth and fifth, close together, abouta length from'the third. Punster was a bad sixth. Blackthorn was seventh; H. IL H. fily and Melita were next. Exceldsior was ltibeaten off.. The RIACIN STAKES of 50 sovi, each, for 3*yX.olds; ;clts, Sst. 716.; filies, st. 41b. Cerih penaties, 03e mrile, 8sxubB.- .'1 Mr. Howard's ScheldRm, by the Flying Dutchman; &t. 71. (J. Goater) .1 Mr. Bowes's Bird.iu the-Hand, &st, 7b.-tWells)... - 2 Lord Wilton xRhisus, st. 71b. latman.... * Mr. Payne's colt by Alarm,- Ibsh, th t. 7lb.l(Plumbj 4 Lord Anglesey&' Fugitive, 8St. 7lb. (Ch;rltop) ... r. Duke of Bedford's Keepsake, 8st. 71b. (S. Rogers) 6 S;ir J. HIawley's Mohawk, &tf. 71b. (A. Day Betting.-2 to 1 agst Scheidam,' 9 to 4 agst Bird-in-thZe Hand, 4 to 1 1.agst llhisus, 7 to 1 igst Keepsake.- Wecondtby,ead; rteequsrters oE a length betwhen tho The TmRD YEAR of thio Fir BEmN0K MEMORU - STAKEs of 10 som cach for 4-yr-olds; colts, &I; 7Tb.; filies, 8st. 21b. Queen's Plete Course (three Piles fve. * urlongs 97 yards). 31. subs Captain White's Aleppo, by ilarm, &et. 7Tb. (Flatman), walked over. 1Rinan Yxoi of 'tEe SzvxrT BENrCK ME::sORL& STAKE, atriennia stake of 10 ovs each., fr Colts,8sat. 71b.;J1llies, St.41b, T.Y.O.-3 us LordDerby'sLongraige, byLoUngbow, St. 71b.(Flatman) I Mr. Howard's Rocket, 8st. ?lb. (J. Goater) ... ..2 Lord Clifden's colt by Nutwith, .-Latitude, Sat. 71b. (A. Day) ... . Mr. Gratdwcko's Deceiver;, st. 7b..is.ha) ' 4 Betting.-5 to 2 on Longrange, 6 to 1 each agpt Deceiver and Rocket. Won by a length; bad third. SECOND YEAR of the SsxTr B sEuxcK MESORTAL STAKES of 10 soys each, for now 3-yr-olds; colts, &st. 71b.; hllies,st. 31b. Gratwicke Stakes Course. 31 subs. Mr. W. 'Afison's Bink Borny, by delboarne, 8st. 31b. (Charlton).... .. .. ..... I r. Hloward's Chevalier d'Industrio 8st. 71h. (Fordhamn) 2 The betting opened at.8 to I on Biink Bonny and closed at 5 to 1 on her. Blink Bonny indulged Chevalier d'ndustrle with the lead to the half-.ile post, where she joined him. At the dig. tance the Chovalier swerved from distress, and Blink Bonny quitted him, and won in a, canter by 2!0 lengths. The ETLA STKES'f 10 soa. ach Xor now 3.yr. ods; cots Sf;.b;fil40fS 8sf; E2lb6 Certain #owances. Lord John Scott's Metoissma, by Pynrhus tho First, S&t. 21b.,' (Kendall), walked over . .... . BETTING ON THE COVE 0bO to 70 agstLngrangs (ta'on) TEBE?TING ONf THEZ GOODWOOD ;5TAKX,.-Theq!oin nce gaiistlushrmat wi inorroblstated y~esterdaTY1 easily obtainecl about him at the finish-.j'e Tax HAENDICAP PLATE OF 501., HAF.AMMS.-Colonel Montresor's Ubique, 3 yrs, 6sat. 71b. (Bennett), shoud hav been includled in tUie hist of starters for this rare. Hewas among the horses beaten off. OnjEcioT10 TO IiEAMn{arOX.-An objection was made. *gaizt this horse on the ground that he was partly the property of a gentlemaii who- is a defaulter for bets. The case was gone into, but before it was concluded the objection w0as wthdrawvn,
ORTCXP,,P- LTONIAN5 UINDI 20 YEARS OF AGE v. HAIROVIAlB UrIYDER 20. ats LCris Ground Yeaterdaj this " minore match of tie above schcols was resunfea fhom the prTIlou3 day. and brought to a cmolu. dlonin favyet of Ravrow, with ten wickets standing. The groundwes well attea4ed, andatbe match gave great satlafaction to thea viitos, and it Is to be hoped that this and other xrblio school masthes for the fatur6e wM beag.i n witnesaed unnall. On Monday, at the onm menoemen txethgame, Eton bad two short of thelrnumber of the umntel agl, bIht with a generous and cricket-like feeling on the Dart of Hearorw they pre allowed tD enlist two rathee above, Mescre. Fane snt ield. ri t the c1W of the game the scoro stood as follows *E2TON. ir.. Inulugs Secokd Innloga. )ft. T. E. BlkggeS c. ancL b. Ark. ~Wribt - .. i - 0 b. Arkwrigbt .. ... 3 Tir. lE by,b. Linteon.. 5 b. Arkwrlght . . Kr,E.RA.IeIgh,b.Linton *, J17 c. and b. Linton . Mr. F. I. Nora&n, c. .Caren- ter. b. AvksvTght . . i . 23 b. Llnt:n . *.18 tr. B. Field-. b. Azkwrght .. 0 c. Askwigbht,b. Liton 2 1 Mr. E. B. Fane. e. Churcb, b. Linton -... . .8 c. Kierton, b. Arkwright I. Mr.A.Ue. fieiger, run out; 3 c. Churec, b. Arkwrlght ; 10 Mr. G;Davy. b. Linton.. .. b. Ltnton . 2 Mr: IL Rawlinson b LIntdhu 1 o. loncrelff b. Lhiton 13 Mr. B. D. Cleaatjy, e. and b. Linton . not Out 9. net out2 Wr. W. .ott not out 1 hitwicket,b. Arwrlght o R. - ,4 .. L-.. . . 8 b.,1l.L-b.,1;w.,1, .. 3 Total 7.0. .T .. . Total. . 9 HARROW. First Inninga 8econd InnIngs. Mr. a. sclay, blt wicket, b. . . efr.OigStr,hIMot - notout . 1 Mr. A. orthey, e. Lawllnson 31r. R. 3kono, o. Mott. b. -T'heolger.. . .. .1 3r. W.Klgtos3, c. flavey, b. ~~~~~~0lt ot.. .. .. ... 1 Mott . ~~~~I blr. EL L'nton, b. Field . . 14 Mv. U. rkwrlgh, b. Mot ..12 Mr. W. Church, c. and b. The. j,. alger . 4 Mr. T. Wegueli:;. b. Theler 11 Mr. E. aIoncrioff, notout . 8 B.,4; L-b.,3;w. 14; n.-b, 1 22 W., 2 .. .. .. .. 2 Total .118 Total . . . .. 12
HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. The extra season at this house, which has now lasted nearly a fortnight, was signalized last night,by the revival of Mozart's Le Nozze di Pigaro, which, though formerly one of the most familiar works of the lyrical repertory, has not been performed in London for a considerable time. As might have been expected, nearly the whole strength of the company was employed on the occasion, and the opera was performed throughout in very equal etyle. Mademoiselle Piccolomini was busy, bustling, and saucy as the astute Susanna, threading the mazes of intrigue with every sign of enjoyment, and meeting difficulties with the strong will that characterizes all eminent historical personages. Mademoisclle Ortolani sang the music of the Countess in a tasteful and artist-like manner, illustrating the part with a refinement of by-play that gave no small evidence of histrionic proficiency. As Cherubino, Mademoiselle Spezia was less at ease than in her tragic impersonations, and the buoyancy of the page was somewhat solemnly depicted. Figaro was excellently sung by Signor Belletti, and Signor BeneTentano made an imposing appearance as Count Almaviva. The minor parts were remarkably well filled. Basilio was represented by Signor Belart, who made of himself a perfect likeness of the lean caitiff, giving full expression to the well-known " La Vendetta," and restoring the air in the second act, commonly omitted. Signor Rossi was an efficient Don Bartolo, and Antonio was rondered more than ordinarily important by Signor CorsL The performance generally was marked by a gaiety that was fully appreciated by the audience, the artists going through the intricacies of the concerted pieces with a degree of ease and freedom that becomes really remarkable when we recollect that the opera, not being announced in the programme of the season, has been but recently studied, and was, probably, new to many persons engaged in itsa execution. The old joke of giving a double encore to the phrase, " E schiatti il Signor Conte al gusto mio," which was so prevalent in the days of Jenny Lind, waS repeated last night amid shouts of laughter and applause, and repetitions of "YVoi cie sapete," and " Sull' aria," were universally demanded. The house was completely full.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In 71e Times of to-day (the 29th) an error has crept into your account of the Leander and Westminster Race, which I am sure, fromyour well-known character forjustice, yox will at once correct. So far from the "eights" jogging up together, which ogging assumed the character of a trial of speed, it was from tho outset a race, and started by Mr. John Wright, of Cambridge, Westminster, and Henley fame. The course rowed was from Westminster a little above the bridge to Putney.bridge, and the time occupied- a few. seconds over 30 minutes. A victory over the '- Leander Eight" is not so easy that we can afforz to lose any credit that may attach to our efforts. I need not say that the charms of this race-our only eight-oared one in the year, now that the Eton has been discontinued-are considerably heightened by the hospitalities of the Leauders, and by their almost paternal ansiety, as instanced in the provision of a bus for our conveyance, that we should not be late for "Lockers." Apologizing for thus troubling you, I am, Sir, yourmost obedient servant. A WE, SIINSTS. v LUJ -.
ADnIrssioN Op JEWS m-To PA.RL NT.-A morning paper states that Lord John Russell, in referring yesterday to a means by which Baron Rothschild may possibly be enabled to take his seat in the House of Commons without the passing of any new Bill, alluded to an Act passed in tC fifth and sixth year of the reign of William IV., and bearing date the 9th of September, 1S35. The Act is entitled " An Act to repeal an Act of the present Session of Parliament entituled 'An Act for the more effectual Abolition of Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in various denartments of the State,' and to substitute declarations in lieu thereof; and for tfe more entire suppression of voluntary and extrajndicial oaths and affidavits; and to make other provisions for the abolition of unnecessary oaths." The section of-the Act which, it is supposed, will enable the Jows to get into Parliament is the eighth, and is as follows:-"And be it enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for all other bodies corporato and politic, and for all bodies now by law or statute, or by. any valid usage, aittho. rized to administer or receive any oath, solemn affirmative, or affidavit, to make statutes, bylaws, or orders, authorizing and directing the sabstitation of a declaration in heu of any oath, solemn affirmation, or affidavit now required to be taken or wade; provided always that such statutes, bylaws, or orders be otherwise duly wade and passed according to the charter, laws, or regulations of the particular university, o-u-ther b"fordy eo~o andpolitic, or
IRELAND. x - O o (IFROM OU OWN OORBEI2OND3M.1 DUBLIN, TRSDAY MORLNI, LORD CATLISLE IN THE WZSr The EArl of Carlisle and suite left Dublin yesteir day after0oon by specialtrain to pay hit promisw visit to the town of Galway, where the partyW anivi at 20 minutes past 7 in the evening. 4z the traim approached the terminus the Hawk, 60 guni, fired t. Royal'salute, and upon the platform was a larg& assbmblage of persons who gave his Excellenyw a hearty greeting upon his arrival in the land of th&e Blakeg, the Bodkins, and the other tribes of the " ancient citie." The Viceregal visit is purely ono or binusement, the regatta ii the noble bay being th. leading point of atttaction. ' THU GRPAT PORTMANTEAU CONTROVBRSY. The ill-titmed and injudicious letter of Mr. Smitlb O'Brien relative to the search of his portmanteau at the close of the, Ballingarry campaign has, as a matter of course, elicited a reply from Sir Thoma& Redington, whose pro"pecta of re-entering Parliament-whenever the occasion may offer- have not been* one whit damaged by the loose charges oE dishonourable conduct preferrei against hiu bi' Mr. O'Brien. Sir Thomas thus writes to the iri"i journal which published the missve from Caher* moyle:- ` Sir,-Your paper. of this evening contains a lettl* signed 'W. S. OBrien,' which I think deaerves fromz me the earliest notice. , "The objeot ot that letter is, by an nfair statement of my conduct as regards the examination of Mr. -OBrien'e' portmanteau at the period of his arrest for high treason, to sh ow that I am unworthy of the confidence of anyortionoc, my feliow couxtryme, ' especially of those who belong to my owsn religious persuasion.' -' I "I am not sorr' that fr. O'Brien ha3 comnforwArdpep, sonally to comnplamof my conduct in this matter, as hitherto. I havo usually had to deal with this charge when made by, anonymous parties. Ishall. cl refer to, that npb of tholetter which concrns myself, ard in doing so shali brieflystate 'what occed in reterence to thi famous'p6rtmaneau. Mr. O'Brien 'was arrested at Thurleg on Saturday, and ori Sunday the despatch of Gener*4MDonal4 a rivedrelating tho circumistances attending It, wliileacommuinication fr6nn Mr. Gore Jonbs; MLL, stated that Mr. O'Brien exptessed v wish to be allowed to geta trunk Qf- his 'which zetanedat Mr. Doheny's (who wasalso accused of higlitreason). r. Jones added that Ar. O'Brien told- him the 'rtink onl$ cctamed weazing apparel which, he, was most anaioutto t. ceive, as he had beeri without a supply of it for some days. the latter part -of the day a railway offiber arive4 with tho trunk at my lodge in the :Park, and, anxious that no delay should occur in forwarding it as Mr. O'Brien, desired, I directed my secrctary to satisfy himself that it; only contained 'wearing applrel,' and then to go himself to Kilmairnham and deliver the trunk to the governor, withl an order from me that it should be st onoe delivered to the% "On openina the Portmanteau my seoretay found t1b half of it was Ned with manuscript documents., My directions then 'were to remove those papers, to nihtil them as was neces3ary for the purpoe of identification, and then to. take the portmanteau with the wearing,r apparel to Kilmainham, which was immediately done. The documentswereinitialed by my private seretary, not byrne, and subsequently handed over to the Crown solicitor, in -whose office tSeyremained, outof my custodyand controL That, in the discharge of my public duty, I perused such portions of them ns were connected with public matters is (uite true, but I certainlv never saw or perused such a private doement as a letter from Km O'Brien. ' It would, of coure, have been improper either for meas a public officer to have given an order, or for the governor to have delivered to a person charged with the highest crinme known to the law anvthing of the contents of which we, were ignorant, and if 'I had done so in the present case E should have been accused of conniving at the conoealment of a document on which another gentleman was afterwards to be tried for high treason. " My conduct in this affair was, I think, throughout consitent with my duty, and I can only say that in whateverposition Imay be placed that duty 1abl alwarls discharge,. without regard to the rank or statiot of those with whom it. may bring me into collision, and without fear or favour. ' In Mr. O'Brien's cuse I was not and could not haver been actuated by any personal hostility towards himself or his family. I make every allowance for the feelings Which his painful position may have enzeidered in his mind, ana I should be glad to believe that his conducot towards me on' the present occasion hasi been as free from vindictiveness an my conscience telle meI am free from the charge of 'mean. ness or dishonour' which he desires to impute to me. amI sun Sir, your faithful servant, * ' ~~~T. N. RrnnmGrOa."' TEE FUlNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 911; ditto for account, 10LB August, 91t 91; New Three per Cent. Stock, 901 J; ditto for account, 10th August. 90 4; ditto for new account, 10th September, 91; Bank Stock, 2346; RoyaI Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 22k; City of Dublin Steanm Company (1001. paid), 78k. -Raiways :-Dublin and Drogneda (701. paid), 62i Great Southern and Western 4 per cent. preference (paid in fuliJ, 18k Mlidland Great> western Railway and Canal (oO1. paitd), o0A.
I?TCREASED SUIPLIE5 OF Co:rro,%.- A lar.-e anc1b Influential depnuation from the Cotton Supxply As.4oclation, of Manhester,comznprising merchants and manufactarcr.H from Lancashire, Glasgow, ard the midland counties, had an interview with Lord almerston at his aidencee Cam.- bridge-honse, Piccadily, yesterday, at I o'clock, for theW purpose of making certain statements to his Lordship as to the present supply of this important raw material, and to, submit to hirm ertain proposals by means of which, in the, opinion of the deputation, a largely inoreaLed supply might be obtained from British India. The deputation onsistec of the folowing gentlemen :-Mr. E. .Ashworth, Vicesn President, Bolton; Mr. J. Pender, Mauchester; Mr. T.o 'Clegg, Manchester; Mr. t. Raaciss e. Rochdse; Mst. B... Birley, Preston; Mur. J. Humber, Preston; Mr. G. H. OrInerod, Newchurch; Mr. J. Marshall Stockport; Mr. H. Mason, Ashton-on-Line ; M1r. W. WamkIy, jun., Bury. Mr. J. Baynes, Blackburn; Mr. A. W.olmnes, Derby;. Mr. H_ Dunilop; Glasgw- Mr. W. Cruin,. Glasgow; Mr.. IV.Poter, iverool;. kr. 6. Booker, Liverpool; His. Worship the Mayor of Oldham; Mr. T. Thornley, Hyde; Mr. J. Burton, Tyldesley; Mr. N. Alexander, London ;. and H. Whitworth, Manchester, Secretary to the Assoiatien, The. deputation was accompanied iy the followingto xaem1bers of Parliament o -M. E. Akroyd, h LP.,. Mr- T.oCheetham, MP Mr. . A.Cross, nLP., Mr. F.. Crossle aryILP., M. E., Mo . G. Greewaldl,d 3LP., Mr. C. P. Ghen perlo.sr G. ladfiold, M.P., Mr. C. Itindley, M.o Mo. J nod, M.P.. Mr. W. H. Hornby, LP, M.ur M.P., i dr. W. Kirk,. M.P., Colonel 3.W atenMP M. R. N. Philipsof M.P., Mr. atms P] riFg Powell, Mf ., Sir A.-e Ramsyins , Mr. PP., Mr. J. A. Turners . MP,Mr. H. WosMP,M.W.Brown, ALP., Mr. W.. Buchnan, 'ALP., Si .Pte.MP., M1r. & Dalglisb, M.Y., Lord Stanley, ALP., Mr. J. . Garnett, X.P., Mr.. W.T.Egerton.tM.., Mr. 3. Pilkington, AtLP., SirT .E 3. bitistone, M.P., Captain Gray, 1SP., Mr. .Horasnan,. l., M. X.aC. Ewart, AP.,- Mr. T. Thonely, Mo.P., Mrr Mr. G. C. Legh, MlP., Mr. J. Biggs, MY., oidc Mr. J.1). Harrit, ALP. WEsu~y_ax CON'FEnENCB.-.LmVRrooz, J'uly 29.-. The annual sittings of the General Conferencee of the ChuLrch. commenced this m-orning: (Wednesday) in Brunswick Chapel,. Liverpool, when abDnt 500 ministers entered upon their busl_. ness by electing the Rev. F. A. West, of Liverpool, as the President, and re-electing the Rev. Dr. Hannah to the secretaryship. The President has pledged himself to the faithful;, discharge of his duties In an admirable speech. Bishop, Simpson and the Rev. Dr. M'lilntoek, repreentativea of the Methodist Episcopal Church of the Northern, States or' America, have been introduced to and miost cordially welcorned by the British Conference. Thesa,gentlemen areexpected to address the Conference to-morrow. PRAThAys nw hIDiA.-An official statemenit madeto the Directors of the East India Company shows that 3,648 miles of railroad have been sanctioned in India and are now in course of construction, including linies from Calcutta to Dalhi, with branches, 1,400 miles; frM Madras to the wests coast at Beypoce, 430 Miles; from Madras v14 Cuddapah and Bellary, to meet a line fromBombay at ornear theriverKrIshna, 310 miles; from Bombay to Callian, with ex-. tension, 33 miles; from the north-east to Jubibulpore, to mneet the line from Mirzapore, with a branchi to. Oosurawuttee and Nagpore, 818 milies; from the south.- east vi4 Foonah and Sholapore, to the Krishna, to. meet the line from Madras, 357' miles; from Knurachee to a, cint on the Indus at or near Kotree, 120.miles; and froxmg,ratt.B..d...dAhed.abd,160Omiles. The estimate& outlay required to complete the several lines sane. toeamuts to the sum total of 30,231.0001., ana the total amount of capital issued with the sanction of the East India Company Is 20,314,300?. The lines now in course of construction in India have been chosen quite as mauch for commercial asgfor militar nd plitica objects.. In each case the eistn hanlor e has been followed ; the chief cotton producing districts are providecl with railway accommodation, and the agriultural rsoures of certain districts have beenx developed. Only 300 miles of railway are open at present in all the Presidencies, but3,00~ - more are being constructed almost simultaneously. Tho length of time occupied in the constructi6n. of lies in India.. will bear a favourable comparison with the perioa occupiecd by the execution of railroads in the mother country. The line in Bengal now open is 10 miles longer than the London and Birmingham railroad, yet it onll occupied five years in construction, while tbe Eniglish lineoupied six. In Madras 65 miles wr0opened for traffic within three years after oommencemeAt of. the works, and in Bombay 33 miles; were completee' ancl opened in les than four year. Thoprospects of the rA4WAY Inx a financiAl point of view are very cheering. 'On thle East India, Railway 895,442 Dassengersr, ere conveyed in 1856, and 77.685 tons of goods. The receipts awAunted to93,1S?. The et rofis o theGret Idiar Peninsula.- Railay n 155 nd 856amonte to2S,54it, and the totl ecept ofth Mara lie n te atte. half of the yea 150wee 1,70? Te ota rcept ethesameaino in Jnuay, ebrary an Mach f lst earamountedl to- PA'OdHrAL SCraOoL,&kSmns IN SCOTLAND--ABill presented to the uJpper House bY Lord Rvss's. enacts that on or before the lst of July, 1859, the sleriff of evert' county in scotlandi shall talce the noeeeesr7 Step2to fix and determine the average " fiars"' Prime Of a,C1 cbalder" of oatineal during the perod of 25 years next; preceding, ina that the salaries of the parochial school-. masters shall continue and be paid according to tIe av6rag0e. prce of oatmeal struck in the year 1828 from the term of Mairtmnmas, 1855, till Martinmas, 1859, after which thieyWMllbe payable on the new scale,-if, at least, we understand lhQ WoQ&i5i 9f the Bill Aright2 for it is not verY clear,
TAIDDUOATION.-A lady is desirous of ENTERINc A124A &a salSOHOOL, whaere koscan teach French, and,If requred. lhbe commencements of othte Gerrean latesage. Salara Lo object. Let. -tere. poet paid, to Hf. C, WVadtrl' libirary, EflIgh-strest. R{en,insrton. V7DUCATION.-Se,a-side.-Inclusivo Ternmu-'Th J2L!pniccipaof awell.kn"we school ontheoroith coast can E(pI,Vy 'a2wo or tbr.ce YtUNGLADIES during the bathiing season, Ad&rers ~,.c., sIr, riccadily. LDUCATIO.Y.-At a su erior school,a-bout 20 ~miles Efrom London by rail. fo,r LJL iO'a'. undevr 12 yearec of ace, Sherea-e a few VACANCIE3. Terms very IcAdegAte. Apply to Mi., Harlow, Ersex. E DUCATiON.-Miss MARY B. SHBXARSX,iTH'ls ESTAB3LISHMIENT, ludbury-honze. Hammersmith Instruifion tn Englilsh, Frnen. music, and dancing, 118 guineas. puipis above 4Ai.411guiueasaper an.umo,lanuude,s and powv rent lucluded. Exzperrsnced ma.ters. D!at beat and nltmited. Hence andg-runda spacious, L'DUCATION.-The prinacipali of ia ludies's school, sUouth of Loudon. REQUIRIES a young lady, as G' )VERN ZES.i TUPUIL. Premilum nanderate-accordlnug to age, requirements, or length oftimo deirved-or aquart,erly arrangement. Addreas A..B. C., Bowleor's library. Toise-hill. Surrey. E ~DUCATION, £3 lis. per Quarter fo Y INs 14LADIE.-There terms Include hoard,arlS nl' euain 'with iroocha and imusic, laundress books,pw-etanatnaceo 'nasters. Tho pupils have access to beautiupearegon, Ad,dlreassX. Y. Z., B3aldock, leie,ta TiDUCATION.-In a sjuperior r.ehoolfo on .14ladies a onWay, about 15, Is REQUIRED, Immeitl,a BOICE MUI.Trs1 guineas per annum, hal,elyi ndac.A Vacancy fo olu ore.AddreassApa, liHamul. sat Ioner. 2, Phsepae olwyroad. *Of a hpDpy home. Addrest ev .Ncosn loia n school .5gencY.' O. Adam-street. Adelvhi,hrn,WC E"DUCATION, Sydenbm-I adies' establish. .2monl. where the numaber at pupils is limited, there are VA,4ArC1ES for THIlEE YOUJNG LADIER wbo would] be, raeived on -were moderate and Inclusive terms. Address Alphla, 10, P1ark-rerrace 'Upper Sydenbam. S. K4 El DUOATION, Brgton.- clergyman,~ of much .34experIenice in tuiio,reeoives a Imie ubr f1UISto ,wrepare for tihe public ichools profesalans or mrntlprsl,sand sivea kas whole time and atteton to their advacmnt eMsm. - derate. Address Cleicuts, poet-offilce, Victor-i-edl rgtn EDUCATION, 20 guineas per annuasn.-Tere are a Efew VACANCIES In an establishment for young gentlemen, the .-eharacter of which will hear the strlcteat InvesIgatIon. Quarter to -commence from time of entrancoe. Prospectuses forwarded on eppliecation to A. Bi., S. Myddelto-s-treet, OlerkeuwelL EDtTCATION.-There are TWO -YAUANCIES-for EPtUPILS and P'ARLOUR BOARDERli In a first class school. -asear London. To adulta of neglected education euptrior adtvantaces ,are offered. A Vacancy for'at. Artieled Pupil. Address J.J., post-office, TXurham-zreen, neavlLe udon. DUCATIN.-Uneptete VacasroiCa OccUrring in Ean established echool, the principal will RECEIVE two or three f'UiILB, at 10 guineas per annum, to incltede all exrenses AccomIDlab1ments by mnasters. 1References good. Address Y. Z., Mir. May's,. aniuslceeller. 11, Holborn-bare. iDUCATION Prinlrose-hlsl,, Regent'~sparlL=~ 34There are VAdANCIES for a few YOUNG LAD)IES In an zotabllahmuent of the highest resvecti-bllty. F. r terms and Seferenres -address the Principal, .%, Ormonid-tcrrae. A Belecriand DesIrd mnom-Ing clams received. CDJ ATION.-The Enaglish masera teG n E '2iroone of thecontinenta capitals hasanO NI fo "XW0 PARtLOURI BOARDERS. The course atthcoegcmpis lJatin, Greek, Hlebrewr (optional), mathemaatics I nlsh renb n Gcerman, by native professors. leiters, pre-gidal oB .,Wd' libraryv. Hlgh-street. Remsington. EIDUOATION.-TheDUHESo ETE 'taihes tcpecshltty aitatein faourte foait,are miles westLou ,Iclsver ofy alltd o the brnhso n nls n Trenchoeusiscatiaon, guineas. Profspect a odrt c hreandrssty Z,Hack Illwar,y tRichmedond Surep cStWo U, DUCATION.-MSABlde IosMeT Lore YOUNG9 12 urADey.- Ciowllee dem Uppe dainhters foRE IV mile frm Lou 'dun,bis ofuteI theN meetM h whyof the libereanl eoardns, and isrha gulery eaduapted for the guinoeas pof aschooLTheohousheintsb comm- 'teit mar. ou-are uonappefom hlde ndep every of aothe grl '£da.happy home and kind maternal treatment. Addres B. B. G.. 'zas above. T I 0 N. - DATOTHHTSE E O,Tulse-hill, Brixton. Th om fsu nthis esta'table is proided,%and every attenatio badt tecmeta Dhapimeea of th opupils. Situiatio heth. oueadlagunlre *ed airy. A preparatory deatetino aned otebv, '1'hoschool willre-opn onte27hns. ortm, e,apyote Wtrlnolpal. Mr. W. X. Stdna,AR,Cata 1~DUCAIOit'~in GERMAN,a aBADING-. -12 SCOOL. In Altons. Stear abr,etliedsm years for 'bo ueruction of yoeag gentlemen In allteErpenlnugs ad -snc]education. The bos'e Iplaatysutean ronddby a large garden, in a veyslbrosprto h mbee Trs 40 'qber,ann.um, with quatrypyenelavoe.Popcue and 'feecsto be ha f tr Miler pteay I iols near ,1bo Tower. T~'DUCATON in ,EPANY. _-wuknowj first. El,claes SdcHOOL, at Bonn Is respectfully REG'OMMHND1]D to ,sarenta desirus to hind akn etslslismentuhare their sons can properly o,cquire the German and French languages, while atteicrg aceradEag. l,sh education,esithes for the Army, the Nay, forGoveramerntr.ppolns. 'rozenbs. or for practical commerce. The Principal Is niow In London, Hisa references are hirhir respectable and his terms moderateD. The i3roenectus, ko.. to bo 1a4 at Mesers. hloolham's library, Old Bond-st. Ii'UCA ION Bis,ton.hbfl:inclusivo terms 30 E 24 uineas-Parentt whoare eeleetinga school foctheir daughters eas rspetfll inored ha terear afew VACANCIES In a "Ilishng elalismet werea lmitd nmbr lataken, and Young ~falearecivea frstclas Eglih ad cntIental edlucation, with the ~'.dcntge f eerydonsti cofor Th FrnchGeriman, and Latin lanuags, eal, eeglg, rawng,paitin, atidancing aro tarsult W.DUCATIONiGEAY.-Te iss 324U FALLER. naitives of Germany, who hav resided several reams in tdngtand and France. having now returned to their niativeo country 4fedlus are desiuousj of RECEIVING a selectnu gco YOUNG DIM, E5to whom they Imnpart a thorous,h edncatlen, coin%ined with the cernforts of a happy hiome. Bboulic any young lady 'wish to join Mliss Faller's estabIllElment thFy can either return with -hoer, or she wouild make it convenient to meet them in LonAdon. Ad. dr AG.D.PorehbaterIlibrary, Queen's-read. Bayewater, W. L'DIJC TIO ,at ologne on th R ine.-The 124 SOS of GNTLEMEN sor received into a cuperior ertablish-nint.in hic thy ae prepared for tho public schools. unlversitlos, miltay adnvalcolees, andthe generalbranhee of commerce. A. -thronh kawldgoofFrench and Germnan is guaranteed. Tho -domotr arrngeent of the establislhment are under tho auporintenoec oftheprIcIpl'swife (a German) and hinschloter aungEulish-a 'womn).Pupis ejoythe coreorts of an Engolish homo. References and urter artculrs t Mr. NUtshell'sHlbrary. 31, Old Send-alcott. ~~IDUCATION.~HOL OWAY SCHO OL, Lo)n-do n. .s-11r. 0.J. SAYER. 111O.0.., PrincIpal. The courso of Instrini tlen Is especially adapted for youtbs intended for the future artiro Iduties of mrerantila or profesrional life. The classics, mathematica, muodem atd concise arithimetic, merchantsi'accounts, good writing, thorough, English, and the French and German lang;uages forma therefoeteleadisig subjects of study. Thirty Puislis during the past year -have obtained the certificate of bonoair at theo11cral College o f Pe'ceptors. Hollowa-y iselevated end very healthy. Termsrmoderate, ~J~DU AT1O is, ERMA Y _~Bc-nn.On-the- - Tle,Mnheretaro V. 1)E.Lar abet fewt- 3, Coal GENTobaNngs;an highly ce&pectabls boardinig echeol, eligibly eituato, wi'hin eight mirles O*f teen. The course of instruction te moset comprehensive, tincludin the ancient and modern langua-ges, iritir every branich of a volite n easeful educatin.mT'ine treatmenet Is kind and parental, and the table 1lberally suplie,, The premises are inree, posseming ever convenieues deco theohsath, comnfort, andrercrtion ofthe p3piLs. Addreassto F.F., lKessrs. ltelfe' s, 1.20.Aldersgato-3trect. 1fllDUA'PON~meFRECH IndGEItMAN JZI 1EOTESA~'TCOLLEGE, Church-house,. Marton, Surrey. coust ateden he mst obeal orilnciplos, combines all lbs advantages of a esienc ontheconinent with a sonmd clacacal and commerels1 Rug. ilab clccalco. rapatlins fey the mlllinarvand ciril ncr-riceoexam) natin. Dily essns ivn byresident French and German mastas 'on th puilsareIr-Aiw on by French aervante. Thereoi1a lar1ge swimmig bath u aeuder proper surveilance. Terms moderate, IPropocneesandref rences of the principal. Re-olpened July 28th. DtTCATIO .- Blaeck eat.-.There are VA- anhter ofgnduetendonly ar received. Otfastworo reueadn~ a Pearricenceds resident, and nthemodernlaggess aetuti, 'VAAtIvs erms t fhillothevacancIes, 48oui,neas pr numwIc I7 Ipon cludinevntien pincils a the usalcuerlarseoangiemontdes, Frenchaa vitaermaof Iawllan,gpianoote, staging, drawingr pointing,iand atcind. :Onmn andC.'s W., Indraoehulu, atoo,3 Kn yodBrgon VDUCATIO)N.-Grtghton.-To arsoect stublsGuhVAC daNCI.-Athe boneIonscmodiOobun, adelgtul situated ica eatife barnd heathfulIclbitynosean thearsea,Tx syglstemuch yofeucaio labie rodv pon r rleian pirincsiplervs,o andthegera aDriccipl temNens Iarettcitn toDnUreATheN,comfornts ofta relned homefendth ae, andeldvtuataget vatoges ofa lbwelregultbed aebs,l. arofesorsofk eminenceattend.sh addres WtW, Senmpsons,stuatinrr 1 ,Kn's a,Brg tn ~7DUCATION, at anaFT ol-saylsodts An-dIGu324 CHdLfuor-tGroe HoT.nas,dCebleug olhfully rtituatie jonfthe u,nder thediBorec irptervalowalofroti are pinip a als toz isesITetrmst and DloawdTe wll wthmIble mlastvers, teableolibidax.llys Prptestant doeDtCabION ombinfored.wt l ThemaEomfot,acase,thandadvataesoft ownroa uperioromater ioenlangih oo.tesrmasedmodrsate.brit-oTpetu adrehoocromandedormitherigestare spceailitysto welegnn notfa-eA fh amiie heaeound I allyete thereIh ouol 1r okdt 'cilockandthe0,pldeavueandsh -ILorndluanln f mionusae ltes' walkforo ah rec ire asatin ionbpuU. Tems 2 guieneaSU. The system is femultiv e,gthe,tablelberallyasupplied nd -ochtlroom an dvormictoris orlsaciou and well vaerntiated,heolay -broundTiTlrge, qThre sago\rcktfed n tepesr n '1DU UAT~ION. Inclusive Terms 35 guineas.- Parcute who are anxrious to meet with a select SCHIOOL for their D)AUGHTERS, where the many duties are honourably and eonsurentiottsly dischareed by the Princip-al, are resOctf oily requested to apply Eor the prospectus of a sulperior ectabIlshment, conducted by a lady of high respectability and long experilence. For~eign and English girvernessec are resident. ltAI~roteafreputOeattend for musi.ale.iglg.drsw- dancng te Fench Geran,and Italian languiages. one f Ie halties ner two.The house is large, .32 Rchmond, Secrmy.-At an establishmn~ot of hirh standine, con- utdb lady of great talent and expericuce walasted by efficient orinadEnglish governesse and eminent rna'slrs, a superior educainmybe Obtained. The isucignton includes English thoroughly, :French, Itali. and German. music, ringing, dancing, osllethenice.and drawing Invasiosns tyles, The French lanuageIs theoeniymedium of communication. Thehbeureis coaclous, detaehed, atanding Inulovely and extensive groundi. and-all the demnestir arraur;Gmnents repleteo with comiort. The locality is justly celebrated for hits ealubrlty and plotm-r'.slneo beauty. Fcrreluvo terms from 35 to 40 gieasInss Address EOva, ,Ioce'Pe. PvDAt-olSee letlrnond(. UInery. 1jDUCATION in FRANCE.-The principal, of E3,dtho. well-known establisghmenlt situate at roontenay.5sou-Bols, -thre,e mlles distant fromn Parie. begs to state that In order to acquiosce in tirewises of several families be initends to OPEN a SERIES of COURSES o' MILITARY STUDIES for the benelit of young mnen destined fortlbs army. The first of these enurses will eminence on -the 15th of September. and wilt hr conducted under the superintendone of oiur of the profesisoro atiaehed to the Imperial School of Artillery at Vincennes. The Proximity Of the abovenamed fortre3ss *together writh the museums of moedls of fortification and of artillery, and the extensive drill and practice groneds which it contaivs, offers a~ -combination. of advantages whioh Mr. Marcbaed confidently aerase casuot eLsewhere be met with. The pupils will have access to the fort and mzmnm its frequently as the professor shAll deem It expedient. As this arrangement will involve extensive Pireliminaries. Mr. Mlar. -chand begs, that nIl communications on the subject may be addressed to kimn before the 10th proxlmo, as after that date the list of admis-slone to the first course will he closed. The number of Ptiolls received 'will be snial leach of them must be furnished withi a certiflcate attestIng to his good conduct and indlustry. Young gentlemen followIng these courtisswill. be subjected to the ordinary domestic regulations of -the establfLshment. Rteferenceshvavebeen3kindly Permitted to the following gelatltasian, from whomf Drospeetuses are to be obtianed c Mr. Btorell, 3C. Itrinoing-lans; Mlr. Rosseelli21, Blinnaluh-Isue; Sir, lar- do6Hunitec-efreet, llnrewick-gttae; and Ur, B3iamby, 62, Lam' 13'DUCATION for YOUNG GENTLRIKEN, £20 J24to;2G per annum. For further tartictelaraapply to T. W., Petclifie,lTurnbArka.green. ADUCATIOI~ -ryehm~ERH~ E Hu r SiIFARY offers an accomplished education. corlblued with eoes~ domestic Comfort. The system of tuition Is based on the meet anprovo I princijsles. For naettieularp address thLe Prinicipal, PIca. J. W. Todd ; or Mr.. ('roswell, 63, St. Paul's churchyard, 'I)lJCATION, 1S guirneaa, neasyr chodSur. E -A married lolr,ryn.,na, res ding in this delgtu osiy hs number of papils is limilteJ. has V&elANOIEst. AnuSeuain irmpsrtcd, and the t.cb a Is liberally eunplied. Rernstoprtsof pupils by addressing Rev. A. B.. 117, Hligh-stre,Wtcap. W-DU ALN-o 18 per annum, YOUNG4 IJ2 GENTL NueBOARDED, Clothed, and Educated. The sItuationi heltyInhecur, west of L-ondon. This advtrticemsent ts worthy thealnfnc persons In want of a gtood scbool. Unexeprtionable refeece ivn Poly by letter to A. B., 3M. Holborn). DIJOAION,26 guinieas per annum :no extral.- ~52.Jt an stablshed eboelIn te mo tbhaty and deligh tful psart of Surrey five odes from twn, YOUN GeNTe MENare ~DUCATION.-Sea-side.-C H U O H FIE LD 2.4 HiOUSE, MayRate.-At this old-eetAbliahcd School younig gentle. men zeoeive a mnpe,ior education. thoroughly onalifying them for either profeaoDzlna or comTnercIal lIfe, or for the Oovemmsnet examina-. tlons. The idtuation is bighly ealubrions, and itbe domestic arragemunia are on a liberal ecasle, securlnct the pupils every' comfort. Terms moderate. Progpeeturecmo M a on application to the principal, Mr. F. L. Soper. t' CATION, se' gLeas per quarter no extr-as JE s'Ihaiser ; parloutr bardess, eight guineas ; establIshed 20 yemar. -.YING LALDIES liberally BOARDED antd INSTRtUCTED) in English, Frrench, mu-ic, drawing, dancing writing, and arithmetic, plain and fancy work. Laundress churoir seat, boota. Parilderme governess aid writing mactog included. A liberal table, good kleasur aTound, spacious hed rooms, and school and dining rooms 6i6 foot in length, Ca%rds at Mr. Fish'e.66, Blshopsgate-istroet within. 1DUCATION,YOUNG LADES can he received prinipal. Frnch auhbyaresidrgyents xarolnn, matia byOAa eioannm; nde 12yes,5.The tho euserand grundsaa care deachd andxx spaous lanAtce Pupiltadesied Address Alpha, Xa.rld', p ubt-O A MIARRIED CTERGYMA~ mhorixedelsegtmng late JLfollow and public tutor, of university honours,'rj great experience In edlucation. prepare 'FOURL I'ULILri for lso universities or am.Termis moderate, Excellent testimonials. Addrees the gev. 7s.B.Mr. Asidrwa. bookwcaley, Durham. clas esablshmnt.Forprospectuses apyt Is.Waghorn, 34, 7fOHuaOND.-A gentlemean residinw in this of gentlemen, and thoroutjbl grounas thcs in any' course of reading for rrofe.slons.1 mercantile. civil, or military appointments. Address Alpha. Hisroobea librar, Richmond, Surrey. JVOUVDATION SCHOOL:. endowed excluisively J2' for the lionis of Gentlemen whore incomes are limitled, Board aeparate bed, and superior education, including boks, are rosided. ai a cost to the friends of 25 guineas annually. TIREBE V CANfOIS the cnuning Election. Address Head Islater, at Mir. Law's, 113, Great Iussell-street, Biloomsbury. CL1IIVE-HOU9SE SC O L rghton, for the Sons )of Gentleman.Picpi r A ,HFMIf,asal'tedby olUient resident and viiiglcuesadmaes-h PUPILS will RV-ASSRUlBLiio enes,te5h fAge.Nwppl can enter on the 3d. Yuggnlmnpeae o h ue' n H.E.I.O. Service. R1IESCENT-HOUSE Peckham-rye.-At this est-a- blishment YOUNG IAblfES are liberally BOARDED, and enioy every facility for acquiring a usefu and elegant female educa. ties,, on moderate t-erms. A vacancy for an articled pupil. For circu. larm apply as abovej; or to B). H. O., Mlr. Clohb's, sttioner, Bye-lane, UTNRULY CHILiR_EN.-L5diesandgntee who AndS thete eons or daughters gettng eodhi w oto are recommanded to apply for adviceanasitnetamrid clergyman, of much experinene in gingthe eemadcudnof yon pomsona of all agee from nw o 20.An lre .K. aeo r Cul,5, Lombard-etreet. ~HE spacious MIANSION and rian tl .L GROUNDS of LIONSDOWN are adial d a othe urpocsm of Hlealth and Recreatlou.-COURRo TDE opo Eensive. Public periodical exainatos itulmtd em mnoderate. Address Clyton Piser,LL.,LndonCle, ]Barmet, N. rj, PARENTS GOING to INDIA.-A HOME Is L1OFFERED, in a clergyman'sg family, for two or three eblidreo, ,where everyv eomfort will bo found. A resident governess, and, if roqsdiate mnasters may be obtained. The situation is very healthy, with large Liouse, grounds, &c. For further particulars apply to Riev. NV. X., eaaseot Ur. Knight, bookseller, Chichooter. BLA0KHEATR-.There ~r AACWMa ol et slhed ladfles' schooL. Terms from 20 to 25 gulnea per a,rynnum, i1ncludig instruction in music, French. and drawing, with evr ranch of an Engllish education. Masters for German, dCo, on the uatual terms. An Articled Pupilcan also bereceived. Theaenacter commencing on entry. Address A. B.. PoatoollIce. Lee bridge, Kent. rl110 LADIES' SCHOOLS.-WA-NTED,` by the Ifslenda Of ayoung lady aged 22 yeaMlrs,weeeeducationlhasbeen nleglected, a SCHOOL at B3oulegne or Calafs, w,here there are English as irell as Frencha masters, Apply by letter, stating full particulars as to termis (wblh mnust be moderatei, to Messm. Buah And Co., tca. dealers, 7, hleobald'e-road, Red Lion-square. gQUIRED, in a ladices school, estab%liaied 20 R Taa,GVERNESS PUPIL, who will bo expected to give non hour's sassstance daily in the school room, for which, and S'5 guineas o, Year, she will receive instruction from profeesos of eminence. Ad. dress Z., hlr. Heebort's, chymist, 3, Rensington-paslcroad, Nottinghill. 1LE f WIHT.-A liteary entle~man, resiident AToriesfOm Ryde aSama,HiOhLy corctd aONd ofgreatox TLsenIntulcs. CREhm-omSoVESFIVn JestbihmPUPiLS therm abov rose ulnest. Thre advanaefery tedto ise pad tollte dofmuequaledCca for ty moalgetleainlyo thme, andls an amouteof indiiuale attentOUNG nTearamsae so larerenestalihmangd. Address X H,,Mpetoic, tydas, post-offWigei cmmnst.ry DREPGARDA.N6 SCoOr PorEONTSG IGE deigtfl ocaliy,wiA every atultentingi paidth ther dombesti coinfonts and morltaniong ofthe3- tnpie, barg limte numbe oDifLYoUN 'SNTOA NamlieallyD BOARDEDe anud refulvtheindiesandcom-D rerms mvoudberae gieveenc. exchmAne. AdPssF ., caMor.r Sotool's,16 Reebost-rlic, CWpan-. co, ury ri-soGADAS o PARENTS GOING t NiATo-ieo AJ lrya.o AiROA posityo ng andy residingfwithohercmother wofew mi~ les free tods ihstake charge of oertwLI T WEGRS o dc atLDe, (wto tlorBiARDandeo EUaTn Tcopihey wouldrneeiv the kindnxaessztand remfern ofn athome Shigber accsoed 12 tudition, and the hgeto refe-t B~orev wouldC. ha gien.Ade .I.er of Mr. JH.Pre,7,Stadwflb-fontharded.B iteg hot-etrsec ofCmrdeW.sBe yarsdetFec u (6mrly ameibrENtS GCOING toio ),REDIA Th 3a,wifeofa .1eLErgyan ofVD oiinan etso ow hrh ol PIZca 1 tk harge of Tensor utwodLITTLE GIhLS uiveseducat (with they anidspanlc shoflss aromplihed govelits and rcatrkatevmiastbrs)with hefrsown two dailwghtaiors, aexd 12ind 15. Reata fBerkene to ddresst Rermv fo oneI. £50. Great Qiesnostyet fnor two.£25. ettec, adese rpEv.A .C,c r fSr wN AJ. H. Par3ker 7,Stan, wiln benforwarded Kingh'ors coflg CamBride, asolietLr cnumber t French, ter Ifoarderya. Thehubofte CRdliobfulse liotebonl,eCoVEftew SoNstbof subuzbsoLoSE ndon ThEcLEenu, intended foralthe oun)eblvesste,mil larydand pulslicroals,yad .Thedtoctlitye Isremarkaftepbly seavihynea oheflit-lasralwoay l'u Yoation, ed inrterbee part o erkaf.,Address Perinc.ipal. car. ofIrsa Loeonwtoed, I.tatcon'-er,Now Bond-sreet I-U In's fam ly eg, RECEIVES alimite numerofLPUILS, asde oaders. The hgenc H s d elightfully situte uatoe on ethensmee healrhy and candbes,eial andaptedesut upta the reurmntsfte oulcnevcs.o Th,erein alsod gacncy fo Arl ddBorder. Rer. Aers., Rie.,eaddrs UP)RIORPRTET TUDR.- sArredN clergyma, of Gadutnein Hnuso Oebag,edmc experrneI riignt2higoi3gersnce,I tutiOn formerlyf mase Ina.amu5ly,Ischesiou and reseidentgttwortina obe scn'efmiy L&DECEIreurigaln-as ThV omeG n GeductLE on, Tnde advntyeas offae.HsresIdyenct ery deligtfullyr situathe highexttensiveark likel gronds an obamongdfo thoelateindpesent pupils educthed eonse ofe ,.,.hliemrcs adirenteien.o rank. Addrhoen,pss-ofRevA.B, Sotaaidenha. of immen5se, oxpgaer iddleIntannantacigyugpros bythe ustber of Vanlare fmLy,IsNDEsruofecingtorthe Y'RotuN Inludes rbequiring axc fantoshm ndeuainTr advat,ages, offered Ecane, ofnth very tordrp n h ihs tao ialaexamiaytireobtin hedsrniterltvso upl dctdudr the a.,dvErtiser' ediretion.Adrs Beethovenpstole,Suhmo. PUPIS, nder15 earsof ge. he erm, which are' moderate mathmatsi, ad Frnch.The oureclau sin prtcicularl health c,rar Londen. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a,31 Brtn A GRE IAH LRTSATEUATIO, Chorom-de w3 eelal yoe.Higars, iddlsx eatalngieed a 50 Cosgsmnducted bYothe Radev. Gon doe IthNDeihst RECTIVESande Macdtes.Thet Bsaebrc, Includes Rbeide Frencheand oermanf the masthbeautita andl gowlale, natralscienReotr, andreaainfordbean the Rv publ s hoo y an Brstoy-eruaesiaiu, The sniroras well anhsthejnirppisrccv P RIVATETUITIO N.-St -le lady cof n grnsa S'traoeud, Gandesse akn thealtb langage, wioth rnhadGr shen Gnprfect purity and MdandVAUAO o W EtA5 eivagdinttD loS. undr 12nyyears rof g,adca lorcev ui quovterdes.at nearchosnxo of theF Ldr Picia sun odh o akilfuv drawing andwud musppyo moetsrve Inpotae,blterfr cor'ntlLBor ag LOU T ORES.Teacdm imtessa nBiParich, nthe Rhinge, osdrdoeo hema euiu n -b'AMILIES of LIMITE D IT(-(COIE may o~btain Ufor their eons superior INSTRUCTION to mataloratica. classles, English. Froen German, historY, and geography, at a Srsat-cla.a zchaols, 0mIlesLrm London. Terms50 guineas. Puil sucsfauly repared for C&mb)ridge, Woolwich, Addiscornbo, Sanglu enmat, tohe pro. fusaoons, and Governmant appoitrutente. Number limited. House detached and etaudingina Its own groundso. Situation remarkably healthy, Single beds. Liberal and kind treatmrent. Genitlemen'aseons only received. Apply by letter, staitlsg professon, to A. B. C., eare of M.r.Pl1ggott, bookseller, Kennington-psrtc-orner. A NGLISTH COMIFORT in PARIS.-The Misses E24FLETCHER. who receive six celect pupills wish to announce to parents anxious for the comfort and Improvement of their childrenz that vACALNCIES now occur in their establiahmenit, pleasantly nituate, tetween the Chamnps Elyr.69s and the Rein do Bonlogue. Mlt Pletcher is now In London, anid mnaybe seen on Mondays and Thursdays in the a:ternoon, between I and A o'cloock, at 6. New Chapel-place, Rentish. town, and would take back with her such youtng ladies as may be entrsuted to her care. The ?slens Flatcher retivo also twvo ladies, homa wih to have a crafortable home and Instruction, in tbe Frnh laguage. All letters to he addressed to Minr Fletcher, care of Mr. Owen, bookceller, Falcon-square, Mo.C JFELMONT HOUSE SCHOOL, Turssbam.green, JLI MidcIfesex.-Tho object of this ertablishment is to Impart to a limited 3number of youth, on moderate terms, a coumd and liberal oducation, anid the system of inetiuctiorn pursued necesarily embraces all the branches of study essential to such puirposs. The papils are treated liberally, they have separate bode, and free access to an extensive library ; dnia regard is paid to theIr gontlemanliko conduct, and their health, morals. and rellsdous intr-action. are alike objects ot constant eolieItude, The houseo is an elegant mansion. surrounded by extensive Play and pleasure grounds, and for ito salubrity of situation, and pacu. liar adaptation to secholsatlo nurpseso, stands uwsivaUled in the vicinity of the nmeropolis. A prospLecus will be forwarded en applicationL by letter to the Principal, Mr. CL5HEISENTS. MA. Pae -blro icl oee xod ege by gautafrom the Univeritues of Oxford and Cambridge an oeg atr,alOf whom areresident. Thin school inestablihdo teeuato fthe esons of noblemun and gentlemen, with a vetoppaethem for the.- universities, tog tbe pubalie ool,nvl Iiay and East Indira Colleges, the niewly organizedcmeiieeaiain for the civil rervice and the artillery, or any of th various proferin.Rfecs may be maide to thep)arentsof pupils audothers, lacludlgeeaabe men,. dIgnitaries of the Church, and individuals ofhihsn$ngn society. Terms.fIiunder 12years of ae, 50guinespran ;abv that age, 60 ffalneas Der Anulnl, Z{Q exigm Wltyg x9lIQl aind Qa a*u.dauas,, -HjANWELIJ COLLEGE, Middlese, Prncipal- .3the Rev. Dr. EItIER-T- ~N. 15 years Curate of thePrih ' 0 GENTLEVMEN GOIING to INDIA.-A widow Fr ly,esdninthe west ot Eugland, who bas already some eta dren Ishoss parents are in Iudia, committed to ber carm. has ar. ccnmodatiecs fr a few inore. Thilre irs a3ters employed. For ceferences. &c.. addre~s Z., on-alffice, Plymouth. kiRiNCOH, German, and Rrnglsh-UL~ASSICAL and A.CCMMERIUtlL INriTItTUTION of Mdr. BOCQUET, at A5sder1,,ibt, Brussels, £'giton. Terios £31 per annum. Protestdant and. cetiollo tearhers. rieissrate ..udoomsfortable reamsIf wauted. Refes-ens can be given to mnany English families (EA-SIDBE .tilJ C(ATION.REQUIRED, immne- dlately, in ayonpvg ladies' estabVo'hment. an ARTICLED PUPIL, with a Small premium. In the Same establishment there are Vacancies for Pupibls Addysts Mliss Beoper, Bratside House, Broadsalrasr L)REPARATORY SCHOOL for 0 ION G (*EN-X_ FEMALE ~ 5R-EN under 12 years, requiring change of air, with educatloa 96ynae,wU be treted WithL parental care by a lady and herroteradigu their own house, near Richmond, Surrey. The air proverbiiallv salubrieos, Terin.63 a ironth. Address C. B., 14, Meontpelter-row, Twickenham, S.W. C iVx,,UI SR,.VICE AePPOIN1TWEKTS, Treasury, oreign Office. Indian Board, War Office, it.-PREPARATIONS for EXAMINATIONS OSMPLETrED within one month, by a entleman, all of whose puplse have passed. Adereas ZL, Literary InstItution, Edward.s-street, Portman-square. CIAMeBRID(E- married Senior Optima of Cam- _,bridge, so idieg In a very healthy and pictureque part of Berks, and whose whole time is devoted to his oneDA can zeceive the Eoni of a noblerman or gentleman as GOOMPANIOU PUPIL to three othwr. AddIres Rter. S. 0.. 15, Priscee street, Ranover-equare. ~'AMBRIDGEor th ARIYY,-A married Graduate InHoour, ofSt.John's ~oL Cambridge (Sen. Opt, and Tyingmen of his Colege, whese lae Pupils were the sons of a nobleman, 'RECEIVYES Into d family SIX YOUNG GENTLEMEN to prepaire f- r the Universitle, militar examinations, or pubUn schools, Address Rev. Id. A., 13, Haover-2treet, Regent-street. U TN1VERSITY of LO D N-E .EXamination. -Mr A D Spane,MA. Lnd, aaLEISRforREAD. oofhehihes chyal ratier.yTae moaderate. ptlt ARTLNI.N married crtlergyma, SdBu.tCaca. at.Hd os,o nratloexperiencve,rwillehrtb aruc VACulpeaNzeS f[or TOna P teaS torteab o exA Samndatientfltpuis. Addre ss ,, ,r.MlezahsNrs.Sith and, Syons' 86 HE TARiY mDU arried atrolan-ono Sysem" FIld ore, "heModrnSyte,"do.te inepeth.c atParker's, 45 Caest Sreand;end nevirto3ndus', watorduoIacels Sevni.o ther boal Artlaterybfso andsGradute otwioestd a( lante Oeace of rtatk a Majr VAeNd pi fofrh a'RESIDNTShol PaPI s, PRwm ePcanE ofer nTsulEE o adatages.Artilery, B.&d,ra s9Wmodldst b Caenamis-sq natonS. Th aderiser haquicelyandll peparcentl nuerAus cAndidae DTSfor thesaoeexamna tieonstAder bAesR.ox th, arm. RidembWinoerth haa ben epeud,05m. reieaIntJli1 nearucatin.hrthodrn the last hsee yearls weehasgelySctedsula the cosofmseveraloficer ad entlemendof raonk,hs at VanduatC fnr at RASdhomENTrubIL. tou,Whomobford oilrunitagulohaovntg. AddrressI.-MA.. 9lATHPol.-.P.,rCaendisgin-q Eas Idi CmDnvsPervceer quickly and eficienlytPRRPAREP AREDI DoEATES forTheeONdb th Olther, butranchsro thon earmy.sr Winete. assbee enage 0yeas I Platasyeuc,miiation.surveingtr pand level hlsppil wee hihlythceefla the ofnpermlet fertiflla o, h tiou at auduretandatro,anddrcombn.-Taney befGreWOanIonray ~~ANDHURS angagsTr ke adndDwISC tten-;.hisHer- n fortheariyead toreghs pepaes hemforthIrLrSpinthis upexn BANDHURS utanda. odutd byCOMrE. T OMAS ST DATESN. fo Naadillnatoeru Majuesty'seAry ansCaetscor The Eastg IfdtaComprancservierybarequckly anqizdbythienewAdrafraly~ fr EXMIATO byrtar a3 militar tutor tmnebarnthad therm mooderato. AddrgorssM 5 enrcy-sttreet,yaBedfyord-square.ooigkdt Gieometry, trionoemenTry, algebrt cHbetons, etCalemet Wofd me-;, Gutesrfmdanc, potsln, Spantrol, land eeuasanebew befo re TAnUeemy Thea socench and Egerian ainguagesg sprofensoando wrtten HaistoryiandSs teograp hisy, . Jn Isoneoth RECaVE SIXfu Pan IL itnt thiscuppero oftepagtent, frm 15learof agevw, wh mos upolcn enquir boe ableiv or epeixot Englhish core tlyhtanslatetand paineonana ord" VEirni lsntes beving only k oeptu) ndb knw axfrithmeti.Tw nears are rateoure.t .LIBucHMed T by the cbRoo oro rndchitedeby ive. THMo SCaSTbrN,ftfe, 20MVE fersm NavalI OxrcordinHertaeety' loA efrvicte.The corea of etquderercneeybac euie ytenwdiat diatnanshe nolemn :the dighretHo nd SIner Car les Wood Rant, G.CD.,Fit Lrd f traeAdmiuralty;pthe Rn uiaht Hon.gLord y Croftn wich th Rigt lonLo rdeowsddeWarmoldeytheorightm Hon. she Earloolanillina tebRight in, Lorda Erianest Erce; theaRiGht lion, Lrd Cowly; theright e gen.themeanlfofrEgWtoryndoinether fonation oftisMtesmnt inrX 18.1,323 Coetyoungt gaarentleehv p rssd fom itingtoHriMajestys ervt o14 icasfonavalrrcaets A rsdentrw D.ANGU.PoaGod-errand ScolsRaWtNde-T 0FR CH .12 GermAN, Ia, Spanish, cla1sics,Hebew.do. aE T8AUGHT by XAutelety of Enclirhant Goreign pRoessors-w, on(tedicateiltonn systhem.DuThIsste iSutholnedof temee Juxelanimp ortan disove.r..es ofthe pupIlor atbirgho Reve. "ac pnupi ea acquienmr in fivvae laors aindweepaston thisfo slstemstand gto earntlthen oldepa-Wott(insten. guaevw(or. ROsenthal, and. Oxordinr streeit.nearfe the Pantheon.ie mostduatiaaed hmteTmbera oft Fbrech ind thebaUnivesity of Ctm. firstda1e,rEIadDE me Oxf i ordo-9tg, tOlldSodre, Bedford-steet InUpwrdsof t ok 8TA llMHRIbylNT.-iD lban-1Este, a-Nd h reodge. Crosby-sare. Doaty.Intoecssfifetvue,rc attenCe,h Gervoan,so aernd eeto the hihr ernceraof mea-tI vTAUGeHTun thratchthe mdu t otoIf pr nlueneo the angish, obyn a wrots,tontygentleonal nastie of rtesdnen,ofosmerlytsstorinfmiispofeb distincdtio niandtrspertablen Btsch eoolsynreaut Etm, rne adGr aepointments ddrs .Y. Ctbl oventry-street, Hyakt 5I7an1,HMrlntIn.rosccn, to 14, Pnofr-teraam Midnred miser Camdein-on ge ntlD AW-tING and Pin tect,Apya os D's. 14Bosodtrae chool s attended.AdrsZ. , tteet. rnc,Iaia.-r ATCU ANllo.ScI.Po.NG ctln-W LANGU GES TA GHTi the.puilsorivate hl oseeslagaeapkninpiae esn anl eaaeeloe o ad iesead gennemenmPlepratoom(i may guagdesPfrismea chieran foriar puruit ofya life, theuUniversitien, House ofParlIament ofPIcer of highes prianinthel ary and ln navy, thi mosct distiesufhor lembes of thEde Chuchadloe thembr and feesomeofth firs huankrsand. moentsrchtaNfBin Lntrnce9,Ol Swalond-street, Peas rJest nnuc A U TSihat havnow NEEVESRUPLS ANT h toarn rEsieCe, laweos dge, Dtret.eIn, th2r olas esofndefetiveo uthrsocghal ateddwthhnerbeoel BAL OrM derageen wi the generalhaneralthdI ailmb ofoundo thactth tncluingsheneceofsthe saueair, ombeteineBd wt the only raiona syste enigplfor the icoacre of ofedimntsingspeech,eil yieldUthe inertwstoedy andDsatisfactory-results ai a lirar,T9IAbaystet,Bookegepng, &par,beSMenT1 and 4d aySO respchfualbeauvtdtoiful the,DworITING disnguab few ety LESSONS. a'tB oomskeeping.MURA and artmtc rciAlytaugh, APcals city n 1.11b obr, near Gray'lesret Amssinn-arem i'erms fro 6pm O. ydre s anStELon ofadrs ady. ie ESNSi ATL ..an ngeea D AWG anRAITING. Pastelas lnof p t Scools mattndedp,Address. 8of thewman-cstreealty,thxford-t chAm CING vLdtAefUGtdHlt,on by Motor.and Mpprs.PGeOsrGe frams, aNtha, atr illis'ans,Ros and Bvrewoterr-sotret,Goldberineqoare, V.privates o leason airtilnoepraofthelyfasionableancs plat dallnhurs to lale r ge, ntlesen s Shae,ishtw and framiles.attedd,Te arieams, mayd leengaed foccasonaltan ly. ,3s d;poomvi lws 1b 1 deihUo PaIn tetacher ior the el oya Baisol,, Grotand camedonwlen, hous, DCIII PUPWLS of a7 l Gaces,bpriva6trelyadsnt ut ri seHeT cae OGRAPHYe ochlden completeswthemti ewderoA,-.A JL.uaranTU,X3Regeint-sitreet.4N.E.yEntranceIundesva neot-sizeeXt. L ta.DAnCg - ladum% y ofclbiyreevsdiy and under; eDsz I a takigpcues t TEACH. landi undger:cntlemen,gins12 priate lseuns, tcl go thrugchallr thefeeblonable BALL ROOM DANCES, wthesofmnrad QBXNT FREEt anY Part of the UIte Kndomn, for 28s., a French-polished ESTEREOSOCPE an_d 1 SIDS groups and views, guaranteed first-rateoartr.ARNsan Co., optielarns, &o., 20, Lord-street, Liverphaatr. ARH Nan T%PHOTOGRAPHIC ARTISTS and AMA-' T Er'.To be SOLD ab great bargain, a complee AP-PARATUS, comprising everything requislite for taking portraltn. do., Inclutding an exelIlent detached glass house. furnirhed. The whole to be sold for £128, lately cost 58 guotnen. For pustculmsa apply at 19, Hemer-etreet, Hercules-buldings, Lambieth. FIlER PHANTOMl SLI-DE, or the Ghcwt in theo JLStereoscope -extraordinary,so,oel,said artistic erects, New subjects by a new photographer. Also Scenes In. ray back Garden, the Sick Room, be., now publishins, 1wholesgal and retail, at the city Sitroreccopic Depot, (dladwell's, 87, Gracochurch.street. Also on Pale 1111 caperb Views in Constantinople, by Ferrier-Gorgeous Orienta Scenery-ito Views in Egspt, Nlubla. the Nile, Sc.-Hisroglyphlo Studies for the Antlqoary, dating from 20 to 18 centuries boloer Christ. Also lovely bits of landscape scenery, views ini Greece an;d Athena Italy and Romae, Venice, Florence, Milan, Dresden,- Prague, and Munich, Austria, Prorsia, and Germany, the Tyrol, Sssitrerlaznd. &a. The Oineset collection in L'sndoa is at the City, stereoscopic depot, GLAD SVEtLL', 87. Gracechurch-street. Just out, IAttle Nlell, fromA the Old Cnriosty ihop. ~)accs,rding o Poessor tokrd,forming atoog okn laboator, ofbcotmateials andce sizo ie foranltclo msn AELS CUTb MAOHINERY.-Ahsv o marking gees,Is per lO~ ipnigo hsia,i.5.kn In stock; with name anid addye,O.mxue il o,eulymia rste. Am a2sortmento telfraltrd.Cntcswii large conunmems-4. CROS an,SN nrvr,mciepitr,lthe. Frapliers a nd sttltonfka,1,Hob r ,.CEsa l he Ii, rpwo TUB~~~ET CLO OKS for AE ntbefr Semahchurl- e or ,uhlshbio nldings,wt rihGthc rn,o oper fiah. Tre ae ~s g rigt dys,strike th ors n o h ost ap~revedonstration Aply toJosephFie,tre lcaae to ~A-IYtEO AKFURNITU E.-Seea ril -~JOrth abvederrption of OLD FUItIUE seuiel 55'OO,theprnert ofa entleman, recently decae,t eDS 5HE TEWGOVEIiMbITOE1?ICEs.-The osetst~~~ ~~~ Beoto h ugxBa h ULING XEWS_ TH'IHE PIOGR1SSof ARCHITECTURE, Metro. tlmprovements. and Sanit&ry R eforn.-Read toe BUILD. j~AREER' iSLE ofWIGHT, i-th 45 :6no steel l H A T I S 0 U C E V I D E N C E ,o the g O ld n g th e 1ItuDay, price3d, et Boetnfredon, receipb oF. a 10 ma3 Vmeh fomHpat of see ttre DISIf TRSlUR T~HE TRAIN ;-Vr. Dickens and His Critics-Ains. U.worthmn Paris-Portraitan3d Memor of fr. Buck ner-Maraters Lynh-Te brsn Paphets &e-Se th Trinfor August. Price TESTMENTTRANLATEII. By 1IIYSROV. THOMAS SHELDON GRREN. SLA. Part the Finr, Sons, 18Paternosr CtaoguS, conductlesand Bblil ALEdS,by HIE CATIIOR Sof the ECLIPSE of FAITH.o 6 O-n OW_VNrtelday novext willnbe puobalisht insue 2vl p,. BEEOmTIONfrom the C0RRESP0na DENot ofR.E HifGRS o& Ei .LBOK, i thre sets,en Bat irns. he6achrthe thoee fo 2,. cd. JLstn ~estaEeb CHURHMAN MAeesav rGAZINE for Auguyst The woll coontain-heChurdch'on vissiolna, Wor-this Ds.ce f Q toe-a Cohested rer hAlforde Young hrth yNodal Action i n ta CooilCuchAleonaoa lce-e ews, Abc. Londn, Hrso, 69, conPmr. Prie Isr DIC N.384, forDUugust,contaisScee hano.t In the ^urgheveand t he h en ofP Ihslamet-Hoe-TeIlr.lo Boragernt troam' Deskgof3a ERerst-Husan STxocial Treadmill, rc]*n No. Wi ume.sok-AJl Wordland ometD Play-Hnts to the Hort, c,Offiocmc.e, 85, leet-treth:im ado,By oouselrtad and hWdvb rlP A PUSE ewLs WORS cocnduced C L DZEAL S- 384, for August1 n 85.C ris- J - I :led,cnada- l'ast,Invlsihte Gsudsis-Pree Taver n Pcd-Ang an IermuesTeODr easonbl Wode -OSS7ce 16 elige.vro nrh regarding thaeln n ebou aRaiway andterosd Geelorg, Baart. and Nothet Ralway. cee I}.- post 6cd. Algar tret,en eSteane, Lohnbrd-etret. T OBiIIE LiTTLEGOOD,Esquire,WltaVYoufg Uibe. G,Len2tlemen wdho wBanisedtSeSorltbetr,ann Scawtio° Laccordingl ' Lttle Dormnit. Pat II or Agut. Is,, Thetno ed,ad CD'to be coca- iested In e ta hansd. seome wraperiteInclrsLodnJae iCwo,Pe. rX-HE NIEW QlUE b EVT EW 23, wIll pa edtotirnd August let,w con w-i cnertain' theaiuon a t ?eelTha- whR Va Xonnd Ptamh nthey Ror-ld tiants-The Tu dia lthrenchEmPhire t-Froteewsof thessle Memoirs, andraivth Newoels ain dO BooksT of theQue.on, BPubllt hatby o arnd oari-e, 6Ona. ragdnts tar 3e, e It. si-sory to eooke andne fTOL tCiV SyERT GVICE AZETT oftoorrAwNtown patnd -andI,I o Aegust , willrcontai L-tee hangunlon ebt olreport), and Triumphbof the Civid fer dStaffRth lndand Cis yandtandeard andLted ClaometitU Regeiobn Robe Chambers RInshGaol, and PIsnDisciplinel Bthlinge neseloether Wnis Bofay Vacances itne al ki nd,bofPbic onesI.men erlye Orerstot Ofe,. C7,Strand,u oerto anwe-eur. oIs nChesary tIensexh narta copty 1MPORTAUBLIT NOiVER-CHAMERS' iNEX, maotaXdtnearly 10,00tnames Pof2- Heir-hir-Law,Nsxtapofr in Itdldgs-GTheteHomeot othns-NourIis Bud-Th Treatyr Inolgnof lofieso nChncey,TEncumbreances iatets, thcoehactind tIent poobeates, an Homehave beca uent fror During-th laste. yeard th pres the. AgLhastc wllb arranged oyrObert Cham bEr Priceprstfu Duee. b oe,34 an d hook n igunelestrated Athnwrad ynd Th etoe handso m bu volume, prie Os.t pe free. PucaersTaeY'quste toSOrerK ChambrssIndex, na-min te re JLJP o.CCXCVLfo August, No. Pic COLis. d-SnirCals NalIpier an Iisas-The Home of Beth Catnofr Iailah Bdardt the Treat Catrlol.g By Prof.a CrWy .-atlaerdegSaIlO andote Snalfons ot her Telft-h hnWFiret DMpe FamPly iorte T-Fbe Pctticth Ion 3hmulm at Hoe-The Archiment ro Fdigherman wMi& Letters Ht ban -Oxford, the engish Cidhurc and rV. eson-he Inioan hutiny r- -TheCastl oflin.The DLin, Hodres, nomith nd. C. G uith and diet, BLo BendYon.ree Con-aren OETlPE's MISEAINYE , pr AuguYf-15r7urisc and Cnnts farAugust ito Cume-ow ent,vi -ond Phoilipe and rer,acHogh vn Clow Bohn,ds-W Yo eret Beasont of 157-An e aieimresi-The IminonAreo w si-n'e Ingpedten : a a t ae of the wTrms.B Dudle CosmicBy0.Chaps WhyL, xxell, Aundr of "-Darby ofrarcissus. In itrelme. Byhon k,hood-Faeninthes eia Ware t.paes50 Rlnt foceor tho PTaaLfo tfr-My Fhirtenho ath PeymohmT Plymohrk I,ate. Chumtin IndIa-Aoes o Miniht D)reaoorsyThe SAontr of the Rend.n ourt W.Farm-Ter OpedaBoharlest Keand.By,P.Gite p ATERLA MAGAZINE for Auut 1867 p rice She price a .,g n contais -a urIas coPrent,ond tue e lollrsy i 2. a ShpfIdgts hannLow Batatudesof-he operad3 Secatson of 18aw-eraIn Wardsingm rantdan Ftirqeche Af ars-D avi. Cwhrglesinai harmIn teorBeam-The Hiannr-Armythe Irnteirp reste at Tat e odhea Wra Peartsop. Lryd 0for Whtee' plVle Authora ofstltnhyon-10Grkand"a G eotre Sat omenmensnant thRaiway- beaetrn Paottlln 1IT-n StauoialwifCfo t-hehitenth Notheso Sixtdeent CointusiEens The ntia -rutnies-The Fotest of thN Doors L ors, iSte of 1856 lnstions, fohn Wn,Paerwad r ton,Wes eetr-an. Hr l;Y's Ing-pub- BrakIed by AW.MARAIONE AINdWLA REVIWa F3rie- for So-August, being CCX -rofthme nedth Ney SherDie thd its e dayu liead, tpinces,and ontains:1 RetcletiveOnsofey theAutibor Bar- 2. Sips Lighsdand the EelsOft oth Reae-3. Voaionof awyer in C Patrlnment-4ov. Etiquttre OfSe (0lee Bar-. Comulsor Exain,Iateon fo the Bre h Tte1Srt-yer'wrof aPublle tlesin. Iedsneyan a CO the Rmendsent ied CUow L' nn-e an AA a0i ndMS MIBRRY Augabithe c7To. State aw Cmeat Mison, Toeso and ludedp Poinr, oenDte ofehne QureOr, Shrs,aEts Nzot 6cites,oe Lawd Boobs, List tofNw Puication,-S hE BLo-Wnoted w, a , Feet-tree, Hndermanestsaw lJew nporeh of Inantr O7AWWOT Be Cntnsho A ngust, ilNo. CCOXL :-Foca Pocert, by ther Danub aondY thled Slack Sea nt COnstantinp Dn everyee tTetive Oicer,b the, Auwlthor of Aeleadm"p6DougcUs .leroldh Sb nire Nahaniel-Stlei'sMeOirs-EnOtra.s ar-tes and ther Voag Ro un tr e b BIhy-Orsh o Paye Sunday Cha A. RoSlTer Bathsfof present the 3ndelg Towr,h3 Couent3 :-rBoibleRailn at, thePzo 8Ogtdetti:Uas orlrepnfesenceo the Nb ape r Press, by £Iexande prttal A Tri 6t N ahe Setssion, frbm Af fa i: byib Coned Reang Ceheropm and. HAll 19e icadily of SOldNby all HI bookseLs adnraR compri and NVeisDand MILTA A i f osra Augut, cgavth naselTes Gd. per vlun-me m extra cks qotheSTaef-ra ster DathIeWaMemdlo athearCourt offugeldri during thenatene NewStuaecso inclingt-T hle Shipping Blaw-ocbie tmnp oembay,i an ohe a. withe Tnra-olonel, ind rimst and te wtle ueDu-C ot40 Corim Hithe enotship-o teel VoiLit ry 5 rcnc-Tor Nhavy ^estiMusedtry(wt doyiagram o -fpa ands itrsits or Resourchews-orebasn carIishdga eszet1s., ndbad E6onlarg aleand liinowry ucsIntelwithtene Coraetponclnce,pWma f4 po-Hrstrandtsla, f ucrer53 s thtoi.a Hejry Col-me bunrny13 Greathm Ylrleoughstreoent-grdn B"-Hthe 1st of AEANDERt il b cOmme nceudip matNEfhi Letters.3 uneyth titleT OARTf ioNR HST SORICA eito,IBltARy udcomriigdemoirs, Dilaries, andhLntteros, illuiate ith engravingpst 9on te, alth to. penry v ohum, in extra t Clotvi thgyefrst.Iewitb JewsGTeOir ofVIthesCourt of GEngrlon durLinG TheReigno ofted edtuarns(uncuingr wthe Prolisecitioratte. ob completed inrs. 1 4vets wih enea Id ao4co-ndgillustratedwrtith upwards of 4 &ob. rat Lo, bi.,anhd as lrge Haenry GBonowY repsrouesit, with the Hoe .Bn,Yc.tet oetgarden. OliN'sIALLUSTRATEDNIBsORAR for Aug~ust, AL 1-Thzie LIFEoof ALXaXDIfPoppe,rinludi ngrmavny of his Lettders. By`~ MROBERTgCylndrRITE Secd al ond fediio, reaimed and rcteudeatl tenlarged, withe nueru Aexnderaig on, wod, post~ yEng,amiogs, . Henry 2 . Robpaes, ork-sttpreet,Covet-garden.Atile TeeBopNo CHa(eAPo SEav iES foesar ayalIstItto-WziSh.l Ineal Nmeo. froLm Aerco-tainngtea ameHarican War Botolitscnclvausin ho. Pohstyelf,ahis,, Ts.1Gd Henry Gor MSoha, okurteyegtr Covents garden.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ar' AoldD-Iil CnWl' 'tn Movi.NgoCyinder.sixhanda ealf tons Steam pammer As eee"teath Glago pr orge te ofuAlexandrcounti llow,ed.'8 Wauood Engavigs and So, 90 qufardoagstrofeltte. rs,wt rgnlAtc Teleswc rde4 fork.heavnbpestandceapestsuply tost)lognr su. salNoers,fromAmer,bo ica-Cloe's,and clbstin towh'nottin Appatratu, fo IEs-DryKS,Es's sh Pow reLonchoward' G oulding-Rell' thon'sfamlower andFbookt oGatherer-Ctwnapt.Nortryn's Elngaed Rileh Shot-Mo unlctaosin ToprEadepartDent ofrlstBoat Gear-Bertram'se lteadimi-ergldc s-Cfrobmln Lhocuiomolivrres-SulhurTONfrOmPrTHsandra HaDrSNau-Law. Report-stofePt, entt. Loltcugman Tderos Pateosvtuesr-row. andhetofr',fcee-(fie o aens)4,Lnons IBLEW EPrayes-Ntc, ad hucServiesdyfonoyresenay J.~mert I prfered he ullst iscuntIn.;alloed.prindefami, Kerhy and Son, 180, Oxford-smeltreet. H new hooli TIr bessend ceapet uplytheo ls.gTersuOld Send-street. ~ ~ iordBtret MELDBOKS NEnglDIshrNch, Bindhday,andCristed leaing PRESldENTa fro tpleundit edfereloBbes- and PTO yer-boOTH', rr!jo,atldue Roro~nSco,-EIhlmesan fraoms, t 81g,uIneas:Failuy to lack case. 6l3. G elegant Reference Bibles with rime and clarp; 10a 6d. Sent free. Thoesands for choie, from Is. to 12 gulneas.-at the great Bible Warehoese, 65, Regent-quadrant, corner of Air-street. The largest and best stock In the kingdom. Catalogues gratis. u.~ECOND.ND EOOKS.-To savo a tedious peruKJ e3l of various cataloges, persons inwavnt of second-hand orunaw hooks, at reducedprice, mary have the lowest price and exact cndition of aly hook reported on sending a etanped diTected envelope t-, DANIEL, F. OAISY, 10, Paternoster-row, aC. SIr. OAsey's secoadhand catalogue gratis or post-free. QECOND-HAND LEDGERS, journals, cash-books, KY day-hooks, c., leas than half the pric of new ocus; also second-hand copying pressea nd fire-proof sales for sale; craa-latd notepaper, 5 quires for 6d, ; envelopes, 49. and 43.6 d. per l,bOO.-J. H. PiALSIER, manuarturinug stationer, 34, C tut ebedfrisrs. Mark-lane. OOKS BOUIGHT, to any amount, and bhe utmost B price given, for immediate cah, therebysaving te delay. mecartainty, and expense of public auction, by a second-ha?A bookseller, of 20 year Standing. W.E. OAtAltgues grtis and post ree. 20,0C9 vo' s. ot books. Apply toT. MILLARD, 70, fiewsgie-street. T.ITERARY.-To be DISPOSED OF, for .20, the L sole PROPRIETORSHIP of a montbly magasine. price Ia . circulation for July upwards Of 8C0, ant. paying eevertl ponnds la advertisementa alone. A capital ebar.cs for amatetra. Address Editor, cara of Messrs. D -awson and ,uos, A4, Caunoa-treet, octy, pRINTING.-Co nmnerciS l, professional, and literary gentlermaeD requiring PRIN TINI (whether letterpress, copperplate or lithographic) well done r,ud cheap, shoald order of ODEILL snd WVSE. IF, Princes-street, Cetodishsnar. Example-5S0 copies sight pages veo.demy, priDnted, in good type, on e uperJine pares, fox S8.tpecimnens andeatimatte ,fowveosded. ru PRINTiERS.--A DOUrBLEB ROYAL ainele hihl finishd, will poini' bou 1,100 pr b!eer, quts new, to be SOt.D a bargain. Appl to W ne Parson,, engineer, 18, Pralt-atreet, lamneth. BEY htheV QsEJ0T RROYAL LETTERS PATENT. LF.-.RETTO5 T:OB RTAJJILT GLOBE, vwlcb, by a verY simplo mQechauncal arrantn3 r ent, ean bo expanded or cllapsed in a few veconds, o-cupyingbhut tieem when w nbot required foruse. Thtty arefe feet * n z tcm rene. eautifully engraved on steel tnd prlnted is varnis lr4 12FPrice 1 iL, 64, Lendon, Joha R 115, Stmd 01 GEOOD BYE SWEETHEART, sutng by Signor , Mario at the CMtal Pelaco Concerts, composed by John RAtton, Is, ubUabed by Cramer, Beal, and Co., 201, Regen-strect. FlCC_OLI ais igreat artiste SANG the PIIKEI pttbiisbedg byi= P.o >t snd alusichy aNNB Beal.e Pie,.u lo. 201. due tc and CdN Cram 3;1; STILL, IHEEN, and KNOW that I AMf (GOD. Coutrmsubnehne i e Inthe Chsh or In th IoiU. rieKY. or1*M,ostf hnrceed,t fo dstrbDution LMndch, bitEL i u TR EYESreB WALTE RIVuby N omoese CF&RRE6d- } g.S l°llustrate' n col e our s. Price 31s. ° Gder, FaB eth thby Floer PAi 'ih LLA BE;SIC HALF;E PRIE, ncudng al the sewetimbllontlonsdd, n. Ha 7EI ad. duets, BESIEG ull-band. esr. SReamo 6o Pebiehedonl at he usicl Buque ofice,19 t Higlihedelbyrhe enttDestruction ~ ~ ~ 3. d: 3to=e0l,3f bj CORE'lpricSe IRd.H II SnELOe C, net ed Elion, by Sir Johis Stevenson, aodrn lr Heparyment illhtp. PFishedr b thd d Coun,tomr, aetlndLuas,Lndon; iandr clet3tu e and 3 AdiontormasixetaT3ps. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ taP3 Officcd 2tbalso3tet tadbP chester. ~ ~ ~ ~ 4E4 ~h 3) OSIN.T itEW bearofm PRDAYeERW fro thSe Ation Ot a Tth o,sngalsectahire PalUcsed toncertpsbU arrsgedcfor 3uaoldey aERndbs famDBiy wspapr, An. euitio published, bytry stiamafe AutornMarch dOeron dedtoox Waburday. aloVspetri Hym bo,h' ofrart nesmend. &c. Lowndon, cobetrt COfck, an, New dge sntreek street, W., muss publsshersng theiMaeteQen Victterlaandth .iEDG32 ICKUST200TE:DLODIS or h NGLISHfr frt i ,lenr tll ths pua Taim nro theoatore,Rigobetton Bovit2cntleth odavue opeas DontgomercnceT Must, aee RDldlgo nebt-PortrlntotgeATe istoh talhe poplaof Otb e fof othe DsarCecnaiged Nathis Enrvis-at _llr chueapworst rbtihedn a tthe Chinse Flealt-Ft or fll , Dtai, ighc Ol-s t price otDr. beypoiste 2d. Pfay edatHAe oAesty' Stat Baoll- Al1o RJLgountryaGendTrevt'aVaesl d npaperacollpots ree altPIanodres, gn resteEnt Is; full bcound ers.-ymusc pboruie. oufrtce, k , Hioh We orto let talso ivs a week3lyr6 accout hof the rea.8zrdnd. 3) BAD BELS Wt EKLY MOTeSEW;R eu b the LI ldstandbet amly newspaper. Prn odlulonmpublished edey of alR l newemen in town oroultion ofce a neaer rIde woridea 600 voamd its BeSERa-ew tond elUon anIntip a ll she LorkS, al nsurgent SdorlesSPreadinge°t the weeBobswalt weioneynse dof geath i ofhDb IndPfr ent P ICTSta nds ofrative Trotof atreal. cutitoasU tleon Jofthrnexcuinesdeleict-Forful Dthabloe LtOYDns alludtbygseuerelbu.neSsof.n.owdae thos3dftringtnoatdeeir tmic m estate Jor Dthetrartentr t o tho FaIe.e thMoe6 1% xeenaasr&tretetengnzet., mSud rl Cunry IenLUSuTRATEsper oNflletsth amplEWstforma JLn Saturespecngestae oDntry maoensthpolotwingo puaerso. eng rn Hse or teSobletalsgamemnos n heklyagcptof the E tnelsrhpo of rhe 2tlante namesfarpinasbler at estate &rcmicTe Gd.,ora copy'e Aot sixstoamTpls.ap Oc. 2bort.Boar Wtegt gtan deal .etb of noing AtheAtanto Tor Cable onEtfro -dA-HTer NWaoV of the for p ad. Th lrgesT circationk t anynew-spraprn othe. iorld ia prlved by theRoa lasltaiditOpeura-Tblihe, byodeafth Hove-e of Comimons.ePritedriasnewre ardele-rganhye totHa tainD ablthare lsan omos Interest,in newscof-Tthewek, Gowi Rwe cEGodseddi EEBPBESizthes-hto sdi Ators andtu3frmPn A Mdsmer lbghtl graet ofth Dr.mebt In Parlsament. or sinds onre st in poi of bcircation of allthe Aoutrnals Wexey dt&edicbate to thopue tlec Bonelluge ,an thE neorrasis of the Roae p thus o of OadeWgthtelaotesirFblemrImtelxtant the intro dhe Nution of tave remuient. Off 1t,veter.atret, i Sta t,9. Sdan.oveldof VLo the lHeaae ILUSTaNeRA ltED tlON, O IS ndipaeoeWs for a prourdat Arugus 1. bcoees thel fooitngt fioendi tengcStravngs. eIlHE TIMS silent, postfree,even w of tin -aer sLefoat.zeh 12amomno3in l doi. pinthnl pt of t ATlnimmpstubmarie Cbeveat Eonast Gredenwicayh Coligofted latic relegrnadhvable tonW Hord thiewsAgaremnonthetho Com at Flrene ce-The Bonaink atelhi-Portrabit ofmil. ioriame Halafeof the oal Ita18an Opvera-thenrkt-sudENvYe1. liraja_ ln 60 E.0 I as eoehool Doonditole- llh se Hyi Den lsiree -Yuccandleoad In wloer-Te Gdwot of aelthee: Gr OwzneAdeo and Atl.s, nd' Scen OfrA, r nih DGRam INThGge G no ue-Qoane nodera;betlO at Tbrotr Atriqt of Dr HolerIishgMaSChlusr-Frl of Mr3Slig eevs-Met lzdn,~~esls,oDia, o. pbySh EDWRDcS.t i te mActr SELGIJ at Slnday, the Cte tons-ow rtgrays. Of thew Rwoydal prior1 tof tnoWihthats poreign Bnegue nc a nd avf te ew o tH . Pic stampederBs d uampLod-onc, W9.Srand. wa l the lleotudra tedLoncNews, Cloth,* giat, Iltea i andIn paprancoerse expotation, l . Aso covers for batdrIns thsamo e p ri at lenos s. Ci. 1Tt.a3 SEOa VOLUMEho ot SLERMOG ndRSTORINc be pcSedth.oh sitp bhookslleos; and atot. srotoe e 0Sando ...L at 2. forn thee mouths do. the Bvenin J. aEl.liW a . rernt ofT Tamoes posti4ed ree ev.deryonday ensday,t and. Codayo evening,at Ju. pi I danetOW DRsEKS dewy8v 9a.et ol Maoe-tret Mafar,W estalishe SY8T0M AdetnemeniS,ns ind TeT imeis, BeIrCULATUd; LhereiBRARYS n for SAh E, firatatirce.tteorueso600en vlmoes, wIthin eclnt omandition,h all. seleeted nd manyrinew rks,an d c end Loutdwell. PP rt Ofd theO purchaseomoney.re ain over. Adress In . Woodsu. nesppr off5c, El,Hakne.ra SALE of PICTURES d EN. 5,heIaiL anciFenth and3a model Vralso 400 lotsd of x-ma Antiues, compris sculpturesin mtablee , vsases.gas wapr, Isore. ladues med o B o., by EDWARD Ts, in ieGo*n 5 artm hD lale Soote at Tnmwer. onon the 1 d of Augput nox .tand paticularsa Oo. b. Rhaddi ofMsr.Cnd H.si Watson loD. -sret Marrchester-square,2 LLndon,cWe Teniada gentlemen,and hiseo ld patron, rice ts.ha th30Unts ueo cew8vo idicoverng aW mthod of of theand BOGTrES ofIF OtLD PAINtINGS, ELwh N1S2ich evnue adyto asrt tob I pendrior and totalDElIiY In fOaNDy muthod ithero Bsin use . Yen temen cAn ifergt-streety n nde h thei B idturee lteae ia pht e o erst des,ad ubndrtheir o nthEspution. Mri. frke baa hoie tHo ART of picrsats gAl ILdgn a anoves rIofIH l: oEtinD NEW ec SKETHING EoEL ofsz tsi frdle con- struction Iate vsuoesry p thoab Wioghtand at. neal,inly the Te noldofvelhadarp rati nce. colr oe f eInre ialrbE allow the legston beitlRedlnanMequlreor. T. St. - icew - 30 lain deWl poiseddittnpa pul 9 , ped, i o li e i HEDI andINQUO of oFarRui ars oencR Tbonve-plaeo WORDS. O dPes Porbs. fo3dress plan e d .rectre pltate s.Sent authoray iar on re ueipot an cariage frW.-A ofLrfe,enoradertoh uee, Lng.lrr Obsere one ad Woor frmet Martins-lo a ne.rBu te a*FEW W Now rends, TheO3TOSRlDdeprice ais .pa,rt ORD Fa01IJBS otn the PRovRe sujet dsivere- £3~DEIllY n LODON, uringthe pp.gf h Yeiar 1007. By' th PREv.SWOLAR DEEL ATi landNot, . asiters, ALRepregtesrent,ad ;hewen Bimnd-srTreet.o HerMto NWof t fe,Sby theo Autioot"Sviepoee r ART.ByIST' J AMIL.ORA ovelMfOTOn the hosldpowver, withsidInce dhee thnougtrn intenseoelng dsch lay'` oAthe readerLat oncPie. Admoreepesv toni o fe e withYHell' Me Inge.T C.so priewby S.Webocund, tCvedsh NosIT1LI 2, and3,I EGISvl.coH, GRs. AC fro A tIhe ItUj ndFenT'a CLaSSICo erad n PirPHLesTSx NotFes ndehmarkes lcontaining secletatedFabe stfrmdL Fon h taiane withgNoges.Caefll RevGisHedTan A2Edited byl W. d.ENY LndcorPaed by bdorf C H. Tma.Lno Law, colbokelr , Gra ussells heet- Just published, Fit to pice21., feob o ~HE DACTIof RNVINGEFementiQUEoad Freinch LConsfr'rvenstlonin3 lessons,b FemidLaion.andeveryoRtAOt ondeessr anddtecies ofan pactFrenc c~ OHNveLsional lcademyt4 Rue i6oAna Bregey.-Jamonoesr-mert. S.Paris; To-chy.Lno; .Aln in2uostpblishe, p p.6,rediced ts. 21d., BA U' BELGIUMAR of d tRhe RHInE.ROI gut'sA WRD Switzerland F and Savy.es.Cd Bogus's 33 Pari and H EnWirons I =. Cda.ta glondaui,Le and Ctarter'sy CornalauthorGuides,dehut andepassportl ThneRe.J COTTONBELLEW.- on ed' In Isa.. 0, per pitoIs. 2d., rpWO LECTUItE ~~clth, ba M2r. Alderman BAYNES,. Fist,-The Origin, Rc Progess,and Present Extent of the Cotton Trade of that Town. Se,ouL-Ito :i sion. Politically, Socially. Moirally, and Religously. DedjM3,acdto ojhsRight Hon. Lord Cavendish, ALP., beoth L'anca hir Londo n RiBchardeon, Brothers, 2S, Cornhi2ll Ha2l and Virtue, Paterioster-rua.. This day Is published, in 1,o.. sewed, price 6d., by loat?d.. WT'OMERN ad 'WORK. By BARBA1I& LEIGR' W SM ITE. " TMhs very remarkaslo pamphlet ztatus I eg preguant, deisive pastages the rational argumentsRah1tvo demand a plsrce for women among theb orkers in modern %oclo The style is distinguished by Its niervous oDnelsioen, directness, 'adpronttlosal clearness."-Loader. London, Boswo.th anl Barr4ng 215 Regen'street. The NEW R(MLANC, a stiro on tho Lovo of I,ewer ao.War-In demy Ivo., 7s Cd., root free, r~~VIQUETE deolog MONTESBy.JA - D ' SON. We are bound to award to Mr. a nd h i We have no doibt of its Immeardiate appearanr>e ame3lothe hlgh,rh.- John Bull. "M.armesa constr-ucts S,ansl' .h romanv withx a bold pcsa,heputastogtsebbr a vivactous drama."- leader. t Tha book is wh,gether of a stinular character." -Wfitilr J tg,, Edin,ha 1yilkon. Royal Exchange. J PCie.Rhgas |LXItR1 's INTEBEST TAilES.-Ne cdition, SfODpp., Svo., clth Ql'ABLES of SlIMPLE !N-'T,./EREST, at 2A, St 323, 4) .;-B 4k, 5 Iercent. forevery dayIn th strfosit tO&.B PAul lUi1; AURelE. "'Ii,the great a eousiEar fof simlictyor arrange' 1 uSut aridomtit ivrness v have seroonebetiradaptdfot HighItec Tabes. hirddmt final Dictionary. Arthur Ha l, virus - hO S,to.cloth, 7e. A CLUP )AW011 nd Co.Sto,Patenarte-rOW A Ceap Editiona is preosirg ' .tr publication, Prico 6d.-03d thouand, Is, ler d, 2e,ann 3.editions, DSALMSnnud flsy'AN'S $S00 decidedly evangelica 1 d cburelts. yAirrage Ifur the e'teiotal year. There re 245 A el simneordy the 11e t~ fLSk L. led sdI 13,al^bt. 56 hxu ssauP12doologies. Prinuted as originally wrtitten. o es of the d 're es e asorted for £5. a Batten, printer inS.3 osh:leloa'hr Cli Ob si,, Loton,n S.; ;lWertbelm aind Macinltosh. ATil3. CHINA-(WY D's iNEW iAP of the). v.ce In sheeb, '2. 6d. *mcase, 49. fd. ; roller. 7s. Gd. ,' 'llld k NrvwMap of the Canten River, with tho entrance, 'uHonx CUac.tea, ho. In one theet, 2s. Cd.; n case, 4. 6d.; on troilers, i n In hseet, 8s.; in CoUs, 12s.; on rollers j djlllDtgffit% aOa9d- 3 DEI g I~~~~~~- Mlanuel Etyrmologique is. Cd. Easy Freinch oetry ie,i,s- French Grammar. S6.6d.a RPAertloisedes Pronsteur.. fecd 31o1diles de rocelto FrAngatee. Ea. Wlrtlaker and Co., Are taria.lane. L F rnov; popular SC VHITTAKE' MRVI INos w HISTORY of EXGLANI). 45th edition,mo, prioe s., atronglybound In roan. Whattaker's Improved Pinnoclt's Mlttory of rome. 324 edition, 2Vmo price S. 6d., strongly bound In ron. r Whtytaer' Improtveod Finnock's History ot Gree:n. 28th edition, 12oo.,eur Se Cd, srogly hound In roan. No eitins f thjo ork ar genuine ezoept tboylawre the name of the publiahers, Whittalter and CO., on the title-page. Whitiakerand Co., Ave Marla-lane. orxected, Amended, and alstged for tbe LIngsah ftudext.-In2 Vois. Sio., earefuly corrected and revised. price 2di. cloth, PLtGEL's COMPLETE DIdTIOfA12Y of the AG5RiAN andENGLISlI L& ITGUAGES: adaptedto the Eug- With great Additions ana Improvementb, by O. A Sud the City of London eStchoolis; D°r. A. H18N AN &;,Wofesrri German at the London Univrersity Orliege anSd JOHtN OXCENPORI) Eng. Aljesls published, new and ebeapr edorition, Ans Abridgment ot the Sanie, for Youmper Students, TCraveller, 4 c, ByJ. Oxenterd andO0. A.1 Flling. Itoyat lSmo., price 7s. 6d., htrongl London, Whittaker aud Co,, Dulau and Co., and D. Nutt. JR. ZEIG3:TLE:Y's HISTORICAL and VIjA&- Blas7ofEnlad.SICAL WORKS: OrisIa mti w3nirth Notfealn. lnt2od e nc r edition, conh, . The_ lolumeSs.ar 6od sprtl, sah Thetra of Grece Jgmtao.fsit ediutio, wltNote s. and.Xoxrn llistoryof com. l2zno sixtheditino, clth, Cd Quwiestions on t1e Historie. 13mio, i, 1,each. Taisoy ofandiaPopuoar elOtIOLs,.8 usIO.fo. lob g. "eeimHistor te ota Eplaud. lImo., sehind edition, clDth, Cs62 mytoloyR of tAtoret Greece 1andoItaly. voe., iew eoitioun clotbh TheenMtoley Aridgvofoed, lCmo., ixthedition, bound,3 4 Thevi's wori,ith Nots arde I enth tructio sboecons edition, tOuto stthe Cmeatilna ~ and Jn-tar 0d!r allot wipthd fortesa and Zxclru. Post ivo., cloth,bCe. C6d. thes Tale REAPopuri teundosaWodtGAGpE Socloth, s.Cdo Elemenapyitedtor oth Genland. Wlo,third ediesl frtion bounUd, Sledent.ary HDtr. oX Gr leec.dSo., secTon earts.n bound Ic. e6gt ementaoryHiostor go lome. Pamt., tbird edition, bound VA. Gdo Introduchs y w adk to Dr. Oiendor hols ols, adtnted to the t .er man th ounirti aNd asstem oe admiabtiLngte attueyf of tp e Germln Dnrctielon WnhatRules oad Cei,der ofrdubitantive., Nowroition, Bt2.dAMETHOD of LTes, IN to 1. tso thcrenGVerman. Written expresfor the ElngIltb Student. By Dr. 11. G3. Olludnortff In Two Pane.: Part i te igthi ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~edition, rc I. m. lt. Pr , hr dto, pricelI. t, 4. Adapted oathe sodnisep latheyea. mans conthein Ialine, Sysemhf fancltatGegm h Study= rof ted by tbL. lutbor, lo7aeac cloth ettered. It - Adapted tor thoe wrnh, Wdtenpesireoaaly tMITOOfr th re engtzi . DhOd. rited to ote tai Wtteonly Engliressditions snctiongd Stuent. By Dunir. 2in HG.Oenda ori.So,third ecdition, pribemetho. cloth.~~~~~~~~h 4. Adaphte t and Co the Sanh., In& the ; aner Co., ans to be . of nther. Picee.eacoThis day, Le.t tr t free method j notice that tuhes e are he.ly English, edition0ssand ctioned by Dari. Aledrf Dmand be deremay oCthe totellylcadnide ad orba BOEiN's IIil.UaTBATE:D LIBRARY. Tns D I, with 100 Iaduftrationn. Pricfe m5 we Thilsh with Inita thm e pnlier name, an d,a. 1reen errrs eveahry oyhsi B nuyhmber an th auhe' sigatrt° e. TheGab Bo b. Ycrra ae rec, Y copyrit . Lndon, iYhltOtae an ,bionoe^Co., and Doln and C., ndobe hadof aOnys,n Wdh;ookeleller.cioa,;d tth a[ry t 13HE ASANSom of the CRIA ICS iof JB Is3 Id., ot trnauthlr. HAuntr ofMo Paoueiont, ithe ; oton 01 Veffnicn,? Byr, Londlon, Pre anrC." tostuerw This day, Bro., half-a-crowni woyeditee, CIHOObrSE aOUl Ohe PATH;uctions or, us tCt£ the Lodredtul pcLhoi3 ,aoun Adraao n liveo 3 ca inarrtOntdo=l3tln, arftride and Co. Paterneeterow dh t h e BORNs ILUSTR VED intoAARY, Prio.with e10 plri o Pc . GEBCin 1 WinthlanCo ric 5w. of onet.o ofcthestudent. Bohow edn, Yorkastrete,Candgdene fC s coa LRAond (7AI4on thobr El, 113, oriea is.e;lostree, ts. Cott,of theauthory.W. Hei{gananvD, Hols, B oUn-yared, W,co'or ttaEnloghtpe Bi$,OV3ELS, lis. d. Cme&ily edeition tin VVnowsculg Waenle GnrMnnssng,Atcqrry.Rondenoy itl noadwgietrdcfovero8b.iiiEdluier3gb A and 5),e Blac rnte Lndon Sholi.. ienand righ; andsoly all ers, a oand aL therailay a- tions.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~nEICOU sot ,.l C (lonei Con w Lsing Naztinal Crstiniy Comece an3!id th,rie Briis CnttuPOEtiweo,n. thbiea Autor of the Phras "Ucrs3tinlo the aLgsatur." London, WP2ia efto NII, Pibcudily,i f W. h in ceth CrsterieJszeo-Th°nglm. heweod, rcUnhe 6Is., 3kn ^n A LGEBRA withdg an CuYlornpcndium of Tirianome-lgcnyi obviaing llth oitrc-hlt-whih usual retrd-osn tn1he pcgr of the student. Nowtbedition,crrcedn desi.nd.,foruheud. o school,s. 46hdtond . cho xibrary, C. H.La,i,Grt uel-re, Bboo,,mebudon OUver snd Boy., ]!kiinboloe. g uph ste publ ihe the onl authoriedt Pedition faefr reis-oC. H. SPUtEhe: a Senetc of Ru Portraitonteel, fromachlothogr h re . TIe t h6 c dsent reebye post bythepubishyder tor ISectatiops e. Londo. teenon, 64 P=atr.l noetEr-row. IbONCah (vo Anontd) Thirdpuedithon, price Is., 6emy bBro tTrpH IGHoTMIDEso MDLEIE RIT.-h onlylu L epor, includiniU the hoeothecr ndrSw i aporirale erln the photogaphs ofeMis Bca Smith and 'Angli6er aond.n eyothere isinlons, uw rosoy. itaxd a..d Co., euncon'st.court, Feet.. B t Is.a 6dbound.iec Is. Gd., At3rshte, REVISED EN LItSHI the Wntr 'o Buttery ofthe Authorized Version, and rreeions osenumera ous mis treu lWehnert, ByJCHt~E. BEARD, . CrLondon,editien. ;rMaoG chestpsonrv, Joh Bon, and Raweoa.*l and A, boon upi ,tu royal SPo pricE j2 uis., c Mo., ltboi of; TRUSTSand &RUSTR S: Tir eitollcio, f .C3.. RUSTSand TRSTEES By T oetaSL Ind DRewq.s, o the our of hasoer.-Wr. Mxwel, Bel-yrd,Lnofesor finn.- .Lt tninIlshed(epl Birth,Mrriage,tFamil Ceunexhions prolitica Bis, Knightage b for 1857.berik A arN EXO ITIONDuoe-treetan allROokElErINS. an .C OFITheNEW NOVUEZ-In 3or,aN-LLIn pothe wo0., i MOTHER and SONS. Band Cla*TT. DsW.",B told th icient arebot vared nd oigial,ad fo theharacters ares graphicllydan WecongrAautfulate Ilutheauthor onithe2productione o a novel far superior orthepgenraltesa."- SporingMegain. 0Charles . Skeet.R10,RDEn Wilamsret Ca oo-r,oese. Biomfild'sFrEweaoth, price Iy C&tpstiraeebBr, Fotrn ho it his Dotrine,x 5andhsPrbe nIlsrto;a. r. ceedngsof th Lo,Sn afte ho.. DeLcIatoh,II,iseiatng his boospellers Towich Isded heSbsaceo thRR, oue E168ie ofr Angus,lepricue s, Jon,ad ud.Thewh oleben ii EpIRTom of, the Bootommonly calledtheNe TestcarmenMthery a AYMAN.us pundnshe, . Wint.ls The Huse. By thbIev, GW P. Gleig. ,is. TFhe Woodman: a3}on ano BlyG. P.LB. mcs Is. Anne Bo'.ey. By bs. Touson. Is.Gd Tho WhtO M3ask. By 2Ir Thouson. Is. 6d. The Buccaneer. By M>rjs. o&C. ljL 1. 6d. The Tceant otf fellI HalL By M A. BlOuto, la Cd. Londco,ThomamHodgson13. Paternoater-ror. No. 1. Ence 24.. Purt L. In. S7 Colored Steel Plater CYCLOPBDIA of BOTANY; or a, D2ittory ca:d deeiption ot all the Plans (native artd exotio), at pre4ert-Bno o wit theobeat methods oan cu'tisaion, and cotrnir msns hundreds of approved remedese for the disordersi to which hnmn usitrin is ianble, ;ompounded entirelY fro:m the veeinbie reation, fornng a c;unpliet e family dis6pnaitory. To be comp F ted in iSO nuns hon.at l d. cachd or 17 paris Is, or n tWthandsommvolumee, ontain- atg Sf0 attal engravings Its., or the Farae work rsp bo had plain.. lIe. Cd. Brooks'CelpePPer's Herbal, in one thicivot, Ss. d. plain,. ascolounrd s. Brokls'Intrnduction to Botany, price C. };e sure. and ordier Brooks' elitlOn. and have no oUter. Publ9ishe by W. 2. Clark, S and 17,Warvwick-lane. Any ountry bookseller ma>y have. a p acev. ( t klls wvith epecinmen nlrsnbes rati, by appying to thoet London aetnt. Now readyarlit nely 15m ly s ROvM price s7. d THE STRlUCTUIEEandFU CTIONBSofthcoEY1:: T Illuctrative of the Power, Wisdom, and Goodnes of God. B3 8PCLRNDZ THOI5SORN,Il,D. GroomsratgeandSons, 3,PaternosterTOW. OPrioe2I.nest Tre., oOr 25 stamps, (OWNEXION Of REAL"seH and BEKAUTY; - o the Dependence of a pleasing T1506eand Figuro on Phyolosi and ,recical Regxulation: w ith Re eie for the Com lexion, H3'ir, Shin. Teeth. do J. Jane, I, 13.WrlglV^fs.las Kensington. W. Published by Rellnshw , Strand, prce 1., lutsted4 A TREATIS3 on I MUCH LESS PAINFUIa A ot TSrtACT1G TET, by which tho gms cannot he loenrated or tb law s fractured;v there is3 aso lees danee ; tom Xfememorhnae. "A^ boon to the prolbeion and the3 puile.- Ilncet, "Mlr. o3Uswb hs soit.ed to g~so ual patronage to hsle Iogenuity."-Msal'1 'Thur. My.GIitEl; F esOepaisi, aridwlld happy to heht7 Yrs Isenteeor to ie srofan om to di at '5e Just pubIhed, l2mo., 2a. 6d., lCva satitam. G[out, and Nervocs. ITileasee,their T,rae NatPze andTreaitmenaZeabLlbgdt.on the.i tlnltno 0ltbo'awa of ife, and Illinetratd inNnamerou lasea Iir WIL. BsRET Eecr,.)&RBC.S, ad LsenDtite of Medcine. Lon on Sir e;in,d Mar>hali, nod Co. 'A particularly lutable di5l~Ql@,i*
ILUID BXTRAUT. Agent, T. EAT ING, 79, St. Paul's- I rel yard. IIJM R.EISEN dG, hir-odit to Ess .ex te Hma nteetyon to and author of `Thel)iseslet oR eMOVImN Foots," dayber cons daily from 10 tMIls. For reltberVN CaOgRnS, Bnionts, andtDiseasedth NaIlt withos cauttingp or the slightest pai,M.Bsneg,eee,cmltl Ulrn fet ormi.to bt ean be r,dmnlttob the fnvoutori tn he the 1JNION an ENARGiDTOE-JOI.NTb.-- JL,W Mesbon. DAIDSON On sotug ogeon-Chiropodst%s 26, Baekville.street, Piccd ys 4 ecuc-ere,ct,le-hlhed Ifijo) iunite attention toterew-iend FA OIA ULCITA for BUNIONS, an important Je,rse, in surgical manipulation, wvhich gp~e-iily anxd effectually eoe thee ntitve and unaightl EfealtIon of the jejt, x heheor arIeiengrom chronic, in0lammatey xc the anlogus endnclc rrtoingto hefeet Its naturally perlec fote.It an e otaiedenl oftheInvutoe ad rutwith _ _~~~~~~~~~~W WAIN.T PLACES.-All letters to be post paid. <a- W ET NURSE. Age 22. Full breast of milk. Well t rcommtnended.-U. G., 319. Albany-roadr CamsberwelL T ET 1lUlLsE, a young woman. Willing to make Vrherielf useful. Baby four monthe' old. Good reference.-A.W., No. 20, Providonce-row, Finsbury. ij y usiE.-R. B., 92, Lisson-grove north, So. ID M~~~~~Naryleboue. N'MtsE to take cha rge of one or two children, or N-urse In an asylum. Good references. No objection to traveL Age 35. Experienced.-L. E., 9, AdaE strter west, Bryan4ton-square, uitsE, or to take a child from the month, or to wait on an invalid lady. No objection to travel.-H. B., WatkIns's, 4. Sione-squaro. Oblhee NTUItSE to one or two children, or Under NUrse in a l1 getttlebnan's family, a German. Age 20.-A. B., 57, Marketstreet, klIgewure-roeL, URISEKAID, a German. Age 22. Two years' character. hooks a Lttle Engliesl-D., Zirklers, 74, Mortimer-street, Cavendt,lh-8quare. I ADY S-MAiID. Good reference. Io objection to take JL4 charge of a eulld.-G. El., 42. Mount-street, Groevenor-aquare. TADY'S-MAID. Experienced. 2& years' excelRent reL, ec)t'endatron.-M. B., 31, King-streec. BEoomsbury-square. ADY'-31AID. No objection to assist in the housework, rJn Adge 27. Three Years' refereno.-A. C., 1S2, Grange-road. Ber- TADY'S-MAID, a yoUng person. Perfectly understands L her uhusineas. Town, country, or to travel. 18 mouthW good oclraccer.-G. L. 63, 13ill-etreet, 1'eekbam. T ADY'tI-IAlsD arid Nf :EDLIcWOMAN, or to attend on an Li elderly lady. Ulinderstaxds dreasmalking and getting up fine linen. Nine yeard' good character.-R. D,, 12, Wilton-ter., New North-road. . T ADY'S-MlAID. Perfectly understands her business. JJ Five yeara' good charmcrer. Town or country.-B. P., Laver's, 81, (,,eat eorntand-stre.t, Oaveudish-square. T ADY'S-MMID. Nw oobjeotonto take charge of a child. i Thoroughly understauda every duty required. Good eharaeser.- T'. B. s., Deuney's, King-street, Hummersmitb, W. ADY'S MAID (UNDEn) or Young Ladies'-maid. Good 31 character. Understands ressmaking, hairdressing, and getting up lene linen. Good character.-L. B., 49, Eaton-plae. -NouNu LADIEs'-I-IAIb, or Nursemaid. Age 22. Un. 1 dcrtands dressmaking. Well recommeneed-E U., SherwoodVs, Iso. 15, Gate-etreet, Lincoin's-inn-fields, W.a pARLOURNAID, or Housemaid. 12 months' good che..racter. No objection to the coantry.-A Z., Millees, 4, Arthuoterrace, Caledoniau-road, Holloway. CKOOL-ROOI-MAID, or Second Housemaid. Age 23. 0 From the country. Four years' good char ater.-A R., Couins', 1so. 93, Park-street, Grosvenor-equare. EEDLEWOOMAN, to wait on the lady, or Upper HousemalId Undertawnea hairdressing. Four years' goodf character.- 8. R., 2. Albert-crescent. Lee, Kent. B BEDLEWOMAN, or Young Ladie8'-maid. Under1 stands dressmaking, &c. Unexceptionable character.-A. B., 2, Camden-rlace, ilaokheath, Kent. NEI)DLENVOMAN in a nobleman's or gentleman's family, i or any house of busrmese. Gooa character. Ago 2L.M. X, s4, rrincems etreet. Edgeware-road. LIDDLE-AGED WIDOW and SON, the care of offices, A or as Hourekeeper aud heerenger. Unexceptionable references. - T. B., Mfrs. Bolt's. 2ii, Union-street, Btbhopsgate-trest. N.E. PERSON, to Wait on a lady, or Nurse. Can take a Ababy fron the motith.-i . W., Wiliams and Son's, boo:makers. Itlount-atreet, Gwoavenor-Rquare. PER8ON, to wait on an invalid lad er enutleman, Thoroughliy eoxerienced. Strongly recommende -ar. ht, 3. Elwraheth-stteet. ChriBt (,hurch, Chelsea. TjOUSEKEEPEK. Middle-aged. Well recomnmended. LI. -X., Shand's, 01 Change. H OUSEHEL'EI R, and SEIRVANT to a tradesman -or R Widower, or the care of emfcee. Active, middle-aged. Good ensscter.-B. O., Driver's, 74, Sn.,whill. H OUSEREEPElt in a house of business. First-class recommendationa. Dined 30 in last eutuation.-R. B., 17, Woronzow-road, St. John's-wood. T OUSEKEEPEB, or Cook and Housekeeper in a noble- m man's or gentloman's faIlnvy. Thoroughly unoeostands hor busiaes, WVell recorumended.Q-A. Z., g0, Frith-street, Soho-square. ooK and HOUSEKEEPEI where a kitehenmaid is kept, C or Cook where the lady is ber owdnhousekeeper.-. Y. Z., Ehind's, peet-cihee, Little dueeex-place, Hyde-park-gardens, (l0ooK and HOUsEKBEEPEK, or Cook where a kitchen%XJ maid is kept. 12 monthas excellent character.-O. B., Simmons's, No. 64. Edgewane-road. (-OOK and HOUSEEIBEPER tO a gentleman's or tradesv man'stemily. liddle-agod. Considerableexper1c'co. Noobjectton to the country.-C. O., Danel'js, 13. Catherhae-etreet, Plitnlico. COOK (GOOD 0)'LAIN) and HOUsEh EEPBE to a single Qct Jceal,ma Good cnracter. Age 33.-h. D., 27, Charles-street, St. James's. S.W. diOOon (thorough GOOD) in a gentleman's family. UnC serstands soups, made dishes. Jeies, pastry, ec. Three years' Pd rhartere-Ic T., 9, Adam-street east. hancheeter-eqoare. COOK (thoroujh GOOD,, in a large family, or Cook and C baowetket tevee n' s.pak. famtiy.-A. T.. Stephens's, stationer, A-bauy-street. ltegenV&Gpark. (loon (thorough GOOD) in a gentleman's famUiy, where C a kitchenonatd is kept. Town preferred. Age 37. Good charactc. -. T., 3. D&vld-atreet. York-place, t'ortman-suuare. lOOS (thorough GOOD), in an hotel, tavern, or house C of balteo- . where a kitchenmald is kept. Can reake soaps. Good character.-Y. Z., 1, Princeme-etreet, Usion-street. Borough. OOK (GOOD) in a gentleman's family,wherea kitchenC maid Is kept. Town preferred.-M. S., post-office, 313, Regent-at. oon O (GOOD) ina gentleman's famiy. Good character. C -a-. R., -17, Cambridge-street, Oxford-square. OOE (GOOD), where a kitchenmaid is kept. Age 40. C>> Goodeba;rBcter.-A. B., Roes's, 6,Tichbourne-court. Holborn. ('OOK (GObD). Middle-aged. Goodcharacter.-M.2. C V 5, holyneux-atreet, Edgeware-roadL ( OOn in a small family. Good character. Age 23.- E. Hi,, 9. North-row. Park-street, W. 'lOOK in a gentleman's family) where a ldtchemnaid is C kept or asiettance given.-A B., 25, N orth-row, Grosvenor-aq;i W. iOOn in a house of business. Good character. City C preferred.-E. P., 26. Charlotto-street, Fitzroy-square. <OOSt where a man-servant is kept. Perfectly underC Gt3n ?S her businees. li year's character. Age 28.-A. Z., 28, N'ew-street, Dorset-sqlare. ('lOOKl where assistance is given in the kitchen. Can 'e teke charge of a dairy. Good character. Country or eea sido pre(erred.-T. A. A.. 13, Hereford-etreet, Liseon-grove. OOKE (GOOD PLAIN) in a small quiet family. 17 raouthe good character.-S. S. S.. 2, Medway-st.,Westm,nster,S.W. 109K (GOOD PLAIN) in a small private family. Age C u2. Good chbarater.-E. P., 9,Shouldham street, Brsanaton-rquare. C01K (GOOD PLAIN) in a gentleman's family, where a fCotman is kept. Age 28. 14 months' good character.-M. T., 9, Chbales-street, WeBtboarne-terrace, Hyde-park. (OOi (GoOD PLAIN), where a footman is Icept, or C 8eoond lUtchenumald in a nobleman's or genteman's tfamUy. Good character.-G. L ., Brooks's, 43, Edgeware-road. COOK (GOOD PLAIN), in a gentleman's family. Age 29. C Understands the dairv. Gooa character. No objection to a short distance In the cunmtry.-M.D.' t lv POOLAGOOD PLAIN). No objection to a tradesman's C fariiy. Good chaeracter.-A. T., Hlarrison's, 7, Victoria-terrace, Adelaide-road, l'inhley-road. OOKS (PLAIN), in a small family, or Kitchenmaid in a C gentlemat' famiy.-G. L.. 49, Drun,mond-atree, Eustou-sqn%re. lOOK (PLAIN), or General Servant in a small famiLy. C Ago 26.-E. P., 15, Victoria-place, Richmond-st., 8t. John' -wood. ('lOOK (PLAIN) in a gentleman's family. Good characI- ter.-a, H ., Sharp's, 24. Titchborne-street, Edgeware-road. 0OOK (PLAIN), or General Servant where another is C kept.-G. L., 2, Cousins-terrace, High-street, Kenaington, W. OOK (PLAIN), or Housemaid in a tradesman's family. Cv Two Yeare' character.-M. W., 32, John-st., Tottenham-court-road, cOO (PLAIN).-E. R., 2, Hawick-place, Vauxha.l- COOaC (PLAIN) in a small private family, a young Corn3u Wz3ood character. No objection to a short distance from tow.-G. Lt., 17. Queen-street, Brompton. (lOOK (PLAIN), or General Servant. and as NURSERYCmoid, in the same family, two sisters. aged 23 and 21. From the country. 12 montha' character.-M. C., 13, LiUilngton-atreet. 'imUlco.I COOiK (PLAIN), a youngperson. Three years' good cha- ard ter. - G., Rhind's, post-office, Little ussex-PlIce, 1Yde-Dprk. USEIVAID(UPPER). Three years' goqd character. Age 31.. A., 5, Henry-street. Borduare. Steonsy. TouSMIs D (UPPER) in a gentleman's family5 where a L footman is kept.-J. W., 5 , Star-street, Edgeware-road. OUSEhrAID (UPPltr), inL a nobleman's family, or lIa pper0ahamabermaid ina3n hotel or club-houso. ouUy compotent Are S. 6 rears' character.-AL A. IL, 2 a, Chamdos-st., Cavendishlsq. OUSEMAID ((UPPER), or Needlewoman. Age 29. T hree years' character.-S. P., Waton's, post-offlce, Upper !roeting, OUsR3IAID (thorough) in a nobleman's or entleHE man's family. 12 -mostte good c sstr-,,A., Fclend's, cet-oftce, CambwrWelllasne, Brlxton. TOUSE7.IAID (thorough) in a gentleman's family, where .oa an-sevnant IsIkept. go 31. Mve yealx' character.-T, W., 0.a0, Adin-etreet west. BZy.ustoi-Equgre. OuSEMAID (TOWN). Age 34. Two years' good caracter-E. .. Be oO's, 43. Edgewaer-road, Hyde-park, OPSEMrAD vwhere a footman is kept. Age 25.- l F. B., odges','13, Frilnet-street, Westminster. o USFnAs D in an hotel. Age 2T.-C. 3D., Harriso-'s lIhary, -;zlorln-forrace, St. Johna^ wood. OUIS1B3D l a tradesman's family. Age 23. Geod eharater.-A. B.. 69, Eaet-etreet, blancbester-rquare. I OUSEIrAID where a footman is kept, or Psrlourmaid. l8months'goczhnrace.-A.B, 30, Harrison-st., Gras'ien-rd. RIOUSE31AID where a footman is kept. Age 28. Two r ears' good charatere.-S. W., 9, Palace-place. Kenoiugon. flOUSEMAIDin a smal family. Age 24. Two years' H o-d dstactr.-A. H., 152, Grove-etreet, Camden-town, ]OUSEM in an hotel or lodging-house.-E. S., 1 85, Higlh Holborn. Il SE'G AD, where a man-selsnt ie kept. Good eh.- aracters.- B ., 6, P.anelagh-pl&ce. Plnlico. OUSEMAID in a gmall family, or to attend in the l nursery. Age 1s-S. 2, ', C row n- t oan'ry-lane. E OUS8HAD, and to wait on the lady, where a footman iE[113 kept, in a small quiet regular famuly. Seven pears' good chaacter. Age21.-A,B., 4, KinnrtonDlaCe sootb, Kngkebrdge. ITYOUSInIAl, heeafomnIs kept. .Age2. -L S ears' unsxeOptlnalbar EL. 32, Gre&t Macyb- IJOSEMTD n asmal fmil, werea footman is eOuntrp.-G W., Ieechne's,36 Dorst-street, PeR,trauSq2n6strye. ,WUORJ &D InA house of business. Good ebaracter. -o ob%e?Uto t,oa clty,-A., E2. 4 3a-terace, Halbozoug) i ETOtiSBAID In a smraU family. Understands waiting 11. At tahle, cleaning plate, brlght stoves, and ftarnitoro.-l?. ., 5. Maceles8eld.place, City-road. flT OUsMtAID in a smull family, where a footman rd LI koD tor Usider Housemaid In a large fainly.-M. B., Coreiaadsa, Old-town, Claphams, Surrey. O3 otisEDSAMD in a small famnily. 14 mounthe' good hl. 11 racter. Age 20.-M. P., 2:, liigh.park, kylAebary-street, Eaa street, Walworta. ".ousi""AID in a trilde,arnn'S family, or Under -HoWc LI. mad in agentieman'a fa illy.-F. G., 8, Littie Chetcradld.street. MaryIobSne. OrJSEMAIlD in a gentleman'sfaumily. here a footman is kept. Ago 25. t4cod charactrr.-M. W., 1, Sandwich.sapeo, Burtnn-crescent. H OUSEMAID, or Neodlewoman in a entlemants Hfamily, where a footmau is kept. Oue )ear and nine maonths' tood character.-A. B. S. Sussex-icrrsce. York-place, Saarnsbou..p,vk OUSEaLAID, where a footman or parlourmaid is kept. H Age 20. Good obareter. Country preferre,A. ,Dlgby's, g-ocer, High-street, Bstter.ea. ' ' I,Dgy R OUSEMAID. AFe 22. Can wait at table. Two years H a!d threo months chacter.-T., Buenet's library, Camber vti- EOUSE.MIAID, to wait on the lady, where a footman is LL kept. Good needlowonau. 2* yoars good character.-A. Z., 9, Courtboure-pilace, Oxford-etrett. Ur OUSEMAID in an hotel or any other house of busistreet, W;iton-place, 3Knlrhtebrldg.rton 3UT OUSE:hiAID, jiarmaid, or Still-room maid in an hotel, LI tavern, or any resPectable boa o nt busines.l No objoetlon to wait in a colee roomi-S. P.. 87, Uni n.street. Lambeth-walk. OUSrEMAID where a parlourmaid or footman is kept, ayoeng woman. Good character.-A. C., 49, DrummondatrZ.,, fOIJSEAIfD, or Nurse in a small gentleman's family. LAgo 23. Four yeaira good charmter.-E. L., 14, York-terrace, Regent's-park. TFOUSEIAID (SECOND or THIRD), in a nobleman's or tentlemars'3 famnily. HIghly recommended. Ago 20.-E. H3, Jobneouh, 197, Sloane-street. Chelsea. HO,o ousemaid in a small M aide-il, Gcol ch.D3cter. D., Dlavies's advertising office, OUSE1AID (UNDER) in a gentlemans family, or H Honusensaid Ina tr reansfml.Ae20. Good caracer._ B. r.. 5. Cavendiab-square.air T3OUsXaaAsD (UNDER) in a gentleman's family. Age .LU 27. One year and nine months' character-M. H,, Saunders's library, Upper Tooting. Surrey. lENEIIAL SERVANT in a small famiuy. Strong and GYctive. Food of children.-_'. rL. 13, BloozadelO-ter., Pimlico, S.W. Cl ENERAI SERVANT and WVAITRESS in a tavern. Can k3 cook welL-B. AL, 38, Montaeu-mews, Mlontago-street, Huasell-eq. i ENERAL SERVANT to an elderly lady or gentleman'cX Steady, middle-aged. Gool character. Good needlewoman.- M5.A., 119, High Holbore. TAUNDRYVIAID in a small family. Thoroughly underJU stands her busintess.-W. J., 6,Oxtord-tcrrace. Park-road,olapharn. W ITCHEINMAD (GOOD), where a scullerymaid is ke t I X No objection to the country.-E. B., 105, Tachbrook-street ,Seb grave-road, 'iralIco. KITCHENMAlD in a gentleman's family, where a scul- l'nnsialdi tkept. From the coutry. One year and eight months' good eharacter--M. J., atunsIon's 2, Green-lanes, Stoke Newington. TAITRESS, or Second Barmaid. Town or country.- WI' A. C, 8, Cadogan-street, Chelsea. -BrAID, or Under Barmaid in an hotel. Age 19. AA Blrought up In Walos. Active, good-tempered, and very trutworthy.-Z. 0., 143, Strand. g m..rD, or Barmaid and Waitress in an hotel or elub.- Town or country. Age 25.-A. B. C., peat-office, 1, Hackniey-road. ARMAID, a young woman. Would give her irso B throo months, not having been in the busineas before.-O. P., po3t-office, Great Rutuell-street, Bloomsbury. AN and WIFE, the care of offices or chambers. Wlife M a good cook if required. Willing to make themoelves weful.- W. Mt., 46, George-street. Bagniggo-wello-road. -rAN and WIFE, without encumbrance, the &ire of AlVoffires or chamrbers; Highly recommended.-W. P., 30, Herr Union-etreet,CrAp,legate. , MAN and WIFE,: man as Butler or In-door Servant, out of livery ; wife as thorough good Cook. Town or country, Excellent characters.-E B. A, , St. Paul's-terrace, Camden-town. AN and Wirs, midare-aged, without encumbranceAM* man as Butler; wife as 'oos: and Ho rekeeper, or charge of ottices or chambers. Good character.-RC,.13.Princes-st., Storey's-gate. pIlTLER, wYhere a footman and under butler are kept. pExperlenced, age 45. Thoroughly understands the duties. Satistactory character. Town or coutlry.-Davie, 3, Green-st., Grosvenor-sq. 1?UTLER. bliddle-aged. Four years' excellent characlJter. Can brow. No objection ito tte oantry-Y. Z., Pyne's, 27, Giosvenor-strcete Eatou-square, 3.W. BUTLER. Active,matried,nofamily, Fullycompetent tiuI all his dut-ies. ILghly recommended-D. C., 12, Dukie-stret, BUTLR, or Butler and Valet. Age 38 height 5 feet 10. Higbly recommendeaL. Understands brewing and leathers. No objection to a job.-H. W., 5, Stafford-pIece south. Bimllco BTJTLERs or Upper Servant where a footman or boy is B lit, in a smalregular family. Good character. Ago 32, height 5 It., eegbe.-A. M.. 4, Kinnerton-placs soata, lihesbudge. 'TALET, or to travel with a family. A German. Speaks V ntglish. Age 26. Wel recommended.-S, S., pSt-office, 9lOzford-street. ALET, or Travelling Bervant, a Swiss. Speaks ATEgaghsh,ends, German, and ItaUan. Wel experienced. Good character. Salary not an obDect.-C. D., 44, Manor-pt,, Waiworthroad DAGB, from the country. 2% years' character. Age 16. P B-A.B.. 1, Ryder 0-court, Leicester square. (IOURIER and TRAVELLING SERVANT. JUst returned 'from the continent. Highly recommended.-A.P., Heninghasm ani holll', 5, Mlount-street. Oro3venor-square. mRAvELLINGSE vANT,a Germaan. S paksEnglish and T French. Just returned from the continent. highly recommendAd. -A. J., 11, Maddox-street, Regent-street. TTPPERSERVANT, out of livery. Age 40. Two years' '. cbaracter.-W. D.. Davison's, 22, Devonshire-et., Portlanrd.place. TN-DOOR SERVANT (thorough) in or out of liver, I. Bingle-handed. Ago 29. 1i year's good character.-E. C., Goshin1a, newspaDer oeice. Westbourne-streer, Eaton-squsre. TN-DOOR SBRVANT (thorough), i a smalU family, in or l out of livery, or on a job. Steady, single. Two yeas' character. Town or country.- . Ray, 6. Bath-street, London-road, Southwark. TN-DOOR SERVANT (thorough), out of livery. Steady, j active. Perfectly understands his business. Three years' good character-J. C.. Tbb's, 59, Brook-street, Grosvenor-square. FN-DOOR SERVANT (thorough), in or out of livery, 5. wheret a PT go is kept. Town orcorprtry. Single, age 35. Helgao b OCt9.C ., 4.Upper Bryaueted-aedtt - T'-DOOR SESVANT (thorough), out of livery, where a footman or page kopt. 26 years' exceUent character. Age 30.- W. HI. B., Rhind's, post-office, Little Susex-place, Hyde-park-gardens TN-DOOR SERVANT (thorough), or Valet. U 'cleaning leathers, boot tops, ana guns. Or a jab for the season Helirht5 ftS.-C. . D., Drew's, bak-r,Charles-st,Westbo.r,e.terw TN-DOOR SERVANT in or out of livery, 18 months' I good character. Age 20.-C. B., 45, Salisbury-street, Lisson-grove. TN-DOOR SERVANT, in or out of livery, single-handed. I Good character. Age 26. Height 5ft. St. Country.-I EH., Wilkes' No. 15, New Church-street, Bermondeey, B.E. IN-DOOR SERVANT, out of livery, single-handed, or otherwise. Age 3S. Understandshis duties. Cood character.- A.B., 28, Vlctorla-teryace. Hrigh-street. 8s. John's-wood. ;2-DOORL SERVANT, or to attend OR an invalid geaItleolan. GJood character. -3. 0.. Wind and Elliott's, 128, Jcr- 2ERVANT (thorough), out of livery. Town or country. S No objection toa ijob Eperienced. married, ago 36,-B,B., Chilton'g dairy. Conduit-street ws-A, Hyde-park. IINGLE-HANDED, or under a butler. Ago 24. Height S 5 feet 10.-O.'G., 8aint'e, 34, Chspel-street, Grosvenor-square. A to drive a horse and cart. Out-doors. Knows wtnowelL. Seven years' character.-B. I, 25, Dean-st., Soho. OOTAIAN under a butler. Tovn orcountry. Age 22. F Height 5 feet 8.-A. P., 10, St. Martin's-street, Leester-sqruare. AOOTtAN,or Footmanand V&let. Height 5 feet lN. oAg24 rouryeare' good character-J. M. 1., Steel's hbrazy, Spring.garrtrcr. | 5OOTiAN in a gentleman's family, under a butler, F Gochrce.Hiht Sf . I. 9age 26. Tnorcuty-,H., | Dover's, 4, atle.trset,har,rln9daon-tret, c ityorranot na gentleman's family, where a butler is F 2ept. Goodcharacter. HeightSft.6.age25. Thoroughbly nderstands his busisiess.-T. T. P., Tab's, 8, Maryiebouo-lano, Oxford-street. rOOTrAN, under a butler or sinle-handed. Height .1.' 1 t. 7, a4ge 21, 2Xyaetars' teobdorharaser. Coin tr preferred.WP B., OOTMAN, single-handed, in livery. Two years' good dieraeter Age 22.-P. A., PIper's, stationer, HIampton, Mid- EjeOTIlAN, inge-hadedin a smallfamily, in or out Fofdene,. 2 Queen-sr eet, ry Good character. Age 25.-A. W., Cusdn's 2,Quen-smt,Groevenor-equare. ~~ or out of livery, or as Valet, -or to lltrsker-toean, partabroad. 12 months' good character.-J. . 1 3, FOOTMAIN (UN[DER) in a private family, or UJnder Waiter in an hotel. ole 9.-A. B., post-oSico, Asbford, Kent. COACHmAN. Age4. Threeyears'character.-A., 65, High-street, Marylebone. nOACHIMAW,or Groom and Coachman, to drive one or C apair.CMAred, a go 28. Lisht weight. Knows town well Fouc years' good charater.-. D.,29. Great Barlow-street, Manchester.eq. OOACHMAN to drive apair or one horse. Single, age30. Knows town. -Town or cunutry. Canwait at table. Seven m3nthe' chlaractes.-W. M.,-Davies', coachbuilder, WieRcore-et., Cavendish-s5q. SOACHAX, or Groomand Coachman. Married, awe C S&. Understandshibusiness. Knowstownwell. Not objectso country, or to be ntgeful.-P. P.. 21. South-sk, King's-rd., CCelsea, S.W. C>OsACHMAN, or Groom. Age 30. Single. No ob's jection to the country. Knowsatown well. Can wait at table if required. E xcellent cbarac'er.-R. S., R . H Henn-street, Reg ent's-nk C.OACHMAN. Married, age 38. Knows town wel. 44 Ctbears'wgood B,h racter. Umloteerstlannds hsbaybusinessBd No objection to OACHSIA Sead, sigle midleage~d. Can ~wait at C table. 18 mOnths' character. Country preferred.-J. F., 25, Nertb- COACMN. KAnows tow ell. Single,age27. 1ight mt years' gW d cha,rcter.-2 B.. Lucas's, coaahbuilder, BrExton-til, -OACIMAN, or Groo rG o and Coacmn CIoAOXHAN, or GrooM. :Married, age 39. Can wait at Itablo ad m ak hlmserL useful, Five years' good character,W. r gstr et, Paddirg ton. W. Cro"HmAc, or Groom. . Single,a.ge 2 Good charac- ter. Town or coantTy.-ITV P., Exnnisrsr'e corudealer, Clapham, SurrIey. COACHMAN, or romand Coachman, to onie or a pair. C Sihnge, age 2. Room town well. Town -or country. light we(ght,-&. B., 3ElU'e, Paddler, Parkhyise. Piccadill. COACIISEAN. Knows town well. Married, no encum. hersc.ae35. No objection to the country. Two years' goo gharj.e'-A. B., A rery'e, 1 02, great Porkand.street, OzIfordsireet. COACHMrAN, or Groom. Single, sgo 29. UndertanIds ChisbuBlners. Goodcharacter. To rn eorantry.-A B., 2, Berystreet, Bloomsmury. BooOr, or to drive aTbroughan ay,oungman. Ta o y sears' good chars3tee.-(. IV.. postotils, Soutbgate, R s0ooMr, to look after a horgeand chaise or a air of 'Jpoeies. Two years' charaot"r.-G. P., #lle's, Wc6tow-hIl, Upper Norwood, Sorrey. l BRoom and CoAcHMAN. Married. Can take the ma- IkXnagementof one era pairof horsesi careatof a orworklRgar dsn aoq cbacl,.;-,;E .,Si, Jomo"B'zlsAe, L i l lb.S- G ROo3r. MIarried,witho1outrncuiraci Canudrve ZgOa8 r ,SWillins to mako him2eo: u-eefuL o33.-w. S., 19 flROONb, or Coachman, single or pair. Married. ThoG- run y understands his busines 1 roniha good character.- A. 0.at-office, Kilburn. R100r, or Coachman, or charge of hunters. Town MTarried, ago 28. Good character-W. Tore, wn lA1DENER (HEAD). Middle-aged. Married, no faGoo charao tehr.-G.H. kGa'dner oand Stout's, Guildford, Surrey.' A11DE B (HEAD). g rrierried, onechild, aree3T& 'k-T Underst=d5,Upper Woodiotqlfo, Lower Norw ,urwr CARD IInR, Single-hand . Gcstands flower and kitcenb adne oojcio ockfeao Referencees.W. Gi., Dobsen adSon a a conv. f-ARDENER. Single, age 26. Perfectly nderstands '.3 stove, greenhouse plant, vinoey, or and kit xgarden ar forch3g.-G1. M.. 3. Back-r, ad. Sbadwell. rIegadnerl 0 ARDIMER. Married. Periectly understands his busi- 8necs. early or late forcing if required otto land and cattie.-G.L., So . Amalia-olace,Cat-sre,Scke. Cl ARDENE', a young man. Gocd practical experience G in gardesting ianR allit branches. 16 rntha' good character.- G. Sibree, Streatbhan-placa nureery. Brixton-hiuns. S. G ARDEISER. Married, age 39. Understands cows, pigg, 3Aand poratry. Brewring if required, Two years' gool character. J. F., 9, Queen-street, Hamrmersmnith. fNARDENER. MDarried,e3 Fl understan. his usineBs, early and aodocage 3ears g eorsod his B llinson', anureryeman, T. oting. Surrey c acter.iogt,n ARDENEBA Single, age26. Understands parinnflower 3aud k itthenr ein blect'on t au athore and rhaise 6r cow. -H. B., 2, Portedow-es ibr.Le AltDNER,sin hande or thrie.Married, no G familY.Un ar El the greenboure. Tw ears and aevea bmin. good character.- B ... Yew-tree Cottage, IErih, Kent. m i . L .Wenorn-Le Weto-rrd P3dnto AREDENRE. Married, age 39. Ma6ny -years' expe. G3rIenro in every branchbofb hi-rfeaoion. Weuidbosefuegni Nearly 3 years' char.ater.-A. B., Claks, g Eigb-st., Kensinugton. tloAu BAILIFF and GARDNMc Understands farming Fuandcgardening in alt their branches, and otock. Wife the dairy. No fameily. Goodeharacter.-G. B., 1, Union-street, Melksharn, Wilt. MEfSfR3GERt, or any other light capacity. Age~ 19.- M: R. AL, 2. Weatbourne-place, Harrow-road, Paddington. TGH SEORGER, or Light Porter. Age 19. Three years' M1 nod l charaecer.-A. B., 65, Log-suae, Ry. T' ESS PO33TR, or Light Porter in , trustwortby situny tn.CM M6arried, are 30. Knows town welL Seven yeare excellent oharacter.-A. D.. Hill's, 3. Crawford-street, Bastou.rqnare, W. T IGHT PORTE1, or Messenger. Ago 2o3. Good oht- Lracter of two ye.-W. T., ass'all'o library, Ebury-st., PimUco.. r GlOT POBTER, or House Po , e generayUy L wnethl. Knowa town well. Go caracerood bAge 2.-D. 1w,, Cok's S. arylebone-street, Wrs- ore-street, W. ITF,BT FORTE1, or Messenger in a wholesale or retail L houre.uAe 22 Writes a gcl9 hand. Can drive.-P. T. C., 14, Ahon-etree,Kn'-rc.. PBTX PORTER in a h reL t-clae hotel. A2 e 27. Un.Lderstande his businecs. 11 year's good character. Town or country.-A. B., 12, Bluecroer-street, Leiceater-square. poRTFE. Age 18. Two yearsj'character from awest Pend houre of businers.-G. B.. 9, South Xolton-street, W. ~ORTER in an hoteL. Single, age 23. Good ch_a- racter.-R. W.. 15, Gilbert-street, Grosvenor-square. pOBTEP., todrive a horse and cart. Age 19. Knows Ptowa welU.-G. B., 16, Henrietta-street, Duke-street, Manchester-sq. DaRTER, or to drive out, or to look after horses. Wil Imareabuncecl generally urefuL. Age 23. Good chsrater-G. P., 23, Cornwall-pines, Cornwall-road, starsford-stroet, Biackfriare-road. PORTECaarman, or Watehousesnan. Ago 24. Writes af 91 gooand& Good recomroeudation.-R.'B., 62, Lion-street, New AITER a tavern, chop-house or diningrooms. . ge 30. 10 years' chararteor-. 3s, 10, Snffolk-pl., Hackrey-rd iTAITER, Head, Share, or otherwise, in an hotel or v tavern. Two years' obaracter.-A. B, 126, Praed-et,Paddington, UTAITER in an hotel or any respectable house of busi- ness. Townor country. A Gernian. Speaks good French and EngUisb. Age 24. Good charaeter-B. l, 2. Kirby-ct., Hatteon-gd. \5riAITEh. Middle-aged. Speaks English, French tVand Gertman fluently. Highly reronsuended.- .S,;,Maddox- rAITER in a tavern or any respectable house of busiw oes, Single, active. Good charcter. Town or country.- W. R.. 45, Chiawell-street, Firasbury. TAITER in an hotel or restaurant, a German. Speaks teo Eglsh tnd French. Very good character.-H. M, i, Maddoxstreet, Recent-street. AiTER in a tavern orluncbeon house. Good chara-c w toer. Cityv rererred.-W. C., 4 New Norfolk-street, Iower-road, InBrugten. TAITBRSS, or Waitress and to asist in the bar or W housework, a yotug Peson. Good charscter.-A. D., 20, Johnftrpeet Holland-street, Blackfriare-road.
SALE9 BY AUCTION. At Carraways. This Day, July 31, at 12. ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE eX> be to inform the public that the 1AALES of thae varIonsETAT at Ganoway'i,s THIS DAY wMi take place in the following l.-Valu3ble Building Land, about 15 acres3nau-tax redeemed. situate at the junction of the road leading from Hlornsey to four miles from London. Eghgt, 2 to 11.-I Chancery.-" Anste7 and othersy. Hobson."-Tavlstooksiuore.-Valuable Leasehold Estates, conslsting of several well-built Besdences, StabDnginWoburnmews, do. 12 to 14-Great Ormond-street, Queen-squao-Valuable Freehold Estate, comprising three noble Town Residences, with ornamental sitone fronts Ione with poseseslool1 also Coach-heuses and Stabling, in Great OrmeOyard: the whole forming aigrand Sitefora charitable i£stitUtiOn, producing and of the value of' upwards of £400 per annum. b15 to 29.-Queen-square, Bloornshury. Powls-place.-Deslrable Feesbold staItes. e-AOuprIsig 11 escellent bricke-built Iteideuces, producing Lancaster placo. Strand. 450 Ounces of Plates, Watches by Vuilliamy, iteoms of Jowenlery. Dressing-case, and Effects, by order of the Executor; al a small collection of Italian Pictures, from Rome. harbles, and other 'roperty.Roa.Mrlsan erP. MgR PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms. Now Bond-street, en Tuesday, August 4, at I preClEely, a small SERVICE of PLATE, the property of a gentleman deceased; consistlng of Bnoons and forks, ladles, Ssh krnive, a tea equSpage, table and cbamber candlesticks, bread basket, cruet ranmes, kDives and forks, two gold watrbes by Vulltamy, itemsof jeweUery and bijouterle, a dressingcase, with slver fittings, plate chest, las. aise a set of excellent plated entree dishehM dish covers, epergne, and otheritnms. AFmallco1leetlonof Italianpletures. recently received from Rome, includlig the Virgin, Obild, and St. John, by A. del -;The Virgin rated walh Saints in Adoration, by Angelicoand various Scripinre pieces, portraits, and landscaiper, in a genuine stato, collected in Romne. May be viewed Saturicy and aMonday precedirg the sale, and catalogues had. A manScenlt Binger anud Soil-acting Organ with 24 balrreis, Performing sng the most admired wrorkr of celebrated composers, arranged In an elegant cabinet, ansI well adapted for a noble mansion, concert room. or bausuet ball. a I R. PHILLIPS is instructed by the represents- i tives of a gentleman. deceased, to SELL by AkUTON, at his Rooms, New Bond street. on Wednesday August 5, at 2. a costly FlNGER and SELFA.&CTING ORGAN, designed by one of the most eminentmanufacturers of Germany, and Introduced into an elegant ornamental ease, rendering it well mitted to a nobleman's or gentleman's mansion, a concert room, or banquetting ball. It poeseesz great ricbness and power, the self-action arranged on 24 barrels, uniting the Onest muslo of Rossini, Weber, and other eminent ComPOSer May be viewed four days prier to the sale, at Mr. PhIlips's. An expensive gllt Drawing-room Salte, covered in blue silk, with car- tains of the same; dining room, library, and chamber Fumniture, Ornamental Objects and Effects. lA. PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his Mr. Great Rooms, New Bond-street. on Wedneeday, August 5, at I precisely, a handsome and expensive DRAWING ROOM SUITE of blue, silk curtains for tbree vidows, the gilt sofas, settees, and chairs covered wlth the same material, large gilt console tables andc glases, walnut centre tables, inlaid cabinet and screens. A set of Spanish mahogany dining tables 15ft. by Sit., and sideboard with plate gloss back. IS chatrs, and two indulging ones, covered In morocco, dinner waggoes, library, bookcases, tables, and chairs, chamber appendaRes, consisting of Arabian and other bedsteads in walaut and Spanish mahogany, dreesing and washtables. cheval and toilette glasses, wardsobes, chests of drawers, So. Ueeful china and glass and domestlo requisites. Also a Eelectlon of decorative furniture In rosewood, marqueterie, and buhl-work. Ornamental clocks, bronzes. chandeliers, a cottage pianoforte by Erard, billard tsble, and valuable effects. Mabeviwe9Mndaaay andTuesday preceding the sale, and catalogues adat a5r. Phillips's, as above. Taplow, near Maidenhead Station.-Valuable Freehold Estate of 173 acres, with compact Farm-house, for sale in lots (nuless previously diposed of by P.lvate Treaty), adsiirably adapted for the erection of coantry residences. ClHINNOCK and GALSWORTHIY are instrmcted to BELT, by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, August 5, the valuable ESTATE known as Taplow Farm, delgetfolly situate a few minutes' walk from the Great Western Railway StAtion, in the charming vilage of Taplow, surrounded by tUe di-tinguisheed country seats o0 Cliefdeu, belonging to the Duchoss of Sutberland. Dronmore, to Lady Grenvle, Taplow, to Lord Boston, and Taplow Court, to Pasoze Grenfell, Esq., and several other noblemen anca gentleosen. The estate is situate on rising ground of an undulating charotsr, close to the Thames, intersected by good roadUs with dellghtfal walks and drives. Beinrg on a dry gravely roiL and from the great dilficulty of procuring freehold land in this favourite locality, it presents a favourable opportunity br persons desirous of erecting houses in accordance with their cv q taste, some parts ot the eatate containing V3naluae brick earth and gravel; or the estate In its entirety in a most valuable one to any gentleman wishing to form, the land being in a very high stats of cultivation. Pariicalars may be had of Messs. Jas. Taylor, Mason, and Taylor. solicitors, I. Furnival's-lun; and of Messrs. Chinnock nnd GaLaworthy, auctioneers and land agents, 2o, Regent-street, L.ondon IjR. ELGOOD announces the following ORDER L ot his SALES, at the Marl, TIlIS DAY doriday), atIpre1. Pedence. 4, Foley-place. Portland-iaace. POrtiand.ndpS.iaccras 2. House anl Shop, eG, Great MarylebocetsOtWM e 3. Capital R>esidenceQ, ll. UppqrWiFmpolc-street. 4. Ditto, S'O, Winspo1e-street. 5. Valuable ProperfiFo Charles Bott, RDsq., deceasedL on the Crown, POrTland, and Postman Eslates, in St. MIarylebone and St. Paurras. Printedl particulars at the Meart; and of 31r. Xlgood, 9B, Wimpole- No. 28. Camden Cottages, Camden-Sown.-Ro Ponsonby, a bankrupt. r4ESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL are directed by the i Agignees to SELL tby AUTION, on the above Premises, THIS DAY. July 31,at 12.the excellent and well-made HOUSEHOL FURNITURE : comprising handsome rahbogany wardrobes, chests of drawers, wash-stand, marble-top, Arabian bedotead and bedding car pots, len, occasional, and dining tablesi, linten, chinai and glass, had. somely arved oak hall rab;e, obinaney-glsse in bgt frames, a 34-In. mirror, cabiunts, some fine paintings the Virgin, by Carlo Doldi, the Flight of Napoleon from Egypt, by MIemnn and others higly apeonlatgve. very fine enrgrEngsfrom the works'of Salter, Caloott, F.I 8tanfield, and Barraud, Art Union engravings, with manyvaliuable and rare items. Catalogues may be had on the premises ; of S. B. Lamb. Req., 12, Gray'-lnn-squase: of the officiaasaignee, G. P. Nicholson Eso., Baidughall-rest: and of the auctIoneers, 2019, PIcadilly, W. The Boor's Hea lNo.066Fleet-streeb, with iMmediiatsposse3sion. j ESSR~.S.(RAFTCER and SON are instrmcted by l the Freeholder to SELL bv;AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Thums day, Auust 6, at 12, na LEASE for 2t 1earafrom ,ihichoelmaa next, sobject to a r,nta. oz 1£0 -,cr annnu. with condliions of a highbly favouable nature to a purohaserfor cbtaining a furtber term, at a reduced rental The position of this house for a drst-claesretallhbuslness Is without exception one of the very beat in the city of Londou ; and. as the whole of the htiineer fixtures have been removed, the premises can be refitted without theracrificeusuallyattendant unon ruch alterations. Particnlarsccantboobtained at Garrway's;f of George Crafter, Xsq., s6lcitor 10, Dougbhtystreet; and of the aunUloneers and estate agents, 4. Stamsford-steet, s. St. John's-wood.--Nearly new Household Furniture, well-built Broughanm, Books, Plate. and effects. .MVR. MURRELL will SELL by AUCTION oa .thL,tbePremiteg, St.John's-wood. To-morrow. Ang.l1. at11 for 12,the nearly new and well-made HOUSEEIOLD FURNITURE, comn prising mahogany four-post and other bedsteads, bedding, dres3ink tables, marble-top and other wacsbtands, oheat of drawers, wardrobes, and the necessary chamber appendages, chimney-glasses, carpets, cur tan3scorntces. rosewocami wainecs-tree drawing room anise, e> oct3y D/ccolo pianoforte in walnut-tree easer mnahogany clintng sables, handsome sideboard, choirs, couches, whatnots, bookcases, 200 volumes of books, small gu~autity of plate, linen, kitchen reqtuisites, china and glare, weli-bmilt Breugham phacetn, useful horse, garden utensiLs, and avarety of effects. . Miar be oviewe tse day prior and morning of saeD,. Ctalo2ues had of MEr. MuercIl, auctioneer, &r., l, Waibrook, Uper Belgrave-Dlace, Plim1lco-Surplua FurAtuse. a Pair of valuable (marble) Paintings3by Gee. Morlasad, and Effectg. lIA. GEO. GOUlJDSMITIsI will $EII ylC onthPrelse,No . a Son LL by AUC.L7.LTION, ntePtrio, o ,a abover Tuesday, Augut 4. £OlV3iaelahy ceder of a enslemn nsemovsng,hereinalnlE. k$WsesL recuIsltss, do. On view morning of irI, Cs.tlognes of the auctoje¶s,, 3, PonXt-tret, Delgrae.sqhuaxe5 si4 tA 2lI;IdJo~ 27 snnn-sres~ s0, allmal, ad 36t'k[139 WillIalm-street, city_keaehod.roprtes,beongngto the London and Easterm Banking Co lion. ndS NSbl o it'uc vey,lflgble PR(PERTIE were not saidby aucion antba th difleltyaR to title being removed they are now instractodt to BELLS by Ptriate Treaty. For particulars watd urineapply to Messrs. Beade! and Sons. 25. Gresbam.otreet, London, E.O. 3Dayc Sal e Altered from Taesday, July 21, to Tuesday, Au t . The Moggerhanger and BeGLUEston tea.-Ass Imeortant reehold Property, in the county of Bedford, with MJansion. Park, and Domain ot onwards of 2.000 acrec3: stout thre milese from Sandy, live from Bedford, and within 45 of London. 1UESSR1S.B PBEADE anid SONS hasve received in- ±Lstruotions tc, offer by AUCTION, at the Aisax, London, on Tuesday, the 4th of August nex,. in lot,, those Important and highly desirable FRSEHOLD ESTATES. knowo as Moggerhanger and Beeston, situate in the psrishes of Biunnoam and Nortoill, three relies from Sandy, and about dive from B-dffurd. thuri easily accessible from the Gresat Northern, Midland, and Noarthi-Western Railways. The piroperty adloine the eatates of the Duke of Bedford, Fvrlde Grey, and others, ia in the midst of a hsighlv- cultivated agbricultural esistrict, and extend over unwares of 2,000 acres of rich and fertile land,. intersDersed with thriving plantations. and coppieer, divided into convenient farms, with suitable houses and homez;tuvula. and intersectedI by capital roads. tfoggerhanger House. wt.sch has been boith within a, recent period, occupies a gentle eminence in a richly timbered par-k of about 130 acres, and cotmmands oxteuoaive views over the adjoining country: It contains ample accommodlation for a large fsi%nily.with c.)rsrondent domestie offices, capital water supply, and extensive istabliog, coach-houses, kitchen gardens, &c. The ornamental gardenis and pleasure grounds adjoining the mansion are teatefully laid out and ti4nted with choicaeshrubs. There are also s-evera enclosures of valuable anconmmodatlon tend, a water corn mill at South Mills, on the river Ivel, a branch of the Cure, which partially bounds and intersects the est""e and in whilch±hcro inoot fishing:asloenumoerous labourer' cottageZ, an old-established inn, and a rubllc-bonae. The soil Is of a supexfor quality, and mush of it well adapted for market g,rden Durposes excellent gravel mayalsobheobtained on the estat. The land is allet to a highly respectable tenmx~try, most os whozm are under notlcako quit, in ordcr to give the liurchaser the option of poaesseaon. The tacoperty isoin anx excellent sporting country near the celebrated Cardingson courstinggrounads, andtins Oak-ley and'aasb.idgeshiro fox hounds and ,aeral a' k of hariers hunt the Imimedlate vicinity. The game (of which ter in a good heradi baa bten preerved. The mansion, parkI and domain- of about I.t00 a,res.will he Fold together, and the re. nialuder of the esale will be offered In convenient lota. Particulars-. with plans, may be obtained of Me-sra. Anderson and Shioubiflde, Grayo'.LicW-ii-ied Mgesrs. C. J. and H. Whishaw, solicitors, 8, Grys-inn-square: of Mr. Stafford, Belford ; at the Auction Mart; and of Rlears. Bealdel and Sons, 25, Gresharn-strest, London, B. C.. of whom orders to.vlew may be obtained. Smnbury, leadlerex.-Veydral Reidnt1 Esat,wihPi sure Gares ant vauable PAstue Lond. 3PSRS.BEADL and SONS wfll SELL by M E CIION, at t e Mart. Bartholomew-lsine, on Tuesda?, Augustll, the very desirable FROEEH-OLD RLESIDENTIAL PROPEIRTY, situate at Sunbiury, and known as the Cedars. Theo houEese ubatantIallybrick-built and contains every convenience for a large family: thu ple"asure grounds are well laid out with shrublberFwalks, and there aretwveyroctv atrsithra:th whole cotiigF.s .4s. n omn ot opc n]dlgt fedreidnc -itisinth cuatnd SOfS theaRevR.B re Kielin-4 tilt MicbbyaeOTINma t nexat, Botcls wt itorpi ln aytho omh- hold Eaate, g eat tith re known as Sberentone-wood.enid Farm, situate nthevila e o rhesidence, onitha hnighbroa fomt b irming-on eSRat eadEL and27a3r SONS hav predceived min-d lank, ondon,onlTuedayi thqoccupaionda of August ~ar superio yealy enat, tih veylowrant' of £4114 per aunum.butwbo Is under notce o qit t Ldy-aynext. Also, In a separate lot, an Enclosure of Feehld rabe Lin', cntaining Is. Ir. 28p.- situate about a mile fromthe illge o hsatone, In the occupation o1 Alr. Jorin Boot, a yearly tenant. The estate is well situate lor railway rommunicatien, within a short distance of several good market--, and In the neighboarhood of Birmiogham and other maAnufacturing towns, thereby finding areadveao for agricultural produce of all devcriptions.psartku,lars with 11thographlo plan, may be obtained of Messr. FReshfields ae Newman. solictors, Bank-buildings, Lothbury; of Mlr. Carmichael, Tamworth; at the Auction Mart; and of Messrs. Beadet and Sans, 25, Gresham-atreet, London, R.C. The Hylasos-parkEsae nesr Celmsaford. SIr SsRS. BEADEL nn ONS are instruoted to .iVtoffer for SAL,E by AUCTION at the Mart, Bsrtholomew-lane, on Tuesday, August 15. In lots, the MANSION and PARK, known an Hy1ands, with Snaxtons and Elms Farms, and severed plots of accommodation land in the immaediate vicinilty. Further par'tlosulars will be given In future advertisemtents3 and printe particulars, with plan.,% will be ready, in a few days and may be had of Mlessrs Barker, Bowker. and Peake, sulicltors 1. Gray's-lan-square : at the Mart; and of Mes3rs. Beadel and Son, 25, Grr shsm-streetI B.C. Tottenham, 3liddlesex.-Preiminar Adverttsement,-oCapltac Free- bold Residence, with Gardens andx Eeveral Fields of Accommodation Land, eligibly situate, within a short distanoo of the High-street, Tottenham. MESSRS. BEADEL and SONS are instrtucted to Il SELL by AUCTION,in the mouth ofAugust, in four lots, a very desirable FREEHOLD aud laud-tax redeemed ESTATE, situate In White Hart-lane, Tottenham. Lot t will comprise the anbstantially. erected and convenient Familly Ieteadence, known as Mloedle Villa, aappreached by a carriagei drive from WVhite Elart-lane. and standing In themidst of a garden Laid out with exquisite taste. ornamentol with fountains, goldfish ponds, and a variety of American and ether exotic plants of greant rIs and beauty ; aso a capital walled kitchen garden with vlnery, hot-house greenhouse, me!on-pits, do., stabling, andal other nmeesry ont-bun i~dn s the whole occupying an area of nearly two accres. Loin 2 and 3 ass Petnlstures of valuable Accommodation Pastuire Lsnd, containing 6acres. And Lot 4 a Plot of Garden Ground, In the occupation of Mr. Richardson, fronting Church-road. Particulars, with lithographio plans are In couie OL~ preparatlon, andI may shortly be obtained of Mfessr Iletley, Paq' a and WVlgg, solicitors, I, Lincoin's-inn-fieldis ;of Messes. WValte~a Son, solicitors, 36, Easinglialistreet; and of Messrs. Beadel asi Eti land agents, 25,Gresaliamstreet;, Landon. Beckhaus and Waiworilh,-LeaaeholdEtae,friesmn or occu- pation. MESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS wMl LV. SELL by AUCIlsON, at the Mart, on Mronday. August10, at 12, in five lots, by order of the Tru'tees of tne Secoud City of London Buiding Soclety, FOUR DWELLING-HOUSirS, with grudens lone with coach-house and tharee-stall stable), being Nos. 1, 13, 14, and 15, York-teorrace Queenx's-road Peckaisa. near Et. Mars's Church, in the occupation of leassrs Johnson, Heggie, and Weld, held for about 60 years, at moder-ate ground rentsn; also a email Dwelling-honse, being 11, Flood's-terrace, Beresford-atrees-. Walworth, in hand. held for about 38 yearsa. at £3 IOs. per annum. Printed particulars may be had of G. W. Marsden,Eso, 37, Queen-street, Cheapside - and of Messrs H. Brown anid T. . Roberts, 22, Throam'orton-street. hia0k, irixton.-Four newly-erected Unfiihe ilaRsdecs ~JESSRS. H. RW n . A. ROBERTS will .L.SELLby AUCTO, tte at,o onday, August 10. at 12. in four late, by ordeofte orge, four em-detached VILLA RESIDENCES, situat ontenrhsd 1t. John's-road, Brixton, Eachhouse Is approahdbaprtcenac, and contains seven bed rooms and dsessingro,othgrndforiig,ran,ad breablfait room, and reddmsi comdaini h aeet Iront garden, and garde ntera.Tehue r elarue and require but a moeaeutytornr thmftfrocany AsEoparate lease will bgrnebytef eehle o ahhue o term of about 99 year amegodrntf 12 pranm ioe paticulrray be had o T. WV. Badd, Eas. 33. idodro;ado bes.srsH. Brown and T. A. Roberts, 22.Thomrn.te. ak Valuable Reversion tor Moneyfin the Fundls andLife P-olicy. RSSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will BV. ELL by AUCTION, at the Mlart, on' Monday, Auust 10, at 12, in wolos, y rdr f te ovgaeen te IIOLUTE REVIiIf- lady I her 0th yer; alo a Poicynfrl£de in the Ntoa rvdn solcitr, 4. lulot-an; ad o Mesrs 11 B own land TA.Roeas-,s 1LR. IT.C. STEVENS i wilsl ue SEL b ncud A OIONth AV AEat his great Room. 38. King-street, Covent-arden. THIHSDY wTh 2- tinch,Iians, Inch arnder ofInchpowerttuios, and a oltrerau.ni o aaRas. . The VE S instu etcs7 shortuntiosnce Nwit onvieW. WrL&S,wil EL, YwCIll ox h SELL isby , 2UC TrON monger-la Room C 38pid , on ieng-street, o5vent-axee follwin5a D&Xa JuOly1,K 1nTRD o f an Optre cisely, Ph itoblaMISELLAEOUSCOLeCtTIkeN, comprisinDgophtical,mahematcamerasyiandlene, astroonomical.n cabintsoframineppralstussls ushrtell,brs eggs,birdsy in ecases,disy enotr- omotlomgic halabjinesadone fdortetgs, lagemuicalbo, br olred figures, tetiLcwopabalroeetlerytcins,motoeso May. bureyvoweadth drayi priorlsexan d morningof Valeancatabloge Fr hold.Poet nte so teTohptcans, at embrslof SwcieantiFicngstittons, pouigandeotherof S1 .O TEVENS is inrClfetea wth SEL. W. AU ,Twill a EL G brwyAUCThang-le,Conrthe Pr'ni Tuesday,Irn monger-lKane, Prchelssids n fiednerci, Anhe foll auGgfoltblown dy at lnfer!,byaorde of the Proprestor rliaPtnquishin,buindeess, wthe couab hosT,OtKbing,AD ofasr and Opticin an dr and orichaophi alntrument-e makr coprodu Ingaoptical,pe mathemail.cynLot2 .cal,phitlooehidce,an miletalurgy hrulpieasurhydrounstandetics, ivenaisboptics,e ado.;tlescpes,uttlorgsop tesTbarometes,staei thermm ros,aurler'adnd dro awing to-intment, magedicangtonetu and i5 prsolvng vews pot3Two erfuleneosal badtingtery,amodei,caitllahe togdethert withatheM pe nnumIshofitures Andufttings,Scomprisngdciremrs, hlo , handsCtig 4omelate-g lossc ases nesptsofndrwc,rs,desks,gtools pater aons, ward-L-tch an D onumros caaogusesit balt-ousn the Prmies;a r, J. C.atevens,h 18. gin-street,t h cptheTalmarestatoampton-ifn Kingtnohms.ton,tbproonetu areta ofpe £3uum0 peranm land-tax laredeemed. fafteprhs-oe a Crookd3.lt c.STeVeNS isstrderected HR-tet o xtSE LLdb to EL b AUCTION, at Garrawayy'sClanga loendChahyl,o Tuesd3.ay1, on ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~e. the banks of the Tae tHmtnwc,Mdisx ihcah hose talng pesuoan kthe aren,an rcar,aloete North-Western, Ferdinand-street, H[ampstead-road, and within a s bort distance of the joint Statioas of the North-Western aud Blackwclt Railways. 1IESSRS. M'ILAREN and SON have been favoured liL with instructionp from the Proprietor, who has takon otber premises in the conntry, to SELL by public AUCTION, on Monday, August 3. at 12, (unless previausy disposed of by private contract,l tTe valuable LEASE andPOSSEBSION of tho above WINEandSPIRIT EBTABEISHMENT, replete with every domeslc and budness convenience. The premnies, which have been recently built of the boat materials and workmansSip, are situate in a respecteblo workirg locality, now doing good ready-money busines, capable oF great Improvement, and hold for an unexpired term of nearly 90 years, at the nominalreat of £el per annum. Particalars, and conditions of sale, had of Messrs. Pownall, Son, and Cross, solicitors, Nos. 8 and 9. StapleInn, Holborn ; at Garrawy's ; on the Premises; and at the Offices of the Auctioneer, 119. Great Russell-street, Bloomeabry. Xvery large assembinge of capital asecond-hand Furniture, Piano'tiJfortea, of every kind, Chimney [glages and a variety of useful and ,:-.and oraame ntat misacellanles. ,E9SBRS. OXENHAM wvll SELL by AUCTION, '.AV.at their Rooms No 353 Oxford-street, near the Pantheon THIS DAY, at lt fey li iu;ctually, the capital second-hand furuitnr6 comprising fourpot, Arabian, and secondary bedsteade and hangings with the auppopriate bedding, winged and plain wardrobes, drawers, washltands, do.. walnuttree, rosewood, and mahogany drawing room, diningroom, and library chalr sotas, oonches, and easy chairs, 100, card,occasional and tets of duini tables, cbimDey and Dier glasses, pedeotalandenclosed sideboards, bookeases. grand, piecolo, cottage, and cabinet pianofortes, by Brmadwodd and other makers of note, cbandeliers, carpets, paintings, engravings, china, glass, tho domestio requisites, and numneros effects. Blay be viewed on Thursy and morning of sale, and catalognes had. No. 6Z, Glocester-place, Portman-sqnsre.-Superlor modern Furniture andEfl'ectp. MESSRS. OXENfAM will SELL by AUCTION, on the premises on Thumday next, August 6, at 12for 1, the superior modern FURNITUTRE, includiog two drawing room suites, one inwalnut-tree,zth otherin rosevood,covered infashlonableohintz wvith curtains for fear winiowe enusite, chimner and Pier glaaoee threo console cables. Ioo, card, andoceaslonal tabie',Brussele and other carpets. In the dining room will bofound anobloeset ot dlungtables l2a nd hwo elbowf mahogany chairs, podesinl sideboard, do. The bedl ebambuer furniture of the usual desersltlon, the domnesti. reqtuisites and numerous effects. MTay ho vieweda on Wednesday and mnorning of male, anadeatalegnesas halso ae NIs ,.eb,e' J s, 3ez Oxfor Jl FeeatEaalb , , Plocadilly.-rimi.class Leasdhold Investments, arising firom Noe. 45, 46, and 48. thre moet capita andaubstantiWLHousev, withfihop, I front of the Albany. Ri B ROBI-NTS is initruote4by the M'ortgag'ee,"u'nder' full power of Wale to BELL by AUCTION, a.tihe KiA,o Tbudpy Ao d.at 2,in threolots. THitE Sst.ral,sanadmroo sustnia jLNOHUdIES, with Shops. being Noa. 45. 4,nd 4 8, Piccadilly, in front ofthe Albany. the nlost con,Dlruotus andoligible port Of Ibis distloigulabedthorocghteua. The house, po3ssessexcellent accmmodation for famlies, a poaton of which msaybe let olffto grea-, advantage ; handhome ahopa, andprivate eutanrwfromthe A bW at the rear, They are Itt on lease, for which Premiunms were paid, to Mr. Jackson, Mresars. Ommaney and Butler, and hMr. 0. Webb, at molerate rente, amoubting to d70D a year sand aro hold for an wusepired term of 45 yease, at separate grouna rents amounting to £211 a year, offering, from their admirable siluetlonz, mcci unquestionable invostmsente to capitalists. Pastleularo may be had of Messrm. Roy end Cariwright, follsltors, Lothbury ; of Mesers, Aldridge and Bromley, solicltors, Southi-square, Gray's-linn; at the Auction Malt; and at Six. Robins' offices. Covent-garden. g,outh-cesoeent -and Stono-streot.-Tre moot eial LeaeodF. pecilesi for Jnveatmeost, and three gardor,s at the rear of hoss, ia * Beofrd.square. The ground nrento only nominal. R RO INS is directed by the MWortgagee, tunder M ulpower7 of sale, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, oa brda-us 0, at 12,Ic ix ilots, moot eligible PROPEftTIpE for I5V1SI,,EN,4; comonrising No. 24, Store-street, the corner ofSouth. crescenpt, eng the wel-known confeetioner's.for many years conducted by Mr. idding, whre erent is £85 a-year, held for 4kyearsat aground rent of £3 1Os. only a-ear; No. 25. Store-street, with extensive workehops at the rear, bil let to Mr. Bassett, builder, on lease, at £'2D a. year, and holdl for 45 yearsa at XI Os. 24. a-jeer; No. 2. South creacent, adjoinIng a capital house, with extra back rooms, let to Kessrs Wolff andEclsser n eas a £7 a-ea, bld(or45years free freom ~ound rent alo treegarensat he earof ec.24,25. k6. Iledford.sqnare amontig o £1 2. d. -yer,beig feeros grun rent. Parw-t anid Piccolo Pianofortes, pleasinR Psetures, Prints, Library of h3oses eight dozen of flue Wires, and Effects of theo late Rev. T. IL Halford: removed from the Residence, 2, Hanover-quere, a sae not being permitted on the promises. MjESSRS. ROBINS are Instructed by thle Exectr. .LtorStoSBELL by AUCTIION, at their Rooms, Piazza, Coventfarden. nTuesday, Aug. 4, and following day, at 12 for 1, tte excel- entHUSEEHOLD FURNIZUU RE, a few Pleasing Dictures by Peoter Balyers, De Voas, and other esteemed masters prints, library of books (about 1,000 vols.), elegantly bound, embracing the works ot the beat authors Cook's Hogprth. the3 Galerie do Florenoe, and other illustrsted works ; eight dozen of fine wrines, alaba,tez vasses and figures. Parisian man~tel clock, ornamental items, plated articles, china, andi glare, The furniture includes a drawing room raoewood suite in couches, chairs, revolving-roep ard,centre,and occaslionaltables, alft. dwarf lbibliotbeque with marble top, wined and pedestal dIO., a 61octave horizontal grand pianoforte by Kirkunan, a piccolo do., large chbimney andpiaer glasses, suspending lamps, neriuo French curtains, Si2mahogany chairs and lounging do. In macone loather, set ofi12ft. extending dining tables, a 7 ft. pedestal sIdeaboarcl, dinner wag4ong, a bandsomae carved walnut-tree peaestal bitliotbeque. a niahogaup bookcase, escritoire table, large Brussels and Teirkey carpets, nattogany four-poEt and Iron bedstead,, excellent bedding, mahogany pedestal garderobe,cheeta of drawers, andthe uaual bed clhamberarticles, kitchent requisites,k.. On view the day prlor, when catalogues maybe bad at the roomas, in Covent-garden, - No.. Wrwck ills,Adaloson-road Xesntu-~ Of 'the oleganandwel apoinedVilla, handsomei now Furniture ty Messrs, Huner,Colar GrndHiquare Planoforte, modern Breoghaio, built by oopr ad C., mall Service of Plate, Library of Books, Psilnts, Cloks,Aviry,Wins,China, GlaEs, se.c RO IS are <instruicted to SELL by lowing day.eny'reserve, the LEA,SE nf the elegant EliSIcompete- ftte upin Villar, Addison-road, Kensington, which is aUisminute dEtails andis in the most perfect ordr fr istnt ccuatin.Also the handsome anid nearly now Furniuefrthe drawing dining, and Iiedrzooms, together with the general conitents of the villa, o;lamental items, Collard's gand square pianoforte, and a nearly noew bcosghane. ~more doead advertise, msent.wt lohostly appear, Catalogues can be had In due timne of Thomas John Jerwood, Esq., 17, Ely-place, Holbmn; on the premises ; and at Messrs. Robins's offices, Covent-garden, ad ofdv n enmarble Ingreatvrey allpreu n ed 1iESSRS. RO ISwlDE Lb U TO ,a the .1sthir ooms Grea Piza1oet adn nTusa,Ags sculpture, suiotabe ouit lalrwn oos tesofals x peniv casute, ll trsss,blC= n eterlsi marble8,forddining ~j ESRS.DEBNEAM, STORR. and SON wbll iY.AS* ~ tat their Rom. ne-xteTHRCoEntgrEnTit DAY,'BLEo the31s int.,at t, plOtS,oe kn, &. w slCOIsENges, eiton sntatin beding crres ctlry,gun,Kingstolsean Ceafforts.an omrs Thre Dys Sae f Iootal tDneals Wgaa and dB636utrle aissiva Ancient and Mdem Plate, C rono meters,Watched,wand Other costis, effects.u arins,Ec wthDrolu 1.rSrs.ieyrNes, anTOghRa anld watOh beet t00olbeautfu necklratches ofOrientlpearls1g8 ngraishand61 continentaa makers,lades' and gentlemen's dressing-cares with silver fittings, 150 dozen Of plated spoons and forks, table cutlery, a ship chronometer by Breekbanks, table clocks; siver. Sheffield. and eleotro Plato; two gold senuff boxes, and other valuable effects.- 'On view. 43 ugtohl Frs-ls Laeod rnls, and the 7Stock In TroAde of a Silversmithb and Jeweller. MSSRS. DEDBENHAIN, STORR, and SON are J.Liinstructed by the Asslguees of Mfr. J7. Corsie to remove and SELL by AUCTJION, at their Rooms, ing-street., Covent-garden, oa Wednesday, the 10th 'August. and following day, the iSTOCK of FINE GOLD JEWELuERY, net with choice pearls,dismonds, emeralds, and rubles,- guard, neck, and Albert chains; anx extensive assortment of Sheffield plate, silver goods watches, and clocks. Aleo iOn the first day), the Lease of the Oiss!ss, held at a moderate rent, for about ten Years unexpired. Particulars of J7. T. Billing, Mut-, 33, Queen-street, Cheapside; and of the auctioneers, Covent-garden. Suvry.-alsse Lasehld stats. toewel and Southw.rL_ 1iESSRS AICLEY and SON are'directed to SELL M Lby' AUCTION, at the Mart, Lneadheonk Of Ehelayd, ont.3 athrdy Sept o'lc, altat motn FBHLEASROEHOLTETAE ebaTri Nostysquar, Nelngto-torace, nd Capha -roe e, nerteSwan, at 4 StOcw Paticlar to e bd 1 das pevoPcsila athe idsaleatnth Auctin Mat, Brthoomewlane cit; ofouters.Ge2,50 Armtrong,ar andawlngsey Sapei, aeond otbraof w ithsth aileyband.ion, of ,h LIM LLStheauctiFreeholdppoiated-byinthenai Surrey.t ara wab'sofe-oe,Cae-le,obiln Thursday t e 1thda fAuJCtioNxt at 2otheclMkart.nonon, n y HouEs,fRmAINgl Frehold Pnremcont,uwihe4dHuss In Chperan place,incudting theGirlaffe,Tavrn,anfedsxtehecovtofPeissa siddesiand raeartheproop:legetherof thonualaelN u, ees3abouatt£110, articularso toybe had,14gdatis prcein the saerat ThomsnandrSon,Mrt eoarthola0 omrn hlleeof nearthBank Rof EnglCandz; tIothbesrs. Teheof M pton Unrrar n, antohns2, odmn, 0,Astrfeiat Dtora?o of ess. Bai ley eardSn, 43 Wodt- ctreoelt, Bdod-city.tGrawysofe-ose oaUl-aU PiursanEtsto aulctioeer, heofg Court ofC"Itanbery,mdl aecano Judge o whos courtlbs sadcase tc,In attheo.-Bty Ti-r. WL LIA ELLS he ucionetercaptointELLb thesiyJde aNTIOaNr ways cffe-hus, Cane-ale, Coon llo Thursday, Auu th 12 15ltheda of ugst ex, t 1 o te crviulock,atebypinoon. tcb n m C~ FreehPOldPERemse, usedrasi aiv Chou pes l,t ro'olNo,s.n49tnfol,i the uclsv,oun tybofMiddlsiex late te proerty f oniceeNsh ee ased, Party toIcual Oarswhereo may b bad,grati,gof besss. Tomson and Son11,soicior, and 1 icornve bill of esss. Ry sadeCoftGravllaht e,utharty; oar Fle rr tolMosstar, 12, Go 1m4iset bocsswthora'-cousos;o a r. plaots of g ordthe latcent l giblefrdsarom athGar oionanda ppcoroe-heuse,foruhll;amedijt Wilim lls auto eer,no Nark-lan2-chambers6 icluity. ad1Gn ealuable Freold Eteate, e,IproducaitIng th ciyb 13out W dpe onnu the . ELLI iensdirected ao SiEspcalL bFre b AUC ION, amdl(it acc etabeofrs beanreviouslay bmaewde bypriavaeon tra ct,pan im 14rtantpiortoEheOsle, POPRTd de comtiepartisuIngsfivehousesawit scondtosorbtarnehouoes.Geinor.g14 to 156Incluive,tonrth east Lno's-ide. ofiH-Idd;datc parawty let ond las and partl tols M -annucal berau a wareous, ad sablig, ein No,h11mto114n11, and 118ancluiv End 3.0o h othsd KfGaelln,prl on le ate toheigrers flfis adtere He oanulb tenansa T-oren,tsmutn to. £1USHOL lattrver elgileurmdhigdrapoitironmandapproacheis,forammdirate binladicbngp oets, breing,Not. 2, diin tableainclusIe.oardii`1f6,iGnthesevralannu ooxal thenansuar ed ofoa respetableand responsibeolss andffecLMany be rswed,anding atayogbesvee bya eved. heocua 14 ay prortothesae,anddecritie artcuar wiTe S th plnsan andEfecs;alo 2 cre omCaret Champcagne , andin rtLv Barandy. B LOOK willSELL, at their Martot owau Lemenidnelulbesdrawn rom sie ar,and adD s-ofa th ihCu.to CihaHebor, md Tomo.w.a J.H oShnL 'NIjESSPRS. BULLOCK will SELL, vat the Mart. on LV.WednResday next, aLt 12 oclo in one lot,,aHIS andLESEHOLD09 nion-ergoet, Padinthwar, let towr.ekohn enabrtok at £247per annum.- beld foromte l eassesundexpredthetisho alof inhresr fov,Yrd01 yardeom18andetorksm In oupntreeeholle,atte. roesent ot of 0 M Pr. cAJ. Nolesri. Casttonand Ade,k daer,ondani's oltoers, 4at reghste, Smounth-et tak n d o fnutyo 0drn the auctIoneerwdow211, H agh BolYear. SMabellvieawehodsb Roermsterlando teddmgto;rnt,dpursatitolaDeree ofats yfMr next,e 1 t L 12, tatwnoilots, af HeUS yer and SHot' 4 HBnlle-street, Pa Hantov et-touare. Jon Sear9 o Caorlatn3 er auntin held os. ~ yeoarsnepied at1 £11; aloohrebouesYrdGe k,ody,Agshop InFoshol ,Rchesterlt toMr FACE o N-ew,len astadbokm erannd twoiothes trnsaonit £48glyper nnm,hld for 2 er nxie,a 1 er n ujc toaandcdionnu ityto £2 uigtelf fawdwld,ae 0ras vetet.Particulars to be obtained of J. Si Welghtwan, Boat-, so, lRaSteghall.street; at tho Mfart; and of the auctIoneer, 32, New Church street west, Edgewaro-road. To Engineers. Smiths, and others. A UGUSTUS SMITH is instructed by the Pro£3Apreltorto SELL by AUCTION, outliePremises, 104,3Broadwall Stansford-trteet, Blackrirars on Monday. Aug. 3. at 12 for 1, the' STOCK andb FXUiESofaShMENsSEHOP, including largepair of new org belows Icn bund oube frgeanvils,. liM, stocks and dies bag of exagn an othr nue. aoutfivo ions Of Oar iron. 40 bassof irol to of oopIron smll seamengine, amateur's lathe, twolthe eds,bagsof ails qumityo fies,cisily new, drills, gees andsmih'stons. nd anyothr tolstoonemerons to mention. Harb,In the North Riding of Yorkshire. six mlles from the market town of Remaley, 10 from Gflilg Station on the Malten and Thlrsk Railway and 12 from the market town of Thirsk. ESSES. iARDIVICK have received instructions to ELL by AUCTION, at the Golden Fleece Hotel, Thirak on x dayAuut3, at 3 o'clock In the aftemnoon, subject to condi~t ens 'whIchwll be thenuand there produced.a most desirble FREEHOLD I ESTATE, situate at Hawnby, in the North Eidiag of Yorkshv i together with the Adowmon of the Rector of Hawaby, also the ShootI Ing, fishing, and other privileges inrAdeut so the manor. The esatet comprm upardsof 61 acres of amable, meadow, and pasture land, divied ntosevmlconveniontl sized farms, with comfortable home. steads and suitable farm-b idougs: s everal ;oottass, a we'laccustomed public-house aud small holdings in the villge; als 60 acres of thriving and ornamental woodland, and the right of pasturage on Hawuby-moor. containing 1,147 acres together with the Advoweon andi Next Presentation to the Rtectory of HTAwnby comprising a good and very convenient rectory house, with suhool room, and sunitable farm-buildinge, garden, m3pwards of 28 acres of globe laud, and the tithe commutation for the parish- realizing togetbe, about £280 per annum. Hawaby Is pleasantly stuate, in a romautie dustilct, in th e mmediate neighbourhood Of Rivaulx Abbey and Dancome-park, and from Its proximity to the trictly preserved teoar and escioeddlandsbIGngingto Lord Fvevb~T and the excellent trout 1streams runn hoS h sae flb - iay nee I theoedmirersof picturesquesceery, and tothosewbo aroa,ttachete :field shorts The Sinnington and Mr. Boll's; foxboundst hunt te tachdtoin tugcoutr, ad her IsexellntgroseShoinmo anymo uae-et Household Farniture and Effecbt HIJR.OJi'JRER will SELLI bY AUCTIOX, oM X.i3Jthe Premhues,2. 69 ougtlm atreset,on Weonedsy,Auguets, ~atis 1 'lok he EUO [tUli Mat smOllEHOLDEi YUnai1TiUg E au woo drwing oom site, htmoe-g plae bchimneygier,oetou wa_t,~ Ira effewtd, Manbvwd cataoges haedLon d t hermies, imand at.asitp otebe sctoofles, In Warwick-.Custt Grayys*inn. bo-ailos nDnr'aquers.nd otheri -osetokilrde ofurue a ieI'a Houu-gasehol a mintinrs, Chna, Gfeasa, adEcs RC.F BER will SELL by AUCTION, at he MAuthoe Roomis, 29, Daought-stree. on WedueEday. August 5, at 101 fr 12, ta shole obuth neafKete OSEHOLK-RDA coRshTUHE anei bmead.mlldhuf, and other bsdstedfineose fether bedsvard beddin, hand-, sote rplewods.sl wirnge nd cheoner cftin paratob chimnewy-glases waubdiineng10,adother tQstab lalesrselswcarigpets,roesti reouisitel,fnrn effDg of glis e ve, and catalogues bad on theprRoome, and at iautlom s. oacinoffices, in Wa arekeourt, Grar's-inn. 1,cleto-suae,Pilioushl Furnitalure,hand EFurecturs, a iau MR. C FURB Itwil SELL by AUCTION, aGMhe the otxe 29,8,Chanclesto*qare. on Tbrcidsy. August 6, at 1 ifur 12. th sallv, butpr weglarlege~ STOOK-isnd-tbIAer cones, isbin oy b,oLede. miled, Ohxford appndaoter sunerapne lothes, beiron Fereech &oe Sothe bestaids, sl feathrps, and oberddins, fardrobe of nebable andtair baed linhtenwhof of thet uliy leradie' wnierigspprl chinoCasluseholdfur utires ofteile s.ual es iton Ma biewed the day Prpriorh zl, and mor-. nnofai,adctloguesa had at the BoomsEc, and at the aniohfce,luWrs,~k court., I WGriysick-aur.Gry- ccetionesuae,y mlco-apta ouehl Furnits,Hure,hOaildga- itreom uixteCotePinfreannueosEec. AiIR. 0. B willUSELL byAUCTION, onth PMsath mies, 7o91, Regentn-stureet on !riday, Augmt 4, at it Zi f2ureciste tbive, cyopriaengofare Brssgiels and moo.ther carpet, cobnandir orekbaut room TK funtue neats drlading.so ftheltins, editions E ethearhedee-s,u Cfae-athr eds anandnbddig Stting of hal Tano-ld tair- cauEe, wthtd wholtue Bofoth srantsbeoeice:cina. glase.As,olutesan clnRy uETEnsls MayROAewD the dayErio to th AlesdcaT loue TISe onAth preiers, and at theauction HoUfies,L inWrMcTURE allow-bandle's -ltoeLdst ocka ubcriptIo I irr,itditure, nixtures, anud mnumesbrous chtm bo otos.cnl Preloises,dNo. u12, fixtegnt-ndtee,o uodsvan, aust 2, ate nt ere-t th peetfcisetie.hyordersthe p ssognees, eda of-Mowyn,the abnvpe,osiutumg ofaboty 00vi.obovee;taook,gu nln h aessdatol nthe emiioses: modbeum Scrorksualghe fashioAbldernoel, a valbuablyclletin ;,of ten. grblamving,, clrenuwedpin-Ts,Iardadufamd ml ro fac Pltlur' apitald buiesfxFes oshlurniture,andonhers e R. ec SLA. Mab iewdsn mrcatalges of WMr, PJundg, vaqh%3 G isdal-cametrin fof busiess. oSEL Lawrec th?ew anzoemie, abolTors Orldg liewcr-hapbes oahnf, a. Wp earls, Editt. soictea or,he-r,bewrds, Lcpters.qbacks an t, thoeeactonold u iues, pianoWartewic-out Gra.ch - and Caeffteets Onrvewte-may rieorP and mornin of asaleo-Catanlogerj, HD ousbe hold.Pamtu7. Clooks,ende bgenerLica ea.Ae ae R.SELLTEHBODwl ELb UTO AET,tel',ea Juy3,a 2 hueu OSIOD~tbN kircen,tagnod, mol adItc, adls th eeica eroo h prmies hea d aM t theowerena o 69p ar,etlooeer,Oa2br doultrr. Posoftelante LS PlrE and urtrerotkers, an ohes ing. i raletiring ROmbusInes, vz.tohSeeL f theld Premiss,ua above enu Wednesda neo,st 12, wauinythuatresre the eodn-treePAt, Greem-c. prbultng atv crepe; mahndbep,a pReprigitto, atea be 0sforler, to dy bucpes bacs, 16, householdhburnbaturea, pianoforte, lt tionguce, aenndtefects On view mu hedayh priver and mouin bousane. Catgro~ues rent of 95 Ctf tordnHotrelt, Gravewcb etnd, Ben. 6.prweah 1IirESSRS. WARLTERS and ofoVEOY1 n prival LYA SELLto auHOdeDrY ouyf1 the OighNan 4;t707-oeNA.. iSnTS th linsen of utesiw of tshe br arid pantrie,- b tentance-hal_ kiorce, and Vculibnar epartmed, nt.fCatalotu Mrd.eah reTTurEdW PurhaErs) mayhe probtappinted onthortmisep:raedof the Auntionees Mar.Chancry-olane,W.lO. itectcLnon uzdyteIi. VOAdIN eehold- Seawd511PoprLietorIsad Hothers.n( _1 TaN CopolCotg,1tuein the Prmssopess.Rbins on RatndHaineWhar,reand, nothPaddington.ethIr DaY i.3p, Juy31et 12 for. 1 o'cloc, atho3 yexpesiv MACHIevfneRY leofa SeaGW MALd, comprising mouetldin_ aDweliabbtig-hmachines M. sawing frames and47 bes capnum. 2t hrA. steamengineand boiler,a twopoeGrfuel-pcartoburie.Jtlmberettatgon40 piansudeaLs, obou 290 fee Copbldings,aand vih ariou efect tr. Mayb, viewed, ardctalogupes badnu ozntedparemiseu;and atithe pansction boff bad7o Chnery- laune. n lw olitr,2,baklae;o os Me Ca Lwr oCKT and NAet,sliiosH wil SELL d'sbyU Grays-innON onTus, unt6 at she Auction Mart.;O em mig n Lrncen1,010iacres, oforeeod ;and tthe free,i asndescribed tnopre ious adertse,. nients Patclr,wt:ln and conditions,iomay, be broalthy hiones, Dat-Cliston., acn Valuable, a Freehod PandfoLe aseodgsates, Tat (a,reaenwirl lIR. MOOWNEN wWl SELL by AUCTION, nu h PromithesMr, on Morlnday, engut3,ate 012. thy WOre ofYte Eecu tor2o the tatine H.raey o eqt,eand otherL , deUR' d, thTU e foDrllow tohvlubeEteAPoINtbpeft¶yIE,izg., heroo ehornpldidwaliiut.woodbatilf fondlbops, most comabnet,Druystaei nd-tre,rewch fcrtel, agt £52; tande pMessracisadclcs. aoetant 1 is; oradleaseol. tenachts, gatrd19 poler,annum each; plaved lasehold houses andagreuna. slent ofa Li4,ode-tre, Creenwies let sirs. fido(. pr wee. eIasch bys,an ACT, oiItON, 16, tbedfrd-cow; MesUp yre aie n D cr, Jsenly 31 at Ith furt12 oreof sely SUcoer eo-et crprsingn tueroanOdr gofdan thler wHcighCourt fCaor,mn jetioo VieCa,rncellr Wod,ings,firelos, b r IIP lant,Bartholomuew-ae in the ciycW odn.n rdy h l of Augst tRpeDCiXselyAuas TH hnaCopesemideCotage dtate in thoed piaIDofEnOS,inhardi ten 17end, cnaining9tlbonethro7ad, Fiyroaldp,lt tieMr. Ennver Otate ;1 a EC ear. l;ot ev8 earlnls; reaofuMedo Land, conAutainingersofethcn New. 3, Op., lret. tud Unier JhnHil,-t-£4pr nu. o . P RcSo an,kw PAsGBr Gavenpt LEtS haver JohnfEveurett a tperanku, otSoln.A opTedyho AugtCttage, withwar,letsto Mr eohn Evretoutsl1 dipoed annumy Prinated partirculars, withgalarbans,fma hOhadTY ofMess Yungrd ofud arews, oliciteorsl2,daklane; iutof onsrs. .Lwrce prs, n oper, slciors,ands exldiv vJewy-csambers;ob Messrs. mlewdistan Woodmn Segtreet,ownIcittors, 6, Rthenond'th-hnlldie GReiwy'sin atd thre-AucrtirsofsnhMart;sOfides furrod aondo, thrne,I i ofesoliitors, Rfordth arUnd theU Pesienxesnn,clos lthbe obtaineam Ste. tonuland ofith pa auc tioeer,34 Poultry.pmma eotand 'Mei Ds.-Cisphernd uclse oltorsakne 56echurch,-tret~0 Londesed.. Furnture, Mr;anEad Pianofortpae, Bagatollestate Dresdenan saod evreos, Chinat, Brndes Coldock,g Ooneso ae ndotlo L dencej5,s and Meaortnl esraandlseLerpond THeS DAr, acantry thlebetstbedguosb ted dorawitsproom, priw ncipallubiy,waintod alsh!1 - and beaustery cabdicnets,o Dit~slandchiapaddck,aeEadpIn ] oT OWLBTTuusyladLNNY aobery-toiarnnoIuncet that gnlmR a R,dcasdKoEubmil SEL p bli AUCTION OIa t oMapl. Inn, Hreston,rs on Weoneday. August 3 at 12in wihouatereoon.-eu,n lo,allthe odemopro.wl-ul aOUE dOD subsIIUtantialeWood- dmrawi-. nown cainfltrsanead cotuch,ecimn teygacrlee,ofiWing-rooecair an.Mnt conc, inthe appndages of Sfivekbed rooms, bl wtab amle and ahis,kthen ofthe premies; and ofair.Parker, 1o, ParkE-plac, Livateroloas, dansiaigd-stret toke Not erfect ordradrparn.tereust macinVery-forgrandSivgr atchdes, S gver25atemtg ofcou rlani. pr wBeuchefa of Oina watrkmanb upwands f fashioanable thewpoweru. by bny othrCtION BUatrtdemirtRooms inr St. whole'of the. Tastsm compriesi ongueriotgod andl siler wsate he, silvemtrpate,fashionale ane wehe doubloes rintgs,ear L- vringles,ntriing,baceles modern binete btn reidewandcatalogetomm bugextnibad. eatfl iw o mes R.accmmdaioE;wih arXwalledi gten~a an yrd :a aboureta ie acrs of yxears;groun frtienteao £land,thoe whol offoe NwhiLhBobnd-street,andyUper aker-street.so hepmn esetW teat i.Roeigte Bacron. wbceatermi Bupilding Sithes. in%1 hAESSRS. PAGE ad LEES have bend faoourteosc j.YJ.withinstrctios toBELL y AUTION,at tetMat. pp thoPERTY,of upwrdsof10 aces of reehol land situteonffeea joiL'vninggcountry. Te rory c-LommanldsFeansive,40does,-ispabou ailway Pand three-qarSters ofteryhBuprio'abldefCutnleryad ;Thereisa - toffersrtesfo wthon eserecton fvlarsdne aeytb band-4 115 ESSRS. 'WV and P. C. BONHAM wfi SELls_ .LVJby AUCTION, at their large Rooms 19. Ntarylebmon-stce.,4 Golden-square, THIS EVENING, at 6, superi'or HOUSEHOLDFPU-. beds, eddn, cositingof four-poit, Arabtan, and ironpbFrnch be~dstcai bd,bd_gchest Of drawers drbs wahetads, dreming tab.eo- sidebad,crinsN, at6do-;ha smllstock of supeleriorimoryndtablo--L ITALIry, 40 CTURe suprio argtn al mIsae, ansvrou usfland mthessoflwheichs iuatem-ith ou ltrerv.Oviw and carv rms u tbralogus to broe ha e. aOnvie,w, Ond Taouesdhaydvnn et at the same hourDm, a 0stock amff, nitm in, abundanc-tet.-Coo oeto fCbntrcue~ 1ISR. GARCIA wiUd SELLbyAMiUCTION, asHboS vrous hole aundte Pimforeigschol,mny Celegantly oframedb, addete No. 57, eent Effects.Chwitholletio remof aie. itrs o w.E H IllS i SEL L b AUCTIO,Cas aovtOM M tePU 16 ttdTESDY, July 31, at 1Ia xedigycoeeCLETOUSF. 05 aciet an moem AINTNGS amngdhc il efus
