DEATHI5. Killed, or. the 31zt Aar. 'at Bareilly, Juhn 3Maclowail lay. Esq. II.D.. Clvil bturgmo.f thtt etation, younger .on ot the late Johu } y, Erj.Madras hiedical Service. Killed, at Cawepore, In General Wheeler's itrrenrcbrdrinempbere the capituoatiohe , Lieut. Chbofsorni,eoo, ot rtlery, ged ron Of T. E. Dlemspeter, late8ouperinte thug oreOvo Of the Caanpore Divieslon. Blieved to havedneep4 ehr,e Iti,regen.eiraieeSore a the °arne place. Jane, wifeto Q;thelaboean veoa.d d1'OgMrr of the late RO,. J. Bierrll COue S ife. Also, tir yog caof illren, Charreg, Wildarsi. Hienry, and anIfn o.oss Os os. On theIlith May. tLieut. a thE,on. lu y R. Adm ll. Eton. 74th erLgeI infantry. drowned lit Is believed) in the Junina, In escaiping from the nutluneers at D)elhi m aged 27. On the Sth June, Maijor JOhn MUit, Bern1 Artillery, who Wa drownIed near Fy7abad, while W.tetinilne to erespe fer.n the nstrhnonis Seroyn of the 17th Native 3 finaxy; also, on bteo, eth June, the idfant dangioter or the above. On the 20th Aug., In his 3et year, at Jsnctlla Bombay. nrO. Mortimer Knight Smiart, 0. H, etesnd eon of Mr. W. .'4imr.. IJuildfird 8urrey. On the 220 Sept., at tier reeideniee, Broke. De~von, flary ADn Foot, relirt of the late W;lllarn blzmronsen Foot, of timeos,iie 3 deeply regretted by all wha knew her.,id ae 3 On Tuese4aY, the 22Xl Sept., at Soltival'ach. In (lereany, Lady Mlary Anne Strarlan. the be-loved wife of John Cjha'ppell To,zc.r c-f Ciiffden, Teigonmouth,lrr, Eeq. On the 231 Sept.. at his reeldeuce, rroPpr:-.t,l,,rrace Reading, unieresil tpected and deepll regrettied, RepxA' mmiij Joia Allen, in his 70t year. On te 23 Sep., a herreeIen,e 24TalY.ug...l ig ath, aged 13. Sorab Wogof Tbrovee. relictrowtTeouEaq., of Castle Oleowue, county Kluldare, treLunid. 'gniuoe,Er. on the 25th Sept., at Edinburgh, Mary. the wifa of the Ilon Chiarles Langdale, KIt'. On the 2'1th Sepnt., at Bath, AuKustns Any,.tt, EFq., IsleO et the 4th Dragoon Onu&.Na, aged G., On the 27th SDt., Rt. R. Hzirrioun, Est1.. lat- ot Tanfield Court. Benchor of the Innet TeinlAe, agedl 80. On the 27th Sept,, Emitly, the wife of Mr. W. Mrarler. 2, PrIncesstreet, Ulanoverr.iuaxe. aged 39. on the 20th Sept., Julie Amnelia, the beloved wife of M1r. Wiimm pleld, Of Miz ltrr.L. On the 20th &Pit.. at; Upper Nomwood, Surrey, C,ire ulxi s. of Plaistow, &-Aex, formerly of Bristol, a4ed 70. 'alsTtil s. Onx the 29th Siepi., at hiz resIdence, Wray.parv,, Relit-e, John Wilson, Ecq., after a long oLLd Fovt!ro Illness, in the 41h le" yu.~ties age.
FOBEIGN INTBLLIGENCE. FRANOR. (FrROM OUR OWN CORPSPONDENT.) PARIS, SEPT. 29. According to confidential letters from Stuttgart, the unexpected arrival of the Ernpress of Rassia and the equally unexpected announcement of the interview to take place at Weimar have cast some slight chill over Imperial intercourse in the capital of Wurtemberg. Of this there seems to be no doubt, nor is it surprising. If the Empress of Russia was not well enough to go to Stuttgart when a prospect was held out of her there meeting the Empress of the French, she should have continued indisposed (however excellent her physicians may have pronounced her health) at least until the Emperor Napoleon had returned to France. It must be owned that there has not been much tact displayed in the affair; and it was hardly worth while to make friends by halves. The difficulty has been said te come from the Czarina; but, whatever the scruples she may have imbibed in her youth in that wearisome hotbed of absurd etiquette, a petty German Court, they would have yielded, it is to be presumed, to her husband's vwill and reasons of State. The matter has been altogether clumsily managed. If the interview on the part of Russia was intended or desired to be really cordial, the Empress Marie Alexandrowna should have kept as far as possible from Stuttgart, since it could not be made convenient to her arrangements or agreeable to her feelings to arrive there sooner, and with the view of becoming acquainted with the Empress of the French. Altogether some little constraint has been thrown over the much talked of meeting. The intercourse between the two Emperors is thought to have been more limited than was expected. The Emperor Napoleon is reported to have talked more to Prince Gortschakoff than to his master. NWith respect to the reception given by the German people to the two Sovereigns, it is stated, on "the best authority," in official quarters here that by far the largest amount of curiosity, cordial greeting. and enthusiasm has been for Napoleon. It is possible that Prince Gortschakoffs despatches home are equally positive in declaring that the largest amount of popular favour was for Alexander. An impartial appreciation must be sought in other quarters. It appears natural, however, that in the part of Germany to which the French Emperor has been he would excite a strong degree of interest, which he would probably heighten by an affable, pleasant rnanner. The interview is now over, and the Emperor has reached Metz, and will be at the camp of Chalons to-morrow night. The Empress, it is said, will join him there on the 2d of October, and they wiU both return to Paris on the 5th. Before quitting the subject of Imperial progresses and movements, I may mention a report which has just reached me, I that orders have been given to the Eastern Railway Company to make preparations for the transport of some great personages expected from Germany. The' inference drawn from this is, that the Emperor and Empress of Russia will, after all, pay a visit to Paris, and so obliterate any unpleasant impression made by the little game of cross purposes that seems to have been played at Stuttgart. It is herd to believe that the idea is wel founded. It would certainly, if realized, make it appear that certain great persons have great difficulty in knowing their own mind. The recall of Djemil Bey, the Turkish Ambassador,which, since the fall of his father Redschid Pasha, has been several times reported and again contradicted, is now believed to be beyond a doubt. Such, at least, is the intelligence brought by the latest despatches from Constantinople. Several persons had been named as likely to replace him, but nothing positive is known as to who will be appointed. An understanding has been come to between the French and English Governments with respect to the introduction of French troops into Pondicherry and the other French settlements in the East Indies. This might be presumed from the recent arrival out there of half a battalion of French Marines. The screw transport Yonne, Captain FranceHeu, now at Brest, is under orders to convey some MIarines to Pondicherry. There is a report of an intended conference at Vienna with respect to the settlement of the question of the Danubian Principalities and of the difference with Naples. The system of clasps, as adopted for the Peninsular and Crimean medals, will be applied, it is believed, to that of St. Helena,-a clasp to be worn for each great battle at which the wearer was preEent. From an interesting article in the Debats on the Indian question I make the following extract:_ " The deep sorrow which now oppresses Bogland is not without its oompensation. If the inteUigence brought by each maU of the atrocities committed by the Sepoys is heartrending, the nation has, on the other hand, just cause to be proud of the heroism displayed by its sons in these terrible circumstances. If England is injured in her interests by the inevitable results of the present crisis,-if herpride is wounded in witnessing the little sympathy created in the world by her misfortunes and the 511-dissembled joy of her enemies, she must also recognize in the warm discussons carried on everywhere on Indian matters the startlig proof of the high Idea entertained by her very detractors of her power, material resources, and moral energy. The Union, the Univers, the Gaze de France, and the journals which share theirconvictions, repeatinvain that the greatness of England is on its decline, but the'very persdstency with which they seek to prove this fact testifies to the little faith they place in their own vrords; they have mistaken their desires for a reality. The march of General Havelock on Lucknow or his retreat to Cawnpore, the concentratlon of the Dinapore insurgents or their dispersal, the arrival or non-arrival of Jung Bahadoor's Ghoorkas In the kingdom of Oude, are matters of very secondary importance in the general state of things which has arisen from the outbreak of the entire Bengal army. The question wiUl only really be modified when the English shaU have taken the field with a considerable force. Bengal is for the moment lost to them; their Government has entirely disappeared; and it Is not with 2,000 Europeans before Delhi or 1,500 men under Hlavelock that they can hope to reestablish it. Those enterprises might even be censured in a certain point of view, for they Iead not only to the sarifice of much money, but to tLat of many precious ltves. But if these enterprises are acts of folly, the foly is generous; and we should pity those who faUl to perceive how admirable is the audacity with whiqh theEnglish aim almost at the impossible, in order to save their countrymen from the hands of barbarians-in order to forbid that It should be said that their country's flag had turned before the enemy.11 It is reported here that, in consequence of recent persecutions of Europeans in Madagascar, a combined English and French expedition against the Queen of that country is not improbable. Although this would doubtless be a matter of no great difficulty in a military point of view, the dangerous climate, which in many parts of the island is almost inevitably fatal to Europeans, should suffice to deter froma such an undertaking, unless it be deemed absolutely necessary. It is doubtless in a great measure owing to the climate that no permanent European settlements have been formed in Madagasear. The French had some mereantile establishments there for more than a century, but the Hungarian adventurer Beniowski, having endeavoured to render himself independent of France, in whose service he had gone to Madagascar, was attacked by the French themselvee, killed, and the establishment broken up. After 1815 the French again occupied two or three points of the island, but abandoned them in 1831, after a disastrous war with the Ovas, one of the most powerful of the Madagascar tribes. The official report of General Desvaux on the Artesian borings executed in the Zahara of the Province of Constantine in 1856-7 has just been published by the Moniteur Algrien, and is not without interest. A civil engineer, a sergeant of Spahis, and a detachment of soldiers of the Foreign Legion suffice for the work, which commenced early inMay, 1856, inan oasisof the Oued-Rir. This first essay was most successful. On the 19th of June aperfect river, yielding 4,01.0 quarts of water per minute, at a temperature of 21 degrees, burst from the bowels of the earth. The joy of the Arabs was indescribable. The news of this miraculous gush of water, so precious in the desert, spread rapidly through the country. 2eople came from afar to see the spring, to which the Marabouts, with solemn ceremonies, gave the name of the " Fountain of Peace." The soldiers who had wrought the seeming miracle returned to Biskra without a single sick man, although during the period of their labours the centigrade thermometer had often marked 4t6 degrees in the shade. Two other 'oorings were also successful, but the supply of water was much less abundant-the first of the two wells, which received the name of " Fountain of the Benediction," yielding only 35 quarts a minute from a dept4 of S4 metrtl; the Acond, 10 qurtis At the depth of 58 metres. The gratitude of the Arabs knew no bounds, and they showed the most friendly feeling towards the slender detachment of soldiers, who lived among them for weeks and months together, et long distances from the French garrisons. In the oasis of Sidi-Rached, which was totally unproductive for want of water, an Artesian well, known as the " Fountain of Gratitude," yields at the depth of 54 metres no less than 4,300 quarts of water per minute. *When the shouts of the soldiers announced the gush the Arabs sprang in crowds to the spot, laving themselves in the welcome abundance, into which mothers dipped their children, vwhile the old sheik fell upon his knees and wept, and returned thanks to Allah and the French. At Oum Thiour a well, sunk to the depth of 170 metres, and yielding 180 quarts a-minute, was at once taken as the centre of a settloment by a portion of a prevously nomadic tribe. As soon as the water appeared they began the construction of a village and the plantation of 1,200 date trees, and entirely renounced their wandering existence. According to General Desaux's report, these Artesian wells are likely to have a most important influence on Arab life, and greatly to subdue the roaming propensities of many of the tribes. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at GSf. 10c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 91f. 60c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,397f. 50c.; Great Northern, 895f.; Strasburg, 700f. ; New Shares, 685f. ; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 880f. ; Western of France, 720f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 645f.; Great Central of France, 608f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 675f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 915f.; Austrian Railways, 67Sf. 75c.; Roman Railways, 495f.; Russian Railways, 513f. 75c. Cours Auentique.-PARMS, Sept. 29.-Cash PricesFour-and.a-fralf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 91f. 50c. 25c. ; Three per Cents., 68f. 20c. 15c. 10c. 15c. 10c. 15c.; Bank of France, 2 820f. - ditto (550f. paid), 2.820f.; Credit Fonicer, 562f. 50c.; ditto Obligations of fCCf., Four per Cents., 423f. 75c. 420f. 4~2f. 60c. ; ditto, Three per cents., 395f., ditto, Tenths, Foar per Cents., 85f.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 915f. 917f. 50c. 920f. 915f. 920L.; Piedrmontese Five per Cents., 90f.; Austrian Five per Cena, 90f.; Belgan Four.and.a.Hslf per Cents, 992 Ronans, 87 86i; Spanish Three per Cents., Exterior Debt 40!. E:cchange on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 20c., money. 2Sf. l712e. three months, paper, 24f. 85c.; mnoney, 24f. 822c.r.- AIUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWN COUE5PONDENT.) VIENNA, Sxvr. 26. After the Emperor Francis Joseph has met the Emperor of Russia at Weimar he will probably go to Berlin to see the King of Prussia, whose health is by no means good. No mention has been made of the circumstance in any of the public papers, but it is known to the diplomatic world that His Majesty a few days since had a slight attack of paralysis, and that something of the same kind oocurred two or three months ago. Indisposition Induced King Frederic William to decline to go to Stuttgart, and indisposition will, probably, prevent his going to Weimar to be an eye witness of the reconciliation between the two Emperors. At the beginning of August you learnt from me that His Prussian Majesty had, when he was here in the month of July, endeavoured to make peace between his Imperial nephew and the Emperor of Russia, but had failed, because the Emperor Francis Joseph was not inclined to take the first step towards a reconciliation. It appears that the good-natured Monarch continued to mediate between the two Emperors after his return to his own capital, for, some seven or eight weeks since, Prince Alexander of Hesse wrote from Berlin to say that his Imperial brotherin-law would be happy to meet the Emperor Francis Joseph. Baron Budberg also brought from Warsaw a miessage from the Emperor of Russia to His Austrian Majesty, and it is believed that he settled with Count Buol that the meeting between the two Sovereigns should take place at Weimar. On Wednesday, the 23d inst., Bron von Egloffstein, who is Master of the Horse to the Grand Duke of Weimar, arrived here, and formally invited the Emperor Francis Joseph to honour the Grand Duke, his master, with a visit. The invitation was accepted, and on the 1st of October the Emperors of Austria and Russia will meet on neutral ground. It is always somewhat dangerous to indulge in conjectural politics, but I cannot refrain from expressing my opinion as to the probable result of the meeting of the Austrian and Russian Monarchs. At present no intimate alliance is likely to be formed between Russia and Austria (and Prussia), but it is very probable that they wiUl agree not to allow the Emperor of the French to bring any and every question which may in future arise in Europe before a Paris Areopagus. England, Austria, and Prussia long ago recognized the Emperor Napoleon as the legitimate ruler over the French nation, and the Emperor of Russia has now formally recognized him as his equal in rank. In short, every concession which the Emperor of the French has a right to demand from the European Sovereigns has been made by them, and he will perhaps do wel to " repose on his laurels" (auf seinen Lwrbeeren rulien). Russia, Austria, and Prussia are tired of the preponderance of France, and will eventuaUy coalesce if the Emperor of the French should endeavour to maintain his present system. The Paris papers will probably assert that the French Cabinet has long been aware that the Emperors of Russia and Austria intended to meet; but it is credibly related that neither M. de Bourqueney nor his Government knew anything of the matter until the day before yesterday. The amnesties granted by His Majesty when in Italy and Hungary were not so complete as was at first believed. Many refugees have applied in vain for permiasion to return to their homes, and in several cases no reply was given to the petitions presented. Complaints are also made that the estates of tha political offenders have been so badly managed during the last nine years that the annual revenue and expenditure have been about equal. Now, if these complaints are well founded, the proprietors of some of the estates will be in a most lamentable condition, for they will be totally unable to pay the interest that has accumulated since the year 1849 on the various sums for which the property is mortgaged. A few days since the Count and Countess Trapani dined at Laxenburg with the Emperor and Empress, and on the 22d they went down the Danube to Pesth. Prince PetruUa, the Neapolitan Minister, also dined at the Imperial table, and was treated with great kindness by His Majesty, who is well aware that he has always counselled his Sovereign to satisfy the Western Powers by voluntarily making some changes in his system of government. Yesterday there was a "C arrousel" (kind of tournament) in the cavalry camp at Parndorf. Deeds of arms were done and feats of horsemanship executed by a certain number of oflicers in a ridingschool which had been formed for the occion in front of the Imperial tents. To-day there is to be a steeplechase. The last manceuvre will be executed on Monday in the presence of their Majesties, and the camp is to be evacuated by the 1st of October. Yesterday there was a grand manccuvre in the environs of Wimpassing, a town on the frontiers of Austria and Hungary, where a large corps of infantry and artillery is encamped. Both the Emperor and Empress were on horseback, and the latter proved to the troops that she has great powers of endurance. Her Majesty remained in her saddle very nearly seven hours. After the manoeuvre on the 24th inst. their Majesties dined with Prince Esterhazy at his castle in Eisenstadt. It is said that the Minister of Finances is firmly resolved to sell a part of those domains which are now in the hands of the Bank, in order to prove that the cession was a reality and not a mere " shamr," as is here believed. An ultra-Catholic correspondent residing in Rome gives a lamentable account to the Cracow Czas of the reception given by the Romans to their Sovereign. The cardinals, clergy, and ernploygs behaved as was to be expected, " but the people were cold, and even hostile in their behaviour." The streets were occupied by troops, as it was expected that Mazzini was in the city, and feared that his party might make a demonstration. The correspondent, who rails in good set terms at the Romans, says that they are the greatest democrats in Europe: "The traditions of heathen Rlome and of the tribune Bleuzi are mixed up in their brains with Mazzinist principles. Their hatred is not so much directed against Antonelli's Government as against the temporal power of the Pope, and they probably would welcome a red,-nay, the reddest republic. The Romans are very nearly as great heathens as they were before they were converted to Christianity, for their religion is mere outward show. They knowv nothing of tLat gigantic historical figure Gregory VII., but they arc) well versed in the history of Brutus the assassin. They still swear by B3aochus, and by the blood of Dlana and Venus, and wrlte and put into xvlKion satiros onw tho attblw4r otC!.
MILITARY AND NAVAL INTELLIGENOB Welearn by electric telegraph from Liverpool that the transport sailing ship Lord Raglan arrived at Bombay on the 27th ot August with the left wing of the 33d Regiment from Port Louis, whence she sailed on the 14th, making the paasage in a little over 12 days. The right wing had previously been brought up by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Pottinger, after a passage of over 14 days. Yesterday morning, in consequence of a telegraphic despatch received at Chatham from the War-office, a draught of the 83d Regiment, numbering 20 non-commissioned officers and men, left the provisional battalion and proceeded to Cork, where they wiU embark on board the Caloutta steamer for conveyance to India for the parpose of joining the service compantes of that regiment in Bombay. The Abeona steam-transport arrived at Portsmouth yesterday morning from Gibraltar, which she left on the 23d nlt., with the foUowing troops :-1 sergeant, 14'privates, 2 women,and 2 children of the Royal Artilery. One man died at sea on the 29th of September. Lieutenant Tnrner, 11 privates, and 2 women of the 2d Battalion of the 1st Loyal Regiment of Foot; Lieutenant Cassidy, 1 sergeant, and 6 privates of the 31st Regiment; 22 privates, 1 woman, and 4 children of the 48th Regiment; Lieutenant WaUace^and 10 privates of the 92d Highlanders; and Assistant-Surgeon Kllroyd, of the medical department. The City of Limerick steam transport arrived at Portamouth yesterday with the following officers and men from Jersey :-Captalns W. Lyons, A. IL Palmer, and F. H, Pender; Lieutenant L. R. Parry; Ensigns G. A, Shegog and Hlenry Bathe; 8 sergeants, 2 drummers, 4 corporals, 112 privates, 14 women, and 17 children, of the depot of the 5th Fnsileers. The City of Limerick also brought Captains G. Renny and J. J. Wiliams, Ensigns W. Baylis, A. H. Sharp, W. H. S. Pigot, H. D. O'Farrington, W. Clarke, and T. M. Warren, 9 sergeants, 3 drummers, 10 corporals, 86 privates, 4 women, and 40 children, of the 73d Regi- .ent. A considerable augmentation has been made in the strength of the Provisional Battalion at Chatham by the arrival yesterday morning of the depot companies of the 51st Light Infantry and the 94th Regiment, from Pembroke garrison, numbering upwards of 200 non-commisdoned officers and men, with the foRowing officers :-Cap. tdin H. B. Honson, Ensign E. hI. Crowe, and Ensign HL Chambers, 51st Light Infantry; Captain H. L. Cafe, and Ensign W. Clegg, 94th Regiment, On arriving at Chatham garrison both the companies of the above dep6ts were attached to the 3d battalion, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel C. Elmhirst. A further increase in the number of the Indian troops at Chatham, to the extent of nearly 1,000 officers and men, will take place in a few days by the arrival of the dep6ts of the 6th (Fusileers), 18th (Royal Irsh), 33d (Duke of Wellington's), and 98th Regiments, which are ordered to join the 3d battalion at Chatbarn garrison. Yesterday the officers and men of the depOts of tho 19th and 83dRegiments at the Provisional BattaUon moved from Chatham barracks to the huts at Prince Henry's bastion, where they will be quartered through the winter; the o1st LightInfantry are also to be hutted. The dep6ts of the 43d Light Infantry, 64th, and 86th Regiments likewise marched from Chatham barracks yesterday to Brompton barrcks, where they are to be quartered with the troops of the Royal Engineers. We have Malta letters to the 25th of September. They announce the departure on the afternoon of the 21st, after only 48 hours' stay at anchor outside Valetta harbour, o Admiral Lord Lyons in the Royal Albert sorew-steamship of the line, accompanied by the Princess Royal and Centurion, for Corfu, whence they may be expected back about the 20th of October, when, if nothing of importance irL the Mediterranean calls the squadron elsewhere, it wil take up Its winter quarters. Her Majesty's screw steam corvette Ariel remains at Malta, to convey any iespatehes which may arrive for the Admiral, and the Wanderer and Vigilant, screw steam gunboats, are left to carry over to Cagliari, for telegraphic communication to the British Government the summary of the Indian and China intelligence. The European and Australian Company's steampackets the Vanguard from Marsellles, and the Tamar from Southampton, with the mails, arrived at Malta early on the morning of the 21st The Sir George F. Seymour, Bermudian bark, with returned convicts, arrived at Spithead yesterday. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Commander J. W. D. Macdonald, from the Perseveranoe to the IUrgent; Arthur Thomas, master, to the Virago; Richard Thomas, Master additional, to the Ajax,I for service in the Orion; Henry Yorke Slader, Second Master additional, to the Cyclops; J. A. Messum, Paymaster additional, to the Pembroke. THE DILITIA. Captain Charles Kemys Kemys Tynte, late of Prinoe Albert's Hussars, son of Colonel C. J. IL Tynte, i.P. for Bridgewater, has beon appointed to the colonelcy of the Ist Somersat Militia, vacant by the death of Colonel Viscount Hinton. The 6th West Yorkshire Militia will muster to-day for 21 days' drilL The drilling is expected to take place on Skercoat-moor. The staff of the let Royal Iancashire Militia has received orders to recruit for 44 regiments. The 2d Regiment of King's Own Staffordshire lhlitia was embodied on Monday last, when the majority of themen assembled at the Star Barracks at Stafford, and yesterday they marched to the driliground at Rowley, where they were exercised in the ordinary field movementg. The regimentconsists of between 600 and 700 men, and will speedilybemadeup to 800. As soon as the training is completed the regiment will be removed to one of the garrison towns for active duty. The Hon. E. R. Lyttleton, hi.?., son of Lord Hatherton, the Lord-Lieutenant of the county, is the Colonel of the regiment. The Royal Berkshire Militia liwii assemble this morning at the Forbury, Reading. The recruiting has been very sucoessful, and billets have been issued for the accommodation of 700 men. Thestaffiscomplete. The Royal E-thorne Light Infantry, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mturray Prior, will sssemble this day for embodiment at Uxbridge.
THE GUARDS, THE LIGHT DIVISION, AND THE MfBED JIDrE. TO TE31 EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Colonel LAndsay's letter, in which he so bitterly complins that I have mistaken his Christan name, has just been pointed out to me; had I not overlooked it I would sooner have apologized for my involuntary error, to which I cannot, however, attach the extraordinary importance that Colonel Lindsay does. I founded no argument upon the gal3ant Colonel's name, my object in writing being to assist him in his proposed object-viz., " to draw a fair comparison between the service and claims to reward of the Gnards and the Light Division." Colonel Lindsay inconsistently deprecates entering into controversy with anonymous writers. Had he not replied to "Nemo" I shonld certainly not have replied to him. The beardless lads of the Light Division are now fighting for the good cause in India, and it is not for us at home to tee them defrauded of honours which they have so hardly won. No word has ever escaped me depreciatory of the Guards, who have always, in my opinion, shown themselves to be as good and gallant soldiers as any of Her Majesty's other regiments, but no better. If they seriously claim to be superior to the rest of the army, they must expoct to be answered by those who feel their claims to such superiority to be unfounded and their privileges far too great. I know the power of the Guards at the Horse Guards too well to smin myself otherwtie t,han Sir, yotur humble servant, OUTIS. In my previous letter Major Calthorpe's Christian name Was accidentally misprinted " Samuel" instead of " Somerset." I really think Major Calthorpe has a greater cause of complaint than Colonel Lindsay. I again apologize to both. How is it that Colonel Lindsay has no word of reproof for hi1m 9
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your edition of Saturday you give an interesting and valuab e list, taken from flhcacr's Overland Vc2vs, of transports which have sailed to India with troops; but an erroz has crept in with regard to the 19th Regiment, there stated to have sailed in July in the ships Alnwick Castle and Whirlwind for Calcutta, the destination being Point de Gale or Madras, the latter to be, I believe, tho port for further orders. I venture to trouble you with this correction in order that the friends of the regiment may not be misled. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your humble servant. J. R. SCARBOROTWITT less Agent to Her Majesty's 19th Regiment. Crosby-hall Chambers, Bishopsgnte, E.C., Sept. 28.
SoUTAHAMoN, Sept. 30.-The Union Screw Company's steamship Celt, Captain Cook, arrived here last night from Liverpool, and has been taken into gravin i o leaves to-morrow morning for New York, with a larg number of passengers. Orders have 'ceen received for 250 earhailed, Sheih leaves this opotrt for Aexandria With th out a ml on n The 15 th ofbarlOctgober; ishe wmill also take oust 70me surgen. The Erpeaninua and Oinrieanta Company's steamsehp Couombo, Captain Field, wohich leaves on Siunday with the india and Chinat mails will also Qmbsrk troops at oult 70tgosQh Pnnna n rina opn'
THE DAY OF SOLBMIN FAST. The following is the form of prayer to be used in all chiurches and chapels throughout the United Kingdom on Wednesday next, being the day appointed by proclamation for a solemn fast, humiliation, and prayer:- " THE ORDER FOIR MORNING PRAYER. "tj The service shall be the same with the usual office for holydays, except where it is in this office otherwise ap. pointed. " r Let these sentences of] Scripture be read before the exhortation:- "'O Lord! correct me, but with judgmient; not in Thine anger, lest Thou bring me to nothing. *- ' I wiUl arise and go to my Father; and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against Heaven and before Thco and am no more worthy to be caUed Thy son.' " Instead of the Venite exultemus,- God is our refugo and strength; a very present help in trouble. " *iTherefore will we not fear, though'the earth be moved: and though the hiUls be carried Into the midst of the sea. " ' Though the waters.thereof rage and swell; and the mnountains shake at the tempest of the same. " ' The Lord of Eosts is with us: the God of Jacob is our refuge. " I For I will not trust Inimy bow; it is not my sword that shall help me. "'1 will say unto the Lord: Thou art my hope and my stronghold; my God, in Him wiLU trust. ., bor it is Thou that saiest us from onr enemies: and pattest them to confusion that hate us. " ' The Lord shall give strength uato His people: the Lord shall give His people the blessing of peace. Gh' IGlory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. "1 I As it was in the beginning, Is now, and ever shall be: world without end. Amen. '1 Proper Psalmis, IXXVIL and LXXIX. "First Lesson, Daniel IX. Verses 1-19. "Second Lesson, Acts XIL Verses 1-17." " CoLLECT I?oR TuE DAY. O Lord, raise up, we pray Theo, Thy power, and come amongst uIS, and with great might succour us, that we, who are justly punished for our offences, may be mercifaUly delivered by Thy goodness, for the glory of Thy name, throuIgh JesuTs Christ our Saviour, wrho iveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world with- "¶I After the prayer in the Litany (We humbly beseech Thee) read the two following, instead of the prayer in time of war and turmults:- " '0 Lord God Almighty, who orderest all things both in heaven and earth, look down, we beseech Thee, on us Thy unworthy servants, who tarn to Thee in this our time of trouble, when evil and mieguided men have risen un against the Government which they were bound to defend, and have brought wasting and destruction upon our Eastern dominions. We confess, 0 Lord, that in many things we have deserved Thy chastening, and have failed to make that return which Thou mightest have justly required at our hands when Thou hadst granted sucoess to our arms and increased our wealth and power. " ' Bat 0 Thoe who hast revealed Thyself as a God for. giving iniqtity, transgresdon, and sin, we pray Thee enter not into judgment with Thy servants who now humble themselves before Thee. Let us fall into Thy hands, and not into the hands of men. Defend, we beseech Thee, our countrymen from the malice and treachery of the sons of violence who have risen up against them - rebuke the mad. ness of the people, and stay the hand of the destroyer. Cast Thy shield, 0 Lord, over any of our brethren who may even now be ia peril of death, and let their lives be precious in Thy sight. Direct the counsels of those who rule in this hour of danger. Toach the natives of British India to prise the benefits which Thy good Providence has given them through the supremacy of this Christian land ; and enable us to show more and more, both by word and good example, the blessings of Thy holy reiigion. May those who are now the slaves of a hateful and cruel superstition be brought to lay aside their vain tradi. tions, and turn to Thee,the only true God,and Jesus Christ, whom Thou has sent. And so, if it be Thy good pleasure, establish our empire In that distant land on a surer foundation than heretofore, that we Thy people, and sheep of Thy pasture, may give Thee thanks for ever, and show forth Thy praise from generation to generation. These and all other mercies, we humbly beg, not for our own worthiness, but for Thy love, and through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Son our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen. " '0 God, our refuge and strength In every time'of trouble, mercifully receive these our prayers and interces. sions for onr armies now engaged in defence of their Sovereign's rights, and of the lives of their brethren, who are in peril through violence and treachery. Be with them, webeseech Thee, in all their trials and privations. Let them enter into battle with hoarts full of repentance towards Thee, and of faith in the Lord Jesu Christ; and crovw with success their courage ia their country's cause. Pre. servo them alike from the pestilence that walketh In dark. ness, and from the arrow that flieth by day. Relieve the sick and wounded with the consolations of Thy Blessed Spirit, and support the fatherless and widows in their afflic. tion. Grant that all the sorrows and trials which are endured may work together for the overlasting welfare of those who suffer them. Hear us, 0 Heavenly Father, for the sake of Thy dear Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.' "¶ Then the General Thanisgiving, to the end of Morning Prayer, as usuaL Tssx Comsumox SERv iE "¶1 After the Prayer for the Queen, or instead of the Prayer for the' whole state of Christ's Church, let the foltowing be used :- "$'0 Almighty God, we beseech Thee of Thy great goodness to receive these our prayers which we offer unto Thy Divine Majesty in this day of necessity and peril. Morcifully forgive the sins whereby we have provoked Thy chas. tisements, and grant that the judgments which Thou hast sent may work in oar hearts a more lively faith, a more entire obedience, a more constant endeavour to conform to Thy goodness i maintaining tranquillity at home, in proserving us from intestine commotions, and in granting a plentiful return to the labonrs of our husbandmen. Look withaneye of pity and compassion upon those who have been suddenly thrown into affliction by the calamities of tneir friendsandrelatives. Visit the fatherless and widows with tho consolations of Thy Holy Spirit, and enable them, under the burdens which they have been called to bear, to lift up their hearts towards that heavenly kingdom where pain and sorrow, and war and hatred, shall be no more. And as Thor, hast commauded us to love our enemies, and to pray for them that despitefuRly use us, have mercy, we beseech Thee, oven on those who have shown no mercy, and whose malce and cruelty has turned to sorrow and mourning the homes of many families in this land. Deliver them from the blindness of that idolatry and superstition which has encouraged their murderous rebellion. Turn them from the gross darkness which now covers them to the light of the everlasting Gospel, that so our present calamities may be overruled to the promotion of Thy glory and the ad. vanoement of Thy kingdom. Hoar us, 0 Lord our God, for Thy goodness is great; and according to the multitude of Thy mercies receive these our petitions, through Josus Christ our Lord. Amen.' " Collect for the Day, as before. " tl For the Epistle. Jeremiah VU. Verses 1-7, " The Gospel. St. Luke XIII. Verses 1-5."
THB LATE TA VISTO CK ELECTIOS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-In The Times of the 28th inst. the following paragraph appears in the letter of the chairman of Mr. Miall's committeo to his Grace the Dnuke of Bedford:- " It having been asserted that your Graes views had been isreproe. sonted by Mr. MialU supporters, Mr. R. 8lemau called upon frArthur Ruasell's committee to produco a copy of tho oorrespondence betwoen ?r. Bryce IMichell and the Duke of Bedford, theu in the possession of Mr. Artbur Rusell's co=mittee; this the chairman, bcting under the advice of Mr. C. V. Bridgman, attorney, doelned to do." I beg to state that the correspondence between his Graoe and myself was neither in the possesdon of nor seen by any member of Mr. Arthur Russell's committee, nor any other elector of this borough. I am, Sir. your obedient servant. W. PRYCE MICHELL, Tavistock, Sept. 30.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMR& Slr,-May I ask the favour of your inserting the following in your next impression ? On my examination yesterday before the coroner as to the cause of the late accident on the Great Northern Railway I used inadvertently, in reply to a question from a juror, the word " velocity" with respect to tho effect on a greater and lesser weight running down an inclined plane, mstead of "momentu; " the question involved was not one of importance, but my having left unnoticed the mi6statement of an elementary fact would justly lay mo open to criticism, I anm, Sir, your most obedient sA "-t GEO. WYNNE. - I -: - J5oard of Trade, September 30.
WORKLYG-CLASES' SiSInDE HOLYDAY.-The Rev. Joseph Brown, the rector of Christ Church, Blackfriarsroad, whose name is associated with several of the leading charitable societies In London, and the founder of two exceUent homes, the Orphans' at Ham, and the Servants', organived a sea-side holyday to Brighton. The exctrsion took place on Tuesday, under the supervision of Mr. Brown, whose pleasure it has been for the last 13 years to afford his parishioners a day's healthy and innocent recreation. at consisted of not less than 1,600 or 1,600 persons of both sexes and of all ages. The hour fixed for departure from the London-bridge terminus was a quarter to S o'clock am., and for f nU half-an-hour before that time the wholepariahof Christ Churchseemed let out, andto be pouring into the station in one continuous stream, so many men, women, ar.d children vere entering and taking thoir seats in a train of not less than 20 third-class carriages. AU of these being fiUed to overflowing, the train started at the appointed time, followed by a sec!nd and third equally crammed. By 8 o'clock aU the excursionists wrere safe on their journey. On arriving at Brighton, which occurred ab about half-past 10, after one or two long and apparently necessary delays of the train, the excursionists separated into various parties. The most interesting ceremony of the day was the distribution of a few of the good things of this life to 300 poor old people, whose ages varied from 60 to 91. They were all presented gratuitously with tickets for beer and tea-the former they received at 1 o'clock, and the latter at half-past 3-tobacco and a pipe to the old men, and snuff to the old women. With the tea were presented cakes and buns. After a day passed in the greatest harmonv the whole party returned in safety to London-if not al, at least the greater part wending their vay to their homes with clear heads, light spirits, and cbcerful hearts, and all the happier, the better, and, perhaps, the wiser for their excuxsi9A tv° Brightn.-(fo,
THE CHRISTIANIZATION OF INDIA, TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMFES. Sir,-The religious questions involved:in tho re. settlement of British India when the present rebellion shal have been put down present ao much difficulty that to call the attention of thinkdng raen to the matter cannot even now be premature. On the wisdom of the measures which GQvernment may see fit to adopt will depend not merely whether we shaU retain that enormous territory as a part of our empire, butwhat I humbly conceive to be a far more important question-whether out of the calamities which have taken place there is to spring a progressive improvement of the moral condition of the native population, ending we may humbly hope in a aincere and conscientious adoption of the Gospel; or, on the other hand, a stern and fixed resistance to the spread of Christianity under any circumstances of physical and intellectual develop. ment. To purchase an imaginary security by the prohibition of all missionary enterprise in the country, however it may be called for in the frenzy of the moment, is an idea too shocking to be seriously entertained by any British statesman. It would not be too strong language to describe such a measure as a national apostacy. At the same time no candid inquirer can doubt that the indiscreet zeal of some official persons has combined with carelessnes and indifference to native feelings on the part of others to generate that monstrous panic, so incredible to a European public, which has ended in the dissolution of the Bengal army. Englishmen in general, habituated to measumr everything by ):Izir own standard, have not the least suspicion that religion in an undeveloped sBte of society, like that which exists in British India is a totally different thing from what they understand by the term; and the confusion of thought produced by calling the two things by the same name leads to endless practical absurdities. In the view of the Hindoo, political institutions moral maxims, social habits, and the worship of the gods are all inseparably intertwined, or, rather, are actually united, as the branches of a tree are united with one another in the trunk. It is the aggregate which constitutes his " religion,"-that to which he is reltgatus,-that from which he cannot untie himself without relapsing into a mental chaos. The keen logic which WVestern Europe inherited from the Greek philosophy has analyzecl this complex whole, and the distinctions between morality, positive law, and personal religion, once traced out rith labour by the intellectual giants of their day, have now become the common portion of ordinary men among us; but the pro. cesses by which this result has been achieved have not yet entered the circle of Oriental thought. For the belief of the Hindoo (if such a term as belier may be applied to a mere adhesiveness) there is but one foundation-tradition. Now, what happens when any view belonging to Christianity is introduced to the notice of persons so conditioned ? Let us take the case of an intelligent and candid Brahmin conversing withan inteIllgent and well-informed missionary. The course of discussion must lead the two to see that their modes of thought belong to entirely different metaphysical systems, and that they attach entirely different associations to those elementary notions which must be grasped before they can discuss religious questions on any common ground. The whole mental apparatus of the one or the other has to be pulled to pieces and reconstructed before a fair issue can be joined between them. The obvious consequence is that they separate, with little or no approximation to each other's views, but stiU without any diminution of respect or friendship for each other, and possibly even with some augmentation of the latter. But suppose, instead of such a pair, a military officer-the most striking representative in a ERndoo's eyes of the power to which he has always been accustomed to yield implicit obedience-inspired by the desire to appear before his soldiers inthe character of a proselytizer. Re puts into their hands a book, which he informs them possesses supreme authority. They look into it, and there find doc. trines of which they very imperfectly apprehend the connexion, but still perceive that they are altogether alien from the habits of thought and action in which they themselves have been brought up. The impression of distrust and anxiety thus produced is folowed up by personal exhortations of which the tenour is to disparage whatever custom has clothed with reverence ia Hindoo eyes, and to represent its immnediate abandomnent as a matter of paramount duty. Is it wonderful that the amazed Sepoy should view the new demand made upon him simply as anew exercise of authority on the part of his commanding officer ? No doubt such a mistake appears impossible to a European, who would spontaneousld understand that the appeal was sply to h1i conscience; but this is because a European knows what the individual conscience is, and what personal religion is-matters of wlhich his swarthy comrade has never dreamt ; while, on the other hand, compulsory conversion, which to Western apprehension involves a contradition in terms, seems to hinm the most natural proceeding in the world. The above remarks may, perhaps, appear discouraging to some of those who have at heart the noblest of causes-the Christianizing of the continent of lndia. But it is always well to look facts in the face; and, after all, Orientalism has Its promising side. If the Hindoo is hard to move in religious matters because his creed is so closely bound up with all his habits of life, then, conversely, if his habits of life become modified the religious creed wiUl begin to totter, and, as the disturbance extends, will in process of time fall to pieces. When the hour arrives the missionary, who has been content to possess his soul in patience and confidence, will reap an abundant harvest. Each Christian community will form a centre, towards which the loosened elements of the dissol-ing system will gravitate freely. With the future which we may anticipate for India. under those improvements which a more enlightened policy will suggest and a stronger grasp allow, there is, however, one dark fear-that. pending the consummation which is awaited, injudicidus zeal or intemperate fanaticism may succeed in making the name of Christian repulsive to every other cla3s cf the community. I am. Sir. vnrr,' r8hArn .A.ni A HERTFORDs.rRR TVfrTIflrr Soptember 29.
THE LATE FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE GaRRB NORTHBRN RAILWAY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As I was a passenger and also a sufferer at the timQ of the late accident on the Great Northern Railway, pehaps you will permit me to say a few words on the subjoet. It Is not my intention to offer an opinion merely, but to state what I saw. It so happened that I occupied a seat in the third carriage in the train (No. 44), which was the one that first went off the rails, and which was literally smashed to pieces. Just before the accident I was looling out of the window watching the progress of the train, and I distinctly saw our carriage go off the rails asif it had been shunted, and approach the edge of the enmbankment. I belheve no breakage could have taken place either to axle. tree or wheel without my perceiving it, and I feel convincod that the catastrophe wvas occasioned by the velocity at which we were going. The preservation of my life was most providential, as I was thrown out of the window as the carriage descended. I am. Sir. vours faithf,jlh CRIES BIRD.
THE AADRAS FUSILEEI?,% TO THE EDITOR OF TErE TIMES. Sir,-In a speech at Glasgow on the 23d inst. the get historian, Sir A. Alison, is reported to have said as follows :-"The Madras Fusileers, a British regiment, ahbeit new to fame," &c. Now, the words which drop from such an authority go forth to the world as truth personified, but history asserts that famoe and the Madras Fuslseers have been known to each other upwards of 100 years, and were first introduced on the fields of Arcot and. Plassey, and have kept up a cordial intimacy ever since. Read the foUowing records on their colours:- " Arcot, " " Plassey, "Condore," " yndewash," "Sholingur," " Nundy Droog," "Amboyna," "Teromato," "Banda," " Pondicherry," "M&hidpore," " Ava," "Pegue." Their motto of " Spctamur .Agcrndo" has been sady nullified if the above glories are unknown to fame. Their gallant brethren in arms of Her Majesty's 64th and 78th, so highly and deservedly spoken of by Sir A. AIlson, chronieled as also having won their laurels In the two Indies. Sir A. Alison has inadvertently stripped tho wroath from the Aladras Fusileers, -BAY(417f Sept. 26.
JUIONEY-MABXKTa?id CITY INTELLIGEN CE. Wednesday Evening. The funds this morning opened at a relapse from the sudden rise of three-eighths per cent. which occurred yesterday after regular hours, the report which had then beenx circulated of the receipt of additional and very favourable news from India having proved groundless. The market remained for some time without material variation, but later in the day, after the receipt of the Bombay advices, the accounts from Delhi seemed to inspire confidence, and an Inprovement of a quarter per cent. was eatablished. Ultimately, a statement that the revenue returns for the quarter just ended would show that in every instance the receipts have exceeded the official estimates confirmed the tendency to increased confidence. The market was likewise strengthened during the day by the notification that, .a though 2,000,00(J1. of Exchequer-bonds were paid off in May last, there was a surplus revenue of 311,111l. on the year endinlg June 30, of which onefourth, amounting to 77,7771., will as usual be applied to the reduction of the national debt by the purchase eithe- of stock or Exchequer-bills. Consols for money were first quoted 89, to 90, and they left off with a firm appearance at 90k to 4 for money, and O0; to i for the 14th of October. The next account is fixed for the 10th of November, and the last operations for that date were at 90i to 1. India Stock closed at 209 to 211; India Bonds 24A. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 9s. to bs. discount. The extraordinary pressure for money yesterday appears to have been caused chiefly by the receivers of revenue having at the end of the quarter to pay over all the balances in their hands to the Government account, and the reluirements to-day have been comparatively moderate. The foreign stock-market has shown greater sotivity, but nearly all the transactions have been for investment, there being a general absence of speculation. Brazilian F ive per Cents. were nego. tiated at 102j and 10lj; ditto, 1829 and 1839, 101; Buenos Ayres, 81; Granada New Active, 21; Portuguese, 45 and 451 * Sardinian, 891; Spanish, 40i and 41; ditto New f)eferred, 26X; Turkish Six per Cents., 951 Dutch Four-per-Cent. Certificates, 1001 and f.; ditto for the account, 100 ; and Austrian, 81i. The corn-market was quiet this morning at the .Ates of Monday. The final quotation of the French Three-perCents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 68f. for both money and account, showing a decline of an eighth. The following letter relates to the affairs of a railroad which may be considered to ofier a final test whether undertakings of this kind in the United States can, under any possible circumstances, prove remunerative. Some years back the railways of America were conmidered to present all the elements of profit that could attach to such works. Their cost was comparatively low, only a single line of railabeing iused1'while the outlay for land was merely nominal. The population followed them, they created their own towns, and, unembarrassed by the existence of any previous roads, they could run from point to point with little necessity for deviation. Locomotion was a habit of the people, and the accommodation required, as regarded the construction of the cars and the attendance at the stations, was of the least expensive description. There could, therefore, apparently be but one result, and all these facts were commonly urged to show that the shareholders in companies in Great Britain, where the conditions were altogether different, must not allow their expectations of profit to be based upon a standard so exceptionaL But the experience of the past five years has altered the whole aspect of the case, ind while a large proportion of the Western lines have become utterly bankrupt, there is, with the exception of those in the New England States, scarcely an important railway throughout the Union that pays a satisfactory dividend, or in which there is any confidence that such distributions as take place are fairly made out of profits. Comparing the present market value of American and British railways with their cost, it would probably be found that the heaviest depreciation has occurred on the American side. The question has consequently been asked, can itlbe possible that railway enterprise In America has been injurious to the country, or that the people would have pushed it to the extent that has been witnessed if they had been unable to calculate it would prove remunerative? On the contrary, It is plain that almost aU the wealth of the nation has been created by these means. Such, however, may have been the case, while the rail'ways have been working at a loss. It is those who bave bought up the bordering lands that have chiefly promoted the various undertakings, and it Is in the advance of price from $lj to $20 or $100 per acre that they have found their dividends. The investor, looking to the railroad alone, has reaped nothing but disappointment, and it is this class in the Atlantic cities and in Europe that has been impoverished, while the Western speculators have realixed abundant fortunes. In some instances not only has the railway been thus made for the land, but it has been so worked by al the parties onl the line through a system of free passes, nominal freight charges, and other contrivances in favour of the local farmers and land jobbers, as to shut out all possibility of a surplus revenue. Latterly, owing to many companies having been brought to the l.st stage of insolvency, some of these abuses have been checked, and the present crisis will perhaps lead to a vigorous attempt at general reform. The problem will then be settled whether American railways, simply as railways, can be trusted, even under the best circunistances, to pay a dividend commensurate to the general rate of interest obtainable in that country by the employment of capital in otber ways. Meanwhile there is one undertaking-the Illinois Central, referred to in the subjoined communication, the proprietors of -which are placed in the true position of being landholders as well as railway constructors. Even this, however, is now at a discount, and if that discount is justifiable, it must then be impossible to escape the conclusion that there is no conceivable arrangement that can impart safety to a railway investment in the United States. The immediate cause of the existing price of the stock is said to lie in the fact of the company having injudiciously incurred a floating debt in order to avoid calls, and Hf this be the case the fall should prove only temporary. Floating debts have constituted the proximate cause of the recent break-down of all the otber companies, but in these there has been inherentunsoundness, andalsothe abseace of any power of self-preservation by falling back upon a subscribed capital of which only a small portion has been caUed up. The cost of the Illinois Central has beena b,700,0001., a third of which is owned in Europe, the principle on which it was based having seemed to render it one of the most attractive and secure of modern American investments. Thus far naothing has transpired to beget a suspicion that this view involved any erroneous assumption ; but the magnitude of the English holding should cause it to be watchedl with great vigilance, and anmong that portion of the European public who may be disposed to send their money across the Atlantic its stability or weakness will from time to time serve advantageously, along with other indications, to throw lig,ht upo the point whether any faith may still be placed in the financia conduct :of public bodies in that country. "Sir,-As a holder of American railway securitieg, I have to thank you for the wholesome observations which appear in your several notices, to which the panic on the Now York StoOk-Exchange has given rise. " Nothing can show more clearly the justice of your Etrictures on the danger of ' floating debts' than the case of the Illinois Central Company (one of those best known in England), which it may be instructive to consider. Trls company comnpleted their 704 miles of railway a year ago, at a cost, including expenditure to this time, of (in round numbers)about 5,700,0001., or not far from 8,0001. per mile. " Of this sum about 4,200,0001. was raised by their mnortgage bonds, and about 700,0001. by temporary loans- r ' floating debt.' "This company, as is well known, holds a grant from the Govenment of the United States of nearly 2,600,000 acres of land, of which they have already sold lands at prices 'which will yield nearly 3,000,0001., and aEsuming the same average value for the remaining quantity (which may pos- ibly bemore than realized, as with the growth of population the value of land naturally rises), it will yield ahout 4,000,0001. more, and these facts, leading to the enolusio that the sales of the land would eventually more than repay -the whole cost of the railway, appeared to instify the con- siderable advace which the abases experiened thina few monthg past, and the premium they still sustained when the condition of the New York money-market was riging everything else to a discount; the grow ing discredit there, however, brings on at last the panic which has been so vividly described in your numbers, and the directors of e nois Central, u able longer to carry on the floating diebt, are compelled to make a call of $10 per share at very ort aotiee-thi5 measure adds to the panc, and,as at such. moments people do not stop to reason, the shares go down to a discount, and the bonds are reduced in price. llee fin i theoas o ^oompany ownrg a roI d wbich cost .£5,700,000 "And holding lands worth ... ... ... 7,000 ,O0 £12,700,00 who have allowed themselves to be p laced, for the sake of carrying on a floating debt of 700,0001., in the position of being obliged to adopt suddenly a measure which has the effect of (at least momentarily) damaging the market value of their shares and bonds to the extent of three times that sunr. Had the directors sxr months ago taken the step they have now done, instead of striving to postpone to the latest period the necessity of a call, this great inconvenience to all and serious loss to many would have been avoided. Let those, therefore, who are disposed to venture their money in American projects inquire narrowly the amount of their debbi and especially their 'floating debts,' for in these last is zevidently a point; of danlger. *Sir, your obedient servant, "A CONSTANT READER." The estimates vary regarding the amornt of specie likely to be sent to India and China by the mail of the 4th of October, but according to present appearances the total wil be below 400,000l. Subjoined is a table of the fluctuations In the stock and share markets during September. The range of Consols, notwithstanding the exciting cbaracter of the period, has been only 11 per cent., but the result of the month's operations has been to establish a fall of & per cent. in addition to that of I per cent., which occurred in August. Meanwhile the Bank bullion has experienced a further reduction of about 650,0001., while the accounts of the Bank of France have shown an addition of 120,0001. In railway shares there has been heaviness proportionate to that in the stock-market, but Caledonian, Eastern Counties, and Great Northern, constitute exceptions. On the continental bourses during the month there has been a continued absence of activity, but the French Three per Cents. show a recovery of about 1 per cent. _ FLVCrUATIONS IN TESTOCK ArmND Sa&X X&LR DnURITa TrsI MANT rT RW qr-a- log" mne present position assumed by the shareholders of the Surrey Gardens Company and the prospect of their being able to make a certain number of the directors personally responsible for some of the liabilities incurred, is described in the annexed letter from the chairman of the shareholders' committee. " Slr,-As you have generously advocated the cause of the injured creditors and shsreholders of this and other comnpanies similarly situated, you would add to the obligation by informing them that some portion at least of the creditors are net without remedy. The committee of shareholders have obtained the opinion of Mr. Elawkins, from which the followidng is an extract :-'Those directors who personally authorized the acceptance of bills drawn upon the company, therG being no power conferred on them to accept bills, ma=y be made responsible in an action for deceitfully representing that they had such authority. (See " Polhil v. Walter," 3 B. and A. 114). I think also that if any bills are drawn upon the directors, and accepted on their behalf by the secretary, the directors who authorized such acceptances may be personally sued upon them. (See " Marr v. Charles," 9 Eli. and B., 978.)' " The deed of settlement of the company contains the following clause:- " ' That the directors shall not issue or accept any promissory notes or bills of exchange for or on behalf of the company.' " In defiance of this prohibition the directors have accepted bills to the amount of 20,6471., of which 9,7781. are now outstanding and unpaid. Many of the holders of these bills have made common cause, and have directed Mr. Flenming, the solicitor for the shareholders, to enforce payment of them from the directors. Mr. Hawkins has also given his opiniion that those shareholders who were induced to purchase shares in consequence of the directors having advertised that they had declared a dividend out of profits, when the concern was insolvent, can recover the sums paid by them from te adirectors. In other respects the committee of shareholders have not been idle; they have had the books Investigated by an able accountant, and will be prepared in a few days to lay before the shareholders a correct report of their proceedings, exhibiting such a state of affairs as will be a caution to shareholders how they select directos to manage their funds. They have also caused a meeting to be summoned for Monday next, the 5th of October, to remove the present direotors and to appoint others in their stead, and they also intend to examine these and other parties before tho court. "To meet the coming storm the directors have given sotice of their intention to raise 10,5001. on mortgage of the gardens beyond the sum of 14,5001., with which they have already charged the property, as appears by the affidavit of their secretary. This course the shareholders declare to be wholly illegal, and consider it to be merely a 'weak invention o' the enemy' to deceive the creditors and induce them to forego proceedings. Whatever the defence of the directors may be, there can be no doubt that they have entirely lost the confidence of the shareholders, and it is to 'Le hoped that the meetiDg will be spared the useless and indecent exhibition of directors voting to keep themselves in an ofiice for which they are manifestly, and by their own admission, totaUly unfit. "Your obedient servant, W. A. COOMBE, "Chairman of the Committee." The shipping returns of the Board of Trade for the past month show an increase both in the clearances and arrivals of British vessels as compared -with August, 1856. For foreign tonnage, with the exception of United States, there has also been augmented employment. The diminution in the demand for bread5tuffs will account for a falling off in American ships. Subjoineda-re the general totals Entered inward- With regard to the coasting trade the entries inward were 1,190,126 tons in August, 1855, and 1,049,238 in 1856. In the present return they are 1,102,208, including 4,654 of foreign. The clearances outward were 1,246,773 tons in August, 1855, and 1,148,176 in 1866, while in the past month they were 1,187,528, including 5,809 of foreign. The Dannebrog has arrived from China with 244,5001b. of tea and 33 cases of Bilk. The next Australian mail steamer,whichwill leave Southampton on the 12th of October, will take out 220 Artillerymen, and a number of medical officers, to proceed by the overland route for service in India.
B?AlLWAY AND MIXNIG SHARBS. Wednesday Evening. This being the last day of the account, the business transacted in shares was comparatively unimportant, but the market showed considerable firrnness. In many of the leadinjg descriptions an advance took place. On the other hand, London and Brighton closed at a decline, and South-Eastern were also weaker. Grand Trunk of Canada receded 11. In foreign shares there was a fractional improvement in Great Luxembourg; Royal Danish were 21. lower. The transactions in mines have been rather numerous, but the maraket generally shows some depression. In joint-stock banks, London Chartered of Australia advanced. In miscellaneous securities a reduction occurred in Peel River Land, while Peninsular and Oriental were quoted 72 to 74, being 21. higher than the last price. ORDINARY SHA8ES AND STOOKR
RAILWAY INTEBLIGENCB. WELT,TNhTTON ANrn V.VR.J TrTTVOrTA\T The half-yearly meeting of this company wab held yester. day at Wellington, Mr. H. Dickinson in the chair. The CuAiRmAN read the directors' report, which sited that the negotiations which had been entered into with the Great Western Railway Company had not been completed, but they hoped they would shortly be brought to a satisfactory conclusion. The works between Horshay and Lightmoor were stiU progressing, and it was expected they would be opened in about two months from the present time. The balance-sheet of receipts and expenditare showed that 39,6521. had been received from shareholders, deposit, and calls, and that 26,5237. had been expended on the railway from Auguast, 1853, to September 30, 187. On the motion of the CHt iMAN the report and statement of accounts were adopted. Mr. Dickinson and Mr. W. H. Darby, the retiring directors, were reelected, as was also Mr. Barber, the retiring auditor. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairmn,n DUBLIN AND lKINGSTOWN. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Friday in Dublin; Mr. J. Perry in the chair The report stated that the alteration of the gauge between Dublin and Kingstownh db completed by the Wicklow Company with a view to afford increased facility for the traffic. The contingent rentfor the past haf-yearamounted to 605,, being the proportion (30 per cent.) dne to the company of the excess over 56,000l, gross receipts during that penod on the Dublin and Kingatown line. A cal of 6 per cent. on the extension capital would be made in Februarynext, which would complete the callng up of half the new capital and enable the balance due to the Board of Works to be liquidated. Out of the 13,325l. available the board declared a dividend for the half-year at the rate of 4 per cent, on the paid-up capital of 320,000l., leaving a balance of 5626. for the next account The CHAiB tAN, in moving the adoption of the report stated that the Wicklow Company had carried out their arrangements satisfactorilywith them, and, in fact, the business between the two companies was transacted in the most amicable manner. The traffic had increased, and there wa8 every reasonto expect a further increase. Since the accounts ha d ben made up they had called in respect of the halfshares the sum of 15,0001., of which 12,00014 had been received, and paid in discharge of the 34,889&. due to the Commissioners of Public Works, leaving the balance now due 22,889l The directors would have the 15,0001. to be called on the new shares in February next aud other fands available, which would enable them to pay off the balance of 22,8891. due to the Commissioners of Publc Works, They would then be out of debt, with the exception of 70,0001. of debentures, issued at 4 per oent. interest, and it was entirely optional with the company whether they should ever pay these off or not. Unless the rate of interest fell very materially below 4 per cent. the interest on the debentures would probably remain as a permanent charge on the revenue of the company. The report and statement of accounts were adopted unanlmously, and the meeting separated. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Rless Pa. Mcr- Tota, Toka Railway, open. nse.d 1857. 166 I WAAk-s1n-S eDt 1T £- dnbnrgh nd Glawgow . 14 , - , , - . . 6385 .0 Week ending Sept. 20. great Northern ., . 2a. - .- .. 28,374 25.961 North Staffordahlr* . , 233 ., - . - . 8,192 -. 7,200 NorthDeyon .. ., 35 -35 Week ending Sept. 23. Mnage and Wavre.. .. °6 - .. - .. 299 282 Week endtng Sept. 26. COok and Bandon .. . .20 - .. - ., 31 .. 207 Week ending Sept. 27. ILondon%ndNorth-Westernt 637 ,. - . 6 - 7,546 , 65,497 Grest Western ,. ,. 465 , - , - . 31,502 30,359 LondonandSonth-Western - 12,549 . 4,183 -- 16,832 -- 16,863 ChesterandHolybeadt .. - .. - .. - .. 7,808 .. 7,572 Manchester, Sheffield, and Iincolnshlre§ . . 1735 . - ., - . 11,682 ., 10,013 North London .. .. 9 .. - .. - .. 2,3S3 ., 2,171 St. Helen' - - . - - .. - . 1,706 .. 1,631 The aboTe Is exclusive of traffio due under agreement with the London and North-Western Railway Oompany. t This return does not include the maffio ct the HIuddersfleld Canal, Shropahlre Union, Preston and Wyre, SouthJunction, and MancheF. ter and Buxton Rtailwaya, I Including the earnings of the steamboata and of the Moldand Carnarron brancbes. § Including half of the Manchester Souxth Junction and Altrinchaim receipts, GrlmsbY Dock duties, Sc, andChesterfteld Canal receiots.
THE CORN TRADE. COR1N-EXOHANG, WEDNZDAY, BEPT. 30 The arrivals of aU descriptions of corn. grain, flotr, &C.. both Britib and foreign, are tbid wveek very Umito. To day the wheat market must be quoted at Sully Monday's rate. B1DlO mailing barley is qalte aw dear aeon Monday. bat intferior IB diffict of eale. There Is not muuch doing In oats., bat fine corn Sr vworth quite as much mnoney as on Mornday; fo Iferior tbere Ib hidly any La'.. In flour there Is no altera. lion. Norfolke fetching full 40s. [rdla ncorn Is In good demand, and. quite as dear. Beans are fim. Peas are scarce, anD. quite as dear as on Monday Isaa HULL. SowT. 29. The weather dttring the week has been highl faTourable for pro. Paring the land for autnaun sewing, and of which the farmrs ar.e taking advantage by pusbing forward field labours with ove,y promlse of a good seed-timne, The wheat trade during the week has been steady, and the great decline quote in the London market hPA meSt with no response hele fertber than canning a dlll and reatricted Isa, and, in some istances. a slight reduction on new wheats, We had ab Moderate supply of English wheat at this day's market, Which was taken off by the millers at the extreMe rates of last week. and In sonmO instances Is.per quarter advance was obtained. Foreign In fair request, and beet qualities of Rrssia may be noted Is, dearer. Barley, for mialttng, supporta Late currency, with more inquiry for grinding qualities, Beans and peas scarce and rather higher. Oats unalterd in value, with a steady ale for flue parcels The following are our quotations :-Wheat, old white, 62s.,l 6&, to 6ft.; old red. 3&62s, ito 54s. now white, 60s. 623. to 65s.: new red, 55s. 57s. to COs per 50S1b. Foresign.-Dantlc. Konigs b Ceu . c, white (old), 62 to 67s3 ; Baltic and rxamburg, Upland red Bi35 to 59s. Lower Elbe and Friesland, 44s. to 45.; Danish and Holstein. 2s. 658.; Plter.burg snd Riga. sof, 52. to 543.; harley, maltiag, 44s., ifs., to 48s.; grinding, 436. 37, t sk ta. Forel Solgne std Sileclan, 36t to 403.; hI ol-tein andt Danish. 30s. to 323. ; gIding, 34s. to Ma.,: oats, old2Os. to SOs. perto 38 stone. Foreign-AroKangel and Rigs, t,1lt Dns th. is. O)d to 5s.lid. prtone. B6hoeans, £7old, 48s. to 5Os. old pigeon, 43s. ao falOs tick old, dOs.itio 7so gea, aforkinn breakers, 453, to 10Os;u grinding. 440. t iS.: tares (fo7r seed).iOn1s., 48., SOs.; foreign, 7s. dtn.~34s to er37tsne; Induiaoeon ;crn 33,to dO.; inseedf cakes £1 ruion, hd6asmpel toiv, foreign, as sol , at £a.; rie cakes, £6elsl to £dlOs. foregn, £65~ todite, bones £7to72seg. 65.t SHEFFIELD, Sgrw. 29. We had a far tsupplyofaill deseptonsoe of grain atthis dayrsmarket, and a. fair amount of btusiness was transacted at lest week's prices. Toe trade ruled exceedingly firm. White wheat, 23s. to 2sa. ; red, i9s. to 2-d. Gd. per load ; besaol 1Os. to 22a, per load ; peas, grinding, l7s.,to 193. ' ditto bolliugA18a.to 21s. ;harlay, grinding. SOs. to d1s. ; blaok ots, to lOs.; white. 2Os, to 355. ; Indian corn, 42a. to 41s Atete Rotherhd scntt hosa serday p10 boasts dearee, hiited 3,10 seepa bakdrandla s. Boglosbef 7s cheapsr Pi noth du andlerOats que.toO. Nol pern sonsae;.utn etqaiy 1.;I it,70 3d dtto, cattpe-arkl. ul priest weeobtainood or beef, and mutton:uc ewa engetedatshen foUregwhates wecurencies.pr quarte dbeaer, th an prices higher. Lsmbs In demand, ans pigs sold freely. Besats, 880;. sheep and tanmbs. 7,450. Beef, 6. 6d. to8s. 6d. pork . to Is. 9,1. per stone ; lsxuiton 6)d. to 7)1d. ; lambs, Old. to 7iA. pe, ib.
[Advertisement.]-Wyld's New Map of India.-India and Delbi-Wyivds New Map of India witih ltihb Cfril so-d Mfiliary Statlons, Tables of Distances, &o.; in shoet, 15s.: in case, £I. India, aho7ing the Prot Roads, Dawk Stations, and Ralw,ays; one eheet, SA.; in case, 7s. Cd. India and tbe Burman Empire; one abeet, 3s. ; in c3e., 55. IndIa. 4to. Is. 1* i case, 25. WVyld'l Map o. Delhi, witb the fortitcatlons, cantonment, kc. ; In sheetk Is.; Ln case, 2s. James Wyld, geograpber to the Queeon, Charlng-cross east, opposite Nor. thumbaertand-street, next door to the post-office, and 2, Royal Excharge. (Advertisement.]-The Kingdom of Onde and its Eing.-A general Interest, but now a special interest, attaches Itself to everything relating to India and particularly to the kingdom of Oude. btessrs. BRoutledge and 6e.. knowingtis, have just Issued a cheap and pooanlar edition of " The Prirate Lie of an Eastern iEtn," by William Knighton, Esq., with Ulustrations expressly desgned for th!a edition by lHarrison Weir, prioe 2s. In board", or In cloth 2s. 61. The Spectator describes tho degrading effects ot Oriental despotism as well depicted, bDth u regards the tyrant and bis3 people." Lioyd's Weekly Nelvs writes - Many a book with scarcely a tithe ot its sterling vate has been welcomed with flourishes ot trumpets, taken up and continued. We heartily reoommer d all to Peek the work It- el.it is full to overbrimmrlng with wood things." The Now Monthly Maseine sserts that Its publication throws snore light on the internal condition of India than aU the blue-books put together. London, Georoe Routledge and Co Fazringdon-streelt [Advertisement.j-I India,'1 by J. R. Stocqueler. The 16th tbousand of thbi book of the time" is novr ready, price eighteenpence In boards, or free by post for 20 stamps. It comprie an axount of the mutiny in the Bengtl army, and reliable lnformction on the Government, the various rontes to, and European life in India. Alzo, dascriptions of the prinolpai towns-Calcutta, Madras, Bombay, Delhi, Agra, Licknow. &. and practical advice on puchaloig the necessary outfi t suitable tceither rouite -the sea or overiand. "In this volume It hbs been the aim to oondense and concentrate all the information regarding the British Empire in the East, which is so osoen. tial should now be known by every one." London, George loutedge and Co., Farringdou-s*treet. LAdvertisement -" The New Uncle Tom Novel." A new vork Itby Mr. Frank Webb, entitled "The Garies and their Friends. with a preface by iMr. Harrlet B. Sto ee, and an Intreduotory notice by Lord Brougham, bhA jmnt been Issued, price eighteen. pence In boards, or free by port for 20 stamps. A ver3sextraordieary sale has taken place of thia work, two large editious bavion been nearly exhausted a few dass after Dub cation. The L W7w Gazette, In reviewing this work, describes the dramatic powardi. pYayed in it a% rmore true, in all esasntial ptculaf s to the Insincts and habita of the mixed AiMican race than oven "lUnle Tom's Cabin," andt reports it a much more remarkable book. A lirary ediMeon in crown evo., price 3. 6d., is also publishede London, George Beniledga and Co., Parringdon-street. (Advertiseinent.]-AntA ngratisdih toie " Dlsp h."-. On and atter Sunday, October 4, 1857, eacb oopy:i the "Diapatch"wi be aoompanlesl with a ooloured map, a chart. or the plan ot a pm elpai town, so as to furnih to each subscriber, srati, a moet oomirr hensive, oomples, and usetal Atlas. The FIzO of the engrraulas w IlU be that of one mge ot the newspaper. Six mass and two pbmmu or *ch yesr, wil be of donble tbtsi It ti bopedhn the comes or a e tort time, that the "DisDatch Atls" will contsin score names and positions of places tban an otber Englsha PublIcation of the ksA. The rOUDth e wst beogrTout sep , to *ad, whsle l r dhidad. 5RttstlM theuntiesourmol b,gIndve i ber ore coonratl Pvd cov pletely delineated, In a rszls of niro maps, this tu any Briti At) as, The names of Ike artist will be the best garantee for porkie acouracy. The engravgs will be In the bigboht style ot f r, izeselc r q a eAt of manay thoussds of pounds. le«ohanle intbltles, dciatonal eetablbh nosnos boWs, readttg.ooms, and c!oteebohm gwill, tD poe teting the "Disrateb Atlas" be supplied writh a da'.y want. The "Dispatch Atlas" wil be forwasdad pUs ehe ar er at tbo usal P c-d e cp,o d saee n ]ldof evef,lng edition may we cetea n te mst iatnt utsol be,Xr om n Eatatrda
TEE REJTENUE. The following is an abstract of the gros produce of the revenue of the united kingdom in the undermentioned periods, ended September 30, 1857, compared with the corresponding periods of the preceding year;- Increase and Decrease in tile Quarter, HAIf-yetr, and Year ended September 30, 1857 as compared with the corresponding periods of the preceding year.- Quarter ended HODtember 30 IR,57 An Account showing the Rtevenue and other Reeceipt.¶ of the Quarter ended Sept. 30, 185n the *A pia. tion of the same, and the Charge of the OnsJp te2 Funid for the said Quarter, together with the Surplus or Deficiency upon much Charge - SurpluS Balance beYond the Cha3 of the onsodatd isnd for the Quarter ended June 30, 1857, viz. Great Bri'tain . Ireland ZMX*. Income received Jn the QuarteredoSpt3, ;7xs okT shown in Account ed Sept. '' '' 9,18,135 Imount receivd io the Quartermanendo 30b £5. 533 epaymient of Advances for Public Works, Uc. .. .9 01,M3 - ~ ~~~~~11.488,701 Amount applied out of the InCDme for the Qturter ended Sept. 30, 1857, to redemption of Exchequer.blilla (Ded.- c1i.cyl for the Quarter e.dedJune 30, 1 . 7 533 Amount appie£d out of tbe Income'to Supjply Aervic. in the Quarter ended Sept. 35, 1857 90U Chargc of the CousolldatedF'undfortho .. . *l8,3 ended *ept. 3o,1857_ viz.:O Intere-st of the Permanent Debt *..;533,34S TemnbeDebt (Dfcec) 1431.05 Interest of Exhqe-i;D6cc) Nil. The Civil List.10025 Other Charges on Chonolidated Fund. .. 93 A,dvancoe for Public WVorks, &c . 302.32 Sound Dues ComDenution . 1,125,206 SWinkug Wund. 77,778 BzM W cebeyond the Charge of the Cn S.90L.973 83dtd Fuclor the Quarter ended Sept. .., 1857, Vi7z. Great Britain..6.... . Ireland £19,4K ,70
INDUN REE-NYUES.-TIhe subscriptions in aid of the sufferers by tho mutiny in India are pouring in with so hearty a goodwiU as to show that they 'who are furthest removed from the scenes of slaughter are in heart, if not in hand, making common cause with their much injured fellow-countrymen. This spirit is mazifested by many of that mercantile body who might be thought to be most liable to be influenced by the arguments of the "Peace at al price" party. It augurs weeU for our counatry that it should be found to be so sound at heart. Among that class from whom our soldiers are raised the feeling of indignation at the unmerited wrongs we have experienced from the native troops in revolt is so strong as to enable us to raise whatever number of men may be necessary to restore us to the actual mastery whioh in to many instances wre appear to have lost for a season. The last advices represent us as beginning to a* with increased vigour, by reason of the support we are deriving from the European forces which have arrived at the disturbed districts. Sir Coon Campbell has assumed the chief command, and we shall no doubt hear by the next mail that a regular system of warfare has commenced, whtch wiW put au end to al the insults and injuries to which our people have been so long exposed. One powerful arm is still wanting. The insurgents have seized an. imr-ense booty in the Government revenues which were accumulated at Delhi and many other stations. The Sepoys are laden with the spoil, and when they are killed their dead bodies are plundered, either by their own party or by the troops vwhich are broughb agaiuqt them. So far we may be said to gain s'K:.e advantage from the loss of all this treasure. But ths question wiUl of ten recur-Can we not administer the uffairs of India in such a manner that a loss ef this kinl could never occur again ? Can we not raise our Indiau revenue, and pay our troops, and make all disbursements iu the civil accounts by means of paper rupees, which 'would answer every useful purpose, as we conducted our affairs at home during the lastgreat war by means of paper money ? There would have been wanting one great inducement towards this general outbreak in India if the disa&ected chiefs in revolt had known that they could get no money in gold or ,slver to pay their foUowers with, and the men themselves had seen that they must soon starve for wantof food, having no money which would pass current in those districts where the English Government did not possess supremue power. We may take security from aU the people under our control against any future insurrection if we will but adopt a system of paper money for the collection of our Indian revenue and the administration of the Governmnent in regard to its civil and military affairs.-Dcrbyshiirc Courier. NEw aCT ON THEr LORD ALIroe's CO<-uT.-Thfs day (Thursday) the new Act on the Lord Mayor's Court, passed in the late session, will come into operation. lt is entitled, "An Act for abolishing certain jurisdiction of the Sheriffs' Court of the city of London, and for amenlding the process, practice, and mode of pleading in the Mayor's Court, and for extending the jurisdiction thereof." Tlere re 55 clAuses in the Act worldng out the preamble of maaking the court " more efficient by extending its powers arnd simplifying its practice and mode of procedure." The new statute is to bo called " The Mayor's Court of London Prooedure Act.' Spcial cases may be stated for the op;iion of the superior courts, and if either party appearing on the trial of any cause in which the sum soughb to be recovered exceeds 201. is dissatisfied with the determination or direction of the Mayor's Court in point of Iw or upGn the admission. or rejection of evidence, such panty may appeal from the saine to any one of tGe superior aourts. Some of the provisions are analogous to the Common Law Procedure Acts. An interpleader is Bnven, snd a reditor obtaining a judgment In respect of &debt not exceeding 201. may summon. the defendant befom the Court, and if committed the party may be taken out *f the jurisdiction of the Court. The debtors' prison int Whitecrosastreet PFjeen Js to be for tho confinement of debtors. I1ON,stASTEr1i5 MEETIN4 WOLVERT HAMPTONX WEDnesday.-At the- preliminay quarterly meeting of theSouth Staffordssire ironmasters held in this town to-day it was resolved that no alteration of the prices of Ist quarter shoul: be declared. They consequently stand aa follows:-Bars, 9M * hbops, 101. ; and sheets 111, per ton It was stated thatt the demand for manufactured iron at home was inaproring, but that foreign orders were lighter .han expected. There are, howerer, purchasers in tho market for American and Continental houees, and it is expeoted that the quarterly meetings will not pass over -without extensive transactions being effected with thoseW countries. The prices of pigs quoted on Saturdav are firm, and there appears to be little doubt that they vil be wel supported during the coming fortnight. B.RISTOL SUGAR MMARKET, Wednesday, Sept. SO,There has been rather more activity displayed in our sugar market since our last report, and about 600hhds. West India hare been sold at steady prices for refining and inferior sorts and rather improved rates for the better desorip. tions. Rum steady, but very little offering. A FAcTr FOR oT RETIM?CRVNG SERGRA.N-s.-For the offloe of doorkeeper at the Liverpool Sailors' Home (with 50b a-year) therc were no less than 158 applioants, including a number of stalwart young fellows, who seome& well able to fight Vie battles of their country,
LONDON, THURSDAY, OCTOBEPR 1, 1857. A decrease of not far from a million on the Revenue of the Quarter is one of those facts for which it seems almost vain to apologize, even to those who have brought it about. The spoilt public appear to expect that under all circumstauces diminished taxation is to give increased revenue, and that relief is always to exliibit itself in buoyancy. So, indeed, it might be when, at a propitious juncture, a long-standing burden has been gently alleviated. Just now, however, it is not an affair of financial reform. We are not watching the result of one of Sir ROBERT PEEL'S experiments. It is simply that, when the Russian war had well set in, we laid on some extraordinaly taxation, prodlucing altogether some twelve or fifteen millions a-year over and above the respectable amount already paid by the nation. That war over, these extraordinary taxes have been gradually remitted, according to their original terms, and the millions lately yielded by them now renmain in the hands of the people. This might seem a matter for congratulation; but we fully expect to hear complaints that the said millions are not at one and the same moment in JoiHN BULL'S capacious pockets and in the Treasury; that is, he ought to pay very much less, and the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER to receive more, or, at least, as much. We are not ourselves in a position to defy the laws of arithmetic, and therefore neither blush nor tremble for our country when we state that the total decrease for the Quarter is neither more nor less than 889,1601. Of this about half-a-million is in the Customs. The war duties on Tea, Coffee, and Sugar have been lowered, and in the latter article there has at the same time been a diminished production. So there has been a lower duty upon a less quantity, and the difierence on tlhis one article has been 300,0001. There has also been diminished importation of corn, brandy, and wine. As the Excise was made to contribute its share to the cost of the war, so it tells the tale of peace by its reduced figures. The total decrease is 148,0001. This, however, is a mere trifle compared with the immense yield of the war duties in this department. In the corresponding quarter last year the war duty on Malt produced nearly three-quarters of a million, even after paying more than a quarter of a million for drawbacks upon stocks in hand. In fact, there has been a very large increase ni the consumption of Malt, but for which ihe duty would have yielded 200,0001. less than it has. There has been an increase of 150,0001. upon Spirits. It is proper to explain that the revenue forthe Quarterincludes 230,0001. forHop Duty that should regularly have been paid in the previous quarter. In the Stamps, as well as in the Land and Assessed Taxes, the variations are unimportant. The Income-tax does not yet exhibit the whole of the decrease to be expected from tbhe cessation of the war duties, as the receipts of the Quarter have been generally at the war rates. There is, however, one branch of the duties which Governmentpays itself and remits itself, without the delays incident to collection. In the dividends and public salaries paid at Midsummer the war duty was at once remitted, and the remission shows itself in a decrease of 415,0001. upon the Quarter. In the Post-office we find an increase of 85,0001., which, of course, is not wholly to be referred to increase of Postage, though an increase there has been. That mysterious and unsatisfactory process called the " sale of old stores " has added 113,0001. to the head of Miscellaneous Receipts. The comparisons now made in these Tables for the expired portion of the financial year, as well as for the whole previous twelvemonth, may assist the estimate of next year's Budget, but cannot throw more light on the coudition of the Revenue and the country than we already possess. Two quarters of the present financial year have now expired, and the total net decrease upon them is only 1,155,4011., which it is confidently stated is less than lialf the amount that might have been expected to arise in this time from the repeal and reduction of war duties. It is not, however, easy to draw exact inferences from the returns of a financial period affected with such a variety of accidents as the past year. The reduction of 4d. a-pound in the Tea Duty, for example, has shown itself, not in a proportionate decrease of the revenue from it, but in a considerable increase, the payment of duty having been purposely and naturally deferred to the time when the lower rate was to be paid. As it happens, there has been an increased production of Tea. Owing to these two causes together the delivery of Tea during the last half-year has exceeded that in the corresponding half-year of 1856 by no less than 13,00U,0001b. ; and, instead of a decreased Revenue, there has been an increase of 350,0001. This has proved a timely set-off against decreased receipts from sugar, coffee, brandy, wine, corn, and other articles. Thus far, toc-that is, for the expired half of the financial year-the Excise has agreeably disappointed the modest calculations of the CHAN4,ELLOR of the EXCL'EQuER, by producimg half-a-million more than he ventured to put it at. Against the decrease upon Malt and Hops, caused by the lowering of the duties on the cessation of the war, there has been an increase of 240,0001. on Spirits, Paper, and other items. To pursue the comparison into the periods of the last and the previous twelvemonths would introduce fresh complications and accidental influences. So we wil content ourselves with calling attention to the remarkable fact, singularly illustrating the regularity and healthiness of British finance, that in spite of all our reductions, and notwithstanding the many irregularities always incident to the collection of taxes, ihe Revenue for the last tweivemonth has only faUen short of that for the previous twelvemonth by the trifling difference of 169,40G1.
The public cannot complain of any remissness on our part in laying before them all the horrors of which India is the scene. Day by day the letters of combatants or fugitives fill our columns. Day by day every scrap of intelligence, every rumour, every presumption is recorded. Nor do we confine ourselves to bare news. Every morning we attempt to give our readers the benefit of such reflections as a careful observation of affairs at the time has suggested. In these columns, too, men of different classes give their varying advice. The soldier and the civilian, the merchant and the artisan, have come forward to recommend their several projects. We have advocated the caUing out of the Militia, the enrolment of volunteers, the lowering of the standard of height; in short, we have in every way aided to the utmost the efforts now making for a prompt reinforcement of the Indian Army. But it is impossible for a newspaper to do everything. It can only influence opinion, and that the opinion of certain definite classes and conditions of men. The Times is read by the great body of those who administer or control the affairs of the country. The Minister, the member of Parliament, the squire, the professional man, the manufacturer, the commercial man, the clergyman, and the more well to do of his flock, come within the sphere of its influence. These are certainly not men whom it would seem necessary to rouse by fervid declamation. They can hardly be supposed to need vigorous appeals to their manhood and pity, to their feeling of chivalry or their sense of shame. They know the history of India and of its conquest by our race, they know its importance to us, the grave character of the struggle, and the necessity of vigorous action. There is no need that we should caU up their indignation by any comment on the horrors that have taken place. It is enough that the terrible history has been narrated in full. Those who are not roused by the bare recital would remain unmoved after any denmuciations of which eloquence is capable. Therefore, if the country be not animated sufficiently by a spirit of devotion and self-sacrifice, let not the press be blamed. We have caUed aloud to those who habitually listen to us; it is for them now to do their own part. Below or beside the classes which take an interest in public affairs are, we are sorry to say, large bodies of our countrymen on whom the fluctuations of politics or the successes and calamities of nations make but little impression. How little education has done for myriads among us may be learnt by any one who takes the pains to become acquainted with the labourers of the rural districts, and even with large masses of workmen in the great towns. Now, these form the class from which recruits must be taken. If these wiU not come forward, then it is useless that the young nobleman, or the University graduate, or the middle-class enthusiast should indulge their visions of heroism and glory. All cannot be officers, and, if even the many should waive this claim, we fear that professions and trade would be after all able to furnish but scanty battalions for a great war. In short, the destinies of the country are for the moment in the hands of the great, unlettered, apathetic class, which Parliamentary speeches and newapaper articles seldom reach. To them, the victims of Cawnpore and the besieged of Lucknow must cry in vain, for they hear not the voice. They indeed Inow in a general way that there have been massacres in India, but the details which have so roused the more instructed classes are lost to men who labour in ignorance and indifference at their daily task. Now then, we think, comes the task of the eaucated among us. What do the noble and the wealthy, the rector or the local politician, to advance the work of the recruiting-sergeant I Events have spoken to them through the press; let them now in turn exhort those about them. If the battle of the coxuntry is to be fought it must be by the exertions of every class; but as yet only the more favoured of fortune-a small minority-have evinced any signs of enthusiasm. Let every man in his sphere attempt to spread the feelings which animate his own breast. The clergy, especially, might well take advantage of their frequent communication with the labouring class to encourage them to enlist, which in the present state of things would often be a change for the better in their lot, it being certain that such reforms have been made, or are about to be made, as will give to smartness and good conduct a better chance in HIIE MAJESTY'S service than in the employment of any farmer or grazier. Nor would it be any great desecration of his pulpit if an incumbent were to preach once or twice on the duty of Christian men to engage in war when called upon by such an emergency as this. Many have, no doubt, improved the occasion of the Indian massacres to expatiate on the uucertainty of life and the perils which at all times environ us. Might they not tell their flocks that evil deeds should not go unpunished, and that the avenger of blood is as necessary in this as in any former age? We cannot but think that these 20,000 educated men, in constant intercourse with all classes, might do much to advance the interetts of the country at the present crisis. Then there are the country gentlemen, the patriarchal rulers of their peasantry, the descendants of the barons and knights who led Eniglish bowmen at Cressy and Agincourt, the upholders of noble and chivalrous maxims amid the selfishness of a commercial age, are they stirring in the matter ? Are they urging by precept, we will not say by example, the strong race of rustics to take up arms in their country's cause ? We all know that the agricultural counties are not so thinly peopled as to be unable to spare a few hands for the present need. In every village there are half a dozen young fellows of rather unsettled temperament, the loss of whom would, in the eyes of squires and magistrates, be rather a gain than otherwise. The restlessness and love of adventure which are an abomination to rural dignities would take other forms when placed amid the excitements of a military life. Many an incipient poacher only wants opportunity to be the hero of a skirmish or a sortie. But besides these there aze numbers who, if the matter were once clearly put before them, would be induced to exchange their dreary and uneventful life for the excitements of the voyage, the camp, and the battle. The military spirit is not wanting in any part of our population. Indeed, in spite of our social distinctions, our differences of wealth, education, and habit, the gentleman and the ploughboy are essentially one and the same. They have the same love of manly sports and exercises, of horses and dogs, with the concomitant betting and speculating. The spirit of enterprise is also the same in all, and if our gentlemen are ready to volunteer, and burn with indignation at the atrocities they read, depend upon it, chords exist in the breasts of every rank of men, and only require a genial touch to vibrate as strongly. Why, then, should all be left to the recruiting sergeant, when squire and manufacturer, and rector and popular lecturer, could each so well do his part ? The inducements of bounty and outfit which the one holds forth are naturally low ones. But the others could appeal to higher motives, and when we see from their letters what so many of our soldiers are even now in tone and feeling, it cannot be doubted that the appeal would be successful. Now is the time to prove what the country is made of, and all classes should do their best to bring it safely through its fiery trial.
Few things could be imagined more conventional, or more out of the common measure of things, than a Pastoral by Cardinal Wismsax. It classes with a love song by POLYPHEMUS, or an eclogue by the Italian gentleman who dragged his cattle, or rather other people's, backward into his den. The Cardinal's style is the result of a transmigration through several stages, equally though variously foreign to the national taste. It is Irish translated into Spanish, Spanish into Italian, Italian into English; vernacular English into Ecclesiastical Latin, and Ecclesiastical Latin back again into English bewitched. It is such English as nobody in his senses would either talk, or speak, or write, or read, or imagine til he had gone through a highly artificial process of mental and corporeal inflation. It stalks and strides, and puffs and blows, and glisters and swelters, all unction and embroidery, with a towering head-piece and innumerable folds, and an interminable train, and " What a length of " tail behind !" In all writing there is, or ought to be, a certain tone which represents the prevailing sentiment of the writer. The tone follows as a matter of course when the sentiment exists. It occasionally happens, however, that a man does not know what to be at, and has all sorts of conflicting feelings, perhaps the worst the strongest. In that case tone is as impossible as in a curiosity shop or an omnibus. This may possibly explain how it is that the Cardinal is alternately pathetic and cutting, patriotic and philosophical, affectionate and candid; " all things by turns, and nothing " long." Indeed, this discord betrays itself in the first idea of his Pastoral. "H ad this cala"mity," says the Cardinal, " faMen upon our fore"fathers in Catholic days, one would have seen the "streets of this city trodden in every direction by "penitential processions of men and women, crying "out aloud, like DAVID when pestilence had struck "the people." The historic idea is simple enough, and as old as old can be. We have it in horaer -the procession of HECITBA and the ladies of Troy to the shrine of Mr;FRvA in the Acropolis of that city. Our Litany, they tell us, is the modern form of a penitential procession. Nothing can be more natural than such expressions of feelings or forms of prayer, when they are as they ought to be-that is, really natural. Such, then, is the traditional element of the Cardinal's Pastoral. "And this is likewise our fixst impulse," he says, "to turn to GOD in affliction and contrition of "spirit, to humble ourselves beneath His mighty " hand, to set our faces to the LORD GOD, and "say to Him, ' To Thee, 0 LORD, justice, but to " ' us confusion of face ;' and then to entreat "Him to show rus again the light of His coun"tenance, to scatter the Gentiles who delight in " war." It so happens, however, that, as our readers will remember, this was not the first impulse to which his Eminence yielded on hearing of oar Indian disamters. As, too, affliction and contrition of spirit, self-humiliation, confusion of face, and the loss of GOD'S countenance, were not the Cardinal's first sensations, so also they are rather considerably modified and rertrained in the document before us by other thoughts not aU penitential and self-humbling. The Cardinal, it is true, expatiates not only at length, but, we might almost say, with zest on the distressing and horrible nature of these calamities, on the treachery of the Sepoy, on the sudden cessation of peace, prosperity, alnd happiness in Lidia, on the failure of our hopes, and, so far as appearances go, on the discredit to our name and our cause. Hlis sympathies lead him not to underrate, but rather to mako the most of, our national sufferings; and we might even say that there are mitigating circumstances and consoling reflections that do not appear in the Pastoral. F.r our part, too, as Englishmen, we do not quite acquiesce in the figure whihl, in the cool judgment of the Cardinal, is the nearest approach to the history of the Indian Mutiny. We do not recognize in it " the unchecked excesses of fieadish fury by which " legions of demons let loose against a tribe " accursed of GOD would have marked their pro" gress of devastation." We see neither the " legions " of demons" nor the " tribe accursed of GOD" in the matter. So, even in his view of the facts, ve cannot quite go along with the figurative and high-flown Cardinal. But when he has thus made us a present of all the facts of the case-indignities, insults, dishonour, the ferocity of the tiger, cruel perfidy, treacherous brutality, and a great deal more-we must be permitted to say that everytlhing really natural and spontaneous in the Pastoral, every word with the least feeling and point, is to the effect that England richly deserves what slie has got, and that such is her treatment of the Cardinal and his co-religionists, that they may consider themselves absolved from all share in the responsibility of these matters. They may, if they please, take the place of the three patiarchal philosophers who sat by discussing JoB's miseries. Indeed, the Cardinal goes so far as to intimate that the PoP.E and the Sepoy are fellow-v-ictims of British unfairness and cruelty; and that the one has only done a little rough justice in behalf of the other. There are two views to be taken of chastisements by a Divine and inscrutable Power. Both views are equally scriptural, and equally natural to a modest and reasonable mind. The one refers our calamities to justice, the other to mercy; and we may fairly suppose that if we deserve what we suffer, the suffering is mercifully sent to recall us to our duty. The Cardinal, however, treats this matter of Divine justice with much human wisdom. He admits, doctrinaUy and inferentially, that inasmuch as the Roman Catholics share the suffering, therefore they must not disclaim a share in the responsibility. " Let us," he says, " exert ourselves to "the utmost to avert the scourges of Divine "justice faUing heavily upon our empire. Let us "take our share in the humiliation as we do in "the suffering. Let us not hold up our "hands and say that we have had no " part in the causes of these calamities. "They are a common burden, they afflict us all " and oppress us all." So, logically and theologically, in an ecclesiastical point of view, and as a church ceremony, the Cardinal graciously under- | takes for his friends a share in the humiliation, inasmuch as they share the suffering. But when it comes to the facts of the case the Cardinal puts on the natural man, or rather puts off the unnatural one, and indicates very plainly and decisively his own opinion, that so far from sharing the guilt, the Roman Catholics have been themselves the innocent victims of it, and the calamity is a Divine interference in their behalf. So he imnmediately proceeds :-" However un"justly our religion may have been treated in " that distant country by its rulers, however even "now it may be unkindly dealt with, however we may have been slandered or calumniated "there or at home, all must on that day be "forgotten. We are only natives of one "country, subjects of one CROwV., and we must "take our portion of common sorrow, drink equally of the same bitterness, and take upon "ourselves the yoke and burden of our fellow- citizens, however far away." To remove all doubt as to the actual exemption of the Roman Catholics from the crimes which have entailed this heavy blow, and, even more, as to the blow having been inflicted for the twofold crimes of the persecution of the Catholic and of the native, the Cardinal gives these two injured parties a joint interest in the happy result. " Let the guilty be "dealt with so that the land be purged of its "iniquity, and then let just laws and honest "principles, and fear of GOD and large Christian "views prevail, without oppression of the "heathen or unfairness to Christians." Meanwhile, ns the Sepoy is only doing the dirty work, or the bloody work, we should say, of the Papist, the plea of mercy is gratefully and powerfully urged in behalf of the former. " Listen not," exclaims the tender-hearted Cardinal, " to the sanguinary cries "by which passions sufficiently natural, and too "likely to be inflamed beyond the verge of jus"tice by the horrible spectacles on which they "will be fed, are urged forward to still madder " excitement. Remember that the words 'ven- " geance ' and 'revenge' were washed out by "the blood of Calvary from the catalogue of man's "assumed rights-that they are reserved to GOD " alone." Now, on this point we beg to say that we do not think it necessary to contend for the right of vengeance, nor are we in any wise exact as to the particular name under which execution is to be done. Vengeance, justice, mercy, and every consideration for the maintenance of society alike enjoin the most tremendous and memorable penalties on the persons and places tainted with these horrible crimes. The collection which the Cardinal directs to be made on his Day of Humiliation-which, by the by, is a Sunday, and a Sunday of more than commonly jubilant and triumphant a character in the calendar of his Church-" Rosary Sunday"is to be applied to the propagation of Roman Catholic doctrines in India. lWhen a sufficient outfit has been provided out of it for all the Roman Catholic missionaries who may have volunteered to go-when a sufficiency of church furniture, vessels, vestments, &-c., have been supplied out of it-when the monasteries and nunneries, and the private property of the inmates and the priests, have been reAtored and replaced out of the coUections--when, in addition to their relief from the general subscription for their temporal wants, all that may come tunder the head of spiritual wants has been met out of the Roman Catholic collectionwhen, in a word, the Cardinal and his brother cli.rgy have had their full sweep of the collection, then the remainder, if any, is tv be thrown into the general subscription for the relief of the distress in India, towards which he assumes that his friends have subscribed. We should be sorry to believe that the relief of those poor sufferers depended on the chance of a balance after the Cardinal and his friends have had their haul of the collection for the purposes enumerated. We are, too, quite content, seeing that his Eminence has taken this line, that it should be fully understood throughout England that on their own " Day " of Humiliation" t;he Roman Catholies have deli- berately made up their minds not to subscribe for the general relief of distress in India,-as all we are to do,-but for the establishment and propagation of their peculiar creed.
On Thursday last an express train running on the Great iNorthern Line went off the rails; the carriages were either smashed to pieces or hurled upside down over an embankment, and in the ruin which ensued many persons were injured, and five, incliiding four first-class passengers, lost their lives. Considering that the computed chances against a traveller's being killed on a railway without fault of his own are about 16 millions to one, we naturaLy look for some decisive explanation of so shocking and fatal a catastrophe. In these expectations, however, we are entirely disap-pointed. The evidence taken on the inquest not only fails to give us the desired information, but mystifies our conceptions more complktely than before, by demolihing every suspicion which reason or experience might have suggested. There appears to have beeiu no incident, circumstance, or condition affectingfl the train or journey in question which was not eminently favourable to security. The driver was a maaa of suvh ex,elleut oharazter aud proved capacity that he had risen to the highest position and emoluments afforded by the service. The train was " exceedingly well made up," the carriages were unexceptionably constructed, the wheels " very " little worn," the " soles," even after the shock of the accident, " wonderfully sound," and the materials, in fact, " altogether of the best descrip"tion." The road itself was in admirable order-a "perfectly good" road; and the particular spot where the disaster occurred wasdescribedas appearing, after deliberate examination, "quite fit for the Great " Northern trains at the pace at which they " run." FinaUy, there had been no delay, irregula:'ity, or want of punctuality in the matter. The train left Sheffield at " the exact time it " should leave," and was started by the superintendent himself, who " stood opposite the clock at " the time." Such is the view of the circumstances presented by the depositions before the coroner; yet, for all this, the fact still remains that an accident of the most deplorable character did presently occur, and that five persons came to a violent and untimely end. The public, we imagine, will not be very well satisfied with such a discrepancy between theories and results. We believe ourselves that the catastrophe admits of a general explanation in very simple terms. The train at that particular moment was probably going too fast for safety, and an impression to this effect appears, indeed, to have prevailed during the inquiry, to have left some trace in the verdiet of the jury, and to have obtained some currency, as our correspondence apprizes us, among the public at large. It is very true that the actual rate of speed, as far as it could be ascertained during the investigation, was not greater-indeed, it was rather less-than the speed constantly maintained in railway travelling without apparent danger. It is also true that the locomotive engineer of the company expressed himself " satis" fied that the accident was not owing to the " speed," adding, reasonably enough, that on the contrary hypothesis they "would have " accidents every day." Colonel WYNNE, too, the Government Inspector of Railways, an impartial and independent witness, deposed to having traveUled at the rate of more than 60 miles an hour over the very scene of the accident with " astonish" ing steadiness ;" and he stated further, that where carriages and road were both in good order-as they certainly seem to have been in the case before us-there was no ground for alarm in the specified rate of speed. But neither this testimony nor even the broader evidence of experience can overthrow the obvious iuductions of the senses. That there must be a certain amount of danger attending a journey performed at a mile a minute is perfectly plain, and we believe this accident is an illustration of the fact. Great speed naturally tends to produce great oscillation, oscillation implies the risk of overbalancing, and loss of balance becomes equivalent to loss of life. It is urged that the accident would have been as serious if the speed of the train had been but 40 miles an hour, instead of 60; and this is true enough probably as regards the effects of actual collision, but it is by no means certain that at the lower rate of speed any accident would ever have occurred. The suiperintendent of the line gave it as his opinion that express trains were not, practicaUy spealing, more dangerous than ordinary trains, and, to a certain extent, we understand and admit the force of the remark. In so far as celerity of transit from one place to another is secured by undeviating punctuality, absence of interruption, few stoppages, and even running, there is clearly no peril whatever attached to the advantage indeed, as the best men and the best material would naturally be employed and more than ordinary vigilance exerted in the case of express trains, they might actually be safer than other3. This, however, is not the point. The danger in question is generated immediately by a particular rate of speed, and may be incurred at any moment, and by any train. Fifty miles an hour may probably be very safe travelling, but this phrase expresses an arerage speed to that extent, and such average, if interruptions occur, can only be maintained by increasing the rate materiallv over certain portions of the road. It is this increase which creates the peril. If 10 or 12 miles are traversed at the rate of G0 or d O miles an hour, the speed becomes, we think-not absolutely too great for safety, because it is constantly employed without miecarriage, but-so great that in some one instance out of thousands an accident may oceur which at a more moderate rate of travelling would have been escaped. The coroner remarked, truly enough, that if people chose to travel at this speed a railway company could hardly be bLAmed for meeting the popular demand. We believe, indeed, that the responsibility rests in the main with the public. Excessive speed is not likely to be adopted on its own recommendations, any more than any other excessive performance in the execution of a bargain. The wear and tear of engines, carriages, and rails are enormously increased in proportion to the rate of locomotion, and, except under some extraordinary stimuluq, railway companies are no more likely to overwork their engines than postmasters are to overwork their horses. The delinquency lies in the impatience of the public-perhaps we may say in the insatiable cravings of Anglo-Saxon ardour. A distinguiished American once declared that any one of his countrymen would put his life in peril at any moment to arrive at any spot five minutes before anybody else, and the feeling is perceptible in a mitigated form among ourselves. If the passengers by an express traiu could be questioned at the end of their journey, it is probable that at least half of them would be unable to allege any motive whatever for their precipitation-in fact, a curious observer may remark that a man who has been travelling express will often, on his arrival at the terminus, proceed on foot to his ultimate destination, and thus waste all the time he has economized in order to save a shilling in cab-hire. It appears to us, however, that this national craving admits of satisfaction in a safer manner. 'What people complain of in railway travelling is not so much a moderate rate of speed as an immo- derate amount of interruption. It is the want of punctuality, the unexpected delays, and the irregular performance of the journey at which the wrath of passengers is excited. We believe that if stoppages were few and short, and no interruption was occaq'oned by improper impediments, a speed of 35 or 40 miles an hour evenly maintained would sufflce for everybody's desires. As long as the train is in progress and at a fair rate of speed nobody grumbles, but a delay of five minutes beyond the promise of the time-bill brings fifty heads out of the carriage windows, and produces as many angry expostulations with the guard. The dasger, in shor>,-whatever may be its amount,-which arises from excessive speed can be guarded against with infallible certainty by the simple xuethod of avoiding such speed. Here, at any rate, the means of security are absolutely in ourW own hands. Celerity of trr velling can be provideii for in a great degree by other means. If no tirr* is lost in stoppages or by interruptions, and neAe therefore required for quickening speed Gr slackening it, there will be no occasion for drivinzg at an excessive rate over one part of the grou:nd in order to cover a loss allowed upon another. It is the minute of hurry that is fraughtwith danger, and under a good systam of working no hurry ought to be necessury, alad consequ,ently nxo danger incurred.
SADLERS-WELLS THEATRE. Love's Labour's Lost, a comedy which we believe ly un. touched by the hand of theatrical manager from the time of the closing of the theatres by the Puritans till the openlng of Covent-garden by Madame Vestris, who chose it to inaugurate her rule, and which sinoe that period has been kept aloof from every stage. Loves Labour's Lost was produced last night at Sadlers-wells with a display of pic. turesque beauty and completeness of detail in every respect that must have surpsssed the expectations even of those who are aware what Mir. Phelps can do when he sets about reviving the piece thathedesigns for the curiosity of the season. lhe readers of Shakspeare need not be informed that the interest taken in this very primitive play is chiefly of the literary kind, and that in all the elements that usually make a drama a cause of excitement it is singularly deficient. The Shakspearian student may iove to see Beatrice and Benedick foreshadowed by Rosaline and Biron in the play of the clowns In Ifisummer Nighes Dream predicted by the masque of the Nine Worthies, and may cheerfully welcome the ' fantastical Spaniard " as the type of the so-called Euphuism, which became a transient fashion in the Elizabethan age. But to the ordinary reader or spectator, who, apart from all considerations of the sort, judges of Love's Labour's Lost, as a play of the usual stamp, the want of definite purpose, the abundanoe of obsolete pleasantries that are bandied about, and the avowedly unsatisfactory nature of the conclusion, will appear not a little perplexing. A number of quaint fgures, some graceful, others grotesque, have flitted along, workingsedulonsly at the elaboration of trifles, and arriving at no result. Mlr. Phelps has taken this difficult subject in hand with a keen eye to its capabilities. In the first placw, it can bo treated so as to present a charming picture of a mediaeval Court, resting beneath the shade of the greenwood tree, and by the side of the brook, from the cares and pomps connected with stately domiciles. This side he has seized, and the scenery, beautifully painted by Mr. C. S. James, the costumes and the groupings, all carry us back to that atmosphere of sylvan aristoCraCy of which we may resd at large in the " Arcadia " of Sir Philip Sidney. A more happy combination of the Court and the landscape could not be presented than In the series of sparkling pictures that follow each other on the stage of Sadler's-wells. In the second place, although there is not one great part in Love's Labour's Lost, it is a piece over which a great deal of good acting may be diffused, for even the smallest parts are marked characters, and some of them very strongly and very strangely defined. Here, too, Mr. Phelps has shown the excellence of his generalship. The list of dremcfti personae was formidable in length, but he has so well applied the talent of his company that there is not a single weakly acted part. For himself he has taken the "fantastical Spaniard," and made of him one of his choicest comic impersonstions. The Spanish head, the manner of dealing with the euphonistlc phraseology, the artificial drawl, the complacent good humour that tolerates and even encourages the impertinencies of the page, make us nn entirely fresh creation, totally distinct from the fops of stage convention, however it may resemble them in meoral attributes. Holofernes, theschoolmaster, a fopof thepedantic sort, as exceptional in his way as Don Adriano, is most carefully and naturally rendered by MIr. Williams, who happily combines the scholastic sensitiveness with a fund of internal good nature. The line, " bone for bene: Priscian a little scratched, 'twill serve," he gives witbh marvellons effect, showing at once the magnitude of the crime committed by the ignorant curate and his own magnanimity in passing it over. Mr. Lewis Ball, who is always athomeinShakepearianclowns,is exactly fitted withCostard, and Dull, the constable, is wrought up to the highest degree of inanity by Mr. Meagreson. The little boy Moth, played by Miss Rose Williams, is a most serviceable adjunct to the stately Spaniard, the nicely balanced phrases of Mr. Phelps being most ludicrously contrasted by the pert speeches of thej boy, while the figures of the two spe.kers stand as bodily types of formal coxcombry and mother wit. Turning to the courtly personages, we find hIr. EL flarston as Biron displaying a knowledge of Elizabethan gallantry and vivacity that is generally becoming obsolete, Mr. F. Robinson looking most comely as the K*ing, yslrs. Charles Young speakiDg most judiiously and unaffectedly as the Princess of France, lIliss Fitzpatrick sparkling forth as Rosaline, ard the whole glittering train worthily closed by Mir. J. W. :y, as the facetious veteran of the Court, Boyet. Rarely have so many parts been so wrell played.
SURRBY THBATB. The new drama entitled Ambiion; or, the Thronc and the Tomb, is a version of Catherine Hozcard, a piece written nearly a quarter of a century ago by M. Alexandre Dunmas, and duly recorded among the dramatic successes of that celebrated author. To endow the least reputable wife of Henry VIa. with the power of sustainig a tragio interest, M. Dumas has given Catherine Hown the attributes of the Anglo-Saxon Elfrida, whose fortunes during the early part of her career are in some degree imitated. So little, however, is an attempt made to prevent the audience from reflecting on the extraordinary likeness between two distinct ladies that the elevation of Elfrida, recorded in an old ballad, is sup. posed to have stimulated the ambition of Catherine. "AIthough historical personages are introduced in this play, the events and incidents are entirely imaginary, with the exception of Catherine Howard's marriage with Henry VII. and her death upon the scaffold." So says the Surrey playbill with most commendable frankness and with perfect truth. Ethelwold, Earl of Derby (htr. Creswick). is informed in confidence by his Royal master, Henry VIII. (Sir. B1sil Potter), that he has fallen in love with a young lady who is residlng in a house at Richmond, and, though be has never spoken to her, is so completely captivated by her beauty that he has resolved to make her his Queen. The Earl is annoyed, for the lady happens to be his own wife,-a young person of humble origin whom he has married in secret' but ho too well knows the temper of the King to reveal this important fact. Hastening b- the King's orders to the Rich. mond abode, he contnves to give Catherine a sleeiicg draught, buries her in a crypt, and pretends to the King that she is dead. Henry comes to the crypt, accompanied by Derby, to look at the dead body, over which he utters violent protestations of love and grieff acing at last a diamond ring on the lifeless hand. wnen he has gone Catherine revives, and rushes into tc e arms of her husband, who now informis her for the fi-st time that he is the Earl of Derby (for she has married him in ignorance of his real rank), and takes her to his castle. Unfortunately, while in a communicative vein, he tells her rather too much, informing her of the exhibition of grief wade by Henry over her apparently dead body. The Earl's castle Is very stately, and it is a fine thing to be a Couotees - but Catherine feels that she would have liked to be a queen, and the order to keep away from the window when. ever the King may happen to pass seems to her a little unreasonable, Henry soon comes to the castle in person, whereupon Catherine is hurried into a back room, but cannot refrain from taking an occasional peep at the Royal visitor, who is in high good humour, and offers toDerby the regency of the kingdomu during the absence of Majesty in Scotland, together wvith the hand of the Princess Margaret. Derby, most unaccountably to the KiDg, refuses both offers, w;hereupon such violent words ensue on both sides that the Earl's demeanour at last becomes treasonable. Henry retires in a buff, but Derby, knowing that he will soon be sent for, has recourse to the expedient of a sleeping draught, which has proved s8 successful on a former occasion. A paper found on hia body is to declare that he is unable to live under the consciousness of treason, and he is to be put into the crypt, one key of which is to be forwarded to the Kltz, while another is lodged in the hands of Catherine, who in due time Is to set him free. This project is carded out in all its details save one-namely, the liberation of Derby by the hand of Catherine. That estimable lady, regarding her husband as the only obstacle between herself and a throne, deems it expedient to leave him In the ci sot, and, hastening to Henry, explains that her death was all a mistake. The delighted, monarch resolves to rmarry her before another day has passed, and she is left alone in the audience-chamber, rejoicing in her good fortune, and seating herself on the throne to try how she likes it. when she is disagreeably surprised by the unexpected entrance of Derby. He has been liberated by Henry's sister, the Prinef se Margaret, who really loved him, and who has had possesst.,n of the key sent to her brother. Stil more untoward is a visit of Derby to the Royal bed-chamber, for the King goir g to the apartment finds the door locked, arnd when he enters perceives a man's hat on the table. Catherlne is arrested vithout further ado. and consigned to the Tower, while the indictive laugh of Derby is heardt behind the tapestry. Though Incarcerated in the Beauchamp Tower, Catherine doss not abandon all hope. There is but one execntioner in England, and wshen he comes to beg her pardon for the severe office he is about to fuli1 she gives hiui the diamond ring plaed on her finger by llenry, on condition tbat he will fly the country. A respite is thus gained that may be turned to advantage, but the hopes of Catherine are baffled by the appearance of a new executioner, in the person of Derby himself, who, In answer to a Royal prodlamation offering a reward to any one who will undertake the dctles of the scaffold, has come forward aud has been acoepted. Though the mask is on his face and the axe is in his hand, his voice is aot to be mistaken, and In the presence of Catherlies confessor he carefully recounts her past career, thus helping her out in the work of confesion. However, though the mode of' vengeance he has selected is soniebat rviolent, he is not so, utterly divested of feeling as might he supposed. He will, indeed, out off Catherine's head, hut he swallows a doe of0 poison (dregs do a deal of wrork in this piece) that is to erd his life as soon as the operation is performed. On Tcoaerbillthtale of horror reaches its close. Catherine dulr ascends the scaffold and places her head on the blr-,okj while Derby uplifts the axe, awakiag in the minds of the audienee a serious suspicion that there wiU be not?ing bts preveft lim iEburne's head from actuall rolling down to, the lamps. Hiowvever, the poisonz has done itt work to quicky. Derby drops the axze, and, ruching dowzthe.eps, dies, proclaiming his torgivences of Cx:herine. A saJ of hope comes over her fac, but ji soon disappeass. The ,e executioner has been intercepted in hie flight, an& Is now brou,ght upon the stage. Be will t.ake oF the head of Catherine, but not till the descent ot the ctin bhas pro. vented theaudience from seeing and hearing the atats ohop. To those who ha.ve tersbly strong esxves. ad who, muoreover, will notallow their bistearica iteceletins its pertinently to Interfee with their enjoyments, tWiss dramat will prove a pleast source ot excitement. The unasl French skill has bees at woork in devisin^g powarfel sitoa, tions, and from the end of the first act to the conoluslnn of the whole the sycttr may contiaee shuldderIng without. sensible intermisie. The Ealrl of D)esy, wrho is the principa^l personage, suffesa a tetrible winrg, terribly avenges it. and talks terribly e^ the subject. Be. is admirably represented by Mr. CreswXk who is ag imposing figure tbrouiphont- ardent u~ the loring5 husband, xtrongly menacing as the aewly resuscitated avenger, mnysteriously horrible when ns eves gleamn through the '.pertures of the nisak and wea their expression r,tilL. Xuiss Ehurne is a. SOm ewhat gentle repreesentative of tve, strong-mcinded Catherine, but sbe. does her best to attain the Elfrida level, auld the Heery till1, of MIr. Ba9Ui ?cMtes, dressed in the mest approved f'ishliou, i rendere with al! t!ne trditIonal bluster,
tLATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE 'MEETING OF THE EMPERORS. The Moniteur of yesterday publishes the following METZ, SEiT. 29. "The Emperor left Stuttgart this morning at half-past S o'clock. The Prince Royal, the Princes of the Boyal Camily, and the Ministers and officers of the Court were at - the station. A large crowvd wa a assembled. "The King's aides-de-camp, on attendance upon the IEmperor, accompanied him as far as Bruchsal. " The Emperor arrived at Mannheimn at 11 o'clock. " His Majesty was received there by General Ioberk, first aide-de-camp of his Royal Highness the Grand Duke of Baden, who had sent Court carriages to convey the Emperor and his suite to Ludwigshafen, where His Majesty was received by his Royal Highness Prince Luitpold, brother of the King of Bavaria. At Sarrebruok the Emperor found his Royal Highness the Prince of Prussia, who was await. ing His Majesty. " Along the whole line of road the German population evinced the warmest sympathy for His Majesty. " At ForbFch, the first French station, the population of -the place and of the district of Sarreguemines gave the Emperor a hearty welcome at the railway station. " The Ernperor entered the town of Metz at 7 o'clock, in the midst of an immense crowd of people, who loudly choored him. " The health of the Emperor is excellent. " The town of Metz is brilliantly Wliuminated. " His Royal Highness Prince Henry of the Netherlands was waiting at Metz to compliment His Majesty. "The Emperor attended the theatre in the evening." AUSTRIA. A telegraphic despatch from V7ienna, dated the 29th of September, announces the departure of the .Emperor of Austria, at midnight, for Dresden and WVelmay.
.VYUTINY IN INDIA .-TPE RELIEF FUN)D. WOOT.WTflTT Last evening a crowded public meeting of the inhabitants of WoolwiGh anid Charlton was held at the large schoolroom adjoining St. ThomWs Church for the purpose of adopting means to aid the national fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Indian mutiny. The chair was oocupied by the Rev. A. De la Mare, surrounded on the platform by the Revs. W. Wright (ohaplain to the Royal Artillery) J. Fenn. and W. Vinter, Major. General Aluxander, Colonel Aylmer, R. A., Captain IHaultain, R.A., Captain Orr, R.A., and other officers of the Royal Artillery. The CHAIR-MAN commenced the proceedings by reading a letter from Major-General Sir W. F. Williams, commandant of the garrison, to the effect that be extremely regretted his unavoidable absence, which was cau8ed by an official duty which he could not neglect, and he trusted that the meeting would be encouraged by the regimental efforts which he was happy to state were now making in aid of the national fund. The Rev. J. FEN-;, A.M., moved the first resolution, expressive of sympathy for the sufferings of our own countrymen, and also nf native Christians in India, and pledging the meeting to aid the national fund now raising. Colonel AY L) ER, Royal Artillery, in secondingthe resolution,observed thatthe detail of events in India which appeared inthe newspapersof thatday vas calculated to excite thesanni feelings that pervaded the troops which marched to CawnLpore-- a feeling too deep for utterance. Military men, aud especially those officers ordered for India, were ia a peculiar position, and it had beon considered that Christian ofticers would find some difficulty in reconciling what they might be compeUed to do in a public capacity with that which their private feelings would dictate, with regard to the revenge -which might be taken upon the perpetrators of the most liendish cruelties. While he acknowledged that vengeance belonged not to iian, yet in that sacred book which they all revered he read that "- the magistrate held not the sword in vain," and that sword must be used to crush the rebellion and to carry out the designs of the Most High. Major-General ALEXANDER, in proposing the appoint. meut of & committee, delivered an interesting address, detailing his experience, as a commuanding olifcer, at various stations in India. He beiieved that the present rebellion was long preconcerted by the proud, daring. and ambitious Mahomnedans, who had never ceased to hape for the renewal of lost power. It must not he thought that these rebels were cowards. They were bold, daring troops, who believed that every stroke of their sword gained them a step nearer Heaven, and that death in the fight secured them eternal bliss. Colonel Alexander then condemned the policy hitherto pursued of subsidizing tuJe heathen faith, and read seyeral letters which he had recently received from Inldia. C:aptain HIAUL.TrAIN, Royal Artillery, seconded the resolution in an appropriate address, and after a vote of thanks ato the Chairmlan the meeting separated. GLOCEST'ER. A public meeting was held at the Corn Exchanze, Gilocester, yesterday, to take steps for aiding the sufferers in the East. The Mayor (Mr. It. T. Smith) presided, and on the platform were Mr. W. P. Price, MAll, and several clergy men. Mlr. PRIcE., M.P., moved the first resolution * That this meetin a desrea to e2l,eee its sympathy for our felow countrymea in InDia in the crn,i and unheard-of sufferings which they have so nobiy endured, and the destitution to which so mauy Of them ane uow reduced." He said he would not occupy the time of the meeting in attempting to trace the cause of the disaster in the East, to settle how our empire should be reestablished, or how a uew army should be formed. These were questions of great interest, requiring the most anxious consideration; but amid the conflicting feelings which agitated the country it was his duty that day to appeal to their sympathlee in behalf of those who had sufferKd from the bloody outrages which had teen inflicted upon our fellow-countrymen. He would not attemrpt to stimulate that sympathy by any recital of those outrages on human nature which, as they were beyond the -ope and power of English imagination to conceive, so they were beyond the scope and power of Englishmen to describe. Iie believed that it was by a design of Provldence that Englishmen and Englishwomen had been placed in India to extend the blessings of Christianity 3nd civilization. It was to the sons and daughters - of England thus dispersed over that vast and distant country that the work of civilization was deputed. It was, there'tore, for us to encourage these distant countrymen and j omen by our sympathy at home, and to show them that - ?the protec-i'g arm of this country was sure to follow them, <-and t.-t our active sympathy with their distresses would be equal Lo the occasion, no mratter how distant the scene of their calaumi:es from hoime. The Rev J. J BARLOW seconded the resolution, which -was carried nnaniLously. M5r. J. A. W1IrTCt-msE moved the next resolution as follows : " Tbat this meeting desire3 ,'aaBlst the snxvivlng sufrerera and the wldows and orphans of theoe wht have faUen; and t o this end moat 3alorlcly enWreats the oontributlon ot every inhabitant of the city and neighcourhooeL He believed that there was scarc,ly a rman or woman in England who would not willingly conmz forward and as,ist their fellow-countrymen in their present 'sfferings. The Rev. J. EDGE seconded the resolution. First he spoke of the advantage of such meetings as these, the ressults of which were duly reported in Thc TiAnts and leading papers of the day, and were read by everybody. These reports must afford unspeakable comfort to our fellow-countrymen abroad as showing to them ouir active sympathy for their sufferings. He contrasted the present position of those fellow-countrymen, outoast and scattered aboat a slvage country, w.th their position a few short montlhs ago, when they were looked upon as having by their residence In that wealthy country drawn a prize in the great battle of life. le contended that although there mnight be occauional-perhaps frequent-acts of aggression and injustice cominitted in our government of India, stiU he defied the world to produce any case where the treatinent of a conquered province bore comuparison with the treatmiient by us of ndia, and he cited by way of contrast the treatment of conquered provinces by the Romans and Spaniards, A few months ago a relative of his, a young English girl of the age of 19, who had just left school, went out to India to join her father, an officer there. In a letter which she -wrote to her mother by a mail wlhich preceded that which brought the first bad news from India she spoke joyously of her anti cipated pleasure in meeting her friends. The next 3nail that followed brouqht intelligence of her murder. She 'was sitting at meals wsth her father when the Sepoy fiends rushed lnt,, tbe room on their mission of slaughter. What -did the English girl do? He (Mr. Edge) had taken great pains to ascertain the correct version of the terrible scene, 'which was this,-that on tho rebel soldiers entering the room she rose, and perceiving their errand, entreated them to kil her, but to spare her father. " Oh ! kill me; I am not afraid to die. I am prepared to die ; but spare my father, on whom so many lives and so much happiness depend." Hie considered that young girl as the fair type and speoimen of An Englishwoman. Those who had been nursed in the lap of luxury showed that when death stared ithem in the face, and indignities worse ten thousand tinies than death were offered them, they cherished Christian principles within them, and could die like Christians (Much applause.) Alderman WALKR1: then moved a resolution for the appointment of a committee for collecting subscriptions, such subscriptions to be forwarded as collected tothe central committee for distribution. Mr. ACKER, in seconding the resolution, contended that, although our government of India was not perfect it stood in magnificent relief to the despotism which it had sup. -planted. A vote of thanks to the Mayor closed the proceedlngs. LEWES. . mneeting of the inhabitants of this borough was convwned by the constables yesterday in the County-halL Xhe attendance was numerous. The Hon. Henry Fitzroy, -one of the representatives of the borough, sent a donation -of 251., and excused himself from attending on account of 'other engagements. Mr. Saxbh, one of the chief constables, presided. The Ron. H. 13RAND, sLP. for Lewes, muoved the first resolution, as foUows:- "- That this mseting, having hesr, or the barbarous maracraa of our countrymen and comutrywomen in India, desires to exprees its deerest sympathy with their sufferings, aud Its u:ter ahhorrenuce of the atrocit'lucom"lt,d towards, then,." Th hon. gentlerman spoke at lenoth upon the heroism and udes by our felUow-countrymen in India, and enpcluded by sayirg that, although the atrocities which had been perpetrated were unparalleled, the tide of affairs hadl now taken a turn, and the day of succour was at hand. Although this had been amostgloomy timeforallourfellow. subjects in India, yet he trusted that before long a brighter day would dawn, and that it would be the beeginning of a new era and a better government of our Indian possessions. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. SconELL seconded the motion, whioh Mr. E. W. BLENCOWE spoke in support of. Carried unanimously. Captain DALBIAC moved- "That a subscrlption he forthwith made In this town and neigh. bourhood for the relief of such cases of distress as have been or may be tioduced by the present mutiny in Indca." Mr. W. BUTTI'o seconded the motion, which was also carried unanimously. The Rev. C. S. GBxBB, rector of St. Ann's, moved,- " That the contables of the borough and other gentlemen, with power to sad to their number, be requested to act as a committee for carrying out the above object, and for raising and disposing of subscriptIons. " Mr. GODLEE seconded the motion. Carried unanimously. Mr. DoDisON, M.P. for East Sussex, in moving that " the thanks of the meeting be given to the ohairman," said he felt sure that the demonstration which the people of England were now making in support of their suffering fellowcountrymen in the East would have a good and great effect upon the state of Europe. The motion having been carried, the meeting proceeded to nominate a numerous committee, and take other steps for carrying out the object in view. QUEENBOROUGHI In conformity with a requisition signed by the incumbent, churchiwarden, and several inhabitants of the parish of Queenborougb, a meeting was convened and presided over by the Mayor on Monday, when the following resolutions were adoptedi:- First, oni the motion of the Rev. RICHARD BicELHAwr, seconded by Mr. S. D. SHRUBSOLE,- ' That this meeting desires to expres the deepest sympathy with our folowsoosnctryuen and countrywomen who have eudtiued such unparalleled sufferi.gs in India since the outbreak of the Sepoy mutiny; records at the same time Its detestation of the heartleas cruelties in- lleted not only oa men, but on helpless wounes, chaldrenu and babes, by tte mctine,r themselve3.andbytheviest rmimlnals released by them from gaols and imprisonment; and fervently hopes that the btrenuous efforts which both the British Govemment and the East Irdia Company are mgking for the rep,orslon of tho mutiny and the condign pirnisbhment of the guilty will, under the Divine bleesing, be peedily crowned with sucoee" Secondly, on the motion of Mr. G. A. LAiE, seconded by Mr. J OSIAHi HALL,- " T.,at tbiz meeting not oIly sympathlzes with sufferers abroad and mnournerd at come, bat would practlcally oviuce i's feeling for the destitutiou to which a lares body of our fellow-onuotrymen havo been suddenly reduced by the loss of everything they posessed in the total destruction of their properly, while they eccaped from the mut-neses only with their lives. &cordingly, this meeting recommends that collectlons be made at the doors of tihe parish church and other placeo of worbhip in 14ueenborough on the D,y of Humilitatiou, and thlit a commitzee be also now appointed to go from house tv houes round the town far the purp)se of soliciting further contributions to the Relief Funid collesting throughout the kingdom under the auspice3 of the Lord Mayor of London.' Thirdly, on the motion of Mr. AB&tALE, seconded by Mr. LAKE,- "That the Mayor of Queenborough, the incambent of the parish, Mr. S. D. Shrubsole, Mr. Josiah HTal, Mr. G. A. Lake, Mr. Augustus 11.:1, and Mr. W. Dod d) form the committee for the purpose specified In the last resolution." Considering the size of the town, the meeting was both respectably and numerously attended. It was addressed at some length by the Mtayor from the chair, and also by the niovers and seconders of the resolutions, especially by the inicumbent of the parish, who enlarged appropriately on the three chief topics of the first resolution. STONEHOUSE. A imieetinig of the inhabitants of this township was convened on Tuesday last at St. George's Hal for the purpose of expressing their sympathy with those who have, unfortunately, sufl'lred by tbe recent Indian revolt, and to aid by thtir subscriptions the Relief Fund now being collected to a,neliorate their condition. The meeting was presided over by Captain Craigie, superintendent of the Poyal William Victualling-yard, and there were also present Colonel Graham, R.tM., Rear-Admiral Blight, the Rev. Y. R. Panyne, Royal Naval tHospital, Dr. ron, 1'.N., Captain Gray, R.Mr., and several clergymen and lndependent ministers of the town. The first resolution was proposed by the Rev. W. H. Thet tbis meeting regardawith extreme horror the dlgustitng atrocities vhich have been perpetrated in Incla on the unoffendlng .i,d innmeet Christian populstton, and tenders ita deepest sympethie. to these who are suitering f om personal snd relative ofiliciun b1 remson of the rvcent muti.7.` The efforts being made to collect a fund for the relief of the sufferers would show that the people of England felt with the heart of one man for their unparalleled sufferings. HIe believed the present position of affairs conld not be attributed to any ont cause, but to a combinatiois of causes, not one of whioch might have been sufficient bv itself, but altogether proved more than it could support. He was convinced that the policy of EDgland in India was exempt from/ injustice or oppression. Mr. R. MIARsn Du r seconded the resolution. The Rev. W. R. PAVNE proposed the next resolution " That this mretiug, while deprecating a revengstli spirit, approves the vigoros meusmures now being adopted for the mainutnance of lawful aushborty In India: at the same time would Invoko the DIvine blessing on the British armns, so that peace and order na y be 50on restored to that distracted country." Rear-Adumiral BlI(;ITr seconded the resolution. One or two other resolutions of a similar character were then proposed and carried. ILivERPOOI- The subscription in this town in aid of the fund has reached upwards of 14,0001., and efforts are being made to work it up to 20.000t., a consummation which it is be lievSed will be effected by means of collections in the va rious churches nod chapels, with the help of further private aid. SHEFFIELD, Yesterday a public meeting, convened by the Mayor (Mr. J. W. Pye Smith), was held at the Town-hall, Sheflield, for the purpose of inaugurating a subscription in aid fo the fund for the relief of the sufferers in India, After speeches bad been made and resolutions moved by the Mtayor and others, a subscription was commenced in the meeting, headed by a donation of 501. from Alderman Dmnn. EXETER. The subscriptions in this city are progressing satIsfactorily. Last Sunday collections were made in some of the churchles, in accordance with a resolution passed at the re-ant public meeting. At Holy Trinity Church 251. was cc..ected; at Bedford Chapel, 401.; and at St. Sidwell's Church, 4:3. The Dean and Chapter have contributed 401.; Sir T. D. Acland, 501.; and the B3ishop of Exeter, 20. The total amounit promises to be very large. The public meeting for the county of Devon is not yet fixed, but it is expected to be held in the ensuing quarter-sessions week. Earl Fortescue, the Earl of Morley, Lord Poltimore, Lord Enrington, Lord Clinton, and other noblemen and gentlemen bave signed the requisition to the High Sheriff, and a very large aucd influential meeting is anticipated. SEAFORD (SUSSEX). At the annual meeting of the members of the corporation of Seaford, held at the Town-hall on Tuesday (Mr. Henry simmoni, bailiff of the town and port, in the chair), the sum of 10. was unanimmiously voted out of the corporation funds towards the relief of the English sufferers in India. It was also agreed that a subscription should be raised from the inhabitants generally. TAUNTON. The committee appointed pursuant to resolutions adopted at a town's meeting (already reported in The Tinies) have been exceedingly prompt in collecting subscriptions for the relief of the sufferers by the Indian mutinies. Tho town was divided into 24 districts, to each of which two or threo collectors were appointed, and the result of the house-tohouse canvass up to the present time has brought in the handsonme suiai of 4501. The bailiffs of the borough anticipate being able to remit to the Lord Mayor and London committee about 500l. NEWPORT, MONMOUTEHSHIRE. A meeting of the corporation of this town took place on Tuesday, at which the Mayor announced that the whole of the members had agreed to join the comiiiittee for collecting subscriptions. The district wlll be divided into certain parts, and the systemn of house-to-house visitation adopted, esterday aftern<oon the committee met to decide upon their arrangements. Considerable sums have already been obtained, REGBNT STREET. A few of the inhabitants of Regent-street, in order to sbow their sympathy with tho movement for the relief of the sufferers by the Indian mntiny, have made a collection from house to house in that street, and have handed to the Lord Mayor the sum of 6161. lls. as the result.
COURT CIRCULAB. BALMORAL, SEyn. 29. Hier Majesty the Queen, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Princess Royal and Princess Alice, and attended by Lady Churchill and the Duke of Argyll, drove yesterday to the foot of Gulliok, whence Her Majesty and the rest of the party rode to the eutnmnit. His Ruyal Highness the Prince Consort went out deer stalking, In the evening Sir F. and lady Thosiger, Sir James and Lady Clark, an Mr. and Mrs. Clark had the honour of dinng wnth Tier MIajesty. Despatches were received at the Colonlal-office yesterday from the Governor of Malta.
We are authorized to state that the final closing of the Art Treasures Exhibition, which was originally fixed for the 15th of October, has been postponed by the Executive Committee to Saturday, the 17th, in consequence of the necessary close of the Exhibitioni on the day set apart by Royal proclamation as a day of humiliation. LIVERPQOOL, Wednesday.-The American mail steamship Atlantic, Captain Eldridge,sailed to-day for New York with the nmails and 120 passengers. The Royal Mail steamship Asia -ill leave on Saturlay for New York, also the General Williams screw steaimship for St. John's and Portland. It is reported thnt Captain Eldrldge, of the Ericcson, was lost overboard from the paddle-box of that veFsel as she was leaving New York on the 16th. LONDOXN GRNJ'RAJ. 01NmYIBS COMPANy.-Traffic receipts for the wee-k ending Sept. 26. 11. 36i. 14s. 8d. CRYSTAL PALAUri-O u SHLuLIZNG DAY, WYedo-dI day. Sept. 3G.-Admnissions on payment, 13974; dittq by scaaoi lsciets, 1,tlfQZ tX81 vsiturs, 14,§S2 '
INDIA. fThe following appeared In our second edition of yesterday -I By the arrival of the Overland Mail we have received our private correspondence and files of papers from Bombay to the 31st of Aualgst. The following is the letter of our special correspondent at Bombay:- " BOMBAY, ArovuT 31. "My letter of the 15th of this month brought down the narrative of the siege of Delhi to the 27th of July, when four successive days of quiet had followed the latest engagement with the enemy, that of the 23d. For three days more, making in allthe unprecedented numberof seven-that is to say, up to the evening of the 30th-our pickets remained unmolested, and an occasional shot from the bastions alone testified to the presence of the enemy. Friday, the 31st, was the anniversary of the Mussulman festival called the "Buckree Eed," and it was reasonably anticipated in camp that on that day the long silence of the mutineers would be broken. It -was true that our spies from the city had at one time reported the existence of an ill-feeling between the Rindoo and Mahomedan Sepoys, which tended towards a refusal by the former to join in the celebration of a feast-day of the latter. But later and more correct intelligence represented that the jealousies of the Hindoos had been allayed by the watchful care and unsparing promises of the King of Delhi and his principal Mussulman advisers, and that, for the present at least, no want of unanimity was to be looked for in the proceedings of the rival races. On the morning, then, of the 31st it gave little surprise to see the enemy issuing from the city in force. One large body, coming out of the Cashmere gate, moved rapidly to the right to avoid the fire of our left battery atfHindoo Rao's house, and maintained throughout the day a desultory fire at long range upon our left pickets at Metealfehouse, aud upon the centre battery. At the same time a powerful force of all arms moved out by the Ajmere-gate, and took the road to Rhotuk, in our right rear, as far as Bussy, on the canal, where they made an attempt, rendered abortive by a rise of the water, to replace the bridge at that point, which we had blown up. The fire from the walls was hot and well sustainedthroughout the day, especially from the Moree bastion, at the north-western angle of the city, which mounted 24-pounders. Towards evening the party from the canal returned, and a general attack upon our advanced posts commenced, which lasted all that night, all the day and night of the 1st, and well into the morning of the 2d. Never before had the enemy displayed eo great an amount of determination as in this prolonged en2agement. Covered by the fire of several field pieces, and animating each other with loud cries of I Chalo ble i ." (' On, brother!'), they came nearer to our breastworks than they had ever done before, though their courage failed them for the final iusb. Our men were kept well under cover, and with slight loss to themselves inflicted heavy punishment upon the enemy. When, about noon on the 2d, the rebels at length drew off and the firing ceased their dead and wounded lay in heaps before our works, and long strings of carts were employed all the rest of the day in removing them to the city. On our side fell Captain Travers, of the Pimjab Rifles, an officer of note in the warfare with the tribes of the Affghan border, and nine men. 36 of all ranks were wounded. On the day following that of their bloody repulse, the 3d, the enemy, dull and dispirited, their enthusiasm, due mainly to potent physical stimulants, chilled and dead, never fired a shot. So on the 4th and i5th. On the Gth they exhibited a little renewed vitality. Their attack on the pickets was but feeble, and the party that made it soon returned to the city, but the fire from their artillery lasted some hours, and cost the life of an officer, Lieutenant Brown, of the 33d Native Infantry, attached to the Kumaon Battalion. Their principal and most annoying discharges came from a battery of heavy guns, which they had jnst erected in a portion of the suburbs,l and which is now known as the Kishnagunge battery. It is in advance and to the left of the Moree bastion, wlhich we have greatly damaged, and being skilfully placed, in a manner enfilades our right battery a' Hindoo Rao's house and the batteries on the ridge generally. It was at first so troublesome that on the 8-h Brigadier Wilson had almost determined to attack it with the bayonet, but eventually abandoned an idea the carrying out of which would have co.-t him many men, and bringing numerous guns to bear uponl the obnoxious point, succeeded in reducing the fire. For the next two or three days there were desultory skirmishes. On the 10th the enemy opened another new battery outside the walls; this time in front of our left, bearing upon Metcalfe-house and the picket stationed at that point. Tue fire from these gunIs proving troublesome, it was resolved to take them, and a force under Brigadier Showers did so on the morning of the 12th, with slight loss. Three officers were wounded-one, Lieutenant Sherriff, of the 2d Fusileere, mortaUy. The captured pieces were one 24-pound howitzer and two 9 and one 6-pounder guns. This, at present, is the latest news that has reached Bombay from the camp. "The strength of the army before Delhi on the 31st of July is given in a little paper printed at fioorkee for private circulation, and called the JI.(,fyrkec Garrison Gerette, as 6,200 effectives and 1,060 sick and wounded. There had been sent away 340 sick aud wounded. In the 23 actions that had been fought up to that date there had been killed 22 officers and 2!3G men, and wounded 72 officers and 9'3 men. To the numbers shown as effective by this statement, which I apprehend to be accurate, would be added by the 20th of this month of August, at latest, about 5,000) men. I know that it was the expressed hopo and belief of the Chief Commissioner of the Pumiab that at the date I have given the Brigadier in command before Delhi would muster 11,000 men. The Kumaon Battalion, with a large convoy, reached the camp on the 1st. Brigadier liicholson arrived on the 8th, having pushed on in advance of his column, which was expected about the 13th, and which consisted of the 52d Light Infantry, the remaining wing of the GI1st, Bourchier's tidd-battery, a wing of the 0th Punjab Regiment, and some Mooltanee horse aud foot, the whole escorting a powerful siege train from Ferozepore, whieh included several 10-inch mortars and howitzers. The remaining wvig of the Sth Foot, three companies of the 24th, with three gums of Captain Paton's troop from PeBhawur, and the 2d and 4th Punjab Infantry, and the otber wingc of the 6th, complete the present tale of the reinforcements supplied by Sir John Lawrence. It is thought very probable here that, with his hands thus strengthened, General Wilson would make preparations for a speedy assault, and many are sanguine enough to hope that in a very few da9y we shall hear that the place is at lasit in our possession. If all that we hear be true, the mutineers themselves were of opinion that the attack would not much longer be delayed. The King of Delhi is said to have sent away his senana to Rohtuk,or, according to another aocovnt, to Kutub, on the road to Muttra. One report e.sserts that this latter station will be the next resort of the insurgents, and that they are fortifying it, .r the approaches to it, in advance. But this I d.) not credit, and rather anticipate that the flight of such of the rebels as survive the fall of the place wiU be across, rather than down the bank of the Junina. Either course is perfectly open to thelmt, so far aa our power to intercept them is con- cerned; but I imagine that they woild most naturally make for Rohilcund and Oude, and, unfortunately, the bridge of boats is still in existence for their passage across the river. An attempt recently made by us to destroy this means of communication between the city and the further bank of the Jumna was unsuccessful. " In the immediate neighbourhood of Delhi things are looking well. The district of Hissar is becoming tranquilized. Among other prisoners had been apprehended the supposed murderer of Mrs. Wedderburn, for whom, as I mentioned in my last, the authorities were on the look-out. He was sent in to Hissar for examination, and has no doubt ere this been executed. Near Meerut a detachment of the 60th,the Carabineers,and some volunteers routed and slew a marauding leader named Sak Mull, and afterwarcds destroyed a village whose inhabitants had been engaged in an attack upon a Government post. At the date of the last accounts they were still in the field, doing good service towards the restoration of order. Agra, when last we heard from it, was safe and unmolested, awaiting the upward march of Grant and Ravelock. It is doomed,- I fear, to wait long and anxiously. Sir Patrick, indeed, has returned to Madras, to resume his command of the army of that presidency now that Sir Colin Campbell has arrived, but circumstances of a mo3t untoward nature have occurred to interfere with and delay the advance of General Havelock. Vhen I last wrote that enterprising officer was in Onde, as we supposed, where we had last heard of him, twice in the same day defeating large bodies of the enemy, driving them from strong positions, and capturing their guns. We ardently hoped that we should next and very speedily learn that he had been able to reach and to relieve Lucknow. But the strength of his heroic little band had been overtaxed. It was reducedi after the last engagemeat to less than 900 men; it was hampered by its own wounded, and by the stores and guns of the enemy which it had so gallantly captured; in its front, and covering the object of its hopes and wishes, were bodies of mutineers, mustering, probably, more thousands than it could show of hundreds. It was, doubtless, not without a bitter pang of disappointment that the General, aman as kind as brave, saw himself necessitated to retreat, and to abandon for the present the hope of relieving his imprisoned friends. But there could be no doubt of the pro priety of the measure, and he fell back accordingly to the river. The enemy took-heart, and followedhimup. Then he turned and stood at bay, like Moore at Corunna, struck once again fiercely and decisively, and, with an addition of two more guns to his numerous trophies, crossed the Ganges at his leisure, and rejoined General Nefll in the recovered station of Cawnpore. From the ruins of the cantonment, and from houses and places of concealment, the officers under General Neill have recovered a considerable amount of property, which they are desirous to make over, where practicable, to the relatives of its slaughtered owners. MIany other memorials have been found of the siege and the massacre, and two or three officers, supposed to have fallen, are said to have already appeared from their hiding-places to tell an appalling tale of horrors witnessed and survived. I met with, the other day, an extract from a journal said to have been picked up in the barrack where the European inhabitants took refuge and were besieged. It is scarcely to be read without tears, as in simple language it notes day after day the death of this or that member of the family of the writer-' Annie died; Mamma died'-and then abruptly ceases. Are we to have a repetition of these dreadfal scenes at Lucknow ? God forbid ! But we cannot but feel very great anxiety for the safety of this long-beleaguered party. Still, when last beard of-which I believe, though I am not sure, was as late as the 11ththey were well and hearty. But now, in regard to their relief, comes in the other most untoward circumstance, or chain of circumstances, to which I alluded above when speaking of the non-arrival of General Havelock at Agra-I mean the mutiny at Dinapore, which has set all Behar in a blaze, and thus necessarily retards the approach to Cawnpore of reinforcements for operations in Oude and the Doab. But for this unfortunate occurrence-rather let me say, but for the gross and culpable mismanagement of General Lloyd, commanding at Dinapore, the 37th, 5th Fusileers, 90th, and 84th might all have been at Cawnpore long ere this. You, no doubt, received aU the Dinapore details from Calcutta by last mail; I will, therefore, only remind you that General Lloyd, with the [Oth Foot, part of the 37th, and an European field battery! at his command, allowed the, th, 8th, and 40th Native Infantry to leave the station in open mutiny, to cross the river Soane, burning, plundering, and destroying, and to lay siege to Arrah, where were a few European and Sikhs in garrison and a number of refugees. That place, indeed, has since been relieved, and its besiegers &:attered, but not before a terrible disaster had befaUen a detachment of the 37th and 10th, under the command of Captain Dunbar, of the latter regiment, which, despatched by steamer to relieve it, were landed by night, led by traitorous guides into an ambuscade (a sort of gravel pit, it is caled in a letter I have seen), and there half destroyed. The 37th out of three companies lost three officers, Bagnall, Birkett, and Sale, and 61 men kiUed, and Captain Harrison and 23 men wounded. Tae 10th, out of 150 men, lost Captain Dunbar, kiled, and had half their number placed hors de comnat. Then the 12th Irregular Cavalry at Segowlie, near Goruckpore, broke out, murdered their commandant, Major Holmes, and his wife, and the doctor, and then moved down upon the Ganges, at first apparently for Chupra, a little above Dinapore, but then marched further up, alarming even Benares. The 65th Native Infantry, at Ghazeepore, is hardly to be expected to hold out in the midst of so much diaaffection. Nearer Calcutta there were, at Berhampore, the 63d Native Infantry and 11th Irregular Cavalry. These, it was thought well, after the specimen of native loyalty at Dinapore, to diearm, and for this purpose the 90th Regiment was halted on its passage up. Everywhere along the river are sations requiring to be guarded-Patna, Dinapore, Ghazeepore, Benares, MiJzapore, Ohunarghur-now that the province of Behar is disturbed. Chunarghur, for instance, is a place of great strength, a fort perched upon a cliff rising sheer from the river, and calculated from its position to give us great annoyance if surprised and held by an enemy. It was garrisoned merely by a few invalids. These have been reinforced by a half company of the 37th, but more, probably, are wanted. You may judge, then, of what grave effects this outbreak at Dinapore, this unchecked outbreak, has been productivein what serious jeopardy it has placed Lucknow. Moreover, it has endangered not ouly Behar, but the neighbouring provinces or divisions of Ramghur and Chota Nlagpore, thus threatening and rendering insecure the westem frontier of Bengal. We trust that the three other regiments of the China forece-82d, 23d, and 93d-wiU very soon be at Calcutta. Soene of the first may, I think, have been picked up by the Shannon from the wreck of the Transit, and be among the 1,7M) men whom, according to the pa-ers, Lord Eloii and Captain Peel have taker, to Calcutta. Probably the greater portion 7:re Marines from the Sanspar'.Al, which I 01ohsrved reached Hongkong four days before the S.,annon sailed f;'om that port for Calcutta. Sir JT ames Outram has goue up to DinRpore in supre `ne command of that and of the CawLnPore divi,w115, Genersl Lloyd w~a zummarily removed from his command, and there amD strong rumours, and yet stronger hopes, that he may be brought to a court-martial. " Leavinig Calcutta and its vicinity, I retun to the Punjab and Sir John Lawrence. The Chivqf Commissioner iB at Lahore. I have written already of wvhat he has done for the army at Delhi. in the way of reinforcements. He cointinues! hard at work, enlisting and training his new levies. He has already nominated the officers for 1) new. Punjab Irregular Infantry corps, to be numbered from the 7th to the 22d inclusive, and hopes to have, before the year ia out, an army of 30,000 men, entirely Sikhs, hill-men, and Punjabee Mussul-; mans; not one Hindoo or Hindostani Mahomedan. His province was, at the latest dates, quite tranquiL. We have, however, heard during the fortnight of one disturbance, rapidly and terribly put down. Oi the 30th of July the disarmed 2Gth Native Infantry mutinied at Lahore, killed their com- manding officer, Major Spencer, aud two native i officers, and then broke away, and fled up the left bank of the Ravee chased by the police and some of the newv levies. At a place 40 miles from Lahore they, attempted to cross the river. When the Deputy-Commissioner of UImritsir reached the spot the next after- noon he found that 'about 150 men had been shoti or drowned by his police aided by the villagers; 160 were captured on an island in the river ; 35 were coxnted drowning in trying to get olL Numerous fugitives were brought in from all quarters during the night; 237 were summaxily executed yesterday (Aug. 1), 41 died from fatigue, and about 21more had! been apprehended in neighbouring villages. In round numbers, 500 men are thus accounted for. If to these be added the furloagh and sick men, the Bhoojpore men, the Sikbs, and Pinjabees, and some guards who remained, the total strength of the whole regiment is approximately given.' This is from the official bulletin. 29 more of this regiment have since been executed-retribution swift and severe, but amply merited and most nece-sary. At such times it is lenity that is the real cruelty. "At Mooltan, an outbreak in part of a regiment under similar circumstances to the 26th-that i', disarmed-was at one time imminent. The corps isthe 69th Native Infantry, which in a letter from Mooltan that lies before me is described as 'entirely mutinous ;' but for the timely appearance of a regiment of Punjab Infantry on the morning of the 7th of June, there is, I am assured, little doubt, that, unarmed as the men were, a desperate attempt at mutiny and massacre would have been made on that night. It was the subadar-major of this regiment who was blown away from a gun in presence of the Bombay Fusileers, as I mentioned in my last. Five or six others of the corps have since been similarly disposed of. The guns used in these execu- tions were those of a native troop of Horse | Artillery, which, in spite of this service, have since, as a prudential measure, been disarmed. But to recur to the case of the sabadar of the G9th. On the trial of this man facts came out which are worthy of note. I am assured, on authority which I have every reason to believe correct, and which I knowf will be so represented in high quarters at home, that the mutinous speech to the men for which the subadar suffered was reported to the adjutant by a Sepoy, and that his story was disregarded by that cfficer, who, when questioned by 3Major Chamberlain (I presume it is meant after the story had been told to him), denied the existence of disaffection in the regiment. bloreover,when the men, roused bythe address of the subadar, were moving about the bells of arms, and refusing to leave them, the oflizers at the mess refused to believe a havildar who reported the circumstance to them; and subsequently, at the subadar's trial, when the commanding oflicer was asked if he knew of the disaffection, he answered, ' Not officially.' I need not stay to comment on this reply. Happily, the disaffection, which had a very real existence, was checked by the arrest and execution of the subadar and his abettors, and the tone and the manner of the Sepoys of the regiment (a splendid oine, by the way, to look at) are dlescribed as being far less swaggering and insolent than before. But the story I have told-and which, I repeat, I have every reason to be sure is in the main correct, or would not have told it-is wortby of remark as bear-! ing upon the qluestion of discipline in the Bengal army, and of the relations between the officers and ! their men. I leave it to you to jadge how far it is likely to have been a solitary case. "There is nothing else, I think, of importanCe from the Punjab, if I except a cmtemplated raid from Peshawur into the Eusufzie country, more! as a demonstration of force than to redress any I actual wrong. Each of the English regiments there, the 70th, 87th, and 27th, contributes to the little column, as does aLso the 21st Native Infantry,wvhich I thought had been disarmed with the rest of the native portion of the brigade. (Gholab Singh, ruler of Cashmere, died on the ,d inst., very stanch and true to us to the last. The Sil;` troops that he had arranged to send us will still, it appears, be forthconlinm . "In the Sangor and Nerbudda territories all is welL The columnn from Kamptee, joined by three companies of the 28th Madras Native Infantry at the detached station of Nnrsingpore, has crossed the Nerbudda and reached Jubbulpore. By this time! it is, no doubt, at Saugor. Mr. John Peter Grant is appointed Chief Comruissioner in these territories. | In the neighbouring native State of Bhopal the troops | are still hostile to us, spite of the good feeling of the Ranee,andare longing to getacross theNerbndda,and attack the Mladras station of Hoshungabad, but the full, broad, rapid stream prevents them. Scindia, remains neutral; his mutinied contingent, it is said, is unable to march upon Agra, in consequence of the flooded state of the river Chumbtil. From Mhow there is news by telegraph up to last evening. All was quiet both there and at Indore; but ' the temper of Holkar's compromised troops not good.' There is an uneasy feeling prevalent throughout the province of Malwa. We have lost a good friend in the chief of Rutlaum, who is just dead. " Of Rajpootana I have grievous things to write. Nusseerabad and Neemuch have both been a second time defiled by mutiny, and this time not by Bengal Sepoys, but by the tronpa of this Presidency wlhich replaced them. True it is that at each station it was a portion-at the latter a very small p.artion-of the Sepoys or troopers that failed in their duty, and, moreover, that all or the principal offenders were Purdasees, or men from HindoAtan-l mean, of course, from Hindostan proper, or 'Lpper India. Neverthelezs, taking into consideration aU that has now occurred in the way of disaffection throughout this Presidency, wlhether in Rajpootana or (of which more presently) in the Southern Mahratta country, one cannot but see that the disepline and loyalty of the Bombay army are slowly but surely giving way under the, strong temptation. Lot Delhi fal pretty quiickly. awsa we are iafe; but let there be a check or a disastees there for elsewhere, or even much delay, and I foal we (t speak of course of the Presidency generaRv, ncwt of Bombay itself) shall see troublous tinles. Well, to narrate what happened at Nueieerabad and Neemuch. At the former station the ist Boiubay Lancers are quartered, and 200 of the 12th Native Infantry, with a portion of the Qveen'a 83d, and a half-troop of European horse artil',ery. On the 10th of this month, a fanatic MI.nomodan of the ILancers, maddened by 'bhanv',' appeared on the I lines of his regiment, and by 'nis furious and uiafammatory gestures and addr;s,es excited a considera',le oommotion, which i 'prz.ad through the cantonment, and, was repreRented, %- 0The to0 ,I mtiny of the regi- mont. As previously arranged, all the infantry were at once ordered out to protect the guns, but only a smaU number of the detachmen oil the 12th followed Captain Holbrow, their coxmnanc int X oftictr. Ib was soon discovered that it was one madma u onlyr of the Lancenr that was at fault, and that he had betaken himself to- the 12th lines. Thil %er the. whole force proceeded under Brigadier Maca u1. The Lancer rode out, and fired at the Brigadier'LYhead, fortunately without effect, and he wat himself brought from the saddle by a pistol-shot fired by Lieutenant Swanson, of the Artillery, whi ch inflicted a vround that shortly proved fatal. Th e recusant 12th, moody and silent, but perfectll quiet, were then disarrneI, after an address by the Brigadier. The affair ii now under investigation. It appears certain that it was notpremeditated, but some of the m en behaved, I am told, very badly, and wiUl be selected for punishment at once. Ther are Purdasees. At Neemucl the mutiny seemse tohave been confined to the 2d Light Cavalry, and to about 20 of the corps only, of whom eight have deserted. The 12th detachment at this station, nnlike their brethren at Kosseerabad, appear to have behaved quite well. One of the 8.3d lost his life in the affray, it is said, by a stray shot from a. ccmrade, but we shall have fuller partictilars era long. To-day we hear of yet another outbreak near, if not in, Rajpootana, at the Sanatorium of Mount Aboo, near Deesa, in Guzerat. The men of the Joudpore Legion at that place rose on the 21st, and: after firing into the commanding officer's house and the barracks, and plundering the bazaar, were. repelled by a volley from the convalescents and invalids of the 83d, and descended the hill. One of their wounded was taken and hanged, the others they carried away in the dense fog. Mrs. Lawrence, wife of Colonel George Lawrence, the Agent in Rajpootana, was staying on the hilL At her house was posted a guard of the Joudpore men. They left quietly early in the morning, in obedience to one of the servants, vwho bade them remember by whose favour they had so long eaten the English salt, and do no harm tothe family of the Colouel. The mutineers are thought to have gone to join their comrades at Erinpoora, wbere, however, I believe the authorities are on the look-out for them. "lIn the Southern Mahratta country, you will rememuber, occurred the first instance of open disaffection in a Bombay regiment, in the mutiny of part of the 2,th at Kolapore, of which I wrote in ily last. Since then the remainder of the regiment at head-quarters, and also the detachment at Rutniagherry, have been disarmed by Colonel Le Graud Jacob, who has gone down to the district with special powers. At Dharwar and Belgaum respectively are the 2Sth and 29th Regiments, raised at the same time writh the 27,th. Both were undoubtedly wavering, and have probably only been saved from open outbreak by the timely arrival of the 2d Europeans, who by the excellent arrangements of the Government and the nayal authorities, were presented at the various stations at a time of year when, as Eome of the 28th exultingly declared, the coast wa - closed and no English could be brought down. Mlany executions have taken place-of mutinoua irisoners at Kolapore, and at Belgaum of seditious agitatora and of one native officer of the 29th. At the latter station aU the sentences were ordered by a native court-martial. Here the 3Iahomedan festival of the Mohurrum is passing, or, as last night was the grand night, I may &ay has passed, off qtuite quietly. The authorities were on the alert Mwith bayonets and tield pieces. WVe are anxious to hear that Hyderabad in the Deccan has been equally free from distLurbance. Up to the evening before last (the 29th) the tclegraph announced aU quiet. The wing of the 12th Lancers reached the station from Poona about 10 days ago. For Madras, too, where exists in the suburban village of Triplicane a very turbulent BMussulinan population, we are anxious ; but as late as the day before yesterday nothing had occurred to diaturb its ordinary tranquillity. I greatly regret, however, to announce a mutiny in a cavalry regiment of that presideney-the 8thwhich, ordered to Mladras to embark for service at Calcutta, refuzsed to go. Its horses were tat-en away and sent to Calcutta; the men were disarmed of their pistols and carbines, but were allowved to retain their swords, and in this condition are now doing duty at Arcot. One's first impression is that they have got off rather easily. "Here, in Bombay, we mayconsider ourselves safe even should disaffection declare itself amnong the Ikth and I! tlh Regiments, of which at present the InteLLi-ence Department, which has been right in its previous warnings, and deserves respect for general success, declares itself ignorant. At Sattara the townspeople have been disarmed. At Poona a siaiLar mneasure has been once or twice proposed, but as often ahandoned, which is singular, if there be danger suLfficient to warrant the hringiog ou1t loaded (-pounders to the chlurch on Sandays. This has actually been (lone more than onee. "yo; wvill have recsived by last miail the Calcutta p etition for the transfer of the go-eernment of this countO'totlieCrown. Ihave jnst seen it. I cannotyet say wlhether it will tiud here the favour wlhich iS solicited for it fromn the mercautie andt other bodies, but i, for my own part, think it will not. For a docnment emanatlng from men of7 eminence, I believ'e, among the merchants and among the lawyers, it is, I think, eminentlyweak, illogical, and unfair. By a convenieut p.:tirio. principii it assumes-what may be true, but what it does uot, as it should, attempt to prove-that the, mutinies are the result of an organized nnd deeplyramified conspicy, and prooeeds to censure theGovernment for not having discovered and provided, against the plok It utterly ignores Lord Canning s sending to China and to England for reinforcements, olames him for declining to awcept the proffered, service of the-militia, 1hen assorts that his policup to the hour of writing had undergone no changr, and yet in che next sentence inentions the enrolmen of the vclunteer gpards and of the yeomanry- _ inveighs against the censorship of the prw 3, which, with a studious hali-truth, it -a v was un,ecessary with regard tv the Eri;s ish papers, ',nd winds up *vth a- prayer for tl-sr inmediav5 introdaotion of hali-as-do7en lsdical changp5, for the majority of wh ich it has slvzv .n no rea,soa whatever. WhenL I atidL to these special faults of the petiiWQn the general errcr of its pronsoters iu endeavonring to straiten tho h anuds of Go-;ernrnrent at susi a raonenir. a3d in acti' rg thul-S as- it appears to me, unpatriotically, I hi ve given my reasouiu for thinking that the ('aleutta petiLon will not find many suppcUrtes in Blombhay. " Tbe fall ol rain has been ample, and 'Sstjicultural prospeas are good. Exchange on Fmg1udX 2s. lj3:' MADRA.S. The Bo&nI4y Core*te contained the f .llowing eomr munication fromn Madras, giving an Accolnt of the mlutiny in the 8th Madras Light Cavalry, which had caused cousiderablo excitemeTlt in the Southeru Presidency:-. " The 5th Regiment of AT.adras Light Cavalry, which was to form part of icne column esm rot-te for Calcitta from Madras, 1.as mutinied. This took pilace on the 17th or 1lth. The regiu.ent had volunteered for for ign service, aind was on ito, march down frow, Bringalore for the purpose of cmbarkling at . Ma.lras, but on its arrival at S'reeorn.utoro, ?;) niles from Modraq. it r'-tlt forward a lainm I .r th$. rptes -i pay, batta, aSi. per3iona whiqa
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TiMES. Sir,-I see in your paper of this date Colonel Birch's explanation in regard to the charge I advanced, of culpable neglect in the isuing of greased cartridges to the native troops in Bengal. That officer's reply is so strikingly corroborative ofc the character given of him and of his proceedings in a late " Historical Narrative" written in India, on the spot, and by a civilian, that I must in self-defence beg the insertion of an ex tract:- "Yet, in the face of these prejudilces; of the order to respoect them, and of the danger of the conseqsences which must result from their violation, no sooner had the Government of India resolved to introduce the Enfleld rifle par. tially into the Indian army than the Secretary to Government deliberately issued an order wihich, by violating the cate of the Hlindoo, was alone sufficient to bring about a revolt. The Enfleld rifle required a particular speoies of cartridge, and this cartridge in England was greased rwith lard mnade from the fat either of the hog or the ox. Without reflecting, or, if reflecting, ignoring the consequences of his act, Colonel Birch ordered that the cartridges for use in India should be made up similarly to the cartridges in use in England, and should be used by the nlative troops-that is to say, that Erindoo Sepoys should handle cartridges bosmeared wiith the fat of their sacred animal, the cow. The knowvledge of this fact wFas conveyed to tho Hindoos in the most casual manner. These cartridges had been madenup by Lascars-men of an Inferior caste. It happened that one day a Lancer requested a Brahrmin S3epoy to give him a drink of water from his lotaha, or brass pot. The Sepoy refused on the plea of his superior caste, and that the lotab would be defiled by the touch of the Las. car. The Lasccar in reply taunted him for talking of defilement, when he every day touched cartridges besmeared with COWs' fat. The Hindoo, horror-stricken, rushed to his coinrades and told them the story; they inquired, and found it was true to the letter. Indignant, believing themselves deceived by the Government, they wrote an account to their comrades throughout India. l?rom that moment the work of the agents of the Kiing of Qude wvas easy. " For a man occupying the position of Mtilitar Secretary to the Government of India to make so gross a blunder was unpardonable. Equlally so that, when the mistake wran dis. covered, no disavow al wvas made br Government for four months, and then only in consequence of the outbreak at MEeerut ! Well aware that the idea had taken possession of the Sepoys' minds, Colonel Birch made no attempt to counteract it, gave no intimation that the manufacture of greased cartridges had been stopped. H3e calmly surveyed the mischief his acts had caused, and-did nothing. Yet this man, whose blundering incapacity caused the revolt, is still Secretary t4 the Government of' Jndia inw the military department !" It would be an insult to common sense to follow this person in all his " quibbling ;" what matters it if, writing long after the event, I Inistook in saying which official 1 had addressed in way of caution ? Colonel Birch says I addressed the Secretary to the Military Board; it may probably be so. I place little reliance on his assertions; but he has access t,o records which of course I no longer have, and I must trust simply to a tolerable memory. HEe says t,hat what I have said of him is entirely untrue, but that doe not follow, even if I have made the immaterial mistake imputed to me; for was it not Colonel Birch's duty to make himself acquainted with what had been said on the subject of issuing new arms and cartridges to the Sepogs, and can any sane person see the distinction drawn between greased cartridges for one description of rifle and another1 It was not the weapon but the grease whieh did the mischief. Again, Colonel BCirch gravely asserts that the records of the Military Board in Bengal had been 6'depositea~" and that therefore the new chief of that department is not culpable for neglecting advice and warning given by the Adjuts,nt.General to his predeceasors. This statement shows preclsely what I have always thought, that this Military Secretary, who is now in the most responsible position about the Governor-Gfeneral, is too narrow-minded to understand a general questionthat he is, in a word, just what the historian of the mutiny tells us of him. What would be said in Englana if the successsor of Lord Ruolan in the Ordnance should ignore all the records placed in deposit in that department of the State ? No wonder wre are in peril wrhen our affairs in India are sO conducted. I am vonra faitfl,fill H. T. TUCKED Mvinr_maX IN WpOw .nJIOWSO, nsa? Ysxeotr, tSept, 22,
THE INDIAN MUTINIES. C MR1 CAMPI BBRPFP nTJVT.TT The following is from an offlcerserving before Delhi : "Camp near Delhi, Aug. 11. "Sincoe I last wrote we have remained entirely on tho defensive. The enemy have made some feeble attempts to attack us, but with veryilittle effect. In the meanwhile We are gaining time, whioh has now paed over from the Bide of the enemy to ours. In two or three days we shall receive a reinforcement of above 2,000 men, one-half Euro. peans from the Punjab, and expect Sir Patrick Grant, the Cormaander-in-Chief, to join us from the Caloutts side ere the month Is out. We now and then receive news of the progres and the victories of his force by couriers bearing letters secretod about their persons. I suppose you will be In possee3ion of more detailed news from that quarter. Our army Ig in very good health and well supplied with everything. It numbers about 8,000 men, "What a sight our camp would be even to those who visited Sebastopol. The long lines of tents, the thatched hovels of the native servants, the rows of horses, the parlks of. artillery, the English soldier in his gray linen coat and trousers (he has fought as bravely as ever without pipeclay), the F;lhs With their red and blue turbans, the Affghans with their red and blue turbans, their wild air, and their gay head dreseos and coloured saddle-clcths, and the little Ghoorkas, dresed up to the ugliness of demons in black worsted KRiuarnock hats and woollen coats-the truest, bravest sol. dier in our pay. There are scarcely any Porbeas (Elndoos) leftin our ranks, but of native servants many a score. Iu the rear are the booths of the native bazaars. and further out on the plain the thousands of camels, bullocks, and horses that carry our baggage. The soldiers are loitering through the lines or in the bazaars. Suddenly the alarm is sounded. Evesyone rushes to his tent. The infantry soldier seizes his mnusket and slings on his pouch, the artilleryman gets his guns harnessed, the Affghan rides out to explore; in a few minutes everybody is in his place. " If we go to the summit of the ridge of hill which separates us from the city we see the river winding along to the left, the bridge of boats, the towers of the palaoe, and the 4igh roof and minarets of the great mosque, the roofs and gardens of the doomed city, and the elegant-loolding walls, with batteries here and there, the white smoke of which rises slowly up among the green foliage that clusters round the ramparts. "Itwas anticipated the enemy would make a desperate attack on the Eed, the anniversary of the sacrifice Abrabam intended to make of Ishmael, as the Musulmnans repressnt it. It is commemorated on the 1st and 2d of AugUSt. The enemy made an attempt to get their guns across the little river to our rear, but the bridge they erected Ws carried down by a sudden flood, and they returned to the city. A large convoy entered our camp in safety next morning. On the evening of the 2d they eommenced an Attack on our batteries, which was continued the whole night. " The noise in camp was most alarming, and the roar of the guns from either batteries, the inesaant crack of musketry, the yells of the enemy, and the shouts of our men gave the idea of a sanguinary fight raging through the hours of darkness In the morning, however, It appeared that we had only lost 22 men in kiled and wounded, that the enemy never advanced nearer than 20 yards of our breastworks, and had been always easily turned by a steady volley from our troops, who kept well under cover, and certainly killed above 200 of ths enemy. "This attack was succeeded by a lull of three days. Since the 6th they have been trying to annoy our pickets by bringing out light guns and shifting them about among the trees to distract the aim of our batteries. Several of our officers have been wounded, and some meu kiled by their fire, which is also kept up from their guns on the bas. tions. They now and then throw shels and rockets into our camp, but they rarely do any harm. Their powder does not appear to be very good. On the 7th their powder maufactory in the city blew up with a briliant explosion, On the same day they established a battery to our right, which, however, is kept under by our own fire. " A great many fugitives from Cawnpore have come into Delhi, bringing aceounts of their defeat, and the fearful strength and ferocity of the Highlanders, The Sepoys are lodng heart, and are said to be deserting daily in great num. berm "There seems every reason to believe that when our troops enter Delhi a fearful massacre of the inhabitants will take place. The officers as a body wil do nothing to check it, as their blood is on fire, with the news of the atro. cities committed on their friends, and the treachery of the Sepoys,." The following is a narrative of occurrences in Delhi written by a native residing within the walls of the city:- " On the 11th of May, 1857, up to 8 o'clock in the morning all was quiet in the city, and everything was going on as sual. About half-past 8 it was rumoured that the mutineers from Meerut were coming to Delh. No one, however, believed it. About half-past 8 the Darogah of the bridge over the Jumna reported to the Collector Sahib that the mutineers had reached the other side of the bridge, that they had commenced plundering and burning the thatched houses. The collector ordered the immediate destruction of the bridge, and went himself with the commissioner to have the city gate shat. By this time the mutineers came this side of the bridge and entered the city. They first set on fire the bungalows in Durya Gunj and kiled the officers. Afterwards they plundered the dispensary near the fort, and killed Chimmun L4 native doctor. Seeing the commIsdoner going towards the fort, they pursued and killed him just as he had entered the gate. A general insurrection then took place, The rebels, with drawn swords, were going about the streets; they molested no natives, but were in search of Europeans. The bazaar was closed. Two regiments of infantry with artillery, which were stationed at Delhi, came into the city. No sooner the rebels saw them than they cried out, 'Brethren, we are fighting for religion, and expect your support.' At this time tho officer commanding ordered the troops to fire. Instead of firing, the Sepoys laid down their arms, when the rebels rushed on the Euro. pean officers and killed two or three of them; the rest made their escape. The mutineers then attacked the Bank, kiled the manager, and indiscriminately massacred the whole of the clerks, their wives and chUdren. The budmashes of the city plundered the Bank and set fire to it. Thence they went to the Kotwallee Chubootra. The Kotwal, Nuzeebs, and Sepoys having fled, they plundered the Kotwalees. They touched no natives; but wherever they found the Christians they seized and kilned them. They continued to do so till 4 p.m. They plundered and burnt the cutcherries of ,Fouidaree, Collectory-Dawanee, and Customs, and kinled the European civil officers. Some of them succeeded in making their escape. The rebels then went into the fort and assured the King that they were servants of the throne, and that he was their King. They were about to plunder the magazine, when the European officers blew it up. This caused a dreadful shook, and about 500 men were kiled. The mutineers afterwards took possession of the fort, and removed into it the guns and aramunition from the magazine. That night the bud. mashes, accompanied by a few of the rebels, plundered the bazaar. They continued to do so for two days, and released the prisoners of the gaol. The third day the King's Sowaree passed through the city. A proclamation was issued for the bazaar people to open their shops, and arrangements were made by the King's authorities for the protection of the city. Mirza Moghul wasap pointed Commander-in-Chief, and Mirza Aboo Bukur General of the Cavalry. The King furnishes supplies to the troops at his own expenoo. He has not been put in posses. sdon of the Delhi treasury; it is at present under the eus. tody of the Tilungas or Infantry. 20,000r. has been received from the Goorgaon treasury. A party of from 200 to 400 Sappers and Miners have arrived. About five or six com. panles from the regiment came inyesterdayfrom]Kynpooree. The 7umeendars and Goojurs plumder outside the city, RAo looha Ram continues to manage the district of Rewaree. Yesterday two companies of infantry and a party of cavalry, with two guns, left the fort for Rohtuk to bring in treasure thence; they will return either to-day or to-morrow. Varous reports are in circulation in the city; some say that British forces are coming to Delhi, others give out that Byza Baee is coming from Gwalior, and some say that the Rajah of Putiala is expected. The dAk is stopped. The rebels plundered the kothee of Wullee Mahomed, merchant, and eeized the horses belonging to the city people. They also plundered the Post-office and the Electric Telegraph. This mutiny is said to have originated on account of cartridges. Tho city people are in a con. tinual state of alarm night and day. " What I have heard about Ravwl Shoo Singh of Jeypore I here relate. The day the insurrection took place he was at this place. After two days he was sent for by the King, who desired him to write to the Jyepore Rajah, requesting him to come to Delhi with his troops. The next day Rawul Sheo Singh left DelhL At flewaree he was entertained by Rao Toola Ram. The report about his having surrendered to the rebels certain Europeans who had sought his protection is totally unfounded. A body of 4,000 Jyepore troops is said to be stationed on the frontier of that State. No one buried the corpses of the Christians; for throe days they remained in the streets and before their houses. Afterwards the King ordered the sweepers to collect and throw them into the Jumna. It is said that the King did not instigate the rebels to take possession of the fort. The mutincers suspected hss&ai OollA Khal Hukoom and Nowab Iuhboob All Khan as spies of the Eng. lish, and threatened to kill them. To save their lives theyundertook to provide the rnutineers with supplies. Guarda of the rebels are posted at the city gates; no one ia allowed to enter with letters. The Bhurtpore force is at floduL Mr. Ford, the collector of Goorgaon, is there. On the 5th of June two companies of infantry were escorting treasure from Muttra to Delhi; on their arrival at Eodul the Sahib ooUestor fled. It Is not known whether the Bhurtpore troops are still at Hodul. The Koteea of Elamjee Mull, Luokhinee Chund, Mhunee Ram, and the Ushurfee Kuttra escaped from being plundered. Sir Thomas Metcalle's son was wounded, but cnade his escape. The rebels have placed guns on Snlaimghur; all the ciby gates are shut-only the wickets are open. Outside the city fighting Is going on. It is not the rebels who plunder outside, but the zemindars who do so and burn viUages. Two Haurkaras were carrying Khureetas from the Rajah of Patiala to the Governor-General; they were made prisoners and brought before the King. It is said that the Rajah of Pntila is rendering every assistance to the British Government. He disarms all the mutineers from the Punjab who paus through Putiala. Several regiments of the Rajah of Putiala and the European troops have erected batteries at Alipore. On the 4th of June the rebels took up a position near Subzee Mundee. The force of Euro. peans from Meeerut have batteries at the bridge over the Tindon. On the 30th of May an aation was fought in which 1,500 of the rebels were slain, and they were driven into the city. Another battle will shortly take place on the plains of Sabzee Mundea and AiUpore. The rebels are busy removing the heavy guna to the spot. Besides the Poorbeas, a large body of Mahomedans have asembled to fight for religion. The King has given kettle drums and Rapgs to the Goojurs, with orders to plunder and kill the European forces, About 1,000 of them have collected. About a week ago a fakeer was seized by the rebels and taken before the King; they gave out that he was Sir Henry LAwrence, and had come as a spy; that formerly they had seen him in disguise at LIahore. The fakeer was taken to the Lahore gate of the fort and there puttodeath. The day before yester. day the King proposed to the rebels to nominate their officers from among their owvn tribe, in place of Mirza Sooltan Aboo Buker and others. They declined doing so, saying that until they conquered the European forces from Umbalia and Krurnaul they would not accept of the appointmentE. Since yesterday guns and large supplies of ammunition are taken to Subzee Mundee. A party of 400 or 500 sowars have come in from Cawnpore and have encamped near the Cashmeree Musjid. The numerical strength of the rebels up to this date is 7,000. Parties of 50 and 100 join daily. It is said the troops at Allighur, Julesur, and Mynpooree have mutinied. The European officers have fled. The following is a statement of sams brought by the rebels into the city from tho different treasuries From Muttra . .. ... 2.17.000 From Rohtuk ... ... ... L10.000 From Boolund Suhur... ... ... 64.000 From Goorgaon ... ... ... 20.000 From Hissar - ... ... 19.000 5.30.000 "The above is in addition to the amount in the Delhi Treasury, which has not been touched by the King. The latter has forced the city bankers to advance him money, saying that he would repay out of his stipend of one lao of rupees. On the 2d of June a great battle was fought. Thousands of rebels were killed. The British forces were victorious. On the 9th of June another action took place, and hundreds of the mutineers were killed and wounded. On the 10th the action continued and lasted till late in the evening. Since yesterday the sheUs from the British camp fall in the city, but as yet no lives have been lost. The rebels, although they have no commander, fight bravely. They, however, receive no reinforcements and are daily diminishing in number, whereas the strength of the British forces continue to increase. It is said that two Europoans dressed as natives came into the fort 'with an intention of blowing up the powder magazine. They were detected and killed. Twenty carts laden with supplies for Europeans, consisting of liquor, cheroots, loaves of bread, &a., were plundered and brought by the Goojurs. Bajah Ajeet Singh, nephew of the Rajah of Pntteeala, was seized by the rebels and taken before the King. The latter has given Ajeet Singh a good reception. The street-gates of the city arelkept closed. No one goes out of door. A shell from the British camp fell and burst in the Chandnee Chowk, which kiUled and wounded many people." " June 25. "Actions are fought as u5ual, but nothing decisive has as yet taken place. From 100 to 200 men of the rebels are klled daily. No information is obtainable of the losses in the British forces. Firing of guns and musketry kept up all night. Shells are thrown in the city and fort, which has caused the destruction of many buildings near the Cashmere and Cabul gates, and some lives have been lost. The Nusseerabad brigade of rauti. neers came in two days ago. It is said that the rebels from Juliundur and Neemuch will be in here shortly. Baldeo Brahmin, Duroga of the bridge over the Jumna, was seized by the rebels, being saspected of intriguing with the English. His head was cut off and suspended to a tree near the Eotwalee Chuboutra. The next day it was taken down by the sweepers and thrown into the Jumna. Tho bridge over the Hindon is broken; many of the prisoners who escaped from the gaol have left the city, others have joined the Budmashes; many of the latter have been apprehended. The Goojurs have plundered and burnt down Secunderabad, and they commit depredations on the road. There is not a single European or Christian now within the waUs of Delii". "June 27. "Two regiments of infantry, one of cavalry and artillery, which were on their way from BareiWy to Delhi, after crossing the Ganges, were informed that European forces were assembling at Meerut. This induced them to go to that place. A portion of the British troops before Delhi have marched vid Bagput to Meerut, None of the rebels In the city have gone to Meerut. It is said that a great battle will take place there. About two or three days ago a ' muhawut' with an elephant from the British camp came to the King, saying that he was so much annoyed by the Europeans that he made his escape. The King ordered the elephant to be kept in the Feelkhana and took the muhawut into his service. For two or three days the muhawut went about examining the different places in the fort, and then suddenly disappeared. It is supposed that he was a spy from the British camp, as, since the day he left the fort, shels are continually thrown on the palaoe, part of which is demolished. The Europeans have sacked Subzee Mundee and burnt the surrounding villages, as the inhabitants refused to give them supplies. The night before last a sheU fell in Cheelpoora, and killed a stonemason's wife. Everyone is in a state of anxiety, and business is at a stand. May God grant that matters may terminate well. There is no likelihood, however, of tranquility being speedUy restored. The elephant, which wps brought from the British camp, the King has offered at the shrine of Jootub Sha." " Jnly 11. "Traders have commenced opening the bazaar. The report which has gene abroad of grain seUing here at five seers for the rupee is wrong; wheat is sold at 30 seers, and gram 35 seers for the rupee. The mutineers pay ready cash for everything they purchase. Plundering hasrceased in the city. The shells from the British camp cause great destruction. God knows what will happen the day the English assault Delhi. The rebels are from 15,000 to 16,000 strong in the city. It Is said the European forces, including Sikhs, amount to upwards of 6,000. No news has as yet reached this place of the expected battle at Meerut." "The other day the King sent for the Snbadar Bahadour, who commands the tr'ops in the fort, and desired him either to removo him ou. of the fort or do something to stop the British shelling, which was very destructive. The Subadar begged the King toJ remain in the fort another day, and that during that time he would devise means to put a stop to the sheUling. Early tho next morning the Subadar, with a party of 1,000 Porbeas (natives of the Eastern provinces), armed onld with swords and muskets, attacked the British troops. They fought desperately, bat the Europeans and Sikh troops, who were about 10,000 strong and were on tho alert, opened a fire of grape on the Subadar. With the exception of a few men the whole of his party was destroyed. After a day or two the Porbeas, in a body, waited on the King and begged that, In considera. tion of their sacrificing their lives and those of their families In his servlcoe, he would prohibit tho killing of buUocks land goats in the Eed. The King agreed to do so. A party of Mahomedans, who were in opposition to the Porboss, placed a guard at a wel in the Begum's garden, with orders not to let the Porbeas draw water. When the Porbeas heard this they came to take water by force, which caused a disturbance, and people were kiUed on both side If anything takes place between the Mahomedans and Porbeas on the Eed day, Delhi will soon fall into the hands of the English. "It is reported that the Porbeas sent a message to the Bajah of Putteeala, inquiring why he was assisting the English, and telling him not to do so; otherwise, on the esablishment of the King's authority and the extinction of the English, he should be the first person to suffer for it. The Rajah sent an answer that it required an ago to remove the English, and that it was foUy on their part to wait for that event; that whenever they took the trouble to come to his place he would be ready to meot them. The Rajah of Puttocala has sent a large force to join the British troops before DeoUL" " The rebelz attacked the British position on the night of the 1st and continued their assaults at Intervals throughout the night-& desperate attempt to raise the sdege, but quite unsucoessful. They were repalsed with great daughter. British loss not known." " August 8. "Intelligence received from the British camp that on that day one of their shells had blown up the powder manu. factory of the rebels in the city. Some 600 artifoers and others said to have been killed by the explosion." THE ADVANCE ON CAWNPORE. The following is from a private serving In the 84th Regiment under General Havelock:- " Camp near Cawnpore, Sunday, July 19. "I am thankful to say, through the mercy of God, I am able to write you these few lines I left Allahabad on the evening of the 31st of June. Oar forme consisted of 200 of our regiment, commanded by our captain (Captain Curry) 200 of the 1st Madras Fnsileers, 300 of the Perozepore Regiment of Sikhs, and two guns, serred by artillery invalids, This force was to relieve the two companies of ours ir Cawnpore. We marched morning and night the first two days, when we received accounts of their being murdered iha Cawnpore. We marched a few days very slow, untll the night of the 11th, at 12 o'clock; we were lying on the road, and Were joined by six guns of the Royal Artillery from Ceylon, six companies of the 78th Regiment, and 'eve companiea of the 64th Regiment,both from Persia, 300 more of the 1st Fusdleers, and 200 more of the Slkhs, under the comnmand of BrigadierHavelock, C.B. We moved on 12 miles that morning, and were just encamplng four miles from Fattypore when wo were surprised by several g;nx opening on us. " Our artillery opened fire and advanced, also the idr. mishers; the remainder formed the support. We com. menced at 9 o'clock a.m.; at U aKm. we had taken nine guns and two howitzers; the artillery then shelled the fort for about half an hour, the 84th were then ordered to the front to clear the town. We shot every one we came across, The town was about three miles long. They mada a sts.nd outside the town; but we followed them for two miles, when they dispersed, and we lay down to rest under some trees. About 2 o'clock p.m. the heat ws dreadful; numbers of the men were struck down by the sun. 'he 64th had nine men died from the surn alone. You must refer to the papers for a ful account of the engagements, ax my time is so very shorL The first was fought on Sunday the 12th of July; on Monday we kalted; on Tuesday we marched 16 miles. They axnoyed us on our left fank, but retired, leaving one howitzer after them. On Wednesday the 16th we had a general engagement, seven miles from camp, on our road to Cawnpore; the enemy were posted Ia a very strong position, and at one time we were nearly aur. rounded; their cavalry got round to our baggage in rear,but after three hours' fighting we defeated them aud took three guns; we then halted and got one dram of rum, and pushed on again for a bridge about four miles further, and after three hours we defeated them and took two more 24-pounders; we werein the sun all this day,and I can assu you it is a dreadful fatigue. On Thursday the 16th we had the most severe battle; it commenced at 2 o'clock p.m., and [we continued fighting and advancing until 7 o'clock p.m. [the force lost a great many kiUed and wounded; all the commanding officers were wounded, and the General's horse F kIlled; my left-hand man, an old comrade, was killedaong. ide of me by a 24pound shot; it struck him on the brea3t. and the same ball nearly kiUed our captain, it carried away his sword and the lower part of his mat; it was a dreadful wound, and he is not expected to live. He was a great friend of mine, and, in fact, to every one in the company. We had 11,000 men opposed, with3 2,000 cavalry. The 24.pounder that wounded our captain was the last in their possesdon; it played on us three-quarters of an hour. The shot it fired took six men of the 64th; we were lying down waiting for our artiUlery, who were two miles In rear; the enemy's cavalry were very close at this time; they came on, their band playing and they shouting, but we put them to the route. The General came up and said, 'N ow, 64th and 84th, that gun must be taken by the bayonet; no firing, and recollect I am with you.' As soon as we advanced they opened fire with grape- It tore through our ranks with terrible noise. Our men were greatly fatigued; they had time to fire four or five times before we came to the charge. After taking the gun we advanced about half-a-mile. When we came in sight of Cawnpore the Artffllery came up, and habsed them into the town. We halted on the hill for the night. This was the fourth night we lay on the bare ground, and exposed all day to the sn. At 4 o'clock on the following morning the 84th marched into Cawnpore, scoured the town, took posesedon of all stores, and blew up the magazines; but the rebel force did not wait for us; they were on the way to Luck. now. We saw the place where they murdered all the Europeans, ladies, and children, the night before. They were all thrown into a welL We went back to the camp at 10 o'clock that night, and the force marched toward Lucknow the foUowing morning to relieve Sir H. Lawrence. I have struggled through thus far as well as the best. I never fell out or mised a day's firing, but I am sorry to say the old complaint is coming on me very bad; but to be cross-belted 40 hours at a stretch, with 60 rounds, in the hottest month in the year is no joke. I will some day give you a proper account, if spared; but at present I have not time. We are greatly harassed, and half starved." AN ESCAPE FROM NEENUCH. The following narrative of his escape from Nee. much on the night of the mutiny, June 3d, has been communicated to us byDr. Murray, late 7th regiment Gwalior Contingent.- " The explosion at Neem uch took place on the night of the 3d of June. For several days before I felt that,we were upon a mine, and expected a 'smash' at any given signal; it was owing, I fully believe (under Providence) to the tact and management of Colonel Abbott that it was averted for a time. "The night of the 3d was ono of the loveliest I have ever seen. The moon shone bright and clear, and not a cloud was seen throughout the whole expanse of Heaven. About 11 o'clock I had my bed brought outside as usual, where the sentry was pacing up and down, and lay down Ih my clothes, having merely changed my coat for a dresinggown. I had not been half an hour on my bed when two guns were fired, at intervals of a few seconds, by Walker's battery; this was evidently a preconcertod signal, for immediately after several shots were fired inthe direction of the cavalry lines, and bungalow after bungalow was set on fire. I assembled my night guard at once, and wanted them to aceompany me to Captain Laurie's house, where I expeoted to find some ladies, whom I intended to escort towards the fort or fortified square. The 'Naick,' (or corporal), said there was no use in going, that we should be kiled by the cavalry, and strongly adnised me to retire. I was going over myself, when I saw the Naick of Captain M'Donald's guard ruuning towards me- he was in a great state of excitement, and taking hold of me by the arm begged me not to go that way; the ' mem log' (ladies) he said had all fled, and the place was now fiUed by the mutineers. I saw some natives running about wildly, and presently several shots were fired not far from where I was standing. ' Chullo, Sahib, golee chulte' ('Come along, Sir, the balls are flying about') said the Naick, who now entreated me to leave the place or I should be kiled. Seeing that the affair had at last become serious, I desired my r syc' (or groom) to saddle my horse and bring him over to the fort. The Naick said 'For God's sake, Sahib, don't go to tho fort-fly at once into the country.' I asked him what he meant. He answered, 'all the fighting will take place in the fort,' ' All right,' I said, 'I am going to fight too. ' Upon this he indsted on going with me, and called out to twro Sepoys of the guard to foUow, They came immediately, and On our way to the fort (which was only about 300 yards from our honse he told me that as soon as the bnnga. ows were plundered and burnt the mutineers would atthck the fort, In order to carry off the treasure (We had about three lacs of treasure in tho fort, iL. 30,000O.) I asked hin how he knew that; he replied 'Such is the xeport' "I arrived at the fort just as the left wing, ander IAeutenant Rose, was entering; the sight wing, under Captain M'Donald, had already lined the ramparts and bastions, and presented a somewhat formidable appearne. The wholeregtmentbeingnow inside, the gate was orderedto be shut, the drawbridge taken up, and a strong party, under Lieutenants Gurdon and Davenport, was planted to guard the entrane I went on the rampkrts, where I found Captain M'Donald encouraging the men, and telling them thAt tho Artillery could do them no harm as they had no shclls. Lieutenant Rose was also on the rcmperts, doing his best to encourage the men. I was sorry to learn from bim that he had been fired at by a Sepoy of the regiment immediately after he had given the order for the left wing to march to the fort I looked upon this s a bad sign, for I had al along felt confident that the greater part of the regiment would stand by us. The fact of their not attempting tolseiE3 the mutineer who fired at Lieutenant Rose shook my faith in them very much. This Sepoy is known, and it is to be hoped that beforo long he will meet with his desert. " Shortly after we were all in tho fort, and while the work of destruction was being arried on outside by the mutiuners of the other regiments composing the force-troop of Hors. Artiller), wing of 1st Lght Cavalry, and 72d Regiment of Native Infantry-Captain M'Donald got out the olours oE [the 7th, carried them himself along the rampart, and un. furling them on the right front bastion called on the mex to protect them. This they declared they would do. " From time to time I walked along the ramparts, talk. ing to the Sepoys and enoouraging them to hold out. I ex. plained to many of them the high reward (viz., 6,000 rapees to each native officer, 300 rupees to each non.
T17E BRAZTLS AND PORTUGAL. (BY ELECTRIC AND ITER'ATIOAL TELE(SIL) SOUTEHAMPTON, WEDNESDAY EVEMN-G. The steamer Teutonia, Captain Gode, has arrived from tho Brazils. Her dates are Rio, September 1st; Bahia, 6th; Pernambuco, 9th; and Lisbon, 26th. She brings 28 paesengers, 11,037 bags of coffee, 1,000 baskets of figs, 1,037 rolls of tobacco, and a miscellaneous cargo. Her Mkiesty's ships Cumberland, Madagasoar, Spy, Virago, and Syren were at Rio ; and the Harrier at Pernambuco. The Teutonia spoke the Austrian corvette Caroline, September 4, in lat. 17.30 S., long. 37.57 W.; the Royal maU steamer Medway, the 5th, in lat. 15.50 S., long. 38.30 W.; the steamer Vehassoness, the 15th, in lat. 9.34 N., long, 2L5 W.; the schooner Demetrius, the 15th, in lat. 10 N., long. 20.50 W.; the bark Conlict, the 19th, in lat, 22.3 N., long. 20.33 W.; the bark Bona Duiz the 20th, in lat. 25.24 N., long. 22.43 W.; and the ship Tnomas Dunbar, for Sydney, at the same time; the ship Jane Frinzell, the 21st, in lat. 28 N., long. 21.20 W.; the English bark May Queen, from Cardiff for Valparaiso, the 22d, in lat. 30.18 N., long. 18.58 W. At Rio the coffee-market remained quiet,-about 45,000 bags sold since the Tamar sailed; stock comprised about 200,000 bags; good first was quoted 5,200 to 5,400 per arroba, and superior 5,500 to 5,600. The flour-market continued without animation. Freights dull; Channel nominal 40, and United States 55 to 60. In exchange little business had been done for the Teutonia at the following rates :-London, 27i to i; Hamburg, 650; Paris, 34. At Bahia the sugar-market continued in a sate of apathy; no sales had transpired with a few trifling ex. ceptions, and quotations were nominaL Cotton stocks mostly in second hands, and no transactions of importance had transpired; quotations were nominal, being those of the last sales. A slight im provement had takeen place in coffee in consequence of the higher prices paid at the last auction of Caravellas; about three mil bags unwashed seconds Bahas changed hands at 5,000 per arroba. Cocoa was flatter. Hides at nominal quotations, no sales having occurreod. Rum looking down, and holders demanded 1,500 per canada, but no sales had been effected. There was no tap(oc in the market. Piassava was in brisk demand, price5 firm, and stocks nearly exhausted. No demand for freighte. A few days before the steamer sailed, 10,0001. was effected for the Government' in exchange, at 27Ad. for 60 days; latterly, the same amount had been passed at 274d. At Pernambuco cotton was in good demand, and eagerly purchased at 8,200 to 8,350 per arroba. Sugars had declined since the arrival of the Medway; Muscovadoes, 2,850 to 3,350 per arroba; whites, 3,700 to 4,600. The new crop Wad commenced, but as yet unclayed Muscovadoes only came to hand. Exchange, 2&L, 60 days' sight. Freights for Liverpool, 10s. to 15s., and 5 per cent. for sugar; Channel, 30s., and 6 per cent., last rate. The Sardinian steamer Torino arrived at Pernambuoo from southern ports on the 8th, and proceeded the same day to Genoa. Her Majesty's ship Indefatigable, 50 guns, Vice-Admired Hope Johnston, put into Pernambuco roadstead on the 4th, and saUed for Plymouth the same evening. The Indefati. gable has been for three years the flagship of the south-east oast of America station, and during that time has besn almost entirely free from any attack of fever. She is sueceeded on the station by the Cumberland, 72, Rear-Admiral Wallace. There were no foreign vessels of war at Idsbon when the Teutonis left on the 26th. ler Majesty's steamship Con. queror, 12 days from Plymouth, entered the Tagus on the 22d, but went on for the Mediterranean- without communi. cating with the port, upon being informed by the Bdlem Health-office that bills of health were issued with a clause declaring it suspected of yellow fever. Oar IAsbon corre. spondent states that no official notice had boen given to the Consular authorities respecting yellow fever, or the clause inserted in the Custom-house bills of health. The cases actually classed as yellow fever were very few, and these only in the last stage of typhus, which had prevailed in the neighbourhood of the Lisbon Custom-house, generated, as usual at this season of the year, by the bad efduvia from the sewers and the hide warehouses. Altogether it was calculated that the cases of typhus and yellow fever did not exceed 20 to 30 a-day, with about one-third fatal; and it was expected the rains would soon purify the sewers, and that with the cool weather these fevers would entirely cease. The Castle Eden, with troops for India, passed Pernam. buco on the merning of the 9th of September. The Teutonia sailed hence for Hamburg immediately after landing passengers, &o., for Southampton.
THE BENGAZ ARMY. TO T}IE EDIDTO OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to enclose you the following extract from a letter which I have lately received from Calcutta, thinking that it may throw somo light upon the late outbreak, by pointing out the hollowness of the system which has pre. vailed In the Bengal Army:- " There has been a good deal said lately about the system prevailing in the Indian Army of so many officers being away from their regiments. I have spent a few hours to. day in making out the following abstract, concerning the Company's troops in the Bengal Army alone, -which may surprise you rather. The system Is rotten, absurd, and ha. famous. In fact, every man who gets a chance leaves his regiment for the sakc of doing any other work which he onght not to hoe doing, and for which they get estra pay besides their regimental pay, received for work which they do not do. It reminds me of that bit of the Confession, ' We have left undone that which we ought to have done, and done that which we ought not to have done.' "Abstract of Regimental Officers of the Hon. Ea&E India Company's Service in the Bengal Army alone, absent from their corps, compiled from the Bengal Quarterly Army LJist (April, 1857): 'On civil and political employment ... ... 216 Belonging to irregular corps, contingents, and forcs ... ... ... ... ... ... 260 "On leave, both on sick certificate and private affairs. ... ... . 416 " Emloyod on the Deppartment of Public Works . ... 148 Holding staff and other appolntments of a similr nature ... 17. ... ... ... 175 Total ... 1,215.' A pretty good list, Is It not ? for one Presidency. tr -r e.- I ---T. W. E.
AN ESCAPE.-We are happy to be able to state on the beat authority that General Parsons, C.B., who wae returned as " missing" after the Bareilly massacre, is safe at Nynee Tal, with his family. The General was not at Bareilly at the time of the outbreak, and has not been away from Nynee Tal for some months.-Hur-iru, July 30. I-NDLAN ENGTsaS.-Am I to Lit down to ray Times with a Tamil lexicon on one side, and a Teloogoo on the other? Am I to waste my substance on Sanscrit and Persian vocabularies before I can sympathize with the sufferin of m countrymen? Or must I go on, as at present, stumbling blindly from one guess to another? Why do the mutineers never rob, or steal, or thieve, or plunder? Why do they always loot? The practice at least is old, and why should the word be new? Again, why do they cut off the diks, and wby is there a circumflex accent over the a? What is a di.k ? Is it alive? Or is it a road, or ariver, or a water-course, or sometbing perfectly dissimilar to any. thing in England? And is a dacoit anything connected with t? Ipassby Sepoysand Peons, asweknowlaUabout them, and Griffs, I understand, are greenhorns as yet uninitiated into the mysteries of India. But it would be satisfactory to know whether Baboos are of the same genus, and whether a comparison is meant to be instituted between the ape tribe and the newly-caught cadets. Paddy-fields, I presume, are fields of potatoes- but the name must be annoying to those gallant sons of Erin who happen to hold the Company's commission; and at the appearance of such words as deen and paigah conjecture stands aghast, and despair throws down the newspaper. Now and then, however, there is an advantage in the air of mystery thrown over a communication by these enigmatical phrases, and a massacre committed with swords and bayonets hardly seoms so bad as one perpetrated with tulwars-a doubly diabolical weapon. But when the English in a station escape to the cute erry, it would surely be desirable to know what sort of a plac that may be, and whether our apprehensions ought to be increased or allayed by the fact of the said cutcherry beingmpkka. Here comes my dear friend Jones, whose daug ter has been in India scarcely a year, complaining that he cannot make out her letters. He knew, of course, that his little grandson would have an ayah, and so forth, but he as informed that baby has an almah, and wants to know if it is a cradle; or a bottle, or a perambalator, or a hare-lip, or a.strawberry mark. And will not tho child's legs suffer if, being only six months old, It is already put into a bandy ? I own I am inclined to advise Jones to be unpaternal enough to retaliate in a similar strain, and to tel Mrs. Eukkcab that he is golng to the polyphloisbolo thalasses, or, in the slang whicn another class of verbal contrabandists are try. ing to smuggle into our newspapers, to say that her last letter was rather nethographic, and ask If she would like to have a cruphaberna sent out, or whether her oook us an anhydrohepseterioen,Dlkec1's Gou9ho JFbrmI
BAiTrEBUPZ'Y COUBRT BaSinOWaU-Str Se L.M ; 'RI THE LONDO.-N AND WEST OF IRELAID FISHUNG A P7 %.- rA rn -, A -.. (Before Mr COMMiADsiner 1TTT.PnV-nI1 Mr. LAWRANCE said, in this matter, which was not in his Honoues list of to-day, he appeared for Colonel Daniel, who had petitioned for a winding-up order in this Court. In consequence of a communication he had reoeived from ColouelDaniel, and in consequence of a communication he had had with Mr. Vallance, he was happy to say that the Court would be spared all further dlscussion in the matter, Colonel Daniel was agentleman of very high position, and had written to say that, finding such a large body of the shareholders were unwiUing to assist him in winding up the affanrs of the company in the Bankruptcy Court, he did not feel much inclined to continue his course of pro. ceeding single-handed, although he might possibly be successfuL He therefore instructed him to withdraw the petition as a matter of deference to the wishes of the body of shareholders. Mr. Lawranoe proceeded to state that it was not at any time part of his instructions to make any charge of fraud against any of the directors, and he was informed by the other side that his other allegations would be successfully met. Colonel Daniel had no wish to place himsdf in antagonism to the body of shareholders The letter of Colonel Daniel had been written before the deCo. siou of Vice-Chancelor Wood in the case of the London and Eastern Bank. His Honour woald probably have seen the very correct report of that case as contained in lTc Times of Tuesday. The Vice-Chancelor seemed to lay It down as a very broad proposition that the wishes of the large body of shareholders should have moriority over those of individuals. It w,as satisfactory to his client that his course was consistent with the opinion of that very learned judge. He therefore had to ask that the petition might be dismissed. Mlr. VALLAXCZ, on behalf of the large majority of shareholders, wished to be Allowed to say a few words with reference to the proceedings on Friday last. The prospectus of the company, which had been published, was not the actual prospectus under which the company was established. It contained statements which were not adopted in the new prospectus, and it did not contain other most material ones. The same remark applied to the names of some of the directors. The commencement of business before the whole capital was p aid up wa warranted by the articles of the cempany. T he company was formed for the purpose of developing the fisheries of Ireland, and they had not been acting without advice, It was only justice to the directors to say that they held one-fourth of the capital themselves, and four-fifths between themselves and their friends. The only regret of the directors was that their efforts for the de. velopment of the company bad been unsuacessfnL They would be glad evcn now of the co-operation of Colonel Daniel, or any other dissentient shareholder. The directors themselves courted the fullest investigation. His HoxouR, in dismissing the petition, said, with regard to, the wishes of the general body of contributorles, it appeared to him that if proper notice was given of a nroposed meeting it could not be said by absentees that they did not consent to the resolution come to. If after notice they failed to attend it would be considered that they concurred in the resolution as adopted by the shareholders present. SiR IU LTIA? SDWAiXD H'uT. The bankrapt was a lioensed victualler of 82 and 83, Strand. His accounts commence May 31 1855, with a gurplus of 2,GiL, and close on the 20th of nAugust, 1857, with the following items:-IJnsecared creditors, 2,167; * creditore holding security, 3,093l.; liabilities, l,346L; property given up, 487L; property held by creditors, 4,5294 The bankrupt paseed his eranination unopposed. IT 11X JAS CEAXLES COCPXRELL. The bankru t was a dealer in horses in the *W andsworthroad. His liailtfes are 2,8801. ; assets, 281. On the application of Mr. CMDLzy he passed his examination.
MIDDLESEX SWSSIC, Wedmcaday, Sept 30. Oem . CiAS, ae Wc minster) Evan CoIeran, 19, was indicted for having unlawfully assaulted a child under four years of age named Elizabeth Sleigh prosecuted on behalf of the Associate Insti. This was a case of an atrocious character, and the evidence clearly proved the offence. The prisoner was found Guiuy, and sentenced to be kept to hard labour for o,e year. William Ashley, 38, described as a pLblican, and Joseph Jacobs, 30, were indicted for steabng a brougham horse and a quantity of harness, the property of Sarah Stevens, the mistress of Jacobs. The latter prisoner pleaded " Guilty." Air. Metealfe and Mr. P. I. Lewis were counsel for the prosecution; Mr. Langford appeared for Ashley. The prosecutrix was a livery stable-keeper, 10 and l, Belgrave-mews, Belgrave-square, and the prisoner Jacobs stole a brougham horse, an two sets of harness, which he, with the aid of Ashley, disposed of for 201. to a Mr. Bull, grocer and cheesemonger, 102, Union-street, Borough. Bsull was taken into custody, but was subsequently made a witness against the prisoners, which, Mr. Creasy remarked, was rather a fortunate circumstance for him. Ashley was oharged,asa principal in the larceng,with feloniouslyreceiv. ing the property as an aceessory after the fact, and w ith harbouing and conceslingJacobs, knowing that he had commnitted the felony. The jury found Ashley Guilty of receiving, and both ho a,d Jacob3 were sentenced to 10 months' hard labour,
FOLIGE. MANSION-uSE.-Charles Fould, alias De Henry, alias M?Mahon, alias De Fleury, a Frenchman, was brought be. fore Mr. Alderman HALE charged with having obtained upwards of 1,0001. worth of goods from Mr. John Fostdr Sykes, a flannel and blanket manufaeturer, at 72, Aldermanbury, under false pretences. Mr. Lewis, jun., who appeared on the part of the proseoution, said,-The prisoner is charged with defrauding a number of warehousemen and merchanes in the city by means of making false statements to them as an inducement to obtain their credit for goods. The prisoner, who is a Frenchman, seems tohave come tothiscountry,fromwhat ca-a belearnt of him, about two years ago. He at first passedunder the name of M'Mahon; he afterwards changed that to De Fleury, and after having taken several other aiases he started at No. 3, Cannon-street, under the name of Fould. Now Fould is the namo of the Mlinister of the Interior in Paris. He made it a means of credit by stating that he was a relative of that Minister, and that he had contracts with the French Government to purchase goods to a very large amount. He went to the premises of Messrs. Sykes and Co., manufacturers of flannels and blankets, at 72, Aldermanbury, and obtained from that firm upwards of 1,0001. worth of goods upon this statement, which turns out to be utterly false. He said that the blankets were wanted for tho French Government at once under a contract. Instead of there being any contract with the French Government, and instead of his being any relation of AL Fould, he did not want them for that purpose, for it appears that directly he got ossession of t e goods he took them to some premises in t. Mary Axe, where he disposed of them for a mere nothing and appropriated the proceeds to his own use. He has also visited other houses. I shall call before you, in addition to Mr. Sykes, several other tradesmen whom the prisonerhas anindled out of their goods. Finding he could no songerkeepup credit in the city, he lately took a house in the neighbourhood of Brixton in the name of De Fleury, where he has been living and secreting himself from his creditors. In addition to obtainIng 1,0001. worth of goods from bessrs. Sykes, he has in several instances procured 3001., 4001,, and 5001, worth of property under similar circumstances from other tradesmen in the city. Mr. John Foster Sykes said,-I am a flannel and blanket manufacturer and agent, carrying on business at 72, Alder. manbury. On the loth of May last the prisoner came to our warehouse for the first time. He was brought to me by a person named Knight, who was formerly in the employment of a firm with which I had had dealings. The prisoner told me he belonged to tho firm of Fould and Co., of 3, Cannon-street, and he left a card. He applied to me to sell him 42 pieces of flannel, amounting to 1441. 4s. 6d. Having given me a reference, I sold him those goods upon credit. On the 20th of the same month he bought goods of me, consisting of flannel, to the amount of 1201. 12s. 2d. He said he was connected with theFrench Government, and that he was related to M. Fould, Prime Minister of France. He gave me a bill at three months for these goods. He told me that he expected to have an order for blankets under a contract he was making with the French Government. That was on the 20th of May. I supplied him with those goods. I next saw him again the first week in June, when he told me that he had samples of blankets from other houses, and he gave me an order for 200 pair as ssmples, of which 150 pair were sent in. Ee told me that that order was from the French Government for the camp at Chalons. (A laugh.) He said that those who sold the blankets cheapest would get the order. Two or three days afterwars he called u7pon me and said that thesamples had been laid before the Govemnment, and that the order was for me. He showed me a paper with a French heading to it, which 'e took away with him. I did not understand what the document was, but he told me it was a contract from the French Government. He showed me upon the back of what he said was the contract a list of goods, compgising several thousand pair of blankets. He told me that they were to go to the French Government. He said he wanted a certain number every month,-about 5,000 air monthly, I believe. He gave a reason why he wanted them monthly, saying he was afraid he should not be able to sup. ply them all at once, and that it would be as well both for the French Government and for us to supply them in that manner, as the payments would be every fortnight. He told me that he himself would make the payments. Upon that representation I supplied him with goods to the amount of several hundreds of pounds. Mfr. Lewis.-Now, have you traced these goods 'to the French Government in St. Mary Axe, instead of the French Government in Paris? (Laughter.) Prosecutor.-From information which has reached me, I believe, if the prisoner is remanded, Ishall be able to prove on. a future day that the goods were taken to St. Marv Axe, and there disposed of. I have received information from the carrier who carted the goods that that is the ease. The prisoner was remanded. Lambert Phillip Molledown, a commission merchant, carrying on business in Mark-lane, who had been remanded upon the charge of having uttered a forged indorsement to a bill of lading, with intent to defraud Mr. George Anton, cornehandler, of 23, Fenchurch-street, of 750Z., was brought up for further examination. Mr. Robinson again appeared for the prosecution, and the prisoner was defended by Mr. Church. . T. D. Roach, a commission merchant at Hull and Altons, who gave his evidence on Monday last, was recalled, and in answer to Mr. Robinson, said,-I stated at the last examination that only one clerk in our employment, named Witt, signed bills by procuration. I wish to correct that statement. I find that another clerk besides Mr2. Witt signs by procuration. I also find that the bUil was not drawn against the cargo in question; it was drawvn for other oods thwat the prisoner had got. Mr. P, WY, Azgel,-I m in partnexship with Mz Ro*oli, and we carry on the business of commission merchants at both Hull and Alton&. I shipped on board the Catherina 300 quarters of linseed, and received on the 3d of September tbzee bills of lading for that cargo, of which the two produced are part. One of the biUs of lading was sent over to London unindorsed to the prisoner. At the time I sent it it had no writing on it. The second bil of lading I also received, and gave that as security to Messrs. Young and Mac.onald iH Hamburg. Before I parted with it I indorsed it as It appears to be lndorsed now. The indorsement on the bil of lading tke subject of this prosecution was not written by me or by my *uthority. I had in my possession a bill accepted by the prisoner. I supnse on the 5th of September. I sent it on the 2d, anFi got it back about the 5th of September. It Waas a balance due to me of about 5001 The biln was for 7791. 15s. 2d. It was to pay for a cargo of olleake that had been sent to HulL At that time he owed me about 6001., and besides that I had orders to exeoute for him. The cargo of linseed was only to go In part of the biU if it was paid. The prisoner had no authority to obtain that coro of linsee. He: would not have hadt any initerest in the linseed til the bill was paid, Cross-examined by Mr. Church.-I intended to ship the seed to the prisoner to order. I shipped it on the 3rd of September, and sent him the biU of lading on the same day. The prisoner might have got the goods under the bil of lading if he had paid the bill and the general balRnce he owed me. The value of the cargo was about 860. or 8701. The seed referred to in the letter produced is the linseed mentioned in the biU of lading. The biU for 7791. odd was drawn on general accotnt. I handed to Messrs. Young and Co. the Fnsoner's biL in paymeut for the oil cake, but they objected oit as not being a good one. I endorsed the bill of exchange. I have made several sales of cargoes to the prisoner. I have sent him on several occasions unindorsed bills of lading by post, and we have been paid for those caoes. I do not know how he obtained those cargoes. It Is zmal to send unindorsed biUs if we are not sure of getting the mioney. Be-examlned.-The prisoner had no authority from us to deal with tho cargo of linseed in any way before the blll was paid. Huggett, the detectlve officer, said,-I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday evening lst. I showed him the bil of lading, and said to him, "' I have instructions from Mr. Anton to apprehend you for forging an indorsement on this bill of Lainifg." He asked whose name was forgod ? I replied, "The name of Mr. Roach," pointing to that gentleman, who was with me. The pioer said, 'I beg your pardon - it Is known both to Mr. Ilach and Mx. Anton that that Abi of lading Is in the same state now as when I received it. This closed the case for the prosecution, and the prisoner, who said he should reserve his defence, was fully committed for trial upon this charge. The prisoner was next charged with uttering a forged bill of exchange for 4531. 19a. 3d. under the following circum- Mr. G. Anton, the prosecutor In the last case, said,-On the 16th of May I received from the prisoner the bill of exchange produced, dated April 27, 1857, for 4531. l9s. 5d., purporting to be drawn by G. Hall and Co., of Glocoster, on John Taylor, late Taylor and Francis, Nottingham. I took the bil n part payment of a cargo of barley. The bill, which was made payable at the London and Westminster Banlc, was presented and dtEhonoured. I have addressed several letters to G. Hall and Co., Glocostor, and they have been returned to me. I believe the bMll has been forged Mr. E. Estcourt, superintendent of police at Glocester said he had reided in that town for 24 yean, that be had made inquiries there for G. Hall and Co., and could not find such a firm. The prisoner was remanded upon this charge. GUtIDmUsL.-Sohn Charles Baner a fashionably.attired young German, wras placed at the ur before Aderman A., chaged with receiving a lge quantity of vauable ,goods, the property of Messrs. W. Demuth and C to have been stoleknwign.e The prisoner was committed to Newpate for trial. Bow-SRnz.-Xfr. John Holdor, late a lleutenaun in the army, and paymaster of the Royal Lancashire Militia, was brought up by warrant In the custody'of Sergeant Whicher, charged with embezzling upwards of 1,0001. Mr. Bodkin conducted the pTosecution. Mr. S. Kirby, of the War-office, proved that the defendant was paymaster of the 5th regiment of the Lancashire Miltia, in which capacity ha was Intrusted with large sums of money. He resigned the appointment in Febrary, 1856, after which defalcations to the extent of about 1,800i. were discovered in his accounts. These moneys ought to have been paid to the army agents, Measrs. 3t'Gregor and Co. The defendant addressed a letter to the authorities, which witness now produced. Defendant.-Oh, I admitted the deficiency, and I admit It still; but I deny that there has been any embezzlement, I had none of the money. My pay sergeant did the business. It was stated on behalf of the prosecution that a remand would be desirable without going further into the case at present. Defendant.-I also wish the casm to be adjounmed, for m solcitor is out of town, and my family and friends are a avy. I presume I shall be admitted to baiL M r. 1l-rny.-The defalcations are to a serious amount. i)efendant.--Supposing the full amount of money is put down ? Mr. Hmmy.-That cannot be done. If you can find two sureties in 2,0001. each, besides your own recognizanoes (giving 24 hou&rs notice to the prosecution) you may be admittedto hall The case was then remanded for a week, the defendant being committed to prison. WORSiP-STREETy.-MAri Clark, an inmate of Homerton Workhouse, charged on the 4th inst, on suspicion of having caused the deabh of hor illegitimate daughter, nine yeoars of age, by throwilng it into the Regent's Can at Quecns-road, Dlalston, was nory finally examined on her *own confession of the murder. MLfr. D'EThcoURT ordered her committal on the capital 2harge. CLZRWxrL.-CharIes Henry French, late cook at the St. Pancras Workhonse, a respectably-dressed man about 40 years of age, residing at 64, College-street, Camdon-town, s charged with stealing 841b. of sugar, the property of the irectors and vestry of tbe parihof St. Pancras. Mr. Tynwir said he shld take ball for the prisoner, -two sureties in 151. each. The necessary bail having been put in, the prisoner was discharged. THAIxs.-" G. F. R." has sent 20s., for Mrs. Chapman. LAmmwrss.-John Brooke and Harriet Peach were yesterday brought up before Mr. ELLIOTr for final examination, on the charge of burglary and stealing 2301. in notes and gold in the dwelling-house of Mr. Coleman, the King's ead Tavern, at Fecrham. The depositions having been completed, the prisoners were finally committed for trial at the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court.
LT41 HORSE. TO THE EDITOR OF THEE TIMES. Sir,-However contrary it may seem to modern experl. ence, there really were, once upon a time, genuine &onciftd6 Light Dragoons in the British rarmy. The first regment was embodied in 1759 by Genenrl Elliott, and called "Elliott's Light Horse." They are now the 16th King's Hoxars. Within 12 months of the date of the warrant of enrolment this gallant corps distinguihed itself pre-eminently at Emsdorff, as the foUowing extract from the Annual Bcgi-tr of 1760 wIll show:- " Advice had been reoeived that among the detachments which the French employed to reduce those fortreses which the allies had (gar. risoned on their retreat there was one very considerable formed of French and Saxons, under hS Glaubltz, moving towards Glegenhagen, a place of importance in the landgraviste ot Hegse. The Hereditry Prince, July 14th, undertook to relieTe It, and for that purr.ese selected slx battalions of the German troops, two brigades of Huntera, a regi. raent ot Husars, and Eliott's Light Dragoons. AIthough this lszt oores was but just arried, had been newly raised, and had never seen any kind of servicc, the Prince was wO well pleased with their countenanos. That he chose them preferably to all others for this difficult enterprise, and the event proved that he was not mistaken. " AL Glauhitz remained In the most perfect wcurity; be was under no sort of apprehensdon of being moleted by a detachment of an army at 60 miles distnce, tnder the ere, and, as it were, guad of a tuperior body,wvhlch demanded all its attention, when, on a sudden, he found himself, July 16th, attacked with the utmost violenc. The Hereditary Prince having reconnolted his position, made a detour of two leagues through woods and,mountains. fell upon his left, while the rat of his troops climbed the mountains on the oPposite side, and rushed with ths same spirit upon the right. 1" Glaublitz had scarce time to form his trooms and they were only formed to be immendiately broken, They retired vwith precipitation. leaving their camp and all that It ontained to the enemy. The Prince bad so disposedl is cavalry ea to cut cff the retrest of some, but tho most onusiderable part gained ground upion him. On this occasion he reled entirely on JlioWts Horse, as it ws altosether impoesible for the Infantry, alrady harased by the acton, and a most fatiguing forced march of two days to follow them At the hsad of this Horee be overtook the fugitives as they came out Of a wo, charged and broke through them five different times, separated a body of 500 from the rest, suruded them, and obliged them to throw down their arms. Having routed this, with a Uke rapidity he Slew to another bodr, who had taken post near a wood, turrounded them In the same manner, summoned and recevoed them all pruoner3 of war. A regiment of the enemy's Huan was entirely cut to piecel. Notbing wUwanting to oomplete his vietory. E;lot's LIght Horse, proud to be led on by the Prinoe himelf, and worthy of that honour, had the greatest shre of the (glory and sufferings of that day. So young a corps had nver so eminently distinguished Itself. No more than 79 of the allies were kilied In this acton, but of these n twar of this idnle reginent The number of the enemy kiled Is not known, but for a time the alaughter Was terrible. General Glaubltz himself was made prisoner, together with the Prinoe of Anhat. There Wereo besddes 177 offiorts and 2,402 psilato men. greater number of prisoners oould scaroely be oxpected from a victory in a gemeral engagement. The trophies were nine patr of oloIur, and six pleces of cawn non.l n all of the 'petite. gerroe of t his rampaiLn Ilnd the easpalgo between the French and the aes was almost wholly made up of such) this wa by far the most brMiant action, and alone might have edabUobed the reputation of the hereditary Prin, if anything had been wanting to estabUlh him the first man of his age in that speeis of war.. 2Now, it WaS My lot some years ago to examine the old muster rolls and descriptive returns of this regiment, and I then found, rather to my surprise, that this band of heroes cousisted of men hardly any of them exceeding 5ft, 5in., tho majority being about 5ft, 4in. Why not repeat in 1857 an experiment which proved so thoroughly successful in 1759! Why not, as "J. 0." recommends, organize some really light cavalry for India ? Plenty of acinve, sinewy men of light weight (lMle our huntsmen and whips) could be fonnd for the ranks, and better officers than those of the Indian Irregualr Cavalry, now unfortunately disposable, cotld hardly be selected. It has often struck me that a light cart with two horses attached to each troop would materially relieve the horses and be otherwise of great sorvice Giving a stone for each man's kit, and 60 men to a troop, each cart would have about 8 cwt. of baggage to car; allowing 2 owt. more for sick or wounded, the average load would be about half a ton - and I apprehend that well.bulft crts with that load wo;a be ablie to travel wherever guns could move, and might always be near, if not absolutely in company, each with Its ow troo. GRAVIO:R,
81 ^'. V. LYTTONY .A'T ST. -AI AY'.'" rho annual exhibition of the llets Agriculturl ' Society took plae ye.terday tit St. Alba.'s. rhe showof F zoek and| implenenlts, though rather deficient in qatitS y was con sidered xc5ellent inl point of quaihty. It wa 3 risited by aI large number of persons during the day, and sE emied to ex- I Citd :% good deal of interest in the town. In tV .e evening the nmoeubers and friends of the society dined .ogetber in the Town.-h.11. The Earl of V'erulauu Occupi ed the chair, and was supportod right and left by some of thf, rmost influential gontlemen in the county, the geiaeral co] npany numbering -upwards of 2(K). (Of the three nemIx srr 'for the cotnty only one-Sir E. I. Lytton-was present. F,ir Henry ,lux is in Scotland, and the absence of NL: P Olter vwas accounted for by the recenit death of a very n' ear *Q,ti,e. Af ter the usual loyal and patrio soasts had been given from the chair, and responded to with, nore than ordinary enthusiasm, Colonel Au'sas proposed "tb e am smbers for the county,' and the toast was received wi' I all jhe hsoOUrs. Sir E. B. LYTToN, on risio g to scknowledge the complimtnrt, was loadly cheered. 'He sa::d -My Lord and Gentle. men,- -I rise to return t4s .nks f Jr t.e hosour whidc you have bestowed upon mayse.lf and riyuo my two colleagues. With regard to Sir Re, iry M- Ar, am sure we must all wish that he may profit in heal' h I strength by his present excursion in Scotlvai; while, "th respect to Mr. I'tiler, we must -ll condole with hin) L tc %he severe aflhiction which has bhfo'en him, -r d regret tlmt we are deprived upon this occasion of an elovtuence w' siI alwvays adorns our mneetings, and vwhich has aleady, in Pa-liamoen, iustified the eNApecta'tions of his frierds. (Cl leers.) For myself, I may S3y it is very seldom that I fail is ttending t'-'. anniversary maeetings of this soeiety. (Hr Ar.3 'I always rejoice to meet so many of my constittents upo A an occasion which is free from the animosities of parties, when we may all equally congratulate the unsuccessful candaidatis, and when none isso unwelcome but what we thank 3aim for his exertions, and even encourage hims to try ng!'.r. But I mrust say that I-feel a peculiar rieasure 'a assr4ing at a meeting of our agricultural society with as the wais of this ancient city. Here, upon the site of s' me cf the most memorable events in our remotest annals; here, where the first rude inhabitants of the land fought their earliest battles 4gainst-the Roman legions ; here, v rhore the blood of the martyred convert became the seeei -f'the Christian cburch,-here it is that agriculture, the hest civilizer of manklnd, this day holds its peaceful f astival, and unites in one long chain of association our trime oricin as a nation te the vast improveinents which ripe saperience and inventive science can bestow upon humia,i aloo-,ar. And, my Lord, it is an appropriate addition to oar -interest in this meeting that it should have for its president one who holds the lands end dignifi, s tho-ttle of that famous Francis Bacon, who, whatever his multifarious avocations and researches, retained to the lastIhis passionate English love for the first and i:est o* English occupations. If that great man were alive now, and could witness the chan,ges and improvementq which hb1s estates have undergone, the sight might suggest to him one. otber illustration for bis admirable work On the Adranecrzeni of Learning. Gentlemen, I am not surprised that under such auspices this meeting should bh so numerously attended. I have heard with some regret that the exhibition upon the whole has been somnewhat more scanty as to quantity than upon former occasions. At the same time I anm glad to findthattherehavebeen inpointof quality several admirable specimens of cattle exhibited, and also that the show of implements has -been unusually good. Nevertheless I am sure that farmers and agriculturists .generally will excuse me if I entreat them to consider that exhibitions of this kind require quantity as well as quality, and I think I may undertake to say that if any of them would only have the kindness to suggest to the prizegivers a mode by which the nusiber of competitors could be ;=noreased their suggestions would receive, not only attention, bet the most grateful consideration. (Bear, hear.) If we wish to make progress we must always be a little discontented with what we have already accomplished. Of two men, if one says, " I have done my best, and can do no more ;" and the other, " I have tried to do my best, but hope next year to do something better," which, thinik you, will succeed ? Of course, you all reply, the man who knows that as we have eyes to see and ears to hear we are never too old to learn. Time is the eldest thing I know of, but tirme is nevertoooldto learn. Time is alwaystrying todo something better. To borrow the expression of one of the greatest of our orators-Time is Topresented with a sithe in one hand but with an hourglass in the other, and it is by keeping up to the improvements of each succeeding year-or, in other words, by consulting the hourglass while using the sithe, that British agricult,re has been enabled to embody the best elements of the British character, has obtained from the native flow of its own energies or fairor sunshine for its harvests than any shed fromu Italian skies, has reclaimed the fensof Lincoln, fertilized the sands of Norfolk, and raised this small county of ours, which little more than a centary and a-half ago wasa snere expanseof waste and wooded land, into the foremost rank of thosw corn-growing districts upon which the strength and prosperity of the nation depend. {Cheersm) I believe we shall eontinue to flourish and improve as long as while we try to do our beet, we hope each succeeding year to do something better still-or, in other words, as long as we consult the hourglass while we use the sithe. It has pleased Providence to bless us with an excellent summer and a most bounteous harvest,-and, as far as human judgment can foresee, the prospect before the British farmer is now enoouraging and cheer. ful. (Hlear, hear.) Various circumstances affecting the corn markets of Amerioa and the continent have, together with the discovery of gold in regions where it was formerly not known to exist, checked or retarded that great fall of prices which both parties haLd anticipated from the repeal of the corn laws; while the rapid increase of our own population, the sread of our towns, and that general nz tional pros perity walch, mn raising the standard of comfort among the working classes, tends also to raise the standard of prices, combined with the progressive abundance of the precious metals and with the fact that the British farmer is not resting supine, but is taking advantage of all that scisntific theory can suggest to practical experience, warrant the hope that this land of ours may long continue to maintain its chlldren and to reward its cultivators. (Hear, hear.) And, my Lord, out of the surplus of our rural population. Heaven grant we may have men to spare for the preservation of that mighty empire in which, while I speak, undor burning suns, against infuriated numbers, and before walls which are reeking with the blood of violated women and murdered children, English valour and en' -durance are affording to Europe a sublime spectacle of more than Spartan fortitude and Roman disciplins. (Cheers.) That, my Lord, is a thought which naturalI suggests itself in your presence, for we have drunk your health this evening, not so niuchi as a private individual who has consented to adorn our anniversary meeting, but as the lord-lieutenant of the county and the head of that force which HIertfordshire contributes to the wellspring which supplies our armies. The Militia is the mnain source of our strength and independence, for it enables us, being safe at home, to send our armies wherever our honour needs a cham. pion, our empire a defender. Small as this county is n the map of the kingdom, it was secosid to none in the zeadiness and zeal with which its militia, admirably offlcered and drilled, responded to the appeal of your Lordship during the ltussian war. But the war that has now broken out is not, like the Russian war, for the assertion of an abetract principle of justice, for the defence of a foreign throne, or for protection against a danger that did not -threaten ourselves more than the rest of Europe,-it is for the maintenance of the British empire. It is a struggle of life and death for our rank among the rulers of the earth. It is not a war in which we combat by the side of brave and gallant allies, but one in which we fight siglehanded against fearful odds, and in which we must neither expect nor desire foreign raid. (Hear, hear.) I do not know whether I ongist to apologize that a topic, which I think must be uppermost in all oar minds, has thus forced itself to my lips; yet it seems to me that, if so, the blame must be shared by the gentlensen whom I see around me, -for, whenever I see an audience composed chiefly of farmers and yeomeu, I am apt to consider that I behold an assembly so emphaticaUy English that nothing which vitally affects English interests, EngUsh honour, English empire can be foreign to the object of such a meeting. (Cheers.) If yoa respond to that sentiment-if you think that I amn not intro. ducing arnything which Is formign to what is uppermost in your minds-I hope I may venture to re'quest your Dermission to say a few words muore. (Hear, hear.) My Lord, I think it is no wonder that the heart of England is up-that the slow progress of recruiting for the regulsr army, and even the constitutional resource of the militia, should not eatisfy the ardour of an aroused people. It is no wonder that our journals should teema with offers of volunteers and froma class that has never befose furnished us with rivete aldidcrs. I am told that It is difflcult forr the war-office to avail itself of these offers. Difficult ! why, of course it is. There is nothing worth having that is not difficult. My life, and I sup e thelife of every man among yoa who has worked with hand or head, has been one long contest with difficulties, and nene of us would be the .men we now are if we had tamely allowed difficulties to conwtuer us. (Cheers.) ThereforeIsay it will not be to the ..oredst of the Government or the War-ofice if they cannot deviseEsome practical means by which to discipline and . organ4ze so much ardour. I should be sorry if we lost ehe ccasmon to show to Europe horw England, when necessary, -can start at once into a miitary nation without the tyranny . 'of conscriptions, and -without the ruinous extravagance of large standing armies. (Cheers.) The blood of many a stout English yeoman must have run cold In his veins when he read of the atrooiour massacres of Delhi and Cawnpoe, and he must have panted to show, as his forefathers often -id before, that there is no metal for a sword like the iron Iughshare. OQf voluntes 1n such a cause there can be no k. If I were but 10 years younger I would remember that I am the son of a soldier, and would be -a volunteer my%eL (cheers); and even now, if I thought it .possible that the young, the robust, and the adventurous needed anaezample from those whoseyears, habits, and etation might be supposed to incline them to refuse, I declare I should be among you to canvass, not for votes, but for .men, and should myself lead them against the esemaies of ,our race. (Cheers.) Bietif volunteers are to be of uie they ssust have good sense as well as will. They must submit to .the discipline and organization of soldiers; and, althoagh I Uihlnk It is but a reaconable demnand that when they are colfected from the same neighbourhood they should be formed 5nto the same corps, because they would then encourage each other, yet they must be aware that it would be wrong to ask for privileges which are incompatible with the present conatitutiou of the British army, and which, if granted, might created diseonteat an jealousyamon theveterans of the professional service. Nor mnust we forget that, invaluable as t+he aid of volunteers would be upon special aocasions and Ef.r limited periods to that arm-the cavalry-which our i3LUitia does niot en pply, yet for the regular reinforcement of that army which for a long tune India mnust require we ust to ook alone to the constitutional resource of the muia. (Hear, hear.) The whole quesW(on of India must shortly gomnand our most thoughtful consideration. We sre not now getting up discussions between town and country. One object is uppermost in the mindds of all-the preservation l of our empire, (Hear, hear,) The present Is not thehitime, nor is this t'ee pJkce, to 'Itkis~ the polio whj ha pro duced the revolt in India. I may, perLaps, bo permitted to -7 ythr-trevolutionsor revolts tre never sudden. Those vwhich a ppear to us to have been so had always given long previouis, though it nmight be nelected, warnings. Revolts and revolutions are like the springing of mines. The ground must bo hollowcd, the barrels filled, the train laid, and the matoh fired before we can be startled by the explosion; and therefore thO ilan who tells us thab a revolt which must have taken nmouths, if not years, to organize no prudence could have foreseen, or no energy could hare prevented, simnply Asks us to believe that policy is an accident and governmlent a farce. But the whole -f that qte s. tion it will be the duty of Parliament to examine, not witl the view of bringing tho force of pat'.y to bear sgainst individuals, who may have committOe. mere human errors of judgmeut-and, after all, the pahl',c itself is not free from blame for Its long indifference to o ar East. ern emrpire-but for the purpose of obtaining know',edge and guidanve for the, future (Hear, hear.) And now, my Lord and geutlemen, having concluded t'-e few and desultory remerks which I wished to make, 1. must again tha:ek you for the comnpliment you have kiir.y paid to my colleagwues and myself assuring you that sm long as I have a seat in Parliament L shall endeavour to do my duty conscintiously, gratefeL to those.-who hat trusted and con£ded in mne, but at the same time entertaining no bitter or angry fee,ing towards those who nmay-ot have honoured me with their su1Frages. ( lseers.) A va-.ety of other toasts, complimnctary and local, were afterwards proposed, concluding wifi " Prosperity to the Town and Trads of St. Alban's," which was acknowledged by the Mayor. The company did not separate till a late bhovr.
.UR. DISRAHLI ON THE INDIAN CRISIS. The 25th annive sary of-tha Royal Bucks Agricultura Associatio wias goeebrated At Newport Pagneil yesterdgy. This smael market 'own presented an animated appearance throughsut theoday. Therc was a large influx of farmers and farm labourers, a triumphal arch of evergreens decorated $Cie prinoipal street, and a hand of music onlivoned the multitude. Ploughing mnatches took place in the mornnag, and the operatlons of a steam plough attracted niuch notos. In tiso afternaon the annual dinner was held at the Anchor Inn, in the same apartment in which the leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons a few shortmsonths ago-deliveredthe Conservativemanifesto on Parliamentary Reform, church-rates, and other topics af domestic iriterest now wholly overshadowed by tl;e gravity of the Indian crisis. On this occasion Mr. Disraeli was the only one of the three county members present. Upwardg of 150 gentlemen, however, sat alown to dinner and were pre. aided over by Mir. P. D. P. Duncormbe. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts having been duly honoured and the prizes formally awarded, Mr. Ith,uicy proposed " The Health of the County Mera. bers," taking cicasion to eulogize the foresight and sagacity which had been displayed by Mr. Disraeli in regard to the Indian mutiny, and also to animadvert on the levity of Ministers quitting their posts to indulge in autumnal sports at so critical a cenjuncture. The toast was received with enthusiasm. Mr. DISRA5L-, who was greeted with loud applause, said. -Gentlemen, I beg to express to you, on behalf of my colleagues and myself, our grateful sense of the honour you havn conferred upon us. Although Mr. Cavendish and Mr. Du Bz6 are absent on this eocasion, I can assure you -if there be any need of such an assurance -that whenever the interests of the county of Buckingham are concerned no feeling of party politics or party connexion exists between us, and that we work together with one sentiment and one object-viz., to premote your interests, and to guard your rights and privileges. (E[ear, hear.) When we rmet some short time ago in this town, and, indeed, in this room, the prospects of the harvest, though looking favour. able, were still uncertain. It is a great souroe of satisfaction to me to appear among you again to-day, and to be able to congratulate you that, by the blessing of Pro. vidence, you have gathered a harvest which has seldom been rivalled for its exuberance and its wealth. .ideed, I think I may say without exaggeration that the general condition of our county, from the extreme north to the extreme south, is now one of great prosperity. It cannot be denied that during those years in which this society has been in existence there has been a considerable improvement in the cultivation of the soil of this county. Of course I am far from attributing that great result to the operations of this institution, which, although always useful, have necessarily been but limited in extent. Of late years other societies have arisen in this district with similar objects, and at times there has been-I think iiost unwisely-a feeling of jealousy armong the supporters of tbe older institution. For my own part, I have never shared in tha' sentiment, but en the contrary, have always felt that the more these societies were encouraged the more advantageous it would be for the county. It must be a source of great gratification to us to have at this board one so much entitled to our respect, not only for his personal character, but for the credit which his unrivalled herd and his success as a cultivator generally have brosght upon the agriculture of this county, as my friend Mr. Dauncy, who is in a few days to preside over the festival of a society which was once thought to be arrayed in hostility to the institution the an. niversary of which we are now celebratiog. Gentlemen, I hardly know that I should have ventured to aliude to any other topic were it not felt, I think, by almost every one that at this moment no body of Englishmen can meet without making some slight reference to the lamentable state of affairs which is now presented in our Eastern dominions and, indeed, my hon. friend Mr. Dauncy, than whom no one is more strict, rightly strict, in preventing any admixture, however slight, of party politics in tisese agricultural assemblages-a principle which I always uphold-has himself set me an example by what I am sure was his irreststible alusion to the circumstences in which the country is now placed. On that subject, therefore, I shall take the liberty of making one or two brief observations. Remembering how very recently we were assembled in this chasmber -only five months ago-it is impossible for me to forget that since that time one of the greatest calamiities that ever befell this empire has unhappily come upon us. This is certainly not a fitting occasion on which to enter into the causes of these great disasters, or to inquire who are the individuals upon who'n the responsibility for themn must ultimately rest. But I think there are two considerations which cannot at such a moment be absent from the minds of Englishmen. In the breast of every man there must now exist a feeling of profound sympathy for those of our fellow-subjects in India whose suflerings having dimmed every eye and pained every heart in the kingdom. And there must be equaUy present in every mind an anxiety that the Government should at this crisis take those steps which may be adequate to the occasion to vindicate our empire and maintain our glory, (Cheers.) These are not party politics; they are the feelings now uppermost in the heart of every Englishman. I believe it is now also the universal conviction that the description originally given of these unfortunate and extraordinary movements in India was not authorised by the circumstances of the ease. Day by day we have seen that that which was at first characterized as a slight and accidental occurrence is in fact one of these great events which forn epochs in the history of mankind, and wbich can only be accounted for by considerations demanding the deepest attention from statesmen and nations, But, although three months have elapsed since the startling news of Vaese disasters originally arrived in Englandalthough every succeeding mail has brought to us gloomy intelligence showing that these diasters are culminating to a proportion infinitely more terrible than the country at first natned-although we cannot flatter ourselves that either by t ie next mail, or by the mail after that, or even for a considerable period to come, we shall hear the cheering news which we were informed so often would immediately reach us, but which has hitherto eluded our expectation,although I foresee much evil, stil I do not now, and I never ave, counseUed despondency or despair. (Cheers.) But I am persuaded that if we wish to repair these nmisfor. tunes we must recognize their magnitude and importance, and that it is only upon this recognition that we can devise remedies adequate to the emergency. (Hlear, hear.) I have said that every succeeding mall has, like the one which has lost arrived, brought us gloomier tidings. We were told at first that though the Bengal army had proved false, yet that the amnies of Bosmbay and Madras could be entirely depcnded upon. Week after week, however, we have found that the hopes we have indulged have been faUacious in both of these respects. Greater disasters may occr. We shall probably learn that the Mabratta princes have risen against us. We must prepare ourselves for an insurrection in the Punjab-a province which we are always Inteld oas been faithful. Nevertheless, if England, instead of being induced to treat theso events as merely accidental, casuwl, and comparatively trifling, will comprehend that the issue at stake is enormous and the per oolossal I have not the slightest doubt that a natiop so great in spirit and in resources as our own will prove that it iS equal to cope with dangers of even that magnitude. Our perils arise not merely from those who have rebelled against our authority-our dangers spring not alone from the in. sturrection which may rage in our distant dependencies; if we undervalue the gravity of the crisis in which we are placed our greatest danger will be from ourselves. (Hear ear.) I may be permuitted, therefore, to express my hope and belief that if towards the end of this year a force of sufficient strength is landed on the shores of Hindostan, if that force is guided with the wisdom and energy we have a right to expect, if the measures taken are strong and comprehensive enough for the emerRency, we shall be able to vindicate .our empire, and shall have an opportunity, of which we may avail ourselves, to lay the foundations of a stable and, I trust, a virtuous Government. (Hear, hear.) And allow me to say-and I do it invidiously to no one-that I deeply regr-t that we do .not see the preparation which the occasion seems to justify. I would ask this question, as the subject has been introduced to us, not with reference to the conduct of any pottical party, but with regard to what at this moment most deeply interests Englishmen,-" How is it that all this time the navy of England never apl,ears to have played any part in the measures of preservation to which we have had recourse ?" We are now told that it is mainly by availing ou-selves ef our ganboats that we shall be able to penetrate into the interior and convey succour to our beleaguered countrymen. But there is not a gunboat in India. I see by the last accounts that the accidental arrival of a single frigate-the Shannonwas hailed with rapture 'by the inhabitants of Calcutta. Why, there are 30 frigates like the Shannon in England. hat are they doing? Where are they? Why are they not there? Are they cleaning their decks and squaringtheir yards? But if the casual arrival of a single frigate so much emboldens the authorities of Calcutta, and gives so much hope and encouragement to ourEuropean population, I say Chat is a proof that we ought to have an adequate naval force there, and that there should be gunboats, which might at this moment carry help and relief to our besieged countrymen at Eucknow and Agra, I take this opportunity, therefore, of expresiing my hope that the peo pie of this country will convey to these in authority that, at the present conjuncture, while they are ready to support any Ministry in an measures which will assert the empire of England and tend to bring rescue to our suffering countrymen in India, they do expect from any Government that this noble disposition shall be wisely taken advantage of, and that the measures devised shall be commensurate with the exigency. (Hear, hear.) There is but one piore point ogonted witl thi, uuhappy nbjeot on which I will Vrdnture to touch. when an opportunity is offered to t1$ and when at the end of the year that great ivance in%.O the country takes place which we anticipate, I have no d.oubt, and I expect, that all that tetribntion-if we may us', the expression-which the solemn ncoessity of ,the case r' quires will be exacted. (RIear.) Bat I may be permitt':d to add that I trust nothmng more will be exacted than th' necessity of the case does require. The horrors of war need no stimulant. The horrors of a war carried e,a as the war in India is at jJresent especially need no stimulant. I am persuaded that our soldiers and ou.r 5a'dlors will exact a retribution wbich it may, perhaps, 1%a too terrible to pause upon. Bat I do without the slighte st hesit.tioa declare my humble disapprobation at Persons of high authority announcing that upon the stv.ndard of England " vengeance," and not " justice," shr,nld be in. scrbed. (Hear.) \t this moment I see by the nev.'spapers that I Her Majesty has issued a proclamation for a 'day of solemn Ifast and humiliation, when she, inviting hc. people to join her, will humble herself before the Almkigh ty, acknowledge her sins and those of her people, and rApress her belief that in the existence of those sins serlae cause of these terrible casamities may be found. New how inconsistent it is for us as a great and good peple 'o obey commands so earnestly commuicated to vs by or Sovereign, to talk of fasts and hwauiliations, and at the s&me time announce that in the conduct of our foes we are to find the model of our own behaviour. I for ono protest against taking Nena Sahib as a model for the conduct of the British soldier. I protest agaist meeting atrocities by atrocities. (Rear, hear.) I have heard things said and seen things written of late which would make me almost suppose that the religious opinions of *the people of England had under- gone some sudden change, and that instead of bowing before, the name of Jesus we were preparing to revive the wor5hin of Aloloch. (Hear, hear.) i cannot believe that it is oir duty to indulge n suoh a. spirit. I think that what has happened in India is a great Providential lesson, by which we may profit; ard if wve meeb it like brave and inqairing men we may assert our dominion and establih for the fature in India a Government which may prove at once lasting and honourable to this country. (Hear, hear.) I hope that the clergy of our church, on the occasion that is impending, wiU seize the opportunity afforded them, while they support the spirit of the people by the conscioasness of the Divine assistanoe, to impress at the same time on the national mind that this is a Christian country, and that the character of a Christian warrior is not only to be brave but to be charitable. (Hear, hear., I will not enter further into this engrossing topic. It was impossible for me at such a moment to remain entirely silent upon it. My objecthas been to insist uporn two points which ought not to be absent from our minds-viz., sympathy with our suffering feUowcountrymen and countrywomen in India; and also a deter. mination to enforce upon the Government that the preparations for the future shall be adequate to the gravity of the occasion. As the arrangements for our meeting in this county, owng to geographical and other circumstances, are exztrem;ely difflcult, X would also express a hope that steps m-ay be taken so that Bucklngbamahire mnay not be found wanting at such a moment in offering that contribution to the national fund now in course of colection which I am sure the honour and the best reeling of the county would prompt. (Hear.) I trust when it is my privilege to meet you again that the aspect of affairs may not be so gloomy as at present. If they do assume a much brig hter character, depend upon it that happy change will not be due to our having treated grave events in a depreciating spirit. There is no error so serious as to underrate periL We should be prepared to encounter every danger when our duty requires us to assume such an attitude. But X never knew disaster which upon the whole could not be traced to the dealing in a light tone, and in a temper inadequate to the occasion, with the commenrement of great perils. I think the people of this country have at length been awakened to the importance of the contingency * and whenever the opinion of the nation is so aroused-whenever England knows that she has to put forth her greatest energies -I have never found that she has faied in the result. (Hear, hear.) I am persuaded, if a serious and solemn conviction pervades the land, that, instead of this being but a partial miitary mutiny, occasioned, as was alleged by a person of bigh authority when it first happened, by a mere impunlse of the moment, it isin reality a great and formidable rebellion that,ceomprehending the true positionof the emp£re,we shall be able to take those measures, endure thoee sacrifices, and make those exertions which wiU vindicate our Imperial power, and keep England what I hope she wvi long remain-the leading nation of the world. (Cheers.) Among the other toasts drunk during the evening were "The health of his Grace the Duke of Buckingham, president of the association," and also that of the chairman-
PRESM7rATION OP THE NEW SEffRIFF; AT OOMR PfJ7T7P iW R?FVlWlr)7nTTlt 'Yesterday, according to the annual custom, the aheri Ifs )elected by the citizens of London to serve the office, of Sheriffs of London and Sheriff of Middlesex for tb.a ea. suing year prooeeded to the Court of Exoheque;r, at West. niinster, to be presented for the approbation of Fier Majesty. They were accompanied by the Lord Mlayor5 Aldermen, R:corder, and other civic authorities. For tb.e first time the usual aquatic pageant was dispensed ith, and the procession procecded by land the entire disteucte. The court was well filled, among whom were many ladies. Mr. Baron - CbanneU presided in his scarlet robes. On takihg their places, The RooRE0DR (Ur. RussellI Grney) rose and said,-I bave the honour to present te your Lordship the gentlemen elected by the citizens of London to fill the office of Sheriffs of London and Sheriff of Middlesex for the year ensuing. The city, I need scarcely say, highly value the privilege of electing their own sheriffs, and knowing well the importance of the office, they think they may with aU confidence recommend the gentlemen they have elected to that high office. The gentlemen whomtheyhaveelected are wellknown. Mr. Alderman Lawrence, beyond his own personal claims, has strong hereditary claims on the affection and regard of the citizens of London. He is himself one of the senior partners of a film who have now for nearly half a century carried on an extensive businmess in the city of London. He is the son of the late Mr. Alderman Lawrence, who was for many years a member of the corporation of the city of London, and duringwhich time he manifested that great ability, that great practical good sense and strong affect ion for the rights of his fellow-citizens, and perfect independence of conduct, that in consequence of the ability he displayed while a member of the Court of Common Council he was, when a vacancy occurred, elected alderman, and for some few years afterwards he strengthened his claims upon the affections of his fellow-citizens by the manner in which he discharged his daties as a magistrate of the city of London; and had he lived to the present time, in aU human probability he would have been elected chief magistrate of the city of Lndon. He vould have filled that office this year which it is now the lot of his son to fill, the office of sheriff. He was elected for the ward of Breadstreet, one of the most influen,tial wards of our city partly on his own merits, but particularly in consequence of the affection every one en ertained for the memory of his father; partly, also, fron. the conviction his fellow-citizens entertained that it would be to him an incentive to follow his father's virtues, without disregarding his own personal claims and fitness to fiU that important office. Mr. Sheriff Alen bas been hitherto a stranger to the corporation of London, but was no stranger to his fellow-citizens. His father had for a very long pesiod carried on an extensive business in the city of London. He was descended from one who for many ears b Ad served his country in a military profession in foreign lands; but he himself, being devoted to more peaceful pursuits, obtained an appointment from the East India Company, and thisson, from the patronage he has given to Orienta literature and art, and from a fmiliarity he has with that most important posit;on on which the eyes of the whole country are now fixed, has been thought fit by the llvery of London to filU the office to which he has been elected. Those who know him know that he is well calculated to maintain the honour of the corporation of London, and to serve the public in the important duties which will devolve upon him, My Lord, I take the liberty of placing befora you the late Sheriffs of London. One unfortunately is prevented by indisnosition from appearing, but Mr. Sheriff Mcchi is here an think I need scarcely do more than pronounce his name to remind those who are familiar with such matters of the great service he has resdered in former days to the community at large, and those who have had the opportunity of observing know the zeal with which he entered upon the discharge of his duties. Yesterday I had the honour of visiting those who are best able to form an opinion, and the citizens at large were gratefully thankful for the services the late sheriffs had rendered, and unanimously voted their thanks to them for the manner in which their duties had been discharged. Baron CHAsNELL said,-Mr. Recorder, under the provisions of the late Act of Parliament the office of Cursitor Baron nas been abolished, but, in pursaance of the direction of the Chief Baron of this Court, I have the horour to preside on the present occasion to receive the Sheriffs of London. i have listened with great attention, and, you will allowme to say, with great satisfaction to the address which you have delivered on this occa ion, and it is most gratifying to me, in the discharge of those duties, to know that the livery of the city of London have followed the exanple which has been set by their predecessors, and have chosen gentlemen weU qualified to fil the important posts of Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and which choice gives the Court entire sa,tisfaction. You have represent-. that Alderman Lawrenao had personal claims on the affection of the citizens. I am extremely glad to hear thra associated with those claims there have been other tributes to his worth and integrity. You have presented the other sheriff. Mr. Sheriff Allen has not been so intimately associated in times past with his fellow-citizens, but it does seem to me that at a time like the present, having reference to the events which are occurring in India he wiU prove highly useful to his fellow-citizens. I have listened with great satisfaction, and I have no doubt atali that the gentlemen who are the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex will discharge their duties to the entire satisfaction of their fellow-citizens. With regard to the retiring sheriffs, they have performed their duties mo-t Eatisfactorily. But in retiring from the office of sheriff I hope they will not retire into private life, but will devote themselves to other important duties. Feeling that sati-- ,faction at the close of their year of office may induce them to aspire to higher duties than have now awaited them. The usual form of doing "suit and service " by chopping sticks and counting nails and horse-shocs was then gone through, and after the Recorder had invited Mr. Baron Cbannell to the Sheriffs' banquet in the evening the proceedings terminated. The procession returned in the order in which it had arrived. INAUIJGURATION DINNFRF The inauguration dinner of Aldemran Lawrence and Mr. W. Ferneley Allen, the newrly-elected Sheriffs for London and Middiesex, took place at the London Tavern last Ievenin Mr. baron Channell, the Solicitor-General, the Recorder, the Lord Mayor elect, Mr. F. W. Russell, M.P., Afr. Tite, .P, the Hon. G. Byng, Sir James Duke, M.P., the Sherffs' chaplains (the Rev. T. Madge and the Rev, T. Grose), Alderman Wire, Mr. J, Lawrence, & J., were among | General Sir A. MACLE,UIT responded to the toast of e Army and Navy,"proposedby Alderman LAwRFNCE, whose earnest and eloquent allusion to the heroism di. - played under such trying circumstances by our soldiers in India drew forth a hearty response from those present. Mr. Sheriff ALLgN proposed "The Health of the Lord Mayor," eulo'gizing him as the visitor and benefactor of ragged schcoYs and the fonuder of the Indian sufferers' fund. Alderman LAtWRZNCE next gave " The Lord Mayor elect," noticing his long and valuable services as a magistrate, which would form a good apprenticeship to the Mayoralty, and expressing an opinion that had a poll been taken on the previous day his Lordshlp vwould have been elected by a triumphant majority. Sir R. W. CARDIcY, in resonding, said he was highly gratified with his reception at the Guildhall which proved that, though their political views might differ, a man who had acted uprightly and had strenuously endeavoured to do his duty would never be forsaken by his fellow-citizens. " The Health of the Sheriffs, and thanks for their proluse ihospitality," of " The Judges," " The Bar of England, " and other toasts, followved. Mr. Harker officiated as toastmaster.
BURGLARY AND MURDER. About 2 o'clock yesterday morning a shocking murder look place at Bramall, four miles south of Stockport. A farmer and grazier named James fHenderson, aged about 60 years, lived at a farm in Robin's-lane, Bramall, called Hardy's farm, and about 2 o'clock in the morning the family were alarnmed by hearing the discbarge of a pistol cr gun in his bedroom, and the unfortunate man was after. wards found in bed with the left half of the upper jaw shot away and lying in a pool of blood. Hardy's farm consists of about 200 acres of land, rented from Colonel Davenport, of Bramall-hall, Cheshire, about a mile distant. The ho'wFe is a good-sized tenement, fronting to a garden and small lawn on the south, and with an entrance from the garden, and also a second entrance from the farmyard at the back. Mr. Henderson slept in a bedroom on the first floor, over a front sitting-room, near the head of the stairs; his eldest son, James Henderson, who is a cashier at a wholesale grocery house in Manchester, slept in a bedroom to the left of his father's, on the same floor; and Mrs. Henderson, the wife, who has been some time in ill health, slept with a married daughter in a bedroom on the right. A younger son, Thomas Henderson, aged 26, slept with a servant man and boy in an attic, and a female servant slent in an attic. Two Irish la4s, who had been working on the farm from June last, slept in a granary over the kitchen, having an entrance from stone steps outside the house, at the west end. The eldest son says he was awoke at about 2 o'clock in the morning by the discharge of a pistol in his father's room, and, getting out of bed, ne took down a double-barreUed gun that was ix his own bedroom. Oni opening his bedroom door, which is opposite the top of the stairs, he saw on the landing, half-way down the stairs, near a window there, a tall man, at whom he instantly discharged one barrel of the gun. The man gave vent to an exclamation of pain or alarm, and Immediately ran down the remaining six steps. Immediately after this his father's bedroom door was opened, and a light being extinguished at the same moment tbree men rushed out and went down the stairs. The wbole family were awake by this time and raised cries of alarm. The younger son having eome down from the attic then joined hls brother, and having reloaded the gun they went downstairs, and thence outside to the granary door, arousing the two lads who slept there. They found no trace whatever of the men who had bcen in the house, and there is reason to fear that the man shot at entirely escaped, as the charge of small shot fired was partly found in the wal by the side of the window, a small portion of it only having struck an upper pane of the window and broken the glass. As far as can be judged the shot was too high for any portion to have taken effect on a man standing upon the landing. On the two sons reentering the house they found that a sitting room door had been opened, and a I eathern writing case belonging to the'elder had been forced, or cut open, and from it 141. 10s. in gold had been abstracted. In the father's bedroom there was an order on the Bank of Scotland for 1001., and a receipt for 93l.10s. which had been lodged in the District Bank of Stockport on the previous day. These were in the drawer of a small dressing table, locked up, and there was no appearance of that drawer having been disturbed. Mr. Henderson had beld his annual sale of stock on Monday, and had sold 38 head of cattle, for which he had received about 21Sl., anfd it is supposed that the knowledge of this money having been received was the inducement to the barglary. There are several very mysterious circumstances about the robbery and murder, but which may probably be cleared up bereafter. One is that no door or winxdow had been broken open, so that at least one of the burg;ar3 must have bsen concealed on the premises to havs let the others in, unim by some accident one of the doors was' left nnfastened. Aa9theg oZ these cirQwnstancgs is that a,hp dog 'he house, and whioh that night was In the younger son's attic bedroom, did not bark or give any alarm. The third is the motive for the murder. The deceased was foundi lying on his pillow, and if the objeot of the burglars was hunder the firing of a pistol was the surest way to alarm the famil7 and defeat their own purpose. It iS possible, however, that the old man opened his eyes while the men were in his room before they had time to break open the drawers, and the murder was effected to secure retreat before he could lay hands npon any of them. The family, upon the discovery of the murder, communicated as quickly as Possible with the county police, and Mr. Chief Superintendent Andrews, of Stockport, was on the promises about 4 o'clock. Later in the day detective inspectors Maybmry and Buckley, from Manchester, visited the house, A post mortem examination was made of the body yesterday by gr. Graham and his son, surgeons, of Stockport, who extracted about a dozen No. 6 shot from the head, a portion of it having entered the brain. Part of a tooth had also been driven into the brain by the charge, and several teeth had been forced through the left cheek and were found on the room floor. Most of the family state that they heard the noise of feet on the staircase after the 3ring of the second shot (that by the son), and that there seemed to be three or four persons by the noise, though the sound was a muffled ono, as though the persons were without shoes, or had something tied over them to lighten the sound. There is at present not the slightest clae to the perpetrators of this shocking outrage. At first suspicion fell upon a servant man discharged from the house on Saturday night, but on inquiry he was found to have been at home all nigt. The farm is situated at a good dishance from any other house. (BY ELCTIC AND I1STXRNATIO2NAT TELEGRP.) MlANCHlESTE3R, OCT. L. James Henderson, the eldest eon, is in custody for the murder of his father.
THE FALKIRK BANK FRAUD. STIRLING, SATURDAY. A case which has excited deep interest in banking and commercial circles in Scotlaud has been for the last three days in the course of trial before Lords Cowan and Handy. side at the Circuit Criminal Court, held at Stirlin It will be remembered that in May last, when the inspec. tor of the Commercial Bank of Scotland was making an investigation in ordinary course Into the affairs of the branch bank at F31kirk, he discovered that money intrusted to the bank to the amount of between 25,0001. and 30,0001. had been iUegally appropriated or purloined by Mr. Hlenry mon, the manager of the bank. Mr. SPlmon was a Justice of the peace, an blder of the church, a prominent political leader, had been provost of the town, and Up till this perod he stood high in the estlmation both of the head bank and of the public. On learning that a discovery had been made he absconded, and in a few days after. wards committed suicide by hanging himself in the stable of a publicho se at Conway, in Wales. Salmon being thus beyond the reach of justice, it 'was resolved to indict William Reid, the tellr, and Thomas Gentles, the accountant, of the branch bank at Falkirk, on the charge of breach of trust and embezzlemaent, and of fraudulent violation of duty by facilitating and concealing the robbery perpetrated by Henry Salmon, the agent, their superior officer in the bank. Reid and Gentles were accordingly placed at the bar on Wednesday afternoon, and after a go deal of preliminary legal discussion, the case went to tral on Thursday. Jane Malcolm, Falkirk; Alexander Learmouth, Falkirk; Thomas Galloway, Palcirk- and Ro?bert Robertson, Gowrock, proved that they paid large sums of money into the branch of Falkirk, of which Reid and Gentles were cognizant, and that the receipts or passbooks were initialed by them in addition to the signature of Henry Salmon, the agent. (These sums never went into the ledgers of the bank.) Other witnesses were examined as to the general instructions issued by the head bank, and as to the duty and responsibility of tellers and accountants. On Friday the examination was resumed. John Findlater, the inspector of branches for the Commercial Bank of Scotland, was examined. He said,-I visited the Falkirk branch on the 12th of May. Mr. Gentles was then the accountant, and John Mackenaie the teller. (Reid, the prisoner, had previously retired from the service of the bank.) Mr. Salmon was not there when I arrived. He had gone to Stirling that morning. On looking over the books I found something which excited my attention. I found a deficiency in the cash. I mentioned the matter to Mr. Gentles, and from what he said I had the impression that I had not discovered all the irregularities that existed. Instead of finding the sums represented by the difference between the debt and credit side of the cashbook, I found a check from Mr. Salmon for 7,6641. 14s. lid., with the rest of the balance, some 5,0001. in cash. That check had not been entered in the books of the bank. The date of it was the 11th or 12th of April, 1857. Mr. Gentles told me Mr. Salmon had gone to Stirling, but would bobackabouthalf-past 5. Ourconversation occurred about half-past 3. I went to the inn to dinner, and then went back to meet Mr. Gentles. Mr. Salmon did not come back at the hour expected. I said to Mr. Gentles if there were any other irregularities he ought frankly to reveal them, and that the directors would no doubt take the matter, so far as reearded him, into favourable consideration. Mr. Gentles Rad told me that he had never got any of the money, but that it had all been applied by Mr. Salmon to his own uses. He then gave me a statement in writing of the amount of the irregularity or deficiency. [This statement was then read, showing the amount of Mr. Salmon's defalcatlons to be about 26,0201.1 I went to Edinburgh that night without Mr. Salmon. I reported what I had discovered, and I was Instructed to super. sede Mr. Salmon, and act as interim agent. I went back next morning with Mr. James Reid, the secretary of the hank. I first went down for Mr. Gentles, aud be came with me to the bank, where we saw AMr. Salmon, whom Mr. Reid (the bank secretary) had gone to meet. The cash and effects were handed over by Mr. Salmon to me, as interim agent. I had looked up the bank the night before and taken the key. When I went to the bank Mr. Salmon wAs engaged in writing a statement in presence of the bank secretary. [Shown and identified that statement. It is headed, "S ums received from customers of the Commercial Bank not entered in the bank books," is dated 13th of May, 1857, and signed by Mr. Salmon. These sums were:From cash acconnt of Countess of Danmore, 4,2431. 13s. 3d.; deposit account of the yotuger children of the inte Earl of Dunmore, 4,1811. is. 9d.; deposit account of Countess of Dunmore, 3041.; deposit account John Malcolm, 1.0771.; interest receipt, John Malcolm, 1,0001. ; current account, Mrs. Malcolm, 6601. ; ditto, Alexander Learmouth, 1,2721. ; cash account, Parochial Board, 4791. 12s.; interest receipt, J. Russell, 3,1231; depoeit account, ditto, 801.; interest receipt, Helen Hay, 1701t; ditto, Mr. Robertson, 8001.; ditto, Peter Reid, 800.L; bill of Mr. R. Melvile, 2301.- together, 18,4201.. to which add deficiency in cash, 7,6641.; in all, 26,0841. 'hIs statement was almost identical in its sums and particulars with that previously furnished by Mr. Gentles, the only difference being that Mr. Gentles stated the deficiency in cash at 7.0001., instead of 7,6641.1 Mr. Salmon continued in the bankthat day tillabout 12 o'clock. I never saw him again. Mr. Salmon said he would be happy to give every information in his power to enable the bank to extricate itself from its difficulties. [3hown various loose sheets in Mr. Gentle's handwriting.] They appear to be accounts current between Mr. Rcid and Mr. Salmon, and Mr. Gentles and Mr. Salmon. Examined as to the balances carried from time to time on these loose sheets.] [Shown Mrs. Jean Malcolm's cashbook.] The first entry there is 6001., 13th of November, 1854, and is duly initialed. [Shown the scroU cashbook of that date.] There is no such sum entered there. The teller does not charge himself with having received that sum. [Shown the clean cashbook, and referred tothe same date.] There is no entryof that sum in this book. The accountant does not charge himself with having received this sum. There was no account opened in the ledger in Mrs. Jean Malcolm's name until I opened it. It was the accountant's duty to enter the sum in tho ledger before initialing the pass-book. Shown Mr. Malcolm's first pass-book, and deposed that the sums entered there as deposited were neither entered in the scroll cash-book nor bank ledger. Witness made the same statement as to the entries In Mr. Learmouth's pass-book. none of them being entered in the bank books. In one of Mr. Learmouth's pass-books there is an entry of 4601., 11th of October, 18.55; but in the scroll cash-book the sum is only entered as 601., though before the six there is an evident erasure of a figure. The column appea.s to be summed np by John Mackenzie, the two last entries in the column being miade by him; and the summation corresponds with the figures as they stand. There are two entries higher up the column by Mr. Salmon. In the clean cash-book and ledger the entry is only 601. Reid's initials only were opposite the entry in the pass-book, but the entry itself is made by Gentles. [Shown Mrs. Malcolm's deposit receipt-for 1,0001., of date January 16, 1856.] I find no entry of that sum in the scroll cash-book to the credit of Mrs. Malcolm. I find no paid out entry corresponding to Mrs hMalcolm's check on the 16th, but on the 17th I find an entry to her debit of 1,0001. There Is no entry of any dleposit receipt granted to Mrs. MAlcolm for that sum on the 16th of January, either in the scroll cashbook, clean cash-book, or ledger,vwhileoon the 17th Mrs. Malcolm is debited 1,0001. throughout the books. Witness gave details at length as to the mode in whioh the transactions with other persons were managed. On cross-examination the witness said, -I remember GontIes saying he had frequently urged Salmon to put the accounts right, and he had promised to do so. I ascertained that day that the defalcation went to tho extent of the note he gave me-2G,0001. odd. I thought it my duty to lock up the bank and take possession The im- 'ression under which I went to Edinburgh was that Mr. lmon had appropriated the bank funds to the oxtent of 26, 0001. After this evidence the Court adjourned. The examination of Mr. Findlater was resumed on Saturday. He gave varmious details as to the mode of keeping the books,.Re said the connexion between the book kept by Gentles and the loose sheets kept by Salmon and Sime was establshed by an entry in the book corresponding to the sums on the sheet, The sums kept out of the bank books and recorded in the loose sheets amounted to 47,2421. 1&s. These sums were on the debit dde of the sheets, and had been received from customers. There were, however, sums on the credit side which reduced the amount due by Mr. Salmon to 26,0001. Alexander Kincaid Mackenzie, the general manager of the Commercial Bank, was then examined at great length. He had entered the service of the bank in 1837 as a clerk, and previous to his preseni appointment had friled various sub. ordinate situations iu the establishment. He deposed that kr. Salmon was intrusted with large sums of money, for which hevwas responsible to the bank. MIr. Salmon was Reid's superior officer, and primarily responsible to the bank Mr. Slmon's responsibility did not supersede Mr. Reid's. Gentles was under Mr. Salmon, and the same remark applied to his responsibility. Reid and Gentles were necessari y acquainted with Mr. Salmon's trust, and he had no doubt of their knowledge of his responsibility. He founded this opinion on the fact that the instruction says that " an agentisresponrdble for everythingdoneinthe bank." When the defalcations were discovered Mr. Reid had left the bank for some time. Mr. Gentles was continued as aocountant for some time under Mr. Findlater. The witness was cross-examined by Mfr. YoM (. for the prisoner Reid, and stated that an agent was not precluded from receiving and making paymentrs, though a teller had beenappointed. The agent had alwysfull and complet access to the- cash. JAcsRs oid, neqrgta to thc Con mdIl Bank of Sot- land, deponed,-I wasat Valldrk branch on the 15th of Ma last. I went to fet Salmon, while Findlater went to get G entles. I saw Mr. Selmon. I was shown into the drawmg room. He came In. He commenoed by sayiDg this was m wretched business. I said it was. He said he knew I wa¢ coming out, and shortly after we went to the offlice. flnd later and Gentles were there. I made an investigatiors. into Salmon's deficiencies, and received from him a note, of what he had embezzled. I then asked a full accounn of each separate embezzlement, which he sid he h#4. no obection to give, but there would be some difaU. culty about it. ee vwould require the assistance of Gentle* to make it up. Shown the document made up, and Identli fied it as the account so made up. He said he would require some memorandums. These he said Gentles could furnish4 Gentles produced some looe sheets after he came to the office, and assisted Yr. Salmon to make out the statemet,, (Identified the loose sheets.) Was much surprised at the extent of the defalcations, and asked Mr. Salmon for nra. historical account of each of the transactions. Identified * document shown him purporting to be a statement of Mr. Salmon's defalcatlons, and stated that It was signedl by Salmon and Gentles under his own eye. Showi a document bearing to be a statement of sumS entered in pass-books, but not entered in the ordinary hank books, and spoke to several entries made therein. Shown alsa a ledger bearing to contain an account of the transactiona btween Jane loolm and the bank. This ledger showed that Mrs. Mfaloolm owed the bank upwards of 4001., while Gentles and Salmon explAined that the bank owed her upwards of 1,0001. The explanation whicb they gave of this deficiency was that Mrs. Malcolm had been got toput her name to the docket in the ledger. The same explanation applied to several other cases of the same kind which were shown to the witnesses, and which hea spoke to as having noticed by him at the time tho defalcatlons became known. lie stated, after seeing the discrepancies, to Mr. Salmon and Gentles, that they must have a double set of boolls. He then asked Gentles how he could year after year add the interest. Mr. Sahnom answered that by saying that Mr. Gentles had another book in which it aU appeared. Mr.Gentles brought the book, and Mr. Salmon said that the business was made up yearly fronm that book by Mr. Gentles. Mr. Gentles acknowledged that. this was the case. Salmon admitted the fact, and Gentles; admitted that he made out the accounts. The ealoclatiosx of interest upon the acoounts not entered in the bank books was in the handwrlting of Gentles. Mr. Salmon said, and Mr. Gentles admitted, that the loose sheets contained a&s account of the sums for which the bank was liable, but 'which had not been regularly passed through the books.~ He then asked Mr. Salmon and Mr. Gentles who kept this account of these private trausactions? They an. swered that the early part had been managed by MIr. Reid, and the latter part by Mr. Gentles for Mr. Salmon. Then asked Mr. Salmon if he knew of the extent of the defalcations ? Did this when Gentles was present. Such at least was his impression. Mr. Salhon then said that he onlg became aware of the extent of the defalcations when Gentles took charge of the matter. Mr. Salmon said that a. statement of his defalcatlons had been made up at the tilme that Gentles took charge of his private transactions; and that upon seeing it he held up his hands In horror. Could not say who made up the statement. Mr. Salmon did not communicate this to him. Mr. Salmon said, and Geatles admitted, that Gentles had taken charge of his privste transactions after Reid left the bank_ Gentles told him that Mackenzie, who came in Reid's place, had nothing to do with the record of Mr. Salmon's defalca. tions. He tGentles) took charge of them himself. He (wit. ness) then asked where the previous statements were? Was then told that the loose sheets were all the statements he had. Saw Reid that day he was sent down to Falkirk. This must have been In the afternoon of the 13th of May. He had some, conversation with Reid. Asked him to go to the Red Lion to see a gentleman from Edinburgh who wished to have some conversation with him. That gentleman was Mr. Ross, advo. cate. Asked Reid there if he had heard vwhat had hap. pened to Mr. Salmon? He said " No." We said, " Yosr will not be astonished to hear that he has been dismissedc from his situation S"d Reid did not reply to this, but was a good deal surprised. Then said that Mr. Salmon had been found in a large deficiency in his cash, to which Mr. Reid replied that he had nothing to do with that, as the bank cash was all right when he left. Mr. Reid admitted, however, that he knew of Salmon's embezzlements, and upon being uestioned said they might amoutt to 25,000'. Reid said that he had nothing to do With that, as he had all along acted under the instructions of Mr. Salmon. Said to Rteid that it was impossible he could receive instrUctions from Mr. Salmon with regard toeach particular sum entered in the loose sheets, as they appeared to be very numerous, and must have been attended to by him whether Mr. Salmon was present or absent. To this Reid replied that when any receipt was presented for payment he had to use the money paid into the bank until he could see Mr. Salmon to mako particular arrangements. Said to Reid that that was very wrong; to which he answered that in so doing he had obeyed the instructions of Mr. Salmon. Asked him then if he had got any portion of the money himself ? He ret plied, " No, that Mr. Salmon had got it all, and had spent it extravagantly, or had laid it out in the improvement of his property." Nothing was said about Reid's appointment, except that Reid said he was Mr. Salmon'sservant; to w hon. witness replied that that was impossible, as he had been appointed to the office of teller, and was, therefore, a servant of the bank, and received the money of the bank across the counter in the ordinary CoRrse of business. Could not thenr convince Reid that thi was not the case, and parted from him, each retaining his own opinion. (Shown several books and spoke to the discrepancies between the different entries.i After some other evidence the Court again adjourned. The Court resumed on Tuesday at 9 o'clock, when Mr. Mackenzie, advocate depate, addressed the jury for the pro. secution. In a skilful but brief analysis of the evidence ha maintained that it clearly implicated the prisoners, who both filled situations of trust, in aiding and abetting In the defalcations of Mr. Salmon, even although it was not charged or alleged against them that they had received any of the money. The counsel for the prisoners (Mr. Young for Reid,' and Mr. Logan for Gentles) followed, and endeavoured to show that the successve acts of non-entry charged in the indictment were not a succession of acts of embezzlement in themselves, but acts to cover the original andprhaps long priorembezzlementsoof Mr. Salmon,who, for althey knew, nad carried on these embezzlements since he was appointed in 1820. They contended that the reaY defaulter having escaped from justice, first by being suffered! to abscond, and finfaly by his own act of suicide, it was not; an act of proper justice that these young men, brought; up under his influence and control, and derving no benefit whatever, pecuniary or otherwise from his defalcatlons. should be placed at the bar on such a charge. Lord HANDYSIDE, In charging the jury, laid down the law that if the prisoners had beeun guilty of aiding ant! abetting Mr. Salmon-of doing that without which the deceased could not have committed or continued his frauds UpoR the bank, they were amenable to justice, even thouglz they had derived no advantage from the acts which, it breach of their trust and duty, they had assisted to per. petrate or conceal The jury, after an absence of nearly two hours, by a majority of nine to six, delivered the following verdict:- " The jury, by a majority, find the panel William Reid Cuizly of the first, second, third, fifth (to the extent of 7204), and sixth charges as libelled ; and find the panel Thomas Gentles Guidity of all the charges libelled (the fiftht only to the extent of .). The jury desire to state to the Court their unanimous opinion that neither of the panels received one farthing of the money; and also, in conslde. ration of the whole circumstances of the case, and the ver; high estimation in which the pauels were held by their fel ow-townsmen, the jury in the strongest manner possible recommend them to the leniency of the Court." Lord HAs-DYSIDE then passed sentence on the prisoners He said,-The jury bave by their verdict, which is lb discriminating one with reference to the charges and the evidence, found you guilty of the crime of breach of trust and embezzlement. My charge to the jury would, I darm say, convey to their minds the belief that, had I been one of their number, I should have concurred with tho majority. I desire to say that I think their verdict is an iwportant; one for the law of the country, and I am sure it must prove a salutary one wherever it is known. It will convey to ali per.- sons in situations of trust that, though they do not participates in the act of embezzlement so far as to derive pecu. niary advantage from it, stiU by neglecting and disregarding their trust, and aiding or assisting or screening another us the commission of that act, the law holds them guilty of the crime, that conviction wiU follow upon evidence, andE that punishment must then be executed. It is a, very great satisfaction to me that the jury have coupled their verdict with a recommendation to the leniency of the Court, and that they have stated the reasons for which they give that recommendation, in which they unanimously agree, and which are so strong in themselves. But for that recomi mendation I fear that the sentence which my duty wouldE have caUed on me to pronounce would have been one of P. very degrading character indeedL But giving all the just weight to the recommendation of the jury which the rea. sons assigned entitle me to do, and looking on the recommendation of a jury at all times as entitled net only to the attention of the Court, but to a certaist degree of deference on its part, and aessming as I do that 1S men in ajry-box truly represent the feelings of the comi munity to which t hey belong, and that their opinion is a reflex of the Feeling of their fellow countrymen, I feel that the recommendation given by the jury to leniency in the B nent ISone which willfmeet with goneral a'pprovaL. think it of great importance for all parties that whatever sentence is pronounced here should be one which shall carry. with itthe sanction of judicious public opinion. I aur satisfied, therefore, that I pronounce the proper punish. mnert, under all tho circumstances of the case, by limiting it to one of imprisonment. His Lordship then formally passed sentence onx the prisoners of 1S months' imprison. ment each in Perth PemtentiRry.
REWARDS FOR StTCOUR AT SEA.-LNUERPOOL2 Sept. 30.-At a special meeting of the LiverpoolLocal MarinaI Board, held to.day at the Sailor's Hoomn, a splendid gcd medal, from the King ot Sweden, containing on one side a portrait of his Majesty, 'd on the other a snitable incrip tion, was resented to Captain J. S. Graham, late of the ship Abol wer, for rescuing the captain and crew of a Swedish merchantinan wlhUe on fire in the m.iddle of the Atlantic, and conveying them in safety to Lisbon. A mag. nificent chronometer, worth npwards of 1)0 guineas, froni the President of the United States, was also presented t4 Captain Robert Glaister Sharp, of tho British bark Anxz Piteairn Sharp, who in February, 1&i7, rescued the captaiti and crew of the ship Cathedral of Boston, whioh founderedl inte Pacific; 2, of her crew were put on board the barkE Burns andt.hken to Valparaiso, theremalning 8being conveyedE toArlca. While on board the Ann Pitcairn Sharp, the whole erew were most kindly treated. A sUlver medal from tha Board of Trade was presented to a fisherman named WUl liam Heckles, of Hoylake. On the 13th of April last the flat Rose, from Chester for Liverpool, struck on a sandbank during a storm, and the crew were forced to take to the rig. ing. Seeing that there was no other way of saving their lives.: Heckles gallntly dashed through the surf into deep water, swimming to the fiat with a rope, which he tied round the men, who were hauled ashore by two other fishermen, Wil. 11am Sherlock and William Cooper. Heokles himself swanhack to the shore. In additibn to the medal a gratuity o! 101. was given to Heokles, md IL1 eawh to the other fisher. men,
SALES BY AUCTION. london ~Warts Birmlg -w~ae, of stores, &r. ~~fESRS.FULER and hO%RSEY beg to announce IV.the orler in which the, STORES and EFFECTS at the London I orkswil be&dBOL tto Mond&y, OctoberB,hand following days. CAta- le,t. dy Oct, 5.-Yiese, steel, bracework, iroonmongers', copper, and Tuesa&Y, Oct. O.-Ironmnongery, spelter, bolts and nots, rivets, and naIla. Woednsday, Oct. 7.-Ropes. wairps, tarpaulins, blocks and fa'is. It Its n enrineere' teoil, etaet;erds, weighing roachinee. &o. (Totse being tbe das-,Ppoltnted for huomiliation mnd prayer-, the gale of eifea4t ednertised to tans plwte thereon wil he held on Thursday, the 15thI of October. after the sale of the pattaysn.) Thucrsday, Oct. S.-CrabE, irork material of dvar-lons eecrilptions. new railway wvaggon. 00 tone Chains. 10 lone anchors &c. Friday, Oct. 0.-t10 loads Ticmber. derrick poles, scaffoldI poles, girder paitterns. scalP, Id boards, new !nin boazds, battens, Monday, Oct. 12.-Timober, ecaffloizolea. iron material, glass, pa'nte, trucks, carriages, and oftoe furxItitre. Tuesday and Wednesday, Oct. 13 and 14.-The valuable Collection of Patterts.il'smetal, laos and wood. Billiter street, Luedon, B.C., Sept. 2S, 1357. Sawing Mlitlo, Oharlee stet Blcfiar-od J1ESSR.S. FULLER and HRSE will SELL by LAt'TION. THIS DAY, Oct. 1, at 12, on the Premuises Charles-etreet, lSlack,friars-roadi, las lots. its MACHINERtY and UTENSILS, comrngising a six-horse cower oscillating high-presure steamenighie, by Stiller,a 10-horse9wer wrouglht ir-on steazn bole byv Cater, mnouldIng mnachine, two cuclar eaw benche8, wrought iroit s,hafting with gearing, twolarge iron water tanks, carpenters' benches saws, tools. resmaining stock, 100 deals, bitt6ns. end numser-sue othei eltecta. At the earns time will be Sold, the Lease of lbe PremIsea, com,rhisig a zpacious saw mill, with gallery and fl'oog over, also tbree dwvelllrg-honses. held on lease for 28 yearg at a rent Of £100. The premniEes may be vieaed til the sa'le, nod the effects on Wsednesday previous. when catalo;gues and particulJars may be had on the premises and s.f Messrs. Fuker and Homsey, Bilhter-atreet, EO.. ElIgible Leacehold Inivestmenca, Mite-end. Rl. CLARK SON (in conjunction wvith Mr. WRAY) 34A will BELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, TEilS DAY, oct. 1. at 12 for 1. SIX LEASEHOLD ROUSES. situate Nos. 03 to sS loth Inclusive, Edwards-rood. Wentworth-road near the New Globe' Nlile-eozd-road, producIng £1eper aznnum. Peatr'ulara may be had os the Dremises at the Msart; of Mesrsm Norton, lIon and Eta-jo, solt. citors. 1. New.street, Dishopegato and at the auctioneer's ofCEO. 4s. Fenton-plcac. Peutenville. Eligilele Leasehold Investment. otehm TJR. CLARKSON Cin conju.nctior withl Mr. WRAY) iL,will SELL by AUOITION, at the Mart. THIS DAY. Ostobr . a 3 fo 1 TW laseol cel-etached VILLA RESi. DENCE, beig Nm.1 and2, Tabot ills age-green, Tottenhami, letto igly esectbl inovte t 45 eranumo each house. U&7 Valuable Leasehold Ground tnt of £7 Peranm aloteulo R CL RKSON (in conjunction with Mr.WTRAYj in w'ill SELUL by AUCTION, at the Mart, THil, DAY, Ootober- 1, at 12 for 1, a valuable LEASEHOLD GROUND RE'NT of £17 per scoes,ampy scurd uon ournewy ast eakstautiny buili shopsand wo pivat dweling-ouse, beNg oe. 4, iS, 0. 7, 8, and J1, Wrayerrae, cose o S. Jue's huro, Od Bethinal-green.road. Theproert ishel diectfro th frehode,, Sir W. F P. Middle' tan fo 00yeas a a epprcon rnt.MaybevIewed, end p4articuars obtaned n te prmise; a theMar; ofMonirsi Goset,Eeq.. 4, Eig~ible Loaseliold Investments, Bethual-green, Old Fod ow, Old RCent-roadt, and Batterses. A4R. CLARKSON (in conjunction with Mr.WRAY) .VJ. will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, TiItS DAY. October 1, at 12 fort1, FOUR SHOPS and two six-ro-omed priests DWELLING. HOUSES. being Noe. 1, 2, and 3, Wrsy-tesrace and Nos. 21, 22. asS 53, Caenrobert-sta-eet.rnear St. Jude's Church, Old Betbnal-green.croad, estimated to prodceO £L50 per annum.; ten aix-roomed houses, being Noe. Iand 2, Albert-road, andi Nog 21345 .5, 9, 10, and II Victoria-road, near the Marquis Corowalfe,'O Od )~ord-road, Bow;- two capital eight-roomed houses. well adapted for converting Into shops, beLig Noa. 2and 3, Montaigue-place Ol4d Kent-road, let at £e35 per ar-nuns each ; and a. very convenient eight-roomed house, being No. A. York-place, near the Duchen. of York. Bat, 5rsea, product ug £10 pee annum. Mlay be viewed by permission of the tenants, and particulars obtained at the Mart ; af Montague Goesett, Esri solicitor, 4, Cole. man-street. city; at the Marqwis CoruvaWls, Old Hord; and at the asrctioneer's offices, 42, Penton-street. Pentonville. ouperior Feurniture, a Semi-GadPinCnaooo dcae, sOMe Platle and latd Wre, hin an Glss, emoed roma gentleman's E~SR PRIE an CLAK will SELL by UO¶LION,at teir oomsTo-mrrowOctober 2, at 11 for~ 12 recrey, xcllet oseoo asA alnt-ro DRAWILNG ROOM' SUIES,nobe gasss,nealy ew xmietr and Brusaselcarpets, SI-eishmahoanyextedin dinng able, a7-feet pedestel sideboard, ci.etoner. hais n ei, asychir, ofs,and coucohes mahogay lieh, ndiro bdstad, epiol orehar attresses, feather bd and eddig, arbl-to~ wah-stnds toiet ables aLnd glasses,and otelaenitms. ~a evee nTusay, and catalogues obtained att erooms, 45, Cacr-ae In Re ToaDean, a bankenupi(ZBarnes. Surry-TemdmFr niture of a Cottage Rtesidencea. J~ESSRS PRICE and CLARK wvill SELL by N,o h Peie, anecmmon. nearche Sttlio.,t on sloda. Ot.5, t 2 fr 1 b diecionoftheAssl.snees, SUITES tsr the DRA ING and DIING ROOM, n wtat-tree and Spanish Satrda pror n te sle,andcatloges btanedof Mesars. Roy and Chancery.lans. ~ ~ ~ 'Ae ndCIX,48 Forest-hill,coetthRawaSaiss R. T. DANN has receie intructions to SELL LT.by AUCTION, on Mlonday Oct 19 at 12 for- 1, at tho Auction Mtart. London, 24 exceedingly CUOMOb plo6ts' of FREEHOLD BUILDIN G LAND, with frontages of 25feet,hby depth of 90 feet, prueurenig an Sdmsirable opportunity for capitalists. A vluable freehold buildinig c lot, aituate at W'oolwicb, near the North RKeut Railway, having a frontage of 42 feet to Sand-street, by adepth of 01feet. Toe propet may be viewed until the eael. Printed parti.lr baie ee days prior to the sale ; of C. Colyer, E.et., solicitor, 13, Clemeat's- lane, city - of the principal inns in the losailties ; at tao Mart, London ; andi] Of the astotioueer and surveyor, Bexley, Kent, S.E. Ireland.-Te Brne ens nte parish of Insver, counyDngl tin R. LT L D L beato annouince thtbeii.LYJI strumte to SiELL by Dubiso A.UCTION, uet his Sale Rt:om 92 UJpper Ormond-quay, Dublin. eni Tuesday, the 0th Octolber. at b hour nflI in the afternoon, in one lot, the fine t5RIEEOLD ESTATE of 1Breuter, situate in the parish of lover, on ths, mail road from Door. gral to Kilybegs, near tho post-town of Donkinineely, conzslting of theo town lanids of Brentor (upon which theme is ass excellent houses and farm-buildings), SeaWlsl, Knoclmsalorna. Tonregee, Rofoarty, Toseney. gornins. TievedLooley, larummenanagls, and Orumlisi, containing about 1,054 statute acres of ar-able and Partur land, the gcooter part of w,Isich sain hand, mid thse remainder is occupied bY yearly tenants. Pfrt.ju-t~ i.rs and conditions of sate, with plan maybe obtain3ed of Mes,rr Cur-ie. Woodgate, end Williamns,nolcictors, 32. Lincota's.lhn.fields, London, W.O.; of Msears. Motlausl;nd end Featherston, solcietore, 21' Welfntloon-q..ty, Dublin; and at the officeo of the esctioneer as above. fredand Bici akrs 3 Qensret. MafyfaIr. IgR. DONALSNwl EL by AUCTION, a LJGorraway-'s, on I7:5ay. Oct. 9I. at 1 precisely, the unexcired ter"' of LIAISE. beingj 13-, yeara, of the SHOP and PREMII'tEs, situate soid being 'M. Queen-street, Mdayfair- eitabll,~hed san a bread and blsatoit belie's upwardsi of 303ears.it romprisez large shop, and two rooms'adiofinin g, three rooms on the fir.t fleer-, three on the second, and thre cn ins attic floor, lee-ge kitcheni and bakehonse, contaning a 12 bushel oven, nOt, do.. and an excellent drying do. Subject to the low annual rent of £110. The abuse offers great facility to any One in the trade It being is the centre of a very fashionable part of the west end: Slay- beviewed by tickots, to be bed of My. Donaldsoni, and p3rticnsa,15 of J.W. Jewitt. Es.. 45, Lime-street, city, E.C., and 01 the auctioneer, at bin offies 12, Curzon'-street,FM&yfair, W. K1us1saad.-Uaual.brIdgo-wharr. ime hrcats, Panofor-,e niaters, Cabinet and chair makers, Coc-rilders, tailw-ay Carriage buildertr, ('ontrectore Bul er arpenters. Engineers, and others. il ESSRS. THOA DWARD)S and SON have received instrucios fromi the, ProVrietor, Mr. William Marhhl, lo Is reiloquIhu briinees. to suibmit to PUBLIC COM.0 P'ETITIOIN, without reserve. on Monday, the 5thi. TssEday, the 6th, anid Tlhu-sday, the 8th Oct., co-s'meucir'gmb eIach(a at halftesot 11 precIseey, his entire STOCK of valuable SEASONED WOOD, consitinhtOfg 7,. CO yell.w, pine, spruce, red and white Baltic Planks, deals en battens; 40,00J flost birch, beech, bird's-ye maple and wainscot; 100.010o fest Borduras mahosany In great variety o! tbicknersss; 20.000 'feet St,aLish and Cuba mahogany- 30 000 feat Bavanna cedar 1 10,000 feet I talian wealaist wood - tetto0i feet Italian walnut weed venee'rs, coin Irising ons of tbe n.m't beautifusl end valuiable stockse ever Irmported liORe feet ro3owoosl ver,ears; 10.000 fe-Ct mahorany and other- veneers3I tean r,'seoe.d, a sluanitlty of Oak staves traf e utessils, anid other gccds. Aless thc interest in telbasbae owf the valuable water aide, Issnils03 oshld Ipo le lng incas at a low rent, oni whIch Is erected a substantisal ronvrenient residence, dryingshedo. stalges, saw pita. stabliu &c., costianing every requisite,atnd in the verY best condition for-f carryi~g o on ~ extensi ivs retaifl trade. To be vise-ed two dlays pro vious to, and on the mornings of sale. Catalogues In due time, of hbow as Leiwardesoad Son, mahogany brokers and auctioneer, 11, Pinner's-hall. Old Brosd-atreet,cflty. 5enaix-c,urt EstateanotrLad,Itebpeyofenaprh of Stockt.'n, and cout fWrstr,lt b rpryo ooe Thoma-as Cl utton Brk-ancostigoupadof00cesf Laude, f gsaid qult,cmrsnade proportino rbe meadow, and woodlnd orhrig edio rouncdstoierwh the Famly Residenc,kona Pn axort, the %eea Fa,s n other Iisu.ts,e, and WtrcnMilbeoging t-o the mid Esats ulith the Great Tithe othCsperof Pen,,ax. exteedn over 3,0(0 acres of Land,on hraous lotevaubeMse of oal acd iron Stone, endohrMnrl,rmingtgten wthin and under the l'ensx.orReaethmieteninll workiug order. V1. ESSRS, HOBBS are inistructed to SELL by AUC- 1. 1 ThIN, in the, montlh of October, the above very valuable and well-tlImbcred PROPERTIES which are situtest in one of the most beautiful parts of Worcestershirs, near the turntpike rood leading fromn C!eobury Mortimer to Woercester. and within a short distance of that leading from tenmbury to WorcesGter. 11 miles from Worcester, abosst ceven from Bewdley, and witistn two miles and a half of the Abberley Lime Works., seven from Stourpo,-t. nine fro)m Tesh-baey, and 10 from Bron.yard. Detailed partIculairs will appear hereafter, in the mean. titue every Infosrmation mun be obtafined fromi Messrs. Park-cr, Goldinihams, and Parker, etlotctors, Worcester-; Meswrs. Price ilolton. and FQda. 1, New-squa~re, Linciln'si-Inn, London ; Mosars. L,'riffiths aznd Ble xka-a, Benniett's-hill, Birmingham' MNes-re BRark adH.et solicitors, Cl.eter ; Messirs. Webb and b3uck, curveyohrs e nd thI,neut, t1orees-is olh of Worcestor. N'orth Watlee-By Sfr. ORMISTON. at the Eagles 1mini, n the to-,. of Lianr-srt. 00 Wednesday, 28th October, at 12 at nooni precise-ly in onie tot lanid, If noteso disoseEd of, in above y,lt.) A Vaiitable Freeholdl Estate, called Pins Madoc, corn- -lpreffg Ea commodious famlty residence, asirrounded bylawus and plantations, end uprwzrds of 310 acres of fertile andivseSi-cultivateod lane', IIis ini r a ring fence, in the pari:,bes of Lirasrst and Llanddost. in the higaly Ilictusesque Vole of Llanr,st in thocassuity' of Deuboigge. The mansion is a substantial modern building, comprising entrance halt, spacious oak stairesse, drawing, dining, nd morairre rrooms -ten bed rooms. secondary stairosse, seirvants' halt. Ihntler's p entry, h itcseras anid the psesal domestio offices and oouivenience's. Inclus leg good Cellar:. sge. Attacbosd are Pleasure grouiids and kitobessgardens, a Coach. houge. stables, end all she necessary yards and osrt-bouss-s. The land Is adsautageo,,sly let to respectable tenants. ITs cosomeat lioldings. with suitable farsrliousee and con7enient buildin at easy renis, and the ledta n thle -stIrs pmroerty Is redeemed. I bis estate is richly tImlbered and bsssastifssllY undulating, and elopes w'esterlyvo thle river Conwvay. It ia 'ritiin a inile of the market town of 1LtanrwRt, Is not mcre than ten cmlless from Conway,. a itrst-class station on the Chenter and Holylheed Raillway, Is surrounded and intersected by ex- - cellest ro'sss, eeli prZdices time and gonootstoue Itsornbudi,,g. Inits immediate re:ghlourhood errr the ardient and lInterocting Gwnydir octts,theproest 01lor Wlloshbysl'really, Mleraeen, Bodnod, li- Abey aesa o Lod ewbcorgo a-Sthe besutlfnl vilage of Treflw; Ithi eas dilancs ar innmerale vi ctofaiqiy or c pieurcs,,ie orhistric nterst, nd he iew rmtemni advantsa.es cons;:irs, treerhInsayprOerty1 zerratsi eritain. frThes coutr reidnceefa famnily of opulence and taste, or for diviion and the erection of villa resIdences. In case time entire estate should rlot be dlepa-es oflIn one lot tie residence will be offered, with about 45 sores of highly-orn:amen)t&l land, andI the remainder of the property In comrpact and stritable l0is, either for- Occupation or investmet. Fishj particulars and conditions of sale may be had witbln 21 days e.of the auctioil of isIr. H. Beaver Reberts, solloitoy Bangosr; Of Messr.m Simpsn, flo!-erts, and Simmuo, solicit;omrs,2. Moorgate-otret, Londloni; of the auctioneer. Wigfalr. St. Asaph;- at the following botoss: The Eagles, Llanrwst; the Uxb~rldge Alrms, Carnarvon; Mostyn Arms, Conway: the St. George's. Ijandoono; the Royal Chester: or ti,e Adeinhi, Ltyerpool; or at tt aofolBeeof the following paperet-Tbe OCardian, lilanchester; the Mercury, LiverpooI; or the Midlana Couinties lierald, 'BIrmingham. No. go, St. Patti's cburshyard.-To' the Nobility. Gentry, and other-s tillIng np their Gallery.-A Collection of high-class Plaintings, shijeity of he oden shoos, fe fie Bonzs,antiqule Chins, Piano- ~s's H BA NS illSEL byAUCTION, at his .lil Roms.THISDAY Octber 1, nd owllseig day, at 12, an ASSIMBLA,E f unien andmedrsi ICTRES,of hich a few mey e metiend~Th HakingPart, H.Andrws;Landlx:ipe and istise. Clude Hoy Fmily Belia; an oters bythe follow. De lonrys Possier Weuter Malerteus Iler-ehni letierst On ve saoe Catalogues. Each )f the modern pictures have theirwotrranty. The whole of the above the propertyof the auctioneer. X-sB Mosey adanaced on all descriptIoentof Drorerty Intondea for sale. Titi Evening, at 0 to the minute.-Excellgnt modern Household Furniture. Pianofortes, a Gas Cooning Stove, &e. ESSRS. JONES and B3ONHAM Wil SE,LLi by MLl AUCTION, in their newly-erected Rooms, Lelcesteor-street and Flrincese-street, THIS EVEINIG, at 6 presisely. HO'USEHOLD FURNITUREsancidEFFECTS,viz.:-Aa-sblan,Frenicb,fourpest, sf and iron bedsteads, with drat erlea, geese feather beds, hair and wsooo mattreesset and beddinig, wardrobe, chests o2 drawers washotonds and dressing tables, IGo, pembroke, card, and dining tables, several sets of walnutwood, roeewood, and mahogany chairs, sofas, lounges, and easy ebairs. noble ebimney and dressing glasses, handsome carpets and rusg 5sianofortec. fenlders fire-Irona, copper- nan plated goods, together wit aboowdance of nuwful Items. TG-mor'ow, at t,e same hour, a natity of plelurts, kItoure friagoes, &c, (h 10, 434OIi c Its bSlad at the looms'~ ~ ~ ~ zzYe, :d aa Peridicl Bae (stalishd 145L ppon 1e Ic ak Place the first Thusda Inevey mnt, o Abolue ad oOAntinent Reversions CALeide SAndS oethe blPaoertin 141 , a ( Irthere dnsmal O ?evey d elb n iob Oa brougPoet thebret Byndr, Totunder,De_n litres,mrove I etsMSare In Doks Cnls M , "raIwa, Mr. sanc Comanes,n andud tohodthec uilne stesn from the Increassit demad fo thetran Of ropet53,forthladspWrltOo, tof eVaer d- whpich aaen of thiab ve-tmentionedalPROPeRTY,n beta er papprneteirstd ia.duroms hin each oscelof throgotte hevydrwbseo yar.d grea diffiult to ebrei - as ben xp Jsdi teordiar cOm_ottobe, an h Macrh 5 July 2 Nov~~~~~~~o 'bereSL AprIl 2 * Anguet 8 Decembf nuer t2 Mr.Marh hs eenIndce tohol Ieesals romtheinrwreadino aPd rioml his exerenet f . hed a Avydawaks and grea du.ificult to hiheIt honas been e hposeday h riar oreo valale Andolthe experBienc tof the last 1 ears, hr rvdte oecplvanoble eoualle lesBene.n thelL- means ofpblicityored effetual insoutionso sale int nde ud t e eiece bis texe abovtlermoonsaaSholde of orwrednton nPghtantez ceepponte toeahf theabove dattLes. r.o Tusa. lt8 Rt1.teversiOn UERV 0Nt th 1,3 trig ml e Bured, and5r1ceiableron th drpeesecrdanpaalonteeew of a gentleman, agse75. It.,ad uwc ARin1 that event to s re d itestutio uy t3prcnt. to keloJIclueI t etMnhyrreical Sale (salse nI4)o eej. of01 levsAnnitone, olSiesw, do. poul,aser tortk lc Tusat, toe bert on Tbuc, Oaut,b8e Atnn2.thes aBSOtLUTE REoERSIO tor thesum, fce15,13e dtering,tw eR.MA RSbHcti that reventtvscedsionstducty, nsatope ncnt.Pe Mk ihsexmnhyeriostca al F.talshdIn153 o levfeerionos. P olic,Aniies,t, Sarpined od, to ..ie Ie for thursday, o cTobersd 8. Octwbe S.at 12bli Awonuitis. a vuben'igt£7pe and elscrdAnum, o reeiabledurIn tof lies (agbed hrespectively)2 aurnd th f5 faJd5nwae 5yaa andj charg S hs eied innsxvaubelasbl ostrucions to nle-dewt iiga-rse hcldex monthly ueprerIdil saer of r5 eversilons, Policts cf Appoianted tortae plcea the Sol rt,ton n Gehursay. Octoer. A atrc 12,oi citwo alo,aalbe and Aulseurd NtyT or yearly sum of X5(eo oeyo h abv50etond(payy) p3able half-yearly) during the life of alaynwge55ers lady, now acged 24, provided her life does not exceed the eaid uroexpined term, and to cnommerce on the deceaee of the lady aged 55 years, Partlyolare mnay be obtained at the Mart; of H. Graincer, Es., solicitor. 27, Bucklersbury; and at Mr. Macalt's offices, 2, Charlott-e-cow, MasLdon-houee, PeriodiCal SWe (establishedT in-841 of iteverslons Plcis,Anuti Shares, Botds, &c,. for Thursday, October 8.-Shares In the London and Proviseal Law and legal and General Insurance Societies. Rt. MARSH has reeceived instructions to include in JJJ his next Mfonthly Periodical Sale of RteTerelons, Policies, do., aodinte toSake peliabe at the Mart on Thurglrsday October5, a 2i Sares. Bndth sLga edGenra Lifehrsay Inurne er ity 8-aubse 01bohich obt raioned r at blo the Ma d;endat M e.fMarsh' odvaces,2 Ohaloves ro RiiI. MARSH has received instructions t-o include in MYJ hisi next Monthly Periodlcal Sele of Reversions. Policies, &c., appointed to inks place at the Mart, on Thursday, October 8, at 12, in oce lot, the, ABSOLUTE REVERSIONS to the following FUNDED PROPERTY, viz. :-A one-seventh part of £1,154 9g. ltd. Consols, receivable on the deCeAse Of a,lady" aged 69. and a one-elghth of the fol. lowing come, vi.-5. £50 £250, £100 and £1 50 Console, receIrable on the dlecease of two ladies age respectvely 14 and 89. ard a genitleman aged 21,PrIclrmyb otaie at the Mart of Charles Shepheard. Esq.. solicitor, 24, Moorgate-street; and at Mr. Marsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. Periodical Sae (established 184) of Reversions, Policies Annuities, St ares, Boands, I.. for Theurday, October 8. Polices of Aaaurancm In the Asylum. Anchor, and Noztisern Assurance Comnpanies. R. MARSHh ha received instructions from the ii AssIgnees to include In his next MOnthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Poliies, Sc., appoInted to take place at the Mart, on Thurs. day. October 8. at 12, a POLICY of ASSURANCE for the sum of £1.500, effectedI wIth the Anchor Assurance Company in June, 1817, on the lWe of a gentleman new in the 43d t ear of his age; a Policy of Assurance for the sum of £1,800, effected with the Northern Assurance Comuny I Sepembe 185, onthe ife f a -entleman nowi in the 47thearo hissge~an~aPoliy ofAesuanc for the sum of £500, effetedwth te AslumLfe Asesrnce orspny, oaths life o-f ageztle- theriMiart ofl Messrt abslam and14)o Ree. soiciors, Clothl-cisl,A- nutims Shares, Bonda, &o,, for Thursday, October 8.-Shatres in the Phcenix Lire Assurance Company. RhI . .MARSH has received instructions to includeo LYI in his next Monthly Pesviodic-il Sale of Reversions, Polices, do.. apI ted1 take place at the Mfart, on Thursday, October S. at la ,O'c, In one lot, SIXTY La' SH&RE9 (said in full), in lbs PHC(ENIX LIFE ASSUR&NOE COMPANY, Lea-denhall-strset.- Particuilars may be obtained at the Mart; of Thomas Dr,-, Eec1., soIlicitor, 25, bincoln's-lun-fcieda ; and at Mr. Marsh's offices, 2, Charlotte. row. Mansion-house. lerIodlical Sale (estaiblished in 1811) of Reversion, IPoiicies, An- nuitIes Share, Bonds. &c., for Thursdlay, Ocrober R, the Abs_olute Roversion to a one-eeventb part of £1,113 Os. Ed. Console, receivab!e on the decease of a lAdy now in her 87th~ year. Rt. MA.RSH has received instructions from the LiMortgagee to Include in his next Monthvy Periodical Sale of R'-erson, Plices do. aponte totae plate at the Mart, een Thusdy,Ocobr . t 2 'cOc, heABOLUTE REVERSI'ON to aone evenh-pat o twoanni of 1,60 4I .bi*andX£1,685 13s. 4.1. Thre pe Cet. onsis.stadin inthename of a highly ye. specabl tosles an reeivale n te deeas ofa lady nose in her 87t yer. artcelar ma beobtind a th Mat;of Gecorge liosusa, Rq.,solcitr,25,Colegehil; nd t M. Sari' offices, 2, Salvage of. Mustad Manufactory and Drysalersa Bietrs, Iron,&do, on the Plremitees. 14, llersy-street, Great Sutton-slrest. OlerkenweiV AW .MARSH has received instructions to SELL by AIUCTION. To-mnorrow, October 2, at 15 on the 1'remiRse as above, the SALVAGE, comprising a quantity of lmse~d, pea. Tisc. mustard and muaitard dross, Spanish juice, soft ca,-p, rhicory ground and In root, brown anud white mnustarO eced, rape-sed. c!over, rigs st5rcb, tapIoca. ltripblack, alum, logwood chips sackingz and b3ggIng, Bath bricks, timber, ironwork, do, May be viewed this day acei mormiDg of sale, ansI catalogues obtaieed at Mr.,Mershb oficies, 2, Charlotte row, Mansion-house. Wseezon-fuper.htare.-A capital detached Family Ilesi-lence. com. manding most exteasive and pictureaque views, Including: lbs Walsh coast. RhI . MARSH- has received instructions to SELL LY4by AUCTION., at the Mar't, opposite the [,auk of Rualand. on Thursday, October the 8th. at 12. the susrinr FAMILY RLESt. DENCE built in the Elizabethan style, muse delighttully situate en Flagstaff-hiil, the most select einuatton Is tho faeblosable watering. plac Wetonsupe-Mae. t cotaIs eghtgod bed and dreassing room, to dm-to roos, inin ro-m, llrarv, breakfast room, and ll ecesarydomsticoffces.Thepruerty ie fyseh-old, subject to agrond entof 12 pr anum Ma beviewed, and particulars wit coditonsof ale obaInd a th Mat:the principal hotels at Westn.epcs-Mar an Britol ofB. Lvibnd,EssI., solicitor.Wdidgewatr; ndat r.Marh' Ofice. harote-sw,ManSlon-bozc. Ir the counties of Hertford,. Suffolk. Klent, cand B6rks.-Desirablo small freehold properties. TAR. MARSH has received instructions to SELL TI jby AUOTIsIN at the Mart, Opposite the Bank si England. on Thursday, October 8, at 12 o'clock, In four lois, the following desirshle small FREEHOLD PROPERTIES, comprising a% Cottage, situate at Aston-end, iu the county of Hertford, with garden and O'tbard. in the Occupation of Mrs_ Ann Newland, at the clear yearly rest of £~12: foutr cottages with gardens and orchard, situat aetsWhatteld. near HBAleigb, In the county of Sunffolk. producing rentals arsou".tlegz to £12 per annum ; a comnfortahle cottage with good garden, situate at Modhirst. co,near Edeubrid e, Ke:at. let to Mfr. Jeffry, at £4 1ts.peanu soa brick-built cottsge with carden of Abouit h AL, azi acre, situate a6 the top ofWPal,eby-.street, Littlefield-green, WhIte Walthiai, Berks. let to Daniel Web t 5 Per annum, Stay be viewed, and particulhar wi'th conaditlonF of sale ob,taine at the Mlart; of Mlrs. Newland, on thegpremises at Atston end; of St r. Nunn, Whtatfield, Suiffolk; of lb. WI enden eAr,bridce. Kent; of Mr. Daniel Webb, White WYaltham, ~Beets;' of C. J. Monklboses, Esq., solicitor. 3, Craven. street, Strand; and at Mir. Marsh's effice, Charlotte-row, Mansionhouse, Great Qoeen-street, Linooln',i-nn-fieldis.-A caylls, Freehold House and Shop). le. uponleasme, precenting a mnost des-Irable Investment, R. MARSH has received instructiosms to SELL by AUTI ON. at the Mart. opposite the Bank of England, on Thursday, Oct. 8, at 12. the UN'DIVIDED 3,101 ETY of a capital FREEHLD HUSE ad SHP. siuateand beIng No, 14. Great Quen-tret.Li'rOr'sln.lild, wis isetupon lewse for 21 years from25t Deembr. 849 at ret O £2 pe seum, the lessee being beud t enureandto ay ll ate sa taes.May be viewed by Permisson o th lenst. nd artiular obaine at hedart; of C J. Pimlico.-Leaesobold Investment, producing £180Is per annu m. TAR. MARSH hoe received instructions to SELL ,IJ by AUCTIO N, at the Mart, opposite the B,.Uk's ol Regland. on Thursday. October 5, at 12, a LEASEaOL.D PROPERTY, mom. viwe, and partiolr,with condibionsaeofeld Trobtaeneat teMat h.M R E a-s receivod instructions to SELL by N A TIN, at the Stalrl, opposite the R.ant of England, on Thureday. October 5, at 12, In n losI.. TWO well-bciiUt ceunl-detached RFSIDEN~CES, situtate r.nd being Nos. 21 A and P2, Clarnuce-road, Camden-town, let to respectable tenants, at rentals amounting to £55 per marnnum; held uponx lease, for aloIng term, at a low groUnd rent. May be viewed by pfermiiou of tOo tenants, and par-ticulars,' withi con. ditionz of sale, obtalned at the Alart: of v. Hasrris. edq . soicitor. 97, Upper Stamford-sereet, Slackfriara-road ; and at IMr. Marsh's offhces, C'harlotte-row, Stanplou-htonse. Etolloway,-A small Treshold Property. meet eligibly situate. in the Seven Siaters'.rcad, consisting of a Dwelling-hours and Building Lend. 1AR. MAAR-SH has received instrLictions to SELL by MYJ AUCTION, at the Mart, opposite the 1taut of England. on Thursdny.October $,at 12, a valuable small FREEaOLD PROPErTY, comprising a capital dweiIng-hocves.and two allotments of mnost elgigble building laud, situate in Seven Slstera'-road, in the parish of St. Miary, Ilisgton, and presentingi to small capltslists a desirable inve3tisent. Stasy be viewed, and particularswith conditions of sale, obtained at the Start ; of J. Ivemy, Bec., solicitor, 10, S 3uthamyton-builelings, Rhan. oery-lsno ; end at Mr. Mtareb's offices, Charlotte-row, Manision-hourse. Sunecy, In the parish and pleasant villageofed near Woking.-A. ThAfIt.MARH hs rceied nstuctonsfrom the Exectersin SL b AUCION, at heMart,on Thuraday.Oct, 8, at11. aery dsisabe newy-ereted FEEHOL RESIRIOCE way. The house is substantially built of red bric.k, and ceteru eighgood bed rooms, drawing and dIning rooms, kiichen aand don nstic ofiicees, eobh-house, stablbng, lawn, andabout loer acres of land. The property possesses ses Important frontage t. tte bigh road, and the house is anpycached by a carriage sweep. Tbere is excellent dSehiug and sesoting In she rnelghbosiheood, Immediate possession mey be had. Ma3y hce vtewsd on aepplication to George Jeobmeen, at Send, of whom particulars Isiss be obtained;* also, at the White Ha3rt, Woki,g;of R., Gamlen, lash., estioltor. 3, Grayb.innraquare: and at ir. MaTrsh's offlces,. Cb erlotte-row, Stansioo.boure. Trodeger-roed. Bow. s R. RSH hes received instructions to SELL , .. by AI OTION, at the SAlart, en Thursday, Oet. 8, at 12, in one let, two eligible plots of FREEi8OI,O BUtTLDNIO t AND, on the eatate of the London and Subuzban Land Society at Bose, posessing a frontage to the Eglinton-read of 82 feet, and a dep,th of 30 feet, situa3te, and about 30yards from the new eh-,'cb, Trrirgae.road, oYd :Eord, Bow. Stay be viewed, and particulars of s-le oot jined, at the Start: of Thomas3 Rogers, Eso., solicitor, IG, Fencltuzch.ctreet' and at Sir. Ma3rshs tltoes., 2, Charlotte-70ow, isbsusiOu-heIIe, Pur7sehill Ledge. Red-bill, 8urrey.-The verysreporter modezn Can- tenta of the Sovtaideco-, a sm all collectIon of valunt-le Paintings. choice Engravings-, old lironres. beautilully bound Locks, ChIn a nd Glass, Cellar of ohoica O)ld Wines, and out-dozy effects. Th( t MARSH has been favoured vzeith instructions LY.L to SiELL hy AUCTiON, on the Prenises, Farc-.ehid L^ed8e Redbill, on WVednesday, Octob)er 14. set fealce-log dip £t 12 ca(:h day, the very elegant FURNwITUREt aces EFFI'.CTS; comrnisiing capital dipsanish mahegney bed room appendages, Aravbiso rnd four post bedIsteads and hangings, teds aind beddinJg, wardrobes, chests 01 drawrers, marbletop washetanda and toilet ta,bles, a gentleman's beautifully Sittedi toilet table, cheval and other glasses, a roe swood drassing roam siloofien elegant design, covered In rich blue sstin, incluin g a ze of curtains, chains, settee, oheffonirr with marble top), centre. sole, and card tables, ottOmans, chimney and cenreo elases chevsd screens, a 81-octave pIanoforte by Batesand80 Son elvet pileecarpet, or-moulo fenders, &s, Diing room fesysleuro, compris3ng a Spardeb ins.bogauy eidebo-,rd. set of extendIng dininy tables, easy and Other chars covered in morcoco' safe to matob, superior crimson cloth curtaIns, mo3alo tables, lamr Ac. A collection of choice pletores by lHzlbein, Drummlond. Wa i6s, and otber celebrated masters; a set of 11 ecgrav-ngs of the Price Cartoons exhibited at Westminster-halt, crayon drawlIn5s, a lbrary of about of 251 vols, of modern literature eler kelly boned, fine old bronzes, marble butte, Sclrres and oriental china ornaments, bail and library appendages, booeasees, sesretairos a 67-oct*es pianoforte In mahog,any, bY Bates and Son, servlcsaof rlLblycsit.lt-bssandchIna. A cellar of the finest old wines of about 200 dozens, prncipally Ports, formed wilh the beet judgment during the last 1S years; kIleher.. re<toisies, two dogs, ra.-deo implements patent mowing machinue, roller, chaise geenhouse piaste san out-door effects. Sla3y be viewed two days pior. and catanloges (Is. each) obte.lned on the pretobysL; and at A;-lr, gIa'h's eltecs, Qhaslolly-pw, si4iIw.b9; uatw, Rehfll, Surrey, half an hour'e ride from the city. -The Leas, with Immedate POemeason, Of A MOOt complete and truly desirable Real. dencex, known - Furise-hill. Lodge, with its gardens and pleasuare grond, most delightfuly situate upon which a sum of nearly X3.000 ha, been expende-d vwithin tAe hast two years in additions ande Interior deoncatlous. lUR. MARSH his been favoured with instructions ,k.to ELLL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Ta'srs,,s (let. 8, at 12, the valuable LE.ABE with povweson, of FURZE.- ILL LO )4E atandtng in ita own grounds of about two acres, moat deligbtfully situate On An elevated spot .t Redhill, live mnlo'tes' walk fromn the railway statlon, and cmomandtng the meat eclchsastlag views In all direction,, The residence in subtautaialy built, of elegant elevation), with a noblo portico entrance. appro,aobod by a. caruiaco sweep throught t3ctefolir.arrangcd and richly uinduzlating lawns and'l srubberies, ema=belihd by the rhoicest plant-, and c-onteins the maost o3mplete ne.- comdatlo. The rooms are all lofty and exceeaingly well-proxor. tioned. Theco ame four best and two seowndary bed cliarnbece with aepacate stairasees, dreasing and bath rooms, cstrance-hall, a n3hle dining room communicatIng with library, a b.-autifully decor&ted drawing rGom, houselkoeper's room, smnoking ro in. kitchoens, and domestic apartmenta, tn fact this cesidence may h0e truly stated in be unequalled for the superior decorations and Intern.1al apointalents, A conservatory adJoins the reaide,rce, and a hot bon,. is moot judliciously placed. In the kitchen garden. e:mmaoec-laoue. forciug pits. kg. There l an abundast supply of apring and rain wawer. whicih is conveyed by the most approved omsetjmctlcrn to the toy, .f the house. Held upon lease foyr about 19 years unexpired, at a modo,rate rental. The purchaseer may be accommodated witb tbhe whole of the apromruri,tte and elegant furniture and ODnten5A Of the ro,sidenie If desired, totether with the chooIeselection of old wines, principally Ports, culected by the csent proprietor derng the la&t 1D yease. May loa viewed bya cs Ionly, obtainble of M. Marck. and particujays olbtained at the Mart; of Messrs. F. snd it, Cobeser. saltoe Clmrc'scow, Newington-butts; of Messrs. Burr and O4ri' ble, colielctors, 12, Abhcuorch-lana: ana ai Mr. Malllr's oticesr, Cilarlotte-row. aaln house. An elevation aud elab' rube deosimption o! this reslden ;e appease In the RuIldinigNews of the 12thbsIt T Miliers, Btake adother.. lI R. MARSH has remeied sntrttrtions to S3ELL MtJby A'U'TION, at the Mart, o Thursday. 'Octo'-erS, a' 12.a ov.alj LEASEHOLD PROPERTY.conolssting of a ellrbos and biker's shop), being No.O I .Oommercial-road, Ltmnheth ; let to a rFcpectaible tenant at a rental of 440 per annum, and held npo-, lees for about iS years unexpired, t amoderate ground rent, M1 y bevipw~-,J anpi orticulnreofsaleobtain3ed on thepremizes; at the Mart; sf F. Carr!tt, Eesq., rolicitor, 24, Biatnglhall.ntreet ; and at Mr. Maceb'e offices, 2. Chal,lotte-row, 'Marsion-house. MjR. MAR H hsbe avoured with instrutions 5Lto SELb UTO,o the Fremises, Furzs bill Lodge. Redhill, litiaeonWdsdy October 14. among other effect-, a small hutvaube OLCTo of BOOKS, most of them handsomely bound n l n eclnt condition. They comprise the PictorialHstcofngad ulhe by KoLigh: Viartlrneas anid Maeaulsy's Hitr oEnan;H,n's Great BRitn ; History of the Earth ad AnmtdIauead History of the Vecete bI Kingdom, byG oldsih h ainlCyclopoedis, publihdb sst 8to;;e' s re f odn Lambarsya Ri6tery of ethePrl Ialand-theha three rare works are eutire end hsscosrl on cloth: Thiera' Historical Works; Wright's Life ofthDueofWliogtou: Ledlard's Life of Marlborough, handEsomely (Isuni n calf: Barclay's Dictionary ; Mdiltonl's, Borne', and Byron's Wok bare ar scmely, bound; Shskespoeares and otlher Place; Life and Tises of Sic Robert Peel, by Taylor, elaborately bouned in morouto:1 bla-It of theo East; Travels In Africa; Mlaunderel Scientid-. Iiogralt,hica.1, an't Literary Tresesaries ; Life of Lord Eldon; s everal Greek and Latin classical works; aind various other useful b'ooks. As A lihbrary of referenze, the one now offered for sale msy justly be~ con,idered pesfec%. Catalognees may be obtained on apyllcation at Mr. Marsh's offioss, 2, Charlozte-row, M~anslou-boupe. Uhoice t-IeltinfOlPrtndohr ice 1%tR. MARSH has been favoured with instrucetions LU to SELL hy AUOTTON, on the Premises, Ptorze-bbll-lodye Redbill. Reigtce, on Wednesday, 'October 1I. at 12 o'clock, arrsonguo-ser EFFOrSa vry hols slecionofold Port and otier wines, Including a smal1 quantite of the former of the vintare of ITM, In. thle whole abOut 200 dozen. T he collection has been made with peat j adernent by thepresent Proprietor during a longz period of yeaLrs for p,ivAtesese. Catalogues may be obtained on application to Mr, Macsh's offices, ChArlotfe,rw. %as-ior.-bo,,e. kinell- terk.race, Upper Bollowy-h etHur'; uao. principallF In mabogany, Pyrogranh Plictures, a fwPltg and Engravings, Books, and other effecs AlR. MARSH bas receivedl fins iti-otonEy from the3 LYJ Executors of the late Mrs Coxhcad to SELLh y ATCTION', on the Premices, No. 7, TcfNell-par.iterrace, Unrs,,r H,Jlowav. oni Fridat. October 9, at 12, the n3eat HOUSEHOLD EURNTITiIRE. comprising mahlogiany four-poet and other bdnetuads, and furmiture, hairinattreeses, be sandbdding, chests of drawers, wing warsirob'.mrl.n n Oter Was tands, chimney and dressing giasses, dining. lso, and othsrtables, sideboard, rein- of chairs, fenders sond irons, four rate Isyrogap pictures, by SmIlth, a few good paintings and engrarin cc, HO0volumes '.of books, kithebn utensils,.and efrcts~. Nfay he-lesrelihe day prior and morning of sale. and Eltalogues obtained at Mr. MacoH offces, 2, Charlotte-rome. Manslon-house. Hccbdeo.ine,Wokig. Srcey-Th valuabsle Cnet ftc Masslon, nd imporant Collcto n of Works ofAr,f'edaiu Gallry f aostitOPictures, b semdmcoe ieSaur of hin an Giee.Linen, andEu es ~~jR. MARSH (h.roving soldth estate) has beenl witInstructions fromth Trmtees under the will of the latea Alexanuder Robertson, Esq.. t SELL, by AUCTION. at the MTansion, one mile from the Wokin Ilai o h o~othWestern Railway, on Tuesday. 20th (Icte anIeerlflow. Ing days, at 12 o'clock eahdy h aual OTNSo OEBRIDGE-PLACE, compiigteaporae oniaeo h aeral bed roomxs, dra'wing ad diigros n ibay 2f.cpital billiard table. The. galeyo iepcue,aogahc choice productions of the follwn- Berighem Cup G. Douse V4ndyck C'lauvd e C. Doldl Velmqciez Knel!er Carave-gio, Galnsberosagh Lely Van toerso Murfl'o N. Pouccln Macns T. Barker and other esteemued mactors; two cabines. portraIts of Charlei II and his Qsaeen, by Pe-ter Oliver ;several nmsg.clicent oldFlcret-tre sent other bronzes in groups and busts: a very thse coll,ction of IsalisA, and English secl(tture, tannluing the groupls of Vi-umnun 2-d Pom-esna by Deivaitx, Veuns and Adonis, by Scheenankers, f roo,. Stow-, and Other valuaole rttoisnry : twro eleganltMosaic tiablessa I ltatvary dolobi4no plinths, an eli-soy leo table, and a Stodalcar's grand pisnnoforte,.Th esrrice of plate, coecpisting of about I,1041 ounces, plated. articles In dish covers, ents0e dishes. &a. abo-ut 250 derzen of the cloiocest old wines, In Port, Madeira, anid ~herry' The rer-sicez of Oriental sod mcdem china and glass, including a. richly cut dessert service; the library of ancient and m odern Viterature. In abosit 1.020 rolure,: tbo appoointments of the sesrvauta'offices ansi nuaer-aa an aaold eatI-'sr effects, May be privately viewe-I by cards and ostAlocues, obtii-.able only from Mlr. Marsh. on the Thursaay and Frlctay, and Dub.lsiy by cataogues the Saturday and Monday preceding the sale, Catalogsacss are. in course of preparatlen, and racy shortly hbehiie at the mansion (price 2s. M.i each. in admit three. persons) ; and at Mr. Mlarsh's cHiess. Charlotte rowr, M aneton-house. IRE,, -0 Chlth`Orpepa,G_rai's lnn,--road,- SokiTraeof -an Iron. monger, 'UtensIls, Cart, and Effecta.-Flnal Sale, by disunion o! tOso Assignees. XiB. Pr(TER BROAD WHIl SELLby AUCTION, I3Jion the PreomLses, TH1IS DAY, Oct. 1, at12 thewhl of toe remaining: STOCK In TRADE: comprising ova-ry ses-oripti.n of f urnkIshngirounmonrery, nails,Ecerews, tools, locks, brass goods,c,rosch bolts, higes. Jaranned and coppergcoeds, bhassome register et'svea, fenders, lamps. &s.;, also the Oixtures Eand 'st-nssL,, etrog eprrig cant. and various effects. On view the day prior and irornisi2 of sale. Catalngues on thie premise; of Mescre. J. and J. H. Llnklater and Blackwood, solicitors, Sisoe-laue: of Chas, Lee, Eeq., 20, Alderrnaubury; or of the auctioneer. I8S, Poultry. 67, ptorein-cre.cent. Sromp .n--First-cless ICccolsi usotc and Effecle.-AS,eo ute Sale, in conpeesuence of,a death in the family. NAR. PETER BROAD is favoufed wiIf Iroh tirultions Ml to BELL by &XC r10ON on the Perels-e, on T;-i.ly. OC,olbcr 6tb, at 1a, the whole of the valuasble H('U,3EWrlLI, FU1R7ITTIRE1 comwprising handsome mahogany and other beasttssi.l, b, dil.e, linenl, superIor winged cud other wsardrobes.msrblr,top w-tAnbIi 3s au-I sisezaIng tables, Brussels and otoer carpets, rio art To' 'sv :50 drawting-i-oom cslit. e,inaqueterie cabInets, marble console sot t,. r t%chs, br'u1ant chimney sad pier glasse s,everal valuable clock-.r, ma-og-ary., dinnig. and brealEfast room euite,clholce taalntlces,about iz-,ou esicasof miolern tilver plate, china. glass, and various effects, Oh view the day tdrior ansd morning of sale, Catalogues on the premLi,,s ; or a' the offisec- of Mr. Peter Bror,d, auct Ioneer. 28, Poultry, Kentlcb.nwn. ner h Hlghgate fSt-atinoI,--rbLdn Ri.d- way,-sSaliall Leaseholde of theva1ueof £0P.ssi, hm 1JR. LEREWV will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mil Mart, THIS DAY, Oct- ber 1. at 12. In thres lot-, TWO waelbn'i tsmii-detaiched VILLAS8, desira,bly situae,o. 7 and S. Carcusro3ad; also a wel-buIoilt six-roomned House, No. 4. (Gosh-i Oak-grave, Circus-road, Held for upwards of 90 years, at low grutman rent3., May be viewed. and 1:artlculars had at the Mart; and of the suct'o.ecr, Cardinc'on-str,eet, Hampstead-reacl BeZ dfodEtmt.-eais_ runeasigstreet.Werri-adt,)n-stg-,,t and Rusrell-terrace, St. Paresac. AIR. LEREW is directed to SELL, by AUCTION-, ..Lat the Mart. Bartholomew-lano,cgty. T1I1-s P Dal, I'ct-,t-rlI. at 12. several vahu,ble long LEASEaoL~D N.aE'- . S Is.i 37. 38, and 39. Oakley-square: No. 91 Ch.rrilltnerou-tr-s;N. 13, IL. II 16. 17, 18.19. 20, 21, and 22. Werrington.-street.; Na. l.Rs.se-ere anoda wiled in garden ground,int~oererof s)stls-p-siisa,s The whlevl held direct from the Duke of Bedford, for 93 nea,rs. at sno-alersatec annd rents. May be viewedt by permission of Ith- tnants. ,d law arttcui rsa bad at the M.Art ; of Mr. David Hugl-hes, scIvc,t,,c. 13, (C-reslsm-str lo; Guildball: and of Mr. Lerew. aucetioneer, 2_ Cardingt3rn-strea,Hampstead-rosa(Lseas tbe Boston Station, Afid,ham-houpe. Berks.-Supertlor Furnaitmere nd othe Kfe! s A'!tESSRSi. HUJMPHREYS and WALLEN have re- kT.ceived instructIons in SELL hr AUCTION, at the Mansion aboilt one mile from the Woollbomrpton Statiun, ,scd 10 1 coin le3ihog. on Wttondar, Oct. 19, and following day. at 123 eacho to. sthesusior FURNTITURE, comprIsling Arabian and ott~er hacs.s bedding. capital winged and tELgle wardrohes, andost Othr ecceleit saas.rfi,rniture ; a cost;ly draving-room suite, nloginIc c'n~t ai,d later tab',s-, larg glsse, crnies nd urtins elgan cwrf uosa'e c &a .the din'g rom ad liraryfuritur, inludng at onisoace do,sard lallse cair, &..Turey Brsses.andocer carpets, and 'si'urmou effecs; aso cpIta brewng uensis, Ot- ,or atlsi,- , tn'-lIcmfrorots, handight, pants Imlemets, liuid ac-ire east, and a I rrzeTonti.- mornIn of sae. Catlogue will o read i t. netisc-f4, Old Brov.dGreatG Gulodise.Sohsk early I Sb.- hId; of- t>e intessle new stret-ElIIble nall Ilov,-tsstr ., AjrJEqsSR. UMEEYS and IVALLE- will L SELL by AUCTION,.attIbe Marl,on Tha-rrdso-. (-;. 22. at Ii iIn three lots. the ENGINEERS' ARMS EylS lor, ith g-sid 79, rea GuIfoti-lset. lt a £1, ad lId t £; abd No it, Lowe of a capital Beershop) and Pr:v xs oHas-iK., ~rR. ATI wil SE L, t Ga-rrava's, at 12, THIS £44 pr yer, an undrlet4peryar. ari'-ils. P of i. etsrga.t, Esq. 2. ole-nlco Comecia-rod ast Gos.ways;an-i of the ScperIor ILeasehold Tnvestineel,,t2 _[IR. B3ATH will SELL, at Gnrs-away's. at12 .11 THIS DAY, October 1, the capit-d 11OUst iaoidBSN-I PRRf,iISEyl, No. 17. Sidney-place Cormmeri3l rood earl, producuing;a flear Income of £'29 per year ; also a prcvaf,lelsne, No. 3, Sidney, street, Commercial-road east, destrab!e either for - stcn, oc,upis ties,nd now producing the not reotatl ofr 5:1 lOs p, yIre -s. Parti culaof J, Pendergast, Esq., 37, Cote-lcace, Ccun.,ciaerls-road east Garraway's; s a d of t h e auctioneer, 4 , Wa5 r's-,q Valuable Plot of Land.-Th P.oirt. Bbl.2hopth. MR. BATH will SELL, at Gar-away's, THIS DAY. October L at 12 o'clock ahlont, two .a-rnee and a nalf ot valualle LAN D, known us the loint, on slac*lheiath.iI is held fo, nearly 10 years at a peppersoro rent, and frose the macnlfica-t news from izo summlt, Its high tosituon, the oilre anu bractng atnsu mhare of the nelghbru.,uhood, its famous gravelly oil, the ampe&tabUlty of the vicinity, and its great ronvenienrce to aniy part of towu or oountry, It safely challenges any spot of ground wItbIn ti;e so i.e dlstue o0 London for euai advantages, and Is worthy of great attentiox. PIa,. poeticulars, and conditIons of ea may be had at (tarraway'a; and of the auctioneer, 4. Walbrook. The Ivies, South La,mbeth New-road.-Modern Fuaroit-cre. 61 P.-a* lo Puntsof*rte, China Ornaments, Oil Paintings, Pr,af Eugrailags, aud MR. H. SOWDOW will SELL by AUCTION, on the Promises. the Isles, rear to Beanun,'., Di2tillerya,y Sath Lambeth New-road. THITS DAY. (htcobser 1, at, 12 utouley a bitt of sale, the whole of the HOUSEHOLD FIIRNIrCRE. kitchen utsnslls, and numerous effects Catalogues had on thse prpmises. ao,l at the auctioneer's officed. 3, Commecical-pL%ce, Old Kent-road, S.E., and 201. Mioorgate-street, city. EO.. Trafalgar-zood, O:d Kent-road.-Housmhsld F.'rnit'are. Oil Paintinrgs, Eugravinre, C2 Cot'age P .ainforte aud 1ffects. A R. H. SOWDON will SELL by AUCTION, on Altbtte Premises, 31. Trafalgar-roaal n rear tuse Lord Nls'loe, Old Rent-road, by mder nithe Executors on Thurec,av, ('riober Sat 2,2, the modem HPOUIEHOLD FURNITURE, cu!"ary xtevnsll., a"d a ouantity of usefal effects. 'May be viewe-d on Tuesday, October 6, enid monrning of sale, and cataloruies had on the pi-smicee. aud at the an eers o s, 3, eininercial.placoe Old Kent-read, S.E., and 20, M rge-street. city, E.Ot. Canonbury.-Modern Household Furnitaure and Efferts. fESSRS. D. S. BAKER and SON will SELL by ,LJ AUCTION, on the Premises, 17, St. Pal'sl'-grove, Marquess. road, singoghn, on Tuesday, October 0, at 12 (by order of the Proprietor, who Is going abroad), the excellen.and mol!ern FURNITURE. comprising Arabian) bedsteads, with spring maattresses, and goose feather beds, two children's cribs, a capital wing war-robe, siarble tsp washin)g stand, toilet tables and glasses, memio damask window curtais, chimney-glass, handsome walnut-ree drawing-r.omi suite, Brussels and K[Idderminater cmrpots, bearth rugs, lenders and 8.se-Icona, get of mahogany dining tables, pe-destal sideboard, eight mahogany chair with morooce-leatber seats,. and sofa, to correapnd, chimney ornaments, eight-day clock (by McOabel. ball table. chal.-s, and lamp, some china and glass, a variety of kitchen requisites, and other effects. To he viewed theoday preceding and morning of sale, when catalogues may be had on the prmises and of Mes-srs. D. S. Baler and Son, 17Upper.atree, Jalrsgton. $rB, The Eouue t e owIth lmie M Notlcs,-WeetWerh.ECnt.-By order ofthe Morigaeeg lIR. DEBSNAMbegs to announce that Lots 3 ,LJand l were Sod at the reornt auction, but Lot 1, the FREE-, BiOLD RtESIDEtNCE known an Bieattonl-house, with an acre of casr. dens, Am. antl Lit 2, Three Frreehold Cottagea oonferring a vote tor tha county, were NOT SOLD, and may be Treated for by Private Oontract.-Auction and estate offoes, SD, Chespaide. Notlce.-Bclxton.road and Cormrerci,sl-roael, P'sckham, lIjr . DEBNHAMbegs o annuncethat the semi- B,otc xtoem neroad-alesotleasleh L neiten iewlbloldej M RI . DEBENHAM be-g SELL anntc thtth .YJ.t SEV1FNOLEASEHNo.Iat,d HOP CESinNtleonsbu.gsoig t Pon-tret ofy.oaGproducingth £68r abear aferboml o ron Lent ad tolaxed, frand edfr1 unexpired , weref NOye rOLOatt tndhe hrecDentutilomn, cto and mao e teatedaec ofor-eat fics fiiR. DEBENHAlo will SELL, at the Mart, onL rdy ctbr2, t1,inbelt,TOs rious bandwel a Plt ofGroud inthe ear.The holeprodcing fro texllen and a Mr. eis,ham~ssctin andestat a,recy oficeso50,Cheapslde Timhous.E.as arxo b r R. DEBENHAM will SELL, at the Mart, on MFriday, Octobe 23, at 12, aP& o substantinlly-berecced hrconve. reIirE L HOSE ith oltgadnsad foestabrlshe hlo.2and aitheshp.erNo. sitathimon,eonobadfngn,hour'snwalk feomLthehoank:let to high. Crm- andctar. tucessorg ato rethelsatem.Gountingho carriedaon; bueldsforl gusies ontexpiremd, e as agro thund ruof FOarterfcal yarsi at the lat:ow rentamleofr1 perq aoliuto. ParLiticularstof W,Baker, Dcoe-,msolictor Crsysur,Bcosaesro;and, at Mr. Debenham s office,,he 80,e ih wl-ew oth soall-Bb odrfthAdinistratrii tofth ateoo bur. ne. neigbor Thee. ofEeans.k ENHAM ill SLL, at the Mlart, on I'VI Frday, Ot. 23.atu12.antiAI-reo sbtandtlackybuilt an onve-L Cottges,She~-pe ton. 40,eBrNed orth-roade, aNpeasnot-rand.chieer half nt houiswakroveieth. e n;lt to highly r3eorecabletenats, t retals at et mounting too£56 a yer; ed for 61 yeosunxpre, t g-ondrent of Li1. PartiWulas at th edDort: o H. Ssule, Fa.. olIcitor.d,Ltl Caurter lane, Doltm-ciormmunSid end t Mr Debnham onhcem's, ofcheps,ie. bpdo in wll-lt smllSopuropry sitcud te i the mraidnt of Saigood hin ners elghbsrhnd,whi 20ewodmuinutes' al 6jofthe Botank.' wUDEBEREIDwillSELL, attheiMaRt,mon ny.Oc.2, str1.Inoeelt, o ulenModa,nOt.sthlay 1 d fsoro Ie bypreratEe cu-ronrac, I o nbem VntialyUre,comp ric-iiz HOsuSteo, wibath Sourps, 2for.4 toh4e, vrndnowstpaacod fraew oerth-rad Thei, prdemise are in pmras rair, anedlework hasrecently tbleen expesinded en aires,tcarvad, permganen mprovemesideor. Letatof hinighlybregp, aBrusleand ol-tandin teanpts, atedete amdiount,cionget £a12 pier annm,s clarofttaxe; hl%fddirectxfromnhefrehold Friuer, forsanLines,ro terma of 0 ygr, a%bt a grond renteof £21. Partoicuar att 43.rBrdport. place antrotheoMart;of SEdwabd ChurchN, oq. tsolltr,mis7 Spot. squrte;rnd atk Mr. D orhenhm's offdices, t, Fheipayd. Gt m1 Ouperork m3odem uretrve. Ih gnludgtoDrwingOSKEL FLRoomTUm in comprwsoug Wailnut and toewteodBtCabies, exeienofetherCotaeds,iwno- forte by irkmtrsss inen, alandeleantiSuitcameri l Tabspoh, si ligtso cu-bair%dmr Chanbmodeirs, nthse chintleand su Sades, rarees andvAu hos,adother oEtdo ffects. ThMrpetfaygenlm, diecwaed, remoedy freom his mresidnce,o at erCaio, and c otlozsbd by t "OprdmierOfath exeoutrsn fivalinns in BEh T nfhurEIod wil SL at hhms io;tas auctonan PostpoGreat,o MralbooehsflreetnModyOc5, )Odee.Dxml at 12ofe 1 tate,cirel.puriorn modtaem FUNTREs.dcommrisnh aruete ofdac,rn Tao Cotcutaein s,for g,threetwindws,tcarve famed of auches chafirs crA CarPeTs,ONdr and irons,chmny and per oflte'r mah rvogany advbrhor-toetd, an ltd r aviag bedsens wpinthdhangns,a egelentra eDding ofHunishtmaongany twingeds warcobver,ae gadet.ce Robe,mrLeLI opwt caish-ost e aand sdrbe'ssingtablshrden Of prdraw!er choaldoand tolet Twao bikultheCapenage f h secoinndar toebed cih a here,f kilehin requiseslad effects.ric tandb vaiewd oni satra, and wt ca'aloguos hal.~ndrirteWrsha a Gomrl.al,roabisad-Elut-bles Lensbod varios,pOdut-door Enets. 1.. lMotionstREL byl SELLOi on A CThe oIrON, ao. 3, BorAhert-,kodXrhubeadat on Frrdy coe ,a 2 noiday loct. 9, LASE1 dwelligcoike, w atotreserve, tegeun el HOSEHL InGrvnrpao,nIuthRe compry ising fur-potandteont bedteads,1excellent f9eathrbes, rn woo andhai m ttrseRas, linen,and variouslchamors aned0 e,seso chamiry dinn tangble,od.-eae s prins,cinuadclass, ver rare and valu- hose and otherdy Oct-ober eect.Ma be viaoewet.byodero the da xpeviandtorin of sale and catalogu deeasehd,o h TEREmIes atthE pin-3 cip3ealbinns Nothe7eighburhod: .ank-treat tho Coeons auctiek3on and estate 9agec fic,Efe, ved Mpa iddrltermex. a mndet4I Flosotmpnedass. otrsl.ed;nfii,Mdbyorerofthetruahleo frFreehold E tate, dremprslodCotag Dwellidenhousith Gardientlo, Paddck.rand Two Cott atesadoi17, togeathe waith 4tac,tres of vYaluablemBuildin =IMrgagee, by s.public lsAUCtION, aretice,awasol Coru 38 hite r Mo,.nday Otoe the au2thionersea of Wie-nesd-ray,Ocoe thEl h asxpeEviosl Sadverhd the latayhaing MMraa abethsren,aGooiedmaus-i padokRa. TLLo besrickbultcottagesyadoiinngfoge therpuwithc hihl at hlslePs ofLE wildinAsK Ground,facng henew Ochurch, and.fl moir ahya, lpteadof rthe eretiona PfevioullarYdecs baeringont-uerksum ciitf la-hll ERfeld.emeasdn M rich, aundtaingdon es udWt Ma ESSRwedan DAerVIoS and thGER sae, and noticuyarthadt the eoreIn 1AEnoSFeehld;Rs and Crowkn, Tlay-hll at Ganringd.y's CoffeeOusE; tof Oct.Ruh Req, folowingir days Cataloguesare~ anw at.J ThomsCipos Dy auctionleand estate ang Paency otftce S,ock f s M. Comercal-oaEWelbbe LfeaseoldornOnVetws.rdcig£3nt iLlSRS.MOOEBENHASELMb ATOIOTId ON, atith the 11 Mart.. on11 Thursa,hOtoe 11, atn12, inCK oned ot, theLEAS ofalextnenivece pRaeMIEd artomprsinge tpwns oatractved whapser,witd dweling-hssl'ond,ingaruhpuse andcellarvlagebnlrse nor-taew.er h Whteoprey arionaystaition. Lkethat inO. dderse 1-NeTr; ent £30e PaarllyVlaro fResidrs. Ryl-itfe andloy salteiters com.mCanding- a low W.C. tch en Mandsrt;oandiatgthe ahbutlrhesoodce, Mile ul-eindrload,of Brouney andiKingsln. Laeod,pooig£7 o ml n liR. MOORE wiU SELL byAUCOTION,at theMrt JjJ rton onhu onday. October 15. at 12Il onxie lotyorde iot thnenientcuFrAfMI . WEinDXC.Rbiston.deceaI ised, rng T wE ithUatS lxsena cornegrdehop, Nouani 7, 22,rand 1O.Palk-theet, e nase-sittingt,roomF eve letda £rcna, vicendoculrpyin ae, towteem 6oyetars ;teround arent£7Its. clohsets ned ,andtrapped mandebypOrdes,wrtof the atreteauofnRrof Anr2 Cat equi,rs-s'gi,a dwellhtnu-houser51resiProsect-&pleace.tBack-roalth Ralfngoand,eoft a£7.tnagointdadjiingrae,inwltee.m 5ybears rom 511 grioudresto £b ais. Particularshd or tr. Prentic.solicitbor,5 M hrte- chael-road, F*re.: MrI.-Smal,sollcitors 2. ILaworenceand ofB.C.;a theZ Mr;an d tthmer auctlon3!de2erxofcs.Ib-nra,B AuxtionsieSl tofsBuildinghMoterials,TLmberoh-Slret, oriodean~s sti eiorPefueryg. freeotmll Strorifomuhepu.i SAEwllT LC on Monday,ORT Oct. 5EL, and fis loingdy Instead Rofothe 13t, asg pobrevoul Toviorow t 12,gir.tub- plae-g.ssbac Ba pamelsadmarton, fntop,ncduorurr. oAdw M Sr S. DAVIS c and Vg3se,cutIGEs. bareg tootf thatvl3 K.i.J h SALE o .f FmreeholdandSok ino Tokhrae, at Bunlsg,adnesta. eIsTO retat c.5alyfloigdys aaousar.o el- This Day. - Jewelry WJtHes an PlNIY,atte,pr Whthe Stock of.. Mr. theSSRe S. Wttiels of Mr Chapma-n Mrh Vioew.d r'l HELL u DErientiAn , ver RR de ndbl SroNerty,la aeW ate therau Rooms, KMiffs,rettateovn thgarivrnene,THIS Al wathe lnet Oct..rat i roEh, n Gbr a xenesaCveK and Wuca-tOHebuium dials,tiepencres,plated marticlVesar, witvrhp forks,tandia satemc go ie cains, diamon yresingsandpis, andjoa egthe rivaluables,On vew.leu val Whiltons.nr wth igounse. sdTuvicenh aml ledre rd.ad uex~l other ro Family Viltbila Reidncslre,gadeligitupllystante, iticmmadin arilot orss aRchmrtonand surrounding newsn ighbouicrhood, and a builofng plot of la~i SSo~apiAODS.t wholl SealLy fi CIOe acts h W jl thre M-i fttnfonday Oect ndober gTaty1 pre fiseytamedtt caivaluablt drA,gMIl h Re IDearCy stnding In, Valieyowngrouds, wial thean extensa ivesabrery cof utlrog entrancte-ha,threewhlorgesting rooms, seve be mderopmrhiwcek.Toellry,to waer-clossitaewthin tehroosae ilttso with tone n m~iarble mIanotel-ismes.fworththhe at'ofeten:ironuf';, stad ti h eara ai,Lwa saton, wit rate convenienceo b sy transit-r alas healefancreof %builDi-n rond Cadjeroinn,i Ptwrorlots.Ma fo2eirs. wrd prior to the Aprle. Partcutar heado thepredremtses;amuting o Mart -.f Meotrs. Foar newly-nerigtedsoicitrs andtiedsCorthgesodofh Mar.denss, A,irt¶enee, 1-olorwn-, Lea-tdlceex, duointecoafn f mAuciLontRooms. f3 reBoidh Immediate pomoesow uprior b modernT so ad fwellheaoned Hoiuserhold Fofnihre fiockof a isoessSiter. Pbd, Wleograol6tis.Apparats,lInghtcharokise, sc. uwdrbexecu 2tion;alo'sm ToiClenerio erfum'aaery, ha, romScrborough.e n obr.1`1 . R.J . LLIHASWO will SELL , at hUC isN Boos,3e is lolTrn T-morrow,Oc.2 at 12,l os,b varo h gteutn oir nobe entoectic,Atrkisideboar, handsomhe rholaeof hefPLAierowithe plat"e-gasbcn pan telsandemrbem'topasuperIorroen-nau dew.ee Wa2e h =Corn soil Brolneidul an Orrlates at Acyindialtob.tnear (Pete roll., Set6 tcre--e, frictiF"n wht,:le aud apparmtd, tbreo Dutch colon. ders: two neary ditto, contaiuing 25 tons of ironu.'wth Iron bed pletm 3 lachbe- thick; ,Kwoot nd sizing machines, Indigo mill, a folding macbiue by Hacking and Cm). Thio dye comepartment oDmprises a wate~r tack, capable of containing 60.00 gallons: ten c:ppers, from 160 to I0.. :allon6; copper pipes and cils, steaom pipes and ccks, lead aupply sad w.te piprs; dyeing backs, with framos And wheels an hydraulic press by Be:lihous, 7 feet by 3 feel 6, with 7.inch raas and Iair oha a ep; two Iron prestse d-e tubs and horsesu , coPper ofStafod on Weum esda,te4h'a fNvme.a 'lc atnos, wrter shoots, pumlps, aeno e^ther adtile.es the wyhole tS tao gas ofttina, and otter elTeots. May be viewed on ItedneOLy ^Ad ThuArs day prece ilng the aale, when the mIachinery woiu be i moSton; and eatalogoes hat ot Measses M adgeon and Dixon. lollgitorh. 32. Bro4dsinres. aricsrssrubb;rnd at the eh6ed of teo auctioneer, liolywald-row, t xreehold msio,n and astate In Narth Sbdfforca'hiro liAR. S ROWVLEY isi inlstruicted to SELL by AUJC- etbTION, at the orailwiay Houtl, Theke-upon-trent, in the caunts of Staord, on Wdedneday, the 4th day of November. at M o'clock the af er oon precisely. b unlreenptreviousy udisosev ofy rioaus cndtrac sItnate in the pasalh of Chervleton, In the contry of Sualford. Thil estate comp rises the mansion callod R ov nail-ball, writh the out-buildlegS, garsens, shrubberies, rnd plantations, aud the land in hand, Retber 2i4a, ir. or th,ereabouts,a Tohte estate is comrisd in ati ringt. feace andi there is a good idebal of oramen5 tal tinier The Mainsiond is dining ro,om 27 feet by 1S feet, drwaing room 23 feet by 1I feet, librory 25 feet by li feet, gentietnan'6 room or office , and bath room attached, deed room, kitcebn3 And other usual offices, and a sufficiency of prIncipal and secondary bed roomns; the coach-house and stabling res- of stone and ornamoital he their character, A bold stone t-errace from which a fine view ii obtained, extends in front of the house and forms a division between the pasture land In hand and the gardens. lbe shrubs are extremely fine and of the rarest kinds; the kitchen ear,cas; are pro,lded with succmesion and peach houses. There Is a good dwolting-nouse with convenient farm buildings on each of the farnts, all of which havbeen recently erectedandareingodrepir, andthelau' Is ;rincIpally a deep loam. The estate Is tithe free and all the lee .1 burdens are very low. The roads in the nelghthourhood are excellent The ertain is distant from the Choeddieton Station on the North Staf: re Railway about 2 mie from eek 0 mile. from Stoke-uponreent 6I miles, and from Maxnhester about 2 honrt by the raiL If the estate Is not sold in one lot, the mansion,with the grounds and land la h5nd, and the farms, will be offered separately. The premises may be riewe on aPpplc^ation to the gardener at the house For further Be, Georgeli Ford land agBent. Barlaton, Bons, or MESSRS. BROK ad hELave tareoteivo1T4 m to ctELL bytCo N o iea vpe l onTurU Otohws~a and tr ee tbfo UBEomlt 5 1~I U Zi roE wOL D arndm suoga tl hiree a itnd o r oome , s d f u e eroo s kitchen, bed and be viewe moring o sal. Catlogus to e ha of tl boos. idwici,~ 3'lcea'illly, V.baob bels &.,an ,LLtsruetl ne t BELL by AU TI by on hrad .ay a ay O to hew 1 e.'rupding tesad oran, ca itals cArmed bok asdea lie n,. rabo t e2 0d oze egbl ie wi es ano d 2sat,00 o , o books..e hiat2i A aj ca SSnSicROOK and odr: 7 panig,ByEALen wncen SodELL dby m AsTers- wag a t. Garts, ool , Chr a ngine church Co b" ons TAu., day theay usetulobems, Std12 belew pevostrvtly Fl) b mustdsauTdabl. theZ HOth, s d Publi TY o mpredneda B ti e d14tall u t pleas be-g hatr oretr,esh autbthding' watrs, meaowcsevenare igs ofrms.bo gsrdex.4 ouetbou te, kion Inn Catisock andbidnd o therL n cottaogee 209,dPiss The prnt B ated pa ticl arsb Fd e ehold& ESta .t3,Relens b and be j bad O and f th autioners,2 of LcandU,y 1jESSRS. BROOKS %reBA wl SouELL bit M iercia ato L brwy's ChaON , allt COr ohll, On T urdays. H oLDf -s P t , it omprIsIne Brase -haLD wi8Th pE, comr ising~ eorhsd, Gotthuiige, wader,mbefadow,y rsedenacres wf ih hopug gaoden. out hod s, ki.. law , far m yard orn bu ldin s ,r ch p el, nds cotteta e b thsi ens The D orra it g an e icllant fre ntrea m, padd o.osrIbm-d h- th a de astat wothe printae partcularsdetal maw n ax d vt o san e otages, inb badrn fencers Wo od4 rsidg aild be o so lici~intwo Iota anbrd ifnut soldawW cc) sodb ofthed aucvtioneers, in 209, pPi tcad iyo. o fura at h One tg bou bodo i .- ) lgp htfU i d e sidene,fo t L awn, cDnatden, eatuon antil M ESo,an sRS ail BrOOKSg and BpA are favour'D tle vert wise ete wlYE istor ut ionsp to BEr byt.u r Andplanx, atw prepratwgy's, b ob.0 . aan,lea h vwa 'u hrabyle o A F S. L EAstTa TE _ coBt ride's. leon eCt,tage,t a ndesirable fa mciy resie nce w09 h atsG oli, ho e. st a , ac.. haw m, nsr vtrlory, plea sure of s( o d_~sjm ei anters ct d by theEcur e. f rmin an Is landreru t, pad ocgite , or h r, c; a d R s w or h ot ag . r e andO lawn an d two Lsm al ler c tae g, in a rip t fenc le of fe arbes Wreillube made)e inf botwoloBEL,an iy ot s ol wil sho Gubmitted's. viilthbrilding lot-,rthe inbtwo tOfOR-PAcRE: letS.The nore rlhbou hoo ie llns eiall dhesiralebfr ome its e y r o n niates on with T m p e Lo dompr ang I ino dale risingoi pabr ic fa vorn e ld wo d f vra erLtjs e anu Swit'shCortlyappear Pathrtculbarsad Clavea now p,re paring, ail b oth. tintber ati sptheSevan, Cottaey lofdA. S Eaud6 acre ofhop t Bride' rabeue Fletsture,net;o and of the uctrTher,2. river %Ve, fulW, m Camp SR. ROK and Brsnsa)dial eldfo Investent ente o maccet. abn i le t offe r be pr crlo c y aes willo sm aolrtly bodL bthA CTIOn , for h arraes yi s, togetherorningloi t, an the ele r ted paO Ovr-P Aigh ST A TEb , for erl th rei±,ce te clebate satides ta n tSi of Tem ple. compIsin nobe masion par, an woos ofgre thbe auty wIlea Swit's Cotag, M the Lusan's Cav, a, .sr'e pri g,andrlotht, Si oo n s i n l t f 9orka t0a r ssrf r m l e b d r, t e d m n o hoguses int h room a,u en ra,adternspi e hg. ebs lim te slubrous,scenronsuRpomsse410, POxfrt duar, wth pa , wl rhorlp be btain ble f j h eess lea nt a d n. oobo. a d Wan rge New-s uare, Linu en' cen . n of M&e,a sale , n t erno a nd eal up nte. tio ces, aud ag uta adosubleyors,w20g roomcsditeLy, of whom a ndmn TooprivatelFamilies, Hotrlkeepand,gatdfothers 11,4 ESRS. W KIpGanodorte . wittll theL byer improvtlx ur -sre t, he 51 0 K of B rm ngamel3 br n deg Shefp ieln atin r, cad on., din er, des ert an te Pe ervst sl liquboard, frame , inera l rand deslert sponsan fworew.cViewedatheBras.yprvt-Iorendurningeofsaletg:tatalo g u e su tw t h e ro o m s, n d uat th e off sices o f t h e au c io ns r ,, fo W ell In g to n. road, St. John's-dxwoodt,bee.andth M R .'OHS NG andl Co ilSLb U. Oc tobr12,an f'ow gdi teeeatad oe HOUSEHOLD F R Jond"hn's-woo d frcned ineo ae aent bigal w du o wo .alnut eo aleon .h mep ndc noegase,l,cro a d gl r m r t ofulnt r ,l-c m a ss c tt g ia o o r e , w i h al h m d m a i m r o e- grd bob c s th i i g r o ute s n ah ga y, c pr si g oxtn din g o dSnie g atabloes,h n s m eetlsdbad ef nir, oaytbl , cha Rs,tw ea y h airs , l ar e s rnsecs e lve stp u c,an t t r c s p : he vher sp em ior coautor furniTure nsday, of Aa bit fo r- o t ir n andu to er edr t,vi rol ns, ing ed w rdo bes,d wit h plat- gla d- or, he a tand t foilet g a te, Am arhiet Fep ncah-s, d and dre ss n tab e , and th usaim cha mbo er ut ure;d dinner . dlf es er, andIt tell a srd i es t i ch n nd cu erllu te nsil, T beViewed d y pi rad mor i g o ser,su 01 sae C t l gesha at the proom izs, an d a h oft ic er o nl auction eers,q 1, W c i n Co.ro j Crow ad uhor"' will trEtW;lL,c on TFriday, October 2~ iDt ad lofth Be7th.a rvo uaLvD tsd Par'IURE, cnlasisting bo fu-p-sso d Othe bu elltEtesq. Swaitrdro e0, Fchim eya edrc l rbrlings giat teo ro d un aboo nc or and O a i o f.ai theab o u kio ey r,d 1 brSsels D ur-es. excel lenY ni furnitue,icclu'alng, elagsed ibr, f aryuable, beds boiedding. metresiou kite en tenils an oter s fch dEts. O iew. til dya d onigo Ral.Caaoushdt S tTT EroORTns Proia S.,a h Mlarked Tamiord.how, Otoecr 2iet H2. ehol ctde FurItuE,PL CISRn.h LoH Sou hase C r ewn ived ithe r u cr,,.rtions frtug om the) Rum . Po prietor,06 whso nlu e av n re er l n gt la d to BEsulL byiAe CTo O N ea hol taou P ese s, t a su shorre, Po plTesa y, POct. 13.atrs 2 w a ll It ha nd so meW modem F U R N. soiT TJ orE and Eu Fu t S;-o oe mpris. o an ry T ravdsome wa l- Suitwo odlraicieg TroomosuteGosered wth- ofgU.n Esoo.er. retor selegare ch m ny. t il t a do ther gla sst es, 12- t, b lla rd lt ttle b T hurttonee .I tnhre eorng ~emtr es, and o various r enoud-b an ts Fur at rde n theoil ens. Other items,Miocellviewed sornn aofuai 70ir ao7ndo oocteloiue. lyad onta o pre m ises; s a d o f the aon uctineer-law , whracebuit str beeet, ereC . ESSIUS Da f SHAlM AUltSEred. AUTI m Ott'er RoT m, ArNoer.pia53 Wxord lst ch, ntare plh e Pattheon T .Crown and Anch1 or. ig1 sre t Wcu i wichan on Thurs day OctUL A Eobe ofapitBa rni l. sq. so iciu r tuO,i ru R c Ichu dch gb dri wingo. rat mhe Crow ar oom or and obfr theaucirsoneea. cuhael, niaychairsoltry. adocn Pero dial Sa le. s et s tabdilshe 1ab03 ,of nvalu ab e ou d Po lif cios, oR eversidons bords.okao utso cuTLEVrtains aperiovmdicabiSae.at thec& t111 Miaofrteg Ty,-morrbE Otobskr at 12.hiileincludes FaIVE PoLEpolt, indth Lond onr LI bed Crown. andb dd u Oth r ofi e-., a and pl g 0, wa hu r esum of best O: ltof ut rra e version ud to £ l, ,et ri livbes lond g l e.3 eho d, houses,%titaiusbs.terrItemsPpla. articularos;nay, bes h,ad of choVo Wg rorshi, Ed. morningof, Wne, h iautda theofMeses,errofy Traver,.and. Smith,l oi citsha .ors, 0,f horwa r ted on appreeatiofn . B e e, R q slctr 7. Furnivap-luee, lottebor;at therMaro-t; n -,kof toe Uncirneer. , An i mers AssrhagedoFunepial secondhetand F rntr, h oue MESSRoS. OXENHA w viUl SELL by AUCTTOY. onT attheiPreRomiseso. 303.d Otobr 5.shat,na lb2 Pan1.theon,!0; cai ta 3n cUND E l-h nd an F U I U ,ZR : inLudiE gTd rawi Ng room, udiutu11 ro om an d v librs ~ary hars sor fa . cou he s h m earycl haIs. lee, T id, fe cth .m scornprian 3nt horefmtdiningatbes woing ed sod uthdr ofmeadesa,-sie. boah frns, b tuocre c, c uit es g o f e a t ands, a rpnuets r and, cabin! fet, s -and o ph sopt,andsndar bfiedsitueas. andbe ewdding, wiurgdayand plai war.. c b a ch ssof dra d a waog ers s ha . cau d s a t oile t tablesh a nd' glasoes, At,, china, glass, On.amte t a n theos n d. fe t; a, h otro lou wine, a bei t 7 er', lin at th-eae mansio Putrnbey-Raws wence, itt MjfESSRS. OXEN HAM wl SELL by AU CTION-, li ther n he irts R o to for a5 hear -freel, am earclthes. a cb , The Tes,t ' cdirrs 3c7 horate feahr,astorr uctal(nls nahoaestablidof fer be rs, tc,. codeinyfurnivture. clth go, thends,B andtb numerous uefpul effects; aI the c o andsorab e fEIxtueN ,M tay e ve e on M Sahe tur-ri y r , pand ernrd Mf Sal, nd ctaoge had: anE D a ess and HORNE arbes,inOrodstructnear the PthehEeon,so aesC~nt.eecdd No.L8by AUCheTIONsqat te FegeoftheCaa dsi~rabTle fRtesIten, ith C1 !J.AtN t ei B ooFS -ms, 3 3 z xor d-s0treo n ea r te t 7 anthons; ,r on Toes da .o ct Q ee. 6, a t1 for2 pn ctual.yO ton s e.ss accet o ar le otfrs be th e w qo5 o fs w ith ever re garl t b i t,a dhe ! fs rt an bee n vsnl.no 01 ahrng lrgep3 f amiy, ba t eermofbout15dars, prtrthes lndwc taognd rent of£0pe M~annSUmr, M G r sb had: aolci ator essrs. A xehu h lia m's offc s Jo 3n Oxfr d-, str. et, neay lodbs id Panthe no:atte ot ofceon. fth uc-ones Colgc&%o ) anal largeut-sroete.5 a WetGisto,r MESSRS.EBARTONIand aONd BORLE are inC. SE Lb UTION, a Ga rw yat ec n' CanI l DAY it nW e ar L -1.the 'inpog rIate.Sn. own asthesdy Oto be . a r hl-at h olwn CANAL S& RGES: CA m en 70 in insg rnt,O p t on s: reso, 84,z t tn s Quet th 8opo t on s ; Sa r es. 7th i; on s; ictorm 0 to theca whl le ofir ;- r whuaich are w elldb iltO an havter been ke pt in tM r -, su13 re ar , u ay bhe tnwed i nge as prevo us,t and2 ca alogue ho t ad ofb e ssr s.ew rr and ~ hadble slsit Grrs, 12 , Ahlnc lad e of th oh au t Mers e, W em- sq,r-r Pad-. C oalvch uer . O ar4 , P iralyiomento-strChin, W est m as trrdnu eo s't First-ateCfe n.hpH ue a mre,etblieIusa -o 1%ESSRS.BARTOINLY and SON will SELL by UC LIft AUTIONaI onGTreaday' Oct.IS DA, a doctobe 1h,lr ay ,t.Ii. athe vle abl12esLE ASEd a nd Ge o O D WILLr c o f t hn e eose valu be to i E2 P E E.s.M rtn n MSan',knownasithe Hbow-Coffee Bc"dinin, atfod Cbop orderor stthe at te top of the lato arv t,dhfrg .Ee q.do lat f om Picai llyratf or l-gree .all itutonm -and hl3useld forpesantem oreght ye. ars. atnd130perasinnal,tabre. bvri agtebtakneygs amountSt of200permntsh. malanybediesieg taMend tre dlmiersthaSdebtoardSeeaways,ean of the gaunyetLairs, Wotisn,etry boke blea;tforbd-rooms ,-urninepsriticuO3 10Paintings, E'ieavng, Aabiatn5 a d ozen bOf er choIce oldf Wr int,r hanB auw msdowbln san thed r obes on.. agovertwednCar, Library f Boks Chidn, roller, gande ngine,rod us ehb sale. AUCaTa ION. on th e sday,i Oct.b 6,KA nd00 U herd y i lt &u S~ nlnnat t tford12 ch ay, e mo e foaea r ook venaslenre o df a, toniMes rs . M artin an au ton's ext n ie Sh. o w-rooms, road way St af r . b o d r O h Execlor ofthe ate Davd Mogan Es,, at e of nSlrafodreen rl Ac, the bedroom fur itur ini do ma ogany' sf rofuf-p o ut, Ara ian If about ann er;uum, ~T rvry"lybe viewed, anid partic-ilare with rootditioteonf raln, had aLt the Mart ; of A. S. F.dnuitdu F sq . solicitor,I. StBnce's-avenue, Fleet-treet ; of'Mr. Ricbes, 2, vit.. r' Ct sqae Bethna'.grseu.road ; and at the auction ofjcer i Wr. soIck cut, l'-ray's-in3U, W.C. tWa Ui'v.-To Fsamilies IStIrrnlshig.,Under an executiou.Twn Hosuses o7t elegant Modern Fuirniture in the prevaUilg fashIon, a sueo-toned 6~-. O`t4ver Cottage PiAnoforte, a, handsome Wva!nut lsiqte, vauab'o Feints, rich China Services cut-PIle Carpets, noble Glasses, and. numerous valu&able and ornamnental Mrfgts removed from Mrl.. borough h-im, Cla ham, and Beulahl-ldget Now yR.IZOI) ~e'sto Ofnnounc~e, he rl E L byi I ACTION,C atile Rolom, 69, Qen-teet iwof dS rsfrrc NEW Cannotn.strert, TELIS DAY (ThursdayeeuOctrber1.vr adAr Friay October 2, at 12 o'clock. withont reserve, aj)AsctMbLr 1. ofd Friday. cHOUSEHEOLD FURLNITURE, nolisiding a hanDcsomne wailnut suite, covered In silk, a hrilliant-toned 61-ontavw cottage, Pianoforte, inlaig leOc table. pain of cablnete, richly carved oblonc, leo, card, and Otheur tat-lee. and rheffltonera with marble-top., mr-sole glasses aLnd tablec,, Cu,1cres ~ and other valuable Items : for thle drawing roam, Siaihmhgny and oak dialog room and library uraiture. inrind. inF a handsome carved baclk sideboard, fitte with plate flass. set or 'oble telescope dining tables, chairs and' l1oungzes covered Inmoro:oo oak. bookcase and table, iron repository, Aec, b-d room appoLutmente. comoprise carved IArabian bedsteads, and damausk hangings, primcFoose beds no0ble winged and plain wardrobes, chests of drawers,. 0ouble soul single mnarble-top wash-stands, bideta, oheval rand toileir glasses, Brnsie.s carpets, curtains, Ac,, balU and kitchen rp nlistes., andi effectsi of two houses, On view mourings of sale. sod catlogees hurl. Ronthly ~Sale of Pitres an,d Drawings, bby Mdrjrt.ts the origin nality of which is guaranteed to thepuhaes 11,R. GEO. ROBINSON's next SAL wil tal-e place at hig Rooms, 21. Old Bond-street THS AY VC. ,atio'clockpmreciely, and wil ineimtdo SPECIiEg ytl nemenatIoned artists and Others.- Aglio Beavis Law Valn He.on Aeten remme Leslie Vickess Arndield Day fUller Webb Barrett Everton lMb'o WIer Boddington Hrnor Petber Willis Bromsley Jayns Shalders Williams Brooker lIAdal Smith wis o.* lEsr noLw h vedwed, mand cataogoues hssd-~
