DEATHS. Buppozed to tibve been kUled to tbe amesacre at Cawvpore. io 'he Adj tn yer ot bis age, dierbest Liulu,rs Ar-tto.t, Llsumonart O.sd Adjiat of the lawe 53d ltegt, Uuegal ?s. I., third iu of Archiba.d ArUMsWonI3 Esq., ot the lelaud of t-,i,uee:. On the 15thl Jtuly, at thle Cawn.oro s.i.se sre. ameoag the B'otilghqr fugittive, Edwirvd Morland Jarngs.. I a nir -ia Irar, Boa Ot tao lakte Osptalh Henry Jaines, Li . &J.A.i,e toy l2ovUtod. COu the 12th inat., at MattAnd, iu.lsroy. Bllrn.iauo, the beloved daughter ot Captain Aisley, iu hur 20th soar. On the 20hy ianst., at Halsouersiuith, Ed wArd Tiwery, of Qu&lItycourt, Chancery-Isrie. solicitor. On the 20t iust., at 57. QuessXoo,w, Waiwoorh. of couvujlelns arising fronihooping-cough, hjtuiuy Llth E . ts.. - rt l and only cht,d of Thomas and OlaryAuat oJlwt. ag,d tirur sears. On the 21st 1 nst., at Easthourno, Ohario,.ta, the wifo of Rob3rb Colgate, Eoq., ntee 36.1 On the USit inst., atfer 36 hourd iillnuess Ifriset Btssett. youngest . on of Oharles Bmasett itos, Esq., (if Broio ttoU, agv,s nuarly 17 ;ears. On the 22d fnat., at his roesdeuee, No. ii i'arx-r.,aad,Ign'.-r fHenry Oliver, Esq., pIoctor, Doatorn'-oc).ruo:a. i On the 2td inst., Mr. WilIlilu (uilis, of she Casatis Olotel, New Brantford, aged 53, unilvrsally regretted. On the 22ld lut,, at Wimbledon, Surrey, afktr a few houre ill ne lUizabeth lienriatta, widow of the late L.wr,,=e txtAle £:weUtyWs.o stQ., of Waithansetow, Zsex, In hoC 56tc year. On the 2Od inst., at tillliugdon. Mid UleEex. at the residence of her younger daughter, Mrs. Araboira Ha,l, of Wtgulors-trt,t, aged 74. Oni the lId inst., Srul. Brewia, Fai.. of La-gley House, £'retwich. Manchester, In the tclth year of his ago. On thae lId just., of Dleurisy, inx the 3ith seer of his age, Captan 3dward Godd, half-pay, 21st ftusliters, aid fa! of the 2ith and Wtut Regimnents. On the 2ith inst., at 05, Clapton-terrace, Caraline, wife of Hleray Janson, Xraq. On the 11th itst., Lucy, the beloved wift Gf Mr. 3. D. Vidier, o' Noel-street, Islingn, aged 31.
OARD anid RESIDENOR', 29, Norfolk-cre2cent, 0cirCle ov. a,esrsas,e. P,nls-,jvr-.placa, 222, Strand. termrso. Lio,ral tols lro airy ro.,mi. i twoilclehadlecth,nea Guldford, 0tIed from LnRDon and nEarIa lradln mdS riin tenlte &. ntioe.-tr h'su, Apclor-ofiste, Kings fIndll-irern hearlWthn, Sea Osildf LI ldy ad gnt:e,an. r tw frindn,canbe received in a, highly resprraie anne, e-idnr a ahaneeselyfeirsithed house, close to Ragnts-pak,Ter,n odrat. irfg,nea acanged. Addresain the lmatinasnee o Osega,rareof E G. awrece, olicitor. 3. Fal- I) QAR) andLODGIG areofferd Fto an -e1dely I,) aOs r gn leon equiing he are nd romlors of a home in the ambof aslow lay,edlugin he halty ad beaatlfullooalety of {arretolshil. 'hi wold e adroraileospsrtsmlsp for a pirty natwioin iOhav t crneandanxet ofaneatbishment, Liberal term execte. Ad~va H. 3,7, J oes'~Laws agent, High-Atreet, BOAk'Dl.d R61DSN'Ob RtQUI-REV, b-y a "lady, in. cheerfuAl pi vat e family. A large a-iry aind well-fnrnlshed bed room, soth firat tloor. indispeneable, ana the rieighbourhuod of Csmb,rwell. Bflxt-,r,. or Clapham preferred ; or private apartments, where the ladv co,ssd have ber dinner rent frome the family table. Addrese, free, w,ith tfull particularn anfd termns, to 0. Y., Mr. Davies, 14 Claremont-piane, rorth BiriXton. BCARD) anid REt1DENCE in the CO~UNTRY.- BA ma'riod couple, or a ningle lady or gentlemasn, ma7 obtain a6 ranifortable HIOME in a deligbtful sillage, 20 imdes from town, where only a few inmnates are received. Situation high, commianding beauti. ful anidexttnsive viE,ws, ad rensarkably healthy, Ternn for amarried coule15. lie,arwoeekeach; single gentleman,ts,I ; lades, frcmnlii.to l7s. Address Y. Z., pisi-olicee H}fat8eld, Herts. J3RIGHTO.N.-bupeiior BOARD andRE. BDE,NUEare OFFERE), b,y awidow lady and herdaughter, to a getleman or lady orto amarried couple. Teramsmoderate. Addressi D.D,11, Weetern-road, Htove. Blrighton. OU O NEc smIC 17all iselect BOA D BING ESTABIASIMplENT, just OP£24ED, by Umne. and Mile, MlAURY. Tvrmn moderate. An liibeo!pssrrtulty for persons wish. luig t mrv hisl in reh.!I e. a,nd Mile. MrE, being PerIela3, PAd(idretss,eprtee.paoid, 2, roe Luillette. PARTIAL, BOARD and LODGING, half an hour from tho sty. in the healthiest loinlity near town. For addre.ss, &a., rapply to M&r. Kenut, post-othee, near the Archway Tavem, HLigh. gate-hill. U?AMGATE.-MAR1IjE I8OAU:BRDNG.HOUSE,, .Lls 13, ParagOno-Lanles ano 'e,tlemen are received for the winter Upyse very moderate terms. ThE ,t tablialhment cormmanads a tine view of the sea andI plar; and Its soutnero aspect render it a mild and deslrable treidemnc fur ttie winier moonthsq. Ad.iresr Mra. Barwick. DAM G..T f.Winerlztaiene.- limited nttmAl herof PimARDERSare HEEIVEDat 32, Spencer-square. ~uPEROR BOARD anddlgtu SDEC, i,. with house c_rnmfort3, fOr a marecop,ortnlldyrgnlmaan. Dinnier. ii nfol'k. Term, moeaeAxi. 8.Hiaii AVery ci,,airbl. lie ME is ofed to one or two A young ladits in the family of a widow ldreing a' Haverstock. hui. Educational nsdva,,t.;rae if requIred, AdrsMh. A,, J. M03s'e, newsa agent. Iiiyh shueet. Hampstead. 11TEt, RESIDEN-CE.-FULL BOARD-, at table d'h6te and use of drawving room, pure bed rooms, and home o,,nAort. at an hotel ot the west end. £2 2s. per week, Bied, br.eAkfast, and tea., 21b. and k5s. Address X. 0. X., post-oftice, Bishop's-road, Bayswater. A CLER YMAN, avinga conunodions and well. AL.acppo intRe durys ider.nt agl garden attached, two miles snorth Of London, will REOIEa(IITEA and bin WIFF, or t.wo sisters, desiring a comfortable and elect oe Termn together, Lit' Per annum. Address Rev. IF. 0. , Mr OS'z, chymlst, tGlocestarroad. Regent's-park. ALADY, who has had great experience in the trea,,Ameot Of LerVoUs and other lsatients,and whor rereiveano mnoretban four, han a V .5ANCY. The house and grounds a,e adapted tothe pugD .mo. Th- highest medical references. Taring ICO to ltd guineas p'sr annum, Apply hy len rto . etr Rsso, Hlacklhe.ath Poiut,5.B, 1VALIIDE ]iSALISHMENT.-The Care of the Slck.-JAOK,SONIAIN 6ANATORIU?nt: dellghtful' mantion, six mailes from town, where any London physicians and surgeonsimaylhr consulted. Medical man tonconstant attendance, No infectious dis. ears admitted, Board, residence, medirAl advice, from i lO1s weekly. Address Mdr. Jacston. proprietor. Colethail Homse, FortLs. green. Finrhiey, Nliddlr-ex. 0 N A D ,&C.-A phFyiciian (l-o-mcopatbtc), d Eclsllllll!ktlo the care of the intirm, residing to a. select water. I1 'g place on toe lenti,h roost, well ksonn a favourite winter regirt, haa a VACANCY for one or two INVALIDS,1 to whom every attentior-.both, medical and otberwiss. will beshowr- For particulars alidret, to HI. 1).. 2. Sit. Pauil's shrsrchyard. MO, rV J.NVALJIDIi-A miarried medical mani, of macti e1. ex!)erenoce. residing In a healthy and plcturssque part of G!oces- tbire, has a VACANCY for a lady or gentleman, wods5e state of health may requiire cons-tant medical rare, combined withi the comforta of home, The ensuee is large and quite !n the countr1, anud a separa-e soite of apa,rt-entnsif reuired. IZeieiences givesenmdrequIred. Aidress F. R.t. (I, ii* M. Rober: Clarke's, 21, Fin.sh lane. city. YDE. PAVHIO ETBLISHNFKNT, 43, ~Wo. H hnr-plas.-EECTEI.opyMIoL BATHS, for theextrac. tion of userc.sry and other osedlir,oe3 fromn the body, sand the fsre of epslapsy.cansumptsm.n, skia diuszeaes,ervousnees r1euinstismnparsts's e, stomach, Ilear,ast usher diseases pronounced incuirable under otisersystoma.- Physmeian '1r. SItFFITIS JO_NES &T V 'rt-_R-CJUR E BTA-BBLIIi6h--M'E NT, Dunstiswe, VBe.dfordshire, two boors by rail from L-ondon. The air from 1,he downs infire and bracing as ttat of Malvert, the water remarkably purn. and !he couintry in the r.eighbourhood very beautitut, Dr. LAURIL~ can :,e- ronarilted in London by appointmient Orly. PEIISMla.& ONE..-PIrivate Estabtisisinent for Lots . COREo'l-N4MIPERATE HABITS, offering all the co,mforis of a home. society, privasy, and muchb experience, Hlighest refereucE a given. Address J. A. IX,, care of Mdr. bMtler. 20, Bonus St. Andrew. street Edisbura h. 4Pik TMji?aTS and PARTIAL BOARD RE' ,,3i QUIltED, hy a 5ooing gentleman, engaged in the city. Address '.5. T. J).- 4, Fri se-street PA,tKT& xi a T, Furnished-a parl,tur and bad ,A.rvo-u-teia geuti;maisengaged during the day, 1Os. 6d. per wleek. inclnding plate, linen, sad attesdancss. Partial b3ard If re- P~IATItTMLY S or OFFfIOES to be LET--two .A.elrgant, ilra -ewell-lighted, and ventilated rooms, with ev-ery convenlesce. on tna fdrat lInor. In tne very la-st situxation in the Straud, 'JNo. 147. W O. PA1V.VMI_bN US.with or withou eord ll tmeA niphoed .tt:ug com a od bed rooms. Family pdriate One mbile froitiS:mthnd RAlwAy tattoi. Tcrm tmnts,12a. ; bo:srd, lie, Adoress Rev. J .VWaver. P Irse-s, 11ax. PARTME2. TS. -GROUND FLO~OR,Fur-nished. AAi&o Dr&wisg FIsOr, unfumisbed. Terms for the latter, £3 sOs, permot o, l ttnac,4.Te are vary clean and xespectaqie.-39. fGreat iPrllanLd-street, Oaveudlnh-aiuaye, W. PA&r,'1E,T6,newly F nihed, consisting of bA d room snd aititing room, soitablfoa single gentleman, Tarmis moderate, Apdly to Barlow and Alderma, i, Caszoa-stroel. Mayfair. I'AR iV h or BOARD.-h rnia A P,RT of a well FURNISHED HOUSE to b E oehro eenarately. Iu the best part ot lisompton, oserlamhn mmua groundr, offersogsmuperior accommodation. Desiral sawne' reaidenee - D. 1D., 4 0. ioompton-cresceut, llronpton._______ PAt &'TS1, handsomnely Fuirnished, in C5am. ABlED) ROOM r ominuainating, large, airy, and well FurMIsed, in the hoites of a uinet family. An elderly lady or gentleman requiring such fir a porm.ssnc.)y would bepreferred. AddreesE. R.,111,1Brainytan-raw. BlorOint.,n. S.W. A PARTMEN TS elegantly and comfortably Far-- _-Lnished, at a pri,a,ereslsienoe, W8 ,eynsouth-streaet Portlandp,aet,, Law rRaegnt-street ansd pearks - two drlrwsig room., four or alve good ctetu bed rooms, servants' rooms, co ivenient watem-elonete, a copt3ious rpply of pure water,a sprrcokinig, rttendancs, linen), Sc., and sahallng If reur,'d, brod. otherl ldgers or cbildlen.. AIAitTMEN~TS-A it eldrllayno withhingria toid.nA fam timybof toftrs rapebt-lsmay fnd one moderaIs ters. ntwo itagre.and anedbeImfortablelDrAIge ROOd soda, BE mnt'wlfrhom ine theosla of a im,t flamily. conthelNort Lnofntw ailadye,coet and fogm nplae andbi Hydee-nct. Addiress,Apnsplty to L. F., care Oof Hry'. MThell 70,g cout.?oahCard Ytree, b itwe or withouta.m parti alnB ard.-. gentlean, esgderly durleiang h day or an ec ovemo bedinoa vaefamily ofwbsertheren areaity Tim o he odme is pbeaonl pretuawLTo an lwrptofthe bet wroo oijlr e ad air. mInutes',n walktfromnte rChalkj Leatrms,wtatior. wnltheNorth ondtuton oRailw -ay,andzfromftheoms,bsid reerent e t ulreqoired.A ..pply t-o L.T.eMr Scarborough. Theeig lbswItrmoth, ad robbl fra phermanency, tovco sistyof are sird ariwel-5srishd Rooms adond bed room Thoueho of a pri-ema vatefamiy whre tere re iouo,e lhodgr wo ll be ldt preferred.tha Leter, wthparic lerthasboituationof yhoee,sire. fof a roms, a-o nency. tbs terma woldbmoea. A gentleman engaged doring tiae day prefrrred. The intm soe and healthy, anid conveyances to all ports of Lnaidmn pastiendoth street,RNo childress. For cards of ad,lrvss9 ppliy i r. Ryan. newa scaent. (leaf ton-street,Gower-strect. PARTvI O;N4TS WA TD ihntomiles anid iA a-half north or north-west o1 Temple-bar, conniotiog of aL small neatly furniaimnil sitting renin and large siry bed room, with spire roomn adjolIning, the latter huth unfurniinhed. A genitlemnan of 0,diet, rglrhabits, engaaeddurisg the day. Is deuorons of ineeting with the abvein a isrivaps family, wheore there ame no children or other inmates, Rnlnrescec expected. Address, staling terms, which must be moderate,.AA. B..corn of Mr. W. Clifford.Temple. EMC. FURNISHlED CITY APARTMENTYS -a good J. sittteg asid ore or two bed rooms (comlortable for wiuierlwlth excelleDt attend,sce.-S. M.. 31, Farnngdon-street. ijEURNISF.tED APARTMENTS, suitable for sing-le F or married p rties, at 1, Uppor Gower-street, Bedford-square. Terms nmodrr, to, -PUIRNI:SEiED APARTMENIT&S-To be LE!T, near J'Rugsellq.qur-, a DR&WING-RODtK FLOORt, wi th twro bed room8 and one ..ltting room, either together or separately, *vell ftirnisbed. Terma very moderato, For cards tO Tiew apply to Mr. Kerley. aro e;i .iffiso, 17, Woburn-place, s uesell-equaro. jURNiSHi.L] APARTMENTS.-St. James's . u& pRi cN.Pireily-T be LET. an elegantly FIfRNIrIIaD, S.LF -f Af IITXMEYT S. usutable foir one or twao geutlemen. ova smail prinato fanmly. For cards of adrees apply to Mr. Barker, baker. 3. Buvcs-'.reet, 5;. .fnises'a F UENIbIFIED APARTIENTS to be LET, at o, FNorman roadl es-t, St. Leonard'e-onoSea. to any ladyor gentlem-n requiring a c)mfortible lodsing. Th6y consist of large sitting and two bed ro-r.so, not 50 yards from the sea. No objection to let dr3aing room and one bed room. including fire, 1 per week; and £L is. per weak tthe lree rromrs. including attendauce. pURiN IciHbD A PARTMEi;NTS to be LET, to- F geter orsepartely-he Opsr Pat oflbHouse, witli use of kitchen, Noe. 401, Greet Portland-str, CasenOle.esquame Terms moderae taen or arerannuy. he aartenta embmraeo every comfort, and the hsouse Is remarkably airy. References of the highegt reepecta'itm.lly FUR.NIH-iD APARTMENTS WANTbD, by a _LgenUeman engaged in lbs city during the d.y-a bed room an t nlttlng room bcommunlostlog preferredi, situate within half an hour'e walk westwvard from the Gengral Post office. Write, stating terme, whicJeh must be mo$Orst9, to A.-B., care of Mr. Wateon, staUoner, 8t. Ann's-lane, le. rlartIn'a le. rane J ERNIYN-6StEET.-To Gentlemen and Members Of Parllinment.-A D)R&WING ROOM FLOOR In now y&casit, oososoting of three rooms, with water cleset on the same floor. Cooed attendance and tbeltermns moderate. Ap ply to M r. Porter, iei,oa . save,. fLA[ NDUDNO, North Wales.-Parties visiting tiits Lbeautitfu lwatering place during the autumn or winter montbs may be acconmodated With firthelars private APARTMVIENTS, Inone of the host situation, with or without board. Terms maoderate. Address Mr. Middleton. FA,baston Hose, Llan dudno. N. W. ESTUBo u}NfE-TERttLAoE-A SUITE of eltw ganily FtJRNISHEID APARTMtENS, in the house of a private, r(eutlean: no ottheXnr tenante,t BiSttintg, bed, and dressi3ng reoon, had. Term mrsierqateWithIn chalf ann hour', walk of thi Rxouge of aul~~~~~ II) ED ROOM, se, per week, Furniahed, for asgentle- Jjnin. on the thirdtIlo6rof 8.Wells-treet, nexti4. Oxford-st, W. pARJ2d.-To be LET, on a term from Octobr, JLlarge and splendid APARtTMENTS, withxstabkeaandools.hhouaee - rice de Ia Made5ue, No. 7. N W ONI)-STREET.--Thae PRIVATE, PART of N extensive inMSE,t New Bond-street, to be LEIT, nusdr. 1,1vi,ed. F~r nastilessareInquireanO14.New Bend-street. BktlGa1TON.-BURNI;3kHED APARTMENTi to Bbe LET. near the sea-two bod rooms and a sitting room-at 30., per week. Apply to Mr3. BUrwaslh, 38, York-road, Western-road, J4Rlehtou. L Yisd,airous of r-eceivin lllu%la a t orw Awho -ouldocealpy oneo Iare, air'y, an, crfort& le SIEPING APARTANr. Hrtug utonedaughter, and wishIng her to have compantons abouthbarow,nage, terms wouldbhemoderate. Hrp, piano, do, Two genitlterne are also desIred u entire or partial boardlcrs.-l8, Oakley-square, Regent's-park. rr PROFESSIO19AL MEN, &c.-A SUITE, of TA.CR&NIABI(lt, con istingtof five rooms, in capItal condItIon. Situ&tiun W.O. Boont moderate, and furnitusre at a Taluatfon. Apply to 55r 0. Salle, 12, Eversholt-street, Camden-town. FF ?kICES to be LET, at 6, Adelaide-street, ChRin1g0. cross. 1 )ESIDEI'SCE WASNTED, at a farm-house, withi A,p.irliegs of Shoottng.-Y. Z., Mr. Reed's, Joliu-treetk Ox5Wra-etreet. mo HOUSE AGENTS.-REQUIRED, a smalL T HOUSEl and SHOP?, in the suburbs of London suitable fra sttlitionry bnstneee. Addres,; statIng rent, do,, to X. Il., oars of or. Doigltas. news agent. Enigtutrider-street, city. L A6EHOLDS.-WANiTED, to I.NVESr £1,500 Lin ttle above descrIption of property, well let on leas. Faul par Mlolars to be f.orwarded te Mr. Kirkman, 3, Oannon-street. city, and Bilactne,tlb, Heat. C LZTY, FREEHOLDS.-WANTED1, to INVEST £1000 ad e.t*0l in one or more some In the above description of property. Full particulars to be forwarded to Mr. Kirkman, 3, Caunon etreet, city, or 8, Park-placeo, Blaakheeais. (;ROUND) RENTS.-WANTED, to IN VS £12,0500 n one or moseesuma, Iuthe above description ofproperly (freehoidl. VuU p4rtlealare to be forwarded to hIr. Kirkman, 3, Catnnon-street. clity, and 81%okbeath. Kent. ~ OUSE~VA?~TD, on EASE,in the neighbourri hod o Hyd-par. Itmustbe i perectrepair, oontatn three 4 GE TLE AN, n te ciy, islis to INVE8T C~abst£i,t0 in he UaOHS f FEBEHOLD or LEASEHOLD1'ROlfttZY.in the metropolis, to pay a good per oeetagre Honses f lnes tha £4K n um tl not do. Apply, with foil partbcil[ars. to A. R.i? ecoc-tel 0r HOTELKEEP.ERS.-WA TED), in a health_y T.marlltt towin, a aneal c ompact HOTEL, doing a respectable busineSs. Tb,s sa.t... bjected to. Any party wishinigto relineuntlshuech a concern, reqiuring from £500 to 800 -may be treated writh hmme dliately by addressing fnul particulars toO0. H.. 3. Oherterhouse-sqnare IL YDE-PARK ESTATE.-WANTED a wellFU? X-L agtEE tilOUSE, for aix months, in any of iAe following pooltions or sheir vILessty:-Cambridge, Oxford, I.locester, Hilyde-park or Sussex squares, Weattoorne or Glocester terrace. There most be at least eleht bed rocvsm, and, it posible, stabling. Addre'ss fla particulars to Mr. Batrton, 20. Vormaueht-terrace, ayde-park. ITNFUIR.NISED dotached HOUSE WANTEI3 IL) in thoi ourh repair. on the sea coast, between Southampton and lzlsetlngs and wrlth.n two or three mlles of a railway station ; coosistlag of sooa drawing room, dining room, email library, four or five best I-.ed roomrs, and sore-ants' rooms, kitchens ; coaci-house ankd stabl', with other out-onices, and two or three acres of land, at a mnoder,te rectil, Apply by letter pont paid, with lullparticulars,toT. B.,postoliEce, Chrlstrhurch, liaots. I)EAI) THIS,-Ten Shilig ilb given to any MA er-Oweeo will ontutagroo OiE Gfrthe BUbIN1ESS of a 1 OlY'sI18T and D IST, eite ntw or country, provided the advertuer accepts th loaiygAde oet paid, ii. T., M'r. Stitnidine's. i4. 13rigit:n-po Ne et-od hysnists' Fittings, with' or without stork, 9,ntd NOTICIf of REMOVA-L-Messrs. RtUSHBUitY and C &NNING, Auctionters, Mitato Agents, and Valuers, 4. dgra-ra,resp)ectfuly inform theIr client, thatthey wIIREMJOVE to178, PicdIl, oppoIteo Burlington House, as noon Das the alterations are Completed. T be LilT, the FARMIS of GILRIDGE and TLEVSRBUtX-HIL10 3a mIles from the Edebliddge StStIon, Io Rent, conitaining 235 acres. APPly to Mr. J. R. Eaig, Glen (gIgi, isirricinulr, N.B. r30 be LET, in the her o h city, a GROU.ND T 1FLOOR WAItSHOUSS ad AR,with ext4nelsve Cellsrage, nuitable for wine or b ttled ale stoes or any boieoweedry cellarage is desirable. Apply on the premises, 9,Wlro, city, Bent moderate, rflO be LET, a 10-roomed HOUSE, in theneighbourJ. hoot of {nioutetbridge, closetothe park,.withblargeyard,washhence, and rt%ble, side entrance The furniture. pictures. glass, aLnd lInen with stable and fittings to be sold price £100. or may be taken at a ValUato.O ReLt;£45 per annum. App;iy at 38, Brompton-row, Bromp- rh ho LET, byTedr for one or more years, the T OCISIiTER MUSIC HL.Thinshall is Capable holdIng 1.400 Dttilona; is used for oratorloc, concerts, publc meetings, &c., end contains a grancd orgau, retirin)g rooms, and tvery suitable Convenience The cent lst year was £275. Applysby letter,with tenders, befrorethe 12h of Octolier, 1855. to the S-ereary, MUSIC Hall Company, Chester, wi-o will afford any iniformaticn. mu beL T, by Messrs. Wsyed il,anesInTLbliished, well-freqaueted FAML OELadRILWAY TAVERN., with Stabting, Fosting sand F'ly uiesag garden, &C., 26 miles from London. near the stationInamreton. The premise, are new isa pa,s-essjon of the freeholder, who Vwil gran a lease or le't item ti a tanalit at will, at the moderate rent of .Li50per annum, which may, h e reatly reduced by unaderletting. Thbe buaincey in highly respectable The ini,tlstrates rue,,. at the hones every fortnight. Thle county ball. au lt and other dinners, are held annually, with other noorv,ss of IroSt. which miy lie greatly increased by culitivating aws:ns and slpirit tra-le. Iduniedilite possesion may be had by tatiug the f ornltsirr ,n,i shfect at a valuatIoni (about £1,2003). For further particulars anid cards ms view the vresises apply to the auctioneers, &C., 10. Monnt-,treot Westniinss-r roa,t. Lambetli. Surrey. 7'"'iOtbe LETr, FL- JSH D by the year, a conun-o* X dhsus PAMILY SAIIN(h residence of Captain Ro-el, -ituate In the pleanauteat pato h onof Norbhampton, co asunan. tUg an EXWrdeoI e nntIscoesieviwo the -Nenas valley, Tte house contsius dufitzn, drawig an raf oms (the two former 22 feet by 17 le-t ( ibchesl, wit ernehl 4feet by 8 feet 9 Inches, house. lseepes'r -,o ,. isutle,' patygtore room, and every re,qulalte for a family, four b-st bed rone ressng roses, and four otter rooms, a rev-er-f,dllig supply of soft and hard water, with A well-arranged gae. den ansI nacdo,,k, ThIs will be found a rare opportunity far tee ocoupa.cy oi a house conWtIing the advantage of a towni residence with the wicasiies of a couintry seat, Rent £110) Per Year, To view apply so hir. Visjs. Ditoklry. uipnolaterer, Msarket-esquare, Northampton. N.B. A co vtoh-Isuro aud ctshsir.g for two horses. ro1 ZSTAT EO NERS ano BOKILE -A firs t- I class BUJINESS to be DISOSD OF, at thewest end. None need apply seeo canost command £1000, Direct or apply to Mr, Hoirrus, 101', Oxford-street. r i be DISIOOtiIID OF, th U ESS aad T1 LEASE of an old-es,tablis;hedEAIGHU , Dining, and Coffe Itosums, in one of the princIplstes thewt end. For particulars apply to Mr.' Esquilauot, 30.Oor-te, 0 beCf DISPOSED OF a WHOLE9SAL-EMAN-UT.F`ACIURl1.NO LOOT and gaoE BUSINESS, in Northampton with a gusoconnexion, The warehoiue Is large anjdcommodious, and with every facility for an extensive trade, For fusther particuLar address by letter MIr. Wtiliamson, 5. Portland-place. New Kent-road, f OCUTLLERS.-A BUSINESS f0r D16PG6K7bA, e~n avantageous terms, established many years ait Oxford. The sto -k reQuired to he taken Is very low, and the rent moderate. Tcle businees Is orell adapted for a working cutler, with a small capital. Apply to Mr. J. G. Betteris. law slationer, Grove-street, Oxfordt, rw0 hTATIONERS and BOOKSELLERS.-M1r, B.Holmes is irastructed to DISPOSEC OF an old-eetablihed BUStRE*S, is one of the best Situatioins in town. To an acet-.vs young manu Itiiresents an excelleist opentng. The rent Is easily made by letting, The valuassle lease. etook, fixtures, and furmitnre wIl amount to £300 Apply to Nry. Hlolding, trade valuer and auctioneer, 1955, Oxford-treet. bg'i e SOLD, by order of Mortgagee, for £1,850, ..TwoI PAIRtS of LEASEHOLD HOUSES, situate at htockurelL, lerri'- g fr £120 per annum; groind rent £30; lease 90e years. They ret,5 ouilding upwards of £4,000. are msubtantlaily built, and of heandsian e -,ern, Apply to SIr. J, P. Patmun, archItectk, 31, Great J-lmes-street, 'risdfird-row. T O'. be SOLD, i.0 0110 lot, byprvt contract, to pay ..tleant 15 par cent.,sera valualLAS OL GR N0 ET.NaPs IS.aoutintlgaltogether to£3143 R.1ad,mOtmLy) secured; tx-zetter with a haudsomce Terracem opiigsxdeln-oss and bringing in £147: also spare BuiligLn.Apy ylte,ps l-aid. ta 4 .,1Ot-lIe Birraagham r", mI WAPERS and MILLINERS._An e~xcellecat i BUSINESS, 'with suitabslepremises, in the nelghbouschoo3dof Vourliall. to be D)ISPOir:~D OF, on moderate terms, in consequenuce of tih- pr.ecut pni.-rIebsr's ill health. For forther particuilars as.ply to Messrs. Ediwardsa and Sru.th. 18, Great CAster-lane, Doctore'-com. moon r~ APITALIASTS-obe D1SOSi 0? I.TOJES a-alizable LEASEHOLD HOUSES, elists nEs-te Ntantw-y-pak, Sitratford, le-ttorespectable tenants n rlcn rentAl of £;o10 lie per aunnum neck. Ground cent 2ls e is Teno if lease 6013 years. Apply to Mlr. V&rcoe, Hs-tet aby par k, oltratiord. E. 1 'i) h SO D. grat argin, an 11-roomed I. hnseof oadPiJNIToE. or 100 atthewest end of Lonon Asth prset one isgong brad hepurhaercan ha"e OmnbuespasIn te dortoallnatsof .,ndn eer fve minutes Appy P loterto . i, B, pstolic, 2, Cawfrd-tret Bryanstoni- muBAER and CORNCHXNDfL`ERS,TO be I.MDSPs.sED OP. 010-Years' LEASE, Goodwill, FittIngs, sod Utensils otis neatly-built double-fronted corn-er SHOP1, insa healthy and re. epectabile neighbourhnoo, doing 18 esaks per week and £0 Iin roesebandl'ry. A good run In bIcin t. andi bakings psy ten rent, £53 Pier - ea. Polemiso, corseir of foitzz bi;Yroonis, shop, parlotur, kitchen, b-itehollse, 11 bushel ovon. stable, cart abed, biore room,L loft for hay and straw, a zoneS yard, with side e~tmeano, Price 200, ilIncidinz a sapssioloei-rs, e nd cart. Applynonthe premlsi.44,DDuff-st, E ~ast I Inds.-,- ;j O MILLERS and others.-To be LET, -oniL~_P I'. a OSkii-tas,tIsl brick and o'ated dotible waler CORN MILL. in mt excelli-ot repair, nit-sate at Uxbridge, Middlesex, on the river Coins-. workeel by two weter-whusels, driving eight pair of 4 feet Fresich stone-s. and taring Stowage for upwsrdsB of 3,010 quartemof corn, A bsrans-.n frons th,e Grand Jan-tlon Cansa, enablesi bargesl to come along. side its whelIe length. aind there Is a station in the t5wn on a branch of -he Great Woureern Railway, thus affording every facility for carryin-1 On in 1lar4e asid tircut oisle busIness, May be viewed by tIckets and fsxll part4cidars had of Nlstsars. Heron a-.d Sons, nuctioneBre Ufxbrldge, Mlcldil cax: and of Mtessrs, Norton. Erggart, and Trist, 62, Old uroasistet attExebango. roGROCEItS, Tallow Chiandlers and PlrovisIonl T. Dealers-Paterborough -To be LET, with?lmcnediatepossession. its the centre of theo rnarkiet-place of the rapidly rising town of Peterborosi h. e very commodiouis SHCOP, with extensive Premises, where the business of a whelessle and retail grocery, cbeesemongrery, and ta,llowv chan:dlery business has been surccesfully carried on for more thsai half-a-centulry. The retuirns of the tenant whose lease has terminisated were isowards of £l5,tO0per annum, The above leonetof the sno0rt cliriblse eltuittionn ever offered to the public, Apply eithler to ISir. Peter B3road, 28, Poultry, London; C . Roberts, grocer, Bourn; orn 11i BANKPRUPTUY.-In the Matter of Andrew ('astan. Joseph Cartan, and Edward Duify, Baukrrpta.-To he SOLD by PI'llIs AUCTION, at the Coart of Bankruptcy, FourlCo rte, Inns-quay, Dublio, on Tuesday, the 27th day of Ortoser instant, at tht hour of 2 o'clock in the afternoon, by order of tho CommIsstoners of Bx.krupt3 in this matter. aU the ESTATEB RIght, Titlo, and latere t of Robert Murray, Benjamin Banks. and Alexander Thomson McF/arlane, Esras., Morzggees, and Edward Fottrel and MIohael Mur,by, Esqs.. tho Asignees cf saId Bankrupts, of and in :-Lor 1. That Partof tbelandsof Grange called Dean's Grasge, ounteiolng 2a. Or. 35p. tlatuts mieaure. with the stores. mills, cisterns, malt. houses, stables, wellIng-houses, and gardens thereto belongIng, sod rho everal 'lecesorplotsotground,eontiining 2r. 32p. statute messimre, known as tbe Stiilorgan Brewery, with the dwelliog.heoset, garfete, ollces, and concernp, stores, and machinery, and trade fixtures tl:eseon or thereto belonging. Lot 2. Two Fields. containing "bout 14a. ir. Sp. statute measn-e. part of the lands of Stillorgan. LAt 3. The Piece or parcel of Groand. with the dweuing-honse and buildings erected tbereon, knonn as No. 3, Cffe-street. Lat 4. The Yaula, store, st.les. and rremises. sItuzate at No, 57 Lower Kevins rect. One portion of lot 1, contalnlog 2a. Or. 3Sp., is held under a I see dated 30th Masebh 1853, for residue of a term of 9q7 years troin 2 tb March, 1.53, at the yesrly rent of £9; Fterling: and the otbe - p irtlon ot said lot, undor a leae dated b0th taych, 1053. tor residue Pt a tera of 2i yes rA from 25th Mlarch, 1Si3. with benefit of renewal. pursuant to serarate deedof covenant at the yearly tent of X55 Sterling The brewcry, melt-house3, stores, buUdings machinery. and arrange. mante wil he foand most commodioits and perfect, anl oanveuleat In oveey reseoet for carrying on an extensive basiness. Tho machinery is In perfect vworKing order, and of the best and most molern descrlt. on The water Is of the purest kind, and the supply inox. hinstible. Lot 2 is beld under a slgnmeot for residue of a tern cf 58 3ears and SIx months from 29th September, 1093, at a yearly rent equal to £56 12s. Old. sterling. Subject to a lowe of about ts-o acres Irlsh thereof, for which the tenant pays a Yearly rent of Lit 2s. 4d Irish. Lots 1 and 2 a,e s5:lwaio In the half-barony of Ratbdown, ans county of DelbIlo. Lot 3 Is held under a leae date.1 F1ebrosry s, 1043, for reeIdue of a term of 'in year, from M.rsh 25, 1843. at, it may be ul 0, 1a for yront of £111sterlIng, Lot 4 IJheld under a lease date Jul; 9, 1S45, for reIdde of a term o0 61 yers, frona March 25, 1S45. at the yearly rent of £0 stoslin. Lotb 3 and 4 are aitoato In the parish of St. Peter, snd enmity of the cIty of a)nblin. An abstract of the title has been Iiodgel io the Court of Batruotcy for the lnspewtlon of is,tsndeil psireaners, For further psaticolare and infort ation apply te Mllhel Siu,phy, Es-i., oltigial ascienco, 10, blountrath-street; lssaril d 1 rali, Eaq - tue L.-ade asuignee. 44i, Flieet-street; ?eerrs Fottseli and 8asitc. agenta to the commIssiion and assignee, oflces, 46, Sirns,-nereeasr to J.hZU Siu.ray, naltetor fo, mo;tagees, 10, West. 14 DENBIGHPAOE, Belgrave-road-To QURBITON.-Tobe LET, F~urnished, the w_Vhole or k7 pu of 10-romedHOUSE .. tin t rneiunutee'wlk of tbu railway station. Inquire lit 1, iielford plaole, Maple-road, alurifton, IL thewinter.QU R .Tmo ET u ihe,for J.J thewintermonthsor ensuing sen,acmofu RESI. IDEN Iwth stablinf. For tering and toviw oly to the agent. orWllt Douglas, 4i, Lowndes.street. %eiaeeure. C1HESHIAM-PLACE.. O beSLD, is most desir- able RESIIDENF C; oomprIIgfour beet bed rooms, with two dressig rooms, fonr servanWbed acornsl, spPcious dining and drawing reornai, and excellent ofloea For terms, Sn., apply to the agent, Mr. W,IL&im Douglag. 14, Ltwn4es-steeet. BgeIav,,sqatg. EATON-SUAE -T be0`LD a apta 1F FAHILY 8R(`tuID KNOE, with three room. On eaetl Of the ground and first flooirs, 10 bed aond dressing rooms, superior Otolne and atabling, For terms, in., and to view apply to the agent, Mr.Wlitm DOWga,, 18, Lowndea, street, Belgrare-square. TELGRAVIA.-Several firat-clIs :RESIDE~NoI~ B13to be LBT. Furnished, for the winter months or for the ensuing season, upon moderate terms. For particulavs and to view apply to the agent, Mlr. William Dougtlas, 14, L',wnde"-treet, BelgrYe-quare. CtIHISLEHUItST.-A HOUSE to be ~LET, F~urX_'/nl2hed, for two or three monith from the Ist of N4ovember, oontamiGng three sitting roms. aix bed rooms, and two dressIng roomas. Rent very moderate. Apply to Messrs Baxter, ecst;eaete% Birumley, St.E. ; or by letter to ). Y. Z., poht-ofi]lce, Chlilebnxa.1z,0 FEIN G TO N, only £4A5gr annum-T o be LBT several Tery eligible RESIDEN EB. coDntaining four bed naomi aDo34 three reception roomr. study, and good olioes. For carts to view apply to Air. Lineis, Holland-terrace, or M1r. Thonma Young, eatate agen,t, 4.0, Pall-mall. fl E-PARK ESTATE, clo_se t Ke inon. H i.rdens-One of the beat HLOUSES, withihadom rcpto room, and 10 bed roomis, to be LET or SULD, on very mooderate terms. ApPly, to Mr.`Wm. Thompeon, architect, 2, Conduit.stree wedl, Weitbourne-terrace, W. has a front and back gardon. Omr,nibuses to theij east and west end every fe. mninutest. Rent:£45 and £;0. Apply, at 25, tn the name road. t¶AING-CRS.-0b LT omn mjga extenaive PREMI e, uitablr for aSa-I nuac He branch bank, or cether con,mere'a operation of iprac.Frpt tirulisr apply to Slr. Feake .fnord. eolloltor, 5, on I.Aepl iasYDBNHAbI o eLE,a el UNISBIED5 ,-'I HOUSE~, outali-ng drain~ig room,dining room.five bed rooms, dressig room, water-closet, good domestic oniices, had and siott wtate garden and orchard, coach-house and stable. Apply to MMs Gadadsa Perts-bIll. Ilydenbam. LATOXNPWLACKIBeI-ave.squar.e.-To be LET E21F..rnl-hs-d f,,r one "in t-o years, the RESIDENCOE of a nobleiro.n. aultable for the reception of a large eatabliaImneut, wIth fiveJ,talled stable, large coachI-hou1se. &c. Apply to Lahe and Wood, ngents. 65. New 13ond etreet. I95~D; __________ ~AYLING ISLAND.- b YLT us-olsahed, ic thin healthy situa-tion,. fre frmdmpo e, at a very'low rent, a commodious handsnmely LR iE REIECB, nontaining nine bed roo)m., four sittigroo fie.sai,n grounds, good. water, extens~ec sea VI.w n era hrh pl to Mir. Lewis, anotloneer. Hara,.t; ort abo radW d,aet,6,New Bond-streret, W. 1572 SI. ICTORIAY--STR_E_ET, W smnle. o b YL11ET, u.furni-hed nr furolebed, tltl oeto h unfurnioed value, a FL !T O. the third dor cotiignn oMs. &C. Apply to Biegsa. Trollo.,e, Groave.or-ere wetSaonsuo .W.: or to L.bee and WGod.. ager t N,,lew ods-e, .12 ft fOTTENHA-GR N.- Sprn COtg. deTaced eneoal R&KSDEN'.CEtoSLE,bMrWyro oonasating of dining and Oawl,-g roe,sr, three e es,,desn room, kitchen, scuillery, garden, b.c. Rent £55 peranu.Cveit for omnibus or rallw.y. and rinse in TAnmity Churh o aret viewandfurter artrni re ppl to aIr Whbro, Ttehmg-e fUOTT N HA . - Mnor-errae. - A sbtni L bult OUSEto e LE. Cntaiingsixrooms. Large gardEn. Watr lid n. earno he ailsna sttio. ent £22 Pe, annum, In. eluIngtheuteof ll he xcelea fiturr.Apply to Mar. Y hytro, Ldtcegetlemanly RS EC ob E,b r hbo coestn0 f iig, drswisg n raf. oos e e om Wasrto t, itlen, GOo' adn aldrun.Rn41 e n 3um Covnet for omenibseo ala.F.crst iwapyt ~TRAT OBv ssex. Saners-errace, ChobhL&nk3gocl, earthe s.strn ountes Rilwy StatiOn-,Several rub. etanlalbric-bult folJE.- tob LE. rchoolaiingtwo l.arlours, fou be rome itcen.andlare grde. Bnt 25 erannum. in. eluinguseof lltheexcllet fxtres Aply O Ar.Whybeo, aue. R1 EEN WICi. -To be LETor SOLD ~(Nor. 21 3 and 21 aks-e), TWO six-roomed HOUSES, leasehold propert, 55 yasueprd at a ground rent of £4 163. Per annMUM. Premium tO mana 0 rh two. No. 24 Ic tenanated; No.25 Is to be let at. a rental of £9pranm A caiAtal pnechace for one who wIshes to tenant his own hOUse. Addres Mar. J,,s- btpleton, aurveyor, Clapham. Surrey. ENT:Southborough, near gianrld elwels.-To K~.bo LEI' on LE&SE. a capital FAMIY OUSE. Coach. house, stables, gardena. or.hard, I-,d.e entrance and extenriveorna., mental grounids, with snu acrges of pastuoe groundI and othEr conveniences. Apply at the Lol;ee ino Ropwood and Song, 47, Chancery. lane. W.C.; or SIr. Chantler. Fouthboromb. [ A A ZERSIVIITH, Oakhurst, RaNvencourt-park~. 11To be LET, unfurnished, a very pretty detached VILLA RESIDENCE, with lawne, large Ito% er and kitchen gardens wail stocktd. two conserratorie., fancy, euneser and pelting house, pit. &c, T-he house contains 11 roo-sar, ard exoellent nffirse. Reut moderate. Apply ye above ; or to lair. Powell. 240, Oxf.-rd-street. near Marble Arch. kOHO.-To be LT oni LEAS,(tstrbltn the )~fbest manner I the large and coznven-Ien Ois,wt ll-l 3op fronts, 19. Frltb--tree', Su,bo. ItbhswreosInteyr.pr of which are let at £25 per year, but pcceo a ehdI eiie. The fixtures will be scheduled to theeae Frptlias ,lyt R. M. Refe, E.q., 14. Friarin ilon t lURSlTO0R--'.sTRFEET, huncery-fiaue.-B eneficial LEAS to be DI-l?OSE)i OF, inclutding the fixturee. fitting, of ebop, and gas. The hon-c lets no weekly tenants. Lessor pays inaurance, rent £32 Term 1 1 years no ron. Price £60. A ceelra. le pi.Portunlty to any persoun wanting to open a biseincas. Apply to Mar. XVF. Hammond, auctioneer 3. Carey-Lateet. Lmnc,sn's-irp. W. W.C. D AMSGATE, ent.-To TaI'sors, Hatters, andl AiGenrs uollr.-Tt be DISPOSED OF, by- the end of Iheyear, a tiirmatlve BUI 0in the above line, of 40 years' etandlug, in one of the beat sitaioalthe two.ler partiessnar,,and totreat for the eauee apply 1MrA brahaim. auctioneer, Q ueen-street, H amagate. TEW ISUAM.-T-~o be LET,several gernteel HOU6ES 3.4situate at Ruhey-etreen,Lea L.ham, oontaining aixrooms,conTenient out- ofelmec nd garni n well drained, and supplIed with spring water. Rant XA5 per aannum Apply to laIr. Atkins. auctioneer, Ruebey-green, Lewitham. FANG 1oEY, Bucks, within balf-a-leoe _the Langley Uk tation. on theo Great IVeetern Eailway.-To be LET, fromfLady, ay aeext, LOVEHf ILL HOUSE and PARtK, with stiblit,- f,,r eight borseg, For particulars and to view apply to the owner, bMr7Nett:e!hip, Wlnkleiglh,IDevon. Ber,t £21Operannum. T Ji FlISLD, S6usex.-To be LET' at Chrtstiafi next, a very deelvahle and pIctuiresque FAMILY RERIDENCE,~ Cale Ooombe Banks, containing; library, dining, and drawing rooma, aorso bed roome. kitchien,lanundry, wine and beer cellars, and all oter, necessary otlloes ; with kitohen garden, lawn. Pleszuro-eroutda, ad orchard. For p.rticalars apply to Mr.Hay,.the Roeke.7 VetSld. AN excellent BUTCHER's SHOP to beDiS-Pos,D Al,OF. Iniuire o1 W. IL, 14, Rhodswell-lerrace. Ste;ney. r(PAILOR's BUSINESS ob IPS~, F in a JL thriviln country town.Tem mooerate. Apl t hnW. Gabrlel, w oo len wareboviselawn,1 5 Regret-street, W CIO ERsB SIN hiSS to be LET, cheap if tobken iXImmediately. Apply on the premiseo, DowViug and kacns, corner otf stytl-areet. S t.,Jo hne-road, Hoxton. ~JIANUFCTURI~G PREMSE8, coi-erin:gan LVJ ara 01 6,00 epeeical eet tobeLET, In part or Whole. Ap l on he pemiee. . Lmnits-pveac. O iewel-street. FiuBbury. JALT. earFlet-tret, n fat orothrwie.Apply tW Mr. Chu LIO AREUUES.-To be LET, in Horsely. IL down, TWO exoaenlt FLOOP.SRuad thoe naof ayprl. Adir-c A. X.. care of Mr. Adams. stationer. Little To.er-s-ret. d,s.cie E'AOkFFEE- HOUSE, city, with 104 F -ears' LEAS;E, C~ for £130. Rent, £112. all made by beds. Parted. with through the death of the proprie tor. In modiste p. Ssesalon can be had. For all particular ap l)!y . o M r. S ainsbury-, aC L oudoL-rOad, tiorotgh. RETAIL BOT and SHOE SHO F_-The LE~ATN lu audO 000 OWILL of a SHOP In the nelebbourhood tif rrtryr. lane, doing a baBiness of between £10 and £50 a week, to be ';OLD. Apply to Air. W. R. Harris, S. Copthasl-chambers,TS.rogmortot.-'treet. QTATIONER's, News, and Circulating Library. £j 25 only, includlrg 600 to S00 volumes of books. Excellent aand respectable elsiuation. Rent low, The cheapest and miss1 de4r able concern ever Offecred, Apply at Mdr. Patchlnges. 32, Crarbouroe street, Lticepter-equare G HOLASTIC,--For immediate TRANSFEER, a fl ounieing BOY's CLA6SICAL and COMMEIRCIAL SCHIOOL, on theDvvonsaire ooazt. Sloet satisfactory re,sconsfor retiring. Ad. direac Senolaaticus, c-are of Rer. J. LC. Saunders Ivy Cottage. South Mlolten, Devon. us) U NEsPE ISES, Edgewa-re road and si i- J dincgon;ao PrvBate dlaences, Clsvelacid-euare. Howleyplace. Warwiok Vilas Wetoreterc, c.-ldr. Young has rarital PROP ERTIES Intheaoeutaln to be LET.-Auction end estate office, 1Now Churchstreet west. Edgewaro-roed. U 0 ERIOR COFFEE and CHOP H_fO_USE.RetJturns £95 per year, at large pro is; held on lease - with every Cvonies-sce socarrying on a large trado. 20 ye%rs cet.hislhod. AUl telmsfuraitnr,,e. egrss.and Isaac,inch-Oed. for £550. Apply to Mlr. lSaritnsr. 17, Pcrtstnoutb.plaos, Steoningtoo-15ane, -/aleadIag tliorotsiiifarir, and stiltahle far a high clase be-i, es; Or a public compn.py. The remainder of the lease (with optsortuiily rOf renewali) may be had on easy tetrms. Apply to Nateesre, Ilayly and Newman. auctiouvren and eatat,o .aeuts, George-yard. Lomnbard-street. E C. I CICATiVE BUSII~ESS_(io p-revio-us knlowle-dge LJ1,J 1!Vd.-ob P-iime hee th- above f-sr DISPOcAL, sItuute ou tie StrneY side, I It lasf-y of man>gement the re,t.,rns r,vusiderable, with excellent lirolits. Apply early to 123, Chancery-laue,brtween 10 and 5, iAN U liACTUB II BUSINE,SSfor SALE. ,l.soTkarti6clr- produeei nest wish a ready sale and realize a handsn'ea prod'., Any pveron, with £910 at comnmand, wile find thisaa good intnreetisu App.y by letter only to RB. R. .. H6r. Lill's. yoatolice Wandswortha-roadl. S. LmED)ICAL RETIL for SALE,T-or immncd-iato D!P8L,.a gore' i-Qua tide IlETAIL and COUNTER PRACTICE, retisreleg nearly£4110. and capable of being greatly exteuded.. A surgeon wonl, find it is coed ntroduction to praictice For partloulara ipply to M1r. Lake. 9 Ricr-treet, Newingtone,hutt,,r jEDICAL.--To bo DISPOSED OF, a RETAIL 8E SOP. a bargain if taken immediatelv, having the nileus of a good busines The neigbbol.rhood being densely populated woiild be an excellent opening for a beginner, or young jsurgeon, the rent being nearly all let of N.o Immediste opposItion. Price £20. Addrers A.t,, at Mr. Harvey's, 33 , hio"rtstreet. Wetmin-ster road. Il] EDICAL PRACTICE (established 22 vearsl,VJ To Stirgeons andi Ohymiat and Drogietis -To be SOLD. the LEASE. F itueat, end Fiom.. with Stock. .c, of an -Id-establisbed BeStleIuSS,sItuate onthe rneyaideof the water, which may be en1ei-el upon imnmedilately. Rent of housie and premises, £tt0. Price for the whole. £300, One-third ot the purchse mousy may riemai for I t months on asoirlty, For further partloslat and cards to vewv aDPIY to Mr. Ball, 1, E Lgtongtonrow .enuinton-part. 'i ENElIAL SHOP, esta.blshed 40 years, in a com- uamanr.is g situati3, in whih a fortune has been made, and a fist. rate b isIness may be done. Roomy honee, conveient for letting ott. Rent £20. Fixtures. ntrnSIs, anid premmnim, 45, c stock at a valusa tion. Apply to Nr. Wilabere, gr ocer, Me ln-groundL, he eskhamo. 28;RLIN RBPOSITORY and FANCY REPOSI. L iE.-n old-estabhlhed BTJSINESS. in a large city in the west of England, Sum required bout £4ol. Satisfactory esasors for selling, Apply to Mr. Hatch, 5, Chapter-cnambers, Patsy nester-row. R}tEWERY, in Kent,-To be DISPOSED OF, a B oonvenieuh 6-quarter BREl:WEi;RY, with residenne, isalate Ina ps-p.l ouq town3. wfrss 30 miles of London. The plant Is worked by Ftoats powr and there is a profitable primate andi public trAde attached. Ap,Vlto hleerss. hleson a n d Suns, 61, KInag W Ytfa m-etreet, London. ('I ROCERY and CI£EESEMONGERY BUSINESS f orDISPOSAL-adorble-fronted corner shop,I arespecteble and populous mali thorousi'hre, and nothing in the tIne near It. Ea, ).on setoblishoed upwArds of 9l Yea.%Y The Kutnaton h one of the best in or near London. For carls apply to In. Reece, obaconlt , ShoreaIteB. iztcOC,EltY and ITALIAN BUSINESS for DISPOSAhL situate In a donset0- poPulated lcality in the elt, doine i50 weekly, bht with an actIve Principal wbho ould devote his attea. tlIon t. tbo moncsrn a trade of almost auy extent coald be dons. CoinsaDding cormer shop and good dwelling house: pact ot the rent let off. Aprly to Mr. Peter Broad, Ctty Auctionoffil eS, I'poultry. CO'FEE and CHOP HOUSE, old established cona- X,1 madlglsidtuate in a great public tborougaftare, clm os Ohi trRsc-ro s, to he DIillolSEI) OF. under peeuliar crermimotancees for £320. Gentlemen-s ervautesand otherslookingi foera husinesswill 'da this an -o,r.ps5.nity seldom reel with. Anply to Ar Kc, glbar, bNs,.. 5,St. 2da(vii-ta-lUe,. va i~o agent Uz- *P1y, -
TH'I INDIAN MUTIARIBS. (Continued from Oct. 24.) 'We have bcen favoured with the following his ocy ot the Ben1gal mutinies by a gentleman whose acquixemenb, experience, ,s-!d position udnjiribly qualify bim for the vork of observation 8Ld re iew. C ur rraders, we are sure, will be deeply illterested in the perusal of so lucid and comprehen*tve a ?nemoir:- UMBALLA, ALuatsr. In the end of May a local battalion stationed at Hlansi, Hissar, and Sirsa (districts - -habited by a very predatory populati.n), mutinied, massocred many Euwopeaus, and threw chose dis ricts of the Delhi division into ent:re conx fusion. The mutineers were joined by a party of the 4th Irregular Cavalry btationed at Hansi. On Sunday, May 31, the regiments at BarieUly broke into a mutiny, which appears to have been concerted for a fixed hour at a given signaL Many officers wero killed, while many escapod to the hill station of Nynce Tal. We have no authentic accounts of what tben occurred at Brreilly, but it appears that the mutineers loaded themselves v.th treasure and plunder, and that Raktawar Klian, subadar of the artillery, ass" ned the rank of generri, and paraded about in the carriage of the murdered brigadier, followed by a nuuicrou staff. The artillery appear to have led the revolt, and the mnutineers were joined by most of the 8th Irregular Cavalry. They do not appear to have made any politicrl lodgraent at Bareilly, and the officers, civil and militasj, flying to Nynea Tal rode through the town without opposition or insult. Bat when they were gone power was assumed by a man of the place, one Khan Bahadour Khan who is said to have indulged in the most insulting atroci ties. This maa vas an old native judge, a Sadder Aumeen, of the Company's service. He had retired upon a pension, and I believe that he had also some pension as one of the descendants of Hafiz Rehmat, the old Rohi3la chief. Whether, as a native judge, a proud spirit had long, undc, a show of outward servility (for which he was remarkable), chafed under his subjection to the European judge, or whether his decisions had been upset on appeal to an extent which gall d him, I know not, but it seems certain that he caused rigorous search to be made for all Europeans who might be in hiding, and that several were found, and among them the two judges of Barer'ly. This judici 1 functionary was mindful of the foims of law. He caused his victims to be arraigned and tried. We know not of what they were accused, but they were founud guilty and hanged before the population, among whom they had judged others. The two jadges, the judicial officer, and the doctor (the latter a son-in-law of the late Mr. Thomason) are said to havo thus met their end, The ladies and chil. dren of officers had for the mnost part previously gone off to Nynee Tal, bat there was left a considerable popul'ctioni of clerks, half-castes, and native Chiistians. It is said that these were all taken to the church and these butchered to the number of 90 souls. At the neighbouring station of Shabjehanpore, 40 or 50 miles distant, a scill more striking tragedy was enacted on the Eame day, and it Is presumed by concert. The Christian esidents were quietly in church. The Sepoys of the 23th Regiment surrounded the edifice, and murdered every soul; not one escaped to tell the tale. It is said that two or three, who were not in church, escaped into Oude, but were there moet by some Sepoys from Setapore, asd also murdered. The 29th Regi-nent at Moradabad was a good one, and had stood firm, and even done good service in the face of mary temptations. But when the Bareilly force went the 29t yielded to the force of circumstances, and mutinied also. They did not harm the officers of the station, but they seized the treasure, forced the officers to depart, and re xuained in possession of the place. Thus the whole of the rich province of Rohilound was cleared of European officers aud the mutineers held undisputed possession. Their subsequent proceedings are not clearly known, they seem to have lonig hesitated, and it was not till the beginning of July that they entered Delhi. II At the same time as the Baroilly outbreak a mutiny occurred among the native troops at Luoknow, the brigadier and other officers were killed, but this time there seems to have been division among the Sepoys, only about half the force went off with thelr anms towards Delhi. A corps of Oude loceal cavalry and some Gwalior Horse had teen sent to restore order *o the districts of Aillyghur and Mynpooree, deserted by the 9th Native Infantry, but they also mutinied, murdered their officers, andwent offto Delhi. News was also received that a mutiny and massacre had occurred at Jhansi, involving a regiment of Irregular cavalry. Thus our faith in that arm has been desttoyed. It was also known that the Nusseerabad troops had mntinied,withlsomn bloodshed. Both they and the Jhansd troops marched ta Delhi; and it is to be remarked throughout the rebellion that aU the mutinous troops within several hundred mile of Delhi seem to have made for that place as the centre and nucleus of the rebellion. They have established no loca' posts, indulged in none of the ease of districts all their own, but have marched to the point where a common staud was to bo made against the common enemy-the Feringhee, Still more strange, they have generaUy not divided the plaunder treasure ; no man has been permitted to act for himself ; there has been none of that wild dispersion to their homes of a soldiery sated with booty which might have been expected. They have, almost all in regular order, marched to Delhi wvith the treasure, as public treasur,. Indeed, the quiet, orderly, and peculiar character of the Sepoy has been throughout the rebellion our greatest difficulty, In any other country, among any other race, and especially among men of much greater individual force and energvmatineers in possession of unlimited treasure and plaunder would have broken into every excess, and order could never have been maintained. These wild but determined and bloody Hindoos have maintained the order which is their greatest security. They seem to have given themselves up to a cause (I believe they themselves hardly know what cause), and each individual scarcely even cares to burden himself with ruipees when within his reach. Thus, then continual accessions of troops and treasures have come to the mutineers at Delhi. "At Agra the two native regiments having shown a mutinous spirit were disarmed in time, and leave was given them to return to their homes. We have never heard of their having turned up in Delhi. "Early in June the ingress of many mutineers havin4 put an end to all civil authority in the districts between Meerut and Agra, our regullar communications were entirely stopped, and we have since had but very scanty and precari. ous information till we receive it by Bombay and Calcutta - and even that is not regular or ful. There seems to have been throughout the cxisis a great want of any systematic communication, and the different authorities have known little of what was passing with the others. " We have subsequently learnt that soon after the out. breaks at Bareilly, Lucknow, &c., mutinies and bloodshed occurred at Allahabad, Aslmghor, Benares, Futtebpore, and Cawnpore. at Seetapore and Fyzabad in Oude, at Z'eemuch, and eventually at Gwslior, where the whole contingent of that State, not the Maharajah's own troops, but those raised and officered by ourselves, declared against us in spite of th 3 aid and asaistance of the MIaharajah. Thus it was that early in June the whole of the North-West Provinces had becoms we may say completely revolutlonized-the British rnle was confined to a very few insulated stations held by European troops; in the country generally it had ceased to exist. Entire anarchy had taken its place. Yet there were not wanting signs that the people were not against us. In Several districts possession was for a time regained with altogether inadequate forces. Mozuffernugglur (the most disordered district) was reoccupied with 75 Irregular Horse. Some volunteers from Agra went over to Allyghur and seemn to have been received by the people with open arms. But presently the Sowars, at Mozuffernuggur, themselve, mutinied, shot their commaanding officer, and reestablished confusion, and the passage of fresh mutineers drove the volunteers from AUyghur. " Of the proceedings below we know little, but at the first outbreak some vigour was certainly shown in pushing up Europeans by dak, and they very fortunately obtainel possession of the import3ut stations of Beae n Allahabad. At the former a vely small European detachment got the better of the Sepoys, and at the latter a Sikh regiment stood stanch. At Cawnpore tho native troops had mutinied, and surrounded the very small European detachment. Up to the end of June ao rein. forcements seem to have reached that very important station, and to the present day we have no authentic new, of what happened there, though most painful tales of massacre have been many times repeated. Before the en I of June the arrival of Europeaus and of some native troopi who had not yet mutinled seems to have established some portion of our authority along the river up to Allahabad, and at the other extremity of the North-West Government some of the Ghoorkas from Simla occupy the stations o: Sebarunpore and Mozuffernuggur, but from Meerut t, AUahabad, and from Nynee Tal to MAhow, the mass of the 2North-West country became to aU intents and purposes an enemy's country. The European garrisons of Lucknow and Agra, insulated and cut off, held their ground and com manded the cities. But Agra, the seat of Government in the very centre of the rebellion, and cat off on all quarters from aU communication, surrounded, as it were, by a perfect seo of mutiny, was perhaps the most difMcult and humiliating position of all. With one weak regiment, besides a large station and town, they were burdened with an imnmensi central gaol containing the 3,500 greatest viUains and desperadoes in India, and the gaol guard had deserted. They were threatened by many attacks from neighbouring mutineers, and early in July these threats pere ;iX A bedy of nutlneei from Zo emuch and Gwalior marched on Agra. The Eutopeans, with some native oontingents, went out to meet them, and are said to hare pounded them woll, but (as it is alleged through gross mismanagement) we raa oat of ammunition. The Kotah Contingent went over to the enemy, our Al.wur allies fled and what should have been a victory was converted into a defeat; the Europeans, leaving a disabled gun on the field, retired in good order, with the Governor, officers, &c., into the old Mahomcdan Fort. The rebel ilfantry are said tj have bad enough of it, and to have marched on to the rich town of MIuttra, but the cavalry set fire to bungalows and public buildingq, and let loose on the country the prisoners of the great gaol. Anarchy is said to have ensued in tha town and sumrounding villages, the whole station to have been burnt, and many clerks and native Christians, &o., to have bcan mvxdered. " It is believed that Mr. ColP in's health has to some extent given way, but the exaggerated stories on this subjecc are not true. We hear that troops have advanced from Allahabad, but we know no particulars, so here we may leave the revolutionized North-West Provinces, which, garrisoned exelrvively by Sepoys, among a Hindostanee population, have fallen a prey to the mutiny. It must at any rate be remembered that, in the absence both of Enropeoars and of any local force, with a large Sepoy army and a popu. lation ready to sympathize on caste questions, the Govern. mnent of the North-West Provinces was in a totally different situation from that of any other province, and disadvantageous comparisons of the result are quite out of place. Whatever the origin, the ;mmediate questton which excited the Sepoys was one of religion and caste. Among a population, most inflammatory on such questions, of some 40,000,000 hr. Colvin had three European regiments. A'nong a population of 13,000,000, quite Indifferent to nice questions of caste, Sir J. Lawrence had 12 European regiments besides an untainted local army. " Air. Colvin has been much blamed for his proclamation offeting pardon to repentas't Sepoys. That proclamation was perhaps not well vritten, perhaps ill-timed-oertainly (which is the grand fault) it was unsuccessful; but after all I am not clear that the prinoiple was wrong. If it had produced the desired effect we were certainly not in a position to refuse to receive submission from and accord pardon to the large section of the Sepoys who had but followed their leaders. In truth, our situation in the North-West Proviuces seemed desperate enough, and wve were hardly in a position to refuse all compromise. " The confident European cry that Delhi should be taken forthwith and not one of them should escape was in fact but ignorance and folly. A division among the mutineers and partial submission of the least guilty was of all things most to be des;red. "Let us now look to the progress of the mutiny In the Punjab, where, with a comparatively large European force, a local army not infected by the mutiny, and an unsympathizing population, the mutiny of the Elindostanee Sepoys, has been brought to a final and successful termination. I bave mentioned that on the first news of the Delhi outbreak the Brigadier at Lahore parading the one European regimen: and the artillery disarmed the native troops there. It wa shortly arranged that by the withdrawal of some of the Europeau troops on the frontiers, and the addition of other. with some Sikbs and Ghoorkasas they proceeded, aniinoreas ing movable column should be formed aud marched towards Lahore ready to put down all rebellion. But hardly had Her Majesty's 27th been withdrawn from Noushara, in the farther corner of the Peshawur valley, than the 55th Native Infantry broke into open mutiny. Most energetic measures were adaopted against them. European and Panjab troops attacked and broke them. The latter followed them vigorously; many were dispersed, and the remnant took refuge with the predatory Affghan tribes of the frontiers who are said to have received them as friends, but without delay to have forcibly converted them to Mahomedanism and sold them as slaves. Against the fugitives ir the IPesbawor valley the country, sufficiently hostile to Hin- dostanees, was raised by rewards placed on the heads of the Sepoys, and they were hunted down like wild beasts. Throughout the crisis in the Punjab advantage has been taken to the full of the strong feeling of hostility entertained by the people towards Eindostanees in general, and Hindoatanee Sepoys in particular, and their hatred has been amply backed by their CUDidity, 50 rupees being offered for an armed, and 25 for an unarmed Sepoy, dead or alive. Hence mutineers find themselves not as in Hindostan, but in the midst of an actively hostile population. Add to this the many rivers to be crossed, all the ferries of which were guarded, and the many Eauroean and Sikh troops to be passed, and it will be understood that the temptations to mautiny were not great. Yet mutiny has not been wanting. It may be here noticed that, throughout, severity and distrust have been the rule in the Punjab. Conciliation has been thought almost hopeless. To disarm has been the rule, and not only mutiny but desertion has been unsparingly punished by hanging, shooting, and blowing away from guns. Every station has been the scene of continual military executions. And in districts near the scene of action, or at all disturbed, the civil officers have also been armed with extraordinary powers to hang at once and inflicb prompt and severe punishments on all persons who exhibit any disaffection or commit any violent crime. These powers have been in some places exeroised to a considerable extent. But there has been as yet no Panjabee rising to punish. " On the occurrence of the mutiny of the 55th the native troops at Peshawar were disarmed by the strong European foroe there. At a later period the Hindostanee regiments at Mooltan were disarmed in the presence of Punjabee troops only. Far from their country they did not resist. "AtJullandur and the neighbouring station of Phillour were a strong native brigade and Her Majesty's 8th Regiment, with some artillery. It was proposed to disarm the native troops, whose fidelity there was reason to doubt. The Brigadier commanding at Jullundur was the most amiable and zealous of men, and I believe thoroughly brave, but he was far too mild for the profession of a soldier, and indulgentto natives to an infatuated degree. He hesitated, took the treasure from the native guard, restored It again, declined to comply wlth instructions to place it under the Europeans, settled to disarm the Sepoys, then put it off and gave them one day more. That one day was enough. In the night the Cavalry galloped into the lines of the Infantry, crying that the Europeans were upon them. The two infantry regiments rose, burnt several bungalows, wounded some officers, made a feeble attempt on the guns, and went off. They made for the Sutlej and picked up another regiment at Philloar. This was the 8th of June. Now comes the part for which the Brigadier is fariously blamed by aU under him. He is said to have delayed for several hours to pursne at al. When he did purse he directed the commanding officer of the European regiment to spare the poor misgaided rereatures, and he halted, after marching 10 or 12 miles, while the mutineers made for a ferry. In the evening he moved oai to Phillour, close to the Sutlej and to the chief ferry, which the Europeans in the fort held, where firing was heard; the mutineers had got possession of two or three boats at a place three or four miles higher up. Their passage v, as opposed and obstructed by the civil offices of Loodiantals (Mr. Rickeits, a man of great energy), with some companies of a Sikh regiment and some native chief's men, and he hoped that the Jullundur force would be on their rear. ;3nt theJullundurforce waitedtiUl themorning, andthen marched In regular course into Loodianah, to find that the mutineers had beaten the force opposed to them, got clear across, raised some tumults in the outskirts of Loodianah, released the inmates of the gaol, and marched on. Another officer pursued them, but natives can far oatmareh Europeans. They went away out of reacb, and it is singular that, instead of doing all the damage they might have done, or approaching the great cantonment of Umballah (then held by a small party in the ohurch), they did not even plunder or offer violence to any man; but, making tremendous marches, they quietly travelled by the most unfrequanted cross-country route to Delhi, where they have since especially distinguished them- selves. In defence they were much too strong force that could have intercepted them; and, indeed, they went so swiftly and quietly that their route was hardly noticed. Thus were four regiments added to the Delhi force. I have mentioned that by desertions, disbandments, and the march of a regiment to Delhi, to desertthere, Umballah and Ferozepore had been cleared of moet of the Sepoys. But the skeleton of a regimen' remained at Umballbh, and it was disarmed by the party of Europeans there. " Thus were the chief stations of the Panjab relieved of armed Sepoys, excepting Sealkote. Several smaller stations also remsoned. " The mutiny of the 55th had the had effect of disturbing Peshauar, and no Europeans have been moved thence. An European and a Ghoorka regiment, moved from Rawul Pindee with the moveabl column, were also hastily recalled, and so the movable column ceased to exist bat in name. "But at Sealkote (one of the rifle practice dep6ts) the Sepoys had behaved remarkably well; they seemed to have quite understood the cartridges, their officers had unlimited confidence in them. One of the regiments was the renowned 35th Nativelufautry-part of the illustrious garrison of Jellalabad. The European regiment and European troop of Horse Artillery was therefore taken, with the 34th Native Infantry, a wing of the Native Cavalry, and some Punjab troops, to form, in fact, a new movable oolumn, and they were marched dowln Country. They left at Sealkote the 46th Native Infantry, believed to be the most faitlful of the faithful-so true that the ladies put them- selves under the protection of the Sepoys. When the movable oolunn approached the Sutlej aud had the prospeet of goiu,t to D01b1 the nAtiVQ8 of the fors Wrere be- lieved to waver; no time was lost; tbe E13ropeans were drawn oat and they were all disarmed. IINow, then, alltconfldenoe in the best of the Hindostaneas wM gone; there was also less fear of too universal an outbreak at one time, and I believe it was determined to disarm aU who remained. At Rawal Pindee the European regiment with some difficulty disarmcd a native corps. A detachment had been sent to Jhelum, where a native regiment was quartered alone. But when the Europems arrived the natives loaded and resisted desperately. This was one of the most bloody affairs which has ocourred. Half of the Europeans (there were about 200) were killed and wounded; but they broke the natives. The latter retreated into vflages, and still fought; but the ooantry and some Paniab troops were egalist them. They were dispersed, killed, and captured in all directions. AU who were captured were executed. A few seem to have esoaped to SeaLkote. There, withont any warning, the faithful 46th, with the Cavalry, rose, kIUled the Brigadier who bad so confided in them, with many ether officers (the remainder took refuge in a folc), plundered and barnt the station, and went off. But the rivers were now full, the ferries guarded, the boats secured, an4 sympathizers scarce, so their chances seemed bad. Yet they were joined by the Bindostanee eployegs of the civil establishment, and the signal gnn which they carried off was served by the poor Brigadier's own heed servant. " The Europeans and Sikhs of the movable column were seen watching them on the other side the Ravee; they attempted to cross, and were driven back with grea' loss. They took refuge in an island; they were driven thence v.th still greater loss, and finally broken. A regular Sepoy hunt ensued. Most of the survivors weze brought in for tbe reward and executed. There remained in the Punjab only tbree or four line regiments with arms in their hands, and they all surrendered them without resistance. An Irregularjcavalry regiment at Peshawur was also disarmed, and so ended the Punjab part of the Sepoy mutiny. I believe that no soldier of the regular native army now bears arms in the Punjab. Some have gone to Delhi-some have been killed, executed, and lost. A large number remain very striotly and literally disarmed. There are still armed only two or three Hindostanee regi. ments of Istegular cavalry. "i Thus, then, we have seen the mutiny or disarmment of the whole Bengal army with the exception of a very few regiments in Bengal proper and tho Saugor territory regarding which we up here havo no recent intelligence. In almost all cases the regiments went over bodily an4 In a mass. In the few instances where a small numbe^ remained the number was very small. The old officers and others whose all was involved in the Company's service went with the rest, but where a fraction remained the e was of course a 'larger proportion of such men. In some regiments the Sikhs and Punjabees remained; but in most instances, where far from our forces they had little opportunity, they were carried away with the others Having gone so far, we may look back for a moment to the question. Was this universal mutiny inevitable, or -was it in any instance in any degree precipitated? Whatever conspiracy there may have been among particular incendiaries I know not ; that there was a definite soheme of revolution and massacre known to the mass of the soldier i I do not believe. Whether the infatuation that had taken possession of the Hindostanee mind was so great, and the spirit of brotherhood-the disposition to follow suit-was so strong, that after the events at Delhi nothing could save any portion of the army, is a moral question which I will not venture to answer; but this I am inclined to think, that in many, or most regiments, if it could have been put to a fair vote, 'Will you mutiny, murder your officers, and revolt from the Company, or not 2' the Noes would have had It; and I am sure that in all regiments very many who never desired or expected any such result were carried away by the course of events. In many regiments there were bad men and good, but the bad were active and daring, the good passive and frightened. In each regiment the men followed one another like sheep; aud, finally, one regiment followel another equally like sheep. But of this I feel convinced, that, whatever eventual result may have been inevitable, the European panic and distrust caused by the massacres in some instances precipitated a mutinous result. The bad men took upon themselves to represent the whole, and it was in the power of any such man to commit the whole regiment by firing at an officer, r even telling their officers ' Begone, we have mutinled.' The cry followed, 'They are firing at their officers ; they have kicked out their officers; bring the artillery to bear on them.' In some instances, probably, regiments have mutinied when called on to give up their arms, or who had reason to expect that it would soon be so, who otherwise might not have broken out at that time. It seems certain that in very many, if not in the majocity of instances, the cry that the Europeans were attacking or about to attack them was used by the ring leaders to fhighten the mass into mutiny. "The first mutinies occurred in the presence of the strongest European forces, while the Isolated stations held by native troops only were not infected till much later. Had it been otherwise the European population would have suffered much more severely. " I quite think that in most or many instances the mass of Sepoys, the day before they mutinied, knew as little as we did that on that day they would mutiny. They had undergone a transformation, such as does simple cotton when it becomes gun-cotton, but ignition was not spontaneous, it generally resulted from some spark or accident. " The Sappers and Miners were believed to be quite faithful, and marched into Meerut. There one man shob the commanding officer, and the whole regiment was lost. Who shall say that the mutimy (if mutiny it was) was not the act of that one man? While at Allahabad a Sikh regiment remained faithful and did great execution, and of another at Benares ;the guards on the treasury and town stood stanch. The mass of the latter regiment are said to hive mutinied on parade. A Punjabee Sepoy of anotber regiment tells me thia story, which I confees I am rather inclined to believe. At the order the men loaded, and were ready to fire on the recusaut 37th Native Infantry. But just then one Hindostanee, who had been made a auative officer in the Grenadier Company, fired at an officer who was passing. The cry was raised, 'They, too, bav3 mutinied.' The artillery was fired into them, and they fled, " Before returning to the force at Delhi I should notice the great assistance received from the Sikh chiefs in the rear, and allude to the general fact that througheut the crisis the native States and chiefs, great and small, seem to have not only generally, but universally, stood our friends. None have taken part against us unless the Nawab of Jhugger be considered an exception, and close to Delhi he was in a veiy difficult position, and seems ratber to have passively rendered some homage to the King than fully espoused the cause. I believe that aU the contingento of native States who have gone over are our own men, raised by ourselves and officered by our officers. So far as we know the Rajabs of Gwalior, Rajpootana, Bhurtpore, Ulwar, &c,, the Nawabsof Rampore and Nageebabad, the hill chiefs, and others have all come forward to render more or less what aid they could. But it is the Cis-Sutlej Sikh ohiefs who have occupied the most critical position, who have rendered the most active aid, and who, indeed, may be said to have saved the empir3 -if saved it be. Of the country between the Jumna and Sutlej-the basis of the operations of our little army against Delhi, almost half is still held by the protected chiets, and I think I may say that from the nature of their system they have a more complete command over their resources, their cairiage, and supplies, than we have. Hence, for these most material aids we have relied very much on them, and well have they rendered them, but still more when the war (I must now call it so) broke out. The Puujab forces were almost all far away on the frontier. On this side the Sutlej there were hardly any. The small UEropean force could not supply detached posts, escorts, parties to keep open communications and put down refractory villages, light horse, &c. In all these duties we have called for the active services of the Sikh chiefs, their troops, and fol. lowers, and most heartiy we have had it, They hava thrown themselves wholly and without reserve into our cause. The Rajahs of Putteeallah and Jheend have in person taken a part, without which our army could probably neither have moved to nor held our position before Delhi in the way we have done. The Rajah of Jheend, in fact, himself, with his petty force, led the van of the army, and now covers its rear. The lajah of Putteeallah has territory and great resources, and though his troops are not very efficient for actual fighting, for all kinds of miscellaueous but indispensable duties they have been invaluable. In fact. whatever we have not got, or don't know how to get, wa ask him for, and he must somehow or other supply the de ficiency. ",Of these things the most needful is money. Our treasuries were plundered or exhausted. The chiefs .aave slt accumulated treasure. We borrowed from them in the Sikh war, and never repaid them as we had promised; but, on the contrary, indulged in some very sharp practice touching a reduction to 4 per cent. interest. Now, again. we have asked them for money, and money we, have got largely. " Though I have been, and perhaps *ill be, an annexationist, I am free to confess that In this very peculiar crisis I could well have vwlshed that a larger proportion of Eindostan were held by native chiefs-by men who have something to lose-and that those who exist had not been bur. dened with our Hindostanee contingents; that Oade had been native and Gwalior more free. But, on the otherhand, if the Punjab had not beem conquered we could not so long have held our own at Delhi; we mutt probably have suecumbed in Ml this part of the comitiry; the Brih po,rS would have been Swept from U3pper nudia, and the British population have ceased to live. It may prove that theBritish1 Pnnjab has s3ved India. But to understand this we nnt1 retarrn to the b;story of the war. " We left our little army arrived before Delbl, the first arrangement for an immediate attack gone off, reinforeements urgently called for. From that time to this there has been but one unvarying story-no attacks on the town by us, but continnal attaoks on us by the enemy sallying from the town, with the same invariable result-defeat ot the enemy, with considerable expenditure of our men, and a loss to them, said by us to exceed ours out of all propor- I tion. These fights have come off oa an average about oneo every two days, and I wiU not attempt to detail them. " Our original force was, as nearly as I can make out, about as follows :-1,800 European Infantry, 630 European Cavalry, a Goorkha Regiment, about four troops and batteries of Horse Artillery (not complete) and a light siegetrain without gunners, Sikh allies, useful in the rear, but not taling part in the actual 6ght before Delhi. " About the middle of June, it being understood that Delhi was not to be taken by a courp de main, and tho Punjab being considerably relieved by the eruption, desertion, and disarmament of the greater part of the Sepoy regiments, reinforcements were being pushed down. All the reserves and companies left behind, the regiments at Delhi were sent down from the hills and LTmballa, and considerably iunreased their strength. A wing of Her Majesty's 61st, from Ferozepore, and the head-quarters of the 8th, from JuUundur, were despatched, but of the latter regiment, parties being left at Jullundru, Philoor, and Umballa, soarcely a w5ag reached Delhi. Add a troop of artiUery from Jullundur, some reserve artillerymen from Lahore, and, perhaps, some from Meerut. Say, altogether, something like 1,500 Europeanswere added to the force. The whole European force before Delhi has never exceeded, I fancy it has not quite come up to, 4,SO0 men. Then the famous Punjab Regiment of Guides) was pushed down in an incredibly short time from the frontier to Delhi and both they and the Goorkhas have throughout done wonderful service; in fact, done just as well as Europeans. A Sikh Regiment followed. Auother Punjab Rifle Regiment has since gone down, also a number of Punjab Light Horse, two regimsents of HindostanaIrregularCavalry, which their officers vouched for as faithful, and a native t-oop of Horse Artillery, which had behaved well at JulUundur. Before all these arrived our original force had been weakened by lossew, and I doubt If our force has ever exceeded 8,000 effective men of all arms. " Meantime rearuiting has been actively carried on in the Punhab. Orders have been issued to add four companies to each Punjab regiment, and several irregulAr levies havo been raised, one of which, in conjunction with the Biltanur force, has regained possession of Sirsa and Hissar. While we arm so many in our service, the disarmament of the original population has been carried out maore strictly than ever. Old Sikh artiUerymen have been got together from their villages and hurried down to Delbi, and bodies of Sikh navvies have been sent to do duty as sappers, In fact, we look on the Punjab as our own for the reconquest of Hindostat. " Throughout the remainder of June General Reed commanded the army, and was himself at Delhi. General Barnard commanded the Delhi forces. It was continually said we were to attack Delhi, but continually we did not Finally it was understood that we were to await the srrival of all the reinforcements. " The rains were long delayed, and despite an unusually favourable season the heat was intense, but the health of the troops continued to be wonderful, and their spirits were at boiling point. When all India was depressed the Europeans before Delhi alone appeared to be in the mosexuberant spirits. Supplies were abundant; carriage did not faUl; the greater part of the road from UImballa was good. European supplies came thence in abundance, and the country about Delhi fornished plenty of flour. grain, and native supplies. Tents were scanty but sufficient, and altogether thiugs were as comfortable as could bo expected under such heat. But complaints became loud of the irresolution, liudecision, and mismanagement of the commanders. Tho staff was understood to be very little efficient. But Brigadier Chamberlain, a young man, a firstrate 8abreur and leader of irregulars, commander of the Punjab troops, was appointed Adjutant-General of the army. He proceeded to join, and much was expected of him. "At the commencement of July the reinforcements had all arrived, and au attack was believed to be arranged for the 3d. But just at that time General Barnard died, and the strong matineer brigade from Bohilcund at last marched Into Delhi, with much parade, to the great joy of the mutineer camp. The attack was postponed, and though there were for some time manyreports and much confidence it does not seem that the thing has again been immediately contemplated. The rains had now set in, but have been comparatively light. The communications in rear have no; been seriously interrupted, andthings have gone on much the same as before. The enemy have succeeded in intorruptin, the cross communication between the camp and Meerut where upwards of 1,000 European soldiers, includinrecruits, &c., hold garrison, with many women and children and miscellaneous inhabitants, among mud fortifications,ani reports, and canards of all kinds innumerable. It is saii that many of the Carabineers caunot ride, end that most of the strong Artillery force are raw and useless recruits. While a young man became Adjutant-General, seniority was also in other respects put adde. GeneralReed, invalid as he was, took the immediate command of the force; but it was understood that the active direction would be left to Chamberlain, who, if not the man of office for an AdjutantGeneral of ordinary times, had in him the dssh supposed to be required. One brigadier who had failed was sent out of canmp, another, holding the senior rank after the General. was put in honourable retreat with the IJmballa command; the chief engineer was sent I to Lahore on important busi ness,' and a lieutenant commanded that department till the arrivalof BairdSmith,of canalfame. Chamberlainkeptevery. thing on the alert, but there seems reason to doubt whether his tacties improved matters. It is certain that In two or three actions after his arrival we lost by pushing too far more men than formerly, and many more than we could spare, and leaiing an advar,-e party under the walls of Delhi, where they were mowed down by the enemy's grape. Chamberlain was himself severely wounded, aud laid up unfit for duty. It will be asked, where was the rrtillery all this time ? It rnust be simply told that, in spite of all reinforcements, it proved altogether unequal to cope with that of the enemy. The mutineers had origiually few artillerymen, and it was supposed they would be weak in that arm; but, on the contrary their practice has been first-rate-many say better than ours -they have infinitely heamler metal, and; in brief, we have not been able to plant our batteries naorer the walls than from 1,505 to 1,800 yards. It need not be said that breaching with a few 18-pounders at this distauce is quite out or the question; so there the wall of Delhi stands as firm as ever, and any little accidental' dsmage is at once repairei during the night. Our field artillezy is strong, 26 guns, I believe, but what use against fortIfications? The camp likel every other place, has been kept alive with canard>i -the enemy were said to be dispirited, starving, diseased, divided, and, above all, rusing out of ammunition * but somehow or other there they are just the same, getting con stant reinforcements, and I dare say pretty comfortable. A, I have before said, the wonderful abstinence from those disorders and quarrels which might reasonably have been expected from excited mutineers of two viedely different religions is a cruel disappointment to us. They come ouin regiments, but do not fight with much order, or, indeed with much individual obstinacy-still they come fresh and fresh, and give us a hard time of it. Baktawar Xhau, the Bareilly general, has been elected Commander-in-Chief o the whole army. The King of Delhi seems to be treated as nominal King, but I fancy exercises little power. "M Many Punjabees of the mutinous regiments are under. tood to be in Delhi, but not one has beaen found among the slain. It is clear that they do not fight, and believed that they are closely watehed and anxious to get away. " We put to death all the prisoners and wounded moea whom we take, and all suspicious persons found in the camp have a summary trial and a short shrift. The European mind has been greatly excited against the natives, and we exercise severity, justifiable against mutineers, spies, and treacherous subjects, but which undoubtedly gives the war a patnfally internecine character. Desertions from the enemy to us have been few. What numbers may leave and fly to their homes we do not know, but it may be doubted if slngle men or small parties laden with plunder have much chance of getting home; they would probably be killed on the way by villagers for the sake of their skins. I Gradually the trath has been breaking on us that with the fortifications of Delhi intaot, the enemy numerous, increasing, and well supplied,and our force diminishing,we cannot hope to take Delhi except by time, patience, and very large reinforcements, barring, of course, any fortunate and unexpected turn of the wheel. " On General Chamberlain being laid up wounded General Reed gave up the command and left the camp. The next senior officer, a colonel on the Staff, also retired one or two others were somehow superseded, and the command wag assumed by Brigadier A. Wilson, of the Artillery. He is believed to be a good man, a long-headed, cautious Scotehman, and probably the best selection that could have been made, Sinoe he took the command we seem to have repulsed the enemy's attacks as weU as before, with less loss to ourselves. The Eindostanee Irregular Cavalry have been grievously distrusted. Some have deserted, and the rest have been sent away. Even of t1he Panjab Cavalry som' Hindoeranees have been hanged for tampering with the others, and the Ressalah meost tinted wt h HindostanisrR have been sent away. Th Eli artillerymen in oCnp hayo )een disarmedjl
THE CORN TRADE. LIVRPOL Our. 24. To-day the dispwition towards a rise In wheat has been checked by the likelihood of the French Govarnmentwirthdrawing the pohibltj,n to the exportation of gain and flour, in which case we m3 ex? liberal sfupplies from that portion of the continen. Indeed ah,esdy low prioes are beino rasde herm by offers of F,enoh fiGur delverable In three weeks -5iatnely, at 45a. per 280;b. The larmere must also expect to bei strongly opiposed by oompulsozy experts of bm. stufs from the United States of Amierica NOTTINGHAM, Ocr. 24. The weather baa bren broken this week. and, as respects the temperature, is much mote seasonable. The cattle trade continues; tolerably active. At Nfotlaghan fat s'cck: market on Wedneds,ay there wa. a large Snpply of beasts 'which realized a fair demand, the tinset qualities of beef makin i C. 3d. pee atone; a clearance, however, was not effected. Sheep wer, alto plieutiful. The prices were the same as lact 'tek, mutton of the best description rea'izlcg Sri1. per lb. Prloes:-lleef, is gd, to 8s. 3d per stone. muttoa, 7d. to Sd. per lb. At Illyth fair the show of heat was emrail, and prices were 13e. to Itt. per head cheaper than at Betford fair. T-he best store beast, averaged £12 to £-16 a-head:, younger stock obtained £8 to £10 cere. Fat beastsewere in good supply at 7a. 6d. to S3. Per Atone. The sheep tmade ruled dull. The beet store ewes made 4Ie. to 52a. each, and lambs 2es, to 24s. At this corn-exchatnge there was a.numerous attendance of farmer, end factorsa, and aL fair show of wheat, which sold at a declinle of le. to 2s. on the currencies of last week, the finest white samoples of old whe,t making ts, and red BIg, per 36 stope, Bar e, of good qu%lity as dear as leaLtt week. fieest mnalting samples realizing Sow.. wbtle grinding of good quality made 325. per 30 soWne. In o.cta ro alteration. Beanis maintained last week's prices. Prices.- Old white wheat A0s. to s70L new ditto, 6st. to 68L ; Old red, 51e, tO64B5. new, ditto 44,. to Ohs., per 34 stonie; hiailing barlety, Me to Ste. per onarter ; grinding barley, 125 to BSL. per 30 clone. oata. old 31s. to IRs.; new, 27L. to 325.; forelign, ditto, 30e. to 34e. per 24 stone; hbese, old. 5tOe to tIL,; new, 441, to c7a. per IS &tone. Bopor dm0e f1our, 44a. to Ss.: t ine, 38e to 41a. per 20 sftcore At Workeop, wheat sold at a reducrtion of 6d. Der load. In barley there was a decline ot ls. to 2s. Per quarter. LETOESTR'R, Ocr. 24. The weather remains unsettled. The~se invery little alteration inthe price of fat etoek this week. At Lelcecier market thereweea god chow of beasts, and prices were rather less than last week, tte primest qualities of beef making 7ld. per lb. Sheep were h-ardly aI 5lverage show, the bef4tdeaeriDtlos of muttourealizi.n ijd. perlk. At Miarket Hacborough fair there 'was a larize supply of store beass the trade in which ruled brisk. Fat betaci were lees Plentiful, and made 7d. per lb. T'here wras an average showr of shLeep, for which tolerable price. were z-ealized. At this con-market to-day the mapply Of wheat was good, and prices were Is. lower thant last week, finest samples of white whes making Gle.. and red 59s. per quarter; barley Is. lower than last week: oarswithout altratlun; beansmaintained late prices Quotations: White wheat, foi Ws. t l5; red, 25. to 60g. ; bearly, lOs to 47L, Oats. 33s. to Ifs; beans. tIe?. to 645 VWr Quarter. Flour, 44s.; aecood,CL e.; thirds. 40a. per 20 stone. At Mdelton Mowbray there was a good supply of wheat, Which sod at a reduiction of 2s, per Quarter on the currecies of last week, the finsat quslitles rnaizing ISa. per quarter. Malting bariey of good quality usedo 46s. In other grain no change. Oldrrieeat, tOs. to Se.; new, 5SI. to &s. barley, old, 40L to eL; new, 42L to 5s-.: ,old, 34s. to Me ; new' Its. to lIe.; beans, old, 5Os. to tIe.; new, 42s.- to 48s. per quarter. At Market Macborough there Wus a small show of whe%t, and ihe trade ruled dull atdecdlningprices. Inbaileyand othergpain there wasver little doing. At Luiserworthi, with a fair supplr, fine white wheat sold at tOe., and red, t2sa. per quarter; barley, 40s, to 41s.; oats, &Ie, to 375. ; beans, 4-45 to 47s. per quarter. At Atherstone wheat was In tolerable sfuPPly, and old samlple. masde 2fs. 6d. per bag of these bushels ; bakrley, 39L. to 43s. Per quarter ; oats. 58s. to 36,. At Loughborough wheat was Is. lower; inferior barley we' also la. cheaper. Jim other grain no change. DERBYt, Ocr. 24. This week the weather has been colder. Fat stock still continues at high Prices. At Derby, on Tuesday, there was a good chow of beasts,. the demand for whicha was rather heary, finest qualities makling 7d.per lb. Sheep were plentiful,and latersate, maintained, the iprimest mnutton selling at 7jd, per lb. Prizes :-lef 6d. to 3d. ; mutton, 7d. to 7jd. per lb. At this comn*market yestrday lwbeat was in tolerable supply, and in the beat qualities there was a reduction of le. per 38 stone, fin' samples of wheat being quoted at 67e., and red at 62,. : inferior socks awe Is. to 3s. lower. Barley Was dull of sae at adeclin.of is, per quarter, fine msltitL samples makng 42a. per quarter. Good qUalities of eats raide lwas week's rates; secondary worts le. lower. Old beans were fully s dearas lastweek. New damp samples2Is.cheaper. Dy eamples of new maintained recent sates. Prices -White wheat, 65s, to 68s. ; red, 5Os. to 62*, per It stone;: mailing bairley 441. to 49. per Qiuarter ; grinding ditto, 3S9. Per 30 stone ; old Oats. 33L. to 355.;- new ditto, 2SOs to 325, per 24 stone; beats. 525,. to t3s. Per 31 ctone. N~ORTHAMP'TON, Oar. 24, The weather is more seasonable, 6And a good deal of rain has fallen a-, the letter part of the, week. gmcere Is this week no materia alteration In Prices Of Stock. At Peter. borough, the supply of betast was tolerably good, but hardly an acer, go quality. The trade ruled dull, beef seUllng at from 7s. 6d. to Sc. per stone. Sheep were in fair supply, sad mutton made from 7d. to 7id. per lb. At this corn-market wltset waa In tolerable supply, the beet quaultes, o' white making 58. per quarter. Not ranch change in ba~rley, good maltino samples realizing 46a. In other grain very little alteration. Price,r: Old wheat, Mde, to 65%.;1 new, 48s. to 5e. ; barley, 40s. to dts. ; old oats; 3Sa. t~3 6. ; now, I8e tolls. ; old bas, 4s. tobos. ; new, 4Iot,Dlo1 peas, O0e, to 44s. ; malt, 7ds. to 785. per quarter. At DaTentry, with a tolerble supply, white wheat realized 57s., and red Ode, per quarter. Fine barley made 44&,; Oats, 2LOs to 31s. ; besan, 425.t t5e.;peasa, 44.to 42s.At Welilogborough thebest quslitees.nf wheat (old) realized 5ie., and new 563.; malting barley made 455.; oats, 29s. to We. ;.beans, 4Osto tOk; pea-, ds. to 47. At Meteo in: white wheat realized 690s.. and red tUs. No material change In berhy good malting saples making 44a. ; beans, 48a. to SOs.; pea%, 4is. to 425. At Rugby, witht a fair supply, white wheat made 21s.. and toeI Its, pe bag; barley, 4s. to 425.; eats, 28a. to 3ts. per Quartor. At Banbury old wheat madoCa. 4d. totGe,9d, and new,6L to C&81- ror bushel; barley. 6LOs to 425.; otat, 214,. to 34a. per quart-er; barns. 5', ti 45., and pieas,s. 5 to Us. per bushel. At Leighton Buzzard wheat w-s 1nx tolerable supply ; fine white samples made 3i8, and red 35e per load; bailr, 8a. to d6s.; oats, 28s. to 360e,per quarter; beant, 27s31t 31s.; peas, 30s. to3SLs per load. PREREBOROUG11, Ocr. 24. At this corn-exchanoge to-day there was a fair supplyof wheat, and a large attentdAnce of farmiers. Alldescrptiong of wheat met a sdo Wae. flue qualities declining I.e., and inferior sorts 2s., under the rater of last week. There was a tolerable supply of mealting barley, whiss2 made last week's currencies, the finest sorts realizing 47s. per quarter Oats were in email supply, and maintained late Prices. There was a good inquiry for peas. Beans were In short supply, and realize I last week's sales. Prices :-Wheat, toe, to 6SU. : fine ditto, Its to tIe, per 18 stone ; mating barley, Ole. to 4ie, per quarter; new beam,,dte. toeC6e. per38 stone ;oats, 20s. to Se,per 24stone ; bluseaad maple peas, dde. to dIs,. per as stone. STANIFORD, Oar. 24. At this corna-market yestrday the show of wheat from the farmers was tolerably goo, and Prices were Is. Iee thanxlast week-, flue qualltIes making Its, per 386stone. Barley a fair shwco, and una tered in Pri,e good malking samples Making 48a. per quarter. No m aterial saltertion In the prices of oats and beans. Qsiolatlone :-Red wheaf, Ols. to a. ; fine. SOs. per 36 dtone;matlUng barley.42& to 43s. per anter ; oats. 20. to ISa. per 24 stone; old beans, 47e. to 150.; new dItto, dde. to 4ie, pe 8 stone; Peass, 441, to 47a. per 36 stone. GRANITHMA,, Oar. 24. At this orn-exchange there was a tolerable show of wheat, and1 good white samples realized 625, and red tts, per 31 scone. GooI quatltes of melting barley made 47s. Per quarter, while grindirng realized 39s, per 30 stone. There was not muchl change in the pricer o! other desceptions of gria.in,rices :-Old white wheat, 6Ie, to 6254: new white, tOt, to 8OL; old red, 859. r 6so.tienew Of's to 5tL Per 16 stone : melting barley, 43s. to 4ie. Per qiuarter ; grinding barley, SLOs.to l9s. per 30stone : ear% wD, to &s. Per lsetone :old oats, 325" bO s.;' new, 255.O 32L Decr24 stones; pass, d2e, to 41s.per l sdone, LINOOLI, Oar,.24, The weather bar been showery during the week, and the pasture. are looking exceedingly fresh. Stock is rthter declinin in price this week. At Sleaford fair th-r supply of be-astswas large, and late rate. were maintaIned; stores wer, XI per head cheaper ; cheep were scarce, and Ss. per head chleaper. A'Bt lost there Was a fair supply ot fat sheep, which were rather Oaslerto purcabse. At Newarktihere was agood supply ofbeef, Which, was dUliof sale and made 7g. 6dLtoOa. &. per at;ne; iuttn m Plentiful show, and sold at Old, to 7id. per lb. At this corn-tmarket, Yesterday, there was a lIberlalbSow of wheat and afair attendanceof farmters. Wbeas sold at areduction ofIs.on the prices of last week,! finest white making 8Ca. and red Its. per quarter, Barley Bold at last week's rates, superior melting samples reatlizing042. Per quarter. Oats the same as last week. In beatas very IlittleChange. Prices :-White wheat, ti7L to SOs.; extra, 625,; red, lIs. to St5L; grindlrg barley, lIe.; miniing ditto, 46a. to 49e,pe quarter. At Sleaford with a smnall sunPPly of whest, Prices were Is. lower than last week. In othner grain not much Alteration. At Market Risen the wheat trade ruleod dull, good 'white qUaLlitiesMakidng MLO and red tO per Quarter; barley. 335, to 42s.; oats, lie, to 125,. per quarter. At Louth there wAs a good supply of wheat, whlich declised 2s. to Is. per quarter on the currencies of lpAt week. In barley there was a reduction of Js. to Is. Oats were Is. cheapier. White wheat. 56a1.to &Os.; rod 49s. to 52s. : harley, l9e, to 435.;: oats, 23s, to 24 ; beans 45s. to 43' per quarter. At L(ynn fine qualities of wheat were le.. and secondar, sorts Is., per quarter cheaper than last week. Fins mealting barley manintained last week's price.;: infester sores were Is. cheaper. In oats and beans no alteratoion Wheat, 625. t tOe.6&; inferior, 42a. to 50c. ; barley, d4e. to d8s,; oats, 26s. to 30L : small beans, 4&6s.todSa. : lare, 43a. to 45s. At UPDitogham, With e. lar supply, white whe it made 56s. and red 54a. ; barley, 43e.- to'ls ;8 oat., 27s..to 32s. ; beans 441. to 245,Per quarter. At Gainaborough wheat was 25. cheaper thaa last week. Other eortsof gralinwere alsoe ser to buy. At Spalding. wvna a snan esuDply, wbeat was Is. oheaper thau last week. In other descriptions of grain no materiLal change. At Oakham fine whit3 wheat made 58t., and red 5tO.; harley, 43a. to 46ds; oats, 28s to 36S. ; beans, 45a. to 53te per quarter. Dl0OCASTFR, Oar. 24. The weather has again been remarkably fine during tho grater pari of the week. All the earlier crope of wheat have been sown Il a highly satiefactory mauner, and the farmers on the light lands are making active progrets with seeditg operations, The trade In wheat has again ruled dnU throughout the week, ant ploeeahavefurtberrecewod Is.too p.er quatter on al but thebest samples, the bolders of which refuse to t,ke any further Abatement, except where sales are forced. Good maltiug barley Is in request, but the bulk of thesaneples hitherto brought forward are of euch lndlilereut quality that the general quotations are reduced le, to 2a. per quarter. Oats, boa, and peas hare hada lower tendency. At to-dafs market tbere was superabundant show of wheat, Is eluding only a sprinkling of flue samplPs, for wbIh last week's rats; were demanded, but hardly In any Instsuoe oonce4ed, and the trade wa almost noninal. secondarr and infertior descriptions being neglxlted, altbough a reduction of Is. to 2s. per quarter would have baon taken. A fuU market of barley, but only a few picked samples were disPoed of at a decline of Is. per quarter on last week's rates. Oat3 and beans extremely heavy and rather lower. The foUlowing are the current quotaton:-New whbeat, 14s. to 2ls. per load of three IUL peoral bushela; fine, 22e. to 24e. 6d.; old wheat, 21i.to 3g. finse 241. to 25e.; blend-corn. I4e to 19ls.; rye, lL to Its.; beans, lZs. to l0&; peae,lh 1to les; new odts, 24s. to 2s. pecqQarter; fine, 3tL to 32X; old oats, 28L to 31s.; fine, 32s. to Ms. - grinding barlee, 34. to 40s.; malting barley, 41 to Ss ; iDne, 4fs toD S6. The eattlo trade has been sluggih througbout the week, and prices have in somae instances receded. Hera, to-day, there was a gool thowotleaustoek. but thetrade was dull. Drapes, £10 to £12 per boad; helfers, £e2to£15;mUk o,£l7 to£22;grazingbot k£,6toe. A smallshowofsheepandalimiteddenuad,zuse but igabest imats being asieable. PAeie: -41r. i's 52g. perhe&Ad. ke show ofpV~s, for whichx lower rates were tiaken and many remnained unwld. At Blyth fair there was a thin show of leau atock. BeLat, deelloe from its, to 15s. per head: the 1:23 sto,emade £11 ti £16each- younger stock, Lito £10. Afairabowof tbmst which met areadly sate at 7,. St. to 8s per toWne. Plety ofsabeep onraWe, butonly few dispoed of ; prles ranging from 28 L to 34r. each. tI,OOMFTER,Oar. 24. Tbe mna,ket to-dr y was rather In a declnin state, sud to effect Balee holders of hbeat hAd to submit to a reduction Of IL. per quawter in prioe; the &verg,e waa i66L per quarter. Otber grain little altered in Value. At Cheltenham. on Thursday, there was a r,natl market, and prices L~ad a downward tendency. AtIOirentester. O Mon ~day, there was no, iottueable variation in prices though, if anything, the turn was ic favour of the truYer. At Gbrester monthly cheese-market, on Monday. nearly 140 tong~ GE chceee were ,'ltehtd. m.d the trade was good fOr beet double, hut eild. ditng and thin were Obtainable on easIer terms, Beet double, Q&e to 70O ;eingles. 68ito 60s. ; aec ds, 42a,tos2s.; ansd skim, lBs. to 37. per cwr. Hereford grat annual fair wits heid on Tuesday, The show us Hereford cattle wee large, and nearly all w,.re hold, except cow beef. which war worth 7,1., and sheep, 7ld. per lh. WOBOEBTEE OcT. 24, A good attendancei of farmers at market to-day, and millors re. quhring prortases on easier terms a reduction of ls. per quarter ou wheat was generally submitted to. Eniglish white wheat, It. 2d, to7s. ltd., and fed Ge_ 61. to is, 2d per busbel ; Inilting b.Aey, Se. Sri, to Cr., asud dlstdiing,is. to 5s. 2d. new beans, Ss 6.&,and old, 6s.to Gs. Gd, per bushel ; old EnglIsah ostai, 4a, 6i. to 4B. Ba, and rew, 3a. to. to 4s. per i91b. ; Itishb, 3s. Sd. to 4s,; winter vetalehe. Ge to &o. and peA, Es. to G3. 61. per bushel. Last Worcester averages:_7b.t~,k 2if7s. .3d. ; barley, £20O..a c; rye, Z2 55. ;and oaa f imperi&l quarrer. At Kldderrninv.er, on Thursday, the attenrdance war small, and prices the same as last week. At Bromegrove the '-glue osf wheat declined 2d. ts 3'. per hushel ; mnating barley, 5e. 6d. Ic bushel: oate, 14s. to 16s. per Swsore ; old beans, He. 6a. to 20g.- anLd new, 17~ toi per 10 800170. OXFORD, Ocr.24, A large quantity of wheat again offeriug at thecorn.exchacge to.daq, but, in OWnseqoenc Of an naWllingnews on the Part of holdems to avoeph the reduced term, Off: redhbyrnmtera aLnd dreaeres- ir., from Is& to 2s. pr, qnArter,trade ruled exceedingly dull: Inferior deocrlptioas haeeUrifasok,x at. Samoples of barley, representing large bulks, were very numerous. distiWlioand moalting descriptionsf met with a ready s&le, at prictr vary. Ing fromn CB0 to 45g. per quarter; Inferior sort& quite a drug. O -a a dul : trade, at from 231. to I0e. Per quarter. Prime old beans w,,re worth Eo,D per quarter: new ruled as low as 429e.; bunsues transactions on a, eite.i seats, with a ehort supPly. Peast, Dot anuy thowing, and veey titlie in requeat, The flour trade has declined Is. per sack the,pi for secnds beirng 40g. Per sack, Prime hay, £4 per tons ; inferior mutit tower. Good household breed 51d., best bread 6d, the CUb. loa.f Beefmutton, aLnd pork from 7d. to 8jd. pe lb. At BSoeetr market yesterday Banbury oni Thursday, and Wantageon Wednesday, the supply ef wheat was large, and very little chaned haLnds. The few seale effected were at a decline ef 2,. per quarter, Oho4oo matting haLrley maintained previous quotationsg. READING, OCT. 24. The rain bar fallen heavily the greater part of the week, snd osgt.door farming operations have, as a matter of course, been ertire-Y asu. pxnded, During the ffine weather in the former Part of the monith great progress was made In ploughxing, and a considerable breadth o' laLud was sown with wheat; In sOMe Place the young Plant has mad, its appearance abore grround, and looks rery promising. To-day the stands in our corn-exchange wete extenileel, filed with samples of wheat, bot-h for seed and grindlug. The paroels receniti, thrashed were unmistakeably deteioated in value by the heavty rain of this week, hot still there was a fair quantity of dry conditioned co-n. Although there was a good attendance of mealmen and dealezg, niot only of the naeIghbourhood, hut from distant parts, the trale wall ex. cendTly heavy for a, time, the gret rednction offere miaking boldars unwiling to cell, These waa afterwards shown a dispostiton in buy, and Bales were then made with tolerable readiene at adeline of is, t, 2e. foc the choice qnalities ; the inferior wee more di£4cult to dirpos,3 of, and must be quoted fauly 3g. cheaper, Fiee and selected pig-gels of white wheat realized 4GI; the beat runs of white wheat ranged from 585. to 62g. : secondary, 54g. to Bag.; and inferior, C8s. to 51g. There was not so free a sale In red wheat, the begt sorts of which must he quoted at 5Sg. to 5Sg.; seonmdary, 50s. to it. ; and inferior, 44g. to is.& There w-se a fair show of good nmalting barley; the demand was heavy, and parcelswere taken off slowly at the fuliterms of tact market, Noteilhstandlng west corouter dealers were Inquiring for thyt dailIn1g qualitier, still they would not buy unless at a reduction of Is. to 2a., and the grinding qualities declied quite as mnuch, The price, realized were :-Bar'ey for malting,'44B. to 4s..; a little extremely fins, SOL.; distilling, 385a. to 42s. ; and grinding, 33s. to Me,. Fog- old and cound-conditioned ostIa there was a briek inqu-iry, and previous ra'es werceseailymaintalned. The paroels of new appeared to beof inferior quality, and to effect saes a decline of IL,was obliged to be submttrgil to. Old Poland oats sold at 2U~. to 31ta; new, 26e. to 12e.;old Tartary, i6s. to 2Ss., and new, 2I. to 24a. There were some prime lois of beans on offer, for which ver high figures were demanded. T:e other qualill-s met with a daul sale, still the rates did not alter much,. Old beans fiched from 48s.to 5iLg. and new from42s to 431, Pea,i experienced but Littlo inquiry, and the quotations were 42g. to 4tg. The flour trade has maintainedl previous quletocog.HoUeehOld, are mairked at i6s.,. And escnds at 42., Per rack. A.coontinue I daPreotnioahas been observable at'tbe coTuntry marke3, durlog thLis week. Ont Monday, at Aboiogdon, there was a fair chot' of wheat, trade was heavy, and prices fell 2r. On Tuesday. at Al1ton, buatness in wheat was sluggish, and rate, were not so high 2as las week. On We_d:reday, at Basingetoke, beet qualities of wheat wer in demand at previoas caurncIes, bust lpfetior could only be sold at a dc-line of 21. At Hun&erford, on the same day, these was much laguor In the wheat trade, and rates were from Is. to 2s, tower. At Wantuge alga,on that day,whea%twas 2,.cheaper. On Thurday, a; Newbury, bu.sineas In wheat was very inanimate, and a decline of Iii, to is. took Place. At Henley-on-Thames, on that day. 'wheat wa'i taken off slowly at a reduction of Is. At Wallingtord, on Friday, boi&: wheat and barley receded in value from in. to Is. NORWICHS, Ocr. 24, The rainfall In the week ending last eyesing was 1,06 inces, Ineluding '99 inch on Thursday night, The range ot the thermometerhas been from 43 to ii. The abundance of the supplies brooght forward and the comparative abeonce of speculation have rendered the local markets exceedlinglyp dull, the decline in wheat having been generU alyi. to 2g. per quarter. Barley has also reflected the downward tendency, but the very large, deliveries of the farmers are on the whole, well ab6orbed. At this Exchange to-day the supPly Ot wheat, met a reduction Of lit, to 2g. per quarter on aill deseriptimcs. The best Samples of barley supported form.- quotations,bhut secondary sota were Is, per quarter cheaper. Iu other lcorn the same downward tendency was alo apparent, The bent white wheat (weighing g2Ib, to 641b, Per imperla. b.shel) made 59.i, to 639.; red ditto (weighing 60Tb. to Clb)I. SIr to~ i5a.; damp ditto (weighing 57th. to 5i1bI), 44r. to 4Ug; imafling barley (weighing 52l1b. to 5U1b), 42is to 4Bs; ditto distiling (weighing 51ib. toSil1il, 33s. to 4Oa, per quarter. Flour, i7s, to 384.. Pr Bcak. The late6t average price of wheat Is 54g. 10d. Per quarter. The ca,ttle-market today exhibited an excellent show Of SDtoae shorthorvr, and IrIsh beasts, and many of the lots of all breedswvee, of very sfuperior quality. The attendance of bulyers was t0lerably numerous, and the sales effected were on quite as good. terms, ScotI making 5e, toSsa. V. ; EhrhsrrtbroB, 4LCs. to 5L ; and Irish, 4',. to Cs, 6d - per stone of 141b. (estimated weight when fatl. At thes prices a fair amoungt of busiess wao transacted- AA short supply Of sheeOP wa taken off at late rates. Telegrms re-elved to-day from TowesWto announce the ar-viral 0 the Tonning eteamer with 335 betact and 9291aheep and the City o! Norwich with ITS beasts and 52 sheep for the metropolitan market thiiw day (Monday). CAMBRIDGE, Ocr. 24. in the price of fat stock there is no material aLteration. At Ely there was a good supply Of sheep, and mutton made 4g. Sd. to is, 3dper BIb, Stores were plentififf, but few sales were effeeted. In cow ctock no variation in price. At this corn-ma&rket, writh a fair supply, fine white wheat made 6Si. and red I4s. per ~uarter. Malttig barley realized 4Cis. Ia Other do0ecriptione of grain there was no mnatertel change,Prices :-Whitg wheat, 6Os. to 61s. : red, SIs to MLg.; barley, COL. to 4Sg.; oats, lIe, to 32Is. new b-eA 4,Ci. ;old ditto, CSs At itoyston the wheast trade ruled dull, at A reduction Of I,. to 2s. per quarter, the heat samzple.i making I3a. per toad. Barley sold at a decline of ls., the finest Samples Of malting barley making-1g 4Lper quarter In other gran -ar little change. Wheat, 27g. to 5il. Peglusd. barley, 35., to 495 as ISA, 89, to 32s. per quarter, 'Li St. 'Yes wheat Sold at a reduction of x. per quarter, farmers beingl now.- ling estere at the decline; barley and other sprwing con 03 Ldt la d Therek has been CHELNMSORD, OCr. 23. Thr a enafurther declIne in our market to-day, the milers buying sparinigly, and whests were lower. Is. for the beet deacrirtitoos and2s.for other qualitics. Businees as rveydull attheseereductionsBarley, too, was a slow gal, with a diminution of lg. for all but fine, mailting. In the other markets of thie county prIce, have declined in a-bout the same proportion, yeste,rday, at Blahopsg Btortford, wheat was reducoed Is. and tarails 1s, to s. per quartr ROCHESTEP, OcT. 24. Although a great quantity of rain has fallen dosing the week, the, weter ke ,eps xceedingly mild for the season of the year, and higly avuralefor faming operatloog. In every part of the dis etfied-ok I's progressing meet eatisfautoerly, anrd, on theo'whole, a, bteresnfor ' all kinds of agricultural opertions oulod scarcely be wishsed. Au increased breadth of land h,r be-en got ready for-wheatsw.ing, and agreat degthas been goein in the best Possible ord 'r Pastures are looking very fresh, and all kinds of food for cattle Is plea: tiful, bet dear. At the anneal Pleughing-mateb on Wednes-ay a much larger number of ploughe were entered for coompetition, while the judges pronounced the work to have been done In a mnosttsuperior mnanner. The continilod deprestson in the moneY-mnarket hu had a a '.1ousa. effect on the wbeat trade throughout the locality, and pr-ie, ia-, again erperienoed a downward tendency, with trae exceedingly dunl. At this orn-market there wa an excellent supply of wheUa, bht a great deal wa of inftrior condition. Some of the best sampies Wo freely at a decUne of Is. to Ss., but inferior sorts vere altOgethor neglected. Barley, which was more sought after, was fuUv as de&-. and both grindirg Sad maittng sort sougbt ratber freely at lut week', prioea. Oats were not plentiful, and were fully u dear, but the demand war not active. In other descriptious of gratls there was no alteration. The following are tbe quotations at which businees was done :-New white wheat, 52a to 54s,; extra, W. : new red, 5C, to' 5is.; extra, 54-t iuailiug barley, 40L. to 45s.: grinding ditto. 36, t, 39s,; oate, 23s. to 2s.; old ditto, 32..; beaus, 44g. to 50L; p3aS. COg. to 45e. The country markets have been wel suppUed with all kinds of gain but the trade hss ruled dull, and prices continue to recede. At Xaid: stone, on Thureday, there was an cire demand for good qual3ties some excellent samples being taken up for seed; white wheat sold ora5s. to 60&s and red, 6B. to 55s. At Cauterbur to-day, trade u-wa. dull, and a further decUne of IL had to be oonceded At Croydon t.,e sbow of wbeat w good, but there ws a great deal out of 0ondimorPrince receded 2r. to s. At 3esenoaks there wam a very hmtaed snppty and scarcely any busineve moving. At Dorking white wbeat Wel cboloe sampler of white seling feO £1i per i ad; atd ed, £12. A, Tonbridge there was but a moderase supply, which, however, equaled the demand, and wheat was as to Ss. per quarer lower than at the former m.rket. DUBLIN, OCr. 23. Our market to-day was very moderately iupplied. Wheat mist a. ready sale at ab,ut the currencle of Tueday. Maiing barley filly supported that day's prioes and grinding samples Were 6Cd to Is dearer. Oats of all qualities must be quoted 6d, to I, higher. For Iodanu com an advance or akbeut 6d. ws seald in -sm ,aLn. tions.
2L'OEYEM-M ARKETand CITyINTELLIGEBCE. SatuTday Evening lhe three days' later telegraphic news from New York by the Antelope, to the effect that tiuancial IffZrs were worse, caused the funds to open this n orning at a slight reaction from the firm prices of 3 a5terday, but the market again partially recovered its tone. Consols for money, which closed last eveisning at 88i, were first quoted 886, and the final o erations were at 880 to : for money, and 88~ to ; for the 10th of May. Bank Stock left off at 2907 to 210; Reduced, 87J; New Three per Cents., 88; India Stock, 208 to 211; India Bonds, 35s. to 20B.; and Exchequer-bills, 1is. to 10s. discoumit. The demand for discount at the Bank and elsevwhere was very moderate, but the transactions on a Saturday never furnish any clear indication of the state of the market. The fact that the amount of motes in the hands of the public is comparatively great, while the business of the counltry is everywhere undergoing curtailment, shows that large precautionary supplies must already have been secured by many of our leading firms. The arrival of the American aud Indian mails now due will most likely settle the (luestion as to the prospect of any further immediate movement Iy the Bank. In some quarters, but only among a Emal minority, it is contended that the most expedient course, in case any further restricti .nS should prove necessary, would be to keep the rate at its present point, and to limit the class of biUs to be discounted to a shorter term than 95 days. The exclusion, however, of any description of paper upon which the regular buAiness of the country is more or less based woould be extremely hurtful, and would, in fact, be the only mode by which pressure could be converted into panic. Every house having good bills in its portfolio should be encouraged to feel that it will not under any circumstances be allowed to find its resources suddenly cut off. Under particular conditions there can be no oojection to a higher charge being made for long bills than for short; but it may be questioned even whether those conditions can be considered to exist at the present moment. The short message from New York this morning was relieved by its containing no announcement of any particular catastrophe. The fact, however, that theresourcesof the various houses whichlhad hitherto a' all sacrifices withstood the storm have been subj !cted to three ftrther days of increasing pressure has added to the prevailing anxiety. Those best acquainted with the American temperament have hitherto hoped for a rebound as sudden as the panic; but, although a great change may still at any moment be announced, it is now evident that the disturbance has prevailed too long to pass away without an amount of destruction which only months or yeaTs can remedy. The ultimate results, as far as Ihe losses to be sustained in this country are conctrned, will depend chiefly upon the honour of the mercantile comniunity on that side, since, with an unprecedented grain harvest and a cotton crop that willbringthe largest sum everrealized, it is impossible to doubt their means of extrication and their future opportunities to meet every claim. But meanwhile the extent of default must be enorrnous, and our manufacturers and shippers must be exposed to the Eharpest trial ever experienced. The manner in which it has hitherto been met is a subject of honest congratulation and affords the best promise for the future, but the worst stage of the affair has yet to come with the ceaseless maturing of engagements and the protracted absence of remittances to provide for them. Any firm with fair capital and credit is always prepared to meet a short strain, but few can be expected for weeks and weeks to discharge the cost of wages, raw material, and all the other items in the manufacture of the goods they have shipped when the returns for those goods are stipped by a convulsion so violent and so little to be foreseen that it is likened on the spot to an attack of epilepsy. Ve must be prepared, therefore, tnless the next few arrivals report a decided improvement, to hear of many difficulties among respectable establishments in all parts of the country, but it is to be hoped that in the majority of cases they will be found to admit of relief, and that even where this is not practicable the breakdown will be buttemporary. It will be no disgrace, under the circumstances, for any firm to suspend vho may be able to show that they have conducted their business upon ordinary mercantile principles, and it will be the duty of creditors in every way to exercise forbearance and to facilitate each arraige. ment that may render a continuance of business 1,racticable. Much indeed of the prospects of future recoveries from the United States will depend on -the discretion thus masifested. Aoove all, it is incumbent on every one to remember that on this side there is not the faintest cause for general alarm, much less for panic. Our merchants unconnected with the *United States ale nwerelycalled to meet the inconvenience of a high rate of discount. There is no discredit, and at the fair market rate they can get as much money as they waant. If any house is in a condition to be extinguibhed by a mere increase during a month or two of a few pounds per cent. in the charge for such accommodation as it -may require, the sooner it is extinguished the better. The fall in the produce-markets, although heavy, has neither been so rapid nor so extensive as to justify the apprehension of dilliculty in any quarter where there may not bave been undue speculation. In the principal cases, moreover, it has simply been a reaction from high prices which had previously led to great profits. Of most descriptions of goods, too, the stocks in hand are Emall. With an abundant harvest and the present price of bread any wide-spread distress would be an anomaly. It is a moment to test our courage aud self-pc'-ession, but nothing more. We have obviously no *Tials before us but such as ve should be prepared to meet with cheerfulness. No nation was ever placed in a position such as that which from the Indian Mutiny and the American -crash we now occupy; but these disasters have found us sound icternally, and we can therefore face them with dignity, and by mutual confidence keep them within control. Foreign stocks continue firm and in some cases an advance has taken place. Venezuelan was dealt in at 29, being two per cent. higher than the last transaetion marked on the oflicial list. Russian Five per Cients. were negotiated at 105 ; d:itto, Fourand-a-flalf per Cents., 97; Buenos Ayres, for the account, 81; Guatemala, 53 ; Mexican, for the account, 19 ; Turkish Six per Cents., 88; for the account, 871, 88, and 87k; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 98 ; for the account, 97i ; Venezuelan Four-and-Three-Quarter per Cents., for the ac-count, 29; ditto, Two per Cents. Deferred, 11; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 97i and J. The final quotation of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was (;Gf. 90c., both for money and account, showing a steady market. At Hamburg the pressure for money has again slightly diminished, the rate of discount being 8j per cent. The Bank of Antwerp has raised its rate of discount from 4_ per cent., at which it was fixed on the 14th inst., to 6 per cent. The Cauada has taken out 241,134i. to America, and theTeutonia about 15,0001. to Brazil. The additional policies of insurance opened yester-day for silver to India were to the amount of 250,0001. The India-house have purchased that quantity, to be transumitted by the mail of the 4th, and further sums are to be sent by succeedingmails. The precaution haz been adopted in consequence of the distrust in Covernment securities at Calcutta announcedw by the last advices, but, although it constitutes an addition to the existing causes of disturbance in the London money-market, its effect 'will be lessened in proportion as it may canse the remittances of private establishments to be curtailed. The assignees and official manager in the case of I the Royal British Bank have called a meeting of the shareholders for the 11th of November. Itis stated that the shareholders have hitherto failed to respond in a proper mnanner to the proposal to raise 6s. 6d. in the pound in addition to the assets of the lank, X and that if they hesitate longer to avail themselves of that arrangement conibined measurcs will be put in force which, whether they may be in this country or abroad, will extract from them every farthing of their available means. The following is an abstract of the railway intelligence of the week :-At a meeting of the Buffalo and Lake Huron it was stated that great exertions are being made to open a portion of their line to Goderich on the 1st of January. The receipts of the half-year ending 31st of July amount to $124,552, and tse expenses to $122,1323; the cost of working the additional 45 miles will cause but a small increase in the latter item. By means of a steam ferry across the Niagara communication wil be obtained between Fort Erie, their starting-point, and the railways terminating at Bufltlo. The engines and rolling stock are reported to be in th,rollghly good order. A call of 21. I(Os. will be made in Novemuber. The report of the Peebles line for the half-year ending 31st of Atugust shows an increase on the traffic, principally of goods, of 7591. over the corresponding period of 1856. The expenses are considerably larger, owing to the cost of extensive repairs of engines and engine hire. The balance for dividend is 1,2601., and a distribution is recommended at the rate of 2i per cent. per annum. At a nmeeting of the Grand Trunk of Canada it was determnined to raise 1,600,0001. on 7 per cent. preference bonds. The report is sanguine as to the fatture prosperity of the undertpking. The receipts for the past half-year amount to 289,4691. and the expenditure to 284,6881., both currency. The latter would have been much less but for the large outlay necessitated by extraordinary repairs on the leased lines from Montreal to Portland, and in the renewals of bridges. The system of through-booking for emigrants has been adopted with great success. The works on the Victoria-bridge are proceeding satisfactorily. The anialgpmation with the Grand Trunk Junction Company was approved. The dividend of the St. Andrew's is at the rate of 5 per cent. The Wells and Fakenham wiU shortly be cpened. In an interview between the directors of the Smyrna and Aidin and the Turkish Ambassador, M. Musuras assured the deputation tbey may depend upon a continuance of the friendly aid of tho Turkish Government in an undertaking so beneficial to the Ottoman Empire. The half-yearly report of the Royal Mail Steam Company, issued preparatory to their meeting on Wednesday, showvs an increase of 22,9541. in their total receipts, as compared with the corresponding I period of 1856. ()n the other hand, there has been an additional outlay of 10,5641. for coals. An extension of two years on the comnpany's contract has been granted by the Government in consideration of an acceleration to be effected in the Brazil mails, and certain general improvements in the WA-est India service. The Australiai contract is now being conducted by a joint arrangement between the Royr.l Mail and the European and Australian Companies. A dividend of 21. per share, free of incomeEax, is recommended. A circular lhas been addressed by Lord Clarendon to the British Ministers at maritime Courts, directing them to call the attention of the Governments to which they are accredited to the facilities afforded for merchant sbips of all nations to make known their identity -when meeting British vessels at sea, or passing sion-l stations on the coast of the united kingdom. 'To effect this, application must be made to the Registrar-General of Seamen, who, on receiving particulars of name, tonnage, port of registry, and national flag, and horse-power if a steamer, will appropriate a distinct signal for each vessel, comprising fotur of the flags used in the Commercial Code authorized by the Board of Trade. According to the latest advices from Portugal, the benefits from the employment of sulphur in the treatment of the vine disease have been counteracted by its effect on the flavour of the wine. An experienced Oporto merchant writes as follows:- ** I bave obtained much valuable information from the D)ouro, snd have tasted samples of ' sulphured wines' from different situations. To say that the flavour ' is bad' is not enough; it is abominable. I am certain the evil is universal; it is spokea of by all. The only question now is, will it or will it not go off Those who sulphured freely and constantlyhave aboutone-quartertoone.tb,rdof a crop, -flavour very bad indeed; those who sulphured more sparingly have little wine, so that a favourable result as to quantity has been obtained at the expense of quality. Long ferinentztion appears to have diminished the intensity of the flavour, but the wvnes are very green and very ordinarv. so that they will not bsar much fermentation. I am of opinion that with the utmost skill and attention the sulphured wines will not be fit for use for 12 months, if ever. People say, I We hiave sulphured too much, next year we will sulphur less.' To this day, then, so far as the export trade is concerned, sulphur is a failure. Not so to the owners of vineyards, who are better off with a few pipes of sulphur-ilavouied wines than they would be withont any wine at alL Sulphur, owing to some unexplained cause, has not been at all equal in its effects uuder apparently equal ciroumstanceb. SODei havo 30 per cent., some 25 per cent., some 20 per cent. of a crop, but not many are so fortunate; others have 15 per canit., 'others 10 per cent., others only 5 per cent., or less. The sacebarometer has given, in a fine quinta, only 1,O05; water takeni at 1,000. This indicates a wine of the iimost ordinary description, without aly strength. Same fariers have c-reftlly wasshed their grapes. What sort of wine is to be expected from green grapes well washei 7 I hold, to niy opiniion that the vintage has failed inore completely than last year, setting aside the result of sulphur; and that the sulphured wines will long be of no use I feel firmly convinced. I do not thlnk there are 2,500 to 3,500 pipes of tolerable wine in the Douro." A congress of delegates from a number of the Glerman banks affected by the late restriction of the Prussian Goveinment upon the circulation of their notes in Prussia is now sitting at Frankfort, under the presideivcy of Prince Felix von HoheDlohe. Their present labours are directed to the establishing of a " solid identical priDciple" by which the issue of bank-notes is to he regulated. The Paris bankers have held a conference on the injurious restriction of the legal rate of interest in France to 6 per cent. In times of pressure they cannot lend money except by evading the law and charging a commission. It was resolved to press the matter on the attention of the Governiment. The annexed informnation regarding the mining business of the eek is condensed from the Minitng JoloItal :- The mining market this week has been characterized by increased activity, the principal deriand being for some of the progressive Jnines. At Wheal Jane (Kea) meetiDg the accounts showed a balance in favour of ,siiue of 1,0511. ; a dividend of 7681. (1t. lOs. per share) wax declared, and i3l. carried to next accoimt. AtExmnouth Minint Company nmeeting the accounts showed a balance in Iavour of adventurers of 1,3431.; a dividend of 1,1401. (4s. p,r share) was declared; the balance of 2031. being now added to the reserved fund, it amounted to 2,5771. At Great South Tolgus Mine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of niine of 3,0581.; a dividend of 2,400G. (Ss. per share) was declared, and the balance, 6581., carried to the credit of the mine. At osevwarne United Mines meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 7131. At Fowey Consols Mine meeting the accounts showed a balanoe in hand of G,0941., whichit was resolved to aDply to the carrying out of some importntetew work, with additional zepairs of machinery. AtSouth Wliea.l Seten meeting the accounts showved a balance against adventurers, 1441. ; a caU of 2t. per share was made. At the UTnited Mines meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of l.a.; av ponson ee to mnth' wrki ws 28eti, 1. ,7v;J. j the profit on the two months' wocr_kln'g wa-s 2181 At East Wheal Falmouth meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 5681.; a dividend of 2S61. (2s. 6d. per share) was declared. and 3121. carried to next account. At South Cuddra Mining Company meeting the. accounts showed a balance in favour of the adventurers of 131.. and in the estimated statement of aSsets and liabilities the balance against the mine was 6051. a call of 2Y. 6d. per share was made. At Holmbush Mining Company meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1,1742. At Great Wheal Alfred meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 6591., to meet which a call of 5s. per share was made. At Camborne Vean and Wheal Francis meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 2,2171., which it was agreed to divide pro retd. At Wheal Union meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1,0711.; a cal of lOs. per share was made. At uast Carn Bree meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 5951.; a caU of 5s. per share was made." The James Paton has arrived from China with 425,0001b. of tea. The amount p;aid into the treasury of the East India Company for bills on India from ,the .9th to the 24th inst. is 8,2661.
RAILVAY AND MATING STARES. Saturday Evening. The railway-market has been flat, and a small reduction has taken place in most of the larger descriptions of stocks. Great Northern, however, Midland, and So.ith Western are iirm at former prices. Canadian shares were weaker, and a furiher decline occured in Buffalo and Lake Huron. East Indian again advanced. In foreign railways Dutch Rhenish slightly receded; Paris and Lyoas were also lower after official hours, and an improvemint nook place in Northern of France. The transact:ons in American securities were limited. At the close Illinois Central were quoted at a reduction, wrhile Michigan Southern showed increased firmness. A small amount of business has been done in mines, the only important alteration being a nominal decline ot o51. in Wheal Basset. Joint-atock Banks were inactive, and no variation occurred. In miscellaneous securities Copper Miners Preference left off 11. lower. ORDINAaiY SEARES AND S9TOKr
TRADE REPORT. Saturday Rvening. TALLOW.-Thcr market closes steady, at 56s. 9d. on tho spot, 56s. 3d. for all the year delivery, and 57s. for January to March. Delivery, 2,219 casks arrival, 4, 037 casks. The following is Messrs. Dipnall, Phare, and Co.'s report on the markets for the outgoing mail:- " LxDiao.-Since the close of the indigo sale the market has been very quiet, and even at the lowest rates of the sale it is difcult to induce holders to come forward. On the other hand, some buyers, confident that the present condition of the money-market cannot continue very long, refuse to sell in the present market. " SUGAR-With an adverse money-market and a large stock (say, 112,000 tons in the kingdom) there has been only an unsteady demand, and a consequent fall in prices, which are now 3s. to 4s. below our quotations a fortnight ago. The general currency for colonial is, for low to strong brown, 34s. to 40s. 6d.; low to fine yellow, 40s. 6d. to 4Ss. 6d. per cwt. In Benares the transactions have been insignificant, there being so little here. Native Madras worth from 36s. for brown to 38s. 6d. for good yellow. The only exception has been the purchase of several cargoes of flavanuah for refinmng at the outports. "COFFE-Part of the recent arrivals having been rather summarily disposed of in public sale while the market remained weak, prices have declined 8s. per cwt., good qualities of esteemed marks of Ceylon now being currentl sold at 62s. to 63s. The price of native is not yet lowered In accordance with plantation; the relative value would ba 55s. to 56s. for good ordinary clean. "' SALrPETIR is 10s. per cwt. lower, and the market ve unwettled. Present value of 5 per cent. on the spot, 52s. 6d. A few days past a parcel afloat was sold at 5S3., but there are no longer buyers at this price. "I RML-The demand has fallen off, and prices are 2d. to 3d. ower; Eat India, 2s. 3d.; Lecwards, 2s. 4d. * Dcme rara, 2s. 6d. per proof gallon 'RIcw-The alteration in the money-market has entirely stopped the specUlative demand, and a large quantity baving been forced off on the 15th inst. prices receded nearly Is, 6d. per cwt. Although this was partly recovered, subsequent publc sales have further increased the decline, which now ranges at Is. to Is. 6d. per cwt. for the fortnight. Large arrivals ave increased the stock at this port by about 9,000 tons, it being now 57,000 tons. The quotations, which are nearly nominal, are now-for Bengal low, 10s.; middling, 1s. ; good, 12s. Madras, fair to good pinky, 10. 6d. to Us.- Necraszie, 10s. 6d. to lls.; and Rangoon, i0s. per owt. " COCOA NUT OIL has been very dull and difficult of sale. Cochin is nominally worth 491. 10s., and Ceylon 481. 10s. per ton. I" Sss'rILOwE.-The value, in consequence of Importers meeting the buyers freely, has receded 31. to 4L per Cwt., and now ranges from 134 10s. to 221. per owt., current medium qualities of Bengal being worth from 171. to 184 per cwt. There has been latterly more demand and bettor competition, but no improvement in prices, " SHXLLAC.-ThO value has given way 10, to 20s. during the fortnight, importer generally having shown great disposition to sell, and the arrivals being lrge at the same time. Fine D C orange must now be quoted 100s. to 10Ss. 2d orange and native, 85s. to 95s. ; liver, ISe, to 90a per cwt. II TuRaIRie Is again lower, particularly for Madras and Malabar kinds, 33s. to 38s. being about the value now - Bengal ai,o is lower, and 54s. to 55s. is about the nominal value. Any large parcels offered would lower the rates very In uch. " CLTCsI is in limited demand at 63s. per cwt. for good. COCHrN1EAL-9d. lower, chiefly in consequtence of the st7 te of the money-market; qualities suited for India are worth-good, 4s. to 4s. 2d. ; middling, 3s. 10d. to 3s, lid.; Iiow mixed dead, 3s. 6d. Der lb."
STATE OP TRADE. MANCEESTER, Ocr, 24. The market has been Inactive this morniDg, and prices are lower and very irregular. There seems to be a desire to enter into as few trarsactions as can be helped in the present state of trade, and in yarns and cloths makers are in some instances ceasing to ron their mills ful time. Yarns are selling at id. to .d. cheaper than the highest point, and there is reason to believe that in some few cases sales have been made at a still lower rate. In domestics, long-cloths, and T-cloths the home trade houses are nearly the only purcbasers. In 40-inch shirtings souie little business has been doing for Chiaa, but for other naarkets there is extremely little doing in these cloths and in printers. The fact that cotton has gone down id. to ad. at Liveroool in the face of such an extremely small stock on hand is attracting atten. tion, and Messrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co. remind their correspondents that the great reductions of price in 1a4S and 1852 were under pre3isely similar circumstances. BIRLMINGFIAMI, OcT. 24. Tle high rate of interest, the affairs of India. and the unfavourable commercial inteUigence from the United States operate injuriously upon the iron trade of South Staffordshire, but hitherto have not produced those serious effects which migbt have been expected. At present the works of the district are fully employed, and trade appears to be in a healthy state, but considerable uneasiness is expressed as to the future. Transactions In the iron trade are pretty generally effected in four months' bills, and these in the present state of the money-market, it is scarcely Decessary to say, are found difricult to negotiate. The Bi7ufiglhnam Journial of this morming states, -"That one or two difficulties have been pending in the CourSe of the week, and the bills of a respectable house are said to have been refused at the bankers, but this is the extent to which rumour has gone, and we are not without bope that the time, trying as it is, may be got over without the occurrence of any serious calamity.' It is possible that there may bo injurious reports affecting the credit of some parties extensively engaged in the staple manufacture of the neighbourhood, but from inquiries to-day we cannot ascertain that they have anv founation in fact. While tbe Anerican trade in British iron, for "the fall." may be -aid tobe wellnigh over, it is satisfactory to know that the damand for sheets and plates for home consumption is improving, and that, considering the purchases made at the recent quarterly meetiDgs, they are in fair request. The prices of pigs remain firm-a sure proof thab those of finished iron are equAlly well supported. The orders received by foreign merchants engaged in the hardware trades have within the last fortnight been limited, if we except those received from South America; and many of our manufacturers, as might be expected, consequently complain of languor. Most of the workshops are pretty well off for orders, but there is not that continuous influx which they experienced during earlier part of the year. This is more particulaxly observable with regard to the brass-foundry businesses, and prices exhibit unmistakeable symptoms of weakness. These fluctuations produce natrally an injurious effect upon the brass and copper tradca. Founders in expectation of a fall will not purchase more than they can avoid, and it is only by a pressire of orders, which does not exist at the present time, that high prices of raw material can be maintained. The brass-foundry business in moBt branches is quiet, and in the uncertain state of tho metal-market few manufacturers are inclined to mnake for stock. The condition of one branch, that of plumbers' brass-founding, may be mentioned as an exception to the otherwise quiet state of the trade. The largest house in town is more' than usually busy, and has orders in hand which will last for some months to come. Among the manufactures of the town which until lately was extraordinarily active was that of pearl buttons. At the present time, bowever, it Is extremely slack, and the men In many Establishments only partially employed. There has been no material alteration of the iron foundries of the distriot drring the past week. They are generally fairly employed, but the reports from other neigh' ourhoods not immediately engaged m the iron and hardware trades are not favourable. Carpet weaving at Kidderroinster is depressed, and, as compared with the spring of the year, little is doing. Many, if not most of the chief establishnients are working short time, with a prospect of continued flatness during the remainder of the year. They have now few pieces On hand, and work is daily becoming ls'. Accounts from Coventry are also less cheering than a few weeks ago, and at Redditeh, where until lately needle making was remarkably brisk, the manufacturers complain of slackness. The glass trade at Stourbridge is dull, but the chainmakers are busily engaged for the dockyards of the kingdom. The faU in the price of tin which was announced on Thursday is likely to prove of considerable advantase to the tinware manufactures of Wolverhampton. It is well known that the prices of manufactured article3 bave not risen in proportion to the reeent advances made ia the prices of tin plates, and that loss has thus accrued to the manufacturers. This will in some degree be compensated by the present reduction. The business continues brisk, but the great weight of orders executed are for Austra]ls and other of the British colonies. NOTTINGHAM, OCT. 24. The lace trade is in a very lpnguid condition; this week there has been very little doing in any of the branches. This is attributable for the most part to the commercial difficulties in America. Many of our manufacturers are heavy creditors with the American house of Ayres and Mellish, the intelligence of the suspdnsion of which caused considerable sensation in the commereial circles here. Stocks on hand are low, and manufacturers are for the most part working to order. Silk Is easier to purchase, and yarns remain without alteration in price. The hosiery trade partakes of the same depression as the lace; there is a trifling amount of business doing for the home market, otherwise trade is exceedingly quiet. LEICESTER, OCT. 24. There is a tolerable amount of business doing for the home market, and, conRidering tho ecommercial panic in America, the high rate of discount by the Bank of England, and the continued dearness of the raw material trade is in a satisfactory condition. These causes render it still advis- able for manufacturers to keep down stock; consequently I wbat is doing is actually wanted. There is no alteration in the price of wools, which are. however, duU of sale, and yarns remain as dear as last week, GLOCESJER, OCT. 24. The trade of this port is still in a depressed state, although there has been a partial revival since our last report. The half-yearly meeting of the Glocester and Berkeley Ship Canal Company has just been held. Tile accounts for the half-year ending the 24th of September showed that the trade of the canal was in a very depressed state for the first four monthq of that period, but that since then it had considerably revived. A dividend of 5s. per share on the consolidated shares was declared. The secretary, Mr. Clegram, reported that in the corresponding half.year of IS5& the total quantity of timber and wood gcods imported was f9S)4 loads, while in the half-year ended the 25th of September this year it was 29 982 loads. Fle also stated that the great deficiency in the income of the company arose from the fact that there had been between 11,000 and 12,000 tens of grain less im,ported this ear than in the c,r- responding period of 1856. The number of tons of grain | im,ported in the half-year just ended w/as 16,126, and in the cer-esnonding half-year of 1856 the importations amounted to 297,851 tons. LEEDS, OCT. 24. The woollen cloth trade in aimost every branch carried cn in this town and district is rather flat, from causes wbich are patent to most persons, being common at the present time to commercial afflairs throughout the united kingdom. Great caution is used onall sides ; merchants and traders purchase but to supply immeiiate wants, and manufactcrers are gradually limiting thair productive powers, so as not to cause a glut in the market. Indeed, so long as wool, oil, and dye wares, as well as the rate of payment for labour demanded by manufacturing operatives, remain at the present height nothing but an improvement in the general demand will induce the manufacturers to work their "achine.-3to its full extent. At present it may safely be said that they are obtaining but a modPrate reniuneration tor the employmont of their capital and skill; and with a falling off in the demand, and the existing state of the money-market beth at home and abroad, they are forced to loser rather than increase their Prices. Till monetary and commercial ^ffairs in the United States assume a more favourable aspect the imports of woollen cloths from this l'cality to that country vill doubtless be of a limited charactey, and probably less wilU also be sent to Canada. It is satisfactory to know that no very heavy losses have yet been sustained here by the failures In America. There have been some losses, but so far as is known they are not great, neither separately nor in the aggregate. There is great soundness, it is believed, in the manufacturing and mercantile community of this district, and not A single failure of moment has been recorded these last three weeks. As to the prospect of a change in prices, the Leeds Inztdligrencr of today remarks:- "White there is a notfceable diepositpon on the part of manufacturers to accaDt lowerprices, the merchsnts show little In3cUnation to Increse their stocks, espocially a5 a feeling gains ground thht a decided fall mnust take place before business can resume Its old Imit.i i s plaia that stocks of manutactured goods are cn all hands amall; the drapers hae purchaed very sparingly, and the Londonnmerchants likewise, so that if any canges thould cocurth, loese throughout the trade would be comnparatrvely light. Oa the other hand It may be said that buers cannot remain much longer out of tbe market, and that the longo, operations are deferred the ross extensive must they ultimately beoome. Looking to the prlcoe o4 the raw materi.l and the evident signa of a =ayerins market, and srtally to the universal presuralfor money, seulatorz In wool asust be anxious to realze, sand we shalU be suspriced If crtaink lots whifishare been held overs for some 11eto not come under the hammer on and after teo 12th of Novomber.- The latter day has been fixed upon for the commeotcment of the quarterly sales of wool in the metropolis. At present it is expected that from 40,000 to 50,000 bales will be offered. In the cloth-ball3 this morning them -was no feaiure of change. Merchants purchased but spa2ingly, and only of such goods as are suited for winter wear, except a few job lots. Waiting to see what may be the mext turn of events, especially of the news froma India and Arerica appears to be the order of the day. There is nabhing like undue depression, best, on tbe contrary, a hopainl cooidence that commercial matters vill soon mend. ITAL1E X, Ocr. 24. The v orbi2 tiade is rather depressed asd less business Is gradually being tions irx ll branches. Less thian the average quantity of goods, yarns, and wool has been sold during the week, as well as to-day. Many -manufacturers are adopting short time in their mills. Wool is a tifle easier. 'BRADFORD, OCT. 24. The Bradford market for wools, yarns, and textile produo, tions of the district has b'seu exceedingly quxiet this veek, and to all appearance it will remain so until more cheerins news for the ocommerci.1 world arrive from some qnarter The transactions in EBnglish wool- have been very limited and where sales h',ve been effected holders have had to accept lower rates. Bright-haired wools, particularly hogs', are still moss i'a request. There has been little business doing in nois axd brokes, and prices are easier. In worsted yarns and wiO'wes the transactions have been quite inconsiderable. or, smell a butsiness has hben done in these departmaittr this week in the market that prices can hardly b> 'quoted; but if any ordlers were given out or takeii thae hazar.,ctions involved the acoeptanco of a little les money. The lower uumbers of cotton yarps are ease?1f purchaSe, but in the other qualities there is no alteration. All the houses in the Bradford trade are acting strictly on the-deferjslve, and are desiroas of bringing their engagements into as narrow a compa5s as possible until the present monetary prossure shall have been removed, and untI 00 4 rnereial prespeots generally look brighter. The working of short time is inoreasing cousideribly, and it is likely to be more gen,rdl in thih district than it hs bhen at any former period or recent date. A com:3tent author;ty estinates th%,' by reason of tho sto-pa ,e or partial employment of machinery not more than eVo. thirds of the.usual quantity of yarns and pieces will be praduced for the Bradford market-.in other vords, that the production for sonme time to come wlUl be diminished- by one-third. This extensive adoption of the plan of working short time Is owing mainl.y to the preseat high prices of toe. raw material. On previous occasions of depression the prices of tho raw material have b-an usully low-a circumhtance which encouraged capitalists to continue working their machinery full time, in the reasonable hope of ultiG snately realizing a profit on their stooks, whereas, at the. present mowent, with the high rates demanded for wools and cotton, the prospect of an adequate return for capital eunployed in produoing yarns and goods at the ordiaary rate is not cheerng. As oon as the tide of prosperity begins to return the low stooks of yarns and pieces must give a considerable stimulus to produotion. In the meantime it speaks well for the inherent soandness of trade when, with-- ont any signs of panic or alarm, mercbants and manufacturers are adopting the course which prudence dictates. by curtailing their operations and waiting until the clouds which now darken the commorcial horizon shall have been dissipated. The poor will suffer to some extent during the continuance of short-time working, but there is a strong disposition on the pArt of employers to lessen the pressure upon the workperple as much as possible, by giving them all something todo.instead ofdischarginga portion of them. The failure .f a commision agent here was announced in the early part of the wcsk, but his liabilities are small, ancbis falure was consequent on that of Mr. Hingh Fergussop, stuff merchant, of Manchester and Bradford. DUBLIN, OcT. 24- The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday, the 22d of October, inclusive, were 17,4651., againt 21,939& last week.
RAILWAY IAVTELLIGENC!. RASP' TNDTAPT The report of tLe directors of this company states that, while in common with the rest of the comrmunity the company has suffered by the mutiny, it has not sustained that serious amount of damage which might have been feared; as, irrespective of the sacrifice of valasble lives, which the board most deeply lament, the chief loss it will have to deplore will be that arising from the temporary stoppage of the principai portion of the works and the conseeuent delay in treir completion. In the Lower Provinceea for instance, the damage done to the coapany's property has been mainly confined, as far as the board are aware, to certain station works, plant, and the preparations made for the So3no bnidge; and in the Upper Provinces and on the river, to the destraction of Rome of its buildings, machinery, and tools. The works on the South Beerboom district, about 45 miles, which are being constructed under the company's own engineers, have not been retarded, and it is anticipated that about 21 miles of this division will be opened in March, 1858, and the rematnder in 1859. In the next succeeding length, about 33 miles,ithe contractors not having carried on the works with due vigour, the probability is that the whole will fall into the hands of the company's engineers. From the end of this division to Rajmahal, about 50 miles, the work; bave made fair progress, but the unsettled sthte of the countryis now interfering with them. With the exception of interruptions incidentAl to the circumstances of the coantry, the works on the next 50 miles are snaking reasonable progress. On the Monghyr and Patna districts, abi,ut 160 miles, the works are entirely stopped, but as these wilt shortly be taken over by the company's engineers their execution will be pushed forward with the utmost vigour directly the country becomes a little more settled. Oa the Soane district, under contract to Messrs. Burn and Co., rapid pogregSs was being made, notwithstanding the disturbancees; when, unfortunately, the outbreak at Dnapore intervened, causing a stoppage of the works and the loss of property which has been previously referred to. From the river Zurumnassa to Delhi the country being more or less in the hands of the rebels, the works have necessarily been brought to a standstilL The board entertain no doubt that the whole of the line from Allahabad to Cawnpore would have been opened during the present year but for the unfortumate outbreak; 44 miles out of 126, were at that time so far completed as to have been placed at the disposal of the Government for the couveyance of troops. Measures wiU be taken for the resumption of active operations and the most vigorous prosecution of the works st the earliest possible moment. The whole of the works and permanent may on the opened line are in excellent condition, the traffic has been carried on with regularity, and much credit Is due to the officers in charge of this departmeat. The cost of maintenance has been reduced to 6.&d. per train mile, being 4d. per train per mile less than in the nreceding half-year. The doubling of the lise to Berdwan is proceeding satisfactorily. The number of passengers carried between the Ist of January and the 30th of June, 1857, was 548,547, of whom 6,770 were first-class, 26,424 second-class, and 515,353 third-class passengers. The increase in the number of passengers as compared with the corresponding half-year of 18.56 was 116,226. The tonnage in goods and minerals for the half-year was 63,750 tons, ahowinag an increase of 19,055 tons over the preceding half-year, or of 30,740 tons over the corre-ponding half-year of 1856. The traffic receipts for the half-year ending the 30th of June amounted to 0.3,4591., showing an incresse of 14,8311. over the preceding half-year, or 16,90SZ. over the corresponding half-year of 1856. The net revenue exhibits a progressive increase; it amnounted for the half-year ending the 30th of June, i855 to 10,6311.; ending the 31st of December. 1855, to 20.621. ending the 30th of June, 186, to 27,791I.; ending the 3hi of December, 1856, to 29,2691. ; and for the half-year ending the 30th of June, 1857, to 40,2151. The board have not yet settled the terms of the contract with the East IndiA Company for the line from Mirzapore to Jubbolpore. The hoard advert to the praiseworthy efforts which have been made by the members of the staff to proteut the coiipany's property, and they notice in terms of the highest commendation the conduct of Mtssrs. Boyle and Kelly in the gallanr defence at Arrah. The board close the report on the affair of the company vith undiminished conScdenoe in the value of the undertaking, and the solid basis of secraity on which it rests. The revenue account for the half-,rer ending the 31st of Dece b3r, 1856, showed that 49,3381. had been received, and 20,ci29L, or 40.98 per rent. expended, leaving a net balaoce of 20,2691. The receipts for the half-year ending the .30th of June, 1857, amnounted to 64,3071., and the expenses to 24,0921., or 36-72; per cent,, leaving a net balace of 40,2151. TONNING AND FLE,NSBJRG. It appears that His Maesty the King of Denmark has lust; conferredl the Dannebrog Order of Knighthood on Mr. J. S. Lonth, the genera manager of the above railway, as & token of his approval of the arrangements and management of the blne. TRAFFIC RETUILNS. Miles Pasr 5ler- TOtal, Total, Ballw . open, senBets. canodlse. 1857. 18is. Week ending Oct. 15. hia"Antoa . , ,. 315 ., 21 Week ending Oct. 18. Caledonian .. .. .. . 14043 12,445 IRISEI RAILWAY RETLRSM, )EAMP UP TO T= B2rXCrrVZ DATSN AS UIDSI '- 157. 1B8. Nsse of Fnllway. s . d. _. E. d. Belfast anod Ballymena, Oct. 17 ,, 1,192 12 6 1,070 5 S e3lfastandCounty Down, Octl .. 275 5 5 27S 13 7 Cork and Bandon, Oct 17 .. .. 335 17 6 .. 4 43 8 Cork, Pllacnkrock, and ila3ge, Oit. 17 220 12 2 1."s 16 5 ublin and Droghed%, Oct. 18.. .. 1.740 15 11 ,651 15 6 Dubiltu ad Belast Junctiou, Ocl 18 1,432 2 9- 1,225 19 4 Intereaton NavaxBmas,ck , . 10813 .. 103 18 0 Dublin and Wicklow, Oa lt.. .1 1,626 15- . . 1,5s3 9 2 Duudalk and WnniaklIen. Oct. 18 .. 6ss s 6 . 459 14 0 Great Southern and Western, Oa. 17 7,610 19 8 . 6,8W 1 3 rrish South.Xa*ern. Oct.i 1 .. ., 259 16 11 .. 263 8 10 ilflarneyJuoetlon, Oct.17 .. .. 43S 4 0 '36514 S Limerick and Foyne., Oct IT . .. 1SI 18 7 17' . i02 3 5 Londonden7 and Enulakllon, Oct 17 854 6 8 932 411 Londondery and Coleralno, Oct 17 .. 35k 3 S 2SS 8 9 Mldland Great Weem, Oct,18 ,. 4,03318 11 .. *032 4 1 ller, Oct. IS . . .. .. LsU 4 9 . 553 17 6 Waterfordand Klkaony, Ock 17 .. 358 9 9- M5!2'1 5 Waterfordand liseriok, Oc17 . 1,35,10 0 13,18211- 11 Waterfordand rTnose,zOc17 .. 7411 6 S3 3
LONDON, NOWAs Y, OCTOBER 24,1857. The Divans convoked at Jassy and Bucharest have each voted for the Union of the two Principalitiec by a very large majority. This result was not for a moment doubtful. The influences which have ruled in the two capitals during the laat few i nPuths, and the agitation produced by a new-borm liberty of action, have not unzaturally led to suach an extreme demand as the establishment of a Rovran kingdom under a Sovereign to be selected from one of the Royal families of Europe. Yet we cannot but regret that the Moldo-' Wallaehian deputies have been encouraged to go so far. There is some chance that matters of real practical reform will be neglected when we see the Assemblies intrusted with the intereBts of the Provinces thus led avway in pursuit of an illiluion and a phantom, for it has been long certain that no such scheme can be realized. From the outset of the Eastern complications Turkey has declared its determination not to weaken the bonids which unite these fertile Provincea to the Monarchy. Again and again during the last year the same resolve has been made known by suecesive Ministries, and within the last month and since the annulment of the late elections the PoRTz has addressed to its diplomatic agents a circular, in wvhich it states beforehand that the Union of the Principalities, and much more the fonmation of a semi-independent kingdom, must not enter into the discussion at the European Congress. The question, then, must be considered as already settled, mnleas the PoRTE be persuaded by the other Powers to change its determination; for the SuLTw cannot be forced to agree to anything derogatory to his rights and the integrity of his empire, of which rights and integrity he is, of course, held to be the best judge. It is evident, then,that the matter to be considered by the other Powers is whether they vill support the SULTAN in this determination or eadeavour to induce him to 6hange it, On this Point we must, with every good wish the wellbeing of the Moldo-Wallachian peoph,, and after watching the question through all its phases, retain the opinion we have all along expresed. It is well known that the PORTE has in this matter the full support of the Austrian Government. Nay, so determined Is Austria on the subject that it is probable she would hardly hesitate to adopt extreme measures rather than see a new State, naturally hostile to herself and dependent on her most dangerous neighbour, thus overlap her territory and gain possession of the Danube, the chief artery of her dominions. The views of Turkey and Austria are, we must confess, our own, and we think that England, whose only wish is to secure the peace of Europe, may justly give her voice in favour of the two Powers which are most deeply interested in the Principalities, and which must first feel the effects of any aggression or intrigue. Now, what are the Moldo-Wallachians, and what have they been induced to demand ? They are the inhabitants of two flat and naturally defencelees Provinces, which have been for ages exposed to every invader. They have seen their country occupied within the last four years by Russian, Austran, and Turkish armies. They are not, and never have been, a people of any military instincts, nor are they likely to hold their own against any foe from north, west, or south. Thius, if even they were a separate and distinct nation, it would be a dangerous thing to erect them into a State, and to form a keystone to the European arch out of such a soft and yielding substance. But they are not a distinct nation. The Principalities, even with the accession of territory lately gained from Russia, do not contain the whole Rounan population. There are in Bessarabia on the one side, and in the Austrian provinmces on the other, two or three millions of the same race and religion. The MoldoWallachian kingdom would only constitute an outpost of the Russian Empire. The Russian Roumans would act on the subjects of the new monarchy, who would in turn act on their Austrian brethren. We cannot conceive any condition of things less likely to insure to Eastern Europe that tranquillity which has been the object of so many sacrifices. It is with no wish to wound the feelings of the Mloldo-Walachians, but from a conviction that the truth ought to be spoken, that we must also declare our belief that neither their social institutions, their manners, nor their education fit them for forming an independent constitutional State. Are we again to sacrifice realities for shadows, the stability of Europe for the dreams of system-builders ? Nationality and liberty,-are we again to be charmed out of our judgment by these words of magic soundc? A constitution,-do we wish to see our venerable forms of government travestied in another demoralized capital, to be trampled upon after a time by the lawlessness of another petty Court 7 MoldoWallachian society contains no clas capable of working a free government. A race of Boyards devoted to luxury and self-indulgence, whose chief object is to get the last penny from their property, and to spend it in Vienna or Paris; a priesthood the unconcealed partisans of the Russian E3rPEuox, and forming an organization which he can at any time direct; a serf peasantry without the intelligence or ambition, even if they had the power, to rise above their hopeless lot,-such is the community which ignorance would compare with the Swis, the Dutch, and the Danes. There is, indeed, a Liberal party, as everywhere on the Continent, but we ought to know by this time what to expect from that noi, young democracy, -which draws its social science from FouniEn, its economyfromPRouDHox, and its practical etbics from GEOuGE SAND and EuGnEE Su. No ; there are some materials which have the strength to stand alone, and others that muat be built Into and joined with stronger stuff. The Rouman race is of the latter kdnd. It may prosper, and be happy, and fulfil its mission, whatever that may be, in the world, so long as it in incorporated with an Empire of strength and stamina; hut independent it ean never be. Sunder it from Turkey, and the time muat come when Austria and Russia will dispute the possession. We have reasoned on the presumption that the Union of the Principalities under a Royal dynasty would be a severance of the bond which unites them to Turkey; and, indeed, to suppose otherwise would be an excem of credulity. Is it to be fancied, that when the Rouman kingdom is established, with a King and Queen and Court receiving and retuming the visits of St. Petersburg-when the Ottoman troops are withdrawn, and even the mouths of the Danube guarded by Rouman gunboats-the suzerainty of the PonRTS l be anything but a name? Will not every year witness some new pretension put forward, until at last the PoBrTE will lose the last shred of authority, and the integrity of the Ottoman Empire cease to exist ? Surely this would be a fine conclusion to all our labours. We have shed our blood and treasure in a gigantic war because the CzAR temporarily occupied these Provinces; shal we now allow them calmly and deliberately to be surrendered to his authority ? That in certainly not in accordance with the established policy of this country. Whatever may be the faults of the Turkish Empire, our statesmen have long decided that it is not to be reformed by breaking it to pieces. We have supported the SULTAN's authority in Egypt and Tunis, in Montenegro and in Armenia, and the advantages of the policy are now visible. Let us not abandon it on a point more important than any. It should be remembered that an inland country like the Principalities is most difficult of access to our aima and our influence. In most regions of the Ottoman Empire we might actively support the SuLTA1's rights, but the country north of the Danube is barred to us both by nature aid treaties. So mnch the more careful should we be not to weaken the Powers whose interest coincides with ours, and who are now struggling to preserve their just influence. The POTRTE and the Cabinet of Vienna see these things by the liht pf long experience, and feel their importance with the acutenms of men whose interest are deeply in- 4 volved. They may well receive the support of this country; and in that case we have little doubt that the wisdom and good feeling of the other Powers will lead them to acquiesce. The PoB.TE has already assured the world that an assimilation of the two Provinces as respcts political and legal administration will be proposed to the Congress, and carried out on p'inciples which have received its approbation. The manner of appointing the Hoapodars, the term of their office, and the extent of their authority, will also, no doubt, be discussed. The conservation and defence of the Danube-the great highway of the country -ill, of course, be a matter of interest. The Congress will therefore be able to do much for the prosperity of the Principalities, even though it cannot entertain the extravagant demand which the Divans have been inspired to make.
Since the tide of succem in India has been turned against the mutineeim, notwitbstanding their numbers, by the unconquerable fortitude of our isolated countrymen, the journals of certain European States bave exchanged their forebodinga of disaster for deprecations of vengeance, and, instead of forecasting the ruin of England, have employed themselves in denouncing the spirit of reyeoge which they amumne to be rampant in British hearts. With the feelings of the nation they are pleased to identify the arguments of The Times, and they avowedly direct against ouraelves, as personifying the whole community, those attacks which, in defiance of their force, we have repeatedly been content to transfer to our own pages, and thus invest with a publicity they would never otherwise have obtained. It is undoubtedly true both that England will act and The Times will speak independently of any foreign commentaries, and that the voice of the country does loudly demand that the sins of the mutinous Sepoys shall be visited 'withisigualretribution. Suchapolicy, however, isso rarely incumbent on any people, is so liable to be misinterpreted, and if misinterpreted would be so little conducive to national reputation, that we acknowledge an account of it to be due to the opinion of Europe. That account we are prepared to render, and in the face of the world we plead for our policy justification and duty-justification the most absolute, and duty the most imperative. We are not a cruel people. We point with confidence to our annals and to our legislation in proof of the fact. Our great political revolutions, though they occurred in times when the m s of humanity bad but a weak hold npon man, were not characterized by any popular barbarity. Our criminal code, like that of the Franks and the Germans, was originally severe, but its worst provisions have long been cancelled, and wrere before largely modified in practice. Though conquerors and eolonists, we are not jealous of our Imperial rights, nor do we invest the person of an Englishman with any excessive sanctity. We have Associations organized for the expreas pprpose of maintaining the claims of aborigine4 aganst13ritish settlers, and when the homesteads of our countrymen in South Africa are ravaged by a foray of merciless savages a considerable party is invariably found to side with the heathen. We will approach even more closely to the point, and aflirm, that if the rebellion in Bengal had represented the insurrection of a nation on behalf of independence and freedom, the revolters, notwithstanding the predilection of this country for its Indian Empire, would probably have found sympathizers among us, and would certainly never have been charged with unpardonable guilt. We have had our lessons in colonial policy, and have profited by them. So little are we disposed to be exacting or imperious, such large concesqions do we make of self-government and freedom, that the termn "dependency" is often only conventionally applicable, and the ties between the mother country and the colony arise from interest and affection alone. But, for the cry which now resounds througghout the kingdom we assert that there is ample justification. Is there not? Look at the crime. None know betterthan our continental censors that if military revolt is to go unpunished there is an end of govermnent and society together ; but military revolt is the mildest feature of the mutinies of Bengal. These mutinies were conceived without provocation, accomplished without an object, and distinguished by the most frightful enormities of which human nature is capable. Let it be remembered that for the pretext of religious alarm there did not exist, and never had existed, the malest ground whatever. So far wa-s the Indian Government from any design of propagating Christianity to the prejudice of Brahminism that this very default is brought against us as a grave delinquency. So far was the Sepoy from having been persecuted or oppressed that his class Wa the most pampered and enviable among his countryman, and so far was he from dreaming of Eindoo ascendancy either in religion or politios that his first act was to proclaim the sovereignty of a foreign dynasty implacably and actively hostile to his creed. The mutiny, therefore, had neither warrant nor objeot; but see, again, how it was carried out. It. was carried out with such horrible exceses that the mere crime' of military disobedience becomes lost in the catalogue. Murder was not itsaincident, but its essenoe. Butchery of the most foul and treacherous kind was the one pimple expression given to the revolt. The Sepoy rose, not to assert his freedom or protect his nationality, but to put all his officers, their wives, their children, and their countrymen present, to a shocking death. That appears to have been tne only object kept definitely in view. Observe, too, that for such deeds there was no apology to be found in the straits or necessities which occasion may create. AU that the rebels purposed to do could have been done without the murder of a single European. Our countrymen were tens among thousands. It was sufficient to mutiny, and the mutineers could dispose of thenmelves Zs they pleased. If a Sepoy battalion chose to renounce its allegiance and march to Delhi, the half-dozen European officers could do nothing to prevent thenm. Against such a demonstration they were as powerlem as their own wives and infants, and were asassinated from pure and gratuitous ferocity. Years of kindness and confidence yielded no protection-the very officers who defended to the last the character of their men were marked out specially for butchery. One wellknown Commander of Irregulars had devoted to the interests and improvement of his troopers a private independence, which would have maintained him in competence at home. His wife shared his tastes and his duties, and these two together had tended the men in sickness and in trouble with all the care and solicitude of parents. The regiment rose-six strong squadrons-upon the unfortunate pair, and murdered them. At one station the Sepoys waited upon their officers with tears in their eyes, and implored them by the memory of past services and dangers to banish every suspicion of their fidelity. That same night they surrounded the meesroom, and sihot their victims as they sat at table. At another station, there a revolt had been prepared for immediate explodon, A deputation of Sepoys actually proceedea to the quarters of the officers, and prayed that the woxien and ebildren, who had been de?jiatched to a .place of refuge, might be brought back and intrusted to their protection. The request was happily refused, and the massacre which occurred a few hours afterwards was confined to men alone. These are the doings which have roused Englishmen to the expression of a sentiment so uncommon with them. We caUl for retribution, not upon misguided inurgent, but upon infamous assassins. We style them "mutineers," but it is for convenience only. It is not mutiny which constitutes their crime or their character. They are either bloody murderers or raving maniacs; there is no alternative between the two. If a proof is desired of our sentiments at this point we appeal to the history of the revolt itself. No cry for vengeance followed the first outbreaks in Lower Bengal. Sepoys were in overt rebellion against Government early in the year, but so long as multiny was mutiny only there was comparatively little emotion in England. It was when disaffection was expressed by heinous massacre that the indignation of the country was aroused. The names associated with tho cry for retribution are not Barrackpore and MIoorahedabad, but Delhi and Cawnpore. It is here that the infliction of chastisement assumes the character of duty. We are forbidden to describe the enormity of the offence, but if these who comment upon the emotions of this nation will but inquire into the details of the crimes by which we have been outraged we thinl their reproaches would cease. Certainly we know that frightful doings have been perpetrated on other occasions, but in hot blood and with a conventional license, Soldiers of all countries in times past have indulged the worst passions of humanity in the hour of victory, but not for weeks together, not apart from the maddening excitement of battle, not with aU the refinements of protracted torture, not with indignities schemed and studied expresly to degrade the victim. These atrocities,-literaUy unIspeakable,-were committed long after the first outbreak of revolt hlad set the Sepoy mind in a flame; they were committed on u-resisting and helpless captives, where there had been no conflict to stmulate passion, where there was no danger to dictate cruelty, and where no motive of any kind could exist except the | deliberate wish to abuse and dishonour England itself through this treatment of its children. If we say that the scenes of such deeds should be marked for ever, do we say more tivu justice warrants or than revolted humanity suggests f In the Causes CO2Pbres more than one example will be found of crimes so enormous that the very dwellings in which they were committed were razed to the ground, in order that the vacant spot might remain a memorial of extraordinary guilt and extraordinary retribution. Yet in all these records of horrors there is not one crime so dreadful as those in India, where the j perpetrators have been represented by an entire army, and the sufferers by an entire nation. Such cnmes we are compelled to avenge by the fiSt jinstinct and the first duty of man-that of selfipreservation; for a people which could overlook such offences would not only be outraging the maxims of justice, but would forfeit all public respect, and with it all national security.
A manifesto has been issued by the Central Orange Lodge in answer to the LoBD CHA?OCELLOR of Ireland. It was, indeed, to be expected that the Association would die hard. If there be a being on earth of whom the quality of "game" ness" may be justly predicated, it is the Orangeman. Pugnacity in the face of superior numbers forms the very essence of his character. He is the descendant of a victorious race, the propagator of a spreading language, the partisan of a proselytizing religion. His father and grandfather before him were accustomed to think of themseves as a real Church militant, as the salt of the earth, as the few who, in the midst of the idolaters. would not bow the knee to BAA. The present representatives of those -who slammed the gates of Derry and charged across the Boyne have not indeed achieved any deeds of heroism, but they are ardent admirers of former prowess. If they had only been their own ancestors, what great things they would have done for SKing WmraA3t or the Hanoveriau GEoBGES ! Unhappily, even in their youth the ancient fire was waning. The opposition to the Catholic Association 'was but a mild display after 1690, or even 1798. They can remember the Kentish fire, and the toasts and the shouting, and the occasional collisions in the streets with shMllelaghs, and sometimes a pistol shot; but they can hardly conceal from themseves that the world has become in later times rnost shamefully spiritless, and people have thought more of living according to their own creed than assaulting that of their neighbours. The last lingering representatives of the Orange Association are naturally unwilling to seem totally degenerate. If the Greek Empire and the Venetian Republic, or our own Ecclesiastical Courts, have fallen without a blow, the world has set it down to their thorough and hopeless decay. If Orangeism is to perish, at any rate let it be with something like the spirit that bites and kicks to the last. However, its time has come, and by nothing is this made more plain than by the circular itself. The very fact that the Orange Asoiation sholfid seek to deny that it kept alive a feeling of stanch Protestantism and perpetuated distinctions between Irishmen of the two religions, is sufficient to show how it has descended into times which are not congenial with it. The CHiAs1LOn condemns it for doing what thirty years ago it would have been proud of, but which now it hastens to disown. After that there is nothing for it but to descend into the grave in peace; but, although it shows the weakness of dissolution by denying the charge, it does not follow that the charge is groundless. The CnA?onuLonR hag determined that magistrates in future shall be required to declare that they do not belong to the Association, and will not become members of it while they hold office. The ground for this resolve is, that turbulence and riotous outrages have " sprung from " the party feelings excited on the recurrence of "certain anniversaries ;" and that " the Orange "Society is mainly instrumental in keeping up "this excitement." The answer to this, put forth by the Society, is, that although the proceedings at Belfast were made the subject of an inquiry, nothing could be proved against the Orangemen as a body. But what defence Is this? It is not said that in every disturbance the action of the Society is directly felt,-the members do not meet together and decide to challenge or provoke the Catholics,-but it is most certain that the spirit which this Society, with its organization, its name, its connexion with a disastrous period of the national history, and its constant rubbing of religious sores, keeps alive in the community is one which naturally produces such excese as have lately disgraced the town of Belfast. A Society which deals so much with the glorious anniversaries of Protestant victories and glorious memories of Protestant Kings may be the cause of religious outbreaks, even though it formally recommended peace and charity every day of its existence. But the Society stands as much convicted by what it boasts of as by what it denies. Will it be believed that Orangeism claims for itself all the -merit of whatever improvement has taken place in the North of Ireland during the la'st 10 years? The writer of the address complains that Orangemen are *6metimea asked whit good they have achieved, and if the Society has ever been able to accomplish or prevent any great politicalmeasure. The answer, he thinks, is, that " Orangeism" has protected property and person; that it has contributed to the maintenance of domestic peace and public well-being. ' Sixty yeasm ago counties in tUlster were in a very d!sorderly state. The Society was then inatituted, and in late year Ulster bas- been a pattern province. lence Ulster has been regenerated by Orangeiam. This is, however, not the whole extent of this post hoc propter hoc argument, which allows nothing for other causes nor for the lapse of time. In the year 1836 the Orange Society dissolved itself in deference to a resolution of the House of Commons. What was the result of thus leaving " the " Protestants of Ireland dependent for protec" tion on the Government of the country T" A failmue-nothing less. " Government was not "able to protect them." " Persecuted men "began to' think of providing for them"selves some better security than the law "afforded them." So they reconstituted the Orange Society, which we must presume was intended to replace by a kind of LYxCH law tho powerleasness of the regular tribunals. A pretty admission this for people who declare that they have never in thought, word, or deed, gone beyond the law ! The address does not, indeed, tell us what the Orange Society did, nor in what way it defended the "persecuted men " whom Government was not able to protect. But a quotation from Lord ENNISKILLEN is | given to prove the. wonderful effects of thq re- construction. "Two years previous to the "reorganization the whole district of Cavan, "' Leitrim, andcall that part of the country were " overrun by ' Molly Maguires,' and very large " portions by Ribandmen." The Society was revived in 1840, and since then the state of the country has been every day improving. " Wherever Orangeism has been "powerful the country has been at peace, and "perwons of all religious persuasions have been "safe under its protection." Now, most persons have been inclined to attribute the difference between the 10 year. preceding 1846 and the 10 years succeeding that date to the death of O'Coxnsn, the famine, the failure of STH O'Bnxn2-'s insurrection, the immense tide of emigration, and the working of the Encumbered Estates Act. But the Orange Society claims it all for itself. Touch Orangeism, and down comes the country. The Whigs overthrew the institution for a time, and Ireland was plunged into disorder. The institntion was revived, and we have the peace and prosperity of the present day. It is a great theory; but we must, at the risk of another convulsion, forego its further application. We must undertake to govern Ireland without Oraageism. Protestants, as well as Catholics, must be content with the laws of their country. The Orange Society will do well to dissolve itself again, after the precedent of 20 years since, and if, after another decade, public opinion calls for the step, it may again open its Lodges and marshal its processions.
LATEST INTETGENCE (BY X A 2 BBITIH $n,GUAPH.) PRUSSTA. We have received the following telegram from our Berlin correspondent, dated Berlin, Sunday, the 25th inst.- "Yesterday the Prince of Prussassaumed the conduct of public affairs, in the name of the King, in virtue of a mandate signed on Friday by the King at Potsdam."
COURT 0IRCUL6r.. WINDSOR, Ocr. 24. Her Royal Highne the Princess Royal, attended by the Viseourtess Jocelyn, drove out in an open carriage yesterday afternoon. The Counteoss O Clarendon and Lady Constance Villers acecompanied her Royal Mighnfes In the evening their Royal HIghnesses the Prinoeof Wales, the Princess Royal, and the Duke of Cambridge dined with her Majesty. The Earl and Countess of Claren. don and Iady Constance Villiers, Lord Burgherah, the Hon. Mrs. Biddulph, and Mr. Gibbs had the honour of being InclIded. The band of the Scots Fusieer Guards played during dinner :_ Grand March-" Tahxee .. .. Wagner. Orertur_ Santa obLr .. .. gEhugte Valm-* Maud' ............... .. .. .. TAurent. Electlau- Fn Diaolo" .. .. Aubew. QuiArOle-" Minuit pe6e" .*. .. Gungl. The Queen's private baD afterwards performed the following compositions - Orertre-"'LaTicdesPUee'. .. Aubwu. seleoUiot-' Trelachutz" .Weber. Marcbe-" Faust'.. . .. Bl 4bor and T*nz-" Santa *hlwa" .. } Ry Egbnei the DkofSaxe Ooburg. The Duke of Cambridge took leave of Her Majety and left the Castle this forenoon, attended by Lord Burghersh.; The Earl and Countess of Clurendon and Lady Constance Vlilers also have taken their deparLure. The Queen and Prince Consort, accomaniled by the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, ad Pinc Alred left Windsor for Claremont at 10 o'clock this mornng attended by Viscountess Jocelyn, Major-General Bonveris end Colonel F. H. Seymour, and visited the Countess de SJeuil. The tRoyal party afterwards went to lampton Court Palace, and returned to the Caule at a-quarter before 6. In the evening her Royal Highnegs the Dunoets of Kent (attended byIady Augusta Bruce) and the Prinoess Royal ined wtHer MaHesty The Belgian Mnister and Madame Van de Weyer, La4y Caroline Barrington, and IjentanantColonel Hord mye, coumanding offlcer of the Royal Horse Gnurzds, had the hononr of being invited. The band of the Royal Horse Guards performed during dinner:- 5srccrture-1 F xdosr. Weber. BeleUou-" P3et o n1 Grsande .. .... JauDen. Sas.-'Wnerhaedie" .G=1nL selewtlou-' Se14mie" .. ..L Her Majestys private band fterwards attended in the Casle and played the following piece- O9wture-" Gabrielle D eS .. .. . MehuL Quariette (Op. IS), ucherco nd tdo, alleo molto. two YIDS viols, mad ualolelo (kMi. Be meyi, Day. Vogel, ad Sch.roder). B . thove Ainale-" Maeiha " ..... . .. . For SUNDAY, OCT. 25. The Queen and PAinee Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Prines Roya, Prince Alfred, Prinoen Alice, and Prinoe Louisa, the Ladles and Gentlemen of the Conrt, and the domestic houehold attended divine serrice this morning in the Private ChapeL The Dachess of Kent also wa at the servioe. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiaed. Deatches from the Iord Hligh Commissioner of the lonlan Islands were received on Saturday at the Colonialofflioe. Despatches were sent to the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope. _
BOMAN CATHOOIC CHAPLAINS IAV INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF TRE TES. Sir,-The three gentlemen who animadverted upon my letter of the 20th inst., urging that the pay of the Protestant and the Roman Catholic military chaplains in India should be equalized de. nounce my statement that about one-half of the British troops in Ludia are Roman Catholics as a groes exaggeration. They appear to think that one-third or even a smaller number is the actual proportion of Roman Catholic to Protestant soldier. lt signifies little which of us is right. My eatimate, which was a rough one, Is, however, corroborated by the evidence of Dr. Carr, the Protestant Bishop of Bombay, given before the Select Committee on Indian Affairs which sat in 1853. His Lordship stated that it was difficult to arrive at the exact numbers, which are uncertain, depending upon the presence or absence of certain regiments, and upon the localities In which those regiments had been recruiting before they left England. He put in a paper showing that at a time when 4,440 European troops were present in Scinde, 2,282 of them-more than half-were Roman Catholics But since the famine of 1846-7 it is very certain that the proportion of Catholics to Protestants in the British army must, for obvious reasons, have diminished considerably. One important error wbich crept into my former letter to you, and which, dngularly enough, none of my critics appear to have discovered, I must frankly admit and apologize for. I sid that the pay of the Catholic military chaplains in India was little more than half that of their Protestanb comrades. I ought to have said that it was rather less than one-third; the Catholic minister of religion receiving but 15. a month, the Protestant 501. Your obediAnt Apr,nt J. 0.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer aeckowledgee the receipt of the remaining half of a bank-note for 101. Trom "I0.?P. Q."I THE[ M r AizAN.-The Royal Mail Com-.I mny's teamship Tamar, Captain J. W.i Jeliuo, arrived at uthAmpton at 10 a.m. yesterday, bringing a mail only from Alexandria and Mata, the als from Australia not having arrived at Suez. The Tamar left Alexandria on the 12th inat., and Malta on the 16th. She experienoed westerly gslea in the Mediterranean; strong north-wterly winds and a northerly gale on the coast of Spain and Portuplnorth-east winds, with a heavy swell, acros the Bay; and stroug e.terly gales up the ChanneL This steamer brins slghtpesengers (of whom fourare distressed British eamen), and a cargo oonsisting of 236 bales of wool, two csesm of opium, 113 package of elephante teeth, thre ditto of hippopotamus teeth, 45 baes of tobacco, 63 pcka ofg um bra 10, 12 c" ofSponges, 15 cases of sugar, andlO xcakses of sundries. At Malts, on the 16th inst, were oer 4ajesty's ships Hibernia, Conqueror, and Desperate; and the gunboats Coquette, Wanderer, and VIgilant. STTNGos OF THE HolUsP oF CoMroNs.-A return to the House of Commons made on the motion of Mr. Grey, M.P., shows that during the sesion of 1857, which occupied six month,, or a part thereof, the Hlouse of Commons Eat 1-16 days-viz., in February, 19 days; in March, 15 ; In April and May, 21 (the dissoluttion causing an interregnum).- ii June, 19 ; in July, 23; and in August 19. The totai number of hours of sitting was 903a hourn and 4 minutes. The House sat altogether 91" hours after midnight. There were 7,963 entries in the "Votes" of the House (published diurnally). The overage duration of each sittwmgof the HIouse throughout the session was 7 hours 47 minutes and 29 seconds, or the best part of the third of a civil day. The House wasn reluctant,orhed no occasion to sit aftervimidnight ia Febrary, 3Iarch, April, and My, but in t&last-three inonths4June, July, and AguAdst) thq "=ftA i'2 O Wm fa53xs,3rgely oouiurned,
I AMERICA. (BY Zr.oIO AND INTERNATIONAL TZR.cPH.L) IUVERPOOL, OCT. 25. The RoYal Mail steamship Arabia h arrived with advices from New York to the 14th Inst., and $1,400. On the 15th she passed a vessel supposed to be the Vanderbilt. Advice from the city of MIexico to the 4th report that the Mexican Congress had held a proliminary meeting, and chosen Emauuel Ruiz Preeident. The insugents at the South continued to hold out against the Government forces, and it was reported that Alvarez had been assasinated. There was no alteration in the commercial panic, and the distress had reached a most alarming height. On the 12th a ran commenced on several of the New York banks, the result of which is given as follows by the New York Courier arid &tquirer of the 14th:- ' The banks of the city of New York, by their offioers aembled et the Clearing-houeo list night, resolved to suspend specio payments this morning, and appointed a comtnittee to prooeed to Albany, and request the Governor to convene the Lgi ature to consider the necessity of enacting aome low to give relief in the present financial emergency. They also resolved to make the most energetic exertions for the resumption of specie payments at an early day, and recommended that no dividend be mzde to stockholders until such resamption. The eause of this action on the part of the banks waa a severe rum upon them which commenced yesterday morning and continued throughout the day, compelling during its progress many of their number to suocumb to its *pressnrq, And placing.beore the remainder the oertainty of the same fate in the oertain renewal of a run stilt moxe severe to. day in case they opened their doors to admit it; never, indeed, In the financial history of New York was there a more trying and exciting time than yesterday. For 'weeks the merchanti of New York had fallen in numbers, llk so maDY sacrifice, on the threahiold of the banks, be. yond whose iron doors came no response to their appeals. Yesterday a multitude, like a destroying army, came down on the banks themselves, and sacrifced them in turn within the doors which they ad endeavoured to bar so strongly. We need not describe this run in its outward features; each one see the ploture, though he may not have been in Wall-street or in the neighbourhood of the np-town banks,-a street crowded with two distinct classes, the one thirsting for gold crowding in hundreds the doDrs of the banks, and forming long lines up the steps and through the halls, with anxious fces and hands nervously clutched over their checks and draughtg, crowding and jostling; and the other the loohrson, crowding the sidewalks, joldng and wondering how long the banks would stand thera. Such was the picture. Between the distreses of the merchants, who have been called upon to pay wheu theY had nothing to pay with, and the almost total destruction of confidenoe among the poorer cla3ses of the people, there were chaos and confusion thrjughout the City. The Bank of NeW York, the oldest in New York, one always liberal to its customers, and especially so during the late contrtion, paid out Its pece manfuUy ntil about 1 o'ldock, when it ceased, and paid nothing but banknotes and certified checks for the rest of the day. The Leather MAnufacturers' Bank paid out also until about noon, when it also stopped, although $90,000 in specie were due on its exchange account in the Clearing-house, but which could not be obtained, and so the run Progrese Many of the bankL that naintain themselves kept open their doors until ate in the afternoon, so as to give all a chance to get their specie. Among these were the Bank of Americs, the Bank of Commerce, and the Bank of the Commonwealth. The Bank of America paid out $150,000 in specie, the Bank of North America $85,000, the Bankof the Commonwealth $90,000. The insolvency of the Marine Bank, we are Informed, was averted by a coup de main of their friends, some of whom obtained a writ of injunction upon their proceedings. The prevalent opinion yesterday was that a few of tha old strong banks combined together to force the majo rity into liquidation, and thus confine the businem to a limited number. IndoLngthis the smaller banks werecom. pelled to curtal their operations, and in the general restriction many of our most wealthy, honourable, and useful firms have been sacrificed. We speak within bounda when we say that this cause has driven 50,000 men and women out of our workshops into idlenees and poverty. The banks which suspended were as folows :-Merchtnts' Exchange, Ocean, North River, Irving, St. Nichob,as Citizen6', M*rt, Marine, the Tradestnen's Bank, the Butchers and Drovers' Bank, the Leather Manufacturers' Bank, the Bank of New York, the Chatham Bank, the New York Exchange Bank, Bil's Head Bank, Bank of the State of NTew York, Broad. wy Bank, Artisan?' Bank-, and People's Bank" The New York Shipping LFist says of the Bank statement for the week ending the 102th "It is much more favourable than generally expected Allowing for the absenoe of the returns of two suspended banks, the decrease in the discounts is about $4,000,000, so that the banks since their informal agreement to expand their lines 3 per cent., entered into a fortnight ago, so far from granting the increased accommodation of $3,00o,000, which would have resulted from that measgure oOming into effect in good faith, have actualy mtade a further contrac. tion of about $5,000,000 The decrease in the undrawn depotits, It wiU be seen, after allowing for those in the two suspended banks, is a trifle over $3,000,000, while there is an increase in the specie reserve of about $75,000. The saine paper says:- "It is impossible to negotiate mercantile paper during the prese,at panic, and money quotations wouald therefore be no guide. Stocks generally rose on the banks' suspensions. Little has been done, on account of the unsettled state of the nmoney-market, and our quotations are nominal. We quote sterling 98 to 102 per Cent." The Neiv York Courier anadB rtirer says " The confasion in the Street to-day has been so great that busitess hasbeon in a large measure neglected. No quotations of foreign or domestic exchanges can be given. The market values of property, of stocks, of produce, &c, are all nominal. The banks of the city, having as much as they can do to take care of their own praments, are forced to refuse the notes of the oountry banks of NewEngland and New York; the brokers also refused to buy them, and this adds to the oonfusion before prevailing. We have no further advihes as to suspensions in the South. At Charleston the Bank of South Carolina has closed its doors, also the SouthWestern Eailrobd Bank. At New Orleans and St. Louis the banks are stronger than in any other parts of the eountry, ouid xr, we think, continue specie pa mentsi,but in Georgia, Kentucky, ac.-the banks cannot in justice to themselves maintain specie paymeDts while so many others are under suspension. The Stock Board to-day seem com. paratively independnt of financil revulsion, and the quo. tations show an advance in some few stocks, though they are the single eception in the whole range of the securities and merchandise now for sale." The latest quotations were-New York State Sixes 90 * Virgia Sixes, 67; MisonriSixes, 60; New iork Central, 54j; New York and Erie, 8; Reading, 29; Michigan Central, 35; Cleveland and Toledo, 21; Panama, 65 ; flinois, 51 ; Chicago and Rhode Island, 58; Galena and Chicago, 53; IA Croese, 6§. The Pennylvanian Legislature had pased a Bill fiig the second Monday is}April uex sa thd -for thie resumption of specie payments by the banka. The N{ew York Expre.ss states that at 3 o'clock on. theafternoon of the 13tSh there were Coll£Sted about 50,00\0 PersOnS. The nVew Yorls JourNal of Comnmerce quotes exchange at 90 to 100, writh a good supply of secoendclasas at 90 to 95. Amnong the principal failures were the following firns :-At New York-Harper Brothers, Wood and Grant, Hoppock and Greenwood, ConneUy and Adams, G. S. Hulman, Buckley and Moore, Baptist and White, Brammell and Roysters. Dykers and Alstyne, Hall, Dana, and Co., Ludlam, Leggett, and Co., L. C. Wilson and Co., Cahart, Bacon, and Co., Kitcham, Montrose, and Co. The New York and Erie Railroad Company's notea protested. The Michigan Central Railroad Company suspended payment on its floating debt. J. A. Genin,H. A.Coit, Seymour and Co., Ooriles and Co., Corning and Co., iconsequenoe of inability to sell exchange on London; Fenton, Lee, and Co., WiiUette and Co.; at Boston, Francis Skinner and Co., George T. and W. Plyman and Co., Fale, Nash, French, and Co.; at New Orleans, Oakley and Hawldkis at Baltimore, the Albion Cotton Manufacturing Company; St. Louis, Dean, King, and Co., A. J. rary, and Co., Collins, Kirby, and Co. ; at Alexandria, Fowle, Snowden, and Co.; at Toronto, E. F. Whittemore and Co.; in South Carolina, the Bank of South Carolina, a state institution; at Chicago, Wadsworth and Co. ; at Cleveland, the Cayuga Steam Furnace Company; at Providence, Hurkne4s and Stead. Several banks in various parts of the States had also.s44spended. The Atlan.ia would sail for Liverpool on tae 24th. The retsima from Georgia indicate the sumw&es of the DeDwearts over tbe American& Ttae etnsyLvania State election zeaultec, asp indi.
SHrPPTNTr TNTP.T.T.Trn-FvlK AERiV.ALS. At - ew York.-The Northumberland, from London-the Constitution and Ocean Express, from Liverpool-the Alma, from Cardiff-the F. Pendleton, from Newcastle. At Baltimore.-The Matacouga, from Liverpool. At City Point, Virginia.- 'The Alamode, from Liverpool, At Wilmington.- The Eventide, from Liverpool. At New Orleans. -The Perthshire, the I. P. Whitney, and the American Union, aU from Liverpool. At Boston.-The 'William F. Storey, from Liverpool. At Bucksport. -The Island City and Colomo, both from Liver- gpooL _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ [The tUowinRg, by Electric Telegraph, appeared in our second edition of SaturdAy -3 SOUTHAMPTON, SATURDAY MOnMoG. The screwr steamer Indiana, Captain J. Baker, axriIved at Cowes last night, all well, with 132 passengers and a full general cargo. She proceeded on to London after coaling. *, The Indiana left New York on the 30th ullt. at 5 p.m., and, after being at sea a week, during which she encountered a succession of north-easterly gales and very bad weather, the captain determined on puttin into St. John's, finding the fuel .setting short. On the 8th and 9th it blew a heavy gale from the north-eastward. She arrived at St. John's at daylight on the 11th. The vessel wag in lat. 42.44 N., long. 524 W., when her course was shaped for St. John'x. She left again on the 3 3th, at 8 p.m., and has since had fair winds and weather. Ora the Gth iDst., in lat. 41.4 N., long. 67.52 W., the Indiana spoke the ship New Ferry, steering E.N.E.
THE PENINSULAB MAILS. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Gra. d,, Captain Tregear, arrived at Southamoton yesterdsy at 4 p.m., with the Peninsular mails, in charge of Lieu. tenant Irwin, R.N., Admiralty agent. She left Gibraltar on the 16th, at 6.20 p.m., Cadlz at 11 a.m. on the 17th, LIsbon at 10.30 am. on the 19th, and Vigo at 3.30 p.m. on the 21st. Outwards, on leaving Southampton, the Granada experienoed asewy gale from W.S.W., with squally andrainy weather; orosslug the bay, smore moderate; from Cape Tinisterre down the coast moderate and fine; easterly wind An the Straits of Gibraltar, On the homeward voyage she had moderate and fine weather to Cape St. Vincent's; strong nortberly winds from the Cape to Lisbon; very strong northerly winds and squally weather from Lisbon, with a westerly swelL No communication with Oporto. .Urom Vigo fresh northorly and north-easterly winds and heavy squalls, with very heavy long northerly and northwesterly swe]L In the Channel, strong B.S.E. winds, and squally. The Granada passed the company's steamer Tagus going out of Vigo Bay on the 21st at 9 a.m., and exchanged colours ith the Indus at 3p.m. on the22d, in Lat. 44.40 N., long. 8.16 W., under all sail. This steamer brings 16 first-class passengers, among whom Is Lieuteuant Hunter, of the 92d Regiment; 20 second-clas, including 13 non-commissloned officers of the Royal Artillery ; and six deck passengers. On freight she has three packages of specie, value 1,2951. sterling, and one package value 3,003,000rels; and acargo consisting of 60 half-chests of oranges. 291 boxes and 87 half-boxes of raisins, 300 boxes of figs, 25 barrels of currants, 2 baskets of melons, 26 boxes dried pluaws, 15 half.boxes of pomegranates, 7 baskets of chesnuts, 232 boxes of almonds, 140 boxes of eggs, and 17 packages of general merchandise. Private letters received at Gibraltar, dated from on board the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Madras, zear the Mlauritlus, the 9th of September, state that she was on her way to Calcutta, with the head- quarters o2 Her Majesty's 13th Light Infantry, commanded by Colonel Lord Oark Kerr. TheT had only two days' notice to quit the Cape for India. The second division of this gallant corps, under the conmand of MajorJohn WV'illiam Cox,was Hikewise on its way to the same destination to assist in quelling the mutinies. The arrival at Gibraltar of the Rhone steamer, and her colision with a Frenoh bark, were reported by the Ilipon atemer (see 7he 71imees of Friday). The Gibraltar Cl ronicle of the 16th publishes the following additional particulars:- " The vessel reported to have been in collision with the steamer Rhone is the bark Adolphe et Laure, Captain Razouls, from Marseilles, with a general cargo for Buenos Ayres. The Orient steamtug with some of the crew xtarted last nght, and the Government stoaintcg Redpole, 'with Captain aszouls, this morning, in quest of the bark, which was lost sight of after the collision. The following is the report of the captain of the lthone :-' At 9.30 p.m., Ootober 14, a sail wa reported on port bow; our helm, to make all sure, was ported. when we found, on the ahip approachiog, she had her helm to starboard. We directly stopped the enrines and reversed fall speed. In five minutes we came in co ison very softly. We stui kept the engines going astern, when the ship came before the wind and she cleared us. On examining our own ship I found the hull perfect, our only los being a jibboom, and that we had 19 people on board from the strange ship, leaving tWo on board.,'" The Granada left Lisbon on the 19th Inst., when the reports respeoting the fever varied little from those last reived. Many persons of importance had been carried off, induding three generals-Casal, Francos, and Rezende but the cases were principally confitned to the lower parts of the town and the banks of the river, the hiUs being com. parativeI7 free. The Lish.,n exchsanges by this packet are quoted for three months at 54} on London, with little doing and a scarcity of takers, the fever panic having rendered coUections from I theeshopkeepers difficult- Paris, 527 to 528; Hamburg, 48j; Amusterdam, 42;i; and Genoa, 52n, In stocks, also, business WdS suspended, the qnotations being for Three per Cents., registered., 47 to 47.b, Couponsi, 40.X to 47 * and Deferred, 28 to 283~; Bank of Portugal shares, 10^ to ll per enut. prenuiusn; and Bank of Oporto shares, 21 to 22 per cenu. premiium Our correspondent at Oporto writes as follows on the 18th:- "The exchange for tbis packet was done at 541 to i for ood local bills on London at 90 days' date. A good de;l of Brazil paper was offering. Money was very scarce, and a (uanity of bills remained over, some holders of which could have negoUated them a week back with greater (acilty and at a better rats of exchange. The moneymarket is in a manner partially deranged, oving to many houses in the capital being closed in consequence of the fever, and which as tended in a great measure to cause suspension of money tran-actions between the two ilaces. ueBsiness in general very slack, and in wine shipmrents harSy the usual routine is going on. There is souie stir in orange shipments, which are very dear, owiug to many speculators more than usual being In the n-arket; hut tbei e. abppears 's. be a want of shipping suitable for fruit. "Nothing fu2ther offering."
IRELAND. (WEOM OU> 0 OOOWNCO1PONDZNT.) [A portion of tho fOlOwing appeared iu our weaood edtol of Saturd&r:-1 DUBLIN, FstDiY MORrcr1ccG. OR&HOg MANIFESTO. The subjoinecl lengthy muanifesto, in the shape of an address of the centrai commaittee of the Grand Orange Lodge, was issued yesterday : "Dublin, Oct. 22. "A recentt epistle of the Irish.Lard Chancelor, addressed to a noble Marquis, lieutenant of the county of Dawn" although it will, in aIl probability, be braught under the' consideration of the Grand Oranige Lodge of Ireland at Its approaching annual meeting, yet seems in the meantime to demand a brief notice from the central committee. The object and purport of this manifesto is simple-disparaement of the Orange Society. It proposes tht plege-be &Iven by every gentleman desirous or willing to obTamns commission of the peace to the effect that he is not, and that during the tenureof themnagistracyhewiUlnotbeqzme anOrangeman. In ordinary states of society It is plain that such a pledge as this ought not to be exacted. The gentleman -who yieflds it abridges his own constitutional liberty as a condition on 'which he is to have authority given to him far maintaining the liberties of his fellow-subjects. He sets a precedent for further Invasions of personal freedoim, and acquiesces in the abasement of the: magisterial bench. He surrenders the r ight to exercise and be guided by his own discretion in a muatter which may suggest one of the most important questions in socia life, and in which the law leaves him tre. Constitutional liberty has been defined with authority, 'freedomn to do whatever the laws do not pr.ohibit.' It is an alarming sign of the times when the highest functionary appears to despise this constitutional maxim, and refuses to eural in the commission off the peace gentlemen whose qualification for the office may be altogethxer undeniable, unless they surrender their liberty to his unconstitutional control and submit their juidgment to his indiscretion. "1If the Chancellor couldi appeal to any law which authorime the imposition of his new test, no doubt he would have sheltered his despotism unider the cover of a legal authority ; and if the iznvasion of freedom be altogether his aim he may put forth another test in the year Ifin, should he succeed in enforc-ing that of 1857. and may thus in time render the magistracy in Ireland an office 'which no man of Independence and integrity can consent to take upon him. The Chancellor's defence of his irregularity we state in his own war&q:-- 11IIn reference generall'y to ap)pointments to the commIsson of pease.for the oouu.ty ot Down, ana acme other counties In the north of Ireland, I fee oblijed. by recet eveuts, to introduoe contdition, which wtem to me imseatiysly called for, with a view to the maintenance ofpublic tranquilUiy. Your Lardship ism o doubt,well aware of the aoenee of turbulence and riototus outrage which have so lang pervaded the town of Blelfast. Whatever party may have been to blame for the acts which more Immediately led to these dlrgracsful tumults, It tartly manifest that they have sprung from pasty feelings excited on the recurrence of certain anniversaries which for year hare been made tbe occAsion of irritaftig demonsteations, too oftea attended by violatifon of the puablio r.eaea, and dan Carous and sometimes fata pasty conflicts. The Orange Society Is mainly Instrumental In keeping up this excitement; and, notwltbstanuding the proceedings respecting thAt waesslatioa whicht are now matter of history, and tn counsquence Of which it wag supposed that It wOuld have been doa-1y dimolved, It attm appears to rmaint an extensively organze-d body, with bot acme changes of aystem and rultes, under which It is alleged to be swure from any legal prosecutcon. However that may be, It Is r.Iear et that the existence of this soeety and the) conduct of many of those who belon)g to it tknd to keep up, throuigh large districts of the north, a spirit of bitter and factious hoetility amusg large classes of Her Majestys subjecta, and to produoe violent aulmcels,y and aggression. It is impossible rizghty to regard an assocIation such so ihis as one which aught to 1oeele countenance tsom any in authusity who are responsible for the preservation2 of the publio peace; and, however eorne individuals of rak who hold her MYajeaty's corn,rWo ino my think they can reconcile the obligations of thea office with the soutinuing In membership with, the Orsogs Society, it doe" appear to me that the lInterests of the Public peace, at lesast in the north of Iceland, require thAt no such encoDUrage. ment sbould be given to this society by the appointment of any gentlemnan to the commission who im or intends to become a imember of ii. Intending the rule to ha of geneaml applicatio n, I think It sight to ask fromn eyery gentleman the auzauce that he Is not, nor will, whle ehe blda tbe oommia,ion of the peace, bconme a member of the Orange Society. I think it right to inform your Lordship that, in exivresaing the foregoing opinions and determination, I doaso with the entire concurrence at his Excellency7 the Lord-Lieutenant. "1In this statement the Chancellor affirnis that he I feels obliged by recenxt events to introduce in appointments to the commission of thepae conditions which seemi to him imperatively callx for.' He alleges that ' scenes of turbulence and riotouis outrage have long prevailed in the town of Belfast,'-' that they have sprung from party feelings,' &c. The circumstances under 'which these allegations have been made justify us In observing that, in adverting to them, his Lordship has been betrayed into a precipitAncy unbecoming his character and station. The disorders with 'whilch he alleges Belfast was disquieted have heen madothe subject of a solemn and searchi-ng inquisition. Comamissioners appointed by the Crown 'were for 16 days eingaged in inquirnn into their cause and nature. Bad the high functionar w o presides over the law in this country shown the forbearance usually found in legal functionarieshad he made his decree or delivered his charge after hearing, evidence, he would have better observed the proprieties of his place, and wouild have pronounced, we venture to affirma, a wiser judgment, He 'would at lemst have learnt from the evidence takent before the commissioners that while it wan true Belfast 'wag disturbed by acts of outrage and disorder, 'which had aprnmg from party feelings, the charge he pgrefers agi%inst the Orange Society 'was not only not proven, but was directly contrary to the evidlence. "' 9The Orauge Society,' writes the Chancellor, 'is mainly in3strumental in keeping ump this exeitement?-.naniely, ' the excitement attendant anx the recurrence of certain anniversaries,' This isa charge contradicted by evidence t-aken in Belfast, and one of those which rests only on vulgar and unaccedited rumour. The fact Is, the 'Ourange animiversariese,' as they are called, 'were kiept for a long period before Omangeissm had existence. The fact Is that in the interval in which the Orange Institution had been dissolved and was in abeyanice they were kept more ostentatiously than they have been of late; and the fact is, that the interference of the Orange Society in the government or ordering of them has been successfully directed in the removal from them of every incident at which loyal subjects of any party or denomination could rationallytake offence. VWe have alluded to the period at which the Orange Society had been in abeyance. The Lord Chancellor, pronouncing judgment upon the body, although this incident was given in evidence In Belfast, does not appear to have been aware of it. ' Notwithstanding,' wIte hsLrhi,teproceedings respecting that soeiety which Are niow mnatter ofhistory, and in cause- n eno of which It was supposd it would have been finally =islved, it stil appears to remain an extensively organized body, with hut some changes of systemi and rules, under which it is alleged to be secure froma legal prosecution.' We would commend thi 'matter of history' to general attention, and wish earnestly the Chancellor himself 'would receive instrusction from it. What Is the historic episode to which his Lordship seems to allude, without an adequate knowledge of its character It. Is to this effect :-A resolution was passed in the House of Commons adverse to the Orange Socety, and the society submitted to what it felt to be a necessity imposed uponloyal men. It dissolved. " This act of dutiful1 submission to the supposed wil of the Crown took placein the yearl1836. For nine yearsthe Protestants of realiand left themiselves dependent for protection an the Government of the country. The experiment 'was, as maight have been anticipated, a failure. G3overnment was noet able to protect them. After the painful experienxce of this dreary period, persecuted men began to think of pro. them. After much thought they recnstructed the Orange Soit,correcting in its constitution everything to 'which the llaw took exception. A citation from evidence taken at the recentocommiaejonin Belfast 'will revive in many a mind a rmemrace f he isracedperodto which we have allded Te Erlof nnskile lahewitnessfrom 'whose enterinto n exminaton o the videce tae 0n htccaton,emienly avorabe s i istothe Orange Society, 'Can your Lordship tell us what was the state of the north at ireland during the interval between the dinsolution of the socety and lit revivallinulM?le iareplywas- "' ITwo years previous to lbs reorgaization, the whole distric t o C-van,Le,ltrim. sad all thst Pert of thaeocountry wwes overrun by "Molly Mlaguires and very large parties of P,ibandmen.' " In the episude of Orange history to 'which the Chancellor has directed our attention (without, It appears, having attended to it himself) the character of our society is ex hibited. We ace asked by some, 'What good end has IT, achieved?' We are asked by the more sordid,I What benefit has it conferred on2 its memabers ?' 'Has the society been able t-o accomplish or prevent any great political measure?' 'Ers it enabled its members to attain any high political or social distinction?I We are not careful to answer such inquiries. b,ufficient for us to say, the Orange conifederation has proteced rights oft property andl person ; it has contributed to the maintenance of domestic peace and puxblic well-being. Wherever it has been powerful the country has been at peace, and persons of all' religious persuasions have been safe unider its protection. Wherever lawlessness, outtrage, sa nd urder have held their eaturnali Orangeimn has been feeble and unknown. This is our saswer to those who prefer a taunting accusation against us. Before Orangeism came into existenos counties in UlIster were in a stato of more sanguinary disorder than has disgraced the most lawless southern county since. In 1797 Orangeismr'was consolidated and its strength has been chiefly in the north. And we unhe'sitatingly ask, 'What has been the stateAof the.countie "Atatime so eventfal thosesolemnly intrusted with the guardianship of the iDstitution are bound to remember that what belongs to Irish Orangeism will be regarded as affeoting the sympathies of Orangemen of Great Bntain, the colonies, and other parts of the world. To this great body we would avow wvhat we know will ba universally reeponded to by tham, that now, more than ever, our anxiety for the safety and welfare of the British empire is to be shown. We knowfull well the duty of loyalty to our revered monarch. and 'we feel too deeply because of the deplorable disasters in India to permait precipitancy or indiscretion in any portion of the Exeoutive to recall us from the duty of sustaining, by every possible way, the rights af the throne and the deliverance of tho oppressed. We utterly repudiate and abhor all sentimments which woulld inculcate indifference or disloyalty, or 'which would narrowr or pervert the streams of national benevolence ou behalf of our much afficted fello w-subjects, men, womien, amid children, in that distant portion of the empire. We would hold it utterly nuworthy of our high calling and of our Scriptufal principles to seek to avail ourcelves at such a tinie of any other mode of protection or ralif than such as is tn be found in the dignified assertton of the rirhts * f the Queen's subjects, and iu the verdict vbich we f'arls-s'lv demand in our behalf from all independent and intelligent men. " We have learnt with numixed satishfation that this verdict has already many sufages from parties whose vfe wYs hI herto were n nowise ceeMenial with those of Orangamen: and they declare that -t no forme" time did tae Orange Instituition stand on so firm a basis- orshare a mrao,e honoUQua lhchr tha4 !A Co=QXIQLWitb t148 late IA, oniry in Belft. Great prise is aasu-aly due and wi be given by all bearing the Orage namu to Abn,ighty God for the honour ahed upon our natitutioii at a tib, when ita adversies did not hesitate to prr1oatidte its downfall and annihilation; and we doubt not e*4 Almighty God,if we be faithful to iim and toourr edpziuCpIeP, will suBtain us under every trial and ewpIoy us, as of old, when sought, courted, and even edby the Government. we were found the best and surestdefeaders of the realm. The Oentral committee deem It right thus for to notice recent occurrences, leaving it to the superior authorities of the body to deal further with them as they in their wisdom may, by God's blessing, deem adu vis&ble. They have not touched on suggestions and arguments so extensively and defensively supplied by the public press, and especiaUy by that portion of the press whikh has no congeniality in oommon with the Orange Institution. It is remarkable from how many quarters the obnoxious letter of the Chancellor has been stigmatized as unworthy of the constitution or of thehigh position of the writer. Weare are thatevenbeforethatletterwa6 rashlyconocmted andpublished many influential persons announced their desire of couneoting themselves with the Orange Institution, because of their being convinced it was their duty to do so after the disclosures of the Belfast inquiry. That such parties have been confirmed in their intention by the unhappy escapade of the Chancellor is but natural * even yet a retreat is open to him by his honestly acknowleAgIng his error, recalling his unconstitutional mandate, and by future recognition of the principles, services, and importance of the society he has assailed. We now leave the matter humbly and hopefully in the hands of Him who reigns and holds human hearts in lis hand, and wvho ever ordereth all things for His honour and glory. "EDWARD WALLER, Chirman." TBHE MONETARY PrRESSORE. A comramercial letter, dated Belfast, Wednesday evening, and published in the Derry Standard of yesterday, observes:- I" Eight per cent. as the minimum rate of discount at the Bank of England.' So vibrated the wires of the electrio telegrAph in the afternoon of Monday last, startling the quiet mien of our Stock Exchange, and sending a not of alarm into the counting-houses of our merchants. What the effect of this famine price for cash may be on the traders of the maiden city your correspondent cannot undertake to conjecture, but on the commercialists of the Northern Athens the result will be to put the break on the mercantile locomotive, and crush transactions into a oorner. It is very strange-in fact unaccountable, that while the financial affairs of Ireland are in the healthiest state ever recollected, while commerce Is sound, and banking istitutions are prosperous, there should be such a terrible pressure on the Bank of England. There is no want of any of the elen2ents of prosperity across the Channel; yet, in the midst of advancing facilites for the ceation of wealth, the discounts have been forced ua to a point unequalled sdnce the celebrated oriis of Octobsi, 1847." Of the effects of some of the recent failures across the Channel on the trde of Belfast the same writer says:- "T The cotton trade is very dull. A large houseIn Glasgow, extensively engaged in sewing in the country, has suspended payment, aud, as the firm gave labour to several thousands of hands in Ireland, the loss to many poor people wl be enormous. This disstrous fatlure wi prove a great crush to Ireland's cotton trade, and it would be well iw e should never again have such a monstermanufactory in the country. Had the business done by this house been divided between 40 well-working firns, the trade, the public, and more especially the mercantile world, would have benefited as much as it will suffer by theee rash and incautious manufacturers. The linen trade is very quiet. In seven public markets last week there were150tons of flax, fally one-fourth of which was left unsold, holders in most cases refusing to accept the terms offered by buyers." The following, uponi the same subjects, is from the Baonner of Ulster:- "In these days of monetary prewsur, when the Bank of England puts on its screw and gives lt an extra turn, there is something peculiarly gratifying in the satisfactory state of Ireland's banking establishments. Never before were the joint-stock banks of this country so strong, so prosperous, or so influential as they are at present. Seven years ago, viz., in October, 1850, Ireland's note circulation only amounted to 4,950,0001., and the gold held by all the banks was 1,232,0001. The last returns show the paper circulation at 6,497,0004, and the gold at 2,270,000., or nearly twice the amount of bulion held in October, 1i50. Some erroneous ideas relative to one of the Belfast banks have been abroad for the last two or three days. It was stated that the concern in question had been larey connected with the house of Macdonald and Co., of Glasegow. This report we rmeet with a fiat contradiction. The firm alluded to did all its banking business in Glasgow chiefly, it is said, with the Western Bank; and, beyond the mere payment of cash orders, no bank in Belfast had any conLexion with Macdonald and Co. The Belfast banks, one and all, are at this moment enjoying remarkable prosperity, and their stock of gold exceeds the highest amount ever before held at those institutions." The Waterford MVIail states that the hon. member for the borough of Youghal (Mr. L Butt) is at present at Vienna, "intrusted by Lord Palmnerston with a secret diplomatic mision." TEF. AAIRALTY PROVZION CONTRACT. The following particulars are extracted from the EvexinSg Post:- " We learn from our London coepondent that the tenders sent in on the 15th to the Admiralty for navy beef and pork were very large, and at wide variations in price; pork, it is said, from 81 to 111. per tierce, and beef at from 71.15s. to 101. 5s. per tierec. Tho prices are conddered sir. We believe the average of the prices acoepted to befor pork, 91. 7s. 6d. to 91. 10g., and for beef 74 18s d, to 8t. 10s. A considerable portion of the beef was taken by a Hamburg house, the principal of -which (Mr. Keating) is an Irishman. We have not yet learnt the exact quantity allotted to the courers of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limern k. A considerable portion of the pork haa been taken in Belfa8t at prices we believe somewhat under the average above stated, owing to the lower price of pigs in the northern districts." M%AYN'OTH COLLE,W At the meeting of the trustees held on Tuesday the board appointed the Rev. Matthew Kelly, D.D., Professor of Belles Lettres, to the chair of Ecclesiastical History, rendered vacant by the promotion of Dr. Russell to the distin2guinshed position of Preeident. The concursvis for the chair of Beles Lettres has been fixed by the board for the 28th of December next. THE TrPPERABY BANK. The creditors of this unfortunate swindle assembled yesterday at 12 o'clock at the office of Master Murphy, Court of Chancery, to select an official assignee, or assipnees, under the Act passed last session to facilitate a complete settlement and winding up of the affairs of that most unfortunate concern. There was a numerous attendance. After some routine proceedings, Mr. Patrick Stephenson, of Fairbrook, county of Waterford, proposed that the Earl of Bessborough and Mr. John G. Arnstrong, of the Bank of Ireland, should be appointed joint official assignees, to act in conjunction with Mr. George M'Dowell, the offlcial manager representing the shareholders, in carrying out the provisions of the Act of last session. The Rev. Dr. Howley, parish priest of Tipperary, seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously, and the proceedings terminated. EMIGRATION STATISTICS. Commenting upon the official returns lately Issued by the Registrar-General of Ireland, the Derry Standacrd (a leading Presbyterian organ) thus su-ms iup the result:- "Last year the numbers who left Ireland, as noted in the Government returns, were 65,766, and this year there has been a net increase of 6,240 emigrants. Since the lIst day of May, 1851, to the 1st oS September, 1857, the collective emigration from Ireland has amounted to 910,966 persons-viz., 460,640 males, and450,326 females, or within a fraction of atotat million of the Irish population I If Her Most Gracious Majesty had only a moderate selection from this half-mill ion of sturdy Patlanders to fight the Sepoys in India the British arms in that country wouldbeina different position from that whieh they hold at present. What is worse, the great bulk of this eungrant populatlion, whether belonging to the north or to the south, having been forced by aristocratic misrule to renounce the country of their fathers, carry with them to other lands the bitterest enmity against British rule and everything conrected with it; and generations must elapse ere this treasured vengeance can entirely die out. It is only, for example, a few weeks ago that the Irish emigrants in New York held a monster meeting in that city for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the Indian Sepoys in their attempted'revolution, and of encouraging them in the destruction of British power in India.' THE FUNDS, Three Per Cent. Coneols, 88 871; ditto for aceount, Nov. 10, 87T 88; New Three per Cent. Stock, 88 1.i, ditto for account, Nov. 10, 88i i ; Bank Stock, 22A; Na. tional Bank of Iroland, 251. paid, 36; Royal Boaik of Ireland, 101. paid, 2l2; Grand Canal Company, 1001. paid, 36; Mining Company of Ireland, 71. paid, 141. PAwllays. -Dublin and Kingatown, 1001. paid, 160 ex. div.; ditto, for account, 160 ex. div.; Duidalk and Ennizk&llen, 304 paid, 12a; ditto, for account, 12., Great Southern and Western ('paid in full), 201. aoont, 17P 18-; Midland Great Western and Royl Canal, 504 pud, 48; Waterford and Limernck, S per cent. pref., 50l. paid, 44. DUBLIN, SATURDAY MORNUM.u THlE ORANGE DEBnBYr1E SCISM. The open and advised condemnation of Orangelam either as a political or religious system published in two or three consecutive nurabers of the Dublin orgau of the Derbyites has created a perfect hurricane of angry remonstrance throughout the length and breadth of Orangeland. From Dublin to Ennis-I killen there is a cry of treachery raised not merely against the offending journal but against parties sitting in the upper seats, who have more or les fallen under the suspicion of tacit acquiescence in the newly promulgated views of the Protestant position in Ireland. It is understood that last night copies of printed placards were forwarded from Dublin for circulation In Enniskiren, where Mr. Napier and Mr. Vhiteside are at present engaged in delivering a course of lectures for the instruction of the townsapeople. In this document those hon. and leaned gentlemen are, it is said, called upon to deelare explicitly before the men of Ferrnanagh -whether c t Lo they approve the policy which vwotl offer up the Orange institution a a peace-offering at the cbrine of mere Derbyism or, Protestantism minus the old party cries and cherished fancy colours. Such, at leaat, is the reported substance of the placard's contents, but in the absence of a copy the recise words can by no means be vouched for. Meanwhile the reputed organ of the Irish ex-officials of the brief Government of Lord Derby returns thi5 mnorningi to the assault upon the Gtra-nge bulwarks, and, after hammering away at the recent 1re ary anifesto of the Central Grand Iodge, olows up the indictment againist the Orange system in these termn :_ "We grant that Orangeism is the antithesi of Ribandism. A MOrning eontemporary was recently guilty of a foul calumny and a wlful misxepresentation in placing them on a level. It is not only an insult to the members of the Orange SoOcety-it is an outrage on common sense for any ournl to compare it with the infamous combination of Assassins caUed the Riband Society,-a secret, invisible, but ubiquitous organization, which evades the vigilance of the police-a crimnal fellowsh'likhthemeanest man in the country would repi dateit fearadshamne. But.while we regard ath indionation the comparison in question as reckleisly and atrosly fdsc and insulting, we must say that we cannot see how the Orange Society is calIculated to putt down the Riband Society. Is it by turing out armed and patrolling the roads In the night9 Could not the plice do that? Is it br keeping a surveillance on the Rihaud lodges? Is not that the proper work of detectives ? Is it by asistiu, to bring the cruninals to justice? That is the duty of every mnember of society, sand the interest. of every mnan who has Anything to lose. As a matter of fact, what was it that put down Ribandism and outrage in the districts in question? Was it not done by specil commissions? That iswas it not done by the constitution, even when that constitution wns worked partly by Roman Catholic functionaries-by a Roan xCatholic judge and a Roman Catholic Attorney-General? Is it just, then-we do not say is it loyal and constitutional-but is it just and true to affirm, as th manifesto does, that Government is unable to protect life and property, and thAt 'pesecuted men' must provide for themselves 'some better security than the lAw afforded them? Is it true that-not the constitution-but the Orange Confederation has protected the rights of property and person,' and that ' persons of all religious persuasions have been afe under its protection? Have the continental enemiee of the British oonstitution ever said anything of it worae than ths ? To thisimpeachrment of our constitutional form of Qovernment true? Then give us despotism in pro. ference ! Give us any system under which the constituted authorities protect life and 'property, and do not leave soolet,r under the protection of a self-constituted fnfederation, x which the rest of the population recognize no lawful authority, human or divine, and who, if they act at all, must act in violation of the laws of the land, and in con. tempt of the legitimate tribunals, unless they hope to accomplish their objects by party songs and cries of ' No As a conclusion to the stormy chapter in the annals of Orangeism, it is announcede in the friendly organs of the society that a circular has been isued by the Grand Secretary, stating that the Earl of Enniskillen, as Grand IXMter has ordered a special meeting of the Grand LoAge of Ireland to be held in Dublin on Tuesday, Nov. 3, to adopt such measures as may be deemed expedient for the vindication of the institution in the present state of affairs. Lord Carlisle, the Irish Chancellor, and aU Derbyites of the vacillating order, may therefore be prepared for squalls. THE INDIAN EEIrIF FMN D. Irish sympathy, though manifested rather tardily, is becoming more general, and it is to be hoped that the thunders of Cardinal and Legate, notwithstanding the financial result, will show that this country is no more indifferent to the sufferings of our fellowsubjects in India than the people of England and Scotland. Belfast and Waterford met last week, and other localities will no doubt speedily follow the example. At the latter meeting two letters were read from unwilling absentees, which deserve a passing notice. The first was from Captain Henry Meagher, of the Waterford Artillery, formerly an officer in the Pope's body-guard, and brother of Mr. Thomas Francis Meagher of the Sword. This gentleman, apologizing for his absence by reason of the pressure of regimental duty, thus expresses his sentiments:- "I am indeed grtified-I am proud to think that our county and city regiment took the initiative in this manifestation of generous, chivalrous, and loyal feeling by for. warding Immedtately on their embodiment their contribution to the funds now lbeing raised for the relief of the poor Tnoimrn of the most atrocious ocrelties which ever excited the indignation of civilized raan. I earnestly trust that the meeting of our fellow-citizens on to-morrow will be worthy of the occasion, and will satisfy these who would accuse us of the contrary that the Irish people still cherish that prompt, generous sympathy of foelng which we so proudly clam as one of the national characteristics." Thu second letter was from the Very Rev. E. N. Hloare, Dean of Waterford, who took occasion to correct some of the Cullen-Wiseman mistatements with regard to the disposal of the Crimean Patriotic Fund:- - " I trust (says the Dean) there will be perfect unanimity at the meeting, and that members of all classes and creeds wil come forward on the occasion-the object being the Yelief of sufferers of different classes and religious denominalons, among whom I feel confident the funds so raised wil be honestly and impartially distribuaed, of which if I ha any doubt I for one would not contribute a shilling. With respect to the Patriotic Fund, and the method of its distribution, I doubt not much misapprehension exists by confounding it with a fund raised at a prior date for the Itmmediate relief of the widows and orphans of soldiera who feU in the war in the Crimea. The fund to which I refer wa rased chiefly by subcsriptions made in the Protestant churches on the day of humiliation and prayer in Avril 1854. This fund was chiefly distributed through the Pro testant clergy, by whose exertions it was for the most part raised. But, while the dispensers of this charity were gene. rally Protestants, the recipients of ic were Protestant and Roman Catholic without distinction, the great majority in Ireland being of the latter. The Patriotic Fund is not dispensed through the clergy of any creed, bat generally through the staff offioers by whom the pensioners are Moraiizing upon English opinion with respect to Irish feeling at the present crizs,theNarthemn Wig observes:- " There has been great tardiness in the Irlsh resoonse to the Appeal fromn London for a fund to relieve the Earopean sufferers in the Indian tragedy. Town after town in England and Scotland hurried tocontribute. The movement in Ireland was very languid when it did commenoe. The Dablin meeting was a very small one, and the subscriptions have not been on a very generous scale, as we may judge from the published lists. In Belfast we are at the heels of the rest of the country, and the mayor yesterday could not collect a hundred of our citizens into the town-hall to start the subscription. All this has been watched and judged to our disadvantage. But the English do not think that our feeling is one of apathy merely. Dr. Cal!en's unfortunate and foolish letter, attaching conditions to the distribution of the fund, could only be vievred as intended deliberately to embarrass the collection of the muchneeded money. In vain the Roman Catholic gentry send in their rnoney and repudiate the lead of a prelate whose political action is inconveniently morbid, and intensely Italfin in Its point of vieer. It has gone forth, thanks to their press and their pulpit, that the Roman Catholtcs of Ireland do not Intend to co-operate in the Indian Relief Fund, and that, as to Indlan matters generally, they are rather indifferent to the British emergency. It is possible, and we hope It Is probable, that the Roman Catholic citizens with means in Belfast will show their sense of the stupidity of Dr. Cullen, and join heartily In the effort to which the Mayor has offliiaUly invited the whole Community. We suspect, however, that the misunderstanding in England ill not ver easily be re. moved, and for this we are far more disposed to blame the sour prelate thau the silly newspapers. That Dr. Cullen is a complete monk, utterly unfit for the world's ways, haa been sufficiently proved by his untimely stipulationx, when the question was of food and raiment, with regard to the contingent Catholicism of the sinallclothes and the inci. dentl Protestantism of the soup; and we do trust to find his "ettlness rebuked as emphatically by the traders of his faith in the north of Ireland as it has been by Roman Catholic noblemaen and gentlemen both here and in Enrgland." ipajr DMt&DFUL 3RER 12 UPPEFY. Accounts have reached town announcing that Mr. Ellis, a Scotchman, was Aot dead near Templemore on Thursday nigaht last. He had shortly before arrived by train at that station from Maryborough, and was on his way home to Dovea when he was met by a man armed with a pis7oL The assan, it is said, discharged the contents of his weapon in the region of the ill-fated gentleman's heart. There were others present at the time. Mrf. Ellis was agent to Itr. Trant, of Dovea, and purchased sorae property in that neighbourhood, which is ramoured to be the cause of his assasnation. He also rented the farm of Meelick, near Mountmelick, in the Queen's County, M.t which place he spent the most part of last Thursday. ATrrisrT TO ASSASSUAM A morning paper (the Bxpress) publishes the following letter, dated Tralee, Thursday:- "This morning accounts reathed town from Whitefield, abDut 15 miles from this, the residence of The M'Gilcuddy, that that venerable and highly estimated gentleman had a very narrow eseape of beingsbot. It appears that a farmer named eba Dcyle a tenant of The M'Gilicuddy, lodged a sum of 401. with hin. some time ago for safe keeping, and came to Whitefield yesterday evenixg for 41 of this money. He met the l'Gillicuddy asar the house and asked him fer this sum, and that gentleman desired him to come in and tahe it all, as he did ,ot li-e to be troubledwith it As they came Into the ofce The !'GilHlcuddy perceivea the raan fnumling with sinethlag in his side coat poket, and fortately observed him drawing out a pistol, vpich he attimped at once ibe seize, and i the act of doing so its conteats, which it is stated were duck shot, passeA between the gentlemnu 's le,s. Doyle was Immediately seued, and! tbo police from Beaufort, about two miles off, bai2g sent for, be was conveyed to the Killarney Asylum, ho having been fnfod to be insaie, If the man's intelljek had not been jaffeced he never would have attempted 4uch an aot, The ,1!Gililcuddy is a wealthy resident gent)Jcnn, looked on by the people of his distr;ot as their bee.c dviser and fiil, and such is tha confidence roposed in him, showing at the gPAI e tin lq urbani 4 tht the poor people who ,A unall Eth- from America are Constantly entreating Mmn to receive them for them." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Conwsol, 88, 87*.- ditto, for sccount November 10, 87i, 88, o87; ditti o r New Accor*t, Deoienber 9, 88j, 4; New Three' per c6nt. Stwock, 8Sf ; dWo, for account November 10, 89E , i; ditto for now. account, December 8, 88~; Bank Stock 232-P; Royal Bank of Ireland (le. paid) 21i; City S Dttbft fteatm 1Ol. paid), 7B. Patriotic Is upmnce (1O. paid), 6.3. Ralax-ok Blackcrock, and Peaaage (22M paid). 11; Great zIoutbern and Western Stook (1CM. paid>, 9e ; Great Southern and dWesen Stock, 4 per cent, preference, paid in full (.), 18; Midland Great Western and Rloyal Canal (504. paid), 471; ditto Half Shame, (251. paid), 23k~.
THE NATIONAL GALLEBRY. The following new pictures will be exhibited at the National Gallery on its reopeniing thia day :- "No. 226. Sandro Botticelli, b. 1447, d. 1515. Tusa gchool. ' The Virgin and Child, SL John the Baptist and Angels.' "No. 227. Cosimo-RosselE, b, 1489, iving 1506. Tascao school. 'St. Jerome, with SaintFu Damasus and Eus2biuc, Paala and Eustochia; with Postraits of Girolamo Bucellai and "s Son. An altar piece, with predelja.' "No. 228. Jacopo BassamoX b. 1510, d. 1592. Venetian school. ' Christ drivig the Xoney-changers out of the Temple.' "N No. 290. John Van Eyck, b. 1390.5, d. 1441. Flemish EchooL 'A Man's Portrait, in a red overcoat and green head-dress."' "No. 29L Lucas Cranach, b. 1472, d. 1553. German school. 'Portrait of a Lady in a red dress."' " No. 292. Antonio Pollayolo, b. about 1430, d. 1498. Tsaan schooL. 'The AsIatyrdom of St. Sebastian'-a large altar-piece. " No. 293. Filippino Lippi, b. 1460, d. 1505. Tuscan, echool. "'he Virgin and Child, St. Jerome and St. Domenic.' An altar-piece, with predella. " No. 294. Paolo Verommee, b. 1528, d. 1588. Venetian school. ' The Family of Darius at the feet of Alexander after the Battle of Issus, B.C. 333.' The magnificent picture lately purchased at Verice." At Marlborough-house the finished Tarner drawings have been removed, and a selection of 228 sketches of his various periods haa been arranged for exhbition in their stead.
GREAT STEAM PLOUGH TBrAL AT STIRBLING. An important meeting of agriculturists has just been held at Stirlig to adjudicate the Highland and Agricultural Society's preium for the best steam plough. Recently, uais well known, ateaim-ploughing has formed an attractive feature at agroultural societies' atherings,-Mr. Boydell's locomotive engne, with Its " endless railway," Mr. Smith's ultivator, and Mr Fowler's plough (both hauled by wire ropes, windlass, and anchored-pulleys), having been exhib,ited in wvork to crowvds of farmers and sightseers; but only on one occasion has a prize been awarded, namely, at the Yorkshire Agricultural Society's meeting, when Mr. Boy. dell's engine, the only invention there competing, was thus honouredby the judges The Salisbury triaLs, unsatisfactory as they were, have not yet been pronounced upon by the Royal Agrioultural Society and it Is gratifying to find that the Scotch farmers, who adopted the thrashing-machine of Meikle, took the lead in the improvement of ploughs, ap. plied the discoveries of Deanaton Smith, and firt found the advantage of every farrmstead having its steam chimney, ar fore-most in giving their deliberate sanction to the steam plough as a means of better and more profitable husbandry. Lasst year the Stirling General Agricultural Association practicaly tested the capabilities of a method of steam oulture invented by Mess Fisken, of A bchterarder, by which a oommon portable steam engine stationed in the field is employed to drive a traveUling implement by means of a rapidly-moving hemp cord suspended above the ground, And a fixed wirerope, along which the ploughing machine winds Ite way. In a remarkably fair and considerate report the committee stated that, although defective in several mechanical details, this ingenious apparatus fully demonstrated the value of its principle of action, one of their chief grounds of approval being its adaptation for working any tilage implement beside the plough, while the engine may be suitably employed in thrashing, or any farm miDwork whatever, thts being realy calculated to dispense with onethird of the farmer's horses. This year a prize of 2001 has been offered by the Highland Society, leaving the oommittee of the Stirling Association to conduct the trials and adjudication. The three days of private trial began on TuesdAy, followed by a public exhibizion on Friday and Saturday upon ir. Forrester's far:n at Stewart-hall, the judges being Mr. Henderson, of Banks Mr. Patterson, of Offers; assisted by Mr. Miller, of MinfieldZ as engineer, while Mr. Finnie, of Swanston, Mr. Gibson, of Woolmet, andl Mr. HaU Maxwell the secretary, were present on behalf of the Eighland Society. A considerable competition was anticipated, specially as the three favourite clases of schemes, represented by a locomotive traction-engine, a traveDing engine with rotary digger attached, and haulage by wire-ropes, are now taken in and by our most influential manufacturers. However, owing to a variety of vausee, -Mr. Fowlei's steam plough alone made its appearsuce,-an unfortnnate circumstance for the public, as m spite of the prolonged and thorough testing to which the maohine was subjected the element of simultaneous comparison has been entirely wanting. This mchine is similar in construction to that shown at Salisbury, though with minor improvements ; the combined 10-horse engine And windlass at one end of the field, and an anchorage at the other, travelling very slowly, so as to keep always opposite to the ploughing, and dragging the implement to and fro by means of wire ropes. The ground under operation on Wednesday was a level clover lea, of tenaious coarse land, in an unfit state for ploughing unDtil mellowed by frost before the usual ploughing season of February. Yet, the quality of the work was superior to that of ploughing done by horses for the sake of comparison At 5, inches deep two horses were unable to work a, eomn mon plough, three being required at an expense of at least 15s. per acre. Tried against time, first for two hours and again for one hour, the steam plough drove four furrows at that depth at the average rate of seven acres in a working day oflO hours, stoppages included, the length of the furrows being 330 yards. The total cost was computed not to exceed 95. per cre, and in order that this estimation may be understood the following particulars are given i-Tnkig the average size of the fields to be about 17 acres, there will be 2A days' work and one removal of the nmohinery for each flild, each removal occupying half a day, so that two fields, or 34 acres, will be the amount of work for one week. The daily expense of coal, oil, water, and labour is reckoned at 35. ' the two shlftings require four horses half a day each time, costingsay, 20s., but a deduction of-say, 1Os. may be made for the two half days' saving of fuel, water carrying, &c. Then, for wear and repairs, of course much depends upon the number of days worked Annually and the soft or stony character of the country; but, taking the outlay required at 1201. perannum, and the time of working 30 weeks, wehave the heavy item of 41. per week, Adding these various sums and dividinR by the number of acres ploughed weekly we et 9s. as the utmost coat of the heavy land work re- CQre to. On Thursday the machine was tried on somewhat lighter soil, A wheat stubble partly overspread wish farmyard manure, The length of furrow varied from 220 to 236 yards, thus necessitating frequent changing of widening gear, &c., at the ends of the work, which, however, were acoomplished in an average space of half a mainute, In one boulr n 1 an acre vws turned over seven inches deem; with the aoovesbited bconditions as to dimensions of fiel &c., this is equivalent to about 48 acres per week, at a total expense of only o^s Sd per acre, whereas the rommon cost in the district of such laborious pair-horse ploughing is 12s. an acre. The exceUence of the work was, however, still more the theme of universal approval than the great economy with which It wars performed. A trenching plough, taking only two furrows' breadth, hut lifting up a stratum of subsoil and laying it upon the buried top-slice, was also tried, And the effect of its action was considered equal to that of manual digging, vwhether for depth, which averaged 12. inches, or for the complete pulverization of the dry soil by the rapid progress of the implement. To perform snch work by horse-power would cost, it is satd, 359. per are; that is, if it could be done at alL But the steam-plough, without trampning or injuring the soil or subsoil, effected nearly half an acre of this deep trenohing in an hour; or say 2 acresper week, at a totl cost of 13s, 9d, per acre, On Friday And Saturday a considerable concourse of spectators assembled in the various trial-fields, the many farmers and landowners present expressing themselves rith one voice as afully persuaded not only of the profitableness of the steam-plongh, but- of the great vaue of its work over th t done by horsa-teams. Nz. Fowler has been fortunate in at last obtainig a sufficict trial, in a suitable district, by men of business thoroughly intent upon doing justice to anovelty likre the stesm-englne in plough harneass; and whether or not the Highland Society may withhold its reward for want of greater competition, there is no dubtthstthejndg.s report, afher another day's trial at Edinburgh, will thoro ly awaken the agrcultural pubhc to the great advances which have lately been made in stam culture
G >BtL HAvLCK-At a mneetLBg of the Hibernian Bible Society held in Belfast on Tnesday last the Rev. 7ir. £&raham, of Bonn, mentioned this fact :--e had to tell them that General Havebouk, who Is now so. distingihed in hdia, altholgh a BAtis was a member of his (Mr. Grahaan's) missionary church ab Bonn, and his wife and daughter were membeiw of it for seven yeas He could Aso narte az. aneciote regardzn2 that great and &ocA mDan, which he lad he%rd from the lips of lady Have. loek. When Genera Havelock, as colonel of his regiment, was travelling through In&lA he aW&3.a book with kim a Bethbl tent, in whisa li pre&cked the gospel; and vwhen Sunday came in 3dia ba usialy hoisted the Bethel f'ag, and itTited all men to come and hear the gospel-in fact, he evsi baptized sbe. He was reported for this at headquarters, for acting in a non-military and disorderly manner; anrl the Coexna-der,in-Chief, Generl Lord Gaegh, enteknea the charge, but with the trae a lrit of a generous mility man he caused the state of Moonel 3}avelok' wegimentto bh examined. He caused the reports I of the mranl state ot the various regiments to be read for I some tin,e back, and he found that Colonel Havelockes stood at tbe .seAd of the list; there was less druniennessA less floggirng, less imprisonment in it than in any other. Wher itat . was done the Commander in-Chief said, "Go and t',A ! C MIe HAVelock, vWith my compliments, to baptize 'ahe whoel army.,, ICBIYSTAL PALACE.-ON-E Sulanrro DAY, SAburday, Oct. 24.-Admissions on pavment, 2O29; e0 t by easou tickets, 68V; totalvl4tors, 2,6O3,
I BUBOLARt AND A 7TBMP,-TD MUBDEt, PLYMOUTH, SATuI_Y. T town and ei2ghboartood hu been thrown nto a state of great excitcment and alarm by the perpetration, in the inlddle of the night, of a Mel attempt to raurder fr. Braddow, a magistrate at Cornwall, In his bedroom at hsis country eat at Blac,lnd. This sorlning abvot 2 o'clock the serrAts were ammeed by the ringing of their master's 'etll, and, the cook kXaitug 0alrmed the butler, he found SIr. Braddon lying with his face covered with, blood. Hi seon w's thxr called, and the family for scene time comg&ezed thataa artery hod burst. Shortly afte7, however, the pantry windowr was dhs covered to havebeen forced, Tqe drawinpoom poker ix a, bent condition wee found lying imide the front dotr, And the door unDocked3 Tlese evidence of tbezstrusion ef burglars were unfortLna&ely confirmed on a sagical enination of the condition of their vledm, One of 3Mr. Braddons, eyes protruded from tle socket, and his temples exhibited Iwo blows, laying open the sluX bone, which was fiac±ured. The W'oudii a,ud the shock had thrown him into, a state of insensibilit?, frem -which he recoverc to ring- his, belL We regret to ttite that tbeeiwvery litna prospeot of his surviving. It is evident thAt *A loast one od the burglara knew well thb interior ot the premises and the habits of the inmates, saed that &tter passing throngh~ the pantry and spending 3some time belbw he armed himself with the poker and went upstairs tc-Vuir bedroors-, whee probably, in consequence of' Mr. Braddom'j being nroused, the injuries were inflicted. At this momnsit is supposedi that some imaginary alarm i4iuced the zobbers to maker a precipitate retreat throu3! the front porch. Mr.. Braddor 's watch was und b his pillow and 14 or, 15 sovereigns were on hi dressingtLAble loosely covered with L bandkerchief. The plate-room door 'was lceked; the burglars did not attempt to fose itfor fear of disturbing the inmates, and they failed to pesn the lock, with the keys of t'o other roops, which theg' carried off. These and an Oxford gray great' eoat, belonging to M£r Braddoa, iun., are the only articles- missing. Ottside,werefoand a pair of men's shoes, and, wreped in a bandkerchiet, a Bible and Prayer-book, like thoeso given to co2vlcu on their departure; from the Drtmnoor prisons, which we notfar of. Mr. Henzy Treby, who rWides at G(odam oor having been speedily called, waited the arrival of Mr. Bode, surgeon, from Plympton, and then proceeded to ther Cornwood station of the Soath Devon Rlt}way, about a-mile Eouth, to watch the departing pangers; and infor - mation having been forwarded to Plymouth, Inpec. tor Thomas, of the detective force1 went to Blackland, and was f rlowed by Dr. Yonge and Mr. Square, surgeons. Mr. Braddom, who is a widower. nearly 70 years of age, 'wae formerly judge of the Calcutta SudderDwaany, the higheet of the Company's courts in Bengal; his residence is in the parieh of Plympton st. Mary, 2ight mniles from Plymouth on the wiest, and five from Ivybridge on the, east. Strong suspicion rests on a mas of Swiss oxtraction, called James Bsadiste, who) about two or three pears sinoe, 'wastaken into the seryiee of Mr. Braddon. He was dismissed for improper condct towards one of the servant1women. Thisman went to the house of Captadn Hewlett, B.N., a relative of Mr. Beaddon, at Portsmouth, a:td robbed his servant of 51. He is supposed about the same time to bave broken open his landlady's desk and taken therefrom iseveral sovereigns. A cosohman at one of the Elymoutlr botels was also- lundered. His lst known theft was that of a gun, for which he was imprisoned six m,onths in Winchester gaoL The abstraction of the greatcoa0increases the suspicion, as the clothes of Mr. Braddorn, jun., are known to fit B&udiste, and there are indications that ';he conflict in the bedroom was caused as mucb by a spirit of resentment and revenge as by a desire forwgan An empty bottle and the footmarks of two persona.were found under a window in a secluded part of the premises, and near it, on an artificial bed of shruba, 'were marks made appa. rently by two men reclining. Here, concealed by thbefoliage, the robbers are supposed to have watched the gradual ex- tinction of the bouoebold lights and the approech of the hour hest suited for the execution of their villaous dedgusi (BY ELBTu5RIC T-LEGRLArL) PLYIIIOTH, SUNDAY ; The ex-butler Baudiste, 'who is supposed to have made the murderous attack on Mr. Braddon at Blacklands yesterdy morning, 'was eaptured here by the police-in the streets this morning. He had on a gray greatcos+4 cont%in. ing a pair of gen'leman's kid gloves and two strange keys. His companion, Thomas Browvn, 19, dressed lik a sailor, acknowledged, after considerable prevarication, tbbt they arrived here by steamer from Portsmouth on Frlday. After examination before the Plymouth bench to-merrow. the prisonera will be transferred to the magistrates of Plympton St. llarv.
LIVBiRooL, Oat. 24.-The Royal Mail ntnahip Canada (Lang, commander) sailed hence for Rlifax and Bostonthis aftrnoon, having on boarld 241,1341. in specie on. fieiht, besides 16 asngers, among whom were Herr Formes, thevocalit, who goes to the United States en his first professional engagement there; and the Hon. Neal Dow, the originator of the State of Maine liquor law. The Canada had a comparatively light cargo, the shipment of fne manufactured goods having been materially affected by monetary panc in Ameria. The next steamer from Liverpool is tbeBoyal Mail steamship Ariab which takes her departure for Nevr York on Saturday rext. Acc=ng-prTo. '1Bino. -N."-Our readers wi.hear with regret that an aocident has ocurred to "B ig Ben" which has deprived hini of that voice and tose to which they had already become familiar, and which i!tFwa hoped would be heard for many yars from the lofty clock'tower of the new Palace at Westnsinster. For some- time pLst it hasbeen the custos to toU the bel a shert time at 1 o'clock on Saturdays. On Saturday the proceadings were commenced as usual; and after the hammer had struokthe third time it was founad that the sound was no; te-old fAmiliar B; nataral, but a, aracked and uncertain sound. The superintendent of the works immediately gave orders for the suspension of the perfozwauce, and a close exmination of the bel took place. N7o-place could, however, h diseovered in the first itstano. The serch ws renewed, and a lighted candLe was taken inside the hell, and while being, moved slowy round the-outside was carefulUy watchod; atlength, to tIe dismay of alL the persons present, light alhonea. rhrough the thick metal, and there was no furt!er room for deubt that the bell was cracked. The " crsank" in the bell rises perpendioulaiay from the rim, or lower lip, to about balf way up.the side, and it Is direct3y opposite to the spot on which the bell was struck by ths large hammer. For some titme past grave doubts have, been expressed as to the propnety of continuing tie Saturday performances on the bell in the position iatwhich it was hung. Situated at the foot of the clock tower, and surrounded by a close boarding, the friends of'-" Big Ben" complained strongly of the unfair treatment to. which be was subjected by being struck in a position where he had no room to, develope his power, and not a few bave oonsidered- that he was not struck fairly by the blows of the huge square and clumsy hammer. which. fell upon his metal side. Whether it be. true or not that " Big Ben"t was bungunfairly, or struck.unfairly, the fact unfortunately is that his voice is for eve,slenced, aud Dot until he has been broken uap, again melted ad cast, may we expect to beae "his once familiar voice." Tiieaocident occurring at the present moment is the more to be regrottedinasmuch asit was expected that a ahort time, only would elapse before he would be plaoed In the bslfry for which he seas destined Everything had been prepared for his reception in the lofty eminence of the ' Clck Tower," the " sradle" for carrying him up and the chains for hanging him wee all ready, and Sir Chales Barry waited only the arrival of the fo- smalU bells for striking th quarter hours, when the clock, which in the factory of Ir. Dent has for months past been keeping the most exact time, would bo put in its place, and " Big Ben" would be tlevated to those regions where the boom of his mighty voice could be heard over the whole-watropols to proper, advantag... The quarter bells are cast, and it was expected that by the meeting of ParliAment the whole arrangements would have bsen completed. Several montbs must now elapse before the beU can be ncast anl -placed in its podition.-Obtsisrver. Emmc LGHT.-Weleam that the launch of the Great Eastern steamship,. which it is -expected will take, laee earl In the oomin muath, wlMEbe effected under the rilliancy of tlhe electricn lig, far as.he moving of this. wondrous iron monster is dce durin3 the night, and which: must occnRy a considerable portion of tha darker hours, seeing that t will requir period o. at least 1. from the. moment of her first leavithe uppr stays or cradle, util. she quietly rides in her ft;trt eleenBt. It Is toe be presumed, therefore that the comncementxwil be during ihe night, and that het final glide into the river-may br witnesised by thousanGd in the clear 1Kpt -of-dW. The uso-of. the electric light wil therefore be o- great momnt in, this imprtant. operation, In which, it may he said, tha whole nauticul. worh is iAterested. On the atrer hand, it-will fuly test the merits of the varlwA improvements m^de in this. gstem of remsvving darkness, for if the lights to be erected burn stadily and brillia:itly tbrooqhout tbe night t2ay wivl' meet the requiremeAts th tTnity Hwe as rcspecta the, iluminating power fer lighthouse The brillian of.rthe electric light has r,ever hben ouestionpa. nA- t5A . -f u mc"sy nisnerto aS .bee in seour3la density and st di ness. These poits. are oercome, we-are assured, bU.th applicafton of r:ury,, iwte*Ad .2 c.rbons and t - luar light, porch dens. steady, &ad continucus, is new obtaned. TI31s, na.e A,e alrei sald, wiM now be fully anzdpublicly batebd. 7 point h,b.deternined i even or lDOre univers interb than tb3 Great ll.stern steamship. itself; for, if what epresenU4 is eskabshetd beyond controversy or putea, great n&onal boo will bosoed sitbg c a,be ol veater va e to this Countr3 th3m an, e o powee light fir the oast Thos, now iix use are no tsuffeienty eeotive, and dn3g fogs and svere weather wa ire f ently useless beyond tA imxnodiat precinct s of tbe lightuses, wheras dth neaw llght -the votcu~electric we suppose it roay be clledlS Enfc} ~ageabe in odouor, and its penetrating powrers In foX aud tJ ~ik wether are reoresented as perfeotly e,xtrordi.. nary. Little has been reid or js knowrn oft*his new plan of ove' roming the difficulties whih crbon ligbt presented, buf, the discoverers have been persevering their trils n te so as to mrake every point perfect before its submission t o iesblo display. We understand that the discovery is due 0 Prdoissor Way, but that other gentlemnen identified with the proecution of the quesltion of electsic light have fi assisted in brinlging the rDatter to its preseeat sta te of poerfec t ion. The test to which it Is tc be put is a bold oue, and is of itself an earnest of the sincerity of those who cosder ie ;cerfecS for all useful purposes. We trust the,ir efforts will be crowed with success as brilliant as terown light, not only on their acout, but as a matter of nationalimport I nd interest. It wil be a grand featuro indr*d in this exaordinse feat of Ilsnching tshs zuoocass' ship,-Mininst Journa4.~~~~~~~~~~~i
FOB.WGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANC. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDMNZ.T 5& portion of the following APPered In our s0ona edition of Satuzdav :-l PARIS, OCT. 23, 6 Pr,. The French Government, in accord with the Powers that signed the Treaty of Paris, is now occupied in fixing the period for opening the Conferences on the question of the Danubian Principalities. The first sittina, it is thought, may be held about the middle of 9ovember. In spite of the satisfaction expressed by the Ministerial press at the resolution come to by the Divans of Bucharest and Jassy, I I doubt whether the Government, or, more properly I speaking, the Emperor, is over-joyous at the result. The ardour of the Foreign-office has, perhaps, gone beyond the limits intended, and the instructions recently given to Baron de TaUeyrand wvere assuredly of a much more temperate kind than in the beginning. In the Emperor's mind the movement in Moldo-Wallachia iB tending to a revolutionary heat. Not only have union, self-government, independence, and sovereignty of a foreign Prince, been heard among men whose leaders figured in the events of 1848, but the terrible word " Republic" has, we are told, been uttered. The fervid zeal of the Government in promoting the question of nationality, and exciting the feelings of the Danubian population, is not forgotten, nor the vehement appeals of the Paris press inspired by the Foreignl-office against the attitude of England on that question. AU this is long since regretted, and the impulse was attempted to be stayed. Baron de TaUleyrand received orders to modify hia zeal, " to put water into his wine," to do his best to calm the enthusiasm he awoke, and to withdraw altogether, but at no great distance, from the spot during the period of the electionb. The Moldo-Wallachian Divans have expressed their wishes (ermis leurs vrar) to some purpose, and apparently have no notion of stopping short in their legitimate demands. A mere administrative and Customs' union,5&c., said to be the plan suggested by the English Government, will now hardly content the Rouman patriots. Their aim is union in its most comprehensive sense, a recognized nationality, a foreign Prince for their Sovereign, with an hereditary succession ; and from this must follow, as a necessary consequence, com;lete separation from the Porte. The Congress will have enough on its bands to bettle this businese. A letter in the Colojne Gazette states that the Servian Governraent has announced that it appearb, from the disclosures made by the persons lately arrested there, that the intended movement in Servia was republican, and that the chiefs of the insurrection were in communication with the exciters of agitation in the Principalities. The Cologne Gazette adds, that the appearance of a Russian shipof-war in the latiiude of Rustchuk was regarded by the Porte Pa a violation of the existing treaties, and that the GrandVizier, AaliPasha, had demanded explanations on the subject from the Russian Ambassador at Constantinople. A private letter from Pampeluna of the 20th mentions the arrival in that city of his Highness Prince Louis Lucien Bonaparte. He left Bayonne on the 17th, accompanied by his private secretary, with the view of visiting the ancient kingdom of N avarre and the Basque Provinces. On the arrival of the Prince at Pampeluna the civil and military authorities visited him at his hotel. Among the works presented to the municipalities, in order to be deposited in the archives of the city, are the Princes Dialogues in the four dialects of Biscay, of which his Highness printed in London a small number of copies for private circulation. These Dialogues were read with much interest. Several persons expressed a desire that the work should be given to the public. The Prince is a distinguished philologist and antiquary, and these studies are his principal, if not his only motive, for again visiting the north of Spain. In virtue of an arrangement with the Austrian Government, a French consul is about to be established at Pola, where a new and important arsenal and dockyard have been constructed for the Austrian var navy. Dr. Siegl, chief physician to the military hospitals at Vienna, has arrived in Paris, charged with a medical mission. Re has been authorized by the lrinister of War to visit the military hospitals in France, and he has begun by minutely examining the hospital at Vincennes. The law officers of the Govermment at Colmar, who form what is termed the Parquet, will, it is said, be removed in consequence of the indiscreet use they made of the police reports in the late proceedings against M. Migeon. The documents furnished by that department to the prosecutor were not intended to be exposed to the public; they were for the private eye of the Procurears, writh a view, no doubt, to secure the conviction of the accused. The language used by the Prefect of Police in them was of the harshest kind, and the prisoner's counsel declared their intention to prosecute that functionary for defamation of their client. Moreover, the decision of the Tribunal declaring its incompetence is not satisfactory. The matter will not end here. M. Migeon intends taking his seat in the Legislative Chamber. In consequence of the rising of the Loire at Tours a detachment of the 3d Regiment of Engineers has been sent there by railway, to assist in strengthening the embainkments. In the meantime a great number of labourers are employed along the quays at Tours to close all openings iu the parapets. ;Sacks are being filled with earth, wheelbarrows and carts are being collected-in a word, eveiything is being done and the most energetic measures are being adopted to prevent any injury to the town or to the adjoining country. The foHowing are additional particulars of the inundations in the departments washed by the Allier and the Loire:- " The news of the great rise in the waters of these rivera caused considerable alarm at Orleans. At Tours the En. gineers are on the alert, and Immediately adopted measures in case of fresh danger. The Prefeots of Tours and Angers immediately warned all the publio functionaries, and all the people residing near the Loire, to be on their guard. That river has risen five metres at St. Jnst, and was still rising when the last account was received. The railway bridge constructed last year to unite the Martre-de-Veyre to Vic-le-Comte has been carried away by a sudden swell of the AUier, which rose three metres above its usual height, and the goods and passengers are obliged to be conveyed across the river in boats. The Courricr de laDromne states that the Arddche had again risen considerably in consequence of the late heavy rains. All the works going on for the construction of the bridge at Aubenas have been wshed away, and the temporary bridge which had been erected has completely disappeared. This Is the fourth time within three weeks that these works have been similarly damaged. Orders had been sent to Orleans and all ths other stations not to deliver any tickets for Clermont; but the engineers of the railway have since sucoeded in re.ssthblIshing the traffic, for a counter-order has since besn sent. In consequence of the Government having received accounts of the rising of the Loire, measures were adopted for sending assistance to the threatened points; and troops received orders yesterday to proceed to the Orleans Railway Station. They were abont to start when a telegraphic despatch was received of a more satisfactory nature, and the order for their departure was counter. imxnded. They have, however, been ordered to hold themselves in readines to start at a momenets notice." The following private telegrams have been - ceived *. "MARSEILLES, OCr. 22, "ALGtERs, Oct. 20.-TheChamber of Commerce of Algiers hs appointed a deputation to wait on the Emperor when he shall visit Marseilles, and at the same time the Cham'c or Commeroe prays for the constrctlon of a network of railways as a rnatter of urgont necessity." " SIGMARINGEN, Ocr. 22. "The Portuguese Count Lavradto yestnrday formally de. rnnded the hand of the Princess Stephanie for the King of PortugaL" The receipts of the Paris and Orleans Railway Company for the week ending the 14th of October amount to 1,165,564f. 21c., being an increase of 7 61f. 96c. as compared with the correspondinr week of lae,t year. The receipts from the 1st of January to the 14th of October amount to 45,670,110f. 28c, being an increase of 5,847,569f. 51c. as compared with the corresponding period of the year 1856. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 66f. 90c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 91f. 75c. ; Orleans Railvway Shares, 1,320f.; Great Northern, 875f.; Strasburg, 685f.; New Shares, 670f.; Paris to Lyons and the Med;terranean,835f.; Western of France,670f.; Bordeauix and Cette 545f.; Great Central of France, 600f. ; Lyons adl Geneva, 630f.; Ban k of (irddit Mobilier, 785f.; Austilan -Railways, 675f.; Roman Railways, 490f.; Russian Railwvays, 503f. 75c. Co=r8 Auaque.-Pa&Ss Octiober 23.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-E.lf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 9f1. 90f. 70c.; T'rL e per Cents., 66L. 75c, 85c. o. 76c. 70C. 76c. 80c.; Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent., three monthR; Bank of France, 2,950f. 2,960f. * ditto (550f. paid), 2,950t 296(0f.; Credit Fonder, 540f.; ditto, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 430f.; ditto, Tree per Cents., 385f. 395f. 392f. 50c.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 88f. 75c.; ditto, Terths, Three per Cents., 80f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f. 927f. 50c.; Cr6dit &obllter, 780i. 775f. 785f. 782. Moc. ; Discount Bank, 655f. 650f.; Pledmontese tbive per Cents., 90f. 25c.; AulstrdianFiveper Cents., 88f.; Belgian Four-and.a.Pialf per Cents., 98t Rente de Naples (J;othschild), 113; Romas, 88; SpanIsh Deferred Converted Debt, 2.5.1. E>xchnge on London, at sight, papar, 25f. SOc.: mfon,ey, 2af 250,; threeX months, paper, 24f. 82.jo; money, 241. SOc. ~ ~ ~ ~ 4f.82o. PARIS, SATURDAY, OcT. 24. The weather, which for some days past has been as foggy and rainy as it sometimes is in London in November, has improved to-day, and the sun in shining brightly. The accounts from the provinces are likewise more favourable. A letter from Montpellier dated Thursday last states that the weather has been extremely wet and windy there for several days. Similar accounts have been received from Toulouse. The quantity of rain which feU at Ganges, in the-Heratult, on Sunday and Monday last was measured, and is estimated at 170 millimetres. This atmospheric crisis, however, appears to have arrived at a conclusion, and a dry north wind had set in. The letters received to-day from the central departments of France agree in announcing a remarkable diminution in the waters of the Allier and the Loire, which threatened danger. At Moulins aU apprehension had ceased. The heavy rain which fell on Wednesday and Thursday caused some alarm at Roanne, but yesterday the weather set in fair, and the waters declined rapidly. The arrival of military engineers and troops of the line at Tours had completely reassured the inhabitants. The improvements which are being c-rried out in Paris are causing the destruction of some remark* able edifices. Masons are at this moment occupied in taking down a house in the Rue St. Claude, in which the celebrated Turenne was born. At No. 28, in the Rue St. Claude, is likewise to be seen the house which was inhabited by Cagpliostro, wbo created such a sensation r.ot only in Paris, but throughout Europe. General d'Orgoni has arrived at M,rseilles on his way to Rome. Prince Napoleon pased through Turin on the 22d inst., on his journey to Rome. He is accompanied by the Marquis Francesco del Gallo. The Pope gave an audience on the 15th inst. to Cardinal Villecourt, who came from Genoa to Civita Vecchia expressly to pay his respects to Hiis H1oliness. The Holy Father afterwards made an excursion to Corneto, where he remained a few hours, and returned in the afternoon to Civita Vecohia. The Three per Cent& clowed to-day at 66f. 90c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents,. at 90f. 80o.; OrleanrsRailway shares, 1,320f.- Great Northern, 877f. 60c. ; Strasburg, 680E; New Sharer, 670f.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 835f.; Western of France, 660fc ; Bordeaux and Cette, 550f.; Great Central of France, 601f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 630f.; Bank of CrWcit Mobilier, 787f. 50c.; Austriau Railways, 673f. 75c.; Roman Ralways, 490f.; Russian Railways, 502f. 500. (:our3 AuUumtzquc.-PkAis, October 24.-Cash Prices.- (tour-and-a-Ealf per Cents (not reimbursable for 10years), 91f. 90f. 75c. 70c. 50oc.; Three per Cents., 67f. 67f. DO. 66!. 95c. 67f. 66f. 95o. 90O. ; Beak of Franoe, 2,960f. 2,970f. 2,975f. 2,980t.; ditto (550f. prid), 2,9601. 2,970f. 2,975f. 2,980f.; Credit Fo.aceer, Oblgations of 500f., Four par Cents., 430f. ; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 88f. 75c.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents. 80f. * Credit Mobil'er, 790f. 792f. .50c. 797f. 50c. 795!. 787f. 50O.; Discount Bank, W50f. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f. * Austrian Five Per Cents.. 88; Belgisn Four-and-a-Hlf per Cents., 9S.T ; Bentes de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; BoRmans, 88; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 23, * ditto, Interior, 37-. Exehange on London, at might, paper, 25f. 30Oc.; money, 25f. 25c.; three months, paper, 24f. 82Ac.; money, 24f. 80c. PRUSSIA. (FROM OvU owN CORRESPONDENT.) BERLWN, Ocr. 22. I have at length the satisfaction of informinng you that the King's mental health yesterday afternoon experienced a great and unexpected improvement; his bodily health, as I have had occasion almost every day to vrite, has been steadily improving for some time past, but it was not til yesterday afternoon that his increased clearness of perception and reflection and strength of memory enabled him to hold a coherent conversation on any topic requiring suzstained powers of mind. On the accuracy of this I can rely fully, but it is with less confidence I add that, as I am informed, the Queen has already profited so far by this gratifying change as to lay before the King the necessity of his empowering the Prince of Prussia to act for him. The official bulletin published this morning tas:- "T The favourable symptoms in His Majesty's state of health have continued during the last 24 hours. Sans Souci, Ot. 22, half-past 9 o'clock a.m. The really great improvement which has shown itself within the 24 hours, and which is, in fact, quite as new as it is gratifying, cPnnot be published in an official bulletin, because its predecessors have always carefully concealed the fearful extent to which the King's mind, as well as body, has been affected; and I am equally prevented from putting your readers into immediate possession of the intelligence by means of the telegraph, instead of keeping them waiting 36 hours for my letter, by the probability of my being met at the State telegraph-office by insolent sneers at the impossibility of my knowing anything better than the officials there, and having my despatch refused the privilege of passing along the Prussian wires. A(JSTRIA. (POM OUR OWN CORRESnPONDNl.) VIENNA, Ocr. 20. In my letter of the 13th, which appeared in The Times of the 1 th inst., cursory mention is made of a circular which, according to the German papers, was sent swon after the meeting of the Emperors Francis Joseph and Alexander to the diplomatic agents of Austria residing in foreign countries. There is no reason to believe that any circular relative to the interview between the two Monarchs has left the Austrian Foreign-office, but slwrtly before the Emperor Francis Joseph left for Weimar a note was forwarded to the French Government announcing what was about to take place. Baron von Tiibner, the Austrian Ambassador at the French Court, was probably the bearer of the note, in which it was said that the interview between the Sovereigns of Austria and Russia was simply a meeting between two friends who had been estranged by circnmstances. It was further stated that political questions were not likely to be discussed at Weimar, but it was hinted that the interview might lead to more friendly relations between Austria and Rubsia. As few details relative to the recent conspiracy at Belgrade reach this city the imagination of the public is extremely active, and most strange are the stories which are in circulation. The only credible news received on the subject is the foUowing :-A Servian, belonging to the lower classes of society, was engaged " by certain persons" to take the life of the HJoapodar. The man, who was to have had 20 or 30 ducats for shooting hisl Sovereign, fortunately recollected that his father had been very kindly treated by the father of the person whom he had undertaken to assassinate. He felt remorse, and not ouly resolved not to make any attempt himself on the life of the Hospodar, but to prevent any one elsa doing so. He accordingly went to the chief of the police, and gave information which led to the arrest of several members of the Senate, among whom are it-s President and two ex-Ministers. The prevalent impresision in Belgrade is that the consp?rator8 were the tools of a great Northern Power, but the fact that young Obrenovitch, the son of the exflospodar Milosch, has a powerful party in Servia must not be lost sight of. The state of public feeling in Austria is not so satisfactory as could be wished. The inhabitants of the empire have recently suffered severe pecuniary losses, and as they have no prospect of regaining the large sums lost they are inclined to be ill-humoured and discontented with their lot. Each province has its separate gnevance, and the Lower Austrians are uiwt now ex:tremely indignant that no punishment has been inflicted on Major Count Hunyady for his infamous conduct towards the Mayor of Hiutteldorf. Everything has been done to keep the details of what h-s happened from the knowledge of the public, but it is. town-talk that Major Count Hunyady has disgraced the unifoum vhich he we ers. It is known to me that the matter has been discussed at more than one foreign Court, and it could not well be otherwise, for an account of what took place at ltteldorf was forwarded by most of the diplomatists to their Governments. In the camp at Parndorf Count Hunyady was the lion of the dsy, and the members of the embassy of one of the great continental Powers were unwilling to trust the evidence of their eyes when they saw him strutting about in tecmany of his superiors. t is my firm belief that the Emperor is not aware hovr imperfectly his orders have been executed. His Majesty directed that a commission should strictly examine into the justice of the charges made by the M ayor of Huitteldorf against Major Count aunyady and Captain - (the name has escaped my memory) of the 10th Regiment of Hussars, whic!i is known as " King of Prussia Hussars." The civil witnesses were duly examined by the commissioners. but the military men declined to reply to questions put to them by civilians. Two months have elapsed since the offence was committed, and as no punishment has been inflicted the citizens are much inclined to fancy that justice no longer abide3 iii Austria. Theunfortunate Mayor was "pommelled" on the head by the soldiers, and the word must b ^ taken in its literal sense. The brutal Hussars struc'c the unfortunate man with the hilts of their swords until his face was covered with blood, and as he was carried away Count Coloman Hunyady, who is a member of one of the be3t Magyar families, toll him he was " his most humble servant, and hoped soon to have the pleasure of seeing him again." Such is the tale told by the inhabitants of uiltteldorf, and they are of opinion thagreater excesses would have been committel if the Gendarmerie had not interfered. A sharp discuesion took place between a couple of the officers of Hussars and a Gendarmerie corporal, in which the formerwere completely worsted. The resolute Geadarme said he had his instructions and was resolved to execute them, and he did so in spite of the abuse and menaces of his opponents. Yesterday the intelligence of the failure of the house of Balabio, of Milan, reached this city. The liabilities of the bankrupt are said to be about 9,000,000 lire (300,0001.), and it is much feared that the creditors wil suffer a very heavy loss. M. Balabio has recently done a great deal in Lombardo-Venetian Railroad shares, and is said to have made "time bargaina" to an immense amount. The fall in the Drice of silk also contributed to the downfaU of a house which for some time past had been ailing. Years ag 1, when the firm was Balablo and Co., there were ugly reports in circulation, but M. Bessano, one oE the partners, made a great pecuniazy sacrifice, an]I consequently there was no stoppage. After havla, saved the honour of the firm M. Bessano witadrew from it. The firm of Engliinder and Sons, in Pesth, which was the house that played at " kiteflying" with Boskovitz and Co., has offered to pay its creditors in full after the affairs of Boskovitz are definitively settled. Messrs. Engliinder will then pay 50 per cent. in six, 25 psr cent. in nine, and the remaining 25 per cent. in twelve months. Another Peath house of importance has suspended its payments, and within the last eight-and-forty hours about half-a-dozea small firms have done so here. Baron Roller, tha Austrian Minister at the Prussian Court, has returned to his post. Prince Petrulla, the Neapolitan Minister at this Court, has received leave of absence, aud is gone to Naples. Baron de Bourqueney leaves for Paris this evening. Both Sir Hamilton Seymour and Baron Budberg have to day left the countay for their houses in town. The convention between Austria (for herse'f and Germany) and Turkey relative to the telegraphs is in the Wiener Zeitung of this morniug. The representatives of the States belonging to the German-Austrian Telegraph Union met at StuttRart on the 16th inst. On or about the 19th of November that part of the Theiss Railroad betweea Szolnok and Debreezin will be open to the public. Such enormous quantities of goods had accumulated at Trieste before the opening of the line to Laibacli that it will be necessary to send off several goods trains daily during the first week or two. On the27th inst. theArchduke Ferdinand Maximilian and the Archduchess Charlotte will return from Venice to Milan to receive the Archduchess Sophia, who intends to pass some weeks with ber son. During the sojourn of her Imperial Hig,hness in the Lombard capital there will be brilliant festivals, and it is proposed to illuminate the cathedral on the 4th of November, that being the name-day of the A rchduchess Charlotte. TURKEY. (FRoMr OUR OW.N CORESPODENT.n ) CONSTANTINOPLE, OCT. 14. The Sultan's visit to Redachid Pasha on Saturday last forms the chief event of interest. The visit of a European Sovereign to one of his subjects is a matter of some interest; here it is an event of great importance. From the time that the Ottoman Sovere!gns ceased to direct personaUy the affairs of State, and since they isolated themselves more and more from the world outside of their Palace, according to Byzantine traditions, it became a kind of State etiquette that no Mnister out of place should have any intercourse with the Sovereign. This. maxim wai in the golden time of Jauissarism carried to such an extent that the transgression of it was considered quite a capital offence, aud even now it is a rule which, like all customs, has a good deal of weight. The conferences, therefore, which the Sultan has had with Redschid Pasha since he left office wece alone calculated to make the Ministry uneasy an 1 paralyze its activity; how much more has this beeri done by his recent visit to the late Grand Vizier's house! Moreover, that acuteness which the Sultaa invariably shows in distinguishing his favourites and slighting those with whom he is displeasel never shone in a more brilliant light than on thii occasion. There was a dinner on that Saturday given by the French A mbassador to the mos prominent members of the Ministry, and the Sultan having heard of it, sent one of his aides-de-camp to Redschid Pasha to inform him that he would honour him with his company at Redschid's klosk on th i heights of Emerghian. It is related that th Sultan in giving this order remarked, "As i' seems that friends are feasting to-day, let us feas; with ours." Early in the day the Sultan, accompanied only by a few of his followers, came by land towards the kiosk. Redschid went to meet him oa the road, and when he, according to etiquette prepared to walk on the side of the Sultan'. carriage, he received an order to mount on horse back, and to remain close to the carriage, so as to b i within hearing. Arrived at the kiosk, the Sultawi remained for more than au hour on this spot, which commands one of the finest views on the 3osphorus After that he had the grounds shown to him, au i evidently seemed disposed to be pleased witS everything. Later in the day, when asked fo his orders about his dinner, he expressed a wiss to dine in Redschid's house down on the Bos phorus, and when the party arrived there th Sultan's whole State retinue was seen to arriv in a score of caiques, so that the Ministers who wen up in a steamer specially destined for the Gran I Vizier in office, who lives close by, were, so to say, found to be present at the ovation which the Sultan had prepared for their opponent. Just about tha time all the Bosphorus steamers returned likewis. towards Bujakd6r6, so that all the higher Turkish functionaries and the Galata merchants who live oa the Bosphorus became the witnesses of the distinc tion conferred by the Sultan on the late Gran I Vizier. The Sultan remained till night, havin, passed more than six hours with Redachid. It is scarcely necessary to remarl that every on 3 is asking himself what this demonstration mean, The most natural supposition is that a new chano of Ministry is imrninent, and Redschid will come ia stronger than ever. Most people cannot conceive howa Turkish functionary could resist the chances o getting into office, and conclude naturally tha Redschid Pasha will not have let such a golden opportunity escape to further his own cause and damage that of his adversaries. Bat most peopA canmot or will not likewise understand Redschid Pasha's position, which is quite exceptionaL During the greatest part of hislife Redschid Pash has occupied the highest posts in the State. H- has been Grand Vizier for years, and the reorganization is almost exclusively his work. Beside- this the Sultan's gratitude and generosity to the old servant of his house, who has conducted the affairs of his empire in its most difficult phaseA, and saved it repeatedly, has placed him, financially, in such a position that his pension is almo3t equivalent to his salary as Grand Vizier. Getting into office has, therefore, ceased with him to be matter of personal ambition. Whoever be the Grand Vizier, he is and will, always remain the first man in Turkey after the Sultan. Nobody can take that away from him. But the reforms which he has begun are ineom plete; he sees that many institutions, created with the best intentions, have been misunderstood or badly applied. Nay, he perceives that in other cases he has himself been mistaken, and that tho '- mistakes oughit to be rectified, It is in accomplish- ing this that he can alone place whatever remains to him of ambition. Resuming into office is, therefore, nothing to him, unless he have the power to complete the work of his life. If he was only animated by the desire of occupying the post of Grand Vizier, I dare say he might be satisfied to-morrow. Even before the Sultan's late visit advances were made to him in this respect, which, had he followed the advice of those around him, might have brought him already back into office ; but he would not have had that power and that freedom of action, without which it is absolutely the same for the welfare of the empire, or almost so, whether he or anybody else be in office. If he reaJly wants to carry out his ideas of reform he must resist all allurements and keep out of office until the conviction forces itself on the Sultan that he must make the concessions, without which nothing can be done. I dare say there are others perhaps as fit to project reforms for the empire as Redschid is, but there is no one who can flatter himself to get the consent of the Sultan to follow a certain liue of conduct except Redschid Pasha, and in this is the strength of the latter, and, at the same time, the advantage of his being in office. In the meantime the state of the present Ministry is pitiable. Difficulties on all sides and no support from anywhere, in a contiuual terror of being sent away, and yet broken up in fractions, intriguing against each other, it is dragging on its existence without life or energy. As it is it cannot last. It must either consolidate itself or it will break to pieces.* Mr'. Hornby, the Judge of the Supreme Consular Court, has arrived, to the great satisfaction of aU those who are anxious about the reform of the consular system in the Levant. It is the first step only, this change in the judicial part of the consular functions, but almost the most important one, because it refers just to that part which was the worst regulated and therefore most liable to abuses. I must leave the details about the future organization of this branch of the consular power to another letter, and I will only observe on this occasion that there seems every reason to be satisfied with the manner in which the Government has viewed and decided the question at home. The chief danger was lest in the anarchy of conflicting powers the reform should remain incomplete. This has been avoided; and such power has been granted to the judge as will enable him to efface the stain which is now unfortunately attached to consular jurisdiction in the Levant, and to establish it on a footing which may more than equal any other jurisdiction of the same kind in the East. Moreover, the measures now enacted are by no means to be considered final; they are to be amended according as the necessity arises, so that room is left for every improvement; besides the advantages whieh the establishment of a Supreme Consular Court in the Levant will have for British subjects, it wiUl likewise have a moral effect on the Turks far more powerful than the best written notes and the most energetic remonstrances. Hitherto, whenever the Turks were reproached with slow, irregular procedure in their tribunals and partiality in their decisions, they could not say, but certainly could and did think of the splinter in their neighbour's eye and the beam in our own, for as a rule I am sorry to say consular jurisdiction in the Levant is scarcely better than the Turkish, only there is no one to make a noise about it as in the case of a native tribunal, and you don't hear so much of it; I am now not speaking of English consular jurisdiction alone they are all about the same, to whatever nation they belong. The first rule assumed by these courts is that the protfgg is always right and the other party always wrong. And then the Turks are reproached with throwing obstacles.in the way of consular jurisdiction and trying as much as possible to thwart aU endeavours to get justice f -m them, Naturally the Turks oppose to a systematic partiality a just as systematic ris inertdia, but with their keen sense of justice let once a tribunal, as I confidently hope the Supreme C onsular Court will be, judge fairly and not take undue advantage of any power of bullying which it may have at its command, and I don't doubt one moment that it will find no difficulties -with the Turks. THE IONIAN ISLANDS. A letter from Corfu, of the 10th, offers the following description of the arrival there of Adrairal Lord Lyons and his squadron:- " Three line-of-battle ships arrived in this roadstead oin the 29th ult.,the Royal Albert, Centurion, and the PrinceS3 Royal, uuder the command of Admiral Lord Lyons. Lord Lyons, on lauding at the San Nicolo Gate, was received by a guard of honour of the 46th Regiment, and a salute waq fired from the citadel battery. On the 3d inst. Sir J. Young paid a visit to the Admiral on board the 9agship, and, on leaving, the royal yards were manned, and a saluta fired. On the same evening Sir J. Young, Sir G. Bauler, K.C.B., General in command of the troops, tbe Pre. 61dent of the Senate, and the Senators dined on board. On the 5th inst. his ExceUency gave a ball at the Palace. On the 6th inst. Major-General Sir G. Boller paid his offical visit to Lord Lyons, and on his leaving the Royal Albert maluted. The General afterwards accompanied Lord Lyons to inspect the fortifications of Vido. The subsequent day a bait was given on board the Royal Albert, the clUe of Corfa being invited. A number of the ships' crews landed with 48 hours' leave, and kept the place in a great stir. The fleet is expected to sail this morning for Zante, Cephalonia, and Candia." THE BALTIC. (YBoa OUR OWN CORFSPONDmrNT.) HAMBURG, OOr. 22. A telegram, under date of the 20th inst., from Stockholm, mentions that the residence of the King of Sweden has again been changed from Filllgarn to the capitaL The state of the King's health is reported as critical. The Crown Prince Regent returned to Stockholm from Christiania on the abovementioned day. Yesterday the Estates of the Kingdom comnienced their deliberations on the subject of liberty of conscience. Advices from Copenhagen of the 20th inst. announce that the Danish Government has sent a memorial on the 'question of the Duchies of Holstein and Laiienburg to its diplomatic agents at foreign Courts. ITALY. (FROAt OUR OVN CORRESPOIZDENT.) TURLIN, OcT. 21. Cut off as we have been for the last 24 hours from the ordinary means of communication with the south and the east, we are almost totaUy without Italian news to-day, except that of accidents by flood and storms which have interrupted the traffic on all our railways; and even the telegraph between this and Genoa is declared to be noneffective this morning; so that if the Indian despatches, which may be expected about this time, should have arrived at Cagliari, it will not be possible to forward them immediately. As far as the railways are concerned, this interruption has been caused by an unusually heavy fall of rain even for this country, both in the plain and on the mountains, and the consequence has been that two rivers in the neighbourhood of Turin-the Sangone and the Stura -have been sO swollen that they have either carri-d away, or so seriously injured as to render dangerous, two railway bridges over which the Genoa, Cuueo, Pinerolo, and Novara Railways passed; added to which the Genoa Railway is completely under water in some places in the flat country between Asti and Alessandria, and to such a depth that even yesterday the trains could only venture to pass at a very cautious pace, and as it has been raining here and elsewhere pretty continuously ever since it may be supposed that line is, for the moment, impassable, which accounts for the non-arrival of any mail from the south to-day. The same bridge which affects the Genoa Railway (over the Sangone) is also crossed by the r'ilways to Cuneo -and Pinerolo; but that difficulty has been met momentarily by establishing a service of omDibuses hence to the first station on aU three railways,-Moncaliere-though the remedy so afforded does not appear to have been sufficient to re-establish tbrough communication, as the mails from the latter towns are stiU due. On the Novara Railway the railway bridge over the Stura had been injured by floods about a fortnight or three weeks since to such an extent, by washing away the bank on this side of the river, that the trains have never since been able to run over it, and the railway company, instead of repairing their own bridge, had recourse to what probably appearedto the directors to bea moreeconomical measure -that of borrowing half the communalbridge which crosses the river a few yards lower down than their own, andl laying down temporary rails on it, by which they intended keeping open their communications, until they could make up their minds how they should proceed to mend their own bridge. Therein, however, they appear to have been neglectful of the proverbial caution of "a stitch irn time," fur just as they had got their rails laid on the conimmunal bridge and built a wall to divide the rail from the carriage way on it, down oamie another flood stronger than the last, and, increasing the devastation made by itibefore on the embankment of the railway bridge, the river gained still greater force at that particular point, so that at last it effected a breach in the bank of the high road, and since the afternoon of yesterday all communication whatever on that line has been suspended. The Piedmnontese Gazette gives a still further list of other damage done on the same lines, the result of which is a notice from the Direction of the Posts in the same official paper, saying that the only mails that can be forwarded for the present are those to France, Cuneo, and Pinerolo. In the former of these no alteration is made, but for the two latter it is necessary to post letters some hours earlier than usual. The cause of interruption in the telegraphic communication has not been explained, but it is not confined to the Genoa line alone it appears, for the notice from the Post-office authorities above alluded to adds that the interruption of the telegraphic line, wvich leaves us in ignorance as to the state of the railway frora Yalenza to Verce]li, prevents them for the present from organizing a postal service to Genoa by means of the so-called "military" road from Ttuin to Casale, by which the floods about Asti and the Tanaro might be avoided. Thb-s, who weire sanguine enough to hope that the Austrian Government was at length about to consent to the extension of the Lombard railways in the direction of Piedmont, and the consequent facilitation of intercourse between its Italian subjects and the countries to the westward, have been again disappointed. The Eco ddlaBorsa of Milan remi'rked the other day on this subject, after criticizing the many unnecessary delays now thrown in the way of travellers between Milan and Turin both by the Austrian and Piedmontese anthorities at the frontier, and by the mismanagement of diligence proprietors and the managers of the Turin and Novara Railway:-" It cannot be replied with the old excuse that snch alterations (as the Eco had suggested in the service) would be a useless expense that would be of no value when the railway is completed to Milan. Why conceal it now? It is not an affair of weeks, but of long months,-perhaps of a year or two. The formality of approving the projects of detail they say is not finished, and consequently the expropriation has not even commenced. Neither have the proprietors of land along the line of road received orders to suspend sowing, which every one is doing just at this moment. This circumstance alone makes one fear a very long delay in taking the earthworks in hand, for which the winter sem3on is the most adapted, as well as the cheapest because of the numbsr of agricultural Jabourers out of employment." A letter from Milan of the 19th, published in the Opinione of this morning, gives intelligence of the stoppage of one of the principal banking and commercial houses in that city. It says,-" The inevitable failure of Balabio and Bosana has thrown discouragement on the place. I say inevitable, because for the last two months it has been foreeeen, and the suspension of payment was expected since the end of September, and would have occurred if the bouse of Rothschild had not effectually supported them." But, although anticipated, the news has made a great and sad sensation, the firm being one of the most respected here, and one which enjoyed a credit as solid as it was extended. Its difficulties were caused especially by speculation in shares. It had done a large eu8iness in Lombardo-Veneto railway shares, expecting a rioe, which is more than ever remote now, and it has caused an irreparable fall in them, for the present at all events. These shares are very plentiful on 'Change at present, but without purchasers, and further failures are feared both on account of the silk trade and of the difficulty of discount. Good paper is not discounted at less than 9 per cent., and bills on silk go to 12 per cent. The state of the money-market at Vienna and iu Bohemia, where failures are rapidly taking place, is felt here, and people blame the Bank, which, at a critical moment, refused to discount, and has caused a derangement in the financial world that will not easily be settled. THE KINGDOM OF THE TWO SIOILIES. (FRE B0OUP OWN CORRESPONDENT.) NAPLES, OcT. l. That India should be the first and almost the engrossing subject of public consideration in England is right and natural. Stil there are many who are of opinion that there is an unpardonable neglect in regard to British interests nearer home. There are at present two British merchants, usually resident in Naples, who are now in England for the express purpose of urging their complaints against the Government of the Two Siciies on the attention of our Government. The details have been already sent you, and they are sufficient to show that the property of not even an Englishman is respected by a Government which has been so long in the habit of setting all justice at defiance. As to the case of poor Blandford, who was murdered in the streets of Naples early in the spring, we now hear nothing more about it, and the power which can scent out treason and discontent even where they do not exist cannot discover the perpetrators of a great public outrage. The treatment which the captain and crew of the Cagliari are now receiving here calls, I think, for marked attention. That they had been removed to Salerno I have already informed you, but not that they were taken off handcuffed, as I am assured was the case, as also that the marks of the irons were visible on the wrists of the captain for three days after. Among the crew of the Cagliari are two British subjects, eugineers, who I presume were not excepted from the treatment with which the others met; at all events, I am assured that they are in a state of desperation at their protracted imprisonment and at the manner in which they have been treated, for neither the crew nor the captain have received their ffects, though the Sardinian Mtinister, Count Gropello, has never ceased from urging the subject on the attention of this Government. On the same authority on which I have asserted these facts, I may also state that one of the prisoners, whose name and nationality I suppress, has made two attempts on his life. You will remember that it was in the early part of July that these men were arreated, and that it is now the middle of October, without any immediate prospect of a trial. The Sardinian Government, through its Minister, has made frequent efforts to relieve the position of the prisoners, and to expedite their triaL I am not aware, however, that Lord Clarendon has done anything more than direct that every possible effort should be used to ameliorate the condition of his countrymen in confinement. How such efforts were received I have already told you-neither the Consul nor any friend was permitted to see them, and the money that was sent for their relief was returned. It is in this way that British subjects are treated in Naples; murdered, arre3ted and imprisoned for four months without trial, deprived of their clothes, ani denied all communication not merely with theiz friends, but with their consular authorities. It is for England to consider whether such fact as those I have above narrated reflect honour on the character of our country, and whether the prestige of our great name must not be lost where injustice or cruelty can be inflicted with impunity on one man only who has the privilege to caU himself an Englishman. It is well to make every possible exertion to assert our authority in India, but it is not well to neglect the interests of Englishmen or the influence of England in a country where, but for double conduct and alternate bullying and weakness, English influence might have been predominant, aDd a nation would not have been in despair. Not so would Brother Jonathan have acted. On his entrance into office the present excellent UTnited States' Minister bad occasion to act very decidedly in behalf of Linited Sta1 es' citizens, and from that time to this he has never had the slightest cause of complainit, and American citizens are more respected here than the subjects of any Goverunaent. His Royal HLighuess the Prince of Orange went to visit the King at Gaeta last Wednesday. The Prince, who is very young, has been much feted in Naples. The Centaur, Captain Clfbrd, left Naples on Wednesday last on a cruise to Palermo. Ocrosan 1T. Much has been said reently of the pretewsions of Mwrat to the Crowa of the Two Si6ilies. QnU WhAt I * We have already announced the appoLntImot n b iRedshid chae t~o the post of Grad - izier. basiis those pretensions rest *11 Europe knows, butje r, not perbap4 so generally know%n that the howi; cherisbed by the descendants of lKing Joacbim have been ievived, and are gaining much strength among the Weapolitans. There was a tfine when t1hey had a strong hold on the affections and sympathies of the people. Proverbs and songs prove thia, but at present Murat is the choice of necessity; desperate frcm bad treatment, theNeapolitans would take ang one who offered, and, like drowning men, would grasp a serpent's tail if by any means they could keep their heads above water. In the provinces as well as in the capital this feeling is spreading, and the slightest encouragement from without a ould rally the nation to the standard of the French Prince. I am describing what appears to me to be the real state of the country, not ?upgesting a solution of its present difficulties. I believe that the opinions of those whose judgment might most be relied on would be opposed to such an arrangement, but sympathy is stronger than judgment, and that is with the French, and necessity is stronger than both, and that undoubtedly points to Murat as the only man for the occasion. I may not repeat one-tenth part of what I hear about the hopes and fears which his name inspires, or about plots in his favour discovered and arrests made in consequence. Neapolitans talk much ar,d at random, but still reports must have an origin either in realities or in the imagination, and the name of Murat is beyond a doubt the rallying point of many. Bow far the French Government may be disposed to give itr, support to the pretensions of a French Prince is an obscure question, but I believe that for s,ome time a demand has been made on this Government for a considerable amount of property which belonged to King Joachim at his death. On his arrival in Naples be brought much treasure with him-much, Ihave been told, was invested in the funds. In the year 1831 a demand for restitution was made by the family, but Do attention was paid to it, and every now and then the popular voice has it that the French Government is about to enforce such demands. The pretensions of Murat to the crown and his demands tor the property of his ancestor forme, therefore, a subject of apprehension which hangs like the sword of Damocles above the heads of the Royal family. I am disposed to believethatthisuDsno exaggeration, as I have heard a member of that family say, "We have more to fear from the French than from the English." Who wiU dare to predict what is in reserve for this kingdom? That things cannot continue so all are agreed, but what will be the solution? You will say that I have been maling these predictions for the last two years. So much the nearer, then, are we to the catastrophe, for I, as one who sees and hears everything that passes, and who watches aU the lights and shadows of the social system, cannot but declare that the evils und&r which this country groans are intolerable, and ought to be put a stop to by Christian Europe. As mental progress is checked in every possible way, so is the locomotion of the body. The system of passports binds men to their native province or village. Commerce is ruined. Private property suffers often through the forced absence of the proprietor. The student, chained to his provincial school, suffers; and all is done to save the dynasty of the Bourbons. The Kingdom of the Two Sidilies is like a little private farm, and its occupahts but serfs of the absolute master, and to maintain this system the mind must be and is brutalized, and the brute kept down by means adapted only to a brute. There is little passing of any great moment. It is a time of repose and expectation, but, sooner or later, we shall have another of those galvanic movements which periodically occur, for Italy does not sleep-of that be assured. Among recent arrivals are ir. Lowe, of the Board of Trade, and Sir C. Lyell, who was preparing for a visit toVesuvus. SPAIN. The Madrid journals of the 19th, like those of preceding days, contain speculations as to tbe manner in which the new Cabinet will be constituted, but they are not worth repeating, inasmuch as Admiral Armero had declared that he would not select his colleagues until after the arrival of M. Mon. It was believed that he intended to govern constitutionally, and that he had no intention of dissolving the Cortes The Epoca bad declared itself in favoiur of the new Cabinet; the other Moderado papers were waiting to see what its policy wlould be before giving it their formal support. Not only did the new Civil Governor of Madrid put an end to the illuminations at the newspaper offices, as previously mentioned, but he imposed a fine on the police for not having prevented them, the Government being determined, he announced, not to tolerate reactionary manifestations of any kind. Admiral Armero, in his capacity of Minister of War, had received the military authorities and the officers of the garrison, and had recommended them to zee that the strictest discipline was maintained in the army in order to render it the support of the laws and the Throne.
SADLER'S WELLS THEA TRE. By performing Rosalind in As you Like i', Mrs. Charles Young, who made her first appearance shortly after the commencement of the present season, has proved herself in the possession of attributes peculiarly her own. At the head of these we would plaee an easy, natural manner that is equally removed from a clever compliance with stage conventions and the timid shortcoming of the amateur. She has formed her conception of the character, she has per. fectly settled her reading, and thus provided with all she requires she proceeds on her own path with a facility that is most remarkable, and is totally di-tinet from care. lessness. The speeohes uttered by Rosalind in male attire are delivered with excellent discrimination of empha;is; and the real deep-seated love she feels for Orlando is mesb delicately manifested in the midst of the banter, bat all this is done without the least appearance of artifice. When the curtain has fallen we feel that the whole character has been fairly played out wi'thout an apparent effort, and wonder that with such excessive, such unruffled smoothness, so much detail has been expressed. In a word, the Rosalind of Mrs. C. Young is the very ideal of neatness. The cast of the play presents one of those happy combinations which do so much credit to the management of Mr. Phelps, and of which we lately had so remarkable a speei. men in the production of Love's Labour's Lost. For himself, he takes the character of Jaques, whom he represents in a state of quiet reflective indolence, luxurious after its fashion, carefully avoiding that ancient method whiclh enjoined upon the melaneholy moralist the arduous task of successively enacting all the personages recounted in the descriptions of the "seven ages." Mr. Lewis BaU has become the recognized impersonator of Shakspearian clowns, and by the quaint pomposity and sham wisdom of his Touchstone he shows his right to his calling. liss Jnny Marston, sprang from a thoroughly artistic stock that has never been appreciated to the extent of its deserts, makes a great deal of the pretty character of Celia, which she plays with singular intellgence. Mr. Robinson looks manly and handsome, and acts judiclously as the aspiring Orlando . and the small but important parts of Old Ada^m and Audrey we brougbt out with great force by Mr. J. W. Ray and xI IsE E. Travers. Amiens, to whom is confided the musical portion of the piece, is impersonated by Miss Eva Brent, who sings with good effeet those pleasnt songs that must be familiar to every truly British audienee.
ASTLBY'S AMPHITHEATRE. The old molodrama Bl Hyder, which ws resuscitated In such vigorous condition as to preserve its vitality for many weeks, has at length been removed to make way for . new equestrian spectacle, founded on a tale by Captain Mayne Reid, and entitled the War Trail, or, thc TVhite Horse of tUC Prairile As the supposed plaoe of action is Mexico, a new colouring is given to the scenery and incidents, which latter are of the kidd geneo rally foand exciting at the foot of Westminsterbridge, tarning on the perils and eecapes of a lady named Isolina de Vargas and the villanies of a gentleman who is so rugged in his wickodne5s as to earn for himself the appellation of the "War Wolf." Through the whole course of adventures the " White Horse" is a prominent figure, Ia accordance with the most approved maxims of normal hippodrame. Moreover, virtue triumphs at last, her agent, being the American " rangers." The amusements of the ring are as varled as ever, Mr. Robinson, by his peiformance on the " bare-backed steed," still maintaining the bigh character of our Transatlantic eousins for conrage and address under the most difficult equestrian circumstances.
LvERrpoOL, Oct. 24.-(By Electric and Inter 13ational Telegraphb)-The amount of specie already shipped on board the IRoyal mail skanship Canada, which leaves this afternoon for Halifax and Boston, is 220,0001., with nore stll going on board. The total amnount it is expected will reach about 235,00l., or a little more. The rIiite' ctains a further list of 252 noncomoisioned officers and soldiers, principally in the Imral Guara, on whom the nmilitarn medal has been cons
Thte ,SHIPWRECKS on the EA$kTEliV COAST. GEiAT YAICUOUH, O5CT. 24, In the hcavy ga1e from E.N.E. with which the ea'stern coast was visited or Thumsday night and vesterday morning some fearful casualties ocaux.-ed among the whipping. The Ontario, a fine vessel of 760 tons, B .four roawter, laden -with coals for Suez, got on the B&rber Sand and soon after wernt to pieces, only about three-quanters of an hour elapsing before she became a total wreck. The whole of the crew v-ith one exception were drowned, and, including the captain's wife, 23 persons in all perished. The onily survivor was the chief mate, Mr. Robertson. who succeeded iU getting hold of a fragment of wreck, and who after d' ft-ng about for two hours was thrown ashore in an exhausted state about a mile and a half below Caistor. The bodies of one man and of Mrs. Balfour, the ,aster's wife, bave been washed ashore. The brig Zdllab, of Whitby, Watson master, and 230 toos hurden, ladew, with corls froua Hlarltepool, lost her canvis during the gale and ('rove on *hore opposite the Thawt Lights, south of Winiterton, where she soon afterwards went to pieces. 'I'be master and four of the crew were drowned, but three hands were saved. The names of two of the three survivors are Ueorge Dring and John Foster. Atteumpts were made for some timite to comumunicate with the wreck from the shore. but the lines projected unfortunately broke. Eventually the survivors were rescued by a boat got off by the Wmnterton beachmen. The schooner Argo, of Yarmouth from Sunderland, went ashore off Winterton, and bacamie a total wreck. The crew were bappily saved. The schooner Saitors, Helenbutg master, of and for Yar,,,nuth from Sun serland, went ashore to the south of Yarr,,otith Pier and becamiie a wreck,; crev saved. The brig Robert and Annie, Captain Deane. of and fron Sunderland for St. Malo, struck oa the Scroby Sards and sunk in deep water in the Cockle Gat; the crew were saved, being picked up by the fishing lugger William and Mary, of Croimier, andt landed at Yarmouth. The South Darbam, Captain Suitor, of and from Sunderland for London, with coals, and the brig Leon, Captamn Tiodars, of and for Palernio from Shields, with coals, both struck on the North Scroby Sand, and in a. very short time went to pieces. Nine of the crew of the Leon saved themselves in their own boat, the renmaining eight were rescued by the Emperor steam tug, of Yarmouth, after having been in the water some time on pieces of the wreck. Many of the latter were much bruised, aid the whole were in an exhausted state. The pilot on board, named Thomas l?awson, of Shields, was untortunately drowned. Of the crew of the South Durham two only were saved, six being drowned. The names of the survivors aro Richard Young and John Watson. The master is atrmong those lost. The two persons saved were rescued by the Emperor steasntug, of Yarmouth, and with all the other survivors who were landed at Yarmouth have been passed to their bionmes by the local representatives of the Shipwrecked Marinprs Society. The Betsy, of Yarmnouth, a small vessel of about 90 tons, went ashore during the gale at Palling, on the Norfolk coast. The crew, four or five hands, were alL lost. The sloop Two Friends, of Grinsby, Deacon, master, from Sunderland for London, drove ashore on the Gorleston beach, and became a wreck in a few minutes. The crew were all saved. The Norwegian bark Hlenrick Dupont Minote, Kruze master, from Browig for ;Fecanms, with deals, was lost upon the Hansnorough Band. lhe crew took to their boat, and all succeeded in getting into it with the exception of the master and carpenter. Thea- unfortunate men could not be taken off, and it is feared that they were drowned, aS the vessel wassoon broken up by thc fury of the waves. The muen in the boat were picked up by the Patriot fishing vessel and landed at Yarmouth. A hoat has also been noticed off Winterton bear. ing the name of " St. Katharine, Hartlepool." As some wreck was also observed drifting about, fears are entertaintd with re,gard to the fats of ome other veMs,L
"I NDOPlIL& 'dt7 c4A'E SIR HENRY R USSELL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Ilu your paper of Thursday "I ndophiluls" gives an e:rtract from a letter addressed by the late Sir Hiensy Russull to Thte Times on the 27th of April, 1842. I quote the opening of the very letter:- " Sir,-Our tenure of India must, under all circumstances, ba a military tenure. If we do not hold it by the exercise of our arms, at least we hold it by the impression of them. If ever we are thought to have lost our umilitaxy supremacy, I am afraid no other will remain to us. By our army we must either stand or faU. The most iearful of all disasters that we can dread, therefore, is a disaffection among our native troops. Of this no menace has yet appeared. On the contrary, during our late reverses their fidelity, under the most intense privations, has been as exemplary as ever it was. When it does occur, and occur it vill, unless it is pre^eded and anticipated by some other, it will be the work of some one bold, able man of themselves who obtains Influence among them. Such a person has never 1 et appeared, ic is true; but it would be a delusion in us to assuine that nosuch person will appear. The natives of India are not an unlikely stook for such a shoot to spring frorlu, nor is the mass ill-suited to the rising of such a leaven. The danger if ever it docome will be abrupt. Itwill be an explosion. It will give no warning. It wil be upon us before there has been time to arrest it. The mischief will have been done before its approach has been discovered. It is only by being foreteen that such a danger can be averted." The passage immediately following that selected by " Indophilus " rusns thus:- " The more busily the troops are employed the more they may be relied upon, and there seems little likelihood at present of their remaining idle. In our own territory, as well as in the territory of our allies, we must be provided against every emuergency. Forces, equipped for rapid movement and effactive service, must be maintained within reach of oce another. No point on our frontier, no quarter of our territory, must bo suffered to feel itself at liberty. No incursion will be attempted from abroad, no rising will be attempted at home, if it is not encouraged by the appearance of impunity. Even if these preparations should not be required to repel attack or suppress insurrection, the very apsearance of them may serve the purpose of preventing it. For this purpose our army, for a time at least, must be increased. Large establishuments must be maintained ; great expenditure must be incurred. The press ne upon the fnances must be heavy, but that is unavoidable. It is our lifr that is at stake; and when the patient is in extremity the most costly remedies must be resorted to, tbough his estate should bs mortgaged to pay the physiclan's fees mad druggist's bill." It is to be regeetted that, in support of his position, " Indophilus" should have selected an isolated passage from a letter the entire tenouxr of which he must have seea is diametrically opposed to the opiniion he represents it as bustainmig. I cannot allow my father to be quoted among those who are Laid to have entertained no apprehension of a disaffection among our native troops or snggested no precautionary nieasures. The passages I have quoted show that he did forewarm, and, had he pomessed the power, would have forearmed. I am. Sir. vour obedient sArvant CHARLES RUSSELL. Swallowfield, Oct. 23.
TO THE SDITOR OP THE TIMES. SIr,- fiy I ask Yon to correct an error in the letter of lndophilusi in yovr paper to-day. It was Mr. Alonzo Money, not Mfr. Alonzo Murray, who xemaaned at Gya, when ordered to leave, and was the mesos of saviog and bringaug into Calcutta at the risk of his life sieven lacs of treas%ure. I am. Sir. Your obedlient servant. C. F. S. MONEY. S. John's Parsonage, Oct. 24.
THE GBAVE AT OAWNPORE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I travelled a few days since with a gentleman, a retired officer of engineers, who is a near relative of seven of the Cassupore victims ; five of them were young ladies, one of them was the writer of that little chronicle of woe which you published some weeks back. and over which thousands of tears (not all feminine) have been shed since then. Among many interesting things which this intelligent mnan said there was one which, it strikes me, ought not to pass and perish with a casual railway journey. " They talk," he eaid, "of raising a monument over that well. They don't understand the natives, or they would do nothing o£ the sort. What does afindoo care for a marble pyramid or obelisk? Now, what they should do is this,Build above that well a Christian temple, as small as you like, but splendid, so that after generations of Christians shall say to as many generations of Mahomedans or Hindoos, 'Look here ! On this spot your fathers wrought the blackest of their deeds to get rid of Christianity from India. See what came of it I Christian ritep are now oele. brated and Christian worship presented on the ver site of that well, and above the ashes of 200 martyrs !' That would be worth 100 missionaries." Surely, Sir, to print this will be enough to commend it Io 10,000 minds as well worthy at least of a thought. I believe that, whether the temple were Episcopalian or Nonconfoimist, there wos'ld be raised In a wiek, throughout London alone, the entire expense that would be demanded by the scheme. What an illustration it woud be for coming -ges to vitness of the sacred truth,-"He maketh the wrath of man to praise Him ! " T 2m R von-fsAt.hrnl - f rv-nt l c. UCt. 24. btI1:IDE OF MAJOR WARBURTON, M.P.-It )econies our painful duty to record the death of Major *Warburton, M.P. for Harwich, who debtroyed himself on F'riday morning, about 8 o'clock, at his residence, at Frant, by shooting himself. A surgeon was eeut for, but could render no assistance, as the unfortunate gentleman expfred almost immediately afcerthe fstal act was comiitted. We are unable to give any further pasticars at so shorct a notice. An inquest will, of course, be held on the body. It rny be unknowvn to many of ouUr readers that the deceased gentleman wvas a brother d( the 1s Eliot Warhurton, whose untimely fate i8 so well knsgn tG tk em,-Ton dge Wells
-IHE LATE COLLISIoN ON TPE SOUTH TVALEg RAILWAY. T'e inquest before Mr. Collins at Swansea on the bodis of Mr. George Ashman and Mrs. Elizabeth 1srael was c in. tinued up to Friday night and again adjourned. The otnser witnesses examined were- Edgar Evans, station clerk at Port Talhot, wbose testimony was substantially the same as that given by him at the Neath inquest, and already reported in T'hc Times. In addition he distinctly denied the truth of Miss Lie wellyn's statement respecting the reception of such a message as " Can passengers come on ?" and also as to his debating with Barney as to what reply should be returned. In answer to the jiiry witness said he was 17 years of age, and his salary 601. per annum. When Mr. Turn, r was returning from removig the broken down goods train witniess asked him where was the down passenger train, and Mr. Tarner replied, " coining afterhim." Witness deposed that he put thILs question to Mr. Turner because the down train was so late, and he was anxior s to know where it was. This witness was severely cross-examlned by Ir. Tripp with re. spect to the message alleged by Miss Llewellyn to have reen received at Port Tal]bot, * Can passengers come on ?" He swore no such mnessage was read by hint. By Mr. Owen.- I will swear p.-,sitively that Barney did not say in iiy hearing "' They don't understand me, nor I " don't understand tbem," nor words to that effct. I did bear himn say, " They are making a fool of isue." When Mr. Turner returned I did not tell him that the S'.ormy beU had been ringing, or that a message had been received. I heard Mr. White swear at Neath that he had received a message "- Send down train on up line." I did not send such a message. I swear that Miss Llewellyn's evidence is false. Henry Barney, office porter of Port Talhot, repeated his previous evidence. He, by direction of Mr. Turner, telegraphed to Stormy to stop all trains at Stormy until they heard from him. He caUed Stormy 27 mninutes before they replied to binl. On a cross-examination by Mr. Tripp witness swore that he did not hear Miss Llewellyn tell Evans that she did not think they understood the telegraph. I read off the message "Passengersleft" in the presence of E vaub,and loud enough for him to hear it. This was the only message read off that morning. I will swear that neither I nor Evans read off the mess~age " Can passengers come on?" or any portion of such message. There was no debating between myself an,d Evans as to any message which was receivedi. WiJL swear I never heard such an expression as " Here is a fine mess !" Wben a message was sent "passengers lft.," I asked Evans wjas reply I should send he said, " Don't bother me," or somethiiig to that effect. By Mr. O wen.-I learnt the telegraph in a week. I was exaiwined by Mr. Turner and Mr. Briant. Miss Llewellyn might have heard me spell the nmessage " Passengers left." I will swear no such message was read as " Can passengers conie on ." Will swear no such words were used as " We don't understand them ;" nor " they don't understand us," nor words to that etlect. There was no confusion between myself and Mr. Evans-no such expression was used as " Here is a fine mess." My wages are I56d. per week. my age 28, and I am married. If Mr. White has sworn that he received a message to "send down passengers' train en up line" it is false. Jobn Roberts, guard of the 7 5 up train was next exam,ined. Ris evidence has already been publislhed. Edward Williams, guard of goods train, corroborated the evidence already given by him at the Neath inquiry, Mr. W. Sandars, of Cardiff, rope manufacturer, said,-I was a passenger by the down train on the day of the accident. When at Pyle I heard a message that we were to stoap, and we remained there about an bour and a quarter. When at Pyle I heard that we were not to proceed until they heard from Mr. Turner. I cannot say by whose orders we returned to Stormy. I was sitting near Ashman when the collision happened. I looked out of the window and saw the train cotiling about hblf-a.tnilo off. I jumpcd out just as the collision took place. I saw Ashman jammed in between the breakage of the carriage where he sat. H3is left leg was out to pieces, And he received bruises in the head. fe died just before getting to Neath. When we assed Pyle I should think we were going about 30 miles an hour, hut this was afterwards sensibly diminished, and at the tnte of the collision we were going at a pace of about in milles an hour. By the Foreman.-When the trainwas first seen approaching us is would be impossible for the driver, or others, to prevent the collision. Richard Knapp, policeman at Port Tal'ot, added nothing material to his former evidence. He swore that he did noe tell anyone that the down train was expected on the up line. William Forshaw, driver of the Bp goods train on the day in question, said, when he was ready to proceed from lIort Talbot Knapp, the policeman, told him he must not go on, as they had telegraphed front Stormy to come on on the up line. He was not positive whether the words were they'll telegraph," or " they've telegraphcd." Do not know what was meaut by " tbev." When at Port Talbot. and when I was moving into the siding, I expected the down train would come down on the up line, and told Knapp to send a man up the up line to prevent them sunning into us. He said that the train would come slowly on the wrong line, and that there was no fear. Thomas Webster, of Glocester, stoker of the 9 5 up goods train frorin Swansea, swore that Knapp, the policeuian, told him they must cross over, as the down goods had broken down, and they were comiDg down the up line. Don't know whether " they" referred to the goods or the passengers' train. Hleard nothing about a telegraphic mes- sage. John Days, policeman at Stormy, repeated his former evidence. After the examination of Davey, also of the Stormy station, who added nothing material to his evidence already given, the tnquiry was further adjourned until Tuesday fortnight, November 10, in order to secure the attendance of Mr. White, stationmaster of Stormy, who was understood to be in London procuring- the necessarv baiL
COLLISION ON THE STOUR VALLEY.RAILWAy. TO THE EDITOR OF TElE TIMES. Sir,-In every case of railway accident it is fit that the public shovld be acquainted through your columns with the true facts of the case, but this becomes a positive duty wbere, as in this instance, the accident, with all its lamentable consequences, is clearly traceable to the most cclpable ne"ligence on the part of the servants of the company. i'he collision occurred exactly opposite the distance signal of the Dadley Port Station. Will it be believed that a ball'it train Of perhaps 20 loaded WaggOns was being bhunted on the main line, in the dusk of the evening, in the midst of a fog which for density is rarely equalled even in London. and in the face of a fast train 8everal minutes over. It is true that fog signals had been placed on the raUs, and had not the engine drivers with the utmost promptitude reversed the engines the result would have been frightful. As it was, the speed being reduced to from 12 to 15 mUes per hour, the concussion was very severe, and many of the passen ers were much bruised and 8haken. The leading engine of the passenger train was a perfect wrcck, and the driver and stoker were both much injured; but singularly enough the second engine, which followed immediately behind the other, almost escaped injury. Does not this suggest the advantage of using before the engine of every train a buffer carriage specially constructed to lessen the force of a cololson ? I believe such a precaution would be the means of saving the lives and limbs of nmany poor drivers and stokers, who are always the first to suffer, and often, as in this case, quite innocently, and would, moreover, lessen the danger to passengers and the loss to tho company. I am, Sir, thanks be to God, Your nhpdiAe,t --,vs,,C --waOl: s=I. Birmingham, Oct. 23.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIiUES. t;ir,-From your jastly acquired reputation for truth and justice I appeal to you to insert in your journal the follow. ing statement relative to the miserable catastrophe which oconrred on the South Weles Railway, October 14. Three gentlemen-viz., C. T. Coathupe, M. Ooates, and E. Coathupe, all senior pupils and dressers at the Bristol Royal Infirmary, were passengers in the train at the time of the collision, an,d for two hours rendered most valuable services to the wounded, using most skilfully the means at their comuand, by making rough splints for the fractured limbs, applying dressings, and in all cases adopting those surgical means necessary for the immediate relief of the sufferers; all which from their intimate acquaintance with severe accidents they were so well able to do Having nmade minute inquiries into the nature of tbe accidents, I find that among the wounded there were five persons with severe compound fractured legs, one complicated with copious hnemoirhage on the slightest motion, and l have no hesitation insaying that if it had not been for the timely and judicious treatment of these 'gentlemen tnost or all of these cases would have proved fataL I have waited for several days to see some honourable mention made of the assistance afforded by these gentlemen, but as no notice has been talen of it I can no longer refrain from making the public, the injured persons, and the railroad company acquainted with the facts. I remain. Sir. vours nhapii,tlv RALPH AL BERNXRD. burgeon to the Bristol Royal Infirmary. 3, Victoria-square, Clifton, Bristol.
RAILWAY SIGNALS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Oblige me by inserting in your valuable paper these two or three lines correcting an error in Colonel Paterson's letter of Thursday last (22d inst.), in which he calls my invention a " combination of reflectors." In mine there is no combination, but a most powerful sir.! dimiDishing reflector, my object being to obtain a great end by the mlos sinple means. I tried it on the North-Western as far back as December, 1-q47, although I never made it known Until Thursday, the 15th inst., when you kindly inserted my letter. On referring to my original sketch I finad I there called it " A friend in need ;" and I think it would indeed prove one if brought into practice. . Apologizing for again troubling you. T remnain srW JOHN PARitY. ooeclent servant, St. ADdrew's, Soutbsea, Oct. 23.
WOODS AND FoRESTs.-A ponderous blue-book of 260 pages, published on Saturday, contains the 25th report of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, being the sixth nnder the Act 14th and 15tb Victoria, cap. 42. This report is wholly filled with information of a purely local and sreCfic cha. racter, involving questions of leases of land, houses, &c., the cultivation and cleaning of sundry forests, the repairs of roads, and endless finance accounts. It appears that the receipts of the commissioners on account of the " capital of the land revenue" for the year ended 31st March, 1857, amounted ti the sum of 160,82. (bcash), and the disbursements to 130,2891., leavinga balance in csh of 20,W371. The greater portmon of the roceipts arose from sales of estates and land. The " incezo of the land revenue" for the year was 487,2,401., and the 40n.eurrent er:penditure 169,0241., leaving a. sum of 284,857L paid over te tbe Exchequer as snrplns incomes, and 33,2,.e ag ^ nt piita blance on thAt QiL °f 3b 18b7.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Basing2lWsireet, Oa. 2'. IU RE SMITH, HILDER AIND CO. (Before Mr. Commissio:.r FAX-R I hloe bankrupts were the proprietors of the Hastings Old Bank. This was a meeting for the proof of debts and the examination of Mr. Hilder. The same legal gentlemen attended as oa Friday. Mr. STURGFON tendered a proof for 3,0001. on behalf of Mr. Edwrd Yates, son and executor of Mr. Edward Yates, against the separate estate of Tilden Smith, one of the bankrupts. The claim arose upon a joint and several promissory note for 3,0001. as given by Tilden Smith, Richard Smith, and Henry Smith. Mr. Sturgeon said that his client, feeling somewhat alarmed by the case of the Royrl British Bank, pressed Mr. Tilden Smith for payment; Mr. Smith suggested the allowance ol time, and that additional security would in the meantime be given. Acting upon this suggestion Mr. RusEell had endorsed the bill. It was contended for the assignees that this endorsement had voided the bill altogether, being a material alteration In the bill and a fraud upon the stamp laws, and cases were cited in support of that view. The proof was rejected on the bill, Mr. Yates to be at liberty to tender the proof in another form. Mr. James Hilder, about 87 years of age, examined, said that he managed the RobertAbridge branch of the business. The stoppage of the bank took place on the 26th or 27th of June last. There was about 3061. in hand. He paid that money away, but he did not know to whom. s son, John Hilder, had access to the money, and it was probable that he took some of it away, The remainder was doubtless appropriated by himself (the bankrupt). He might have had 601. or more himself, which he subsequently disbursed in wages and necessaries. He did not know the amount he paid away for wages. His books would not show it. He had some poor relations who now aud then wanted a little money. Latterly he had not entered everything in his books. He could not tell exactly the date when he ceased to enter items. The last items on the credit and debit sides of the cashbook in his handwriting were two entries on the 24th of June. When he did not make entries himself his clerk, Adams, had orders to make them forhim. Adams had made entries for him up to the 30th of June. A-iything that he should have paid away it was his duty to enter. lie could give no further account of the 50 ElaHis son, a farmer, farms about 20 acres, in addition to land in which he has a*life interest. It was not his son's custom to inform him (bankrupt) what he did with money obtained from him. He had not done so on this occasion, nor had he been asked. On the 24th of June there was an entry of 5091. on the credit 8ide. His son had had that amount 20 years ago, and he thought be could write it off on that day. The cash was debited on the same day with the receipt of 4091 fros Hilder and Stander, and 1001. from John Hilder. No such recelpt took place. On the 18th of June there was an entry of 1231. 2s. lOd. as received from John uilder. He did not receive that sum as stated. The references in the margin, marked "P. L.," referred to his private ledger. That book had been destroyed, he believed, since bis bankruptcy. On the 18th of June there was an entry on the credit aide of the cashbook of 5401. as received from John Hilder in resp ct of three years' intereat on bond to the 31st of Deeembr, 1856. He dared say that amount was paid, but he was not sure. His son generally signed his name in the cashbook for all moneys received. On the 3d of September, 1852, there was an entry of 5001. as paid to him. That entry was in his son's handwrit. Iug. His son had as much money as he liked from him. He supposed other people gave their children money sometimes. (Laughter.) He believed his son took the 500o himself, but he had no doubt that, with his permission, he debited himself with the amount in his private ledger. All the gifts and presents he made his son were, he geeved, entered to his debit in the private ledger. He used to teli his son that he might take what he liked as a gift. He did not know that he told bim in so many words every time he gave him anything that it was a gift, but that was the understanding. The money was his (bankrupt's) own. and he thought he could do what he liked with it. Would not you ! (A laugh.) He gave his son John permission todraw to any amount; there was no limit whatever. He told him he might take whatever he liked, and that he should never espect to be repaid. His son John was now on the continent somewbere-Boulogne or Calais, he thought-for change of air. He had not heard from him for some weeks. He was in this country at the time of the bankruptcy, but he went away in July or August. In consequence of excitement occasioned by his (hr. James ililder'b) bankruptcy he was taken unwell and became subject to spitting of blood. His family were no', with hun now, but they went to see him sometimes. He was not staying away for fear of arrest or any of that sort of thing. There was nothing to prevent bim coming to London that he knew of. On the 20th of June last he (bankrnpt) drew a check upon the bank for 501. Hle expended that money, but among whom he would not say, because his granddaughter would not like everybody to knXow it. He could recollect the names if he liked, but he desired not to mention them, and he therefore dechned to do so. He might have kept a tolerably close and correct account of all his outlay. From time to time he had received sums from the bank as his share of the rofits. When the other parties took he used to take. It March 1854, he received '5001.; in February, 1855, another 5001.; in December, 1855, 100l.; and on the 21st of February, 1857, 5001.,-making 1,6001. He had paid aU these amounts away, hut he did not know exactly to whom. He should not wonder if they were given to his son John as presents. He did not, he thought, give them to his son when they were received, but vary likely a little time after. He did not think those amounts were entered in the private ledger, because he intended to give them to him absolutely. Of the first 5001. he gave him, he thought, 4001. or 4501. He did not recollect what he said to bin. He bad no memory for that. That was all the account he could give as to ihe 1,6001. All the moneys that went through John's hands were presents, and were appropriated to John's own use, He did not know when the entries of the 18th, 20th, and 24th of June were made. They were not in expectation of the bankruptcy that he knew of. He sup5,osed they had got the books out, and therefore mnade the entries. They had not the books open every day, sometimes not for a month, sometimes not for three months; but the entries were, of course, made at the time they bore date. He did not know of any particular reason for makingthe entry of the 24th. He had not heard that the bank was going to stop. Scrivens did not let bin know about that, but took the whole on himself. He might have known that the bask was i a precarious situation. It mighihave been a week or two before the bank stopped that he thought it was in a precarious position. He had known for some time previously that Smith's account was overdrawn, but heknew of nothing to induce him to believe that all might not go on welL Smith's family had overdrawn their account for some time, and had got very much into the bank's debt. Scrivens told him about two years ago that Richard Smith had paid 1,0001. He did not tell binihbow much Smith owed, but said he thought the account looked better. The amount owing by Smith was not so large as the entire amount of notes issued by the bank. The failure of Richard Smith had, no doubt, stopped the bank. As early as February, 1848, he wrote to the Smiths to reduce their account, but he was not afraid then that the amount they owed would break the bank. He might have been so dissatisfied at one time as to have said that if Tilden Smith did not leave the concern he would do so. In March, 1850, he bad written to Scrivens saying that Smith's affairs " looked frightful." Upon being referred to sa letter (produced) he found that he was mistaken as to the total amount of Smith's debt. He found that at one time it was 31,0001., being about 7,0001, or 8,0001. more than the amount of notes they had in circulation. He was very anxious at that time about their comnexion with Smith. In 1848 he mortgaged his own estates to a Mr. Luck for 6,0001. This money was used for the purposes of the bank, and it was repaid to Luck in 1851 he thought. The settlement made upon his son was dated the 22d of July, 1852. At that time he knew the state of their affairs, but he was not at all anxious then about Smith's concern. The settlement disposed of all his landed property and, indeed, everything he possessed, excent his household furniture and share in the bank. The settfement gned over the whole of the property for the benefit of his son John. subject to some prior payments. His son James diedin 1856. The allowances to him were to be found in his books. The total amount he gave to him was between 12, 0001. and 13,0001. The last payment he made on his bCscent was for funeral expenses. All his transactions with Jobn were not in his books-some were in theprivate ledger. With respect to the private ledger there mtght have teen something contained in it with regard to James that his (bankrupt's) wife did not wish everybody to know, and therefore she destroyed it. At the time he made the settlement in favour of John he did not think of the bank's position, and he had no idea that Richard Smith's concern vould bring the bank to ruin. Sinee 1848 the balance due from the Smiths had been reduced, but not at any time wholly paid. He was afraid there would be a loss if George Scrivens did not make them balance. There was no particular reason why he should hbave made the settlement at that time. Certainly one inducement was an idea in his mind that his son James would make away vwith the property in case of his death. His sonJames was born ore marrn age, but he was not aware that he bad not the power to take everything. He supposed that he could have accepted whatever he might have given to him. His object was to keep James from ruining the family. He did not make the settlement, being afraid I of the bank's position. He was very much inclined to think that the reason he had mentioned was the only one he had for malsing the assignment. He was under the IMpressiorn that he bound John naot to give James any of the property stettle uPon him. Jamnes was 37 years of age when he died. He thought his private ledger was destroyed after the stop. paeof the bank. His wi.fe was not of a mind that the hook should injure his character. About the time the settlement was made a Statement was prepared by George Sornvens, showing that the hank was then solvent. He did not know wvhether that was the fact or net. He did not know why such an account was required. The hankrupt in giving the above evidence did so withi evident reluctance, occasionally muttering remarks to the effect. that he considered himself very ill-used in being subjected to such anL examnination.
INThXDATION AT IALESWORTH.-])uring the whole of Thursday, the 22d of October, and the greater part of the succeeding night the rain fel heavUly without intermsson, accompanied in the night with a tempest. Early on Friday morning the inhabitants occupying houses built in the lower part of the town, on being aroused from their slumbers, discovered to their inconvenience and loss their furniture, stock-in-trade, eatables, and other effects floating, in some instances, three feet above the ground-floor. Tbe prlnc,pal Eufferers are understood to be the follow ing :-Hr. N. Burgess, ironmonger; Air. Davy, draper; Messrs. Easterson aad Son, iroLfonmders; Mr. Dyer, clothier ; Mr. Gobbold, tailor; and Miss Gooda, dressmaker. Various damages were sustained by the falling of walls, &c, Many of the oottagers in Chediston-street and Barrack-yard were obliged to remain in their bed-rooms until the water had subeided. The river became swollen some six to eight feet above its accustomed level. So high a flood has not occurred snc, the TewnabidFge was bowV np abe-t 27 eyars
POLICE. MAYSION-HEUS-Two Frenchmen, named Victor Aluso and Vicetr Herchon, were brought before Mr. Alderman WIRE, charged with smuggling brandy. The prisoners were fined 30e. each, and committed in default to prison for Eeven days, the brandy being forfeited to the Crown, BOW-STRLE.T.-A young woman, named Elizabeth West, lodging iu Tobins-court, St. GCies's, was charged with splitting open the heads of two little boys, named John Beaten and Edward Cvnins (between seven and eight years of age) with a poker. It appeared from the evidence of witnesses living in the same hose that the accused appeared to have a thorough hatred to chUdren, and iM-.sed them whenever she had an opportunity. On the previous day she was heard using fearful language towards complainants, and then seen to rush out and attack them with the poker, beating them over their heads. A constable was sent for, and on his arrival he found in the back yard a pool of blood which had come from the heads of the two boys, who wero still bleeding from the wounds inflicted. They were taken to a surgeon's, and on witness taking the prisoner into custody she said tbechildren had been annoying her. lIe thought she was a little wrong in the head. She got her living by selling fruit. The prisoner, in answer to the charge, said very coolly, 'I did not strike them with the poker until provoked to do it. I had repeatedly warned tem to away from my window, hut they disturbed me so that I could not calcuLate wha a had bought and sold." Mr. .T,ARD1B ordered *her to be sent to the workhouso, to undergo medtcal examination as to the state of her mind. MARYLEBONE.-George Groundwell, a labourer, wai brought up on remand and placed at the bar before Mr. Loh'G, charged with having in a pugilistic contest, in a field by the liarrow-road, Paddington, caused the death of a man Damed William Hodgkins. The particulars of what transpired upon the first inquiry appeared in our paper of Friday, and it will be remembered that after Hodgkins was knocked down by a tremendous blow on the head he was lifted up from the ground in a state of insensibility, and removed in a cab to lt. Mary's Hospital, in which institution he expired in a few hours after his admission. Another man, Henry Rubridge, who had been taken into custody for an assault, upon which he stood remanded, was now charged with having aided and abetted as a second in the fight which unhappily had a fatal termination. The officers In the case were Thrush, 4; Beckly, 29; Cooper, 67; and Moutford, 126, all of the D division, and it was shown in the course of the investigation that Rubridge had rea4ly seconded the deceased, although for some time he tersisted that he had not done so, adding, "If Hodo nns had taken my advice he would have given up the battye 20 minutes before he did, when he observed that he would either be 'oeaten or killed." At the John-street stationhouse he (Rubridge) alleged that he intended to have given himself up after the coroner's inquest. Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Rogers, house surgeons at the hospita), gave their decided opinion that death was the result of a blow upon the head, thereby caueing a compression of blood on the vessels of the brain, deceased being at the time the worse for drink. Dr. Burneys, Professor of Chymistry at St. Mary's, de. posed that he examined some liquid which by means of the pump had been drawn from the stomach, and found therein the presence of opium, hut not by any means sufficient in quantity to cause death. The prisoners, who had nothing 'o say, further than that they should reserve their defence, were both committed on the charge of manslaughter for trial at the Central Criminal Court, WoR=P-sTRKRT.-WilLiam. Edwards, Edward Sanders, Ellen Howard, and Ellen Sullivan, the men determined fellows well known to the police, and the women of loose character, were charged before Mr. HAMMILL with the following robbery and assaults:- Groves, a constable cf the H dlvison, was on daty in the Whitechapel-road at 3 o'clock in the morning of the 13th of this month, when upon ccidentally looking up to the Darapet of some leads running out from the first floor of No. 105, tenanted by Mr. Venables, a linendraper in a large way of business, he saw the pnisoner Edwards get over the parapet an drop into the street. He dropped from a good height and fell very heavily, but before Groves could get up to him he rccovered sufficiently to regain his feet, and ran off as fast as he could. Groves pursued and spraog his rattle, which brought up lAttlefield and Warner, two other officers, who saw Sanders and the woman Howard so rapidly making across the road 40 yards from the prosecutor's house tha%t Littlefield stopped the woman, and Warner pursued Sanders, who ed as soon as he saw him. Howard, who was intoxicated, had a large bundle beneath her shawl, containing her husband's clothing, as she stated; but on the officer telling her he knew this to be false, and that he should take her In charge, she became very outrageous, flung herself upon her back on the pavement, and on the bundle taing opened it was found to contain five coats. In the meantime Warner kept up his chaoe of Sanders, whom he overtook and caught hold of but Sanders immediately tripped him up with great force, kicked him violently upon the hip as he lay on the ground, and again set off. Warner followed him as soon as he had recovered from the fall and the kick, and had nearly got up to him, when Sanders suddenly stopped, turned, rau straight at him, and, lowering his head, butted him in the chest with such violence that the constable reeled several feet till he fell in the gutter, And the prisoner, who was unable to stop himself, went on and rolled over him. This enabled TDonoway, a fourth officer, to get up and pull the pSisoner away, but as soon as he got him up the prisoner ricked him violently upon the legs, resisted with determination, and behaved so outrageously that it was only with the greatest difficulty he could be got to the station. E4wards and Sullivan were afterwards secured this woman having also a coat in her possession, -which she Eaid one of the men had given her, ands she was not known, and there was a doubt in her case, she was ordered to be discharged. Groves produced a large knife, found where Edwards had dropped into the street, and which Edwards acknowledged was his; Wayman, Mr. Venables's porter, proved barring, locking, and chaining the private doorunder the leads on the night before, and that the bar was found forced off in the morning; theparlourmaid deposed to finding the three drawing-room windows, looking on to the leads, wide open, though they were olosed the previous evening, andto finding severalhalf.burntlucifenmatchesthrownlooselybythethieve8 about the carpet; aud Mr.Venables andassopmanidentified the property produced as theirs, and to be worth in the whole about 111., and stolen from the hall and parlour, to which also the thieves had had access. All agreed that the burglars must have been alarmed, but by whom or in what mannernobody seemed to know. Sanders was stated to be then under remand, upon bail, from Clerkenwell Policecourt, to take his trial for felony at the Middlesex Sessions. but that in consequence of his being in custody here his bail could not produce him. Each prisoner impudently croes-examined the constables, but without offering any defence, and were all three committed for triaL CLnRxENw,zL.-Richard May, of Albion-place, Dorsetstreet, Ball's-pond, a laundryman, appeared before Mr. TYRmVwinT in answer to a summons taken out by the Imperial Gaslight and Coke Company, charging him 'aith having unlawfully in his possession 150 feet of Iron gas tubing, the property of the company, which they alleged had been stolen. Mr. HL B. Wak-eling appeared for the defendant, and Mr. T. Hersey, the chief inspector of the company, was present to wateh the case, which excited a great deal of interest in a crowded coart. Mr. Hersey said he attended on behalf of the company, and was proceeding to open his case, when 3fr. Wakeling objected, and said that the compsay had plenty of money, and were well able to employ legal assistance, and therefore he must object to Mr. Hlersey, who had no locus standi in that court. Mr. George Baker, said, -r am an Inspector in the employ of the Imperial Gaslight and Coke Company for the Islin~ton division. From information I receivea I went to Albionplace, Holloway-road, where I saw a quantity of pipe, which I believe to belong to the Gas Company. It bore upon it the maker's mark and a small crown upon the socket. I measured the pipe, and found 90 feet of inch and 36 feet of i-inch wrought iron pipe. That was on Friday, the 16th; and the next morning Xwent and took away two lengtha from the same premises, There was also a quantity of the same sort of pipe under ground. I examined them very minutely and founu them to be of the same description as those we have in store. The pipe I found had never been used, had not been under ground. and was quite noew. I am the person who is authorized to give out the pipe. The company never seli any of the pipe, old or new, and no person has any right to have possession of it. On the 17th I went to Albion-place, IBAl's-pond, where the defendant now reeides, and I also saw a quantity of the company's pipe there. There was 92 feet 6 inches of new wrought iron pipe. Cross-examined.- man named Dean now resides at Albion-place, Holloway. I write an order for the pipe to be given out when it is wanted. The senior officer of the district gives out the pipe. I do not measure it when it gmes out or when it comes home. Mr. WakeliDg.-An it would be as well that the company should know how their business is transacted, perhaps you will be kindenoughto say if the pipe is measured at ali when it goes out or comes home. Witness.-The senior officer of the district gives out the pipe, hut it is not measured then or when it comes home. mr. Mould Ithe chief clerk.)-Have you missed any pipe? Witness.-Yes; a large quantity. In answer to a question from Mr. TYRwam the witness stated that there was a service of pipe laid down on the 30th of July in Bemerton-street, Islington. The men who laid the pipe charged for 38 feet 5 inches of i-inch pipe, but upon opening the surface he found that only 27 Seethad been ned; what had become of the difference he could not telL On the same day, and in the same district, another service of pipe was laid, when 39 feet of inch pipe and 7 feet of i Inoh were charged, but only 38 feet were laid. He knew the pipe which he found to belong to the company, because it was steamed and tarred. No other company's pipe in London underwent the same process. It was steamed for the purpose of testing it. A gentleman who attended from the manufacturer of the pipe said thati the pipe produced was the company's property. They made other pipe for the London arnd country gas companies, but it was not so stout nor so good as that manufactured for the Imperial Company. Thomas Poulson said that about six or seven weeks since the defendaut asked him to buy some pipe like that produced. Whert he first saw it he at once said it was like the company's pipe, but the defendant said it was not, and added that he had bought it cheap and could affordto sellit cheap. A short time after this the defendant met him In the parlour of a publichouse, and then in the presence of a gasfitter offered to sell him the pipe for 17s. or 18s. Croes-examined by Mr. Wakeling.-The pipe was not concealed, but was standing, so that any one could see it in the defen ant's yard. The defendant saw the gasfitter In the parlour, and offered to sell him the pipe, but he said it was no use to him. Mr. WYakeliag said he wras prepared to admit that the plpe was the ompsny's pipe. Hl8 client had bought the pipe opeuly Ot the ompany's servants, and there had been Fo cosncealmgt at all in the matter. 3ive c s aId have bee-a in the service of the company about 13 years as a pipe borer. I sold the defendont May some pipe belonging to the oompany abolut two years ago. It was about 90 feet. Mr. TVRWnrHI.-.YoY are riot bound to say anything that wisll criminate yoursel'. Thig is intended as a caution, and you need not sa7 anything more ulss you please. Witness continued,-When the defendant met me he asked me if could sell him any pipe. I told him I had not got any then, but I said I would see what I could do. kle knew I was in the company's service, and therefore he must have known to Whom the PiPe belonged. When he first spoke to me I hai the company'sa truck with ]pipe on it with me. The defendant paid on the first occasion about lOs. for tIre pipe The man who was with me received the money. We sodhim about 20 or 21 feet of pipe aboutL a month ago. I took the pipe to Yay's place on my shoulder, and I then told him I could not let him have any more. The defendant told me he wanted the pipe for the purpose of conveying water. Mr. Hersey said he was not prepared to go further with the cave that dxy, and asked for a remand for the purpose of obtaining legal assistance. Mr. TYRwmnTr said he saw no objection to that course being pursued, and would remand the case for further inquIry. Since he had heard the evidence the charge had assumed quito a different shape. Mr. Wakeling objeoted to any adjournment. His client was sumnmoned on a specilic charge, and vwas theni ready pre- Ir. TYRwHriTr Tsaid he should most certainly adjourn the case. The defendant might now, perhaps, be charged with receiving the pipe wrell knowring it to have been stolen. He wvould, however, ascept ball for the defendant's appear. ance at the next examination-viz., two sureties in 101., or one in the sum of 20,1. The necessary bail having been put in, the defendant left .he court with his friends. SOUTHNVA' K-The driver of one of the opposition omni. buses plying betwreen Kinaland-gate and the Elephant and Castle, No. 6,608, was summoned by Sergeant Baker, No. 8 Ib, for loitering three minutes in Newington-crauseway. The sergeant proved the case, and said that he was deiied b a person employed by t,he omnibus proprietors to inter. Mr. Austin, the person alluded to, here stepped forward and said that he had the management of those onmibuses, which were a great convenience to the public, but he was sorry to say that through the interference of the police the publc suffered ver much. The contables would not allow them to atop even a minute to wait for a fare, and he contended that they had a right to stop at the starting place The defendant said that he was not aware of doing wrong, as Mr. Austin allowed him to top. Mr. Austin said that was quiit true. He did do so to try the question with the polce, who most unjustly interfered withthe omnibus in question. He considered that two minutes' stoppage at the starting place was a benefit to the public, and not too long. Mr. COMBX told him it was contrary to the law, and he had no business to give such an order. He must really put an end to these practioes by inflicting a heavy penalty. These drivers had no right to stop a moment anywhere unless for taking up or putting down a passenger, Mr. Austin contended that they had a right to wait for a passenger without the police interfering. Mr. COmBE told him that if the polloo had acted wrong he must apply to the Commissioner of kolice. The defendant had misconducted himself, and, as a caution to others, he should fine him 40s. and costs. Shortly afterwards Mr. Austin applied for a mitigation. Hle assured his worship that the reason he acted as he had done was to have the matter settled, as he re-Ily thought the police were exceeding their duty. He would be satisfied with his worship's decision. Mr. CoamBE told him that, under these Circumstances, ho should mitigate the penalty to 5s. and costs. GrmmElUwic.-Samuel Letton and William Letton, brothers, of 5 Atlas-street, Greenwich, appeared on a summons before MXr. TRutL4, chrirged with committing the following violent and unprovoked asault:- Mr. Thomas Gregory Smith, a gentlemani residing at Blackheath, deposed that on Monday evening he was proceeding from Greenwich to his residence, when he met a party of masqueraders on thuir way to Charlton fair, one of whom, dressed as a Turk, struck him a violent blow with a stick on the moath, the others at the same time seizcd him by the back of the head and held him down, the latter named defendant afterwards striking him over the head with a stick. The whole of them then went off to a publichouse, followed by witness, and, baving rmet with two constables, the defendants were pointed out as two of the party who had attacked him. Mr. TRBITL Inquired if either of the defendants was the person who first assaulted him ? The complainant replied In the negative. He at first thought it was the defendant William Letton who did so, but, owing to their changing their costume, he was unable to swear positively. He wzs, however, confident that the second blow was given by him. Two boys having corroborated this evidence, Mr. TRAuL asked the defendants to give the name of their Turkish companion. The defendants positively denied all knowledge of him, sayinge he ad accidentaUy joined them on their way to the fair. They had two witnesses to call, one of whom could not attend, and the other was away from home. Mr. TRAILL said he would postpone the case to a future day if it was wished, in order to allow the witnesses an opportunity of attending. The defendants expressed a wish that the case should be at once disposed of; upon which Mr. TRArrLr said the defendants, being present, and aiding in the outrage committed, were alikeliable to punish. ment as the personL who had first committed the assault. Persons frequenting so blackguardly a place as Charlton fair at night must expect to be iltreated, but it was not to be tolerated that persons masked for the occasion should be at llberty to practise outrages upon persons in the public streets. There seemed, however, to be a difference between the conduct of the defendants, and be should therefore im- posefineof 20s. and costs upon Samuel Letton, and and costs upon Wiliam Letton, or in default 14 days' and one month's imprisonment with hard labour respectively. Thedefendants not being prepared with the money were looked up.
FLOODS IN Essxx 'D Loss oF LO i -On Thurs- day night agreat part of Essex was visaied by a fearful storm, or rather a succession of storms, of thuzder and lightning, and as the rain had fallen heavily throughout the whole of the day the rivers were soon swelled totorrents, which committedterrible devastation in their course. Large tracts of land were speedily flooded, and in the direction towWads Maldon and Crouch whole flocks of sheep were drowned in the fields. Mr. Kemp, an extensive farmer in that ditrict, lost 60 sheep besides some cattle; and on the farm of Mr. Hart, a neighbouring gentleman, whole fields may be sad to have bcen carried away, as the cultivated soU over many acres has been swept off by the foroe of the waters; and the farma bfildings and barns were inundated to the depth of several feet. Al the farms and villages in a direction towards the coast for miles hear trace of the havoc commnitted, mnany houses having been Inundated and much property injured. At Burtiham a sad catastrophe occurred. A -wedding in the towa that dal bad been attended by a party of young farmers frora the nu 3hbouring district, and two of them were on their way bome at night ion a horse and gig when they were met by the flood, and one of them, Mr. J. Rham, jumping out to secure the horse, was swept away by the torrent and rowued. Bn bodiy was found next dayqsome distance from tespot At Colchester Camp the storm was severely felt, a n d d~~ex dthe miltary road wras carried down by
SHIP NEWS. LIVERPOOTL n !A (By ELOTHrIC AND LN E5RNATIONAI, TELKWBAPrH) ArrlvelydThe Eapre, from Africa. Sailed.-The Lenel Dyer, for New OrleaDs-the steamer Peliecn fO ROtterdam-the steamer EuroPa, for Corunna -c-the Malaekhoff for New Orleus-bthe R%rmony, for Sraannah-the Three Siste, for Newf-odlnd-the Vilie, for Alicante- the Luden, for Demerara -the Gleaner, for St. M1ichel's-the Glammarn for Coquimbo -the Jullus Helnrich. for Dsntsic-the steamer Lebanon, for Genos-the Ac3stries, for Newfoundlua-the Jeanne, for Hayti-the Elizabeth Nicholon, for 0onstantlonDle-the Xleanor OChaman, for Valparaio. OCTOBER 25, WiDd, E.S.E., fresh. The Marlan, from Antigus, the XdRyiou, from New York, ad the Bteamer San Francico, all for thl port, were at Holyhead on the 24th lust, The Holme, from Shedlac for ths port,was at EUngctown on the 24th Inst. The troopship PrinceEs Charlotte, at Cork, was agromd at Barrack Polt. The Elizabetb, from Archangel, and the Expert, frm Duememra haze arrived at Queenstown. Arrived.-The Royal Ma stamer Arabia, from New York-the Sir C. Campbel, from Galatz-the Ann, from Odessa-the Ann ELiza, from Newfoundland. Salled,-The Jernnfdss, for Lisbon, Off the Port.-The Bergran, from Caidera LorN-oi, Oct. 14.-Wind at noon. X.; moderate breeze, and cloudy. AL3WIOUTI Oct. 23.-Wind, N. E.-Arri,ed. the Only So ad the Parah3ba, o'h from Pernambuoo-the Kalk, from Tagarog. Sailed, the stearner Foyle, for London. BlirarOL, Oct. 24.-Wind, E; fine. Arriled. the Mllenm from Water. ford-the Jns'erna. from Cork-the Princera Royal, from Bidefeird-the Prince of! Wler,hfrom Swanea, Sailed the BoO We, for rt. B.. fresh; inte, Arrived, te ina anord theWilim bthfo m ublin -te Cornwll, from Hayle. baled, the Conaooda, lotfrica-te GRAVmEEND, Oar. 23. (BY M&OXXTIo TZXGaoa..s'.) (From Lio,d's, A1rived,-Theo lizabeth, from Gotteburg-the Rim Ca rre and thsWUlllam Morgan Davis, both from Callco-the Saloplan, from Point de Galle-the Jane Macdonald, from Rigs-the Jam, from Rouenthel2anen, from Lulla OcT. EL 9.30 asmL-Wmd, El; tide, lut hours flood;: fine, Arrived.-The Voyager, from Cronctadt the James Bayley, from Danteic, Saied.-The steamer Lutchis, for Harburg-the steamer Flecha, for Ghent. 1 p.rm-Wind. E2: tide, 2i hour' dood; fine. Alried.-The Ea, from -ala-the Ellen, Lrom Stettin-the Jane from Den}a-the Sarah Fox, from BIo Grande-the Devonian, from Oronstadt-tte Jidur, from Madras-the Zlon.hilL from Landerona -tbe Pomeranra, from Archngel-the Weasel, from8 myrna-the Ta' and the Blacknee, both from Archangel.tbe WilUam John, from Riga-the Confieror, from ALgoa Bay-the EmmenneS. from StMdswAlI -the Alice, from Dantaei-the SyIph, from Demera-the Eagle, from Rigs-the steamer Luna, from MsdembUlk-the steamer BeL glum, from Ostend-the steamer Panther, from Boulogne-the steamer Fkra, from fimyrna 3 p. m.-Wind, E.S.E., ttrong; tde, fifh hors' flood ; fine. Arrlved.-The Breeze, from Dieppe-the Anm, the Priendal. the Amy Ann, the Sardinian, and the ims, all from Atehangel-the Leleter, fiom ChltnohaIlands-tleHeleebina, from Aalborg-theDolphln and the Jean, both from Riga--the Fury and the Thunnalde, botb from Memel-the Hebe, from Umea-the steamer Morger and the United, both from St, Peterbt'rrg-the Quarryman, from 8tettSn-the Prithioff from Calix-the Elvina FIederika, from SkeUeftea-the Hallagon snm the Virago, both from Archangel-the Madona, from Uleaborg -the Governor nLean, from Lagos-the Nine and the liUzabeth, both from Singapore-the Owen Jonca, from Stettn - -the Las of Down, from oNoningsberg-the Frithloff, fSom Odess-the Bethia Jewett, from Calo-the KronaPrince Frederick, from Fredcrickshai-1he Ber. bhie, ftom Porto Rio-the Beethoven, from LuleS-the Frederick Wilhelm, from Memel-the Stranger, from Ripg-the Walter Lord, from CaIla--the Onega, from Rlg- the Serpenkt from Denia-the Linford, from St. Vincent'-the Walton, from St Rites. 7.30.-Wind, XllE ; tide, four hous' ebb; fine and freh. Arlved-The Ron Oprich, from Ibrail- the Slofna, from Sundrwallthe Harvest Home, from Archangel- the Hoppett, from Taganrg-the Trusty, fromGhent-the Siadt Rensbnrg, from Rensburg-the John Sichoffe4l, from Rl&a-the Phomix, from Windau-the Patriot, from Hellgoland-the Waton and the Eugene, both from Antwerp -the Premier, from Demerara-tho Lurecha, from Odess--the &Atrew, from Randers-the Oak, from Archangel-the Leonse. from Grave. lines-the Jehb and EUza, from Pernambnco-the Atlantic. from Belze--the M%ry Ogle, from Gottenburg-the Neptune, from Dantedo-the Orl'mta f rom OaU1ao-the Emmanuel, from Meldorfthe Elizabeth Creely and the Abbot lawrence. both from COUao. Salled,-The steamer Rainbow, for Rotterdarn OOE e, 25. p.ym.-WInd, E : tide, four hourse' food; cloudy and meioderste. Arrived.-The Nevs, from Crnnstadt-the BerUn, from Antwerpthe Loula Charlotte, the Carl Gustaf, the Schoan, the Jaon, the F,ltz, the Johanna, and the Mitwoch, all from Dantido-the Wlliam from Cronetadt-the Indiana, from New Yerk-the Vests, from Holmsell-the Leopold, trom Cronatadt-the Concordia, from Rigsthe Fauna, from Sundswall-the HenAdrika, from Revel-the steamer Sir Robert PeeL from Dnnklrk--tbe B Merton, from Bremen-the Martha MUes, from Cronstadt-the Elemuors, from Memel-tbe Isa, from Cronstadt-the Royal Rose, from Archangel-the Lady Sondes, fronm SteStin-the Graf van Sohlifin, from Rigs-the Regultor, from Callso-the Llvely and the Ro3e, both from Arohantel-the John Harley, trom Buenos Ayres-the Shardlow. from Gottenubmgtbe Urania from UYeca -the VigUant, from Dram -the Henrietta Auguste, from bMemel-the steamer Manet, from Harlangen-the steamer Stadt Dordrecht, from Dordt-tbe steamer Ceres, from Rotterdam-the steamer Pollux, from Hamburg-the steamer Columbine, from Btotterdam -testeamer Conoordia, from Biomeeborg-the ChriBtlani Hash, from Odessa-the Sarah Huntley, from Taganrog. Batltd.--The steamer Lord 3. Russell, for Dunhr ek- the teamer Castor, fur Hamburg-the xteamer Paris and London, for Parhi-the steamer Neptune, for Havre-the steamer DJana, for eAmsterdam -the steamer Rhine, for Boulogne - the steamer LIondon. for Gottenburgthe steamer Sohiedam, for Schiedam-the steamer Lona, for Bremen -the steamer Earl of Auckland, lor Rotterdam-the steamer Adonis for HarlUngen-the steamer Dragon, for Hamburg-btheoeamer Batavier, for Rotterdam-the Siam, for Port PhilIip-the bouthamp. ton, for New York-the Bri sh lIon, for Calcutta-the Hartley. for New Orleans, DEAL, GOCTs 2 (By MAoiN c TXtxoraA-jL) (From Lloyd's Pameed-The Achilles, for Philadelphia : the Commnodore, for Bathurnt ;'the Appoline,'for Jamaica: the Laertes, for Swansea ; the Nornuau, for Algos Ray; the tCndabar, for Honduras; and the WiUliam Chase, for Charleston, all from London-the Jenny Johb. stone, from Shields for Carthagens-the Napaitna, from London for 9 am.-Wlnd, E.S.E., fresh, Pawed.-Her ajest's steamer Rhadamanthus, from the owetward for the river-the Warren }13ttngs, from London for Madras -the brig Lower Las, from the northward for the westward-the Hollader. from Sunderland for Singapore. Noon.-Wind, E .E., fresh. Pawed.-The Lutzken, from Newrale for Singapore-the st AndriAn, from Falmouth for Boston. I 30 pm.-Wind, s-&X fresh; fine PasseL-The Ooeans, from Newcast e for Naples 7.30 p.m,-Wind, B, strong& Arrived and Passed.-The Francs, from London for Swan Rlver-the City of Bruael, for Marses; and she Forget-me-Yot, for Malaa, both from Shields. , Arrived and Anchored.-The Thirteen, from the westward; and the Indian Chief, from Madra, both for London. O..TOBm t23, 6 pm.-Wid, S.E, moderate Arrived and Pased.-Tbe steamer Indiana, from New York; the Montmorency from Llverpool, in tow of the seeamtug Rsolute; and the Paris and)ondou, from Paris, al for London. The Duchess of Lancaster, for Coquimbo, Sept 13, in la%. YN., long. 23 W. The George and Em, bound for tho Cape of Good Hope, Sept.24, in lat. 13 N,, long 2I 5 An Is snz h-buli fto steamer with troops, Oc(t 11, in wat. 43 N., ioong.leW The John Thompson. of and from Poole for Quebec, SeDt, 30, 15 lat. 47,lo) .5,outdays lonr nlane,st Srom London for Coqulmbo, Lug. 12, in lat. 42 8, cTlhbe T8eprror or Teannor8 (Ha mbur schooner)} SromB bg r Calln, ept15, nla, 5,, lng.~ fr , m Hamburg for Tb egWashington, from London Sor8hanghai, Sept. 21, I lst. She ship Nile, ofRichmnond, nllnied Stats, steering west, Oct 13, in EEIGH-WATE AT L*140DoNRRnlnE THIS DAY. Mornlng ., 39 roin. after e Aftsem,reo II min., amer 7
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I feel I have no claim on your space ; I appeal only to your generosity to permit me to say a few words in answer to Dr. onaldson's letter which appeared in your paperto day. He charges me with having falsely repre. sented him as having pronounoed the word rTqypappa to be an impossible compound. Surely, Sir, it was the object of Mr. Shilleto's first letter to show that rq1XEypadc.w and 7nRXiypapta were Impossible forms; and for this he was encouragingly patted on the hadc by Dr. Donaldson, who declared that he (Mr. Shilleto) had eaid all that was necssary on the subject. I really cannot see that I misrepresented Dr. Donaldson. Be th as it may, he now denies that he regards your coined word n7Xiypatsia to be a monster, and. I suppose, admits you to be in the right. Dr. Dnal son is pleased to talk of the "ignorance" of his opponent; he charges myseLf with falsehood,-" Nemo mentwtur," and speaks with contemptuous condescension of notding " even an anonymous correspondent." The schoars of England will determineon which aide the "ignorance" lies in this disenssion, as the gentlemen of England will determine on which side the manners arE.lis charge of falsehood I have already answered. Ag for his sneer at " even an anonymous conespondent," Dr. Donhldson hima self knows best whether he himself is never an " non moua" contributor to reviews and magazines. And is not t e han. guage which he has thoughs proper to use towards his opponents in this matter quite sufcient justification of their writing anonymosly against such an adversary? Besides, Dr. Donaldson openly proFefes himaself to be an authority in matters of soholarship; it is of importanoe that the world Ehould know what he thinks about a Greek nomun But whlt would any one be the wiser for knowing the name of "Nemo r' There may be-there very often is-brivery i publishing you -ran e unneoearily; will Dr. Donaldso fergive e or ying there may sometitnes b vantty? m am, Sir, Your oblired P + NImot
3fIMTABR AND SAYAL INTELLIcEXCE. On Saturday a general court-martial, of which Colorel i ZInshirzt, coummnancding the 1st battalion, waa president, sembled at Chatham barracks, for the trial of Ensigp Thomas S. Mlitchell, 89th Regiment, on several charges of disgraceful conduct, and being tound in a state of intoxica. tUon when on duty. The DePuty-Assi*tant Adjutant(beneral, LieutenantCe'lonel J. *. Reynolds, officiated as Dleputy Judge-Advocate. The Court met at 12 o'clock, but although a telegraphic despatch had been forwarded by the President to Shornoliffe, where the prisoner .s stationed, ordering him to be present, bnc did not attend; ald, after waiting for some time the members of the court adjourned till to-maorrow at half-past 10. The prisoner has only been in the regimeat about twe years. Revruiting for the various Indian regimients is proceeding in the most satisfactory mannor. Last week the number of breruits who joined the Indian dopOts at Chatham Was close upon 'O0, a number altogether unpreoedented. In addition 'to these intelligence has been received that there are up 'wards of 500 recruits at the various recruitibg districts waitIng to be forwarded to Chatham, where they are expected to arrive during the present week. The supply of recruits comes chiefly from the London, Midland, and Northern dis'tricts, the neighbourhood of Liverpool having furnished a large number. On Saturday an order arrived at Chatham garrison from the War-offioe, directing four oflioers selected from each of the three depOt batalions to proceed to the School of Musketry, Hythe, with the view of qualifying themselves as instructors of musketry to their respective regiments In lndia. The following officers have Joined their respective depots at the Provisional Battalions, Chatham, previous to embarking for India :-Captain G. W. Stacpoole, 18th Royal Irish, who takes the command of the depot of that corps; Lieu. tenant W. S. C. 1'inwill, 27th Enniskillens; and Ensign H. M. EHarding, 7th FPsileers. The Colchester camp will contribute strong draughts to the regiments in India when the troops which Are being instructed in rifle practice on the Clacton marshes have acquired the necessary proficiency. The force in camp is divided into two battalions, and comprises 94 officers and 2,068 raek and file. The perctntage of sick is rather large, but there was only one death last week. About 70 recruits have arrived within the last few days, and some of them appear to be young men of education and comparatively go d positio-s in society. As mauy as 150 recruits have joined the 15th Hussars since the 1st of September. The head-quarters of the regiment are atpresent at Norwich. Another troop of the regiment will, it is expected, be stationed shortly atIpswich, amd another also at Norwicb. The Cyclops, 6, paddle frigate, Captain Pullen, left Spit-head yesterday morning for the Red Sea, where she will be employed in laying the electric cable. She is fully arimed, andhayseher full complement on board. She has Maur,'s improved low ering apparatus for sounding. After fulfilling her mission in the Red Sea she will go on to the China station and place herself under the orders of Rear-Admiral Sir Michael Seymour, Much anxiety was expressed at Falmouth yesterday relative to the non-arrival of the fast despatch steamer Caraduc, having on board the Siamese Embassy, which left Malta on the 12th inst. Sbe ought to have made the passage comfortably in nine days, but it is feared she has encounter6d the brunt of tho late gales, and has been either injured or compelled to bear up for some port of safety. The authorities at Portsmouth are prepared to pay every attention to the Siamese Ambassadors, and the Commander-in-Chief, Sir G. Seymour, has his steam yacht constantly in readiness to carry him out to Spithead immediately on the arrival of the Caradoc. Captain Alexander Milne, and Captain Sir Baldwin Walker, 1I.C.B., have been staying at the Portland Hotel, Southsea, during the past three days, while they inspected the stes,m fleet in reservo and mnade observations upon the trial of the Diadem, the steaming performances of which in comparison with her horse-power have eo signally disappointed the expectations of her designers. Lieutenant Brown and two non-commissioned officers of the Oxford M'litia, garrisoned at WVoolwicb, proceeded to Hythe on Saturday, in pursuance of an order issued froni the Horse Guards, for the purpose of going through a course of instruction in the use of the Enfield rifle, about to be distributed to the regiment. Captain Spalding, WVeolwich division of Royal Marine Light Infantry, was on Saturday despatched on recruiting service to Derby, to relieve Maior Elliott, who is ordered to join head-quarters previous to embarcation. The sailing transport Lsabella Blytho arsived at 'Woolwich on Saturday, lAden with victualling stores from Deptford, and having embarked Captain Gore, one subaltern, appointed from the Royal alilitary College at Woolbich, and a detachment of 50 non-commissioned ofticers and gunners, for the reinforcement of Captain Anson's company of the 2d battalion Royal Artillery in the Alauritius, she proceeded on her voyage. The list of new class screw frigates, to carry :32 and r50 guns respectively, ordered to be Ir.id down at Woolwich, containing the namnes of the Anson, the Repulse, and the Barossa, has been increased by the addition of a fourth vessel, to be named the Bristol. Ills ExceUency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland has appointed Brevet-Major Hume, 55th Regiment, vice Caltobrpe, resigned, to be extra Alde-de-Carapm- and C'apta`n Thomas Esnuonde, half-pay 18th Regiment, to be extra Aide-de-Camp, vice Vesey, resigned. The steam gunboats Forward and Skipjack, Lieutenants Berkeley and MIurray, now at Fortsmouth, are ordered to be readv for sea by the end of this month. They will be sent to the coast of Cuba. The Urgent, G, iron screw steam troop frigate, Commander Macdonald, went on Friday last to Stoke's Bay for a trial of her engines, which worked admirably, and produced a speed of 12 knots an hour. The Brazilian corvette Imperial Marinheiro, Captain Alvin, remains at Spithead. Hter captain and officers were entertained at the Government-house, Portsmouth, on Friday night, by Major-Generol tho Hon. Sir J. Yorke Scarlett, 1KC.B. The Brazilian and Netherlands consuls were also invited and a gallant general circle. The followiun appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant H. Davies, to be lieutenant commanding the Forward, vice Lieutenant Berkeley, superseded; Lieutenant Charles G. Q. Percival, to thc Heron; Lieutenant J. R. Coxon, to the Conflict; Edward F. Craven, m:ate, to the Cyclops; J. )'Brien Sceales, naval eadet, to tll Valorous; p.ahert Stevenson, surgeon-superintendent, to the Lady AT'Naughten collvict ship; E. C. Abbott, master's assistant, to ths Heron; H. Lindguist, master's assistant, to the Persian. THaE MILITIA. The Lanca%hire lIeginent of Artillery, now numberinrg about 700 men,the hulk of whom have volunteered for India, will proceed to Portsmouth on garrison duty to-morrow or We tdnesday. The acceptance of their gallant offer togo out upon active service will depend very much upon the nature of the next advices fromn India. The vest Norfolk militia are to assemble on thb 10tk of November. It is expected that the regiment will pass tho wirnter at Sborneliffe or Aldershott. The North Lincoln regiment of militia nov- numbers nearly 1,000 mien. It is reported that tht regiment will proceed shortly to P'ortsmouth. The Huntingdon u,ilitia were last week inspected b- Colonel l'pton, of the Cold-tream Guards, who coniplmented the men upon their smart appearance, and advised tbosc who bad a taste for military IL'e to l1se no tiime in jo31ing thelire. The Leiceatershire Militia are to be embodied on the :Sd of November. Recruiting for the line is proceeding rapidly in Dcrb1 and the aeidhbourhood. Men have bees, sent oil last weec for tl.c,th, ,7th, and Ovd limgisnents, and also for the Rile Brigade. i he 6ith West York were inspected on Saturday morning oi Pkircoat-nmoor, near Halifax, by Colorel Do])ugl. This regimnent, which is in a higgh state of efficiency, will be diemis ed on Tdmmrmday next (unless orders are received to the contrary) w hen they will have completed their term of 2P days' traminDg.
UNIVERMITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORUD. OCT-. 25. Inc University sermons wero this day pralehed, in the morning by the Warden of Wadhamo College andl in the afternoon by thei Rev. J. Tunnard, of Eaeter 6oflege. The ser°h on ont Wednesday (St -Simlon anld St. Jude) is appointed to be preached by the Rev. T. Ii. I' . Shend, of Brasenose College. M,r. Butler, Commioner of 'Exeter, was ycaserday elected to a Bible Clerkship at U niversity College. Mr. 11. T. Edwards, Servitor of Cbrit C~hurchi, wvas on Friday elected Schoher of Jesus College on the Hndrick Fvundation. There were 10 candidates There will he an election, entirely open, of a l-iolford Elxhibitioner at WVorcester College on Thunday, November 5. Candidates niuA- precent to the Provost t,-.tiwonlals of inoral and rel;igius character before 10 o'clock on that day.
IR. LA YARD AND MRI. jlA CGA y. TO TE£E EDITO VOF TEHE TIMtES. Sir,-I owe a grave apology to iMr. Laya.rd for a11owing his private note to me, written partly in jest, to comne before the public. It aro3e entiru'; from the inadvertence of a friend of roine, who edits a l(JCJL paper, to whom I gave it for pera. sal, as I knew Mr. Layard's intended journey to the East would interest himr. It only reacbed cn the eve of publication. and he has since expressed his regret that in thu hurry of the moment it was inserted. Ln tl.ese dull times I am content that the public sh,ould have a laugh at my expense, and no doubt Mr. Layard is too indulgent not to do the same. Yours ohoni,, JT. I. MACKAY, Llverpool Aug. 21.
S.TEAm TO THE BRAtz,s.-The screwv Steamship Teotonia, Captain L. G(ede, belonging to tbe Hambu Braudian Steam Navigation Company, sailpd fromn So3ou' ampton yesterday for Lisbon and the Biaziiian ports. She has iY6 passengers from HEambuarg and 3Southauinton* specie jewelle.-y, &o., value 40,000. aterlin; and neariy 1,000 toni of German, French, and British merchandioe, suppmee to be tbesnost 'valuable cargo ever yet exported In one stea mer to the Brazila. The Petropolis, Captain Paullsen, is dus from the Brazils on the 1st of November, aZnd is apnointesd to sail outward& for the samre quarter on the 24th of that month. The third ship of this line, the Princess Joinville, of 3,000 tons register and 700 horse-power, was launched a few days einoo from the btilding-yard of Afessrs. Caird and Co,, at Greenock, and will in all probability hb ready to tae her departure hence for the Brazis on the 24th of D~eeber,
TEPB INDIAN RELIEF FUND. WORCESTRRSTT1. In pursuance of a requisition addressed to the High Sheriff of the county of Worcester by the Lord-Lieutenant and a large nuraber of the nobility and gentry of the county a. county m3eeting was held at the Shirehali, WVor.ester, on Saturday- *- *o consider how we cau best prove ouir ssmpatby for the sufferings1 and xdsfortunes e. easr countrymen in Indisa: ed, further, to 0nb j sAder the prosriets of sending up an humble aldrees to the Queen to are Her Majesty of the deep pain with whielh we have her d of rocent events in India; and of our convLetion that in her efforts to uppress the robetlion wbicb has broken out in th at country, and to reestablieh her authority, Her Majesty may rely with conlidence on the support of a loyal and unitOS peop,e ." The chair was taken at half-past 1 oclock by the High Sheriff 31r. E. V. Wheeler, and among those present were - Earl Beauchamp, Viscount El3mley, Lord Southwell, Sir J. S. Pakington, M.P., Sir I T. E. Winnington, hI.P., Ron. Colonel Rushout, MLP. Mr. Laslett, M.P., Sir 0. P. Wakeman, Sir E. A. H. Lechunere, Mr. H. H. Foley, M.P ., Mr. W. Coventry, icc. The HisIn SHERIFF opened the proceedings in a few brief remarks, after which e Sir J. PAtrINGTON read letters which he had received e from Lord Ward and the Dean of Worcester, apologizing for their unavoidable absence, and expressing their cordial concurrence in the object of the meeting. Lord Ward enclosed a check for 2001. Earl BRAucsAntpn moved the first resolution * That with the view ct mnitigating the msrnorunes 0! our countrymen in India, both civil and military, aud their unhapty relatives, a oubacripticon be raised in tais couaty, to wbich all who have not already subscribed bh requested to contribute, aoc that the gentlemen who sagnel the requisition to the Hlist Sheriff he a committee to receive such aubscriDtuons, with power to pay the amoznt either to the India Relieo Fond being raised by the Lord Mayor oS London, or in muet other manner as they may deem best, and that they have also power to add to their number." Colonel Ru.sEOuT, MP., seconded the resolution. Referring to the correspondence in Y'he Times of Thursday between Sir J. Paskington and the Lord Mayor of London, hc esad he considered the questions asked of the Relief Coinmittee had been answered by the Lord Mayor in a very satisfactory mariner, hecanee it war unfortunately the case that large suns which had on former occasions been raised forpublic purposes had beenfrittered away by rapacious anxdrascally secretaries. (Hear, hear.) He helieved they weroe apretty well agreed that our empire in India must be maintained at all risks. It must be maintained by raising an army, and it would take three orfouryears to collect together a volunteer army. He appealed to the gentlemen nd farmers of England to do the best they could under the circumstances. It was well knowvn that the regulations of the army for limited service were far better than theyweresome years ago. He had heard many farmerssayof the Militia which now took the place of the regular army at home, that the men who had left their employment t enter it had returned, after the expiration of their service, both physically and morally improved. (Cheers.) Mr. AC'TON, a Roman Catholic magistrate, said he had considered it his du.y to attend that meeting, not for the purpose of qualifying any of the resolutions which might be asubmitt-ed, hut to offer a few remarks in vindication of the religions body to which ho belonged. Xo person could have perused the public newspapers for the last few weeks without observing that azaid the general outbrurst of patriotic feeling the RComan Cathohcs had been pointed out as the sole obstruction to the great work of charity in hand. Hle came there to give an indignant denial to any such iinputtation. (Cheers.) They were now endeavouring to raise a national subscription for the relief of our suffering fellow-countrymen in Irdia after the manner of the Patriotic Fund,. lie sincerely wished that the sum collected might be as large as the patriotic subscription. But it was the deep conviction of his coreligionists that the Patriotic Fund was not well managed, and that the Catholic body did not receive fair play in its appropriation. He grounded that assertion on the fact that 231,0U01. of the capital was appropriated to Protestant orphan&-ges and endowments, while the application of a party of Roman Catholic gentlemen in Ireland for an allot.- ment for tho education of Catholic children was refused, although oise-half of the Crimean army were Catholic soldiers. Ho hoped that the Roman Catholic noblemen and gentlemen in hoth ouses of Parliament would early next session rasethequestion of thedistribution of thePatriotieFund. At the same time he pi otested against their remonstrance with regard to the Pat iotic Fund belng confounded, as it hsad beens by some of the public papers, with any supposed disposition of the Roman Catholic body to oppose the great purpose for which that meeting had been convened-viz., to alleviate the distress wvhich had been caused by the late terrible eveits in India. He trusted, moreover, that when India lay prostrate and bleeding at our feet-as they might expect it would soon be-it would be the duty of the Government to ascertain by what means 'that country was to be ruled for the future. To suppose that we could govern it by farrisons was an absurdity; it must be governed by public o pinion. and by impressing on the natives how much better off they would be under English than under native rulers. In conolusion, he expressed his unqualified adherence to the resolution. Eir J. S. PAssIsNG;ToN said that as a member of the Royal Commission for the Administration of the Patriotic Fund he could not allow to pass unnoticed what had fallen from his friend Mr. Acton. Froni his Royal Righness the Prince Consort, who was its head, down to the humblest member of that commission, he was convinced that the feeling furthest from their minds vvas that they should be influenced in dispenising that noble charity by anything so unworthy 3 religious prejudices. (Cheers.) On the contrary, he could say for himself, and he was sure also for every member of the commission, that one of their first objects had been to avoid any semblance of partiality on religious grounds, and when arn investigation took place-for after such an allegation an investigation must take place-his worthy friend would find that he had been misled by erroneous reports. (Hear, hear.) The resolution w as then put aud carried unanimously. Lord Sor:l ;ocWEr.L moved the second resolution:- " That this meeting, doe ply imDressed by the horrible events which have ccurred dutrins the mutiuy sad rebellion in India. desire tr express our heattfelt sorrow for the suffering of our oouetrysen-our sympathies for thows who mouirn the loes of relatives who have faLen victims to the relentlesi cruelty and the basest treachbey, and oar ,areA t prayer te3t bY tho bleasjn- of God upon our gallat troops t ranquillity snd order may bo speedily restored." Viscount ELmls,i, in seconding the resolution, said the people of this country had been charged with not takirng ml-flicient interest in the affairs of India, but, breathing ts they did the air of liberty, it wvas not to be wondered at that they should not pay much attention to a Government so different irom their own. He referred to the liberal way in whi-li foreign countries had contributed to the Indian Relief Fund. All creeds and races had joined in expressions of symnlpathy for tho stfferers in India, proving the truth of the assertion that-" One touch of nature makes the whole world kin." (Hear, hear.) The IRev. J. Pz: nrusoN supported the resolution. He s, id that any vindication of the liberality of tle Roman Catholic gentlemern of WVorcestershire was entirely unnecessary, and he regretted that by a portion of the presq of Ireland and of high dignitaries of the Roman Catholc Chureh any ground should have heen given for the remarls which had been made. ie believed that a mnore patriotic or Ioyal body than the Roman Catholic gentlemen of the kingdom did not exist. Sir T.. I. WINoN:NTO:T, M.P., in moving the appointment of Mr. AK. Cartler as hon. secret ary, said it wras a gratifying fact that, however vwidely the imlutiny had spr.ad m India amnong the native soldiery, it had only in a lew instances extended to the general population, and did not exi.st to any alarming extent in the Presidencies of Lo'insy and Madras. This was not the occasion for inquiring how theso myste,rious events had arisen, but it would be the dntv of Parliarnent to makle a searching inquiry into all the facts of the rebellion, alnd he felt sure the Government wield afford every facility to this end. He thought there was good reason to hope that the munitiny was so far suppressed by the few British troops in India that it would in a short. time bo quelled, and that this country might continue to fulfil her great ulLissioi of disiasiug Christianity and civilization throughout that great empire. (Hear, hear.) Sir 0. P. WA XF)I;AiN' seconded the resolution, which w-as agreed to. Sir J. S. PA X IN.CTOx.-I rise to move "That the frilowing himzble and brief autMreEs on the stAt3 of public affalrbs ln tDabe preseute ito the Qlaeer, and that the HighSherifr be requested t Esigu it on behall of tho meeting, and to forward it to the eiaretary of State for the Home Department for psesentation:- " TorHE QUERN'S MS1.T FXOELL5cT MAJSTY. "*iayitpleasesoarMjauety,-We the nebility, &entry,clergy, and other Inhsbitnnts of the county of Worcester. in counts yumiting asre ohIsa, beg lease imuBbty to assure yosr Sajesity of the deep sor-row withwvhlchwe havo heard of the mutiny and rebelltonWhlich l-ave broken out in your haj-sty'a Indian empire. and of the Etromious cruelties whclc bans been Inflicted. without respect to eex or age, upon very mnaoY of your ajiesty'a EuroDean Eabjects resident to that country. " We are well aware of the Irofoun d grief with which your Mlajesty must have heard o: theea painfnl events, End we desire to lay at your Majesty's feet the most loyal declaration of our symipath7 and devotion. we PraY thst tho Divinoe bleiuiu; may rest upon your Majeaty'a arams, and that in the struggle which must for a time be cascrrFd on by Chrfst inAty aud elviliUzien ligaint Idolatry and barbarIsm the gallantry (A BArif:sh soldicrs may be rewarded by triuruphatt tucoe-s. "Weare confident that a,.such a crisis yo:ur Majeaty may co-mand the utmost energy of a united people, animated by one common deslre to poomote the honour and welfare of our Qaeen and country. ' And., for ourselve srw humbly tender to your AMajesty the assurance ci our tirm reselve to make every effort and to Bubmit to every sacrifice which m3y be cecessary for the complete and permanent re.esl3blfthment of youLr Mfjesty's authortm, in Isdia. " i:ged on behalf of t' he mneti.ng. " E. V. WnEcs,LLi, Iiigh Shemid of the County, "WToMe3ter, Oet. 24, 1857." I fear that in speaking on a topic so exeiting at this moment as t rebellion in Inslia I cuLnot indertake to followv the recommendation of Lord Beauebamp to conifine Fay address to five minutes, but I do feel that I need not trespass on your attentioa at any length to recommend to your favou.r the proposal which I arm about to rnake. If that rproposition does not appeal at onice to Your hearts I am quite certain that no feeble lagzuage of mine can ted to that result. IN or is it necessry to dwell at any lenigth upon the horrors which htave filled England withl indignation, anaxiely, and gloons,and 'Which have involved too many EnlIsh hoxrie in maourning andc woe. (Hear, hear.) But first I mut re"turn my thankos, to the Iligh Sheriff for the prom~ptitZue with which he bag acceded to the requisition presenLted to him; and at the same timne exPres my hearty satisfaotionx that not only in Worce6tershiro, hut in every city and, Ihope z may add, in ev7ery ony throuighouit thec length and breafdth of the land meting aebeing held to give an opportunity forthde mosrtOn f Fnglish feelig at the prevent juncture. (Chaeers.) It isrght thatcvur PeoPle in Idia should know that they have the t.vmpathy, suppect, and gratitude of the3British Puiblic, and that wie ehould feall foreign Powers that, whatever maY be ouir .d-cmestio di*mabce,4 agkd pityty distin'ctions, v;heaever we teel ourselves i the Presence of a great national czld. city we cme forward as one man to assertour power and vindicate our rights. (Cheers.) Let as teU l foreign Pi'*wors that, although clouds may darken onr horizon t;hey are mistaken if they think that the sun of Engli= is aboot to set, and that, under God's blessing, we have made a firma resolve that our sovereignty shall be sup. ported and our empire maintained. (Cheers.) It was with these feelings that'I took a part irt promoting this meeting, and I do not hold that the reasons for our meeting here are in any degree weakened by the fact that I think we may, without being too sanguine, indulge the hope that we have seen the worst of this terrible affair. (Hear, hear.) I do most sanguinely hope that we may be jus'lified in regarding the intelligence which was brought by the last mail as the tarning point of this great rebelion. Previous to the arxival of that mail every one was afraid that the horrible scenes of Cawnpore might have been repeated at Lucknow, anc I believe there was no one in England who did not start with feelings of gratitude when he took up the papers of the day and found that Lucknow was safe, and that there was reason to lope it would be speedily and permanently relieved. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps there may be an opinion existing in England that the civil Government of India has not shown that vigour and wisdom which might have been exhibited by it, but we have abundant reason for congratulating ourselves on what is more iinportant-viz., thQ appointment of the distinguished soldier to whorn the conduct of the war is Dow intrusted. We must all feel that in the hands of Sir Colin Campbell we are safe, and that that courage and generalship 'which distinguished him on the heights of Alma will not be wanting in his Indian command, and when we find him supported by such men as EEavelock, Wyndhwam, and other well.known heroes, we must be satisfied that at all events, we have nothing left to wish for in the wayjof military commanders. if we wanted a fact to show the spirit by which our generals in India are animated we might find it in the circumstances attending General Outran's support of the gallant Havelock. According to ordinary rule, when Outram went to the relief of Havelock he would, as his military superior, have superseded him, but he assumed civil fnnctions, declining to take the command, and leaving his junior in the service to reap the laurels which he had so gloriously earned for himself. We may therefore expect ere long to hear that, so far as military operations are concerned, the rebellion in India has subsided; but we must bear In mind that from the moment the rebellion subsides we shall have to face one of the most difficult tasks that have ever devolved upon a Government. We shaU have to take a part which will call apon us for great self-sacrifices, and for the exeroise of the highest talent. It will devolve upon us to consider what is to be the future government of India. Is India to be governed hereafter as she has been governed to this time; or is she to be governed hereafter in a manner tending to the credit and security of England, and to the civilization and happiness of the Indian people? Qaestions will arise in reference to this of the deepest importance. The first question wrill be-Is the extraordinary idea that a vast country like India can be governed bya company of merchants to be carried out; or is it a case in which the direct authority of the Crown of England ought to be exercised? Twice has this double govermment been tried, and twice it has been fottnd wanting. The next question will be, what is to be the mode of raising the revenues of India? Are we to continue to raise the revenues by an oppressive land or salt tax, or from some unworthy and immoral source such as the sale of opium 9 A third, and not an easy question will relate to the native army. Are we to abarndon the native army ? Are we to have a native army organized and recruited in a manner violating every dictate of common prudence and common sense, or an army organized on a different principle, so that it may be efficient, and so that we may regard it in England as an effective force ? Lastly, let me refer to a qtuestion which is already deep in the minds of thinking Englishmen, and which is perhaps the most difficult of all. Hereafter, in Imdia, is the flag of England to be prostituted to the support of the barbarous rites of Indian superstition? (Hear, hear.) Or are we to govern our Eastern empire in a way which, without violating the prejudices of a peo pl, shall do honour to and uphold that Christian religion wbich we believe and know to be founded on divine truth ? (Cheers.) This is not a time for entering into a discussion of the important questions to which I have referred, nor do I think that it is desirable at this moment to enter into a statement of opinion with regard to what may have been the cause of the outbreak, although I find it very difficult to refrain from commenting on such acts of infatuation as the establishment at Delhi, the old seat of the Mogul empire, of one of our largest and most important arsenals, and then the leaving of that important fortress to the care of notoriousy disaffected Sepoys. I only glance at these things to fortify me in expressing the opinion that there are difficulties in India which call for the highest qualifications of an English statesman to overcome. And I t%ink, also, that we must submit to some pecuniary sacrifices. We must keep on foot, for a time at least, a larger army than we have been in the habit of doing, and although nominaUy these unfortunate transactions are carried on at the expense of the Indian Government, we must remember that the very rebellion itself must impair the Indian revenue, and I fear that a lge proportion of the expense will fall on the shoulders of the English public. In conclusion the right hon. baronet said he was glad to have this opportunity of expressing what he felt on this subject. When the rebellion should be quelled and the British Crown supported in its authority in India, he was sanguine enough to beliovethat we mightlook forward to brighter and happier days for India. He was sanguine enough to believe that as, by the inscrutabledispensa;aons of Providence, Ireland had dated her return of prosperity from a period of famine, so Indiamight date her regeneration from these deplorable transactions. (Cheers.) Mr. FOLEY, M.P., seconded the resolution, which vfs carried with acclamation. A vote of thanks was then passed to the High Sheriff for presiding, and the meeting separated. DEVON. lI ooinpliance with a numerously-signed requisition the High Sheriff of Devon, Sir Massey Lopes, M.P., convened a neeting of the county, which was held at the Castle of Exeter on Friday afternoon. There was a very large attendance, and among those present were-Earl Fortescue (the Lord-Lieutenant of the county), Lord Poltimore, Lord Ebrington, M.P., Sir Trayton Drake, Sir John Duckworth, Sir J. L. Duntze, Sir J. B. Y. Buller, M.P., Sir H. F. Davie, DI.P., Sir J, Renraway, Mr. R. S. Gard, h.P., Mr. Commisdoner Bere, Mr. J. W. BaUller, H.P., and Mr. C. H. Trefusis, M.P. The High Sheriff presided. Earl FORTE$CUE moved the first resolution. He said, the county of Devon has never been backwards in answering an appeal to its public spirit or private benevolence (rheers), and never in my recollection has an occasion occurredwhich has so forcibly appealed to both as that which has brought us together to-day. (Hear, hear.) We are assembled first and foremost to endeavour to augment and extend those contri butions which I am well aware have already been liberally supplied from various parts of this country for the rehef of the sufferers in India, We are called npon also to express Our sympathy with those sufferers and our admi-ation at the heroism which has been shown by all classes of our countrymen-aye, and countrywomen too (cheers), who have bnen murdered; as well as by those who have fought and conquered in that dreadful ordeal to whioh our Indian empire has been exposed (Cheers.) I hope and believe that the day of retribu6ion has come. (Cheers.) I hope and believe that now the British flag waves triumphantly over the ramparts of Delhi. (Cheers.) I hope and believe Shat the brave little garrison of Lucknow has long ere this, been relieved and set free. (Cheers.) I hope and believe that that day has shone upon India which was fore. shadowed by the gallant Havelock (cheers) in his last memorable address to his Intrepid, war-woi, men, after their mnth victory, obtained in about half that number of weeks, over bodies of troops never less than four times, and on some occasions, I believe, nearly ten times their numbers (cheers). "If," says General Havelock, "conquests can he achieved under the most trying circumstances, what vill be the triumphs and the retribution at the time when the troops from China, from the Cape, and from England shall sweep tbroughout the land?" (Cheers.) I hope and believe that tue brave author of those noble words has lived to see their accomplishment. (Cheers.) I hope and believe also that with the sweeping march of these armies throughout the land the stera hand of British justice, while it makes strict inquiry and inflicts condign punishment upon all who can be proved to have been wiling actors in the late dreadful mutinies, will at the same time be accompanied and tempered with British clemency and justice. (Cheers.) I hope that wherever doubt exists the benefit of that doubt will be given to the accused party (hear), and while we inflict punishment on the guilty I trust we shall acknowledge and reward the fidelityshown by many of tho native princes of our alliance, and that we shall also acknowledge aud reward the unshaken allegiance which has been showis to us by a large portion, happily, of the native population. (Cheers.) And, gentlemen, when peace and order shaLl have been restored, as I trust, by God's help, they will be restored throughout the lengthn and breadth of 3nritish India, then, I hope, that due consideration will he given' to, some imrvenn in the administration of our lndianl empire.& plue) I h expres- sion o. that hope let us not. charge upon the present Go- veriuient, or upon the present East India Company, or upon any past Governmnent, or any past East India Company, the blame of the disasters which has unhappily befallen us. (Hear, hear.) Warnings, I believe, have been been given from time to lime which, perhaps, all have neg'looted more than they ought (bear, hear); but none could have contemplated a treacherv so base and widespread and bloody, as that which in an evil hour overtook us. (Iear, hear.) And whatever may be the shortcomings-and shortcomings I believe there have been-in the direction of the affairs of Inidia, at least I believe that our Government has been based upon just and merciful principles. (Hear, hear.) But after such a disaster as the present the British public have a right to inquire, and the representatives of British interests in India have also the right to inquire, whether a form of government conabining the rnle of the British Crown with that of a mercantile body is the best form of government that can be devised for that great portion of our empire. (Hear, hear.) To that inquiry the British empire and the Indisn empire have a right to receive an answer (hear, hear); and 1 trust that the deliberations of the next session of Parliament will have the gaidance of Providence to direct to the best solution of a question so deeply involving the interests of that country and so vitaUy involving with the existence of our empire in India the happiness of the many millions in that country committed toeour charge. (Hear, hear.) The noble earl concluded by moving:- Thahts whUe the atrocities commsitted by the mutineers in India fill our hearts with indignation and hotror, the heroi,n dlsplared by all classes of on- cunt:ymen and the eucesases aebieved by ouro brave troops against ovenvhetoalg numbers claim the warmest exrrSeious3 of our gamtetl admiration. and ncouwage us In the hope that, undeo the biesSing of God, this foul mutiny wril be effectually crushei, and that the restoration ot peace and ordeir will prepare the Way to an Im. Proved administration of onr Indian empire." Sir J. B. Y. BHLLER, M.P., seconded the motion. After alluding teftie heartqVnding atroeeitL : ioii been per- Fetrated in India, the hon. baronet said he would now pasa on to what was a more pleasing thetLe ..the hope they might indulge that by the gallantry of their troops, out numbered as they had been to an alarming extent by the enemy, the rebeillon might be quelled, and peacs Pnd order be restored in India. (Applause.) Reinforcements were now being sent out, and more most be sent; and he hoped the country might be fairly understood to declare to the Sovereign that its people and money wvould be freely given to save 'zo her that vast and important territory. (Cheers.) He was afraid it would be a considerable time before we could again venture to trust, as we had trusted, those native troops which had rebelled against us. (Hear, hear.) But be did not know that he could blame those who had taken such men into the British service because the result had proved so disastrous. (Hear, hear.) For many years these men sbowed themselves good subjects and ready soldiers; hut that time had passed, and trusz them for tho fnture we could not. (Hear, hear.) We must content ourselves, let the cost and inconvenience be what it might, to keep up such a British force in India as should prevent another terrible rebellion stalking throughout the land. (Hear, bear.) For himself, he was not an alarmist. He had not the slightest doubt the whole would by.and-by be set right by the determination of the British troops; and wben the rebellon bad been snpDressed, and peace and order restored, then would be our time quietly and calmly to inquire what was the origin of this outbreak, and what had been the mismanagement and misgovernment that had brought it about. (Hear, hear.) That subject would form one of the most early and important matters for the next sesion of Parliament. He trusted that by God's blessing India would be preserved to England, and that our countrymen would prove to the natives of that part of Her Majesty's domi. nions that they were their truest and best friends. (Applause.) Mr. J. W. BULLER, M.P., proposed the next resolution:- " That amid the treacbery of so many who were bound to us br every tie of alleglanos and gratitude we muEt tbankuully acknowledge the unshaken fidelity of reveral native prioses aud of the great bulk of tho ,ative population of India." He said he could fancy that there might be an insurrection in which much sympathy might be felt for the misguided men concerned in it; that there might be high and noble objects held before men who, deprived of their natural equality, were ruled by foreigners, and that they might beleve they had the power to recover their lost empire, and to rule themselves to the advantage of those who igreed with theminreligion. (Hear, bear.) Buainthe presentinstance no man of transcendent ability had arisen among the mutireers- they had seen no grievances stated to call for the remeny of revolt; they had seen no decided plan prop-sed by the mutineers which could enlist the support even of the inhabitants of the country themselves. They saw alone a pampered and indulged soldiery (hear, hear), wvho sought to grasp power, net for the benefit of their fellow-countrymen, ut for their own barbarous objects: who would wish to cover the land with a tyranny as intolerable as that which it was the pride of England to have freed India from a hundred years ago. (Cheers.) If sucha band of murderers were permitted to triumph there could be no other result but the rolling back of the tide of civilization, the destruction of order, and the end of all security for life, and, instead, bloodshed and the relgn of desolation. (Cheers.) It was therefore no less the interest of the Hindoos than it was 'he duty of Englind to put forth the strong hand of power to crush the rebelc, and to restore to the people of India the benefits of a government which the bulk of the ! population and a Large proportion of the native princes seemed most fally to appreciate and approve. (Cheers.) If any fault had been committed, or if blame coald be attacbed to the rulers of India, it was that they had pampered too much the prejudices of caste. IHe trusted thatvtwesshould see our Indian empire soon restored to English rule and to the blessings of good order and government, that for the future we should rule India on the same broad principles as we ruled our own great country (hear, hear), and that while we allowed the fiuilest toleration, and permitted every man to enjoy his own religious opinions, we should not miss an opportunity properly and legitimately to support what we beheved to bethe truth. (Cheers.) Mr. BALDWsx FULFORD seconded the resolution, which was arried umanimously. Mr. C. TREFUsis, M.P., proposed, and Mr. SILLIFA2T seconded, the following resolution:- " hat. deen:y oomneerating thoe sufferers whom the late inhuman massacres have bereft of their famniles and their friends, as well as those who, escaping with their lives, have been dfiven house0ess and penniless from theSr homes, we consider it oue bounden duty to aseit ,o the utmost the efforts that are making for the!r rel!el. The motion was carried with acclamnation. Sir J. Ducscwoptvr moved that a subscription be set on foot in the county, which was seconded by Sir J. KMNAtWAY, and agreed to. A committee was then appointed; and at the close of the meeting the High Sheriff received upwards of 1,2C01. Among the subscri-tions announced were-Earl Fortescue 1001. ; Sir M. Lopes, 501.; Lord Poltimore, 201. ; Lady Rolle, 251.; Mr. L. S. Buck, 251.; Sir J. Kennaway, 501.; Mtir. L, V. Palk, 261.; Sir T. B. Ackland, :501. (second dona. tion); hlr. J. W. Buller, 601.; Mr. J. Sillifant, 201. Torringlon and the neighbourhood parishes, by Mr. C. E, Trefusis, 193l. 12s. ; Mtr. P. Hoare, 601.; and MIr. A. Stowey, .501. (in addition to 1001. previously given). EASTERN COUNTIES. The fund is still progressing favourably in the eastern counties. The amouut collected at Norwich and the immediate neighbourhood has now reached 3,8S01.; at Ipswich 1,0101.; at Cambridge, I,1751. ; at Bury St. Edmunds, 7701.; and at Lincoln and a numnber of villages in the neighbourhood, 1,2C0l. In the Grimsby subscriptiUn.list the Earl of arborough appears as a donor of 601., and Lord Worsley, M.P., of 161. borum S=ewark .3001. has been remitted to the central committee. At Boston 3001. has been subscribed, and at Colchester 4601. BRISTOL. The subscriptions announced up to Saturday last are a lit.le in excess of 4,0001. The Mayor has already remitted 3,4001. to the Lord Mayor of London. In the amount last advertized the handsome sum of 251. appeare as a donation by the Bristol Friends of Humanity Society of Journeyman Coopers, LEICESTER. The subscriptions in this town and neighbourhood amount to nearly 1,8001. The amount NOTTINGHAU, lThe amount subscribed in Nottingham and its neighbourhood is nearly 1,9001. BERWICK-UPON-TWEED. At a public meeting held in this town, under the presidency of the Mayor, a committee was appointed to colleut subscriptions, and a considerable sum has been already re- ceived. MIDDLESBOROUGGEOON-TEES. On Thursday evening a meeting, p resided over by the Mayor (Mr. H, Thompson), was held in the Town-hall. Resolutions expressing sympathy with the sufferers and appointing a committee to collect subscriptions were unanimously passed. At the close of the meeting upwards of 90l. was collected in the room. SADDLEWORTH. A public meeting was held in the Court-house, Saddleworth, on Wednesday last, the Rev. R. Whitelock in the chair. Addresses were delivered by the chairman, the Rev. T. Green, of Friezeland, the Rev. T. Sturgess, Uppermill (Independent). Mr. James Lees, the Rev. T. Openshaw, Mr. James Platt, and Mr. W. K Schofield. Various resolutions were adopted, and a committee was appointed to canvass the district for subscriptions. LOCKWOOD, NEAR HUDDERSFIELD. On Thursday evening a public meeting was held in the National Schoolroom, Lockwood, Mr. T. P. Crosland presiding. The meeting was also addressed by Mr. Bentley Shaw, Mr. J, H. Abbey, Mr. David Gledhill, and Mr. Burraus. A resolution expressive of sympathy towards our fellowcountrymen in India was adopted, and a committee was appoimted to collect subscripti6ns.
MILRDER AND AiEisIPEIT SUICIDE.-On Satuir- day morning, at half-past 12 o'clock, a murder and attempted suicide, committed under the most painful circumstances, were found to have taken place in the garden of Air. John Maisters, Register-house, Beverley. The folownng particulars may be relied upon :-Mr. Maisters had in his employ Henry Barker, as gardener, and Elen Hatfield, as housemaid, between whom a close intimacy.existed, and it was expecled they would be married. On Friday aftornoon the femnale servant went, as it is supposed, to have some conversation with tho gardener, and, not making her appearaince at teatime she was caUcd for, and did not answer. About half-past 7 the servants in the house began to be alarmed, and sent to Baker's house and found he had not been there since dinner. They then searched part of the garden, which is a large one, with candles, but found notbing. They walted with great an:iety untU about 11 o'clock, and sent for Mr. Robomson at the borough gaol. It was also discovered that Baker had taken his razorsand money from his relatives. Rbobinson then gave information to Mr. Dove, the puperintendent of police, who, with other parties, again searched the garden, and in a short time were shocked with a most awful spectacle. The gardener was found laid in a pool of blood with his throat cut and just breathing The poor woman was also discovered about a yard and a ha'lf from him, with her head nearly severed from her body, and life had been extinct some time. The gardener was removed into the house and the mayor and Mr. Boulton were soon in attendance. He is still alive, but not the slightest hopo is entertained of his recovery. Some letters were found en the person of the deceased which will partly explain the motive for the awful:deed. Baker was a quiet, moffensive man, but has been rather low in sDirits lately. The umfortunate deceased had been with Mr. Haisters some time and was highly respected. Eter fellow-servants state that she ate very little dinner and seemed to be out of spirits, I u inquest will he held t,o-day, Tisx M&Rx.xvS OF PARIS.-The following table shows the number of markets in each arrondissement, compared with its surface and population: Thus, of all the arrondissetments, the 4th, which is the smallest, is the best provisioned, sin ce it possesses the mag. rificent central HaUes. The adjoining 6th partly enjoys the same advantage, so that the market it possesses in its northern secton is suficient, notwithstanding its large population. The worst proded is the 10th, the two markets being in reality no other tban the MarobU du Gros Caillon -a miserable concern-and a few salls in the Rue de B&vre, witloAt eyen commnQ te efrora ba4 wPeather,
The new eoitIou of WOOD'sELEMENTS Of ALGEBRA, revisedand TVniproved be the Per. THXOMAS3 LUND, B.D., is now ready, price 12& li. London, Lonrgman and Co. In one vol. Svo.. pp. 30 nc O. ,tCONCISE HISTORYPo t TIRE ABO: ,YE2NT of the LNSANE a, Byt R.B GARDW ILL, F.&A. Member of the Roy&i 01 ege of Surgeons of England. Loogman san Oo., PaternosterVrow, London. Tbe late lColonel ARMINE MOUNTAI a. 8.K-In 1 voL. poet Svo., 'with Portrait, Price Spr 6d cloth, iNEMOIRS andl LETTERS of the late Colonel A. S. H. MOiIbTAIN, C.D. A.de-de-Carnp to the Queen, and Adjotaut-Generat of er Majest~'sFor:esIn India. Edted by hts MOUNTAI.. London,Logmanaaand Co. The EDUOAIOAL; C Y PEEO.Just publa6hed, iu poet 8vo., prioe li. 6id., sewed, .bhdI pty, PSSAYS upon EDUCATIONAL SUBJECTS read E sat the Educitional Conference of June, 1857. Witb a Short Account of theObJects and Proceedings of the Mlee,ting. Published by authority of the Committee. Edited by ALFRED HIL1, Barrier- at-Law, one of the EHonorary Secretarlee. London, Loogmran and Co HUNT on STAM.lERING=.-Published title day, thirdedltSon, the- rougly revised, with manuy important additions, price Sn. ed., post A TREATISE on tho CURE of STAMMERING, ALY&s'c. By JAMES HuNT, PLh. D., ½L15.L., &c. "Mr. Hunt' method Is more ebriple, as well sa more effe-tive than that of other prolsso3rs of the came srt."-WestmSnster Review. "This work is altogethertwihout a compotitaor. I dtbereocognisedauthority upoa the eubjoct."-iiuo. Lxondon. Long.nan and Co..d by postfrom the Anthor, S. New BurlIngton-etreet, W. ROUDIADGYi'sXEXPUBBIOAT_()Na-An "UDcle Torn' Novel. -in fop. Svo., price Is. lid, with fancry coverg,, HEgGARIES adotheir i§FRbIEjNDS. By F. J. op Lord Brougharn. Alibrary editiHon,pric Is.ieLgbbound ,i nopublished. " Thedramatic poser displayed iu thie itory iS truer n als e7entiel particulars to the instincts and habits of the mixed African -tra Gac rldetrato Lon don, GeorgeBoutleOdge and Oo., Farringdon. Thoe,0 U JD E or ie cloth, 2r 2 li 1a rT¶HE PRIVATE LIFE of an 'BASTERN RING L2-By W.M. KNIGILTON. With flunstretlonbyHrioWt. "Many a book with scarcely a tithe ot Its sterling value bns been ed comned with tlourlsee of trumpet4ts, oen up and continuud. We hear. il'y reoommend all to v.ek the book 1tt, :lt is lfoul to overbrimmnug witbh,oodthings."-Ioyd's Weekly News. London, George Routledge Now complete, in 2 voin., prc Se.li. encht, cloti,. VTICOJITEde BRAGELONNE. By A. DUMAS V Being the completloin of those celebratd atd e, "The ThTree twinketeers" end" Twe.nty Yearn After." Also. lately publishied:- TXhe Feathered Arrow. 2n. S~F. Gernnecker. Flood and Field. la. ld. 2By7 W. ELcwerl Pha6e6 of Love. Is. By G. H. Kingsley, Linny Lockwood,2. ByMme.Crowe. Praire Bird. 2S' Hon.C A. Murray. Vio-let; or, the Danseuee Is. 6d Anonymous. To he lolh towed by ardage u tHigh Life. Is. Gi. By the Author of c" T relynn., &,. London, George Boutledge and Oo., Farrington-etreet. BUSE}i sE E;UROPE IEPLT IlZ8LD: with an Iemdex-In one vol., price Sc., cloth lettered I) TSSELL's MODERN EUROPE EPITOMIZED, IA, or the Use of Students and Schools. Forming acomplete Test. hook of Modern. Hiditry, a perfect Treat-ray of Facts, Dot-es, and Iso. porteant Events, the History of Kin gdons andt Slates, and of the Lives ofCelebrated Characters, with en ndex. M .ndon, Geore Routledge and OD., Farringdon-Aretre. WIsh 103 illustratIons bY Otto llnectcer.-In I voL., poet 8vo, price PS., cloth t L Pti- ONE EIJUOBED PICTUIRE FABLES, with new 0 in,& Otto SbpookIer,elaborately engraved by the Broth'rs Daiie, it itynesbyF.HEY tanlaedby DULUKEIf. T~e deh of thou,ght and Intense meaning conveyed In the beantituln dgnsof Oto S ktnr cominedwiththesweet slompliclty of the rhyme, reder ~ voume a St or te mauredintellect as It lsater the totelttent child. London, Georogre otleuudge and Co., Farringdou Noew reod 80Yi BR'e UIULINAItY OANtPMGNIn poa 8eo, price Fe-.. clth xrgi. 5 OYER's OULIN ARY CAIPAIGN, Illuatrated I,Z with Pertratt and niumern Enrvn R;wt ec-eipte to carry economy and an improved bIl ffr noeeyhueod and thie P'lain Art of CooDkery In .eli bltr n ii nsiuin,teAm end Niavy, &c. 15,00) copIes fti okbr be nafwdy eagerly purchesed. AlmoettueniepashedscbdteCii nary Campaign ae alussiuctlve and auing volu e, whichuetery one should have. London, George outdre e d Co.. Farrlndon.strest. A Boir for everyn fop. ivo, price 5'.. balf bound. rf,HE EO0 MIALHUSERKEEPER; beir.e ,Pruciical Advice for Purhacuing the Supples of the Homte, En'd for BRAg, Brewling, Preserving, and Pickluig at Homo. With Directionsfor the .ntas,ementoftheDairy, IoultrvyYard, Laundrp, and Cellar. By J. H. ..ALitEE, F.R.C.li.,asitdba mnte o Ladies, and tustrated with numerous ood Enravigs. London, Georg Routledee end Co., e'arringdou.streto rrjHE LAW of L O dTENAT By JLW. A. HOLDSWORTHl, Resq., of Gay's-ton. Barrlster-at-lawe. "VO shouldbe neglecting our duty as journalists It we did not give thin book all the puiblicIty in our power. so completely floes it appear to ns to meet those vexed ques°ione and irritating dtfferenes which are perpetually eccurring between landlord and tenant. It is at once suif filntlsy popular to be Intelligible, and nuitinently accurate to ho trudtworthy."-Manchester Exainer. London, GeorgoB ontledg eand Co.. Farringdoin-etreet. DILL Luoko. o-Theii T hosad p2dce N NDIA. By 3.T ousH.prceSTO 6d boards, I*D JLTCQUMEL Wthan Ac. o1 oaut of the Mutiny Iu the Beoe,d Armny, and reliable information on the Govemment, the various Rloutes to anad uropean Life In India, Also descriptions of the Principal Uowns, Cl1outta, Mladras, Bombey, Delhi. Agra Luoknove, &a.; and practical advice on puXr. chasng the eceessary otittdsuit;ble to either route-the eea or over- iand. In thhi velumo It has been the aim to ondense and ooncentrae al the information regirdllngthe Britifh lmpire in the RElt, whioch Is no essential ebould now b knowna by every oen. Loundoni. Ge orge H outtdge and C lo.. F arrlng4eonetreet. rPHE CAUSES on COTSEQ1)IENCES of the r Evv, ON AY IS. London. CrIb an, GroSmbridge and Sans, 5. l'aternoesrow 4.1th dtinprice 8id.. ps re (DELL's SYSTEMo SHORTIAD By which the natd sure of tkicg down sermons, ltu trals. speeces., BC., m e ayb noiOed in a few hours without the f master. Sroon brig adsoon, ts, P anternoats6rrow. JolCopeted.-In six volumes royal Sro.,cen--taini lob accuxatels. Coloured Plat Pricae, I cloth giSt, A HISTORY of BRITISH BIRDS. By thoe v f. A~F.0. MORRIS, B A. The volumies, l7s.e. acs, aud paxts at ls. each, can 6tt be had. "hAn ornamnaetto any o hbraoy."-Churah of EnglanidMagarine. "It is the cheapest work on Noturl History ever pnhiinhed."--Critle. London. Groombridlge and Sons, 5. Paternoster. row. W ORKS by Dr. ROTIL, Physician to the Insti-tuition for tne -Tretntoos of Dlnoeg.e by Movementsa and the Russisn Bath. In Old Csev-ndish ELret. London, end to the InstitutIon in Marlborough-place, itrigh ten. HAND-~BOOKO ofthe MOVEMENT CURE.So 3, CGymnastIc Free Exercises Without Apparoftus. 2s. lid. 4. Latter to Efrl Granville on tho Importance of Gymsantim-. In. 5. The Russian Both. Pric Is. (Iroombridee and tbonse S. Paterooster-row, NDIA ;i- RGos and tts Rulers : a Series of I.ectnres b JOHN gVMALCOLM1 LUDLOW, Esq., Barrister-atLaw. Uncinimllan adC. inrde Thindyi ulse,rc e.ld intocordingwit tote esinoftel X rnsae Notes on the PeesagesI hc tDfesfo u nhredTas lation. By the HEon,anVey ev E Y .JHO & ,DD, Dean of Lishlield.Laeypbshd Tho Book of Gene-I,S.ld n h ok of Exodus and Lavl. lion, ls. li. d. norwihteav. Cambidre Mamilln ad Co. ENGLIH SCHOL LFE.-Wll b publshedin a (Ow uzzys. In lbsword as ve sen tisboo i t he onnsstisfatr tons" lithtul, nd a theannetime trepcoe fthebetesotoscol boy Ifeevsryetpublse."--Epsetao "Atoogl laatand reserein Dr rnold ll comit nothin o dtr nTtoron" lter ~Izetl, Mcmila~ sznOt,Caildr DecVAed to the Dtuke of lleaufe&- Now psady, in STrota THE tIQUIRE of BEECHWOOD. By SNMY'- HATi. p hotogrph of real life ID the best cl,desL"-OooMr Journal. Hurat andlaIKrett, pul,j iheim ruoDeemo s to Henry iburn_. 1,0w eO. MAt .1ilZ the libraries in 3 Vols., BYMOUR and ktlri FRIENDE a NOVeL By the- 13Author of " Thu Oceret Hacrljae,t liurgt aco B*Aceitt, pub1". Oet, snore,oralto IdeRrv (13,4bnro. 13, Groot l(alboroughamstre. VW rea.atilcb lrre,lfVOILe, tsC., TIFUE to NATURE. A y delightful tale."C-- John Ball. "thte.t e write The toneo o the bdek s exoulut,and l. bye ol h rl.tf go ense, and refeesntSo sucoe inos to Hor, CoOlbun. LADY COHAT1TRTOX`s NEW NOY- ready InS v ok., IFando iuts oREuALITIES. By I4dIAF . Hu-t and Rlalaoett, sueeSanes to en BtCobu'. ow dch.pier Rliutn. eved.-Now rtady. li oneD vL, with Map- and additlocal Illuatratlons. IILs W.bond rPTI OXNIA inNORWAY . or, Notes of X txnraonB n t%t CuntY. the R1ev. ?. ART6L&t.t M.&_ Jl.Uowof tnola oUete.Orford. Hotst and digackett, pubjiherx,, 11. Great Marlbarough-ctreet. Now amd,I, n agevte. with ima, aNW Plate ISs. BR. ABRMTRORa PE9RSONAL NAR1AXTIVly D ofthoDIfCOVItYof the NORTH.WE91T PAM&GE lp-- H.M.8. E3 OVE ,-La fuU and utbentic recrd. DrjArmstsog'g ove ill e ra of te moest Taluable of the Arctic namrauvsra -I.nterarry° Gazette. Hurtbad Elackett, Dublaiber. Now ready at all the Ubrrlee, in 3 vcok, TCe ~mO G JIRII)E. By Mrs. BISCOX.. THTEere n a harmin testle and a sustained interest through.- out this work, and the reader wWil Putwiihepthre" from the o pllrhed authoreeswhohbaw to ahlytlold the horrowt, the struggle, " . rictoclee anai the reward of I The Young Bride. '"-Onserver, kiunt and hackett, oublieher,. sooceus to Hens Colbura. rPEsE STOBY L2: ' wh ic & 3eiltal book e urt rboe noe oo r ill be iine t putu Foc fparkluing dmiotveGEDTudWi'ente dwen atbned ao ll Hore and Mlace t pehllherl soc pset h eouem ol = tores ato E enry ColbrW. Now rd aE l eWilGt, it 3 fl 64. Henry STOR ofenrm LIFe.BLd . Bohu,, W. Wtth c2Dar3town ,0 beu t,ncloth enrt3 e Dz ztee bys. a, pa r l"ouce apis holC and we dob nioet I Ot wil eentlG Bobno. street, oventK rden.W.Covu . deL%a Fol of pornkstlCnO anedoe cd atr3iog advenureoo, It Mapes DOthrades paIe toom the denouement.'achrnule. "The volumes re wimel t ttGok and everdul"-liamiur. urs andhacett uG.Bblihr, Yucrk- O~RWAY' aSLE its SGHT,Y~Witl 4 larLe Steel LI dlates,s Mapd -of hsand. and Dy RS. hFanelOREologl,l Map Henry G. BonH, York-street, Covent-grdet, W.0 . ct9En rzvtgown S. it oodith, gilt c.u e-rges,h £1 I, 1b oueIs4 sold stardSat m. rcels d Henry G. BolU, YorkCtet COen- trdet, 'V.0. rdn.. ALG17IDE~~~~~M toh thc i;OWEFdf OTER Two 'role, imperl vto., o tf 2 E ngravings ony .ticp w., on, hul ALTOICN's ENGRLVTE A NLER TwitOhNotof 1ArCacleTaln alStORYcUl , o i th E jCokletn- Too4se Isri addut now eohount of l Manscegstaero). Henr ty G. o Yr street, GOBt. r en. Y cratdes. W u r W rs~~~~~eaufuyenrve on stel With ol S2lnsr clr g by Lurat,, postwSo GUry e oh Yor-tee. CoenrGen, toteKN WLEDEo POTTERY ltntA eboalllleEgaig nWo,poistl va,, cllosth,5 bal ndl rSia. Hen G. 6d Eohn, Y ork 10AR' 3T ENRY fOBOOGlA siadE PRV evmeAK Wit tsapard n Pof 10 inew E niai ng.ustten On oo, and ap, pst va.u 1NDILE The' Eries TAims tokn the Prall, Covent-gard ohn. YWketet CvntgreoW W:1 ith 0 agr.Bngsd Co. od..p °3e.,coh s, rwt teail DE nof2 P Q EngravInRST FRNC Blet s.d. ' ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~' DEALTORQ~ COMPLETRE GLEoRf wit tbortm IVYrdica G.nd isoleD. EdiedbyE. OB3Ee.T whc u de n Oon ofsbrl LIr1s5lngStalons, byIN HB 1. ohaeLn 1i3. B cobnD.iYo tet , In oveu .adeNt W,. Po, Ot 8ro., it nlole ons.1 for d ally rbl d. S7, Boono.ny inrancl~e,. f3ra Ythe Gran,ith coosiderabl'ea, 33 ddi t Wra, Lyofth.lPA cL,dP.D, He.ry5, Henry1.B, ,Yr-tet GUIstolre to tlhe colouremler. 10. 6d.. t nL tAI \'s ..0 . u unru OGCA TirABLES. RJsoevisedr sodsrcean d H ot obuetGA oL Irt C ororolog History of u ithe W t.ogrd fo the earl to1lt hel e u-s'of Trtw th P race', a D HENRY ByT. WIL ROSS. Henry G..BBoon York-street,C d In2 oe., ost uro. clt $ its.;ore hon Am i n tne thic volme,ha Oer5 U r E Ju*eseIr e *o so bee :os, Ils. iL. FreICTINR ofd OBS.a Vr.oLnT a3d 6d tW Covent-garden, W.C, _o st SD t. and Co. .HBEPLYLC OTNCf FODTU1 3REIGNPOBS G eORnE TS pr_ o Fench.'s IEliaon. Grman, duh LSond.on. ongSh andCo_ an.1,im D na ndeb Cowit Iliucbirh T'a latlocshl00 and Co;..Ine.B POCE RQIET's FPScTh, FeN thd . EACF.o ( iDEKOO or HIsTof Vof rthi SarUACENS re v Di e F Notd, Portrai oftMhmmd Peatry GBohn,Fe YoAret. oPsY IC aireu,w Tove.In one pie t Sen., w ortl it clth Is. Gd., EIr:.nReadl 'eckLIFE of MolHA, elgh andt Measue S aUC- LCESSOSS. HenrGD., Bobo. Yor6d.k-st reet,Coetare,WC bmw dillo, capGetde Ire,i ot.,wIto c eoltours lP n FuraIngo octa i A-tl d. ps fD, , c-.1 loh Ins.oLn pki u. r h adt'om ul 1 a e, Od.,l 3LACPKWOOD'~Fs nta -& rn E IF RQYA Ts LB REAfor Tur,nin DYJ reclofthent Poelo.hent SiIs. Bohrln, Yrk-street, Coeent)gr LuTraIr' rafs forConLratonICA TrABLeS-u. Revtire Fri o IC. i ls' g ire 'An -ethrendain theChnoory ofEgandtc Hiasltor o ztoe World,bro thaerearti:-is Pariseuey.t oyth e M Ru'e- an TreayofPac oAril 185. -y -t iLLOU. Y in,pSldHnr1. Blnd Yor.tee, VTWOES TdM' AMCABN SikN. 3~s. fl, Lb SUlplio and Co. La est, &,~Petten. . O d. &CSiOE eol' Yoditho,i.. London WLaougman &c. Co., toolItisrbinand o. Pr-elferg. Ma 3acha and C - I'rlee- Is. l eacrhs.1.idOn OH X H. STEGGALL: a Chldr wistor oof Sf NOlejfg,i, au bopelsng beotk Pa ulpsya KPhraeog, PremIier. Pat inrg Feenel F oein eayreofCoerpof Cboins.tWigh annle 0,mb curge;li Vcwah.. lyIimrelf and Fenhtenders, inv.tw. COlouLrs, red and Alie Ivella A-et. isnt lot- 2ot London. Fimo-kin. Mandal Oo Co. RENCH irN 3S. Is. each QiJeEsTp's la E TRSR fo Trnn TkfEngEnlishI inoFec t ih, d.sinGamr Cni al doFrench, Pxeaes. for Covrsto, rd ct e ar cicarePat Lor.* -en-sidon. .-'. Sionmikn. Mcarshall, aud Co., TEi.iyTR m. dohadwtaend PRSLIN. 3stte Gd.,e ,,,Tlhl!PllrosIay "lian). 0s. Gd. . La OLD,ce PARISHQn'ele Ott 3.-prIs. Gd A --toie wble o b F ran c. 3-. Gd.cesinEg Tr.-,tewRi~~.lpItisohel.oadC o n. Sa n ati ia%11Cf6=sthelitris N wrootmt-Da loh Ju7rA. Gd., 'Mo I -rtes Cmmnedo Corilgu't?hrys Co.leg. CAlmb,ldg, and Is n~-Otrw C-at-st. Lofrmany,1rarestaudog I~n .Fethe Chaurc fE -sgau. ar- os.v,toet. sopnlaev writth." caimr.kintan dlCooa'ta DE PRQUl~r's'ST&DARDby ters:n At.B BENCH ANNOTATI~~~oNfis 6d.'ro-omas Frenchand £gllshVersioon. is. Gd. pot 'E LonRY on.th u, p kInt,, Masain, and Co.mma .o a This' itrevda Irsth lottitgd.aper. cloth int do i t, JmxB, 'od F9erMtr,rBoLDsPORLW,bogtont C'3. Tri ityTor m 155 . I o~ do . S h w a d S o t. e tt rla e Th=GREAT GERM N(VEL.Now ready, in to;. S.,, prt-3ol . tillstratilve wrappey - or s. lothb LoPECULATION ; or, Deeo and C-editor. ) toMance from the German. Owingto tbeextrsc-crOarya sd un. precPdented deIand foe this work on the ooutDeont, i6. ruy ht-ea the.. beiO rlG rum>r.Utpbtet .t,e2.v. 'ncle Tom "Bo. couticenta Eun-ope. and the Subsecrd bein g :de co great Public intereJt at the present monetary crisis a la-ze ditc haw been Prepared for lbs Englisl reader. (Quote the pCrce whou orlering.1 London..T . mes Blchwoos, 18,-etlito uoJrt, Pater n. er-era--. Miss Cn&rAtz- NOV};, -Nitw. rrwiy at all the ll'roeP. 1na 3 WIl. PVERSTON. Bye GEORGIANARM. CRAIKrc - . S I.rth t o hr d n n S m i t h,El d e r . so d Cb " lo . . k6 d5' 6 . Or nt II l l TIGE SHOIN Ato,rIn IF. D har3d, publlshiled,to lofpeil v, wIhA PoLteIn otheoreir tPsser.ap2h fro sktchetos tora thsaD t ot theot.e TT8iGEu -rtroi, OOINGto; in IN IA Bypzah,t Ul^teOkut.>t WILLa ^ SLI&MRICE It2haP B. mba. N.. fic -'CLondr'brtion,gmt.ldr axta 0o.t Jnf t publIAhe. io. prie i, W w m TAMNTfgeAv_TeIOst,l mnd t O>e NG animerLt t3*d WO E, dw 22 tinct- Sermon poreched Is C'- Paooris Churcish of Y.zatlPlitned. i shIre. tOD hr Cho noml hey. tEho SlILVAN lILA.. IIrs.c.ott Wnolnes.dwst Fas-t, umiliaton,ad Pead Iec with the ifor coed J -, tPs-vr ccolo. Now ready. prime is. Gd.. cloth, red el Far. OA CALENDAR of LE_~l3(.)S for EVE1~Y DAYij,. AJthe yEAR. Z?y tbtc WwNEf5ON'. 8pocia'17ycompUed f ' us% with the third edItion of his "IlBook of Familh Part,-:' Al-ao. by thos same Author, nt-ice Is. Gd boaind toe thir edition of A Form ofFa-mily Pra;er. witA I rlatiens for the Days of the. Nee)L and Chovehi, Seasonst. ' Elarl Kelsou's * CaendaVr' Spplies, on aIn ax. oelloot Principle, A. lectionary companion,.S ste spoalt. to any e7srtnO ne famoily worshilp.S uch.. ue a *Calendar'bhas long been wasted no4 the paInt beetowed Otn tbo present one ought to render it nsidelg sc*eptab!e to Churchmen,5 " The third edfl on of th.esame nobcle author's 'Bnook of Family Prayers'ha s at apgsareKL we have seat coateta ad plns ar als lir spea fro at.lInakr
SALES BY AUOTION. Chimney, Pier, and Ceneole Glatese, Gleandoles, Coneole and Orna, mental Tables, Btands, Brackets, &e. MNR. PHILLIPS Will SELL by AUCTION , at his Rom eir B30nd-etrft,t on Thersday. the 2Oah itet., at 1 s,. cetlWy, 00 brIlliant PLATEt GLA88ESe of various sizes, moty of them s.f large dimnension,a, lntrodsued into handsomely carved and gilt Iravues, suitable for the drawin roow, library, stIinstg roow. and boudoir; baudsowe Ornamenta and oansole tables. gl3ndoea. e;aegerm osbinets. ohleval and toilet glasses, bracl;ets, znd a variety ef a-t-iectof utility and decoratiieta, May beviewad t'heday preoeding the ,ale, and catal, geese bad at hlr. Phl2lllpa us above. kandsomo utodern Ituruftmr, Suiteo of Silk ,euc other Curtais, Glases, Cavauts. lPianofortes. Cabinets, lrnoye, and D)ecorative ubjeats. M R. PHILLIPS begs to announce that be will SELL .itJ. Isv ATJCT'ls ON', at his Great Rooms, Itew !:0el -street, oni Wed. t-Edaly, 4th Novsttb-,bs. tl1pr,clsely, the excellent modqrn MM~'N. TURS, coDtitetrlog a suite of drawring-room cvnk,for tbree lofty windua R, in cri.sonk and gold atik. with cbairs,b. usa, and sstcw~s, ds. signed itn walnut-wo d1 ad covezed to coorre.pond. Spanich msbogary dining-room turuiture.lncludisg a nioble sl,rbuard,sesth tlate-ltIaes baIck. e-xtending dining tables, '_( stufred back and easy cintr tiuncer waggout. Sin. an elegan't boudloir tuite, eover.~d in groan and white nat.in the ftttnseg of the library In oak ecover-ed is) grOeL morocco, comprtIing sofas. ct airs, hooktesces, pedestal and other tables, cbisiney, p!er, and .Araban bydAteadsN, uoahle oandt goml, e wardrodbtsraced Taslstv,d dauchetsba3 and athe Isressigtables an ginsection ofancient hIddLug,FS irusseirad furomtey ctaints,pchina, Dwlass and Flemi. ay hbo: ( iewe te uday, texeinglsb and noaowintg Of teat And ctelegnoitlpet a a AnciRusdent Vnd dern Cpt-ree. Vn . ~ od I .elianecolPs. . be gse to anounceY tat Mona preceSiLL da.tase bee 1u , osatow 1 ressl at corllect.so1 of ancientPCUiEo eeR.' Prm HI LtLIPS Saish iuttrucand tlami,n sob,yit cMiieeips AUTIN, teal floingth master oftt tovembr nuis dilples In tuementim by mriaWniegotatiosn, u th t.efoa Vttgofr A, Canel IE-E rtepetaewith e dery Capeotla Van tae!cu yo als smaae flaminy Ig esituple by moder e rtsiste of tumerlan ishtrenh. fhnad Belgia so heatiae n scole yh veedcaetue day and Muamd sreceting theialre,pand. batvlogtwo hrawiat MrooPicss a sddD aboce.ofgd rpr ~~~~ the~~~~~~~,eleganl bntueen N,K emupxi-arlyancte, mnho Novemberuar , ialunless icposauo Mnoternmoeantielb purnivtue notation thfe LEAbsE f a ieremptofra getel R.PETERE BReplet withevr cSELor for theUCTIONn,o a omnlfmiy t t iPr situat on the deasty Otide-o 2Uumbatlenod-eorketa tial srepar, haviNgTTworawin romprosand dinhngL oro-.oft good rother. hoot,eitt. withe plae-glabess hinows, a. Anod entlrmattcehl,sie clranbipal g,aud theundaly chambe,e, n go r domsiesti ofcl s un ther Cle.catt lsilk, Ok indiinge wdroom,an panhleb mtogay eahauhor& appeC-sndaghey may b opurchafosedrwithdthealease,oandtitose.isoenrhad a,tvanveatr a, rct ill ey goldaoDs ntfbv, cThg,dnebrel gone may havew guiea.-e cbiseec th our Rofland 2 o'loc by tickets Olanly,tohoha at Mbr,fip,2. Poultrpy -doffice. ,Ne Butiund,. 2tee-tr 2, R.enalngton-padk-g rraTe, adbeoke-,v5 1r. 1sEtst.rtet. l,vcoure- R. PETER B3ROAD will SELL byAUCTION, IU. on the nal P Tem vern,o Wedk-nesdy.obe Nc.a 2o'cioskr,2 all thecmsueriorbin 1 LisRNT -trtR . cmprising m.thoss four-poht aed othr- edatefsle. goorse fa:the:wrbeds, horse h, atr ansi 'ic'er4mattresss clean~b beodding, aod the business hamdther reqistite,,s a-dlvs and ohu carpetef, chimey diglasos, cloks,w-1s n d btl-bsrre- gunPb Jack, guttar,l china, oa os kitcheny uteni, had ontburmeeMseloss Mar be Ct!Tavern.e Mtiarkty onrle; or at 2the byctinet,' ot laenas ; atS loithecliy s 2Polr pub~iclyv treday Crorsas d oss-kiceg of sale. Oasl-gu on th -rmses, Tlakero 00b Btsiefe doing 100dSzcks Wecklw4, Lceso-.e tet es. aencl. i!r OPEISR SONAD andllARELL y AlUSTION, ITJ AUTIteON,atl taheirnRom, 1arlan. sPaul't;eese- b orvtyhord on. W or.thes,Ctoe INTRFO ist Sh pru'zgialy 1,EAE TO ILTAescmm ding ncAm Ie .(bX0a 41.biteonstreown blarykebts, 1,5W fur thp.e2 paitnrscoton anod1 lien sbe. a:th dozenrrtto 4 tavele ort, weii s-sarlie wit lb.rer odvieweof the busprceiness and thorFingtofre, and tecataloguetradeo a' baikehrmding 1 ak REdre, -hip. ah ies-,Dg P.,oft1 bo Iirst saccimcensl lanecaornat the for acthcser' ceebrcte,dS estalism itry. ~ ss ln sotn,ar Creatd Coats,o WisIetsl, R~_FistCas Vrie-ass's,, ~iI.se. (ncois. Towtel, Linen. BerlI mny Wects,0 dof. Inraces, and tate, Ea-teas hr. theSl fte ne oae r's vo ert at f5ill SELL bye ESSIRS. FURBIE beg to achurcohyird RC,SALu vOA ll take( white anthobrowe tatsels, 20m(r1w tu ~cvp,b 27,5 pair coto anf innsee t ol s, Te02y dc-zntawb, w2n-thg Api-mteut 30 lb. avErund woolsar,fac geIooms,io safle, saluaa cloaks, scianlag.. kg, alay ho vr.iewed pithegday lYrcedntand- mRnA.ine prof sale,and chincoa had slum ano. 23, hnry-offies.cedneCsday. uOct.in-h Funtre sat s oitmets of thechradrming Itwoedecce.1 cbedtin bmany oflui tIchoies magnimient wafdcabiet wor from wlbst clbraed lseti dalish:,: t-t f '1 -sre clkine!tonChfo-resin-reauofu mWoetalR,. exunie Printsae.10 vle~M, wine oots tbe ale f th Onen Dws~er's roprty at V Mslleovcrbeuve.6 ESSRS. FURBER bog to annoancoan ths SLa:a will tak piace n the t'eissaee Tr-msrrw tl;t-h orn7 and snkale , len t folw -sssa,Oloe 1-h Aieryhmtent Pof artee oyrigna p1Ainting by theoli R.-t. floe proof p-re,chZina end grlas anf basemEenitc,ofices. Wednesdy Oclto. 2h-Tls .. rlereo w secon ary Reiiee anSto rncp l bdcnBers,includiP-ngitomagon thret wArdoe ninofreChi rab trett.he lies. t deaRstovy v-r.so'n, ull rmab piaofordte in, batifulrmaple Tbnexusitve crane.litm, wtMn . rayin eaop ee,h., Thusdaby, f0g. -Teftinggae , Inteofcr~ 5wt te- Mroo RlIbary, octdealeroarl-ofia, pltedHu atndlsh op adolain, o wihoosi.te lass fout lerve' Holyr CudWr ackel fer,eprouc'n lytogentbr a Dcr.nstl and starc vraluble acitrbond of itwemaving fHake. c tnber Ft Inaver a m. rtia. fultpremit; at ttae idla Houses, %5t doukle-ritreet sls-m nCurchsitrtst.ae t.0e corersi-of e BatraVs-oInr. Tcuped p remses ; sedeThrb e opnToepnsti ecew 00Msisa, 51.P Hackney, BlegIrntee Onhiureh cOtt,-doorbt Ar-!,yeTod Propert,- OobM. ArU , the. Ctart,o WOd oterd5 NuRouetbus. b ee ofteESeRSele H0! M r. OstES aitn,d,ceA LLENha. PmrtcivaePedinsrcinoe n uiaat PreylI-,('Tothersises, o h Aewtbos sidr or.Clgoll.Tb etretnarowTheuegdVc,tor,2?s-e, tllo'slos~thtg modaernoindtwollomrs ofacteredoee over R staLlIn act'.igc- sarin rear. irol104ish , encblos byd feluing gaSeds, nthedscn beofinr. RudthrVladl fcunidlrtu alor cbsmHouse and shopaD davjonisg,r waaith t-iate-gu,as front led slk M. Lsto aiter, bookseler, rcicecng together sueita crvel, nt o£00pe annum, ieenphl 01temimias nor ofthaney. tffbt s Is,- ardery ipeenta s,qit snent; Leaslehld tti mso, iris doubl-frnte ekap m ik o Cuch-fstreel, t'h conero Iaxtr's-coditn-, occtpied cby pe.ult,y and Thrl,efe Tone ~o benin letdat£a-near ,l held motnangrotm rentof £3t. Pgu articulate a 15hinsetsisk-plaud sofsiets. Hupisaa(dBod C.hIgt.eLw-Ee?Asgant Furntuo re,mOut-dorirCle-endPony Mpbamto Co,_Co, LCedalf and ohuer Itifets, jESSRS. BAILEYEY and . SNwilSLLE hyAUCe nerM h TIurc, Ctthe AllTt, onm Thuesday. Octotber at 11 o'clock .the uwoderUn no welo-nl muiatre DW tRNITHtrR it h comprig handgorme mahoanyAraban nd fur-oat edseads t.sttim nc,a and the stoatru furitoe oe haber, a eegat raw dgrhoo p ti, Pr semusi-tre Ctyb lowe this oan anrovd mRening of sale,p Cai,gumlad, ont the d EN RY HA~IsNESBd SpON labe istiuatbdebyth, H Executor ofth lEtY Jond SOlb win l ES ELL byniAlC. AlCTITOONatG3thwAySt.t nTRS rday, Octobe 12, aJtb12 orrlube.o stdwellts, auris-bil HRVDWF.LUKt3AHofJs;Eithsp( andUu gearden nto iu, Ftore-streets, CrIapblFat-roneof thee rols years,atl 1 lhow centyo 1nor £0Thees annumy alasolatbik-ult bouenpi and fhop, NO.1. repanr.n'h- ace, its-end-ntsoldsheld attlee low2rent of £t0 pe tro ltit Psy-ay 1oi. fosre wihichndatlarge pmay be ad rat h AutIo ne2s,t le a Heof es,Bole, Tmr.pleates Pors5 ears, 8reendewabemevery; of Ysessv. Mon thaymn t out 1 fine oha21,str&t of erse. Paom inalo end Lr ' enry 16,y bIge twetdb oern of Muse, Haley antscilBo.hrostehadet W, c oy. g ane,so vantageeOf a2 Grseo-Inet premium Rftor ~re:raln; atlease.i :a eoder,awa, leas raed en the prriseiQie.the Grapes $,Wiaceraute, sietu at nFrc tre,Clplgt.oeoftems rlthslt h iyo
