DEATHS. ba, SIMIa, on the 16th OA., Louisea, w1e of dLiut.-Oolonel Great. bied, U.II.' 5th FRegk, ond Uddbzce Itonue, Doreea, On the 29th Oct., at Simla, In the E,sb Indies. RAg 24. Lieut Rlward Saiwey, Bengal fjoree ArtUlIey,eld.or toe of th.. Srtv. FnhO.%a knlWey, TIcar of Oaweit:y, iu the cotiity ol, s*op. tie died of abtecos In the liver, brotught on by expowie and hard iverk in the trenches at th~e zlego of DelIj. A. Seroor, on the 5th Nov., Augusta, the beloved wire of Lieutenant. Colouel Thomas Tapp, detervediy btloved anLd Biocerely regzetted by all who knewv bet. A.t Galcutta, on the 6th Nov., il the 43d yeae of hbl age, Rdward Thomoas Oslvin. of the) Bengal Civil 6terelse, yuwigee. son of thle latw Jamaes Coiviin, 9Ee'. On tho 3d tzssa, at MOerton, Mr. A. de Obasteljii, age 43. On thoe llt iott.. aot B3road3t ir AlMsisc Treoiothcl;. eldest dausghter of the late Ja11ea Treht4b1c, 1ej l4to of Addinglon-place. 8urney. On the 122,Ii leet., agedt 66, at his roaidernce. the Yewv Tiee, 13u;ibroughton, Worceseteraldro, Thoesse Flrxmomtono. Esq., fero, erly of 13otenyllelds, Newcaetle, snd late of Doddlespool 1llD StlffordisIro. On tho lLtb last., a 0, anleint ck-tErraco I100tent's-park, in tbe 73th Year of her egge, Mary Ann, heet sLureivlng daughttr of the late Rtobert Hdilby Ce;, ]fq. On the 14th meB., at No. 13. Oowu-esneetrt, Waiworth-road. the rezideucee of her graideon, Mr. Bell, Mrs. Gracey Holmwill, aged 74., On the 14-th inist.. a-t 15, Alrzod-piLee weat, Brompyto, Francea Eliza betb, third daughter ot thltoat e tobest Lightfost, Ca-I., mansy years Storskeeper of lierMalesty's Vtltualtsrg* artd, )eptford. On the 14tph Int.. at I'itcalrle, N. -8., Taylor Oatbcsat, Esq., of CarbIzttn andl PilcaIrle. On the 15th last., at Bideford, North Devon, Mlr. Thomas Wlokham In his 30th soaLr. On the 15th imet., MIr. William Fiaher, of the Weattinamter Hotel, lata of the Elephant and Castle. On the 15&h Inst., of al,opiexr, at the reeldence of his snn-ln.law, D. 11. (5. Wildbre, eaugeou 9LO., 2, Oharlotte-etreet, ltzroy.eqare, John olgeitt, Eeq., aged 72. Ou tteo 15th let., a' Bournemrouth, Rilchard Scott Deightoa, Esq., WO1 telr, late oif Jo.nt-Areet, HIedford-reow. deeply regrettec. On the 15th luzt., at his reaiAence t29 3pper Blerteley.atrebe, Portman-aquare, after a rhort bet ze7ere illness Rtobcrt l'aendergcass, Eeq., aged 70O. Onu the 11th inst.. at her residence. No. 7. New-street, Spriug.gardons tho Dowager Lady Barrow, relIrIt9o the l5o hWi John iBArow, BArt., In tho Slbt year ot her a,e. On the 16th iuEt., at 3, HlIgh-row, Kenaington Gravel-pite, William flavell, Ysq., aged 75. On the lo Ia inst.. at the residence of her Eon, 1, Albuon-tern-ie, Limehou2e. Mia. IfUzabeth Colelatly, widow of the lato Mr. Peter Gellatly, of Li mehouee aged 96.
TRADE REPOBT. Wednesday Evening. SUGAR.-The following are the particulars of the public auctions to-day:-1,686 bags Siam that were taken in; 650 hogsheads Cuba muscovado of indirect Importation were partly disposed of at a reduction of Is. per owt. on the lower kinds-viz., at 31s. 6d. to 3Ss. Gd.; middling to good brought 35s. to 40s. per ewt.; of the Havannah, 200 boxes, about half sold at 35s. to 42s., whtch was 6d. cheaper. Only 69 hogsheads West India are reported. COFFEE.-82 casks and 55 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon brought 57s. to 62s. for fine fine ordinary smail to low middling bold coloury. RICE AND SALTPErRE.-NO transactions to mention. JUTE.-530 bales sold at very low prices-viz., 111. 7s. 6d. to 181. 10s. for common to good. TALLOW.-The market Is quiet to-day; 51s. 6d. has been accepted for this month. 51s. 9d. January to March, 52s. 6d. to 9d. for March; 52s. 3d. is paid on the spot.
STATE OF TRADE. MATCEHESTER, DEC. 15. SeUers report a more gloomy feeling than has yet been experienced since the present commercial derangements commenced. Some few isolated cases are mentioned of sales where the manufacturer was willing to tako very low rates, and in one of these 9,000 pieces of domestics are said to have changed hands at 9d. per lb., for which 123d. per lb. had been offered a month or rather better since. Some descriptions of shirtings are said tobe 2s. per piece lower thaa in September. Instances of depression like this only serve to mark the utter derangement and hopeless stagnation of business. Some few purchases have been made for shipment to India. and much disappointment has been felt that from the nature of advices to hand a largor business has not been done for that quarter; but it is presumed that the impossibility of getting the bills discounted usually drawn against such shipments sti11 operates as a barrier to any transactions of magnitude. As a rule, sellers of both yarn and cloth reort them as quite unsaleable, and there can be no aoubt that the aggregate transactions of the day have been inconsiderable. Cotton yarns and cloth are all lower in price-yarns fully id. per lb.-and great irregularity pre. vails owing to the pressing tnecessity which some producers are under to realize. T-cloths are reported by some of the makers as Md. per lb. under the rates of last Tuesday. & rumour of some impending commercial disasters in London is said to have added to the gloom In this market. Alessrs. John Slagg and Co. report:- *- Since our last report the market generauy has been quieter, and prices more Irregular than at any time since the decline commencead Today especiaUy, with the exception of a few smau Purchases fo India, thero Is reauy no demand for goods, and the prices we have quoted must ba considered entirely norntnal." Messrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co. report 11 Our market continues dull in the extreme, and the prices are lower of all articles, whether yams or goods. The extent of transc. tions continues quite inconsiderable."
THE CORNW TBADB. CORN-EXOHITGE, M"XK-LANE WEDNPSDAV- nVn 1: 2hO supplies this week of Englsh corn, grain and flour is unusuI1y short. Bcotch oats are In short supply, ad no irish. Foreigu arrivals are more limited tblis week than for somo months peat. There are a few pa-mels of French flour, but no Anerican barrels reported at pre. sent. Tbe wheat trade to-day Is slow, with a very thin attendanoa oX buyera, and prlcea are nominally as on blonday last. Barley Is not very actlve, but the value unchanged. Oats exhibit more lirmneas partly In conseoquence of the supplies falling off, bat cannot bo quoted dearer. Malt trade rather dull, beat fetching 6OS. per qr. Beans and peas about the same ason Monday. Yndian oorn inquired for, and 6d. per qr. dearer. Flour Is worth quite as much money as laat day. ARRIvA-l Mlour, nglish, 45U saczks; orelvn, 870 saaks. Mat, 130 qra. FULL, DEC. 15. The weather contInues mild and open, aud thi3 appears to be the case on the eontinenit. The arrivals of foreign wheat have been small of beans and barley fair; and ot other grain mo,derate. Tho export buslcss on the continnt captears, however. almost suspended, owing to the dilarrau,aa mentof tinanreal a tofaloe, whioh appears nowe to boe otondeng to ane North of Euro ea ith bgabated forcne Fceotpolaus and perfectly solvent honue, toth in Hambirnfal d other portso have been compteod to Indui mb to the preosne oft e timesI and, althoegh it ls to be hoped tho crhiis win toon bo over, iti It wilU be som time before conf tidenoe oan he reetored. The wheat trade has been much depreaeg d during the week, but, as supollee are beginnlng to fall pef, holders evince more ronldenede end ceese to Dres salea. tle hlgh rate of oney ce ofpeulationn 5tlo l there haa boon aome inquiry from buers looing out for barlrais to hold on. The continued influx of gold, the Im3proved accounte from Indis, and the proepect ot a reduction In the rate of discount tend to give a mere cheering tone to commerce generaly, and, as the Prie of g roin is now comparatively low, a reaction maY be looked for after the close of the year. At to-day's market there was a good supply of Englsh wheat, which cold freelY at en advance of 1E. per quarter. Foreignw recovered the decline noted dining Ithe week, but transactions wvere confined to needy buyers. bpring ceom met with more inqeery without any olteration in price. The folowing are the ourrent quotations :-Engish wheat, old white, 50e. to 54s. per quarter- old red, 48a. to 52s.; new white, 50a to s4s.; new red, 46a. to SOs.; 'Dantels, Konigsberg, &o., 53s. to S6o, Dnlih and Belgian, dI0E to 23.; :Baltic and Hamburg, 4ib. to 61s.; Danish and Holstein, 47g. to 6si.; Peterbuerg and Rlir, 43s. to 46.s. Fmgllah maltiug barley, 34s. to 33s.; grlnding, 28s. to 82s.; Saal and Oderbruok, 3ls. to 37e.; Holsteio and Danish, 32s. to 3Si.' foreign grinding. 28s. to 30s. , Engllshoats, old, 24s. to 28s.; new, 22i. to243. *foreign, ltkd. to lid, per stone; Englio beans, old, 42s. to44Ls per quarter, new, 46s. to 42s. foreign. 33s, to 40as En2lh5h Doe, 4ie to le.:* foreign At tois or;Ingdian com its. theto waaa feeding lgineed, 2n t to Sta ix crushing. 43s. to 52ea linceed cakes ilLull. £9 12s. to £9 lIe, per £7ion rein £78o Lat offic8lel avereages akt Hull :-Wheat, 49s. 7jd. per qularter; barley, i36a oats, 22e, id.; beans, 41s, ECASTLE, DlEO. 1S. At this mnornilng'e murket there was a better feeling in the trad e in wheat. and the .narket was pretty woU cleared at tho fuhll ratas of Saturd3y. In bar!ey not much doing at former pricer. In other kids no material aitcrat.on. At the cattle-market to-day there woo a good show of Christmas beef, and the trade was active at late currencies. A poor sale for cheep, with declining prices. Pigs rather dearer. Beef, 63, to 8d. per stone; pork, 6s. to 7s. ; mutton, 56d. to 6Od. per lb. ROOHDALE, DEc. 14. Here to-day flour met a steady sale at a decline of 2S. per quarter. In other article no alteration. BOLTON, DEc. 14. At to-day's market forruer prices were maintainedfor most aiticles, but without much activity in the trade. SHEFFIELD, DEc. 1C At to-day's market there was a moderate supply of wheat, and a fair tradedono at last week's rates. Barley was in improved demand and rather dearer. In other articles no change. Current quotaions:Now white wheat, 20s. to 2s. per load of three imperial busheL,; red, 17s. to2ls.; beans, 17s. to 193. 6d.; peas, 17. to 21a.; grinding barlev, 32s. to 37s. per quarter; malting harley, 40. to 44s.; old oats, 30s. to 33s.; new. 2e.s to 29s.; Indiau cern, 408. to 43i.; flour thy retaell, is.10j., 2., eDd is. 2d. per stone. At the cattle.market to-day there was an averageshow of beasts. but the trade was languid at last wr~ek'e Prices, StiUch cows made from £18 to £12wa; barn beasts. ;£12 to £16 ; small store pigs, lie, to 1ia-; large ditto. 30s. to 55s.: porkers, 6s. to 63. 6d. per etone. There was a good sunply of hay, but a short ane of straw, aud a great deal of the former was left unsold. Hay, £4 tof5; wheat etraw, 36i. to 40s.; oat straw. 40s. to 46e.; turnips, 12s. 6d. to Ie.: swedes, lISE to 20s. per ton. At totherham fat cattle-market yesterday thee was a good s3uply of beasts, and, it being what Is called the Christmas market, they were all disposed of at good prices. A limited show of sheep. Beef, 7s, to Os. per stone; mutton. 6d. to 7d. per lb. At Doncaster fat caftle market to-day there was hardly so good a show of beef as might have been expected at the Christmas market. hut there were two or three Pens of superior cows and heifer% vhich made from £20 to £126 per head. Beef, 7. toSs. per stone. At 6sipton Ohrietmas market yesterday some firet-rate beaets were shown. The supply of sbeep was small. Beef made from Cs. 6d. to 75. 66 per atone; mutton, Old. per lb. DUB3LI. Dxc. 15. Our cAru-market to-day was extremely dull for all descrDptiocs of grain. We repeat our quotations of Friday, which, however, were scarcely supPorted for oats or Indian oern.
BRISTOL SUGAR-1ARKBT, Dec. 1G.-In West India sugar about 250 hhds. only have been sold, at a decline of fully ls. per cwt. on low descriptions, but fine kinds and crystallised maintain their former value. Rums axe fiat with little demand. A DELICAT1: Exu.-What a very curious conformation of ear must be possessed by Mr. Goulburn, the worthy Commissioner of Bankruptcy. Somebody before himithe othermorning used the word restaurant, upon whrich the COmmiSsiOner observed, " I don't like that word, t sounds like one weo heard in the last case-namely, 'hypo. theste.'"' We have been repeating both words ever since in the hope oi discovering the likeness, but have not yet succeeded, It was surely lIr. Goulburn who pronounced tobacco to bo a legitimate rhyme to Long-acro.-Punch.
RAILWAY AND MINING SHABBS. - Wednesday Evening. The railway-market has been firm, and although the highest prices of the day were not fully maintained to the close, in many cases an advance has taken place. Great Western improved * per cent., North-Eastern stocks and Sheffield M, SouthEastern 1j, and Eastern Counties '. Midland were speculatively bought to some extent, and touched 88i, but relapsed to 87Z to i, or about t per cent. above the highest price yesterday. London and North-Western, South-Western, and Lancashire and Yorkshire slightly receded. In colonial descriptions Great Western of Canada advanced, and there was a better demand for Indian, East Indian closing at a rise of about 1 per cent. French shares improved, and ]Lombardo-Venetian, l)utch Rhenish, Great Luxembourg, Pernamnbuco, and Samlbre and Meuse were quoted fractionally higher. American securities were dull and without alteration Mines also show no change. Joint-stock banks were steady; Ottoman left off 5s., and Union of London 11., above the last prices yesterday. The transactions in miscellaneous securities were unimportant, and generally at former rates. ORDINARY SHARE AND R1mm-
MI,SSION!S IN INDIA. The adjourned meeting to promote thi extension of the missions in India of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts was held at Willis's Rooms, Sb. James's, yesterday. The Right Rev. the Bishop of London presided, and on the platform were Lord John Manners, M.P., Mr. Justico Coleridge. the Bishop of Jamaica, Prgfessor Slater (of Bishop's (ollege, Calcutta), the Ven. Asch7 deacon Abraham, of Auckland (New Zealand), the Rev. Mr. Rowsell, Mr. J. G. Hubbard, &c. The room waslwel filled on the occasion. The proceedlngs having been commenced by prayer, The SEceETRsY (the Rev. Mr. Hawkins) read to the meeting a report, which stated that the summary of the several special funds raised for India stood on the 13th inst. as follows :-India Missions' Bxtension, 3,2531. 9s.; Reestablishment of the Delhi Mission, 8941. 6s.; Memorill Churches at Cawnpore and Delhi, 4811. 4s. Lord J. MANNERS, on rising to move the first resolution, said he should have shrunk from appearing in that position that day if he had not felt firmly persuaded that from whatever point of view the recent awful outbreak In India might be regarded-however opinion might differ as to the past conduct of England ia that country, or as to her present responsibility and her future duties as a State there, In that assemblage, at least, there would be nothing but a most perfect and cordial agreement that the Church of England was called, by the ' late calamitous events in Indsa, to adopt more energetic measures for the diffusion of the Gospel in that benighted land." At theoutset he would say he trusted that nothing that was about to fall from him would give pain or offence to any one witbin or without these walls. Still he felt it necessary, in case by accident words having such an effect should escape his lips, to tender his apology beforehand, because be thought it abso. lutely necessary, on any topic connected with India, to speak out that which was within him, or not to speak at alL. (Hear, hear.) He owned that when he first reed the resolution which he had the honour to propose, the impression it conveyed to his mind was this,-that whereas the State of England had for long years omitted to discharge some of its highest and holiest duties towards Christianity and towards the natives of India, it had now become the bounden duty of the Church of England to endeavour to fulfil some of the obligations which had hitherto been thus neglected, Re knew not whether such an idea as that had occurred to the framers of the resolution, but sure he was that it might well have done so. Let them look back upon the hindrances thrown year after year by the State in the way of the Church making her voice heard throughout India, and they would see how, when Christianity, so to speak, was tolerated there, every restriction and every fetter that could impede her free action was resorted to, as if Christianity Itself were some dangerous, revolutionary spirit which, if once let loose, might shiver into fragments the fragile framew ork of Anglo-Saxon society and AngloSaxon government. Lot thenm contrast the comparative ease and facility with which, during the last quarter of a century, the Church of England in all our colonies and dependencies had had room to expand herseif according to the growing roquirements of their various communities with the embarrassments and obstructions she had had to encounter throughout the vast empire of India. Why even a Malcolm objected to the propagation of the Gospel in those regions; and as late as 1833 the rulers of that land-even after Christianity had been what they might call tolerated-opposed the subdivision of the then enormous diocess of Calcutta on the ground that if they permitted such a measure they would not be doing their duty to the native population. He recollected how, 10 years ago, the generous and high-hearted bishop of Calcutta was received by that Society, and with what acclamation they hailed a proposal then made, he believed by no less a personage than the present Lord Privy Seal-viz., that the right rev. prelate should go back to India not as a simple bishop, but as an archbishop and metropolitan of that vast country. He recollected, too, the glowing words in which, after alluding to our recent conquests In Upper India, that great and good man expressed his earnest trust that the day would soon come when the episcopate would be increased and the field of missionary labour enlarged, adding, at the same time, his firm conviction that the difficulties which stood in the way of the evangelization of the natives would speedily disappear. " As to the Agra bishopric," said the right rev. prelate, " now a part of this unvneldy diocess, and stretching over the conquered Punjab, the necessity of a see being erected is as clear as the sun at noonday." They remembered the bright hopes which they then all entertained as to the future spread of Christianity in India, and how they all cherished the comforting thoughtthat if ithad not preceded, at any rate, it would closely follow the march of our victorious arms. And now, after an interval of 10 years, he asked what had been done to realize those hopes ? Where was the expected bishopric of Agra-where the increased staff of missionaries throughout India? That question might be answered in the following words from a paper recently put forth by the venerable society whose cause ho was now feebly pleading-" In the whole tract of country on the southern foot of the Hilmalaya range, between the Punjab on the west and Assam on the easb, there is no missionary." (Hear, hear.) In the memorials of the late Sir C. Napier they would see with how much difficulty that great man obtained from the rulers of India even chaplains to minister at their dying hour to the gallant men whose sklll and valour had added fertile provinces to our already overgrown empire. Why did he say this? It was not because he entertained any feeling of hostility, political or personal, to any pastorpresentGcvernmentorGovermoreither at home or in India, but because he felt it to be incumbent upon those who were endeavouring to excite throughout the country an opinion in favour of extended misslons in connexion with the Church of England in India to point out and prove that It was quite hopeless to expect that that great work could be accomplished by the State, and that if India was to be Christianized and civilized it must be through the agency of individual charity, individual faith, individual self-denial, and individual energy, brought to bear upon the seething wars of idolatry and cruelty around them by corporate co-operation and corporate superintendence. (Cheers.) Corporate co-operation that society was not only willing but anxious to afford; and with regard to corporate superintendence, what did the Church of England mean when she used that phrase? She meant episcopal guidance, episcopal controL episcopal rule; and episcopal rule he understood to be vital, powerfal, sentient, energetic episcopal influence,-not that show and outward simuacrum and sham which too long had repre. sented the episcopal government of the church of England throughout our vast dominions. (Cheers.) So strongly did ho feel upon this point-so convinced was he as a layman of the hopelessness of endeavouring to make any impression upon the 180,000,000 of idolaters in India without reverting to this first principle of the church-that he for one would not have been present upon that occasion had he not felt persuaded that in adopting the resolution intrusted to his charge the meeting would include in those " more energetic measures" for the diffusion of the gospe, to which the resoIution referred, an extensfon of the Indian episcopate. (Cheers.) He rejoiced to have heard from the report that such was the in'ention of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. He had-as he thought they all had -the greatest possible confidence in those who managed the affairs of the society, and he doubted not, therefore, that they had done most wisely in framing the resolutions as they were framed; but he trusted that he was not goino too far when he said that he hoped this meeting, in plcdg ing itself in the terms of the first resolution, did clearly and unmistak-eably contemplate an increase of bishoprics in India. (Cheers.) They had heard from the report that the society had memorialized both the home and Indian governments to found and endow additional bishoprics in India. He would not presume to foreshadow or foretell what the result of that application might be. If successful as he trusted it might be, the society would go on its way rejoicing, and spread abroad to the Indian breeze the banner of the Cross with renewed hope and vigour; but if unsuccessfal-if the Home Government said in answer to this application it would not, and the Indian Government said It could not find the funds for the endowment of these bishoprics, then he would respectfullyaskthat meeting what, under those circismstances, ought they to do ? Should they sit down contented to witness the continuance, and perhaps the perpetuation, of three bishops to manage the spiritual concernc of 180,000,000 of people- or should they, after this fresh and convincing proof of thse inability or the unwillingness of our governors to undertake this solemn and important duty, endeavourtodoitforthemselves? (Cheers.) Thegreatest man who ever wrote or spoke upon India-he meant Edmund Burke-onea cried out, in what might be caUed a phrenzy of patriotism, " New things in a new world !" It was not a hazarded assertion, but an historical truth, that when once things were gone out of their ordinary course it was by acts out of their ordinary course that they could alone be re-establshed. (Hear, hear.) Would that meeting, would the members of the Church of EDgland at large - catching something from the inspiration of Burke in the contingency to which he had alluded-come forward, and, following the example of the American church, find the means for sending out missionary bishops with a missionary clergy ? (HIear, hear.) HIe trusted that such might be the result; and, before quitting this topic, he might be allowed so say that in the aggressive wvarfare which hereafter would have to be waged in India against the strongholds of heathenism, idolaWtry, wickedness, and erime, sneymussnos verlok o desise he aalog of hartl they must not overlook or despise the analogy of earthly warfare. Let them never forget the canon of military strategy which had carried the greatest of earthly conquerors from victory to victory-conceatration of power upon a given Important spot. The Spaniards were ever hoping and scheming to surround Napoleon or his marshals, but concentrated power, delivering effective blows from a common eentre, as constantly frustrated their vatu and futile efforts, and carried the eagles of France from the Pyrenees to the Douro. So was he convinced that if they wished to carry the banner of the cross in triumph from the Himalayas to Cape Comorin they must commence not with isolated efforts, here a missionary and there a catechist, but by locating well-disciplined staffs of missionaries acting under a wise and vigorous head in each of the chtefest cities of Hindostan. (Cheers.) Thus alone as it appeared to him, could they reasonably hope to discharge successfully what was their undoubted and admitted duty and privilege as members of the church of England and so confer inestimable benefits upon the State of which they were subjects. (Eear, hear.) Those benefits, he presumed to think, were of two sorts-the one obvious and direct, the other indirect but not the less real. It was now admitted by al that if during the last 100 years Christianity had exercised any influeneeoverthevastpopula. tionof India, or had madeanysensibleprogressamong theMahomedansand Hindoos, eitherthe rising of the Sepoys against our arms would have been hopeless and feeble, or at least it would have been deprived of its worst and most devilish featur os. Who coulid estimate the influence that wonld have been exercised by 10,000, or even 5,000, native Christian soldiers on our Bengal army? (Cheers.) Who could say what the result might have been had there been 10,000, or even 5,000. native Christians in Delhi or Cawupore9 iCheers.) The benefit which theStatewouldderivefrom the successful spread of Christianity in India was so clear and patent that it was not necesary for him to dwell upoa it any lonlger ; hut would be he forgiven for sAYing that 12 h's view-he Only spoke for himself-looking backc at the patcoudutct of England as a State in India, remembering how we had il, n,red the existence of Christianity, and recollocting als. how in our dealingzs with the native Statesaud natiepo asw hqd broktn a -me of the plainest and cle3aest obiIgations ofwour religion, we could not but anticipate the gre-atest pessible inidireolt benefits from the spread of Christianity it) I ndia ? It was a trite saying, that our rule in India depeneed upon our prestige ; but prestige was of two kinds-the prestige of our arms and the prestige of our justice. The former, wherever or whenever impair ed, had beenx glorioufsly and permanently restored; buit of the latter what could we say Z Could any one in that influentbil assembly put hia hand on his heart ar,d, re%ding the records of our past transactionLs with the native Statss and n3ative princes of India, say that they were wronig who, like himself, saw in the uprising of the whole populati.n of Oude ag,ainst otur inxvading force the answer to that imprecatioRa which, year after year, irs the most solemn t'erviue of our Church on Ash-Wednesday, we denouinctd ti j'wFtly due to those who removed their neighbour's landmarks? (Hear, hear.) He knew he wasw trending uipon delicate anid debateable ground; buxt, entertaining this cm,viction mclt deeply and earnestly, he shouldt be playing the part of a hypocrite, standing ont tha platform , to sidvocate the extension of Christiaxi misSIOns in India, were he to conceal his profound belief that the continuance of such conduct on the part of the Stale must greatly mnar, if it would not altogether atnnihilate, the success of such a blessed work,. On the other baud, he hoped and prayed that the extension of Christion missions would terminate for ever the role of such injustice in India. (F-ear, hear.) The second part of the resolution, which was the coroIl-lry of the second, pointed to the Sr,ciety for the Propagation of the Gospel as the Means throu,,gh which these enlarged and more strenuouexertions for the evaneelization of India should be maide. Founded by 'William III., neither imposing nor submitting to any party test, t-olerant ais that church of which she claime to be the faithful handmaid, supported by all the archbishops andl bishops of the maother and sister churches, even if that society had no past efforts or f.srmner triumnphs in India to refer to, still they would do well to intrust the nase. ni cause of the Gospel in that distant landI to her wise and faithful bands. But when they remembered that against all the obstacles and discouragemeuts to which he had adverted for a long serfes of years that insti'. tntion had maintained and increased her missionary force InL India until it now numbered 50 clergymeni and 30,00D native converts, they had practical grounds upon which they might cordially respond to the appeal she now made to theme. But, more than that, she now called to them from the charnel-houses of Delhi and Cawnpore to avenge, as their Lord and Redeemer would have them. avenge, the murder of her slaughtered misisionaries ; not by fire and sword, hut by preachinig on the very site and among the witnesses of their rmartyrdom, the truths of a purer faith, the Gospel of peace, of mercy, and of goodwill towards men. (Cheers.) It was for us, in these days of rebuke, of blasphemy, and of tribulation, to prove the truthi of the ancient Christian saying, " the blood of her mnartyrs is the seed of the Church." Cut off, indeed, as many of theim were, at the commencemnent of their holy lahours, with Iittle or no fruit, it might, [be to show for them, nevertheless, whets the hooks were opened and all secrets were made known, those martyrs wouxld be found to head a long line of native converts. (Cheers.) Encouraged by this assur-ance, let them with increased faithfulness, patience, and hops support the great objects which the Society for the Propaga.. tion of the Gospel hadl brought before them, being fully Eersuaded that though their eyes might not see or their cars; gear that blessed consummation, yet, in (God's good pro-. vidence, the time wouLld come whenx- "The holy words, diffesing balm, "The messge of the sacrifice, "Are beard within the glens of ice, "And preachedl beneath the cocoa4alIm."1 (Cheers.) The noble lord concluded by moving the first resolution, viz. : That the Churchi of England is called, by the late calamnitous events in India, to adept meore energetic measures for the dlffas!on of the Gospel in that benighted laud; and that tls meoeting will give it, heryspport to the Society fo the Propagati.on of the Goseps ini its efots o strenethen and extenOd Its mIssions among the Hlndoos ana Hahomedama." hr. Justice COLsERrDca, in seconding the resolution, observed that when he was called to attend there that day he was forcibly reminded of a hook which perhaps few of those present had had the good fortune to see. He meant the collection of the letters of that holy man Francis Xavier, the great mnissionary to the East, the perusal oe which had suggested to his mind many reflections associated with the present Indian crisis. Merely as a historical docu - ment, throwing light on the life of that remarkable man, the letters 'written by Xavier from India were singularly Interesting. Aud it might be as well to mention to those who had readl Dryden's, or any other biographer's memoirs of this great man, which they would have found marvellously full of miracles and wonders-much more so, indeed, than the Bible itself-that they would discover inthese letters, not only no claim to supernatural power, no assertion of his having ever performed a miracle, but the strongest disclaimer of the possession of any such power. But they had what was much more valuable, an accouLnt of the labours and plans of a wise and discreet, a holy and zealous man, who held his life in his hand, and who cared not to live or to die so long as he could advance the cause of Christinnt according to what he believed to be the truth.. (Hear, ea. ) In that collection there were several lettere from Xavier to the King of Portugal. They all knew that when John I IL ascended, at the age of 20, the thxrone of porual be became one of the maiihtlest monarchs of the eath It might be a question between hint and Spain, but to the east and the west his dominions extended. He had great armies and powerful navies; he had unbouindedl wealth and power, andl among his far-extendlng posse-ssions perhaps the richest were those in India. *Where was that emapire now? (Hear, hear.) * Xavier, writing to him upozn matters affecting Christianity, dealt with him with all the freedom which a greater than he once used t-o a Roman Governor, and doubtless when he spok-e of the judgment tos come the king trembled, as Felix had done before. After pointing outt the shortcomings of the king's officers in India, Xavier said : "1When the dayroomes, as oDme it wil to you, as weli as to the meanest of your subjects, and oine. It may ba. when youx least sepeot It, on which yout shall be asked, Why was not thLis dome? why was that wicked Governor- allowed to oppress the church ? why was not help sent for the extension of our missiona to this or that plaws? and twhy, when the truth was reported to you, did yen allow things; o remain as they were?' It may be yen will answer, II wrote jetters, I ordered these things to be doue, I rebuked thcb-. who neglected to do them: hut incontinently it will ha anawere i upont yen 'When Your tremasry did net receive Its receipts, when your troops usiwendueted them!eeltes, whea yo:sr fleets did not do as Four thought they ought to have done, yen Wfalea not to punishb, you acted. you showed you were in earnest, but have you done that wlth regardl to Chrlstlaults?'" (He-ar, hear.) It would he most indecent in him, andi most unjust to, if he -were to draw the parallel which the words of xavie mlight have suggested to somne persons in the meeting; nay, he was not even prepared to represet the governors at home or In India as rtanding in the situation oE the King of Portugal. He would rather put the nationt itself-the whole people-in that position (cheers), for, ict truth, with the blessings of a free constitution, we must undertake all the responsibilities, and all the blamne that was to be reflected upon the governors, 'wherever they might ho established, pressed with tenfold force upon the peoplei of England. (Cheers.) The time miight come-for surely njations had their conscience and there was such a thing as national reeponsibility-when it might be said to us, " I gave you India from her mountans of snow in the north. to her most southward cape; I gave you her boundless plains, her vast rivers, her gold, her jewels, her rich cu)mmerce; I gave you all these things-for what? Was it to find places for your younger sons or husbands for your dowerless daughters; to bulld palaces at home, plant your parks, or adorn your mansions? No, for with these things I gave you millionis upon millons of immorta souls ; I gave you souls benighted in ignorance, imbruted in vice, brought up. in the doctrines of evfil; I gave you India to' hunirg these into the fold of Christ."; (Cheers.) Could we suppes thait India had been g-iven t us for such trifles as he ad been alluding to, or that it eame tousby chaaoe Could we suppose that accession after accession, annexa. tion after annexation, was to he attributed to the ambitionx of one man, the enterprize of another, or the misconduct of a third? No these were hut occasions, and Indlia was given to us for a great and good purpose. (Hear, hear.) Had we answered that purpose? Only one reply could be returned to that question-viz,, that we had failed entirely in performing and carrying out the only purpose for which the great emipire of India was given to us. (EHear, hear.) It might have been possible some time ago to say, "I have nothing to do with India, which is rich enough to maintain Its own church ; the people there have no claims tupon me ; I must busy myself with other parties ;" hut that sort of reasoning could notl-a used now. We must up and be dloing. From this time forth we muns conosider India as among the first objects to-. wards which we had a duty to discharge. We had neg. lected our Eastern empire so long that there was an arrear of interest which we maust pay off before we could bring ourselves into anything lie a solvent position. If we gave a little before we must give more now; if we gave nothing before we maust now give so much the mere for the purpose- of - adacn th cause of1 Christ-,- . An ho oudw beiter disposo or our contributions, or with a greater cer tainty of thoir being applied tb a good purpose, than by depositing them at the feet of the ancient and venerable Society for the Propagation of the Gospel ? He trusted, therefore, that the sesolution which he had the honour to, second would be carried unanimously, andthatnoeffort would. be spared by those present to aid the society in extending its operations in India. (Cheers.) The resolution was carried with acclamation. Professor SLATEB, of Bishop's CoUege, Caicutta, pro. posed the next resolution, viz, "Tha th prposa ofthecosity o etabish missions in the prealdenistandethr pincpalcites,wit a iewto bring the truths of Mr. J. G. HUBBEVR= seconded the resolution, which was also agreed to. The Rev. T. J. ROWVSELL, of Stepney, mioved a, rescolution to the effect that public meetings should be held and subscription lists oper-,d in every town and village in the kingdom, and also that a vote of thanks be given to right rev. chairman. The resolution having been seconded by the Ven. Archdeacon ABRAMU1, was carried by acclatnation. The Bishop of Lo'nDON, in acknowledging the compli. ment, said that many more members of the episcopal bench would have been present that day, but this week, as they were ael aware, was one in which he and his right reverend brethren had great and pressing duties to perform in examining candidates for ordination; and he trusted that among the young men who would next Sunday be consecrated for the ministry muany would be found who, would devote themselves with faithfulnes and zea to the great work which had brought that meeting together. (Hear, hear.) The proceedings then terminated.
FOREIGN INTELLIGERLYCE. FIRANCE. 5qFIfi0o O1Rm OVPN CORRESPONiDZNT) [A portion of the following appeared in our second edi. PIon ot Yesterday:-] I unerstan ral, T'IESDAY, DEC. 15, 6 r.as understand it has been intimated (extraofflcialIy) to the Procureur Imperial at Colmar THaut-Rhin) not to appeal from the decision of that Court in the case of M. Aigeon. That functionary had till the 22d to demand the rever.al of the senfelce, which is considered by the Government not only too lenient, but is felt iu a certain sense as a defeat. It might, however, lead to such delicate matters that it was thought better to drop it. The expo&S that has already taken place of the mode of getting up elections is a fine satire oII universal suffrage, and a remarkable comment4ry on the circular of the Minister of the Interior about the freedom of voting, and the non-interference of the authorities. The friends of the defeunlant allege that if a second trial carne on a still less edifying lesson would be presented, and that evidence would be given of the orivin of the affair, In which the names of some not very obscure personages figure. If suich be the case, the prudence of abstaining from pushing matters to an extreme wilU not be contested. The same arrondissement of the Haut-Rhin will sooii again be the theatre of an electioneering battle. M. Migeon, nothing dismayed, it would appear, by the hostility of officials, is determined to take the field once more where he has already been victorious. Eis opponent wil not be the sauie Government p1otEgg as before. The authorities, no doubt, consider that he has been somewhat danmaged by his defeat; he is therefore thrown aside, though he may be furbished up for future use. Another person, hardly, if at all, known to the electors, is to be started. The supporters of M. Mligeon appear confident of his success by a still greater majority than the last time. The " administration," as the local authorities are called, will, of course, do their very best against him. To-day being the 17th anniversary of the arrival of the remains of Napoleon I. in Paris, a mass in commemoration of that event was celebrated at 12 o'clock In the Church of the Iuvalides. General Ornalio, the Governor, attended with his ntaff. The church was crowded to excess with old servants of the first Empire, wearing the St. Eel, isa medal. There was a dollble line of old soldiers in the nave of the church, wearing the uniform of the first Empire. One of them carried a flag. After the service of the mass was concluded and the De Prof uldis chanted, those wearing the medals of St. Ielena were admitted to nake a pious visit to the tomb of the Emperor and to contemplate the coffln placed in the chapel of St. Jerome in -which the remains of Napoleon I. are enclosed. There was a brisker demand for gold at the Bank of France this morning than is usual at the beginning of the week. Some of the pay clerks appeared to have lost their tempers, whether froni that or lrom some other cause. There is a manifest inprovement, however, in their mode of doing business. Formerly they would not give small notes in exchange for a note of 500f. or 1,O0Of. Still the cash office of the Bank of France is iuferior to the cash office of the Bank of Englanld, or even to that of the Bank of Ireland. ![he Three per Cents. closed to-day at 6Gf. 65c. for the end of the month, and the Four-aud-a-Half per Cents. at 91f. 95c. ; Orleans Railway shares, 1,292f. 50c.; Great Northern, 920f.; Strasburg, 65i3f. 75c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 830f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 622f. 50c.; Great Cantral of France, 632f. 5c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 625f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 715f.; Austrian halalways, 67Sof.; Russian Railways, 4!),9f. 50c. Cours Audtenhique.-IAs, Dec. 1;.-uash ?rlees.- lFour.and-.-Half per Cents. (not rei-bursable for 10 years), 91f. 75c. 95e.; Three per Cents., 66f, 40c. 60c. 45o. 40c.; Bank of Franee, 3,140f. ; ditto (550f. paid), 3,140f. * Cr6dit Foncler. OblpgatIons of 500f., Four per Cents., 430f. 42Sf.; ditto, Three per Cents., 405f., ditto, Tenths, Three per Cent, 80f.; Promissory ObligRtIons of 1,000f. (200!. paid), Three per Cents., 950f. ; Credit MobWler, 717f. oOc. 720f.; Discount Bank, 675!. 6S0f.;* Pied m onatese Five per Cents, 90f.; ditto, three per Cents., 53f. 52f. SOc. 53f.; lItomans, 86 8SQ; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 23 25' ; ditto, Passives, 51 ditto, Three per Cents., Interior 37j1. Exchange on 1oaondo, at sight, paper. 2!. 32.&c.; money, 2Sf. SOc.; three maooths, paper, 24f. 7 oc.; money, 24f. 72io. PRUSSIA. (FROM§ OUR OWN CORURSPONDNnxT.) BERLIN, DEc. 14. The inconveniences and dangers that would inevitably accrue to the Prussian State from the introduction of the abnornmal hybrid arrangement of a lo-regnancy, or partnership-monarchy, which I described in my last letter, seem to have been fully appreciated in such circles here as can afford to think solely of the country's good; and the Idea Is meeting with the most determined oppo. sition on the part of all In those circles who feel competent to forni an opinion or called upon to express one. Tho occasion that bas given rise to this notable conception is the very distinctly expressed and emphatically repeated determination on the part of the King to resume his monarchical functions, certainly at the end of the three months, if not earlier. This strong fatuity on the part of His Majesty to resume the place in the State which umdoubtedly is his own by right, if he had but the strength to fill it, is the natural, and, as one may say, the physical, result of returning convalescence, which leads the invalid to over-estimate his powers, and long for opportunities to manifest the strength he fancies himself to possess, This illusion on his part is strengthened by the consciousness of adequate mental powvers for a variety of subjects-for instance, those which have always been the favourite objects of his study, such as architecture, archreology, history, matters of taste and the fine arts, in all of which His Majesty ahows very little, if any, diminution of his niental powers; that he should mistakenly suppose that the name powers would suffice to bear up against the incessant wear and tear of the faculties that the head of the Prussian polity is exposed to is due also in part to the self-seeking and deceptive flatteries of those who surround him. The Queen, who has ever since the commencement of the King's illness shown herself in the most admirable colours as a woman and a wife, is, however, too clear-sighted as to the certain result of the King's subjecting himself yet awhile to the burden of business to lend any assistance to this mnan<uvre and intrigue, by which certain persons trust to insure themselves a prolonged term of office and position at tho risk of the Kins's life or nanity. ;Under the influence of her recent severe trials the Queen has been led to throw off the various feelings of aversion, suspieion, and jealousy she formerly entertained towards certain members of the Royal Family, and has shown herself throughout the King's illness sincerely disposed to sink all other feelings and considerations in the unflagging, strenuous endeavour, to avert every incident that might interfere with the total recovery, bodily and mental, of her consort. She recognizes how fatal any resumption of the sceptre, how injurious even any participation in the cares of business, would be to the King, and she has manifested the greatest readiness to do aU in her power to bring about a sole regency in the hands of the Prince of Prussia. Just now the choice between two villas, one on the Lake of Como and another in the close vicinity of Naples, has been offered to His Majesty; and the Queen has for her own part expressed her entire willingness to accompany the King away from his own dominions in search of health and repose from the solicitudes of State; and this absence of the King from the seat of power forms one of the most prominent features in any plan for his re-Covery. In the present state of the Kinc's health, and seeming what progress has already bee~n made in his re-attainment of his mental nowers, it would be very unlikely that the medical men would, If called *on next January, pronounce the King to be dauerad verhindert-incapacitated for a lengthy period froma undertaking the business of the State, nor would the P>rince of Prussia be willing, except on the most incontrovertible evidence of that incapacity, to take the invidious step of asuming the regency and then eonvoking the Diet for the purpose of procuring their confirmation of the propriety of the step The solution of the difficulty towards which things appear to be tending at present is that, as soon as a -favourable conjuncture supervenes in the Kinc"s turn of mind, endeavours will be made to convinice him of the truth of what the physicians have all along said-viz., that a withdrawal from all public business for a considerable period is absolutely essential to his recovery, and then induce him to invest the Prince of Prussia with the full powers of a sole regency for a period probably not less than a year. 13uch an arrangement, more particularly if at the same time the King should take the benefit of foreignr air and scenery, the Prince would probably not be I unwilling to cnmply with, as affording a reasonable| opening for the King's eventual recovery without totally preclhding the Prince from all hopes of b'eing usefal to the State in the meantime. This arrangenent wrould be the most advantageous to the King's health, relieve the Prince of the Odium of a.ss1Irninl: the Regency, and, at the same time, consult the interests oi the State as far as that can be the case with any provisional arrangement at all. The total number of failures or bankruptcies that have taken place in all Prussia since the commencemnent of the late crisis amounts to only 1S3, the majority of which are of a very petty and circumscribed nature. Of the above number 56 took place in Berlin chiefly, as I have mentioned before, among manufacturers, the dealers that supplied them with materials, and petty tradesmen; only two of the number affect members of the Exchange. As it is known that these two houses were brought into difficulties by the stoppage of foreign firms, it may be said that they are the only failures that have taken place here directly in consequence of the crisis elsewhere. The negotiations that had been uypened here for the purpose of obtaining a loan of 10,000,000 of marks banco in silver for Hsmburg (about 5,000,000 di Prussian thalers) are known to have been fruitless, but the reasons of their want of success have not as yet come to my knowledge. In Dresden they equally failed, although there were as ample means there as here for supDlying the silver ; the condition which the Saxons made, and on whichthe negotiations split,was, that the debts due to Saxon subjects by Hamburgers should meet with a preference in the general liquidation. The loan, however, which the Prussian and Saxon Banks have hesitated to make the National Bank of Austria has been willing and apparently anxious to extend to the distressed Hamburgers, for not only has Vienna a very great stake in the solidity of Hamburg, but also the National Bank possesses a large amount of silver lying dormant in its coffers untilthe lst of January, 18e9, shall call it into activity and circulation again. SARDINIA. (FROM o1 J OWN coRaBsrPoNDlNr) TURIN, DEc. 13. There is a complete lull here at this moment, everybody awaiting with impatient interest the (pening of the Chambers, now so near at hand. 'Ihere is an eager demand for tickets of admission to witness the ceremony, and if the weather continues as it has been for some days past, bright and crisp, with a cloudless sky, and the ground slightly frostbound, it is probable that all Turin will be out of doors to see the popular Sovereign of Piedrmont proceed in state to open the national Parliament. It is thought not improbable that there will be some anti-clerical demonstrations on the part of the people, perhaps a few hisses, directed at some of the mostunpopular deputies of the Right, but of anything like disturbance not the slightest apprehension is entertained. The Chambers opened and the Royal speech delivered, the division into bureaux or sections wiU at once take place, and it is probable that by Wednesday or Thursday next the proceedings of the Chamber of Deputies will become interesting and important. The liberty of the press that Piedmont enjoys has not yet had the effect of bringing forth any remarkable amount of journalistic talent. A host of small papers is published in Turin, Genoa, and other towns, but no one of them has attained a commanding position, nor can any, except perhaps the A rmo,sia, be considered the organ of a large party. It is to be regretted that the periodical writers of this country do not better direct and combine their eflorts, and start at least one journal, which, by ability, consistency, and competent editing, should have importance abroad as well as at home, and fairly and fully reflect the state and political feelings of Piedmont. Perhaps one of the greatest faults of Sardinian journalists is that they are too ambitious. They often prefer to busy themselves with subjects of European interest, instead of dwelling chiefly upon the affairs of Italy. They will present their readers with whole columns of speculations concerning the Danubian Principalities, or about the affairs of some other country equally remote from them, but it is rare indeed that they contain a letter of interest, and that can be relied upon, from Lombardy, Naples, or the Papal States. It is true that the state of the post-office in those countries renders it difficult to obtain such correspondence, persons fearing in general to compromise themselves by writing the truth. At the head of the periodicals of Pidmont must, I think, be placed the 1?ivista CJontemporanea, a monthly review on the plan of the Revwe des Deux f Moides, containing articles of a varied nature, literary, political, critical, and relating to the arts and sciences, and winding up with a political summary, which is always remarkable for its clearness, moderation, and impartiality. In this summary, in the number just published, the affairs of India occupy the first place. After briefly referring to the most important recent events of which we have information from our Indian empire, the writer proceeds as foilows "The momenta of the ephemeral and fugitive triumph of the rebels are passed, and the English already begin to gather the fruits of their indomitable perseverance and wonderful valour. Such a result wvas not only desiree' but also foreseen by all who love civilization, and who have a competent knowledge of the true state of things in India. It could not be otherwise, and those who have been building on the rain of the British power mast to-day resign themselves to see deferred the realization of their gloomy and interested prognostications. Our readers are well acquainted with our opinions on the subject; from the very first day on which news of the Indian rebeUion reached Europe we have not ceased to express our horror of the execrable cruelties committed by the Indians, and to predict the triumph of the British arms as certain, sooner or later, to take place. The news that has come from India during the past month has, therefore, while cansing us great and sincere satisfaction, not occasioned us any surprise, except in so far as it has come sooner than we expected. We looked upon the victory of the English as certain, but did not suppose it would be so speedy. The English solaiers have really on this occasion surpassed themselves; strong in a perseverance which defies description and is beyond all praise, they have most valiantly and undauntingly held out against the Sepoys, against sickness, climate, long marches, unheard-of sufferings, dangers such as were never encountered-against calamities of every kind-and they have eonquered even before the arrival of reinforcements from England. Of such a war, of such enterprise, history has hitherto furnished no example, and the heroes whose glorious blood crimsons the laurels aathered by the English on the banks of the Ganges have added, by their exploits, to the history of their country and of civilization a page that shall never be obliterated. To form a just idea of the true state of things it is necessary to read the narratives of Generals Wilson anid Havelock, remarkable, from the first line to the last, for their antique simplicity: one may say of them with truth what the great historian said of the Roman hero,-'E Lodem ar niro scrspsit qUO bellavi' Their trliuphs bring glory and advantage, not to England only, but to all Europe and to all Christendom. The bratal and vile atrocities committed by the rebels have sufficiently shown what destiny was reserved for that region of Asia if the Indians had become their own masters; the conquerors of Delhi, therefore, and the liberators of Lumcknow have not only vindicated the outraged rights of humanlty-have not only consolidated the British rule-but have aided the true interests of the Indians, and have saved them from horrible evils, from long and sanguinary anarchy. And, be it said to the honour of the century in which we live, throughout all Christian countries there has been but one cry of abomination against the horrible crimes and dreadful carnage with which the rebels have rendered in. famous a cause of itself intrinsically bad,-but one voice of pity for the magnanimous victimas, of admiration for the heroes who fought for their country and their Queen. Of these feelings the Princes and Governments and most distin. guished men in Europe have been the interpreters; and we rejoice to be able to say that, on this occasion also, His NajestyXlngVictorEmmanuel sndhisMinisters, Count Cavour, General della Mearmora, and Urbano Rattazzi, have nobly paid the debt of goodwll due to England frorm the people of Italy, inscriblng their names on the list of contributors for the relef of the victims of the Indian revolt." I think that people in England will read with pleasure this handsome expression of goodwill towards them; the more so as I believe that the passages above quoted express the feelings, not only of the RiVida's conductors, but also of the Piedmontese nation, There can be no doubt that there exists here a very cordial feeling towards England, based in great measure on sympathy -with her instituions, and on the well-founded belief that Englishmen admire and respect this little country for its spirited struggle against Austria, for the pertinacitywrith which itstroveforand won freedom, and for the prudence and moderation it has shomn in its enjoyment. As far as my own opportunities have gone I have not observed a single case of that ill-concealed gratification at the disasters in India which was but too frequently to be noted among certain classus in certain other countries. Doubtless we have our ilhwishers here, especially among the clerical party, for everywhere the Ultramontanes are steadily and bitterly hostile to Protestant England, but I believe them to be comparatively few, and that the great bulk of the nation wishes us well, although it perhaps liked us, or at least our Government, better some time ago than now. They think here that we have become too intimate with Austria, and they blame us for the line we have taken with respect to the Danubian Provinces. You are, perhaps, already aware that, to be really loved by Sardinians, you must profess intense dislike of Austria. The maxim seems to be, you cannot be my friend and also the friend of my enemy. The feeling is comprehensible enough here, where Austrophobia prevails, but to act upon it to the foll extent would often be excessively inconvenient. And so we must beg the Piedmontese to believe that we are extremely good friends of theirs, altholugh we may not think it necessary, out of sympathy with oppressed nationalities, to subsidize a revolution in Lombardy, or to withdraw Sir Hamilton Seymour from Vienna, or even to abstain from acting in friendly accordance with Austria when our policy or the interests of Europe may seem to require it. The following private telegram has been received TURIN, DEc. 14. "The opening of the legislative session has just taken place. The King was received with enthusiasm by the Parliament and by the people, who had assembled in crowds lo witness his passage. The Royal Speech contained the following points :-His Majesty hopes that the now Chamber of Deputies will, like the preceding one, afford a loyal and energetic co-operation to the Government for the application and development of liberal principles, which axe the immoveable bases of the nationalpolicy. The inter. ruption of diplomatic relations with Austria continues, but without disturbing the civil sand commercial intercourse of the two countries. A balance between the expenses aid the receipts will be possible by employing a very markea economy; It will, however, be necessary to contract a loan for bringing to a successful termination the great under. 1aking of the port of Spe=ia and for cutting through Mont Cenis. The King terminated by promising the communlcation of a new treaty, and by stating that several biUs of internal aadministration would be presented." NAPLES. (ERno- OVR OWIT colvaEsrolSDENP.) NAPLBES, Dec. 9. I think I can state on good authority that by order of the French Government a report of the state of things in the TwoSicilies is now being drawn up. Three copies of it are to be in Paris by the 14th or 15th inst., and, from all I can hear, the report will be a very large and faithful picture of what is going on in this kingdom. This intelligence may to some minds suggest a fear of Muratism; let me add, therefore, that Mturatism possesses no greater attraction for a discontented people than any other I ism," even Islamism, that would give hopes of a just and sensible Government. The old friends of Gioachino are now almost gone. Old sympathies for him are dying away, and if Muratism has at any time been adopted as a watchword, it is because no other equally potent name has been put forward. Liberty and justice from anyone, and from any source, are what the Neapolltans want. Whether the French report will give the following case is doubtfull, but it is my duty to give it, as one of the many incidents which create national disgust and discontent with the mode of administering justice in this country. In the month of Januarylast a man called Domenico Luizzi was arrested on a charge of attempting to poison his Royal Highness the Count of Aquila. He was the confidential servant of his Royal Highness, was necessarily acquainted with many facts of a private nature, and, say my informants, whose report I now follow, might have awakened the fear and the vengeance of his master. The Prince, therefore, was attacked with pains in his head and stomach on several days after dinner, attached suspicions to Luizzi, ordered his drawers and cupboards to be searched, and the man himself to be arrested. Certain bottles and cigars and a boxwith white powder were found and submitted to the examination of three medical men. Two of them, Frezza and Paura by name, who are intimate with the Prince, declared the presence of vegetable poison; a third, Scarpati, *was of a contrary opinion. Later, three cther " periti," or triers, were called in-namoly, Professors Marone, Sorrentino, and De Napoli, aU of whom declared that they found no indications of poison. There is a si dice that De Napoli, who was the Director of the Chymical Cabinet of His Majesty, has been deprived of his office. NotwithBtanding this testimony, after a tedious interval of a year's imprisonment, on Saturday, December the oth, Luizzi was brought to trial before a Special Court, as one of the parties was a member of the Royal family. The advocate, Marini Serra, well known for his talent and eloquence, was to have defended him, but at the last refused to do so, in consequence, it is affirmed, of a letter or insinuation from a high quarter amounting to a prohibltion. The witnesses, perhaps for the same reason, or from a fear very natural and common in Naples, fell off too, and Luizzi appeared defenceless in court, and was indebted to the improvised assistance of an advocate called Box or Bax, appointed by the President of the Conrt. The sentence pronounced, as might have been foreseen, was death; and as well,, said a person of high standing, might a pistol have been put to his ear. The man is adjudged to pay the sum of 400 ducats and the expenses of the trial, and ruin stares the family intheface. Thesentencewill be no doubt commuted, and some say it has been to 30 years in irons-a punishment as secure as death for insuring silence. This case is only a portion of a dark mysterious history, with the private incidents of which the public has nothing to do. That, however, which is public is fit matter for comment, as it seems to illustrate and enforce a tale which has been in the course of narration for many a year. Such is the report whlch has been given to me in a high quarter. If I find it in any respects erroneous, I shall correct it, and so, without any further comment, I leave it to tell its own tale. The atto di accusa presented by the ProcuratorGeneral against the prisoners of the Cagliari will be brought before the consideration of the Grand Criminal Court this day. The 145th article of the Lazes of Procedure in Penal Cases says,-" If the fact resulting from the '6nst16ZiOne is not qualified by the law as a crime, if the penal action is extinct, or if tho innocence of the accused be proved clearly by the acts, the Grand Court will pronounce his liberty and prohibit any ulterior proceedings against him." The deliberations of the Grand Court may extend over an indefinite time, but until it has examined and admitted the atto di accusa the trial will not take place. The Five per Cents., 114i; exchange on London, 560.
AN AsssI7 DTLEmmA.-At the late Lincoln Assizes only 11 out of Sti gentlemen summoned on the grand jury answered to their names, and the High Sheriff had to return the names of three other qualitied persons before the business of the assizes could be proceeded with. Mr. Justice Cronmpton, who presided on the occasion, fined the whole of the absentees 201, each, making an aggregate sum more than equal to the cost of the assizes. But soon after the business o the assizes had commenced another didloulty arose from the deficiency of grand jurors. There were but 13, the minimum number, sworn, and after the charge had been delivered the foreman, Sir C. H. J. Anderson, of Lea, near Galsborough, stated that he was the prosecutor in a case of poaching on his own estate in which four men were concerned, and applied to be excused from serving on the grand Jury, another gentleman being willing to serve to make up the requisite number. The learned judge said he could not see how he could substitute one grand juryman for another after the charge had been delivered ; he had never known such a thing done before, and could hardly think it would be safe. Mr. Charles Chaplin, who was on the grand Jury, remarked that if Sir Charles were on the jury It would probably be said that he took an active part in a case In which he was concerned. The learned judge said it was certainly desirable to avoid any impression among the lower classes which would refleot on the administration of justice, but he could not see how he could remedy the matter. If he could take away the foreman and put another person in his place he might as well add any other gentlernan in the town whose name had not been called over, and who had not beard tbe charge, and as a majority of 12 was requlred to return a bill, the foreman could not absent hims elf when his case caune before the grand jury. It was a very serious matter indeed. He should not advise them to take ihe bill against the poachers, considering that their foremau was the prosecntor. The result would probably be that the four prisoners in that case would be discharaed, but they night be apprehended again another time. Ultimately this advice was aeted npon ; the four muen were dismissed from custody, and directly afterwards apprehended and forwarded to Ga?r3borough for reconmtuijet, to the ncxt ms5izes, wba?t wIj bs held ir. Nlarvhb
IRELAND. (PFOM OtR OWlN COBBRESPONDmT.) DUJBLIN, TuESDAY MoriNnf, EMM&ORDINARY TRIAL FOR SLANDER. A most singular action of this nature came before the Court of Exchequer yesterday, and is likely to ecupy some days. The plaintiff is Ur. George Strevens, nephew of the unfortunate Mrs. Sarah Kelly, whose barbarous murder yet remains a mystery, so far as any knowledge of the perpetrators is in question. The defendant is Mr. Christopher Campion, a Dublin attorney, who for many years acted as the legal adviser of the murdered waoman, and who was residing in her house upon the day she met her untimely end. The action having arisen out of circumstances connected with this tragedy naturaUy excited more than an ordi- nary share of interest, and the court was i densely crowded during the whole day. The damages were laid at 5,0001. The pleadings averred that MLs. Sarah Kelly had been murdered by two persons on the 8th of April, 1856, and that after that occurrence the defendant spoke and published of the plaintiff words to this effect :-" This is the man who got it done." " Well, Mr. Strevens, howi was that job done; where did they come from, or where did they go to? When you say they did nst pursue you any more, you were not the man they wanted to shoot." Theinuendoes were to the effect that the plaintiff had conspired with two men to shoot Mrs. Kelly and likewise the defendant. The defence consisted in a denial of the use of the words ascribed to the defendant in the defamatory sense alleged, and a justification, stating the circumstances from which the defendant believed in the guilt of the plaintiff, and that he spoke the words believing that the plaintiff had conspired to murder Mrs. :elly. The defence comprised two branches usual in such cases-namely, that the defendant had reasonable and probable cause for believing that the plaintiff had murdered Mrs. Kelly, and that the communication in which he represented that he had murdered her was a privileged communication. The issues which the jury had to try were, whether the defendant had spoken the words in a defamatory sense; secondly, whether tha matters stated in the special defence were true in substance and fact. Mr. WHITESIDE thus stated the case for the plain. tiff.-On the 8th of April, 1856, Mrs. Kelly was foully murdered-the sun shone brightly on the murderers and their victim. The plaintiff was the nephew of that lady. He was charged with having conspired to accomplish her muLrder, and that was the main issue the jury had to try. The more horrible the crime, the more borrible the accnsation. The defendant was Mr. Christopher Williams Campion, an attorney, who for many years was sub-sheriff of this city. He was a man of business, a clever man, experieneed in the affairs of life, understood the value of character, had a respect for his own, and no respect for the character of the plaintiff. The plaintiff was an English. man; he was born in Kent; his mother was the eldest sister of Mrs. Kelly, married in her youth respectably, and had a large family, among whom were two sons, who would be the chief witnesses in this case-Mr. Thomas Strerens, the elder brother, and Mr. George Strevens, the plaintiff. Mrs. Kelly had one great virtue in her character, as she grew rich she sought out her relatives, and in the year 1838, before the death of her husband, she and he visited the father and mother of the plaintiff at Broadstairs, in Kent. She saw Mr. Thomas Strevens, and taking a fancy to the young lad, and believing that a visit to Ireland would be bene6lclai to his health, which was not good, she invited him to visit ber and her husband in this country, where he had up to the present remained. The residence which Mr. Kelly chiefly occupied was a place called Rookwood, in the county of lloscomrmon. and thither he brought young Thomas Strevens. Mr. Kelly was as shrewd a man as ever lived, and being of opinion that a person brought up in idleness woald be of no use In life, he employed this young man, when only 18 years of age, to manage the farm at Rookwood. Ee grew daily in the favour of Mr. and Mrs. Kelly, who was so well pleased with what she had done as to Thomas that she repeated the same act of kindness in reference to George, and invited him over to Ireland in the lifetime of her husband. He was brought likewise to Rookwood, and was equally liked by Mr. Kelly. He was also employed in making himself useful in overseeing farm labourers on the estate of that wealthy gontleman. From 1838 to 1845 those two youngmen resided at Rookwood, not only, as they wouid swear, on terms of harmony and affection with Mr. and Mrs. Kelly, but were intrasted by Mr. Kelly almost with the management of his property. Between the death of Mr. Kelly, in February, 1845, and the following November, Campion, the defendant, appeared to have been introduced to Mrs. Kelly. That he should have been employed as her attorney was nataral enough; for her right to inherit her property was disputed in very many suits, which required to be conducted with great k-nowledge and professional skilL But Mr. Campion's account of the relation in which he stood to Mrs. Eelly was, that he was her confidential agent as contradlstinguished from her professional agent, The respectable gentleman who now appeared for Mr. Campion actedas ;rs. Kelly'd attorney in the various important suits in which she was engaged. Campion, her confidential agent, became domesticated in Mrs. Kelly's house. Very speedily he forsook all his clients, or they forsook him, ga.e up his former parsuits, and settling himself down in Mrs. Kelly's house, devoted himself to her interests. In this capacity of confidential agent he had drawn up Mrs. Kelly's will in 1848. He had raised a very solemn issue in this case with the plaintiff, -viz., that there was such a cloud of suspicion over Mr. George Strevens, that he had such a motive to conspiro to kill his aunt, that Campion was induced to believe that he was guilty and to charge him with the murder. Now, although he (lxr. Whiteside) beheved Mr. Camplon to be as innocent as Mr. Strevens-and that was saying a great deal -he believed there was more suspicion against him than against his (Utr. Whiteside's) client. He believed that it was an agrarian murder, caused by the acts done by Mr. Campion in reference to the tenantry on the Ballinderry estate, and then he turned round and charged that murder on an innocent man, who at last had got a day of reckoning with his remorseless persecutor. The first will of Mrs.Kelly, to which he had just referred, was as fair a disposition of her property as could have been devised by a wise head and a feeling heart. The estate of Kiltoun, with 6001., was left to Mr. Thomas Strevens for life, and entailed on his ohildren. Benjamin's portion was reserved for the plaintiff. In addition to the estates of Ballinderry, Mrs. Kelly bequeathed to George Strevens aU her household fmrniture, plate, linen, china, horses and carriage, agricultural stock, and all her personal property, save money, on the premises at Ballinderry at the time of her death, and 2,0001. in the funds. Nothing that could be urged by the most olly-tongued counsel at the bar could do away with the effect of that document. She loved him as her child and she provided for him liberally by her will, and immediately after the execution of that rill she sent him to Ballinderry to watch over and manage the property he was to inherit at her death. Shortly after this time Mr. Camplon began to consider the character of George Strevens, and, according to his own account, he took an unfavourable view of it. By degrees complaints were made to Mrs. Kelly of the want of accuracy in poor George Strevens's accounts. Camplon represented to her that she should have an accurate account of Master George's disbursements, and le appered to be most anxious and fearful lest 2s. 6d. extra of Mrs. Kelly's money should have been laid out without being submitted to the scrutinizing glance of this inexorable well-wisher of the family. (Laughter.) He represented that George was a very irregular young man, mismanaging ths property and dissipating the money. Mrs. Kelly heard all this-for the calm, steady current of Mr. Camplon's affection towards the plaintiff continued ceaselessly to flow in a stream, not shallow and noisy, bat deep and silent. All his representations, however, never had the effect of making Mrs. Xelly use or write one unjust or harsh expression of her favourito nephew. It occurred to Mr. Campion that he would be the better able to effect his purpose if one or two persons from the country should represent to Mrs. Kelly that it would not be a wise thing for a prudent woman to leave her property to a person who would squander it with profusion. It was a most jidicious topic to urge; for Mrs. Kelly was not only a thrifty, bat a penurious woman, and nothing could be more calculated to influence her than the belief that the object of her bounty was careless, wasteful, and extravagant in rmoney matters. Accordingly, Mir. Campion was not ashamed to say to an agent in the country,-" When you come to town there is no use in praising George Strevens; don't back him, but blacken him, and I will back you if yoU do." Owing, no doubt, gentlemen, to the representations of Campion, Mrs. Kelly resolved, in the year 1854 to make another will. It was drawn by Campion, and by it the estate of BaUinderry was bequeathed to that gentleman, and the child of her affections was disinherited. The will also contained a clause releasing Mr. Campion from any debts which he might owe to Mrs. Kelly at the time of her death. By the first will George Strevens was bequeathed property to the value of 24,4501., but by the second he got only Z,U0Ub in money and te o small portions of land worth 1601. a year. What was the interest of Mr. Campion -he did not speak of his feelings or affections-from the day the second will was executed ? It was that MTrs. Kelly should die, because dead people could not revoke old wills or make now ones. (Laughter.) On the other hand,whab Was the int erest of Young Strevens ? It was that she should live, that she sbould livelongandlive happily,thatsheshouldlive torecover her affection for the man whom she had lovedfrom his childhood, and restore to him the heritage that had been spollated from him by artifice and craft. From the time of the making of the second will Mr. Campion broke off all terms with the plaintiff, and had not exchanged a word with him for four years previous to r elly's death. Shortly before MSrs. elly's death Mr. Campion came to a very important, and he (Mr. Whiteside) thought a fatal, conclusion in reference to the management of the Ballinderry pro. perty. The tenants on tho estate held from year to year and It occurred to the fertile mind of Campion that the demesne would be improved by being somewhat extended and that it would be desirable for this purpose to get rid of l the tenantry. He tberefore advised Mrs. Kelly to raise the rents beyond what any gentleman in the country askednamely, 46s. per acre for not very fertile land. The tenantry declared boldly that they could not and would not pay the rent demanded, and Campion then prepared notices to quit and served them in May, 1855. Mr. Strevens, In the presence of Campion, urged his aunt not to persevere in these notices, giVing her sound reasons for that advicesreasons which might be offered not only by a man oi humeanity, but by a man alive to the real interests of Mrs. Kelly. In the spring of 18a6 she announced her intention of Visiting Ba11inderry. Campion alleged that she had expressed to him her dissatisfaction of Strovens's accounts, ad that her object In going down to Ballinderry was to investigate his conduct and get rid of hirn altogether. In makng these allegations as ti Mrs. l;.ll's g- !it -isntis- faction with George 8trevens, her nepbew, Mr. Campion, did not know wbat was in store for hin ; a few letters written by Mrs. Kelly to Ur. George 5tr6vens in 1855 and 1856, which completely disproves the allegations, and shob, on the contrary, that ehe entertained towards the young man the kindest and most affecttonate feelings. Counsel read the letbrs in question, which commenced, M AIy dear George," and were signed "Your affectionate aunt, Sarah Kelly." They were upon varions matters of business, and were couched in the most friendly terms, and expressed how happy sbe was to understand that things were going on so wehl at Ballinderry, where G. Strevens lived. After Ars. Kelly and Campion arrived at Ballinderry the latter took up tbe accounts of George Strevens, which accounts had refereoce to small 51. and 81. transactions, for the sales of stock and other business of importance were traus%ctedby Mr. Thomas Strevens. This gentleman camne over to B%llinderry after Mrs. Kelly arrived, and while C4mplon was going over the accounts be happened to look at them, and said casualy tbat his brother was charged with two items-one for the sale of some wool. and the other the sale of stock, both of which sales he had made and accounted for himself to Mrs. Kelly. He told her so, and she being reminded of the matter said, " Oh, to be sure," and accordingly they were struck out The important subject of the notices to quit was discussed on that occasion. Mr. Thomas Strevens asked what was going to be done about them, and she answered that they would be proceeded with. Mr. Thomas Strevens most earnestly advised Mrs. Kelly not to do so, and told her he had been informed tbat the demand of 46s. an acre was perfectly extravagant, and that the tenants would not pay it and were in a state of great dissatisfaction, and that it would be most imprudent to persevere in the proceeding. What was to be done, he asked, with the widow Maguire l Whereupon Mr. Campion interposed and said, " Why, turn her out, to be sure." Mr. Strevens argued as well as he could venture to do with a very decided and determined woman, but to no purpose. He left the houso that day. Mrs. Kelly liv^d with the plaintiff for several days in the happiest manner, and said sbe wished he would be civil to Mr. Campion, and he replied that ho would do anything she wished. He used to sit up with her conversing on various subjects at night, after Mr. Camplon had retired to rest, which he used to do early, being a man who regarded his health. On the day on which the murder was committed the three parties dined together at half-past 1, and after dinner itwas proposed to take a walk. t was asserted by Mr. Campion that this lady was not in the habit of walking over the farm with Mr. Strevens, but it would be proved that sbe frequently did so, and on the Ssnday before accompanied him over the grounds for four hours together. On this 8th of April she walked with Mr. Strevens from field to field until she came to that in which she was mardered, and In which a number of girls and women, for economy's sake, were employed. While they were herethe plaintiff saw two women at some distance approaching This was half-past 4 in the day, and suddeuly, on looking round at the stile, he saw these women striving to get across the stile, but the moment they entered the field tho trousers and the boots of men could be seen under the cloaks which they wore. They had black veils across their faces, tied undertheirchins,andthe hoods of the cloaks drawn over their heads. They swept suddenly past the plaintiff, who at once cried " Oh, aunt jewel !" Mirs. Kelly immediately perceived their object, and rushed towards the girls,but in doing so she fell across a heap of stones, The men drew out their blunderbusses. One of them fired at her, and whether she fell from this bullet or otherwise he could -cot say, but while she was lying on the ground the second went up and fired at her, driving somao of her brains into the earth on which she lay. Mr. George Strovens, who was unarmed, ran towards the men, one of whom presented a gun at bin, and pursued him. His conduct on this occasion was mado the basis of a charge against him by the defendant. We ran about, as any man might, except a great and intrepid soul that would risk his own life with a certainty of losing it. No doubt, if Mr. Campion had been the-e he would have gaUantly risked his own lifo to defend Mrs. Kelly. Mr.Strevens ran towards one of the men who were working in the field, shouting "Murder !" and implored of him to run after the villains and to watch them, but the man did nothing. He cried out the same to another man, and then ran towards five men, who were working lower down in another field, with pitch. forks and spades. Ho exclaimed to them tbat his aunt was murdered, and the men made a show of getting up, and said they would follow. The plaintiff then ran towards the road, and there he met some men to whom he gave the alarm, and, having arrived at the yard of the house at Ballinderry, he shouted out that his aunt was murdered, and told the men to saddle the horses, and ride off for the polce, for his brother, Mr. Thomas Strevens, and for a neighbouring magistrate. In the meantime the murderers escaped unmolested across the country in a direction that was visible for a mile and a-half from the field. The police soon after arrived, and took the plaintiff and Mr. Canmpion into custody, aithough tho real murderers were under their nose, and they had ever since been looking for the real villains. After his arrival in the yard the plaintiff ran into the room where Mr. Campion was sitting, and told him what had occurred, whereupon he proceeded to the scene of the murder. He was followed in about five minutes after by the plaintiff, and in the interval It was impossible he could have learnt anything which would lead hlm to suppose the plaintiff was in any respect a party to the crime, or would give him any justification for the foul charge he made against him. When the plaintiff approached him he made use of the language for which he was now bronght into that court to answer. It was a mixture of jeering insolence, daring calumny, foul and audacious defamation. He said, " well, Mr. Strevens, how was this job done ? where did they come from ? where did they go to ? wlhen they saw you they did not pursue you any more ; you were not the man they wanted to shoot." The plaintlff averred that by these words the defendant Imputed to him that he was concerned in the murder. A tragic scene took place upon the oecasion. Mr. Campion, when he saw the dead body, turned in a pubHl manner to notify to the world his intention to have revenge; and the whole scene reminded himn (r. Whiteside) of a passage in one of the Charming poems 4% Sir Walter Scott, whch he could not help repeating. It was when James Fitziames resolves to revenge the death of Blanche of Devon:- "'By all of wornas's wreth I swear 'No otber favour will I wear, Til this apt toxen I imbrue .In the best blood o BRderlck Dhu" Mr. Campion knelt down, and in a similar way he publicly avowed his determination to avengethedeath of Mrs. Kelly. When he arose he saw in the distance a woman named Biddy Kennedy; he called to her and asked herif she had a seissors; she replied that she had ; whereupon he desired her to cut off Mrs. Kelly's pockets. The woman did so and handed them to Mr. Campion, who put them into his own pocket. This was a scene for Elogarth, and not for an humble nisi prius barrister to describe. As an instance of the feeling evinced by the paintiff on the occasion, he might mention that some dogs Degan to lick the blood of the murdered -woman, and a man who came with a cart for the body, and who appeared to be under the influence of drink, seemed inclined to push the cart upon the body, but the plaintiff interposed and took care to have the blood eovered with some clay, and to have the body decently removed. The learned counsel referred to the investsgatson before the magistrates, the imprisonment of the plaintiff, and the application to discharge him, which was granted by the Queen's Bench, who were of opinion that there was no grounud whEatever for detaining, him a single hour even to stand his triaL. The tenants, he said, who were served with notices to quit inthe time of hre.Kely were stiUl on the landland paying moderate rent to Mr Campion. The widow Maguire still enjoyed her little cabin, and the sturdy Kinahan, in whose house a vigilant constable found a corduroy breeches marked in the knees with wet clay, and a blackyveil, was still a tenant to this benevolent man. In the course of his observations counsel suggested to the jury that this was an agrarian murder, and that the circumstances at the time were calculated to suggest this to the mind of any reasonable man instead of suspecting the plaintiff, Referring to Mr. Camplon's repeated allegations of the inaccuracy of the plaintid7s accounts as to his management of the BalUiderry property, Mr. Whiteside stated that when notice of the present action was given the defendant furnished Mr. Strevens with an ac^ount charging against him a sum of 900l . Mr. Strovens thereupon employed Mr. Brown, a gentleman conueeted ;with the Bank of Ireland, who, having carefully investigated the accounts, proved that there was a sum of 2701. in plaintiff's favour. This was submitted to the defendant's attorney, and he was called on to fix a day when Mir. Brown and Camplon's accountant would meet and go over the accounts together. After a great deal of delay on the part of the defendant the accountants fi nally had a meeting, at which the plaintiff was victorious, the accuracy of the account drawn up by Mr. Brown being clearly established, and from that timne up to the present they bad not heard another word on the subject. The learned counsel then referred at great length to the various pleas put in by the defendant, observing that, while they did not justify the libel, they alleged facts and circumstances for the purpose of showing that Mr. Camnp ion had reasonable and probable cause for suspecting the plaintiff to be the instigator of this horrible murder. He said it would be proved that Campion had caled the plaintiff an inhuman scoundrel, that he said it would bo well to et him out of the country, and that after Mr. Strevens had been discharged from custody by order of the Queen's Bench he persisted in his calumnies, and did not hesitate to assert that the plaintiff had planned the murder. The defendant Pleaded privilegein speaking the words complained of, but hehadno privilege in point of law to vent his malico by making this horrible and unfounded accusation against an innocent man. Mr. Whiteside concluded an elonuent speech by calling on the jury to give his client substautial damages for the injury which had been inflicted upon him by the defendant's malignant slanders. The evidence for the plaintiff was then proceeded with, Mr. George Strevons examined by Mr. MACDOnoGH, Q.C.-T am the plaintiff. The late Mrs. Sarah KeUy was my aunt. I came to the country at the invitation of my aunt in 1840. I was then 17 years of age. er husband, Mr. Edmund Kelly, was then alive. When I arrived I went to Mr. Kellv's houes calUed Rookwood, in the county of Galway. Mr. KeUy had estates in Galway, Ros- common, and Westmeath. My brother had been in Ireland two years before, and was at Rookwood when I went there. He was managing for Mr. Kelly, I was employed by Mr. and Mrs. Kelly. Mr. Edmand Kelly died in 1845 I never saw Mr. C. W. Campiou during the lifetime of 3Sr. Kelly. I first saw him about a year after the death of Mr. Kelly. I remained after Kelly's death with my aunt at Rookwood. I was employed to look af ter the mon and to superintend the works. I was allowed by my aunt 601. a-year and my support. I remained at Rookwood till 1850. I was then removed to BaUinderry, county West- meath. My salary was raised in 1851 to 1001. per year. I was then to provide myseli with necessaries. I remained In the service of my aunt there till the period of her death. My cousins, Miss Cox and Miss BaiUey, resided with my aunt, in Upper Baggot-street. Mr. Cam- piou was employed by my aunt,I retenem er heating of the wll of 1848, by which I was to get Ballinderry. I saw the wll in Mr. Cam pion's office, in Vublin, in 1848. My aunt used to come to B$aUlldey occasionally. The house there was small, and afforded but limited accommodation. MIr. Campion used also to come to Baltinderry in company with! n,v unt I was on speaking terms with Mr. Canspion from 1848 to 1 . After this we ceased to be on speaking terms aud remained so up to the period of my aunt's deah, on the Srh of April, 1856. Mr. Campion sle;t in my room at ilallinderry, when he came there, and wPe dined together as thu same table, bat we commuunicated with cash other s little as pos4lble. I managed money matters for my aunt. She used to send me weekly oheoks to meet the current expenses. (Several letters from the late 1xKelly to witness were prored by him.) I lived with my aunt on friendly and affectionate terms. I heard that ahe made another will in 1854 I saw the wlll and read it some time in September, 1854, in the drawing-room at my aunt's residence, in Upper Baggot-street. hir. Catnpion was notthere at the timee I then kLew that Ballinderry was devised to Mr. Cam pion ior life. To a Juryman.-No one showed me the will of 1854; it was lying open on tho table in the room. Examination resumed.-Ballinderry comprises 891 acres. My aunt came down to the country some time before her death. She was down also in 1853. I was present ata, conversation between her and Mr. Campion about notiCes to quit on the tenants. I saw Mr. Campion write eight J otices to quit at her desire. They were served on the te-nants. My aunt came on her last visit to Ballinderry on the 17th of March. Mr. Campion arrived on the Sunday following (Easter Sunday), and, as before, slept in my room. I was not present at a conversation whioh my brother Thomas had with Mr. Campion aboat the notices to quit. On the night before the murder of my aunt Mr. Campion slept in my room. I remained up with my aunt that night conversing with her. We were on kind and affectionate terms. I used to sit up with her after Mr. Campion went to bed, conversing with her. On the day of the murder my annt, Mr. Campion, and I dined together at half-past 1, our usual hour. There were a number of labourers and girls employed on the farm at this time. My aunt vwas in the habit of viting the farm to inspect the works. After dianer on the day of the murder I went out witn my aunt to the farm. This map (produced) shows the places where we stood, and where the murderers came from. (The witness indicated by a pencl line on the map the route Mr. Campion, Mrs. Kelly, and himself took on leaving the house after dinner on the d.y of the murder, and the Chief Baron pointed out and ecxplained the marking to the jury). Examination resumed.-After leaving the house we first went to where MichaelRonhan and Laffan, the masons, were at work. They were buUding a wall. Mrs. Kelly expressed her pleasure at the work, Mr. Campioa was not near enough to take part in the conversation. Rain came on and Mrs. Kelly and I took shelter under the waL wnen the rain ceased I asked Mrs. KeUy to return to the house. She said she was afraid she should catch cold. I took out my handkerchief and wiped the wet off her. She said it would clear up, and we went on to a field where the murdertook place. A man named Govedy was stubbing up roots, and several boys and girls were picking stones in the field. I should say about an hour elapsed from the time we left the house till ve got to the field where the murder took place. We came first to a ditch which was being levelied for the purpose of building a stone wall. The witness then detailed the circumstances attending the murder. Mmrs Kelly, after speaking to Grady, went with witness to another portion of the field. Mr.Campion 1Eft tho field, and Mrs. Kelly remarked how fast he walked. Wi;ness and Mrs. Kelly went to the top of the field. EIe was In the act of removing some stones at the desire of Urs. Kelly, when he saBw two men entering the field. They were dressed in black, with crape on their faces, and the hoods of the cloaks thrown over their heads. Witness saw guns or blunderbusses under their cloaks, and exclaimed, " Oh ! aunt, aunt." They rushed at Mras Kelly, and one of them fired at her. A second gun was also discharged at her. Witness ran away, and was followed by one of the parties. Witness ran to where Grady was, and told himthat hisaunt was shot, and desired himto alarm the country; he said he could not do so. Witness proceeded to Ballinderry and saw Mr. Campion writing in the parloar, and told him that Mrs. Kelly was shot. Ho left the room, and Mlr. Clarke, the housekeeper, came in. Witness did not make any reparation to open the sideboard in the room while either aIr. Campion or Mrs. Clarke was there, or at any other time. He went to the scene of the murder. Mr. Campion, Mr. Flood, Hleffernan, and others were there. Mr. CamPion asked witness what he had done, and he replied that he had sent for the police, a doctor. a magistrate, and his brother. MIr. Campion said, "Well, Mr. Strevens, how was this job done ?" Witness said that his aunt was niurdered by two men, and that he did not see them after they left the field. Mr. Campion said " it was well arranged-it was weUplanned;"also," she hadaprettyprotector." When witness stated that one of the men pursaed him, Mr. Campion said "When they saw you they did not pursue youany more ;" also, " You are not the man they wanted to shoot." WitneEs understood by Mr. Campion's manner, tone, and expressions that he meant to convey that he (witness) was implicated in the murder of his aunt. Severi people 'were present at the time Mr. Campion made use of the expressions; when the body was being: conveyed from the field Mr. Campion said to Mr. Flood, "I am very sorry, bat I must take on myself to bo master of Ballinderry." He also desired Mr. Casey. the steward, to take no directions from witness, saying that he (witness) had been master too long. That night both he and Mr. Campion were arrested. Witness was examined before the magistrates, and sent to gaol, where he remained 30 days. The assertions put forward in the defence were then negatived scriatism by witness, whose examination concluded by his statement that he did not conspire to murder Mrs. Kelly or dir. Campion, nor was he aware of any attempt to do so. At the conclusion of the plaintiff's direct examination, it being then past 5 o'clock, the Court was adjourned to half-past 10 o'clock this morning. This extraordinary case was resumed yesterday morning, in the Court of Exchequer, and lasted the whole day without any immediate prospect of the finale. The cross-examination of the plaintlff did not c ,se until 3 o'clock, after which but two other witnesses, out of 20, were examined for the prosecution. THE VIEPSlEJDEBT OF XsAYNoorH. The Freeman's Tournal supplies the saubjoined account of an escape from the tender mercies of Italian bandits of the Very Rev. the Vice-President of l!aynooth anad some Irish gentlemen travelling in his company " Some three weeks since we noticed in this journal the departure from Ireland of the Very Rev. Robert Ffrench Wlhitehead, D.D., vice-president of the Royal Catholic College, Maynooth, and of his relative, Mr. laurice C. J. Blake, eldest son of Mr. Valentine O'C. Blake, Tower-hill, county Mayo, en route for Rome. By letters which havo just bee.i received by some friends in town it appears that at MarseiUea they were joined by a bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Couno!ly, by two priests, the Rev. Mr. Carroll and Rev. Mr. O'Brien, B.d by a young gentleman named Mr. Lucas, an ecclesiastical student, who was on his way to Rome, with the intention of becoming a clergyman. AU as voyageurs took their places on board the steamboat, and arrived safe at Civita Vecchia, but as they journeyed onwards they experienced an adventure as unpleasant as unexected. When about midway between Civita Vecchia and'%ome tho carriage in which the party travelled was suddenly attacked by a gang of villains, who robbed the whole party of large sums of money, and took a valuable gold watch and chaix from Mr. Blake, who had a miraculous escape from being shot dead by one of them. The letters referred to furnish in substance tho following detaUs of this perilons occurrence:W hen the party arrived at Civita Veccbia it was too late for them, by the time their luggage had been searched and examilned, to engage their seats In ' the diligence' for Rome. They met there a gentleman and his lady, Mr. and Mrs. Harper, who were simUarly circumstanced. Unwilling to stop for that night at Civita Vecchia, and anxious to pur. sue their journey, they all agreed to take a special caago and proceed direct without any delay. It was, however, 12 o'clock before (having made the niecessary- arrangements) they were ready for starting. There is a smu, village, named ' Palo,' just half way between Civita Vee .b and Rome. Here the driver of the carriage stopped s i hour and a-half in order to feed his horses, and ' the party' mean. while dined at the inn, and just at 6 o'clock p.m. resumed their journey. When about four miles beyond the village a banditti, consisting of seven in number, and armed with bludgeons, pistols, and knives, jumrped on a sudden from behind the hedge which fenced the road, and in a moment stopped the carriage and seksedthe horses. Mr. Blake was sitting in front with the driver; the rest of the party were in the coupe. When the attack was made the driver immediately threw himself down on the ground and there remainod. It is the general belief of the party that he was himself implicated with the others in the affair, which would seem to have been concocted during their ste p at Palo. One of the! gang then struck Mr. ake a slight blow on the left arm. On this Mr. Blake drew a stiletto which he happened to have with him, and sprang upon the fellow, when another of them instantly discharged his pistol at eMr. Blake's head, but most fortunately it missed him, the ball having passed just close by the crown of his travelling cap. Mr. Blake then pursued his assailant, who ran from him about 20 yards down the road, but another of them aimed with his bludgeon a tremendous blow at Mr. Blake's head, which he parried off with his right arm. Mr. Blake then took up two stones in order to de. fend himself, and retreated back to thecarriagehotly pusued by the whole of the gang, who now surrounded him and dealt a blow on the right arm, a blow on the right shoulder, and a blow on the right temple, which felUed hlm to the earth quite insensible. The banditt then robbed himn of a vain. able gold watch and chain, and, having rifled the vhole party of all the gold and silver they could find urpon them. Cocamped. Tlhe party having raised up Mr. Blako, yet ia a state of perfect insensibility, and having placed him in the carriage, proceeded onwards in the direction of Rome. As many i-ese versions of this (happily not tragical) ozaurrence may appear int the public papers calculated to alarm the family of Mr. Blake, we feel most happy in being enabled to state, npon good authority, that Mr. Blake was in a short timne perfectly restored, and, with the party, arrved safely at Rome, where, in comnpany with his very reverend friend, Dr. Whiteheadi, he is nowr enjoying the beautties, the cnriosities, and the antiquities of the Eternal City." THIE FUNsDS. Three per Cent. Consols, shut, 901 - ditto, for account, labnuary8, 91 91.; New Three porbent. Stock, 903 J 3 ditto, for account, January 8, 91 ; Dutblin and Liverpooi Steamship Buildng (fiI. paid). 46 ; Consumers' Gas Company (71. paid). 72 W Y. Rilways.-Great Southern and Western Stock (IOOb paid), 9S ditto, for account, 9S - ditto, four per cent. preference (i81. pald), 16S; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paid), 47i 4 * Midland Grat Westrn and Royal Canal, half abiars 1251. paid), 2-3.
(Advertisement.]-Burke's Peerage aid ',B%onetge iF tl o enly one extant wbicb Combines in a single ro1r0o tbe fulU genI( gloal or past. &a well as the present, 2wonomt 01 aU the pD s and b,ronets of the realm, and of their collateral bramhcbes. Ths Barotetase, precisely in the Rayne manner aa the Peera i, with whinh it it iu this work Ineorporated, is orMplete in erery de', vil astotbe ineage and actual condition of each beronet and hip' t' ,nn5, The book further gives an equally ample rewirdi of Britilh rihb3 ecis beiafng foreign thles ; t spesrage3 reorntly extinct a nd Of pewmr e ea claimed, their ema-ats. Ind &c gronnds ot claIm. The heramlL sclepertment 1i also pecaliar since it inlnudes m t only the engraijir ,gs of the ams of both peersaan baronete,but, moreover, tbe writteP' osrun or desnrptions of the armn -olhez writh explanatory Sna'anstl 3rsof alltbe mottoes In dne, 3. inronftrston that tet Do,srbl heb requirod with regard to peers or },Sronets. betber a ttor pre t, ist tobe found in this siugle volume. H^T¢ison. 53, PwxD Yiamall fAdvertlsement4 -Tenri,' jsen'S "e lilmer's Dauighter".."l.biitsu s2lrIght oesgreir j.jI.ta *d by pCimtnislso ol the author, wnith 19 a: dl2ths mororel eBavIdXS l f ah r reedy In smlunl 41o. price 1Os coth it d 6s, li.udon: w.z1 '1Z cbnt .rrrulnrn reseat for (Thritna3 or the new s b l-don v lkr a h Otate ilog.er, 1 leet-rt,eet and Eater. int e irs UnIt-d oV
SALE of ?ROVISTOn &a., at Deptford. ADMIROALTY, Somnesrt-piace Lao. 10, 1857. TfHE cnmniiaOners for Executing the ofEce of Lord ELmlhzra.l of the United Kingdom Of Great Bitain and Xteland do hereby give notice. that on ZuAmdsy, the lId inst., as 1n o'clock in thte forenoon, the Captain-SuperIntendent will puti,up to SALE In Her Maleety's VlnAtnsllng.yard, at Deptford. several losof AR Y&dNWIF] STORSS, COnsIstng Of salt beet, comUpresse vsoablm aud coffee, allt lying mn the saId yard. wihn 0vs the lots must apply to the Bup ntsudeat CaWo.ee d oodWors otmle " behadheme and at the lard. v.oNT±tACTfor S&AMEN' CLOTHING. DI7PAJtTSIXNT of the OL)MPTROLLEZF for VICTUAI=,u Somersot-horse, 4th December, 1867. ~FHEComiisroner fo Exeutig the Ofrioe of Lord LWehAdmial o theUnitd Kigdomof Great Britain sad Irelnd, o heeby ivenotie, tat o Moday, the sist inastaft,a -m b redy o temSwith such persons sAma for SUPLYINGand Delivering into W." Marel,. lrtr.il,g Sore a Detiod,the undermesstioneg s.f ~~~~~~Yards.) Btlue Cloth, No. I . E000IOebf toc ob s Heeten, 42 Inch 7,001)sctob Do. 40 1,* ,.-eOdIntre oub Do. 10 1,,00 an the remainder in two Do. 27 , ,00.IoDIhm afterwards, oir Black Horn &0wn anenho rss aliOr If Pdrefrrd by the Buttons, 10 line .. .. I ,i ary Lng. Dc.. 24 line. 1lj Their lordship. reevuotesle h ower, when the tenders are opened. of oonlrsrm eihrfrtewoe prc uchp.t therweo oalyas they may deeit,cfra earqunt, oro not con-, tractling for any. No tender wil be reoeived unless made on the printed for Dn ronided for the Purpose, and whilch may he obtaine-d on application at the said ollice. at the victualling yards at Gocport and Plymnouth, or to Corn. mander Bevis, conDcucung the packet service at Liverpool, or to the Collector of Cuatoms at BristoL Tandems will be admitted for anyl Portion of the above quantities, Samples of the articles may be been at the sad offts ejetween the howe of 10 and 2 oaly, and almo at the vctualli1ng-yards at Gosport and Plymouth. The conditions of the revisedebontrat, to which cetaculay attention is called, may be bee:, at the said ofiloe, at the vIctualling yards at Geep,ort and Pllymoulls, and at LmVeroo and Bristol, No tender wil bat roeeved alter haf-past 1 oiclock en the day ci treaty, and It will not be required tha the gazty tendering or an agen on his behalf should attend at theofoonh d f coorvact, as the reelt Of the, offer received fro fech aontWMhsday mame t hin and his proposed surties In writing. Every tender must be addressed to the, Secretaryf ite Admiralty and bear in the left-hand corner the worda " Tender for an rmust also be delivered at Somerset house. Ulioug alev rea Dy,at Toclcko Wedn"sy th dt., leto-receive mutaled TpNDrk, a or x theSPL ftefl nubeed Fortheb o p heiodsa ainst each epied rmth i Jnay o.. wlour, from, rounde, gihwet ssed iremni 7 hiSugha iveN..0 S. Potaoes., Prtinted form of trader and any fnrther informatleu may be nbte.lned at the 8teward's Guisoe 10 days previous to ihe above-mentioene Wed. acaday, the lId December : but no tender will be received sfter 12 strlock on that day, nor "ted, from any past who has not teen the sample. of the different articleo kept by the Steward, nor unless the perwon tendering, or come peraens dlZauthcrized on his behalft be In attendance to give any explaniaton which may be required, and to sign the necessary docnment of agreemuent. The Commlislonert do not ongsidr themselTei bound upon all ocoasieve to asocept the lowest tender. CONTRACTS tor CILOTRING and 1BOUSEHUOLD STORES. GREENWICH HOSPITAL., Decemaber 4,18I7. NOTICE is bereb~r&en, that the CommIssioners of Greenjwich Hospit be rwad at 12 o'clock on Monday, the 2lst inst.. to receive sealed TENDER$ for the SUPPLY of the follow. Ing ARTICLES, under separate contracts (as numbered, toe the penleds aaninxt each expressed, from January 1, ISM8 No. 1. Linen tin 2. Haberdaer 3. Line Articls Imadol ) OnoYu . 4. Bedding 5. Blockinn and Soocks Household Stores Nqo. 1. MIOps 3. Hatir-broomsOn . 3. Birch-brooms 5~ 4. Snap and Candies Printed forms of tender and any further Informsaton may be obtained ait the Steward, office 10 days previousa to the above-mentioned Monday, the Ulst of December: h ut xio tender will be received after 12 o'clock on that day, nor accpe froma any party who has not seen the standard or pattern of the dferent articles kept by the Steward, nor unless the persn tendering, or some person dwsy authorized on his bebalf, be in attendance at 12 o'clock on thie following Wednesday, the 2id December last., to give any explanation 'which may be reuired, and to sign the nereseary docunment of agreement. The Cormmlolners do not consider themselves bound upon all mocsidons to receive the lowest tender. gCIITY of LONDON UNION-Tenders ~fornFou~r. N/-The GuardIans of this Union are ready to receive TENDERS for the SUPPLY ef FLOUR, for three moniths, from i 6the iusInsant, to be delivered at the Unionx Workhouse, Row-road, The tenders to be wt o, gAtedforms only, which may be obtained at the Union ofics t5, t.bany-axe, addressed to the Guardians, and endorsed "Tender for Floor.' on or before Monday the21thinkstat and the pastes tendering are requested to attend on ~fuesafy. the lIdnstant, at 3 o'clock. JOHN BCOWRING, Clerk, Union offices, 51, St. Mar-axe, R.C., Dec. 12,1857. ofLNNand WooOnDIpmHoD5AeIy a, duncy ther fearxorm 1100 more . ISmp es,to whchtecontratr wilrb areqirei otsrcl t one.Tetue nadhbere, and an~ etmae. "Wteun tities requi12ed,oma be noon on applIcdatint the Stead a h Anstlum, aorm zofe tend fer mhayb otainedwUb Don plead. ylttr me. a tehe Soesdesnthuem, Cuderkenwmeet at . oroftb teada Bthe dasylumf Jand netheCoattewlnontieayedrmden anyOther form: pande theydnobnthmevsoacpthelwt oran tendouer.-Thetedr G must be ofowre te Seraled Up,niotr lroaterthao1 'clock AtPLnoon IONS Wensdy thew 0th tof Decmber instant,ean none sePONT te ta tim owl bhe opleseofMAThERComitte MATRONcotsde them Stand wnill mWetkhothe AsyTlum,dosueedt, Ftzroy timae.Londopac prte Thnerin mspPitbedmuattendanie.,nbo optIer 9. 1557.foOr NS adu Rea ISdtok r the Vik adsiotois. requioredb heorder f h e Gn or LawEansftsooTheytrw Union aereQprEprd to rie ecurteive tPPICtIoN m fromepsueties dntesirusmt beof eD chanrdae ofotematr AP INTMEN tor theam offc i MASTE aar ndEN MATRONeattf Inthe htandw UnI on Workhouse, clsamdade-.seiegt, Firry sqare, London thiThen pesna appvointe must bems maaothandges ofully childenntepon snfmtheDoteranttheh.Teaoe books land aocDmpnts rqrdby t hetmoil ofrdereof dthe PoodLaw Bxaud.fThe will als x ber are-t 'beadisaladyo theGmastrdiasLofter annum an ofe Sthen matroniiBow street Londlon, W.C., on or before Tuesiday, the 28th day of December Ltoslnt. Sunch candidates as appea by their testimonIal to be best fitted will receive notice to attendon asubsequenit day, when the eleotiOn WiM take place Dec. 16,1857. By order DI the Board, JMSK N ek I[N CHANCER.Y.-In the Matter Of an Act pased Inothe 19th and 20th yeant of the relan ot Her prsn aet,Intltuled " An Act to Faciltate Leases an d Sles of Sele san,and In the matter of oertain bMesuages or Tenemente aud Pre s,tssstsltna respctively to Broad-street and Whetatone.psrk, naear Lincoin's. ion-fie'ds, ail in the parish of St. GlIes-In-thelieldes In tho county of Middlesex,. devised by the wills ot James Webber SsarrWss,ber and John Hamrstead.-Notlse is nereby gtventhat an "PfTIOATIO2R will be made to the Hiigh Court of Chancery, before thaVloit-Cloanclor air WitSiam Page Wood, under the above,-ouetloned Act, fDr the purDoee of obtalulngisthosit, to GRANT a I,EABR of the above-mentioned MELUG or T fIEUnTS, or any of tbhsmI and Noticeis hereby also~re,tbat t enane,addresemo and descr iptons of the Petitioners It mteare. George obertp lomre.ot No. 14, Ehttreet, Wel. wosth.tuthe county ci urry utier, and Elizabeth Hannah, his wife Gitlee Hemamens, of No. 44, Bra-street, St. GI1e&In-tbe-F1elds, and Cianisa August his wlie, John Robert Hamnatead,and8Sarah Elobeth Ramatced,?nanuts, now resding at No, 44 Broad rtret a6foreswld by John WIUliam Stalneby of No. 6, Weymouth.etreet New N0rtIs road, In the county of Mat lesex,lenkleman, their gurda and next friend, and Willam Pletcher, of I o. I8, Leademr-leet, Chelsea, in the maid ecunty of Middlesex, tawummker, and Sarah his wie, and that oWear. Beinly, Pattisoxn, and Wlgg are the solictitors of the pe"titoners to the matter of this petition, and their Offioe, No. 1, LIncoln's-innfields, to the county of Middlesex, Is the place where the Vetitioners may te served with any order of this; Court, or notice notating to tho subject of the pettiMon.-Dated this Istda 0"1 December, 1867. BR.ISLY, PATFISON, and WIOG 1 oasr.li, Solicito frs I beLInccin'eeinfll )Ot '.rfihOe, ili e CARGE opn al SHRES ssud ater the 4 sr'iier.ttonx for tbo remaining upallotted Shares,wbieb will be en. ChitO t tto tboame adva,,tagre s thosem already tssued, moust be made, .s0,cmpauled by the deposit of zel per there. on or beforeMondAy, %hA 258th instant, at the temporary office of the Cowpt,ny, No. 17, New BirlOgeatetret, BLsckf,iarv, where pro pectue, reots, forms of r&pplis vation, and all other informnation may beobtaned By order of the Board, CaARLES JAMES TRICKE Manager. JOSEP~H K. JACMSON, Secretary. 17, Nqew llrdgoereet, B.C., Dec. 14, 1857. M.1o1T161i H UT-UAL INVESTMENT LOAN, ..P and DISCOUNT COMPN LmI4 Inveetmcnte.- Money received at intes odesi,repayble at call. er at fixed periods. Loan.-lloney advanced upon approved persnal or other security, repaa able by easy instalments. Applicatetlo for prospeetusee.forms, and eery other information, maty e made at the oflrseof the 0smray. 17, Heyr r rdge-strset, Blarsirinra JOSEPH JAOKSON, Secetary. I ON'TRACTORS' ENGINES to be LET on HIRE cJ-trmin Itol 25horse power;also Pumps. SawTablet, azd WindInc Geac.-T. CRESSWELL. engineer, 92, BlaOkfirlars.road. DASBENGERandothers arrivinginMELBOURNE tAusirr,lia, will find the best acomoumodation at MOOR&s WESTERN DINING ROOMS 4 and 5. Willia-sftreet, opposite thae Custom-house, forcivility, Iea Iness,and economry. !'~HEBRUNSICK HTEL,1i t.a~mes's, Lo-ndon, .1.-Ou o Sexoi,-ret Reduction In charges-The tingle depermno cobinr lxurouschambers, with flrt-cltes coffee and privst hliard sow; ad hefamily department numerous small and lare ettr f aarmens,AZl foreign languages spoken.-Lersae, Mr. CCX hUGHES. ~ ~ th M 1ies,OE,Fle-tet,Lno.O ra'te chrefo eaneIthbil liHi6LONDO DINNER served lit one minute, ofEttD oups r° deb', enar e, iolto sweeftt, vegetables, cheese, and salads, Ready from 2 till 8, at is 6d, each, Lunchbeone diners, Oe., to tho sertaturet, brw, mom rning till night. Roast and bi>aled3 jitoreveryqartterof an hourt from 1 o'elosk:, 1e Id. each Smoking Saloons. Private dining roomsc. Open onl Sunday,-ThO L.ondon, Ill, Fleet ettreet. corner of Chancery-lane. rilu FUR2NlTUB3 iE;OKERS.-WATED, a . Tmo4ern `fai`onable walutree DRAWING-BOOM (18 by13) SEP of rIYRNITURE, new or sc-hand. Addreee wit ful par tirulars and price. P.B,S2, Gseabamnset Bank, LEGANT OONSOLE TABLE and GLASS.-To E b SOLD, a very elegant CONSOLE nABL ad GL&SS, in Rth oarved gilt frame, 12 feet high, Sleet 6 indira ida, equal to new. Recently cost _l05; lobe s"ld for £40t Stoable for any nobleman's maitnion. ApDIy to B, 21, outh hmm2ton4test Booootsbury.equare. 'ft£0 ASPHALTE and MANUE MEPOn z. SAL1E. OOAL TAR, Pltch Oil Nita, and Sulphate Amonla, to any qoar.ttlcst, at READ lOLILDtAYs thyanlcal works, Tortn. bridro. Hnddersfiold; Sursex.etreet. Shrifield; Veck-streets Leeds - Thosntcn.roa Bradford; White Birk, Blakbems,: Bcoadwam.lane Oldbam goor l.bank Bing ley: and 128, Rnol li, Lon don, r CrAPAINSotSTEMA ERitheBALT1C.-A 1g Eork of bett BSTEM OOALS Ii always on hand at Faso. PU nd, kn Goteland, toe station for the allied fleetedurlug the late Belttl cameatan. The harbour is known as the aftest and beSt in Sweden, combing convenience with no charge. Apply tO N.J. GiU3BB, inn. Fstq., F tossmd, Sweden._ OI OaAISTS and S-h1TQk-ud PATENT GALVAtIZED TINfEbD IRO2tand GAlVANlZD IRON, corrnatedorplain' paentgal. ae inned In tilt, with necety .fittings. AdY MORN. WOOD and Ca, hate Morawood nd Bogae Datetene Dowate Doak. UDner Thante ~T31hAI iENGINEg and BL)ILER.-I?or SALK, a rJnew bore oawer, ditect. ngg hlReh-o sas STEAM ENGINE. fitthd metallic pston, Governus 66f=epump and ST wheel, coIn piete: aso a ornlth 0Boler and fittings. Appl to MIr. Creewoii, engtineer. i2, SBlokttaraaroad, whwee the above msy be een. CITEA3& ENGINES, fixed and portAble, for agri- cultural engine-art' and contrators' v ork, and first-clas Agricultural Mrchtoer1, for home and export use, manufactured by B. GA1'.RBTP -'sd SONS, Leiston Works, Saxmundham, Suffolk (estabUlshed A.D 1771), and at 40, Mi rk-lsne.bembers London, E.C Catalogues, plan,, eslinates, and rawinsi supplied free en application rPO PAWNBROKERS.- Pawnbroker having In .AL la ps-eWn th 3UN&TURkIl EL SUposd o av been pawned reveral years afu by a yun lady. oeter to he" addressd t) Wf. 6,rtb,hboklies e 07, Ree eutet WY. estob FUE3 O 9AYESFOREBIGIK _DEBBT.Th0 kprC'osnmilctee Ot Spanih Amerarin Bododr request a ajp-INGo of the holders Of Buenos Ars. Bondason ThursdY nWeit, the 17th inst.. asithe London Tavern, Ati o'clook vrsclaey. 11, Austinfriam~ Dec. 15, 1857. ALFRRI)D GODSRsZ Secentar1'. WJEW SUTH WAES GOVRNMJENT ~DEissue by he GocrumCtof New Sout be alef xet threlwdy ose egxamInaIon, nd faina o? pcfyingt the "ame may be had on applying The4needle-street. London. Dec. 9. 1857. OTLU isherby ive, that by an indenture N of asignmnt, d te th15h day of Deoemher lInstant. JOEHN WILLRD, f Ruby.In the oounty ot Ww1rwok phoe masnufacturer, didASIONal hi PRBONA MiTATE and RI'FEOTS whatwoever uno hylim ~sdnckDuunn of the cit ofCBet ald hesi sad oh Wlrdwh sall ectehe aiidnurwtinfour moth fomth dteof tEmsam ldtueand that the said ioden. tor wa dly xecte bythesad John Willard, Abraham Kendrckk D n,adWlimMononthe daLy of the date thereo. In the Dresenceof and such excuioswere attested by, Wiillam Eluhuard, of Rugy, n to sid ouny o Wawic, slIctor Ad notice Is hereby furter ive. tht te cms idenurenowlies at the office of the ditrs f te aidJoh Wllad, nd uc crditrswhodo otexecute excluded rom all enefit totheWsame Wit.HUSR~D, olictorto the Trustees. MsOTICE is hereygie, ht yanidenture ~bear. .LI ing date the 9thdyoDome,18, THOMAS ROBof New Rtadford, in the countyo othm mahno builder, bath ASSIGNED all, and singua hi ESN ESTATE and EFFECTS whateoever, (the wearn aprloth IdThomas Roe and of his wife and family only ecpe, noGog Roberts Cowen. of the town of Nottingham, cnfone,adDvdNew of the caie town iron merchant, their exots,amnsrtr,and asslgna,lupoutsus for the benefit or allteceior ftemI Tonms zoe, who should execute the said Indenuewti b pc fthre calendar months. from the date thereof,anthttesi netrwsduyectd by the sld Thomm oeon the stId da f eebe,187 n by the sad George Roet owen adDvdNw epcieyo the Ilth day of Decemnber, 1857. and the dos execto fwihsi Indenture by the said Thomas Roe, Gerea brsOwn n ai New, in attested by William Hunt ofte saidtonoNtinh , solicitor, and Henry Edward Hunt.o the same on lr otesi Williamn Huot.- Oated this 15th day of Decembr187 TAYLOR and WOODWARD, A8 Great James.tetset.Agents for William Hoot. of Nottinghamn, Solicitor to the Trustees. ?*O IEia hereb 1rve, that by an indenture .A'18ltd the day of mber. 1857, JA3 BLLNTi and EFFEC)TS, as therein maentoned unto Thomas John Smith, of No. S3, Queen-street, Obeapeide. in the city of London. whole,wals stationer, sond William Thomase Harris, of No. 1, QUeeul'lthe, in the #Aid city of London, wholesale stationer, upon trust, for the benedt of themrseves azdall other,t =,eron. parties thereto of the third part. credItor of the saidl James Bolington ; and notice ig hereby further ive"n, that the said indenture was executed by the sad James olloncton. and by the said Thom3a John Smith, and Wiliam Thomas Hanle on tboday ofthe dat tlcer.f, in the Prwesenof John Joseph YIeld, of No. 2, South-square, Gray'-inn. in the county of Middiesex soilictor ; end notice is also given, that the said Indenture now lies at the office of the said John JosepDh Yield, No. 2, South-square, Gray's. Inn aforeeid, for inspwct!on and execution b'y such of the creditors of the said James Barrington as hays not already execute the same.- Dated thIs 16th day of December, 1857. JOHN3.FITLD ,Suhsuae rysIn T1~HEMASTE of te ROL S,t Ch-lbsrs.-In ..the Ma6tter of the Joint-Stock Companies' Winding.up Acts,1848 and 1849, aod of the MEXICAN and SOUTH A3MEIA-N (MlO.. PANY.-Notioe Is beseby Rito,. tha-i all parties claiming to be ORE. DITORS of the abovenamed Company are to come in and prv their debt before the Master of the Rolls the Judge Of thsHlghour Of Chancery to wbose Coutrt the windng p of th is atter In attached, at bin chambers, Rolls-yard, Chancery.ia,s in the county of Middlesex, and until they shall so comein they wil beptecluded from oommexcing or prosecuthig any proceeding for recoveyam of their debts ansld notice is hereby further given, that the saild Jodg b hasm~inte Fsiday, the 8th day of January. 1853. at 12 o'clock at nioon precisely, at his chambers as aforesad, for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims, and the creditors of the said Coin ar herby caled upon by the saidJudge tormeet before hintat e tLe and place before mnentioned for the purpose of appointing one ormosa pesn or Persons to waens tent all the creditors of the maid Company, i or about the proceedinigs before him,. or in and about Po many and such of the Name proceedis as the said Judge shall from timra to time seem expedIent.-Dated thi 18th day of December. 1857. GEORQE HUE, Chief Clerk.- The particulars of all claimsx, together with acOpy7 of the affidavit to be used In support thereof, maus be forwarded to the Official Manager, on or before the Iat day of January next, itP.HAEDTIN~G. B. Serle-street, Llnoolo's-lun, Officia Manager. AMORY, TR&VER4, and IIMITH, 25, Throg. morton-street, Selilors.m J~~INAL NOTICE to CLAIMA2~~TS.ie--ubered A' sttesCart.Inthe Matter of the Estate of William Gnsturd sodChale Smth.arignecof Willim Henry Roohfort, an insolven, r o Gorg Oang, irJohn 'Hadley 3DOyteY Hart,, and Henry Joh Sarng an Ejpoo Runibeet Bochort, a minor, or eons or cue of hem, ow ers x Paris Thomas Rattersby, petitiorr; .-Al pariesintretedareherbyrequired to take notise that the Clommilssioer hae OLDth TONSand LANDS of MOLENSTOWN aliedGreatWind orotherwise Druindain otherwise Ballymullec sitat inth paisesof COstlelosA and Pass of Kilhride. barony ofn racoilgh,andcoutyof Westmneath ; andtbs YearlyFee F.m Rent of XA3 Is d. presen currency, issuig out of part of the badn of tel. ffeld, otherwise Brannockstown, situate In the paris of Euciscoorsy, and In the said barony of Fartullagh, and county of West. meath; and that the draft geheUle of encumbranoes is now lcdged In the office of tha Genes-al ClerkoftiCur,adf aknypso hae aelaim not thereininetdaddmtd,oay objctonto hesad chedule either on acon othamutor pririt ofanychagetherein mentioned, a u ohmo n te peron,or ecase e caim any lien on the prhs oe rohr partculrs o suh clim,objection, or lienmutbldg uc pecsuwlhthGenrajlerof this Cowl nreoe h 7ha of Jnuay nxt,andon the folloigMna,testdy f l5ebuary atthe ourof 11 o'clock iVn tefreonq Cals ae Rsrreve,Re., neofthe Commissioners, wl Iedrcin o h fnaIsettemen of aischedule, nod allpesnitreedaeheb furter equied o tke notice, thatwlhnteim aorsday peron ay il anolsectonto any demand coDntandis ceue -Daedths 8h ayofDecember 1857, xc6lrmr K. IERS, oticeCleirk. ROBERT ARHourlctrfr eiinr,hvn asrle J1. under andbyvruofaAcofPramn,pseinte1h and 20th yearsn h eg fhrpeet aet ue itra n tituledasn Actto eleoLasnS le ofereEtae,p'y T1IOr entitled intemteo h adAct and inthmteo Lord kiaford's stldetts iut in the plarises rpae,o otherwise calledorkonbthnae of Stafford Csl,Cuc Bradey alias Brde,BligoLttwo,Saodtn,i.May St. Ch4 orebridge, aisFor ___ call, ~~~~Stantoftird,Wndsl onte2dayfNoebr187roetdt theRight Hon.teLc Hig Chncllo o GratBviai~byth RihtHon. Henry Vlnie Lor Stffod, he os Nole en~Gravile~Duke of Nrok h Right Ho.WlimIenr,Lr 'le hres Few, of Stetan In lbs couty of Sure,gulmn,n oetJwOf Cru-ad in the count of Mdisxguimn that a pwrt GRANT3 1UH.I) GSIINGoGrHSy Iall or any part, or parts of the said settle esteso any pereon or persons, for any, term or number of years, not exceedin 99 years might be rested in the Petitioner Henry Valentine Lord tfod during his life, and in the several other cons of GeeWilim aeLr Stafford. towhomn estte fo lcewer enndetue daedthe 8th day of February, 1833 limitod, so and when byx virtue of the limitations contained In the said indenturm they should severaly, successively, and ree:,ectlvely be In the actual possesson of, or entitled to, the receipt of the renl5t1, gand profica of the sad settled estates, or any raet kherof,Td.ag hecontinuance of thelr estates btherin and in the peMtitoners, HenryV Graurijeie Duke of Norfolk. and WtJllm Beriard, Lord Petre, and the sfurvivor of them, and the executors or administrators of such sfrvivor from time to time and at all times during the minority of any chilh or childreen or issue, who by virtue Of any Of the lImitations aforesaid should for the time being be entitled to the posaseslon ot to the receipt of the rents and r oits1 thae salese etatee,so that every lease tos be zrsankte by virtue of tht power be Icade with and subject to the came psovislonx, restrictions, and conditions severe by thesald indenture of the 6th day of February, 1832,dI recteLd with respect to building or impsoving leases, granted bydl virtue of the said power in fthat behalf contained In the said indenture; and notice Is hereby further given, that such Petiton wuil in due course he heacd bef ore HiHonor the Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart. and that the plaem wher the said petitioners are to be served with any etitcon or notice under the aidd ct listhe office of Me,svs Fewan YCa,,2, Henrlstta.strat ovent.goadeuIn nthecountyof Middlesex.-Dated ths 27tk day o5 November, 1857. tIp uia glInl ; Blltt, ortVislettt, and Aldlg&hteri.-Thres k-caJlzhis, Tuesday, Des 28M,Thrs*day Dcc, 31, Saturday, Jan, 2.-h following favourite operAs will be given :-Tuesday, Dec. 29, IL TOA-TOR,E; Thursday, Don, 31 La Trarlate;- Saturday, Jan. 2,Lu ia Lammermoor. Prices:-Pli stalls,2l.e&. d:boxes (to hold four pageocs), pit and one pair, £2 2.,; grnud tier, X3 3L ; two pair, £1 I .,; tbre pair, lie. - galer boxer lie.;, gcllery stals I, 85. ; pi,Lc 85.: gallery, 2s. !WYe box-odfloe sill be openi on Oldedy D.c. 23. %lxes and stalls may, in the meantime, be secured by applicatlon to Mr. Ifib, sace-door. Hier Majesty's Theatre H R AJST' TEARE I. ~JULLIEN'ws kfCLSICAL ~ CONCERT&~Positivel, theLast Night but Two Dwriosoa to INT JUl-l"0' deearture for his musical procinnililtour,i'ROcRARMaE for TellS EVENING IThnreA&y, Decc,171:-Part L Overture. "Munanlello "I-Auber ; Polka-Mazucokas.ullien. symphony, Andante. from the, Symphony in C minor-Beethoven; Soug, "Del vienni." iddile. Jetty Treffz (her last appearnee hut two previous to her departure for Vlenira)-Mozart;: Fugue and Cant-o Permo. from the Greek Rite, from M, Juliele' Grand oper "Pietro II Graude" -Jullien ; Solo (Violin). `II Pirsita," AL. Remenyl, (his last appeUarace but onel-Ernet:- Quadrile, "The Indian Quadrile" (list time but two-Jullien, P'art II. ilelection from Msr. hicfarren's Cantata, "Sleeper Awakened, Arab War Dances Shawl Dance, and1 the Calph's Mfarchb; German ided. The KIssI (second time In England) -Proch ; New Polka, " The Fife Polka "-Jullen ; Solo (Trombone), it, H, Russell (his Last appeaancel -Russecll- Galop, "The Ainazon aod Tiger"-JuMlen. To-morrw (Frday) will be a Weber Night, Vocalst, 8db, Jetty Treffz ; pianist bis ArateUla Goddard, who wlif perform Weber's Grand Concert Stucak. PromeniAde, Is. ; drew civole, 2o, d; prIvate boxesIos,8d. and upwrds, t be had at the box-OMOic at the theatre : and at Jullien and Co.'s,2t4, Regentstreet. J)lllen'4 Grand B31 Masquni,-In consequence of the grat suoccesof the Ial blacquS. M. Jullen wil givTe asecond, and poetively the lash thia season, a4 the end of the Second Sernse of Concerts, on Monday, December 21st The orchestra will oin prise 110 musiclans. Conductor-Mt. Jullien. Tickets for the bal, 10s, Sd- pricer of admission for spectators tfor whom the audience P art Of the theatre is set aW )wHi be, drors circle, I 5o- ery stills, d.; M.gallery, Is. 6d, riate boxes,£39I. anduPw Uy be had at thiebox-ofioe atthe theatre; all telIIbrariesraudJe naand Co's. 2 1 4,RBe;rut-otrtt. rHEATRE ROYAL RYALE.TI .L EVENG (Thursday), T-orw(rdy,o audy and on Monday and Tueeday I etwe atfv Ihso h gretly souceseul comeody, AN-UNQA, ATS an u Ave mBu;t of the enij;ixemet or f y8dFk After teh comedy, every eveniog. the new farce. TARE CARE OF DoW . Mr. Wallop (a schoolmaster), Mr. Buckstone. Concludlin with the Spanisb ballot of TRE STAlR OF ANDALUSIA. Oa Wednesday next Dec. 23. for tho Hene5t ot Miss Amy Sedgwiok, and lst nlgbt ot her engagement, on which occaslon sbe wmll appear In the play of The Reigning Favourite, and In the pelite comedy of The Dowager, with otber entertaloments, The Haymarket Oomio Christmas Pantomime la It prepavatioo. and will be produced on Saturday. DMcc 26. THEATRE ROYAL,ADELPHI.- Great Success- ln conrequenoe of its Immense attractlon,thepopular drama ofThe Oeen Bushes wil be perrormed for one week more: Madame Celeete, Mr. Wright, and Mr. Paul Bedford in their original characters.-The screaming farco of The Drapery Question, or who's for India? every night.-THIS EVE'NING wlil be nerfo;med (for the 1,089th tine) the popular drama of TEE GREEN BUSHES; or, A Hundred Years sgo. Madame Celeste, W . Wright, and Mr. Paul Bedford in tbelr original character And the screaming farce of THE DRAP5;BY QUSET ON - or, Who's for India t by Mewsrs Wrigbht Paul Bedford, . Seihy, Hillngiiton Hisser Arden, 2l. Keelsy, sto. The grand drama of The Headles mrau ig portponed for a few evenings in consequenoe of the indispoeltion of Hr. BenjaminWebster. POYAL PRR'rESS's THEATRE.-The public is respectfuly informed tthat the play ot RICHeRD II vwill shortl bewithdrawn, and will not he again represented in this theatre. with te excetion or a few night towa the expiraton of Hr. a Keso's period of mauacemsns. It will be repeated every evening durlag the wreek, and on Monday and Tuesday next D OYAL LYAfJ ~THRATRE-LEssee Mr.htbu tis Charles DtlDon.-Iu acive pseparatlon for Christmas, BLALL 1100 II; or, The Peri, the Prilncess, and the Troubadour. It will be prduced oounp a ae of grandeur hitherto runatlempted in ths P QYAL LYCEUrM THEATRE:.-r^8t NiRht but Al, wo o th EngishOpera Season, whichn must poeetively terminate on 8StunrdzaUy,whethOe Pn p=and aro copoantvcy and on atry,bale'a new opr, 'PEBOHOFO.TLE Lous t'n wil suti h caatromeiafrth Stm in (I REAT NATIONA STANADTETR >XShoredhc-Iw,t,,,te~ nightsoft^Xihe eninset ragsda Mr,Ji TH E LITTLE T& ONTM KR rdy o h beneddD t of Mis Zissothy, aturda tIc.James ndersn's beefit InAls appearance,~~~~~~~~~~~~~ THEATEl ROYAL, HALYMAREET. Under she Manaemeat of Mr. Muck,t o TEIS EVENING, ANl UNEQUAI MATOEM: by Xeft.BU0Hoc. Cho l Oindr.le, W. P-e "m,O .1~ Mesadanea Amy kheik, jAnx W-hlte, I ho.t,u`n ,. After whlcb. TAXICABEOr )O WE in whichMr. Hocbtone willppear. Towcuewith THE STAR 6F AINDALUsjA. Comnenoer &I 7. THEATRB ROYALY ADELPE! Prorietor, Abr. B. Webeter: Directre.. Madama Oeleete. THIS EVAT4N , THLE GRREEN BUSHES; or, A Htndred Year, Ago. Madame Celose. Wriaht, and Mr B With THEEDRARIQUESTIO or. Who _o, Iso ibyM.Wright, bir. P. Bedrd, aire Arde ad Mt B. Kzeey. Cotomntce at 7. RfOYAL PRINedceS THEATnd U t Ua de the Moanment of Mr. Chul eswe. TMiS UENde wbe w rebented Shkpre katigedy of theG RICELARD IL. KiN o ar -L, 60) Mr. C. T ren : Queen, by Mm, C. Keen, Precede by A CASE FOONSoIz&i. ROYAL, LYCEUM TEHEATBE Under thaJoIntmanagement OtiToD, BP- anda Mr.W. Huriem. THIS EVINIIo Belie's now opera, THE ROSE ON CARTHrE= Jire Loban FnMrae P. yne arjeo A Prcom.ot mr ir bore. or S._Mbn Mr. G3. Honey. Mr. Wallworkh. and M.W arr, Conductcc-Mx. Mellon. To oosclude with A PAIR 05'PIGONSi. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEhTR_. Leneei NeO.L P. Etolon and W. S. Ezodee. THI NVENING, WHAT WILL THEY BYS AT BROMP2MN 1 Meom, P. Robmon and Addrlana MlD a WYadham and fzton. LEADING iTRIGB: Mew G.' VI and Addca -rg.Stirling and Ml"e Swanborouith. BOOTS AT WPH SWAN. ,to-b F"i Mr. V. Htobeok. Oomsmeooe at half-past T. THEATRE ROYAl,SDE'lWI Ufnde, thewmanaembendand CMrw heon THIS EVENING.AMBTHEHIYONN.or Th Troe Aanrte, Tmb. PRels Boknd, Mrr. Potter; nelwontldbMr Mr.wo 0. Ceyton Mor.g ollare Mirtbele B.wara, ets e Nisurnea w. Cb. THz BZW~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Tii. memm rotter. Vlddfc=b,~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~aor.Mre3 Kno aoned,MiuohstoH.men. AndWELNTOMNDDG'S,SCRT AS XSUROEYAA THEATIER. R TE eesVNM.. Mthe Sheperdand aeelok THISEVEING MBIION or,n xtlonel and sheltu op enitedrY. r t Totter EtitiwolG CATR. CrOFok DELemeru Mroe ladrby 8Catherinte Arenai, Miprted by thue. AClteran whCo. Tur readersT. arrqears oter.t olbderveb ta. th. pbrce~ end Mir JuTime. i AnduWecl toN 4d.G, adta ~d Asth Spice of aOA AMPH ith hEATRedstm Pof Lfie (No. 60 Mnaer Mr. Wiiame traooie. l byHIst EVNIo Btihe ncganl nton als and forigtar spectacle, witdhdub Sane in te rensdoam sp.otdb h cghadCn oWe e ie Isareduceddto commund tat lozd. AV The priceaft of aH n ommo copy ith h ockpresederataa without animinre,e tandmp.edat8
LONDON, TRURSIJA Y, DECEMBER 17, 1857. It is not without reason that the attention of Parliament was called to the smalness of the military Contingent despatched from the Cape to the assistance of the Indian Government. At the period of most severe emergency, when the forces in India were manifestly outnumbered by successive masses of mutineers, and England was too distant for a timely appeal, the only resource open to Lord CANaNG lay in the colonies interposed between the mother country and Calcutta. Ceylon might do something, the Mauritius a little more, but the mainstay of hope was in the garrlson of the Cape. When the termination of the Russian War had disengaged a large portion of our army the opportunity was taken to raise the military establishlnent of the Cape colony to a very considerable strength. In itself the policy was not injudicious, for the climate was a healthy one, and a sufficiency of occupation was promised in the development of a new system, by which it was anticipated that the costly nuisance of Cafre wars might be at last extinguished. Although, moreover, the idea was not openly promulgated, it is clear that much might have been said for maintaining at this convenient and salubrious station a force which would thus have been pushed on half way to India, and be so much the more within call. Accordingly a strong division of troops, comprising, we believe, ten fine battalions, was concentrated at the Cape, and to this army, representing as large a body of soldiers as was encamped at Chobham, was afterwards added the German Legion, equivalent in strength to four good regiments more. Naturally, therefore, when the mutinies broke out in Bengal, and every company of redcoats was worth an unspeakable price at Calcutta, it was expected that our Cape garrison would be turned to excellent account; and these anticipations were the more warrantable inasmuch as there was no danger whatever on the Caffre frontier. Nevertheless, whereas the Governors of Ceylon and the Mauritius actually stripped their settlements of soldiers for Lord CANxiwG's succour, two regiments first, and subsequently a third, appear to constitute the whole amount of the force hitherto despatched from the Cape to India, although the military establishment of the colony was as strong as that of the Punjab, and there was neither war nor apprehension to distract it. At a later Deriod, as -we learn from Mr. LAj3ouCERmes statement, a fourth battalion-the 80th-has been sent by Sir GEORGE GREY to Ceylon; but the sum total of these reinforcements does certainly not represent an adequate amount of succour despatched from one Government to the other, considering the relative necessities and resources of each. The case becomes the more remarkable from the fact that Sir G. GnRY appears to have thoroughly appreciated the straits to which Lord CANNIoG was reduced, and to have exerted himself, as far as his contributions went, with extraordinary zeal. Besides the infantry, he sent two companies of artillery, a remittance of 60,0001. in specie, and, what was probably of greater service, a considerable number of horses. Both he and the colonists, in fact, are reported as having exhibited singular energy ' ad devotion, giving up their own horses for the public service, and refusing no sacrifice which the occasion seemed to invite. Yet, with all these demonstrations, the force actually detached from the Cape establishment for the emergencies of India was utterly disproportioneed to the demands of the latter Government and the means of the former. It was even less, in fact, than our foregoing remarks may have made it appear, for the 95th, one of the regiments despatchedto India, had just arrived at the Cape to relieve the 8 9th, ordered to New Zealand; so that it was no deduction from the strength of the garrison. It seems as if Sir GEORGE GREY took the 89th, which was already prepared for embarking, and the 95th, which was just ready for disembarking, and thus made up a detacbment for India without much prejudice to the regular establishment of the colony. Afterwards the 13th Light Infantry sailed on the same destination, and the 80th, it appears, has followed; but even these draughts must have left the Cape garrison at a strength far beyond the wants of the settlement. It can hardly be too much to assume that a couple of battalions added to the German Legion would have formed a force amply sufficient for the real needs of the colony, especially when contrasted with tha overwhelming exigencies of India. Of the rest, every man and gun sbould have been forwarded to Bengal without an hour's avoidable delay. It happens that the state of the Cape Colony itself is at this moment exceedingly remarkable, and, in a political sense, not unfavourab'e. The Caffres have been converted by a famine of their own manufacture from unmanageable enemies into humble mendicants. Some time ago, in obedience to a prophecy of one of their wi7ards, they took upon themselves to ravage their own territories instead of ours, kill their own cattle, and destroy their own crops. The natural consequence has been a dreadful dearth, under the visitation of which many have expired, and thousands more are only kept from starvation oy proceedings resembling in some sort those of our home authorities in the Irish famine. Intelligence from the spot assures us that since the 1st of last January 19,239 Caffre suppliants had crossed the border into the British territory and been provided for by British charity-a number which is reckoned, and we think with great probability, to represent nearly a half of the whole population left in British Caffraria at the end of the last war. It has been Burmised that this suicidal infatuation of our savage neighbours originated in designs of deadly hostility, and vwas meant as a prelude to a war of desperation-the sacrifice of their possessions being partly superstitious as a propitiation to their deities, and partly political, just as a combatant throws away his scabbard or an invading force burns the ships from which it landed. Nothing, it is said, but the imposing force arrayed along the frontier prevented this outbreak, so that the Cape garrison performed the best of services by preserving peace without bloodshed. Without entering, however, into these ingenious speculations, it must be perfectly plain that the very worst that could be done by the Caffres was absolutely nothing compared with what the mutineers were doing inIndia. I the most extreme case conceivable it is certain that the colonists themselves, supported by a few hundred regular troops, could give an excellent account of every Caffre coming in their way. Englishmen and savages were not in the proportion of 1 to 10,000 on the banks of the Kel, as they were on the banks of the Ganges. It might have scandalized certain philanthropists at home to leaxn that cattlestealers had been irregularly shot, and that borderers were meeting blacks on pretty even termns; but the necessity must for once have been accepted, and the colony would have been unquestionably secured. We collect from our reports and correspondence that what with his own force on one side of the frontier, and what with the destitution on the other, Sir G. GRXY has really succeeded to all appearance in relievingthe settlement from its hitherto interminable obligatons of Cafifre wars. These restless and implacable heathens are half-starved, half-cowed, and wholly abased; excellent roads, productive of vast saving in traffic, have been constracted in various parts, and the whole colony is prosperous and well affected. These are, no doubt, valuable services, and, if the troops had not been imperatively wanted elsewhere, the duties on which they were kept might well enough have been considered satisfactory. Compared, however, with the urgency of the Indian crisis, all these demands were utterly insignificant, and if Sir GEo.RGz GREY had despatched every single soldier from the colony, as was literally almost the case at Ceylon and the Mauritius, and trusted for the protection of the frontier to the levies of the colony exclusively, we are certain that his resolution would have met with nothing but approval among the people of this country. As it is, he has probably fallen into the natural error of overrating the importance of the particular affairs comnitted to his charge. He was commissioned to protect and improve the Cape Colony, and to make an end, if possible, of its periodical calls for men and millions. In this he seems to have succeeded, but he would have given greater satisfaction at home if he had left, for the time, his provinces without roads and his frontier without troops, and had sent four-fifths of his g,arrison on their way to India with as much energy and zeal as he showed in despatching the first detachment.
Christmas is at hand, with its good cheer, its family gatherings, and its bright fires. In many a house there will be ample compensation for the gloom without in the brightness within. But, alas ! even in the midst of all this mirth and revelry there is one thought which will force itself upon the mind of poor PATERFAMILIAS, While adorning his exterior and endeavouring to conceal the ravages of time upon the thinned honours of his head and the increased thickness of his central man. Full well is that painstaking and long-suffering individual aware that there is a sad background to the family pantomime. Before even the goodly pudding upon which the junior members of the family are about to expend their energies has totally disappeared OLD FATmeR C}nisTmAs will present himself at his threshhold in altered guise. No longer will his intercourse with that hoary impostor be confined to a comparison between the weight of last year's and of this year's turkey, to the luscious appreciation of the streaky sirloin, to a languid coquetry with the flaky pleasures of the mince-pie's crust. There are such things as Christmas bills. As we are about to "improve the " occasion," we will commence by indicating beyond all possibility of mistake the particular class of the QurEN's English subjects to which we more particularly refer. Merchant Princes and Lords of halfcounties, stand aside. Our words are not for you, who never knew the meaning of petty embarrassments and humiliating cares. Nor do we write for the many millions of industrious artisans and labourers who take life and its obligations by the week. With rogues and swindlers of every degree we have nothing to do, but now address ourselves entirely to tne men of small fixed incomes. We are speaking of upright and honourable men who have decent exteriors to maintain, and who would rather die than let their little embarrassments be known-not of the pests who infest society. X4ow, there is nothing which is more attractive to men of this class than the brilliant phantom of 8 per cent. Could that rate of interest be realized, the little difficulty about sending PHILIP AuousTus to Harrow would be completely overcome, and the TnmIINsEs over the way, who have sent their little plebeian Joxm TIiOMAS to a counting-house in Mincing-lane, would be covered with confusion. The "girls," too, might float about in silken sheen and many-flounced to their heart's content, to the serious disquiet of the neighbourhood, while, as at present, the negotiations touching little JEMIxivA's sixth pair of boots remain in statu quo. What could not be done with that extra 2001. per annum ? Now, we do not pretend to suggest to every individual how the desirable result may in his own case be brought about, but we can tell all what they mnust not do if they -would ever know another hour's peace or absence of care. They must not become directors of companies which promise them large rates of interest, even although the tempting offer be accompanied with the promise of a seat at the Board with a permanent salary of 1001. per annum. " Clergymen with small " stipends or livings, half-pay officers of restricted "means, we implore you turn aside from the "dazzling bait, as you would from a bad half- crown or from a cabman's overcharge. Any "addition to your income which comes to you in "the way of your professions jump at cheer"fully and fearlessly. You understand the meaning of the liabilities you take upon "yourselves. If duties are cast upon you, you " can perform them. You are no match for the "professional dealers in companies and associa"tions. In the pulpit and ia the field you may " have distinguished yourselves greatly; your ser"mons may have been convincing, your style "of handling troops brilliant beyond example; "but between Temple-bar and the India-house "there are men in abundance, who will "treat you as fools and suck your very C" marrow out of your bones, while you re" main helpless as children in their hands." General remonstrance or warning goes for very little in cases of this kind, so perhaps it will be better at once to call the attention of that class of gentlemen whose good we have at heart to the ltory of a gallant Colonel and a n-umber of reverend gentlemen who have recently gone a little out of their depth. A short time back the town was appalled with a history of what the Londoners were called upon to digest in the course of every year. There was death in every pot. In cruel mockery, the authors of these discoveries told us "' what to eat, drink, " and avoid," but the mischief was that there was nothing to eat and drink, and everything to avoid. London was one vast Barataria; every Londoner a SANCHo PANZA, and a chymlcal gentleman the uncomfortable physician of tne tale. Our bread was bonedust-our coffee, mangold-wurtzel-our chicory, mahogany-dust, baked horse's liver, burnt blood, and litmus-our cayenne, deal sawdust and bisulphuret of mercury-our curry powder, red lead-our lard was mixed with caustic lime-our ginger with turmeric powder-our picldes with poisonous salts of copper-our sugar with limeour pepper with gypsum-our tea with paddyhusk and sand-our vinegar with hydrochloric acid. To remedy this slight defect in the system of our national commisariat a company was set on foot in the usual way-capital 100,0001., in 5,000 shares of 201., reduced from 1,000,0001. in a previous prospectus. One Mr. WILL&3 CRIBB, described as of Stockwell-park-road, was the general manager, at a salary of 5001. a-year, with a pension after 10 years. This gentleman appears to have exerted himself very much in getting up the company. Mr. HENRY SALTER, as secretary, was also to have 5001. a-year; MIr. EHsnY SUTTON, as financial manager, also G001. a-year. 3Mr. HowETT was to have 2001. a-year as surveyor of buildings; Dr. LETHEBY was to receive, as chief analyst, 3001. a-year; Mr. LACY HOWARD, as second analyst, the like annual aun of 3001. Finally, Messrs. HEABIN and SmrK} were rated on the staff as solicitors, at 2001. a-year, and ROBXBT JoHN GRoo31, as clerk, at 30s. per week. There was nothing mean or niggard in the arrangements of the Association. The next point was to buy a large book, with a red morocco covering and gilt clasps in which the names of the shareholders were to be entered; and the final and most important point of all was to secure a corps of reputable directors and of solvent shareholders. Now, in an evil hour for his own comfort, an Indian Colonel, Colonel EDWARD AUSTI, of the Grange, in Norfolk, became aware of the existence of this Association. He came up to town, had an interview with Mr. CBIBB, and inscribed himself in the gorgeous bookl as the holder of 20 shares, upon the understanding that he was to be a Director of the Company with a salary of 1001. per annum. The names of CRIBB, HOIWARD, SALTER, SUTTON, HowETT were written in the book before that of Colonel Ausmr, but he states, though Mr. CRIsB denies, that he was the first bcnidfide shareholder on the list. Some months afterwards Colonel AusTrr's name was published in the prospectuses, in conjunction with those of the Hon. F. H. BEBEELEY, M.P.,j MIr. HENRY GORE BOOTir, and others. He came up to town to take an active part in the management, but was informed by the secretary, Mr. SAnTYR, that the concern was not yet in a condition to pay Board fees, but that he and the manager would in the interim do all that was necegsary. So things went on from bad to worse, the grand result being that a sum of 3,2501. has been swallowed up, and the present condition of the company is represented by the short but significant phrase-no assets. Under these circumstances it is that Colonel AUSTIN has presented a petition to the Court of Bankruptcy, under the Joint-stock Companies Act of 1856, praying that the concern may be wound up. The gaUant Coloners affidavit, -which occupies 18 huge folios, in which his miseries are described at length, is backed by another from the Rev. Mr. HuNT, who supports its allegations in a very complete manner. The rev. gentleman informs the Court in addition that he was present at a meeting, which does not appear to have been conducted in the spirit which might have been expected from the owners of that gorgeous red morocco book. Mr. HOWBTT, the surveyor of buildings, and Mr. LAcy HOWARD, the second analyst, upon the occasion referred to appear to have called the rev. gentleman a " beast " and a " liar "-terms which are certainly racy of the soil on which they grow. In reply it is Stated that M\r. HVUNT ac%ed in a manner to deserve both epithets. If we read Colonel AUSTIN'S affidavit aright, the loss actually incurred is not confined to the smaller sum already mentioned, but heavy sums are due, or claimed to be due, upon bills of exchange accepted on the company's behalf. Now, is it not strange to find in the prospectus of such a concern as this one of the "London Unadulterated " Food Company" the following names :-Trustees, General Sir JoHI FORSTER FITZGERALD, K.C.B., Mr. HENRY MORRIS, late Madras Civil Service; Directors, the Right Hon. Lord THOMdAS PELHAM CINTON, &c.? The sooner the non-business public appreciate the great fact that names afford very little security to their pockets in cases of this kind the better they will fare. In the present instance we have counted the names of no less than sixteen clergymen among the shareholders who are desirous that the concern should be wound up, and we trust their example may serve as a warning to other persons of their class. The result is, no doubt, not so hard upon them as in the days of imlimited liability, when so many idlers were sent to whistle upon the pier at Boulogne with liabilities to the extent of some millions sterling and assets to the extent of a few hundreds a-year. Still we are of opinion that the Reverend or gallant PATERFAMILIAS who looks to tide it over his Christmas entanglements by help of these companies wiU not find it a particularly pleasant feature in his biography for any current year that he is called upon to pay, not to receive, even though the payment be but 2001. or 3001.
The High Church school, so far as Mr. BsuusFOroD HoPp repreuents it, certainly cannot be chargedcwith over-attachment to and superstitious veneration for the parochialsystem. Air. Horn, in a letter which we give in another column, argues strongly for doing away with it altogether in all our large towns, and substituting a totally different system. " Every town of above a certain "cipher of population ought to have its own head "clergyman, who should preside over the evange"lization of the vhole community." He adds, "There is a name 1,800 years old for such head "clergyman, and it stands to reason that he had "better assume it and be entitled 'Bishop."' Now, if Lord SHAFMESBIRY'S clause has been called a revolution, -we should like to know what Ah. HoPE's proposal is to be calledc? Lord SRAFTESBURVSnY clause is, indeed, a very moderate and guarded piece of interference with the parochial system; it does no' touch the ordinary operation of it ; it does not meddle in the least with the clergyman's permanent relations to his parishioners; these remain exactly as before, and the incumbent goes about visiting and advising in his parish with precisely the same authority -which he always had. In short, the clause is, properly speaking, no interference with the parish as all, only perinittit g, -i'h tie concurrence of the Bishop, the use of a particular portion of the whcle site of a parisli, oll which Tbere happens to be a convenient roo.n or buildirg, for the purpose of a general leligions appeal to the di'triet-the wlhole populous distrbct aini reighbourho ( of which the ptrish forms part. Thus limited, exceptional, rnodiGed7 and inci- dental is the interference with the incumbent'g domain contemplated in Lord SHAyTESBUnX'5 clause. But Mr. Hopes plan would indeed be a revolution; it would in all our populous districts subvert the whole parochial machinery of the Church, pull it up root and branch, and plant another system in its place. We do not deny that something may be said in the abstract for Mr. Hops's plan, or that it might not be a good plan if we werestarting afresh. But we are not starting afresh, and that of itself makes all the difference. We have a certainu system established, and the men who work it ara of an established type. The picture of a Bishop in a large town with his staff of clergy, whon,. he directs and marshals, and daily orders out and deapatches in all directions, is a nice picture enough, and supposes very good theoretical machinery; but we doubt whether our English clergy, with their established idea of a clergyman's position and rights, and with their general character and formed habits of mind, would execute it particularly well. Our clergy are not like their continental brethren,-they are not men whom a rigid.system has separated at the very outset from society, putting them in a seminary as soon as they have left the nursery, and then involving them in the strict rule of celibacy, which necessarily continues this separation, and makes them live in a world of their own; they Pre men of high general education and solid social position-men who are themselves centres of small circles; they have families and establishments, they are men generally with more or less independent property, often relying on their incumbencies very little for their support. Now, obedience is an excellent thing in its way, but such a class of men as this is hardly made for such leading-strings as Mr. HoPE contemplates. The parochial system, with its modified obedience and acquiescence in a general episcopal superintendence, suits them very well; but they would hardly chime in with this stringent episcopacy. You might as well expect the country squires to live under the direction of the Lord-Lieutenant of the county. There are many beautiful patriarchal pictures which we cannot reproduce at the present day; many primitive scenes and many picturesque models have now disappeared. There is the life in tents, there is pastoral life, there is Eastern. life under the direction of patriarchs, there is Anglo-Saxon life under the direction of Earls or Aldermenk;-these various forms of life, accorapanied with councils, gatherings of sages, deliberations held under the shade of renowned oaks, and other venerable associations and appendages, have all happily vanished. This idea of an episcopate, which orders the clergy about so conveniently at all hours of the day, if it ever existed at all except in books of Christian antiquities, certainly never had any hold on this country. Our clergy would exhibit rather a-, awkward and grotesque picture under such a rule_ They have their own mode of doing things and fulfilling their public duties; they have their standard of service and usefulness, but they are by no means prepared for an exhibition of such primitive obedience. There are very few traces of such an inclination even in our High Church clergy, who invariably take their own line on all occasions when it suits them, and resist Bishops to the teeth ifj they enjoin or advise anything they at all dislike. Our clergy, whether High Church or Low Church, like any other class of respectable men who have not lived under any great pressure of authority, have a great and wholesome idea of hasing their ownway upon their own ground. This may be very wrong, a violation of all counsels of perfection, and a departure from the salutary injunctions of Fathers, Doctors, and Councils ; but so it is, and so we trust it will continue. In the meantine we may take advantage of such slight modifications of the existing system as the one which Lord SITAFTrESBRY proposes, and make particular exceptional arrangements according as the obvious spiritual wants of the population caU for them. This may not be doing all that is desirable, but it is practical Wisdom to do what we can do, though it may fall short of an impossible ideal. Were Mr. HoPs's plan ever so effective and ever so complete, whole fields of obstacles stand in the way of its realization; the traditions of the English Church, the character of our clergy, their social position, their married estate, are all against this conversion of them into spiritual staffs and regiments. It is curious to observe that what change there is in the Church's outward machinery is chiefly in a contrary direction. to this, and exhibits division and subdivision rather than concentration. Dr. HooE0 some years ago voluntarily resigned a position at Leeds not unlike that of Mr. Hope's town-bishop or " head clergy" man ;"-he gave up the vicarage of Leeds, which made all the subordinate churches of Leeds only chapelries in his patronage and under his control, and procured the division of the town into newparishes. This was, according to Mr. HopE7ss idea, giving up his bishopric, yet the step was taken on the ground of ecclesiastical expediency,, and that ground a good and solid one in its way. Machinery and system are very good things, but we must also consider that a modified independence has advantages of its own. A man works with more satisfaction when he has a domain of his ow. Ee has the sense of proprietorship, the pride of authorship, the agreeable consciousness that whatever good is done is of his own doing, and redounds to his own credit; and this feeling is of itself worth a great deal more than any amount of such episcopal supervision as Mr. HoiE would give us. I
COURT CIRCULAR. OSBORNXE, DEC. 16. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort and the Prince oi! Wales went out shooting yesterday morning. Prince Arthur went over to Alverbank to visit Princa Alfred. The Queen and Prince Consort drove out in the afternoon, accompanied by Princess Alice, Princess Helena, and Pricee Leopold. The Prince of Wales rode on horseback. Major-General the Hon. Sir James Searlett and the Rev. G. Prothero had the honour of dining with Her Majesty. Miss Susan Durant had the honour of submitting to Her MAjesty a marble bust of his Highnes Toussoun Pasha, soox of the Viceroy of Egyv.pt.
BOLD SUxG}Cc4 OPERATION.-On the 5th ijst. at noon, there was no smaU amount of excitement exhi. bited in the surgical ward and operating theatre of the r?oyal Infirmary, Edinough, resulting from the expectatioa of a very formidable surgical operation taking place that morning. At 12 o'clock the room was crowded to exoess, and numbers of medical men from aU parts were assembled to witnets it. The patient had for a long period suffered from cancer of the tongue, and Professor Syme had deter. minied upon removing the organ bodily. Shortly aftes 12 o'clook the man wmS led into the tbeatre, placed upon. the table, and quickly rendered powezlern through the potent influence of the chloroform which was aloministered to him. Professor Syme commenced by making a vertical incision throuoh the integument covering the cbin, and then sawed through the lower jaw at the symphasis. The division being made, be next proceeded to ent away the tongue at the very root, close to the hyoid bone. The arerles were quickly tied, the homorrhage was comparax tively little, the man having lostonly a few ounces of bioo& The jaw was again placed together, and the integauient sewed up. The man was actualUy able to walk out of the room. At the olose of the operation Professor Syiei Se. marked that the roemoval of tie toDgue bodily had been successfully performed in Italy, bat the iwxtUi operandi w-a-s of a different nature, the incisions having been made entirely In the throat; but he (Professor Syme) considered that that mode was attended with mnore danger than the one he had chosen to adopt, This operation has never yet been -uerformed in Great Britain, acd should the patint reoiver wbich is earnestly boped and believed, the hiebest praise will be due to Professor Syme for having so skilfully undertaken that which nio surgeon of this country had fornmerly ventured upon. - EdinbwZv.h Adrcrijscr. The Srotmanat Adds :-The patient alked out of the tbeatre speechless, hut gratsful and happy, a:d bas continued welt ever since, being fed wimb a th,be. 11e can now, however, swallow, and geeterdey he fp ke, or rathLr breathed out the aord *- Alilk." li id cheeHul, and gives every hope of thQiough. recovery.
AMIEICA. LIVERPOOL, DEC. 16. ohe United States' mail steamship Atlantic, MEIdridge comnmander, has arrived with advices from New lork to the 6th inst. She has brought 1,700,000 dollars specie on freight and 61 passengers. The Royal mail steamship America, hence, had arrived at Boston. The Neew York Shippintg and C(mmercial Lis of 'the 5th sayis " The week has been a quiet one,-the quietness of stag. stioX. *With the exception of sonne nmovenment in the -breadstuff n,arket, stImnulated by the approaching cessation of canal navigation, trade generally, since our last, has been lnslfferably dulL True, in crdinary seasons, December is always dnsl; but this year in that respeot It may be put dowDs asuigener- The domestio exehinges are in a most 'wretched condition, and until an iinproveLaent is effected in that particular improvemeDt in other things will be slow. What, for instance, can be more rauinously absurd than that In New York fands can only ~be employed at 4 or 5 per oent. discount, and Western funds, difficult to be used In ordinary business achannels, upon any terms? Off 6outh,-the heavy decline in the cotton-rcarket abroad, superadded to their local embarrassments, is operating unfavonrably. Bat we do not learn that aty of the New Orleans banks that have resumed specle payment have been compelled, by the preswure, to axke any steps backward. T'he moneU-market is gradually working easier. Unemployed capital is becoming anute abundant, confidence Is gradually returning, and fist. class businees paper, wBich Is scarce, is wansed at 9 to 12 per cent., while setond-class notes go at 18 to 24 per cent. The stock-market has undergone considerable fluctuation, and the 'bear' party have rather had the advantage. Good dividend-paying railway shares are attracting rather more attention. " The European advices are about as ' bad' as can be, and such being the case we may begin to look for a turn for the better ere long. The mest notable incident of the America's advices uas the relief of the eminent American banking house of George Peabody and Co. by the Bank of England to the extent of 2,000,000, or thereabouts. This news occasioned much talk here, and the general oplnbn of the operation is, that the Bank, to be able to give relief to the amount specified, must be in a tolerably strong condition, quite as strong, proportionably, as the Miessrs.,Peabody must be to obtain so magnifacent a favour, at such a crisis, from the old lady of Threadneedle-street. "SIn exchange there waslittle done for theAtlantic, buyers as well as sellers; waiting for their letters per Ainerica from Boston, which only arrived late last evening. We quote bils on London, 8 to 9 per cent.,; France, 5f. 173c. to 5f. 25c. ; Antwerp, 5f. 2c. to 5f. 25f.; Amsterdam, 41 to 41A; Hambarg, 36A. to 37 ; Bremen, 774 to 78$ ; Franlfort, 41 to 41; and Prussian Thalers, 71* to 72i" The New Yorkc Courier and lDquirer of the same date says - "The rates for foreign exchange yet exhibit marked -contrast, and this will be the case until confidence sball ba restored betvween drawers and buyers. Thus the outside rate for 60-day bills on London is 109l, and while this remains specie will be shipped to Europe. Other drawers are wlling to take 1071, 108, to 109. For bills at short sight 1l *to 2 per cent more Is asked. There is more activity in the market, showing increased ability on the part of remitters; but the operations are mainly confined to first-class bills. We annex the cloeing rates of to-day for remittances per steamer Atlantic of to-morrow :-London, 60 days' sight, 107' to 109'j - short sight, l102. to 1214. " The stock-market had a sudden fali to-day, without any perceptible causes-rsailroad shares suffered more than -others. The amount of produce hold in the interior is very heavy, but the foreign demand for breadstuffs having alrnost ceased, little will be realized from this in freights. Comparei with the close last week, however, we fLnd the market quite as high. In State loans there have been large operations, and a strong disposition shown to invest In the bonds of Mdissouri, Virginia, and Ohio. The rates to-day vary but little from those in our summarylast week." The latest quotations are:- " United States Six per Cents., 1867.8, 109; Ohio Six per Cents., '86, 103; Kentucky Six per Cents., 98 ; Indiana Five per Cents., 8t; Pennsylvania Five ditto, 84; * Virgilaf Six per Cents., 881; Georgia Six per Cents,, V0; Calfornia Sevens, '70, 67; North Carolina Six ditto, 87; Missouri Six per Cents, 78*; Louisiana Six per Cents., 82: Tennessee Sixes, 844- New York Central Railway shares, 73A- New Yorl and Erie Railway shares, 16A; Harlem itailway shares, 81; Beading Railway shares, 52; Hudson River Railway shares, 20s ; Michigan Central Railway shares, 55; Michigan Southern Railway shares, 19}; Panama RaUway shares, 934; Baltimore and Ohio Railway shares, 48.3; Illinois Central Railwray shares, 93; Cleveland and Toledo Rail. ray, 43; Chicago and Rock Island, 75; blilwaukie and illissouri, 32; Galena and Chicago, 72l.'n The demand for railroad funds is extremely limited. In a list of eighty various classes of bonds now on the market we find quotations of prices -offered in only twenty-six cases; the remainder there is no demand for, and prices are merely nominaL The quotations are:- " Erie Railroad Sevens, 1859, 83; Erie Bonds, 1875, 34; Erie Convertibles, 1871, 30; Hudson River Railroad, 1st MOlgorta, 95; Panama Railroad Bonds, 85; Illinois Cen- tbrall:eavens, 85; Now York Central Sixes, 84; PennsylvaniaI CVal Company, 604; Cumberland Coal Company, 104; Delaware and Hiudson Canal Company, 104*." The lNew York Times says .- " There was some disappointment felt among the baIks this morning at the non-receipt of the European mail by the America at Boston. The deoLy materially abridges the time for replying to the correspondence by the Atlantic, sailing at noon to- morrow. Most of the remittances that go forward by this opportunity are in gold, as there is an indisResition among remitters who have the ready cash to buy S0-day bills at present asking rates, with the prospect of 10 per cent, per annum discount on the other sde. Sight and short-sgh; bills are held at rates fully equivalent to the CCSt and expenses of sending the gold itself, The bullion-brokers have been very hulsy, both for this steamner and the Africaw, sailing next Wednesday. Themarket has been cleared of' assayed bars, and most of the sovereigns unsold yesterday were taken to-day at $40 to $4 91.. For American gold coin, shipping parcels, thebrokers areasking 1001 to 100a. Sight bills on Jon1don, 111 to 1114; short-sight Francs, 5.124 to 5-10; Napoleons, gold, In less demand than English coin at the full rates quoted yesterday. We now quote buyers at $3 84 to $3 85; sellers at $> 86 to $3 87. "i Sr. Paul Spofford having resigned the office of President of the Bank of the Commonwealth, Mr. Edward lIaight, late Vice-President, has been appointed President. Mr. Spofford will retain his position as a member of the Board of Dlrectors." A meeting of importers and jobbers of drugs, &C.. held at 4ew York, had adoptod a resolution reIducing the credit system from sLx to four months. The cotton-market continued irregular, with small sales, mainly for shipment. The receipts at the ports were comparatively light, but the stocks were accumnulating. It was difficult to give correct quotations, bDut middling uplands had changed hands at l11c. to Ilio. The market for State and Western flour had undergone a further declino of 20c. to 30c. *eonsequent upon the nnfavourable accounts from Europe and increased receipts. Canadian flour had also receded in value 5 to 10 cents. There was little doing in /heat ifor export but the turn of the market was in favour of the seler. Indian corn was seling at82 to 83 cents for sound Western mixed, and 78 to 86 cents for Southern, according to quality. The market for pork was 50 to 100 cents lower, -with only a limited demand. Beef continued dull. There was a steady demand fortobacco at advancing prices. Ashes were dull, at $6 87ic. to $7 for pot, and at $6 37 ic. to $6 50c. for pearl. Scotch pig iron was lirm but inactive, the sales being confined to small lots at $22 to $26 cash, and $28 to $29 six months. The continued accounts of damage by frost to the growting sugarcane in Louisiana, with considerably reduced estimates of the crop in that State, has tended to strengthen the views of holders, and as they ofiered their stocks less freely, the market preaented a steady firm appearance, notwithstanding the advices per America of theloss of all the recent advance in the London market. For molasses there was only a moderate demand, The market for naval stores was very dull. There was little doing in freights. To London4lour, 2s. ; to Liverpool-flour, Is. 6d. ; cotton, 5-32d. 'BY ELECTIRIO ANrD LXTERNATIONAL TEl.RGRAH.) A serious disturbance had broken out at the Piermiont terminus of the Erie Railroad in consequellce of an attempt to reduce the wages of the navvies and to employ a fresh lot of men. The navvies had fortified the place and were in possession of a gun, which they threatened to use if attacked. A body of police, who were determined to quell the riot, were repulsed. Advices from Yucatan report the ecoture of Sisal by the revolutionists. CaLupeachy was still holding out. The Antelope had arrived at Portland, The American advicee occasioned a deceine in cotton at New Orleans.
FATAL ABERAY WIT} POAcHERS.-On Saturday night week a very serious affray took place betweeu a large number of poachers and the {amekeepers of Dir. Richard Corbet, of Adderley, Shropshire, during whioh one of the keepers, named George Nortoni, was killed. Be has left a wife and two children. On the night in question 16 keepers were watobing at a place caled Child's ErcaQl, when they heard the firing of guns. They pro. ceeded to the spot and came up with a body of poachers above 40 in lumber. The keepers tried to take the poachers into custody, bat they resisted. Durihg the fight the poathers fired several times, and the deceased George Noroaon was k;Ued with a spear. The spears with which the poachers were armed are verv formidable instruments. Arn inquest has since been held at Erc.l1 Heath before Mr. J. A. WVaIni.1ey, coroner, andr the jary returned a verdiot of wilful mnurder against John Rlughea, Richard Franoe, and divers other persons to the jurors unknown. Hughes aud France are in custody, and also a muen named Joan Hartis.
THE UNITED ST.A TBS. (FROM OUR OWN COPRE:SPONDPvT NEW YORK, DEc. 5. The municipal elections of last Tuesday terminated the struggle which has for the last siX months given New York over to anarchy and misrule by the election of the Opposition candidate, and we may now hope at a not very distant day to see the necessity of appealing to military force to maintain civil peace at an end. It is now nearly nine months since the present Mayor began his resistance against the State laws. During that time violent crimes have not only been steadily increasing, but have been committed with an incredible impunity and daring in the most frequented thoroughfares. Scarcely a morning, for some weeks during the autumn, went by without the record of a fresh murder or attempt at murder. The streets were frequented by rowdies in gangs, who felt that in the disorganized condition of the poliee they could insult, rob, plunder, or murder without danger of detection; or, when detected, owing partly to the same causes, they felt sure that the punishment would not be meted out to the offence. One night a drunken young rowdy would stab a man in the street at his wife's side; on another night a chance passenger in Broadway would be struck by a stray ball from the pistols of quarrelling rowdies; a third morning one would hear of a policeman being shot down in his rounds by a burglar; and, still again, of drunken Italians murdering a keeper of a drinking saloon while about his usual business in a crowded thoroughfare, and escaping unknown. Without exaggeration it may be said that since the Metropolitan Police Bill came into operation, and the struggles for municipal power began, there has been no such thing as efficient aovernment in this town. On Tuesday last the Wrst election for mayor under the new charter took place. The old mayor was a candidate for reelection. The whole opposition was concentrated upon a single candidate; the contest was more bitter and personal than ever before known, aud resulted in the defeat of the present encumbrancer, in a poll of 84,000. We can now once more hope to see order restored, and a government given us worthy of the commerce, wealth, and culture of New York. Many of the outgoing officers were originally Irish peast emigrants, and some of them are still so illiterate as to be scarcely able to read or write. Under such officers corruption of all sorts has thrived and fattened, taxes have increased, and dishonesty in public matters was openly practised and winked at. The day after to-morrow Mr. Buchanan is to meet his first Congress. Unless the delay in organizing Is greater than is anticipated, the next packet will take you the Message. It is not worth while, therefore, to speculate much upon its contents. Kansas is once more the topic most engrossing the public attention. The over-adroit movements of the Southern members of the Constitutional Convention have produced a profound feeling in the Northern mind, which is manifesting itself in a marked manner in the press and in the conduct of several of the leading Democratic senators. The Administ-ration will support the action of the Convention as the only legal expression of the public opinion of the terTitory. Governor Walker, himself is opposed to this course, and it is understood that he will be sustained in these views by Mr. Douglass and by other of the leading Northern Democratb. The leadlng Democratic press of the North, also, with few exceptions, repudiates the dishonest course of the Convention, and everything now promises a warm time when Congress comes together. Once more the wounds of " bleeding Kansaa" must pour themselves forth on the floors of Congress-thls time, it is to be hoped, in the person of no vicarious senator. On the contrary, zturdy, tobacco-chering Democrats have taken the matter in hand, who caa neither be struck with impunity nor beaten down if resisting. It seems to be generally supposed that the President will adopt the non-committal policy of sending the action of the Convention to Congress without a recommendation either way, leaving that august body to fight the matter out among themselves. Mr. Buchanan's Administration will have troubles enough of Its own in dealing with the hybrid States of Central America, without going much out of its way about the Kansas constitution ; and, if there be any superfluous vigour, Utah will afford a profitable field for its distribution. There is nothing new in financial matters. This market is quietly plethoric and inert. The panic put a stop to all enterprise, and now the gold quietly accumulates in the v&aults of the ban'ks without finding use. The last statement showed nearly $25,000,000, a larger aumn than ever before known. The outward-bound steamers are now taking it away. The high rate of interest In London is attracting oar capital there, as the high rates at which bills are held make shippe prefer gold.
TFE MA SSA CRE AT CA WNPORB. The following is an extract from the letter of an officer of the Madras Fuileers - " Cawnpore, Oct. 28. -I went the other day to see the house of horrors where the unfortunate women and ohildren were massacred. At the entrance I found a gibbet, and under It the carcass of a wxetch who hai just been hanged as a spy. " It is a small brick building built in a squre, the rooms opening into a small court-yard in the centre. The place is still strewn with fragments of clothes and lots of shoes. The walls in places ate sprinkled with blood, and the mats on the floor appear to have been drenched with it. On carefully examining the walls I found scratohed on the plaster behind a door the followlsg-wrl,ten apparently by the wife of a European soldier, of whom there were several shut up there:- "'Countrymen and women, remeraber the 15th of July, 'o7, Your vwives and families are here In misery and at tthe disposal of savage3, who has ravished both young and old, and then kUled u;. Oh ! oh! My child I my ohild! Countrymen, revenge it!' I don't think anything would appeal so strongly to the feelings of our countrymen at home as this simple statement of misery. It is expressed and spelt as above, and seemed to have been soratched with the point of a knife. The walls of the little room where it was written were spattered with blood, and the plaster out in several places with swords. " I went to see the Intrenchment where Wheeler defended hiruself so long. It is a low mud bank about three feet high, surrounding two large buildings that vrere formerly hospitaLs. The walls of these are literally riddled by round shot, and the roofs of both have fallen in. It seems quite miraculous, when you look at the wretohed defonce, how men could have held out one day, much less many days, against a host well armed, and provided with big guns and every requisite material. They must have been arrant cowards-as, indeed, we know they were-for they never dared to come out into the open, but fired from the cover of some half-finished barraoks near theintrenchment. If with the small force we have had hitherto we have been able to command victory, what will it be when England's armies now arriving march through the country! In six months India will be more entirely in our power than it has ever been before."
THE NEhw OATHS BILI~.-The following iS a summary of the provisions of the new Bill on Oaths o£ MIembers of Parliame=t, brought in (for the relief of conscientious Jews) by Mr. Fitzroy, Lord J. Pussell, and Mr. Abel Smith. It is enacted (the preamble reciting the expediency of substituting one oath for the triple oath of "allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration") that instead of these oaths the following oath shall be taken and subreribed, viz.:"I A. B. do swear that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and will defend her to the utmost of my power against all conspiracies and attempts wLatever whicL shall be made against her person, Crown, or dignity, and I will do my utmost endeavour to disclose and make known to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, all treasonsand traitorous conspiracies which may be formed against her or them; and I do tatthfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the ntmiost of my power, the succession of the Crown, which succession, by an Act, entitled ' An Act for the further Limitation of theCrown, and better securingthe Rights and Liberties of the Subject,' is and stands limited te the Princess Sophia, Electress of 'Hanover, and the heirs of ber body, being Protestants, hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedlence or allegiance unto any other person claining or pretending a right to the Crown of this realmll; and I do declare that no foreign Prince, person, prelate, State, or potentate hath or ought to have any jurisdiction, p)wer, superiority, pre-eminence, or authority, ecclesiastical or spiritual, directly or indirectly, withtn this realm (and I make this declaration upon the true faith of a Cbristian). So help rme God." The name of the S srereign for the time being is to be used ia the oath where tie iamtue of her present Majesty is expressed or referred to. fie form of affirmation for Quakers i4 to t e retaincd. The 5tlh clause enacts that persons of the Jewish persuasien, a hen taking the above oath, mnay omit the (to thenO o:i twnons words " and I make this declaratioa upOn the tvus fait,1 of a Cbristian." The declaration set forth in the Act or theSth and 9th of Victoria, cap. 52, may be takin by Jews it certain other cases where a deolaratio%4 is re'nimd, as in cases of municipal offices, &c. The prebe at Act, however, will n,t enahlA J'ews to hold the office of T .orr Chiollor tot ()tCret Britpon or Ireland), or that of Y,ord.Lif,ute.v of Irelasi, or,eputy Governor of Irelat J, oer t1-Y.tOf tbfi tlloyal; Hi k7 1 mlnmissioner to the Gene ral ta5p. rwehly,o~ the lirk ';9scta:zid, or the office of V qard' I d,es of tb azlitd lin'gdolm, or that of T ,egerA Af.
iMONBY-MARKBTad OITYIN-BLL1GNCpJ. The EnglistL fund s opened aWeduesday Evening. The Englih fnds opened steadily to-day at the quotations of last evening, and subsequently showed increased firmness. The first transactions in Consols for January were at 91R to : ex. dividend. From this they temporarily receded to 91i, but at the official close they had again recovered to gig to i, and there were subsequently buyers at 91R. Bank Stock left off at 217 to 219 ; Reduced, 91J to i; New Three per Cents, 91R to i; India Bonds, 35s. to 25s. discount; i andExcheqaer-billg, 4s. discount to par. IThe strong tone of the stock-market to-day was caused by an impression that, owing to the large and steady influx of gold at the Bank of England throughout the past week, the returns to be made up this evening will prove very favourable, and that a reduction in the rate of discount may shortly be expected. The two millions of over-issue, however, still remain to be repaid, and, although the banking reserve is doubtless approaching a point to admit of that sum being safely witedrawn from it, great caution will necessarily be exercised by the directors before they give up, by reducing their rate below 10 per cent., the power of retracing their steps. According to the Indemnity Bill just passed they will have at their discretion the privilege of overissue uxntil 28 days after the 4th of February next, provided no reduction of their rate of discount shall have been made meanwhile. They may caneel the existing over-isste at any time, and may again resort to it at pleasure if their rate has not been lowered; but that measure once taken the indemnity will cover nothing further, aud they must henceforth conform to the ordinary conditions of the Act of 1844. In the Stock-Exchange there was no alteration in the rates for loans on Government securities, which continue to range between 5 and 7 per eent., according to the term. In the discount-market, however, there has been a further decided tendency to relaxation, and selected bills have readily been negotiated at from SR to 9 per cent. At the Bank of England the demand has consequently been very light. In the foreign stock-market the chief transactions have been in Turkish, which at one period touched 951, but afterwards relapsed and left off at 94- to , or i below the extreme price yesterday. Buenos Ayres officially marked 92, but the closing price was not quite so high. Brazilian :Five per Cents. were negotiated at 96j; Granada New Active, 17i; ditto, Deferred, 4i; Spanish New Deferred, 25k; Turkish Six per Cents., 94i and I; for the account, 95k, 94k, #, and i; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 99R; and Dutch Two.and-a-Half per Cents., 63. The corn-market this morning was without alteration. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 80c. for money, and 67f. for the end of the month, showing an improvement of three-eighths per cent. An impulse is said to have been given to prices by the Bank of France having agreed to advance 2,000,0001. upon the deposit of railway bonds. At Hamburg the rate of discount has receded to 9 per cent. The Exchequer-bills recently isued can be negotlated at 6 or 7 per cent. About 115,0001. of gold was taken to the Bank to-day, of whkich 50,0001. was Russian, The Centurion has arrived from Sydney with 10,000 sovereigns and 107 ounces of gold, together worth 10,4281. A large prr,portion of the 160,0001. brought from Now York by the Niagara consisted of sovereigns which have been taken to the Liverpool branch of the Bank of England. The failure was annotnced to-day of Mr. Edward Smith, a woolstapler, of Bermond&ey, with, it is believed, liabilities of some magnitude. The bills of Messrs. William Cheeseborough and Son, the largest woollen dealers in Bradford, have been returned to-day to a considerable amount. It is believed, however, that the difficulty will be only temporary, that the bils in question relate to a specific transaction, and that the firm hold wool to cover them amply, and which wil be realized forthwith. A general and permanent suspension of their operations is therefore not apprehended. A circular has been issued by Messrs. S. C. Lister and Co., a large woollen firm at Halifax, whose suspension was announced on Monday, assuring their creditors that they are certain of their ultimate ability to meet all claims in full, and that the other concerns in which Mr. Lister is a partner are in a perfectly sound state. Private letters, and also the Mfanchester Examiner, mention that Mr. Yewdall, of Rawdon, near Leeds, a very extensive operator in wools, has found it necessary to obtain indulgence from his creditors. He is said to have had the acceptances of Messrs. S. C. Lister and Co. returned upon him for a heavy amount. A report on the affairs of the Western Bank of Scotland is to be submitted to a meeting of the shareholders to-morrow at Glasgow. It has been drawn up by Mr. James M'Clelland, and will, it is said, give a faithful account of the actual position of the establishnent so far as It could be ascertained from a diligent examination of al the books. The annexed relates to the suspension of Messrs. Wiley and Co., announced yesterday:- " 27, King-streeb, Cheapside, Dec. 16. *Sir,-With reference to the statement in the Mioney Article in Tie Times of this morntng, we beg to state that although it be true that the liabilities of R. Willey and Co. are between 40,0C01. and 50,0001&, the assets of the firm are estimated to avery considerably larger amount; and measues are now in course of arrangement, asseuted to by a very large majority of the creditors, which will doubtless enable the firm to continue their business, to pay their creditors 20sin the pound, and leave them a very considerable surplus. "We trust you wil deem it5but just to give publicity to thls letter in your to-morrowss onetary Artiele. ' We are, Sir, &c., "VAN SANDAU AND CUMING, "Solicitors for R. Willey and Co., and for carxyg into effect the arrgement." The decision in the Court of Common Pleas, described on Friday last, which practically establishes that any person may remove the crossing of a check, and that no banker is iiable for any loss that may arise from his paying it after such erasure across the counter, has caused great uneasiness among all the principal houses in the city. Among the various usages of commerce none has been found of greater service in imparting security to every transaction and removing temptations to frid than that of crossing checks, so as to render it indispensable that they should be paid to some banker, thus preventing their payment on presentation to any one who might purloin or find them. A few years back; the value of the practice was much inured by a decision which invalidated the suppeeed effect of what was called a specific crossing-that is to say a crossing with the name of an individual banker but at the same time the system. in its general form, under which assurance could, be obtained that payment would not be made exeept to some banker, was felt to be so importantlthata statute was framed expressly to settle, as wv supposed, all doubts of its binding nature in ths latter respect. The not unfrequent result, however, has been experienced that the Aettlyriugh an imperfection in its form,has destroyed tha very safeguard it was intended definitively teo establish. The crossing of a check, it has- been e,ecided, does not, according to the Ibasseologr1 of the statute, form part of the bodv vif the c.cck, any alteration in which would be az act of forgery, but is simply a direction which any hr,lder may affix, alter, or cancel at pleRsure, the 'only daty of the banker being to follow any wjcix disection that may m=t have been removed iru t.-j cOmcak at the time of its prepentatiou. The present judgment was delivered by Mr. Justice Cresswell, bat the Lord Chief Justice in concurring 'with it stated that he did so with some hesitation. The matter is of such momenit that there has been a hope the plaintiff would resolve to appeal. After the next meeting of Parliament an amendment of the statute wiU doubtless be proposed, but in that case all business would be subject to continued risk for several months. It would be much better if the matter could be settled by a new trial, and if the plaintiff is indisposed to encounter the possibility of further loss, the conmmercial public, whose question it really is, shotuld subscribe the comparatively trifling amount that would be wanted for the purpose. Some correspondents have suggested the use of checks with printed crossings, that could not be obliterated without destroying other parts; but if the decision latelyarrived at isproperly understood, it gives any one the right to erase a crossing by simply striking his pen through it. The following relates to an application now before the Customs to allow samnples of fine goods from the continent to be forwarded direct to London, instead of being detained for examination at Dover or Folkestone " Sir,-The directors of the South-Eastern Railway Company have pettioned the Commissioners of Customs for permission to bring or carry forward parcels containing samples of fine goods and such articles without examination till their arrival at London-bridge Railway Station. "Importers of silks and fine goods have long had to complain of the want of facility for obtaining their samples with the requisite despatch from the continent, as hatf a day, or even an hour, is of the utmost importance in those matters. The Customs' authorities, however, have not hitherto been to blame, inasmuch as everything depended on the mode of conveyance and the accommodatlen afforded by the railway companies The delay, too, caused at Folkestone and Oover but more particularly at the former port, and the deterlo. ration in value of the whole class of goods represented by the sample from its disturbance and disarrangement by unskilled persons were serious objections. I " The plan now proposed is very simple and quite 'within the power of the proper authorities to grant. The Board of Customs may safely recommend the Treasury to concede the privileges sought, as there is nothing in them which will in any way tend to the risk of the revenue. AU that is asked. is, that they should permit such packages as may contain sample goods and trifling articles to be forwarded by the tidal trains bringing on the continental passengers without examination. The princlple involved is precisely the samne as that in the case of baggage forwaed without examination, there being no greater risk to the revenue in the one thau in the other, whie the facilities afforded to the general trade between this country and the continent would be immense. Sou.e trifling objection may be raised with respect to mere technical matters in the way of reporting the goods as preecribed. But on those points the Board of Customs will not have much trouble, for half an hour's consideration will enable any intelligent officer to originate a system sufficient to meet all the requirements of the law, as well as for the protection of the revenue. For the purpose of carrying out the proposed system to the fullest extent, the South-Eastern Company are about to enter into arrangements vith the Great Northern of France to seware the trarsmisson of goods such as those described with the least possible delay. " OBSERVER." The John Bull sailed this morning for Hamburg with silver valued at 22,0001.; the mail steamer Magdalena to-morrow will take out 10,2001. to BraziL Uetters from Hamburg contradict the recent report of the suspension of Messrs. Heine and Fleischman, and also that of Messrs. Hamilton, Koch, and Co.
REPORTED FAILURBS AT HAMBUI?!. We have been requested by Messrs. Hamilton, Koch, and Co., of Hlamburg, and Heinrich Fried Lawaetz and Koch, of Altona, to give a formal denial to the report which has appeared that their firm had stopped payment. We are also requested by Messrs. Heine and Fleischman to give a similar denial to a similar statement. We do so with great pleasure, and regret that amid the names of so many firms which have been placed in difficulties under the pressure of so heavy a monetary crisis the names of these solvent firms should have inadvertently been inserted.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIAfES. Sir,-We beg as an act of impartiality and justice your Insertion of the following:- In yoar impression of the 15th inst., Mr. Linkiater's statement is reported where he speaks of our liabilities as 13,0001. and our aseets as 2,0001. That statement is completely erroneous. Our liabiities are 8,0001. and our assets 4,30M. As to the remainder of his statement, wo trust our friends and the world will fairly suspend their judgment till we have an opportunity of vindicating ourselves. We are. Sir. vour most nledisA,t --+. C. F. and E. SCHLESINGER.
TO THE BDITOR OF THE TIMES. Slr,-In reply to many inquiries as to the non-arrival of the James Baines and Champion of the Seas at Calcutta, we beg leave to say that, by the extra mail per Orlental, Captain Kissock, of this port, received a letter from a correspondent in Calcutta on whom he has the most perfect reliance, dated November 1, statlng that the Alma mail steamer, which tarrived the day before, had passed the Champion of the Seas between Madras and Calcutta. The succeedlcg mail has brought us letters from our agents in Calcutta, dated the 9th of November, as follows :- "A large fleet of ships has for sometime been outside, detained by calms and northerly Vnds, and, having good reason to suppose that the Champion of the Seas and the James Baines must be close at hand, we applied to Government for steamers to proceed to the SandHeads to towv them In, hut up to the present we are without any reply." On referring to the list of arrivals at Calcutta we find that the Sntlej, which left England on the 22d of July, was the latest arrival of any sailing ship, while the ChampWion of the Seas, which left en the 8th of August, wtas only 83 days out when the Alma passed her close to the Hoogley. Yoors reaneetfulvs. JAMES BAINES3 AD CO. iAverpool, vec. lb.
NARRtow ESCAPE OF AN A gtxRICAx LAKE STzAmER. -The Chicago Journal gives the following narrative of the dangerous storm which overtook the steamer Cleveland on Lake Michigan:-" The steamer left Green Bay on Tuesday, ac 10 a.m., with 15 passengers and a full freight. On her way down she touched at different points, and took on in all about 60 passengers. Everything went on smoothly until about 11 o'clook on Wednesday night, when the blow struck her. She was at tbat time a short dlstance above Milwaukie. The wind and snow raged with fearful violence, and every wave, as it washed into the noble craft, seemed bent on destroying her. Her fires were put out, and it then seemed that destruction was inevitable. Captain Flood, undaunted, however, set about to bale her out, and the passengers and crew, with one dastard exception, took hold, and worked for four hours and a-half. At the expiration of this time the fires were rekindled, and steam once more got up, but the fires were soon put out again. The Dassengers again went to work with a will and baled until 9 or 10 o'clock, when steam was once n,ore got up. They headed for shore and kept on baling in the midst of this terrible storm. Aboxt 3 p.m. they espied, much to their gratification and delight, a chimney, which proved to be in Chicago. At half-past 6 o'clock the steamer reached her docks. Once or tWice during the gale all hopes of ever reaching shore were given up, and a list of the passengers on board was prepAred by the captain to throw overboard. Happily so terrible a calamity was averted. In the nmidst of the unflinching courage displayed on every hand shines still brighter the courage of a woman who was one of the passengers, the brighter, as it stands in contrast with the sheer cowardice ,f a cravensouled man who was aboard. That man was a Frenchman, and not an Englishman, as we stated yesterday. He absolutely refused to work, when a wvoman, which shoald have brought a burning blush of shame upon his cheeks if he was possessed of any manhood, stepped forward and volunteered to take his place. That womran's name was Miss F. lVish. ard, of Atiliwankie. The passengers, however, would not allow her to work. Her noble behaviour upon this occasion 'won for hertheadmirationandesteem of every one on board, 'while the conduct of the Frencimlan provoked just l he oppo. site, and we Ehould not have blamed the crew had they looked upon him as a second Jonah aboard their noble craft.-Neiw York T tines. GALLANT COSDnUC.-Some d1ocu1ments have been sent to us with a view to show the gallant and humane conduct of Captain Percy, of the British brig Jessie, in rescuing the crew and passengers of the American packet sbip Northurberla,-cl, C.p.nin Spencer. The Northumberland left Netw York for England on the 15th of November with a crew of 28 man and 35 passengers, bur met with bad 'Weather on the let of December. A fearful night was passed, and the next morning the vesel was disabled during a heavy gale about 2.000 nuese from New York, and became a wreck. All on board would have been lost had it- not been for Captain Percy, of the brig Jessie, bound to St. John's, Newvo7ndland. Captain Percy, on observing the condition of the Nortbumberland, altered the cousse of the brig, and by his exertions succeeded in saving ovary person on board, W in number. The passengers of the Northamberland al express their gratitude to the captsin (Captain Spencer) for hgt care, sirill, and promptitude in superintending the opuration of lowering those on board into the boats. JtVENIixE P EroynigrTony.-An earnest appeal has bean made to the benevolence of Roman Catholics, in )*half of the institution called St. Mary's Agricultaral oluny, hIont St. Bernards Abbey, Leiesftershire. This Yeformatory institation is capableof accommodating.300bova, but it appears that withintbela-st fort.ighb 10 b.,yscouvicted by loigistrat;s to the colony have been refused admission * b -c use frain wvantof fundaithasnot bean possible to coniplete ~ouildiu i;> cour.se of erection. I. is tstaua tbht tb' appeal, wb hE bas been approved by the Abbot of Mount' it. BernaiaP. Abbey, would not bavo beenu made at tbis crf' ticci time hssi4 It not been absolutely necesskry for thep r Xsent welkg and fhuetu pzsXeets of the colony. -eea
LAUNCHING THB LEVIATHAN. Yeesterday morning this long-protracted operation was resumed, and after some fourhours' hard labour and a dismal succession of misbaps, during which one part after another of the apparatus broke down in the most ignominious manner, the work was discontinued and further proceedings postponed sinedie. The causes which led to this fifth signal failure may be told in the few words that it was almost impossible to make the vessel move at all, and that in the efforts to dp so bydraulic rams, windlasses, and chains, though of the most ponderous and massive construction, were aU broken in regular succession, til scarcely anything of the apparatus was left to continue work. Under such circumstances, therefore, not even a hope was entertained of effecting anything, and by 2 o'clock the attempts were abandoned. What makes the matter worse is that neatly every portion of the powerful gear was broken without producing the slightest effect in the way of movement upon the monstrous vesseL It is quite true that when the efforts were discontinued the signal board showved that the entire bulk had been moved 38 inches, but of this distance 35 inches were made at one slip early in the day, and with comparatively easy or at least reasonable pressure from the launching apparatus. After this, with immense difficulty, and at the cost of some parts of the machinery, another trifling movement of three inches more was got out of her, when she appeared to wedge herself in such a manner that though the most tremendous efforts were subsequently made she remained as firm as a mountain. Some idea of the extent to which the pressure was applied may be gathered from the fact that no less than three hydraulic rams, one powerful crab, or windlass, and the doubled chains which drag her towards the river both at the stem and stern, were all burst and broken. The manner in which each of these gave way showed that the strain they were subjected to was something almost unheard-of in the history of mechanice-in fact, the accident which occurred to the windlass, when a side of its massive iron drum round which the chain was coiled was crushed in like a nut, was not only, we believe, never known to occur before, but until yesterday such a breakage was considered almost impossible. The men, as usual, under the direction of Mr. Brunel, were aU early at their work, but some loss of time was necessarily occasioned in getting such extensive gear into working order, and then at the very commencement it was seen that the vessel was stickin fast upon the ways, and that, if moved at all, the day's work was likely to be a severe one. This was partly attributed to the Leviathan having got completely off the one foot in 10 incline into the one in 12, and no doubt the reduced gradient must to some extent have exercised a retarding influence. But the real reason, we fear, will be found in the fact that the iron bars of the cradles and the railway metals of the ways are both considerably rusted, and that this resistance, added to the immense friction always caused by running iron on iron, offers such a bar to the further progress of the vessel as will require half the hydraulic presses in the kingdom to overcome. The first slip was not effected till the pressure applied upon the cradles and the strain from the river exceeded 2,000 tons, and then, as we have said, she slipped, or rather jerked down 35 inches, the last few inches being gained apparently more from the vibratory motion communicated throughout her entire length than from her own momentum. From a series of calculations which have been made throughout the launcb, as far as it has yet gone, it has been ascertained that the strain requlired to keep her in motion when once started was only 100 tons. Yesterday, however, the calculations based on the rapidity with which her momentum diminished showed that the strain required was more than 250 tons, or one and a-half greater than it has been at any time since the efforts first commenced. After this 35-inch slip the greatest exertions were made to move her, but for a long time without success. During this all the hydraulic rams were taxed to the very utmost, and through the sides of one of ten inches diameter the water was forced through the pores of the solid iron like a thin dew, until the whole cylinder ripped from top to bottorn with a noise like a dull underground explosion. The iron of this cylinder averaged six inches in thickness, and stood a pressure of upwards of 12,000lbs. to the square inch before it gave way. At the same time also the drum of the windlass was crushed in the way we have mentioned. The strain on this was about 100 tons, and the most singular part of the eireumstance is how the chain with which it was dragging the stem of the vessel towards the river moorings withstood the tension. At length, after some delay and immense exertions, a movement of three inches' distance was gained, but more than this it was impossible to effect. The men continued at work till the chains dragging the stem and stern of the vessel to the river, and which were secured to anchors among the piles on the opposite bank of the Thames, were oboth broken away. Two more hydraulic rams were also broken, and the usual average of expensive casualties havino. thus been reached at the early hour of 2 o'clock, the yard was cleared of workmen and the "launching" suspended for the present. The last ram broken was a double one, of two seven-inch cylinders, and with a very long stroke. One cylinder was as usual ripped from top to bottom, and, the whole strain of the compression of the timber being thus thrown upon the other, it forced it slightly out of its hori7ontal position and snapped its piston-a column of iron 7in. in diameter-like a reed. The massive cast-iron slab against which the base of anotber of the rams rested was also split like a board; but this, of course, was a mere bagatelle among the other great mishaDs. which are not nnly expensive in themselves, but by the delays thej give rise to occasion an expenditure in which the cost of their repair is a mere item. No day has yet been named for the renewal of the attempts.
A-upRIc.Ax ViEW OF THuE STATE OF TiE INDLUN MUTINY.-The fuller detaUs of the latest news from India, brought by the Vanderbilt, confirm the substantial value of the successes won by the British before Delhi and Luck. now, and reinforce tbe conviction we have already expressed,tbat the menacing importawnce of the Sepoy revolt has been thorou£hlr dissipated. The inutineers, under the inspiration of their Mahomedan leaders, nmade this outbreak from the first a contest of race with race. They challenged the superiority of the rulers to whom, for a century, they and their fathers had submitted. Doubtless many recollections of the Affghan disasters, and many vague impressions of the checks inflicted upon the ever-victorious English in that great Russian -war, of which vague historles were transmitted to Bengal along the mysterious channels which penetrate and permeate the societies of Asia, mingled in the minds of the soldtery of India with the instigations of the Oudean aristocracy, upon whom events are more and soore distinctly fasteniDg the cbief responsibUity of the rebellion. But, by whatever motives excited, and animated vwith whatever bopes, it is certain that the mutineers of Meenrt, the defenders of Delhi, the assassins of Futteyghur and Cawvpore, folly counted upon humiliating the "narrow-souled, yellowfaced infidels," upon routing them in the field, upon disgracing them in defeat. These expectations have been signally disappointed, and in this disappointment ungland has made herself mistress of the position. This cardinal point has been won, too, mnre rapidly and with a less exhausting display of power than was anticipated even by the m=4t sanguine of Englikh statesmen. That the English armies in India, however smaU theiz numbers, would be able to hold their own until the arrival of reinforcaments from home was conceded from the first by all who possessed any propier intelligence of the relative values of the oppositg parties, and any authentic information of the general attituedo of thecountry. Bnt tbe Englmsh Drmies in India were not content w-th hoiding thesr own, They assaulted the mutiny In its centre at Delhi, besieging a garrison of quadrunle their own strength, and finally tak-ing the ce-y by storm after a sangninary contest of nearly a 'we,k with a greatly superior force, in the streets and eqvwvi of a bostile capttal, and under a September sun. Thi' repaired tbe errors of incompetent commanders along a.)ie of nearly UO0 miles, and succeeded in so balancing tl'.e scale of chances in their favour at an earlv stage of tb s disturbances as to cominand the adbesion of all the nativie princes most icoportant to their cause. And, finatly, a e the expirrtion of a little more than four months from the beginning of the troubles, they bad virtually restored the. threatened aspremacy of their race throughout the PenO osula, and were only awaiting the arrival of the great arm ament despatched to their asslstance to complete the greht, work so nobly begisu.-Ncwv York Timnes. ROYAL Cor.:tioi or SuRnomN'S.-The following gentlemen hav'icg undergone the necessary examinations for the diploma 'were admitted members of the College at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the Ilth inst.:yeSs"s- C0 eorge Bentley, Halstead, Emsex; Pierce Morris Cresble, Tralee, county of Kerry; Wilton Everet, Stepney; rWillia as Henry Smith, Clauharn-road; Robert Luther Bag. IeY, Y,igubrook, Hereford ; John Soden, llohill, county of rm, Edward Wynne Thomas, Os-estry; James G Alloway, Penrith, Cumberland; anad Richard 'Iorris, Al'esystwitb. The following gentlemen have just passed the preliminary examtnation (tn classics, mathematics. and oIpreach) for the Fellowship of tei College :-M1 srs ^Ime. I lerbert Browne, West street, Brighton; Frederick Fav. ona |Lee, Charles-street. Trovor-square ; Francls blason, BedJord-place; ans Wslter C,i]sou Walford, Carmbridge. LOSDnOS GENEILAL Oas-IBnuS Ooh.rrASy.-Tric receipts forthie week endlng Deeeinb9 12 ),,1!, x.s, i0 da
MILITARY ANB-AXYAAL INTELLTGNOBE. Lieutenant Duncan Charleo Home, who with Lieutenant Salkeld so highly distingnished himslf at the aSSault of Delhi, was the eldest surviving son of Major-General Richard Home, of the Bcngd army, and was born at Jubbulpore in 1828. He joined the army wider Major-General Whish before Mooltan in 1848, and wben lately in charge of the Ist dividon of the Baree Dooab canal he organized a body of three companies of Sappers from the workmen (MU-nbees) under his command, and in July joined the army before DelhL On the arrival of General Nicholson's force he was charged with the construction of one of the first breaching batterfes on the right, and afterwards constructed the battery nearest the city from which the NVater-bastion was breached. He remained in charge of this battery unti the assault. When under a murderous fire from an open wicket he succeeded In afixing the powder bags to the Cashmere-gate Oix out of 12 of this advance party were shot down, and in firing the train the lamented Salkeld lost his lifeAfter gaining an entrance to the city Lieutenant Home, one of the few fit for duty (nine out of the 17 Engineer (fficers who went into action having been killed or vwounded), was attached to the third column, and to him was assigned the duty of blowing in the Palace-gate, where his uncle, Mr. Simon Fraser, Commissioner of Delhi, one of the first victims of the mutiny, met his death. On the evacuation of the city by the rebels Lieutenant Home was attached to the movable column under General Greathed, and after a sharp action with the mutineers at Bolandshuhur, was left with Lieutenant Lang, of the Ensineers and two companies of the Sappers, to destroy the defences of the fort of Malaghur. In the performance of this duty the fatal accident occurred which terminated his promising career. This sadevent cannot be better described I han by quoting the words of his companion, Lieutenant Lang, writing, on the day it occurred, to his younger brother, Lieutenant Robert Home, of the Engineers, now serving at Sarempore :- For the last three days we have lived in the fort, blowing up and destroying its defences. Yesterday and to-day he had exploded five mines with his own hands. One important one only remained to blow in the countersearp, and thus connect the exterior with the interior of the fort. He laughed as he called to us to clear away. I scrambled up a ruined bastion, and saw hin run up to the slow match with the port-firein hisband. Heaven only knows how, but instantaneously, to our extreme horror, the mine sprung. We rushed down and set the men to dig, but on looking about I discovered yonr brother's body about 15 yards off. Life was quite extinct, and fortunately so, as both legs were broken and his arm almost torn from the body. Poor fellow! Think of his escaping unhurt from the Cashmere gate, where he and Salkeld earned the Victoria Cross; nowv to meet his death in this manner. It only remains to add that, from the kinuness of his disposition' unassuming manners, and high principles he won the esteem and regard of all who knew bim, and that his untimely death Is most deeply and sincerely regretted." The steamship Argo, Captain Benson, with upwards of 800 troops on board for India, has not sailed yet from Portsmouth. On the ship being ready to haul off the dockyard jetty and out into the stream, preparatory to the start, it was discovered that the medicine-chest had been sent from London to Plymouth, instead of Portsmouth, and that one of the largest detachments (71 men of the 13th Light Infantry), quartered at Pembroke, had been forgotten in the issue of the "routes" to the other detachments; and thus at least a couple of days delay in the despatch of the vessel is occasioned. The detachment is expected at Portsmouth to-day, and if tbey arrive the Argo may put to sea to-morrow. As Plymouth lies between Pembroke and Portsmouth, it would have been a " business" way of remedying the above blunders had the Argo, 'when all else were on board, been ordered to pick up the missent medicine-chest at Plymouth, on her way out, at which place the detachment from Pembrolke might have been telegraphed to embark In her, thus both time and money (about 1,0001.) might have been saved. The Argo will go away with nearly 1,000 persons on board. The steamship Sabrina, Captain Staveley, arrived at Cork on Monday morning with the depot of the 13th Light Infantry, which she had embarked at Pembroke Dock on Sunday morning. The dep6t consists of 2 captains, 2 lieutenants, 2 ensigns, 8 sergeants, 10 corporals, 4 buglers, and 112 rank and file, under the command of Captain Robert Peel. They are to be attached to the Indian battalion at Fermoy. The Cork Steamship Company's vessel Preussisher AdlerCaptain Tooker, arrived at Queenstown from London and Plymouth on Sunday evening, having on board the depOts of the 33d and 89th Regiments, which she had embark'ed at Portsmouth. The depOt of the 33d consists of five officers aud 62 non-commissioned officers rank and file, under the command of Brevet-1Major Thomas Wicicham, and that of the 89th comprites five officers and 75 non-commissioned offlcers and rank and file, under the command of BrevetMajor John AL Cuppage. Both depOts are to join the Indian battalion at Fermoy. The service companies are now at Bombay. The number of recruits continuing to arrive at Chatham for the purpose of joining the varions Indian depOts at that garrison is very large. At a late hour on Tuesday night about 100 arrived at Chatham Barracks from the recrulting districts in the north, principally for the depOts attached to the 1st and 2d battalions. Colonel George Holland, of Soutbsea, Hants, died yesterday morning, in his 72d year. He was a gallant and experienced Indian officer, was engaged as a Sapper and Miner in the fortification of Delhi, and was for many years subsequently on the Staff in India. He dies universaly respected, and leaves two gaUlant sons,also in the Indian army, one of whom narrowly escaped massacre after being out. from his horse and dreadfaUy mangled, In his endeavour to escape the hands of the Sepoys in the early part of theIndian military rebeDlion. The Serpent, 12-gun sloop, was taken out of dock yester, day at Portsmouth, in order to be moored up the harbour as a target for the gunnery practice of Her Majesty's shipExcellent. The Locust, 3 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieuton ant and Commander John B. Field, arrived at Sheerness.at 11 a.m. yesterday, from Scotland, where she bas been. on. particular service. The Lords of the Admiralty have directed the follbw-. irg steamvessels, now at Sheerness, to be immediately fitted for the first-olass steam reserve-viz., the Terrible, 21 guns, paddlewbeel steam frigate, In charge of Chbef. Engineer Andrew Douglas; the Snake, 4 guns, sewewsteamvessel; and the Scout, 21 gbs,j new screw seteam corvette. The Snalke was taken into tbe fittig basin at Sheerness. yesterday, to be masted and rigged, and to recelvetanl her, sea stores, &c. The select committee of WooMeich Arsenal lmve ap. pointed to-morrow for the second ecperimental trial of tho 36-inch mortar constructed by Mr. Mallet for. Government. At the former trial the huge weapon vras sonmewhat injured, and a slight rent discovered in the cbainber segmcnt. To guard against any casualty resulting. from an accident to the mortar on this occasion, when t'e. charges of powder (it is understood) are intended to ha considerably. augmented, the firing wil be conductei- by galvanic battery. Thewholo of the sheles destined opr-theexperL meats to-morrow have been painted onQ.hxlf* white, so that the object may be clas- discerned u lngit3 flight., thrcgh the a1z. ler Majesty's paddlewbeel steam slc-oa Arden.1, Com. mander J. IL Cave, was yesterday moniing inspected in Woolviich basin by Commodore Sbepher&, and sarled thenee, for Greenhitho, to adjust compasses p:--paatory to sailing fo!r the West Coast of Afriea. The padMlewheel steam. sloop Bar2"uta w=s yesteoraytaken into baein ar Woowich to be eaired and brought, forward far servic-. The Rev. .D.r. Woolley, the .dniralty- I=spemtsr of Schools, has been engaged at ChatM a for a few days; pasL in inspecting the school for appsaatices i; tho C%atban, dockyard and the other AdmLi-ty. sehQDls at Chatham Yesterday the schools for th, cabildrenr of the non-com. nuissioned offIcers and privates. s the Chatham Diviion of Royal Marines were inspecteeiby. Dr. WTiolley, and all tha scwvols were faornd in a thor.*agthly eSaie.nt vorking coaditin. Captain Frederick Hutt'sN is t(k b sa- the good Eervice pen.t Bioa at the disposal of the Mrst Lo .d of the Admiralty bh the promotion of Captain, llji&IA ILamsey to flag rank. Captain Patey has Un ap-,,ointed Superintendent e, Packets at Southampt4a in the place of Rear-Admiral W. Ramsey. The followirg aqsLointme ats have been made at the Admiralty :-Alfre4Narrev, Paymaster to the SwaUow ; W. Stevens, Payunastet.o the Cambridge; W. Johnson, Paymaster to the V!Aory; W. E. Kelly, Paymaster to tho Alelampus; W. t. Scol,t, Assistant-Pa3nmaster in charge to the Buffalo Q, Princ', CIork to the Curacoa; W Rhodes. Clerk to the Culypso; lb. W. Billings, Clerk to the Lynz. THE MILITIA. The 2d. West York Regiment of embodied militia will arrive ha Port'mouth garrison this day for duty. They will be quailere.i in Anglesey ard Camhridge Barracks. TIrE AMEICCAN DIAILS.-SOXlTEA30rox, Wednesdsv.-The United States' mail steamship Arago, Captain Liies, arrivsd frome Hlavre lt night, and sailed hence to-day for New York wvith the usual French and English rails, 70 pasengers, and about '250 tone of French and English merchandise. The Joshna, Captain Fowler, is now Ising in the dock, preparing to leave for S~ydney, Newr Soutis Wales, omi the 2lit inst,} with. GoYetwuent eeigauta.
.DBSPATCH FROM G&NERAL HA BLOCK AT LUCKNOW. GADIER-UF-NFAL kiAVELOCK TO THE CnpF 02 THE STAFF TO T1E COMMANDEB.INCHIEF. (From a Sup.pkment to Tuesday'a Gtctte.) (Received by Telegraph from Cawnpore.) Lucknow Resldency, Sept. 30. Major-Goneral Sir James Outram having, with charac. teristio generosity of feeling, declared that the command of ,the force should remain in my hands, and that he would accompany it as Civil Commissioner only, nntil ajunctioncould 3e effected with the gallant and endaring garrison of this place.I have to request that you will inform his Excellency the Commander-in-Chief that this purpose was effected on ihe evening of the 25th inst. But I must first refer to antecedent events. I crossed the Sye on the 22d inst., the ,bridge at Bunneo not having been broken. On the 23d I found rmyself in the preseneo of the enemy, who had taken a strong position, his left posted in the enclosure of the Alum Bagh, and his centre and right on low heights The head of my column at first suffered from the fire of his guns, as it was compelled to pass along the Trunk-road between morasses, but as soon as my regiment could be deployed along his front, and his right enveloped by my left, victory decided for us, and we captured five guns. Sir J. Oatraru, with his accustomsed gallaatry, pressed our advance close down to the canal; but, as the enemy fired with his artillery and with guns from the city, it Was not possible to maintain this or a less advanced position for a time, but to bocome* necessary to throw our right in the Alum Bagh, and restore our left, and even we were incessantly can. nonaded throughout the 24 hours, and the cavalry, 1,500 strong, swept round through lofty cultivation, and the sudden interruption uponour baggage massed in our rear(sic 25n orig.). The soldiers of the 90th Regiment, forming baggage. guard, received the cha.ge with gallantry, and lost some brave officers and, men, shooting down, however, 25 of the troopers, and putting the whole body to flight. They were finally driven off by two guns of Captain Olphert's battery. The troops had been marching three days, under a perfect deluge of rain, irregularly fed, and badly housed in viUlages; it was thought necessary to pitch tents, and permit them to halt on the 24th. The assault on the city was deferred until the 25th. On that morning our baggage and tents were deposited In the Alum Bagh, under an escort, and we advanced. The lst Brigade, under Sir J. Ontram's personal leading, drove the enemy from a succession of gardens and walled enclosures, supported by the two brigades which I accompanied. Both brigades were established on the canal, at the bridge of the Char Bagh. From this point the direct road to the Itesidency is a little less than two miles, but it was known to have been cut by trenches, and crossed by palisades at short intervals, the houses also being all loop. holed. Progressin this direction was opposed, so the mnited volumn pushed and deployed ,along the narrow road which skirts the leit bask of the canal. Its advance was not seriously interrupted.until it came opposite the King's Palace, or;Eis. surah Bagh, where two guns and a body of mercenary troop, were intrenched. From this intrenchraent a fire of grape and 3musketry was poured, under which nothing could live. The &rtiWery and troops had to pass a bridge partially under its indfluence, but were then shrouded by the buildings adjacent to the palace of Fhureed Buksh. Darkness was coming, and It was proposed to hat within lhe court of this Mehal for the night; but I esteemed it to he of such importance not to leave this beleaguered garrison, knowing that succour was at hand, that I ordered the main hody of the 78th Highlanders and the regimenb of Feroze. pore to advance. This column rushed on with a desperate . . . . by Sir J. Outram and myself, Lieutenants Hudson and Harhlood t of my staff, and, overcoming every obstacle, esta. bLlished itself within the enclosure of the Residency. The . . . garrison may be more easily conceived than described; but It was not untll the next evening that the whole of my troop, guns, tumbrils, and sick and wounded, continually exposed to the attack of the enemy, could b9 brought step by step withintthis enclosure and the adjacent palace of Fbureed Buksh. To form a notion of the obstacles overcome a reference must be made to the events that are known to have occurred at Buenos Ayres and Saragossa; our advance was through streets of flat-roofed and loopholed houses, each forming a separate fortress. I am fiUed with surprise at the success of operations which demanded the efforts of 10,000good troops; the advantage has cost us dearly. The killed, wounded, and missing-the latter being wounded soldiers, who, I regret to say, have faUen into the hands of a merciless foe-amount to 464 officers and men. 'Brigadier-General Weil, commanding 1st Brigade; Major , commandlng Artillery; Lieutenant-Colonel Bazely, a volunteer with the force, are kIled. Colonel Campbell commanding 90th Infantry ; Lieutenant-Colonel Tytler, my Deputy-Assistant Qaartermaster-Gexeral, and Ideutenant Havelock, my tDeputy-Assistant Adjutant-General, are severely, but not dangerously, wounded. Sir James Outram received a flesh wound In the arm in the early part of the action, near Char Bagh, but nothing would subdue his spirit; and, though faint from lose of blood, he continued to the end of the operation to sit on his horse, which he only dismounted at the gate of the Residency. As he has now assumed the command, I leave to him the narrative of aU events subsequent to the 25th inst. H. HAVELOCK, Brigadier-GoneraL I Note made at Calcutta; Query ?1 "It became necessary to throw our rigbt, &c., end retMre our left. t llovelock ?
UVIVEBTSITY INBLLIGB2VCE, - - _ CX-MIBRIDGE. DEC. 16. x. as n-oyai tiigoness the Prince Consort, ChanceUor of lhe University, being pleased to give annually a Gold Medal for the encouragement of English Poetry, the Vioe-Chan. callor has given notice that the prize will be given this year to such resident undergraduate as shall compose the best poemn on "Delhi." N.B.-The Exercises are to be sent in to the Vice-Chancellor on or before March 31, 1858, and are not to exceed 200 lines in length. II. The Most Noble the Marquis Camden being pleased to give annually a Gold Medal as a prize for the best Exercise in Latin Hexameter Verse, theVice-Cancellorhas given notice that the subject for the present year is, " Afrim mdia .Briftannis pulefacta." N.B. -The Exercises are to be sent in to the Vico-Chan. cellor on or before Maroh 31, 1858, and are not to exceed 100 lines in length, All undergraduates who shall have resided not less than two terms before the day on which the Exercises must be sent in, or who shall at least be then in the course of thelr second term of residence, may be candidates for this mnedaL. lIL. The Representativesln Parliament for the University being pleased to give annually 1. 'fwo prizes, of 15 guineas each, for the encouragement of Latin Prose Comaposition, to be open to aU Bachelors of Arts, without distinction of years, who are not of sufficient standing to take the Degree of Master of Arts; 2. And tvwo other prizes of 15 guineas each, to be open to all Undergraduates who shall have resided not less than seven terms at the time when the Exercises are to be sent in ; The Subjects for the present year are, 1. For the Bachelors,-" Quidnamr commsodi popius cp*iciurarum et statuarmun studio perciperepossit." 2. For the Undergraduates,-" Omnis fere error verum vtiddam simudnt." N.B. The Exercises are to be zent in on or before April 30, 1858. IV. Sir WiUiarm Browne having bequeathed three gold maedals, of the value of five guineas each, to such resident undergraduates as shall comoose *- 1. The best Greek Ode inImitation of Sappho. 2. The best Latin Ode in imitiation of Horace. 3. The best Greek Epigram after the rmodel of the nathtolgia, and the best Latln Epigram after the model of The subjects for the present year are * 1. For the Greek Ode,-" 1jL honox-em nFostrai'ium qui nsupei- in Indid sep)tentrionai mo0rtem77, loser- pugnantes 2. For the Latin Ode,-" BRepin=c augustissimce ob jUice ssatu maxitaze nupt iasfelices gratulatur Academia." 3. For the Greek Epigram,-" 2vJf ,CiEveuvov yepag." 4. For the Latin Epigram,-" Yersat sazum sudans nsitendo, sneqsue proficit hiluma." N. B. The exercises are to be sent in on or before AprU 30,1858. TheGreek Odeisnottoexceed25, northelatin Ode 30 stat,zas. The Greek Ode must be accompanied by ilteral Latin prose version. The subject for the Porson Prize for the present year Is Shakespeare,-iKeasurefor Mcassure, act 2, scene 2,-" Your brother is a forfeit of the law," to the words, " That's well said.", N.B. The metre to bo Tragioum Iambinom Trinetrum Acatalecticum. These exeroises are to be accentuated and accompanied by a literal Latin prose version, and are to be sent in on or before Mareh 31, 188. There wil be Congregations on the following days of the ensuing Lent Term:- Saturday, January 80 (B.A. commencement), at 10. Thursday, Februtary 11, at 1L. Wednesday, February 17, at 1 (Ash Wednesday). Thursday, March 4, at 11. Friday, Mfarch 19 (?L.L inceptors), at 10. Friday, March 26 (end of term), at 10.
[Advertisement.]-Every inch a Woman.-The great ebaumeter of Joeeobine, in Mr. Cbarleai Reade's new novel,A "Wlte ee." s not an indda, It is a whole ewx, painted by a master ban;d. Wite Liec" is a story with a noble moral, none the less likeJytodo good that Ilies In thle heart ofthe Pary, and in not tedlt ouwly paraded. Pobliahed by Trnlhner and Co., Patesnoster-row, in the Pertianeut forrm and p~s03vl.1gm, (Advertisement j~d. itBook.-" The Hrun&nL Mlfnd, II. Acquiremnt Sn koy"b . W. Jolom, A'aIborof "The Mlarvels of Scec. I o eay n2 vols., bnd may be had of Rll la~oksoeucrs and ata'teUbals The knowledlge of man Is aW the wat~rs~-sonm dernigfrmaoe ome springing from hone,rh M7!theoeInOr,e btsllh tnl the other inspird by ThrLa,1. ro atIo.".Bsn hae J lko,'ing WIlliani.street,
JUDICIAL COMMITTBE of X PMrTy COUNCIL, Dec. 16. HOW AND ANOTEER V. KICHE1 AND OTERS. (Before Zord WENSLBYDAL, Mr. PlME1RTON IEGH, and Sir W. MAULE.) sj-t WZs cnhe rntuL Wue OuPreme Uourt of New South Walesa The present respondents were the plaintiffs in the court below, and brough. the action to obtain possesion of certain goods consigned to them by Dickson and Co., of Glasgow, under hiUls of lading of which they wter the holders. On the arrival of the goods in question at Sydney the defendants, the present appellants, who ar the owners of the ship Alan Kerr, by which they 'were conveyed, refused to deilver them to the plsintiffs until the freight had been paid. It was stated in each of the bills of lading that the freight "was to be paid by the shippers," and that it was "payable one month after sailing, ship lost or not lost ;" and it was admitted that no freight had been aid. The Court below held that the amount contracted to e paid under the bills of lading was not freight, that it was payable by the consignors not by the consignees, and that the special agreement contained in the bills of lading was so inconsistent with the very nature of lIen as to exclude the common law right which the shipowner usually enjoyed for goods carried by hin. On these grounds judgment was given for the laintiffs. Against that decision the defendants, Messrs. Wvow, now appealed on the grounds that the moneys payable for the conveyance of the goods were both In fact, and in law freight, and that whether they were freight or not the shipowners were entitled to detain the goo until such moneys were paid. Sir F. Thesiger and Mr. Ayrton were heard for the ap. pellants; Mr. Manisty, Q.C, and MIr. H. James for the respondents. Lord WENSLEYDALu said, there was no doubt the shipowner had a lien upon the ces.go unless he had entered into an agreement at variance with that lien, such as a contract for payment after the sailing of the ship, Instead of after theodelivery of the cargo. Their lordships were of opinion that by the contract into which the shipowners had entered in this case, their lien was taken away, and that the jTdgment of the Court below must be affinned witUh The Jndiclal Committee will not sit again until Feb.
ZA W REPO2RT. COURT OF CHANCBRY, LNcoLN's-nW. DEC. 16. IN BANKRU1PTCY. (Jefore the LOXD C,'CELLOR and ahe Loais JUSIORS of APPEAT.) -Ns rA±'JA BISRCH.-IN RE THaxE W LSH rOTOSI 7HAD AID COPPEIR MINING COMPANY (Lmnrsn). This was an appeal from an order of Mr. Commissioner Fane, pl;cing the name of Mr. Birch on the lst of contribu. tories to the abovenamed company in respect of certain shares held by him before the partnership had been registered under the last Joint-Stock Comapanies Registration Act, 1856. Mr. Birch had relinquished his shares in accordance with one of the rules of the company, which, it will be recollected, was founded on the cost-book system, bat such relinquishment took place within one yearprevious to the company being registered as a " limited" one under the provisions of the before-mentioned Act. The 63d section of that statute authorized the Court of Bankruptoy, after an order had been made for the winding up of any company, to place on the list of contributories such persons as wthin one year of the winding up order had held any shares in the company. The Court held yesterday in "Lofthouse's" case that "shareholders" in that clause meant shareholders in a company after it had been regis. tered, and thereby brought within the operation of the Act. The only difference in this case was that Mr. Birch had relinquished his shares before registration, whoreas Mr. Lofthouse had transferred his. Their LOrDS}BIPS ordered the name of Mr. Birch to be erased from the list of contributories and from the order for a call. Mr. Gifford appeared for the appellant ; Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Roxburgh supported the order of the commissioner. IN CHANCERY. LINDSAY V. TYRRIELT. This was an appeal motion from an order of the Master of the Rolls, refusing to allow an infant to fie a bill in jorm4 pauperi by his next friend. The motion was made in the court below by leave of the Lord Chancellor, and the only affidavit made in support of it was by the infant to the effect that he was not worth bl. The sole question was whether, according to the practice of the Court, an infant was entitled to sue in form/z pauperis by a next frend on such an affidavit alone. Mr. Louis for the appeal; Mr. Smythe in support of tho order. The LoRD CHANCELLOR said, the Master of the Rolls was quite right in refusing the motion, as the affidavit of the infant -was not sufficient. At the least there ought to haive been an affidavit by the infant that he was unable to get any one worth 5l. to act as his next friend, The appeal must be dismissed with costs. ATKINSON V. BEMTlEY. This was an appeal involving the construction of the wIll of George Baron, who died in the month of July, 1854. The cause was originally before the Master of the Rolls, but was transferred to Vice-Chancellor Stuart, and by both those judges orders were made which are now appealed from. It appeared thAt the heir-at-law of the testator denied that there was a valid devise of the estates ex fade of the wUI, and the Lord Chancellor accordingly directed that point to be argued by itself in the first instance. By the devise in question the testator " Gave, devised, and bequeathed all his real estates to his executors and tiuste, upon trust to oonyey and aure the said real estate unto such One person, being a male and being a lawful descendsnt In any degree sithier oi Nathan Atkinson, formerly of Bolton, decemasd whcee mother was a Jowett, or Olockhouse, near Blradford afoesald, or a lawful Idesceoidaut In any degee of Samuel Atkinson, formerly of Bhipley, in the county of York, decessed, (who was abrother of the s athan Atkbinonl, as he the said eetaoboheld In and by any codicil to that his will, duly executed, appoint; to hold the same ur,e estate unto and to the use of such appointee, his heirs and assign for ever; and in default of sushL appointment, then unto such persont as at the time of his (the said testatos's) do. cease sh2ouldI answer to the description of heir male of the body of the esid Nathan Atkinson under an estate tail, sUppDosed to have been limited to him the said Nathan Atkinson, to hold the same real estate unto and to the use of the.Mrt answerlnsc to the desrmiption therein mentioned to be assigned his heLr and sassgns for ever. And in case at the time ot hisi (te suld testates's) death there should be no person who should answer to the descniptien of heir mnale of the body of the said Nathan Atkinsont as aforesaid, then unto such persn as at the time of his decie absould answer to the descTiptios of heir rmale ot the body of Samuel Atkinson, under an estate tall, supposed to have been limited to him, te said Ssmuel AtkdinEonl; to hold the same seal estate unto, and o te ue o th peron nswrin tothedescription lst aforesaid hi hessad asIgn fo evr, nd n eset thxe time of his decease thee soul beno oren wo soul anwerto the descrption, either of heir male oi the body of the said Nathan teon Samuel Ainoasaoeadthnutschprso sa h ieo mm. the said Nathan Jowett, to hold the same re31 etats unto andi to the use Of the Perso s0o answerig to the deeTiption last aoeo aid, and his heira anid assigns for everL"onlst5ors" The q,ueston turned upon the meanlng of the word " su posed' as intended by the testator * whether he had usedit in a merely hypothetical sense, or in referenco to some instrument or instruments supposed to confer estates tail, or an estato in fee simple, on the persons named In hls Will ? Mr. Bacon, Mr. R. Palmer, and Mr. Pearson appeared for the plalntlff, the devisee under the first limitation In the will. Mr. Malins and Mr. Bilton for the devisee under the third limitation claimed the estates agabist the heir in the event of the two first limitations failing. Mr. Craig and Mr. Forster for the heir-at-law of the tes. tator contended that all the devisees were void for uncertainty. The LORD CHANCE=Ot, without calling for a reply, delivered judgment against the heir-at.law. His Lordship read the words of the first limitation to the heir male of NathaR Atkinson under a supposed estate tail, and stated his opinion without hesitation to he that the testator thereby intended the person to take the estates who would have been entitled as heirmale of Natban Atkinson under an estate ta provided such an estate had been limited to him. Whoever, therefore, answered that description would be entitled to the estates to the exclusion of the heir of the testator- and in the event of there being no one to fulfil that description the same observations as to the person to take would be carried through the two subsequent limitations. The Lords 1ustlces concurred. The remainder of the casc wil be proceeded with on Saturday.sewilbprceewtho
ROLLS' COURT, CHACERY-LANE. DEc. 16. -WATHERSPON V. DENSOl. k,UeJore the MASTER of the RoLLs.1 .,LUe pisin-ats in this case are proprietors of a patent for making Glenfield's Double Refined Powder Starch, and the present appllcation Is for an injluntion to restrain the de. fendants from selling starch, not made by the plaintiffs in wrappers of the same colour and appearance as the plain. tlff' wrappers, and with a like direeton for use aecompany ing them. The starch business was said to be so cons{dera. ble that the plaintiffs eould afford to spend no less a sum than 5,0001. a-year in advertlsements he case presented no feature of interest, and The WASTER of the RoOLIs eventually directed an issue at law to try the rights of the parties, the defendants In the meantime undertaling to keep accounts of the starch sold by them in the wrappers in question, M.r R. Palmer and Mr. Elderton appeared for the plain. tiffs; Mr. Follett and Mr. Turner for the defendants.
VICE-COANCELLORS' COURTS. ThFn in IN BP THE LONDON AND 3MbINAM A 'IRA SIIE RAMLVAY COMPARY. FXT.AR". T.A1T -- We] ore Viee-chatzenmello Rs R. v Rimcn . Mr. GLASSE and Mr. D}: GEx moved in this matter to vary or discharge the order made by Master Richards for a call and coats amounting to 6001. odd, under these eircum. stances. It appeared that this was an inchoate assoclation, no shares ever having beeTnissued ; and being in course of winding up originally before his Honour 'when Aster, Lord COrzon, as having attended a meeting on one day was put upon the list of contributorles. The matter was now going on before Master Richards, 'who had made the call in question, which was objected to upon the ground of its in. eluding certain oosts for the official manager's time and for shorthand writer's expenses, 'which In the official manager's case was said to be excessive, and that the shorthand writers' charges could not bo allowed. lord Curzont did not object to pay 1871. even although it had been guaranteed that not more than 150O. should be charged, but 45014 was subsequently charged, besides other allowances 'which Lord Curzon had agreed to pay to Messrs. Lowndes and Dayrell, making up the 6001. or 701. in excess. Mr. ROXBJRGH opposed the motion on bohalf of the official manager, contending that the Master had a discretion to allow the sums of costs complained of, and If it was not enacted by the Act it was constantly done in practice, and there were prlnted regulations under which the Master acted. The costs were inurred by the non-agreement of tbe parties to pay certain persona who had claims, except under under the Act. The offical manager's costs were settled at 2001. less than originaUy put at. Everything had been done by mutual consent. The shorthand writer's claim 'was quite a fair one. Mr. GLASSE was heard in reply. The VICE-CIIANCELLOR thought that If tne Master in mnaking thegcall for a sum exceeding that advertised took the parties by surprise (if the Court found that to be so), that was not what the Act intended. With respect to the official manager's remuneration, whatever was not mechanical, such as might be done by a mere clerk, required the assistance of an accountant, and in this case either the Master or the Judge in Chambers might avail himself of the powers of the Act and call in such assistance, and was right in so doing. It must be assumed that the rMaBter did his duty, without going into evidence as to that; the Master or the Judge in Chambers often appointed such persons, though it was more satisfactory for the parties to do so. As to the taxation of the bill of costs, the regular course was taken, it was taxed reguiarly, andthe interns now objected to were objected to then. ft was prescribed by the orders that any taxation must be ob. jected to in the taming masters' ofiica, and the party might appeal to the coutt; that was not done here, No detriment had occurred to any one. The Master inveatigated the whole matter, and this Court would not consider items, but only principles. The question whether a shorthand writer ought to have been employed was another question. No doubt his employment was proper to some extent. No ground was suggested for objection to these items. The taxation was not wrong, and no objection could now be taken. As to the shorthand writer's employment, if the Master employed one, whether wisely or not, the offici3l manager must be allowed those coats. Where witnesses were examined it was expedient and reasonable to employ a shorthand wrIter, but on a mere quabble, and wfithout the wastes authority, it was not expedient. So much therefore as applied to the second description must be disallowed. The motlon, as far as regarded the call and the figures, must stand over, that his Honour might look into that matter. (Beforc Okan7xrceUos- S~ir W. P. WOOD.) 'THOS0 V. yOxwin The VICE*CHtlOELILOR was occupied for some hours th this caseof the sewingmachine, which again came before t'he Cour by way of renewal of the motion made by the plaintiff in July last for an injuncton to restrain the defendant from manufctung and selling any sewing machines constructed in imitation or resemblance of the machinery the oinbject of the plaintio's patent. the case as then argued was reported in 'B zc Thmes, the result being that his Honour ordered the mnotion to sasd over, the deferdant keeping an account, and ith liberty to the plaintff to bring such action as he might be advised. The plain. tiff had accordingly brought hls action, which was tried on the 5th inst. in the Queen's Blench, and resulted in a verdict in his favour, certain points of Law arising on the specification being reserved by the Lord Chief Justice at the request of the defendanVs counseL This verdict having been obtained the motion for an injunction was now renewed, and opposed by the defendant on various grounds, one being that he was about to move for a new trial, on the ground that the verdict was against evidence. Mr. Rolt, Mr. Fooks, and Mr. Talfourd Salter in support of the motion; Mr. Cairns and Mr. Jessel conrd. His HONOUR referred to the principles by which th3 Court was governed in cases of this descilption, and to the extreme unwillingness to issue an Injunction where there was a bond fide intention of moving for a new trial at law, unless the case vas so abundantly clear as to leave no doubt in the mind of the Courb what the result of the trial would be, and observed that looking to the balance of convenienee and inconvenience in this partcular case he had no doubt as to the discretion which he ought to exercise. If the in. junction were to be granted the dafendant might be most seriously prejudiced, while there was nothing before the Court to show that the plaintiff would not be saved entirely harmlees from any consequences which might result from not granting the injurction if the Court were to put the defendant on an undertaking. His Honour accordingly made the following order, The defendant undertaking to abide by any order the Court might make for payment in the nature of a royalty in respect of every sewing machine whlch should be issued by him or his agents to the prejudice of the plaintiff's alleged patent right from the date of this order, not exceeding 10 for each machine, in case the Court should so 'direct at the heaing of the cause, let the motion again stand over with liberty to apply.
COURT OF QUEERS BENCH, GUILDA. DEa. 16. FLXN1NG V. SMTIT O s, at KW,m Frius, before Lord CABB and4 Spcial 'Xflenrther hearing of this case was resumed at the sitting of the Court, and the examination of the plaintiff's wit' nesses proceeded with. The first witness caUed was Mr. G. W. Bracher.-I have hiad a gooa many business transaotions with the defendant, I know his wniting. I believe the endorsements to be in his handwriting, but I never saw him sign " John Smith." The joint affidavit of the defendant and Mr. Warwick wag then read. The defendant described the bills as " endorsed by me the said defendant to Monteith and Co." He stated he bad received no oonsideration for them, and that the bank had taken them, well knowing the circumstances, after they bad arrived at maturity. This assertion was founded on a letter from Monteith of tho 24th of February, stating, "We have sent the bills to the Union to be presented." Mr. John Monteith.-I am a calico printer at Glasgow, and have been so for nine or ten years, and have had a cod mnany transactions with Mr. Warwick. He Introduced m.0e to defendant in April last. I had one transaction with him previously. I asked him to accept for me to the extent of 1,0001. against the samne seurities as before. He said he had some bills of Hayter's he wished me to discount. I agreed to do so. I never saw him afterwards. All our further communicationBswere through Mr. Warwick. I re., ceived the four bills from him enclosed in his letter of the 29th of May. I got them about 11 o'clock in the forenoon on the 30th. When! received the two bills of BeUinger they were endorsed "John Smith," as they are now. The other two bills were not so endorsed. My olerk took the four bills along with others to the Western Bank to be dis. counted about ten minutes after I received them. He brought me back the discount note which I produce. The net, proceeds of the lot were 2 0981. ls. &d. I have had two letters from the defendant, but I do not know his writing sufficiently to form an opnion on it. Cross-examined.-I have got the discount note out of my voucher-book. I had very large transactions with the Western Bank; they amounted to over 200,0001. for the last year, and chiefly consisted of discounts. MIr. John Taylor was the manager. He has boeo since removed. I do not know where he is now. We stopped payment on the 9th of October; the bank stopped =terwards. My paper was freely discounted at the bank. My arrangement with the defendant was that I should have the use of the money for 14 days. I have not discounted bills with fictitious names that I know of I have not discounted bills with the names of persons to whom I had given small sums for accentine. The assrMnn thaC T 1-.-+, ia. n^ - 7 had a fuial eiplanation aboutthe hiUswegot from Warwick We told him they were Warwick's trade bills, and that we bad agreed to discount them for him. I had one partner. He retired in the end of 1855. I was Monteith and Co. When I saw defendant In April he spoke to me about Hayter's biris. I do not recolect whether I telegraphed to Warwick not to put his nane on those bills. My clerk who took the bills to the banik is in Scotland. I never got them back again. I wrote to Warwick on the 24th of September, saying, " We find Bellinger's ac. ceptance has got John Smith's endorsement, and we have therefore sent it on to the Union to be presented, and if neoessary proeeded on." I hbad the bank notioe of dishonour before me when I wrote that letter. I had not the b'il in my possession then. Mr. Fleming had sent up to askc whether we would retire the bill or what was to be done with it. I told him toasendit to the Union. Fleming was then joint manager. I do not know when the address was put on one of the blll I do not know the writing. I never saw the bills since they were discounted untU yetra.I have had two letters from defendant. I dont kYnow that he iEgns his letters "J . Smith," but his bills " Juo. Smith. I do not recollect having any intimation from the bank that Anderson and Bellinger's names were not known. I swear positively I had not. I swear defendant's name was on the two bills when I received them. My clerks kept the bill book. I have had no conversation with Warwick about his evidence. I did not tel him I wonld oppose him In the bankruptcy court on account of his evidence. Re-examined.-I have never had these biUs in my posses. sion since I sent them to be discounted. Mr. O'MAuLLEY then proceeded to address the jury for the defendant. He said My. Smith would distinctly swear that he had not endorsed these bills. If they had been en. dorsed by him Warwick would of course have recoUected it, but so far from that he actually told the defendant he need not do so; these not being trade bis, defendant would not Ilke to putt his name on them; and as to the docket describing the bills as endonrsed "J. Smith," it appled to all four, and it was admitted Hayter's bills were not endorsed. The whole case rested on the credit of Mr. Monteith; he could, if he liked, have fortified his ease by the evidence of the clerk who took the bills to the bank. He (Mr. O'Malley) had no wsh to deal harshly with Mr. Monteith, but if there was a shadow of truth in defendant's case the name " John Smith" was not Eon the bills when they reached Mr. Monteith's hands. Mr. John Smith.-After my interview with Monteith I applied to Mr. Warwick to get four bilLs discounted, when I gave Warwick the slip of paper I had not got the hills. I got HTayter's tw.o bins the same day. I gave HXayter a check for the amount less discount. Mr. Bellinger was thenin debtedto me more than the amount of the two bills,and I got t.he acceptances from him. He handed me the twvo on the 29th. rgave the four to MWr. Warwtick. When I did se my name w as not on the hack of BeDlinger's two bills. I told MIr. Warwick I could not endorse them. He said there was no need. I do not knowr in whose handwiritin the name " John Smith" on the back of those hills is I never sign any bills " John Smith." I invariably do so, " Jno, Smith."' I made three affidavits. After I made the second 1Iinspected the bills. That was the first timelIsavvthe sig. na ture. Cirosa-examlned.-In my second affidavit, mnade on the 27th of October, I stated " I verilyheolieve I never endorsed thesebhills." Ih~ave looked for the slip of paper lI gave Warwick, but I cannot find it. Mfr. Warwick has given me part security for the balance of the four hills. I bank at the Union Bank, In their hooks Ihave signed my name -"John Smith." I never had any transaction w;ith the Western Bank. Mr. Charles B. Robinson, one of the cashiers of the UJnion Bsank, stated that he did not believe the endorsements to be the signature of the defendant. He would not cash a check drawn with that signature. ,ross.examined,-by reasonia that the name is not signed in the usual way. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ in Mr. O'MSIA}Y and Mr. PRmtxec addressed the jury on b ehalf of their respective clients. Lord C£ rjBrX3,r said, that the only plea of the defendant n answmer to this action was that he did not endorse these bills. They were admitted to be genine in ever othere spect, The allegation that the bank had taken them after they became due was abandoned, and it must be taken that tbey were endorsed in due form, and that the plaintiff vwas the " Iffde holder. If, however,Ithe defndantohadnot endorsed the bills, he was not liable. It was Iawte clear he had intended to do so, and believed he had, and never had a oubt on the subject until he inspected the bills and whoa the varianceint the formofthesignature led him to believe he had not signed them. In his first affidavit he stated the ils were endorsed by him, and the only ground of the don fence set up was that the bank had taken the bills after they became due. It was not until after he was let in to defend that he denied his endorsement. The jury retired, and after being absent for some time, returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages 7581. 19. YOtUlGHUSBAND V. POSNO. mr. Edwin James, Mr. Bovill, and Mr. Cleasby we-e I counsel for the plaintiff; Ar. Wilde and Mr. Rew appeared for the defendant. This aotlon was brought to recover compensation for the dismissal of the plaintiff from the command of the ship Prince Albert. The defendant pleaded that after the plaintliff was appointed he conducted himself so violently and be. baved so grossly that it was necessary to dismiss him, and that from his intemperate habits he was unfit to be intrusted with the command of a vesseL 601. was paid into court. It appeared from the evidence of the plaintifF Mr. Yonnghusban, that he had for many years been in command of vessels; abeut September last he was out of employment, and was introduced to the defendant, who was the registered owner of the steamer Prince Albert, the property of the Belgian Transatlantic Company, then under tender to the East India Company for the conveyance of troops to India. He was appointed to the command on the 29th of September, and on the 2d of October signed the charter, at a salary of 3oI. a-year and 2 per cent. on the profits. The vessel lay at Woolwich fitting out until the 15th, she then took some troops on board and dropped down to Gravesend, On the 17th she arrived at Portsmouth; the broker's agent then asked the plaintiff for the register and papers, on the plea that there was an alteration to be made in them. The plaintiff gave them up and was then informed be should give up the command. He refused to do so unless some reason was assigned. He was offered 3001. to leave quietly, but he refused, and only yielded when he was threatened to be forcibly removed. He swore positively that he was never drunk while at Woolwich, and that he was not of intemperate habits. The only person who was drunk at Woolwich was the purser, who had been appointed by the defendant, and whom the plaintiff was forced to dismiss. It appeared that while the ship was at Gravesend the plaintiff had some words with Ir. 0.-. Mare. He afterwards apologized, and they shook hands and had a glass of wine 'together, but when Mr. Mare was leaving he told plaintiff he should not leave Portsmouth in the ship. He swore positively he was not intoxicated on that occasion. Several witnesses were called to prove the skil and competency of the plaintiff; his extremely temperate habits and gentlemanly conduct, and that while at Woolwich he was not once intoxicated or even the worse for liquor. For the defence it was urged that nothing but a strong sense of duty induced the defendant to act as he had done. He knew nothing of Mr. Younghusband except from the character he had received of him, and when informed that he had been intoxicated on the 15th of October he could do nothing else than dismiss him. His previous good or bad conduct was nothing to the issue. Mr. Mare and some other witnesses were then caUed. They stated that the plaintiff had behaved in the most violent manner on the 15th of October, and was undoubtedly intoxicated on that oceasion. Mr. Mare reported the circumstance to the defendant, and he felt obliged to remove the plain tiff. Lord CAxPBELL said the defendant had entirely faUed to prove the alegations in the plea, that the plaintiff was unfit to be intruasted with the command of a vessel, and was of generally intemperate habits; but still, if the plaintiff had been drunxk on any one occasion while in command of his ship, the defendant was justified in dismissing him. The Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff. damages 6001., including the 604. paid into court.
I COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. Dna. 16. I -- TRUMPER V. PAT xEp. (b'Utngs at Nie7 Priu-, a Gui2dll. before Ohisef Justice _4COCEBu and a .Speci Jurv,.) The trial of this case was resumed this morning, and the eross-examlination of the defendant was entered upon and concluded. Witnesses were also called for the defence, but as the whole case depended upon the carOful investiga. tion of very intricate accounts, no point of interest to the general reader arose during the course of the day. An out. ene of this case, which has occupied the time of the Court for two days, may be given in a few words. Mr. Trumper -of whom the plaintiff is the representative-in the year 1852 gave to the defendant a bonf for 3,5001., and the qnestion at issue was whether in such sum was included an amount due for rent, or whether a portion of the consideration was not for three several sums of 2001., 1,0001., and 1,0001., money lent by the defendant to Mr. Trumper before his death. The evidence on both sides having been faUy gone into, Mr. HuGH HILL summed UD for the defendant, and Mr. Serjeant BYLES replied for the plainti. The Lord ClrnF JusTicu then at some length, and with great munuteness, commented upon and explained every part of the case presented to the jury, and in concluding said that they would have the painful duty to perform of deciding whether on the one side-namely, that of the laintiff-there bad been fraud and dishonesty committed Ey the deceased man whom he represented, or, on the other side-namely, that of the defendant-wilful perjury committed by the Rev. Mr. Palmer himself. In the one case the late Mr. Trumper must have concocted a false and fraudulent account, in the other Xr. Palmer must have falsely sworn that he had lent him 2,2001. The jury, atter a few minutes' consideration, found a verdict for the plaintifE. Mr. Serj eant Blyles, Mr. Lusb, Q.C., and Mfr. Aspland werefor the plapIntkifefnSgir FThaesiger,Q.C., Mr. pugh piel,aQred Mr. Pickring, Q. and Mr.H. Buloar tp.a
COURT OF BXC3EQU3ER, WPDNYSDAY. DEa. 16. PAYNTE V. HOWELL. I, t ngs at iytsi Priue, at Guid4a, before aeA LoRD I CH BARox and a Common Juml. air. x4wm James and Xr. Hawkins were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Montague Chambers and Mr. Tindal Atkinson appeared for the defendant. This was an action to recover compensation in damages for false imprisonmenit. The defendant rpleaded " Not Guilty" by statute. The plaintiff is an attornezs clerk, and the defendant is the proprietor of Deacon's Coffee-house, Walbrook. It appeared that the plaintiff on the evening of the 5th of August last went with three companions, aLl attorneys' clerks, to the defendant's house, for the purpose of having some coffee, eggs, and bacon. When they entered the coffeeroom they gave their orders to one of the young women in attendance in the room. A boy was sent to one of the tables to lay a cloth and light the gas. The housekeeper and the waitresses were having their suppers in a box in the room. The plaintiff and his companions were a Little light-hearted and gay, and one of them took his hat and placed it under the seat upon which one of the girls was sitting, and asked her to take care of it as it stood a good chance of being smashed; one of the others took the checks used in the business by the waitresses aud scattered them about the loor. Shortly afterwards they paid the reckoning, which amounted to 4s., and after turning out the gas were about to quit the house, when it was discovered that some one had cut a long alit in the table. cloth. The girls charged the plaintiff and his comnanions with doing it; they all denied it. Mr. Howell then came upon the scene and wished them to pay half a crown and settle the matter, and upon their refusal to do so he sent for a policeman and gave them all into custody, charging them with wilful damaage. They were taken to the Bow-lane station, and there the defendant offered to withdraw the charge if they would pay for the damage, but the offer vas declined. The charge was heard at the Mansionhouse on the following morning, and dismis3ed. Shortly after Mr. HoweLl was served with four notices of action for false imprisonment. This case was the first of the series. A good deal of evidence was called on both sides, and the jury, after a long deliberation, declared their inability to | come to a verdict, there being il to 1. The foreman asked *he learned judge if ho would take the verdict of the U. Upon this his Lordship appealed to the learned counsel on both sides, when Mr. Edwin James said that he could not conEent to the verdict of the 11 being recorded, but he had no objection to the verdict of the one being taken. This not being agreed to by the other side the jury were locked up, and after some time they returned into court, finding a verdict for 40g. DAIL V. HANDY. Mr. Phinn and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Parry was counsel for the defendant. The plaintiff, by her declaration, complained that the de. fendant on a certain night had broken and entered her dwellinghouse, and also that he had slanderously stated that sbe had robbed him of 51. To these two pounds of complaint the defendant pleaded "Not Guilty.r The plaintiff keeps a fruiterer's shop, and it appeared that about U o'clock at night, as she was standing with her daughter near her door, the defendant came up, and, though a stranger, entered into conversation, and also went into the sbop, vbhen he proposed to send for some refreshment. This offer was refused, and after a short interval he quitted the shop, and the plaintiff loocking up her premises turned off the gas and wenttobed. Aboutlo'clockhowever, she was knocked up by a policeman and the defendant, who demanded admission, and when admitted stated that they lhad come in quest of the defendant's pocketbook and the sum of 5l., which he then and there charged the plaintiff or her daughter with having stolen. The daughter immediately lighted the gas, when the pocketbook was found on the counter. The plaintiff's account of this fact was, that the defendant found it and said that it was where he had left it, but the polieeman differed from her and stated that he found it and gave it to the defendant, who did not use the language above stated. Be that as it may, the pockethook when opened was found to be without the 5.. note, and the defendant wished the plaintiff to be taken into charge, but the policeman wisely declined, though the plaintiff loudly demanded all posible investigation. In addition to these facts it appeared that shortly after he left the plaintiff's shop the plaintiff went in a semi-sober state to a policeman, and stated he had been drinking at the plaintiff's shop, and had there lost a pocketbook wlth a 10.-note in it, but he afterwards stated that he had changed the note, and that there was only a 51.-note in the pocketbook. At the close of the case for the plaintiff, The CxIEF BARON intimated that in his opinion there was no foundation for the count In slauder, and that the proper action in respect of the words would have been one for a malicious charge of robbery. As to the count In trespass, that resolved itself into a question of damages. The jury found for the plaintiff with 51. damages. PALBR V. MiEuX, JART. Mr. Phinn and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff Mr. Knowles and Mr. G. Denman were counsel for the defendant. This was an action of trover for a bllliard table and fittings, which had been seized under a distress for rent for a public-house. In opening the case the learned counsel stated that the action proceeded on the assumption that the biliard. table being used by the plaintiff for the purpose of his trade was not the suoiect of a distress for rent, there being sufficient property on the premises to satisfy the claim. Mr. Knowles did not assent to that fact, The CEUEF BARON stated that in his opinion the billiard. table in question was liable for rent. It was not an imple. ronnt of trade but a mere addition to the fnrniture of tbe plaintifs house as a means of attracting customers. It was just as much liable as a book-cas ald library would be, though ueed by the customners and not by the tenant. moi . Phion then elected to be nonsuited, oubject to a i2aotion.
AD1IALTY COURT, WEDNXSDAY. DEC. 1GL TILE LINDA.-COLLISION, (Before Dr. LUSHllGToN.) this was a suit for datnage promoted by the owners of tho brig Georgina, lSO tons, against those of the ship Linda, 1,077 tons. The Georgina was on her way from Leghorn to London with a general cargo, when, about I a.m. on the 5th of June, 1856, she was run into by the Linda, a vessel carrying railway iron from Gravesend to Calcutta. The brig alleged that at the time of the cohlision she was standing B.S.E., under donble-reefed topsaUs, closo haulod on the port tack, making about two knots an honr; that she saw the Linda at a distance of three miles coming towards her under all sail, at the rate of 10 or 1I knots an hour; that she immediately showed a light, and hung it up in the main rilgging; that sho portod her helm, and on coming near the Linda hailed her to do the same, but that the Linda, instead of porting, starboarded her helm, came stem on, and struck the Georgina in the after part of the rigging. The man at the wheel was knocked overboard by the blow and drowned, and the Georgina was so much injured that the master and one of the crew, expecting she would founder, went on board the i.nda, and at daylight she was abandoned as unseaworthy by the mate and the rest of the crew, She was afterwards found by the bark Carib, taken to Madeira and repaired, and tbence brought to England, when a large amount of salvage was pid by the owners. The caso of the Linda was that tho brig, being a small vessel, lying low in the water, and not showing a light, could not ba seen in the hazy state of the weather at the time until too late to avoid the collision, and that immediately sho was seen the Linda ported her helm, and kept it hard a-port until the collision ocourred. It was therefore contended that the accident was caused by the neglect of the Georgina to show a light, and by her delaying to port her helm until too late. The Linda also alleged that the Georgina was insufficiently manned, and that there was no necessity for abandoning her after the accident. Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss were counsel for the Georgina; the Admiralty Advocate and Dr. Spinks for the Linda. The Tmtirln BRxnEDTx were of opinion that there was not sufficient light shown in time on board the Georgina, and also that, looking at the rate at which the Linda was sailing, she was not carrying sniicixent light. The result was that both the vessels were to blame.
COU7RT OF BANZfKRUPTCU, B=ingh-stred, Dec. 16. , . I R JOHN MARKS. (Before Jfr. Com ioneur Fk-E.1 .. -uyv, za wusn Duuier, nas been sentenced to eight years' penal servitude. This was an adjourned examination meeting. Mr. WILausoN, for the assignees, said that the result of inquiries enabled him to state that the bankrupt's alleged shipments to Melbourne were foand to consist of nothing but rubbish, and that some of the aetual goods had been depodited at Reigate, the Borough, and other places, and the remainder shipped to Sydney in the name of Coleman. Sinee the conviction of the bankrupt, together with Samuel Marks and Simmons, information had been received from Melbourne confirming what had passed on the triaL The creditors of Marks who had faUed at Sydney laid claim to the property there, and questions would arise as to the right of the assignees to the property. Proceedings were being taken for that purPose by an agent for the assignees, to whom an indemnity had been given. Under these circumstances, he thought that no dividend should at present be declared, although there was a considerable sum in hand. His HoyuR concurred, and the bankrupt's examination was adjourned. IN RE CAI'TAIT ROBERT JeO rON. The bankrupt Is described as having been a fish-merchant in partnership with Mr. Pratt. Mr. Pratt has received a ertificate. This vwas an adjourned meeting In the case of Johnston. Mx. Lawrance, for the assignees, did not oppose; Mr. Bagley (instructed by Mr. Galsworthy) opposed for Mr. Kav, a creditor; Mr. Lacas supported. To make the case duly intelligible it may be necessary to state that in August, 1854, the bankrupt having, as he alleges, a suru s of 5,3761., settled a sum of 38,9061. upon his wife. vnJune, 1856, he obtained his discharge from prison, MIr. Webb having obtained his release by means of money advanced by Samuel Adams, now the bankrupt banker of Ware. The advance by Adams left the bankrupt in possession of 2301. This sum he now accounted for by saying he had given it to his wife, who had disbursed it. In 1853 he had transactions with Mr. Arnold, solicitor. He discounted bills for Arnold. Arnold had an office in Sackville-street for the discount of bills. His name (the bankrupt's) had appeared as the tenant of that office, and he had paid the rent. The rent had also been paid by Arnold. The CoiirsrrssxoiQi inquired how this could affect the case ? Mr. BAGLEY said, if the bankrupt could be shown to have been a trader prlor to August, 1854, the settlement might be set aside. The bankrupt, further examlned, deposed that in 1853 Mr. Arnold left the country, and that he had not seen him since. AUl he knew about him was that he was supposed to be somewhere on the continent. When Arnold left there wereinhispossession cettain bils of exchage which belonged to him (the bankrupt). Some of these, he wvas told, had been since handed to Mr. George Smith, hsis (bankrupt's) late solicitor. NTo mention was made of these bills in his balance-sheet. The Co2,n5smo\R.-The bankrupt's statements are most unsatisfactory. I shaU adjourn his examination sine die, and refase protection. Mr. LUcAs urged that when the bankrupt made the settlement in 1854 he had a clear surplus of 6,0001. Mr. BAGLnY.-We shall hear more about that settlement by-and-by. Mr. LURCAMS urged that Mr. George Smith was a creditor for 15,0001., and that if the bills had produced any smaU sum the amount couald only go in reduction of Mr. Smith's claima. The CoNannssioNX said there would be an adjournment to Saturday, when the bankrupt must sign his depositions. The banLkrpt's debts and liabilities are 35,0001., ir respective of claims of considerable amount arising from the bankrupt's transactions with Mr. Ray and other gentlemen. The assets are nominal. (Before Mr. Commiss7oerw GouLBURN.) Ir RE DAVIDSON AND QORDOX. These bankrupts were colonial merchants. They yesterday obtained their discharge from the criminal sentence of two years' hard labour. With the consent of Mr. Linklater, for the assignees, they now also obtained their release under the proceedings in bankruptcy. IN RE W. R. RUNT, The bankrupt was a licensed victuaUer in the Strand. This was the certificate meeting. There was no opposition. It was urged in the bankrupt's behalf that on entering upon the Cock and Bottle, in the Strand, about nine years ago he had a capital of upwards of 1,0001. His HoNouR said the accounts before him showed that in cne year and four months the bankrupt had inourred debts to the amount of 6,0001. There was not a farthing for the creditors. The bankrupt would only receive an imnmediate certificate of the third class, in consideration of there being no opposition. IN RH If. LAZARUS. The baukrupt was a watchmaker, of Wilmington-square. This was the certificate meeting. It was elicited during the proceedings that watches were manufactured wIholesale, the maker's name being omitted, in order that vendors might affix the name of anv maker they pleased. This was alleged to be the custom of the trade, The COmMIssroNER.-A custom that woald be more honoured by the breach than by the observance. His HoNouR ordered an adjournment for a month, to give a creditor an opportunity to oppose.
INfSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, De. 16. IN RE CHAERLS CAINION. JUN. (Before the CHIEF CO"lnISSIO=1 Iums ansolvenD, a hsth salesman and director of the Rough and Foreign Ioe Company, applied to be discharged. Mr. Dance opposed for Mr. Garrard, who was a creditor for 541. for oysters; Mr. Nichols supported. The insolvent's debts amounted to 2,9501., of which 1,3101. were without consideration. It was stated that the liabihltes on account of the Ice Company did not exceed 4301., which would all be paid by the shareholders and directors, of whom Mr. XL Chambers was one. Mr. Garrard's comelaint was that the insolvent had vexatiously defended hac ation, whereby the costs had been inoreased to W4. 12s. The Cixy CoarsDfssioNzR thought there had been a clear vexatlous defence to Mr. Garrard's action, and ordered the insolvent to be discharged in five calendar months from the date of the vesting order. IM RE FREDERICK GEORGE HxATLxy. This insolvent, a young man, an ensign in the Queen's Royal Antrim Rifle Regiment of Militia, applied to be dischairged. His debts, contracted within the space of abont two years and a-half, amount to 2,1911., of which 1,7491. are put down as without consideration. The insolvent has reoeived an allowance of 4001. per annum from his mother. in addition to his pay of 82. per annum. His mess expenses are charged at 11. per day, and wages to groom and regimental servant oOI. per annum. Sr. Reed opposed for three creditors, and Air. Sargood Te case was only part-heard wvhen the Contt rose, and the further hearing was postponed until to-morrow (this day).~~~~~~~
kAdvrtiornet.]Thofavourite gift-book of the eoa,o Is 'ortraed by the poet, eeDted and edittd by Oharles Mackay. and ilinotrate withe 1`00ts Eezqnult endr inga from original decdins by tbofirt artists, ptc 2. elgnly bnd, or In morooco, elegpnt, from £1 li. 6d. to 5e 21.Th elegantly boond, olDdRaing, and general appearance of Te Born Aflertrotio.,' ae more beautiful and tborougbly tisti than any wO hereO Ween and Weae little dorab of itsgpr,vg te favonuitegit-book of the, e to. D]aly Newx. "Thobookasabok Isb baWj.Lo London, George itontledge and Co . . 'arringdon .ntreet. (AdvertiSement.oH' , Wbat shall Igi eterietm3 Drinent RI now the quention of the day, and b hred tm wiui b eoU lorS3th d hin toened for George Routledge and Co.'s now llt ot Prewent books. In it will ho f onod, selected with cmo from th best old and modem ahutom, elegantl y bound an lllltrate(d works fit for the library the boutoir, thoe drawing-mrom table, the school-room the pla ground, or the nursery. The pricem are also cafUlc ted to nitt alt desiregand all pocets, stheyrangefro6 d.to o.ech T(3 goata. 1on will he forwarded gretle on applicationt, London, George Boot. Advrtseent.L -The "Uppe4rbh1e,"fisratedwith2O beautiful ateel engravinec. from deel=n bY Birket Foeter, elerantly hound, prioe 2l1,. is new ready.-" The Importance of this work arlse mainlyftrom the beauity of lies illustrations, and, though the eerOrl mot Inicaedin hee Ilueraton hae benpresenated to the ey by thepenIlsofvarousarist, I IcSit to mchto ear that by few bare thevies n tie olme eenOtslid. y on curpeoed. This work peraps ofthemos ineretin, crtanlyso ne f temor stpo olu, gilI-bok ofth prset iasn."Oberr ondn,George Rout:
WrINTER .ASSIZES. OXFORD CIRCUIT. -k3rAYFORD, DE-. 16. tOjorf Mr .Uaron WAR T=.) Ann Plant, aged 22, was charged with the wilful murder of John Plant, on the 22d of Ootober, 1857, at Wolverbampton. Mr. Spooner appea,red for the prosecution; the prisoner was undefended. The facts of this painful case Will be sufficiently explained by the evidence given by the following wit. nesses:- Hannah Hiokman said,-I am the wife of George Hick. man, at Hall-green, Sedgley. The prlsoner's mother lives next door. The prisoner has not lived with her mother for two years. I remember prisoner coming home with a little boy. On the 20th of October the prisoner was sitting in my brewhouse, and her sister asked me if I would let her sit by my fire. I did let her. On the 21st she lay at another person's house, Mrs. Cooper's. On the 22d sbe came to my house, and asked if I could let her wash and dress the baby. I gave her leave. That was on Thursday. She went out with the baby between 2 and 3 o'clock. She said she was going down to Froghall to father her baby. She called the baby " John." I tried to.give the baby some teaty, when she bad none to give it. She caUed the baby "Joha Plant." She came back on Thursday between 8 and 9 o'clock She had not got the baby. I said, "Ann, what has brought you back again; what have you done with the child!" She sid, "By God, Hannah, I gave the child away. A gentleman and lady came and said, 'Dear me, what ais your baby? and asked me to give her the child. The lady then took it, and carried in her arms to Stafford-street." She said, "the lady took it to a houte in Stafford-street, whieh was carpeted all over." I believed what she said, and that night (Thursday) she slept by my side. The next day (Friday) she slept in the house of a person next door but one. On Saturday, the 24th, she went away to Mrs. Walker's, of Hallfiela. On the Thursday she took some clothes, and brought them back. She said the gentleman bought some clothes for the child, and told her to take back the clothes and make a few pence of them. On the Tuesday morning, the 27th, I went to Mrs. Walker's, at Hallfield. I saw the prisoner there, and said to her, " You've destroyed your child; will you go with me or Mr. Ponder to the gentleman you gave the child to?' She said she would neither go with me nor Mr. Ponder. I said, '-Ann, if you've destroyed your cbild, you will have to confess." She said, "Oh, Hannah, I have destroyed my child; it is trouble that brought me to it." She said at first she had put it in the river, And then she said she had put it in the road. I then sent for Mr. Ponder and he came. The next day, Wednesday, Mr. Ponder showed me a chid. It was the same child I saw with the prisoner. I aua sure of that. I had washed its clothes and suckled it. The prisoner's mother found her with victuals, but she had no money. Catherne Ingram said,-I am the dsiter of the last vwit. ness, and live with her. I recollect the prisoner coming ack without the child. WiUiam Ponder said,-I am a police-constable at Bilston. On Tuesday morning I was sent for to Mrs. Hickman's, at Halli eld. I saw the prisoner there. I asked her what she had done with the child. She made no reply. At last she said, if I would allow her to jump down a pit she would teU me aU about it. I asked her two or three times and she said she would tell me when the crowd of people were gone. I took her into an adjoining room, wlth two gentlemen. She then said she had thrown her child in the nver. I asked her whereaboutsshethrew it. She said ehe threw it in the river by the side of the railway-bridge that goes over the river on this side Bilston-street,Wolverhamy. ron. I asked her if she put anything with it to sink it. She said, "Oh, Air. Ponder, I threw my child in alive." She then began to tear her hair. She said she should have gone to Froghail, but her shoes were so bad she turned back. She said the child's name was John Plant. I tbok her to the police station, and then searched the river, but I did not find any body that day. The next day I got some drags, and found the body. I showed it to Ann Hickman. I produce the gown it had on. The body was about 100 yards below the bridge down the stream. Mr. H. D. Best, a surgeon of Bilston, said he had examined the body of the child, and that he was of opinion the child was suffocated by drowning. There were no narks of violence. The prisoner's statement before the magistrates was put in and read, as follows :-"I did it for want. I had no home to go to. I had been confined only a month, and had to sit up all night in the brewhouze. I had nowhere to take it to." Mr. Baron MARTnv having summed up the evidence, The jury found the prisoner Guity, with a strong recommendation to mercy. His LORDSEaP said he entirely concurred in the verdict; but, as he felt sure,under the circumstances, that if he passed seatence of death it would not be carried into effect, he thought it would be better at once to avail himself of the power which he had, and to order sentence of death to be recorded. His Lordship, who appeared much affected, then ordered sentence of death to be recorded, telling the prisoner that she would be kept in penal servitude for life. The prisoner was then removed. EXTRAORDDyARY CASE. Philip Clare, aged 30, miner, was charged with the vwilfl murder of Elizabeth Hopley, on the 29th of April, 1857, at Bilston. Mr. Scotland and Mr. A. S. Hil appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Kettle defended the prisoner. Mr. SCOTr7sND having opened the facts of this extraordinary case, the following witneeses were examnned:- Ms. Welton, the aunt of the deceased, said she was a young woman 18 years of age, the daughter of a farmer at Wem, in Shropshire. In April last, and since Christmas, she had been living with her at Bradley, in the township of Bilston. On the 29th of April she had been worklng for a Mr. Moon, and returned home at about 7 o'clock in the evening. She went out again at near 10 o'clock, without bonnet or shawl, and without saying where she was goinL, and never came home again, Up to March last she had been working for the prisoner as a bank's girl, but had left his service on the Saturday night before Shrove Tuesday. She had had a dispute with the prisoner about her wages, and had summoned him before the magistrates. Cross-examined.-I had had no dispute or quarrl with the deceased, who was in perfect health and strength that night. In goiog to her work at kr. Moon'sthe nearest way would be by the canal, where her body was found, which is less than a quarter of a mile from my house. Joseph Davis said he lodged with the last witness, and remembered the deceased going out in the eveing of the 29th of April. The aunt found fault with the deceased about not getting some water made hot. Cross-examined. -There was no passion. George Buckley, a labourer, said that at about half.past 4 o'clock on the morning of the 30th of April he was going to his work and, as he was passing Mr. Rose's wharf he saw a body in the water in the Bradley arm of the Birmingham CanaL EHo took the body out, and carried it to Mr. Welton's. Cross-examined.-Between the house and the canal there is a coke-hearth, which gives a flickering and unsteady glare. Mr. E. D. Best, surgeon, of Biston, who had made a post mortem examination of the deceased, said he found a slight discolouration on the back of the neck and arm, and a few recent scratches on the back of the right arm. The deceased died from suffocation by drowning. She was a strong, healthy girL Cross-examined.-The discolouration would not necessarily indicate violence, and the scratches might have arisen from struggling in the water. It is just possble, but highly improbable, that she could have received a blow on the head sufficient to stun her for 20 minutes without leaving some mark. From the appearance of her body she must have been sensible when put in the water. The dress and one boot wero colonred by the hzematite ore. The wall of the canal was two feet above the water. Tho witness said he was of opinion that in coming to the angle where the canal forms a fork the deceased had fallen over the wall into the water. He said the light of a coke-hearth was very flicker. ing and daz21ig. By the JUDGE.-If she had bean struggling with a man, I tbink there must have been marks on her body, but there were none. Edward Lloyd, tho landlord of the Square and Compasses publichouse at Bilston, proved that the prisoner was at bis house from half-past 6 tiUl 11 o'clock on the night of the 29th of A rl, and left in company with a man named William WoLi6croft and three others. Wiliam Wolliscroft proved that he accompanied the prisoner part of the way to Moxlev, vhere the prisoner lived, and parted from him about a quarter of a mile from his (the prsoner's) house. Cross-examined.-We went along the Holyhead-road. We talked together for some timo on the road. George Hague, a policeman, saw tho prisoner, at about 12 o'clock, about 50 or 60 yards from his (prisoner's) house. Samuel Wail said,-I am a labourer. On the 29th of April I was night watchman to Mr. Bose, at Bradley. The works are near the railway bridge. I knewthe prisoner. On the night of the 29th of April I came near the railway bridge. Inoticed two people on the bridge. I was 100 or 200 yards off. I could not toll whether they were men or women. I went to the foot of the bridge, near the rails. I was about 15 or 16 yards off. They were at the abutment of the bridge, by the railings, where the railings join the walL I heard the woman say, "Philip, don't kill me* you said you would kill me before." I then knew one of them down, It was on somie part of her head. I wa at the bottom of the rails. I was struck, andc I couid not speak or move, After this I went up to him. Before I got up I saw him put heron his shoulder. I went close up to them. I knew the man directly; it was Philip Clare (the prisoner). Ho had got heron his shoulder to carry her away before he was aware of me. I said to him, " Philip, you'll have to suffer for this," He said, "If you s5Pk rl serve you the same." Isaid nothing further to him,'le took her off I followed him a space of fivo yards. I thought it better to follow him up, as I thought I should stand no worse chance If I followed him up than if I stood whose I was. The road which crosses the bridge goes up to Bradley. Hle took her over the bridge to the Bradley side, and then turned to the left, after two or three yards. He went along a cartroad, between two buildings, cottages. This was about 20 minutes past 12. I know that, because I bad heard Moxley clock strike 12 a few minutes before. I saw the prisoner go to the breast of the wharf, to the basin. He turned round to me and said, " Now, if you spak, or tcll any one, I will kiU you; I iwl serve you the smoas I served her, and set some one else on to watch instead." Ho said this at the breast of the wharf. IIQ then turne from me, and carried her to the point of the two basins. I then went along the rail to the " Wonder Pit." I saw the prisoner put the woman irn the water. I did not see the woman move, nor hear a sigh nor a groan. He carried her in the same position aU the way. I did not see bim leave the wharf, When I turned off he Wss putting a woman into the water. The woman had something of a red gown on. I saw nothing on her head. The prisoner overtoot-; me again that night when I bad got o,uarter df e mile. I was going to the little
WESTERN CIRCUIT. , I - -- EXEBTBER, DEC. 15. (Before Mr. Justice WILLES.) a- ,-LaKe, doun rixe, ana _.Lirea .ilarce were indioted for a birglary in the dwelling-house of Francis Weeks, on the 18th of September, at Whimple. Mr. Coleridge conducted the case for the prosecution, and Mr. R. T. Cole defended the prisoners. It ap eared from the evidence of the servant girl, named Emma Woods, that on the night of the 17th of September, about 11 o'clock, she was aroused by a noise outside the house. She looked out of tbo window and saw the three prisoners in the lard. She went to her master's room, but he was not in bed. She then lighted a lamp and took it to her own room, and then put a cloak over it. She looked out of the window and saw three men. Two of theml, West. lake and Clarke, pnt a6ladderup to her window, aud Westlake aEcended it. He then took a knife from his breast and cut a cord which had been used to fasten the window. He tuhung the casement and haudtd it to Pike, who was also standing on the ladder, and he passed it to the other prisoner who stood at the foot of the ladder. She then took her cloak from off the lamp, and as Westlake was getting in at the window she pat it to his face, aud put her hand upon his head, and said, "- Westlake. I suppose you have not had broad and water enough." (H[e had been in prison for stealing some wood.) He then drew back and descended the ladder, and she went downstairs and called her master, who was asleep in the sitting roomn. The house having been broken open a few nlghts before, he was sitting up. She told her master what had happened, and the names of the three men. They theu proceeded tr examine the house, and they found that tbree cheeses had been taken from the dairy. Three ducks had also been taken. Tho girl then took hin to an outhouee, where she had previously seen the prisoners go, and there they found the cheeses and the ducks. The police were sent for, and the next morning the three prisoners, who worked on the railway, and lived near the prosecutor's, were apprehended, and the girl identified them. The dairy had beea entered through the roof. For the defence it was urged that of all the extraordinary cases ever presented to a jury this was the most extraordinary. When the girl saw the luen in the ward, why did she not alarm her master and the other inmates of the house ? But instead of that, according to her own atatement, she never called anyone until the men were gone. It was submitted that the story was too extraordirary to be believed. The young girl was the only witness, and she pointed out to her master the place where the cheeses and ducks were found. "Those who hide can find." The girl muust have had an enmity against Westlake. He called the two other prisoners, who lodged with him, to prove that he was not in the house, and so tho girl charged them also. It was therefore urged that the case was too dangerous for a jury to convict upon. The learned JUnGEsummed up the case. The jury found the prisoners Guily. The prisoners protested their innocence. Westlake was sentenced to 15 years', and the other two to 10 years, penal servitude. In tho cou.se of the trial Mr. Cots objected to a question as being leadilng Mr. Justice WILLES said they had got rid of special demurrers, and he thought such objections to leading questions were really frivolous. Mr. COLE said that en this circuit counsel had not been in the habit of having their objections called frivolous, and that, too, before the nature of the objection had beeni Stated. In the course of his address to the jury, Mr. COLE said, he certainly did complain that a leading question had been put, as to a m-ost material point in the case, but his Lordship had ruled that the question might be put, and he bowed to that decision. The JUDGE,-No, Mr. Cole, you "nod" to it, not "bow" to it. Mr. COLE.-My Lord, that is precisely what I do, or I would rather say, " I submit to it." Joseph Weaver was indicted for having, at Dartmoor Prison, assaulted WVilliam Rumbelow, a warder of that prison, on the 24th of November, with intent to murder him. Mr. Coleridge and Mr. Bere were counsel for the pro. scout ion. William Rumbelow.-I am one of the warders of the prison. The prisoner was a convict. On the 24th of ovember the prisoner was brougbt to the refractory cels. I put upon him a body belt, which is a covered chain, to which are attached two handcuffs, in which the prisoner's wrists are placed, giving him five inches' play for his hands. The JLDGE.-Does it squeeze him round the body? Witness.-It is put on so that it cannot hurt him. The chain Is looked round the body, There is a staple at one part of the chain. Before it was put on the prisoner said, as soon as he got out of the cells he would rip open any man he could see. He was in the refractory cell about two hours and a-half. While he was there I heard the glass of the cell window breaking. I unlocked the door. The prisoner was standing on the guard-bed, a sort of wooden bulk raised from the floor. His right hand was free, and ho had taken off the body belt, having forced the lock. He had hold of the belt with the left hand. I went up to him, and he made a blow at me with the belt, which I parried and knocked him down with my staff. Not wishing to injure him further, I went to free him from the belt; he laid hold of my staff and I felL The staff broke, and the prisoner struck me twice on the right temple with the part he had. Three of us then, after violent resistance, took the staff from him. HTe got hold of my finger between his teeth and bit the top joint of it off. The prisoner was then taken to a cell. I dont know where I struck the prisoner, because it was in a moment of irritation. The prisoner had previously asked me to loosen the belt as it was too tight, and I refused. By the Prisoner.-I did not beat you for 5 minutes before you struck me. The Prisoner.-You beat me on the head and here is the mark. The JuDGE to the Wltness.-Was there a mark on the head ?-Yes, my Lord, but I can't account for it except it was when he fell against the bulkhead. By the JUDGZ.- What is it put on for ?-For refractory conduct. By the JUDGE.-L. it to indict pain ?-No, my Lord. The JUDGE.-But do you think if you bad this on with your hands confined in that position it wonld not cause pain. I suppose these handcuffs are not padded ?-No, my Mr. COLERIDGE.-I understand, my Lord, that this is authorized by the Secretary of State, and reported every fortnight. The JUDGE.-I am not aware of any Act of Parliament do justify the Governor or the Srcretary of State to inflict such a punishment. Another warder said, that hearing a noise he went to the cell and found a general m&Cfe between the prisoner and the warder,-one with his belt, the other with his staff.-I tripped up the prisoner and threw him down. The prisoner and the warder had the staff in their hands. I saw the prisoner raising his mouth as if to bite the warder's hand, and I pushed back his head. They then got up and I saw the prisoner strike the warder with the staff. I think he struck me on the body, but I did not feel it. I drewv the prisoner out of the cell, and then I let him go and he struck me with the belt. I afterwards saw that the top of Pumbelow's finger was off. The prisoners, when they have on this belt, can just raise their hands to their mouths, and no further. The Chief Warder.-The prisoner had that morning been released from the refractory cells. I remonstrated with him, and he said he would be the death of somo officer yet. I cautioned him, and he said he would not be placed in the body belt again. He said ho would tell the governor and the judge, if he should be transported for life. I reported this to the governor, and the prisoner told him it was true, and that he sbould do it. In the afternoon I heard that Xuumbelow had been assaulted. Ours is an invalid establishment, and we cannot therefore fdog them, except for assaults upOn officers. The Ju'iIc-Do you inflict corporal punishment ?-Yes, by the order of the Visiting Justices. The JUDGr .-I cannot order it. Witness.-The body-belt Is put on by the order of the Governor. I have known a prisoner bave it on for six weeks. I don't know that I have tried it on myself. It is only sufficiently tight to prevent their slipping it off. The JuDGcE asked for some Act of Parliament or regulation to justify this treatment. Mr. COLERIDGE said he knew nothing of it except what he read in his brief, because the briefs were sent from London, and no one here knew anythieg about it. The JUDGE said it was clear that thera ought to be some inuiry before a judge as there was no Act that he knew of. The prisoner, vhen called on for his defence, said he wished to ask for meroy. The JUDGE, in summing up, said they must be careful to see that the parties had not brought this act upon themselves, and had not exceeded their authority. Of course warders must be protected. The question, however, was what was thme intention of the prisoner at the time he indicted the blow ? He could not help saying that as far as he knew the law. an instrument of that kind should not be put on If the object was to give paiu, or inldict punishment in that way. It was said that this was considered to be a proper mode, and approved. They had heard the. description of the instrument-he owned he was not aware of any law that justified its being put on, The jury found the prisoner Gusiifa, with intent to do grlevous bodily harm.! The JUDGE, in passing sentence, said he found the prisoner had been twice convicted of felony, and had been sentenced to 4 years' penal servitude. Re had been in a northern prison, where he had conducted himself in an orderly manner; he had then been taken to Millbank, where he had not acted properly; he had then been removed to Dartmoor Prison, where his conduct had been very bad, although he had then been drawing towards the end of his sentence. He had this belt put upon him, which was said to have been approved as a means of restraint, and although he was at first inclined to take a different view of it, yet he was not now prepared to say that it was anything more than a means of restraint. No doubt it was necessary. where tmaere were so many convicts, that severe meas should he adopted. The Prisoner.-My Lord, he beat me for five minutes before I did anything. The JUDGL- I protest that if I thought a hair of -your head bad been unnecessarily touched I would not have given you a day's puniehment, but I believe the evidence that has been given. I should not do my duty if I did not order you to be kept in penal servitude for 14 years.
REWARD OF MERIT.-We are happy to announce that a subscription has been set on foot for the purpose of conferring a testimonial on Mr. Gladstone, in acknowledgment of hls noble protest against any interference of the House of Commons tending to the increase of Sir Henry Havelock's pension. The homage which the right hon. member for Oxford by that magnanimous declaration rendered to aristocratic principle has been properly appreciated in the most exclusive circles. At the suggestion of certain influential members of the Carlton Club arrange. ments have been made for presenting the right hon. gentle. man with a gold-headed stick, a gold-laced hat with a splendid cockade in it, and a pair of breeches manufactured of the richest thunder-and-lightning plush.-Punch. CRYSTAL PMALAO.-OCi SLiNG DAY, Wednesday, Dec. 16.-Adroissions on paymentk 531; ditto by season tickets, 276; total visitors, 807. [Advertisement].]_"Richards's Remembrancers for 185S," in every variety ox size, at pricem varylng from Is. to 93.. are sold by aL booseilers and stationers They are printed on superlioe paper, and the ,so size may be had eithet plainL ruled for accounts or memoanda, eand the proprletor is careful to exclude that mams of printed matters o much ob3eoted to in work of a simsilar cbaraoter. These diarles bave for upwards ofr40 years been much prized by profeeslon3al mien, gentlemen and their stewards, rerrona in public officea, merchants, and tradesmen. The prices of 'te 4to Iememb-aecera ace 3s., 46.. 6.. aud 9s.; -he 8vo. 3s. 6d, Us, and 6s. Cd. ; aud the scribbling Remembrantcer Is. and I. Aid London, Edwar4 Stanford, 6, ChatingCr05!,
CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT, De. 16. OLD COURT. ncr. Uommlssioner FREND)ERGAST took his seat on the bench in this court shortly before 10 o'olock, and Christian Sattler, aged 37, described in the calendar as a surveyor, was placed at the bar to plead to an indictment which charged him with the wilful murder of Charles Thain, the detective officer. When the usual inquiry was made of the prisoner whether he was guity or not guUty, he replied that it was for the Jnry to answer that question, and he should leave it to them. The COx.SSIONRE upon this asked the prisoner whether he was to understand that he wished to be tried by a jury? The prisoner said he did. The Com3issIoiNcus then directed a plea of "Not Guilty' to be entered. The prisoner was then arraigned upon a second charge, of stealing a carpetbag, some articles of wearing apparel, and money, the property of Arthur Ballantine. To this indictment the prisoner pleaded " Guilty."; The COBiisI oNxER said, that the plea of " Guity " to this felony might have a very material bearing upon the more serious inquiry, and he therefore felt It his duty to ascertain whether the prisoner was aware of the effect of the plea. He accordingly put some questions to him, and in reply to them the prisoner said he knew very well what hie was doing, be admitted he was guilty of stealing the carpetbag, and he did not wish to be tried by a jury for that offence. The plea of " Guilty" was then entered, aud the prisoner was removed from the bar. Mr. LILLEY, who is retained to defend the prisoner through the kind interference of the sheriff,, soon afterwvards came into court, and, having been informed of what had takenplace and communicated with the prisoner, he made an application to the Court to allow the prisoner to retract his plea of "Guilty" to the second Indictment, and that one of "N Not Guilty" should be entered. The prisoner, he said, was a foreigner, unacquainted with legal proceedings, and on that ground he trusted the Court would accede to the applieation. The CommissioN-ER said, he thought that, under the circumstances, the prisoner might be allowed to retract the plea of " GuUty ;" and a plea of "Not Guilty" was then en. tered. (Before Mr. Justice ERLE and Mr. Justice CROWDER.) Mr. LILLEY made another application to the Court on behalf of the prisoner Sattler. He said that the prisoner was only committed for trial (on Friday last, he had only been very recently instructed to defend him, and he had really not had an opportunity to make himself thoroughly acquainted with the facts so as to conduct his defence in a satisfactory manner. Upon these grounds, he said, his application was that the trial should be postponed to the next sesseon. Mr. BoDRin said, he was instructed (with Mr. Sleigh) to prosecute by the Corporation of the City of London, and they only acted, of course, upon public grounds. If the Court, therefore, thought the application for a postponerner. a reasonable one he should offer no opposition to that course being taken. Mr. Justice ERLE said, that as no inconvenience appeared to be likely to arise from the postponement the Court saw no objection to the trial standing over until the Wednesday of the next session. Mr. BODKNs then made an application for the postponement of the trial of two gentlemen named Young and Piper. against whom, he said, the grand jury had returned a true bill for misdemeanour. The charge was one of an extraordinary and unusual character; the defendants, a builder and an architect, being charged with having, while superin. tending the erection of a school or some building of that description upon some ground which 20 years ago had formed a portion of the Moorfields burying.ground, disturbed the remains of the deadwho had been interred there. He had not yet had an opportunity of looking at the indictment or of making himself acquainted with the precise nature of the charge, and in order to give him an opportunity to do so he had to apply that the trial might stand over to the January session. Mr, SLEIGIH said, he was instructed to conduct the prose. cution by the Commissioners of Sewers, and in his opinion the apphcation was a reasonable one, and he should therefore offer no opposition to it. The Court then directed that the trial should stand over to the nest session. Joseph Hemmingway, 45, a well-dressed man, pleaded "Guilty" to an indictment charging him with forging an acceptance to a bill of exchange for 311. 5s., with intent to defraud. Mr. CoOPER, who appeared for the prisoner, urged in mitigation that the prisoner had filled a respectable positon, but, being in difficulties he had committed th;s offence in the hope, so frequently entertained by persons in that position, that he should be able to retrieve himself and to make good the amount. He had never denied his guilt, and he now threw himself upon the mercy of the Court Mr. SLEIGH, who was instructed to prosecute, said, he felt it to be his duty to inform their lordships that the biU in question was not the only one that had been forged by the prisoner, but there were several others of the same description, and they had all been paid away by the prisoner in the course of his business as genuine instruments. Mr. Justice ERLE said, that this practice of carrying on a business by means of forged bills was one which their experience taught them was too frequently ado pted, and it was of the mosb dangerous description. He therefore felt it to be his duty as a warning not only to the prisoner, but to others, to prss a severe sentence, in order that It should be known that such a course of proceeding could only end in misery and ruin. He then sentenced the pri. soner to be kept in pelal servitude for six years. Wiliam Willcox, 5', was charged with uttering a forged check for 2501. He was alsocharged with uttering a forged order for a checkbook wih intent to defraud Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Sleigh conducted the prosecution. The prisoner was not defended by counsel. It appearedthatonthe 5th of November the prisoner went to the bankinghouse of Messrs. Coutts and Co., and presented an order for a checkbook, apparently signed by the firm of H. and S. H. Lewin, solicitors, of Southampton-street, who were customers of the bank, and the signature to the order being apparently genuine the check-book was given to him, On the following day the prisoner again presented himself at the bisk with a check for 2501. that had been taken out of the check-book, and was apparently drawn by Messrs. Lewin, and the signature was so perfectly well Imitated that the clerk had no suspicion, and he paid the check with a 2001.-note and 50 sovereigns, Between 2 and 3 o'clock on the same afternoon, the prisoner wentto the Bank of Englandandvwantedto changethe 2001.. note for sovereigns, but the circumstance of so iarge an amount of gold being required having excited the suspicion of the clerk to whom the note was given he put some questions to the prisoner, and he became very much con. fused, and said that the note had been given to him by a man to get changed. Funnell, the detective officer, was then called in, and he made some inquiries of the prisoner, in answer to which he stated that the man had given him the note on Ludgate-hill, and that he was tohave IL for his trouble in getting it changed. He also said that he was to have met the man again in St. Paul's-churchyard, and to have given him the money. The prisoner then produced 20 sovereigns from his waistcoat pocket, and gave them to tl e officer, and he said that he had given the remainder of tle gold to the man who had sent him with the check; and he at the same time said that he might as well teU the who!e truth about the matter. Mr. Lewin stated in the course of his evidence that the prisoner was an entire stranger to him, and he also stated that the signatures to the order for the checkbook and to the check were both most excellent imita. tions of his genuine signature, but there was not the least evi. dence to show by what means the prisoner had become aware of the fact that Messrs. Lewin kept an account at Coutts's or in what manner he had been enabled to obtain such a close imitation of his signature as to be enabled to decelio the clerk at the bank. The prisoner, when caUed upon for his defence, put in a written statement, in which he repeated the story he told the officer, and declared that he had been made the dupo of the man he referred to, Mr. Justice ERLE having summed up, the jury, without any hesitation, returned a verdict of Guilty. An efficer belonging to the Manchester police was then examined, and he proved that the prisoner was convicted in 1852, in that city, of stealing a quantity of carpet, and sentenced to be Imprisoned and kept to hard labour for 12 months. He added that at the time tbs conviction took place the prisoner occupied a respectable position at Manchester. The learned JUDGE, in passing sentence, said, that these offences upon bankers were carried out with the most con. sumnmate art, and if he had believed that the prisoner was a principal in this transaction he should have passed a much more severe sentence than the one he was about to pro. nounce. There could not, however, be any doubt that b e had been a guilty agent in the matter, and that he was per. fectly well aware of the fraudulent nature of the transaction in which he was engaged, and for that offence he ordered him to be. kept in penal servitude for four years. Joseph Drake, 25, was indicted for afelonious assault upon Alice Toomes, a girl 11years old. Mr. Sleigh prosecuted; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Blbton. It appeared that the prisoner was a milkman, residing in Bayham-street, Camden.town, and the relatives of the prosecutrix lived in the same neighbourhood, and at the time the offence was committed he was under an engagement of marriage with one of her elder sisters. The little girl was sent to take care of the prisoner's shop during his absence in the morning, and an arrangement was made that a bed should be made for her upon some chairs, and this was done for two or three nights. One night, however, it appeared that the prisoner came home very late, and he told the prosecutrix he could not make her bed and she must go and sleep in his room, and durng the night he committed the offence imputed to him, and it was accompanied by circumstances of great aggravation, The prisoner was found Guz.ilty, and sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for 16 years. NEW COURT. The Recorder sat in this court during the day, and disposed of several cases, not one of which possessed any fea. ture of sufficient public interest to warrant a report. THIRD COURT. (Before the CoirsioN SEPIJEANT,) John Clarke, 31, dyer, pleaded " Guilty " to several fndictments charging him with embezzlement. Mr. ROBINSOOi, who appeared for the prosecution, stated that the prisoner had been for many years in the employ of the prosecutor, who is a woollen merchant, at a salary of 3501. a-year, and had been treated by that gentleman with the greatest kindness, he having upon two oceasions previously to the present one not only overlooked some heavy defalcations of the prisoner but retained him in his service, and upon the first of these occasions the prisoner had embezzled S1. ; upon the second, 4001.; and now they had found out about 2001. He had been nine years with the prosecutor. The COuRT sentenced the prisoner to six years' penal servitude. Ann Alexander, 38, married, was indicted for marrying John Wilkinson, her husband being then alive. In this case it appeared that about 14 years ago the pri' soner left her husband, Thomas Wiliam Alex:ander, a short time after their marriage, and went with Wilkinson to merica, and previouslg to doing so married him, he (Wil. kinson) beIng at that time a married man. In ths case, there being no evidence to prove that the prisoner was the woman named in the certificate, the jury JohnrWilkinson, 45, shoemaker, was then indicted for feloniously in"aryng the woman nn aAlexander, his wife Frances being now" aMve. In this case, as iu the former, there was no witness to identify the prisonier as being the man whose marrlage the certificate0 mentloned, and lhe a-so was A equited. Thomas Wiliham Alexander, 49, shoemaker, the other hnsband of Anne Alexander, was then indicted for felonioulsly marying Rlebecca Collard Sayers. The prsoner pleaded " Guilty." MXt. ~ROORz prosecuted, and said that the case, although singular, was not one caThag for severe punishment, as the prisoner, no doubt, thought that the woman Alexander, -wbom the Court had tried, was not alive when he contracted the second mnarriage, wrhichL he did in 1850, at Faversham, m ent. His e onrst wife had left him 15 years ago for the The COMMON SE1tJEA:T said, that the conduct of the rst wiife and Wilkinson was most digracefl. The prito one month's imprisonment. him
MIDDLESEX SESSIONVS, Dec. 16. The December general sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex commenced this morning at Clerlkenwell before Mr. PASEY, Q. C., Assistant-Judge, andafullbench of magistrates. There were ol prisoners for trial-45 for feloy, and six formiaemeanour. After the grand jury had retired to their room, Mr. Coos'sm, the senior member of the bar present, congratulated the learned Assistant-Judge on resuming his seat after his severe illness, and expressed a hone that he would soon be restored to perfect health.- James Lane, 32, pleaded "Gullty" to an indictment, charging him with embezzling various sums of money, reeived by him on account of Messrs. Ind, Coope, and Co., his masters. Mr. F. H. LBws appeared for the prosecution, and recommended the prisoner to mercy, on the grouad that he had been in the service of the prosecutors 12 years, during which time, had he been so disposed, ho could have appropriated sums of money far larger than those he was now charged with having embezzled. Mr. POLAND, for the prisoner, said, It could not be disputed that the sums in question had been received and not accounted for. The prisoner had been traveUer to the prose. cutors, who were breWers, and his income was made up of 10s. per day for expenses and a commission upon orders. Having to call at many publichouses in the course of businesshe had indulged in expenditurebeyond his proper means; hut the money he had not accounted for he certainly would have replaced had he not been called upon in the sudden manner he was. The AssISTANT-JUDGE said, he would consider what the sentence ought to be. George Jones, 32, pleaded " Guilty" of having feloniously broken and entered the dwellinghouse of Thomrn Ashley, and stolen a watch therein. Ele was sentenced to nine months' hard labour. Thomas Maynard, 182 pleaded "Guilty" of stealing a horse, cart, and a quantity of sugar, the property of Peter Bowen and another. Sentenced to 18 months' hard labour. William Hurudall, 21, was convicted of stealing a mare, value 61., the property of Joseph Stokes. The Court sentenced him to 12 months' hard laboar. John Roberts, a2ias Rawley, 62, was convicted of stealng five silver spoons and other articles, the property of Edward Henry Bradley. Sentenced to 18 months' hard labour. Mr. CREASY presided in the Second Court, and disposed of several cases of simple larceny.
POzIcE. MAYSION-HOUSE.-William WaUace Thompson, commercial traveller, in the service of Messrs. Jones, oil merchants, in Leadenhall-buildings, who had been remanded upon the charge of having embezzled upwards of 2,0001. belonging to his employers, was again brought before the LoRD MAYOR for further examination. Mr. Wontner again attended in support of the prosecution, and Mr. Morgan appeared for the prisoner. Air. Wontner said -This case was remanded in order tbat an opportunity might be afforded for the prosecutors to obtain the necessary evidence to complete the charge against the prisoner. It is desirable that we should have an oportunity of going through the accounts before making a final selection of the cases upon which we shaU proceed. A witness is in attendance from the country who will speak to the payment of several large sums of money which the prisoner has embezzled. I stated at the last examination that he was 2,0001. deficient, according to his own handwriting. He received upwards of 7,0001. on account of his employers, and only accounted for 5,0001. I am sorry to say that, as far as the investigation has gone, every post brings us information of hundreds of pounds that he has embezzled. I propose to examine to-day a gentleman from Leeds, who wil speak to having paid him several sums of money-. MIr. T. Etches said,-I am cashier and superintendent of the business of Messrs. Connyer and Sons, leather manu. facturers at Leeds, who deal with the prosecutors for oiL The prisoner has teen in the habit of caUing at our establishment to take orders and receive payments. On the 12th of May Mr. Conmyer paid him, in my presence, 3071. 4s.; on the 14th of June, a61. 4s. 6d. ; and on the 15th of September, 1601. 1s. 6d. I poduce the receipts which he gave at the time for these sums. Mr. Charles James Jones, one of the prosecutors, proved that the prisoner had not accounted for the sums spoken of by the last witness. Mr. Wontner.-I now ask for a further remand in order that we may complete the case, to do which it will be necessary to bringsome witnesses from Scotland. We have plenty of stamped receipts for 3001., 2001., and other large sums of money received through the post from the customes of the prosecutors, showing the frightful amount of tha prisoner's defalcations. Mr. Morgan applied that the prisoner might be admitted to bail, which cosud be procured to any amount. The LORD MAYOR said, the case was of too serious a nature to admit of his accepting baiL The prisoner, who wears a profusion of whiskers and moustache, and who seemed greatly depressed in spirits, was remanded tiUl to-morrowv (this day) week. In our impression of Tuesday last, under the head of "ausion-houso," was inserted a letter which had been enclosed to the Lord Mayor by a gentleman, to whom it had been addressed by a Mr. Lucius Wi]son, residing at the Hotel de 1'Europe, Avignon, France. A gentleman had advertised in The Times for a situation in Spain, and Mr. Wilson lost no time in letting him know that he himself was commissioned by a first-rate Spanish firm to engage a confidential clerk, and that as written testtmonials as to character would not be received it would be necessary that he should personally visit England, for the purpose of making inquiries, not only respecting the habits of the advertiser but also into the stability of his proposed eureties. Mr. Wilson concluded by stating that he required 201. to be sent to him forthwith, for the purpose of defraying his expenses to London and back. The advertiser was at once convinced that an attempt had been made to defraud him of 201., and sent Mr. Wilson's letter to the Lord Mayor, who handed it to our reporter. The result of the publication of that letter was, that yesterday his Lordship received several communications from gentlemen in the country containing enclosures, the productions of Mr. Wilson, all of them offering, on the advance to him of 201., to carry out their wishes as expressed in their advertisements. Mr. J. Butler, solicitor, of Tooley-street, handed to the Lord Mayor about a dozen letters that he had recently received from Mr. Lucius Wilson in answer to an advertisement which he had inserted in The Times in October last, requesting information relative to a man named James Robinson, who in 1830 left England for New South Wales. A few days after the appearance of the advertisement Mr. Butler received the following letter:- " Hotel BrIstol, a MarseIlles. 20th October, 1S57. S(r,-I bave just meen yoar advertisement in SAturday's 'Times,' and cau give you satiafactory evidence of the death of James Robinson, , herein meutioued, for I was preeent at hlis lnterment, and knew him welL If, therefore, you require for this purpoe msy presence In London I am Drepared, on being tendered my expenses. to proceed thither. I calculsate my OxD,enea to Lo.don. etas there, and expenses back, at the lowe3t figure at x20. Soen nour enclosing me a Bank of Esugland note for that amount by retirn ot post, I wll start from lhis city on Mouday next for your office. Without that sum I will not more a Dtep, as I have no notion of putting myzelf to the slightest inconvenience aud abandonIng my family for 10 or 12 days for the sole purpose ofserving strangers I ran alsor give you tirse name and adress ot the clergman ah, attended Bebln30a In hlsadying hours. I never prepay iSers un other peonle's business, nor, for a similar reason, releasw their answers If unpaid to me, You know my terms, and It they don't suit, then pray, favour me with the charity of yar silence. As I am a Drivate gen tlem an, and not a commrdsl traveller or clrk, I travel, as my postion erntitlea meo, wlth every comuort and care. *-I remain, your obedient servant, *'Ll szIJ WIISON. Mr. J. Butler, solUcdtor, 191, Tooley-street. London-brldge." Mr. Butler was pestered with letter after letter, the following being an extract from the last he received:- - I'm ready, as I before told you, to make the affidavit of the death of Robinson upon previoualy receiving the -020 Bank of England note, I am ready to make It before the Brltiss Consul In Paris or Boulsuie or Bordeiaux I The LORD MAYoR. said he was much indebted to Mr. Butler and the other gentlemen who had written to him for affording him through the medium of tho press an opportunity of putting the public on. their guard against the manceuvres of Mr. Lucius 'Wilson to plunder the unwary. It would seem from the correspondence that Mr. Wilson's peculiar line of business keeps him ia a state of almost perpetual motion, his letters being dated from the foUowing places:-Hotel Bristol, a Marseiles; Hotel des Princes, 1 Aix, en Provence; Hotel do l'Europe, ;I Avignon, Paris, Boulogne, and Bordeaux. The LORD MAYOR requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt, through Messrs. Coutts, of 31. 3s. from E . h. T." for the poor-box. GUILDHALL.-We are requested to acknovrledge the receipt of 101. for the poor-box from " C. V.," who desired it might be acknowledged in The Ti mes. BOW-STREET.-Mr. HEmy has received 51. for the poorbox from " A. R." An acknowledgment in The Times was requested. MARLBoltouGH,-sTREET-Emile Bruninya, a foreigner, was finally examined on the charge of stealing two gold watches, the property of AL Levasseur, watchmaker, Soho. Ainn Laysell, housekeeper to AL Levasseur, said, on Friday last the prisoner caUed at the house, stating he had a letter of recommendation to M. Levasseur. She told him 1AL Lovasseur had gone into the city, hut as she expected him home shortly he had better take a seat in the shop. The prisoner sat down and waited for some time, and witness left the shop for a minute or two, bnt when she returned the prisoner was gone. She immediately missed one gold watch, and wheuM. Levasseur came home and was informed of what had happened in his absenco he made another eearch and missed a second watch. Charles Cox, pawnbroker, Frith-street, produced a gold watch which the prisoner had breught to his shop to pawn, but which was stopped, as the prisoner did not account sEtisfactorily for its possession. Francis Brown produced the other watch, which the priEoner had pawned at his shop. The prisonerrdid not deny his guilt. Air. BE.VDOX sent him to prison for three months. The magistrate has received from " T. M. T." 31. 3s., per Messrs Coutts, for the poor-box. WESTMISTM-31. 3S. was received from " T. M . T.," cer Messrs. Coutts, and 51. from "A . L.," for the poor- Wo9RsmpSTREE'..-" C. V,'B" half of a 101.-note for the poor-box has been received. CLLRKENN%L.L.-A post-office order for 31 3L. from C T. M. T., per Messrs. Coutts aud Co., has been received for the poor-box. THAN3ms.-James MlUner, aged 21, painter, William Horton Pring, 27, agent, Maria Caldwell described as a married woman, 25, and EIarriet Underwood the wife of the prosecutor in the case, 25, were charged with stealing a watch, money, bedding, furniture, and other articles, value 501., the property of James Underwood, landlord of the beerhouse calle the Railway Inn, Chancery-lane, Manchester. Mr. Charles Young, solicitor, stated the case for the prosetion, and said the woman Underwood had absconded from Manchester with her paramour, Mfiner, with whom it was believed she had long carried on an illicit intercourse, and, assisted bv him and the prisoners Caldwell and Pring, stripped her husband's house of every valuable it cont%ined. There was also a charge of assault against the woman Underwood, who struckher husband with a candlestick, and threw his watch at his head. The prosecutor, a respectable-looking man, said he kept a beerhouse in the parish of Ardwick, Mlanchester. On Friday, the 5th inst., he was in company with Milner, who was in the practice of using his house. Milner said he had two tickets for the theatre, and invited him to go there, to which he consented, and left his house all safe and his wife in it. Milner made an excuse for quitting the theatre before the performances terminated, and left him at 10 o'clock. Witness returned ta his house at 10 minutes after U o'clock, and found it closed. The back part of it was exposed, and the doors open, and anybody could have got in. He found upon entering the house that it had been nearly emptied of its contents, and his wifo was misslDe Mfr. Charles Young here read a long list of stolen artioles, including the prosecutor's lnen and wearing apparel, and on mentioning three counterpanes, the prosecutor's wife, a most noisy and impudent woman, who frequently interrupted the proceedings, clled OUT. "It's a He; there was only one counterpane; I only took one away." fr. YAP.DLBY-You had better conduct yourself with propriety, woman. The prosecutor continued.-Maria Caldwell was a servant of mine. Milner and Pring nsed my house. Pring is a sort of agent or lawyer's clerk. I found all the prisoners in the same room yesterday ia Bromley. I found my property in the room, and began to remove it, on which my wife began smashing the things, knocked my hat over my head, threw a candlestick at me, and abused me. Mr. YARDLzy said he should remnand three of the prisoners on the charge of robbery, and the prisoner Underwood on the charge of assault, until Saturday. Mrs. Underwood found one surety in 801., and was liberated. Miner, Pring, and Caldwell were sent to prison. ILMLsTm-The Magistrate requested the acknowledg. ment of 61. from "A. R." for the poor-box.
Lmuv6rtsemelt.J-.i'o the Ladles of Esigland.-Now ready, the fhist volume of "The Lades' TressurY' prlce Ss. at extra gilt cloth, or 'with giUt edges SD. Sd. Thls Tolumo of the "Lades' T ary," a a work designed expresslYforladies, lone of the moet elegant ever prodnced, and as an aDproPriate Christmas present or new yeas's gilt-book for a lady It oannot be survassoL Volume I. of the " Ladies' lreasury" contains upwards of 20 ilOlstra.. liOns engraved in the higbest style of art: also a beautiful equtestrian porrClt of Her Majestr Queen Vlctorla. engrared on steeL The dtsrary contents include tiles by the first writers ; a'SO Instructions in elegant and uskful arts, including fBower painting, paper aowir rok3ng: Needleork, by Mmr. Warren; Conversations on Oondue' and O^rriage or how a Yonrg Lady sbould oondict heroself in Society, by a Lady of 'ashIon: Easyieuons In French and German; letters on Domestic Eoonomy &o On January I wUl be pubUshed a grand double number, price i(. itoomplete vol. 1), containing about 25 engravinga. London. Ward and Lock. Feet-atreet. Advertisernent-The Christmas double number of the ., etrated Times," to be publisbod. on Saturday) (prioe 6d. the two numbers, or free by post for 7 stamps), wil contain 14 Psges of En. gravings and the following Christmas tales poems, and sketesbw. with aU the News of the week:-" Three Christmases Altost," by James Hanney-" Out In tbe Cold," by Itobert Brougb-" The Narrative ot an Extraordinary Passage in the Life of Mr. Jobn Tidyehoes, ot Lon. don," Iy G. A.Sala-"The Night Attack," by Edmund rYates"Caught in the Snow," by Augustus Mayhewv-" A Story about ieast Goose, by J. Holin6gbead-" The BloedIog Lady of Woodford_ gran.ge," by J. Brldgemnan-' AYarn in Verse, by Rlobert Brough-. grThe Christmas Lord of Mirule, by Augustus ablyhew-with a ,ariety of shorter Skeither. 1nmmediate orders Ehould be given to the agents. OMfces 141, Fleet-street.
TRE EAST INDIA' OUSE A special general corrt of this company 'stheld at tboir house in Leadenhall-street yesterd3y, £or 4ie purpose of lying before the proprietors of East Indi stock for their approbation resolutions of the 'Court -of Directors granting . to Major-General Sir Archdale Wllson, Bart., EC.B., an annuity of 1,0001.; and to Lady Neill,- tho wvidow of the late Brigadier-General Neill, and-too hrs.'Nicholson, the mother of the late Brigadier-General John 'Nicholson, special pen. sons of 5004 per annum renpectlvky. PENSION TO SIR A CHDALE WILSON. The CHAiLSiA?.-Gentlemnen, 'I feel that my duty as chairman of the Court of Directozs imposes upon mo this day a very arduous task. It -is not that I doubt for a moment the cordial concurrence of tho Court of Proprietors in the resolutions passed by the Court of Directors, appreciating as we all do most highly the services of Major-General SirArchdale Wilson; but what I feel is that I am not competent to speak in adequate terms of the great services which that officer has rendered, equally to India and to England. Speaking on milUtary matters, I maus claim the indulgenee of the Court. The services of General Wilson from the moment he entered into the service of the Company have been highly meritorious. Previous to 1S46 he was employed in several matters of great importance, by which his habits of business, as well as his mility character, raised him in the high estimation of the Indian Government. I find that when he was at home on furlough, and the invasion of the Sikhs in our provinces took place, durlng the administration of Lord Hardinge, General Wilson volunteered to return to his duty, and that this act on his part was highly appreciated by the Court of Directors. Afterwards, during the Sikh war, he was employed In Brigadier-General Sir Hugh Wheeler's force,who, in his despatches, said that IAeutenant-Colonel Wilson had written so modestly of the Artillery that it was his (Sir Elugh Wheeler's) duty to state that the exertions of General Wilson and of all those who were under him were most zealous and successfuL In June, 1857, happily for many, Brigadier Wilson was appointed to the head of the Artilery at Meerut, and consequently he had the command of the army from Meerut which was despatched to General Barnard at DelhL It wonld be in the recollection of every one the two battlos which he fought between Meernt and Delhi with greatly inferior numbers to those of the enemy, and that in both instances he was singularly successful, defeating the enemy with great slaughter and taking many prisoners. Sabsequently he moved on to Delhi and joined Sir Henry Barnard the day before the attack on the helghtsof Delhi. Sir EL Barnard acknowledges the services of General Wilson in the strongest terms. It was a gallant action, fought at the end of a long march when the men were fatigued. Bat General Barnard most wiselydetermined not to stop with the business half done, and in determiing to take in the whole of the heights he was most ably supported by Sir Arcldale Wilson. The consequence of al this was that General Wilson acquired at an early period of the campaign a hlgh reputation, and when General Reid was obliged to resign the command of the army he made over the command to Brigadier-General Wilson, and I find In tbegeneral orders these words, used by Goneral.Reid:"Of Brigadier-General Wilson'smerits it is unnecessary for Major-General Reid to speak. His judgment, galantry, andconduct have been conspicuous since heled his small but victorious band from Meerut, up to this day." From the time that General Wilson took the command there was a marked alteration in the tactics of the siege. I saw yesterday the only gentleman who has arrived in this country who was present at the siege and at the storming of Delhi, and who did not leave the place until it was completely in our hands. I allude to Captain Lowe. I asked that gentleman whether there had no. been at the time of General Wilson's taking the command a marked alteration in the tactics of the siege. He said there had been, but that he attributed no blame whatever to the former Generals; because, he said, it was necessary in the first instance to show our abllity to attack the mutineers; and that if we had shown ourselves open to their attack, and that we were liable to be cut off, they would have operated upon our rear, which would have led to the worst results. But at the time that General Wilson took the command the effect which had already been produced justified a different policy. But for all this we are indebted to the indomitable energy of Sir John Lawrence. <Cheers.) You are as weeU acquainted, probably, with all the circumstances that led to the capture of Delhi as myself; but it is Impossible to speak upon the subject withoat using terms of the highest praise of the wonderful gallantry evinced by our troops and without bearing testimony to the credit due to the General commanding during those six days of most perilous conflict. Those who know what it is to contond against a mob in the streets like the conflicts at Paris may conceive what it was to contend against a regular soldiery prepared beforehand, having the houses loopboled, and every preparation mnade, and even trains laid of bottles o' beer and brandy to induce our treeps to drink-a device which in too many instances unhappily succeeded. Well, even under all these disadvantages, and under the vast disproportion of the numbers of the besieged and the besiegers-the numbers being in the case of a siege absolutely reversed-yet, notwithstanding these enormous difficulties, insuperable, as I believe, by any but British troops, the assault was successful- and I am happy to say that our treoope were moat gallantly seconded by the Sikhs, who are spoken of in the highest terms of praiso by Captain Lowe. Indeed, it would be impossible to use words of too high admiration of the troops and of the General who aommandeed them, by whom the garrison of Delhi was taken after so long and arduous a siege. What said Sir Colin Campbell, that veteran soldier, on the subjeot7 He says:- 'It Is impossible to be too lavish of praice for the untiring energy, the invincible fortitude, aud spleudid gauantry by which this force ha, been distinguished, from the General in command to the private soldier In the ranks. Alt have done thelr duty most nobly, and the steadfat courage of the men has enabled the General to samsy out his I enterprise In spite of scauty means and a deadly season." This encomium has, no doubt, gone to the heart of every British or native soldier, from the General to the private. Well, the result has been that the services of General Wilson have been recognied by hisSovereign, who hasbestowed upon him the honour of Knight Commander of the Bath and the dignity of a baronet. Her Majesty has also appointed him Major-General of the army, and it now devolves upon us to do our duty towards him. (ERear, hear.) When the Prime Minister, in the House of Commcna, moved for a corresponding pension to General Havelock he stated that the East India Company claimed as their privilege to reward their own officers. I most confidently feel that the proprietors will not feel that the revenue of the East India Company is misapplied in rewarding the services of men who have rendered an essential benefit to India as well as to England. (Hear, hear.) I believe that the best interests of the people of India are involved in the re-establishment of British supremacy in that country. (Hear, hear.) My opinion also is that such is the feeling of the people of India themselves, (Hear, bear.) Therefore It Is that I cannot feel the smallest hesitation in recommending to this Court the adoption of the vote unanimously come to by the Court of Directors. (EHear, hear.) One word more. It has been seen that Her Majesty's Government are pre- ared to recomimend an extension of the pension to General aveleck to his successor-that is, to his son. It would have been very irregular for me to have put a rider on the reeolution before the Court. if there had been a similar elaim in the case of General Wilson. But General Wilson has not a son; if he had I should have thought it my duty to propose a similar extension of the pension. But his not having a son is my reason for not maklng a proposal of such an extension of the pension. I now move the adoption of the following resolution:- " That, as a special mark of the sense which this Court entertains of the skill, souud judgment, steady resolution, and gallantry of Major-General Sir Archdals Wilson, Bart, Knight Commander of the Bath, In the operatioms which reaulted in theostora and capture ot Delhi, by whlch, under the blaming of Divise Ptovidenco, the reputation of the British arms and nation has been nobly sustained, an annuity ot £1,v00 be granted to Sir Aschdsae Wilon, to comnmence from the 14th of September, 1^57, the day oa which Delhi was stormed." Sir F. CURRI4, deputy chairman, seconded tha motion, and said that after what had fallen from the chairman with reference to facts, of which the Court as well as himself were informed, ail having an equal opportunity of ascertaining the merits of General Wilson, it was unnecessary that he should enter at any length into arguments to induce the Court to assent to the resolution before them. The question was then put, and the resolution was unanmmously agreed to, with cheers. PENSIOXS TO LADY NSEILL AND MRS. NICHOLSON. The CAIRxANc.-I will now lay before you the claims of Brigadier General Neil aud Brigadier-General Nicholson. e c,annot speak in the present instance with the satisfaction with which we have spoken of Sir Arohdale Wilson, ho Ihope will live many years to enjoy the honour bestowed upon him by his Sovereign. (Hear.) We are now about tospeak of othe services Of men who have ,lssc fro- us, and vwe -re encleavouring to show Our sympathy to the survivors of two most gallant officers who most faithfully eerved the East India Company as brave eoldiers, and who had, unhappily for their country and their families, died nobly in the discharge of their duties. Therefore we must speak comparatively in bated breatb, with feelings of sorrow maingled with our gratitude and admiration for their great services. General Neill belonged to the Madras army, and held the comm-and of the Fusileers of that Presidency. He served in the second Burmese war, and received the thanks of the General commanding and of the Governor-General for his service; but it was not tiR his arrival at Bengal in March, 1857, that he conmenced that career of distinction which, alas! has been too short for his country, and for his family, though not for his fame. (Hear, hear.) He was sent from Madras, and arrived at Allahabad on the 11th of June, and immediately assumed the command of the statiOn. He afterwards served at Beonares at a most critcal moment, just at the time when the Sepoys at that station were upon the very edge of the mutiny. He assumed the command of the station on Brigadier Pon- sonby becoming unfit for duty in coDsequence of a couP de solelc. With extraordinary vigour and energy he kept an opening fire upon the mutineors and drew them out of the station, and was thereby the means not only of saving the station of Beneres, but of the whole of that province. jIndeed, it is impossible to estimato too highly the service ho rendered to India by that single act, because no one could say what might have been the consequence if the mutiny at Benares had been su%cessful. The communication between Benares and Allahabad was kept open by the exertions of General Neil, in conjunction with Captain Fraser, and this service of General NeiLI met with the warm approbationt of the Commander.in.Chief. He, with a force af a few hundreds, was thereby enabled to force his way through a strong position, occupied by thousands of muhspeers, to the station of Cawupore. For these services he deserved our warmest acknowledgnsents, and would to God IQ had lived to receive them ! (Cheers.) From Cawupors 1aecOMPaRIied UVneral IlAvele9Ckinal tku isd'vanmt n l his retreats, and, most inhappily for ihis country, his widow, and his family, he lost his life en the last occasion when General Havelock and Genervl Wilson forced their way to the Residency at Lucknow. I wil merely add to this memoir of General Neill's brief career-for aU the great services performed by him were orowded within a very few months-the words of the Governor.General in council, in which he says that he cannot refrain from expressing the deep regret with which he hears of the death of Bgadier-Gereral lNeiL Brigadier-General Neill, during his short but active career in Bengal, had won the respect aud confidence of the Governnment of India. He had made himself conspiouous as an intelligent, prompt, self-relying soldier, ready of resource and stout of heart, and the Governor.General in conncil offers to the Government and to the army of Madras his sincere condolence upon the loss of one who was an honour to the service of their presidency. ler Majesty has bcen pleased to notify that if General Neil's life had been happily spared itwas her gracious intention to confer upon him the dignity of Knight Commander of the Bath. Thie Queen has graciously allowed his widow to bear the title which she would have borne if her husband had ltved. (Cheers.) I now turn to the case of the late General John Nicholson, whose case is distinguished in one remarkable respect from that of the two other ofacers whose names I have brought before you. General Nicholson's life has been one continued service in India. Re was horn in 1822 and entered the service in 1839. He was simply a regimental captain, and, yet, in spite of the jealousy which the system of seniority created, this gallant man, who was not 35 years of age on the day he unhappily died, had risen to the rank of brigadier-general commanig a division of the army before Delhi. (Oheers.2 I believe I may say that he held that command and exercised his powers without exciting the smalest spark of jealousy on the part of any of his brother officers. (Cheers.) Great must have been the force of his character. I believe that since the time when the senior officer surrendered to young Clive that command which by right belonged to him for long services there has never been a voluntary submission of command to so young a man, and that simply because of the foresight of Sir John Lawrence, who saw that he was the right man to be put in the right place. He fought through the whole of the Affghanistan campaign.; and served with his regiment in the Sutlej campaign of 1845-46. He was In 1847 appointed to a civil office, and in the capacity of political agent performed great services in the two Punjab wars. My hon. faiesd on my right (Sir F. Currie) was then Resident at Lahore and he can speak of the services which Captain Nicholson rendered on that occasion. Passing over hisservices at Lahore, I may state that he was engaged in action with the Silch forces at Chillianwallah and also at the battle of Gujerat. For his services in the Punjab he waspromoted by special brevet to the rank of major, and received a medal and a clasp. In January, 1850, he quitted India on furlough to Europe, and mark what was his course. Instead of spending his time in England and enjoying himself, his first object was to obtain letters of introduction to some leading Generals commanding large armies on the continent, andto spend his time in visiting those armies and acquiring miUtary knowledge from observation of their system. (Cheers.) In November, 1851, he returned to Indta and was reappointed deputy-commissioner in the Punjab. At the beginnin,g of the outbreak Sir John Lawrence, who was himself the right man in the right place, and who knew how to select the right man, appointed Mfajor Nicholson assistant commissioner of the Peshawur division, andin Augs, 1857, General Nicholson was detached in command of a detachment to intercept a force of the enemy moving from Delhi towards Bahadurghur. Bedefeatedthe rebel force, drove them from their position near the town of Nujufghur, and captured all their gus. After performing these and other services in the Punjab he was sent Ioy Sir John Lawrence to Delhi. Almost on the day he arrived at Delhi he was sent out to attack a force which had been sent by the enemy to intercept our siege train, and after marching 18 miles he came up with the enemy, and completely routed him. Captain Lowe, with whom I have conversed, said that he was present at that engagemens, and that the enemy fought desperately and with much valour, but that our troops were superior even to their desperation, and the rebels were most thoroughly beaten; but to show the character of the man, he said that General Nicholson so much exposed himself as actually to be in dangerof beingshot by his own men. His conduct in this engagement was praised in the highest terms by General Wilson. He was subsequently appointed to the command of a column of infantry at the assault of the City of Delhi. On the 14th of September the awsault was delivered on four points. The first column, under BrigadierGeneral Nicholson, assaulted the main breach, their advance being admirably covered by the first battalion of Her Ma. jesty's 60th Rifes, under Colonel J. Jones. The oparation was crowned witu brilliant success, the enemy after severe resistpuce being dilven from the Cashmere bastion, the main guard and its vicinity in complete rout. The firm establshment of the reserve rendered the assaulting columns free to act in advance, and Brigadier-General Nicholson, supported by Brigadier Jones, swept the ramparts of the place from the Cashmere to the Cabul gates, occupying the bastions and defences, capturing the guns, and driving the enemy before him. During the advance, just in the corner at the point of the Cashmere-gate, there came a terrible fire from two 24-pounders, and it was while calling upon the men to attack those guns that Brigadier-General Nicholson was most unhappily shot and dangerously wounded. Captain Lowe says that nothing but a great strength of body and of mind could have enabled any man to bear up under such a wound as General Nicholson then received. When General Wilson's despatch came away General Nicholson was alive, and therefore General Wilson l dic not speak of him with any distinct emphasis upon his services; at the same time he uses an expression stronger almost than any I have ever seen used, aDd he calls him a most briMliant officer. It is impossible to speak without deep emotion of the early death of so gallant a soldier (cheers) and of so admirable an officer. (Cheers.) Hfs whole life was one continued career of dovotion to his duty. He was perfectly insensible to fear. But hb fell as a soldier desires to fall,only too early for his country-he feil in the discharge of his duty in pushing forward his long victorious troops towards the consuanma. tion of a glorious victory. (Cheers.) It is proposed to grant to his mother a pension of 5001. a-year. This is the second son she has lost in India. I recommend the following resolutions to your cordial approbation:- " That as a mark of the high senze estertained by this Court of the serlices rendered by the late Brigadler-General NellU, on whom Her Majesty has been graciossly pleased to confer the posthumous dignity of Knicht Conamander of the Batb, a speaial pension of £50 a-year be granted to the widow of that distinguished officer, In substitution for the pensionary allowance to which Lady NeI is entitled und er the regulations for the grant of pensions to the widows of officers kUtlod in action with the enemy.' l That: Inu rcoltsinhe oe the briliiant career and emineut services of the late Brigadler-General John Nicholson, on whom also Her Mlajesty has been graciously pleased to confer the poasthumous dignity of Knight Commander of the Bath, a sPecial grant of £500 per annumn be made to the mother of that distinguisbee officer, in substitution for the pension to which that lady would be entitled under the regulations of the Eervice."1 Sir F. CURRIE seconded the resolution ; at the same time he thought It unnecessary that he should say anything to justify the Court in passing these resolutions unanimously. General Nicholson was once under him in the civil service; but, in consequence of his never communicating to him (Sir F. Currie) the service he himself rendered, it was not often he had an opportunity of noticing Captain Nicholson's merits; but he could inform the Court that Lord Dalhousie on one occasion wrote to him a private letter, in which his Lordship said, "I am by no means satisfied why the name of Nicholson should be kept back." He in general terms wished to bear his testimony to the very high estimation he had of General Nicholson's character. He was one of his (Sir F. Curr2e's) assistants during a most important period for 18 months, and though associated with many eminent names none more prominently stood forth than that of General Nicholson. He was a man of the highest personal courage, and the most reckless daring. These, to be sure, were mere military merits, but his judgment, his energy, his indomitable inflexibility, and as a natural consequence his influence over others were such as he (Sir F, Currie) had never seen in any other man. The resolutions were then read. Mr. LENVLs moved, as an amendment,- " That the sans of 1SOO propsedo as an annuity to Lady Neill does not represent the censeof this Court. and is inadequate for the support of a lady holding the posltlon of the widow of a X,Ol and, advertIng to the great services of General Nel4 to the high posalion he had acquired as a soldier and a General, this Court 1s of opinton that an anunity of £1,200 would more a5eqnuately represent the station in society whicbhLady Nell would have enjoled had her husband not fllemin the service of his country. And this Court ts of opinton that the rewards proposed In the c3ses of Generals Ilavelock and Wilson are wholly inadequate to meet the requixements of justlce and the nerits of the Indlvidnals." It was needless for him (Mr. Lewin) to say that he was not opposed to any one of the pensions, but his wonder was that, after the high terms of praise in which the chairman had poken of Generals Wilson, Neill and Nicholson, he should have proposed such inadequate rewards for their service, But it was a common remark that the East India Company never adequately rewarded their owia servants, There was a word in the resolution which he wished to have explained. ft stated that the grant of 5001. a-year was to be in substitution of the pensionary allowance to Lady Neill The CH.IR1, said, by the regulations the widow of an officer killed in action was entitled to 1201. a-year for life. This pension of 5001. was in substitution of that 1201. a- year. Mr. LEWVIN regretted to hear that, and concluded by moving his amendment. Mr. LocKA, MLP., seconded the amendment. No explanation had been given as to what this pension of 5001. a. year was to be the substitution of. The chairman had already said that 1201. a-year would be deducted from the receipt of Lady Nteill if the resolution were adopted in the terms proposed. There was also another fund-namely, the Military Fund, on which officers' widows had as good a claim as any gentleman had to his dividends. The ClaAim. as said the resolution would not affcot that claim, Mr. LocstE was glad to have elicited that explanation. StiL, he thought the sum of 5001. a-year to the widow of a General officer, who had rendered such services to his country, and who would have to sestain tho dignity of her Yank as a lady of a Knight Commander of the Bath, was exceedingly small. Air. Serjeant GAZELEE supported the amendment. Ee understood that Lady Neil had nine children; 5001. a- year, therefore, was a sorry pittance to bestow on her. Without going so far as Mr. Lewin, he would suggest that the 1201. a-year should not be deducted, and that the pension should be raised to say 6001. or 7001. a-year. As to the case of General NSicholson, he wished to know what the mother of that laimented officer now received. The CE. JRMsAN.- She would be entitled to 801. a-year. Serjeant GAZELEE.observea that she had a title to support, and was, be uderstood. 70 years of age. Deal liberally with her. Lot her have the 8001. a-year, and increase th2e pension of Lady Noill to 7501. a-year. TheCiAna- am wilting to meet your wishes thus fa-r-to mnake the pension of 500. a-year clear of all deducetions. This wir leave La.dy Neill, in the receipt of the 1201. a-year allo,wed by Government to the widons of officers kiled oni the field. Hlaving ina:ostbis concession, I hope the lion: proprietor wil u9tvpress 'laenm t,It should l.e remembered that it is 'our own money we are voting away. Mr. HE=ss said it was desirable to know exactly what would be the unims which ady NeiU would he entitled to receive independently of this vension of 500l. a-year. The CHAiRmtAw.-Sbe will be entitled to receive the 1201. a-year from the Govesurnent, 201. a-year from the Compassionate Fund, and there will also be about 500I. or 6001. comlng to her from the Military Fund. Mr. DENT.-Yes, bat that is a sum derived from a fand to which her husband has contributed, and is not a benefit conferred by the Company. Alter some very considerable discussion on the question as to the amount of the pension to he granted to the two MIr. RxEGT~rON reminded the Court that if there were any money whatever In the Company's exchequer it was owing entirely to the services of Generals Ravelook, Wilson, Nlcholson, Nelll, and other eminent and gallant men, many of whom had lost their lives to save the East India Company whatever revenues they night now possess (Cheers.) The CHAnIRc.N said, although it might be considered very ungracious, he must put the amendment to the vote. On a division there vere for the amendment 18, and against It 31. The amendment was conseqeuently lost by a majoity of 13. Mr. LocKtE said the amendment which had just been disposed of referred not only to the case of Lady Neill but also to that of Mrs. Nicholson. Now, although he conld not see any difference in principle between the two cases, still, as other hon. proprietors were of opinion that there did exist a difference, he would move as an amendment that the sum of 7aO1. should be granted as a pension to Lady Neul] Mr. Serjeant G&zxrxx seconded the amendment. After some farther discussion the Court again divlded, when the numbers were,-for the amendment, 20; against it, 31; majority against, UL The origInal resolutions were then agreed to, and the Court adjourned.
THE JEUFOSSE TIAL. (From Galignauni?s Messenge:.) It may be remembered that a, great sensation was caused last June in Normandy by a gentleman named Guillot, of Aubevoye, having been shot dead in the park of a lady of ancient family and considerable property named Jeufosse, of St. Aubin-sur-Gaillon, and the sensation extended to all France when shortly after it became known that the gamekeeper of the lady had been arrested for having fired the fatal shot, and that she herself, and her two sons, had also been taken into custody for having excited him to do it, and that all four were to be brought to trial for murder. The tra commenced yesterday morning before the Court of Assizes of the Eure, sitting at Evreux, and so great was the interest It excited that the town was filled with the country gentry and the peasantry from miles around. The court was, of courge, crowded to excess. The prisoners were placed at the bar in a row; the gamekeeper, whose name is Crepe], occupying the first plawe, and Madame de Jenfosie being placed between her two sons. Crepel has a somewhat sterni expression of features. Madame de Jeufosse, an elderly wonaan, has good features, with black eyes and hair, and a pale complexion, hut her look is severe; her elder son is rather stout, and not very good-looking; the younger has a pleasing face, wvth very fine eyes, and is of gentlemanly bearing. M. Berryer appeared as counsel for Madame de Joufosse and her two sons, and M. Deschamps, of the bar of Rouen, for the gamekeeper. Madame uillot, widow of the victim, a young woman, dressed in deep mourning, was present; she appeared borne down by sorrow. In answer to the usual questions, Crepel said that he was 44 years of age and lived at St. Aubin-surGaillon; Madame do Jeufosse that she was 48 years old, was a landowner, and resided at the chateau of Jeufosse in that village; tne other two prisoners said that their respective names were Ernest and Albert, their ages 25 and 22, their place of residence BRe Papillon, Paris, and that they were both landowners. The indictment, which was then read, was to the following effect:-On the 12th of June, at about half-past 10 o'clock at night, a shot was fired in the grounds of the chateau of Jeufosse, and a man struck by eght slugs fell to the ground dying. The person who fired the shot was Crepel, gatnekeeper to Madame de Jeufosse, and the other was Emile Gullot, a mau residing at the neighbouring village of Aubevoye. Crepel, on the watch behind a firtree. which enabled him to see withoutbeingseen, had perceived Guillot approach the tree, place a letter between two bricks at the foot of it, and then retire towards a clump of shrabs at the distance of about 26 yards; but before Gunllot had reached the shrubs Crepel, raising his gun, and taking aim at him, cried out " Halt; " and then pulling the trigger exclaimed "You are dead!" He immemdiately went to the chateau, and after along conversation with Madame de Jeufosse in her private apartment, to which ha gained access by a side door, returned to his own house. Gillot, wto was left writhing on the ground in agony, cried to his servant Gros, vho had accompanied him, and who had remained outside the park wall, "iAh; my friend Gros, come to me, I am dying 1" Gros, though rather afraid of being shot, entered the grounds by a gate at some distancee, and going up to the kitchen of the chateau knocked at the door, bat tho h two female servants were in it they did not answer. Ae then caled the coachman, and while that man was lghting a lamp, he went to the spot whele his master waslying; hefonund him rollngin thedust, and Guillot on recognizing him gasped out, They are cowards ' and yet I am not a bad man. It is Crepel, the gamekeeper, who killed me; you maysay so. Ask my wife and m children to pardon me; say adieu to my friends." Haf an hour after Guillot expired, but neitber a physician nor a priest was sent for, nor did any of the servants of the chateau come out to him, and the next morning, when the authorities went to inquire into the affair they found his dead body lying where he was kiUed. The indictment then went on to state the motives which had actuated the different prisoners :-Madame de Jeufosse is the vidow of an officer of cavalry, who died 10 years ago, leaving her with two sons and a daughter, Blanche, the latter now 19 years of age. The two sons some time back went to Paris, and embarked in Boarso speculations which were not successfaL Blanche remained with hermother, and in 1856 a young lady named Laurence Thouzery, 20 years of age, was engaged as governess, or rather companion to her. Gui4W resided with his family at Aubevoye, and had an iacome of from 20,000fr. to 25,000fr. a-year. As he spent his money freely and was very charitable he was much liked in the neighbourhood; but he was of rather loose morals, and was very imprudent in his talk. In 1855 the two families by means of a mutual friend becamae acquainted, and the acquaintance soon ripened into intimacy. In the course of 1856 the two families met not fewer than 106 times, and Guillot constantly invited the two young men to his shooting parties, and even lent them money. The friends of Madame de Jeufosse hinted to her that, from his loose morahty, Guilot was hot exactly a proper person to be admitted to her intimacy, but she paid no attention to what was said. No sooner had MademoiseUe Laurence Thouzery taken up her residence at the chateau than GalUot began making love to her, and Madame de Jeufosse was in time told of this; but she did nothing and continued to frequent the GuiHlots as before. About the middle of 1856 Guillot ceased to occupy himself with the governess, and began to pay attontion to MademoiseUe Blanche, and as he was often for hours at a time engaged in playing the piano with her he had abundant opportunity of addressing hor in terms of gaUantry. Blanche did not telU her mother or any one of what passed between her and GuMilot; but she became absent in her manner and agitated, and often in the evening left the table before dinner was over to go, on different pretexts, into the grounds. Madame o Jeufosse perceived this change of manner in her daughter, and Madamoselle Thouzery revealed to her the causo of it. On this she conceived a sudden animosity against Guillot and broke off al relations with him and his family. Guillot was galed at the rapture, and acted in a strange way. lHe frequently wenqt into a wood which commanded a view of the park of Jeafosse, and there blew a French horn; he threw himself in the way of the Jeufosses in their walks and drives, and entered their grounds at night. He not only made no attempt to disguise his nocturnal visits, bat was himself accompanied in them by his servant, and tked of them to lsa fiiends. The servants of the chateau knew of them, and one night they f or amusemeanJt pasuted him from tree to tree, he calling to them in jest as they did so. Bat when Madame de Jeufosse heard of these doings she was extremely indignant and manifested great displeasure against Guilot. Her friends, thinking that it was after MademoiseUe Thouzery that Guillot came, advised her to dismiss that person, but she refused. Crepel recommended her to procure the assistance of the gendarmerie, but that also she refused to do. fler anger against GuDlot became at last so great that one day, in presence of al her servants, she said, pointing to a gun, "Is there not one amnongst you who has the courage to free me of such a man?" and addressing herself specially to Crepel she told him to keep a good watch, and said to him several times, "Fire, if you see any one. Don't be afraid, for even if you shoald kill, nothing will happen to you. I have the right to fire on my own grounds." Her two sons shared her sentiments, and associated themselves in her proiects. On the 17th of March last Ernest de Jeufosse the elder, wrote to Guillot a menacing letter, which, however, Madame Guillot intercepted *- I hear that the grounds of Jeufosse are haunted by ghosts. I warn you that have given orders that they shall be fired at, and have promised a reward to those who shall hit them ' Ernest also wrote a letter to Cropel whlch has not been preserved, but which said. "I fear that some one hangs about the chateau of a night. You neglect your duty in not preventing that; you should give a good peppering to the man who does it. If I were on the spot I would do so, and you oughb to replace me !" On the 19th of May an interview was appointed to take place '*etween Ernest de Jeufosse and Guillot at the house of a relative of the latter, and in presence of a mutual friend. Ernest breakfasted at a notary's at Gallon, and took too much to drink. On the way to the meeting he more than once fell off his horse, and he cried out, "If it be after Laurence (the governess) that Guillot comes there shall be a duel but if it be after my sister he shall be kdlled ! To this the gentleman who accompanied him, A. Duhaze, answered, "A gentleman fights a duel, but assassinates no one I" What occurred at the interview Is not stated. As to Alfred de Jeafosse, he was not inactive. In April he passed some time at the chateau, and eAch sight he watched in the grounds himself. On leaving be said to Crepel, "Be on the alert. Do not be afraid-do what I should do myself-fire at the man you see! From these circumstances, the indictment alleged that all the family of Jeaufosse, with the exception of Blanche, were resolved, while taking care to incur no risk themselves, to cause the death of Guillot. As to this person, it went on to say, he continued to enter the grounds at night, and deposited letters as before. Aladame de Jeufosse knew this; she even pretended that sheherself took the letters and destroyed them, and that thus no reply 'was given to them. In June her irritation increased immensely, and to act on the mind of her guard she asserted what was false-that her apartments had been entered, and she said, "You do not watch well enough. You do not remember the promise you made to my husbaad ! You do not support the honour of his name and that of my children. You must put an end to the scandal of these nocturnal visits at any cost!" Lnd she added, "Feir nothing. The Procurenx-Iinperial and the examining magistrate have both told me that we can fire on those who act as this man does, and that even if death ensue we shall net bedJsquite4d" It consequenco of this, overy nslst Crepel, armed with his gun, was on the watoh, generally close to the chamber of the lady. On the 6th of June she told him that the nocturnal visits still continued, and that she had proofs of them. On the 8th she told him the saine tbing,and that he must -watch all night and take rest during the day. On the 9th she sat up to a late hour and did not close her chamber until 1 o'clock. On the 10th she was on the watch with CrepeL On the 11th she was watching before he arrived. In tho morning of the 12th she made him promise to be exact, but she said that she could not come to him, as she feared the servants would see her. It was on that night that the crime was committed; and though Crepel was alone when be did it he know that his mistress wras on the watch-and when he had done it he went straight to her chamber. It was therefore clear, the indictuent declared, that a voluntamy murder had been committed, and that It had been commanded by the lady. Crepel had pretended that he had h illed the man by mistake, he having, in his emotion, puUed the trigger of the barrel of his gun which was loaded with slugs, when he had intended to pull that of the other bar,el, which was only loaded with shet; but that version was not only improbable, but it appeared that the shot at the distace from which he fired wol-id have caused death. The day after, when Crepel waa arrested, Alfred de Jeufosse Eaid with great e;citement, in presence of the magistrates: .There are few good servants, and yet see how they are treated when they do their daty! I should have done what he has dona if I had been in his place ! " madame de Jeufosse on her part said, in the hope, no doubt, of obtaining the man's silence: "Adieu, my poor Crepel ! Courage-we will not abandon you!" "Yes, yes," answered Crepel; "adieu-courage-that is easy to say! But see what it is to serve faithfully! You said, 'Ki1! kil !' that there was nothing to fear, that you had consulted the Procureur Imperial and the examining magistrate! And now see my position-I am taken and you remain ! " On the whole the indictment alleged that Guillot had been assassinated by the prisoners in complicity, and that the pamekeeper was only a guilty instrument, the other three being morally responsible. " Whatever," it said in conclusion, " may have been the conduct of GuiUot, and however severely it may be appreciated, there is in favour of the prisoners no legal excuse; they were under no necessity of defence and had no legitimate motive for repeling a nocturnal attack. They disdcined to call on the authorities to cbeck the proceedings of Guillot, though the authorities would have done so by legitimate means, and would at the same time have preserved their family honour intact by maintaining the strictest secrecy. But they preferred to arm a Eervant, and to murder a man in their grounds, at a few steps from the chateau ! What they did was An act of vengeance, and It was pitiless! And now justice demands from them an account of the bloodshed !" The President then proceeded to the interrogatory of the prisoner Crepel, who admitted having fired the fatal shot, but he solemnily declared that his only Intention had been to wound Guillot slightly in the legs with shot. He also declared that Madame de Jeufosse had had no other intention, In telling him to fire at GuiUol, thanto frighten the latter, so as to make him discontinue his nocturnal vlsits to the grounds; that she had, in fact, directed him to load his gun with salt, or, at least, only with shot; saying, "Give him a peppering !" After firing he had gone to her chamber, where she was with her daughter, to tell her that he had fired at some one, but at that moment he did not know that he had hit the man. He had cried to him four times before firing. He added that he had noticed that GuLlot had paid attention to the governess; in fact, he had spoken of her to hin in improper terms. Madame de Jeufosse, in answer to the questions put to her, said that she had broken off with Guillot because she had learned that he had spoken in an Improper manner of her daughter and the governes She had seized four letters deposited by him in the grounds. (One of them, addressed to MademoiseUe Blanche, was read. It professed violent love for her, and concluded by calling her "his soul, his life, his al.") To get rid of the man she had directed CrePel to give him a good beating; but, as Crepel remarked that it might be cangerous to do eo, she had remarked, 'MWell, then, fire acd give him a peppering!" Her intention, she declared, -aFd been to frighten him, not to have him killed. The two young men made similar statements, and the elder said that Cuillot had himself said that the man who persisted in Intering the grounds ought to be fired at, buM he denied that it was he who did so. The Court, after hearing the evidence of some witnesses, sdjourned.
ST. MARTIVSVHALL. As Christmas approaches the performances of the Messiah come in clusters. The Sacred Harmonic Society, the London Sacred Harmonic Society, hir. Hullah at St. Martin's-han and others, among tho sidera minora usuaUy present their patrons with Handel's great masterpiece once at least (some twice or thrice) about this period of the year. Mr. HulUah I gave his performance of the messiah last night, when the haU was crammed to suffocation. The occasion was rendered further interesting by the appearance of the new singer, Miss Kemble, granddaughter of the late Mr. Charles Remble. Miss Eemble undertook the most important share of the | "soprano" music, including the two very difficult airs, " Rejoice greatly," and "I know that my Bedeemerliveth" -to execute both of which in the proper style and with the requisite fluency severely taxes the powers of a singer. In the recitatives preceding " Rejo4ce greatly" a large and expressive declsmation is essential, while the florid divisions that abound in the air itself demnand a thorough acquaintance with what may he termed the me. chanism of the vocal art. " I know that my Redeemer liveth" appeals to qualities of another and per. haps stiU higher order. To convey the real sentiment of this grand devotional song, and to preserve it from end to end without incurring the risk of becoming monotonous, has been grantedto few artists-perhaps to none in our time, with the single exception of Mademoiselle Jenny Lind, who in expressive singing of the most elevated kind we5 inimitable. The antidpation of complete success, undf r such conditions, from one like Miss Kemble, who to youth and inexperience unites the additional disadvantage of extreme nervousness, would have been preposterous. What could be gathered from this her first attempt, however warranted a belief that she does not belong to the common sort of aspirants. Where her voice was entirely at comand the notes were fresh, powerful, and resonant and in everything she did, even when most hampered by the very natural causes that impeded its free delivery, there was a certain tone of distinction which impressed the more cultivated part of the audience in her favour. Another good sign was, that even in passages where the evidences of timi(lity were strongest truth of intonation was rarely imperilled. To slug out of tune, the most unmusical of faults, is frequently the result o' excessive auxie y on the part of beginners. But Miss Kemble steered gallantly cleer of this rock, at the same time never once falling on the opposite Charybdis of exaggerated emnphasis; and these were not all the promising incidents of her maiden essay. The second air, " I know that my Redeemer liveth," was infinitely better given than the first-an example of progress achieved in one night, and that the night of a "debut," which inspired perhaps more confidence than anything else. Miss Kemble was rapturously received, and the sympathy in her behalf was unanimous. She may probably encounter friends who will toll her she is already a finished artist, and appeal to the applause last night as a proof of it. To such fatterers, if her earnest desire is to advance, she must turn a deaf ear. A poet, It is true (if his own authority mnay be credited), awoke one morning and found himself famous; but a great singer was never manufactured in an hour. Miss Kemble has natural gifts, and must labour hard to make the best of them. Increased famlliarity with the publie wil no doubt bring with it additional confidence; but this, if not accompanied by zealous application, can signify little in the end. However, we have faith in the young lady, who belongs to a family not one member of which took the town by storm at the outset, and yet not one of whom failed to achieve celebrity. Among the singers last night was Mr. Santley, the new bass, who in the air, "The trumpet shaU sound " confirmed the good opinions recently pronounced on Iis performance in the Creation. This gentlem an's voice is of a rich and agreeable quality, and he uses It without effort. Little doubt of his future progress can be entertained. bliss Messent was the other " soprano," Miss Palmer the Icontralt,o," Mr. Miontem Smith tenor, and Mr. Thomas, one of the most steadily ridng slngers of the day, principal bass. r. HuUah, by the way, mak-es unusual curtailments in the Messiah, omitting, among the rest, the finest of the ama-': But who may abide the day of his coming"-and one of the finest of the ohoruses-" And he shall purify the sons of Levi." In revenge, he restores the piece that occur between "The trumpet shall sound" and the conciuding chorus, " Worthy is the Lamb," by which not very much is gained, and the second part of the " con tralto" air, "He was despised," by which a great deal is gained. To finish-instead of the last version which Handel made of "How beautiful are the feot" (an air for I "soprano") the first, or one of the first (a duet for " altos" with chorus) was presented, Misses Palmer and Carrodus beingthe solo singers. The ultimate setting, however, which has long been universally adopted, is preferable in every respect.
TilB UNADULTERATED FOOD COMIPANY. In reference to this c-ase, notwithstanding that it was stated In the report that "1there was an affidavit of Mr. Sydney Mayhew in reply, denying all the material allegations that contain imputations aginst individuals, there were alio other documents of a lik character which, It is alleged, will be turned into affidavits at a future hearing," -we have received letters from Mr. WiUllam Cribb anxd Mr. Henry Salter, in which they consider It necessary personally to deny the truth of the statements contained in the affidavit and petition of Colonel Austin and the Rev. Mr. Hlunt. hr. Cribb further states, that Colonel Austin's affidavit was not filed until too late for hima to aniswer, and that it is a mere echo of the petition which he bad already answered by affdavit. As intimaated in the report, it Is for the public to judge of the affidavits of Colonel Alustin and the Rev. Mr. Runt oni the one side, ;and Mr. Cribb and others on the other, denying altogether the truth of statements contained in the said affidavits, anad representing the conduct of all parties impugned In Colonel Austin's andl Mr. Hunt's statement to have been most correct and meritorlous.
The Recordernhip of Poole, rendered vacant by the appointment of Mr. Hodges to the Chief Jasticeship of the Cape, has been conferred by Hor Majesty on Mir. William Major Cooke, of the Western Circuit and Hampshire Sessions. [Advertisemeat.J-Peblished this day, price 2s. 6d., the "Punjoub llaflwav,"' a seletiGn f~mz off t eo .wzndPncere8arttfogte intodnetfep nof aw.ys into trhfie unjh.ub: witn nap of ScinXe alnd lhe unBaub. l3;W. P. AnYe3w, Acharman of tono einde
THE WORK OF THE OHUZCH AMONG THE MfiLLIzoNSv TO THE EDITOR. OF THE TImES. Sir,-Varlous circumstances-Mr. Spurgeoren crowded folowing, the counter-move at Exeter-hall, Mr. Edonart's prohibition, and the consequent opening of Westminster Abbey, and Bill of Lord Shaftesbury's-have, each in its way, for the few last months arrested the attention of 3erious-minded men upon the yet unsolved problem of the 3vangelization of our teeming town populations. Permit me to contribute my quota of suggestions, offered in no polemic spirit, but with the desire of aiding in the attain. ment of that end which is common to the representatives of svery side, however much they may in Christian since2ity, ind I hope I may add in Christian charity, differ as to the means. The mistake, as it seems to me, of those who have hitherto taken up the question has been that they have not handled it either deeply or broadly enough; the controverxy hau ran upon the comparative merits of thi or that locality -the Abbey and the Music-hall-or upon the conflicting authorities of sucLh lmited exhibitions of maiesty as a voluntay committee or a perpetual curate. In the meanwhile the great fact is forgotten that in this country there does exist, and has for centuries existed, a corporation for the very purpose which these isolated efforts inadequately attempt to cover,-a corporation conterminous in its limIts with the boundaries of England itself, and posseuing the twofold exchequer of large hereditary possessions and a perpetual flow of voluntary oontribution Granting to Lord Shaftesbury and granting to the Dean of Westminster that the voice of the preacher must be raised to the millions of London, I go on to say that it Is alike cruel upon the peer and upon the dignitary to leave the 'Work to the isolated exertions of the bodies whom they represent. Still more do I inslst that the providrons of the Bill before the House of Lords, dealing, as they do, with nothing beyond a lttle greater liberty of amateur unsystematized exertion, are e wholly inadequate solution of an all-important problem. Either the Church of England does or it does not possess the germinating principle in its corporate constitutlion. Belonging as I do to that communion, I believe the affirmative, and I therefore request your attention to the question whether or not that corporate constitution, developed according to the circumstances of the times, may afford a remedy for our spiritnal famine more adequate to the case than individual palliatives, however carefully seasoned. The Church of England is episcopal, and it is established. The former attribute coneontrates the staff who regulate, and that main body for whose welfare the staff itself exists, into certain groups called diocesses, under a head called blshop, the modification of the Greek word for overseer. Thus the episcopal aspect of the church is that of aggregation. But it is also established; and a main characteristic of this establishment isthat it distributes the regulating staff, " seizing" them respectively of certain freehold rights (regulated on the general principles of all real property), over the spiritual ooncerns of definite circumscriptions, called parishes. The establishment phase of the church is therefore disjunctive. The origin of the diocess and that of the parish lies equally on the surface of church history. In the early centuries of Christianity, in the days alike of persecution and of early prosperity, when converts were chiefly made in the town, and the old hea. thendom clung to the country until paJanus (villager) became the appellative of Jupiter's long obstinate votary, the diocess was all iu alL Each town had its bishop or overseer, vith his staff of presbyters under him. Each bishop had at least one place of worship in that town, containing his chair or " cathedra," and therefore called his cathedral church. If the towin was large and the faithful numerous, other churches or chapels depended on this cathedral church, served by its staff under the bishop's orders. The scattered converts in the "pagan" outskirts were looked after by the occasional and itlnerant ministrations of individuals of this staff. At last, within the precincts of the old Roman empire, the village obstinacy gave way, and the faith began to spread in northern regions, where the towns were rare and smalL Changed circumstances were wisely kept pace with by changed arrangements. Individual presbyters were located in country stations while the bishop combined to investthemwith definite and delegated spiritual jurisdiction, and the civil power to confirm them in their position by the assurances of suppors and the realities of landed endowment. So the parish grew up as something subordinate to the diocess, the two terms having been originally synonymous. The difference was that the very notion of episcopacy involved the existence of diocesses while It did not involve that of parishes, which rely upon subsequently conceded lights based on constitutional convenience. Speaking for myself as au episco. palian, I should say that the perfect constitution for the Christian church would have been the equipoise of the diocesan (or cathedral) aud the parochial systems. The towns would have exhibited the high pressure acti vity which cooperation always produces, on the over seer directing, and yet mitigated by his staff of coadjutors. some adapted to and great In one branch of the clerical office-others in another; this man a stirring preacher in the Church-that one persuasive in the house of morning or of sin; the third a careful and wise steward of the charities intrusted to their ministrations; the fourth the patient and winning instructor of youth. In the rural districts, where the work and the means were alike smaller, one man, responsible to his bishop, and yet not removable for mere caprice or without due trial, would perform the various duties of his office, either singlebanded, If hls parish wero small, or with that assistance Ia a larger one which would render it pro tanto a miniature of the central cathedraL Why is this picture a dream? The reasons are various, but chief among them are these:Diocesses remain too large, and even the best of bishops) in consequence too much forgot their direct pastoral interest in every member of their wholo flock, and acted as if their duty began and ended with the governance of the clergy alone. In time accordingly the very office of bishop itself grew into tomporal dignity to the loss of its spirltual perfection, and the primitive " over seer" stiffened into the Elector of Treves or a Cardinal Beaufort. Contemporaneously the cathedral clergy, put at a distanco by the bishop, retaliated by setting up claims of independent authority and special imumuni. ties of their own, fatal to their continuing to act with and under them for the common work of evangelization. Then, the large towns, even those which contained cathe. drals, felt themselves destitute of the advantages of suoh institutions, and the gap was filled up in tnem by the institution of the Darochal system In all Its rural Inflexibility. The result, which commenced in the early middle ages, and which is stiUl in full operation here, as on the continent, Is that our cathedrals have not kept pace with the running. The established Churoh of England numbers milions of members, and yet the cathedrals are less than 30, and many of them staud in small towns. As to the con dition of the; oathedral clergy themselves [during, at all events, the last and part of the present century, the less we say the better. But In them and in our bishops the standard Is decidedly raised. Good and bad together, cathedral clergy and bishops, actfrom different views of dutytowhat their predecessors, goodandbadtogether, actedin 1767; and, different as the object of these cathedrals may be from that which Influenced the creation of primitive dioceses with their head church and their bishop, yet the modern cathedral plays an important part in a church of educated men by affording a retreat to that smaUer but indispensable branch of the clergy which has to keep alive the functions of reading and of thinking, while their less gifted but more robust brethren are working. Accordingly I do not propose to touch the framework of our actual cathedrals in smaUer towns. Much may be said about it on both sides, which there is not time to discuss at present. Our work to-day is with the centres of population. There existing means of grace have, by the testimony alike of Churchman and of Dissenter, broken down and proved inadequate. The fact is undoubted, while the explanations and the remedies are various. For my own part, as a Churchman, I do not hesitate to say that the church has lost its ground by relying on the paroehial system and on that alone. It must recover the advantages it has forfeited, not by drawing the reins of that system tighter, not by multiplying small, il-paid, perpetual curaoies and little mean churches among our teeming alleys, not by manning those churches with Isolated sentinels, destined one after the other to succumb to the very physical pressure of the surrounding multitudes, rot by encouraging the spasmodic exertions of the delegates of volunteer committees,-it must gravely and unitedly return to the better pattern of early Christendom, to that system which successively won Alexandria, Antloch, and Rome to the faith of the Crucified. The parohial system must abdicate exclusive rights, and act in subordination to that common-sense law of oopartnery which was the informing spirit of the primitive cathedraL Every town of above a certain cipher of population ought to have its one head clergyman, who should preside over the evangelization of the whole community. There is a name l,SOO years old for such head clergyman, and it stands to reason that he had better assume it, and be entitled Bishop, The mode of paying his stipend is not within my present consideration, further than to observe that, as I do not contemplate his being a bishop of Parliament, he will probably be sufficiently remunerated by the income and the parsonage of that rector or vicar of the principal church in the town whose place be would l. Exchanges of patronage would easily bring al such livings into beariDg. Here we have the head, -where are the members cf tho regulating body? First would come that association whom, in aceordance with precedent, I would name the Chapter, vlz,,4ho 1mmediate aide-de-camps of our bishops, whose offioe it wouldc bh toperform the duties whichthe Exeter-hal pfeachershave, undertaken, and others besides, to which I sh&U have to refer presently. These men would also comoose the bishop's ordinary advisers. Secondly would rank the parish incmnbents, sacred in their position, bLt holding it on terms of direct reference to the bishop, and of nautuAl cooperation, in the good work, Involving joint consulMtaton. Thirdloome the locate of their organization. On thig head I naee not insist. The largest church in the towzn wotod be of course dubbed cathedral, and, if there wasnone large enonghF, In this church-builing age, under the atwcion of the new system, a buildtng sufficientty spacious, howevercheap and plain, would soon be erecd. In smaller though still populous towns a scheme of mutual co-operation would have to be organized, moulded on that of the cathedral twns, but differing from it in not being headed by a local bishop Now, this machinery would be at work, and under uch a system the sermon at the local Westminster Abbey and the local Exeter-haUl would be equaly regular. On one occaio practical considerations would prompt the choice of one place, and on another the selection mfght be different. Tho preacher would sometimes be one of the sta£, at others a tranger invited by the bishop or chapter; occasions of worship, no less than of preaching, would be multiplied. But. there would be a duty on thepartoi the chaptereven moreimportant than preaching the sermons- that of whipping up the congregations to them. Merely opening Exeter-hall or Westminster Abby no more Insures the presence of those for whom the sermons would be most useful, than opening Drury-lane would attract the people vwho either do not care for or -who object to the drama. Zealous churcbgoers:. naturally flock to the Abbey or the EHll, as zealous playgoers flock to the theatre; but the real work of conversion goes on from house to house and from chamber to,chamber, and this is the function of an associatet body mutually sustaining, counselling, and cheering each other. The external manifestations of schools, charitable associations, libraries, lectmes, and so forth would of course cluster about the cathedral and form a portion of its work. But I cannot afford to run into details. Such a cathedral and such a bishop will be on the face of things apractlcalineteenth century affair, and I cannot for, a moment conceive that the vague suspicionsanddisilike. which attach to those names in many minds which have. only conteOmplated the existing system, and at a distance, will long stand out azainst the realities of xhristian evangelization, of which they will become the symbol. I do not, of course, flatter myself with the hope that a plan, such a I have sketched, can be completely carried out. at once; but the first sep may be taken at any time, and those outlines traced which time and circumstance mast fill in. At the worit, it would bebetter to face the evil with a scheme complete in its general features, though partial in its first operations from the very extent of that completeness, thanwith propositions which mustfrom first to s bepartial from the un systematic charater, the limited area, and the, uncertain operation of the relief which they proffer. If crime and violence are rampant it is time to enact sone lawof general police, although the policemen may not at the instant be forthcoming, while it would seem but trifling with the emergency to pass a short Act permitting those who liked it to act occasionaUy when they iked It, and no longer than they liked it, as specal constables. Indeed, an organization such as I have iadicated would ba hardly more difficult or expensive, if rightly undertaken, than that of the new constabulary force which our counties have been most justlyz compelled to adopt. The difference would be, that while the police is chargeable on all who pay the rate, the church extension would have to be defrayed out of the existing revenues of the church of England and that private. liberality of its member which if appealed to boldly neverfails to answer cheerfully. I have the honour to remain, Sir, Your fithful and obedient ee,-v:n5 I A. J. B. BBZLEsFORn UnPP. I Baedgebury Park, Dec. 15.
WAGES IN AUSTRALIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TITEES. Sir,-As there is such a general complaint of want of employment for mechanics In this country at this time, I have thought the publication of the enclosed letter, which hasjust been received by one of my parLqhioners, might. produce some good, by turning men's thoughb to a quarter of the *orld where employment is abundant and wages high. The writer left my parish about 15 months sine, His. wages here were 2s. 9d. per day. I am, your obcdient servant. S. J. L HAUMICK. I e t;U v lazage, 4n.u i&DDOWG, lav,tock. " Horsham, Sejl. 2. My dear Mother,-Wlth pleasure I now sit down towrite a few lines to you, and hope they wiU find yoa in good health, as, thank God, we are all wee and in good spirits. I must now teU you all I have been doing since we landed in thls colony. As soon as I landed I met in the street an old shopmate of mine In London. I got work imh mediately at 12s. a-day, to work eight hours. Je ws very busy, and begged of us to work overtime, and he would pay us extra wages; but the journeymen have agreed to wors only eight hours, so I was compeUed to do the same, but should prefer to work ten hours for 15s. instead of eight hours for 12. Carpenterse wages is ls. 6d. per hour; masons' 7ages, 15s. for eigbt hours, on account of losing time In wet Neatber. So I worked for the same master all the time I was in Melbourne, until Joseph sent for rme to come to. Horaham- so since I have been here, I have been very busy, working until 9 or 10 o'clock every night. We have finished the new schooL and a new school for the school. master, and now me and Joseph has taken a new public. house to build, so we are stil very busy and shall be, as we are bound to finish it by next April. We are to have 5001 for the labour and nails. The man we took it from is to provide aU windows, doors, all prepared flooring, skirting, and all locks, hinges, bolts, and screws, and weatherboards for the outs.de, and half-inch lining inside. He will buy all this in Geelong ready for fixing. It is sent here from America, and galvanized iron for the roof; so me and Joseph have to saw the rafters, joists, and all stanchions for partitions, and to complete the labour of fitting and finihing the house. W e shall be very busy, bit I think we have an excellent price for it. Our timber here costs nothing; it is caUed red gum. Me and Richard have been cutting down timber to-day, and Joseph and his mate is sawing. The prico for sawing here is 30s, a-hundred; it is as a as English oak. Two men can cut 150 feet in a day. Joseph has a sawpit on his own land. I can tell you a little tho difference of price working here and at Milton by one article, which is gates. A settler here had oidered 10 common gates of another carpenter, but the man left, and he asked if we would make them for him. He had cgreed to give 50s. per gate for thom, six-feet gates, rough, and strong for cattle yard. Me and Richard made two gates per day after the timber was sawn, and Joseph and me was there six days hanging them. We had our board and lodging and 15s. a-day for hanging them, and then he paid us 25. for the gates, and 91. for abour. " At home I havo paid ls. Gd. a foot for timber, and sold the gates at 10s., and waited perhapa six months for nmy money. Now, my dear mother, I must toll you how the country agrees with my health. Thank God, I never wae better in my life. I have much better health here than I had in England, and we are all very wel. When Joseph sent for us, I did not like Mary Grace to bo living so far froia us, so she gave notice, and all came here together; now she is gone to ye with a settler. Meat is cheap here, we can get beef at 4d. per lb., and Joseph bought a quarter of v, nice cow for 25s., and last wreek we bought a g,uarter of a large ox for SO. Thousands of wreight of shins of beef, bullocks' heads, and sheep's heads, and all coarse joints are thrown away, no one will take the pains to cook it. Thou. sands in England scarcely know what it is to have *. bellyfull of beef. HIere thousands of weights are rotting for want of people to eat it. I wish I could send you home a fat bullock. When weo came to Geelong we foun d lMr. Cole's butter wanting, but now we have a fine dairy. I bave bought a fine cow and calf, and a heifer near calving. Jo_ seph has plenty of poultry, and has given Emmeline twohong and a cock, so thank God we have plenty of all necessarjie, Please to give our best respects to sister, Jane Adams, and. John, and all the dear children. . .. .......... If Willian waas here we would give him a job to earn L. a-day, but before he could get bere the house will be finished and I don't knowv what to say, as it is a good deal up and down in this country. However, if Wilam will venture to come I will pay his passage and send him homne his sailing orders. " I hope, dear Mother, to see you again. There is a large steamer talked of to run reRnlar betwveen this and E:ngland in 40 days, for 14. each, so I shall hope we may all meet. again, and It itplease God we shall all meet in heaven to, part no moe oenone of you grieves abcout us, as I do assure you we are bettor off than any working people in. England. Some drunkards or idlers may send home bad accounts, but I assure you all, this is the country for Industry and sobriety. Ainy one that will work gets well paid. So I must now conclude with my lindest love to you, ann f hope you make yourself quite happy. "From your loving and affectionate son, "iIICHARD SPRY.Y"
Ths MUaDER AND SuicTDr n; DRummOND-STrt. -Yesterday Mr. Wakley,thecoroner forthe western division. of biiddlesex, opened an inquiry at tho Crown and Anchor, Drummoud.street, Ruston-square, on the bodies of the two persons who were found dead, with their throats cut, in thb bedroom at Mr. Harper's coffeehouse, No. SS, Drurnmmord. street, on Sunday night last. The inry proceeded to the house to view the bodies, and there found the woman lying on her back on the floor, and the man over her on his knees, with his left hand resting on the ground and a nzor in his right. A basin was standing close by, and had been used for catching the blood. With the exception of an upset chair there was nothing to indicate that any struggie had taken pla ce; and it was the opinion of seone of the jury that the murderer rmust have gone behind his victim while sbe was sitting on a chair, put his left ar. round her, and then cut her throat from left to right, oom-. pletely severing the windpipe and jugular vein. The wound i the man's threat was deeper than in that of the womana long and clean cut; and it was stated by a medical gentleman that if the murderer bad belonged to that profession he could not have done the deed more scientuficafly. On the roturn of the jury to the inquest-room the inquiry was for. mally adjourued,
SALES BY AUCTION. On Monday and Tlesday aext.-Modern Ftarnlttre, Grand and otber Paanoforees, Walnut Cabisnets with elass dreo0. Stoak and F±ttiuas of a OlsYMlat's Shi)p, Ilrbt Firs-jag Carl, and Effects. iffR. ROBERT REID will SELL, at his Roomys Great Ma rlborou-street, on MoNday naxt,)eeaber 21. and foUlowiUg daY, at 12 for i each day precteoly, moiern FURNITURE comprising damsk window curtaius, cOts of walnut and mahogany chIrsa in damask and hahraloth. couches en mlite, rud eays cha'ra ro match, seven-feet mahogany aideboard, boskXcssea cotti3eers, asts of teleco ce dOlsorg tables, mahogays and rCtewood loo, card, cca3ional, and fancy ditto. ohb-sneh-glsssee, Brussels, Turkey. and ooeur ictrpets fendera atd fire-irons, mAhogany four powt, Arahman, japannod Freeth, and D,on Tedsteads, bedding, warurobe, cstete of drawers marble-lop waThCtanda and h resusid g tables, bed toomo atpendleg , anpg variousl o:eets. nry be viewed on saturday. and catlotguea had_ evo.ices, Otsord-7trest,-Pbotcd pols Cutiery, Bramoe,- Prin4O,clock3 Pacm er dt achd, Bohemian Glare, arE otser iffecls. 11,rESSRS, W. EIlfGand Co. havoereceived instruc- ^ ttinne to SelLE by AUCION, at their new Rooms, If 6, Oxford. 3treet, T}IlS DA;Y, Ternoreow, a;nd Saturday, a t 1 preeirely, the valuabie STOCK ol a F3hefiield Pactes: consisting of sve.llght epercees, candelabras3, centre diches, entref dishes, dilsh covers, tea and coffee services, kettles, lhquo: crneats, pickles, egg frames, tatsli candlestleke, cham ber ditto, salts, butter baskets, cake baskets, wine coolers, tea urns, coup tureens waiteras flower vased, sPoorn, fnrks, &cr., table cutlery in do7en ana sets of 50 pieces in ivory, bone. end German eilver. papier mach6 trays, tea caddies, tablew, blottera bronzes, clocks,watcbes, nohemian glaes, looking-glases, engravings, ic. View thoday of salc, Catalogues as above; or at the auctioneera' offices, 1, Welliugton.road, Sc. John's-wool. Partlngale House, .fill-hill, Iendon, Middleeex.-The very elegant Pursiiace, Pictures, Semi-cabinet Pianoforte, Paintlng3, Prints, and Effects. 1 AKER and SON wLU SE LL by AUCTION, ODa the B.Premlses. on Tuesday, Dec. 22 at 12 the whole of the well-mado FURNITURE, &c comprising on the bea cbambers, handsome mnaho. gang four-post .Axa6ian, Fsearh,and iron 1~eds±csds with rich hangiugs, Spanish mahogany, winged, and other wardrobe3, chests of drawers marble-toP washsatand3, toilet glasses and tables an elegant drawing room suite in resewood, covered in rich Ilgered damask, comprielog a ret ot 12 cabrolo chairs, a ditto couch, lao. card, coffee, sota, and faucy tables, :EIzLbethan and lounging chatre, Ottomans, whatnot, tbree-tier china stand wiith pia3te-glace h ack, dam ask wnEdew curtainse, beautiftul chtna and glass vases and ornam ents, French clocks &c- ; dianin room and Uibresy furnilure in ma' 02aDY, lsookc3ses with plate-glass panels ditto sidahtoard with ditto telescope frame, dining and Other table. chair,: carpets, fendersd and froes, brlUllant plate chimney-glasses, c16htday ctoels, china kitchen and culInary articles, ice. MaY be viewed the day psior. CaeaIo&u (6d, eab, bt4 on Ule DtQl°i ,d ,t auctionrs i.ls,- Invern o r4rroM DayBwater.-The moder Jornitu. G_ame, oa S ecAon Of nien PeS Bo CnM4 ooke n Mie%,.t rcurd ok,,mn RW- PEB LIPfS In lnstructed to SELL by AUOAL. TION, on the IemI Invernesb-terace, T l8 DAY, tbi 7th tIDt.,, at Iri= the excellent modern FPUBNITURY, including a drwinnt room ino waaurlt wood covered In eisnon sik, cabinets wIth glas doom loo iand other tables chimney lases in gut frames, Bmaseels and issrkey c=pes a sideboard with pedesftal ends, dinner wagglon, a large set of 4 taes with oval ande, sebl of chaise in moroom and indulingt o , mahogan, bookoe.. library table. haisu5ad caspet, Spansh raisoany cbmber furnta e inelodin Araiaa edstad, bEeddiDA, (Thaslaoye, chest ofd17 s,ws desing tables Snd the usual requie5s, cuhina and glue,ta small lubraryo wtiated d otherbooks, Camde Bmaricollectnof anciant ictre. by ma3ters of the Itaia3n . lei'so 2 nd o rench schools, th dreety ot a gentleman eoine abrof . ob be vieeed the da7 D ceinXgthes Blie arnd catdalgues had on the Psemics and ml r. Phil. the pm'ms and at Mr. Poilion'd , n3d Boa4street. 3 o 2. ,out. i Ina ethe-teraeayeiat of. R.e PHLLP il SELL by AU ION,lont11 R. JPr ES. ROBINSDAY ( bega to ainounce tha folML io rBOK t ,e ARnclEi PEnnoftbe SdALE, at 11 for l2 ._ THra DA (withscardayn-Wearitg; APparel n ontitnune), biolins and vole.; Grsse s AntiqhIeg e 2l ntoPisteG Aiso's Roropelle y, vlategole Orl Mnuay ex ushole.Fnralnre,large oblraney-glalo ackln's, Bible)i otstDet, mrante Pletori and quanHtty of Erngand,a voles, cale; Pictrtal Bible, ole. chl also 2vole., contlaneoins articlen. deed engais bySdeee.Tvb iee, and cataloghsuo OaUe se ha on, te prnemie: Mdand at r. na he hie',, 73, BindC6stent.ad Oed Foein a ef t3tUmss y, lisle bygAucti bono dallthe aor Unremerved frleo to real aa n 1nd vulne bh onueoceoo ofthe Trst{gees,o r 4nGljvlh fLvro .ESSRS. R OBINS bl l SeLs bt ouyce to j ntheti Roome6 Pasa oETect-garden. on at tfe s2: Inst.. at A2 fine old forelgnu CIGAB.S, oft ret-classqa w neo1 conTlHiSn, and(lottedatosuWitepraat pphapelontued), vilnsand on the moxing om sale, and m, rlmple box of eab. Temtion wnd tsatinug. AlEO a P ew rots of WineaeOgucy, pladolad radlatches, guns,d atoMel,ar coutnsslotyc. OnM. oy 4,xnoert.-eonvehld Tumitore largebclrnmea Krnat,glntine, ps,antelc a quanti of renamenal OrESSRS. reeG and aNEPHE wmnill SEaile by No onvew and catalogus e rend t toom Cha rd-ltree' ncal os Tloc,AdemnbDury;mod a the a ofce,i Cvr~,elynt.ArdenBL. G Old oreigne Caigars of drete s quai ty, in G c ah Cls Pomun bgoaes, diected fe Unrsered Salte, to realize advanep . and withte tncus. easo theau Trustees ofeSar. Lron Glldaint,% iepo,tbcoit tionESSlBL. RObINSAU will SELL bya'TrIaO, at1 I 12 the ITrom,iearo.by idCofecawt .gtr kon conWedeudax,e -h at, at 1,sbne Oordereig htim. of bitn altoigthe quli, inoexct welet 2cnditon, ad clotteod andeotherit patelraelete-S. dey dtg Vh together onto 20 dozen of sae, aine Sn naste bdi ol denEsrt opened efrma . obtonained onameting alno catfelotu of Wines,a oGanac Bady, and a Lh fiqueur Caaoge ofr. Abrmu.,auactioer. 8. teutht gt ,Cnnptnon-d itrget, ciaty,lRCe; and& at Messrs, B,lsincsheatce. Cnen.grdn No. 41a, Oxfed.ssrees,s D-Cfavoured with initrs. Kenstions torLL AboTo oale. Premleaes Nos. 43 .1 .i. AUCTIO atd thtm toeneirgea aBoom41) Ctogetr 2ete st elner ho- sbu,H DAY Deroftnembru st,eat ibeuse0y, anrdesoftBROD oTmoder on HOSverOiDy snG, incuoatding Grara hs andcm drhen roffcsom suIt cornred_ Inctlgoreed deasn,chhsa-basree of g3ood doelmnseont, Xres AmodOh cha, an.ain and fanch be^.kheeleat udE ceTsof drawers, lcasetans, and thier Outo.l rqns. te of bed non Canidmetewicotfcoat, c5y dremoe frock, Cambrisle, anod overcvti 2, pad Of blaao ared fattheauoskIn andAngoms troue10, e r8 fanty naIt Sobo-cquase, ~ ~ ~ ~ y-la.loksaue Co36,qXuStrOtrStkmnt5ubdsngetvalechehd py ecvlous and mornElegnt cut-le;s 3nDcstalrters obWined GlaSe, praset .uc ,Fin.er ac ,., eoat.hcudledtor, TatnnerverseeteSnv-s* and artvte cers.O a At the AuctConR rta, ~ODp-Iota ~tte BanT of F-cglsnd. ' ESSRS. S S ITH and TAYLORws PESIOD ICAL .LYL SAY ITura of Dre.o17, Oopb Ilde4ci pratd eeld, withoteany Groernd and TmpOoTed obentes LiCItexIA ,in odecanters, ofIar jugs, Advoynons, and a in bolo tptoa sTl private buyIntrests1, win ed t gketeor the 2ent de of 18y8, oni y era. Feb. 3 as e oure w norigageest aiELeeby AUCTIOs N,t Carrawaa's,To.mornsowt Dc.12 tnala measn of gal,, la rqsteto31vo ulctbtgvnto eath proper raboulse by ocderef. Tell cf cenniseoun whose pyicians theae or ei m t abstain G a ltogeth foim pt a wne, M[iSRS, MITHaiid TA'YLOR, by direciiottof abv I A,1t ec,sdfluigdy abt 1 for 12, .Ia; los of conser20torye stover ans greenrorse olalPtO of tho choicest desript tion, clbrudi , fr1it tree, and herdy climbers, hy`Aeinths, atdDutoh bclbs20 dozepno euta faee vldEas GIiendia biltdei3glat. rabplesmahe- houset. and uteful effent ctal ogiulsbtheainedat Garrao3'1; and altr loguea to be hawd of Wm. Oldersh3w, Fe3r., solicitor. 14, St~ SvWimtas - tane o Dc the prmofmera aucd of tioneer andte, 2a Regent,strean, W. &niadSntPaBBok Fitrelealera Td1OthXa r acbaolu,te sreSS .S. GREEN and k e N (late of 18, lattonB g2lost =SB'LL by A TCTIION, on the Premie,IfS, 4 and. 44oe strdet,on- Des . tst C at nll. on2 foeibordeceof he, 1t31 ftor eI. pureishingtlbyetown trahe theLtEAS,bof tho PyaErdSPS together CLOthSth in be oravers,wgtnesod., foour. ile- oat-ings 0tardsof bleaek doeskin,dmithre t, Anots.rat, 500 utnslainf an tanloilk veltet azcandle Cashmere omlton acpi51 nearly new 2ean toemandgccoops,per,2a 7icotl msaDz copecr desi4 and conper dipping moulde s 30 fnould coalse, qpatntictyftrmmctings mcuttingtbe. chr(imnerglss block-_rotands go-tlos,iture et. &c Iyb iewe the day pevIusan mm oqt,sicazitr, osn,e rreoetn Sgow-hll and at t e o olte ees ofr qr.nit csandleboxes,antetlate gea, ,s, Cpuon-hend iro criy paBeCexeenta Tod h AUctio l Mes t, posted thickw eank of Egcln,b houESS3RS. and1T7 and TAXY O'e fvouremd Cathe Ground and Implrove R(erts ilifbe sbittedets Polr tocs 3 i ncurapre. takSe plaTt forte, esuing per town 1858 onea3-e rd cilliy.Oii viw da2ty pilr an mrtrgof sale.,aaoge n held-houeSt. , OBt. 6 D:;le.o1. InBarun3pcta.- -hOd a1tplnd Efeitss ESSRS . GIMI9 nnTl fSBLL e byf in-T0 o Alf n outicedantceden ttthese t bo dAUCTfOm,olntos Poremees asBiogner, nod ponea.-Dbeirus avai0lor Ing remse-lvesof this.? mennce 0 a, Is eqfoisie, too allow of pu blicit beingbe gve to eachnpotortf aounumtobe our oferan T tint e f commis, sion chargdf is subje G RthCeamount pUrITaSe-loney obale4d-tuclsar olies, 218a, aud a rd-stbes Beni 41 barreld tapioi ororte Wn Inlunrupey-A iaynufe3rtesey,Oirdcaronemed7 2olm'swo near sago, 60 lb (-emoed fr, m he lb.,u e Amids . plors lb at the Assignees, wllBELLto bc sAUooLuN.1 o ithe Jeamaic a s AabovenTHI DAg , 86 t l. ecz, and owidayd t lifer 1,D inalets, tourbafeediateevsu rcaseran thmmle toradhs2el, twEas Isofthe vaga 53 bigaolobenrqo6too6, 13b.blcncb, itre)rtr 400c ston blue,T mSo-ina oRDE l,tsof cans,5E0 sate ad lbasd STu , cn , o tlug aofne ott orate, r shtove, va ireneoe lanti eof thade txtre. ehto utdelnip- lion, shRubs, frN it L trees,11nd hary climbery , hyaCu ibnt , a n dDteh bub. raenmtal6 law varsesr,D implements b UBildIrinng maria,g Renheiress, and usGeful effets. On vieh rstheday r toi sle, an d oaets-a lane; ep ~~~~~~~the premise;ado h utocc,18 eetsret,:o H. H and unreserved Sale.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~tiere E J%3EsSRES. GREE an3d SN(aeo 18,CI willton by gson wUCilSL yACIN on the Premis%Iso 4 Bunes-. 11r.To.ly stet omor row De.c. 18, at 12fr, yOdro the PoSpLDFRNTRiElr fvs.-- w e sboard, loo,onessingooauls, and elIrpleDR rn-Ices, tallos, I greed do,, and thesplant. ness, nd nienders o da tllow s m chimne andle- 45ct. akig cppe lr,tc o nd cooer ipin mMIeonIc.10rod froe. pH.ntctn cuttING macin Es, erbeyoe blCTok, ronda bots,cade aremis,Iogn eabve, preSs coplte abrs Decemer 1uanttyo I rcandleyoe, setbotingseva,ts, coolerst.tpeokcoa icu!on as exUeETILD seed wihts,Ra ofbal light tednhcast,onspringsi, a dor. with ana tenth batle, act ufefulhba gels eding,.harnes,cc cuttiesw machine, stable panlle dors.cho rahes col bck,de.thevaoal Lekotra.setsof h soar nd celar nder,well e subIttedfor sonlo a 3clocka pdrparticelass On the premises; and of the auctioneer'ofce, St. In nruplty.-roewSchlsinmerondC.. 9 an v 10r supeior moem lora,i;c. li'I unTor Whlel Gfeetslo severa Drgists, and Lother. obe catin CEfSS elin, . v GEN and. SONavesfavdoured wis,the in. o RT . srosn rs h AssignAeesitoSELL byTAUCTDOY, oDtec Prm frneaove, dondSaturday, December19 uarlSfo Itder aEcil- on aouTwnfthSnube Cott lots, thenofotens.irero ttI So 5 WHOLE SALE AG-ItEBeNd RGISTS, iSEisiinthlis toneCaroliUa, Java endPaisrie 85 boves frm tacenro ot, 4 ebarenlsaic,onse ion. 40 slboRussian Liinlss,n twove tclnse cr o-orroct. D1ct. Jaaic and1 r Aficanwsing er h850 ib.Slez d uly t rlb. cha!rsle peei. 1100 e b. yealces,hgsColmboeco. 40 l. bockandwhie pppwi4tt1) sltne gamblue, able urt orse uprior own an narl rne,tadekficurtais. ltesilr, exceJllent mwhog.-anlycountin-hoursfiotings,ra Fhurr'i3 t.uri-ve safe.t eightaeot-day dialsoyfornts,andOhe balueanbgld efleCats. On iew day ptrnand orning o&sl.Ctaousbdn h rm.e:o . ~tasic~Es., ffiia aclrns, asbghal.Iret; oDAesrs 3o. 1rat Esq. StThonass-cemlnre.Iocenridc;adof thed Iuctinoneers' garden). ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ bf~, aqieelemi scoee, rasinegnoddinng roms an liRa di.ing tvole.hos, rincisi Ing yns' Ropl Reidenes: hina g'a', Singsou orst bilo Afiand mattresses, beds end bedding, lines, wardrobe,oe-s of draw -' m3arble-top washotands cand tables, plated goods. ebflun, glees, ansi kitcher uteensis. on view. Catalogues o the Dreneleec; =d of the auctioneeur. 26 . Po,tla nd.tersc,.Rsn'-ak City Aaucton Rooms IS9, C'racaeburch.elseet.-Exedlidnt House.1 FEnttares, L anuott otes, O. e:e ld R- JOH SONwill SELL, as above. in the large m R-Om onthe floor To-morrow. LOec. I8 at 12, r,n asuemblage Of genuine eorond-hand JiOUSEIIOLD FURNIIURE, cornricinz superior tour-Dogt, Arabian, anld French bedstendr. feather badst end bedding, nanble-tot and other Wasbstacds, dresing tables, chest of thdrSehe, tdaysold D rosowo wingd o-drbe, rmdcdriessing glaese, eels ot diningl ro om, cchaise, dcuS chs,bcoining: end3 ozeraSioa tablOS, ii 'k) beardwith plateglosheldawing room rulter. noble chimney glad sses,c-atroleglasses da two flne-',oned cottage pt?ier noot by Monsee eld toore, cloks,e coons and class, carpets, Bnhoarthruo?e, kIchnd grequisgItes,and thmeDroem Ohe usfu effects, t be vIewnaed thfie dypeviou and mooninag of rte,r32i and catalge bed a the scoots,~~~~~~~~~efecs hn ian E'krup5cv.UPhnttriserr'z StockI. EDWARD LUMLEY will SvLL bY AUCTIOE, on the Premlreo, 77, High-street, Msarriebouc (try order of bts Aelfuee),tn Friday. December IS. at h for t, thleeTOOl In TRADE Of an UI?OLSTEIRER, comprieln mahogany w mi .tandn and dressing tables, crossing glacier chests'of drawers, chevaIglasooo several sofas, couches, and ? soy l eatre, jananed Fench and oilier bD.,steads rocwoed 100. ocasional, and other tables, walnut fheffo. nier, 1!r-isDien and rec.inifng charsr, font-stools, leg-rests, brackets, anid other stoc'e also the Haoushold Furniture, domesticnd kitchen requisites, ant varlonse-ffecte,Cto. eieo the, Premises; of Meatenss Bughc, Hooker, and BrS?o tbia 1. t. Swt's lane, and at Mr , Edward Lumley'soffices, 67, Cacr-ae A Collection of Anriniut andem; Engravings, chef yl foraed by the lsto Very Rev. W. D. CU?beuec D.D , Deau of L'sndaff. MYdESS11S. S. LEIGH SOTHEB3Y and JOHN fulW KINEON, asutionoed Dr3terary propety and works IllusLaiveof the fine arts, will BELL by AUCTI, attheir Ho S Weilfziton street5 SirenSton Tuesday, December U2, and followmn Fay, sA I Precisely, a COLLECTION of anc'ent ,,id moadem R GRAVINaOS, chiefly formed by the late Very Rev. W. D. Conybearc, D.D., Dean of Llendaff: compnicing works of Hollar, ,lUbsct Doses, MVarc Antonio, end other early ma3sterg, Britishi and forel, tl Portraito3, Londn tocgephy,dewinn bySacentandmodemn mnat ters works of ir . Srane, . C. Wlls Denoyes,do,books of ps lnfA: floe modrn ngrvins, ncldin JuietandNnrs ad Cossng he rook, after 3.Id. W. urner frzesi an glazed rints, oesprict.'a beatifulprof f Blte A~oe. lsosom wtescoonsdealoeao afew Ida DLos--21, *E et N buk-Mdes Hw6~~ Taurlture, gnaeit'or fitXUtoo and __ul, n tok Unreawved Sale by dlreeoc of iYusteac ~ B PEERBROAD) WMl SELL by AUCTIONf, Nu milel,THIB DAY, Deewmber 17, atA 12, the Igodern ~~, ~ ~ TUR~~oomprisisgmhgayedta&b4 Jirt-cauWnes &c, fr bsolute Sae. R. PETER ROA i instructed. to BELL by M AUOTIO2N at the aa, BopoiteteBnk of R ngland,n Aondy Mionday 2, Detmbr2 a atl2 aecednl choIce selection o., diets. Pa fvrYffePrtIcularsrrd caaloaue t W-m rro atdthe Madt:ror an tlphe aus ijoecer' cffne, 28,Tio POutltry. BdHD3u' ldP rad,i CaEea IL bond ThL i uty pasd Olne Woapines s.. r ciLad 4 decenbextr 21,atla finebfr5 phertea ohf Dunk o!Rsd,mk RMOnda,B DOD10Q'I GOnile, lm Dabecle &Jesle'Ian 4u,ona and, eights Or. Cks., andL 260 doz. cobIce old end verts euporlor Portr,ot Sindemvlan's, Dow's, Cookbumsn'e Forresteeas, Quasrles Harris's,and Taylo,'a shipping. SeinPi1 bottles may be bad on pasmeot. May be tasted at the3 offi of the auctioneer two daya jarlor to Basle. Cataogtues at theo Mart; or O( the anctioneer, 28 Poultry. Ia Fiehed uidig lo .-srlwte Mrry, and be-od Keut. -Valabl irehal Buldig Lad fr AEl lt ae ff4R. ETER BOAD wll SEL lxv A CTIOo May he viewe.Particlaeanthe ts.2iZgotel Abe-ied;a direction of Assignees.Asooa W, B.AR PETE, B3ROAD will SELL bY AUCTION, Mk.attheMarl. en Wednesday, Dec.823. at 12, in elghtllcl, s-alunabl long LEASEHOLD EST&TES, c0eaprising ftio well-built first-class residences being NOoe. 19,21,22.25. and 26, ESusderlsnd.terraco3 Westbeurneperk, le' to hIghly rerpectable tenaknts; and le ismt-clWu resIdence, Nag. 2 toll, Campdleu-blll-road, Ketidsgton, togethier of the value of about £1,0800per annnm. Partis-lare at thuMart' of Mesor. Powell, Thompson, and Groaom, vollcmture 3, R,ynoonJtbulIdtugF, Gray's-Inn; S. Alorahams, Etsq., solicitor, 4, Linnlalo-inn-fields ; aed 28, Poultry. B. PTER ROAD will SELL by AUCTION, ,LTJ t theMart,onWdnesday. Dec 23. at 12. tn one let, the BENESIIAL NTEfESTIn the LEASE of those epsieloss ant coom modlos PREISES,No,. 77. 78 and 79, Eigb-Street, Shaderell, and TwoRouee n te rar,hel fwjon temsat nomninal rentals toge. the wih te vlualeplat ad fxtuesof a tsllow chandler and meler.Mayho iewd.Paolcnersof esss.Read, Langford and Ilanoer, 2% Poultry. ~ ~ ad o tas uA Eaversalck-hilll-Remaining Furniture, Pinfl-t byBri-wId also Grand do.. and Efforns-By Mlr. ALEXAN4DEfR an the Z'romires.2 Purk Villa, nea Chalk Parm. on t3atulrday. Dec. 19. M)D TEADS, bods, mattresses, tet mAhogany B=tlecp dining tables, fenders, fire isong, leo and other tablest, and the sua kitiben requisites. Mlay beviewed to-morrow. Catsloguea at MAr. Alexander's offices, Havtrstock-bill, and Gc.ay'a.inn.road. Hever,c~iu,enunie Furniture aced Hffects-By Mr. ALFEXAeNDeR,o h Peue 15, Ps-avoct road, Adelaide-road eu CIOMPRI G Bdtas and Furniture, clean mm' tresese, bode anid bedding, mahogany telescopo dining tables, mahogany chain,~ cheffonber, bookcase, chlrnmey-glasses. carpets, fenders, fire-irons, rozewood Isa. card, and work t%bles, dr wing room chairs In tabancet, oanch, window Otrtains, pictures and kitchen rnonlsstee. May be viewed one day pieor. Catalogues at Mlr. Ale-xansler offices, Raverstockc-hill, and Gray's inn-road. MjSRS. ,PEWSaWdWAL will SELL byAUTO ath I TI DY at 12 Falcn-three lotas.atho LAtreet, n Monday Dea.1.tenldoeabvep6ald7,S.uffratalwUDogu atrhe bad,agto34,PsPary. TiDa,t thurey art ; n 'the Marttioasehoids,fBcean, sex, Crand) eet~~ Islingtoneton R. SAU,EWB NON will S ELL by AUCTION,a tho a'1 Ma,ht TImS, Das, at 12, oin threedloss themerLAEHL 23 PRO-2.2 PdeRT,atovacking, anssRene oral iagrmu l!atmallhroceu andi bithe tad lefaehld houe.rns, aind 7,aftn.iaford'us-s, Umpr-sotroaet,Iaind oonh, Part. tcolare Catrusothe Mrand tthie acInersorce,0 huc-oe MpESScRSet D IVIAugonT N No AU, lersgToersorowt,-on toeSbsadethrPd. '~J B,SAM. JHNON illSELW b AilCTIOLN, offal,ebou reoutsindgrats calftheie, ardoeo roans,oadohr drawin roome.uCe, gandse o h cabict paonforte. ag bme-ls,v,e Txdo Groces and FteixtuenDeal-tt,4w Lierood-street, cldoy.pp DEW iand aTTeg r il ELb Gl,a-morow ond thnelldPremisesn,tae FLXTUings and F IlNils of and PERallwSHO,cnieigoss-ies cle weihts paentchopin mahie, skutg,carvand andeoml othen, fmeo furniture, do . On viethmornnwlBl, and catl;et adon at tbe room fthaninerre.12 tatslopegat Bosbindthout. r. rpes iu .12., CIO, n hePrmies o TteayneT, ON 2, wtsnhit and o'lsu athor, Ecyrlpedse, oyaes !randIranecs,Dilluerad an e ietAnouk, Wnve,rviw,ms, do. atlgstohba onth oremies andm Fof t e autoreers 12ihopg wihot ESS. LFRE HA wand SELL,Ro till S9L THISofY Decmber, at I1, the exiellent moen PUNTkEIfPS f a gen tlemYan remoing, Inrludarionghe wrdrosbes, roms,wand drawneg roomsuite grand cabineett paofortnen, ct large chimey-las dozenotno, aendlathnusan orelethepprelle.-, fu ew Salued-oree, end 1, sipperu Batlmersseei. The ORvews onbedLet,a FryPaintigs, I had omeGit anet fOY~ive-moatio eer Engzdine, Cookingo Apopatus,lar re D Pnled armlytheo'WolGas Fthegs 7HR BS..F tHoA wllSELLb LUCTIOy at D,17aT 6 O OKS Pr t iYnts Paining, arve anlnd othDer frLamed isssllro' warig apael,toos nd lmcs,d Creoveinldingrom aecho 100bedteas ad plllsre. O viw, nd at logres handa thoroomns, Ta Bokselers 18ltisnro, inosinde orkGs thlteis, rperhas,and -F"N Y IESan SNwill SELL by AUCTIN a i iS-.erao, B~,atr.TRoIoDAY.Dcboae bcit, To-morrow. at11 pro clol, the STide OCKofaSTETOLDOINITURooseletr,sod anc mealer a fe loi atdrapry,Ads,ila ilwr, e mn,ne rnpaece fourIllmi ndatbon, bit,es praar, et.cb Per-cgc, lto piiarinets, ctures bibey andi praer claseps, sofaor, canrad rims noe pape1r, pent, pencils, andfancyth gosae Onvw. Catalogues tbe bedat 13n Albepremgasorreof cit, andmay bhe towed to-meorrsow.cs 32orae-tet ',"o MuRn.ue Pino Wine Aparl,anLLteso at hava Houser, so- movedt fromt Sotan-lae ub rder of the sesliore.hth IB YofIOa geteatl theirgrea Btoow's, Lodo, Cbancry-lane, TIlaI, DAY, Dediti17, atgllth M uEntire gntiusne 4RNITUSHan M bTSociety ofIt u'sual characerdof th Vbale. e-otlandDiisnest, c2mposin allnthereqiia os o rth roo aescehtion r'aoures,bedckroomsv,and ome't Quericce, a good' Wmlkimentofl' lnendcine. Iglass,aaafew drens wines,t pibtues,G Vtasle Bes ricles,an a vlarge' assemblaghevofeladies vand satktbndessTirer, o.On view0 ondWedxes altton oky. 2vo Hn; To MousicWorks: Bars,rTheWemdsrand Ilosyserh.s,xPlamely aade.iotro st onies o popular Hobespoflios lnclrobirg narl thezka 1hold.e Softhe lWorkcoe,frame1dJuFen,r vKnsnl, f. El ~SSRS. FSE arediree 6Ato U SELL by AG Aoilisin da , at t reIsely,Roome valuale tndcvery, xinoerire STOCK norofwOPRGHS platbes , and lito-torn2 biesctheioln of the vsnesofalTan PInetkr,nea cabankruptf thessrs. man'let and STOO. ineludinsg u sa.le of70 waorgsarrainng tbea, fcefull Orchesotra miglary, and bopw bonds cmceidrairnpgtc sudaleg oo muschaloprihs tha herwod takenutlac fod mpany eas,ma.ozaloyce whtoil bxenforwardedobstpplctof trao Mosses: Poster, I'd, Pall-mallchirs,BCtoean Oenune lonrholdFssrltu~-Peemptry etm,by rder Noute ENR. REHIYiEsaindtr SONe WIl SELL by AUC.IN I.Ton ihuth h P em seeight estfordserveo, arM It PrTmIsS, DAY,he al1te7essn at OISt e elegan FURNITUJRE II ho mprIiongInhobidtay four-ass ndrothe bedsteadIn silk , mahIgne,cas dnit ner of srtc, diningro.. anaryibarticlas.kTewoey ofd trheeloi cpto inaog cleared jawan iedIatedy ofirner fnrnetcare. Onbviw. CIton,se bud oten bdtheapdms. as; of Mr and t tie tan tineor,, ofice, St ?dorgetndtret, ily ~XR.L.. LEWI ~~;l SEi4L at hI Hous, M12a, AConsignmment of elcgsint Italian marble and aLa-. A baster sunlpture, tremoved from the Ceatom Riouse for atbsoluto sole,. cOwerr-sing susesof the fineset Specimen,aof the anelhssand modern artlets, Inclnding an delegat alabaster vase elebl feet hielt, a splendid tozzsk of the Adrian formi, a Pair Of fine Ilebe ewers of elegant desgn, a vrIey o bcutlrmlvass o lb Roe, astan, Sa~rasenic, Etruacasi andothr frcu, sveal ichy sul lued Asldno. Warwisk, and aticn taored Seigandsoe viarieoty or rropgraurn, afe Itan of animals birdsGI, and nueoseolegant ndus;fr Itmrems. a beo prviewed oneday Yaget Grea U Tower'eatrt;ado therg t auction Teedr, at ceis erom and excellent mFxcien odern FURI UREI comprChimney Glrasses,wn a o-t'- alant-loBredlSem erand otherofartok, byg Werdur. ande loreinrof Cl closand Goss,and xktaellsbjnteus bdIttemsreoed 6elranm privte resi byWonu bACiOn,a mathogany ret Roam,non FlTuesa i .l Draeember 22, excllent modem Fud ibrNyTUREg n caprrsn, for ldis drawing roome window curitain,dlu, sofas, conh chaIse, rard 3ndoln ditto cabentore, card,l and toilcgasional eltsG tables nwlu re peOorcl,ande mahogeanyre queltes andth 4ornemtai objects ad brillanttnedu sLem-rand elnfrcleT~ dIin roamd tenda pirary-mahg'any chtairgus, exd tedn dinin bleso i MemeRushwort-nh fan-ds and Arabian beds teads n soahogt and 9 Change-aley, CornbhILl Eligrble Leasehold Proporty, Stanford-bridge, Fulhamc.-By Mm,.' C. J. BUTLER, at the Rising Sun Inn, St-aford.brldVo F'la Tomorrow, Dscembtr 18, at 2 precisely, In two lots, by order o-f the brforlgagews under Plowers of Sale, ghue,pesnl Isidtato, Nog. auPd4 Moor-park.road, near to the Sitanford turnpiko-gate Pulham. Eac!6 houso contaIns a good entranoe hall two pazlours, 'foes bed zcems and a dresebsoroom, water-doneet, breakfat room, Idtithems, scullory, with good soup ply of wkter, Oaa and beer cellars, and gardera. Unexpired term Mmyers Ground rent £6. Nao. 3 is Occupied by Mr. T. R.L Comyn, at £28' rent, No. 4 Is unocen. Pied. The homes arewellbuilt,at modernelevattion,Pin psant and oomeodng itatIn, ein coseto he urPike road and within hal a hor' rde f haingcrss Omlbie toth gy nssev syder, viz. Mat,Tomoow 4. hitehasel-Frebod rropezty, In Osbomnotrati aud Old k; aton-villas, Liughbbrongh-vark rixton.-Th etmdr sz nittue, a Picosslo Pinfot y rawod, n ffcs MAESSRS. OXENELA.b will BELL by AUOIOX,,1'.on the mProm e.TEIS DA.Y. Decemberl37, 112fr .thne HdOUSEaOLD F;UItNITU&E, In excellent pmmrrateon, tding l retwod dawngror sit. wthcutais ortwo windowit aMe." Sapfulr G-oderav purcoltur ianoaoiteab roaditood, 1n aretns -woodpk,. nea0rly new,ebitae gFColardes matigd ot nie g Weroo makc ha Gsihic chessof.derawers, wosjectns, ahindy Gthe elea candmberfurnitureudo mectsrusie andM Xeffs H Mayh viewe anL bedAUCayIONee,' hM'at tfeires 33 ml33, Oxford-street, near th th.on.tbko.Tomr c0irspe Arl moder fournpotur, and aptalt conditio, 2 oe and haul ps. wt cbddg clanofOete. itbyCgedsc and ethx wrdoerclbrawe aers, waa Goibdr darp,d deoatives goblec. Chi; mwney Glasusesre,andd numarogzusf lbvir. softher ctonhs. 351,em cxhaidntre ne ard the anthon,l T.aod eludinby Aritiar, f0outrspe and tenertbedsteadsend churncgizess wit Gobeddn corplneste. wargd ando5laidnbwardroe,das, ,iin tswas booatons, suiter ot customs, cELrgta of every deeriptian, psaintin a, enigravings,, deoorative objecto. and immeaee -aeemblage of useful mitcelltani_r May be viewea on Thurdy dmonn mfele, and cat3logues had. THI £VIff 0an Tomorow al6,byr S'UTHG~AXR= an BARRTT,at heirRoos, 2, F loet-street, t'NGRAVi~Gs b all te emin nt odern &rti5#g1 .Li mnyinfie laes b ede o te rsatecofMr. Thomm Boyg, THIS 12?ENlrsfs and To-~morrow, at, by SUB4T o RiARELYT,a herBm,2, Foo-sret ILLUSTRATE)Bos ayhansml on -aed wotrsloxd Kius rey beviwd THIS EVENINIG, and followitng evenIngs at 6, by soUTaGALT-Z and llARRE'I'D, at their Reoms, 24. yflet-street. D UJSKIN and Turner's Harbo,urig of England, thel May be vIewed and cwtalogues had. THIS EVBN' NXG.'andfllewlag evenings at 6, by SCUTHG4'g1 aild tiALtlt1T, a' their Rooms, 22 t-rlrsoi, IAYAIRD's Mtonumenits of Nineveh, the grandi J- work, both eeries,, bound In two youm.. imperje folln, the wholep at the remaintng copies. Masy be viewed. SilWer Pliate. Jewellery,. Gold and Sle .sas j[SSIR'. PRIEST and LAWEC wilSL £jbsy AUCTION. a% abets spacious Boorms.pprt.latns,a. GPposIte k1dridge o, To-morrow, Dea. I8. at 11 brs rcsl,aleg ASSORTMENT of GOLD and StLvifl W TOI,sivrlae faahIonable j-weliery. and valolableeffect3. Sixteen dozem of fine old dry Pent, witho-ut ~reselre. IJESSR.S. PRIE6T and LAWVRENICE WiM SELLS MLi by AUCTION, at thtir Booms, 'Upper Sit. Irl~-os To. moscow (Fcida)), Dec. 13, st 12 for 1, 16 dozen ot very fine old d 2 FORT, 10 years in bottle. Samples bao at th- niece. 1IjR. GEO. ROBINSON resptctfully notifies thait .L.I h UP.N%IPURE=ad EFFEOSS, avrie rsl yor tion, Itat 9a, Wlgmone-streett,on Friday next, base been DISPOSED3 OF by PrIrate Centract.-Offiees, 21, Old Bond-street. Htousehold Furniture, capital oflfice Furniture, 40 dzno hsy unuder bankmaotcy7 and otherwise, and, a consignment of 30 ChImney. Waeseca from Belgiuml. 1.GEO. ROBINSON WUI IRELL, at hMe Room%, IlpNo. 21, Old, Bond-street, THIS DAY. IJee. 17, at lItfor 1o precisely, a largze quantity of useful 1'URNITUPLI for thie differenti apomet, office densetn oak andr maotany, 40 doom of choice psoo and br-cen t3herry. 10 brUilant pilae cIamney.g'ssees, and a variety of rulsellanecus items. M3fo be viewed the day prior, and cataogrea had. To Liuendrapera, Siltmecerooa. Rses MR. WALTER BUIRTON wilSL1b UG. £1TbO ';, at his Rooms. 3. Broade,Lda-hl,e ens day, Dec. 23. at It puncetually, the 510r o IEiEIE and LINIIYDIAPERI; consisting of rich Feo ie are glac6l. docapee, rich brecade and flounced rbsceredrpr .hsiry, he On view Tuesday, and catalogues hzd atteros rb eton oippllcatlen. To WsoDlle-rpre.TioandClist MR. WALTIER BTOwIl SELLE by AUG. £Y TIOX, at his Roomns,3.roda,Ldtsil.e dodyDee, 23, at I puinctually, the ISTiRo f eten aly adWo. leudisaper. onsisatingt of fine cloths. donrn,bae; cl 3&ots. trouzers, vesce, ho. On view Tuesday, rm1 o4 n atlneh94 ai' the roonms or by post on applration Auction. Itoesnu~, Vinceat.esiuarc. W tmineter. AIR'SCH(FIELDwill SELiL by AUCTION, TEI AY, a't I e'eoc'c oreleely. under 'xecution from thel Weetmlbsster County Caurt, H0`U4Fot,o FURlTFTURE, of the uritml deesription. for the bed room, drawing ronlm, dining roon, and litclsen, office insuit,1re. pedestal library tables, cobirs, drawing tables, bookcases, neStt o0paper hole,, ondnumetouis ffects. Mlay heviewed. otc-In lnroptcy.-e WRdP.-POetfsd ~PaplerMill, ~Allury, niear Guildocd, Surrey.-Stockof Paper, lachiacry, Hors antdCart, and Efecs T S.SMITH be to announce to applicants Wdoters that this 8 00K and P-FF&TS advertised for saeb titoi on TuesdAy next, DeLs. M2 has been DISPOSED Uarge -Ash Psees' -toweatn. 'Ca'r-b5geh.,wit two Inil1w of Whittleiford Station, Ef C R.-By CHRIr WIBE, onthiondau n3ext, Dec 21, at half -past 10. NiE Hundred snd Twenty largo T'rees, of fine 0J quality, from 10 to CO feet In a tree. Thriee menths' credit on ap. proved security, a deposit of £15 per cent, being p3d-I dtown. Cs-tatogues may be had of the auctioneer, Cambridge. Fingzer OrRau boy Joueg. 61-octave (lottaRe Pianoforte~, a-sd Efilats. R. GEORGE BERRY mwill SELL by AUCTIOX' Mwithout re.-rve, on the Premises, if. Well1ington-eoosre. Chel!. sea, To-morrow, Dcc 12, at 11 for 12, the) remainiing muds-rn HOUSFHOLD FURNITURE. aalcritprisr trot Arabian and Frencb bedsteeds, feather beds end beddlug, mahogany winged wardrobe, draw. leg-rooma suite ln v,aunt, reet of mashogany telescope-frame dicing tables, rect-al sideboardi, window curtains, chimney Lad coeval Uass i and ksitchen Items, n ~elfeat,ests f.l be viehe the das~ prvious and morning of sole, and cataloSue.s had of the auctioneer o. oeteo:sb-btreest BeIrrave-sqarme. Sc-entiitc.Apprtns and Mslsis MRJ. C. STEVENS will SELL by AUCTION, at his Great. Roomn, 32. King-sr-eel-, Coeveat-garden. To-u'orrow, Decembeor 15. at half-past 12 sIre.leels-, a 3llSCELt,AXE3~Uh CL'.- LECITIONT, Inclu"ting photograpbic camieras, by est(eemed ma:ers, capital dissolving view and atbor lanterns, ith s'ides, mlcro,anupes and objects. delicat balance,. el,sotr!c%l appar-ettus, CIYMIZalo, eMpen1sive turning apparatuse, by 11lleltzst.fel, slide rests, screw stocks, and other weli made l-oolo, epeuen.larrel rifle, pis-I., p!ctuses. and T,rinte, mahogany, cabinet of 35drawers, birds in ca:s, s. hells, rminerals,he May be viewed on theoday pr-lee asid a otalosues had. TO -TobIroM aufc,r' Deal-rs, and hr..To-. scn Machin3e. Furniture, a, 51-octave cabinet Pianoforte, Fixtures, Stock, and IC'n is. TEN~TOM and SON will SELL, zt 'No. 4, flarbloan, VTo-storrow. PIea. 15 at 11. hy order of the Assignee of Mfr. John Weight, the FURNIT-lIUE. comprising mahogany icut-post end ether bedsteads, feather bode and bedding, wardrobes. eherts or drawers, mhsao-tanuIe, chimney and derssluc glasses, ta:Nles chAirs, andeou)-cbhor The fixtireasandinter-sil Include 'br-co r'rese-i. -on slr3ing pan counters, g so fittings, FCris and seelghts, stn,ee cmlstea-d jas othi-r Item -thee s ek of cigars, tobhsecs.sEnuio1sls-r,tPc. zsa-y ble vie,wed ire day precedirg the s.ae. "oalofuesha', o I tho presrites : and of %bhsauctIoneers.7. Angol'oourt, Throgmort"D-etret, city. R.C. Noe. 3 arid 4. Alma-errace, Gre-rae¶, ltiwmrast. MIESSRS. PRICKETT and SONS will SELL loy AUCTION, by de,ecti,n of the tisrtga.oe under A nolrer ot sale, at the Mlart, city, Th-nsrrrow, Dexember 18th, at 12 for I. In two lnts, TWO long LEASIEBOLD) private DWFLLUXG.HOUSE3, sitat ad esrc or 0and4.Ala-errce f0-e-roasi.Bow-road heldfor eg frnsnfl 3 pe arsin- ercs huse, and el-t-mated t proucetogthe £4 pe asassn. artculr,mar be obtained on the cemlre;at he oya Vitorla are o, tove-road; the Auction andsuresOs, 1, eubemtoubi-tldcg, Canesy-ane ad High. To RIlsway Cotatr n te'-BurpisPlan n llttlsat Maidenhead, Bls-bridge, and Fasddingn Stson,o the Great Western R%ilway. Zq E D tc T IN ar in ~JESSRS. EVE'SIL)adBIN ~ i ,IJ tructed by the Directors of ti-s Great WWemten Salway Conspony to SELL byAUCTOIrON, at tbe Cooeebtati.n. Pos.ontuG~, n Tuesda, Deccezsber 23, at 10 for-lI. an soo, ustuir, co- mber of tote, a large slu5ntity ot SU RPLUS PLANT an)d ATTEkIAL'S; comprlelng 110 ballast wagicone (narrow googe), Fpore) waggon oheelsa and axles,200 tore of wrunchi and cait icon, In Golumnr. brackets, girders, pi1pes plste3, rails. palisedtng, ft.c; a quanutity of llead, jib cranes, uestu tlimber, boards, soses,z dross, and otler manteritlls. Aluy be viewed2 fear days p revious, when catclogues may, be hi~d at th.a above et-atlene6 aod of the auctioneer, 40. Pariislmeut-etreet, o Co. al Exc;ian,e. CeIa rseuIosebl 'risc fa -.l.srgo-sw- s, d'oe-s,ed =and of an C-uce coloz obroad.Ilooks. Plate, Plated Art.cels. Pren-b 6iock. Gold Watcha, Five Chains, Plct-ir-s, PrInts, India l3hwsssnn. Eive dozen Pale Brandy', Pour dozen Chamea cue.Th aese v.a'.alss R"Ame In cuses, and misceellaneous Effects, rem~ove_ from Tal nrvys storo warehougop, and fromi 4, REus-io-square. ~jESSRS. BULLOCK will SELL, it their great M2. Rooms, 2il. High fioliasru. en Saturdlayrwxee, at 11. alargeouad genuine AbSSEMBLAGE of g'swld modern FURINITUREc, ltr c2tmge find Plocolo rlanofortes. CUt-glaS3 chandeliers3 for gae., chlImney and2 pler.giaess. carpets, and serritarD almost newr four drawving coons ruflos in wslount aroS roewood, two cots of floe Speaaib woal dinner tables.% sideboards, dinner warggns, chlairs end ens; ch3ins, rervead wainsoot, library and mohbogany, bookeases3. ostrslg table. Isrtablo copVing1rc5-e iran reposletryand cafe, iron, Arabiar, and French b-deteado and bedding, weardyobes. and chamber furnitere, hail cobirs. Brussels stair ar-pet, and kitchen resssi-aite-o: also six tons 01 cor.'s still lyiug atthebobors. Mayb e viewed,aandcataloguesbbad to-morrowv. Ibis Evoe t otesloeErie -t M 1-rrsEtehohldFar. nioe infreep, Sc., remored fr-si Camider- in ESSU. JOES andl BONHAM will SELL bys M D.AUCIONIO n their newly-erected Rooms LOe' 1f-Esrtreet and Princes street, THIS EVEWINIt.at 6 o'clock pr,ieyHjEHL FURNaITURE at-1 RFFR.TS,viz.:-ArsbaIan, Freurh,tcur-poas,sola, end Iron bedeteads, wlth draperies, gees feather bees.s, aIr and wool mattremesesard bedding, wardrobes,.ces(ts of drawers. w3a-ai-tandeand dressng lid es los Pemboke,card,end ining tables, ceeveral eels ol ssalut-wod, orewod. nd ml,orry c ai.cofas, lbangs,, and ea3m chars,nobe himey nddr-win gasss. atdeesse carpets and rues. Pianforts, endeo, ire.ron. coperand Issd igoods. togethEr witbt abunanceof sefu Ites. o-morow.at he emebour, a (lolleetiour Household FurnIu,20 (lvrgt,n-esure lrsmpton. Fj ESRS. JONES, an E HAIM are inetructesd MtSELL by ACTrON nocr the Fremu,siec. s!o a,e. on Tu9ss day,TIer. 22, atI2 la lite capitlanod superi,ror IusEaOLI) FuR.. NiTUE an EFFCTS in abuccy fssopost and Arablan bedsteds,suprIo bes nd eddar.marle opwshsblands and dressing table, wo inge wafimbecby Sch,chets f drawers, cbeval glasses, end resinglb. drwin-rost oleeod tullein tbareb,lt?t-gl;isu ehefonsro whtnt;.lee cad,andaccaSIaltables,ful cimpass piaofote,or-enl clck,vaes,arnrnsttliuig~romfurniture in extndngdIin tale, et o aate, nreb ndeasy chase. fituiesg, WorD0obe of tale and be llsren, chlina, e'm-s. plate ware nd kItche6n Items, theO whole in pri sme conditlon. May be vicwed Monday receding anid day c-f sale; and catalogujes on theo prem!ec, and at the auctioneere'aolilseg Lelceeter-efreet, Lelcester-seuare moden Pintigs,incudig ft 51very choice examls me: ilo nale an poltielyo'be sold without any, reserain (1 or Wuemu Vill eLvLcl by AUCTION, .A., &bce On A MTil DAt: lhuradafylT. Deombir1, atndi G&-morrow. atbom 6moltsCoLEtIOge Paof very chice magnifcient and( modeycarn dAI WINl. nier Casbill fiale, with ra cction.1 oflther pictrest fropmtctioctiorn TOrer with 5il:ethe Fort-ge,a.s tabets rand sLan-capetaind Flsoldst Wecbrg Oseiraveco em"d o csibens Pitnoorhes Tomaro 0.DeceobermI t3,teaboe valabdvlde I S. (loanTr. lir. L c.j Cto .tan anyflimtes,i aendt ao s,tbeibht bra ilbemt sri sPostor-fnm te G na ftes Crokres, fte with mtalchpltret.t,:o ptlen repetiton actIand route wreithsilee lt-t'stbesedathcran od A. Bothes War-crotnse, No16, Bude-ncrowe, CNew Cttannn-TrEUS, city toe stan aty clmte an olhebstmnuatue Ist laYOruleomab ivibu nredPai<Now Blnkets,20 end woollem,
