DRATHS. On the 29th WAY measacred In the Fort at Hissay, age 28 yearv, Lieut. d"ward W1ifi,m Barwsell, Adjit Hurrsllath Batt, sa od s.a of the Isto Charles Richard Barwell EBq., ot the Bangaln gel iHerd and at the came time and place, bi wife, Mlargs&et Alna, &ged"N years, ;oung"t daughter of Dr. Andrew Ros os the Bengal 1tablish. usent, It .2.13. Mfurdered in the mutlry of the 31t Msy, at Bacely In the 4ith year of his age, David ltobertion, Eas. jud o the tato, andaon of the lateMajor David Etobertwon, H.E.LuO.S. 00 On tbe 8th June, murdereod by the mutineers at Jhansi, Central India, Ensego Stanbopo lterehayFn TaIlor. i2th R egt, 20ed third son of Williamu Starhope Teeteor, Req., aud lady Sarah 4ayllor, Tunbridge-welsu. On the 9th Jlne, at Bowarle, near Allababhd, from t unctre, Jolia ounga. the wife of Capt. T. .r. Ryves, and daughter of the late Colonet r1 R. Colebrooke, Surveyor-Gensrat of India. On the 19th Juse, Lear Mahoba. while seeking refuge from the mutineers at Nowgong, alter many days sufferina ("fell from hi, homtge, anad ehbrtly after expireo"l. Major H er,y Kirke, ot the late 12th, Bentgal N I., ged 49, fourth son of the late leat.-CoL KICrke, ot East Retford and Markham. Notts. On the 10th July last, before DelbL of a mortal wound received the previous day in action, after gallantly leading aeveral uccevAyv charge. of hiG compaty. Ensign W. i. Mounsteven, 8th King's eat., son of leut.-Col. Mounsteven. Staff OfIlcer of Pentioners Plymouth, On the 7thi August, at &faelra, fHenrY Vouch, &fq., aged 79, for may years H. Bt. Majesty's Agent and Oonsullieneral for thtat island On the 26th ult.. at Brandeason. aged 7A5 lb. Wi uriawade. formerly of Poplar Parm. Wetheriugsett. Suafolk. On the S9th nit., at Union l{eoee Asademy, Williaa Abraham, only Eon of Mr. W. A. Taylor, aged four years and sight monthm. On the 29th August. In Victoria-grove- terrace, EaYmster, in her 339 r deepl lamentd, Mary Jane, relict of Captain JohIn rerov3l .Fry, Madras Army. On Coe 2gth ult., at the reddence of his staters, 4, Giove.tens,ce Chiswick, Mhr. George Spenceley, lteof Qaoomile-otreei aged 68. On the 30th August, at Tenby. of coasomptlon, to the Inexpreasblo grief of his attacbed relations and frids, Dauiel Dalon Prythereb, Zeq., eldest con of the late Danlel Prytherob, sq., of Abergolo, iu the county of Carmarmthen. On the 31iat uit., at Cheitenham, at an adanced age, Mm Elimbeth Lea. On the Ist lnst., at Upton-on-evero, Carteret Helfoed Humnhrey, the infant aon of John Welles Flet:her, surgeon. On the Ist Inst. at slueh. Hadham Rectory,Boan Jane, third daughter of the R1ev. Thoa Rtaudoiph, rentor ot HAba, Herts. On the 2d inst.. at Scarborough, Mary, %he wite of Phjlp WIliam 'Flower, Eeq., of Hill House, Tootlug, aged 40. On the °d last.. at Copthome Surrey, Laura, Infant daughter of Henry Weetes, *sq.. CA.R.A. On th dis.t Springfield Ledge, Sudbury, aged 35, Ellen Nowmn, the' eoved wife of Joseph ttaon, rEq., and only cbild of the late Oapt. Rodnley Wentwort diine, of sndlury Sufo On the 2d inst, at his residence 1rixton.hi]l, Hen Erya ant, upholsterer, having uearly completed his tOth year, Meld anti. lamented by all who amew him. On the 2d Inst.. lt his residence, Kemp0eY, zOar Worceter, Theobold Butler, Eaq., in bi, 98th year. On the 3d int., EHz.aboth. the wile of Mr. Low, of No. 2, Welngton-terrace. St. Jobhn's-wood, aged 55 On the 3d Inut e at Br =btoU, Duncan, fifth son of Cbarles E?ingItoo, Esq., of Upper Woburn. place, in his 9th year. Ou the Sd last,, at Tubrshrdge-wells, Missu Anne Pope, davgchter of the late James Pope, REq., of Tooting, Surrey. On the 4th tust., at the Rectoey, Tooting, Sophla Elizabeth, the in. taut daughter of the Rev. It. W. Onreves, Oa the 4th l st., Edmund Loxsey, eon of Edmund Hyde, Teq,, of Ringtatn Lodge, Kingston-upon-Thsamm aged 21. At Meadar, Burmak, Lieut, Henry Atherton Drummond. u5th ltegL U.N. L. eldest son of thei Her. Jamnes Dumunond. sector of Achurob, Northa SeptonJhire Milled, in a sortie made from Cewupore with Sir Hugh Wheeler M or Sir Geirgs Parker, Bert, Capt. 74th Regt N i,. and cantonX"tortagistrate at Cawnpore. te iisucceededlInthetlitleby his only son, who received a eadeteblp to Bengal In the monthx of Fbur last, and Is now In Calcutta.
Q"ARD and RESIDENCE, Gordon-square.-A JD)fa.ily, receiving a few iterates. can offer superior a con do tion to a nurined coup.le ana ove or two singl gentlemuen. Dinner at "'le.Apply to A. B., Mlr. Russell's,3 6, Funeias-t.. Tortiiogt-jn.sq.f u)sA'I,.D and REISIDENCE, ne _r Briinsiw±ck.1 r. BI-A. toatleman can be accommodated with tbe above. either par. dial or entire. In a private family. where there are no children nor other bo,ariero, on moderato termsa. Two friends not objected to. .Ardrcss Q , Post-office, Leigh street. Burtont-reseouitt 3)O(ARI) and RESIDHNCE,~A genil_~7an ~reqcir- I)tgthe above in a email cheerful circle imusiall wl dn t 'aonthy f notice The,distance from tbo city witbin balanouew . Tferms If8, per week. Address B., Wells' library, S. Leigh-street. 3turton-crreteent. OAII andRE~Sl UENCB REUIRRD, ~by a B gentleanand his ritter in a cheerful famisy. near Ken,lnilton prfre.The gentleman wooldnot dine atbomne, S ixdays exceytel. T-de-rms nt toexceed £+2 per week. AfidreeaCl t..cAre ofA1r. Thomras Hill. 4. Ifaymacker. O14 AR]) and R SD N E- ,iaefml,ol J) three in numb, residIg wIthIn20yrdofteOleCta, Ina lasantly sittiate rednecmadn se fteapt~3 Itelda. could RECEIVEaG~TEA raYUH nae during the ,lay. OLmniue oteciyeey atr fa or d dress to 0. O., Biackbnr' irr,Pr.ero,Rgn'-ak BOARD. and ESDEC REQRE foa I)~ng ladg, in a private, farely. Terms tans o xeA~ asiUm.4 Ur she would not object to devote part of e iet h Si catiou of two or clime young ohildren, In retnfoaco orte bome. Relereuces exchanged, Address 63, MjdadClnteHrad office'. BI smiugham. u ARl-) and RES!DENE. lay off ers a -hapy B)1iTtE.A rn her elegant villa residence, with the kind attention of a daughter, i., an elaierly lady or gentleman. She ie an arcomlplishnei render, musaical, well informed, of an afrectionate dlapoclclas, asnd fond of out persons. Lettere, post paid, for ietiper idem," Mr. liefir' b ~oilel'er. cirocu-roaJ, St. John's-wood, N.W. CJAWD and REISIDENCR.=-Ani--ried p-hyician,~ wilotfml.riiga the weatend, ina the viciuity of ltie forteof homre. 'r an Iuv&lid, who resicires medical care and attention. A carrige is kept. Ternme froiu £175 per annum.-Medlouz, care of Mr vullea,ore.. 13A. Cannun-row, Parlament-etreet. LIOA!t) andI RES IDEN CE.-Bayswate_r.A ~gen tle- m)san and his wife, wicitout children, residing in a lsrge detached horse,. with good gasrden, In tee best pacd of Ifyewater. and within t;w.o sninsocec, wat%ic of tenisratton-gardens, woula be happy to reoeive one or two reunilemen who flay be seekiing a enpevior. comfortablse, usad parsesrientHIOME on moderate terms. For addreesapplyby letter to d.Y., care of Mr. White, 33, Fleet-street. kjAE D and RESIDENC B.-'A gentleman and hii; B wit., ltiQUI.RI a good BED ROOM and thei exclu-ire use of a h1ITTING Hull)!, unfscrnlsliecl, or partly furnibhed, with PairtItl Board In a private famIly, Iettogtl A house too large for their own uso, mear the Oamatcn-roacl or l(entlch-town. Ne boarding-house will sicit. Addre-s,.. slating terms, &c., to A. B., Mr. Napier's, printer, 25. Seymoun-t-ieel. Enscon-iqu;%re. OAIRQU and RESILiENCE arc RQUIRED for B a.t- Lo liyaiom ndon. in a convenient pn eatylclt.O referred hat gentteroeii tdgen obitionable arae offered. hut as h iadvertiser is an esticated gentlewomnansh woLud be happy to devoto a porter. of her tlime to the inA,ractlon o n or two ycptls for a pro- kPIVtl,?,uti, redactio-n of terms. Addec CaV. mre of Mrs. Cole. 15. Vtr-.-,rouve. Kleningtou. W. U iGHTON.--Superior BOARtD and R961B'DE1NOE.-A gentlemani and hie wvife or tw-o sisbters may he now acoominute.cd as above, in the house of a private family. sitlate ink tne biest part of the West CAliff. A large airy bed roomn now at liberty'. For term,~ syply by iett.ar. post paid, to F. C'., at Mmrs Roe's nusIalea library, W,-t-lrrr-road. Hove. PRIVATE FAMIILY, of good position, wishe Atorimok Iwith a I 0y, or gentloman andhisawife, to whacism1,fr li,traltris the comferts and advantages of a refinled HOME: areI OFFERED. Address, Zeta. Hookham, aud Stu' JlIbraryr, 15, 01.1 'Boud-btteet. NE o or TWO LITTLE, GIRLS (not under soven 10yoaru of age) can be REPRlIVED in a fsrns-honue. They *ould lbe treated as mnembers of the family, and huse every comlor;i nan attention, Roefrouces given andl required. Addres to X. Y. Z., post-otfice, Linmpefied. Lear 4;odatone, Serrey. APItIOH GENTLEMAN, enpgedin the ecty, Awould like to obtain 1'ARTIAL BOAR and LODGINGS in a reespectable family, in exchange fur Lessons In Frenoh, Icallan. &c.. to the mom ~era of the family. Address G. M., 40, Gracechucch-street, city. F, U. SIU 1'ERICR BOARD, &c.-Wti two minutet' of tb,, Vrystal Palace, and 15 minutes of London-bridge, a smoall famitly c.n) receive two or three fintclas INMATES. Rooms large and airy. Tabl)e, Sc., lberaL,-O.S., care of Ar.Graham, estate agent, 38.Air-street. Piccadilly. L-AD1Y oir Two Sisters, desirous of findinig an eleAsan-t siA comfortable HOME, In a private gentlemaan's family. roesldlhg Iu a capital country house, in a most healthy and pleasant inelghbe.urbood, near a good market town, on the Western lIne, and enji.'ple ..arty uoruoer advantsges. may communicate with the orncipaL, Ito letter addro,oed to A. B5. Y.. 2', Yecrk-atreet, Portman-square. Nlo other i scales wil be received. References unexceptionable. ri 'I ALL, LICAL, Cleri~c_al ad Military_MHN, Re- _L aiding in a edtbred Situatloni-The. frienxds of a well-educatelI YOIUNO MAkN, 25years of age,of eccenticichabits,and mind sliitntly affected,.reodesirous oftreating with apersn, whowouxldundertelee to BOaRD and TAKE CHARGE of him, and treat hint respectobly sand kinilty. Address, slating terms, to S. T., pest-allies, Dorcesieter, '[J DRCPATHIO ']STjLA-B-1L-ISHMEN-gT,Sudbroo~k- p.rk. near Richmontd. Surrey.-The most beautirul estote Inthe toloni. Hiundreds oEpatIents, many among the medical prof eslion. having lone suffered from rheumatism,gont,indlgeetiotn,nes-ousnese&e.~ after despairing of recover by ether means, have been rawd by this maostgacrieble method.-ENRY DAVIS, See AkA±CIMEINTS, Furnished, to be ~LET, at tie AYeas,. Benish-hill Norwood, Surrver-two silting rooms, four or lire b~dl riser, bath room, and stabitog i required. A IA±tTMYENTS3 for a lady-a large drawing Aroom dloor, handsomely Farnished, gas chandelier, the use of one of CollArd and Collad's hest pianos. Good attendance. Fins view of the river Cclifierrey hills- Boats and omnrbuses pasathedoor. Terms ;lI cwr 'eek.-l. Prospect-plAce. Chyewl.Chelasea. APARTIMENT8.-A well FURNISHED BIS]D ARUt)ij with use of sitting room, to bes LBT, in a respectable qujet sitnatton, and within live minutose walk of the Ions. TIerms, Including toot cleaning, 7s. per week. Address Bedford Houise. F'eatherst,ne-huldlngs. Holboro. A~~IEN~TS WANTED, ia a quiet respectable ho-ss Frnised,or To Bd Roms,unfuruiahed, and Sitting Room t'ris'he. b a lsygenlemn. ineopen situation indispen- ?7UktcN izrHED DRAWING ROOM and TXWO large -t BE sItROMS01 to be LEr, In a detached cottage, near Norwoodl Station, Now' West-cud Line. lairge garden.-T. 1L, 51, Fenonurahstreet. city. _LIURNI61117) Ai?AItTMENTS contiguous to tho J1' pWk. and Rlouses of P,rlianent. Bed an6rafst O.d. per week. D.-swig room floor to re let.-I. Macete-uldns arlia. Imeet-street. 1Z'U±n&Ls 16ISt El) APA-ItTMIENTS.-One or two genF5'tlcenn can hi, acoomimodated with a large and lofty drawing room sai coed bed room, withi dreesing room. Terms moderate, Letters, prc-; aid, amidruesed C. Rt. B., hesinuel,; library, 4-1, Randolph. st,oet. (Is m,din New-town. Nl.W. ORiti f3liED, completely, for a genlean and Fwtfe, of retineuseut, writh or without faminly, las a spacious private house near Regent-treet, Flccadi%l.n-Tob LET, a syselous I)RA WI?.t) ItOIO. with bed room, buthadre olgroom adwater. closet over it, dining rGoom and extra bed roorms.-X.Y., 224, PIccaGdilly. -FNFURNIS EA-PARTME.NTS WANTED, in %-,o euHacknety, consisti,g of one sitting room, two bed rooms, au-s kltchi-o. Address rest paid, stftaisg rent, to A. 13., 3, Moedica Villas, flackuy. INsFURNISHED A.PARTMENTS-s;lttlng room U. wills one or two bedl rooms and, large front kitcheni, withL or withiout attendance, gas bAd on, and steamboat and omnibus within two fudnutea' walk. Appl, at 32, Beaborough.sireet, Beigrave-ro4d Ii Nh URANISHEDAPARTMENT WAT, qtj mnutiltAtely, in a respectable house, witI10mneswako Ohaiorng-cv,wa-a large slitting room, kitchen, and twoberom,wt antnl atends One only infamnily. The first ,f referne ol trequired1. Addres to A. B., MAr. Smith's, stationer, 4i, Edwardsstreet. t'r rtmnn-aQuave. U UBPATMNT16n heEeDh Uh apartmnt tod onvictdofam sitno omrn l neo w e () 1AI'tAM-UMMON~SITING and B vt,I) ltOmto b LET Ferishe. AdressX. Y., 7, South-b,t,dd 'lbs tuo CIT'i-o be LET a DRAWING ROOM _LFL(OR, scive rnshd.i a p;rvate family, cheerfully situalo, Dera I., idten-bridge rades apply to MIr. Warsa, 51, King Wlliamsstreet -ky. Bktt)feIPiOLN.~ixO be LET, unfarnihed, 'n a pri- B c-is 1,0o50, where there ar no ohUldren,a DBAWING-ROOst1 :FLOOR, and onie or t-se goo-d Bod Rooms, with u's of kltonen, coal cellar. ,uni other conveniences. Apyly to a, F., 65. Sydney-street. N ORTLI WALES.-Respoeoable APARTMENTS -I t,c be LET, couslatirag of a sitting room and two bea room,,, Is Vale of LIAnifolien,-withIn fl-seminuts'walkoftthe flee. For termis and parti siar apyly to J, Coombe. T? Mswr,orwen. blerionethshire. ilAKROW-ROAD, neair the Lock Cha.Rol.-Had H .cisi=l FIJiNISREt) APARtTMcENT6 to ha LET, in a large 1privat hos,o very moderate terms.-A,LR., Ladd'e, poat-ofiloeeJon. zon.pl e- Harrow-road. ~U h PPER PORTION to be LEIT, unfurnisitle-d, T. of Ne,53, Great Quaeen-street. Llncoin's-inn-tiilds, consisting of nIne-or 12 rooms. newly p-apered and painted, kitchen and water-closet mprtaira. gas laid on. Venetian blinds, and other con venIences. o U NT1R YFURINISHED APATITMENT's-a CsIttinz and double bedded rooea, in a genteel cottage, standing in a garden on moderate terms. AppytZR.CoubaotgeAl fiomr ra,M, 9larch-freen. p yt .I. ou baC ta e l ~ayto Mr. NV. A. Oakley, auctioneer and land agent. 8, Regent-street, L; UnSE,X-GARDEN8, Hyde-park (N.44).- Vs ~ AP&RTMENTS, superbly and handsomely Fcrlse-drawing room, dining room.,liec bed rooms, and servants'roms Deairab e for a family or gentleman requiring afis-ls resIdence. whe 0 clean con s and good attendanen cani be depede o . oems molera e EJUiRNIS i-I D.-WANTED, a SITTING ROOM1 Fand BED ROOM. hInSt, Jobn'e.weod,I forea gentleman. Reing for a permnanency, the term', including good attendance and all extras, melt not exceed l2e, Per week. Address 0. B.. Owen's newspaper oifflce, Falcon-square. city, E.0. XZILBURN.-Furnished Apartments.-A respect- cable young man Cdn have a BRD ROO (swith use of sitting riOeb) on moderate terms,. Most pleasantl and hethfull situate,: nd belag with*in Se minutes' walk of the omnibum or rail. Ileferenco given asd req,uired. Apply toW. D,,. 24, Klbmur-quare, fg .-sV. ( R }: N £ I T 1I E.-FURNISHED APART- J I tMETS, with or without board, oonsisting of a drawing room, orinlu room, aud two bed rooms. The house 1i delightfully situate and overy attention would be paid to the comfort of the ocaupants. hItdsen objected to. Terms moderate. Iteferenoes requIred Addrem A. B., 5. Alaxander,terace. Queenu-,road. pekham. rI Jt.NINGEN, Germany.-To be LET euitable for LVI a famil,. the FillST TLOcy of a l3rge ana very handsome MIANStON,'. with a Park adjoining, situate in ike fnest street of the above capital, The suite cousins of 16 rooms, besides top rooms, cellars, stables and coach-houses. Rent £20 per annum, For furtherI pauticol I" adres P-t Paid, t o lr. B. IL StrDP, Meilng. A VENDISH or HANOV'ER SQUARES.- WANTED, to PUJRCHASE. the FREE01OLD or LEASE of a snoderately-sized ROUSZ, for a Plrofecoonal resOence, In, or in tbe vcidnity of theboe locilities. Partlculars to S. D., poat-omie, Upper Bake-tIreet. W. rtO LANDLORDS.-WANTED m a good tho. d rourhfare asmall HOUSE and SHOP, ata moderate rent The houne must be in goodcoonditi *n, and situaton likely to sell a fancy bu n'ass &ddres to A. B., Mrs. Goodwin's, Lethsn, Rent. t rp COUNTRY BREWERS and otherS-WANT. aED, areewectable goenine PUBLIC-HOUSE, roadsido or o herwiso. Nfesr a rAilway station preferreod Address3 -ih tilli particulars, abso a5-ft taken mouthly, to K. G. K., Mr. Smith's, news agcnt, fTits ),AhIslED PROPRIETORS and their S(T loL _ .1 TOR~.-A professional gentleman has been lustructed by a clieut it IJRF.rT to the purchase of an E8TATE a nUm of betwecun £t0.0 asl 70 1.e0. Gentleten having ouch for disposal will plemse forwa-d full p rleia.are to Mr. Ca J. Hitbarden, architect, 34, Kersington- URN ISHED COTT AGE, ener SouitbgSte, or FApitmsentn,-WABNTED.for sx or twelv,emonths, a COTTAGE, 03mnsisUing two itAting and four bed rooms. with kiteben. &c., or Apsatwinta. comPrising two sitting and three bed rooms, within treo en% t; of Southgate, If with garden, stabec, nmd chaise-house, p)referr -. Adds s, stating terr.o, a A.Z., poe t-lifloe. M aids-hiS. W . T~O Oxtotatre MLTING ~PREMI`SESt Acocsiro theiig roa in rontforwaggns, c, ell enite.i for aov arge"esueca A lasemay elie diect romthe freeholder. App to .Or H. . Smth,Albin Whrf,adjonn the premises, ri0 be LET, in Cambridge-road, Hanmsaersiiith, sixT roomed itl)O-.E-, convenilencly fitted up, and ready for Immet'te occupation. Renits £20C. Apply to W. _N.. 9, Cambridge-r-oad, 7T10 be LET, a good eight-roome OU_SE,Tpleasantly A m' jatsuso,Le- a ena-rb. I., ttOroach ,oad.wlth a garden at back aud for.- uot, water 1.1 no, drained, and everY domneatic conveniences at £27 rent, or toss if taken fur a t.rcu. NO. 2, Prineesa-terracia, x0ewrousa,s 0hPheyd',husb, Landlord'saddress atSo. I. r 10 be LE, V.a handsml ?R IH i ei I abiiVLI. loslg fdaig ilg n raf ast rosem. live, esctl!,t b sd chambr,deolgro,an conveaient do.eatic otfies, ga,duo S, Ret£10pe nnm Apyat 111, ('smde:ui-,od Vill.K 0awodeu-town. .,coritami.; It r,onnie, The house is in thorouigh repair, irk a dry healthful sitoati.no wichin 20 mninutes' walt: of the Houte3 of Paritsment: southern. aspect. Rent sti0. Apply at 14, Lambesh-terfase, Su,rry. Inear Ieliueton.g,eeu, continIung II rooma, beeldec lofty ditto !0 feet long: h.Uml i. ear; two entr&nces, andground at rear;suisabe for scholastic or ma-lfaeturing purposes. Apply by letter only to N., 125. Clotndrele) -esuare. 5-11Obe LB_T,tree miles west of London, a detached A1REteIDEN CE, obntaining drawing, dining, and breakfast room .. Ore be:d rootus. w-th two sm.ller roomsB, good isltolhen. laundry. etora roon, ar.: la,ge wall,o garden, conco.vatory, o0ach-hoase, atable, &c. Apply in MIe,e,re ll',ster. lid. Pall 0111. ~i ' be LT, and ma e entered upon immeciataei), I slichat woll Isa loe AIGHOsl nw by the siaam, ol Th Mdan lisg Rooms, sitat inIrdoe-t.a o,ettinghil.Vluto Ln,-, rate. For patElr ppyt r . T. so'i to, ol-tr, Angel-row,. Nottinh . V I>h)b L IT, a commiodio-us deltached DWELLING-~ T HOCn co.tug uf spaoicuis dining and drawinigrooms, air broa reos,l at XeLt kltchene ; &Oo stable for two horses and clla-h-h-olmo. ,h awe oth,r out-buildings, large pleasure and Xitchen gardes and eu1al addock Rtant7L. Inquire onthe pre-. oss.,L~r. stIOn ., Q Ce'-a. pesshlam1. rp)b .E, well1 Furnishied, for thiree weeks or one &lns,lh, con ialso'. ride from, Lo,den siad half a mile from a eta. 000l. LT, A.LLS,vi h fossr sitting r-onas, nine bood do, bAthdo.,tw-o Va--.tl,cahIoe tbi,-frf~ oss garden, lawn. #ind 6esId, inanntdtgtu hatyuuto.w bessutflf mu iews. Tar s ignea pe ek fdesWEX,pe fis artoet Heay- ITO e LE'T, on LEASE, or otherwise, with im- .& mediate po,eeo,,,n, excellet 74-U61NESS PREMBISES, with firet-rate' recidescoe, tsvo coood gardens, Meadow adjoining, Yord. stables, coach-house. edolie - r harneea room, large wine and oplrli cellrars anud roomy lofts- over. The dweiling-howte, which is in good condition, con'prisea on the s4oro,d m5s,u a. gosfd entrance hell, with open staircase, dicaing and :rawing rooms, each Ift, by 16(t.. and Of a Proportionate hesebt. breatfa,,t rooni. large And email kitchens, with back titcheo end la-d,-r. all comp'etewIlth every neceemarY fixture, goDd water- o-t auti an ove,,titut supply of water. On, the 'bedroom floor are lofty liedr.oio with four attl:sB over and bark staircass. This sp..clsjs housu 'bay, by lasotening two dslore outs, be co' verted Int-o two 'sa;d ard Couvenient dwelitngo. each he.ving a sePArate enclosed gaeons. The whole of the 'sluiueaa psat of the fields and provemase, altlsoogh coutlguojus, ar-CouPleSltelY e-ParAted from tIe dwellIng-house0 and are enlclosed by large gates at the estrance. The whole of the above wore for IIpwCrltd 0o515 )ears In the oelosapation of the late Mlr. Edward Eul-, svhu carried on a v.ry extensive i,ubessso In the wine and epirit trade: all: - ra situate In the East Buroeigh, Wimborne litister. in the county, of Dorset, and offer to mesy person encoring the above trade an nnuecal ly goolI Opportunoity. There is a free rammxar school In the town, wi;vre b1,11 are ad,lOltO(l tor the avo,y. navy, and civil eorvvlcs,s or for mlercantile aLod coto,oercial pursits, at the email ouns of £3 3s. per annumn. T.) viewr the preset-cos apply to Heniry Halbgood. house agent, WI ..h rca ; aad, for larther Particulars, to Taoes. Rawilitas, BEse,,01clc- 0p 13UTC ERS.-An old-established BUSINESS T ho DISPOS41) OF. Inquire of Mr. G. WV. ituasse, butcher, Uxbridge. rI)VAIN1sIH MANIUFACTURERS and Others.- TA. AVARIt?Sti MlA,NUFAC1fOicy and BUIN712ESS to beSOLD at sow-wry GOrasge, Tsirsk. York-shies.Apply to J. Whitwell, Thtrs.- ru'm GROUE&S.-A snug little BUSINES3S in the A 5ov05 lice to be DISPOSED OF. 14 miles from London. Rent low. For further puertiesilars inquire of My. Diggs, tobaccoinst, Market. pl-ace, l{isgstuu ou-Ti,aIsse. rro PHOLSTPEIIElS and CABINErMAKERS. -A clpital COUNTRY CONCERN tobeLEZ.atFaringdcu. Beks which ass, successoully beenucarried oni by thei late John Fidel sad on for m unY years Auply to Goo. Fidel, FArlngdor. T 0 DRAPE Rs.-To be LET, and entered upom the Tcrst week so October, a goodlll-0i andconoeaenseu DWEtLLINGHiU US r, eituate on the Parade. T'unbrldge-wells. No Btock. Etent moIerate. ApplY to Thoi. llt inton, 34, Beisizo-rcad. St. John's.wwooe. ~ 0 ie SuLD for £L3001 itrn eight-roomed HOUSE, T at 33, Willow-roal. Kentish-town, subatantlally built, within 11 It)noijous'w.lt of the Camden Statioa, G.-otnd rent £35; loese 65 yesss.Apply to, J. 0., 31, Victllrix-terueO, Portland-town. r'O DRAAIVEtIS, Upholsterers, and Shoe Business. T -A larze -iHoll Iand PItH ,IISES, inthe6bestPart of Islngion, to be DIStOS9D OF, 'hore afirst-ratetrade hasbheen carried onulothe drapery for the last210years, Farther partIculars by applying to M4r. Edward Lawson, 7. Oddy's-row, Islingtoo-green. T OCOFFEE and EAT,NG HOUSEKEEPERS Tand othera.-To br~ LET, in a desirable situation, an established MAE StN RE in the above n te. with ail the necessary tittiogs sand ery sin. rior fixture-. which will be sold a bargain. Rent mocierate. For Irs hber particulars aPpIs to Mr GOes, Jno. Clarter, Ilorosey-soad, N. 'TI(5 RI.UJrRs nd ,TA,i,AANWARE IaOT5BSM T " MENT-(To be oPARITaEnD WITHt. snler pecobar circumetanoese. a BTJIsNES8 In the ab Ire inehaving a good family 0onnexiOn. Persms wishing to tieat tsr tjo-oe imu a be in the business PreylOUO to purchase, A'ddress Y. Z., Ar. %'rosa's,2, Updihl-placo, two doors frOm lthe buo e SO LD a ver con ct pleasure FARM of T 1s acres, part fr.Old rsod copshold, 20 nmlnutee' walk from Eghan Station. Siury with a villa oftl sirooms and offices ; also staoling, barn. piggeries. c. in excellent condition. Part of thie money elae rewain on lnortgage. Apple to G. Hd., Mlr. Washttngton's, near Str.wlerzy-hill. Twri -teeham. wherea plan of theestate may be sen. '0 L) CABINETMAKERS anid UPHOLS0ERRS. I -To he DISOS P0`1-D OV, In the cosnitry, a BUsX,IESS in the above hoe, havil'g afirst-rate connexion, The whole ora portiou only --ftotte stock may he taken at a valuatton. To a young mun who can c messed a capital of about £1,00o the above wllbeotound an excellent oq-p.rtuslity. Fo)rpa' ticulars address X. , post-office.6Stafford. 'f0 be SOLD, the inxterest ina a BOARDUTNG .HOUSE E,tabllshmont of the Sr,t respectabilty in a desirable sltulItioO, and wh~ich has yielded a gooidprofit for several years, App!i.-, ions to he made by letters, poet Paid, directed so A. Bi., cars of 1G. W. jordan, slewsagenyt, Io9, Strand. Agents need niot apPly, as only principalswillbe dealt with. ri0 DRAPERS, Grcers, and others REQUIRING Tecorner t'13EStIIE -To he DISPOSED OF, in a thIckaly popislatte l neIghbourhood, a comntandingS ffOP and eighst-roomed ROOSE. Has been in the drapery trade for the lisst 15 years, and saitable for many other trades, Noyremnium, F1Ixtures at valnati0LonRent £50. F,o' -,lc Cody to T, Ward, 22, Aldermanubury. city. r 3'I) DAIRYM'VEN and OtherB.-In SLirrey, within Aseven miles of L-andse.-To beDISPOSEDOle, the BUSIlsSS of a 5l),IYMA1N.. wIth Stoock and Working Utensil,with the privileg- of commnon grartug land, free of charge. Rent of house, sheds ass staisliogiteoder.te, Doonga good business inthe Pork.buntteruand pcutery line by tse presost proprietor for 30 Years Past. InqulireoOf Dl .1. Wardi 50, King-itreet, Dunetan-street. itinceland-road.. be U aoDISPOSED OF, a SHARE in a STAY I BUSINEs, oltufee in a highly respectable neighbourhood, a -t-bilshed upwvarde of a quarter of a century, and carried on by two to lee: she elder retiring In coneeunence of ill health, A lady h iy,ng £zC0: at iaer dispocal would find this a leonine concern. A pro vs chukiowledge of toe buisiness uot necessary, as the acting Party will re -sin. For particulars address, ore-paid, to A. B., post-ofaice, Cornbill. C)t CAP'ITALISTS andi BUILDERS.-The Board Aof Masseemen, of the Central London District School, being al)e It to relnove to tho.r new bsdidlngs at Hanwell have new for DlPv'sss,sL, in one or several parcels, their PRE&uISkS at Norwvood, Surr,y, consisting of very extensive buildings, including a ehapel, do,r,l-niteO. schools, enidnO-hous1e, &c., together with a Welt Ot ox-- ce)llet Water. The premises stand on about three acres Of freehOllt Ian 5, situate on the Oltommit of Westow-hil), caose to the Crysal s'al.re baving from the east and north sides the finest poseible views, an! capable altogether of being laid out for 50 or 902 hosas,s, of the -co,lie c-f from £650 to £30 yearly.-Apply tro Mr. Reath, solicitor. 10, Pasinghall-etreet. EhO.; or to Mr. Edwards, estate agent, 19. Greet C. nter-!ans. Doctnrr-oosm.nse. H C, rTM) BREWEKRS and others.-Lyd Kent.- A T lo he LET, on LEASE, for 20 years. withboseso on thLe Ilth of Ocisaer. 11-57, a very old-establised BREWER, in the town of Lyd L.in KCent, live-quarter plant, large storehous,otbtdes and 0105,t. with every convenience for carryi,.g on aOxoiebuIess. o -utiglioise to thao b ewery, and which wHil be lettherewith, Is a Piece uf ecrx,lrnut pastuore 1and sod garden ground : also four miessusges or t'sm',:jLnt$. one of wtidth is a licensed retail beerhouso, known by the cigc,. os he " Bee Rise," The George and Dolphin Inns, and oboist ii sor'e .i arable land in Lyedo, and %he Good Intent Inns, at Aldingoto, in Rol,,t with the wheelwrIght-s esnop and blacksmithsu forge attarhed, msea, I renited with the brewery or separate. A hu.,nsluin soxthe osi %ea le may also, it reoilired, be had, For further particalars apply to Mlr Thomas Green. Lydd ; or meggre. Stinger and Everest, solioltors, N ' Romney. Kesi,t s Y DE-PAtK-S JIE-To he LET,unftarnished LAor she Leasewud5 od of an excellent RESIDE COE, situow as above:lit contan fvreptorom,10 bhanrooms, dressing ra.Sle, corneervatoriso au sa oesi ie; coach-house, eta,tOlirg,&cc. Foy em appl at Mes.Grn and tanabe's offices, 28, Ill,' Ifotid-street. 1U1ARK-LANE,--To be LET anurihd front I Chriotmaa next, a, comfortable RESIDNEithabv distin. gusheId locality-osuitable for a bachelor : Itcnan four reception roeliur, Ovolbedmroms and the usalotdbess. Frtmsapply at Messrs. l,reen anid St.usby's office. 23, Old flood-ste, D LGBINT's-PARis.-To be LET,furnished or unfurR nihisSd, or the Lease to be Sold, a FAi,t1LY RESIDENOR., osericokiog Prlm,o,e-btl]l containing four capIta reception rooms, s3eve i cod rooms, dressing ro,oms, and the nuna domesttoic toce; eta-. Nib, for two bor-es esaci- house, and man's room in the rear. ApplY t'Mrefsr. Greese andi Stanshy, 28. O'd Bond-street. 3)EGENT's-PARK.-o e L T, unfurnished, a RL comfortable semi detaclsed VILLA, RESIDENICE, with garden front alsO back. containing dining and drawing rooms four bed rooms, kitchevo, srullery, Sc. Rent mnoderate. Apply to fsieesr. Green and .SS-mlhy. 2$, Old Bond-al rrot. ',AYl"'AIR.--WANTED, to RENT or PURLVI, CtiASF, a FAMILY RESIDENCE in Hil-street, CharlesOtt,-c. Brook-street, Groovenor-strest, Curron-street, or ririnty, Umust base superior re.ception rooms. iand the rent not to exceed £100 per annual. Full particulars to be forwarded to Messrs. Green, house0 sgentland,Iu ctiOor e, 2S, O ldBIosnd-street. I Towndeopartment,l iTINGSION-01N-TRAMiES.-To b E,Fr A nlsbed,in tliasmuch admired locality, on 0-oaotrs r or the whole ofta re-my old-fe- hioned COTTAGE, ihgre,sal Sc-, in the occssPancy of an elderly widow lady, who ol ehpyt let it. or Bstars it c iW th moll family. Adddrea .H.OseHw' lihrary. Kloest,cts os-Thames. E7 STBOURNE-TERRAO-E, Hyde-par-k.-To be Yr LET cr SO LD. in thin favourite locality, a firt-class HOUS E, replete with every re,.uisile fats3 good establiehment, comprisingdininxg rooes, mnioming rookm, library, elegant drawing rooms, and boudoir,.11 large bed and dr5siiug roomns, bathL room, and commodious domestic nI,e.Apply to lb,I. 5. D. Austini, 40, Cleveland-equare, Hyde-park, )'ILEVELAND-S UARE, near Hyde-park and K Kensington-gardens.-To be LET, inthis heaibto3 l andfasonIs-le loclity, a list-elass RESIDENCE, oomprisg dining room, maing mon. larI=ge billiara room or library, spacious drawin rooms. 10 large hod and dreeslng room-, commodiotus domestic offices, Sc. Apply to tTr. t, D. A usdl,. 40, Cleveland-sqsuare, R 7do-park, W. ,(nUEEN's-(GARDENS, close to Kensington-gardens. -To hoT LET or SOLD, in this deirable mituation, a good FAMITY R&OIII)ENCB, containaing dining room, morning room, large library, eleant drs-ing rooms, nine goodbed and dresing rooms, end good domestIc officees Rent very moderate. ApDly to tr. H. D. AustIu, 40, Clevrlartd-squ *ee Hiyde-sark. W. BOGNO , facins 'he Sea-To be EIbT Furnihhed, BOL&!- &: 1S EiOiS, making up 14 beds. B:omti lofty and le>ge. Wa er ex eUent. 0 3eh.houses antd sables if required. Situation most ea-ubr ole. and and and sea vie-ws beautiful, Very few such houses 5 - be found alon * the coast. Sands excellent, where chUdren may run un,ttended in perf et safety. App,y to Mrs. Millsam, on tho premi-ea. HAWKH URST, Kent.-To be LET, a convenient HDWELLING ROIUSE, coutainiog parlour, sitting roon, large kit:ben, orew-houee. cellar, and four ted rooms, with large garden, stable, chaise-liouse, ansl yard. s tuat- at the Etorns. in Hawkhurst, !witls or witboiut reven seres of mneadov land. in the 003upation of Miss Hunt. For further particulars inquire of Mr. John Sprngett, Hawk- !A r r Isa D E V ON, w thin a mile of the town and r~, ay ewj-lj.arcoutaTie, -To be LET, a detatlewd gentle- raly Dt" IO, Ul, recellhly decorated, and reated in its own nl:vrh alle i-elr ge--rs- Os orabout six acres, commanding extenuive an-I lovl-Y s.l se T Tanere are diuoc,:. drawilg, and breakfast rooms, six .- roldaO-, lsIil. itt-lOS cOmIp;ete ofices3. tablisn, carriage-house. ll7E"l-hOlO,. lic. l i EbO70. Apply to tMr. DeheDnham 80, C heaosido. 2'5Rit FALi.,, by Private Contract, the LONIDON -WORSRii, Noe" ItirmileihAm. lately is the poeees?ion of of Mlerss. Folxi sH r o.-, h andd Co Toese extensive works are now offered in iw. l:ilrlioio, to rult tbe ernvnionce .t purchaesrs, together witls suno rper'is 115 of the osc,cS mry inl each as ;nsy be desired, TVhe area ot the vh le s1-osis' V -lazrr, and bwil Ibsodim-ided astnsecuretoeachportio .a t fNLtge tLI CrauordJstreet, and a considerable wharfage to a hr,uch of Ihe lld iSrmit-ghbm Can,al. The land ia freehold, aad i; situ.lews nit Orte orco gro Of Birmingham, and therefore not liable to th- heeay ps, wents resulred for municipal purposes. Persons deadrt 1,s of reating for the pllrobsee of these desirable premises are r0- 'ste to Di p plp for particuiars and ords to vies a3 under:-To Mr. .1. f, He rol- we,. sltreyoor, Waterloo-ctreet, Bilrmingham; Messrs. S- ift. War,iaff, a id Blenlisop, tollattors, Liverpool; Miers,m OolrI-e and BewQe, su!fltore, Birmighamn; or on the premises,at Smethslob. RICHMOND, Surrcy.-To bt. LET, Furnished, for Adr 0 . F.P., Dsacon' neve rooms, 15.4, jAsden a -,tye IbblXNGT0?{.-is,o. 14, OJ.fora-terrace, St. Peterls- Jstreot, nowly built, held foyr atosof5200yeris, ts agrouxnd rent of £et per annum. eat £45. To O)e sold, for 4Q( goinesa. Apply to d, lItirch. solteilor. 73, cliaucery-ILae. r Il llN RI1)UE.WEtLhiL Cmdn ark Estate.- _± FREEHOLD BISULDING LAN a AE r long loasse. In of one to FM acres. For pln ndpriulars apply to Stone, and Simorion. TunbridsebWls 13RiGHT01N. --FURN~loIED wthin twr, mi ntut,es wullk of the so' and Weetlern ti7elaade, maaking up) sweue b-da, to bo LET, foIr f,our or eta montbe. it fttr guineas per ,welek. For cards to view a>ply to Ir. Jno. Churchill,house lgent and Fmveryor. 45, Prestou-street, BrirhItor. j_2A1NDHN -T0 WN.--To r4socere, Linendrapesr. '.JClothiers Hattey,, &a.-To he LEI, In the best p3rt of Camdentown, a large and very handodmoe coomer SHfOP', aBltabl afor the khore, nr ean otber busIneks requiving showy premises, Applp to J. T., 2, Hawley-terrace. Casnden.sown. 0.17, l(EN1BU GTON SQUARE.-To ~beOLT, I'aoa MILY lifOUSE. In asohet-utlal and ornaueeaislrepar. Garden : gas and waTer laid on. Rent only £110 a yr.inqur on the prermises; or of Mr. Cihesterton, exstte agent, 21, oweP Phllose. plane, Kensington, W. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ CAIAMPDRN-HILL, Kensington.-TFo_ be LET, a4 wJVILLA BBSID)INCE, with six re oomsn and dressing roomn, two drawing rooms, dining roomi, and library. oomlonIts domnestlo ofoSee, and gardeu. Apply to M'r. Cheeterton, the PhiMlmore ectateoltcs Kenbingtoni. '1 "LLIGTO -PARK.-To be LET, Fermished. a 1. geteel AMILYRE-.41DENC1t, In this highly reepectab'o locaity,conains12 ~od ooms, coach-house, and stable, witls large garen.Men ony kl30a year. Or wil he Let, unfurnahbed, the furnitrebeig ake a a alaton. Apply to Mr. Chappoll auctIoneer, KEI~GTON.~VILLASto _be LET, 'three minu tes' wAlkh tram the main soad by Allen-gtseet, nearly facing Lord Holland'e park. L'w rents. Gas and water laid on. BIgC rooms, coniservatory, and gardenL. NewFl, decorated. Road 40 feat wide, situiation open, soil cravel.,and good drateage Apnlyat2, Inkermanaterrce; or to ?sfr. DoIman, 39, Jermyn-street, S.W. lAAiDA.HILL.-A HOUSE to be LET,inthe aLbove M''. favoured locality, having a pretty elevation, and containing five bed end two dre-sin sooms' delmasig, dining, and moaning rooms, a6 good hitchen, and ot¶ser domeesti offices, drakinage good, at the verY rmocerate rent otf659perannunm. Apply 1o r.Wits±A,21 Ttedown- f'IBO!ON.-T be LT, No4, Hartley Vfils ,,Jeandon-oad a erycovenen seI-etached HOUSE, wItf ticoarsmayhe ad t T J, edgte nd o.', 1, lieorg,ade-steet,zMa NT E R SL ANE.STRET. wn.beTobeLDE,T and he ardr gadenhelindthe ameawih pssesInn a bckmpetind rick's-place, Old paricuarsandcwry.t L?AYIS ATER, close to KensinGreto and Palactret NSIgaTdena- To he eOLDorLETon LnAE, TWO soderrteslaizeou,erta finvnisedt FAM~LIYREIDEOUSK contreinbed rooms, beartherom saious, drawing n ingnggh oos roo. Illbaty, AndPxceleto beMr nt B ffices, 4 darepty on te, preies, gt.an2,P esera sRIXTON.-To be~ 11ET0 fro d tached T bo LET housei Ind three-tlle staber, excbg elent pednad ana bc n Botwo Cpier o madowoland-four arense. FoSaislr n ardst vi,ew nurea of T rograo deotto poserr-3EratRssl-treet,ciy B ANTO .LE, be PrET,t iontEarlcterrce, situaion, convnient ARM iut contSaidnin 1etliroos nearthe hoy, conainngeaingh roms,peot Rent 22 0. 8Appl to6.an liv. arlow 5, d,raaesd,fare., builingto. Telgs ami URRXTY.-Lttbe Bookhamdetache ReSIDErCed. Be pesantly dsituatle,REarStDNoEs comrntdaining sevenihee an aLtrooms, two bed rawingoD oetoom,brakfastaroom, an good domenostic acmmnall) p arge walleod gawden ind kthebreuar.eThe hotuse isoutnexenlmat o fdr,mhavigmee Trecetl fitedrupmhd'te. ApreRotherlsge2t, Thirrogaosn-et. Preetrcity. raeorue a 'y, beidesomnibuesan theboadts.eForldwvthelypoherapyeitheruto Bt EJ-Thi ForES,DsNLE, byu rivtedtafrl Contrstictio, cotaug ev aluableru II4ERouLen FaIIMr sihetrancelodnobmareG,otheocsden,andry Greatsutrt, groutd bau inullespecidel out. 8iand, anitcheand gardwith snUitablet treelns aaes farbuldin gs, uthoues landfrgestngpn Forhaparas next, For cartheropartIculars apply.to.Messrs. Fortey, allent. and Crec.Prk-r oliitr, OAibtor, Kent If URREYD .-LTtbe Boksm er Labrha. Tove IthebLET, purnihd ofo tCroeyears, wih osesinealyi mend btreekexotlrooms,ecepbednrooms,od dometcn fs n eigtabgoog beor oomonthorefis, a sall panddfoor., godlwitnhkthn adn stat gabout seve mlf e froam Th oso.Trsvr oeae pl toatne aetr. FoGtrm oply 6t. P k.trmt Grsvno-suae BAT-HL, C.-Tao rk-T e ETo ,LTliagreeablthetFreehold to e heth.d wiheoypsesin furiarlallBtStDEn. T,e souited oafml fdsicin contaIning rooesy tud-' lrg oness ad owtinrac og,nbl ohccn sedvtore, plevasurel grudb euiulyli .fihodn Itce hor larikswlrs angod ead ove l tM.W rgtseite agenc GolSert,Park-radCapm,. 1 ofYGove F-To beik LET,LNo,, ad com EDFRD closeAR, Thna esea soemi-adetahdhn e tn narlaoako pravl,ntbhaehlgroe partce ga rdeydtaaendflemnc waacn Station acrds Chuorch,r Eachnd hous hasr ml ocsntetae bgedroom acounthet dm1 and saen Joor,adtrewtrcoes i) a IgNDen OfbitAace TheW hosesmard dnihed cIn a supeior mane.VorTerms applyNO to ess boLaET, Crohntydon, dutsl LAOKHEEsse.T beTET Feurnished, for 6i ord au con uh~fer theILeto OctobENEr.an excellent oFerAMId thep raiwa stat19io Tul,exhcelcontan d11W bed chamberoos, 2idressIn 12bdrooms, stdy,lrgeediing roomg, aateoolm, enddoubl adevrawingerosm kitchen, setgsande' all and domesti oflos, of ever dese, tation, and hasd laikewse good Mearo*de, Appl tor ca. bohnd It is (stugcclorse toePaosts w vilet.sate, age nt, mlackhea theSrtfr.ttin m Pery revln.-.TobeEa cTomoac LDETCIa con1v*taining hall. draetwing room, dinstlor, raing room, ihcnevt pn ing ntodito, itchn, ellr, nd ofics,eix beddrooms,an water. clest rnamnta dowr grdenwit foutai in the ete andom aget,accunant d , 4,uDreyJoh-grve. Cantrury.wl fo teOeam StaiDonon tohe LoT,elgao l and enbetllan. Tilbe fiire, fittEdSup wit every dFmIItLYconeniDence,ithgoodnarmen,a aonds. oatdenos forpleasure ground,sthuate&I thdesm,stabhe althy pleasnt,andic Mpoeadow pdartbo e Windsor, ltthibier minutes' walkeo. Tbl n roivEer, andc is oeutf Eto Cldollege Fist-lassglx annuatikes to adfromthwLoendonc, h oatspecial arrangeen,wi cost memna'h f,rncbe sepa8ir, comprehingrooli exbelentdraing ning ngm2 rooms, librarby, 12 ted roims datresin rooms, baoo rOoom, btenursehoris, n ever neces-b sary dtmwhichan winh and out-doo oay e ; oach-ouslaes, sabiong,an Other caUrvngece, Pleam sureoands kigtch lenGardesslk, Conservatory, and 10 ery,belon medowland, andu mhroaresanob hand.pati situdatecls toLea:sthowvllae andr onl eam mitheafrlpomte Stra.Tford staton. Ins. nrdOitepasesion,tFurtebyherPartiulrietory bte stadeof bos. Driver abeuro RELa daentsB, andt favuctoeers and Wehitehal l,caityerW. e (m ILBURn - desgn aftr tevmot casac.toe a L pDoeT " a. uertesuperinrtemidetachedo ne ei aArcYhOUSec,rgarounds oor wix k-etso. and wnter-c S eloete Withla vatry; liotMfort, drtawiCng room ande boudoir, lecoading loS consevtohe etwoarebedtstt rooms,bDter clset,anti l avaerscnd or fetloor,pfire bedgroomasowate-couet, ouse-e maid' closet, with water;u wthir for. w large bed rloom s; ba staoent lare tcerr, sofufloey,lrse,kif-a, and Patdwbchtwo servgandt ' ros negeth atlgrer-closet;ngeroend wth oo-hose portTico,swith au broom, 'I bes s Pta fr ulln c h stable su,onecoc-os eurd. pl cath8 or 9, Grth ihe-pa ro dgewoer tersame, nare ibuSn Turnepike, Eyl o arhthechue Sitatono the reldo,adeabndandlyosom Rad iway.a-Torb gronds,gathenos,tcorcingtade green housTes,lodges, thablTng, tr ofgeatdu,rc mxentadonad araby,es land,rch altogetherhabot12 acrboes, Tbdesfrom te, hchIs eauftifll merpolacedona slopiglawn and har s a msout-e oeb r,et otainsed rIcal an fle o m od, Sonrvando chanshers hadrRELAstrNes bal andrtanteee Sa loftysuie ofreepttIoeros, palednwteh wayter.Ma 17he iwd betey theoZ= hours ofth2 andr hby 1att. hih winethsre,i the temstmy oDube adoftMessors.Bae royd12on,oc n7oEJIREL -HbyPULIC AUCreI-ENeInIO thResen, woith LND andPRFNIIS 17 tuatsa wtheoutearl oesesien.-TdLhmeSon,kas meted y he Poorietr, ote sie-staofwose healtfthe renersashnc ofresdece ndlpenabe,ltondL ac otdsr Gosin&alsa, cientse In the parish of Loughmore, barony of Elicarty, sind county of Tipperary, held in fee, sod containing 7Ie, lr, Op., statute measre or teab uts ow let at the net annual rnmtalI of M4s l2.I .ThLedofClogberailybeg, situate in the said parish of Loaghmore, barony of Eligarey, and county of Tipperary, held in fee, contaiming 2O4a. Ir. 34p., stastte meaeure, now let at the njet annual renta of £171 Is. 0d. 4. Part ot the Leads of Curzagharore, situate in the same parish of Loughmora, heresY of Ellogarty, and county of TipFe.rar,ooutalnlng MIO. Sr. lO p, statute meaure, or therebouts noW le tthe net annual rental of £68 lOs, Sd. 5. The Lends of Denry, situate in the sAid parish, of L-onabmore barony ot Mlogarty. and =onyOf Tipperary, hseid In fes, containing Sl IS., st atute maue owltat the net annual rental of £60 Os. ld. 6.T Peesmpeo Prt Of the town of Cahir, in the barony of Iffa and 0fa es, ci couny ofTip Y,called the Equare, containing 37p,, sad o hc teeia dwelling-house erected, now let at the Yearl rent of £1.7 he Fee-simple of Parts of mid town of Cabir, caldPato 1the Squwar, and Partof Church-street, on wbehic there are 1 odhue erected,cou,taintng2rc. lp., StaLuie moosuro,nowletatthe annua rent of £259 sterling. S. The Fee-simple of Part of the Towniand of Carrigeen, In the manor of Coahir, harony of Iffa and Offa West and sadsounty of Tiprr.containing 8iL 2.I, 39p. statute mnea'ure, now let at the net yeryrna of £M14s l-a.d. sterling,. 9, The Fee-simple of Part of the TawWuand of Lissava, Int said manor of Cabir, cont&nlg 120i 2r. Sp. statute measur, now let at the Yearly rental of £72 18s. 50, sterling. 15. TheLands of Rocker.sttu&te In the barony of Elogaty and county of Tipperary, containing lIO,. Ir. 7p. statute mceasare held In fee, now let at the annual rental of £7R Ils. 68. 11L Part of the La-nds o1 Tlnvohvr, et' nat,t In the barony of Ellogarty and coutnty of Tipperary, containing 17.a. Ir, Ip. statute omcazlre, held In fee anud let at the net annual rentAt of £100 lSa. 9d. 12. The Fee-simple 1Estate of Coolenemohcsgne, situate in the barony of Ooshles and county of UAmerIck, aounininec 517a 3r. 1Op. 4taute metsure,now let at the net annual rental of:£127 Os.61. 11. Tnt'Fee-simple EsAtaleofUpperKlgaes&,stu-tea statute measure now let at the net sznunal renta of £199 lbs.3d, 14.The Fee-elm pbelrstatoof Castlequarier, situate in itd barony of Coshlen, and county of Limerick. containing 254s. 3r. 2Op, sttatue measure-, rtow let adt the net annual rent,l of £264 Os, Id. ropoaa's for private sale of Lot No. I, called "1Kllsommon Demeffne," will be received by the solicitors having carriage of the aele,up to theSd da of November, 1837. anid submitted to the Oommnlsaonera,llapprpveg of Frretlsan llfrterIfomtin plya te fic fMh AH.PU±t rdItC9T, Red Lon-square-~To uc .LOLI ? on LEAzs .9' othorwise. withbimmediat epa, ss a 00Or,rdneot 15-roomed HOUSE. In gool repair. Apply to bi_ W. Or m,thri14RO. h-illfer. 8hi., 7, Slidl streat, IIanover-s'n4ro,. and re lpec;ab:o six and ee mood HfOUrE.Rn 2 £3.Inqotlr4 at I1IS. Dvonsir-oa;or of 0 tel ,feIg ford-tnr. c. I iliuton. BLiaUKREATH.-To be LET, F"urniahed, -on Lie~ U heath, a semt-decacnel(i wrrAG . containins two sitting ro ors, four bad ruamo, and d,essing ri)om iOurd"n front and back, Apply to %Tr. flee-. at Nlas.r. 'Iltert', .Aontpitler.row, B13okteatb. U.SAOIG.-Tobe LEE, Furbished tricuems iLq,forthrse o Fi a th .. nine-roomed 1HOUSE, with garden. int 008 af the Most respectable losolicies. Term, tw gWag per week. Ano)lr to Mr J. 0. COmper. tioure agent, Reasding. ' to_T b ?TRKl&Tl{Ab, near the a:wySaiuTob SDL[SPO,EO OF, with lasedeat EEOor, OUSE and BUSTHIPis. in th"ejaellery, castle,'7, afo nc'tad. r Particulars a6ddress Mfr. W. StrInger, UiPPer Srah IIARROW.-..To be Lft- oa LEASE, a good 7elrgt- Hi rwmond HfOUSE, with butler', pintry. waLter Led on. a leld, and a gasden. Any inhabitaut of the plas, hza the privilege of 8end. luog their sc on o the foundation of the public school. A&pply to Mr. Winxkley. bookeeller. Harrow. QIT. ARIZ'-WOD FUN TD ~VII L A., W ,Booth hastoElar. Venslow rentilimmediate. bixb3drooss three tecsAtlou rooms, pIanoforte,- excellent ovime. large garden, stol grenouse. Apply mat tthe auctico end estate offioee, 12. sJheapside, end"2, Abbev-r-.d. St. John's-w~oot FFICES.-i'eeapside.~To be LUET, caPital FIRSwT 0 LfOi( ROOM, i In ta beet part, opposite Bow untur,h. Oaly 50 guineas a year. Apply at W. Booth's land ard estateofle,12 isaide, ond 22. A.bbsv-ro?4d tit. Jothu'a-wood, e, 1,iaas WIEST HAM -Frjaed Cttage, four -acre Isteadaw. and Glrdenss Tweo Cow,m "-W. 1Be,oth has to IXED tbe prettiesAt OTrAGRE ITREATrmoud town. Hates eight beds, To etsuse no earls xenanzr.nt very low. Apoly at the auction, houso, and estate offices,12, .Chep-.de, asd.d2, Ahbry-rpad.St. John'e.wood. 'iUR~1suflD o U TFRWIiSHPI to ~be LE-T,o .1.Proert fo Sae. Foall Particulars must be sent before the 24t', far ncetlontow B i'sT' RutlSEC and rROPERrY RtEGIM2ER for(Otoer nxtmolh.-Auctloo, esa b,roalho agenw oflSees. 21., Oeapide an 2. A.bby-roA.ae. S 111tt Jo !'.oad.e BLACKIIBTIl or TRE_ATffAMf_Fanjshed, NISHBD h hasto LET. at eiler of these, handsomely FUR' VILs,wth large gardens. iibt.ee may bs had. Seven bedromsandtae,recptonrooms. Immediate poasseson. Apple at ineautio ad elat olies,112, CneapaLoe, and 22, Abbey-read, I LIC T be L , nuiho,ina P z hulslne,s postle, in hole or part of a capItal FAMILY HOUSE convertileIt a shop within three minutee' walk of Bucking am Palsee pl to Mir. ~Wbte, I, Haliun.etreo;. Iiyde-Dark-corner S.W. WBSTB URNJ-PARKVILLS ~(inth~ebest YVp.rt.-Aeenl~dtacbed VILL&. containing eitht roaom. with offces Bd grdn bckand front. to be LET, far £15per asmtsum.tu thoou, reair wih ps'e-Ion at Michalmnas. A4.1y at Mr. Biner' agscyofice, 7, Prk-street, Grosvenor square,. B'~-~ho LT,a wll FRXISHED cad grden.F quit resectabe Parties itwudb e xrmely ow. dess 8, ost-ulee Acre-lane. Sisn ~TRAN . -Cnimadhn~and extenisive BUSINEZ3 PREIMISE tobLE,ou doors froin the Adetpbi Theatre ; suiabl fo an frt-las trde.forneryabAker's and confectioner's; fite pwt rn,htpae c pl to Mr. Oakley, 8, RegentStree.Wselop,e W{EST STRAIN..-EX teOsive and desirable PRE- A Etobe LET, or tb ease t ySld. The house la flft. In depth, built throughout on iron gtirders and has been recently repatred and decorataa. Apty oan the premises, 35, Strand; or to aIr. OAkles. bonmsc aent. S. Rezent-Rtreet. DENG , net- Iydenhamn-To be LET, ~OnJ LAISId, L a onvnost FMI laY RESIDENCE,. sitnawe close to the charsui a6t Pege, oMta.ining reven bed roomas, three dressing room, drawing. dining, and breaktast roomas,ad domeetic offices.Good garAezainthe sear. Apply to Messs. Brawn and Roberts. 22, Throgmorton-st.,city- TIORNSEY.-To be LET a conveniently arranged JR tsie-roomed HO1USE, In thorog repair, with garden front and rear- the back windows command a dlgtu view towards Highgate Snod V-nswelhilli. For a term, rent £2pranm Apply to Mir. Peacock. 10, Park Villas, Hurusey, DENZANCE.-To be LE_,T,Furnished, for -si. orl-l 1.months, N.o. 9, Narth.para'le, containing breakfast, diunin, anl dra'eiog rooms, six bed rooms, kitchens, water.cloaet. and every otner convenience Terms moderate. For particulars pply at41, Medworeplace Croydon ; or to kim. John Cracker, Fenrance. B OM4P.roN.-Tob LE, a handsome HOUsE- nine rooms, entrace al, ga offices ; pump of excellent sprn water, large gare. Stnsin line of road from Piccadilly. Bet £36 a year. Applyt h we,lis Druce, on the Premises, 2, Hermiltag,, Villas, Ol rmtn erLteArms hoteL. jp0 hansmely FSmibed.-to be LET, Fu ya r linhed, hfor r superio recepgo ro byi a nu aerouse swep and drsesin ssoons ablecoa4-boue. ad f"detached, and thaviejngt aime pl te ur guarion. orful thparticulArbsappyorH. Drew,y auct.ioneer,Georgte- andboueRaent5 POrD-ztreet, Gravork.lare.-. W.ANI IL aneesey umieed,tohoLE, araLEar forlong er,hain DETERS obeAL.T, Sre-T bed LT frn~ tr DEn=ontaexeeningdri moths a nobedeahdF L A- SIdONm, well Furnished,andnvgexes,adtseflyragd Foer fulpaticlade s appl toe rear Dorte, auctionee,Gereset dcmOnin D, w h tsli nI ~Apply a TOthe o NC 21s Clift-ctdns Cimo TouerET ongbiaed, tihdubeo hcoos and v copatRE% DheCE ona taindng drawingd,dinnlreg,ardndhs neatroas iag bedtFfrooms, ad, usualns ervants'ficevTe islo an Larei amaa geea adna h erfrteacommodatIon of a m -bihet o uthi andrhead- capplda thvewoffice, toa Clito Vm l oolas, esia-til ws,aDdivgeo. U~OVER.-OL - o be.HOUS to be i- etach The hose stnds dtachd,innlarge garen gm nealor theosia,tandoommand a Sne iew Doer-ay adIteryChannffiel. Iont hsbeedntlorenly urnshd, ontin exensveoffic es,andh stouaaptedn or thelas comoodtlo ofa lrgeestblsaken t, o uther plarticular andt IWICKEAIFUT be ET sei eidetached R with lage garen, c BTaig fonrh groundfloor, twonsitting odrooms; and athir smalrc in, kltchen. sroomes.and odies; orgh froot,fgoor thre bedroom andardresng.room i healthy. sitatabe onve andtevly soil.Rent£15.Appl to fr.omatkela rytthPedai-uco, nArpl theG LYE H M-U NSETDfratr,st14cals next i-etedetsched RF- IDENCE, wtoinbe neT for of thew rweeks,atconsistin ofidrawminnt Wandkftoting brooms, Ivecosleeigroms da-nddiening rooms, grooda kroombend,. pagaour,garden,be coac-ouse f, restablBale&c;onen oibenl sitate aboute goo minutes' w alfromenwithero bosyesnd g remFor3esttl Stati onrn w10 mtnbutes'walkfrm thegm raditaflPaac. Apply toTnaoth. Plle OODI GreeohEm near Webry ewbrykBrs..a TVLFT, or a term , atLaitchcda-hex, genteelodete RE-r SIENCE, woaithi ; cno mile of the dralwaysaion,rood flire min. rwutes rskoom th beakcht orm.nIt costminicdawing), diningroomes.thairantba rooms,andt erartouroomevendbedxroos,vekge.; kthebe-stall thbe,wdoale cah-ouse,a good wamlled-Infgrq,iren, w ithot-ooserandegreehose&. witeor prtoutd ab ut I e nofplat.lne adjor ning an. Apply toT.Sih PlhilGre'aenbam, near tebu er.rs U'ILDFIO R IL& Surrey tl es.-To be LE,ufrished PaRt Mof easn elegan tlyePRIigh DHOUSE wtnfieain theeaw*vn rSinLaD.brakfs FRoEOmLDot T comm prisaing ,andftwobestrent bed at lcaema net.inth ch-tret wthnefiv mayrmin ute'onl tWe EARva ~be rGNmR, wtl ofsef-ice eyamLodation itviny one nientmlyaagedof Bhen £80per annum.n AT larg orchnarnibd, withacterh housyeazandesirablen,myb hadTR tBIDrequire, Rforene E!1, Hfaigh. street, Guild.ford.arour furprici % JJAYSWATRl, 1D mle fromnChichdone.-To be .1 SLE.Taor EHL ESOTELompisig FAmtyn residece wios,htbeautiul 1 plante rys,d ntepeesnotroman oee tu, wll timberedtoParkncland rofaouts1,0acretos,wth thr odgebentRances,ond laboute0 clsai pim St abln ehand iThequredia eclln AL bomnedtaced wmimth bailff t ou se,lad aUtmoerl ndIm0Perovemntusituthe woein ex cOde-get rdenr, anportone ofseth e e tpuchsetmaney52Pmayridemainope moadrtgagei dsred.EArly po MssrssIonm and be h ad.fAord. toldesrs. Nrskthd eal B REsttadlan agotf survR ors and , 209S.Pl- NomEARt ittlOFGEOLD ESeTsT,aud-itareyLoedg, knwthn as mile ou-f ltherBognorthpation.e-Tofbe lET.d mmnduousper, fr ermofyeas, ga dmesrtable CU rei RneYwl ButSDted E for a vesmallafamilY comprisnodittrtning,ndrwingrom andasbre azdfast prhue fu prdeinciparm berd;,rooms, twonserand tablintto.anadl7ngafretwofhoresdo,coach-huse gren-oue, fn odloe ard.o.en,kthenrdtto ethre nsivyeorchadrd, k andabu an -ctacreatpstue and. Sreietuatrionlthealthy,iadi'ntgsTheotngmrkpertyi stowuSateu Forh frher articulmarendticryketuto ifuw apdlyxtoenrsiv Wriht nd ans esateandhaue asut. NrthPalandthereandeseveralt LI LT arSOLD wih posesson, deachedoFAMILYtRESIroom, ktchn, utlr'spanry,ouskeeer'trom,Tndrsua oBrigesan roo, a £6 rnt,Appy t Mssr. Wn.nd fras.mRDfork.bildern, comraolittieFREEHOD ESTAE, lan-tax he ecd,kowtgs,I na j1AMPSHIRE,near Petersfieid.--MejssrsBroo`ks H anmd Resal are isutetoSL,by Private Contract. an ex. mxedingly desirable FREODETT,comprising Stadh&mhouse, a mnost delightfu rsdneoImposing elevation. internally replete with comfort, setdo ansurroundej by Praline shrubberies and plantations, a beuiflamerican garden of rbododendroas, Uo. The groundfsextend hal a mlin circumference. A famnons trout rtreamlet passes through th estae There is a goad stock of game. The kitchen garden is enclose by a wall 14 feet high, and fully stocked With cholce fruit tress. TIer isa dDublp coach-hours and six And three stallstables, sirood homestead, andin all abontlitoacresof land. Very excellent soil. The house, which wras erccicd regardless of expane, contains seven bostbedchamberadeseingrmom,anidwater-closet Principal and aerondasr stairrases thre servante, beet roo0ms for sx beds, and bath rono, The Psincipat milte includes dining Parlou-, library, drawing room opmdug into conservatory, all in excellent order. and with mahosanydork; morning roam, ball with CorinthIan colonnade entrance, Usual domestlcoffices. The title is ouexceptlona-ble, andearly presmion may be had. TOA Ra stlemean desirous of enJ0ying field sPorts, a social neighbourhood, and healthy abode,this Propertty wouldibe moetsepeciaIY alapted. For further particulars ns -to price, Uc., apply to Meksrs. Brooks and Resl. 209, P icc adily, W. ('RAV1i?3 NV'estRiding of Yorkshr -m ortant c I Freehold Manara, Advow.-on, and Estares-T bSLDby AUCTION,In lots, at the Devonshire Arms Hotel, kpts,oMonday, the 19th d,ue of Octobler. MU1. tbhe-rablahe and extensive FE'E F HEOLD MANORS and ESTATES of THORNTON and ?MUDHOPF~. together with several detached farms, Public-houses, cottages a highly productive limestone quarxy and gritrtone rcol, which ism% au able for building purpo:;es. The, manor and e,~state o1 Thoentor cnMprsealreportion i-f the hamlets of I hcrnton, EVr-7. and Eel:=ro. in theparish of Thornton in Craven, siart cuamincs upwards ar 1,iS00cres ofenxceilentpatturoauadmeadow,.wath a smamll"extent o' wood andmoor land,affordIng excellent swr,ue ebootimag. The Mid. bopenuanur nnid estate is situdtte in the parish of Gislo.ir, and contains2ib acres of meadow, pss'ure, and wood le~nd, in a conce Mete ring fence. Tte chief rents art4 other manorial rigzhte and Ploriat will b! sold with the manors toa which thbey are APrurtenant. The a,Irowson amid next pres-entation th the valuable rectory. £ Thurnto wsill faran a distinct lot, The limestone quarry Wil alto ie ofererd fep*rxtel1y: it is now In full operstin, and in dILrect commeunication bly at beanch line withn themr tilway, amid the supply 01 materiel, which Is rrimoch Used in the smelting Of irbon, is abumdaLt, The Leeds sod Liverpool C~anal enid the railway from Manchester to Skipton, with stations ot Thornton and Rarby) fintersect the Thornton esetate, And the Chatlnrur Station on the 5,itheroe brancha of theLanucasireankd Yorlirlire Railwayis ithn fve ile oftheMid,ap esate li-tb et-cates are fxeebold nd tthe-fee, re mst repectbly renoe,sdcpbeo gret iproemet, nd her eisile ltu'isbenteatey hgl e ent*sreet;-Thewhole! of g 0d rePaIr, for three !ea.i Apply at Nfo. 12. ufriso,n W ifrom LII &bd uipwards. Apply at Holl-ode Subdin W'ndsworih, lilIninuteel wait fronm the gtation. Iylde otaj If'AAMBEHWVELL-To bo LET, a co mmiandin9 JSH6oP, wiheacedleut residence, sautalle tor any businee,. AP, P.y to d. anit, W12dminll.pl,oe. Oamberweil. TNOLLOWAY.-To ~be LET, in hi hlirset kJable neigbhotirtood a conrenient and well _.ine i-omd HOUSEn, with offices, and gaden. Omnibusces passing to town Every 1 Imlnuten. Rest ver moderate. For fearther sarticolars apply to Mr. uoo. Jno C.rter, builder, Hrrnpey.road. WHBA IUKsY. - Rent 435. - Covenient RiOSI. ..,DIINCE in cspitai repair-four bed and three sitting rooms, othie&s aud ga,dens: excA-lent water aznd drainage. The elation is close at hand, and omsnibu -ea to the city paws continually.-at. Debenbam, SD, Cneap.ide. (2 &43&.) K emnil detaohed VILL close to the gadnfcnann ire bed. ,oons be ast drawng nd dining rooms goddeeti f .cs =et k0 una pr annum Apply at 10, Veol-od AYSWA ER, loseto Kensing n~res..obe BALET,with R i lmeaediate legntl r- hobbd, containing frout and hakdaigros nn n rent- f&trooms, rive nommodioua e hmer,wt flogcmlt gas Ilid oi. 93nt moderate. Appya1,Prcet-erc. PLYRITREE, Dev-o.DechdCOTGtob .LLHi-, Frniabed. Tworo ti,tr bdr, ndadesn room. goLd kitchen anid ofie;wileondgadn 1chhse n two-stal stable. fie natnutee'wl rmtecurh ormlnfa Collumpton mar, et town andrlaytto.R t£.Dretis Veysee. D.ventry. 34OUSE tond P~MSS suitable for a pii-nterj and Hk g..zler. WANTD ihntw ie fth iy ed tlriculars t!o Delia ears of Mr irh,swagn,ichle,.0 LMS-HIOUSE,i for SALE, or to be LET, in tthe A. sabur'onot London, Apply to Palmer and Co., 13, Gresham- ADAY SCHiOOL in the Strand to be DISPOSED A3 OF, for a tridle. 16 pupils. Anosouplishneiena not required. Address EL. B., 10. George-yard, Lombardatkreet, ('I ROUN RENTS (FREEHOLD and LEAiSE. '.itL IfrSA.LE, Apply to Palnier &ad Co., 13, Greebam-sict, 'A ANUI"ACTURINUJ PBEMISES to be LEr, SF, isith steam power. Apply at the Atlaa,Worlca, Borough-road, UILDING SITE, Cannon-street5 elgbe o h Ilerection of first-class premises, to be LET. o atclr apply to Mr. Jones, essate age.t, 21, lillk-stroeer Cheapede,d C VT4REE IEEk OS,Wolih-T eDS IL'P0d EDO F, the EHBTO,Popc-rw elih on a odbus.iness, ana in astainlkl ooti prtUes The u) rIe!rleeretIring ol hog l elh pl nteoele DRAPERY BU.-INESS.-To be DISPOSED OF a, goolI ready-maoney BUSINESO, doing noer £4,000 per sannu. and On the increase. in 0-c of the beet streets In BrdBtoL. Btxk an fixtures about £24. Apply to 0. 8, flaywardse, bookseller, 1, Corn. street, BristoL ESII N EsnFAIMof3 acreson the Brighton L~Lice, near Crawloy Station. Thebhouse very pretty,sadapted for a gentleman's establlshroent, land principally asture, good stabUig, farm buildings and bailltiVa co'ttage. Views at Mir. Alfred Cox!a, ft, NOew Bond-street. ?o 3.611 1I SN iSP R B M IS S a nd D WFL L IN G 3)HOIj'SNE attachel, 19, Blackfdrinr-road and John-street west, to beLTon Leae, witbh Imediate poiseaslon. Rent tcoderato. The Premises are extensive, and capable of eniargensent. May be viewed ODapplication. ~TILL& RESIDENCE-To be LET, a VILLA TRESIDENCE, on the banks of the Thamnest, curtaiining 12 rooms, with garden. Conveyance to towrn by ril, boat, or omnibus, fare 6d. Rent tO guineas. Apply to Mr. Watts, Casteina terrace, on,tho tSurrey side of Hammersmith-hrissge.____________ 1OR SALE, the ANNUAL LAND-T~AX, or pr F ual ium of i s., chargeable upon and hising out of an IL-t'rn Befodairw d prchaedbythlate owe n19.For Bertte. particolass appl to ;. D. Wade, Esq., solicitor, Baldook, MANUFAOTURING PREMISES r AtS P4 HUES to be LET-new three-story warehouses and work. shops, with chiimneys ci tts, esitable for steam Power, and open yard. Foot entrance, Norton-foignte; al-so carriage entrasno3 from Worship. street. Aeply to Mr. Mliddleton. cooperare Woarhip-at., Stioreditch. f1AUFAOTUIN PEMSE-To be LET _or SOLD. first-c;asK PRZMISES, near Wood.strset, city, yeoentily built, and contain 24 large, Ig ht, ana lofty workshio,E or ware. hose, nda are rd ar, hewhl enlsdad compact They 1)RIN INJ wB st-nES foB IP SA,i h B Ohenirt or t auct, rpleteo oft every reust o cryn na exensive bOusiness.heCuningeI abdsut £10 nldn ualht s- curee coraexian. ent lea w. Adrs .Z,7 Brio-sea,W wSositbelora To 8,?OS L B) opnn utr n perxbao oftemiodii caia,asls ha 10wil encoed ossln The premiszes andd staincaemgod,andoenlyt ure insectIeon.torbe approvgi-edlof. Apl toM.Mre,1 Aldmouth etret Go syde-BnnretToad.amcut od .C-Lbe SO suitoabl fsy or aw lady,s of r DItemnesPOSa,iv dispuirion. bnt toicahurs habttenthsion ai. A poisate cha5oIenerg andr adrlesstayrelalize pargoodll incom3be. reiu £10.. Thwe, preset aci odoneer, t, Tlsottehn-crtroad. tasrer ABEOARDING HOUSE, thorobeh estabrisheD, ton beaSOLn . Ton abldy tor twowlag,dtiies ofigenteelann toe rs,actIv diso;sItirdn. n weltso'conoialh-bitasthi inda firs3traltecance. loran every prlcnin. spy enthcomntl,premile toCar.Togedrive agent. and auctoner, .Bem oise. ,No'b-ro er,na nwatr.tecue.Cmewl,S HOUSCES tOSEoobeLEeo SOLD, Wpy1 e con..he ml ae seldom unocoupIed, and would be a profitable purchase, an tenants are glad to ret them. Akpply to Mr. Towers, agent, 1, BIshop's. road, tiayswater. There is a mortgage on them at preeet, and that may remain If preferred., O~BSERVE, Al106 A-YEAR for £4S.-To beOLD ancompact brIck-built HOUSES, reallidng £106 a-year clear of cr drent. Undeniably eltuate. long lease, sewer drainage. Adlo lt to good tenants. Apply, from 2 till 7, to Mr. Green, 10, P-ohert-streek, Chelsea. C'ITY OFFICES and BUSINESS PREMIISES.- ~sJMessrs. BAYLY and ~NEWMAN respectfully notaetthealientiosi of ownews and ozropiers of CI1TY 1PROPERTY to the groat facility of LET'TrING or DISP0OIl7G OFesame througb their agency. Nfo expense incarred for reglsturig.-.Esatae and office ageuti, 10, Georgeyard. Lornbard.street. ILTJOU:3ES IANED.-Messrs. Bayy and Newrman LA h9roedaily np2tications for HOUSES, inall ports, and',wlthlu 20 mlles of Lcndou. ranging from rentals of40 to 200 gnineas, owners or ooccupiers hiring the nameo on hand, by forwarding full partculars,will cociult their own lInerest, acd incur no expense whatever until actual tenantcr, When a cmnisson of spyec cent, in chargld-aaeoo 10.Ger,e-yarl, Lomnb.rd street, MC. e.Etteolc , T'OSTATIONERS.-Messrs al n Newman T 2. cnoger to parties with slarge or sml aia,gnu U - N 1SPSSEtin tb-i bove live, pon moat advaigo, em;an hs wisnuig to dinp: ire of su-h In twnm or countr ilcnutteritre by forwardln; full parti.culars of the namne. Noeoue htvrare lncur.,ed until actnal bwuiless in trannald-Ett ffee 0 ere yard, Lcmlvsrd.strcet. BMC. EiNI-D)ETACHIED VILLA-=To be- LET, a verly SPretty erami-drt3ebed VILLA RESIDENCE, containing dining, drawIn g, anel four bvd rmmsn litcben, ecullery. Rn.: gans laid on. Good garden, with fruit treen and bu'be;s, Rent £40; taxes moderate Apply on the premises, 6. DO Beauvolr.nquare, Elugaland-road. Po~ssessin can be had in a fortnight, CIOLLIERY.-To be LET or SODavr lgbly ~Jsituate COLLIElty,with watericnd rala arag otenot. The surface area is about 900 asryss. The adonn ie r early worked otut, and the seams and qoality ofthnreoeayvuti. It is in a miiliaud district of known minrl wat.Fl atclr to be hod of Meas"r. Brooks and Real, land aet,29 icdly T EElP-HO USE, with an established Free Trade in a B flntrato west end thorosighfas-e doing nealy £70 per monith-. Firt-rate PREMISES oznLEa&SE well fitted up, has double entrance, and plate.rls,ss front. The Proprietor busing taken a ouantry publichouse, will give early Possession. Apply to Mr. Moarley, I, Stsdmouth. street, Gray's-inn-road.- IFTY.FOLJP. POUNDS a YEAR for £L250, A asising from two houses and other premises, nearDry-ae The above is the net annual income after payment of ground rent and taxes, and the rents are considerably lower than the average of ,imlar propery in the neighbourhood. Losase 24 yeams-1Mr. Debontasm. SO,Coneapside, 13,220.) A Chrmig LitleRETR AT,near the RegentVs. par.-Fr SLE y Pivae Cntrst,the LBASE of a dotucho RESDENO. fited u en re n grat test, with excellent AHOUS& in one of thuagratest mercantile situations tn the city. to be DISI-OSED OF. Tie returns about £9,000 per annum. Profits large. Lease!22 years Rent low. From £4,0D0 to 3,010 willbore- and Lovejoy, 5. ,C!hancery-lane. First-class BEER-HOUSE- payments £260 per A month for malt liqoum. The pre_mbses are commanding, and Lae;held by lease for upwards of 40 years at a ground rent, £300 cash required for Possession, Particulars may be had by principals MElv t ir. Thiompson. auctioneer, 55 a, Southampton-o, is F REEHOLD BUILDING LAND, Dn_lwioh.- FAbout 60"sres of LAND to be SOLD, byPr1vate contract, at a low price, in this chuboe neIghbourhood, admirab ly suited to building purposes The situation is high nd dry, and commands fine views. Fecs is gooi brick earth on the estate, Two.thirdsaof the purchase money may, remain on mortgage If required, For particulars apply to Mr. Newman. architect,2lEurnitval's-inn. .¶OBACCONIST's BUSINESS, in ono of the m-ain T .thoroughfares in London, to be DISPOSED 0O'. It is very compact and is fittedtwith a modern plate- lIs front, and for a long caries of.Teans a very extenare bUSinsenhS 14teen do no in it. £6100 cash wilt be suiSclrut to purchase It, offering to a small capitalist a very fine opportunity. Cards to view and particulars may be had of Messes Belten, honsesagents, 4G, Hatton-gaien. FURN ISHED HOUSE, on the Paddlington Est-ate, ne3ar Masids-vale, to be LET, for aix or l2 months; comprisig dinuing room, broWalest room, double drawing room, conservatory, 6 vs bed roomsanard dressing room, with the usual domestic offices. The furiueI ftems elegant deecription, and comprises a BroadWoo' rn tnfre For pacticulars sddrecs by Iletter Only to A. Z pot-ofics Mais hll.W. URNISHED HOUSE to be LET, -or the ~Furnitu`re Fto tbe Sold. Tbe house is sItuste in the neIghlbourhood of WestboraneoPark,ass contains12 rooms,with every convenience Any persen about to fauruish a hourso ¶.old find thi an advantageous opportunity for purchising good furniture. The house unfurmished, In of tbe annualt value of 47£0. but may be bad forf 60 per anoum, If the furniture is urchassod. Apply to Mr. Towers, 1, BiIshop'a-road, near Poyal Oak. PAddlngton, TI NURNIHED,sttiatbl forprivate residence or fir ffics, te WHLE o a HUSE wish lbs eXCeption of the grond lod i te hal tret utof eget-tret,cenaisting of ninae room, kiohen. tw watr-clcts lare y rd an our-house, angndevi convniene, he huseban eenlateyvan'sd adwdell'nated.e and fromMicael insnex, Aply o R W.,124tReen.-tet Appl be- WATIER-SIDEOLMANUFACTRDING- PRE.- LAnSES ofcUn thefirstgiss-To be LET, on LhelasE, importntr house langodohrbuidings and oining,roma boremars't dweling-orne nibady Mess ,rs. Bronmh oryscoan d W kiten e) tbu eaey sa change, . C. in6u2.gDTe ivut A o:d Brad-ste adpet rxoyal E L ADIES' SCHOO or BOARDING.HutSE.-o Annu eAcelleto Opoir ng14 ,-T be LET, at erlchilan cre OUME nNISEDton-errac. Fetbor-gov.iranwaterr.e 10yberom,w lrgew,tF dirwiug and dinilng roomsbekfs room four librgary. tho txell 1e,,' roo,Tm k(or send kntchen, &ciTohn a fuiley, and urngal lcteir,i- imciurtnsmehrusv vauts,1 a good ladhles' andas t Kreparogcehool&t is Es-c n,-eeer. s-il pupil woucald be iim lsed. Rhit £house annumd, fuAupr iabe.Apl to Mr. Greline.u6, Nneern-1er,pce, Fo tbwcsrMHtD HOUSE,irk W. tosn-erae ye t_ rk-To E3 PeLtT. a Iwell itNiheD Countly.-Aco eainin tw k Denvsle4 tOd Tiltba titie. to siry, ic T a feamilyan reqisdyuog a BtcI rc fpracioslshn atd laty0 asea with 'istooranes plto Kenni tfn-c-a e d id-ngerk m pan lothe kiedubtinald c oollcs othisr hwith wjitorld in- oun iestrabieTt,Ap to r reeboeacn, auctIoeer 17, ppero u+onthifesvtretd, othtlysf-st W .Ib e eatl nmd t er AIpi tOssueve and Underbay,hv toLE, In a- lead. ingsar, randt9-snoper b"pkr,-st ttr ttenai Wn,,erl. aB' fTREeeatmdr OOD GROCER's SHOP to be LET, cheap. A- dror A. A, at Deacon's new, rooa, 151, Loadenhallteieet r!ilOSub ove 248t eae a year, fo |""O IroO 10`40, bo beSOLD, fof £40; W.'l tM.Ewn o' fisa ColemAO ke,Bank. rlHE lMPROVED, 3OUNDBE:NTO f£5OAe - u hursnea Grwe- tree,tobeObD f,r £30. Apply at Mr. Edwin Fox's oM Vs, No 41. 1O1enan. i I~~~~~~~~~~~~1 CElcn-t , ["XTEISLV MANUFACtR~INGPREM1St 64 q7O PY 11 pCeL r & ;in daisk Or othswje Apply o er. * SlT END. S n HU,SEVD be 14ST. DAkel-stret Mane asqt -erruZr a*nd othe o-A B 5.e't. feow ltegas,froi. nqars t No4 METAL Di to be DSPO ZD O -n d I. tiring from the ot on t br Fain OW5, Graval.lane, la.Oeg- et ritHE T OHOUBESand SH PS,inithe ooui a. producing a net serprored reut o57 a year, we xoT SOLT by Mr. MABB If, At the Marl, and ae DOw offered for the Bredstse c f5OO.-t Glues-. Chbarlotte-ro:w, Manlon.hos,, f)RAPERIO VO'II *nd CERAHOP-IIOUSE mth Lease and lirt-ro ouly reqired to be tke AppIY to Mr. E berett, euntar 5, Kingstreet MO. ------- LIBOUNTY HOUTSE.-To be SLET imomedlate, within a mile arid a half of a rai way ton. a COUNT2.l HOUS, coelatn offourbed rooms, two sittinC snormr, kitchen, soul. leg,Ac. eat 51 pr anum,Foe particulars apply to A.. Z,, post- 11) S toT £20 YEAR-T be LET, aLE ve sictoante ant Stsplehoun * Ot SEt , Deer the, toyl.crewith, Nortt2ng a nof pariculdas iOnq ire of 8! A.-Spoug, InsalzIr e t rese It Dr,' Ttingsll *t frt cbss Briley gocr, 45 Ad Ion4.- 1 adb TILE YA adICTARD I toe LT, sotte at-oorth dty.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~rugfr a.ad pDplou rwetbeurbl bl D g t AUTUMEAL~~~gft exteEAT Funishd Ainl at a tlend, in due7 cndi tion, ltdldges and everthn v^ery Fo npLete TueearthEIoLducig hetslutwaeof -every ecitin o ibether; RED1ICAI r m mat eediart B IeSby.On SALe, an priv ~ ~ wLbu the Oontact onZe Thi pa UG D ron tj sv .1 COUNER IerIKbatdieTl, withtbome Out-coor NMtB toa d MiDwifery,in a otras Ind populoug Nortltbouriho a Irbn t own, ndeaale of gZ60aY , a ereat deiin p ly iatIi Blhnsgtoetee without. cze&PA Y Coingin ep mde E T,Drae. tru the Fre hvngaeltyhpolder M ent Apr ) to htrd Owens 1°s t Nlews Rugi6beytIt- and2 tOx th yero d I. Notfid, ecrin ainth Shooetis nvgstantd welhilet,an 3,000in thre a,oe retwr miehfoun the Oleat Oisk thebordesofpertsuj excee-dingCly deiale I toan ourhser LkplT.-I) a mpon-- aOn d ,rsstplrei t Fl tusoor , betw o reon r large wn vld o'rco crteased Cossng*n verys iugderate, th awnzerE having a ctyaointC u,A pleto .Oens. at MxessDrs. 6,be and Boro, iDovero-rod. .}D O- oInaid a, cFT e deizin orviser ,otlsu4e. satabllog orchard. -l.,lr. Alfred Cex, sureeyor and agent, New Bond-street Lad Up Bamker-street. i o.444.) NET £38 a YDEAR, amply seued ucrs pon f r .F_ houses In the lprh of 1l aryleb, e,Ulet upon lease for the whole termo, eld for a term of0 lear from btI,waxNOT SoLDSbys Mir MARSH, at the e ar, and Isnow offered fer the reduoedeum of £40. -Ardttioneer's offie, Charlotte-row, Maniionbhouse. FtCHOLASTIC.Y1LL be DIPOE OF,:T be LEmai t J, s el e c, t a r rb O M t t be r e b L f o r y o u ngs l a d l e s , a t h e a dvod e r t i s e r tening. Woul6x d rosu it ae lad co, ss ab snsus. conuexon For itreduo Fo,r particularsapply t o Delta, poZrst ofe, ero-atr ee, FuBrzghtou. A l -Il, elig blisbe` COt e1neie 1, bouroo el ally)o o hc DISPOOSEL P,b tobe TRN RErD e. Hulehml ur1n £i40, including a ladns' whbool In connexion. furiAture, &A.. Vt be taken at a valuation, Address 0. BN.. post-office, BtOne's-ld. Borough. L.EOCER's COFFEESad tCHOeP-HOUSE Ointhe SJcyreiturn £0 peu r yeat beastpriont h:eld on leaSe. Present arty harir du e cted it. ilDearsmousmt once-fullY, Furnitue Uof lObed coms c,° inc. rluded. AddresnMr. Gardner, 17, Portaineuthrplace, I ower Kennington-lane. d esrble F Fsd tbcSLJEd (e Ttace be A -T for three months, or a longr periodituate about IO ni,is grom large garden, andecneient cs Rent modora te. Cona enient aU n e t rau d l wan ag n d 2CV b u s eya nce P a rti- cuas fom Sir. Bat1,4, egen-in prcus r, Picdlrly. is ae ( ROUND BENtS.-lto be SOLD, somte GroUdtaNDr rth oto PvrEne- , netr rental fr i) 1tbe pbrSadnugtes wSt years from Mach, 17.te Lr Tewise Two goodps, In a leading ldi thorosglifareUn o'e baer', Adee P.C.,Mr.Ifarelhee's ibrry,King's-road, jJeZoe OUSES tro belep LET,s bvewee Kntbensingtb elon in- , Brampton, adry, healthy,, aind open,ihuatlon, containg nine and II roomN Ds, neratory, front and hank gardens. Bout £40 to £45. Apply at the oflSen on the estate, 14, EarVs,coxtgardeas ; or to Mr. Nroxon, surveyor, 3. St. Matin's-plae, TrafaIgr-erquare. P5ENT, TaUeS a endfirst-cl mRaly, under £45.- To e LET, oemi-detachetd RESIDnXOES, eight large rooms, rd garden s aituate n mar a sAtaon ab even miles from city. Grbe g oil. Thorourxbly draineda nd exelent water. Parti. Uaru "of Air. Manley Wether1eded,s 14, CBoagefgall.ret AUTOUMNEA RESTR).EAT, Furnishedi, in Rampn shire beasr Horndea* -Tor e fron otbor three meonth .modembl EIOV8E, ooutitinlog R OX barinrt.g,1 ga and enclosed in lagebegardens, elevated andwils Sue nksw.-r. Alfred O ox .tDd..-. tflnrer and agent. New Bond-street, a nd Upperaker-stree- i (o. T4rL1 EASEHOLS.- laiingtom - Several HOUS.ES, FL oDnte annldDgx and eiyobt rooms each, in a very healthy Bv tusnFor wsfl built, well drained, and hbaing toot gardens; let to rlDeseebla tenants, and held at moderate gbonund rnte, for ag terms. Apply to Mr.nBmrlow, 47, Oaroline-place, Barnsburrioad slitngion. REE gO I SALE, b~y acres each, neario goo-d roads and a radlway statjon, together with the farm-bansue and out-buildings thereon. Terms md a plan roy be obtained at the office. ef Messes W. and I Harris, solicitors,Rugby. T~~'REEHOLD and TITHE Z IE AI-Ut, orthFy "arptootyime,-. n SALe, by Private Contract, at the low sum of £44 "a smc, including hose,t buldings aid Fimber, a slinulsb- derk- ibeFREEHOLD E S2 ATEof 248 acres,Two-thid. of the purche. scnem may remain tor a termnl.or tsdrtissalapply at the office Mid SW. and ,arrin. so.tints,R -glby. withvryben 3 uI:BII,l-EIOV8B,d z!geanlen backarid frot, TbOpen andJe pleta;ant goidtulatie *h5 d roms, gar a, d tOrent toommence at quarter-day, £or per annm TarUesl low. Ad- dress oth prremisdCrLbes, Housekeepr, 8, Albeqt-ra, hLidLeon.roa4, Damson.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~etnrod IA EDIOAL.-To InvTalids,&c.-T-headvertiser owishe .LY tomet willse a O b ra n GhNTLUITlAiN whose health requires mediclsprionHeI thorousbly quaIl-lcd, and hRashad upwsrda of 12 wer'eprlne eculd als If required scte aseKcretary or assneas etsoinauecpbnbe Address to J. B., care of Win. wo n o s annsre Iy nqudlngT RESIDEoCE, with seven acres of ^^hZ,TLY( b*dato LEonLE E ut f situate in the centre of its na-n eronds e,onW)big asd Chercee. Contains threo sittigsda o e om,wt ooi coneniences, and chaise-. hos an tbe famiefo lto.Apply to M[r. Herrison. Gardens, Weybi o ury aveym heathy neighbourhob an elegantly F'UPRN-SSBD VIELLA. standingint onruds Dlstance from Southampton two xfshes, towhc trW her e miu thrice Gaily. SI ro-ttisre sittRug and six bed rooms ite,A. n the usul offioes For lermer Arc., Apply to X. Y. Z. a-e' irr,Hgh- treet. So uthampton. A IANUFACO Y lgby iut nt e neh. C)., bourboDd of ed, oDiPOE)O,btewarlc. 1-rmlses complact, elted no reted. Tebsns spo mising, and require iteatnin oprhs h ln,d. n to carr It on, wouldrqurfrm£0to40,nwhcapoitf £10O or LIT per week mahereaie.Ltes e-ad oh drse to Mr. Bracher, 3. Walro-nifr,Mninhue ~Xrtuaeina nutrl mrkeingpostio, urrunded byea densely. popuatedmanuactuing eigourhod, ith god dweUllug-houso and rivte ntrnce spcloe sop,wit moernplate-glass front and fiting, ed dinga god teay tadewhih m,be greatly Improved.. Appl toMx, . Wlehr, actinee andviler,24, Dake-street, PClouS BUSINESS PRE57ISES to b AT kJclose to Coveou-garden and the Strand lentrance ion uy-ae Very7 commodlous premilses, extendIngz over an area of 10.00sur fot.with extensive stabling. loft&. reeldecce, Ac., oapable of bigco Terted Into A manufrtoWry, or suitable for any uhetrqiiggo romy premises, Apply tondtse ftreaegheonltdiersaent,M8 ss mo ('10TTAGE, at 14 gieas per year, includine taxes %_/and fixtures, to be LET ohroad toNorwood,useart9oefoot of Horme-hill, four miles from the bridges within a 64. ride of GraoebarhtrtorTemple-bar; coutainJog peclour kitchen, coal cellar4 water-ceose, and two eleinig rooms over : suitable for the aged oir iu valid, convenience end Security belng combined. A,sPly to Mr. C. Perrin, timber merchant, near theflost ofHerne bill, Dulwich, S. 7PENITI ou PO N S:Er" W,EEK,for £130, ~if ttaken at .1. once-To be DISPOSED OF, a LITEHOGRATBIC EINGRA.VING and PitINING BlIBINESS. esrtabihebd several years in the beet pert of London. The plant and masterie oonAi.t of six presses rollers extra typans. about 400 litho2raphlc rtones, copper tlare, s,rd every requisitle necessay to return the above atmount, toLmether wit'othe gas and officefittisge.fitures, nd sndries. AddressLiAtho, Alr. Mce lazcbeon's, 25. Henrietta-street, Covent-garden (IouNT ESDE C , six miles fromInisihop's fisostiawl Iand ahSort dIstance from twaoOther stations on tho Cambridgee lne ofthe Eastern Counties Railwsy.-To be LEr, acoDmfort&ble HOUSE, cont3aiing dining, drawing, and breakf&astrooms, nine bed aLnd dru'ing rooms, garden stabler, coamh house, and five acres of meadow and plantatIon gronAs The residence is pleasantly situate, and adapted for the abode of a gentael famy Bent £L0. For terms apply to Tisomee Unwin, Eiq., Sawbrldgeworth, eets. MEDICAL TRNFE gentleman hvn j. k good-clans country PRAOTICE. ronductdb isl n father 40 rea rs,er cashr ecce p.for the last treyas£ e arnum. Of aimn lro~ate and eligiblemenoeseorasmlsu wilb accepted, end a portion of the euroagreed up,Ar I!whe.cbeai by yearly inst-alments, Ample introduction wfll etes O ei dence Is exwelent and suitrible for a family. Frhrprlneso la. Wilson, Esq., 26, Charles-treet, Waterloo-plae nAssatI immoediately required, also a Junior Aszlsetast, NilANSON ndSHOOTING.-XenT,..To be Lit'T A.YJ. urnishd, CALB ILL1HOUSE, 1) relIne from Pluckleytatlon and fve mles fom te leford Station, on as the, straRmsy Thehoue cntans ooddining and drawing rooms, ard library, eight bedroos ad srvat.'rooms ; rood atabling and coach-housies, larg Sowr grelur,shobbey,and kitchen gardens. The shootingr has beenL carfuly resrve, s vrygood and extends over 2,100 acres, of Which 500 ar wood in a rin ence. For cards and particulara apply to Messr. Buley nd Crlise, oictors 8, New-square, Lineo'E-tun. EL MAll bu laatly situate and highly eligible fsrsn in Suseex, reuiring the suma of £14) for immnediate improvement. Is desirous of IIEATI2NG with a pasty willingc to advance such A sum Onuse,,, tnt convenient detached cottage on the farm, with good garden. Ac Dairy produce and servant foud, with other advantges are offered Thze above is au ted to one or tw.o individurlt of smald ineome wishng fore quiet and helthful abode. Ad eA , . B., care cf C X. Woo bookseUer. Si, St. James-street BBi h MPORTANT SALE of REE nd S- A HOLD ESTATES, in the Oounties of Devon and Coratl.-To be BOLD, parsuant to an Order of the Hiigh Court of Chancer roas In P canme ' Ley v, Ley," with the a*pgobaoma of the Ylss-Csadnoel Stuart, at Pararoore's Commercisa H. Bideford, intheountyof Devon, on Wednesday. the 16ti day of se hber o57 at3o'lock in the afternoon in st, bs r.EbWA E B.pyN- , the ersou sppoin to sell the smve, the valuable FREEHOLD ad SEBOLD ESTATES of *be late James Smith er, E., otDur rant House, near Bidetord, situate in the eval ishes ot Wola disworthy, Nqortbam, Bidetord, a mlkh and elehera, in the orunties of Devou ad Cornwal, Domprsiug very dedrable farms, wharfs, and gquss. dwelllngnhoneos and oottge potiry of a ne. shares in the Bideord Gee-works and North Devon Railway, turnpike bonds, do. Printed ptl cuisn and oondijons of sale roay be had gratis, en application, in JAndon, to Mr. William Iey, soleitor. 44. Lrccld'e-Inn,delds; Mfesss Perkins and Ssn, soicitors, 1, Great James-etreet, Bedflsrd-row; Mr. Waltet Franci Bares solintor, 60, C&rey-street, Lincoln'&-inn; andIn the cm try to Mr. George Tur and Mlr. Arthur Ley, solicitors, lideford nd Mesrs. Peard an d Langdo,4 ad Me&sr, Bremride,ToUer and Svtille. o oUcitors, l ae susp!e. WeLLTTAM W1E 44. Lincoln's-inn-Sele&, 14XCELLBE2T LANDED INVESTMVIENT, in . Sa5ehurst, Monntfteld, ard Boditsa Sussex.-Tbe undermen tinned PROPE 1T' will hbortly be SOLD bli AUCTION, tmtese proe Y50ouFty d'spo'ed of by prirte cnltraft. Lot 1. A very elgible Farm, calle: P;ark Barm, ontauiDg a farm-bouse and tic labourer' otoages, rvl:h re,ute farm buildngs, and 'S6 acres of very good enable, ms. dow, brook, wood, aud bop land, situate in Biehurat and Bodamn. anr Inow In the occupation of MTr. Stephen Smith. lAnd tax redeemed er.st 283 year. The turnptiketoedfrnom Hastints to Hawkuhunt ruse tb'rnurh the estate. Lot 2. A very good Fwam, called Walker's eRa-m, courasing a fare--house and tbree labouen' oote, with requisite farmnqui snd 13 ames of good anSee, meadow. psetssre, bop. and w nood lad, gituate in S aeburet and Mountfised. suiroucded by good aoed, and now oospied by Mr. Smith. IrIt 3. A very e "lle Farm, called the Grove Farm, mutainte a rcE-tcrs.blo dweling-house, in the town of tobrrbid ;ltb gond brildtgs ad ill arre of vrry exceDent arable, m erw. and h'-p land, situate coto an the town, ad very valuable sooommodattone inz d, aLso occupied by Mr. Smith. Lot 4. 2 acres of very good amble, ptstra, end coppice land, called tbe Pesthouse Farm. pleanutly .ate in Salehurt, adoinng the tunpike road from Battle to B. besttsbridge end near rhe town, alro ocplsed byr Mr. mtnth Ti e above properties wll be sold at picer to pay rer rnt to peru ci- -errs For particulasr and treaty apply to M s Shorter and phIlflip, soheitensx, linctings, ewre
ll'g Re.'W. R MIL-B RN, Chplain , the =&ervie ili comenc aD t a quarter to II Len.. and at half-past @ p.m. Gel settee will be made on behalf of th Chals1 Trust F.endL .B--E'0 R",th Right lion. the Lord M &YOR andI SERON t te BY A ltC1.tY fo the PEOTROTION of LIVE noem PIRRirilt be PRE0UElSD by the Rtav. Tho,eas Yolta, 13LD., Vicar Of Acton, ClheseeLre at Chtlatchnrch. Nerrgate-stremn Divine Der il, cU ommenealt 1o'clise. F~~N~~ P hreb RieTn,tha Oa undEy oft big b SnotSeeelayto he onth of Sontensb.r Inskiknt, the Meevice usually perfrene In he aobecurchi will, according to aeclent custom, be perfrmedin te Dtch Chureni, Austlnrlars, Broad street, city, when axd wher a SERON will be felirered. sad the Sac's men ofth Lod'sSuper administered, by the tev.G G.IDAUJGARS, Pastr o th mi FrnchProtestant Ohurch of London. Service to eornenc asusul a itoV'oock '&t -Dated the let of Szeptember, 1857. X)~~~ALIGAIW, Paetorof the French Pro. ______ _____ _____ _____ testent Cbtunch of Londlon. l?ECIAI4 11'9 SER IC f r _le - _WOR3KING G~,jLABSSE` at 1IKItTER-UALL, under the trmedistesanction.of ItheBshoo of London.- Offirea. 1, Robert.etrretk AdetphL The Corareitee deireo t-, record, wtth much tbianbfulnee, to Almighty Qori th Inere wichhasbee taen n te teses of service' now (bea InExetr-hd onSunay eenigs,especially by the w"king clases fo whm tey eredesgne; ad,at the same time, they casot ee oe oor ofExeer-allcloedwithout extsresotg anl earnst ope hat thrughthe Ibealit ofthifriends, they may npeeulybe bleto eope thm o Bodayeveings ad to commence anohercorseofesemoa 1 he rtsan o ths ensely-peopled me. The renewa of these services bys nomeansexciade kh oddrto of niterior arranigements for reguilar publio worebip. The Committee slincerely trust thAt the example mnay be followed esppeiluly in the estere dIsricts of the metoopolla and they wil e%dsly co-operte and contribute,, trom any foods entrusted to them, ''wards the extensaon of these apecial services in Exteter-hail, or whereOver an) otreaina may present Itself for thelr soccesaful establIshment. At a meeting held Auroet 20. 1857, it was reeolved that the following nioblemnen and gentlemen do form the Committee. Robert Baxter, Esqi. Lord' Elnnaird, KiT. 0. J. Saran. F RoHn. a, Kinnaird, ALP. R. 0. L. ct.ao J. LAbozeha,re, Eeq. Sir E. N. B3uxton, Bart. Vton Miltn Lord CAlththp. East of Rodeo Earl of Caveto. Lord ita1iatock. Earl of Ohiehectey. Lord fl. J. P. Rluscell Dr. Cvawfcrd. Earl ot Ohafiesbury. arl ot ofu[loe J. G. Sheppard. Faq. Alex. Halitrie, Earl. Abet Smith, Esqe. Itobt. Haseboiry. Jun.. Yaq., ILP. Wilbrahamn Taylor Fq Hart of ttme,wby Sir Harry Vemney. hrt. Sir Henry Hope, K,CB.B J . Meadows White, Req. IWith poweirio add to their nomber.) Cointrtbutions will he thankfully recered by Haftsm R-MM Bo 'susie. and Co.. 1, Pall-cralt east; by any n.ember of the Committee, seed by Air. WUbraham Taylor. Hoo. bee.. I. Rnobrt-street. Adelphl, London. WILIRRAIAM TKYLOR.IHon. fir. HE~ BLIND PREACHER of PEBNN6YLVA_NIA. T-Tho tRev. WILLIMA H8. tilLBURtN, Chaplain to Conrswas, ThSA.,wil gie aPUBIC EOTIRI inthe Theatre of the Youn Me's hrisianAerciaton,165 Aleragate-strret on Wed- B 0gd`a2uthept.H0,`a5, S beTaWp ten. Mq,Rtrind; gi Msiicea fthein Elozuent, andb soI tte,oor.Tiuts of uadmyso, ges,lemach, may be ohXaiedTIof eNs AaDpTOn, Low, Son, ando Cletton? Lxpeniate-orile ,i~dbroum Smrth, Elear. nduCo., ftd Goaultl Mtobr. atpoha,tmeccaf d;iy;Andi rat heaU bet Hoase, Drted. Ahsdrgte datrueet. flo8s7pe at alfpas Io'cock letuet o eTAXcnc atI S. pRstueir. Oder 1~O O GHOfEUARYLIIT OFFIE S.-Atrchitectsy aply give,thon payateog Tampis Rffi ., f r eTuOrnIng tfirof thOe aboronebiyugou of MaLobn ndpuounc bofl thae 'bCorrp aprHactie byre. stgoet. Bytwrr.I h corert of tS oasry, gnlmn ob h ELBOTIO (SieOR,do Adi FRofEleto EUSTeNse, focre the Ieari horeoch' Of..r the Wearkesuing, ad untibal-laaoter ponteto Elcton -dioruht b.W. maep-Datled thi 156 hdyA. ut 67 AikliTUFOLIT . TOAMPL.RetrIngA OTicr. NTI;RILE R OS' itd WABaou OENICAS.-IArhTeO( orn tloib whom p6reiumsin hares not Mebeowrde are me ofetked tor Applydeith,u ~delay Iaut thi rs offcfr AUTH (oITY t.oaeding A01on thei DRAWiNGtMmesSI. iuedItJnar,14;orgtal andorthitdandIr i he outatufeLondonshud mat Vih., applicattiod"n byAnt f.gesit.By orderof the toaFriedyS,ei' Her alety'sOBes ofWork, &o. 1 Whtehllpaet,tOtoe,a tit enDsho Memberus;o IonoJgRituted tatJauary 1847; originally enriolle under theirStuatuti0oeu.i. e,r ot, andt Theyntre remoirelldW to Cosoidaleand mendthe ir elatngtFrendly SocItenttIe a' 081cc, 75. Neregats-etreeandt.ewer by we Res,M.., .RS. onThruay,th ltho coer atH Gentlemkern dmteoaryuo teomiGu' Ilsptaodenterrutgv satudfutosy u tiestiany as Sothe'ireducation n- conirduc.Te.r enrdt payhe forxth Seatyear. £10 IorNh eon e waOM Nd £1 for ehvery sMcee. n W yetawrtof asitea3 e or£00i nepyen nite Ptudentutoal pere.ualtickei frt. eeaiair tteLno zi 1"reoes. R loyal Coleaofbrts, iasi.eaendeAothetariresidents, andgudressers on the eyewao are selected o actendangtcertomhsetunswo aPerspetxalr.feetsfom thoslestudent a whoe baeotandte olg Far. toer. vaprtotueanbry osy'eHsptur l, will bentero apgtdaia and give Panyrker,isfou.Bctrsat 22o rensuired. ar,ora Ue (Iy l.00opiB l, Luus1.-Popse8rt?.talih Th eml n uex CittitsprLa ttoMMnCE T GovenoThrsday cutto ber1 8. whenothedxlsvl ntrodtory etuale waillts hand teavertedb piresetWoidsworth aitb t 5p.m. tce frte eam n nfu TPerpta foee.nors AFEgAfo wtheeamnadionse ato the pulitondonuni- ofthem two firrytusessios ofatndrancg,te. poreyo wih hte Perpetalrfeedy togthedletowres aloe.abve£50. t: DR.HPark r,ion.e Seorgetr, 21.Fis lryeqacs, r (hlatte) College Dk,ofCambidge .PI 30 .PJoh Pose rpys arut Estalish The Ment flern.isle MatintsT.onoen,SithI oe, lathe sonlyarg cItsI Euope inhihoroisondl 2 is notFmaritefrthwte,reepio of male an femaic lock pthent Ma to seart Itnstittlc. The. Goeror of The Muct Honpital hare thrf Re.eerte to Insttutean establishmhen Rgto eHeoteLod Ixsieytote male H paiens, and 25lev tb preaet heerpde. wit li 20 arn attached, forlhfmlesand infants The Govenor A. PPEALa J.thcoO Graceytoth publi to enbl SMeP . aleayubcIbed toad the abov onibject.. 1- H.R. PrindCabelClrnat, £50000A.W. Ivn RHare, Rq. 2 10 0 0 SLR. Wornll e Esqeorge, $0 Co PayleGrn 2telt). 0 0 0 Dh. otley,of Damrtd. .. 50 0 0S.oh Purpos, Eal. 20 0 0 THe Moslio, jthe . Mar- Th.e, opith.Esq. 2. 0 0 0 qooofilulones 25 10 0JA.Thltletmache, Req., 5AP 0 0 0 The Mos. D.Goie:n, the bir- W. IBe. o Wiler,q. . .2 10 0 qu Ta R of Bo-rabn. 00 L 0 W~ Evns H arl .15 00 TeM os~t HRonIID. the Mar- NIN sud the BooSe 6 totheeRsight Hon. lon 87Sord tev.stlisk.. . 0 tare,Itithutorp , e.2&.0 is revd. Eand ln . 50 Thedon. A.HinardD, R3.K1. Gre,loi .2 H. en Cabel, a5 16 0 A Lodo.-iTohr eq Calenar 00 S.Worrail. forq.100 00 H.Jc.GuYern' . com P.nci 0 00t 1 GtrL Coleyllar.M. 5u0 abo . Gum several 20ia et ofTho H. Hanory, jo.. Red. Hy. U Aplope, .e.o 20d 00itr H.P . It ~~~10 0 .oliemdshe, L Req.,n 1,1.s'.20re no Sir t. DGorig,Drt. p bOe.WAloderto T.2'.0u 00ga &. Suberipis wil b thnkfllyrecivdb oftheOrledasrer, Benjamini t fond al,bril ee1 andthe ndo.nArtur ledialr~ the barters l'fcsr. ans~rne oesere ad of PallniD mallsoyn sc:Iee.Hears.it 57, Fleestrees ir Samuenablotifor threesdo nate, and Mieteolrs. Barcly, Bean, ndKCo. g's o la~.tege, London. W. 3.Cielr, Secreary,Ms. . .F. Alaha . at ..o HeialF,DD, W Ptorine.gree fo rheesun esson 18578ly natning college. to se heIc toewabtiotorla fnested r.. ths readyz, adwbillaybe sent on applicatio Loendon. uatr wNoDEmnce nK e2t o. f R SJ ).Die ctombr. [[i tieCOL ELTE,LNdAN-T eCaLlFend f an JJ~. th vooecsee or ght Academinaltearngeithernowse Ota.1, lory (teeralLIteatur. Meicie,Appid So,solenoes,7andWilmitary Solnc,aewel s soo th Sholandthe govnemor CatheNotal. tarno rany,andwil h snton ppicaiob t her hu u. Oannlugham,luReq., King'sflollve, Lodon, r. Thorlee of te aleendr,frientdbypent in Is TheProsetswl besedntifre. Dae ateaoeIsiu Ii ~~~~whroo e mnterdsrthe esuin Winter Seslobywill bare he exofsPete prvte- o othenden. for seveon,schplarsip twosOhisnlds o eech tnabe fr hre yars aind fre dhadcoholar thlpsf£alecie, enabl fortwo yars. eorbfulepatncular enapple .T.wUnanngha, Fa., Kng'sCollge, sono,W. 1.W JL, DD,Picpl (LUB HMESASCAIN-h Ina Hze) enl, winch willbcm aatont u8 M thet lt Of October nlext, ma e se n plcaI t the Secretary. Terent includes the use of the foit rOom and drawingromwt- u lar,atndc f serants, icc. The nitantion iscanem. wioth newspaplers attendance of Rtecent-,treet. Soot.. 1557. eo h oteiil eIodn-0 'By order of the CommIttee. W. RIVEIAHDSON., Sec. rg i0the gOVEItNMENTS of E~UROP, n mr k esariulr to that of Great Brl OP.~f An Poatoes mood Sa esutua Prob l.le e "'u"'nmmo a-nd PotAto-dtlaease, the Ak-ioitalPrblMsOf theDay.-A olmze DISCO VERy inascence = V. nrch tha communitY beyond the wesethoof aCro5sns Thle discovese hihshud precrib" the effiaCious and easy preventive ro. medies of the above malignant and di&sastrOu,s Pests to animal and 'Vegetable life would be of this clsass The advertiser, afterAreaRs Of sen'Wearied investigation, Prefesse to have0 achievedI these. Ie Ia ready to submtit him!elf for exansisationupo his b proceMSs before any competent tribunaLl.ie only stipuestes that a rullable reward shall be guaranteed him after not less than three ye2rs' satisfactory national experence and demnotetration of their beneficia results. Thne discoveries poasesa the additiooal r'ecoammeudatlon of being so simple no at once tonBugsat themselves for detect practical lerislation. Address H. C. IH. (b letter only), Msese.- E, Marlborough and Co.'s, news agentc, Are Maria-lane. (IRURH PR1rERET.IFor SALE, the lk/NEXT PSISNEATUR t aRECTORY do. sirably circumutrcd n eal with any other prerarmot o clerical offic io ay r of th world. Net fixed value £215 a-yes. Preset incumet .Interest en purchase.rooneY till pomeaeon. Apply to Wi. . W egt architect and surveror, 10. South-square, Gray's-inn, WO A DVOWSON for SA E,'wt imeite pose-.- A zison, in the west ofEnln,itexelnccorahusrnoharira and elebe, worth £1 er ouainaot40 itn 121 slea from railway station.an 1mlsfoaneclnt art town with good aeheolo-. Princplg nywl e rae ih pl to Ueseg. Sater and Olarke.ertoe hr, o es t A DVOWSON and NE-T PRESE-NTAT~IONfor A D,k vALRw wth rospect of very early peasieson, most pleasantly dtiesat, in Dev=nhr; nelghsbouhoodl good, anti near the wse. Net incomre, exclusive of excellent house and grounds, £740. Piat of purchase-money might remain on mortgage P-rmutpals only may direct f.r parrticuars to M5 . H .., p oet.offic , Eamp pt-n-inArden, Corcoiry. and orne of hreerasea; aout 80 ppes;"'"'nsiOe tf by If t. 6, andOft hgh.Fres 0 uinas Ma b sen tlseco MUl sad Sons flATIG8 E~ STLENA1Ja In Two. B A-BATHING abtBOL(N cal&De, and Jolkestona.-JHPJML TCkT EtE.1, a and pattculassseSut "tr we Dep it-book JLL EXPRES TRAM d w we, dgd 10 oh Taste Rs talwag vir-, 9.16 16M. (fird Oand.sop.; also a heae I For partculars stee enrebo.Wci~msi E, OUSIO a(IC HEAP FAST TRAINs, mad forkn,ather vro ac Oattractive pleawes trDon the line. Th leasrit one G iRET WETENRAILA'Y. - EXOtlR stage), at 7.10 a.m.730S.a. arsthere and back -Dhsblin, SO5. A8 and 23L: slde of Man, 44s. 6d. sud 20s. 84.; B3angor and Lian4udno, 43e. and 20D. Sd; Livrpol ad Brkehea, le, nd ie,; Lanolen-road and Chester, Poatclrsooee toi Marnchsers fitom L henerpo tor ublinoo, Tal Ma.Bnor n iududo n thu a e sOprtunit of vetutufno the AnAre G HEAT WESTERN1 R&ILWAY.-TourjmUstaad Seasde Famnty Ticke%e-.TOURISITWI TICKETS, to Plymouth, aviaiefrthree weeks, are noew leaned at the Paddington Station, enabling p"asengers to stop at Clevedon. Weston-super-MVare. Toequay, or Totne eihrgigo unn.Fares a3 IOL. and. £2 10O. Tust'Tickets to Bideford. available for three weeks, are now Issued at the P'addington gtationt, allowing asegems to atop, either ),.gor etun",t Exeter, Eggeefoed, =autaple, and Ihstow. Seaside Family Tickers. to Dlawlldh, Telgumouth, and Torque wse now Issued at the k'addingl on Station, to parties of three persons, available fuir 29 dayv. Fareis L2 IOe, and £1 It. Furthler partiular can be obtained ont application at the Comp&an' Ollires. (RIIAT WEITERN RAILWAT,-IL] o MN W.Xanno.Beatuwaris. and Llandudno.-TICKETS for 28 days are now ISSu ei atth aFddington Station. Fares :-Isle of Man, 80., and 45s. ; Bangor, Beaurenris, and Llandudnto,70.. and 50s. Passenges may break the journe) at Chester, and proceed to Waneleseter, the fare there and back, heing Iwumded in the above farce. Further partioulasa maY he known on applicationt at the Companyv's offices ('1REAT WESTERN RAILWAY.-TOURISWB kXTICKETS to NORTH and SOUTHI WALES. available for 28 days,b are now ferried at the Paddingioo Station. Farc 70e. end 80.. Futer p3sticulare on application at the Company's otlisee g" ¶REAT WESTERN RAILWAY.--FAMILY kXTICKETS to WEYMOUITH, for periods extending from a fort. night to three rnonths, are now Issued at the Paddington Station at very reduced farce,. particular, of which can he known on applicationast the Company's officee. M~ARGATE CHEAP SUNDAY EXC5U-RSTON.- ltrt(n of Time.-On and after Sunday, Seyjtember 6. untIl further notice, tbee PCOAL TRAIN willleave the Yeuchurch.atseet aard StePneY Sations a.t .7 am., returning from hiarate at 3,10 pi.m N.B. The Excursion to Herno-haytea withdrawn. Eenchurch.street Station, Angrier 31, 18.57. rl 0~ LOUGHTON Woodford, EBuoxhu st athbil. CHEAP EXOUBSIO1W TRAINS fzom the l0enabNurehuireet and Stopney Stations, on Sundays at 10.5 a.,u.. Alondays. at 10.10. am. Paress:-Flxst-cla8%, 2s,; suoond-elmas, Is. 6d.; thled-clas, hai-there and hack. Fencburce4-etreet Station, Aug. 27, 1807. IDISTEN OT 'IE RAILWAY.TI, '.g £24 Day Tickets.-Ou andafteir Monday,Se;.teuie ,19, TU CLASS DAY TICKETSa will he issued to and from etor,Euld and Romfo,d, and 311 intermaediato stattose to andfr,Bin0,ae Threetickets will he revailabla by thirrd-clase traisoly. By order. J. B. OW0 Fecretary,, Blehoperate Terminus, SEept 3, 1857. CQOUTRf-EASTERN RtAILWAY-.DOVER RE. aCJ GATTA. Monday,. Sept. 7, 1857.-Cu the shove day RTUrIg[ TICKETS )lat, 2d, and 3d claws), at sbinle fares, will he (send by the following ordinary trains from stations hetween Taiubridge sod Folkestone luot including F.,lkectenel, and from stations on the A,hford and Hastings and Trunbtidge and Haatings, and Ashford and Barns. gate, Margat and DeaLl Branches. Froum Tuonbridge aod intermediate statiis by the ord:nary train, leaving Tunbridge at 8.30 a.re. Froma Hastings anLd int-renedlete statiGsn by the ordinary train, leav:ng Hastings fer Taurbridps at 7 a.m., and flastings and Iutermnediate stations for Aahford at 6.30 a.m. Fnom Mar6ate and Ramspate and intermediate stations by the ordinary train, leaving M~a,gate at 3.35 amr., and Eansegate at 8.50 a.m., anid Deal at 8 49 a-rm. Returining from Dover to Tunbridge atd intermediate stations, and stations on the Ashfor3 and H-atings and Tombridge s.d Hastings Branches, at 5.30 inm., and to Aslifurd and stations onL th. taimagate,i blargan'. and Deal Branches at 7.45 p.m. Ticitst available ior the day on'y. and not transyferable. 0. W. ZBORs,LI, General Manager. London-bridge Teruilnus. August, 1897. rpflRHE, DAY! at to SEA -SIDE.-C1seaP Eor J1. eian to Weymoutht anid Dorchester.- SOVTH-WRoSTERN IIAILWAY.-A SPECIAL TRAIN will leave Waterloo-bridge Sinlibu. on Tucetay, September 11, at 45 Mretonte past I O'Clock after. nioon. for WEYMOUTII, Dorchester, und otber Stations, returning on Saturday, Setemnber 19, at 10 minutes past 6 muorning. Famohr" an'd hack :-Firdt-lsass excursion, l2e. ; covered oar, A salaal carpet bag only allowed as luggage. Tickete not transer- OND SriNORTH-ESTR M Lepemer,oo ahete1.1re, rhet6urnigetey nte.4h it 8hSp Mace thee an hec:-Dnlln.1e.24. nd3M. ; Isle cf Men, 44c li, nd St li.:Coaay r angr,tIe ced2ee; Liverpool, lie, and ie. Chste, le. nd le.:Welingtonor hrewobury, 27e, lid. aed Ie. Wovegamptn, ie.64.and ts,lid; Brmighamn, 20s. and Tickets, bills, and every Ifuormatfon can be had Ia London, from the Eusten. Station, and at Swan with Two Necks, Greeham-etecet; Univers%l office, 90O, liorouch; 65c. Aidrate; Bolt-in-Tun, 64, Fleeta1treet; George and Blue Bloar. 219, HIgh liolborn;, Goldent Crmss Cbaelng.creos; 5 seed Eagle, 84, (irseebureh.etreet; Spread Eagle: ltegent.clrcns, rlrraoiny' Universal office 33, Ieatc ron.Fora. dilly: .Old Whbite Horse 6ell,r, 115, Pi'rn.a.lly; GreenL Man and S.lll, 35tx ord.etreet; white flume9 , ftFettrlane. L o -Manlaoste Azt Trasum' ~~bi Manchst Arrive at Leave the Arrive at Leave E'uar.e station, Fasten Sta~tion. M anchester. tlancheeter. LouOoa. 8.15 a.,e. . 11.40) a-r,. 4.24 amr, . 1L 0 a.m. 9.li.3 9.0 ,, . .m6 10. 0 , 4.20 ,. 10.42,, . 4.10 . 12. 0noon . 9. 0 ,, '1.15 . 17 2.15 p,re,. 7. 0, 12. 0 non 7. 0 0. 0 ,. .. .40 ,, .30pm .. 0, , 5.15 ,, .10.38 , 4.15 , .. 9. 0 10.14 ,, S 4.30 a.m., 10.24 2~~d Cla W. 5. 5.20 amr. Cer mut h taen t Mnchste toaskrottickets via the London fla tcktsar l.-od orseendas,byeVer train from Euston Staio t Mncestr,atSl. 0. es cas, nd375. W4 second dclas arailahiefor retun on any day wti ee as from thE) date Of Excursion Trains, until further notice wil leave ]Coston Siatlon every Monday. Wednesday. and S-aturday, at 10.45 a-r., f or M&n Chester and BtOckport,and llanheater andStookport onthe same days at 11.0 a.m. for Erustoni Station, by which tickets will ho issued at 2ie. first Care.8lIe. Gd. closed carriages. avallaile for return by specia trains on theMonday., Wednesday, or Saturday etfloi hdto Issue; and xexursion ticletz, available for (18 day, wthei udhAtyO the maine trains, returning on any TMonday Wednesday, or Saturday within that tis.e, 37r. first cla,1s.li. cloe carrigs Tickets, bills, and every Informiation can be be in London, from the ustn oatin; nd t San-lthTwoNeoks, Gresham.street; Univssa ollec,10,Borogh;61, ldgte;Bolt-Irs-Ton, 64, 33eet. Geeu-clcur Ma ssadlrlye Uatnivestaltfin, 31. cgo1cic,,7 lgs ~J.,ANCHESTBRa ARCT TREVASURES ExUffBI. if TIONT.-GREAT NOTHR RAILWAY. Trains from london (King's.erose Trains foom Manchester (London. Station). road Staton). Leave. Arrial,a Leave, Arrival, 6.30 amr.1 ) 6po '8. Sju. 4,15pm '7.10 ,, 1. 426. 9.15,, 4. 0 9.10 ,, J9.85 2.53 , 9. 0 ,, 2.0 ,, 1.30 ,, 6, 0 IL. 0 ,, .20 L, 46p.m. 9.30 , 1.45 p.m. 10,15 ,, . 0 , 10. 0 , 5.2 ,,. 10.0 ,, 8.10 ,, .B i. 5,48 ,, 9.300m. 9.10 j Leave, Arrivl.t uds Leave, ArstwL .7-V 20. I~~~'. G-r .6 . .. 10. 0 80 6. i la P.Mp.r Fares-lIe drst c=a 25& 19,. udcc a yaltam; a1~ thrd glare, by trains ra'ed ri" lr y l ris adis 4 Care must be taken at Manchester o ar, je, TickUt VIa the Great Northern Routs, Dal,'Voeta av!labe fr syerdays, ar iseued by sany traIn fromn KigGCwS-to toke ana t''at Mfe 64.fist a and 37a, 84. seconid csteer Excursion Trains, until further notice willleave Xing'scoyod StationL every Monday, Wednesday, and f-ia6TuAiy, at i0.40 a-re. for Lnha tor ; and Mlanchester, on the seine day,at 11.0 amr. for = &Ag's-tus, by whicb ttcketa will be'issueI, at 21e, 1r 2 s e. 6d. coel cadmies avaUible for return by sis) riso the onday.Wedaes.aay, or Saturday next following th 0 date of issue ; and excursIon tioketls, avail. able for'28 days, wil be isu-ed by the same trains, neturwing o am- - Mo0uday, Wednesday, Or Saturday Within that time. Fares-lie, dij class, 1Os. closed carrIages Tickgets are ivmued by the errs, Excursion Trains on Mcndays WedI. nesdams anac Saturdays, and on the msam coniditions, to andt from Guide-bridge. Dluting, and King',-croes Tickets for theabovre excursions sari be obtaineu at the Kinge.erus, Sttin.an IorMachstr nl) t heGratNothrnreeiin offies. ull.rrd.,Iooli,ht.lavtl's.l.Gred ;6. lhsre.sl 2 ~HROPH1RE JNiONRAILWY-SSndCANXAL COMANYNotceIs erey ive, tatthe HALF-YEA,RLy GENERL METINGof te ShrehodersIn thin Company 'will be heldat he Lon otel Sbcwsury,on hursay,the10th day of Sep. tembr nxt,at o'loc in he fceaoo.-Dteothe 17th day of FO r, hirman ALRDWRAGGE, Secretary. inst., to the saId 111tthe day odaSeptember. r1'~E MILANDGREA WESERNRAILW~AY RLf1 ELAND) Co PAIOY.-Galway Hotel to he, Let,-Ttre Dictrs aePreparedi toereceiv, protooals for the tenancy ot the COre. pany's R.LOTEL at Galway, containg abret So hedl rooms, fully I or_ nisbed, and exceedingly commodious in all respetg. They are also prepared to receive offers for the Management of the Hotel antit erih time aw a suitable tenant is acceptee, For further partctirlass apply to thae Secretary, to whoma all wmmuncetions are to be rent. BroasteeTernlng. By order, HENRY BRAUSMBII _rod__o_ Temni.Dublin, August 25,1857. YIYMINGTONO RALA-otc is hereby L4 zrien, that a SPECIAL MEETING of the Prorrieters 0t the Lymington Railway Company will be hold at the Literary Institution, In LyrniDgions In the ouanty of Southamptn r.n Monday the 21st day of September, 13857. ati12 o'clock at noon prelselr, when th Directors will submit spelaly to the consideration and deciionL of the Proprie. tore the Terms of Agreement provinlonadly concluded by the Diretors with the Londonaa en I3uth-Westernt Railway Company foel working theO traffic of, and miaintaining this Railway. By rde oftheDirctos, E. IL mooRE, Seo. YORKCETRA ~RAILR~OAD .-Teascers l'lo, lbay,July 20, I28.-Eighth Sitockolder whose cfloc,k Is registered at London will receive their LtvidonAt on the 1Slt day of September next, at the Union Bank of Lodn tthe rate, as heretofore, of 4e.lId. so the dollar. GILBERT L. WILSON, Treasurer. RALUSTRAING for GA-RDEN TERRACES .L.FexoutsdinAtin's artificial stDon, by AUSTIN and BM WY, Sos I o , Xppe.rw, NeWresud. 18.1. 'Cia work In truly of the samecontittio as Ortanr atne,andsOtr a winter's exposure, ls harlyditlgulhalefrre ha mtela; It hot boo Oxt%nd"el used QUJIT n BM Vm%-t.S AUt iy)MMEROLA&L LIVE ASSUPJAN-09CO-e!' rAN, r l Now Bddg,tret%, BlaxklU#S, L doneS for L N uilies , Lor4 an komnn ALIMD T. JAX, 3Y aar. lDLIEaRS' and MARIFE INBSURAQE COMYP N.-'To meet the wires ot Insusesa, thise Company are now prepared tb GRB! POL,;CIS against arIal dibleeitt aSing bose boi.o bw th payment of o sml adionjU abcwfdntal d:ee, with or w ua allowan let O , 42 and 4, Fultiry. 0HNCI OOBHAE, Begasa. ROCK LIFE ASSURANCE OFFIO5 16, New 29. NeUew Blkido-tre, ldoheIteakf13n.oc 187-oisenb nsee, thren ORDIaRY th e NR BOOBo TING wop ilt b beIldoxE torbevebj1s?tvenShares onl fonday the 14th lost, lentil Thursaa the 1ath Proxlmoi and that a Dividend of s. 6d. Pe share for the h f-ear, and a Bonus of s. per sare 1or the yepr ending the 28th of Augusth ut,will becPayableaon und ater Thurady, theandthogtoe bernet, betwdeen the boBseot 11 and . By order of the Board L__on t3 5JNO. GODDISD, AcGtuay. EUTL RiTISIE PROTECTOR LIEE ASSUACIE MO1PANY. 29. New Blldgeetre,t, llBakfriaxsl-Nocce In herebs given, that the ORDINARY G5SlERA1 If E T,IN3 will he held OR riUday, the U1th Dnst,ebtlro'1ook precisely. t tbe of cc o? the ComSocie rtyhe purpoe o receivingtheDtors' Report and Balance The followeng Diretoru, MeSr, btudaoan Spenosly, and tPag, re. tidare brotaton;beingeligible,trhey offer themselves for re-eletlon, and arereoemmeded oy he Boar By order of the Board London, Sept. 3,O1867. JOndo PRILtIPS. Secretay. ScEy _upwrds of£00t n nnrn _nnl, thewquitab sallt ScIet te whole OFthe rot are o tehet! lding,be effcted Ir a4nm not exceeg Ponle a mt h aur lie.Wco ibotJ ftie oaaitl e A Weeliy Court ot Directory da held every Wednesdao , trom 1 to I o'clock to recetve proJcoealal tor new Assurances. i shoo acount, ep.a natorY o theadvantages and s Tur aorded IJhaln f ? Yrbepho sdtI2n .Pt h st the ofEce, where s noc ARBTHUR MOROUR, Atuury. (1 RSUAM LIE ASSUReANC SOCIETY. Hex d offie.3e7, DOld JewrtYe andon. Instituted An D. 1888. Aens e and influential Persons wit ll be appointed asgets oxtlbera Monpans TthewMrehall teen s4a illiamt r eupadso Stnl ephex e Olding t, Req. ohe S inne, on ajDcto. iedthroug atd thdents Ofie sryosl day *ppotnted at 4;asurd 0on h terCpnin distrehts where thS vaety s not r sireppt upwa r of snted. D WlN JAMES F&ER, Actuary and Secretary. pROVIDE1NTCLERKS' MUTUA I E AS. CE ASSOCIATION: etabIshed 18t0. TRUJSTR Mtomas Barin, Req., M.P. I Wliam George Prewcott, Req. Thomson Hankey, bsq., M.P. I Baron L. N. de Rothohild m.P. All classes may insure In this Association. which is on the mutnal principle, and fiom lib steady ancd pwgreasive increase ofers perfect Policies effected in 18255 .. .. .. 424 for £18,350 18 .. . . 730, ,, 106,21 Ann. icome .. , 277000 The thitr dton of profits will takplaa sttbe end of the present year. WILLIAM THOMAS3 LINcORD, Bto. T4e Benevolent Fund. In roauexion with the above. olFers speclal advantages to clerka only assuring. John Abel Smith, Req., ALP., T'reasurer. 16, ronrgate.rreet, Septembzr 1, 1817. VOLONIAL LIFE ASSURCE COMAPAY incorporated by SPecia Act of Parliament. Mulbnrh. 5,Georgsstret; London. 815 Lgmbard-street, RO. Capital £1,406,100 sterling. BOARD of DIP.StORS In LONDOJN. J. H. Thomson, Neq., of J. B. Thomson and Oo., St. Peter's. hambeP An. ornolde, H.LIC.S., of M19essrs. Grindlay and Oo., Stephen Walrott. 1Bo,, 17, Lausdowne-crcent. ensington-park Oeoye Thomas Brooking, EJq., of Thomas H. Brooking and Co., 14, P. P. Blyth, Req., 23, VPp7erWlrnpole.etreet, Cavenr1lAssqnare Robert M'KrArOell, REq., 48. n0c nssterd aco The Ocenpany have AgencIes hn every Brittab colony, whete promimnni are recetvld. andct laimns settled. MIoderate rates of premiumas for reeldenoe abroad. The home premius are aim moderate. Ofricera in the Army and Navy ssured ou favourable term. Asmsunes effected aince establabhment of Company, in 184, £2.30owt0atcrlng. Annual inoome of the Company, about £86000 sterling. SAMUEL R. VEIRGU&01%. Resilent Secretary in London. TIFE ASSOCIATIO of SCOTTI D,f . ounaded I838.-Theapplications for lfe sauranoes reoeived during the year ending 6th of ApriL 1857,were 1,4% for£ Z368, of which the Dlreotots acrepted only l,15d for £5261,2186, yielding in premniums £12,880. Thin is a lzrger business than ta 't een teannsrted by any other a#seuanco offie in Great Britain, during the same period. The total lite assurances since the cosomsement of the Association amount toupwards of 10,lOor.4,319,78Q. The progressof the bolnasa is shown in the felowing table: Assurances since December, 1838, Ana noe op to these dates.Annual Ioome. 6th April, 1142 258 for £181,824 £4524 1845 8a0 322,249 10.492 ,1848 1.195 * 617.945 19.658 182 3.878 ,,1.71,18 45,910 1854 7 015 " 2.770.686 8673 1227 10.203 ,,4,319,760 124318 The proSitsass allocated every year among Doicy-holders of five years' astudina, and the share o0 each is handed to him in money a- the payment of his next Annual Premium. Aocordingly, for mnany yeiars p e hr otyholders have been required to pay only 13e per £1 of their premi ums. q t tyob1i e tkoir premiums.THOS. 'FRASER, R Beeec. London, 20. RCny Vliliamsteteet, city. IATESTFN LWI MASSURANCE SOCIE;TY, R3 t Prliament-et,London:InstiutedA.D.12. DXRECIORS. Henry Bdgeworth BlckneiL Esq., 28, Upper Redford.place, Rumell.sq. J es Chadwic q. Grosvenor-wharf, Millbauk Thorge Bume .t " -E lnn Ohwrlg.ersr e Geo . enn DS. V ewe , i. tberlnla-chabers. Londou-bdito V. R S. Vesey FitzGerld, Eq&P.. 17. Whitehall-place William Freeman, iytr, -street. Westamnster Francla Fuller, Eq. Abingdou-street, Westminater Joseph Eeury C . req Maner-houss, Urper Tooting, 8ncre ThomseGisisal .F,. orbusy-ark, Dorkngur Dinnusd Lucas, aq., MitUbank street, Westnte- Feederick Boyd Mazson, REq Brunswttk-plaoe. Regent's-Park nReon, REq 67, ton-equare, PimDeo Janiaes Lye Seater, Wbe.,"Mlibank.row. Westnminter John Barey Wthite, Req., MBiaek^~haath, K Rlent ns Joseph Carter Wood, Feq., Victoria-street, Westmntster Baener-Mers.r Cooks, Diddulph,i and Co.. Charlnwcya Sollclesa- ein Lethbesde antd Ma.cbrl, Ablurgdon-street, West inmartee. Aetnary-Axihur Scratobley, Eeq., MA,, F.RA.S. Every varie:y of policies granted on any number of Lives, and te Attention Is alsoinvited to the rates of r,nnulty anted to old lives. for which ample aecurty isprovided by the capisI of the Society. X-ample:-4l100cash paidOdownDpurchas-es Anannultyot£0 lO toarsalelfeaged tb 12 3 1 ,, 65 Payable u long ,, 1 16 3 ,, 70 ae ha i aive. 11 18 1110 with 75 Itns are granted in connexoo with lUe murance. ApplIcstions foracenole are Inviteod. Qulnquenlmal Inveatlgatlosi alter the 30th SeDptember ext.-The No- nees of al ?Jembers adtted pr to that date will be entitled to tc te in ane ncrease d Anuity scoommwendod br the (G I3 RAL ANNUIT!a ENDOWMENT ASSO. CIATIEON.F. Ltablled IM~ fcuuae unded capital . £ 284,0M38 I Axnuitlet paId last year 19,283 0 0 Annoltios paiddsIne 184 . 193;t1O0 a0 In thLins tritly Mdutual Amoclatloms pra'scim can bet made for a fmUy, or fortheasmnrer binselt, or herself, by the payment ot *smll Premium, aording to aetz,, T ommenrng at a .rr"um of £1 161, per annum for esach annuity. 93. hasplde. PHILP CURTB, Se Kety, T~~TM¶~~-'~~ RSVF and IN. OOMANY OBM N. 5 Whtehll,London, S.W. Metbihe 88. Further empowerd by speialAct tO Parliament, 14 Andt5I0 i., cap.l130. capitaalw0,000. The busunem o this Company conb in the prchaef or l IOa upon reveraonary Interests, veste or contingent, in landedt or funded property, or securitIes ; also life interests in preseWaln, as wellag In ax. poctation' and polices ot easurance npou lives Pr ase and forms of proposais may be obaned fm the Seoeira', to whom allcommmusotlons should be sddressed. W .L BARWICK HODGE, Actuy and Secretar. tnFFIC03RS RTURNING to INDIA can effect N'3 aesurances o terlvon nfvualtem,with the COI.O. NIAL LItE A SURPremiums can be paid to the Compays aei tClcta ars or Bombay, orea any other of their agenisIthEa. The Directors o adnee loas e good security for temporary periods. The Colonial have agenostsIneTersesBritish colony, where premiums are received and 0mug settled. London-i, oSAMUILIIR. FERGlUSSON, ResidentSecretary. Lodn8,Lomberd-etreet, E.O, Fdinbugh Georg -t Dublin-65, UpDer ackvllstreek GENTS WANTED o the Casualty Branch of A the NATIONAL ALLIANEASSUltAlO3o COMPAN-Y, in places where the offlice s not at present fficiently represented. A libe, ral commisson sllowed. The business oonsits in insurSng sums of moneympable in the event of death ocurzring from accidental cau either tding travel by sea or land, In any part of the world, or wbile followingthe ordinary occupations of life a' home:; together with a weelly owance in non-f&tal cases of swident. The Company also Insurea.ainSt oaldeatalbreckage of plate glass of all kinds. The annual seport, prospectun.es. forms, and every information will be forwarded on requeset. TaoMAS ALFRED POET, Manager. Offdces, S2, Old Je vry, L ondon, A NNUITIES GRATED on partiou'Sarly favour£. able terms, sad everY description of Life XAssurane buiness London. Pro8idoont, his RoyalHig5hXneDssthe Duke of CAMBRIDee R G. Zen SuJrmaS will h e supplied on application to John Pope |MONEY.-The REAL a:d PERSONAL AD- C OCOMI'ANY ILimted: Incorporae blby Act of Par' menie, from £10 Upwads upron freehold or leasehold property, depoeKe of0deeds, lesoes. &o.b3o Plsoftale, or approved personal securty. Apyat 40, Benothldna tad W.C Oficehor 2oF^l tIlC daily, e,nd on Thursday eavening, %frotm 8till s.C fdc or 2tl I_-ROBERBt rAA7RIS, Secretar. CAN% £om10 lOs, to £100, ADVANC( m tb 0n6t London, reaa ble wek or otherwlsa 2j Per eent.for 25 weeoks, And 5 Per cent. for S0 weeks. Forms, prices~d potg "tmp. t0 ha eand0esd.-METROPOLITAN O-e-te,Strand: SA&blls d 1I32 o021. houe fom10 o o'lok. OBR01IT NOR -TON, Se eretairy.- ENERAL APOTHECARIES' COMPANY (I- samlted), 49. Behers-greet, London, 4, Colqultt-atreet. Liverpool, end 24, Par.l12e street, Birminogham for the supply of pure and unadulterated medicnes. All the imDov;d pharmaeuticm l repr and new remediesato behadoefduniform sregthaand purIty. Peci, tions prepared, and medicilne cthests always ready. CIREAT CLARET SALE.-The folloE GXCLARETS are being brought forward by the Foreign Vina Aeociation (Limited], diet from the various growers, in a high state of perfection, ripe, and fit for imediate drinkring :-Haon t Bton, pure smooth, sound dinner Clae 2i. ; St. Julien, good body, natural colour, wed fine flatour Nas ' tRose St. Jollen good body, natural Itcolour, and boQuet., mst; A Boal famed for lie parity aind delcacy of Savour, 4 e. - Chatean Beane Canteno Margaux. first owth, superb, ets.; detto, of the celebrated 1148 vintage, tae.; Chateau ansau Margaur, perfect, vintSge 88 5I. For ameaale dozens, or ,rses oftre dozlens ton appral or return),apl, with cah or refefence, th tbe ManagUse T. W,STAPLE , e q..90SO, Regent street. n3ELMONTINE.-PRIOE's PATENT CANDLE - COMPANY ILimited) are naow manuuacturing candles from thlb eanuftln now material. These eandles 'sr isurpass the fiuestprmct Intransparency mnd be3uty, In stresoth of liht, and time ofbur,lg To be had retail of all respectabl dealers, man wholesale at Prtice's Patent Candle Company's Selmont. Vaurlsall, Loodon. U) ILWY btwen ZRAGZAand ALSASUA, JAr-otic ofContact.TheSpanah gverment Is peepared to eocair TEDERSfurtheCONSRUCIVEWORNS ot the above LIIE~ pecf atins,an al nensasyinfrmtioni relatie to which maye sen t te Sanih CnsuateGenrals.as under, between the HENDERON's TRIP to BERLIN and BACX.- Passengers for this splendid trip, which leaves en Tuesday mior a- Ingthe8thSepembr,must $et their tIcsets not later than Mlonday at Pm.. romMr. endrson, at Alfred Brett and COD.'s, I0, Xoaden- ~ ECUE IKVSTMENS.R,HORLEBY mndCo., 48,Thradeede-sret, woo sock sare admiIgsoe. .WEBMTEBN AUSTRALIAN BAHR Perth C We}R.AnshIll.-Sk JOHN Wietll iaBOCk S. ANK of DEP8T3 Paul-man e Lodos W Mlth.dA-. Ult ;1;fnDclt fC E LE'rig o ofs CeDit e an thplicatione TEl MORIISO Managin Diector. If B CITYo BANK, Thrbedneedse-street, London, _ "an Ow allowing, for money lod or de t i omt annum, hke set belod I ettesato evedit anjd arcoas nota s, ayble st the chief towns and cities of the world, e A. T. WHaR Mangier. rfuE COMMERCIAL BAN of LONDON iasus« chaofre, CiOnLar ot aed ttam of Credit, payable at the cef cities and towns on the otinent and elwhere. Inter is nov allowed at 4 per oent., being I p cent, below the minimtm rate discout of 2 Bank of En gland, onu mms of moneped on dPodt.abect to a few dW no _thbi,an.dHantestreci Covent-garden. J)EPOSiT A Leiefter-aquar, London: Cel- £5Q A upwasdsbbear interest at to pa can. De anum wihdrwabe i smi eds, £100 on demand, aceounts mayberodeedat ehas, and wltUstreqnbf LW. STALE, xanasM. A eUbTrAITA JOINT-STOCK BAK, Sydn 'E Wel Maitland, and Armldsle.-Ml~ TEES o1RBOIT5n4DRAy'j.are RANTErDupontheseplacs, Isee of charge, by Meams HEYWOODS, KENNARD5 and Co No. 4, Lombard-street, the ageit, of the rank. They so un dert: to OeTtield ppiroved hill at the current rales. dOrd of the Ocurt OS Dimeo Augrlan Joitstock Bank, Eyney.E_iDARD WYRlENCI Mainager. FKof-I C, aj&~X6elloiarne Autr30 days eigt h l ovrreSDoDdenB - Loth-cbmyGbn EATTERS_CC __D J. W.][1II-1 o BT. G%t'a.al dn"e ra tBK 1uuh kof S TctoriaRelLorne, Port and upon te bes o that Bank at Ito hno, Ineechwortb, MAy brugh, Pot Albert, Belt ba *braludhurct1 CasleUaane RS&a lan, amn Warrnaenbo& There letter of crdit a bill ofe a- be obined throgh the NAtioa proTinciWa Bank at Boongusamt MOucheseb. and Bristol and all other banks with which the Iondon and Westmrinslte Bant Ls in sorrebnondene. J. W. GILBART. Goneral V3jnager. 0ENER.AL BN fSIZRAD0D X rl internatIornal MoiSter et ponin.TeA l ihAeB S e fUthrOlk6h t° si ndtWh seetngmutt depoD> thdr GeneALed MEETIN oef hreholer will o78peberhl nMody h Ith of Septe mber, 1 e57, at , 8o'clock Insthe afteGrand, fore the 2H od Of Genvat (le Aenuy,2, Royal r xth. e-bildng, befor the 2d To be pesen at -h de 3eetng ltbIq,n benker, before the 2d ot 4of eptember. By order. P. FR7IR:El.GAH anagar. shreIvE to HOnevoe,S o wooe, andonpet Ondte shaereoler scannot rpeetmethn1os,bitfor Saym.m 1hchdr who wODishue tor ated teeeing must deposit theDir ahoeree at the foloing pFnces vl -nUwilDw9 et ntedls STATE of NeDeANf, be(rch fall du Pariestr a Th No. 2, W -street N Gra r o f Offdo-e t the Comeny2lo,n Raltkng cngbOnT, befoe th lbdtaospoll! lndlaz6Juno 30tb,287 ONDON Septemb 5s £36 ah Mesrgs.3.Can S. Stm,o, 1altC,bf 07 t Lao, in Semb om By to Z,0A for dhort or . ong periodL Bak forStoriu g,S of NDIerAtFIVEt per Agency-blirebolders are pormitted to ma^ke their bSIs Dayable at boerofte Soffloin lebout Indianae, wni tye pcebt generall are Or ~ 0DUr..D, wJ OY Mang,i Jiftctr.do dtUILDINGtSOCIETY SHARouSo-Th e Bafest and Tmost vrofDable B(wILDclNG dueIETY SH notSec tee kingi dmalle4Otho0whh gmaybe rsned at the securit of S eserv. Windlow, 47 and 48. King WU'diam .street, Le odobrk,peo-brt the 1s, Gay 2s. 6dO ctbecritio8 . , on firt day of each month. Term 1 Onc a ohaf Athmount, mlonrbesids proSntn estimated at Psi oen, N E;KTtLUlA S L&NI BWOLOSUBLS COM- ndPaYn-Ordianay Junre.-otce 18s hereby57.s. tbat tbe ofnpt, on m ofta £28etbeo of0 thoe Chormpanori bakeri . Meors Basnekof Oupe.e5, Niebolm Ieno reem tde otanpaer banke. n Londof. whose recelpt for i ptalmerts mucent.swwd be preeuted, °hthe Cmane's at thdeoffie ot atre Comand, t ordeu that tle amoune of tere MUni may be etdrsedb areranement,whrrsdn nLno or ordcr ofthr bo 8rd, OB O. M ASSng 8eoN. N.1B. Sharahoders ayOnCIUE tYe bole £5 rems.-Teg unealesd on emb mhsroe amoaoweed aUILDNt SofIEoot tRet. on nch th of i5 4A2, l KoorgatingWlat, L eondon, AugL r E 3,e1857e THE ~DIRE-CTORS of the LOWYDW ~WIX3 ~COM: PAn Y (dhli,A td) h£ve decided upof destiatehidn a gentlemao, of very sreterveienoe to the rlney rds of Champagne, Burgundy, &ad more. D ict Seeretre Wante d.m o e ; Tpe paciteb oan be marked it thie nCmpany,d pare o the t11 of Sneptebrt t, atdelerathera ofinte ofCoanezts fban lke. to M pe,r dozest on the prio. 3a ichlas aned as retaU merchayts tbhn oUowing Lonedo, whose rekeip frea instaln stM afturwards be pndresente wuih sares, atd the officesofthe Com , iwts ceditat thenamouth of theo rail maybe endoreet tht aeer.s Iroru ]et0Ot63rDerez6pttons mublo. to 72sj According t I y ordder ofbthetlotrdm the thetOnd Scc. =..terreholdersy the whole £5brmainin unallers, th beshre are 1nuowed a discouNt Of 10 pe cent, ondr ucLthisuCmao£ 2an, Mooratostreet Londonc,er.o August 3,1n57. eygetepreCe, to 4A X th vnyad if thapge, Buargnyad thror ea Indis, fOr a the p oelecti re olutions aropoeod Thwt the terms whthch have nonw beeu grsrted by tde EasetIdt dom. The packaescharehomarenththonae antde adfOesofthe }psr. chasertan erwlrded, i direc tetfrmy d the'tae o goth. The thareciorf th willundertakret duelie Toa taering f tlan forom1 thehglaoumllser term nwhieh tphery havll oched handf retaiemerct,o the exlsting wines, . yi,sprlng arningand stil thmant sd _and whit Buargunldyed an wAieoermoaer iae of the diappropnttegrowths, fApUlreoSa ar, aondon, Chablis. Theict h;elWe received t Thifomaonn resPengto the coming vin:tager ine r. and theud hav efved br a toholletrst thatbheys,w heable Wtfflyer, Ceampane at ton 1for th emdton of 10a, per dorm. By o order JOf tHe DArEtorat Manaery QJIIRE OL INADSTEAM CO~MPANY~ th nepeunderom subenation fo h En.-tIni on (cmiter 19, ta numerINof tn h Shnarldrs ofathis Omnspony,he at thLndon Tare, vern on the 24th part'.ur.in theTon Ohallma oubetber o mnTesday tRobert d mitemer Wsc Johu a BePENALL, HRNR, . P.nthIe n thels Ba TheReor of the Diretorshvn en aUdopi antd YOthe lete by a shareholder,wauiOs un uanimously carried:- ThatH the termswIchhalve now begt Mabc y eth es pany an whch aeeuivlen thea exaranateensoflpe hent deupatonth capiheOretal emlyd r ighly1 saiftory,and esethat theibes thoanks,o the nharehldrsaredung the Diin,rvrectosafo the hgl favourable tragatdb therm whichn ii theyhvoband and of reisMerving fort tuhe exipstin sharhols a p, roruton n of trind taat the unaeprpaedares . AWT'llawelsf ter unaopthe shaore (1)ibooerecivdi tiot the ol h l o eptetlmen berext.had mustho )ammit- (with POaer toadd toeir 3tzmber tol, adtffs inftbormatiotntd repetivag tuertlsgtek rci nof terbant aes Oessrs. o.Wblamd, Duacona and Georte Depostbester of 1aC. pershroen. J'. Aspinall Tamer, Z B ordPernder, o Ch. itrmsnot,JO rtn mthe Seceary AnciarltionhrRto.S xies aonv on, and C.,Yodn chanets and nmanuatues held in mthe Mayor's par'ouinthe Tomibal, Manhser oUnTu esday theS. 1ste dof dSe Clttnbr Son5ce John d ChPeNALL. TRNR,M..P.,ih hai The ofolthweg resoltion woe nainosl dot Movd byOds Whitaer BeL n . Ashionnerlyne secnde by. Taolmm Rott, Bothm dancde Ser- frmth renta Inand tehaml Compan resectin thi pooc The Governet Iti the Opinion o,etf thiMeXetingtheal8t suc proposal onfewhch tewegrpll dorersngleBt the tarpe to thsco munia tyteerse - ~ ~ ~ ~ 1 Melr.Rq. f ewod the enterprie lute promp operation: chester of the Chambcr~of of toherlin 3. Apinll Trne EsqM.P Jtohn Fendr,s. Chaiman JofEth Cnnmsrciai RoEsq. Smith f(Wt John CheetACDONALD.,ma -TEhEomas FDerbtyrnChsq.ai Jman Allf the Cotton in DuplytArso-fdmn tshwoerth,l aq.Orena Steami WaiIto opn Th S omas. Bonq aiOl Baroes,_Faq. Thanlt Ofice, ,Cral'onrbes.Fre% andhester Li to be paidnonCo.,llcondon, uAeaDriaeto and Co.ondnaputa 10,000per anum to recguarate by the lion. ihe E Idas Copn- Camc Allan Ieq., 01anaging& Directr ofthe hennsula and Oina SteamNSa3avigationCompnyOmpn . . rbuthue Rwot,Fq (ess.WiAerbatbwoot, LStns, and Co.,1Lnd Sir S OCorngetonhamib Br., Mea KC.B aye.ndSihs ,m Jord,Bowman, London)r.7obs Fres nd0. A. AACraWilond, lfeq., F.LP.S. Claire of theu East IndviaHllo ComanykMetesl.Gm ns Crafod.Coins and C. Meondon h,Pane Australia)td mihs Thoa.Det, Rfeq. Mose,L PalmW.Fer,Mckill,dnt and Coma., Wilim Oen,keqlMeate ircottor thoen, the EsootIda Cmpn Gorgme Deablrelthe*.s e MnBes,tertwenhO zad dn est tW G tlagdpicn, r cmuiRcra.thomon, thonar aih ndia0,, Lhodoarlis OIVlo eriod. Thisoi-ject may be completed Insa few months, arimultaneously with the Mediterranean teleeaPh to Alextandria. By thbs menus communucation with all India Wi ho brought within one wsel, and by the extcenson to Kurrachee, wbich will immediately fOollo, hourly communication wil ho established. The political value of ts undertakg at the present juceture Is too panurtn,ly established by recent eccurrences in India to require com- ment, while I social and commercial importace is scarcely less The Hon. the East India Company participate sr fully In these viem tl t they haee consented to guarantee a minimum annual revenue of 0000 on the first section to Aden, from the date of the fdmt mes&age received, acoompanie by asuranoes of erery nwcerary aeistancoe and upport. This arrgement only await the aonfirmation of Her Majetty' Goverament, without which the Company wilt not proceed. As a oommercil Investment, the returns, which have hbon carefully prepared, and which may be inspeted at the office, show a profit far exceeding any ordinay retrans from imilar enterprise Ths sbtement wil bo appreisted by thos conmected with the trado of India, to whoca It il be evident that all orders for produoe. Insurance, shipmonts, anirra's, departures, aocidents, change of desination of v , an, would be the subjectof telegraphic oommunicstion. It is poopled, no mon ea the capital is subscribed, to purchase the Atianiso cable, or provide a new cable, whicherer may be decided to be best for the obJect In view. The cable wiU be lid In scions of from 00 to 600D iles, and arrangements have been made with responsible oontractor to undertake the risk of laying it. The Company hAve secured the neceoery conoswons from the Turkish nd Eyptisn Goernments, The urgenr of the undertaking I unlvsrsaly admitted. Theremuneraie results arelaced beyondall doubt. erfect ImmuniW from l riek Is secured by the Limited Liabity Act, a1nd by the gaantees of the Government, the Rant India Company, and the contractors. As a great and important natltooi quetiton, It is only neeary to urge upon all who feel any Interest In scuring Imnediatetelegraphic commonirstion with India to gIve their earnest and cordial sauport to0 an enterprise which is brought before the puble with this ole ob- Applisans for shares mav- be sent to the brokers, Mesag Scott, Oorthorn, and Scotts, 16, Throgm^ortonstireet, or to the Cmamnys" fce, l,o. S, Moorgtesreet, but no applcistien wil h be usidereS uearla deposit ot £1 on each sare applied for is previoadlyrmde othe bankbers nof tnhe0 Com:pany. The depot wilbe retuned If rr0o TRAVELERS to the UNITED STATES La=TES.S of CREDIT Circular Notes, Bakes AStlED by B. K. WiW e,EO DBrts of REurpa kern ChlEsam, Ilnois. United ,it.trst T A andprncpa PART ofa ACIEorpnig motioof bedlO fee,ltlet It mightbeet~s, or slate, or to squareu ibr Apply w Mees ersnadSu (OOKTALCT for MUSTARD) R'ERD. DZPARTMEN1T of tbe COKE'TRoLLER for VIC rUALLING sod TRANSPORT SEItVIOIF Somerseotmhouso, 21th Atugut, 18597. rTfHE Cominisaouers for executing the Office of Lord -L Hi#AA%IWOthe UnIWite gdom ofGroat Brtain a3d IreI laI d ~yg~ Oio hto.Tusa tbre 171;hSeptember next, at half-Peat-Wc O'oakAh.wdbe ready to l,-eat with such pessos; at mnay be wiling to OOT ioSUPPLYING and DEL VEgiIN4' into Her MaJest's VleningWW4Io,sat Depttord MUSTARI)SNKED. Brown Is qwrcew, wtle ltd quartens half ot each to be deliversd InS3weeks a nd heeAis indl3 weeks ferwards, oreselierIftpeeJeared by ah Party tendwring. Tendeirs MaY be rAMe for theo whole or any portlon of the seed. Their Lordships Resere to themselves the power, weben the tenders MO0 Opened, Of owntracLing olihey for thre whole or for such part thereof only as they masy dcem litt, or for a greater q uantity, or of not oontract. Pnlesetaeoadunilmed powesofse&cl muton, bepouo The samples liroduo by pereoos whose tenders are not accpted are requested to be taken away by them immediately alter the oomtract has been decided. No tender wMlbe received unleas made on the Printed form provied for the purpose, and which may be obtained on application at thle sad office, or to Commauder Rails, conducting tbe packet service at lAverpool, or to the Olilstotr of Onstomm at Briatol. The conditions of ite reviwed contract, to which particular anftetlon Is called may be were at the said office, and at Liverpool nod Bristol. No teonae wilI be resolved after balfi;~t-e I o'cl ck on tte day of treaty; and it wil not berequired that the party tendering, or an agent on his behalf, should attend at the office, an the day of contrat. a, the result of the offer received from. eacti Dermon will be communloatol to himQ and his propoaesoedtlesIn writing. Every tender muet be address-d to the SecretarY of the Admiraltr, and bear inx the left-hacd corner the words " Tender for Mustard Seed," and musxt alar be delivered aLt Sommset-houes. CONTR&TfrWNt DEPARTMENT Of the OX OI.EI for VF'-TU&LLUqG sod TRANSPORT URYI ,Somerset Houre, 26th AuRust 1827. H1XE Conmunitonersfo Executing the Office of lord High Admairal of the United Kingdom of Great Britsla and Ireland do hereby give unotue, that ou Thursday, the loth September nerkt at half-past I o'cloor, they i, -h1 e ready to trealt with such persons as usA7 he willng to CONTRACT for SU-ppLyING and DKLEVEBING into Her M.IAsicty' VIchtuAllng Storegsat Deptford, I 0t0.lolosWINE (PORT). to be delivereds in tucree fk or earler, it retrre by . th .y tendering. Tenders may be mad, for the whole or an p"rtonuof the wine. Their Lord shlps reserv to themselves the power, when the ten la" aLre opened, of contrating titherfor tho whole or for such parc ttereof onlyase threy mar deem At. or for a greater quwtlir, or of naot contract. lugfo ay,andalo n nlmitd owr f election. d ue thene winet bicvv a hd othe epempted foorheCsmm'dis anoTd uel tflendrn o .r tetomatedwere tals lynucing. tovce evc tLvr Sap les of the wineW on Oaintsfont each cak,mut e rocd *The sampleios roduce red b oeontmhoet tendhe pzcauseno acceptedoar requalted.t etknaa byte m itej aLtvecrheoolsndtracto beendecied. na h ad fc,sd0 No tender wil be reelved aftere madeps )c, on the rnedayorm provide beaf,r sho uld~ attnd athich may be obtine da onfaentract,o at the rsalk office, offr t eo C vaeadefro eaclh codnete the racktnserieatedLiverTndhes cmonedios ofthesI wreis gotet owhc atcla tet Noer tender wil t be rci adftAer hl-ato th o0elnc on theda of dtrelty, and ba Itnil nthbe requird thate the partyd "Tenderng for ainaent onho must asho be delivered at Somescet-honae. CONTRACT lot -RUM. DEPARTMENT of the COkPTROLLZR for VICTUALLING and TR.ANSPORT SERVIC, Semeeset-house, Aug. 26. TIpHE Commissioners for Execuiting the Offloe of .3. Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Brcitain and Ireland do hereby give notIce, that on Thursdsy, the 10th ot September next, at half-pasBt I o'clock,. theg~ willbe ready totreatwithmuch e Reonasm : b wiling to CONLt R.&CT for SUPkLYING and nto Hez Majesty'a Vicinalling Stores at Deptfordi, 6Ott0 galons of RUM. (si under 40 per cent. over Droofi. to be delivered In three weeks, or eadlier If preferred by the party tendering. Tender=abe made, for tho whole or any portion of the rum. TheirLodh pe reserve to themselves the pewer. when the tendersi are opended, of contcacting either for the while or for such p3ac thereof only as they may deem dat, or fora greater quar.tity, or of not contracting for any, sod also an unlimited po err of celedlion. The rum to be exempted from the Customs' duties and parties tendering are to state where it Is lying. Siamples of the rum to be Eest in pinta for each import mark, and the verae stengh ofeachmarkex-to be stated, and not am averge trenth f te sapletendredand accepnted ilb seDtec ted by the nOicers.~afertheootr Notender will be received unlec made on the printe form provide forthe urpoe, ad wich ay b obtinedon pplication at the aid ffie, o toCommnderBevr, cndutingthepi.ck,t eer'-1ce tratyad itwill notberqiethtteptyenrngoaaet onhsbehaft should atedathofieethdaofcnrc,ste reult of the offerreeedfo ebprowilecmunatdo EveyTene otb drse oteSceay the Admiraty, adbaintelfhand sonrth od, Tne for Rum," and Minse alob eiee tBm et-honse. CONTR&CT for WHEAT and SPLIT PEAS.~ DEPARTMENT of the COMPTROLLER for VICTL;ALLIlrG and TRANSORT ERVIES, omerst-hose, ugus26, 1857 .Lo dRtghOrdmi "ofrthe Plymith. K ingomof reat Bintaine heW et thl-pr 'lc,heeytil beredy o rea wthrsuc splmuth,OW the0nermntme ARICEd it c e.er: b t henprt toeuderivered A rprinlDartrd Gsofthe Plymouth.l oaf of eat h w inb thiire Ted rs a b,md forstherwhole ets, an d otlo the sit-c Whoeanotudr oat be 1d0fo0 e. port,aindr Ino a threeo Split LPeab.. 100 r20t 1he 50vo t eawrliwernI preftnerrdb 1.te Party tbndering A popotioal ar oftheprie pr ushl o what oil be ai for Tenders mat, be made fordtheewholeeortaey por bu eprt tender s must be role fa made fon eahe pr, nde norm proide fo he paidptoany oer nohiso made.otindo liauattesi Thneir Berdip, reserveton themsuelvsth powier,t whvenporthe thend are openedion of cotheratingeiotherfrthet whil rfrsch piart athereiof onl casltey may dee dwu at the r s ai greoatter qicuaintiy oardofnt contracting flyoruan,an siuo an uLimiedrpower ond selectio N. wUb Sapeseiv f ther whi eart an p'l ens toe ledtan tof quarts,n of eac for b reachport) mut b rouedb the partiysttedermto naoto ing. al,shW athen samples poduce bypedayons whoreta thendr areaW nofthaeptfed e areirequestedtobDetaoen awill by themmuimte-datehim afte thes 3on-se tacmthas ben decided. le mtender-rault beareceieduntemaeon the peretary oforhAmiprovided for bheaprposte, anfbd whicmayr be vobtinds on appem atin attho si soffice, atth beVdtualingeYreds at S om eptortuds lmot,ertoCm manerBe is sicoducigter packe exevieu atheLiferool or torth Collectogo Custmsra oftt d o rat Britatol.n Isecanld,y be sereb6 n ati the aIdonli.Th t heVctualin Yard actober receive ate half-peat 1 o'clock o they day oe treatyndd willuc notbe attend matythe officong the dOTAyCo conrat Gth sulto dh offier r- cngivt ed ro eachjersonwcuil b cmmuictred ato i n i paropoe srties in wwriaqgting. f ATMMT outy and barl In the cet~are of ne the wesntMsnds "Teder f rok CetoNrd.. CTS 0 fo3AL EE5ndSL FOR 0. Somerset-house,60 Auut1,11?. , 0 TPymE t Co Lis oer fo xctngteOlc of Lord0 TbIrelan ds do h rebyts oie,v tha onoTh rsday, n the i thoOcberd nrext atpaen pe t of o'clack,n ethewilbreryt tratrwith suher tonly ashe maybewillingtoCNrA for r S oPLIN andt Delitracing ino Hr au Madaleste's VtuatingSoe tteudemnindps tefollpowing qan tivertiesdof msAt wheAT the coeoant couintendd,t anTllo he curean pofk the presn season,e vintz, ep trsmfl los,vi.--oo-hid f acNqantiy fBeef. h Nav y th ork,da o Japnuary 1 , an therthrdte.Barels,b th e ret ayo e. bmarrel, Oceport -- 1,000 2,000 ,, .. Sf00 r2,U0 Plymouth 1,000 1,100 .. . 1,20 by1tho TheirLordops rserveto thmselvs nthe cwer,we thet tendersf ~~~~~~~~~~~onlyastemademltorfragetrqatt,r ofl not conquactug fr an, an ab an nlimtedpowe of eletion. ird!om.o A seprato ie tender meet begbtiven, for the beo ndiatouarof thender I or~~~ evey tendr mustspecif wherethema ist Lintehedt Person tendring or mer thanonep r t rous 00tgive eprate ten'0 dotnerf r weach p r ft. v ftrbl-m 'lc ntedyo theay beef and noricto bne mdeliee int the prespetiv storerprvase follows pupse ;-bu-thd of each quatity fesay eIacth pe bAry thendth day of Jangutaryp11; aoither tyhird thereof byena thea1uth dayaf thebreuary,f 1828 an ter remainedefro thpereofbyl the1t drofmApril,te 1to8 orm and part tedrig ad toe be pridtoiyn ilg.ybeinerndasfo and alterf th srespetiv dater th efo pr oivrdI ereof.es Paortes wlteunderi og areteired toa take speittuha sul noticefth atteaus of Everythnerss,t cordanco wit teadeaa he Seoudtlaryof theArev ired frmyo an foarm n the letehndecrnmyer obtiedfn the conditionhwors of Thendre-r vise10lvad cotacs towihparoltrcular alttentiongis cled mutaysobe seena ioethe Coletor B om r 51t-h Maest. utm 1BitlLmrc fact. Watrford, l Awr rTo h ertr toDthe i~'Steateb -enr, 18 ral t ihn; C ourt tofth Commadero ndctn th PaceSavic atLiverool hereygv tothRsidenthAget lhe Tranoports atmLitth Ntedrwillberayonr beformilec a lossay taantitythn 10Iereeie or 10 No tender will bemprnceivdaterhalf-eat1 'cblock onP -Th dayDOf 'rTrat, noran noticdauye, made ons the prnitntedf t-er prvdd fcnrc. thy e bauopneu ipLctwill n t tbe necretry tha ficth weprty thenderin,or ir grtapbeir.tedby him,ehol atendr at lloki thessf,a theranio toth V 6t1he e rieda ofro S e achber p7ferson brn tDe will be omncae eo.i n SRTIores w i:B,dniloesa oprisupon ronaittibete~r, al ere%tidcaid oa vered at Somerset-hours.hour 1 AST LONDON UNION.-Contracts for Pro- E V Dons.-Notice s itereby given, that tbe Geard,ang will meot at theirBoard Room, Devonshire-bquare, oXWednedAe 8SeDtember 16 at altr-pastS'clock In the afternoon precisely tO OPN rTENDIlllS from BAKE}RS,butchers. seesementers, groesr. meAtmen, brewers. milk6men, and potato salesmen, for sutpplin tho VUniou for three months, f rom the 26th dry of September Inlst. Tevders will be received onDy on the printed formn, which con be had at the Unrion-office, Devonshice-square, on and aflter Thursday, September l1O. Sept. 2. A. J. BlAYLIY, Clerk tO the Board of Guardilans. T. LUKE, CIELSEA.-Contractsfor Supplping the k P oo0.-Notioe Is bereby given, tbat the Guardians of the Poor of the above par5eh will, at their Meetig to be held on Wednesday, the 16th day o September lnstar.t, atthe Board Soom, Choles Workboui-_ at 10 o'clock In the forenoon, receire PROPOSALS for SUPPLYING the Poor at the Workhouse, Chbeea, from the %qth day ot September Instant, to the 23d day of March next, both days Inclusive, with the following ARTICLES, viz :-Good ox beef, and good wether mnutton. tho best housebold broad ano Sluer, good salt hotter, good Derby or Gloceter cheewo. grocoery, unadulterated tnlik, the beet champion or othet good potatoes, the boet Scotch oatmreal. the beet split poD, ar. ticlesrsuppPled by onimer, the best store cardies linen snd woollen drapery, hosiery, and haberdasbery, men's clothew, 6ts, shoes, leather and grindery, etationery. printirg, plumbing and glazing, and inch elm oofllns. The articles required are to be delivered free of any expense attending tbe delirery of the same. The controtors wltl be roqquired to enter into written contracts and bondy, with two surtioes for the due performanoo thereof. The contract3 wiU bo liable to healtered or dtermined by any order of the Poor law Board wrhich may comeInto effect durt the period that such ceotrats would otithwrwe remain in force. All tenders moat be3 gigned and reeled ad none Wil be received unles given accornding to forms which mayobeobtainted at the Clerk's office, Chelese Workhoupe, Arthur-street. after Wedeteray et Id onn ad evey tender must be as far as pnble soemapafoswith specmens or amples of the articles proposed to be rupplied. Parties making propotals are expected tDeeonally) to attend t he Meetng Of the Board. atIo'clccg in the afternoon. As far an c8iJtnPL oanr WMI admit, all bhiis ill be examined and paid within a mnonth after tho quarter. It iso ompetentf o anyperon totender feanYartclseparately, and those persons whose tenders are accepted, Wi be requited to name their sim ettes at the "ame time, ~~~~~~ lwotnt.-H. anyquatites,for6, r I moths ccmo t advtageus terms. A B,0., mU meet ittin immediate t4OnrlIoo City ta and WATIMPROOF PILLOWS and A WA.XEg.pROOV xHzx=N -Gputim willg to gUIpLy ahvbove AItTICLSS teSt. uoWZrgS~aoslta are reuested to TEtidDEE for the ess hnesftepos etb ian n h w eora seat Wo the Sssatsy boegte tii lbfe kptberIngtaent Bn, Ordev., JOesapH GU1NIIG, Sao, ~ T.IIU X, M4d1eeL.~Te4er fo Broken GrmAite. -The Gnuadian of tIns Door of te said puts,h~hgupad §00 tamn f1lROKXN GRAN=Y rA MANt ame desIrous ~ot receiying TKIRMES for the Szhs hro,o n g.W4 terf. ead m apt h. e ast o -the Board0.srmof _the 0workFous, Oty-o~Aonor before thre I8th Gay of 8eptmbw Insbn,L %4dresad to th garis adc Undorted " Tender for Pu0reha of Broken Grards. 3H p PAUSOI! fferk to the QusidhL,4 Boerd Room Workhoose, Oitir-road. Ohi 4Wie ember, 157. for the 8UPPLi of town-mead betA N(o. I YLOUE, for the use of "h 'Uznio for thre half-gowearading Laftdyay. IBM Prom 20 to 30 backs will be reurdwel.Yl stels,with a printed form of tModer aVnnfrof contact my h btained at the if cibor UVoles Workhouse. Little ra'in se,any day (2Ounday exc=e), between S and 5 o'clock. Tenders must be deLivered at the Workbouse betore 12 o'clock at noolio the 16th day tSptermber ioxt. and all tendens not o 4'dyrpd be ejeted.- Dtedtbl Sddsyof leptember, 1$57. 1U.NTRCAUTS, at Luke's, lMddlesex.-The Guar. to receive TENDERS and to OONTRACT for the SUPPLY of the following ARTICLES, fromt the 29th lust, to the 25th day of March next, Iris, meat and east, good strong oongou tea raw u without foots, butter and chees, malt, oatme,J, best split peaS, ml, potatoes soa cadle, olme ageodja, n leather: also for Printin for 12 mon&bs,from the b LB =~nx Intendingt~ m)iake 4ropoesls Whe" dudd alpartioulaes as to the quality of all tbe artlcios and the tormes of p%Iment, No otber form of tender will be received. JOHN PA&R80N, Clerk to the Guardians. Board mroo, Workhouse, City-rued, Sept. 4,12857, CONTRACT for roOUr-sw medetsexa tea, t6oelek ,r.,to reolyeoTENDER aud ON1tC o h SUPPY o(W (T forthe use of the poor of ti aihfrtreo iix onts flloingthe 29th lest, codn oteGadas ~Aie. Te qsliytebe household, k~~ n ,i ~z otos raymntwilbe ademonthly. The weekly quatt ilbaoe ISBacks. By~~orde'r B0~~~Vd-rioiiq 1RSOW Clrk to the Guardians O'lok n heevnig orosveTEDES orSUPPLYIcG tbeMile-- end oesowe romtheSethdayof Sptebernext to the 19th day of reebe folowng(boh dysIncusie)with the following A.RTI- los~~ndgrrc x J zaseticosmplnfrthe etr G Bread,. chee.ict.A sga,iew 1eoc maly o BT. PANmeAt, Mid I stone T I potato eg, 100 hewDir;spltores o, te10 wo Pnthd formgh of lendrn mayhe Bobtind Roon,a the Wrsknol a,pintiongat ite Pandr-, roa,co Tmus edayvsrhe tod mey oeforeptme tba 2 o'clock nthdaofmeingth afknon. ndreo B. T. SOt orde OOTATfr eSPL ofPTownTOus for the ueotepora EIn thev torba fr36 ,o 12)AIbsiat&c oi o of fthe DXNRwAors Mleidular a esex,oa akPformtofDeadcrs h (on w tich onl rothe Poor o this gperis will b meet edn th We ad ROo pm, oat thWo rhoue in u ing'sroandth teurre. afternon and ren ceoide TNDderSadCNR T for the S&IyofPttos'Lut beLY liveredntherea thefr2 o'tionck Isthe Dtirectorsnatrlr mh ay be knoetng adfoerms chou edr owhconyposasfrteuplwilb aotr whil hore o propsal ill b recIeive, ad the persona tender- Ing oaceOneltjrl orhal mees be fn atten,d-zoo M snob Meeting. Paymesntwill be made monithly, and security will be required for the due Performance of the coattact.-Datedi this 4th day of September, 1857. By order of the Directors, Veshty Offices, Pancras-road. 0CHAS. IIIBHAItD, Clerk. II~~~~2 ~ ~ ~ metathe woekheuse, In little rar's*-irmlane on ednedey,the18th day ofSetm r inet., at 7 O'clock p mn., to eceve EWDItSforthe SUPPLY of M.EA.T. totAtore, groceryr buttr. heee, boon ers,otmeal, Sootch and pearlibarley, propZar lenils an spltpea,mlk~til w eadlary.aud noimen's good tlimber, isaihr, pintin, a oke, linen and wsoUesu dranery. and shnee, forth ue f te nin,for the half-year ening LahW, I, lull~rtcuire.wita ~tedform of tender and form of oontract, onapiaInat the 11oihore Union Workho-mo, any day,Sunay xceped,beteen9 end 5 o'clock. Sealed tendcer marked at te bck ith he ameof the article tenidered, must he delivered at th w oruaoe before 12 o'clock at moon. on the 16th day of September Iest, and all tenders not so ma.rked and deitvreyd will be rejected.-Dated this 3d dAY of September. 1857. RDWA.RI WALLWYN JAMS. Clerk to the Guardians. LJ0 that at the weel etn fteGadaso hsUin ob beld on Frids. h 8hdyo etme Isat h ue ilen six months for BR rr~~CNlAC o h eun oilman's goods.becu,enhs o,ca,hvn,aeadorr,lo and spirits. cluthing.bteydrpr.t, nnr,oosadhe, beot and shoe mnigcure'god,offina.Smlso hee moneery. grocey bo s,rue,al,prte,wne,eil~ ltig beatery, drapery Iont,hos ios n currier's anoewl be required. Printed forso edr ul pcfgtsatce ob contracted for, and th aodiin under whichtnesaet e made, maybe obtaine on application to the Masem tewrhue at Leek's-bottom, Fbasorhoough, and mnust be frwde tomofi, at thaUnion.houso Omccof expoense, naot laer thaThrdyte1t instant, No written or oIlier form of teuder willhentraedad the Board reserve to themsetres the eight of rejetn thlweto any tender. Contrasts to commence on the 85thinttadtoernate on the 26th ds.y of March uext. ConD ato,fo redroeat, milk, grocery, coat and clothing,must b rprdt ue into a bend, with one sufficient suretyfo the due performace of their eoDntracts, Paymenits for tbread,meast. milk, and grocery wil be paid monthly, and for the other arLtlelo quarterly. fly order of the Board, RIOll/LRD J. D hfiNEN, Clerk to the Bosrd of Guardians. Bromley,tent. 4. 1857, FVHIGOF,UNION.--&hoo1ZTer Wantod.-Tho JLGuardianso the absove Union wil,At their Mteeting on Fcidiay, the 11th day of September next, proceed to the B EArIO N of a SCHOOLMASTER for the Worghouse of the eald tlolo, subjet to the aopmral of the Poor raw Bo ,rd. Candidates are recquested to forward writtengaplieatIons, statingt ago and premiou, oocoupation, enclolagteslinnlar (riluael s t chracerand quslifications, addrewd tome, t myadis, a Sus-,5t Edmnd', en or before the 9thL dayof eptmbe net: nd ustpesonaly ttend at the sad Workhoue,at 2 'cock o te dy f lecio. alary £28 per annum, wit beantandapeimeto n te Wskbnee stbject to such incrmeas as my h anbojunllyawade~ r te Cosmiereof C'ouncil on Eduction Th peoon lectd wll h reuire toouter upon thuD JAME SP-ABR, Clerk to theo Guardians. Butry St. Edmund's,Lug. 22, 1857. VT. J AMES'., BERMONDSEY, P(ATIONA~Lasud S'INFANT SGROOLS.-WA1NTED a trained, rxperlenoeel, and CERTIFIATED MASTER for the above sobtoL. dab,ry 'Loper anu,resideuoe anid teals, with emolumeztsa rising from pupil tahr.The duties to oommene froLaMichaebalmas next. AL--o, wanted a Kist;ress of the branch Infant School In Bloeanclmor-road, Bermodsey Salry SOpe, nnum a rsidece adjoining the schoool, temLr iat?bo'druck rcirel iENERLM LG the evnn, hncadd tes wl of tmronalsds toailit anbod athearaonerhoeuat e forwarde on, er beforme of Surey, on Thursiay, the 18th dae' of October next, as 12 o'lock at noon precisoly, when the tollz payalee to thie Trusteesof thesre oedfs at the ai-oral toil-tatos and bare followiny. iz. -Tbe Ceruberwellgate, Kenningion Common-gate. Harleifulrd-gato, South ILausethgae, Steg-gate andbher, Streatbaa-gate FWg'eo-marsh-gate,Peckimam- gt.Kingston-gate, Ro9e-hil-gate fRidlesdown-gate. Godetone-gate, La,ugham-gate and two bide here lu-anchor.gate, Fell-brIdg-gate, and side bar, Prinoe'&-road-bar, lbany-rood-bar. Addinton.e-ao bar, Southampton-streot-bar~ flejd-cap-bar, St. Mark's-roa-bar, Rothstreet-her, and BatterwsaN o,w-road-bar, all in the sid county of Surrey, and Eagt Grinsteed-gate, In the esnmty of Sns-,ex. wMl be lot on lease. for the term of one year, commencizng at 12 o'clock on the righit of the list December next, tn the beet bidder, by auction, between the hbours of 12 and 2, in the mnanner dire-clod by the Act pasdin the third year of the reIg of King George the Fourth, 'Frregulating tureolko-roade,"which t-olls (including the wateringtoll, and some other side-bare), realized for one year, ending tho lIst day of December uext, the srum of twenty-four thousand fire hundred pounds over and above the expense of soolecting the same; and the sa'd toUs willbe put up at the raid sum of twenty-four thboraud five bunodred vounn4e,and eubjoct to such oruditionsas sghall hbeItbon stated. 'Whoever ha ppes to he the best bidder maust at the same timepay downlInto t he rsurer's bands onumonth's rent inadvance; theffke sum on or before the let dayr of Februar followinig; and the' like sum on or before theohIs day of each ausoos-dlng month, until the tund ot the said term ; and give rocurity to thue atlef ction of the trustees of the said reads for oayment of the rent which ebell then InAgreed upon, at the times before stated, and enter into an agreement, for taking a lease of the saId tails, upon the tonms and osunditioam above merntloned. Theodraught of the lease may be woen, and further particulars known, by applying aLt the Clerk's office Notice Is hereby Also given, that the same meetLngwfll aloe umod to ElectTrustes in the room of thuse who are dead, removed o'rorefuse to act; sand on the general bualnesacki the trut. The chair wil be tmeon at 12 o'clock precisly. W. SENHOUSE GAITsEKRT-T Clerk. 6, Duke-sreet, Landon-boridge. Ist September, li6St. ~HE URRE andSUGSSE X ROADS.-Notice is hereby yen that as the debt of this trust willbh shortly paid cff. the TRltUT3of these roads (gactinIn execlion of the Surrey and Sussex Roads Act. 1S0)1will MET at the Se-issio, oose, New. legion, Is. the County of Surrey. on Thursday, the 11th day of October next, at the hour of twelre o'cock at noon precisely. to conasder iand determine about the dlesontineaauoe of the watering toll, and also removing the following gae or sIde bars from and after the list day of December, 1857. viz., Camen-grove arHay,liyr-6trect bwr, Brunswick-road-bar, 1HI11-atretbs. Metn-os-aebrWyudhamnroad-bar, Lelpeio-road-bar, Cleredon-road-bar. and Boundary-lane. bar, or by whatroerer otber narne the same gates or indo bar vswvaietively may hare bern called : all of which "tee or side bars are situsatein or nezr to thospasishr of Osenberwell in tho said county of Surrey. W. SENHOUJSE GAITtIKELL, Clerk. 5, Duke-treet, kodon-bridgo,Bept. 1, 1IjANOEESTER CITY SUREYO T1o LLCouncil of the Cioty f Manceherter amre prered t o reeie APPLICATIONS for the OFFCE of CITY SUTRVEYOR. noyw vacant. The gentleman appointed will be required to undeet,ke the direction and management of the surveying and architectursl busines of tho neer,and nt toBedicty ore, indiecly egae URinTan Tothe bletliown.Saled boapplictin, wt testisnle stain ae1f h57pll cN stroand tbeamunt ofn saay euie, and en:13d orsed Applicatio - forandU .. f ooordufnCitySryo d r,"addseed tio theTwn Clerk Is us be 2 2 delivered att e Ton-bil Manchesterdnc, o rbfr IL onday, Tithe1tor wlday of Sptember onex. ohrer4t Is, ad I.,ecordng o izean siuai to lChkartug-Is. S, Ws. Is.Id; paI dnnos,Is Gd; ttndace I. pe ay Too arifi fora- HOTEL Strand,-E~t. N7LSO DU]LI0 XOTICE,-Th,B BRNWIK THOTE~L, J.Jerm neroe, i Jae's. Losidon.-Out of peason, groat reduction ins charge The Sinlea Department combines luxuetocs obwat bes ws drst-Maeertfe so3d priate biliar roms; and the Farrily Depatmen, nuerou smal ad lage ter of a armots, Al foregn lnguges pokn. Lsse . MaCOX UUGHES.m SEA ~ ~ ~~N HOTEL and Vistor toth Ar Trasue.Exhbiton reanirrd thamtP the so TAP-IS,-GRAND HOTEL LO'UVOIS, Place ILouvo0.ikn theroe Ilcbellen.TI eufet oe,nwyfr nise-d and fitted up, and provided With Oever possble comfort, emtinte t mri th ptrnae f Is umros istors &Apstmente, with threedo.for eds and sittiengtoo,at frod60. tolOf Ro 'or week.l 2'oble d'hlgd.e atalf-part . "Restaurat ft I cats carrgoeens byeat Mhrrwee o month ith peson whzo& W prlong thor saymnPari, Thdtol hotel,frmeIts whealhBhidthyeitatonofain oth sout and I opstehe Imell isdy,I pdrlorartesuitble tbobtraelers LBm thme aprt ens overookth Place nRol.a, which I oflan uedwih tees and oPrnmaente,ad wth a k bautfu fountarin. o b Htldn tone, RE. the This and-testablishod and ract-brEt housre is weservein .escp n M Mev-BAdsTsu-' COntinental Guide.h Ro& mors Ande -Mrry'ouidediptirrough rac.Tislrecom n,adod seebismat,whchbeadth hnor LbeIng AtNS.-T'oy h most IlustrIos of hs beauo.,lelyefrne
7TANTED, a good SERVANT of ALL-WORK, V No family. ApUly to Mr J. Halea. Wimbledon. Burley. W A {''lED,S; a respectable GE NER9AL tBRVAN t' trea selgbbury.g pDa ularapply at Mr. lolderneos, Alma- 'TANTE3I), a SEiRVAT ofALL-WOiK. Muhut underot cd plain ocoing. andnot le5s than 12 eo,.thec' eharic trF * Tom 30 to 38 years of 3ge.-2, Dorset-stireet, Mahibester-Etreet. WJ ALN TED, a GENEBRAL. SERVANT, with a good chruDarater. A.j,inD Pply to hMr. 0. D. Pe33, oheecemonger, 4. Ioney- W^Nt5I: rspeoablc r as TRAVELLERS Ila 15' n this tine.l7a,ern CounCties Cnoal Comany. 13- fr-m. A N ANTiED, TWO experienced CLIUKELLS for the whoiesalo bot and sboe trade. Apply at 8.igire eimonms, eat-.r w a&rehouse, 33 and 39 TuDlerle-etreet, H wen.-rua't. IAT6 AN TEl£) a GRADUATE: of T. C. D., to teach VY 7na3t'temati',. Non resideDt. Salary £30. Apply by letter, 1n61 . lSL loane-street. S W. XVirASPED. a RE-E:NGAGEM:ENT as BAt-- . yeara' referene from her last altnatton-A, B.,. W asgoodPLAN COOKand s wiRV ST, wbero a boy is kept, a respectable steady woman, w'th gcedl ch roter. App:y, this day, at 4. Craveu-treet., Strand. AN TED, by a respectable young man, an SIT UAY TIOX C', errvo in a baker's, confectioner's, or corndealer'a shop. A,ier- Wv Ch'lules jun., Odlhom. Hants. IV ANTE D, a strong, active YO 11TH, for a pwanv broker'e warehouse, Apply at U, Upme, George-street, B:y- WANTEL), AP and lIPROVERS tdl, the 1ireEawtiAg, in . . wes e1d private house of beses Ad-lrer, IEt D.id IA) A. Mt.. 10. George-otreet, H anover.Equare, W. .AnNTED in a wholesale warehouse inl the city t VV OUlTE1,a oul; 14r of aLge, who writes a good hand. Apply hr l.'ter to A. B3., at I. Wood-street. Oheipside. , MO. W ANTED, in a well-populated but healthy nergn- bourhood. a ROUSE aud siiOP, suitable for a cheeetnoaces Or Eroc,'d and choeiemonger'is. Ben muet below. Address tu E.G. a, Cottage, Canterbury.terrace, Dover-road. _JPtt ANTE)D, by a youth, aged 10, respectably non- 7i nected,sposle Englalash and Fren , SITuATIONiasWAITFi, In a tsvern or coifeehouse. West end preferred, Apply to H. H., care of the etatlomer. 24. South-row. New-road 1 A.NTED, bya young person, a SITUATION as 81oPW OSA in a 6tatlonef's or any other lIght taucy bu.lDes%. n'veyea.' experlence at the west enad. Address by letter to E. B., 98. Jermyn-rtvcot, .it, Jamnee's. W TANT D, by a respoctable young person, a SITUATIoN as SAiS8WOMAN. Thoroughly underoda-ds b)'okbrepnz. lVIth good references. AddressA.M.,careof Mr.W, Bleirman. stationer, Northampton. 4AN'I EI),by a young man, of veryconsiderable W experience, a TNER, wikh a smaU capital. tost,rt in the general ftiruibhing bustleee iu all Itd braches. Has a rzood cornexion. .Adt,-s hi, letter or.ly, to R. , 242, Strand, ne3r Temple-bar. W ANT ED. in a family, a few mile8 from town, a TV thorooph IN. DOOR MAN-SERVANT. Apply this day, between, th. hours of 11 and 1S. at Mmr, WilIlaa's, boot and shoe maker, 9 Albian-plac,-, King's-cross. W ANTED, by an actuary, a CLERK, to act aS "sViL,t3t-aot~nar7. Salasy,£80 per annum, pl,oepd tetlet't Ill wu- %Ietailed qualificalione to C, J., care of hr. WrIIas, stetlocer Wl, Mloorgacee treet, eCty, EC,a ¶.Rj AN TEDt, by the advertiser, a SiTUATION as use-ful 0 IMPANION to an elderly lady, or In any capacity not treniual., Atge 10. A;O,d,dreea S. A., Meaere. Street's newspaperobice, yANTED,for the country,athorough oo NURSE where uo nuder nmue is kept. for a family o three child.em. Must be middle-aged, active, good tempered,and a good needlewoman, For erticulara sPIY by letter to A. P., poSt-office, Lewew. WATANEID, in a clergyman's family, in B , a W good CO OK, who undeistands baking tand the rnasacsmer- of Coddler'ds. Northbrook-te N.. ,a M-. .Jsmee6 -rducP Dlh k-street, aeuhery, AiNTED), imecnatey a G RAL hMi&W ANT; aoa Housem d. Wg nd £ tr year. Everything found them. Goodacharatrs Indipnble. APDpY at 4, (eGa03msl- tace,.l(Id Ket-road. ,,JANTED, a PERSON of unexceptionable cha- VVntcr,rtuorourgbly acquainted with bookkeeping bydouble entry. Appllicati,,u by letter, pre-pald, addromsed . 0 ., poest-otlice, Croydon. Surrey. S.alry mod.rate. XTA'NTED, a NURSERYMAID, (good nted.eTV T6mau and dressmaker,j to tako charge of three chUdren, the younggest six scar,. A good character Indiapensable, Apply at 4, Finrbury-ci,c,r, from tO till 3 o'clock. AS W^TANT'D, a SRjjGEONs ASSISTANT, of sactve VT habits aurd Fwell acquainted with surgical practice and midwpiUery.l Ae tJ to 22. Apply to Mr. Hlooper, operative crymlst, 7, .kNTED, an ENGLISH TEACHER, for a W c%ool inu Frantce, where ehe will have en excelleut ooportunity ef acqnsis, the lans guase in return for her aerricee. Addrera by letter, W~A NTElDJ itmmediately, in a private family, a tho- rough 1, ERAL SRVANT, who understande Plain rookieg and to under-tote wshing. A lso a Nurserymaid, who is a cue-i needlewoman. Ar ply at i Berfocd.row, Barnsury.steet, Iabuston. No W~jANTJ,hjD, ana actIve, energetic YOUNG MAN acW c wonesd to eolicit order6 for coals, and who has an eatabh6hed connr,xl-u to all seaborne and inland coals on cemmbalon, or On saiary ..rdi ceon.isslon as n ight be agreed upon, Address S. It, put then, Rtisl0oeate.street,wlahont. IA ANTED a AR N R it 500, to jointhe pV ptenteeli exocutlaglarge orersfor a new aud valuable patont pUl bUCpratue. which is omi Rlto Immediate and iud6ipen- 0letv. cd cosnandicg the modst ample prodt. This ib genuine tnd b y lettert . Weston. 28. boorgate-trset. \vANTEV, iSITUATION as LAY'5.MA) or W .'dI:At;E.ID,.with a famy about tobproceedtoInd a, bya roepeJtAtle youUg woman, aced 20, who h re,lded in Bergel 13 yea an poothe I..ouage wall, and canuehgl 05"fs., ,J. S .. O. t,'oldharbourMa rgatog a commeuded. A d- WI AINTE1, immediately a MASTER (able to plj W on alkmo instrumentaud tesach stBinog) and MtSTRE:5, husband and wif.!, *r brotber sid siater, for an endowed village school Saly Fny ttire iear, with a heoue and garden. Apply to the Iector of 1tt .t.ra. oxt,)neamm rsora kley. 7gATAN1 .'D, to EMPLOY pr-olitably,£5600 in a busi- ness or prufeosioa, where the services of a gentleman, for a lim ited time. may he advantagees, with a viow to the introuctiton ofj a larger our, If suoceYssul. Apply to Ur. Ervrett, ac- by a lady nENGAGEMEN Ta3 Ct_tMlO to a lady, or Oompandon aud Housekeeper oDmb'ned. grto superlntet.d the hoc!aeeold of a esmall family, in town or country. Uc,xe Ftlo e ref iererce given end required. Addres M.P., poetA AN TED, in a tradesinan's family, where there are three children, a Christian young person as NURSEXAID. Age about 285; clean. lndlittitcous, and a goad needlewomnan. None need apply who havs nent flled a similar situatiou, AddressE, ZA.,, C 'rk'e marce. Ii Ighstreet,_Irlingono. ANTED bY a highly resiectable widowy, a V SlTnsAT&l3,q to take the Chargec' a young fmilly, and 0lneate them in English, FOrench. writing, &a., likewise their wardirobes; or (Oowrassn tDut an elderly lady. Rsetable references. Address .Y.Z., Oturchillr libramry, Grove-terrace, Nottheg-hill. W ANTEN', bya highly respectable y uDg man, a TV SITVATIg inalrefr ehreanubrohndae k-ct, aaTIM EKIA13ii,Soeep, or onek slfuauli h ofice. Writes a r too AN a SIU TO ,b a sober, ho~nest main, VTwino canlil seuiyI require, as LIGHT PORT'=, or to take Charge tf . ttora and Cart, or the care of a warehouse, manu- factory, or any rMace to make himnself generally useful. Address W. O., 3. AArchwaty horn,. C amadu-%tret,Umetowden-uon, N.W. iA9 ANTED), by a lrench COOK, having excellent V Irecomniendations, a SITUATION in afamily. He ,perfectly undersse'doLu bsh ness, eve branch of pastry, and ic. Wager a year. Age3HEarano objectlon to the cuntry.- T P., 7 er,nc",8trEat. Celese, ,W . W ANTE), for a schoo i th cutry, an RHNT T GLIim11I;OVEINESS. She must bho thorougbly elucated, andvwell acqnua!nted with the duller and discipline of a school-room. A knowledge of muisic, stoing,ng.and Italian desirable. Addreess E. H., snare of ,lr. Woodl. bookseller. Worcoesater. W ANTED, for a gentleman, unfurnished APART- K EN To, corelestleg of two reception, two beet. and two seeTanta'bed roour, with etabling adlolning. The vicinity of Grosvenorsquare, Park-Is,-. nod Piccadilly preferred. Fall pakrticulars to be sent oMessr. Jeock-,,,and Grahami. 37 and 38 Oxford-street, WjTANTED, in a gentleman's family, a few mlees TvY fromn towrn, an experIenoed servant as tisoroagh PARLOUR-t 'MAID: one orb- who gas filled a similar situation, with an unebeDflenable cbara,ntsr. will be treated with. Address A. A]i, poet-office, C'rown-hill. Norwolxx. V~ANTl;), by a highly respectable farmer's TYdachtr. est30. a SITUATION as COMPANION and O uSEKEPR gto a Slady, or to take the management of a gentle- dress Id , Spa-lial ,,g' libnrarty. e2";tting-hlile)l, Lo des, oo .te,A. WANT¢D,a SEOPWiAlAN,at a bread and Ve blacti lud akrer', at bpe8r-oen whob understaeOtnds the business, Must e ,poo pld t*;ngPsrculrs,to 2, Mo,ind.plares North Brix- W1~IJ~ANT ED;in a gentleman's farmily, an UPPER TV N JRIrtE, wttotoroughlyunderstands the duties oftheunursery and can take en initut frmM the MOLth, and can have a good character snureomally fronm her leist mnistress, Age tohbe from 23 to M. Apply by letter. post pail, to N., King's newspaper office,.nChenory-lane.P WA7 ANTEED, by a respectable widow lady, of good WtV onelr' xn,. a SIITUJATIONJ as HOUGEKEEPEgI toea eingle Seutlenat acc rWidowerin whom implicit confidence may be relied. She can commasndsi 'tswac* referencoes. Apply at Miae Berry's libr4ry, Eaotga%,-,HRochester, E IATAN TED, a SITUATION, by a respectable man ~eadlrslncIe.a,viti wie astheruhLaunrf D aressor laIrd for bb frnt it to piee, Ntive of eron AppyitheWr ., 2 IA7Am.nTED, orPU CH S, furo W ANTED, ly a resiectable well educated voung TW m'an, 38 year fge SI ATO.n a merrnt 0 firmu, either at home or .ra Cagepbok,i ood ac unittnt, w'rites an enroll-nt en,ndIcpalofcondcigcera dne WA TArnsh;d, by's an ~elderly w-idow, who hasa swell TeV funshedlOo,c rathter too large for herself, a middle-aged, PereneeaCTe l P6ANlllNto sbares aPOttcon of the housael-eplu ex. peseD I rlttati.u0 is good ahout 2Iinelles fromn town, roadthe opportunity oeryred is desirahle or any cheerfuLl Person whos-e income lin lce ted. A-dr ressA. 3 3 , 6, Palace rood.LLmb eth, ~IXANTED, n a gntlean's family, aNURSE, Of charcte fa abiityinegriy an tem lf eanmo, Aple b ete d o TV o Itferitled or tem o s-ars wet or south of 'ondon, witIn asyraiwaycomunication of Londoe, to contain S or more netIoroMs. 'Iesl mceot, usual reception rooms, study, morning rOom, ala-v nurseris ampe rcmModatien for servants, rood at.bi-ng, gardens, InC. Good partrigebsooting requisite; trout fishing desirble. Adto. A. opjoy' libary Reeod'ng. VT ethe as.t'5NtOt T&CSEItinaSchooL OompanIon to) a Lady,or Nusery ovorss Insfam~ horethe chiildren ace yolnng, Pin iscomelet t Intrct n Belh, iththeedilmertoc.' muols Trech,anddrntng Noellectonto o o th cntInent. Rose,*tabe rfeencs gve, Adres Ina pot-ffie,Grunt Tower.strest, VV ANTEDJ n'o'lear- the Regent's.P5rkg, in a cOmfortably .UVf8eneled hnts-,, 'where there would be no otter ledgers, a DRAWING RM00Sf T'wo rood Be;d Rooms anO Dresitte Room,with, agkithemn and acc.'Tommttson for s Prca-at. As there would be only a igetlmanan lay,and no attendance reuisesi. tne terms maus-, ba 340derate. ReferCens exchangod, Address W. G,, care of Mc, pal- arer, sUtatleer. 2. Crawley-street, Oakleyy4quare WANTED, imm~ediately, in a flstcl ettabiab- metnerte wt end, a gentleman of midde hg, a., tinne to he dscnlne nfa scool,to at as ESIDNT CNs'g W A?j ThTED, a respectasble YOUTH for a countinf, I s VT bouse. Apply at 17, Whasi-road, Ci y-rosd. 'IWAT)NT3I), an experienced HIA1D, with i good 78aracter, for the hosiery and WhiA trade. Apply by letter to A. i., 78. liightreet, Borough, 8.E. W~jAlNTiD, by a re3pectable widow wlthout ei- VT umbene, STUATIOjN as HEAD RrEortwatn an invallid ltyoa ehghyrcne~db eia manitAdda-S...r S-o.tAone,W W1 . TED, a resPectable veit, g e 19,a ' 1 t o r b i 1 ee 9, V UA T 1'ED, eithn 'her at homn or abroat; the eprefered. nag been engaged In buesd fort r yeaRs. Adress 2 Mer. Mitchell's , td, A ddre d w.O COOA K wle cdaMTE, bya respe¢tabv7 good PLAIN beV ame Ob , wher ab Chouemdan ootman are kept. She juuct b ea M em_r ofth14e Crchb of Engta Apply persiom,ll, or b liot,er lo ;s d Mr dane, is. UpperGlonectatr-pn qung't-road, Ohetsea, S. W. eu by a wdo la dy, 2 u anGIs1GAWUT as C-ioMPAIos t 'averns, or to superinteadthe domesicu a gemeR ntsof an elderly, genitablieman,or widower with chilien *or Inany apaitot eil Addes EL. 42, Doughty. V and aOtOe' ieth;r three or four nes ofthe p3uek hwet sed, a small FURNISHED HOUSE, f.s: year; cootinagagood sutiLng room. dintag roon, and two bed rolme, a kitcaen, room. Address by letter, Pmasd. to E. C., postofu. -reustree. Bloontshury, statiag I Ityand ternms W ATA In :c*U WANTED, by ij -respec-tablelaundrees. Tr or Large open drying gronud and rood supply ot water. Cart in town every cay. Shirts, dy.; eaisl tiings, Sd per doze,n Good reerenea eiven.-C. F.. 40, Altany-road, Camberwell. WAT HIS G donein any qan tity, in the fi rt styl e, bT e ontirely hy hsnd labth i.e with care and putunctaity. etcensIve proemies. Excellent drung and bleaching groynds. Address ''vw,and Club-houses.--- XV ~~~~ASv.-Grma ldy,wa sbNr,Rle eth,GI .LAuDY esalse 0 yers his now room for :M workE SIS, andtepyretrcnudrant the i a hlngo lnen (1r MAN GOV:lt ERNESS.-AEIIRD Geran leiady, ot as only recently cosa eto this country, and who Isc lsy compete nt t Instruci tsIn Germanu, rB. J.c. nd mnuei. Is desirous of meeting with the SITUATION of 4VlNESSinaprvaGtelamany. RefeEnces( of the hIghest character will be given. Apply by letter, post paid, h. B, ears of Messrs. Nissea and Parker, stationers, Mark-ianns. [2AILY GoVEINESS.-A lady, experieneoed in tuition wes ofan ENGAGEMENT as above, in the neigh l,ourhe,d ofStanthah. be teaohesthe usuabeachesofeducation. curIo, and Freurs. Efersucto the familinwhlehebe has bee enggedcom yers.Ters oerate, Address Apt. Mr. Martin's iT BE lDEM SE LLE G V SU. SSE, Lyant trois ara Cae 1 recomsdatsi ronu, desire ome PLAER dans unsefamille Adugla,se p3ur enwsigner ls Franui~al A so jounes enana. S'adsesscr H. A., post- office, Kingobridf r-. South Devon. r i'i GY RNEIISES.-BE URE P ne7 aey in a shobol near town, R LADY not under 15 years of age, eapah e ot reodeng veneral asof stance in tihe routne of school duteis with Fre.nch eouverstlonaflly. A knowleogs of music desIrable, Address, wItulpastiesl-Ar, A.I. . urrey illa, fdourlsey, r3 C`) LAD)IE SCIIPRUOLS.-A erman proY n sor of J the piano, who can introduce a Pupi, wishes to undertake the TUITION of a dinet clan establIshment. The neIghbourhood of Nutting-hill and Kensington preferred. Address, Pro-paid. to L. AL, SIr. lt,awley'd, 27. Il'lgh-street, ?lstting-hll. TfHE frVErisES ' ofEiTYOIN GL D,2 year Sofho town. Fiu1HE fred of a YOu G ADY ~aged 1~7, rar J.derosa of PLACING her in a enperlor 0LIO014 where, in return for her cervices In superInten-ding the pcactice of musicto Insth etablishmer.,. and a emai payment cbs would barn board and the aa,antage of ma'toWm Addiess poet-paid, to A. B. poet-office Hem. higford-place, Barnebary-park, hIsllgton. A sdesitois to binaEE O (S C. D., Mr.Shrew msr.'bandBmuler, Addressuto A ±G LADY isdesirOus of obE iga Si-TUAA. a e ththe cencdestlun Aply o 8.L. olIg's,4-1 Potmanplae, iada-hill. ~PA1~iIAN ADY, avinghours disengagedi, Bmloomoury I S RESIDEN GOTRESAldy, ~well conOnected and GeENcEd in A r INGA.IENT in a good family. Hessurmun r ue ineig drawluc, pAinting, and Yreech wihOsuua rnhsof nlsducatioa. ,6S AILY GO EN S. A ldy,expe`rienccedd A..in tuxition, desires a P&ENGAGEIIENT. lite teaches English, Ftench Iacrroired In Francel. muds, drawinig,o. Ci. ood references, Ls c.llty immaLterial. Address Fpdranee, Soading's hbra.y, Bcolestonterrace south. P'imlico. ALADY, of thi -alihdCucb,who -hasbhd .Ac--uuctlelpentlio , ,.to formn a RE-ENGAGEAl2 .iuafml under II, years of age. Het cai,tosare a toogLigihedction, with F'rencb. masio, a.d orawingt. The ms aifcoyrfrne a b,, given, Country sf-rr,d. Address . ' . rt TRAINED, NURER OVRNeS fomah ordinary English branchs IhdaigI ecladwtrclue and th rudlimentso01frec n ui.AdesH .P,Clee Pnsver,tsrs 4i, Qnecu'seauars, ombuy hi ENGLISH PROTSTANT LAYin her 22 AC3. e~Bar,ccea'tomed to tuition wishes an ENGAGIEMIIST in a school in Paris as TIIACIIIIiR of her own lanuage and arithmetic, drawing, Dointinig, and music. In returnaforher sevice of four houLrs d,ollyrho will require every fcility for Improvementthe ohool atfrds. Ileard and laundry. Referenaossexchanged. AddressF.RB.,10, Greal; Ryder street, St. James's. A ~OiJ tLA Y abot to eave ar-is, Wishes for C1.psqure.l itrhs. WAhad come has55 repeidenaI tutiny Hear aboad qrt.mpe4tu nvitaesPr then ttench, muafte, arbidingyn, whic she cain I tfeachwtoo ut tibre aEIdTE of msers ndLIdrawngt bIEeoners. AddRes propai, To ch.er thorp llim.onTurndi,r2oferrsoCaurs.8lolpd, Champs r,xsoperrt.fudipinvitsth attntiodon ted Inobgltid, gentry. aud poraianyis don coduced y Ms.OP Iadyt wo t~ihes noblt andGentr reu .in efiiTA IANgLA.Ys-RAnDFOE N GOVmutderNbireSiS ad nenal lanuress-m eAbplin h-Iter toEor a.,corrc st-fimae. ofmther oomer GETEM N rsdign h cutr,is desirous A inumeet withdatof dometic8hhisstbe a= pe-o fld-iemnes n itudr1er fae. Unlexosstioae reeecsrqie.AdesL .t. ot-office, hMarlbo'ough. a oixpm,as LADY's-MAID1, or Lady'e maid aud Nurse. Understands hairdreesing, dressmaking, and mUiiery. Can be highly recommnended. Address A. ii., Ciarendon House, Clevedoa, near BristoL NURSE W NTED, aofrom28 t W35, whho nestai ever repc nerl ie,goduelwm A s ne8eswthbl LAD , hroghun oresen ircu-~- wises ora STUTIoJ~HOUSEKEEPER. to a widower or single geno mn rt aeitn the domestic ad Alrs of a lady. She Is an orpa,adi ul optn to tundertake such a situation where care an cnm r seta.Address sO SM. BL.sat J. Marystt's, 12, Popc-lc.Knsad ~ Rcs~ctable~~erse is deirousofaEG ±Ij no ubecrin tosupeinten thecookng b t no do the menala work Saarynot80 uchan ojec. Canty pofered Hig'aly respetal,l refesnces~ beIVn.Adest T0I, South post- must be xeincdi h m anageet of children, Address J,. O., Eseley-1's, ,OdBod-tet iy 2 iT tENM I WA TD. Nn a xe ren e.peromonawithgod charatersnee apidy.-Croza Keys, Wood-street, Oheapside. HOUSEMAID WAN~~~TED,nayojung ladien' and an early risc:. The duties are lgtWae lPeanu,and Everything found. For the addresapytMrHwrd butcher, desros f lacngthirchidrn uttonursewill Soda healtir comortbleboos fr tem iththeadvrtier,whohashad25 yeare' K710 uiler fraim London--a g ood ~LAIN CO),onesanlugay dairy and baiting, a House'maidi to wait at table, a-nd loarm plat , well Both miust havesud. characters for early rising, honesty, cleanliness and cobriety. Wages Coot, £24, Housemaid £t8. Apply at 57,BrooksOrTest, Sand-street~o, o Tonday aid_Tuesday,_heitweanit Land 2dolock. 100K and GENEtRAL SERVANT WANTEkD-_a x-/respsctsble, active, end experienced person of H~ to,.0 rers o,f age, inacasmal elet family, where a ntis e gkept, -.ndea boy doss the rough work. Walshing is fput out. To a plro wIth unexceptiona'sle references es to character liberal wages will be gIven The filtuation wil be found easy and desirable, Addres io X. Y. Z., Surex Adveltii'sr office, Lewes. Sussex. lESSoNS irk MILLINEIRY and DTEhS-~MAKIN-(,j ,LJ O,I.tecus.gvnb r.A AAIrS, 19, dward-fftreet~ Lanesm.lac,~ ecot-ssee, Pperpatersgiven to pupils. in provrs antd. nele,shous fom ii o4,Just pubILheid, Hinte on ndra Dess; ls, d diton Hw o as Dress.Bygmrs.A. ~i 10 RTiFICAL FLOISTS.-WA~NTED, aa J.. PESON torougly copeten to munt weaths. dress trim- ?TODRESMAKERDS.WAN TED,R'T1 a Ady ofoepe TU11=nc asFIRSTHNDOHSIan ANL MAKER 0fr a-p first 01cmstrade.-J.MH. and H. T. Clemuonison, Ashton-under-laue, leer Mancheater. 0~" PARENS ari GUARDIANS,-.There are A1 VAk,CANiEsfoTW APPRENTICES In a ladles' outfitting and Juvenile warehoue wsof London, in a good house of business, where a thoroug otwede0 dressmaking will be acn'ed. A moderale preniumgppya 3. D Dvvnshl.re-terrace,N Nota hill. W. mo PA RENT n URIA-NS of INVALI D J1. CRIILDR1I, ad,residing within 12 miles of London. is deelrous ef baring the CAG of an INVALXD CHILD. The situation is healthy, and wihna e inutes' wakoar, a tion. For Iersom,c pl oA, &cae,o a.G a,o stationer, L.eadenball.strest. LAfl0 the FAIISoCF?CE S PRUCEEDI{, eithr wih orwthot cildrn, wo ma instru Hmens E. Th,r London. 11,0. ~ ~ ~ ~ FU-1-qure QPANLSH. -WANTED, by a gentleman, a few kl)LESS'ONS in the aboye language. Add V-s .repaid, C. E, T.. Adarms' zewepaper and p=rpot offies, 9, Par -sre, .. Elating terms anti full particlars.S., A Good CLASSICAL SC0HOLAR, about 20 years of ..CILage In WANTED, as JUNIOR MASTER In a schooL, Reerenees and testimonials required. Apply to W., Mr. Peach's libraTY, R%th. C3LERGYMA-N, M.IA., Oxford, late scholar of otis A college. resding In a healtiiv~ariah in KCent, wisbes to lt s.D with a pueL reparlng for mstric Atlon,or with agraduate for hi;y orderm Terms moderate. Highlyatzf6r eeiaos Ades ?e A, Oxon. pset&offloe, Taunbidge aifcoyrtsne.Adrs ri 10 first aLis LADIES' SCOROLoS and OuIr I. LEaES.-A clergyman, whomca refer to 10 ettabialrhmenr,. in meest of which he baa for some Years, taught English oompodtitln. n-e of globes, natural science, ke., has a few hours each we-ex DISENGAURD. Address M. A.. 24. New Tibubiey-soad, St. John's-wo-d. "'UTORSHIP or MASTRSI. Aclrymn of ML experience in tWition, and of modeorate church viewa. Is desirous ot obtainise a TUTORESRIP, either at home or abroad, or a Mastership i scOOL. In the latter case tbe opportunity of doing bonday dat woud hbe a desideratum. Addresa Rev. S. a., care of Maitre, Pa,rker, and Son, 445, Weat Strand, W.O. ITURIKISH LESSONS.-ARABICj LESSON0.- T1.TIANSLATIONIS from or into the Turkish, Arabic, Freads,l sud English languages. Apply to Williasand No.gate,foreignabooke,.Jlers. 14. Hvniaetta.etreet. Cb.vent-gsrdlen. I N1ItAL EDUCATIONAL _AGE~NCY, 40, GJNytt1_ingebam.p1%Ce, Rtegent's-park. W.-Mrs. Wilson requireo,a SITUATLUo, fors a raduAte of OxIord as PRIVATE TUTOR, in a noblemen's or gentleLasn's family, Acquirenments, classics, an Hon'sr.~ry Olsaaman n in athematico, preparations to entrance into _pnt,h so'iools, do., with the general routine of an EnglishL education. Diestingol.heo references, sIssry £6. L~DUCATINAL OFFICE 29,Srad auc E anthehoolatterithweith siatos: no fee for registration, Moola traDsferrodadppl nrdcd A'dvertisementa received. Proepectures aeldfoapicto.Eluna tional and Juyenile works pulse,adgnrlpitn xctdOn tI e lowest terms. Ltofpiefowrepotre.Tehgest refe- place eaet, blew road.. eoa 2 ('1UyMIST.-AREAL ASSISTA.NT WAN'I'Eas. I.. Apply to Mr. fatn 19, Cable-street, WhitechapeL C1LEB.K WANTED, in an auctioneer's office. Lie C Jshousld be a good drauslhtsman ."d competent to manke apectaca. tlie. Sc. Apply by1etier to P.R.1.ig-me.S J eese,.. CEKWASTEDL, in a west end upholstery et bbtohmtnt. Mouat be a quick thorough accounutatit. unmarc,i.l Bea-d and lodging provided. APPly by lettr only. etating salary, Iat ere,slnyer &o.. to A. B.. 4. Hanover Cottages, St. John's-wood. CLEltK WANTED.-It is indispensable that ens e hoald haTe agood adress and appearace,write aready legible hand. uabt eacq~uaintediwith the Psench language. Ape ly, by I.tter only, to Mr. Henry Mogford, 104, Denbighestreet, i'imilco. ('~IE1ll -W-ANTE-D, who ~is well acquainted 7Tth coxnatiug-house and ordinary shipping bu4eiem, spekas Firen,ct ana, Germnan, and has a generia knowledge of thie whocesale warehislses Inx the citt. tialary Jlberal. Apply tok writing, stating age, ac., to0 M.N * cAre of Mr. Williams, etationer, 25, Walbrook, B0.C ~'lLJl2R W~tLITE .-WANTED ia a ship agencly c etatL shmet at a' poet in the Chanl an active, totelUeA0. you:.g men, of good addrera a native of enaycopet to perform the duties of BOARDING orWTE lII ative of Itausburg. Bremen. cc kiolntetnwudb peerd Apply to H. W., Doet.otliee Cowes. U'LF,K WANTED, i an eminent foreinhuee tJlhecity. He most he well acquainted withi bookepn .iC' gesral routine of Londou busines,, tesoroagbly coevereat with ta,, vfsirih aod German language,, and a goco. atithmeticman. It is C,quested that noone Will apply who doo not Mily poesea these quAldm. cat,ons. Apply sy letter, inuboth languages acdre.s,ed to Q. X , c..e of Thomas anua Sons, staraouecs, Cornnill. C:TOMMbERRCIAL EM MN WNE,by N thd adverlaser, age 30. respectably consenteod,with good recz. re..ces. L'nderetaudS somOething of French, and has hold his Dreseut situation of b~ookkeeper sod cashier for upwards of eight yoar.mAlbion, t"~t-ofiliee, if, lhariog-croee. t ~ON ONA Il,Albany-street, eet' ak wiehs Inpreere SLTUATIO1, fOra flret-rate (OLVU5I, age 30, -no ha ee nerctdbycneif. -~UAIsIuROLEIuE, WANTED, Must be wl tP acquainted with town, Ap)ply byletter only, stating aceand exPected Wnary. to A. B.. 33, Oxicedistrest, W. who an lea knies nd ootswel, ad 'wait a5 tab;." TI NDE WAlTE WANTE-a YOUh Unler 20 U..)year of ge. ppl at he (oes eysToavr, Woodi-street, BtjiilI-NG SOCIETY SECRT IE B- B ED, in Provincial Towns. Ap,ply,,dtn aue fcnelo quAlfleatioun, and amount of businees he a oroe.pead to K T., cares of Mr. Wila ,ettoe,2,oo aeere.ifC '3RELi and EOA URSODN' A emugeutleman whohas besen empoe uigisyas in a mueroantele hou,e li Paris, and 15 month toLno,I h hve EA Wantedi, Midshipmeu.-TWu respectau.e OUTS WANTEDfora firat-clam clipperaeteamer.en,dtheaf,r aIls-t-class ndiniman. 8For amounto01premIum andothLer petieul:. apply to A. D. Bost miley, shiebroker, 62l, Gracocaurch-stre-A N.BS. Apprentitee Also wan-ed. oERlTAY orMAAE.-Agnla, 1 CJgreat experience, good wnersantile conne:dona uies ai' and as-lot integrity, is open to an ENGAGE31Ers wThare ae joint-etock or othercompany, He willproduce tee*timoll rmct bankers, nercbants, d,",of thehigheet cbareemer. Apytoes,I. Brunker's 2, Invemess-terrace, Bayswater, W. TV ICUP iN f genleany nd Unorattve o- baracter may, he scoured for an eilBible person who has at a6ir iimeodlate command X;00 to £700. The duties are light; hours, 10 til 4. Applicants must be under 36 years of age. of good address, and of active "mbits, accustomed to correspodence, and associa'te wtzn gentlemen. Addrssm Alpha, ca-s of T. Wilson, Erti., 26, Cbarleaetteent, Waterloo-place, W.O. POSTILLION WANTED, where a coaclm,niss IL kept. Must be above 25 year, oldshr,lgtegb,adnt figure, and be hihly reoeomnieded Io blt n taiesi similar place. Wages XLiSa year, adle ekbadwOs ltiserls an. Wil have the charge oftw hos.AplatM.en nedy's, Upper Berkeley-etreet, Portman-square. ,n1EDICAL PUPIL.-A surgeon, of much exp.- 11.rience. prrtainsin in a midland county, REQUIRES a gee'lemainly YOUTH, to so aetcltd for five y,srs. Two given uiP fur hozp tW. attendankce, and every faciWty afforded. for preparation. A most comnfortable home. Premium moderate: by instalmenkts If desired. Address R. A., 41. Park-street, Ir1ington. OEIAL A surgeon, residing within ~2j mil-s sf ivlteE ugh Hospitals, With omnibuses us fm etrpassing wishes to ROECEIVE one or two MEDICAL BTU EN 13 into 0 e hous. Careful amgistance in thairrstudies, and referencee to h rpe:l gbacaswill be gien if required. Address AL,D,mcar of H. W sa-fed tationer, Peckbam, S.E AN-Sll VNT.-ANTE a h~oroghI.i.LLDOORSER- NT ut oflivey. Wges 33; no extras for not esstitn £5 peanum.appy pgepteand toS.tu , abro annon.e24 A S NGINE RIVER.-WANTED,by a respectClaboma, of17 ears' experience a SITUATION. as ENGINE DRIVR. ood estinonnlacan be given. Address to A. B., 4, Wee.pace Nlsn-sret,Long-lane. Bermoudesy. Lo ndon. sono a ourgeon, aged21wh hm a know dipendog and uuderfftakas omething of mechanaica dentistr,wse o SITUATION in the country, eithber with a cbymnist and deta,rwt a esen ernacthisg dentistry also. Ado rees J.T.. c&seof M r Jns, I MliHighHolaom. AYOU~~G GENTLEM6AN 19 years of age, is dec stdrapso obtaining a SITUA'lION In a stcekbrover's offios,. Being anxious to get into the business, ealary is no object. Has bein In a mer-enant's houee for three years, and can give unexceptIonable reterences. Addres A. B., 76, Piccadilly, FITTER.UP WANTED-, in the looking glass A deatent. Mus e ba good cutter and packer and a careful and comapetn seetrols.Undeniable references as to sompe. teny,So.Aplyat . osttis en! moy,3 and 4, Gret Chapel. A GEN LEMA , agd ~3, isdesirous of taking £3.. CONIDETIALCHARE o a MRCATILE BUSINgw at smineer broa. H hasresded n I Disome years, and can give din rae rfernce, Adres t Spndyns,care of Mr. Lee, iditer- £3.iconsiderable practice, nhligaulcapItet a aVAANCY in his office for U-ORPPL rmu 100 guineas. Salary after the firs cr-.N,cr fAbr arn Eq., 1L New-court, Temple, HO. S GAR ENER,a respectable man, middle-ageu, arred,witoutany encumbrance, who understands grape growing an al kndsof rut, and kitchen gardening and dlower g%rden 'lbs are f a eali armsould it be required. 'Wife, the care of a lode. an av 12yeas'chbexater from a gentleman in town. Addres J.Bec WhI's-res, Walthamstow, FNsex AG~~K fr a OLLERYor MANAul,5iN, actvel enare inbusnes fo soe yarson isiaown secosunt, having some Cait)l and aveygocoexo,i desirous of obtlanind ana APPOINT RNT asLN DO GN o any farce colliery,or Managing Clerk insa conIghu.Stsatory referencese cn be given. Apply, pe pre,t , . r Sd we ', 1 hrpgcos anxious to EXCHANG n IPINiET frnkadvau abroAd for one of Iess emolueta oe slaeo lenswl expire on 20th October nex thseharcnotbefcedst- tiat date. Application frorpicps iltobadesdtoW. Bevan. Esq., C. Old Jew-ry, odn LMAN torol milinry: ne a'iga onrxioli wi:b shppersapre-. ferrd. Adre s toA. f,. 57,Blacfrirs-rad,S. ENGAE sltha gntlean oin toany andttofthiscolny,addrest H.S.. poetpaid. poe.olllce (lrenneeter r* 'O TALO ,..Arpetbeyuhmyer- A ceivedinoteuti-rmofart-litaeasIIPRV . Board and ldInsol fee o h is er drs,saigae and other priuas o,1. e.s at odn n oIms 10. Old Bn-tet rj-~o MERCHANTS ad Tothers r~equirin-gacof - 3. hi ASSST&'T CashIer, or Secret,ry.-A gentleman of educetkn.i at pres;ent holding a pos' of trusgt in a Liverpool and Lon ; o house can be trpater, with far a stmilar situation either at home mie abroad. AJddrem for partlticlars to Win. Solley, hEq,, accountant, 52, fsGoreate.street. Londlon, B.C. 7fl0 REWES.~WNTED, by a yo a fgo dresec abled I yunsman a iTUTIO inRKt anbees ntor asr Urwe. Undser.4 aegodandsaiig, bewingz paledeo alle ted parorurs wiltnghsi to ae 1i.ofselusfu ian thve ounting- houste.ra by uexoetonbreferenres.Sao. pectdess Addes W , N.. Cehns inr-ariyc. 19 had mo AUCTLO and othe an APR IFSRS EstAt-e- T tgentn, who hasbean byr ah young1 means ogoonned addteh rage 2wayeas. asewtUrATINd aCoutLRt tseiouan autofnefer. Sc. home esr abgood-an gase-at kNO&seGEN I If allther oarl brancf hes tboy theraterstioN, e giefeenl yands chraeemri i be uenexepreoabl refremnce, Z Addes A.in W. N l.aGreshrmt ibrr, 3,Chepsd TO RAILWAY and other COMARDE.- ge P n- 3. EOFAT,&c- etleman, whohsbenfrtepc12yascncedwh ra il was s ec-sar- nda-nsta,t s esros f ffctngsthoe - T°JUNIOR ASSI$TANT- D wa oozzite~~~~~~r trade. Apply to inthe country. a rs W.W posltecer TO OHIRAIU3 and CA.RVIORS. -A etetagy JL Min, as OHAIS:AKER sad OARV'R, may meet with con. stant EtIPLOYMENTT at Mr. P. Bray's, Wixbeach. T° TAILOB8~~~i an D 4 .-A FOREMAY ot abiUty, expSence, gD ood addre, in oDea to an E3TGAGE Addre Y. Z, 12, New-street, VInpo=uar.W RFZGAGI %leI. oADge 23&. Good and satlsaft tafsc can be given. Addresi IL N.. News Room, 76, Stranode,e w. TOGROOERS' ASSISTANT.W&PIANTn COUNTEitlWAN. Un4xne oua a ri efeenes req~uird. Apply on the premises 23.,Wesibourne.place, Blabo?sread, Padidecton. T° wshes to EElwit aAUg TaD y enlemn)hm e wol srct I.nP al car~ec of abebriekcutre 3. Ctfreat8t aexcrmangcid. Term Modvt.AdER HS .0, 1.-lAce BObOKKEEPBto TO1 JEWELLERS' and SROER8TASIS TS.-ATE wrE,ioltl,FIEcvcable YOUNG BE. wh for d-m~t-~-- t-oincu~aot2,-h has hadiSDr3 m b rmet wexpt,n behien 9ad 6.e counTer.°ilalaryom£3 to 0 perannum,l to brsand tirld nate hondeb. Apely awu tr8.e. pply aorsee,Ay Lewls,srdo oer, 5B, whootitn a CoMMostq fPhirtom a ihyserotlden frm te anfac:l3 ture would inst Eruct inS E of he y iii ab ted Ofr_arabd-street. o 0T JFURNEyM D WAXTCH MAKNT-j t m i £3bOQ ,a e =gbttin4ttrendroeo, ind tor,8 puter. WtDIn ten an e d esR aIn he ahkowled. ofDI ate vaiu rnhs8ft. rd. nxetoa rfe illobedreouired Anddlres AroJMane,' t 8, bIgh otae TO AUCTIONEERS, Land ApentLe' &o.-WAT. A. ED anRGA EIENTa AOCUNT, anlfolldiXJ MtrANAGIN aCOERBSEUPb- enlmanhi" ienwth nthe f ro, in the sinufacite branches,t who hasi heda srimilarn Inlete ofilce oddf hgtanA.ng. Reres. Moirean A. 22, acaorlsgtn-rsen Br'to tot~~~~~~~~~~~~M 3oey TO WHOLECITBSALE HttOUSES and ttolither. ha T° WA LTE by a married mn, age 37 c ac SITaIOnd raLcticel PORTER, N or0 1t~escenger In any house of bine~, where Hghe smaf himel usdefu t hsrb empoyrs {6DtBtReowstorblewwehodll,ad cng dive.ne rro MERCHNTiS, land-AizentKKEEpEI~ jNT ED,roughycnvAersanT wtconsand ci13Ty ~udsetins, eud f CayLEaRs bmlso a n pithetame houstWihte ofhnio,sttopn to an Imme branteENGAGEENT.- W EDD,ircdeitn mafysor depende on. References give. Address A., t2. )ityaNesomir, lntbac S, TO PAENTSand UAD aNS-WAotho-rs a U. E respectabledyouth be ~)(J( ADVRENDIi UDOD the diamond mouning nd attlo. Aply t Kr.Ol wer, 5, nd can driv.se; Wllmlsgtou.square. CGretlerkeenwes city and GUADIANS,therc Ios, aQ o diate ENGAGE depenPdENed ronet T RA-efensddb gTheedby o iexvno. 0 DRAt .PF,mcwmm IC rgnotemlnts. d e waoul tp his studios in the with t on fthead fiahedilittor an. mpogable yuthnawINDgeOth0AFfR0E NaTIORto banhe, Ad.sri mounrtingpadh sett ar okD'oed,ozck&po, to SMniWem,1 Wpeleugton-tqut e a Lredon o o over the Is . Sts ac N s el d emesba VAANCYE faIAPPANTIE In aln- tablihed dt can mdclucractiveatwhoe alet busnd of aononPAdTNesswthA £13,00 Apl t r. Taer htomas, 1se, Wlaccounetant 46, eorgpte-sret S..C toc larn a trad willz ho preere ad,pl to Mwre ,gr8. Perc,s£icar,GlltepOurStreeoft. llJBlWIl or to cler cAr TNE,SH IPWANTED IW.a. estaeb-b.Ihe Awholeale tea house, a PArR, a in £0th the beDineng, and a capital ot not less than £4,000. APplaon to be made to Box S. 159, post-office, LtverDool. A FP-.~in the Saddler and Harmsas AlD,by the advertise, a PARTNER, to join in opening u fin-ass trade, the city. Apply by lettr,. before otturday evenint, to B., 23. aayton-xhee, Kennitng, oalk-07 T°APTNEIESHIP....y GENTLEMAN haing aTI TArdexton ithke rectos * ce ofublic womletirant o an act c'in endrgticmayuJoIN ba uelsctabilse ues Is neDn th opprmiy. Oprodcin goproquite. Apply0 to Mr00. Reraeln, , eauforst-bnldl., Strin'alg.l coprlith labeo whon3 cantu omman urom £300 to marq00, to otedthe Are care oflf sre. A o Mr te raossod teo , I man-street.Ga'-n-od 4 oL DARTNER WANED, in the th~olesale wi I TAde, to takeD the plnves ofIne who isue retinrding.ry anractiv, paying an businel s tJhi Ismtae andexclletboptpostmit api Rotol treaota aeted wih.Adrs,t.l.B. careb of Mere oh littleisn Sweain-rt establishliIt and to Ansuse for it a universl demand, and which will, in a short timae, ledeneudent of the other now In full operation,. make a handsome oom . B., Messrs.Sydney and Son's, .Llse PAToERJOIPN o a FRro,n offwhheb,oret kMnoble moeronhs rEcentido patents, in operation four years. The Invention is indisnensahie to the Government, and all bankers and large mercantIle concerns. The Governsent has made an offr for the patent. A Party investing the abovre capital may realtze a competency by it. Apply by letter to Mr. Weston, 23, Mowpgte-street, Bank. ing with a gn oMano blt,adwt euir en ol him in PARTOEiI.AYonadalepattoewudnt TO CAPITLISTS.Acontractr andpractictl possssig a avilale cpitl o £5000to £,00. wll indthis a a very dirbeortntfo NRTNthrams,ad may atpply i the fis ohms.Luh 4 mrca-square, Iondon,F.C. 1IIONEY.WNE 2000 ntwo sums of 131. 10. 000 each, at 5 prr cent., on freeholdbuliglnea town. Address Alpba,6,Kleg.elreet.Ho olborn. bdigl n ,ea WATE, for a term of thecrtyea largelanded estate,intbe outha.west of Eglad. pp1 toMr. Alfred Cox, estate surveyor, 04. New Bondstret,and2, ppe Daer-street. Fo0. 444 ONEYread tobe ADVA.NCED, uo temrtLit gas housesand lands. Depoelitnrooelved athfu er mat Appl toMr..Toh EdardTreelder, Secretary to the Popta In. Tesmen Lud ad luldng ociety, 37, New tErIdgett,lacIr.-. MOO VANCED byM.W .LX ewiery, a uhle neettd rp 0 ENTERPIIGCPTLSSob S. OLD, for £50.sveral valuable PTEEDIENs5 wi other advantgs the proprietor Unaodb'ginara. Th~ annual returns of one willmere than rpyteurhsmoey, Address Richte, News BRooms. 76, Strand. FPO the IV TV.eqieentofheA. JL AList ofiUJCSfr IC EY all rmnrtv,fe On applcation, obypsonrcingtwo sap.Ilralna t~eses comlet cur fo theaboe-nmed complaint In catte and admnitrdtepeaainwtunfresesdringthe1 last seven yer.idsouometn wit a GENTLEIfAN who is willing to advanetesmo£50frth purpose of manufactur'ng the medilnel upo a scale commensurate with the importance of tl,e sunbject, Testimonials in favour of its succesatul application man be shown, and any one desirous of ontering into negotiation ran be satlsdid with the saety of the amount advanced,antd the prodits to be secured thereby. It Is Proposed to pay, in ad lition to a sinciflel armual interest upon the sum, a royarty unon the Quantity sold. and the party lending the money wlfl h-ave an undiTided control over the sam, uti the whole amnount has been repaid, when the royalty wilbaotinued for a fn-ktber period to be agreed upon. A.ddrow pre-pald, to MB. G.0,core of Mr. o. EL May. generaladvettlsement office, 95 Lombard-strert E C. MYISOUSIOLD FURNITiUE.- WAXT1iBD, to~ ItPUSRtISIABEHOUSEHOLD PURRITUJRR iud K18OEL. LANEOUS PROPEERTY to any amount. Liberal cegvniro cash. Apply to Messr. reet and Lawrence 9, pe atn lane. H OUSE f FURNTURE fr SALE.-A l Hman wiseg to DISPOSE OF the good, modem, and t selected PURNITURlaofanueight-roomed VILLA. s Itstands. The house can be had at MicLaelmsa. Rooms unusually large.-T.P.,Manniog's, stationer. Hornsey-ro%d. ~~ be SOliD, for £~ 200, tho eOntire TO P ARUTIES FURNISHING.For imin,Adate B. ALE. in one lot, theenxtireFURNITUIIEoI a small MANSION, comprising elegant walnut drawing room turniture in marqnsteie with four sets of curtains and cornices oomplete, roaAwood ditto In .tre , vevt with, rte o surao an oe.mhoaydnn room, with fou sets of reps curins and pole complete, mahoaany andiron bedatsAde and bedding, mabogany wardrobes and drawers, marble-top waahstands, toilet glases, and the usa: bed room re qui sites, gilt chimney asses. or-moulu and otber chocks and omaments, h'lt,-bes fmuriture, china. la`s &. Apply by letinri tu ra to Mr. Watkinson, 217, Stran, W,U. FI1SBURY PANTECHNICON, City-road, near Tlnebwy-squars, N1OW OPEN, exlusivey for w.arehouing farniture and valuable Property 01 allknU esosrql u &uc mac. oommodation on vihitlog thisi estblishment wll' D " dmnplete arrangements at moderate charges. Cass.wrapper, andmat SDp. plied for use, a n d estimaLtes free, withi 0m l so h iy I RITJR IAEOSS lo.h A~udley- street, Groavenor-sqruare, tor Furnituire Plate,- ices. anDd ever ofrectiuly invite the attention of the nobility, gebtry, and patois, d'esirousof WAREHOUSING PROPERTY, to their try store room their charger bemgexwe tnsiy moderate. Eftiteggleu for removals and cartage In town or ounntry. UR:ERY STOOK.-S. POXSFORD and SLN Nlbeg to say that their isplendid cUoletion of ROBS~ (contalnigl.11l the bet and newest of the hybrid perpetual clara which are so weU adapted to the eelghbonrhoed of London) are still in their beauty. with vigorous gwrtb. They also call attention to the r fine stock of standard and war fruit trees In bmmenre variety 0lso forest See evergreens, and deciduous shrubs of every derosption. and may he seen say slay SundLy excepted) aLt LoughbDough-park Nursery, Ooldbarb3ur.rosmd, Brixton. S. I OHN KERNAN, 4, I reat Russell-htree Cov-is t a rden, hwa much pleammr nainwomcing the srrva 0 ' HY CINTHS and otber DUTOEC BULB , in very superior cndita oew1g to the bi lvt favotrable weather for maturing them, N me but tiose of a decided character bave been Imported. end s q,'i'y of colour and flowering, not quantity t o sedermcri nn-Ites has been the rule of selection. puchasers maLy depend upon bet,ir jriring general setisfeotion. Cabbage, caulodower, tndive, lettuce, oaiou, spinach, turnip, and otbr wteed for present sowing Ale-., olnvir3o-ns spawn, genuine gnano Cnba base, grden knives, &a. ,n sale. For c%talogues applyto1ohn Kernan, reedsman, 4. Great Rlssell-stresr Covoent-garbden, W.. wh o wil I be happy to assaist the pitschaser In his IARE OPPORTUNITY -For SALR!, a LAT±in . A.sftted up with an appa ratus for letter Ostttng no b-as or steel the only one (complatc) in Londonu. The3 pulrchaser wtil be teetruter how to wrork It. Also twvo ordinary Latbc. and one 'p1-el do., w th tools comp!ete, Mybe seen at s3, Unonsree, Oxtord-strct, EDUCATION in FRANOE.-A GOVERN °Ss ,dail. Terms reoucad sccording to=serI lt cmdeced Addzin V.N., ualmicl'ers library. KHin's-road,4 Obsis. 4 ElDUOTIoN.-4 iiftal.-A liad of 20 ye x E rlence, has VACANCIS for thbe DA tGlITE:lt ZEW."IS'Z MEN only. The firt professr attenud. Ieolelve t+rms, 45 to 65 pi&new.Also for a La.dy Boarder, annual terins 60 gIneas. Addres £2la. poD0ofBi0, a,dhas Down. 'iDUCATION (Hlfu hQrter): inclusive terms 4t1 Ead, 45 gaines. -YOUNG 2219S.-The oour of inAmtiaon emnbraoes lagUsh. French, Garen.Iau,l:aU, LoUn.no drowia« p.imtsngF and dancing. ii U o,tes d alo aten.Y. E., Pltrice'a libra.y Tivhsloo, tnen. UDUCATION, £25 per annum. No Vactticns or E Egtrtm-YOUNG LADIB rereive all the oomfortb of a homo with a mound Engizh educatton, including ntude. Under 10 years of ae £20. quarter dated from day of entranoe.-Ocoga, Loar ouse aoe-terrace, Mlidmay-park, Stoke' Newington. jDUUATION-8orno ladies reoeiving a linmied E number of rUPILS bATO VAIANCIE3. A. French Govermne L. reoident, aud tood masters attend, Localitr INs ithUaL reaidenoe good. Tcrns 40 guslusA a ear. Addree A. B. C., Mr Wtlliams' c=rkeeper. it, Royal-bill. Greenmwib, 8.1 ljDDUCATION.-A sound ENGLbsH* FieiH h, and .Lj Gernan EDUCA.TION Is OFFERiD, in a sr=dl and supeor sahool, to young lides from the country, or to thore whoe friend are procleding to india, on moderate terms. eray home comf.frt enn ired A. resldenor at tbe se*-sde duilng the lung aCation. The higbest zefereno,s. A3dreu to G. B., Mess Hatshard's. 187, Plocadi ly. CDU ATION (Hampton Court) forairi-ited nun-h Wb41er2o YOU'NG LADLFZ who are lhbeealy boarded and caref ully instructe in all the branches of a polite and useful education. wits the Anftenion ot the finrt tasnters, Meferences given to the frionis of Dpoile. Terms moderate. Sitation healthy, and cloie to a railwal station. Addres D P.. post-ofiloe, Hampton Court. EDUUATioN 2n FRANON.-Bourbourg, 12 ntaos from St. Omer and 18 from laWs- -Kdlo. PEIt;Nl begz to inform ber friends and the pubic that she bas conlucted her pupils to London, and will be happy to re2eve applications at 6, Polandetreet, Oxford-street. betwen the ours of 12 and 4, from the 31st of Anguit to the 1'1hof iieotember. ?ddlle. Peign6 has a few vsancales in her astablebhment, and requres an aistauntpupti, D1UtiATION.-Tlere are VACAC -IS R in a fipot E clas schoo for YO UAZ<}LIES, - healthiy ltuate near 1,-ndo(tb hrmoeoe,dd. TNrat5atesatte rdene brdnoa are end by the pupils. The wbn'.e Is carred on under the ey of the principal, vend doe attentIon to moco sad siOous training may bo rtiled on Referenc'given. Tcrmsfro*t40o70guInes Address Alphiipo.toffce. 7. Unlofl.t.rraea, Nottig-bilt, W. EDUCsTION,I fo farmhonitc,UN iLAD E Hichamt g*Manor-houre, New-cravm The residence In spacoios and aisry, sTopndedby etenslro plesureagrcdond. A. FrencIt Protestantialad resIdes in the e bitsilsbuent. Professor of eminence attend for the ao'oompliahments. Lectnres aredelivewed on vacloussubjecta. Prospectu and teenm canbe mobtained on applction. ldy or two iste Ucan beiceIeeo Sa pariourboa6rders. onduted bG LADLES, 9Staelerycrescent, NOtttng.ill, Lieuaoo, W. rinduch edbyrs. 3. EBAKEWELI,Anihor of ".ther's Pratb Wt Guide,' &i. Profetssrc are In regnisy attTedamne for the aodmptiaisentsand the enttncet3t l*nguagos. Eeferenoessaregiven only t-s Directs of pupils. In cOn,9seuence cf imlaksea having coccrred, Mrm Bakewe deems It nesry to sdate that her establhment has neter been advertied anon7motscly. jiDUOATo.T0pncploa lt.lsetE24bllsment west of London; In cocaeqencye unfosessen vac%tscies will be Dappy to RECEIVE one or two t. ILe the ng_ ierf of Pentiemen, tt hf her Usrual terms. v tofemor of Wont artnd for dpal, v.bo bas foregng aLrguages and theo igher btncheof sudy. ltuat.irn and rosidence unexoeitional& Pelesrenm to lerigymun and others Address Beta. X01116ljM4 M., 3cueu.tt-a"t Oxfordstrbet, W. ElDUATid-YTo e Btchms rs2 grocers, an 12Theeseamonr.ONrheforillceI oU fGrt-car boaringschool vegrybrantrtully boirtua eol Urbydute, withi ticrfe fteBnk woul bum PhaP e Ra C EIt s the SONd o ensTen cithero the above ba Tefms educatio£. An traccnt iklnd abe Opned, indtretrn abd givon . 8o pArtculase dor Aa car eof Ap-orfice, 3r, gteP. Mtea elfit Pnts. 10 legtytw CAIONAne ve term s £23 pe r , ann - E aespetheS chiol, eithginl miatehig l of to ,The cus fintuto Cl; YiAsf mot ox uhe le.uainrl~n< g teoancen st and sumern lages, snwi enedr nchof a pholitel an o_eflx educain. TheVa tWreat t Ls ainduand tpenal, athe oal eo l,eberally suppid ooedprtmdses ae large pofssessingeory attanvenisnce fce tbe ei omr ands re orstgi o vetheomppirel Addrennt sell Mnentsr.htechre ooudAde-sgtbeatr,et , to. rgeao CetuTo.. n rep a fOD amhous, TInat 1Strl-ealt roo reitBers for plaingatYOUNGoaD,re.sstere,ilvallwk IODJiJTE witht^ twoP6e9: y tounerdaughters, ad 12 year o The. of the lX ad 9 Tovertie,wowl be aed in every arespc an membernD.-s o laesthe ofi a oidn te rness,whte fOr DuD ON.cS u t4 cwb Iwlted.-C~ Tbe hh-houmff singin, music, drawing, an Bd the orenh lau a . ietaern is, enrel Don wasing, BY per qurerU the meet uneO o nable r.efr-ee veryquremd.e Aderet . A.,e, caeo Grynda Warren, the hestamoers,Ir GIEOGEATONGSr.RE. ORn)-IcdmOGG. b teronun romad 1c23nto a4e0rmoineas.-Penow who are notsueeasory thei daghtrs ae slicted o rsita dit-casseatdbllh Par hichan offbers nusaadtantcags p toistethe te i te elthyco r localty onn en eath. antad condcthedir car lady pof upe ior attaine n withaw and Asters" o rte in attendance foroaltsth abeortlysr. mAents wic forare ncluded inm theo abioven`rm.The fi6reuseislrge uuand detahed andteete wthis omesticcomfort, a lofaty ddren Ictee bXh.8 room h,ODIreet Hempsna, M Hrt e s L ttonr Tranquilgv, JlcJ Bcklto-bu fi;t e mfe wesD;O t EofGSrm 'frdom Principalgthem R&-. WIL Ladba OrOALATheo tTI R will C18ME4 enRM bDI Tesday, Septe m iS,yTh highestp edsionalestalent es sengaed ofr te ery gepad atmentofe study vand 1the whondle stem ts lral be wintel- lecis toraining is ubnder ol6ttheimediatdve eruerLiersdeaanceof thprin tba, h haOVisi for many year mdeossefel conducte thereduatio ofV Mladle. ermn E wand orrecgoveress Eeident in tema e obta,ined lofat htr. olndi, freigmnd booselr 20, R^ersi Cs-stree, drAtePFS, to whom ORe aofOr , a mfort trheos od f ItiGtoten uthemnl VeraaobHofme,lem oetim estons, his ersun Loedne.a-lr. GEOren s L,RP9 an ega, natgre oGm . beg to announet ta t., W 1) BA EUM N T-HOUSE LADIE SCHOOL, wiSt'ch-g LD well 1urrey. Suhperior ead sfo ledlon& mh. ardedt oargytan I:nluer audv t eem ls rpeRPannum, Te fobourous afhed witlang and pidleasexe grounds,severa 8bacrs in brtast, Propeetbses may ha haUd' or puis wo'L BOfYwhomTae lrgyen~ cOns wil C1 hortmahof-uha VCnCY foranod w er, ors tdnc bnthes To cthere reba rigbunsual ` carend aentin Ths oert 1sP g o H pe r PHvant aear. our - l,oas*vntagezo b i.s port-office, smel O HempOetead,V H s.dI Address Rev. Y,t3 B>oBUlto-b , iemlsx weblst o Lonon., Principa, theORe' WILLI.M OlOSS,85.4.Tho IOHAEMSGermanil T0usMtNos Eon sMondat. Septrc. 1rorthwenc edutsies ci' thbe sc hfo wil reisuAmeafr the summe voalEcato,andgne puplsoil bNtertE.Z anrilDoa. tDmtng rmetyt We6rn-rad Rdocghtrn.pr^@Ds,dt3t'h}dadro roN PARENTSd LEd f ADS wRALIA.-A My iodow he hldedcn, iECEIVEroug of AigCHREo three YON oHLrE fonr mo-n LDIerSeem, tao whomush iaerall tcomfortsabfeahome, n vinb reryctid vanthgeofrfital banhsao eleet ducation. and hereneftofte bedchatesgef AddressedE Addres, Teo,giuattee, Ramdele.-owd, Citn.grdW. W B. teirsonsureare forCamsidg,- tmarieclrgpmpan,t Wranler nd Sholr, PEPARS fo hooussa fe rrangemen.ot unde 17,and ill ave acanies n Ocober Th higes fowreation con-,sdatlons seoie.-XEY, HSepdembn, H2 ts. e br sayUbe.tDeportet- ededy erman, Tu das Egih al. Th veybetmstr aeiwatndnsn-.t Nec FlnVIchireyroa .D.&rod RR1GEAdrotOie.rincial,8 fiihn salsmn o LjoNga , thr wl GRA VACACES at IrhacluasivTe puple remelc and thle numbaerimted.si The ofPArraNGemetbentieYS inoeo a gorivhoLabote family. Prometn maydn. be ohey iUbe from r Eflaa Wroilded, Roynl augEtchang e ;orbyetrotoght up, may.n Dolel- ob dataned wIththeshighet rfencs who pdrertiesra grauae lunhtoutiot o theycilrenisvdesiryouso tambinge CAdrGe Clthreeaor fou Vyo-n LADIee , whoe wobeulhaveal thW ofro fahm it vr d vantge f frst-las edcatin, nd he resid ftenbet mn ther Eifs reqire. A dres Teo, 1, Rndoph-oad CirfJaes-Carken, PW has eenmad tht cn prmot th helha. nd adiicoo h genilmen ntrused t thei car. A pespeto Il ev. R. B.,pos -,hrhpupmls, am in~ Sxeptember of .Th P ail rofmsr IdattenInclsg them abovae stlshnoreantuar-Geran, Dr.tHse must Italubiotan,tSigf Maro IT rEnh MOoS.-TDo wife omf an Singingya-o1,13.,; Brnkey Xa.&eq;d. hrraw digi n the. ldmeldateso;Dneing,boProldso L'ensioD; gctrdernG.PD. Wo,Req em rm3 o5 una e eboclm. AdTh- the Pcpl o S. Ha mer, ndthelD.hie. ssanoo a'piscipe GRAM=be ManhilyItruedtce.rr SCOO. ncusiv rsteufrnoestiaom-'arndtedesairousnfalACN -d-3a fthehirghegJ in argooet ool about 10 mileas.Adrem Lndn whLW. theey ,l bocesier lbraly,pronied, s-oundly tangt, n el ruhru,mySu objet ataied n te shooeoftheadvenOTryier graducat,embinhoor ofhi RIVATE TUITIforN.he Thrmtes,Public Scho-ols and LMtltarrColges.a counryparectorreidtent fon the Inda det Down, i a lcalty sronly rsom eade:'br Sir Jam es C llar,otsPARESYOUTt~ fr theabov insItuton hs, mlkIn addition ato th TADIES coming Do the Continent for change of air, or with a view to Ibhrovement in FrPnch, German, Italian. neigic, pahtotig &c., wi find at Madame La RariOl's select establish ment for young latiles superior IS5TU1ON to Sa the above branches, combined with Englsh comfots. Terms moderate. Apply lo Madame Le Htariv-el, SS, rue de ba Lb,I- Porte do Louvalu Eros,els Preu eetuses may be obtained at Messrs. Hatohani and iou's, 18 7. Picadi hy London. BENlS ION de FAMILLE, or Fami4 Boar.mng- house ISvr - Gentlemen at Paria,-Thin estabIshment, affo.ning the sdvant.ge of a private famnily, inespecladly Intendpd f'ryoetxn gentie-en. whbosprenta or guardiuas may wish to send tbem to PAris TO COMDplet tbeir education,andauhire a kno'ledgeof tie Mrench laguaRe. Terms from £6 If to £48 a month. Apply to Mon. La Pro. f`-senr (ivir, I Piace Roya1e, Paris. Retere,oe Mona Lo Pastes Yelette, 24. rue i'avke; or to any otber of the Protestant p ios at Prs More detailed prospectuse may be bhad at Moecre JameJ nZiset nd Co s,S 21, BBrners s treet, Oxfordstreet, a ondon. rV WENTY-TWO GUINEAS are the inclusive tenas rat a Sfest cls S OOL, wheom a lited numbor of GENTLEMEN's SIl'N8 recelve a superior education Tee ma3teras a Cam- bridgeand foreign graduates, and pupils are qickly qualified for the public and military examinations. Situation beautiful and very llthy. Hfose large anGd detachd, 1* hour trans London. Treatment mnost lberal. Mod e ot teahing French and German as in the schools In Germany. References tolergymenand others whose sons are at the asdvertlcr'e schaool A p pl by leter to Preceptor, cure of' Mesrs. Ailan and CDo, hoolteollers, Holborn-hiLl jRVATSi TUITION.-St-nley St Leonard's, near btrolid, (iloceterphiro. a hesliby villae about one mile from tao Great WGsteru ANd the Mildnd F aRE seC-H e ReS. RTN Iit'TCEXoit. ti.A, of TrinAty College, baCnhrOdgo, who hes boee eO-pbgad In tution for many years. receiver Into his hours 10 cOdJtsQ , LE IEN, who are treats-4 as members of Ile family, Wtel txuatlSi'. ristlee teers of the French and Germuu languss, anud a lf al d raseec ruaster. Ib, regular attendanuce. Terms acudrlsg to age. The miss: sorfsctory referenes given. MSr. lt. has no parocisal chrrce. Vacancies fr-t three. itHfE GER.MAN and FRENCH PROTESTo T ,. COLREGE and PBEEPARATtRY bClit(OL, s,rore-h ,ue Os..phass-u -sUUOwe. ros.tisue. succesfully to l-reus..re candidates t.r every branch of military or civil tsreice. In tbw institution lie puptis enjoy tlireurrs t the most liberal tseat.neot, aid .-vry e-re t' tho formation ofgentlemanly hbits sn't ln l,,rc- IfI-lO clhtlvtiuon Is itld to n so od English classIca eissliUe,s F d ce,ms-rs,le:sIthucation. and the oultore uf t,erman and French IJ euch a5 10 suclereoe 0-stiely the nects-s'ty or sending chIldren aibroad lor the acntsremaent et these D:rsencr F, rb gr, E.ssc, witi view '5' Pjrenlses &c, apply to the 12 PUPW OnlY We reoMr. i B, dhttDr.,,Bmae otbor emlreen profe Mlrs attendAclde l)letingnlsbed referenes m dmneing,ke WaILv. dr1 ldt7 of (Xfgr duate f ~the um yer. laeoeleb,it-il Dr. 'lt6ioO5 e405e.tion under the GEl.ThE&(BeI tl;n O R b0IV two r 2 tiee thece to read of uaiythteerefortir trotr eand fln degree Addressylttrt P . t h ene rot And t S'-I, llbrary Old J.un.ofzet. ookham forSheappoacingexaInaIonInan;orAll of the l'r.auaaes re qoied eahe wah evealothrsor riatep.Gentl,,ren from the h tilt, ?f.W.014 re.re of t.umberis*rotc eet n,teidnme PPS,to Prepare for ibo public ecoholsth trylo,e ad C-vilceg3ineeftug. Besides the claseir, hitr,gurae.t. natb atlob.HieretanLaand. Frrench are tbe medium of aovrainmtt0eAblh.nd.oa coeerAbe for three dtied otehIhrmrattl rfern.M J,. who for more than 20 er aeac ih neoyu, ete Men for the army direct,baaloacnIst.hi ern,c.tf-reces wyea to officers whOm h a ntutd o at,4r n tem, ad'tr-se 106. Lanidowne-plae rgt the arGimy. fhfWr baaben egood 0 eas I mlitryMoctln.Durlr the pact ya bce atSafihsatan atAdlacmbe-.rcfe~House, Woodiford Iseex.~~~~~~~~~~~ A RMYEXAMNATIOS.A lergmn M.A-.N , mnatadbetnd&dOfronntemb Aat hes traln em begnnea. eherecIvs oly fe th Oon. parl.gthenidatthreo, th Qee'spraedfogte nw fxmaions Inxamnuary. loRerfsree w.~~~~N )ry ANddHie fr oznTlo willR haeen VAo5k :1Reg3a orkTWO REIDNTPU'Iw,atratheed tor SepTebr A he mu dI only thre, Andhwi twrce oraunath enattmention uridng thed laor thre ;earty hen hpetakee F0 genilTo Adetither Isrdotoexainlatio. laeBar. rgereef toeRoal Dr of "adcugv the his'---'wor rtea6y, s. %tddrehWo .D.miantllng,kAttreeorc H. A.Grfna ~4ILITAILY and CLASICAL I!~sTland Son.42 Gentlmen eeiros ofbeingrapily prpare forexaus y to- a SaRdhrT, dicme n te dee Inore tht h Syatewarce o ayyasyh lae!gOap.aln l.tllnIcniu uande uidanceoothfam epeinedm3uten.bepera warL i Praceteigsted alytIn o ad abismSp merob tse adataeo oeiden matler. EAR mNt= ea andIlW trustworthy engagemenrtt, andonypidenfor If theparity c seak Frenc. an fthe advertislerI doao-n law, lateBar-t distr orfr the BoalL Cdour o ar and cast givetthend mhetrom maaacoy rferene. dra ss to 3b)n.-r. G5S Berwlkect eet, OxoD-reetY. lroo Houlorn-iml,oa-tothe reduseopgae, neaor1d eahthe OsyofLsdaTbem ate, ofAme ag th iat pursed wy llud rex rthonrcate mallhos be sMrl &DKuirm In th1'ree onths,Valgngastp BITINGO, wBoohketepdig,a&ui -Pedronou ofblr aeponyge Vth hoverretr ino their wrtnd dprma o n egt t-otbo, famquyre eirmanotya gnoeleghe aDuke and stleo of DeManprt'eri dptedn ather practIed In thle (oDuomntr, enkpcljU nforndmercholsantd ofircai mAth mett ILo LI, Ghr-auc Ap :pltoMr. ment, Cat the nisitIo, the p-. Sword.G TAUQNRinloAbve b y r.ad mg~ uo gttemRG Term moderate aildlre rooms L4re, Ladlerstsudt Goreuqlmu. ami. lides Ldshorlgentleen.dedhoon and m ofala atten.Adri. Th Mr.ot mal,U beL engage,d cnomaittoa tigy. l techngA-Mr G9lS' a.e-MCons.Y, Frlmiso ofal aes tthA oflc prGIvacy and eedtOn,T.talhous,Dby 3Mr. an IMiu.foirYOUNGs onaplDIcation REor b econ togaesthmp. toer rFAt AITTE e GXeS GAINT L. Bara. ByNR J4K6NADON, wh has the dis"Tluhed honour of hroloru andpfowinte, the Inotuctornbanin altheemnds depovaritmentto teAf.ly' Nof hpeir ton r uto' tathi mddrierai of a,tho-sqwIre.)!glt") lie.t amnnd col rattede by andyos of stowns. Adriees Mn. Bfee.34 Clarpeudanrad nOr.h, Now tond-strel. CO ndESofEGIANDC andball PCDC ER THLE BLITLEGO S IR. Bald. BL " he mot p IS&Vw "o t he meos yitrceu n foig ,eandfcontinsgallothe lingnmu ofxceed Itty"LaNwppr R.Meview. D5.1maker-sdree., ooq ILM LEAVIGTHE ILASORRW ANE.B AIOR BRS r Bgelftthe oiswo.rofthe InithElrt Bn wiUTh Inelsegaxtlyega by Chd risySnrtzeds. Prc I. pe fe ChapeliandCo *00,pewbo is-atront. poplait ls omanon"'thu haromOidbtod'setbn whereWorthyo bea n n the CflB,RRY Trt om-Biks andLA tRAh AA f Al h "N ,HanwyNDreetOxoD-er :-NSar of thELGArN-iar, Mutao F%_airydXueord Inveri thus,frosfm Chldhods Hour-Woul"d,0 HerynIo Croteling thew Sook a llad IhOyo. W Gofer-htp Ow Gree .1,Dbding, Isong b0 00ery SothirD& editcna,1 0 Go,Cl.~ n on lik, and mtopudriones,and wl RUd%sse beLth fandoui teatzl onpftor scA rcem" As.o mbiDBo Ee -hisper on Loe-Gtheringr from an the 0Orrecte-1111mOrhulalDrays of CIldor.-o Pulir,shtdttoliuncamla oateofl,InHhHolborn ~Jad ord, n vesrbok postfeeC TUR, Afon1 ofk bcnrd HumUs ew Bus, z, h net ofSotlaundtI. To be mm at'Mr LOit Ingr, Is. theo bOpe hr n aroriir se n the crivrec ltlossoldawy be auD-t .g ehofti footr.c Pu-blishdatteMoi Boqut fIce 17A, TtiGS.- Ho LAKoi,, ad jGdofsret.Gl Regent = habetaildgreat panrcI luoreeens:txble mu ndhern,Otlcmen, 121.i Orod-patree sthtbz.s ' (oeeLe InmsCHnsaNmet.d-A &N splenid P INTIN G, b OLD FANelI,o th Opeing by Prince Ablberto ie Afr ombosutperiderh river totebe Sd).oreAt 7,rWellngtn-tret,hond hteoIn u ble. B. e saYdoxathey so Regl% aenthetreeltu a reat pleanedrt thneing onoble. deuces and under thoir own inspecilo, Mr. Cl7ark has a choice collection of nlctunee at his gallmy. GidIng In all Ittsnranebea DHOOGRPHIC ATLOGE,for AUgut JL 1857, gratis, at J. SOO l' hlsl pial ad ioo gpapicora-rohouce. 22, RdLo-qae pHOTORPI liOReEB O~PMbrce with ea emalnb ereRw and Co, h1,Rabeeplace.W.Prc aeah D[HOTOGRA Y-A complete warrantled A-PJA.L tATUN, £3, tatlng pism~ture4.byblamudund-r nexat tire, 55 Is, taking plctnrwei 6b Itt and under; De=t size, £11 II&..tati.g pictures 9 by 9 and under ; shy-tosls, glass, plates.A., includtd. IP.rbershse are twaught free. and allowed to pracicea tilt Perfect, withus rf ohs-tq mclws. glass rooims &c., and1 it Inonvenient W attend personaly, every instruction. and informoation by letter wrIt be freely l, i.tonp. Pa Ilid meet pot free.-At OILIEIEtT FLE.MIG's.42, li, w OxfordStreet, manufacturer to Her Majestys Hon. BoarsIor Ordnance, Author or Fir-i Steps In Photography : prioe Gd. by lost SOCCO stamps. Appartatusfr stereoscoPlpicpitures,withlatest improremenraK4 It a. THoryErttde,I byhot.gsepb ket Inastock (Then T ine PotheSEEaOE afintu matexriegobjets tigvsbethog ioy Teet cc,d bar..ie t Bri wdloes,b Oft., deep artbae Wieighut und,errSib, anerfectly rhenInone. Prortable aondcn remPtox whenrolded up. iIce GUW r: patrecnwth 2ea facility. Pm d rice SL MaWiSb laad N StTO PrineConont. an. Carro-nlaanu- T chmof GAIN . 119 aud GALVANIZ~IM TThNvM) IRON, In sheets, tflos, Io bmorte, sterus tnk&, Irce, fences, teleramph wince, and storr. Mrerhants and otvehtopee urtel.i _-nfflloce.61. iboorgatoetrrek, B.C..Loudon. ORendE IO,4 ala,lak for every p elbuilding by MOtrEWOOD and Co. Lodon and Briaa~Adi l totte,, to Dowxste Deck, Upper Teaesaeet fIARPENTERS, Upholate-rery,Dcrtos mt adblhNCer ar onandt S.mUPPLY of the varissi kinds of IRONMO NGEItY used In tho,o trae'isre- t owi stoert at 21. ]Dayle-`tr`t tttre doom out of Oxford-street on itG sOuth rie. YOUNG's Birmingham and Wolrerhaxupt 1,d~ ~wk F'jMDD's PATENT IMPROVED METALLIC JL PROTOXIDE PAIgT, tndeesnoctible by lss't, more durable than wrhite lead and ceaeper. T-etlmnonl:nI and gtsci,nOns at she Offies of the Comp:,ny (Limitedl.5, RKing ; lillain-str,4t, B.C The Coin. pany Wil nOt be' responsIble for any h,,nt their own ma-ufacture ALENTIA SLATE SLABS.-ThIe valeotla Slab V Company invite attentioni to their SLAS now soopliss otvcs lar Im n s uos,ad of va oquality, T hey have been uedec at the ms'rwRttsh use . National Gelry BethIeme HospI%aL. 'arms Lunatlo Aslm,Vtho Ordnance Works, Model Prisn, Pentonuille, and othwr Peostentlrc 0* Maltbg lors,in Bedfordshire aLnd HaW ordehlrie. b-eweies the itac Stand at rigton, Fortetnouth Barracks, mnd are kep i sockinlagequacttle, y eare Freeman. 11l1ibank. PiXTUBES andGAS FITTINUS nearly new. J.. suinbe fr adraer.mullue, o facy hu.,r-oss, with shop chars &o, o b 81.1 a les ha thirvals.a'd may be viewed on T WOTURRT-CLCKS or ALE suitable for emal hurhe, pblr uilins. c. wth rich (Wbib Iron or coper ial. Treducs g eihtday. itel ethe hours, mod. of the makr o ie Msjst'aWarDearmet,sn.f,cor,W&, SL Geor,e M ILEI8S an oters esiousof cleaning wheat and thergrai to elelentman e. apecl..by fort.eh should emply th PATINTHORIONTA WtAP{JIEAUI& NG NMA. CRIB E, and DJUIGARLE BI'AItTOIIS,whichefftobrally oth' rubis, ad cnno chke. ppl so5.8 rA S.SI,engineer. AFIRST-CLASS SILVER MEDALi baa lb,-ent A,5'w.sded to NYBK aud Co. Attihe Paris, Universal Kxhbihiron 1855. for their!m'proyed PAT&NT SAUSAGII MAKING And GENERAut AhTCiMM, MACOHINE, for prtxivo families, hoteltetpers &e. P.iae £-1 lOs.. in Pa., and D33s. Also a small0er mnincwr tor Slit- dtnn-r tsboe. to auist dtFpetirlon.cof teeth, Ac. Price from3O&i TostimoJ.Aiiiseta free.-75, Wardour*street, Boho.
0BDER IMM~EDIATELY, price 14., The HALF. " (LIDAY, No. 20, with wbion wtil be proecuted (gratis) a I'DikPO-l tngraying er,tltleO Ur Hs,if-Dolidil't ludian Addresi; to htsi 3Fveiodi. Sent peaBS-tree for 2d. fromthe officea,299.,P.rsnd. ~ULP1T i~o19L~ ~3erons, iz. :-Boo. and Lo8Hyg purge~.n.The Glood ala'. ellbt-Re,J. urry, he pirt i th rtorts. VoL t~X XI. COioinng 00 er,ans is Sd Jon 8. Bbesn,neaLr Apothucarles teUV. C.H.BiUItQEN. Peerless. Beyondsoy popit adrers we ever hard. Should be readl by eye;; OO5."-Adv-rj,er Set among nine of hieelected rermons, for 12 Newsol he Wek.Leadtng &riclee, )? .rei4t UoreelndiuceLitratre.Choivai. rignalNo,els, 5.5. Price, ~nlotrIy,Is.;sln~j numer, d. Ofice,48, lfa-street, b'ixsbary- 7I¶IN G -A New Work onT ing just pub.llshr&-T_ AitTof DOUBLE CONIGou the LiCHE, 8 ew ai-rfIcaton of the Eocentric Chck w Ith 1itllsatinosi, by Ctpt3iu .1JAMiti A11. L. Blooth, 707. Rgt.ret ; ad Hoitz apffel 54lld Co.. 6-,. 0mvingitiiiere. hditTIV -HANu REFM )E so5 S Lid 'LE~ asi to be M-3 itoLY ACQ~UIiED.-CO la' SYSTltA Id morawcntracted thouk ii'-ybmturto publihd taffordl in, Ouse fecdity to f1e lease,r. Pdce)i i6 ,withnuinerous Plates, by pilt fr 18etAulpil. V.*sdL.S. Warr. ~tationers and printersl, a3 Li gh hiulburn. Sizc,A.N'r 8reqiring engagements, gentlemnen Asiavn Ipracttces for Disosal or wishinig to punrchbaeaidialpos :. proeraoio~ bsinat hould obtaIn M.E OtCR Ue,r-4d. orcent by poet furfivea stramps. 1'ubllahe.l sorry Wed eaday. Olice, MO, King W1U..-,-miroret, Strand. £ 'HEs BA?NNKERy,' MAG;AZL.NBI arid 00OMMhzK- I, i,L Of-mItE,r, f.r8opteinuer, contains orticive oathe late new -Laukins i Lift, A.sur,r..re the Liank Chakrter Act, sud othsr topica canx ectel I ith filiasci.1 sad cmmercial allaird Full repurts amv ru,mi.bed of ,he v.rioua lolut-dtock bank -nilc other uine,,tags. Grjocabridge as,i *ons, Paternooter.row ; andA all betokbellers. RNARES, A3utlliahabid, (Jawnpore, Agra, DelAl.- BM uch ivr ianm 1. egaritua lhue Iuiprtu, sittionas san , many copies of qo, 'sconl edition, with ioap. may be nod of WV. Thsacker and ,C..87. erat-t et, Plri,e i2a. (frHE ECLECTIC REVIEW frSoerae, rc I. is i.to ,w otis:i rg' I.r0Ies- Sardinia: 4do Ph3bicai a, d I'uliticii 1,11a -3 Csih obder-4. Stivan the bleeper-5. Life In Chi,n,-6. Gru-yeiona Correspondencee-Quarteirly Bevie of Urema, lAtterature-Brlef Notices, of New Boolt, &.k -Wa sod (r.. 27, l'ateruosterrow. CijHAiI 14i3j`5d $JOURNAL, No 192, &aturdsy, 6ep. ten:tw, I. (lontntet 3--The South Kensiegton Museum-Ttoo EHltges Word-' ild Sawa New Set-boctnl Progress at tho Antipodes-. Pinrt Article-- F~tew Worda te Touritea-Kirise W.bbe. the Privateer 'Captaln-A Tate. Chap. VL.-Poetry and Mi-ceilleee. New and .greatly jumlrorwtetieliou of Obsacabers's Information for the People,Noi. 45, Fiahori,rP. trier l,d. qL6bQ I C.ITORS'J OURNAL and REPORTEi A o. 76, tor this day, continins:-Leadilsg articles, the Mtoo l,tanad Provinc-el Lo%w Arenodaiion Loyd Brtgm'sanrpc 33ill-Lesi, lation uii the Year-A Summery Isf theb e' e5a es 'Re-eat 1).a4voeins Uahancery-ProfcralonAlIteleo -oew Iteport-ciurr,syonec--aei, rRe rtofassdcedn tho Superio,r Co~.r.Piei. r ihu h eot,S.Pb lished at the modl3,Carysre,WC ,CRI1flAMi, on iRON SHIPBUILDING, willW be puli`ll bsti:, October, by Mlr. Weole iu folio ir. The enermy. Logs will cienpi leu sectiunal and detailed pla3tes, autflltiently elucidated for use i tuei uci* ~ruotnon of Iroxn chips of anyjimeruirons, Which, tnogetber willh the text, in a small sleparate Volume, containing a histOrV or uon eMiip,.o. rik of oonatructieo. deseittittn of engravingis, epecid-. cationa or -"'i t,oon uean. Liopsi'a a ulton,, rersase on %he coin. paw&, &c, fi,l finrmi a cmixprehtensive work Onl the Subject Of irisn-bzlit ehlps. PcI,. t ,~ulsribers,on payment by remittance I,reviOua topuxblication, ±L W vnolS eatou. Pence £1 Bs. or el zsi-tO. H-igh Hoibor ~HE rCI{NICS' MAGAZINE f or Saturda, .3. Sete.,i.r i o.1,778, Vol. 67, price 3d., coocains :-Terry,irE Chinsy -c awig,9pliting, and Binding Firewood (Illiustrated)Britsh oo,iuooforthe Advancemenit of Sclence-Stoam.eahlp Booniny.By Aibrto, Esq.-SubmarlGe Telezr.zeby-TelegrpVn Commnni'ciou It ndia-Boat Lo,wering App.ratus-43clentlde Yantic- AiroomielObeervatlons-Timber.Borlug Macbtlue -Redocorsfortia.llhts7sr. Prater on Souod-Bciontilic Questions. TeeCadi. tc.toeterwith IeecrDtiiOnnof Nlumercue e Ine tio,, atentLin,, s.The Edtors assist Inventore Inobang eetengdeelgnis.-RobetrUoh, Brooman,aniC gab n aet offic-es, 166. lrleet.aireet. London. T'I 'ME Oi1A'L)ICAL TIMES and GAZfTTE -of this a. day I istirday), Sept. 5, cont.ins -Original Lectures by Jceeph 'lonbe, Fil.., n te Diseases of the Ear, end by Professor kHuxley, N.Bf.S.. on NaturdI t1istory-A.rmy eWMeil Reports Oil eome of thle essena Admitt" into -Melts Eo~ldtsl during the Late War-Obaerva. tlone on Duseweir of the I(nee-Joint, bY P. C. Price. Es.-n n juriea and Di-tases of the FiDgers, by J. C. Words-trtb E n.q -Roa. 'ital Practi,': . Editorial Artleles on Syphilisrstion Tio OKennars .llarof G,:arf i.,i -The Jiatio.al Association Jer the k'romotioa o1 Pocial Sciet.ce-The Etieca ot Plolsonous Ga&ses-The Relnuhertioue of (loonee.Iteies- elctinsfrom Forelgu Joiumnals-Forelgu Cor-. reap'ndemo- Proceeodings of the Bnitich A.rooiation in Dnblin-&fedi. eel News. ftc. B1 ept-.l-er. 1857. 4tu, price eswedaIs Contents:- AlarpePlate a. Six variutise or Steamt Eagines, by Mitsers. Beihasse sad. Co.- Amoong the rseot pAtents3 areJotuson's Steam Engines, Muir'e Moalding, Glandn,.,ati'a Overshoes. Owen'e Gas, R-enne'i Enginee, Pistilllew'sBre,J. Crbeietoun'd Heat. Stewart'e iiontl-ing. Hutton's TirearmeIteis, redLitelea: icre Jak, otte Corker, Chaff COuttier. Umbrela Fatenr-Reiswe of Nw '.orks-Correapotidetooe.. A N APPEAL for ~~th INDIAN ARRY.-Tise BID ,ofthin day, (enlarged toll2pabgusprice 4d, sitbamped Sd.. coiio leVIew and Plaiot ot. Marks Church. rexlarn-A Sntr dmi-a required immediately for India-Tombs and Mdonuments in Lot dnArt In the Parks-The Britishi Archieological .A eociation-Voirelgni Art lmntetllzrkns-The Maerble-pzoduning District in Italy-Te;e V,-icre of Oldtdd imxtiis-Dhreob Railway Comunlcuallailon between Zingiabd atid Iudla--The Scaffolding o1 VictorLs Tower twith 31hustratl D.) - Ratiroa Brldgoa-Metropolitan lfewerit.Inarectl6n, ot Srmoden Dreixiina-ru-provernent in Street Lamps-The Wellinugton M'onument 0C'lat-etlton-The Poor Boyso and Girls of London-Ohurall Bedlding anni Provincial News, fc.-2, York-street, Covent-garden, and to I sa ha d s-f a il be k i,bliers._ _ _ __,_ _ _ _ _ _ HEM INEE-Rof Friday,4t Seem r,cr tb:DeralDtI0n3eof EdWin Clark's Slachidnery forhoaiing '.asires-WiiDens' knevoiving Batteiry-Cator's Stesmn Boiler- Bese. t nean Cmyvo." I -nfctding Iron Motd 8leel-Geo. ige aing. I n o. ss". %ht ngss-e-- Barlow and Woudibousm's Perrmanent Way, and Hl,llator,e i, lectiro Te!egraph (all fimstrzotesl-Ortainal .hrticleson Ibe Atl.rntic Cable-The Indian Teiegr,pris-The Main Drainage of Loo,d,u-PnomaoitJn of National Science-The Care of S avery &r. 1Inil Report of the British Arsociatlon Mleeting at Dublin, wi-h o4itnus Abitrects of Eoveral interesting Papeia read be ore the itfller.et rectieow-Artilesl on British India (No. 41-Weoz'aps betw en alati, ard Naples, Ac P.-ter,t Journal: Meta and .',o'r Mhreeti-Irsdes of Birmdingribm, Wolserhstmpton. and other ,zisitriota-1hotes non the Es-tern ousnties, audi all ti:e Engineering New-s of She Week Primo OlL. Btimped 7ll. Volumes 1, 2. and 3bow red,a ehd 'orow the oillce,or of any niews agent cc hooailielr.- PPad ut,.inilsber. 3011. I trand. lo~ndon. ITHkE itAN (hT, of this day (Satuirday), Sepr. 5, con- A.tains: - Dr. T K. Clamnbero's Sixth Lecture on the Managemeat ot Digestion it, L'ienao-Wbst has Pathological Anatomy done foc Nedicine and.,iurgery, hi Mr.Gant - On Ectr-opion, by Mr. W'Ordawo-th - hates on Coos of Ruptured Pecinsmumn, by Mr. J. If. Brown-The B,idemlc, I'y Dr. l'liiduck- (h. a Useso of Eiceplbalocele. by Mr. J. Z. IL3urence. 'i~lli eioeraving-Mr.Wouslsworth on Woundiof the Popliteal Arter-Mr. F-i weninclon on Subuongual Exostosis of the Great Toe'Irvatmentit, Tio-douloreox-Rteerrent Lpichlilomia of the Lip-The lItluecnce of H ealt-u. Disease-UreabmB-ectal Fistuto-Artiticial Peest -Hernin-like 8lirolllng of the Itolnod i-gament-Absnoptlun of a VrcsiSwru,.- ieexisonofti.0Eltbow-Rtevie,rs of NewBiooks'lbs Comsi,,-,ssf Lunacy and the Treatment of InsBanity-The Ailverisa Quacksanti their Viititos-Cheap Physic-ClottIng Well"WeathercWt-1,- I1lUlNcOen fOr Wound(ed 8oldiern-Yellow FeveirPauper Lutist it,..etNo)rwich-ThOe fatoryof lbsCase ofDr. ltavebal :Rall and the Pu',sa M -item Appearnaecr,with an i'l-,istration---?dc Molt sou Mx. Iaurei -Wis are ofrlfscepbsslocele-0a Naval Medical Appointmeints, by Mlr. Keels ande others-ltieeditsLry Foruitatlors-Mr. FL 'g. -on 0 the Marhall 1itall Method -The Medical Newsa and Diary of the Week.Pr- 7.1 plin St tme. blished at teLnt-oflcoe, -43. Strand. Loudru ; ud to be ha-i of all newhsendore thiroughouxt the world. F m -ju I8h bi.REN CH NO EL,i S o.,jst publised, par lb' DUMAM, File :-La Dame aux Cautelflas, ion Avanturea de *.buatre Feroon,en Lo Vie a Vingt Ane. Anitoine, Trots Hortamealforts, L,a Dame stix h'led. Lo Docteur Servaus La Diaue de L)aLe Docteur ldorteL LO B,nain, 'W'ne Feoms,.Is. - caL ac,or free by post on receipt of ha. .-. It. szan-ps. Catalogues gratis . Rbert Clarke, foreign bosoh seller. 21. lriociilane, city, E. IJ,Y A13l1"GTON's PA.'NORAMl( VIEW MA~P .1.o0 IND IA if you want a correct Idea of the country, all the points o1 Insurrec iuo, bl ilitary Stations, Telegraph Lines, ass Riven, and It affords bett-r itofu ntation than can be given in a mere man ;it in tinted in f.uri colours., Price Is. lit.Lonidon, G. Abington4, ZSho. lana Fleet-scriet. -(0COE 'it I3OKELL~SAi6INU-ON's A. PA.NltA3l C Vi WMAP ofINDIA,price Is. 6d., Is now needy, pritedin oern.iurs cio seetdew; asoAbiEogtou's Panoramic 's ew da oftheCuwtr mnd elb, ric i.6Sd. ; CaPt. Lawrnce's Miltar Pso f Ietl. ric I., ourh diton s ow reedy. Travelhog husesliberlly rtato wit. Lonon, I. A ingo, 4, Shoe-lane, F,iCiN1s- IiAN D LED)GERS, journials, cah books,~ day boots. or.. lien than half the price,,f n)ew ones ; also secondhiid oopyinp rlever- amd Use-proofcaftes for sale ; oream-latld riots- pea St- ff, or &S.; envelopes, is. and 4s,Oil, per L.OW. -J. B, tLI~Ekni-uace,~ii, tatone. 7 i.Critthedfrianss,Ba rk-lane 'r I ' sEtE U1I1D of this dycnat ulRpr8o J. the Wei-k's Doings on the Ges or-awc ae-h I.ccust -ansi ail the Sp,rting. Nara lte.fc,ofheW-.Pie Wd.. s- r a cot' free for tixn ,ttemns.Of ce toSlfsxt.tanWC TURACKEkV OVRADNWS.-T15faort 3A. newsptyer ia ubllshed in time for despatolt to in,dia by every mal .rc Oil 'with Marretles postage. znl;1 Ots ubecniptlun inadvvio -, lincloding postage, ills.Orestbeadsedt V.. Thacker i,sa - .'., East India agenlts, 578 eet-cet ga iE olcit ; nud unvarying fare' redi 3L' T.WEEKLY MIOSeIENGER. publishe eery Mouday afternoon, containing the sat- t aLd fullest topurso the Mark-lane. Metro. iplitan,Catlet,ispi OmniirybMarkets, withe thenews of the week.- UOfiee, 2 hew rlriage-atroet. Blackfriard. Toehohad of adl newsmen isv towssorei"mvr,y. I ATEk-'i' 1IENN Sfrom INDI1A.-Thc-9NEWS of the IAWORtLD. l.tt,ly t,wirepaper. Prico-unnstaul;*d, 24. ;stamped for poet, IS. lb, largest circulation of any newspaper in the world. ar proved b-y n- n.t official returus puibibed by ordler of the Hlouse of CoQmmons Prjitc4enli a niew and elegant type It contains all the la-oat and unit interstinug news of the week, with a well.coliderssed dlieetf lnrdlcsrsi Paliaent Ittandisflretiin point of cirula. ti.onitof all te jiournals exclusively dedicated to the pul-ho intelligence ruateg rsbusire"' of a newspaper, thus olferiog the most desirabla e m.esIu, estet for the intronuotiou of advartlaenenta..-OfficMn IV., Exeter-,treet. Strand._______________ ISvfo -3' e3 r~_vening ofpublicaation,. .V at.- thre on e; do. t heoB venDIn ug Mall. a rr,,Ivetrio 'mT'h t Ntess, Dortd fre every Mouday, Wednesday, and FridaY evening, at 6Ls., piLd ti aiysuoe to W. DOERS, uews agent, 22, asrket-see, yiatfar, W.; t,eWbl]ed 1IM0. Advertisements inerted in The Timeg. X-YD)NEY MORNING HERATL. - Messrs. ft.J ALIA Eand STEIcET, of It, Clement's-lane, Lombard-steet, bee tbe APPOINTED A(fGMhTS to recive advertiemeuts and sub. crtiptions fOr t his oullictaon.-Herald ooll ee, 8Sdney, May a 1857. FiSOPlCNXERS and OO.iPOFilTORS.-A demy s and Aibion Pof:il, with the whole of the Plant, Flxturs,.b , and bgusees, to be 80LD. Coming inabout £,0. For partiOularsand eards to view apply to Mr.Gibson, hoursagent, 21, lTpper iing-streeks R!oomnbnry. 7T1O PRINTARS. -WANTED, a SECOND-HAND T B SNNGL;. CYLINDER GRlPPER Mt4CHINE. which an be Sv.rranted in goK'- cudition and to make perfect regitetr. A Napter, )DrBden, Co-sp-r, or iloktinson prelened. Sice, demy nr doublo foolscap. Apply by ietter to G. C., care of Hlughes and X;lmbt, Red Lion. oange, sleet-strs t. TPO PUBLISHERS.STEREOTYPE PLATES 3. PRBINTED. at Is. 6d. per 1 oeo, deoy bizer: 7r. 6t. per 1,600, doable fooip esze, by T. SAT 2is, 'Leasr.buuidiaz, Neuw-streetFenses E 0. -PRINTING iTi DORSETSHIRE..-At the Exprems General Printinga-ooe, Dorchester. aU kind of L;TTRte-PRgSS fAlOING ar exetet0 with punctualianddeepatch. Inthebest Style, and on terma loer than any bou5e in Englandwamten-16 ggeis Svo. dewy, in ptca, lb0 copies DBDer included, ls Wit? Ave beors of Londe either by the Great Western or fSnth-We Yatimrtes torwarded ATKINS, printer 1,obeEeter, Dorset. TBRINTING.-ESTIMATEt; and SPECIMENS of JL LETTRB-PRBEsS LitbograpbIc, and Copper-piate._OD9L, pad 'lj, 1I, PrinPic -nereet, Cavendish-squure, W. LOBES.-By the Qumeen'a Royal Letters PatentBTTS's PORTABtLE GLO SE, wbich, by a very simple meosb% ISal arrangemeut, san be expanded or collapsed In a few seeondsoocu. Imyingbut litteroom tboes not requiredf or use. Tbey are four ft in wconomference, beautifully engraved on steel, and printed in varnish o ilaua Prioe l2s. 6i London, John Betta, itS, Strand; or throagh any bookseller. Q TAiED GLSS WIDOWSfor the MILLION. Instead of staining thse rIs we ebon a tranmpsrent materileasil appiewd by an person. By thiS method, fwith equEa permanency, vmsobtain sopenler finish, richness, and beillianey, ate tStbeofthooo6t Peesiastlcal, G,othbt4 tsinoril,l and Fmc resib dne hrw cburl bait. sir eoe.a ratr windewa.hsll lampsl, window pIctures, ko. Deciptive bGOoks 6-i. free.-WHBIT ad DALTON, 62, Babotns plaoe,
TRADE REPORT BY THE LEEDS CHAMBER OF COMMAERCR. Wooum~ TtAD-Muc cauionLEE-DS, S-ry. 4. WOOLLN TRAIL-RCh "uionhas been observed in the conduct of busines for some time PaLst, antd daring the lastmonth asteady trade hasbeen done--generally speaking to a profit. The continuedl upwardi tedency of the woolmarket has in some measure est-ablished an advance in the price ofgoods, arnd the present abundant harvest, in oon nexion with a desire on the part of our manufacturers to adopt a. MOre limited amount of operation, bids fair to inSure a wholesome state of trade for the next few months aind mnore remuneratI'vepros WOOL.-The pubtpc sae of wool which havea taken Place since the 16th of Jaly, and 'which finally closed on the 22d ult., have resulted in the disposal of !bout 82,000 hales, at an avern#e advance of 2d. per lb. on the closing or dearest period of the preceding serise. It is a fact worthy of notice by the woollen trade of this district, that a large proportioa of the highest priced and best conditioned wools were taken for export. It may likewise he noticed that the importstions of wool the prodace of Germany are gradually decreasinig. Since the saes the wool trade has boeen very firm. The officital tables lately issued -by the Boardi of Trade gvthe following comparison of the imports and exports ofvl wool and wroollens (not worsted) In each oftethree years of 1855, 1856, and 1857, daring the seven mnh inl eachl of those years endling the 31st of July WOOL. LIMPORrS. lb. lb. lb. Colonial . 50,174,511 ..61,913,084 6. 7.700.693 I85. 1856. 1857. EXrOsRiuQ lb. lb. lb. Foreign and Colonia . 16,575,208 . 14,293,52 * 19.07t3,t Home . 1a,962.224 .. SK0669 . 9,905,453 Total . .2.352.. 31501 * 28,978,387 WOOLLENS. mnn'oaRS. 1854. 1I50 1857 Articles not made UP value: .. s. . 473,05 '.. 8.241 . 5,1 Articles wholly or partially made up .. weight: lb. 17.133 , 14,470 . 12,171 Ex?orLTS. Foreign:Articles not imade up.... value .. .. £e 1,155 . 7,569 . ,6 British Cloth of all kind .Adeclsred value £ 3; ,297,817 1,633,029 .. 1,M,107 British mixed stuffs,flan- nels blankets and carpets value: . £-.; 1,598158 .. I87410 Z42. 1 Goods entered at value: £ 129,216 . 208.178 .. 19,240 £E2,785,45 3,869,184 4,553835 PLAx.-Tbis department of our loclal manufactures is In a sound, healthy state ; all hands fully employed. The Famples of flax of the now crop have come inX andt promfse fairly. IMPORTS OF JLAX A"l OTHER VSOKTARLTI Winsua Seven monaths ended Slat July, Flax andtow or cA ao 1855, 185. 1857. Hemp amd tow of hemp, 6,4 Cwt$,.. .. .... 385,885 .. 178,381 2.53,188 jute and other substanoes of the nature of hemp, ewis... 44,816 .. 409,971 3, 29,72 Tolal cwts.. . 1.167.667 . 100,9 .216,0I,5: EXPORTS or LINcxx AID LLN-mr. YAsurs, Linens (clothes of all kinds) and cambr.ics, value .. £1,538.042 2. ,486162 . 2,r691,U23 Lace of thread, thread and trmall %rares, value .. 54170 .. 236,95S 23,4 Linen yamn, valus. .. 55,209. 724,85 9. 27,483 TOtW . ..£3687,421 3,407,97 3,797,003 IRNo AND MAcnom- TnxtAms.-Slnoe the last notice of the iron trade its various branches have continued in a healthy state. With the orders in hand and the steady demand, as well for homae as for foreign aupply, there is evey pospctof stadybuines frsome time to come. Thepreentsatsfctoy sateof heflax trade has gtven Soeve Months, ended July s1. 1855 185 1857 Copper, Ore, and Reg. nlu$, tons .5 . 1,250.% 42,88 . 50,973 CoDpper, uawrogat and pint wrought, cwt'l' .. 73,604H 58,318 556)0 Iron in tens, unwioutht, tows.. . . . 9,226 .. 10.443. 1,8 Steel, unwrought, tons 505 .. m9 .. 18 I ead, pig soad sheet tens 4,378 . 4,253 5. ,873 Spalter, tens . .7,358 . 7.951 . 9,195 Tio, in blocks, Ingots. bans, ewin .. 19,680 .. 28824A 21,00 EXPRTS rs s METrA., to. Coppe-, uuwronght, in brieks, pigs, to., cwte, . 61,421 .. 73418 . Copper, sheets andiusils. In- rluding mixed or reflow install. owtl 185,44IM 9 .. 55,176 .. 65404 Copper, wrought on other sorts. Owls... .. 14,144 , 13,918 .. 30,769 Jinas of all sorts, Swts. . 8.190 %.9,23W 11,421j (lopper,ounwrought and part wrought (not Brit. IBM cwta. . .'12,194 .. 18,267 .. 25,556 Iron, pig, tenLs . . 180,851 .. 5,670 . 253.570 Iron, bar, bolt, rod, teas., 295,292 . 418.373 .. 487,704 Iron, wire. tons ..... 3.059 .. 5,15 5,733 Iron, cast, tens .. . 39,823 . 39,068 . 45,903 Iron, wrought, of all sorts, tons.9 . .. 0,692 .. 18.11 .. 16,031 Steel, unwrought. tonts 9,261 .. 12,651 ,. 14,626 Lead pig, rolled, sheet, and shot . 1 .. 4,152 . 1,312 .. 14,92 Lesd ore, red and white lead, and Iltharge, tons 3.029 . 3.461 .. 4,692 Tin, unwrought, cwt. ., 16,553 .. 9,753 . 28,0U1 Tin Plates, declared vallue £014,952 . 867.54 47.840 Tin (not British) in blocks, Ingots, bare,or slabs, cwt, 3,2 NO 11577 *. 2 Machinery- Steam engines,declared value .. ... X513.CC 4299393 .. 634792 Other sorts . £694.X6651 . 918,063 .. 1.44603 LE,ATHER TRADE.-An active demasnd exists for most descriptions of le-ather, and stocks are again reduced to the daily supplies of the manufacturer. Shaved hides, dressing hide, kps,and igh buts hve dvaced ld. to 2d. per lb. Heav buts ad ofal ae satioaryin price, with a fair demad. he equiemets or amy urpsesand for export whch re til inreaing(ric tb i 0iujoied), wil cerainy mintin he resnt ighrange ofprices for a SInpotrs OF Has ASND LrATEmsx AU.-uvAcrtuss Seven mouths9 ended 31st J'uly. R des, untami1e5d 185 0. i 1857. D)ry .c wta. 9,048 .. 117,547 ., 120,693 vet . 23 31,149 ,. 213.395 ., 289,41.2 H des :-Tanned, &c. tex. oept Rumssi hidesl lb. 2,150,194 1.5S2,66). 2,188,490 L-.ther Manufactures- Boots, Shoes, and Go. lo,hes .. .. Pairs 78,359 .. 14.179 .. 117.379 BOOt,Fronts. 30 00,059 *. 365.421 .. 419.381 Glovese . 2. 2 923 2. 3438,138 .,3,003,373 IA ather, Tanned, tin- wroulirt .. .. cet. 14,873 . 19.401 . 26.813 Leather, Wrought .. lh. 1,759,95.. 3,528,148 4..4716.872 Leather, Sadler,v and Har- ness, declaredvalue ze 1323,15 . 130,750 . 159,723 Lether Manufactures (not EritibhivI7. :-Giovea Pains.12. . . 17,287 .. 191.100 .. 29,6025 The imports of corn for the seven months ended the 31st of Jtly of the present year have been :-Wheat, 1,574,047 qus-ters ; barley, oats, and maine,2 471,444quartera ; wheat meal and flour, 1, 172,748 cwt. The import of raw cotton during the same period have been 5,846,610 owts., and of cotton manufactures (not made up), value declared, 355,2151. ; of raw silk 6, 5062151b. - thrown Silk, 417,9831b. ; of European silk manufactures, 467,4181b. ; and of sil manufactuLres of India, 268,3.54 pieces, which itema shows a decrease of 82,940 pieces as compared with the number imported during the corresponding period of last year. Among the articles of large export from this cunt ryaay be quoted beer and ale, no fewer than 27,967 barrels, represented by a declared value of te97,19664, having been exported during the sieven months ended the 31st of July last, ra far greater proportion being consumed so Australia than in any other country to whic these beverages are exported. The exports of cotton from this country go on increasing te a gret extent, 1,205,714,004 yars o caics, ambic, mslis,fustians, and mixed stufs,repesnte bya dclredvale f 17,282,8654 having E Inda 01 otto yarn100,37,341b..at a declared periedl in this year; two of the largest component items of which are 29,7.5i,5431b. taken by the EHanse, Towns, and 20. 013,7831b. taken by Holland. The exports for the same Period of silk yarn and mnann. factures have been :-Twist or yarn, declared value, 2?9,8711.; thrown silk, 592,7721. ; silk manufactures, 818241. ; being an increase in this last item of 400,0001. value since corresnonding period in 1855. Silk manuLfactures of India, 194,9561.; uropean (foreign), 13,6404 and manufactures of silk mixed with other materials, 341,5004. The total declared value of all articles of British and Irish produce exported from the Unitedi Kingdom during the sevenx months ended the 31st of July in the following Years respeotively was 1955 186 1857. £5l,202,705 63,954642 73,021,913
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to a remark in your money aicle ot to day respecting the injury likely to occur to the Atlantic Telegraph Cable from a pasage through tbe tropics, we would remaark that every ounce of gutta percha used in this Oountrv has already passed the tropics in the holds of vessels, and we never recollect an instance of aihesion between the smallest blocks of the raw niateriaL We may also mention that large quantities of gutta percha covered telegraph wire have been shipped to various Indian ports, and never to our knowledge has the slightest damage occurred. We are. Sir. Your obedient -A--f xTIE GIJTA PRIWM. n Gut Percha Company, Wharf.roa-, City rmad, Sept. 4.
I THE SHEPFIELD OUTLERS' FEAST. The annual banquet given by the Master of the Sheffeld Cutlers' Company, to celobrate his own election as President of that ancient guild, was held in the elegant haUl of the corporation on Thursday. These time-honoured festivalst affording, as they frequently do, to endnent politicaus an op. portanity of making their views known to the conntry when the functions of Parliament are suspended, aomotimes posseos certain features of general interest. On this oocation, however, a falling off in the number of distinguished guests was observable, and tho after-dinner speeches, although not absolutely sinking to the level of the thousand snd one gatheringz sacred to mere gastronomy and g0Od fellowahip, yet suffered a corresponding deterioration in quality. The most noticeable gap at the festive board was caused by the absenee of Mr. Roebuck, the leading local member, whose dolicate health, coupled with the recentness of the late laborious ression, rendered it 2mprndent for him to encounter the excitement of a publio meeting. The Duke of Norfolk and several other important personages were also kept awvay by aimilar reasons. There were, however, upwards of 200 gentlemen present, among whom were-Lord Wharnoliffe, Visoount Goderich, M-., Mr. E. Denison, MP., Mr. G Hadfield, MYP., Mr. T. Hankey. MLP., the Mayor of Don. caster, the Mayor of Sheffield, M1r. Wilson Overend, Rter. Dr. Sale, Alderman Dunne, Alderman hatthews, Mr. R. N. Philipps, Major Thompson, and other officers of the 7th Dragoon Guards, &c. The chair -was hled by Mr. W. Hutchinson, the Master Cutler elect. On the removal of the cloth the usual loyal toasts were given from the chair, and warmly responded to. The CHARMA- then rose to propose "The Army and Navy," and ws About to preface the toast with some remarks, vwhen the military band in the adjoiningapartment incontinentlystruck up "rheBritishGrenadiers." The muic, though alittle premature, wasat least"eloquentlydnsooura,JI and the worthy president, probably fearing that oratory ater such an ebuUi ion of h zmony m3ght suffer by contraty, good-huxocredly wraived his Intended panogyrio on tho sister service. A special bumper was, how ever, called for, at the In,stance of Mr. Denison, I.'., "To the European Officers in India," and with the addit;on of this " rter." the toast eliCted an enthusastic response fror the assemblage. Major TiHo03rUo5i, in responding, assured the company that Englishmen, whether on shore or aaoat, wouldever strive to do their duty, so as to merit not only the applaue of their countrymen, but the approving smies of their far countrywomen. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible to speak to a toast like this without adverting to passing events in India, Few of them had read the account of the atrocities lately perpetrated in that country without re-echoing the words of the EATl of Westmorland at Agincourt " Oh that we now had here "But one ten thousand of those men in England "That do no work to-day." (Cbeers.) Such was yesterday the wish of the regiment to which ho had the honour to beiong, and, as if in answer to this feeling, that very day there camo an order to him and his comrades to prepare for immediate embarcation. (Cheers.) He sawv beore him the crossed swords upon their Dorough shield; and he accepted that emblem as an onnen that his regiment would soon cross swords with the ruff&anly mutineers in BengaL (Renewed cheers.) In Sheffield there could be no difficulty in sharpening their weapons (a laugh), and in his corps there was many a wiling heart and stalwart arm to use the blades that God and their Queen had intrusted to them. (Cheers.) Such of them as survived the approsching coDflict would look forward to their next merry meeting, and when that happy event arrived, it might be years hence, he trusted that they would be able to give a good account of the cowardly ruffians in India, to show that the British armY had again done its duty, and that as forming part of that gallant army the 7th Dragoon Guards had not been found wanting. (Cheers.) The CHAIFzi%.N then gave "The Health of the Duke of Norfolk," pointing out the peculiar appropriateness of the toast, from the circtunstanoe that his Grace was unfortnnately prevented by indisposition from attending that feast. (Drunk with nech cordiality.) Mr. ELLIeON, agent to his Grace, acknowledged the toast, Sssuring the company that it s the noble Duke's anxious desire to cultivate the most kindly relations with the town of Sheffield. Mr. C. HAL, senior warden of the oororation of cutlers, next proposed "The Health of the Duke of Devonshire," and Mr. C. CHxnmrts, the junior warden, that of " The Earl Fitzwillism and the House of Wentworth," which were both duly honoured. "'The Elealth of LordWharncliffe and the House of Wortley " was introduced by Mr. ELLIsoN, whohoped that the present bearer of tho family title would emulate the bright example set him by bis lamented predecessor. (Cheers ) Lord s A.N,cLrm expressed his high appreciation of the hearty wrelcome accorded to him that day on meeting the Cutleor' Comp for the first time since he had attained his new postim t wrould, he further observed, afford him sincere pleasure to cnbteas far as lay in his powrer towards the health and well-being of that borough, and it was his intention to continue to the towrnspeople of Sheffield, with some modifications which would be advantageous to them rather than otherwise, the privilege they had heretofore enjoyed of inhaling the fresh air o Wham. diffe. (Cheers.) The noble lord concluded by proposing in suitable terrns, " The Health of the laster Cutler." The toast was cordially received and briefiy ackow. Iedged. Mr. W. WAKE then gave " The Health of the Members for the County," remarking that efficiently as the West Riding had been representd for many years past It hbd never been more ably represented than at presnt. (Cheers.) Ir. Dinssov, M.P,, as the senior member, was the first to respond. He had to thank them not only for the compli. ment they had just paid him, but also for having returned him at the last general election -without a contest-the highest honour that conld be oonferred on any commoner Hte had invariably endeavoured to do his best for those whonm he represented, without favour or affection to one political party or another. The West Riding of Yorkshire had by far the largest constituenoy in the united kingdom, and the man who either would not or could not afford to be independent of Ministers or parties was not fit to be one of its members. (Hear, hear.) By a most wholesome rule polities were pro. scribed at these gatherings, and he certainly had nointention now to transgress; but he might bo allowed to observe that in the short session of Parliament which had just closed three or four most useful measures had been passed, which, although they did not involvo any party feeling, would yet contribute materially to the welfare of the whole country. He had told them at the late dissolution that Lord Palmnerston was the fittest mnan, under all the circumstances, for the post of Prime Minister. (Loud cheers.) Without reference to polities he thought so still. (" Hear, hear," and a laugh. ) That noble lord waes the man for the occasion,; he was, in short, the right man in the right place. (Rear, hear. ) At the last banquet of the Cutlers'(Compny they had present in that room several military men who took a prominent part in the memorable Balakiva charge, but who, after all, formed but a small portion of the gallant band which bore, uncomplainingly aU the privations of a Crimean winter, and helped to brng the Sebastopol expeditlon to a successfull iLno. Little did the company present then think it would so soon be their lot to hear the awful tidings which had lately reached us from India. (Hear, hear.) Over the fearful, the revolting atrocities committed on helpless women and children by the mutinous Sepoysthose greatest scoundrels on the face of the earth-he wished to draw a veil. (Rear, hear.) He preferred to turn to the conduct of the European officers, civil as well as military, whose valour, energy, and perseverance in the midst of so terrible a crisis were beyond all praise. (Cheers.) Whatever nmight be the present melancholy aspect of Indian affairs, he entertained no doubt that a satisfactory result would be ultimately attained. (Rear, hear.) Bengal would, indeed, have to be re-organized-he vould not say reconquered, because that term would be misapplied to a contest with those mutinous bleckguards in Delhi (laughter), who would be only too glad t escape from that city, and scatter themselves over the whole of Hindostan, as long as they could hide themselves from condign punish,ent at the hands of our countrymen. (Hear, hear.) Happily, the disorder was exclusively confined to the Bengal Presidency, and great credit was therefore due t the native troops in Madras and Bombay for their steadiness. The outbreak in Bengal would, he believed, be soon quelled, and that Presidency reduced to a proper state of organization, more especially when the Government of India had the aid of ga-llnt men like those at that festive board. (Ceers.) Indeed, he s firmly persuaded that all would hb set right, In one view of the case, within A year from this time. One thing, however ws perfectly clear we must no more trust, as we had hitherto done, to a parcel of Sepoys, who would bh sure to rise against their European officers whenever an equal chanoe offered itself. (dear.) If, therefore, we were to retain, as retain we must, this vAluable appendage to our empire, we could olyc do so at greatcr cost to ourselves than ever. But he was convinced there was not a man among them who, if it wrer neCeSsary to support the Government with still further grants, would not cbeerfully contribute his quota. (Cheers.) A most laudable movement had been made by the Lord Mayor of London on behalf of the unhappy sufferers in India. It might perhas be doubted whether tne persona who had been butchered in that country ware not the most fortunate, because, poor creatures, they wore now beyond tho reach of human misery; whereas a very large number of highly respectable Europeans had lost their all, and many delicately nurtured ladies had been left without a rag to their backs. It wras therefore earnestly to be hoped that the appeal made by the chief megistrate of tbc metropolis would be generously responded to by nll parts of the country, and he believod that the West Riding of Yorkshire, and more espeoially the ancient town in which they were then assembled, would display that liberality in saccouring the distressed which had always distinguisbed it. (Cheers.) Viscount GODxRICH also retaured thanks. Unlike his hon. colleague who had preoedod him, he had no claim on that great constituency for pest services. Yet in the elevated position to which their too flattering choioe had raisd him he pledged himself to discharge the duties intrustod to him with unabating zseal and untiring energ.y (Hlear, hear.) Heavy as were the reaponsibilities which attached to the office of their representative in times like these, they were almost merged in the yet graver responsibilities which fell to the lot of every member of the Houso of Commons, be. cause in the next session of Parliament great problems would have to be solved, which would test the statesmanship of our Ministers and put tho wisdom of our Legialators to the proof. (Hear, hear.) Thowe problems had reforenc° to the lamentable events now occurring in India. It wag impoesible at the present moment to speak on any public occasion and remain silent on that sad topic. The hearts and minds of the people wero filled with the thoughts of Ithm; thejz hbuatd oiui ira l ps--the tiad coloured our dreams. The times In which we livr; wovld xrk a rmemorable page In the higtory of Englnl ForDate W&Ras It that a such an emergenoy any Governtneat, sad any, House of Coummons could always appeal withoutb hesitation and with perfect confidence to the support Of an united nation. Whenever the power, the honour, or the reputation of England wa at stake-whenever our empire was in danger, Englishmen at one merged every differenoe that otherwbe divided them in order to raLy round the overeign and hter Miniters. (Cheers.) He was convinced that the people of thbis cnry o would readily subie to every sacrifced and makeevrryeffnot which t ight be needed) to maintain outr eastern dominions. Sure he was that w !Ile there waS a man who could starpon a sword in Sheffied,t or .one who could manufacture a cannon at Low Moor, the peopme of tEn Wevtiould servetherooner spend thbi all than lononrSe the gloraoushitae wn fb cthem by the vAlour and gnUt of theirforefathers. (Cheeroso) We hadl another orcbyte ofconfidenceat ths Ctical eenmie-ncturslhe mrAsnto the lectbysm and devotionof tienBgitished ary, which had ziever yet fie us, and would not fail us now. (tHear, hear ) Other troops mit to arn trAitors and mutineers, but thle army and wrold ee their counxtry witi e fidelity and honour to the last. And in this contest-war he could net call it, because those who were opposod to us were n.)t worthy thenamoe of England's enenies-our soldiers would be led by a gwalt handaditingto general, to was eminently fittod to be at their head. (Cheers.) Sir Coln Cafrpbell (renewed choers) ndid not owe his Peseont high command either to family influence Or to plitic on intrigue ; he had won it for himself by his own courage, by his devotion to thae servioe which he adorned, andb by the great maitary geoius he had displayed through his long and active career. (Hear, hear. It must ha fdgreat satisfaction to any one having to deal with pnblic affairs to have an opportunity like the present for exchangting thouinhs and ideas with his fellow.comntrymen ; and though frtme toly they were not at libertY on thes festive oc aaons to loauoa into politios, to which he was sure the members of Parliament at that hoard wotld be glad to give a few months' truce (&laugh), yet these gatherings affordedf indicationg which wear valuable guides to public men, who could neither attain eminence nor hope to ol the country witth effect unlessthey mado themselves acquainted with the foeling and wishes of the compaunity. Meetings like the presnot, which brought together from al parts of the counLtry men with different interests and occutpied in various profevaions, did net merely subserve the social purpones of the hour, but tended to promot that cordial union amoan all clae on which was founded the triee prEsperityo egand. Ino time of tcomparative quietopphshite partiesconldaff3)rdtoindolgein mutual squabbles. Allsections ofthecomraunieythenhadtheirdifferencean, and lsotheirown pet grievances, and nothing gave them so much pleasure. (Laughtegr.) Nothing, in fact, was so agreeale to aais to have a good grievance. But when rs diriculIty or danger arrNved-when there was a real need of national union, and a call had to be made upon the patriotism of Englishmen, the note of party strife was instantly hushed, setional grievances were immediately forgotten, and there was displayed on al sidees and among al ranks that happn piinat of unanimity and entousasm to which eoabled our Government to ao auwith,,Tvqour and succes that were a standing marvel to foreign nitions, eunaccytomed to English habits antd EnU gagues. (Cheers) Mr. R. N. i?rtt s then proposed the health of the members for the borough, tafdain occasion to eulogie their dilinco and fidelity in the cause of their constituents Th toLst was received with great applausie. Mr. HADfLELtD, P., responded on his own behalf and on thAt of his abaent colleaue, who, he said, if his state of health had mads It prudent for him to attend would doubtless have spoken words of authority fitted to influence the cohnsels of England in this trying emergency. Mr. Hadfield briefly adverted to the legislation of the past asesion of Parliament, siagling out for especial commendrtion the Probate and Tetstmentary beriodiction Bill, andtthen touched upon the miitary outbreak in BengaL He believed that if this spirit of mnutiny had lain dormant for a time, anid broken, out two years hence, instesd of at present, the evil wotld have been infinitely mere dangerous and embarrassinz. When the crisb was over and tranquility hpa been restored to India the work of social and material reform in that country must be recommenced with greater energy andl perseverance tham ever. The Indian Government had had its faults as well as thenatives, and they might rely upon it that when the boundless resources of the eastern peninsula cane to be duly developed, it would be found that a community of interest bet ween that countr and Encland would rapidly spring up which would affora a far stronger giarantee for thie security of our empire than any that could be derived from the sword. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H.A2EyX, hI.P., proposed the " Municipal Corporation of Sheffield," to which Xr. Pye Smyth, tbo mayor. duly responded - and after disposing of several other toasts of a purely locaf nature the company separated. The evening was much enlvened by tho performances of the band of the 7th Dragoon Guards, and also by the vocal effortb of the choir of St. Philip's church.
THE LOSS OF THE TRArSIT. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Under this heading there appears in your paper of this morning a letter, signed "J. D. IL Elphinstone," calculated (if allowed to pass unnoticed) to create an unjust prejudice In the public mnind against the employment of ironships for the trausport of troop; and to induce the authorities, if such were practicablo, to dispense with the services of the most magnificent fleet of steam transports that any nation was ever yet able in times of emergency to caU to its aid. Upon what grounds does your correspondent call upon the authorities to adopt his objection to iron ships ? Simply because, having boen run upon a reef of rocls (for as yet from the information recelved it amounts to no more than this), the Transit met the fate of many a wooden vessel that has been wrecked in like manner. The public are not at all aware of the extent to which iron vessels were employed during the late war, and are agatn upon the present emergency being made available for the national service. If an official return were mado by the Admiralty of the material of which the fleet of steam transports employed during the Crimean war was built they would perhaps be astonished to find that at least fourfifths were of iron; and if application were made to the Hon. East Iadia Company it wo-lid be found that out of the entire fleet of screw steamaships they have now engaged for tho transport of troops to India from this country not a single vessel is built of wood. This has occurred, not that the Company would have rejected steamships of that material, if otherwise desirable; bat, in fact, because, although their engagements were made by open pablic tunder, not a inglesuitable wvooden steamer could have been offered to thom, that material for the oonstrmotion of large steamers appearing to have gone comparatively out of use. Consequently, if an unfounded prejudice against the use of iron vessels were allowed to take root in tho public mind, and to deter the authorities from availing themselves of them, it would be tan. tamount to a condemnation of an entire fleot of mercantile marine steam transports, from which we benefited so largely durlng the late war, and hope again to do the same, on the occasion of the present unhappy mutiny in India. The accompanying list of screw steamships for sale, issued by Messrs. Alfred Brett and Co. on the 1st of this month, will in a great measure bear out my assertion with reference to] tho preponderance of the use of iron in tho construction of steamers, as out of a list of 64 vessels of an agregate tonnage of 40,629 tons, it will be found that two only are of wood, tho united tonnago of which amounts to 321 tons, Of Paddlvewbeel steamers 19 are of wood against 25 of iron, 1.5 out of tho 19 wooden steamers having been built between the years 1S32 and 1841,-a period prior to that in which iron came into such general use for such per. poses. The public also are perhaps not generally aware that nearly the entiro steam fleet of tho Peninsular and Oriental Company, including the well-known Himalaya, purchased by the Government, and which has rendered such invaluable services as a transport, is built of iron. The wholo of the General Screw Company's fine fleet is of the same material, and I belis3ve upon inquiry it would be found that Ll the moedern vessels built for the West India Royal Mail and Cunard's Company are likowise of the same material, be. sides numerous fine steamships belonging to other companies and private persons. If some instances prejudicial to iron vessels can be adduced against them by your correspondent, it is but fair, on the other hand, that those favourable to them should also be brought under the public notice For iustance, what vessel In the annals of shipping ever stood the tost of an entire wintr's bumping on the shore as that noble iron ship, Ihe Great Britain, did in an open and exposed bay? In the lamentabloc se of the collision of the Arctic and the Ve*, the colossal Arctio, a wooden ship of 3,000 tons, went to the bottom, and nearly all hands perished; while the little Vesta, an iron vessel of about 230 tons, by means of her compartments, was saved. I will not trespass farther on your valuable spaoo, beyond reminding you how efficiently the steam transports. although of iron, generally performed their -work during the late war; and trusting that, in justice to an important and useful branch of the mercantile marino, as wel as for the advantage of disabusing the public mind of unfounded prejudico, you wiUl consider this letter worth a corner in your valuable columns, I remain. Sir. vour obedient servant. GEORGE HERLING. 12, Old Broad-street, Sept. 4.
A BAD TENANT EJECTiD.-Ifl the oDnaemort which took place between the French and the Aabs t the Col de la honsaia, in Algeria, 17 years ago, Comm-adant Uhrich, of the 8th battalion of Foot Chena, was struck by a ba'l in the eye, whick penetrated the head and renained there in spite of all efforts to extract it. Sinoe then M!. Uhbrcb, who hm risen to the grade of colonel, hba suffered greatly from the presenoo of the ball, particularly when obliged to ride on horseback. A few months back the inconvenience hr.si ntealy incremed, he was sent by his modical advisers to evard, a watering place in tl a Isere. About ten days ago hc had a alight attaok cf apoplexy, which shook him greatly, and a few nights aftrwards he was awakened from his sloep by a sense of suff tion. Jumping up, he foand that the bll bed by degroes worked its way down, and had at lst fallen from the upper part of the mouth into his throat. By violent effort ho bucoeeded in dislodging it, and he is now doing welL Tbe ball, tbough diminished by oorrosion, was found to weigb 2Z5 i=m19 tabioju kourthA oL 0u
To the ELECrORS of tho COBIITY of MThDLESxx' BGentemen 'jF~ dryou my mnost respectful andramteful That Dosition has beeu gained by the advocacy of principles of soond adep1rotlssive rdurm in the various cvmhes or our lsiealaton, and, t itno only be maintrined by a Consistent suppor-tof liberal measures, by a atrict attendance in my pioe in ParUjamnart, and by the promotion Of Your varouMs losr,l interasate I ttstc I may not NUai t any of these psatprticulnlsu ad may asfas s' mysrnghad humble abilltiwsprI,dvt r t imeasn onerge to anhnetad oonsceuetiount ff=ent o'f m"yt duties,U` IhaTe the honotur to he, Gentlemen, Your obedient sand faithful 5ervant. Wrtau -park, Barnet, Se3pt. 4, 1857. GEORGE BYNG. ~~~~_ _L R __~uin- h Reason WHY"lsnb brach ofthe IJUNCTION In Ohacey ltey otane inth unt f Jarrod v. Hounlson," part of theoldediion coese bythe injuentlon, being left in the ntew edition tonhaned an oterparls being onlyosolonrably altered, Immediate )irecedlns ar In pepartionagaist the pblisher, and any person us he rae sllng henew edition after thi notice becomes liable to be rrste fr acotept of the Court of Ohaasoey-DAted the 4th AjIUES. SN, ndMOURRS 6, Old Jewry London. Ageue fo Jaob HnryTillett, Nonrioh, Ylaintiffs' I,R. THOMAS EDWVARD SAVAGE, decae, it All perrone having any CLAIMS upon the ESTATE of Mr. THOMAS3 EDWARD S3AVAGE, late of Ereaborn Cottage, Lower broker deeased,re oefese tofradTHOepArtcuaD theeot founadecrrc. demachsed.Al ros vi I§Fldr,decased,AII prorn hain any CLA.IM on the ESTATE of the late THONA,S DALE, the elder.,of Rupert-etreet,1Hayrmarket,in Ithe county of Middlesex. bridle cutter, deceased (whoee businees has Lately been carried on under the style or firm of Ii Dale and Son). are GiliagandJoh hiith boh o Soerb, Tink Inthe coumty of Yor, urner. te xectos o te dcesed i orerthat the same maye eamied,and Iffoud crret. iscargd'and allpesn inebedtoth erae f hedeeaed o t ie ii frn of 1.I)al landSon acereqeste topay he moun oftheir reapective debts to A-LEX. LOREtOT GRANT, 80. Leoeester-square, W,, Solicitor to the Executors. OTICE is Veob n tatbyidenture of NRATW?Cmeot bearin dte 7et' day of August. 1857, THOMAS GRATWM3 Cmberetf and fee come time immedtately last past of No. 218, Hg-tret Southwark, both in the county of Surrey cbemeerongsr, hat ASNED akll his PERSONAL ESTATE antd EFFECTS, wbaiscever and wheresoever as tberein mentioned, to 'William Wilcox Martin, of Upper Thamiels-eet, In the city of London), wholes-ale cheeeemon2er, and WWiiam Jacob IsAynes, of Highstzeet, Southwark. wholesale cheeemonger, as trustees upon trust for the benefit of all the ereditoma of him the said Thoma Gratvisl-, who should execute the said Indeinture on or before the 7th day of September. 1857, or within such further time not exceedIng 10 days, sas they the said trustees shall by writing under their hands eon sW easoclseI and that toe said nl udotur, was duly executed by the -said WiUllam Wilcox Martin and Wiilamn Jacob Zlxyass in thepo- eeeoe of and attested hr William Heathdield, attorney.at.law, Whos pEwe of abode is N,o. 19. Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the parish of St. Gllec- i-the-Fields, in the county of Middlesex And notie In hereby further civer., that the said indenturA of assignmaent in now lying at the o001c8 of Mr. William Brown, of No. 67, London-road, Southwark, accounteat, for inspetion and execution by the creditor of the said Thomas tiratwicir. WM, HEATHFIELD. 12t3lrATh% of 1sA,&NNA MESUIRE and GEORGE J2 WILLI& lAt EMLATTOS.-Notolesbi ereby gven, that byan indenture bearing date the 15th day of Augst 1867, LIANNA IdEBJRE and GWEGBt WILLIAM DE ATTOS. watchmakers and jewellers, of No. 70. Strand. In the county of Middlesex (tradlng under the Stile r firm of MesurearidCo.),ASSIGNEDall their PERSIONAL 'ESTATE and EFFECTS whainoever and wheresoever, as therelin mentioned unto Francis Collins of No. 5, Lower Ashbyatert. -torthamnpton a ,uare. in the county of Middlesex, wholesale jeweller. snd Jacot Deecombes, Jun., of No. 34. Wllmington-sqsnare, (lerkenwell, in the said county of Middlesex. Geneva watch manufactuirer, in trust. for the creditors of the said Lianna Mesure and George WIlliam Do Mattos, who shcn]d execute the estoe or otherwise assent thereto as therein provided ; and the said indenture of assignment was duily executed by the olid ianna Memuo and George Wil. l1aw De Mattos on the dey of the date thereof, In the pressnoe of and attested by Robert Benjamin Lumley. of No. 41, Ludgato-street, in the city of London. solicitor ; and that the said indenture was also executed by the said Francls (ollins anid Jacot Descomnlow, Jun.. on thesald 15th dry of August. 1867, in the presence of and attested b-ylRobert Benjamin) Lurmley, of No. 41. Lugsate-street, in the city of London. solicitor'aud that the sad indenturae Pow Sea or execution by the cr,'itors ol the sad Liaunu Mdesure and George William De blattos. at the ethoso of Measr. Lomnley andI Lumley, 4.1, Ludgate-street, Lonkdoa.-Dated, this~ 3d day of fleotember, 1 857. LUtILIY and LUMLEY 41, Ludgate-treet, St. Paul's, London hoilost h Truste-es. JN tho A17FAIRS of ALEXAN~DER HA~RTHILL and JOIIN MOKR&N,-Notice in hireby given, that by inden' ture of assisniment. beariDg date the 25th day of August, 1857, asd made between Alexander larthill, of Htxdderodield, In the ocounty oA 'York, wootlencloth merchant, of the first part: John lslsKean, of the San e place, wo-olleonloth merchant, of the second part; Beujamin Vioehemas, of Taylor-hill. near Hudderadeld aforeaid, weoliensloth inasuu,scturer and merohant, Joasih Ilesry, of Lookwood, near Hoid- lersefield aforesad. weollenstoth manufacturer and merchant, and (C rorge Smith, ot Leeds, in the said count of York, vroollsncloth merchant, of the third part; and the several lother persons whone names and seals, by thosssels,se or their agents themunto duly auth..rized, are thereunuto ubrerlisid and set. hLine reepectirely eredltore of the asid Alexzander ilarthili and John MicKeani, or of one of them, of the toiiyth ioart' the sald ALRX&NDER -HARTHITLL and JOHN FdKAN Aid, and aea of them did thereby GRA.NT, appoint, bargain, sel. release, and assign, transfer, and Pet over, unto and to the use of the sajd Benjamin Viokrerman, Josiah Berry, and George Smuith, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns respectively, arccr5 lug to Ilse natulre and teniire thereof respectively, all the REAL and PERSONAL SRTATE and EFFECTS3 of the raid Alexander Hathil and JohuiMrifsan, and of ea-ch of themn rmespetively, upon certain teutsi. for sale or otherwise, for the benedit of all the creditors of the said Alexander IlorthIll sad John Moeanes or Of one of them' anBd which "aid indenture was executed by the said Aiexander liatirll, John MoKeee. and Josiah Berry. en the day of the date throrof. and by the said Benjamin Vickermoan and George Smith on the 1.t day of September iast , nIl In the preserce of and or Yrk,soUito: ad wichsaidindntue i no lyng t our office, 47. ew-tret, ttdsrsiel. fo excuton y te sId reditors.- BROOK FREMAN,end ATLEY, Huddersfield, tilllrrstoth sidTrustees IN ileMater f te ~JCit S Oc Companies' WindJ. ngus'Acs,184 ad 859'~an ofth L NDl and EASTERN niame LON oNn E UTEN BANKIN4 COPRTO a oni the 3d day of September, 1857. presntedtoheLrOanlo i EF-glsaud by Abel ituiart nsri Gleorge Duplex, and hti sepce n"'cl petition wIll he heard before the Vioe-Chans,o i ilimPc WeOW, on Saturday. the 15th day oc Septemiber 16,a 0o h lc in the forcenoon, or en sucoh otter day as the Vice,Chacelo shall a~ point,t and anyrpmen desirous to op th aigof a order ab solute for the dszolutlon and windin)g UP of the sd Lodnand Eastern, 1ankisy Corporation tinder the said at,holaperat the -time of hearing irv him-elf or'his counsel forthtppsean a copy Of the Petition will be furnished to any cotiuoy ftesi London anud Etatlrn Banking Croainrqiigtesm yteudr signod on paymerncargofrtetsme TUCKER, LIG andTIm tf R Solicitors for the Petitonr, 2,St Swlthina-',ne. Witnesa, Alfred Cox, Clerk totesadfrm. ikUURT for REIFo NOVNT DEBTORS. nI..) -Farthier M.srloR. set, 18.-John Austin, who wasg heasd in the CO"Irt Of Chief ommiesuAdner LAw on the 20th day of Marsh, 184,7 whenu no day wm asumer for making final order, will appear again on Tuesday the 10th day of Setemqber inst. and apply for orders of prOI ectioxnand dinchbrp, undler 7 and 8 Via., c, 6,see. ,8 29. All eredi' I ers may oppoce, T. con'tienue somstrusctR&A agais't the boros ofonilefmor(tiuseofu ferw are awt4re that ispual. Acts of Parliament have beeni passed by whteh all trader owing under £110. clergyuen, farmers merchants, prirate and prfefdOatoal gentlemen (the tatter wlthou'. any publicity and for any araount), ran be entirely freed from their difficultes at small expense andwithoutimprisonment orbankrnptry. Mr.NlTILBURN. 'solicitor, requests all who ane mbarrassed WUIl apply to him at 16, Brdgefftreet, Westminster illaetemof 18, &torgate.streetl. Ahonsostock aiser od h Asasanaaet,harecve ins-touoftMesss to SELL, by PublicsTen er, arfdw bnups the STOCKinT&KoM,Pan,f Dern ort draer clther, an ufitr mounting W 78I.id at costOrsok booaptce to be 10 inoros o hewoe In onrve e lot.y ametsah montvie fromu tuesa th The, tcob larson ppwlseautlon rb p sttoriay, adthe 1th.nurtersIb prtive' s1d Thene by order ofthe A oigees of theerEst ate inofesrs Wa. Davis, and Co..1, of Hglrsret ilrefrdet, bankruptods,the StOCK soTRAD oft. athe2 o Estate prcamounting Pyc too£,78 be.ld hat ofthe.cos p uricstSo, and whicrwilb soldc at sOunt thewrefo,noelo.Py snd, th ucae elrda h tirso tses s-oa,Ia. A shuot, io, adv Aorn, s,nolictrse, 8 old Jetiery.W lIjr of BENJAMIN WES~~~~t,esPoR.Ahe on te yar 716 attheageof 8; intcoiiatrs verpoited b the byrt aletM. IVrDprm.and sispearliest thensU etat. naed Stateapproehnite ho Arvedwanutvframe. prierp180b allneas, adres authoritest,a rareI Coft perrttll Ian relabertwetpoe.t baynsackt ot H. gU tfnrua , &niql,Fis dArt (allsr, throughouPalae.whore thoermnianuture ma b te Lno vesr,.pw LmtM rc t, ihpr ~HO0TING.-Spor'tsnien are remide tto o A wr man shotig rouds he RI iEmN bll-sae TEuT aS ilecomortbletecsorry narere SaIngperecty wathr-poo N VIEXV, NITRAM'S COIJVEUSE ARTIFICI. ItXLTE, to hatch Gine or Poultry, at s,il seasons of tire year. In 6O9eraton at Me agent P. (ItbeUIS, reflector patentee, 469. Iflot-Aieet. AdmIsson on presetation of onsd. rIOENUOI ~GneVdis, and -othem=F.- Impo hUrterTOfwork of art, 80,New Bed-street, sil ca-r tiasles to PURCHASE OLD CHINA, lewels, Dlats, lace, bronree, rHE PATENT FLOUR MILL, which minds and T dresses at the samo ticeM is nsw used in hundreds of t ".' Particu'ars seut on receipt of one btamp. Patent otens, b - (rushers, 45a,; chaff macohines ,0* tene to o4lean e' Iot A1 e.-TWAL1IL and Co., m usaofturess 1 15, RI: knife wshleLe,l e -- shov gate wthin, FOR SALtE, a PORTABLE CORRUGATED F GAL&LTYAIzRL 1t01 EMIGBANT7e HOUSE fitted in two ro-ma has iron shuttesa and doors, with semi-circular rof * has been u'ed at a granary and cow-sbed, for which PunNroe it is wetl adauted issaureu-ent 24 fret by 12 feet, heitht in centre about ItS feet. lrlce 50 guleras Apply to Moeems, Lockrood and Co., 1, Burwood.pI-1,10 lfgeware road. iTEAbM ENGINES and BOILERS.-For SALE, I's froit two to 40borce power, the aboTe BORLS, proved up to I O ponods ts the Iquaro iner, hydrautio pressure *o a Portable Esgiue lisdrautie Pres, aud vaous machinery. For particulars ply Lo R, aud F. Cricktmer, Comnmercial Works. Lower-rad, Bothe.- IN:E.ALISED INDIARUBBERHOSE PIPES 1for btewvers, agricutural, sbymical, garden, sad other purposes; Inproed AsgleAnccau flexilteanm packing. mineralised Lndia. voleu heete wMme, k,; sasag sd mill band,q for eaglosers.- W. WAw aCd Co, 9. G, , 0. e manatu aEd c Iens under C . Maci tosh and Co.'s vulwanticug patent. 'ACINTOSEH INDIARUBBER COVERS for eV Arls and waggons at wholesle prioes,-MOSELS, SON, and DAVIS, 14 sad 15, A.idte HIgh-street, London; steam works, Bowcon.mon' q5HE S3ULTAN's VAPOU BATH, ae In Turkey, t , dtS. ; $lpJaes?, s ,dn 5,ne fo a una tt net traaderhe Waa baths set oUt wlhi 1 1URW S.WOODIN, at Uitnsat, THIIS DAY, .LV.J. h Sib, `ithbl OLIO of ODDI.TM:d ar De, Sept 7; at DOver, Sept.9 at. istyRs, Se-t. l0 ;at Haalngs hept. 1; at St. I,so~~,4ad OEsENTERTAiN-MEIjT5,-W ~LOIV,Fn. appearTHlIl DAY, Sept. 8th, at Hyde (mosio)Seb,atRwonct OIl, atWrtileg tb, at HaLstinja ili, at B ighon Brihto I uinl:21ht, at Cleyedon; 220 atTa. mis KE J'P S anyd th A1BAI8S.olod well Evr ee in Iof.1 you want tomaeahnrdgias sond tthLyemaStamped euvelopei foe a popcu ftepa - e- adwd in yoursnndueaon. ofth PBIt t7EpMNfl Is NOW OPEN. at the Gallerycot teold Water Uolounr ijoelety. Sc, pall-oma east. AdMieson free. R(BERT A.tLEX & N D fa KIDSTON,Actg lemetary A. U. of G. B ~OPEN.&*magIic oentPANORAMA o MOecOOWw: tb-NOWth CoatILed tht ~ tcity th lometry of thegEmperor Alex ender 11.Inrot KTors?i.Sierra, IM¶neBadteIernse Alpsalso on view. Open frtee 10 till dusk. Admissi.on to each Ia.- Leolerer-so. (1REAl GLa).UE-Inaureinion in India.-NEW DNIORANtoA. of INDIA, the Gangs, And the Inaurrecttonary DistrIcts,at 12 nu ebar8lp.m., and the Oaaof uenslanLife and Scenery, at .1 and 8 Okk p.m. Adminlon to the whLole building, Is. Openufrom 10 a.m. wi it pmr. TVHE R6'YA P Y~TIEOHNO.Ne ad opla JL. AUSICA!, ENTERTAINMENT, bythe t eresCo consIsting of 25 voicev, every Tuesday, Thuna,adStre vn inga, at a quarter-poe,t 8: Lecture on the Aquarim yJ H 'pe Esq.; aLo ont the Atlaatic Telegrph Cable. b r ig;teDroy Ing Views aud Pantoramas, IllustratingChnadteLcaieso the precent War. Eahblblitou daily of the fAXr4amed Polyhtcimo oxyhydrogen Mlcroecope, nod all the ether epecilitles as usul RAOYAL OOLerOSSEUD ],0~ Dfy-Ad-Waeon Her Majesty the QIU REN and H.R.H. the PRINCE CONSORT.- Greet Success ot thet uew Muscal andFictorial Eutertainmessi entitled AN EIOUR at the sNTfl'OD by M. Georje Buckland, MOrning ~xhlltln, emmeoin at 12. OnModafy, Wetisedy, and Friday, theMurea an Plrolalittertalument. enjtle "In HmvAt th Antiodes OnTuesay.Thursday, and-96torday. Mr. GcorgD Burk. lftd'aEntrinnme t SteHanls and Mansions ot the Hulgh Nobiliy, t 330.Olinilg Views, Colossa Panormas of London, by Conais lassic RUins Stalactite Cavern) an t Kedu ountain Torret, discharging 9 tonsor wter er bor, and iorasa f Lisbon, a1t1 4.0 p).m de. EveIngexibiIon mosmecing at 7.-Mr. Seorg Buckland's Mt ial Enterainmnt at Proensad Cloncets+at 9o0,loek. Vocaltsta-Mles rcame of L-ondona by NIght. Swiae Ctae,nd Stupendous Mountain Torrent, briliantly lllarsstnatd byl tihe S2resl LIgot; Qon.errtorlr y0entuins, and Classic Ruins, StalactIte CavTerns, lisand 3DIorma £ Lisbon before and ,fwte the (trealt XR-ilquAlce% With atartlin sfecte, *1 10.15. Childsra unosie 10 yeer of age and uohols, half.pslce. Eal= oe of 1~ l4 t.H . Rylan E B.RH. 1the a FrederickW Wlua;nof uma&rsnow de.Admittance is extra roomn6d. Oprsu fra, 11In *hanaing4 WI 1atnight. NMi ilantly illumbsatMr At 8 o'clock. J- Liverpool, Newcastle, Ediburgh, Glsgw,Dublln.-Italls t)pera.-Plocv-lomnll, Ilpexis Pomac =ai,OilatSleti eai Be8neventnno. Reossi, M9et=rcunia Adi, and Glug&il will appear-at Gsalgow, on Sotpt. 7th. 9th, and lith* Edinburgh, on the 8th and 10th; Harrogate (Gouoert), on the l4tit; Norwich on the 38th aLnd 38th; WVolverbamupton. on the f1at;Llstc on the 22d ; lemarnng to,o he li3d; Cheltonham, on the 24th ; Bright eonth t; todng, on tte 1qth : BirmInghom. en the 30,th Nottingha . o the lo f October; Strill (Grand Matoio.hall), on tihe fd; NewcaoUet fromn the 5th to the 8th:. Dubliii. on the 12th. E AJESTY's THEATRE.-Two Extra H3kPefocrmances oulv, at Reduced Plrioec on Priday, Sept. 18, and Elaturday, Sept.1 b-e'sccolowinl 8peziA, Ortolani, Giugin, Vialetti, Roral, Benereiitano end BeUtieti.-Two Extra Performanceswilb gIven on Frittsy, Sept 18. and Saturdy Set 9.we filb nerented, IL DoN GIOVANNI and L TRAVIATA. Prices oxer, to acoommodwae four feroons, grand tier, pit tier, and one pair, £2 2s.; iwo pair Xt Ls. three pair, 15. aleybxs 0so. 6d. ; pit e%lais, its. a A. pt, i.f4 d.; gallery taiZk S. 80.; an gallery o The box-offlee i open an Monday, hIt 14; In thae meantime place~ may be wooured by appliostlon to M. Fish, at the Stare D .r. 3-r)Majesty'sTheater. f " 'WHiATUIi iOYAL, HAYMAR-KET. -THIS ..EVENIN U.-Lita; night of the remedy of Victims, and positivel the Iast night of the engagemenut of MOr. T. F. Clooke, who wl repeat his original character of William, in Bllack-eyed kSusan.-To commenoc at I with the oomedy of VICTIMS. Oheraters by Mr. Biucksetoce, blsr. H,,we, Mr. W. Fareen, Mdr. Rogers Miss Emma Kli,v, Mline 3. Oliver, and Mirs. Poyntes &O. After which, BLA.CKEYED) BUSA,N. WilliAm (with his brlehted hcwnppe) Mir. T. P. CODOfO Guntbrain (his originl character), Mr. Buckatone ; Susan MiaRIK& Olier; Dolly Mmrs R~ Figw Um Wit TE wl COTTAGE. On M Aonda next Mrs. Catherine SQinlair wHi masko her first a.Dearra,co ir, thim country In the cbaracter of Beatrice In 8balnvpeare's cmediy of Much AdoAbout Nothing. THEATRE, ROYVAL, ADELPHL-Laat Night o Ma51dam'., Cole;te previous to her provincia eonTayements.-In owseequence of Itsgreat attraction tho popular drama of lreenBosher wHil be repeated for one night mace being pcsttvely the ladt time it csn be acted, ws-ig to, the provincial engagementa of Madame Celeete. -The screaming faroed of MyF ProcIon Belay and Slasher and Cruhsr Pve,ry night.-Mlr. WAright, Mr. P. Bedford. and Madame Celeste.- THiS EVllsENI NNG (Satrday, at time u te,GREEN nUS h tS orf Gritd lbod, Mar io. Dragoey,Mr ardn,do.il app-Zentar.tisths inI PROVCIORS ETS F Mreers.. Wright, Ps. Bdod IsN el an wors.dCrteuoneyd Andst 11415trlhs.ANDICREVENIEG, aMewss muright me lanedf, C.E Sh,3F.PHall, andm W Smith,rdW. Mbr.te.oP CooueloenraegFW~edor almie peraiod,u and wIllaoperar o Mndy, TH OErs aINY1TH,b the noMPiuce'sTetrel.T ParAtersde wigh th Ceros,AcrbonitMri. Dh poragonmeof tiw t4ente artistas cmines TROVA;thoR,.n Pricwor-s. lo,rmin. ins. notektmtfo ai SlURREY THBaTIt .-On Mnday Sucess of Sethe7 world-renrowned aChrigt inlnbrlresqu.5eV,NIbG a. Buknewa eTHE SdUNRY SOATA, by The ad Miurielo. To concludewwithethe wi,resthor, &.andhumour, deemn nalantertainmenti upre by r vwariey harriet G,nordo, N. A. Victor, Craven, O'Brien, and Messrs. Tilbury, P. Charles, ffarke, kinward, do. stalls, Xs; boxes, 2s. pIts,; gallesy, 6d. ; privateI o2 es, LI Is. (' ETNATIONAL STANDARD THETE W Shroitch.- Important Notice.-Roerenraiementfthcle heated vonslist,. Mlr. coid Mrs. elms Rcse,,s.-The aoegetata will re-appear at this the.tre, for 1S nights, comumocigon oda next. Seopt. 7. The whole of this colossal teatre racnfcnl c deworated. Oblserve.-Mr. and Msm SimaReeves willapaevr evening. Thorywfllbe supeorted bylfirstrate artiet,a slc cun from th Itlilan Opera, with the splendid hand of tePics' Tf,eetrs. uindtr the dil*ect,on of Mr. IsaawQsl. 'Under th Maaeeto aM.Bcooe THIS EV&NL,NU Vl'IS es BtscketnsreHow%, W Farrn; Mdeulames im igM lvr o After whihBAK XYlRD lsUsoAN,.In hih7r)..Coewlill atroes. 6.aba Mr. Buckztonao Sua,Ms tOie.Toco0ewth THE SWImSSCOYT1A B. Cmec 7 Prorieor,Mr ii Weste; iretres,Madame Cleleste. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lesees Mesrs F.htoeonandW.ti. Emden THI EhNLG,Mr.WlkleColin'sdrama, THE LIGHT. ROYAL PRINCESS' THEATRE.. Leses.M br. Charles Kean. THISI EVEItNGNC, IL TROVATURE. Leonora.Maame Gri[ Azucona, sMadame Alboni: Inez, Madame RellIon; Cantod Lona. Sigm,soDrogor.e; Ferrando, Signor Kinni; Ruirz Sligor btlalou; Zozgaro, Signor Pirrinti ; Meego, Signor Annoni; and hisnioo, Signor Mario. ASTLEY'S ROYA.L AMPHITHE&TRI. Looss ad Maage, Mr Wiliam Uooke. THISEVIS IN4, he gandequetrin ad OrIental spectace, TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers ore rr.quiested to observe that the price of The 1Time.s is reduceed to 4dl., and that 5jd. is the price Of as copy with the impressed stamp aflixedl. Under the anlended regulations of the Post-oflice (.No. 601) Tile Times is transmiasible by post to iliitisll colonies and foreign countries 'without an inir.yessesd stamip. No notice can be taken of anonymous commu.nications 'Whatever it, in tended for insortionx must be authenticated by the namne ard address of the writer; not necessarily for puillication, but so a guarantee of his good fritla. We cannot undertaks, to return rejected commnunications, tar Tho pulilicati-, 0 Tof Turarani commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning. cuid ifnihed at 15 minutes peat 8,
LONDON, SATURDAY, SEPTBAIBBR 5, 157. .. ---- _. England and France no longer hate or suspect one another as conqueror or conquered, invader or repelled, but the antipathic of a thousand years survive in the degenerate form of commercial jealousy. A spirit whose name is Legion has passed froui the soldier into the sleek herd of merchants and niauufacturers. There is a trucewe hope an et. rnal truce-to the expeditions, landings, incurs;ons, blockades, preparations, and counter-preparations of all kinds that afforded alternate fury, panic, triumpb, and depression to our younger (iays. It is no longer this or that fortress or island captured or conceded. The battle is fought in our workshops, our farmyards, and our houses. The fort is the Custom-house; the orders of the day are stated in francs or in £. s. d., and the bulletins are to be found in tables of imports and exports and returns of the revenue. A day will come, we believe, when these bloodlems conflicts will be found to have hecn as fruitless and unnecessary as many of thosc wlhich decimated the two oountries in the tinme of our forefathers. Already they present a glaring contradiction to the actual tastes of the two countries. We both have a particular Iiking for one aniother's manufactures atd natural productions. ln our wish to escape from the vulgarity which ever cleaves to what is familiar we take a fancy to anything foreign ; but there is no denying that the French have a natural superiority to us in certain lighter matters of luxury and taste-a superiority as decided as that of their climate and soil for the vine, the mulberry, and the olive. So not only French wines, but French silks, velvets, fabrics and patterns of every textile material, French paper hangings, clocks, bronzes, china, cabinetwork, and all the works of taste short of the highest art, will ever have their admirers and purchasers in this country. On the other hand, we beat them in the heavy work of life. We drudge more over the raw material of cotton or wool; we elaborate more patiently the temper and edge of metal; we make articles of use more conscientiously durable and exact. Our religion goes into these things. There are those among us who hope to be saved by the righteousness of their works in cotton and iron, and it is hard to believe but that truth in every form will have its reward. But here are -we, with an earnest appreciation of one another's good qualities, like two young-people mutually in love, but not knowing how to go about it. AU that England and France want is somebody to put them in the way of it. At their hearts they want free trade, but they are full of awkwardnesses, hesitations, scruples, difficulties, and suspicions. What Hf France should advance and be repelled ? What if England should confide and be jilted? Thus far we console ourselves with an honest conviction that we are the confiding and generous lover of the two, and that the least consideration of facts will prove us to be more sinned against than sinning. It is true that our Custom-house lays a heavy hand on the produce of the French vineyards and the French looms, and there are politicians there who can construct out of the figures of our tariff a case against our national temper, and a species of justification for their own morbid jealousy. But our tariff has long been subjected to the severe exercise of a law which pervades the whole of our finance, and has become part of our constitution. We tax expenditure, luxury, wealth, and power, and let off with comparative immunity enterprise, moderation, poverty, and insignificance. It may be said, of course, that this applies admirably to our own peculiar circumstances, but does not apply to a population of small proprietors, generally as simple as they are poor, and living by works of luxury and taste which they make not so much for themselves as for others. Thus our tariff may be consistent with British theory, but is oppressive upon the actual condition of France. The process which gets at the full purse of the English gentleman or lady starves the humble household of the Paris or Lyons artisan, and still more the population that gets a scarty and precarious subsistence by the cultivation of the vine. So, our neighbours resent what they choose to consider the hypocrisy of a moral principle which serves our interest, and bears hard on a rival, and which, after all, we cannot carry out fairly and equally. We do not tax our own silks and velvets; of course, we cannot, but so long as that is the case our principle falIs to the ground. The only answer to be made to these objections is that of a good conscience. We believe the principle of sparing the necessaries of life and.taxing the superfluities has been talen honestly and simply, and that it is a good one; and we recommend its adoption, as far as possible, to our neighbours. At all events, our tariff is not prohibitory; and, if protective in effect, is not so to a serious extent. But, as men of observation and reflection are fast discovering in France, the question is answering itself without reference to the British tariff, and without the doubtful aid of national jealousies. The. Council-General of the Department of the Herault, under the presidency of that enlightened financier M. McHEL COivALIIEn, have just unanimously passed strong resolutions in favour of a revision of the tariff, and they have done so on the ground that the ex-isting restrictions are injurious to the agricultural interest of France, and not called for by the state of its manufactures. In proof of the latter position they. adduce the remarkable fact that the value of the manufactures exported from France to markets where they meet with foreign competition,exceeds 40,000,0001., whereof at least 16,000,0001. consists of articles which the French tariff protects by prohibition. They estimate that at least ninetenths of the manufactures of France are protected by absolute prohibition, and that of the tenth left the greater part are subject to duties so high as to be prohibitory in fact. Were this at aU necessary, it would indeed tell ill for the enterprise and genius of France. But it is wholly unnecessary. At the late Paris Exhibition their own manufacturers proved that they could compete with foreigners in cheapness as well as taste. But this excessive protection, if it is not necessary to the manufacturer, is injurious to his customers, and so eventualy to himself. The vwinegrowers and other agriculturists of France find themselves, as they believe, between two fires. On the one hand, they have to pay an excessive price for their iron implements of all kinds, their guano, household utensils, and even their ordinary clothing ; while, on the other hand, the demand for their produce is injuriously affected by what they believe to be retaliatory foreign tafffs. Every bit of iron used in France, from the pig of cast metal or the bar to the most elaborate machine, is strongly protected, and therefore heavily taxed to the consumer, for the benefit of some private interest. That benefit may not be the object sought, as, indeed, it appears not to be always attained; but the effect is to place these private interests in an unhealthy position, at variance with the national interest, and eventually their own. The only real defence for a tariff vhich bears the marks of' social injustice on its very face is that a revenue must be raised, and that iu the judgment of the financier there is only one way of raising it. H-is judgment is often no more than the rude instinct or rough rule of " working the willing horse." It certainly has been so in France. The progress of enterprise always shows itself in the demand for iron, the consumption of which is an infaUible gauge of material prosperity. So, the more iron has been used and imported into France the readier has been the financier to lay an embargo on it. Iron and steel, say the Council-General of the Herault, under the first EMPEROn were subject to the respective duties of 44f. and 99f. The decree of 1854 found these duties augmented to the enormous rates of 206f. and 1,320f. forthe qualities most in demand; and even after that decree they remained treble what they were under NiroLoON L No doubt, all taxation is a necessary evil, and no ingenuity can so distribute it that it shall not seem unequal as well as bur. densome. In this country, however, we have at least established the principle of equality as between class and class, our only acknowledged inequalities being in favour of some poor and inconsiderable handieraft classes In France, howover, this principle has not been recognized, and is to this day stoutly resisted. The economists of that country, therefore, are still battling on first principles, and when an oppressed interest appeals to free trade it is met with a protest against that appeal altogether, and a referetice either to some sentiment of mere jealousy or retaliation, or to some form of the old doctrine that " might is "right" in fnancial matters. Besides other ill consequences there is a bad political signifieance in this state of things. In England we now scarcely remember a social feud which only ten years ago was threatening to destroy the credit of the aristocracy, to paralyze the Legislature, and weaken the Constitution. A great prnaciple was recognized, and is now tho eommon appeal of a hundred different interests. It is clear that appeal has yet to be established in France, and til it is so established it will be in the power of every man to maintain and believe that he is oppressed for the sake of Paris, or Lyons, or some other more clamorous, more unscrupulous, and better organized class. No doubt, too, these inequalities, -these denials of a common appeal-have their hour of triaL That is not in a season of prosperity. It comes when the elements of nature or the violence of political passions conspire with the sense of social wrong, bringing calamities to brood over, or a spirit to imagine them where they are not. It is proverbial that injustice slumbers long, but is sure to be felt at last, and to have its revenge. We have experienced this in our country, and we cannot doubt it will be so in France. It makes but little show now ; but it is all the more reason for removing grievances that they can be done quietly and safely.
On Wednesday last Mr. M3AxL addressed the constituency of Tavistock in the capacity of a candidate for their suffrages, and embraeed the opportunity to express his sentiments upon the rebellion now raging in India and the duties which its terrible incidents had imposed upon this country. The public character of Mr. MiALL is too well known to require any explanation on our part, and, indeed, although this distinguished Nonconformist is eminently attached to peace principles, as his vote on the Chinese question showed, and the man above most others from whom we might naturally have expected the arguments of the party usuaUy averse to war, we do not pretend to say that we looked for any denunciation at his hands of the efforts we are now making for the relief of our countrymen and the restoration of our rule. On this question we do not anticipate dissent anywhere, but so frankly patriotie and national are the sentiments which Mr. MJAL announced and so uncompromising are the views which he expressed, that we think it right, both as an acknowledgment to the speaker and for the edification of the public, to call especial attention to the opinions which this representative of an important, and, generally speaking, a peaceful section of our countrymen, has now openly avowed. After sympathizing in fervid language with the calamities of the safferers and paying a well-merited tribute to their heroism, he thus proceeded:- " Whatever may be necessary for the Government to do to master this rebellion, to crush it out, to dissipate all the elements of it to the winds, though it may be by the sacrifice of much property, and each individual in this countzy may be called upon to contribute far more largely than his Circumstances would aow, yet I would render to the Government all the aid. I could afford in order to procure the 8-westablishment of order, law, and British supremacy in Jndia, because I believe that the interegst of the 200,000,000 soUls committed to us by God's providence to govern in that empire are Identical with the maintenance of that law, order, and British supremacy." In this strong and decided language have the views of an economical and peace-loving party been now published to the world, nor do we fear that in any quarter they can be met with refutation. It is impossble to question either the rights or the duties of the British nation in India. Foremost among the many momentous considerations affecting the subject stands the obligation of terminating bloodshed and anarchy, which, except for the intervention of British power, might endure for incalculable time. The actual question at this moment is not whether our Government, or some other Government equally well organized, shall prevail in India, but whether there shall be any Government or none. Unless the might of this country is exerted to re-establish order, the provinces of Hindostan wil be at the mercy of that worst of classes, a disbanded soldiery, whose licence will be emulated and whose ravages wil be doubled by a vast criminal populatien released from the terrors of the law. Nobody so much as imagines that the unhappy puppet set up by the mutineers at Delhi could exercise any authority even in the streets of that city, nor does there exist any machinery whatever for protecting public or private interests in Hindostan exeept that which the traitorous and frantic Sepoys are endeavouring to destroy. We, moreover, are the people who caled these armed ruffians into bein. To our policy it is owing that some scores of thousands of Hindoos have been trained to arms. and imbued with those elements of a martial character which make their present ferocity so dangerous. The Bengal Army is our own creation. We brought the monster into existence, and we are bound to save the country from desolation by conquering and annihilating it, now that its fearful nature has been displayed. We say further, and without fear of contradiction, that, although we govern India as conquerors, our government has been the best and the most beneficial whiJ-h that country ever knew, and that its authority could only be removed at the cost of all the prospects of civilization and improvement which Hindoos possess. We do not claim any perfection for our policy or our proceedings. Certain burdensome incidents were perhaps inseparable from the rule of a nation separated by 15,000 miles of sea, and it is not in reason to suppose that a whole century of government under such conditions should have escaped the blemishes of occasional wrong. But we do claim the credit of having governed India on better principles and with far better success than any former rulers, and of having given its people an infinitely greater amount of security than they ever before enjoyed. We, and we only, have rendered life and property as secure in India as in Europe. If our taxes could be thought heavythough not a syllable of accusation has been heard on that score-they at least represented the whole amount of the contributions expected. When the Government dues had been paid every native, however humble, knew and felt that whatever he could accumulate by his diligence or his self-denial would be securely his own. We relieved every State and the people of every State in India from the chronic calamities of intestine rwar. We put down with a strong hand communities who lived upon organized robbery, and rendered the attacks of one Prince upon another as impossible upon the Ganges as they would be upon the Rhine. These infinite blessings-that public order and paramount authority of law which are the indispensable preliminaries to anything like political improvement-we bestowed upon the people of India. It is of no avail to ask by what right we are there. There we stand as . onquerors, and it is by GOD'S Providence, as MIr. MIA Is aid, that we do so. The currents of popu'ation created by conquest are apparently ordained by the Divine law, like the currents of the air or ihe currents of the sea. We stand charged, as governors, with the maintenance of order and the promotion of civilization in India, and we must julfil our obligation. There is no Power but ours which can do the like. The alternative before us is simply the re-establishment of British supremacy or the abandonment of India to utter anarchy, internecine massacre, and general ruin. So manifest, indeed, are these considerations, and so plain the path of duty before us, that if we again cite the testimony of Mr. MrAr to such political truths it is mainly for the sake of rerminding Government how much may be dono, and how much therefore will assurealy bo expected, when a nation like ours is so unanimous in its views. Our resources are practically inexhaustible. For the reinforcement of our army we can draw upon a population very nearly as large as that of one of the first military Powers of Europe. The means of transport we posseas to an extent absolutely unparalleled. The financial strength of the State at this moment is without example in our history; we are at peace with Europe, and we have just been blessed with an abundant harvest. The difference between a year of plenty, such as now lies before us, and a year of dearth would of itself go far to compensate the expenditure which these mutinies may entail. There are no motives for shrinking, therefore, while there is every motive for energy. Half as much as we have already done would, in aU human probability, if it could have been done six months ago, have saved us the necessity of doing any more. If events were not to be prognosticated, then they are, at any rate, to be appreciated now, and onergy and expedition at this moment may save us twice as much outlay and effort by and by. There is nothing in our way. Our work lies before us; its demands are plain, and we have only to exert our strength without hesitation or reserve.
Among the phenomena of English public life must be reckoned hereditary politics. Particular families choose their political watchword and keep to it, one generation hands it on to another, and the son succeeds to the father's politics as he does to his mansion and park, keeps up the old connexions and associations, and transmits the heirloom as he received it. The fidelity with which this succession is maintained has almost a religious savour about it, and, if we had not as a nation a puritanical dislike of forms, it would afford a good subject for an imposin3 rite or ceremonial, in which the family chaplain might be introduced with effect, read the service which consecrated the young heir to the ancestral creed and line of action, and dictate the oath of family allegiance,-the sort of office which the mitred Chaplain and Chancellor of the Order of the Garter do to the Knights upon their institution. This transmission of opinions is, however, a very impersonal affair, and carried on with no oaths, forms, or pledges whatever. Perhaps it is as well for its stability that it is. Were any formal promises made, and did the young heir swear by all his lares and pecuztes that he would never forsake the politics of his fathers, the great probability is that the oath would hang like a burden upon him, and would, like other burdens, be in due time shaken off. As it is, not a word probably passes between grandfather, father, or son on the subject; there is a tacit understanding, the allegiance is taken for granted, it is perfectly free, it may be thrown off at any moment, and therefore it is maintained inviolate. Some of our county hnstings are thus impressed with almost a monumental character ; they are scenes of family tradition and name as well as of popular force and demonstration. If the young heir to the paternal seat does not walk on the occasion as the Roman patrician did on state days, with the images of his ancestors borne before him, the whole ground is full of invisible memorials, and the mouldering flags of former generations, to say nothing of unmouldering mortgages, hang in imagination before the eye. The parish church, with its tablets, escocheons, and marble honours, its pious pomposities and its stereotyped eulogiums, comes into curious mixture with the crowd, the noise, the strife and squeeze, and other accompaniments of a popular election. We should expect, however, beforehand, that this principle of hereditary transmission and family politics 'would flourish chiefly among the Tory portion of our aristc-cracy. It appears in itself to be much more allied to a Tory than a Whig creed. As a matter of fact we find it flourishing principaUy among the Whigs. The CAVmNDIsus, the How.ARDS, the AmGYLiS, the RussEms, the GRBYs, the HoLLAnDs, are faithful and constant in their family traditions, and stick fast to the ancestral political creed. On the other hand, the Tory families suffer great derelictions, and have to lament the lapses of heirs. The family of CLIrNToN is greatly modified in the person of its present representatire; the family politics of the CHuncimiLs are understood to have undergone a change in the new generation; Lord WODnousn has exchanged the traditions of the old county family which carried on so many struggles with the great Whig name of CoEB of Norfolk for a more modern creed. So, then, in point of fact, the lVhigs stick to their family politics a great deal more closely than the Tories. They appear at first sight to be more of Tories in principle than the Tories themselves, and to allow less private judgment to their sons and heirs. But, when we examine the cause of this contrast, we find that it is not realy any inconsistency of this kind. The family creed of the Whigs was more in consonance and harmony, to begin with, with the rising creed of the nation and the growth of public opinion than that of the Tories was. It had not, consequently, any change to make in order to preserve popularity, or keep pace wsith modern ideas, or maintain fitness for public office. The Tories have been obliged to change their watchword and give up their family traditions, if it was only from the absolute necessity there was of accommodating themselves in some way to the growth of public opinion in this country. They would else have been simply allowing themselves to remain unfit for any share in the government of the nation, and been gratuitously excluding themselves from office. Hence, then, the political piety and family constancy of the Whigs, as contrasted with the lapses of the Tories. The Whig is faithful to his traditions, because he is lucky in the kind of traditions into which he has fallen; the Tory is most unlucky in his traditions, and therefore he has nothing else to do but to get rid of them as easily and gently as he can. But, if we are surprised at thA principle of family tradition flourishing principaUy among the Whigs, it is stiUl more surprising to find that this principle has selected out of all the hustings in the country the hustings of Middlesex as one of its most favourite places of exhibition. There are many faithful counties that support particular families from generation to generation, but Leicestershire has not been more faithful to theM AAszNEs,R-% Derbyshire to the CAVENDxSnRsxs, Sunsex to the LENioxES, than the county of Middlesex has been to the Byos. The very county which contains the metropolis of the country, the great centre of commerce and business, where all is bustle, enterprise, change, and progress, has been represented for a century by the Bxi-Ns of Wrotham-park. This one would expect rather of some remote county, some rough and uncultivated district, which still retains large vestiges of the past, and clings with devotion to the simplicity of former times, than the metropolitau county of England. But any one who reads MIr. BYvG's speech on this occasion will see this mystery very satisfactorily cleared up. The political traditions of Mr. B-xo's family are the traditions of the nation. The BYNGs were liberal, in fact, before the nation was, and no county, however overflowing with trade and impatient for progress, could desire anything more than this-t. c., being represented by politicians of a creed in advance of the country at large. And, this being tho case, the English pubLfo is very glad to be represented by an old eWtabliakth family. Everybody knows how muoh of this feoling there is at the bottom in English minds, and how they are affected by family prestige. To havo a representative who agrees with them is of courso the first thing, but, this gained, the greater aristocrat he is the better. An old Whig family is thus just the family to represent the county of Middlesex. This is the mixture in us whieh puzzles foreigners; they cannot understand so much progress joined to so much tradition, respect for rank, respect for pedigree. The Englishman is the most obiate democrat in their eyes, at the same time that he appears to be ridden over by an aristomcy. But it is, perhaps, this mixture which as much as anything else protects our progress, prevents it from running to stalk, rioting in theory, and aiming at an Utopian equality, instead of a practical and useful liberty.
COURT CIRGULAP. B&LMORALB, EPrr. 3, Her Majesty the Queen drove yesterdCy to InvercXuld& attended by the Hon. Flora Macdonald. On reaching the gates of Inrerciuld Her Majesty overtook the Forbes High. landers, under the oommand of Sir Charles Forbes, wrho wero upon thoir march to attend the Braemar gathering. The clan drew up and saluted the Queen. His Royal lighnes the Prine Consort went out dear. stalking The Princess Royal wlked out attended by LAdy ChurchilL The othor members of the Royal Family took riding and walking exercise in the neighbourhood of the Castle. Sir George Grey transacted busineg with the Right Hon. IL Vernon Smith on Thursday at the Board of ControL Despathes were ent yesterday from the Colonial-office to the Governor of Canada.
BRUTAl MURDER. BEILSTON, Frn&AT. An inquest ws hela to-dxy at the Swan Inn, at Bradler near this town, upon the body of Eliabeth Hopley, a yonn woman from Shropshire, whose dead body was found In the Birmingham canA, at iBradley, on the 29th of lat April. The circumstances attendant upon the ooourrenoo are o tho most remarkable character. It ws not until some days after the discovery of the body that any Information was elicied at aU calculatod to throw liht upon the way in which the deosed got into ths water. The coroner Mr. W. HE Phillips) and the jury suspectod that there had been some foul play, and adjourned the inquest till October. After the adjournment a waechman at an ironworks and ooUiery near to the point of the canal where the deceased was found gave informs_ tion to the polioe -which caused the arrest of a batty coier named Philip Clare. Clare was examined on the charge before the magistrates, and the teetlnony given to-day was given then by the watchman, BPowelL There vws an adJouument of the case belore the magistrates also, but tefore the case again came on Powlle had absonded. A. reard ws offered for his apprehension, and he was founud a fewv days ago at Warwrick. George Powell, otherwie Samel Wall, deposed,-I am a labourer and have been employod as night watchman at the works of Mr D vid Iose. I was so employed from February until tbo latter end of May. Philip Clare and I became acquainted when I first went to Mr. Fse'W e asked moe whether I ever went by hispit. I said, "No, Idon't go round Mr. Rose's colliery fild in the day, only at night." I wil tell al I know about the death of the deoeased. On the night of the occurmnoe I started on my round about midnight. It was a bright moonlight night, and apon the railroadbridge saw the shadow of two peope, and heard a woman say, "Philip, don't kil me. ou sid you would kill me before" The man then lifted his fist, and knocked the woman down. I think he struck her on the head I then went on to the bridge, and said, "Philip, yoa wll have to suffer foe this." Clare had then got the woman on his shoulder, and was about to carry her away. As soon as I said that be said, " If I hear of your teUing anybody I'll kill you. I'll serve you the same.' I said I would not tell anybody. The womLn appeared insensible on his shoulder. He came up towards the wharf, aud went to the water and put her down. I foUowed him, when he again said, " If you teU anybody I ll kiUl you I wiUl serve yo the same, and will set somebody on to watch." He then put her into the water, and there waa no noise or movement on the part of the girl; from the time he struck her til the time ho put her into tho water about a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes elapsed. After he had put her in r camo away down the new railroad, and had got away towards the little engine, about a quArter of a mile, expect. n8 er moment to be served the same. Philip came to me and again said, " If you tell anybody I will kill you; I will serve you tho same, and wil set somebody else on to watch." I wentand locked myself in the little engine-house, and did notcome out again till the moming, for I wa3 afraid. On the next morning I heard that a body had been found in the canaL. On the next night he came to me on theround, and also the next night after that, and threatened me again in tho samo way. Ee threatened me several times, and about three weeks afterwards, late on a Saturday night, I wAs going near to the Blue Pig, at ,oxicy to hve half-a-pint of beer, when Clare came u to me and said, " Watchman, where are you going to?" I 5dd, " To have half-a-pint of beer." Ho said " If you teU rl kill you." I then went home to mny lodgings and told the landlord and landlady, and aked them to go and tell the police, for I could not rest any longer. MTy landlady went up to the police station, and they would not believe her, and then I went myself and told them what I have told you now. That is the truth, and I would rather be burnt at the stake than not tel the trth. I went away from Bilston because a young man who snid that he was the son of a juryman said to me on a Saturday evening, " The inquest is to be held on Monday spain, but he mays if he can lay hold of you you shan't give evidence there." The same night, on my way home, I heard that his brother was waiting for me on the Mexley-road to do me injury, and I was afraid. I went away that night from BUlston to Dadley, went on to Worcester on the next day (Snnday), and havting got a few things to sell went from Worcester to Glocester and from Glocester to BristoL Mr. Waterhouse, solicitor, was present to watch the case for Clare, who was there, in custody. He cross-examined the witness. In reply to Mr. Waterhouse's question why he did not give an alarm witness said he was so tetrified. He had no weapon with him on the night in question. He was so terrified that he locked himself in the little engine.house, and not only that night but also the other nights of the week, releasing himself only at daylight on the following mornings. he was discharged from his employ at Bose's becauseo he had gone a} night to lioiley to drink with one of the engineers. Samuel Haines was next called. HIe deposed that he was a watchman in the employ of the Great WVestern Railway, and lived at Ljee Brook. H'e wrished now to add t4 his evidenc,. given at the first inquest. *t the first inquest he merely deposed that about 11 o'clock he Was in the hovel under the railwvay bridge, when he heard some persons quiarrelling, and there were 'women's voices in the szounds. They came from above the line, and he had beforo heard a man and a woman quarrelling. There seemed to be quarrelling on the bridge. HEl knew illinabeth Hlopley from havnug seen her at EHines's Wtharf. The addition he now witshed to make ws that after 11 o'clock while sleeping in the hovel he was awoke by a loud scream-. ing noise which he thought came from a woman s voice. Tbe first wrords he understood her to saby were, "'Don't hit me." Immediawtely after that I heard her my, " You said you would-you said yon'would-but don'5don'tr I"itne,,g then came outside the hovel, snd could hear some Dersons talking, but he thought that it came across from the honse.. He returned into the hut and sat down, hut came out after. wards, thinking some one was on the ]jre When he got outside he thought be heard somebody on the bridge. I'1bh goods train then camne dow,n. It passed at IL.45 Ele did not tell this at the first inquest becuse he had no bnsiness in the hovel asleep. Hlis duty was to walkc u,p and down the line. Samuel Whitmoree for the defence, stated that he was a workman to sr. Rose, aud had spoken to Powell about it before he gare evidence, when he said heomewnothing about the affair, but after the evidence vsid that what ho had stated wabs true. Tho jury then deliberated, and in a few minutes found r verdir t of " ailful Murder" against Care, who wrs com mitted upon the coroner s wbarrint for trial Pobiesl is a cripple, eith a ,wooden leg, b and pparently very nervous. EAT L Fwrdsheunderit is now lying without hope of recovery, literally dying by Inches. The noble lotd is fearfully vasted, hlving for weeks been urable to pYarta of anr food beyonu' asses' milk; he i5 entiredy free from orgtnic disease aud, indeed, is expiring from sheer exrans Ition. The noble Lord is still in full pos30ssion of his faculties, and quite oonscions that the spark of life may be extinguished in a moment, though his medical atteadante say tt tatkhigsu s which aore occaionWlly exquiitely painful, may be protracted for several wreeks Admiiral Sir o siBerkeley is in attendance on his dying brother, t his good theai the ism drwn. Ite pasdat BekLey Oa~te iino urgent re nLest; *nd at priqest auge part of the business workf tbe Mdir.lt Roseand eed spoBekenie9 PowU e-bot i befrore egd eiec, bDh ii ek-e oh
SECOND EDITION. TE}3 TIMR& OFF ICE, £'aturday Morning. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. 'The following is the letter of onr Paris correspondent, dated yesterday (Friday), 6 p.m.:- Now that the brief misunderstanding with respect io the Moldavian elections is completely at an end, one is somewbat puzzled to decide why it should ,over have arisen. We c.nnot admit, nor has it ever that I am aware of been alleged, that the English 4iCovernment desired anything but the complete and fair carrying out of the Treaty of Paris. When once, then, it was proved that the electi ns for one of the Divans-which, according to the treaty, were, as far as possible, to represent the feeliugs and -wishes of the people of the Principalities-had been 4nduly influenced by the authorities, the natural and proper thing to do was to annul them and proceed -to new ones. It issgiven to very few to.peuetrate the mysteries of Constantinople diplomacy, and we are still in the dark as to the reasons Lord Stratford may have to state for his oppositioa t-' re. elections -as to the excuses he may have to offer for having endangored, even for an instant, the cordial understanding that happily prevails between the English and French Governments. The impression here, as rmay be seen by the tone of the articles in the French journals, is, that his leading idea is jealouisy of all -influence that is independent of his own, and his Tule of action opposition even to that which is right and just, so long as it does not originate with him-self. It may be questioned whether, ia the long run, such a system will really increase the prestige he is so anxious to maintain. At any rate the recent -question, which has given so much employment to diplomatists, telegraphs, and newspapers, was so plain that it seems, now -we look back upon it, as if nothing or nobody short of a Lord Stratford de 3Reddiffe could have suceceeded in rendering it so -complicated and disagreeable. The affair proceeded on false premises; the question of re-election or no re-election was unduly identified with that of unioa or no union. Supposing even that such identifica*tion were corrct, and that England and France, as has been somewrhat hastily assumed, were at varlance -as regards the fitness of the union of Moldavia and Wallachia, it still would have been foreign to the practice and unworthy the character of the British £Goveramentttofurtherits endsbysupporting elections 4nat were proved to have been unfairly made. The Moldavian authorities, the agents of Turkey, may not have departed from their habits and traditions by employing corruption and intimidation, but England would certainly have forgotten hers had she defended such practices. Lord Stratford ap.pears to have thought differently; or it should, perhaps, rather be said that, true to his pugnacious istincts, it sufficed that he saw France arrayed on one side to make himn plant himself, in combative attitude, on the other. Fortunately, cooler heads -and better tempers were brought to the consideration of the subject elsewhere, and the mischief that the Pera potentate would have made was undone by a short conversation between two Sovereigns and their Ministers at a countty residence of the Qaeen of England. In the number of the ReBnee des Deucx Mondes ithat has just appeared we find some pointed remarks on the subject referred to. The writer observes that a re-union (rapprochement) between the two Governments was much easier than between their *diplomatic) representatives, when one of those reprcse ntatives was named Stratford de Redclifie. The English Government had nothing to disavow; -it had only to show itself well-informed, and this it did when it recognized the necessity of itself demnanding what France had already claimcd-the annulling of the elections. The decision of England involved that of Austria, and the consent of Turkey naturally ensued. The ReBnbc then proceeds as follows':- "In the explanations given to Parliament by Lords 'Palmerston and Clarendon, and than which notbing could be clearer, there is evidently but one point to rectify. The chief of the English Ministry said that Tarkey had resisted solely because the annulling of the Moldavian elections had been demanded by only four of the allied Governuments He might have added that the gravity of the crisis caine from the resistance counselled to the Ottoman Cahinet by *'he Representatives of the two other Powers, so that th Saltan, who scrupled to comply with the representations of the majority, in fact obeyed a minority, or rather a sin gle man-Lord Stratford de Redeliffe-who vent so far as to take upon himself the responsibility of a rupture of all relations by throwing turkey into a patt ,whence there was no issue. It would, however, be an error to believe that even after the intervie w at Osborne, and in presence of his Government's new insbractions, L:ard Stratford easily resigned himself to change his course. Unable to prevent an inevitable dew-o-mcnt. he at least did his utmost to retard it. It is not enough, in fact, for the English Governwent to have a policy, and to seek to follow it-that policy must b0 to the taste of its Constantinople MIiaister. That powerful Government is often ini reality kept in check by a man of independent and haughty humour. Now, Lord Stratford had entered too warmly into the present affair not to be oruelly galled jn his pride and in his habits of preponderance. He at first, in his turn, retrenched himself iii inaction, * and, when tha Turkish Government could no longir -doubt the results of the Osborne interview, the EnIish Ambassador alone had nothing to say; then, at Zast, when pressed to explain himiiself, he purely and si,uply communicated his instructions, without addinig anything in support of them, but this time, it is true, without counter. acting them, as at the period of the conflict between Turkey andRugsia. The Internuncio of Austria, Baron Prokesch, who was not less committed, followed a very similar system. The two old counsellors of Redschid P%sha yielded at the last moment with a bad grace, muakin,t a forced retreat whiahi strongly resembled a rout. As was recently said by an English journal, diplnniatic annpls con- 3ain few sucho episodes. Certainly Great Britain knows b3st how she ought to be represented at Constantinople; only one may bo permiitted to question whether the relations of Powers are quite safe when entruisted tc such h-nds and left at the mnercy of the passionate capric s of a -nan who may at any monment comproinino his Govermiment as we1l as tho 8tate to which he is accredited .What is cez:c,ii is that ths presence of Lord Stratford at Constantinople has become singularly difficult-difficult for the English Ambassador himself as much as for Turkey." The Utirci-s laments that one of the first efrects of the law on the press in Spain has beeu to put an end to the appearance of four Ultramontane journals, wbich have found themselves unable to comply -with fts cozditiovs. The papers in question are the Catolico and Bosteauracion, Madrid papers; and the Bsjpai)ca (atolica, of Barcelona ; and the Mensagero dc I: Fle, wvhich appeared at SeviUe. A grand religious ceremony, at which Cardinal Mtorlot will officiate, is to take place in a few days at the Camp of Chaons. Marshal Randon, GovernorGeneral of Algeria, has been summoned to the camp by the Emperor. Althoiigh the accounts received from Pondicherry by the French Goveiament are quite satisfactory, a reinforcement, consisting of artillery and marines, is to be forthwith despatched thither IThe most perfet understanding exists between the French and English Governments on the subject -of Ohina. If the Court of Pekin does not give immediate satisfaction to Lord Elgin, war against the Celestial Empire will be declared simultaneously by the two Governments. The despatches received to-day from Constantinople possess no particular interest. They announce -that the preparations for the new elections in Moldavia have been made in a manner that com .manded the approbation of M. de Thouvenel and hia coPeagues. Nevertheless, those who desire the union are ill-pleased, for they see plainly that the result of these~elections cannot but be unfavourable to it. At the sitting of the Court of Assizes yesterday, the public prosecutor called on the Court to pass sen,tence on Ledru-Rollin, Mazzini, Massarenti, and Campanella, who are accused of having, ix coma- plicity with Tibaldi, Grilb>, and Bartolotti, already condemned, formed a ploO to assassinate the Empezor of the French, but who Ifave not surrendered to take their trial. The indictf,. ent and other doculnents having been read, the AJou., efter deliberation, gave a judgnment to th,. effect :-It appeared from the exaniination before a niagistrate, from documents produced, especially from letters of Mazzini, Massarenti, and Tibaldi, and from the disclosures of Bartolotti and C-rilli, that in the course of the year 1857 Bartolotti and Grilli, having been recruited at London and York by Mas. earenti, an agent of Mazzini, were taken to the latter, " who sent them to Paris to make an attempt on the life of the Emperor," addressing them to Tibaldi, his agent in Paris, who was charged to direct them and to remit to them the necessary instruments from those which had been deposited with him, and which consisted of 16 pistols, loaded and primed, and of seven poniards. It appeared that L1dru-Rollin, who in 1853 had caused 500f. to be given to a man named Kcarsch, who admitted having formed at that time the project of attempting to tkill the Emperor, was present at Mazzini's when !Bartolotti for the first time was taken there; he took part in the discussion which ensued as to the time at which the Emperor was accustomed to go out ; his presence at a con'crence essentially secret revealed the motive which took him there, and his participation in the plot; and lastly,'he supplied Bartolotti and Grilli with funds for their journey from London to Paris. It appeard that Bartolotti and Grilli left for Paris with passports in false names, and on their arrival went to Tibaldi, to whom they made themselves known by a password agreed on, and that that person took them to places at which they could approach the Emperor, and gave to Grini two of the poniards deposited with him. Massarenti had brought Bartolotti up from York, and had menaced him with the anger of Mazzin for having left his post. Tibaldi, in a letter to Mazzini, had given an account of the measures taLen by him with respect to Bartolotti and Grilli, terminating his letter with these significant words -" Our sick man (meaning the Emperor) is no better; he comes from time to time. I believe that, from this, it wvill be difficult to cure him, but we shall neglect nothing to attain the desired object." In order the better to secure the execution of his homicidal project, Mazzini adhered to the proposition made to him by Massarenti to send two other individuals to Paris with the same object as Bartolotti and GriUi; on that occasion he wrote from Genoa, on the 10th January, to Campanella, at London, to come to an understanding with Mlassarenti on the affair at Paris, which was more than ever urgent and desirable, and for which two persons had already been sent to Paris, announcing to him that two others proposed themselves, and insisting that the four men should act two by two, independently of each othe-,-; adding that that was the best plan to follow, and recommending that the two new men should be sent to Tibaldi, who was in possession of the materiel; at the same epoch he gave similar instructions to Massarenti, adding that if the friewl had left (the Emperor, who at that time wa3 at Fontainebleau, was so designated), "nothing could be done," and that his return from the country must be waited for; and, lastly, Mazzini joined to the letter a few words of recommendation to Tibaldi, to the effect that he should receive the two new men as he had received the two others, and should treat them also without reserve, again terminating by the recommendation that they "should act independently of each other, as that was the best for all." From all these circumstances the Court declared that "a resolution had been agreed on and concerted between Mazzini, LedruRollin, Campanella, Massarenti, Tibaldi, Bartoloiti, and Grilli, to attempt to kill the Emperor, which resolution had been followed by an act calculated to prepare its execution, whereby the crime of forming a plot (crime de complot), punished by Art. 89 of the Penal Code, had been committed." It therefore condemed Mazzini, Ledru-Rollin, Campanella, and Iassarenti, all four absent, to transportation. A Bucharest correspondent givcs the following sketch of the position and popularity of the Commissioners in the Principalities:- " It was with mistrust that Austria was seen finally to yield in the question of the elections in MIoldavia, for it is well understood that, if she at this moment gives way she will resist the more obstinately in the principal question of the union. As for the Wallachians, the power most popuiar with thom Is France, as was again seen on the day of Napoleon's fte. Neither deputations,hbasleta of flowers, :peeches, nor serenades by torchlight were wanting at the ovation of which the French Commissioner was the object, while on the birthday of the Emaperor Frarcis Joseph there was no demonstration whatever. Baron Richthofen, the Prussian Commi-sioner, and the Chevalier de Benzi, the Sardinian Comrissioner, are the most popular after the French Cominissioner Safet Effendi and M. von Liehanan, the Austrian, are generally esteemed, but the dislike enter. tained to their Governments is to a certain extent reflected upon them. Sir Henry Bulwer and the Russian, M. Basily, are living enigmas for the Wallachians. The first is cold and impenetrable beyond expression; the second affects so much reserve, and keeps so much In the background, thb,t his intentions are generafy mistrusted." The fol 'owing private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " MARSETLLES, Szpv. 3. Marshal R%ndon has arrived fromn Algiers. He was saluted here by the artillery of the forts." " TRIESTE, SFPT. 3. "InteUligence has been received from Constantinople to the 29th nlt. The Sultan was about to send an Envoy to Spain to consolidate his relatlons with that Power. "Nothing new had taken place concerning the Princlpalities. " From Palestine the intelligence was not satisfactory, as disorder was increasing. At Jerusalem, the Latin Patriarch was so menaced that he had tendered his resignation. The Consul of France had interfered. Throughout Syria nothing was heard but threats against the Christians." The receipts of the Paris and Orleans Railway Company for the week ending the 2Gth of August amonnt to 1,138,670f. 1Gc., beina a decrease of 23,987f. 59c., as compared with the corresponding week of last year. The receipts from the 1st of January to the 26th of August amnount to 37,434,831f. 90c., being an increase of 5,875,620F. 24c., as compared with the corresponding period of the year 1856. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. 5c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 92f. 90c. , Orleans Railway shares at 1,426f. 2.5c.; Great Norther, 867f. S0c. ; Strasburg, 680f.; New Shares, 660f.; Paris to Lyonand the Mediterranean, 877f. boc.; Western of Prance, 725f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 635f. ; Greet Central of France, 61 2f. S0c.; Lyons and Geneva, 670f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobiller, 86Sf. ; Austrian Railways, 646f. 25c.; Russian Railways, S11f. 25c. Cours AtLshenique.-PARis, Sept. 4.-Cash iroes.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not relmbursable for 10 years), 921. 90c. 75c.; Four per Cents., 80f. 50c.; Three D' r Cents., 66f. 75c. 70c. 75c. 80c. 85c.: Bank of France, 2,776t.; ditto (275f paid), 2.77Mf.: Cr6dit Fonoier, 555f. 550f. - ditto Oblizations of 500F., Four per Cents., 428f. 75o. 427f. flOe. 42Sf. 75s.; ditto Three per Cents., 392f. 5c. 390f.; ditto T'enths, Four per Cents. 871. *5Oc.; ditto Tenths, Three per C'en,ts., 80f., Prom. Ohligat;ons of I,011M Three per Cents., 9501.; CSdit MWobiller, 890f. 885f. 870f. 860f. 81.if 8501. 862f. 5Oc. 8651.; Piedvnoutess Five per Cents., 90M.; ditto Thxree per Cents., 54f.; Auistrian lyve Der Cents., 891 Belgian Four-aurd-a.alf per Cents., 99t*; Rente de Naples (Rothschild), 110f. 50c.; Rnonaa. 86.4 86. Exchange on London, at xight, paper, 2ef. 22.i; - money, 25f. 17 i.; three months, paper, 24f. 87',c.; money, 24f. 85O. (1'noM OUR OwN Con R On-'a'.| BIARRITZ, SEPT. 3. Those who have the advantage of personal intercourse with the French Emperor affirm that no one raore easily, or indeed more gracefully, unbends from the caresof State,or enjoys with moregustothe amuserments which relieve the preoccupation and fatigues of busiuAse. It is true these amiable qualities are not axpressed very. -sividly in his countenance, whiohi, eTeni in his. moet careless hQurs, retains its austere or pensive cast, and makes the nfost thoughtless of the courtly circle feel that His Imperial Majesty is among them, but not of them; tbat b;s eye, though marking with pleasure the abandon of thowe whose office, as whoae inclination, is to please, is atill the eye of the master, and that his voice, though low and sometimes soft, may abruptly countermand the most charming adventure by sea or land ever im,zgined by an adventurous spirit. The occasional absence of a master does not seriously affect his authoritg; it perhaps endears him the more to those he qui*s, and the feeling excited by his return may amply compensate for the pain of temporary separation. The departure of the Emperor from this place seems, in fact, to have produced on the courtly circle pretty much the same effect that the removal ef the cork does on a bottle of champagne. Chamberlains, officers of the household, pages, fan beare-s and train bearers, maids of honours and ladies iu waiting, even the steady medimvals, whose special duty it is to keep the younger members of the Court in spirits at the approa^h of ennui, would, I have no doubt, see with sincere pleasure the Emperor back again; but, like the generous and exhilarating liquid, liberated from the soft restraint which confines while it concentrates its expansiveness, they have ceased to feel the pressure from above, and it is evident that their spirit is more free and more buoyant than a week or ten days ago. It would be captiour to criticize those who merely enjoy the opportunities which fortune presents to them. With them no care, no sorrow, dulls the natural sense of enjoyment. For them the present is bright, and the futire without a shadow. The ills that may be abroad light not upon their shoulders-the sighs we hear now and then are not of their heaving-the tears that even here may dim the eye are not of their shedding. Then the weather is most lovely, the mountain and the valley irresistible in their beauty, the ocean with its broad bosom calm as an infant's sleep, or only ruffled into dimples. The means of N enjoyment without the slightest fatigue are unbounded. Carpe diem is a good maxim; it seems to be nowhere better understood or practised than at the Villa Eugenie. On Saturday last the stearmer Pelican, stationed in the Adour for the convenience of the Court, received orders to proceed immediately to this place, as the Imperial party decided on making an excursion by sea. The Pelican, traditionally unselfish and self-sacrificing, at once obeyed. At 3 o'clock she stood out before the Villa Eugenie, ready to take her passengers on board. There is hardly an hour of the long summer day when the heights, theorags, and the beachof Biarritz arenot thronged with loungers, and the slightest stir at the Chlteau of the Emperor draws crowds in that direction. Where was the Empress going? Was the excursion meant for San Sebastian, Bilboa, Santander, or Gibraltar ?-or a trip to Bordeaux? While idle people were trying to guess at the object of the voyage, a number of able-bodied servants, in the usual green livery, descended to the beach, where the ships' boats, covered over with awning, were already in wraiting, bearing large boxes aud packages evidently stocked with creature comforts in their solid and liquid form. Long-necked bottles peeped from hampers, and suggested delicious thoughts of iced champagne. From these and other symptoms it was clear that the commissariat department was well attended to, and that a consider able allowance was made for the effect of the sea air in whetting the appetite. The Imperial party soon appeared. The carriages, containing a number of ladies and gentlemen, drove to the beach. The Empress required little assistance to enterthe boat Some of the otber ladies did not display so much agility. There were two or three whose amplitude of robe was so enormous, so much beyond even the exaggerated fashion of the day, as to occasion some impediment to their being conveniently deposited in the boat. A good deal of merriment was excited among the crowds who thronged the cliffs anad beach at that wonderful expansion of crinoline, and the sailors seemed puzzled as to how so much spare canvas could be stowed. It was conjectured that the fair wearers anticipated one of those accidents from which those who go down to ihe great waters are not alwavs exempt, with laudable foresight had provided against them, and would use the appendage in question as life buoys in case of necessity. Passengers, provisions, and crinolines being all got safely, though tnot without difficulty, up the ahip's sides, the happy Pelican steamed away. It has beenremarked with pleasure by her countrymen how national the Empress is in her tastes and partialities, notwithstanding any appearance to the contrary, and in spite of a French education. Between the thorougbly Spanish nature and the French there is little real sympathy. The etiquette of the Tuileries, the less pretentious life of St. Cloud, or even the villegiatora of VflMe Nueve l'Etang, are little in comparison with the feeling excited by the iron-bound coast of Spain, viewed even from the Atalaya of Biarritz, or by the breezes that come down from her mountains and ravines. Talk of the charms of the Italian opera, or the graces of the French ballet, with the magnificent toilette and flashing diamonds from the boxes.-what are they to the feelings excited by a bullfight, where every toro despatches his four or five horses, while a worthy successor of Sevilla carries the lance, and the Chiclanero or the Salamanquino Is the espada. The happiest moments the Empress spends are, pro.- bably, during her sojourn iu this part of France. Itis, to be sure, still the soil of France, but the country of her birth is within sight, and at a few hours' distance. Here she sees the familiar faces of other days; here she a'most lives. over again the life of ber anti-imperial days; and, though Biarritz is not Carabanchal, nor the All6es Mariues the Prado, yet here every object reminds her of that time when she was Eugenie MIontijo. When the Empress makes an excursion by sea during her Biarritz holyday she is sure to turn towards Spain. On Saturday the Pelican directed her flight to the mouth of the Bidassoa, and landed her party at Fontarabia Bands of dancers were improvised for the amusement of the Empress, and the national dances performed; and Her Majesty might point with pride to the superiority of the Basque Zorzico, or of the Jota Aragonesa, with all their k -isser a er grace of movement over the swirmings and contortions of the ballet of the Rue Lepelletier. When the population of Fontarabia had danced their best the Empress and her ladies went on to Hendaya. The Alcade was absent, but the parish priest, accompanied by a number of the population, received Her Majesty and her friends with acclamations. But night was now approaching, and Her Majesty had been informed that, in consequence of the fall of the tide, it would be difficult to get to Biarritz. [She seemed so loth to quit Spanish soil that she would probably have run the riBk of being out at sea all night. The party, however, got on board, and the Pelican steamed back towards Biarritz. The apprehensions abont the tide were well-founded; the ship should have returned an hour or two before. The Biarritz pilot, who was to take the vessel in did not answer the hail, and it was thought more prudent to go on to Bayonne, and try to cross the bar. But it was found the bar could not be crossed from the same cause which prevented the approach to Biarritz. The Pelican; returned to the waters of Biarritz; after some delay the party was embarked in boats at some distance from the shore, and landed on the beach. It was past 12 o'clock when the Vill&,, Eag6nie was reached. During this interestag joi;xney, rendered doubly Interestin g by tl'. uwApected incident that occurred, ta Empress mai'tained her usual high spirits. The ldies Who had been remarked for Oahe extraor dinasy amplitude of t ?eir drets, had no occasion to use them for purposes of salvage if any such intention existed. No unpleasu'ut accident occurred during the excursion. One or two of the gentlemen suffered, it is said, from sex-sickness. It was playfuUy suggested that a si:ce of rich ham was an effectual remedy in sucht cases, but the bare mention of a viand so welcome at other times seems to have increased rather than diminished the disagreeable sensation. The persons who have a stronger claim to sympathy than even the belated voyagers, were the 25 guests who had been invited to dine at the chateau that evening. The diDner hour was 9 o'clock, the invited were of course punctual in their attendance. Halfpast 9 came, but there was no sign of the Imperial hostess. 10 sounded, and no one came. Some began to suspect that there was a mistake; but the delay was borne with exemplary patience, and the courage that encountered the eventual danger of a protracted fast was worthy of Sparta. The next day (Sunday) the Empress proceededto St. Esprit, after iitnessing a regatta on the Adour, to attend to the bullfight. She was accompanied by the persons usually in waiting, and by a number of Spanish ladies, one or two of whom wore the costume of the Andaluslan Maja. The. Basque population were not numerous in their attendaece, owing to religious scruples; they preferred waiting till the next day. 3,000 strangers had, however, come in from Bordeaux,Mont de Marsan, Dax, Toulouse, Pau, and various other parts of ihe neighbouring departments, in addition to the ordinary floating population of Bayonne. The hotels, lodging-houses, and other places of entertainment were insufficient for the accowmoodation of the strangers. The court-yards had to be fitted up as temporary dining rooms, and s]eeping room was provided in the corridors. Several who could not find a shelter in the houses passed the night a la belle foile, and satched a few hours' repose the next morning in the fields. This was no great inconvenience, as the weather was beautifuL When the Empress entered her box in the bull-ring more than 6,0uo persons had already taken their places. The bull-fihters and the public were becoming rather impatient at the sport being delayed so much beyond the ususl time, waiting for the Court. Operations were begun without any delay, and lasted the usual time. The six bulls were speared pierced with darts, and fought in the ordinary fashion, and at last killed when their turn came. The bull-fighters did their best to merit the applause of the Empress and of the ladies who occupied her box, and who were moro competent than the mere French spectators to appreciate the ability of the artistes. These distinguished persons entered fully into the spirit of the amusement, and applauded at the proper moment, No accident occurred like that of the previous Sunday, and the maiming of a human being was fortunately wanting to the excitement. The Empress and her party remaiued to the last moment. They returned la e in the afternoon to Biarritz, and a ball at the Villa Eug6nie terminated the amusements of the day. TURKEY. (FROM OUR OWE- COBRBESPONlET.) CONSTANTINOPLSi, AUG. 26. The Moldavian elections are annallcd. The decision of the Porte has already bee-a'transmitted to Jassy by the wire, and communicated to all the Embassies. This ends the Ambassadors' strike. They will again hoist their flags, and we shaUl be called upon i o witness the counterpart of the imposing ceremonies I have already described to you. The armorial shields will be restored with due pomp to the fro'ntcns of their several residences. The Russian Eagles, which had b^en deprived of their wings, and concealed under extinguiahers, will have their wings screwed on again, and once more grace the top of the iron railing in front of the Russian Palace in Pera &c. All these petty dramatic performances are, perhaps, very effective and necessary to give due weight and dignity to certain diplomatic representations; but the vulgar eye cannot help eeeing some ridicule in them. At any rate, in this instance they seem to have been gone into somewhat hastily. What was the use of a diplomatic rupture, when it might have been foreseen that it could not be of long duration ? It must have been known that the august personages who govern France and England, and in reality rule the destinies of the world, would not sacrifice all the advantages of a strongly-cemented union for a matter, after all, indifferent to both. But personal air&io_ sity got the best of reason, and produced excesses too great even to be mentioned. It must be admitted that the conduct of the Porte throughout this incident has been marked with great dignity and courage. It was bound by the Treaty of Paris not to accede to demands about which all the contracting Powers were not agreed; therefore it very properly declined to annul the Moldavian elections, and resisted every effort to force i' to that step. But as soon as England and Austria join the other Powers, and recommend this measure, the Porte consents at once. This resistance of the Porte has produced a great result; it has convinced the world that the Turks will not lightly give up their rights over the Principalities, nor consent to a union which would be the commencement of a dismemberment, and the Emperor of the French, who till now has so strongly advocated the union, forced to admit the justice of the Sultan's pretensions, coDsents to modify his policy, and to allow the status qu to continue. It is this change in the French policy which has led to so easy a settlement of the dispute. Once awsured that the French would not insist on the union, neither Austrians nor Turks cared about maintaining the elections; and, as for England, it does not appear that we ever had any direct interest in the matter. We simply defended the best interests of Turkey. Orders have already been forwarded to Jassy to proceed to new elections. Another Divan will soon be returned, but, like all Moldavian Divans, it will probably be a servile assembly, and throw but little light on any questions it may be required to elucidate. Redschid Pasha, placed by the late political events at the head of the rauzimat Council, has taken advantage of his position there to expedite a great deal of business which had been stopped there by the dilatoriness of his predecessors. Several iii- portant projects have thus received in a few days the sanction of the Council, and wil shortly receive the approbation of Ministers and be subiaitted to the Sultan. Among these is the project of the Euphrates Valley Telegraph, to which thelate events in India have given such, great importanc. The Council has alzo approved of the projected railway from Samsoun to Siva-,, and consented to allow a guarantee of 7 per ce7at. on the capital required to an English compa gy, represented here by Dr. Laikins.
AMERICA. (BY 'ALECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) Si ,UTEIAMPTON, SATURDAY MORNNG. The Euro'-,ea, and American Company's steam ship Argo, Captain Benson, has arrived at Cowes, and P1cO Aded on to London. She leP; New York on the 19th ult. at 3.30 p.m., and her news has bcen anticipated. She has had strong easterly winds. The Argo brings 3904 passengers for Southampton, LODf son, and Havre, and 83 for Bremen. Her carp O enoists of 1000 tons of general meretlandi e for London and Bremen, and. $20,000 in s iecie. Spoke Auguist 25th, in lat. 43 W., long. 53 W., the Achilles, of Philadelphia, for London; September 2d, in lat. 47 N., long. 16 W., Nor-Wesfer, of Baltimore, sieanning east; September Wd, in lat. 48 40 N., long. 30 W., Louise Bi;gandon, from 'Valparaiso, for Liverpool, and Seraphina, bound e3st.
T1lE SOUTHERN STATES OF AMERICA. (PRoM OUR S1PWA,L 0ORR rSPOWDqEN. ) UUiARLESTON, S. CAROLINA, Aua. 20. From the mouth of Chesapeake Bay southwrards to Florida and the Gulf of Mexico the seaboard of the continent has one general character. It is a vast alluvial region, a belt of level, marshy country, varying in breadth from 50 to 100 miles inland. This tract is not picturesque in scenery, but densely wooded, of the brightest verdure, and rich in vegetation almost to excess. Much of it is sandy, but there is no visible barrenness; all the drier portions are covered with pine and oak, while the swamps and the banks of the rivers and creeks rival the jungles of the tropics in productiveness, though the fertiIity is not always profitable. But every variety of the soil-land, swamp, peat, mere quagmrire or the rich black earth of the river banks,-the last a perpetual feast to the agricultural eye, all speak of the action of water, old or recent, at least in the geological sense, that science dealing as indefinitely with time as astronomy with space. The present forest is rooted on the 'wrecks of an older one, which appears to have grown in a swampy region also. There has been a long contention here between land and water, and there are many tracts in which the conflict is not yet decided, neither element haring obtained the full mastery. Mrshes extend into the sea, and the sea penetrates far into the land, cutting up the more solid soil into oountless islands, with labyrinths of water between them that would sorely perplex any but local navigators. Towards the open ocean these islands throw up a barrier to the advance of the sea in long lines of white, sandy beach, but on the edge of the continent they thus defend land anid water are so mingled it is often difficult to say where the line of separation between them should be drawn, or whether any such division really exists. The fishermian's boat pushes through reed and sedge the tiller, of -the soil wades in semi-fluid mud, and the chief product of the region-rice-must be flooded with water to ripen. All is watery earth of the most recent formation, soft and in the gristUe only hardening into the to£1e of rock far in the interior. There is a greater variety of soil than could be supposed, judging only by the eye, the whole being "with verdure clad ;" and the distribution is very capricious; the extremes of richness that invitej and sterility that repels cultivation may be found side by side. And, though little difference of level can be perceived, there is high land -aow...There are sand.ridges and pine "barrens," an*th& oak ana hickory land, green and flonrishing enough in their Eeveral kinds of vegetation, but not grateful to the cultivator. They have, however, the advantage of a superior atmosphere, and are more healthy, or retherless unhealthy, than the swampy tracts interspersed among them; they are islands of refuge in a sea of miasma. But capital prefers the swamps, of which, again, there are various kinds and divisions. The rice plant flourishes only where it can be irrigated at the proper seasons with fresh water; what is salt or brackish is fatal to it. The rice plantations are, therefore, inland, but bordering on the rivers, which must be themselves brought under command, so as to be turnedl on r off the fields at wilL Cotton will grow to the very edge of the ocean, and thriTes in sea air; the finest quality, the " Sea Island" cotton, is raised, as the name implies, on the islands of thecoast before mentioned. The two staples may be seen growing by the side of each other; but cotton descends the rivers to the sea shore, which rice does not. There is an i-npression that cultivation in the Slave States is slovenly, wasteful, and careless, and statements are floated about the world by repetition that slave labour has an inherent tendency to produce such sine against economy and, good management. But they abound most vwlerever labour is scarce and dear; cultivation on the small farms of the North is generaby rough and imperfect, quite as much so from the dearness of free labour as in the vrain fanrs of the upland districts of the Southern States among the poorer proprietors, -who have but a small number of slaves. 'Where there is not emough labour the agriculture must be alovenlyaudmakeeshift, whethertheagency emploCed is that of the bond or free. Bad cultivation may be foun& under both systems in the North as well as the South. There is no line of demarcation between half plougbed fieilds, ragged fences, and weedy crops; and the Northern farmer who cannot hire an addiWonal labourer must leave much undcone5 lust the same as his Southern compeer, who cannot buy another slave. But where there is enough black labour at command, as in the rich seaboard platitations of the Soutb, the tillage is not slovenly or imperfect; it is the very reverse. The cultivation of rice requires more skill and care than that of any other kind of grain, and would not be profitable unless those qualities were constantly exercised. A rice plantation is an example of very " high farming " indeed, with elaborate appliances of dykes, embankments, canals, locks, and flood-gates to guide the artificial irrigation. A fertility equal to that of the valley of the Nile is produced under conditions much more difficult than those imposed on the Egyptian. The labour and machinery necenwary to command the supply of water at the proper time and get ria of it again ane much more complicated than the simple ploughing and sowing for the grain of Northern soils and climates. And writh rai,ing the rico plant to ripeness the work is little more than balf done; steam-mills with yet more expensive machinery are required to prepare the grain for market; the rice planter must be something of a mamnfarctur also. The grain has to be crashed out of the husk, its imer kiu to bsealed off and the germ removed by aprocem like pouuding in a mortar; and it miugt b rubbed and brnsihed fto a pearly wbiteness and Win. nowred clear of the dust and flour befote it ia fit for sale. On the larger plantationx the work is done by the private mills and machinery erected on them, but there are public mills in. the towns in which the grain is prepared, and payment ftr the work taken by a toll. Altogether, raising and preparing rice involve an amount of sddlled labot.r, or skilful direction of labour, equal to that displa-ed in the highest Cultivated countries; there i3 nothing More perfect in Belgium or Iloland Indeed, there is about a large rice plantation a good deal that is Datch, both in aspect ancd method. The high embanmkments between the fields and the river, the interior *zttingJ and channele, the locks and water-gates, are; all m=.ny "bits" of lIollmnd_ even the frogs armr not wanting to complete the resemblance. But there iaoue notable diversity-the thicket of reeds and aquatic plants on the river slope of the embanksenta i6 the favourite resort of alligatora, a fact w2iv i considerably checks any vagrant or botanizing: tandexcies. Through this regioe -of swvamp and marsh, botween level banks, and kaneatr a luxariant vegetation that sometimes sai,ts the Eoil from the sun, two streams find their way slowly to separate iarmz of the ocean; both rirers,rat et in a- land-lool-ed bay, and on the peninsula they. eL idlo3e stands Charleston, the metropolis of Sarth Carelina. The city is flat-ery flat-being littW abovo-the water loveL Much of its present site ha;s ibecn recdaimed ftom the s, which still cuts invl it in spacious, tido covered" lots," thatstore up av-ceap powerfor sawmil2s, and furnish dock room f - timber raftg. Commerce bas not yet crushed evwry thing out of the place biet shops and warehouses, attd run up every square foot of ground to incredibl3 price,; so it is. still a city of gardens, which are numerous, well kept, and abounding in lowe-s,5 The magnolia, the nsonarch of blonsoming tresss is common, and roses grow in profusion, trith vines and creepers of many forms ar& hues, trained over fancifully designed frames intl obelisks and pyramids, or even harps and fountains, stringed and fprayed with verdure. Horticulture, which is sadly neglected, if not wilfully despised, throughout most of the continent of America, seems in Charleston a customary pu-suit with many amateurs and skilful practitioners also. A country garden even on a respectable farm seldom goes beyond Indian corn, cabbages, and pumpkins, and a labourer's cottage surrounded with such inuuilities as roses and jatmins is almost unknown; very rarely have the humbler abodea anything more about them than the naked rail fence and a few washing tubs. It is only in the neighbourhood of the cities and large town, or even within their bounds, in any ease, in the vicinity of w-ealth, that garden culture prevails. Yet wherever earth and water exist the neatnoss, beauty, and refinement of flowers and shrubs need not be monopolized by money. A general taste for them appears yet to be createdi; in Charleston it is probably inherited, 'or it is in many respects an Englisb city, notwithstanding some d-idedly Southern arramgements. Sorao characteristics of the " old couLitry " are as thoroughly impressed upo. ib as on Boston. No South Carolinisn -will think this a compliment,-for to retemble Boston in anything is not his ambition. But it is true, nevertheless. In what the resemblance consists it is diflicult to define precisely; perhaps,. in the traces of a nowr obsolete style, and a eertain solidity and sturdiness in the manner of building, as if the first citizens beEeved they had settled for good, and were not merely speculating in town lots and water fronlages. The ground plan of old Charleston, like the constitution of the State, was. sent out- from England. The constitlution was drawn up by Locke (of the H,rmont Uwlerstandinq) ; but who laid down the plsn of the eity is not known. Fora new country all things should be done on the spot, imported schemes seldom suiting the locality. Locke's elaborate constitution, with an intricae machinery of palatines, landgraves, and caciques (au odd mixture of Mexican and Teutonic titles)* with strict gradations of rauk-s and dignities, was a,dea4 failuro, and has long been swept away. The plan of the city was, unfertianately, a sucoess; that is, it was adopted, and the English architect having made the streets too narrow, they so rermain, except where they have been widened at the publio expense,-a costly correction of the original omor,-or have been laid down in more ment times with a, more liberal allowance of space. -With an E&glish plan, the first settlers seem tWJha.. fiorted, the art of making the true Englgish brick lso-the dull, neutral tinted articlo of which we ha"e so many melancboly miles in London. They help to give Charleston a genuine British colour.; ths sFane material in a town Americam. from the foundation is a brigbt red. The Southern. features of the city are the spacious balconies and verandahs which are commons through the whole region of the South, and ought to be univorsal, for the summen of the North also make shade a luxury. The houses ought to throw out an external screen whsrever men are compelled to uAs the umbrella and fan. But a dwelling so fitted must-be isolated,, and Charleston can sill afford the space required for it, which many other cities cannot. The constant sea breeze and the skilful arranganments for ventilation make even the summer heats endurable within the city;, but beyond it, on the marshes, the season has its peril& Tho swamps, alwaya unhealtby, are speaially dangerous by night. To sleep on a ricoe plantation is a riak the nativea have been taught by long ens-erience to n>'old. By day the grounds may be traversed with impunity; but the night ani; " sleeping got," is fatal. Railways have sup-erEedei the river steamers as the mode of conveyaace to the country districts; to miss the "last tzain," therefore, at 'the close of a day's excursioio is a mare serious dilemma than being similarly stranded at Greenwich or Richmond. The course in such a case is to hunt up some fri-ndlty houso in a 4' pine barreu," thosa tracts being less liable to the sickly influence of the marahes proper; or, if that is impracticable, to return to the mansion you have left and literilly mak-e a night of it, kindling . large wood fire, a3 oue mneans of defying the foul fiend. malaria, and assisting the defenco with cigars and. brand-and-wa-er. Sleep must be kept of Xby every axpednxit; nor must you venture out till the sBin is. well above the horizon. Ono might be tempted to risk tho danger once for the variety of the bivouac; but tWe seniors shake their heads, ana would rather 1aot
BARNE= GREAT STOCK AND HOUBSE F -Yes. terday (Friday) this celebrated cat;le fAir commenoed. and, as usual, .ttracted an immense unusbor of graziers and others inteieted in live stocl. The cattle fields extended over a ve lairge extent of land, and wvre well suppled with. stock. ales eontributed largely of black Cattle and, Welsb poies ;from Scotland there were great htrds ot polled beCats and island runts; Ireland sont acme droves of well bred colts, and our homc produce empletod ths mart. With mileb cows there was a good thow of well.brd beasts, which found purchasers at 18 to 24 atnd 26 gcinea each; ditto down calring, It to 20 a:d 22 guineas; inferior bred ditto, from 12A, to 1. Welsh bemta~ W. to 141. a-hed heifers, 6 to 101; Scotch steers, 121 to 171. disto runts Sl. to 10.I. home bred beiter, 10. to I.V. ditto yearlin.'e, 57Y to Si; and. klf fatted beasts, 121. tW J!. Business was transmcted slowly, but high pricc weib mnade. In tbo borse arket those was a line stow of cattle, and an activeA sal wa carried on. Cartborses, young and well seasoned, and adapted for London purposes, ruade from 4J to G0 guillP ; ditto, for amieultere1 work, ,0 to 40 gnincas: eti eolts, 25 to 40 gusi,ea; nags, ° to 4S guineas. The droves of Irish oolts vere of firstclas4 qul'Aty, and unltoje anjin%lls were selected at 30 to 40 guineas and others made 20 to 2S gtinaer. Among Welah nonies there was a brisk and sruning btmue~ss; these tlhipuAlan aimals were huddled up in large droves, k and, si1d and inubaltsred, weore, whets selected by a purchasr, seised npon by the Welch horsedesIer ard nustled out fo,r view. The breed among thia class of ponies I s oi lte vears rmuch improved, and tey obtined prices sss4si;from S to 12 and 16 gulne3 ,b Tt !ita WU t-Aj pafrhr4y),
FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCB. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR O CORSPOKDT.) V1aENLNA. AUG. 31. According to the Czas, a Russian corps d'arr,ie is being concentrated in the south-west part of the kingdom of Poland, and it excites the more attention, as four cavalry regiments have been placed in Stopnica and Miechow, districts in which there is always a dearth of hay. The Schlesische Zeitung is inclined to believe that the extensive fortifications at Cracow have led to the demonstratior. on the part of Russia, but this is not probable. The Austrian organs of the press have repeatedly declared that Austria wou'ld again occupy the Danubian Principalities if the rafusal of the Porte to agree to their union should lead to any disturbances, and it is possible that the information attracted the attention of Russia, and induced her to concentrate troops in the neigbbourhood of Cracow. By placing two powerful armies in Gallieia and Transylvania Austria forced Russia to retire from Wallachia and Moldavia, and Prince Gortschakoff is now paying Count Buol in kind, for he cannot possibly venture to send troops into the Danubian Principalities if the Russians assemble in force near Cracow, which -will eventually be one of the strongest fortresses in Europe, but is now very far from being finished. A glance at the map will show you that the distance irom Cracow to Vieina is not great, and that the fortress of Olmiltz is too far to the west to be a serious impediment to an enemy entering Austria by way of Gallicia. It is now known that the two great German Powers are as little satisfied with the Danish draught of a constitution for Holstein as are the Estates of that province, and it may be exDected that the matter will, sooner or later, be brought before the German Diet. In the draught there is no mention of the separate administration of the HolsteinI,auenburg domain, the proposed sale of which was the principal cauae of the misunderstanding between Denmark and the German States. Russia and France favour Denmark, and there is reason to believe that England approves their policy. The news of the approaching meeting between the Emperors Alexander and Napoleon has produced an extremely unpleasant impression here, but the official organs of the press do not consider it necessary to say that such is the case. MissStewart,theEngliah "sister of charity," who is expected to arrive here on the 22d of September, will have lodging, board, and service free of expense in the General Hospital, where she purposes passing three months. Tho managers of the other Vienna hospitals have also been ordered to give her any information she may require. Mr. Brett i now endeavouring to persuade the Austrian Government to lay down a submarine telegraph between Ragusa and Alexandria. The Emperor will have completed his Hungarian journey on the 6th of September. When at Presburg a few days since one of the amusements provided for the people was firing at targets and for a time His Majesty remained a passive looker on, but some bad shots excited his impatience, and, taking Up a rifle,he at the first shot put a bullet into the bull's eve. The Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian and tbe Archduchess Charlotte will make their solemn entry into Milan on the 6th of September. THE DANUBIAN PRINCIPALITIES. ('ieOM oRUlt owNr CoRRBsPoNDENT.) BUCHARlEST, AUG. 26. If one tries to explain the whimsical freaks of diplomacy in the East one must either give up the hope of finding out the key to them or else take refuge behind Tristram Shandy's theory, which attributes all oddity of character to the inconstancy of the air and of the climate. In the minds of most of your readers the climate of Constantinople is probably equivalent to eternal sunshine and gentle breeaes. Let them drop this illusion, for they will be nearer the truth if they represent to themselves the lovely Bosphorus as the battlefield between the boisterous chilly Boreas coming from the snowtopped Balkan and Caucasus and rushing down the funnel-like channel of Constantinople, and the burning Sirocco creeping up slowly buat steadily through the Sea of MIarmora until he encounters his sturdy antagonist from the north half-way up the Bosphorus, where the castles of Asia and Europe, the earliest monuments of Turkish success, stand out of the water. It is, above all, in the end of the month of July and the month of August that the struggle between the two rivals is hottest. Every morning the Champion of the South sends up his avant garde, which steals gently along, scarcely rippling the smooth surface of the waters, but by degrees gathering force he soon sweeps as unlimited master over the lower half of the Bosphorus, and sometimes almost penetrates into the Black Sea. But he does not long enjoy his triumph, for at the hour of noon down come the forces of his antagonist with such fury that all resistance is in vain, and in less than an hour he regains the ground he had lost in the morning. Thisepoch is thought extremely favourable for ripening water-melons and grapes, but I need scarcely tell you that it is just asunfavourable to the temper, and while it sweetens the forrmer it sours the latter considerably. It is therefore par xcellencithe month for thundering diplomatic notes. It seems this season is now over, for the news from Constantinople is pacific. The Porte has at last accepted the arrangement made between the French and English Governments at Osborne. It held out up to the last moment, until the French Ambassador fixed a term within which he would take his departure, unless the Turkish Government gave its conseiit to the arrangement concluded at Osborne. This obstinacy, or, if you like it better, firmness, is so much the more incomprehensible as the Porte would have yielded before had it not been for the English and Austrian Ambassadors, and now both these latter had instructions to induce the Porte to give up the point. It seeims the Porte thought, or was perhaps persuaded to think, that it owed such a resistance to its own dignity, and that by yielding only to a threat it threw the odium of the whole transaction on those who applied the pressure. I cannot help thinking that this calculation was false, for playing the victim may make individuals interesting, but it does not add to the diguity of a State: it is simply a visible sign of its weakness, which ought to be as much as possible concealed. Yesterday the Turkish Commissioner communicated this result to his colleagues, and the orders have already gone to Moldavia to annul the elections. A period of 16 days has been fixed withiu which the electoral lists are to be amended and the explanations made by the commission for Wallachia applied " as far as local circumstances permitted such an application." I lay stress upon the last part of this phrase, which, unless it be put in only to save appearances, will cause new difficulties. The excuse for not applying in Moldavia the explanatioas made for Wallachin were just the peculiar local circumstances. Is it probable that these " peculiar local circumstances" have now been clearly explained at Constantinople, and that there will be no misunderstanding about them V On the contrary, the whole complication was brought about by such misunderstandings. The Ambassadors at Constantinople could not determine what they meant when they ordered that the explanations made for Wallachia should be communicated to the Eaimakan of Moldavias Some thought this meant an order for the latter to act upon them; the others meant a simple notification, whicb he was at liberty to follow or no" 'fluh imrssion,taefore lef o th mid.y.h - *he ipreasion, therefore, left on the mlnd by the clause about the local circumstances is that the diplomatic game is not over, and that the present agreement is only an armistice; nor can this be otherwise as long as the vicious principle is followed on which the reoroanization of the Principalities has been begun anY continued hitherto. The commission is based on a falsehood. The Treaty of Paris says that a commission composed of the delegates of the contracting Powers should go to the spot and ascertain the wishes of the MoldoWallachians about their future organization. On the report of this commission a new congrems at Paris should settle definitively the organization. As the same Treaty of Paris guarantees to the Principalities the right of an independent internal administration, the organi7ation meant to be settled at this new congress can only be the political constitution of the country; and, indeed, it was a question of this nature-namely, the union of the two provin ceswhich led, as I have explained to you before, to the commission. But when this commission was named to ascertain the wishes of those conerned the parties who appointed the conmaission had already made up their minds for or agaiDst the question. It was not a bond fid commi2sion , and each party came to the country with the view of finding the wishes of the populations in accordance 'with its own views. This is the root of the ed L The British Government, indeed, kept baok its (pinion in the beginning, and had it remained in an impartial attitude it might have succeeded in mediating between both parties, and conducting the affair to an equitable solution. Whatever its opinion was about the practical difficulties which were in the way of the unioD, and whatever its views were about the dangors which might arise to the integrity of the Ottoman Empire from the union, they ought either to have been put forward at tho Congrmes which led to the treaty, and, at any rate, before the commission begins its work, or they ought to have been reserved for the time when the definitive political constitution of the Principalities was to have been discugsed at the future Congress. Wbile the commimsion lasted the only thought ought to have been to execute faithfully the dispositions of the treaty without any an're penwse. Unfortunately, the idea arose that if the Danubian Principalities themselves should express a wish for the union, it would be difficult, if not impossible, to give due weight to the political considerations which spoke against it. This idea and the open partisanship of the Powers who were for the union induce& the British Government to abandon its original position. Thus the only possible moderating and guiding influence which might bave kept the two parties from quarrelling was lost, and at the present moment distrust, suspicion, animosity, and violence reign unmitigated. It is difficult, but by no means impossible, to regain the lost ground, for the impreesion is pretty general that the imprudent line of conduct pursued at Constantinople was owing to the party feelings raging there rather than to any fault of the British Government, and it is only necessary to take measures against the recurrence of such an event, and to keep steadily to the principle that the wishes of the MIoldo-Wallachians shall be consulted in all fairness, and the violence of the otber parties is sure to procure a preponderance for the Power which shall follow, not the passions of the moment, but justice and fairness. In order, however, to arrive at any result whatever, and in order to save the whole commission from an untimely end, it is absolutely necessary that all the Powers should come to some sort of understanding about the respective positions of the Ambassadors and Commissioners. The Treaty of Paris places the Principalities under the collective protectorate of the contracting Powers, and makes them an European question as regards their reorganization; but, on the other hand, Turkey has the right of suzerainty over these provinces, and it was in pursuance of this right that she established the Provisional Government of the Kaimakans, and issued the firman for the convocation of the Divans. You wiU lremember that from the beginning the Ambassadors considered the whole question as one concerningtwoprovinces of the OttomanEmpire,consequently belonging to their exclusive domain, and they seem to have had as yet no reason for altering their views in this respect. I cannot give you a better proof of this than by telling you that during the fortnight the late negotiations about the annulling of the Moldavian elections were going on in Constantinople no member of the commission received a word by telegraph from the representative of his Government in the Turkish capital. Whenever any differences arise nobody knows who is to decide; the Turkish Government, together with the representatives of the six Powers at Stamboul, decide by what instrument the wishes of the Moldo-WaaHachians should be consulted, and yet it is a commission nominally independent of this authority which has to work with this instrument, and to see that it has no flaw. Irregularities are committed in Moldavia, the Commissioners sit at Bucharest, and the Ambassadors at Constanatinople, and some decide that aU is right, while others maintain that all is wrong. How can anybody be surprised that angry note3 are written and relations interrupted, and when the Governments take the matter into their own hands they and every one else find that a most harmonious understanding reigns between al the parties, and that it was only a slight misunderstand. ing, which occurs even in the best-regulated honseholds 7 Unless it is really the universal intention to break up the commission, something should be devised to put an end to this confusion, else there will be chronic diffliculties recurring at every new moon. The commission has been sent here for the exprees purpose of hearing the wishes of the population. Who, then, should judge whether proper means are taken for this but this selfsame commission ? The thing seeP'- to be clear enough for any one except diplomat?%t, who might be caUed political boomerang pla?,! aiming at one thing apparently and wishing tohit another.
TRE HAIVEsT IN NoiTir WAL.s.-The haest, especialy throughout the fertile vale of Clwyd, is on the whole excellent. The wheat is a fine crop, with a very healthy grain, and in the above-named locality some is in such good condition as to be ready to be ground at once. Many fields of oats and barley have been cut and partly carried. In the neighbourhood of Towyn a good quantity of grain has been gathered in prime condition- but we re gret to state that this locality has been severefy visited b; the potato blight, almost every field and garden bein affected-in some cases virulently. In the neighbourhood of Barmouth the disease has also made its appearance. A party of Irish reapers, numbering nearly 400, became much disaffeeted on their arrival at Holyhead on Tuesday, in consequence of there not being a steamaer to convey them back to a)ublin. They ultimately forced their way on board the express steamer which was about to start for Kingstown and took their passage forthwith, higbly delighted at tho dis. comfiture of the railway officials. THE EICTIoN EXiEws iN DonsHrsHm .-The return of the expenses ineurred at the late eleotion for the county of Dorset has now been issued. The joint expenditure of the three Conservative candidates, Mesrs. Key Seymer, Floyer, and H. G. Sturt, is certified to have been 5,9551. 7s. 2d., a third part of which is charged to each Mr. Floyer, however, not having been elected, is exetnuted from the fees chargeable for the sheriff's return, which makes their respective expenses stand thus --Mr. Seymer, 2,0161. 12d. 4d;d - Mr Sturt, 2,0161 12s. 4'd, - and Mr Floyer, 1,9s55- 2s. 4;'d. The fees to their eiection agents amount to upwards of 3,8701. ; and among the other items there are 7S01. lts. 7d. for horse hire, and 2951. 18s. Id. for advertising, printing, and stationery, Mr. i, Patch sent ln a claim of 171. 8s. fid. for canvassing, hoOse hire, &c., which was wholly objected to. The total expenses certifed as having been incurred by the Hon. H. W. B. Portman, who successfully contestted the oounty as a supprtr of the Government, amount to 6,1161. 18s. 7d., whch includes about 3,550-. election agenW fees; -741. 2s. 8d. for horse hire; and 4151. 9s. 2d. for advertising, printing, and stationery. Mr.W. H. Fryer, sollcitor, of Wimborne, sent in a claim of 341. 6d. 6d. for profeeional service, 131. 6a. 6d. of which was objected to, and 211. tendered and refused. GUANO.-SOMe further correspondence with the Colonial-office respecting a grant made by the Crown to raise and remove guano from the isles of Jiblee, Haski and Ghurzoad, on the south coast of Arabia, was published yesterday by order of Parliament. The correspondence refers to matters of detaiL. A. ship of war was to be sta. tioned in Kiooria-Mooria Bay for the protection of the trade there, and every attempt was to be made to conciliate the [Advertisement.1-Wy1d's New Maps of Indla.-Indea.-- Wyld's New Map of Indis. witht all the Civil and Sihtary Stations, Tablesdo Dietanoead Jo.: ld sheet,1.Ina cue, L India;showiC g the Poet Roads, Dak btations, and Raiways; one sheet, Se.; in case 7a. 6d. India and the Berman Empire-one thsetSoBe.; I caw,egg Iudia.4to, le.;in case, 2s. Jame td, op to the Queen, Otarlogwcroes east, orpposite NorthuiaLeelaar . posti-oStce. and 2, Revs! Exchange. ee, next does bo the [Advertisement.]-T Our Absolute Arstohistay-De Qclnaey on the Indian Mutiny-Empty London-Murderers tLae,-The Model Direotor-Money and .entimouy-A Company Badly OltioeredA New Dlefdotieo ot Partles-The Old Story-A Word fer an old Friend - A Bit ef Thttle-Tattle-A Model Report-Our National DereLders-LeMtm from Indian Ollicers; Extraordin aSCaSe iaslacre; Diacy of the Siege o. f d 6th-d'etn n- A Cauition about China-Hallway Bear Garden and ita Flower of Speech-Our Strength and OurWork in Indla,-Oblldren's Conoert at the Crystal Palace, &o.-See Lloyd's Weekly London Newpaper. of nws t thelatet no~net (mch lterthan any othe newspeprt.Prce d.,ofr;ynesagnt,A opy a sample, sent poet fre enrezlpeof hrspoaagoiams,. Llyd.12, SaIbury-sqare, [Advertisement.]-The " Atslo" of this day containsm Thas Week. hr Robert B. Brooch-The Indian Mutb-A right view of Thlcgs-General Hlavelock's VIctories-Private etlters &o.-The New Vacancies in Parliament-A. few Words enx Mad Dogs, UoMluralis,n-Baron Macoml%y-Diplomacy at Constantinople-A Kin)g Consort.-The Suez Caual-Mr. Coppock and the Surrey Gardens-Re. viewFs of New Boebe, the Magazines. Reviews. and Serials--English Opera at the Lyceum-The Crysal Palace-Banking lIxtellgence, and all the news of the we-ek, Price, "d stamped. Office, 6, SouthamptonItzeet. atrend. [Adveftisement.]-The IIPeople" of Saturday, September 5, unst=.ped 2d., eta"'Ped Xd. contains :-Lateet Intellgenoe Irom ludla-TbeTribane; Letter tothe Duke of Cambildge onthoDespatah ofTIboepe for India- Meetingof theGreatNorthernRaiwa Company-- Literature: Autobioraphy of Lotfull,h-The stole,; auneAmen osic John Boll-Load ing Articles on the Indisa Mutin: the lRevolt;' the Fast and the Future; the Prince Consort; %etcopotltan Elections - Rogues In Offico; the Land Tenure In India,- the God SbigBritansia5; the New Peer, Barn XAcaulay7_,atee ball etw.aserin5g InteUllgence, &0-53, Fleet-street, tendoni, and [Advertisement.]-The Rebellion in India.-Thse "ISmiday Time3s,"of Biunday ne xt, September 6, wIll contain the asat of a serije of p?pularyywritten a6rtleles, by J. H. Stooquele, REsq., formerly of tht, Uvil Secvice, and author of the " Hiandbook of India,' ko., on the Rise, P'rOlaes, and Govermeant of India, the Reltaiono of the liepoy to the Biteldh Power, and the Peculiarities oftercaatr ah Orgniztio oftheNative Army; the Canoees which have produce-d the great Mi itary Revolt ; and the mean sto be employed foy preserving the Anglo-Indian Empaire, Theee articles, from the pen of a gentleman lonigresident In iiosdetan, anuoitcnected witithoteGovernisen thee, nd wo hs fo may scre ade Indian questions the objct f hs speial~idy,canotfai tobeaccPtable to the public, and pasticularly to all those who are but ~iprfe sqau it
IRBELAND. (PRoM OUR oWN coRRESPON-DET.) DUBLIN, ThInDAY 3ioIimG. THE BRITSH ASSOCIATIOH. The papers of this morning contain ample accounts of the several trips made yesterday by the savans. There was a geological excursion to the lonely island of Lambay, a pleasant run to Wicklow by railway, and excursions to ParsonBtown and to the Arran Isles. The day, unfortunately for those who had to encounter the Channel, was as wild and stormy as any that might be expected at the approach of the autumnal equinox, and the reunion at Lambay must be pronounced a decided failure. The foUowing amusing sketch is supplied by the reporter of the Freeman's Jernal:- " The majority of the male portion of the exoursdonists carried with them stout walldcgsticks and more serviceable shoes, the better to accomplish the pedestrianism which was Involved in the contemplated excursion. Several wellappointed geologists were to be seen attired in suits of strong tweed, and provided with hammers, leather ponohes for carying specimens, oilcloth capes, scarfs, and umbrellas. Many of the lady excurslonists, however, apparently for. getful of the unpleasant meteorological fact that in our climate the rain appears to take a special delight in reserving its fall for excursions, pic-nics, promenades, and such.like proceedings, were dressed after a fashion which, thoughverytasteful,wasnotexactlyealculated to insurecomfort to thowearers on a geological excursion in moist weather over rocks and through brushwood and furm All were in hearty spirits(as exocursioniats should ever be), and were evidently determined, like sensible people, to make the most of the day. Misgivings as to the weather wrere rather general among the company, but those who professed to knowr all about the matter confidently asserted, after taking an obserration of the sky, that it would 'brighten up' presently. The sequel proved how erring is human judgment in this as in other respects. The trainstarted with its scientLiic freight at 25 mlnutes to 10 o'clock, but before it had reached the frst station from town the rain began to fall heavily. On its arrival at Howth there was a partial clearing-up, and the party walked to tho western pier of the harbour, whence they were to proceed per steamer to Lambay Isind. It was then observed that a strong gale was blowing, and that the sea was running exceedingly high. Timid people looked very serious, thought of their stomachs, and took counsel with nautical men as to whether any and what dangers attached to the proposed trip to 1ambay. As the steamer had not arrived when the excursionists assembled on the pier, the party formed itself into gr oups, and while waiting for its coming commenced seriously to discuss the advisability of going to sea under 'exsting circumsances. Several excursionists whose spirits were easy broken returned quickly to the railway station with the lntention of going back to town by return train, and after a while it wras rmoured that, owing to circumstances ovor which the directors had no control, the trip to Lambay was to be abandoned from prudential reasons. Professor Jukes then ascended an eminence, and addressing the assembled excursionists, observed to them that discretion was the better part of valour; that the council of direction was not a bibafraid of a heavy sea such as was now dashing itself against tho harbour, but that he was informed that an attempt to land at Lambay under present ciromstances would be a dangerous proceeding, and that the embarca. tion would be a great deal worse, especially after dinner. He said he was invested with a discretion in the matter, and that his sovereign will and pleasure was that the party should not go to Lambay; whereat the timid people said "H ear, hear," and the adventurous people, who knew a thing or two, or thought they did, of nautical matters, murmured dissent, and talked about other people being afraid. Instead of going to Lambay, Professor Jukes went on to say they would have a jolly walk over the Hill of Howth, after which they would come back to the place where they were now assembled at 3 o'clock, and console themselves for their disappointmentby a jollification, for which there were ample materials -cold meats, pastry, and sausages of divers kinds; whereat the timid people and the adventurous people laughed. If any of the party, he said, were desirous of washing their faces in the sea while the rest were walking over the hill, he would provide four hardy fishermen who were willing to row them to Lambay in an open beat, and anybcody that desird to steam round Irelands 13ye would be gratifed in that respect; but, for himself, he declared his determination of remaining on terra firmna. The steamer shortly after came alongside, andasnall party, consisting of about half-a-dozen gentlemen and two ladies, went on board to steam round Ireland's Eye. Of the former, one unaccustomed to the sea became very indisposed during the trip, whil the two ladles were completely sturated as tbey sat on deck by 's large wave whieh swept over the vesseL The rest of the party, numbering about 100, procoeeded with umbrellas unfurled in a body up the Hill of Howth, to the great amazement of the dwellers thereon, who were evidently sorely puzzled to make out what it aln meant. The surprise of these good people was much increased when they observed membors of the party produciag hammers from their pcockets and chip pisces ftrom great rocks or pok i holes with their umbrells in the soft sandstone. The excursionists divided themselves into two sections for the purpose of geologically oxamining the hill, one led by Pro. iessor Jukes and the other by Mr. G. V. Dmunoyer (wh ' acted as secretary to the excursion), who conducted their espto the various localities of geological interest, and 3parted all the information which they possessed on the various specimens which presented themselves, and thereby contributedmuchto thepleasure ofthe entire party. Never. theless, it was a pursuit of knowledge under very great difloultios, for though the party had proceeded some distance up the hill exploring and diccssing as they went along. vnthout meeting anything to check their progress beyond the wreoking of an umbrella or two and an occasional race after a hat that went whirling away before the wind, yet on arriving at one of the elevated and exposed points the rain came down with an alarmingintensity, sotbat the exourcionists had nothing for it but to stand up and submit to be rained on. When this shower passed, away, leaving several damp individuals behind it, the sky brightened u, and the party resumed their investigations and their walk over the hill, from many points of which they had some fine seaward views. After-pending about two hours on the hill, and enjoying themselves as much as the circumstances would permit, the excursionists returned to the steamer, which was lying in the harbour, and partook of luncheon on beard, after which some of the party came to town, while the rest (the evening having now become fine) amused themselves in visiting various places in the vicinity until the departure of the special train, at 6 o'clock, by which they returned." T HARVEST. With the exception of the remote and alwaya backward districts of the west and north-west, harvest operations are all but brought to a close, and as far as can be ascertained the yield promises to realize the expectations of the farmers Wheat will be the largest and beat crop of that grain which has been planted in Ireland during the past 15 years, and the same observation, or nearly so, applies to oats. The potato has suffered to some extent by the old disease, but the loss will hardly be felt to any perceptible degree, as the crop exceeds in extent even that of 1856. A Belfast journal of yesterday says:- " The labour of reaping has been pushed with remarkable activity for the last three weeks. Already a great portlon of the early-sown wheat and oats has not only been cnt down, but is safely gathered into the haggards. Were there hands sufficient to meet the demand for reapers, the entire of the corn lands in this and the next county would ore this have been cleared off. The wheat crop is much ahead of that of last year, as well in quality of grain as in bulk of produce. In the oat lands great diverity exists ; some fields are equal to ordinary averages - others again are sbort in straw and light in head. The bulk of straw-fodder, how. ever, will be much above the quantity recently anticipated. Barley has not been largely cultivated this season-at least in the north of Ireland-but the yield of that grown Is rather above that of last year. On the whole, the turn-out of all descriptions of cern promises to be good. Of the potato little can be saud beyend what has aiready been reported. As is the case wiji other crops, great dtifference of opinion exists about the probable results of the disease. All opinions agree that the yield of good and blighted tubers is most abundant, and when we take into account that even the infected lots sell at 2s. per owt. -a price quite up to the average value of sound lots in times before the disease became known in Ireland-it will be seen that the grower stands in a pretty fair position, even supposing that one-fourth of the crop were blihted. In some parts of the couty of Antrim only a smll proportion-not one-eighth of the whole-is attacked; in others about a sixth; and aBain there are fieltls which have all buFt escaped the malady." rxxS CATE IdTRAIX The Limerick C7wronidle states that this dreaded diisease has made its appearance wfith fatal effect in that district. A gentleman wvho holds a far wfithin a few miles of the city of imnerick has lossi within the last month 28 head of fine cattle, valued at 6001. The Chronicle adds that private accounts mnention that several agriculturists in the counties of Limerick, Tipperary, and Olare have also sustained serious losses by the malady. THE FUNDS. Throeeper Cent. Conslole, 90190,ditto for account, 10th of Sept.ember, 901 90; ditto, for new account, 13th of Octber, 904; Newr Three per Cent. Stock, 90, ; ditto for account, 10th of September, 901 Nfational Bank of Irsland, 25L. paid, 3Si. Mining Company of Irdland, 71. paid, 141f; ditto for account, 141.
j TEIZ Loss oF THE SOR STRAMH N1iGu .-Oln Thursday, at the Greenwich Police-court, Mr. Traill, assisted by Capin Harris, of the East India Campany-s servioeheld an official investigation Into the loss of the Af=ric Steam Shipping Company's screw steamer Niger, of 482 tons register, which was wrecked off Teneriffs on the 12th of June last (while conveying Her Maj:.'s mail homeward), as alleged by mistang thelightonthe sonthern coast of Santa Crar. After a great deal of evid&ace isd boen heard, Captain Rolt, the oommander of the Niger, bsing the principal witne;, Mr. Trai, iavising Captaiu Rolt, said, by the wording of the Act the inquiry 7as as to whether the loss of the veswwl -was attributed to *she w-ongful act or fault on his (Captain Rolt'f) palt, and he a,' muoh plexaure in saying that himself sud Captain HarrLs thought it right on their parts to state bhat their opinion was that the loss of the Niger was not ocoasioned by his neglect of duty. They desired to state such an opinion at the present stage of the proceedings in order to set at rest the feelinga of Captain Rolt and hin friendi; 'without waiting for the issue of their ratto the Board a Trade, but which report wvould chortly be foloodad ssit ,uggeationa for the better security of the service for Id Captain Harris then handed te certBifiate htol Bolt, wsho left the court amidthe conagtauLMfc; fricada, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~o t
T7HE PERMANENT BARRA CKS AT ALDERSBOTT. About four years ago grouse could have been shot on the middle of Aldershott-heath, where now a town is springing up with all the rapidity of colonial ent-erprise. Drapers' shops and general tradesmen, flaring taverns all gilt and stucco, streets and rows of houses will soon cover the spot where a few months since the errant waggon stuck fast in ruts from which not Jupiter nor aU Olympus could have moved it. Allowing for the natur.1 increase of population, it is asinple matter of calculation to find in which one out of a few years hence Aldershott, according to ourmodern notions, wliU be striving for its corporate rights aud looking out for an eligible M.P. to contest the new-formed borough. The permanent barracks in course of erection are in themselves sufficient to form a handsome and populous town, and when to these are added the many buildings which a large military depot naturaUy draws around it is easy to see that the day is not remote when the camp will be lostinbricks and mortar, and Aldershott have as little reseablance to a " tented field" as Portsmouth, Winches. ter, or Chatham. Whether the change will be altogether an improvement, or whether it will even carry out the design with which the camp was originaUl instituted, we leave it to our military readers to decide. But well or il-judged in a professional point of view, the matter is at leas' effectually decided, for the permanent barracks are far advanced. Some are already finished, and all will be so before the middle of next year. As the erection of these buildings, their cost, general usefulness, and necessity at one time exdited much comment in the House of Commons, a brief description of their nature and extent may not be without its Interest. The main portions of the new buildings, then, extend in two long lines from the Farnham-road to the old viUage of Aldershott in the soath camp. Between them is formed the chief parade-ground for the infantry. This parado is leveUed, graveUed, and completed. Though only intended for the evolutions of 4,000 men, maore tha double that number could easily be drilled on it, for it is upwards of three-quarters of a mile in length by 400 feet wide. The permanent barracks enclese the north and south sides of this fine space, those on the north being intended for infantry and field batteries, and on the south for the cavalry. Ia all they wi l accommodate 4,000 infantry, 1,600 cavalry, and two batteries of artiUlery, or, with engineers, military train, staff, and department tal officers, about 7,000 of all arms. The infantry barracks are divided into three blocks, forming each a spacious quadrangle, with a court-yard in the centre. Each of these quadrangles is in itself a complete barrack with aU the out offices, store-rooms, school-rooms, &c., for a regiment of 1,300 men. The ofricers of each regiment have distinc' buildings to themselves, which are placed so as to separate the larger blocks containing the men. The fronts, therefore, of all the infantry buildings abut directly on the north side of the parade, as those of the cavalry do on the south. It is difficult in these architectural matters to convey a clear idea of the positiou and arrangement of edifices by mere description. We shall therefore only say that the quadrangles for infantry are composed of a double row of buildings 80 feet apart, which form one side of the square, and are for the use of the privates. The quartermaster's store-room, tailors' and shoemakers' rooms, staff-sergeant's quarters and mess-rooms, and the infant school-rooms form the second side. The canteens for the men and non-commissioned officers, with adult school-room, library, and reading-room, make the third, and the quarters allotted to the married men of the regiment the fourth. There is a guard-house at the end of each block, and small stables for the horses of infantry officers in the rear. Such is the general arrangement for the foot regiments, and the manner in which the detaili are carried out will, when finished, mnake the whole beyond all comparison the most complete, airy, and commodious barrack yet erected in the kingdom, or oven in Europe. The two front lines of buildings for the privates are divided into a saries of spadons chambers, 55 feet long by 22 broad, and 12 high. Each of these will contain beds for 23 men, with a small apartment partitioned off in the corner for a non-commissioned offlicer. A stout iron shelf rack is fixed round the chamber, on which the knapsacks, &a., are to be stowed, and the musket placed in the rest at the head of each bed. On the ground floors are the cooking-rooms, four in number, each of which will cook for 350 men; and next to them are the washingrooms, fitted with stout, serviceable apparatus, and ample in accommodation. A lift, worked with an ordinary crab, is placed inside the main entrances for raising coals, baggage, &c., to the two upper stories. As we have said, the two lines of barracks for the men in each block ae placed one behind the other and 80 feet apart, and, in order to render this at all times a dry playground and driU yard, a roof of gla3s and iron stretches between the buildings covering the intervening space. It is on the old ridge and furrow principle of the Exhibition, and, while admitting as much light and air asifthemenwereonthe openaheath,itisof course at all times a complete protection against unfavourable weather. The space thus secure) for exercie to each regiment is 80 feet broad by 240 long-quite enough for all purposes of recreation, or even of common dril. The inner sides of the barracks face towards this enclosure, and a covered balcony, U feet broad, is constructed ooutside each story of sleeping chambers, in which the men can sit and survey at their ease whatever is going forward in the yard beneath. The canteens are spacious and comfortable. Those for the privates are on the ground floor; for the non-commissioned olficers superior accommodation is provided on the upper story. The school-rooms, staff-sergeants' quarters, and reginental store-rooms are aU weU placed and subetantially fitted up. while the reading-rooms and library attached to each block are as comfortable and as weU adapted to their purpose as the most studious could desire. Her Majesty has already signified her intention of presenting 250 volumes towards the formatlon of the library of each barrack. The married men's quarters form, as we have stated, one wholedside of the infantry quadrangles. Each conple is alowed one room, and to a certain number of rooms a washhouse is attached with all the requisite conveniences. This is a great improvement on the disgusting and immoral custom of compeUing the married men and their wives to sleep in the general barracks, with their beds inly divided from those of the private soldiers by a small . rhtin of baize or calico. Against the general plan of these infantry barracks ouly one objection can be urged, but our readers wiUl be inolined to agree with us in the opinion that It is a most serious one. In the centre of the quadrangles, and not more than 100 feet from the surrounding buildings, the expense maga. zfnes of each regiment are fixed. It is true that they are brick buildings of great strength and thickness of wall, but they of oonrse have both a door and window in them, and where men can enter, and must daily enter, fire can easily penetrate also. As a general rule many cartridges wiU not be kept in them, but occasions must often happen when they will contain at least 70 rounds per man, or upwards o. 2,0001b. of powder. To keep such a mine of explosives in the centre of a crowded barrack-yard, exposed daily to all the chances which must arise from osual neglect and unavoidable accident, seems a literal " tempting of Providence." The engineers who devised this plan know well that if any unfortunate accident should occur the explosion of such a mass of powder confined in a strong small building would have the effect of a gigantio mine, and level the whole of the surrounding quadrangle with the dust. We believe we are correct in stating that some of the highest military authorities in our service haveoexpressed their most decided disapprobation of thls arrangement,vwhich seems the less excusable when other and actuaUy more convenient localities in the rear of the buildings were at the disposal of the engineers. The barracks for the infantry officers are of core light, handsome, and commodious. Only one room is allowed to each, and all are alike, except in the case of those for the r ommnnding and two field officers, which are rather larger snd better fitted than the rest. The Infantry officers' messrooms are noble apartments, such saloons as would do credit to any club in London. They are in the modern Italian style of architecture, 64 feet long by 27 broad, and 22 feet high, with elaborate centre pieces in the ceiling, which are made to awswer the double parpose of ornament and venti. lation. The first and second floors are set apart for the officers; the ground floors for cellars, mess kitchens, offlcers' servants, &c. Towards the Aldershott end of the nfantry barracks, but still on the north side of the great parade, are the barracks for the artillery. Their general features with regard to arrangement are much the same as among the infantry. The officers live in a beparate building. Behind this are the rows of stable-barracks, in double lines, and over the stables live the artillerymen The other three sides of the quadrangle are formed by the ganshed, the spare gunshed, wheelers' shop, forge, hay and corn stores, armourers' shop, schoolroom, library and reading-rooms, and married men's quartors as before. The stables are perfect models. They are in rows of chambers, if we may so call them, each chamber containing 16 horaeg, which are only edvined Sfom eac: other by a swinging bail. The racks and .,Angers are iron, fixed lowv; the floors are weU paved, sloping iutw.rA,s towards the drains, and the stones of the I-aven rut oet b asphalt to prevent the moisture from percolatin' K tween them. Under the mangers and along the | rofs a:- .afts are flxed in the waaUs, which Insure perfect l tiIsr'*n and keep the rooms above allotted to the men as f ree from the stable atmosphere as is possible under the I dramstances. The accommodation for the artillerymen is nsnple and, infinitely better than they would now dream of ,roking for in any barrack, and the non-oommismonod .fficers have separate quarters to themnselve, The offloers, barracks are very good, bat do not contain as spacious apart. ments as tho:e devoted to the infantry. Tho traditional prestige of the cavalry is quite maintained at Aldershott in the stylo of thoir permanent barracks. These occupy tbe south side of the parade, and are in every respeot superior buildings to those of either infantry or artillery. The offizers' barracks aro handsome edifices, with the baseement story faced entirely with Portland stone. Each officer also has two rooms, vbich are proportionately spacious and well fitted inside. The cavatry stables are of course on the same plan ait those of the artillery. Four blocks of stables are allotted to each regiment, every block containing eight stables for 16 horsw each. Thus, exclusive of officers, there is always stabling for 512 horses to each regimenL The stables for the officers' chargers are separate In rear of ,he stable barracks, the library, forge, ball oourt, and ) iding-sebool are erected, and behind all is tho infLrmary for tick horses One riding-school is allowed to cach cavalry tegiment; fine handsome structures, eath more spacious than any two buildings of the kind now in use. They are 216 feet long. 58 feet broad, and 27 feet high, and will be floored-if that is the right term-with tan to the depth of 18 inches At each side of the entranco are saddling rooms with a gallery over them, from which the riding-master can direct young equestrians in their efforts to master that most distressing of all modes of locomotion, the cavalry trot. Such is a very brief outline of the general accommodation afforded to ea ch branch of the servico in tho permanent bar. racks at Aldersbott. Judging of the extent of the works by the eye, we sbould say that in all they must occxpy nearly 100 acres of ground. No hospital is being built at present, tbough, sooner or later, one must bo constructed. The buDding now doing duty as thte infirmary is the old Alder. shott workhouse, which, small as it is, is still amply aiffcient for the low rato of sickness among the few troops In camp. But experience has shown that nothing but a buildiDg erected for that special purpose will ever admit of hospital duties being well or effoctively discharged. The necessity which exists for the erection of such a Iuilcd ing has disclosed asad blunder in regard to the site of the barracks. Wben the camp was first reeolved on the Go. vernment purchased 8,500 acres of Aldershott-common at an average price of 171. en acre. So far decidedly the bargain was not a bad one. Bat, instead of erecting the present barracks in the centre of this 8,000 or 9,000 acres, and on which some splendid sites for the buildings existed, the engineer pitcbcd upon a spot on the very extreme edge of the Government land, and beyond which, of course, the military authorities have no control of any kind. The result is as every one antidpated, and A porfect swarm of publichouees and beershops is hemming in the new buildings, while others are being built, and will of counrse soon be accomprnied by houses of a esll worse description. Nothing baa so much contributed to the good order and healtb of the troops in camp as the fact of the canteens bemi- strictly regulated; but with these publichouses compe5ing for the custom of the men we fear restrictions in tho c=atoens can now do little good. It seems quite astounding how, with rmch grievous evils staring them in the face, the magistrate should have granted lcenses to so many. Of course, the land inthe rear of the barrcks has risen morethau fiftyfold since the buildings were commenced, and it is aid that Government surveyors who came into the market the other day to purchase twvo acres on which to erect a hoe. pital had to pay upwards of 2,000L for what 18 months ago they would have got for 341., or have had for nothing if the site had been chosen in the centre of their own land. The infantry barrackLs are quite finished, and each day the order to furnish and fit them for the reception of troops Is expected to arrive. The cavalry buildings will not be ready before the spring of next year. The buildings in aU their details from roof to basement are of the most substautal, though, at the same tirea, ornamental kind. Everything, in fact, is appropriate and good, and this time at least Government works have been most ably planned. In all works of 10,000. and upwards builders aUow 20 per eent, for alterations and modifications of the original design, bmt it is creditable to all concerned in the works at Aldersho,t that up to the present time not 2001. above the specified contract has been expended, and even this small additional sum was spent by strictly adhering to the originAl plan, which rendered excavations in a steep hiU necessary. Even a private firm might well piquo ,tself on carrying out a plan of such extent and im. portance witboutexceeding the first estimate or altering the designs by as much as a single brick. The fine rich gravel which covers the parade ground about the new buildings is all obtained at Aldersbott, where millions of tons of i, exist in the centre of the heath and form the eminenco called Hungry-hill. The 100,000t granted this year by a vote of the House of Commons towards the erection of the new barracks was of course nearly aU spent before it Vas received, so that until next year the works yet to be done will proceed very slowly, which seems a pity vwhen they are so near completion and well worth the outlay. Just now the Camp has a most wan and deserted aspect. More than two-thirds of the huts are shut up and empty, for tho men that used to throng them and give such an animated appesr- nice to the otherwise bleak spot are now hurry. ing along twith all power of wind and steam for India. About two months ago between 17,000 and 18,000 men used to muster in the long valley on a field-day. Now the numbar is little more than 4,000,-viz., the 15th, 22d, and 96th Regiments, the 4th Light Dragoons, and 6th Enniskillens, with one troop of Horse Artillery, two field batteries, three companies of Engineers, and a battalion of the tilitary Train. But even this smaU remnant is to be still furtber reduced, for the troop of Horse Artillery, with two companies of the En. gineers, will leave the camp for India on Monday next, and the remaining company foUows on Wednsday. The 6th Enniskillens are also under orders to be ready to leave camp at a moment's notice, though their destination ia no', stated, and very possibly not known even to the authorities themselves; for the way in which the Government has lately issued orders to the troops, then countermanded them, issued them again, and again annulled them, has baffled even the most experienced in the ways of circumlo_ oution, and plunged al the chiefs at Aldershott into 5n awful state of nervous agitation. No orders have yet arrived to make any preparations for th o reception of the militia, and the huts that have heen left empty are now so overrun with rats and smaller vermin as to create grave doubts as to their being fit for use at alL The ordor to prepare for the militia is, nevertheless, looked for, though such an intimation will signify that a much larger number are to be called out than have yet been named for servico. The number of regiments at present under orders to assemble are not more than sufficient to replace the troops which have beea withdrawn from nearly all our large gar. rison towns
IBON vcrsu WOOD. TO THE EDITOR OF THB TIMES. Sir,-Although I am very unwilling to encroach upon your valuable columus, I am still more unwilliLg to allow Sir James Elphinstone's letter to pass nnnoticed. In his letter of the 1st of September Sir James writes "that he hopes the accident which has happened to the Transit viiU open the eyes of the First Lord to the defect3 ofj iron troopships." So long as rocks are harder than wooden or iron ships, so long wiiU ships of thoeo materials be destroyed when driven upon rocks. Upon the circumstances under which the wreck takes place alone depends the superiority of the one material over the o'her. The possible cases are very rare in which a wooden vessel would soffer less from a wreck, or be more likely to got off than one of iron. On the other hand, under many ciroum. stances an iron vessel wiUl very often bhes not only the shook of the actual wreck, but the strain of the winds and waves for weeks, or even months, without even altering her form. This groat superiority of iron in disastrous circmstauces was signaUy demonstrated in the instnoes of the "Great Britain" and "the Tyne," both of which after being wrecked are now alive and at work. M. London, Sept. 4.
THF M.AAns. - SormounoNN, SEPT. 4.- The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Indus, Capt. P. W. Evans, sailed to-day for Gibraltar, Malta, and Alexandrin with the India and China qmals, S1 first, and 27 second class passengers (among whom are Sir IL Sehomburgh for Sin apore, and several offioers of the Indian army), and a fml cargo. She alpo takes out 2,507 boxes of speois and joweol value 697,225U. 17e., viz. SUrer. Gold. Jowelry. Bom ay ........ £102,S3M 0 £201 o Oerlon ........ ... £3z8o G .....25 50 1I Mariritles . . ... 5 00 0 5 165 MadA ........ 45.433 15 4.421 B T 13 Caleetti. 2,5.8 l5 114 0 Penan .. 4,311 0 g5m 0 ftgaaore. 41940 0 nT a Hougkivg ....... 112,445 4 Bh=gD. I ,l ....... 1118185 19 £3S3,192 13 £12,222 SLSIl 4 The Buxi3u, Capt. J. Weeks, leaves on Monday with the Peninsular Mails. The Vanguard, Captain Ward, a screw-steamer, chartered by the European and Australian Company for the Malta and Marsilles portion of their line, arrived from Dublin this morning, and sails for her destination at the beginning of the ensuing week. The newv steamer Australasian is expect2{d here on Monday from the Clyde, to take out the mails of the 2th to Alexandria, Wo understand that the whole management of the Australian lie in now in the hands of the Royal Mai (West India) Compy,
MONEYyMAJK-Tand OIrYIRLLIaRN i __a TLL'9VE The funds havo been dulltd T" ey E eno. at a eln fTey, opene ata decline of an eighth, and subsequently experienced X further fall. Consols for inoney wr first quot.d 90j to i, but the last transactiou were at 90 to i for money, and 90i to 91 for tbe 14th of October. The purchases of the public have lately diminishod, and the supply of money being thus less abundant, short loans on Government securities were in demand at 4 per cent. Thig was probably the cause of the prevailing heavinoe tSome perons attributed it to the formal announcement of the additional reinforcementa for nadia I although that could have had little effect, as he' number intended to be sent was mentioned three or four days ago. New Three per Oentz. left off at 91; India Stock, 210 to 212; India Bonds, 20_. to 16L disoount; and Exchequer-bills, 5s. to is. discount. This being the 4th of the month there was increaed activity in the discount-market and in the applications at the Bank. The payments falling due were understood to have been generally well met. The foreign stock-market has been inanimate, and prices generally are rather weaker. PeruvianFourand-a-Half per Cents. were negotiated for the account at 79L and i; Portuguese, 45i; RuLsian Four-arld-a-Half per Cents., 98A; Sardinian, for the account, 89k; Spanish, 40; aitto, Certificates, 65; Turkish Six per Cents 94a; ditto, for the account, 951; the Four per bents. Guaranteed, 99i ; Dutch Two-and-a-lalf per Cents., 64i; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 99i. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Hamburg was rather higher; upon other place there was no alteration of importanoe. In the corn-market this morning prices were lesa unsteady. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for tho veek shows a further advarce of Id. per lb. The final quotations of the french Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 85c. for money, and 67f. 5c. for the end of the month, ehowing a fractional improvement. At Amsterdam and Vienna stagnation continues, and the tendency is towards depre6sion. At Hamburg the rate of discount has faLen to 6 per cent., and money is freely offered. About 12,0001. of gold was sold to the Bank today. The increase of bullion at the Bank during the pat fortnight has not been so great as might have een expected from the large arrivals and the state of the foreign exchanges. At this season there is always a large absorption of coin for the purposes of home and continental travel, and tho amounts also withdrawn for the harvest scarcely begin to return tiU a later period. In the colonial produce-markets duringtheweekbusiness has continued quiet, and prices generally have remained without any important variation, excepting for sugar, which has been extremely heavy, the low soft qualities being unsaleable at the close at a reduction of ls. to 2s. The Small quantity of good to fine grocery brought to public sale realized previous rates. There has, however been a decided imnprovement in the deliveries for kome consumption, while the stocks held by the trade are still light. Refined has artic ited in the depression. The coffee-market has belenstoadyt with moderato supplies offering, coloury qualities bringing extreme quotations. The Dutch Trading Company's frt saI of Java coffoo on Monday went off steadily at about 1 cent iunder the valuations, but at a greater reduction compared with late private transactions. Yesterday at the second portion about one-third part was withdrawn. Cocoa is dearer, a Government contrAct for 100 tons being announced. Rum has sold freely, partly upon speculation. With the exception of three cargoes of Arracan at about Us. for export, nothing of interest has transpired in rice and most other descriptions are sold with difficulty except at lower rates, although unfavonrable reports of the potato crops have been calculated to improve the demand. The delivery of the India letters has not exercised any further influence upon saltpetre, which has been dull, some middling Bengal having been disDosed of at a reaction of between ls. Gd. and 2s., Although the fine descriptions are steady. Indigo has again advanced, Bengal being 8d. to Is. per lb. higher than at the last quarterly sales There has been an improved fecling in the tea-market. The public sales on Thursday passed off wFell, and an advance his been established int most descriptions. The followring mercantile letter from MIexico gives an unsatisfactory picture of the state of that country and the position of its finances *- | Nothing very important has transpired here lAtely, and yet thereo is matter of great moment to be considered by thoseo who watch the course of everts in this rl-fated country. The state of confusion which reigns more or less all over the republic is nowhere more deplorablo than in tho region known as the tiara caliente (warm oourtryi which bas been for many long years the theatre of enerl Alvre' Mbhia velle doings. The feuds which have constantly existed therehavelAtelyassumed such awfLI dimenRions thatthemost atrociouscrimEs are dAily committed with perfect impunity by either of the contonding parties, and hardly a week pases which is not marked by some bloody dood of mrurder, rape, and robbery, accompanied by hateful acts of treachery and revenge General Alvarez himself, now a very old man is universally considerod as the main origin of a11 these calatnties; and a manifesto publisbed by him a few days sino, far from cloaring his character, seems to justify the strong sFupicions entertained of his general conduct. It is couched in very harsh terms, and is replete with enmity towards the Spaniards. At the same time it cannot be denied that throughout the tierra catienet there exists a very general feeling of animosity towards tho Spaniards which is easily explained by the violent and hars lways o{ the latter, particularly in tho sugar plantations, which are generally mangd by them. Should a war take place at last between Spain and Mexico it is to be feared the Spanish residents, who forma very numerous and industrious class all over the country, will suffer very severely. - The elections for deputies, as well as for the new Presi dent, are nearly finished, and Comonfort appears to be re-elected unanimously throughout the country. Moanwv; e there are ruLmours of a fresh treaty with the United S;.tes, but I am inclined to believe they are simply antioipations of what is likely to take plae spedily, the Americans bing aware that as soon as the new Congress meets-i. c., on the 16th or 17th of September, the discretional authority exercised by Comonfort will be at an end, and consequently his power to nake such treaties. The general state of the country is that of abgolute stagnation and mistrust in business, great penury in the palace, and general corruption in the publie offices. But nothing is calculated to give a more accarate idea of the steady paoe of Mexico on the high roAd to ruin than the recent appointments and elections m ade with reference to judcial ffiD, almost exclusively confinod to the Radical party, and consequently made up of the most obscure a well as the most questionable characters. "Though the war with Spain seems very probable, little or nothing has yet been done here in the way of preparations. The castle of ITlua has Indeed been dismantled and its artillery removed to the interior towards Jalapa or Perote. But it is whispered that, in the event of that wr taking place, the Mexican Government expects to receive very efficient aid from the United States. It is generally supposed, however, that the Spaniards will wait for the end of the sickly season before t.hey attempt anything. " With regard toBritish interests in this oart of tho world. nothing can be in a more deplorable conditon The decline of our trade with [exico is very evident, and also perhaps the decline of our influence too. The bondholders, I am sorry to say, will nOW have more ample opportunities to exercise their patience; for in spite of all the stereotyped professions lavished upon them by the finance department, their grievances are looked upon writh perfect indifference, vhbile the Custom-houses are burdened with such a large mass of orders for anticipation of duties that a very long time must elapes before any money can eb set side for the English debt, even supposig that such a system of antiel. patlons were to be stopped. "a usual the corntry is infested with robbers, and their number appears to increase in a most alarming ratio." According to a circular issued by Mr. John Mollett, the Ode6ssa corn-market had at the last dates experienced a decided rise, owing to shortness of stock and a demand for export. hlore than 70 vessels were waitiDg for cargoes, and arrivals from the interior had been delayed by rain. The price of new Ghirka wheat was 3Ss. 3d. per quarter on board, which, with 8s. 6d. for freight, would bring the total cost to 46s. 9d. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 29th of August gives the following resulta when compared with the previous week: Public depodts .. *.. ,£6,429,294 ... ncrse £631,091 Other deposit - ... 9,705,366 ... Decrease 60,437 Be . ... ... 3,5,010 ..Decreae 13,857 On the other side of the account :- Govenment securities ... £10,593,654...The same aS before. Other seurities-... ... 17,811,663...Inerea 45,27 Notes unemployed ... 5,999,790..Tnerese 168,90. ) The amount of notes in dirculatioa is 19,324,1751., being an increase of 115,5701.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 11,500,S,7L, showing an increase of 270,4L when compared with the preceding return. T1n COLON AL-OFnCB -Thero are 32 persons in tMs office, inc'uding the soretary of State, ard * xclnding office-keepers and porters, having salsries amounting to 14,0451. ITe averae salary in this office is 4384-Ciux Sen7:;cC Gaecuc
I A A BAILWAY AND MINING SBABES, Friday Evening. The railray-market has been dull, and in most de6criptions z small decline has taken place. Edinburgh, Perth, and Dtundee vrere 60s. lower. Caledoniansand Norfolk advancd, and at 4 o'clock North-Eastern stockr were quoted at a further improvement upon the corresponding prices yesterday. Madras 5 per cent. iesue were rather weaker. French shares generally receded, the faU in the Cr6dit Mobilier on the Paris Bourse producing an unfavourable effect. In mines Linares improved. In joint-stock banks an advance occurred in City and Bank of Egypt. In miscellaneous securities there was no alteration. Red Sea Telegraph were nominally quoted par to X premium.
From Ott LONDON GAZETTE of Friday, 4t. 4. CROWN OFFIOR. 8v"' 2 MEMBER returntdtoservo inu the presnt pARLIAMEF. County of Middlesex. The Hon. George Heenry Charles Byng, In the room of the Right Hon. Robert Grosvenor, commonly called Lot d Robert Grosvenor, who has accepted the office of Stewrad of Her Majesty's Manor of Hempholm., WHITEHALL, Amo. 17. The Right Hon. Sir Alexander Edmund Cockburn, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, has appointed George Tibbits, of the city of Chester, gentleman, to be ono of the per. petual commissioners for taking the acknowledgments of deeds to be executed by married women under the Act passed for the abolition of floes and recoveries, and for the aubetitution of more timple modes ofassuranoe In and for the city of Chester, also in and for th6 county of Chester. NAVAL PRIZE MONEY. Notice has been given by the Department of the Ac. countant.General of the Navy, that preparations are beimg made for the distribution of the proceeds from the Greek brig Arpis, captured May 15, 1855, by Her Majesty's ship Niger and Le Milan, belonging to his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of the French. WAR-OFFICE, SEPT. 4 Royal ReRiment of torse Gn rde.--Cornet Rdward Hayward to be Liet., without purobase, vice s6 to, deceased. 6th Dragoon Guards.-Aoslst -Sug. Donald Sinclair Smith, from the 9th Ligh: Dragoons, to be Assit-urg., vice Moore, killed in aetion. th Tighti Dragoon..-toCrnet eVrdean So to be Ltento , b chase, vice Clark, who retires, Jobn Clrk:, Kent., to be RIdlg master. 9th Libt Dregoons-Aoas3t.-Sr". Samuel Fuller. from the Staff to be A Suiat.4rg., vice Smitb, appointed to the 6th Dragoon Guards. 12th Light Dragoons-Brevet i4et.-Col, lawrence Tyler to be Lieut.-Col., writhout purchase, vice Tettenharn. dcceased* BrevetMajor EBdwasd Burgoyne Cereton to ce TMajor. without purciae, v ice Fyler; Lecut. GeorgeThomas Googh. tiobhe Capt., without purchse vice Cutretosn; CornetJohn Charles le Queens to be ident, without; 2d BReiment of root.-Ma2igm Claude 8cott Stewart Pinkerton from the 55th Foot, to beo Ensin. viel Neviule, who,, tnasfer fom theBIdFeu hs ben anelld; urg Lke axrn~M.D., from haf.,tolhe5tDragoons, to beo Stu49rg Aasi8ent.rg. Jamees Sinclair, The commis3sions of the tndermentioned officers have been antedated to the 1st of December, 1854.- Liout. WilLIam WcbberX3artin, asaAsjt. Liout. Thomas Jo°n 3d Foot.-ctaff.Surg. of the Becond C3as Francis OUver Barker, M.D., to be Surg.; Henry MNeice, late Acting ast.-Burg, to be h.is5t.-Surg. 5th Foot.-Major Walter Craauurd Kennedy, to be Lieut.-Col., without purchase; captain Wllitam Ohester Master to be Major, without purc=ase. vice Xeo,ueiy; LAeut. WliMam Henry Petty Measa to be Captain, without purchase, vi e Master; Ensign Philip FitzRoy to be ieut., without puirchzo, 'vioe Mkeara 8th Foot.-Asaist.-Surg. Thomas Smith JEolUngwocith. from the Staff, to be Assist.-Sur., vlce Domnenichetti, promoted in the 75th Foot. toth Foot.-Caiptain Charles Peregrine Teesfdale, from the th Foot, to be Captan, vimo I. M5. BalI who exchanges 37th Foot.-LIeut. John Brown to be Captain. without purchase, vice Clutterbuck. dteeaed; Einsign Edward Blrkett to be Litut,, without purchase, vice Bowvn. 55th Foot,-COptaln Hrenry UHynayd Bal, from the Llth Foot, to be Captain, vice C. P. Teesdale, woto exchanges 60th Foot. To be LIEUTENANT.COLONEL. Lleut.-CoL . J. V. Brown, from a depOt battahon. To be MAJOR. Brevet-_ieut.-Col. W. Pretyman, from a depot battalon. To be CAPTiaxs. CEpt. B, E. Steward, from half-pay 50th Foot. Capt E. A. Siotberr, from half-pay 9td Foot. Capt. W. J. Baler, from balf-pay 18th Foot, Capt. W. Patersou, from half pay 6Sd Foot. C3st. Crowe, from half-pay 93d Foot, Can. W. S, Cokworthy, from halt-pay 1st Toot. Capt. Bichard Stephens, from hbalfpay 21st Toot. Lieut, ThomasArldidge, Irom 8th Toot. To be LiuTzE,NNTs, Li, u'. H. Braclcrnmbuy, from 21st Foot. Li, un. W. N. Manners, from 89th Foot. Lit'u. F. H. A. Hamflton, from 7iet Foot. Ue(u. H. BI MSlWgan, from 68th Foot. Litu t. IV. NI. M Fortesnue. from 71st Foot. Litu'. E W. Denne, from 71st Foot. Litu'. A. T. Ewens, from 2d Foot, to be L!eut, and Adit To be Ersioxs. 11asIgn J. C Cowan, from 21st Foot. Eanign N. M. Brock. from 87d Foot. BcsignJ. D. B%lhlm, Osom 30th Foot. Bcsign h 0. Brownrtgg, from S9th Foot. Ensign Julus LovelL froMu6th Foot. Ensign W, Boderby, from the 17th Foot. Ensign V. J, Rerr, from the 79th Foot. Euen B. BX Gtbbins, from the 56th Foot. 75th Foot.-Assist.-Surg. Richard Domenichettl, M.D., from the 5th Foot. to be Burg., vice Coghlan, deced. 9Nth Foot.-Robert David Forbes Shireff, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase vlce Chute, promoted. Blde Brigade. To be MAjots. Major E. Newdlgate, from half- pay unttached. Mdajor the Hon. G. Eliot, from halfMpay nnattached. To be CAPTAINS. Capt. W. Morris, from half-pay Rlde Brigade vioe Nevwdlgate. Capt. R, H. Graham. from hallpl y p le Ri leaSe, vice ElUrot. Capt. the Hon. J. P. Penington, from half-pay 90t Foot. Capt. P. Klngscote, from haLf-pay 41st Foot Cap_ C. Vane FitzRoy. from hafl-pay 41m Foot. Capt. R. R. Evans, from half-Day gth Foet. Capt. J. BelL from halfrpay 7Pth Foot. Cap- Godfrey Olerk. from the Mlitary Trail Royal Newtoundland Companles.-WlSIamu Glllmor, gent., to be En ign, without purchase, vlce Chambers, deceased. Gold Ooast Artillery Corpq,-Sergt. Francis John Bolton, trom the R yal Artlllery, to be Ensign without purchase, vice William, promoted. UNATTACHED. The undermentioned officers to have their Brevet Rank converted into Substantive Rank, under the Royal Warrant of 6th of October, 1854:- Brevet-Bajor Charles Henry Lumley, 97th Foot. Brevet- Vdajor Edward Newditate, Rifle Brigade. Brevet-Major hon. Gilbert Ellot, Blfle Brigade. DEPOT BATTALION. MajorB (G. A. Darroch, from hal-pay muattached, vice Brevet Lieut-Ool, Pretyman, appointed to the 60th Toot. CHAPLAIN'S DEPARTMENT. The Rev. J. W. Hayward, M.A., has been permitted to resign hi commulision. HOSPITAL STAFF. 8taff-Surg. of the Second ClaSs John Riggs Miller Lewis, M D., from half-par, to be Staff-Surg. of the Second Clee, vIce Barker, aPpointed to the 31 Foot. Aelst.-Surg. James Davym to be Stafr-Surg. of the Second Cla, To be ASSISTANT-SURGEOYS. Jameno Grelg Leask, M:B., late Acting Aocist.-Surg., vice Carte, appointed to the 5th LIght Dragoons. Spencer 3osd Gih. .D., lain Acting uist.-ySu.,ice Smith, appoi,.ted to .ho 1eth Foot, Robert Arthur Elliott, gent, vice Johns0n, appointed to the 17th Wlllia,es CoUis, late Acting Aaetet.-Surg., vice 8hortt, appoitedl to Thomas Rawlings Mould, gent., vice Muoday, appointed to the SMth John Wanlle gent. vice Paihologua anointed to the 34th Foot. Blcbsrd Armetrong Vyde, gent., vice l6ambreck, appointed to the 97th Foot. Edward Joseph Crane, gent., vice Bradshaw, apDointed to the Bie Brigade.BRVT BREYET. Thetmnderrmenthoned officer having completed three year' actuil sericeonethe31ol oJnly, 1857, in the rank of Lieut.-Co0., to be prormoted to he Colonel in the army, under the Royal warrant of the 6th of October, 18&14: Lieut-Col. Thomas Holmes Tidy, hal-pay 14th Foot (DBDuty Adi.- Gen., Jamaica). ADMIRALTY, SEPT. L Oorps of Roye MaAines. Serir.Major John Lewis to be Quartermasbter, ice Buton, retie Quartermsanier.Serg. Mastthewv Brlckdale to be Quartermaster, vice Austin, roused on hit-cey. Sore-Mlajor WIiDam Scott to be Quartermaster, vice Dibben, retie on1 hallpay, This "Garette" cotains a notice that the folowing place hs been dot- registered for the solemnlrntion of m iages thereiln:Upper lNorwood Chapel, Croydon. COMMISSIONS Signed ly th 9 LOBDh-LTEUTEN T of the Tows IHIAH s. at. Pierre Buetor Hook, lEsq., tlo be Deputy-Lieutenant. By the LosD nLrESumAs of the County of HsN-TLN;GDOn . Huutingdonhlre RRegiment of Mllitir.-Stephen Bouland Woulfe, Esq., to be First Lieut. By the iosbnLRD-LEUrcANT of the Co`nty of MKEuION. Merlonethshire Boarl Bile Oorps of ilihtis,-Arthur Edward Morgun, gent., to bs Ensign. vico Thomas Elis, gent, promottd. By the LOJD-LxurUTr.NsT of the NNosrsP iDinG Of the Couaty of North York Rifle Regiment of Miltia -George Matliey, gent., to be Ensign, vice Bell, whose oommlsdon has been cancehed. PA.ETNIt8HIPS DBSOLVED. R Bunghn and W. Price. Tutstsll. 8taffordsbire. meroers.-J. 0. Taylor and H. LVag. Norwich and Loweet-ft. attorneys-Thormpso and Dowoirg, 1S1rchin-lafe, ComnhtU, sbip broker-iteynolds and Gibsev, Liverpool, coton broters.-Towneend. Part er. and Co., Goswell-street. paper etainers.-Spencer aid Kely, Bermondoey Newroad. corn d&alers.-Vallance fDd Ulib%it. Tok-enhoune-yard. Lothbury, solicitors -W. B. EJender and W. Bowden, Csl"iDgton, CornwaUL, 9Mgeon.-W. an3d A Sawden, Ei:ey. Yorkshire. brickmaker3 -Bochester and H arlnd. Sunderland.-Mnrrell and WUleon, Btratford-on-&Aon, dravere.-E. Brit-in and Co.. Btrsmingbam. manufcrturing jewellers: as far as regernis 1. Britain.-liewart. Tlpton. and Co.. Liverpool. and Hltew rtr and Co.. New Orleans, conmmission u;erobente.-Churehlll and 81m, Old Broad-etreet, w/ood brokers; as a as regards J. Sbn.-T.Eugland and a... I eeds an ! elsowbhere, ooraf(sotors.-CoSiey anid Eoherts, Elston, sitalfordshlre, grocers -Poole and Snas. Soutbhr and Keniwiorth. Wa,witSshire, att.omneye.-W. andJ. Wheeldn, Derby, mashlsis.-J. T. D re enzd Co.. Po'tbaspten, linendraesTp -W. and W. Hol.un, Dover, tailors.-9tSlwell sad Warder, Uxbridge, WurgeOnS. DECIA.RkTION OF DIVIDIYND A. and B. Halliley, Wigton, calico printers-fourth and Dnsl dUv. cf L-161. (t) a4diS:on to . 0 21-lEd. previouly declared), anySatnwd y after Oct. 3, at Mr. Baker'a, Newcastle-on-Tyne. BANRKUPT. HenrvLs7arus,WiniWngton-squ.-e, Clerkouwell,watch manufactarer ta surender Sept. 11, at,alf-paset 1 o'clock, Oo, 14, av. h.ll-past 2, at the Bankrupts' Ceurt; Pol'cit-r, Mr. bydney, Fmsbury-chic' official arsignee, 'Jr. Stansfeld. Stopben Frond, Great Western.ro&A. Paddington, builder, Sept, 18, Oot. 20. t I o'clock, at the B3akrupts' Conrt; solcitor, Mr. Vaughan, p>per George-street. Edgeware-road;official assignee, Mr. Edwards, _smbrook.court, BasEingheUSSstseet. Hensy MaeFkay. Exeter, confectioner. Sept. 10, Oct 8, at 1I o'clock. at the Eseter Dietric- Court ot Eankraptcy; solicitor. Mr. Stogdon, Eseter:; official asstignee, Mr. HLrtzel, Exseter. Josepb Gardner. Liverpool. Ironic onger. Sept. 17, Oct. B, at 11 o'clock, at the Liverpool Dietolct Court of Bankruptcy: soilcitor, Mr. Bow, Liverpool; officiaS asetcnee, Mr. Turner, iivetrpooL DrMDENDS. Cot.S, G. Goodwin. Manobester, woollen merchant.-Oct. 27, T. Stur on and E. Key, Holbeob, Linoolnsbhire, criveners.-Oct. 6, J. *laywooJ. Derl-v, Sroofounder.-lOept. 25, J. Seddon, Livernool, matble maeon.-Set. 25 and 28. bL Marks, and S Barnett. Liveool. tailors. -Sept. 25SJ.Holmes. Bmamnham, Yorkabire. huilder.- ept. 25, T. B. Eley, tBadford, Yorksh re commi,sdon agent-Sept. 25, W. Heb dn, Leeds, A. 0. Hebion. l1arli&aenteatreet, Wesuninster, and J. Bro.re, ten., Leeds, merohanut. RTICALTFS to be ganted, unle. cause be ahown to the eonw tsary on the day of mneeting. Oc. 6, J. Evans. Aberystwith, shipbuUder.-Sept. 29. . Talhott and S. Grie Lidneg, Giocestenhtre irondounoere.- SeDt 28, N. T. LDc=, Mocdseadld, v'ctnaller.-Se t 28 R. BowoockrManncheAtr, floorcloth manufwaturer.-oept. 25, &EH Splatt, Liverpool, sailmakar. BCOTCH SEQUHETRATIONS. P. GSlUgan or Gilgan. Glasgow, provison merchant, Sept. 8, at 12 @?clock, at tbe Glore HoteL Glasgow. G. Burnett, Dundee merchant, Sept. 12, at 12 o'clock, at the Boyal Betel, Dundee. W. Murray, Lanark, wood merchant, Sept.15, at 1 o'clock, at the Clydeedale liotel, Lasnark. Moodle and Loetbia Edinburgh, booksellers. Sept. 11, at 1 'clock, at SiSeveosoa'e.roornsr b4i.bargh W. Moffat and Brothery. G'e.os-o, tallow merchanb., and Le3mahacowv, coal merchats, lIept i, eL n 1-2, at the Facolty-hali, Glasgowr. D. Dickon, JUgton-ol-Glagow. grooer. Sept. 14, at 12 o'clock. at he Globe H otel. Failey. W. MGihUmy and Co., Glgow,h botel keepers, Sept U. at 12 o'clock, at the Faculty-bal), Glugnw. T. ounell, Gleagow, ulal MD m er, Spt. , at 12 .o'clclc, at the Wayerly Hotel, Glmgow. THE OORN AVXRAGM. enel Weekly Average recetwed La tUe week ended Aug. 29,1857, S. d. I s.d. Wbeat .. .. 60 4881 Rre . 38 7.835 .Barles ... .42 . 7.9DH ats ... .. 27 R491 ees .. 4110.014 Aggregaste Ave ge of x Wesk. a. d. sd Wbeat .601 Rre . 99 Barley 39 8 B snu 46 10 Cats 28 0 Pea . 41 The Aernge Prc of Brown or MneoTado Supr, eornted from the r-turuamade in the week ending the lit of September, exclusive ot Castomg'duU=ddtor paable tbereon on the Importation thereof into Great Bid a. d. From the British pocesons In America 38 4 Per cW From the Maitius . . 37 0 Wrom the last Xndieis.. 29 < The averge prlse of tho throe for"go;ng desrltons ofi ugar jointly computed a above, and exelusive of auty, is 36 31d. per wt By authority of Parliament, IINRY B3lcnLt, Clerk of the Grocrs' ComDanr, tirocewf kMLS ept.4.
TRAD.Y REPORT. Fzriday Evening. SALTPnrRE.-The auctions to-day comprised 960 bags Bengal, of which only one-third, 94 per cent, refraction, was disposed of at 51s 6d., one lotat 52s., showing a decline of 2s. per owt. on the pnvate transactions stated yesterday. The remainder oonsisted of 6Q.to 5S per cent., that was bought in at 56s. and 58s. The demand on arrival continues at SSs., and l3Itons ae reported sold. 809 bags nitrate of soda from Havre were taken ma at 22s. per cwt. SUGn -The rDarket closes flatly, and almost everything was bought in, only about 300 bags of the Mauritiuszelling. Prices this week are Is. lower for mos. soets of sugar, except the finer desciptions. The following are the particulars of the auctions-viz., 429 hhds. 101 barrels Barbadoes, with. d*awn Lt 50s to 54s. for low to good middling yellow, and 65g to 56s. for good yellow; 2,771 bags Manritins-brovn, Sls. 6d. to 463.; black, 41s.; and low to middling yellow, 453. to 49s per cwt; 1,335 bags Dumma date, low yellow, 43s. to 45s middling yellow, 46s to 486 Cd per cwt 3f84 bhdg. wkest.rndia have been sold privately, making 2,125 forthwek CoFFs-There was but one auction of 300 bags native Ceylon (from Havre, that werepartlysoldat65s. forsuperior and 62s. for good ordinary. The result of the Aimsterdanx sale of Java coffee is regarded generally as Unfavonrable, and privately some plantation Ceylon has changed hands at rather easer rates. Eicx.-A floating cargo of Necranzie is reported to have been sold rather above lIls., being a further advance. There Is a steady market on the spot, but without activity.; 1,500 pockets Bengal, at auction, of common quality were disposed of at l1s. 7Ad; 200 bags barley Madras. at fOs. 3d.; and 8,000 bags langoon, privately over side, at lOs,; 70 tierces ICarolina were held for 24s. 6d., and 340 bags mid. dlng pinky Madras for ls. 3d. per cwt. Coco.xrrT OIL continues in good demand at 49s. 6d. for Ceylon, and 5Os. 9d. to 51, for Cochin. 11;DiGo.-351 seronS Guatemala were offered in sale to. day, and nearly all sold at about the previous rstes for the fine qualities, and 3d to 4d. advnce for the lower descrip. tions. TALLow.-The markethas been rather firmer to-day; 6%so was paid for September, and 60s. 3d for last three months, but closing sellers thereat.
MThITARY AND NA VAL INTELLIGUENa. The following memorandum hAs been inued from the Recruiting Department, Horse Guards :- - " The standard of recruits (meu and lads) for all regiI ments of infantry is reduoed to 5 feet 5 inches, the age rom iing s notified in the Last sohedule. "sy command of his Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Clmief " G. A. WETEERiALL, Adjutant-General. The C nine-pounder field battery of the Royal Artillery, under the command of Major the Hon. D. M. Fraser, socompaniedby CaptdnHE Benny and Lieutenants C. J Tyler, William R. Lewellyn, and F. J. G. HilL arrived on Tuesday at Cork from Ballincollig, in order to embark atQueenstown for India. The 185 non-commirioned officers and men appeared in excellent condition and spirits, Major-General Eden, in command of the distrit, and Lieutenant-Colonel Reynell Pack the Assistant- QuArtermaster-General, receieved the corpa. The battery were then taken on board the Athlet e, and sailed on Wednesday evening for Kurrachee. The Scotia steam transport embarked yogterday at Portsmouth the head-quarters ot the 72d Highlanders for India, consisting of Lientenant.Colonel Parke, Brevet-Major Rocke, Captains Rioo and Buchanan, Lieutenants Vesey, I Bassett, Brownlow, Stewart, and Carmpion; Ensign Sher- lock, Surgeon Seaman, Asasstant-Surgeon Carolan, Adjutant (Lieutenant) the Hon. S. R. H. Ward, Paymrster Munro, and 326 non-commissioned offloers and men. A further detachment will join them this morning, and the Sootia will sail this evening for India. The James Baines Liverpool clipper, with the 97th Regiment on board, was passed on the 17th nlt. with 37 sails set-slysnils, studdingsails alow and aloft, and moonsail I Her progress was wonderful, considering the winds. The Champion of the Seas, with the 20th Regimient on board, was spoken at the same time not far astern of the James Baines. The other clipper of the Black Ball line, the Lightning, wsa passed this day week 140 miles S.W, of SUlly, or about 600 miles from the Foreland, in 46 hours. The Prometheus and Rifleman steam vessels left Spithead on Thursday night for the eastward to be paid ofL When the 90-gun screw ships Cesar and Hannibal were paid off at Portsmouth some months ago they were paid off " all standing," and their ships' companies (between 800 and 900 each) were for 14 or 16 days doing little or nothing. Now an order has been issued to dismantle them, to examine their spars and rigging, and to rig them afresh. Most of the other advanced line-of-battle ships and a flotilla of gunboats ar to be got ready, so far as tho preparation of the rigging and gear of each is concerned, for service on short notice, If required. The CuraMoa, 31, Captain Forbes, did not receive her orders to dismantle until Wednesday morning, and she is now stripped for paying off. It is reported, however, that she will be speedily re-commissioned, together with the first-class screw frigate Imperieuse. The garrison orders of Thursday evening, issued at Woolwiob, contain the names of Lieutenaut-Colonel Henry W. Montre sor, Lieutenant-Colonel Gloucester Gambier C. B., and Lietenant-Colonel Evan Maberly, as under order, to proceecd to India in command of the reinforcements of Royal Artillery about to embark for that Country. The annual inspection of the Royal Artillery stationed at Woolwich was resumed yesterday morning by the General commanding the garrison, Sir W. P. Williams. At 10 o'clock 13 battalions were drawn out on the paradeground facing the barracks-14 being the total number. Having been formed into companies and detachments, the General rode down the ranks and made tbe usual demand if any one had cause for complaint, and receiving no reply, they were marched off the ground on account of the stormy state of the weather. At the termination of the inspection the General and staff repaired to the orderly barrack-room of each battalion, where he inspected the contents of the k-napsacks and examined the arms, k&. The inspection of the 10th battalion was ordered to take place on Tuesday. The freight ship John Bull, having embarked 8,000 barrels of powder from Woolwinh Arsenal, sailed yesterday Friday) for Montreal and Quebec. The screw transport Balaklava arrived at Woolwich yesterday, laden with military stores, from Devonport and Portsmouth. The first division of the 3d Dragoon Guards have sailed in the Forerunner, and two troops in the Warrior Queen, while the head-quarters of the same regiment have saled in the Genghis Khan, not for Calcutta, but Bombay. The Trincomalee, 24 guns, Captain Wallace Houstoun, arrived at the Little Nore yesterday at 2,10 p.m., from the Pacific. She saluted the flag of the Commander-in-Chief, which was returned by the flagship WaLterloo. The Trincomalee proceeds to Chatham, where her officers and crew are to be paid off. The Chesapeake, 51 guns, new screw steam frigate, Captain Watson, is completing her coaling at the coal dep6t at Saltpas Beach. She is under present orders to leave Sheerness on Tuesday next. She is fairly but not fully manned. Orders have been received to complete her complement of able seamen in preference to any other ship fitting for sctive aervice here. The Ganges, 84 guns, Captain Fulford, is under orders to leave SheerDess to-day. There are at the present time noable seamen in the station ships at Sheerness available for being draughted into ships fitting for active service. The Formidable guard ship of ordinary, Captain-Superintendeut John Jervis Tucker, is nearly 100 short of her oomplement for harbour duty. The Edinburgh screw steam guardship, Captain EB. R. Haisted, is 80 short of her complement for duties required in the steam reserve. The following naval appointments were made yesterday:- Masters' Assistants.-G. C. Larken, to the Diadem; E. D. Shartt, to theConflict; R. hL Coombe, Stvx V. IL Lys, Valorous; T. W. Webster, Vulcan-all commis ioned. Midshipman-John Hughes, to the Peloris. MILITIA. The Cardiganshire Militia will aemble for training in the course of this month. The Royal Carmarthen Rifles hsve been called out for 21 days' training. They have assembled at the barracks at Carmarthen, under the command of Colonel Lord Dynevor, This force numbers about 200 men. Warrants, bearing date the 2d of September, have beeu issued by the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, directing that the following regiments of Hfilitia be forthwith embodied-viz., the Queen's Royal Antrim Rifles, the North Cork Rifles, Royal North Down Rifles, Royal South Down Regiment, Queen's Own City of Dublin Regiment, County of Limeriok Regiment, and county of Roscommon Regiment.
THE IDIA, CHINA, AND AUSTRALIAN MAILS. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ripon, Captain D undas, arrived at Southampton yesterday at 10 a.m. with the heavy portion of the India and China maiU, and also the mail from the Australian and New Zealand colonies brought to Suez by the European, the whole being in charge of Lieutenant Seaward, R.ML, &dmiralty agent, and making toge ther the largest mail probably ever .srried in one steamer. She also brings 110 passengers, 47 invaUds and distressed seamen, 2,398 bales of silk, and 239 packages of general merchandise. The Ripon left Alexandria Augnst 21, Malta 25, and Gibraltar 30, and has had fine weather throughout the voyage. Her Majesty's steamships Desperute, Caradoc, and Tar. tarus were at Alexandria., the last-named vessel employed in surveying the adjacent coast. The gunboats Arrow, Osprey, and Wanderer were at Malta. Admiral Lord Lyons, in the Royal Albert, accompanied by the Princess Royal and the Centurion, left Gibraltar Bay or Tunis, on the 29th nut. The vessels lying at Gibraltar, were the Vnlture, the Curlew, and the Vigilant. Gibraltar exchanges on the 29th stood at previous quotations, the only variations being, Seville, J dis.; Valencia, i dis.; and Barcelona, J dis. The Ripon spoke the following vessels during the voyage. -The English ecrewr steamer Brenda, off and for Malta: the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Colombo: 110 miles west of Galita, for Malta; the Dutch screw steamer Trieste, off Algiers, steering east; the English brig Gem of the Sea, off Cape de Gatte, bound west; the English screw steamer Vasco de Gama, off Cape de Gatte, steering to the eastward ; the English screw steamer Orontes, off St. Vincent, steering south; the Peninsular and Oriental Com. xmy's steamer Tagus, off and for Lisbon the troopship Tersilia, 00 nmiles north-east of Cape Fimsterre, Eix days out, bound to Madras, all well on board; the schooner Conquest, 170 miles north-east of Cape Finisterre, steering to the south-west; the screw steamer Saxon, on the 3d inst., off Ushant, steering up ChanneL
ThE SuFEPEZTs rx IN-DL-His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, with his acustomed liberality, has forwarded to the Lord Mayo; as President of the Committee for the Relief of the Sufferers in India, tho handsome donation of 100L A communication bhs also been received from Sir James Melvill, Secretary of the East India Company, enclosing a privato donation from tbnt gentleman, and assuring the committee that their exertions meet with the cordial sympathy of the directors. This, we trust, wil in a great measure counteract an impression, too prevalent in some quarters that the entire onus and Yesponsibility of alleviating the great amount of distres existing amcag all claees,whether sermnts of the Company or not, will rest with the Company. It must be obvious to every reflecting mind tbat there will of necessity be a Tery brge class of our fellow-countrymen either wholy or partially ruined by the recent calamitous events in Bengal hose claims for compensation could not be entertained either by the directors of the Company or by the Governmnent,
BAIKRRUPZCY COUrT B ftgu4 Sit. 4 IDrN WILLBAM CATFRL (Bcfors Mr. Commusione Fi;x I repe bdkrupt was a msltser,-of War His a&connts, prepared by 3es Butler and Cannings, extended n June 1, 1855, to July 29 1857. They commence with a, estimated deficiency of 2,9181., `nd close with the following items --Dr, unsecured creditors, 12,7771.; crediti holding life policies, 4,796; liabilities upou acceptnces (nearly the whole of which it is supposed 'wlt come against the estate), 19,4191. There are virtuAll ho usets, the whole ot the bankrupt's estate and eoecte, inclusive of csh which he atates belonged to h; son, having been eized bY the Crown in ful discharge ef a debt of lO,llIll,towing for excise duties. The life policies held by the secured creditors are valued at 80, and the present large deficiency is accounted for by the bankrupt's gross profits having been no more than 3,7951, and gast which there were items includmng the following :- , 10,741L.; tradeexpenaeg,2 985L.; domestic cxpensBs, 1,0924; rent, rates, and taxes, 1,8K ; interest, 1,4191. This was an examination meeting. Mr. Wilde appeared for the assignoes, and Mr. Smith for the baLnkrupt. Mr. WILDZ asked for an adjourmeut. The madignees were not eatiifed.c The allege2 defioiency of 2,6181. w&a nuiexplained, and the assignees had no means of judging of the accuracy of the aocounts generally. The CommimSogZrm-Tbe baLnkrupt owes to unscured creditors 12,7001.; to creditors holdin life ii 4,7001. ; to liLbility credfitors, 19,0001; and he as not a farthing for them. The bankrnpf s conduct Is wholly unjustifiable. It is no excuse to say thAt the Crown has swept off everything. The bankrupt ought to have kno tihe state of his affairs, and to have taken steps that would hive procured an equal diributlion of his property. Mr. Cannan (official assignee) remarked that there had been three extents from the Crown. On the occasiun ot the last extent a conslderable amount in cash was seized, which the bnkrupt stated belonged to his son. Mis HONOUR.-There will be an adjounmment to the 30th of October. The bankrupt is not entitlod to any favour. rI RE L. E. MYERs. The bankrupt was a dealer in Manchester goods, of Step. ney and elsewhere. Thi wvas the certificate meeting. Mr. Chidlcy appeared for the asignees, Mr. Lawrance for the bankrnpt, and Mr. Lucas for a creditor. His HONOUn said there was not a farthing for the creditors. Thecae belonged to Mr. Commimioner Evand, and he would not adjudicatc upon it. Adjournment acoordingly. IN RE JOSKPH PIPXR. The bankrupt wa a furnishing ironmonger of 92, Eigh. street, Shoreditch. He pased his examination unopposed by Mr. Chidley, for the amssi ees, on accounts shownng debts 1,6151., ssets
COLLEGE FELLoWSHIPS. TO TE[F EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I should feel much obliged by your insertion of a few obgervations on an article in your paper of to-day, in which you discuss the question of the celibacy of Fellows of Colleges; for the point to whtch I am desirous of drawing attention is one which has an importxnt bearing on the matter, but which is not, I think, alluded to in your remarks I do not believe that anv of thoso who have proposed alterations in our present tenure have ever thought for a moment that distinction already attainod in classics or mathematics waa any title to provision for themselves anda wife and children. But what many feel Is this: that the only reason worth mentioning why the present restriction of Fellows to celibacy shouldi be retained is its securing a greater rapidity of succesdion; and if this advantage can be obtained otherwise,-viz., by making a FeUowship tenable only for a certain number of years, say 10, why should a Fellowship be deteriorated in value by the annexation of an undedrable condition ? I think it would be difilcult to mention any real benefit which is produced by the present system; and there are obvious reasons why men, whatever their vocation in life, should not be precluded uunecessarily from having the bealthy influenoo of a wife, and in some cases her active assistnce in pastoral duties And if it be said that we ehould be encouraging improvident marriages by removing the present restriction I reply that it is dilicult to aeo why oommon prudence should be trusted less la Fellows of Colleges than in all other classes in society. But there is another reason for removing the restriction, which is, perhaps, stil more important, and which you seom yourself inclined to favour; and that arises from the fact that College lecturers aud tutors are almost invariably Fellovws, and therefore preluded from m ing. I believe the effoct of the restriction is seriously prejudicial to the interests of learning and -education, 'Under the present system few ever look to tho College work as more than an ocoupation for a few yeas And yet one would fancy that the work, if it be done well, would task the energies and demand the devotion of at least the best part oE a man's life, If a terminable FeUoowship were in these cases renewable for one or moro periods, and the restrietion to the celibacy, and I may add to Holy orders also, were removed, the quality of our instruction and the knowledge of the instructors would bo increasod in the only way in which I believe it possible. The reform of the Tniverities and CoUeges is one most interesting, doubtless, to those who are actively engaged in them, but it will have, I think, no slight effect on the general education of the country if it be done thoroughly. I shall be truly glad if you will give it the powerful assistance of your consideration. I have the hononr to be vnrs v A FELLOW OF i COLLEGE. Cambridge, Sept. 3.
T}nS CATHEDRAL OF NOTRE DAN1M AT BoimoN-9. -On Sunday, August 30, an imposing ceremony was per. formed to celebrate the placing of a statue of Our Ladv of Boulogne on the summit of tbe dome of the new cathedral. and although the building is yet far from complete, the ceremony was very much in the nature of an inauguration and conscoration of the cathedral. In the morning there was Pontifical Mass, performed by the Bishop of Arrxs and Boulogna, in presenoo of Cardinal de Villecourt, specially delegated by the Pope; the Archbishop of Cambray, the Bishops of Amiens, Nevers, Soissons, Ghent, and Lige, the Prince de la Tour d'Auvergne, the Right Rev. Dr. Cullen, Catholic Archbishop of Dublin' Dr tlllatborne, the Catholic Bishops of Toronto and Troy, United States, and many other dignitaries; and the vast building was filled with a compact audience The music was fine and impressive. In the afternoon there was a procession, which started from the cathedral at 2 and returned there about 6, after having passed through the principal streets and quays of the town. ravcured by a cloudiess sky, bright sun, and moderate breeze, the effect of the long cog4,cr with banners and emblems, was very string. The procession included the clergy of all the parishes of Boulogne and most of the neighbouring towns, and all the bishops in their costumes, embroidered with gold and silver, wearing their mnitres and bearing their croziers The streets through wlich it passed were decorated with hangings of white and blue, and Boulogne was crowded with strangers who came fromn far and near to witness a sight so unusual in our times. [Advertisement.}-" Homrropathic Domestic Physician," byD! Pdlte and Rpp 68 e', mm Thia work. as well ae bein adapted to familles Rnd emlgrantre an SneAfflent first work for the arrmopatolh c lmedie udout'1 prace of the eyttem in the se, cTi ran of disea Is tuly displayed. and the remedy azd doe to be used In each case stated. Sent frea by post. Jamieg lippe 170, liocadlly: 112, Crat BRueil.strtet, Bloonbr y; and A2, Old Brod-treet cily o Pier ad Co.. Patesrm er-row. _[Advertisement.j-India, and the Rise and Progress of MtilbhSupremacy- Lu tae fortbmointn number (19.) o0 " C)aawirIltrated FLmily Paper' will be oomimenoed a series of mos Inter105 articles o0a tbis all-engrosaing sulbject The nunmber al'o cor Ltns well executed engravings ot the India 'House-The Jung5rnaut Temple-The Hsxrert Moon-Joan of Are tn Prison-ands 'ene from J. F. Smith's Tale, "* he Yomg Pretouderw to meet tho de- d for whikh it h been necesry to agaoin reprint Nor. 186. 187, and 180, whichaso now ready. In this number t, al:o ons.tlnuod A. Duma,. gre est tale "- Royalit and tepttblsoans.-London, Kent and Co. Advertisement.,-India, by J. H. Stocqueler (price Is .bds.) witb a tul acount of the orig. progress anddevelopment of the Muitny In the Bengal Army. and suggst-ion for the futumr, with rellable Information upon the tovaenment of lndiaL the produoti,;ns cemmero, edin, climate, wild sports, and rellcisos ceremoniet; lu,opeau Life and Traveliug In India. and deactsptlnos ot the ehiet tcwrL3- Delh, Luaonimvw fydorb.et Ccuth, Madr7s, mrboy, &gm; alo, %tbe' vrioct routes to ILdia. Free by post for D ttmsp-Lond .n, Cecrie Boatledce r.nd Oo. FlrrHngdon-utrme. [Advertbiemoebs. -essr Hurst and Blackett, 13, Great Mdarlborosbgstrete hbave Itut punbibhed the foll,Tvtg new wmrkt;I. * "Chw.0sbow ; being 8eectiona from a Journal kerT IU ludia,k Ue, by the VlsoGunts FaWklaid. 2 volS. ST!C, with illuestrationf. 3os - -Lady Falkiank'd worl. mar be read with interet and pleasure. and the reader, uless his Oriental altainmts are beyond tbe o:mrnu. will rise trom the ersal inrwwcte as wel * mnud - ts enssm 21 'Pa ei in theLAfeofa8oidier: or, MillttrySerrvie n the Fant and West by Lieuten ot-Oolounel 8SiJrmes t K Alexander. KC. LKt. " 2 vols with lU1n,tsratons. 21s. "Deoely Interostiog and full of valuable iboWmstloc."-Mes,scuegr. 3 "AutotbIoraphby or izahetth DavlE, a ialkiavra Nurse edited b) Jae Williams 2 vol. with portralt. 21s. " L this true story Of a Wclobwoman' life we &;acy, now and theuwe are reading fction by Defoa."-l:soiner. 4. " Rlzabetb de 2Vlols, Queen of 8tsn and the Cnurt of PbUil IL," by Mli's Freer 2 TOIL., portraIt. 21L rAdvertiSement.Juustpublished, size, 27im. by 20; price, plt n, 2 d. . ulo6yo ure4 G6d. Delhi: asplendidehn emvtihogaph of the City of Delhi and the surroundlig uou.t;.l dr4sn bF A. from native knd other otigtnoa aketrbes ad drawloge with ntferenoms tothe room importnt and Int-eretiag loolUties rcting P atnd vivid repsentatloo of this Important sealt ct cog.sfel-tbs forsner capital of the Patan and IMogul emi's.P Tbhi pDnt will becolme the more valnahle and InterestIng tro *he fact that vben the artDs of Brittai shall bays e molbed a JDat and terribl re ri- in, the city of Deli will hae eaued to erta London. Edward Stanford, 4, Obaring-crose, agent, by apponI,ent. f nr the rae, ot Ord. Secretary of Slate fur W r.
TiE MUTIKIA'S IN INDIA. We continue to publish from the numerous lette;fs forwarded to us by the friends and relatives, of officers iu India such as contain any new detAils or matter of particular interest. CAWNPORE. We have been favoured with a oopy of the following letter froma Cawnpore, which is., we believe, of the latest date received from withi that unfertunate garrison. The letter was recveived on the 14th of JI.LIY :-"' Cnwnpore, JMay 24. "My deat Mother,-I am very glad that the mal for England is not going just yet, for I should only be able to Fend yoa unsatisfactory news. I need not send this letter, however, for another week, nnd by that 3une I hope I may be able to teU you that the statf we are in has oene to an end. I wrote to - and -- by 1w. mail, sending separate letters, and ama sorry to say that what I told you in my letter to the former was under insteal of over the marlt. There is now no doubt *sat at Delhi aU the three Native Irfantry regiments went over to the townspeople at once, and nearly aU the murders we heard of have been confirmed, and some more added to the i-st; whwle in some oases, especially the 20th Native Infsatry at Meerut, officers were shot down by the Sepoys. TilU within three days ago I thought there was llttle or no chance of our having the same to tell of this station, but, although as yet there is a dead ealm here, yet things do not look well. On the evening of the - there wero rumours flying about of one regiment accusing another of being on the point of rising, and 50 men of Her Majesty's 32d and a squadron of the 1st and another 'of the 2d Oude Irregular Cavalry aU came into the station. They had come from Lucknow, a distance of 50 miles, that day. " I heard al this at mess, and on going home afterwards thought for the first time of loading my pistols and putting them under my pilow (in other houses they had been sitting up a-U night for some time past), and this I did, turning in thereupon and sleeping as soundly as if I had been in T- square. " In the middie of the night I was only disturbed by a heavy thunderstorm, and my chum (Dowson) calling out that his door had been blown open, and he nearly blown out of bed; so, recom mending him to go to sleep, I soon showed him the way by example as well as precept. The next morning it was raining, and Dowson went out alone to hear the news; he soon came back, telling me that we had had a narrow escape in the night. It appears that in the middle of the night the General had received information that all the native regiments intended rising; heat once gave orders for the guns (we have a battery here now) to proceed at once to the barracks of the Depot of Her Majesty's 32d, nowhere. He also sent round notice to aU offlicers and Europeans in the city and cantonments, appointing the barracks the rendezvous, and directing all ladies to be sent there at once. The orderlies, in their excitement, I suppose, did not give this notice to a number of people, and left us out in the number; and, although the Artillery Barrae s are close to miiy house, yet, owing to the storm, our watehman never heard the guns were off. Nearly aU the ladies in the station were, however, turned out of their houses and hurried eff to the barracks. The scene in the morning you can imagine. They were all huddled together in a small building, just as they had left their houses; on each side of this the guns drawn up. The men had been kept standing by themii all night through the rain, expecting an instant attack. There are few people now in the station but what believe this attack had been intended, and had merely been de. layed on finding us so well prepared. " I still put aU trust in our Sepoys, and shaU do so until I see they are unworthy of it. I had, of course, intended that naight, or any other time, on the first appearance of a disturbance, to go straight to my company, and, oa hearing of aU this flight to the barracks, Dowson and myself sent a hackery to take a tent down to the camp of our regiment. intending to sleep there for the fature; indeed, I believe it to bo the saCest place, except the barracks, for there are a number of rascals in the oity anxious for a row, that they may marder and plunder at their ease; and they are likely enough to rome roaming abotrt cantonrments now that they are nearly deserted; bet among our men I believe we are perfectly safe, and if they do mutiny wo should, at all events, have the satisfaction of being at our posts. By that evening, however, an order was issued directing aed officers to sleep in the lines or camps of their respective regiments, so we did not have it all to ourselves; indeed, our command. ing officer had slept in the quarter-guard the night before. Since then Cawnpore has been in a perfect state of siege. All the ladies and non-combatants sleep in the barracks or in a chapel there is near them, in great discomfort, going home in the daytime for a little rest. Large stores of ammunition have been brought from the magazine to the bar. racks (32d), where the artillery are stWI kept, and 10 days' provisions have been laid in hero. There are now here 50 Artillerynmen and over 100 of the 32d, while the native ArtiUerymen are also kept at the barracks, as it is believed they will remain true, though, as it was a company of this very battalion who went over to Delhi, I don't see how these men can be trested uiuch more than the native infantry. I suppose altogether, with shopkeepers, &c., added to the officers, and these 150 European troops, we should muster (supposing that ve all reached the barracoks) about 400. In addition to this there are tWo sqjuadrons of Oude Irregulars, though, as these men were only taken into our service last year when we took the country, I should not put much trust in them, in spite of their being sent over by the authorities to assist us. " I send you a plan of the station ; you wiU see my house in the right hand upper corner. The ArtiUery Barracks near it are now, of course, deserted, all the men being down at the 32d barracks; indeed, so are aU the rest of cantonxnents; at night everything is so quiet it seems like a large cemetery. " How long this state of things will continue it is impossible to say, but if all goes wel I wiUl continue my letter in a few days, and I hope by the time the mail goes out to wind it up by saying that we are aUl settled down once more. "May .3L "It is a week since I began this letter, which I have been lceeping in the hope of being able to wind it up with some better news, but to-day I must send it off. I am sorry to say that here we are just as we were a week ago,-people aU in the barracks all night, and nearly aU *lay. They have surrounded it with a trench and earthen parapst, and have made all as ready as they can for a row here. In the mean-whUe the Sepoys of every regiment here declare they are true to thair salt, and ask what has come to all the Sahibs in the station that they aro iu such fear. We native infantry officers show them we trust them by sleeping in their lines every night, and we have no proof whatever that they have ever intended to mnutiny; but, still, how is it possible to say what they may do, when, in addition to what I told yon in mylast letter,weoknow that two native infantry regiments at Ferozepore have mutinied,and been fired into and cut up by HEer Majesty's 61st, 'he Artillery, and 10th (the 1 ast, natives behaved well), while at Lahore three native regiments have been disarmed, and do duty without arms? "In my last letter I told you that the 9th Regiment of Native Infantry at Allyghur and two other small stations between this and M eerut and Delhi were firm; hut they have muntinied, thog h without committing any of the Delhi and -Meerut attrocities. " In one or tw.v of the places they have quietly taken the treasueT, and in the others gone off without even doing that, simply telling their officers that they would stay no longer. By far the worst nows for us has, however, come in this mnorning by telograph from Lucknow-viz., that all the native regiments there, except the cavalry, have risen and the Brigadier . . . . , and three other officers mnrdered. "All the other regiments now in Oude are, I am afraid', certain to go, and, with the irregular regiments lately raised, there wiil be a tremendous force. After this, it the regiments here stand firm to their officers it will be a miracle. I am sorry now that I did not send this vi6 Caleitta. I kept it, hoping to give yon the latest news, and now I fear these rascals from Oude may boe on the road and stop thn carts. I am stil sanguine; but since the English have been India, except perhaps in the " Blackhole" time, there can be no doubt that our power has never been in such danger, In the retreat from Cabul things looked bad enough, and after the battle of Ferozeshah people thought the Sikhs would be in Calcutta, but then, and always hitherto, we have been fighting against open enemies; now we cannot tell who are friends, who enemies, and the worst ainong the latter are the very men we have been. giving arms to, and teaching them how to use them. If I were in an Earopean corps now I should be glad indeed to have a row with these rascals, and pay them off for Delhi and hfecrat; but no officer can look forward with any degree of pleasure to a struggle witlh men whom he lately commanded, and took a pride in, and implicitly trusted. "Thank Rea sn, I ain not one of the croakers here, and hAve never been troubled with the nervousness some people have shown, but I feel utterly disgusted with the whole army, and I only wish that I might get orders to go out with my regiment or alone with my company against some of these people, so that we could put the men to the test, and see whether they realy mean to stick to us or not, and end this state of suspense. " I must leave off now, and send this. If there is a row here you may be sure I will stick to my cormpany as long as 've have any chance of their obeyirg us. I would give a great deal so see you aU again, but I would give ten times ss much to have a fair fight with these Lucknow gr ally rther mutineers, and our own regiment standing to us firmly, so that we might keep our good name amid all the disgrce tho Bengal army has now fallen into." LIUCKENOW. The.Mowing letter is from a civilian in Lurk ;now - "Michee Bbaun Fort, Lucknow, .Iraly 6. 'Prssed by want of food and fuel, and redueed to tho lsst extremity, a sortie was made on the 2d inst., in the di. rection of the enemy's camp. Their advanced guard wAs taken by surprise and utterly routed, after two hours' desperate fighting. A considerable quantity of provisions fell into the hands of our troops. This successful operation was conducted in person by our gallant and noble chief Sir Henry Lawrence, at the head of 200 Europeans, chiefly Her Majesty's 32d Foot. Returning from the scene of action flushed with victory, and bearing the proceeds of their hard fight for the relief of the poor sufferers in the fort, just as our troops reached the town the native artillery who accompanied the expedition suddenly wheeled round and opened a deadly fire from the guns on the unfortunate 32d, and I regret to say that before they were able to reoover themselves and face their assailants upwards of 60 men, rank and file, were killed and several of our best officers severely wounded-am ong the officers our galant general, who was severely cut in the leg by the splinter of a shell, and died this day at 4 o'clock of lock-jaw induced by the wound. The following officers' names I have been able to collect who were wounded in the sortie and subsequent attack by the miscreant traitors:-Major Case (since dead), Major Bell Captains Lawrenoe, Cook, *Wainwright, and Moore; Lieutenants M'Cabe, Brackenbury, Browne, Hill, and Chariton. We have been obliged to retire from the lines defending the town and to abandon our strong positions in consequencs of these sad casualties, and to fall back upon this old fort, which we have very strongly entrenched, and shaUl be able to resist the enemy as long as we have provisions, which are expected fully to last (of course on a famine scale of distribution) for five -weeks; but 'we must not again venture beyond the wall, except it be to make one final and desperate attempt to cut through the hordes of villains and thousands of well-dIscipEned native troops drawn up against us in regular order of battle. " The most painful consideration is the number of ladies and women and helpless people who have fled for protection to the fort, and are now here. Upwards of 200 of these poor creatures are crammed into this narrow place, where it is impossible to describe their sufferings. Death Woould be indeed a happy release to many of them, and it is enough to melt the heart of the hardest solrlier to witness their cruel privations, while it is wonderful at the same time to see the patience and fortitude with vhich they ame enabled to endure the unparaUeled misery of their position," MUTIENY AT INDORE. The following are extracts from the private letter of an officer present during the mutiny at Indore on the 1st of July:- " Sehore, July 4. " A little after S am. on the 1st Holkar suddenly attacked us at Indore. The artilery (nine-pounders, procured for him by the Governor-General's agent) and his infantry opened. They were posted by the opium godown. The miscreants cut down a number of poor telegraph people and their families, and dosed us with a supply of our own grape, furnished them from Mhow. My only cavalry at the moment available were a few always kept saddled in the square of the stable yard; the others, being in the Mehidpore cavalry lines, were in a measure cut off, and required time to saddle and come round. The Mehidpore infantry were neutral, and our own (Bhopal) nearly in as bad a state. To strike a blow, and an effectual one, was of the greatest importance, and in doing this not a moment was to be lost. Placing myself at the head of the few cavalry ready, though not properly formed, I led them against both the guns and infantry supporting each other, at first with something less than 20 men; the affair seemed almost hopeless, but our only chance. As I cast my eye back and found only six or seven following me, and not in good order, much as I despise the Mabrattas As soldiers, I saw we could not by any possibility make an impression. Still, at it I went-to draw rein or turn after giving the order to charge was too much against the grain. I came in for a large share of their most polte attention. My horse was woundod in three places; I had to parry a sabre cut with the back of my sword, but God, in His great mercy, protected me, and the dastardly gunners threw themselves under their guns. Had I had 30 or 40 good Sowars at the time, with their hearts in the right place, I would hays captured their three guns, and have cut their 200 infantry to pieces, but what could half a-dozen do against so many? The foe then moved into the plain in front of the flower garden, to blaze into the Residency. I instantly moved up and attacked with my two guns, the SSubahdar Sewlale and the gunners behaving nobly, and drove them back, disabling, apparently, one of their guns. " l'he rest of my cavalry now came up, asking to be led to the charge, but I could find no bugler, nor could I get the men into proper order. They seemed uncertain whom to trust, who were friends or who foes, and to lead them on as they then were would have been destruction. They would have been taken in flank by Holkar's numerous cavalry and overthrown. My infantry was reported in a state of mutiny, eo it was all up. - decided upon retreating, drawing off the children and ladies before we were completely surrounded. Although we could have held the Residency for a few hours longer, we should have been unable to vwithdraw the poor helpless women and chUdren, many of whom had to be put upon the gun limabers and waggons as all Holkar's force was pouring out of the city, and the raseals also. I covered the retreat with the cavalry, and we made for Mundlaisir, s-id Simrole Ghat, but we found that Holkar (anticipating such a move, from strong posts well provisioned having been formed there by -) had sent ou3 during the night a very superior force to occupy the Ghats and oppose us in all possible ways; and as our cavalry, without saying so, seemed not to relish leaving their famiies thus, and facing such strong posts, we decided it best to change our route; but delay would be death, and we had to continue our march until we left the Maghoghur pass behind us, for bad that been occupied we should have been in difficulties. Even then we could only halt for an hour or so, as Scindiah and Holkar being one we had to look out for the Tuppa Pass. At lat that was got over, men and cattle done up, the poor ladies and children bearing up wonderfully, or better than that; at Koorlee we rested for three hours and then pushed on for ' Ashta,' which we reached yesterday, Sd. How the, weaker portion stood so much is wonderful. " July S. "A large party left for Hussinghabad a few days ago. The Begum (Bhopal) has clearly told us that the whole o, India is now at enmity with us, that our remaining here is a source of weakness to her, and endangers the State and her; we have, therefore, no option but to depart for Hussinghabad, taking with us as much of the contingent as choose to go, which will be fesv. The remainder I leave here in charge of the Begum, and we t-ust to retain the contingent thus, who are angels in couparison. I lost everything at Indore, as did every one. To say my heart is heavy is no word for it, but what can be done? Matters are indeed horrible. The 5th Infantry, Gwalior Contingent, murdered Dr. and Mrs. James, and Lieutenant and Adju. tant O'Dowd; the others, with a large party, are coming this way. Terrible rain, and so many poor women and young children exposed night and day to it." ALLAIIABAID. The following is an extract from a letter from an officer in the East lisdia Company's service When the wretched 6th Regiment mutinied at Allahabad and murdered their officers, an ensign, only 16 years of age, who was left for dead among the rest, escaped in the darkness to a neighbouring ravine. Here he found a stream, the waters of which sustained his life for four days and nights. Although desperately wounded he contrived to raise himself into a tree during the night for protection from wild beasts. Poor boy ! he bad a high commission to fulfil before death released him from his stifferings. " On the fifth day he was discovered, and dragged by the brutal Sepoys before one of their leaders to have the little life left in him extinguished. There he found another prisoner, a Christian catechist, formerly a Mahomedan, whom the Sepoys were endeavouring to torment and terrify into a recantation. " The firnmess of the native was giving way as he k-nelt amid his persecutors, with no human sympathy to support him. The boy officer, after anxiously watcbing him for a Ehort time, cried out, " Oh, my friend, come what may, do not deny the Lord Jesus !" "Just at this moment the alarm of a sudden attack by the gallant Colonel Neile with his Madras Fusileers caused tho instant flight of the murderous fanatics. The catechist's life was saved. He turned to bless the boy whose faith had strengthened his faltering spirit. But the young martyr had passed beyond all reach of human cruelty. He had entered into rest."
THE BATTLE OF AGRA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your paper of the 29th ult. Major Thomas and Lieutenants Pond and Fellowes are reported as killed in the battle of Agra, on Sunday the 5th of July. I am happy to be able to state for the information and satisfaction of their Lkiends, that those ofacers were not killed. but only fthtly wounded L that obstinate fight and, though Major Thomas 'ws 3.ore severely hurt in consequerice of his hor falltng UP^n him, even he was getting better. 3y authority is a letter dated the 16th of July, from my brother, lteutenzntColonel W. Riddell, commanding the 3d Europeans, who headed them in th- field, and who reports their easlties to have been 29 klled and 67 wounded, being a full sixth of the number qugaged, which, though large, is not to be'wondered at, considering the overwhelming force of the enemy and the severity of the action. Your Bombay correspondent gave so full an account of the battle and its results, I need say nothing more thereon; but it may be interesting to many of your readers to know that the little band at Agra were all comfortably settled inl the fort, with abundance of provisions for six months, and supplies still pouring in. I ~~~~~~It am. Siv7n1' {nl WALTER MDELI6 Cavers-aCre, RoxbuTgbshire, Sept. 2.
THE CORN TRADE. CORN.-F.XOFANEfR M .- .- -. . teSuPPl Of Eng)lsh wheat thia Week Is rery large, butt of foreIgn wheat andi erley only moderAte. Teie arrivals ot oate are liberal, andL all descriptions of corn. ,&l C* abort. The wheat trade to-day is better in tone, an rh rt er more money thanonuMOndAy Isat. There Ia no quotable variation in the value of Barley. Oats for good corn very firm, and quite a dear as 00 Monday laat Flour Is rather dearer . Notfofk heid fur 40s. Beans and peas fully a. dear. A-PeIUVALS. Wheat. Barley. Oata Enasla and Scotch .. 4,180 610 90 foreIgn 6,20 0 5,470 26,060 Flour, Engliah, 1,S10 sacks; ditto, foreign, 300 sacks and 150 barrels. Mat,t 1,710 qrs. LIVZRPOOL, S9 . 4, The arrivals frol Irelbnd and coatwae since Tuezday lave been inEignificant From loreign Porte we have received 4.021 quarters of wheat. 1.574 quazters of barley, 1,O00 queatrs of beans, 1332 quarters of Ind ian orn, 1,488 eacts and 023 barrels of flour. The exports in the tame time comprice 1,990 quarters ot wheat, 326 quarters of oata, 1n771 qssertere of Indiau corn, 433 reak; and 463 barrels of flour. As the weather aprears to bave completely broken up and 3uppliee con. tsuue extreaely lIght, there has been Increased dlaPoitionL on the par of the trade to get into stock. and bolders of wbeat and corn have been able to exsct rasher more money In the rales made. In otber articles there has been no materell alteration In value or demand. Attbisday's mnsrettherewas afair atteudanco of the townand country trade, and some bu,ers from Ireland. Wheat wae again In good demaud, but the business done rot extensive, owing to the emaI offezings asd high pretenEi.na of holders, who generally Indsted upon rn aovance of la. to 2d. on white, and 10. to 3d. petr Rib. on red wbeat. New I.ish broegbt fully late rates. Flour was in r quest and an eavance of Is. per reek and barrel was generalsy eatabished. Oats, bott; Lew and old, and oatmeal, with a moderate demand, m2intalInd their value Barley was more Irquired for, and ratber nore galeable. Begns and x as remain aa last quzoted. There was very litte Indian cern (ffering, and b uyera had to pay 37& perquarter for prime Danube and Oderes, and laO, for Ameican. I S:~~~AKFIELD, 0rr'r. 4. I arvect iaerly finiAed inEhisdi,rSE Tbere Is a better tone in thtbe wheat trale tban at Leeds on Tuesday. and for fine dry new and a httio fresh 014 we hare experienced a fair drmand at last weeks prices Otherscort stDil meet * slow paje, The littUe new barley on offer is taken off at our quotutions. Beans folly as dear. In oats ana seheliag no altesulon,
RAILWAY I4'A ,IAPLrrGE.N C_ The followin &M the r oeipts of rlUwlwys for the pas EAST ANOGIAN. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. IL Bruce in the chair. Mr. Bond, the secretary, having read the notice convening the meeting, the report, an abstract of which has appeared in The Tim, was taken as read. The Can.trPNM., in moving the adoption of the report, said they were gradually reaziing what had been formerly antioipated-namely, a general increase in their traffic. They had now arrived at the polit of paying all their preference charges, carrying over a considerable sum towards forming a fund for payment of dividend to the original shareholders. The traffic had increased at the rate of about 8 per cent. per annum, and there was nothing to prevent its continuance. The resources of the district were considerable, and the increase of traffic was shown every half year. The soil was very fertile, and the port of Lynn was rising in importance. He believed the more the capabilities of Lynan were known .h3 more would they be esteemed. He vas glad to be able to inform them that ships now came direct from Hamburg to Lynn, bringing full cargoes. The only drawback was that they had not return cargoes. There were some spirited individuals at Lynn who were increasing the trade. The company would afford every facility to persons with capital -ettliSg at Lynn, as they were anxious to extend the traffic over their line. Oil cake and seeds were imported in large quantities, and he thought there were elements of a profitable and beneficial trade, which only reoutred capital and energy to develope it. The working expxenses of the Eastern Counties }llway Compas , in whic they were all interested, had been reduced. ana he had no doubt that further reductions would take place He was glad to say there was every disposition in the present board of the Eastern Counties Company to supply the necessary facilities for traffic on the East Angliau line, and by doing so the Eastern Counties Company would undoubtedly increase the traffic over their own ]ies. The coal rates had been dealt with, but sufficient time had not elapsed to show their effect on the receipts of the East Anglian Railway. The nevw rates came into operation on the Ist of May last, and the summer months did not afford a fair trial aa to the value of the coal traffic. The coal drops would soon be completed at Lynn, and it was expeted that the coal trade would be considerable from that port over the railway. They had extended the railway *long the quays of Lyna to facilitate traffic, and he was glad to say that the Corporat{on of Lynn had co-operated vith the directors and rendered them assistance. The directors had most carefuly examnined the share register of the company, the certificates, and the books relating to four descriptions of stock, and they were bound to say that, very much to the honour of Mr. Bond, their secretary,they found everytbing eorrect. They had examined the certificates and counterfoils, and after considerable labour convinced themselves that everything relating to the register and transfers was right to a penny. (Hear, hear.) Mr. I, Simrsox seconded the motion for the adoption of the report. lIe thought the shareholders might assist the dimectors in obtaining money on the bonds of the company at less than o per cent. The Eastern Counties Company were borrowing at 44 per oent., and he thougt the ast .knglian bonds equally good security, as they had in addition to their own the seal of the Eastern Counties Company afftixed to them. He thought Mr. Boad was entitled to great credit for the able manner in which he had managed the transfer departmena. Large steaimerswere about bringiag coal to Lynn, and he thought the poer would become one of importance. Mr. HERmsiTs was glad to see that they were working in harmony with the Eastern Counties Company. It was only by such means they could cultivate and develope the traffic, and at the same time reduce their working expenses. He was much pleased to see the improved position of the company, and thought there was now some chance of the ordinary shareholders receiving a dividend. Resolutions were passed adopting the report, declaring a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum on the B stock, and of 7 per cent. per annum on the C stock. The CHA Nw& said they had power to convert their borrowed money into a debenture stock, and would do so when the money-mark-et wias favourable. O 'n the motion of Mr. HETRAPATHT, a cordial vote of thankqs was passed to the chairmnan and directors, and also to Mr. Bond, the secretary, for their great attention to the interests of thecomnpany. The meeting then separated. SHEFFIELD, BARNSLEY, WAKEFIELD, AND GOOLE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held last week at Wakefield; Mr. E. B. Beaunmont in the chair, The Secretary read the report, wlhich stated that the directors had submitted to the directors of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Eailwray Company the shareholders' resolution for accepting a fixed rate of not less than 14,0001. pr anmum, in lieu of the present payment and half the surplus profits. The directors of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Company refused to adopt the resolution passed by this company, but they consented to let their offer of 13.5001. stand untl the hAlf-ywrly meeting of this company, and, as the directors have reason to believe the Lancashire and Yorkshire Company would not increase upon their present offer, it would rest witk the shareholders at the special meeting to determine whether such offer should be accepted or not. On the motion of the CHsAIRNFAN a dividend was declared for the half-year ended 30th of June last at the fall nate of 5Z. per cent, per annum, less income-tax, payable after the 1st of September next. The meeting was then made special, and resolutions were passe, approving and adopting the heads of an agreement ,or te sale and transfer of the undertaking to the La*ashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for a fixed payment of 13,500O. per annum, and authorizing the diroctors to carry the same into effect. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. VALE OF CLWYD. The third half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Denbigh on Monday; Mr. T. Mainwaring, M.P., chairman of the directors, presided. The notice convening the meeting was read, and also the report of the directors, which stated that the contract for the works (exclusive of permanent way and stations, hut including every other contingency) had been let to Mr. D, Davies, Landinas, Montgomeryshsre, for 2,1651. per mnile; that the workhad been commenced with vigomr; and that the line would be completed to St. Asaph early in the spring. ab directQra asked th9 shareholders for si Indvanity against personal blbi,ties which tbey had Srcurred in their aAnfety to hesten tVe oompletion of the lin The suditors report expressed their approval of the policy of the d&rectors, and cer iflcd to the correctnes of the aonaht The capital aocoun. showed that 60,000L wus authorized to be razsEdon share, and 20,000L on loan, together 80,000L. The recellp4 to the 30th of June amounted to 4,655L, and the expens to 3,1651., leaving a balanoe of 1,4891. at the bankers'. Resolutiocs were passed adopting the report and acowunts, sad indemnifying the directors. The directors and auditors retiring by rotation were re-elected, and votes of thanks to the directors and secretary for the manner in which the business of the company had been conducted wero passed. ULVERSTONE AND LANCASTER. The report of the directors of this company states that the works now completed bear every mxrk of massivenes and solidity, and were observed upon by the Government inspector as of great merit. The viaducts attracted his particular admiration, and received his complete approral, after having been subjected to the most evere test. The works reflect the highest credit upon Mr. Brunlees, the courpany's engineer. The line was openedon the 26th of Augst, and trains are to run in connexion with the through commaunication between Whitehaven aAnd London. Mr. Brunlees, the engineer, stAtes in his report that the whole of th structures on the line are in a sound and efficient state, and the running of the heavy ore trains ha tended greatly to consolidate the permanent way, which is now in ood rir and condition. The capital acount shows that 7,5 had been roceSived to the 30th of June last, and 296,4161. expended, leaving a balnnce of l1(,17
STATB OF TRADE. MA2NCHESTER, SEPm. 4. There Is about the same amount of activity In the yarn. market as on Tuesday, anci lower and medium counts are Tery scarce at a rise of Jl. to ld. per lb. since the beginning of August. Double yarns also continue in falU request, at rising prices. The demand continues active for the German markets, and there is also a fair business in qualities suited to Russia. The higber numbers of single yarns appear to be least affected by the rise in values. The home trade continue to supply themselves with moderate freedom. Of the cloth-marzflet reports from all quarters speak of great firmness. Messrs. DiD Fay and Co. say,- - Producers of coods apeear to be imnresed wish tho certainty that there will be no eoae in the cotton-raaret dutaing the rozaainder of the year, and have therefore stopped the production of such articles as cannot be moved off at adranced prices; they have also inttructe4 their agents to iwrt on bigher prices in all instanoce. The diminished production of the loom and the existing actire demand hbve enabled them througbout the pmat mouth to realLze their expectas tions to a lger degree than at auy tIme during this year. H- and 5- shiing: have rLmm 3d. to 7ld. per pIece: 94 Drinters, 3d. to 4i d. per piece; and 7-8, lid. to 5d. per pioce; domesics, Id. to 14. per yard, with a very extensivo busulne doing." Satteens and velveteeus are reported in request at riing values.
TRANSMISS1ON 0OF THE LATE TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES FROMf INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I can throw some light on the circumstances attending the delay in the transmission of the last news from India, as I was in Alexandria at the time of the arrival o- the mails at Suez. Early on Friday, the 14th nit., tele' graphic intelligence was received at AUexandria annonncing the arrival at Suez that morning of the mails from India and &ustralia. At that time the only European steamers in the port of Alexandria were the paddle steamers Tartarus and Caradoc and screw corvette Desperate, of the British navy, and the merchant screw steamer Bmeotia, belonging to Messrs. Papayanni and Mussabini's line of " Liverpool and the East steamships." None of the Penins-ihr and. Orlental Company's, Austrian Lloyd's, or European and Australian Company's vessels were in bhrbour, for the arrivals at Suez were out of due course. The Bceotia had completed her cargo, and was only waiting her advices, which were to be closed at 6 o'clock that evening. The agent of the vessel o'fered to detain her for the conveyance of the light portion of both mails either to Malta or Marseilles, but the offer was rejected and Consul Green informed the agent that the Caradoc would be sent to Cagliari direct with telegraphic despatches, and the light mails be carried on to Marseilles. The agent epeated the offer to convey any despatches to Mlalta, and said he would detain the Bceotia until next morning for the carriage of anything that might be received in the meantime. Accordingly, the Bwotia left Alexandria at 7 o'clock the next morning (the 15th ilt.) with Government despatches for Admiral Stopford and Vie Times correspondent at Malta. The &cotia arrived at Malta on the night of the 19th, and the despatches were at once delivered and information given of the intention of Consul Green to forward the Caradoc to Cagliari direct. An offer was immediately made by the agent of The Times to charter the Bootia for the eonveyance of the newspaper despatch to Cagliari; but the captain was reluctantly compelled to decline the proposal, as no answer had then been reeeived from his Liverpool owners to an application made previously as to the course he ought to take in the event of such a service being required from any of the liverpool and the East steamships. Your correspondent was advised to make his application to the Port Admiral and state his inability to obtain the services of the Bceotia, which he did, with a result now well known to yourself and the public. At 1 o'clock on th. morning of the 20th the gunboat Wanderer was sent off to Cagliari vwith the "oonfused and meagre" despatch with which the Government authorities favoured the public, and nine hours afterwards the Bceotia left for Liverpool with her cargo of cotton and corn. Being connected with the press myself, I was naturally anxious to know how your despatch had fared, and made inquiries. I vas informed upon what ought to have been reliable authority, that the Admiral had graciusly consented to forward the despateh by the Wanderer, and as no further application had been made for the Bceotia's services, it was concluded by her captain, agent, and all on board that the statement I had heard was correct. Unfortunately it was not until two days after the Bonotia had left Malta that permission was received from her owners to send any of their vessels to Cagliari or Marseilles whenever they could be of service to the public. I have been thus minute in detailing these circumstances, as I found upon my arrival here a very general impression that the agents and captain of the Boootia had not displayed that desire to promote the public convenience which might have been expected In these exciting times. You, Sir, have commented very properly upon the circumlocution-office conduct of the Port Admiral at Malta, but are there not other parties also responsible for the delay? flad the offer to detain the Bacotia for the conveyance of the light mails from Alexandria been accepted, the painful anxiety of the public to know the details of the news would have been relieved at least a week earlier than it was, or had they been sent by the Caradoe, as promised by Consul Green. Why the Caradoe was not made uEe of is, of eourse, an inscrntable mystery to us in England, but, as she vas under orders from the Admiralty to vait the arrival at Alexandria of the Siamese Ambassador, her non-departure from there may probably be owing to a little misunderstanding arlsing out of consular dignity on the one hand and naval official determnination to abide by orders on the other. In the meantime, until this mystery is explained, allow me respectfully to suggest that there are numbers of screw ateamers plying between Alexandria and Liverpool, and that on an occasion like the one I have described it would not be amiss to make use of their services in transmitting news to MIlta, Cagliari, er Marseilles, instead of the pubUc being kept in suspense several days when unavoidable circumstances disturb the regular course of the mail steamers. I feel asured from what I know of the steamship owners of this port that they would villingly render any servicew L their power at the mere extr cost of coa nd ship'si wages caused by the detour, and consignees of cargo are bardly likely to grumble at such a trivial delay as a detour to Cagliari would entaiL Yomr's rPqnetf,+fnl) A PASSEnGE BY THE BEOTI. lAverpool, ;ept. 4. CBYSTAL PALACE.-Oim SmLnG DAY, Friday, Sept 4.-Admissions on pzyrnent, 2,464; ditto, by season. tio eteS 123, Total visitors, 2,5s7,
ElAUT.DNX ad TeAYiNLXs X IwINa.-. x g VIOLE ; r, thie Dane, "1 ig Bc.roely km o e fg:a &d YetIt is but td hior of T halla -l ..Whe we hot lest ost 6 wzeso( the nu oe Ittwabut h Eor.a Wtee SM ESlIO bsMVThisissnot ao. Vstis&W0W%eneIz,ol, Pft* 01 kue aieetion fog troese abBor-a L I, Moe. enes 2arls. Iand o, orgRut&-s tOoe, ln5u DERERIN BY BbS. iBy L BELL.'$WEe,, and hafluntos, ndufhl, fweocstaks yeto heaferd bth Vts,. sweandmodgtheinul aonsd dmel soisrfRt.LSad an t routiedge &adnd1 Cfo, mkakslne D,swLtseta e , pEATHXRED ROV V JT. By F. GTRS- Azrow,' is without a ria i odr UFatr. h bks betme prarieandtheforst re ea wthe freat le ld . moot breoma reat avourte" O edoGeorg e goe and C.oq* BIRS V D . By the HoR. 0. A ebestmann an etan se te mon eu Ingeo In'dianlf. Lo Pdon,Gog tege 1 nd o.,hrtng naas toOu CoJI b the SEA-SHOB lates coloured, p G, rie 3S G bound In cloth, i " ,l.o bA little work la of low price but of high value, and Is Insot the book to boput Into the badnodf perverys (ad tbte. are eaty rgen), wholber ougr Ld.wi,havin e1kYes' have hith(e-rtoT senut thoe nme ob't*c., 'tlch bear within themselTes whole cabinets of wondcm,y-- Gl.be. Loudon, GoneirRoutiedge andCo., r&utngdoo.stysL pAPrAlE BIcAKE- or, M Life. By 2X Psonicse bonein.,n LIDU oft TroUmea, and the chaactrs nhe Itrouc hi ede and the meR- dernts which he doecrtear not ees stikinhand graphic. I The TwoContce~ o ann hic wll ottot Is hldonthe Interest of who- ever cemme it, London, George iRouiedge and Co., Faringdoso. s D~~~~~~rc is u aro Cd., boad_ 7PEMREGRINe B)E.BTHODRE HOOK. FLt altDl Fho doyment and a sood aide-6 ahakila ugAh rop eg e s ettled at east,' Anythngrorel SW eunsic itwould he diag onat o gine. Itc Istlut thme bok for tle e asle tOnrL'A rln*aUjQu UM enansa ramble." London,Grdge ud d Co., Jarrtnglo-r BRITISE BUB Price , boarud,, L INNY LOCKOO. By rs. CROWE. *, tDo,,n rightt v n ithou veheans natural, h itout dulness, we acknowledge in Mrs. Croworte orA and female Defoe.tr n oo. e respect Ir.ronve d c-resent effort; for la boned hare apthsmresf and deep than the heuch ataied a the death-bed lettssO th reettLay leyoteefe I brought out with[aDeirbotendere and ldG ltootie.tr and Ce.. Prlgo-tet LOOD and F or Rqd olet o FOcldtresa Life. 7 6 i Bprtiredt. MAXWELL in thswLkM w,ll baa nut only dosrbdtermac tafr in tetne il, in the minent da d tre och epontlbllltlee of the s r t I s bo ,tteIN the book wil aet tba ertl p rioos frm apmrnt fRv the hoDour oes on, whilstte vra find iv It man gloigpmsthtil road lika rmusereo his own, Lehteqred re"andion. Gererol ede nd 1o, fartngdou-vtreet. oSETTICOAT GO o IN' r. By MrG. TROL1. LOPE. Contains cenes io the familye l ee, t ;a for felisity Ln, ddelity of executbon haTv never bee eqiad ete. not r en.-parstme& t (<ffiaoEvrybody know lr,,. Troll-p' skill w sntl spae lowsd. P0P E: nig rmDiDcrekll odr 1 -a going womn and in the delineatiorn of the heroine of tbis fiction le se to have oonetratsd her fallower. re ttis in al re,pects an ad mrirable creation L-ondon, Geore ontledge and Oo.. Farrlngdoe-rt. rpHE CHELSEVTEAI.B . .LIG & e CIn which the vOf tli reonted witglsious remitls-e.,of o eo n d f tfieldeo fme Tebre are the booka e the iartial suts of DOu peole Pendin iour heroeorth toua ta bold BycostryLwho hae rendered ntri the pso nn.o RoutJledge and Co., FarsLngdeo4tsvctt thERKNu Waract. y M rs. SE 3EsLEY. JL-ToTae leAin eet.zs oe Pe rk. sed truly wontrful carewr ara detailed with tegatpoe.ietra rGUtry conta his 8nemI, his apprance as a claimant for the trone hi earl R, his recepton tor in Scotland Nis marrigwith t2 beautiul d Katheriue Gordon, his landl Ingi 'orDwali.hiIpronntan death. are in this volxme brought ot In fairr f rousledge and Co.. Farrtngdono-treet. Pt. oD, r icen 2.,to. borioes, e APTAIN, B Il:r;mor,boids y Life. By W. H. MxD oAXWELL mleD oneUi tof thne eamcet popta wtber oon 19ot cntu as. rnIee With D t h des cor anit anIma power oafo Charlesee he combins feds thfromlt'cer and humou of over;its his India, S, St. PAlito s D axrries is. a d 9. Ve stree INDA. y J ILSTOQUEER.WB t MAX Ini. lonDe.rpton Tof th Hrinipa Is wn. Cacut,dara anGo e aragdnerRe Retg.ndC. 'rrnd"r RAILWAY LIBolA .- w Voose-riofs,b'arW VCOMPTEAd.BLAKE;Lor, MyLie By A.DMAX- AlokaypubliL'he Lieo ndy nlcwod.ByW.Rs. Crxwen L IL d Vioeatheor.ted Aarrow The. ErFd.xr.2 Peegin B.ones.iBy VToomas eo de . Brgd.n meiaey hn ____ ondonGeorgleeRonutedge and Ce., F.rrlngdon.styeot, BELENG fi car vor.s , tof 4opues an ICModE df BaiGELIt, DogyB anod d Ovr FIblDt. awl Fe, athered Boas,thng. Bye . eee srgr.2s Dxnemesnot Wof,s Ore Iume BoIL e. rVolnga. " o mpLetngVostdoBueon,meiajTh9inkerer" nd"I Twsenty eArsn trd adapasn o h l I.. ondn lo Rout ledg and Oo. . ~vtgo.tet bau lEyoos.Gd,hlf one26d. nipFriesnthPoeor ohypracia P nformaio onte u AueetoFGreath Britain. adi Llutae wihnWe.u n wil er dd ecrtibe deadlls Protedu-boe.n k eal, on dW,heoge totakderand Co. FArelngsionecrst. NlERVOUSis N EWG,DUTE Can S pl' LBeg Sinnrits,Ow FrengchtBook Ge s.l FrWr Ciaenc heGrammar of. 30YGd, ra R0Wpertoirec deso.Prtesainathor.B. d n ieeoWModSl Ande ildel ranu ls SozAei[n rofrl Just plbis edlt ediionipbeo a d, of foWarm DlIPmate.Teresult fofm0Yas rciey0 JfBY a GAROET, M.D.. Sc. Also, bylthe rome uthor a-ry J.hureill London. JohnCucil JuTn pb ishdopie is, &; pe 13 d. VIEWS AM of thECAUY S o' te]FbHSd of rthbe WIURIE,sirfo publiRcHspeaig cIIoldT EXRCTIByO,NB By DONALDSON MACK&NZIE, Dentist, inventor ofanoewdascrirntinon oaatiticial teeth. 21 a, SavlWrow. Churchill. Mr. VERR&L on lthbedBIN,-Oheiin ee d,b ot2. I.ATERAL CURVATURE of the SPiNE- viith p ..L.d ew ethd o TratentforSecrin it Efec ualRmuova wihotth ecsit f ustnlylin Iow. by R B Nowdral imines nd azette, The aouthor hseidently seen Ivy os reotk Aow"Atenwuf Bmpdiine o ands Cor.. . rioner4s.hJ&m.couht. JJs t published,1t dto,B ,bud. r p ric Go .fe by poet, 0TMCEO PATHYC DOMESIALCMEDPIAINTS. Is prescribed w itout fthe dirTreteone o to sel2ctIon, an Athe ex an md iselnaes Ah mebiciecetfrti work, prIoc2~ ~e eat,5 L Os. Jamorcheard.5 ant.9 Veni hrchyae' Ofrd, n-9st r-tre, xor.t New oitio. enlrged Mine bond, rice i.freby po st, ITOMCEO~~~~%1 TPofINTIFSLI. lat Diectonsforther Teannon wih ~Medel~, Aeas Just publiahed. pi. post fr T OM(EOPATRIC TREATRINT of SYPHILI- H TIC and URINARY DISE&SES. Compiledtfomthe orWt the seost eminent English, Wrench. and German autboms By J. PH, BXBJl:Al. JamJa . )tS, 6. eS. Paul's churchyard, Now odition (the Fourth).-JUt published, price Ia., free by pest. Is. 44., N TRUE and FALSE SPERMATORRHC(EA w nih a view to the Corctuon of Wide-sproad Erron in Relation to Its Nature Con uences, and Treatment, TransIted froso.. the German) of Dr. PLkfor.d, To which Is addsl an Essay osL Nervous Debility,bytbeREditor. "The editor bAs o oed aegreat boo by translating this book. The differenco between true Spenaatorrhrcea an4 the various forms of disao which reemble It r accurately described. md tbhu a Eate srnde In offered for tho treatment of the maWadr.-Medlcl Circular. 1.L BB hdreo. 1 1 . R Le en%-9reet. Poarth odition, price 6d., (nN SPERMATORR(BX By J. L. MILTON, RBeprinted from the orinal Pars in tbe Laucet. " We do not think the suitrci oould here been bandied ina m rore unoxooptlonablo anner"-.Medaj Circular. London GQ PhilIp and Son, 32, Mloot. atd LONGEVITY, &c. By E MILES anl. 80S. rBeen-Dentis With Br sras no the Proper Ooutrn lion of B&ta of Teeth, lirporiatue of Pure lAatesias in the Mouth, ltx pisnastlonasa to their Cot. Relative Dublilts - Wrd end O, W. and P. a GaOrb: and of the Auitor, t5, Llv ep olst., Hibopea S e. Juit pubiLshed, price 2s. G. lN the LOSS of TERET I, and is Restored by0 the Yew Patent Syntern of Self. h4healon, without Springs. Wlreea orr Ligature-. Ifly TROMAiS HOWAR.D, Surgeon-Devtiat, The in.- vention tI of Importasoe to many persons, and thore interested in ib should reset this treatise. Sent fre by post by the author, 17, George. street, Htnsver-pesiurs Just nebibbed. l d.oe hr 6 po b s oi 32 stamps, A NEI METE L of FiXING ARTIRICIAr,. MAURICE,,Su8=onDeutist. Piper. Btepheocn,tand Spence. attr., uoeter.row; n or the Author. 306. Beco-.t.treet, Laugbans.placn Third editiot, 8vo., 450 pp., Za. Gd., b7 Is 2Is,10., rHEE WATER CURE, its Princplre. and Practioec J. a Golds in the Prescervation of. Hea;lth and Cure of Chmrjo.lo Disas, Wthflistuile aer, y JMB WILSON, M.D. "We~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~p hoetyJemedti ok-atutotygie h meia ecigi on,edtebokaonsi aubeIelcl hits nde.dgeto beD.)xaie,'&eazal vx e
Shropehlre.-The Purslow HaIll Eatte, t6&about fivemiles from this Craven Arms Mtilton 003 the Shrewsbur' anid Hereford Railway, and elgn.t from Bishop's Castle, cO!Lmprising an ancient Residence, extonaiye Offices and Farm Premises uumerciu, Enclosuires of principally geaedow Lan3d,abuttine on the river ('Itnn largleWood.Plantations Conta6wes &c,, the whole containing 600 ames . and pr9ducing a rental of about £1100 per annum. ESR.FAREBROTHEM, CLARK, and LYE IVSto.inform the public that the above ESTATE wae NOT bOLD a the Aucttrn, at Camaway's, and may now he8 treated fo, 1'y t riva-te c0ntract.-lanmaster.place. lIn Chancerv.-" Eltic v. Goodson " anL " Hoar v. Little," Carnot.' 1Pill Estate, Berk.hire....Capita1 Mansion m,d a memeon of 60 acre-, dOtuate at lfrawsek, only a mile and a half irom the town and rail. way station of Malasenbead. iiESjSRS. FAREBR OTHER, C-LARK, and LYE wi ll 'LLLhy AUJCTION at OarrawaY'$, or, WeIdne'sday', Ceobtr 2l, antl2J. in ,lw's I puyrsuant to an (rder of the High COQrt of Char cery, miade in tLe canoe of1 Elilce v' Goodsoos" and " Hoare V. Little.' with the apl'rot'ut,on of the judge 1o whise, Couirt the said caine is a1matched, the CAf4NON.IIILL ESTATE. situate at Bray. wide,T lneair the village and clhurch, of Bray. on the Berkshire slde of te hamts, only l.t ulleifrom the town and station of Maidenhead,I Co'n4rising a capital mansio.n, platced ou an eminence comimanding tine most uninsterruptedc view Of l%i Idoor Oastfe,Eatou College,and tihe ridsh utoiacent cuountry. and coot3ir,s nuinwou principal and secondary bad ehuarser, n'nr,errlr. tillitara roses. spacouos lotty drawving roomt, Dad gocd aiigci"i reaklasit roomi. ettudy, anid a cotmplete suite of domertic , licee. externives stabling. coach-honoes and farm IraoiEes. capirt,ll walled gtarden, melon ground, a mrange of hot.. toues, peart-hbole. aud vinery; beautiful lavwns and diower ar,s. onsro plv,lrai g-ondis emliellishted with choice shrubs, m taeled t,rrace ro.d turf wall a, ornamiental sheat of water, and akbout 60 saccee oft r.rtliko id otuddide with timober of large growth, avenue, and hellts 01 plantation Iine toccupation of Edwaid R. Palmer, Esq, at ;tlse pvc arnnu. Alto thnrp,s surerior Cottages, with large gardees, poessemling go, i frontages to the road fromo Braf-wick to the chlurch, let 1.' reopectabl.e tenant,', at low rents. The whole Is freehold, except a el,aa portion which is suithold. eubject to a harlot ankd a trdiOlg quit riot. The vr.r,s.rty may be ,Iew,ed hy tickets only, on Tueidays and Thured.. o, belt,e eu the homes ef 11 and 3, whi,,h, with liartionlare n ats be had( ,.~ vilnces of TMersr. Famebrrither. Clark. and Lye, 8, LAu'. rsr-lc.Steen i ; particulars alsoimay be had aLt the several tones in the neRlcbl-unrl,od : C Chi,rleei P. rom, E.i1., solicitor, 35~ 1lAn ci.W&ovu-ipnJi'o ;of C. Bs. Dryden, PRsq., rolleitor, if, Lincoons-fonfilvds aTid at tilra,,awy's. The volissbeb Advowoon of Camberwell, Surrey. 7~ESSR8S. FAR~E,BROTRH1E, OLA-JEIi, and LYE Ahave beco directed by the Trusteea unider the Will of the lace Johna Lisg. Esiq.. to otter for SALE, at Garcway's Coffee. house. on NN tednerday, the 21st of October, at 12 o'clock, luin. hiep ant acceptaeble ot1er is mAde by private con3tractJ the very valuable ADIVt)WiitN anl RItGhIT of PRIEBENTAT'ION sunbject to the liferOf the Incumobent. now aged 03, of and to theV 1CaiAGEoI CAM. BERmV E.LL n otether with the eecentlycsrected vicerage-house ethidirng In its wuw groemuds, opposite the church, and Ie approachedi dross the Iwn by a porch entranc, Opening to a spacious hail paved 'with st-one, good reception rooms, dining room and a library, numnerous bed cabnobere And rervatss' roome. gcod domestic offices; lawn and pleasuire grounds,, with carriage drive and entrance yatys Thae vicraial tIthes hb.re lieu rotomuuted for a rent-cbarwe of X£1,00 per annum, out of . hich there is a rent-oharce of £411 Os. Cld. granted to St. Paules, eierne-bill. 'Its'ground (rtensarising from the glebe land, upon which evrlcptal rerifences Pave beers erected, formninc a pat of NorthOgrc.irli.g.rrw, asd Bruinowlck.eiiuare, divldes,da on moreye in the fundl, nEurplice fees. inc., make no a groes income of £2,337 Os. 8I. per esnem,. as soil, we :-Vicerage-~house and premisere, garden, inc.. of the asnusial value of £150; rent-chtarge to lieu ot tithes, lible to vary wvith the ave rag. price of corn, and with the quantity of raarket gardon groun,i f to~ theyribh. per annum £1,100: grounid rent arissng fro glebe lard, uln. whlich are the capital zeoldencees Nos' 2,2 3 4 anid Noo.? 7no 14 irei-i'eve.-North-terrace, lea~ed at per annuma X2I6;'gr'cnmd rent of No.,,,Ne'rth.ternace,lekesd at per annium LIll2e.d.; groxidarent of No. 6. Noerth-t,rrace, lea;ed to the lain Mr. Fesoer at per annum s2Its.: ss.i,s retiossgn 5sneptore nfot oftheb d calld Stirl if-place, ltt to Mir, htirliog at £1I20 txrr annu. grun r*-nt for lau,:diu the back of Nortb-tprnace, and forming part of Bruns. wick-iiiutae, let to Silr. Huidso-n At £117 ; annual tasment by the Sur. rey t anal Cotup 'my, £20; estimated annual amnount of sarplice fees, irc:imi6gii,iisn1*reut fees from the Camiberweoll Bsurial Moard, about 44C0:; iots ritt on dtcli standing in the name of the Accountant-Gne. ral of tl,, Coiirt of Ch,anger?, £4 Os. 3d.: Eaoter offesinge, estimated at £110O ter sm ; a £713.T Excheg1er Bill land. aso £127 W., 7d. caishl staodiog l's the cr,dit of the pureh oer or purchaeoes of the glebe land, in the hand,, of ti'e Acuonntant-Ornersi of the Court of Chancery, I, r the turi 0,,0 of purchasing freehold land and hereditamente in the larishi ',t Catiborwell, prouctuing the annual Income of about £31;, The Bia;hessi Cemietery pays to the Vicar la, 6d. per head, for cousmou iiarS5riesta, and Os. lor fanrily vault ; and theNorwood Coe.e tery pays l2b. f.r family vaults, and se. per head for coymmon Inte-6 mrenla, whivh average annually About £00. Tote] £2,337 Ors. Oct.- Ovcig.A rent chakrge in lieu or tithes, liable to vary according to the Average I-rice of corn, granted to St. Paul's, Berme hill, of per atnunm, £4b ye, Ed. estimated amosrnt of poor and highway raner, pr'rrcrty tax on tithes, &r., about £165fi; teeths; £3 Os, Oct. Total £213. Note. The Trustees of Queen Ann's Bounty advanced X2,1h00. rowards the erection of the new Parsonage-hoosie I£l1,6O of lwhich nowres;ains Otnel the repayment of which eum isea charge on tile incoime. iintil discharged, and Is payable with Interest by annual papmcutei of aboest £130, lessening in S mount every year. The land-tax is redeemed, Particidare may be had 21 daye prior to the sale, at the Angel, Oxford : Black Bull Cambridge; Meagre Boaerdillons and Gun. nin, 3, GeatWicheteratretcity ; at Garrway's ; and at the offies f Mae.iarmebrother, 6arx, anna Lye, 6, Lanicaster.place, Btrasid, London. South Devon, neat to Klngebridge.-The beautiful Estate, known as Huckland Tout Satets.with its Mansion.Park,Plesauefirounds. Plan. tatious, and Trout Stream. The Manora of Buckland, Tout Salute, and Coveton), axnd the idaltiton and Knighton Estates, comprisng several Fartas thes VIllage of Goveton, Cottages Accommodation Land, mapitacl 111,I, and valuable Slate Quamrire. the whole contain. lag an Area of about 1,120 Acres. and Droducing a groe rental and value 01 abeunt £1,620 per annum. A ES8RIS. BAREJIROTHER, CLARK, and LYE 1-Iare Instructed to I11ILL. at Garraway's Coffeehouse, on 'Wedneeday. Ih" 2 let of OcoWber. At 12 o'clock, the following hlghiy Important FRREEWLI), except as to a very small portion, which IsLeaseh)ld. for lonig terms, And principally great tithe free estatesaud masnors, slieti,t about 21 mailes from RingsbridIge, nine from Dart. mount,. 20 frr,m riyumntli, and oulynino from the Hingsbridge.road and Totneese Sitations ors the Souith Devon Railwtay, viz,, the Manor of Brickiand 'Joist Sa:nt,wielh caplt.1 mansion, cbserfully placed neatr the Furunnit of ithe hill, overbookin the park and the beautifiul estuary of Riogsbridge. ext.ending to Bolt 0lead and Salcombe, apDproached fram the high road i.y . corrlsge drive through the estate, and beautifully umndlated parkhlike grunods, with two neat lodge entrances The maansion contains entrance and inner balls, noble drawing aind dialog rooms. illirai,y, tinstico ruose., billiard room, mnorning room, s.c., spacious oak staircase, with dome light corridor leading to naumerous principal end secndary bed chambers, ample domes. tic elilccs toed cellarage, and abundant supply of water. At a convenient distance from the mansion, icireened off by plantations, are extensive stabiling, coach.houoees, dog kennels. and payed yards with farm premisres. two walled kitchen gardens. facing the south, well stool ed with fruit treeo, large grapery, outer garden, two orcharda, park studded w-ith trees of large geowtib several grarelled and terrace walks leading throegh ornamental shrubberies and plantations to the church, which forms a very picturesque object on the eotate and built by a formier ownier: numerous woods and plantations sca?Aterd over the property. Riving the variouts hills on the estate a beautiful appearance, anid attoreing great opportunity for rearing genoa ; woodoookel akbound In the seasuan: several farmis and enclosures ot Allotment land; extensive slain quarries, the beds of gret width and extendingt for n3early a mile through the estate, affording an allsnited suPplyr of the beet materials easily 1brought into the 'market, being oats a short vemove from the Klngebridge Estuary, whIoh in navigable nearly up to the, estate, And to which a tramway might be lad ownw, having the advantage of water-careiage to the seatort towns on the coast. The quarries are nosy working to a depth of 303 feet, though not fully developed: the slates as soon as raised find a ready awea remunerative p'rices. The Manor of Goveton. in the Daniob of CJharietou. with all Its rights, pilvileges. fines herliote sc. together with the capital dairy and ttcock farme.it, wn as Kermaw;adstovbton. WakellarnaandotherswltIt substantial storie-butit fairm-houses And all n3ecesoary agrlculturalbumldIncoIn good repair, the entire 7idage of Goveton,princlpally let at gsmal head rents subjecCt to lives Many Of whom are adeanced, and on the fail wherEof ia much Imoprove-d rental will he reelized, with lines for renewale,,heriots. inc. The Knighton Estte, In the parish of Bucklanud Tout Ssinta sud East Allington, with good farm residenice, and vry spacious out-bisildlngs, good grarden And orchards, plantations, sad produotire land,with large encirusesres,ThoNalatonEstate,la the parisof fiherford, comprising the Malt.on Buttons Farsis with subetantlal farmreat. deuce, part newly built.thi remainder gorcalng a portilon of an anciont ireligieus houo,' dating had'- to the 14th sentury, withL the cbapes buallsandother interezating 2oettonvot the bisidinge, entire and to Wnlc there Is attached manybilntorical ausoclatlons, very exteniive ranges of feeding sheds, open ahe4s for cattle, barns, and stabling, with teeod garden and orchardimig, and Rundry dclee of land, highly farmed, some of the best stock In the coutyt having boon rearedi on these lands. LowLrMa,Etou Fasrn,wtth facm-ouse and offices.gardenuandorchard; a capital mili, drirlag three pair of stones reces.tly erected by the late ,proprietor, r-g,ardl.'saof expense,wt zornamenitalresidence adjolin lg, good otabling. cotach-horse, ofudnv ooadn.mnr otgs and plots of accommodation aLnd wood land. A Leasehiold Ette Adjoining the sreceding. in the pa-rish oftfiherford, conisisiting otffarm premses,an aout 5 acre of land, let to inIr. Adorms, and held from the feoffees of K.t2aingtbride trust on two young lives at a nominal rent. Tao whole estates comprise an area of about 1.120 acres, and pruduce a rental (the tenants paying land-tax and tithes), Including the value of the mansion and woods In hand, of about £1,600 per annum, The estate arei beautifully situate ; the approach from Kingasbridge by the new turnpike road on the banks of the estuary to tire entrasee twins is very pictures us, tho viewshrorn all p arts are impoin,etnditig on th land NOr ~ over the Dartmoor.hijlla and next th ea hich Is only ilvo minles distant, to an almost unlimited extent on each ride of Blolt Head son the coast, All the bisildinRearen suhElian. tSal. the lands are naturally dry and very productive ; the meadows in the numerous valleys on the esWtat are well watered, most of them hatving atresmns.which h avebeen turned to advantage for isrrgatlon.Tbeire Is capital trouit fishinig on the property, Ini the mill streamsa and poud% for stoesB: there is an association for fishing In the neiahbourhood, also In the celebrated fresh water lake called fliapton Lea, near Start Bay; therwe are eets of fox hounds and harriers, which hunt the disteict. Thne property in close to Tallapit, Horseevell Shads, Stokeleigh, Black. ainton. And other reats, Partisuisse, with plane, masy beha on the estte f te gmekepe, Wllim Pnimy,who wil shor~ the propery; f Toma Bans,Esq, edcler,Higobridge; at the King' The Tottenhama-woedFestate, situate between M.uswell-hlll and Wood- green, with capital Residlence, extensive Farm Premnises,and about, 000 acres of beautifully undulated Park-like Meadow L-and, the whole admirablys adapted for the erection of first-clas villas being within bcfa m5 of the Horurey Btal'ion and 30 rminutee'of London. ESSRS. FAREBROTi]ER, CLARK, and LYE MLl are instructed by the Representatives of the late Thos. Rhodes, Req.. to SELL by AUCOTION, at i4arraway's Coffeehouse, in October, Innumierous lotsg,amoetdesirable FREEEHOLD PROPERTY, land-tax redeemel siutiate betweenx Munwell-Ihill, In the paris of Clerkenwell, and Wood-green, in thle parish of Tottenham, bodadedon one side by the main road. and on the othier by the Groat Northern Raliway and the New River, only half-a-mile from the Hornsey Station ; comprisin acapital brit--bmilt rietdnco, contairntog numerous principal an eecudsry bed chambers entrance hall, Approached byy flight of steps, through a stone portico, innier hail, lofty drawing room 24 feat 3 inches by I1, leet. well proportioned dinine room, library, housekeeper's room, andI complete domestic offices ; extensive range of farm buildings, in subetantial repair, well-house with engine pump enclosed carr ag yard, with ba:liff'e cottage, pleAsuro grounds and lawn studded wt cedar and Othier timrber. floweringesbrube. osnamental sumps and ser. ntine sheet, ot swater ; two walled kitbehen gardens, melon grounds. ~~he enclmsures of meadow arid park-like land beautifully undulated, poses charm ingvIews over tiso surrounding p-ctconory,ex temudlug in the esAcce oni one side Over tho etr1po and ou ehuthter into=Ese. ver the F'orest. The whole contains about MO0 acres, of which teridence, anid about 70 acres, adjoining, will form one lot ; the remainder wesi be divided Into plots, ayn from 3 to 15 acres, for the erection of villas, each having e=xtesve frontagee to the proposed roads, which will be lad out with reference to the ,disposition of the grounds and the views therefrom, care beingR taKen ItoPreerve,eall thle ornamental timber. That pDart of the pro. goe t, nextno allwnnI-oo sImdaeyinfoto e.a -ot neoxt the Mou3well-CIlI roa.d Lsimme~diatejlY i`froh`t' o-f s'ver-1 nand(omervtilal, and contains the cealebrated MuawoU and other springs, wbich supply the residence and ohEces with the purest water, and mithteassly ie Conveyed to all the lone, the springs being on the ieest Doint of the property There is abundance of gravel which wil be valuable for forming the ffveral roads. Many of the encloesres contan good brick earth; there is every faclity for drainage. Toe proporty extends over a bealutitul valley, With stream of Water, and the elevated lands afford the most beuttiful sttes for ridences, without itn soy way interfering ivith the lovely views ot hil scenery embraced from each lot. The locality is remarkably healthy, and theo neih. Ihourt ood relent, abutting on several gentlemen's; seats, together wsth Church lands riot likely to be built upo. The Great Northern Rail. way passes through a outting on the Wofdfgleen side of the estate, and is croed by a good private bridge. vithe various loti easy accres to tine Hrassy Stalls,n AU thte prIopeurmwlbei , aneion with the present traedrive tibrough the rotadsewhihwilcobe ,sIdened to the axtent of 00 feet. and the lodges, wit the lnti be adjoining. with other Orunamenital feataues ona the estate, will be lprerervmd, Particular, with planos showing the frontages and aereago of i'.chmoreterrate, bel ilngtoe-1 andXthe pty may Peivieed by denceh, let ma rents amout thig to Mss rer annumb 3C dESSRS. FAPsEBROTHERrand, wih13riu and oLYE weatreay ru lod tof 8LL by s a aTION, at Garrinn yInto in Oetober nest, TaWELVf E Ba nveniens and plecantl,asitu6te prl vatoREBIDEYNCEfijustouitofthe bighro3aherected omeyearsain s9 beirg -Noa. I to 12. in PlEiinore-trraiecellensingtan. ehe reitdences are of unifrm elevation. stuconea, and bave gardeDus b eth in troat sud rear ; they are in tbe occup,ation of bighly reapemuble tevanE at rent d a lrounting to 23 per r annum .next ed tert of 82 years. at a ground rent. May be vievved by teiion of the tenants, r-nd particillusa had oi Jn3o. PandaU, l!>q, lo Kwi.stj henchvva k, Tennple ; of Messrs, CIarke and M>orloa. tolUcitors 29. C'olematxmreet, ci:y : at GarraR ar's - aLd at the oftEoes of hlesa Ft;rebrother, Cl1ark. and Lye. LancastGjpfae , -trand. W.O, Valuable Freehold Resddeuce, Bnckingham-gate. close to the P$lsjd end overlooking St. J3mese-psrk : let to a frt-cl3s tenant. MESSRS. FAREBROTE1R CLARK, and LYE are instructed to SELL bat 0ACrraway', inOcober.aa ra,be FREBO OLD ZSTAT, coTEnrisirWg en exaeUent eaok-bullt real. vaen RInoDt deCSghtf,jsf mitufte hoi 21, James-street, yucrtinges,bate, overio1ng 12. ib Plinrs-psri, and losRe to Beeknb Thec Pales it oontairs fmve bed sbambeid, a drinat rood, enegnt drowing noom, with French indot oDeningc to bilcony, aP back drabeing reomn. und a emll third roam. libraty, dtp3mg room, the npceasary domestic refnee, and t gtodeD £ the .-earn; et OnD leae at foI per anunex p ir teaquenofoft a tg oud bySthe ayeree. MIay b p viewri ioy lene of the tenants, and particuminsa had of JoaO. Rndall, Req. 10,. Kigs-becit.r 2alk. Temple; of Mesera, olarke and oes, itors, 29. Bolt ani - Bstetci-butidi:at (arawy"' i-n d at Gtr wayss o and st tsr.Arbit o laNI rk. and Ly, Ianaeeepk, gu trendL. W.C.% k*4 Herefordshire -The Lynch Couyt and l3earwood Entata%, In the parishea of EardiBland and 1ensbiidge, about six miles from Leemineter. with the Reeidence and Farms. containing together about Od- acres of ebiedly rIch irrigated pasture land; asho several CODttaEse antd accommodationi Landi in she villge, the wbole let at xeitM amonntllg to £1,050 per annum. IM ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, andl LYE LIare Inetreeted to PREPARE tee sbave ESTAT'ES for S&LE In a short time, unles an acceptable offer should be made by private co.tract. Further Informatioa may be hAd at their offices in Laoeaster-place. Very desirable Church Prfren,tei"n it `aged 76,-The next Preentation of the Rectory of Woodham Walterts. situate, bet,,aa Chelmofoed and Maldon ; with capital Reesidence, Gardens, Globe and Tithes, making the gos Wusn Income nearly £700. ' ESSRS. FAR-E 36OTBER, CLARK, and LYE T ai.are Instructed to SEL I. at Oserawas's, In the month of October next, the NEXT PREI 3BTATIO7t; subject to the lifo ot the rso lIncumbent, aged 7.5 yearn, to the Rectory of Woodham 'Walter's, situate seven miles from Cholniisford, five from Witharm, three from Maldort, and twvo from Danbury, the Palace of the Bishop of Rochester, 'with caliltel para.nage-houoe erected In the tylb of an Italian vllla. pleasantly eitusate on a lawn, with partero of flowers, containing six principal bed chambers, two sereante' roons,. entrance-hall, drawing room, dining room, library, good servants! oililces, wtith coach-boooe, Etabling for these horses, beautiful gardens. lawni, Plantations, mnd paddock, together w6ith about 45 acres of globe land, 16 acres of which Is Immediately round the honse. The tithe; have boon commuted at the eum of £906. which, with the residence and gleob land, produces the grese annual Income of £700. The neighboeirhood is very select, the population of the parish about r40. Particulars way be had at the Inn at Mfaldonn Griffn, Danbury; Black Boy, Cbelmneford: Sltread Eagle. Ingate,tone: White Hart, Romford: the Angel and Star Innis Oxford : the Boll, Cambridge, John Clarke, Beq., Sessions-house. Old Bailey: at Gacraay's ; andUa the offices of Messrs. Farebrotber, Clark. and Lye. 6. Lancaster;-place. Strand. Hetodhre.-A small Freehold Rlate compisn a Residence, with Lawn, Gardens, and Pleasure (irou ds, Padock and MeajIoir Land, together 22 acres, Bi'uate at l0srham.wood, about one mile from Ristnee. mid five from Buehey and Watford. ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE iii ace instrurted to SELL. at Garrawaip's, in October. by dIrection of Trustees, a eainal bnt desirble FRBEEHOLD ESTATE, situate in a, beautiful part of the couttory, about one mile from the village of Elstree ; comnprising a residence, known as Manor-boune. 331ricamweed, containinig drawing, dining, and m,orning rooms. 12 principal and recoudary bed bnd dse.tiDg rooms, and suitable domestic office. os)ach-haucee, Btabling for six burner, small farma yard, and outboildInge. gardeners' cottager, with gavdene. surrounded by lawn, pleasare grounds, and paddock, together about six acrea, belted with plantslions and timber of mature grow'h, prrincially within a park feace, and bounded by the high road leading to Sheoloy-hill and Rlertford immediately contiguous and fronting the reoldence are, 16 acres of excellent meadow lend, in one field, surrounded by a good fence and fine elma and oak teens. Po.esesion of the whole can be hsd. To be slowedby ads, t be ad of M[eesrs. Farebrotber, Clark. and Lye. 6, Lanastr-pace nfwhm prtiulae ad pan may be hod; also of lIreehold k'eoperty.-Mile-ens.es,ad sod Uld GrTavl-laxee, M SR.FAREBROTBER, CLARK, and LYE, U SZ.at Garmwal,'s In October. ONE-FOURTH1 PARtT or SHARE In the following PIZ'ltEHiOL'D PROPERTY, vgizn: Five Houses and PromIcsw, No.. I to S. Asrembhly place, AMileend-road, let to resesectsble tenants at route amounting to aElO6 prr annum: also Five Houses and Sbops. Old Gravel-lane. pro. durig 699persannum;and16 House,s,Noe. 1 to 160, Coppin's-comt, old Gravel-lane. in the rear of the above, let at rents amountintI to £205 per annum ; the whole producinig a groos leutal of abontX410 pe atnnum. May be viewed by leave of the tenants, and particulars had of Ambrose Cters,t%eq, soicitor. 6 Sire-lane Encklersbury; at Ganraway's', and atMsr. Farebrother, Claric and Lye's offices. lencatatr-pface. Strand. MESSRS.GE and CAMER0ON will SELL by AUIIN, on the Promises, near the Gate house. Highgate, on late Mrs. iZipton, the genuine HO1ItRE11OLD FURINITUR.E plate. linen, eight-nay clock, live and dead farming stock, twro ricke of capitalmeaow ay cotaiing70loas, rowogcrops of mangold wturzel andturips hep o maure what nd o straw, and numerous othe efect. Th funitre my b viwedon the morning of saile. andthehay &c. b aplyig a th f~n,between the Wocdinzn Tavrn,Arcwa-rod. nd aseel-usli huch.Catlogesmay be Mesrs.Pag an Caern, andagets ndoureros, 4, ldBroad- MESS.S. AGBan AERON have received lnetuctons o BLf, y Tt)' . a bbeSunHoteL, Hitchin, nou Thureay, id tember. 17, at 2 for 3 the de. irable FREBEHOLD FAMILY RE8IN)EN of the late Miss Hinde, very eligibly situate in Bancroft. the centre and most preferable part of the town of HigobitLn with froni entrance gateway, large yard stabling, coachouss, and other ont-buildings. extensitve and prodtsctrve fruit antd vegetable frrdenwauUdluedi tastefully arranged, and well.stocked with choic-e ruit trees. The promises pcsezse a valuable frontage of 48 feet 6 to the street. and are abundantly stupplied with excellent water. The land-tax is redeemed, and Immediate poenossion may be had May, be vlowed by applying to the auctionerer, and particuflarst and conditioha of sale had at the Sun Hotel. Hitchin ; of Mensers. Preehbdeld, solicitors, No. r, New Bank.buildlnge - ad of Messrs. Parze a-nd Cameron, laud agents and surveyors, 64, O~ BroAd-street. and St Albin', liedlordahse,-VeydsrbeFehl n ih-reEtt,i e priabeis of Shllgo Sedn n H IwL and close to the i ulow saion, on th ocae n ichin Rlailway. ffE NSS. AEanCA RON are favoured with Instructon toSL Ob TION, at the Sun Hotel, Hitcbin, on Thursday fate or 17 t2re o'clock the LOWER STONDON FARM,cossigoacmfrbl house, with convanleat homestead, and abot 10arsfveypouctive arable and pasture land, in the occupato 1MrFacsDvS, Yearly tenant, at the moderate rental of 20peanu.Te atove estate is eligibly situate, abutting ontetrpk odbtenHthuadBdod ffeur mniles from tbn andteefo Sefrdanposss valuable frontage foe building. Picursad cn teso aewt ltthogruphed planu annexed.mabehd1 da ortthsleo esrs.Prrer Ouvsry, and Panr oilors, 6.~nonsInfe~g at the Sun Hotel, and Paterotrspitng Ofc,Hthn n ; Messrs. Page and Caraeron, adaeneandsuvyr,6,OdBastreet. and St. Alban'o. In Chancery.-' Phillip .Clee.-ot eo,TeCieo. hilTw Enae, nearTiet. IESSRS. PAG andI CAMERON are directed to .LJSELLbyA'UOTIO-, at theMart, Lo,ndon, on Friday, Sept.18, at 12 foerl,in onelot (Prsrsuant to anorseerof the Vice-Chancellor Staari), a valuable FRESHOLD PROPERTY, with porseseon, known as the Colleton-bIll Town E'tate, In the pariah of Witherlidge, North Devorn, consisting of about 270 acres of excellent meadow, pasture, and eamble an,and about 130 acro of other land full of tbrivieg larch, fir. OaM. ash, Olho, and other timber, fn.om 20 to 10 Yeas' growth, lald out In detached p1as-tations over various parts of Othe estate, The wbo'e lying In a, ning fence, with two go SI publis roads internecttng it near the oentre. In * sheltered anctdelightful spot etanda an unfinished but mosts bsbeuatiallY.built manelen, erected by the late Sir James Roupoll Colleten with stone found on the eatate. The tithes are commnuted. at the low annual payment of £e11 ls. 4d., and the landtax is only;£4 14B. annually. The Property lese In a fine sporting country,an close to it the Tiverton hounds have a favourite meet. It is dIntn fromn Tlvertoo about eIght miles, to miles from South Molten, eIght miles from Chwumleigh. on the Worth Devon Hallway, and aboutt 18 miles from Exeter. May be viewed by applying to Nedard on.ther biif,o e eate,o wo par~ticlars and' con.. beha tA tEas icpa nsat Tivertoembeut Molten, Cho'lock ingon ClpHam Hoqd2.gresi Pst rte,Anvsree London; ando vaeuabl. iLPagradopert.on, ltod aigentsad tosurveyrs,a, Oimldg froaduetrat Doel,eh sO co retamn,i on5 Fr.Iday, wepte ambger1,an 'cok in fourn lots. aZ2. Tl a oto 1a.2. adjoinitng,the whole occu-ied by MrWm, Wigg, a bghgrepoia o ssdrepocshble yearlyten)ant of 40ye=ars tandig aklao two small Drnpectieeof Ila, 2w. 22n. and ISa. Ir. INp, IaRhipdhtam. and-Esat erdchaft.,on tbe road toilabam, of whinh rdilJohn Hale has beenir th ocper frebin yar to year also for 40 yecars The,estates are well situate In. one of the beat parts of the county, and offeir advantage for investment en a moderate scale, or for profitable ocnpa' tion not of ten to be maet with. They may be viewed hy application to the teanls,and prtignare wth plns obaied at th e place, of sale' Forwrd.solIitos, Card Soerse; a theMar, Lodon ofE. P. Seaey,Req, nlitto, 2. ?borga,e-tret,andof erne,Cobb, LIIe Iteestin£2,11 Ie Id Cnsoe, it Pol fl ofinsuraceand Hena-B Mesrs COB, t te Mrt,onWednesday, September FPHE ife nterst i theIncoe arising from tbe j. piorpatsumof 2,31 ly. I. TreeperCent, Console, Payable Crawley, Sussex, on the borders of Surrey, within a short distance ofa flist-claes railway statiLon, 30 miles from L-ondon, and 20 from B2ighten ,-Hy Messs.m. S B. at the Mart, London, on Wednesday, Sept. 16, at 12 munless presiously disposedl of by Private contract), TPIFITY-SIX Acres of well-timbered park-lik-e Land, 1L. offering as fino a situation as can well be found for a residence, In a ve healthy country, commanding extensive riews, with picturesque undulating grounds, stored with thriving oak, beech, fir, and other forest trees. A. scream of water fiows through the lower port of the property, aud It has the advantsge of stone, sand. and brick earth forbuDing Itis sprtig cunty,anda ek of foxhonuds are kep inthepuish ImedItepoeesson -an be ad. Particalars withplas. ay e otaind o Mr Ocendn, at the George Inn, Crawey, ho wil apoit a erso to howthe esftate; at the princi. palhotls t Hsenon,Horham andReiat;at the Mart of MecnsH anG, akeandKedal, slictor, 1, Lincoln's-inn: and of Mser. Cob, urvyorsandlan agets,18,Linco-in's.inn.dulds Middlesex two miles from St%fInae, about rmidway between Windsc, and Hamptor.-oDurt.-By Means. COBB, at the Marl, Landon, on Wednesday, September 1e at 12 in reven lots, ATERY valuaible i~esi&'nces, Buildln'f Sites, and 'I' Occution Lands,96I the Parishes of Ashfor and Stanweil, a healthy anu favourite noighbourhood, very eany of access fromn Londo being near the Station on the Windsor HAllway and within 16 asiles 0-l Loudon oomprising Rocaleford-hl a el-bulit mansion, en a moderate sale In Ohs villiag of Aahfrd near thechurch,with17 acresof garden, pleasure groands,and welt imered pasdocks: a emaller R-eeldune, with 5 Qcros of lend; a esmall House, with chop and bakebDouse occupied as the post-office; a capitalBuildng Site in the village, with farm preenses, walled ga,rdens, and pasture lanpd, containing Sa. Ir. ilfti and 15 acres of Arable and and Plantation. with valuable frontage on the road to Hampton; lsIn, a large br-ick'bnllt Hous, with oomelete farm prmmises, recently creeted, and 3a Dr. lip of capital nrchar,4, on Stanwell-motor, and 10s. 2z, 27p. of exceflent amable land, adjoining'the proprtyof . HinbougbEoqandothrs.Immediate Possession may e araned.Pariculrs,wit plns,maybe had at the Inns at Staier nd indor;at he art ofMercs.Frere, Gooddord, and Chnmely, oliitos, , Lncon'sinn an ofMe OsCobb, Haeyreors Efleld, Middlesex.-Deslrable Freehold Roate, ccmprIsing Cottage Residence,w-eth Gar,den, Paddock, and ToCtteges adjoining,,t-e getber with dl acres of valuable Building Land, I'VOMNAS COMPTON will SELL, by order of the LMor'gsgee by pbile UCTIO, atGazrraway's, Cornhill, on Wederdy Ouobr te 7h, n to lts,a convoclent detached DWELt~Gwitchls-hoa ndstale god arennd rouciv paddok: alo Tw bric-buit Cotages adjiig oehrwt aneay rie f wosttinsonth Get Northern or Eastern CouniesRaiway. Te woletite fee,and land-tax redeeme3, May be viewied any time previu tote sale,and patona had atel t h e Ge o r g eI nn . E n . d o s a n d C r o w n , C l a y - h i : a t G a r w a y s Thomas Camnto*sn auctione °arndestmate agency a of ofie, oeand, id zOD ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~C H0rae I=0Bidr estt n4eSOOBtkrEe Pefd, AUd.8 Mlarquis-read. (anonbnry.-Housohold Furniture and Effects. iR. JOHN GRES3ORY will SELL by AU- MON. on the PremsFes, No.6. Grosvenor Villas, Manuli-roar, Catnonbury on Thursday, the 1Fth September, at 12, the remaining HOUSEDfLD FU RNITUE Band otherP P EITrES; comprisingd. ba steads aond fgarnduroer wardroe, chestof tOOdrawers. martIl top and enclored sesstoands. ruosewboo atnde mahoay chairs, Ion, card, oscca eonal band Odinn tobles, waooghamsideo, bvoka se, cap tal ie, cPttal~ FatormqingStock,gayrdoengnesadt and another Shep Moful, articles. les Maybe-iewed thed proulrto 40nd mornings ofsae.Caa JLogePobehdo the prmqaf rdemisof agndfthema lavriongthe 6,Fnelgbury. faBurroughs, beudong, hldreand.woolgmat mtreses, mateofan hangd s-domebaCaraeHses, cetofdawe Brosngghm Ditto thrlee cptables Ponies tandad thetn Hsarnss Grpenaenhouste Plants,br, Two wnmmer-oome capta I arc'Ood'onipiirg Ctcc a rentr,sessin and ote hep,Pis Cows, Chiron Hcuches, 110 be0ad f~utif y, 4nlai 0 ibiicte, &o.;itedni ro0mamE znabRwdnnnd SON hwil SELL byars AU ToN, peont FN teboaremineca ibyorer, of an ghentlemrany lebaving theaneihbour poblst. ArCinantirur atnd bedsteads, wihrichey hanpees, Eriexlslart Petedoobed,rchests of d,awemt, deetable-glhis sa t-wilkttables, warilshdairteds and bethe usaltpendU,agesth formithe bed cmber, a dawing roo suitef inmrewood,an cowmprisincetre Socalonal, and weathedbrttles, chrair, coues, toworu beauthrin tre cabrinets do. i thre dinf ing csitlom are dhebndining Owandpotho3tAbles hirns, snofa.bedeshal sidebnoar, dinnr wbgon au,; Iung eathe landrery, liraryrchairs an tales,u Canterbury andsbookcasestctwmerley-glaoes. raskeisoar-k pats, feeer land Ierns. bagettele, tale,uhi clarros, varlobu atoolsnew diatr and brebwcafmcinguensl,. thufrming cter, OHcake de oabot cmterg loadis,o princteol and nobew harexdowa,t do0 dloado whatd bandlo,baley auwaceo, frour haynrolr and dn cares, twoland rolle zrs,n we.art aOO gidudeenuroe do.lvnt, cupuing fraes,twonarl ne 650-load rhick polotry two whie, laddes, heamkn hoen, fagugots, harrwows, v2rou tools newCa ptal makngrs mac.e loa coieedths,100 zIronhrde, pigtrogughs, shee corn t anu toi and deikoubehresoa ari doa.,sdlsadbdoeta Soutcn et Devon.-Wray Egtate at Moretoo-Harrpstesii, and near N ewton Abbot-, oni the South-Devon Railway. MUESSRS. NO-RTON, HOGGART, and TRIST iLR begF~ tInform Iho public, that the above valtrable FREEHOLD) PROPRTYwsaNOT SOLD at the Mart on Prdeay, inly 24, and may now be treatAt for by Private Contract,-Old Brsd,adtrecrt, teuondi hectirn.-Tpe Benials Spa or White oeEtt,staena Croy.don, I., the coiunty of ur. 1~1ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGAR, and TRIST ,AJ. hare received ln.trucrnions from the Trustees to offer for t;ALE, at the Mart, son Friday, September 11, In 32 lots, the SE.COND SECTIONaof the BLTULA.H SPA ESTATE, tituate in Wlnramill-lane, cloao to Sion nursery, and only a. habrt distance from the Crystal Palace and treio Nrwood Station onthe Croy-don Railway. The portion intended to form the second tale if this exn.edir,gly valuable freehold Droperty consists ot upav3rds of C0 atres of land, bavihrg building frantages en the rosarto Croy.don and alAo to contemelated new roada leadirR to the road coostruceWd by'Mr. ecinisugBurtonuthrosih the ma,in part of the estate. Th tItrition is exreedirngly cruversient, within a chort distanceof reveral railway statiosn, firing very easy, frequent, and econonmical access to all parta of Lordon. and thrre Is abundance of brick earth and aravel In the ne!gbbour,bood. The whale of the lota are marked and staked out, and the.ilte of the contemplated new ruads shown. The lo's may he viewed, and lana and partIculars; had nf Mr. Peacock. tml!ds-, Noravoari; at the lodoe entrance, to the Beulahs Spa; of Nisairs. Marten, TLoms's, and Hopasm. solicitors, Mincing-lanas; of Ntfessr. Atbott and SsI,mansn,EoicIt.rs, 13, Bssinghaslletreet: at the M',art; ansi of Nlecers Norton, Heggart and Trist, (2k Old Broad-streEt, Pi-y;al ifxchanse. Chatham-place, Hac&neY.-V&,u%bls Leasehl Residence, with isi. Mediate posses-is-n. i~rESSRS. NORTON, H043GART, and TRIST lYJ have reoetved instructions to offer for SALE, at the ltart, on Frday, Sept. 1' at 12 a desirable LEASEHOLD RESIDENCE, plea,. santly situate, 4io. 7, Chathamn.lalce, Hackney. only five minutes' wgalk from the railway sitation, and within three mile% of tbe city. It contains five bed rooms, emnail room. drawing.dlnldng, and br,eakfast rooms kitchen, watsh-houne, and eli necessary dorweetlc officeas;eoord wanlle garden, coach-house, two-tatll Btah'e. barresas, rootm, loft, and man's icoom aver; held for a termi, %hi h will expire in IS76, at a grormd rent of £5 per atnum. May be viewed, and particulars b.Ad at th eat nd of Messrs. Norton, Hoggat, anad Trlat, 62, Old Broad. streeXIt, craIExehan ge. Xs llogton.- Valuable iSreebold BuildIng LIand. ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST LVI have received instructIons to offer (or SALE, at the Mart, Friday, ?Sc-t. 11. at 12, luinlese previ.sirly disorsed of by prIvate cornrat-tl upwards of an acere of exceedingly valuable FREEHOLD0 BUILDING LAND, with a Dwelling-house thereon, maost eltitibly situate close to Islington Church, ba'ing a frontage of 8ri feet to Church-street, and extending neaLrly to Islingtso.g'een, from which there la a good app-roach. The property Is admni ably adapted far the Prection of smasl banger, and presients an- unuzrnat opportuinity for r& hIghly profitable building speculation, May be viewed, and particulars had of Messrs. I-acy and Bridges, solicitors 19. lClrg'a ArInsl-1ar, lloorg-te-3street; and f Mvemss Norton, Hoggart. and Trhat, 62, Old Broad-street, Royalp Exchange. FuIbaon-Three Leasehold Dwellng-iroure~.~ M~~ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST have received ionstructiona to off er for SALE, at the Mart. on F'riday. Sept. 11, at 12, In ore lot, TSl REE LEASEhIOLD DWELLING-HOUSEIS. Nor, 1. 2,h and B, Lausie-plece, fronting trio high read, between Walriam-green and Fuihami Atldd!esex.and together of the stintiated vslue of £00per adnum. Heladhdiect from thefreeholder for 65 years uniexpired, at a ground rent of £12 per aninum. May be viewed, and partIculars hadl of Messrs. Lloyd and Walker eol!eitors SL St. Swithin's lane - at the Mart - and of Messrs. Norton, lioggprt, and Trist, 62, Old Btroad-street, RrVPal Exchangze. PrlalAa wdetieent.-Valuairle Fesidence and Premises known as Iloyne House, about 20 acres of exceedinlyvaluable Building Land. Stablinig, Sc., at Cheltenham. MESSRS. NORTON, ROGGART, and TRIST L Ihave received instmtoions to offer for SALE, at Cheltenhara. en Werlne-may, October 21st, to lote, the following r-cry valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTIES,-vizL, Bo-yne House, a, very sortetaLtIal arind desirablo residnene, with garmen, large play-groinnd and offices, gituate In Sandbnrst-rsad close to the Proprietary Collegze and St. Luke'sChurch, and let to J B. Smith,Eaei.,a meet respectable tenant, at. £18s pr annum: about 20 acres of very valua-ble and import9ant freehold buildbing land, Immediately adjoininR EBrne tiouse, and close to the High-street, havbig extensive frontagea to capital roads, and admirably adapted for the erection of resir ences of a euperfor class, Stabling, coach house, and yard adjoining, iL the occupation of D Ackworth ; and a sutotantlal residone, altorate No. 3, Camnbray-streetr; let to NMrs Baker at a very low rental of 440 per annum. A Mo're detailed advertisement will appear shorty, when the arrangemenlt of the lots will bo frilly orulainrd.6-M old Eruaal-stret. Royal Rtxchanre.. Yokhx.-Very impnortant R -1everionary Interet In the Rorudbay Pak dsate, near Leeds, with capita Mansion, Park, Farms, and other Properties. together extending over upwards of 1, 100 acres; anid a valuable Policy of Assurance. ESS-S. NORTON, ROGGART, and TRIST, LVJ have received instructions to OFFER for SALE at the Scarborough Hotel, Leeds, en Turesiday. Sertember 22, (inistead of Tuesday, August 25, an previoualy_5vri-ed) at 2 o'cloeck, a very Taluable REVFRSIONARY Vesa.s'ET in the Roundhay PAck Estate, and other Important PRIrEfOLD PRI)PERTIES, situate in thepariehos of Roandhay, Shadwell, ileacrofe.. Barwick.in.Elmet, Cbs lAtlerton. and Potter Newton, near Leeds,.extenrdingoaver upWargof Iltl00crsofbhighly cultivated labd, etersper8ed with thrivig woodsan3dplantatlons admirably adaptedforthepreservatlon of Bcaie anad forming s1tog6th9,r One o1 the most valuable estates in the West Hiin ofYorkshire. Lathe centrerof abeautiul and peasIngly undulate park, wit iits magnificent lakeef nearly 40acres and waterfall,Is plcda most substantial family mansion, approached by Carr'laze fsvsand ornamental ledge entranceis, commanding extensive and lovely views of the surzounding; hIghly picturesque country, and rontaining every accommodiation foar a noblemanx's or gentleman's establishment; with detached stabling, coach-houss ad aiSaces of every description, coachman's cottage hind'sho"use and cottago, extensive pleasure grounds and proAnctive gardens, and lawns, hot and gren houses, gardeners' audgamek=eer' ottages: twvo excelltnt resdences, with gardens, etabling, an offices, nearth ISoundihay mansion; and the several farms, kown as the Home ox Park, Brain Hartleyri, and Roundihay Grange, with superior farmbrutes, farmyardsr, and substantia farm bnildln2s, garieslea and Orchards, numerous cottages for lahourers, valuable stone quarry, and limckihsa,md pits. A capital manstion, called Cha~pel Allerioo-han, with stbling, offices, and esuthudidlgs hot and green houses, beautiful Vlessure groundc, gardens, plantations, and meaow land. The ayHreInand premises, and numerous houses, choirs andi cottasges close to the church, at ChapDel Allertan, together with a house and farm buildings, garden, and several enclosurez of excellent land, in theeparish of Potter Newton. The estate has avery extensive frontg to the high road from Leeds to Wetherby, sod to other e-xcellent roads and at no distaut period a. coniWderable prtion may be aubdivided with Rseat advantage for buildingt purposes, tre re being excedingly besottI ul Eites upon the proprlary admirAbly ads ted for the erection ofmc sions for the leading mercbanits connected0 with Leed arnd other mannfacttsring towns. Tihe subject of the preeentsale is the reversionkry interest in. this veryInmportant and beautiful estate, towhlchagentleman, aged 27 (whoee life Is insurable at the ordinary. premiumn), is entitled as tenant-in-tail expectant upen the deceahe of two gentlemen. age respectively 78 and 63, subjec only to remote contingency of the life f 78(who ewieIs lvig) leaving isse. Also a valuable Palcy f Asurnc fo £3000 eiced n te aminly Endowment Societ non te lie o th abveunestgenlemn. aged 27. Particular may e hd. 4 anc piorto he sle,~ he icshororuglb and White Prelmiminry Adveriisment,-The LittleBeinEte,Wlhre MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGAT n RS iL have received instructions tooffer for SAEathe ar,Ln dJou early in the monho coe et aubeFEIOI EWIATR_ known as,teltei;l sae,adahrad,rsi lathe parish of LittleBeinintecutofWl,adabtthe mailes from the FungfodSainonte uneoradRaig Drnen of the Grean etenHlwycopiigaosftaefrm bouso and all neesr fr-uldns uerous ctae an er dens, and brisk-field,toehrwhsvra enclosrso oal,pa le,and meadow landin,hg ttfcutvIo,hewleiclnding the woodland?xenigaeru arso81acs.Am s detailed advevtisementilapa hrl hnpriuasmyb had of J. Dingwall, Xq,ssiie,8 oshoeyr;ado Messrs. Norton, Hoggart, an ra,6,OdBroad-sret Moylmchange, In Chanicery,-" Sbawe _,Smsn" Wae O ran tj"kc -V~aluabl5 a Freehold Estates, In lbs Island of Jamaicaa MIESSR-S. NORTON, HOGGA.RT, and TRIST bV ave remeived instructions to SELL by AUCTIOIN, pursuant to mu Order of the HIlls Court of Chancery'i Enr;land, msAre in the canres of "fibu-wo v. lim06on, " "Thomrson v. Eda-ards," " Weavey v. Orant," and other causes supplemental thereto, and 'bearing date the 26th day of July, 1816, with the approbation of the Judge to whore Court these causees are attaachd, at the Auction MAst IBartholomew; lane, InL the city of London, on Wedaceaday, the 16th asy at October, 1857 at I of the clock la ths. afternoon ioonelot the-NON'SUCH and IUN-ITY PLANTATIONS and Es rXTES, wctis the Penn miled the Coawle aesjoibteg theretto, situate In the pariah of 8t. Mary, In the Island of Jamaica, la the West Indies, about six miles from Port Maria (the shipping place), containIng together about 2,227 acres of cane, pasture, and wood lands, with the valu.able works, water and catt e' spIllls, implementse, andnutensils thereo,n,sfficient for taking off a large sugar crop. Partic-ulars and conditions of sale may be had of Mesars. Cook and Stevexns 6 Gray"-inn-squars, London, W,C, ; at the teace Of Wae,- of Mes. BOy and weedie, 6,E-ptco.olon.E and of iiesers NOrton Hoga, F . and ht %62, Od BHroa&db6tet . o a-hon uther Ibrnformation maybeobtained. 'o Prelimisary Adertismest,-LnonCe ~JESSRS. NORTON, ROGGAT n RS J.V. have receivedinstructiona to offer for SAL,athMr,inSp tember, a au ble EEHIOLD ESTATE, situaet aseyen naBotbroke, la the countyof Linoolu, comprinafrhoead buildings, together with about 216 acres of fine ln~Frhrpci crIeyrswill shortly appear, Valuable Freehold Building Land, near the Harrow-road, and within M E ~ ~~~~2 mile Of Paddingion, ESSS. NTOR TON, HOGGART, andl TRIST bVI ave received instructions to offer for i5ALE. at the Mart, in October next, about 30 acres of very valuable FREEHOLD BUILDING LAND, land-tax redgemed, situate on the south tidez of Harrwroad, about 36 miles from Oxford-street, andi within easy distance of the Groat Westero and North-Western' Hallways. The land lies together, on the south side of a hill. commanding extensive views, aind is exceedingly well adaptedl for any puiblic institution requiring a large areasor ehtensiveoru3nds. or for gen?eral buildlng purDreses, A planuof the property may be seen by anplIsicalon at the offices of HenryDawsoon Ber, architect and surveyor, 16, insbury-placesouth' Meeso.Matniu~u Thomas, and Balmus, solcictors,CommercialSale l1bomd, Mincing! loaulexchandMege,Norton, Hoggart, and Trist, 62, Old Broad-street, The valuable and extrusive Manor of Rlckmaneworth, Herts, 1JESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, anad TRIST Mhave received instructions to offer for SALE at the Mart,in November next, the valuable MANOR of RICKMANSWORTH, in the coDunaty of Rers extending o'er nearly 10'.000 acers of land abound. Ing Nnth game, together with a Court Lost, Court Baron, quit cont, finM es,hrota, rights, royalties, market-house, market ground. stlalag. and profits and tolls of markets, 'with the rights and privilege no-mInating the occupiers of four alssb,snes In Rickmansworth, and other the numbers and appurtenances thereof, The manor comprises Inter ella an extensive and valuable commoon called Cborley-woodcommon, containing about 200 acres, with gravel and chalk, of 4reat value to the lord, and various plecea of waste land lyinig dispersedly about. Themnuober of tenants of the manor and the average incme will be stated in tutors advertip5esreta.-~62, Old Broad-street, Hants.-Vluabie Eorseebold Estates, Mansion, Psrk, Manor, Farms, Woods, and Cottages, extending Dver about 1,86 acres of land. MjESSRS. N I'ORON OGGART, and TRIST bLJ. are received instructions to offer for SALE, in lota. Ia Sleptember, the PRESTON ESTATE, a valuable an4 imirortant freehold property, sitttste in the parishbes of Preston Candover. Bradley, Natley. and Bres tworth, about seven miles from the capiltal markst towrn of Basteigstoke, and six from Alresford, a beautiful and fine part of the county of H1auls The mnansion, which Is substantial and cormmodious, is approached by a ceortinge-drIve, with portico entrance, anmd contains five le)fty principal bed chambers of large dimen. slat, ou drssig oom, gllry andng eihtSecnaybdp,s wate-clset So, wth n abndat sppl a!spie wtrt h a of hemasin;vetiul oenngtelaninerbal ppopiaedas Secondary stairocass, gentleman's rooma, washing reo, bhat room &c. ; caPItal and oonvenient domeetto offiles, sad exceleni arched celasage, detacbed brewhouee, laundry, store and wood house, itabling for eight hormes looEe box, harness room, and lofts over, standing for three carrIages chaise'honse, &c.; beautiful lawns, and extensive shrubbery walks, ornamented withstately tmber. fower garden laid out with great tase; and at a short distance I a highly productivo kitcben garden, partly walil in gr apery peach houEe, molon ground anc theds, togetber with the rict park-lie lands Immediately surrounding the mansion and groumds. and studded with cln'npe of ornamental trees. Also, the Eoms, tiouthwood, aud Bradley Farms, together with the Manor of Bradley, compriing uImnerons en. closures of useful arabls, meadow, pasture, and wood land, with asitable farm-houros, and all necesesary agrioaltural buildings, let to respectable tenants at very inadeonatels low centals. Also,numeross Cottages and Gardone, in the village of Preston Candover, and Bradley, the wvhole containing about I ,850segre. The estate lies in the centre of good sporting, and is in the immediate nelRbbourbood of excelieni society, May he viewsed by oards only, and particulars, with fordi- of MergesaZ. l,and F, Davidson .olciltorr, 18, Spring-gardens' ait the Mart; and of ;UeSsrs. l;orton, BIoegasr, and Tist, 62, Old Fkoa~d, smweet, RoJyal Excha:nge. In Chancery: W Evans v. Xlxon.-Valtuable Rereralorary interest. n ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST M have received Instructions to offer for SALF, at the Mart, on Friday. Oclober 30, at 12, in one or 24 lots, psiruau,t to a Decree of thb Eigh Court of Cbancery, made In a canso of EveRnsv. Nixon,. with the aDprolatlon of the Judge to whose Court the said cause isatt.chebd a valuable IREVERSIONARBk INTERET in one Dolety of _121,767 8a. Md. Bank i nper Vent. Annulties. 16,6G6 13a. 4d. Uke AnLuities, £290 S. Ed. Itke AnnuitIes, and 0,130 ID& Ild. like Annuities aud £95 Is. Id. Nsw £3 per Cent. Annuities: also in one moiety of the Triug-park Estate, situate In the parish of Tring and tho adjoining parishes, in the countIes pf iett anrl Buck.s, covering an are% of nearly 6,000 Acres. and producfngan annual rental of £7,527 or theres-onuts, such reverslonary intZrest In the said uimq of stock being expectant on the event of the desth of William Klay. FAq,, who is aged 24 years or thereabouts, and who has been married about thres years, and has had no children, without having any Issue, who, being a soa shaU an'sIn 21 or die under that age leaving iaue, or being a daughter, thall atinl 21 or be married : and the reversionary ntterest In the said estate being exectant uon the death of the same genlUemun, without 'aring had any ssue who sall bar sire estate talllimited in remainder to tush issue. Paeulars may be had (grats of Messm ell, Brodrick, and Bell, Bow ohuachyard : of Messis. Parker and Lee. St. Paul's churchycrdK at the obels, Aylesbury and Trlng : of Mr. Brown, land surveeor, Tri; at the Mart; and of M-ass, Nerta, EHoggart, aud Hantg.-Valnable Itwehold rarm, containing 19 sace, WSSRS. NORTON, HOGGART and TRIST h`ave reoeived instxuctions to offer for U14L it the Mart, In SePtember a valuable FREEHOLD EaTATM situate in tile perish of Wied about seyen mies from A-lion and 10 fromn BvAng. stoke, In the oounty of Hints; compistindg a comrfortablo farm-house. baras, cart lodge and buildings, together with ereeral enclosures of iamble and meadow land:- the "hole imaning about99 acres, inthe cooDtuiton of Mr. Broad. May be viewed, and palticulrar shortly bat St the Principal inna at Baidngetoke and Winchester; of MeAws. Dunn, Hopkw, nd laomor. slictor. Aresord of Megws, M. and F. Davdso soIctor. Spin-gaden; a te Mast; and of Mews,v Noron,*ogar an Trst 51, OI ad-tret.Royal Exchange. Stapeto Cort,uss Brsto. tee ita Reidece of the late Bishop MESSRS. NORTON,nd TRIST Ocoe et nlore (ouse's the wbole should hepriulydsoe ofb rvtecotc) STAPLtIT4)N COOiRT,fo eeysste resdneo helt ihpof Gtleester. aotut tomlsfo h city of Bristol, oni the high road fromn therc o rnha n Wickhorn-bridge. end. close to the elegant chubhw hcwabul principally at the expense of the Itate Bishopi. Tas celn residence which has been recently constructed at very considerabls coat, is a quadrangular btoclding of the nmot subvtantial character sad igsbeautifullyplaced on thesnummit of a hill in thre mhIsitof lawnA~ and pleasure grounds, garrounded by an ornamental mud nicely timbered pasrk of nearly 60 coos-. and hounded On the rooth by the river r,C me. The Internal arrangements, which are as oomplete, none-s. zdent, and comfortable as can postibly be reqiuired. fcr the occupation of a large famsily. consist of 25 privcipal and secondary hedehaimoerg, most of them of large dimensions, dregsing roomts, bath room,sa cious landings fitted with dress-closets. waler~-cl'ts, &Z. an=nthe wing Apart from the principal roos., are nlne'ervanta' rooms, laundry, &o.. with separate staircase. On the ground ficor a portico entranCe leading to the principal halLl.uiner hall with capital staircase, elejgan, drawing room 3Bitt, by 24. dining1 room Bitt by 23, each 1Cfc, bigh, with French wine ow, opening to the terrace, the ceiIings dooomatod in to partments, whith polished oak doGors and statuary marble chimney pie,es an ante room. between the dra.i~,g cud dining rooms, forming also a pa-sage way to the gardens and hall, library r5tf, by 22, with mahogany bookeazes. study, magivtrates' raom, and strong closet, Private chapel, beau'iWally fitted up, having an entrancefom the garden ; the doors on the ground and principal Iloora are principally of Spanishi mahogany, and the mnaainsn Is heatedi throughotut with hot air. The domest ic ofise3 are extremely well arranged, Ibincudig a spacious kitchen, ecifery, still room, housekeeper' room, butlec's tata ervns hall. larder. bakehon-se. dairy. brewbonse, uapi5W bi%trn ervwns n otber cellars. Detacheia Is a most iubetanuahsy. erected building enclosed by a lofty wall and paved lard, consistng of standing for three carriages. stabling for eight horres, with lofts orer; coachman's lodge. gardener's cottae graperzes forcmig-plits fotnr well stocked kitchen gardens, encloced, bylfywal,ao,;lhrl trees. kitch. ngarden, cowbonro. cart stabling. do. A ierrace-walk lee*ds to the eleg sntly-disposesl lawns sond flower gardens, interspersed withL highlyornamental timber. and the extensive and beautifol shrubbery. wvatts aboundwith lauruttimns. Arbutuss, And every description of flower. logshrub in the greateet perfection ; the whole fborming one of the mnost porfed possible occupations for alarge and wealthy family. It mah also Obeerved that, independently of itie retident,s] adventagra Zearl 60 acres of wbat may I airir be termed freeholil building lanaI, within two miles of so important a city as Bristol. must Always be of yezy consilderable value. MAY b'- viewed by tickets, and particalars had at the Whbite Lion Beistol; WFhite Hlart Anti Yerk-bouise Hot-ls, Bath; of Mesars. R. .1'. and H, Clutton. 9. Whitehall-placo' of JamesMa. Mont, Eoq.. Corn.street, Bristol' of T. D. C-aithrop k, i solicidtor., Whitehali.place; of Tht;s Bolt. Wre, solictor, Oloocner; at the Mu, ' and of essrs. Norton, Hoggart, and Trist. 62, Old Broad'-street, Boyi Exchianga. Fssex.- Bocki,g-ball Farm. comprising about 260 sore, of caital Land with a Eur riori Farm Residence, excelleTA Parm Bulins the whole offering a s secure laude-d tnveeto ent. -t ESR. N RO', OG GART, and TRIEST ha.e iN I.rcie ututo to offer Pcr BALE, at the Mart, in October fnuesnrevre,5y tresedof by iniv&te s-ontract). a very desirble l'REIiODE-3ATEIlad-t.x redosmed), known as Booking-ball Far siut lr otetowni of Braintee (from which there Is a brac ln noteEsern Count!es RaJIway2), iu the visdnity of Iro ares and a snorting past or the county of Essex, I& corn. prise a omdous farm residencevpleaftntly situate neartho chnrzh. wit attached and detached ooach-house. stabllrg, and iecHes, flower and kitchen gardersa well stocked. The acricultural buildings have been recently therou.bly repaired and cornveniently arranged, and consList of three barns, atabling for It hones. leooe hoses bullock lodges co'w stalls, granary, turnip and chaff houses, cart and waggo lodges, sheep yards and sheds. batlhS's cottage and g..rden. together with numerous oncl)sures of capital ar-abIa, meadow, Pasture, and wood land, in a hiah state of cultivati.,n, Is log entirely witnin a ring fence, and ontanin altgeter 20 soes roos ad 5 pe.rches ; lest on lease tohchlrepecahe tnans or lyrnof21 years at a mojera'e rest~l f £01 pr anum MaySe iewd ad Particular& hat at the Whie Er',lirls,ree Whte art"heinfori-A of Me-era WTa-s Curlig, Wlls, nd Sn, soicitrs, Iredeicks- oee, Old Jewry - of Messs. ortn, oggst,andTha, 6, Od Broad-street, Royal Valuable F'roehold end Tithe-free ETato ln-a rdee,na Melton Mu,wbrxy. in the county of L-eicester. MIIESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST it.have received instrect;tons tA offer for BA&LE. at the mart, in Octob-er next, the N'ETHR BI'OUtrTON ESTATEs, avaluablse Freehold And Ti-be-free Property, laud-tax rsdeemed, situate in the parisheg of Nether Broughton And Old Datby, About six miles from the excellent mnarket-sown of Mtelton Monwbray in a fiee sporting past of the county of Letccster. and about 13 miles from leottinghami, en the bordErs of the Vale of Belvoir. It lies exceedingly compact, and consists of two fare, houses, with farm-buildings, and two cottae,tet with absert 150 amsco of ueful dlairy and srable land, Isteroectte"~ with plantations, and rroduciag. at the present low rent%al, an inoome of £7.45 per annum. Thelands are Copable ofvey onusiderable improve-~ ment, partlcula-ly by proper drainage, And a inaant could, by such ImaProvemeu.t, not only pay a, liberal Iteregt on the outlay, but an incTease on his prasent rentaL. May ho visaed ; and parUticlars had of Mepsss Youngr aud Jackeons, Re.-ex-street, Strand; of Mr. J. S. B-Miico, land agent. Issegar, near Elton, Notts; at the Gwore, Mellon Mtowbray : At the Georgo the Fourth Hotel, Nottingham;, Red bios, Nether Broughtan ; at the Auction Mart; and ot Mesrs. Norton. Hrgzcart, And Trhat 62. Old Broad-street, Royal Exchange, West Bmithfield.-Valnable Freeholid ShEops Tand Dw,elling_-houseand a Plot of Baildit;g Land, producing rentals amounting together to SSeS. NOPTON, HOGGART and TRIST ill hae recive istructions to offer for SAL, at the Mart, on Friday October 9. at 1.2, In seven lots, the following valuable TaR&HOLD PROPERTIF.S. Tiz., a Dweblng-boure, itreets No, I, Red Lion-passage. and a Plot of Buiding Ground, the site of N~o. I Backcourt ; a Beer bhop and Dwelling-house, situate No. 21, Barthojomew elsee: and Five Shops mnd Dwelting-houses, aituate Yes 49, RI E1,L1 And 84Longlane. Smithfield : producing rentals amouinting together ,o;C2Th Per annumo, which MAY, in) all probability, be oDnsiderably incremase at th~e excAro.tton of the present leases. MAY tsi viewed by permission of the tenants, and partlonlava had of Messr Harrison And Ninch, solicitrs. Gray'sinn ; Of (3.8,. Ford, Esq , solicitor. lenriettatutrett, Covent-garden; Mr. Rynsill, 21. Eroasptoc-crescent; At the Mlart ; and of sr. Norton Roggart, and Trist, 62, Old Broada reet. Royael Exehenmge. To inne Msean,sand othera-Stock. l.-s, sua Good-will W. WR. GL SIER is directed by the Administtra,x of the late Mr Thomas Stephenst to SELL by AUCTIII)N. on the Premises, Cambridge-heath, Bethwil-green. on Tuesday, seet. 15, at 11 for 12. the dry and well-seaeoned STOCK of aT . IBEg MERCHANT. consisting of 300 Pine Plank, 900 white, vurnce, and yellow deals and battens, 2,10 feet dry wide Pine, 4,030 reet oal'teUak, and elm in planic ,ive loads Memel anda Danric timber, 10 loads Swede, and seven loads die equare oak in sills. posts, rails, and quartassn. beech In plank and nuaterin, .Prepared flooring and matched boar. iug. white and yellow qurern. &o.; 10 laders, harrows, carpenters benches, doors trtistels. and other useful articles, timber truck-, capital sprng art usfulhore, o. ayb viwedthe day Prior and Morningof ale an caaloue ha ofMesars H.andF,Cheater, sollcitorm Churh-rw Nwlntonbut: o th prmiss :at Gamrrawy's; and of te andoner 4, Carin-crss. he easeandgoodwill of the prea Bethnal-eremPrcb.-. MR. W. IL GLASIE I favoured with instructions LY from the Admninistratrxo the late Mr. Thomas Stoohens to SELL, by AUCTIOX, on the Premdies, the Cambridge-heath TimberYard, Betbnsl-sreen. on Tuesday. Baeptraber 15, at 12 for L, the ;,B&9E or the above-mentioned PREMISES And the GOODWILL Rfth .BTSVGSIAA BIYSER M eRCA ,which astrcin profitaLyLare nuo the premises byth late on . Tephens fcobr upof12 ferr H. and Fer vestmber Chrchrow,US Newiguontests; one oth premies; t l~rrasay's,dhane-aley profehsi;andl or thmze n- '~W. R. GLASIR fa oured with instrettc onst AULLISELL by AUtIOe bat Geme Hot, oenTh-se-t, Dover. on a ,1 o c .thebery,valubl 2forEEOLDe HOigUSE titut in roe, zo. 2he Meatsineuatoain thver.ciety,o lononn lonroessinal morescommer-e cianal upoz eIWrngnom.31 sNd hold fol78ne,omars -t reet noia present reekng af cIt lrea. o foroccuum io. May be viewed by perimionoonh OStetenant, a nd psrartidul14 hadyo ownor, totesl. nlg 3er, ae slctor,e 36, ldedonthd.re, a Garraways; and of the auctioonee.4.r, -fi, Chasin. eros..asad .tr ~ W. H, GLASIER Zs favoured with instructin 3 to ythe Executer , of the late Mrs. Emma Hire to SELL by A.UMTON, at the Shakapeare Hotel, Bae,onch-stet D over,o ,Othr-, at 2 fo 'loki ort , the delightUl RES IDn CE, NO.E renAS LiG He. COPA.NperannmzMd b viewe by- pe-rmissionRoth tea3nt, and paroeticuParsLbeul- daysro to theasle in Dover, at th.W em place hof sAlen,Pandlofs Mr.Wordafold thoue paegoftCsAle; ar,stheat th os n.Canterbnry; in London of CmmansR.,Berkeley, Eeq,,sicltorG, 6,South-squre. Gray's-inn ; and of ,the auctioneer. 41, ClhaThing.tosB., Gaseol anditre Eater ley tases.-Doear Rc, dbde MESSRSy . GADSDEN,i WaNTERedLOOth andtuc ELliwUSL yAUCTION, tteBner oe. Dvr on t-,Peas Octoerey thea l2t ofo3 Slept inmlot, Ftl1 for1 tc elleHnt FAIn URDOERAm pFaCinc10 eoriAent,AParticulr mayd otbeehdsinDoerd, ofbeddiWon'es sold,ahouse marbent, ) asth-hte,and-atathe paned o dmsa le;atteM Riose ibooth-square Gean's,ln and 01 te oauctioneer, 41. drawing-roofua.r Househol m,urnijturle. EandleoCoot.,near be Richmolndutodg. MluneSSgS.A GeAde D N I'TRL, and r ia,elgt bndsetauta w vic, ELLIhe wrn E LL byte &AUCIN on iee the dypremeises daey thernith of Awe.pCatalbgersatat for1th excellet FheUOt1IUR anal,SIc mFFECT ; cnteompisin Araband and M term bedstdead, beding.chesan ofdraers, mfiearble-t Boo ashad-staee d anc resngtaye,.i a dinin rooman chapirs,Houwtlareda dirningt;r able, dawn room futwrci chimney-glass,pfende r an ir roseeant 1hinardssr and theaselent modrnin ofURaIs. CaaoguBes ayheholadgat the Castle Hotel Rich. mood; onithie prumises and ath Mesrs Gtation, WithLodnteitod, cand Ela' tillr. 1, tld" Bre-yFad-tre, B a city. n ug,Spns ste'eLeseand capnitailpim Househd furntuerbe and mEttetseof Wstac.,o th oulcanber'y September 9, atin 12 fors an' kthlen rxelllta mexofbaoderndeItirt'ReRo eaufoe-otae,wilWeolligtnro,1ad, BowreWasadwihndir Caaloues of theBo p tation, Nothd Lonon line,a Fox, prctiog hanidshome walnt-wood Baosgite-of tractwingrom unitrei maurhognyr dinInl tables, hars dinnteeuAr waggentlean chim-ney ornmets cttge inofrl- a-ea -Arba anMPeol b- scapeGrdeners, and otbers Ml R. LEREW is favoured with istructions from the Directors of the Patent 8ildona Stone ComDanY to SELL b7 AUCTION, at the Shlrtw Rooms, Whitehall.vharf, C'dtnon-row, West minster, on Monday. Beptembfr 14. ard foUowing day at 11 for 12 e'ch day. a most trwutble ASSORTMENT of ARTICLEES, mamnuf tured of Ransoms's imperishable slciour stone. comprsing chimnneyplects, balustrades, trusses. caps. piers, terminals, &c.; vascs, foon. tales, fernl ties, jordinets, edging, o. ; headat^esses tablets, fonts, tc., toget.her with some marble rand enamolled store chinner-piecea fiterig slabs, and filters. May he viewed on Friday and Satur^ prior and morning of eels, and catalogues had ten daya previously at th'- Show Boomisanld at the o310es of fr. Iserew. auctleueer,.-aloer, attwnduvyo,2 Carigion-atreet, Ecanpateadl-road. near the Ruston Station.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~~~lya Carm3rtbenshire -Verv imp rtant Sa'o of valuable Frhold Estates. MIR. GEORGE GOODE is favoured with instrnc. .Ltlions from the Tustes of the estate of the late Cal. F. C. J. Pemnberton to submit for SALE by nublic C( MIl?RTITIONX at the So3r's Head Hotel. Carmartheo, and the Red Lion Inn, Llandebie, the following imuottaut, truly valuable. and well si-ttelrs WtEtIOLD ESTATES, wbich will bs sold i; 34 lots, and comprise, ia the varlelio o Kidwelly and Saint Mlary's, Kidwelly,, the itnpNrtant and exosedingly desirble and well situEate farms of Mluddloao. b, Rnt, and Girre, coutaining together In a ring feone upwards of OS acres of rich and prodoctive meadow, arbie. pasture, sind wood lard-s tbe valuable corn grist mills, called tbh Kidwelly Upper and Lowe- Mil, together with several very valuable fields. bouses, and premises. which are also situate in ard near tbe town of Kitdwelly; the valuable farm of Ca-i, together with the tenements of Cw-m9ack, flroadlay, and Waunroser, in th-e rarish of F-aint IEbmawl: two desirable tenomeuts culled Tygwyn andl Tycam. with allotments. 91toate in the parish of Pernbroy; two deslrable farms called BroudLny and Tierhonday,sltuats In the parich of Llanelby; the tenement of 0ellfyferwinlon. lF the parlon of Llandeblo; the well-situate farDS Goitre and Garawevew to the pari3h ot Ll,nd-fntevr. and tho tenement of GraigUyd, in ths pari'hof I-langenuech. The wbole of thrse very Important estates, which are let to a h!ghly respectable te-an'ry, contin together npwards of 1.288 acres of vTluable, ricb, and productive lands, producang a regularly-paid rental of ne3rly£1,240 per annuim, command the advantage of rallsav communlcatlon, good roids, and proximity t3 the best markets In Wa!es, and pDose other advantzers ftr agricnlS tural and building purpo-es not to he surpaioed. Tha estates tn the parisbes of Saint I.brmael. Kidwelly, Salat Mlar's Kidwelly. Peinbrey and LlaDelly, wirl be sold on Tuesday, the 27th day of October, at the Boar's Head, HoI^l Carmarthen, at il for 12 o'ck.ck in the foranoon' and the estates in the several parihbos of Llandehte, Llandilo, and Llangenueth, at theSed lnen Iun., L'audehle, on Wedtssday, the 28tb of Octo^ber, at 3 do'lock in the afternoo The different tenants will show the estates. Printed particulars, with lithographic plans attahed, are nOw preparing, and wlU be ready for delivery by the 20th day ol Sptember next, and mayF be obtained at al the orineips inns in the Great liarihorongh-bttrehetto, onrdoon'satd of Mr beos'ge Good, ln Eooa near Redhoog,Goosealo to goR . tArIE MIHSON anid OAKLEy attb Aco Mrmthe qobliett bei IVROPi9TY w55 NOT BOLD and zy nmbopurchaseed by privateteay -I,Wateatoo-p!s,e Pall-mall MESSRS. ~~SMIT fSON, and OAKLEY XTX nfor tbablia ImPotantRESIDNTULL -..11 ywas NJOT OLD at the Auction on the 38th july* and mayow be treated for by pelyate oontraCt.-Wateulo>plaeee smaller fumhuhngofct,7E Rae. DANIES. L. SMITH, SON, and OAKLFY WM forml the AUhietha at tbe Ssr,l ont Tmeiday, Lthe It ~ofSepember tmtay be thetd flb uv srtt-0Waelo Tertpoomd.aMe% ofmpactase-xeond ee =htoo.AWRiahOfOvD"ErShenT.j- Valowble dare Enod,Sants, surroVming a monderatk oe siedresenc Pand e abSootin Boxsr, wit sperior L a ricngtuca buildings a ndia famuafedfouthDi-houP¶1,wlthlnthree mites dof efilrtg,andfieg ol tHenle ae rernrha hepalr.Thyen pictreuec eratn ol 11.' h=r1 our"neyfo eLondaeond. p geersubormit toe AurraTiON, tdMr,onTedU, t ofvept5edber It snstad hof th, andrth fAus,Upeln'ydThaetsed an most copac ton and Redeiralng EIODRT, guoewnbo-Kdm orey Ind blunts or Vnes,d ha Hne Oe Larmswe of aeomit6o8 L acrs thnpled tmntarig on ftrg, anto the pLanepat ne,eyanmos cxomltad mtan's farmo reMenemurrondedmU S pNadedoks wale garle, ndall. bypeaue ond,fieoibee slouthewolsIn '--etrepanr Odr osithebull 0--erdo, - sudturnipc Sad t iera Rlarde aurnd plaidegley, .~d Jndg inrserCorts w the meldcro ssdn district d sB rIchl woDed and v, isnarhuns and within a t shte ort dithne profste onme andy the rspday onso Reain as celyck very foon oureitely at vieedb pecmion ion ofpt the teans aktEnlnd drin oveplo,j~ withEpas ayb a atloin they Ralwayban Breerd Hopel,rty lnga sutahe Infotrene Wilid Oxfpord; (atd-thx edAuctionart iii, WaterlOo-place,cr Lardmal Londoin.t r 5. 11oa 1"alstowle neaexPr oat0to In Odro the Hmfigt vcinrty of Cbae Victoreisa c]ausDek"uson_"su Antn"withi fam o theeapprobaiong road ce-oaneelof Sie oricar ToDmic Rindsly, The ude, to tsasmITHdistandeOabouty the yardos) fromnthed Privthe prposae, beongigtoedy the N8thda WoflSepeber Latd Oomclckaty noon leadsfrom atthe Bau=tion Narl,Woposwiteh Balnk ohe Enan ind onte lort, Wooich =M,EdI foloin ery aluabl O =Fresho'l Pizhsropert bymeting of Ia privawe land conaInn Is The PZp.ty hsal:sot at Hr=ailese nowessPaco,i h Imdmediatotheviownit of pllthe Vi Thep-rca (ondon)ba Dcs, andoltewithin hof way fm ie of thelBakingroadLb atbtove nof ted rorthI t o WoolvchRailway Thedproert lIen a proert dhisace (abust g00duardly froDmte povrewiath houeandbe beloningstoth Prdcnorth WerywlhmLandua gound wrich leads from. thCalaiondg-mlinadt Northe Wowicth aPlongO the nperty,sd ofy thehart WoollchlAueway and Ithe eGe.soicint omsmunicato witu this roa dyen of fvprathe sctroeers. or Woas.ter prprt a as frnae towardsor-aChelaefOleadin up tzorthetownof tl-`atst-i The purchrase willtave,a bonergto a o rf fcikn ovr h aoemnle redDnrs o thi andety OAndLtEY Mst, e wil the fBandkoafr faoroep ,tuenst dy fOtober,~ In7a prpAt whc12t rdal becooc coPROEdRwThYoue andU ouoldings lrodts gavr lreana g-Lound frent Ploed. parti.t Inar and p odtin fiaeswthapa otmthesproperty, Waycbeha ptatio of Iean a igfr n oia,slctr,2.Re-tet Bisncd;Mess rs. OftnadD e,slctrs ,RIudbldis hoays- innad ofU the autioe u ers 10 aemo-lc aizedl.~ family, Esd bdars,be Cmaef years, Kanzsd and Dmawn,cipo byPklaltl'e the pwroprty,witate negardthe Waincayeter andichotiOn oke Socittye and a heW of dithec, a Sotbestern aldew fn-ay. o 2 o LI have receoiveid instvrucin toaOfer fr guSgAtiI,aUbut fthe rnetl beacs., nearl te UByank of england. o ETueay,the ath wedayte of Otoera mode,rate1 outlocy, thi beluDbe FheresienceofD PropretrTY In the e6towing logts :-Lot he m0an Si.5on called holld Hml,maonws wz'ter InetheperndhwoTwdford,tan withe in fu we1c tofetheran W -aincle Stati on,i ah LeandThif ol,it tihere paoe,tontofaining ino acresing t a wsSr of mterosteval ual shou maihetdow rd. adtbo In ist ellaitlefo gthte ofoi reutiretmTen bol of a thmae,ie family, landhs breendt for many years in, and isno ccpedbyGne Prederibe, burtpoesson thmayb hadn June Ifirz~ste t. The snatno wthismeproet,wit regard of uwrdsilway srom mdnlton,goo souaety vi and aheazlty dsrbdisytrict may bea oohieream ltr-ratz, Lth pa.ish o Tw;nor Farm, coomprsin, veryt 135periormsbtnialylnilt lfoarmrVesi dence9, mosd for slb arowdtligof boilyesitae and well adaptsesd,oar ai teodeae oftay ti broom,y the resdec ot thlie propelsI o Lof 3the eostatengetherm sithuate.Sr inD.episo offreeholarahd mando walebry mand ow, alrnd wodans.!5p.theawaole lyng wel together,ood havin thmereondtw tarmbn? hoesteds wrell st,at four cothgeeconoica culti fvatbon fteln, hslt ith the ex cetono P.pt,wion o amou too acr tesi the parishm ofthOtehore,i ingan thepais tofbeTwyordy ta ndoi& in an exc aellenstte b f eMulM Tivation.the whorleof tothem sable landudaed nti adot.Tedwforohees farming, anidrableorn ufderbl3 p ofto ofathem pu are~n wod irt-atd yigextqualy. Tel atogter.medow cons of upad o f Ovlbuy cres,stind thei svealt willor beclarl, Hurs,ed b te facts wth atteryar sitate ind texpart ish o Twyfoprd,h irod, abopiuts 1foracre ,formngdof field parke,ae welodtape fortd gero bwtho o oes and't ettimbare Pofsession o thle whole o thi lotomaybe hadhat .hermas 188al Lpuot 3foTb, outnayiti am iswituaein ther paishs of thyerdaoptk andtOwaehr, and gcxoftlig7s t r. Wip. b fatrabland ispastureloo,wthgood fyI-arm htenansad, farmhuse laond pemie,anorcotgs Th ishlet rebldt isd frehold,with the exception of ca.itr.ip.s whstinsch reeuhld oal leth manor, od Maes-Lyi, andhav beenmaRranged to be and irdnehsed f £ e ; elthisesu, wt them does and femsetto epI byth Aendors, pone lcoltags arile by losms Bec ~ponlvs,andTy th 4eerintote wiie nLLdedmin thns lot. 5h wole br inelda Mmostesiale, ftoa-rm, andsesion0jfn it mIay helhdsat.KIfh sciia, 183 ot I consisOMs of maral psture, dt, and mWoodhland,longetoeml Wicell TMgthr inorhe paihof TfodadOwalehury, cnsisanro wizo-trwel lanor Par,SHRSe,adLdg is withaL SM eT y large and eOAKLEYtis pon, i poffert isr well adat thed fart, the erBainkof aRclade, on o The ropyrite tor adparofOticularlxt for 12 fcod of twedo Ots,th rand tesi MANdOenrS ochaYRacerD and est3ateUReo thathnaooetuecwhich will sheuare tbth puchse WnAi foilgetomen for hi--s. outly.It ismu wthn fouitrensmdies onfdethe opeaionesation.h andu sixu of thhe entheser andishe partlye occupiedby ncreag tInant and pstylt oniwth last e, Thewhl, n isfeeold aotind welltorth tahe attentioneof eaptaleistsetiin agricuturlinve st. onatswtho=wiethonroftdens. elt particare ornswitshrt%ly e.published, and may~maybe had of MeUs ry arn n irt.eGsm8 Great Russ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Ruell-street, Rtolur;MsssoenetmFss e a son,Llnoin'einn'Meses, lake Tyle o nd Tylen 14 leex-s.t1ret, Strad; ame W?cons Es., I Ohndo-ste Wet,Osnds- Bq. Ie Or ad f esr. aneldit,Son, and SOaNe, land aLEntY 0 LU.wil ofe for SALE, at theAuto Mart, near the Bank o nln,o Tfunlad o Today, the 6 th day of October next,t10occkinwols, theRF3 vaRLualAL ITOR&G o h prs of TWYFORD adOWiKtUtywich are sing,tin gros wth the mm ofJhes, U an otIndtogether 9.m altesthA vey arge &Ious ndo Mesandow.ared cprhopdeandyiehld afromlthe conideable sum In quit frentswan fines6 non death orecirenatio nlhe int In aimouo revduriength las : 0 yoetears,it anedanznohortion andhe havew anicyot baPrpeen enfanlhised,e? m the prsetIve ad vandtagres otbe propetoedreoft. he epanrsbareery on hsider able. Pul printed.lar e wileapear shortly,and nmaybe had of iSAeeca Bra,, Warren, and Hadn solcitrs,Greatusell-streot. Bleolugryur;eesrs. Bmenntt, Pie; ,a. Dawson, Linroin's-inn ; Mo-e rI.lee, Sisle, an"d Tyle, 14, Esse-aeet, fitmud; James Wieckeas, Req. 1 Lhan1os-treet, Cavendish square ; Messrs. LTanamnd tJo. 81, Ltin: coins-iano-fields;- tewmesRBehon, Stowre, and Iaoyps IS, Cnolemn-si Tsret cTwyfordssrs. WoDear i soeicityots Winchse ndobess DanielabSmith,eSon,aind akltey,Land-nagntsdaelopie,Pl-e M M RS . AILSMITHzm , SONaidOK Y - ..wilffer forBLL at ACTheN actinMr,ea the Ganke. tfengan, on Tuteday. the l th h of~ o October next, the 2 c - ofTOurLaLBEisNt-HA E of thwepr,Ish meof Tz Iota,amut Paeonags os and tedwhis ET sut t propherts hl frmf h Hospialof fit,Cowfrgw avlivlireh,owlagaedresecivl 88adU s,t ananualrsre renth oof olI,togethdernwthth pwaren hous -,and madowrhih t 1 s as opofist-iato ellmeparateLyn fromwteiths eepin Ila. the ehad 2s. r. el of th eeheonwica onrdrbl u bohas beenlate lytepede.O 1particulatrsa belhdof4sss Meorf Bennett, fiepZ ld,ofar,deDeaon lon sainn Chapterlee Bake, a nd Tyeblde,14, ose-treeot, 7Stran:Jme 'Kith s Rq,1 Ceauos-streetib, Caveondt h-equhrgMesrsa.t Bo,eman edrtoCo.,,Linclmoln's-inn-ieds MesMrs. Cil, Stewr,andbroo d,k , to Linroln'ea Inblelds; Mesernd tseholufactore, adwoiphte kl, 1d,ying an-drel cty.Un Messrks. AWoo23acresolciors. Windcheserb- ad ofamessud. Doantei Bidied wion andberaniy,lan ageni ts, b10 hatrloa-datcWe, Pallmal The datwyfos sae er the cityo ofareWidncie;er and th2 cesWinch1 ho= ad,iha gIEL oItH, SOddNc, sabled OAcKLoue wb wiihsworthmndy" J'Oat gthe hgeorgHotdPl Wsinces dtar, on Stliurd aay, the 10th of tcloocUr,1087, atr2J(insta vfeThrsy, a 8pltenn.h ct3 ce of October,ld ets, ad.wl timbereof thfsrmSTaTg,oditutefobin g-Aof Tyfudinitb nwsleberoa,comelow o ng yol a clud korn mill, knopwna oohtawnIrd gil,a with c.Aonevenetresidenacbe,mler'sottage,ho stable lacr,and abort1sores of first-rand grmsleadow land, now in teoccuedpaTtionoflMr. Honey Yoiung.e Arso a valabl moeadf ow, conbtot freod-a.O.Or 7.o ae eao nnteprs of Cbe upto, bsehod oan th De an bhandof Chapteraof Win -estn. Aloand smg aDllfreeoldI, of, about 37 ac-3rest, withomsburyhouse n bullnoradonngtheft hIghNoreedm toaboieranu t o SM.pdb MrAN ChaLe SMTHuro, SON t,r with OAKvaIn ble rt& ndtle anuacoy, di l til kiln dffrfyingLE and ustckin tIEdsOLDc AsIAcrEs of abound freehold gram land, whba naiul udd wih tmberandjoiing he i ahroadlwatyGoen-cmmon,a hol patur lad, itha god oltre esdenc, asdabotbcarch-house ituer, Ucearokenaint, &A Siruts38 acres,of freeol D psue lndt,Gwelltimerd, MandM frig a goditefo building. AD hOuse adncaing th tnpk Moa,apec ofcphl odAnd, knowese e' Cp, gra OO6 o:u&bDgW i peror mabony to.stbeS bts. ding, lnen, coucbes, c tir, marble-top washetands, wingedS ardobm, Bssels carnt dreming-gses. drapery. &C.' A mahbony tuno.. room uitse TSrkey ecret, and drapery, a fine-ne tanofete oe gant walnut.tree drawing-oom aulie in needlework eoGes w tliot chlImney-gtLes,uperb cbandelIers tapesteLcrpetWnd ri, oai.n trapery with handsome Cornices; lbrary turniture, compeidc two handsome Spanish mahogany ranges of bookcases, 600 volun,es of books, valuable cnks *a small cllar of choicewins and attleit co - ypricing doine oldt Pert, fifi loe Champagne, brandy, Le, kitbCen requIsites, brewing ninnsil.s a colloction of plants, gren vhses and seats, and numerons effects. On view twro day prior to sae. CtaSbones3 on the pmou'scs ;of Chs.s.L ee, Bs,., offcld assignee, 20, Alder. mnhury of Mosors.J. 33ctJ. 1.LLsuklaterandHackod, Sloxe-ne use at the Offces oft Mr. Peter Broad, actioneer. IS, Poultry. 19, Calthorpe-place, and Midsnouth-mewr. Grays-InnroaA.-To Iro- monrers. Builderst, oeitek oc ., Fu s and ohsoem-Ab3oluto and Unreserved Sale, by order of he Aigne M11 R. PETER BROAD Will SBLL by AUCTION, cm on the P't-J"5es, 19 C(bthorpe-plo, and Sldmonthimsvrs, on Thasday, Sept. 10. and foltowlng day, at 12 each dar, tho remaindler of the valaTnle STOCM-in--TtDE, cOD rmisine egery description of copper, brt. and 6eneral furnishing IROMNONGERY, hnds=e pDper trays japunned ware of every dererdption, bandsome stvovs, fenderstoilet servicm, shoer and other bat tin nsdBiron hollers and sR aupsns a lWarge qHantiy of bell tamiture, ntl, T 0srew, on e. pentemr' and t3ldena teool., belts, Inghewire, handsome doser tands, umbrella andeh taends, and arious ee On viewr the Car ypor andamornnglof stae, satuanes on the Pre shsof WiarIetsle, Aeqe ooutyifl assigneew 20, kndesnmnbur,; 1t M s. J. and JI, it. rLidter and Haxenoor, soictds, ie-tenwe; orm pr.mi PeterBoat, to6irtneer, 8, P'oultr. Vabluble :alt,kes, Wn t ihai Esex,-I mport* n SaSe.-By EDValti BAILER, at the Whlite. Hat Inn, WlSthai, Essx, on Tuesday, 830'terberS a S in the afternoon, by the directions ofthe Trsteins for sale under the lt ofn the late John Edward Valtord, E ls oa A& V uab1o Estate, situ8to Iit the parsh of Withalm, in the county oS Essex. known >s the HOt Farm an3rd Righfieid., cnpnghomeetat tChipping-hill.concisting of a vry deier1le reSenco an extensive and wel-arran6ed farm premises; anothier hometll. known as Hieaheld, consisting of a cottao and recrsth'erected fares pre3metas and about 13t acres of ex&cdingly fortie a-able and pastue land, in a high statof cultivation, and lately 0OXQpled by tbe deoeasd. & mssuas in three tenements, abetting upon e sme,slid on theUnIoroad, in the t of dN.ew n, ulelon, and Gamnetit A very desirale briciheilt reedene known as 0bPsplace, writhrnamuertatl nonuds inf t and neat walled-in garden, by theside of the oadleading toBrintre,In the oeenpsttsns of George Edwards, lbq : and an eligible tboo of bauiding pround adloni'g. Partiular maybhe hd at the White Hart. Eotel, Chietmuierd' TO Chain and AnchorSmiltbi, S r,iu to fESSRs. FULLER and H RE r rNrc M onELb AUGTIOX, onthe Prms arem DnetWet2c W 3ton, on Tuedafy, %ep(mber6,at II. by ordti r ethe Tritm th BST KorcaRIINand~ 'a 1O:100 tonsirtudieanithernk shackles, pulley wheels, sod deck pipes fire tons bar 4rdbo t 'Is Of smIth's sh"P. one tOn top sad bottOa2 tool .,dl toNgs two' aesis oWals and weIgbts, h'mnera, blo3ka and 5 a f CSSn ro-I,n, a 40-ton open barge, log-hos,sand o theff*C*e... be viewerd on Mond¶ gPreiou to th6*6Ie, whe,ottlorm ayb.h tmtbspromI.conmngery M ESSRS. FULLER and ORSHY vwill SELrE byArOr , on the Prenlsee 2, Ca, ern Bc.ltkhestb God reenwicb on Wedneoday, Set 9 t dlrcio0 T.=fe~ the 5'V6CK of [ER0NatUZNGElty; 00 name reglWe an4 Road sK,otsM blaclk hollow. aLnd Japanned waye, gieden "Iol lojcke, Honey Caa.ge map be had on the, preiesus and of Meccre,p-..'tQ Rnya iilliters-treet, city. &.C. MESSRS. FULLER and HOMSEY are instrncte ir by the Asalioees to BELL by AUCrION, on Monda*', Septemt-er 14, at IL, on the lremtl;,K II. P nouycli'street an Onle' warbotmrn, 8i1lite,-s~tros.I lto . without r ere, t det es of AGRICUILTURAL IMPLE3gx'rg, of the emInent Aim of Ma.y We6l%ko and Co., tLuclndiog 2-5 och&futig machines, foe band ai.d bonse power. £0 oat bruleerz. Lo wheat mIll,, behn milfls,portsh1n flour mIlls, a nsw spring cart, Iron landrollr ploughs, harrows, startDre, horme hay' r,ke., Ewven lawn mnowigm hfianr, turnip cutters, olleake breakers. fruit prees, thrashing machIne weigshing machines and ws-lghts, 100 cea Iron fly-wheels, winno itrnbnegrm biukeera, washingsand mangliag mahns d maJcnine, goste6 vices and h)evcbes,, noan nouse fittlags autm1fcs Tob. inewed on Friday sod Satarlay prvious to the sale. Catalogues M&y I e ha of Mesces Faltor sand Rorey. Bllhlter.retee, E.C. road, Caub rweiL M ESS FULLER. and HORSEY are instructed t Fctrnto BELL by AUCjrION, on Wednesday, Sopb mver-16. at ItL nu the Pre'mter as above, the LEASE of the' CDmp.ct PRENIMISF.3 erected fores raw mill,bet sgitable for any xm%al toonufactituno bugelues They ooniprizo a newly erected mill, lare, yard, with imt-ya eatran0ea.,d aoo,-b fmldclhgha, wit gaien: bld n lme or ea. at £30 per annum. To boe vies;ed till the sal. Part-iruisr may be ad on the promnBee; sod coe Hescre Fuller and Hlorsey, Rllltut-ertrect, F.C. ESSRS. fluLLRad OS are instructed l7.J to BEGL by AUCIN.o tePrmse,No. 10. Albany-road, on Wedvefday, Bepebr1,a , In Ot. without reserve, tho MACEU, N42.1 of teSWad OUDTa IL,stogds frame. k neOW mouldin chn.tocruasabehs,ihposure steam e--rine of 1 os oe.nwCrjhbie yH thalttlg, drums., straps as ule' mlmnsadefvsaa the genttei bonrehold outr ftensldsrpin otgpao forte, chitmer.elaecam, sesma n.oaycan sdbad hsbro. nituxe, km~ To he riewed onbepeiu t h A han astat legesoarhbuhd ; an the AloandfMassFllsd Hor, cry Blltetreet, F.Ca MS.1-taterinons M ESSRS. Fd HOS Y are inttuctma w torles.roI , onTbyNeAZ.Hcrbert'c-betildbs, WLterloK,-road. on in ~~two lo%s, the euommoinodla MANU' VA'7R¼ R£lI ,o i.Lemi Ashi, Istho and tool mater, situateI ebr''ie.so~s h si cipal portion of wbich haebr rce IShn3MotsThynm subtanIaly eectd tor Pesomae, Iron fnud'y,byrd, otbic-ul the knso s te Ilemes"NArs, it skittler grondh. situate N. Ill, Wbber'2rertheld0 lheas largte a usorm of yersat tsrr lTow mire; of51,-et,.L1wrnc les and-utin ower. sol6 tors bold .Tews7 ci'- ni'ers: ad oof i tsses Full besanddHoney, BiltcoctrogeT. ityc. To Enivorr, Lah-kan Tod Tain-n, Ftt d, 3lantic of vrinifd. 114ESSES. FULLh eRtmto and ndSE enine SELLng byck LT. IC TZY. on the remies HchWsblings Waterloo"Ivatluabrle TOOL machndM'ACI INIh, ofbcE Mt. L AOshciwhotisgretirin Itnem ulee and bei 20ther wih& the largearote f aerr,ns,cs Theim n trahinry ecldesoneil-nch'.cewuttnc ahe. I fnet bed rodne MElatgSteRS.rm tocULLE IchR n a HOnS arelacingstrfacing lah.alby thie h A&4nea oft n Tu i Me0slathDesof vaIoLL dy AUCrTIONs, fomnt 10 inch, enrae,,lor ndegn tourning, hl'atk Laed eIdeOnd offIaciOng Three of ictnie Loandon Works,nembro cevendenllltnfo machne,t~eedn p t2-hiorse prow"eroslltng stam oblgineandbe.bller, 200dfet,saufton:.roo.-gkmbUers,profA12vie, nd cm kbeech,, prc~sr te&on coia.lcny' fan, 4 ietoedck,bmt' t(cyia,dtreetnse and shearht steel, 2,000t fortwogtIo uig wrapt iron,bckad fu-all eg, mLrtertig.honseOtns,adcr fei i be hadso thepemss at(Lnd of IMesyrs. lleradEoso,Bli apprett&ovr city.res,C aneor atbo, London worken'. butritulea. 1weSSulstelad. FULLE tosbodxesREY ar Istuce u.ne by theavdihnde lf M trucks Foe Ind blnesonoBELb AVCTION,ac werltc. Monda,s ofember wll, andanverlsflown ay,a twigeaht day, amrte orm a atbole,tn toonabl wandImotat00, eoLECTION vof LUOSrcr TOSD omofcatheiLon donWri ttaie Roeverypqt~ette fr horontraclors,eNginees, Irnondds lwhpt cheaismIths boIler, ridgausef Io root sakerseuldr,sd te eInluding U a orabd hi-igh-pressure steam ngins, ry hrsm o6-os pwer one l tarte m power wih lh-pr etenof sitew ne, ivtuet,warfugh prn lat prabet rce s.teambolry from 4-om fo -ors powmter . tde rAinds theapsItaattC tube ret Of 12-Dtech air pu Os with eweslro. clnesadwrougtwoironsappratus xford trile s mln.tnfj.e.seM f=ou;b1-t1k.l9rkninntw bue) tett ch in, tweoil aned pant drc Iiwrocel.tI-roncse bonPtogPmachine, hdalIc h TX pnrps,ior clorsawu,l, five 1-throweanmp twtm odonbchie-re Mlot's inrhome. aDOcor &tdstfn appberatus. trer puchin prti s, to y oreces the0 totso Slo anich tor smiths', bIlerdmitter,ad. smiths 34sos n fm powrfl telyaumree 10t On.boe aDpnd fackb,lo atom rIngsband atos craE ShSRadSad. dls uk,see os blocLERaand Hili, slIng, b.sadwighs Mr. Hogtons wof isrh' ols,rIng avis fr op antuim SEL4by. wagesmon4.thatMmers, oas bl Wtools. ay, eptemanber ,Co0 , steamo ,having a severfral tonsof Iartstee fOt.0oUls fo lathdes, sottig. and staps, patereaandmaembrr.an a rpcntenhmenthe, 0 sctatfod in ole,` carriage, tibsyeltr wNt, toriadbtxuny s T ix bard truga harnobis, new tua, mhognytares,coch isses,IfIloe!sfie-ro beldond to a fo A twowroghtIrn sfes dsks dructsmnsaDer, andu oLTherefetis. whichno peson ills,Be amTtederhc a b bend eedy M ESSRS. FULLER and O Yaeintued AUtIoNsET,sheA Mart, emdnesday SepteonMbert3, aWeduselaiyi tA?e C~oRp1ny. toltier withStheld under mwint. frorattop rb Ls.indo udmavnoa ulerfincialarea of k. feroti lbulehdlitas yewok and a alndsrv, an emv" bosser'syessbKehneei, sItuat-yexin Lmbs peeaume,T Cbswsel-trhaet,iFntexte.ToefbouIlIgs ae been recentl vput Int throere paId r,ate als eoulw n artowemmeolheld o lg s form temuf10 yu ar,o a ct Fhexverylow cretoafg; £10pranm=hr sa fraes Oud twrfordn laniplmehntiful siepLy. b, ta ngn o o14hore powgier enystaom-trsma bedQX pur Coredifwshe,T ho viTew,a ed ilroasic, ati ord prticgbular,maibehadp14 aday ro o ontheapremilers;atd thmey pumpi; ndgf fmgta. Feroller adHmy Bil and r-skeset.b.C(y. r-u).miossaop lhltO Gmcb.ethreWood utting mchinpsoy' Swing, Plaieng,o andut Mouldain MESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are fntGute .LLto SELL by Al'OIAON, at the Auctionhfart, o B Wrt nasttse on temerd31adat 12 p,mIners3 an12 a ceptableoler soelul madEIL e in piate Coooriaotl Arzthe ImpotantImport.OLt IPM flS2 UOocunnDI byntheCoouptany.toetnuretrewith The vhluabe mcinery four matsf-l W.di collaing aCtobmpanyabot, nd15 yese Oine), and a vemltry eaie au enn frato.Thrp-miof hace an etensIe Yomlage next thed tA withlowhresend c 60rr anesufor he ebso-cfnreom tlandceing tAIml1bilderyingaroe ths localitymay berectked,opand spa oandr'z OI ml, fttwed winthe FaeDoywraim's steamtiember 4DI. FatraWmnej b f rameslnd twmat pl anigrt; htd of wollrked byra c7udo1Ii-C1tO beM-Engine bareyt n C. n C inistrt AoCTION, oa siondeaty Ortodrying hosetit pps a este am , belter dworsankeabpope, tengn,rrola Awc andStracs benhally. lDacsulndengIne' shptIh a* sa uzdoter floors. tw eaI 'trib al frsatefrletn two seen rou bechtiesr, treanudIng1tr teL m tchneswt ctter for bot 00 a tt thoueapeg mfrhi 00tn Ec mra ntisingt m lchIe,tonsnn m tcio oingot,, stbt irg, 60el;ni of foun but quaared ty i afle'ref e wal, is aktlm1et k,)rd.whp avedt syrof geway, downpthe rand Oe ths rane, ando roe Rrad strong Ilin s-tares; therOif aloa97 twt bourkeesxcsalnge bsm aiand wO omxmod srxsgfa iyrsidenes. T',v rafnthe twastepeioIsd2per, and nnumIm. toank viewe tuI rlw c otsgard,wih wt uter pfrotimathma brehad ittof M ben aed Ho nd . Blllerou trdet. wo 1u4t,0.tms Or14X Frn,an u-rrnsetherdstae, InThe Ty of rodon. Oleciilo ontWednesday. II,av p,mbrtSat 12. aft vlualetts HL fo 52tbe p o4 comprismina suswantITcaucs Po' Drlc ICulembertid othe r orideesee mor'oe,pinion,uriggleour. oly.-ndre.etImmedlels, roenl.uCoumnto ti anidClenlal mused at .endrethe xImpotcnItUdIdpirngen- tthnowCin pe , in Fenc. gOu ptand Rencbrch-kbet. Thefns mhoueinsOf fer std- ,:M peedcetting n th hatsren, an Is et In laet Dissolutlon of P41rn3rabL -5'bomdit iily. MB. W. A- OAKLEY wi1 SELL by AUCTIO LVd on the Premie 186,9 FleCll. on Wednesdy, and flowing day at 1i for I each day, the splendid aort*ot OLASS, os-mo,lo,u brom, china, imitation Venetian, Berinr us and gas CHAI DXLIXRPi. improved moderatet argand, , IrDIIIe bracken, and suspnding amps, or-mon1 mniors, -wbuu- dole. renh ornment4, or-moul and berone braclkes ba= ht Crles, vases, cndl"eks, candelabra intid mach boxes,esd trays, and cat-glas lOttree, fancy artiles In t &csandds andt beacketB for g, ofte Most chaste and artist.c desig, in itt' varlety, a large Quaitty of Wrnch des, candies, oolnaus for mode' rateuw lamps In Bohemian glas and serpeine marble, globe chimieeyfor all sorts ot tampe, and numnus other effects Inrdla I four-wheel Taun afifactory plant, On Tiew on Monday and Tuos tg. prim to thb eaIAnde oklognue on the promises: and of tho auctionb & Rivent-wireat.Waterloo place. ment, near lamegte, MOagato, and Poiwell-blY.-A de!gbtb situate Freebold Reddeenc and in ames, in the parIbes of Uwrcncwand skintetr. M1B W. A. OAKLEY .will SELL by AUCTION .LLL the ?I-rt, on Fitday. S,epember IE t P I aluable J6 HtOLD ESTArTI known as Manston Farm dlhtfuy and bee. fwiy attl,; ,bout |I milo from the ItBamrai and MargMtst8At and comp'in vesry comfortable and subst antlllyeseae fsMz sbuence, in excellent repatr, tlearo and odetles kitchet lawn, capitol ont butlldIngs. greenhouse iabliag, farm ,aa, aIr otage W s Kd about 122 crs of superior land, mostlyr favonrit position of thit properbt and ite Pe y ae rt. b othra dyoffersn Imvortmenit for ocpatt in rt y ao be tmet *AH. lp be eaded. xsd parUculats htd at tHe Mat; of-D - dr,.,Iuer Ltngroeia,RmWtOO and of the suzto emr. - B ap nVeet gos-, To Printers, the TradH, iad otlraisR bIoErvrS. W. KING ard Ct. are natru d fTou Se te bf dyA U wT IlO t. ont hbe pr emIb es, HoU , 5 7 t b dy pio sxd tottI orccIscyTW o?ft calY 7b £ - SIaddoz-adrect~ Rcnt-trert--Hotte at a low rot,-7.-li Mesa by prirst e coatrocti, th ar,n--(forequ~ A CoEerraeniet House, sitable for l . h v ome or for boolne Ithas ix bedooms,twe&a 0g_ a7 esnaDorroom, two yaourt sod lIght closes ww-Iasatts..a kitchens, c. The rent lX only £70 neraearat thaa_ , tour years from Lady'dsg last, 1 e ng _el unsse, the nana renewa onadvnttaaostesusswillrSe artluu of the aucioneer, t 5, lfwea-tesrn ,w1.-
