DIRTH-S. On the 1Mth tnt., at Casberland Lodge, Windsor, the Lady Mary Hxd, of a son. On the 14s% inst., at the Rectory, IBlandfsrd St. Uarp,', Dorset, the w:fe of the Rev. Joseph ftanstield, of a eon. h On the 11th inst., at 16, MIoutagueapiaoe, C0spbaas-roaa, the wif¢ of Mr. William Cisttenley, of a daughter, Oa the 15th inst.,Mat laegsedo, the wife of 0. sJ. aie Monro, late Capt. 37th Regt., of a daughter. On the 16th inst., at Derby, Sirs Frear, of a son, On the 16th inst., at!1, L iwa-place, South Lambeth, the wife of JaMes 1 issnq p, EI., surgeon.,oftaeon. On tLeldth let., at Dublia, the wife of Major Bowes, 731 Rsgt., of On MVonday7. the 17th iost., at BLrtley Hall, Lo ver Clapton, irs, Chlristopher 'Ingez lCiddeil, at a actiboorn &~ On the 17th tost., at Weet Wrsttiao.-park, CAnbridgs-hire, Lady V1 atOon, Of a daughter. On the l17th lust, at Peopleton, Worcostesra!,re, the wife of the Rev. amnes Coot, .! a dc.sghter. On the 17its lost., at Chichester, the wife of0 Cejatat Osborne BarweUl Cannou, 97th tego., of a sonB. On the 17tb iust , at Frognal Erall, Hasupsead, the wife of F. W. Tsro, a. .21,of a daughter. On the 13th inst., at 8. 1truaossak-square, Srigsta, the wife of C. G. Mantel, Esq.. of a daughter. On. the 11th inst * at 13, Joh-n-street, Berkeley.s-,,sue, the wife of Thoanu tienry Salitm Eq., surgeon, of a cots. On the lISs test., at 2. Enntssnor.Ptaoe, rldespir& the Hon. iri. Alfred Sarttris. Of a tOnI. On the 18th inst., at 7, Fibsury-sqsre. 're. r, Lvinsshi,a of a daughter. On the 1Sth inst.. at 1, Pack-Ptass, Wtndzial-rosi, Croydon, Mrs. P. & DaiLdy, of a eon. On the lSth teat.. at St. George's Vicarage. Wolverhamptonx, the wife Of the Rev. Cohn Campbell, of a son, On the 18th test., at 13, Brsueswiok-roa Srightos, tLe wife of the REv. John P. Taylor, ot aeson. On the 18th Inlt., at Middlesbro, the wife of S. S. Goodger, Esq., soHlctor, of aeon, On thalSth inst., at Shrowsbury, the wife of J&asea Sproth Esq., of On the 18th inst., at 10, Upper Hliltlmarten Villas Camlden-road, Holloway, the wfe of Sir. iticnard iigius., oi a dasshWer. On the 18th lnst,, at Hiemewvorta alsl, thle wife of Vihliama Henry Zeathuxa, Seq., of a daugh er. stiLIboru.a On the 18tb lIst., at Twickeuham the wife of J. R. Robinson, Eiq., of a daughter. on the ilo Inst,. ati3, Sussex-squars, Hyde-park, the wife of Robert H38anlury, Rest.,5. it . of a son, On the hSthinst., at houthsee, Rants. Mrs. Xe yow Short, of a son. OaWednesday, the 19th Inst., a14, Wellingtonuetreet, London-brhdge, M j _ohn _ _ey. of a eon.
MARRIAGES. On te llh ost, atSt.Mar's Cure. OeriOn Bi-shop, by Rev. E.L Fenne], lLA.,Jame TOXer Hh. Eq., ith Otshy ZT.L. to Agnes Jan. scod duguerof . . £eouu.ILL.,Of Veuoridge, Devo, On he 3thina,,a St Jaee' Chrchf'ieadny,by the Rev. Philip to Mss Jnny nderon. leeeof Coese Matesec lis.(lore Lodge,' On the 18 ii inst., at Trinity Olrsxch, Tdniy-assns,s. liv Frederick ?Poweil Of King8tvn, Surrey, to Eii,,binn, Ulaufater of Mr. Robert Leslie, Waudswsorth-roadt On hetCill1 inst., at Epeos, by tho fAthler or ttie bride, the Bar ToaCrtre, Maute, B3.C. h. rester of C-u,Surr,Y, and late Yelo o tt. oh's College. ?"--, , 1 ist~..Y. second daughter of the R1ev. B. ifradney ItO.oeten, ,L,_ wrof El-oni. On the 18th inst.. at St. George'3, ti5uor,r..lz:,eMr. WiUli~m Day, 'With Georgians, thiird, aughter uf ;tr. lr,iad f sicade, and grand-dAughter of thie tAte Rejv. WLtli~u M. s,sd oE Wt%te Thur. cock, Ester. On te 1th nst. atthepasih enec, teusngnton. by the Rev. FracisHeler,IRA. Fedeici Auust0, iu,,I On,of George leoge, Eat, o Gr~'eion an s.ety-u~o.e. Os sa.iKate, youttogs dauhte ofthelae Dvidtea,.his., f ilsotill.ns NMada.ndLt Onx the 13th lust., S bythRe. jaeos ry. u itley, b tes1ctr. R.Heplon, Charles sfia,l, NVade. It, Ehzseetn, i,coud slioghtr of Mdartin Noekoida, of Saffron Walden. Oa Tues~day, the 11thi iust., at St. Nf3ry's, Stika N'ewington, by Rev. Thos. Jaction. Nf.A.. des. bmeh, &q,~ of .,-.og ioses, liregmond. wine, to ucissia, yosangUSt daugater of cApt.. loho Iions, Ot -Deytford. On the 1Sth inst., a, the parishi ohureil, LAncister. by the Rev. F. G. Hopwonod, necsor of %Viasene, Lao aoe-. Houry Arnuunnol Jed r,,i. cusbeom of SnKUal, otl. uh-h'e,lle Is idlino,r Georgiu4 Kathlerine, taird daughter ot Zdcanind George, riOnusY, &3q., of 0asiit-Paric Lancaster. Oa Tuesday, the iSIb ie.', at St. ilteniien's Cheh,=bSbeiherd's-bush, by the iter. - liolaward, lf5tsvr, MAmuos &s1 . of' Xing-street, St. Jameis-oeoosre. to, J.ne, yotuegeA, daughter uois cu 1to Joins Emery, D3 I.. of Kemnptno jt, erIwnus, Bedlorashure. O)n the 18 th inst., at St. 'itry MAAgcisens's, Hst-fngs. by the ZRev. W. W. Riuins. Utrinds Grabha,n E51. of tue Gross, BlauxaeAth, t Elle., yooufest dtaguglwr ot Mr. Johna Nsoth, uf klopl.r. on the 18th lust.. at Halieslud, nesr Cfsamerield, by thie Lord Bit]op of LishSield, assisted by the 11ev. lienry AsnolI dviner , Alfzee, yoangest eon of Lieut..Colo,,el 011eier, of eottnnist wiltt. to Maru, the diaughter of A,ccodeseou 1111, of 1iasiand Hadll. Osrb3shlre. on the tilstt seat., at St. Jemruas C.iisueh. bY the FIer Bferkeley Stan. hope. Grass us Robes-s Henry 6umnsrse,t,' oaxteter. .1-l,w, eldest mua of the late Rsglt Roun. Lord Grauptle hmiuerust. to Emsma, secoud daughter of Sur Georgo D~aswvcd, Biar., of Krintnpu Oxf.,rds3hire. On Tuesday. the 18th inst., at Strexthamn Church, Sury by h Rev. Dr. Engn0,h, lnuCumtent Of Brentwsood, R,x,Chrleesy Horthes litanley, Esq., o. Alselidoxastre, HdUOVer".u,stoElnFue, daughter of the late Unaxles B4rry. Lsq.. of Jermmynstreet, Slt denie's. On Tuesday. the 38th inst.. at St. Jamues's, Whlitehaven, by the 31eT. jotn RibiusOn, rector of owaoese augsaust Litelder, of Whitehaeen, solicitor, seeos,d Soo of Gserge HIteder, or (G-4t J,nses.treet. dfsedfo,d. row, Waoudn, iilnnitor. to h4izabeth!, onl)y denoustcor of tue lawe Wilian,m jacesoni, Eat., of Wrsstoehvee. 0is itnote, h ISiS ines- at lit- Polts'n (Ehiss, rhteesrqus,, by the Rev. T. F`uiier, &r 10k AL Dlavenport, 66thl ifeg. to M'ary Nichola. eldes,t ctaeghter of the late Henry .'laetin Blake, Eat., of thle Reath. county m.ins. and Lisdoff, conusy L.Oalway, and granddasghte of.Robert llrruch, Luq.. ot .'nos,tvao Ca:tlo, c,..ooy of nteLwy.y Irelaend. On the 13th lust., &1 the -d,bbsY Chureh, Batb, by tne Rev. Henry lItssdaunt fIettier. incumbent ot (darist Chtose, L)errry.hilJ, aseistedt by the; Rev. Retry Stevenis James Aiouso, Soss.. zNt.t)_ 8UZeoa.E,fajer Coldiasreaus iu-t,, ta 51iesa, linedl daughter of the into Colouel Dns±n, of the Bengal Li6Lst Cavalty. A.t St. Michael's Chureb. Gloesater, by the Rev. Charles Hardwicke, George H. Lovegenens. Esq., of Glocsester, durt:ou, us Sdary E'Lizabeta Ann, eldeit daugirt-r of Air. AlderLusn tResie, of (hoceestee. At the Casc:is of Idols Triesty. BrompIt-n by tee F_v. J. Trons, D.D., Fairles, nun of Jhni WVirtineion. E5q-, -it tell1ima Villas, Bronny. ton, to d une Q,insotte, youngewt daughter of tns slte 11ev. Henry Mineot Ifrabam. rector of Ludgvan.is the b esuusY of cornwau, and granddaughter ot tuie late Sir ..ourge Leers, al, of Crojton.parjg, C96rlindge.
DEATHS. On tho lCth inst., at Brghtsn, drowned by t5e npsettijg of a boat Edward John, Olneatgou ot Wy. B. DOnildausn, Lsezghsn.paeLodn aged Ili. -lc,LnZ On the Ilth int., a, Gre it ealvera, agd. 12 years, Isabella Phihlie, eldeet dungltetr ot J. G. J arvls, Esq. On the scor.ing os the 14th inst., at Tidmsington,Slpoa .ta, Mm Elizabeth duilea Malster, aged 110. pt on.Stomr On the 1Ish ithee at her re-iderses, Fa!rlewn, Cisecs-road, St. John'is. wood. aged -*j, -. r-p-ted and samented, Ann, widow of the lata William Green, Es-~. of Le~toustone, Esaex. On tho 16th is. at his residence, Clarendoa.sqrre,e Wifiam Qu .waz, Eeq., ot Tipperarl, Ireiaud, aged 6bi yearn. R. 1.', On the tNth Ia. at 7. Gloddaeith,cerscent. Uasedudulo, aged 75, ?,faia Bixtler. of the Knurrir, near uerhy. the wridow of Ralph Butler, Es., tormerly sf Lancater, adu eldest daughter of Wihil.s Wilsoe, P,jq., formerly of Lteda. On Sunday. the 16th bant., at the re,idence of her long cherished friend. hire, do)-y, 6. Oisreuce.terrace. Stoke New ngton, arter a short litnees. Miss Sas-au Weeitbiros, at an advanced ago.L At Hagley, on the 17th irlst., aged 45, Lady Lyttelton, on the t7h inst.. at Chipping-hill Witham, Eaeex, John Edward Walford, Esq.. in the 74th eec of his age. On the 18th inst, at her reeidence, 15, Casmodenstret north, Camden. town. iamah, widiow of the lnto Mr. J ohu Wulf5, of Hfamsnste&d..ro~% aged 77 nes the iSO ilnst., Al 1I, Daudley.Olacg, Harrow-road, Mr. Charlds _a7le_, formerly of Wels, doasersobhire, aged 62. On he ashtes., t Frorce.errce ew-ross. inathe 83d year of herage Jae, elit o J,ne '4ant Es~.,of71, Cheapside, Loudan, On hu 1thisa., t Dnnigln-govenes ?,wbu Henory W. J. At her residence. 3, Mars lanid-terrsoe, I eytonstone-roA Stratford, Essex. fits- Osso,ue hlartea Tsjju, ageJ 66 ye*rn
PA-RUAMNTAY llTELLIGENcR -O Ol OOMONS, WEDNSA AUggar 19. The SP?Wx& took the chair at 12 o'clock. NEW ME!MBR Xr. ~ ID EDWADS BE]R.. '' Ir. ED WARDS took the oaths and his seat for Beverley. PETITIONS. petitiOns were presented by Mr. AY TN, fromn the AssocPotion f er Py ing the Repeal - of the Taxes on Know- ledg, payin foe rpealof he ape dty; and from the easp assojton, and from In aabitantstof Rthcity *h ofi Gls- of Ashtonnder-yues and o Roobdale, praying for a repeaf the Acts requiring the regsation of newspapers and secority from the publishers thereof. RAILWAY PROXIES. Mr. GRIFMaT gave notice ths6t early next session he woud call the attentiozL of the Eouse to the operation of the existing law or practice relating to the use of proxios noting on dinsSons of questions m debate at meetigs of railway camp eeby whch tarequired thtsumch proxies shoud be executed ana lodged for erap1oiment many days beorelithe constituents wer.e acquainted with the nature or th t;e nderney of te subject to he dscusie-i T IRISE VICEROYALTY. Mr. ROEBUCK gave notice that early next session he weud call the attention -0f the House to the subject of the abolition of the office of Lord-Lieutenant, and move the appointment of a Secretry of Stxte for Ireland. THE HIUDSON'S BAY COMPANy. M. ROEBUOK also gave notice that early next session he should call theattention of the House to atsubject of still greater i tpo%tne.-namely, the relations between this cosntry an the lrsdson'a Bay Compan'. IMPRISONOEIT FOR DEBT. In reply to Mr. HADtELD, Sir G. GREY declined to give a promise that in the next seasion the Government would lntrodu6e a Bill to abolish imprisonment for debts contrated without frud, but statei a the subject was under consideration. SAIRE OF OBSOEKE BOOKS, &c., PREVENTION BILL The House went into committee on this Bill IJ oon the firt clause, oir tE. PERY, who has charge of the Bill, aid he would adopt the sngestion that two Justices should have the ovwer of issuing a warrant under the Act, and that two *nstiees shonld decide the eases instead of one. He would also ascept the amendment of the hon. and learned member -for the Tower Hamlets, making some overt act an esential preliminary to the instiution of proceedings, and he would conset to an appeal to the quarter sessions being given. Mr. ROEBUCK said he should not offer any Opposition to the Bill as amended. But, in justificationi of a statement lat Wedesday which the hon. member for Horsham (Mr. , S. Yitzgerald) sai was a libel on the magistracy of England, he be,=ad to read a letter from Lord Brougsam, In which his loraship said, " In cae any one disputes the possibility of amagistrateusingan Actmadeforone urposae to eccom. plish another, you may remember tnat in ISi I presented a petition from some poor men who were imprisoned for nonpment of what is called Queen Elizabeth ' shilling. They were brought before a justice for poaching, and from some normality could not be convicted. So tbe worthy magistrte at d if they had been nt church last Sunday. It apweared they had aot been to church for four Sundays, so forthwith they were fined 4s. and the costs, and in default were comnitted. UpozL the petition being presented, Lord Lyndhurst, who was then Chancellor, obtained theirrelease andIdoubtiftthe justice ought to have beenleftin the Commission." (Hear. llr. AYRTON moved his amendment to require a pre. .iminarv overt act-sviz., to leave out the words " sech facts as shall" and inaert " that one or more articles of the like character have been sold, distribated, exhibited, lent, or otherwise pablished as are8sad, at or ia counnxion with such place, so as to." The amondment was agreed to, Several verbal anendment, Inteanded to carry out the alterations announced by Sir E. PFRuy, were Introduced Into the clause, which was then agreed to. 'Ae remaining clauses were also sgreed to. li3 JOHN LOCKE moved an additional clause, giving an appeal to quarter sessions from the magistrate or jus- Sir LB PERRY had no objection to the clause, trhich was secordingly agreed to and added to the BilL The House then resumed. DIVORCE AND M&TRDIONIAL CAUSES BILL~ The consideration of this Bill Wmas remued in com mitiee. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL brought up a claumse. ahich he proposed to substitute for clause 8, relating to the conttution of the court. It was to the effbct that the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Juastie of the Court of Common Yleas, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exohecoer, the senior puisne judge for the time being of each of the above-mentioned courts, aud the Judge of the Court of Plrobate shonldhe the judges of the new court, The hon. and leaned gentleman remarked that the only alteration vas the addition of the senior puine judge of each of the tbree courts in common law. The clause was agreed to. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL saubmitted anothez clause empowering the judge of asize or any other person named inthe commission ol assize or ni p-us,the chairman or aadstant-chair.an of quarter sessions, and the recorder, who were the judges nominated to exercise the local jurisdiction created by theBil, to impanel juries and hear and determEine petitions precisely as the court itself would be able to do. and also providing that the orders of such local tribunals should he entrand treated in every respect as if they had been originally made by the court. Mr. RENLEY thought that the clause failed to provide the local tribunals with the requisite machinery for exercising the powers which it conferred upon them. He suggested that the officers of quarter-sessins, both in boroughs and counties, should be available for that pur. The ATTORNEY-GENER&L reminded the right hon. entleman that under the 34th clause the court had power to make rules and orders upon the sheriff for procuring uries. The words of the clause now proposed would give telocal court the same power. M Yr. HENLEY did not see what machinery was provided tor the local tribunals. hfr. AYRTON remarked that the court6of assize was a 6prt hpa c rice only, and until the commission was opened no steps could be taken. MN. S. FITZGERA.LD thought it would be objectfonable to give the decision in matters of fact to quarter sessions when any numnber of magistrates might attend. Mr. LLER dispproved the court of assize as a tribural to carry out is Bill. Ie also admitted there were objections to the quarter sessions, but, upon the vhtolbelieh6ved they were the best existing local tribunals to hch this busness could be entr,se- MIfr. PUJLLER considered that the quarter sessions w s o best local court thatcould be selectedfor this plur Mr. BOVILL conceived that it would be very difflicult for the Judges of assize to perform the daties which were prposed to be imposed upon them. The ATTORNEY-GENER&L said, If the committee pleased he would withdraw this claue, and upon the report would re-introduce the original claus. (ltear, hear.) .He wrould also take care to insert such words as would make the whole machinery of the courts of assize and quarter sessions applicableofor business to 'oe done in consequence o E The clauso was then withdrawn. The ATTORNEY-GENBRAL next proposed a clause providing that a husband might petition for damages to be paid by the person who had committed adultery with the p oner'swife. The claim so made should be tried in the samo manner and upon the saene principles as the existng action for ' crim. con.," and if damages were recovered upon the verdict of a jury, the court should have power to direct in what manner they should be applied, whether stled upon children, or for the maintenance of the. wife, or tu any other manmer. Mr. BOVILL observed.that the clause virtually restored the punishment of the adulterer, and afforded some com- sation to the injured husband. The Bill, however, proIdto bebased upon principles of mutual equity between the husband and 'wife, but there was no provision that the Injured wife should receive damages. He would suggest that if the husband could recover damnages an iniured wife shoauld be adllo ved to claimn darnages from the husband who Mr. ADAMIS cordially thanked the Attornoy-General for the clause, which was a very reasonable one, for it would have been very hard to absolutely deprive the husband of all claims for ooMpensation from the adulterer. There were cases in wrhica sruch a divorce was not sought, but in which, nevertheless, the adulterer ought to be made to suffer for his wrongdoing. He (Mr. Adams) had known of an instace in which a married woman, possessing very reat personal attractions, was employed in a mill, and by oer earnings was enabled to support a sick husbaud and two young children. She attred the attention of the overlooker in the mll, wvho made dishonourable proPosas to her, wiliCh she at t rejecte, but afterwards, overoome by his importunities, and with the alternative of starvation for her children and husband, she permitted herself to break her marriage -vo, In that cas the husband, whenL he rne "t thO facs, did not wish for, a divorce against the woman who had sinned indeed, but sinned from a feeling of aSfection. The only resource for the poor husband was to demnod damages from the manwsho had seduced the woman under such cirmunstanoes Tora meet such cases the provision o? the hon. and learned Attoney-General would be most valuable. Mr. MALIdS Observoe that the clause ws a oomplete substitute for the old ac"on for 'ervla. con" The clause, boweer, did not define positijelywbet should be done *lth the damages when rhcovered. Mr. BUTT approved the olahq,but wether in its Presen* shaPe, It- would perm,pit the wife to be hearl an her own dci'enoe upon sanyprodigf ,WgV ba adulterer. nfras-esanta Mr.r AYRTON exPlained L'p. thos who had divliWthe preios eenng gans' te"laue~~ albolsWd the would provide some substitutero. Mr. PULLE ruj~etts t~t he overnmen had io pubUc, as he believed one of th objections tha bad been raised against the old ction for I' cshi. con." was that It led to the hicdl0o of objectiosable details. la should also liks t&oW snowho Wss to finilAtoney to enable the wife to defend herself. With respect to claims for dnmageheh thought they must be Tery carful 'not to enoorage womuie to crumit adultery in order to benefit their hildren.- Mr. MALiNS wishedl to know whether the right to petition for damages was Iiminit to case inx 'which there was. a petiton for divorce or for judicial separation. The ATTORNEY,GRIMR&J Intmated that the clause was not so limited. The dause was then read t fcond tihe, ana aded to the the Adu ORNe w Gu NERAl apeed a voaue io the eWth b t ttwhen uylercit n of the r of Enpladd e'hould refuse to perform the mvzrriepcmemozy between, peoh washo but a or such rdefsad vould bm entidcldtothe peforanece oft tral established it should be lawful for suy other minister of the ch.rch of Englad licensed within the dcls lw whith the padea s eonddd to perforade sttuh Thr. MALN said, ie woufd bo ighb repugdaunt to the feelings of the cergy to open thelr churches for the nglr foruose of th e marria e oermony tc cases where thet could not porform it themselveaf le objeuted theentore to tpe romproma e o no propon, It t sy difrtoulty should thso a as to the celebration of theside marres thpft diomuculty might be met by a shore Act at somefture tivao te Sfi G. GRE oberg top their clhuse ha f been brought up in fullment of the promise rmao yeiterday by hes hon. and lenned form it the mttorneye oneraLc The object of the couse wmpomi nwuble divored pIfen to bd marriod iu their pmish church by a otAmtan who did not our jet t to do Bo, when it happened'tha thi ae segyman of the pbrish had conscientious scruRles which prevented himl doing so. In the fase of ftge prihes such eproeiriona bas necossn othe:lase considerable inconvedpirnoe might brisem Mhr. PApaiLL &hkerln wbatway aclergmaan dis to be ctoupelled to open his church to another for the performance of thesem narges ? A clergyman might object to do so, and be backed by his bishop. Sir G. GREY thought the case supposed was not likely to occur. He oould hardly conceive it possible that a cler. gyman and his bishop would set themselves so directly to oppose the law. Mr. HOPE thought this proviso ws calculated to do away not only with all the graoiousness but with all the benefit of the concession made lset night by the AttorneyGeneraL (Rear, hear.) It appe that though the ob. jecting clergyman 'ws rot to be compeled to perform the marage service himlself in the case of divorced Vrties, yet he was to be foreed to open his clhurch to another clergymanz who would be his curate pro h4c vice, to perform the sr,ce. (Hear hear.) He was to be forced to admit a substitute to do that which he would not do himself because he regarded it as a profanatIon and b sacrilege. (Hear, hear.) And in whose behalf was this to be done xIn behlf of persons who had committed a great sin in the sight of G . and man. (Hear, hear.) The nice scruples, fine feel ings, and delicate susceptibilties of these persons were to be carefully guarded, and they were on no accout to be put to the shame and disgrace ot being married out of their parish churcb. (Hear.) The Home Secretary spoke of the difficuties that might arise in large perishee, but the proper remedy in such casesws to permit the solemnization of mirrages in every church in large towns. He hor ed &tha this proviso would not pass.as lie was annious twhat 'watvas Mr. AYRTON thought the members on the Ministerial aide of the House had reason to complain of the statements made on the other side, that there was a unanimous feeling Resterdayin favour of the oencession made to the derg beteved the proposition respecting the clergy woud have been almost unanimously rejected by the members on the Ministerial side, had It not been that they rere promised a qualication which would reserve the rights of the laity. (Hear.) There never was a greater concesson made to per sonal scruples than this. They heard yesterday from the right hon. gentleman the member for the University of Cambndge, that it was the docirine of the charch to recogise these ma e and yet they had &iven In to the scruples of individl clerman on the subject. He did not now complain of that concession, but he objected to the attempt beingmade to separate that concession fromthe question now before the House, and regarded that attempt almost as a breach of faith. (ear, hear.) He contended that great injustice would be done to the laity if the condition proposed by the Attorney-General were not accepted by the House. The use of the church was a rtight vested in the laity as much as the right to minister in it was vested in the clergyman; and the laity had a right to say that, though they would respect the scruples of their mhiister, they would nevertheless insist upon having the nse of the parish church for purposes not Inconsistent with tho doctrine of the church of England. (Hear, hear.) Mr. NEWDEGA.T objected to the clatue as an attack on the parochial system of the country. Mr. RIDLEY expressed his surprise that any attempt should be made to separate the concession of yesterday from the propsal of to-day. It was the understanding of himself, and he was sure of mray others, thatt he concession to the clergy was accepted by the members on the Opposition side, coupled th the proposition now maade by the Government. Lord J. MANNERS denied that the Oppositlon had entered into any agreement to support this proviso. 80 far from that, they absolutely voted against the concession, because they believed that, connected with the present proposition, it would be only a partl concession to the conscien tious scruples of the clergy. (Hear.) He was surprised yesterday to hear the Attorney-General say that he was Destowing a fatal gift upon the clergy. He could not at the time see how a concession to the conscientious scruples of the clergy could be regardedas fatal; but, viewing that concemion in the light thrown upon it by this proviso, he thought there was good reson why the Attorney-General should have described it as a fatal gift. (Hear, hear.) If this proviso were added to the Bill it would give rise to aU kinds of disunion and heartbrnings. It was an invasion on the parochil system, and the first attempt which had been made in the history of the church to give power to a dergymuan to oelebrate rites in any church without the consent of the incumbent. No doubt the clergy were bound to obeythe law or to redgn their cures, but that ws an alternative which the Government could scarcely contemplate with indifference, At the present moment the eat body of the clergy of the church of Prussia were onlykent at their posts by the connivance of the Government at their violation of the law on this very question. The State knew that to take steps to eject the clergy for their disobedience of the law would be to bring about a state of things infi. nitely more mischievous than the present. Baron von Gerinch, in speacing on this matter, allowed that there was an element of lawlessness in the conductof thelergy. "But," he said, "this defiance of the law Issacred; it is the germ of Dilvlne ight - it is llke what took place in Jerusalem when the Apostles said, 'We ought to obey God rather than man.'" It became, then, a matter of expediency, and no lover of his country vrould say that it was wise and politic in a matter like this to drive things to such a point that a large section of the clergy would be obliged to consult together whether they shoud dobey the law of God or the law of man. (Hear, hear.) The Government professed to have made a concession for the sake of peace, but could there be anything more calculated to lead to dissension and disunion than this proviso with which It was clogged ? Tho question had been argued as if the clergy were seeking to impose some hardship upon the Laity, but nothing could be aore absurd than to put the questlon in that form. urely all the laity were not adulterers, nor about to become so. Admitting that the Legislature was bound to violate the consciences of a large body of the clergy oat of regard for the feelings and ousceptibilitile of adulterers and aadulteresses, this clause, in reality, did not consult them. Was it at all likely that persons in this unfortunate position would clam to be remarried in the parish where their first and purer vows ware reowrded ? They would be moreliely to seek to be married in some other church, here thei history was not know. (H he s give a cordial vote against the clause, te ar t Hsould Mrx. PULLER thought that this proviso had been sg gested withoute onsidering the rat offence which wit wouldb mert adsredly give to the consmences of the clergy. There was no great necessity for it, for there would be. generally speaking, little sympathy 'with these divorced persons, and if an adultenreha to go to imother parish to reside three 'weeks before being remarried the general feelng would be that it served him right. If those who had to seek about for a clergyman to remarry them were restricted to clergymen vwithin the same diocese the enactment would be n dead lettr, for no clerya would be disposed to encounter the odium and il-Seeintg which would be engen-. dered by lhi taking possession of his neighbour's churcha andjmeforingthre sevic whchwas opposed to the of ESngland; thosewho were opposed to them would bably enunciate their vie'wt,Er,om the pulpit, butho greassy would the respect of thie congregatioi for their p asor be diminshed if they saw a neighbourn clergman brought into their churc to perform a mriag which the dayt beor they had bgeen told from the pulpit was contrary Sir D. NORREYS supported the amendment. Sir W. HEATHCOTE Said that this amendment was calculated to deprive the concession made yesterday of all grce. The proposition of the Government met the scruples, perhaps, of h sf thealergy, buttherewas no reason why even that partial concession should be clogged with this restriction. He viewed with the greatest alarm this first in. vasion of the paohiul sysem, and, if logically carried out in future leIslation, there was no telling what harm it might do. 1twas not fair to say that the opposers of this anmendment were guilty of a breach of faith, inasmuch as it had formed part of the compromise effected yesterday; for ha and those who had acted with him had divided against the Attorney.General's proposal. Unacceptable as the original proposition of the Attorney-General was, thils greatly increased his objection to it, It woold lead to all manner of discord and il-feeling, and he should therefore give it his cordial opposition. Mr, BUXTONsaidtherewasagreat difference between the 0onoesson made yesterday and that now demnded by the hon. gentleman oipoede That rted on a conscientious scruple, hut this waa merely founded on a personal feeling, arising from a mistaken notion that the incumbents were proprietors of the ohurches. Mr. HENGLEY thought that the hon, gentleman was drawing rather a subtle distinction. (Hear, hear.) The incumbent, he believed, had always been helldto have a pro. perty in the chueb, ana no lergymn ould go intoa church and celebrate Divine servic there without the congi.t of the incumbent, Unler it could be shown that sone injury would be done, the proPostion ade I¶the Govern. yen yesterdwa ouh.t nr to be clogged UKvittbis reaca tlon, .Whioh wrw the grtear Dconnnience-tRt in adlterer who wished to rema yebtquli, I~Jr* cla4Ag#4 ofthis arlash obectedito rewaytunulbe obig'edto and reside three weekss in another piarish,or kt violeneo shur be,put upon the consclenoes of the olergy? It w6old.have been far eawie to wU iantil th,o apprahendea incox~. venience had arisn, and then to makoe'hn. law to weet It. He believed that the inconvenience would never aris becauso if it. were not insted upon as a right many cleva men wvold admit others to their ohurches who would lkic. against it if it were made a matter of law. What a scand this provision would create in small parishes, where every. thing was known; and in what a diffilt position would it place a clergyman who was asked to perform the marrage ceremony in the church of another parish I Sir T.0. CTERVOIR- smpported the claue. Mr. STAPLETON asked whether under this clause a clergyman who objectedte marry the parties would be conpelled to puablish their bamnns lMr. GRIFFI! did not think that the benefit proposed to be obtained by the clause was worth the scrifice which mus be made for it, and he should therefore votS against it. The committee divided, and the numbers were- For the clause... ... ... ... ... 7S Against it ... ... ... ... ... 3 MAjority ........ . -40 The clause was then read a seSnD time. Mr. NEWDEGATE, thinking that the adoption of th-i clauso had created a diffiEclty, moved to omit all the words after the word "t tA," and to insert these words :-" Thi, court which pronounces ths sentence of divorce shall grant to either of the pereons whoe marriage hu been thereby dissolved a license entitling such persons to apply for the performance of the marrage ceremony to the ineumbent of any pansh not being the -Rsh in Which such person ra sides, and such license shall 6nable any inc ent of each parish to marry such persons. Sir G. GREY objected that this was not an amendment, but a newv clause. The CHAlRMAN decided t"ht the motion of Mr. Newdegate could not be entertainLed. Upon the question that the clause should be added to the Bill, Mr. SPOONME suggested that It would be desirable to Introdtce into it a limitation of the tiimes at which mar- iages might be performed under it;* otherwise an incum. bent night oe required to surrender his church to another clergymen while he wfas himself using it. The A ORMY.GE&RAL aid,there was no ground forthi apreensoL he awin hatrepect would reisupeily as at present. ogldn r.W LOLE, having stated lasetnight that the con. cession made by the Govemrnent was lkely to givegneral fAtisfaction to the clergy, felt bound to say that he thougt the addition of the clause, which was both ungracious and uncalldi for, woald entirely estroy the good effect of that concession. It was introducing a new *0rincD, Which must necessaxily give offence wo those o wom ah ih sion was made, because it interfered with the parochial sstem, and vwas calculated to produce differences between cO en living in nelphbourlng parishes. If it were call into operation, whicn he believed it never would bha It must diminish the authority of the clergyman in his own parish. Even now he would put it to the Government whether it would not be wrse to withdraw this clause. He regretted that they had accepted a proposition which was thrown out merely in the courso of the debate, and which would remove all the grace of their concession. The clause was then added to the BiL. Mx. r'ULLER raoved the introduftion of ., clause makidng the adAlterer a co-resndent to petitions presented for a Judicil separation on the ground of adultery. This pro. vsion bd been already made in the cas of petitions for the dissolution of marriage, and he believed it to be more neces. sery in thLese cases After some conversation the clause wn negative& The preamble was then agreed to and the Rouse resumed. The Lords' amendments to the folowing Bills wer on. sidered, and, with few exceptions. ameed to .-The Lunathcs :cotland) ill the Boundaries of Burghs E3 xtension (Scot ~~iau Marriedee ondeedan and the Valution of La°nds (rScolavndl) Bil.t IersB, The hLorJds' asmsendm ents to the Coinmons' amendmentg The Mersey Conservancy Bill was read a third time and passed. The House adjourned at 5 oclock. Mr. W. V&SrmuAr paired ag&inst Governaent on Tuesiday with Mr. TxOro=my on the Divorce Bill. We ar3 requested to state that Mr. J. G. DODSON was by accidental circumstauces prevented from supportng Major Warburton's amendment on the Divorce Bill.
PARLIAMENTARYN01PICBS. HOUSE OF aOOMONs. TRnunAv- A 91o ORDERS OF ST:l T-At At12 o'doeoki - Divro and Matrimoni Causes Dl,-As amended to be oon aides-ed. Sale Of Obotene Booh, &e,- Preention Elli,-As amended to be Con. sidered. toTMI OS P M05OTI5ON At 12 o'clock, tenor the er r dor townshps in the roenties of Anca&bire, Saffolk, heaInd Gloceersree respeaioely. of thet number of tnments aesed to the rats for the s-aot of the poor made next before the rate nuow 9ectiog; spec lag ibesanouneof such rate, the number of aeaoen. meuteatedns!er£ annal vaue, a Lianunde A5 9at£ atnd LII at£12anduner II,at 15andundr £0,at £20 and uadoer respectively ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 42 od boe Ofthe,numbur of tenements asse nbed:at each of the several valuea f which the occupierbr havelbeen excusg sonfar as the "sme anI An,o h umber and anmount Of Complositions with owners ot smalltnmns Ocoserton of Divorce and Matrimonial Causas Ill, as amenenonts to be proposed, OtDmoS OF TaC DnY1 A&t the Evening ln Mffiti BM-Tbred ming. Doiwch ollge EII.Conldemcaho of L,ords reasonis for disagree tagfrm sveal f he omone' amendmente. Crowed Delligs faveniosBII-Coonmittee, NOxIOxs Or MOTIONis, At the Evening Situting r. elCorth.-To asi the Iertaiy tru thet oTreamr whethwe th e teppointhed ~trotfrImv the reeU bu o benldmunlowto bempenloyedonte andcDubl haverieDt b zeen onaly resettled and, iaf so, hte hecnrc Mrs what aTep wth woermet htDare takeng to oarsplete theWI catiny n lmandingof mailse mandm assnger BatKngatownane. Mr. Spoone.-To ask I whedthePor awy reofcrt ah boend tooeattedfo one peronmswhse i kers Apointesda thae = beng suspendto Inq_ Inoncmth ianoes hot woe anderwardget renewedticktsorat theirdtanr wdithout atrton oMrelieinutie onaof hei peuni tany portuuion ote,, Mr. Macafy,-ToAddrInheven for aop oor Lwcnmedioentered fWll pwerto tho furom bin sala0ryteamounSt paIb Ooheny for hssbti.) Coon uel bearing. datekIti true ntha offine,s who are tobe sIp by. Eohe rrsn.y asku what ctey aretakin Autoromleiath malls wa Eomnicandtion ebotwee Madra ptand En AJoexad. , Sue. Returnesseotank worhether n rumeport hasybsoo rcived fro tshe Commigsioner apontd hyohe, proectingth pow Ui o a rothe Onanes fOee Botamtnd f" auds Alepandia rm bt e twen Sez nd olbmme- aso,anldo pe athite lr mSbete radmnistraton-aillreievel~ teconsoldatwtedfunofl ane posimount (if ti analred chaige or Ieduted rstonthe GcontraLoan geuaeranteed by Grea nrmta ttswich Igeo paid.hrepao l ml mlylb Mr.eo si olzoytractisn,focpyf the Asreuaportl oerthe Camudm0les onf an oommted toinquir tweintothe Treguatins yctn the drcosani taeBry on geaon ofnth Ausrmlia,th RoygalMat ilitomary hsials, and she tRoyal t. inent 0kethesc omand wound ted ve, fUM1&MtU ad*M pr. t, benable tb- or the ronegultion of merkewts andtfairs,i q6u- r. es artndes,-addroeefo compay,o any al teram t entersed bynth withm theoErophesai d uniomtia Stacompany frteefomaeor the-
'Advrtiment -W l&s TewMaps Of Jhdla.-Indla_ Id'sNow ap o tdi. wih aUtheivil and. Witty Staions,, TL. Cd India and the B3urman 1_% n set e: os.s Inia 4o~ls;l cse l. ams Id1g~gsher to the QUee, OhWct eecast, opposite Nortumberai.tet 0 oe.av2.RYaIxchange. ltJOM o,4 [Adveffisementk"Web.tr's NOW UniVerSal Pronoun. ame)ded o th en CUOSr f te noglih Ltnguage," cirofully, amened t theendof I816 dein Svo, OlOth, price lee.. oondens..d frot loahWebtess 1sgeos r beA -610rich,to which is sded Walker' Key to the peounon tion of Caietul and Scriptural Proper Xabeus abbieviatiOnS used In writing. rintjng, &O. ala,, "'Webs4er's Fooket Pronouncnric ti onWe,, price It. Cd. cia~, Is. roan. fleviced edition, bY WMIiaM 0. Webster, "Webstee's Dictionary fOr the M1111fn," Pcjoeh It. cl.oth, or in linenboads,pioe is. Now edition ot " Weaes gnprjce is.250=enralg by emineat artist. "WebO-ete'Eei oo euluIg iutraited. Is. 6d. Loadon, Ward Zndlack, 1. BFleekt-stceet I [Advertisnent.1-'. The Pic-Mel Papezr," edited by Obitrla Dickw. a llustrated with steel engravings by George Cruickshank and Phlz.Ju n y" The Plo.N"rpm yChre Dk ,W.)LMaxwell Mm sStK&smd,Thomas Moore, IL.Ritohla. Allan. Cunningham, Rand other oelebmted writers. Ckown 8ro. ttO hm lot. ilt.prioe 5Y uniform. with the "Plckwick rPsewe." e indiW vr¶iet and sttin mraits of this sl flao enttertatnIn book. aided by the numerousl and capital Ilinstra me-1o Ornckzh=n and Phiz, with the gret advantage of beius edited by CharleaDickens, V. must at ones damp it ae an intensely Interesting volume. Luond; Ward and Look, 158, Piset-etreet. _ Advertiseenentj-John Casse llon the Temnpersune etAoem-dlon aasen AnU1lar7 in the Promotion of Edncatl'n and the True Eevation ofthe Peple.--just paUNsheI price ld.. "The Grest obstwce to Education:Pacts domnetrativeoi the cues~of the non. attendance or premature wlthdrawment ot tbe chIldren of the opera. tive climes fronm ~pool. Wi.th an appeal to the promoters of education. suggested by the recent Eduseloattu GOnnereoc under the pr~Wdency Iof his Ro-a Hizhnees the Prince Consort." -By John Casse1l. Tihs pampblet conztains the testlrnontes of Chaplains of prionas and other gentlemen conversant with the anasOfIgnorance and Crime A% tG} th obtef hindrance to the education and moral culture of our Juvenile nopuiatioo als rugeinas to the beet mode of remedying the evil. Vwndonu, W. ectut and.Co1 Phternoster-row. and aul booksellems . Adverfiwmlea.j.-3' 'The Momozgof St. Siuonl"'forrm a brmilsnt axoam lepiture of thelest yeusofthejfelgnofrLo .ch Iof the men &and women of those days Ithey feint. a storeouse 'at in. -terestin Information. Th ig &Ldmede, Mainteuh. MadaMe. do Montesean, the Kig' lee tma ad lptOmt Chikldren, the -Datheme de Dau! one the -mwith ition. de PRocloe, PensIn ±.ue.Iw, Uarhrboropgh, Pc eEgee n hundreds of othier peat or emaceuoteiharacter.s move througth theis poage, kept in life b the wonderful genius of the noble autthor. For Engish readese howere. the origial memoirse'e far too diffuae. Xr. ilayle St. John ,-As elIminated all bupefnuons matten, And con. denied abaut one-half of thework Into two v6lumes, The result of hi abbourg ls thusdesesbhdinthe"'Press, The ndbilatikou Is lkltoeeWihmu`h favourvmice1book club beingssasdlcouse ~~~ h~~~y Le Sace. -JohuBRuiL.- As piwoskof
(13 fO. -MY-rdRAErTandOITYIRT Wednesdy Evening. The stock-market opened with continued firmness this morning, and soon experienced a further sltlt4provement, but later in the day there was le-s buoyancy, and prices closed at a reaction of a (fiarter per cent. from the highest point. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 91i, were, first quoted at 91* to J, and soon advanced to 91l to j. Some sales were then effected by one of the principal speculative brokers, and, a decline occurred to -091, at which there were ultimately sellers. For the 9th of September the last tramactions were at 91Rg. Bank Stock left off at 214 to 21I5; R~educed, 91* to i; Net Three per Cents., 91* to i;IldiaStocks 212to 21S; Tndma nds, 20s. to 17S diacotmt; and Exichequer-bills, 4s. discount to Tme foreign dtock-nmarket has been dull throughouttAie day, but prices continue to be fairly supported. Peruvian Duollar Bonds were in demand, and closed at an advance. Brazilian Five per Cents. wrefe negotiated at 102; Mexican, for the account, 22#and1 ; Portiuguese,4Q~; Russian Five per Cents.? ll2W;SE ainsh New Deferred, 25k; ditto, Certiticates, 6 ald6i; Turkish Four per Cents. GuaranLteed, for the account, 99t and *: Belgian Fouranda-HalRf per Cents., 94j; Thitch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, 64*; and Peruvian Four-and-a-Ealf per Cent. Dollar Bonds, 57j. The corn-market wsdull this morning at the advance of Monday. The. closing qulotations o£ theEFrench Three per Cets. on the Paris Bourse this evening wrere 67f. Sc for, money and 67'f. for the end of the monthk, showving inl th latter Case? a further decline < f an eighth. In the Stock-Exchange today there was again no dbmiand for money and loans on Governmaeat seurities wvere freely oiffered at 4 per cent. The discount suppily wnalso abundant at a slight reduction from the Bank minimumn. Thi3 state of the maarkQethaaledtosomeconjectures thatan earlyredc-. tion in the Bank rate may be possible; but there is little to warrant such an anticipation. The harp drain which took place during the three wveeks imnmediately succeeding the Last lowering of the rate, altShough it has been arrested, is not repaired, and the whole of the recent arrivals have merely been sufficient to meet the continental demand consequent upon the purchases of silver for the East and the operations of the Bank of France. Itis probable that if the 600,0001. dae from A ustralia were to arrive Imulediately a considerable portion of it would be taken to the Bank, but sven if the whole were to find its way there it would only jast restore theD amount held to the point at which it stood when the decline to 5i per cent, was adopted. Hence, although there is a good prospect that we shall for some time have enough to meet all demsads without any necessity for renewed withdrawlal, it is impossible to calculate upon much more, while it is quite certain that any relaxation in the Bank terms would at once turnl the balance agaist usIt is only from a favourable change in the India and China exchanBges that any conladence can be derived with regard to a permanent return of ease. According to the last accounts the tendency was slightly less unsatisfactory, but the movement rmust be much more considerable to produce any debided effect, To-morrow week perhaps we may be in possession of later advices, and wve shall [ have better materials for forming a conjecture as to jour course for the remainder of the year. itN i8 said that a plan has been submitted to the Board of Control and the India House for estabIslnnirg a postal communication with India sid Asiatic Turkey. It is calculated that by making arrankement.s with the Arab chiefs a mail could be brought to Constantinople in about 14 days, whence its principal contents could instantly be despatched in a telegrapshic message to London by the British Ambassador. As intelligence from India caanot at present reach Enugland in less than from 26 to 28 days,' about 10 days or a fortnight would thu3 be Isaved. The assumption is thlat from Eurracaee to Bussorab, at the hoad of the Perasian Gulf, the time ..ccnpied by tteamer would be four days, and Lthat thence the mail could be transmitted by the IArabs to Seleucia, on the Mediterranean, in four days, froin hich port it would be carried by steamer to Coiitantinople inl five days. Anaother route, which would probably take aday longer, would be from Buorah-to Beyrout, and thence to Constantinople; and a third plan is open-namely, an uninterrulpted land despatch from Bussorah to Constantinople. According to some authorities the latter would be the quickest, and might be accomplished so that, including, the steam, transt from urr:wachee to Bussorah, the entire route should be traversed in 12 dags; This possibiiity, howrever, is questioned, although in confirmation of it the fact is quoted that the news of the fall of Acre was brought by an Englishman from Constantinople to Bagdad in six days. The precise amount of specie shipped by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Colombo is 1,095,014.?., of which 610,0931. is for India and 484,9211. for China and the Straits llearly the whzole of it ls silver, the gold being only 16,3471. The total is rather less than was anticipated, and falls slihtly short of the shipment on the 20th of June, which was the largest of the year, and amounied to 1,142, 6161. A meetinge of the East Indian Iron Company was to have been held. today, but there was no attendance of shareholders. The report rssued is not favourable, owing to unloked-for, but it is hoped temporary, casualties. At one portion of their works, as soon as the furnace had been got into blast, a visitation of cholera deprived them of most of their hands, and the European officer in cha ore was compellednto retarndto Europe for his health. At the old works an attempt to discontinug the manufacture of bar iron by the Styrian method, and to employ the Austrian agentsin other processes, led to an exhibition of incapacity and resistauce on the part of these fersons which necessitated their discharge. The3scarcity of labour, and the consequent difficulty of obtaining fuel, occasioned by the railway works in progress in the district, likewise caused muah interruptiomn StilL the ompany have four furnaces in blaJst, and when the railway is completed the facilities of communication wil prove of great advantage. Mr. Beaumont, themanager, havingapplied for european assistance, a mr. Richardm was sent out on the 4th inst. Meanwhile, Mr. Beaumoutwill pay a visit to l:ondon, and on his arrival the shareholders wipl again be called together. The highest testimony continues to be received of the value of the corpany's iron for the purpose of conversion into steel, and of the increased price it would command if it could be sent home in bars. The expense of the necessary operations for the latter mode, however, would render a call necssary, and. this the directors are anxiousto avoid. The manufacture in which they e at present engag,ed weille in tself bo amply remfneatives if such ara ingements can be made for a continuous supply of labour as shall enable productine to be effected in sufficient quantity. A meeting washeld t dayof ernard's Patent Machie Boot and Shoe Company, which was formed in w June, 18t6, with a nomibal capital of 20, 00m1. mtore, whlae at the eorks in Ranelagh-road, and Sir tRh Bank ten presided. The report, which waith the accounts was nanimously adopted, staAted that ten prg. reslihas leen L sat wing tor uth extensive anda va4ed character of the machinery, which it was desirable 1e bring to perfection, so that the character of the goods produced should be unque3tionable; that all difficulties, however, are now nearly surmounted, and that the manufactures of the company have gained the approbation and patronage of some of the- leading firms in the trade. A desultory conversation ensued, iu the course of which some of the eholders, referring to the promises in the original prospectus, complained of the delay in producing marketable commodities in sfficient quantity to yield a profit. In reply it was admitted that many unforeseen dificulties had presented themselves, but a reiterated assurance was given that the greatest had been overcome. Finally it was stated that neither ,Mr. BernArd nor the directors wIll receive any remuneration for their services until the shareholders are in receipt of an adequate dividend. I Lieutenant Arthur Hawes, of the East India 'Cpmpauy's service, and other officers, have left for lBagdad. with the sanction of the Government and !the India-Company, for the purpose of commencing the construction of the line of the European and fndian Junction Telegra- b. Comp%ny, northward tom l*t town, in comipliance with the recora~mex1daten of Sir W. B. O'Slaughnessy, their conFulting inghteer. The Madalena yesterday was stated to have brought 10,000?. of Australian gogld. It, hould havse beenl Californian I
I BAILWAY A2D J1idtAD;ABE& The railway-market Waa beea 'stedyu but ab ; rath'er flat after offidal hour. Tha .clomn. .offiial quotatidns. of Great WVVeri sh6w a smaxml prove-; meut, but a decline subsequently ook placoe sad the prioe3 at 4 o'cksok were lower tbal at Wbe corre-: sponding hour yesterday. Caledoniaan continued to udvauce throughout' the day. North Stsdorciair were slightly bette; South Wales eeded 2Z. ,;A reduotion occurred in East Indian and Maru In the leading descriptions of French there ws a general fall of 5s. to IOS.; Luxembourg and Dutch Rhenish were rather higher. In mines an improvement has taken plaee in Devon (xreat Consol, East Basett, United Mines, St. John del 'ey, Cobre Copper, and United Mexic4n. ,J joint-stook bank Oriental idvanced lOs1., and OtomtnauBank show more weakness. IuinimcellUeous aecurities Gleeial Omnibus were finm; Crytat Pali.4TihtY declined; sad a heavyalltooklplaoe inNerwBranswick Land. ORBD1N(Y SER I ATIM WYfrwMr
TRADE RAYPORT. -Weduesday. Evealins The tallow-market bas been f dat to-day, edauryviffo early delivery - 63g is tbe on OI h ispot, 62 6 fo. eep'i for Sewember, _tnd MIs. 6L for ladt thme ontb& SUGA--Thers is *, better marketto-day to take off sugw brought forward for sale, and at auction 409 bh%. Ciube Muacovado were disposed of at 46s to Ss for low to toed yellow: 161 boxes Coub, elayed, at 526. t*o4,,; 468 borf 'eUowloHavannab, damaged, 46g. G.to d ; 403 b.k owv soft wbite Siam, 493. to 4a. 6L Prioes about the sameasyesaterday, and more inquiry. Of West India 513 bhab bave been sold. Covyn-195 cass and 200 barrels snd hap pl.nta Ceylon were ispoed o at from 71s. cd. to &34. for fine fin ordinary small to good bold coloury. RIe.-There were no public ailde,ad privatelI onliy i4 tons of BalUmare reported, at lOs. 96. perow. t SAXTPETRL-1,000 bap of Benslibve been disped ef,;' 7 per oent. to 91 per oent. at 49s 6. to 50L Sd; and3i pr eont, fine oolour, at 54s _
2jPO13T ox the P RC4ASE anid SALB of COAEfI7IsrO2LB mn the ARy I. We published on Tuesday Inst an abatract of the teport of the Royal Conmission upon the system 'of urc}hase in the Army. We now saubjoin the keport in full: tirn obedienceto your MAljesty's commasids we have ntered apou this inquiry with a deep sense of the importance of e duty int ed to us and of the responsibility which -staches to its performance. Tho mode in which commisions In the rmy are first obtined, and the repuations which govorn the promotion *ad the retirement of officers, are matters which affect the -onstitlon of ous whole mnltay system. Feeling, therefcsa, that a decision upon this subject may infuence for =ay years the efficiency of the British army, we have en-A0voured to collW all the informaion In our power, As Inl from the labours of former commissions as from the >vidence of witnes acquainted with the practisal workdng of the system. An investigation into the influence which the purchase 'system has exercised upon the efficiency of the army is rendered difficult from the fact that long-established usage has -eo far ccustomed officers to the practice that few of our mitvey witneses have ever senously contemplated any -other system of entry or of promotion in the army. Fromn the earliest period of which tbere are any records -of a standing army in this country the sale and purchase of commissios in the army appear to have been authorized. -At the time of the Restoration a military guard was -created to attend upon ithe King. This corps consisted in ithe first instance of the follyowers and adherents of (Iharles IL, of tIs corps the -tovates as well as the office3r ee allowed upon tbheir rctiremneut from the service to dispiee of their appointments by sale to persons who had been 3reviously approved by the King. The purchase of tdvil offices under the Government was that period openly recognized; the adoption of such a y*stem in the army as therefore n unison with the custom -of the public servce. When the sitation of Secretary of State could not be -obtained by an eminent statesman withou30t the payment of ,0coi, it is not surprlsing that the Mastership of the Ordanco should have Feen purehaed; and that high military ,oommands should not be resigned without some pecuniary Compensation. In the year 1681 Charle3 II. bought the command of the reimen of udfrom Colonel Russell, and bestowed it -on his sOD, the Duke of Grafton, who had not, as it is stated, been in the army before he received this appoint. enent. "The sale of commissions In the army was prohibited by 7Wiliam 1IL, and by the Mutiny Act of 1694 every offiesr was compelled to make oath that he had not given or prossed to give any money or rewarrd for his commission. In 4ho Mutiny At'. of 1701 this oath was omitted. In 171 a llo,sl ws-rant directed that no conumission should be sold wit'bout the Royal approbation under the sign manuaL In the rign of George I. a board of general officers re. piorted upon the price which should hereafter be pid for cotimmlsstons; and, in aocordance with their reoommenda. tions, the regulations of 1719 vere issued. These regula. *tlons have been altered from time to time, as may be seen from a table in the appendix to this report. The price of commissions In the army is at present rnuedt bythe regulations issued by Royal authority in gte 7es 1621. The Artillery and Engineers have always formed an excqption to the rest of the army, since in these corps the ayetesn of sale and purchase has never been introduced. The anode of eon until within the last twc years was Qtrough the academy at Woolwich, and the Master-General of the Ordnance nominated to the academy. All subse. <sent prom otion in these corps was strictly governed by senionty. Latterly a mode of entry by competitive exami. -nation has been adopted sufficient time has not yet elapsed -to enable an opinion to be pronounced upon its results, sadit is stated that the system isayet to undergo some fur. ticer modification. The Ordnance corps In past 7ears (that is, before the recent -augmentation) will serve to illustrate the progress of pro. ncotion in regiments where no purchase is allowed, and where the rule of seniority ia strictly observed. THE PRzssxNr MoDx OF ENTRING THE AR-m. A person desiring to obtin a oommission in the army -applies to the Commander-in-Chief or to his military secretary. The Commander-in-Chief makes such inquiry as he eney think fit into the character and circurmstances of the -candidate; if he is satisfied with the result, he directs the .nme to be entered in a book for a commission, either with Turchase or without purhse as the case may be. In the three regiments of Guards and in the regiments of 'Household Cavalry the patronage of granting first commissions is vested in the colonels of the respective regiments. The canditate for a commission, whether by purchase or zot, is always sent to the Military College of Sandhurst for ,the purpose of being examinedbeforehe can receive his com- liBsion. The present system of examination was established in the year 1849. Whin a young man has passed his examination he is 4lglble for a commisdon. If he has applied to purchase he : beeappointed to the fist vacancy which oocurs from a retrement nsale;if he has applied for a commission adt parch he must wait until a vacey shall have -occurred by death, when his application mnay be considered, 'te ther with the claims of other candidates. nthe purchaseof thefrst commission the regulation price is never exs~ed The commission is never gazetted ntlR the required aunaah been paid to the army mt. -Some c ns~h wiItfiont purchase ase llyTeeerved Cr the cadets atSad'sbrt who have pased a certain stan-dard of examinaion 'which is of a higher character than the one required of candidates generally. The system of purchase operates very differently in thne -of war and of peace. During the former period the aug. smentations and vacancies from deAth leave open many comissions without purchase, but upenthe conclusion of peece ,the vacancies are fewer, and those whieh occur are in great measure filled by officers brought in from the half-pay ls. Promotion is of two kinds-either army promotion or eginmenthl promotion; army promotion is by brevet, and is unconnected with the purchase system, -This does not, thecefore, come strictly within the scope of our inquiry. Regimental promotion can only be obtained, without rpurohase, when vacancies occur from casualties, or when sugrnentations are authorized. The rule of promotlon by purchase is, that when a vacancy -occurs in the higher ranks of a regiment, from the retireanent of an officer by sale, every officer has a claim, accord. ing to seniority, to purchase the next rank in the regiment, provided that no objectiou to his promotion is made by the commnnanding officer of the regiment, or by the Com-runder-in-Chief. Periodical returns are made from every regiment to the offlce of tbe Commander-in-Chief, showing the names of the officers of each rank who are desirous of purchasing advance. -snent, and the references which they give for the funds mnecessary to effect their object. These returns are certified b_y the commanding officer, who, moreover, states whether the officers desirous of purchasing promotion are fit and qual2iied for the advancement which they seek. If Do qualified (ficer of the regiment presents hiniseH for pur,chas, an Afficer is brou ht in to fill the vacancy from some other regiment or fromn the balf-pay list. Accordingf to the practioe of the army, no officer who is able and willing to pay the regulation price is passed over by another in the same regiment, unless some flagrant con. duct or noterious incapacity should justify the withholding his certificate. The two principles which regulate promotion are said to be-fimts, that no officer, bovever deserving, hball be pro-noted, viithout purchase, over the head of his senior in the same regiment; secondly, that no officer shall be promoted by purcbase over the head of his senior officer in the same regimnent, provided such senior officer has stated his claim to purebape conformably with the regulations. When an officer has reached the position of lieutenant-colonel the power to purchase any higher rank ceases. The price to be paid for commissiols was considered and reported upon by a board of general officers in the year 8l1 It is, ho'wever, admitted that durin2a period of .eace the regulations, although stringently worded, with vhe addition of a severe psnlty ior their infraction, are yet lsabitualljvg. nec>lected, 2md thepice pid, except in the pur-4hase of Kte first commisnion, aiuost invariably exceeds the price flied by authority. An experienced army agent has *etatef that in the cavalry any sum under donble the regu. iatl#iz price may be considered very reasonable. In former yearsa 44-claration was requir'ed from oflicers that they had not given more than the regulation price ; but this was evaded. and therefore disconlunued. To practice, there. fore, of paying sums exoeeding the regulation price must be -considered to be an accompaniment of the purchase system, 'which it appears impossible to prevent. RrurnsEMr. The rule is that an officer wvho has purchased any of his tomminniolns is permitted to retire from the army at any time, witboutreference to theperiod of his service, and to yeceive the value of the commisions which he has purcbased, provided alvways that he has not been guilty of mistondnct. An officer who has purchased all his commissions, and 'who sells out as a lieuteuant-colonel, Is entitled to receive hak, according to regulation, the sme amounat as that which he had paid for his commissons, If he dies in the 4erviee this money is lost to his family. if, moreover, he Is atacked by disease, and is deemed to be in immediate dsnger, he would not be permittd to sell the commitzion which he holds. These regulations have been modified by the warrant of March, 1856, which sanctious therapaentej- to an omcer's widow;, oildren, or other relations, of the regulation price paid for his commions, provided the officer has been klled in action or has died of wounds re ceived in face of the onemy, within six months after being wounded. An officer who has not purchsoed any of his commissions ls allowed to retire by the sale of his commission, after a Certain period of service. A field-officer, if he has served 20 years, would be aJlowed the full price of his commission. Me rule bas been adopted of late yea, allowing an officer 'who has served a shorter time to receive 100l. for each sear o!service, in addition io tbse n paid for any st-ep whic he isay have purchased. Under three years' servioe,however, this permiadionwo-eld ret be granted. In the case of an offlcerwxho has risen from the ranks {he rule is, that two yes in the ranks count as one in com-. iusson, and he is permitted to sell hlsl commission on these OnBIONS Mo DYn TO TsHR o ri HAP1WSYSTze. The practice of buying and selling plac of honour or of esnolnment under the Crown is, it Is contended, vicious in rciple, repugnant to *he puI ntiment of the prest ey, nd eqn inoona wi the honour of the mi. g profeasion and with the policy of the British empire. To demand the PAYMent ofa8.sumof money from a young man who enter the army, and who devotes his youthL, hisx fhesurvives the laboirea nd risks of the service to allov is to receveagai, euofapenio,the =money whIch xe ida to sotitut a q o£ iari y p lxqoutw eileable withuiustic and unknown every other contr tbioughoiut the iFord, - Tin syst*i It tis moreover Aceirined. prdoeas ;l effec: upon the copstitution of the army and impairs its efficiecy. by giving an undue pre-eminence t weal*t, by disEouAging exertion, asod by depressing merit. Under such regulations there is little inducment for officerg to aoquire proficiency In the scence of war or to study the military progress of otheir nations. An officer who performs his routine duties and who keeps a sum of money available to purchase his promotion as opportunitiea offer, may look forward witlh confidence to the attainment of high military rank. While the sbaltern who has Dot the mens to buy advancement rmay serve durng all the beat yeas of his life in distant stations and in deadly climates, yet he must be prepared to see his junlors pass over hin, for he will find thae knowledge of: military science aud attention to regimental duties do not, avail him, unless he is able to buy the rank to which his qualifications entitle him. In time of war every officer who ha paid for his comziulsons must feel that he is exposed, not maerely to the lonS of life, but to the additional risk of forfeiting by his death the amount of money which has invested for the pur. cbase of his promotions, and which might otherwise have afforded a subsistence to his wido* and his children. The officer, therefore, enters into the battle with a knowledge that in hazarding his life he hazards also the future pros.; pects of those who are dearest to him. The regtlation prioe of commissions is a f otion, and the large sums which officers are compelled to psy'for promolion aggrvate the evil effects of the system, This is an evil which is inherent In the system, and which cannot, it is said, be remedied, althogh It operates unfasrly to meri torlous officers and injuriously to the public interest. An officer, for instance, may refuse to retire unless he can obtain a mnuch larger sum than the regulatio3 price6 the next for purchase cannot afford to give this amount, anl he must either allow himself to be passed over or place himself in the inividious positiori of stopping all promotion in the regiment. Cases of this kind lead to trafic and bargaiing among officers, whereby amercn yfeeling, it isalleged, is created mi men whosea guiding rinciples should be a nice sense of honour and a disinterested ttachment to the service Exchanges from one regiment to another and sales to o'dicers on halfpay faclliXte an evaion of the regulations by practices whci the higher atuthorities of the army are unable to prevent. The system of purchase inflicbt other hardships on the les wealthy officers. At the conclusion of a war reductions necessarily take place, and many officers are put on halfpay. Then, if a vacancy occurs in a regiment by the retire. ment of an officer selling his commission, the next for pur. obese equally buys his promotion; but if a vacancy by death occurs, ad the non purchauing officer hopes that his chance of promotionhas at last arrived, he may find to his dismay that another officer is brought in from the half-pay, and that thus even a deathi vacancy does not furter his advancement. Again, it is contended that wrhile the purchase sstem presses so un.'airly'on the less 'wealthyofficers, disheartening men who wish to devote their lives to the profession, it attracts to the service idleyoung men, who, havingmoney at their disposal,, regad the army aS a fashionable pastime for a few years of leisure, and bring with them habits of expense and dissipation ijuious to disipline and embarrasing to their fellow officers, who are often forced to leave a regiment where such an extravagant mode of life pre. In a country where enlistment Is voluntary it should be the policy of the State to encourage men to join the army by rewarding the most deserving with commissions. Bat under the system of purchase a soldier who has been promoted from the ranks connot hope to pin further steps witheut money, 'while even the honourable position he has gained, by bringing him into the soCety of richer men, often renders bis cromotion a doubtful advantage. From the ibove-mentionedcauses it is alleged the efficiency of the army is impaired, and the miltary spirit of the nation is deteriorated; but otber instances are adduced where the public interests suffer mnore directly from the effeots of the purohase system. The coramand of a regiment is an important trust, yet itis admitted by high authority that several officers have attained the position of lieutenant-colonel who were unequal to the command of the regiments which they held. Under existing regulations officers succeed to the lieutenant-colonelcy by purchase, unless they should be disqualified by some notorious unfitness. When they have obtained this comunaud it is difficult for the higher authorities of the armyto remove them. A lieu. tenant-colonel may be iU qualed for command, and his unfitness may have been noticed by the inspecting general in his reports, yet the case may not admit of distinctcharges being brought against him of which a court^martial could propqrly take cogniance. The authorities at the Horse Guards feel a difficultv in exercising the invidious power of reraoving such an officer. Sometimes, as the least objectionable course, they have prop d that he should be put on half-pay, but this burdens e country with an annuity for life foranofficer'whois unfit Fbpuaain on full pay. Here the evil consequences of the pui system are direct and manifest; and when it is remembered how far the issue of a battle may depend upon the efli6tency and sldlful handling of every regiment engaged, it -is diffacult to overrate the possible mischief resulting from the systeml Not only may incomnpetent of cers retain the commnand of regiments, but the Commander of the Forces may not be abeto appoint the officer whose standing and whose qualifications fit him for this pcosition, A emarkable instance is cited where an officer eminently qualified for such command received from the late Duke of Wellington the offer of a regiment, wrhich, from pecuniary circumstances, he would have been compelled to decline. unless other officers had generously come forward to .sist bim with the sum required to be paid for tbis promotion, This c curred during a period of war. If the parchase system interfere thus injuriously with the appointments to the command of regiments, it must indirectly affect all the higher ranks of the army. Whenever the responsible advisers of the Crown are obliged to prep are for the contingencies of war, and to recommend Her M jetty to name a commander for her army ia the field, they must necessarily select from among those who have attained high rank in the army. The great majority of these officers, however, will have risen by purchase, obtaining their rank not from any aecknowledged fitness, but from the current of promotion and the opportunities of buying advancement. This country 'wll therefore commence the operations of war under a disadvantage compared with foreign States, where all the officers in the higher grades wil have been subjected to several selections, and may, therefore, if the power of selection has been honestly and wisely exercised, be all Men of known efficiency and merit. To comprise in a few words the evils of the parchase system, it is said to restrict the number of those from whom officers can in the first instance be obtained ; it deadens the feelings of emulation and the eagerness to acquire military knowledge; and it renders men eligible forthe highest command without taking any security that they are fitted for such a. position. Such a basis for the establishment of an army is, it is said, most impolitic in a country whose military force is necessarily small wben compared with continental States, and 'whose power therefore depends upon rendering its army efficient in the highest degree by the selection of offieers distinguished for their pereonal qualities and for their professional acquirements. Having tbus stated .be objections which are urged against the purchase system, we must, on the other hand, state that the prevalent opinion among military men, as far as we have been able to srtain their views, is favourable to the system, or at least favourable to its maintenanoe, until Fome scheme sball bave been devised which may produce the beneficial results which are commonly ascribed to the system of purchase. The chief advantages of the system are said to be that it I facilitates the retirement of officers, and thereby accelerates promotfon in the army, which would otherwise stagnate during a period of continued peace; also, it is said to afford to officers as ecurity against the influence of favour, enabling each officer to obtain his advancement by his own means, without being dependent on the goodwill of the Government or on the patronage of higher authorities. In order fairly to consider the evidence which has been given in support of the purchase system, it wiU be convenient first to examine its effects upon the retirement of officers. The military force of a State is efficient in proportion as it is ready to take the field and to enter upon the fatigues and bardships of a cauipaign. For this purpose it is essential that the great majority of the officers should not only be well inqusinted with the duties of their profession, but should aso be qualified by their strength and vigour to sutain the exertions inseparable from active warfare, A lengthened period of peace renders It difficult to keep any miitary corps in a state of efficiency; a scheme of ret ment,therefore, which induces old officers to withdraw from the army, and which replaces them by younger men must, it ig said, be benefica to the country; and this benefit is still greater If it be effeed without any cost to the country. In the year 1840 a commission on naval and military promotion, of which the late Duke of Wellington and other high military authorities were members, reported strongly in favour of the purchase system, and declared that the practical advantages of the system had been proved by its effects during 24 years of peace. The condition of the Ordnance Corps, where the purchase system hs never been introduced, but where the systea of seniority exclusively prevails, was contrasted with that of the rest of the army, and it was shown that the officers of this corps, having no. inducmoent to retire, remained in the service far beyond tbeege which wa desirble for the efficiency of thetorp s The commissioon n army promotion, which reported in the year 1854, again adverted to this subject and observed "in the 0 rdnance Corps not onlyte average age of the officers is greater than in the corresponding ranks of the army, but, moreover, the avg is not made up of that variety of ages which Is to be found in the army, and which gives to the pulblic service the advantage of having a few officers in each of the higher ranks of greater physica vigour than the rest." From the report of this commission it is, however, manifest that the purchase system cannot be depended upon as in itself sufficent during a period of peace to secure in the higher ranks of the army a body of offlcers endowed with the physical and men energies requisite for those who may be called upona to superintend aotive opcerations in the field, On this aecoonntthe commission recomnmended various measures with the view of facilitating promotion, and they also advised that the principle of selection should be hd re course to in the appointments ttuations of com and which had previously been given according to seniority. The witness who have advocated the maintenance of the purchase system inSist upon the advantagewhichit affords of faclitating retirement. Updn this peint our attention was directed to the practice andregulons of te Indian army, where, without any reognized system of purchase, custom of reosivig money for reiemen prevails, and is sid to be benefical to the ervice, In the Indian amy promotion is strictly governed by seniorty. It isa system of regimental promotion up to the rank of major, and exchanges are not permitted Absove the rank of major officers rise by seniority in s general list, but tbey have no claim to the commnd of a regiment unles selected for it by the Commander-in-Chief. The lIdian Government have had recourseto several measures in order to acceleraet promotion in their army. They give albe pensions to offioers retirng, and dnoe the lea I835 thY grant llowanMes ia propotio, to lqgtis of seqrvice, irrespective of the i chtn -t booIed to theado1gtion of a practice whic1# is pkrited,, theautoriie, ' 'ogh 6tsanctioned by la*; and tgds produces, as regards retiremeent, a iesult saome;tat simi-ato the sale of cummnijaons, The oficers of eien.i, scribe amnong themselves amd maike up a purseto inducea oetcrfficer to retire. Coutmibutingli~option.lou the ptr of every officer; but In most cases. jou"%. ibn vo,4ld orner Imcur pecuPiary inonveiC At n istbl*old his Ad from a scheme so popu ain te'e fe The practice of thus making up a pbrse applies thiefly, it-, 'a said, to the rank of major, though itocoeus also In lower. ranks. From the evidence given as,to tb4 effects of thts system, and the unwillingness of offioer-s to retire vithout A contribution, in addition to tho pension° llowed to tbern,ait, may be inferred that if the offioers of the ThdIAA array wore left with no other inducemenutto retire exep t he 1waic' grantoed by the Governmenit the regiments would be fille. WIt od officers,and the efficiency of the army, would be ito-, paired. With all the advantages vhich have beemidsrived from this practice and from thte liberality of 'the Indi n- Government, it n3evertheless appears, fronm thze able rep6rt made by the late Governor.Gener4 Lord D4oanlsie, that the condition of the Indian army and the exigencies of the public service will probably render it neemary to pply the pnile of selection where as yet the rule df. siq ority has. prevaied. In considering the policy of abolishing pur&wase in teie Britis army And the b-est means of maintaining the current of promotion, if purchase should be abolished, we cannot recommend the adoption of the regulations of the Indian arm. To make seniority the unvarym ree of promotiona; would, in our opinion, be an ill-advised course. The objection justly urged against the system of purchase -namely, that under it no proviion is made for secrenrg to the country the eervices of men best. qulifled by militay experience and talent, would equally apply to the roe of exclusive seniority, with the added inconvenience of mnore retarded promotion, and a heavier charge on the 3revenue. for retiring allowances sufficidnt to keep np the current of promotion. Conridering the practice of the Indian service to bi 4l. suited to the British army, we next directed our attbutl*%o the systerm of promotion and retirement adopte;d in fouin oountries, and more particularly to the militry regulatah s of France. Until the niddle of the last century, or even later, missions in the French army could only be obtainedb; favour of the Crown, or by favour of offioers in high coanl. mand. Those persons were alone eligible who were of a recognized descent; advancement was attainablb by payment of money; promotion from the ranks was unknon,and the military reputation of France flourished under a system which is nowabolished and forgotten. Dauing the reign of Louis XVI. great alterations in theorganization of the French amy were in coas of intro-. duction, when the Revolution led to a reorganization of the wholemimitary system; and the regulations which were introduced during the time of the Republic, and under the first Nnpoleon,have been again frequently reviewed and modified by succeeding Governments& 1any important regulations date only from the year 1848, but the evidesce which we have collected refers to the system as it iS at present fixed, comprising the mode Of admission, of promiotion, oad of retirement. t Plublic examiners aro appointed, who go through country and hold examnnamins athe principal towinit they are asssted by 'he ofv icers of the severa ^aoso Any young men may present themselves as candidates, ad if they are found puysically quainfted for the army tn are examined in mathematics, in history, in gegraphy, and na fortification. Thoseahoeatisfytheexaminerss sent to the Milita College of St. Cyr; bat, as the number of canddidate usuallye exceeds the namber of vacancies in the college, these who pass the best examination are p referred. yioung man when idmitted into the Collefe of St. Cyr is hconsdered aS having enlisted in the army. He remain i In theaCollege tor two years, the cost of his maintnceiand 0education being defrayedi by his family, unless theyiply to the Government and show that they are too pootufn which ce he is assisted by a contribution from the State maty oe end of two yenrs he is again examined, and if he satisfies the examiners he receives his commisiion ; if he is unsuccers. fnL which, however, rarely occurtg he must go into thep raIns of the army. By this mode a portion varyibg from one-third to two-thirds of the wuhole ntmber of officers enter the army. The remainder eater from the ranks, havin: passed through the various gradesi of non-commisioned Under this svstemit of admission the great maiority of osicersgdepend for ther livelihood entirely on their py. vhey live, therefore, in sach a mode as msy best ani athir. means, and are not brought togetrcr by a regismental In the Firench army promotion is gained partl by. seniority and priutly hy selection, until the officer has reached the rank of chef di baaoltoWre above this rank all further promotion is by selection. Selection is govern edby the followng regulations :-In. nspectors-general are appointed for eveoe branch of the ser. vrcw They are specially named for this duty, and are not thoe officers whosommad fthe district. Theae inspectors receve a prtited forn of istction before they commence their annnal tour of inspection. Wben an inspector-general has inspected a regiment the 'ommanding officer of a regiment presents to him his list of officersfor romotion. TEe inspector-general examiines these officers and selects;those homhe onsidersmosthfit. Hethen oreps a confiden tial report, and transmits it to the Minster of War. Whet sll the inspections aWre finIshed the inspectors meet in co mittee; neviaw the names i: these. aeverg. repor4e= frrom among them prepare a list tor {lie Minise. T.#1 Minster promotes thema in rotation, or not, as he thinkl best. Inconnozion with this system It must be obsrved tha4 according to the rules of the service, retirement is cora. pulsory. An exception is made ia favour of general offiC at the dLsretion oftheExecutive. A colonel must reIil at 60 years of age, a lieutenant-colonel at 58, a captai a 53, and a lieutenant at 52. If an officer retire before he hs served for a period ef so years he is not eatitled to any retiring penion, and thoao no system of half-pay such as exists In the British army. The sums granted to officers for retirlng pensions, af* SO year servicoe, are- -To a LTmteoant-Geesra .4.000 TO SAJot,00neral .. .3cco . T o a Coonel 2... ,400 Tom, Lteutenaut-Or .a . .. i ,c0 To a Che doeBattailleo . . To a Captaln .... To a ieAutenant .. .. .. .. .. am Additional payments are allowed to those who have been' woundedin te service, and to those who are made utemhers of the Iegion of Hoiiour, whoreceive amounts varying from 250f. to 2,oo00. a-year. The amount of the pension offers no inducement for ama officer to retire; and it is admitted that a large proportion of the captains and lieutenants in the French army are met advanced in years, weho continue in the serice until they reach the age when retirement is enforced by the regula. Officers who have been promoted from the ranks are left in a similar position, since their education can seldom qua. lify them for further advancement in competition with| others who have been instructed at the military college. 4 The principle of selection enables the executive Govern. ment to secure able and energetic men for the highei ranks and for the command of regiments. It should, moreover, be remembered, that during the existence of this military system Algeria has afforded a wide field whereiu to test the qualifications of officers. We have referred to the regulations of the French army. oecause they appear to have been Adopted as the basis of military organization in other Staes, and, indeed, if it should be decided to abolish the system of purchase in the British army, it will be found indispensable to introduce the two principles which give vigour to the French service, -namely, promotion by selection and compulory retirement. A scheme for the abolition of purchase and for the substitution of another system of army promotion and retirement has been submitted to our consideration by Sir C. Trevelyau, the Assistant-Secretary of the Treasury. This scheme wvill be found in the Appendix, together with the financial statements adduced in its support. The evidence of Sir C. Trevelyan furnishes explanations of his rlan. The general principle of t3his scheme is borrowed from the French military system, qualified, however, by the adooption of regulations wfhichF have of late years been partially introduced into our owvn civil service. The first commission in the army Sir C. Trevel; an receom mends should be obtained by a competitive exanination be.- tween candidates nominated by the Comamander-in-Chief. The successful candidate is then to go through a course of professional training at a mailtary college for a period of twoyears His education attbis establishment is not to be amisted by any pecuniary contrlbutlon from the State, and the advantage now given at Saudhurt to theaons old offi.i rers s ito be discontinued. The young man having passed the College is to enter the army without furlher examination until he reaches the rank of capaixn. Promotion uo to the rank of captaln is to be two-thiirds by aenlorityan one-third by anlection. Captains and Al higher ranks are to be appointed by aeletion. A. system of examination for the captaincy is to be provided, whicoh will give the means fo those who have risen front the ranks of competing -with offlcers who have had the advantage of a professional edutalon. The comparative merits of offics and their fitns for.. promotion are to be acertained by, system of inion with reports similar to that whIch prevails in the French Trankof major is to be abolished, and the promotion! above the rank of captain is no longer to be regimental Retirement is to be based upon a mixed system of vclun-' tary and cempulsory retiement, acording to a principle, proposed by the Civil Service Superannuation Commis. Eioners. The staff is to be a separte corp m in the French ere- - vice. All exohanges from one regiment to another re to be ferbiaden. Such is the geraral outlne of the p.In r conxne1ded by' Sir 0. Trevelyan. Ho haa also placed before us a financil statement, from which'it appears that In the future y oft the regimental ofioers h pro n inra e of f1S,789M yearly, with a reduction of 5B,4491m the alowances nowr granted. In the establishment of general officers he proposes a reduction. The recapitlation of his wiole scieme exhibits an inereae in the charge for effective servioes of 31,6120, while for the non-effective services, by reducing the amount of widows' pensions and the amount of half-pay, and by omitting altogetherthe rewards formilita s the charge is reduced by 113,4781. Upon the whole statement, therefore, u given In by Sir C. Trevelsan, there is an estimated decrease of expenditure of 81,866M. The scheme proposed by Sir C. Trevelyan comprses im. portant changes in the organization of the army, as weli an In the system o2 promotion and in the Pay of officers. Credit is tacen for a avig o 4,O by the abolition of agency, for whlch no subettbte is provided. Tie establishment of general oSi cers b reduced from 234 to 193,-a chsn which vx doubtodly would bQ economicl, bgt whiCh mus retard the current of propn*iotn, as iill be aeeD by a reference to the memorandu on this scheme which is inserted in theap pebdix. The charge or non.afeCtive srvices is statedat s,dlilnisbed aaaouat,-butit aeemq impobable that under. a-system combinibig voluptayith compulsory retirement Estch I saving could-be efFected. Since, however, the scheme' of Sir . Trevelyan haa bee submitted to the Secretzy.ef War, and will be examined by the olBcers in that depart. rhent, we have not deemed it necessary to take further evidence upon the proposed scheme, or its probable cost to the country. The augmentAtion in the military expenditure of the ountry is, however, of ubordinate importance in compari. son,with other congiderations which are involved in this change. Patting ide for the present al financial difficulties which might interfere with the attempt to abolish' the purcbase system, and assuming that Parliament had not! oply provided the sum to which officers desirous of retiring. bysle are entitled under the purchase systern, but were also prepared to grant an incremed amount for the wanuab maintenance of the army, if necasary, we have yet to oonsiderwhether in this country such a change could be effected with adyantage, and, by what mesures it should be introduced. The evidence annexed to this report proves 'that any general scheme of promotion by selection would not be favourably received by the officers of the British army. It would be equally offenhv to the purchasing and to the nonpurchasing corps The comnissdon on army promotion in the year 1854 recommended a limited application ofthe princple of selection, but they accompanied thli reconm mendation with suggestions intended s far as possible to defeat the influences of private friendship and of political preference. With this view they proposed that whenever appointments were made out of the ireuIar course of army promotion the services of the offloer selected should be deailed for pgblio informstion. It is pbvious that if selection were to be applied to the junior ranks this security *ould be -very much dininlshed. In imitation of the French system it may be suggse that special inspectors sould be appointed to vst and e the r ents, and tha illpromotion should be boaed upon a casf4M oonaderUfon oteirreports. h oueme Id haply be d - i~$~B arv.IMar rg4~J w iot lie '*sltIZD frcs ~i~ H6~uw &xegmeIs db*aosd from 0mnada to Australia. A fair and practical syate.,oeE xasuinatisn for the fur. pose of promotion cannot be extemporized by a commisa .n, it mut be based upon a lobg eipetience of military "an, modified by a variety of oonsideratons, in order tht due egano"emnt masy be ives to al the alifitihon8 and, a Wnueints which contributte to anm oficera efficiency. Before any scheme of promotion by aeleotion Is extensively introduced in the riti army, there should be. a general confidence that the power of selection wll not be misused. The military appointments made during late loars aso well in this eousstry as in the Crimea, hiave not tended to satisfy the army with the mode In which the princple of selection has been applied. It maj be suggested tht if the purchase system were abely left promqtion u_p to the rank of captaini might he afely left to the rule of Pensority. Such a measure would have an injurious effect on the efficiency of the army, tha regiments would in a few years be filled with old lieu. tenants and captains, and there would be no opportisty of electing officers for the higher ranks exceot fiiU among those whose age must necesrily -impir = teflcleney; .us~der such an incomplete arrangement the prin. ciple of selection might fail nu brlngin to the higher ranks I officers qualified for tive servioe in the field. if Ithe purchase system were to be abolished and prosotion by seniority sbould bocome the rule of the sernce, the whole army would either be reduced to the condition In 'which the ordnance corps were placed In the years subsequent to thepeonace¢of1815,roerr,what is more probable, an unauthorized practlce wrould arise, sum of money vwould be subscribed in the reiment, or pecuniary influence would be in some wfay emyloyd to induce officers to retire; thus, even after the abehtion of the purchase system, much of the hardship and of the evils Inciden to that system would recur. It seems doubtful wvhether any scheme of retirement, however liberaL would produce such a cu3 rent of promotion as to enable the executive Government to rely on the efficiency of officers raised to the higher ranks by seniority alone. According to the establishment of the army a regi. ment contains eight or ten ensign, and anequal number of' lieutenants and of captains; but a3 there are only two smajors it is manifest that large prprinofcpan must remain for a long time t rank waiting for the next step, retaing the rise of the Heutenants and checklng all promotion in the regiment. Here the pur¢hse stem operatesfavourably forthepublieservice, sinceitisfoundthat anumber of these captains and heutenants retire by the sale of their commissions, and make room for the advancement of younger men. A pension graduated according to the length of service or to therank of the officer would not have this beneficial effect, but would, on the contrary, induce the officer to reu1ain in the certainty of securing hereafter an increased allowance. When it is said that an officer selling out only receives bAckhis own money which he had previously paid for comnissions, and that the same amount originally placed fn the funds would have furnished a siupler and more convenient provison for his retirement, it is answered that this representation of the case, however specious, is not' in accordance with 'the usal facts or with the practical operation of the- system. Friends andrelations often como forward at great pecuniary inconvenience to themselves to purchase the first commission or to assist the promotion of a young oficer, but thesa persons would not be equall ready to provide a fund for his fature retirement. Here, therefore, the officer eling-outobtalns a sum-afreoney which, except under the purchae sstem he would never have aouire- The retirement of old officers, which is essential to the eSimianpgy of the army, is facilitated by the purchase ay. tem ; nor wrould a rule of compulsory retirement, unless w siated by a large grant of Public money, be iound to be au adequate substitute for the resent sale of comissions. The adoption of selection woul, ifjudiciously exercised, secure the ablest men for the higher regimnetal ranks, but this would necessaily leave every reginient filled during a protracted peace with old captains and lieutenants, who must wait, wsth little hope of promotion, until they reachod tUe age fixedfor their retirement Passing by forthe present the difficult 'quetion of tire. mcnt from the army, we have considered In what way the principle of selection could be introduced, what securities can be suggested for ite just Application, and under what authority such a power could be administered The introduction of s a chan in the organlztion of the British army is beet with diculties. The Tresent body of officers havo entered the army and served in the fiith of another systemn and tbey would oomplAin if they suddenly found themselves supozseded under the operationof new rnles. We have invain endeavouzed to obtain evidence which might enable us to -ioipt out a mode by which such a change j could be gradnally introduced None of the military witnesses examined had eonsidered the subjec' in its details, and their observations afford no assistance towards a practical solution of these diffioulties. It may be suggested' that young men shouald i future obtain their first commissions without purchase, after which their future promotion should be subject to such regulations as might be laid dowu for the advancement of offieers by selection. Such a system could not be brought into operation in a regiment where officers have already purchased their commissions, unless the Government were prepared to buy oat the officers who were unwilling to serve under this new code of regulations A change of this extent would disturb the regimental sys. tem th-oughout the British army, and it would soon be obvious that a new scheme of entry and promaotion canzot be generally introduced until the purchase system shall have been entirely abolished. Many reasons induce us to believe that, instead of comunending with the newr entries, the principle of selection migbt with more facility and with more advantage to the public service be applied to the highest rank in the regiment. The honourable post of colonel of a regim6nt is now given by selection, This position has no duties attached to it, and Is usually a reward for pst military services Tfie post of lieutenant-colonel, on the contrary, is of the greatest importance for the efficiency of the regiment, and this is attainable by purchase. It is moreover for this rank especially that sumns are paid greatlyexceeding the regulation price. n this rank, again, practical evis have resulted frointhe purchase system, which seem to requlre and to justify interference. It mnay be said that the Commander-In-Chief has full power to interfere and to prevent the purohase of the lieutenanscolonelcy by any oficer whom he may consider unfit for such command Under the present system an interference of this kind is a measure which, it is stated, would only be resorted to in an extreme case; it might save a regiment from being placed under an officer who was notorlously unfit, it would not confer the command on the officey who might be acknowledged to be best qualified for such promotion. The prohibition to purchase Is an exercise of authority -which as not, it is admitted, been uti,. ciently employed nor can it be expected that any Comminder-inQhief will readily incur the ill-will attacing to a departure from the practice df the service. Intisrespect, therefore, 'we think that the good of the' servl" winD beh8t promotea by an alteration - andwecomuigid that hereafter the lieutenant-coloneiev of a regl. mient should no0 10oger be purchehseabe, but should .-be &3 AP~olnt;uezit made by the selectiox. of the Coiumeader-in. Chief fronm all the ma~jors in. that branchi of the service. The Prinldlplk of selection may be most advantageously tried In the appointment to the command of aregiment. Theoun-a 3anmleiz-14.Chief has, it is said, the means, throug the information collected at head-quarters, of knowing the character for efficiency and Intelligence of every field officer in the army. Thze responsibility of these appointments will rest on the Cominauder-in-Chief, and the att-ention of the whole army 'willbe necessrily fixed on his exercise of this power. -in recomaending that the commnaid ol a regimaent should In future.depend uponx the selection of the highest miflitary authority, we adopt the practice -whichi prevails in mnany European Stkte, eas well as in our Indian army. His .Royal. -Highness. t4e ' Commnauder-in. Cief haz stated, forcibly all the objections to the appointment of lieutenanit-colonels by selection. At the same time- he has admitted that a power of vetoing the urc~ha-e of the Ilauitenant-ooloneloy might often he exercised byteCommander-in-Chief with peat benefit to the army and 'without injuWstc to any individuaL. His Royal Hih. ness baa also stated that if the returns from ispectng officers are fairly given, as they ought to be anul night be6, thaere is no ofrice a thfe army with whose professional charaster theCemmmda-ider.lieh night not be acquainted. Thus, then, it appears to be acknewledged by the persons nitos competent from their official positions to forma a judg. Inenit in this maatter thatthe ordinaiy mnode in -which offLcers now attan by purcbasethe command of regiments ought, for the good of the service, to be in some degree limited or controlled. Thfe choice lies, therefore, between the power of prohibiting an officer from acquiring this command, or, selecting an officer for tbis coramand. The power of prohibition bbs, however, r always vested it ha n to rarly eer- COam der-iaMet. thouldbeauthosized 3o selefAorAi& command, To this proposal It is objted that the feeling uasanat selecten is so strgong thA tbe nighoest mitay ntbold rlties Will take refuge is sen"U,an if tey-aumzaotooe the senior majorof the regiment, ie selec the ene or masjor in that arm o[ the service. 68ho9sdbojeectolthhs w"ilniboe foud d fstated at length in e evidence of his Royal Highness the Da ke of ambridge, andmin the evideLoof o a Opiaions are entitled to grat weibldt, but after a ful consideration we thae t ane shoald be made in the maodep o ptoiniong to the commsa of reaggments, that for this rank putcAse lhtould oease, ao thatd the liebtenant-colonel sbold be t o d byt l tom upotheresponsibeJ Y of the 06mssauder in.Ca,efm Wo make nou rlkefe eoto tigher razi ofbecause they a noreo attain-' able by purchase, and are therfore, net, Within tile scope of our instructions. ' We also recommeznd that the per1qd of h6l3itg this comnmand should for the fltr be limite and that a time should be fixed-eightor,rhae o ten yare- the lqugest duration of such command Offlcers,'however who relnquish the cornnmand of a regimnent, affir holdiLg it for the' resribned tfMe,o Must 3ot juffer any peounia Bees fronM nhe change. The Governmen must also he pre pare to rchase the lieutenant-coloneloy from any officer now holding the command of aer g ldeg at, whenmr any one may bo desirous ofsellingbisecomuisinon. Een- this limitd amount of Chanlathe regulations of the army wiU be Attendd writhi arom p to orIcers who have paid, according to long-established usage, large lans for their comm ions, and who from their posdtion have the prospect of speedily obti taoont which may have heen. the long-sught object of their ainbi. tion. It may he said, in, 4objeion to then above Acornmienda tions, that they -lease the ~*hol& systera of puehmae untouched up to the rank of major. e arWe, however, thUs etutios in e ntroducing th principle of selection from an earnest desire that its appliation shoiud be fairl tested by experience, To abolish t*h*,.pVnsb th tNre, and to tleav purchise b fbtac le to Mvaicnga tter o bOttho n forme i tei Wei Iionbefgt i the e w from t non-p a roved thar nd a sheme would, duries alo compatile a ritb the Britcha army MI qualinted forbthe aie whic Franted tz r he r iedoxf it. y retaig the stem of purchase up to the irani of field offier, the outlet for the roeireent of mailori Capbaisi nd lieutepants wil1eot1nnse-at present. The cuz- rent of repimental promsotion wMto a hrefore,berAL-ded,1 while on ithe other hand a limdtatien of the period during which the same offices ahave hold the Command oi a rVof wentabwlllntend to accel erte promotion. Thoeq olfces. again whochave ben roindifrom the endnc wil he stillc eshiled to ll.theircoimi onsIf theyhould wish torqeIr the service. The purchase of the first c Comission is the leastno ol rc tionable part of the present s ystem. In this case the regu. latfonrict e is stever exceede and the supplt of eligible can. dItemenidy topurc in m ili tha s cient for fiullng the anual vacancles. The Br.itish army, cooording to its prsnt establishment, contrains t t o t s; ev d arn thilliongtopy for tea i rovidedMsfornsm, mngtos h Moreover, ritust he rememered ythapunha isnot the mdonl modte ofsneeinmg tihe army. Durimeng thE sthreeyanrs fntrom15 touc1853o, a ew;dn irtriod fpac,wil 6 youngs men chaise.g6m Eto dEswihmatrs ne Nor can it be faitly sid that the purchase system Is the obsae to introducing a beten Asytem of ramitay education. A stricter exa ination before granting the first conofission, an improved training afterwards, and a further examination eon promotionL from ensig to ite u atae measure perfectly =ompatible with Commissions in the ar4telry ow nted uneras tem of competitive examination.tia to he modifxed; but, as therwholesubjecdof mlsitary e tion Is now under consideration, and the m lio intitutions of fQreign Qoumtries have bnihsiedtifth the tewf sablishing some plan of intct fff we deem it iunnecemy to. adveo uldion m thee points, which maay be found in the eCol The mode of entry into our army cannot 'of ooutse; 2e asdimilated to the system of fortign epuatriee, where Purchase of the first commission is unknown. But we mady observe tir in maidng appointments to tlhe staff similar difficulties. do not oceur. The staff is in-no way concerned wth the purchase system. Here, thea:e, fore, thee is eve facility for the adoption of such ha. provements in education and militarfy training as may be deme tavisble; and, without -imputing any deficiency to the sthe army-for such alimputation would be in direct conalaicqion to the evidence we have reweived-we maY yet, guoges tha pnpl po motion to the staffmighthe ad othe eans ofbstmadut zilitary education, rewardin mferitorious offi6era, "and obivixting sme of tho'hardships which miust arise under the purc system. 'It appears that uer moi , ip n A o icers apcin . Bpodinitf the are spe s i ul stablshinents fon the instruction of staffrofbablrs; entrance to these establismeutse , is Li said, gained by comptettion, while admission to the reof the ar tmy is onhy to be at by paing through theseestabhlishmentawith eredit- Aegimintsabroa the mbjctght be-attopted forth otWh m thde ssr thepnameo ns,etiort gendhrs1 sme membetron~sof e and srendered annually and be repbcedbyothers, to have been originally oftgndem an a in dtheim in this department mioh a hen h e ins pe sabo condition to the attainment of a staff appoisotnthetr The system of studysand;of trining would requirecarefuI conderation, with abview of tesung and of fi ltiA ithcse physical and mental qualities whicl are more essentia to an officer thaLn literary or eventhan high scientific atUtinments,. te gunlatiosred od the rin er saed Appintmen an offioct hernngaf r uc ytermil itan wo uld it i es r beevd,rmed hosomeaded e l aiom r would hanve a benis e alofintnot only o n thevstamn itsey, b tlwould r iutowDlecth edbouca-o tof thevgo trthe army. uch exere ieon eshall ham Trboe his dtatyion o thoselecto ti ee d ingwichdofmaie diko ene tho sita dituat s o n t he f ave b men eao red ithdo i dta t o th ete porofal r to the air becom,erin edi theo she ir peset,itres, the i ntrust t he picile of peloftiradvacement bya p eretion e teng tow a tae aoethe hoteprcas s ystem g bebe erperiemoveed.ee sa h . prov thter aoff iersoatpominpeoteuss oftregtimlnb gaointedi profesiat acqus for the thir ps osservice, woutecnld e prbbl e foun patal beoefio n meaumedfaing to de r to hei preosein tness the dsalectru of thplintcper slctione, whille lessened, and oet g;reatnobtace toi the chts;angeodsse whuh uhi e pemtoved. nt eapledt systements reabrods the objhaeo migh ble attacedby otheup meansyst of eariod insplecione omicet spe cialo ofa pointge abore prpormse,t as-peertal;se in thie mrer amty wrdshould rotire anprobaveud, ai ad be mepaure,e odingto thaegune n .a uniormity fsytmismit&nd, m gTie alconidmesncting f rness wande in iatuiaey tofsthe re prts; ande Th our sdu s pectionacoulnnotb the erd to reGientSBron and i theln obetmgthey attauied byofthern masAberofgeneral officers momnig nfrighdtib onstituted,udraDthe ntsamteyofminsp eeors-eneral; sam memuerinofathis board shimouledtire aoleyrit and he rpblacedy othsoobe son hsatwinle ar uniformity f system foul dit aseh ed -temedy parta resueting frm an cand in the existo insp deors mayehe tin greatiBeitsinan Iandnd the should grdlyo reqt uirefriom nay becmenthis dthy mgto deletessntaloe for tacoummngandin- im ate e preledige he meRisand e paoitits oref to Wer servingtheabrobad.suc system bwaoulihd,it wil bled remedyn soensablec aor r epfoun n o the oe xitaing modeo ecatiy becomen s and tro s taon-n eryfo the o mmfteanrd Inyhe recding pgiv e hroavt enseavoeredtion.cthow that furthe preb syswntemb abom lishredtireet wi eco eidlneispensable,utfbtiueor the pupseomitann the eofmi-n cit encyofstheBrthtItishparm,toaladoptiaonewosyste offtt temet,asuterafied agpoefor tpersliod of Uervie,ncom- colonls while we do not suggest disturbing the existing sysem s egadsthepurhae ad aleofcommnissions up to te rnk f mjorincusie, nti th efecot of the chane aove ecomendd sall avebeen tried and its pracica reultsappove, i woud b in~uropinion injudcios t inerfre urter iththeusal orse of The recommiendatiorns which we have ventured to make must necesarily afford some opportunities for the exercise of selection, and if these op rtunities are used withafaresa and discrimination the conz'3enoe of the army wl he ctOneUilitet nd purchase Wll,t4r isolonger he deemed Indispensab ( as a seCyour inans TOr the 3h9ighet us&iters and as &'amgaat6e aglaint the Aischievouts interference of private tfriendshlp ana of political preferenasc. We conclude this report with an eanet hope that Our sugges t~ions mayr be found cobducive to the welfare of the army, durng peace, and to its efficdency whenever its servic may be #fain required to maintain the honiour of the Cromw or the interests of the Brits empire. SOVER8T. STA,LRX. SIDNEY HJR nIT. DE LACY EVANS. HiAutr D. JoNza. GZQ. CAse; GLYN. STATMsNvT 0OF LEUn iA2T-GzsR SrhL Bri Dr L&ay EVENS, T4 Bl. ANNEXED TO THI$ REPORT. Asa member of the Commuiseon he 'ca the honour to state that he has deemed it a duty to sign the report decidd on by the Commissioners, be use lie f_Uyconcurs in the recommendations, as far as they. go, whieh it contains, But as the avidence addoced has strengthened the convictions which he previously held on this sabjee, and #a he believes that some adlitional measuets m ay, with advnae to the publc, be adopted, having for their object amore early terminaidon of th1e sytm of sal and plurehsee of oinmisions in the armyr then is provided for mn this report-. he will feel it his duty to transmit, as aonR as practicakIe to the oiEcc of the Cenuniassan a representation ed his humbleopinons to this eSfect. DE TACY EvSw&
I-'- _ .,.s ruinous Bstat Itbefoqt AVt 1a1gdfeurh~ sanou rowo att lcda tsvd.)s1A covered sip to the .7 alsit ii"o'85etb1. and mosquus, and we,nemj~tpw Ot;JOIwaut iaole.wta uane7QS men., The schem orteipveetEe',uaj. 'was extruxted. to pti Ht %t&Bge Engineers, wo waiy.' '$cbBIi $aced in the ituAto wthraaIbwIk it now -stands. (staHthia.dwai~a establishing a: serisb a!~S m 'stisial elopg th bljo e be mnounted with ev t ir4L ~i~ hd 'Wall, anid, 'frth pupe fpsetig aes,, tectted. them, espefyab i ac,bfaegba the sar#p ends ofwchespote tanesabl dOwnward into t9&ci h ukwepetdat_ Paired, -and deepenel eseily itohel&io the Wall resed on rok A gaci'ws *';fo*sned;i~ovr some degree the bearp of thepi waI ~Itj9 itW 0leered of houws and, ruins the. raines, s5lldaa that the works werle rendered, proof .-*Otl pp&yaterya+eY for" b eavat emee, ths Cog lie rected aleg the lefnoeso wAfld"a'aeisUtaikil ad~~~~~~~te 1s~g IwantoJuave sgmout tht to~~~,teo 'eUmahnA' Wue the uNoe h.t ad f agate that svrlo h fieswrkl*teesm.. cre. we Itre W~~ti recommended exesi rpI* nd beigsurround i ic,adh'nwlao height, builo e snsoe g~Ai~ Smih, as nabetoget rid. bili'g epatd whic itcaued im n'hi plan of 'ddefien:hj ltiiab 'hands of theehb we Wml -b4z>oth otte" iln re~*o ningi, iof peop,efo nJroaigi~4 rbbyhv c0ompensate fohtan"br ild nleltecncs ,And for those wh vecred. erroeytome secure 1ocalitie&.T r oad~bespld fgan kiept'up by the rn ecs¶ fteetbp.teode obtaied frm theoppoite4de of tlse4ver, or fo h invat sorm ofbtbon'nd odr rte Ijnl n te un ',poieDeh. Geeral Barnardand temi ry hci neipdt 'themnorhandnot6'h.wes fthe tsown, rinDteran Tonen whc sstatdaotamleadahl fo h ah suer gae, nd s spartedfro th contr inwhihte 'olt stndsby lo ride o roic n w inc,h telegrdaps towr i bilt Ths idg isno inpose-sIon dofeeal It isamistak t6srpoee here i no w ther in, Delhi.The wellsUaecmaaiePfwInnme,btte ih afiT upyheerlysekn.hwee,teWtfi bhln'eort of til o -waeris iebrh p the thoef1froniftl by *Mdrfkand ta oAh *Ur oospe_ v liopta pcouAevMw1rq the- bKvr"ItS" event agrat olsInd awa a (erskod* Jqt atese to fort of SeliM og,ur, wi esodae,ig it withthepalce"IVs wouuraled att eIOWA ao partisgoing cutingof th caal willnayofthventwVtowasnhland from gttingwate f dlfflovirltry,-iwoweve tere equaly,or venmo boue ovreL felthby orde or troogs, 'owing ~ D a to thirgeae dseisfo them down whill whave beenmitgatd ater he allf rin Mrtbob n is fs win bt womuldbeadeosthtfori grdafor the receiviag, befoshre 1 ard toth e _ cay pturs of Sehao" e. sae,iti
TEH ARMY RtPoQr. OVTEM EiDITOR OF TIE M TES. Sir,-Your JMmme7 of- the Report on Arniy Commis. slon will, i sf I rtke not, use oonsternation to the grt bulk of the oficers of the army. The Comimison appqersfirt to reogni the justce of that general feeling'entetained by loloers, that the syatan of purchase affods a certain security against the inflnenoe of favour, and to a great extent frees them from a debaig dependenceon the patronae of the higher authorities. How, then, does the Cormnio ppdy this their du-' ion t Forsooth, by a proposa to paoe the chief porion f the patronage of the army absolutely at the dispool of the' ruling authorities at the Horse Guards I Under the present system to obtain the rank of Lieutenant-Colonal commanding a regiment is the gmad p tnt of every officer's career. To obtain this now will irally depend on a man' interest; and the ea result of the om. minion's zeoommendation, if adopted, will be to make fis* army more aristooratic, more exltisiLe thA ever. .t IT future it will not be advisahn for any man to ente the service, nor for those iow in it to rema, unleS he*.u compete in infertet With the most favoured of the hnd. Ye-se, Sir, most obedmctiy. ONE 0F THE THEIEATEhN London, Aug. 18.
LONDON. 2'HUPAY, AUGUST 20, 1857. The House of Commons, yesterday, having reelved itself into a committee upon the Sale of Obscene Books, &c., Prevention Bill, the clauses were agreed to with certain ameadmen1, including a new clause, moved by Mr. Jo}N LocK, giving an appeal to the quarter sessons. The House then resumed, for the last time in eommittee, the consideration of the details of the Divore and Matrimonial Causes Bill, when various additional claues were proposed by the AirroxxEy. GENRus, some of which were withdrawn for frther revisiou until the report, the remainder being added to the Bill. A strong opposition ws ofered to a clause in the nature of a proviso moved by the ATToBNXy. GMMLkL as a complement or qualification of the clause eempting the clergy from censure or penalty for refusing to divorced persons, the effeet of which provisO s t, i case an incumbent of a pariah had a consieltioun objection to solemnie rush a marriage, another clergyman not having ruch a scruple Should be allowed to perform the eeremony in the parish church of the former. TUpon a division, the clause was carried by 73 to The Bill a amended was ordered to be reported to the House. The Lords' amendmenta of oertain Bills were then considered. The House adjourned at 5 o'clook.
The Report of the Commission on Purchae in the Army will disappoint some sanguine expectations; but even thos who dissent from the conclusions which it oontains must admit that it is worthy of the eminent soldiers and civilians to whoni the question wa referredL Sir DE L&c' iv^us records his opinion that the reoommendations of his colleagues, though judicious, are insufficient. The remaining Commisioners must be *upposed to be manimnous both in the important chnges which they suggest and in their qualified approval of the system of purchase. Three ex-Secretaries at War-Mr. EIU,cs, the !)uke of SommssT, and Mr. SBnxxv HnaBpaT; five offlcers of rank, including General EvANs, with two members of the Houseo, Commons,-,ord STA2mLy and Mr. GLYi,--are responsible for the Report; and there can be little doubt that the omcidl and military authorities wll proceed without unneceesry deay to carry their proposls into effect. Those zealous army reformers who suspectd that the appointment of the Commission was merely a contrivance for silencing a troublesome agitation must admit that the arguments against mtrchaze amm fully and candidly stated in the earlier pt of- the Report. The reasons in favour of e exitin system are set forth more conCsely, and the decision of the Commissioners against a esweeping change is expresly described as provisional and experimentaL The practical difflculty of devising a scheme for the gradual abolition of purehase would alone have prevented the immediate introduction of a system based exclusively on seniority or merit. The innovation recommended in the Report will be beneficial in itself, and, if further limitations of purchase are found desirable, they may be most conveniently commenced from nbove. if the suggestions of the Report are adopted, the highest purchaseable commission will henceforth be that of Major. Lieutenant-Colonels will be selected by the Commander-in-Chief on the ground of their fitues for promotion. The risk of intruating the command of regimenis to incapable officers wil thus be materially diminished. It is also proposed that the term of command should, except in special cases, be limited to a period of ten or twelve years, and it will become necewary that the Howe of Commons should provide the mea of buying up, from time to time, the commissionx held by Lieutenaut-Colonels at present in command who may wish to retire from the Army. The suggestion of some of the witnesses that the a'oolition of purchase should commence at the bottom of the scale was less advantageoux to the service, and it was altogether inconsistent with the general opinion of the Commiioners. If the Ensigns of 1857 are to be debarred from purchasing, it is evident that all existing commissions will be deprived of their pecuniary value. The stream must dry up when it is stopped or diverted at its source. Neitber the Captain nor the Lieutenant will sink his money in an investment which can never be replaced. The prohibition of purehase in the case of Lieutenant-Colonelcies will of itself inflict an unavoidable hardship on those officers who have indulged in the hope of succeeding in ordinary course to the command of their regiments. At a future time it would be practicable to carry the restriction gradually downwards. The total and immaediate suppression of purchse would cost the country some millions, and for the reasons alleged by the Commissioners, as well as on more general grounds, it seems that the change would be of doubtful advantage. Promotion may be regulated by seniority, by selection, by purchmae, or by some combination of these differnt methods. The Indian system allows of no exchange from one regiment to another, and it is remarkable that through strict adherence to tihe principle of seniority it has led to an irregular species of purchase. The older offlcers, notwithstanding the high scale of their retiring pensions, generally retain their rank until they are bought out by means of a proportionate contribution from all their juniors in the regiment. Notwithstanding the consequent acceleration of promotion, the Conmissioners quote Lord DAovusxies opinion that the condition of the Indian Army will ahortly render it necessary to substitute the principle of selection for the rule of seniority. It is remarkable that the Report contains no allusion to the practice of the English Navy, in which from the constitution of the service purchase is unknown. The practice which prevails in the Army depends on the permanent organization of individual regiments. Promotion from the general Army List would be incompatible with the sale of commissions; but all| authorities agree that at least below the rank of field-officers advancement should be exclusively regimental. The French system seems to offer the only practicable alternative if purchase is to be summarily abolished. Promotion by seniority and selection in the lower grades, and by selection alone in the higher, together with regulations for compulsory retirement at a specified age, enable the Government of France to maintain the army in a high state of efficiency. The difference, however, which prevails between the services of the two nations is strikingly exhibited by the French scale of retiring pensons, none of which are attainable before the completion of 30 yearn' service. A ieutenant. General receives 1601., a Lieutenant-Colonel 561., and a Captain 481. a-year. It may be added, that the officers, with few exceptions, have little or no private fortune. Every French officer is prepared to make the regiment his home, and to consider the ,ervice as the exclusive business of his life. The political and social drawbacks to a system so conducive to professional efficiency scarcely came within the scope of the inquiry which was intrusted to the Commnission. In England, and still more generally in France, the sale of civil and military employments was at one time a recognized custom. Loruis XIV. filled up the vacancies in his Court, and even in his Cabinet, by a process curiously compounded of inheritance, of favour, and of purchase. Before the Revolution several hundreds of thousands of civil offices were habitually and legally bought and sold. The highest judicial functions in the different Parliaments, as well as the humblest grades in theRoyal maison de bouche,were invariably transmitted for a pecuniary consideration. The English Army presents the only relic of a practice which once prevailed in every European State. Like many other institutions which have grown up by accident, the system presents advantages which to a certain extent counterbalance its theoretical anomalies. A body of gentlemen has beern found to serve the country almost without remuneration, nor have the officers of any other army been more prodigal of their blood, or more ready to obey a summons to the field. Within the present summer the holders of more than a thousand purchased commissions have embarked 'without a murmur to join in the unlooked for and painful campaign in the East. It is in some degree owing to the system of purchase that military interference in political matters has for many generations been unknown in England. The standing Army will never be dangerous to liberty as long as its officers have associations and interests anterior and paramount to those which exclusively Ibelong to their profession. The educated classes of England, in fact, guard against mnilitary usur- pation as well as againat clerical encroachment, a by administering the affairs of the Church and of the Army through committees, as it were, of their own body. The strictly professional advantage of purchase in accelerating promotion is fully explained in thei Report of the Commissioners. The less favourable features of the system consist in its tendency to produce an army commanded by amateurs. Before the Crimean Expedition, and in soMe degree down to the present time, a young officer, though probably a good fellow and a spirited gentleman, was for the me%, part ignorant of all branches of learning in general, and particularly of his own profession. Fighting in time of war was a point of honour, even when it was not a matter of inclination; but the details of duty in time of peace were shirked where it was possible, and study was almost universalUy considered an irksome wwaste of time. Staff appointments depended on connexion; regimental promotion on money or time or luck; and the simple logicians of the mesaroom constantly reminded each other that the Quzps had already made a sufficiently good bargain in securing their services for the bare interest of their purchasemoney. Ai a natural result of the system, the regimental duties, which are easewhere discharged by subalterns, havs in the English Army fallen exclusively into the hands of noncommissioned officers; and Sir CLA.Xs NAIrprI, and, notwithstanding his aristocratic bias, the Duke of WEL=IxGTON himself, frequently denounced the danger of allowing the Lieutenant to be a mere puppet in the hands of the Sergeant. There can be no doubt that the naintenance of military subordination is almost exclusively attributable to the national respect of the private for his superiors in social station. The problem for army reformers is to provide a body of officers who shall not cease to be gentlemen. Tests by examination will exclude dunces; stricter discipline and well-considered regulations have already done much to render subalterns less idle, and consequently less extravagant and dissipated. The abolition of the scandalous course which has been pursued in the distribution of Staff appointments will open a certaiu career to able and ambitious officers. Further experinece will show whether it is posible to combine perfeot professional efficiency with the existence of a vested interest in conLnisiona. The authors of the Report admit that the chlnges which they recommend, " inaamuch as they introduce the principle "of advancement by selection, tend towards the "abolition of the purohase sytem." On a future occasion it will be desirable to exambie how far they are justified by the evidence in restricting their present recommendations to a single class of com2n o 0s.
Several clauses of some importance were introduced, or discussed with that view, into the Divorce Bill, at yesterday's morning sitting. The Senior Puisne Judges were added to the Court. It was propowed by the ATiorwLGmFAU, but left to the bringing up of the report, that Judges of Auize, the acting Chairmen of Quarter Sesslons, and Recorders should be empowered to empannel juries and hear and determine petitions, precisely as the Court itself could do, and that their orders should be equivalent to those of the Court. The promised substitute for the present action for damages was provided in the ihape of a petition for damages, to be applied as the judge mightdirect. These addition3 did not excite so much difference of opinion as might have been expected,. it being now agreed on all hands that the law of Divorce is to be opened as far as posible to all who may unfortunately be in a condition to require it. So the greater part of the debate yesterday w given, not to such really important afairs as the contitution of the Court of Appeal, the power of local Courtrs, the compensua tion of injured husbands, or the punishment of adulterers, but to certain pretensions advanced in behalf of the tender clerical conscienoe. Now, when there really is reason or excue for a scruple, and when all that is sought is ;ralief, we trust we may never be found to slight such a claim, were it ever so inconvenient to the people at large. In this instance the Bill, as it now stands, gives abundant relief to any clergyman who may be of opinion that there is in the sight of GoD no such thing as utter divorce, and that persons once married may never be so separated, for any crime whatever, as that they may be married again, either in the lifetiume of the other. Such clergymen are allowed to decline the performance of the ceremony. We agree with the ATTommy-GmNmRAL that this is at least a very dangerous concession. It tends to introduce the quicksands of caprice into our strong Parliamentary system, and to weaken and invalidate the deliberate decision of the "'Great Council " of the nation." If any clergyman may refuse to marry those whom Parliament has declared to be free for marriage, on the ground that the expres-. aions of the marriage service seem to forbid it, then much the more is he bound to refuse marriage to a man who does not receive the doctrine of the Trinity, for example, which is entmnciated in the very form of words declaring the couple to be man and wife. Again, as the service sup. poses the persons to be members of the Church, it is necessary that they should be in communion, and any scrupulous clergyman may most consistently, if not most properly, refuse to perform the marriage service for anybody who is not a regular communicant. There are quite as good reasons for refusing Christian buiAl, for rejecting sponsors, and thereby withholding baptism, and for other acts of ecclesiastical rigour. The usual reply to the tender conscience has been that the office of the parochial clergyman is simply ministerial. He has only to perform the services, and must leave the Legislature, and the Church, whom it represents, to settle the proper recipients or performers. A thousand times have Bishops and other ecclesiastical authorities thus stifled the rising scruples of clergymen fresh from the Fathers, or the equally sensitive school of the Puritans. The answer is no longer to be valid in the single instance of the clergyman who may choose to retain the Roman Catholic dogma of theindissolubility of marriage. No doubt, there are those who hold this dogma most conscientiously and unaffectedly, and we can accordingly believe that many of them rest the doctrine on the words of Scripture; but it is rather remarkable that the chief ground taken is not the Scriptural one. In that very curious document, the "Declaration" signed by the 9,000 clergy, which, we are assured from authority, did not declare marniage to be indissoluble, the doctrine, or no doctrine-the sense or nonsense of the appeal, was rested as much on the usage and formularies of the Church as on Scripture; and in Tuesday morning's debate Mr. WIGRASI took the House of Commone through the successive stages of the marriage service, appealing to them whether a conscientious clergyman could read it over persons one of whom was divorced. The words, this gentleman said, were unequivocal and unambiguous. It was a mockery cf the service so to use it. The Rubrics of the Church Were held to be engrafted on the Act of Uniformity. The service, he said, was composed at a tine when marriage was believed to be indissoluble, and, as a soparate testimony, it enshrined that belief, and delivered it down to us. The scruple, then, for which the indulgence of the Legislature is demanded professes to rest on a usage, a tradition, a formulary, an existing practice, distinct from the Bible; and great pams are taken to show that it is distinct from the Bible, and that, whatever the Bible may say about it, there ca be no mistake as to the meaning of the marriage service, which, it is said, will put into a very questionable position the clergyman who hall carry out the intentions of the pending measure. Now, there is only one reply to this argument, so modestly insinuated by the " Declaratiou!' and so courageously advanced by Mr. WIGI.R 1 and others, and that reply can only be given as Mr. BVnnELL would have given it,-in the single word " fudge." There is not a shadow of proof for the assertion that the marriage service is more express, or more diatinet, or more emphatic than Scripture, or that any of the words in that ervico are over and above or beidethe words of Scripture. So fear from it, the service most studiously contents itself with simply eiting the words of Scripture when it comes to the very act of marriage. The words " Those whom GOD hath "joined together let no man put asunder," on which Mr. WIGRAS dwells so strenuously, are simply an extract from the passage in the Gospel -which has already been- Xi. - cussed over and over again in- this controversy. Whatever the force of the words, it is concludes within the force of that passage, which most unquestionably forbids wanton divorce, at the same time excepting from the prohibition that for which there is sufficient reason. The marriage service thus expressly refers to Scripture, and quotes Scripture, as if resolved not to advance a step beyond Scripture. Yet the sympathy of the. House of Commons ix demanded for a set of opinionists who expressly found their scruples on the marriage service, as a document more explicit, more emphatic, more unmistakable than Scripture ;-a pretence which the marriage service is most care-'1 ful to shun, and for which it has not given one atom of justification. i On this point, then, -what the House of Commons had to do yesterday, and what it finally did, though with a woful loss of valuable time, was to confine the inconvenience of this wruple to the person of the holder, and deprive it of public efcacy or territorial sway. As the Bill Atood on Tuesday night, the incumbent of any parish, St. Pancras for example, containing 200;000 in,bitants, might boust that he rendered an Act of Parliament a dead letter over a large section of the metropolis. No doubt, the temptation to defy Lords and Commons at the cost of one fee out of a thousand would have its attractions to a certain elss of minds. It' was, therefore, at least pomible that when the persons for whom Parliament had been at the pains to passn this meue went to the church, license in hsnd, they might find that, owing to the scruples of the rector, they must put off their marriage for a fortnight, in order to try, possibly with equal ill-Laccess, whether some other clergyman could conscientiously comply with the Act of Parliament. Certainly, the Legislature does not contemplate that those whom it thinks proPer to relieve and befriend shall have to go about begging for the promised relief. As a- matter of course, therefore, the liouse of Commons has introduced a clause providing that wherever the incumbent has a scruple on this point the persons to be married may have the ceremony performed by a clergyman of their own choice. This was necessary for the very purpose of giving entire effect to thhb <relief granted to the incumbent. Of course, a clergyman who felt he could not read the service for divorced persons would feel an almost equal difficulty in a voluntary concession of his ehurch for the purpose to another clergyman. Parliament will now take that responsibility at least, aad so relieve him. This is so rational a provision that the self-constituted representatives of the clergy holding these opinions ought themselves to have asked for it. That they did not,-that some of them wished to drive divorced persons to the Registrar'e.office, and even to deprive their religious feelings of a last refuge in the Dissenting Chapel, is only another proof of the intoleable tyranny which lurks under the guise of a pious scruple.
T'ie Europeau Monarch who has resolved to imraortalize his name in stone has at any rate generally chosen a better way of doing it than the Asiatic or Egyptian one. The Egyptian P}uRoAH erected a mountain to receive his sarcophagus. The Caliph or the Sultan has had very little idea of fine building but that of erecting a mausoleum for himelf or his favourite wife. He was selfish in death, and would not allow the magnificence he created to diverge from the closest attendance upon himself and his own dead body. But the European Monarch has at any rate had a more public and social standard of greatness as a builder. He does not fasten us to tombs and mausoleums, as his sepulchral Eastern brotber does. We get out of the smeU of death, out of the precincts in which dust and ashes are enthroned, into an atmosphere of life, health, and activity. We issue into the open air, into thoroughfares and streets, into the noise, and bustle, and cheerfulness of trade, into the region of gay shops and busy marts, and we se before us an Hotel de Villa, a Bridge, an Arch, a Museu,m, a Gallery, or a Palace. The European Monarch has been, in the midst of hib state, his might, and glory, something of a citizen at the bottom. He has not regarded his people as accidents of himself, but himself as the representative of his people. He has been content with a borrowed glory, and seen in himself the reflection of the national greatness and power. His architecture, therefore, is public and national. The French E3,nzitou has just been inaugurating that grand work, the junction of the Louvre with the Tuileries. He connects himself by such acts as these not only with the name of the first NA.- roLEoi, who had specially determined on this architectural work, but with the names of the old; Monarchs of France, and he evidently intends, and with a fair right too, that this associazion shall not be lost sight of. He traces the care and embellishment of this old national edifice through the reigns of Louis XI., EHmxy IV., the 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th Louis, up to that of his own unele; and, lastly, of " the ephemeral power of 1848," contriving by the last alight allusion to combine monarcnical with popular favour, and to present the new work to the uation as the work emphatically of FRAiwCE. Fance is the same under whatever form of government, and she is the real architect and the owner, but she chooses to select some one person to represent her, who acts as her medium. and deputy. The Bou1RBo.s were her representatives once, and the NAPoLEoNs are her representatives now. It is true she once tried un-representative action as a nation; she chose for a short time to act as if of herself; the popular power tried its own naked and uudelegated energies, and France alone tried to govern France. But this was only an experiment, and was soon found to be a mistake. The " ephemeral power of " 1848" gave way, after one or two processes, to the old representative polity, and France rsaw herself arting again through the medium of a King. P.ut, whether she acts through a medium or by herself, she is the true possessor of the regal and national Louvre. "France, monarchical for so " many centuries, which beheld in the central "power the representation of her grandeur and "her nationality, wished that the dwelling of the "Sovereign should be worthy of the country." Every one who knows anything of the French knows that this is substantially true, and that Frenchmen do see in the renovation and embellishment of their capital and its public buildings the maintenance of the national glory. Paris is the boast and pride of France, and what adorns the capital adorns the nation. Every true Frenchman regards Paris as belonging in part to him; he is proud of his property, he treads her Boulevards, ;venies, squares, and gardens with gratified Selfcomplacency, and shows off her splendours to the foreign guest with just triumph. To adorn Paris, then, is the natural and legitimate duty of a French King, and LJouis Nirorroi has done this effectively. He may challenge oompetition with any lOulu3os- in the improvement of Pars. Englishmen will never make a Paris of London. It is not desirable thst-theyshould. The relation of the two capit4la to their respective contries is different. The " system of unity and centraliza" tion" which Lous NAPOLEON speaks of as characteristic of the French monarchy does not apply to our limited and constitutional monarchy, and with the principle of centralization the relation to the centre changes. Such a boast and pride in London as the Frenchman has in Paris would be inconsistent with our hereditary jealousy of ceontralization. But, with all deference to this very important difference in the two cases, it does not ook well for the whole French public to be riumphing at this moment in the renovation of ihe Louvre, and for the English public to be ectually grudging the Serpentine tlhe antidote to its filth. The cleausing of the Serpentine is, we hear, to be deferred, because the representatives of our Englisah counties will not allow the national money to go for what is caled a local object. But, without making a Paris of Lonaon, we cannot help a certain nationality attaching to the metropolis. As the seat of legislation and the centre of commerce, law, art, and fashion, it necessarily draws constant visitors of all kinds from all parts of the country,-men of business, men *of fashion, men of Ecience, high and low, rich and poor; there is nobody above the rank of a labourer whom bufiness, or curiosity, or please does not bring to London occasionally. And with many, who would yet consider themaelves country people, it is almost a residence. The nation, then, use and makes a convenience of London, but declines acknowledging any relationship to it when the natural expenses of a metropolis have to be pro. Vided for. No Englishman would be so unpatriotic as to wish to see London without the Parks and the Serpentine. He would say that an English metropolis ought to have such adornments; he walks in the Park when he comes up to town, as national ground, and would be much disguted if a Metropolitan Board set up a tollgate at the entrance. If he uses it, then, as his own property, and considers that, as one of the nation, he has a right to the free use of it, he commits himself, at any rate, to such a share in the responsibility for the necemary care of this ground as not to grudge some of the public money for the simple object of purifying the water in it and making the walk round it healthy. We cannot, then, in justice pretend to treat London simply as a county town -the capital of Middlesex. This is plainly an untrue light in which to place the metropolis Everybody sees at once that it is ridiculous to speak of London in this way; indeed, the very man who adopted such a ground for a particular purpose in the House of Commons would refute himself the next hour in any ordinary conversation of which London was the subject. He would find that, in spite of himself, he could not but regard London to some extent as national property. Let the recent inauguration in Paris give him a lesson of generosity. It is possible he may be too little of an Engliuman in his feling to his own metropolis. We di not wa-nt centralization as an artificial system, but, so far as it exists in nature and cannot be avoided, let it, and the obligations accompanying it, be acknowledged.
A Cablnet Council was held yeterday afternoon at the official residence of the Fist Lord of the Treasury in Downing-street. It was attended by Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chanoellor Earl Granvile, the Marouis of Lansdowne, the kErl of Clarendon, Mlr. Secretey Labouchere, Lord Panmnuie, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right HOn.I . Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. M. T. Baines, and the Duko of De"patchee were sent yesterdayfrom the Colonialoffice to the Governors of Hongkong, Ceylon, and the Mauritius. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the remaining half of a bank-note, value 1001., for neglected income-tax, from " . E. C.;' also the remaining half of a bank-note value ll., for unpaid incometax, from "1IH. A. E;" and tie receipt of the irathaves of two BEuk of n glaudnoteavalue l00C. each for unpaid incometax, from " S. and A. J." IiVn:POOa, Aug. 19.-The Royal Aaerican Ma1 steamship Atlantic sed hence to-dy for New York with the mal, a fair rgo, and 60 pasnge. The Royal Mal smer Ai takes her departure on SAturday for the ae destinatot. SIGNS OF T}E END or FE Sssroi.-That the seasion ix approaching its termination is evident from the appearance ot the annual " Supply Bill," to appIyasum out of the Consolidated Fund xnd the surplus of Ways and beans to the service of the year 17.58, and to appropriate the supplies granted in thin sion (in Commnittee of Supply). This Bill was sent up to the Lords on Monday. The session of 1857 commenced on the 3d of February, and was ,nterrupted for some veeks by the dissolution of Parliaen, which took place on the 22d of March. On the 7th of May the new Parliament assembled at Westminster, so that. allowing for the interregum of about 9iS wreeks, the actual "sessdon" of the twro Hiouses will have lasted the best par of six months. It often endures as many as seven. MzIaDcA.n tRExNrS FNOMN TEE BAIrto AND Bi>sc1 SEA FLnsvs-Yesterday appeared a Parliamentary paper containing some interesting details relative to the mortality in the Baltic and lack Sea fleets In the yeara 1854 and 1855. It is shown that the total mortalty froma all causes, In both fleets, and in both years, amounted to 2.029 deaths, of wbich 1,574 were caused by disease, 228 by accidental injurles, suicide, and drowning, and 227 only by wounds received in action-a number extraordinarily low. The diseases most commonly prevalent in fleets and armies incalde three classes-i Those arising from privation and over-work. 2. Those arising from endemic or climatic causes; and, 3. Those arising from the inhalation of the germs of infectious diseases The deaths from diseases of the first class, including typhoid fevers, scorbutic affections, dysentery, diarrhces, and ulcer, were not numerous. The deaths from local or climatic clauses were also few, for the crews of the ships were beldom exposed to mlasmatio influences, and Vhen they were landed in low swampy places, as in the Black Sea and the Sea of Azof, quinine was almost invariably given as a protective against fever, and offensive exhalations in the holds of shipe were got rid of by ventila. tion and the use of the solution of chloride of zinc. The mortality under the third head (infectious diseases) might indubitably have been le6sened, it appeaing that if the fleet in the Baltic had not Anchored in Baro Sound during the summer of 1854 and it that in the Black Sea had shunned Baljck ana Varna in July, August, and September of the sameyear, the m.tality from cholera would have been greatly reduced. Cholera, like smallpox, yellow fever, And other infectious diseases propoaated by a specifio animal poison elaborated within the human system, and thrown from it into the atmosphere, is generalydestrctive amongnumbers in proportion to the force or concentration of the exciting poison and the poverty of the vital fluids of the patients. The mortality from consumption is much greater in the army than the navy. It appears that the proportion of wounds and injuries of all kinds to the 1,000 of mean force was greater in the Baltic than in the Black Sea fleet, but the reverse was the case as regards the rates of mortality. In the former, the total number of deaths from All kinds of injuries and drowning was 135, of which 21 were from wounds in Action, 5 from gunshot wounds received during the infamous attack on the boat's crew at Hango, 57 from drowning, and 52 from falls from the rigimg and other accidental hurts. In the Black Sea fleet its total number of deaths from external violence and drowning was 286, of which 201 were killed in action, 40 were drowned, and 45 kiUed by external injuries The medical evidence goes onto show that sailors are more liable to rheumatic attaoks than aoldiers, but this will only hold good so loag a the latkr ae comfortably lodged in cantonments or barracks. There Is no evidence to show that the climate or soil on the bald steppes of the Crimea had the leaSt effect In producing any form of bowel complaint, although the aocumulation of filth and the effluvia arising from decay of organic matters were doubtless injurions to the general health, and so Prdispo"ed the weak and the anemm* to be attacle by various forms of disease. Aections of the liver andjaundice were more numerous in the Black than il the Baltt Sea, byas much as 93 exceds34, but the moeWity for bot was early identical. Defective or erronsow dit, In conisexien, posibly, with peauliar tates of the wther, would apper to be the inducing auses of these livereoen. pint. The proportional number of catarrhal attacks wa grater in the Baltic fleet by- asmuelas277 exoeds215. Cholera wasfar more rifo in the Blaek than in. tBe*ltlc Sea, for there, in one shp alone, the mortality exeeded by about onehalf the total mortity in the whoie force of the Balte fleet for two years. The mortaity from pulmonary complais and diseas of the air passage wa nealy the same tx both seas, but the proportion was greater in the Baltio. Fevers were more common in the Black 8ea, and alto more fatal; in the two years thexe were 1,720 caes of continued aDd remitting fever, and 1,722 of the intermittent or aguish type. The mortality from cerebral disae in the letlo fleet was the sme as iu eivil life, but in the Black Sea it was greater, probably owing to the indulec of the seamen in bad spirits. SAvmas-BAinS.-A return to the Hiouse of Lords, yesterday issued, shows that in the year ending the 20th of November, 1856. the excess paid in by savings-banks beyond the sums drawn out amounted to 303,0091.; the exoess drawnoutbyeavings.banknsheyond thesams paidin (including interest) to 701,3131.; the sumspaid for the purchase of stock asnd Exeheqoerbills to .2t778.761l.; the sums received for sale of stock, &o., to2,266,478L; and the dividends reeeived by the commissioners on stock, &c., invested to 1,008,7111. The total ameunt of interest credited to savings-banks on the capital sumneinvested withthe commissioners durnn the aame year was 1,109.5021. IRIsH TsItNQuLITri.-As a gratifying instance of the progress of lrshh tranquillity, It may be mentionod that the county inspector for the North Riding of Tipperary hUas just received orders from Dublin Castle for the re duction of the constabalary force of that once lawless district by 240 men. SHARP Pn.&ncg. -In the Crown Court, on Friday. Mr. Fersguson, a medical gentleman from Bolton, while passing to the witness-box to give evidence, had -hii pocket picked of a valuable go)& wattb, and this in the very face of the judge, the Kw4 ALr. Baron Watson.-Liverpol Da-UV Post.po
I . . . L 2 t ) ZI * * * ttw.nw fl~~~~~~T~~ flWU t~~~~*~W1~~~~'a . I ' rxy.& - zreT ' D!KlWOEI$ ' - L His Excellenicy the Erl of Carlisle; i n m by Lady Fanny Eowazi- o-. seretary, and MajoB otu,left cubiidodl se12 otclock,ebyig tr an o ;tii bridge termineus, n rouy for sWiurfordi. f gurPose of bing prt at the Icual-h ition whis E will be heid is tey. red royo. Major F. R. Foster, of htee 4tn MDrjgoorG Sta hsa beenappointedaa.tvride.de-esmpcepgg. resgned. The Vieeregal pof t hedetl Eqis iT junction *t 3 o'cloc. th Tie oationoat kipperuy. we decorated aith laue and fuoit l ouquet, t anth senveral trains proceeding nuaud4ownthe line:bdUr aurel bran9the.on the engcnem, MgOalt. The bearing his Excellency was. slutedy-gner. cn-' the ate as it pover 4by. 0 n0 reachang tbey samt,i, at Fiddown the M,aruis of Waterford lras inwMt-, in.g, and his Excellency, having entered the sae> of the noble m squhis, proc1eled tQ TOurrsguor-, The Earl of Carlisle is also h v$st aatletonth& . deat of the Hon. Major tluart. . b . 2 THEl THIOMSOND ZSTA I r., The imrensi estates of the la Mrquis cf TimTondrIying in the counties of'CIar ad Co to be old at t ee Coort in Henrietwt.estirBai th 8th, 9th, pad 10th of December nlext. Ti.e Ci etates extend over 40,000 acrer, and tey are. tohw dtivided into no less than 183 lob. Thrre lsoAvbi uork cota5in nearly 9,000 acoan, and iztclu4Jth, dtme de aad aottetoan Castle, for centuriesthz noble baonial idence of the O'Bryen famnily, . . , THE PROVISION TRDE!- The Cork Co stitufion. says,- Aprosidsr ble actiNty will probnbly be eeeaedi4 ostion traein t e sequenof of thedexkho iswa uppolshd I? irL hoork requirwd byb.the. Goverin-et duak,i ti.d esig wjter. The Admiralty haWys s&sad fort.di for the supply of 6,l00tierceeanA 5,000 hsesfaavyliqsl, wid the same quti of pork. Ofthoresttraot. t*' quired 2.500 tiercess ed 2,000 bbre f ,beef pand ess to be delivered at Deptford; l,fiOO'tieroe and 1,200 bezpsis et Gosport; a nike qantitymt Plymouth * au L00mDibrss 00 brels t lbowLft ere The amoontsoitrae tei finti to ho delivered as follows -Onetb,r4 df eah qouaniyfoD efch plpeo by tbe 9ts of Jau Iar, 1858; notHser.thirdehy eof 27thxof February, 1858; and therexnalp~rbo ythe noth. i, Ap1,188 atiiesy teuwerinquaedesird-o abhyapeoma notice thet the se od wloden hoop is tebaed, ofd a iron hoops ouIXl;wille reOquied for the b,m acedne with thecponditioso the revisd formef pcatricnd This, regulation will have rst Impont a t ey In modig U;, workwxhichwl11 be gven to tbe ooo trag de In os.. qtene of those contras It o ender tb e liwoant lsspc dthep nt on the journeima -eooper, enablin been to' romplete his eontract with lerainty, wler it oa alo ti to enoourae the imporion o Enjosh oes Theoitends cdl be opened on Thursday, tbe tr Ogdobr ngat." coMPmnxzlvn EXAMNTION. The result of the recent competitive examinatiorns' for appointments in the fIndian civil service has, of course, greatly elated t he good people of the north- . en province, three of the prie being carried oth by pupils of the "Godless? Queen'e College in Belat, one of the wrinners seading first upon the list. The p ortezorn Whig observes:- ' Thisweompetitivesewilj unquesiatraeln teaum of, time place the Indie Administion in the hands of a body of highly-educate, accomplihe men, whs ppoiDtmetIt prove capacity, whose early habits of appliction sd iezetel training must eminently qualif them for acq%uirng fite. snowolege atd experienee whice their duotirs,louire,and whose refinement moy presDat insupeabl e the continnce of the or and brutal treotmet to whiWh the tives of India hve stematicarly been beced.. We are highly gratifed to fithatour cofutrymen haV; wetered adirlt into tht field; an that toq orve metwti. suoh a3tingur sed ucces alredy is higely eopliment ry to their capacty, as el s a a vourabb oi en or fotu future." 8P0LE ON THE ssTaG Mr. James Sv olln'` first experiment on publc - patienuc as the personal narrator of his exploits in connexion writh the Broadtone tragedy wsa de- . dded failure in the financial see. p when the cur-- tain of St. Patrick'r Theatre rose yesterday the audience of the interesting lecturer, including fepress reporters, adsroely eceeded a dozeln perwohs.n among whom thefinitiated coul traoe tho featureso more thn one of the detective police f orce. The elde son officiated as money-taker at the doors, oubsideof whBich a large and not ver good-huamoured moba had assembled, discnssing it groups the aodacity of the widol proceeding, and w pseaonn . taheir opinions with tremars far froes fomrpunmentwar as rlcarded ur. Spollen'n clains to the ymrpathy of the citizens of Dn g lin. S hi ' assembly room was afmews -gloomty apilrmeat nell adapted either for the confession or narrative of a murder, and in wohich the attendance at no tive exceeded a dozen -ersons, of wihom three or our: w.ere detectiveau' pollen ca"se forward ewith a manuscript in his hand, but wlhich, so far from being the promised personal narastive, was merely an abject wuhinig appeel fet a suobcription to enable him to emigrate oom-- fortably. He wa proceeding to explain what an expense hisfamily wlere to him, and how much ha stood in need of asitance, when one of the two or . three persns preent intrupted him writh an ex--. preusion of their deep disgus at the whole proceeding, and, after referring tofthe rntor's" fortunate esape on his trial, called upon him to explain wrho told his wife where the money was hid, to wa .Spollen replied, "That is nothing to you, Sir," and then added that "oif he was the most guilty man in existence he was not to be left to starve." Afe A short pause he agin resumed his begging petition ' appeasing to the gendtemen of the pres (who formed almost his only audience) to give th favourable report of his proceedings. re concluded by stating that 'supposing he was thie guilty man it was a st dreadfultin tohaethe sacred bond of matrimony destroyed by his wife.", Here he wvas interrupted by a request to state as. formerly who told his wife w here the money , to wrhich he replied, " he did not knows, he had lo: suspicion," adding further,- 'There may be domestic fights thatit wcould not be d erf feeling to me to onSerinto *nr Wl 9atioo o R perhaps it more honourabis that I aheul,1 hold them, and tha th6yoald remain with myself. C y position is a oery severe one." In the evening Spollen mlderisn scond appearance, but, as before, only' two or three wvere present be-- sides the police and representadives of the D n O)ne of the public addressed Spollen, conjuring hi3, to give suc¢hexplanations as would remove the doubts of his innocence, or at once to deClare hinself guilty 'if he was guilty. Spollen answereds " What course am I to adopt 1" when suddenly hix. son rushed forwrd, and in the most excited mannor told him not to anser such questions. THE FUNDS.: 9l9VeThree" fe et.Ckor aooount, 10th of Sepb,i* .~ 9ti9; Nlr hroparCent.-Sbock, 902 :diwo fee account, pOth of 8ep6ember, 9Dj 91; Boya Bak edIr land (101.. paid), 22. City of Dublin 8tcai Cmpban y (50L paid),384; Wicklow Copper Mie (di. d a. BaIa'yu., -Esifast and Balyen (OC. _paid 49i; Dublinari, Kingatdown (1001. paid). 162; D'ndl ad EnraslLh m ;tOl. pad, 1; dand Gree Wetrnad Roa lat
AnzMr TO MURDR A Po4oL srOsTAZLU.,. Yesterday aibernoou grat exdft.memt. we W reate in 1h8. Imtedlase noighbourhood of Drury.lan.I li Io qu of an atempt hsamn bee ma by an 'Worgan to mure a aflerF , whie in -th vwqwwc of 1i dtty, by hibh m ifminaa n dp eof th6 body. From the Va n oIad t S boy had been tlwm intb the out* of TGUM iaM . Gyrner'I6.5 ot.th - rdivis. for - !ffQRMa"--t wh@enh aW xuooded t etig tits boy s T3C a women amed Souivta whohs tue ug tj custody for asaulting- he polioe, semi in t: tW ofioar and tried to ecue big pralcer. The 0osbl*? finlng that remonstraoe with ah u ws usA and that he was oollecting a crowd arouD him, madams' attempt to tise ber into cusody, and as he s no tr7lag' the 'eribted woman turned round upon, him aud drew a' brp.pointed knife from someparof liar arem and lA ae weapon into his bad hree orIfoutrMm& tnif ad iSA thoat onoe en twice. Blood in-eopiow strems 9' from eadh WOUnd4 and tih injei-i *fflaw yiacedbee4 cab and forthwith emoved te ha; e sHo e he at present rema ins' a somwht a ceUdiyU2t The woman has leen taken inlOW10i buY t , te2ll serious nature of the injuries tbehsqffeer.P b taeir4i*b unable at present to appear and give eiidence'ap1it4 hetr Busi 0s or.Co ESm or SuPPY.T;The.&l_t Committee appotnted "«to co6sider the presentf'orm ifOr. the conduct of public business incommiltt1eshulppy *liht power to report their obserytinns and "imn'1her u b6 to the House,"' have agred to the following eolutl6on 1, That in a commitWee- of tpiyvtI e preSent m hO1 putting the questioo on-an samendment for a:i m4 vote be altered. -2; Thit .in a coMin oit , .1 psopj4's member be at' libety'toty lc * t 4e -opjAin :e s.w mittes on any item coninedintbseto.]'). a .h : an amendment is proposed to leaveoutorqdoi;:-- tibuIsr,item of. a vote, the, quettiCn ews i'bW ptfij: : cbhir whether the proposed reduotido (ipeeylithe lt) be agreed to. 4. That vthe sera 1nend1teata.tod 4dif;-,fecent items are propoted, t1tey8sebiU;tac1rinn tbe-te,dt: in r.hich they appear it.tba ptintd astirn~ee.X Z ThkJ, wlieg a motion shail i Davd bee1i vae ndXqestitfo* af.*te tlhe reduetion of any item,-no.qestions furtberodiu~tbiojutJ at7 p ei-rgibm ehvlFb b'pt.: t61Ts.li tion or reducsions shall. hve beeu agreed h, the ote o so . duced shall bo.put fro Pthrcbji -
SECOND EDITION, THE TIMIES-OFFITE, Thuwrsday Morning. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday (Wednesday), 6 p.m. :- The dissensions in the Greek Chureh in Syria and Egypt, instead of being appeased, appear to bo as angry as ever, -and form the principgal topio in a corTrspondence from Damascus novr before rne. It is there stated that the United Greek Catholic population of that city, to the number of 5,226, who have refused to accept the Gregorian Calendar, finding that they could not obtain the use of the church built at their cost, because the Patriarch imposed upon them as a condition of their admission the aseeptauce of the calendar in question, had signified to that dignitary that if he did not concede to them entrance, or at least give up to them a part of the buildling, they would bring an action against hica. They deny his right to dispose of a church which does not belong to him, but to the Greek Catholics, in number about 4,000. It appears, however, from these letters that the French Consul had promised his support to the Patriarch, and had recommended him to refuse all the de!mands of the people, telling him that he had written to his brother, Secretary of Embassy at Constantinople, to obtain from the Sultan an order againstthe applicants, and that he ws about to write again, renewing his request. Thus encouraged, the Patriarch parsisted in his refusal. Thereupon all the Bishops met in council, and resolved to address to him a final letter, representing that his persistence, would be the ruin of the Church, for that a schism was imminent, and signifying to hemthat if he did not give wvay, and return tothe old calendar, they themselves would form a synod and designate a Bishop to replace him, a step in which they should hold themselve5 justified by the fact that, out of the whole Greek Catholic body in the East, consisting of about 84,000 souls, only 9,000 had accepted the new calendar. It was the opinion in Damascus that this representation would have have been effectual, and that the Patriarch would have consented to revert to the old calendar, but for the advice and promises of the French Consul, which induced him to remain obstinate, in the belief that, by refusing the people the use of the church, he would force them to accept the Gregorian Calendar. The consequence is, that the whole Greek Catholic Church in the East is at present in a state of confusion and discord. From Alexandria a letter, dated the 6th of AuguBt, says that Consul Sabatier was stiU causing search to be made for the priest who had said mass in the new church closed by his order, aud who, if found, was to be exiled. People -were at a loss to understand in virtue of what right he thus acted, and how he could consider himself justified in thus persecuting an ecclesiastic who was a Turkish subject, who had no account to render save to his superiors, and whose only offence was having perforned mass contrary to the orders of the Patriarch, but with the authorization of all the Bishops. The new church, closed by order of M. Sabatier, had not yet been re-opened, and the consequence was that no ieas than 409 families had become schismatics. It was hoped and impatiently expected that the French Government 'would not delay to investigate the conduct of the Consul and restrain an interference which nothing appeared to justify. The supposition lately admitted by not a few persons, thatiRussian influence had been employed to embroil us with China, and to promote disaffection among our Indian troops, gives additional interest to even smal details concerning the proceedings of the first-named Power in the East. The religious mission maintained by her at Pekin has, there can be no doubt, important politica} objects. The head of this mission, the Archimandrite Gouri, who had been for some time at St. Petersburg, returned to his post last spring. On his arrival in Pekin he waareceived moast cordialy at Court, and he shortly afterwards addresed an elaborate report to the Emperor of Russia, explaining the position of afirs in China. it was after the receipt of this despatch that a report was circulated at St. Petersburg that the Emperor proposed to send a Russian squadron to the China Seas. A telegraphic despatch from Constantinople announces that the Sultan has comniunlcated to those European A mbassadors who had suspended relations with the Porte that he is occupied in the formation of his new Ministry, and that, until the Cabinet should be constructed, diplomatic intercourse could not be resumed. The Marquis de Moustier refused the Embassy to St. Petersburg on the ground of the delicate state of his health. It is understood that the King of Pru8sia was very unwilling he should leave Berlin, and expressed his wish that he should remain. M. de Moustier has left Paris, where he has been on leave of absence, for the department oi the Doubs, and will afterwards return to his former post. An inquiry has been made, by order of the Minister of War, into the circumstances of the late fatal duel between two cadets of St. Cyr. It having appeared that everything was fairly conducted, the survivor has only been sentenced to serve for one year as a private soldier in a regiment, and then to return to his studies. This punishment may be considered almost,'nominal, as it is probable that after he has been entered on the strength of a regiraent he will receive leave of absence. Ele is quite a boy, and of a gentle and amiable charater; but It appears that the young man he was so unfortunate as to kill had for some time past made a practice of tormenting him, until at last the provocation became umendurable. This would seem, therefore, not to be a case in which a severe example could with propriety be made, but it would be well if, when a case shall occur in which there are fewer extenuating circumstances, the authorities were to avail of it to mark their disapproval of the duels that are too frequent at the bitary Schools. The army, in this respect, sets a bad example to the fiery voung men to whom swords are entrusted before they have emerged from boyhood. Throughout the service duels are of frequent occurrence, usually on the most trivial grounds, frequently without any cause whatever, except that some quarrelsome or overbearing man thisks fit to provoke a new comer to the corps. To-day's Unsiers has the following sensible remarks on the subject - "1 We cannot cloe our eye to what is passing i ueveral of the corps which compose the army, nor concel the dangermas imporane acquired byperverted and satiated men whose lives are a burden to themselves as also to their companions, and who are ready to expose their existence, provided they ca exiana the patience of thee who have the honour and mert of disPleasing them. Wheever is at all acquainted with miitaty life vill admit that to the above c.use, rather than to the effervence of age, o to an exaggerated tentlment of honour, must 1e ascribed the occurzezwe of duels. When creaturee of the above species shall be overawed by the law, the security of fanllle3 and the cause of civilization will be gainers, without the honeur of our armies being In the slightest affected." It is stated that the steam cutter Aigle, to which Captadn Iejeune has been appointed, is about to proceed on a mision to Calcutta. The Queen of England arrived yeeterday morning in the Royal yacht in signt of Oherbourg, and was saluted by the batteries of the coast. In the expecta tion that Her Majestys excursion might extend an far us Havre, orde were given to have measureg taken to salute Her Majesty, and two detachments of artillerymen were posted, one on the Place de Provence, and the other on the southern battery, where they remained the greater part of the afternoon without their services being called into requiaL tion. Pilots were alo directed to proceed out into the roadatead in case the Royal yacht might require any assistance. A newspaper relates that a curious cause is about to be tried before the Civil Tiibunal of the Seine. A M. Tiquet, a rich carpet manufacturer, died a short time ago in consequence of a fal he had had amidst a confusion of vehicles, at the entrance of the Rue du Faubourg Montmartre. By his will he left to the city of Paris a legacy of bOO,OOOf., to be applied to the construction of a bridge for foot passengers over theboulevard andconnecting the streets of MIontmartre and Faubourg Montmartre, that being the spot where he met with his accident. His heirs dispute the validity of this legacy, whioh the city of Paris defends, subject to the fulfilment of the condition annexed to it. The vacation over, the Tribunal will decide between the litigants Should the legacy be confirmed by its decision, the construction of the aerial bridge will show whether such erections are convenient and desirable, a question that has of late been not umfrequently discussed. The Emperor and Empress and the Prince Imperial arrived at Bayonne yesterday morning, at half-past 10 o'clock, and were received with the most enthusiastic acclamations. Although the Imperial party had expressed a desire to travel incognito, several triumphal arches had been erected in the town, and an immense crowd was assembled in the streets to welcome their Majesties, who, after a short pause, proceeded to Biarritz, where they arrived a little before 11 o'clock, in excellent health. A special train had arrived some hours before at Bayonne, with six carriages and 20 horses for the service of their Majesties. Prince Napoleon is to go to the Sardinian frontier to cornpliment King Victor Emmanuel on the occasion of the junction of the French and Piedmontese lines of railway, at which His Majesty will be present. It is eaid that the Prince viUll afterwards make a tour in Italy. An unlicensed broker, named Joseph CoUon, doing business on the Paris Bourse, was sentenced yesterday by the Police Court of Paris to imprisonment for two mouths and a fine of 100f. for having publicly asserted that the conspiracy to assainate the Emperor, for which the conspirators were lately convicted before the Court of size, was a plot got up by the police to influence the elections. Rear-Admiral Clavaud has been appointed to the command of the French squadron in the Levant, vice Rear-Admiral Count Bouet-Willaumez, -whose term of foreign service has expired. Rear-Admiral Viscount de Chabannes succeeds Rear-Admiral La Rocque de Chaufray as Commander-in-Chief at Brazil. Rear-Admiral Fourichon replaces RearAdmiral Vihcount de Chabannes as Commandant of the naval force at Algeria ; and Rear-Admiral Aubry-Bailleul has been appointed Major-General of Marines at Toulon, in the room of Rear-Admiral Clavaud. The Semtaphore de Marseilles says " Our correspondent at Mogador, wrlting under date of the 4th, states that the Emperor of Morooco, after a reel denoe of four yeas at the capital of that name, has left for Fez. His son, Sidi Mohammed, the heir presmptive to the throne, who had been Governor of Fez, repls the Emperor at Morocco. The Prnce, just before his journey put down an insurrection whioh took place among some tribes." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- "MABSEMLLES, Aua. 18. "Intellgence from Tunis, of the 13th, announces that three days before a sanguinary disturbanee took plac agnst the Jews. Even the Christians were menaced. Several persons were killed, and the English Consul Ws insulted Military measures of repression were adopted, but not until after grave disAers had taken place." " MAIDRfI, &crr 1 All the Ambassadors present in this capital assisted at the 'banquet given by the French Ambassador. " The payment of the Mirds loan is now complete." The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 67t. for the end of themonth,and the Four-and-a-Half perCents. at 93f, 75c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,451f. 25c.; Great Northern, 870f.; Strasburg, 690f; New Shares, 675f.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediter ranean, 892!. 50c. ; Western of Fnce, 725f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 647f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 615f.; Lyons and Geneva, 677f. 5c. ; Bank of Cr&dit Mobllier, 960f.; Aiustian Railways, 665f.; Roman Bailways, 505f. ; Russian Railways, 516f. 25c. Cours Authentiqma-Paius, August 19.-Cash 1Jrces.- Four-and-aBalI per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 ers 93f. 750. ; Four per Cents., Sf. 50c. - piree per Cents, 67£ 671. 6c.; Bank of Franoe, 2,8 Of. 2 795f 2 790; ditto (275f. paid), 2,800f. 2,795f. 2,790f.; (dit Fncler, ObUgations of 500., Four per Cents., 425f. 427f, 50c; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 80!.; Pron. Obligations of 1,000., Three per Cents., 930f.; Cr6dit Mobiller, 962t. 50c. 960!. 962f. 50c. 95f. ; Discount Bank, 675f,; Pied. montese Five per cents., 89LOc. 2vc - ditto, Three per Cents., 541.; Austrian Five per Cents. 89& i; BelgianFour and-s-Half per Cents., 99.j; ditto, TAree per )ents., 57f.; Rentes de Naples (Rothschild's), 109; Roman,, 86g. I5xchange on London, at sight, paper, 251. 20o.; mone5', 25L! 200,; three mnonths, paper, 24!. t82i0o; rmney, 241. SOc. AUSTRIA. (PrOM OUa OWN OOlErONDMq.) VIENNA, AUG. 17. Professional politicians in this country do not agree with their French colleagues in thinking that the British Government will find it excessively difficult to Put down the military insurrection in the Bengal Presidency. The energy displayed by the head of the Cabinet, and the equanimity of the British nation inspire respect and confidence; and the subjoined article, which is from the Triest. Zeiftum, correctly expresses the opinion which pre. vails in this empire as to the probable isue of the approaching conflict between British troops and Sepoys- H However much the English may have sinned in India, it is impossible to consider their present position without experiencing a feeling of admiration. Surrounded by treahery and mutiny, menaced by doubtful friends as muclh as by open and deadly enemies, a smal band braves all danger, and appears to acquire fresh couage in proportioa as its difficulties increase. The BrtitS troops seek their enemies wherever they are likely to find them, attack them in spite of their own inferiority in point of numbers, and defeat them as completely as a handful of Spanirds once did the hosts of Montezuma, The British in India evidently feel that they do not fight simply for wife and child, goods and chattels, life and honour, but for the wesal of their native country, Vhich, if deprived of Indian would speedily lose its rank among the nations. The EngUSsh prove that they are equal to the present great emergency, and are worthy champions of civilizatioee The King of Delhi is a mere puppet, andno onecn fancytat inhimles the germ of a better futuxe for the countries watered by the Ganges. Would it be to the advantage of Europe that England should lose Bengal? Would a Ruian dtholder in Calcutta be preferable to a Brith pro-Consul " It is our belief that the superiority of race will be quite as much felt in the East Indies as it has been elsewhere The eventual sucoess of the English cannot be doubted, and that success will be the triumph of Europen ecivization, which has stlll many and most lmportnt dutles to perform In the East." The diocesan of Augsburg in Bavaria bar followed the example given by his right reverend brother of Pavia, and pronounced sentence of excommunica. tion against M. Spindler, a canon; Me Feroemer, a rector; M. Fischer, it rector; M. Lutz, a dean; and MI Egger, a chaplain. The offence committed bythe reverend gentlemen was, that theF openly said their religion was based on divine revelation alone. The Augsburg chapter received instructions to examine into the religious opinions of the five priests, and its report was, that there was no trace of heresy in their doctrines. The Church of Rome, however, abhors innovators, and the offenders were ordered publicly and in writing to dc4 clare their belief " that there was no salvation to be found out of the pale of the Roman Catho- iic Church, and that the Pope and the Bishop3 of his noninatioi wer6 'the o'rgans appointed b? God-to govern and rule over his Chnrch;" The' reply given by the priests was, that they firmly believed that salvation was to be found within the pale of the Roman Catholic Church, but they declined to express their conviction that no salvation was posdible for the many millions of Christians belonging to those oriental and occidental Churches which had not the word "Roman" prefixed to them. This answer gave such offence to the Bishop that he publicly denounced the five priets as heretics, deprived them of their livings, and excommunicated them. Two of them, M. Fernsemer and Me Fischer, have been expelled by the Bavarian police from the kingdom, and the other three are confined to their native places, and wil be treated as common malefactors if they should attempt to leave them. Some people are inclined to fear that the Papal See will regain the power and influence which it enjoyed in the roidcdle ages, but there is little real cause for alarm, The Ultramontanists may have the upper hand for a season, but the force of circumstances will assuredly soon put an end to their sway. The conviction that such will be the case Is so strong, both here and in Germany, that very few laymen believe theAustrian Concordat will be in force 10 years hence. The Bishop of Bergamo, some time since, took on himself the duties of a director of police, and iesued orders that the Bergamo Gazette should cease to appear. The proprietor of the paper ap pealed against the decree of the rev. gentleman, but failed to obtain satisfaction, as no civil functionary, boehe Minister or Commissary, would remain long in office if he openly opposed the Roman Catholic hierarchy. It would, however, be a mistake to sup. pose that the nation willingly bends its neck to the yoke which has been imposed on it. A few days sincoe Major-General Degenfeld committed suicide here, but the clergy did not venture to protest against his being interred in consecrated ground. A newspaper stamp of half a kreldtzer (about a farthing) will probably be introduced on the 1st of January, 1858, and no permission to publish a paper will in future be granted to a Protestant or to a Jew. The German press is just at present greatly occupied with His Prussian Majesty, who, in de, fiance of the Kreutz-Zeitunger party, has publicly expressed his hope that the members of the Evangelical Union will assemble in great numbers at Berlin. The object of the Evangelical Union or Alliance is to bring about a fusion of the various Protestant sects, and naturaly such a hopeful scheme meets with the approval of the amiable Royal visionary. A monument is to be erected to the memory of General von Auerswald, who was tnurdered at Frankfort on the 18th of Sep. tember, 1848. The poplar, at the foot of which Prince Lichnowsky was literally dismembered by the mob, is also to be enclosed. The tree, which was once of goodly proportions, is now a mere stump, as most of the persons who have visited It during the last nine years have carried a piece of it away with them. A foreigner, who is in a position to form a correct opinion on the subject, states that Trieste is not thriving. It is true that the port is thronged with steamers belonging to the Austrian Lloyd, but the number of merchant vessels Is mach smaller than it was some years ago. With evident satisfaction the Triest. Zeitung announces that the contents of the Overland (India) Mail are now telegraphed from Trieste to the principal Marseilles firms. M. de Marcello, the newlyappointed Podesta of Venice, was expected to arrive at that city from Switzerland on the 13th inst. The dismissal of Count Correr, the former Podesta, caused great surprise, as he was a favourite at Court, and not long ago received pecuniary assistance from the State. The Rusan Uount Graziani has been endeavouring to persuade Vienna firms to supply some of th'e Russian failroads with --rolllng Atock," and to take shares in payment of the same; but the Autrians are not fond of hazardous (foreign) specula. tions, and have declined to treat with the noble Rutsian agent. The Emperor returned from Hungay to hie castle at Laxenburg, near this clty, in the evening of Saturday, the 15th inst. His Majesty, who will be 27 years of age to-morrow, will go to Parendor4 a village on the Austro-Hungarian frontier, In a day or two. Ten cavalry regiments, composed of some 9,000 men, are encamped at Parendorf, and will execute a series of manceuvres under the eye of the Emperor. It is related that Schamyl is again in posession of the fortified " Auls" (villages) in Daghestan, which were not long since taken from him by the Russians. PRUSSIA. At a general meeting of tha shareholders of the Royal Bank, held on the 18th Inst., it was proposed to raise the rate of discount from 5 to 5i per cent., leaving the rate of interect on advances as before, at 6 per cent. TURKEY. The Ottoman Government has addreased a cireular to its representatives at the Couz-s of the great Powers to communicate to the respective Governments all the incidents oonnected with the reeent MinIsterial eriis at Constantinople, and an explanation of everything connected with the elections in Moldavia. ITALY. (OmoM OUR OwV X00 RR&POcqN.) TURIN, AUG. 17. The news which has been allowed to transpire here to-day, of the appointment of the Due de Gramont as French Ambassador at Rome, is believed by people in authority here to be a fact of great significance. Taking into conideration aU the circumstances of the case,-that the Count de Rayneval's subservience to the views of Rome were wellknown from the first year of his residence at that Court, and had become undeniable sinee the publication of hisecelebrated despatch-that the Due de Gramont was one of the most active agents in bringing about the Sardinian alliance with the Western Powers, and has greatly contributed to the eonsolidation of the sme since by his own personal good qualities-and that the Court of Rome has just again given a touch of its quality, by showing Its old disposition to continue irreoonclable to this-country, notwithstanding the recent advances niade by King Victor Bimanuel, in sending s apecial mission to compliment the Pope at Bologna;-taklng these things into conzideration, it is not unnatural that the Government here should attach great importance to the removal of the Count de Raynevil and the nomination of the Due de Gramont i his stead. For their own sakes the Duke and Duches de Gramont wil ba much regretted by society here, whether official or unoffcial ; but, politically speakdng,no appointment could have been more gratifying to the Sardinian Government, and, indeed, to what is ealled the " Pledmontese Party," throughout Italy, than that nowr made by the French Government. The Duc de Gramont'es uccessor hero is to be the Prince de L- Tour d'Auvergne, now French Minister at Florence. Who is to replace the Prinoe at Florence, or what is to becoma of Count de Rlayneval I have not heard; but probably the latter may be sent to Madrid or St. Petersburg, to which place the I DuO de Gramont has been half a dozen times ac- credited within the last two years by the Paris pres or his talents may posibly bo reserved for counsel in the French Senate. The Prince de la Tour dAixvergne is certainly not considered a politician of very warm sympathies, or very active tempera2neift, bht bInce he has been in Tuscany- he has always supported M. Baldasseionitrs policy of maint,iining the independence of the country from Papal aggressiou, and, accredited to the same Courto as Lord Normanby, he was by comparison esteemed a Liberal. It is to be hoped, therefore, that, whoever .may be his successor, he will at least uphold the same resistance to those attacks on the Leopoldine laws which are daily becoming more violent, and that the Prince himself will follow the rsame course here that led his predecessor to so much popularity, and that tended so much to cement the good understanding between the Freneh and Sardinian Courts. I have spoken of the irreconcileable rpirit lately evinced by the Court of Rome towards this Government. I believe theinstances of this feeling are not a few, but that which is the most striking, and has been the most public, is the reception of Monsignor Franzoni by the Pope the other day at Bologna. Monsignor Franzoni, it will be recollected, was Archbishop of Turin at the time of the enacting of the law called the " Siccardi Law" (from the name of the eminent statesman who introduced it in the Chambers), by which the Ecclesiastical Courts were abolished and the clergy were made responsible to the civil power, and he forbad his clergy to administer extreme unction to the dying Count Santa Rosa, who was then a Minister of the King, and had voted in favour of the Siccardi law, for which XMonsignor Frauzoni was sentenced to exile and the loss of his see by the Piedmontese Courts of Justice, and now it is announced by the official paper of Bologna that His Holiness received this offender against Sardinian laws with marked consideration. Describing the reception, the words of the Bologwz Gazette are these *--" One of the most intrepid and zealous defenders of the rights and privileges of the Apostolic Roman Catholic Holy See, who came expressly from his place of exile to perform an act of devoted homage to the Vicar of God on Earth, by whom he was received with immense benignity and most especial love." It is not surprising that the Sardinian Government should feel hurt and disappointed at such a pointed insult to the institutions of the country, immediately following its well-meant advances towards a reconciliation, and, therefore, you will be prepared to learn that Oavaliere Boncompagni has received leave to absent himself from Florence during the time of the Pope's sojourn there, which means in fact that he is ordered away so that the feelings of this Government, with regard to the reception of M. Franzoni and other acts of the Court of Rome, may be as marked as possible. Between this Government and that of Naples there has lately broken out a very serious difference, which threatens at no distant period to lead to an interruption of diplomatic relations. The quarrel is, of course, ascribable more or less to the recent Mazzinian attempt and the capture of the Cagliari, but, although the real views of the Neapolitan Government on that matter were well known to all Europe, Its official language in communicating with the Government here always gave promise that the laws of nations and of humanity would be respected in dealing with the persons and property of Sardinlan subjects taken in that Ml-fated vessel. The Sardinian Government expreses its willingess to aid the Neapolitan in the most searching inquiry as to the culpability or innocence of all concerned; but it naturally insist that those who have been unfortunate enough to fall into the power of the Neapolitan Government should be treated with the deceney due to civilized beings, whether they be guilty or not.
AMRICA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) IXVERPOOL, THuRsDAY Mosnwa. The Liverpool, Philadelphia, and New York Steam Ship Company's screw steamer Kangaroo has arrived from New York, with one day's later advices, 150 parsengers, and $51,000 in specie. The screw steam ship New York, of Glasgow, had arrived at New York Advices from the Washington correspondent of the New York Herald state that the New Granadian difficulty has been virtually settled. No difficulty was anticipated between Spain and Mexico. The Spanish Minister had called and delivered to General Cass a draught on Havannah for $35,000, with which to pay the interest on the Spanish debt in New York. The St. Louis Dem4crat reports that Governor Walker was sill encamped at Lawrence. His force had been increased. The legislative apportionment gave 10 members to 50 counties, and 42 members to 1T counties. A collision had occurred on the St. Lawrence between the steam boats Quebec and Montmorency; the latter was sunk, but no lives were lost. The dissolution of the Tehuantepec Company had been commenced at New Orleans. The coast of New Brunswick had experienced a disastronu gale, which caused great loss of life and destruction among the fishing boats. Two Americans and four Democrats are said to have been elected for Kentucky. Alab3ma had elected a Democrat. The New York coommercial advices report that there was-more activity in the money-market, but the demand was freely met, and there was no difficulty in finding any amount on call, on current securities. The Stock-market was inactive and more depressed, and with no indications of improvement. The rate of exchanges remained inaltered. The Pera's advices had caused an advance in cotton of Ac. per lb. Midland uplands was quoted 15ic., and middling New Orleans at 15#c. Flour was firm, writh a good eastern demand; Indian corn was also firm0 lFreights were moderate, and rates unchanged.
THE INDIAN MAILS. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHL) SOUTlAMPTON, TUVISrAY MOi-Na. The European and Ausralian Companyla steam. ahip Jura, from Alexandria,with the Bombaymalls, has just arrived in the River.
ITHE SOUTHERN STATES OF AMERICA. THIE DISMAL SWAMP. (rOM OUTJ SPFCIAT, CRRWR1AWnWI' I U1±A KLISTON, SOUTH OAROLINA, AUGurST. A few miles from the town of Norfolk, southvward, nearly on the frontier line between Virginis and North Carolina, begins the " Dismal Swamp." It extends far along the sea coast of the last-named State, covenng a surface of many square miles-a wild, uncultivated tract, but by no means barren; it haa received a bad name, to which additional notoriety has been given by the tale of Dred; in that Negro romance the Swamp figuros largely as the resort of runaway slaves and the haunt of the half-erazed black prophet and denouncer, the sable Mucklewrath, who forms the threatening pendant to Umwle Tom. The verse of Moore has also aided in giving the region an iU repute; and to the popular mind the Dismal Swamp is probably a gloomy waste of quagmire, the abode of doleful creatures ancd slimy amphibia, with a soil repulsive to the eye and treacherous to the foot, a reproduction in the New World of that Serbonian bog in which "armies whole have sunk." In justice, however, to this dismal region, it should be stated that it is better than its reputation; it is rather a vast forest on a wide tract of peat and marsh, with an exuberant, often fantastic, vegetation, than a total swamp. An agriculturist with strong convictions on the efficacy of drainage would pronouncemuch of it highly improvable, and see it, as in a vision, converted into arable and pasture. Beneath a brilliant sunshine, and in the first flush of summer, even those lers hopeful of the future must admit that the luxuriance and variety of its forest scenery arn not equalled in many localities of more auspicious name. Nothing like it can be found on the higher and more arid soil of the interior, where the pine is the prevailing feature of the landscape; on this swamp nature seems actually to riot and revel in production, so various and so abundant is the vegetation ; and of every variety of forest tree some of the very finest specimens of each kind may be found, either of the cedar, the live oak (the evergreen oak, or Rlex), the fir, and juniper. The undergrowth of bush is perfectly dense, matted and tangled together by gigantic creepers that crawl quite ans well as they climb, ascending the highest trees or stretching from one to another like ropes, naked as the mere twisted hemp in the shade, but when touched by the sunlight expanding into garlands and wreaths of verdure. The dead trees that stand like skeletons among the living are grasped by this lithe and active family, and charitably clothed with a life other thau their own. It is impossible to penetrate the thicket, a combination of forest and jungle, to the right or left of the paths cleared by the axe or the more effective agency of fire; but wherever it has been thus opened the scene is the reverse of dismal. There is no monotony, which is rather a characteristic of the pine forests of the north. The forms of the foliage are so endlessly varied and rich in colour that they would defy pencil and palette to reproduce them; and even if they could, the effect would, perhaps, betoo startling for eyes unfamiliar with Southern scenes to accept as natural. American forests set at nought the conventionalties of European art as much In summer as in autumn, and faithful "studies" from the vegetation of the Dismal Swamp at this season would be so richly and brilliantly verdant that the artist would be taxed with exaggeration. The summer robe of the south is, indeed, one of many colours, I or at least hues, even more difficult to transfer to canvas than the yet deeper glories of its autumnal garb, with a similar risk of not finding full appreciation. A French artist pronounced the deep crimson of the maples in an American autumnal landscape affreua-so shocking did he think the audacious novelty of colour. A summer scene has many such surprises. One of the most frequent varieties of vegetation throughout this district of the south would be equally perplexing and obnoxious to the Academic eye, it has so much of the odd and fantastic, as if Nature had indulged in a practical joke. Most of the larger trees are bearded with an abundant growth of a gray moss, or parasitic plant, that hangs in long tufts and fringes from the branches, swaying in the wind in thick masses of vegetable hair, so like the. similar exerescence of the human subject that it imparts a kind of life to the older denizens of the forest, which, especially in the twilight, has something both of the awful and grotesque. The more or less of sunshine, indeed, has a great deal to do with the general effect of the swamp scenery. Just at this season, and in the bright noon of day, all that is reached by the sun is cheerful; but a plunge beneath the thick canopy changes the aspect of things very suddenly. The shadows of the swamp are deep, and beneath the " greenery" there are spots of cavern-like gloom. The soil is a black peat; the roots and trunks of the trees are black; the water everywhere is dark, sometimes to utter blackness, suggestive of the seven-fold Styx and the grim ferryman that poets write of. And the actual ferrymen of the region are black also, though not grim. The negro boatmen of the canal that cuts through it are only a little more inky in tinge than the waters they navigate, but so far from being grim they are rather merry and hilarious; they laugh loud and often, smile expansively at the sight of a quarter dollar, and sing at their work, which the whites are never heard doing. aigh w;ages, the dignity of labour, and the possibilit of beng sent to Congress, repress such levity. From all these sources of anxiety the negro is happily cut off, which may account for his superior cheerfulne The canal extends from the northern edge of the swamp to Lake Drummond, seven or eight miles in the interior; it is as small as a navigable watercourse can well be, and would not be thought a very formidable obstruction in a steeplechase. It is cut straight through the forest, with just space enough on each side for a footpath, by which the negroes run the long, narrow lumber boats by means of projecting side poles. This straight channel, with its dark water, overhung by high trees, is generally a line of shadow, silence, and stagnation, for the passage of the boats is not frequent. It brings loads of timber and shinglo out of the swamp, and sonetimes carries parties of visitors into it. There was once a house of enter- tainment on the lake, but the coming of guesnl wasJ uncertain, and it has been pulled down as a specu- s lationothat did not pay. Tourists who still occasionally penetrate the swamp must take their own provisions and the equipments required for camping out. They are rewarded for the enterprise by good fishing, the satisfaction of seeiDg a little of a locality of which r'obody knows much, and the chance of shooting a bear or a few wrild cats, unusual game which xnayJ still be found in the more remote recesse. According to local re- prt, the interior of the swamp itself is not unhealthy, though the country round its borders is so. The same authority confirms the accounts wre have heardb of runawray slaves finding both an asylum and the means of subsistence in it, but rather contradicts the statement that they are very keenly pursued and hunted out of it. So0me advantage, it appears, accrues to certain outaider and borderers from this concealed community of blac ks, and there are mail wpeculatorsiu the." shingle" tradewhohav a g2 to interest in using the labour of the fugitives thauin enforcing the strong statutes against them. in a word, more shingles are got out of the amp, as ilegally inhabited, than could be obtained tby making it a perfect desert by rigorous legal mi sumsL If a dark shingle splitter presents himel with four times the quantity of the article for a week's work than he could posibly have cut himself, he is paid without any close questl6ning as to who helped him, or what he pays his aids. These are matters private and personal between the parties. And by work thus furnished, bv fishing, and, it is said, cultivating small patches of the soil, the fugitives contrive to exist. They sometimes come out of the swamp, and are seen about the villag, but though their place of abode and manner of life are suspected, or even well known, they are not often molested. " Massa" may be a long way off, and there is a brisk demand for shingles. So the nearer advantage turns the scale against the majestv of the law, as it does in many portions of the earth besides the borders of the Dismil Swamp. The character of thf scenery of this region changes so little when the road quits the proper boundaries of the swamp, and sweeps with a large curve westward into the interior, that its description wi apply to the country for more than 200 miles further to the south. It is a continual forest, level, with no lage towns, few vilages, many scattered farmhoues and shanties, all alike, and all naked and unsightly, with what is strictly necemary for a shelter and not*1 more; widecearings, full of stumps, dead tre*, and much forest wreck, blscik -ith the osoffreWand behind th&m the ofernma grejn $fof i The further from the eacoast and its alluvial sil the more the pine tree abounds, cruelly scarred.for-iler together with the cutting into the trauk -made. So collect turpentine-a considerable Carolinij=ep port. The work of coUecting it appeasto be; carried on very leisurel, for a few negroes moving about among the trunks of the trees, are all the human operators to be seem; here and there at a station deep in the woods themt is a little sawing and coopering going oD to provide-the caaks, and at long intervals a pile of them filled is waiting for carriage, giving, the Air arolnld a plea. sant, piney smell. At Wilmington the sea coast is touched again, and after leaving it the country is another marshy tract, more decidedly swapy thsa the Dismal Swamp itzelf. The roadagamiknaaesh curve inland to KingViMle; somo line3 are eing constructed that Will shorten the distace., bat all the sections are not completed. As it is, the road approaches the coast and rcecdes rom it in two wide sweeps from NIorfolk to Wilmington, and from that place to Charleston, cutting through the same varieties of soil alternately, from the eastern marshes to the dryer laud of the interior and back to the mirs region again. Over the ground that in too soft the road is carried on piles, and the train jun' cauiously, for, with any de?parture from the right line of the rails, the locomotive would plunge over a fall of eight or ten feet and disappear, like the. cmnaniled horse and ite xider." Some of the competing lines tempt custom by announcing tiat oji their route there are " no trestles," as the plies aref alled, and " no mosquitoes." Both are things to be avoided, if possible, but, to reach the cost towns, the marshes must be rosed, andthepromise oferra fima all the way when it can only be keptonthe inland portion of te line, is asuppresaionof the facta. As to the mosquitoes, owing to the c-old ipifgthey' are very backward, like the crops, and only a few solitary specimens of that insect pest have yet been heard. South of Kingaville the country is mnore hilly and better cultivated and the houses improve in appearance. But still there is the boundlem forest, and presently the marsh again, with th1e doubtful "tre3tles" for longer spaces, and highier in elevation than ever. Approaching Charletm the lowlands are sometimes flooded, and the first line built Las had to be reconstructed at a higher level to clear the water. The old piles and sleepers have been left by the side and below the new ones, and the forest trees are already growing up between them, and the " bush " is burying them in rank vegetation; in a few years they will be invisible, and future trees will b rooted on them, as the existing race growon the buried trunks found under the present soil. IDthe. muddy pools by the railway track, the terrapin, a small kdnd of tortoise or turtle, is paddlgundisturbed, just showing his head and shell abve water; and there are alligators in the river beyond and the canals of the rice fields-all decided indications of the south. Further down the river, below the freh-water region of the rice plant, after threading more forest and crossing some wide saltmarshes, the city of Charleston is reached, which Is too large and too pleasant a place to be introduced at the end of a letter.
THE MILITIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-Lat FridaynightLordPanmnure isreported to have expressed himslf thus:- " It is not the right way to keep up the spiritof th. English Militia to treat it merely u a rriting depDt foe the regular army. . . . Do not give it out to the puboie that the Militias of no other ue than to pas mev into the lAne. It is intended for the defence of the country at home, arid I am proud to think that 66,ODO me of tb British Militia attained such a state of discipline in the lato war as even if every soldier of the reolar army had beem draughted to the seat of the hostilities would have placed she unirtd kingdom in an adequate posure of defence." This sounds weU; but let us look a little more cosely into all that it conveys. In the first place the official reports (quoted by Lord Lovaine in the House of Commons not long since) give us, not 66,000, but 51,183 men actumaly In the Militia ranks. Of these several thousand were nt to the Mediserraneau-of their exact number I amn nok certain, but, taking itlat 6,000 men, you hsve your " defensive force of last war" reduoea to 45,000. Now, it ii notorious that of these, owing to the onDtant drain front the M atin -ranks, -thw *fflux of their. best. nen aud th influx of raw recruits, at least one-fourkh were noneffective, and in case of emergency would bave been of no more use tan so many women or children. You havT thu a further reduction of 11,000, leaving in round numbers somewhere sbout 33,000 or 34,000 really avilable men Well, then, of these 33,000 or 89,000, howrmany ever fired r' ball cartridge? How many ever saw one? I had the honour of serving with a regiment of Miltia during the last period of embodiment, aad I ean aver with certainty that a ball cartridge was never fired by a single man belonging to it. A few blank cartridge we doled out with a moet niggardly hand at long intervals, anda few voUeys of these fired in the air was all the experience afforded to the men e4n of unpowder. Bt will thisteach the use of the musket-even of old brown Bess As to the MiniM or Enfield weapon, I suppose it would be onsidered. unheard-of presumption in a militiaman to apire to ths possesdon or use of such an article. Yet, if the Militia ever have to act as a defensive foroe, it will be against the beet and most perfect troops in the world, armed in the bst and most perfect manner. Against these, with our arms, and our training to the use of thoe arms, what would. be the chanoes of the best Militia regiment? There would be no flinching,-men and offioers would fight their besi16 but they would be shot down and destroyed by hundred, without a chance of ever coming to blows upon terms whichL could be considered as even of the remotest equality. But, Sir, the fact is that, though It is no new doctrine that the Militia is, and ought to be a defensive foroe, we hear it now for the first time from the authoritieL During the whole of the las war the Miitia was considered and trted, In Lord Panmure's words, " merely s a recruiting depOt for the regular army." And anything more vicious than the system of recraiting adopted it is imposdble to conoeive. Non-commissioned officers from vArlonregiments hung about the men in their billets, in the publib. houses, on the parades en all occasions, and the git of their arguments of peruasion was of this kind,-" The servie to which you belongis a fare and a humbug; your offioers are muffs and old women; eome with u and you &hl se what soldiering really iL" This may have gained many recruits, but I leave you to oonsider the beneficial effect it must have had upon those who were left The recruiters departed, cRrrying with them the best men and leaving wide ppe in the Militia companes, but leaving also a poison, the effect of which, often visible, was always rankling. Not so was It Im the war during the early part of this century, ecruit. Ing (if recriting it can be called) from the MIlitia was wholesle and not retaiL Except on cerin eeeldons it was Illegal to leave the Mlitia for the Ulne. When called on the men volunteerd by ompaniss, the offior being the first to offer themselves. But the two services Wer consiered anud strictly kept distinct You cannot eat your ake and hav youreake. Youe a not take the cram of a reient from it, and, levg the remainderbadlyarmedandntaughtho,wto ue their Imperfect weapon, expect it to constitute a defensive forse upon which reliance can be plce. neledge aUi dl and. correcoa of evolutlon awe a mere faroe .while the one thing needful, the ud of thenuniket, h neglected. seems pobable that the Milita of Englnd will be nln aed on for srvic Be it so; we re quit. rdy-d linoistwaee -though with loss to some ana ineoevednce to sioetalL But If wear supcesd.to be, as lad Pens albg"az . detzaln froe, ia t nu d ito alos SI e pportunity of lening to tsks that defenc, if t eer le neeery, a certain and qucee~e on eno. I am. Pir. veer cbudtaa* yIfit' t -A COUNTY SQUIJIBE:
I,ord Pinmure's peent to the city of Bdstof ot two Luaisu guans w reoeinvd ynd, ad4 conuve from the railway station to Brand hll, where Ute wi aefxod, by ab troop of tbh Mlitary Tan Corp and abody d r0114s Th. b U t t W~~~sen ~ thrngd, the beUs of the arious hurhe merryp anthe idap ot the Coundl h o wer D oFOr L~ xrLrox.-Wo re t tlarn atbutI tn died at an easly hour y y Ing at l e Woroterse. He1 I ba ben ffering dxuiz fthe Iastaouth n anr esn t plaint, which to th loel of the pst week more favourable apect relAse took pece on morning, from which her Ld d the oDAIolation to be xarrounde by enth emer e amty a her dimolution. The de_sesd lady Wau now daugter of the lto Sir Sbthen Glynn% and dAer toth present baronet and Mr. . XGluadsoe. She Waumw. red to Lord Lyttelton In 1839, and leavs bnse 12 mm and te morb remaips of the late ight HOnATohii Wllaon Croker were condgned to their 1at 'e Pin &Ie at o y Church, Surrey on Monday las DThe funeawas oE a priate charater. Smt F. KZL, M.P.-Sir F trzoXeU, iLI, wrhoee heaith 1 efendseiewhat from sseep' of hs Perlliamntalry ad prceionM duije,ll land for Germany.
THE INDIAN MUTINIES. The following are the official despatohes respect mg the conduct of the Bombay Lancers at Nuaseer. abad:- The Right Hon. the Governor in Council bas the bighest satisfaction in publishing, for the informistln of 1he army, the annexed report of the conduct of the Ist Regiment of Light Cavalry (Lancers), made by Captain Hardy on the occasoio of a mutiny of the Bengal troops at the station of Nusseerabad on the 28th ef May lat, This report has only recently been laid before Governmnent by bis Excellency the Commander-in-Chief the ofri ginal despatch having miscarried bn the road. By a later report the Governor a Counoil hu learnt with regret that 11 men of the Lancers basely desertd their comrades and their standards, and joined the mutineers; but the Governor in Council will not suffer the disgrace of these unworthy members of the corps to sully the display of loyalty, discipline, and gallantry which the conduot of this fine regiment has eminently exhibited. To mark the approbation with which he has reoeived thbi report the Right Ron. the Governor in Connoil will direct the immediate promotion to higher grades of such of tho native officers and men as his Excellency the Commanderin-Chief may be pleased to name as having most distin. guhhed themselves on this occsion, and thereby earned this special reward; and the Governor will take care that liberal compesation is awarded for the low of property abandoned in the cantonment and subsequently destroyed, when the Lancers, in obedience to orders, marched out to protect the families of the European offEcers, leaving their own unguarded in cantomnenut "To TiM O iorTAoTa G MAjoR OPs BRIGAiD, RAJ- POOTANA FnrLD FoRcE. "Sir,-I have the honour to report, for the Information of the Brigadier comnmnding the Bajpootau Field Force, the part taken by the 1s Iancers in the late ad proceedings at Nusseerabad. At about hall-past 3p.m. ou the 28th inst. the alam was given that the 15th RegIment of Bengal Native Infantry was in opea mutiny, and had seized the guns. In common with tha other officers Iwas almost immediately down in my troop line. In a few minutes the whole regiment was under arms, mounted, and formed up in open column of troops. The column was put into a gallop, and proceeded to the lines of the artillery, when the guns were immediately openod upon us. The order was given At once to charge nd take the guns, troops charging in succeesion. Being 'left' in 'front,' the 6-h troop, under Captain Spottiswoode, led; that officer fell .t the head of his troop, after getting Into the battery. A succeesion of charges followed, the officers, of course, leading the way. Not succeeding, as hoped for, in retaking the guns, Colonel Penny ordered the attaeks to cease, and the regiment was marched back and formed in rear of our men'a lincs to protect them and bh ready to act on the mutineers if they came out of their lines into the plain. While there, about 5 o'clock, the whole of the 15th officers joined us,. having been fired at by their men. The 30th Regiment would not obey their offdoers and it was decided to move out of camp with the ladies and childrea while light remained. Colonel Penny being taken ill it devolved upon me to execute the order for immediate retreat on Ajmeer. Subsequently the direotion vas changed for this place (Beawur), 'where we arrived yesterday morning. Half-way the regiment halted till daylight for rest and to let stragglers come up; and here Colonel Penny was brought a copse, baving Uied on the road. A volunteer party of three men and a havildar was sent back to reconnoitre and bring an account of the further proceedings of the mutineers in cantonments; and a party under a natlra officer was left on the halting-ground with orders how to act in case of emergency, and to stay till rejoined by the party reconnoitring. " This near detachment reached the regiment at 8 o'clock yesterday evening. The result of the reconnaissance, which duty was performed in the most creditable manner, has already been laid before the Brigadier in person. In addition to Colonel Penny, deceased, apparently from over exertion, and Captain Sottiswoode, shot, as before stated. under the guns, Cornet Newberrv, a promising young offcer, was also shot in the act of charging, and entenant and Adjutant F. Lok and myself are wounded, hut doing welL At present I only know for certain of one of cur men badly wounded, and three horses shot. Cornet Jenkins had bis charger sho' under him, and Lieutenant Stephens's charger is badly wounded. The ioss of the mutineers I have been unable to ascertain at present. I make out to be missin 66i men, exclusive of the guards and sick left behind, but I 'hope the greater number of these will bespeedily accounted for. In coneluding this report I would beg the Brigadier's kind offices in recommending the regiment mnder my command to the generous consideration of Government. Cantoned with two mutinous regiments the regiment has, as the Brigadier knows, been nightly on duty for a fortnight pact, and entirely responsible for the safety of the cantonment. They have been constantly tempted and assailed with abuse, with no other result than telling their officers. They turned out in the promptest way to attack the mutineers, and they marched out of camp when ordered, as they stood, leaving their families and everything they bad in the world behind them. They are now without tents, in a hot plain, and without any possibility of being comfortable; but up to this time aU has been most cheerfully borne and all duty correctly performed, I am fearful as to the propriety of mentioning the losses of the European officers, hut I cannot refrain from bringing to the notice of my superiors the grateful sense I have of tie efficient and kind aid that the of ficers have afforded me at this tryine time, Their active services durneg the mutiny have already been recognized by the Brigadier's approbation. " I have the honour to be, &e,, ". A. HA. DY, "iComnianding 1st Lancers "Camp, near Beawur, May 30." The Commander-in-Chief is pleased to direct that the G. 0. No. 627, of the 1st of July, with the letter from Captain Hardy thereto subjoined, shaU be carefuLly translated into Hindustani and Mahratta by interpreters of regiments, and read and explained to the whole of the native troops of the Bombay army, at a special parade to be ordered for that purpose. The following is aul extraet from a private letter "Calcutta, July 4. "Bow to descibe all the onormities that have taken place throughout British India I know not. The overland newspapers will be fuUl enough of news, but a deal that appears in correspoadents' letters in the Calcutta daily newspapers will not be found in the overland papers, and a deal more that we hear of by private letters, that do not find publication, as being too heartrending and shocking to put into print. No savages in tha Pacific Ocean could be capable of doing what these scoundrel mutineers have been guilty of. Women and children slaughtered and mangled in a most cruel manner; young girls of 14, 15, and 16 years of age violated by mutineers, exhausted to death, theiz breasts and limbs cut off, and pariah dogs fed with the flesh of their victims, cut from their bones,-these act3 are among numerous others that we learn by private comniunications,-the victims English women and young ladies, some only lately returned from England, thus treated before the eyes of their parents. "The leaders of the mutiny are Mahomedans, not B indoos, though the Hindoos have been led to join them. The disaffection has spread throughout India; there are some few exceptions where Sepoys have stood firm, but tney are few, and not to be trusted one minute. The 6th Native Infantry at A lahabad, that had declaredits loyalty to Governmaent, treacherously turned, and when their officerswere sitting at mess in cantonments deliberately shot 14 out of 17-only three escaped. The few Sikh regiments thatturned againat Government may be attributed to a sprinkling of Panjabee Mahomedans being mixed up in the regiments that swayed the rest. Moulvies (Mahomedan priests) have been very active ia seducing the Mahomedans to rise and leading them on. Of lindoos, too, the Brahmins (priests) havelnstigated theuindooe also; several have been arrested and hanged; as martial law is proclaimed throughout the land they are strung up in numbers. " Valuable papers have fallen inito the hands of Go. vernmenst, to whom a deal Is known that hs not been made public. Foureditors of newspaperm, published in the Orientaloharter, Persian, Nagree, Bengalee, &c., bave been committed to the sesionsfor kW forseditious publica, tions, calling openly on all Mahomednns and Bindoos torise and defend their religion, which they said the British Govemrment were going to deprive them of, zd4 forcibly convert then to Ohrstiaity, &c. "dAtFuttehpore a native (Malomedan) deputy-magis. trate he%ded a party of tese an atics. These are the scoundrels to whose tender mercies the Englsh inhabitants were to be subjected under the Black Act I "Lord Canning, our Governor-General, has thought fit to take away the liberty of the press. (it was Sir Charm Motalfe who gve us the liberty of the pres&) It arose more from these ative papers, edited by natives Of course' the English p-apes have spoken out freely about the mis. government, but the public press has enlightened Govern. unent a great deal, and to curb the pres is an. lspgrateful act. Government re, ano doubt, ashamed of the exposere of their apathy. It teems, however, by extrats from 17iC Times and other English papers that they had a foreboding or knowlodge of tho probability of an outbreak. More European troops have been needed for A long time. Lor4 Dalhousie asked the Court of Directors for them, but they turned a deaf ear to it. It seems there is now some hesita. tion of the Persiasu to evacuate Herat. The mnutineera here were evidently led to expect a large Persian army to join them, and the Affghans would in all preoability have "Take a retMpectivo view of affairs generally, and I think it pretty apparent that 1nusda was originally at the, bottom of all that India Is suffering, When we were At war. with Pusit, t cheol; her design upon-Turi-sey abe wrw yer indugrloas in collecting a large fo theaplahi borders of Persi. She has been all iauenIIl at the Fend * Court for years, and made a catapaw of Persia by instigating her against Herat, offering to support her against Doet Mdahomsd of Afighanista There waa very little fighting aS Herst, it ws allablind to deoper designs. Russ would bave joined her forces to Persia-Affglsnistan would have oeleeced-and British Indis been invaded. It was so planed that theSepoy troops of India should mutiny about the same time. Matters changed by our conclusion of peace with Russia and sending a force up the Persan Gulf. The Persian Ambassador, from Constantinople, who went to Paris, found that France and England were united (to his regret, no doubt), and made a iirtue of necessity. The Shah of Persia, however, did not seem to relish it; though he was getting the worse of it fzom our troops, yet his general kept publishing lies of victories over us to keep up the spirits of the rascals round him. " There have been for a long time incendiarlee all over Isdia, and secret understandings with the King of Delhi to encourage the mutiny. The Eing of Oude and his Minis. ter were too glad to have an opportuty of doing what he considered so advantageous for himself at such a time to get back Oude, and heartily joined to assist his co-relil gionists, the Mahomedans of Persmia, Delhi, &c.; but our peace with Russia changed the intentions of our wily neighbours, and left the mutineers of India to fight out their own battle. " Look back at the position Russia assumed,how she held oa at Rarwhen Pndsa contemplated attacking Bagdad. Government may have seen 'throuRh these plots, but it seems were blind to what was going on in the cetre of their Indian territories. " As to the matter of the greased cartidges and other stuff, it was merely caught up to infiLme the minds of the Sepoys-both Mahomedans and Hindoos-a mere pretext. Caste must be done away with. Government shouldhave a plain code of laws for all its subjects, without referenoe to their caste, and let them know that they may worship th f Almighty u they please, either standing on their heads or their heels." The following is another account of the mutiny at Mihow Fort Mlbow, July 6. On the 1st of the month news came in from IndorethAtthe Bajah's troops had risen and saughtered every European, 40 in number. I had heard nothing of it, but the oommanding officer came to my buegalow saying, "You are on duty, so go and retake some guns with 'the 3d troop." We went, and, most marvellous to say, took them the first charge, Brooks and I together. The men demurred at first, but afterwards followed well. We were el1 surprised, as we knew tbey were in an unsettled state. The guns were brought into the fort. We went to our houses about 3 o'clock, having had a longmorning, asthe guns we took were some way off. Nothing occurred thce remainder of the afternoon. The offioers of the 1st Bengal Light Cavalry met to consult. We agreed to sleep in the lines with the men, anticipating an attack from the Rajah's troops, littla suspecting the awful scene we were to witness in a few hour Mess time came, and we dined as usuaL I should tell you all the Iadies were moved in here, and the Artillery took posseion of the fort. About 9 30 p.m. we went to the lines, having had our tent pitched two or three yards in front of the main guard. Brooks and I in one bed, after looking at our horses all ready for action, went to try to sleep. But there was a presentiment on my mind; abont 10 o'clock a small bungalow in front caught fire. I went with one or two Sepoys, who had stuck by mein the morn. lug to see who had done it. The men with me cooked their pistols and looked ominously at me. I returned to the guard. Martin was in the centre of all the men, talking to them. I joined him, and observed one man in my troop, a villain; he had his carbine, and began to cavil with Martin about some men Brooks and I had kiled in the morning. I, feeling sleepy, said to MArtin, "Ill turn in"I but, good God! I had hardly turned my back and got to Brooks's side, when an awful shriek arose from the men, and the bullets whizzed around us in torrents. The man I had observed lifted his carbine first, and fired either at myself or Martin, l leaped out of my tent and saw MArtin rushing across the parade ground, the wretches shrieking after him. Ireached him,andBrooks followed. Wefelt our latmoment was come, but we ran for it. I led, and only screamed "To the fort," a mile off! The men kept following us, and the bullets fell thick. Having got across the parade ground, about 500 or 600 yar, we came to the hill with the church at the top, and, when at the top, Mar. tin caught bold of me, exolaiming, ' For God's sake, stop I' I oaught hold of his arm aud said, " Only keep up and follow ;" bet at this moment Ifelt I was done. We parted, as I thought, only to meet in death. But, thank God, I rushed on and reached a bungalow about a quarter of a mile from the fort. By thi3 time the infantry had all risen, and sa I ran the ground was torn up with bullets, and they fell thick around me. Their lines were in a direct line between the fort and ours, so that we, poor fellows, had to run the gauntlet of both fires. I felt when I got to the bungalow quite sick and done. Wonderful Providence I I saw two natives, and rashed up to them and simply took their hands hardly able to speak, and said " Save me !" They did. To them I owe my life. At the moment the infantry were coming screaming around. They hid me in a small house. Oh, those moments ! for I eould not trust the mana, and felt sure he would give me up. Some Sepoys came, but did not find me. At last there was a lalL I opened the door and ran for the fort, my nigger friend having wrapped me in his own clothing to disguise me. Can I ever make you feel the deep thankfulness that was in my heart as I ran across the open phln, up the hill, lto the fort ? The artiUerymen were maDning thewalls, and the sentry's call was never more thankfullyreceived, andI cried "Friend, friend " andfound myself safe, safe inside. My native frienad had escorted me safely; but when I turned, as soon as I recovered, he was gone,and I have never seen him since. Can you realize the scene 2 I am too exitedi, and, in fact, overdone, to write fuly now. Directly Igot in and had druank something, we who were saved went to the walls with muskets and swords, as we felt almost sure that this rising was in union wlth the Rajah's troops, and that they would immediately attack the fort where we aze now-only 84 Europeans. We were under arms all night. I am without a stitch to my back hardly, having lost everything I possess, with the exception of a pair of trousers and a few shirts. My horse and all my money gone, But, oh, how kind every one has been, and I have got everything I want now I Bat to my story. Nothing occurred that night. The next day we were formed into an irregular cavalry, about 21 of us, and went out with the guns to bring In ammunition, whioh was safely done, We found all the Sepoys gone. Every day since we have been out at 10 o'clock ia the morning, almoast all day, blowing up our magazines that were left,or getting in provisions, and killing every Sepoy we can come across. I had a tremendous chase the first day with an artilleryman after one. We were wrong, and went too far. I recognized the man as one of my troop. At the moment bullets came at us from a neighbouring wood. We cut him down dead, and rode back to the guns unhurt. The excitement has been im. mense. We have been, and are now,on sentry duty, alinight as well. Last night was the first we were a little relieved, having heard that all the men have leftlIndore for Delhi, that the Rajah Holkar was friendly, but that all his troops have gone. But the same watches will continue, as treachery is to be fearedL We are all very closely packed, and shall bh so till the European troops join us from Bombay, when we shall most likely proceed up the road, first retaking Indore, then clearing everything before us up to Agra, or so-this is what is supposed. Oh ! we shall have a bloody time beforo us indeed, and I can only leave my life in God's hands. Most wonderful to say, only three officers have been klled-Major Harris (of ours), Colonel'Platt, and Captain Fagan. They were moes shockingly cut up, We buried them the same day-a most mournful occAsion. ' The European blood was inldeed roused by the sight of their poor, bodies. We all vorw vengeande. It was a fine sweie when we came into the fort and feund each other -afe. I was one of the last, and they had quite givenameapap lost. Bt;bot wedid shke hds together and express our thankfu n, We rre living in most curious style-something like pin., niqing -never taking offour elothes night or day; aiwayq ready to turn out at a moment's notice. If I get into a Dragoon regiment I itall have A glorlous timo of it, .t my life is sipared. The whole of idia mustbe reconquered. Now you may think of us as jolly as poible. Don't be the leA uneasy about me, ad when once the foroe arrives from Bombay, part of which we expect overy moment, we sha be perfectly safe. The Bishop of Oxford has circUlated the followina Ithrough the medium of the Archdeacons in his diocess "Cuddesdon Palace, Aug. 19. "My dear Azchdeaoon,-Mny I request you to vomozn-u Dicate to the clergy of your archdeacbnry my requeet that they will endeavour to awaken their flocks to uniting both in jnteressions for our fellow-countrymen in the Bust and [inacts of humiliation for those iSn which have drawn down upon us tho national judgtientlof the Indian mutiny ? "F or the first point I would request tem to usin thp daily servioe of the Chuth the appoitted prayer 'for times of war ind tgmult,' anld to insert in the other prayers, ieRze prcvsion. %s-rnde for such insertions, the words 'more, !seeciallyfzobr. btethren now sufferingfrom war Mtd. vio)e40s jj} t6ieasf . * dIwoiwlc; thiguggesfo tLeni that they should tge thitpoMeoj44 4t0~~ mt similar app1I~lon in tbely family and privatepayer. Isbjoinabrief form forti purpose, ahould any See fit to adopt it. " For the second point, I would urge them to show to their people the great trust which God has oommitted to us in our wide-spread oolonial poasesioux, and our oosequent duty of using them for H glory and the extension of the kingdom of Our Lord and Saviour upon earth; togeher with the little we have as yet done to discharge thsee obligations and so to stir them up to humiliation for the paut and greater exertions for the future. "I remain, my dear Archdetaon, " Your faithful friend and brother, " S. OXON. "' Almighty and most mnerciful Father I we acknowledge that we are not worthy of the leamt of all Thy mercies. We ourselves and our people have oftentiines selfishly miused the great trusts Thon hastoommitted to us. Yet bear uS, O Lord most mighty, and have meroy upon us. Spare Thy people, who cry unto Thee;assuage the swellings of the heathen; deliver us not into the will o our eneamies. Give victory to our Queen; protect, and bless and save our fellow-coontrymen in the East especially. [aere remember any7specially dear.] Strengthen thair arms, direct their counsels, overthrowr their enemiee, keep their hearts. Deliver them from all hatred and cruelt in executing Thy just judgmonts, and bring them to Thme everlasting kingdom th1rough Jesus Christ our ILord,-Amen."'
SHE MADRAS ARMY. TO TEtB EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-When much must depend at this present time upon the Madras and Bombay armies remaining loyal, and every Information relative to those troops must, I preume, prova acceptable in this country, I shall make no apology for troubling you with a communication which will, I trust, tend in some measure towards allaying the apprehension which many entertain upon this all-important point. The men of the Madras army are of a different race and laugae from those of Bengal, and, so far from entertain. ing any sympathy for them, look upon them with a feeling rather of hostility than otherwise, can seldom speak of them with any patience, and are consequently not at al likely to be influenced by them in any movement of this description. .dded to this, the Madras Sepoy, so far from being like the one of Bengal, independent, with only himself to look after, carries with him wherever he goes his wife and childran, and often a host of other relatives; and, previous to entering into any combination of this nature. would naturally enough think what would become of them, his house, and anl his worldly goods and chattels in the regimental lines, stationed, as hbis corps may be, hundreds of miles away from his native village, and in the midst of a population such as that of Nagpore and Hydrabad, by no means friendly towards him. This very fact I look upon as a very material guarantee for the good bebaviour of the men of the Madras army. The men of the Bombay army, again, are mauy of them drawn, like those of Bengal, from the Upper Provinces, but, from being mixed up with men of all castes, they shake off in a great measure all such absurdities, where they see is won't answer, end become good soldiers; the system of dissipline, moreover, which obtains in the armies of Madras and Bombay is such as to bring the men up to the European standard; that which ruined the Bengal army was the very reverse of this. But, when so much depends upon our retaining at suoh a crisis as the present the services of the men of those armies,-who are after all but mercenaries,-why does no: the Governor-General of India hold out some inducement to them to remain faithful to us? I see that Lord Elphinstone the Governor of Bombay, has, upon his own responsibility, given at once two additional companies to each regiment o Native Infantry upon that establishment, and thereby conferred immediate promotion and increase of pay, as well as provided for the poor relatives of the men of that army That is a move in the right direction, both as regards ths interests of the Government and the army; but what is Lord Harris, the Governor of Madras, about? He makes no sign, unless indeed tendering his thanls to certain regi ments of that establishment who have volunteered thei. services against the mutineers can be deemed such. Your Bombay correspondent, in his letter of the 14th oI July, says that the Madras troops will operate upon Saugor from Hossingabad and Nagpore; but I doubt much if troops can be spared from the last named sation as the force there has been very muoh reduced of late years, the European regiment withdrawn, and what is left will, in all probability, be required to keep the people as well as the Contingents in that territory quiet At Hossingabad the-e is but one Native Infantry Regiment and on the Madras side, that musters but 700 privates. Had the Madras troops but remained in the Saugor and Ner. budda territories, where they had up to within the last eight months a force amply sufficient to have kept all quiet in Central India, the chances are we should have heard nothisg of the fearful massacres that have taken place at Ihansl and Aflahabad; and Saugor, Mhow, Newgong, and Jubbulpore vrould not have been in possession of th I mutineers. But the Bengal troops were anxious to get back to the Sangor division, perhaps in order that they might be better concentrated ; the supreme Government favoure their pets, gave up Central India entirely to their tende mercies, and, sent the Madras troops to garrison Pegu where the Bengal regiments, had they remained, dard not havemutinied. So much for jobbery, and for a wish to study the feedings of men whose caste would not admit o, their going on boarda ship ! I am, Slr, your obedient servant A FIELD OFFICER OF THE ARMY OF INDIA. Angus 18.
THE SWA'NSKA CEMBTERY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As the subject of the Swansea cemetery has lately occupied a large space in your columns, and your observa tionsp8n Saturday extended to some length, I think it right to inform you tlat on Friday lastthe Swansea Barial Board declined, by a Xajority of 11 against 7, to grant the sum recommended by their committee to the vicar. I would beS leave to correct one little error into which you have fallen, when you state that the committee of the Town Council recommended a proper rise to the amount of an additional I00Ma-year. It was not a rise, but a sum total of IOOZ a-year, the Buxial Board taking all fees, but to make a regu. lation that burials should only take place thrioe a week, except on emergency, the vicar agreeing to accept this sum, coupled with this rgulation. Again, yoa state the distance to be 2 miles, but the distance from the vicarage is 25e miles, so that each funeral involves a walk of 5i miles, not 4 miles, so that this li miles additional, whether in the dogdays, or through rain or snow, is a consideration. Still, the fact comes now before us that since you wrote that article the Burial Board have refused any settlement ; and you expres a hope that the board will be satisfied with the assertion of their right to insist on these daily pedestrian feats, and be magnanimous enough not to act upen it. But allow me to say that the expression of suoh a sentment, however honourable to yourself, betrays a want of knowledge of the rancour and intolerance of Welsh radical Dissent and antiChurch virulence, which will be satisfied only with the Church of England's annihilation. You say it is a great thing to beat a Bishop; that the law is against him; that Lord Wensleydale interpreted the statute thus. But, is it so ? Is Lord Wensleydale talking of consecration or compensation ? Not of consecration. He has not deaied discretionary power in this matter to the B;shop, and allow me to suggest that you may be mistaken. Bnt, admitting they have beatn a Bishop, there remains for themn to beat au Archbishop; and then, as a last r- source, to go to the courts of law,, where alone the matter can be finally settled, which is whether a Bishop or a Burial Board are to decide upon the consecration of the ground. The power must rest somewhere.. The quesSion is where. I, am much oblied to you for youzaticle and for your defen"e of .the weak against the strong, which I trus' may ever be the ruling passlon exhibited in your columns. I am,Ei,Jc Aug. 18. TO THB EDflTOR OF THE TUEME Sir,-The speech of the&Bishop of St David's last Thura-' day in the onoue of Lord, upon the subjet of the Swanse Cemetery dispute, as reported in your columns, demands,' I think, amme comment from me, andI venture, therefore, once more to trespass upon your valuable space. The Bishop etated that "the income of the Vir of Sw , independent of any occasional and fiuctuati4gg fees, only amounted to the sum of 981. a-year." ThiA state. ment vould lead to the sapposition that the vicar's income derived from the parish and in connexion therewith does not -very much exceed that sum, whereas the subjomed estimate of his annual receipts published in a local paper hot. January, and which has not, I believe, been controverted or denied, shows Ei very different account:-Tithes,.1251..; even. ing lecture, Sit. 10,.; surplice fees, 2001. ; Easter offerings, 5QL.; farm belonging to the living, 70l ; chapljaucy to she: gaol, 401.; value of rent -of house and garden, 801.; ammunting in all to 5961. lOs. In addition to this it is un-, derstood that he is allowed by societies 2001. for ourates3 and$l801. for Scripture readers. In another passage the Bishop is reported to have said "that it wvas a grent happinew to him to know that in this Instance there had been no serifioe of public convenience to any private right; the fact was that any person who desired to interin the consecrated grounl might easily do so." How his Lordship could have said this I cannot imagine, am the fAct.' ig thAt no part of. the cemetery is consecrated. jand both jinconvenience and expense,have been incued by members of the Church af E &gsid who have been eSliged either to bury their decexied ftinds in wdjaoet districts. orto have the burial service read over them in the cemetery by others than ministers of their own church. I am. Sir. vnn. n rrn,- L L DILLWYN. HendrefoWn, AugA 18.
THE BENGAZ ARMY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Colonel Sykes in his speech in the House on TLes day last, which I have only jut see from my being in t e far north, makes a very solemn protest against the notion that our Indian empire can be governed with the aid of European troops alone, and emphatically asserts that " such 5notion is an utter absuxdity, and would lead to perma. nent disaster and the rain of our Indian empire ;" and that it was idle to suppose that " our little Island with its 28,000,000 of inhabitants could sapply troops suffioient to keep ini subjectioa 180,000,000 of people." Now, while no one, I should suppose, would dresm of carrying on the general polioe duties of the oountry with Europeans, and entirely dispensing with a native soldiery, yet I humbly submit that Colonel Sykes has wholly misapprehended the purpose and object of the regular Sepoy army. Hewould appear to suppose that it was maintained "to keep in subjection" the population of Indis. But this never was the object of our vast native army, nor was it neoessary for any such purpose. That amy was required and maintained wholly and solely as a defence against those powerful neighbouring States which, until but very lately, menaced 'ith their large and disciplined armies our frontier on several sid es. The idea that our native army was organized and kept on foot to overawe our own subjets, the people of British India, is one perfectly novel to me; and I can only say that if this were its purpose it has proved a most useless and expensive piece of machinery. But I deny that it was ever intended for this purpose. Against the armies of Holkar and Scindia, of Runjeet Singlx and the Rajah of Nepaul, a large and effective army, of a strength which sould only be formed and maintained from among the various races inhabiting British Inda wa absolutely essen. tiaL We could not bave held India without it under such circumstances. But these circumstanoes no longer exist. We have now no external Power to dread, no army sufficiently powerful to oppose a brlgade of European troops, except that very Sepoy army which has risen against us almost to a man; and yet, if I understand him right, Colonel Sykes would reorganize this army; In fact, he affirms that we cannot govern India without it I If, as he asserts, tho native army were essential to keep our Indian empire in subjection, I submit, with all deference to Colonel Sykes, that for the future we must have a much larger army of Europeans to keep that Sepoy army in stb. jection than would be necessary to keep all India in perfect peace without that army. Can any thinking man still delude himself into the belief that the men who, without a ahadow of excuse, have revolted against the State and committed atrocities the very thought of which makes the heart's blood run cold are those whom we can trust " to keep in subjection the 180,000,000 of people" of the sane kith and kin, the same faith, the same prejudices, and, in short, the same people as themselves ? I repeat what I said before-India requires no such army for internal government, and if we again organi2e a Sepoy regular army we shall only prepare the soil from which, depend upon it, we shall in due time reap r similar harvest of sorrow and suffering to that over which we now mourn. ' To suppose that we can govern India without a native army, would lead," says Colonel Sykes, " to permanent disaster, and to the ruin of our Indian empire." This, however, is but an individual opinion, and may be taken for as much as it Is worth; but of what value is it when placed in the opposite scale to the appalling fact that these very men, to whom Colonel Sykes looks to put down insur. rection among their fellow-countrymen, are the first to set them the example, and have so wofully failed in their attempt, chiefly, if not solely, because these very turbulent 180,000,000 of oar Indianr subjects refuse to support them in their effort to shake off our rule? Can we reasonably look to such a native army for the suppression of insurrec. tion among their fellowvcountrymen and the maintenane of our rule in India, when woe thus find them the flrst to rise against that rule ? I fearlesaly assert that 100 European soldiers will more thoroughly overawe the native population, more effectually secure our rule in the East, and give permanent tranquillity to the country, than 10,000 or 100,000 native soldiers; seeing as all who will open their eyes to what has just occurred must do-that these man are the very first to be tampered with by those who desire to overthrow our rule, and with whom such tampering must prove most effectual, because, while they possess every element of revolt which can beloDg to any other native, they possess another power. f al stimulus to rise against us in the confidence they have in their own strength and the hope of success which this inspires. What has led to the temporary union of Mrhonedans and Bindoos in this deplorable outbreak? The bond of fellow-soldiership alone. Men who under other circum. stances never could have associated together, nay, who must have shunned each other, have, from dwelling in the same lines, mounting guard together, and sts.nding shoulder to shoulder in the same ranks, been graduaUy brought into a regimental brotherhood, which has patialy destroyed for the time those antagonistic principles between Hindoo and MussuIlman on which we so much counted for security against any such rise as that which has now taken pla and upon which we might always safely depend but for this very bond of soldierhood The very same men in any other occupation would have been the firs' to inform the authorities the one against the other, had either sect meditaited such a tbing as an insurrectionary movement, and would, moreover, have been the first to aid In subduing it. But where does Colonel Sykes find in the pu% history of British India the grounds to suppose that the people are disposed to insurrection and require an enormous regular army to keep them in subjection ? All our troubles in this way have arisen in that very army alone, if we except the Coles some 25 years ago, and the Santals the other day, both being tribes of Ignorazxt savages or nearly so. The nativesof India, as a people, are the most incapable of any In the world to rise in formidable insurrection because of their various castes and conflicting races, and they are the most unlikely to do so from their constitutional timidity and love of ease and quiet. But if they were the very opposite of this,--if they were the most likely people to rise against the Government, I.think I have shown that a large army recruited from among themselves is the very worst element we can employ to protect ourselves against It. What I loudly protest against is another Sepoy army similar to that which has burst from us, with results which should satisfy every one that they never can be trusted. We supposed we had won the Sepoy's love, or rather thenative's love, because he was a Sepoy. We boasted of him as the " faithful Sepoy !" Can we really be so simple as to cont-nue to trust such friends in disguise, such treacherous villains? I hope not, for it will render us not only the laughing-stock of these very men, but expose us to the same horrible tragedy, or to one ten times more terrible. We need them not. Let the troops necessary to the protection f property, the putting down of banditti, upholding the authorities in their magisterial and revenue duties, consis of irregulars only, to be raised from tribes that have little in common with each other and less with the mass of our population. We can easily obtain these. Bat let your sheet-anchor in India be henceforth British soldiers. We do not want a large force comparatively to the population of India. We do not require more than even this " little island" can well eupply. One regiment will keep in subjec. tion millions of Hindoos by the mere knowledge that they are there. 'The most they would have to do would be to preserve peace between the Hfindoo and the Mahomedan; and as for the wretched rabble called soldiers in the pay of the few petty princes remaining in our n mdst, they would fall to pieces on being brought into the mere presence of a British regiment. I assure you, Sir, our danger in India is only from our own native soldiery; the pebple have neither the will inor the power to riae. Without arms, without money to buy them; they are harmless. Armed with iEnfield rfles and trained an rtillerymeA and thoroughly disciplined, these -same men am formidable and become a dangerous ,nuoIlms pf i Zsureqon1' One word more on thetrnge falalty whbich so stglypossest'he minds of maQ&bf omr officers. allude to the apparent impossibllty of brlnging tbhen to distrt the Sepoy. Noble and generous minds eannot bell,ve im the treachery of those so long allied with them, ndprofessingso strongly their faithfulnes. Al4s.i how many. have fallen victims to this noble confl4e4oe,! Look.. at the 6th Regiment of Native Infantry for in. example of this, and it appears to me that the gallant. officer to whose speech I have allided fin this letter, having been long intimitely assoiate;i with these men, finds it diffioult to wholly give up his confideno in them. He would fain pergude himself that this atrocious rebellion hs arisen from tho Sepoy sup. posingthat an attack was being made upon his religion, and tbit the greased cartridges are at the bottom of it all. Ba eAi tiat-explain wvshole regiments being in the pay of our 'bitterest enemies-the deiseed Mahomedan princes and 'others ? Colonel Sykes may depend upon it we shall find, whez; the, inquiry into tbis mutiny, which he says traly must take place, hss beep made, that a general and deep. laid conspiracy for the subversion of our rule has been maturing for a.year er two at least, and that tis eVry native ariny which he appas anxious to reoronine, And without wilehi he says we cannot keep India i subjeieho, asfound bythe oonspirators to bethemost valuableen. gine for CaryiDg out their scleme. In fact, without such an army all thelr designs must have been vain and uselegs, I am, Sir, your most obedient ervant. J. . MAODONALD. jAOutenut-Uoioael
ATLANTTt TLElEaRAPH. -- - - -- m A meeting of the directors of this compay took place at their office, Broad-street, yesterday. 0 reporter applied for admission but was refused, on the ground that the meeting waas limited to directer only. The following report bas been forwarded -to us for publication by the secretary, Mr. George Saward, and professes to give the substance of what took place- (Report.) "TO To E DisixTons OF TEn ATLANTIC TXGB .APEE COMPANY. "Genlemn,- forardd b th" Lno,Aug. 18. "GcntUeman,-I forwarded by the Leopard a brief state. ment of the circumstances attending the fracture of the cable on the morning of the 11th inst., and I have now to lay before you the full particulars connected with the expedition. " After leaving Valentia on the evening of the 7th inst. the paying oat of the cable from the Niagar progressed most satisfactorily until immediately before the lhap. ' At thejunction between the shore and the smaller cable, about eight miles from the starting pointb, it was necessr to stop to renew the splice; this ws3 successfully effocted, and the end of the heavier cable lowered by a hawter until it reached the bottom, buoys being attached at a short distance apart to make the plaoe of union. "By noon of the 8th we had paid out 40 miles of cable, including the heavy shore end, our exact position at that time beiag in lat. 1' 59' 36' N., long. 11' 19'15" W., and the depth of water, acoording to the soundings taken by the Cyclops, whose course we nearly followed, 90 fathoms. " Up to 4 p.m. on that day the egress of the cable had been safficiently rehtrded by the power necessary to keep the machinery in motion at a rate a little faster than the speed of the ship; but, as the water deepened, it was neessary to place some further reatraint upon it by applying pressare to thefriction drums in connexion with the paying out sheaves, and this was gradually and cautiously increased from time to time as the speed of the cable, compared with that of the vessel, andthe depth of the soundings showed to be requisite. " By midnght 85 mles'had been safely laid; the depth of water being then a httle more than 200 fathoms. "At 8 in the morning of the 9th we had finished the deck coil inthe after part of the ship, having paid out 120 miles. The change to the coil between decks forward was safely made. By noon we hadi laid 136i miles of cable, the Niagara having reached lat. 52' 11' 40" N., long. 13' 10' 20" W" and the depth of water having increased to 410 fathoms. " In the evendng the speed of the vessel was raised to five knots per hour. had previously kept down the rate at from three to four knots for the smal cable and two for the heavy end next the shore, wishing to get the men and machinery well at work prior to attaining the speed which I had anticipated making. "By midnight 189 miles had been lid. "At 4 o'clock in the morning of the 10th the depth of water began to increase raoidly from 550 fathoms to 1,750 in a distance of eight miles. Up to tfis time 7 cwt. strain sufficed to keep the rate of the cable noar enough to that of the ship; but as the water deepened the proportionate speed of the cable advanced, and it was neoessary to augment the pressure by degrees until in the depth of 1 700 fathoms the indicator showed a strain of 15 owt., while the cable and ship were running 5. and 5 knots respectivel. " At noon on the 10th we hsd paid out 255 miles of cable, the Tessel bavinR made 214 miles from shore, being then in lat. 52' 27' 50' N., long. 16' 00' 15" W. At this time we experienced an increasing swell, followed later in the day by a strong breeze. "EFrom this period, having reached 2,000 fathoms water it was necessary to increase the strain to a ton, by which the rate of the cable was maintained in due proportion to that of the ship. "At 6 in the evening some difficulty arose through the cable getting out of the sheaves of the paying-out machine, owing to the tar and pitch hardening m the groves, and a splice of large dimensions pasing over them. This was rectifid by fixing additional guards and softening the tar with oiL "It was necessary to bring up the ship, holding the cable by stoppers until It was again properly disposed around the pulleys. Some importanoo is due to this event, as showing that it is possible to lie to in deep -water without continuing to pay out the cable-a point upon which doubts have been frequently expressed. " Shortly ater this the speed of the cable gained considerably upon that of the ship, and up to 9 o'clock, while the rate of the latter was about 3 knots byvthe log, the cable was running ou from 5& to 5o knots pr hor. The xtraia was then red to 25 cwt ; but, the wnd and sea increasn, and a current at the same time carying the cable at an ngle from the direct line of the ship's course, it was not found sufficient to check the cable, which rasatmidnight king 2i knots above the speed of the ship, and sometimes imperil hDg the safe uncoing inthe hold. The retarding force was thereforo increased at 2 o'clock to an amount equivalent to 30 cwt., and then again, in consequence of the speed continuing to be more than it would have been prudent to per mit, to 35 owt. By this the rate of the cable was brought to little short of 5 knots, at which It continued steadly until 3.45, when it parted, the length paid out at that time beiDg S335miles& E had up to this time attended personally to the regulation of the breakers, but, finding that all was going on well, and that it being necessary that I should be temporarily away from the machine to ascertain the rate of the ship, and to see how the cable was coming out of the hold, and also to visit the electrician, the machine was for the moment left in chArge of a mechanic who had been engagod from the first in its constraction and fitting, and was acquainted with its operation. " I was proceeding to the fore part of the ship when I heard the machine stop; I immediately called out to ease the break and reverse the engine of the ship, but when I reached the spot the cable was broken. " On examining the machine, which was otherwse in perfect order, I found that the breaks had not been released, aud to thisor to the handwheel of the break being turned the wrong way may be attributed the stoppage, and the consequent fracture of the cable. When the rate of the 'wheels grew slower as the ship dropped her stern in the swell, the break should have boen eased; this had been done regularly before whenever an unusuaUy sudden deseent of the ship temporarily withdrew the pressure from the cable in the sea but, owing t our enterig the dee p water the previous morning and having all hands ready for any emergency that might occur there, theo hief part of my staff bad been compelled to give in at nlght through sheer exhaustion, and hence, being shorthanded, I was obliged for the time to leave the machine without, as it proves, audi. cdent intelligence to control it. " I perceive that on the next occaslon it will he needful, from the wearing and anxious nature of the work, to have three separate relays of staff, and to employ, for attention to the breaks, a higher degree of mechauical s3ill. "The origin of the accident was no doubt the amount of retarding strain put upon the cable, but had the machine been properly manipulated at the time it could not possibly have taken place, " It has been suggested as a cause of the failure that the machinery is too massive and ponderous. Mty experience of its action teaches otherwise; for thrce days in shallow and deep water, as well as in rapid transition from one to the other, nothing could be more perfect than its working, and since it performed its duty so smoothly and efficiently in tbe smaller depths, where the weight of the cable had loes ability to overcome its friction and resistance, it can scarcoly be said to bo too heavy for deep water, where it was necessary for the increased weight of cable to restrain its rapid motion by applying to it a considerable degree of additional friction. Its action was most complete, and all parts worked well together. I see how it can be improved by a modification in the form of sheave, by an addition to the arrangement for adjusting the breaks and some other slight alterations; but with proper management, without any change whatever, Iam confident that the whole length of cable might have been safely laid by it, and it must be remembered, as a test ofthe work which it has done, that, unfortunate as thie termination to the expedition is, the longest length of cable ever laid has boen paid out by it, and that in the deepest water cet passed over "After the accident ha d occurred soundings were taken by Lieutenant Dayman, and the depth found to be 2,000 fathoms. "It w;il be remembered that some importanco was attached to the cables in the Niagara snd agamemnon being manufactured in oppoeite lays. I thought this a favourable opportuni ty to show that pracically the difference was no of consequenoe in affecting the juncion in mid-ocean. We therefore made a splice between the tvo -vessels, and several |miles were then paid out writhout difficulty. "I requesred the commanders of the vessels to propend to Plymouth, asthe docks there afford better fcilities than any other port for landing the cable, sho d it be necessary to do so. "The whole of the cable on board has been carefeil tested and in.pected,a*nd foundto be in-M perfect oondition as wthen it left the works ot Greenwich and Birkenhead "One important point presses for yonr consideration at an early period ; a large poxtior, ef the cable arad lIdma ry he reooveye4 at a comparative small expense I append *u estimate of the cost, and shall he gla to reeiove your sathority toproee w,ith this work. " I do tot perceIve in outr present podition any mesonl tor Aiteoulragement,.butlIhaere on tbe contray a greater conS,deuce than srer In the nndert*~in; It b;s been' provod beyond a,doubt that no obsotace exists to pirevont our viltl- mate sUeGsGs, and I ee learly how every diulty which bas presented itself in thib voyage can be effeotually dealt Owith in the next. " The cable has been laid at the expeted rate In the great depths; its electrical workig through the entire length has been most satisfactorily accomuplished, while the portion laid actnally improved in effiiency bybeing submerged, from the low temperature of the water, and the close-compresson of the texture of the gutt percha, " The structure of the cable had answered every expecta tion that I had formed of it, and if it were now neoe ary-to -construct another line I should not recommend anyl-terxtion from the present cable, which in its working bas confrmed my belief that It is expressly adapted to our requvrte Ments. Its weight in the water is so adjusted to the dpth that the strain is within a maage ble scope, while the effect of n ndercurrents upon its surface proves how dangerois it would be to attempt tolay a much lighterrope, which would, by the greater time oocupied in sinkfng,expcse an increased surface o their power. "Ilhavethehonnurto remain, Gentlemen, "Yours very faithfny, C a TARTS T. B}IGH.! i A-very full meeting of the diretors of the Atlantic Teletaphi(CompWay was held at their offices this day MWednesday). The W ullestinvesigation in tbe event which have led to the pieent pause In the undertaking, into the sufficisr y of the appliances for paying out the cable, and into the a.- ditional arrangements and precantions which the valuable knowledge and experienoe gained by the late attempt wi Iictate ia respet to fture operatious, hua Weot mmtted to the charge Of sub-oommiess appol*td for tho ppmp k Report to the gneral board "The direotors will sit in pemaneneae ti &dr fator plans have been fuUY.discund andrde4ermined op. " The appeal of tbe'diiectors to tbe e-i ad o the several ships composing the Atlutiiq TeleraPh Squadrn to. come forward and aid the lndertaking at this jauntur wi their advice sad experiene has b oriallyre to, andthe foliowieg oflloerrh* alieci w4 , md- WI1 be in consultation with th drctors tcimorromw .-C& a.p Wainwright, Her MajeWt' phip Lsp4rd, C&PNSa, United 8h0Aes' frigte SusquehasRa, VCsptln Hudoia United SWW frigte Niagara, Master Oxmnwder god-' dall, Her Majesty's ship Aganemnon, Ui;uteant o@ii. manderDymuan er Majesty sahip CYclefep "Sufficient Information has salredy anbtsaedj sheW cleady that the present cheekl to tke pre the WO, however mottifying, hs been purely theresult Pt an h. dent, nd is in no way dae to sa,yo hSheow.L the cable, nor of any natural difficuty, nor 91 any exp*. rienoe that wll n the future effe in the ilightest deg.e the entire succem of the enterprise The only smadM declivity of any serious magnitude from 410 fthom- t. 1,700 fathoms hWd been usaly ovecomeg the beautiful: flexibility of the sable having reridecad. it capable 9i. adapting itself, without strain, to dkkalee whic5 would probablT have been its ruin d it been mnor rigidly constructed. The oombined Infuencswof the low temperature of the water and the comptioaiL of the pores of the insulating medium had praoti'ljy shown that the action of a telegraphic eble , soar from being: Impaired, is materially improved by beWg snk in deep water. The only difficulty worthy of Ounsideration wh rtmained was to demonsrate ths practeb&liy of makin the splioe in mid-ooa hi was put to ImaW test by the engineer in a heavy ge, subs entb e set dent, ard before the return home of tbe shp. nbewto ends on board the Niaga and A4g onwsg jclne together, and the splioe let down to the bpttom lato up of 2,000 fathoms and a g a heavrygs. The expe. muent Was perfectly suceassl, and these u~Mll other etrcumsances which have been wrought out by the reeat expedition bhve made more and mnue cheeribg aud certan the prospect of oomplete sucoe onthe next ocion."
TO TEC EDITOR OF TME TTrWq Sir,-A few imonths ago you deemed some remarks I sent to you upon the aubject of the above worthy ot a plae in your oolumns. I am moved to-day by the letter of youi correspondent "N. M.' to urg, you 6o uppott the :ggin ton he offer. I hAve no knowledge watever of him; 4n4 o can the better laud the workmanlike idea he ihs hit Oej and the more earnestly commend it to your powrerfl support. On the former occasion of my addresing you, I held tbat the rope was far too weak and too subject to arly deay' 7 to be useful for the purpee for whlich -itS wi endedL I see no reason now to ehage that opinion; but I ned scarcely sy that the objections do not applyin the am degree to the use of it proposed by your corepondent. If t were lid (and it undoubtedly may be in the Xediternean and Red Seas, with more care a sIll In pa ryig out") its value for the next two or three months would be far beyond the cost Fortuntely, not mora than some 30r miles of the cabl are at the bottom of the Atlantic; but the bulk of it-on L board ship, and all things in order for idstanily proceeding to work, there could be no happier coup than the immedlafe execution of the proposition of your correspondeit -N. It-a propodtion that ought to prove a very valuable onDel the country in its present emergency. There is, of course, the Telegrph Company to be thouht& of, nd to be dealt with. The shares, it seemsr by your City Article" of to-day, ae at 20, discount, The ought not to be much difficulty in that quarter. I am, Sir, your very obedient servant, J. H. P. nhzHungIam. Aug. "~
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMEE. "k 3m ama oo' the Rbi west ed ch. yet nobo ae eIdhg otha uirno'V.-Sootch proVgwb. Sir,-Major Hector Straith, of "Church Miofonaryhouse and Her Majesty's Army," in scolding me for aserting that " The Government have given far too much ooun tenanue to nmsonaries and shemes for the converdon of the natives to Christanity," adds that he will " give wha Englishmen like-a collection of faot." These facts appear to be four in number, and are shortly-], that the chiet suc of misons has been in Soti lmadia; 2, a denii of my assertion in question, with the exoxption of grants in aid to missonary shools; 3, that misionry cperatioarc usuallY carried on in cities and distdrs entrely eparted from military stations." Sepoys have rarely the opportunity of coming into oontat with missonaries." 4. That the natives are sd story.tellers, d that the Bindoo religion is a bad one. With the first and fourthf these fact I have nothing.: to do, though I may just remark that susoein South India is no indicatlon of what may be expeed in the north, - and I perfectly admit that the natives of lower India, an; Bengal especilly, are so given to lying that even the dncerity of their oonversion to Christisnit'r is soeames questionable. With respect to fact Iqo. 3, I have u got ,a report of the Church Missionary Society for ls year, ad find that, with three exceptions, every one of their minsigos Is at a military station I I may instance Agv4 Meeru4 Uritair, Mooltan, and Peshawur. Delhi is not on the list, but, as there are four or five other misionary societies at work, I presume the poor man who was kIlled therethe other day belonged to one of them; but I think I bave said enough to show that a Sepoy hs notto gofarfora preacher, or a preacher for a Sepoy. I now comie to the main point of how far the Government have unduly countenanced the missionaries. I must pre-, mise that in India the word " Government" meeas nract. cally, not only the " Governor-General in Council." but every civil or military European chief. It is this oon- tenance or participation in missionary work which I sy: has been the cause of the Sepoy's revolt. It is, natural enough for officers of English regiments, and evena officials who have no experience beyond Bengal Proper, eo write and talk of intrigues and plots by particular pers6ns or classes for certain supposed objects, but I am confidint hat no man who really knows the jealousy, contempt, - distrust, and aversion with which the various ahhomedanu as well as lindoo sects of Upper India egard each other can believe it possible for any great secret or open oombine.' tion to exist among them, except from one oommon fear for the safety of their religion. They are like that mixture of' nitre, charcoal, and sulphur, called gunpowder, which requires the one agency of fire to explode it. "Rediion int dsnger" is the only cry around which al would rally. Under its inflaence they would commit any conoeivble atro. cities, as those know who have been present at a religious disturbance. There is no other objeot which would st thenr all in motion or hold them together for a week. -Everyici and word reported of she Sepoys sinoe their revolt confirms this view of the case. Now, what cause have the Sepoys had to entertain this fear ? Thisis the point to which I desie to attract public attention. It is of more consequecoe to the future peace and welfare.of India than any other question. You woul1 not give me space, nor have I the Inclination, to becomethe *ablic accuser of porsons who, after all, hame meant wall, But even in the missionay report above alludod to, which is no doubt carefully prepared to avoid criticism, I &.d a complacent statement of how the Governor of Bengal ld visited the missionary station of Bnrdwan, and examined J thir schools, &c., "which afforded m h enouoagementto the work" and how the Lieutenant-Governor of tbe Nor ) West Provinees had laid the foundation ofa now mlsoleu ehurch at Ag," in the prece of a peat umber et i Europea andnaUves. Iwonduwhat Pa; and B&=Z ( would have said to the Ber. W.Roens who writs of atown near Uzuriteer. "The gospel -ine iboppc'ltIon oq th. people failyejedteods fio4 tihe ifty, an pd with dust, &e., untl we had reeled'our Wsint outs Id city Walls I reportedthe cIrcms once to the e tug snagiatrSst and, haevig prayetfiy eoldeud how we aholde act, wq again eitered the city oay Z lug, acoinpLiied by the Mayor, pr. Yotwl, a J AoArd a native ofcer of poUlee; and having inquired -if the wouldhear the Gosp, and bdeg wawreada thenetvq as by one wan, we prooeoded *o deliver our a4psue by .WU Ing them that, wo came to tamfil Cj*' comznan shakintoff the dus of our feet as a stimony inst tU % which Idid. Jkub fol1owed, and I left the city." Now, Sir, oouple th sort of tl andg t y ethers which have not yet been published with the ats qf ,ilitry misionarie like Colonel Wheler.; igine them 'te%em endp,oi.Lbyl.laiti wepspapr;s4I lrumblyinqulre whethert.we have not been -goin a little, i, in. our dedire to Ieforia , dia, -ad whAhie we have not ovel thUe Sepbcy; ;on. able cause to fea th w le a ttied plai toa a thelr relgiond thetth Crkidate uopiit it ? I do notbiamei4homissonries I:ithAi%lrofd oa; and I ;h'iathen~aess . i A n, foj tbq uckof huaiwt, afglI as expeden'em I ay that it is the- duty oft t ,kesp tu opesElons 'witbin, propw, linii,. to 'h.,n il precers to muccei or fail ljber oiwi ltaed iedi' and abIv'e hi easrMi fo Ior ai e'gIiou or niti, taig hqjikrt *hmic- may lE aSieEa l 4 people or nddlery to Snppe.t1 the inteethatet ttBi8ti Government to aubvert their religion I mm Sir. vourhumble mrvnL F.s. LREAD. lmebmAtYlTG Dunchurb, Aug. 1l,
THE ZYEW GOVBSVIfERN OFFICES. TO TEXF EDITOR OF TilE TIMES. Sir,-We are reluctant to trespass on your space in the preseat state of Indian and other affairs, which now neces. sarily occupy so large a portion of yoar paper. However, we trust yoa will allow us to make in your columns a few observations upon the remarks contained in your leader cg the 12th ult. in reference to the nevw Government office. It is extremely important to us, professionally, that the Inisapprehension wbich appears to exist in many quaiters on this subject shouldbe removed. We refer mainly to the designs for the New Foreign and War Offices, but more particularly to our design for tbe Foreign-office, to which Was awarded the first premium in the late competition. We may remark, en passant, that the competition for block plans could only have been intended for the purpose of gaining suggestions for the arrangement of buildings whieh may, perhaps, take upwards of half a century in their erection. No single one could be intended to be acted upon in its integrity, as the greatest possible latitude was given to competitors in order to draw out aU sorts of ideas. wbich might be combined and used as far as considered appropriate and practicable. In this case the successful competitor would be well repaid by recoeiving the oremium, and would have no further interest in the carrying out of the ideas embodied in his plan. The ease as regards the sue. cessful competing architects for the buildings is verv dif. ferent, their great ambition being to see the fruits of their studyaud labour brought into praotical and visible existence, the receipt of a premium heing a secondary consideration compared with the ultimate results. On this ground it is that we are anxious no misapprehension should exist O,n the subject of our design, and we beg to be allowed to mnake the following brief statements:- Firstly, with regard to the plans. Our main object in the first instance was to comply implicitly with the detailed instructions iBsued by the Board of Works, and in so doing to arrn*g all the required offices in the most convenient manner. In thiswe believe we have been succesful. There is not a single apartment in ourdesign but what is mentioned in and required by the instruotions. Moreover, the rooms are throughout almost exactly the atipulated areas, and are n every instance honestly fgured on 'he drawings. As to the residence for the Foreign Minister, the reception-rooras of which were considered by an hon. member of the House of Comtnons to be on an extravagant scale, we have pro. vsided accommodation for the reception of a company of 1,500 persons, as required by the instructions. For this purpose we have five rooms en suite, making together 234 feet in length, by 35 feet in breadth, with some projecting bays Also, what would ordinarily be a corridor about 10 feet wide has been made to serve the purpose of a promenade gallery by having its width increased to 20 feet. Supposing even the whole of this accommodation to be used by the company indiscriminately, a space is given for each person of less than a square yard on the average. This we submit is little enough, especialy as the centres of the rooms would, generally speaking, in a great measure be kept clear, and the promenade corridors would be less frequented thani the rooms themselves. The music-hall is merely introduced to connect the two grand staircases, and to form a communication which provides an extra exit for company, and, as it only requires two connecting walls, it was considered desir. able to introduce it, especiaUy as the ground beneath is occupied with other necessary accommodation. 1'he inconvenience of the aparttents, corridors, &c., at St. James'8 Palace on the occasion of Her Majesty's drawing. roroms has excited much attention of late, and, as the State receptions of the Foreign Minister would probably be equallys numerously attended, and by almost as distinguished a company, we eonsidered it desirable to provide as much space for this purpose as the contracted nature of the site would admit of. Secondly, a careful study of the drawings vwouald show any observer that the architecture of the design is in the main sufficiently simple to be appropriate for offices. The residence is slightly brought opt from the other portions of the building, and, although harmonizing in style with the office department and connected by the continuance of the main cornices all round, it is intended to be individualized by a greater amount of decoration than is bestowed on the office portion of the building. The simplicity of the latter will be evident to any one who wiU examine the elevations of the south and east fronta in the drawings at WestminsterbalL If the interiors are considered too rich and elaborate, it must be remembered that in the sections as well as the elevations it is usual, as it is natural (especially in a competition), an architect should select for the most prominent drawings those portions of a building, both external and internal, which give him the greatest opportunity of showving his skill. In this oase, the rooms selected for the sections are the reception-rooms and the highest clIas of offices, such as the Secretary of StaWs office, the Cabinet-room. &ac. The remaining offices would be finished In a perfectly plain, although nest and appropriate, manner. But it should also be borne in mind that nearly all the drawings are made to a scale of 16 feet to an inch-that is, all dimensions on the drawings are l-192d part of the Teality, consequently what would appear comDaratively plain in execution, when reduced in this ratio, presents the appearance of great elaboration. On the whole, the principal front of the residence and the reception-rooms are very little more decorated .han the modern clubhouses, while the fronts of the office portions are less so. The only absolutely extraneous parts of the building are that portion of the tower above the adjoining roofs, and the three portions of curved roofs on the residence. With regard to the tower, as it would stand at the angle of the Horse Guards parade facing St. James's Park, it has been considered that it would be a desirable feature in such a position, while in the case of the Mansard / roofs, as roofs of some sort there must be, they may as well be made an ornament in this situation, thus tending to give lightness and picturesqueness to the outlinu of the building, while the triding expense of their erection would be amply compensated. It has been said that this design very much resembles the Hotel de ViUe at Paris, whereas, in point of fact, it has not a single point in common with that building, nor (with the exception of the curved roofs) with any single one of the -nany other fine buildings which are the glory and pride of that beautiful city. We take the liberty of saying that our design for the Foreign-office is in a puire Italian style, and we believe that some novelty has been shown in the mode of its treatment. Thirdly, on the question of expense. It is obvious that a building of such an extent, and containing such a number of various apartments, amounting to somnething like 250, a considerable proportion of which are of a very large size, and which building is to be constructed fireproof and in an appropriately substanUtial manner, must necessarily cost a considerable sum of money; but we may confidently affirm that the making it a worthy ornament of the metropolis would cause but a trifling extra percentage on the absolately necessary cost of the building if carried up in a commonplace and miserable style. We write this letter merely as an explanatory one, but we shall be excused saying that after the European publicity which has been given to the competition England will rink, in an architeetural point of view, very much in the eyes of our continental neighbours if the new Government offlces are not erected in a style worthy of the age, and of * the dignity of the country the business of which is to be ransacted tberein. It cannot be denied that none of the civil buildings in London approach those of even some third-rate cities on the continent, and we must say that, independently of our own interest, merely as members of the architectural profession, we are anxious to see our design executed, feeling satiMied that if this be the case it will not yield either as to eonve. nience or grandeur of effect to any edifice in the metropolis. We will only further say that the site of the building being restricted between certain bounds, and the accommodation being absolutely arranged beforehand, an exact estimate may be formed of the total cost, and extras prevented, This will be found in the end to be a much more economical system of operations than by making such restrictions at first as must infallibly lead to disputes, &c., ending in a)l sorts of unexpected expenses. In conclusion, we beg to refer yourself and your readers to the printed Parliamentary paper containing the report of the judges who made the avards in the late competition, in which they state that the first prize for each building is awarded becaus they believe them to be fit for execution, the remainder being given as rewards of merit in an ordinary architecturl point of view. This remark is not intended to apply invidiously to any of the respected gentlemen who were less fortunate than ourselves in the matter. A competitive design, however, is not supposed to be absolutely perfect, but to be so near what is required as to be made perfect with the aid of suggestions and consultations with the offlcers who 'will occupy the building, and are competent to give opinions as to the details of the arrangements. We are, Sir, your most obedient servanta COE AND HOFLANDS MWTUY (EAST INDIA) BILL.-A Bill has just been sent np from the Commons for ptnishing mutiny and dezertion of offlcers and soldiers in the service of the Eatsl India Company and for regulating the payment of regiMnental debts and the distribution of theeffects of deceased office.s aad soldiers. The preamble declares thbt it is "r e- quisie for retaining the formcs of tho East India Company in their duty that exact discipline bo observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall dasert, or be gaulty of crimnee and offences to the prejadice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punisnmeut tha the usual forms of Aw wall fa*r,
T-HE SONG OF THE HOUSE. With tience (From Punch) With eyelids heavy as lead, A MIember sat iu the Commona' Eouse sit X sit ! sit ! In dogdays, small hours, and frowse, Anc as his place he couldn't quit, He sang the song of the House. "Talk! talk! talk ! "In the morning from twelve till four! "1A.nd talk ! talk!I talk ! " At evening for eight houm3 more ' "It's, oh to be a slave " At words instead of work, " With Gladstone and Pam for Fox and Pitt, "And Bethell instead of Burke! " Talk l talk ! talk ! " Till the painted winiows swim; Talk!I talk! talk I " Till the lights in the roof wax dim ! Clause and section and line- " Line and section and clause- "Till on the benches we fall asleep, " And dream of making laws. "Oh. men, with incomes clear, " Oh, men, with houses and wives, "What fools we are to be stewing here, " When we might lead easy lives ! "Stick! stick! stick! " In the stench of the bone-boilers' dirt - "To hear Gladstone's taunts at Bethell, " And Bethell's rejoinders pert ! "Talk ! talk ! talk ! " Our labour lasts night and day; "And what are its wages-nothing a-year, " And election bills to pay; "The right to stand on this matted hoor " The right to address that chair, "And The Times a blank-for I'm not of the rank "To be seported the.e. "Sit! sit ! sit ! " From weary chirne to chime; "Sit i sit ! sit ! '" And to miss a division's a crime. "Amend, divide, and report- "Report, divide, and amend- "Till each section's a riddle, the Act a maze " And a muddle from end to end. "Talk! talk! talk! | " In the blazing midsummer light; " Talk ! talk I talk ! " Thron h the sweltering midsummer night: "While a6 about the House " The bone-boilers' odours cling, "To mock us with dreams of the heathery hills " Where the grouse aro on the wing! "Oh ! but to breathe the breath " Of the heather and gorse so sweet, "With my wide-awake on my head, " And my luncheonatmy feet! "For only one short hour " To feel as I used to feel, "After a morning's blaze at the birds, " For an appetite for my meal !" With patlence threadbare worn, With eyelids heavy as lead, A Member sat in the Commons' House When he fainL would have been inx bed. Sit ! sit I Bit I In dog-days, small hours and frowae, And as the debate he couldn't quit, He tried to make the best of it, By singing the Song of the Honse!
PA UPEP LUNATICS IN SCOTLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTh3S. Sir,-My friend, Professor Alison, whose philnthropy is so weU known, has addressed to me the accompanying letter, with a request that I would transmit it to you, that the facts therein stated might become known to the public through the medium of your valuable jonrnaL If you deem it worthy of publication you will coniar an obliga. tior. both on Dr. Alisorx and on me. I amu verv resDeotfflyv vonra J. S. MORSE. Ch.rleton-by-Montrose, Aug. 14. " Woodville, Colinton, July 30. "My dear Sir,-The facts in regard to the treatment of the pauper lunatics in Scotland, as so vwhich it seems highly desirable, now that the attention of the public has been fairly roused to the subject, that correct and trustworthy information should be furnished, are the following:- " 1. The neglect, now allowed to bave been ' shameful,' of the pauper lunatics over the greater part of Scotland vas neither unknown to you nor to me, nor to many others, equaUy anxious for the improvement of the condition of the poor in Scotland, long before the visit of the excellent American lady in 1856. it was noticed in my publication on the Management of the Poor in Scotiand, in 1840. It attracted the particular attention of the Royal Commissioners appointed under the Ministry of Sir Robert Peel in 1842, and who reported in 1844, and was particularly mentioned in my " Remarks on the Report of that. Com. mission," published in the latter year. It was the specia subject of reports made to that Commission by Dr. Brown, physioian to the Lunatic Asylum at Dumfries, and by Dr. Hutcheson, of Glasgow, both of whom detailed enormities as brutal and disgraceful in the treatment of lunatics as any noticed by the Report of the Commission of 1855. I may mention particalarly some of the facts stated by Dr. Hutcheson as to above 120 lunatics, 42 of them dangerous to the lieges, who were then boarded in the Island of Arran, -as it afterwards appeared, illegally, -when their condition was examined by him. (See m, Remarks on that lieport of 1844, p. 74 and seq.) This belng so, rejoicing as I do that the sympathy of the country has at length been roused to the subject, I cannot admit that the evils, and the inefficiency of the laws for correcting them, were unknown either to you or to me, or that we failed to press ther in any way in our power on the attention of the public in Scotland long before 1855. " 2. The Act of 1845, consequent on the Report of the Commission appointed by Sir E. Peel in 1844, having considerably bettered the oondition of most of the lunatics, as wel as other paupers, in Scotland, it became obvious to Lord Rutberfura. then Lord-Advocate, that there was a de. feet as to the requiring asylums to be built; and this was the reason of his Introducing his Bill, which wasx recommended by the Board of Supervision, was highly approved by both sides of the House, and read twice in the House of Commons, but, nevertheless, had not a single petition in its favour, while 12 county meetings in Scotland petitioned against it, and he could not carry it. Its failure, therefore, I should think, must be ascribed to those 12 county meet. ings. The only reason assigned by them was the expense; at least, this was stated by Sir G. Grey in the late debate in the House of Commons as their only reason; and the very sane reason exists now, and is producing to some extent petitions against the Bill of the present Lord Advocate. " 3. There are other defects, as you and I and many others who have attended to the facts are convinced, in the present Poor Law in Scotland, particularly as to ableo bodied paupers and as to the law of settlement, and discrepancies between the laws of England, Scotland, and Ireland as to these, whicb, to use the words of Sir R. Peel, ' give a shock to the feelings of any just and humane mau,' andhavebeen particularlynoticed by Mr. (nowJudge)Pashley, in his pamphlet on the Poor Laws, published some years ago; but which cannot be expected to draw much attention from the public as long as the present increased demand for labour and facility of emigration continue. That these will show themselves, nevertheless, whenever any such causes as throw a number of labourers out of work, or raise the price of provisions, shall recaur, cannot be doubted, and I much fear that any attempt to relieie the sufferings thence resulting will be obstracted in the very same way. The reason is, not that our countrymen are deficient In charitable feeling, nor even that their charity consists, as Sidney Smith expressed it, in A directing B to relieve C when distressed; but it is merely this, that their 'cautiousnees,' as the phrenologists say, ia ' rathor large ;' they are very generally afraid, on such occasions, of being taken in, and tberefore, when any now objeots of charitable arrangement are presented to them. are strongly inclined to listen to the counselof those who advise them to ' pass by on the other side.' This is what makes it important, with a view to aU improvements in the condition of the poor, in this ountry at least, to take advantage of any cecasion whioh may help to fix the attention of many of our very numerous reading publio on the subject, and to show them, on compari8on of this country with others, on which side it is that the real deficiency exists. " If you can think of any means of aiding this object by placing these facts before the public. I am sure you wiU promote an object which I know that we have both at " I am dear, Sir, very truly yours. "ProfeEsor Morso." "W. P. ALISON,
TiHE AUsTaAiAN MLULS.-We must now unfortunately give up any hopes of receiving an Austrab'an mail until next month, for we learn by the telegraphic summary of the Indian overland mail that the Jura, which had waited at Alexandria until the 6th inst. for its arrival at Suez, had left on that day with a portion of the Bombay mails for South. ampton, in order to be ready to take ouxt the next mails for the Australian colonies on the 12th proximo. Some doubts, we perceive, have been cast upon the conjecture which we ventured to throw out last week with respect to the probability, or rather possibility, of a mail beiNg despatched from Sydney and Melbourne on the 15th of June. We could hsve no interest in the question beyond a desire to caution our readers from indulging in expectations which might be disappointe. We stated the grounds whioh led us to form out opinion and we regret as much as any one to find that it has been proved to be correotly founded. With resDect to the announcements in the colonial papers, regarding the despatch of the mails, we find that in the Sydney journals -at whuch city the head-quarters of the European and Austraian Steam Company are located-the departure of the European is invariably fixed for the lbth of July. In the Melbourne papers, up to the 27th May, it is fixed for the leth of June; but after that day, in the Heral?d and Age, it will be found that it has been a:ltered to the L63th ot July -no doubt in consequence of comnmunications received by the Slinla from Sydney. In t'he .A,gun alone the correction of the date does not apnear to have been made. It is very unlikely that the two papers in question would have altered the annoucement unless they h&d received instructions so to do, and we take it that this fast is Suficient proof that the agents had abandoned their intention, if they ever had any, of despatchig ai mall in June after the Siiol had left at the end of th. previous nmonth.-Atutraciars and lWei Zealant aettek ThGHL2D GAnrxs.-The Society for Abridgingr the HIours of Business have announced a third fdtef, iu aid of its funde, at the Cystal Pace for Mfonday next. The Ifighl?and ganrei a4v $ia4fur h, 22d will boe repeatd on s~i5 9QCZdWA :
THE FINANCES OF THE CITY OF PAMIS. (From < neigmanr'a Masenger.) The Prefect of the Seine hs just presented to the Mluniwpal Council of Paris a report on tho fmnances of the city Ic begin by saying--"The great enterprises which the city has not feaed to undertake during tbe last few years, and of which the first results have awakened public attention, are the subject to many persorn of apprehension which, though no doubt sincere, are to be regretted, as to he prudence of the combinations on which theae enterprises -repose; and it is therefore the duty of the municipal administration to show all who will be kind enough to examine before judging the means of seeing that if a certain boldness seems to Inspire its acts prudence is not excluded from its counils." The report then says that the receipts of 1856 amounted to 136,338,530f. 53c, and the expensee to 103,985,055f. 45e, leaving a balance of reoeipts of 32,353,475!. 8c. In the gross receipts 38,244,425f. 27c. figure as "funds from loans and other special resourcea." The estimate of the reoeipts for the present year, including the balance standing over from la3t year, is 132,449,638fl2c., andthatof theexpensesl.13,514,692f.33c, leaving an exoess of receipts of 18,934,94Sf. 87c. The receipts are divided into " ordinary" and " extraordinary " and the original estimate of the badget of " ordinAzy" receipts for 1857, presented to the Municipal Council at the beginning of the year, as 65,nox,958f 30c.; bat the report caloulates that from the graduxl inreae in the ootrois and other revenues which has since taken place, and from the incessant augmentation of the floating population of Paris, caused by the developement of railways, that sum must be increased by 5,257,541f. 70o., making 70,368.500f. The rest of the mum of 132,449,638f. 2e. ts made up by the funds and revenues of "extraordinary" sources. The estimated balance of 18,934,945f, 87c. for the present year would have been geater if the prolongation of the Boulevard de Sebastopol (right bank) from the Rue GrenetA to the Rue du Ponoeau had not been under. taken this year, instead of, as originally intended, postponed to next year. The report estimates that the reserve of tho present year wiil exceed 17,000,000f., and will consequenUy closely approach that of 20,000,000f., which the municipality on a previous occasion declared to be necessary. The following are some particulars respecting the budget of 1850:-The yield of the octrois was 44,894,088, which were more by 3,318,723f. than that of 1855; deducting augmentations which were made in the octroi dues, the increase was 1,915,861f., but even that was very remarkable, considering that on account of the tJnl. versal Exhibition the receipts of 1855 were extraordinarily bigb. The receipts from subscriptions for water supplied also presented an increase, the number of such sub. scriptions being 9,534. The rents received for letting out sites belonging to the municipality were 253,7227., in which sum the Champs Elys6es figure for 19,861f., the Bois de Boulogne for 42,970f. The letting out of boats on the lakes of the Bois de Boulogne is set down 26,030f.; and the receipts from letting out chairs in the public promenades presented an increase of 3,9iOf, The omnibus company paid 644,750f., and cabs, cabs de remise and de place, 1,098,522f.; railway omnibuses, 61,694f. The gas company, for the right of placing pipes underground, paid 200,000F., an annual indemnity agreed on. The tax oa urials presents a decrease, the number of burials having fallen from 30,945 in 1855, to 26,973 in 1856. Owing to tbe state of the wine trade, the rents from the entrepot fell off, but those of markets and slaughter-houses increased. From the great severity displayed in punishing sellers of adulterated provisions the third of the fines wbich goes to the municipality increased by 26,245f. The tax on dogs produced 413,810f. Some of the sources of revenue were curious :-the herbs and cuttings of trees in public gardens snd promenades were sold; the matters sent to the lystall of Bondy were disposed of for 189,160f. * and a sum of 274,063f. was obtained for the right to discharge disinfected liquids into the gutters. Turning to the " Ordinary Expenses," we find these facts :-The expenses for municipal administration, including the levying of t.xes, were 5,806,779f. ; those of the Prefecture of Police, 12,899,182f ; and in addition a sum of 1,397,171f. was paid to the publi treasury for land-tax, indemnity for not having soldiers quartered on the inhabitants, and for exempting small lodgings from certain taxes. A sun of 7,451,007f. is set down as subventions to hospitals and charitable establishments, andto the maintenance of foundlings,orphans, and indigent lunatics. For primary instruction and teaching singing 1,497,813f. were paid. The taking of the quinquennial cenueso ost a considerable sum. Not less than 6,124,944f! were disbursed in repairs of edifices, of Pavements, and of quarries under pubbe thoroughfares, and in keeping up hydraulic establishments, public promenades and plantations. The repairs of roads and streets serving as roads, and ths salaies aud wages of the personnel engaged therein, awmounted to 640,039f. The great works which have been executed in Paris cost 17,737,749F. The "extraordinary" expenses of 1856 nom prise tbe following items:-Subventions to public assistace, 1,923,55f. 18c.; repairing churches, 1,112,447f. 83c.;repairs and decorations of the Sorbonne, the schools, the Institute of the Empress, Hotel de Ville and mairies, the Perfecture of Police, barracks, markets, slaughter-houses, guard-houses, and enlargement of cemeteries, 5,474,214f. 35c.; formation of new streets and squares, repairs of bridges and quavs, the embellishments of the Bois de Boulogne, the new racecourse of Longehamp, the training gronud of the latignolles, and the Avenue of the Imperatrice 5,559,037f. 60O.; extension and distribution of waters and construetions of new sewers. 1,203,821f. 22c.,; Boulevard de S6bastopol, right bank, 2,301,182f. 96e.; ditto, left bank, and Rue des Ecoles, 4,023,961f. 53X; Boulevard du Nord, 648,681f. ; and purchases of grounds for minor improveiments, 783,124f. 15c. Of the loan of 25,000,000F. contracted in 1849, 11,200 bonds remain, and they will be paid off in 1859; of that of 50,000,000t. contracted in 1852 there are; 49,520 bonds which will be paid off in 1871; of that of 60,000,000!. contractEd in 1855 80 bonds were paid off in 1856. W ith respect to next year the report estimates the receipts at 72,109,652f., and it declaresthat the expenses, ordinsry andextraordinary, will be kept within that limit. The expenses exceed by 984,937f. those of the present year, and are caused by an increased outlay for primary instruction, pavements, promenades, and plantations, &c. Examining the details of the report v:e find that the embellishments of the Bods de Boulogne cost 499,617f. 88c. in 1853, 1,458,686f. 74e. in 1854, 887.677f. 34c. in 1855, 1,362,591f. 29c. in 1856, and il cost 510,825f. 84o. in 1857-total, 4,719,399!. 9c. ; the new racecourse of Longc'amp cost 2,038,438f. 88c. in 1855, 2,125,073f. 41c. in 1856, and vill cost 603,686!. 26c. in 1857-total, 4,765,198f. 55o.; the new training-ground also at Longehamp cost 872,239! in 1856, and will cost 2,364,319f. 63c. in 1857-total, 3,236. 558f. 63c.; and the Avenue de l'Imperatice cost 2,463,177f. 36o. in 1854, 1,3R5 064f. 9c. in 1855, 114268f!. 48c. in 1m85, and 276,883!. SOc. in 1857-total. 4,239,393!. 52o. It, moreover, appears that from 1853 to 1857, both inclusive, the total of "'extraordinary" expenses will be 92,904,778f. 22o, which suIm is thus di7ided --Extraordinary subventions to public assistance, 5,816,895f. 93o.; architecture, 22,703,203f. llc.; public works, 24,361,831f. 77c., hydraulic works, G,726.895f. 65c.; and Improvements of streets 33.385,951!£ 76c. But from this total must be dedaucte 6,055,937f. 25c., the amount of subventions receivednamely, from the Government, 3,145,000!. for the Boulevard de Strasbourg, 1500,000f. on account of the now racecourse at Iongehamp, 300,000f. on account of the Sorbonne, 210,437f. 25c. for the Rue de Rennes; and from the Department 300,000F. for the Avenue de l'Imperatrice. The total, tben, for "extraordinary" expenses, paid or to be paid, during tho five years was 86,938,840F. 97c. Adding to that total 50,415,63f!. 14c. for the payment of interest, paying off and providin lets snd premiums for the nrmuicipa debt it appears that the total which the municipality will have disbursed during the five years, after providing for the ordinary expenses and keeping a reserve exceeding 17,000,000!,, will be 137,354,477f. 1 c., or, on an average, 27,450,895f. 42c. per year. The report concludes by remarking that the finanial situation is such as to prove that the reproach of imprudenoe brought against the municipal administration is unfounded, and that confidence in the future may be entertained.
A NIGnT AT SEA.-Among the inaidents of the fogs that prevauied upon the coast of Darham and Northumberland last week was the folloving :-On Saturday afternoon three boys, Evan Butcher, Thomas Watson, and James Thompson, the eldest only 11 years of age, pUt outt to sea from Shields harbour to fish. A boat with some otber boys went out with them, but a fog coming on they put in towards the land, which they reached in safety. The other lads refused to come ashore, and the fog becoming more dense, theirparents watched on tho beach with the greatest aniety for any intelligence of them. A powerful steamer belonging lo the South Shields pilots went out in search of themD, and several of their friends put out to sea ln acoble on the same errand, During the night cries of distress were heard in the neighbourhood of the Herd Sand, and upon boats putting out it was discovered that tho coble with tho friends of the boVy had grounded there. They were brought ashore. The steamer also returned to the port during the course of the morning, but no intelligence could be learned of the poor boys. Towards evening, however, when their homes were flled withlamentation. they unexpectedly cast up. It appears that they had puled about all night, utterly lost, but towards morning they observed a light, which they made to. wards. In pulling in they were fortunately met by Mr. Bruce, a pilot, in his boat, who took them ashore, landing thema at Sesham Harbour, which light they had observed 14 miles from home, and thev had made their way acrogs the country to Shields, arriving just as all hope of their safety was almost abandoned. DisEA.sED SE .-The Lincoln papers report the prosecution of Mr. Richard Coupland, a wealthy agriculturist residing at Waddington-heatb, for erpodng for sale in the public market a number of sheep suffering under the disease called "the scab." The magistrates decided that it was a very gross cae indeed, and fined the defettdant, Including cost8, 24g. Is., and ordered the shetp to be de- LosN-oN GzxNAL, Obanus ComiANY.-Traffic receipts for tIae week ending August 15, 12,U3Z. 13s, 6d.
COUJM OP BANKRUPTCY, BasinwhaVttred, Aug. 19. In confleqnoe of tbe absence of Mr. Commissoner Fon. blaune from indisposition, the business was disposed of by the Registrar. - In tke cuse of. Thomas Holmes, a bookseller of 8t. Paurs Churchyard, the bsnkrupt was allowed to pass his examination upon accounte, showing-creditor 8,42 ; available asset4, about 2,100. A summonswas wkled for against a Mr. Chow with reference to a supposed concealment of property by a bankrupt named James Catle, who escaped a few days ago under rather peoo1iar circumstances from the look-up house of Faringdon. Berkshire, whither he had been conveyed upon a charge of forgery. The other bines was unImportant
SUMMYB ASStZES. NORTHERN CIRVTIJI LERPOOL, AUGUST 19. I %/Uz Air. zeron WATSONe, in1the Ur*o Courtt) Henr Roers, maser matiner, aged 37, William Miles, mate, and Charles Edward Seymour, second mate, were in dioted for the wilfu muder of Andrew Bose, eaman, on board the ship Mfartha and Jan;, on the high seas, on the 6th of June last. MIr. Attorney.leneral B1lss, Mr. Edward James, Q.C., and Mr. Seymour prosecuted; Mr. Monk, QC, appd for the two mates, and Mr. As,inall in defence of Bogere, the captain. The case opened by the learned Attorney.Gener,l for tho County Paatine (tbe prosecution having beer directed and undertaken by the Crown) exhibited in its details a series of the most shocldng brutalities practised on the deceased seaman. The deceased, it appeared, Wam a seaman on board the aip Martha nd Jane, of which the prisoner Rogers Was captain and the other prioners first and second mate, on a voYag from Barbadoes to Liverpool. The deceased was a healthy rTan and very quiet, but apparently halfwitted nd drty in his habits. On the voyage he was whipped, rope-ended, bitten by a dog which was set upon him by the prisoners, fastened up in a water-cask for 12 hours, deprived of necessary food, hung by the neck till he was nearly dead, chained to the deck, and kept there many hour, and his own excrement forced into his mouth by the captain, until he lost his reason altogether, and he was then gagged and beaten till at length he died; his body was covered with sores which had festered, and in some of which mangot were breeding. The excuse apparently set up for these acts of violence was that the deceased was d' in his habits e case was only partly heard when our despatch was sent off, and we therefore reserve our report until to. morrow. Mr. Pickering, Q.C., has been sitting for Mr. Baron Watson in an adjacent room trying prisoners all day. In the Civil Court several causes have been tried to-day, none of them, however, of an interesting character.
CBETRAL CPJMIDAfZ? COURT, Wdneaddy, Aug. 19. OLD Co0RT (Before Mr. Baron WAPRTrn and Mi- r. Jusice CROWDVR.) Joseph Collins, 42, and Thomas Collins, 40, brothers, de. scribed 5z dealers, were charged with febonioclyuttering a forged 51. Bank of England note. Wr. Giffard and Mr. Bayly prosecuted on behalf of the Bank of England ; Mr. Ribton defended the prisoner Thomas, and Mr. Cooper appeared for Joseph. The prisoners appeared, from the evidenoe adduced for the prosecution, to have been carrying on a most extensive system of plundoring the public by means of passing forged 54-notes, and the manner in which they conducted their operations was somewhat remarkable. Their mode of proceeding appeared to be to go to different tradesmen to whom they were indebtedin small sums of money,and topay them with forgednotes, and in a great number of instances they sucoeoded in obtaining change. They appeared to have represented themselves as contractors to supply meat to the camp at Aldershott, and in almoet every instance they gave a fae"nme znd address. In two instances the prisoners went to surgeons who had attended them for illness, and to whom they were indebted for that attendance, and they succeeded in both cases in gettlng change for a forged 51.- note. The whole of the notes traoed to the prisoners were proved to be forgeries, and Mr. Bumeted, the Inspector of notes to the Bank of England, said that they were all impressions from the same plate. The counsel for the prisoners in their address to tho ju said, they were instructed that they were persons of good character, and that the notes had come into their possession by finding them, and that their object in giving false names and addresses was that it might not be ascertained that they bad misappropriated the money, and that they had no knowledge that the notes were forged. Several apparently respectable witnesses were then examined, who stated that they had known the prisoners for several years, and they had never heard anything against their chancter. Mr. Baron MARTiN having briefly summed up, The Jury i mediately returned a verdict of Guilty. us DORDsi, in passing sentene, esid that, notwith standing the charater thathad been iven to the prisoners, there could be no doubt that they had been carrying on a wholesale system of robbery upon the honest members of the community by means of these worthless pieces of paper, and he therefore felt it to be his duty to pass a severe s3ntence upon them, which was that they he kept in penal servitude for 10 years. George Frederick Carpenter, 17, wvas charged with feloniously destroying certain nost letters which had been entrusted to him for delivery. In another count the prisoner vws charged with the lesser offence of unlawfully detaining the letters in question. Ee pleaded "Guilty" to the last-mentioned charge. Mr. FAYm; who appeared for the prisoner, said, that the Court would see that he was very young, and, as he was mistructed, he had no felonious or dishonest intention in the act he committed- but the fact was that during the hot weather he was unable to perform the duty reouired of him, and could not deliver the ntuber of letters that were entrusted to h Gim. Baron MARTIN sad, the offence of the prtsoner was ave,y mischievous one, and, if the more serious portion of the chargehad been subsntiated, it wvould have been his duty to pantsh him very severely. Under *1l the eWt cunlstances however, he thought the justice of the case would be satisfied by a sentence of 12 months' hard labour. Asher Sterun, 35, a German, asp charged with the capital offence of feloniously setting fire to a dieellinghouse, persons oenmgltherein at thetime. s Insasecond countihetwas charged byith committing tbe same act with intent to defraud the West of England Fire and I,ife Insura nce Compay. Mfr. Robinsou and Mr. Metalfe couducted the proseouto;Serjeant Parry Was retained specially with Mlr. Sleigh on behalf of the prisoner. This was a rOseCUtlOn instituted by the parish authorities of Wh techapel, and the circumstances anuder which the charge was preferred against the prisoner were of a rather peculiar character. The prisoner, it appeared, carried on the business of a manufacturer of waterproof coats in Little Alie-street, Whitechapel, and on the evening of the 15th of March a fnre broke out in one of the rooms, used for the purposes of the busimess about balf-past 7 o'clock in the evening, but this fire was extinguisbed without any senous injury being occasioned. At a later hour in the evening, however, a second fire broke out in the same room, and this time there was a good deal of damage done. The prisoner, it appeared, was insured in the West of England office, and he sent in a claim for 4801., and the company eventually paid hira 1601. Before this, bowever, it seems that some of the persons who were in the prisoner's service had accused hin of wilfully setting fire to his house and had threatened to give information to the insurance office if he did not give them some money, and tbree persons named Greenburgh, Reicbstherd, and Robinson, were given into custody by the prisoner, and were commnitted to take their trial at this court for the offence of endeavouring to extort money from him by a threat of charging him with settiDg fire to his house, and they were convicted of that offence, and Eenteuced to four years' penal servitude. It appears that some further inquiries were made after this, wbch resulted in the apprehension of the prsoner and his committal upon the present charge, the perish anthorities feeling it to-be their duty to prosecute. The learned counsel for the prosecution having given the jury a brief outline of the facts above narrated, he called Joseph Kecskiw,who stated that be was in the service of the prisoner with several other persons on the day the fire happened, which was on the evening of Sunday, the 15th of arch. They were all at work in different rooms, and the fire broke out in the back room on the first floor about half-past 7 o'clock in the evening. He went into the room and saw a quantty of cuttings on fire, a id a man named Randall, assisted by some others, put out the fire and left everything safe. The prisoner came home shortly afterwards, and he inquired wbat was the matter, and they told hijn the place had been on fire, but it was all out, and he sent for some beer. The prisoner then went up to the room where the fire had been, and witness followe4 him, and as they were going up stairs he said to him, "Why did you Iout' the fire " and he told him that he did it to prevent thehouseofrom burning. The prisoner was very an)gry with him, and told him that he had no business to " out" the fire, and he had ruined him, for he was insured, andhle should have got the money; and hQ said that he would never employ him again or give him any more work. Shortly after this he saw the prisoner go into the back room where the fire had been, and he observed him stoop down and set fire to some coats with a candle, and when they were all in a blaze the prisoner looked at him and smiled, aud said, " For God's sake don't you speak a word about it; if you do I'll transport you." Witness went down stairs and gave an alarm, amd he and Randall and aeveral others went up again, and he sw the prisoner standing by the back. room door with his arms akimbo, and whistling, and upon their trying to get into the back room he wonld not allow them to do so. The engines arrived soon afterwards, and the fire was then extinguished but not before a good deal of injury had been done to the house. Croes-examined.-He kept on working for the prisoner r2s usual after this happened, and he remained in his service until he was taken to Whiteoross-street p risn. He was summoned to give evidence against the three parsons who were convicted of eudeavouring to extort money from the prisonerunderthe threat ofaccusinghimof bavingeaused the fire, but was not called as a witness. He had told several peopletbat he believed M4 ffle wuas oonsaihed accidentally by the candle falli out f a vaue or sciall ornament in which it had beeu'plced, The prisoner deliberately set fire to the two coats wlile witness wan looking at him, and he made no0 effort to pretint himn, butt ran downstairs. He beL;eved that there was itock to tE3 amount of 2001, upon the premnines ati the time the Sire happened. A communmohion, he believed, was sade to the insuranc9 company on the subjt of the fire, a ter they had investigated the matter they paid a portion of the claim mado by the prieoner. The reason Lwhy he told the persons he referred to that the fire ws accidental wag, that he was afraid he !hould be transported if he spoke the truth. The witness, in answer to further questions, admitted that he had had a dispute with the prisoner upon the subject of his waes, and that he had ten coats belonging to the pnisoner now in his possesion. Seerl ther witnesses, all of whom were of the Jewish pente webre then examined to speak to oertainJ statements m e by the prisoner relative to the fire, and most of them admite that they were on friendly terms with the three men who had been convict-ed of endeavouring, to extort moneyfrom the prisoner, and one of them appeared to have been held to bail to kwp the peace towards th prioner for Fwrancis Bu.tler, a fireman, proved that he attended uoponL the occasion of the fire in question and that a good deal of damage was done before it could 'e extinguished. There had been other fires before upon the same premises. After the fire on the lath of Mfarch he saw the prisoner, and he aid to hir m that there would be a dispute with the insu. rance-office about the fire, and he wanted him to say that there was a good stock upon the premies at the last fire. On cro-examination this witness said that waterproofing was a very dangerons business, and some of the fires to which he alluded occurred five years ago. He did not know whether the prisoner was Insared when those fires took plce. He sometimes sadthat he ws not insured when it turned out that he was. A witness named Ccd'en was then examined, and he said that shortly before the fire the prisoner asked him the priae of some old waterproof coats, and he told him that he would sell them for Is a-plece, but they would be of no use to him, as they were nothing but rubbish. The prisoner upon this, he said, replied that the coats would burn welL He sd that he then asked the prisoner why be did such things, and hereplied, "Never mind; you can burn and steal if you have got plenty of money.' The witness then said he would not do such things as the prisoner meant to do, and the prisoner replied that he would be a poor man for ever. Mr. Anderton, the Inder-Sheriff who is the manager of the London businees of the West of England Insurance Company, proved that the prisoner effected a policy with the office, and that after the fire he made a claim for 4801 and, after it had been investigated, he was paid 1601 The policy, it appeared, ws dated October, 1856. By Serjeant PARRY.-The oflice received information that the Sre was a wlful one, and the matter was referred to the usul officer, and after he had investigated the case the prisoner was paid 1Z. in addition to the salvagte Serjeant PARRY made a most powerful appeal to the jury on be of the prisoner, and urged thatthe charge had been trumped up by the ifiends of the three men who had beeD been convncted of endeavouring to extort money from the prisoner, and that there really was no foundation for it. He asked the jury whether they could possibly believe that a man should commit an offenoe of this desciption, for which upon one of the counts of the indictment his li{e might be scrificed, In the presence of a man like the witness who had been examined I He said he did not complain of the parish authorities oomingforward to prosecute on the present occasion, but the jury would not forget that the whole matter -was investigated by the insurance company's offlicers, and if they had thought there was anything wrong it was not very likely that they would have paid the money. At the oonclusion of the address of the learned oounsel the prisoner fell down in the dock in a fit, and it was some time before he was recovered sufficiently to enable the trial to proceed. Mr. Justice CR03nToN then aunmed up the whole of the evidenoe with great care and impartiality, and the jury retired to consider their verdict. After being absent about half an hour they returned into court and gave a verdict of GNEW COIURT. (Before the Cowuoi-SExAjsT.) Edward Ernest West, 15, clerk, was indicted for utterIng a forged receipt for 12., with intent to defraud Henry Diroles. Mr. Doyle prosecuted, and Mr. Way defended. The prisoner had, it appeared, been a clerk to the prosecutor, who is a consulting engineer in Moorgate.street, and the fraud committed upon him by the prisoner was this. Prisoner used to be sent with advertisemenes to the paipers, and in the instanoe of the case tried had gone to lie Temesoffice and paid for fewer advertisements than his miasterhad given him orders to do, and altering the tickets to make it appear that he had paid for the number he was direoted to insert, had by such means in eight or nine cases defrauded his master out of the diUference. The Jury found the prisoner CJuiUp, and The Couxv, after making some inquiries, said it wolid defer passing sentence. Johanna Flanagan, 48, married, and Margaret Flanagan, 20, and Mary Ann Flanagan, 24, spinsters, her daughters, were indicted for robbery, with violence, upon Margaret Crotley. Mr. Ribton prosecuted, and Mr. Doyle defended. The prosecutrix, a respectable-looking young woman, stated that upon the evening of the 29th of July she was gng through Gravel-lane, Southwark, when she was set upon by the three women at tbe bar, one of whom at first seized her fa5t by the throat, while another tore her shawl oiE They then threw her down, and while the elder knelt upon her chest, the other two kicked and beat her until she became almost insensible, and while in that condition they stripped her almost naked and made off, but the polHee being acquainted with them, they were enabled, upon the descrption given by the prosecatrix to apprehend them three days afterwards at a house in Giasshonse-yard. The jury found them all Guiiy, and the prisoners Johannw and ret, having boeen beforeconvi ,ere eh sentencedl to four years' penal oreitude,cand were eAcht 18 months' lnprisonnent. seritude,and Mary Ani to Thomas Henry Mason, aiis Wilkes, 28, servant, and Harriett Jarvis, 27, spinster, were indicted. Mason with breaking and enteriug the warehouse of Charles White Taplieg. and stealing property valued at 150M, and Jarris with feloniously receiving the same. Mr. F. H. James prosecuted, and Mr. Ribton and M!r. Sbarpe defended. It appeared that the prosecutor, a private gentleman, had warehoused the goods in question, conasisting of linen and articles of household furniture, at some premises in Portland-place, and very ahortlyafterwards the place was broken into and the property in question stolen. A few days after the robbery lnspector Mackensie went to the pri. soners' lodgings, and there found the bulk of the stolen property, also some housebreaking implements and a knife whioh corresponded with some marks upon the door of the place from where the property had been stolen. The only evidence to imphiate the woman was the fact of her living with the male prisoner, and having laid claim to some trifling article belongig to the prisoner. The jury Acquitted the woman, and the man, who had been several times onvicted, and was shoawn to have lived by thieving for the last 10 years, received sentenoe of 10 year8' penal servitude. During the afternoon some person whose name did not transpire drew the attention of the Court to the case of a young man outupon bail to answera charge at these sessions, allegng that a solictor, named Frederick Hockly Wood, had received the sum of 111. to defend him at this court, but that he now refused unlesshereceived 5l. more. AlIthat had been done forthat money by Mr. Wood was to attend three times at the Worship-street police-court and twice at the House of Detention. He further complained of Mr. Wood having made a falso representation to a person present, who, being bail for the young man in question, was, by such false representation, induced to become bail for another person incuded in the charge. That man, who was the more guilty person of the two, had since absoonded and left the young man for whom applicant addressed the Court, to bear the entire weight of the charge-one of Toe CoMmoN-SERJENT having directed Mr. Wood to attend before him, he shortly afterwards came into court, and having been made acquainted with what had taken place, Mr.Wood said he had received about the sum named from some percon oennected with the synagogue, but not upon the understanding that he was to carry the prisoner through this court. He had attended four or five times at Worshipstreet and attended upon the prisoner, and had great difficulty in obtaining bail for him, which he ultimately did, and he was told that he should want more to defend him at this court. With regard to the other part about the bail, that was entirely false. Mr. Wood then gave to the Commnn-Serjeant a memorandum. The CoM x-SmEwANT, after perusing it, told the a plicant that if he had any aomplaint against Mir. Wood he must take it into the County Court, for he could not say that Mr. Wood had not done all that the agreement contracted for to be done by him. Applicant.-Mr. Wood promised to do all for the 10L mentioned in that. This young man knows nothing of its contents; he cannotspeak English or read. Mr. Wood promiFed bim he would get him off. The CoMssoN.SEPTEA.T.-A. solicitor cannot promise that, Applicant.-It is not the first time Mr. Wood has been charged w7ith these things. hlr. Wood,-Say that again outside the Court and I will give you in charge, My Lord, will you detain him until he gives his name and address?1 The Cohreios -8RsJEA2qT.--I cannot do that, but sot one word has transpired to establish before the Court what he charges. The matter then dropped. Ir. CommissionerPrendergast st in the Third Court during the day, and disposed of several important cases
POLICE. MA.NSION-HOuS-Thomas Charles Henry Langley, for. merly a oolecting clerk in the service of Messrs. Chaplin and Home, the extensive carriers, was brought before the Loun MAYon upon remand, cod with having embezzled 8701, belonging to bis employers. The following is the additional evidence whisk was adduced yesterday:- Mr. A. Ml. Collison, clerk to Messrs. Holmes, manufacturers, of Bread-street, said that on the 3d inst. he paid the prisoner 54 19s. 9d. on accoUnt of his employers, and received the receipt produced. Mr. T. S. Stuart, clerk to Meesrs. Levick. merchants, said,-On tho 13th of June I paid the prisonet a check for 351 5s. 9d., and on the 30th a check for 401. 1S. 6d. on account of his employers. I lroducoe the receipts for the same. Mr. J. W. Xahrs.-I am clerk to Ifessrs Crocker, warehonsemen, Fiday-street. On the 29th of April last I paid the prisoner * check for 191 14s. and 114s. 6d. in cash, and on te 2Sth of May a check for 171 l0s. and 11. 2 in esh on account of his employers. I produce the receipts for theme amounts. Mr. W. Such, clerk to the prosecutors, at Hambro'wharf, said,-It w.s the prisoner's duty to male up the account every month of what he had reoeive', and to sccount to Mr. Horne for those sums which he had notTeoeived. I produce a book in which should be entries in the prisoner's handwriting of all moneys received by him and pald to Our bankers. It ws his duty to enter his recipts and the amcant he paid to the bAnkers aiy. The iiitiee then stated that the sums alluded go in the foregoing evidenoc had not been accounted for by the prisoner. Mr. B. W. Hobnew fu erexarmined, *aad-Iprodnue the returns made up by the prieer,daed the let oe Jnme, the Ix of July, and the lot of Augut of the oot,stadinod" of the nma o fth uldpi,hM anmdJu, which ye have been coleoted by hb account for June repreeats the ftni'ef 461. 167 t otstandig against MKes. Cracker. On the let of July there is a further am 13l. 14s. put down os oueteeding, The zepresented to we that the sums asiinning to uOnliOe 7d. were outstanding in consequeneioe osnoe damig which were unsette Th prisoner, ini wt g up his counta hls insertd the aun of 3Z Logd,-but has not paid it t me.II . . Ihe prisoner, who sid Ie xhouldreeerv hf4defenex, was folly committed for trial to the Central Crflna Court. GunDHuAx,TJr_edsrkkWoodfour, .#pibivg himslf as a cocokusaker, of Betimal-greon, was brought up charged with being unlwfuu of silver plate and plated giodxujpoeed tolib avebeeni stels. John K* a detecive oioer said he sw te*isiWner In AIdersgatm-etre, andiupon WI hiinawbatke sAd in hin "2othivg wi4 tearh Ml dh hm u.ld he hiAonlysome iJver, ;4di he produced from hisi pockek a the wi "exrye es, oes r qpons. He then maked the prffone*Wher he got the spoons, and he mid he boght or n dy aterocs last, but he did not know the pdete of whom he ltpught them., Witness then took ili to they s etinhoe, ad wasseached,andthe following siver st , dsn upoo him:-l gray-spoon, 6 tble-spoons, 1 de tsp= 2 . easPoons, 1 nustear-PsOOn, oSnASPon mik ja ofn agar-ton 1 broken bttterW est of a spoon; and 2 eruet,, a tno e coir Of neee ^ iro2 a 1&dl, 3 sarly i oe keyh, an eyeglaLss , and weight. The*lso Ai r 2 cretaddress, and upor, gDing thereI vi er eon stable and searin the hous ay found on the proundIfloor the following plated goods -2 trsp 9 forks 2 4ggcps,, 4 nuggets of etal meltea, p,eces meta, r iron ades for wi eltong use achaum pipe, a pair of 'uqfers, sralaa,' ro four earrng one atch, two dra g baskets, one box eontaining fvre ors he pis appeaed to have been broken off w anume green balm with pockets to hold pl ew hits markea "Fort St. Geof ewiclaermet,a avnt beneh ant box they found a trap door, whichte sd, andfnd it led into the celulr, which they setebed a fon a carpetbag contating one picet, qu r d offee pot, four ;andlesticks, fouregcp,tosufr trays oce Isuar bain, one J ng stand broknt, and Ue wpie g of broken ton and forkt . all plated. The nitials had been eadfrw ome oI the spoons. There was also a small *u rne in the fireplace, but no fire in the furnace,. An iron ladlie, contsainng some metal, was on the furnace, and there were lso two or three small crucbles. So owner had yet been found for the property, and witness therefore wished for a remand to make urthe r inquiries. Aldermd Pnnru' accordingly remanded the prisoner tillWedneeday nxt. I MARLMOROUGH-STRMn.-A very handsome young Chinawoman, in Chinese. eetme, witb a little boy very well dressed, were sen yesrda$ In athbone-plnce, wandering about ins state of bewildierment, evidhetly havin last their way, and munale to make anybody understn what they required. Under these cimcumstanes al ad bought them to this court, ana Mr. Beadon, took them in to his lrlvte room, u heo d getnoth meg but Chinee wontd ofit hersaiy orm child rionerpromud theo C ew setemcdilery t ikfu watoughtbe stto ser ndiheChinnd to an hotel, and, If it should trnd oit thaSthe police were unable toe ndeout ther friends, tohrequesinquire to call atre this co rt orInformwationa he ok,h WOnSipsir.rnx..-Henry Burrws, a stoglooking fellow of 23, was chaged with te foloing healessn robbery:-. On the afternoon of the 3d inst. spoor labourtng man named Reid accidentally raet the pisoner, rwho toldm m that he had long been out of work which he oduld not get anywhere, sad was in such deep distress that he was actually starving. he dsomaknow g of the prisoer's parents, and therefore took him home, gave him dinner and a sixpence, and the prisoter left. on the Thursday following the prisoner threw himself in his way again, and the prosecutor aha pve him a dinner, a second sixpence, and saked h to all again, ta he had found sotle work that would just sut himn. The prisoner promised to do so, ant semed very thankful for the labourer's kindnes aocnd the way in which lie requitecl it was this :-Early on the next Saturday mornig, when the prioner kneew the prosecutor waa out at his work, he called at his house, and, telling one of the children, abon 1yes old, that hbe hadben sent bybisfatherhi get Ii, clothes to alter, as they were rather too looe for him, he bodly walked into the sitftig room, openied a c'hest of drawers before the cild's fac, and takgmg out of them two sovereigns the poor man had cavfaly saved, two p i of trouser thre wasetoats, a pair of his beet sheetsn and other articles, ant thrdsting them into a bate beg he had also found in the drawers, was about to g away with hig plunder, whenl the litte boy ol'efded to lil doing so and tried to make him stop WA his father came homie. The pi soner objectd that this would be of no use,as his fathe wanted the thins to wt the next day, bendhay, and as this appeared reasnable (thoah the chil wa stil doubr - ful) he at lft let him tsaketfem. On the father coning home lie was astonished at'thes robbery and telt so indignant at the prisoner's baeness that he. gve direc. tions to the polioe to talkre him. A night or two srinceanstaCbloeof hcHr divisonapprebendedhminm merey from the descaiption the prosecutorhad givenof him, an; on the irosecutor sreschig the station ana-ideniyin -him, the prisoner insoleitly badsneeringly told min, " Yes, I hav gt te hins,butI on' tll ouwherd they are; I willsufer telawr fTorl, antb whenohma The outlfe prisonI legs,h they wee al ofrterpn abope de tcruild, be deve- the Mgitnstrate tod thepprisoner thatla morngscandalou act3cffeashe hngattd eevd toe a r ho though as pooer for hmsnyelf adlikema Critia thefprietr,nde hie hea never knew-an obseration the prisoner receioed with a g lad chuce, and, the o itions having bee taken, e was fully ootmitted for f tralo SouhTmwAxnd-Charles Heather, a coalteaver, was broughbt before Mr. Bu"CHA&~ for re-examinaton, ohmrged wth being honcem ed with others mot in usa dy in breaking into the counting-house of Messr. Cory anid Sons, coa mverchants, Commercsia-road, lambeth, and stealing therefrom 70Z. in Bank of England notes and goId and silver, besides several shae In the- Crystal Pala Company. r He was also charged with 'being concerned in tteLHmpting to murdr Hnry owel, he wtchan.The atter ero was sotcruely iltreated by te thiees that he was unal to atend tlot give feviden c uni his doayh. sanswr Hid ehnd hoiel, the perso above doesro ib eds, was pt In the witnssbx andappare to bee r S satil suHer1ingfo th e iniers he hnand reeved.him He sai thathen d bveyen hfor many years wato a th prosecutor a e bad known thoesoer s having worked for them casuyall asoe to o'clock on the mnornin of the h o f June laut witness was near the waterside of the wharf, when some man suddenly came behind him and seized him by the throat, nearly strne lin him. Another manat thesametimeputacloth overepi fesaturated with chloroform, which renderedl him senseless immediately. He recollected nothing until about 4 o'clock, when his senses wepartially restored. He was then in great pain, and he thought he was dying. A thick cloth was fastened over his mouth. His arms were tied behind him, and fixed with ropes to his legs, so thatt he ws unable to move or cll out. He lany in that half sensible state until about 5 o'clock, when one of the labour. erscmein eandreleamed him. Hewas thenonveyed homs and attended to by a medical mnan, who directed him to go into the ountry, where he remained until yesterday. Vwitness waa stilluffering eerely,and he was unable to attend to his business, Ho distinctly saw three men about him when he was first attaked, but he believed there were more of them. Mr. BuScih,6 asked him whether he could identify the prisoner as one of the mten. He replied thaLt he couldl not speak positively to him, as; he was so suddenly attacked. Wiliam HoRoper, foreIan to Messr sCory andi Sons saiod that he sAw the oounting-house safe on the night of the 2p5th of June. Onx the folowing morning he reoeived informsa tion that the watchman haa been nearly mnurdered, and on proceeding to the wharf he found that the connting-house had been entered and all the desks broken open and ransacked of their oontents. The thives had stoen upwards of 701. in Bank of Endland notes, gold an silvor, beside, several shares in the Crystah Palace Company. Witnesn know the er, he having formerly wotyed as a caual labourer onth wharf. Edward Smith, 66 L, sad he saw the prisouer and another man near Messr. Cory's wharf about 2 o'clock on the morning of the%2th ofJune. He said hewas waiting for work. Sergeant Romasine, 14 I4 said he reosived information of the robbery and outrge and suspIcon fell on the prisoner as ein cnnetedwih i. H, oweer,abconedfrom Mondy evning the10thInst, w en he et him In the New-ct, an tookhim Ito cuody.Sinc t'he l&as examintio hehatraed ne f te sole ioies to a moneychanersIn he aymrket wh ha cahedit for a strange Mr. B C expreed his urprlse tha any one should cbange a bankn ot for a stranger Romaine said that the pat calld himself a banker, and after the closing of the banks he changed notes, charging a commission. Mr. BunoIm obberved that it wa siLnpul mode ot doing businees, changing banknotes for perfect stranger for a commlsd on. It pve gret faciity for getting rid of stolen notes, and he should cause further Ini r to be made Into the matter. The prisoner m ust be remanded until Monday next, and he should grant a summons to com. pel the attendance of the Haymarket mone-chinge on. that day. Ieirns Yerd beng the day to which two smn . monses taken out aganl the directors of the Royal Sury G:ardens hythe collector oftheparih of St. Mary, New- lagton, the onefor56L 5s. and the other for 31. es, for peoor and high way rtaes, stod adjourn ed. Chester, the solicitor to the pariah, attended before MIr. Er.r.ror to sup port them . When they wrere called on there wieno peerson present on behaf of the ompany,a yr4one of the officers, sworn, and deposed to han g served the m mmon at the offices of the directors on Sa rday lt Mr. IAne, the ollector, ws a sworn tbthe fact of his having frequently alUed at the gardens for the rates owing, and to bis having been p%t off from day to 4ay, so that they were still due to the parlia. Mr. Chester said he wa aware that the affairs of the comPny w ere in theourso of settlemint under the Windin. up'At, but rtilolaimed te g1st,ontleptrt of tbe ptish, to a w tof disre for the amount dained Mr. ZLnr'o'T*e rked tat-one of tbhedirectore of the compony had W14, and sid the ompany war without funds 64tea f cre obl *pa*Y the ratlaimed by gh paixs, wd tbaer6e'sA wam to hv mn,uAp .
IA The sul h-yearly ch&hge of quar, 'of 'e Brde vf uards" wiltke plaO on fihe It of Septembor as fol. k:ow1 -Thlenqdner Guds, 1st bttioU, fromn Weling. toiBRar :s to St. George'st Barraedk; 2a battjion, from l'i tO WWBa ; d bh ioD, from Windsor ts 'heTDOer of Londs; the Coldskeam Guads, 1st bat tahoei, ftmAliernhott to Welnligton Barracks; 2d battjionh *rom Welt xa Brraclks to Dahlin; Scots Fuleer GRards, lt battaiUon, frora St. Georgeg :Brracks to Port,i :oIIth; 2d battaliJn, from the Tower of London to Vmdser. . BYrUo the let erecelved from Indi we lean that Lieu. tenaut1Colonel William Heathcote Tottenham, of the 12th srioeM, died at BaugAlore on the 6th olt. from fever. The gallt Colonel entered the 12th Lancers as Couet in )eoeear, 1833; he aerved with Wig revipsent in the Caffre war in 1851 and 18, and fer his aeriieei,o that ooeasion he wa%, in MaY, 185K promoted to the bremt rank of Lie- Ca-oloelv andi July fol0lwig obtained the lieutenat-coselte of the regiment. on Saturday the 16th laIncrs received a telegraphic message to hold themselves in readinejs to preceed fron Xilkerny, Watgrford, Carlow, and Athy to Edinburgh instea of York, as had been previoualy expected. The route, however, has not yet arrived. A general ort-martial, of which Colonel IL Jervis, VommadAt of the Provisionl Battlion, was the presi. dlent, embled yesterday at Chatham Garrison, for the tril of LieutenuAntColonel James Clarke, Jt West India Regiment, on the following charges:- 1. For insubordinate conduct in having, at Tower bill Barracks, Sierra Ieone, on the 6th day of March, 1857 disobeyed the laful commands of Lieutenant-Colonel Stephen J. Hill, 2d West India Reiment, commanding the troops at Sierra Leon, a its dependencies, his superior offloer, in refuing to embark on board Her Majesy's ship Perseverance, 2, and proceed with a detachment of his corps to Batblurst, Gambia, althoWgh detailed in general orders, and warned by the Brigade-Adjuant, Lieutenant James Watson, 3d Weast India egIment 2. FoI insubordinate conduct at Gonermnent-house, Sierra Leone, on ths 6th of March, 1857, dmring an interview vith Lieutenant-Colonel S. J. Hill, 2d West India Regiment, comnmanding the troops t Sierra Leone and its dependenies, in havg then and there stated " he would not eabhk on board Majesty's steamer Perseverance, nor wonldhe obey any orders given by Lieutenant-Colonel S. J. Hill, as he questioned the right of the sid iAeutenant-Colonel S. J. ill to commaind the troops at Sierra Leone, he being exclusively the civil governor of the said colODy of Sierra Leone," or words to that effect. 3. For insubordinate conduct, at the time and place mentioned in the second charge, in having disputed the command of Lieutenant-Colonel S. J. l3 2d West India 3egiment, commanding the troops at Sierra Leone and its dependencies his nperor officer, in having refused to allow lhaself to be placed in arrest; and, further, in having stated -o ILienteannt-Colonel S. J. Hil "that he did not recognize the right of the saidLieutenant.Colonel S. J. EiU to pace him in arrest, or exerdse any military authority or comnand over him, he being exclusively the civil governor of the colony of Sierra Leone," or words to that effec 4. }For insubordinate oonduct in having, at the time and place mentioned in the eond charge, when placed under arrest, and told that the next senior officer would be placed in command of his corps, stated to Lieutenant-Colonel ". J. Hil " that that offieer would not take or asumme the command of the corpe, for that none of the officers of the detachment of the it7 West IndiaRegiment would receive or obey any orders given by the said Lieutenant. Colonel S. J. Hill" 5. For beginning a mutiny, In ha ing 'when stationed at Tower-hil Barracks on or about the 6th, 7th, or 8th of March, 1857, caused disobedience and resist. ance to the lawful authority of the comumnding offieer by advising and directing Catain J. S. acauley and Captain a w. Pearson, 1st Wet india Regimrent, not to obey the Commands of I.Aeutenant.Colonel S. J. Hill. Major L D. Ellis, of the Provisional Battalion, officiated as Judge Advocate. The re's baving been read over, the prisonir pleaded "Not Gulty" to the whole. Theprincpal witness in support of the prosecution examined yesterday, Ws Captin . D. Mends, 2d West India Regiment, who deposed to being present at Government-house, Sierra Leone, on the 6th of Mrch last, when Lieutenant.Colonei IBl1 directed an officer to inform the prisoner that he was to proceed to the Gambia in charge of a detachment of his earps-there being no field offioer at that station in consequence of the absence of Colonel L S. O'Connor, C.B On the order being given to the prisoner, he stated that bhe would not obey it, and at an interviewt with Colonel Hill the same day he again refused to obey the order, sating that he looked upon Colonel Hill excluively in the light of a cidvi governor, in accozrdnce with Earl Bathurst's letter in the "Queenu's Regulation," and a note of a later date. The prisoner was then told he was placed under arest, and that the com. mand of his detachment would be givento the senior officer, on which he informed Colonel Eill that he would not be placed under arrest by him, and that the other officers would not obey any of his orders, as they would not recog. Mize him. On the following day tha prisoner, on discoverng that Colonel Hill had been appointed to the coamand of 'the troope at Sierra Leone and its dependencies, wrote a *letter to Colonel Hil apologizing for the couse he had pur. sned, but remonstrting against his being sent to Gambia The tial is likely to ocoupy several days. Another offioer of the same oorps is also awaitiDg his trial by court. On Tues&ay night the Lords of the Admiralty, at Ports, mouth, patronized with their presence a ball given in the hell of the Seamer and Marines' Orphan Schools, in aid of the funds of that praiseworthy charity, which was numerousy attended, Yesterday morning the Board emlbarked from the Black Eagle in their barge, and wfent to in $Pect the Excellent gunnery ship, Captain Hewlett, C.B.' vhere shot and shell firing and other services were exhibited; thence their Lordships went to the dokyard where Sir Charles Wood, the First Lord, hold his levee, d received the following officerg at the Royal Navai Col. lege:- Captains.-R. EL Hewlett, W. H. Jervis W., Pullen, J. 0. Johnson, P. G. Haymes, T. . Mason, G. Bowyar, R. Shpe, . Fogen, S. Hope, and B. Purvis. Colonels.-W. Parke, Ioyal MarineArtillerv, and A. Alexnnder, Royal Mfarine Light Pnfantry Lieutnut Colonels.-T. A. Campbell and G. Alexander, Royal Marine Light Infantry. Commadera.-J. 0. Bathurst, J. R. Bingham, J. Blley, a. Wise, Lord Edward Cecil, C. Stirlng, P. Studdart, E. Bardinge, J. H. Funmeaux, and Lye. Inspector of Hospitals and Fleeta.-Dr. MeKechnie. Deputy Medical Inspector of Hospitals and Fleets.-Dr. Peter leonard, of the Royal Naval HospitaL Haslar. Captain, Royal Marine Light Infantry.-W. Pengelley. Lieutenants.-A. R. B. Carter. I. Poole, C. A. Lodder, G. W. Strong, L Barstow, T. B. Lethbride, G. Durbin, J. W. Webb, C. H. Young, W. H. Goold, H Rogera,G.T Key, G. Morrell, Mf. Lowtber, G.Y Raterso, H. T. Boyer, W. T. Ruxton, C. P. Palmer, H. J. Challis, w. C. Gnerson, W. H. R. Lee, T. E. Smnith, G. C. Nelson, T. :1aenamarn, J. Carnegie, and T. S. HalL 8taff-Surgeon.-Dr. 1rvine, Royal Marine Light Infantry. Master-j. W. Wheeler. Paymaster.-J. Nott. Chymiit.-W. J. Hay. Chaplain.-TheRev. E. S. Phelps. Seoond-Master.-J. S. Watts. While tho First Lord held his levee the other members of the Board transacted business in the Dockyard and at the Gun-wharf. At about 3 they went oan board the Blenheim, 60, Captain the Hon. F. T. Pelham, and mustered the officern and men of the steam fleet in reserve, and were entertained by Captain Pelham at luncheon on board. The First Lord having finished his levee rode out with Admiral Sir George Seymo-r, the Commander-in-Chief, to make further inspections, we believe, at Fort Cumberand. Thelir Lordships yesterday ordered the new corvette Diadem, of 32 guns and 800-horse power, to be commis. sionedat Portsmouth by Captain Moorsom, C.B. This is the most powverfl corvette yet added to the British navy, of enormous tonnage and unpreoedented power, Her arms. ment will have nO parallel in the fleet for ahull of her class. The Admiralty terminated their labours at Portsmouth last night by giving their annual official banquet at the Portland Hotel, Southsea, to all the representatives of the Govern. mocent in the port a.nd garison, the ivic chief, and the senior officrs of the fleet, to the number of about 40. Th Herilla cdipper ship, 700 tons, Captain Sadler, one oi the squadron of Ellis, Son, and Fickling, of London, has arrived alongside of Portsmouth Dockyard-jetty, to lit for the reception of troops for Inddh, who, wre believe, will LCon"i of offlcers and men of the 72d Highiandere, She is a beautifully built new ship, and this faber first employment -ine leaving the stocks, Her lieight between deeks is upwards of 7 feet, and scuttles and ventilators abound everywhere fore and aft; it would be imposible to air a ship better ; the officere' quarters in the State cabin wil be cool and 'capacious. She will embark her passengers iu a few days. The steam trnSport Rhadamnuthus, Commauder W. L. 3Browne, sailed from Plymouth on Monday with stores for Portsmouth. The steam gumboat Skipjack was taken out of dock at Devonport on Saturday, and the screw steamship Nile, 90, was taken out of dock at Kehwn on Monday. Orders h&ve been sent to Devonport to prepare for reeiving the United States' ;teamfrite Niagara, Captain Hudson, into the Keyham basin, should it he fgund noeesEary. Captain Hud;on and Captain Sande, of the Suaque. henna, have leftTlymoUtJh for Iosidon for the purpose of bdngpreant at the meetlng of tlhe directorsof the Atlantic T`lep9aph Comnpany to be held this day. One of the monster mortars nuaofituzlaby Messrs. 'W ht, of Blackwiall, and designe4 under the specii dlroton of lord Paeraton, to carry the 36-inch shoe, a sterezy landed on the -&rseual wharf, Woolwili 'I'hxs e*Rertalurenece of erdg~ bi ufactaed of swroi htVron in fire dis§ segsu ttr, for the ftaiity of ~trsp~s~sort, h8e entire piecri&aQmosmtlg,g' e 'weight of 41. ,, Le sr<npartnien weing 9 421t the bed dew, oomposed of solid oak work, wei%hing 10 tons, Bachalbeuate divialon contains rg, pipe ad-ocket, whieb., when *4d will be overlaid with a groove4 hoop or ring of 6onsiesble sbstne, and secured by singularly coatrived fixed staplee and keys, to as to form ote solid whole, and said to be ep capble of sustaining an eqal iunotmt of reea. aee with any piece of ordainoe hitherto inventel The result will shgrtly t#anspire, Z the prepasations for the preefs are completed, and it Is expected will take place n Weiwiob Marsh ina ^few days. The second mortar of milar calibre, but of much heavier meta, from the smne niaufactory, Is to be transmite to Woolwlch on lMonday next. ner Majees 8hip Gala. vnder constructioi in WoolSieh Dockyard, is progreasing rapidly. About 80 shipvwights are constantlyemployed uponi her. Her sterupost as yeeterday affixed, weighlng nearly 12 tons. 'The oad of 4dmilay have given directions to push the work for. wad wiith despatob. ILeutcnant.Colhel Bingiam, RItoyal Artillery, rently promotedtobe sGtAdjut.General at Woolwiob, vice Colonel P,aLiser, redigned, has been ordered to hold himself in readiness to proceed to Caloptta. The office of that depatment ia Woolwich, of which General Sir HewDalrymple Roes is the principal offlicer, is to be removed on Monday to London. 'The military store-steamehip BalskIva railed yestetday from Woolwich laden with gun4 ammunition, carriages, &c., for Portsmouth and Plymqth. The following appointments were made yeaterday at the Admiralty:- Captain Moorsom, to tho Diadem, commissioned- tbe Rev. A e Brocq, chaplain to the PyLades, vice the Rev. Mr. Stratton, regned; James Moore, assistat.pymaster' to the Ganges; Charles A. Chanter, clerk to the Cumher. land; Edwfard W. Goldron, elerk to the Southampton.
THE W.ZATH3PO. HIGEMIs-HOUS3 OBSERVATORY, NEAX NOT- TINGHTAM.. MOndRY.-lreateot heat in shade, 72.00; adopted mean teprte,95;mean pressure, 29*8599; mean tempera. ture of evaporation, 5662°; range of temperature, 19;8° - amount of solaw radiation, 23-0; almost cloudless day evening cloudless. Tuesday Morning.-Greatest cold in night, 47.50; amount of evaporation, 0-61 inch, minimum temperatulre on grass, 42-6°; hazv, overcast morning. W]ATEMX TA.B,X FOR TH WE= E?DwnG SATURDAY, AuG. 15. Helston.-Rian only on two days; wheat harvest nearly finished. Exeter.-Lightning on the 13th and 14th. Gloceeter.-Severe thunder storm on the 13th, commen. cingt balf past 4 p.m. Maidstote.-On the 13th much lightning; a storm commenet d ata htaU2 amon the l4th,-lasting 5 am with afan o ax ich ofrain. Bedford.-eavy thunderstorm on the 13th, from 9p.m. to 2 am. on the 14th; another from 6 to half-past 8 p.m. on the 14th; 1-72 inches of rain fell during the two storms, and damage has been done by overlo6wing of the brooks. Norwich.-Rain after 6 p.m. on the 13th, with lightning in the evening; 14th, thunder showvers in the evening. Granthann.-13th, Thuaderstorm; 1630 inches of rain fell; 14th, Thunderstorm, with heavy rain at 10.15 p.m.; Belvolz Castle.-Violent storm on the 13th; 3 038 inches Leicester.-Thunderstorm on the 13th; 304 incbes of rain fell; evening of the 14th, another storm, with 11030 inches of rain. Bighfield Eouse.-Thunderstorm on the 13th; above 3 inches of rain fell; 14th, Thunder storm in evening. Manhester.-14th, Thnderstorm; much damage done by the floods. ~ ~ f te 1th Durhamu.-Thiok fog on. the morning of the 14th. Siloth-13h,9 pm..thndestom;amount of rain fallen, 0-865, 14th, P3 .m., thtunder.thunder a ElIgn.-l3th, Very heavy rain, with thusnder. E. J. LOWE. THE GENERAL HOSPITA4 SOUTi CAMP, ALDER. SHOTT. Monday.-Greatest heat insade, 7950; mean pressare, 2986 amuntof slarradatio, 2-0;mean pressure re. uced to seam tlevel, o30)3ad; finDe day";evening cloudless. Tusday 3Mornlng.Greatst eold, in night, 63 0; amount of evaporation, 0-030 inch; m ,nimum temperature on grass, 59)0°; morning hazy. J. .hB.NO LD, ht.S. Corps. LOI)ON TEMPERATJRX BAr or Tvx Tuxso3mmm A2m SAnmuaTim Ar TEx nov.A Ruxe&aiz eoosrxa 1atxrvnwGrousF, HEsx PAuL AoGtsr 17. Thermometer. Baroneter .Wi.4 Weathe. Morning, N~oon. NWgk. 9 a.m. during the 9 am. 10nimum2, dAy. ine 64' 78' 41 30'13 2q. Auo. 18. Thermometer. Barmeter, Wnd weather. Mtorning. linen. llght. 9 axa. during the 9a.. Minimum. day. Phine. 83 71n 42 3021 N.E 3.L WILLAM5, Superintendent, STArS 0r thxnmom m o I aX tuAs =TUN-xI A" O=SMC ni TCS2 YA]BD ROB oUE Do,t NWD lught 18.ul TunneL Yasd Tunnel. Yard. W. W. MASON, SuDest endents
THE COORZ TEADE. COORN-XCH"GE. Wzitxxwny. Avo. 19. The s7pHem this wreek of FxgEsh oom.2 ,^eUle he thoe stu pU 1tdweo Eelsbo grzin. ko.. akre Ulmted, while eolto , wheat n liUberal baiey gmil and of o ts the we. lsue ago again very large. amounting this week to 50,000 quar ee Temore favorable or harvest opeaions tban bet week. The whbegt trads to-day la not Tefy briak, but prior I rem]ain the name U3 on Mlonday l1t Mfaltlne brley te rather dearer, bat other orafirm. Oate, for goodeoe otwIthstandIng tLe heavy anvas snainlain the late rates, while inerior parcels are rathet cheaper. Floor is withofit alteratio from the rote of Monday lant Ren n peas the sae. HUL,L, AUG. 18. The ut oel-.1says Messrs Taylor and Bright's circular, this mnorning "1has been one Of considerablei interest to the cor trade. owinag to tho tunfAvourable state of the weather at this edcriia eid durin four dasvry huoutrf h svb e ae ho adt ;he fr o rains. a s evor hev ndcniend aous asswudper to exeve s uffteaar V red to greate"r neateny thawol ofurtherhnorth, hmbtltl of the Hubh ae att in yhet out whnierinbte favore It Is allb stakndg PInW te sheok: Olo and ithou fsraewed ngrith fuU sfo.e5nalldreo, ondsu mothere thenodo-ubt mchr In uryis nedhone-inordlemo whic thliese o ted weathe can cnottino muc essr. ionaed An Co.'stinunoe o says Thed weather up tow raurdaybeldstrws ery an farm ursate geoin hmarvs;tirent fall, of rinb feacdo wilheavy end othinucoma too exicktleiusaayf. h naueo nheal the inwhleaof hich north onythen Tiber aremtill Minlthe are. frdombth oodly Yerstecleyna souet breeze emun and t ensofiLeld labok Isre-preg"utwith fuliforc in algdrectimorns; mstil ot th"eansryncu earn inrwarhis neilburhcitoan rletlyotd.qalt ndcndte Auc eterio mraeted Ahr cotnancesal so of fsInywathers' nwhet much tobhe desired, as fairmr ale w settng Imatient,ad Imrveet ois to beeaed Ther quird Ino whatharee frin anethin butd saleate.ou 2iles. aere qundoutedl almos th clated out oweteks, Gadndg qulthee~e of babse weet ah-re saleoant.iuh result of libreat rmppyofne oats, witchs were nougasy At todagy's Btmaet therewaleba smhallshw ffeyres'theAt. foDrhecked,On but ae fin r loea weasoeat an firdmprovdet th iotas.tlons. ArrivaLs of linseed liberal, but little pressed on the moarket, and the decline did not exceed 21. to 3a. per quarter. Cakes met a fair cDesunrptlve demand. The following are the quotattions :-Englhs Wheat, red, 63s to 6ife, per quarter; white, 6ifl. to 708.; Ronigabs,-g and Dantele, 60s. to GSa.; ?'omeralanva and Hamburgr, P2g. to S&L.; Holsteln, P!lcesland. and Dsanis, 45s. to 5S. ; Itussisa and Odessa, 52le, to 18se Buclih oats, 27s, to 29 .; Danish, i5a, to 27x. ; Friesland, 26ae. to 28s.: Risala, 1e, o Se.;matingbarey.45. to45%.; eninding, I2s. to Atg LinYsed mlacke tSea and Oast a ida,ted. supplyofwheat, ethers beprg, 8weath ie.; nog andb keech angel lBs to Trad ~nie wa ndul atman advanc tof ibs.t Is.per oakes S67.f,e61. e on; sinmeees o ewe(sl~ £h60 Ie.o fdthow£6tOprc forewbgo, wa1sfrom 210; thast, white. to t Zfls. ' odo bDeipe uhls e,2a to Vs erquartr; earn at, 26s.; tuao, So ht8 8to £1 le;bus, At the-dattle-market tthere wasronly axtlinrated shppl of wat,thebu tmrovd W wleather no oub, eep-Mil.CMaoyfato ne bawarraen bewa dull, t an dvanc of aout Is per oad 70. 5 peroarkers, So's. sampes f nw what erowhura, IreBri fo whIheas ain o 28e,an toWe. hlvd. per ladInolaeraetiodet nop lateuria CaltEratDe ford wh Tt hte, IsuppytofS e loadwof three. Wiostes wusheld ted 35. t to11 4e.e qud %artr blank oftat, Ifs,u lato day's : whe.18. Itopesed W .to Indian corn,a,;mlesprcsodu, Ie. ad aIs Wed., and re. duc | DItAD)1L IBE AT lIsuAzO-0n Wednesday. morning, at an early hour, a fLro of a terrible character, attended with great destruction of property, h ppeded oh the premises belonfging to fr. J. Martin, agraner and cowkeeper at Manor-farm, LeAwisham-road, Kent. The building wa from 150 to 200 feet long, and besides the cattle housed in it there was an immense quantity of prqvender ii different pats of the lace. Theflihnes,tok atapidasweep round the whole of e. huimdng, ael4ng m ue n eething of an Ignitablo chaate, and enveloping Xfie lvstocso tht it wras imposs}ble to rescue anr of the, v,dtbexutl WZIZii moaned and kicked tetfcl.TIe£id. luab e anima wholly sabWued.at 10 o'dclc yesterday morniing Tbp qf ig of1 tlit ,re ~aUnknUown
I RAI r IHT-tZ - I - n'rr v - . * Tht h1l yearl mteetln; of t bpai'wu bell on Tuesday at Plymouth; -Mr. T. WoolPoembe in the chair The reprk'$ated tSt the trafflo for hte biri-,ar ending the 3Zh . IZast'amonAt{64f7w9. famaet '61,8831 PI th ozepiding period of MB * ud.-ka "uediture. at the ofcoidiU?. amounted to 34s7841, a~t2j Law~ fit of 29,9751. for the p *.yIaeal alne.rogt from the previous hafsy aicaptet1 5k,S77L. These Amounts required specil ad n%d = to provide. for the participation ot t4e- holders of ham-ahamres. in thq ordinary dividend, from the 15thoEXAreh, upder the ne oeition of the <:eplha of the company. Theholders of tht lf -aree6. in aeddittioint to h. fixed dividend of lo; s9d. pet half.share per annum, ae entitled froni the 156h.ef March last to the same rae o£ diidend cent, as that which. may be declared fromi .tlne -to time or4 thea.whole sbares. The worldug profita of.the perio4 eoding the 15th of Msaroh are 10 2781, maIdng,tog6ther,tthe balance brought from tue 5slt-Decemr lat,a smn cf 15S6567., but the payr ment of dobenture. intret to Abe 15th of January and the furher amount due to tiodate of adjustment bring the acstmnt. at debit on the.W 1h of March. The. profits on the aggregate stock of I;JQ9,42l,, from the, 1oth of March to the 30h of 'Jdune ae' 23A134l; but the proprietors of she whole shres amsbjt to a deduction of the debit balanoce to the 5Lth of 5rci, sm untinf W9491. leaving a net available Wance °both o x June o 2g1844l Out of this is deducted 5,0701. foil If ytiti annuities of 10s; 9d. per azntuna from the Itt oflirch to the 1st of September, 1857; 2,2501. for half-yeb's dividend on, new shares for same period, leaving a disposable balance, includini balnce from last account, of 14,83 A dividend of ls6. 1 d. per cent. on 997,7501 origiinalares /will auiount to 8,0.., and of 18s. per cent. on 4716751., representing 18,867 half-shares to 4,2451., leaving a balance of 2,5841. From the 1st of July the stock in respeot of those classes of shares now oonsolidated will always be entitled to equal rates of dividend after payment of preferential charges. The additional shares authorized by the South Devon Act, 1857, were created by the company on the 9th of July, and the directors were AuthoriLz to issue 10,000 shares of 10X. each, bearing A guarteed dividend of 5 per cent to the lst of March, 1865, and of 4A per cent. there. after in perpetuity. The iumnediate object -of raising thix capital is ot defray the expense, already incurred, of doublino the line between Newton and Totne, of the constraction ol the Sutton Horbourbrancb, of the advances made on deben. tures of the Plymouth GreAt Weste'tnoockCompany, ana of the proposed alterations of the olymogth and Newton sta tions. The Bristoland Exeter and thb SoptbDevon Companies are to join in a guarantee of 3,000. per annum to the Exeter and Exmouth Company, andtkso of the sum of 4 per cent. upon an outlay not exceeding 10,000!. for sttion and siding Accommodation, and a furtrer sum equal to 20 per cent. of the amount by which the receipts from traffic between Exeter and. Exmouth shall exceed 6,0001. The Exeter and Ex-month line (except the branch to the canal qay at Exeter) is to be worked by the South Devon Company for the joint and eqnal account and risk of the Bristol and Exeter and South Devon Companies,. subject to the pyments above stated. 'e sAbove, *inmoving the adoption-of the report, said he had feared very much that on this occasion, having to make a dividend out of theL re2sources, subject to the very, serious diminution caused by the alteratior that camne in force on the 15th of March, 1857, theLrdividend would not have equalled those of previous periods. Fortunately, however, that was not the case; for their dividend not only equalled the corresponding dividend of last half-year, but was a small fraction above it. They would see by the accounts the wisdom of carrying overso large a balanceasthey then did. It wa seldom that very much benefit was der)ved by any party from wars; but the late war had proved beneficial to them, and brought an amount of traffic upon their line just at the time they wanted it, without which they would have been in a worse position than they now were. A decrease was shown in their traffio from that of the last corresponding periods, but it was a decrease of the war traffic and not of the ordinary traffic, so they had no great reason to complain. The only other part of the report which it was necessary to call their attention to was that relative to confirming a proposed aryangement with the Exeter and Exmouth Railway Company, but while five members of the board of directors of that company were anxioa. to fulfil their bargain, the other member of the boarl had persuaded the shareholders to repudiate the engagement. He (the Chairman) should therefore propose, in moving the adoption of the report, that the considerationof that part of it be adjourned eine dn The quedtion of repu diation wa a5 very awkward charge to bring against any person, and he hoped it w ould be a very long time before it could be brought against either the directors or shareholders of the South Devon. MLr. Fox seconded the motion and inqtuLred if the Interest money duo to the company on debentures of the Great Wentern Dock Company, but which was not paid, became regularly added to the principal when due. Mr. CARR replied that it was; compound interest was charged. 31i. F. F. BULTEEr (the mayor) had great objections to directors speculating with their company's moneys in the constructin of other undertidngs, wh as the Cornwal Railway, Great Western Docks, Taviatdck Railway, Exeter and Exinoath Ralaway, &c, Mr. Fox entirely agreed with the last speaker. He considered branch lines almost always a greater Injury thsn benefit to the trunk lines, The C&nTa assured the meeting that he vws of the same opiion, and the directors had no intention of mixing themselves up with any branch lib beyond working them. The report was thetnadopted. ; A proposition to declare a dividend of 16s. dper cent. on the ol asharee, and of ls. per oeht. on the others, Ws then proposed by theCnmiuxW, secopded by Mr. PBID. RAi, and Carrie unZanimously. After some conversation with respect to the conract for rolling stock, which haa four years to run, the meeting separated. MIDLAND. The balf-yearly meeting of this company was held at Derb yesterdAy. Mr. Ellis, the chairieian, predded. The report has appeared in The fZima. The CnuLAw oongratulated the shareholders upon the satisfactory state of the company. After some preliminary observations he remarked that their success depended upon the condition of the permanent way, Some anxiety had been felt by the board with Tegard to the debt owing on this account. Rhe sum which had lately been taken from the revenue and placed to the credit of the permanent way account had been 30,0001. per annum, but the large increase in the traffic on the line had obliged them to proceed with the relaying of the line with greater spood than was originally contemplated, so that the debt at the close of the half- year mounted to 109,64U., towards the liquidation' of which they iunteded to set sddo 20,000Z. per annum from revenue. He then adverted to the satisfactory condition of the rolling stock, and said that irt consequence of the great increase of mIneral and goods tiaffic they would require an additional number of waggong. He referred briefly to the necessity imposed upon the Mfidland Company of caencelling their agreement with the London and North-Western. He expressed his approval of the award os Mtr. Gladoxne, and stated that since the opening of the Great Northern line the Midland had suffered a great lo8 of passenger traffic, but they had gained irmmensely by an increase in the conveyanoe of goods and minerals. He concluded by congratulatlng the shareholdersupon the satisfactory position of their property. The company was in a healthy and sound condition, and if he were to retire to-morrow he should do so with a perfect conviction that he and his co3eagues had at least endeavoured to do their dut (Cheer) He ooncluded by moving tee adoption of their regor ]3EAB MY.P., seconded the mrptiou. The CzuzAr'es said he had forgotten to state that the directors had not borrowed money at a higher rate than 4j per cent. Mr. T. EADLEY wishedto know what were the pretise termvs of Mr. Gldstone's award, and what amount of money was to be received by the Midland Company ? He complained that the directors, instead of snding their traffio direct through from Leicester to Hitchin, sent it round by Rugby. Thin reard to the interests of the London aad NTorth-Western Ralway he did not understand, and it required explanation, A discussion ensued with regard to the expenses incurred by the construction of the Hitchin lin e and the appointmnent of a geoural manager, but ultimately the report was uranimously adopted. The divdends mentioned in the report were then agreed to, A resolution for the purpose of consolidating into stock such of the 161. 13s. 4d. and 51. shares as have been respect. ively paid up since the general m6etlnt in February, and also a resoluMion to direct the sale of certain shares which sbave been forfeited for non-paymentof calls, were then !moved and carried, On the motion of the Cm A?, the intended outlay 'of 50,050. on various worlis *s satctioned. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, ant the meeting separated. SEREWSBlURY AND HEREFORD, Yesterday the half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Shrewsbury. Mr. W. Ormusby Gore presided. The report stated that the capDital authorized by the Act of 1856 is 900,0001., consiatingof mortgage capital, 226,0001.; preference share capital, 50,0001.; ind ordinary share capital, 625,000. The amEount rased to the SOsh of June ig 5663,2201., leavitiga balance of 336,7801. available for doubling tF,' line _when necessary, and for rolling stock and oiter'liabilities. The traffi receipts for the half-year ending- the 30th of June last a-mounted to 35,4641., and for the dorresponding period of 1866 to 31,9881., showink vn i crkse of about 1l1 er oent. The Loominster and Kington Railway (of 14 miFes) is completed, end the company' are to ve a portion of the line (about 700 yards) to the Leomntster station, on terms of mutual advantage. The diiectrsw have received the dinvend gofanIteed by Mr. Braspey and they recommend that warrnts payable on thea of September next be issued to the shareholders, after the rate of 4 per cent, per annAm on the ordinry shares, and 4A per cent, on the pre. ferencs shares, less income-tax, The CHAua&i, in mnoving tho ~doption of the report5 congratulated the sahreholders on the steady increase in the trafioc of the line. Be said the receipts of 1855 exceeded those of 185h by 14 per cent., d' at in 1856 there wtan increase of 18i per cent. over the preceding year, and, as far as the present year had gne-t1tle receipts showed a proper tienate increase en the teceipts ot 180B. - r. Wnis.rns of Cheeter,j' seconded the resolution, which was carred. ! '' The retiring directors wrere ten re-eIe'eted, with the exceptions of Mt. Brown, of Ebbwr Vale, ~eho was objected So by a shareholder-for non-atteudMee at 'the boaicrmeetinus, and, on a division, Mr. GrodB wa electe to fl To vacanoy. ( The prooeedings temiinated With a v f tb nks to tIske chimn and'dlrect6rs. BRISTOL A14D EXZTR'' The report of the direqtors' of this colmpany' states th%Et the gross traffic l teoepts tothe llrq. ud' 332eer Railsg, '"!m the IDtof JAnu7 "i th0tb oJ 7iOi 7 (inluding th e E ofd tlretLr ind Cedito. ind the Somerset Cental Rasiways), amount to 157,1931., which is l1L,1, less than ir the coresondij half of the year 1856. ThLe working et t 451L or 5D-80 cent. of the grow recelpts, being at the rato of 668h per mUe on 12 imiles of railway worked during the last halfyer- und. bows an ilereas of- expensea -of 012 per cent. on the gros reeijte, a a4 s decrease of 41: 16s d. peiK gi the corresponding lalfperz OXl asW There.bkm been, decressoboth in the number of psengers and the number- of mile triveUed, we there has been an incremse of 8,2B2 in the number of panels conveyed. The balance of the revenue acouont, including 8,7456 broeght from the last half-year, iB 53,742., which enables tihe directors to declare a dividend 'a' the rate of 51.r cent, per annum for the haIf-jear endiaR JuxeX 3u, W1067, and to canry forward balance of 3.743h- The directos congmtulte the shareholders upon thiS result, alter the Epaeut gf per cent, dividend for an entire year, and noththan g the drawbacks which the revenue of the company has rustained from the dirninihed receiptefrom soldier ttfflc(2,603.), the suspension of payIment otfintered on the company's subription to the Cornwall Railway, and the exceptial charge in December last of 1,867!, nAder the award in the Exeter and Crediton arbitration. Other, causes have elso combined to diminish temporarily the traffic of the railway. Tbecompettioii which has been created in the Yeovil district by the opening of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weyinouth allway has occasione4,aloss gf trafflc. The directors refer with regret to the realgisation, fhrough illness, of their late secretary, MEr. Badham, and, relying upon the hearty support ofte tpetos they have unanimously resolved to ask thmto confer upon him a retiring ponsion of 50!. per zannum. Theaccounts ending the 30th of Juneshowthat 3,71LI . had been recived on the capital account and 3,231,845. expended, leaviga* balance oT 479. The revenueaccount for thehalf-year showvs that 60;22! had been received *nd 81,451L. exended, leaving a balance of 78,871M; to thig is Onut of this 33,874!, is deducted for rent. and interest on c lans, leavnog a disposable balance of 53,742!, BRADFORD, WAKEFIELD, AND LEEDS. The directors of this cqmpany state in their quarterly report that they hop soon to be able to announce the day on which the line wiU be opened, and from the report of the engineer (Mr. Hawvkshaw) It appeared that the lte he*vy rains had somewhat protracd the completion of the line, bu thxt the contractor hoped to have tne work finished in the course of three weeks. Thedirectors enteYtain full confdience in the soundness of the undertaking. The capital socoont shows that np to June 30 there had been expended 186,288M, and 179,8844 bad been received from various sources, leaving a balance of 6,4841 due to the bankers. LONDON AND MANCHESTER, TRAFFIC. Itappears thatthenewcompetitorsforthio tracte Great Nortiern and Manchester, Sueffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Companies-oomplain of oertain obstructions to their I trafc in the Manchester ation by the London and Torth- Western Company the existence of which is entirelv denied y the latter company, and in return they bring other charges ainst the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Compony, notthe leat of whizh is repudiation of a seven years' reement. The jointcominittee of the Great Northern ad Sheffield Companies complain that the London and North-Western Comnuy pervlnaciously keep possession of the Manchester, Shef]eld, and Lincolnshire Company's stations, contending that their pose_ion can only beva uableto the London and North-Western Company, so far as it is subservientto the purposesof competition. 'They state that at the commencement of the competition it was offered to the London and North-Western Company's executive to exchange time tables,and toconduct the through traffic on equal terms; equal fares and the LondonandNorthWestern utmpany's own times were fixed for the new route. But as it would not suit the purposes of comptition to travel at the old rate of 5 hours and 20 minute, the London and North-Western Company had acelerated the speed so as to acoomplish the distanoe from London to Manchester sn 4 hours and 40 minutes. The Great Northern committee say they can perform the distance equally well in the same time, so that it is probable a furtker Increase of speod will be made on the shorter and better line. iow long these disputes aie to continue in their present mild form remains to be seen; considerable ability and isnuinty have, no doubt, kf e eYrce, mdari cntine t beexetedon botsie hut it is probable that much more remains to be done before tbe resources of the contending parties are exhausted, or the usual happy result of all nailway competition is arrived at-nanmely, the combinationofthe contending parties. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Miue Pas- Mer- Total, Total, llwa. op. enges chandise. 187. 16 Week ending Aug. S. orth Dero .. ..339.. 65 Week ending Aug. S. Aubwh andGlaw U6 142 _ 7,519 6,85l Sctth Nosth-Ests -. 11 3 -. -. ~8 ~8 Week ending Ang. 9. GreatNoSrtene . . 253 -. 65 25,017 .-. L389L North StffodhLe* 31 - 05 8 5686 icalDantib 3* ..2 - 7. - - 2 77 Week ending Aug. I5 Bllelfst and Banyzna, es6 -- .-- 132- 1,014 GorkandRaudon - .- .--.-. 262 .. 26 Ceek, Rlackacck Band Psi. Paeg -* -- . - - -. 316 .,314 Lnt.aei aiway and Dock 35j ..----,.47 --434 Week ending Aug. 16. U| ast and County Down - .. . - . .334 Cneeter gnd Hol,headt 7,071 - 9 Lond eandNosth.Weete-nt 637 -- 70.20E 67.136 L-W-and2outh-western - nt 14,3M5 .. 35,07 1. 1,542 20,t3l Manchester, Sheffield. and _ln_ __hu.re § ... 1 -. - 1 - .1082 10.0 10 StHelen's .. . ... - --.1.92 1.544 |Te above is excluetr Of ttra due under aeeotwth the !ondon end oot-e ter Railway Ooot .e, t rcIOin tb ernigs f he tembotsand of the iloldand ~ nis return does not Include the Scam, of the Houdderdaeld anal, BbxpeuxeUnon,Pcstcoad ise Outbuntlo, ndMaobeetar and Buxton Railways.Alzinohat seceipte. G Dock duties, as., and Chesrfied Canal roeipte,
THE DnB Fo Bns.-If the moors are not what they have been, the forests are full of deer, fatter and carrying larpr antlers than for many years past. Some stags have been seen with their heads clear of velvet, which oeldom take3 place till about the 1st of September. About a fortnight ago threo splendid staga were shot at Glen Dibidale Forest, by Mr. Rdward Ross, two of them 'ght and left shots, one royal, the other with 10 tines. The royal stag Weighled, when perfectly clean, 2OBt. 41b.; the other ilet. 91b. The tops on one set of antlers were l11 9, and 7 inches; on the other l0, 8, arad 6 inc'hes. T-he first was shot at 110 yards; the other galopmg at 130 yards distance. Two such shots are seldom made by the rmost experiented deerstaker, and in this case it is the more remarkable as the gentleman who h8adled the rille so well is only 16 years of age. We have seen a beautiftul pho toph of the two stags as they fell, taken by his father, M. Horatio Ross. Other two stags have since been shot inthe same forest by Mr. Horatio Ross-one weighin1g5st. 91b., the other l2st. 101b. Colonel Ige had a deer-stking party at Glencaninch last week, when several fine stags wore shot; one of their heads sent for preservation has royal antlers. Some large stag have Ieen sent down from Glen Strathfarar, which were shot by Lord Lovat; and a very good bexd has been sent fromi Gleumaseran,-.the stag shot by Mr. John Fowler, being among thefirst shots fired since hepurchased the property.-Inr memes Courier. OuHious "SEA-wAxr."-A correspondent at Montrose says that a few days ago the cemw of a fishing-boat lickced up at wsa a scrap of paper, firmly corked in a bottle, av nthe followingwritten upon it inpeacih,-."On board br/ig len, f Whtb 7 Novrw , 1749, lo°ng. 310, lat. 56. sIL, Shp waterlogged, caixo wood, from Quebec. ;N threemn loft alive Lord av mrcy onou ouls W ae an ,qeeated to date that the model for AtheWelligton IQrzment (No. 19) sent toWestminster. *Hal by . GAdai~ M loae-steet,wastbrown out o;f his ompeitiofrqmtw~ f thcornrs o theplinth liavin'g inadertel~ P ~ a byondthedIMej'son of
E'DUCATIONf.-The daaghfter of a coal and corn E24 mrchant, nad of a dr.per rAn ba received in a good ehool. on muntual termus. Address WM '.1 ~ M' --9r,su, 1j%rmemmt;' EDITATtU,'.-1r(W 4.1 po WwML4YO'UIiC litwortA shoatte.ntieonoftercs.nwant of a goodbn Thschool.thiaseme FDUCATIO in T ItS, ezr the Bvri4re de 4 vwe frYOUNlG L&1)IBt. Perfec ln.trurtion, All soeomplilebmenta by emineni mgsttos. The louse is pleasasntly stuate eInd soorseonde5 by alcegadn eferences, tIc, to be adat 5 Ooolt-tr5eet, Itegent-srmeet. ED'UCATON. 16guineas, near icrodSuey -A.ronio cersm&. radnitintbi dUghfn Imliy.whose numer f upis s lmied.ha V&A.IOIS.A.soaud education is Lmpr.led, atithe tableis lberall,supr.lIecl. Iteferenoseeto psrents of pupils by addressing rtev. A. R.. 1l7, Hfiah-street. Wditecbapel. DUCATION.,-Une,xpected VACANCIES occurtwgrl~)i thre tbhL a 0ain~ Io pbipals vin reotive two o tkm 1[J?1 at 0 gniesa p "nii, toizclude all exences. Acoomp ishacent. by meastecs P.t'erencts good. Addres 7-Z. H. May'a. musio'sller. ohr.br,,a ~~DUOATIO1~i4to~C18 per armun.-1 ~ vatone, tim ofestanc...YOT 6O JDIE3 are BOAR1D D and INStRi ELfrED in English, French, music. aud danctug. No day ouptla. Locslityhealthy; ;airy '*rooms: garden and play.gromid. Refernce to vasensa.-Utrs. FEHION. 4, Albany-road. Camberwell. chne.U 30 unese aunnums Germun,~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~ordn nt a drs UC.e JhATIn,2 elego Olg wAlbon-oaNwn. &ttHamme dorowith.ihiuweetei oacnpoel L'DUeCttIOernn -ad m Iany whoe- hbat lately= a rchasd RD .E2A-DCiirc D. leitherol baa ah ArRew tV NCAKI7 in Ons07erence o th Ableent, Iandlstwm dncng thdera Thoe =f moats, kc., ao leady pro Weseor. Etoe drwin an painting M dde c'hon,pA,Erwa4 15 StraNnId.Rietem, 2 p-anu seQuin Ahe*leyenau andE Fec;lab,ooke-rw Dhlingtu.legsedtg UsAdtin,Greek. either for theArmy, mthe Novy, dortlor'me,gootspoatmevetry boraubo rtstl oroacheraree.Hrefaledeces aze higthlyrsect-t QAblet,ant his teems modtrate. ctpe ~-rentonsd, e.,tobe. Had to arrngeent tDitb. HAf-nzer o pern an6hnnum -ro Lactn,Geelt VAreNChES andrt iemn. amathemfatics. age sgboo, ehcr an tretery limitedf tunorof vghU ararnerceivedetln. Do,i4of the bestl govetr, nde tmeeldntte. Btatnd moarsot pleasanttendI herallthy. oce arrpngeruente. Incuite ermsHato uarle cohe vuncles on35h inst. Therecteisee ond SptdrlcaMr.r3JlTon. A RITAILtSl MNT or YU.~ LA WSsBuateD bn the me'hsdmredand erynealhylocaityof lacteh. 22. fermep* strictyLmiTed nmb-WofNTpI mrciED. Foneiiteand Engis governeses arom te deft.tand antter wif heut att-elt for al Thoe atcomisment. IPrprtcularls tderemso fltHe, vas-mfe,ies 3 unat Thret supsiodomrtn scumuoauorN TdrTss BTEDini ENG.IE Wra';ran.b pREPARATORY ithth ED CToNmfort~n litte. AnOYS.l K. K, M. iinpon a lirar,3 Required.Adress.Rylbo. dls3lbay 14, CORNWALL.TERRACE~, PrIeh, et'prk.m Inset on appliacdrinoi" elian SCIiOLAITIO.WN.ATnErrimediandtely, ine PUPtL to wom ted tee ut slnanta wFOIltbeStre fnor a moderat ~eniu. Pe pariculrs adf rOYs . -Rle, Boies nti hFarleby Pupl nd 'almr Barer ttfromLodo. AddressH. pr-pies's th houe,I.esherozhnr. B 'i'ben. PRIVAZTG U tIoNp-Ao mo %n arroed sud oeuere Fpublic PUPol%w. enjbaoy te eorA6rtCof home resideeet a heye"thy EXlgsi Sury2 mlsfo Yondon.Ademets,pr-ad v to bat te. her hiAb Khw n's. sit. PatcNo,terrjw11.Dr nt..S.B Ah tMARRL4ttDr diERgYgbA , whfeoris atf4d.catwuo from AI uisrr edo of o fhom ae cegmau' const a' ea ed.C&t.nOY fo anothr, tform tw broeas. Toethoe,, r'orthennsea, cire aitndj attentaon shie. pslAad. SKrts T~RIGHTON.-envctoc.ames aze. limt. HOLLO.epa ~J WA, It A. f (Icabitgs REelidig on amslc number of end ttetic Itfecewato arentslIt6rLatsdMr.o-Lawce13Breghte 4 LAD of hgh lterar nq Iiereonnt;wh ~BA. 60 o 50tinnes er nn,m Adres lph,e35 Addreot.tree. A marie lay, o ineReden criutuesd edurtn two yugldewinthan uronlfhl Catbrhone w ' toc moot e==th TWO tuirtion form a clas.Rstec r, thetsr ,nwath ru~nt utua anantbgee.j on moods,..Sla Among t. laeeb and pmeent p,B'ndar ard thuedsna of drawien.'rea' and Wmlte frdank rarelpnteg te. A.R.n5q Gadneran, Bhursders. Tlihe hos deily.Tef r fitttmuter are Inotndne -'4.bsnew Londhon. Tro u islbea and cn b ocaTIO SCHOOdL.er remndowe exuuvl o A flee-os of Gratleeneor Ahs noe c lei Board,esepaPrate hei.arn of ?.'Tr. ousitoatncuinger 75i, seeriddaa costto he fiens o 25 ata.e anualy.togKr withA.theTcoES the esuin elecion.Addrs~HesMaser,ntM. Th lawsse11s Grea.t DRIVA E TUTIO ~ N -A Arri rricedGyxan, Bat In(aS. as t,'tarf of oamridzlt.er. Cs1M yarePs idnto !rnhis hors forewlY ameNG o tL'4Ig of the 13uhage 0 n reorAra fe.SO Hofs an gonB d lNarged mENLEMEfro Lontnded ca tora stbetuion. Nurerns. rafern-cesant Ai" st,timon,alsud ern 80 sumtneat of Addres Adrev. IncateStone HomeCYafrta. oittrm OURPUpi,gint hi hofs Tthe aboves retn andt Temsarrinead pergyannu. fo ighlytestimonial noillemanroduced, alGfaduate toioounc CambridgoGaut.e, c band a wuch oomparfnee In tariti(n. orerly menaste6r In a p'blic fchnol. ndresdn toter is.andblemW'An's AXt.all,IE3ivlgitr h'reVYSndetmsG boNImeXsitunder in6trrears fiae. a D esiden eVeIs delight6fulOrtotbe InMfextensiv1te prk of hg grounds-, and mong ieat andrldo tpresnt upl are stheU attendod sitHePrsreinzInCIa moa hoft at SC hOOe ira ndunof 'witho molngeC'Plvere, IIta4Cnumber aolimiUed nLmberESof PUBOLS. Ro~dec. Te hneis delinhd aallycsituateinonre owithe mlosathealthyt smhubaof rligondn.sh course of stud ie roliera anD TompilrehensIoe, paendtane brosrcAlador td tno t' derved fmuiremenAcar'te.puthinservices Trhese abmA Vacancd forva Ptlon r boae.Rdfer.enrerms gi .. anddrxsl P&rincpa.L.care.o Mr. Loemr'o, nestaatoe.7, New Lode,d-stnreet. OlLWEIC.AT ound0-L SractcleDbuCATON Hoseigbu9 rypriaew ato teLrouimon.taothsetage, togentheor wt the om- o fotlrtseona app houme ifornte sof o gherootlemn's.th clabursses con.It gina.~ ~ ~~~~~~~a ellesnHo. nou de osf tmabite.'Poredeldb aouresidenfrt enho cutevri an tmerlota u'meaAGr ofsts T'nlro iurheof st reyciv risafewsON Itofh Pn(libLFayi GrandTtaEin. tLI'eo inenebfrthemcer n unIveAntIes maurlDicoptar ad pubic chols dDit. The localItyeis remarkablye hmealty,oea afrt-cas Onpras tiwaRy statio, ndI the 09alimest prtor mnxck.andilstax RlSIEXVIS PTPIT uner 11 yern f ag. Te trmsf arple oLetrae. c,usitelngthespeialcostora o th eresabllebetishme nt. nde eress. nsarr.,rtndon.hooders assr5d y Cabrdg Gadate eiltts isens withdcomanione X_.J Io Honnure, Of St. Jo hnia- Co-IL_, CasnMbrids (e . Op,nd. Psiemanof in oilest wore late pelolls Wer the neon of at noblemazn, RECEVESIntohisfamily SIX YOUTNG GLENTLMXEN to prenac f.r h Unvriis Miliar ex~afslations. or public school, AAdrzee NEW ARMY and NAVY EXAMINATIONB.- NCAITS P, REPAPtED for Woolwlcb. Sandhurst. Addisoorahe. end. the Ha-TRv. at No.tb (Ihea,,.boure nArahatn ra by the Pev. ALS'RSI)1 A.RR1t'1. KdA. T rm_s 7ii guInea. !J,H ARMY.-A4 mnarried Graduate in Math. A. Uloounrs, Camab, resident near Saedhurst, who during the la"t seven year hag educated the mu.ns f s"~eral officer and getlemen of swak, has a VAOANCYT for a REMYD=I'l rTlTPIL. to whom he oan noeruwnusal aivantawee. A desI.A,ltWmooe. asds,q TWiiE PRACTICAt, XILITARY COLLEBGE of N.SUNBURY PRIMFARBif (IA IIDMAM for ev'vy BRANCHr of H.M.'s sud the HY'ntC.'a iES1VIOES--lins. caner~. astillay, engineer s.unt st%ff. Two 7EnglIhb mesters. a (4ennsan officer of the rngIuoeme and a Trench statf oSiser reside at the OeLleme AnPlg to ~J ILITARY EXMINATIONS.-Aretired officer TY&TINS.-Aclergymnan. l.A,, OYAL NADAL dE(dBIS appoNeTmis.SOthah, hola pasted 11man Mat sWaudhrvet n Addercombe at fistud tmrial, R ,,eryinnecs.ho rereesvd ony ah few AdheAy Reon asc Cndofidates c theOsen'sprosrefortheeweamiat(oeicesJantr.Ishmbet noe I. AUTJFTJL ARCEITFCTtRAL ILtUA-SRA BI 'l'lI V 'moosr wetmktv La the RI1Lt3'llCt INiHWd. enga,ved by OiAn4oJewirt.XLadA Wtj&e4os 0rpm MR$tIt, ai3d W. Thomas.. USTRAT-k nd N~W ZALANDh1)-Tbelalest; A17,11`RALUI aN n4 NEW ZRALA.Vi) CAZtF.M, pubMlit Craery S-nsdany. Ideo S L. ret- fret, CA. Lnodo.,, Alir, And Street. IL. Cle. maes-ot0c.ls elt,. Ti'ede manetled I.v K'nt %.d COn. P-ternmoer row ~EW IPhALCT1TVE of tbe-cOUNTY C0TYTTS-_ the rolenme ocomplets* puice 2ia., lolrtt.-L&w Timms olilco, 1, H;o,ex. TOSIIAI;T L-OVE THY W171TG2fT13-R P Ofle.".-dvcet.re tieI mong nine of his Pelsoed. ee =on; forl 123 rtamito. be- W-m. Rwrild, 37. TEaftisb"p. PAUL eK O , lMRS (p~ 'e et filal. Siand &D.A l..0. i.IOTtrar 00otelet. iVngI,G c..tal"coe, Id. Hillt1o's 1.-vy. If,.- ~ose "mm: nurinmal conr tote 23 piner rile 21.: de la rzeiroroL. d dui Dituie.nohe. Ii1- de%7Eol.Dta. 23.: h.O.; A'k1brea (ia "rnni. 4..: Chain. Ia.: po- .,te (I1 o-noi. ?A L-,,ttlrt de Ifvee; Id. p%rss.une, -P. A. ROUb5 L ifich Foloihre.. W.I3,. V~T~E WEsTMINSTER REVI I W, -New Ser ies. No. B ~O p)-7 4-l, .r- na--TII. f.lo.t i le anid LlSty5, Cne..-IV.Frnc tnl'io,PA%t e'vl 0reeoet-V Vi' q snieot ~l 91-k ePee-tre-VT "%aetfect I)ee*tv' of the Air-,uican 3Jnimn -VI I. The Tretcion. ofthe osile~VTT. bpletrod l,Antit Intirention.. IX.'rh Lie o CoraeR~ehonon.('oSteroraryVLt*r%tnre:-.-ei. I. Termo~xned1~ rihy.Se, 2 Poitt'o nd I2l osTiorl -Seo Filt Lttes ad At. L~oen~Joh Lb,nn, 8. KIng WMliam- NJEWandchoce IOOK.-RviTe IATS of reeent WE)Kl(R in '.leo"'atie,n and on sreIn at lUnflTyi' ee'ect llhemry a'e niow costy and vilt be forwailded 'tstago CT"e on %oritoati-o - OIM Mle,Nw 0xfro;-#stzce London, And Ctet n ~5REA V~O)ES,at MlDTE's LT1IiRAI2tY.-Upcf' f100 eOm VOLVCOfL(s the l,-orkqof the mset coDd s-o.aenow oil Rk4tH, at. gren41s,hcedhol T.6 frcash. Wnat Vo-fIxfrO. reet Umdn. pd fNo-st.erve+. Manebetlter. 0FIEA.P ROOKS.~nrp1um copiec f Macsuley's Iso,' Ily verTeroco.Stanlyt Sl,ai ad Psi.itie an 8,4 rq orther C~isIetoeet ~ ~ ~'~'~Ot'~'ele. at RcIf's Llernry. tfvoe-'.aatto.Burs Library, 15, iI,'Ues- 113IiAb'Chiu; Pln ofthe attle of Fatehan. Ity ho'lme "petelL'orexp.rndent. rIn th,etl la.: bons It W1~tt Nra'Itfan o China.In sleet. is;" titrate. W;l4 'Iorerlir i tI Q'-.e. Ciareg-roe ett, next doorr to the EP9 ASTRKgi_ST_E,AJ.1SE If YP.-ZV_tettrsa se-trlntte dil, -Vo, pa5~lr se ri.r-ARIMP ITtF Ti'A,TEOD fl RtiPTln'm' f the GIEAT BA "THIt. Thle only an. thentie fto-cnct. with IS olngravlirtm Is o'shlWaRmd by Meste. 1H. (I. L'ak nir,252. Rirand. price &I. rc,elt feo fo- re"s et%mva.- GXITh.lte CtL at.thent!c PRINT of this wom&r,tIsr Stie, cu"te in doetibletinted lithgrmobsy he T. ii. DIETT?7INT. B13,. 9Pze. esthi%te- of ..aql.o. 3' 'ret 1.5Iiem, Price: - Print.. itt' (l. l proofs, 15., hI-bly calonree. ordtit. 2e. Rich. Looteo. Win.L Poster, C~ A NDES aid OLEYs etenive LISRARY. - -4onhly nopies f possl.y nw mv~e .eor nosis Are sent t-o o.teeebe,. I a' petm of11. kng ons oee-r vo-els. objectionable Term axd ecere onapel.atoe t. ATre Slanders and Otley, ~ VN'5E 1 LORfl OF ALL: ew Sn. y iJ4 MRARLF ST,1`1fAV. Authonroftbe- bogtrO f.i .te Alto the, now V-v4tDnet 5'y H.0( Glffi.2It. H~Ait 33. Bath h--e-Dince. Now moeic atlhalf-price. C.snnlrrorders cx' c.sld. QA L F's X, N W -. NIVE'RSAL SCI-TX(' NUOD42pat,ees, price 5c. Baeoey and Sons'r nincicl library, 20. IfnIl'c-&tree'. 'ROOME~NEW UIVERrA C,A RIOSE'T 0 0P1111'TTR pubiAhl-,e4 this day, pr'ice 1he. Bnonie and Smi?e Trl,,Ica) )1hnr-m.. 28. Rolles..treet. onl coeplte illon, for the pifnoforte are thbinspnh!f.l,ed bhy Thaoy nd oot 72 ii'!ls-eee, is.ic 5.. ech, in o'oth roven's tI. Ass n,trectngdeeteiionof he ot and pnsti- I, Interte' in et~ch eo'.ine Alo. erdi.~ igoett. fr; and Leo Vlprce Sici2lieanes, TEIE BLOOM uon the CHECRRY TRlEE. Corn. eons!isv TEPRN GLOVHR red over by Me. Sluts li-eee. "Th toct ottersone of %he moat popstmar tintuer: the ely erec an flwin, nthig cae exceed It to bean.tv and origtinklity."Reytia.lYAenale a d 'o..20. risho~cnre.r, 7:ondon. TF¶~~TTORE ad LA TAVIATA.-All the- I.AdI rrAnre for the pianoforfte, without voice., by Ilr. HM.%r CLA.tTJ'T.T elegarilly enravedi and printed. 4t.; cla Ott igoletto, Psiritallf i"ea Dlavols. SournavallsXa. TffoLs Iluirssencta (uilslzuame Tell, ad fb athr.". to. e-ch. D'Maslinae A*,l liA. 20 q,b-..vs'.re. mErRf(7?r~oRs of ~THEATRES, Fesitva.ls, IPr t I'HNTILTMISif is the 501.1 PROp RIEIToI of cheer. r. (3. TiPR LWIjfiTtf S's MVBSICAL 0ONIPOsITrrXR. and all commoncica ti-nn In sefereece eto M weeks .nust be addrerpect t the Sanmo Sigr. R. GentlluccL at 70 And 7t, 'eia deila. ~tomot*i r.sma. ITE t'l'g SNGS in L TR V[ATA an~dILr Quellso Pira. Ah Ai lBen Vfie. tle'rtc, ilella Terra-&l I3d. each : Strde la V4retma. llcta Ia Notte 'PldeAf,a Tnt Vsorai. and Stiornn Poveri. fm'. ne-S-fornin 11 T'eos'tore. Tho Rrinitisi We'd nrile ntd be happy. 'd. D! Proetence and Ah Pocte d Lt.lid eW.acb-frornl`.aTreilata. Each one ha.e Engtth ant4 feto word.i. and, nerat paet Ire in? otto etqmD exera fI, the 13 congs by post for 61 stanape. Mus!cal lloasuet-.odre, 19lZ Rich Iolbtorn. m EW E IRadO WU, iM I iAL5. OanDely..vl Pat NThCirta ta Each e oe o 29et, tilcedt. fre doxne oet. toos edao t pnh'lmur to the oreucno .ble0J4& M C P-ARD g WISNXt o.F r SALAE,N an gTrInd OLo,aDtothto ofIN tNhe vhishhe et stale,, bof te tott'ewrt Tto e ruptereo loi fferon eanat fromswhnyItme"stheoadl bthes tot In the. GEatlish `15Andsisotrdly a natina pltneir pitoubes learesietrer ther ohenre of 12 rs,and 4 o doroth-atirl ownispec-retion SzfncLrkhemte. Tholoanoisle this tOpoeb work ofn ofewscrt.s.oom dor.e legentttceet has reat pseesre~n InourretfeInobe Vnd ttall M8'LferrT f1romany Paie Athord ht Ibemoin Norw l Sptlemef Span Ifrthg torenhe hl.avethei ploorES cUPleae At their own residnce "d venee, n 'eidez getheate ownoIntpereamtion. M lr As adroIc toiL. lraeto 7, Ware'neet8t hsrealet. R lidint" n allta banhe (1 LO ES- oyfh Q Tei'sRoanlLttn Patent.M-o Ei5kW.utorofIEGOB.wih hFeeheb Mpa corec.nle "FenhiRei. oto arefrangement.ha e Scetpande ortscoandpteo Un a ewt ofLonde.oen.I pformbsin F1herIoon Owhen nof tditirdfrn.c. Thlwey ore fonearfees In cirlsandferetco, emantlo Inea.e oni. Wsia.tool, tand or Frencihvarnis 'lneRTvIJIED.-from Pail. AnHEr oonduas tormal 5pffo Spessleleg freTc -doitCatttle, .rEOt Frn n a dPirm a t hi ow R E dencE D fn repare.'Buroin creswtm toee fee theibrnexamineration Adilroec to M. Breec. S., Wandsk.tnegto vieset'-hoolTAdefamUt. I imhtiWo r.,ndo. moti.nlq of ,Mthrtimeandgeogaphcy.-oS LOtve.r nhoo "1iacteb Male Eay"Frenchianel Bken.- le"tbe, * whomcs puil' arecbeenusl itnrnestini titleuyearysr tWe Celspe of PrTcomiy.th Sorivaet of Anua, and- the Univest .oftLondon. i,& fomig RLEZCHVOLS~l fdrs deg(AS -resuof torwahns om slapdies an.genle'ne butI Hiagn WllllraIL'etreet, Ctand, French verb an-Peonthcl' Ati xon d taugh bt in hreeiveth.e auttoet. Piletcd p EMOVED.-tir. BUCHHEIM~ conductor o Isthe London. Leetoes in oleo ti, totnat dond. T Peyh." C1OI~~VERAT plyOtoFrofesorA ITTA. R, 17, pier oilim-SeTA. E IG-r tiy-!AIpdolElVOIESN UIoNiTEve o Rundaoulce ts tb iRowaldgeingtwhch enh aon is Wsoarien attende wihanoe,danmeesdornd elenisry.en. ofteea. WmeraleamlathSt aid ndTo tedoyt. ratett,torenao Oulutoo oftemrma air. SOhcombinmedwith Lthisml raoneslog ic fot etlae,e mm loan imedl.imentate and node. w stand prttywel hot0 "WA eNannolIt sea i. WRNC ad ER CAV4tA1I gCASE,'lhc the pepticj:Ig ace r tnsofagtteny es Bomenhom'& 535, O tfedrst., betee they.thIn ang t lIo ago -c1,cnn' 'NJeOTICelegnty.i Alowng celebratpen COURSES inote etbe t. ETlf & LtzaWtin. Grmdat,coresk,ond ilene LAkgeDngUAGs 'Parefethsed In time Goem.mhtrednt bakland, byd AeltnhandW Sffon. rit, metic horn ial.attherd.e Aprle tof Ir. li, Ach. atthe ryetotnisu th -L,tne a . y . ta use by Oleocrf EachDlan.n115 e Omath Ruenlstlee rissised Win tre. ots U"f CRM AN Frnc,taan gend Smanis I AnT everom Indlof trhnslaton dne.fo. Pvea,s.llean oolat te rn-ded.Ters desousne Aopl toin L1SEOfcao 'In AJ~t S 1an tpper Oliton-thre,FtAny 'f.BALII'E.-MVr. F. R. VENNA. pupil of the alTer emlnent coposncer, and Profestor of Sissing at the City of London College for Ladies. Addres' Cbappell and. Co.. 50, New BWo-street;1 or at W. R. Venuas? Tintidece, 6, ITorfollr.sqnae. Susiexg%rdenmi. ITrds.Tark. DWN O PORTE- Private Tuition.--A gientlemaen is P1-desirous ofobtlningPUPrLilfor the PIANOFORTE. He Ital goo pianist, and tboroughlc competent to tench. Teyrm one guinea -pevonarher. Ad areeoi S loWn, pot-office, (onhIlL. FOREIGN GENLEMAN, Whohal studied th_e A olaOendrthel.ctsaeismit te Oo tlon. and who ha, a few hones is ~~~ofgiting PINISR1110 LESSNS ~ to- bla own partment,, and wbere Freac, orGeeron. Aply pmonsly orby ltte tP. T., 25, BAe%og ('~NESHILLNG a ESSON-A lay, ~ikprfesooe of enspratio en snerir ataimens,who sinigs to and with ?flO CLERGYMEN, Pu1,blic Spealtems also Lade aercns enie. NSTUCA clan SnGIw anfLoTINno Wr.e thAate kstrengtesay the vie throat,cest aduo sA I boa. icoe WNmena n moral dIactlio, slceihe & and detaoees The hyoosiwar bed eIngellecoaletgc,an irceth aoe fcso mi WAVAL ADM an MASTandAMU. GRG -IL 5VA IR , 'ayap%-e 'TOU)IM G~'~R e IJOtTON . ans muxellent; cleaert ('liart, per doz. ROUTG and I¶RhIRRY 5 20Twin pe zn from 2ou. POT nbnroh4ts(t oee W sof kilry.l .od UNADUI..rERThD WINR.-Th0 nuwttys~herrv. 55e; afttee 1~o~483.: Mhnngn.5e PHLTOE. so?4'S on. O., lnpotec. aher o their prdnai,.Ia of guplerneI' wines free fron actley.56, hndelt.Ireo., ort-o;treel: aet. belted 1810. TEMPEA2CECRMPGN , fermnente-dand wsoes wlths±`'Odci o power,. i8souc,t%red noiy bty CtLA~Aci0001 an0on.. Ul. Higeh liolbor., Price its. DM doe uktRE SOL9 RA SrERRY, 4Ve. pasr odozu. bottle, and hampers tnoo3dwi, ao4 ec%trinllazt,MI pur, q nutty. ant tdry. To be hsd only of 1,1XTCHtL.Lt, And Cb... -ineand lu-ndytreohote.S.Idol-laue. Tuwer-atreet, &C:ocslIhd li "u.R Thre deo or tome. at 4ii, pii it~WI EN il f wichare guaranteed: ISherrieg P 111wb Nietb.osof otlo". (Qa,eno or paul anD. Uev's), 284., M---. $&. 45.- per d' ren: Porte. 3'e. to WiL, Cbw,._ldoe, 3Xs. lOtOs. Ito. pinta dItto, Mes.: Mettila, r4'-.-W?. L M, wine mroohoant, 20 .e. .'e.-*tret IlSfvitlIv. Wt.Ohhthl,i,h IR,0 aoe,~o otwtheo de-', Wire onflit. aors tro etlieyirtod. Hr.; ehordean. W3d,.; s Jnrold mined 458.. 483.,8g edoe.thce,lo,3e,d.:ersp pore-, Siz.BeullReraif.tabon. oric tor- dry.Pe, per c0ho00. been aen,d Hiee wie,a -iept mprcoabte pMric, ,,oteorn4,, aho ilwety.-78 Heof ctbA reotwl A,nd hoemre-t-olmvriis ca-~ afee- S PO,, RT, per-eigtfinemr fal wo,o,od, theo..x rdwit-ly Pfr, fit fo TlmwetUste brinklgo ffaor lyto d~vwnr, do, necu'zs ; oltdm tot:td Kdlto.4o.notoi hs,; an alr, asP.nnea2therry.30, hetat im,arealuaN30 il C,,r.11'lefl. nsrrnno 0ro ;,v 301VIA MIlt0tfKt WAOti nd. C.., wie i,ooreot, do. 46 n. o.ho-tse,Port to- tT(~ENE CL[C, 1il2CAN (1E, from IwtrrT-&'. CAV iFilwi soed onIgne fo it, ie Ie. d"zn ndI dze cce. '/ per doAn I"gnt r otn ozenea. W -i-d o . C' re iiera4t rerin :-ztn d 1sneu nlt:ity .,lroen, Ii.:inr hr , .4;. :t dob Cltrsee,,h. Onbl. ,; aie.. 483. obN ual theiceyardt. n-luG yielda~t gh05r nto.a.-)t,e tr. e inyr4 iB elig E ONOMY. wi-n Whe,tS-.he pu~t 1 )0greetpo of,i thygh, thfoe len and thoei viairte, at ,rho,In e uight clore nah J,ee.t $heres. Bea.s t tors thn: Prncvl ae,,*l peolde, pa..ger 4o iS.; erdb' ozrr. sut enouIhig P nt 3sre, san aton nn I'la snnd tmnvolal inhc roeeens,me ick for ~ 0,rand 0 4al,,,n and It., od. e aio Port. 42 OtreoG I, whieu cto. ver Gecstlo &Ntol2eorie-I r",r t.e. Jof eO0roet, 1-. pe St xtdbe 36 ( IfGRoseG(K. 422. L)ue-vl ar Lttr . . MI¶'P .rIA ;=W:L%6tm72R ,:s. jhbi. 4.r toocWI K. 'terndo& 4 herry ; 0s. rev dozell. 42.to Sg;e,ptearsi nu dtta f-ro.r 7di-tndr 84rr. :4. eadrl, Osr. -letue pre. JohnrihrPt"s~. sdINC.bfrnaite'nnr 72. M,lrk-eica.Cheotreide. r 4;a.. ,foeooi o' ,be oweo -lt t9k'tnurnglms"re,rh vntageho Coll frnt,ss. T4-y, VetunthIe , an wet-ks.e ~ r, the gabec he hsia'tol thir iattse c err t eIgt a tener hand ~ ~e~.'eViolt to the rtnctcal Vine Ad, ofagee (~toD BEESWNf~ PORT (SondeuroaWsAndIppIng, XY4 pe doen.Goleo nd oleSherie, Ss.and :tan. 7'.. d 84. Ol Rurde.al.ei,r DIvUeloee..ohnlre.adLe- fPA'RKiLI.2 Nepr.lGD ClVOu,HPagn4.iCe, CYdF R&nd fieold sralw'ri yHR,,,tF,,,. CInsihenria.e t,.o nerniitls,, andOer,rr zero wirta. OFld palte, 4ogna berardy 72e. doee, utr2 dozen:iutaf.. 7ac ".,Tlco Port n.i oherrylt3rgni. pend -Othe fottesg lineIur4.dOn rcCIn Lthe Oie,,sllt PAmdulal foLw,rin by IIE)(dt an, l tsT- b ARR,tasenercn henl, hko..e15t itetenatsteret frosdnt and iO. iAgY i.beIucr,e.sditn th tere Ironacly "Iua"-ae Ito~ aeoeu"eIty ove_r evry.-tber brndy txIulet iore for Peino tllobeeonoea Vatze the lw stnle,e abe: rI ozne.s XxpIr . T ea" peolnsm gornot,ndomd-lfNt %brtIeT?w mnlitt, iht bA1J mrkntvrIrcu* i"n 1 ofrd tron, te-nod tor "16d u th) fnr, o3ett!o. doze treaeimu, as,.Ipottler. a if weiler f reewin and bw0railwa tin,ofote onargeeistockpst-of Vleeoat. t her's 1oetstlttne payabwle M-artc tt Pn,o pnorat-oSc to the caigneco.th PAKL NG DEVCI HrI CTOUT anild EAS- B7 CSNW l'lftl P& PRtL& dozIn Iuefcet Nsenlle.- imOrder,pent am doe Pinrts. 7,. pinto 4,r* pera Phdozen quart,. lie. rIntA 7e ,reft.4. ort apdSherr. PIe ipe Champagnotte innlerod pIny,k. WHIN' and'RFIm PRIMR GoClSt'se. Netoes,al ltfero.',l,s,,Ie. .)e w L o, tree foUtAr, five orti scix POt UNDS of CiTA otaInedIn ~tbe hItghenr thte of pe 'eIsn from te. t.enA Dou,V iandupmcr4to -etli' P2AetDy wirn, andbrAndy meChant 4 SZ Fctipper Thane-MRee,ct.Duigtelt30yaslnird o f Ter,ls hvltdrie enrft b4IC y the PAL o Ahe. PAM earee. TAnd' r0ov6r1 PNsTEMszll. wbab Ade racoke. In lerede to thne rP.tU.tliuAitt OL,W t 5m OA, tlppeev Reosner.ern.o t, pnrn*reultba f Mal wMon :tneri. H.Bt Watdtvr inomanerSticnl-wv e ,-. od onon n s.-tuer nod tinle oir blterde., ton iebe opnrfrohWa wroouer 9C Gtrabl at een,& E .PL LEadXXPRE fo ot-R hes.-looD F sOP CHseR'S erene shOed,-ar T`z'%nlnARt'smheirl)n-.wtMH l,d reptVio M n Bbosado wtbrchle keepI F'?LI oeuthe tnsc, roe rl-n o14b., on lie parktorLoe ndte ond tor wb*tledinth fornest,De osuditoss h 16 nu'acturern, Iometorl'ttlrr as well afo brew dro.and azng Inen laf th laet:ee J& ck of! pale al to 4lnT04 8 Slioh. ca ozetot~ neord rs on the shortet notIc e, codrtth Greateot as&rtvatc-r-i. hILl. VOVG,1 St. Pn4 e-;a. (ro elatt.efs.:spings 5d, Re,sIlegs Chnampaotne eDert pe com o0 d WII0OKW~1RTU a nd ReOR. ombin etreth Sfer-rousl 7anay ebon. nd upwirds -o AItNista. exIquNWAt0, analb with 41. ineat. tretey, Ml a r-ouadl orb?lete.RoI foorp' wesrvionge i.cGeatd t owleng 'rt. t ute,c, ae.JA u odn,- 1 F2A4LARd.oRf tb CReasod Ske Cd at ilavehopeshatrise withn.ta0 rprngwatr oe n locs,duivored tulm Ltead,4 dfltveredail.nod wf' 4 o tha. en peew.1a4 l. to iward ao ofm e Lonydston. frk Whtes.oot pa5tvy, seraen'beIthl Ipelcpt11,.w bo-ebls reWin.oo broel. 90 5acii bet. doe panes frod Shrycorbherafreezemmou. ddres l'ore dtRlAUed and OA'OmaytbeOha Hotitod pot'ilonappliatina to the () TTE N0EWSOME' WAULTANAr SAUCs says mwoat frefreking arndrnainktg strwe imuathto the ppt ite comptosed duTions of LhorEast. It I atn eqist freeir winthWl n- fih.eat polntry. ondgeee, nd oeRoya aluai Ecadionge t oossr snc, hatch,s TChreosannfopItmetere highlyt dhei Admialty and arottl fav-r Tohehd ufall iof Spande end Sutatn sole T holey.salle aedt MC, UdREFTRIGERATIORS inr theervn ifeSand 16 Srnd,n of4te hetT Wae,at teM A loescaherwars. ino steenar told appono in. Seedo forethe sosew theirf Sren pos efrcraon. apnrcs pring wateNrgIr Cty ObwoIc,elvryd 6onoe wnbanl of Owndiy n UPanae of B. J d. D 8t.. Seb,anomter,watdh fowsuet cankmkey ltanpei" speetioentr byof, treWeaitnd exhotperyepstobleo woetebe ainde.ooksecs thsee-crleammchnet. mattfplared fror Serry n obeo.freezlersizoodca% c MoM etaLe DozIXNorsm, waechmakeros ond appeiort to4th S enbom Ieoatsnteeswthny. 184A,rtrand. L.opFd Tranel "Iret Ltongly- re Ieorns wallchesi inro Lofdno t ohse cih istern,it watver forA4 aetnd or7 IDrinking prpose' wihufilteriang ItiEc4 ch Ine These meellen Pratlnenta Filer can onlyb haWndso klys.orcsbeeadOn, D Cock,h an-de Choono wisr qualirty wthebriat,adb p pitguent tod the QLuee et pi n Sla fTrey sal ADceet. 1610. ham iLnndo-n,a GLDVERWATOHES.-Aelevelwtcdi stidard cod cese Ai. wStee gibeashe, gvnewiol tarif. Sen pet fre one apatterns eseOml of tohe elganm Agot an aetenivestc of atho ew n eleorro gol trhi e5 andishmoet.manfactured tom new an ormieb alsu idtesibgn let ~AMTJ DIXON watchaker ndomeweler,s a4, flYER' t 3 5seGOL WtCpeSr aefhowode xuoessr t B.J. ent in al ibis Chronomter, 1 Wthndociakedt th uenadcnO b and maker of Thegroatdclok oforthe Hns,fPalaetLdis leverW watned bsicxe muieasthrslcs with nwWottC baeletneato aendn-w husiDm, stda k6an. o ce l.Teqan l sprseFitl cnae,m nur ar akigde tbaurgod sod r mail enough dob onlh altea okt. Ma beo adlndti C e xpainedb ath th nanI r d,15 oebon-tre. taiedonie tter for als SRIL CablOWad SOS adscnithsm and jewelle&rs,kiTan cWmrl dvote The grsond flooran ofrhenaewhldng Isamoe pc tOthedls hmefor line s goljeeerad inecld hi, Inthlwehrdnnr,nwbeeudaican enlts aleetmen ofrineadbrohs cot wIth bmWagnificet gen, vbraceletca an nc Poll - --c. All ewl maufc tured arnd in ew noet'me. We of alt of hseldf lcwaGrrs ted bPie old cain a R ADY-MADE MUSLIN DRESSES 4. REdout akir, Pouned5 ad 151*10 wrb tUko". wbi.hjs gtre' bve ey. Fa.Le d tram 1'°ne erae-yih a W e enu otu'1 COMP,1,. ye, OCI-teo4. e, < SIIM: rich, plsin,u, rtA nd Co. rerpaed(R4 rewg bsuettse- ol lrnole. we.Fir tidItenio= . I fiss. oni eiyat d a welrt i a Ea9et7KTr2 aoot oI.3Trti.O A?et7 .t"ey, BCori a, IL S.O(("i5 a .Oe Aa. INDIA SRAWLS. Chin Shswls, F'rench BSh` eopEbstittDes of foreign and Biltlea RIUWLY oomisn - newOt degits, und 5O.steSasils 00wOfuy Seere 0a5te oms dlr,t maunf.ctusrer in the vwcsld, ec var ;ing in lIne, from 16g. t, Vdnee,% WInd aia'ls b obt and ee.ag- ejetoaf C~~~~~~~~~~~t LAWBEN'B SYAi's 1eetee. eX-*3tSn' d WILLIAMS34-n andi7 CoUt..s prepar o at letaig. have jreaklp 71deo 1! ttth -t-rry' real Mpanuh atreet, I4ea r4 S Wtlese -'Areet, Wrndre. Athd 1r3 3all their fl4i,SHO)IG01 tmccrww 26d atrsent,b oo~- - ^ST~ ~~ aod,5 Wewerey, INIS-ND AIsgeiI TWPrichel twItfl-ullnoed ijilk Hobti (just Dnochsaodi, all at ItS, 6d., viifulk price fire and a bappkie inre W'ED L}gFT-OFi tLO1'aES, for exprrt4 dT EDof -meae, teabae. and synof with teaS I rAcBrl htwo 4 aae CkLdztoiS Ps.-rlss (it. I i AMido.ide i yon : ealedo et aretdlIcioga .n=-eo of We toseotos. P.. WEU13S1 23?3? W.tNT:D, rgF-O F~M LIN'ES RreNS,rta W BD, lE&IPT5O ALEC! from thttr tuLear. I ecICY s o r in the sljseoe ast37 teir etur r n rAxtlhes add, tot o,ato ene..t airrys DD as 'ar t pDIes a: tldeltlnel *t iot3wlrt hali , hFreetof gieO1*' fpr t row. leads to ies i.,r4 quInFtt, orakes cidrdtoreei , danshi, aSlroe, de dreat. chSbis, k tafno. Meeers T. arirnc. Co.* h'e s.o tihie o ac rer rr. nertmnctrmoltbevotred WoCa i3t Mion t'Ate aFri- aJ the whole ot wil eai d .bcal th , so.;d epo icareggleo ofa0,, n = on,j ta sb(ee wnd carte,11 o itze., tb bih ca, tty cara, 4. he t aie n Dshiid tan o4mhr4 ja?,17. h a,, ther 5iera wate e r7 Dnkre-rto Altd- dt, o hr houiee ofae". cfsrl. be4 S calioerd it, flaux dCrde, oth:wi-,oe-Jd nB la5. eTrd. Lod Co, ,bme ot thi or snore a-s-Prded ap tx e redct o uteit ro= bIuutAu e3d. r. bi - tinr.e rot mmdk of lot, oatrtt pa'rf atb coleron set pet c rea,-0n and r s W , iseeet-irr conm.i9en t lo C i t; t oamfb btt.cit ,nd 4t, r u a bction, s r-at. ob th croaa l teThe stamn teotbed on on'l, ug 1 P t-helrUcnwrehou% j. - Duk t, Hanebepter-cnAre e*lteb iol4 aEbengt he% b m ;"}7. P ^tor r,gurate Dt S q:a>.X IC sOlin zd fluant], atu, Idon ftV0ro-d cota rds . Ptad Ie ,L tewhr dotee, T'"ln on swb. KNAPSACKS Pfor S OJBIS'TS, Ior --E Tbor(9Rr RIPlpto I nt Wa&s-yr0a0 D1Wat. Moe 4 all silk, 59. Ca5rir$ in tbe pmchet as , prddoo Pt - tble 11 Who. .o, bed., eer dau ke, tb o Cidert vaWn)e to EDW. TON and SN. b9. atrened. wonorst' S eeithece Wd-Cer rDavoend ar m "Id by t, oyasc tLeir e,y si one ele, y 'opea-e blIr4ellbei"ca. te-teerel 1.PPrOVk.-5 tiltO], Mt*tO.aUst clOthier outfitteLr, 24, (lracechnrclsatooek city. t.C. te %x trt wl?ee wt ea iso veueers enult ite tt,re sDdr myit rticlesof li GY2-LEMIM's DRDl,8i oMtzn!blre the beet qolit, -Itd stjo, ist a onst sdepoi stale ot Orf m, snyll for cwh Pe me,uro. tbe wilnao and oes-i,,lfed ?tcu5ort rdl'.line siding, a om-Ios. eott,The c-Gren morning Y"Masde 7 r oh (,eat in w srec0. Ic cloth adapted for the itareefnt -eman. t-, ies a-ill roea 5 e,cosnZ *ozdl moate on esle; bever a ad bimcot sertasai uiqou etexstes,- ~D.NIC LL,su~nL Ofu'tPeR Il2w tnt per oed f-113 Or .* L 1 ba nl Manfatue fit, Ren foJrars VlsO7JGHT bme Theb l to;aT4irtOX Coa, rch7ly hd, kI eventrx vste', Z2 0 J froc . esFs, £3 Os. noerlsd £Anroi Mwn1Sbtste, *7.n W £1In.; A&orolx w.ieter,ss. fro-~ )fc.t . Angol tronner, ~rom £1 it their 8egsiemed palat;, , 42 2a.: the allied sleeve fape £3 Is. has alothing chsred sooording to sn. i BJunorr1. Too urb&cts, and clsd,oJ rot bs, .0esasn wtimtes fr Iti.ed for wililo eoy* ,sd dliotratl:l uniformse, sermoants Ilve-ties n%-14,li I as, :5, tR-mf-t-,toseaD6 '22, Ok.rnhlL, London. "pjjROU 1, a LE -, O yt.eBI ,next dot to daxer t Hoo-r, ftrnd. -Ths only ta, lent in Lade fro ti-a foliowi't: articler. rna,urfoctvved exrre-.)y for Tndia I rt're.ber and GlnyT hsentapa,sa.sot,Threbee ksebsoirs, flaccsei ehlr;r, Thje,ec-#C', roiitar, Shit;.. Threshter' Sod rweed auitAL Threeberig overland trns-rh. TbreEaher'; oahba besu f, stisarers Nib. Liet. of pises and detciie- nr's!c,rs of the nece swyoutfssilt for eey" orAtrroe and ve oilntment isu Inaij, msay be bad a application. fr 1 IiS&N 2~itTI,92,enbetre Q.ebod-, n9. ; -anditt3, 2ee elasic oel Sooe. i&;japan, I2s,: Oxoni.rs.'14%.; j.pan. l41,. Welioron. lls, fla-'fooed IRs: j~an(ies4 Wellests-s, 2k ditto se otd i.;Pic iOy ,ae S. I m utroled leatbe Zfavoleo wto 'oeo o ot.4s etqai Btdictlj'fo cashondlrr.it t,li o,tss. Tritwij -andb8075. 530,Ceario-crms GLMW. (rW. rM 'Al ANTfl. rAlu~a.iS'enLemeIrS'ir. aJi (deue'#, LEK-OFF WG SP' RLXGiof5 EPPRy lecptof. ever In ay qsneitca. adle andLeAlea ne atd ge at mn yaitied on,6 High llsulisasa. uW.C.e%Vihedyes WVANTED,b TO~ L ThI forS.G.tlpo-t PttI'stf every ind G APP2(' R GE2o LeNIeryea WAtio4(eb sz!d13t. Vrrila eat gooda pAny tnn4 or dietfanreh agde&tleong or2. lca ditt s,t,4nve, drieiIl-s M ATD Fo utait AIs,'fb Gexntetsn', and- orenmslemeziOpFWlbea.ttdco sAPA3tn.of tieveryds dascri,tou and hoanyth hIbantiPty.Ldes svnd letln waited fur aXT-O anyTime of 11destne,rby aodseolbg RAto .o to .re, andOB r. G. 31115A320 cltbteassd, oot aeler-, egt.heuee. Et bllshedd 83ysar for Antralia,LAIE' GtleDIneS, LEec, n hlren's OL THE,of eer Wh&tflyG A?.fo PAitit, fara-bab th tsemb wa2 il be g eo i csh at D.DAI aarf.s LiCI8 ROLIP reimet, arlwaehouse, 11,e O Tfrisae.toek l lfah. eheterequrs,21.1 adesnwaittned utonb ps-ivathllibps, atd Mm ownyeldeoe, Fsauae LET-FFCLTea.rs,sor W tinT-eD,tw%Lo (ai PUCHS:ters, L.ArmaeSd. begtoIe- naa sdu5s and SChildetnes LZIhT.VFe WEIro-INGrimPAIn ovAfo evry deeslntlLon owbLes r (-i!b padfoe - can,sd alloa pr1ee pseci asisan etlr watleedo tl anyviime or dibe incr by adressIn a toM.a dM On IityR, 9 readd Uan-s.leteret.lilbrn.-If rYr t~ANTED, LEFT-CF-F CLOTHESS' for epr V LonT,-4djSayLgentee ilh atda taytm orT.-h dNL,rore an pae the hihe Nebtpre vn W-D O rasch foCtVslvreLBPOd R i,cltIbers, o1r6, dyieshestBgn-t, W.uo asts5iscd3y7 LKANGTON andAuCo.,lPat DeS', Go tentlectr's eFt,mn'sfwturiOg CLreOmthEs, bof ever.,I?o b datripien o thaththey hae dod toal,Iswr hxe liven ea.t l; v.aVlpaa f 3s DReGiNlualwarehue,W 41;, dsrye doue.stp O cr D ear ich streOt, Latdle anPw,=1 gnlemen asrtlended ho privat elhy byMro sUmoftbgla d Mrs etHosnourladised nten Shah the ;wZ Mie a lUdElobeur laale oab fogl sawyrdeditionth tade L1Who 0or1roci.LsJTHt,an allo I.tlaos4latoIus Poast. Ladle as entlemi n I asiL sorh aWe t7he anov tod spos 0 will waItd on a. beis-re0decs ir lets!adeoes o Ixasiegs undh,ere, crwn nd , ktls,i.e. * wVs-Cth5dlt.~ liie t,as roto-st. LEY'-F?CLTHS'fp bant ltttmt-oand Mrw.HkRw till pontne iis h rplAR ~ dEL PAdles SUBSeTITUEfore asi~ anI a th S.nBaTOthei rhesidenss, ndaby otherpatnt roob alterem xs of Mo gsuead Godixsheyo, coreardishesthue and erpt atilre next to ee gke tea tand canffe emseriossdeer kasivebs th andf.1or sQ(C13`%M41ng ketea patr-alspoon s and forks,.o.al aekr gI s.p la m figu e me, at lat ,sf ,tm lsth and oieseta,e houet of th bqert nnfractur, wfe ant aisl-d pole., atlypnronoe during Aa l crdhtona. Beat C ina none k datht=p portabLthem seiriersiors,ofro&Wt 3d hues. ac sam. h showroom, P to for topartbfor.ntmat thattheyhaveadde tatI goodeso tht aolotba lare s,et of ebbnI DE8014 inth hihes campoet art, whih haverdoctlyOtAid W. og' IAeM, ON hePaS,EIIIi PltheandJeWoetloa rs BO fGT.e Lhei wrDedtwortheyaue).givenOin cwh.-4. B. also aH woerded Oxthe at te ZIsity*ax I 1q51 froaOchw aBrtce tei maW.X.nO ate-At.MONDon nda thearl%nsPlate,sLd ewhall*iet BOUsiGE. b"no. "Cht.ns tesn (iuawnr "Lnt frveeb,pmAet. R-pscngadgldn S. RON, whenPlated yth atnt Jroelsso MOUGnT. EinThe Dlvrthan can hevenpoda sIcn tithr sssenG-I orDocATTENtalys by o possIbl ha can ri-It edsinuse ro elslvr l toAMONDS Plate, Pearls, &nd Preidous Stoaes D MRC"% e for etab, At theIr foe C ilo Y byS, bl i,an &. aCiWLANDEL liwelleos liM )leget.s.*ee I) ON 6Plate, and Jewolery of evry de. D DOs.U2 ORTg *e for cw n4fnv, gfd . b-GGA INWYORgW-Ith, Z ODmbill, opo(ijiti taokf rng%od. fTAhIONDS, Plate, Pearle, sud' Tewes ]9OUGHT Dn foe csh,g the flvale gire-p-qH&1) TTEM)OIIOUGM OGoad-sreet, W. A. lare anaorkes at seod.hsod pl4 &Ad ewels alwayson sae at loweorlos bes AT ZL wof 185e-Council 1edal.- hn tvllPe 8-Grande b -edale dI'Hm .-G 1evy of Bronzes d'Art-P. nd and Co.. of Pari, re. EOLTit1 nAomteBLIIs NOuELlcThEt aforpet PoleciJoNofIhr eIXs ofteL1r, etheet. and home, MS.aeum tNartet, anodr Bo chargestl o ImportAnd adeo. Catale msrgln ik tiosi, a.eac, or by ot Itoutg stanspe. ' a c taoleKtasswork box1 *ad w s1s nk sAOds, fn; the las tock in Englad ofsmo gesA addS. ullu.,The VIMsin0gt et .o=Iy ..o (lIssslous at . an d areLT worth ovft Inseotlea t a -sC4n0ee =toiiar,eb oftiss ,Apte oTieiy faOss nxwordross.peel he.. o * IEHI. ork.bli,absts ,d.4e bet sobo snrAe shadve, with standomlteS_ 64 4.io 59 Ilad'sasewood 0sa
SALES BY AUCTION, wgVy Inom d ~uV that th vrious atioaEto the tVlc&arott 7. Irie Of Wight -Tha Priory Estakte5 near Ryths. lol lolts. 4I. GiOcesteishire -Tbs) Newob sl-pArk Estate. 'In 2 lots. 01-2 frad-treet. Js-cenno,n 5isitif~te-lioethlt inus, Trtla-green. liluchtI,r. ~-~EiSE. 201CON,HOGAJAT, and TRiST hav reeivd ietrctinsto offer frs SALE by- AIJOT11)N, at the Mrt. n Moday,Augut lIt burnlts en casitableoOffer to prevousl mad by rivte costanet), a vets' Inavortant F6RES1IOLD PROPRTY.sitnle n the 51uaweliltrZl rod. aSw riagen Tincley ner th Dai-fced tes stut ix MlesO fwro town, withcontanteom~;vcati.an a detret roverbialz for tire Ealubrty ofthe ar adbat ftereoy The residene, hic Isari'loehc thoug onaverlbe of limes and Ornaaentl plseuc dende. as ben m ch n-lared end. ixaDcoved at great coatwtis sls few yc, ad offers tire meet perfeet accommodationi for ag aiy the a'rangemoeetssuggeatin" Iam inoistution for patiensI co tal.tmbeetand re'ecal. amalleibed rooms and dressing rooms, toelegant drawing roomsl opening to the pleasure groutds, mornn r(oar. ontraraoe-hall), a noble and vey ofty recep ion room or slnde dliner. 35 feet by 34 feet, epedidly decorated with galler bal1cony leadil,g to th Isa,Ib Eirwinrar; tire domenios requiremnents admirablIy Centrieed andeMbracing ever-s cs-utial to family comfort. From the terccacs at the back the meat ex-tensive view is preecoted, Inctinding the Wcala at Vaer-s-grk and the icerm~edisto scenery: tbe pleasure grounds are disoswed with much ta'te, wrindinig grmvelec waik, rbronch a beatl. tifut lawn adorned aitb mrar ilowering obrube, a fishpond In tho centre and productive gardena ,eyonad :, the wh.le o'urtaiuing nearly lireace Removed froma thle reAlder,ce aol lately erected are two rets of b`,th,s', two pluniging bathe,. excellent etabliaIe. ard coach-bueneo, with rooms over. Foil pwtilcelara bad, 21 da3s P,rior to the sale, of Air, Forsyth, soUicitor, IO, Lombard street, city; oh the '-Tart ; andt of femors. XNortan. Moggart. ard Trist. No. 62, Old Rrsasl.;treet, Royal Ex. change. of wvhom cards tOvi-eWcnnonlybeobtained- N.ti.-Aportton of the purchase mosey may remaain on Mortgaee. and the purehaser can be acoommodated 'rith the elegant sod Appropriate furniture be o,dtrn FTur.*tt'ire. S'.'cnof a Tatior. as of a Fiousber and Painter, grrim; Van. Moros, flrr.ess, ForcePFacp, Drifling MachireFMxturr Office Fittings, and 5Vllects. R. RtOBE~RT REID will ?FELL, at his Rooms, MGreat Mfarlhorongi-stsreet, on Monday. August 24, at LI for 12, m odern FYRN-ITU RE; cempgris,ing walnut, mnahogany, and rosewood Ito, card, andocccridorai tables, sidebo~rds, b7o;&cise. couchets, and glases.mahesprtourpos jaanued. Frensb, and other irndstet~ds and beddici, cse,vs of oawers, wvash-etansde with dlittnes. dressing tabl-s andi glses, bed chamber appendages. titbi-hrneqnisites, andL effect'. May be vies-ed o tlatuordsy, and estal,,gres had. MR. 0 PUGHwil SELL by AUCTION, at the Alr,T-n-orrow, AuIgust 21. at 12, in three lots, by ocder of the Executors of Mir. tiabmau, deceased. an attractive LEASBtIOLD) ESTATE: compriOulu corner ehop at the 'usction of Harper-street and llnio.riersd; two houses. wm,e ft aA F20, tarper-stecc two 'rouiees, N a. 16 and 16, Ayilife-street : and aix house,, Ice.to 6 Providence-plce; nirlo two hosses, Nee. I and 2. C-ircuiar-road ; aind thre housesa, in Ger're-etreet. Held for long termns, at moderate ground rentr, and prou,zrr abont £20 per annum. Mlay be viewed by permissiionfe the tewnsrti. and Dartirelare bad Af Meisrs. Wootton and S~on solilcicos, It, Tokenhoutre-yard : and at the office of the aug. tfoNyeer. 6. Blacl'.im-street. Southwark, S . f.i;jZriant _Le%ach-Id_ lsestesu comprising Fur conuado io apd 57 prives- lierinenres, Great Dover-streeet. New Bueckeohbar ntreet n et,~ rh--qac alto a. Plot of Btuilding Ground. IL . C PUGH is instructed to SELL by publio 32VAL'CTION, at '.he Mart, pear the B3ank of En;Lsnd, To-morrow, Augst 21, at 12 a vAluable PROPERTY, situate nesr the jucin1 the Dcryer-road.sci New Kent-road. antd cmasistixc of four hczwouse adt shpsNoe. 1 to 4. Po"-r-road. nearthe Boll Inn - 27Dprivate residences, shoe. to 12, New tiockr~nham-iitreet. apd Nos. i to 11 and Nor. 16 to Ill. Buliue baenhn-q.,are the whole produc:ing a renal of about £213 a y'ear. Alas, a vabuabie plot of buiilding ground. The property is exceedingly well-buollt has maost convenient secees both to theo Dover anid Mew Kent roads, is held for a very longt term at low ground rents, and will besold in serCoeniotiota. 7rfa he viewed, and paritouarshad of 'Meesre. Palmer, Palmer, and Bull. solicitors 21. Bedford-row ; at the Brickl%yers' tAnne and Klnes &rms Inns, im the neighbourhood: at the Auction Mart ; and of Sfr. 0. Pugh, anctioveer aind, surveyor, 6, Rlaclrsan-6trret. Southwark, S.E. 4reenwich, Ret.-EligibleFreodIesen.M nt o, 33s1venfl,ourne.hill, Lewish=str.-rad. MESSRS. SHALLESS and SMITH will SELL .V.by AIJt-TIt)N, at the Mart, oppso*ite the Bank oft England, on Monlday, August 14. at 12, Io two lois. TWO substantIal brinok-bout COTTAGE RESIDENCIES, With rasldene and prenatses, known as Arllngteoi Cottages RavesroousrnohjlIt. Lowsa,nb.-oAo, Greenwish. 'lIre premies are in 1;o-i repair, Aod the Position; of tlre property wil always command resreccable tenan'rts; in the occupation 01 Messrs. Mervey asd Booiby, at the annual rents ameounipg to Il33 per annuma. May be viewedI by leave of the tetnsute. and pairticuisan, with condItions of saie, had at the Auction Mart, city; and 01 UMesr ShaRews and SmAthk, auctionieers and tavern appafalsems 9, London-street. Oreeswisb. iUtcas ; s sl roet,fer Investment,o o- rptir-yr supexior Reet 'ocaes, Cn-unter,hill. Now Croem, Deptford. ~ESSRS SRA.4LLESS and SMITH will SELL by AAUCTION, at the Mart, opposite the 11ank Of England., on Msondsy, AnustLt 24. at 12 for 1, in two lots, thle valuable and welljbinises long leasehold, oubetanttal, brIck-buIlt. superior FAMILY RIES1DKN ES, PlesevrrY situate. and being N-is.3 Sand 4I, Malcolm-. terrace Nsew-rrcss, Deptfordt on the main camriage roAd, near the Rloyal Naval School, and within a feow minutes walk of the Ntorth Rent Railway St,tior.s; at the estimated annusl value of £60 each, held for a ter m of nearly 91 yeaes, at a small grotund rent, May be 'viewed any timne of the day, and particulare with conditions of sale had of Mtessr. Parker and irons, solieitors. Lewisharn, Kent ; at the Mast, city ; and of Messrs. lihaJlces and Smith, auctioneers and tavern etplraisers. 9, London-street, GreetwiPch. for lnecnn tocrlon M~ESSRS. SH LESadSITEH have received LJ in'tyreitona from th cuosoftelte John Mforgan, Req., to SELL by A.UCTION,a the Matopsiete,nk-of England, on Al,10-day, August 24 at1.ahnsm,tb tatally.hsdil, and wellfinished modern semI-detce ILAIEIEXCE, writh large enclosed garden. gre-mthouean thilg. The residence Is plazed a abort distance tram temicriaeoa.and stAnode upon a fi-ne dlry soil R ad in an elevae poiin n skown as 'Kingsley VhsB, Wlclrham'road, Ctonter-il t ats tpfr,hbeugcaashort ditance froin the New-cross Stato of the North Ket Ratlway. The premises are now in the necors.atiou of the family of the late John lsorg so Esq., and are of the estimated annual value of £07 1fa. ; held on lesas for a long term of arsa at a low ground rent, Ma6y be viewed savem days Prior to the d-y of sale, when particular, with conditions, may be had 01 'Messr. A, and W. rieatow, Bolicitore, Londoni-street. Green. wich : and of Messr&. Shaltes and Smithi, anetioneers, and tavernx appraisers. 9. London-street. Greenwich. Varinsole rchl tae.aCodoe,Sew, and liredwevio cetembber-hr.-1fy 1. ansI W. FISRER, at the Uniornn ,Stow-on tbe-tVsld, To-mar.rrsw, August 21 Instead of Wednesday, the 19th, se b,fore adlverllatdl, in the following lot:-.Lot 1, A auable Freeholcl Farm, at Condicote, in the evc'rrsatien of Zislr. WIlliam M&arca coutainng242 acres, togethber wiltb avery consesen%t farm-house and homestead with all requisite farm-bulldinee,aand f-Our cottaces and gardens in the village, as wail as a barn, cattle shed, ttable, sand Yard in the field ; ibis Property is not f%r distant from the Moreton and Stew Railway Stations, and there are some tbriviog and ornamental plantations dispersed uponu it. Lo)t 2. A Tarm. in thnoccepatlon ot My., Ells, botcher, adjobinng the town of Stow, curmprisIng 98 acues of very productiVe land, abotln12l serus of which a-e pasture, and the remainder arabie, together with the reqrdste cattle sheds. aud encloeed Yard; this estate, from its proximity to theolown of Stow and the Railway Station, is pectularly omitrahir, and offers sr- excelleat opportunity for investment. Loat 3. A valuablo Berma, at Droadwell, with capital farm-house and home. stead, In the co=ipatlon of Messrs. Rose, contatraing 66a. 2r. lip. 01t p odutive laml. 1, Icr. lIp, beitag pasture,and the remainder aratlel Bro.awellIs near to the Addleatrep St3tion, which makes this property very desirable, sitter for Investment or occupatlom. These properties may be viewed by leave of the respective tenantx ,anad fsrr. thor particulars knaown of Messrs. ilorrell and Biddle, roticitore. St' GIles's Oxford;, or of the auctioneers, 5, aigh-street, and Littlegace, Oxt,ra, Berksblres -06pital Mansion, with Pleasure Grenudls, Gasde" Orchard. and Fishery, near the Thames, and a very short distsm;; from tte Railway Etotlon so Abingdou, I1 and W. FISHER are instructed by the -Proprietor, Ji,e with the concuzrence of the Mortgagee, toSfELLby RUCOTION, at the New Inn, Abingdon, on ThoLrsday, Aneg. 27, at 3, the above valuable PRriPiRTY, conitaIning upwards of 17 acrec known as the Caldecot Estate, t',o whole being freehold anid exempt from tithes. The manion, in whlich considerable addllienshave lately been making. hut not pet complete, contans epacious reception rooms, pvidntpal bed cirawbors and dressing coomsg, and servarate sleeping apartmensec anid oltocsa; detzwhed sre stables for seven horses, coach-houses, cattle sheds, portltry-houav, and gardener's cottage. Then whole sursoundedby gardems andL plearureo eroande, stuxdded willh ornamental timber and Interspersed with streams, for'ming an Island near the centre and hounded on the -on side by thie river lick. Partaicuars. with plune, masy be obtained of Al. L.awlineron, Rsq, solicitor hpigoto or mire auctioneers, S. R ieb -etreet, x o d , xNoron Burilding Lard a-rd Beer Shop, Whitlsy, near Readinig. MR, RCHARDMOSS bes, to ntf hL h psiRo teBOLl) PROPERTY, at WhItle7, f te at tehe Robi lod eer-hop wih hIldlng land 4M', ~Na. elued n Lts? 8,9, 0. nd 1, t se rcet auction. havintg teen withs-,wn,It inowforDlS'flS.r5by rivte Conitract, in oae lot. the ric beng 1,00. Te stsaatln bingvery elevated. and commandng etenice iews an thefineheathy air of thes neighrbour. hoo, rnde ths rroprtyadmraby -aitl~trlfor the erection of vila resdenes,whih ae I grat equat-12,Kig Wilhlam.street, Lou-. The Basirgpcote Brewery.-Very important Sale of 2he Basingtoke Brewery, wvIll 95 Ilens and Puiblc-houces attached, also a, Freehold Farm of 21 acres, the whole in one lot, Rt. RI CHARD MOSS has been favoured with in.11 trutiotts fromi the Devisees in Trurat, acting Tunder the Will of the late Charles Itoy, Es~q., to SELL by public &UCrI-OT, at tire Auctiso Marr, in Lonidon, on Monday, 19th Oictober neit at 12, In one lot, all that sery valuaible and Imporrant PROPERtTY, comprising the BIobinestose tBrewery, in the countY of Hents, with the Inns and Pubic-house3 attached thereto. It is an old fan'slly property, having been in otssesiOn Of the Present owners and their ancestora for upwards of a, centory, anad is niowoffered for sale solely to consequence of the desireorthe )trustees towind up their trut, The bmcmIn s hone of high standing In the ounnty. and has been conducted with eminent euccees; illis n'rw in a meet thriving and prosperons condition. The trade to gradually en the Increase, and amounited durinDg the lash I2 months to upwards of 17,00O barrels (one-third of which war strang alel, with ample ccope for increasing it to any reawlabn'lo extent. Thlere Is also a fins oGpening for the addition of the spirit trade, which it is estimated would amount to between 7,000 and 8,0Or gallons par annum,L Basslngastote is sitrame InI a beautifult part of the country, within5 toiler or Libo,utan hour ad a half of Londoo by the South.Wcetegro Rasilway, The property comQprises the breWery, witth malt- heoasr and exemnsive anid conmodtous ?remisez, embraching every rcqtsralrm for carrying on the trade, aituae closes to tire railway, inth ie town of Borigsgtoho, Also two C3P!ta Residencewsui, tblo Inc theocup,ati. n of the peinetyals. The whole of the buildinagsare of the most guharantial charactver and in excellent reapir. The breer l Itted upwta 28&qua rter 4slspnt, counstructed uponthea moot 'nsZedss-saPi p rinciple, am blaning ail lisarecent improvemaeot, worked by a steam eagine, and including store vats, to contain about 3,800 barrels. Thera are 14 fr-e. hold, cop7buld. and leasehiold. Inns and public-hoazes, attached to the concern, tocother with ntumerous cottages, lanid,anLd other peo5r5rty. by fay the larger portion Of which is of freehold tainure ; and also about Ill ree public-houses, supPlied fromathe brewery. A osnniderable nuns. ber of the horreesare situate 1in the town and neighhourhood.s and the remainder in the towiass and village within 29 or 12 miles of thebrewery. also in the Important towns of Odila F,arnhaam, Altem, Alderabalt, :Hartley-cow, ffarl.omugb. Evereley, ilsckwater, and. Winchester. The ouss fr te mst ort re rs anelen reair, large sutmsbiavisux Leonannallyexpnde in aloaluig tem.In the meet efficient etato. Thy ave toetoo reepetablo and repnie uay,aod sale, a Freehold F.rm, of about 12 acres Of igh be pro dducive pature and srable land, with farm-house and buildings. The purchas-er will have the optionl of taktng a lease of a farm, Of 170 ac0 resimediatey adjoining, and the transfer of the tenasncy of about 112 acres, ma,king Inttro whole Mi5 acres. TO gentleman Of caPitol thic Property offer VUnsual odvantages for Investment, the cha:actey of thle businea coe dosing to a. certainty the average returnt of a lair amount ot profit for the caOital invested, herd secuin to the proprietor considerable local infitsiae, which inrariabty attaces to ak property of this description, The trwztee are Prepared to leave one-third of the purchase money upDO n mortgae Of the property if required. Descrijptive Particulars Are sa preparation, andI may be had in 1dew days of hTseaors. Lamb, Brooks, lien, an&Catalis, at Uasingotoir and Odiram ; attire Auction Mart ; ad of Mr.- Richard blos, 12, RIg Wllliam- Street, City, B.C., of both Of whom orders to view the property may heobtairred The MarirmoughBrewery. WitIs, withiSInns and Ptxblic.houiseAxav. tag ladadCtae tahd(in Ital). iML/ . RICHAR MSSha benfavoured wvith in- ±..slruetions, IrmteEeuor ftelt John Brown E3q.. ti SELt by AUCTION StteCstead zi o, at Mfarlhorough. on Wednesday. 'ctobe 2at1i22lt, the MA.RLBOROUGaE freehEold and l faap yreienNhn clrcs belonging~ also 15 free, ho e Sur. tnyhl iosadPhi-o.,including the lEoee and Cron, he on,tirh re rgn h hp the Cross Reps the ,of York, all In c rilr h h WieHr,at lgnn ieBed ingMore,at acsuy.ti oRoyal Oak atFwsythCrn,tAd houre. ireBell adlidlaton, the Bell soa holet o nt.a drendn,els Cre Hys, ootten Bwwstt, h akMre r hp penam,thePeah Tee,lot Caine, and the Tie,a umrod ~'hewhol oftlsepro estc or In a, fair state Of repar a c ah ovonatie etarespctabe and respnsible tenantryat nomia rents,. The reevr-ypremsescombine every requisite foronducting a consideabletrae, fr whchthe nclghbonsasod affords u aplscn Wilshie ld le s isahIhly aPpretcItd In the L0nf3on arsket IIhII crrcenttrae o hob~ wescrisao 1PU 900 Qunsters of malt per tann ins o poticoof wIShi rewaiod ; there L's ana excsellet opportm14" iesagthis brac or thie leninless, and aigo focrlie additiont e the ,;r s.e an ,,,.,,srae. The pmm~rty irm been in the hands of the pDeefasilyfo nesiga esooyp ad wthnew and active man. egemng oul moo raove it cri7inl psitOnf the first brewery in AUCT11N toTR ilSELb A SJC igL b biut in *Tichonm VL.a,t- heItsta,a u0 a ATESa eot .troet Coaiegast e t .'et thnast Ha's £10 e, annkm tOr Piew tffi tte L o ecle e tthe art for bt W usinssat C,6,de lan ttree, Chcap1de o Maerr Shostp, t4, 3t ca3ole6-artot and Ci -t mdnlIste t vcet Wn.ml-ystr,ces, Grand AttOTibWo Ha:1 %they ien Fli'day.2tho of Aodur"et at 12 Esq..loge,her w ltb, thedfolloing-11e,1sk,thle dy 'Dtr.e Nain Mrchbocrr,Petre amium Gra WroS-rt Dan ferns.t ing tpbe nl fauet o iet 4. Apot thre lidd tottrket, te 1ck ofJhe -bca ulte.v go. hf Tnborn ns'uec stzet le D1as for b 10stere a the weau-nd fLo. Lot S . A, ehl 1js Frac ho , hous , e hp c letn eac to Mr. Chaitrreel f'rueo ter£.2001 tar annum. Lot 6.A AFreehold Houwe antd Shotu. to. 5,TCAtth.nrlu c-ste,lt Ot terrdise1 toSi Gre idMAeb.ltO as to MrGml. BFaetlimcaat beInIOtper Esq.u. tOgehe ithte 'trau iiug t-esooase, the hlswta tenat sthi tow LIX Kan t AN4wbet isefr a5 enu r. Lot 4. A tr. d S.aea, dtnrhe hitc atnh num LofirtS 7. tthotd tin cas by tbhp," ie"hh, Gryet Witwsdatli eOTrset. l tOt fee toewut Mat. Convrenl iern . t £i- 0 b er annum.r Lot it, Ah Mareeol iottf anSotu,the Cand Ro~ d.r,, n to 'tiorg Cd4e, SotNpon. , street, Wld etit-ary;et, Wletian leaseto Mrq. 17.s hsra at £110 per. eteept tn 4 hc sfr0 sae o ,2 end St are determ,i5naPsileal at --the end offet lo Sm4l Celars by the,Inuere.tMay es viewe, b '~ XSRS B:OZt1LEY and SON will SELL by lY~ l' A'tTON n Friday,. Augttst;28. at, 1Ifor 2o'clock,lin the senle,lb.-a.Cot.na-steecioty. unbder cireu-,eauces that wvill admi of~,oracera n-,lottre for the trado as wielleas for the eonveniene o prsat buycr, The winues Comprise 14otzn-n ot very enrsmo ol erel.d ert 60dozn tne,icPate Sheert:, 211 dozen EAst Indi andAsniritlrdoSeereIdern Joenlerieg 8 dozen Sterinberg i. aine, 2dozn Shaszbegeviluca cl2dozen tichartzoerger. A be ass-aatth tie f Ple Ctalgtea atatth. e 'sct Mart, at the place Of kale, and of h utoer.1.C mreetal-radl Birt. satnabt PnofBuildi.g Land, Barslr-rud Sttion ]M ESSRS I3RO LEY and SOZIN ill SELL by kVAXCTIO onllundaQ. 5og/s 1'a, tl, at the Auctiou Mart, BarthOlomew.lane f b direction of the NdOreesaee. under a power of ealet. In oue lot, a, FREEHIOLD ESTATE, comt.,rtne a enhatantiMt and uewly-butit hou- aed PreMtices. etlmasndingly Pitulate opposite to the Barking-road bmietott on the .sorth Woolwisrs Lir, and known as the CackAAeandeeeart,vsinra tet t^ A lel,Pectuibe trena -tat £60 per annum. Also a saloable tOot of Freehold Laud, situate ~t the rear and on the high road to Backing, with ffontage cfr48 fb, thb a eepthtof Si fest. May be vicwed by leavce of the tenent. Particl-nin hsd of Mr. Herderson lsolieitor, 62 Lesdeuhatllatreet : Mr Pritchbard. flock House Tajern Eait India-road; George To.nevr- c-isncetrcilroad Coall; dle feal; and of the auctionceLrs It', Cotnn-e -i v.ro,-,d cast, Lloyd1 Marble Wharf, Thamebak Pidtu -12,%010 feet of arble ESSR. EVRSPELD and HORNE areial Aud udnsto ELON. on AUThe MttPrStre-ar,aGcs bank,tPlmtrett o Westixser ncasday, August t22. at 12orI byfedr of c thre ConciaeEdesir. tablent 1kGo00ees tof shivezI, ortd5ti, SnatAbr ofd sbairs,lotadthicrss esoandrdfandsIonwo rkstiandy vein andbe Sicilian.Ma Wybe viewed thre days Previous, and catatogues had Mtt thte premiacao Anofteacines4, Par liaiment-street,.eouander o Coaltxb"e by heCruomtetnee o M iTabege' to stetan PubicDuldne t SLLbyaUiOn , th SLlTor-ad GrI eat bythaec AUCTmION,at ter Aa, on Tuesday, Angu. 2. tlfr 125, at tanea utnntiy o SORE; cmpisig mhoand; wence atnddea presee,desa, abls, ookacc eas selvs, leaeOtlath.cooafibrend Ttoer mattng hapIr-th,JJsth-cottine, teseo nvematme. os vnt chiM ea,brac, cop. r and W rowASON and vSrONS oth'er fecs May be UCTewe one at tceviosandCtalongudeshas!atth Ougust o2 aokt 12,a n hateahasubsptsetiat CTeSTorE-yr R andEof Wthe autoerds Inl faroanet atdrea,pet.sandtCoa Ecang one.inl iae%tl e ladsoot Deeann,-gb church,l Estae4No withi Car nle o the Neton-m ellf a bbot Styamation. gonm thenSut Deondltt Itlee vraWo .I36 bhhato thoe StALedb valueO of thi5 perannEumTl, Vannounied or Tuerdiyr the 8the-l,ad Au uct,icll NOTbtaine Patt theyHrs having diengoed 1 the MestrsBote, Pooprivate eontect.-, 9Iowksqumr.etrLint wiaareet,London-braide.Isemn nteSt,pooIgada 81 Dlevorth and Cmmrsamninbfotrac32v Lesars, Ivetezs WjESSRS.G.W N.E TAON td andLSNS Nffll SELL MYJ by AUCTION., at the Mart. on Toeudaysp, Auzrust 2s. at l12 VnILLA HESIDlENCES,N.43 knonasbur-resa-ouB, and WyJSndhamP ilodeS,tsrng-gron se, I ode -al;letotlu on veyleat e to tentantlsuofuth higelt frneaprlyii4yyeats ath low Peont of £17 pe annr-um, ndgel far O2X 65eratsat£ erm aInYu Miway be'dastee yprirtntlssson obth lenante.Paricuar ba e a at the Mar ;ad ft;~ sfifcoeatr.Hrkeit aKnd Sonvilla-telteLrd.Oon-brlage Iada aae ewo n stu BkTo, Esomal Opct Chlsea.-Frei~ehold neasehold neIsnent. an MESSRS. G.I W. W. MASON and SONS WMn SELL with bynea AtCtIe orte, at tbe Mart, onW ,ednesday, August 2 2,at 12, ainea four aobs,thatiableCTG FREEHOLDEPROPwiTh kowner in ront and rear,p pbesatly anB ovninituate atwiug -x lothin aope pardbofchonietnd Thurch, Dellsegoous8, Sow cer-staclrets. Celsroand heotLd T0 e abou8yses atd aarown ret.hen loet ati the Kglow Aremal ofe w0, ut of the exestimeated valuec b48eer annum. sprttades Wilbeviewe paricudarspro btoathedonthead paelestiul of taoeds at theb b,ome. Uen- igLond, Cfof dessein I3oleet-Fools, and Mwrsen. SithI\w.endr 8in- 6 carind's-Inn; obr at the Mart; ndofth anuotthoer, au8neM6, King Wli Wlareet, Lond Lon-rdge.iide ISUSeworAib ndl Hr stnmereith.AttreingeS Lceasehl b ueweeatmeyang fldE, bysqC.O. at the Ol aipH te, rghon Wonesetrtay, Auruat 28,a 2 o'clock, 3in threlo, atherooaluabsleyEAE ofhte dret-elTre deTAcTed ViLLAt b1etweenCS knowhan and Greshnt-gsonWestan Wyns=dh lbodgt apmile-roa,bIlfewrora,thndlattery stownt aontai ubtntlgalsbout-3 hend czottge lno.3 Tiaherielilas,hl shl undewroa d.amle ometh, all hedford.a narl s4 years. atlwgond rPence.bland payene f inderega renta ofh£1e8 is annumxcMayebe getleawseut ixdays n l pariortoth comal yndcexensoivofte tn enants,v witheard only, fand pue,art uieselrosobatc-j the, Whxite Harthe Ha5mrssth of Buteesre, in Smith and.I SMon 8,s Barnrd's-Ibenn matdte, andthe land of ihs redetoemed.re1 prongt rotking opsohe land propiseto,and,eo annchi Le&asehold Inne r,and 1ete rilwa-b.W.W.hrhmai M SO tesndin S wi ll Sw huhteL Yi.tbyrC AUCetIOn, by for rBder of P thecugrs of Plankrst Mandb wit,h1 causcto theo Ito te dag feaes.at the e.on. YWednceedaame Auguto, Ee8, ath12ei Sote lots,th vain,oane oFIteEiL Tr OPERTY knowo wAples aste Geare In aondt the wsaell-accutomeOd Leshold Rotel algtnd CrownaaRphoblCicheser otfuWsituate at Barking, l4ssex also rthenHope poblidhoucetan Brihree,Mnu Dwig-onrilel, Orthtr-stret. Chelsea. and the Kting'sv 4tArmspbioelaro, Lwite ats eadae n rtaa,a EUSooTheY oseTuand Crwn the Hope. and Thrdy,the King'sofm arep wiloVteext6uensiveFlckd poftal beer otanD t wirttraeswilb inrAuewinte purchse Ray bed vieae siLaybs. pHorstwte i, and Arclue wparfienlarobtia-3 poperthepemss of Mlal ueroEsq. Theseahbq,ox hodve rord, ClI ffrdks-n ofleetGrastreet Deof Me ousssrs. S.SihsedbSo,8 Slarnard'innx,Ioaend EmteryMhyarteanof theetaucio-nc'ders,81 exce Wletluam-stret woLTend fock hto se. sl nTelY emeI n the horseBand ag sa t sra imple ehtso n h rdy e.et ~ 7 CLIatyalgemuC TIN badyt the offiecesIntet of the lactioeerug Peeaand folwd,eleet.,at theo Dldpbip Hote l,Bighteen,tnatrda,Ags.2 Caital2 feemnh maftremoo pervcietyf the baItSefieldPlted ESArte., etat fewlts fBtoeo Sh UQoreha ans, Shteynglau. o est v tupsbex Riiand aboutba mieandtahal farmcther Latt ker town . gonseit vretyaboutIn. acresoffrehol annduel 88 sores ofleas, hl,aut,usso at and t ok end.Th leaosehl is3 helod unerMedaxth Collhege, fo-rd, a asalPet, and f r 1enetuablyto on apayen o moderat FUIne, Thereeleandextellento gevaet-knan.slresidenc,bonte etat clnineanr a ewruivged and beauinhfufonters, wit fcav rm-house,anofnumeru ,At VOW, es and farm e codtags.Te usate wzme ith mI byetin J ine4otmaera sutheset of u hWe, piebarish,of Bttfnr-ptph, i whichano pood Fraenhbed. istIn hand anddinabg,h elatdoes1 d'ltratern, Vlh'iavnd beenBing ta lesca rlation,ofthe laepr7eofPritetor and,tines hiot nae,o the veybstds restiou.c srendrs, Thenisonndehtrewel dihasverthe.Otioao takin, thea cole, and dand stocs at Manotion, or it will heg &. sold onute rmies. Thfepro. jc beaieed ra iway betwendShorhni nd orSteena wit~i sc trugThv th esat, Wand he roaeset, forsaimetda-eillhwwtTeetnGiounfd purchase.f- Yeitherusinesetment, stoetacetialenbuil ParIcRuldarsandelegantmay h heel,r1tedaysdpriortothed day overyea thero residner aofoJames eleantand, Fret.,lth Salts Frnim,ebrllanngto oobitheyn oruter laes irwomrapplications ma ybeugmade t t'ld teffestae,a h l hpHtl rgtn atteIlphn ChcW. e;o W..LU .7.G Tenfold, Bg. otietor witeMr.n of caGE, Taronanilarke, b 29. TIc_onusbty.e Pre; adga 13. ar-a wackr'sondo n;of MSt. S a tire4 Clareb, Paddndgfto Winie TIsoDlYciTors dayShiA-etre0t,aBdteotowlangday,att 12'ofick aof day,Thoma tuebby egthe~ wutoneer angwnt, A yrund I ndrLewenine.o i,bilan lt rSr lsses,-tIGO, azrm, La-cat,bear tablerh2geter.- By otbr ToMabS mosBUIkBY, ond Togelstcy,rte 1ts,r fine cday, thel 17mpth ofa eptn., fOrtG v BZ(Bd 11am slod cutm LA0ambs, HFrenh and Aroether clol anunolemerron, ithempoeryo Tharlesin ruoe. Ec0athre shaniiea pareiweh wrtshygthe attentonaof with pAtere bm theytbare been red chieflyI farom thflcksof hisan Getycausthe lekeofichopednd, tibl atre ebb arilesn, dibnnerand emery.thseyvares ofbstnt lte, Tnd veer cel-m coDthe bs mDand agr ,iculturlomplemets z IonThrdy Sepstembs cert o. Catloges ay e hd a th ofiCe ofthearcll-ours, Lwiner,and CaPlatmdccFnrntsm Brris ofthebee ShffeldPathed e Auticics, a fe los ofSiler,Planfcrea. hlmey-lutbse,vnae EaSe 06 ant'bd Gentby antn. ancster Lag, o.,anda geatVreyo tesesting ad uceful mcrellanle2 Vre0bold Eatales at Clesver near WVindsor, anti Rlorsth, B110u,, hASS S. CLEAVs. uad UNDERHAY (il OOln' dJ- junction vitb Messrs. BERON and 8SIsI b1eg to announce thiPROPEtTY by AVOTIONJ, at tbe OastleiHotel. WiDdsor. on Satarday, Aiugust 22, at 12 (bR order of the Mortgagees8, will take place ini the following order :--Let 1, A Plot of Freehold Building Land, atBray-wick, near A{ldenbead. Lost. Seven Free' bold brick-bilit' Cu)taget, called St. Geee's-place, Dadworih ren let at £83 IO pey anunum, Property at OlewergrWen.-Lot 3. A desirable Freehold detashed Villa Residence, wish pleasure and kitchen. gardens, ad orchead, ith Doeesslon. L1 6. A Freehold Builder's Yard, with woorkshopr, sheda stabler, and 'oflien with pse&sioa. Lot S gt John's tRomeo a Pair of Preehbld 'teri-dataeed, red byrik tira'athban VIl ith garden, let at ;40 per annumL Late. No. 10, Vlctia-tesr--ce, a Freehold nineromxned ssIm.detsohed House, with galden at Cleivee-gecen, let at £e23 Per annm. lot 7. NBe. 0. 7, 8, and 9, Vlctoria-rerrace, fousr Breehold five-roonied Houses, with ardens, yearly vesIte £45. part let. Lot 8. Nas. 2, 3. 4, aud 8, Victoievlterrace. four 4reehold four.roomed Hooreg, with gardens, yearly valio £40, part let. Lot 9. No. 1, Vliterrlaterace, a Preeeold Baker's Shop,'boupe, and 6table, grden, &a., let a-t £25 per annum. Lot 1t. Noa. 4, 8, and 8, AlbertI-e, Clewer-green, three Freehold six-roomned Homes, witb garden let at £31 8a. ver annum. Lot 11. Albert Cottazes, th V reehold feUr. 2oomed CottaRes, with gardens, let 2t £18 4s, per omttu. Lot 12. N,o3. 1, 2. and 3, Welliogiton-place, Spital, three nix-roomed Eboses, with grr,dens, beld for 74s yeas, at a low aeaund rent, lst alt £O s, per snuum. Lt 13. Noe. 4 and 5, Welilsgton-plaace two six-rooted Housei, with gardens, held for 74& sears, at aIlo gr%vetye5nt, hand. Let 14. Nos. 6 and 7, Weltuegton.place two Fix-roomed Houses. held for 741 years, at a low ground rent, in hand. Lot) 5. Nos. 8. 9, and 10. wellington.Dlaca, three six-roomed HouEes, leld for 74h year3, at a low gruond rent, let at £20 per annum. The Property at Slauch, Bucks.-Lot 16. G-nvtl Villaz, a TsAr of T%cehold red brick Elizabethan reml-detacfed Villa, with stone dressirge, let at £67 per mutu. Lot 17. No. 1, UI-ten-park-terrace, a Freehold semi-deteched nine-roomel Uue. with garden. In hasd. lot 1S. Nos. 2 and 3. Uprton.srk-terrace, Two Freebbld nfne-voamed Beoniez, with rgsrdens, yearlyS value £00; oneletat£258per4nuira. lot 19. Nos. 4and&. tUpton P.trkr-berra4e. two Freehold nite-roomed Houes, wth gardens, in hand. LoBt 20. No. RVtloc Park-tseroe, a reehcld nine-roomed Heouse. with garden, let at ;M yer annum. Thepeoppl., may he viewved butfoce the sae,>> stud passiecuars and plan may be had of Ihe respectIve sollcitors-Mpssrs, Wllkla.on and lItevtm, 2 ,cthotsla 1c, lonoon 'WY. (tardince, Eca,, xtridure and 0. P, saret Es., Eeen of Ifesra ill1eave and Underhay., Wintdsor. asto9, Upper Baker-sreet, Begct'*>lt5 pS Rltosa, hSB*3nt Vzbridga; ap Xl te PlveS Of le~ fCetweil-etreet.-15'enoctiveesitaeweli Estate, £106 12g per mmuadi-- Absolute a fOevc ae m.PEMtE BlROAD) will SELL by AUCTION at hb dto, tIS &Y,Au,gutt 20, at 1x, & LEASEEIfd~ EI'TATh; rOmprJulng 14oiee hoinee 60o& NI to 15. rarsaon.cmrsr, Boil-alles'. e"well-s-re.-t, OPPesile the Church ot St. Thosmaa Ch-a-er. 8,11,wnting to al1CO IeP, per aluvrm. bilay be viewed. ParctIculars of IMir SpIller, FolIiotor, SentLtsplace, Pinabmry I at ths, Mart ; orO Sht cavttooar, PS. Poultm'' No. 10, Berinoor esr-t-B .t'¶kTRSO~AD) tth a A slbtaBlltu Coosrcu rearw comprising a wihlarge irarenouse Oa tbs wrU3 fGr ith I oliggtsfrcr ntrance, aind two tiera of soare roomst over ditt e oago eat at £20 Der annum;, held rent. May, be seen by emsino r heat Prlgticua of Mr. C. ish heard, roilo,2,loraertet tteMart; or at 35. Poultry. 7t'a', r.rodleelg £00 Der 2unur.-Alilto Sale by directtion of It BZ EB OAD will SELL by A-UCTION &ttheNlurtTHISA,AT3U3t 20. at 12. 1V3tFHREMOL3 HOISD' SmI 1,1.Co-Pco'~uzt Wbttecrou-brot,ee In thorough repair, with tenanltzs waiting to occupy, atrentals aamosttlng to f per onrntm. Al.o Th,ree Freetold Howe;, Mioe 42, 20, and 11, Sae-etreet, Tietbunl-green-rvad ; let to old tewants jrn tinging £e30 per annaom MaVy bvlewtel. Fartiiulars,.f ?,etsers. Lofty. Potter. ann Son, soilicitors, i',Kng.street. Cbeap~ldo at the NI-te; or 28. Poultry. a et d IU.ehooo,-. -Y4FllFeh lda~d LOapehold ~FkItS,, j4 R. PETER BRA ilSLL by AUCTION, Al it e ar. TlSDYAgs at 12. In one lot, a cora. acet YtR1tlHs?O adLD AEt.',1 oA=E onoisting of 12 trIck-bilat teueen.n, bigo, to2,Carles-place. East IndIa. road. 1.twehwou. od adaett roiplotrauce of the B-eat India Becky, producincalot olIC e 5m . ay be viewed and partion. hers of Mdr. Mithlsn, huegetSraeretEstIndia-road; ot l,leesm a. lknlattr nd Ieknd ieLaecIty;atthemArt ;and of the auctioneer, 20, Puty Valuble reeoAd eses, Est ld iorcai narly opposite Poplar Ch rch rdcn £18 Per annum.-Urmeerved Salo. ~R. PETE BROAD will SELL by AUCTIOX, AL a-t the ar, TaLlS DAY, August 25), at 12 a very eligible FREEHOLD ESTATEt, cnmprlu'ng three moKlerm well-built dweDllghousnes, being Nos, 1, 2, aind 3, Slitl1k place. Eest IndIla-road, Ponlar producing. from old and grod tenants, rentlsizatount1ingso£3lSpe,~ so-numa The property ta cosee to Poplar Churcb, and within ten maInutes' walk ti the railway etatlon. May be inspectedi by permissIon ofithe tonants. IPartloulara and conFitiona of Messrs, Linglater and Backwood. solicitore, Slse-lane, citye; at the Meart; or 28, Poultry'. mits stbefrany fis-ln ealbsur,and rceesecemmer- lIj H PEERBROAD will SELL by AUCTIONZI, LLat the?Auctfon Mart, THIS DA-V. August 201, at 12, wIthou trererve, La two lota, the benieficial INTERE1ST in the LEIASE of No. a, New Coventry-treec. and Sydney's-alley, Lelcester-squnaae; held for 1iot2 ears un lxied, at a loss' rent. Alsona Dwellng-heuse and hop Meg No. 153, ictlr.od held for a, term of about 21 years I cne*lred, at £8 and let to a respectable tenant atas, ent of £30 nDr Iannum. Mlay be viewed, PvartIcular, at the premises the Mart anid 0. Poultry. Greenord il, iddlesex, appoeal. the Church.-Vaiuable ArehldtOt andophlReiec and 20 cres of rand, withx pssIn lIAR.PETERBEOAD w1ill SELL'bY AUCTION .LJat the Mat, TH-IS DAY, Augutst 20, at 12, a valuable dstbaee 1t128&DINOB with stabling, cotach-bouse, conmmodious out-buildings, two cottages, range of extensive ereenhoures pleasue grottnds, Ptodctieve orchlard and kitchen garden, meadow land, &c.. coeatsnin-g In all abouit 20 acres, with extensive frontage to the main roAd. The estate Is enclosed b7 as dwarf wall and iron palisades, anti the housee a Foahed bya exrigedrive, withfodg gates. MaLy be vioweS' atiupsadcorditonsa 01 sale to be had on the premises; at the Auction Mart off Messm Lotty, Potter, and Son, solicitors, KingStreet, QheapsldJe, sod 28 Pouzltry. Oratndeof narl for area,Abrlnt aSnl, wth bosessIon,b t. IETER BR AD diingrSLL b larg TibO-NA,0 tootnma. Domres water-clsets, blliard-oomnll1feetougt sOrvsnte' bali, houseekeeper' room, butler's pantry, offices, wine cellar, coal vaults &c., detached kitchensl, hrewhnuse.wseb-s,ou;o, spacions vlungtug batt stocked with fruiit and ocher trees greenhouse, forcing.hlouse, pottIng and summerbhowes, de., in excellent substantial andi deoorat'ye re- tir, with es7 requiste f or the accommodation of a gentlemran's esta~ahrsent. ?ay be viewed. Particulare and condiftons of Beset. Linklater and Is.okwood, soUietore, She l&ne, city, W. Lee, Visq., 20, Aldermauhury; at the Malt; anid of the auctlonees'. IS, Poualry. ture, adEet Of ror J1R. PETER BRODwl BELL by AUCTION, LIon the PremIBes, To-mnorrow,-August 23,a11l, ftbe OUSEHOLD .FRNITURE, which is of the nusual dezcripthon; also the supexior fixturesl fittinga and steck in trade of a6 grocer, itaurefallote; and, at 2 o'clocki, the valuatle leaseeheld for a long unexpIred termn, at onlyNso per nnum. On view. Peetteolars and cataloguesaon thepremises:of M'eatra. Wright and 3"suneg. 15, London-street, Fenchnurch-aitreet, soIloilors ; or of the auctioneer. 22, Poultry. Plt,Pa edites, and rnes reod for convenience of Sale. ESE.DEBENITAM, STORR, andl SON will T.SELL, at their Roomso. King.atreet, Covent-gard3en. TEIS D&Y, at11 the SILVER and PLATED GOODS, in gretat variety, trinkets, giltandjetwor, a.; reaoboed fromn 43. Ludgate-aiill. ESRS APre ad it~ D BE H dI SOE ,and SON wil LTJ SEl. atther tooie loe sret. ovet ardn,on Friday Two ObestafSivrPae 30oucs Iluing aCsIr,Wtrs itteewater Ite,Cae u, aeBses 0t; DaodBlg and liraoelets, WatcheanClcs MESSRS. DEENM. STOER, and SON will 1 SELL, at their twnr lg.tst o en'arden, on Toes lay, the 25th Intn,a 1 ILVER T ,anCOFFER SItIIVIOPESt spooks, fok, ivrfish.-kivem sua adcke bakets. ewer,, butter dlhs Sc 30ounuces),vaabegl and silver watlches, ttrinkets, adefcs Ten. Freehold Hoesjodcn £12 s,per saunu~asl.tuate in Georges-rv. colwy ls othe Caledonian-road. DE EI SM,STRi, li ON are EtDtoniber 3, at ~ ~ ~ o Thrsay ROUSES, land.lxndee,bigNs ad01 n 1 2ad1 2f and 2?, and2 nd 29 .ere'grv.nathNwCtleMke Caladeualan-road, alwl e,adpdcn la eelo 191' per annumn. Maybs iwdb emSInoftetnns atir Itho auctionteers,Kngsre,Cv t-ad . ProofVPEngravings, 7j,IESR5,. OLS adhN ilSELL by AUCLVTION, on the premises, No. 15. Addingemn-pla e, Camberwell. road, on Thurrdiay.August1 27, at 1I, by order of the l'Ixecutrix, the 13(rJSEH0LDV YBXItTUPS- comprising mar.ogany 4-poltan4 other bedsteads, feather beds, and be&ling. double chestis of drawers, marh;ea pinnoorme marle tt' 0cr tble,eigh reaosan bchrrs and sofa coveed n fgurd daask widowcurtins seaofdinleg tables, valuablepaiallua ad prof ngrving, cina,glas,get of iron-stoce diner ervce usfulkithe fuiane. ndother effects. day be viewd te dy peceingandmomtugof ale Catalogues had on the nremten;ann f Mesrs.Clos andSan,auctongrs, 313. Clement's- Horblig, Linoolns-htre-Important F'reehold Estate, at aorbilag, neat ES~RS. SMITHFolkispham. uJa arMIT ve instructed to submnit to SALE IAby AUCTION, at the Grayhound Hotel, to PolkioghaLm, on Friday. Anguat 22, at 4 O'clock p.n. prrctsely, in eight let%s, anexceedingly valuable ESTA TBf, reehold, tithe free, and lend-tow rodesied. situate at Buerbinog. a-moreod, (a flne agricultural district,) comprvising 3tOs, 2c. 17p. of very superior dry healthy grazinig, canltal meadow and hlghty productIve amable lands, with farmhbouse, build. itta,nanai premises. ywrda, and gairdens,. The whole in very desirble fr Ivestment or Occupation, well drained, encellently supplied with war,judiciously dtvided into convenient closes by neat tbsriving oue oetfnces, o-emaeutaly timbered, a6nd in a. high state of enltlvalion. A great part of the estate Haes near tee the genreel and healthy vaiag of Horhilsig, famed for the purity of its air andl water, and the reander I int In a rich dlalr,ct within the parish, and within tremiles ote vllge ona the Doanulagton read. The parlah rates evever lo. Te woleof he stae i Inthe occupatl on of tr. A. C Talor aneldyealy enat, ho,en Pplication, wii eghow the resectve ots Pollclxes wth lan ma behad It days prior to the sole of essr. Sull.Tahsrdi, an Sha, elicitors, II, Lincoln's. Soerse sis-By Mr. SAMUEL NORTONT, at Rpseve's Hotel, Weston-super-lg1ars. on Tuesday. bib Oepteraler. 1957. at S In teh afternoon, subject to conditions then to be produced(by etrder ctIthe Trustees undter the selil of the late Rev, jehi, Thomas PULaer, of I TJlRYvalubleEStates, with COMmodiouig residences, V laelybelogin tothe Rev. John Thomas Fises'r, deceased, Slnd sItute n th pat-hof Churchill in the co-nty 0 ot -rerset. on the mainturnIke oastleaing fromn bristnl to Exet, r, distant two milce from rinen, lom mies from thle atton tEtia'in, Clevedon June. thou an abutnne iles Irom the mrah-freqeneted'and fehionable warelugplnc rgWrson-super.MAlre, conserising In she Whole8 lIl. I. lp. f rchand prosltetive land, with the oromfortable and Well-arranged ma'ldence, known an Langford House, sItuate on an elevation. surroundoed by its own grounds, studded with otnamnental ltimber. tsbrubb.e-ies, and Planlationa, forming a miniature parkr, ansd commandinig extensive viewst of the moot picturersque scenery. wetab well-steiked vwslled gardlens. newly-erected meclon and oucnmber pits on, the best principle, good s tabl'ng, coach-house sheds, end other oon' venle3t outbuildings, with eardenee'scottagedt4eetace. Alo, asuperIor Farm-house, at for the residence or a gentleman, with a capital walled garden, and bnUitlsll~, So. Particulara and teins may be obtained at thoeTaisitack Hotel, Covent earden. London; - Queen's Hotel, rheltenham,; York louse, Both; White Lion, Bristool; Ste-n fnn, Wells; Clarence lIntel, Bridgewvater: Cse'le Hlotel. Taunton ; London Thutiton. negarWeaftong companyre ofeMr. GergPae Ctre, Mill-str.e3, I.incln-inn-dfiNelds ondon;y ane of Pre Tees omnt anSmth fsoirietor. A tJGUSTUS S.NITH has received instructions SELL b pulmstis Directors at the British Sunar RofOming (omPanto S Lbypb AUCTION. sit Garraway's. Coffee-house, Change-az or. cornhli, on Wednesday. Aurcet. IS. at 12, all their newly-erected PItEMsISN S, situate In MIll-street. Dockhead, Iezimondisy, comprisng a sugar refining warehouse. dwselllur-houce, and offices, held on lease ( or, anunuexpIred term of 42 vests from Chisma-ay6Il, leslIO days, together with all the machinery, plant, anddurenotls therein, capable of refining es to '0 tore of sugar per week, upona the principle of refinling ecoured to the Company under tbe several patents grated to JE. Bessemer, Esq.. together with the right of using the said. patent and Patent machIner free 01 royalty. - In thae event of the above not being sold in one lot, at the same time and place. will be offered.LoUt 2, cotaIsrilugthe eas ofthe efoe-metioed raisnes,,swith the foltowing partlfOlar, wIth InventoOy Of plant, achinedry, and coadittons of eele, apply to ieasr, '. ,.ad H. Hfde, solicitors, 3, Ely-pp3l, EBC.;O. Mr. F.J. Price. secretary to the ootzpany, g0, Great Tower street, EC.: at the Works; or to A iguStu If mitb, anottoneer aodvAner, 33, Rock. lerabery, Ch^reoide, EC.. and M55. Blaclfriar d,1. nearthe ldee, S. I lampehire,-Isnpoz-snt Ereeihold Eotate at WVymerlog. near the Coabam Station on tha Loi.don sd South-Western Railway, and within thr,9 n2iles of Portsmouth, conprising abost 2390 awesot exceitet Lsuand,r prin 'lly withsi a ring fence. with good Roesdetce. Agriultotral Buildings, and two Labourers' Cottages. Alo about 11 Acrea of L. %od, in the parisb ot Vtidley, and 2 Acres of Land In tbeparahoof gunabled,-n. E. RO, B. %1MIT has been favoured with instrtc' .LY tioun from the Trustees of the Rev. Ievelate BRgg Wlther, to SELL by AUCTIC. lO . at the Fountain ilotel, Portimouto, on Thurs day, September 3. 1857, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, in five lots:- Lo 1. A highly vain, eble FItEEHOLD EaTATE sitnate on the sooth sIde of Portsdown-hi,1. In the parisb of Wymering, abatting on the high road leading frost llouthampton to Chichester, lyiDg withiu a ring fence, within five minu V a' walk of the Ocharn StAston. on the Liondon and South-Woatern Rai'way,sndthreo nilesof tIe town ot Portsmouth conslitiDgof averycapit, ml farm bouse, with auitableofira, garded, a pleasurg, rounds. convens 'entlo arranged agricultural buldings, two iibourera' rottagee, and a1 but 24ta. ot vroductive aiable. patture, axsi down lands, which, for cL jnate, fertility, quallty. situstion, aid high culture, can rarely be cnus 'ed, and offrra a mect substanttl Investmnent sa a rcmidenttal se. ste. In a rich andgrsn atly improving district; or as a parti cul lym eligible inveatment to capitalist anid specnltlts, from a p notion of the estate being Deculiarly adapted for the erection of villa residesces, which are In groat demand in the neighboerhnood' coneequent upon ite contlguity tothe tovn of Port-raonth, Ita health,'iul ituatio.e and magnifcent scenery. Lot 2. 3Sa. Or. 34p. of Down yL and. situate on the north side, and being partof. Portsdown-hl. 1, S3. 6e. 3m. 3lp. of Wood Lar, also on the north Edde of PoFrtdos.'albill, with a tbriving plant of oak timbor thereon, abutting o'.k the, estato of Thomas Thistlethvante, Esc. Lot 4. Is. 2r. te,'. of Meadow or Pasture land, In the partsh of VWidlev, also atl tOtig on tha lands of ThonsI Thlestlethsralte. Eas£. Ict 6. 22ai. Ic. 1 'li. DC arable and pastore l; anX In thotsprIh 0 Esosbledon. and near to the pIctasesque vll£aseor0 Waterloo, abutting on the high roast leel VDf from thtenee to Etbla. doll The prtoertymy bortewiedhy eavte s, the aesasie teat, an ainted D8oIualars, withitlanbadh dof .Mas er& l.ab, Brooks, Soesi, and Chalils, roUdtIome,llsaslgsteke and Odilias,i; hIesaf Preo Fi odford, and CheleseleY, ollMctors, Innolok'a-bns, Londoa: 104 pt tIm aaetiasemr, 170, qneu-amein Pcaso, Or Wikk'l Rant Eie~-.Valnate Jeeold Farrong, In tbhe parlshe's of 'hggh Lx-e'r and M0teton, 'betweeni ChiPping Oogear and Bishop's .tortforsd, let txp ,c Itis MOffering safe aud elIgibl InTeetments for trustees sad ~jESSRS. PRUSHWORTH and JARVIS will .LX SELL by AUCTPIO N. at the Mart, Lidtos To-marow. 'tei,,r An,gtsms,In1two lot0a-LOt 1. A very desIrable and compsat lST&ti,, situateclo tthe panlosoehurchol lilghltaver,o prlolngtisemal,r lenm, known as High Lues-hall, and consisting of a superior fann reaidence, with exrensive homesteac, and 268 acres, or tbereabouts of excellent arable, meadow, ansd pasture lard ourroaudirrg, the wves-,s also, other detaced lands, wvith baillfro ootage farinyard and bu',rt, ings, known as Hitter sad Further Itiddoags, comprising altogotts,r about 87'? Acres, which Is let upon)Z ifaMe until oberw II), 1162, at ctoo yer' tsoderale yearly rent of £373 1ila, to Mdr. Williamn Biarla,l a highly nespectable ean excellent tenant, who h2s oc-urtied the fa'mn for very tmany yea,s ancl expended a ernelderable stun of monDey in to.a j:vin te Deopeell-. 'This lot will also lsic;de the rnatnor of Righ avertai, with its courts, haron courts lfet. anteilfti prr PDpnten,a: thereto -also, the miktto sporting, which lareserved t h,oor Lo V opriso a comupct Form called 'Willwtores. situiate adjoin. Ing to aportlon of the laudB oDmprised in Lotll, and crtnsrstln0 of a, bofrablze farmhlous Tandeswtib tnoblaG hoest,F erad,and upwardsn of by? acresofgood land, innus ail aoble, let apt l)aencduti Cariagea,and ratheren of otLOSy-orer annum. Par~ticlrs Oaf be halaa hedy'c Inn of ATheneighourn mthet toewnges at3 theMoarnt; orrssrs.on Wedgeoy, Bungtxt. sod emand folloinitors, t18hCare-troeet Lincoln's TUnA ancld atth offiesnf te lahouctionees beilerowh Arahan out-sree and Iron Change-alley.nge wardrc bet filAeLwsstn wihmardoeostTble tps ,w;thtblgndblseGa&st asetand Pte imdrncambetr- by Broxdwood ad sik Sonds,oeroks,wiod andOerenuetCrriag. cetand ortheing cs,b order ofia tbthe eacuonof a ladye deces,edtbl;. n gVJba VOeT1lrgech one thex apremises, 303.iWuofbosmebyerracs so woodansdy August C2c6, cand foloing aday,sthe s.aBmwsrn c'IrpofURE, Iinthludinig wl made mahogbany an bairchf crbiazqn moti-onl ad Iron burdtsad, wnewadoe9 , Bto cheatsu ofi tiablezs 12 chatirus withr magble bops,toilet tablean cgblaes, and tabesr mod,mti shamber sreenussites,a dnawIg oomyn suit InH totewgd, withcurtan lofk rhil critmso floore lobb, handesom Asrcarewn.tod t ad varitetyorequisicotra. wrtingh ad oeto sonsets teaviesao cainetan, gt,lasctstateletcablesiand gForte largehe chimne g lasses,e acarrigrasari.easiand nlsbe bylairoatt wood and Sons,t. arbe. chanedtelr. dayd Ireotiree Brussels a c.arpts logue bdin the dininlroo and lbary ah otictr of critson mborte adamarvs,curavile,roa Roetteet o anodr,sy timingetables, 1 crhairs dinnr ea'gcon hckate writine cabne aled au,prflosa laten,aor loh ilruOae tair cSOein. wni aSvariey o reAsTesC ToIh Omesati thlenzt nearvesf chinBac and Bgis,an lect oTurasial Fort andthe winess, at clarene o, arriae, hans,and mnis eeellat us06MI usefult efAectL. May EE viewed G th a ree Diongtsi-asat mond ctaligve badm onrh aoremr,2 equ ard yat theit thrllee o peaint. frotagwoex. aedn om huandsrrs,Baof-cw Reet-teet. andb mliplid, angfe-alreby, Cmter. Thetwines moayd h toleted atr cIm-he timeofe. m ibyurtv nd Pany.A, vluablrPlo of TonIn,Iihnd iues ako the Mfarket p acte-a - odtesad liNmyb a an otN Mos-8WSONiDas and Son. wucion eLL byd laUd-ts 9)TION. at the Mast, near the Bank of England. on Thurslipta, Auut2As 2 at ec.iacoedlt alaeand t nreuly deial RKEspetee imq. Des cre,o tahmore 2o.000 lqarete yards,ewthothur prboipertyontgf W exteningtom,Es. deousand.s o et, toa be iutls owlge'nl at leasue b inter secilst rodsgadate for tao, aterraedv mdowerghlylrdentnewbuldingt otedrapeions. Etiell r,na condmtrs itlon slode pas,d maycihe had on thO emes urrier, E. The houew BrWs dentrcea olcitorl litrthe nobre sodu ofomessrs JohirrDawun an drawongmancloer abo d ladaenIget4 iseht Elatw , o eaeidogte, liunrey,aoring U stixndheprfuan famiy eda nartoteAngleomfrs'doraeting-lac onithe river,a aindrabooutaoutil tnforomthecraiwayrtattuta.xgfmy holcsrctVnet wel sup; NdA n O wilheclenlae ette r SEL cchby eaUCstablOe atr them Mart, neatiroomherBankdo uetul.d eubidngTusday, Auus27 atwe 22. ordetse arond treulyiodesirbnle. FartleliaLDrEe-it cdEtio,tns oo al,rea-hort.lat tbe haedeatete Aritd pon ert; of Wehlomr Biec and Rob.so dcased, standing, rhin Itse ownS Jrouns. Sosuosthwark andch judgmen jetI Dae'n andesraced dower, garden, inewlyere-on tedga ory and c.onrer-alorbers, wi9h falowernd orin ptsi o3n thmelawndoritoe V the easraorier outchehserful failybdas chgambers,toldyerai.g rooas two Dresidei, linren and strieta mussy, andlitres beaI rom foer dunsecisbowit nun,ettto aindoter acalu%boos losfora the cumirts of a largeSfamly.Theit,aecnnetad we_ spde wt excelleWS Nt ae.Dtc a re aN il SE ahLL ne by aUC sitIble b threethores wrrith room ovler, ando tset otAidings. toarx beORew, withe Ordhers fromther auctioelr ontrd andticularsh woith conItonnas of pae, maye aoly beahad atbterr utio MadiaSsrrt;of.MHoc-s aee anderobinso ttichtold, arui. h-etrest brtaon'y.S,o( 'rwansl,; anMd at Msr. &.r,belustDawuo Ptaend ' vasiestent tin old Kngsoenon Thames, and Marieorutshebintsera 49a, Pall-m all ia. ok n The ooextremely plbtaed oald Fort ines, Claret. desdertr, and derry, ses.auene, tande glther ino. Oinet foldlRmwingtc Why.sepeya 1, alchbem Cltr e,t natd odertynewushodfurniture, anditDgo oethlFerncabeb. Efect of Jtan is-m dyevoinghita,lea adg recesnd at drsingrolaateitesi dene, Int crrkoe,i-ob-n,as ?dobizet Widuedstals, oa ear al -arol o~ncan Ers DA .WS dinandgO wirhll.SELL byo zoUC'W on MOnday, bauckte1,t cok it,aborutr 310 dozen oeqfatrttl choic oldq gORee, ofl, the ltthet palte, gardenyrmature and tons atid condriant Other wihne richsonid run's. ognacs bral9tndy.Sctchawhisay, Se7btredam, k., beauti49l Peallmeavlel. .i odDrse Bose, n rina cedina, ate maot-etPaisa clOck ant vaRiousAijBeri,fu ricinstetedby WSiELLt bym AilCerp1Oe,a et,andtable lass, &on Oen tes oIgday,AgR Beett , a . vatuable Lallth verynes ESand rcolynewfrntres oniting ot pcin faratll Treiench, bed. steed and erentai blueddig,Gnmat knoanre was t.Jobe's-aupresses,)I draweTtrswabtas,desof ingbe o'tabesand gAloizee. aThrabivedeomsuitae oroe oldad daoma, tapes-try canpd richly-sfraed cohmney gloss,o elega &ntcommode,rshine ine 3asnet lnal edesatal, goval entre cable, C mstwoleonch andl chairts.a 6 per dicng roo,hat a- book cpratonomf ahe eistngcolt; bracetiw clocl, gsaburner, kithtanredonliber o;al small, wbeen-hwill, a three-lfietdpfor gardenxrolle and lcaiebtoos,ad tsgnps-le Takons be viewed onbtsgy,Ag 29.i8on6 Ctheltevcsonthe. premiere ahid Dat 'bes ohtanedafron and Suton'sr oParicslaHinandoondOuhnso,ando 8sla rm,uh-cambers, urte.ePaldCl-mall. ios,1. rokdlm atte t h art,fronmWdnsdy, Augur s t b6,al a actovafluabes, KEarim. strblins garden aqnd peasr grud,kona.SJh'-ak abouck0acrmFes of valuable ast Land audloiening, hoies, aboe esrabee hroplrd anis hldsbolrPoss perater and SchGolrge'frS. aon's Collegrs s-Stxerm, Soutnearly nineder Clun-errIred, atatgrloundren,and lettod toRespnsiba e trlonast t£ e anm tteeslaino h exstnglesea rew illsdoubtlessb obytaied onrlitees-lnterms ratons MabevieedBy ErmTssio AUTIONtthe leane,bycot, cmWhsh maybe btine fomhealuctioeer,O ofrtel- anEHOD coNDitions o mIs rom esar Cortaeyigandy Crtume,asolinitors,t16 Coke-laCne,; at the Mrt- andfrom tMr irrberatdbi OeuctIory.is aud omount-y street, Bhosesofermkerve-yzebyereds e, W.o.i Peckhasc-Faehold Pairdn oan andk uDt12roondDelling.huse b ma Feehol andus Laseh tol Proper ty inSt. George'so-rowu an So ewhPars.l~l atX2pree,sonhirm, anid Ce o heagh-lertrmc, Waterloo-erod anru:ad GreudRntat Hloaty.!wy fXO e nu lo w rc-a taIningnealy6 ravnd acre, eligiblysitueate, andtooiningesi the Ne Cuc' kofwSt. Mary, Pekosa, anti athe9 asnd1 erad"meter.ad bounld bya rot retheContey6.proaanumdt aro's-brosc,kfforing aoueet dCuc-erirabe,o Votatty foor adexteatrebuidirng meatndbts,datin4fontrages ofl.3% fevet,w oc aliy twheprevhouse tof ah mode rate-ize arereaitly codtlps-s of; Balso ma bP air on rhmlpretmises brick-buil Creo)laad Bie,rof th Inth CemetCorery-cEd; a soair o 'Sof rc-urbit-roed Woceterllsghires;f In cacacs Latreontwo,HPues atnSt Boye;.slonge's,Nw-ot-n,edtsuchwsrk h aity£2pe annt and letio Iar th whdole ther, amtlone6 peYr nArbo, a Ground brealt0 Petlflr'oqayrof£1 peW uu;.lotobrn-ul TNeO&fe 6 and 66 , Gruldferd.treet.-T and two Cit"ottesi thamerear knw alJ.lrs ea 1 and £16IC ET peanum nd heS ild aSaLroby retoreAe er atnum; alsoabrickT-buit owAuuse. 21Chreaterrarinetw Was tlerlooroad,erta £30 tper lannum. and hpldeat £10. perannmo.iMa be viwed ay tue pevou o the sadale.dPartSicumlars,wimtheconition -ofslema borthad one athenpremisesf ofy Meutmns,CoLi ndro bernard, ad ry; at theauctimonart;anlRsdeofnte fracuctioneer,or.Abr iI,met IIJESBS PIOKETT and SONS WillBELL by J,1.AUOPOIf,at te bMart, To-morrow, August 21, at 12. in twor loi (te poety f te lteF p P., o Siler,wn. likewO commasodiou ISUTESICIs,I,tERSsItat mx on theifilng n soecond4a dOro ufP Nor. andS Gra'p-ln sqare,overtflooing lanyd, -two hvn-gre frailmatd t prduc£12 er Wg arnetnoa, and sdo thelon Soci fety ofb Grays-In. Mabe Isewedbyhpeuld iofo the manants, and peartlnlars ~~~~obtainedofesr.Lwnc,Sth and F.ewdaton, soliMitos, i, Eata-troanhdp ,cty; and ofMesss. rcPei aketad Sons,sue tioners nd srveos-, 24 Sotham Hogbudigst, hand r--lsou s, andtr Tinciey-ommo, nar the BSitfaed tg-i mlsfom the City j~ESSRS. PBICKBTT and ~SONS wreistructby t LLbyAOPON, at the Mat,emorow, LAugust2,a SIAn one or,Au danerlotS,ta Jono f o JiterdtucemstuaFReEHL at LL thotolrnES-IDeinC with -Ostaomn,bgrdes wl o planted,rivui and lawn, rtingwis lasehole palrddokn giasrden viewdndtherear,icontainbtingdtogether lia.tiOr, ip togethe. rwicthfourdeSoml se plos o bandin lsand, tfo havn f Suhapontaof 58deet eah, nc the highan Btahtrest ra, and gtwo.o 0fe ah on he arsh aned, atriy,i Eat-end,panchlyf Izn the coudointy of Middleex be eed,adpartIculrsoTTarind SONSaplateionstmetedsr.tC endJ,A, oran by ltoe AMMO , Otth ldaJtwrOppositer ciiy Rat o g.thednn va luableyESToTESy,an rpholg fhgae ; andr a t Johnar, of Jeruland Sons - auctonan estallrlt e fhces, Hi th~e MaHior of,an 14, Southamputo.t builigs toeher5anceryln.1p.clstoteoxusainatheH ly Armp it imaadatildontguStyta o Huleynste,areu i-nstructd th brya AWiUClI othGrat th Mrt, eondn otws FIdy Aug.hol !Metate1. pLewlto-g LAND, ctnion Ioa, deir. lebip, copyholdnofthe mafe Londont. ohn offJerued lem sbitutea oo heifot of bOig wy-itidre I a rales of gressiGeneighbourhooe, whereacdcrsmeoteasivn for teei tqulrd May be viewed, ogendlenertinslarsobdtaied onipldiogstmoret MererstedrInot a ndegbons uctiond and estaarte ofiaacs,3,SothampLton brgitkgalte andeorcey, 'inthe parish ofs staling egte,adcuntyg of Kid- aj3 grdeg,beatiull, is ansd, conSann argetnteruce to _1 ablSePltaof EaUCTION,atd,thevinMart opce.th BaonkHofrngyland, con ltaiso', August 2O. alt 124i 1n4xoelo,tiehight eligo tUibe L and,vr rauabte ESrotaTES,o corpyhold oof th2Mno ofeSt.a Johntaof Jea.r.salem Arms, in Isusedlate contigity toavinghate fCruh-ni,and t the Hourey tatio on te Gret N ofhem Rilway othe whole entate reseottg rate f the met de-raebntIgssnoh wuadrod otaining. fe, Sr. lgp. Lo 2. A. delIghtful Plot of cotding 'is.d- having a frontage of 320 feot on a propurnod road, and conainng 9- r Sp- Ot 0.A PlOt of Baildiug Lou,d, wijth-A frzzg f1.160 feat next a PrODOtEd road. containIng 3e. Or. 31pLot'IL A de4'rabie n,'roer Plot of Building Land, having a Is-outage of 10 feat on Horz6ess-rots, and a frontage of 5-30 fool on A propo3ad road admirably adapted for en omnlbus station and tavern =Wtanlug 2as,r in,p~. ILot 2' Aeapltal Piot ot Bsdidlng Load, ap)proachei frora Horuesy ro%d, with a frontae, of 926 feet on a proposed rued, and oontatnuigSa. Er. lOp Lot 13 comprIses an exceedingly vaiuabole Plot 01 Building Loudl, ha vinig a frontage tofformser.road ot 1712 feet and on propoced now road of nio feet, upon wbich is a o'nail cottatle, with shads and garden containing 3a. Ir, tOP. Lot It3d willQorupr ise valuable and exinumIlve Po0t at BullOing Lund. approaceSle from Horesey-roats, with aL fr-outage of 91 feet onea psopeset r Yad, containing lOs. 1g. 7is. MUl the proposed road are measured into lots Ito 1ldtboth inclusive, as colouredt upon thu plan anusoxed to tbs printed rlnled particulars of salZe May be viewed by permission of Iyw agn Lo.-gsden, Till. Piston, Tarer. and Vorke; and particulars with plans, may no obtained onx application at the Ionns at -Isitlnton, Hoiloway, HlJgbgate, and Hornsey ; of A. Godwin, Req. solicitor, 4, Essex-court, Temaple;- and at Messes, Pric'kett and 80ona auction end swain Offices 3%,Suhmtnbitg,Cacr-ae and High-street. Mtihgnte. - Burey.-Deafrnble Reslidence end an extensive Racing Establshment, also three ottages, sr'thln one mile of the teenl of Epsom, MR W. BUTORER is instructed to SELL by MvA'UCTIOK. at the Mart, Rarthmlomew-lans, London, on Frida', August 28. at 12 in two lots, all that wsell-placed and Invitin g 4COT! TAOr-l RhlSIDtlCB, knaows as South Hatch, with lawn andl plant,,. lion. situate about a mile from either of the railway statons. and a A!mlIar distance fromi the Grand Standl, Inin most staunrious 4LdistrIc alan a. traineses cottage a. ith stabling andl boxes for lOs-3ac horses admirably Placed, naear ipom-downs, together with two sp %cious has-o, c0ao.-hcause, granary, nag stable for two horses cow-house, and sundry rins-laottildings ; likewise threse oottages, etbl, piggery, and poultryhouse, a,produgtive kitchen garden and fertlis padok, The'etslao Is oonyisofti, andi eomprnle about four ars.-' with comaR%andin Arontages to, the mai od frmEsotote e, and amply sup. Furniture, vai-VePaintlugs, Chilul, Glaaa.PlatedAtLicles SftDi,eu of Wine n sOlEffebte. HIBtNOOK and GALSWORTHYbegto arnnounce tbat the rernalsntg portion ofthe H EHTB willbe SOLD. Tal Dlay, ,,t I. o'clock, and wilt include the elegant Pu oltureof tbe drawing ooems and bouodoir, cemrAl of the mnoot valuable piaitlngs oDmOlOpisg koicoekkZ Fneaf Si . aloi rrler Verbekhoven. Reingal Colby )bbetsoa Wouvermatus VecleYen CODlins 'Willianas Backlmyser, Llngelbach Habent, P.A. Oobbett Hobbirna W. Bsayer Also the ornamental objects, Jiertia and Dresden china years. Sb-ms canidelabra and degcks, cabinet pianoforte. ineequeterio end btubl bi,,k. cases and oammodea. ejk damask. Winlow srtina, cocaone tabtes and, glases Inilachia vse and Louis Qnatorze dlkos, a ceilAr of on sce abou 93dern, icluingsome Port 13 iears L. Isneus ine,cbna.'Is, latd atices,endfeects, liatalogno 'nay be obainedupon he prmises and t St Cirs, O laock a-Ad. * onothy's offices, 29,n Fueweat1-strcet. SatnOotala, ruselsCarpets, Plattd dotalele, ed nusal Etrects, GALSWORTRYwill SELL by aeqoece o theProp ietrlaving town, on Mdonday, August 24, at 12, all he eegat moeru UIt LTUIIIS Comhrirsing a Orawine-room anie i ce-re wton-tre,abietpiano by etzienano cin.d OD., new Brussel carpetz, suite ofacoBatin curtans for tbreb ug1,duws (expensively tcimtmed), gitouola's, cocrnos, rsau large mimosa; excel.- lent well-moade dininig-room furnitLue. comnprlring extending dining tables chairz, uideboard, Tucker Carpetl3 and cugs The bedohamober aredageis incluide niahugaoy ArAbianu antI German bedsteads, wardrobes,set' of drawers, cbevial gla?fcs, maible waahetsnds. and nu . rout oonasseuts, piosuree, plated oemrices services of chIna anxd gl=es cspitia bed anidtAble lInen, kitchen requisiens, and efiets 31a be viewed on Frriday anid Saturday preoedinig, and catalogues had on the premisres ; and of ?desss. Chinnock and GI&lewurthy, IS8, Begest-strect, .B. The desirable residence to be let or sold. I , Nortlawiclcterrrace, St. J ohu'g'wood-U.Opite.l Furnmitmo. 1to Vols of Books, OJIl Painting; Piano .(by Stoddaril China anad Glacs, atd (t4INNOCK anid GALSWORTHY will SELL by AUCTION, noon the Pro,-Loosesa above, on Thursday, August 2?, at 3, alt the excellent well-made PRNIpTUfti, Comprising a draw' Ing room suite in roswood. taPestry and Brussels carp-ceo, loo. oard,asd occasional tables, hioftw91nAy-gasss 69 Octsve Planufnoite by Stoddart, itn mahogany case rosewuod sommode, and a feow Omamental o.bjects ; In the dining roora extenddlugdinlng tables, r'edestaliideboardt, mahogany ebaics and ooucbes.secretary, bookcase, fo. ThLe bed mn,m appenuagis Include a May's haudsomre wardrobe, feer-post mnahogany aud otls,r Iedsteads.and capita bedding, tmarble wa'h.tands and iiressln -.glasre, also a few large 011 paintitngs. about 199 Vols. of books, sez:-ices of china and cut glass, including complete dinner. tea, end breakfa't set.' kIitchen requisites, and numeroaas uetfot effects. Stay ho viewea the day preceding and morning of Wae, and catalogues had noon the premDises and of the auotioneerg. 26. Regent-etrest, Waterloo place. A well-secured Freehold Xseome of£1 era mis, th city. ESSRS. WARLTEEIOfdOVJY will SEALL Wt b AUOFION, at Garraway'sO c otee-hm Chal ugealy. on ?,onday. August 31, at 12. a FREEHOLD, substauts modern corner EaOUSs a,.-I BA)KEIt' SkLLIQ6i?,. Parrlng.iun-streez, Its south corner of the entraceooto the market, more than ioyem-s in lbs occulatlornot Mr. Brown, at anet rent of £110 Der annum. Miay bo viewed by permisiision of the tenant. particulars had of dessrs. Wiool- moeadSims solicitors 43. LlOinol'a-s. declds . at Garraway~s; and othanttonreers, fi, Onauncecy.lane. A. valuableRila nadHoe,Otra.ure- 1 krSLt3. WARLTBRis Anrd LOYEJOY are inAlT.Lnrnced to SELL, without resevw at Garr.wa'se Coffeehouse, Chlmuge-laly, on Monday, Augeiut 3i, at 1f, a LEAS E for 21 years, a rent of £100 per asnoxm. with possession. of the well-itnown house called the C TRERUAM INN and HOPTIL at the terminus of the railway, stx mltes crom Croydsn, having e%ser coursi,encefr n comandof,a mst ucrtiv buInes, hic I daily imprnoving. and offer a mee healfth desirable resldence, as vwell us ftsr a highly hione- cialw trade. Particulars may h beeta an the preniises; at the Dejaybound Inn, Osoydon; aDd Of the gactioseers, 91. Cbengery-lane. cud ashor distnce f theCrysalPlae.-1Four valuati'e long 1-eaehol modrn rivae Reidenes,let to res,pectable teansts, at ress aocuingto 155perannm ;and the Benedetal Lease 02 j~fESRSDIRSOLNT and DAVENPORT will AU SIN at the Maci, oni Wedne daly. August 26. at 12, n lts,TWoPAlof %sei-detached VILLA, R BStlDFti5OBS.most leaantr iteae. ndbeing Nos 1, 2, 3, and 4, Albiou-lerraceSyWon. sam-ark a ighy rspetable and healthy locailty. and within 15 mintes rie pr rilof Lon-iou-brid'ce, in the sesnoatlon of Ir. Pearce. lir iliamsi, Xr. Wilknson and SIr. Bradley. at reLst accounttsg to £185 per annum, and bela for the iinexpirod term ot 611 years, preeenting a faVOurable opPOrtunilty for invet-aroent or fo:' occupation; also the Iteueheiat Leaose of No. 272, rt)cord-street, In the occupationl ot bit. Resell, oil and oolotreaan. asrii producing a, profit rental of £70 per annum. Mvay beviewed by permnissiionof the teusan Particulars At Disrtaouth Arnna, Forest hill Gremyhounid, NF&Wtenam ; at the Mart; of Itotert otlssthee, TIq., solicitor, 16, Ely-place, Hlolbero, BC.; and of Meogrs. liesson and D)avenpotrt, land agents and siuetioneems 32. Eserlerabury. BAy. N orthl Brixcon and ltnigtnprt0bocvlabeln -ssssshsldi Private Ex-ideuceiz, with wailed Gardens, of thej value ot _£120 per annuim. Ej fSSRS. DICKSON and DAVENPORT WMl ill 881,L by AUCTION, at the Mart, onl Wedlnoedy, the 2itha AugaEt, at 12. in three lnot, a, PAtH of s:abstantlitIF-buflt. modern. eemi-detache,t IIISIDENSCES, beinig Noa. Sand 9. Drovo roadt, Nort Brixton., conveeslently situate between the Brlxton end Claphassroads, at present in baud, but of the value of £120 per antnum, mnd heldl for an unexpired terma of 65 ;ears at a ground rent of £1I5. un- me(Ute ostesiomany ho had; also a detached, s'ell-busolt, moodern heieceeigtfulily setuate, No. 9, The Terrace. fronting Kennington-park, 1-t to a, respectable tenant at £60 ner annum, and held for 691 years, at the moderate ground rent of £3 per aiuomn. May ho chiewed plior to tho sale by cards, to be had Of the aucetioneers.Parti. culacs at the Mans; of Robert Soutboe, Esq., solicitor, 16, Ely-place, Rolborn, B.C.: ',nrd of Mlessrs. Dickson and Davenport, lauid agents and auctioneers, 2, Bucklersbury, city. RO.C Genuinre Bouoeh IdFriue he e i-Ctaetisootoo full compass,4 Pair ofC 16-Inch modern Globes on high stands, a Oarsinogmentof Itallar Ssulpture, French Brsczes and Clocks, Cut-R..'s Gag Chandefleul and a Stock of Papler MachI ansd Ilated Goode, unider a6 tat in bankruptcy against John Bryan. ESR .BULLOCK wilt SELL, o6t their great Rooms, 21. High Holborn, onr Saturday next, at 11, an AiSSEMBLAGE of FURNITURE, remnoved from several bosses, Including walnut and rosewood drawing room appendages. several rems of dinner tables, Carlipet. winged bookcase. writlog latin, iron bedsteads anodbeddwg, maboganyandja,panee'ddset,er wardrobe$ and chamber furniture, el-iced prints, China, Rlass, andi kitchen requisites, do. Maybe Viewed, endI catalogues bad to-morrow. DOoratshire.-In Chancery.- Digoy, T. ttsycitt." 13FESSRS. 13UTLLOCK are directed to SELL,, At the. ls barh, Loudon, noi Wednesday next, at t2 for 1 o'clockr, in one lot, with the approbatlon of VlreCo-aneeJlor Sir R. T.IlCinderaley, the PREEHOLD ESTATES known as the Abbott a Wootton aud Higher Coombe, comprteing 880 acres of land, all lying well togothe-r itrctdby several roads, and (execept about 70 acres, whbich ar leased onx lives, and In msmall oldingsl divided into four capital fares with snitalhe homesteands and outbaRidngs. The conacusr are sub stantta persons, who hare Occupied from 29 to 10 peers, and the present gross rental of £910 a Year is a very moderate one. Toe land lax bho been redeemed: tithes and parochial rates are moderate The estate in eltualeo In armost lslcturesquo onnutoy, close to the bordrse of Devs.c.ehira, about five miles from the pretty rsa.bathtlsg towns Lyme Rdegis and Charmouth, a lie distance from 3ridport, to uboch the rallesy ia nearly completed, 10 meie from itorcheetcr, 25 frombey-woodt, a~nd 30 fom Extr Prite prilarsanpln moy b EhALI grais, lftELLb folwig C Tll IOe:lN,tsr Coses,e Son admict'ls, No.10, Cottgi ec-ikTmpe. S1.toth.;lla stor, Abro. Alger, N37. en lidner,-o n,WO esses larp, A trlu , 2 nd s aom oorn, 41.a Beidtdrw usefal FU SIUr WlimFee and Co.OT , o orwpisigah'and-ars oteaper andvSo, p rianoorte, bIr. iant pnat c'meReyglass,a rtAseinn ind oter chreter dandWkwindowta cuthepaces ofrable; and othe bednus. feutck, 2eds and bedingimltbkohoradoooe.eqdW . dahy wo, prmiest;-andof 240 utounceer,fFa3, aRsmalldsrowant, of eocel dent agatehod uniue,o Ithgeuine ploperjFtt f gn tlemandF- N oting abrNoad 5, Nradsur.Hlr oshl.Pr .NI[RGRAHAMY WMllSELL by AUCTION, on the wood,NisibKnlie on Wednesday, Augus 25, at1salohmodrn HOeSFa anH eOLD F'UlttJITURE aoonDrd FETg a ompArisiang Jra, hasia drawIngr,ox-om xesnite anherbewo ds,pairo ad caln ues,a Capitlalul oct'Bare ottae pianoote,brillwband pateIhittsynglas. chruoslsandtle othr crpes,damsk inow urtIn, Arabianuandgther3 biedteas, 13 feathr bed and eddig, nuerousbl roo i ndotherirqsltndewy May e vewedthoday rIo te ate andcatisg erobd ater saurday n l s pr miss; a d o theaucloncr,o3, edfordrt th'acto.er Nola 0 AidneragaTle .-Sa me Of Furitur, Medoic PateFti4, and LTso- JiESSPRS. DERRING e adSNwill SELL,b AUC.OnTheIOmie, attho.Audc sgtion set Toou S DA3, 0gh 12or , theVoa EAId dEm.Viabuse Ful eeboNldtH and . Opbolddig &s,oth Land.twit Fand house fixtures, late-leurot coiUdntes, wt lead ienmUs, of,LCat dog,uestosohn oinmted eprzemies, ando h ucInes 1,sos gateSwihou. DG I ac SO hae b n avoGrAdHvith willtuciosEt LL by AU OTIO N, ot thei bfH~Oa l onffUs?Y ePednesdyrAg 26t , at 32, all th8 cem od ernyHOuSE- ToUA.OW IAND cmpostdg mahogav sit abe,in,th I%ron,helf. treete,tourdpes,dxcfc nw fe,abtthoer bedsfaom bedding,winedlSatind,gente m et'sowaIrdrTobe,raretzp Wilsonewhd, and fttheo uroheezfibiandWtoIlet gthese hadoe drVawin roomed b suplintote himtnylans, ofaboIne%ts,n. cuard,mand ocasionaltab ulers,ofals,onhs chairs ah n b ,ehadycal's hef'it foris,et ofrige maogany inn tablres,dthIningx Arom ch aitsfand;es theiro Ams, Spais tahogany shideb Hard,tuses lldegaermiugs Her, an othr arrpetend rugs, cuhina , glassan the usauael!ki:hent tOnsirt. Mayb viixemWedllond Bckeay, August 2,admang of. sa ele.-atimealoguetstoehohard onthteSsroSemgiere, and a Steon,ilandoft auctioneer,sr In Crsucand ,-Ttnt agoetotre 01oadsmall odg um,a Platfodert, and Li tn t Ae!fusSatRuntop-bridgo a nd Crox wiel SElb Ii.AUCION attheAucionB oomsry WateHgh Iolbtome , onta lmonrday,Aug.24, t 12 theaboe FFIr (rmoed fro Sts-trst Wa pnel copriingarmbgs, ofthourpac bdt Pemshire mawttrsss feer edsan bedin, ahollarang cedtissfquraterr,udressingclasses, tabls ad wsboand, screairokokcase, patsent of chirsl, chmneg clas, capet, kIchenreq isites, aand thr sfct,dMay.h virewe oAneday riorto admoningof aleCtaoges thenwhd atwo y the rooms; of 7ierss, Hdgeisen nd Tend,solst,1, W ottierl To wer-strabet; don, with immedon,iaeewnpoegresi;un, ~~jIESS1t~s, SEDGWIOIi w and eSONr haet,srd6 been Der:s-Dei wee3 Readng and Buckttebary.-A. genteel COttage Orilce with paddock, to. 'lcR. J. 0. COOPER wi SELL by AUCTION. on A T - hu.sday, September 3, at 3 precIsdy, athe.b Upper Ship Hotel Re2ding, il' desirable FiZREROIiD COTTAGE RESIDE]NCE, know es " Rosceands," facing 13ucklebury-common (wbhch loa the distinscuchin;: feature of a well-weoded park, with a rich paDturage), un-elistyas (nine miles) fromn BeadiDg and Newbuy, distant 2% from Adereustron Ststion, seven from Pangbourn Station, and one from the village of Brad told. Tho bouse il substantlbrickr hbullt and urlipally elated, a front of Cerrnrron cemoect, a verodah, and French windowso, two stting and five bed rooms, dressing room. andstore clsets,kitchen, coach-house, table, nd convelunient ost-elcrsyard, wfell addock ;and garden valso a rigntofcoanmoss. Pormanyvesre Occupied by (vsecal Pgot, whose sucoegoor wil unit OD MIob;selmesX next. APppl for particuliars anxd condition to the Auctioneer, 112, Castle-street, ReadIng. 7No.7, bnssexplce, Hyde-park,-Degant Furnitur noble GlasOb, Ornaenrts, vatuable Paintings, Services ot China and Glu% Clock by MfcCabe. Stahope Fuseton and Effects, MLR. ElMEDUIOK, MULLETT, having dis&osed iYAof the leaso, is faroured tthinstrumstonato BEt,Lby AU ON on tho Premises, ou Thursday. August 27 an. following day; withoni resave, tho superior FlR!t3 E I lprbidpl y Meby . eGilloi), comprising the usual bed cbamber appcndangss mahogany aid Iroa fnureEent and Arabian bedsteads, ulnflot dra Hgroumhsdteu, tleo, oard, and fancy tables, beatifnif cabinets, shimusCy, oeerG and loeoul glese. and tablts, aet of extendinw dinngtabeos, * 7ft. 6xi pet ald sIdeboard, 12 t hretr in teVNcco. Brusa e and, other ctay et, sz3, all fittings, china, glees, capital kilehen requIsItes, and mnoselnous effects. Mafiy be viewed the day peter to aDd mordnings of MIs, acid catalogues had en too promliser, and at tho auctloneer'S offices in Alblonplase, Hvs'arc-srsjnare. This Evbulng, at 6 prciey.-Snpeslow modern Household Puntsre MEX1SSRS. JONES andiGB BOHAill SEbLL by 1l A iUOiIOX, at tbelr newl,resid fSo,os- }eloeeser teeS atd rInces-street, TI1B EVENING, a6odoiokpst(ely D.OlJBEiIOLD MOI H and EPPFECO v., Azabin, Frowt;, *ourtpeo. sota, and iron bedsteads,thdrapere, ioose feather bed, bair an wool mattsess and bedding, warrQobes, chest ot draess,ai,a, and dreDssn tables, lo, genobeote, ad andh dinig 6ble,asl sO,of wanutwrood, roueood, and ahZogan choir, sea, tiJa~, anaJs .ha1r, toblebclasos and darnin d_e.s bada carpets aadl fends, 2infrsIossg copper and pEla. good8, tctSswris an ahaauc B na, Ca V sgw SF * P p Giay'a-4nn.--Soall Freebold and long Leacebold itate, by w_n.gs - Abe fxeCotozaOf4ha late mn. c btbine-msUuisb 46ssassd . - - 11_ B.C FURB1EiR wiM su'bmit to A1jjIfTION Sp, MX the Matt, lrtoloroew-lxne, THIS DAY, August ,jA ~a ifn 1, A sm1I F1tlLUEOLD OWELLING-11LQT1,sE tam arbtinqclNo, 4 , tlueenesHe%d-coart, forwezly MA1deztbead4L11ey, let at ;etS 4.,-_ annkum ; a also A; enteel Residence, Km, 19, Swilnten.sgut let~ at ES per annum, And beld toy about SBF year at 11he low grunsut of AS~ &Dr armum. Tb. premises amsy b rlf~ (by perrafaslos)b. wt r,Udltinojs of sat zmra l ontabaned; attli et; Jf.; (2ane.Rq., eohcrror. Laws Is diVw and #t lbs autugs OfIc,in Warwvlck-coue, Gray's-lint. 'VhIdablelfrechold Gfound Rents, with Reversion Co VBaskRIeutas aa C%, B 0 FlRBER is iArunted 'by the &4evutam AlVof tire late Air. Andrew Pope. deceased, to SILLL b7AVuODiif, at tte Auictioxn akrt. Iiartholoinew-le,ae, ott , ut DAY Amml AS to 'I O1, the va.luable FR gEHOLD GROtIRE)NTS amocml" tO £90 per snnum rsrWng 9ut of the pubhLwohouse ownol aithe Threoo Tnt ad tnttre ko ~d itrciate and be ginl CJemnt l,i-a.n Paseree aind Rtooebt 3.stroct, Ul,re-market, Stt, reak rentalsof prlikia amaount to £160 per alium. btay be yiewed bnyleare of the teAntant an p rlonar, with COnditOns of sale, obtaind of Messa.L Miller aM Son. slctos Cliltord'a4vii; at the Mart; and ax the aurU,osa foef ice In Wavrio-sort, QTmis'-inn, oIl roro, nlest [etOrd-row-110 VAube 1,san d Goodwill or W.s (VovopoUon (formerly the HeAut vitad,se Twiern, Nts. I and2s iirow-nlow-ntreet, will submit to AUCTION!, at laleOew-lane, dtiy THIS DAY, A .20. at 1ZW fors, he alubleLEAE of this olW-eetebllhed TA RN nosewhitha Iare tu uOfmnarey haa%feutnLY 'teen expended bo most %lho reqtreent ofthetimes. T'he house are beld direct fron lbesDoughtyRelate or 1yer, At £96 peg annum,in and thLey anw poaev0every advaua.e and at tinOduo both for hotel and tavern bastLeo, a ai ainctrae,with the average taking of £ZtOO per annuardi hutWhih aeitmd lotmasseeoneut might be largely lncrs3asel The rocSse ma eYlerved, and partiulars.wvithowjtiUofigoajo ther obtised of3. jhoetn Aq. 57. Ciancr.y-laae ; at tho~ 1' rt;andel heAnXuttyoae O RinW `rwlQk.cOarn GrWay'sInn Clzaud.-h reaiigtcki Trae, lFittings-up, and Implements wilSL bY AUCTION, on 12, me 23T wef,n a' rtinentn sevweral thousaut en.- grarligsge coordCit.prflos,loar boxes trainee, ettetohlets,, Iortfloio stut,&.Teinimnscmrs bree medaillora orre,toitnigpero,wihn mcie and w lgts, tileoddehbnn5iWo,e one hu .e nest t 01O1rtweI1s tolt-eae, oSoallusbokae,prgtrc.adoeeopfttings, Way b-.lwr an adiue a nth rmss anda tle nun.- zrcellehtlostr,o lieul ed deorortlr-eCarce, uten, COretts OAFoPaoot,ftsl igurca, Osocle, Chinai, Glues and v.l isElece XIR PHiiLLIPS is instructed to SELt by AUC'NTION, at bis Itoont, Nqew BOnrd-etreet. ou Saturday, 22d inst.. at I. -reeleeiy, tbe, todern FURNITURE: acludilig a baudoe.omo drawing rom stite tn walnuatwood, decorative cabinets and tatls. luarres. clocks. and ornameuts in bronze aud aou-oolu, exzoeleontcart eta, a £ull-ocaye oottate vianoforte in walnut ceme, eosel_ lent dintec temm furnItutre In Spanish mateotrany, a large set oe %toeint S.ideboard with glass hack, 18 ohaIra, and two indulging oneet. covered in morocc, sota, dianer '4tn %An nellret, beMitrsulAtobier nd elnunygiasee,expesivechamer sites in anah0gaoy,. Wajut ed -'le oo, onisingoffor-os Arabian and. Wrench bedtea, ad bddig. reewarrobe, uchas And other dre.slni tale, oiet,,aeesan wnhatud wthrorble top ad fittings curtai, and aroole usefl chin and gasa w re, ad tiocollanaou. C deltaemvedfro th reidece 1 agenienanat Forest-bhIL. Ct~~~OiotO55 then tad. th As, sil R L'EREW begs t ittnt that the SALE oF i LEAS1OLD PROPSItTY. at MaIds-hiXt adverUtied to tske, place tisis day. is Ot!tliee 2, ClAfiingiou.- street. 1tamptead.ooad. tear the Boston Station. lan Uaoery.- Truerv. Tatsel sod the E.'wo - dwinblb~,. elect Lon? Leasehold Famay Residence; being Xoe I6 And 28. (isv]ton-bill east, Hl. John'r*vrood, Midldesex.-By Mesars GZiLEN Sis STAXniItY, the autotnnurs sppointcdtor that Purpose ipursnant to, an order of li i' onour the Vice-Ohmneequr Sir John Stuart, dated. tboe13rbday of Julb. M8D. at the Aru= ohou 4rtnear tSe R%ik o England, on,Wedl;05daY, September 9, at 12, fin two lot4. prpryconsist-s of Two Veilatble first-clueT EnLtahubq R*eldentea liorni-detad.l e0). with front aud aiwck gardenis, Most eligibly situato, and being Noe 26 and 29, O,rlton-hll 0.at, St. Johu'ts-woos, in the coeinty ot btiddlterm. No. 2llSsletto A, diltcbell, lO-Q., at tOe yearly rent of £65, And is held for a ato,n of 9 yera wantfing jive days. leone Mi1deumnwer, 1383, At a grounid rent or £12 er onno; N, te atpreent sue. tnt is oA the estimeatedt vaioof£81pe anum.aedisalo hed fr~terus of 99 years watit-- lo yedy, in Mtunmr 83.a aPErot.de t ouli tait hisa.. StA LEb, otine. E ld thdsret on~ neo Authion 7Ath dappo site the Reck of nglad THSDY Tuvayi, August 20, at is tori1, exaot time -A tlnott,4,ooe-tse,soiwa.S f LV.aoeby AOTIN o hoPemWs, Georceyard. Prlnoss. trreet Sobo), on Monday u.2,a rcsl.Myb viewed on their orning ofaweo, and caaonehdo h ntocr,250, Tocadilly. hA H. ALFRB] O il EL on Spebr3 LV.WALTON LoDG,gre,aj adc,fotn ihua near Sutton, obeamn,an po-al,treiti,senbdrom etables, cenchanting ve,-uto,seolre odere,a4 Baker-stra(t, She Hlope Arms, Oxford--re. most eligibly situaetthcrnro- £Loki,streot, leading t chlnelsoter.equave, a Sa-ae~ato1 commanding an exotie hule. Rj . L,OUND has rec-eived instructions from the LVJ. ~bnrs wh, vto ra ettesug, 50 dEnLt. by AUCTION, at Ger.-a'wa)'s, On MNnuday, August 3I, the v-aluable LEA&SKi for 60 years wth pese.seon, oJt tfOnes TerY desirable and euhenniitbAyjerctepW . bUE. town as the Elope Armin, Oxford-street, wcupying an impor. tau3t PoMitlon In the main, thorousihfare of the western part of the TOtAOPOtnit.A.hihyenetleatulprceribusinessi couductel overt cutrt,rdnepiipwt gt%,vualoppsr-tuitp torethe, lnveettrent of a mcderato capttal, w,tth, o-rteitr or auue together withatte advanitage ofa cheerful and beal.hy residenco. MaFt be viewed, and perricolare oblateed oni the prml.es; at Garrawayisan3d of the auctioteer. 60. Obancery-lant.- M R. WrILLATS sistsne to SELL by AUC_- TION,on the Premises, 57 Cower-street, TKIS DAY, Augu,vi 20, at 12 for 1, the modern H611rifEtOLD FURNtITUIRE; corn,. Mriing mahogauy Arabian and oth-r botesdsad. ceans bodd!.X,eian.- SPreof eve bed charetere drawing-and dining room furuiture, CalpetF, linen,i chine., gelnA, citeen aequiitee. andO numerons items. Sty ho viewe the day prior, and catalogues obtainod on the promiseE6 ard of the auctioneer, 1i. Pavement, Iliuahury, Bt.C Strattord St Bary, t5affolk.-Fuiyleiec n ed o ess TlAR. ANCO 1 ti9?rA is inistructed to Offer for SALE by LTAUCTION, at thei Mars, on )tondsy Auis 31, (unlesspr, yin-ely told by ursvate cnrt1aaaheVE OIiand OOP.-. HCOLD B-iTATE, vrell situate, about sIx moiles fromn Cotbseter, ont ibe, -high road to Ipawleb, known as Cbrureb-gata-bronse, with stabler, Iag walled gasden., St-h-pond. andl 14a, Dr. 38p of luxurisiant dr. The neigh.- bot,rhood 16 healthy, And offers good Rahiug, shooting, and hutttnfg, A'p#Ytoln1easro U. J. and H. Whicsw w etiutore GraI-ini-t-euare: ttodeears. tobleson and Safford. solicitors, Hadleigh ; to Mgr. ZoatauGs, Shelly ; or to Stir. Anconu, 8, John-street, Adelphl, respectabnle tenanits, proOoegllOeranum T'OPLIS, SiON, and HARDXflG will SELL bp T.ATIIIIO N. at the Mart, on Thuxeday. August27, at I unotu. ally, in four lous, LEABBEEOL- jNTRY '2iITit, ariing out of No.. 5, WarwIck-sinIce, Peckham-r.eveletat L2Sper annorn. and held for 4? Years, atZalow around rent; NOe,I and 2, Camiden Cottsge, ilouth. ImpWItn-atteet, let a-t £&A2 Per annum, andhbeld for 18 Yea.a £sL q;i Koo, I and 2,Wligoo1c, Albany-road, let at £62 per aninumn' and held feel 1years at £12 Gs. ; and No. 14, Denmark-tow, Wodhwar. bour-lane, held for 28 years at;£2 Se. per annum. Maybevidewed bJp leave of the resPeotive tenant,, And patrticulars ha f J. Lilley, P'o. 41, lllackman-atteet, Borougb at U the Knetlon M'art; and at the ofIceej. of Messrs. Teplis, Son, sand Harding9, 16, St. Pattl's c2urchyard, BA.O 6i-eshac-stsn,ben;, Old Besad--etret, nd. AuSmttnrlars,s-yore the Sterifa 'tf London.-Superipr office Furcniture In Tatles, De"iy,. Paititlon, Pianto, valuab'e Clock;i Chatry, Capets, rintsmt, Sand otha* Item,, under on Execution. MR LEWIS will SELL by AU0TION, at the Nevp ROltOM?, S3, Londonwll-WI, TELlS DAY, Augus 20, and followinig day, at 12. the udodrmentionsd geDuino FlJFltlrd; coturooris ivOg wynting table,, desk-s, Spwd5ih mahogany partittun,, sete ot chain ire leather and batrclo.tb, new carpets, £0-day striking clock, fende rs, t.. heist, eotta6o Piano, 70 eadles'oompanions, kilt muonldiugs 40 printss, frsmed, MaWuWt, aunda aieytY genu-ine irtidles, removed firom then above promeise, On view. Catalogues of Messrs. BeeW, Waikixns, t4 Blythe, sonaetore, ill, at. Swithia'A.1ane, ; of the S'erftf'e Office, Bell,. alley ; and of the Anctloueer, 9D, London-wrall. On View.-T ecrtr,Bidr.Paperhangers und ohr,SS OppOEteAoldrldges, TSS AY, Augut 0,t ir£,SOfpce DesicyFlataPA PrEgK cl(l,cmhgeeant gold. -common, am- setarcse Vape n, Glarg ad alio, nnefour-theeltrade and.' privatea famili. Ces,m- ReceteotLeoidpop xellentse~ond-hand Iotn LVI. AUCTION, atuthe Auctonzs Mart,ocity.tIlSD.. B OUSS andSktOP, ues h5and at ta Erldorts, ce 2&orh ~~~~~~Hlroad,Hx .hl o ogtrmat ow ro1und routeanrdl bothlet tse tee otnai alon thedwelling-hone, ao. 14, foreelng-treet. Coale Par ITiclrs at themart;i ada thbewD ralbndieande otbies,r7 barlgl leneueb, ld aendlteuro Railway OfficterFtig, dam nary Tmabiss, riob, Dhlemy Priti Piers, a w.new tIpe,m catpit, albourwhe T1ewn Te aSlleg table, Gelana-ctsideboar,chaine Dieoress, iniOOo adoe maoRy fou N,s Aat lanst Roomser8 Chaner-ane, se Hions DAYd. oc,cet n chse mb(Liera, mui'oion p rintingprsan typle, b twn btravJlg' vlan, machiner, an flme itres brmotues, curinsiie, gla , To ben vtew the day prior,ean d cnoene haed at the inroLgom s, 2. (lt tauoen aes m the oder; nd J tuMir,-i. 1, ra llato on04 Vucioar,&, Camdenrtcalt h~jB . O T ill SELL by AUC,TION, on the MG k&ra dLisG2mees f o,Hlinro Vills, amdenra, onaypositeth Cnt Pisn,onWenesay Agut 0,At UCTor2 IrONel, atdehim SURREIJIE.oomrttig rgewod eliniN G n othe hairs),; couch leoand thtr able, thdonlr~ daask urtans, tih-~ ohimer.lar, Bosels nd apetrycarets sehciny felathers Ioron wacet-ouarM oshl--uy Mr. OH DION, at the Case Botetn the torn-n of Cnwsyt,i the econt, Of Cnarron, on WoTe day and Wednesday, September 8 and , uInle;s d3peedotisioo*W lotinthe neantime,otwhicadue botit be given,)in6lots. rVPfE valuable and . extensive Freehold Pxoper ' kmoWn tthel&ftp&Emtae; eCopr nsg o manwr or lnrdim os hfaonan, and numerous- well-arraged frm, lte, and wOs c. eDni.g in the whole aboet 2 700 ser5s, with rtghlotake, ga n bori,aD- Conway, situate in the psret of P4weahi h cut fGre von, This fine eata toistato womese from anrw o andyo nin miles from Coowarta Szet-ol, amnani sation on tbo ChesterL an. Holybead lciway, In a most picturesquo nelghbonrhood, oomeanding ia itself ad on tbo other side ofthVeCe (theo elbhtedD4olGuTrg and Portb ltwvd Falls, belng immediately opposie) some of the nHz, nsgnilcept scenery with whnh Uris cbhrng pert of North Wsleg, al-ounds; the faVOIntbsthinguseoe, Lisdudneo, Is about,15 mIle., distant; wifle Conway, with Itsnoble esUe, the Snowdon rangeoC mountains, Gwydir Woos and uetle, getw*sy-0oed, the amed SIWlOW Watertall and endless other Oblects of attraction and bsauty. araall within easy drives orer good roads which intersect the estatefr O Llanrwat to Liangel,ew,. Rglfy.fach, and OM!&T Ieeticul,sa des I g it, With a view to 4egdeuco unrivalled in Its grnaueasr, thee. 'being excellent slte5 and sbendanoe of materils for the ereation of a nnlndon; ana it point of pottion, from its extent and mpO econd to none in the vale. To thesportsmanthe wods,s akoArm rtver ConW.y- afrord ample zuesns of enjoyment, TMlsfe -buoi -are Iotn in a thorouag 'tD of eppar, aud the farnsare aoude b e atenatsfrsmyestoyew. Thetisberasdo tl-)a sap gwillbhosold-with tha eotzAte Teslesl omuc ehd skI eblock in the aftemnoon prclaely. Printed parlolsamas Wlthyle4, aanexed, mar be had from the auctIoneer. Wlgfalr near t Aab Ir P tZobertr, land -valuer, Ro-hl4i, St. Ax -: MeMBn- uett. Id, antE ~ ~ ~ nu Ral Dn O ,orcr2, a, BIoOn omabusy-sque, 3 und akb asffieei' V Meenrs Louguosile, WVillIas. and- Jones, -aollitore,pswtr, rt>ra whouanl yIhrlhes nfer1~tj0 may boobtined. Aitppcsse loire, cnuae the ,estte in one entirelot wIl be rcoelrel iy Moms Lea . - ville, ¶llim,and 3onoe,pssto, bustst berood.theAhtbaotixtep4 embegnert.Tomboi A A'ck At G2mlrnsu 006Neo"3, lin X rso*tX * X ^ 0 t
