DEATH. KIlld hi acton before Delhi. On the 8th Of July, JOhn KImer Blo4tbW*Yr. aged 3 rly wn of the Ltte Capt. Wlrllajn Blathwa,l, f ey intheld t Dragoons andof ti William ILathwa,t,of Heoue. Soreraetahre. I&tDelhL, on the 1th Sept.,hrom a ensgotwoounsi the hotd wheu ravely peforming his duty and erecting a trial battery tD Protect hi Bmen fom the Mercng, In ircero fghting, rrard Linle Phillippg, Elgq FaIgn Of the h Wi e, sond Wu of Ambffobe lie PhilFpIp6e, of Gracedleu Manor, aged 51. At rAndour, on the 25th Aug., William tockett Tzotter, req., AA. iutnt, lIte 48th Bengal NaktiTe 1nVYr most deeply and desertedly regretted by his brother officoers. A better modlder, a firmer fried, ora Vaore bterlieg English gentma I enter lived tha he whose erly dea On the 24 Oct. at Hyderabad. Sende, the Infant gon of Isnut, 33attifcombe, Bombay .&rtUer. Augast, 1857, at NataL. South AfrIC3, Fir TheDphllue John St. Gweorg B3ait, of WoodagUt, C62ntr K ulkonnY, land, aged 46, On the 1Uth August last., drowned In the wreck ot the Dm3bajr Captatn Green. near Sy-dner, Allan Dlunbar, third zon ot lrteaeriok Helach, Req., of 15, Anrorlo%.equaire, Lodonc, And of Brightcn, flinac; In his 19th year. ODn the ZeAh Aug., at Sydney, Yrancls Law3on, thir sont ot W. Willie, flq., of Troubridge, Wilts, aged 24. *On the 14tb October, at Matanzas, Oaba, of teldert Je Tong combined in the 2lst year Of his age, ThOnaa owtcand, huso oef TInAS I. Grasie, Fq., Of 18, DoNetequare, Begpe.thpark, On the 25th October last, a~t Msrtyn.Worthy, near WhIchoiter, Montagu Mioney, third son ofWJram Ellot Money, Esq., Of the h -pngal (ivi Service, aged 11 On the 29th October, 1857, William Watt"s woollet and lnendraper, 4, HlsRh-atseet, Deptford, Kent, aged 64. On the 8th bet. at the e re.eente Camden.ro6A llasm Srak Ann, the beloTve WifeOOf Byatat Westo Faq. On the 10th Inat. at hi reldenoes, James Prathe, aq. Solict BillerICAY, , Aged 62, deeply lamented by al who kn to, hz On the tt inet at tocklad, Devo , untveral respeced e Watly, eq ged71 DurIng a onnlddrmble time B2r. WA,ljay held the office cof inlcIal Asoignee at Newcoatle-on.Tyne, and on resigning tappontment In consequence of M-healtb. ze wag przeent Withg A zuamorta expre1e. ve of tteem ad regret, slo oged by nearly every rolicitor resident In the ilsaltic. The deceasd wasbohrt h Coroner for Middlrsex and ex.M.P. for Finsbury. oh;toti On the 11th Inst, at his residence, Thorneloe Vila, nea Worcesbte John Rohertg, Emq. On the I1th let., a er four daa'inbee, at his reddence, 82, GraIr8ohurce street. Mr. gharles Buddo boot amd shoo agent, of 6, Half Mooa.paseage,Gaocrh.te. On the 12th bat., at Cliton, aged AI hilip Neeld Patten, omdo, Don of colonel P'atton, InspectIngr AIbIde-MOfer, BrIstoL. On the 15th inet., William Skeat Creasy, aged lease, the eldest gon of William sakd Frmm Cream, Usrehuton, Surrey. On the 12thL nst., At his residence, Rinseton-upou.Tham~es, Thomas k-bicke Faq., in the 73d year of his age ; for ne,rry, So yearn a mawgle. aeofthat borough. On the 18th Inst., at 4, Croberes Cottages, BlaokwAui, ages 24, panny Aunne Eitobman, daughter Of Charles Edward Hitcehan REq., lase of ,~Omeret htouwe, and lVeteraburgh-place, RaInsrater. On the I7th inxt., at Clifton, Eleanor, widow of the late Henr Mlers, Esq., of TAurence Weston, Olocestershire, Onx the 13th lost,. at Sonth-etreet, Leomtoater, In the I9thyr of hber age, Anime, tho second daughter, of Everehed ChaDman, ?v.aq. On the 11t iort, at St. Margaret.'s Pank, Rochester, mnost deeply laimented, Anne,* Tdow of the late Lteut.-Ool. Donaldson, Grenadjierj Guuads aged 72. On the 14thL inst., at the house Of his brother-in-law, Atkins-road, Clapham-D.rk. Mr. Samuel Ploole GrIffi, of Pornies, age 1o. On, the 14th Inst., at his residenoe, 13, Newlnston-place, Kennlngtoo. road Thomas Innocent Russell, aged 6?. On the 14th InAt., at MuIrose Hall, Putnay-heath, the residencoe of her eon beloved through life, and nuow degpy lsamented, Snphis Sarab, zeitctoi the late L. T. Bbabe Beaumont, Iaq., aged 84. On the 14th Iuet., At IS. St. Mary's-terrace, Paddingeon Henry Fea. won Perry, Infaut aonl of D)r. johia GuiseWeslrocott. aged 8 months. OR(n the 14th tort, At Norton VilIA, nea Swansea, In her Bid year, Hariet Sophia, relict or Henry Andrews, Zeq., of Wrestroes QIa'or- hb,jwCapt. 24th Regiment, and dagherofthe late Cape Rmmbrctt, uC.N., of Lradrooke, in the counaty or Warwick, On Sunday, the 18th lust., at Richmnoud, Surrey, Charles Woodforde, Z$q., late Of Her Majest's Treasury, In the 18th year ofI his age, On Sunday evening, In Oxford-street. London, having nearly ocoapleted her 78th year, Mary Ann Hedges, widow of the late Killing Worth Richard Hedges E5q, of Suetbury, Middlesex. On the 18th Inst., in Gillinham.rte,i, PLmlon, George Green, E,q., aged 84. On the 16ith tors. at 14 Prinod's-terrace. ZHyde-park, Isabella, wid6w DI the Itat George jedle;y, Faq., aged 78. Ou the 18th Inat., at his residenoe, 10, Na9sattstreet, Soho. Mr. Hy2~mer, aged 72,deylmne by his numAerows fAmjIlys and wg On the 16th Inst., At Woodberry vale, Stoke Nowlington. Ifter a abr.'t Ilnees, Caroline, fourth smriviubg daughter of the late Edward Trapp 1'llgrm, FAq., of Mount Radford. near Exeter. Onte18th toust, at U1, Addlngton.place, Camberwell Mr. Angus 111cdonald, widow of the late lenut. Angus mMaconald, Bi Ih landers,Bgh Onx the 18th lust., '-I. her residence, Clapham-eommon mus Ann Whiting, in the B2d year of her age.
X,E=Y-MBARKFTaTiOITYINTBLLIaENCEE Monday Evening. h The intended summoning of Parliament is the most satisfactory announcement that could have i accompanied the suspension of the Bank Charter I Act, While the causes of that event are fresh they mnust be thoroughly sifted and exposed. In England every contract is made in gold. Any nman who comes under an engagement to pay a certain sum on a certain day pledges himself to deliver so many sovereigns. He cannot be released jrom this except by the consent of the other party, and consequently nothing can be a legal tender in discharge of debts but gold. Gold, therefore, is the true currency, and every attempt to substitute anything else is simply an attempt to break a contract. Government may logallze such a process, just as it may compel a man who is entitled to 20s. to ta,ke ]5s., or instead of a horse that has been sold to him to receive a cow; but It can do this only at the expense of every principle of public morality. When the Bank Charter Act was established, it placed England upon the footing of having an entirely metallic currency. The total circulation was about 36,000,0001., and thenceforward no additioa to or subtraction from that amount could take place except precisely in accordance with the natural flow or efflux of the chosen metal. Here was something apparently inviolable. It made no difference that the 36,000,0001. comprised certain existing notes, namely, 14,000,0001. of those of the Bank of England and 8,000,0001.of those of country bankers, and that these, instead of being actually representatives of gold in hand, merely represented credit. It was enough that an assurance was given that this element of credit would remain at the point fixed, and 'would never henceforth be allowed to fluctuate. The movements of gold for the future would exclunively regulate every transaction. Rence this act placed us virtually in the happy position of a nationwith a pure curren cy subject tono disturbance from the caprices, injustice, or exigencies of Governments, and varying only in accordance with its natural supply. 'Unless any one can be found to contend that a person who has contracted to deliver one thing may be allowed to sub8titute another) aU mankdnd wiU admit we had thus attained a perfect system. Every engagement being based on gold, gold was to be left to its natural course. No man who had contracted to deliver it wpuld be subjected toany other risk than that resulting from the legitimate variations in its market -value. He might find, when his payments fell due, that the use of it was worth 10 per cent. per annum, or 3 per cent., but that would be a risk voluntarily undertaken when he entered into his conxtracts. What he would lose the other parties to the contracts would gain, and vice versd. Government could no more interfere with justice to alter this relation than they could seek to give relief to a man who had promised to deliver a quarter of wheat on a certain day, and who found it inconvenient to do so, because he had accepted 50s., and the price had meanwhile advanced to 80s. But it appears that this question of the power of "relaxation" is now to be finally raised. The power has already been twice Ulegally exerted, the Government taking the responsibility, and Parliament will be called to decide if it shall be permanently established. The proposition is simply whether the Minister or certain Commissioners hall be delegated to declare, whenever it may appear to them expedient, that all debtors who may have committed themselves to make payments In notes representing gold shall be allowed to substitute notes representing credit, thus injuring the prudent creditor who has calculated that at that time the demand for gold would be such as to render his position one of great advantage. No doubt, If the Government letter had not appeared on Thursday, money would have been worth 20 or 30 per cent., owing to the general panic that would have been created; but is it to be henceforth a law of the country, that in all cases of disturbance of prices from panic and miscoiduct Government wrill step in between those who would respectively gain and lose by that panic, to the benefit of one party and the Injury of the other? If so, the principle must be applied consistently; and the farmer who has made an improvident contract to deliver grain, or the manufacturer who has promised goods, must, if ever he should be threatened nith ruin by an intervening rise of prices from wild alarm at a possible failure of crops, or a deficiency of raw material or labour, be entitled in like manner to such a suspension of the law relating to contracts as will extricate himn from his painful situation. But for the events of the past week respectively in London and Paris, which should teach us modezation in criticizing the financial ideas of our neighbours, it might be said such a isystem would be more in harmony with continental than English views. It willl, however, be urged that it would be foolish to sacrifice the entire interests of the country to national pride and consistency, and that, although in strict theory Governments should never interfere with the voluntary contracts of individuals except impartialy to enforce them, it would be better Uf we are not sufficiently advanced for such a state, rather than that everything should be brought to chaos, that a master in the shape either of a Finance Minister or a Bank Commissioner should be allowed to interpose and say, "T This confusion must be stopped. I will now adjust your relative claims so as to give 'relief' to one side against the other. You are unfit to be left to your selves, and it is time for me to step in." Before adopting such a conclusion it will be the duty of Parliament-i, to inquire whether there is no way even for Government to interfere in a crisis except by tampering with and debasing the currency . and, 2, whether it is not through the conviction on the part of fraudulent traders and reckless money* lenders that this tampering will always be resorted to to throw the consequences of their own miscon duct upon the country that we find ourselves periodically disgraced by such events. If the Government choose to interpose the credit of the nation to help the imprudent against the prudent-for amid all the verbiage about giving "rellef to trade," the "springs of industry," the pressure of "the screw," and so fortb, it must be remembered that the result of an internal crisis is simply to frce one portion of the community, -who allow themselves to be drawn into a panic, to part with their property at a sacrifice to another and more clear-headed portion who find themselves in a eondition to buy it,-this credit can at all events be givenin its true form, andneed not be infused to adullterate the wholemassof ourcurrency. Treasurynotes, bearing interest if necessary, would prove the true mnedintu What would be done by the people of Hamburg, where the currency is purely metaUic, supposing they found it impossible to carry on trade with discount at 10 per cent., which happily they do not, although comparatively their American losses have been heavier than our own ? Would they 5ssue false coins to mix with the existing circulation? Obviously their only resource would be to put out notes, honestly carrying their character upon their face, and avowedly representing credit, and nothing else. The grand and final question, however, is, are we really so ignorant and immorai in the management of our trading affairs as to need any paternal State contrivances to keep us from going -wrong or to extricate us when our folly would otherwise bring its natural warning? A greater libel on the nation could not be proclaimed, and before Parliament sanctions it by placing Zs under the disxetion of a Ministor asrmed with a "relaxing power," let them thoroughly invesa ligate the secret histoty of our present position. They can call witnesses, who are prepared to unfold the whole, and they will find that the reputation of the country has been sacrificed in order that the consequences of the most unscrupulous conduct might be thrown anywhere rather than upon those who deserved them, and that a system of fraudulent credit, which would render fair trade impossible any-- where, instead of being brokeu up for ever, might be again resumed, to the immenEe profit of its principal supporters,and so as to lead in another 10years to the same disgraceful result. The charge ir that credit to the extent of millions has year after year been granted by large provincial joint-stock banks, and other establishments in Scotlaud and England, to the lowest class of speculators; that the power to grant thin credit has been obtained from London, where the money-lenders, holding all the floating balances of the community, have employed such balances more or less in re-discounting the disreputable paper thus manufactured; that, although the balances in question were liable to be called for at an hour's, or at most a few days' notice, these houses were well aware that, in case of any sudden prssure or discredit,they had no means of meeting such call; and thattheonlyreal security of alarge mas of the paper they had taken consisted either in the liability of hundreds of unsuspecting shareholders, which could be enforced only by long processes at law, or In a realization of sugar or other produce which they had asristed their proteg6s to hold, and which at such times would be almost unsaleable; and lastly, that, with the knowledge that under such circumstances their whole system would be brought to a crash unless they could force the Bank of England to step into their shoes, they resolved, in reliance upon the precedent set by Government in 1847, to accomplish their ends by abstaining from any precautionary sacrificea, by spreading universal alarm, and by threatening the Bank and the Government with a general stoppage. It is also asserted that the principal parties in the movement-already celebrated for analogous proceedings in 1837 and 1847resorted, not merely to influences of this description, but to subterfugers expressly planned at the eleventh hour to embarrass the Bank and to render panic unavoidable, such as would be deemed incredible in any comnunity where the decencies of truth are supposed at all events to be externally upheld. Let these things, therefore, be examined at once, and let the persons themselves be summoned to give their own explanations and attempt their own justification. The Legislature can then decide whether the laws of the country shall be modified to enable such practices to be perpetuated, or whether It shall be announced that those who for their sordid purposes supply capital to adventurers of all descriptions, trusting to escape from loss by the final responsibility that can be enforced against the aged mnen, widows, and orphans, as well as the more " wealthy" sections of the proprietaries of the broken banks they have encouraged, must henceforth protect themselves, and that, if any of the trading community choose to be entrapped into a common convulsion, the only "relief" they are to expect must be such as they can derive from recognizing the wholesome lesson which, under the natural relation of cause and effect, has at length been rigidly conveyed to them. The funds opened this morning at the closing prices of Saturday, but some large sales by the Bank broker subsequently caused a depression. On the whole, however, the market continues to exhibit extraordinary firmness. The first trasactions in Consols for money were at 891 to 1, and the price at the official close was 891 to J. After regular hours there was a further decline, and bargains were effected at 89i to J for money, and 891 for the 7th of December. The rate for short loans on Government securities was 9 to 10 per cent. Bank Stock left off at 211 to 213; Reduced, 87; to i; New Three per Cents., 88q to i; India Stock, 211 to 214; India Bonds, 60s. to 40s. discount, and Exchequer-bills 18s. to 13s. discount. The demand for discount at the Bank to-day was again extremely heavy, and it is presumed that the infringement of the Act of 1844 must have made further considerable progress. The transactions ix foreign stocks have been moderate, and show no marked change. Turkish opened at an advance, but afterwards receded, and closed the same as on Saturday. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 99; Chilian Six per Cents., 101 ; Mexican, 18 ; for the account, 18k; Peruvian Three per Cents., 52; Portuguese, 43; for the account, 42i; Spanish, 40g ; for the account, 40 ; ditto, New Deferred, 25i ; for the account, 24k; Turkish Sit per Cents., 88 and 87k-; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 97; for the account, 97, 96k, and 97k ; and Dutch Two-and-a-Ralf per Cents., 64 and 63k. In the corn-market this morning there was a decline of between 3a. and 4s. from the rates of Monday last. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 45c. for money, and 66f. 50c. for the end of the month, showing no alteration. At Hamburg the rate of discount has receded to 91 per cent. A further total of about 130,000 sovereigns has been despatched to Ireland to-day. It has been intimated by telegraph that a very considevable sum in gold may be expected to return from Scotland to-morrow morning. The suspension has been announced of MVIessrs. Bardgett and Picard, an old house largely engaged in the corn trade. Their liabilities are stated to amount to about 120, 0001., but the prospects of liquidation are not yet known, heavy sums being due to them from America. The books have been placed in the hands of Messrs. Turquand, Youngs, and Co., the accountants. The Paris letters mention two mercantile failures, the firms being Bourdon, Du Buit and Co. and Ponson, Philippe and Vibert. The liabilities, especially of the latter, are rather extensive. Atameeting of creditors of Messrs.Wilson,Eallett, and Co., whose suspension was announced on the 2d inst., held at Liverpool on Friday, it was resolved to wind up the estate under inspection. It is said that the arrangement for the Cunard steamer Africa, which left Liverpool for New York this morning, to call at Cape Race, so that the news of the suspension of the Bank Charter Act might be telegraphed from Newfoundland, has been defeated by the Admiralty agent not having attempted to send the requisite authority to her commander until two hours after the vesel had sailed. The Vanderbilt, however, which left Southampton yesterday, has been ordered to touch at that point. The Seringapatam left Melbourne on the 15th of August with 12,180 ounces of gold, and the Essex on the 5th of September with 105,255, together valued at 469,7401. The Great Britain sailed from Sydney on the 3d of September with 5,7121. The Robert Lowe steamer,with troops, had arrived at the Cape of Good Hope on her way to India; also the Beechworth sailing transport. This news has come 9,id Ceylon. The mail from the Mauritius is stated to be on board the same vessel as the Australian mails. La Plata West India steamer to-morrow takes out 18,1001. The Albambra will also take-out to the Peninsula about 10,0001. The'financial agent of the Portuguese Government publishes the particulars of the conversion, under the decree of 1852 and the laws of the 1st of June, 1853, and the 26th of July, 1856, of bonds and other securities of the nominal value of 3,166,3041., making the total converted up to the 13th of November, 1857, 9,487,19o1. The dividends are advertised of the Sardinian loan and the Brazilian Five per Cent. (1843) and Four-and-saHalf per Cent. (1852) stocks.
RAiLWAY AND MIN2TrG SHARES. Afonday Evening. The railway-market opened buoyantly at the late advance, but subsequently gave way, the fiaal prices at 4 o'clock showing a general decline of 1Us. to 25s. Caledonian receded 30s., and London and North-Western were 10s. lower, from an appreheasion that a serious competition is about to be commenced by the Great lTorthern. Berwick and Sheffield were wvithout alteration. A reduction took place in Great Western of Canada, and Grand Trunk, which at one period touched 37, left off at 35 to 36, or 10s. lower than on Saturday. East Indian continue firm. Tn foreign descriptions a slight fall occurred in Northern and Southern of France, Dutch Rhenish, and Lombardo-yenetiau American securities were rather active, and Illinols Central advanced. A moderate amount of business was transacted in mines - East Basset closed nominally 51. higher, and 4eneral Mining Association marked 15. In joint-stock banks London and Westminster and London Joint-Stock were chiefly dealt in, in both cases at lower prices; English, Scottiah, and Australian Chartered left off 5s. higher. Miscellaneous securities were in some request, and an improvement took place in London General Omnibus and National Discount. Canada Land, however, receded, and there was a recovery of 11. in Peniasular and Oriental Steam. nPMMT Al&V aTTADV9 *,,,i
TRADE REPORB. Monday Evening. TALLOW.-The market to-day closea very flat at 49g. on the ot, 48s. for axi the year, 49s. for January to March, and,o., rto 5os. d. for March alone. Annexed are the particulars of stookq And nrh' - ABRJVAI JOSt THE w. ; . .. .. .. .. .. 14J26 Cas With regard to the general state of the trade, Messrs. Colohester and Woolner report:- " The tallow-market was much depressed in the early part of the week, and for immnediate delivery a transaction was reported at 47s. on Thursday morning; but the moment the Treasury order was knowa tho price advanced rapidly, and 50s. was paid for the same delivery, and 52s. 6d. for March ; the heavy arrivals, however, have again caused the market togive way, with a strong disposition on the part of holders to selL The latest account from St. Petersburg reports the shipment at 104m. ; the season was considered closed. To. day the market in 'dat, with very little disposition to buy; for allthe year, 48s. od. is the nearest price at close; for January to MTarch there are sellers at 50s.; MEarch, bls. 6d.; onl the spot, 50s.; 493. 6d. South American; 46s. 6d, Au4ra. Uan beer; 51s. 6d, town tallgw, pet pash."
IUZL WAY ISNTZLIGENCE. N- 7nOR.'r- ZRr.TZl'rr The direotors of this company state in a special report to theshareholders that, in accordance with the resolutions unanimously passed At meetings of the comppny held on the 17th of August and the 18th of September last respectively, tbey have prepared the measures then sanctioned for the Parllamentary~ session of 1858, the mot im-. poreant being the jiawick and Carlisle Junction Railway and Branches BiHl. The directors have also introduced into the Leith Brauoh Amendment Bil powers to consolidate their various Act of Parliament and equalize their rates, in accordance with the desire which had been expressed by Lord Redeale. All the notices required by the standing orders vere now published, and the plans and sections were ready to be lodgea on the 30th inset The directors impress uhon the shareholdes the paramount necessity that exists for the tmmedu.ae occupation by the North Beitish Railt Ka Company tf the route from lawtck to Carlisle. They state that f it ba satchedifrom them by the Caledonian Company the opportunity Of converting a non paoing branch lIe to earnck into a remunerative railway for through traffic would be gone for ever, and that it ras equally clear that the ncrth traffic, diverted from the east CoaSt at Enottlngley to Carlisle, would be loet for ever. On the other hand, th diret com municration to Carlisde ounld not faic to p roduce rn ample dividend upon the newr mileage, and an immense auoession of traffio upon tne zestern portion of the North British systems which now pa.s so ilL. The directors strongly advise that the new capital shold he takennup by tha indi idnal share- olders of the North Britlsh Company to Rsuch an extent as, combined with local subncriptione, may render any irge euocoachment on their hrpluh capitld, or additon to their guaranteed stock, unneoessary. The proposed line is to ioin the North British rnalway at Hawick, cross the Teviot, and pass through the vaUleys of the Shitrig and j idde to the Caledonian Railway at rockeliffe about 4' miles north of Carlisle. At Riccarton, it is to form a junction with the Border Counties Railway 13xtension. From the matn line branches are to diverge to the Canobie Colliery, to the Glasgow and Sonth.Western Bailwvay at Gretna-green, with a snur to join the Caledonian PRilway there; and from Bockocliffe tit s intended to form a juncOtiOn with the Port Carlisle Bail. way at Kirkandrews, with a spur northwards to the oaledonian Railway. The length of railway and branches wfill be 50 milei4 of which 1 miles only wil be laid with single rails, The estimated capital is 495,0001L, and the average coat under 10,000l, a- mile. The line is to be workted for 40 per cent. of the receipts by the North British Company, and it is estimated that the gross trafrio on the line will amount to 70,0001. a-year. The Caledonian Railway Company are also oro* motinga railway for local purposes from their maimabo near Gretna, vid Langholm, to Hawick. If the North British project i Liddesdale be granted by Parliamont it will maxe, when completed, the third line of railway between 1Edinburgh and Carlisle, TRAFFIC RETURNS. hUe L Pas her- TotaL TotaL aways oSen. te . chdise. 1857. .18 Week eding Nov. .a Xortbem otf rance . - ..13316,, 29, . 42,736 .. 37,418 Week ending Nov. 14. London, Brighton, & BcnUt CORAt .. .. .. I 10,81 : 3,281 13,862 13,449 South-Eteam . .. - - - 16,510 18,341
(IQLUNIAL LI?E ASSURASCE COMPAZAY. fAdvertiem-nL I The 11th annuDa general meetng of this company was held wtbln the Oompaue'g heaa office. No. 5. Georoe.treet, Zdinburgh, on Arost. day, the ad day of ZNoveinber, 1857. WilIlain Jazues Dunoan, Md~ manager of the Natioal Bank of Bcotlaud, In the chair. The repost by the auditor, the balance sbeet of the ocmsauy' e&fals a at 25th of MaSy, 1857, and various statements exhibitig tte progrem sad position oftb company, also a repor' by the directos, were sabmitted to the meeting. The foDowing are tbe realt as ated In the report.- The amount of new Assuranoe% effected during the yeara Wu £X314.)O 8 0 The correepondinc annual Dremlu;s *:' * 11,057 2 3 The amount Of claims by death durn g the year was., 17,319 17 0 The socnmulated fund, as at the 25th of Ma, 1857. amounted to . . 25%453 It . Ibe anrnal reveinue, after dednotilo of aassluranoeesa 1~1 abandoned., surrendered, or otheriwie eanOelled, as ae tthel thot May. 1857, was ................... .. . . . ° 801 The total aruacee in toroe, asat the 25th ot May' 1857, amounted to .. .. ~~~~.. ,8299215 6 The,foallowingateablewere also suhm;ted in further iustton of the stfatory PrOges ol tho Oompsny: xuu tUhirmhu b n( oun to the meettng on ttle poition of the coDdanSe, affasSo referrbng moreo PtcnaIY to *hen coatlneaned atstotor, eorelt of ite operations, and the limited extent of mortalty ,o,eI,,edn beong the lves assnred. BOe as0 took the opportunity of *tating that the deaths In India, oon odent on the unfortnnate o tstt of affaiS In that oonntry. had only brought clmaim on the company up to the latest aat. s, to the eztent of shout £3,00. He likewise referred to the approaching second divison of profits in 185, ad epreseda hpe hatallintresedIn the insttittion would leinbmo b, 6r Gaorge -stret, Nov. 2 t 18hat7 o any assratcon pan wichha prceed t.
WEBI 'UTURE GOVERNMgTT OF INDIA. f kdvo.rt'com,,t 1 The Executive Comsnlttee ef the Society f or the Liberation of ehuligon from State Patronage and Control having regard to the generally-admitted saeoeselty ot modMfying to a 1 srge extent the "o vernmrent of India, and deeming It highly important to place upoa a sound basgs the relation of the ruling authotity to the religions of the peple,. think it expedient to record their views, so fax as the o1'-ject and principles of the Society require an expreorion of them, In tha following Minute - 111. It is undoubtedly a maatter to he earnestly 4selred that the Governmynt of the British Possessions in India should he framed and conducted upo an acknowledgment that such posseeeson. axe heldt In trust forthe bitest benefit of the Inhabitants for the faithftl disebarge of which, this nation to roepxesthle to Almghty God. A due regard t 'that trust witU recogniz the Spirtual as well as temporal Intereete of the people and wil seek, by personal eXAmIDle On the past of these who a,s VKp nant orit by the principles upon which the 1,11 laws of the coentry are bSeej. and by the spirit in which the law is caried Into effert. to place the Chriatian religion in as favourable a, light In the, eyes of the natives as Its divine origin and intrinsic excellencetleserve. "12. The committee consider it to be the duty of the Governmentk keepinggiu view the high object it Is bound to oubsesve, to give the follest protection to Chrititan rnls*lonary enterprise, to shield from all wrrong to their persons or their property those who are engaged In the attempDt to evangelize the population, to secwo from all injury by wilftul. misxhief the churches, chapels, colleges, schools, and other effecta necessry to the prosecutIon of reUlgous objects, and to allow oftnotrmped imeut to the free action of Christian zoal tetag thrown in the way by sisnee of authority, on the part of Its suibordinate officers. But the Govemnment h%wing thusn clearedt the stage for the unrestricted pursuit by Christiant soceties of every desomination of their spiritual purpoEes, should carefully abataln from officially IdentifyIng itsel with any of them: and, neither by centributtons from public funds, by grsnts of publio laud, by appointment to ecolesinticl oficoe, nor by the establishmenet of ecole,sastical law, should it give c-luntenanoo to the idea that to convert the natives to the Chriatian religion or to control the efforts of those who within the proper limits of law seek their n-onversion. Is any part of the business ol the 8late. 3. It will equally devolve uopn the Government to guarantee the fullest itberty of worahtD, teaching, raltslons osebration and moral efforts to proseltize, to the natives of British ludla, whatever faith they may profess-to protect the Inhaubitants from alIlinsult and injury on account of their relgion! tenets-to guard their temples from wanton desecration-anud to abetain from offering to them any mivi or official advanta6ge as a iducement to abandon, tefaith of their forefathers lBnt, on the other hand, no considerationa for the religion preledices of the natives, nor apprhension of exciting amnong them ak! oIusnons or rebellons spirit,onght to pDrevail upon the British Govern. ument in India to east a, oelberate slur uPon Christisanity, or mancrmon by officisl acts-whether in the department Of 01,11 mnifitry, or Judicial rtIs-the idolatrous, itapure, or Persecuting tenets held or rites Practised by the various races In the country. 1,4. As it Is incumnbent oL the governing authority to absetain most Scrupulously from the ezereise of the power sommitted to it in the direct suipport of any of the forms of relgion professd by Eurnopen residents In and ntiLve populatioss of the Ulztish poesessonsas in India, -that beng no part of Its duty-s-o, in the admiulatrtion of juzstice between man and man, thes specificand appropriate funiction of civit goveroment, no pies of conscience should be Dermltted± to override the ~ aln oourse of law and equity. The right, grounsded on religious oe texts,- ?.t annoy, injU7e, despol, o'r dlestroy others either intheir liberty, their Persons, or their property, should not be rexognized by any judicial court. Without doubt, the determinaLtion of the modle in which this principle may be mnost safely and effectually reduced to patice, inasmuch as it will come Into conflict -with the aLncient and utmos wisom, ut I ougt to~'~ierly ndertoodthatsuchie to be WILlIAM DWARDS hairman. 3 CARVEL ILLILIIS,Secretary.
THE OOYr TRADX. CORN EXCORANGE, MXiuKur.L. NoV. 16; lAst week's arrivals were generally abundaut. The or. ports were 250 quarters of wheat, 25 quarters of oats, and 242 sacks of flour. The receipts of English wheat were 5,402 quarters, of foreign 28,614 quarters. There ws a fair show of samples from Kent and Essex for the morning, but trade ws almost at a stand, offers of fair runs being made to millers at 4s. per quLrter less than on the previous Mdonday, with scarely anything done at a late hour. The fewsales that took plac in foreign were at a like reduction. Of flour there were 16,696 kack from the contry, with 535 barrels and 1,863 slcks of foreign. Norfolks were re. duced to 35s., at which price there were sales. Town-made were 3s. per sack lower, and American quite neglected. The qusatity of English barley was 4,862 quarters, of' foreign 10,229 quarters- 8carely anything was doing, but prices were generally reduod fuUly 2. per quarter. In malt also there was a fall of 2s. per quarter, with but limited sles. The supplies of oath were again heavy, there being 60,879 quarters foreign, with 1,0 quarters from Ireland 239 quarters Scotobh, and 717 quarters English. The quantity on show lowered pri-cs fully I& per quarter for all descriptions. Of beans there were 595 quarters English, and !,80(> quarters foreign; of peas, 555 quarters native, and 4,42& quarters chiefly from Konigaberg; beans were I. per quarter cheaper, and white peas 1. to 2s. per quarter reduced; the small quantity of maples and dun preserving their value. Of linseed there weie 4,520 quarters received, and 40 quarters exported. Prics were .gaia 25. to 3s. lower fer crughing qualities. The seed trade remains almost nominal, as nothing 4 pas3ing in cloverseed, and all other descriptions only sell in. the merest retail to neoessitous oonsumers. Arlral. ot Com In the Fort of London from Mmo 9 te `T *, CRRENT PRICES OF BRITISH GRAIN AND jLOUB IR MARK-LA24M Ditto,red .. .. rewd 430 z5 Norfolk. lncoachire, Y.2 hlre, red - Bsr1ey-Aietalnbg .... .. .. .. ,, 32-49. ChevalBer 32 -35 Distilling ...... .. . .. .2-$ Grning At- lsex. Norolk ana Suffolk * 3-2 Kngeton Ware, and town -mde .. .. 61- Brown .. . .. . .. . .. _5 Oat Englshbfee *d 19 - Soutch eed . 12- 29Potato 19 . .. Ir.l hfec. white .. .. .. 19 to S0 finje 21-23. Ditto, biselk 1S-l9 , --n 2 Ben Mzans ..r.ga . -- 3$ Ticks a5-37 Harrow- . .. .. .. .. .. . 35-3S. Pigeon ... .. .. .. .. .. .. 42- 4 es- Wltite bollers to 0-it Maple . ............... . .. .. .. .. f42 - 4 Grcy .. .. .. 40 - 4 Floisr-T ho lds,pez ack oSh8 --46 doe 4- C o u n try.. .. .. .. .. .. . 35-Ir Houceholds .. ..-.. .. .. . 39-W Norfolk and Suffolk, ex-sl . . 3-3& rOiEOllG GRAIl. Wheat-Dantdc, mixed -to 52 high llina -to qutot91 ontocberg .d. t oxe -t-x- to _ Ameriean, whto bO-b red 46e60 -_ Pomer., Mek., and Ucke8n0- , red i6 4 _ iilleAes, red .. 48-bO white - - 4 Dl)a lah eln --- ., .. - - 4 Ruuu6n, hard.. 45-5 .. .._ St.PetermborgandlgR . . 46-54 Rhine and Belgium - . - 5 Bsslea-Grndins . 1-25 Dtatiiliing .... *- .. .. .. 310 - S3. O tDuitch, brewv, uan P1'oani .. . . . 19 _-3 Dltto, feeld. . . . . . . 9_3 Din~ adweih * 19 - 2 Bens-- Friesansd and Holstein . 19 3 Bwiau ... .. .. .. . .. 1-34 Konigaberg ,. . . , . . . 1-S Indian Corn-white IS -34 Yellow 36-67 ilour- French, per aC'.. .. .. . - Americn, pser bare, sur . -5 Ditto, met; ....R .. S.EW . 3 Tam,ne berb hel . M ade ew - per b. -- Cosossuy , per q.. 0 -. -24 tnseea. Der qr., crasaln .5-66 Cake, perton . £9 10I. to -40 NU itapeeed. ceqr. .. .. ?-7 Cake,peutou 0. £6 ". to Li5 It, NEWOAST , Nov. 1L The arivals of wheat from abrod and t wheat and flour oatwisi have been modesate this week, and the trade has returned to lb late Insuniate ocditlon. At to-day'e market there w a large show of wheat from the gower The beak sample receded 1 to 2s peoquartr, whilelaferior qualities were almost unsaleable. Foreign and north Country sots in sheet supply, ad in limited request at lower rttes. Ehip llour Is per eack cheaper, with a steady rale. Melting barley diEcult to quit, aad the finest sample. were 2s Per quarter lower. Oabt reduced Is Perquarter. Other grain nominaL PRESTON, Nov. 14. The trade In wheat during the put week hu been dull and iUmited, at declining ratea. At tho Exchange here this morning there was a moderate show ot 'wheat, which was taken off pretty freely at about former currencles. Jorelan and Irish offered t a further reducUon, but without ledin. to much buainee Floor, Is. per pack lower. A limited se of oets. at a dec]lne of Id. per bushe. Oatmeal In retai demand at forme, rates YORK, Nov. 14. At to-day's market there was an extensive shw eof wheat, the tbade in which wasVe ry heavy, and for ibe beat eampies an abstement of Ia per quarter oulset week's priceshad to be taken. Barley also very flat t a similar reductlon. Oats scarye saleable at very deprewed rates. Beausunchanged. Ourrentprices:-Wheat, 62L.d perquarer;baley, 38. 9d; oats, 245; rye, 35A 6d.; bean, 49s. lId. RE1!FORD, Nov. 14. Wlth a smaller show of wheat here today the demand was languid, and the holdera of the beet samples had to submit to a reduction oC 2s. to 3L per quarter. A heavy trade In barley, and nothing doing except At a reduction of 3s to 4s per quarter. Oats pretty L. Be&n. in tavour of the bu5er. PrierS t-da :-WhUat, S75 Wd. to 52. pet quarier; bArler, 36, to 40a. ; oats, 2Sa. to 27. At the cattle-market this morning there was a goo d show of stock and meet of the bedas beirng ot exoellent quality were disosed of. seUers acoepting lower terms. A steadr trade in xshep at last weeks. rates. Prices:-Store bessts. £ to £L0 per head: mlich ows. £;G to£20; beef, 7d. to 71d. per pound: mutton, 7id. to8d. fatpigs, h 9d. to 7s. per stone; hide. 3s, GdL; tough fas. fL; steep skis, 5s. eash. KEPTEitING, Nov. 13. At thIs mornings matset holders of whet had a difficulty in efrect, Ing sle. at a reduction of 2s. to 3s. per quarter. Other kinds o! grain ruled extremely doll, and were saleable oliy at a further reduc. tioa.
HOP-MARKE7t Ar, in The demand, both on thel Part of the London brewer and ot the oDuntrY QOnentmerv, sttill continues to be deiferred and, as~ a natural re, smilt, the market I. ch%racterized by the same Isegnor whicbh aa Pro-. valfed, twore or less, to, tee leet three weeks. 'With respct to the mnr-* rency. it le perhAp% ditlicuit to obtain thetrwy eholcest Ioding growths at any Important reductf on. and the sames remark applies In some mrea. SUi toth emilproorionofgray,MidleKent. andWealidof E:est pockts,whih ar vey fne od prlctlyheathy ; but for all other deeripion prcesarequie nmoig ad adecided reduction wnal(I be nbottedtoif he~b animroed al culd be obtaned. Year.. flne ad lW~ are olnoore.parleiateiIn the general depresson. parlcnary te s~tr,whih ae ow saly btinaleat from 2la. t-
TiE AL4LS, &C.-SOUTJT5A. xTON' Nov. 14.-Thet I steamship Vanderbilt, Captain E. Eliggins, sailed from Hlavre and Cowes to-day for New York, taking out a shi maU and 1,3501. in specie. The next mails for the Unitot States from this port will be conveyed by the Fulton, Cap. tain Wotton, which leaves on Wednesday, the 18th; and for the West Indies by the Magdalena, CaPtain Abbott, om' Tuesday. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Alhaumbra, with the outward Peninsular mall, leaves on Tuesday; and the Nemesis, Captain Black, with the India and China msil, on Friday. (Advertisement.]-On the Ist of December, useful andl handsorae chri,tmaa pretent. royal evo.. Ddre I2s. cloth gilt. La.ud. Feaps einting in Water Oulors," by (orge Barnas& Prmfes3r (,E Drawitg at Rugby School, a new and greatly improvel editioa, containing 30 large drawings and alagrans In C0loUMsix ot which are new, numerous woodcut, 23 of which at, new, Ode l x o t ' dd)r tional mmater. chledy conwt'ting ot more expliaCt Infoircmen on th,s diffentmodesof workiingthestudtot o befig ur,u nof bodolnur and aweseru to the ditioeulti, tfelt r various cresponcleut, wists directionsforoopin each plte. "The diagram, lustratIngrhnew edition are worth al iteO mOlley."-Guasdian. " S mulch of tine phIlosophy 01 colour Ifxplained I, iskely ton *terest or promht tbe te a uc.o nartheds ot tbo art a ldecribe atb it ms^rveltos oe tjerayGtrto "The arodmirlable ituusirstIo11 muike Journal." One ot thboDtt w;ork, On thte: subjet,e -bra>tsy rtzhk:an. LondSon, Rilto., A4ains, and On.eow-itrt CeJ
CHINA. X OUR OW SHAN AI, Srrr. 15. The Russians have played the first card ia the game which is now to come off bere. On the 2nd inst. Count Putiatin, Vice-Admiral Aide-de-Camp, General-Governor of Amoor, Minister Plenipotentiar and Ambassador Extraordinary from His Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Russia to the Court of Pekin, landed here in plain costume and from a little boat, accompanied by a suite as unpretending as their principaL He bad left his steamer *at Woosung to coal, and took up his residence with the American house of Russell and Co. The oaly visits he aid, except return visits of ceremony, were to Xr. Beale, an old friend whose guest he b3ad beenr when atationed here before the war, aund to Mr. Hurd, the head of another of the prin-cipal American houses at this port. From these little facts some people draw conclusions as to a probable coincidence of Russian and American councils in the forthcoming negotiations. Count Putiatin left Petersburg in April, travelled overland in TO days to the Amoor, where he -found the America, a paddlewheel war steamer, built in America during the war, and sent round the Horn and across the Pacific by our kind cousins. The Count steamed down to the mouth of the Peiho, and, after delays and much diffioulty, succeeded im -despatching an announcement of his mission to Pekin. lHaving occupied the necemary interval -very agreeably in Shanghai, he is now gone north again to seek an answer to his despatch. The Armerica left Woosung juBt before the heavy gale, -and was seen standing northward making very heavy weather. The Admiral has no foroe with lim, and his embasy is evidently of an entirely pacific character. It seems to be thought here that the objects of the Russianis extend no further than to convert their college at Pekin into a diplomatic establishment, and to obtain a participation in the privileges granted to anations "heretofore trading to Canton." With an -Ambassador at Pekin they can work out the rest at their leisure. Meanwhile the odiunm of all coercive measures is to be thrown upon the English and the French. We shall see presently how this will work. The ,Count wiiU either go to Pekin, or he will be back here before the next mail leaves. If Russia gains time by this quick isolated step, she also risks. From the treatment she receives we may surely learn something that may be useful to us. The weather has broken up, and we are suffering that succession of gales which marks the change from the south-weat to the north-east monsoon. *Steamers therefore will come slowly and at much ex.penditure of coal from Hongkong hither, and sailing ships, if these encumbrances are to come, must be towed. After the north-east monsoon has settled into its steady course, there are, however, usually some weeks of fine weather, and we may still hope that something will yet be done. I believe the Pekin winter to be a bugbear. Lord Macartney did not leave Tartary for Pekin till the 21st of September, nor Pekin tlll the 8th of October. He traversed the whole of China to Canton between the 8th of October and the 18th of December. We have heard nothing here either of the French Ambassador nor of Lord Elgin. But this is not dispiriting, as, according to former computations, they are not due here till the last weekin September. Perhaps this mail, as it passes Hongkong and Singapore, may gather some tidings of them both. The French show signs of movement. . As I came here from Ningpo, we had opportunities of seeing the coast. Mly little sailing-boat sped from point to point during the intervals of light skies and moderate weather; and then, when night or the gale grew heavy, flew with half-closed wings before the howling blast, and nestled in some winding in]andereek known only to experienced opium-runners, or the native fishermen or pirates. During these devious fits of progress we saw the Capricieuse French frigate trying to make way northwards, and a large steam-transport, which we thought to be Russian, but which turned out to be also French, lying at anchor under a sheltering headland. This is all the news Shanghai affbrds. The Russian officers have, indeed, been moat provokingly candid aud circumstantial as to their means of defence at Castres Bay and Petropaulovski, and as to their escapes. It would be easy to make an amusing letter out of these revelations. But cui b(nwo? Let these unpleasant topics cease. Some Horace Walpole is no doubt telling the next age all about it. In a former letter I told you that I had established a little channel of communication with Mr. Commissioner Yeh's back parlour in Canton. IUnfortunately the difficulties of transmission, translation, and testing make the underground way very tortuous. I send you some reports, however, which I think you will find interestiig. Subsequent events have shown that I mipght have relied upon my informant's first despatch more than I felt justified at the time in doing. The proceedings respecting the overtures made by the Americana are, we now know, at least founded on fact. The blockade which was, .of course, at once instituted by the Admiral when the scheme reached his ears put a stop to its execution. In a printed publication, having something of the character of a newspaper,which is in circulation at Canton, it was stated three weeks ago that negotiations for peace, together wvith resumption of trade, have been delayed in consequence of the English " head man" having been compelled to leave for Calcutta to take part in the fighting that is going on there, and the settlement of these questions is accordingly for the time postponed, until the American Commissioner "Forbes" (!) cau come down from Shanghai. If it be true, as my informant states, that Yeh has removed all prohibitions on trade, you will probably hear of a brisk traffic being done at Macao in the teas, &c., that we know were shut up in Canton or its vicinity, as much of this and other produce can reach Macao from the West without risk, so long as the port and river of Canton are the only points blockaded. The most important, however, is -what is said of the advance of the rebels towards Canton. Shaouhing is scarcely 90 miles west of Canton, the rivtr leads direct from one place to the other, and there is no point between the two at which the passage of a force could be disputed. Our best hope that the rebels will not traverse those 90 miles must be that they know they will find only famine at their journey's end. (ranslation.) "REPORT No. 1. "On the 2Sth July Howqua visited the yamun of the G;overnor-General (Yeh), and was receivedby his Excellency in the western reception room. The interview lasted for a couple of hours (Chinese or English not specified,-one of tile former is equal to two of ours), and the attendants and every one else were excluded from it. It is impoesible, thereifore, to say what formed the subject of it. "At about 8 a.m. on the 29th the Governor-General summoned two of the linguists hefore hima, and put various questions to them, the subject of these questions being the state of affairs in Hongkong and its vicinity. He also required the linguists to bring to him an official letter that i,ad been brought to Whampoa by an American ship. As zoon as the Governor-General had pernsed this letter he ordered the officer in charge of the gate of the yaanun to inform Howqua that his Excellency wished to see him, and the expectant Taoutae (or Intendent of Circuit) Chin was also desired to vrait upon his Excellency. The subject of the conference held by his Excellency with these officers -was an application on the part of the Americans to ba *allowed to trade. "We hearthat the Americans have expressed their readi. nes to present the Governor-General with $200,M0 in the event of his permitting them tc carry on trade (at Canton) as heretofore. " On the 30th of Jaly Rowqua proceeded, by direction of the Governor-General, to Whampoa to see there the Amencan Consul and other officers, and to settle with them zelative to the permission given to the American merchants to trade at Fuhahan, Chintaun, and other places. " The Americans had another request to make-namely, the grant of an island at which they might carry on their trade with China, but the Governor-General said he coald ,deide on nothing in reference to this important matter without previously bringing the subject to the notice of the lImperor. " Letters have been received from Foochow, stating that the committee (for supplies of war) at Nantai, the suburb by the bridge, resolved on levying a tax on Patna opium of $40 per chest, and $4 per 10 catties on Maliwa and Turkey opium. "The Governor.General took occasion only reoently to inform all the high principal officers, comprising the Principal Committee for War Supplies, that as the barbarians rw desired to treat for peace some relaxation might be aUDwed in the *fict guard hitherto maintained, and that wi this view the (or certain of the) city gates might be o34n*4 and Wffio again permitta, subiequent to the la* OEthen orders, reports were repeatedly received of Shaouhing ein; greatly distressed by rebels, who, it would appear, have invested that city. Directtons were thereupon given for the despatch of some of the officers, soldiers, and braves wh' had been emploYed against the barbarians, to relieve th3) said city by extirpating the rebels, and accordingly a foroe embarked In 70 boats, under the orders of Soobhi, bound to Xaouming, a district city near to Shaouhing. This force took its departure on the 25th and 26th of July, and on the 2d inst. word came that it had sustained a severe defeat, many of the boats having been burnt, and the whole force scattered. Soohai himself was among the missng. "The 29th of July being the LEr&peror's birthday, alt the provincial authorities were in attendance at gunfire in the temple dedicated to His Majesty, where they did reverencs before the sacred tablet. For seven days-namely, from the 26th of July to the lat of august, they all appeared in pub- lic in full uniform."I "REBPOT No. 2. "The following particulars have been taken from the records in the yamun of the Governor-General:- (The first report describes the measures taken by the Governor-General to prevent the exportation of copper cash to Shanghai, his interviews with the prefect and magistates of Canton, and the orders isstted resulting in the arest of 12 of the money-changers, who, it was understood, would be sevei 'y punished, &c.) " On the 6th of August the Governor-General summoned Lin Fuhshing, an expectant Prefect, and one of the officers on the Committee for the Supplies of War. Shaouhing, it appears, has been invested by a rebel force, who, taking advantage of the swollen state of the West River, swept down past Faungohuen and Tihhing, two cities near the borders of Kwangsi province and about 150 miles to the west of Shaouhing, their advance being greatly assisted by means of large rafts constracted of heavy spars lashed together, and having fires lighted at the foremost end. Their presence before Shaouhing ocoasioned the greatest distress and alarm in that city. News had previously been received (at Canton) of the defeat of Soohai's (late Admiral at Escape Creek) fleet with the loss of 70 junksthe number of missing soldiers and officers had not been ascertained. The Governor-General's object in now summoning Lin Fuhshing was todirect himto go to the relief of that place with 1,000 of the Lin Braves (a body raised for the defence of Canton by his father, who acted at one time as chief magistrate of Shanghai, therefore called Lin Braves-the braves raied by Lin), and the Governor-General authorized him to hire 30 fast boats to serve as transports, and to travel day and night, Kwan Tapir, the military commander-in-chief of the whole province, is holding Shaouhing against the rebels with about 3,000 regulars. " On the 7th of August the Governor-General ordered the acting Tsontai Le and the expectant Prefecot Chin to take a linguist with them, and prooeed to Ta Shih and Changohow to confer with the American merchants there, but the particular nature of the basiness did not transpire. "Again, alU the boats at Chintsun, Kiangman (towns of supply for Canton and Macao), and other places, that have been lying there laden with tea and silk and other produce, have received passes from the Chinese authorities allowing them to proceed to Macao and to trade there with the foreign merohants. " The princIpal officers on the Committee for the Supplies of War-viz., the Commissioner of Finance and Commissaoner of Justice (being the highest officers of the province next to the Governor-General and Governor), had an audience of the Governor-General to discuss in an informal manner the condition of the funds at their disposaL They repnsented that they had already delivered to the committee the following recent contributions :- Taels. From the Shuntih district ... ... 150,000 From the Heang8han district ... ... 120,000 From the Sinhwuy district ... ... 120,000 As well as additional contrlbutions or percentages from other sources of ... 78,000 Total ... ... ... 468,00 "They further represented that now, while the barbarian affairs remained unsettled, the daily expenditare of the committee for the hire of junks, braves, and their eqaipments amounted to upwards of 12,000 taels, and that this sum would now be further increased byupwards of 7,500 tasels in conseauence of the additional outlay they were obliged to incur to provide means for checking the alaTruing advance of the rebels upon Shaouhing; that therefore the incomings were not sufficient to meet the expenditure, and they accordingly moved the Governor-General to appoint a deputation, consisting of a taonutai and a prefect, with 10 associates of the rank of district magistrates, tot mnake a tour through all the distriots of the province, to raise therein aU the contributions in their power, making returns of the same every three months to the Provincial Government. The proposal received the assent of the Governor-General, who said that the appointment of the offlcers who were to compose the deputation should be made en the 11th or 12th of August. "The levy of an import duty on opium both In the viceroyalty of the two Kiang provinces and in that of Fuhkien and Chehkiang has been offcially anmounced (by the Governors-General of those provinces to the Government of Kwangtung), and his Excelency the Superintendent of Maritime Customs at Canton and the Governor-General Yeh have despatched a joint memorial to the Court, begging to be instructed whether it is His Majesty's pleasure that the same course should be adopted in these provinces. This memorial was sent off in the charge of a special officer on the 8th inst. "The Le Szeting (a Tartar civilian) reported the issue of rations to the Tartar troops for the fifth month (hlay June). On this occasion 7-10ths had been issued in grain aud 3-lOths in cash, the total amount of grain being 7,600 shih, and of cash 3,200 teaon and upwards. (A shih is about equal to a picul, 1331b.; a teaou is 1,000 cash, about 6s. 8d.) "On the 5th inst. an officer reported his retun from Pekin, and that he was the bearer of a present, consisting of incense, deers' sinews (which are stewed into a sonp, a great Chinese luxury), and other things, which the Emperor bad been pleased to confer on Yeh's father. These were accordingly received in state in the Viceroy's yamun. Dated Canton, Aug. 10." (Translation). REPORT NO. 3.-NOTE OF OCCURRENCES IN, THE YA31UN OF T1IE IMlPERALA flIG1i COMMISSIONER *YE1u. "Aug. 20. " One of the Viceroy's messengers (an officer) arrived today from Pekin. He brought a despatch from the Nuywoo-foo (or office for the management of the Imperial household), stating that the Emperor had been pleased to direct that the Superintendent of Maritime Customs for the province of Kwangtung (or Hoppo of Canton) should continue to hold that appointment for another year. A second despatch from the Nuy-woo-foo enclosed eight taels' weight of pearls and 370 pieces of ginseng, the value of which, estimated at 114,000 taels, the Hoppo is required to pay into the treasury of the household. Be has given notice of his readiness to pay 74,000 taels, but has applied to the Governor-General to call on the Salt Commissioner for the remiaining sum of 40,000 taels. " A despatch was also received from the Board of War (at Pekin),urging the transmission without further delay of the following supplies for the use of the main army near Nankin :-170,000 taels of silver, 8,000 cattles of gunpowder, 1,000 catties of bullets. " The Governor (Pih Rw-ei) had an interview to-day with the Viceroy on the subject of supplies required for the army In Hoonan. The Commissioners who have to provide for the necessary munitions for that force have sent an oifficer to Canton to purohase 2,000 rattan shields and 500 foreignamuskets,and theirExcellencies had to consider whom they should depute to procure the latter either at Hongkong or Macao. "Tsang-fungn-een, the admiral commanding at Yang Eiang (in Shaouhing department), and Wei-tse-pang, commanding the naval station at Shun-tih (between the Bogus and Canton), were admitted to an interview with the Governor-General, and received dlrections to take under their orders 3,000 regulars and militia, andhaving embarked them in 5( war-boats and 30 oargo-boats, to proceed with them to the relief of Woochow with all possible despatch. " The head Committee for the Supplies of War issued 20,000 taels of silver to certain officers deputed by them to purchase at Chin-tsun and Kiang-mun 10,000 piculs of rice, which it is the intention of the committee to forward immediately to Woochow, under convoy of a force of 501 men that have been told off for the purpose. '4 The Commissioners of Finauce and of Justice waited apon the Viceroy to report to him the condition of the funds of the head Committeo for the Supplies of War. They have sti in hand 65,oo taols, but this sum, it appears is not more than sufficient to meet the demands that will be made upon them during the first 10 days of this month (August-September). They therefore suggestedthawtofficers should be deputed to visit the various districts in the vioinity of Canton, in order to secure the prompt payment and immediate transmission to Canton of fresh cortributions "The Prefect of Canton reported that the Wan-ming gate (on the south face of the old city) had been agaia opened and placed In the charge of an odicer aad guad. " His Excellenoy Swang, the Tartar Ieutenant-General of the right divis (of the gar2sonl, had an interview with the Vioeroy to eeat his aefata.e in pocuring for the 2seof he nai~ade te,be-ati-cbed to theTartr foree 1,200 jackets ot cow hk2. u 800 foreign musketa. The }["adComm7ltte4or 8uBplie/f Warwere direce to arrange for thARWAOt sO articlsthe coat, amounting to, upwards of 7,000 taels, being defrayed by the Tartar Com. mander-in-chief. August 23. "Reports were received to-day from the West (of the Province). It appears that, although the rebels of Tlihing and Fun9chuen baave fallen back, Wooohow is suffering aevorely from the long siege, and is now without provieions. In the middle of the sixth month (beginning of August) a tael (or ounce) of silver could only purchase 10 ouncoes of rice, and both soldiers and people were dving in great numbers. This slender supply of grain is now exhausted, and hides, offal, birds, rats, and other vermin are eagerly sought after as food. The sufferings of the survivors cannot be described. They make the most urgent appeals for assistance or relief of any kind, and the Viceroy haa called upon the different tradesmen and shopkeepers to contribute dried meat, dried potatoes, rice, cakes, and portable foods of that 1 nature,which are to be conveyed to Woochow as fast as they are received. A Viceroy's messenger left for Pekin with three memorials from his Excellency Yeh to the Throne, one reporting the remission of six months' taxes to the inlhabitants of Siuhing, Siuning, h souming, and other districts in the vicinity of Shaouhing; another, announcing the arrival of the Governor (Pihkwel) and his resumption of office; and the other, reporting the recent descent of the rebels upon Shaouhing, the defeat of the Imperial fleet, and the death of Soohai. " August 24. "An officer from the department of Chaou-chow.foo (in the east of the Province) reported his arrival at Canton as bearer of 65,000 taels, which had been contributed by the mercantile clases of Chaou.chow. The Vioeroy directed that the money should be paid over to the committee, and that the officer should be admitted to an audience tomorrow. " The district magistrate of Shurtik, near the Bogue, reported his arrival with 137,000 taels, being the amount realized upon the lands and property of rebels, or people in their interest, thathad lately been sequestered. The Viceroy directed the delivery of the money to the comraittee and the admission of the magistrate to an audience to-morrow. " The district magistrate of Nanhai reported the detection of certain frauds in the colleetion of the sums which the pork-butchers of Canton had been called upon to contribute. The fraud had been committed by the butchers themselves, and the magistrate was authorized to proceed against them for the sums that had been short paid, amounting to 18,000 taels." In nay last letter I ventured to point out that when England assuame the character of champion of all civilized nations she incurs some rather onerous responsibilities. If all are to share in the advantages she claims for herself, she is bound to guarantee to the Chinese that by none shall those advantages be abused. I must recur to this subject, even at the risk of being tedious, for it is a most important topic for consideration in any future treaty. Every one who looks at China from the English point of view must now be satisfied that no treaty can be worth the powder which salutes its signature if it do not stipulate that China shall become one of the great famaily of civilized nations. Foolish people treat children with alternate coaxings and flogings, and John Bull, with a certain conceited pity, has so treated John Chinaman. Treat him as a man, an,4 exact from him the duties of a civilized man, and yon will have no further trouble with him. The port of Ningpo is an example of what a hundred other large cities will be when you have obtained your object of an unrestricted trade up all the great rivers on all the coasts of China. It is what Hangchau, Chin-Kiang, and Nankin wiU be. Your direct trade is only to the immediate district, the carrying trade will attract ships from all European countries. Hamburg sends more ships up the Ningpo river than even England. Every petty nation that has a flag to lend or sell is represented either by its square-rigged ships or by its nondescript lorchas. Sweden and Denmark, and Hamburg and Holland, and Spain and Portugal, are aUl Christian nations, aU have traded, or say they have traded, to Canton, and all have flags under which honest men ar d scoundrels may equally claim treaty rights. But these nations have no consuls and no men of war to keep the peace. If an English, an American, or a French ship comes to Ningpo, she must pay her tonnage dues and get her grand chop before she can clear out. If an armed Hamburg ship comes up the river she does as she pleases,-that is to say, she pays no tonnage dues, to the obvious disadvantage of the ships of the great Powers. The other day five Europeans boarded a Chinese junk in that river, and, under pretence of being officers entitled to see her papers, plundered her of all the silver she had on board. Complaint was mads. One of the pirates was found to be an English subject-one MIurphy -he was tried before the Consul and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Several of the others were Europeans, subjects of nations represented by no authorities here; tlere was no pover to tomch them. This is a difficulty which must be met if we would not " open up China" to all the outlaws of Europe ; but it is not insurmountable. Let it be part of the treaty stipulation that no nation shaU claim the advantages of a treaty power except under conditions. Let one of those conditions be, that when that nation is unrepresented at anv port the two senior Consuls, or the Englisb, French, and American Consuls, or the Consul chosen by the other resident Consuls for that purpose, shall have the consular power over the subjects of the nation. I believe that to render the remedy perfect you must go still further, and provide that the resident Consuls shall assist each other with any force at their command in order to preserve order and enforce the provisions of the treaty. The time is not far distant when commerce wiU teach China how to defend herself. I noted these remarks at Ningpo in sight of an armed commercial steamer and four large ship-rlgged vessels, all owned by merchants of Ningpo who wear tails and carry fans. At present, however, Chinese Mandarins in this peaceful North dread all hostile contact with Earopeans who are not Portuguese, and it is rather our policy to cherish this feeling. The case of Tobin, the man who went up the country to collect " convoy money," or, in plain English, to rob with violence, is another embarrassment. The man is dead, and the circumstances are, it appears, worse than they were first reported. When he had, either in anger or by mischance, shot one of his Chinese comrades, the villagers seized him and lashed his arms and legs to a bamboo pole, passed up his back. The poor wretch's torments must have been fearfuL He could not lie, he could not sit; the thongs were eating through his flesh, and his wounds were festering in the sun. A little boiled rice was daily put into his mouth, and that was all. Six days he endured this. On the seventh he was taken to Dr. Parkers hospital, his wrists, and legs, and back, aU covered with sloughing sores. He had been tortured to death, and he died. Now, this is the most important fact that has occurred since the late war. The affair of the Arrow is as nothing compared with it. It is the murder of a British subject. There is no reason to regret that this wretched ruffian has ceased to live;but we must recollect that he was tortured to death, not because he was a robber, but because one of his own fellow-ruffians was slain. The conduct of thevillagers was in direct contravention of the treaty, and the precedent} if alowed, will apply to any E nglishman who may accidentally violate Chinese law whie in pursuit of peaceful avocations. I have no doubt that Mr. Meadows will deal with this matter with the temper and firmness it requires. The elder of the village must be made accountable for this English (or rather Irish} life as he would have been accountable for a Chinese life, and the reparation should he very public. Otherwise any treaty will be a dead letter. To-day the victim is a worthless outlaw; next year the victim's name may he Jardine, or Dent, or Beale, or Gibb, or Fetcher. As I thought the English public may like to know 'what preparations the Chinese are making in the neighbourhood of Ningpo, and wbat probability there is of a repetition of the occurrences of the last war, I deterrained to spend a few days in a survey of the scenes of our moat important conflicts. I believe that Joln Bull will be utterly disappointed of an'jthing like a fight. Ningpo itself is defended alor,g the whole extent of its walls by two guns, wi,ose explosion would be terrific and cause immed,iate destruction to all who should approach-ti ti-re them. It is said there are a thousand arldiers in the city, and the assertion is very prol-,able. But the Chinese, who invented everythir ig, invented that system of purchase which is the ornament and safeguard of our military system . They carxy out the principle further than we hw ve yet done. In China a soldier receives a certsain modicum of cash and rice, amounting pe0Uaps to 6d. a-day, he attends parade no-and th.,n when called upon, and he works at his trade af, all other times. This is an advantaaeous ,goeitiin, and the Mandarins takQ care he shall not get it for nothing. From 15 to 30 dollars, according to the demand, is the price paid for his comnmssion by a private in the Chinese army. Some time since some tall strong Shantung fellows who were out of employ wished to enlist. 'lheir offer was laughed at, and some old men and cripples whose friends wished to provide for them in the army of the Empire were duly registered. I believe that if at any momnent Commander Dew were to land his 17 Marines and proceed to the Toutat's Yaman and were to tell him that his Sovereign had resolved to annex Ningpo and the surrounding plain, and that Mr. Consul Meadows now reigned as Toutai, the old gentlemaa would simply protest that such conduct was " most unreasonable" and would be led away like a lamb. As to thepeople, they are so worn out with continual "squeezes' that a judicious proclamation would quite reconcile them to the change. CLUSAN HrARBOUR, SzpT. 9. On the 6th of September, in a boat with two ears and two eyes, a foresail and mainsail kept taut by bamboo aticks worked into them, and a comfortable cabin, built as a hurricane. house, and occupying nearly all her length, I started with a strong adverse wind for Chusan. The Rosina is partly used as a passage boat, partly to carry information, but chiefly to carry "drug"-the commercial name for opium. She belongs to an eminent commercial house, is navigated by one Europeau and a Chinese crew, has good store of Alinid rifles, always fit for service, is a good sea boat, a fast sailer, and the type of a nume- rous class. Everybody of any importance has one. of these Ningpo boats. It would take more space than I dare occupy to describe the 10 miles of the river Yung. The simple, yet effective ice-houses, and the no less simply constructed salt stores which occupy the right bank; the wood junks, each in its separate mud dock (so closely packed that there is not room for another), which line the left bank; the " frowning" batteries which are built at the end of everyreach-all deserve description. I can only pause, however, to say a word about the batteries. They are built of stone, and some of them have very powerful guns, but the wonder is that their armament has not long ago been stolen by the pirates and convoy lorchas. I have visited them all in different excursions down the river. There is no guard-house, no magazine, no sponge-rammer or worm; the iron guns and the stone walls make up the battery. A naval officer who accompanied me in one of my -wanderings was positively distresed at the forlorn condition of an English-cast 32-pounder 13 feet long, and weighing 4 tons, so mounted that a charge of a pound of powder would have thrown it from its rotten carriage. I believe he would have provided the poor gun with a decent carriage at his own expense, even if he knew that he must meet its fire next day, so indignant was he that a good gun should be so shamefully treated. At the mouth of the Yung we come to the city of Chinghai with its enormous fleet of junks which crowd the river, and its extensive artificial sea beach of hewn granite. Here are those extraordinary natural fortifications which the Chinese attempted to utilize in the last war, and this was the scene of the most tremendous slaughter that occurred. The mouth of the Yung is beset by rocky islets and sunken shoals, which make the approach difficult and the channels intricate. Each shore is commanded by a high conical hill. That on the left is sturmounted by a stone tower; that on the right by a fort and a josshouse. On a former occaaion I passed a night and two days in that Pagan temple. I slept, wrapped in my cloak, at the feet of a terrible Indian god. All night long the Abbot in his rmitre sat upon his throne turning his back upon a gigantic idol of " the Queen of Heaven," and his priests sat round the table before him. A thousand little dishes, each containing some article of vegetable food curiously cooked,preserved, or made into sweetmeats, covered not only the table, but other temporary scaffoldings erected for the purpose throughout the temple. It was a great ceremony, with a highly emblematical rituaL The prayer was evidently for a favourable harvest, for every fruit was taken up and blessed and chanted over. The picturesque scene, the monotonous mutterings, and perhaps also the musquitos kept me awake till past midnight. When I awoke in the morning the sun was invading my corridor, and priests, and food, and scaffoldings, and tables had aU vanished. But the old Indian god scowled upon u as ridiculously fierce as ever. Alas ! his divine scowl had not scared away the musquitoes. From the embrasures on the top of this Josshouse Fort I could. look down upon the scene of that terrible carnage, when in the last war the Chinese army of ten thousand men were routed in ten minutes, when the flying multitude was arrested by a line of bayonets, and when before the slaughter could be stayed one-half the number either perished. by the steel or were forced into the broad river. This lesson, repeated at Ningpo, and again on the hills beyond, has never been forgotten. In the josshouse fort there is one gun, mounted, probably,, as an alarm gun. Ther is another sunk half-way in the earth, with a British spike in it. These are the defences of the mouth of the Yung. At 4 oclock in the morning we were tacking through the islands ; at 10 we cast anchor in the harbour of Chusan. We are accustomed in England to tbink of Chusan as a fine, large island, open to the Chinese seas, where you may see the sun, with purple-coloured face, lift up his head from the distant waters. So upon its eastern side it probably is; not so as we are in the habit of approaching it. The harbour of Tinghai is a land-locked strait about three-quarters of a mile across-not unlike the Menai in some places. You might be in a moderate sized river; you have come in through a labyrinth of narrow channels, and you see no evidence of an open sea. Many a city upon a Chinese river looks more like a seaport than this famous port and harbour of Tinghai. Nothing can be more picturesque to look upon than the mountains and valleys of this fair island, which now occupies all scope of vlew upon our left. Gradual elevations, clothed with smaU hamlets and many-coloured vegetation, svrell from the strait, affording charmi3g sites for barracks and hospitals and head-quarter houses. Away behind the interior hills rise into peaks on which the clouds are resting. Narrow gorges and deep valleys runfar up inland, offeringshadyretreats in hot summer months and fertile fields in every season. The least pleasant is the flat on which the city stands. Opposite to the spot where we cast anchor the hills retire from the strait and form an amphitheatre. The interval between their base and the water is a semicircle. Let the hills represent the arc of a strung bow and the strait represent the string. The area between is the swampy marsh upon which the city of Tinghai stands, surrounded by paddy-fields and moist grounds. Just at that point of the strinlg where the archer would fix the notch of his arrow there is a hill which nature seems to have placed there to comrmand and protect the strait. Such is the natural site of the land at the port of Chusan. Along the shore of the strait, to the fuUll extent of the string of our bow, runB a green embankment. You woald think it a dam thrown up as a protection against high tides, but that at regular intervals embrasures are left. The hill which stands in the centre of the chord of our arc has been fortified with walls and parapets of stone masonry; and it is still surmounted by that same josshouse which 17 years ago obtained for it the name of Josshouse Hill. There are stone batteries also upon several of the islests; all the narrow channels are thus commanded, and there is a large battery far up the valley. Except that the harbour contains, instead of a Mandarin fleet, some 60) small trading junks, the place must now look much as it did when our fleet first sailed in-when the Chinese Admiral Po feel- ingly expoAtulated with us upon the injustice of revenging insults put npon us by the Cantonese by slaughtermg the defenders of those weak intrenclments-when the old man, with a dignity aud courage worthy of a better fate, acknowledged that oar power was too great t4 allow him to hope for success, hut declaring that his orders and his duty enjoined him to die at his post, went smiling down the side of our flagship, resigned to meet the, doom which too snrely awaited. him in its moss painful form on the morrow. If I recall the memory of these painful scenes it is to protest against their recurrence. If thew places we to be again occupied let it be done suddenly, before any peremptory orders for a desperate defence can arrive from Pekin. Not that Tinghai is, under proper conditions, incapable of defenoe. rrisoned by English troops, it is difficult to oon- eslve a place more impregniable. Approached b y narrow rock-bound channels, covered by eo'.na imandin heights, and hb s its own cRtad4!Yjil,U it is formed for a place of streDgth; but the Chinese at Chusan seem to have learnt only one lesson from the lUast war-the inutility of all defences. Yes; I think they have learnt one other lesson; it is that British dollars follow hard upon British bayonets. I landed and walked along the embankment; there was not a gun. I climbed the Josshouse lill. The masses of raaonry that look so imposing from below are all loose blocks which a shot would topple over; still no gun. In the josshouse was an old priest multtering and beating upon his little drum, another smoking his pipe, and a third asleep. A half-starved dog seemed perishing under the same vice of idleness which pervades the place, Iis diet in a Buddhist temple could not be very succulent, and his akin was worn raw from lying aU day long upon the stone floor. Sloth had eaten into his bones. Two or three Chinamen, sailors from the junks,were venting their " By yaw," as they examined the representations of the punishments of the Buddhist Hell. Not without reason, for the joss-house of Tingbai is richer than any temple I have seen in ingenious tortures. The kings of Hell sit in judgment like Chinese mandarins. The executioners are braging the victims In mortars, boiling them in furnaces, skinning them wfith knives, throwing them to tigers, squeezing them between beards, cutting them up and hanging the bita on hooks, beating them with maUets, tormenting them with hot irons-all represented in coloured plaster groups with a horrible fidelity of detail, and with an ingenuity of conception as to the instruments employedc, which would argue that the Buddhist priests are no contemptible mechanics, and that it is well for the barbarians they are not employed in the invention of warlike tormentaria. No one, not even the dog, took any notice of me. I looked from the top of the hill down into the city of Tinghai-into the suburb which extends from it up to the water side-upon the pagoda and the Artillery-hill-and upon the EDglish tombs which cover the descent of the hill upon which I was standing. Everything was swamp and paddy. Everything had the same listless, unprepared, care-abandoned air. There was not a gun visible from the spot, not a muzzle lurking behind any one of the hundreds of embrasures which I could count around. A few junks were working up the canal or river which runs from the harbour up to the city, and some others were unloading josshouse furniture upon the wbarf below me. I had heard men of the last war talk of gravel walks and parade grounds, European houses and drained spaces. No vestige of any such innovation remains. All is gone back to Chinese notions of proprietysqualid houses for Chinamen to herd in, paddy crops for Chinamen to eat. These paddy-fields were now full of water; the city also was slightly flooded. The Chinamen seemed to have clastered like flies upon the only foul spot in this beautiful island. I walked down into the English burialground. The inscriptions have been torn away from the square tomb, and the obelisk had been broken. The Chinese have crowded the place with the coffins of their own dead. A fellow who was working there at this "pigeon" addressed me in the jargon they usb for English and told me there had been an insurrection in the city two days before. The " soldiers" had assembled from their shops and had beaten the Mandarin almost to death because he had paid them their pay in the new depreciated cash. He ended by a partriotic wish that we English would come and take the island again. His English acquirements showed that he had found his account in the last occupation. If it be our policy to retake Chusan it may be done without the expenditure of a shot or a life, provided it be done promptly. I know not where else we can find a basis for nava! operations upon the coast. If we have to police the Chinese coast, or to hold power in the great inland waters, we must have a large naval dep6t, and that can be no other than the harbour of Tinghai. It will, however, be a naval dep6t and no more. Not only past experience, but also all a priori reasoning shows that Chusan can never become a place of great commerce. I had seen enough-enough, at least, for one day. It was raining a drizzling rain and blowing hard. I was racked with rheumatism, and tortured by that horrid pestilence which no one can escape, for they are the balossoms of this flowery laud-an erup- ion of boils. I sent into the city for Coolies and a chair to penetrate a little into the interior on the morrow, and I returned on board. The Rosina lay just abreast of a long low building of European or rather of Anglo-Indian build11 windows and a verandah. Part of it is now used as a Custom-house, and the rest is dirt and desolation. This was the British hospital. The man who chose that site is guilty of many of the deaths recorded in that graveyard, and also of many of those upon the Cameronian-hill. There are hills and valleys close around where at small labour you might make a little Eden. If you must be near the dirty town and the Chinese samshoo-which, of all Chinese inventions, is the most deadly to the English soldier-there is the Josshouse Hill. The British hospital is placed upon a level with the swamp, in full reek of the paddyfields, within the circuit of the stench of that filthy suburb, and in a spot where samshoo can be conveniently handed in through every window, yet we wonder in England that Chusan was found unhealthy. I had ful opportuity of contemplating this place. INo sooner had I gor on board than the breeze became a gale and the misty rain a driving storm. Then rose the tempest-a tempest such as the China Seas only can show. It lasted all night, and the next day and the next. During a momentary pause we saw through one of the narrow islet channels a large screw-steamer carrying her faunnel abaft her mainmast, struggling down under the mainland. Some one has since said it was the Durance French transport, and that she grounded on the height of the Typhoon. The .Shanghai Shippin?g List afterwards repeated this latter report. It may be so, but I doubt it. I believe it was the same steamer I saw two days later in company with the (Japricieuse frigate off Lookong. She might he the Dnrance, but we did not make her out to be aground or any otherwise in "durance vile." Whatever she was, however, she passed like a ipirit on this hurricane. Outside the typhoon was sweeping the seas and ravaging the coasts. It drove the light ship at the mouth of the Yang-tse-Kiang from her moorings, it strewed the junks about in pieces of foating wreck, it broke down walls, it cast away a three-masted English ship, and lifted a schooner over the sand of the south bank and deposited her in the paddy-fields. It dammed up the waters of Wang-poo and the Yung, and here in this bay of Chusan it put junks adrift and bands of wreckers upon the alert. The Rosina had ground tackle made for such emnergencies. She drifted at first, but her second anchor brought her up. We were fortunately in the best harbour on the coast of China. After this experience I have a right toaspeak well of the harbour of Chusan. On the night of the third day we sailed forth with a moderate wind and a bright moonlight. SEANGHAA, SzrE. 20. Since the Remi started with the mail and amy despatch we have the semi-monathly from E ngland with datea to the 28th of July. Messrs Jardine's house, in their usual g-and scigneur way of doing things, despateh a fast private steamer to. overtake the mail or perhaps tooutstrip it. So I have an opportunity for more last worles. I have nothing to chronicle, however, except the blank disappointment of aU the English residents at the news just reesived. Delhi not fallea, and Lord Palmerston's Fekin monomania strong upon him. We had hoped that LIard Elgin, sharing, as we all believe be does, the universal feeling hewe, would have obtained Bave to allow the Russians and the French to go up aud each get his kick at the motuth of the Peiho, while he staved south ana took Canton. TheRussian hat got overhis 20 days' naval koo-too. The Frenchnmn comes onvery leisarely totake histurn of huxsiliation. Lord Fgin may njow, I suppose, be expectea in p.lout a fortnight. B Oalso, with the navy of England, must daace attendasce in a sea of winter terepests. while the petty Mandarin at the mouth ol the Pekin river is calculating how long he can keep up the exhibition of the hiniffiation of the tc ba):baXians." Oh ! that narrow blue ribband of the Foroign-office. It is harder, and tougher, and ati%?r than the red tape. of tho Cireumlocution-offic4; it swathes the enr,rgiea of nations, while the red tape only cripples a elferk. The Elmperor has just taken pains, by an a nuouneement in the Pekin Qmette, to let the world *know that he is infornmed of and approves Yeh's doings at Canton. Franee and Russia have no Meus befli-they haviw no factories destroyed, no Steaner- taken and burx, no proclamations of head Wlaney to resent. Th,y have their quarrel to seek, aud they go ip, thersfore, and offer their faces to OhAslnitur W. %'e aeai sXicsition of that valorous individual who Baid, "Sir, you hate tweaked my nose, you have kicked me bebind, you have knockk. my hat over my eyes I Take care, Sir; you ntay go too fsr; you may rouse the sleeping lion 1" Oh for one three monthis of the elder Pitt ! He woould have telegraphed-"Take Canton and hold it with your present force." And it would have been done; for, although the authorities here are afraid of " Her Majesty's Opposition," they are not afraid of Chinamen. With Cantoa taken, and some gunboats at Tien-sing, we might write our own treaty and have it sined in three months. But no; years, aud millions, and perhaps fleets, certainly human lives, must be sacrificed to the pedantry of diplomacy. Somehow or other those six black rains who are reputed to be the genii of Canton city seem to have obtained seats in our House of Commons. Then we are told that sailing ships can carry troops faster than steamships, and, judging from the choice made, we are also to believe that regular old water-bruisers with indifferent antecedents are better than good screw vessels. I find that some people here know, or profess to know, something about these ships-what one of them was sold for, and how many times that amount her charter to China will bring, what happened to another of themn, and so on. However, let us hope that they Mill bring us our 1,500 malines out in time to eat their Christmas dinner in Canton.
CRYSTAL PALAC9 CONOERT& The 'winter concerts" have begun, and apparently are prospering. At the firz a symphony by M. Gounod (complete) was a novelty a well as an attraction, some exoeent singg by Miss Stabbach varied the orchestral performances, and tbe 5th and most elaborate of Beethoven's pianoforte ooncertos was performed with the utmost suooessby Herr Pauer, one of the raost acomplished foreign " clsidcal" pianists resident in this country. At the aecond concert, on Saturday, the programme was composed of equally good materials. The music-room is now so eTectively enclosed that It forms a separate department; and it remains at the option of visitors to corit their tastes and inclinations, and either listen to the performance or not. Such being thecase, it iswiso policy on the part of Herr Mauns, director of the band (which we regret to find decreased in numerical strength), to make concerts harmonize as far as possible with the general design of the Crystal Palace as v. " temple of art." We have now whole symphonles instead of fragments of symphonies, and the rest to match, so that those by whom musio is regarded from a serious poiat of view, as something more than a temporary recreation for the careless pleasmre-seeker, may indulge their predilection undisturbed and undisturbing, and bear the works of the great masters for the most part well performed. The programme of Satirday's concert may afford some idea of the sort o£ entertainment novw presented:- Synphony in.G ..aydn. Gavatina, " Oome into the Garden, Mfaud," Mr. Oh%rlee Braham .. .. .. . sBale Pianotorte Concerto, 0 mlnor, Mss Ara- balla Goadr .. .. .. .. .. 0ot. 8aberzo .. .a, .. . Meoaoun. Reaitattye and air, " Death of Nelsoa," 31r. Charles Brahan .. .. .. .. Braham. rantasia, pianotorte,"iome, aweetaome," Msbs Arsaelli Goddard .Thslberg. Overture. Williama TeU" ..oinL Haydn's symphony was welcome, not only on account of its merits as a fresh and genial inspiration, but because it is very seldom performed. The schezo of Mendelsohn is an abridgment of the] middle movement from his renowned OttdUo, arranged for the orchestra as far beck as the year 832 expressly for the Philharmonio Concerts, and substituted in place of the original minuet and trio belonging to his first published symphony (in C minor). Both Haydn's work and this were played with spirit, under the directirn of Herr Mannas; but the last especially suffered through the intonation of certain instruments, which, from some cause or other, were too flat from end to end. The concerto of Mozart, in which the wind instraments are assigned so important a share, didnot escape from this apparently chronic infliction, and nothing less than Miss Goddard's very fine execattin of the pianoforte pari could have afforded compensation for suoh a drawback. Her reading of the slow movement-in which the melody seems to flow from a spring that is inexhaustible-was &% genial and unaffected as anything we remember. In the elegant piece of M. Thalberg, where the orchestra was unemployed-although the performance of the pianlst was not a bit more perfect than in Mozart's concerto-the effect, for evident reasons, was all the more completeand satisfactory. The familiaR melodyof "Home, sweet Home" was given with exquisite simplicity, and, in the midsb of the elaborate passages with whieh h. Thalberg has so profosely " embellished" it, never once lost its charm, being sustained from first to last with as much appareno ease as if there had been no difdculties whatever to contend with. This performance was encored by the whole audience, and repeated with increased effect. Mr. Charles Braham was deservedly successful In both his songS, and in his father's " Death of Nelson,' which he declaimed with uncommon energy, was honoured by a recall. " Come into the garden, Maud"-one of the most popular of Mr. Balfe's recent prodactions-was, nevertheless, stiU morn entitled to praise, since, with less physical exertion, a more legitima'ely musical effect was produced.
THE ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH CABLB. PLYMOUTH, Nov. 14. The North of Europe Steam Company's packct Leipsic, Captain Rivers, which has been employed in recovering the submerged cable, arrived here this morning and proceeded to Keyham-yard. The operation was commenced by Mr. Bright, the engineer, on the 22d ult. The heavy inshore cable was under-run from the station at Valencia on a cat3mnaran, formed of a timber framiing bearing a. saddle fixed between two long iron buoys; this was towed by the stesmer. At a distanco of five miles, which was attained on the 31st of October, the gales having interfered with the work, the bearings wers taken, and the wire was attached to three chain-cables, fitted with & buoy, at a short distance apart, for connexion with the ocean line to be laid next spriag, when operations will recommence. On Thursday, the oth inst., after the wind had abated, the steamer went 10 miles out, grappled the light cable, and commenced hauling in, with the aid of a small engine on deck, which was calculated, with the machinery attached, t, d r4v about two miles per hour in fine weather, and a: -ilo and a-quarter wbea there v-as much, sea on. About .;;; miles of the ocean wire-and the remainder of the inshore cable about fivo miles-were thus recovered. At n-qua-ter past 4 o'clock on Friday, the 6th inst.. when a heavy swell and sea prevailed, the wire parted. The bottom there vas rocky, and it is net improbable that the wie, which is capable of bearing a strain of four tons, was brolen by the uneven character of the ground; the drift of the steamar making very little way with the wind on her. quarter would tend to bring a heavy strain upon the cable if it lay in a cleft. The weather was ver7 rough and unsuitable for the work-the Atlantic swell being always heavy at this season; and the recovery of the remainder must be postponed until next spring, when a small steamer will be sent 'o meet the Agamemnnon,. and to assist in making the splice with the shore end. It is very satisfactory. to know that the subtnerged wire bears no appearance of injury,nd the whole of the recovered cable can be used again. There is, of courso, a httle rust on the 12 wires which protect the inshoro cable, but on rnbbing with the finger they become bright again ; none of the gutta percha coae ngs are discurl'ed, and the tarring of tVe wire seems to have stood exceedingly well. In nmanufacturingtr e inshore cable an outer wire would occ sional17 break, when the part was lashed round with smaller wize; thesa lashings are also undisturbed. The telcgraphic cable in the Agamemnon is passing.at the r-eA of about a mile per bout front her hold to the tanks. I goes through a.composilion of tar, pitch, linseed oil, and beeswax, and is coiled in circles so compact as to prevent the admission of air. About 2b0 miules are landed, and there are a thousand ye6on board. In order to facilitatethe Ideparture of the Niagara for New York her wins was discharged with greater rapidity, and a portion of it is. now passing a scoond times, but -more slowly, through the composition, to make i;s appication more complo;e. An asphaled roof covers ble tanlks, which are securely caulked to inswre the entire saturation of the oable with *%e solution, whioh wiW effectually prevent any oxidation from setting in. The old powder mnagazine on the noaih side of the6 Ksy'lam tooks is flled with tbe machinery, ::awsers, baoys, lamps, and othu stores appert7aining to the enterprise.
STATB OF TRA4DEB, GLI,SGc>W, lNov. 14. Cotton.-Du ing tho week there bas been very little bUsinesS done in our cotton marj%et but since the suspensionl of the Bank Charter Ac m a niore cheerful fFelndg bas prevailed, aud bigher prices were demanded. Yarns and Coods-In the market for goods and yarns there is an itoproved I,one, with more inquiry; but the actual business going en is very trifling. Iron-- The stirring events of the closir g week have agitated the pig iTron-nIarkt3 considerably, and a range of 5s. per ton has bEen the result. Business f, ,r warrants was done on Tues. day as low as 4Ws. cash, the price ralying yesterday to 54s., while to-day 53s. cash was ccepted; No.1 g. m.b., 53s. 6d. ; No. 3, 49s. 6d. to 50s.; G:Asherrie, 62s. 6d. Since the suepension of the Bank Carl,er Act a strong dispositionhas been shown to buy for forwArtd delivery; but sellers are shy to comnmit themselves 'in these terms.
LONDON, TUBSDAY, NOVEM3BEB 17,1857. Our readers wifi hardly have failed to remark the discrepancy in tone and spirit which throughout this eventful period of the Indian Mutinies has been discernible between the conrespondence despatched from Calcutta and that received from Bombay. The accounts from the latter city have invariably worn a cheerful complexion, even during the darkest hours of the crisis, whereas the intelligence coming from Calcutta has reflected the irritation of the European community in mingled shades of indigna'iion and despondency. This at first sight is the more remarkable inasmuch as the two capitals have experienced similar visitations of alarm and similar advantages of immunity. Both were struck with natural apprehensions at the proportions acquired by the revolt, but both have been preserved from actualdisturbance, and, if the liabilities of Calcutta in this respect were the more serious of the two, its resources were more considerable also. Yet, while every letter from Bombay, notwithstanding the defection anticipated in the troops of the Presidency, breathed unshaken confidence, the Calcutta correspondence has viewed every transaction from its dark side, and is even now but half content with the victories of HAVELocx and Wnsox. In some deg,ree this difference may be explained by the more general and protracted disorganization of the Bengal provinces, but the contrast is mainly traceable to the disaffection which the policy of the Supreme Government has produced, and which operates with immediate aud overwhelming power upon the whole European population of the capital. The chief grievance, as we have observed on former occasions, was created by the restrictions imposed upon the press, but the resentment naturally arising fromn this proceeding has now been absorbed in a general hostility to an Administration which is regarded as preferring Indians to Englishmen even at a moment when our countrymen are fighting to the death for their salvation and our own. So violent is the opposition thus engendered that, as our readers saw yesterday, even the events which in this country have filled ua with gratification and thanksgiving have been permitted to reflect but little credit upon the Government, and little promise upon the aspect of affairs in the capital of British India. Yet it scarcely needed the correctives of our Borabay correspondence to lighten the gloom of the reports from Calcutta. We could modir these sinister speculations and auguries by information of our own, and even by the undesigned announcements of the mail itself It is true beyond a doubt that the insurrection of the Bengal army has not been absolutely terminated by the capture of Delhi, nor can we deny that our grati fication at the relief of Lucknow has been qualified by the intelligence that even now, after such unparalleled victories, the heroic garrison cannot be immediately escorted from the scene of its agonies and its triumphs; but, if work still remains to be done, preparations have been made for doing it, and made, indeed, upon a scale more likely to be excessive than deficient. We are at a loss to conceive how even political disaffection, sharpened as it undoubtedly is by personal exasperation, can discern anything but the established ascendancy of the British race in the broad aspect of affairs. No minor features can affect the great and prominent result that, while 35,000 troops are on their way to India, we have broken the neck of the mutiny before a man of them has arrived. Admit that 10,000 soldiers may be required before the North-West territories can be effectualy pacified, these 10,000 are at hand, and twice as many more are behind them. If 3,500 men could take Delhi by storm and drive before them a body of mutineers stronger in force and stronger in position than is likely to be found again, what will not ten times the number of the sarne troops succeed in accomplishing? Admit that many of the mutineers got away from the city, yet many fell, and that the discouragement of the survivors must have been heavy it needs no argument toprove. Turn again to the relief of Lucknow. After all the qualitications we are forced to admit, and aU the contingencies we axe compelled to calculate, how plain and how assuring is the result ! HAvFrOcx and OUTRAN, in the very heart of a province swarming with rebels, and under the very walls of its capital, find themselves unable to escort 1,000 helpless creatures over fifty miles of fighting ground. But what have they found also ? They have found tbat, though 30,000 mutineers opposed their march, they were able with 2,500 to beat down all resistance 'and rescue the European garrison at Lucknow. This, in many respects, is one of the most remarkable achievements to which the Indian struggle has given birth. Oude is an extensive province, organized, but a few months since, as an independent kingdom; it contains a numerous and martial population, recently furnishing an army of 60,000 men from ita own resources. Though the mass of the people are Hindoos, and probably, therefore, as indifferent to the revolt as the natives of other districts, the government was Mahomedan, and Mahomedans had been naturally attracted in swarms to its service. We shall not run much risk of error if we conclude that a larger proportion of the population could be arrayed in arms against us on this territory than on any other in Bengal, and yet the whole of this opposition has not been sufflicient to prevent a force of 2,500 British soldiers from fighting its way up to the gates of the capital, and relieving their countrymen besieged there. We are warned that lAVELocK, notwithstanding his triumphant advance, may find it impracticable to return, and that the gerrison may stiU possibly be overpowered by numbers. All things are possible in war, but that those here referred to are extremely improbable is surely plain. Exactly the Bame alarms were circulated about the position of General WnIsoN after the capture of DelUi, and that of General HivELocK himself after the capture of Cawnpore. It appears reasonable to believe that whether the relievina force remains where it is, or retires towards the Ganges again, its security is equally assured. If all the insurgents of Oude could not succeed in conquering a weak and exhausted garrison of 500 British soldiers, how can they be expected to succeed against five times that number, strengthened with heavy artillery, fresh defences, and abundant provisions ? If all this force could not atop our column on its -way to Lucknow, how is it to be believed that they can do more when it is on its way back, considering that in the interval they have beer thoroughly beaten and punished ? As to the reinforcements desirable, though we are told there are " no troops to send to HAvxLocx's " aid," we happen to know the contrary. Three fine Regiments-the 23d, the 82d, and the 93dforming together a larger force than HAvn10cK and OurAz took up to Lucknow together, had actually arrived at Calcutta some time previously, and one of them, accompanied by some European cavalry, had left Calcutta for the NorthWest before the operations at Luch-now were concluded. Although, moreover, the succours from this country were strangely slow in appearing, yet we do know that two or three transports had arrived at Ceylon. Discarding, indeed, particular computations for a moment, taling a broad and comprehensive view of affairs, is it not clear that whereas we held our own when Delhi was unasailable, Lucknow inaccessible, and reinforcements thousands of miles distant, we can hardly fail of doing a good deal more now that the stronghold of mutiny has been stormed, l)ude successfully invaded, and succour announced as at hand ? We do not say that the disaffection prevailing at Calcutta is unnatural,-perhaps in the first flush of sympathy as journalists and Englishmen we might find some words to juatify it; but it is evident that the acts of Lord ClO ING and his Government obtain little chance of fair representation through such a medium. There seems much reason for believing that the whole story of the liberation of the Cawnpore prisoners rests upon uo foundption-at least, we hear not a word further about a transaction which, if it had really occurred, would have furnished matter of complaintl considerably more substantial than any which is actually produced. Under these eircumstances the public at home will receive with considerable hesitation the uncompromising denunciations of the Indian Government arriving from Calcutta. We bave said what we think of Lord CAwmNG's proclamation, but it would be unjust in the extreme if the efforts and successes of a Governor-General at a crisis of unexampled difficulty should all be overbalanced by this unfortunate expression of a poliey which we can assure our Calcutta eountrymen is not more repulsive to them on the spot than it is to Englishmen at home.
The last news from Calcutta tells us of a monetary crisis and large demands for bulUion from England. The revenue is said to be in arrear, and England is called on to supply the deficiency. But England has already borne her full share of the sufferings arising from the Indian Mutiny. In massacre and in battle, i by victims and by avengers, the best blood of the country has been profusely shed. If further exertions had been necessary, no risk or eacrifice would have been thought too great to incur for the restoration of order and for the punishment of the guilty. It is but just that the financial part of the burden should fall on the people of India. It is a rule, not so much of justice as of nature and necessity, that every community must bear the consequences of its own political disturbances; and there is nothing in the circumstances of the Indian Empire to interfere with the operation of the ordinary law. If the struggle is regarded ae a conflict of alien races, the Hindoos and Mahomedams may reasonably be held responsible for the unprovoked aggression of their countrymen; but the case may be more simply regarded as that of a revolutionary outbreak occurring within the limits of a distant political administration. India has a Government and a budget of her own. Any increase of revenua arising from additions of territory or from internal improvements would have been applied to the benefit of the local exchequer. The native proprietors and capitalists who profit by the prosperity of the empire must be prepared to pay the cost of averting a danger by which they were themselves primarily menaced. It is not as supposed accomplices, but as resident subjects, thatthe members of the community must contribute to the expenses of the contest. It is not even necessary to inquire how far they profit by the restoration of order ; for under all constitutions the welfare of the people must be assumed to Involve the maintenance of the Government. In point of fact, however, the peaceable population of India have been preserved by English energy from total ruin. The mutineers, if they had succeeded, would have revived, not the empire of ArBA.n, but the anarchy which existed under the Mahrattas or the Pindarees. NKAA SAHr, duringhis occupation of Cawnpore, was with difficulty persuaded to abstain from a general massacre of the Bengalee traders in the town. Nor would actual robbery and violence have been the principal danger which would have threatened the wealthy aind industrious classes. Under the sway of military adventurers trade must soon have come to a standstill, and many a village which has thriven under English rule would have disappeared in the jungle. Sound policy requires that the native population should enjoy no artificial exemption from the consequences of the rebellion. In every country individual dread of pecuniary loss is a principal security against disorder. The inhabitants of Bengal ought not to be encouraged in the belief that their rulers are exclusively interested in the maintenance of internal tranquillity. It is certa:n that England could spare India better than India could dispense with the supremacy of England. It is for the present impossible to calculate tie cost of the war, but the burden will assuredly not be too great for the local resources. The greater part of the necessary outlay will probably be raised by a loan, and after the reestablishment of order there wiU be little dificulty in obtaining money on reasonable terms. The Indian debt is by no means excessive in proportion to the revenue, and, incidentally, it interests a large number of persons in the security of the existing Government. Many sums which in former times would have been buried in hoards or invested in jewels are now habitually invested in the public loans. Even the endowmeents of temples are not unfrequently intrusted to the known good faith of the Government. It may be regarded as a fortunate circumstance that in the East the contraction of a debt rarely withdraws capital from the legitimate operations of commerce. It is better that the savings of wealthy traders should be applied to the public service than that they should be accumulated in the portable form which would have once more been recommended by prudence and convenience if the revolted Sepoys had triumphed. Those who are interested in shifting the burden to English shoulders wiU not fail to object that the Indian budget has seldom presented an equilibrium, and that the land revenue, which forms the bulk of the public income, scarcely admits of augmentation. It is not the business of any bystander to explain the method by which a debtor may satisfy his liabilities; but there are abundant fwcal resources within the reach of the Government of India. There is reason to hope that it will not even be necessary to interrupt the public works, which promise to add so largely to the wealth of the country. It is not even impossible that a permanenu improvement in the financial system may date its origin from the necessities of the present moment. A more equitable distribution of taxes might at the same time enrich the treasury and benefit the great mass of the community. The first and most obvious source of profit will arise from confiscations. The forfeited income of the Royal family of Delhi probably represents a principal of three or four miUions sterling. The mosques and temples of the rebellious eapital, and of some of the other cities which have iucurred peculiar guilt, may with perfect justice be devoted to making good the losses arising from the real or pretended fanaticism of thpir devotees. Many of the pensions and allowances which were granted on the annexation of Oude are now vested in open or disguised rebels. As the deposed King is stiU in confinement, it is reasonable to suppose that the Government has proofs of complicity suffic-ent to justify the withdrawal of his income. The pretended Peishwa has probably disposed of a large portion of his vast wealth in buying over the accomplices of his crimes ; but the palace at Bithoor, the pensions of the family, and all tangible property Wlicia can be seized wil be legitimately forfeited to the victorious Government. The prospective charge of pensions to the Bengal native officers and soldiers is removed at one strolke from the debit side of the officiai balance-sheet. It is stated that moveable columns are already detached towards the reeruiting districts in Oude and Rohilcund, where the veterans of the army have generally retired to enjoy their liberal allowances. The Officers in command wil not fail to test the more than doubtful loyalty of the pensioned relatives of the mutineers. Some addition to the list of forfeitures will probably be the result of a careful inquiry. It is due to the innocent and to the passive that the cost of the struggle should, as far as possible, be exacted from the culprits. If the revolt had occurred in Madras, the prevalence of the ryotwar system would have rendered it difficult to impose any additional burden on the land; but there are many proprietors in the NorthWestern Provinces who may fairly be called upon to contribute; and the perpetual settlement has not guaranteed to the zemindars of Bengal any immunity from '-ecessary taxation. It wil be just and reasonable to appropriate any increase in the charges on land to the immediate purpose of meeting the expenses of the rebellion. The cultivators of the soil have at all times borne an undue share of fiscal burdens, in consequence of the visible and tangible nature of their possessions. Imposts on the moneyed classes must be nmore sldlfully devised, but there is no reason why they should not be permanently levied. A property-tax is almost impracticable, where wealth is but exceptionally represented by its annual proceeds, and the ingenuity of Indian traders would set the forms and queries of Income-tax Commissioners at defiance. Some of the American States have abandoned in despair the plan of taxing visible personalty, to the exclusion of profitable investments. An Indian millionaire would exhibit none of his jewels to the taxgatherer; and there are obvious objections to taxing the Government Stock, which has hitherto received a large portion of the sums which are withdrawn from hoards. But it is possible that a succession duty might supply resources to the Treasury, and at the same time facilitate beneficial legislation. The stamp duty on paper used in deeds anid contracts has led to beneficial provisions against fraud. Those who are acquainted with the details of Indian administration will be able to judge whether the impost admits of augmentation. By some process or other it must be possible to make the moneyed classes bear their share of the burden. The practical impediments must be overcome by those whom they immediately concern It wiM not be easy to satisfy the English mind that Bengal and India in general are incapable of paying their own expenses, especially as they have within the last few years absorbed something like 30 millions sterling in specie.
" After all, the whole matter turns upon a "question of finance," was the remark of Mr. TEWAITES the other day when discussing with Sir BENJA}irNr HALL the various plans for the drainage of London. The First Commissioner, however, absolutely refused to accept the statement of the Chairman of the Metropolitan Board; in his view it is a question of health, of dire necessity, of great public utility, but not of money at alL And now the Government engineers come forward to show that, even giving up the high sanitary and patriotic ground assumed by Sir BENJAMIN HALL, an(d looking at the difficulty solely from Mr. THwAITES'5 -that is, the ratepayers'-point of view, their own scheme is the only one which it is possible to entertain. It may be remembered that at the conference to which we have alluded it was suggested that two members of the Metropolitan Board, assisted by their engineer, should meet Captain DOUGLAS GALTON and Mr. SiePsois in order to disGuss the whole question, and to arrange, if possible, the terms of a treaty of peace. As apparently no steps have been taken to bring about this meeting, the Government referees, to save time, have addressed a letter to Sir BENJNrAM1 HAIL, containing a reply to those strictures which their scheme of draining the metropol:s has most liberally called forth. Their principal aim has, of course, been to reply to the engineering objections that have been urged to their plan; but all that they have to say is summed up in this one financial statemcnt,-that although the cost of Mr. BAZALGETTE'S scheme is estimated at somewhat less than 3,000,0001., still, not only does it in the mcantime fail to accomplish the grand object of purifying the Thames, but also eventually it will prove to be much more expensive than the enlarged scheme of the Government, although that scheme is calculated to cost somewhere about 6,000,0001. of money. If this point can be established by the Government referees it of course simplifies the financial difficulty immensely-by the very rigorous method of stopping all discussion and leaving us no choice, it is true, but still by a method that is as intelligible as it is irresistible. Whether the calculatioDs upon which this statement is based are perfectly correct we must leave it for others to determine ; but it is only fair that, after having to some extent acknowledged the force of the money objecti )n as urzed by the Metropolitan Board, we should now give equal prominence to the defence put forward by the engineers of the Govermment. To do so, however, the real question at issue must first of all be disentangled from certain collateral subjects of dispute. Whether the channels will work, for example, is a point which the general publio are scarcely capable of discussing, and which, involving as it does but the most elementary knowledge of mechanical laws, we may very safely leave in the hands of engineers whose competence is recognized and whose reputat;on is at stake. And again, whether the outfall channels from the River Lea, on the north side of the Thames, and from the Ravecsbourne, on the south, should be covered or uncover.ad all the way to Sea Reach is a question which, although important in itself, is of very little moment in relation to the grand difficultythe expense. For, even should these channels be covered the whole way to Sea Reach, it is iaintained by Captain G urow and his colleagues that if they are wrong and the engineer of the Metropolitan Board right as to the quantities of sewage to be intercepted and removed, and if the drains ought to be reduced accordingly, then the covered channels to Sea Reach will cost but little more than Mr. BAZALGET1Z'S tubular bridge across the marshes from the River Lea to Rainbam. The vital subject of controversy is this-What is the quantity of sewage for which it is necessary to provide ? But here again, even when we have reacehed the root of the matter, we find ourselves entangled in discussions which ought never to have been raised, or which, if raised, ought to have been treated as of minor importance-we allude to the objections urged by Mr. THwArrEs to the increased area which the referees propose to drain. It looks very formidable to say that, whereas the metropolitan area comprises but 11 equare miles, the engineers of Govermment, with their grand ideas, propose to deal with treble that area-with 354 square miles; that, consequently, the sewers must be quadrupled in size, and that the increase of size will both retard the flow of sewage and prove quite unmanageable in the streets of London. In bringing forward this objection two very important facts have been forgotten-the first, that, although it is proposed to deal with an area three times the extent of the metropolitan district, still the quantity of sewage and rainfall from the additional area which it was thus intended to intercept from flowing into the Thames within the legal boundery does not amount to more than one-tenth part of the sewage and rainfaU of the metropolitan district proper; the second, that of this tenth part not less than two thirds,-aU that belongs to Croydon, for example, Beckenham, Stratford, West Ham, Plaistow,-will flow directly into the main outfall channels, without interfering with rany of the sewers that pass through the metropolis. What is the quantity of sewage and rainfaU which it is necessary to remove from the metropolitan district, and from that alone ? Such is the question upon which everything else hinges. Now, it appears that in estimating the quantity of rainfall which it is necessary to dispose of Mr. BAZALGETE was guided by the amount which fell in 1855, a year in which the average rainfall was considerably less than usual; and it is maintained by the referees, that, according to his plans, there wil either be a very frequert flow of sewage into the Thames from all that low level district which includes Lambeth, Rotherhithe, and Battersea, on the south-Chelsea, Belgravia, Pimlico, Westminster, and, indeed, the w1ole distance .o Stepney, on the north; or else the sewers will act as reservoirs of sewage in the way so wel known at present. They fuz'her point out that on no less than nine days, in about five weeks of the present summer, the rain fell in larger quantities than the sewers proposed by themselves could have reLioved without an overflow into the Thames. On some days it fell at twice and thrice, and on one occasion at six times, the rate at which they propose that it should be removed. When, therefore, in connexion with these facts, we take into account the enormous increase of our population-when, moreover, it is considered that, through more liberal supplies of water and more diffused habits of cleanliness, the sewage will be very much increased even if the population were stationary, it is not difficult to foresee that a time must come when even drains of enormous capacity may be inadequate to our wants, when they will daily overflow into the river, making it as bad as ever, and when new constructions will be necessary to redress the deficiencies of the old. It is in this way calculated that Mr. BAZALGOETE'S plan may saffice for some 16 or 18 years, that at the end of that time the sewage will overflow into the Thames as before in a yearly increasing quantity, and that in about 25 or 30 years it will habitually and without rain find its way into the river through the passages provided for the storm-waters. Even the sewers projected by the Governwent engineers are not estimated to intercept the drainage of London from the Thames within the metropolitan district for much more than half a century at the present rate of progression. If thess calculations are correct, what is the inevitable inference ? At the end of some twenty years, and before the debt incurred in constructing it has been liquidated, Ir. BAZALGETTE'S work will have to be supplemented by a more enlarged system of sewerage, while the other and more exte'ded method of the Government will give us a longer release from the pollution of our river, and may inspire us with the hope that our debts may be cleared before further undertakings are necessary. In any case, however, it is by no means easy to be reconciled to the enormous expenditure demanded; and the announcement that the Board of Health has despatehed a Commission to Milan to inspect the works of irrigation there, and to inquire into the best modes of utilizing the sewage of towns, most opportunely reminds us that one important question which may possibly furnish the pleasantest solution of our financial difficulty has not yet received its final answer. In the letter which nearly a year ago appointed Captain DOUGLAS GALTON and his associates to the task of reporting on the various drainage schemes, they were directed to put themselves in comnmunication with a Commission about to be appointed to inquire into the best modes of distributing sewage and turning it into a source of profit. From that CommiEsion they derived but small assistance, as its investigations were not sufficiently advanced. The engineers therefore made inquiries of their own, and, we regret to say, reported in the most unfavourable terms as to the commrercial prospects of any attempts to utilize sewage. Perhaps the Commission of the Board of Health may report differently; but, whatever be the report, it is impossible for any man, with the slightest faith in human contrivance, to believe that sewage containing products that are annuaUy worth not less than 1,000,0001. is ultimately destined to be wasted, while the works we construct for the purpose of throwing it away are a 50 years' debt on the metropolis of a people whose mechanical genius is as remarlkable as their wealth is unlimited. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first halves of two 51.-notes, for arrears of income-tax, from " MA E. A."
THE MfE7rIN6 OF PARLIAMENT. (From the Sapplement to the London GazeUe Extraordinac, of Saturday, the 14th of November.-Monday Nov. 16.) By the QlTEEN.-A PROCLAMATION. Victoria, R. Whereas our Parliameat stands prorogued to Thursday, the 17th day of December next, and whereas, for divers 'weighty and urgent reasons, it seems to us expedient that our said Parliament shall assemble and be holden sooner than the said day, we do and by the advice of our Privy Council horeby proclaim and give notice of our Royal intention and pleutro that our said Parliament, notwithstanding the same now stands prorogued, as hereinbefore mentioned, to the raid 17th day of December next, ahaU assemble and be holden for the despatch of divers urgent and important affairs, on Thursday, the 3d day of December next; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Bargesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Coammons are hereby required and cormmanded to give their attendance accordingly at Westminster on the said 3d day of December next. Given at our Court at Windsor this I Gth day of November, in the year of our Lord 1857, and in the 21at year of our reign. GOD save the QUEEN.
COURT CIRCULAR. WITlIDSOR, Nov. 16. The Queen, accmpanied by Princees Alice, walked in the Home Park this morning, and visited her Royal Highness the Dnchess of Kent at Frogmore. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort, attended by Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, rode out on horseback. The Hon. Mortimer Sackville West, Groonr in Waiting to Her Majesty, left Windsor by an early train for Dover to meet his Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia, who is expected to arrive on a visit. Her Majesty held a Council at 3 o'clock In the afternoon. Present:-His Royal lighness the Prince Consort, Earl Granville, Viscount Palmerston, the Marquis of Lansdowne, Sir George Grey, Mr. Secretary Labonchere. Lord Pantmure, the ChanceUor of the Exchequer, Sir C. Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Dake of Argyll. the Right Hon. M. T. Baines, Earl Spencer (Lord Steward), the Duke of Welington (Master of the Hors), and Lord Ernest Brace (Vice-Chamberlain). At the Council a proclamation was issued summoning Parliament to meet for the despatch of public business on Thursday, the 3d of Decemnber. MIr. C. Grevillo was the Clerk of the Council In Waiting. The Qaeen gxve audiences to Viscount Paliaerston, LDrd Panmure, and Earl Granvlile. Lord Cremorne was the Lord in Waiting. The Dake of Wellington, the Dake of Argyll, the Marquis of Langdowne, Earl Spencer, Earl GranviUe, Viscount Palmerston, Lord PaNumure, Lord Ernest Brace, Sir G. Grey, Sir C. Wood, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, llr. Vernon Smith, MIr. Ba{nes, and Mr. C. Greville travolled from London to attend Her Majesty's Privy Council by a spcial train on th:e Great Western Railway. MIr Secretary Lahouchere an) the other Ministers returned to Paddington by a special kalis after the CounciL Despatches were recelved at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governors of Ceylon, Hongkong, Labuan, the West India Islards, Heligoland, and the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands. Despatches were sent to the Governors of the Australian colonles.
PUBLIC OPmroy irN CALc A.-The correspondent of the Daiiy News writes:- You will probably see by the papers to be carried by the outgoing maU a report of a meeting just held by the Chamber of Commerce - it was called by certain requlsitionlsts for the purpose of obtaining an expression of the chamber's concurrence in the petition; which ws sent home in August in charge of MIr. Mead.who separated himself from the Priend of India when it fell under the censure of the Govrnment. As that potition was addressed to the Lords and Commons, you will, no dobt, have bad an opportunity of seeing it by this time ; and it Is not necessary for me to say more about it than that it is not what it has been called, the petition of the British inhabitants of Calcutta.' I feel perfectly satisfied tbat It would not have been allowed to pass as such at a public meeting, and, though a majority of the chamber has adopted it, the minority was not insignificant in numbers or in poeltion-the president, vice-president, and council were of the paty, and have resigned, The gentlemen who got up this petition have explained that the course adopted was decided upon that they might not embarrass the Government ! But surely little thought was taken of justice to the Government when it was declared that from the time it heard of the outbreak to the date of the petition (August the 3d) 'they steadily persisted in iguoring the fact of danger, for which they had made no preparation. The reverse of this is the fact. From the first momient that Lord Canning heard of the outbreak he used every exertion to asgiment our military force, sending for soldiers wherever it was possible to obt&in tbem. It is quite true that he would not encourage the Idea of danger in Calcutta, and it would have been most mischievous if he had done so; more mischievous would it have been had he allowed the mutineers to believe for one instant that the Government was alarmed. It pleases a certain number of persons to believe that the safety of Calcutta is due to the volunteers, but it is a delusion ; though if there had been any disturbances to put down, they would no doubt have been useful so long as they had only to deal with the native inhabitants. This corps has come into form with considerable credit to the real soldiers commandIng. The Governor-General has seen it paraded once or twice, and almost immnediately is to present it with colours ; but I question whether it will long survive the restoration of order.") THE: Eau's AuSTRsu,TrAN AAms.-We have received vid Marseilles, from a gentleman on board the Australasian steamer, the following interesting particulars of the grounding of the Emen steamer on her passage up to Suez with the Australian mails. When the Australasian left Alexandria Her Majesty's ship Tartarms, a Rousian 44gun frigate and a brig, and the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamships Indus and Valetta were at that port: - On Sunday morning, Oct. 18, at 7.35, the Royal mail. steamer Emea left Aden for Suez, the wind S.E., fine weatber, passed inside Perirn Island at 4 p.m. and the Elarish group about 11 At 6 e.m. of the 19th Teleager Islands were abeam, and at 9.15 J ibbel Teer bore E., distant four nmiles; at noon the ship's position was in lat. 16-2 N., long. (chronometer) 4133 B., weAther northerly and variable. Noon on the 20th, lat. 19 5 N., long. 38 56 B., evis tance run 240 miles; light north-west breezes and calm. The course steered would bring the vessel aboat 20 miles to the eastward of Ras Roway, which we expected to pass about 2.30 a.m. (21st). At 11 p.m. the course was altered half a point to the northward, the night fine, but dark and rather hazy; sea smooth. At 15 minutes past 12 (midnight) the ship suddenly struck, then going 10.1 knots. our nosition by dead reckoning being lat. 204 N., long .37 50 B., both patent and ordinary logs having been kept going. The cap. tain, second officer, and Arab pilot were on the bridge, and two lookouts forward. The ship remained hard and fast. Notbiug was at first visible aS the sea did not break, but on. oing forward could make out very shoal water, with small ragmentc of rock just above the surface. Sounded and found two feet of water under the bow, 51 fathoms abaft the forechains, and no bottom with 240 fathoms over the stern. Immediately the ship struck the engines were stopped and reversed. guns, chain, cables, &o., brought aft, but without effect, her st3m h&dng cut about 15 fe3t into the coral rock, and having risen sboat five feet, In a fewv minutes the forward compartment was full of water up to the sea level. There was no confusion whatever, the crew and passengers being perfectly orderly. At daylight found the reef we had struck upon to be Gattal el Bunna, a small circular corli patch just under water. The ship's head was N.W. by N. half N., the island of iunjetta on port bow, and the mainland 10 miles distant. The ship must have been set by the current since noon the day previ. ous 22 miles to the westward. Every exertion was euscd both by the commander, officers, and passengers to get her off, without avail, until 5 a.m. of the 23d, when she slipped off, having been 53 hours on the reef (the damage was serious-a large rugged hole in her fore compartment, from the 11th to the 7th footmark). Turned ahead when sbe got off, intending to go to Cormish, on the Nubian coast, 45 miles distant, but ate made too much water, and we were obliged to run for Dnberdubb, 12 miles distant, where we ran the ship's head on the soft mud. Captain. Gough, R.N., the purser, and two passengers, with a portion of the mail, left in a native boat, taking them to Jiddah, on the Arabian coast, 120 miles dtstant. Native boats were chartered to cruise in the offing to signal, if po"sible, any steamer that might be passing. After great exertions, libteniug the ship, and making a " Californian" pump, wbhic, with the other pumpR, were kept going, we ultimately reached Suez on the 3d at 8 p.m. On the voyage to Sues we inet the Hindostan, or rather she overtook us, ard hearing that the mails, &c., were at Jiddah she turned back to look for them, and bring them on, and the Ad. miralty agent and p arty, but neitber she nor the parties she went In search of had yet arrived when the Australasiau left Alexandria. COI;SECRATXOX OF THX CTY CE1ETERRY.-Yester. day morning the Bishop of London consecrated the new City o London Cemuetery, situate at Little Ilford, a fevr miles eastward of Stratford-le-Bow, in the presence of the Lord Mayor and a large number of civic offlaials. On arri. vine at the cbapel prayers were read, and afterwards the bishop, accomhpanied by Dr. Shepberd, acting as chancellor, several aldermen And clergmen, proceeded to the ground, which the bishop consecrated according to the ordinary forms of the church. The musicaxl se-vices were performed by the gentlemen of the choir of St. Paurs Cathedrsal. CHrLsR&A BRiDas.-In our notice of this fino structure we omitted to mieution that the ssuponsiou chains and rods were constructed entirely by Messr Howard and Ravenhill, according to tbell patent process o£ rolling the bars withQut welding them,
A.MERICA. .IA suamary of the following PPred in our second ,edition of yesterday :-J The oyalmail LIYERPOOL, MOND,AY. The RoYal mail nteamship Europa, Captain Leitch, -arrved this morning, with advices from New York, tzid Halifax, to the evening of the 5th inst., and $6,500 in specie on freight. ' On the 5th the Europaw exchanged signals with th steamship Canada, hence, for Halifax and Tle steamship Arago had arrived at New York, and the Indian at Quebec. Paragraphs of the nature of the following have dbecome rather numerous in the Amerlcan journals. The Philadel Ia Dening Bulletin says,- The packet ship Wyoming sailed yesterday for Liver. wpooL She took a large number of emigrants who had *ecentiy come to this country to better their condition, bat whose bright anticipations had not been realized." The roturns for the New York State election up to the 3d showed, according to a telegram to Boston, a majority in favour of the Democratic candidates. Several unsuccessful attempts had been made at iNew ' ork to get up what are denominated "hunger meetings." The principal movers were -the vagabonds of the city. ;Some rioting of a very mild nature had occurred. The steamship Star of the West had arrived at Havannah, en route to New York, with the Californian mails, and $1,600,000 in gold for that port, *and $500,000 for Europe. The election for Governor had resulted in the success of Weller; the -majority in favour of recognizing the State debt was about 30,000. The specie shipped during the ftrst half of the year by steamers to New York amounted to $16,934,766 16c.; to England, -$4,634,115 3&.; to New Granada, $20,921 25c. These amounts, combined with the above, would make the entire steamer ahipments for the nine ;months as follows :-| To New York ...... $25,075,023 10 To England .. 6,664,028 93 .To New Granada ., ... 324,928 77 Total .32,063,980 80 The amount exported at a similar time 1856 was ;$36,134,066 14c., showiDg a falling off in 1857 of 14,070,185 34c. The shipment by steamers for the -quarter ending September was- To New York . . . $8,140,256 94 To England . .. 2,299,913 65 To New Granada . . . 104,007 52 Total for three nonths ... $10,544,171 01 "The shipments of treasure by sailing vessels," .says a San Francisco paper,- " For the quarter just, ended have been almost as large as those of the previous six montbs. This has been inceonse-,uence of the demand for Mexican dollars for shipment to Uhina, and which, as they are regularly received here by each arrival from Mexico, can hardly be said to enter into -ou exportation of native coin or dust. The shipments have baen as follows : China ... ... ... ... $1,121,487 Australia ...... .. 66. East Indies. .. . 1,260 Society Islands ., ... .. ... 3,000 Sandwich Islands . 103,492 South America ... . . 15,000 Total . . ... . $1,309,239 "During the frst half of 1857 the exports a-junted to $788,817, making the combined shipments for the nine I months $3,098,066. " The exports of gold for the first half of the year equal those of the preceding year, and the falling off observable hns taken place principally during the months of July, August, and September. The people of New York were not prepared for this decrease of the shpiments of specie from this port, though repeatedly warned of the absurdity of expecting that the go'lden stream could muoh longer oontinue to flow from the Pacific with equal volume. It is tme that the fart of a decrease in gold exportation has been .questioned by some bungling statisticians in this city, 'who, by some of the unaccountable turns of the wheel of fortune, find themselves in command of a few cases of type, but no argument in support of our position was deemed necessary by us. We now state the fact that mainly during the last three months there has been a decrease of over $4, 000 000 in the export of gold from this port eastward, and that that decrease is the immiediate cause of the eriai in New York of which we received intelligence by the steamship Sonora." The accounts from the Mormon Settlement are very conflicting and unreliable. The last report vwas that a large force of the Mormon Militia, under Brigham Young and Heber C. Kimball, were preparing to leave Salt Lake City, with provisions and ammunition for a six weeks' campaion in the mountains to the eastward, and thus to stp, if possible, the passage of the United States' troops. Although the positive destination was a secret known only to the leaders of the church, yet it was generally supposed that at the pass in the mountains, near Bear River cut-off, or at Steeple Rocks, the stand would be made by the Salk Lake forces, with an alhost certainty of " wiping out" the entire force sent against them. In Salt Lake City and through the Territory, for some months prior to this movement, the Militia or volunteer force have undergone more than ordinary drill, and a number of regiments would, it is alleged, compare favourably, in point of drill, with the independent corps of the States. Another account atates that it was the intention of the Mormons, should matters get too serious, to seek a refuge in the Russian possessions, where they have already driven the stakes for a new Zion. The following commercial report from Havannah shows that the financial crisis was beginning to make itself felt there- " We are under a trial strain (in finanoial matters) at this moment, and a few days will decide how we endure it. The probabilities are in favour of our going through witbout much damage tothe legitimate commerce of the city. Those who have been largely engaged in stock speculations will have to pay or suspend, and'it Is said that two or three large houses engaged in Spanish and other European business -will he much shaken, if not compelled to stop. Sugars we cannot quote with any certainty, large holders preferring shipment on their own account to sale. The rates, without regularity, are below the figures last advised. The stock remaining on hand, about 160,OoO boxes here, and at ?satanzas 25,000 ditto, and 2,000 hhds. ; shipped the past week, 11,252 boxes to European markets; none to tbe United States. Molasses.-Stock aslast advised, andno inquiry for shipment* the goods offered at 4 to 4l rials, new keg of 5. gallons, and nobody to take. Other products dull, and no sales excoept for our own consumption. Tobacco and cigars-Very little doing, as all orders have been cancelled, and the trade upon the street Is at such prices as necessity compels. F'eights.-There is no demand for vessels of over .27Oboxes capaclty. American bark Ottawa, of New York, taLen for Falmouth and orders for 3t., carried 1,300 boxes. Several small Spanish vessels chartered at the same rates. These rates will not be sustained from present appearances. Exchanges.-Asyou can bargain, but netin demand, as shipments of specio have been preferred,ito our injury at the present moment. New York, for undoubted paper, 3 per cent. premium; London, 9 ditto. United States gold coins, 3 per cent. premium". The Ntczo York Courier and Enquirer of the 3d says:- *'The Bank statement indicates increasing strength on -the part of the banks, but no disposition to extend in the aggregate their loans from week to weeek. Some few have enlargedtheir discountline, viz.-Merchants'Bank,$5:3,000; City Bank, $12,000; Chemical Bank, $37,000; American Exchange, $113.00- Broadvay Bank, $16,000 ; Hanover Bank, $33,000- -Ietropolitaa Bank, $197,000; Market Bank, $10,000; Shoo and Leather Bank, $3 000; Importers and Traders', S21,000; Park Bank, i20,000making together S595,w0, and the actual decrease by the others was S870,000. One argument for suspension at Providence, Philadelphia, and other cities was that the banks, not being called upon for specie, might increase their loans to some extent. So far, this policy has not been adopted here. The same want of unity of actionwhich prevailed in September and early in October is still aippa. rent, although there is a liberal amount of substantial paper1 offered or obtainable. A large amounat falls due to.day in the snapesof nouse-ren,s, coupons &c The rie Xaiioad -Company pays to-day the coutons ont $3,000,000 First Mortgage Bonds, or a total of $105,000. The amount of rents due is very heavy, and in the lower parts of the city are generally punctually paid. We infer from what we can learn to-day that some indulgence will be asked and readily given on dwe]ling-house rents. At this season -of the year it is better for landlords to accommodate their tenants than force them to change quarters. Assuming the total value of houses (and lots on vwhich they are built) in New York at $300,000,000, and four-fifths of them to be rented, the quarterly rents due to-day will amount to about $4,000,000. " The business at the Sub-Treasury to-day was as fol. lows:- Total receipts .559,609 77 $48,000 transferred from Customs. $500.000 from St. Louis. ,, Payments ... ... ... ... ... 97,510 77 ,, Balance ...5 ... ... ... ... ,865,405 54 Receipt.s at the Custom-house ... $45,005 16 R' At the close of the Second Board to-day the President of the Erie Railway Company addressed the members in re-f&rence to tho present condition and prospects of the company. He urged immediate assistance if any tobe given by the Board. After hisaddresawas over the members subscribed about 1,00000 towards the fundrequired by the companv. The price of Saturday was not fully sustained to-day. We noteadeclinein Erie 1 per cent., Reading 1, Michigan Southern 1, Chijceo and Bock Island 1. State Stocks were steady at Saturday9s closing rates. Illinois Central Bonds closed 1 higher, New York State Sixes of 1873, 1. We annex the cl(-sing rates:- New York Sixes, 1873... 103 Cleveland & Toledo Shrs 27X Virglnia Sixes .............. 79 Panama R,R. Shares ..... 7 2 Missouri SLUes ......... 6S.l llinois Central Shares.. 81 Mvew York Central Shrs 641 linois Central Bonds... 69J -Nea York and V-de Shrs 124 hcago and R. I. Shares 66 Reading R. R. Sbaren... 29 Galena and Chicago.6 4& 3fMichigan Central Shares 40 La Crosse ...... !!O.:::::: 4 Michigan Southern Shrs 111 Mich. So. New Stock ... 25 Foreign exchange was very firm for leading sipnatures, there being a imted supply of first-class signatures offering. Bil on London at 60 days quoted at 103 to 108, the busi. ness in bankers' being mostly 107 to 1074. The American Exchange Bank has deolared a November dividend of three per cent., instead of its customary rate of five per cent. £he following banks, which usually declare a dividend payable in May and November, it is understood, wifl pass their dividend at present :-1. Bank State New York; 2. Broad- ay; 3. Chatliam; 4. City; 5. Fulton; 6. Greenwich; 7. union; 8. Mecharics and Traders. We question the propriety or prudence of any b,Lnk declaring a cavidend daring its suspension, and while the true charaoter or value of its aets cannot for some months be fully ascertained. The quarterly return of the Americau Excbange Bank for June exhibited a surpus of $315,000 (or nine per cent.), It will be exceedingly ortanatc if its losses be no more than equal to this sum. The notes of the Woodstock Bank,Vermont, are discredited to-day. Tbo,e nf the Troy City Banc are again taken on deposit. Liabilities and resources of the banks of the State of New York for the months of September, 1856; June, 1857; and September, 1857:- Sept.. 1856. June, 1857. BeDt., 157. Discounts .. $183,888,670 $190,803,832 $170,846,774 Overdraughts 488,348 507,137 504,607 Due by banks 12,179,169 11,643,830 13,766,025 Real estate 6.868,771 7,423,015 7.374.811 Specie . ... ... 12.898.945 14,370,434 14,321,599 Cash items ... 22,678,628 23,737,436 14,224,345 Stoclk, &c. ... 24,027,533 25,747,472 23,.503,377 Mortgages ... 8,816,415 9,929,794 8,781,463 Bank notes ... 2,935,205 3,094,293 2,433,573 Suspended do. L381 ....... 82,192 Expenses ... 978,838 1,363,603 1,028,179 Add cents .... ......... ......... 925 Total .... 275,75,90 287,990,840 256,817,670 Capital ... 96,381,301 103,954,777 107,507,6-59 Circulation ... 34,019,633 32,395.892 27,122,104 Profits ... ... 12,656,236 13,949,030 13,037,429 Due banks ... 29,014,125 27,319,817 19,267,263 Due others ... 1,150 504 - 1,137,345 State Treasury 2,433,426 3,254,877 3,445,866 Deposits 96,907,970 105,361,001 84,59,894 Other debts 2,188,403 1,755,452 1,758,791 Add cent. - - 519 Total ... 275,751,598 287,990,846 256,817,670 The above statement for September, 1857, shows a part only of the contraction that has been going on since Auus -namely, circulation, $5,000,000* loans, $20,000,000; stocks, $2,200,000 ; deposits, $i21,0000 ; due other banks $8,000,000. The statement in December will be the trae test of the radioal change of the half-year." The New York Tribune of the 3d says "The coupons of cities, railroads, &e., which fell due to-day were met as promptly, probably, as could be expected under the circumstances of the times. The new defaults we hear of are on the bonds of the City of Milwankie, issued to the Mdilwraukle and Horicon and Milwaukie and MIisissippi Railroads, and the first mortgage bonds of tho Milwaukie and La Crosse and Milwaukle and Horicon Roa The Brie ROad commenced paying the coupons on their first mortgage bonds, but ran out of funds, and put some holders off until tomorrow. The holders of coupons on the first mortgage Southern Michigan Railroad bonds were referred for their money to the office at Toledo. It is thought the Milwaulie and La Crosse and Milwaukie and Horicon coupons will be paid within 30 or 60 days. Some ether defaults took p.ace, but they were not now cases." T.n cotton a moderate business was doing at rather firmer prices, the range for middling being l2jc. to 13G. Mr. W. P. Wright, in his circular for Europe, eays: " In this citywe have had some alight renewal of business in cotton; several small parcels have been taken to fill peremptory orders from Manchester, &c. Prices, though still far from settled, have assumed a degree of steadflesq, and enabled nme to quote Upland middling 12jc. to 12o. ; good middling, 13c.; Orleans, 13c. for middHng, and 1io. to 13gc. for good middling. The sales since the 27th ult. to last evening I estimate at 750 bales. The clearances during the same time have been 1,195 bales, all to LiverpooL Ia the Southtrn markets more activity has prevailed than might have been expected in view of the difficulties in pa,stg bills of exchange. The orders from English and r'rench houses Being peremptory, and for early execution, have induced great exertons on the part of buyers in the South; the great decline in New Orfeans and Mobile has enabled them to fill orders, even at the very low rates of exchange at present prevailing. The receipts are 197,000 hales less than to the corresponding dates last year. Some of this must be attributed to the lateness of the season, but a good deal to the indisposition of planters to send cotton to market for sale at the recent heavy decline, and while monetary affairs are in such a deranged condition. Planters will persist in this course until later acounts from Europe 2ereshadoar the probable priee ai which the cotton will be needed there. A systematic holding back by planters wnll not result in their favour ultimately. The exports are larger this w eek than wae expected, particularly to Great Britain, for, notwvithstanding the difliculties in the way of negotiating, wre have cleared 32000 bales for Great Britain, 6,000 bales to France, and 7,000 bales to other foreign! ports. We have crop accounts from Augusta, Georgia, of the occurrence of a frost in that vicinity, and in other sections of the State. It is too soon, however, to know the effect of this on the crop of that locality. Frorn other cotton-growlng districts vwe have no complaits; on the contrary, the reports are that the crop under the favourable weather for the pst three weeks gives better promise. It is still too early to form an opinion as to the probable extent of the crop, though the South havepretty generally adopted 3,000,000 bales as the probable yield." Flour had been in good demaOnd for some days, both for the home trade and for export, and prices had advancedl 0c. to 25c. per barrel, the greatest enhancement being upon good shipping brands of all descriptions. We quote Western Canal and State, good shipping, $4 9()c. tO $5 50C per barrel; Ohio, ndiana, &c., $5 60c. to $6 250.; Canada, $5 75c. to $6 SOc. ; Southern, $5 75c. to $6 60c.; Fancies and Righ Extras. $6 75c. to $8 and $8 7Sc. Prime qualities of vrheat had advalnced 3c. to 10c. per (iib. Of Chicago spring the arrivals wereliberal, but with the greater facility In negotiating exchange the demand was larger and prices firm. Other descriptions came forward slowly, and were taken at previous rates. The receipts of Indiau corn had been light,and, with a good home and some export inquiry, prices had again advanced 6c. to 7e. per 561b., closing at 77e. for mixed. Of molasses, 101 barrels New Orleans had been sold at 32Xc. to 331c. cash; '70 barrels golden syrup, 25c. to 215c. cash; and 118 barrels St. Domingo, 154c. to 18c. cash. Scotch pig iron was selling at $28 to $29 per ton, six months. Spirits of turpentine were firmer, and holders were firm at 42c., refusing freely 41ic. Common rosin was quiet at $1 35c. per 3101b. 300 barrels No. 2 sold at $1 75c. per tale barrel in yard. Other descriptions were unchanged. Freights were without change. To Liverpool, for cotton, 5-32d. per lb. ; flour, 2s. 6d. per barrel; grain, 7id. to 8d. per bushel. To London, flour, 2s Od. to 3s. per barrel. To Havre, cotton, -c, per lb. The New York7 Times remarks that bills on Europe against the usual shipments at that season were delayed to an extent to advance the rates on London at New York, while bills on New York, evein at sight, were at such heavy discount at iNew Orleans as to draw further considerable shipments of gold. Exchange on London had advanced to 107 to 108 per cent. 00 daya, and 109 to 109i short sight. The Granada, for New Orleans, took out 9450,000 in gold. The brokers quoted gold 100i to 100k per cent. buyers, 1001- to 101 per cent. sellers. The domestic exchanges were mending very slowly, but there was some improvement on a few of the southwestern points. Philadelphia war. 94W to 96 per cent.; Boston, 99 to 99i per cent. Money was easier at bank on prime short paper, though this was hard to come at on account of the recent shock to mercantile confidence. The Nlew York- xpress reports that specie was held with more firmness, and there was more inquiry for it. Appearances indicated that for the present there would be a drain for New Orleans, sterling bills, with bills of lading at 90 per cent., offering very strong inducements to bankers and others having idle funds in gold or currency. Their cotton bills were to be had at bargains. The suspension of navigation at the North would cause the grain and flour of the West to meek, as in former times, the Missisaippi as the avenue to market, and create a demand for funds at New Orleans, which could only be supplied from .New York or Europe. The foUowing telegrams from New Orleans show the state of affairs at that port *- "1 October 31.-Receipts for the week, 26,000 bales; same week last year, 59.000 bales. Decrease in receipts at the port compared with last year, 122,000 bales, and at all the Southern ports, 204,000. Sales to-day, 7,000 bales, and for the week 16,000; middling, 9ic. per lb. Export for the week to Liverpool, 3,000 bales. Exchange on London nominal, at 90 to 95 per ceout.; sight exchange on New York dull at 6 to 7 per cent, discount. The cotton-market was irregular, with sales for tbe week of 15,000 bales at 94c. to lOc. for middlings. The receipts for the week were 2k1000 bales Freights to Liverpool, Ad.; and atsrlin bills 90. This movement of cotton is very restricted, and has commenced to ahow its effect upon houses in New York, whose bills, receivable from the South, are protested to a large extent. The last few days have made it apparent that the cotton-growing reg,ion will follow the North-West in its neglect to meet its obligations to New York, and embarrass a class of merchants who are looked upon as out of danger, no matter what might happen elsewhere. November 3.- Cotton unchanged; sales to.day 8,500 bales. Sales for the three days 21.000 bales. Receipts for three days, 15,000 bales; stock, 143,000. Decreased receipts, 130,000; ditto at all Southern ports, 242,500. Sugar dull; common, 31c. to 4c. The new crop is now coming in. Flour firmo, at $5 37c. to $5 50c. Provisions very dull. Excharnge on London, 94 to 95; on New York, 5 per cent. discount." (BY TELEGRAPH TO B3OSTON.) NE5W YORK, Nov. 3, 6 P.M. The money-market is quiet, buit improviug slowly. The strong position of the banks, as iudicated by the weekly returns, has had a favourable effect. Stocks were irregular at the first board, but on the average much better. There were large sales of New York Central shares at 65i, an advance of 1 per cent.; Reading advanced 2 per cent., and Illinois Central, 1 to 24; United States' Coupon Sixes of 1862 sold at 105. The business at the clearing house today reached $12,213,000. At the second board stocks were firmer; Ohio Sixes, of '60, 95; Missouri Sixes, 68X; Illinois Central Bonds, 70; New York Central Railroad, 65i; Cleveland and Toledo Railroad, 29 ; Erie Railroad, 14; Chicago and Rock Island Railroad, 67k; Reading Railroad, 30i ; Michigan Central Railroad, 40 ; Michigan Southern Railroad, 1li; Galena Chicago Railroad, 64i ; Lacrosse and Milwaukie Railroad, 6X. Ashes quiet. Cotton-sales, 250 bales, 12ic. to 13c. Flour steady, and in good demand for export:-common to straight State, $4 80c. to $490c. ; extra ditto., $5 5c. to $5 20c.; common to good Ohio, $5 70c. to $5 1 Sc.; extra Gennessee, $5 50c. to g7; Southern without change of [moment; mixed to good, $5 30c. to $5 £ic.; fancy and extra, $5 60c. to $7; extra Fredericsburg, $6 50c. ; Ricl,mond City, $7; Canadian not quoted; extra, $5 10c. to $6 65c. Wheat in good demand, and steady; Chicago spring, $1 lc.; Milwaukie Club, $1 6c. to $1 8c.; Canadian club, $1 9c.; Michigan white, $1 25c.; Southern, $1 25c. to $1 31c.; ditto white, $l 35c. to $1 53c. Corn-small sales; mixed Western, 760. Pork-better inquiry from the trade; mess, $20 to $20 25c.; prime, $16 to $16 25c. Beef-country mess, $10 to $11; prime, $6 to $7; repacked Chicago, $13 to $14. Butter-Ohio, 1Sc. to 16c.; State, 16c. to 23c. Sugar-eales, 500 hhds.; muscovado, 'gc. to 8c. Molasses-sales at 41c. casb. Spirits of Turpentine-sales, 1,200 barrels; 41c. to 42c., closing buoyant; crude, $3 o0c. to $3 75c. Rosin, $1 35c.; sales, 1,500. Irort dull; Scotch pig, $j28 Freights-to Liverpool unchanged; cotton, 5-32d.; flour, 2s. 6d.; grain, 7id. to 8d. (LATEST BY TEIEGRAPH TO HAIJFAX) NEW YORK, Nov. 5, EVNING. The screw steamship City of Baltimore, from Liverpool, arrived here yesterday (the 4th). The European advices by the Canada, which arrived at Halifax on the 4th, were published here on the afternoon of that day. Our cotton-market to-day has been ve,y dull, but prices are nominally the same. Breadatuffs were in good demand, and tending upwards, excepting for Indian corn, which was drooping. Sterling exchange to-day waa quoted 105 to 108. The money-market was decidedly easier, the California mail steamer Star of the West having arrived here with about $1,400,000 in gold. NEW ORIEANS, Nov. 4, EVmiNG. Clottorn to-day was quite buoyant, and prices advanced 3-16ths per lb. The day's business has been 3,500 bales. Sterling exchange flat, but the moneymarket was certaiDly easier. The Citizen Bank resuimed payment in specle to-day. Messrs. Neill, Brothers, and Co., of New York, telegraph under date Nov. 5, as follows:- "1 Oar telegrams from the South to-day report the cotton markets generally brighter. A large sale of sterling bils has been made at New Orleanc at 10 dliscount. Small amounts are quoted at 6 to 6 discount. The New York market for cotton to-day showed no change."
THE LZATEST IlVDIAN DATES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It appears to me upon perusing the various summaries of Indian news brought by the present maii that the latest dates from Caloutta, Cawnpore, and Luoknow are not given. I have this morning received a Calcutta paper of the 9th of October, in which I find a paragraph of news furnished by Government to the following effect :- " From Cavuporo, Oct. 7, 1i a.m.-Malaghvr captured. A native messenger who left Lucknow on the 4th reports favourably of our progress in clearing the city." The latest news irom Lucknow given by the papers here is to the 2d, and it is commented upon as highly unfavourable. I can accoiut for this further intelligence. The packets for the stenmer were closed at Calcutta on the evenmg of the 8th. The Item in question probably reached the Government during the night, and was published on the following morning, the paper containing it being sent down the river for the chance of reaobing the steamer, whiah it did. As I may not be in town for a day or two, I have sent It to Mesars. W. Thacker and Co., East India agents, 87, Newrato-street, where auy ene can see it. GEORGE rLRBURY. carawt-on, Oct.
THE INDIAN DESPATCHES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Can you, by drawing publio attention to the subject, induce the authorities at the India-house to publish their despatches from the seat of war at eatrier intervals ? The last military despatches published were dated the 29th of July at Caloutta, and appeared In the London GazeUc of the 13th of October. We have had four India malls since that period, bht the East India authorities are stated to have sent nothing more for publication to the India Board (of Control) In Canuon. row. Any names of offlcers or soldiers published as having been killed or wounded since the 31st of July are due to the columns of the public pressthrough private correspondence. Many a heart in Great Britain is left to ache by this cruel negleca of the India-house. and among otbArs tflat nf A FATHER OF TWO SONS FIGHTING London, Nov. 16. ON THE SPOT.
QUARA.WTn-E AT MADEIIA.-The passengers by tho lloyal Mail Steam Company's ship Tyne, from South. ampton to Madeira, have forwarded to us, for the guidance of persons intending to winter in Madeira, the foowving statement, dated La7aretto, Madeira, Oct. 23 :-"In con. eequence of the prevalerce of yellow fevor at LLbon, that port was declared infected on the 8th inst., and the passengers by all vessels touching there on their way to Madeira are placed in quarantine for 16 days on landing at Funchal. The Board of Health of this place assuming, as we firmly believe, illegal powers, has condemned us to seven days more than the utmost period sanctioned by the quarantine laws-namely, eight days. We are also subjected to restrictions quite unnecessary for the preservation of the quarantine, and dictated by a spirit of despotic power. We havo appealed to our respective consuls, who bave done their best -with the authorities, but hitherto in vain, the plain fact being that the local board, influenced by popular clamour, has by its arbitrarv enactmnents placed itself not onlyjabove ths Central Board of Health at Lsbon, but also above the lawr of the land and the law of nations. The discomforts wo endure and the ex- enses we incur will forru the subject of a future letter. we wish it to be understood that this annoyance applies only to passengers vid Lisbon; for those by anu of the three other lines dsrect from England are free. T e island itself is in a perfectly healthy state." The document is signed by D. Jones, MI.P, Baron D'Hormelin, Alex. J. 1). D'Orsey, clerk. George Lund, MED., Th. Bahr, M.D., Ricbard Davies, W. F. M. Copeland, and 19 others. SioRT TimcE .T PmRESO.-With the exception of five or six frms, the wbole of the cotton manufacturers and spinners in Preston have either closed their mills altogether or have commenced working short time, the latter being the course generaUy adopted. There are about 70 different mills in the town, three and iu some inatances foar mills being worked and belonging to one firm. In these 70 mills it is ceIculeted that not less than 20,000 persons are employed; and some idea of the depressed state of the staple trade of the town and its Immediate district may be formed when it is an accredited fact that the average employment of 20.000 hands dges not exceed at present more than three full days per week. Of course thia state of things has not existed untflwithin the pastfew days, several of the largest firms in ths town having witbin that period oonmenced worklng short time. The district for a few miles round Preston is also similarly affected. At Walton, Moon'a Mill, Basuber-brldge, Chorley, Samlesbury, Farington, and Hoghtoni, all places witbin a radius of five miles o. Preston, the millowners havo been compelled to resort to the altor. native of short time. Ia two of the townships named three or four mills have been entirely stopped, and throughout the Preston Unton commercl-t matteia have experienced such a severe cbeck that numbers of families have been compelled to seek relief from the hands of the parochial authorities who being unable, under the existing iegulations of the Poor Law board, to grant necessary relief to the applicants, who are chiefly ablebodied persons, have written to the general board in London, requesting them to cancel such an absurd regulation. The poverty in tho union is very great, and every day adds to its quota. rinnBE IN Bs rsopGATr.-Yesterday (Monlday) morning, about a quarter to 3 o'clock, a fire, which was attended with a serious los of property, broke out in the extensive range of premnises in the tenure of Messrs. Bek and Co., dealers in China, glass, and earthenware, the buildings being in Sun-street, and extending into Danning's-alley. The Royal Society's fire -escape arrived from the Bishopsgate-street station, whea Warren, the conductor, pitched it in front of the house and boldly ascended to the third floor, and, having erntered through the window, he found three persons almost suffoeated. He placed an old man in the escape, and, having lowered him safely to the ground, he managed to bring the other two out of the window and get them also safely to the ground. The engines of the London Brigade from various stations, and that of the West of EDgland, were soon in attendance, and, owlingto the exertions of the firemen, the flames were eventually extinguished, but not til the whole of the warehouses were burnt out and the stores in the fronthouse much damaged. The loss, wbich is cossiderable, vwiU fall upon the Sun Mire-office. The origin of the disaster is unknown. The Winter Assizes for 1857 have been fixed by the Secretary of State to be held at the foUowing places:Liverpool, for Lancashire, Mr. Justice Wightman. York, for Yorkshire, Mlr. Justice Williams. Chester, Stafford, Derby, MIr. Justice Crompton. Rent, Hants, Somerset, Devon, Mr. JusticeWilles. Warwick, Worcester, Glocester, Glainorgan, Mr. Baron Martin. Northampton, Nottrugham, Lincoln, Darham, lorthumberland, MIr. Baron Channeli. The Judges will fix the tim for opening the Cosnisaion in the several towns appointed. It will ruges lbetweect the Term and the Cbristisgn hQltdIs.
I T1II MO-ONEBTARY CRISIS IN SCOTLAND. (BY ErsIao ANDj INTERNATroxL TELEGRAPH.) GLASGOW, MO.NDAY. A private meeting of the shareholders of the Western Bank was held here to-day. There was a unanimous expression of feeling to go with the bank, and for this purpose upwards of 600,00U1. were subscribed by the more wealthy sareholders, for which they were to receive 7 per cent. the first year, and 6 per cent. afterwards. The deficiency of the funds of the bank has not as yet been ascertained, but it is thought that a million sterling will suffice to meet the loss and enable the business of the bank to be carried on as usuaL This sum it is confidently expected will be made up in a few days. Many of the depositors have expressed their confidence in the new management, and will continue to transact business with the Western. The public has every confidence now in the notes of all the banks.
Them SUSPENSION of the BANK CRARTBR1 TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In an article vhich you have extracted today from the &conemist I find, with reference to a recent suggestion of The Time-s to the effect that the discount houses and other kindred etablishments, if they apprehended danger, should have combined for self-protection and issued notes on their joint security at 9 per cent. interest to meet their deposit liabilities in three or six months, the following paragraph:- ^ The proposal is simply for certain banks, though perfectly solvent, to suspend payment, and to offer depositors their promissorj notes at three months for their money. This would have been to imitate in the worst form the course of some of the American banks which hAs been so justly and so ably commented upon by our contemporary. Again, it does not follow, though banks might so far have disregarded their obligations to pay 'at call' as to make such a proposal, that depositors would have been found willing to have accepted bills at tbree months, which they did not require, in place of cash, of which theY stood in need. But, be that as it may, we are confident that few will be found who would not prefer au inroadupon a mere arbitrary limit to the issues of the Bank of England, maintaining specie payments as rigidly as ever, to a suspen. sion of payment on the part of banks having ability enough to pay their debts." lf by the phrases "perfectly solvent" and " ability enough to pay their debts " the Ecornist means that the establishments in question were in a position to meet any posible run upon their deposit without extraneous help, why was the Bank Act suspended? If they were not in such a position, and a run had come, would they have had another alternative ? It is very well to object that to give their depositors promissory notes at three months would have been to imitate the Anerican banks, and that the depositors themselves might have disliked the arrangement; but what better plan would the Economist have recommended ? Instead of being compelled to use their own credit in an empirical manner, they have contrived to induce the nation to adopt that course; but surely those who advocate the independence of trade and finance from all Government interference cannot defend such a palpable departure from sound nrinclnlA SPECIX. NOV. IU. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TINMS. Sir,-With reference to the statement contained in your City Article of to-day's paper, that the Bank Charter Act bas been infringed, "the regular issue having been exceeded by 180,0001 beyond the prescribed 14,000,0001,," permit me to draw your attention to the provisions of the Act in ques. tion (the 7th and 8th Victoria, cap. 32), from which it will be observed that section 5 expressly provides for the increase of the amount of notes issued on securities beyond the 14,000,000l, In the event of other issuing banks ceoaing to issue their own notes, and by an order in Council the Bank of England may be authorized to issue additional notes on securities to the extent of two-thirds of the amount of the notes of such banks ceasing to Issue. The great and sudden void created In the note circulation of the United Kingdom by the stoppage of the Western Bank of Scotland and City of Glasgow Bank is exactly such a case as is contemplated and provided for by the Act of Parllament; and regarding the Government letter a3 at Itast equivalent in existing circumstances to an order in Council it will follow that the Bank Charter Act has really not at present boen infringed, and that untl the amount of extra notes issued on securities be found to exceed the amount provided for in the case of the faUure of other issuing banks It is not accurate to say that the Bank Charter Act has already been actually infringed. I may perhaps also be permitted to remind you that "1 4,000,000" is not now the correct amount of notes issued on securities pursuant to the Act, the fifth sectiont having on a former occasion been called into operation by an order in Council, and the amount of notes legally issued on securities thereby extended. I am. Sir. vor v Ann - i- A. E. F. I (iay's.ini.
FATAL ConLLiny AcoTDEv.-Twelve men have been suffocated In the Staveley Coliery, Derbyshire. The colliery is known as the Holllngwood Pit, and is the largest at these extensive works, employing about 300 men, and the coal raised Is about 300 tons dally. There are about 600 safety lamps in use at the colliery. The men left the pit on Saturday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, the usual time, wben everythiDg appeared to be safe, tbe furnace-man being the only person left in the colliery. The duties of the furnace-man commenced at 6 o'clock, and terminated at 6 on Sai-day morning. While he was In the pit he thought he smelt a strong smrell of smoke, but took no notice untUi another man camne to relieve him. At 7 o'clock the furnace-man was called away by a workmen connected with the colliery. At 4 o'clock the same morning a son of Fowkes, a horsekeeper, was down the pit, and he notieei some smoke issuing from the lamp. room or cabin in the pit bottom. He communicated what he had seen to Home other persons, who conveyed the information to Mr. Daniel Cooper, the resident principal under. ground steward. Mr. Cooper then selected 12 of the most experienced muen at the works to accompany him into the pit to put out the fire. They each took a bucket and descended the sbaft, when instructions were given by Mr. Cooper to Charles Vardy, a deputy, to open some air doors. The consequence of this was that the ventilation of the pit was stopped. Every possible exertion was subsequently made to prevent the progress of the fire. Yesterday mornlno Mr. Woodhouse, mining engier, acrived at the collier, when Mr. Jeffeock, Mr. g.edley, and Mr. Buxton went do wn the pit, and found the air circulating through its proper course. Another dam was put in about 900 yards down the incline. Mr.Woodhouse and Mr. Hedley then went to the bottom of the incline, close to the seat of the fire, and, finding it dangerous to proceed further down, they retraced their steps, and between the bottom of the incline and the last dam which had been put in the folowting bodies were found:-Daniel Cooper, resident head underviever, married, but no chUdren; Alexander Cooper, colliery viewer, brother to the last-named, who was on a visit to his brother; Alexander Scott, manager of the ventilation of the pit, married, left a widow and two daughters; Thomas Scott, son of the last-named deceased; Joel Walters, I d7eputy, left widow and eight grown-up peraons; George wagstaff, collier, left widow, but no family; W. Chapmnu, collier, left widow and eight children; Thomuas Truman, lamp cleaner, married, but no famlUy. The following persons are still in the plt, and no doubt is entertained about their lives having been lost:-Joseph Corns, colier, married, but no children; Richard Fowkes, horsel-eeper; Richard Fowkes, son of the last named; Thomas Scott, collier, unmarried; William Trtman, collier, maaired, widow and seven children. The bodies were found ia the position of men escaping from suffocation, and the distance from the first to the laOt discovered was 200 yards. A coroner's inquest upon the bodies recovered was commenced last evening. FATAL GuN ACCIDFNT.-On Sunday morning the inhabitants of Leicester were much shocked by a report that Mr. Richard Shirley Han-is (an extensive manufacturer, and nephew of Mr. J. D. Htarris, one of the members for the borough had been found shot in the neighbourhood of the town. It appears that deceased, a youDg man of 23, went out shooting on Saturday afternoon, at New-parks, and not returning at the time expected bis fliends grew very alarmed. An active search was made for bim by friends assisted, by some members of the police force. The search continued throughout the night, bht proved unavailing until daybreak, when shortly before 7 =iS corpse was discovered about 2GO or 300 yards from the farmhouse 'whence he had started. There was not the slightest mark that any struggle had taken place, and from the position of the wounds it was evidently impossible that deceased had voluntarily discharged his gun. There was an extensive gunshot wound tarough his arm, a.Ld the shot appeared then to have penetr.ted the chestand broken the main trunk of the circulating "sstem, causing almost instant death. The cause of the accident is supposed to be that deceased was crossing some rails with his gun behind him, and that a quickset fence, against which the trigger of the gan caught, had causedt he gaun to explode. Mr. Harris's gold watch and money were found perfectly safe. His dog had remained with the corpse all night. The gun was a double-barrelled one, and shortly before 5 o'clock a labourer had heard two raporte of a gun in quick succession from the direction in which deceased wasfound. A coroner's inquest was held on Sunday evening, when a vordict of "A Accidental death" was returned. Poon-ntmTm AND PAnr.ERsM.L-A return published on Saturda (it was moved for last session by Alr. E. Bouverie, ILP.) shows that in the 13th week of the current sear, 1857, the total number of paupers relieved in England and Wales anounted to 816,250 ainst 817,310 in the corresponding week of 1856. It is highly satisfactory to be assured, as we are by the figures of this return, that this decrease of pauperism was not confined to one week, but extended to every week of the year,-that isto say, dating from Miohaelmas, 1856, when theperiod commenced. The decrease of in-door pauperism varied from 0-3 to 1 8 per cent., and that of out-door pauperism from 0-2 to 2-5 per cent The general decrease varied from 0-1 to 2-4 per cent. It should to noted that in the lest three weeks of e series ( the 11th, 12th, and 13th) there was a slight increase of in>tocr pauperism, but-the geraral result of the eWurns wa a, dlecrease} varying from 0 1 to 0-6 per vent.
PBRINCES'S THEATRE. Last night a now farce preceded the TempesC, which, after a brlliant career of several moutbs, will shortly be Withdrawn to mLke room for RicBard II., alikc celebrated for its splendour and accuracy as an historicallspectscle, and for the fLne actiug of Mr. Kean as the fallen monarch. The new farce, which is called a Case of Conscience, is founded on a French piece entitled As-tu tue le Mandari, I written by Mg. Monnier and Mattin, and produced at the Palais Royal in November, 1855. While, however, the French idea is preserved, the story is adapted to London life by a remodelling of some of the incidents and a rewriting of the dialogue. The Idea itself is singular enough. In the works of Jean Jacques Rousseau a pasage occurs in which a ' case of conscience" is put preoisely similar to that which ancient moral philosophers used to embody in the fable of Gyges and his ring. Suppose by touching a spring in Etrope ve could occasion the death of a Mandarin in China, and thus become the inheritors of his enormous wealth, without the smallest cbance of incurring the susplcion of murder, or even of knowving our victim, should we have courage to resist the tempta. tion ? In other words, is there any impediment to crime beyond the fear of punishment? This question is answered in the affirmative by the new farce, which inculcates the n oral that conscience is of Itself a Wemess, even in cases where mundane retribution is altogether impossible. Mr. (lamber, a gentleman of almost desperate circumstances, has accidentally becomespossessedof afragmentof paper,imprinted ith the question propounded by the Genevese philosopher. His own condition renders him a very fit subject for temptas tion, and the idea of touching a spring in Londou, and becoming rich by the deoease of " John Chinanan" at Pekin, haunts him like an alluring demon. At last, in a state of frenzy, he fancies that the bell-knob at the streetdoor of his chambers is the spring required for the mighty experiment, he touches it, and at once he discovers at his feet a pocket-book containing notes to the value of 5,00l. Has he indeed kiled" John Chinn^nnn ?r No. The pocket-book is marked with certain initials belonging to an owner of chambers in the same house with himself; and to him must the treasure be returned. Bat the person in question is so deeply occupied with an earldom to which he has an imsagnarytitle that hecannot afford to bestow a moment's attention upon Clamber, and abruptly leaves him with the pocketbook in his hand. The astounded Clamber has now reason to believe that the Mandarin is killed after all, and that reparation is impossible. He resolves therefore to enjoy his ill-gotten wealth, and proroses marriage to a Miss Stokes, whom he han hitherto feared to woo on account of his poverty. But isAs Stokes has an eccentric brother, named Seneca, on whom she depends, and who, having made up his mind that none but a poor man shill be his brother-in-law, rejects Clamber on account of his %wealth. Clamber now tries to get rid of his money anyhow, and as a final expedient sends it to his etockbroker, with instructions to operate for a rise while there is a general fall in the market. The real owner of the notes isat last revealed, Ile is not " John Chinaman," but a British subject, whom Clamber, on returning home drunk the night before, has met on the stairs and knocked down, thus involuntarily c-auing his property to fall from his pocket, while darkness threw a veil over the aggressor and the consequences of aggression. The affair is at length traced to Clamber, who, beJng requested to restore the money as some amends for the wrong he has done, finds himself in a difficult position. Fortunately, stocks have risen, in spite of the expectation that they would faUl; and Clamber having thus realized a handsome fortune the pocketbook comes back intact, and is at once restored to its proper owner. As for Seneca Stokes, his scruples against money are easily overcome, and Clamber 1s allowed to be happy, with a conscience free from the blood of "John Chinaman." This little piece owed its success in a great measure to the very complete manner in which It was actod by the comnpany. The part of Clamber, to which aU the others are subordinate, was interpreted by Mr. David Fisher in a semi.trez,'c style that was completely in aocordance with the moral purpose of the story. Mr. F. Cooke as the man mad on the subject of his pedigree, Mr. Raymond as the moral "humbug," and hs6 lurray as a pert voluble servani-of-all-work, impersonated the minor oddities of the tale, and each of them achieved a distinctive delinealion of character. The scene of action is suppoEed to bh the gravelwalk of an " inn of court," and is very prettily represented with all the appurtenances of doorways, trees, and a perter'sbox.
4DELPHI THEATPE. La Legende de 'Homme sans Tete, a fantastic melodrama, by MM. Edouard Brisebarro and Eugene Nos, which, when produced at the Ambigu Comilque last August, caused no small astonishment at Paris, was brought out last night at the Adelphi in English form, with a title literally translated from the original-the Legend of the ZeadWs Alan. The gentleman who subsequently performs the promise implied In this title by becoming headless is Carl Blitzen, a Heidelberg student, who with his erudite pursuits combines the capacity of a robber chief, for at the time when the action is supposed to take place the morals of Heidelberg were at a very low ebb, and students were in the bad habit of stopping passengers on the highway. So vigorous is the constitution of Carl that he actually enjoys a plethora of vitality, and is on this account contemplated with a greedy eye bythelearnedDoctorNeiden, who hasdevoted himself to the occultsciences, and thinks that he has found a subject(in the anatomical sense of the word) for a novel experiment. The singular vitality of Carl soon developes itself in mesmeric ,otenoy. He falls in love with Christine, the betrothed of Count do Valberg, whom he secs at an inn, where he has just been " enjoyinghimself," and magnetizes to such good purpose that she obeys his slightest hint, comles when he caUls her, waltzes when such is his desire, and altogether grows so very compliant that her Iintended" deems it advisable to separate her from her new friend as speedily as possible. Having displayed his magnetic capabilities, Carl new turns to account his predatory talent. At the head of his fellow-students be stops the carriage that carries away his heart's treasure and is at first triumphant over the Co-ant. However, the nmilitary," who make their appearance, comRpletely change the aspect of affairs, and Carl finds himself in the disagreeable position of a criminal, incarcerated and sentenced to death. StiUl his energy is undiminished. On the one hand he arranges with a companion who visits him disguised as a monk a plan of escape from the scaffold. On the other hand he (somewhat fraudulently) vends his body to the necromnntic doctor, who pays himn ready money for the valuable article. When he has reached the scaffold he perceives a lady rushing franticaUy through the crowd, and utters the cry "Christ3ne." This beloved name is the signal agreed upon with his old comrades. A rush is made upon the scaffold, and a rescue is then effected, but Carl, chiefly through the aidof the Count, is speedily re-captured, and, resuming his placeupon the scaffold, becomes a-head- Thanks to the vitality of Carl and the science of his friend the doctor, the little inconvenience occasioned by the process of decapitation is soon repaired. The daring head is fitted anew on the brawny shoulders,and the adventurous student Is as weU and as strong and as reckless as ever. Learning that the fair Christine is about to marry Count de Valberg, he suddenly appears at the nuptial feast, makes love to the bride anew, and proves that he is no ghost by running the Count through the body. This last exploit enables him to carryoff Christine, but he has raised an enemy on which he had not calculated-the shade of the slaughtered Count-which cbtrudes itself on every occasion, t-U the recapitated man is nearly tormented out of his second life. Stung to madness, he at last attempts to stab the spectre, but Christine is the victima of the misdirected blow; and now the despair of Carl exceeds all bounds. 'When the cup of earthly misery has beeu drained to the very dregs the nether regions claim their victim, and Carl quits the world somewhat after the fashion of Don Juan, while the spirit of Christine ascends after the precedent of Marguerite. Bverything that could be done to render this strange, wild story, acceptable to the English public was done last night at the Adelphi Theatre. New and approprate senery conducive to several remarkable effects, had oeen painted Mr. Webster, who made bis first appearance for the season, looked magnificently as the full-blooded, reckless Carl, and most adnmirably contrasted with his earthly beginnings the preternatur-l change produced by decapitation, and Its miraculous remedy - Madamne Celeste, as Christine, gavo a most ingenious defineation of a passion produced by nagnetic influence, as distinguished from a genuine lovo ; Mr. Selby made of the doctor hungry after a victim to be sacrificed on the altar of science a most characteristic sketch. Bat, though tho curiosity of the audience wa3 ex. cited by the earlier part of the drama, their interest begau to flag as the horrors were more and more accumulated, and when Pandemonium, with all its awfulness, was revealed at the conclusion disapprobatiou was freely expressed. The Parisian public is quite prepared to follow a 'dramatist into any region, celestial or infernal, but Britons are wh!msical in this respect. Sometimes they bolt down a whole legion of fiends without a wry face; at other times the smallest imp will be repelled with aver6ion. Had the third act last night kept up the excitement produced by the first two, the audience would probably have been less fastidious about the descent of Carl and the ascent of Christine; but, as it was, their antidemoniac sense was developed to an uanusual degree of acuteness. After the fall of the curtain, Mr. Webster, in answer to the caU of a numerous body of applaiders, came forward with Madame Celeste, and solicited the kindly feellug of the audlence in consideration of tho difficulties that attended the production of such a piece in so small a theatre, and expressed s hope that in future it would be so performed as to merit general approbation. By this speech he did not render himself justice. In his twofold capacity of manager and actor he had done all that could possibly be required, as far as the representation of the piece was concerned, anld ho had been well backed by his compan7. It w as tho work of MMI. Brisebsrr and Nus that the disapproving portion of tshe a.udience did not relish,
MAILS FOIL Il-TWA, &C.) VIA MARlSELULE.-4t having been founa t)iat, tmaor exilsting arrangenments, the rmails for India, &e., despatched vio 8outhlampton, suffer considerable dela3, oithor at Malta or Alexandria, while waiting for the arrival of the mails forwarded vsd Marsefflles it is ntended, with a view of obristing this delay, adt h a.ne time of accelerating the arrival inL London of the hompward maiils from India, to dospatoli the maails for India uict Marseilles one day ealier than at present. Commen cng therefore with the first mail despatched in January naext the mnails for the Mediterranenn, India, China, &c. s,n b wy f Mrsiles wllhemade up in London on i,eevnins f te th nd~thofeach month, except w'.en hos dtesfaUonSunay,onwhich occrasons the raais wll e m~deup o th evnin ofthe following dlay. By ommnd f te ostastr.Gnerl,RONWLAD EIILT.5
THE M'RDER IN HITFORDS.IMz STEVlN&GER, N`0Y. 19, The inquest upon the body of John Starkins, one of the Ilertfordshire constabulary, who was found brutally mur dered near Stevenage, was resumed to-day before Mr 0. Times, coroner for the Hitchin district. Sice the adjoerunment the exertions of the poice toe cure additional evidence have been unremitting, and ol Friday last the important link required to connect the prisoner with the crime was found, the police-constables, on making a renewed search of the prisoner's cottage, having discovers-d tbe remains of a smockfrock vith the sleeves tora out and a large portion of the body missing. This smockfrock has been traced to the prisoner, and on examining it a great number of spots of blood were distinotly visible. In adition to this some other evidence had been obtained, Which will bo found below. Captain Robertson, the chief constable of Hertfordshire, assisted by Superinterdent Barnes, again conducted the case before the coroner, but the pri8oner on this occasion was not represented. The following additional evidence was given Mr. Superintendent Barnes, oa being sworn, said,-I arrested Carpenter on suspicion of murder on the 3d of November, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Previous to the prisoner being removed from the house my attention vrag c to the shirt produced, and I asked the prisoner howr he accounted for some stains I found on the left wristband, and which an attempt apoeared to have been made to remove. It had been stiffened by something being put on it, and the prisoner said it was caused by the lotion which he bad been using for his leg. I found the bottle of lotion, and now produce it. On the same day l reDeived the wicker basket, the boots, and the gaiterm. In t3se wicker work of the basket I found some grains of wbeat and barley, and the prisoner's wife in his presence said, "There's no wheat there; do you think that if there had been any wheat there we should not have got rid of it " Spots of blood were found on the basket, and on the following Saturday I cut out the pieces of the veicker work on which the stains of blood were and delivered them to Dr. Taylor. When I took the basket in my handat the prisoner's house I mnade an observation about the blood, when prisoner'a wife said, " You can't nmake blood where there is no blood, can you?" The trousers produced were taken off the prisoner at the time, and delivered with the other things mentioned to Dr. Taylor. On Saturday, when the prisoner was before the magistrates I stated that blood had been found upon his clothes. whlen the prisoner said, " It wasn't the blood of tbat man." When I took possession of the basket first it was quite wet, and had the appearance of having been recently washed oat, and it contained a wet cloth, which on examination presented several stains. The wife resisted the attempt of the police to obtain possession of the bnk-et. On Friday last I received two pieces of smocfrock, which I now produce before the jury, and on which are several marks of blood. They were given to me by Inspector Hawkes. I had eeveral times searched the priSOner's cottage between the 3d and the 9th witbout being able to find the pieces of smock, and I can positively swear that they were not in the place where they were afterviards found. On the left gaiter there is an appearance as if a button had been dragged off, and a button had been found by the police. On the thread left on tbe gaiterblood is viible. There are several missing buttons on each gaiter, and those that remain on are not al like. The part of the gaiter corresponding to the missing button presented the aearance of having been recentl y tom. The gathers, lo, of the shirt were mnuch torn. The witness then gave the distances of the ground from actual measurement. From Carpenter's hoase to the place where the large quantity of wheat was found the distance was 2.53 yards; from that spot to where the blood was found was 931 yards- 'romt the place where the marks of blood were visible to tbe pond was 2-) yards; and between the spot at which the first struggle took place and that covered with blood five freshly-pulled turnips were found lying on the ground. The spot at which they were picked up would be in the direct line of a man going from the Railway-field to the placeo at which the wheat was spilt: The distance fromn the blood spot to the newly-pulled turnips was 40 yards. Carpenter kept a pig, and in the sy I found swede turnip parings of a sinmilar description to the turnips which bad been pulled up. On searching the prisoner's house I found about a bushel and a half of barley in the bedroom, and there was also a quantity of pig's meatmeal of somie description. By the Jury.-I did not find turnips of any kind growing in Carpenter's garden. The witness then produced the knife and the dothes of the murdered man, and pointed out that in the collar of the coat was a cut which corresponded exactly with the shape of the knife. Mr. Smith, the medical gentleman examined to-day, stated that in his opinion the weapon would have produced the wound in the throat of the deceased. There was also & out in the trousers of the prisoner which might powsibly have been made by that instrument. The knife in question is a common clasp-knife with a buckhorn handle, rather blunt at the point, and with a jagged edge. The blade is 3A inches ma length. It was taken from Carpenter's son by Police-constable Titmus on the morning of the day on which the prisoner was arrested. David Carpenter, a boy about 17 years of age, and son of the prisoner, was called and acknowledged that the knife belonged to his father. Inspector llawk-es gave some additional details, and produced the two torn pieces of smockfrock which had marks of blood on. He stated, that on Friday last he found the two pieces in question in a cupboard in Carpenter's house. He was certain that they had been placed there since he made the previous search. Not only had he searched that particular capboard, but the whole house, and no such pieces of snsock frock were then to be seen. Edward Samuel Evans.-I am a police inspector stationed at Hemel Hempstead. On Thursday, the 5th, I was searching Gunnell 's-wood for the purpose of finding the hat ofE he deceased, which is nowrmissing, and any evidence of corn having been hid in the wood, as I suspected Carpenter of takiog corn from his master and concealing it there, it being in a straight line froni the field where he was at work on Friday, the 30th, to his residence. I boelieve the field is called Railway-field. A man named lNorman, a labourer out of work, drew my attention to a p lace in the wood where there was a lot of long, loose grass and leaves, and on examination I found underneath some corn, which lookced as if it had been spilt from a large quantity, and which I supposed had been hidden there. The place appeared to me to have been used as a place of concealment for some time. The corn which appeared to have been spilt was of the same description as that produced at the inquest and shown to MIr. Moules. Gunnell's-wood is about 450 yards from Mr. Horn's farm, and is not in a direct line between the farm and the field whereCarpenter was at work with the men drilling wheat on the Thursday preceding the day on which the body was found; but it is not very much out of the way. Gunnell'swood is in a direct line between the field whbre Carpenter was at work and his own residence. There was a halfbeaten track in the wood where the wheat was found in a direct line to Rail way-field, and also another beaten track from the same spot in the direction of Cooper's Brach-s. I have walked the distance from Railway-field to the prisoner's cottage through the wood in wh:ch the wheat was found, and through Cooper's Braches, and it takes me 1S; miutes walking lelsurely. Wiliam Isgate was recalled, and stated that on Saturday last by direction of Inspector Hawkes he went to Cooper's Braches, to the spot where the wheat vas found, and carefully sifted some mould taken up from that spot, He now produced a button which he took out of the sieve. It was X pearl button, and so were the buttons on both gaiters. Several buttons on the gaiters were misslng. Inspector Capron, sworn.-On Tuesday, the 3d of Niovember, I took the prisoner to the police-station at Hitchin. While taking him there in a cart I remarked, "It is an awful murder, and it is an awf ul thing for you to be charged with it." He said, "You, Sir, did not see mo do it, nor nobody else. They have got to find that out, and if they find oiut I done it I must bide the consequencesthat's alL" On the 8th the prisoner was at the station, and I observed some blood on a piece o stuff ho had been using to bathe his leg. I asked him how it came there, and he said it came from his nose; that his nose bled whenever he had a cold. William Day, a labourer, stated that the morning of tho day on which the prisoner was taken up he called at Carpenter's cottage to know how his leg was, and he said it was very little better. Witness then said, It's a shocking thing about this murder; I suppose they'll try and bring you in for it." He replied, "Idare say tbey'll have me up to-day, because there's been two doctors looking at me; but I'm innocent, and if Im innocent they can't hurt me." William Sheppard, the little boy previously examined at the inquest, vwas recaUed, and stated that on the Set=Jday after Carpentur hurt his foot Mrs. Carpenter catue to him. in the inorning annd told him that he must not say anything about Master Carpenter hurting his foot in the school because if he did they would hang him, father and ll; and on the evenlng when the accident took place his 'Sheppard's' father told himr that If he said anything about it at school he'd pay him, meaning that he' d get a thrashing. At this stage of the proceedings Mr. Superinitendent. Barnes intimated that if it was considered necessary he had. still some fartber evidence to lay before the jury, bat they seemed to think that it was unnecessary. The Coroner then carefuUy read over the evidence, com- menting upon the suspicious circumstances of the case as they affected the prisoner charged. He observed that no oneo could doubt from the evidence that a dreadful murder bad. been committed. That was rendered perfectly clear from. the testimony of the medical gentlemen examined, and itwas their duty ta say by their verdict whether the ciroumstances detailed afforded grounds of suspicion so strong as to> warrant them in returning a verdict of wilul murder against Jeremi3h Carpenter, or vhether they cousidered it> better to return an open verdict. He comsnented stronglupnon the circumstance of the spots of blood being founad on, Carpenter's cothes, and on the fact that tho greater portion. of the smock.'rock, on which -probably thare was a much. larger quantity of blood, being destroyad. On the cenelusion of the Ccwoner's address the reom. wa cleared, and the jury remained in consultation a3out !alfan-hour. On the readmission of tha public, The Ebremaa stated thai the finding of the iuy wa That the deceased, John Starkins, was murdered oii the night of Friday, the :30th of O.ctober last, and tlhat they returned a verdict of wilful murdez against Jeremiah The prisoner, who is at prsent inoarcerated in Hertford Gaol on remand, was theu foymally coommitted to take his trial on the Coroner'l inquisition, and the witnese0s wer bound over to appeoa at the trial. FIDE1.ITY IN OUDF--Tho following is an extr2ct of a letter fronm. Major-General Sir James Outram, G.C.B., dated, Camp, left bark of the Ganges, oppoite Cawrpore, September 20 1&.7 :-' I have the pleasure to forwa'd extracts fro.n a letter I have to-day received from Vtptain, Patricl; Orr, dated the 13th inst., from Mitaulee, the residenco c,f a lAjah in Oade, under whose protectlot CaWnuin Orr, three other gentlemen, two lndies, and tv.n c Ai,drs haoe been preserved since the ortbreak; and, )Ao, ofLx&ota f-om IUeuteuant Burnes, writing rorna tho sams plse, who mentions that there .3re nine men and three Idlies ,uder protection of anotber chief at a place called mutteata, in Onde. There are ten chieftains of Oudo vho havo provej their fidelity to Government by prQtectiug tur subQegt,b"
FOBBfG.Z INTELLIGENCB. FRANCE. (FRONE OUR OWN CORRnPOI,-DZNT.1 (A portion of tbe following appeared in our second edt. ilmn? f -*-a.._ I BARIS, SUNDAY, Nov. 15, 6 r.4 The French Government is, I am assured, really desirous tlht the feud which haa raged between M. de Thouvenel and Redschid Pasha should cease, and, whatever may be the feelings of those personages towards each other, that, at all events, their external relations should be resumed. It must be inconvenient for the representative of a foreign Sovereign to have no intercourse vhatever with the Grand Vizier. A telegraphic deepatch received yesterday from Constantinople announces that the Ambassadors of RPusia and Pru8sia had again set to work to bring the two great meu to an understanding. It is now said that France and Russia are not un- i willin to modify their views respecting the Princlpalities, and that, whatever those vies are, Prussia is agreed with those Powers. The Turkish Government, it appears, desires that Fuad Pasha should assist Mehemet Bey, its Ambassador in Paris, during the Congress, which is nowt believed to be fixed for the end of D?ecember. Fuad is well acquainted with the Principalities. M. Hubner will not now quit Paris. He had yesterday an interview with the M.initer of Foreign Affairs, and it is probable that the project of union alluded to was the subject discussed by them. The EAmperor has signified his intention of providing for the family of his late Minister, M. AbbatucoL His third son, M. Charles Abbatucci, who is now a Maitre des Requetes of the first class, wiU be named Coundllor of State, and his nomination will be gazetted in a day or two. The eldeet brother is aLieutenant-Colonel inthe army; and the second, who is a member of the Legslative Body, will, it is thought, be named Senator. The bust in marble of the deceased Minister will be presented by the Bmperoz's order to the town of Ajacoio. M. Fould, Minister of Stawte, delivered the following address yesterday, at the conclusion of the funeral service over the remains of M. Abbatuccl, in the chapel of Pare la Chaise:- "Gentlemen,-An unexpected calamity, a profound grief, has brought us together. For the fifth time in six years we have been summoned to pay the last honours to a Minister of the Emperor. Our colleague, our friend, he who bas fallen before the time usually allotted to man, Jacques Pierre Charles Abbatuccl, was born in 1792, in that island whioh has been the cradle of the Imperial dynasty. His family, for a long period illustrious for their military services, gavo three Generalz to Italy and two to France. His three uncles died on the field of battle. At the peace another career was opened to the young Abba. tucci, in which he was destined to acquire a repntation not less iUustrious. In 1816 he entered the magistracy, to which he belonged for 33 yea, and through every stage of which he passed. Elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1839, he gave proofs in this double eareer of the highest integrity, of remarkable penetration, and of the firmest independence. As deputy he voted for Parliamentary reform; as magLstrate he delivered a speech in the Constituent Assembly deraonstating the incompatibility of the national representation with the functions of a paid servant of the State. Suiting his actions to his votes, he refused in 1840 to become First Pesident, and in 1849 he vacated his seat in the Court of Cassatlon to defend in the Legislative Assembly the cause of order and the true principles of government. Shortly after, the Emperor, who esteemed him, and who was acquainted with him previous to his being caUed to direct the destinies of France, rewarded 3 noble career-a constant fidelity-by confiding to him the office of Minister of Justice. He thus became and remained for nearly six years the respected and beloved chief of that magistracy, with aU whose wants and aU whose obligations he was acquainted, because he had zeligiously practised all its duties. Endowed with great perspicacity, a prompt and accurate judgment, his advice, whUe deputy, was alwayssought andcalways attended tobythepoll. tical party to which he belonged; animated with feelings of indulgent impartiality, which proceeded from long experience and a noble soul, he was an excellent judge of human nature, and during his period of office, which prematurely closed, he directed the magistracy by inspiring all its members with a feeling that their merits were appreciated. His great kindness of heart gave a greater value to his favours, and he knev, how to mitigate the paug of a refusal when necessary. Our laws bear lasting marls of his inspirations. By him criminal prosecutions have been accelerated, appeals from the police courts have been usefuUy centralized, and civil death has disappeared from our code. Other labours, unfinished but not lost, attest his solicitude for a progressive and continuous impulse to our legislation. To the councils of the Emperor he brought that moderation and sagacity which intellects of a high order derive from a long participation In political events. For these reasons our grief will long survive this melancholy ceremony in the recollection of us, his colleagues and friends, who were the daily witnesses of the firmness of his opinions and the suavity of his temper. That firmness and that suavity did not desert him at the hour of death-in his struggle with suffering, even when science sought a doubtful chance of recovery by the most painful of operations. The death of so virtuous a man is a lesson and a consolation. He found within his own breast the best consolation for an incurable malady. The nume. rous proofs of affection which were so justly given him by the magistracy and the highest order of our felowcitizens, the spontaneous effusion of ancient friendshipa last and affecting message from the Emperor-the pious devotion of his children, gave tranquillity to his lasIt moments. After being in communion with God he ceased to live-surrounded by his children, and pressing their hands in his until they were frozen by death. None of those who were acquainted with you can forget you, dear and regretted colleague! Your memory will live for ever in the hearts of your children, who are so worthy of you. It vwill be loved and honoured by those who survive to continue the common work, and who, in saying 'Farewell' to you for the last time, implore of Providence to inspire them with yooir example and your devotion to the public good." PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OWi conumroNZrV4T.) BERLIN, Nov. 14. The Bank of Prussia has found it expedient, apparently in anticipation of the crash that will also ensue here as soon as the money panic extends its influence to this place, to give notice to all persons who have deposited securities with it for loans tbat have rtun for now more than a year, that it requires repayment of the said loans and redemption of the said securities. It appears that the Bani has also observed the same course towards parties who have effected loans with that establishment only a few weeks back, but for this latter course it is presumed that special reasons have had great weight. The total amount thus called for does not at present exceed 300,000 thalers. Yesterday was the Queen's birthday, but no further public ceremonial was observed with reference to it than that the whole of the garrison on duty assumed their parade uniform; in the numerous schools and charitable establishinents, however, of avhic,h Her Majesty is patroness, the day was celebrated as one of rejoicing and holyday. The King has not yet removed to Charlottenburg; although he continues to gain in strength, he is not yet equal to the change. It seems to be arranged now that he shall for a time occupy the Royal Palace in the town of Potedam, which has the same advantage as Charlottenburg has, of being warmer than Sans Souci, while at the same time he would not be deprived of the good air and the pleasant drives about Potsdam; in Charlottenburg, the palace and gardens of which are no favourites with the King, he would have neither the good air nor the beautiful scenery that Potsdam affords. As the Pr . -s Prussia has only undertaken the conduct of public business, that which is the immediate business of the State political, all the affairs connected with the Royal house and family, which constitute here one of the eight Minisferien, or public departments, are being transacted by the Queen, as the next related to the head of the house. To this department belongs the management of all the variouis palaces and their retinues of servants, the privy purse, the different Royal mews, the hunting establishments, the theatres, &c., so that, as may weeU be imagined, there is an immensity of business waiting to be despatched by Her Majesty in the way of engagements, leases, contracts, pen.- Bions, &c. Prince Frederick William, having waited here till over the Queen's birthday, set off yesterday evening, accompanied by his Adjutant, Captain von Schwela! nitz, for Coblentz, where he will stay a couple of days, and then proceed toPugland,to bepresentontheoccasion of the Princess Royal's birthday on the 2lst being observed in a somewhat more ceremonious manner than has beern the case hitherto. He will leave England again at the end of the month, and arrive at Carlaruhe in time io spend his aistet's birthday with her. The Princess of Prusia wil arrive here on the 18th inst., to be prewent at the Queen's fte. The various &djutants of the Prince of Prussia who had hitherto remained behind in Coblentz have now received instructions to repair hither, and enter on their duty here. RTSSIA. (FROM OuB BVX JN fs COORnPOXDZ.) BERLIN, Nov. 12. An ukase of the 10th ult. accords to French subjects in Russia a preferential position as regards direet taxation before all other foreigners. AccordiDg to the hitherto existing law all foreigners who go to live in St. Petersburg or Moscow are required to pay certain taxes for the benefit of the funds of the town. These consist in one per cent. of the capital of which the foreigner declares himself to be possessed, and in case of his acquiing property there a payment of 57 silver roubles 14 copecks yearly. From the payment of these taxes, wthich have hitherto been levied inidiscriminately on all foreigners engaged in trade, the French are henceforth to be exempt, and as far as this preferential exemption goes it may justly form subject of dissatisfaction to our countrymen trading in the Russian capitals. There is, however, another recent change in the Russian laws afecting foreign traders that callr for the notice of our G vernment, and that is the recent regulation which requires any foreigner desirous of nsetting up in any other than wholesale import busineus in Russia to become a Russian subject. This is a narrow-minded measure of commercial police, more calculated to preclude all foreign commerce than any prohibitory tariff ever was, and stands in most unfavourable contrast with the more liberal and enlightened course lately entered upon by the Rusaln Government. It is still competent to foreigners to act as wholesale import merchants without giving up their nationality, but it is not allowable for them to break bulk; all packages must be sold by them ass they pass the Custom-house. This class of mercbant is always called in Ruian offlcial language 'foreign guest," and it is such of these forein guests as are Frenchmen who are now relieved from the payment of the Property-tax. In Moscowajoint-3tock company has been formed for dealing in metals and ores, the professed object of which is to liberate the producers of iron from the power of certain monopolists,who have hitherto made a very unscrupulous use of their exclusive power. To this end the company intends to erect smelting works and foundriesL In the Government of Tver a steam navigation company has just been formed "' for the trade of Northern Ru ," with a capital of 125,000,000 roubles The Wolga Steam Navigation Company has just comn pleted ifs shipbuilding works on an island opposite to Astrachan, including warehouses, smithies, workshops, offies, and dwellings for engineers, foremen, workmen, &c. This company contracted last year to supply the flotilla of thle Caspian Sea with four lroa screw steamers of 200-horse power each, 220 feet long, 36 feet wide, and 40,000 poods tonnage. Astrachan itself is another shiDbuilding establishment belonging to the house of Tetjuschinow and Co. which has almost completed its first vessel, the Xslnyk transport steamer of 200-horse power; this first one is now all but ready for launohing, and in next spring another vessel of similar size is to follow. The good folks in Astrachan are indulging the fond hope that the interruption caused by the disturbed state of the East Indies to the export of certain articles thence will give their products a chance of coming into the market, from which they had hitherto been excluded by the more successful competitors of the British possessions in India. This place seems to be attracting attention in England jUst now, it may be presumed for more weighty reasons than a mere interest in the caviar which is chiefly prepared there. Your columns lately contained an account of an English tourist's visit thither, and now the Astrachan journal mentions the arrival there, on September 18, of a nephew of Lord Wodehouse, our Minister at St. Petersburg. After passing a year at the mission in that city, Mr. Wodehouse had traveUed through Russia, with a view of making himself acquainted with the country; he was at the date of the article in the Astrachan journal busily engaged in examining the fisheries at that place, but was to leave there on the 1st of October for Baku, thence he was to pass on to Tiflis, the Crimea, and Odessa, and come home by way of Constanitinople. A day or two back I spoke of the shares of the Russian Steam Navigation and Commercial Company as standing at a disproportionally high quota. tion, considering that the result of its operations hitherto shows only a net profit of 5i per cent. per annum, and concluded therefrom that the Russian public must either have great confidence in the future prosperity of the undertaking, or else that there must be a plethora of capital in Russia. This latter view is also strengthened by the rate of discount there remaining at per 5 cent., and by the readiness with which so large a number of the Grand Railway scheme shares have been paid up in full lately. This plethora of capital, however, turns out on exanination to be rather the result of the unenterprising disposition of the nation, which prefers any investment, even at a low rate,with Government security, to the chances of a higher rate of profit and the risk of loss in any commercial undertaking. It is also a direct result of a step recently taken by the Russian Government to dispossess itself of a large amount of deposits in its provincial banks, wbich were in excess of its means of investing in a manner conformable to the statutes of those institutions. These latter required that the deposits should in all cases be invested in mortgages; the amount of deposits had already reached 1,000 millons of roubles, for which the Government allowed 4 per cent. interest, while, in spite of the deeply indebted state of real property in Russia, they could find investment only for 900 millions. To drive away the people, therefore, from these banks and compel them to invest their money in the great railroad scheme the Government a few months back reduced the rate of 4 per cent. interest to be had at the banks to 3 per cent., and guaranteed a minimum of S per cent. on the shares of the railway scheme. The Government has thus secured a large amount of capital to be invested in the railroaes, and out of the sas g it makes by the reduced -to of Interest alUowet a denosits, while it continues to charge the same formo. -- .ges, it will provide itself with means more or less ample to meet the difference between the earnings of the railroads and the 5 per cent. guaranteed by the Government. There appears from all accounts to be further quantities of capital still lying dormant in Russia from want of confidence on the part of the people in commercial enterprise, and resulting from the numerous restrictions and harassing regulations inflicted by the local institutions on aU industrial occupations. To this must be added that the extremely simple and primitive habits of the bulk of the population leave them no wants for the capitalist to supply. The result of this accumulation of capital in other than commerCal hands is that the prices of all the necessaries of life are incredibly high in St. Petersburg and Moscow, and that foreign luxuries form the only vent for the superfuous riches of the wealthy. ITALY. (1mom OVi OWN COREUSPONDENiT.) TURLN, Nov. 12. I do not think that any foreigner of ordinary in. telligence, and with eyes and ears open and attentive, who should have passed the last week in Tnrin, read the papers, listened to conversations, and observed what went on around him, could have avoided receiving a most favourable impression of the Piedmontese, as a sensible, practical, and moderate people, deserving of rational liberty, possessing it, and resolved to maintain it. At the eve of elections in the result of which-of vital importance to the liberties of the nation-the most eager interest is manifested by aU the intelligent classes, he would have been struck by the decorum and orderthat characterize the proceedings of both the press and the public. The great Liberal party is doing its work soberly and steadily, and wil doubtless achieve a signal triumph. The papers do their best to stimnlate its energies and guard it against negligence and dangerous security. n a few pithy paragraphs this morning's Opinione addremes and warns the electors of Turin. To-day are issued the certificates of inscription for voters. These are bidden not to neglect taking them out, or to endanger the cause by indulging in the culpable delusion that the Liberal candidates have no serious competitors. They are reminded that the clerical party is doing Its duty to itself and musteringallits resources, and thatit would do the same though it were persuded of failure. Bewe, then, Liberal electors," says the ;Op , " of indolence, and of relying one upon the other, that you may not hereafter have to reproc1 your selves with neglect." Such exhostations are !imely and judicious} but to all appeance they are avaoly needed. It is one thing to be well off, and another to know it. The Pledmontewe have the consciouiness of their improved and fortunate condition, and are on their guard against a pomible relapse into old miseries. Their attitude at the present period of electoral excitement i3 honourable to them, and a credit to the constitutional cause in Europe, which is much more to be advanced by examples such as are here presented to the nations than by aecret plottings and subversive projects. Such appears to be the conviction In Piedmont, and the ultras are ia no favour. The results of the election will probably sbow that the recent Mazzinian attempt has damaged them and strengthened the Gove rnent., without throwing anything worth the naming into the hands of the retrograde pirty. We here are in daily expectation of leaning the release of the two English engineers of the Cagliari; for we do not suppose that the Neapolitan Government will resist the demand to that effect which we hear has been made by England, accompanied by an intimation that, in came of refusal, the guns of Admiral Lyons' fleet, silent since Sebastopol, will open in front of Naples Some wonder is expressed at the captlvty of these two poor men having been so long tolerated. It is thought not improbable that they have by this time been quietly released, and that the Neapolitan Government will try, as far as porsible, to conceal that their liberation was the consequence of a menace. Up to yesterday the clerical party had notventured to put forward an opposition candidate to Count Cavour, who stands for the first College of Turin, but to-day I learn that they adopt a M. Gattinara, wrho wTas Judge in 1888, at the period of those sanguinary executions which were one of the greatesvt blots on the reign of Charles Albert, and who sent to the scaffold not a few of the victims of that time of unsparing persecution. Such an opponent as this is apoditive gain to the cause against ;vhich he p resents himself, and to the candidate with whom he contends. NAPLE. 1NAPLESJ Nfov. 7. Tlhe seclusion in which the prisoners of Saprl have been kept has awrakened here general surprise and indignation. After repeated and futile efforts made by the Sardinian Minister at th:e instance of his Government to se them, a state of inaction has followfed, as the only step w.hich now remains to be adopted would be one involving violence. That which, however, might be inconven;ient for Sardinia to do becomes a duty for a country the boast of whose Prime Mintister lt wfas that everv Englishmen could say in the spirit, though not m tbe same words, (Jivis llomanus sum. EIere, in the Two Sicilies, it Is no longer so, and every one feels that the dignity of his country is compromised, and his personal security diminished by the imprisonment of his fellow-subjects for now from four to five months without trial, and by their being cut off from all communication with their consu;l. Even were this latter fact legal it would be a great discourtesy to England, but I have taken some pains to ascertain the opinions of men who thoroughlyunderstand the Neapolitan law, and by them I am informed tha5 the prohibition complained of is an unwfarrantable stretch of authority. I quote the opinions of legal men, and it becomes a question, therefore, whether the British subject in this country is to be made the victim of the samne caprice as the Neapolitan subject, and wfhether the power of England is now, as it often has been, to be defied by the Government of the Twfo Sicilies. Every one feels that that is now the point, and that it is time for Lord Palinerston to leave well-rounded periods and flattering epithets, and act upon a manly and straightforwvard view of things. The Blandford case is agrain put off from the 4th to the 13th inst., the reason being that the medical men wrere unable to attend. On expressing my fears that some epidemic might be prevaiJling, or that, at least, some dangerous case mig,ht command the attention of these witniesses, I was informed that the Court was indulgent to them just now, as they were speidfing their vilegqicurtc in the country-ergo, because the weather is fine justice is suspended in Naples. ln a recent letter I stated that the 3British Government had not given its consent to the landing of the cable in Malta, which was to connect it with Cape Passaro. My statement was perfectly correct, but further details were wanting, which I am now in a position to supply. The Mediterranean Extension Company, I1 am informed, have throwyn every obstacle in the way of this permission 'being granted, but hopes are enLtertained that it willl soon be given. With a view to remove these difflculties, inquiries have been institulted here as to whether despatches could be sent from Cape Passaro to London vid the lIague in quick time. In the event of such a possibility, it is suggested that a beat might take on despatches from Malta to Cape Passaro, and that intelDigence would thuls arrive in L:ondon 24 hours earlier than by the Caglisri route. The result of these inquiries is that the submarine cable is not yet laid down between Mte8sina and RWegglo, for reasons which I will explain later; that the wires from Messina to Passaro have been placed; that the Government will undertake to send despatches from Cape Passaro to any British agent or consul at Messina, by whom they shall be sent across toReggio, where again the Govel'nnent will undertake to send them on to London; but it will not take charge of them across the Straits' At the time that the Internatiop"l Telegraph Comtpany arranged with Mr. de Normann to tske his responsibility off his hancis certain mielifie - tions in the concession were suggcstE", 'vhich modifications were instantly acceded to by the Eing, though the amended conce3sion hsn naot b)een yet signed. The comr.any ther3iore refusee to send out the cable until that act has br iore, and until the British Government has, ui its consent. Once that these two demand2 h i)een complied with, the company promise ' . * at the cable and undertake to lay it .- - ursix weeks from the tim" 'h, the conce3ssu hia3 been signed. A repr. tu..U.on will be sent out: by the company, as soon as the permission of the British Government has been obtained.±o assist in procuring t,he signature of the amended concession. Tshus, then, the matter stands; and until the difficulties which our Government feels are removed, and unatil the Neapolitan Government signs the amended concession, nothing more can be donle. Newvs arrived here on Thursday that the line from CapeBon to Cagliari has been laid dowvn, and that the cable is already shipped and, I believe, en route for being laid down between Malta and CagliarL. Exchange on London 546; o per cents. 113 §. SPAIN. The Madrid /aazeefe, of the 11th inst., publishes a despatch from the Governor of the island of Cuba, dated the 12th ult., announcing that perfect tranquillity prevailed throughout the territory. It is said that the Bank of Spain is preparing to issue bank-notes of the value of 100 reals An extraordinary fall in the price of grain had occurred in all the Spanish markets.
T?rAL TRIP OF THlE NEmMIEsISoSO 31TToN Nov.14.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's neo sorew steamer Nemesis, whose arrival from the Clyde was reported in 2%1e Times of Monday last, went out for a trial trip to-day. She had a large party of scientific gentlemen and visitors on board, including, among others, Mr. James Allan (managing director), Admiral Thornton, Mr. J. I. Hadow, and Captain HaO, four of tho company's directors; Captain Engledue, the company's superintendent at Southamptonr; . A. Lamb, superintending engineer; Captain Guthrie, nautical Inspector to the company; Captain Kelloclk, and several others of the company's commanders; Mr. Rubie, surveyor to the Board of Trade; Messrs. Hnghes and Lake, Admiralty surveyors; Captain Ramsay, superintendent of mail packets at this port; Captain Henry Harris, of the Board of Trade, formerly in the Peninsular and Oriental Company's service; Commodore Brooks, Mr. W. A. Summers, Mr. T. Summers, Mr. Peter M'Gregor (brother to one of the ship's buUders), Sir Stephen Lushington, Lord Henry Cholmondeley, oIr. Bracebridge, &c. The Nemesis steamed to Stokes Bay, where she ran the measured mile four times, averaging about 12 knots, a result which was not ulte so favourable as might have been anticipated. It vw I'ound that she was too much by the stern, having in her 800 tons of coals, 100 tons of spare machinery, and a congiderable quantity of cargo. The most confident expectations are entertained by competent judges that whei ,laced on an even keel at least auother knot and a half will be got out of her. The engines worked admirably, makig 31 revolutions, and the sbip was perfectly steady, withoit theleastvibration. Afterthe trial was completed the party on board sat dowr in the epaeions saloon to a sumptuous dfjsdner, presided over by Captain Black, who will take the Nemesi out to Alexandria on her first voyage, leaving this port on the 20th. On retumring she will proceed t India, to be placed on one of the intercolonial lines, under the sommand of Captain Pattinson. The Nemesishas beea coated with Pecock and Buchauns patent eompoition for shipe bottom.. Her construction at Glugow wr superIntended by Captain Adam Kellock, who is now appointed by tho company to the same duties in relation to the Benares and Salsette, two new steamships building for them at Glasgow.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF cOAVP.fl-PV T--P- - - ROBSON V. THE EARL O D_VO?N ANfn ne (Beftore ah, LORD COHAWLLOB and thc LORDs JusTlEgs nw APP-.r. I ids W,as An Appeal from A decree of Vice-Chancellor BJtuart, dismIissig the bill with cobts. The plaintiff wAs a sharebroker, and seven of the defendants were the directors of an Abortive mining scheme, called " Tho Melbourne Gold andl General Mfining Association." The plaintiff was in. duced by certain other defendants to lendl 500. upon the security of some of the shares in the company, and aIso to purchae other shares for one of the defendants on certain terms. The bill was Iled to mnake the company responsible to the 3laintiff for the 5001. which he alleged he had been defrau ed of by the agents of the company, or had been induced to advance the money on the faith of the represents. tions put forth by the directors which turned out to be untrue. The Vice-Chancellor held that the allegatlons of fraud in the bil had not been made out by the evidence, nd that the plaintiff had not acted with common prndenoe and caution, and therefore dismissed the billt with costs. The case took a portion of nine days in argument in the court below. Mr. Malins and Mr. G. L. Russell appeared for the plaintif; M. Bcon M. Wlke, M. igramn, Mr. Crig, Mr. B. T. Smith, lr. T.Stekvern, Mr Sgmythe, Mr.Osborne, Ms. Baggallay. Mr. J. deL Giffard, and Mr. J. N. Higgins appeared for the several defendants. The case was not concluded.
VICE.CEANCELToRRm nITTR, v- lOOR;IOUSz V. COLVIN (Before Yicc.Chancdlor Sir R. T. Rn<mm Tv The arguments upon this demurrer, which was adverted to in VieT 1%& in our report of Saturday last, were resumed to-day. The suit to which this is supplementary has gone through various stages for many years, and relates to the estate of the late Dr. Peter Cochrane, who reslded at different periods in India, France, England, and Scotland, formed connexions In each, and left a very large estat. A lady named MoorhouOsewas a daughter of Dr. Cochrane by a lady in India, and sought to make out her claim to the property of her father by evidence of an Indian marriage ; varnous orders had been made in the suits relating to the evidence taken in their progress; the time for taking auch evidence closed some months since and the original causes were appointed to be heard to-morrow (this day). The present suit, beg supplementad, set ot the original bUl, and further stated that the plaintiffhad come to t!ta knowledge of a letter received by a lady in England from her husband, Alt Khan, in which it was stated that a respecteble woman at Cawnpore had been a witness to the mrriape of Mr. Moorhouse's mother with Dr. Cochrane, which wasj celebrated according to the Mahomedan ritual, and celebrated by rejoicings and a pyrotechnic display. Upon these grounds the biU prayed that the hearing of the original causes might be postponed until after the disturbanoes at Lucknow and Cawnpore had been suppressed, and asked for inquiries as to the alleged marriage. This bill was demurred to on the ground that no supplemental matter was alleged, but only additUonal evidence of facts set forth in the original causes. An application upon the subject in the parent suit would have been the regular course. Mr. Anderson and Mr. E. F. Smith appeared in supprt of the demurrer ; Mr. Glasse and Mr. Welford appeared In support of the bill. The VICE-CHAxCELLOR thought that the allegations of this bill were szch that no decree could be founded upon them. No new facts, in trath, were alleged, and therefore the demurrer must be allowed. FARRXR V. DAIN. This was a suit instituted by William Loxham Farrer, the treasurer of the Free Cancer Hospital, Cannon-row, Parliament-street, to administer the trusts of the 'wil and codicil of Miss M. A. Billington, deceased. By her will, dated the 13th of May,1854. after appointing the defendant, loratio Dau, and John Wilkinson executors and trustees, she gave and bequeathed various charitable and other legacies, and then gave all the residue of her personal estate to her said trustees upon trust to convert the same into maoney, and to divide the net produce thereof equaUy among the several charitable objects thereinafter mentioned. Her will then specified 17 of such objects, as to 15 of which no question arose, but as to the remaining two a question was raised, whether they took any benefit under the will in the events that happened. The gift so far as relates to these two objects was as follows :-" To the rector for the tlmo beIng of the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth, in trust, to be applied by him in aid of the fund raised for the endowment of the 'Thank Offering Church' in the same parish, the rector for the time being of the same parish in trust to be applied by him towards the education of thechildren of thepoorinhabitants belonging to the established church of England of the district in which the said church should be situated, as he should think best adlapted to the purpose, the two last mentioned objects to be considered as distinct, and the rector for the time beina of St. Mary, Lambeth, to be entitled to two equal shares ol the residue in respect thereof." The wil then provided that if from any cause the residuary bequest should fail as to any one or more of the objects named the share or shares given to such objects should not lapee, but should be enally divided between the other objects. The testatrix died the 6th of January, 1855, and the plaintiff, who waS the treasurer of one of the charitable institutions named in the will, filed this bill, alleging that the " Thank Offering Church" in the will mentioned was at the date of the will intended to be built by subscription; that a considerable sum was subscribed for the erection thereof, but not sufficient for the purpose; that the intention to build the church had been abandoned for the present, and that in consequence of such abandonment the executors alleged that they could not safely distribute the estate of the testatrix. The only question raised was whether tho gifts to the rector of Lambeth for the time being in trust as aforesaid were or were not valid. The Chief Clerk had certified that a fund amounting to 5201. 7s. 3d. Consols had already been raised for the endowment fund of the " Thank Offering Church" in the will mentioned. That donations and subscrip%ions. amounting in -the whole to the sum of 23491. 17s. 3d., had been collected towards a fund for the erectioni of a church proposed to be built on such part of the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth, which was situate east of Walcot-placo, on the occasion of the general thanksgiving on the disappearance of the, cholera in the united kingdom; that the proposed new church had not been erected, nor had the site thereof been determined. Also that the object and purpose to which the said fund for the endowment of the church was applicable was the provision of a permanent income for the incumbent of the church when erected. It appeared from the evidence in the cause that there was no intention to abandon the erection of the "Thank Offering Church," but that at present there was not vitbin the district appropriated for such church any eligible site to be procured. Under these circumstances the question raised was what was to be done with the two shares of the residue given as above mentioned. Mr. GlasEe and Mr. De Gex, for the plaintll submitted wvether under the circumstances the present rector of Lambeth was entitled to any part of the residue. If not, the other clharitable institutions would take in 15ths instead of in l7ths. Mr. Bevir for the executors. Mr. BA: ry and Mr. BRISTOWy, for the rector of Lambieth, submitted that the gift was clearly a good one, and tV"at tbo rector was entitled to have two equal 17th parts of tL- residue. The VICE- CHANCELLOR considered that it was clear that the testatrix contemplated by her will that the "Thank Offering Church" might not be built at the time of her doath. She used the words " in which the church shall be situate." The rector of Lambeth was entitled to two 17th parts of the residue, such parts to be carried over to separate accounts, with liberty to apply. (Before Viee-Chancelor Sir W. P. WOOD.) V THE rMiATTER OF STANDISH'S SETTLED ESTATES AND THE CARLISLE AND SILLOTH RAILWAY AND DOCK ACT. The arguments upon this petition, a report of wlhich has already appeared in The Times of MIonday, were resumed. Mr. HAxsoN followed Mr. W. M. JAmEs on behalf of the Crown; Mr. T. D. Salmon appeared for the company ; Mr. BOLT was heard in reply. The VICE- CHAN CELLOR said that some important documentary evidence beyond what had been produced must be in existence. The survey of the lands in the possession of the abbey taken at the dissolution of the monasteries might be found upon search, and would probably contain a minute enumeration of the property, &c., comaprised In the manor. Looking at the survey taken in the time of the Commonwealth, there would probably be some grant to be found in favour of Queen Henrietta Maria, to whom it appeared that the manor had been granted by way of jointure. So with respect to the grant in favour of Queen Catherine of Portugal, made in 1664; and these documents might contaia important evidence as to the right to wreck, &c. He had from the first thought that the petitioner was at least entitled to an issue, nor could he look upon his claim as So weak as it had been represented to be by the counsel for the Crown. The evidenoe afforded by the perambulations was strong as to the assertion of right by the petitioner, while on the other hand t,he absence of any strong assertion of right as to the stones and cobbles upon the beach was to a certain extent adverse to his claim. Hie did not think he should he justified in handing over the fund to the petitioner wfithout the decision of a jury, unless some further documentary evidence were searched for and produced; the matter would,thereforo stand over for judgment until the last petition day after term. His HoNouR also observed that it was a case of great hardship that so extensive a right, involving such avery great expense, shoald be tried for the purpose of obtaining so small a sum. It was high time that the Legislature should take some step in the matter. SPIERS V. BROWN AND OTHERS. This suit came on by way of motion for a decree on behalf of the plaintiff, Dr. Spiers, for a perpetual injunction against the defendants to restrain the sale and publication of a work called Coutanseau's French-English and EnglishFrench Dictionary, containing any matter copied, taken, or colourably altered from the iplaintiff's works, called Svier's General French and Bnglish Dictionary, and spites French $chool Dictionary, or either of them, and to restrain the defendants (the author and publishers of the work in ques. tion) from pirating, counterfeiting, or in any other way I imitating the plaintiff's works, or infringing his exclusive copyright therein, and also for the usual account of profits, &c. Mr. Cairns, Mr. Giffard, and Mr. W. P. Murray appear for the plaintiff; Mr. Rolt, Mr. Wilicock, and MIr. Cole for the defendants. The case was only partially opened by Mr. Cairns when the Court rose.
COJRTOF QIUEN'S BENOr. wv 1 THE QUEEN* V. TzRTnrl An A a (Siuin5gs in Banco, befo Lord CAO rnBERL an d Jrua-ices m:De MOL OB-NE moved tor a riue callng upon ceraln magiatrats of Mtownouthihire to ahow cauae why a iadamti. should not isse, eommandlng them to hear and determine an Information laid before them bq 3Mr. HEorbert Mackwrortb, thie GRovernment Inepetor ot 1mw.Th information waM haidaa in James Phll :h mx of^eome mmcin at LhantIgo1 under the 11 =o : h Act for the Inspection of Coal Mine (18th and 19th of Vietoria, cap. 108), which, among other things, enacted that if any general rules or special rules made by the in spectors, which ought to be observed by the ownerand orin. espal agent or viewer of such coal mina orcolliery, should be neglected or wilfully violated by any auch owner, agent, or viewer, such person should be liable to a penalty of aot exceeding 51., and, in case of default after notice in writing, to a further penalty of 11. day The 7th section empowered the inspector to enter nd i *oycoalmine, and if, on inspection, he should find ny part of atch mine, or the machinery, to be dangerous or defective, be was em;powered to summon the manager, viewer, or. agent, and, if notisatisfled, to serve a notice in writing of the grounds on which he was of opinion that tho mine or machinery was dangerous or defective on the owner or aent of the mine, and also to report the same to one of Her Majesty's principal,Secretarie3 of State. A Copy of such notice was to be hung up in a conspicuous part of the office of the coalmine, and a copy supplied to every workrnan in the mine, who was thereupon at liberty to leave his service, without liability to be proceeded against under the 4th George IV., cap. 31, for leving his servioe. When the information laid by the inspector, under the l1th section, came on to be heard, the magistrates inquired whether the notice required by the 7th section had been given, and on being answered in the ]egtive they dismissed the information. The learned Solitor-General contended that the notice required by the 7th section was only required tD authorize the workmen to leave their service while the mine continued unsafe, and had no reference to the Uth section, under which the information was laid. Lord CAmi1rBELL.-Tho magistrates say there ought to be notice of having violated the law before proceeding for a violation of it. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said the magistrates thought that notice ought to have been given to the owner, agent, or viewer that tae act had been wlfully violated.. Lord CAmFBEL.-You say that that was a declining of Jursadiotion. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL.-Yes Lord CAMPBELL -Yoa may take a rule, Rule nir granted. THE QUXE V. EVA2S. Sir F. THESIGXR (with whom was ir. Giffard) moved for a rule calling upon John Evans, the supervisor of the Dee navgation, to show cause why a mandamus should not issue, commuanding him to make the affidavit required to be made by him under the Dee Standard Restoration Act, 185L under this statute, before the Commissiouers of the Dee Navigation could levy any tolls, it was nooesary that the two supervisors should make affidavits that between Wilcox Point and the sea there ras a depth of not les than 15 feet of water. Evans, the supervisor ppointed by the corporation, proposed to make an affidavit in which he stated that he had made three soundings, and found a depth of water of 16 feet 6 inches, 16 feet 6 inches, and 15 feet 6 Inches; but he omitted to state, as the faot was, that there was a depth of not less than 15 Ifeet of water from Wilcox Point to the sea. The consequenoe had been that the commissioners had not been able to levy any toll since Urd kCMIPBELL said the Court would grant a manus to take the soundings, and to make the affidavit according to the fact. Sir F. TsIGER said he was afraid the Court would be startled at an application for a mandamus to make an affidavit of particular facts; but he was prepared to show that the supervisor had refused to do what he had the means of doing. He might have said that there was 15 feet 6 inches of water in every part of the river, or that it was 15 feet 6 inches deep in the shaUowvest place, and that would have been sufficient. It appeared that the Great Western Rail. way Company was interested in certain sta, &c., on the river Dee, and of course It was advantageous to the com. pany to pay no tolls; and all he would say was that Evans, the supervsor, was in the employ of the company. Lord CAMPBELL repeated that the Court would grant a mandamsm to take the soundings. and make the affidavit according to the fact. Sir F, THEiSGRm was afraid the commissioners would lose the tols from April last. Lord CAMPBELL said that no lability for tolls was incurred before the affidavit was mide. The commissioners night recover them for the f uture. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE.-The remedy for the past tolls, If any, was against Evans personally. Lord CAMPBELL said that if the supervisor refused to do his duty, he might be attached. Rule nisi granted. SIMPSON V. CARTER. MTr. LDwss JAMs, Q.C., said that in this case a rule had been granted calling upon the plaintiff, wrho was the proprietor of Cremorne Gardens, to show cause wrhy certain interrogatories should not be administered to him. and also wrhy be should not answter theme. The learned counsel said that some of the interrogatories were of a very extraordinary nature, and which it Was impossible for the plaintiff to answer, one being whether it was not within the plaintiff's knowledge that after the rpties had left the gardens at night some of them had behaved in a riotous manner on their way home. However, rather than seem to refuse answering, the plaintiff wrould undertake to give the best answer he could. Lord CAPBXLL said that when the application was made he (Lord Campbell) had said that probably Mr. Simpson would answer every one of the interrogatories. Mr. D. D.. IKene appeared to support the rale. Rule absolute. THE QUEEY V. PovELL. Mr. WXISBV moved for a rale caUing upon Wlllam Powell tO show cause why an information in the nature of a quo warrafito should not be exhibited agaiust him, to show by what authority he exercised the office of clerk to the borough justices of Brecon. The appointment of clerk was vested by the Municipal Corporations Act, 5th and 6th of Wiliam V., cap. 76, in "the borough justices;" and at the election which lately took place there were two candidates, who obtained an equal number of votes. The mayor thereupon gave a casting vote in favonr of Powell, who was declared elected. The learned counsel contended that, although the mayor when presiding in the town-council bad a casting vote, he had no casting vote when presiding over the borough justices. The learned counsel also contended thst the votes of certain justices of the county had been improperly rejected. Lord CAMPBELL said he thought the "borough justices" meant "the justices of the borough," and that the county justices had no vote. Mr. WnLsBY submitted that on the first ground he was clearly entitled to the rule. The Court granted a rule ni. READ V. PLMR. The question raised in this case, upon a role to enter a verdict for the defendant, was whether the action could be sustained. The plaintiff had paid certain bets lost by the defendant upon horse races, and then brought the present action to recover the amount so paid, alleging that he had paid the same at the defendant's request. The defence vws that there had been no promise- and, even if there had been, inasmuch as the bets could not be recovered in law, the defendant contended that the plaintiff could not recover on the defendanVs promise to pay what he was not bound to pay. Mr. EDWNT JAsIES, Q.C., now showed cause against the rule, and contended that though a promnise to do an illegal act was not binding, yet if a party promised to do a legal act to which he was not bound he might be sued for the breach of his promise. The defendant hadl written several letters in which he promised the plaintiff that if he would pay the bets he would repay him. Mr. HOGGINS. Q.C., and Mr. BAYLISS supported the rule, and contended that as bets on horse races conld not be recovered the plaintiff could not recover. Lord CAMPBELL said ho was of opinion that judgment ought to be given for the plaintiff. The cases cited showed that if money was paid by request for that which was not illegal the money could be recovered back. The law did not forbid bets, though it did not enforce them, and no penalty was incurred by entering into them. This, therefore, was a legal payment. The only question then was whether a request for the payment was made by the defendant, andt that was clearly proved by the defendant's own The other Judges were of the same opinion. Rule discharged. BROOK AND ANOTERi V. ASTON. This was an action in which the plaintiffs, Messrs. Brook and Hirst, woollen manufacturers, at Huddersfield, sought to recover from the defendant, W. H. Aston, woollen manufacturer of the same place, damages for the infringement of a patent granted to the plaintiffs in February, 1856, for " improvements in finishing yarns of wool and hair, and in the finishing of woollen fabrics and piece goods." At the trial which took place before Lord Campbell at Gulldhall at the sittings after last Trinity Term, the plaintiff, obtained a verdict, leave being reserved to the defendant to move this Court to enter the verdict in his favonr, if the Court should be of opinion that tho plaintiffs' patent was bhd. The objection to the plaintiffs' patent was that on the 23d of November, 1853, they had taken out the same patent, the only difference being that whereas theoformor patent was applicable only to " cotton and linen yarn," the second patent (that of 1856) was applicable also to yarns of " wool and hair." It was merely the application of an old machine to a new use, which it had been decided was not the subject of a patent. (Hindmarch on Patens, 91-95). A rule having been accordingly granted, Sir F. THESIGER, Mr. BOVILL. Q.C., and Mr. HIi-D MIARSEH now showed cause against the rule ; which was sup. Ported by Mr. H. HmL, Q.0., Air. MAsIsTy, Q.C., and Mr. WESISTFER. Lord CAQ iruL said hethoughttho defendant was entitled to the verdict, upon the ground that there had been no improvement and no discovery. It was the application of an old machine to a new purpose. There was no invention and no novelty in the application. It was merely the application to yarn of wool and hair of a machine whioh had been applied to " cotton and linen yarn." The mode of application was the same, and the machine was the same. Jn all the cases where the patent had been held to be good there had been some discovery, some new process, and some advantage, and not the application of an old process to a new use. There was no novelty in the machine, nor in the mode of its application; and therefore the patent could not be sustained. The other Judges were of the same opinion. Rule absolute to enter the verdict for the defendant. THE QUJE1EN V. FAlRRrE AND OTHEISS. This was an indictment which charged the defendauts, who were sugar manufacturers in Whiteohapel,with creating a nuisance on divers days between the 1st of January, 156, and the time when the indictment was preferred, by burning animal oharcoal for the purpose of its being used in the renning of suear. At the trial, which took place before hMr. Justice Wightman in this court at the sittings after last term, a great number of witnesses were called on euah side, the one set of witnesses stating that the defendants process was a nuisance, and the other set as distinotly declaring that it was not. On the p art of the Crown a conviction was put in evidence, which showed that on the 7th of March, 155, one of the defendants had been convicted by a police m strate, under the Smo Nuianoe Removal Act, 16th and 17th Vctoria, chap. 123, of carrying on a trae wrhich occasioned noxious or offensve effluviarwithout uing the best practicable means for preventing the same. The jury found a verdict forthe Crown; bat, b sub quently-a rulIe was granted for a new trial, uopon tl*Vnand. that the evidence had beenniprXe ly aditted. Mr. Serijeaut Byles and Mr. awkins now showed caues against the rule, which W supported by Mr. Bo.l], Q.C., and Mr. Honeynian. Lord CAMPBELL said he was of opinion that the vidtence was inadminisiole. It had beent the glory of the adminiustra. tion of the law in this country that a nan was only called upon to answer the cbarge laid against him; and that evidence oDuld not be0 give" that he had committed niher offenoes at other timnes, to raiwe a probability that he was guilty of the offence charged. It wotld he arepromeh to the aw of Eugland if a tforer conviction couMd he-v i evidence for such A parpose. Mir. Justice Colerd eh pointed out that the offence for which the defendanth - b convicted was not the same as that charged in the indictindt It was an offenoe created by a local Act, of which a party might be gtUity, though he might not be guilty of a minde. memnour. The conviction was not evidenoe that the defendautswere guiltyot a commonlaw1miSdem`AzOur The only cae that came near the point was a decision by Lord lKenyon, but, though he (Lord Campbell) had profound respect for the opinion of that learned judge, he tiought that decision was irreconcileable with the prindples of the common law, and contrar to sound principle. It rai a matter of regret that the trial should thus ave b rendered abortive; but there must be a new trial, upon the ground that the evideno had been improperly reoeivedL The other judges expreaed the same opinions. Lord CA=BanL sWgeeted that a new trial might be unneccesary, as probably some arranSement might be made by which the public hsalth might be protected without ia jury to Individuals. Rule absolute. BAILs COURT (SiUings at Nisu Prius.) Xr. Juatice BniBz sat this raoring and disposed of the three cases remaining in the paper. One was an action of ejectment, another an actiun on a butcher's bill, and the other was an action for goods sold, but there was not a feature in either to justify a report.
COOBT OF COMMON PT,RA w , . (SiUings in Banco, Aichadmas Tern.) The Court sat to-day to hear appeais from the decisions of the Revisng Barrisers. HEATH, APPILLANT, V. BOROUGIH OF WAcRwICK, RlZSPOND,N. This was an appeal from the decislon of the Revising Bairrster for the borough of Warwick. Mr. Pickering, QOC, appeared for the appellant; Mr. Serjeant Hayes for the respondent. It appeared that a charitable foundation existed in Warwickt which was constituted a corporation, in the aggregate emnbers of which the property of the charity was vested The mombersof the corporation had a right to be admitted to oecpy chambers in the buildingof the foundation, of which they each poessesed the key, and which they respectively occupied, and which were each of the value of a tn 104 aYear. The vote of one of these occupiers was objected to, first, because as a member of a oorporation aggregate he wag not entitled to vote; secondly, because there was no ociaReform Act (2td Winlliam 1W.,v chap. 45) as ;"owner o tenant ,J and, thirdly.becauso this f oundation vwas a hospital or cDartable institution. Other votes depended on this For the appellant it was contended the voter occupied simply in right of being a member of the corporation, and not as a tenant, and that it was the corporation by its mem- Wer wiCh OCCUpied. For the respondent it was contended that these rooms werer In fact occpied by the individual members, and not by tLe cororation, and that the individual members were tenants to the corporation so long as they obeyed the The CRFxr JusTIc} said, the Court was of opinion that these votes must be disallowed. The question turned on the 27th section of the Reform Act, and it appeared to the Court that these persons neither occupied in the character of " owners or tenants;" and, although it was said that this Act of Parliament was to rceve a liberal and enlarged construction, still the Court was bound by the terms of the enactment. It was clear that the voters in question did not occupy as "owners," the ownership of the property being, ex concessu, in the corporation aggregate. They occupied, it was true, but the Court thought there was no relation of landlord and "tenant" created by their oocupancy. The corporation must be taken to be occupiers as individual members, and if these persons had their occupation interfered with, and were ejected, their only remedy would be by application to the Court of Chancery to have the charity administered according to the will of the founder. The Court therefore thought the appea valid, and that the vote must be disallowed. Voia disallowed. DAVIS, APPELLANT, V. UOPKIS, RMSPONDMET. This waa*n appeal from a decision of the Revising Barrister of Glamorganshire. Mr. Serjeant Kinglake appeared for the appellant ; and Mr. Macnamara for the respondent. The objection raised by the appellant was that the noticoe of claim to vote sent by a county voter to the overseers had not the signature of the claimant, as required by the 6th of Victoria, chap. 18, sec. 4. For the appellant it was contended that If the vote were ohjected to, the voter must prove that he sent in a written cl=m to vote, signed by himself, to the overseers. For the respondent it was contended that the object of giving the notice of claim to vote to the overseers was merely to have the name of the voter placed on the list, and that the signature to it weS to satisfy the overseer, who, as to the act of receiving It, was a judicial officer, and must be presumed to have acted rightly. There was nothing in the Act which re. quired it to be proved that he had sent in his claim signed by himself if his vote were objected to. If objected to, aU the revising barrster was to do was to inquire as thoe voter's qualification. The COURT were of opinion that in this case the decision of the revising barrister was right in allowing this vote. It appeared that the voter sent in a claim to the overseer to be put on the list of claimants for a particular district; bat instead of that notice being signed by himself it was signed with his name and by his authority. The overseer, acting on this notice, put the name on the list of claimants. The vote being objected to the qualification was proved, and the only question that &rose was whether the voter was properly on the list of claimauts. The Aet of Parliament certainly said the claim should be signed by the voter, and the uestion raised was whether a vicarious dgnature would not o. In the first place, this was a question for the overseer, and ifhe was satisfiedthatthe signature was eitherthat of the party, or was authorized by him, he was then to gut the nanme on the list of claimants, and the revising ter had nothing to do with the matter but to consider whether the claimant made out his right to be on the list in referenco to his qualification if objected to. The Court did not think they should be at aU astute to give effect to an ob. jection of this kind, which was a mere technical matter, and if they could find that in the language of the Act of Pariiament a distinctlon was takes as to the notice of objection and the notiLes of claim to vote, which was a mere formal matter, they were justified in sayinuthat this was a matter between the overseer and the claimant, and that when a man's name wa3 once on the list aU that the revising barrister had to do, if the name were objected to, was to see that the qualification was made out. At the same time, if an overseer acted improperly, and put names on the list contrary to the provisions ofthe Act of Parliament, he might be indictod. Appeal dismnissed with costs.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER, MOxDAY. Nov. 16. R-r-f 0-- PRESTOS V. THE EASTEN COETINU AND THE NORFOLK RATLWAYV (CnlMPA \fl. (.SiWi-n ;n RP-"n 1 This was a special case stated for the opinion of this Court in an action brought by the plaintiff, as the clerk of the Great Yarmouth Harbour Commlssioners, against the defendants for unlawfully abstracting water from the rivers Wensum and Waveney at a point called Mutford Lock, near Lowestoft. Some years back a company was formed to make Norwich a port, by cutting an opening into the sea near Lowestoft from Lake Lothing, a broad expanse of fresh water near to the rivers above-mentioned, and thence into the rivers by a short canal. As this operation would tend to create a rival to Great Yarmouth, the river commissioners of that town caused tbo insertion of a clause in the Act, prohibiting the Lowestoft Navigation from taking more water frorn the rivers than might be necessary to supply the new canal, and enjoining them to maintain good locks at Mutford. The navigation scheme failed but when the Norfolk Railway was formed a branch was made to Lowestoft, and great outlay was incurred to improve the harbour works and to make the place a refuge for distressed sbipping, so much wanting on that exposed coast. In due course of time the Norfolk Ilailway bought the Navigation Company up, and the Eastern Counties amalgamated with the Norfolk Corpany, since which event, as is alleged by the authorities at Yarmouth, the look at hintIord has been purposely allowed to get out of repair, so as to create a back-water or scour for Lowestoft harbour to the prejudlce of Yarmouth, and this action was brought to remedy that alleged wrong. The arguments in proof and denial of the point In issue occupied the greater part of two days, but turning as they did on minute criticisms of various sections of several Acts they could hardly be presented to the general reader. Suffice it to say that Mir. Couch (with whom was Mr. O'Malley) a. ;eared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Tozer 'Or the Eastern Counties Railway ; Mr. Serjeant Wells and Mr. Unthank for the Norfolk Railway; and that The COUBT, at the conclusion of the argament, Intimated tat they would take time to consider, Judgment deferred accordingly-. (SitUings at .Zisi Prius, before Mfr. Bcron ArTat~ and~ Comnmon J'uricm). SHIEL)DS v. SH}EPPARD. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Mr. Unthank represented tbe plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Parry appeared for the defenidant. This was an action brought to recover compensation in damages for an alleged false Imprisoniuent of the plaintiff by the defendant. The defendant pleaded " Not G(uilty," aLd that the plaintiff had been guilty of a felony, in conseqcence of which the defendant had given him into custody. It appeared that the plaintiff was a labouring man, living at Kensington, and that the defendant was a master baker carrying on business at the same place. One night in July they had met at a publichonse called the Duke of York, when the plaintiff had won Ss. and a bottle of vine in tosing, which the defendant refused to pay, and told the plaintiff that he should never toss with him stain, and that he might take up the money whenever he could get the chance. On asubsequent nigbt they met at another publichouse, when the deSendant offered to bet the plaintiff a shilling that he would not win a glass of ale from him in tossing, and he placed a shilling upon the counter. The plaintiff picked up the shilling and put it in his pocet, saying that he hoald eep it in part paymant of what he had won at the Duke ot York publlciouse. Te defendant maid if ke did not return the moxey be ahould eve him into cudy for stHing ik All the pesona present endeavoured to persuade the plantiff to retrn the money, which he refused doiDg, aDd said tat he should have it tried ouk The defendant then fetehod a p,olicemom andi Pro the pWntiff W~o custody, Wd, against
ADMIRALTY COURT. MfnVAV NW- 1R TITF T.A - - . . (Before I'X, T.,,- 11:^-rI- r . -" This was an action for saivage brought by the master and owner and crew of the smack Wonder against the brig Lawsons, 244 tons. The services in respect of which the claim was made were rendered on the 28tb, 29th, and 30th of November last, the Lawsons being at that time on her way from Cronstadt to LonwdoniL with a cargo of tallow. One the part of the salvors It 'was alleged that on the 28th of November Barrett (the master) and two of the crew of the Wonder boarded tho Lawsons off Orfordness; that they found her in a crippled condition, and steering very wild that the master, George Donkin, was in a state of intoxica tion and the crew exhausted; that by order of the mate they took charge of the vessel; and that on the 30th of November a steamtug took her in tow and she arrived at Gravesend. On the part of the owners it was denied that the brig was in a crippled condition and steering wild at the time when she was boarded by the smack, or that the master was drunk and the crew exbausted. The master stated that the weather was fine and the brig was well under command when he was hailed by the Wonder; that he distinctly said he was not in want of assistance; that the men, nevertheless, came on board, but he repeatedly told them he did not require their services; that they persisted in remaining, and he was unable to get rid of them; that they endeavoured to induce hin to sign an agreement with them for 1501. or 1601., promising to give bnm 201. on their arrival at Gravesend if he would do so, and threatening to cause his certificate to be taken away if he did not; that he declined to do anything of the kind, and made an entry in the logbook to the effect that he cold not get rid of the men ; that the men afterwards went forward and spoke to the mate and crew, who r:therefore becamne insubordinate, and allowed the three men to take charge of the brig, noteithstauding his orders to the contrary. The principal witness examined to prove thesi facts were Barrett, the owner and master of the smack, ani Any, the mate of the brig, on the part of the salvors, and Donkin, the mater of the brig, on the part of the owners, Donkiu and Amy were cross-examined vivd voce upon their affidavits, and persisted in their respeotive statements. The value of the brfg with cargo and freight was 13,70)1. Mr. Robinson and Dr. Jenner appeared for the salvors; r. Baford and Dr. Deane, for the Lawsons. Dr. LUSISNGTON left it to the Trinity Masters to sAy whether there was anything in the state of the ship from damage previously sustained or otherwise, or in the state of the master from drunkenness, or from ignorance of navigation, or in the state of the crew from exhaustion. to require the services of the salvors, and tojustify their inter. ference against the will of the master. The Trinity Masters were of opinion that the forced services of the alleged salvors were wholly unjustifiable. Dr. LuSrINGToN entirely concurred in the conclusion at which the Trinity Masters had arrived, and pronounced against the claim with costs.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, B wi7aU8treAt, Nov. 16 INT RE LEOPOLD RET)P.iTH. lnp,f?r Af? il-,- I A proor was tendered against this estate by Ar. L,AwAACT on behalf of the Great Northern Railway Company for a wmn exceeding 200,0001., under the following circumstancesThe bankrupt had forged the company's stock or shares to the amount of 221,0701., and its dividend warrants to the further amount of 15,0001. P'arliameat had made the forged stock valid, and the bankrupt's estate was indebted to the company in the sum of 236,0701. The company, desirous that the bankrupt's other creditors should not sufnbr by a clerk in their employ having obtained credit by means of appearances which his forgeries had enabled him to assume, had satisfied al the claims against the bankrupt's estate. With very few exceptions the creditors had been paid 20s. in the pound, and in those instances or exceptions 15s. or upwards of 15s. in the pound had been paid. Every other creditor baving been thus satisfied, the company preferred the proof in order to obtain the sum which Eedpath's estato bad reali7ed (about 30,000.), as now in the hands of the official assignee. His HoNouR said he vould carefully examine the Act passed on the 16th of August, 1857, to see whether it had turned the loss of the company by these forgeries into a debt. In this case the proof would be admitted. Otherwise there was a difficulty in the case. Ilis present impression was that the Act had not quite turned the claim into a debt, although he thought it had intended to do so. Proof deferred accordingly. LI RE ANDREW M'KEMt. The bankruptis described as a timber-merchant of Southampton, tradinag as M'Xean, Ferrier, and Co. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Westall appeared for the bankrupt. Mr. Luc,As, for the assignees, said the bankrupt, being an adventurer, who had run away from his creditors in New York, had come to England. He induced Mr. Ferrier to join him in partnership. Each was to pay 1,2001. or 1,5001. Into the business. Mr. Ferrfer paid in 1,2001., but so far from the bankrupt having done so, he had shortly afterwards borrowed 1001. from Mr. Ferrier. Mr. Ferrier complained that the bankrupt had received partnership .ecounts shortly before the bankraptcy and applied the money to his own uses. There had been an award of 1801. in Mr. Ferrier's favour, and as a creditor for that sum he opposed. His HONOUR said that the circumstance of the bankrupt having left a judgment against him In America unsatisfied did not warrant the strong remarks of the learned counsel. lMr. Ferrier had great reason to complain of the bankrupt's cenduct as a partner, and the bankrupt had not been justifediliving at the rateof upwardsof 3001. a-year oat of the poclkets of his creditors. The debts wfere 1,9001., acd t-here would not be a farthing dividend. The certificate would he suspended nine months, and when issued be of the third class. IN RE G. H. SELLERS. The bankrupt is described as a merchant of Westbomnepark-road, late of L.vorpool. This was a sitting on the question of certificate. hr. lAwranoe appeared in support. There was no opposition. It appeared that this Court having refused to pass the bankrupt's examination, the Lo:ds Justioes on appeal had made an order that in their opinion "the bankrupt ought to pass." In a somewhat simUar case (the case of one :; Tilly") Mr. Commissioner EvANs considered the order ought to pass' as equivalent to passing the bankrupt's examination, and he did not require another sitting in his Court for that purpose. The Bankruptcy Consolidation Act requires the Commissioner to certify, on passing a bankrupts examination, that he has " made a full and true disolosure and discovery of his estate and effects," and that "so far as the Court could judge there did not appear any reason to doubt his statements." Mr. Commaissioner EvAss got over the difficulty in respect to violating his conscienoe by omitting the above words in the form of order passing the bankrupt's examination. His honour (Goulburn) now said he did not think he could make an order which contained an omission of the words in the Act. The cases were not, however, so far parallel as to subject him to a violation of conscience. The assignees, when the case was before the Lords Justices, had withdrawn all objections to the accounts, and the Lords Justices, it would appear, were Influenced by that course. He should pay due respect to the opinions of the Lords Justices, that " The bankrupt ought to pass." but there must be an examination meeting before he could do so, or enter on he question of certlficate. This would subjecti the bankrupt to the expense of two further meetings, hut there was no remedy. Ho could not consider the words "ought to pass" as equivalent to pa;ssing the bankrupt.
INSOLVENXT DEBTORS' COuuT, Nzot. 16. -n- TV 'Ple WA - (Rp.f?p NZ -p-- % This insolvent, known and detained as Edwaird Horace Montefiore, as William Langfeldt, and as Willim Lyon, apphedto bediscb agd. Mr. owse(wih Mr Marae) appesred to oppose on behalf of threo creditors, and Mr. Sargood supported. Tbe schedule discloses debts amounting to 6,9001., contracted since February, 1854, while the assets are virtually nil. From the examination of the Insolvent it appeared that he was born in England in 1827, and remained here until 1846. In that year be proceeded to Sydney, and traded there as a merchant until tho latter portion of 1848. From Sydney he went to Calcutta, where he remained about nine months, living upon the proceeds of a speculation in horses brought from Newr South Wales. In 1850 he returned to England, hut soon after visited the United States, where he 30ined a man namned Fraser in partnership as general dealers, and the9 travelled through the entire IJnion with Amterican ComussIoSS R.-What are American curosities? Insolvent.-Wooden nutmegs and such things. (Laughter.) COmIisSIONR.- Did you sell wooden nutmegs for rea spice ? insolvent.-We did. (Continued langhter.) CombIssIONER_-And did you persuade the Yankees to buy them? Insolvent.-They did not know the difference. We soldi them In the cities of the West, Indianapolis, and other places. Others sold wooden hams, but we did not. (Lauighter.) The insolvent, upon further examination, stated that his partnership with Fraser lasted about two years, and terminated about the end of 1852. He then turned his attention to railways and commenced speculating in shares at St. Louis under the name of 31ontefiore. He adopted that name at the suggestion of a gentleman who bore It himself, whom he met at an hotel at St. Louis. His next location was at Panamna, en route to California, when he turned his attention to the fitness of the bay for commercial purposes, intending, if the prospeots were inviting, to return to the United States and get up a company to establish a railway and port. Niothing, however, was done in that direction; but the insolvent contracted a debt of 50714 with Messrs. Cova, merchants of Panama, 1471. being the cash g&ven for a bill of exchange drawva by the insolvent upon Messrs. Antony Gibbs and Sons, of London, but never accepted by those gentlemen, and 3601., the amount of a letter of credit upon Adams and Co., of San Francisco, granted by Messrs. Cova to the insolvent. From Panama he proceeded to San Francisco. While there he contracted a liability of 661. to a Mr. Raphael, the amount of a bill drawn upon Sir Moses Montefioze, of London, for hlis (Mr. Raphael's) accommodation. He (insolvent) had no autho. rity to draw upon Sir M. Montefiore. From California he went to Manilla, having made by his speculations in land and railwavs at the former place profits to the amount of 3,2001. betweeen February and July, 1854. He next vislted Hongkong, where he contracted a debt of 2141. to Messrs. Willata Autena and Co. fer money advanced to him as Montefiore. Upon quitting Hongkong he went to Ceylon, where he incurred a debt of 3,3501. to the opposing creditors, Messrs. Wilson and Ritchie, merchants at Colomabo, who gave him cash and jewels for two bills of exchange drawn upon Baring Brothers, but which were refutsed acceptance. The jewels the insolvent brought to Englanrd, having besides, when he left Ceylon, about 2,0001. in cash, which upon his arrival in England was reduced to about 7001. or 8001., the balance having been expended in travelling expenses in Egypt and Italy. Upon his way home the insolvent contrived to incar a debt of 5001. with Mr. Browvn, a banker of Florence, who he said forced the money upon him, and took in return a draught upon RothachUds. which was refused acceptance. After remainiDngin England some little while, the insolvent started for the Cape of Good Hope, where, after a sojourn of about three months, he was arrested at the sait of the Cap of Good Boape Bank. He remained inx prison there from October, 1855, urntil October, 1856, when he was discbarged by his detaining creditor, and he returned to England, when he was immediately taken into custody upon a criminal charge at the instance of the Cape Bank, but the charge was not proved. The insolvent was then arrested for debt in January, and has remained in the Queen's Prison until now, not having filed his schedule until October the 23d. The other creditors who opposed were the Cape of Good Hope Bank, to whom 7981. was due for money advanced, and Mr. Benson. a tobaeonist, who claimed 521. 16s. for goods. Mr.Benson stated that in Mry, 1855, the insolvent, who was then staying at the Clarendon lotel, Bond-street, called upon him in a handsome carriage and ordered a box of the finest cigars, which were supplied at a charge of four guineas per hundred. The insolvent subsequently ordered other goods tobe sent to Sunderland-hoase, Clifton, which were duly suppled, hr. Benson beleving him to be at the least a German prince Mr. Rodrigues, stationer of Piccadilly, was a creditor for 351. 6s. on account of stationery and engraving. Some letters were produced bearing the insolvent's arms and crest tembossed in gold, the arms being two lions rampant and the erest a horse. The learned CO1uMISSIo~sneasked what the motto was? he insolvent said he coald not read it. Mr. Rodrigues had found it for him, and he (insolvent) had forgotten its Mr. Dowsn made out the motto to be, "auro non est The CoxmIsS'ORBN said the English of that appeared to be, "Every one is out of cash." (Laughter.) hMr. DowsE asked that the case might be adjoarned, to .nable the creditors, Messr. Wilson and Ritchie, of Colombo, to be communicated with. The learned CommssiwOxER, however, thought as tbey were aware of the insolvent's arrest in January, and before that time had given inBtructions to their attorneys in this country to take steps to oppose his discharge, there had been ample time for comnmunication between tho creditors amd their agent in this country. It appeaLred that the insolvent had deposited jewels of the value of 65). with a Mr. Devereux, in the Isle of Wight, uponwhich that person had no claim, and, upon the application of Mr. Dowee, the cue was adjourned until Saturday for the production of Devereux to account for the property.
POLrOE. MANSlS r.-}OUSE.-Thoe Lortin AYo R requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt of a check for 21. 2s. from " J. G. F." as a donation to the poor-box. MARYLEsONE.-Anne Bentley was charged with having stabbed James Berntley, her husband. The prisoner, who denied having stabbed her husband, was fully committed for cutting and wonnding with Intent to do grievous bodily harm. Mary Cbalk was charged with havlng ctabbed a man named Patrlck King. The prisoner stands committed for trial for the stabbing, but for the completion of the evidence will be brought up again to-morrow (this day). WEsTMnIsT1x}i-Benjamin Nicholls, a very respectable looking man, 67 years of age, the proprietor of a genteel lodging-house at 15, Marlborougg-Place, Brighton, was placed at the bar, charged with stealing a travelling bag containing deeds, papers, jewelry, and otber artil-es of considerable value, the property of Mrs. M'Alpin, of 108, Eaton-square, and Castlebar, Ireland. Sergeant Smith, a very intelligent detective officer of the A division, stated that, aving been informed of the disappearance of the bag in question, fronx information he received, he went to the prisoner's house in Brighton on Saturday, and saw his wife, who said he was out, but upon witness informing her that he knew he was at home, as he had just seen hin In the house, the accueed made his appearance. Witness then told him that he was a detective officer, and wished to know how he obtained possession of a _gold bracelet which he had sold to a pawnbroker namedl Tate, near Windmillstreet, Haymarket. Prisoner replied that he bought It on the 28th or 29th of July last of a gentleman's serv<nt in Dublin, but could neither tell his name nor where he lived. Witness said this account was very unsatisfactory, and he should therefore take him into custody, and then read over to the accused a list of the articles stolen in the bag, among which was the bracelet. Witness then commenced searchIng the house, and found five pawnbrokers' tickets, one of which related to a silver fork, knife, and telescope, also upon the list; and, upon witness pointing that fact out, the accused nodded his head in assent. At this juncture witness saw prisoner's wife endeavouring to remove soDmething from a corner of the room, and, taking it away from her, he found It was a bundle addressed "Mrs. M'Alpin, 108, Eaton.-sanre," and contained the papers and deeds which had been ia the bag, Prisoner admitted the fact, and said he had directed the parcel with his own hand and intended to send it home. Several other articles which had been in the bag were then found In the house, and prisoner then gave the following account of his possession of the bag :-On the 27th of July he went with Mr. Bagwell, MSP., from Brighton to Ireland in the capacity of butler, and finding a large black leathern bag which did not belong to his employer among his luggage In Ireland, brought it to London with him, and there opened it, after which he did not know wbat to do. He thought of sending the papers back, as he considered they might be of great value to the person owning the bag. MLr. Tate, of 1, Cambridge-street, Golden-squAre, pawnbroker, produced a gold armlet which he bought of the prisoner on the 5th of October for 11. 58. Colonel Dixon, staying at the Brunswick Hotel Jerinynstreet, trustee to the late Colonel M'Alpin's property, identified the armlet produced as lMra. M'Alpin's. M1r. ARNOLD observed that he did not see what there was at present to give him jurisdiction. Colonel Dixon explained the circumstances under which the property was lost. On the morning of the 28th of July Mrs. M'Alpin left Eaton-square for the west of Ireland, and as the bag contained valuable papers and jewels gave it In particular chae to one of her servants. He saw the lady off on the morning in question, The bag ws not missed until the lady's arrival in Ireland, whenthe matterwaracommunicated to him, and he put it into the hands of the police. When the prisoner was brought to London from Brighton he told bum (Colonel Dixon) that if be would not prosecute he would tell him where all the rest of the things were. Mr. AiRoLD inquired whether any of the stolen property had been found in his district?9 Sergeant Smith was not aware of any. Mr. AnNOLD observed that a magistrate had iurisdiction where a felony had been committed or where the rperoty wvas dispotsed of, bnt neSther had occurred in the districtof Sergeant Smith said he had brought the accused here, because the property was never seen by the owner's servants after they left Eaton-square, he could not say where it had been stolen. Prisoner said he was most desirous of telling the whole truth now if the magistrate would hear him. iIr. ARNOLD, after the usual caution, told him that he Psrier then, having repeated that he was engaged to accompany Mr. Bagwell to Ireland, said that he had charge of 38 boxes of luggage of that gentleman and his servants. They left Euston-square in the morning and arrived at Holyhead at a quarter past 6 in the evening, when the boat was in a great hurry, A.and there was, as uul much confusion both in embarking there and diseaskUn at Kingstown, in consequence of which passengers luggage gotmixed. Whenhe arrived atlHildare-street, Dubln he had his right number of boxes and parcels, but there was a strange black bag which did not belong to his employer in place of a carriage box containing linen, jewelry, and other valuables belonging to Mr BagwelL He wrote to every station they had been at respecting the missing box, and in three weeks after it was forwarded with a note stating It had been found with Mrs. M'Alpin's luggage. The bag had no direction or brass plate on it, and he did not know who It belonged to. He brought it with him to town and, unfortanately, opened it; then he discovered who it belonged to, but made away with some of the thins Colonel Dixon, after observing that the bag was marked and addressed most carefully "Mrs. M'Alpin, Castlebar," and Its loss duly advertised, with the offer of a reward, observed that he had recently received a letter purporting to come from a courier in Switzerland, intimating that if 101. were given the papers contained in the bag would be restored to the owner, which was doubtless the act of some person iL league with the prisoner. The accused pretended to know nothing about It. Mr. ARNOLD said he should remand him for eight days, when, unless something ocourred to give him jurisdiction, prisoner must be sent to the court of the district where some part of the stolen property was found. WORIsmIP-STRX.-Robert Merritt, a hairdresser in Bridport-place, Hoxton, was charged with wilful cutting and wounding. Mr. Edward Loveridge, a clerk in a mercantile house in the city, whose forehead and part of whose face were oovered with hospital bandages, stated that baving some time before left a case of razors with the defendant, that they might be reset, he on Friday night called there and asked for them, and found to his annoyance that they had not been done. He said, if that was the case he would take them away as they were; defendant said he had better not do so, but he persisted, and the defendant then insisted that he should pay for their being reset, though they had not been. eIng, of course, refused to do tbat," said the witness, and, seing he was about to lay hold of me, I retreated into thestreet two or three yards, followed by the defendant, who then seined and tried to hold me, but I got away from bim by ushing bim off me, and he immediatelv struck me with a his force on one of my eyes. The blow was so violent that it was directly followed by a great deal of blood, and I found that I had three distinct cuts, one In the temple and two beneath the eye, from each of which pieces of glass have been extracted. I was taken to the hospital, and have now to go back there again." Sugg, a constable, heard that a man was bleeding very badly, and on going up found the last witness standing at the door of a chymist with blood flowing profusely down his face, pieces of broken glass in his hair, and other pieces scatteredabout the pavement close to the defendant's shop. Defendant, who said he had done it in self-defence, was lodged in the station, and the prosecutor was taken to the house of the divisional surgeon, bat the latter ordered him to be taken at once to the hospital, where witness took him, the house-surgeon now directirg that he should be brought back again as soon as the case was over. In answer to the charge, the defendant said he was dressing a gentleman's hair at the time of this dispute, and, not being conscious that he had a glass bottle in his hand, and being much excited, he strack the complainant in the face with the bottle, but he was now very sorry he should have done so; he had a wife and a large family to support, and hoped that he would be forgiven. He was remanded, however, to that day week, that the result of the prosecutor's injuries might be more accurately ascertained. LAURnETIL.-Jarnes Reynolds, a lad 16 years of age, was finally examined before Mr. EL.or-i on a charge of throwing George Brookington, a little fellow seven years of age, into the Surrey Canal, by which he had very nar. rowly escaped drowniing. Mrs. Emma Croft deposed that one evening, about a fortnight ago, she saw the prisoner take up the child ona his shoulders and fling him into the Surrev Canal. Witness begged of the prisoner, whom she knew to be a good swimmer, to take the child out, but he would not do so. Her cries, however, brought a young man named Brown to the spot, and that person took the child from the water in a perfectly exhausted and insensible state. This witness was subjected to a severe cross-examination by Mr. Solomon, who attended on behalf of the prisoner, but was not shake n in any part of her statement. Raeoard Brown said the cries of the last witness attracted his attention, a-nd on going to the place he was told that there was a child in the water. He rushed into the canal, and soon found the little follow under the water, and on taking him ont he was in a state of insensibility. Mrs. Crutchley said that the child Brookington was in her charge, and on the evening in question the prisoner came running to her door, and on seeing her said-" Mrs. Crutchlay, your little boy is drowned." The little fellow, Brooklngton himself, was examined, and said that, without the slightest provocation, the prisoner hoisted bimi on his shoulder, and carryinog him to the bank, flung him right into the canal. Mr. Solomon acknowledged that the case was one of the most extraordinary thatduringmany years' practice had been brought under his observation. The account given to him of the occurrence by his youthful client was, that the child commenced calling him improper names while standing close to the canal, and on his (the prisoner's) going towtrds him he shpped over the bank into the water. This he (Mr. Solomon) believed to be the true version of the affair, and did not think it possible the prisoner could be guilty of so wicked and wanton an act as that described by tIhe witnesses. Mr. ELuoTT could not see what o1ject the witnesse could hav in misreprewenting the case. Besides, theirtestimony was wholly confrmed by the artless statement of the child himself and the conduct of the prisoner, who, while the child was in the water, and without making the slightest effort to get him out, ran to the old woman who had charge of him and told her her little boy was drowned. Though so youDg, the conduct of the prisoner was most scandalons and wicked, and he (Mr. Elliott) doubted whether he did his duty stctly in not sending him for triaL He then convicted the prisoner En a penalty of 51., or, in default of payment, to two monthB hard labcour in the House of Corre¢. tion,
EXECUTION POR MUfRDE. At 8 o'clock yesterday morning Thomas Robert Davis a fancy carpenr, was secuted in front of Newgate for the mnurder otlhis wie b tting her throat at their lodgings, Dorset-street, Bsll's?pond, i?angton. Tewece a nurner oor ain <,ed,b tdingr The wretched man went, accompanied by his wife, to Camberwell on the 6th of Octoer last, the day of the murder relative to a job and mnet some friends. Txhey drank freely, and, returning Isome together, called at a neighbouring publichouse, where they partook of some rum. They went to their lodgings, and vesY shortly afterwards the other lodgers heard words of altercation and then a scuffle, and cries of " You vilain Y0aare going tomurder meP l"Ina fewnmoments after tis the unfortunate woman was seen rushing from the apartment Callng "Murder I" She succeeded in getting into the street, whea she fe i nto the arms of a frieand and died. Davis:was captured with a bloody razor in his baud. Hie was tried at the last sesion of the Central Criminal Court, and sentenced to death by t-he Lord Chief Baron. On Saturday the Sheriffs waited upon the convict and informed him that the representations which had been made to Sir (keorge Grey, and upon which he hoped for a remisason of the sentence of death, had been unavailing. He burst into tears and protested that he was innocent of any knowledge of the crime for which he was to die uotil some hors after he had committed it. The prisoner, with the consent of the Rev. Mr. Davis, the ordmary of Newgate, s visited by the clergyman of his own parish, at his own request, and paid marked attention to the religious exhortations of both the rev, gentlemen, as also to those of 'Under-Sherlff Millard and Parker. To those gentlemenx he stated that he was sincerely penitent, and that he prayed to God for pardon for his transgressions, hoping to be saved through the Lord Jesus Christ. On Sunday morning the convict attended Divine service in the chapeL of the gaol, and listened with attention to *he sermion of the rev, ordinary, who took for his tt the 23'd chapter of St. Luke's Gospel, verse 43- "Lord, rememberme when Thou comest into Thy kingdom'" Mitr. Sheriff Allen and Mr. Under-Sheriff Parker were present in the chapel, and after the service visited the convict inhia cell. The rev.ordinaryremained with him until a late hour on Sunday night, and engaged with him in earnest prayer, but nothing could induce Davis to acknowledge that he was oonscious of what he was doing at the time he committed the fatal act. Doing the day he partook of fo*d, but very sparingly, and lay down to sleep about 11 o'clock. He passed a sleepless night, and at times became so depressed that it was found necessary to give him wine and coffee at repeated intervals ir. order to keep up his strength At half-pst 7 o'clock yesterday morning iMr. Sheriff Allen and Mr.Vnder-Sheriff Parker arrivd at the gaol and were soon afterwards followed byMr. Sheriff Lawrence. At a quarter. to 8 o'clock they, with the Governor (Mr. Wetherhead), the Rev. Mr. Davis, and Mr. Under-Sheriff Millard, prooeeded to the prisoner's cell, where he was found standing with his hands clasped in the same manner as he stood at the trial, muttering ' Lord have mercy on my soul I I am innocent of all knowledge of the crime. I die a dreadful death, but innocent of any intention." Mr. Under-Sheriff Parker asked him, now that he wlS so near death, whether he persisted in his statement, to which he replied earnestly, "I do, I do; before God and man I am innocent of any knowledge of the act ;" and in reply to repeated questions he said that it had been his only consolation in all his troubles to know that he was innocent of any knowledge of committing the act until some hours afterwards; that he loved his wife dearly, and that the day on which it was done was the happiest day he had spent, but how mournfuly had it turned out I He added that as far as any man could he died innocent. Mr. Under-Sheriff Parker and the rev. ordinary repeatedly asked him if he felt that he was truly penitent, His replies were reiteratlons of his innocence, and the expression of a hope that God would be merciful to him. He desired that one of the warders should deliver some little hooks to his child, whom he hoped would be taken care of now that she had lost both father and mother. Calcrafb then proceeded to adjust the new leather apparatus, during which Da-is asked the ordinary to request the executioaer, 'whoever he wa, to be as quick as he could, as he did not want to be kept standing to be gazed at by the mob. Having been assured upon that point, he sald he would not have minded being shot bysome Hf Her M&ajsty's Foot Guards, as he should then have died the death of a Christian, but now he was going to die the. death of a dog. As the last moments which he was to spend on earth arrived the convict appeared to nerve himself to the utmost, still protesting his innocence. At length the bell tolled and the procesion moved on to the soaffold, the rev. ordinary reading the buria service. The convict walked firmly and steadily by the aide of Calcraf t, shook hands with the warder, bowed to the crowd, and in a eow moments had suffered the full penalty for his crime. His safferings did not appear to be severe. The crowd in front of the gaol was lees numerous than on many former occasions, but still there were before the scaffold some 5,000 or 6,000 of the worst sort of people London can produce. Davis was a skdlful workmen, and frequently earned from 61. to 71. a'weel. He was formerly In the employmeat of Sir Joseph Tobin, of Liverpool, as a shipwright. He was one of the volunteers who offered to go to the Baltic with Sir Charles Napier.
MulBDWX.-We deeply regret to say that our neighbourhood has been stained by a horrid murder. It appears that on Sunday last Henry M'Grath, Matthew Donnelly, Hugh and John 3WCarron, and cthers, all residin in the townland of Killyclogher, near this town, who hd been in Omnagh chapel together, met on returning home In the evening, and had hot and angry altercations, It is said about a young woman. They again met, with others, at the, house of a shoemaker named James MElProy, atKillyclogher, about 9 o'clock that night, and a regular boxing-match took place between Patrick MCarron and WGrath. They d seconds, and fought two or three rounds, when they were separated, and it was proposed that M'Grath and Donnelly Phould fight the two M'Carrons the next morning. To this Hugh M'Carron objected, and insisted that his brother and X'Grath should then fight it out. Patrick M!Carron would not do this, and M'Grath said he could beat either of the brothers. While they were Eo quarrelling in the-street outside the house Hugh M'Carron was seen to enter It, and appeared to be looking for something. The woman of the house told him not to take anything from the house, and he went out againt the street, where he was seen to strike 31'Grath on the breast. It being rather dark MGrath was not observed after this for a few minuttsA when he was found about 15 yards off, lying on the ground, quite dead, the road from the place he was when etruck to where he was:found being marked with a strearn of blood. Lights were procured and a search made near the place, when, a, few yards from the spot, on the other side of a ditch, a shoemaker's knife was found, stained with blood. This knife had been lying on the shoemaker's seat before Hugh M'Carron was seen looking in the house as if for something, previous to his going out, A above stated. An inquest was held on view of the body by Mr. William 0. Orr, coroner, when a mass of evdience was adduced, on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, and the jury found as their verdict that deceased came by his death from the *tab of a shoemaker's knife in the left breast, which had penetrated the heartand that the wound was inflicted by Hugh M'Carron, his brother Patrick being aiding and assisting. Hugh is in gaol, committed for the offence, but Patrick has not yet been made amenable. The parties are young men, farm servants, and unmarried. Deceased was about 20 years of age, and was also unmarried. They were all under the influence of liquor at the time of the melancholy occurrence.-Tyrone Contitution. FORTGHTLY AuSTRALUiN NArL.-The continued irregularity of the arrival of the Australian mail, and the oonsequent disarrangement of commercial correspondence, is seriously detrimental to all persons connected with these important colonies, and more especially to the mercantile community. In due course the September mail ought to have been delivered in Loadon, vid Marseilles, on November the 2d, yet we are stiU without advices. The outward mail, vid Southampton, left on the 12th, and the letters, vid Marseilles, must be posted on the 16th (Monday), so that there is no pssibility of replying to the heavy portion of the September mail, and it is quite possible that even the Marseilles bags will be despatched before letters come to hand even by that route; thus a full month's loss of time will ensue in all matters of business. The cause of the delay on the present occasion is said to be the striking of the Emeu steamer on a coral reef in the Red Sea, and cannot, therefore, be chargeable to want of proper arrangement on the part of the Australian Mail Company, for It appears she left Sydney at her appointed date, and arrived at Aden in due course. The heavy accumulative penalties which the Government has the power to levy must be destructive to the company if enforced on occasions produced by casualties and dangers of such a long sea voyage. Rence It Is apparent that no foresight or care can secure an uninterrupted course of postal communication with these distant settlements; therefore, the question naturally suggests itself whether anysupplementalmeans canbefound to lessen, if not to obviate, any temporary delay which may risefrom similar disasters. A ready resoonse to the query will be found, we consider, In the fact thats as it is the intention of the Government to establish weekly interconrse with our East Indian territorles,Ian adjunct plan might be easily effected for running steamers between Point de Galle and the nearest point on the Australian coast, say Nepean Bay, for the conveyance solely to and fro of the mails aud passengers, By this short voyage a fortnightly transmission of letters would be secured, and the expense of carrying out this most desirable arrangeraent would be comparatively insignificant. If itis necessary to establish weekly communication with the East Indies, surely the enormous trade of Australia with the I mother country, and which, moreover, is so rapidly increas- lig, demands something more than amonthly mail, and that, moreover, by the long unbroken sea voyage to Suez, which, experience shows, renders the steamers liable to accident and delay. The eagerness with which the arrival of each vessel from Australia is now looked for in respect of her freight of gold alone is unmistakeable evidence of the importance which the monetary world attaches to the expansion of the produce of these colonies in this particular, so that increased scdty of communication renders it evidently of as much moment to the mother country as it is to the colonies themselves. Surely such a boon is much more legitimately due to tbe fostering of trade and Cvilization thau as the consequence of revolt and tumult, which has brought abont this change for India in her postal arrangements.-Milning Jousnal of November 14. SorTI KiNsINGTOx MusEuM.-During the week ending November 14 the visitors have been as follows:- On Monday, Tuesday, and Saturday, free days, 2.403- on Mon,day and Tuesday, free evenings, 3,852; on the three students' days (admission to the public 64. li500; one istudents' evening, Wednesday, 134; totel, 6,889.
A SrAvzroLDue's LEGAoy.-A somewhat remarkable claim for payment of legacy came before the Scotch law courts Iast week. Stephen Henderson, a planter in Lonisiana, died in 1838, possessed of property vailed at 300,000W. He was born in the parish of Dunblane, Perth. shire, and his fortune would appear to have been altogether self-scquired. He left a will, which set out by protesting gainst any exception being taken to its form, writing, or speling. He provides for the conversion of his Destrehan pltation into a city to be called Danblane, and gives the following picture of his family:-" My whole family may be considered as a family of drunkards, and this misfortune must have come upon the side of mny father ; although that be was an antiquaran, learned and intelligent, yet to get drank once a month was to him a jubUiee. Xy mother was a Drummond, a descendant of the M'Gregors, good natured, but without much capacity. They were honourable and high-minded as respects their intercourse with others, but profigate and indolent as respects the management of their private concerns; being poor they were always in bank- ruptoy." He then proceeds to direct that his slaves shall be I treated with humanity, and that the adults shall receive 31b. of good beef or pork per week. He says:"I have aways treated my blacks with much indulgence, and even personal kindness. I have always been opposed to slavery, but as it is a property recognized by the constitution of the United States, to take that away yon would at once destroy the greatest and best regulated governmentnow in the Old or New World. Therefore, all attempts made by the fanatics or misguided people that is going about and preaching, like evil spirits, against slavery, turns the heads of the unfortunate neeroes and preppres them for the commnsion of every kind of crime, which compels their masters to limit the very liberty which they formerly awarded to them." He gives directfons for the emancipation of his slaves by lot at intervals of five years, and the furnishing of them with a free passage to "our settlement in Africa ," but " it must be clearly understood that the benefit now granted to my slaves is not to extend to a murderer or thief, or a confirmea runaway, or for any other high crime that can be legally proved." Aimong a number of legacies, he leaves the two which form the subject of the present action In the following terms:-" $2,000 per annum io be paid to the poor of the town of Dunblane, En Perthshire, North Brtain (this sum to he divided by the resident minister of the Presbyterian church), and to the two bighest civil officers in the town, to be paid upon due proof of their acceptance of their trust, say $2,000; $2,000 for the erection of a schoolhouse in the town of Danblane for 10 years only, and for the purpose of educating of the poor, this being the place of my birth. I feel no obligation, however, for these acts of charity; It is only done to help the poor who, hke myself, may be thrown upon the world without a penny or a friend. My greatest object is to do the greatest quantity of good, and to the greatest number of persons, and to the poorest people. I shall leave the world without regret, believing that I shall go to a better and hapier one." The pursuers in the action Are the Rev James Bce, minister of the parish, and the Sheriff Substi- tute and Sheriff Clerk Depute of the western district of Perthshire, Dnnblane havmg no burghal constitution. The defenders are the heirs-at-law, the brotners and sister of the testator, domiciled, we believe, in Scotland. Since 1838 proceedings have been going on in respect to Hendersont's will in the courts of Louisana, and in 1850 the legacies were there declared of none effect, on theLgrounds that there are three " Presbyterian" ministers in the town of Dunblane (that is the parish ministers and two ministers of Dissenting. Presbyterians) and no " highest civil law officers" in the town of Danblane. It had also been represented to that Court that the effect of the legacy, if paid, would be not to benefit Danblane, but to relieve the heritors of the county, seeing that the town was unincorporated. The pursuers aver that the invalidity of the bequest was declared in their absence and on ex parkt evidence, The defenders meet the claim by three Xrelimlnary pleas-first, that the pursuers have no title, tat the question is rc. judicata by the American Courts, and that this is not a competent Court, The Lord Ordinary (Benholme) repelled these preliminary pleas, and the defenders reclaimed to the First Division, which has now found that the case is not res judiaa. and that the Court of Session is forum compcw.n The Court, however, reserves the question of title as entering into the merlts, and, therefore, has not yet decided whether the pursuers are the parties described in the will as those entitled to recover the legacies In question, [Advertisement.1-Anid the disasters and vicissitudes of daily lien, how refaebhing It is tO po s a rood book-one that wiU aforcd amseet san recreation, and may be sately reliled upon either for casual reading, or for a Eto1 that w|i lastlbshe evetiLng throrugb. Ner, such a work, ever cheerfni and ever equal to these objeots. the fOrteoDMIng TOlume Of the " FamilY Friend" rnaot asuredly will be. 'Itarheeryshlnwewantaftterth5 curt.sins are "rw,adth sendlse as lt nc ongV~essant evenlng This is the ortcr111 o the " Pradosrd Oberyee upon lat year's volume I andItwapl witha itMl greater force to this lear's veolme, whlcsj wMb nrce with an authentie portrait of the Plrincess Royal, engrirod on steel, moDecl,.ly fer this work. by Adlard. and will co.tain 416 beautifully Illustrated pages ot agrecable, ueef,,l, and amusnug itersture. (,rown fvo, Cloth gilt. price 2s. 6d. Also Oase I prioe 6d1.,ltn wvhich to bind current yeas's maonthlyubr adad Look 162. Fleet-street. fdvertisement, j-apeof India, Delhi, &c., published byrEdward Stanferd.e, Oharlng-erog.-L 'Map of Delhi -and Ita enViron,s, Woie in sheet, oloured, 15. ; cas. . Gd, fre pe pot. 2. Delhi, a splendid7 chrOU0-1h0rolin of lbe sity and sneumndlng oounty, by . Maclure, from native and othe abetebes, price, plain 2i. Gd - adolore 4a. Gd, S. St,.fo,rd'a Slae. B,c lnda showIn h latest Lerritorinl acquisition ofthe British,the ldepett ent an ioteted States the rasas aal,m'tar~tions, bo.; together wit digras,exhbilug isancs ad a~rndsfo hePe deecle; o two rge bset, relased prie. iS. Od moute Ina
SHIP NEWS. -40 T.XTv"nT. --- - 64i[ed.-The Penriughame, for Gibalit r-the l)eclm, for Afic. 7fluaF IL -NOVEMBER 16. Arrived.-Tbe Middlesex, fzom New York-tbe Madalena Joheuno from Stockholm. al ed.-ThO BStwart, for Pldelphia-tbe steamerBritfsh Queen. for Havre-the Dochostr, for Bombay-the Kate, for SantandertheVanuar fo Cacnta-he aphe, orTzieste-the Marianne, The temer Ct7 bltimo *re, ene, arivfed it Newr York Nov. t. T.he steamuer Ara0o frmiota rre, arrved at Newr York Nor. 3. The iteamer IndIan, henca, arrived at quebec Nov. !t Thte Roya Mail stneam erEuoe. Whih lef Bost ov. 4 and LOlDoIc, Nov. 16.-Wind at noon, N.N. ; light sir. The ATIhmbra was totally wrked at MadrDa on the 13th Of O,tober. FAxIOUt. NOv. IS.-Arrived, the Lady Eglinton, from London for, Dublin. Waied, the Mary Rowell, for Hlamburg-the Ttto, for Gsiinaby-the Maxwell,the Glenooe, the VolAatsl, and the ellton Park for Hull-the Joh Donce, for Nowoastts-tbe Josephine, for London Saturday, NOv. 1 .-Windk. by N.Il-Arrived, the Swedish bark, Ahne.nn Thesen, from Ro3enelto for ordr. Sailed th,.Barley. oe Ltverpool. Sunday, Nov. 15-Wfud }!L from Olsegow-and the from LvrBo oan frmSundetlandt for Shergha °b IL-Tb leak. ahaving been aehore at AnxzAornriza.Nov,I.-TheAgernon. Percy bark, of Shields, trom Bunderland frue,was wreckd cotareef near Ghareb, lRed Bea, on the15th of Octobe- orewasved. R.tiwic, No. kTheLlddeadal bark, of and from Shields for Aden, grounded on the Longisiod Yesterday. during a thick tog, and war banone thi da ; rewand Pilot saved. Srocs.uor., Nov. 1i-The Stya,term Cot Atetdaibl from Geae for Lobdon, went on shore near Oregrund on the 7th Inst., and will pro- actrdl;utt llbTnnd -bea of D6obda, from TrooLL for tee mhas been received from Bevl:- Th Heslnfov cosulandrepain ar going to surrey the : R u r'd uig o u.~~~~~~13TONZOle raa bme Gax.anno iov. 5-The teleBaPh to 8lins wa throwm open to oom. mherce on the 2d Inst. me,rl ag uhdmgdadmt COIA.itihAt, Oct.- &-The On9tatintlnople from the Mnut1h River for Liverpool,became leaky at sea, In tonmequence of having grotmded In the Boy Mutlah River. when outward bond ad bore up for this Dort, wbere hbe rolled over the Muckra PuttyL and antk; One lifte lost. The Americn aip J. P. Morse, from iveroiol, trounded onr the Jamer and Mary's Btand coming upthe river. ut floated with le fee ofwaer n hr old ad ws achredInthe Western Gut, where hedy sankduring the night andtbb e a totalloss. The Mathilde Wattenac h, which atrivedJhere°ondthhe elatof August from Livepool andthe aurtin B f roatthe} lattet place; abe is now In oo ramouth, arrved be docked. ~ ~ ~ h am-odardmg HONGONG~i. SePt. 24-A fearul typhooni raged on the comst of China on the 4th of September. extendn to Rhanghai, and it in to be ered there will be Many Asualties to add to those mentioned below. The Britis Ch onfsclus Waaloft oni the 4th of September oft Swatow; master ang 1 iof the crew drowned, supercargo and is hands picked up by the Patria. The Crsftal Palae put into Swstow with loss of spa bowsprit, ft. which vel6el sighted anotber ontrde dabled. At San-bhn (Formosa, out of 13 vessr at anchor on the night of the 4th of September, only thre were visble the next morn-. Ing. The British brig Nile foundered with all hands. The British schooner Vixen was lost; ceW 1saved. The Beltis ships Whaumpoast Warerley, and rza Jane; the Blritish brig Am, and the Briti bark Melani, were all driven on sbore They were all atterwards got of eX*ep!tbte Aim, the Run Jakne, and the Melauie, with much d&amae The ark Croean, from inepapre, put in on the :Id of Soptember in a sinking state. Bhre , Oct. 17.-The brig Uniorn, after clearing out hence, Septem ber 17, for Queentown, Dut back on the sth of ocober dgt. masted, and with other damage I a hurricane encountehed ner the Island of ozuceLl. Se will proceed after repairing. SandAbOHI, Sept. I.-The Aerolite from London, and the Minim from Poo-chow-o, are reported en shmor on the soath hank of the YangtgyKiang. The Harkawey, from New Zealand, was dismwted It a typhoDn, and is at anchor among the Saddle Island A steamner has been swet to her aredtaccea Foo-cnow-Foo, Sept. IL-The Conueror. frm Hongkong, hLa Dut In difmawted, &c. The Whampoa. from Norm alrivd to-day with six feet of 'water In her hold, having on hoarndthe crew of the Vixen, which vsel and the Nile went down at their anchors in Smamon Bay, Formogs, on the 4th inst. Wleny, Nov. me -The Grenwell Dobin , from Oronstadt for I-ondon, standed on Fam Island, wa rtrn asore fuj of water on the having struck Oa Salvo Ree on the let wheo e wa assted Lmondn, which put bIorkhere lteakyon them 1 rcbtnh e lodeJ from ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~o Nee ra ln York f3rreD tothe m.-Wlyin VEn.; andIvanhoe. uly. bs being tranfThe bark-BohLr wasdriven asre from herdanoes Elzbon to the hank atrthe ernxtranceofth re RangoonRiver,and wro s le-thby the crw,f on SlStehedwas- her heame, ro ancis. the Pa ls *Dd Londkn. ad LNh GE&VIMEND, NOv. 15 (BY MAoccN=o TXXXOsuy.LL) (From Lloyd's.) Arrived.-The Tiger, from Aatwerp-the Mbb eg,! from Gotteburg the Pro}peity, from MaLa D-the Lndwlz fromh Stralsndtfeorolm rene, from Dsntslo-the Ooumteu of Lonadae, from Hamburg-the Draon, from Antwerp-thme Pythagora%, from Rtga-the Deborah and the Jante, from Antwerp-ud the Melons from Guernsey. Salled.-The Comelusn Gennell, for New York-the Royal Diadema, for Adelade. Nov. 16. .3.0 am.-Wind,'E. : tide, half flood; weather hazy. Salled.-The Dolphin, for Antwerp-the Nyenoord, forRolterdain-. the Castor, for Hamburg-and the Elizbeth, for Rio Janeiro. 1 p.m.-Wind, 3.; last houdes tlood; fine. AzrrTLvd-The Flecha, fromGhent,-tho Rosells and the Matilda, from Memel-the Brunette, from Taganfog-the Expert, from NewPort-the Zeollotus from DanteI-the G. B. Lama, from New Yorkthe LHonno, f rom GraTella-the Premier, from Skilliefte-the, Nezaden, from brill-the Avon, from Melbourne-the Danele Simony, from Aalberg-the Stenton, from Archangel-the Gidofn, from New York, S pm.-Wlnd, IL ; two hours'e ebb; frh and fine, Arrlved.-The Effort, from Rotterdam-the Elzabeth Wblttwom from Cronstadt,-the Vreioand, from Worena-the Reliance, frm Stettin. Sailled.-The Seliet, for &SIaly-the Paris and London, for Paris-the Trident, for Touning. pm.-WWnd, B.; l*thour'sebb ; weather fins. Aruived.-The Magdalene, trom Aalborg-the LMeg erriles, from Stettin-the Henry, from Dantedo- the Petoonnel, from Hofmstead-the Maid of Moray, frm Dantdo-the Paeetine, from New York. Msrled.-The Medina, for Jamaica. DKCAL, Nov. 16. (BY BUOcrMnO TELw.oLoaynj (From Lloyd's.) 9 a.m.-WInd, B.S.E.; mnoderate. Pined on the 13th, In Channel.-The Lulea, from Gottinburg for the westward-the Hermol, from Shields for Naples-the Union. from Newcastle for Oite. Pawsed on the 15th.-The Maria Barzie, forTrinaldad,0the Tascan, for thLe Mauritius. the Dependent, for St. Thoma.es. and the Unior, for Sydney, all from London-the Dmarohln Oastle, from Sunderland for 1a1dera- the Bcottc Maid, from Shields for Rouen-the Aurora, from ondon for Oporto-the Falon, froma Shields for Alexandria. Salled.-The Helen, for HIu Mr. GIl, the chief octrer of the Dependent, was unfortunately knocked overboard by the mano om, and drowned lN.t evening oft the North Foreland. Noon-WInd, S.of ; lisht and fine. PTheWd.-The Paris and Lrondn. fromlParls for London. 2 P.m.-Wlnd, E.B.F. : Olt and fine. No arrivals. 72 p.Dm.-Wind, E.S.R ; moderBte and fine. Arrived and soed...-The Effland,. for aewport-the john Saeby. for Tobago-the Oornellus Grenueli, for New York-the Crect of the Wave, fOr Hongkong-tb0 Royal Diadem, for Adelaide-the Lavinla for the Cape of Good Hope,All from London-the Safeguard, froml Hartlepool for Algiers. Arrivedand AncObremj.The Peruvian, from Walao for Aberdeenthe Rover, front Taganrog for aull. P- ~~VacaxLIS Si'ogxcyWne. A British shp, No. 1,8124 econd distinguishing pendant, bound W,Nov. 2, in lit. SO N., long. l W. WThe Middltton, wth e~ngere, Oct. 28, in lit. 42 N., long. 42 W. ThlOW. r C fm nda o Madras, Oct. 14, in lit. IS., long. The Goeforth, from London rtor Bombay, Oct. 17. In lat, 5SN., long. 18 W. The Idae. Of Liverpool for Bonny, Oct. 19. in lat. 8 N., long. 19 W. The Waldesian of Aberdeen Oct. 21, off St. Vincents The General W Znban,of XA;berdeen, Oct28 Ain lat. 25 N., long. 21 W. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. morning - - .. S mm.L after 21I Afternoon .. 13 mt. after 2
[Advertisement.]-Lady FalMiand's New Work on India. -A seowndedition.rerl$d i now redy, in2rol&, 8ro. witb Ilus. tratonA of "Chow-Choow," 'bedg seloctios from a journal kept Itn India, &C., by the Vicoutees Falnd. Thi work deserves to be oonsldered as one of the mos interestIng and graphic oontributions to tho literture of the day and at abe Present ti.e. wben attention is F0 strOngly dirweted towasis the state of our Indian esepire tt wil aeireilybeptsedr with deep Interest,"-Ohserver. Also, jutpb now woirk, " The ides and Reveries of AEsop Brcttb by Marian P. Tapper, in3 ToL, Itb. 6d. Hunt and 1sictett, publis erm, 13, Great Marloroughtreet [Advertisement. I-" Outram and Havelook's Persian Campalse," by C taL a. H. HEntu 7kMh Highlander, in 1 vol, price 76. .loth boarcM Is now ready with eIgbt tted hthographs from sketches by the autbor. Preixed io the workc itka emmary of Peroia,k history. The Perianlar snrslva i gnr erd oelebrated frot tbe tact tbhtGenerals ontramand Ha%Ysiok (whoe morerecentdeedain idia, are now the theme of ererY tongue) were Prominent actors in itts tirring senes. Ths narraare s written by the gallant Captain Hlnut who,fsrhArfnghe aWshbaMer in the dangtr ad gloPyofGuber.1 Hareloeks march to releve Lucknow, bh Iatedieo ot cholera ftom. the effecti ot his exertions,"-Kmrning Her td Londo., Qeorba ctletiede and C.,, F.rringdou-treet.
MILITARY A2YD A'AT-AL IXTELLIGICNCE. Yesterday rnorning the reinforeoments for the Ist Dragoon Guards, 2d Dragoon Guards, 7th Hussars, 20th, 23d (WeLsh Fus'ilers), 35th, 53d, 61st, S4th, and 90th (Light Infantry Regiments), left Chathain garrison and embarked on board tho George Marshall, at Gravesend, for Calcatta, in charge of En*ien F. Mansel, 20th Regiment, and Enisign 21. Williams, S4th Regiment. The 94th Regiment, under the command of Colonel Mils, embarked on Friday on board the hired scre- steam transport Austria, Captain Heydtmann, and sallud from Plymouth Sound on Saturday for Kurrachee. Captain George Bray and Lieutenant Cochrane, 10th Regiment, have sailed for Gibraltar in the ship Lady M'Nagbten with a detachment, consisting of 2 sergeants and 48 rank and lfile of .the 91st Regiment, embarked as a guard over convicts. Fifty non-comnuissioned officers and men, who were medically inspected at St. Mary's invalid dep6t, Chatham, on Friday last by a board of commissioners from Chelsea Hospital, were yesterday ordered to be held in readiness to be discharged owing to their unfitness for further service. A large number of the troopers were invalided home from the regiments serving at Malta. Nearly 300 recruits arrived at Chatharo during the last week, chiefly fronl the reeruiting districts in London, Bristol, Liverpool, and York, for the purpose of joining the Indian depots at that garrison. Upwards of °3,000 recruits have joined at Chathamn since the new regulations relative to recruiting have been issued from the War office and tho reduction made in the standard. Tho following officers have received leave of absence from their regiments at Chatham previously to embarking for India:-Major the lien. :. J. W. Forester, 8S3d Regiment; Captain J. Johnston, 8th Regiment; Captaiu J. J. Bourchier, 52d Light Infantry; Captain S. C. Jackson 70th Regiment ; Captain A. Wright, 81st Regiment; and Lieutenant W. J. Anderson, 32d Regiment. The Brilliar,t, 20, Captain J. A. Paynter, which has arrived at Chatham from the West Indies, where she lost a considerable portion of her crew from yellow fever, will be put out of commission, and the crew tranqferred to one of the ships to be fitted out at Chatham, probably the Racoon, 21, screw corvette, which is to oe commissioned at that port. The crew on being paid will be allowed a month's run on shore. The Heron, 12, Commander W. H. Truscott, fitting at Chatham, is nearly ready for sea, the whole of her crew having joined. She has received her stores, &c., on hoard, and yesterday bent sails preparatory to dropping down the river for the purpose of taking on board her powder and ammunition. Her Maiesty's scrjw steamship Archer, 13 guns, recently arrived at Woolwich from the North American station, Is ordered to be brought forward for foreign service. Com mander R. B. Oldfield, having been appointed to the screw steama sloop Lyra, under fitment at Woolwich, took up his commission yesterday, under orders, it is said, for the West Coast of Africa. The paddlewheel steam sloop Ardent, commissioned by Commander Cave, is being prepared for a similar service, as weU as the Spitfire, nearly ready for sea. The Triton has already sailed for the abovenamed station, and wiU be joined by the Lynx and Sharpshooter, the result of a demand made by Commodore Adams, senior officer of the station, for the supply of an auxiliary force for the suppression of the increasing trade in slaves on that toast. The steam-transport Dee, Master Commander Pullen, was yesterday admitted into basin at Woolwich, to be re-laden with steam machinery for Portsmouth and Devonport. Courts-martial on two lieutenants and the master of Her Majesty's ship Juno will take place this week at Portsmoath. The Rhadamanthus ateamvessel, -Master-Commander Sturdee, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday morning from Woolwich with boilers for the Blonde, 50-gun screw frigate, being built at Pembroke. THE MILITIL Yesterday orders were forwarded to the head-quarters of the 3d oyjal Suray Regiment of Militia, at Richmond, to hold the corps in readiness to proceed to Dublin for garrison duty. The regiment numbers 800 bayonets, and will pro. ceed on Thursday to Liverpool for embareation. The 49th East Kent Militia, commuanded by Colonel Brockman, consisting of 32 officers and 800 non-cozanmis. stoned officers and privates, arrived from Canterbury yester. day In Woolwich garrison. Two companies are temporarily -provided with quarters at the Royal Marine barracks, and the remaibsder are quartered with the Royal Artillery. The Abeona steam-transport embarked yesterday at I'ortsmouth the Royal Elthorne (5th Middlesex) Militia, and was to leave with them last evening for Cork.
GENERAL NEiLL.-The rebellion has claimed ano ther victim, and General Neill, who during his sahort career in Bengal endeared himself to the heart of every European in India, has falen. When the intelligence of his death reached Calcutta every one felt as if he had lost a personal friend, and his death cast no little gloom upon the intelligence of the relief of Lucknow that otherwise would have caused universal rejoioing. The public were hardly prepared for the death of General Neil His career had been so brilliant, his daring so conspicuous, and his escapes so numerous, that it was believed that he would not only survive to see order once again restored in India, but to receive 'those honours which his conduct so richly merited, and of which not even official formalism could deprive him. His great powers of endurance, strength of constitution, and personal appearance-for he was scarcely past the vigour of manhood-tended-to inerease this belief in his Invincibility, and therefore the intelligence of his death was the more) sudden and found us the more unprepared. We did not judge of General Neill as we do of other men. To him was never imputed vacillation nor infirmity of purpose. Frout his first coming among us, from his departure for the Upper Provinces to his death at Lucknow, it was felt that -an officer had appeared who, if he had been spared, would have risen to the highest eminence. Difficulty and danger served but to call out all his abilities and to awake all his energies. Aad yet with all this vigour of purpose and energy of vwill 4eneral Neil was a true soldier. His power over the men under his command was immense, adld was equaUed only by his care and attention to their wants. It was his maxim that no man was, emphatically, a soldier, who unneoessariy harassed or exposed the troops under his command. And thus, with but very inadequate means, and opposed to forces more than twice as numerous as his own, General Neil was able to achieve great result, with-comparatively small loss of life on his part. And rhe daring that he exhibited did not arise from want of thought or that stupidity which does niot fear because It does not foresee danger, but was the result of calm calculation. He knew well the aature of the rebels with whom he had to deal; that they were accus. -tomed to dissimulatioo, and to the maintenance of a bold front with a craven heart. Thuz he chose rather to confound them with gallant daring and straight*forwardness of purpose than to induce them to assume a specious appearanoo of amity by diplomnacy. Hle apperoed during the time he servod in Bengal to be oae of the Euro. .peans, and not one from them. Te never used the power -which -he -knew so well how to wield to show how far he was ;above public opinion, and ohow he could run counter to the wishes of a whole community, merely for the purpose of ,gratifying his vanity or his own seliih ends. There was nothing of assumption or vnity in Ge. eral Neill, and the public whom he has so well~aorved, and ishom at Allahabad, ,in the burning of Kydgunge, at Cawnpore,-in that room which still bears witness to the massacre of our countrymenand at Lucknow, he has so well revenged even at the sacridfice of his own life, will do him honour.-Friced of India. ThE OVERLAND MAIJ.S.-The following particulars of the despatch of the Bombay and Calcutta Overland lXails will be interesting to our readers. The Bombay maU (15 boxes) reached Paris on Friday evening in time to be despatohed by the regular mall train. It left Paris at 7.30 .m,, and arrived at Boulogne at 1.5 a.m. on Satunday. she eelebrated mall packet Prince Frederick William embarked the mail in Boulogne-roads and left at 1.20.; wind light and easterly, night very dark and hazy, and numerous herrin.boats in the track. She arrived at the Admiralty Bier, Dover againstitide, in Ihour 52 minntea; the mal was landed and carried to the station in 15 minutes, and the -traLn.stared at 3.27 and arrived at London-bridge at 5oZ1 a.m. The time occupied In conveyance from London-to Paris wasounder 10 houres, although the snails were embarked by small boat in Boulogne-roads and the railwy train ran up to Xondon in only 11 minutes less time than it occuples-in the daily morning express toDoves-. This eadly arrival nid Zoulogne and Dover enabled the Post-offlee to esud1 out -London. letters by early delivery, and to despatch all b he co3mtry porilwo by the regular morning mails. Had the malls come in-he usual mannec nid Casai, this could not-hyve been efrected, for the mails that left Paris bo ame -train arrived a Dover about the ;same time aestbe Urobay mal arrived in London, although -the mal aet ket-Ondine wasnonly 1 hour and 40 minutes on the passage. The delcutta mail (43 boxes) left Paris 117 sPecial traai at i5 ar. on Saturday, reached 'Boulogne at ds.er -was placed on board the Pronce Frederiok Wbnam in sevenmininultes, and the packet left Boulogae harbour at 11 lock and ran everlio Dover in I hour an 4S miautes, thequickestpaMoge over. made. Getting alongside ant coiiveyikg .'themaUl to the taMion occupiead only 12 min-tes, and the train de. parted xt six minutes w ore I and arrived at Lendon-bringe at fourxzainutes before3 pnm. If-thO railways hodkept the samne time as on previouts specia occasions this despatch awouli h&a been in reality the quilc eet ever madre between London and Paris, for everything onnected with the coa. eyance of uld boxes from station to packet and packet to station was dov~e in the smartest manner. But the weather was uchaganstkeepng p te seedon the rails, and, arrangements. By the mea!sures tey dotdobrn these mails from Mariles ~ LonothCact mi wMv delivered in town on Saturday' evnn,istead of M1onday mrnin, an thecounry p'rtln ofthisc most inaporaatmai wa fowared t last~6hours before it would hav ben esptced ndr odiaryr~sitneof rrvalan deprtue, orhadit rrvedin onon ae nStr
THE IRECK OF THJO DUATBAR, AUSTRA- LIAN CLIPPRR. We gabber from the Sycdney ilorTitng Herald of the 10th of September the following partionlars respecting the melancholy wreck of the Dunbar, which has already been announced:- "The Dunbar, the property of Messrs. Dunbar, of London, was built at Sunderland by Laing, for her owners, who are celebrated for the extent of their mercattile marine. She was launched on the 30th of September, 18i3 ; she was of 1,980 tons burden, and her registered toniage 1,321; hor dimensions were-length of keel per measuremnent, 201 feet 9 iziches; extreme breadth, 35 feet ; depth of hold, 22 feet 7 inches; beight between decks, 7 feet 3 inches; her timbers were British oak, and she was planked and decked with East India teak. Her masts, also of teak, were of enormous strength, the ma2inmast wmeigbing nine tons, the foremast eight tons, and the mizen in proportion. The poop was 82 feet in length and 7 in height. Her cost when fitted for sea was 30,0001. All that remained of her was sold, although within so short a distancefrom the city, for 1821, l0s. The Dunbar was uninsured. The cargo of the Dunbar was estimated at 72,0001. She sailed from Plymouth on the 31st of May. Her officers and crew were 59 in number, and she carried 63 passengers. 33very one on board, with the exception of one of the crew, perished in the waves. She had had up to the moment of the catastrophe a prosperous voyage. There had been no deaths, no siokness or disasters. She had not lost aspar or a rope. There were no hands on deck except the watch. There was no alarm among the passengers or crew. I"1' On the 20th of August she sighted Botany Bay. Johnson, the sole survivor of the wreck, gives the following aceount of the subsequent working of theship :- 4 We carried the same sail throughout until we made the land at Botany. This was on the Thursday evening. All hands saw the land distinctly. After that the captain ordered us to close reef the topsails, and we were closehauled to the wind. The wind was then about E. and by S. We were close to the wind and lying about N.E. and by N., and lying along the coast. At the time we made this land, to the best of my opinion, we were about 10 or 12 mUes off, and the ship had her starboard tacks aboard. We were under easy sail, sails having been shortened after we saw the land. We had on no topgallantsails, and we had three reefs in the main and fouir reefs in the foretopsail. The mizentopsail was stowed, and the spanker was brailed up The inner jib and the maintopmaststaysaU were taken in. The weather was squally with thick rain. When we made the land at Botany we kept on our course. This was between 6 and 7 o'clock, and when night came on we still kept our course, and shortly afterwards we saw the Sydney liht. I saw it about7 o'clock, shortly aftergetting supper. at was known to be the Sydney Head light. The vessel was then lying her course about N.E. and by N. She was lying her course in that sort of manner that we had no difficulty-we had lenty of room. She was not at all labouring with the sai she had on. I know that she was making heavy leeway. It is my impression that she had not got enough sail on her to prevent her snaking this leeway. This was not said on board ship, but I think so. Captain Green was on the deck. They were not shaking the ship up into thewind, but keeping herclear fulL The captain was not conning the ship. The chief oficer was on the poop likewise. The watch on deck went below according to orders, and were relieved at 8 o'clock. It was raining hard. The light was only seen at intervals, but distinctly. It is a revolving light. I was on deck at 8 o'clock, asI belonged to the chief officer's watch. The captair; remained on deck when the watch was relieved, and gave orders the same as usual. Everything was attended to, and his orders were punctually obeyed. Everything went atraightforward, and there was no annoyance of any kind. All the men were quite correct and obeyed orders, We stood along the coast till we fetched the light up to the lee mizen rigging. The vessel was not labouring; she came to her helm willingly. One man only was at the wheel until we began to square yards, when two men were sent there. The lee mizen riggiog was on the port side of the ship. The [captain was on the weather aide of the deck. He had no night glass, but the second mate had a case of what we call opera glasses. Wheu the light was brought to bear upon the lee mnizen rigging all hands were piped up by the boatswain. The hands turned up. Tho boatswain sung out for " aU bands to wear ship." These were the words that were passed along. The usual orders were given. When we came on deck orders were given to square away the yards. We got the orders to square away. After a short timae the captain gave orders to haul up the foresail; it was then reefed. The ship then kept before the wind. The light was clearly visible at timee. When the words were given to square the yards the light had previously been seen. The vessel was running in on a heavy sea. It was blowing very fresh in squaUs, with thick small rain. It was about 11 o'clock when the hands were caUed up. There were two men on the forecastle, with the third mate, on the lookout for the land. The third mate was on the forecastle with the two men, and the second mate was afterwards sent there also. The captain sang out, "Do you see anything of the North Head ?" andthe mate said, " No; I see nothing of It. I was on the poop at this time standing by the braces. She had the light a bit on her port bow when I saw it at this time. Then the captain sung out to the man at the wheel to keep his luff; the yards were about a point or so to port. I heard these words; it was done. The course of the ship was changed a small bit by this. Shortly after this the second mate sang out, " Breakers ahead I" This was a few minutes afterwards. The captain sung out to the man at the wheel to port his helm. We were all at thebraces. He told usto haul in the port braces, and brace the yards sharp up. It was done, and done quickly, without delay. There were 13 able seamen in eaoh watch. There was no want of hands. We were well manned, and we could see the ligBht it ap. peared right over us. I heard no further orders given. A few minuses after we had hauled theyards round-about two minutes after-she went side on to the rooks. She was trying to stretch out to the eastward, her head lying along the land to the north ; then we struck.' " On Friday, the 21st of August, at half-past 7 in the morning a pilot first discovered that a vessel had been wrecked near the lighthouse. Captain Wiseman, of the steamship Grafton, entered the Heads at half-past 9 o'clock the same morning, and from the floating fragments about the Heads saw that a vessel had gone ashore and had been wrecked, and brought to Sydney the alarming tidings at 10 a m. The state of the weather prevented the signals from the Heads being seen at the Sydney station, and thus uo information of this disaster had reached the city at that hour. Without delay many persons proceeded to the wreck. Publio vehicles were engaged, and hundreds, notwithstanding the state of the weather, went on foot to the scene of the disaster. six miles from Sydney. An awful spectacle presented itself before their eyes. The waves, agitated with the fury of storm, threw the mutilated bodies of the dead upon the rocks-now bearing them back into the deep, and now hurling them back again on the crest of the wave. A steamer proceeded down the harbour shortly after the report of the wreck, and obtained complete evidence that the lost vessel was the Dunbar (a mail bag and a cask, both marked ' Dunbar'), asd not, as supposed by some, a North American vessel, or by others, the Vocalist, an emigrant ship then due, and since safely arrived. "The agents of Government, Captain Pockley of the harIbour department, the police, and the members of the pilos establishment commenced an active search to resue and guard whatever might be floated to the shore; Captain Denbam, and several officers of the Royal Navy, as8isted in this task. The violence of the surf prevented their approaching the scene of the wreck. The weather continued boisterous and the waves rolling with unabated force and deafeniDg noise continued to dash against the cliffs. S everal bodies were carried by the current into Middle and North Harbours. "Johnsonhaagivenaclear account of his own preservation. He states that the mizenmast went first, and then the mainmast; that he was on the poop when the vessel struok, and was thrown down. He then caught hold of a stanchion - when that gave way he made for the cabin, but the rushing in of the water prevented his passing through, as he intended. He then went below, and got out of the skylight to leeward, and up the side of the chain plates of the fore rigging. These being broken, he was thrown over, holding by the chain plates which held some of the fore planks together. Johnson remembers that several seamen were near him-one the old boatswain, who said to him, ' We shall have a watery grave.' " Johnson, having found himself on a shelf of the rock, was enabled to obtain some shelter behind a projection, and there he sleDt. When the morning broke he saw the wreck and the boies of his late companions. Re endeavoured to make signals. but was undiscovered. He uttered cries, but the boiling ocean prevented them being heard. A careful searoh was, however, making. Every spot was occupied by spectators where there was a chance of seeing any object below. At last a cry was heard, ' There is a man upon the 'rocks. A rope was lowered without delay. After some failures it was brought within his reach. There was danger from the projection of the rooks, but, having entwined the rope with seaman's skill around him, he gave the signal, and he was drawn up some 200 feet, and was received by the crowd with cries of gratulation aud joy. He had passed about 30 hours upon the rocks. Johnson is a native of Drogheda, in Ireland, and is about 23 years of age. "After hisrescue an incident occurred such as always excites the enthusiasm of English people. It was reported that there were other persons upon the rocks. It was impossible to approach them by sea. An adventurous IceLander, Antoine Welrer, an apprentice to a jeweller in yney, offered to descend. HIe was lowere4 by a rope from that dreadful height and continu^Aed more than half an hour in bli search, Nothing was discovered, and Woleer was drawn up in safety, amsid the shouAts of the crowd. The sMayor or Sydney, at the suggestion of Captain Loring, of Her Majesty's ship Iris, opened a subscription on the spot, and presented him with 101, as an acknowledgment of his intrepidity. In answer to the congratulations of the mayor he said, 'he did not go down for money, but for the feelings of his heart.' A considerable sum has been added by the merchants to this subscription. "' A4largequantity of goods, broken and scattered, were cast upon the shore. Some were articles of dress. There was also a piece of crochet work, with the needle and reel of cotton attached, a number of cbildren's toys, and a small hat with a feathw in it, recognized by Johnson as having been worn by a child on board the Dunbar in the tropics. There were also found a few fragments of dress, marked with the names of the owners. "An inquest was skeld on the 24th, at which Johnson's evidence, part of which we have given above, was taken; and , the jur returned a vecdict, in which they say-"Theremay have been anerror of adgment in the vessel being so closc to the shore at night in.cuch brd weather, but the jury do not attach any blame to Captain Green or his offiers for the less of the Dunbar.' t the sanie time they call attantion to the inadequacy of the pilot arrangements of the port of Sydney. " A rfAher eager eeestrovex, as to the course adopted by Q%sptain Green mmeem to hav* taken place in Sydney. A numuber of togtains of vessls isa thre port signed a circular to tke effectta they eongiderad his bearing up for the port quite judicious, while other nafttical authorities are of opinion that he should have stoed 'out to sea. The Sydney )ierald' states that, several plans had! beeni suggest-ed since the rec fo thebeter ightng f te,)arbour. "Thefolo wng s alis oftheDunAr,- passengers: "Chif Caln.-r. ad Mr. A.Meye andsix hilren, Mis J,Wak, M. nd rs.K, ~llr nd ix hilre and Mrs. Mylne, Misses A. and E. Mylne, fr. A. D. James, Mr.F. Tindda, Mr. a. DAvidson, Mr. and MCrs. Cuhnac, Mrs. Egan, son, and daughter. Mr. Simmons,Mr M'Quoid, Mr. and Mrs. Peek, Mr. DJowney, Misses litnt (2), Captain Steane, R.N., Mr. Severn, Mr. Levein, Miss Logan and two Masters Logan, and Mr. Ccthbert. Interruediate :-Mrs. Dobell, MIrs. J.Brr, Miss Graham, Messr. W. Byron, J. Holl Wiesmer, EHill, W. Beme Mir. and Mrs. (Clark and two children; Mr. and Mrs. Saini Mrs. Brown and child, Mrs. Annan an three children, air. and Mrs. Hfealing and three children, and Mr. and Mrs Strange. We feel certain that Messrs. Devitt and Moore, the brokers to this fine vessel, will give every ir,formation. that lies in their power to the relatives or friends of any of her unforttunate passengers. " The following is the list of the crew :-Captain James Green, of London, commander ; Mr. James Banks Sbu- thers, 26, of Aberdeen, first mate; Mr. James Spence, 2431 I of Orkney, second mate,; Mr. John Pascoe, 18, Cornwall, tbird mate; Mr. Alexander Fraser Bayne, 2S, of London, surgeon ; George du Veenet, 16, Southampton, 'miadshipman ; Win B. Willfams, 16, Newport, inidshipman; Thomas D. Kay, 14, H avon, midshipmani ; A. D. Heisch, 17, London, midshipman ; George Groom, 19, Walworth, miidshipman; James Ward, 30, London, steward; Samuel Wood Simper, 23, London, cuddy servant; Robert Payne, 20, eorfolk, cuddy servant; Richaird Le, 24, Ireland, cuddy servant; William Snowdon, 37, York, carpenter ; John Ring, 37, London, boatswain; Joba Jack, 26, Edin. huargh, cookc; Peter Addison, 24, Musselborough, cook's |mate; James Parks, 34, London. hbuxther; George Fis, 19, Rent, butoher's mate ; Charles Hopper, 20. London, midshipman's servant; Robert Smith, 34, York, quartermaster and A.B. ; Robert Deanness, 31, Orkney, quartermasterand A.B.; John Lewis, 37, Gibraltar, quartermLaster and A.B.; James Alger, 23, London, sailmakrer; Thomas Cbappeil, 40, London, A..B.; Frederick Smith, 23. Lcndon. A.B. ; Alexander MaIrow, 32. Sweden, A.B.; Royal Woodworthn 28, Sweden, A.B. ; William Lbh, 30, Plyiouth, A.B. ; Henry Bevan Wilianis, 21, Rent, A.B.; Charles Luppel, 36, Rent, A.B. ; George Lolmar, 34, Kent, A.B. ; John Colston, 46, Rent, A.B. ; Ion Aman, 24, Finland, A.B. ; John Whiffen, 24, London, A.B. ; John Prayer, 36, Arandel, A.B. ; Autonio Hoyne, 24, Hamburg, A.B. ; Thomas Bey, 31, Ham. burg, A.B. ; Jaimes M'Givereen, 26, Liverpoo, A.B., James Douglas, 21, LimnerIck, A.B.; David Knox, 40, Bunk Island, A.B. ; John Gay, 27, Glocester, A.B.; William Home, 23, Orkney, A.B. B WiUiam Miller, 31, Greenock, A.B. ; James A uchterwind, 19, St. Andrew'b, O.S. ; John Henry Gumming, 16, Torquay, O.S.; James Bruce, 25, carpenter's mate; Wvilliam ackay, 25, ship'ssteward; Charles iStinsOn Grant, London, apprentice; James M'Gfnfie, Lon. don, apprentice; Thomas Home, Plymouth, apprentice; Frederick Wats, Sydney, New South Wales, apprentice; and John Allan, Plymouth, apprentice."
METROPOLITAN BOARD OF WOKS. A meeting of the Board was held yesterday in the Comraon Pleos Court, Guildhall, Mr. Thwaitespresiding. TE MAIN INTERCEPTiNG DRAINAGE. The meeting was made special for the purpose of con. sidering and proceeding upon the report by the chairman of the result of the conference with the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works on the main intercepting drainage; butt Mr. D'IFFAGsER, in pursuance of notice, rose to move the following resolution:- "That before tiklg any further steaps on the engineer!ng pofnts of the main drainage the Boards or a oommlttee, do week an Interview with the Firet Lord of the Treasmu and the Chancellor of the ExcheEuer, fo: the purpose of oascrtaining whether Government ame prer,ed to assct the Board In reference to Its nsanclaI position, and to what extent; and that the members of Paritament reprosenting metropolitan eondtUtnenWies be requeeted to attend the Interview." He thought that everyone who had read the report of the conference must be convinced of the necessity of some 8uch resolution being adopted by the Board. He was aware that somc persons were of opinion that the Board ought not to go to the Government till they had settled what plans should be adopted; but it was quite certain that if the Board had not the aid of Government it would be imn possible to carry the sewage down to Sea Reach. It was true Sir B. Hall was of opinion that Parliament would not give a farthing towards effecting that object- bat much as he respected that gentleman he did not think him to be an absolute authority on this point, and he would strongly urge upon the Board the propriety of their going to the head of the Government on a matter of such national importance; for it was idle to say that the drainage of London was a question which concerned tne inhabitants of London alone. The Government ought to give the Board the aid of indirect as well as direct taxation. The coal-tax of 9d. in the pound would expire in the year 1802. That tax produced 160,0001. per annum, and the tax upon omnibuses and cabs produced 100,0001.; why should not the benefit of these taxes, yielding 260,0001. a-year, be given to the Board for metropolitan improvements H He did not think the inhabitants of the metropolis would object to the continuance of the coal-tax for that purpose. It was all very well to say that to extend the outfall from B* to Sea Reach would only occasion an additional rate of five farthings in the pound, but to many persons a rate to that amount would be of great consequence. The hon. member concluded by moving the resolution. Mr. Rows seconded the motion, which, in his opinion, ought to have precedence of every other, as the chief difficulty the Board had to contend against was one of finance. All the engineering difficulties might be disposed of in a wveek; butUntil the financial question was satisfactorily settled nothing could be done with the miain drainage of London. Mr. BRISTOW being of opinion that the resolution, however proper it might bo in itself, had been brought forward at an inopportune moment, moved the previous question, which was agreed to, and the original motion was therefore not put. OBSERVATIONS BY THE, GOVERNME3NT REFEREES. Mr. H.L. TAYLOR drew the attention of the chairman to a statement which had just been put forth by the referees to the effect that it had been agreed upon by the chairmaan of the Board that the objections which the Board had raised to the engineering points of the scheme of the referees should be disoussed at a conference between the engineer of the Board, accompanied by two members of the Board, and themselves. The CuIAmlfAN.-The referees are entirely mistaken. It was impossible r could agree to any such suggestion. Indeed, the very accurate report by the shorthand writer of what passed at the conference (and vhich has been pubished) clearly shows that that was not agreed to by me. Mr. E. L TAx'BOac.-I thoughst'it well to have that5matter cleared up at once. THE PlAIN DRAINAGE SCEnME. Mr. BRISTOW then rose to bring forward a resolution on the general subject, and, after passing a very high euloglusm on the chairman for the intelligence and ability with which he represented the Board at the conference with Sir Benjamin Ball, prooeeded to consider what was the present osition of the Board with regard to this great questionHe took leave to dispute the proposition of his friend Mr. Carpmael-namely, that the Board was without a plan. He would submit that the Board had its plan, and that the referees had their plan, and the very fact of the conference ending, as it did, by a recommendation that the engineers should meet, was a proof that the First Commissioner did not consider that the Board had no plan. Ble believed that the plan of the Board was that which the country would ultimately adopt. At the conference Sir B. EBall admitted that the sewers should be covered sewers, and had the right hon. gentleman answvered their chairman in the same candid manner throughout, he (Mr. Bristow) would have nothing to do but congratulate him on his plain and opern conduct; but when the right hon. gentleman was asked as to the expense of the extended outfall (on which question the Board itself must stand or faU) he did not give to the ohairman such a fair and explicit answer as he had done in regard to the covered sewers. Sir B. Bail said he would allow of no plan which did not take the sewage to Sea Reach ; but who was to pay the large amiount of increased expenditure forced upon the Board in adoptng that outfallU lWhen the chairman observed that the ultimate decision as to the Board carrying the outfall to Sea Reach or not must depend upon their obtaining funds Sir B. alU said he differed with him. He did, and no doubt differed with him for a purpoee. Now, the resolution he should submit would be to settle a question of principle before going to any further conference, or entering into any engineering details. Sir B. Elall seemed to have gone upon the assumption that the Metropolitan Board of Works was entirely a local Board, and he put the csse of Liverpool, Manchester, and other towns, with a view to show that they effected improvenments at tneir own expense. But that was an unfair statement of the case as the facts stood. If the Metropolitan Board was entirely a local Board why were they subject to the veto and control of Her Mfajesty's First Commissioner? Bat if, on the contrary, they were required to carry out a great national work by means of the national fund, then it was but fair that the First ConmmissZoner should have a veto on the conduct of the Board, and a power of supervisioa of their work. If the ratepayers of the metropolis were to be taxed for taking the sewage out of the metropolitan boundary, it would be unjust, and not only contrary to reason and right, but to the provisions of the Act of Parliament itself. In this state of things it would be premature to go to the Chancellor of the Exchequer or the Prime Minister. They would be met at once by the question, were they for going to B* or to Sea }teach? And they would not be in a position to reply that their minds were made up, "Aye" or "No" upon that question. Let them, therefore, affirm the principle contained in his reso - lution; then they might not only invite the Metropolitan members to meet the Board, but mnight go to the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the First Lord of the Treasury, and ask them what support they were prepared to give the Board. Assuming for a moment that his resolution which affirmed a principle should be carried, but that neither Government nor Parliament would respond to their feelings, then he would say that he was one who was prepared to immolate himself, and who would rather see the Board abrogate its functions and dissolve than accede to what his conscience told him would be a gross and tyrannous act of injustice. The hon. and learned member, after some further observations, cosicluded by movlng the following resolution : "That this Board, having tsken into consideratitn the intenriew between Its cbairman and ocffors and Bar P5sjesb's First Comufmsstoner of Works and his referees on the Uth of November inst., reiterates Its conviction that to extend the point of ouUSll fronn B to Sea Reach at the oest of the metropolitan rateNarers would be uDjust and in direct contravention of the princlples of the metropolis Local hianageinent Act." Mr. CARPMAI,L seconded the motion. M1r. WARE supported the resolution. The increased amount of taxation which an extension of t e outfall to Sea Reach would impose upon the ratepayers was-aid to be only o5d. en the pound, and it was spoken of as a fght matter - but it must be in their recollection that the country was exceedingly exoited when the proposition was made that the war income-tax should be continued for a yer or two longer; and yet the difference in the amount in regard to that tax war scarcely more than that which was soughtt to be imposed upon the ratepayers of the metropolis. Mr. LEsLIz believed he war the only free agent in this matter, Ris advice to the Board was not to seek a conference with any one, but to take into consideration the report of the referes and ascertain what it contained. His oWn oPianqUWM it bUQU4 iag"e cadl reportt f thlit which the refer,es had made ne-er before enmaaated froin any body of men employed by the Governmnear. The hon. member proceeded at some length to discues the contents of the referees' report, when he wi's interrupted by The CHAIRMAN stating that it was not competent for the n2on. member to discuss the merits of the report upon the motion then before the Board. Mr. LESLIE said he 'would confine himself to a few observations u pon the resolution before them. lie thought the Board was -nrsuing a wrongeour.e to enter into controversy with the First Comrmissioner either in reference to B* or to SBa Reach as the point of outfoll, and which reaUy bad nothing to do with the main question at is%ae, wliich was limited to this-at whose expeune was the outfall at Sea Reach to be executed? B* the Conmmissioner haa negatived. ("No, no " The CAIRtAITR.-No doubt, so far as I understood the words of the First Commissioner, he has rejected BC. Alr. LESLIE again adverted to the plan proposcd by the referees, but being called to order he gave notice that be should on a future day bring forward a motion for a full discussion of the referees' report. Mr. WrL:;SsoN said he did not understand Sir B. Hall to have stated that he would not approve any plan that stopped short at Sea Reach. At the couference he was reported to have said, "The next question that arises is, -hereshalltheoutfallbe? Shall it be atB'? So faras therequirements of the metropolis are concerned they would be snet by B*; but tbe question is, if yoa propose to stop at the point B' would you be permitted to bave your outfall there?" Permitted! By whom? By Sir B. Hall? By no means. He bad distinctly said that if they stopped at B* he should consider they had discharged the obligatnus imposed unon them by the Act. But, though Sir B. Hall did not object to the outfall at B, yet he strongly recommended the Board to carry it further down, because that point was so objectionable locally, on the ground of the condition of the sbores, which would cause obstructions to the navigation. These objecvions, he believed, might be urged eitber by Parliament or in a court of law, which might finaly prevent their carrying out B*. Mr. CRtELLIN said the question whicb they would have to determine sooner or later was to what point woald they take the sewage. If they could not dispose of the evil without taking the sewage to the furthest point indicated, he could not see upon what principle it could be argued that they were not to pay the whole expense to remove the evil to a point where it might be safely disposed of. If it was necessary that the sewage should be taken to Sea Reach (but which he disputed), then the Board were bound to pay the expense for doing so. That was the right principle, and which would be ultimately acted upon, end the Board would be obliged to tax the ratepayers for it. Mr. PHU s fsaid that by implication the resolution seemed to admit that the Board was obliged to pay for car. rinV the sewage to the outfall at B*; but he was of opinion the .oard ought to receive a contribation out of the Consolidated Fund towards conveying the sewage even to B*. Mr. OFFOR agreed with the motion, in the hope that it would be the means of getting rid of Sea Reach altogether. He considered the outfall at Erith to be by far the better point. The sewage in its objectionable [state never would return from that point. The operations of nature would at once restore the river to its purity. Mr. Deputy HAPRRISON supported the motion; and referred to the resolution passed by the Board on Ihe 25th of September, 1856, in which they adopted plan B* and stated that if they were required to go beyond that point they should expect to: be provided with funds from some other body for that purpose, as It would be unjust to tax the ratepay ers to carry out the work. The present motion was that the Board should reiterate that sentiment. But if the Board could for a moment allow their judgment to be warped by attempting to impose a rate for such a pur Pose what would be the consequence? Why, the very 2nstant it was known that they were raising money beyond 'what they were legally empowered to do their precepts woald 'he repudiated. Wr. H. L TAYLOB said that from the mranner in 'which P former interview with the First Commissioner was cooeucted there was evidently an attempt on his part not to eefray any portion of the expense for carrying the outfalt to Sea Reach. It was important, therefore, that they sbould have something to refer to on which they could rely, ar d which would fix the First Commissioner to an impUed p*romise that funds would be provided for takingthe sewage eo'wn further than 13C. He might refer to the instructions given by the First Commissioner to thereferees, in which he said-" When you submit your plans you will set forth the increased cost consequent upon the extension of theworks, the benefits, If any, to bedertved b-districts through which the extended main drain may pass, and how farthose districts should oontribute to the cost of such extended works." This passage most clearly contained an implied understanding that in carrying the sewage below B' it was not in. tended that it should be at the expense oE the ratepayers. After some further dLscussion the resolution was put and carried by a majority of 25,-28 being for and 3 against it. A motion for a conference to be held between the Board and the metropolitan members of Parliament was then proposed, but after considerable discussion it was considered premature to adopt that course, and the motion was disposed of by the previous question. On the motion of Mr. Bjssrowv, seconded by Mr. CARPME4L, it was agreed that the further consideration of tho chairman's report should be taken on Monday next, in order that the members of the Board might have the opportunity of perusing and considering a report from the referees. Mr. CAPnaMAEL repudiated, on the part of the Board, any imputatiaon in regard to delay in the consideration of the uestion of the metropolitan drainage. Every individual of theBoard had endeavoured to masterthe question; and he was perfectly surprised that 46 gentlemen had been enabled to master so difficalt a subject. e thought it ought to go forth to the 'world that the referees 'were not prepared to support their orn case, Adjourned.
THE BERKELEYS AGAIN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your leading article of the 13th of November there is the follow i'g assertion .- -The name of Berkeley, whether in connexion with Pitzhardinge or Grantley or Craven, Is associated in the public mind with a succession of discreditable family squabbles." Now, Sir, although I might well pass by a thousand personal malignities and false insinuations made by the "We" of The Ti=es, which, though the latter claims to be the leadingjournal of England, never for an instant ceases to pander to tastes, unhappily delighting to batten on personal invective, nevertheless at this moment I have no dedre to be thus invidiously classed, nor unjustly to bear one spot of the dirt in which the leading article in question deals. I know that in resisting these stereotyped methods of maligcity I have to fight with men in power self-assumed as well as in disgulse,-with, perhaps, an attenuated man, whose decrepidjinabs, could they be submitted to muscular grasp, would altogether perish, or with some overgrown giant,with no more heart in his hugeshell than a nut with a maggot in it. Stil, for all this, I must put to The Times the foUowing questions, and, as the assaulted, demand fair play :- If a man's seat in Parliament for a populous division of a county is attacked by a peer under false and unworthy pretences, that seat having been held by him continuously and unassailed for 15 years, has not that man every just and public right to defend it ? If after he has successfully defended it, and at a contested election, and in the face of bribery and intimidation, as to which there was a petition for inquiry into the condact of the Lord-Lieutenant in the House of Commons, been returned by the immense majority of 621, has he not a right, when his moneyed qualification to take his seat in the Commons is by the Peer assailed, who, as trustee to his marri7 ee -settlements, produces those dccuments against him,-ha.she not, I ask, a just right to defend his position and to ratify the choice of the electors9 If, with a vindictive view to ruin reputation and destroy public and private character, as wel as means wherewith to maintain a seat in Parliament, the most false and legally expensive charges are brought against him, he resists them all, maintaining his character in every way untouched, and casting a tangible assailant into gaol,-I again ask, ishe not justified in every sense of the word in such resistance ? Lastly, when his birthright is assailed, and the title and estates thereto belouging, to Which he is heir presumptive, after the most careful abstinence from interference during his mother's life, are sought to be beggared or left ander the moat shallow as wel as violated assumptions,-is he not amplyjustified in protecting the interests of himself and his children from all further and fature aggressions ? It may be my unhappy misfortune, Sir, that my assailants commenced with Lord Fitzhardinge and are continued in Sir Maurice Perkeley; but if you so term the difficulty which besets me, the next thing that, perhaps, may strike you as available to the interests of your paper will be to call the late murder of a father by his son "a family squabble." YVnrs mosn. +nA . t. GRANTLEY F. BERKFLEY. Beacot-lodee, Nov. 14
DELA YS IN TB LOVONDON POST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Would you allow me one line in your valuable columrns to state the following facts :-On Saturday I posted two letters of great importance-one at 9.10 am. at the White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly, the other at 9.60 a.m. at Lincoln's-inn, directed to Glocester-place, Hyde-park, W.; both arpived together at half-past 6 p.m., ine hous from the time of postiTIgB am. Sir. vour abdisn - 0. Lincoln's-inn, Nov. 16. - -
[(dvertieement.]-India.-}ap of the Punjaub.-Gratis. --O Sunday next each COpy Of the DisPatch wil o acboompanuoed witb a mr.ppo the Purjaub, grtstically coloured. To prevent the posibilityof coeipeolrtaent onseequent ulpon be Psormous sale ot ceo Dispatch those rerons deASrous of powtesdng the Dispatch coloured Atia6 are Informned that should the newspaper be out of print with hJech any yiarttcuar mPep has been remented such map can always be obealned with t.e paper for the current or any future week. The rIdavyeverieg editic may be reoelyed in the mnoatdistaut part. Ot the klndoins ons Setwday morniag. The issue of mnps, ac.. for the lemainderof the yEarrill benearlyas follows:-Nor. 22, the Pan jaub: Nov. 29 tho Nforthern hfll of General Hap of IndSa; Deo. 6, tho Southern? 1af of the GeLeral MAp of India:, De. 13. a irat speOlmen map ot nuglish Cfunt6es; Dec. 20. IniA, the Bombay Presd. dence; Dec. 27. Plaa of the Ci;y of EdinburRh; and on Jan. 3.1858, wrinbe resented ast lendi¶2 olnu-ed do'ble sap 1 AMs%, 17 Inches by 216. .e , F the letoD dh is 5d.; rttimPed w go 80sv by poet, 6dLflh;o39, rleewtratet~
SALES BY AUCTION. MESSRS. DANIEL SMIT1H,SN, and OAIKLEY's order of LSALE for TO-DAY, at tke Mark, at 12 O'clock:.- L.The TwyfUOrd Xskete~ consisting of 2,016 acre of Freehold Laud, lituste now Winchester, to be Wol in, four lots. 2. The Recteuial Rent Cbaygs of the P'arish of Tw7ford, amountiflg in gross to the corn of £700 is. Ild. per annum, 3. The Manor of Macwejll, near Wincoaeeter, extending over the iparIah of Owuelbory. 4. Thre Manor of TirYford extending Over theo pariah of Ts'ytord. A Collection of ancient and niodemn Pictures and Eugavings, ]R. PHILLIS in 'structed to BELL4 by AUCINTION, THIS DA.Y, the Ilth inst., at 1 precisely, a COLLECTIO ofplasig ICT URES.selected from the severa Echools of anelet gi,Inludngexamtles by, the foUowlng mactens and their dis- A.,Carcc N. Ponsein Hobbims Macland Cr 0 0. Douw Van (losent Ibbeteon m . Canaletto Eoyadael Wilson, Hubens; Wmnanta Wouvermanef Alas shmanl cabinet of modern Enghllsh and Flemyish paintIngs andi framed engravings. Masy be viewe on 2Ioe~da, and catalogues then ha at Mr. Phllurs' rooms and offices. Hyde-park.-Leremptor3 ale, under a Judge's Order.-The eegn Apnointmenta of a, Poblema..', Residence. reveot)y supple,In modern tast, Pair of handsome Carriage Horses, fashionable on built Brougbas, P'ark Phraeton, Harnesrs, &c. R~1 . 0. FPJRBE1A will submit to AUCTION, on £Jthe Premises, To-morrow, Nov. 18, and following days, at 11 fur 12 each day, the foeblonable CONTEN4TS of No. 10, Claevlandsquate, Jillde-park. oomprlring comeweod and walnutwood. drawln room eultes, sofas. lounges, fauteulis, valoable wingel, centre,an other cabinets, buhi ceutre table, lzency tables and chairs in per rmach(i, two brfilInt-toned piccolo boudoir piaurofortee chimne-gase of large durmenBcons,gi doles, magnificent concole gials twobeui ful out-glare chandelirs, Etta af rich blue satin widow oastaian' mantel sloclrs, bronzes, and nic-nacs The dining and breakfast NOWo. cre fitted In cnali.gan, wth noble pedetal cldlebordks,eets of telesoope frame tables, easy obsirn and sets of chairs in morocco, Parlaan damasek winaow cortains, waluable lpaintings and water-ouloor drawings, library apreadages of circular tables, handsomeo bokckneoe, secretaire smaill Ilurery of 600 volumes, aga cbandeliers. 210 0 'ucee of plate, handsome ereen, niro iser,saves, nddeser kivs.The bedochamnbers cre furnishedIn excellentti.te, with mahogany four-post and Arabian bedstead., ladlee and gentlemoen'a winged and pedesta wardrobeqt chests of drawers, maarble-top weahatands, drenning tables, noble choeval antd toilet glances, &a.- chica, glass, domenetio cegulsiceg, fittings of the bell and staircase, and numnetous effects. May be viewed two da7s prior to thre sale, when catalogues may be obtained (lId, each) on the premaise; andSt the auction efioes, in Wacwickocour, Gray's-binn,W.O. Cameille, Azalesa, Ito., from Otent,~ ~jR. J. 0. STE VENS wMl SELL by AUCTION, at his Great Room, 18 Klngz.atreei, Covent-garden, on Friday, It r, 0, il rccrel l'AAd, ioam Sir. Augt. Van Geert of Ghent, including 1,000 cameWlas well ret withi butds, of the beoo leading Zaite from 1 tot4 feet high 400 Indian azaleas, weelinet with bloom, and II01I11g lanelfoltum ruti;om. strong roots. May be viewed on the nacrring of sale, and catalogues had, Piurnlture-12, Yo:k-stret. eortman-sqone.-By Mr. EL{GOOD, on HE ~~~~Friday next, at 12. H!T" remaining Effect comprising isundry bed room T3.artilese, drawing ro3m 1n1t of window curtoins, chairs, &ad sofas, roee-wood tables and oubinets, sideboard and get of tables, bookcare and a few hooks, eljuare pianoforte, and other effeTs, To be viewed theramoringcfseel' and teeaed iomodiately after. Catalogues atthe holmese;nd at Mr.Elsloo's offices,98. Wlmpole-street, Valuable Iniproved Ilents: langton and Clerkenseell. Mh,ESSRS. D). S. BAKER. and SON are directed by ,LJ.the Exeutors of4he late Mr. 0. Kay,ler to BELL by AUCTION a6t the Mart, To-morrow, Nlovember 18, st 12 o'clockl the well secore t'ROOIIT BENTPS, armounting to £102 per annumi, arising from 10 excellent family reeldencee, eituate RNoe, 1 and 2, LAuf ear Villse, Nos, 1, 2 3. and 4, Albton-road, lIce. 1, 2, and 3, Albion-place, sud Albion Loage, Holloway-row 14 emu-detachied houses, lnv. 1 to 28 inolualve, Caoriblary V1llas, lelgton, and nine houser in Goewell-huilding;4 Clerkenwell. Thepropet aed direct from the freeholder for lon unexpired terms, an very low grund rents, and the aggregate rark rental of the whole mnay be estimate at d3,1O0 per annum, Slay be viewed y Czmuof o the respective tFnants, and pastloulars hakd 14 daBpir tosalo, ofR Bab isnlter, Eeq., solicitor, 13, John-atrtee 1Bafford.row: at the Auction Mast;. and of MeLers, D. S. Baker anl Son, 107, Upper-etreet, Inlington, Hyde Edewae-rad,Middlese.-Prnimo Hai, TFat Besets, VOows. Hores,Cols, hee, armint Implements, &c, BAKEt an SONwfil SELL by AUCTION, To-morrow Novembe 18, et 1, on thre Premilses, abont 160 Loads of first rate MIIADOW HAY, 3 strong useful_Cart-horses, 2 handsome Cart-colts, 23 fat Beasts, 12 flne-framed touh Cows, tO down Ewes In lamb,4 Pigs, 22 fleeces Wool, 12,000 Bricks, Pony and Chaise, a few lots of farming implemente, he. May be viewed the day plrior,CaLtnlogues had on the premntses, end of the auctioneers, Ktilburn, Under a Bill of Sale.-83, Oabrldage-tarrsce, Hyde-park.-Absoleie end unreserved Sae, M~JESSRS. GREEN acid SON will SELL by AUCILTION, on the Premises as above, on Thurdsdy, Nov. 19, at 1S forlI, the excellent HOU`$Ea6LD PITRYITUItE, comprisinig 26 japanned bedsteads, mashogany four-poet ditto clearn feather bade masttroeec,~ bedding, 0 p~airs of sheets end blankcets, amable-topl washstands, Mahogany winge wardrbobedressing and cbeval glaases chests oc drawvers, roacwood drawing-room suite, handsomo cheffonler willh plate-glas bankr, rich cartaln en suite two brilliant-toned. Ot-octavs calbinet pianofortes In cosersood, by Mrnsamcal, lrircsele carpets, rung, chimney-glasse% irandeomre ercretole bookoaaee pedtal sideboard, be' of extending dining tables couch, ret of 16 c miDo, 280 vets of bookts. Including Wa7erley Novels, 48 vein, Hums and Scuollelt's Hitor of England, &o, ltinen, ehina, glans, a few ounces of plate, plsted arttiles kmitrhen requl'cltee, and the general appointments of an academy. Mai be viewed the dlay prior and morning of sale. Cataogues on the premaists; and at the auctioneers' offices Sit, ihael'ber-house, fit. flohacl'aalley, Coruhiti, and 18. Hatteon-garden. 71 MNornington-road Regent's-ar, 1'jR. THORVP bas received instructions to SELL by IT AUCTION, at Oarrawpa', THIB DAY, Nov. 17, at I precisely, tie, above very derirabre seml-detailhed VILL&, of handsome elevatIon), with portico entrance; contabinin=nbe timing and drawing roomns, brseicfat room, five bed roomns, drssn room,bath suppele with hot anid cold wates (fitted also as a shower l'etl). and tire ucual offioes. Itisaheld onaleaseefor900years(lessathree daysi fromILady-day, 1843, at a ground rent of £10 per annumo Estimated rental;£100 per annum. It Is fitted up with every convenleroe, regardlees of expense. May be viewed by cords, Plarticulars and oonditions of sale may be obtained Of H. B. Quick, Esq.,X2 ly place. Holborn: at Garraway's; and at the anctloueaer' ofices, 26, upper Albany-street Regent's-park, DWaitsn.-Purnlturo and EsUtwtsof the late Mar. Ganider, by order of his Executors.-Iy Mr. MASONq, at the Dwelling of the deceased,?7, TI'IE Efects whch ae oftheusuail description. I. Te nal huse wih gaden hel fo 00Years at a groundl rent of £3. ngeherwitha gntel reidece n fonto 4~nseou'-road, No. 5, Itlrmon-teroc, I th ocopaton f -Souleu. Eq,.held at a atof£S fr 10meas, wll b rei atlireMast 00the 0th of Ab olt aee Ironmongery. lIVIESRS. KH MPLIviSWOBEL wil SEIO, owithou 1ov remanim,THOMOIS DAY No 17,O thf besWtTAgL CURNTL REY ru gpaet,and EFET gftlazueu ' deelveptrowel, chisneals. now.,O larewstoce nof rrAs workfo Whe. bu learead ch abietmaker Otlokes andlthies 00re dom beet stee ofilhe, naucilnes, blac Ironongery, 10sove, an truck,band effct.Onve The daepir,e-en.RAudcetrIn Marfet,3 HpIgh Holbehol tae andEfect,byndirecio Atof theu rOprito,laigEga 1~jESSSKEM wll EL by istAUctION tSEntiby £vk Premises,eTHISmDAY Nov. 17, thOcmainorg treetITaIX and FECS oftilhuea dxeeonnltn bu eadly new.UEOnfie the moringof ale an clare touhe sam dO y ch talogkce onve thei odemise, an of he sct aneesd7 Judd-sioneet,AblC, abnde16, AbrMany. street N,W. he er elent hansiden,I perfecty rdepoair,dt h SI,n on advancouhetomtgpedets teryms.,bok Fape, wholemngufaDcortions, aud6Chimney-ieces, ie mondWynmringoWHITE wtll uSELL by AUCTw ION,ath s.ctonerese rosveno-saet,hisboom -s,r120. lhpatstewto HANGNUS copriing old, dsks satin drmNGask, chitres stair-. casn,Watfrbls c, anda T liarce number of marbl and tinn chmny piees O ie th dy pio an mrnig fdapele,fohe catalogue may be Obteined. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ b ha o Sideoard DinngadeLibrryTbls TAYL. OR E en structdt SELL by A M TION, by the 9. lc A md rbuzerrpge, Commewo N.l-od a on thaPemse 1.25,Goenr-teet. TaHIgS drlneawng a rooms,m ul mr lo diun , condsl,wln t card,tbes a and couccbarsioaltables, clabinets,brlkasn 6tat hofr.te bnyan potee9r gasandsom maahogany sideboard, Brusel and . ong,yc a to bank,!exnudorg dinringota,bies, scuffed bacdkchir inw leantheIr,nesy c ealr t and c nchs to andh pedetalibnrary atable, book Monwaday andiorningdo raoligo. Caaloges Caontheuees hand at the po auclnces 43, Gensvfiold- otlr;e aond attrhe aat, omo fc4nx uStepny ftation, et.Bs r HPIIGW teGoi InE n, WattAhonsNw-u%atBdford, onx Tuesday. Dcme ,atSa ntheevng,I 80 laots, meret,tocokrctey ujctoaciei an,d garde psvote, closeto cthe Buhyctto ntelno AndLNoth-WesthernManiowynd adouewini thte tw Of Wtfard-e land-troax d redee edo.Paicls and conditionw s ofsaed mnayp;tbehade0 wihr2.2Hally Woteodleatth plaerof supelormao andpofMratur.Whlatdugo. hstam, at the oficen f h Briis Lend Tordomay(IieI o gaeetct London, aBewwal.oft. n1.3. 'tO, byw ofrBdeor, ondthepplmares, au, ArofrtherrEUacestatonm c-oad teat 1ond Wednesday, Nov.mand8, at1 wracoeat onahogoand gc ThARmsRoBE four-post angoddAining bem.adstawsbding, rom,arLdlble-to basn-tad,,eaha nswm od drain betbdroomsuit ionr tebaret, bed, ding andtcerds patab.le-s,sah-ny oudch,lhar. atd chairy, ebvmntey-glsse forpianortlemaby Molt, hravngdbeeahog any syeboard Oturelsdandetophestry Jtapets,Gs,l fEdsq. lirmeirns chinea,estuffo birdsals, afe prai-htseIrancas Vexetlan, bIed, gandkitchend orbrequisites.Mayban wvl-stckedayprowrgarend monind1ao Catalegouues whadh at teehgepo tonoises, a4ylexenntd, Popd lar thand a iortheabtoeerst ouaftyes anextnm dSteloneSttigon,t hdwE..Thfrgin Doerrsetildt ort eon-ostoodme oiraletFreeholdInvesatmenhot -yoesrs.a LE an . SON,agt Aheo New-inn, adatagieofwated, onTuesa. theng ditlansas shal betguu theon theroilaaa produxced unlems rkevitouwlydi pihi orEdof ytriat d ontranct),echetlmkla~Wl onr stdAd ltht gethee Masincts Hous e,o it tharabe nht.poulsor orchrd, ardes, ad plasur gronds algnled Knap;soeterli wit 9a. r.(mo o leslof er sueror ea ow hand ;tueand fuoter adjonin theeto Theforgoig prlety i copried masta ring fenceho on he lderdlin, ad cmmadin abee exeniv and parcOursqe vewof lltheloelyerner o t at ob fhemcountry Pall-mall.-Andlsnt andimode@n Fletures MESPRS. FOSTER will BELL bY AUCTION. at the Gosler - -,inPAlm To-Mmorrow, November 18th, at I I Eecieli a COT AON of ancient and miodemn P'ICTURES n- cluding seyeral small oceleotnas frm private saaoure someofwb wae ~direction ofexecutors, Inclding samplesotf uo ~ Mucheso geniing Tomlant B.. F dn 3ardl Ehays Shalders b&t Vands er elerrk Hoggins Lgeb Begin Honlor OobbeU. Also two fine whole-length Ruglish historical pewtrlin May he liowed two days prior, slnd eatalognee had at the galley. 54 p&rall.ns r4o. 3, linseex.place, lyspkgrcso-iefuriature of the -Re. for eight bedrooms, a pair Of oApItA4l mahoga~ny bansowarbe one other iiglace. washing tables and tollettes , cem Wararo exe lentbedding, &o. Drawinug rooms-apar of* largIe toassex,acocel winged rorewood cabinet, leo, card, and other tables, a suile of chaina, well-stuffed sofaslounes, eas Chairs, and wanl otonimLan in int. laqee semn candelioer, kc. 33111 mOZ.Pedesl a1de_bOard diner wrgo I bscra irIn m-oroD, long set of extending frae dnin tble, crpee,and curtains, fenders, &C., Oak bookcase. andfurlc.refo liray, eqisiesfor the baseent, srrvioe of China and las, clInry tem, cppes, o. n vew n odayand mnorning f sle,Whe naal s mybehadat h-aous of Messr. S.ziy-live Price's Paten 8letltgad Thif-oof -Bok ilepos tories, Deed Boxea, and PlAte Chetat. rPOLIS SO, id HARDING WMJ BELL by T AUOrOTlN, t eir Rooms, 16, St, ftanYa cburlbyaz RB., To-morrow, November 18, at 2 puncturally. an assotment ot ~IohlUr PATEINT BOOK. REPOS1TORIlS Dccd BoxeL dPaeCbgs allowed by *Ualleentifio and practceljudges t e ba osnw and meet recure against fire and thieves, and which are manufactured Amr Proof On the principle of non-coniductoion and steam generation, the Patent for whic (Thomas Winer%s 1840) expired in 1884 in addition to which they contain Important linprovemuentc, for Which theo rnaufao. tune Obtained, In 1815, Ber MaJesty's Letters Patent. Each safe is manufactured Of etse beat boiler plates, and is fitted withsa SunOpikable and powder-prof lock b7 one of the mcst eminent makers May be viewed two davs Preceding an2d morning of sae,. and catalognes hdw at the no3me, or forwarded on application. sBUs end Fittings. of tbe moeteuelrdce n rpOPIS, ON,and HAR fI IIUELby o eey, on. th2 rmss o3,GetDvotccog~ by order of Air. etn sive STOCK Of MELSoLGASadRBHN A nldn atonpered bottles, retrsfnnl,neursCuingase,meig otllIes, toilet bottles hwcrossei as lcet~btls ointment jars, crea n oaeas ec jr,Ifao os oe jars, fitr.0, rgit'uesl n itnsI et fdaes drug oxes,shoesusoss iwn boxer, mortas conk and tntr Hamntonwlck, iddesex.-Feeehold Houe,otlStbigan Building Groun. B.LEIFCHILJ) Is jnatructed to SELL by AU(J. AlLTiON. at Garraway's on Tues-day. NoveMber 24, at h for 1, In eIght lots, the following vvauable FREEROLD rRoPERTIKB:- Dhee rabeehl iLlas oIn Swnlanvoteot.amptn.wic Freehto-ld tb and Corc-oare lt, wthoeF 'lvn room, lofts, andiard capital srehopsldS Hotel, 7, 2i thlnge 2ub9i Caobro, ap, otsbeinte yardote anda valabe plot ofquardie grond nakTeyt hoshigh rad; alsaciv elresteligiblealte ofe Freeoldiding to l4sprounadit 6na fheetmel of vaubefotage, Parquisof oflass nuw atiaa and conditione of sale may be had at arwysoB.Sud bwy., solicitors, BWekver5ehlluryth,1-tre; and at Mr. Leifehild's?cc,6, on got-stee, cit, B.ratC.ee,cty O Oesralge.Oat Leasehold lovvetment.Cnohr.Ilgon bI i the TIIFrustee of theate Ohated Torer EL By AUbAYJ..TION at tG artaa', on Freeday, N~oveme 24 'atdefo ble arra LNged orHohburEingoadrdoesticprposes. They and e nowg occupidbyMters.Turn-per, arindeommndgrammar,wan eroery, atdfrns inotnamptonefo ther noridujewsof a ln pev,a ygound-eto 17a rentr MIjESSRS. rAGE, and CAMERON are inatrucoed .J..by the Tkrustees of the late O'halee Turner, BEsq. to SELr.b, AUCTON, at the Mart, on Friday, No 0at 12, ah deiablez PRVAE PJ~.HoIDB, In goodarepi,it cn and baegadns, 3Monntn ping No.min lgtoie-peutd, King'sa-road, conelsanleasntlyarsaituad nek ardtenI farogtandplr, anldcformandntvew of whc d2year,sel fore tenunxpired hterUwm of 61 r-cr at a pound-rent of £1 8s. vd, pert annum, and In w the occupatmon of TA.oderellcid, atsq.a bthe cba vi,l eto £2 a evewed by gTeminlkeon of the tenrtad-iugadonaiint, and patclrWa odtoso ae had at te Mart ; of J. P. Then d . olio,1,ehmalda In,alete,1,Frnvlsln; of W. L. Donaldson, Esq., sto,18 BuhapollBee eltoo,B18,ySouthampton street, Bloomsburr; and ofdMegert. Pade an Caeyron, ladaetsadsrvy4,6, Old-Broad.etret, and St.Ala H pae-'0 Freehldlm eshl oae £v y h yrseasrBh lt hrlsTrer a. to StLhb AUTO,at the Mfart. To.inorrdaw mobe-,a 2,tecaIa secredATF HEOIDENE sitUate andT bein No. 3,r Mn n place oftwgonhousescent,. Hasptadd0 cuc-eoa t, conenentyareog with gveardnlnfront ad esrInhed frear term,f Dhig 42 m yeare w ursnnexpred Mtbalma letf atic az grounid roenbot of2£ ae,and ett hood, and wMaileworthy iothereteton of smal expirtion s. theypbe viaewedbylerisio Myof the tnn,anndparticularrshandocn ditionms; of sale had t:teMr of A.Gdwn P.q_ Tletobad 4e., sexolirito, Te6l, aunnda' Inn ofr. L.it Donals on,is B41, solicin-tor,e8e Suhaponsre o-mrrow.- VAluaeFreeodw on Rent hofd£13 perannm,ewith lA .EDWVIN OXintnoted to EL L Lby byC Oi. TION, at the M art,To-morrow , November 18,at;12, aell atbrvSCad F opulouLi) GRt)UI4D beinT Nof t £28pe anur,ravtrising Loud ofd tw -o honys.om 2 ndl10,ChurchMsteet,aGrewenuf,etst enta winuth severa 14citalao i the Frear,n formin Beiner-aue, coung the grrentnetbrea rwich-ul pe ise,lta26 prermd tbabnum t£hld orpoueranmi lasei 17o 0 grdun hent.vie bevlwed, and pa rttiuulxm had onfh rmss at tHe Mart: ofaq. Godwin,Rq. ltor. 9 olr;a 4,i Bosenort ,Tepe and a r dm at x'. Edwn ox' fcr 41. Coleman-stret eet.ik To-meorrow.-V0.snble weasl.Ideroperty,gbi Leshl Wovseetment-s. 5114 H EDWIN FOX is instructed to SELL by LIAUCOTION, at'the Bert To-morrow, November15, at 12, lOUSE, Situnatebriud-buit NotIe,, adva, ntageouslygloateDloea thribngtan rpopublylout otio, teingt lof. 1 standing tulwrrenst-ralp, Lmouontderryto adI pamer~ fuua.n,bing MLold's rewry, letat ueDrents green, brdickbite pruaremie,ltato £120 per snnerm, hreldtfopr long trms, deat lowgrotundients, May be viewed, and partculars bed on Ith. Herhm,m Rq, stJ .Blk i. olicitor, 99PulryAd telpharte ndatiMr Edwtith Fox's od ces 41. ECOisn-ere Bank.fce,4, o6mustp tateie .-LoDas a lbe,h offrn a lryeliibe,nvetmnt 7~jf B, DWIN FOXis inatroted eto sE LLoby in nelet ablok f FYIt er nat and susatilybic-ul LAmbh reusufUupetabyleuou tea tshfodeaniga owrna atthe mudera wtegrouand rnof£0erannm,pentaatcurl mentssrb'eau inet deot al eviwd and priuashdoh premle;erJd.by . Slk, Ifnq. solicIator,9 Abeihterc ate OnBnkrView.-Thro Dys Seale, Sof aches. Mbr. JobuaLttsth lckse,An brtiqead ModactringPlate,vlualer,o Benmnd OmeaByorenrsLos te M 1ES&S. DEBEE1HAM, STORE, and SON arie LVSLby AUCTION, a atei lbof- KigetBos geet Covent-gue naThden, TISth DAt.Nr 17,tfu andOU toFolloIng richys I e IreS ocGetD andwit diLVmoWda InBS byvcesBalnkbrillDent, bereyneoket,rab, an-Ihe other clebrate ad makbners,moe sewerllery In tinge,o bracles, plum,it erring,le klts, sph ra. ofd fiamneods, eatwh m rdM one graene, Ilve toemeU and offe srvics, ritrs,teokrtl gbles, pos and Jforted, Stefiel plaed gode freing ares wih siverondtlaed fryttlns goldit musicl andotherenu boxe, anda ve ttaim g ofd varous wiahlem-1 Anunseil smpuos rllan Tar, hewhl oUCTheNstoneso mse-lntIbe,eautifully deigned I wrathTaes.end duehers.-of floers Buielsvdb scrollsan wishgo Rso mdeua t e, woen tatpleue asr aneiei RI SE. LSODOBN -wil SELLB bny AUTON, a~to NV althe e larciiDotte tton ofnkoblemngenlen,and,x Wewielesu, greeatmaseand at 12 vest co by onder of theSectthousesdlfnLondevon; It willpoeedofDby privateN cotrathei Boma Kvaguabeee CESEOven~tgaT. de,on rW%dnesdbaythet iI Itand wellbuo viewe ad onathe atur day,ig ofBaccommodtionbe reainingitStoc ond bein Nohn10 Antwethe rosd,eI braed ManufacTuorin eweller, onit offo r good-rsizetyrdbedrofoth necIessa S. DoE BlENHAM oric, aieetraOR,,and WON f e good giensrce by the ra,a A thegnac of Mr. iouhlIt inceoludexInthe ALEt byaUCTIoN,at therbir Rooms,Kinw-stretCovnt-gardent.bon8ThCnsoo bailioustb and carbnclme,,wovraksinastiv fin o bracelets set with= ataste, ladiealfngo an ear rings ofal n rcnt houes ighsie and jeeed,ain fitrneameoshea asbrooces aroper pelan sent bottl ue,pcrys tado.m with Ta EvenIng, November 17 at 6 1?jFSSRS. JONES and BONHIAM wWl SELL by LIAUCTIO'N, at their great Ugr ppa oom, THIS EVENIXG, a large quantity of valuable PROPERTY, tabenudr o Salend to be told, withoutrre onsistingt fro undoterca. Bill chiaSadSRS. JOrLnaenS, anBoy DONErbyde eOri SELLA by pail,Oiv TIchl To-msoridrow cathoic vatmenta' aoc magecEent, moa,lag glases,inle oflookng lassss,frecin pand t~erns dtte. and ofrae tienroom, Licesen sree, an Prlceetr et, elret ervieqs la , China nd Eathenwae, a arge Cno lowetfrm Pthe Pottserle,tory Abseluce oe Sale.IL ctn 1JSSRS. JONES and BONHAM 'bil SEL byc& quntt MOfueu attndinthi o lnamettalCished coprsng Qpdouce see. urea cmpletein grt varet anatd vfrox t mtena e ndcee srices rihypitdanOitfrafataddset erviesy ina ric Irpatyttere,deubead fo sigetlt Tesels jugs, flowerI phets conervatory of maretabe popddberuty Cogmmencandgrus singularly ineepslmeasth and lage ariey o itmsfr dmesicproerin chin andtearthenoware LaybetvIewed tillleo dsan catoalogues had. -utoRoms, inEasieetr-erealmsend i Dloeretrec,Lionte-sna. R. EGEOS, JONESDaid BOTH wl BL bey tAUca eveIONgs per whee Main, on TaWendays. fombr 1eont propierty,o domusof fnepaet,ln anuums quarts. Sa djtso8thvintagae of W84,1I40 184,adl%Ty, eofeunl83 Mr. Jorerester Iaie Of the fitm of Mine. Offley, Webb.,, uad Foereeler, be %ring the mostfavourite brad,a'vulaeasoicsfpr tlsns'e anOZ.brownsPrinf0bhir= D VW. oUt CtIandow6 *no and Im mWI.e of JOlanrM Abrk Heckbs4me, Ge(sterbbs,in Ealsbem,m andap;sekllng* Mom b slaoM 5dnitgln Claset in scereal vaieties yQEu7 How _ tgs aud Cots ae d we vmsipesio handy, be4h an abeoawn. M FR PEELRA . 8 af ondoll, has tile AUCT . 24thaMnhetr" oaobnge. TRISIDBAY the 11Wh inst.. at I2. ibe folloing ffist-class spedidW(M alo uihh been mo0t ludleloosy and patiently eleced during a lonlg serles of yers, and are now in moat superb condition, oom dueh 200 dowens of fine Port wine. shWe b ~ K opk y Eal,btld181'fdzn fuHanddr Fot . a igppr KapMae z ;bottled In 1852; 50 dozens; {npints) of nre andfne Portwhn sblngr Knowles, bottled In 1M; doensof tull and dry Port wie, a ye7ar Iubottle, zbfp. Paz Thomsonus and Crolts 8. 0 dozns oin pints) of fine Pont wine, eayfo, usf.n bottle upwards ofdsx ears, ahl us%Kpku HOrn' 4. aeno tawny Poet wine. six sear In bottW6 blppe by Swndt. man'S 81 dzin (in pints) Of finef dryort wine, upwards of Kmx years in ho&s simpper Thompso and Croft; 60 dozen of fine PFM WIne :wrMda of six yean Inx bottle. sb1ier Cross US5 dozeins (in pits aol rPt Wine, six Wse bttle sbipped byr Martinet, Gamier, sad a., lalso 20 &Z. tiumsncn) ditt s by the siae Ohl=s; 20 dos ditto shipped b Offley, We ber', and (lo. 20 1-1nume)ditto, shippers; Qeuares Harris Sod Co.; 99 doz, full anddcy Port wine. upwauds oE sevenytarm in bottle, ahipped by 001. bourne 5us Co. : 62 doz. ditto, of th* same number of year In botle, sbiVedby Forreter and Co., Sydon- full mod dry Port wine. upwavda of lea In boe, blpped fy Krmkta Roriz; 44 doz., in pints, liht anddryPortwine, 10 3earsi hofte; ldoz. of rare and ftne Pork wine, 10 year in battle, shiPped by Kniowles'1 25 doz. pints, of extra. ordinary Port wine, 12 years In bottle. clZe'Ae&btween Woerester Sod Ceots ; SD doz. old fine Pont wine, 15 yeas, tn bottle. hipe by Phillps; 16 doz. fine old tawny Port, rae and seao. bttldin 82 shipped by Bandiman ' 12 doz. (magmunme) of first.cls 1834, Poe wine' 3 doz (magnuma5, 1834, fine, dry PRoet wio,shppersTheupe aud &o;fts: Sidoren (mgus,12,fn otwn,siper Sandiman; 19 dozen (pInts). I3 Part wine. and. 12 dozen 13 ort wine. shipts by Thomson and Crofle; 48 doen splendid Port wine. 1it for use. shiped by Harris at d Co. ; slae five pipes (in bond) of 1861 Hxhi. biUtio Poet wIne,%rippers Forrester and Co. - one pipe, duty paid, of the aman win, .te ower ; also MD0 dozen pale Sherry an4 OD doze of C. Z. brown Ejhezoy, and S7 dozen Champagne, MAm Cl aot's; TO dozen do., 10 dozen do.. and 60 dozen pinte do.ofte's GI dr,and Oa., snd umzan and COD., repctively' 30 doznuat and 46dozen pintg of spuanln Moselle; 28doze m iru o 12dose Santerri, SD dozen Lagrange, lii dozen Lwrose, 17 doze evls he dozn Cateu Mrgeau, sIght dozepYgoesfieoznCl te,2 bottles white Herm Itage, and four boguhaaCae e aaoas froe BordeaMx Cataloguex wil be readylsfwdy,o r ee Bropad 23, Poultry of Mir. Donald, Ay ret ue u chestet;: and at th Ioyssira Exchange, hManhte.k Household Frniture, Hose, GigACarlutarness IIJR. ETE BR AD illSEL by AUCTION, usua decrltio. Te sock fiturs, nd tenilon tande Somprse tea, cffes, pics, rosnios, oap cadle d bofster,bom, uConeer. XPETER BROAD Will SELL by AUCTION, M stthe%azton pridehaa.Nkov.2tE 12, THliwel.builtoy..e. tee]2, thatI.wellcbuUt VILL conveniently biteingSE lNos. 3,anao Ceraey Voolas, Agrelulnd CHaelmeaofthe eatthked value of +_90 per an. nut. KMa be viewed. Particulars obtaHedScIla. Wait:nan Sons, Ba. eer U"iO.stee ad anniew-mrh at temti; and af the auctioneer, 2.s Poultry.' hAB.PETE RA wl EL by AlUCTION Ast the Mairt, oppoelto the hAnk af England, an Fridgy, Nov 1 areted2 thatwel-built andSU covnetyfteRHUg o ,Hla trrace,Ch(lookY grund.or Cteme of the seatrnatm va f£6prInpopouhgoebren.Ma4eiee.Pertlerulreobtalnueatete Msidartt of 0 mIth,s o taiedoflMteir& Ne-inny Poterad and at otheautlont' stetoCeusel tr tey. d "tesatme,urotr` num, djoiingChe lcaeSat-ioll nv-Asoltmet BOD will SELL by AUCTION, rdingtoduclg sbtoaether an e nu.Myb vee,adprin tarc obtaeined of Ietrt Lofte otr n o,slctr,8,Nn utr.ee,Ceplde ;r ater the 96 A n th utoer,I,Puty attew at m oes-o~t Ges. l iite ftevle f£1 e o nuns,e adjtoinngethe offilway 2 tto,Aslt as ydrlno Bhe Cargar,eeu BR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, LEE at thet Mart, on Prlday, Nov.mb 27. at 12,i three lots an very va zome dwelin-hoer FRXI thL gadns,N sitAND lbyute inaletet, crone adoinin threy calwayO h tala Station onte othan Line.oZ andpre dcNg. or UpertiAtbredt rodni; nrt eentalsmoutin to £a5d aPoler annum held or long tR=. a exeetdionglye lowe gound Ients Ma be viewed. Ma PSbeh ofeed PMeiuans Lofean anB Toweed 64. Lolncitor,5, Cntrold a the Martspande at Pthe actIonmeer's oilmsctlo andelg Ie,0 Sagency ball-stre28. aPutry.UA r fteactoer 8,Puty &111110ersm Absoluter Sale.to~. MTR. PETE BROA will SELL by A'UCTION, .L&at the Mart, opposite th ank of Englafnd, ont Friday. Nov.2 2.at 12, TWO wo late s andR wellbildt seidetahe VEILAKESO mdem deSosiMsi tumn No 2 , Pmsridg 4Villas, endonrnV'grove Pad. ticeoonvenlfenmct; let to exelespnt tl tenands psd p.Mrodg rldental aft BTheMat WtBG.FULL.ER', soxctor 5P ewiodica Stand; and at heanotuoer'sallStcks.d8 Produltry. s Wnu,ua,Hr Bem Car nd M Bankr-upic.freehowild t ui lding Lrnme CaTh ehatmiont. onSaurrey; Leaseol lstate2 Uorper-Alboandestatee aegenty'o-park; and, a Olicy W of Aurnear£C-reeirved iSal,bydrctions fom h IR M.G.EE BRctadOnJan. la SELL by A.OZW aUtIO1Pv, NuJ. at THeS MAt. onxIa. November 17, at 11 fore1olaclyk in Iowo os a PLO ofhPe nmeriaof BUlots, LAh D vube LIgVbl eltat at CA R hlo, Surrey.closepo te hllw 5ayrtuto an rLdeasbeolHose2 beoiw-ead. Paricular ag Cs B.ulteryu, Esq.,th soulctor, 6 Crown.a ll-erLee two at the aat o art of the auctioeat, 28. Poulstryw. sko ~~J. PTERBRO D wll ELLby AUCTION,b .Tat he art oposie te Bnk f Eglad,ou rida, Ntth or. and mode desgn, itute Nw. 1 2,8, ad 4~Claendoy Villast, atr ook of £131 er ann~;~ theegnteel ae i-eaked vill ohrfagdenee,, bein Ne.l ZndS CaeLE Vihas, Anelae,d ianmsstr,ctionstu two mnutes wal of tenHuh- road mfthees,oTtimratd yannual vlue £10 er anum.The bov proprtI es dare thewt superyo modnern lne, offerng god oportniteserooinvetment, May ben vtewed.Prticu lars btaind at he neat:ar ..Sith, eqd sproliItor.e5, fnd iew-Inn Strand' Memersan.ea t WUnhs. ran VIW aton bl, ondvere-ptieetan catal tesacto offices,a Gnes,andMscelanCfeeousEfect willg tspac tte Tre Inns Innth an Sturdy, Dc. 5 at or ,-Atoti ornhand estaegncofis,1, Heigh-otreedl, i f h. Croydon, Ths la LrelyhBr, Norwooey urey cOBT drW. FULLER to SELL by AUCTIO,ON,thePrt Nusey railwa 'clock, rouse'n of at, he alabeE L OU D and DonD ThePa' carmprlcingto15 neart andriydin, hoyss,2 cULfromesMtw at m.ksoandpr awboy of wheAttiand the staw,) stac ofLb AcOe,two be on peas stackss o ol uedayandne eado h wembe agiutura and rollers 12 faulor cornc detl noig haf n toAni PAP lING machinagminraIcultural mlmpensuela and mtzlsoelaeous affects.omvi ing ho we thrbe sdlaymreios, and mueorng fcalrt and rdesgchiptive1 cata2lfogusobained at (fersraway'og In wagos th nareihbdourhood yandwo udoBthe.adrle C3oudhanr , aent. akr ill y(rt anudlrBlonso.. 2Cclnfeihosty.Feq, 8 atrAprilead Coutatther ploap dand HraeundsI, Weterham-aed, tUe urdha, ontulesay, Nrov.g2s, ats 2nto, 3iu, 1 cOAKtittRot Aj acttres mof ucadtuwoal5 Ompernanother fandmgoe 50 ratiak effecletsadcr od . May.beavrhaei the ba ivosailif aonngtseo I'll,ield Coucrt Etae, cwilsothlt.Calogues Obtained at Gma';telst Garaays Innsinhheoeigbouhoo; and of the auctioneer,rydon I)LbTs D W.UrLdemed hldgs, W eemingdAinstructieonoos, to IL EL byAUTIO, n te remse, o Turs ilan SELdLy Novmbr26an 2.atlierI echdayth sperormoernHOSE HOLD FUHEPUBE, compiming the sual appedages, ofeigh ho roos, inng nn raingrom ontet~kithenItms,hTre assemblag on eamelas and nails,, n pa Sele t.e tv Madnds grenhogeplats,pech,necarne,andapIct tre,advnsi tewl orhteatetoit etee adcletos ar Household Furniture. Books,. ho., 1ymaved froma their warehouses, for Abeolute Sale. 1IJESSS. RIST and LAWRENCE Wivi SELL .LYLbyACTION,at their spacoius Roomns. Uper St. Msstin's. lan, o Tursay.No.19rt2 forl 1.OXUSEalOn.MUoxt1prJRg, book, pctues, nd lcolh Meou property. Learehold InveetmentbgHammeramitb, MR. FINNIS wlSELy AUCTION, at Garra* wai ofeebouse, Change-riley, Cerublil onThursday, No, vember 19 at 12, a desirable HOUSE, with stoblng, cheerfully sltinai. on the Wetrroad,opoete LeOs nurey ground, beng No. 4 B VQCPIc'plse Hamiaerrumls heldoanlerofton annunexpred4term of years, at a pround rent of 4 guineas,. and whih Is now lot to smat respectable tenant, at the law rent of £40 Der annum in conaldertlon of rePairs May be Viewed by 1isaveOf the tenant. J'atleular had of MGMass Allen and Sons, solcttlore 17, Carlislestreet, Soho; of MIr. i Mnurs, 65, Great Russell-xtre6t, Bboom'sbury.square ; 1,t the place of sale; andattbeBeliandAncbovTwvarn, Hammersmth-gste. Valuabl and nearly new Furniture, mite of c3fstly bloc and gold. colour satin damask Window Hiangings for four windows,, pale of rare Bulu Cabinets Marquetere, Commodes and Tables,adCr * ~t oflare dmenlao, rmokd fom aton-square, and otheruse. EMRSBANSELLaIIIdELLIOTTare instructed' tRPTby AUCTION, at the) large AuctionL HrOm, SI,. Old Bod-keet, To-morrow, Nov. 15th, at 1. precisely, ab quantity or nearly nzew and well manniatwtreda0BOTjBEHOD PUHNITIJBElcomprisng mashogany pillag four-post and Arabian bedsteads, hor5e: hal lualtremes, Spanih mahogany winge and single wardrobeg, maeble.to slnd ether Wash-stands, dreesig tables toiet elses n othr cambr fttigs,walnut soid rosewoo drawing oom furnureo, consising of estolres, aheffosilersand davenport.100.Writlus,e0oric, cad, an offlee tables, couces, es"e chLirs set or Walut, fly and other chairs chumney and pier glasses pair of cured -z asVgl pier tables With marble tops, Anaboyna wood 100 table p Of superb rare old buhi cabineta In fine condition, Marqueveleseooei mdese Mand tables, suite Of very cottly bloc and gold aolour satin darrakwindow hangings (equal to new) for four windows es_petafos two drawing rooms, capIta 8 feet 6 inch,. maoan Wdsa sideboard WM~pt fla.. back, 6 feet 6 Inch sideboa rd al, snofah ny tmale n or wnDDre WT ee ved, 4ing at his ,M1L BOB1BT ID wi1 BEL at h l . MILROBEETTM IJDM, wd Dec. I a t IDer 1 0 d Wnoe WNtSclnelt.dt bcg77hesnlUqwl tldlloct, and dyPerctVsgJ,p in vlvt&P 11147e b~ 1O 1X t;n 4040 BetIur Jameq1 azd 0o.'e rtS, 18 bt', IN7: "K Al r eetis of Port, lock'. 182a; vayssiperlr Nooubr p .IYt. bRownerA goldi Jo,4,t e !b__, leeeene; ebweb Medelt ~~~~ s- ~ d waUrwick andDeut's uR. mow -~ and two dowen Chaco. Tne wines ug~ eel irs t heresdenoe,aSt dteliserd topurehTacs.e They cmer l:e atedr.S stheo ru tmeof sae.and bl Mnnieu, ([s4 rea)cnbex aobntined Wel NOre.be 8s. at My ert Reis offler, 48r Glreat Rsei448, >where catalues cn3% 4be had. kaernc~ew~ee,L easequ hcdo Investossut. x M es Thredy. eceber~. LL , at GarrwAy'x, DWELLINOBl:u Tdos. 2,3, and 5, Ge .TEl4ErV&Tg let No.ta grbound Orent touresp ecAbletens to et amont to£61 lb. per en haeld for 36years unexpired ata ground retof £618 8. per nn mum. May bseirdb vieedmo by tbermsno tbD teantls., b Pa*clasmye bad a uaOrry'; and ofMrobert Bl,48 DAmwlleet Myddelou-s1 l? e.r - bloea nehod Invetmruat prmlo- a ROBERTdu!g 6 U.pr annura. R. BOBERT U1DID Wil1 SEL, at Garraway', LYJ on Tbursday. Dee. 3, at 12 fOr 1, A cOnsnandlog SHOP and ex. celent PRIVATE RESIDENOR, with stabling, being No. 84 Act. weIolr-ebskt at the comner oi River-strwet let to Messr. Jacobean at £73 10s. e anu, andbeld for .5 years ue xd, at round rent ofM£61,3. per nnum. M*y hbewed byp he -ion of temc Mtenat Particars may be bed at Garway's; and of Mr. Robert Rd, 48: Great Marlborough.etyeset Delst on-A Oopyhold Property, eloaging to Mr. Tho=t Touwlnoa, MR. ROBERT REID will S LL at Garraw'sn f Thuori d DYOIOUberantHOP, No.tpfr!. alto nlaoAEo DalOtuoa,nar..glndgt,lt oM.0 12.Ple onan aagrmee- forme at ] 5 toperannsmo n held o athe anor ofe perHacntveyMadb hel.d lor32Syeiuunexiphed. *t a gouadrent ol iCi0 et nnDm. 11 Ibe lewed bi prlsion of tbe tenant. Parteiclars mayb ba hoA P Garraways, and of Mr. Btobert Reid, 48, Great Mealborough-street. Oleek-uwet.- e elllcemdyeat r enalonf , lse rannrty (A Mm Sabina 8horts. MR.~~~~~~~o SOETR ID yealsI,; t(awv? MR. ROBERT REID wll SELL, at Garraway's, r re fteTatt,o hrdy, Deceomber 3. at 11 for I,aLA,HLPO a LtEEtEEOinprAT, comurng pme walutble shA and = vaeNwuo.15gSlsuycu, g .0 lereuwel-ree.lt, on ansagredoemen ie andeODein a aocearrespntalb ofnnt t12 Os per au anum, aoldfo heOd folleg e, xfrdsfra unexpiedtt roud kren of £0 pear, annt Maygom reta pranm,ofZbe viewed by pemiselon of the tenant atclr a ehdat& 1S tabki wae b hs tbe con Iraq., solicibteor. n Welb Nok-s parere Nav, sad ofhMr.aRoerat Geni tb. G,reat otMr. Bober;-teie, GMu hed fret wlrleare d rena of lp an th pory 3~~ at a peppers. aabina Shorts MR . ROBR REID will SELL, at Garrzaway'% b7order of tbheTrusteceson tbersdy,ThDedem i13, ath1 fter, at1 o LX EWOL SHATP, comrndn theLXG valuabl and extensiv NWWreet~at Saeisbury-cotht, tleet- rastree, n erleadto esrns. Msmrlton Collegea, Ofor, an unexpired t e ta renPtoPer auM, Mayewe d vriedoyo ptCemi ofth tenartls PtlnArYma be bad of E.GG . Rnandll Esq q, so sOlicior,8_ Welbcek-ste' GrLeaftitsborough.4teeL ways;sand ofMr. Rbert Reid, 48,0r Mard ebor, eueet. lIMB. ROBERT REID will SELL, at Glarraway's, at 12 for 2, T atO12 for andDWLZEHLDNG Nrem38 ade39 Lay stat-eree, a th coNero ohlew B6mto, GaIs,nnae let roatr rents. amontig t £1 pe anumandxpbeed for 189Years grunexpredt At.I macbe sn ~ b iaPnn tysuad Ithe rahmoDer ooay athis optio pepprorn. May btewpat ba pnerisorsisn beant. v al Particland earbhd ronlr^of se. Rada ll, &sq., solicitor. e1, illter-eqtree, Oavrndlah.squa; at Oar.ras B oert Beld, 48, Grea t lborogros The~ ~ ~~ Subl VOt4* f-r frst1se &.dz P rOTt,r83 ough-atiefe oet,ote, an d n ow TUs byear beDdeta revea-Invottout or Ocua IY nte hrestary,e D ge.3 at11foM1 aon LAEOLD bei-dtce hiLLA w 11, a icdtera-grove Nhew mmpton,0 ingodrepar, onve Anuientlyines and t oiUtSi OTempe to omnedltionfor a modnte fai6y, andwithtastefully dilanyd gareln.h estimat o&oed, ann valueisOguineas, term uenexpre m yead eoun rnt, £7. Im mediate possesson san beihrad oad w the uaestock may aThie oremon purhoasenth uroniture atavachatny, *bevivew. ad vtculasle maylbeobadoof,John Ee, su oitore T1 bestemarnuare at Garrways; nd f E. Rbed&M ReLted48 rtGreat Maelbtro-g.atredet. In BDtwanlmsptay. aneEwd waldwitm -Votre ais ot cilede and rrey athe Policy ofb Asurance, aRerhsit onrayifeg, Ionteres tand asolutvsons tont-ait weonn str th tednshe rOutioE 8 lBELlT) ! uOTwitELtweIrRo rrom a W a3.f hVnebr odehra no the Asine, otlh ovemy, December3, abt1rl lhrreet, Ppa,i the county of MAasiddlesex, and ah house andS Bardoe, Do.r, Southear teet to tearish of Banstea . thbe erertof. Athe poir ofp asrae exo £700E ey ffct 84ozeD, olw wthe Vierla Life doeansof and Lan, also omn n theis loifeof gentolean no t isbrge yearg wit tealt beonuss heon. h reveritsinr liufore intesot bthe Pir;te agited 54 yearsontingent o n his sur viing MP.SBS OXEN ID will BELL by AUCTION,o hi s wie Pero d 4 Dyers rtet Nofe£ear1 ahe Pe Ceoon. onkFrl suitees; anodthne abouteUre,eroo vndg of £,o mahoyn lid. Consol, eocag nd £171 s.6d Nhew Tree poocrd oCent.a Sank itn !duitne g e ceiable on thne: decease 8of a ladyaed 78e beast,mandtlsovo onea eethi ofarm3Is lOd. Cone-ol, Aab, anda6 e othreer Cent.ttd Bank Annui- times throbes dece wiastheoknged 8 pearns Pirular maUy be htando essrais table s , driowbertaead, soitoes,er 1, Ga lots nob square el sof Patrick ohnson, d e. dOflelal asuignee, 20, ringZZU ESSRE;. 0X3[A LLv byele AntUOTIONs ha on-street;t Gov.om tb a of Robe Reid, 48, GrEat MEl- berough-modrneYt. No, 27, oemn-tet St. Jmes,-on vualuNoambler Stoc ofn Ironmn gears, oDutheol-stablned n elkon r fMsr.Bn nIMns ton,and Son, w e rigfueroom Bosiness. boar cbnrveaineof le Monday December 7th and w folwing darers, wsaortIecirer ly eatich dy, h etr and valu able stOeCt o, IROtO eR , all of the vera bst manufPtureen machOAedjbraponeocaditrays ad etslfbish-overs, aier the^ Mnakters,i tea ahamtcra ft thousu al scutt:es, tea ketlests o f slate w P asI e ing marris,stclg%co ng cest roll and poreseIn pans, fith klJe ttgles s aucepan, holles aroond mulds,v lahned tinarton were ofmtvery Oeodrdpathor, neighth verysuteors. onlFcis cUApbeo holdiang w.0 allns,-tine,rsewoA andmbrairstols,y cforge No.xtures, and HetotBer effectl d on Satrdayv,e r and moforniog ofbyud(balgusuemtde 97, errn-tfreet Candfzof M Rpobueert 3 ra ueltet lou stureet. n tM2mOehm"ofos S,OoGtetn h Ste valTbl tok of d- lad iea. MESSRS. OXENHAM have receiveed bitracthons Trote to SELLtbym oAftheO at etheatroSE, , t forE-by aSUtreer the, on5theO,TriS DAxon. uedayr 1, wNthbeou th anedt No.I tihre STOmrCKUg of arat-c lsu win n, ryin inah oucheSa, delivere, ato bltepugaser cpLer, isWingabt tea ofeecurtansa eir piorofo the et sptoder, s dome bexdodinharDbey, 2a rdoeautts outfo Por, 3 and oen,obf suder alsso aedeca, Moselle bpeellat tandaebarde ad tero harsn, hsrhedamoocoo, whte Port dlyia wintelb do andmentka s n Doks.et a., theines mar be rine ved fiv eadi andteat teellars the damriso, and t al taed attne, timeaof sae.Caaogue can bg0e Otaie f es Quilteri nad Ball, accountanIts,67, T Coea-tee,ct;and at Mssrs mOxenrn's offirces.161 serd-vioatre whr sampingsa mylbe hpagudson =crame and 3tasing 3oders fRtw i bond. fr oXaauemnent fill Sata oteiatELL by AUCTION, O at aPr Remhe35, TO-mordtrowNoembear1the Pautb12'coc, theTvery sueror second-and wel-sIctd TOCK onssfn ofENA two ma.hogan stands,odrsising tlef drawers, bedes,tead, off evrykid, n nblet mahies oaet sidebo, ard, evra smaller ad itto,saeutsfdinn asotaentes dinnerf wraggonts calndlorenothcs rer Bweritingties, bookaets f, coservstofrdinin trmon n drawin, groomnchats, so,LofeaseJa anddcouhe = Of crd,uocasioal, and othertabe nin wialut-tre mand rosewodond,i r gna efets. Me' b vwd orn tuesdaye and rceting of sale,an No.fit Brmptn-ceeet-cpir,~ odernFrnI,wtueri eoelonti condiion,and ffecs. oveeL n 7& City -Elegant and nearly now Farmitore and EHfects, conelsting of two fine-toned 61 PIanofortes, two elegant Drawing Room Saulit corered in rich eatin, with cazved rbaped and other Tables to ritch, Mfeet Walnut Boolcare, Choffonler. iuhl and farQueterie Cabinets. Jardinler ae ; noble Dresden Vaieeslocki, fine Florentfue BronDZ, velvet pife and other Coarets of largo dimenslous, noble Chimneyglamos two suItes in SDpnish mabo6 y corered in leather, rlsIng Dinner Wsggon, Ding Tables, S'igiboards,Arablan Bedetod,U with Beddin6g two fine Wardrobes, Drawers, Wash-stands, out-door and Ouinary Itms. MR. BARNS will SELL by AUCTION, on the rL Premises, 60 SB. Pul'a churchyard, To morrow, Nov. 18. and following day, at 12 pre:iEeiy, an ssemblageot legant and well-made HOMSEHOLD FsfllNITUREasndE:yFFROT consistingof a draw ing room suate in walnut covered in 2lob satin a ditto In roaEwoA, wlith carved tablew Ito mastCh, noble chimncy-gl Teiret pile and otber csrpsts cbeffoniers 8-feet walnut bookcase, noble resde china vales and ormmeate, besutiful or-moult clocws candelabra, &o.; davenport, what-nots, teapoys, superb bhbl and tortolsethei cablunet enrched with pitr duraen, ne Florentiun broere, a small coUletion ot gurnteed eidctures, lateandoupted goods, 8-feet SPAish mabogauy sideboard vitb Dlat-lass back, 12 Spanish mahogny chalraoovered tn morocco, with conch and indulgent chairs en suite. rlaot dinner "'pron, telresope dining tablgs, Arabian and other bodteads wltb I damask 'nl chinty furniture msrble*top wsh-steans and dre ring tablies, omdmodes,, drawers, cheval and toilet glasses, an 8-feet wardI robe in Spnih mahoganr. a tifeetdltto with plate-rlsoenb-s, and culinary end out-door articles. On view, Catzoiues an above, and of d Mr. Barrett, solicItor. 2, Bell-yard. Doctors'.oDmmora. No. 69 Quoen-stree:, two doors from New Cannon-street under an Execution.-LEl"ant Household Frniture, several rioh "atten I -Vlt Pile, Tapesry, and Brels CapeOtS a fletond ove i Cottage Pianotorte in a Walnut Ce, i%r%oChlnu Gi burlisbed gold and enamelled lameA a dhd omee O5in ric XSolb. ot choio Walnut, Brons, Prints, Chln, Glas and M B. IZOD begs to announce he WMll SELL bv AUCTION, a aaovo, THIS DAY e ), Nov. 17, at o'clock, the very superor FURNIUR, , oomprDing mets e, chaib lounies, aud eay chalrs cvered in morocoo, nobietlesoope dining table, ored-bark rdebo d, m hf a r bed3atea1 dAMak hanging, noble winged wmrdrobei fitted with Pte glass wauhltnd andchina fitting, tolet and healdraire. Brnaselg tI,c.. an elegant wnut *rita overed ai, ootn2mod fittedwithti plate gls oblon0carrd,uao r b,ehm r in rich glt frames, a oihn-tn ot Po,dr e n tapsty cpets, few root , vauabile ot rnIs, china dinner and taa enviess, numesous drawing-rooam e lin to n qulstes,fe ou-oor lbtet'~~, $ c beilewe4the aDnjngo ile. Vurneserred Sble ot No.!, Alb1ttflus, AbwertA4 D_don, 30o ROBERT W2r~- TON, atthe Marl To-r.areow, oxare tnx bale of No. 18 d LELSRHO lJAX L M IO, tbLt dilloa or t.t5 sppy at te M Weras aeet, 2D7o , 1, D Unresmedntiale ot No. 1, 8ennc- la, Bub. cexut th RR OBE RT KE?O1fYOX --l 1Ll l W Moos of isae ADI switor- a. Old Boa.tei'oy!Ecne ,tt( 3 KeIILo anettonom,, .Oialcabr,Cplnset e burewred Sal of No. 1, aBtherldge, OldK2ver MR. ROBEIT NYO L bA ElOIf, at , OuToW, O s a ' ondio andaill SL aleaply a t theLrt by AU Paeson and Lo-ugman soliIors, 18, Old ad*sraejo, ofya the chne;o tbho Mr.lobeart Knon uclnes 1 OPhU.ras, NittbBL-lo,ut, narthe 8atk, a In inW aeof No.2and 21, 8boP street,aWlhrsand 114hent.OOd#b-qw, le MR. R0OBERT KENYON will SELL by AUth TION art themart, o-vorrow 18, Ncr e ISecebl-k]d thOnet Freols=dS BLeeB2sK*Gd pNgK 187 abo abreoseyn those nent L,ASOLnd tbe ISE ro Itate hasboue, is, occ upation of old theec PtaeI For arrs and2 An dtloul Of se PPIF at tie Mar t' to We 5sr. Bergooknt Z g,n soliet bon, 68 Old troad-otreet,Ke1 can. oleto Of. icoerat, Hank.,Opt l-01 m h ak UnresredoSa lehor Of Freeld uns rmie,stae adbul,50 (host- MR ROBERT will wL b BELL by AUC.. I TION, at theMart,TOorro Novmr. 18, 1,fe aboe, and conaininge,se8S3 a shop and nie oom. Fo hl IoJara cgondtoso wsaleappystate MartC;ll to W. B. Botok =, Ea =slctr xof rnsaolrt Car ll-ots, nate Bank. Ulnreservd Waf or No. 12, % end 4,Bah.stre,Be-recn,wu Noa.ling flga seve ln hooneo,.u I. ROBERT KESNYON will SELL byI AUO. IS TION t Mart, To-morr.ow. Nor. 18 at I pro IhrOeCRaital EABEHOLDtFR iSgNrd situateesaoand .. uteaing 10 rom, withndgoacodogeand tO bliSngfrseven bosae. F articulr and o deitions xfdu ol. at he. Mart;to Me Nut lot, l oote and L ongman,t , 018Beros, 6dt,ei Ro,al_EXcg or tom Mr. Robert yn auctionee, 0uoneerl. 1 ODtambsnof,t4,, court,ner tea he Bk.k unreserved balelO or ot reta ot aed P,Baher * rso e=8ied.~., 0 areudon-raddBge-ateer,,Inttw MR ROBERT cnaYON will SELL by AIUOTO. LVLTION at the Mart morr. d Novr. 18 at WAteI 01t)*IASlfI1OLc PvMABEHROLD FR uate;k to 'ors aspeos rainroom,,tw a lored retfc room, lh .- kitchen, andue, wahbod setc, with the ura ee andgsoo gtarde St, rea,SC,,f c artluayesasancndtions ot Joa tlde. of lytho Mart; t Meage, aer. otti ran Logman, aliclOtzor, °CS, OldBeced.stua s, Roal Ment adNot Chfr'thrvepaco, New Bridgestreet, cityleos. IJR. RfiOBERT K]illO SEL bEL byIO AUi,. the whole term at 2l per annum;l the preent lessee hag ex. Ipended alare sum upon the prnxem ise,rorparticlr uc Of ule app)ly at the MaLrt; to Mrears. PaterSon and Longmn soid., tI6 OdBroad-street Royal Exchange otoMr.Roer Kenyno, AonetOner, 1 Uptall-ehamotVr, hopthall.cogrt, near the Bank, Clamdezn Torn.-Two Leasehold Houree RtR.MOXON will BELL by AUCTION at ttw W ine, To-morrow. November 18, -~dIrecon 0? the Moet, gae,No.. 10 and tl, ItANVILLE THIW.A OF. amden New-town,. aMtte beck of the Breckaock AnnaTavern;ahealthy and lmpvlg neighbourhood. ravebold for 90 ersim at separto dgronwr Partioulars at the mart, of Mosm rooksd ard Mertens,solc Magate; *of Mesrs. Uamipbell and Duncan 35 togsl and ofthe auctonear. 3, t. Martn's-place, trarliaruare. Ncttlng.hbll.-Houab with Stabling, in W rtld-sqawen n Joo- lIR. ZMpOXON? wil SEoLL AUCTIW at thr ,LL Mrt, To-morrow, November 18, by directonx of the Mort, Ramee the HOUSE, No. 47, Norland-sqoare, with coach-horne and. etablntg in the rear, opening Into Queen's-place, Alo, La loten the Leaseold roperty, Nbos. 6 So S. PrIone's-road Noting-hin; one a, butcher's shop, with poeeron, the three other let ; the house having back entao ne from the Portlsd-road. Leasehold or 88 yewrs. Par. tIculrs at the Mayrt,of Meesr. Brookse and llerlns aofcrs, Mlargatep; of Mesers. Capb easod Duncan, 35, LtnDbeol130o-.ds of the auctioneer,! St. Mlartlns.-plaoe, Trafalgar-soQare. Doe-omdittofomMkla, and about 1,600 Seal Skin Capos returuedfrom theCima f BR. ELLIS will BELL by AUCTION, at tie- Room,28,realenhall-streOt,onbpa iday, d ov.u, t2 2o'os EFnFECTS oomtinag cabinet pianotorte by Broiedwood, excellen feather beds. hair matilres wand bedding, mahogay chests of drawes". TSure-pt and other bedsteads, chimner and toilet glass, hip bUAt, ataywahbeda, satDdo bdinin room aurnitued othe chairu, iougl dtto,oeredinmorocco, ior,.prole aend, Wothe abless xml pLsofa nrtela tbrete uand Ithe uua requisitete 16 el oth chas mer and kitcen- the ollu s e rnithue xtra pDseonF be gno d a single - deRks Ijlao aned knee-holetableud copes,g Oct also about 50 a and o,t thecaps to ou od condition. Mayei s bodiesIe p rc i m un, mo in S oe . i glog er h at esa room Msrk-R. :E-chambess a p,L L Tus sY 4 snnounceous eftoUostn OnD} o 0 inE-morl No. 18th Inet.foril-laoe, Rratiq I. nin:e -Hon-hold o Frultur,nl To DUramo3 OTamOsrs, M 1ous ,omPasincisoCl dVrawg Droom audous re ch,cFronler, enlt Tornthero tbe,tbwo bc ed room appendan, aPlb ale MP, ntings an enrAlving s kitchin gas e nd pes26g Stc, u LaTbCrge nuant°Ro cycProinme goos.°o utenOil aOWndieRlaneo usefets. O viewt oae d M mart ing OIY ae. Catalsoued s on the pt12frei ande of* theMor te gageelhIon TWoffic 82UIS S, IU ASoutlhampn ow ellsua r4e, u otJzeorie raper.,6 Corthier.,lerbout, and HZOeper umfe. h Fame " mroyn the SONee l SeL bAalCeTIfthe sf I5 - an An etir spaciosreoomsv,y26an 25,Fr-sre, city o-oreaow,a almt 1, iENrL DRevesi PtB o a uMrt idthe ldfof anotaerIotlrles antoo and der' tountenk, and a largeronanst er o tries gnd othod a Vaul uee e s nttisandignthnaeote Impoutant-Geversio n. acsti .. jrPLOgWord, oe w ithSLL oab" theds ofthe on Meof aboatTVW%O ANNUIEo ramounr etingteofabout O£dper nu, ofo the lifend deof Jan Pringle maged beor herabouf,n £50m perwen,uIC o the. romentry, nH.edecekss. Faq2 eorgeDa- oworthe Lleofsor5'17t t Matwoannute of £M 0 ploer,anu Neawhfrldgthe I lvevofLoisa Mgf en An etr aOGedr'pclvl 26J andE $ o byerAbOuTs alothe importntwRevesio toha founroth the haltreof an bnoter fouth Stea anidcay,Nh,2, amutnlfget 2 tohe.LAWt anwr thseAnY otba enx teannuities,aindg. indthe lname ofthe AmoutsGneary i noasar,oo stetCoe va t gor," ttomMget her witho ther ud of the Ialu oim abt--z £2,60, ein theresduay esateof ohnOotrie,orf te s treni. Law Boks,capial OficeDesk xxc.re £VJ is ew Roms theoumr ofFlet-ste Cuts nd Chacrlancer,, on riay.No, 4, t hlfres 1, te AW IBAR of al gem. tlsmn reirig, ad th liraryof acouTrso b lewIto, comprisin Stttsat Levde,from s an hato the 17 aund 18 Breast71 vobi. net 2d and3 eries, Ar 42le vol..rtu Steophens'somrnentahis,GI& a4vLs on ttheCrlmemnslL IO, CYoa rnaeries o,onft edeLwJurnal,Nor, ; pratica poorits dc, als2 or the rlepor n then CouprtsorOF Caney, Qoueen'st bdaenh,nExcheurComamy on wleas, d. b our capita oel biedesks,d chadirs,handsotheruel mahogany Tobetiewd, and 91at& arndoest-Motdraem andelegant dHawing old Frnitue,InwBrutnr torMd. ofcbnet ornament,, Auarticles of lrurtwo ianfrt Des,eChina, othser an4o la n, ther Pareiu,a 10ck, Barneautefullace,ionWednda Nr-our, nth andOhlwiedaystlfohth elssu sotfewpnprgoahdeOiN four-oet edctadslnmahoany,Ac., ool ndhle naatresse, Tealm ee- bedshand breddlu handoemaognd asstdanndur d0 z Ruealu tbepihMarl t-p,cevalan teoket garned Efexee'lltwrrb bRodatpaoms rhimuney conoe, ed Clpier glassmin,o ric-hlycrvd Nor. gil t 1forams cIcoe adopery wtablt eswivthemarbletop,al fUnecolecti a,snduerlECro Pari cleads, icnt bdeeautifull odesgndw or-moelo, inth. dinig rom titoIS. loeaterh agardny, ap kepltigsdega dAbe-arl gimuncs, apiefon unwit hitng OD Rid arl evtr truhel andh other. aimucangpets ajnd eethu,platdatce, hn, anble nary utmofengraines,andnuerouse obey ralubeefc, a ofipewdtwro fdamseriOrn Tuthedale,an saee a tthe prncpa lim ntheneihborhod ad a th aution ofie,Kn-trbeet Cnelapya,Bureoy.-narthueCryosecod-andceFurniature, 1o0 or,dPIat Platd Aricle, Boks,and ffetsn. end RI1ECT'ef lady recetlyheeeasd:kcoorIsngBusls aong l'nrey arpt,,mahgan le an oter abls, ouroset bedsteads, feaherbed. Sd bd-rom urntur, sts f caishat of.as, thleas- attractive villa of Peoge, between AnerZey, anti Sydennam watfam five minutes' -wal of the Crral Palace. The MvPe"t Is let ;o bighlm respcetable tenantu, at rents amounting to £25pmanu;frmlo poeiton Itiii unequalled In the locality eitherA for tadeor - prvteocoa I- thorng'-- sae an good tindeortments. PalMa.- ~to,and Precetetstoug0 ace, ad uath property : at the-AuetIort, Mart; and Of eE Kind lkatoes estateagenis, A surveyors, opposite Camden-road, 1,on1ow corr in Bankrnptey.-C-"bsaaes, Snrrey.-Well.made modern Furnitaq. sand Effects ofe Villa Residence Rh . GlEO. RUBINSON Will SELL, on the Pre~ it mies. Norman Villa, North-street T111 DAY, Nov. 17.~ at =2teFURNITURE of the different apartments, apiaoforte bg TO a few clever pleturs ad,prins 2t ~o oks, cbInat lieerequisites. May he vewed ate daypor an_dcA*ta Fes had of Edwd. Edwards, * Et.Woavens'.hall.BJnghal1ltroet.. e nd at Mr. Goo. Robinson's offices. ?l, Old Bond-stret 'ihia Evenici (Tuesday), Nov. 17, at half-Past 6, capital Furniture v- Stok of Perfumery, Retirules, InaUtands. Dressng O'ase, Work,t boxes, Ornamentsc. andaq ti ty of nemlmniaoener sitems,; MESSRS. W. nFC.oH Will BELL b3 A Icaf, ra hi ar n .19, McrTlebDowre~ Regent's-quadrant, TilEENN,aha-at6,F1 1Tft conaleting of mashogan,rc,adianeforpt,Abi,an. giaes. sloring jma ttresse, bds blOTankets,A,cha,cohe a- chirs, larn carpet. aNdr r1g, ate2odesan elons agegake, chneiers af Metropoklf ital Pero ey resn ae, ok xs oIma Tcuhprns.pated M soe,2V tiy Cmufedtbirds, an -anod[ ohefrlan Miclan eou Tiewrd on W lew,sU and caalgus ob AM Coite lothing ad of obe.-t BoDhm on.H wareoke, 2 2*I, dro w. - Atcrawr fmetr0opfolitn ollOr n dzW"bw3*l sIOToudL and on Tibr CItaoas hODD Plof , tl es Say -J ad wood god-MRtSON and iMASN,bokrs t 14Ptes.an vam
