MARRIAGES, On the 17th mest., akt St. JOhn's, EEoxton, by licence, the Be,. H. i'. EetUy, B.A., curate utlllcattng, IVifilen Deane. of that pariah, to Targwet Amela youngemt daughter of Irederick Bfitoun, BR*., Stoke Xowlngton-roadi On the 20th nst., at St. Gilea's, Camborweti, by the Rev. Mr. White. besd. 1Mr. John Fotter, om 3, Roceeoone-pltce blouth.mpv n, to DIV Stapleton. of Temple khouse. Ryde. Iale 0t Wllht. o On the 20th lont., at St. Mark'is Surblto, i'ogstonoon.rhamee.by th e Rev.. n oodgt oot Teoythnaesl. Feq., Pof heddlagorth, Lhom Ja ees bor , to Loulea youngest niece ot Mx. On the 20th Inst., at the parish church , Wst m, by t heles' Caberw the Rev. JO ra of ar 6AU!ea, Ceordtile Rev. o. Wi loam galouttobn req.,r of NurtbmttnouhilDe OanHoorev a t, t raners oar, teldel daught,r of thesloate Obdne Smith, e ., of Groat o eondot and" bOn the 20th inst., at the parish chrrh of S.lkee(e, eCa mbre, yion g the Rcv. .John ?ev. (ldm, ed tore Rt cur, euotur bthiel Renv. v *tehea GeetwooD, D.eq.,of Surhl foldh Courrey., on ,anaendauryhto laugtero he laeC latel Weast,oleJey-iom-Tae erce Oxon.,fGoeh On, the 20th loot., at the prmah curch 8uof-Y byokthe Rper.miobafto Lln, vnioub the Twrdeat. - ordwlfasetd, nubn by the Rev.. , 5,Gub aearo JhranbresD Cashron Fi3u * tL Croine Ponla Id of e um Themplate Geelorpe WhLenln re,youngestCor, y0, n daughter o onCto) a. of theslte olonel err t, Loiofenle'oIaee )O On the 20th loot., at Thrinitynboryh. Cloucxe by-squhe'v Iselington by the Rev. John F'erute. rector of Yelden, Bedfordehire, Andrew Yernle, FAq., of Welllogborouglh, No,tbamnptouSbire, to8opha,36youngest daughter ot the late Richard Murphy, EeqI., of Claremont-row,
BOARD and RESIDENCE. Terms moderate.-- .1 A-0., s, Canbridge-terrace Hpide-parir. BOARD and RESIDENCE, 29, Norfofl-crescent B I~~~lyde-pxrk.-DIr3. ORlMl,lBS. OARD and RESIDENE.-VACANCIES for three-lAN esI or gentremen.-e t 2, Cambrlagc terrace, Hyde- BOARD and RESIDENCE, 25 and 26, Montpelier sqar HydegSomt peuark-VGA?vY^:/CISs for centiren.n A private j rOA ID and LODGING for two gentlemen, or i atrk disce, n it utbaotarWdireHqdeuire d. Applyat 1, Uoper3 Sam 'nOARD and RESIDENCE, Woburn-place Russell Lisquare.-There are two or three VA0ANonls wrhere only a few nmnates are taken. Terms moderaote, Applyo ; A. _ prst.orlCe, 5, Great Corar-strent.- B ., Zs. Leonard's, II) QRD, or Partial Board, at Nowv-cross is offered ogentleman or lady with a 30- ridef tah Oely. Terms L In a meek anor p wital i3.-E ta Mrs.Knquriy etca nn-c BOAXD and X~~ESI-DE]TE-o r squre- ttor, to a married coupleandoneor t ROA.D and RE3SIDENCES, facing t,t James's-park, Pos-f 14. Jae, street. eightaqoors from Bucarham Pal This OcAblDh n in condutedl Bonareaeod lbrlt, a ndN wcr in offnerued Bto r a t geef ntlable and orpen sithrauation. Tehno moderate. B OARD and EESIDENCE.-A ldy residigare esabuaglhento °aD; mare opeo n rtosnl aiao ete me. odre PDelta,b& 7.tOxfrd-trr.Xnace,oHd'sewipark. t-rad OARD and RESIDENCE._Th ardo by ar r.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ot B famiytreeriwingb hapyt fe etv anm geU nanort a - ren3 I a-s are, o fbletter ad done outwo . g. ue en er a 7 o'clok.A pply into -A. B., Mr Ten1s. one Francssta . TPer nzTo-:sq BOARD and RESIDENOCE R re by tw f ld Ies onale a unvl n a£ smallprivate aIl or q uet of a meedia manB, iner the negburhood of Snmt.sl Uohn's-wed.o Banwater. tte tenArmes,ahchp us be mderadte, addres s Beta,r0. and It. W. IQOAR-D and areIDENCE,.-A lady l ng iner prtsvUg n8rry"Tnlflfo OFFERED and w toi1 muteevl farUva tto ol also hamP bed roomI cant. and Kenisto e se of Terms oone. Tuia at per weem. t 6- dremn-3W. W.are . 1 tr BOARD aud RESIDECOE.Te fare oACAr- areedtal. faor t of Segtulr hbtb , l ina uo welln Senthe comft, Withod the u oapa. Tae ddr 0 per annm ad cheerfully situate, twso ies westof Oxford-street. Termsmoderate Addlress E. R care of Mss awon 344. Oxforde atreet private 1OARD and RESIDBENCE.-Th widow of a naval .3offiser, without family, occupying an elght.room ed house, ritnate three minutes' walk from the Aner1y Station on the Croydon inue and uear the Crystal Pslasce would be happy to receive three or four pernas Terms 2, to 26u peatweek, ATdresrsorapplyrto a . a, PIark-tewra.e, Anerly. "OARD and RE3SIDENOE.-An opportunity nor oIrr tself in the houseftafamily (strictUy private) In I ondon to a lpcadt ors getoea oreceiveIw or tbre ldieslru or gentemen to Liberal terms, and good reerenr e3 requred. Adderess S. W. Cairton lbrary, 12, Regent-street. BOARD and RESIDBENCE (Re-inserted in conse- quence of the lOss, In re-trannisdlon by post, of the replies to the ormer awverhloefent.-Af lady, resdding i an excellent house, with her eon, a clergYman. ie a retired part of a western couty. wliehe 1n RECrIVE one orytwo PERSO,wu asb art of threfamile. Terms for oue persoe not less than £160 per awennum. Addres, with reterences, hl. A., Mr. Kieys lithrary, Westhoumue-place. Paddingion. BOAD for YOUNG GENTLsEMEN.-A small B private famdly, residing stout Ii miles north west of London are derof3 ot receiving one or two young gentlemen e itoer as who!e cr partial BOARDERS. Trwo brothems or friends studying at the publlo nollegee, or engaged in mercantile purnuitW during the day, wouldfind a desiablehome. TermsCmoderate. Address A.i .,crare of Mr. Liddle 168. tlperestreet, Isiington, N. BOrD and LODGING,- rhe Guardians of TWO I v OUTlrS, respeae lvely 1i and 16 years of age, coadnitg atw a puDblic school In London, are desirous of placing them to IsOARD and LODGE with a resipectable and quiet family of the Church of toREnghsnd one oatncmust not be more thanrit mle from 8t. Paulrs. uepersonnot glen snd expectd, Address Q. A, Mrr. J. wtlderspens, PortugaM M street, Linsotns- inn. BOARDf and RESIDENCE re OFFERED to a a lady, io two occupying one room, In small a olem t cirtles where every comort in ensured, with superior accommodaton, in a larte hoIse, weUl situate, A e oed sired prettybed room now vacant. Libe ral arrangemenir. Moderate terms. Dinner hoer 6 o'cock. 8atiafaodory referenc gesiven and requried. Address X. Y, Z., Wade's library. iegh street, I gensington. BOULOGNE.SUR.MEP.-A smallselect JOAR.D- ING ESTABLISHEllENT, iust OPENED, by hmie. and Ilie. MAURY. T,erms modera,te. An eligible opportunity for pencuso wishing to improre themselves in French. SMie. and TMll, 1e. being Parisianls. Address, pre.paid, 2, rue Lul iette. RKIGHTON.-CaveGndish Mansion, 9, aisvendioTh- ladce, iorse to ouBepford Hotel cemmading a front view of the sea, for familiea, ladles, and gentlemen requiring BOARD and ral r g The. Moderate bli rme Dinnmeru by any i Brighton for Itesauperior accommofiatton, healthy Astuaton, and modetate charges. A ptoreect,s osnt free. Stabling. Lettesr in M. P. I)RIGIITON, No. SO, Grand Parade.-Thts long. O OtaGlshed and wlUR-conducted BOARDING-s OtBSle , having changed prOPrietOr, offers to ladies and gentlemen bhoard and rrsideuce, large ad wel-fu m niehed rooms, with uo e of piano. The present proprietress hopes, by unremitting attention to the comforis of her guests, combined with mederate charges, to mne.it a continance of that support ao liberalslbestowed onerpredecessor for a eriod of more than 20 years. ddurese to the proprietor, PRIFTON, Bristol.-The Misses PERRYis BOARtD. eG ESTABLISHIaENT, 17sand 18. the Mall, close tothe Downsa DARwTIAL BO A R13 or A PARTMENTSr for one or L two gentlemen in a private family at Gravesend. Rooms weU furnished lighted with gas, use of pinno. Terms maoderate.-H, Davis's library, Gravesend. pARTIA.L BOARD.-A gentleman can be accom- modated with PARTIAL, BOARD, In a welllfurniahed house, pleasantly astuate at Blackey. No chiidren. Address A. J., care of Mr. Richards. corn merchant, Oburch-street. Hacklney, PARTIAL, or ENTIRE BOARPD-A gentleman .. cau be received In the house of a private family, near Portlandplace. A large airy bed room. References given and required. Ad. dress Z. Z., at Stepheoson's, 99, Oxford-street, *ou'rH COAST, Devon. - BOARD and lESI K) DENCE are offered, in the family of a private gentleman, whare B-li the comforts or a superior home can be obtained. References glien and re(uired Address Z. A _. post-office, Churton-eteeet. Pimlico. i"AMILY HOUSE, 25, Rue Royale, near the Made- leine, Paris, formerly the bouse of Madame de Roufiac. DEL,A. PIERRE, successor. Bedrooms and apartments, furnished, Oem. fortable table. T of SOITH DEVON--A married phyai- clan. OFFERS permanent or temporary RESIDENCE, with good society, use of close carriage. dc. Terma £100 a year. Address icus, uder cover te post office, Earl-street, Blackfriars. A GENTLEMAN REQIRES BOARD and .1dE. A SIDERCE, in the house of a private family, at Clapham or lts vicinity. Terms, exclusive of extras. 27s. per week. Address, stating numbor of family, to A. Z., care of C. H. Beckenham, 415. Strand, W.C. tl0OTEn REiBIDENGE.-FUIfL3BOABD, at table and hom' aBnfort, at2,ed5 ^eJea. pe- week, Bed, breakfast, and ea, ts, nd le. Adres IL . N. pos-offce, isop's-rerad T ESIDENCE and PARTIAL BOARD, with good .Ac piano, and all the comfortsof ahome, are OFFERED, to one or wo gentlemen, on exceedngly moderate term?. The rooms are spacious, lofty, and well furnished. Apply to A., 7, Grafton Villas, Grtafton-place, Kentish-town seven mianutes walk from Camden-road, or Chalk Farm, cIty railway. N1T Eor two GENTLE;MEN wizhing for boar.d ani r6sidence, can be RECEBIVED into the family circle of a widow lady, resdding at Notting.hUli, with the use of a prIvate sltttn-, room. Omnlbuesa pass the door to the city and west-end. Term, mOderate. Address A A, Mr. Winter, 10, Terrace, High-street, Ken. sington, 71'° INVALIDS.-A comfortable HOME ij T O FYtED to an invalid lady or gentlemau, In the house of a medial man,zresiding inthebhealthy town of orking, AddressIll.D., post-office, Dorking. OME for INVALIDS, or Persons Requiring Care H and Attendance during Surical Operations-A lady, of great expertenoe, has opened thi- estabishment, and is permitted to refer to the most eminent London physicans and suryeon. Adddresa aC., 24, Qneen's'square,Bloomsbury, W, . tEVALID ESTABJISHMENT.-The Care of the Sick.-JROEC:SONIA SANATORIUM, delightfui manslon, six miles from town, whcro any London physcian and surgcsn m.ay be conanited. A medical man in conoatnt attendance. No infectious div. eases adm-itted. Boaro, residence, &nd medical advice from LilOs. weiekly. Atddress Mr.Jarkson, proprietor,Colnthsli-house,rortis.grpn DR.BALBIRNIE's WATER-CUREET_ABIWi J MENT. Torquay, Devon.-BOARD, Lodging, Medloal Attendance and Baths, the comforts of a first-class hotel, £2 2s. per wveek. ia it ervant, 3e. to 4s. extra. Consultation fee, 10s. 6d. to 21s. 121 YDROPATFIIC ESTABTISHMENT, 43, Wa. Hkburm-piace.-ELECoRO-OEYMICAL BATHS, for the extraction of mercury and other medicores from the body, and the cure of epispey,consumptlon, skin dizeaoes,nervousuess rhenumatism.paralys , stomach.liver,and other diseaseszpronounced insurable under othernyc. tems.-Fhyslelan Dr. GitrFFITHS JONES M ENTAL DISORDElRS.-A lady or gentleman iV cufferlng under the milder forms. cam be RECEIVED int th fami of a medical man, who hes had more than 20 sears experienc in the treatmentofsche cases Locality healthy, Bnd within eight miles of Lonedosn.Aply to LB., care of C.F. Phipo, eq., 44, Lbs. OOln!s-ln.ed,WC 14PARTMENTS, Furnished-apan our,vwth one or two bedrooms, witho c and bord required Sire Ing H. Dio. WOf. Esse. 7gM A PARTMEYNTS, unfurnished, consisting of two lofty rooms on fres Dloor and an cxtea room, with kitchen If re. qulred. Rentlow. Orfsmnhed for agenteman. Terms low. App 3y at Gui, GnHdford-street. G s ro e nd . APARTMENTS, Furnished, Hyde-park, to be L1.LET^, In a private house, close to Westhourne-erracs and K ensington-gardens, DRAWING ROOMS and several BED ROOIS, with Bath RoOm, =e.. excellently Furnished. For comfort, cleanlines, good cooking, and attendance, previous ocrupante refereedi to. Addrems E, 4, Norfolk-square. Sussex-gardeus. APARTMENTS to oe LET, Furnished, in Lons- dale-square, consisting of a large drawing room, two excellent bed rooms, verylarge stre closet, bath room, dc., en suite. These de sirable apartments woild suit two gentlemen or a smal partyseeKing a c^mfortable homne. The use of plate, piano, do., if required. Addr-es B., M r. sGoads, 4, Ann's-terrace, Liverpool.road, Isingttn. APAR eTMENTS WAN STED, for a permaneency, by a gentleman and lady, in a house where no other lodgers are Ivren, situate in the west end, and within two miles and a halt of Cisancertane-a drawing room,bedroom ard dressing room and extra bed room. Terms, including attendance and all extras not to exceed £2 per week. Address X, Y. Z., Mr. King's, law stationer, 33, Chancery-lane.' PARTMENTS or BOARD WANTED-Per,eons A having tho above to let, may very spes- ily effect their object by extirhitingparticulars in the wiedows and on the public lists ot tao ADVE-rtSING-HA.LL, 8, Fore-street, city, (established 1540,) where gentlemen and famies requiring such accmmodation are supplied with smitable lst free. stubscriptton 2s. per montb, or 5I. per *iarter, Caution.-4end direot; no Person whatever is authorized to sollcit. IA PARbTMENTS WANTED, viz. :-A Sittinj and Bed Room, with use of piano, by e gentleman engazed in the city. Must be In the houseot a Drofesslonal or that of a private musical family, where a ladLy would take the trouble to instruct the advertiser on the pianoforte: In the latter cace board would not be objected to, vhere a good table is khvt and inmates cheerfuL Address, with terms and full particulars, to Delta, care of glessrs. Everett and Son, 17, Royal Etchange. PARTMENTS, at Tunbridge-wells, WVANTED A fcr an elderl genteman, on or about the 1st of November, for the w inter mooths, and probably for a permanency. to consist of large. sired and wrel-fus-nlshed drawing and bed room. The house of a pril vale family where there ace no other lodgers w /l be PreferredL T he iover part of the town objected to. Cookery and attendanse required. Letters, with particulars as to situation of house, size of room; and zents to b addressed to A, B,, pnost-office, Scarborough, AP.RhIENTS to be LET, handsomelv Furni'nheoi. Omni buses ass to nd from the city every ne minute3. Apply A PARTMENTS, handsomely Furnished. Most aBnd attendanc Xo children. lTermlus mendeaetde.-s42, Qursu'seet raoks Bayewater, W. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ueiia-erae. APA.RTMENTS, newily Furnished, consiatinfl of beA emad itn om, sutbefor a Rige eteman sm modea aApnl ato Balow and Alder au, S a, O.rzoa-street laay- fair. APARTMENTS WANTED, Por~~~~es t.hI nSydenlmm,9 o r o r a Kentla..an en 1aged dozin Pthe day. Terro moerate, buringsher a permanency.-csto. poie.6,Great TowLer-set, BC.soeac dbre3r°.B u A PARTMENT,fr alayaure ran. Room Floor, handsome Furnished. Gas inur) o piano, and good attendace. Fnviwof the rivrndtre il Omnibusee and boats pare t dr Terms l r t- b F FrotPect-PIlace, Cheyne.walk,Cesa A PARTMENT, SydTenbampa. -A, Frady,stre- riding in a WelI.fureished. booe, cl oe t the oleia tion, whes to LET PRT of it, consisting of one or t mnd three Or fenr bed rooms; or a, gentleman can be recevda ata Boarder. Adde K. B., 1r. Clark, etationer, Upper oh vo A PARTISE T u In the vbet h prt of D eXa Brompton-a dr two bed rooms. and breakfast room if rete.Address A. B., Mr. Llghtfoet'r, Masone,place. West Bont. tjElJPANETENTS to(besLlT,iat No. , Lon On. street, Paddingion, canesting of a drawing-room feaor, large and romy,qrerfntilatred a nloeasant and cheerful view. Coking end atendanred. T3a elrmvee,tr trsy modSerate . Ife for a permency jARTSEN FuAnised(s in aurhe)h conist. A Ing of drawng and two ed room,in a detachted sod elegat Wlla,ow ner. aookndsela beautifully pnoturesque and rural prospect witi 'iwofRtets'airo children or other ocaupanta. Terrmr moeaeAdrsZeapotofc.arrre, Gloceeter-gate, Regent's-park.az-trtt APAJRN ATMENTS, elegantly nd Comfortablr Fur- noishd lnat a prvat reiene, 38 Wertym3ourdth-etre Portl6and. place, ronearegntsteret a3ndr6 panerka -y tto drawng rerams. four or 6;r good clean be rooms, °servants ros,celener-ose, a coplon ^a z sur oapply of pore nlencCe°°te°wYwater, ui ac., s 6and , stablg t! requhred.No other s adderr or childrerm AjD APARTMENIto be LETS, furhed ad si nfger..C~inbd, wth r wihou attndace, erm moderate, in the high road o Harow, ith viewof Wlle fenHamlp'etead, and Hlghvs,re, utabie for iady a gentlemane e t coist.noibuses every hanf. hortamod frWt. D., 1, Winleor.terrace. E7IJRX D A PARwTMENTl, Cs,nonbustreet, ~ratteue,0.; wirth oir wenitotattendnc.-r L., 25, Nfrewl.,and.sruee J¶URN I8HED APARTMENTSinew and haisnd. Lroeljurnahe dobledraingroos,with bed rooms and roo Srattendance,nthe mosashionable vart mof Brompr°o3difreona 6. cthermplocer north. B urompton, mo. n, Addreess S. a ri'tIRNISHED APARTMENTS i to c b LT - be 'ET,toetheror seaparate, DRAWINGROOM. Dining Roaom and tr BedROtoome. For rsartloUlas applyto Mr. Otnrtlee, news pae ofce . MeOreten-ierrace. Pimlioo. F JRNISHED APARTMENTS toeIsigton) to be LEnt-a friheandsGomeprlezawing room floor, trror iD, per week Or twoh pGbtnarlours cDomfortablyand geteellyfuris^hned,eRot 14,. erwee. Aup I extdra bedro Ifrqre. Addes in r ee, iot- o, St. eter's-terrace, Bt. Jeoer's- F[::UanIS D APARTMENTSa larbe LETiag a 2FUNSHED APAR~~TMET13-oengr F Rand Bed Romt, adjoining e £itble for one or two gentlemen, art efathoue3s walktotrecity. Comfortand ldeanliners ensured. IOs,pe week, for two equallyrrmoderate. Use ofaDplane if peabURNISED APARTMENTS,in a highly re.i;.eta be. anLET,l otenoe from the city and went end. One or two comfortablebhed roms withu ore otparlour to breakfatstin, ats, and 7.perweek,attendancsinclIde,-MiIr. Dutton, 25, Coap. ton-street. BrOnawtok-squarei. F~{~d~~A abnkseflr'_shop,good SITFr Zan on beto tET, enBED ROOMSd coieo the Great Wete HotI6el,B and wtthctn tCN inlnutW offensington-gardenu. To oneortwo eintlemOentheterms wouldblow. ApplytoMr.Knowles, bookseler, i6 CSnduit-street, WSoo-surneaterrace, N. l OIJWRNIS1IEI) APARTMENTSTof a superior rd.LEscriN Ofptlon--a large Room and Bed Roadjolkning. of easy access o ity or west endFamily smali: two ecrvants kept. If for a permanencytemmora. Apply at 6 Riihnond.terruee, Barnsbury-park, lalngian. lOVURNISHED (New-cross, close to the Station), aSDR1uTT G BOOM, nd it gas chandelfier6andlue of piano, with Two Bed om,adeeyatnac;coey if required. Terms moderat Fcspo . ew agent, New. croeS-road, or Grosarp-lane,acity. i~~~~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ d~ WeStWard-a~ stae, o6, West Stan, LOntgOus to the boaTs endhe Omnibuse. Termsu ,> BOhE are OFEtlBe:Dnd°g aFeinelo a ivroom. Centrall moderate. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~Tem [j'IURNISHE APARTMENTS, nforu single tgen- APARTM nENTS, Cfasnonbury .- man, wi5thoutdfamily,residing in this pleasant losality ill behappy tto aieord a LOME,1replte with evey comfort, on mode: ratentloud tespartculaorlysuitable forbrothers or frOenda.-56 Alwyne- S 'URNISHE;D a A-PARTMEN in the immediate for a Sladyorgentleman.oTerms vert mo deraBr rered. Jsipnltyet of cavendsh-sqou are, becunistingof drawing room and two bedroos,by fmil o repetabliy, orabout one maonth. Two chilren.Ters reuird, t lucueeattedane, use of plate, lnuen, andallextas,Addes Z.Y.,pos-ofice leriford. References ex- ~Ul~NISED APARMENTS t ~be LET-,con- L~sitin of palou flor, isadrawng oomfloor with several bed room. Te siuaton I uneniale,omnbuses passing every five BURNISHE APARTMETS s to T-LET, in ber 0e~s.nearthe clubs and PiccAdily. suitable for a lrem. Parlamen orgentema of ortne. heyare newly and slngenty frnihed an copris drwin an diingrooms, anud one or two ed oom, ad speror ttedane. o oherlodgers. Apply jURNISHED APARTMENTS S Tohnswo. with one, two, or three edrom, ingeahprvatsepfamitly.N A'othr c cupan2tsHo guse emi-detahedk. Lardige gardend. c,splatue, and lnn Addiationgal rebird. Thmsifreeqminues'Fo wakfrdtom viewAms aplterms wlood. FURNIHED PART ENTS,.0b E,i goosqarener he BLORitooishtMueum o Wf SIESo APARTMENTS, wellSFrini-shedtgethe uassepaatl. go pianoin ech rcepton ran.ghtWas throuraut the houe.Troms from2 toSguneasper eek,incldin attndace plate,adbier, ladrgeonalspbend rosid eurd o crstoaviesa apply atho si, Bboomsburla.Mquers ITNURIS adhEndsml AP URTM -NSH-TRb LET,AW AJRAING ROOM il n FLor, twonitg ofd fours r. ioams,Qwthrs, IlntTonF.NSE PRMNSt ) E- Y.JthrdBoo, n anoogi-erece cossig fthre Breams, DARI$NT.-To be LET, na Fm rm cobr sand l oeni APAINGRTO n n rtotBDRO,wt -Patendanin ofaderymoe,rat?.teNTs,15winthtableradtcoacheri.hoAd. VHALanRhNd-Rsomely FPARTMNTSHEndBRAW %J..1I ROOM, wurithed,onenodratetwbedroms-. Gibsron-square,83 11r week Lhe, siuainsone ftihed oposi 01etenth Brittden4-1 aLuem a very compacT WST.-NTheOOR fEOragNtleandAt 60, Great Russellm.nwitteveyrcete.L [TN NEGOTIANT d6sire twouerouies,oG deMneNT COmmrilSaleNRoo MininglaET,GrseosqaeA G gpacUNs ROUNA FLORRo,M e LT,T eihoremelETr Furfurnished.,FonefurtheatIN icular andpoelo two iBENV Aspinwl, with dostress,oLe., Thngl C-oseor-tretag,Ouo- s CW. on,Hes T'HROONG-reOFFREDS.- APrTMNTFadeE pe.r week.Th Msttu a tion is onedf h moadstcneetInodn- WaBIketbreeu.gh ksibrasry,Rebt,Caritng-rss.Ltest .B CIANDON.STRART WS.Tb-EON n JThIe ofrtDl FdOu,cnisigodfu rooms, wi tevr aneuod eneoeLADT, a aesoderaternt a serm-detaheiosheor delligt Applyon the preisbes, t o L, Price ndCol. 2,ca nonstEDReetOwSt. INGLEAGLENTLENTLEMEN.omportale17UR NSpaciouAPGROU &NTFLOO toheLT either ofuarnishedta or ran furnise. Fori n futer prtoigulwrt applya to Ma. modeatepinwasl,upn hoistere sc 70,B Grtatosvenoar-sRegentl .7Bebrog ligbray Reampatreet, Piaryiooe SANDOWN BAY, Isle of Wight.-APARTMESiT5 to be LET, containing dining and drawsg room, five best bed rooms, and servant's room. Would be dlnide.d if required. Good cooking and attendance, Dellghtfaly situate, wth exteneive sea and land views. For further particulars apply to A. B., peat-office, Sandown, pDICCADILLY.-Large FIRST FLOOR to be .LLET. handsomely Furnished, close to the clubs and St. James'estreet, comprising sitting and bed room, with water-coloet on laudmoc. Good cooking, with attenianoe of a man-serrant If required, and enitable for a gentleman or member of Parliament. Terms moderate to a permanent tenant. APPIY at Ne. 73. LD BOND-STREET.-UNTRNISHED AP A RTMlNTS, consisting of 11 rooms, kitchen, ko. adapted either for a private or professlonal residence, or for a dressmakee's bnsines; to be LET, by the year or for a term. io rates or tomes and "mmediate possession. Apply a' Mearra. Rbers', Briish and foreign hbrary, 27. Old Bond-street. 'IT. JOHN's-WOOD.-To City Genl-lemen.-Fur. K nished Apartments.-A newly and comfortably PJRNISEa,I BITPING ROOM and BED ROOM.I adioling. situate in a pleasant spot. and within tbree minutes' walk of the Eyre Armns, from which omnibuses run to the city, &c., every five minutes. Terms £1 per week. which includes attendance. Address B., aIr. Seale's, statloner, Portland-place. St. John's-wood. TPO PHOTOGRAPHERS.-WANTED, ia GLASS JL ROOM, not less than 26 feet in length, with the usual oonveni- ences for photographlc purposes. Apply by letter. statia ftull partlen. lars to A B . , 7 , Qu een's lead.passage, Newgate-street, B .C. (HAMBERS.-Spring-gardens.-To be LET, a de- C siableBEP forabacheler's resddence, comprisiog large settinig room, overlooking Trafalgarsquare, bed room, lobby; water-closet, nnder ore key, newly decorated, with superior attendance. ApDly to the housekoeper. 3, SPrIg-ggrdsu ( FFICES to be LET, at 63, Adelaide-street, Charing- croess, FFICES, near the Bank, to be LET-two good 2rooms on ground floor, for £30 per annum : two on first floor, for Los two on s econd finr, for £50. Apply to DIrsm. lobinsoe, 1i 'Union-court, Old Broad-street, cltv, TAW.-To be LET, FURNISHED OFFICES, on L the gromud floor, near Blooamburysqnare and the new pot-ofce, Holbom. Apply to Mur. Finni, house agent, 65, Great Russell street, Bloomebury:. CITY OFFICES, Farnished, to be LET, close to the RoWal Exchange, consLsting of two rooms on the seond floor, fitted up as a private room and clerk's offiee . Rent £52 1Cr. per annu. Apply at 7, Pope's HE.-alley, Cprnhili T o MERCHALqTS, Stockbrokers, and others.-- JLSuperior CITYf OFFICES to be LET, 25, Poultry, ne-ar the Manalon houge, andl13, Greabain-street,GulIdhalL. Apply on thapeprelsas; or to Paltmer and (lo.. 13, Gresbam-strett. Guitdhall. WATER MILL WANTED, fromn 10 toG60 miles Wfrona town, and near a railroad or canat p,eferred. Addrens W. N,. cave of Mr. Blagdon. stationeril. Msar, iebonuAA.e. Oxford st. B)REWERY WNANTBID, in the countrv, 10 or 15 .LPquarter plant, wvith or without ma:tings. Descrilpive p3rtlcnlsi-s to Air. Thomas Harris, cossuitieg brewtr and brewery agent, 32, Worth-bank. St. John's-wood. London. ALADY andj her SISTER wish to meet with ai Aamall HOUSE and SHOP. in the neighbourhood if London. suitable to a fancy business Rent 'moderate. - LB. ML, 5L, Mllduayatreeit, Ball's-pond-roatd, N. (FREEHOLD.-WANTED, to PUR(-CIASEa .L' PLOT. about 20 acres or thereAbs)ut', withIn 10 ir 12 milca of londo-, near a railway station preferred. Address by letter only to 0. Oole, Esq., c&re of 54r. tlcroggie, stationer, 1, S=oes-end, Borough. T O Ld.NDLORI)S.-WANTED, a HOUSE and .LSHOP, with rooary frontage, for a brokcer, within one mile of Covent-gardeD. Address by letter only, st%tlo g where situate, rent, and taxes. to ri. P., 5. Fountain-court, btraud. HOUSE.-WEEKLY HOUSE WAN TED, rat 7a JLXPer weekr, containinig four or five roo-ms. In a reepeotable neighbossrhood, within three miles or the General Post officle. Apply, with full partirslars. to A.B.. 4. Melville-terrace. So,sth st-eat. (;rseewIab. HOUSE.-WANTEDo, to PURCHASE, a live or Hix-moomd HOUSE, surrey-side preferred. nm mere thaLn thros snileifromo London-bzidge having about 20 years lessa to run. Adidresr stating prlce,grond rent fr any, to B.W. V., caSre of Ailr. Hott, Btationer, Densns.k-p'ace. Cambirweli. 1STATES and COUNTRY HOUSES.-Post Free-. V f-,fWrW.0AOAR1LNY`s LIST~of land ed ostates. ,nd oountiryhovrDi furnished, unturnlebed,or for Wae, forwarded pot fres on applicat.ion. -Aentlon and land offices 8, Regent-street, Waterl'o-plac,r. i?STATE WA TBD, to RENT, wvith option of E = Iprcase -180 to HO0 acres, with email centlemanly esidenoe, mustn In agoad hunting cauntry, Warwirk shire preferzed. Address F., Ran,, care of MIr, W. A. Oakley, Auctioneer and laud agent, 8, RteiGnt-atreet, Waterloo-Dlace. AHOUr3 WANTED, within 12 miles of London, Iln an oPen and resPectable sItuation, contaiuing dining, drawing, and six bed rooms, in good rPair, and with immediate pogesesloa, IRent not exceeding £4 per annum. Address B., Post office, West Mailing, Kent. T ARGE HOUE .WANTED,in. its own grounds, L.dmutblefora pivte stalIsmen, wthlarge reception and at leas 20bedroos, esles srvats'roos, tabinr, coach-houses, &a., wit an quntiy o lnd,witin 6 mles01London. near a railway statun,Partculrs o F,Q~,Mesrs. ashandTeutea's, Saville-pas- PAMWANTED.-A gent-loman wishes to RENI' a'obout 200 acres, with good family residence. 'The land must be good wish suitable buloings, near a station), riot very far from London, andf lately farmed by a gcentleman preferred. PUll Datlcuisys to P. . poet-offise. 8, Park-street, Oassd-u-to,en. J~ACTORY WANTED without steam power, in 12teneIghbourhood of Bunillro,Bethual-green, or sipitalfields; suIabl fo te mnufctre f fines and triemmings. -"has contain Barnard,Rorthl,adC,16,hapde 1JED1CL-WNED 'mmdately, a -NOWship in one),byaaredMDM.,..Ein.anLcntteI Midwifery, ae3,i rna odn n hc ol euea n rome of between £40 n 5£0 a year, Te sads-rierhsadcsiderable! experienc asageneral practitioner. NoebtpIcpl treated with. Add s .5.. S, Albemarle-street,Picdly D ESIDENCE WANTED, to RENT, with~~15in 10 cludngeeraut' ad thee rceptonAroms tst andurfo thluree or more hrses, ood grdens,and apaddocdesiabe Hlgh aiturationm indisREGsa TEo fossrso rWequreda Obonlrtgas neait. Ren fom tlie o nto£1o0. prarticular an,atonersent to r. care, a bfeMr.d,bfhe, on0ap tT POatSeS n are L Waon T eq ED, in FhiB sbnry, thereturnsofnw , arendtle toan, fopr icpation, frdomnte haf-quWaryear,and ahrst margea pronentsownryan fresme£3 terod£2. Prishvn osste in Itheseploalities may onde ApplIctio to MT. Orewad' estate agkbnency4 Office-s,trelet,Rypaed Finobsuary-ae eanterqurmnso mor tan28faIlesown cEAnn,otatrh moment be suItedfi MLg., to nd GOANhhouGe Auc tionersstaetale Agent90gies.an VAplues to Edgeware-ad repetful norhi the FA uts thtte L -l IDG IO and Lo 76,PicadllX opoIte 3 Murlnto Hrouste, assenbasithe alteations i iL EGSERfrtcobr containing35ars ApytoM.J aBdesciptiv Guleginee nmrPouspatcsadprnrhp ae a be had,AON DA EfEree,Yonap-` AL practie, andPearmons, reuied athet ahristms thomies rturnsof theich are noth lesstha £800at pereanonum.n n ofr patclars appyer tn anyeel large prvincial tow, atrrthe-w s,amepeio. ff~Ob E on LEASEe 25,;,~i Him redth ition-sur,a .1e bomoagnd uibusD esLLrmng amostdeandab au0 bac, depanr 2 ,wde..Rtg Apely atou. bAll u. obne,4 Oqranor~.Rgen-street, e irsur. 0TI be LET, on LeAsE, fory smines wiest oaLndonr,a TAVRT2-,ms withStalin, wosith beth room wllu;ed largengarden,r-gatory mes fomh-os.andon twoarthe stablen. Rentmake Htguneashe Applro. mr.s 0. Browin, housesagent W tof thepf,Webt-ed,whvrl gramnt asmis,o. ltO bhem Loa enatatw t the AmSdrtern of XIRIDper andua repetaleVBRTheXmagstrate mlest fro the bo enus de Svrotatght, ine Keunt, conalluiniangd3 acbres Applers to Mr.d Annually, Glen Otil, ousem and Prfemises,t at Bathe aboto about twor milsuromther carity oflatBan,rd wth vimediathe posmsessionPlPeroparIcularstappl to Cotterei eOnd Spaeeina, W,sTmgerrc-walk, Bambth. uy 1T0 be LET,F anReight-roome seidtahed HOar acommo .Inan textensvriu s-suae, mersview withiNne fvaley.iThes wahofs cothebats ainl,drawinge,famng brakmost dsroablste twoldermerwi22 front adback ee garden). Rihent£15 per hanUm A4pplt y a et 9. Sn.ea PetBe'. fail. ou besLt, ind Loove-lande,b Eoasehandfoi ate spacious E6 WrEHOrg uSE,r wit sfirt-ad rdater,countighouswe,l itted u wit maognydek and fadc.hSire-proo sfe;u als ra slePruing froome adjoining Vandvey conveniene goadWn rheladvautAlso Tof Hous..Ieso, with tue N.Bust Aoe 21OX-o and 2 Loe-abneg gortod holratobt-js pti T0 be DISPObySED Ors. Wlab and iALE, MANTFAVEIN,INel-frequntd FAMLO HOTIESS and NrtaILWAY. witha oo cotnextng,Th Posting end Flyarge landorggarodeons, an, 2t mieseyfaiiy rofondon nxearite stratio. IFor marketr patiownlaTh promisessb lretnow inr posesiono the f oreehlnder,awho will grantaleaseo l the toSaOtEnan at wIll,diatethe m eate rex nt of £180 ers annume aboh ichema beic hrasl ocdh ndbyrtetig lthe buspinessr iso thigl repectable ofthe magitrae ee yttehoUIse1 every no fortngt The ountye balleauit and Lothrdnes r edanal,wt te sources o profit,which ma begaty incrsea-siedb perruetva. Addresis and pirt trde.ImmeIat p ofessonma benthadyteakin thew furnIture nd effcts ata valution l bout tt,0. Frfurthe patatloern- Mount-estreet,iWstminster-od, toaDSPOEOF. Surrey, bibo UI NSliinat Inmte pleatheh part 81utof the town.o TortampAtone comm Dand It anrextentsv andeUn opicuesque. Twohe rnesIs vally. Thde housetig coTh Wainbdnie drawingo, andtbre-,akdfasnturom(te two feinuner 22 feet) bDpy 1feto 6Mre. withes etrane halil 44d feetiby8neet, 95 Oinorde, house tope' room, buter's patry, store room, i ubWandteeryequsitherfor as fml,Four beetbedlroos, appyt r dresinBrom,wnd oe m areOtheom, aVst nevrf-f ailin suppen, lyosftand hrdwater, W it. elarsrdgr de ad YMd IS-,Ths, w rigbefoun anrae ppotuitymferateocu-i Taryof aIos.-nexcllntain rthadanitagea afofdea town Presdec with, thiefl beatesoy countrpryctseat Prien £110o prc yne-ar.fT viewt appl mtio Mr.uThts. DADkley.poisYLeres-6Marke-squre, Northaptn .Acoch-houSeTan atahdo for GGtwoThorses, 'T~OPbeT LU Nsfo DISPOSED OF,a W oLESAL Mstadyr -y EigAht-roomed h BOOT atnt deSmte BSitEaSe inanoenNortthaptopoa withrb abread twonwiea frmthe wa y.L0rehoseislargead commodious,tand dres by letter 2 r. Williamdstrn, N,Prln-pae.e Kn-o rj0 JEWESELERSSand othVersMI SAT beO T.DSPOERSBILED P.lmeltoel,ANSFeRe"Dn BUSINESS in the. shoetine, hc hsbe carriemfogo dw onh thllestliatedpRoretrfrms tex posl slent Bo fin xtneurene of hsdath.i Pausto partclr ;ma beuiehd. onl yletrol thepeIe,6 owbeth-"cd, St rchand.s s. 2,ra olg fittngsof rsrbn S O L.An leady duresrey tme wi thb ol oa Imdane -ur,hopenrn for a LADIES' Fm ime OH imortnt Rent of house t andlo withev,ery. AParIcua and desriptio row house, rgent, rates,taes.ft p.c., 1 DISTAILLERS and RECTFIES.L-ToS.Me wel Hlmarfes DIsinsRucedt DISMOSES OFin Ald-eraastbiaedt BUSIitn wrsets ane exieplaent opning uthe rent IsfasilY masdene stbyleting, Othe vO.alualseleae.sock, xtuee, and furnitsureuwill amopntrto£60.i andmd oye pply to Mr.H l e,ta e va e Dand auction era, 1 , Oxodsreet, & Oporuniy nw ffes, ourmils romtow,Acaitald SOPuty rr~o CHYMISTS, Drggists, and nneal Pvacuti-n .3, lones..Anexsllnt oporunit Isaffoded to arty dulyh rr¶ BREWERS and others.-To be SOLD, a capital TFREEHIOLD old-established COMMERCIAL IN-N. with a compactsix-uartr bewer plat, s., omplte.witls mnalt offires attaced,abot 1 qurtes seep wih god altad store rooms. The premsesarein apial epai, nw I ful tadeandl working order. of araslay tatin 1 mils frm Lndon Fo furherparticulars Strand. London. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Adau-trot mo BOOIKSELLERS, Printers, Staticners, and T others.-The, llUSINFSS of a BOOKSELLER Printer, Btookbinde.r, and Stationer. situate in the centre cf a tow,n of shouit 25,000 inhabitants, in one of the nosthern counties, where it bar been carried on pwads f 1 yers,is ow ebeISP)BED OF, the proprietor rfl0 GROCERS, Tallow Chandlers, andI ProN-ision .1 Dealers.-Peterborough.-T be LET.wihmeitOO'in In the centre of the market-place of the rapidly rising town of Peterborou4b, a very commnodious SHOP, w itoit tnsive Premises, where the business of a wholesale and retail grocery, hebesemougery, ina tallow chandisry buaimees has been successfuilly carried on for uronrs than half-a-century, The returns of the tenent whose lease has terminated were upwards sf £15,110 per anun,rs, The above is one of the miost eligible situations ever offered to the p-abllc. Armpiy either tos Mr. Peter Broad, 28, Poultry, London ; C, Roberta. grocer, Bournt; or Win. White. Sheep-market, Spalding. mo ENGINEERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, a comT pact ENGINEER's ESTABLISHMENT, at the west endi of L,oadon. establIsed -btunt se-en Yea4.' having a v-si restation for wood and stne sawinig machinery, and fog general wrork. The promises comlprise a briok-built fact-ory of two floors, each 10 feet by"5 feet, shed, four-tall stable and left, large yard with caeway entranoe, manager's or foremnan's dwelling, and a tbrte-roonie,I co!tage, used as en offlce, Rent £110 per anusom. The mnachinery and semis inrlsido t.o self-actingcre-atn lathes. surfacing lathe, three slideo lathes, self acting planing machine, driilling muachine, EC-owing machine, six: horsle steam engine and boiler, two forge,-, bellow anid ts an excellent assortment of patterns. anud every reqasirte for tIre business, About £1,000 will be required. Por firrtherPatclr apply to Messr. Puler and Horsey, Bhiulter-street, Eo.C ToSTATtONERS and BOOKSELLERS.-A first- TOclass BUSINESS to be DIS3POiSED OF at the west end. None need aPppIr wbo cannot command £1,660. hirec or apply to Mr. Holms'e, 195, Oxford-street. TPO0 BUILDERS, Contractors anLd others requiring Aextensive p reniles.-To be LE I, at a low rental, the whole Olt p&ar ot extensive PREMISES with eight-roomned house, within a, quarter of a mile of the city. ApplY 22, Daoke-etreet, S3tamford-street. Of sheand hPIRIT MERCHANWT&.-To be of illJ1-health o rpitr IEmdSII UIES In anmartettown, in the coti tyof Blerks. APply to Messrs.Billlag, snotloneera and Agents, Wallingford. r bobeDISPOSED OF, aGkROCk nBUSIVRBSS. T Etaoblsbod sevenFaew. Neat shopand fixtureis, nagood nih bourood.No rasOnbleoffr refused If taken immediately. n(Good' resate, for leaving. Address to Mre. Andrews, grooer, 57, Tottenhasn4 court-road. rOCELYMISTS arid DRUGGISTS.-An exo",lent TOopportumlt.-To be LET or SOLD, te the alghe treet, Sutton, a capital oommsn Ing SHOP and PRIEMISLES, with moderni plate-glans front, No chymlstin the plaze. Apply to Mleters. Potter, bulidezr, Sutton, Surrey,. S. rTPO OUTLERS.-A BUSINES for ISOAL, J. on Advantageous terms, established many yearsa at od The twock required to be takeu la very low, and the ren oeae The business Is vell adapted for a working cut'er,wihasllcpt. Apply to Mr. J. G. Betterls, law etationer, Grove-stet xod T DEA.LERS in FALNCY GOODS n thr. TOne Milo from the City,- To be DISPOSED OF, the TRADE of a FANCY REPIOSITORY. Well eztablisebd. The returns are good and may be entered upon forX£18. Apply to Mr. Page, valuer &an auctioneer. 5, Coleman-stroet, f§10 FAN CY STATION ERS and r the-rs.-Brompr JL -7 o be SOLD), the TRADE of a FANC Y STATIOIIERt0anc4 Dealer In Francy Goode. The returns are increasing, The house la modern, and may be entered upon for about £E155. Apply to Mg, Page, valuer and auctioneer, B, Colemnan-street. rTOCOOKS and CONFPECTIONERS.-To be SuLD, T an old established BUSINESSa In the above line, in a good aitna,. tion, with erery convenience for carr Ing on the name. Flor terms and Particulars apply to Mr. McD)ousM', house agent, ,41, Baker-treet., Portman-square, W. rrO MEMBERS of £IUILDIN(* 6OCIE7TIES anti AL otherm-Ellgible Jnvoetttent.-To be SOLD), to pay a good peM centagre, a DWELLINIG HOUSE, situate in Caveudish-strest, Oarlton. road, Kesatish-town. Long lease and ground-ren3t moderate. For peed ticulars apply in M-r. S. H. SadIM.M 11 Church-street Paddington. O TALORSand TRIMMING KSELLERW.-Iha TLEABE ofHOUSE, Shop, and Stock, Int the above line to he DISP'OSED OF. established 12 Years. the present Proprietor giving np business from ill health. Apply to Ur. Churchyard, talor, Pav,melr, C apham-common. TOCOiNTRAOTORS, Wharflngers. and others.- TThe valuable LEASE Of An eriensive W H IRF House and Prad misee, situate en the Paddlngton-baeln, will be DISPOSIlI) OW bg Private contract. Addresg, for further particulars, A. R.. 52. Blgkgs treet. Csamen-town. N.W. Nr ORWOOD.-To be LET 'Frnished, a BeeMi'de. J1. tached VILLA, five mitnutes' walk from the railway, station, ooataIning three eitting and four bed sooms, kitchen, large garden. grco, hard andl soft water If taken for the winter munths, rent very mode, rate, Addrees or apply MLS.. Mir. tiabint's ranry reroitory, NTorwood.. 1)RVHONSH.KE-To 0be LDo LETnel rnhe,a a gentblemands gBienteel wEiDhtreaitnE, suiabe frasal al maing upo sfix eds . GB,edtabi guinea per wekarnd uisa o E,CB. Mr. Smacith's, staictionr, Piooltale.Brgtn ~~EYONSHIRE.-To be SOLD thr LneT nFmtei,edal ruFurLsh, thea PRORY -iThnto mies fPyot a gentlema' rentsidne wit thngree sitig,see omrtbed n hree tgrooms, eoelaoffics do God tabllng, kitchenan toBA.C.LYS drW e solcitr, Plymougth. on wrer aden A be BO?KLD, N .S UARembege.ii.HOaS de anh d TWVr Oa) .LPWOERKbuilt b teow bet LEThi onwES,ihn Ocptone minniare' walde ofnth squrare.ote Tis Ies a dgooD upporttnityfo any pesone withing o commenc Ubusymoiness dintisg aneIborhwnoods, ppy th O, Mount-row. all'oRefloor. eenearl& e aromsonton- e LEarst,rougort Gas lat o inteDr. months sor e longeur,amostrcomfortibled and hanl,drawneg Urci,andSHrestbe R room.CE nmoanteingtree roeoesio n 1.e Icroomg exc s.ellentgaues tals c-uee fligarde ors, and pa ok. answred.rY Wpen toCa Sbas.Gretn,Yroth, orfolk.cnvni wit eeryaeveneno cntinng ou sitig ad eve bd ooms.nw Trst jmodSate or taken feeord tor 1e moudwths ceartain Applyton azrb Clmn,adDrover, esJtadte gnt4 A ,fM o Westerntroad, Hontanin SOLDn-I No. 1b5u thPeambrlstgabia, aodt-ahosseg FaEdIIorLT PiUsE, buil byther patowlnern fordhs tow occupheatio, withlyarg gMrd. and carihVesaeage ote nc P ombldgesa, cont-rain, lahandsom enrac Oal iRary morIng, dinine anm aingurom,s it cnervtato lado.D.Fnt' mt osmn grtes itted in ail,drawingc raom andlargst ed rom. ffies vry cmplte. ,wler,t LET osi LASE, No. 4, PEMB edGae poILLASo, a00i-d lache, conainig hansomewel-ropotoed dinig thebropyo anh)) effies,gaslaidon n hsemet ad hll. e Hlopaere and p-ards,tod thogot aden beck and front, ARESIDE LC, Cel-dphana.d torbe To b LET,nin ain well HihP-r,mtery adetacedy 1c0nSe,fore any 44 perid cnarnums Alargoe dining, andthdrawin roms, breakfmaslrt ro2m, fiv bd rnpooms drsing Groomai., goodbdrnestemost beautcofch house twurousal sotals with two~ livin e rooms foer arn tow. For fullndfo particularsad ad to vigew apply oUMr.et. Satrlihw sateaec ofcsPr-od U A LEASE, orithe Freehhold t baSod, withbearl po.Ussession,acrub snthewetalre oEtENE Paksquitd oaaml oo&uf tediestinction:a cotann teequryoem condteniencelosor wI the -entranc lodgk. nobe Gothis conseraPtalorye, hlasuregrus beautifully, eleantd rourt,eihods, An&o a..ktcedr gorare-n all abotmfy Thr eae acres; setaeln, yeur.henst, adorinc,g pFs o u rtherrpaticular and cards t iWPl to viewss Fathereame, Papply.at . WV Wrgt'sestate agEenyoffies PaRk-road, ccaphigam. S. ,fto FRErw stust HWLtRa, fv minsklw autes' wal lkro them the. Stafr ttion- of be LET oalRESIDENcE, sla n with iibe, thode ad-g dvawntg,O dining wandr morrninget rouoms, libar, killtchn ocullrer Re, wthemt conbstautor candractrd enrounctd. b thmelale posssion, endr moeate. renut aIees verye adelightfullye siutea fon h up Inf an hill,, Inqui vrehonuth pemises, nearU eathe hurch Dandmutablirg; rd 17. Bebl d-crosssquarr caty. Aloanufaeuinght-roomedHousey and garen, tp Alsooed wtwater4, anede ate£w6,band a smaller ofat £ous id onfharpon. hlal,b Grove lane Cambrwlth e moilAst beatflY and Msalubriousr soot Parseeye. 13, BUtton-street, cot. ak AT STER~G-TToRbe,SL Reget'sprh Toi bie iCZa', the west cornderf Park-square,neesmandMr the dressed gardens o thew asquaretandethencousueothene ecent e park,IU Thehosdein wI rcapital orer, heavingo bee aey elega intly reforatd andis ownaocvtee fors smallee faomiy the lewnd,ase is fir seve yheas Rnienite,_inptulr tablffies,15. Thje nueaerWU teantwll e reqire o payio ofor the litires5 PraefF tr t uFto.Fr particulars and cards to viewapyt,esswose.5.Fl-rl FREEHM. . . oLD,RUctr PEItnsE, oneusrsinE and aEa. oftw tin,5011ituraHastingst Ha Mess Geg1 anfe minutes' wlkct S,~ Anth SrTfordrSaotIonoftheet NortndWonorw mcheailwaye, adthte, advnaeofree wali ter.68 cArdriage to London. Th ulig,wrbaeo temssUbsTI antildaatr eeeetdb theA tatENC JoFIhn Tukr Aeq. unt-atfewears sinerkanecomprie, the sLTeamG flurd mill F gra narWt, waffrdeho d encglosedyads cattlesheds and -tniveonhlenioand are ad6 mirably adpostedn ofo any marnuactriny besintasu purtheysare wmlayp pled withtO wattheran laret wthin a qulartern of n thour'st r-ideofMar tae-s. S-or furhe paruticulanvntrsiapl tor aMenstrs.tsioer and strvey.t, Bilierkee-euare, W.C LFAST ANG .-T b isOL winthmrucrdi poe. f- slo, byt ceder of the Asineest ApMl. Fancbis Smfitha,1,bMoker,a banrupt, a cpialFAIe MNSOy,hadsmey urised in shelteredfrmthed east mid,adi for th eas ta im medat rentpio of a resp etable faiy.I oonan nin bed roomsl, dining larrn 2feet4 inehesl bwith fieDlt,09d drawing room,I feetl4 inchvin byo7ofet liobrary breakas room, hous ekeepers roomo, and rll rausite does-p tiom ofies.nThe psurchaserawihaed ktcheOpin, of. Takn dcrthen aproprw telfurniture te an vaution Forf pleartIcular an cArds to viewar- Arber,esutat gn. s n-treet, Berkeley-sqar, o u,ETI Grne. 5,Eo PROPETY ofever Desrpin ntw O N RY conRy.-DEN Artl beobtie with the LEAstF posil dea, arond rn.on n,o the mst atisatr t SErS. inre Gaendovauatins Inveto Prties I rs ad,xnt obtatin-',ad vaprncs hOnlpropertypforcaleo byauthion-e offices, 1, Mount-sel ere stet ekley-square,.W lTeARl-gtNeet.- lastnicteAdber is Rnstructed tooLET2i .Ldoslnb E ILDENCE,O sutables torau lad Yearan, atagorsmal fatly unib ateerJl net Apply agat hi ftor , Mount'sre~B stet e rkelsy-squase B RjTsinntxeteNMrtorScEis InstriuctdoL3yETr, at gon et OfA mot dY lal RESIDE' C fra mllfmiy having thlxmbd om r argo entans-hll ithfieplce,god dnig rom,dobleOs-wig rom room, ervanr'hal, anddetachd kithen, ro,oThe deortin are stabling and farm-buildings, and about 9o acres o-f laud, with the escli'r,ve sho3ting over the estate of about 800 acres. which affords gre %, facWtiia for rearing and presersing game. The roll iesdry, and the lo. coilty very picturesique. It would be painted and Daree to suit the taste of a tenaint. Cards to view and terms from Mr. Arher, estate agent, 1, IMount-street, Berkeley-square, IYPrivate Contract,ams eial REODETT,o expande in making itpefcwihntelstoyer,Egbl placed In pleasue groud,nsisprofaut10ce,hns omely timbered, aud cmadgexnse Sot bastiful views.. About half the estate is intrvnfodad. ross which a hand. somae anud inmprovinsg incm idevd,adteriu is let to good tenants on leases at loset.Teudltr maestr of the pro' Perty, inter-seeted by stem,rnes Itwladpefr the Dressers.- tin f ame,wthwhc tIswlsoce:ana as a whotle it affords umotn datagee sareietaprrt.whlago.rtuns Offered for capital invetd ossls ftemnin ak u 5"Oting, with a smalfen,cldbhaoccmetnofheur c awe, and the approprit furniture migh t letaten a auto. if desired. A plan of the propertyl may be Inspected, n atcir Obtained ofUISv Arber, e state ag gent. 1 , Moont-st,eet, BeklyB ,ae TI ERN&-HILL, Surrey. Elegant Residence, WlttS JLI. Stabling, I'leasu Grouruds, Vegetable CGardens, COnserratory,, Grapery Meisrn-pIrs, and about three acres of Land, part Freeho)dt and pat Ivzebold for 17 years with early Yp.setesslou.-Toplis, Son., and Harding are instructed by the Executesofm h lt Win. E-ering. tOn, Beqg., to SELL a miost desirble RESIDRINCE, in this favreedt and delightful locality, u,rected from elegant designs, after the moetb chaste and appsroved style, and under the ssrperinlendenca, of ani emi. nent architect, regardless of expense. The interior is replete witb everY comfort aLnd convenlenre, Is elaborately decorated, and in the moet peirfect state of both subistantial and ornamental repair, The grounds, of about an acre andl a hatlf, are sheltered from public obaerva, tio b'ye el---eratimbterir,sd laidnt wishbgresataste Insloping lan, stdded with perrorree of flowers, and planted with chboe Young and thriving shrubs. The sabded walks are of considerable ex-. tenit. and lead 10 and surround the meadlow land, of about three ares,. productive vegetable gardens, melon groundls, grapery with vines In fssll beartrc, forcIng-pits, farm-buildings, do. lbse st-able and co*oh. hours are In a oarresponding style of amohirectare wlch the reidence. and ab'nudantiy supplied with water. The whole of the property is of! the most perfect ciiaracter, commanding uninterrupte'd pruefpets osf gret extent and beauty, near a church, and within half anu bour's ride, from the centro of the metropolis. Particulars and O&rds to vsew may be obtained at the oflfse of Messms Toplis, Son, and E[apdbag, VI, Sit. Paul's churchliard, E.C.
AfONY-.MARKEOaITYIDGT LLISJNCB wederisday Evening. The funds show undiminished firmness? and, although the highest qaotation reached during the day has not been maintained, the market closes at an advance of an eighth as compared with yesterday. Cnsols for money, which left off last evening at 88 .o, i, opened at 88g to 4, and were firm at fhat unprovement for some time. But, although the public continued to buy largely, the rise led to some Speculative realizations, and a reaction took place to 884 to -,. For the 10th of November they touched 89, and closed at 88-. Bank Stock was quoted 212 to 214; Reduced, 871 to J ; New Three 1.er Cents., 87i to 4; India Stock, 207 to 210; India Bonds, 30s. to 20s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 15s. to los. discount. In the Stock-Exchange money is still in good supply for loans on Government securities at from 5to & per cent., although it is believed several considera le sums have been taken out on stock temporarily delivered for the purpose, and which will ultimately have to be replaced-a circumstance favourable to the prospects of the market. At the Bank of England to-day, and out of doors, there was an ablence of presstre. I'creign stocks have been firm, with limited business. Turkish slightly advanced in the morning, but afterwards receded, and closed the same as yesterday. Brazilian Fiveper Cents. were negotiated at 994; Mexican, for the account, 19i ; Spanish, 401t and I ; Turkish Six per Cents., 88 and 87i; for the account, 8, , 57, i,and 88; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 98; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 97. The corn-market was dull this morning at former rates. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 75c. for money and 66f. 0c. for the end of the month, showing a dull market, but no material alteration. At Yienna there has been a renewed tendency to depression. The Ph(bnician has arrived from Australia with 10,600 sovereigns and 77oz. of gold. The advance in the Bank rate to 8 per cent. aeems greatly to have ohecked the exportation of gold to New York. The Arago, from Southampton to-day, has taken out 30,0001. from France, but only 7,5001. from England, while the total by the City of Baltimore from Liverpool is only 8,2001. It was intended to send 20,0001. bythe latter vessel, but the Bank movement caused the principal portion to be countermanded. The quantity of goods being forwarded is very small, and this fact will tend to improve the American exchanges. The India Company have given notice to-day of a further rise of 4 per cent. in their rate for bills on India. On Bengal aud MIadras it will now be 2s. 2d., and on Bombay 2s. 245d. This will meet the recent movements of the Bank, and totally preclude al applications, the object of the Company being evidently to avoid trenching in any way upon the financial resources of the local Government. The measure wiUl not produce any new effect of a serious kind on this side, the amounts lately drawn by the India House under the previous rates having been comparatively insignificant. AAnother touch of enlightenment on the accommotion bil system was given to the public yesterday in the Bankruptcy Court. Messrs. Sadgrove and Ragg, upholsterers of Finsbury, came up for their certificate. Their transactions had been extensive, amounting in less than three years to little short of 200,0001. and, their original capital having been below 2,0001., they had supplied their wants by the wbolesale creationi of bills, for which they obtained discount from some of those quiet gentlemen in the metropolis who, without auy ostensible occupation, employ their means in giving encouragement to traders of this description. Mr. Rsgg was the financier of the concern, and from the ability he lisplayed the public may hope to hear of him again whenever a new speculative mania shall arise. He evidently belongs to the class from whom shareholders of great companies delight to select their managers, and would probably, if his talents had found that appropriate sphere, have distinguished bimself above all rivals in the speed with which he would have dissipated the property of his constituents, and gained the usual testimonial or vote of thanks for his devotion. Biis skill in manufacturing that which some of the Birmingham currency writers would call money or its " e(juivalent " was unhesitating, and, although there was scarcely an attempt to conceal the character of his paper, his influence was such even on the suspicious iminds of capitalists that two of the fraterniity-a Mr. John More and a Mr. Stephenshad been accustomed for years to negotiate his drauahts without question as genuine trade bills at a discount of 10 per cent. In fact, his aggregate transactions with More since 1847 are alleged to have reached 200,0001. or 300,0001., but it is due to that personage to state that, although in nis simplicity he at last found himself a creditor under the estate to the extent of 2,7001., he endeavoured to retrieve his mistake by taking a preferential assignment of security,-an act of shrewdness defeated only by the *-igilance of the other creditors. Mr. Ragg seems to have kept a staff of acceptors. He admits that a Mr. Smith, of the Isle of Wig.ht, was accustomed to assume that position at the rate of Is. per hill, signing them in bundles, as if they had been G-eat Northern dividend warrants, withotit examination. " A poor man living in London" named Voodmiian, who figured as Mr. Woodman of Torquay, liz.d likewise accepted 20 bills-in fact, as many as were wanted. A Mr. Brown, of Stratford-terrace, was another agent, who not only -ave his acceptances in any amounts and at any dates, but who also authorized the nephew of Mr. Sadgrove, the senior partner, to sign in his name -a privilege the young gentleman seems to have appreciated. The foreman and two youths in the service of the firm w ere also selected for the same distinguished employment. FrederickGeorgo Jones, aged lS, with wages of 6s. per week used to accept in the n^rme of Air. Gutteridge, of Norwood, who, he wvas told, was a gentleman of independent means, biit af;?icted with paralysis. Meyers, aged 16, and in the receipt of 201. a-year, used to sign in the namle of l,radley ; and a Mrs. Mary AnneHirons, who worked for them at Ss. per week, represented a Blr. Ilironis, of o, Middleton-terrace, Maids-hill, taking her place in the monev-market under that designation as responsible for 2,0001. These are merely some of the heads of the disclosures. They were drawn out by the solicitor to the assignees to indnce the Coturt to order some fitting and severe punishment. JidgTnent, however, was deferred. it seenis to have been hinted that the opposition to the bankrupts is conducted partly at the instance of More, the discounter, and the solicitor who attended on behalf of Ragg pointed to this person as the most culpable. But, whatever may be the opinion in that respect, it is not because the most culpable man may escape his deserts the other should etcape also. Mr. Alfred Sadgrove, the nephev, who accepted bills indiscriminately in the name of Brown,-an individual whose existence is altogether questioned,-and -who is sworn to have been present while the lad Jones wvas fabricating the name of Mr. Gutteridge, will, as far as the powers of the Bankruptcy Court are concerned, also find immunity. He is nearly 22 years of age, but pleads that he was only a servant, and might have lost his place if lie had not actea as hts employers direeted. Tho Court will doubtless see in this fact another feature that gives the case extraordinary importance. It is not alone from the eircumstance that the manufacture of accommodation bills is one of the most base offences now extending throughotit English trade, fostered by a set of inoney-leiiders who alone in the long run fatten upon its proceedls, that it demands peculiar attention. Its worst point is that it -disclcses the extent to which nurseries of crime may be established thro-ugh the villany of employers. In the recent details of the Customs' robberies at Belfast it was noticed that the offender seemed to bave trained al around him into complicity with his rascality. Tl c young men and porter in his employ considered tbat the excuse that they were his servants, and b1und to obey his orders, would carry them through anything. In the same way Mr. Ragg appears, in addition to bis manufactory of fictitious payer, to have kept a manufactory of future candlidates for the hulksm. The practice of deceptions and forgeries originally adcpted at the dictation of a master is almost sure to be turned to personal account in later life. lBeginning with the system of adulteration and advancing to the higher frauds, such as have lately been exposed, it is not too much to assert that a number of our trading establishments are merely achocis of corruption for the multitude of young persons employed in them, and that to supply the place of every member of an existing dishotest firm half a dozen pupils are gra- duating who will prey upon the next generationi. The state of the law renders it difficult to crush the evil, but we can seize such opportunities as are pre. sented, and if we neglect to do so our prospects will be gloomy. The bar silver brought by the last West India packet has been sold at 61 id., showing no alteration. The Paris letters to-day state that at Angers a receiver-gncral of taxes has suspended through Bourse speculations, with a deficit in his accounts of 400,('uOl. The directors of the London, Manchester, and Foreign Warehouse Company have issued a pamphlet preparatory to their meeting to-morrow. It explains the losses of the establishment, and shows that, wvhatever may have been the errors of manager ment, many of the ex p)arte charges levelled against the board have been founded on gross misrepresentations. The new Baltic Coffee-house, constructed by Mesbrs. ANelson and Innes from the premises occcipied by the Royal British Bank, will be opened tomorrow. The subscribers consist of 325 firms. The cost of the new rooms has been provided by shares, a small company having been formed for the purpose, calltd " The Baltic Company. Limited." The nienibers are admnitted by ballot, and, owing to the increase of accommodation, the number vill now be augmented.
TRADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. SUCAR.-Therewasbutone auction of 2,165 bags Penang, that was chie,ly disposed of; good and fine brown at 40;. to 49s.; and middling to good yello Pr, at 44s. to 47s. Gd. per cwt. Privately more business has been doing, upwards of 1,100 hhds. Cuba Muscovado have been taken by the sefiners, and there have also been sold 470 boxes Havanhah, a few hundred bags of Mauritius and white Siam, and, of West India, 503 hhds. COFFEE.-The market continues flat; some trifling sales have been made privately at low prices; 360 bags native Ceylon were withdrawn from auction. RIcE and SALTrPETRE dull, and scarcely anything doing. TALLOW.-The market is firmer to-day; 56s. 9d. is paid on the spot, 5Gs. 3d. for aU the year, and 57s. for January to March. IN.ICO.-Tbe sales of indigo, which commenced on Tuesday, the 13th inst, terminated on the 20th. The quantity originally declared was 11,513 chests-viz., 9,368 chests in Catalogue A, which consisted of the following assortment: -1,763 c eats Bengal, Benares, &c.. 1,352 Oude and plant Oude, I,Gg dry leaf Madras, 1,002 Kurpahi, 5S Bimlipatam, 18 Pondicherry, 200 MIanilla, 317 fig; totsl, 9,368 chests . and 2,145 chests sundries in Catalogue B1,513 chests. Of these 5,419 chests have been wvithdraw n, leaving 6,094 chests put up. Very shortly after the conclusion of the July sale, which ended rathertamely and cheaperthan at thecommencement, the Indigo. market turned in favour of the holders, in consequ6nce of the advicesfrom India having been of a character to draw considerable speculative attention to the article, and some large purchases were made at about 3d. to 4d. per lb. above the rates of tbat sale. The value, however, rose but slowly, and until accounts were received of bad weather in Bengal, and of the chief indigo districts being in some danger from the insurrection, Gd. to 9d. per lb. represented the advance made. When, however, a subsequent mail brought intelligence of a diminution In the estimates of the crop, and that the extremely high quotations for seed endangered the prospects of the crop of 1858, holders at once asked a further advance, and the trade entering more fully into the question the market became excited, and prices quickly reacbed an advance of ls. 9d. to 2s. 3d. per lb. on the July currenoy, which was gene. raUy maintained up to nearly the eve of this sale. lhe sale opened steadlly at ls. 6d. to 2s. above July rates. but not without some misgivings as to whether the proprietors would be disposed to hold over their Indigo in the face of an increasingly stringent condition of the money-market. A good deal of firmness has nevertheless been exhibited throughout, with occasional fluctuations, and although a ratural but somiewhat marked reaction has taken place from the late extremo point, no such excessive desire has been shown to force off indigo as might have been expected under the circumstances; the sale bas, however, closed without aniimation, and rather cheaper than the earlier days, par. ticularly in good shipping qualities. A comparatively limited quantity has been soad for an October sale, but with so great an advance a fair amount of indigo has been taken, and entirely for baond fide use. The decline from the highest point may be quoted at about 6d. to 9d. per lb. on Bengal, mading the advance to average as nearly as possible is. 6d. per lb. on July. Dry leaf Madras, which had recently been forced up most extravagantly, has as severely reacted, and the advance on July. cannot be called more than about 6d. per lb.-with very little demand, and 9d. to is. below the highest point. Kurpah, on the other hand, governed by Bengal, and not very plentiful, has more nearly maintained its value, and has sold with steadiness. Bengal fig indigo, which shortly before the sale sold at Ss. to Ss. 2d., has, where offered unreservedly, realized 2s. to 2s. 6d. per lb. The B Catalogue, with goods in second hands, was mostly withdrawn, and out of the 2,145 chests declared only 400 chests found buyers in the room. The quantity sold In the room is reported as 3,697 chests, in addition to which about 400 chests of the bought-in have been sold. The home trade has bought but moderately, the export trade more freely. There has been a limited attendance of buyers, both from the country and the continent. Annexed are the particulars of qualities and price, show. ing their relative position vwith the July sale:-Bengal, Benares, &c.-Fine purple and violet, shipping, 9s. 3d. to 10a. 2d. per lb.; good to fine violet, shipping, 9s. to 9s. 6d.; middling to good ditto, shipping, Ss. Gd. to Ys., ordinary to middling ditto, shipping, 8s. 2d. to 8s. 6d; violet and copper, shipping, 7s. 9d. to 8s. 10d.-Is. Sd. to 2s. per lb. higher; good and fine home constuting qualities and defeotive shipping, 7g. 2d. to 8s. 6d.; low and ordinary, Ss. 8d. to 7s. 2d.; trash and dust, 2d. to 6s. 2d.; plant Oude, 6s. to 7s. Id.; Oude, 4s. 9d. to 5s.-ls. 3d. to ls. 6d. per lb. higher; Madras, dry leaf, good middlin- native to extra fine Vellore, 3s. 9d. to 5s. 9d.; lean low to middling, 2s. 6d. to 3s. 8d.-6d. to 9d. per lb. higher. Kurpah, imiddling to fine, 6s. 10d. to 9Ga 2d.; low to good ordinary, 3s. 8d. to 6s. 6d. ; Bimlipatam, 5s. 2d. to i7s. 3d.; lPondicherry, 9d. to Is. 5d.-is. 3d. to Is. 9d. higher ; fig, Bengal, 2s. to 2s. d.; Bombay, Is. 4d. SroCos AND l)DELIVERIS OF EAsr INDIA AND SrANas- INDIGO iN LOuDoN. IS57. 1856. 1855. 1854. Chests. Chests. Chests. Cheaet Deliveries from the 1st of January to the 20:h ins. 22,397 . 21,069 25,123, 23197 Berons. Sesons. Serens. Serons. Ditto .,306 . 2,339 .. 1,864 . 1,411 Chests. Cheats. Chests. Chests. Stock 19.60) 3. 22,798 .. 18,697 ., 25,3A Seroas. Seroes. eerone. Serong. Ditto .. .. . .. 2,093 .. 2,540 . 1,945 .. 1,857 Choets. Chests. Chests. Chest. QuantIty dec ared in 0c- tober sales .. .. .. 11,513 .. 17,637 . 12.515 ., 18,016 Quantity sola in ditto .. 4,100 .. 7,294 .. 7,EC3 . 5.0C0
PA IL WA 1 SIGNALS. TO TEIE EDITOR OF THEI TIMES. Sir,-Will you kindly permit me to draw your attention to a letter from a Mr. John Parry on railway signab, which appeared in Tne Times of the 15th inst. ? Allow me to say that the signals therein alluded to (a combination of reflectors) were those recommended and placed by me before the Great Southern and WVestern Railway Company of this country on the 9th of November, 1853; again before the London and Sonth-Western Company in England on the 10th of September, 1855; and finally transmitted to yourself on the 5th of November, 1856. Leaving you to your own conclutsions in this mater, I remain, with the greatest respect. vour obedient R^rvA^ J. D. PATERPRcf-N Ueutenant-Coloxil, o.A. Tarbert, Oct. 19.
RAILTVAY AND MINING SHARRS. Wednesday Evening. The railway-market opened buoyantly, but afterwards receded in sympathy with the funds, and closed at a reduction from the last prices of yesterday. Caledonian, however, and Eastern Counties advanced, and Berwick, Great Northern, and SouthEastern show no alteration. Great Western of Canada improved during the day, but after official hours were rather flatter. There was no variation in other Canadian descriptions or in East Indian. Towards the close of business French shares showed some weakness, owing to statements that bullion is being withdrawn from the Bank of France for shipment to New York ; Dutch Rhenish and LombardoVenetian were fractionally higher. American securities were inactive, Illinois Central slightly receded, and an improvement occurred in the shares of New York Central. The business in mines was limited, St. John del Rey, North Frances, and North Wheal Basett advanced, and a decline took place In Wheal Kitty. Joint-stock banks were quiet, and there is no change to report in prices. In miscellaneous securities the only variation was in London General Omnibus, which closed rather weaker.
?A rLWAY INTBLLIGENCE. BUFFALO AND LARK HTTRON The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. T. W. Lowell in the chair. Mr. T. SHsoRT, the chief clerk, read the notice convening the meeting. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in The Times, was taken was read. The CHSAIRMAN, in moving the adoption of the report, said he had visited Canada since the last meeting. He found the state of things generally very unsatisfactory. He believed the country was never before in a niore excited state. The exchanges were such that everything was brought to a dead lock and standstill In regard to business. There was no doubt the people in the country were too strong to be overcome by the present crisis, and that it would only require time to set matters right and enable business to proceed as usuaL He then adverted to the position of railway enterprise generaly in the United States and Canada, with a view to show that a general depression of trade existed in the country, and affected all railway property more or less. Their line was not like the Great Western of Canada Railway, which as soon as made filled up a gap between the New York railways and those to the west of Canada, and thus by force of circumstances at once Lceived a great amount of traffic. The Buffalo and flake Huron llailway was not urgently caled for to all up a gap, and thus at once obtain a large accession of traffic. It would have to obtain and establish its traffic. The basis of their trade consisted of three great lakes, and to and from these they would have a large traffic. Buffalo was at the foot of Lake Erie, and not far from Lake Ontario. Their line started from Fort Erie, opposite Buffailo, passing by Brantford, crossing the Great Western and Canada line at Paris, and the Grand Trunk Railway at Stratford, to which point it was now open. From Stratford the line was in course of construction up to the town and harbour of Goderich on Lake Huron. Owing to the want of facilities for forwarding the traffic to other lnes, the revenue of the company had suffered considerably, particularly during the wnmter, but that evil wouild be obviated in future by means of a steam ferryfrom their line across the river to Buffalo, which would convey the goods and passengers in the carriages and waggons on the deck of the steamer to the railways terminating at Buffalo. No doubt was entertained of the success of this part of the undertaking, and, if successful, the plan would be followed by other railways in the States and Canada. The Great Western Railway of Canada terminated at Windsor, opposite Detroit, in the same manuer as their line terminated near Buffalo ; and it was probable the Great Western would follow their example in connecting their line with those terminating at Detroit. The distance across the river was about one mile. The cost of transshipment was very heavy -something like $1 per ton, and it was therefore necessary in every way to avoid transshipments of goods, luggage, and passengers as much as possible. It was thougEt they would have some competition with the Great Western of Canada Railway for some of the local traffic, but, on the other hand, any injury that might arise to the Great Western from that source would bo amply compensated by the exchange of through traffic with that company. About 53 miles of the northern end of their line passed through a most productive country, which was considered the garden of Western Canada. The air was bracing and salubrious, and weUl suited to English constitutions. Several men from Scotland and the north of England had settled there. On that part of their line from Gcderich to Stratford they would have no competition, but between the latter place and Buffalo they had competition. They expected to be able to fill up the gap between the terminus of their line at Fort Erie and Buffalo by means of the new steam ferry, to which he had alluded on the 15th of December next. The works on the other portion of their line, from Stratford to Goderich, were progressing, and the line would probably be opened throughout to Coderich by the end of January next. The harbour of Goderich was so advantageously situated that if they had only a smal trade to accommodate it could be done at a small cost, aud if the trade became more extensive the cost of accommodating it would be in proportion to the requirements of the traffic. He considered that they would have an excellent line, well constructed, and quite equal to the requirements of a large traffic. With regard to their future prospects he considered that their local trafiic was something similar to that of the Great Western of Canada. He found that the local goods traffle on the latter line for the first half-year it was open in 1854 averaged $515 per mile, and the first half-year the portion of the Buffalo and Lake Huron line was open the local goods traffic averaged $512 per mile. But, of course, the passenger traffic could not be compared. The local traffic on the Great Western line had quadrupled in the course of three half-years. Now, if the traffic on their line was to increase in that proportion, it would amply remunerate them. It was the opinion of experienoed men of bustness in Canada that when their line was completed, and open throughout for traffic, in the course of five years it woula increase so much they would have quite enough to do in accommodating It. There was a heatvy harve.t ia Canada, and as a large amount of the railway traffic was in grain and other produce, he thought there would be a very large business done on the railways during the approaching winter, perhaps larger than was ever lone before (hear, hear), and he trusted they would have their share of it. Mr. B'OwxE, a Canadian director, seconded the motion for the adoption of the report. He considered their undertaking a good one, the cost was not heavy, the road was good, everything was done in a more substantial way than on other lines in the country, with the exception of the Grand Trunk Railway. A great increase had taken placeia the nutmber of inhabitants in the district through which the northern portion of their line passed, and there was every probablity that their trado to the north would be-considerable. In reply to questions it was stated that there was no danger of the company becomlng owners of steamboats, but they might afflird them some assistance for one or two seasons in developing the traffic. The railway was a single track, the works, bridges, &c., were all constructed aor single, there was no provision for a double line, because they considered it impolitic to loek up money on works that wronld be unproductive and might never be required. A traffic of 601. a-mile par week could be carried on a single track. If -- double line should be required it could be made. A call of 21. 10s. per share would be made in November next. The cattle show at Brantford had increased their receipts to 3,000t. in one week, although it was believed there would not be much profit on it. The report and sta.tement of accounts were unanimously adopted; and The proceedings concluded with 'cordial votes of thanks to the English and Canadian directors, and also to the chairman for his personal visit to Canada and the information he had thus obtained for the shareholders. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVERBAMPTON. The receipts of this company, including the Stonrbridge Extension Canal for the fortnight ending October U, have been 9,4101., while those for the cor onding period of 1856 amounted to 9,5101., and the expenditure, also including that of the Stourbridge Extension Canal, 4,0634, being at the rate of 43-17 per cent.,while those for the correspond ing period of 1856 amounted to 4,7561., or at the rate of 50.01 per cent. The sum of 59,3501. being receipts for the first six fortnights of the half-year added to the 9,410. as above makes a total receipt of 68,7601.,'as against 65,1381. for the corresponding six fortnights of the previous year; and the sum of 25,9121. being expenses for the first six fortnights of the half-year, added to the 4,0631. as above, makes a total expenditure of 29,9751., being at the rate of 43.59 per cent., as against 36,4351. for the corresponding six fortnights of the previous year, or at the rate of 55.93 per cent, PEEBLES. The report of the directors of this company states that the traffic for the half-year ending the 31st of August last shows an increase of 7591. above the correspondin- half of 1856. This is principaly on the goods traffic, which has continued steadily to improve. The goods traffic for the half-year ending the 29th of February, 1856, amounted to 1,4961. ; ending the 31st of August, 1856, to 1.744. -, endIng the 2Sth of February, 1S57, to 2,0771.; and the 31st of August, 1857, to 2,4461. The goods traffic has risen from an average of 571. per week to 941. per week. The total receipts for the year ending the 31st of August last amounted to 9,4961., and for the preceding year ending the 31st of August, 1856, to 7,82S1., showing an increase on the year of 1,6681. The working expenses bave been considerably above what they were In 1856. This has been caused solely by repairs onx the engines and engine hire. The number of engines on hand proved to be inadequate for the service of the company. To prevent the locomotives from being damaged through overworking, and in order to have a spare engine on hand to meet emergencies, the directors ordered another powerful locomotive. The expenditure under locomotive power and repalrs is 6001. above either of the two preceding half-years, but the lant is reported to be now in excelent order. The cost of iocomotive power and repairs of plant Is 13-2d. nearly. In the preceding half-year it was only 7t,d. The cost of working per mile per train was 24 52d.-narnely, 3-5Sd. for permanent way, 13-18d. locomotive power and repairs of plant, 5-75d. traffic department, and 2-01d. general charges. The net profit on the half-yearly amounted to l,SS91., which, added to the balance of 6391. from last account, makes 2,5281. The half-year's interest on the debenture debt amounted to 568I., and the interest on banker's loans to 7001, leaving a balance of 1,2601. Out of this it is proposed to declare a dividend at the rate of 2 per cent. per annum, which will absorb 8571. and leave 403. The snm of 13,5401. of thenew 5 per cent. preference capital of 27,0001. authorlzed to be raised has been taken up by the shareholders, and the remainder will be offered to the public, The capital account showed that 92,4971. had been received to the 31st of August and 115,4411. expended, leaving a balance of 22,9441. against the company. The revenue account for the half.year ending the 31st of August showed 5,3431. had been received and 3,454?. expended, leaving a balance of 1,8894 BUENOS AYRES. It appears that the first section of a railway in the Argentine Provinces was publicly opened on the 29th of August with great pomp and splendour. The Governor and Ministers, bishop and clerg, and other Influential persons attended, and after the religious ceremony of blessing the engines and trains, the first trip was taken in the presence of an immense multitude, amid every demonstration of triumph and joy. The train of honour ws driven by Mr. William Bragse, C.E. The portion of the line now opened is through a diHicult country, and is the most Important part of the line of 150 miles, intended to connect the eity and port of Buenos Ayres with the great corn producing countr of Chivilcoy. The Government has voted' 40,000!. towarde the next section of 13 miles. TRAFFIC RETUJRNS. Miles Pa.- Mer- Tota<, Total, Week ending Oct. s. London and5onth-Weetern - ,. 11,203 .. 4,58s .. lSI 5,78 . 17,196 Week ending Oct. 10. Edlnburgh and Glasgow , 142 . . -. - .. 6,349 . 6,167 Scottsh North-E3stern . 115 , - ,, - , 3,271 .. 3,082 Week ending Oct 11. Great Northern .. - . 283 3. - . - .. 23,697 . 26.34 NorthDeTon .. .. .. 3 -. - 19 0 North Staffordshire' ., 233 ,, - ,, - .. 7,532 7,020 Royu Danik .. .. .. - - - 696 S8 Week ending Oct. 17. Belfastad Ballymena 6. 65 . - . - ,193 1,070 Corkand Bandon .. .. s0 336 24S Cork, Blackroek, and Paa- gsee - , - , , - , , 216 .. 176 Lanelly Railgway and Dock 3s5 - - 414 415 Waterford and Kikenny .. S1 , - - 35s 332 Week ending Oct. I&. Belfast andiCounty Down - ,, - . - ., 275 279 Great Western . . .. 4651. - . - .. 33,087 30,198 Chester and Holyheadt *0. - * - 7.001 6.724 LcndonandNorth-Westerot 637 . - - 66,564 65,789 Manchester, Sheffield. and Llncolnshire§ - . .. 1731 - , - . 11,393 I. 1O,023 Newport,Abergavenny, and Hereford .. .. .. 43 0- - ., 10 . 1.063 St. elen' .. .. .. - . - . 1,751 .. 1,555 oThe above is exclusve of trafflo due under agreemeont with the t including the earnlngs of the steamboats and of the Mold and CarnarJon brannches t l'hls return does not Include the traffic of tbe Huddemfireld Canal Sihrepihire Unen,r.Preston and Wyre, South Junctiun, and Manchester and Bnxtou RailwTaSe. § Includng half ofl the oManchestr Sounth Junction and Altrincham receipts, Grlmisbs Dock duties, &., andChesticrOeld Canal receipts.
LIVRBPOOL, Oct. 21. STox-ExcxitiAl;-The following wete the gales In the mornng:laucaahire and Yorkshire, 931 &-London and North-Western. 969Manchester, Shettield, and Liocolnshire, 3S9-? UldInnd, 82 J-Nevh. 1c'.sern (Berwiok Caspital Stock), 223-Bouth-Eastern 191--Dutett IChenisb, 4 11-16 9 diL.-Grando Trank of Canada, 109 3-16-roat West ern of CaBnada, 183- Norhr bTnion, A, 220. canhire, and Cheshire, 65-Caedonlan, 393-Eeetern Counties, 109- Linclna .JI:3S-M esmn, 0219 -orh-aser lBerwc } aia of Csnsda, 10 3-161-16-Great Western of Canaa, 1S3-. CorroNrA.Rsw:r.-The ootton-market oontinucs vey dull, and to. day's trAnsatlons do not erceed 1,600 balem-al to the trade. The medium qualities of American are Id. lovrer than on PrIday last Common cotlon is lrregnlar. Buratz have declined id.
THE BANKf RETURMS. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TlMES. Sir,-A last year's almanao, the barometrical register of last month, or Tihe Ti?es newspaper a week old, are now-adays looked upon as reading of a somewhat unprofitable character; but thoy are useful, Instructive, and intensely exciting when contrasted with the Bank returns published so long after the date they bear. The amount of bullion and the notes In reserve are looked upon as forming a sort of commercial barometer, by which merchants may, to some extent, be uided in their transactions. Under the present system their publication cannot be taken as a warning or as a gudde in any way, and therefore the mercantile community are much indebted to you for your able exposure of the practice that obtains. The question I wish to ask is what obstacle stands in the way of the publication of a daily return, which might without difficulty appear in the second editMon of every morning newspaper FPaing this, we might easily have the returns published tw/ice aweek. Just now, such informa. tion would, to some extent, prevent those violenb fluctuations so disturbing to the commercial atmosphere. Your obedient servant. A MERCECANT. City, Oct. 21.
RATLWAY ACCIDENT NEAR INCHESTER,-Yesterday morning, as the Lancashire and Yorkshire train from Southport, due in Manchester at 9.45, 'was approaching Manchester on a sharp curve at Windor.bridgo it came into collision with an unattached engine crossing the line. The driver had seen the obstruction and was tryiug to stop tho train, bult owing h tote slippery stato of the rails from a fog during the night did not succeed. The collision was not a severe one, hut it was sulfficiently violent o throw nearly all tce passengers from their seats, and many of theor received rather severe contusions about the face and head. Dr. Wood and his wife, of Southport, were passenge-s, and were sitting opposite each other In a first. class carriage. They were thrown against each other with such violence that the Doctor was rendered insensible for a time, and Mrs. Wood sustained a deep cut In the soalp of one of the temples by one of her hair combs being driven Into the flesh,and they were removed to the Clarence Hotel, Manchester, where it was found desirable to put Airs. Wood to bed, and they were attended by Dr. Harrison, medical offic6r of the company. Dr. Wood also suIstained a scalp wound, but there is no reason to believe that either of them is very seriously injured. Four or five others of the pas. sengers vvere severely bruised, and wet. attended by [Dr. Hrrison, who, with the officers of the comapany, dld all in his power to render them assistance. No limbs were fractured, and there is re~son to hope that no fatal con. sequences will result.
I ENGLAND AND THE UNITED STATZS. (From the Philadelp7ia Evening Journal.) The London Times tells the people of England that we of the United States owe them, In Amerlcan securities held on the other side of the water, 80;000,000&. or 100,000,000. sterling, and as all that immense proertyit in a failing house they had better begin at once to look out for it. We deserve this taunt. Great Britain has got the upper hand of us in everything but her dependence on us for raw cotton, and occasionally for breadstuffs, botil of which she is seeking to secure supplies of from other sources, and when she has succeeded in catting herself free from us in:those two particulars she will have us virtually under her feet. The great source of the difference of power between the two nations consists in the very opposite industrial policy they have respectively pursued, and as the present painful financial crisis in this country has arisen partly from the neglect of our industry, and the expenditure of too much of our money in the purchase of the products of foreign labour, a brief remark or twOj just now touching the subject may be opportune. From the time when England first began to enc&urage her productive energies, not only for the purpose of rendering herself independent of all other communities for the great staples of her subsistence, but with a view to make the world tributary to her aggrandizement through the revenues paid to her manufactures, she has steadily acted upon the plain common sense principle of producing hdrself the materials of her consumption, and selling to foreign mnarkets far morI than she purchases in return. It has been by persistdaily practising this sort of economy that Great Britain has achieved her commercial pre-eminence, and tha she is now able to open her ports freely to all nations without fear of competition. It was not always thus with her. There was a period when she was oblieed to adopt the severest prohibitory laws against the factonies and shipping of rival atates. She had been dependent on them for food, for apparel, and the other essential necessaries of life. Bnt she saw that this condition was inimical to her poltical afety-that it rendered her practically subject to the Powers which might reduce uier to exrmity by simply withholding from her the supplies of their workshops, and resolving, lke a prond and shrewd Government, to conquer emancipation from Bo dangerous and humiliating a condition, a process of fostering native labour and art was commenced which is unexampled for its rigorousness, perslstency, and beneficial results. From a situation of abject dependence upon the productive Ingenuity and diligence of thir neighbounr, the British people have risen to an undisputed ascendancy in commerce. and if they are able at this time to embrace in its largest latitude the policy of free-trade, the ability to do so has been conferred as the fruits of the protective restrictions which served to guard and strengthen the manufaoturing energies of the kingdom when they were weak in process of development. The United States have pursued just the opposite course, with the exception of the occasional and brief intervals in which Whig Administrations introduced a more rational system. We have abandoned our industrial interests in eir stage if infancy and rudeness to an unequal competition with the experienced and expert labour of older communities, and they have either perished or struggled along through a protracted and difiicult contest under the unnatural and ruinous antagonism of the Government. The effect is perceived in the enormous extent to which we are subsistent upon the products of foreign capital and industry- the fearful excess to which we are yearly brought in debt to foreign nations, -which may at any moment become our open and declared enemies; and the disastrous financial crises, prostrating commerce and labour with which we are frequently afflicted. The artisams of Belgium, France, and England can undersell us in our own markets, SD insignificant is the tax with which we off-set their immense mechanical advantages, and the inevitable tendency of this superiority is to discourage and utterly break down that domestic enterprise and effort in productive art which might, with the aid of a judicious measure of protection firmly persevered in for only a few years, reach a point of vigour and proficiency adequate to compete, without adventitious help of any sort, with the practised ingenuity and labour of Europe. If the tariff of 1842 had not been disturbed by visionary politicians who have been perpetually enslaving their country upon the absurd pretence of enfranchisng its trade, our industry to-day In 41 Its branches would be in a high state of prosperity, instead of being, as it is, prostrated and crippled ; and in the place of closed factories and Starving operatives, a market glutted with the fabrics of foreign laDourers, and merchants breaking under the weight of debt to foreign creditors, we should owe the world nothing, and be In an attitude to defy it ia an equal strife for commercial success. While the policy of Great Britatn is to increase the exportation of her own products, and thus augment that great source of revenue, we are continually multiplying our imports and sinking ourselves deeper and deeper into that conoion of provincial subser-nence and impoverishment which is equally mortifying to our pride and fatal to our national happiness. The exports of the united Idngdom have steadily advanced in the last six or seven years from 81,000,0001. to 120,000,0001. This is a vast and rapid expansion of commerce, and when it Is remembered that it occurred in spite of adversities which were fitted to depress trade in a most serious manner, we may infer from the fact the extraordinary stability of the prosperity of a nation whose internal wealth and industrial energies are improved and developed to the highest degree to which an enlightened political economy can carry them. The Eastern war-the most expensive by far that England has ever been engaged in-did not avail to check the activity of her manufactures; and while these can be prosecuted, with an uninterrupted access to the markets of the world, Great Britain can make neutral Powers, like the United States, pay the expenses of her armies wherover or however employed. There is a lesson in this fact which we should ponder gravely, It teaches the wisdom of a policy by which a community is enabled to maintain Itself under the most trying reverses so long as its industry is not disturbed, and, while looking to the possible exigencies of the futare, it would be well if our Government would reflect solemnly on the expediency of so building up and establishing the labouring interests of America that these States, whether in peace or in war, may possess the same substantial strength and independence which England so eminently enjoys.
T'HE CORBf MRADE CORN-EXCHANGE, MAIx-LAxZ Wzi2FsDAY. O. 21. xne uspPLY or Jlue oorn. grain, and flour thbl week Ic more mode_ rate than of late; but Of forign oate agan large, and wheat and ba. leY limited. A few Iri oats oyb have come to hand. TO-day the market Is oceodingly dul fOr everything, and with a very thin attendanco of buyers. The wheat trado Is nomially the gamo az on Monday last, and but rery little propi Is being made with whst wae left over from lai market dby, a good quantity of which lsSrior in qunUty. Barley reman In the same duU state, without any change In value. In oats there Is rery little doing at Monday's prIcea. Elour the tame aa before; the new COsadlan ia of very various quality, the finest belngw orth 34o per bIrreL Beans and peaa without change. blonr, English, £30 sacks; ditto, foroegn, 160 sacks and 100 barsets, Malt 1,ISO qrs. ~ wetherthis HULL, Ocr, 20. Thewetberthisweekhas been mail, but eoeedlgy mild for the eaon of tbe year. A great breadth of land hz been sown with wheat in the earlier diBtricts In lbe best poardble order. A finer autumn for aD kinds of agricultural labour oould warcely be desired, The arrivals of wheat and barley continne liberia; of other descrip. tVons of grain the import to only trlilbng. " The wheat trade ha a-sain ruled esxnedingly dull, and prices are stilltcending downwards, The depresion oflastweek has beenfurther augmented by the advance in the rate of discount to 8 per cent, aexd traneactlots are limited to the urgent w-ants of miller, who have been enabled to snpply themselves at a decline of ls. to is. per Quarter on the best qualtie3, whille seondary descriptlonB are altogether negleotei The tightness of the money-tmarket bas quite put a stop to general busness: orders for autumn aeipments have boen oauntermnanded. ane all partles seem determained to restrict operationg, an4 act with caution until the present disturbed condiUlonot monetay affairs ehows 6ome eymoDtom otfimprovement. At to-day's market there was a nmaU suDply of EngUsh wheat, which was taken off by millers at a decUne of is, to 2se per quarter. Foregn met fair retai tnquiry at the reduction noted during the week. 8 Ing oorn met a slow sale, at btreb 4 e rate. The folowing are the ourent quotatlon3 :-Mizllsh vbeat, old white, 62ss to 6ts. per quarter; old red, S, to 60,; neow white, SS . to 62s.; new red, 52 to 6L ; Dantele and Konigesberg. 6Os, to 6Is.- Baltic and H3amburg, 52L to 66sa; Lower Elbe and Friesland, 42s to 45s. : Danish and Holstein, 55G. to 64s. ; Petersburg and Riga, 5L to 54s,; Enifs malting barley, "s. to4s grin=du to 3is Baal an Oderbruch, Icy to t oliteiu s:ud D 363 to S7e,: grlndln &gs. to 31.; Engllih oats, 2SI, to 3fs,; new, VI' 1510, to 14(d Der stone. English beans, 'old, GSa. to 50..; new. 45s,to 45..: ~orelsts 45.,to 495.: Englsh peas, bluebreakers, 4Is. to Ss; white, 4Sa, to S; 'fore5 breake,459s. to lOs.i grinding, 43s. to 41s.; English seed tae, to*64s .: foreigz grindng, 1.. o us. Indan crn~~e 4Os; fedinglinseed, 52a.. bone., £0 it's. to £7.10 la. t £JJ [ O > 5 I L ^ > i ~~~~~~to a6 106. SHEFFIELD. Ocr. 20. We had a smaller show of wheat at o-dayg market than for morte weeks past. The bet saamples taintnOed ast week's price, but Inferior qualities whic proponderated, mold at a declin o O.2a to 3i. per rter Ealeo s.pr to rte r loer.I the insof nu = g te. Flour Id. per l4M lowe. tet IOS, Sd to 23s. per load Sf three impeitW bushe~ white, dltto, tIz. to tbs beasn I, to 21vb pesat met to OL pem quaster ; barley, ot I 3. to 42 D ; dWto for tb aIetng 43. to 17se oatso, 2&L for3~¶~ pice.for fler 2.. 2. 2&, anaI h. 4d. per itlb. The hay-market was abmdantly supp led with hay, stadw, and tridap., and lower prios woere aovepr, PriD were-Hay, $Ol . to lOe Per ton;: wheat etrw, 13.. to M5L; eat straw, 35.. to lOs turnips. 1, lO. to 12. There was an average show of eaUt1. ODWs in milk and Calf fetched 1to perrenhlea bar5dayweren ustoca, L to £t2; pigs, We. to 7her; pork, rAt BthereraD fat catule-makest ye<sterd ofthe trade In both beasts andmsheeptwasinacvand r le ratess had to be submitte to. Englsh eef,7s,Sd, oS6 Sd perstoea 14Tb. ; foreign, ?e. to 7s. 6d., At oneetr ft rtte-mrke t-da threwa a good show of beast, butonly ausal mupy sep h beet animals were readiy tod: Ohersdifficl oqitBef 7s. to 9s. per cowne; VEWCASTLE& Gar. 20. At this mortxing's market wheat met a limited demand, at ai 1es1inD of Is. to 2s, per quarter on the wreek, In other grain no alteratIou. At the cattle-market to-day the trae in beset was dstedy, at lirmer rates. Sheep in slow demand, akt id. per pound declie. P'ig told alowly, and prices were lower, pant remaining unsold, DUBLDg, Ocr. I0 There wa3 a small supPLy Of all kinds Of grain at maarket to-day. The currencies of Friday were generally supported, and rather higher rates were realized for the best qualities of feeding Oats. Indian corn met a ver slew demand, at late auotations. TnE BlAyOrALTY OF MANCHESTER.-MX. IVi Mackie, of the well.known firm of 'indlater and Macide, wine and spirit merchants, has received a memoril igned by 54 of the town-connWllors of Manchester, reanosting hlm to become Mayor at the approaching election in Tiovember. It is understood that Mr. Maclde wo zapt the invitation, so unanlnonu a requiition having on no previous occasion been adopted. ThAre is reason to beleve that Mr. Mackoe ril be one of the raost popuLar Mayors that Manchester has chosen to filU the offlice dnce its charter of Inoorporation was obtained.
ZONDOX, THURSDA 7, OCTOBEB 22, 1857. It must be confessed that England is not just now In the pleasantest vein about her Indian affairs. To the best of our knowledge there has hardly yet heen v* jest or the slighteat play of fancy upon them. Happily, however, for the interests of true genius, there are nations so remote and so disinterested as not to have lost the equality of their temper or the brilliancy of their imagination oni a subject which certainly has some gloomy features. If the lion and the tiger choose to comne in deadly collision, it is but natural that the rest of the world should take their seats in the amphitheatre, and even choose sides. As a matter of course, too, they will speculate on the results more calmly and collectedly than is possible to the belligerents. Our old friend, the Ir.alide Russe, that first became known to the majority of Englishmen on the occasion of our late difference with its master, iS taking a highly philosophical and comprehensive view of the Indian question. Yith what we thought modesty, with a feeling of disappointment, and with a safe estimate of the task before us, we have lately admitted that we had, in fact, to' " reconquer India." The Invalide, however, is disposed to be safer still in its anticipations, and is not quite so sure that we shall reconquer India, though certainly India at this moment is no lornger ours. But, begging our pardon, the ImvalWie corrects itself, and, merely for the sake of historical accuracy, intimates that what we have to do is not to reconquer India, but to conquer it. We did not get India by corquest, it observes ; we cheated it out of its territory and its liberties by the arts of diplomacy; we purchased provinces; we corrupted Courts; we bought out Princes. In one way or another, but not so much by fair means as by foul, we managed to sack that splendid empire, and get somewhere about a fifth part of the vwhole human race to enter our service. We bought them all up bit by bit, as a landowner buys a farm here and a cottage there. It was all done by lawyers and bailiffs, aided by a long purse, and not disposed to regard indigenous prejudices when. found -to stand in their way. We found the poor simpletons quarrelling with one another, and took that advantage wbich the Invalide supposes to be invariably taken in such cases. It is true we have hbad able Generals and valiant armies in India, though our Russian contemporary appears to. be at a loss for their actual achievements. We have also earned plentiful laurels; but the work has not been done by them. So much for the past. As for the present crisis, our generous contemporary warns us that there are no longer great Sovereigns to be subsidized or States to be set gne against another. We have, in fact, spoilt our market. We must now subdue with the scourge the runaway slave whom we bought with our dollars. In other words, we have now to conquer India,-to conquer it for the first time, for we did not conquer it before. Notwithstanding the almost morbid ingenuity of the Involide, it has left us in the dark as to the precise object of its denial. In the face of such undeniable fighting as there was at Plassey, at Assaye, at Seringapatara, at Bhurtpore, at Laswaree; in the face of that first war il Burmah, the survivors of which are so few, and that second, which had its difficulties; in the face of our sufferings and vengeance in Affghanistan, our achievements in Scinde and Gwalior, the battles of Moodkee, Ferezeshah, Aiwal, Sobraon, Goojerat, and a long list of battles and sieges, always under the greatest difficulties, the Invaiide is constrained to admit that we have fought battles and won laurels in India. W7Vhat, then, isthe question raised? Is it alleged that we have made demonstrations, but done the work with diplomacy? There is no such novelty in that order of proceeding. Negotiation always comes in to settle the balance of the war. Occasionally, a> at Adrianople and elsewhere in the East, Diplomacy comes to the rescue of a debilitated and disorganized army, and makes it appear victorious. But to return to ourselves. Is it alleged that, havin.g fought our battles, instead of proceeding directly to appropriate our spoil, we have left the vanquished Power a nominal independence and the pageant of a throne ? That would merely prove our moderation in victory. Or is it intended that we have availed ouirselves of the aid of one State against another; that we have entered into wars of succession, and established close relations wit-h the successful competitor? Even that is a practice of no recent origin, and it has never been thought to dim the glory of arms if it is in the cause of right or the interest of peace. Unfortunately for the scientific tone adopted by the Invalide in treating of this subject, it argues an indifference to history and a blindness to present events to refuse the name of conquest to an increase of dominion in which policy has vied with arms, in which we have presented ourselves both as friend and as foe, and have affiliated States already conscious of our superior prowess. The rule laid down by our fastidious contemporary vwould reduce some of the greatest empires, and certainly all the best cemented and most permanent empires in the wored, to the rank of military jobbers and political hucksters. Rome, of course, with its elaborate system of friendship, alliance, protection, annexation, and final absorption, scarcely achieved a conquest in the strict sense of the term. CizSAR. did not disdain these intermediate stages. Indeed, it would often be hard to name the precise year in the annals of Rome when ny one of her neighbours, from the companions of her Italian infancy to the tribes of the West and the kingdoms of the East, was actually conquered. Yet the Romans never doubted they were conquerors,-omt ca4pwtoantes belgnm, sed beligeranttes. The rest of the world, too, though aware of their policy, adminttd the force of theiarms. Even Russia has not disdained to commute glory for lind, and to accept bloodless concessions to her military preponderance. How has she come by so large a space in the map of the world? By hard fighting? By breaking forth with immense hordes, like Ti3ioun, and destroying all that would not hear the first summons to subnission ? Fortunately by more quiet and subtle methods. Yet, on the whole, we are not quite prepared to deny Russia the glory of conquest. As to the speculations of the Invalide on the chances against our success in an enterprise new, as it intimates, to our arns and our genius, we might afford to wait for the result. Our Northern contemporary, however, with all the fertility of Russian genius, and with a somewhat inconsistent apprehension that there are other ways of do3ng the thing than by exchanging hard blows, kindly suggests a scheme which will mitigate, to Europe at least, the inconvenience of our possible failure. Europe does not sympathize with the Sepoy. Even Russia does not think he is going the right way to deserve independence or qualify himself for it. It would, then, be a great pity that India should be sealed against the advances of civilization, against the merchant, the missionary, or the traveller. So, 'what if the other nations of Europe should kindly lend a hand to establish a protectorate for the protection of the Hindoo, against it is not easy to say exactly whom,-against England, at all events. British politicians are fond of protectorates. To them the appeal must be irresistible. They must first, however, -anderstand the exact nature of the suggestion. We understand what it is to protect from external violence anything aged, or infantine, or sick, or otherwise endangered and unable to take care of itself. States, as well as individuals, are liable to this melancholy condition, and may equally appeal to the aid of their generous neighbours. No doubt there have been, and indeed still are, nations in a state of weakness and senility, and thereiore wanting protection. We don't see, however, how the fifth part of the whole human race,in avery high staMe of development and in the most vigorous preservatlon, can require much protection from external dangers, or any at all, except from their own divisions and tumults. In this case the danger is within, and the protection required is that which we have given hitherto with very great success. Indeed, if we wanted any testimony to the value of our protection, to its efficient, beneficial, and gentle character, to the ability with which it has been administered, and the little resistance it has hithei o encountered, we need no beUler witness than the If a7ide. According to this impai ,ial authority we find India torn to pieces by internal dissension, by rival pretenders to thrones founded in bloodshed, and miserably enfeebled by this was3 of her energies. We step in, not as conquerors, but as diplomatists; by force of money,-that is by trade, and by sagacity,-that is by good statesmanship, we gradually bring unity and order out of this chaos, so gently as sEarcely to provoke a collision. WVe could, indeed, wish the picture were more exact than it is. Candour obliges us to interpose that we have had to fight in the field as well as in the council. We have not escaped the universal necessity of wars, unprovoked often, but not the less serious. W e have come out of them -with advantage and honour. There are people who say that we have conquered India; there are even those who reproach us with it. We must leave them to discuss the historicel question with the Invalide. As to the future question, we are prepared to answer for England th'at, whether it be conquering or reconquering, she will not only recover, but will even consolidate, her position in India.
We have no reason to complain of the country's progress in at least some branches of social science. Our Bystem of finance gives a firm basis to the national prosperity. Our institutions secure personal liberty, and encourage locomotion and enterprise. Political economy has grown up almost entirely withia the limits of theme islands, and here alonie is it that its principles, after meeting acceptation from thinkers, have been carried into practice by men of the world. It has been said that Englishmen cannot generalize; but we know no more striking instance of generaliza.ion than when the whole policy of the first commercial country in the world was revolutionized in obedience to the theories of a deductive science. Hlow far other nations are behind us in this matter it requires but little observation to perceive. Frai.t has not yet bad courage even to make the step from Prohibi^ tion to Protection. Many products of our manu* facture are entirely excludcd from her ports ; and when, a year since, the E.N'PnoR was desirous gradually to liberalize the tariff, he was met with such pertinacity of opposit:on thf t the scheme was abandoned. i1vea7 one is aware how tightly the bougeoisie cling to their traditions of proteeted industry, which are associated in Frenchmen's minds with the greatness of their country and its struggle against the so-called commercial domination of England. In Germany there has been many a step in the path of freedom. In fact, the States there are so small that Protection was felt to be an absurdity, and the impulse which opened one kingdom or duchy to another is tending to unite Germany more with the world at large. But still much remains to be done in the most enlightened parts of Europe, while countries like Russia and Spain are, of course, in Cfimmerian darkness. So slowly are ideas propagated through the world, so long is it before men will understand even what they have daily before their eyes. But it is in America that the existence of the protective spirit is most strangely manifested. The patriotic Republicans Weem to be as jealous of British cottons and hardware as if they conveyed an aristocratic taint to their houses and persons. In deference, indeed, to unanswerable reasoning, they have within the last few years advanccd in the path of Free Trade, and the two countries have modified their Navigation Laws for their mutual adIvntage. But whether it be from an excessive feeling of nationality, or a deficient acquaintance -ith economical laws, there has always been a kind of unwillingness to accept the system honestly and fully. It will be remembered that the Americans considered themselves to have gained a great advantage and to have wonderfully tricked the Britisher when they interpreted a voyage from New York to San Francisco to fall within the category of the coasting trade. They gave us certain privileges in deference to the truths of political economy, and withheld just the last little bit in order to gratify the national Protectionist prejudice. Although, no doubt, among an active and edueated people the principles of Free Trade must make their way sooner or later, yet it is ringular to observe how much they may be hindered by the feeling of national jealousy, which must always more or less animate a community like the Americans against an empire like that of England. We oOpy from a Philadelphian newspaper ax article which, no doubt, speaks the sentiments of the stanch American Proteetionists. The writer is indignant that England is able to say that the United States owe her in American securities held on our side of the Atlantic S0,O00o,000. or 100,000,0001. Great Britain by lending Amerieans money to make railways and canals has " got "the upper hand" of them, and when she can make herself free of American corn and cotton will have the citizens under her feet. The Eve?1ing 9ou rOlu does not explain how Americans came to seek this degrading bondage, nor does it advise them to discontinue inereasing the debt, if Englishmen are willing to lend. However, It is settled that for us to hold securities in America is most galling to the honour and detrimental to the interests of the Republic, and is perhaps part of a great scheme for the crushing of democracy in its chosen home. But how came England to attain this sinister eminence? As we proceed, we seem to be stuldying the profound philosophizings of some St. Petersburg or Neapolitan " publicist" rather than an article written for a set of strong-brained Pennsylvanians. It appears, according to this writer, that England began her commercial career with the view, not only of rendering herself independent of al other communities for the great staples of her subsistence, but " to make the world tributary "to her aggrandizement through the revenues "paid to her manufactlrers." After persisting for centuries in " the plain, common-sense "prlnciple," of producing herself the materials of her consmption and selling to foreign markets far more than she purchases in return, Great Britain has now attained a pre-eminence which enables her to open her ports without fear of competition. It -would be the duty and interest of Anmerica to pursue this same policy; but, according to the Philadelphian organ, it has only been at brief intervals that it has been adopted. With the fall of the Whigs p-otection to native industry was abandoned. The infant industry of Amaerica has been exposed to competition with the fuU grown capitalists of the whole world. The artisans of England, France, and Belgium can undersell Amer can manufacturers in their own counWry. Hence, it is said, come the closed factories and starving operatives of the present moment, while by a different policy "we should owe the world nothing, and be in an "attitude to defy it in equal strife for commercial success." We cannot but regret to see such reasoning, if it may be called so, in the columns of a newspaper at the present day. It i, no doubt, the fact that these are the views of a m:nority, and a diminishing minority; but still that any party should appeal to such wornOut prejudices and believe in such shallow arguments is evidence of how little the community has advanced in the study of the greatest of modern questions. True, we are only some 10 or 12 years ahead. It is not so long since a large and powerful faction was governino the country on principles which seem now as exploded as witchcraft or astrology. yet we could have hoped that the Americans were too much intellectually connected with ourselves to lag behind even for a few years. As to the Machiavellian theory so popular on the continent of Enrope-namely, that this count-, was Protectionist during generations through a subtle policy, and that we have become Freetraders lately in order to crush the i'dustry of other nations, such a notion should be left to the narrow and splenetic minds which formed it, in some despotic Court or pedantic University. We know, and Americans ought to know tco, that Protection was upheld in England because it was believed in, and that we excluded corn just -s in old times we touched for the king's evil. We certainly made money and became a great people under Protection, but tbhs was in spite of the system, and not because of it. No one in this country will be disposed to doubt that it (ramped our energies and postponed that great development of the national industry which has tak.en place within the last 10 years. When it is recollected that in the last days of Protection the exports of the country were about 50,000,0001. sterling a-year, and that this year they wMll not fall far short of 140,000,0001., it will be admitted that, perhaps, the community suffered by the previous restrictions. America will prosper by the adoption of the same principles as have guided England. The truths of political science are not local, and what is proved on one side of the Atlantic must be equally demonstreble on the other. We trust the American people will reject the fallacious theory that there is an age of Protection and an age of Free Trade in a nation's history. Free Trade is as beneficial to the uncultivated continent as to the densely populated island; it is as fitted for the youngest communities of the New World as for the maturest monarchy of Europe. I i i i i I i I i I I I I
For the last three or four days our readers have enjoyed continuous opportunities of observing what could be elicited in explanaEju of the late frightful col.lision on the South Wales Raway. The accident pertairs ta a category which -we are thankful to. say is sob. very commonly i]'Airatcd. TThere Ifi u1t only Mo. qucstiOQ aObout its nimedia! cause, but even its fatality, and, in fact, all the consequences attaching to it are as clear and as natural as possible. A down train was sent to run on the up line; it encountered a train comiDg from the opposite direction, a collision ensued, and the whole story, as regards the nature of the cat istrophe, is told in these words. We can also clear the case of other uncertainties in which it might possibly be enveloped. The two trains thus thrown into contact with each other were unquestionably despatched by proper authority. The up train was directed to start by the superintending officer, and the down train was sent on its wrong line by written instructions, of which the driver prudently took a copy. All the servants, therefore, actually in charge of the trains stand acquitted on this occasion, nor can any scapegoats be found in drivers, stokers, firemen, or guards. Before we extend our remarks, however, it will be as well to recapitulate the principal facts of the case, which lie in a very small compass. On the South Wales Railway, within ten miles of each other, are two stations called Stormy and Port Talbot, and between them a third station named Pyle. On the down line Stormy is first reached, and the road lies through Pyle to Port Talbot. The first and last of these stations are telegraph stations, but Pyle has no such machinery; there was once a telegraph there, but it has been removed. Yesterday week a goods train proceeding on the down line experienced some mishap and broke down between Pyle and Port Talbot, leaving its disabled trucks on the rail, and of course blocking up the line. When this was known at Port Talbot word was sent to Stormy to stop all down trains. Before the receipt of the message the 6 30 down train from Chltenhaam had left Stormy, but, after passing Pyle, they found a messenger meeting them from Port Talbot, who informed them of the obstacle in the way, and they backed to Stormy accordingly. After remaining there some time they were despatched on to Port Talbot on the up line, and presently came into collision with a passenger train which, after some delay at Port Talbot, had been ordered to proceed. Here, then, are the facts before us. The up traia was despatched from Port Talbot on its own line by the stationmaster, Mr. Tua?ER, the down train was despatched on the same line to Port Talbot by the stationmaster at Stormy, MIr. WHiTE. The jury, atter listening to evidence of a most conflicting character, gave a verdict against MIr. WHITE. The whole case reads like a conflict between the two stations of Stormy and Port Talbot. MIr. WHITE deposed positively, that in reply to application from Stormy he received from Port Talbot the message, " Send down train on up line;" and a porter at Stormy station testified to herring a message repeatedly read from the telegraph, "Send down passengers on." An enginedriver, too, somewhat more independent in position, alleged that at Port Talbot a policeman had told him that they were expecting at that station a train from Stormy on the up line. Against this evidence, however, appeared distinct averments from the other side. M;. Tutaxun stated that he sent no message whatever from Port Talbot to Stormy beyond that already mentioned as prohibiting the despatch of any further trains in consequence of the accidenp to the goods train. The porter at Stormy was corrected by the person who had been working the instrument, and the enginedriver was contradicted point blank by the policeman to whose warning he had appnaled. It deserves to be noticed that Mr. Wnrrn, the Stormy stationmaster, actually proceeded himself on the engine of the train which went from the down line to the up line on his authority-a step which we should think would show that, whether his precautions had been taken regularly or not, he at least thought himself justified in the course to which he thus gave his personal superintendence. We shall not attempt to repeat the comparison or the balance of the evidence on wbich the jury pronounced, but there is one feaure in the case which certainly deserves particular attention when considered in the interest of the public. It will, of course, have been observed that everything turned upon the use of the telegraph. To justify the authorities at Stormy it required to be shown that they had received from Port Talbot a message to the effect that the down passengers might proceed on the up line; while the Port Talbot staff would, of course, have to rely upon evidence of an opposite kind. One of the clearest points, however, in the whole case is, that the operation of the telegraph between these two stations, either from the defects of the instrument or the unskilfulness of the man-pulators, was defective in the extreme. There appear to be two instruments in use,-one with a single, and the otlher with a double needle; and the station-clerk at Port Talbot stated that he could not read a single needle instrument, and the Stormy man could not read a double one. The Stormypeople depose to having telegraphed over and over again to Port Talbot, while the Port Talbot people say that they received no such messages as were referred to, or none that they could understand. These circumstances, moreover, were established by the evidence of a perfectly impartial witness-a lady passenger, who was in the Port Talbot station waiting to be forwarced. She observed the telegraph aL work, and was so impressed with the conviction that the clerks did not understand it that she said the stationmmater hinself ought to be there. MIr. WriTE, the Stormy stationmaster, affirmed that he had found on former occasions that his messages to Port Talbot could not be understood. Now, nothing can be plainer than that if a telegraph is worked in this manner its advantages are altogether lo t, and in fact it may conduce to insecurity rather th_in safety. If it is to be of service as a medium of communication it ought not to be liable to any such uncertainties; nor do we very well understand hoNv, if the institument Is in good order (-s it was said to be on this cecasion) and the operrtors understand their business, any mistakes or embarrassments ought to oc^ur. There is another point, also, of which we think notice slould be taken. If records or vouchers were kept on all messages, or, at least, all important ones received or sent from one station to another, there could seldom be much difficulty in bilngiug home the responsibility of an order to the proper quarters. If MIr. WHiT could have produced the Port Talbct directions as the driver of the train produc- d Mr. WHITE'S directions, he must have stood acquitted in like manner. It is ditressing to think that there really was nothing whatever in the case which should have endangered life under good management. The accident to the goods train was ono of the most ordinary character, and it was soon Eet xight. The dowa line itself was open for traffic before 1 o'clock, and, if it had been thoug.ht desirable to forward the down train on. the up line wlthout waiting nor the clewaance, all that was required was the delay of the up passeinger train at Port Talbot a few ln in tes longer. It cannot be too much to say that between two stations distant only 10 miles from each other, and connected by a tclegraph, no suchi catastrophe should ever h.a?e occurrea. The event itself is little calculated to increase the confidenice of the public in railway management, but we hope at any rate that we mnay get tho benefit of the inereased caution wh6th so terrkite a lessoa ought to produce. -Wmmw CriYSTrIL PAC.-ONE SIEUXINo Dxxr WednesI tiy, 0t,21-Admiizion on pa'rnent, 1,W'S Utto ky
se. THE VISIT OF THE DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE TO SHEFFIELD. (BY LnwTIc AND INTYBNATIONAL TxLErRA?H) Yesterday his Royal Hlighness the Duke of Cambridge visited Sheffield for the purpose of laying the foundationstone of a monument to the memory of the soldiers from Sheffield and the neighbourhood who feU in the Crimea. The monument orlAinated with a few working men, who formed themselves into a committee and appealed to the gentry of tbe town and neighbourhood for subscriptions The appeal met with so liberal a response that funds were at once raised sufficient to carry out the project in a manner worthy of the town. On competition, the design of Mr. Gouldie, of Sheffield, was adopted, and the monument is to be erected on a triangular piece of land called Moorhead. It is in a central part of the town, and the point npon which no less than six streets oonverge. The laying of the foundation-stone was an event in which the greatest interest was manifested by the town. At noon all the shops and places of business were closed, many thousands of persons assembled in Norfolk Park, and formed a procession in honour of the occasion. All the public bodies were represented, as also vrlons institutions, Odd Fellows, and sick societies. The procesglon was headed by a body of about 60 Sheffield men who had served in the Crimea; it left the park at 12 o'clock for the Gre-t Northern station, and there halted to await the Duke of Cambridge. 11is Royal ighness, accompanled by Lord Burghereh anrd Colonel Clifton, arrived at 12.35, and ws received by Lieutenant-General Sir Harry Smith, G.C.B., Colonel Hodge, C.B., the Mayor of Sheffield, the Master Cutler, Mr. Overend, and others. A guard of honour of the 10ch Hussars was in waiting outsido the station. The Duke, who with Sir H. Smith was most loudly cheered, entered the carriage of the Mayor, and fell into the raks of the procession, which then moved through the principal streets to the site. The whole route of the prooession was perfectly gay with banners, the streets were crowded, and every point where platforms could be erected and every available eminence were occupied by eager spectators, who everywhere greeted his Royal Highness with demonstrations of enthusiasm. The ceremony was performed by the Duke of Cambridge in the presence of assembled thousands, and the procession afterwards moved to the Market-place, and there broke up. At 4 o'clock a cold collation was given at the Cutlezs'hall, at which the Mayor (Mr. J. W. Pye Smitb) presIded, supported by the Duke of Cambridge, Sir H. Smith, Lord Burghersh, Colonel Clifton, Colonel Hodge, Colonel Wilkie, the Master Cutler (Mr. W. Hutchinson), the Town Regent, (Mr. W. Butcher), the Rev. Canon Sale, Messrs Overend, Jeficock, Elison, PhiUipes. &o. The toasts of " The Queen," *' The Prince Consort and the rest of the Royal Family," were given by the MAYon, and most cordially received. Mr.W. OVJRX'D, in proposing " The Health of the Duke of Cambridge," said it was impossible there could be a more popular Commander-in-Chief either with the army or the public. Sheffield always welcomed the military with enthusiasm, and they had eapecial pleasure in doing so to-day, when they had among them a member of the Royal famlly who, as General, led the Guards with a coolness rarely equalled up the heights of the Alma (cheers), and who headed the Guards for five hours in their haud-to-hand fight with the enemy at Inkermann. (Loud cheers.) The Duke of CA1IoRIDrG (cheers.)-Mr. Mayor and gentlemen, the toast has been proposed by Mr. Overend in so flattering a manner that I feel some difficulty in responding to it, but, however flattering the terms which have been used with regard to myself, I am happy in having this opportunity of expressing my satisfaction in being present today in your excellent town of Sheffield. The reception which I have had the honour of receiving during my progress through this town-a reception which was not confined to anyparticularelass of society, but to the whole population (cheers)-was such as to be highly gratifying to any individual to whom such a compllment was paid. (Cheers,) Gentlemen, I had great pleasure in accepting your invltation. I am awsae that this was specially a movement of the working ela5ses (cheers), and I thought that the feeling of Sheffield towards the army was so laudable, so handsome, and so satisfactory, that it would ill become me in my position to have for one moment hesitated in accepting the invitation. (Applause.) I have not had any reason, gentlemen, to regret having done so. (Cheers.) On the contrary, I have received that hearty welcome which has been gratifying to myself, and which hm eonvinced me that the decision I oame to wma a corret and right one. (Applause.) Bat since I acepted your invitation events have taken plae in India which no one eould foretell, and which have produced a feeling throughout the country which has been especialy manifested in this excelleat borough of Sheffield. You have set a noble exAmple by endeavounring by every means in your power to furnish recrai-ts for the army. (Cheers.) Well, a mere accident has brought me here at this period, but I consider that accident a fortunate one, because It enables me to express to you the sense I feel of that movement, and my anxious hope that It may be foUowed and extended in various parts of the country. (Applanse.) Now, the only subject which of late has given me anxiety was the recruiting for the army. I must however tell you-for there is not1hing like being frank and open with you-that the ordinary recruiting for the army is progressing in a manner which Is perfectly incredible. (Loud cheers.) The ordinary mean of recraiting have in two days alone produeed 800 men. (Renewed applause.) That is a great fact; it Ia a result which was never obtained during the Russian war; a result which was never equalled in the military history of the country. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I put this forward to prove that it is not a mistake to say that we are recruiting remarkably well. There is no doubt that all parties, especially myself, must have felt considerable anxiety cs to the result. The number of men required is very considerable. How were they to be recruited? Ordinary recruiting, I have no doubt, would in time have produced them, The circumstances are extraordinary, and extraordinary efforts must be made; it is of the vezy greatest consequence that the feeling which has obtained in Sheffield should be spread and extended through the country, and the example which Sheffield has in that respect given is very valuable. On my part it has been felt very sincerely, and we feel very grateful to youzfor lt. (Loud cheers.) And what has been done by Sheffield might be done by other towns, and not only by towns, but by individuals. Gentlemen read of these events in India, and say, " hor sad it is," and wish they could assist the Government in their suppression of the mutiny. Gentlemen, you can assist; every country gentleman could, every community, every individual can assist if you will take the pains and trouble to explain to men wio, from their peculiar position, live very humbly, live from hand to mouth, and say, "Why do you not go into the army, where you wiU be well cared for, and do the country service ?" If you do this you wiiU be benefiting the country, and the army will receive great benefit from getting an increased number of good recruits. (Loud cheers.) Therefore, I am anxious to impress upon you that the more that spirit is fostered, the more it is encouraged, the better. I, as the responsible head of a large profession, shall be pleased, and the more will you benefit the institutions of your country, (Applause.) Gentlemen, as regards India I feel great delicacy in speaking on that topic in presence of my gallant friend on the left (Sir Harry Smith), who has had so much experience there, but from what I know I may state that I have no fear of failure; that I have not the smallest fear for the result. (Applause.) The struggle has been a desperate one, but It was nobly aed gallantly sustained by that portion of our army which was present-by every Englishman, yea, by every Englishman and by every English child. (Applause.) I feel confident that the turning point is passed, and that the period is arrived wheu by degrees vast reinforceraents will reach India fromn this country. When they have, as my gaUant friend (Sir E. Smith), who knows more of India than I, will teU you, they will be able to sweep through the land, reStoTe and replace the proper authority. (Cheers.) I trust that no undue leniency will be adopted. (Cheers.) That may appear a very harsh and unfeeling remark. (" No, no !", It is nothing of the kind. What does it mean? We have an army of ,O;COO maen who have mutinied nobody knows why. Are these O,OQ men to be allowed to go broadeast over the country mssacreing men, wvomen, and children without receiving the punishrment due to such crimes? (*" No, no," and cheers.) Just so, gentlemen; therefore let us havejustiee. (Loud cheering.) Not undue, indiscriminate vengeane, but ,ustce, and stern justice. (Cheers.) We)aave a rsght. to expect that those mnen shall be brought bMfore proper tnibunals and duly punished for the atreciovs deeds they have committed. Less ought not to be done_. I am sure the country wiU support all who have tba- anlliness and courage to infliet that punishment. (Cheers ) I th ink it right to make these observations, for I knvow that they are sentimentS which must pervade the breasts of every per. son in this great empire. (Applause.) How does tb;s great enpire exist? It exists by its prestigC (hear, hear) ; by the importance wbich it holds throughout the world. Therefore its authority must bo vindicated; that r^com pli-hed, and then it may I * for us to consider what may I ) done to improve our position 3iu India. (Hear, he.r.) I have no doubt that on many occasions faults, F,rave eirors may have beeu committed (hear, he-ir); 'bat I ask you, gentleroen, if in the history of reaLis extending over a period of 100 years it ins i't a *tka) consequence that errors should have been committed and the only thiDg is that when they are discovered they should be rectified, that we should take care not to fall into those errors again. (Loud cheers.) That is the lesson which we Ahould derive from these sad misfortunes which have mow befallen us. (Applause.) How that is to be done I atu not able to say, nor do I think this is the proper place for its consideration. It would be foly to suppose that we rnay not have committed some mistakes, and those mistaker ought to be corrected (applause) ; and it is just as great a fault to say that because we have committed such mistakes it has served us right, and that we ought to have known better. (Applause.) We might have done better, but it is very easy to find fault after the disaster has happened (applause); but the countyy at large has *nother lesson to )earn, which I also trust will not be long after tho peace. (Applause.) I have on all ocecsions in my power advised my coUeagues by saying, "Whatever you do, have the country prepared for any emergency." (Cheers.) It was not for me to say what should be done ir India, but I do say that this great empire must always be to a certain extent prepared for sucb disaster as that which has now come upon it. (Cheers.) What has been our principle of action? We have cut down our establishments exactly to the point where we could go on working. (Cheers.) We have kept nothing for an emergenzy. Ask yourselves-is it right that a great country like this should be in that posa. tion? (Loud cheers.) I amr not for extravagance, but I wi put A case. Suppose you require 50,000 troops for duty, surely sensible men would have at least 55,000, ia order that 5,000 should be ready for any emergency thab might arie, and for which the 50,000 would not be avaiable being employed on their own special duty. (Cheems) You cannot have efficiency if yon have not the mean8 at a zmoment's notice to vindicate the honour and position of the country. (Cheers.) Nov, gentlemen, we have had two Important lessons, cne after the other. We have had the Crimean war, which found us unprepared, and we have had the late disaster in India. I trust it will be admitted it is wonderful what las been done to meet that; but still it has been an immense exertion, and at this moment we are not without our difficultie3. Well gentlemen, two successive warnings should be a lesson for all time. (Loud cheers.) All I Will now further say is that a great and intelligent country should not forget wbhat it has seen happen so recently. In condusion, his Royal }4ighness expressed his earnest thanks to the people of Sheffield for the handsome reception given to him, which had made his visit to Sheffield one of high gratification. SirELA-RY Sx=, in returning thanks for the "Army and Navy," said,-The army was proud to have a Prince of the Royal blood commanding it (cheers). The tide in India had turned, and with the powerful rmy which would now be colected events would rapidly rush in out favour. Spc .kingfrom experience, he said the army of India was justly treated, and had no cause for the conduct of which they had beenguilty. No man, civil or military,ever had cause to predict this misfortune; it was too much the fashion to blame the East Indis Company, but he maintained that the ule of thAt Company had been one of justice in evely respect. India wras won by the sword, and had to be maintained by the sword, but that sword must be one of justice. He saw no difficulty in the future management of India, uless there was treachery aLmong ourselves in Eng. )and, and a continuanoe of that twaddle and mock philanthropy which is too much the rage of the eay. The tide of Christiasity would flow more rapidly by our slmply endeavouring to prove its correctness and its justice than by attempts to force It upon Mahornedans and Hindoos. Again he warned the people of England not to be led away by that twaddle and mock philonthropy, which would do much more to crush Christianity than promote it. The Duke of Cambxidge retired amid loud cheering, and returned to London by the Great Northern train at 6 18.
COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR, OcT. 2L The Queen and Prince Consort, accompanied by Prince Alfred, rode out on horseback yesterday afternoon, attended by the Ron. Eleanor Stanley, Major-General Bouverie, and Colonel F. H. Seymour. The Prirces Royal took a carriage drive. Ris Royal Highness the Prince of Wiles arrived at the Cutle at a quarter before 6 o'clock, on his return from the continent, at'ended by Lieutenant-General Sir William Codrington, Lieutenant-Colonel Ponsonby, Dr. Armstrong, R.N., and Mr. Gibbs. The ainner rtay In the evening Included their Royal Highnasaea the Duches of Kent the Prnnce of Walc, and the Princess RoyaL The following had the honour of being invitd :-Lieutenant.General Sir W, Codrntn -e T eantCorePononby, Dr. Arstrong, PN Mr. Gibbs, The Queen and Prince Consort, with the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, walked In the Hiome Park this morning. The Judge Advocate-General had an audienc of the Queen.
U7NI 731 YTY LTJGEzOc, OXFOp.n fl- )I A Congrenati was held this day, at 10 o'clock, for the elect;or of #hreeHeads of Colleges or Halls, to boe memnbers of the Hebdomadsl Council for a term of six years. After an hours polling there appeared to be- For the MIster of Balliol ... ... 77 For the Principal of Brasenose... ... . 72 For the Master of Pembroke ...*... ... 65 For the Provost of Worcester . . .- 39 The first three were consequently elected. At 12 a Con. gregation was heldl for the electionx of three Profeeors, with the foUowing result :- For Prot8or Jacobson. 0 For Professor Price ... ...i... ... .3 For Profeasor 3'Bride ... ... . 64 For Professor Jowett ... ... ... ... 61 Professors Jacobson, Price, and M'Brlde, the three oct. going Professors, were thus re-elected. At 2 a Congrega-. tion was held for the election of three members of Convocation of not less than five years' standing. The poll closed at 3, when the numbers were announced as folo ws:- For Mr. Mansel, St. John's ... ... . 96 For Mr. Gordon, Christ Church ... .. fi For Mr. Wilson, Corpus ... ... .. . 60 For Mr. Randolph, Merton ... .. , 29 Messrs. Mantel, Gordon, and Wilson vrere therefore re. turned. The only change made in the Council by the election is in this section, and consists in the substitntion of Mr. Wilson of Corpus for Mr. Randolph of Merton. There will be an election to-morrow at 12 of one Head, in the place of the Warden of New ColleRe, who becomes entitled to a seat as Vice-Cbancellor; and-at 2 of one Professor in the place of Professor Daubeny, resigned. For the former the Provosts of Worcester and Qneen3 a'se expected to be cAndidates. The Provost of Oriel will probably be uSopposed for the lttler. The Lancian Professor of Arabic (Dr. Reay) intends to conmmence his lecture on Thursday, the 29th inst., at the Clarendon, at 3 o'clock, to be continued on Mlone'y, Wed. needay, ard Friday during the Term. There will also be sn elementary lecture beginning on Saturday, the 31st inst., at 1. 'clock. Those who wrish t* atter& the elementry ecture are requeted to call on the Rev. IL Gin. dell, MI.A, Mfagdalen-balI on Tuesday, the 27th inst, betwreen 1 and 2 o'clock.
LInVRPooI,, October 21.-The steamship City of Baltimore, belonging to the Liverpool and Pbila-. delphia Steamship Company, sailed hence tbis afternoon for New York, having on board 520 passengers, of whom 119 occupied cabin berths, and 8,2191. in specie on freight. She had. only 90 tons of cargo, the present panic in America having put an effectual stop at present to the shipment of tine manufactures from thia kingdom. The Montreal Ocean Steamship Company's screw 3teamer Indian also sailed to-day for Quebec and Montreal, having on board 250 pamsengers (130 chief eabin), the Canadian mails, and a full cargo. Among the cabin passengers are Sir Edmund Hmad,Governor-General of Canada, Lady Head, and suite. The Indian had no specie cn freigh,. but it is beheved that some of thbe passengers had a considerable quantity. During, the winter. montha the steamers of this line will, run to, Portland, lUnited States, the navigation oaf the &S. Uawrence being closed. The Cunard steamship Canada sails bence for Halifax and Boston ou Saturday, the Post-office here closing at 10 s.n,., with late fee at 11 a.m., and on the landin-utag-a at 12 noon. The clipper ship Chancellor, t-lor.ging to the WShite. Star line of packete, sail;, te-day for Melbourne -with 330 passetgers, andi on Friday neat the Government ship Irene sails. -or MoretoL Bey with 3,30 emigrantL RESOVAL Or TaE A3T TREASIRsES rROx MAN-. C1nEsTEr-The removal e-thr, treasures, of art collectedl at Old Trafford, near Mbanioester, has already commenced. Most of the waUs of the wat er-olozur gallries have been stripped, and many of th*ari;cles in the glaEs cass have already been packed an,hsernt aiy, inclnsling some ef, the striking groups in silwr exhibed in 058 traoaep& The Soulages collection is lo bo reicoved to the Rloyal J.sutution at Manchester jPor exhibltlon daring the winter, with some contributious *om the Department of Scienae and Art at Kensington, froas the Benaal, and from other collections. The picture by WV.lxe,-"the Death of Chterton"--so popular among r. s.umerous class of visitors to the Art Trea. sures Exhibiti,s,, has been much ooveted by some of the local coUector s of pictures, and one of them is understood to hrve attemp'ced to open a negotiation with Mr. Augustus Egg, the pr -sent owner, muore than once for the purchase of it. Mr. F,gg, however, is understood to have deolined to part with, it at any price. He is said to have purchased it tor 100 xi eas, and the gentleman above aliuded to was prepar Cd to gIve 1,000 guineas for it. E&CrouTATION oF COAL.-According to the monthly Sts cement issued by Messrs. W. Laird and Co., of Liverr ool, the quantity of coal exported from the snited kingdom durng the past rnonth exceeded hy (i5S,532 tons the quantity exported inz the correspondinkg month of low Of the total quantity 404,SC3 tocs wore from the rorthern ports, 128,6SS fronm the Severn, 4S,520 from Liverpool, 42,050 from heh Sotch ports, and 34,461. fronr irie,
-1HB IYDIAN MUTINIRS. THE CAWNPORE MA,S9AFrnI 'l'he following are the lat letters received by their if asnily in Manchester from Lieutensat-colonel and *rs, Ewart; Lieutenant-Colonel Ewart commancded the 1st Bengal Native Infantry up to the tume of 7the insurrectiort in Cawnpore: (From Mrs. Ewart.) " Cawnpore, May 23. "My dear brothers and sisters, -We hope to write to you aa usual by Bombay a few days hence, but in the meantime I thlnk it better to send you a letter by Calcutta, lest our line of commaunication sbould be interrupted vid Agra, as 'ou night be left without any news of us. In these sad times your anxieties would be increased by receiving no tidings. As yet no open mutiny has broken out here, but there have b. on several alarms of Imminent danger. It is said that the lnfantry could not agree with the cavalry as to the modo of the outbre ak, so a rising has been deferred. Until the 21st we thought everything was quiet here, 'baS on that day ramours of an unpleasant nature regarding the mutinous spirit of the regiments here, esDecLally of the 2a Cavalry, were prevalent. A rise was expected on that night. Thinking it might reassure the i men if they showed corfidence in them, John, who com mands the 1st, and Major Hillersdon, who commands the 53d, determined to go and sleep at the quarter-guards of their respective corps. Mr. Hlllersdon, the collector (brother of the major) and his wife came to us that afternoon, and we determined to remain together. At nighttime off went John, and left me with the Hillersdons, our guests. At about half-past 11 o' clock Mr. Hillersdon received messages which obliged him to leave us. It was not safe to retnain in our house unproteoted, and with no gentleman to direct In case of need, so, as agreed to beforehand, we took our poor little babes out of their beds and drove over to the barracks of the European dep6t, about a mile from this 'We found that several families had already taken refuge there, and six guns were placed in front for onr defence. No need to dwel upon the sickening dread and agony of suspense we went through on that night, you will Imagine It all from the recital of facts. To our joy and surprise, how. ever, no attack took place; the movement had been at least deferred, and John came to us in the morning and took us home to spend the day in our comfortable house. Friday the same uncomfortable reports came pouring in, news of fresh defec. t-ons of corps at other places, threatening words uttered by men of the 1st, and at nightfall I took leave of my husband, fully prepare d never to see him alive again. As he has sines told me, he quite expected himself to have received ihis death-stroke on that night. We beard his voice early in the morning outside our tent, and I could scarcely beHeve he was still unharmed. There he was, and we again went to our house for the day. We felt a little calnmer on Saturdcy, and I could sleep at night. I should tell you thatsince the great alarm it has not been deemed safe to sleep in our own houses, so that there have been arrangements made a' the depot. A trench has been dug round it, and within thIs trench are two barracks fu1 of people and somne tents. We have a tent, which is, of course, more private and com. fortable for the nlght, and at present there is no oceasion to spend days as well as nighlts there, though many people do so. This is fortunate, since the weather is fearfully hot. God grant that we may not be exposed to such suffering a3 a confinement wlthin that entrenchment mu* entail. Even rhould we be able to bear it, I know not how our poor little oncs could go through the trial. Sunday passed off, so did lMonday, without open disturbance; TIesday the eame, but sad reports and intelligence from other stations. Allygurh and Etawah have both been taken and plundered by the 9th Native Infantry, past of which corps had, at the teginning of the troubles behaved with fidelity. So strangely, so completely the children of impulfe are these Sepoys that they will at one hour do good service and the next will turn against us; so we never can be sure of them. Yesterday we were in exDectation of news from Delhi, but none arrived. All depends upon the Commander-in Chief striking a successful blow there; but we hear nothlng, and this suspens3 Is dreadful. It is useless to con jecture; we must wait and pray for strength to abide the issue, whatever it may be. John goes to his perilous duties as a eoldier and a Christian should do, and keeps up an excellent spirit Mrs. Hillersdon is sweet, calm, and gentle, and a greet comfort it is to have her with nme. Sometimes a message by telegraph will come in, and off he goes to the General The other night it was an order to have the road kept open between this and Etawab, so he had to go off and send Sowars (horsemen)to be posted regalarlyin that direction. Lastnight the chief of the police came to inform hina that a neighbour ingRajah, with several thou sand followers, was near at hand; and I believe he has come In to-day, and we hope his presence will not be the spark to raise the flame, whih Is kept smouldering, and which may die out if we are not molested or excited, and meet vi th no calamities from the North. west. You see, my dear people, that we are living face to face with great and awful realities-life and property most insecure, enemiss within our camp, treachery and distrust everywhere. We can scarcely believe in the ebange which has so suddenly suspended all the pleasant repose and enjoymaent of life. Here we are almost in a state of siege, with dangers all around us-some seen, some hidden. We can orly put our trust in God, and try to maintain an even and tranquil spirit to go through all our trials and perform all our duties as long as God sees fit to assign us any. Major HiUersdon joins us daily at our 4 o'clock dinner, and we stay together till half-past 7, when we go to our melancholy night quarters, behind guns and entrenchments. My husband betakes himnself to his couch in the midst of his Sepoys, and you can fancy the sort of nights we have to pass. These are real trials. but we have not experienced much actual physical suffering yet. John stiU hopes to hold his men together, so does Major H. hisIndeed, no commandant seems to believe that his men can be false. But, alas ! the most trusted have proved the -worst, and there is not any dependence to be placed upon them. I cannot write any more. If we should be spared I hope we may have better news to give you before long. Kiss my darling H. for us, and may God bless him. John sends his best love. I must not forget to thank Mrs. C. for the copy of the Life of Charloue BronftJ, which arrived, in the mids' of all this distress, two or three days ago. If peacefal times should ever return we may hope to find pleasure in reading as well as in writing to acknowledge it. Give my love to her, and tell her how strangely we are situated. "May, S Dearest A-.,-We received your letter of April 18 yesterday, just before setting off for our night's quarters, behind guns and eutrenebments, and we read it together by the last gleams of daylight in my dressing room, feelng I strangely and sadly the contrast between your peaceful even life and the terrible state of disorganization by which we are surrounded. Nothing fresh has happened since I despatched my letter vit1 Calcutta, We are still free to spend our days at horme, and no outbreak is at present apprehended from any of the troops here; our danger lies now in what may come from outside. The anxiety about the Commander.in. Chief's proceedings in Delhi become very intense, because we hear nothing material from him, although we hoped to have heard of the blow being struck some three days ago. Of course this suspense is very painful and keeps minds uneasy. Our European force is meanwhile increasing by arrivals from Calcutta, but,after all,we shall not have above 30( English soldiers, and they may have to cope with 3,000 natives should an attack be made. But It Is useless to speculate upon what may happen. We can only take the present as it comes, and do its duties and meet Its trisls in the best spirit we can maintain. We are more cheerful, in spite of the great anxiety and suspense ; our .family party is really a charmiDg one; we feel better able to meet difficulties and dangers for being thus associated. Dear Mrs. Hilleredon is so quiet, and gentle, and calmnever giving way to hysterical mnovements, nor, on ihe other hand, showing any want of sensibility. I hope we may have Some better news to give you before the letters go. Some smaU items of intelligence are rather cheering. The 29th Native Infantry ace said to be behaving quite loydaly at aorad&abad. From Lucknow we have heard of the -capture of four or five emissaries of rebeHion by a Sepoy of the 13th Native InfantrY ; so we hope some may be stanch, after all, and that the rebellion being so il arranged, and there appearing no leader and no concert, it may die out soon and we may be at peace again. Still here we are in a most uneasy state, and we are fortifying our position and laying in provisions to provide against a siege. It is a lamentable position for the governing class of a country to he in, exceedingly bumiliating and disheartening; yet ws must hope for better days, and in the maeantime do our duty and trust in God. Several parties of the mutineers have 'been caught in this district with plunder upon them. Mr. 'Hillersdon has them confined in his gaol. Two of the 3d Cavalry are just brought in. WVe feel it rather dangerous ~work. " Sunday, May 3L " The criss is apparently near, and aUl we can do is to pray for courage and strength to nn.et it. The troops have mutinled at Lucknow; several officers have been killed, and -some wounded. This happened last night. But the second message said that aU was quiet ; nothing farther had occurred ,but the burning of bungalows. The blow has not yet been struck at Delhi ; there is great delay about a battering and siege train. Not till the 9th are we to expect news, and God only knows what wiU become of us before that time. Dear A-, I am so grieved to have such sad news to send you, but it is useless to shut our eyes to the dreadful probablities. We must meet them, and implore our Father In Hleaven to enable us to keep up a firni and tranquil spirit. " I cannot write to dear Harry this titne. If I am spared I nother fortnight I hope it may be to give brighter acoounts. We are In our bungalow to-day, but hold ourselves ready fot instant flight. Should the matiny break out dear John must be among his men, first and foremost in the endeavout to restrain them; and 1, with Mrs. Hillersdon and the babes, must repair to the depOt. Whether we can hold out tbere remains to bs seen. At any rate, dearest A-, we cannot hope to weather the storm wvithout disaster; so let us be prepared. I cannot answer your dear, kind letter. It gives us immense comfort and satis. faction to have your assmrance of kind intentions with regard to our poor little ones. If we live over this crisis we shall say more about it. If these are my last words to you, my dearest sister, be assured that we think of you with most grateful and affectionate feelings, and that we consign to your charge our dear boy with the utmost confidence that you wiM ever be a mother to him and do your very best for him. My svwedt one here will share whatever is my fate, most likely, and that I trust to our Almighty Father, without venturing to look forward beyond the present hour. I am so glad that Jolin is writing, for I am sure It wiU ba more satisfactory to you having a few lines from him. He is admirable, unider these painful circumstances, only de. sirous to do his duty and to trust in God for the issue. I think we should all be very tbankful for this, and feel great comfort in the reflection that he has done all that he could do as a noble man and soldier, and in a fine Christian spirit. I have little more to say ; indeed, I cannot write anything else on these harrowing subjects. MtLoh love to you, dearest A-, and to all dear friends and brothers and sisters." (From Lieutenant-Colonel Ewart.) "Cawnpore, Sunday, May 31. "My dear A,-To-morrow will be the latest safe day for the steamer, wbich will leave Bombay on the 11th of June; but we think it best to despatch our letters to-day, lest anything should occur to prevent our sending them to-morrow. We are in the nidst of the most imminent danger. Mly letter to P-, of the 19th inst., told of the outbreaks at Meerut on the 10th and Delhi on the 11th inst. We were in hopes that the Commander-in-Chief would have got together a sufficient force of European troops and gnus at Umballab by the 18th instant, and (that being 1I marches from Delhi) by making forced marches might have reached Delhl by the 23d or 2Ith inst. That hope has now been dispelled. After rema ining in a state of painful suspense and entire ignorance respecting the Commander-in-Chief's movements, our General (Sir lVugh Wheeler) yesterday received a telegraph from the Lieutenant-Governor at Agra, conveying authen tic information that the chief, having had to bring a sie ge train from Phillour (the Delhi magazine having been blown up, and there being no siege train nearer than Phillour), seven marches over a very bad road, north-east of lUmballah-that the chief having to wait the arrival of heavy guns from Phillour, cannot arrive before the 9th of June before Delhi This loss of time is proving most disastrous. It is 2 re can do to keep our men in order. During the night Sir Hugh Wheeler received a telegraph from Sir Henry Lawrence, the chief commissioner, and pro te2n. BrigadierGeneral commanding the troops at Lucknow, that an 4meute broke out among the native troops at Lucknow at 9 o'clock last night. They have only one regiment of EuropeansHer Majesty's :32d Foot-and a company of European artillery, with a horse battery at Lucknow. The e7meute was only partial. Sir H. Lawrence hopes that the majority of the native troops wiU remain-I cannot say faithful, but not mutinous. We are looking for another telegraph from him every moment. In the 6ncute last night the Brigadier, Ilandscoomb, and two or three other officers were killed, and two or three wounded. The city of Lucknow is so far quiet. Our last telegraph was despatched from Luckno w at a quarter past 2 o'clock this morning. We h ave 10 or 12 weary days to wait before we can hear of the fall of Delhl, unless the Commander-inChief expedites his movements. We hope that the recapture of Delhi will put a stop to these incomprehensible rlsings of the troops. But, in the meantime, if wesucceed In keeping the native troops in Cawnpore quiet, I confess it will be little short of a miracle. We have now about 120 &iuropean infantry and one company of European artiUery at Cawnpore, and with these and our six 9-pounder guns the General has taken up a position in some barracks,havlng thrown up an intrenchment round these barracks. Within that intrenchment I have got a tent pitched, and E- and the baby and our guests, the Hiilersdons, go there every evening to sleep and paws the night. Hitherto we have ventured to bring them home during the day to our house which is within half a mile from the intrenobment. The 3 eat is so fierce in tents at this season of the year that it is well to spare them from it as long as we possibly can. But msn-y people remain all day in the intrenchment, some In tents, some in bh.rracks-tbe latter crowding and inconvenienoing the European soldiery and their families. I and my officers continue to sleep in the quarter-guard of the reginent, which we have done ever since the night of Thursday, the 21st inst. We began it that night, and a day or two after the Brigadier, by the General's desire, ordered all the officers o2 each regiment to sleep in the lines of their respective regiments. I have also an officer on duty in the lines during the day; but I bave not yet thought It necessary to spend the day there myself. It is important to show no distrust or suspicion of our men; therefore, as much as possible, things go on in their usual course. The sleeping among them at night has the effect of re-assuring them by intrusting our lives to their safe keeping, and also of aiding the well-disposed to hold in check the ill-disposed. They have not yet heard the news, which we received by telegraph, of the emeute last night at Lucknow-at least, I do not know that they have yet heard it; but It cannot be long concealed from them, as Lucknow is only 40 or 45 miles from Cawnpore. What effect the news will have upon them remains to be Seon. TNoon. The General has had a telegraph from the LieutenantGovernor at Agra to say that, ia consequence of the two companies at Muttra (tbree marches north of Agra) having mutinied and plundered the Treasury there, which two companies belonged to one of the natlve regiments at Agra. he (the Lieutenant-Governor) resolved upon disarming the native regiments at Agra, which operation he has successfully accomplished. We have not a sufficient strength of Europeana here to venture upon this step; nor do I think Sir H. Lawrence will venture on it at Lucknow. Bat Sir H. Wheeler has to-day received a letter from Lord Canning bimself, by which we learn that European troops are arriving from MIadras and Ceylon, and Burmab, and that Lord Canning is pushing them up the country aq rapidly as possible, some 20 men a-day by dawk carriages and some 100 men a-day by bullock train carts. If tha journey of these detached parties is not interrupted by risings between Calcutta and this, we may hope to have our hands strengthened in a few days. The treasury here, con. taining some 10 or 12 lacs of rupees (100,0001. or 120,000Z.), is situated five miles from this military cantonment. It has been hitherto thought inexpedient to bring the treasurd nto cantonments; but the General has now resolved on making the attempt to-morrow. Please God, he will succeed He is an excellent officer, very determined, self-possessed in the midst of danger, fearless of responsibility-that terrible bugbear that paralyzes so many men in command. You will be glad to know that I have had the good fortune to give him entire satisfaotion by my conduct and arrangements in ths command of my regiment during these *roubles. He has heaped praises on me. If the troops should break out here, it is not probable that I shall survive It. My post and that of my officers being with the colours of the regiment, in the last extremity some or all of us must needs be kiUed. If that shonld be my fate, you and aU my friends will know, I trust, that I die in thle execution of my duty. And you and my brothers will be kind to E- and my children. I do not wish to vrite gloomily, but there is no use disgoising the fact that we are in the utmost danger; and, as I have said, if the troops do mutiny, my life must almost certainly be sacrificed. But I do not think they will Iventure to attack the intrenched position which Is held by the European troops. So I hope n God that E- and my child will be saved. The E[illersdons and their two children have been staying with us sine the 21st, when the danger became imminent, as It was no longer safe for them to remain In their own houe, four miles froml this cantonment. E- sent you a letter vi4 Calcutta on the 28th, which you will receive at the same time as this, I hope. And niow, dear A-, farewell. If under God's Provldence this be the last timo, I am to wite to you I entreat you to forgive all I have ever done to trouble you, and to think kindly of me. I know you. will be everything a mother can be to my boy. I cannot write to him this time, dear little fellow. Hiss him for me. Kind love to M- and my brothers."
THEE NLAis, &C.-SOUTHATn'rON, Wednesday.- The United States mnail steamship Arago, Captain Lines, arrived here from EHavre late last night, andsailedthis afternoon for New York with the usual French and English maiLs, 300 passengers, 250 tons of cargo, $lSO,O00 in specie from France, and about 8,OOO. from England. 1'he Begian company's Ateaukshi ) Princess Charlotte (late Constitution), Captain Pougin, went out of dock this afternoon. and leaves at daylight for Cork, there to embark troops for India. ThMs ship has undergone a comnplete overhaul, the whole of her engines and boilers being put in perfect order by Messrs. Summers and Day, of Northam; and amor- other improvements Mr. Lee Stevens's; regulating air-doors, for cooling the engine-room, preventing smoke, and increasing steam, and which have succeeded so well in the Lady .Jocelyn and other steamships, have been fitted to the firnaces of the Princoss Charlotte. The next arrival of atails from America at. this port will be by the Fulton, Cptain Wo.ton, duo ou Thursday, the 29th inst., and the aaxt outward mail steamer from Southampton for New Yvrk wlil be the Ardel, Q4ptain Ludlow, to leave ou Wedresay h 4tb prosMiuo,
INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THEZ TIMES. Sir,-The recent astonishing events in India have produced a general impression that the judgm4ants of God are upon us, and various causes have been assigned, some of which are probably far from the rmark-such as the check placed uDon the consumption of opium by the monopoly,* a^nd the cennexion of the Government with idol temples, which was discontinued many years ago. There was, however, one sin of onission which was unrepented of. God had honoured our nation above every other by intrusting to it the destiny of India, and through India of the rest of Asia, and we were criminally indifferent to the trust. To the great body of our people India was known only as a country in which idolatrous rites were practised and fortunes were muade; and even those who were better informed had an habitual distaste for the subject, any mention of which in society or in Parliament was invariably regarded aS a bore. From this apathy we have been roused by a thunderclap which would have awaked the seven sleepers, and the danger now is of an opposite kind. Rash opinions are confidently pronouinced upon the most momentous topics connected with India by persons who a few weeks ago had never given a thought to them. People are employed, al is usual on such occasions, in relieving their consciences at their neighbours' expense. We are wasting our newly acquired zeal in recrimination, and are busily employed in confessing each other's sins. Lest I sbould be accused of giving a vulgar instance, I will make the following quotation from a recent spcech of the able member for the Montrose. Burghs:- "*am prepared to join those who ask, Did Lord Metcalfe, referring to the condition of the Bengal army, say, ' I fear we sball wake up some fine morning and find that Her Majesty has lost India ? Were Dative Dvewspapers cnn taining notices of wide.spread disaffection laid before the Council of 1856? Did the late lamented General Anson never cease to represent to the directors the danger to be apprehended from the Sepoys? Did Lord MelviUe, when he returned home in 1850 (1 quote his own words in the House of Lords), express the greatest disapprobation of the condition of the Bengal troops, and was he told really not to publish his sentiments lest foreign nations shculd be acquainted with the state of affairs ? Is Sir C. Napler correct In stating that in 1849 ' a mutinous sDirit pervaded some 30 Sepoy ba,tallons in march for, or actually employed in, the Punjab?' Did not he In a work published in 1853, say, 'Mhutiny with the Sepoys is the most formidable darger rnenacing orr Indian empire-a danger that may come unexpectedly, and, if the first symptoms be not carefully treated, with a power to shake Leadenhall-street?' Did the Bengal Sepoys mutiny in Scinde? In 1849 was the same spirit rampant in Delhi? Were 20 regiments then discovered £o be Infected? Did Sir C. Napier state, on his arrival in India to assume the chief command, 'that he foand the seeds of mutiny sown in a large proportion of the native army?' These are questions not to be hastily answered, as they contain serious charges; but you will at ouce see that they call for the fullest and most searching inquiry on the part of the representatives of the people. If, however, there be the slightest truth in such statements, It is rather too mnuch for gentlemen connected with the Indiahouse to tell us that the want of forbearance and knowleege of the natihes displayed in compelling them to use greased cartridges was the cause of the outbreak-cartridges ,which, by the way, the same conscientious soldiers have no scruple in using against their European officers. (fIear hear,) Gentlemen, I believe with a 'Staff Officer,'who wAxites most aOdnirably on the subject, that the rising was a Mussulhrmn plot, aided by the Brahmins, and I think, judging at ?east from his acts, ttat Lord Csnning has no doubt of the existence of a great and general conspiracy for overthrowing British power." Many of us have heard Lord Metcalfe utter his famous aphorism, which may be fairly taken as a type of all the prophecies about India; but did the strong imp-ession Lord Metcalfe entertained of the precariousness of our dominion Induce him to propose any measures to avert the catastrophe ? So far from it, his whole public conduct was distin- I guished by adignified and conciliatory Conservatism. 1 " 1 Quieta noon movere " was the key to his policy, and contributed largely to his popularity. The argument by v hich he defended his maxim showed that he did not contemplate any active measures of reform, for, when it was objected by his friends that our administration was better than that of the natives, and that it offered rwae hope for the future, which no native Government did, he used to reply that the natural aversion to a foreign rule is so great that it could not be overcome by the most consistent attention to good administration. Metcalfe's maxim, therefore, merely amoanted to this-that 50,000 foreig-ners could not live among a subject population of 150,000,000 as safely as tley could at home. It was as if a person had pointed out that it is more dangerous to be at sea than on dry land, without buggesting any means of diminishing the risk. Since the firat establishment of printed native newspapers in India, it bas been notorious that they frequently contained matter of a highly seditious character. I ha.e frequently seen articles in the' newspapers published at Calcutta in the Persian language, betwveen 1826 and 183, wlich breathed the spirit of rark rebellion. In Mr. Pitt's timne, in thls country, much less would have consigned the authors to BSotany Bay. But how were such things regarded in India?e Conscious of superior strength and of perfectly good intentions, we used to look upon these vagaries of the native press with a feelIng of interest akin to that with which a tutor examines the exercises of a favourite pupil.t They were felt to have their foundation in creditable feelings, although we could have wished that the patriotic aspirations of the writers had proceeded upon a more just and enlarged view. They were accepted as a necessary condition of our connexion with India and caused us no uneasiness. The position assumed by us was " they may say what they like, and we wiU do what we like." The press was consldered as a natural vent for feelings which would be dangerous only it they were repressed. Since thatwe have learnt by experience that, without interfering with the just freedom of the press, we ought sternly to punish sedition. So far from the late lamented General Anson ha, ing never ceased to represent to the Dire^tora the danger to be apprehended from the Sepoys, it cannot be ascertained by the most careful inquiry that he made a single representation to the Directors or to any member of Her Majesty's Government on the subject. Lord Melville, Sir Charles Napier, and other ofiicers pointed out defects in the Bengal ormy, but none of them foresaw o- expected a *ai insurrection approaching in any degree to that which has occurred. On the contrary, the Government received assurances of the satisfactory state of the Bengal army, and especially of its continued fidelity, which might well lull suspicion to sleep, It is hard to expect a Government to see better than with its own eyes. In the years 1852 and 1853 a detailed inquiry was conducted by conr-nittees of both Houses of Parliament into the civil and milihry administration of the East India Company, the retilt of which was that the Government of India was coufided to the Company for a further indefinite period. A review so recent, so complete, and of so solemn a character may fairly be taken as a test of the state of the information possessed by the Government and the public on the subject of the Indian army. In his evidence before the House of Lords 'Viscount Melville mentioned several instances of a loose state of discipline on the part of the Bengal Sepoys, such as their rafusing to work in the trenches, falling out in large numbers on the line of march, and undressing on guard; but neither Lord Melville nor any of the members of the committee connected the idea of danger arisIngY from military insubordination with the circumstances so described. This is proved by the terour of the examination, which tur iedup3n the comparaUiie ste.e of discipline of the Bombay and Ben-al armies, and upon other secondary considerations, of which the following were the most important:- "'When you were before the enemy did you find a want of discipline 9" *'"No; at Guzerat I had no opportuiity of judging. We were on the left of the line. T1'he enemv very civilly walked away. We had. not reuch to do there; the fighting was oa ths right of the line; but they (that is, the Bengal Sbetpoys),rmoved very wrell and regularly-nothing could he There is no rllusion made in Lord MIelville's evidence to mutiny partial or general, past or f uture. The idea does not appear to have been present to the minds either of the witneas or his examiners. The following extracts from Lord Hardinge's evidence show his opinion of the native army :- "What is your gereral opinion as to their efficiency ?' "My opinion is tbat they are a very efficiernt army." "Every General offigar who gives his evidence must very naturally have a feelin.g of gratitude and admiration towards the native troop for theirloyalty, bravery, and attaohment, and can traly speak ligl in commendalicu of their excal. lent good qualities." " Nothing coald exceed the loyalty and attachment of t.'e Bengal army under Lord Gough during the whole of thin Sutlej campaign ; I do not belleve we lost 30 men by desertton during the whole time; and when you consider that theyI were or several mounths collected in a large body, from I wth 10,000 men, at Ferozepore, constantly in contact with a mutinous Sikh army of 50,000 men within 50 miles of our cantonment, Sikh emissaries constantly trying tG tamper with our Sepoys, holding out to tbem the great advantages of double pay and high rank-that is, promotion to the rank of major, lieutenant colonel, and General officer, I felt it to he a very dangerous state of things indeed, and was glad wben, by the Sikh invasion, it csnwe to a crisis for fear that so 8uccessful an example might shake the fidelity of our troops; but it did not; they stood the trial, one of the most severe that any troops ever were exposed to, by having such temptations put before them; and when they fought nothing could exceed their good conduct at The opinion expressed by Lord Gough as to the efficiency and fidelity of the Sepoy army was also of the most decided kind:- " Do you think there could be any improvement made in the constitution of the infantry9" " I think not. I think the Indian army is nearly perfet. Of couree, some regiments are better than others, but I must say, and I am proud to say, that I look upon the Indian army as most efficient. There cannot be an army more loyal, better disposed, or more ready to do their duty." - .I can speak more decidedly of the Bengal army than of the other tvo. The Madras army I had tho highest opinion of while under may command upon service in China, as also of the small proportion of the Bombay army in the Punjab. The Bengal army I think ery highly of indeed. I recorded nmy OpiDion to that effect. I feel happy in statlng that I conceive their efficiency and their devotion to the service highly creditable to them and benefical to the country." "n the course of your Iordship's experience did you lever oibserve that the discipline of the army was at all re- "When I assumed the command of the army It was immediately after the unfortunate campaign of Affghanistan. I think the mcorie of the army was at that time not quite so ood certainly as it was formerly and at the conclusion of the unjab campaign ; I consider that the discipline ard Morale of the army at the latter period was as high at it could possibly be," The popular misapprehension of Sir Charles Napier's opinion regarding the Sepoy ariny is so complete, that we might despair of the capacity of our countrymea to form just conclusions upon this important subject, if we did not recollect the suddenness and unpreparedness with which they have pronounced upon it. Sir Charles Napier believed, in common with Lord Metcalfe, that the mutiny of our Sepoy army was one of the most formidable of our Indian tiabilities ; but he had a warm and almoi- enthusiastic admiration for the Sepoy character, and, so far from anticipating actual disaster from this quarter, he looked forward to a still higher degree of zeal as the result of the generous and confiding policy which he recommended:- " I have endeavoured for above a year to maintain the discipline of this excellent army, so that I might not deliver it to my sucoeasor in a worse state than I received it from my predecessr." f The Bombay army is superior to the Bengal in disclpline-not in military spirit." " No army ever possessed better behaved soldiers than the Sepoys." "According to the 'Bombay Officer' it is right to place the brave old Sepoy at the caprice of prejudiced or igrorant ccGmandiug officers; arkd to protect those glorious veterans is to destroy talent, slhll, energy, high principle, and soldier-like pride." " Under my command at various times for ten years, In act'on and out of Lation, the Bengal army never failed in zeal, courage, or activity." " I am quite provoked at the silly way in which it is so common to speak of them (tbe Sepoys) In this country. They are admirable soldiers, and only give way when led by brave but idle officers, who let discipline and drill go sblck, and do not mix with them." "1 Yes, the Sepoy is a glorious soldier, not h be corruptsd by gold, or appalled by danger." " I think it (the Indian army) amounted, undor all sorts of namaes, to about 400,000 men well armed, welU equipped, and welU disciplned, and, I will say, well officerd; theyhave Btitish officers, and I know that wberever th,o British officer leads, you wiU not find the black Sepoy hang back. I have seen this, and seen also that wben their officers have fallen wounded the Sepoy's bayonets were crossed over to p'-oteft them. I shaUl never think of the Sepoys without respect and admiration, and when I think of the 25th Bombay Regiment I cannot speak without affection." " Some Europ,ean officers think it woold be good to abolish the native officers altogether. Thev do no. cast their thoughts back; they see those native officers almost Passive, and Judge them as they are, not as they ought to , as they once were, and a" we may be sure they will be again ere many years pass! The spirit of the ago is io im- " We have got into the habit of exalting t5e Euroneans so far above the natives that It now becomes almiost a matter of necessity to bave them. I think that bad I remained in India, 1 could have so raised the Sepny spirit to a just confidence in themselves, that I would rot have objected to go into action with Sepoys alone. When men are run down, and hear It daily said that they cannot meet an enemy without they are supported by Europeans, they begin to believe it; but it is a palpal,le fallmy. If weU drile-d the Sepoy is a brave and stanch soidier in action." The nega:iive evidence is, if possible, stronger than the positive. Besides the large emoluments received by the Indian Commanders-in-Chief as such, and as General officers of the British army, tloy were allowed 10,0001. a-year as Members of the Council of India, expressly for the purpose of enabling them to give their advice to the Government upon questions of importance relating to the army, and they had the support of a colleague in the coancil selected from among the most distingu islhed officers of the Indian army. If, therefore, they were not satisfied with the state Of the Sepoy force, and apprehended serious consequences, it was clearly their duty to submit thei views to the Council of India in the most formal and impressive manner in their power; and if due regard was not paid to them, they ought to have placed their protest on record, and have required that the attention of the home authorities should be called in a special manner to their representat-ons. WNhere, then, are the minutes of Council of Lord Gough, Sir Charles Napier, Sir William Gomnm, and General Anson, pointing out the deficiencies of the Bengal army and the dangers to be expected from them, and recommending appropriate remedies? We have also yet to learn what proceedings were tak-en on this subject by Lord Hardinge, who was sent out, at a time of great difficulty, as a ripe and able military commarder, invested with the full authority of Government. If he had forezeen danger from the native army, he would not even have had to use warning or remonstrance, for he had the power in his own hands. Sir Charles aapier did send to Lord Dalhousie an elaborale Memoir on the Defence of India a ml the Military Occupatiwo of the Pqtnjab, and it will be seen from the following extracts in what point of view the native army was preaented by him to the Governor-General:- "The defence of India is confded to four distinct anries -v;z., Quean's, Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, consisbing collectively of about 300,000 fighting n er, and 400 pieces of artillery ready for war, without including gUns of position or mounted on forts and lying in our arsenals. Tbhs is a vast army, and in good disci"line, complete in its cquipments, fnU of conrage, with aihigh militaiy spirit running through al ranks. It is also necessary to say that this forQe could be doubled without any injurious pressare on the populatior; every part of India woald furnish recruits in abundance for our popular service, and as troops they are prcverbially faithful. There are things which admit of correction, and may be put right when the Co nmander-inChief's office is placed on a proper footir"; not tlU then, But that matter shall be treated of in another letter; here it must suffice to give a decided opinion that this magnifcent army is sufficient to guard India it present, and the annexation of the Punjab does not, or at least need not, impose the raising of one additional regiment," 'It was said Lord Hardioge objeced to assembling the Indian troops forfear they should conspire. This reason I cannot ac^ede to, and have never met an Indian officer who Cei accede to it and few men have biad more oppor' .unities of judging the armies oi all three Piisidences ihan myself. Lord Hardinge only ss w the BeDgal ax ny s Governor.General and for a short ti-ne. I have contantly comlmanded and studied B:gal and BombaySepoys for nearly eight years, and could find nothing to fear from ,hem except wYhen ill-u5ed; and even then they are less ['angerous than British troops coulld be il snilar c:rcumstances." As the insufficient force of European troops was cne main cause of our recent calamity, it is natural Io inquire what opinions Sir Charles Napier enpressed on this point. The lemnoir is almost silent upon it. He observes that barracks for an European regiment shobuld be constructed at five of the HilL stations, and that more European troops and fewer native regiments are requiired for the JulI lunder Doab. In his proposed distribution of the Bengal rrmy among the different stations, he does not distingulish European fro-u ra-tive troops, nor does he suggest any gereral rules for establishing a proper proportioni between them. He recommends that "Delhi should be the great magazine for supplies to all the troops stationed between the l4pper Ganges and the Utpr,er Sutlei," but saya nothing about securing' it by a sufficient force of Buropean troops, The headquarters of the artillery were to 'be either at Meerut or Delhi. In notes sul,,equently transmitted by him from Lahore to the GovernorGeneral, he gives four rpesons for remo7nna the powder magazine loutside the waUs of Delhi, but none of tb."m have any reference to the absence of Eur',pean troops. ThefortA reason is, "It (the, pci'der, magaziue) is without de- * The tax levied upon opium in India by meaus of the monopoly, and th.ta&x upon spitous liquors in this counttv are b?ed upon the same principle-that of putting tb.' greatest possibig check upon consumption by levying tne ,highest zrate d duty which can be maintained witwout ItThLq laing h ts ikq*oundation in fsct. I have seen p EngIish e.&4ays by pupils ai the Hindeo~ CoP.ege vuon the charatesof W shlngton which coUtaued w'cat would bave been ceaoid.red ' hanging matterP ih nie!rc JeAqiq timesS b.tt at tlidkbi.e it only cZaed anen fence beyond what a guard of 50 men offer, and its gates are to weak that a mnob could push it in." The guard to which he alludes in this passa qe is the Sepoy guard, wthich had always been statio-ted over the DJeihi magazine; and he considers the ma,gazine iLsecure, not because the guard was compose'd of natives, bet because it was weak in numbers and position. Sut the most remnarkrable illustration of thre manner in which Sir Charles Napier habitually regarded this part of the subject is contained in the following extract from his evidence before the committee of the Mouse of Lords, which derives a painful significanee from reeent disastrous events:- " In your opinion, Is there a suffoiient European forceo in India? "Y es, I think then is. When I left it, there were about 30,000 men of the.Queerns troops. "H How many regimecta are there in the whole range of country from Calcutta up to Umballah? I "I could not say exactly hbut there are a great number; I suppose there are three or jour. There were two at Meerut when I came aw ay. * Lord 1phinstone. -And at Cawipore and Dinapore?" "Yes, there are severafl along. that RDne. "VYiscount C:ongh.-Ig not the greater portion of the army in the Puojab ? ' Yes." In pointing out the administration of the Punjab as " clearly tending to produce early dislke of our rule and possible insurrection,"r and in classing all the native States of India as " internal foes "-" that is to say, every native prince or chief within or without our frontier; there is not a single exception; our colour, our religion, our deeds, our words, our thoughts, our manners are all odious to them "-Sir Charles Napier gave another proof that he had not the gift of foresight above other men. I have confined myself to the testimony of Queen!s officers in high command, because their evidence cannot be objected to on thLe ground of want of impartiality or independence. The opinions of the Company's officers, civil as well as military, are also entitled to the highest respect. The manner in which the Sepoy army was habitually regarded is fairlyrepresented in the following passage from a serieB of letters on Indian affairs, published from 1842 to 1849 in The Tumes, by the late Sir Henry Russell, formerly Resident at Hyderabad, and since collected in a pamphlet:- "No terms that I could employ would surpass the high opinion I have of the character of our Indian troops. I am equally persuaded that no opinion I have of them can surpass their clarm to our admiration. Their merit, both in ef¢iiency and fidelity, is of the highest order. Much of their excellence, no doubt, is to be ascribedto their officers; but mach also belongs to themselves. They are intrinsically fine materials for soldiers. When General Conway returned to England, upvards of 40 years ago, he told George m. tbat His Majesty had troops in Europe, but an army in India. And even after the name we have lived to see those troops in Earope achieve I still hope that their comrades in India are worthy of standing by their side." I am. &c.. LNDOPHILUS. London, Oat. 19.
IN2tDIAN NA'MES. (From the Homeward Mall.) For the use of purely English readers who may be un' acqninted with Indian words we subjoin a brief glosftrry of the most common Indian vocables which are now of dillY occurrence int the nearspapers:- P. showvs tha the wrord is Persian; Port., Portuguese; H., hind6ist3f; M., M.arilthl; Ax., Arabic ; T., T3UarTam., Tamil; and S., Sanscrit. Rb or aub, P., wter; used in composition, as Punsjaub; ffve waters, i.e., wratered by five rivers. Doouh,) distriot betwren £two nsvors. Alad; P., inhabited ; in composition, a town, as Hyderabaf, c of Hyder; .Allh&bad, urbs Dei. Atr,r H. (crq. rd), 90ur, .eal, the principal food of HIIndfif Acyah, Port, x nurse; now used for a female attendaut on a lady. Saba, Z, &father; a chUd; used as a tarm of endearment or respeot. Baba log, T. S., cbildren; the- preceiing word mad lo1 from s. Iok, people. Baboo, a lfldfs tit'e, answering to ou, esqniro. Bag, P. (prop. bcgi), a gardan. Ksudsipa bcg is- tber name of a gardeI, spoken of in ietters fr4un Delkt. It is just outside the walL. Bahadoor, P., brave ;. a common title of respect added thr thme names of military officers and ol&ems'. Bam-rce Red Ar. (vrou. bakar! 1'J.t, a' fesival held by Al w'lms on th e 9th of'tlie l-tb month, in honour of A.brahan's of°ering up Ishknael' (not Isaac, ks- we 34y). Jro,n. boa,an ox ; 'Id, festivaL. Bamlxs, H., a well, Thin word ocemu irn the plans of Delhi. Bang, P., an intoxicatina^ Ietion inade Jromhensp. B-arr, ano exchange or markset-place. Bcebe. H., a lady. Begum, T., a princess, or hlady of high raatk. Bhaec, S., a brother; a comrade. Bheestee, P. (prop. bSiizfhki), a.water.carrier~ Literfall' an tz.habitaDt of bihisr, or Paradise, from the plearantness of the occutpation in such a climate a^s India. Bobac7lee, T., (prop. b4dwarcke a cook. BudgrSerow, 8:., (prop. 6ajr4), a- travelling bo2t of * larger From bad, bad; and sn'dsh, subsis7tnce. Bu7 rta, P. Ar., a bad character. From bad, bad; and nitt, essonce. Bungalow, H., (prop. bang.id), a thatched house any house. Burkandaz, Ar. P., a matchlockmen. From bark, lightning; anddz, throwing. Chialo, S., come on; used in the phrase chafo mera bhaZee, "come on, comrade; come on, boys."' Cherry, Tam., (prop. cherli), a termination meaning vilAe, hut nowv often appliedl to towns, as Poudicherry. Chi4, H., (prop. chiU'i), a note; a letter. Cho,- S., a thief. C!hap attic, P., (prop. cJip4i), a thin cake of unleavened Coolic, T. (prop. kuli), a porter or carrier. Cutcherry, H., (prop. Kachari), a court of justice; a cMivian's office. Dak or data, H. (prop. d4sk), a post or post-office; also a- relay of horses or bearers. Decoit, H. (prop. ddkd it), a robber - a gang-robber. .Desn, a prime minister, sometiimes au agent. Doab, P., a country between two rivers. voz, P., a friend Dour, S. (prop. c/aur), a foray; a raid. Durwazak, P., a door; the gate of a city. Bed, Ar. (prop. 'Id), a festivaL. Enamn, Atr. (prop. Wzt'amt) a gift; land granted in free' Pel-big7we, corruption of Frank ; a European- Fuqucer, Ar. (prop. fakir), a mendicant devotee; one who has tauen a vow of poverty. Ghazee, Ar. (prop. ghadzi), a Iuslim who fights again,t infidels ; a true believer who takes part in a holy war. Gotuzndauze, P. (prop. get-aeaz), literally ball-thrower; a native artiller.yman. Oujer, H., a tribe in tbeNorthWest Province who profesa fobe the descendants of Ruijpoots by women of inferior castes. hey are now engaged in agriculture, but were formerly robbers and plunderers, and still retain a propensity to their Haveldar, Ar. P., a native officer, corresponding to our siergeant. Jehad, Ar., a holy war. Jemadar, Ar. P., a native officer, corresoonding to our ensign or lieutenant. Jhageerdsar, P. (prop. jgird&ir), the holder of land granted for services. J.heel, E., asballow lake. J.ut, or Jaut, a race of industrious and hardy cultivators, whose original seat is said to have been Ghaznl, but who a re now foand in great numbers in the North-West Provinces, particularly atBhurtpore (Bharatpnr). ;Lotzm, P., the chief officer of police in a city or town. Lattce and Lath, S. (prop. ldUts or 14ithil, a pillar, a club. Loguet S. (prop. log), people; as dUId tlog, children S&hib toy, English gentleman; gor-d loy, Enropeans; fair people. Lotah, H. (prop. 70ta), a small pot, generaly of metal. Mohurruscm, Ar. (prop. Muharram), literally, sacred; name of the nrst Muhammadan month; the fast held on the 10th of that month, in memory of the death of Husain the younger son of All, and grandson of Mluhammad, who was slain on that day at Narbakii, in 'Ir-d, in the 46th year of the Hijrah. M undee, R. (prop. mandi). a market-place. Mvnutd, Ar., a mosque. Jumma Alusjid (prop. Jum'aah Mai id), a cathedral mosque. Neaiguc or Naig, S. (prop. Aail-), a native officer, corresponding to our corporaL Nallah or Nuilah, 11 (prop. ndld), a brook; a watercourse; the channel of a torrent. Niana, M., a grandfather; a terse of respect. The title given to Dhtndu Pant, the adopted son of the Peshwa, and son of Chimnaji Appa, bis brother. N!uddee, 8. (prop. nedi), a river. NTuuai7, Ax. (prop.l utrdb).a viceroy, literally viceroys, benmgplural of ndtb, a sicegerent; as nabob. Peon, P., a messenger;* a foot a ttendant. Poorbe, S., eastern. A term applied to the BengalsipiTh; Pore or Poor, S. (OrAXis), town; used chiefly in composition, as Bhurtpore or Bharatpur, the town of Bharazta Pullun, H., corrupt form of battalion. Puttun, S. (rop. pattanam), a town, chiefly in composition, as ShrfiRanga rlattinam; Serm,gapatam, the city of the divine DVyishnu eiat is* the ntame givenL to 'Az'ibld, and corrupted Rajpoot, a Hindoo of the military tribe or order. Rizssalah, Ar. (prop. is(dlah), a troop of horse. Bohittas, Ar., a people settled to the east of the Do6b' of the Ganges. They are originally, as the name Implies. from Affghantani, and now Inhabit the districts of Bijnour, Moradabad, Barelly, and Ramnpur. Rypt, a peasant. Sahnc, Ar. (prop. sdaib), a lord ; a gentleman, Shahza d'ah, P., prince; son of a king. Sou'ar, B., a horseman; a trooner. Subahdar, Ar., a native officer, corresponding to enc' captan. Sulkee mundee, P.H. (prop. sub:i mandi), a market.for vegetables. Name of the spot so often taken and retaken by our troops before Delhi. TlppaEl, H.(prop. tapp(id), a packet of letters; the post. 2=umendar, O. (prop. ramin&ir), landholder; landed proprietors.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES& Sir,-Havlng observed in your paper a paragraph leading to a misconception relative to myself, permit me to say that I arrived from India with my children on the 15th of July; that during our voyage home my late husband, tb e Rev. John M'Callum, wae, on the 31st of May last, mnost cruelly murdered In his pulpit during the evening sen ice, and whUe in the performance of his sacred offce, and that his children are not placed in St. Ann's School. It is true that the Rev. D. Laing most kindly and mosi charitably offered to provide for these fatherless ones, by admitting them into this useful institution, and I feel trkly grateful for the kindness; but it is my wish to follow out the intentions of my late husband with regard to our children, In as far as it lies ia my power. Rlind friends are tbsrefore aiding my unceasing endeavours to obtain for my little boy a presentation to one of the classical schools iu England, as his father wished him hereafter to study for the cburch, should bis inchnation lead hia to-seek holy orders; otherwise, to compete for the BeDgal civil service, or for the artillery. NXot having yet succeeded in my eTorts to obtain such a presentation, r shall feel deeply grateful to any one who has the power and willingness to grant one, and tbus to befriend a child so cruelly bereaved and depziyed,of- a fathers support aLd protection. Mr. M'Callum served 21 yea= in India. The last 14 yees bhe performed the duties of a rmilitary chaplain, latterly havng charge of two sations, Shabjehanpore and Seetapore, in COnde; but, nob- being on the Bast India Compsaws establiskment, I and ay. chsldrsn are left without a pensioa or maintenance of any kind, aud I am unable to provide a suitable education far my boy. Will you allow me to avail myself of this opportunity for correcting also anothe- misstatemert ? I have been told that the belief exists that a collaotio n made in one of the London c!arches " wv.s for our sole benefit !" I beg to state that this is altogethbc a mistahs. I have received no such aid, nor was it ever aonteiuplaxed ;. nor lave I received any aid from the various ecclesiastical funds in existence. From the "Indian Relief Fund" I have rnceived 101., and the comnittee have premised m. some fur4her assistance. As regards my litt)b girL also, said to be admitted at St. Ann's School, 1 beg to say that I never could pail with tljs clid; ancd it is, ssorcovcr, say inten;ilcn to educake her n yseli at home. Will you oblige ;me by cortecSing tis sta,tements to which. I allude, as they may possbly inte~fee wiMh any ulierioxi views I have for wy clslldrea. 1 remain, Sls, y-ours obedienUtly REGINA M nA-LLVIL 4, Cedl-stresb Strand, Oot. 2C
VOFRACITY OF 11se WQorD PsOxN.-Theze WaS shot lately in the neighbourhood of Inverness vwood pigeon, ni which was fourd the enormous quantity of 1,100 grains ef wheat, barley, and oats, togetber with 40 grains of pers, the barley grains predominating. This seems to be rno unlusual case. There was some time before that another killed on a neighbouring farm, in wbich were found 70 grains of peas, with a very large quantity of the diffa ent grains already mentioned; but tbe precaution of counting 'was not taken, It is stated, however, that the biya was fnll to the very bill. Such quantities by a flock ef 190 to 2t0 ef these destructive birds must be very c')r4derable in Ithe course of a whole harvest season, par+fiuljrly since tome ornithologists m,intain that such I re the digestive organs of pigeons that they are capable of partaking daily three times their own weight of food-_ Inost extraordinay fact, if true. It is needles to add 'obat the exterminatlon of such birds must be highly dea-rMblj on ths psXt o b farmer.-Ingcrnos CQurtr',
PORBIGN INTBrLIGENY. FRANo. (FROM OVU OWh- CORREPONDENT.) mThe following aPPeArod In Our secod editlon of yea. tordary:-] PARIS, OCT. 20, 6 P.M. The Con.stiutionnel of yesterday contaiaed aa article Purporting to be a reply to some remarks of Th-e Times on that very thorny subject, the passport £ystem. The article, which bears the signature "Henri Cauvaln," is meant to be very telilng, and is written in what may be termed the superb style. I think, however, that those who advocate the continuance of that odious system will be hardly pleased with M. Cauvain's arguments in support of it, as it happens that the reasons he alleges in its defence are precisely those whlch prove lts utter uselessness in pr,serving public tranquillity. "I The Times," says M. Cauvain, " speaks quite at its ease. For nearly one hundred and seventy years England has had no revolutions, while from the beginning of the present century France counts one every 15 years. The political troubies which have desolated our country impose on our Governments and our authorities duties of the most imperative kind, and which, under pain of betraying the interests of the nation, must be scrupulously exectted." And again-" The passport system, whichhasnever been an annoyance to the honest citizen, may be an obstacle in the way of culpable projects. When it deinands its suppression, will The Times bind itself to guarantee France from the professors of barricades? Will it bind itself to change the hearta of assassins and of those who employ them ?" Whether The Times accepts the engagement proposed by M. Henri Cauvain is a subject for your consideration; but I may observe, in the meantimne, that when that gentleman shows the perfect immunity of England, where the passport system is unknown, from revolutionary disorders, and declares at the same time that France, where it has prevailed in all its rigour, has nevertheless been visited at regular and brief periods with political convulsions, he advances the most conclusive proof of the utter worthlessness of such measures of precaution, and the most complete refutation of his own views. England has no passports, and is tranquil; France has them, and is frequently revolutionized. It is not true that the " honest citizen" suffers no vexatious annoyance from the system, or that malefactors or disturbers of public order are only disarmed by it. The passports of the latter are almost invariably found en rvgle, while the well-meaning and peaceable are those who are mostly obstructed. It Is not from any Irregularity in their passports that the agents of Mazzini are detected by the police; and It was not the informal character of his permit, but the merest accident, which saved the Emperor of the French from the pistol of Pianori. M. Cauvain sees nothinghumiliatingm nthe obligation to be furnished with passports. What may be his notions of humiliation I cannot say, but let any respectable individual be asked what his feelings are while placed on the sellette in the sombre and dirty hal of the Prefecture of Police in order to have his portrait taken by a police clerk, surly or civil, aschance maydirect, and wemaysafely abide by t he answer. While on that sWellf you have to declare your age, your calUing, your residence, whence you come and whither you are going; your stature, your bulk, the colour of your hair, your eyes, the length or shortness of your nose, whether it be Roman or Greek, aquiline or "snub," the length or roundness of your chin, the lines of your mouth, and the very expression of your face, are all noted down minutely before you can obtain permission from the police agent to travel on your lawful business. Your dearest and nearest may be at the point of death; your immediate presence may be required to save you from shame or ruin; but stir you cannot till you have fully satisfied the underlings of M. Pietri that you are not what you are presumed to be until you show the contrary. If an inquest of such a character be not offensive and humiliating, I know not -what Is. It is due to the Emperor that some of the additional annoyances are modified In comparison with the vexations that beset us formerly. You may not now be caeled upon by a Gendarme, at the end of every 20 miles of road during your passage through France, to produce your "bill of health," but the forbearance is owing merely to personal courtesy, and the Gendarme or police agent has still the right to subject you to the moral torture if he thinks proper. That Frenchmen do not often complain of the system is, I suppose, owing to imperfect notlons respecting the liberty of the subject; and from its frequency and long standingl they may not feel it, just as eels are popularly believed to be callous to the operation of skinning The latest accounts from Madrid announce nothing new respecting the completion of the CabinetAdmiral Armero still occupies the post of President of the future bMinstry, and the business of the Foreign, Finance, Home, Marine, and Public Works Departments is provisionally transacted by Under Secretaries of State. It is certain that the real cause of the fall of Narvaez was his insisting on the dismissal of the wretched Palace coterie, and particularly of one individual, whose Influence for the present is supreme in the highest quarter. The removal of General Concha from Cuba was but the pretext. During the long Ministerial crisis, which irritated and disgLsted the Madrid public who knew the cause of it, the Queen was the only person who seemed to feel no alarm, and who manifested the utmost security, as if her throne and her popularity were beyond the reach of contingencies, or as if both were a matter of complete indifference. The formation of an Armero-Mon Cabinet would perhaps be favourably received at home and abroad. They are both Conservative-Liberals, and the latter has long ago given proof of his aptitlde for public affairs, and of partiality towards a liberal commercial system. I should doubt the stability of a Ministry presided over by hin, for the simple remaon that he is a civilian, and the first act of the Generals would probably be to conspire for his overthrow. Neither the Queen-Mother nor General Narvaez realy desires the overthrow of the forms of constitutional government. This system is the only title of Queen Isabella to the crown, and however Narvaez may treat tho Constitution sans fafon, and too often act despotically, he will allow no one else to do so, and he is well aware that it is the only security against the absolutist tendencies of the Queen and the pernicious counsels and plottings of her secret advisers. I am assured that the recaDl of M. Turgot from the Madrid Embassy is not definitively decided. Several foreign journals have denied the existence of a note transmitted by the Austrian Government to its Ambassador at Condantinople on the subject of the last elections in the Danubian Principalities. I am assured that the previous statement on that subject is correct. The note in question does not contain any protest, but a simple ezposA of facts in the sense of Austrian policy. I may add that the Austrian Government remarks, at the conclusioni of the note, that the elections which are just concluded are in fact the triumph of the ideas proclaimed in 1848, and that the Austrlan Government has given orders to the military authorities in its Rouman provinces to keep a strict watch on the frontiers, to avoid a propaganda, which it fears. Something is said of an addreas to the Emperor of the French, which the Latin population of Syria is signing, to thank him for his frindly acts in favour of the Catholics of the East. This address, it is said, will be brought to Paris by a deputation chosen by the various religious communities in that province. I am informed that, notwithstanding the good feeling entertained by the Bey of Tunis for the Christian population of his dominions, there are apprehensions entertained for the safety of the Euiropeans established in that town in consequence of the weakness of the Governiment, and the French Consul has consequently officially demanded that the French naval force on the station shall be reinforced. Accounts from Fecamp state that the attempts made to save the wreck of the English steampacket Emperor are being successfully continued. A great portion of the bricks and coal with which she was laden has been landed. The machinery, which it -was feared was broken, has received no injury, and may be fitted to another ship. The remains of the last missing seaman of the Emperor, those of William Watson, of Sunderland, have been cast ashore opposite Epi, and have been IdentHfied by the captain and crew of the Emperor. A Ptusian naval division, which is intended to reinforce the Russian squadron in the China Seas, is shortly expected at herbourg. Thi divsvion, commnded by Captain Kouznetzofi is compoaed of three *team corvettes and theesta clippers, carrying 48guns and~ ~ 80 snn tisto be speedily followed by the steam frigate Ascolde, of' 16 gus and 360-horse power, with 400 seamen. The following private telegram has been received: " MARSEILLES, Ocr. 19. "The Pasha of Egypt has adjourned his journey to Soudan to receive Prince Napoleon. "The news of a revolt at Tripoli Is contradicted. The English Consul has pablished an order from Constantinople, permitting the export of oxen; nevertheless, the Bey's Government persists in refusing to obey it, la consequence of losses experienced by disease and the vaAnts of the country." The Directors of the Bank of France raised the rate of discount to-day from 6i to 7i per cent. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 66f. 70c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 75c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,322f. 'Oc.; Great Northern, 871f. 2Uc.; Strasburg, 680f.; New Shares, 667f. 5Oc.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 823f. 75c.; Western of France, 660f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 660f,.; Great Central of France, 600f.; Lyons and Geneva, 625f., Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 765f.; Austrian Railways, 666f. 25c.; Ruasian Railways, 502f. 50c. Cours Aua nique.-PFAs, October 20.-Cash Prices.- Four.and.a-salf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 90f. 75c. 50c. 75c.; Three per Cents., 66f. 5v. 6Oc. 70c.; Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent. to web. 7th; Bank of Franoe, 2,960f.; ditto (550f. paid), 2,9iM.; Credit Fondoer, Obli. gations of 500t., Four per Cents.. 430f. 4271. Soc.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 900.; ditto, Tbree per Cents., 385f.; Prom. Obig tions of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 927f. 50c.; Cr6dit Mobfller, 760f. 755f. 762f. 5Oo. 765f. 762f. 50c. 7671. 50c. 770f.; Discount Bank, 660f. ; Lledmonteoc Five per Cents., 90f. 35c. 30e. 25o.; ditto, Three per Cents., 5Sf. 5uo.; Austrian Five per Cents., 88f.; Belgian Four. and-a-.HAI per Cents., 98; Romans, 87i; Spanish Three per Cents., Interior Debt, 37i J. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 274o.; money, 25f. 25c.; three months, paper, 24f. 82.c. ; money, 24f. wo0. PRUSSIA. The Indpendace Belge pubhshes the text of a private despatch addressed by the Prussian Government, and signed by M. de Manteuffel, to the Pruian representatives at forelgn Courts. In this document, which bears the date of the 28th of May last, M. de Manteuffel carefully avoids declaring either in favour of or against the union of the Danubian Principalities. He simply refers to the instructions given to the Prussian Commissioner. The wishes of the Divans, the suzerainty of the Porte, and the integrity of the Ottoman Empire are pointed out as the chief elements to be considered. Prussia reserves her vote as regards the union until the Special Commission shall have, according to the 25th Artfcle of the Treaty of Paris, laid before the assembly of the Plenipotentiaries of the Powers that signed the Treaty of Paris the results of Its Investigations. In short, M. de Manteuffel says that Prussia only desires a strict, full, and faithful execution of the Treaty of Parls. The advices from Berlin of the 20th state that the King remains in the same state. His Majesty slept soundly at night. RPISST.A A despatch from St. Petersburg announces that an official order has been Issued which throws open the ports of Anopol, Soukoum-KEaleh, and RdedotKaleh, on the Asiatic coast of the Black Sea, to foreign vessels. They must, however, be provided with a Russian visa. DENMAR.K By a Royal patent, dated Gluicksburg, October 15, the King of Denmark has convoked the Supreme Council of the Monarchy to meet on the 14th of January next at Copenhagen, that propositions relative to the affairs of the Duchies may be submitted to it. ITALY. (IBOMC OUR OWN C0R EUOM;.) TURIN, Ocr. 16. In a day or two the decree for the dissolution of the Piedmontese Parliament will be published, and the new writs will probably be made out for the 15th of next month, It Is saidc The country will then be put fairly on its trial as to whether It Is capable and willing to retain representative government or not, for on no former occon have the great parties into which the citizens are dividedthe Liberals and the Retrogrades-made such efforts to secure the return of their candidates. The clergy, on behalf of the latter party, have shown even more than thelr usual energy. The bishops exhort their clergy, and the'clergy exhort their flodks, to aid the return of men favourable to the Church. On the other hand, there is the great majority of the Liberal party, under the head of "Ministerialists," who are hardly less active than the clergy, and a small faction called the "Left," but which is In fact composed of men who affect independence of any party, and which, to do it justice, is perfectly untainted by the trammels of organization or fixed principles The journals of these parties are daily occupied 'with ejection politics and election prospects now, and the whole country appears fully impressed with the importance of the coming struggle. The next Parliament will be the sixth since the establishment of the Constitution by Charles Albert In 1848, and it is a remarkable fact that never until the present election have the nobility condescended to enter In any great numbers Into the political arena. Heretofore they have superciliouslyabstained from mixing vith the vulgar middle-class men sent as representatives by the constituiencies, and contented themselves with attributing all the ills of the country to the fact of the Legislature being full of petty attorneys and village doctors; but this time they have come forward in great force on both sides of the House, and the next Parliament will probably have the glory of inaugurating defined Whig and Tory parties in the aristocratio families of Piedmont. Of the tactics of the Retrograde party, assisted by their allies the clergy, it is almost unnecemary to speak. They, of course, cavll at the taxation and unprotected state of industry in the country, and the clergy assume for themselves and their friends the title of the " Catiolic party"-meaning thereby that they alone are favourable to the Church and Christianity, and that their opponents are only Infidels and apostates. The Liberals, or Ministerialists, on the other hand, say that they know how to distinguish between religion and priestcraft, and that while they will not cease to support the former, they will constantly oppose the latter-they are prepared to uphold the Church, but they have no wish to put their heads inato the hands of the clergy. The Uioinis, of Turin, publishes a letter to-day from the Cavaliere Edward Lumiley Woodyear de Lumley, dated Naples, October 7, on the subject of an assertion made some time since, that the Piedmontese Government had offered to expel some 26 or 27 Neapolitan emigres from this country by way of peace-offering to the Government of the Sicilies The chief feature of this Cavaliere's letter Is a statement of rather an elaborate nature to establish his own existence, and exculpate his name from the suspicion under which it laboured of being a mere myth. According to the Cavaliere, he comes of very decent people indeed, his father having been a British General, and his mother a Frenchwoman; and, having established these data, he proceeds to give the names of the 26 persons whom the Piedmontese Government proposed to expel ior the gratification of King Ferdinand. The Unioun, in publishing this letter, says that, while it acknowledges that M. Lumley, &c., has given a satisfactory account of himself, and shown that he Is neither a phantom nor the manager of the London Opera, it believes the list of names and the pretended note of the Piedmontese Government to be impostures, and that it has the very highest authority for saying so. The following letter I have just received from Rome:- "Rome, Oct. 9. "You have probably read in the .onma Jourmaw of the 2d of this month a resumr6 of the Budget of Finance, by whiob there would appear a surplus of some millions of 5cudl, notwithstanding the heavy remissions made to varioum provinces by a speoial circular from Monsignor Ferrari, Minister of Finance. Another circular from the same Minister boasts of the very advantageous loan contracted with the house of Rothschild. Certainly, if all the fibs that Monsignor Ferrari chooses to publish were ready money it would be imposslble to deny to our State the merit of being a very model to the rest of the world in regard to finance. But they are right to draw a veil over the Exchequer; It is always on the decline. It would be easy to prove that we are on tho road to ruin. The deplorable state of our finances is so paten that I will not waste time in refuting the falsehoods of the Minister of Finance by ex ining each category of the budget; but I give you the following fact, for the authenticity of whioh I can vouch :- Il Te Commune of Rome beinig burdeued wli th oh expense of lodging the Fench troops, the Municipality at first provided for the charge by 8n extra tax on liquids and forage, which from 1854 to 1856 produced 195,003 Roman crowns; then by another extra tax on properties whether houses or lands, which gave in the same years 123,000 crowns; maldng altogether 318,000. You will alow that that was a tolerably heavy suim to pay for barrak room, the net expenditure on which amount to 276,986 crowrns, so that there was a surplus of 41,014 crowns. What has become of this sum ? No one can tell, and the Municlpality itself would be very much puzzled to account for it, because, although it is permitted to arrange the levying of the taxes, it is not allowed to gather them. But that Is not al. All the provinces of the State that have not the expense of bar. racks to pay are obliged to conxtributo half as much as Rome Itielf pays-that is to say, 138,000 crowns; so that the Government has a surplus at the expense of the population of Rome and the provinces. This surplus consists of 41,019 crowns raised from the commane of Rome, and the 138,000 crowns contrlbuted by the provinces, amounting to above 179,000 in the total, and that without takng into ac. count the late reductions made in the exPenditure for bar. racks for the French garrison. After all this it does not require a conjuror to produce a surplus of 1,429 crowns in the budget of 1858. "1 The following oircular has been addressed to the Gen. darmerle by Monsignor Mhlelle, Apostolic Delegate at Macerata, 'whlch shows an intention of prolonging the state of siege, in spite of the noise made about its suppresson not long since:- " ' MpMcflAL POIIC-No. 18L "'Sir,-Notwithstanding the convention signed between the Pontifical and the Austian Governments for the cesation of tha state of siege, the law on disarming is no loss in vigour, and you will comprehend, Sir, all the importance tUat the Government attaches to its scra. pulous execution. It is your duty, therefore, to renew to al the chiefs of brlgades or detachments dependent on you the order to watch, in the most scrapulous nmnner, the exe. eution of the said law. Your subordinates are autharized to make domiciliaryvists, and to employ all the means they may judge convenient, In order that the laws may have effect, All the arms which may be found In the houses of inha bitants who cannot show authority for keeping them, and delivered by the provincil direction of police, wiUl be seques. trted. Armsfoandinthe houeswofpersonshaving authorIty to keep them for person.a protection will also be sequestrated, If It should be found that they are used for the chase, or for any other purpose than that indicated in Ihe permission. The arms to be sent to the Governor of the province, to whom aU accoant of the circumstances con. nected with the seLzure will be forwarded, and a prod, verrkZ of the same will be remitted to the direction of the police of the province. BM LFG LL, Apostollo Delegate. "'Macerats, Aug. 6, 1857. "'To the Captain commanding the Gendarmerie of - .1 ~~~~~~~~,~ The Gazette de ZNice contains the following desoription of the progrem of the works at Spezzia:- " The formation of the arsenal of the Varignan, at la Spezzls, has commenced. The lazaretto of the Varlgnan has alredy smed the appeance of baracks, and offices are being established by Vlce-Admiral Serra. In the Isle of Palmara, at the mouth of the Gulf, foundations for a fortrs re being dag; the island consists of a blackish marble." SWITZERLAND. A table relative to the finances of Switzerland, published by the Bund of Berne, shows that from 1848 to the end of 1856 the public fortune of the Helvetic Confederation had increased by 4,682,854f., or on an average 585,385f. each year. On the 31st December, 1848, it amnounted to 7,078,4611., and on the 31st December, 1856, to 1l,761,315f., including the funds of the Invalides and the Polytechnic School, amounting together to 1,864K603f. At the end of 1857 the Bituation will not be so brilliant, as the question of Neuchotel has caused expenses which threaten to swallow up the savings of preceding years. SPAIN. The Madrid Gazette of the 15th contains the Royal decrees on the change of Ministry. The first is thus conceited .- " I acept the resignation of the functions of President of my Council of Mniters offered me by Captaln-General of the Army Eamon Narvacs, Duke of Valencia, And I remin highly eatisfied with his eminent services, and with the prdence, zeta, and loyalty with which he has ulfilled the sid functions. "Given at the Palace the 15th October, "The QUEEN. "P. PIDAL, Minister of Foreign Affairs." The next decrea in as follows - " Taldng into onsilderation the merlts and qualitles pos. seassd by Captaln-General of the Navy F. Armero y Pena. ronad, I nominate him Presdent of my Council of Minis ters. Given, &c." The above decree is countersigned by M. Pidal. Then come decrees accepting the resignations of the Ministers of War, Finance, Marine, the Interior, Foreign Affairs, and Public Works, each of which contains the customary acknowledgment of "s atisfaction with the Zeal, intelligence, and loyalty" of the retiring Miniter. These decrees, are countersigned by Admiral Armero. 'JIwo other decrees, ountersigned. by M. Pidal, nominate Admiral Armero Minister of War, and charge him with thie ad' int4erin admnistration of the Departmen~ of the Interlor. Another decree chargesr th under-secretaries of the departments not filled u9 with the ad interim despatch of business; two others accept the resignation of MI. Marforl as Civil ;overnor of the provnnce of Madrid, and as Aloalde Corregidor of the city; and one appoints M. Berinuder de Castro to the former post. It was certain that M. Mon, on his arrival from Rome, would be appointed Minister of the Lnterior, and M. Bastillos was spoken of for the Ministry of Marine; M. Alejandro Castro for that of Finance. It Is again stated that the chief of thenew Cabinet is in favour of maintaining the Constitution of 1845, with organic laws as liberal as possible, consistent with Conservative principles. It was believed that if he be what is called a Parliamentary Minister he will obtain a majority in the Cortes. None of the Vicalvarist Generals would, it was thought, be admaitted to the Cabinet, but it was considered likely that some of them would obtain important posts in the provinces. It was rumoured that M. Pidal would be appointed to the Embassy at Rome, and General Narvaez to that at Paris; but the report was considered unfounded.
CANADA. (FROM OUR owN OORPMoPflDENT.) The following appeared In part only of our Impresslon of yestezday :-3 LIVERPOOL, WEnNESDAY, OcT. 21. The Montreal Ocean Steamship Company's Roya' mail steamship Anglo-Saxon has arrived, with ad vices from New York to the 9th inst., and Quebec to the 10t}. On the 10th inst. the Anglo-Saxon passed the City of Hamilton, the America, the Agune, and the Toronto; on the 19th, in lat. 55 36, long. 36 W., the William Rathbone; and in lat. 6514, long. 15 W., the Royal mail Bteamshlp Persia, hence for New York. According to the telegraphic report there was a heavy run on the Park Bank at New York on the 9th, but the demands were promptly met. Stocks were generally lower, and dulL Money was still scarce, wlth an active demand. Sterling exchange unsettled and nominaL Flour was dull and heavy, excepting for superfine, which 'was scarce. Wheat dulL
COLCIESTER OSTvnW FEAsT.-The annual oyster feast took place in the Town.hall, Colchestr, on Tuesday About 350 gentlemen sat down to an abundant suppIy oe "natives." The Mayor (Et. E. Wolton) took the chai, and was supported by Mr. Ducane, M.P., Mr. Rebow, M.P., Mr. Miller, M.P., and the principal inhabitants of the town and district. Mr. Rebow, in returning thanks for "1 The Health of the Borough inembers," said the next or the second mail from India would probably announce the arrival of the troops sent out, and he belioved that as soon as they arrived and reinforced the little armies which were now gallantly maintaining their ground in India the British flag would again wave trlumphantly where It had boen recently insulted. The first thing to be done was to put down the mutiny, to stamp the fire out * the next thing was to see that India was bettor governeo. It was impossible for any thinking man, or any ono who had given himself the trouble to study the accounts which had oome from India, not to see that the prssent system of government had outlived the times. It might bave sulted the times of ga or Wel. lesley, but it would not suit the rniddle of the 19th centry; and we rmust look to a change in the mode of government, and remember our mission as a Christirm n.ation, topromote the happiness, the welfare, and the civilizatIon of the people committed to our care,-GW&
OLMSTED'S TEXAs.* During the late Presidential crisis we took an opportunity of inviting public attention on this side the Atlantic to the very remarkable views upon davery which are to be found in Mr. Olmsted's JTawiney in the Seaboard Slave States, and we then expressed our high opinion of this intelligent, observant, and practical traveller, who has afforded even to his countrymen of the I United States unlooked-for information as to the working of their "institution." We now meet the same gentleman further south in a volume of 500 pages, which records his experience of Texas, and, mmd his graphic descriptions of new scenes and of the striking contrasts afforded by the confusion of races, manners, and Institutions in a transitional state of fusion and consolidation, we still find him bent on his original conception, following out his calculations as to the false economy of cultivation by means of slave labour, and illustrating on new ground anld by a variety of new materials the waste, the loss, and sacrifice it entails. Such investigations so far surpass tho ordinary aims of the traveller, and their results are of such wide if not permanent importance, that it would be an oversight on our part if we did not now recur to them. A glance at the map of Texas, with its rivers and seaboard, prepares us for the proofs of its natural resourceawth which MYr. Ohlsted's volume abounds; I and the polyglott of its local and sectional nomenclature, its Leons, San Antonlos, Uoustons, Croeketts, Zandts, and Braunsfels denote the Babel out of which it is emerging into a settled province. Within the memory of many of its present inhabitants its population was either Mexican or Indian, and when, as Mr. Olmsted observes, in 1821, the Government at Mexico lent an ear to the plans of Moses Austin they had not the shrewdness to detect in his proposition to introduce upon their waste lands of Texas 300 Catholic families from Louisiana the concealed print of a wedge that was one day to sunder the Mexican Republic. The same yew the son of the Connecticut Impresario staked upon the Brazos prairie the outlines of the first American settlement In Texas, but neither he nor the most sanguine of the handful of pioneers who joined in his venture could have foreseen the wonderfu progress to follow on their little beginning. MIr. Olmsted ascribesl to his countrymen no farsighted design, and acquits them of complicity in any treacherous plot. Plots no doubt there were of a secondary order, and schemes little and big eventually hung upon the movement southwards. Mr. Featherstonhaugh attests the latter having come upon Houston and other bold spirits sitting up all night on the Arkansas border. But this was at a later stage, and after a spontaneous immigration had denoted the natural attraction of labour towards uncultivated land. Austin, says Yr. Olmsted, was no mischievous conspirator against Spain, Mexico, or the interests of free labour, though, doubtless, not unwilling to initiate events the cause of which would pass beyond his responsibility and control. The colonists themselves went as individuals-not as troops or emissaries-and with the single motive, in most cases, of making more money and having a better time in Texas than they could have in the States. The movement was first of aU agricultural; other influences, as the Fillibuster and slavery extension spirit, were subordinate, and only afterwards got the helm. " The land was fertile, that was the kernel of the matter." The original colonists were not slow in calculating the value of the rich acres around them, nor in sending for their relatives to join them in this Goshen. The influx of those who followed them was not, however, disquieting, and was made in accordance with all due Spanish formality. But this submissiveness involved " a few little moral irregularities" before the days came when their " destiny" was sufficiently "' mnanifest" to warrant the use of force in favour of their very intelligible preference for English taxes, courts, and laws. As regards Catholicism, not to jeopardize their titles to the land or the legitimacy of their children, they were put, grinning, in squads, through the farce of a Roman baptism and remarriage by a rollicking vagabond father from Ireland, s to slavery, though it seems to have been understood that the Introduction of slaves was prohibited, they brougoht them none the les,s under an attested signature to a 99 years' indenture. With the exception of slavery, Mr. Olnmsted patrotically acquiesces in the upshot. For a traveller who has lately ridden over the field, he says it is not easy to express regret for the simple fact that the States have ordered such an addition to their national estate, though he may believe it dearly purchased if it serve to delay for a single year their ultimate riddancefrom the curse of slavery. Since an English plough first broke the virgin sward of the sea-slope of Virginia, Saxons have not entered on so magnificent a domain. "M Many times while making these notes I have stopped to seek a superlative equal to some individual feature of the scenery to be described, and one is more than ever wanting to apply t to the country as a whole. With a front on the highway of the world, the high central deserts of the continent behind, a gentle slope stretehing between of soil unmatched in any known equal |area, and a climate tempered for either work or balmy enjoyment, Texas has an Arcadian preeminence of position among our States, and an Iopulent future before her that only wanton mismanagement can forfeit." From a letter of Mr. Olmsted to a Southern friend, and which is prefixed to his narrative, we are left in no doubt as to the incidents on which he would fix as the source of such mismanagement and prospective dilapidation. Slavery he conceives to be an impediment from the outset to the development of the natural resources of a State, for he regards it as increasing the cost and delay of obtaining for a newvly-settled region the comforts and facilities of a long-established community. Thus he works out his position by the aid of an illustration derived, doubtless, from his own observation or experience. "An illustration will best enable me to explain how slavery prolongs in a yonng community the evils which pro. porly belong only to a frontier. Let us suppose twro rocent immigrants, one in Texas the other in the young freo State of Iowa, to have both at the same time a considerable sutm of money-say $5,000-at W.posa Land has been pre. viously purchased, a hasty dwelling of logs constructed, and ample crops for sustenance harvested. Each has found com. munication with his market interrupted during a portion of the year by floods; sash needs an ampler and better house; each desires to engage a larger part of his land in profit. able production; each needs some agricultural machinery or implements; in the neighbourhood of each a church, a school, a grist-mml, and a branch railroad are proposed. "Each may be supposed to have previously obtained the necessary materials for his desired constructions, and to need immediately the services of a carpenter. The Texan, unable to hire one in the neighbourhood, orders his agent in Hoeston or New Orleans to buy him one; when he arrive, he has cost not less than $2,00 of the $5,000. The Iowan, in the same predicament, writes to a friend in the East or advertises in-the niewspapers that he is ready to pay better wages than carpenters can got in the older settlements, and a young man whose only capital is in his hands and his wits, glad to come where there is a glut of food and a dearth of labour, soon presents himself. To construct a causewvay and a bridge, and to clear, fence, and break up the land he desires to bring into cultivation theoTexan will ned three more slaves-and he gets them as before, thereby investing allUhis money. The Iowau has only to let his demand be known, or, at most, to advance asmall sum tthepublic conveyanceos, and al the labourers he requires-independent, small capitalists of lbour-gladly brng their only cormodity to him and offerit asa loan onhls promiseto p3ya better interest or wages for It than Eastern capitalists are wilng to do. "TheIowan next sends for the implements and machinery which will enable him to make the best use of the labour he has engaged. The Texan tries to get on another year without them, or employs such rudo substtutes as his stupid, uninstructed, and uninterested slaves can readily make in his ill. furnished plantation workshop. The Iowan is able to contribute liberally to aid in the constructioxn of the church, the sohoolhouse, the mill, and the railroad. His labourers, ap. presatmng the value of the reputation they may acquire for honesty, goed judgment, skill, and industry, do not need constane superintendence, and he is able to cal on his neigh. hours and advise, encourage, and stimulate them. Thus theI church, the sch ol,gndth rapidlrody r soloan in operation, and with them is brought rapidly into play other social machinery which makes much uxury common and cheap to an.I "' The Texan if solicited to assist in similar enterprtses answers truly that cotton is yet too low to permit him to invest money where it does not promise to be immediately and directly productive. " The Iowan may still have $1,000 or $2,000 to be lent to merehants, mechanics, or manufacturers who are disposed to establish themselves near him. With the aid of this capital, not only various minor conveniences are brought into the neighbourhood, but useful informatlon,-scientific, agricultural, and political; and commodities, the use of which is educative of taste and the finer capacities of our nature, are attractivelypresented to the people. "The Texan mainly does without these things. He c:m"e The imporofl his pl°anutSavhtion uatlmost entirely to slaves, corn, bacon, salt, sugar, molasses, tobacco, clothing, medicine, hoes, and plough-iron. Even if he had the same capita to spre he would live in far less comfort than the Iowan because of the want of local shops and efficient sys- I M A To my "r T a Winter of Saddle and Caimp Life on Ih Bore Cotiof the United &awxs an4d Mexa. B F,L. O1zod msoa Low. 1857. tems of nubllc conveyanoe which choapen the essentiabj of comfort for th'o latter. " You will, perhaps, say that I neglect to pay the Iowan labourers their wages. It is unnecessary that I should do so; those wages remain as capital to be used again for the benefit of the community in Iowa. Besides, the additional profit which has accrued to the farmer by rea. son of the more efflcient tools and cattle he haz acquired, the greater cheapres3 with which the railroad will transport his crops to be sold, the smaller sabstractions from stook and crops he will have met with from the better employ. ment of his neighbours, and the influence of the church andschool upon them, will go far towards paying these debts. " The difficulty of obtaining a profitable return for labour, applled with the disadvantages which thus result from slavery, is such that all but the simplest, nearest, and quickest promises of profit are neglected in its direction. As a general, almost universal rule, the Texan planter at the begianing of any season is in debt, and anxious to acquire money, or its equivalnt, to met his engagementa. The quickest and surest method of getting it before the yor ends is to raise cotton-for cotton, almost alone of all he can produce nnder these disadvantages, bears the cost of transportation to cash customers. HEa will rarely, as I have supposd, invest in a carpenter; hewillrarelyundertake the improvement of a road. He will content himelf with his pioneer's log-cabin, and wait the pleasure of Rature at the swamp and the ford. His whole income will be reinvested In field-hands. " He plants cotton largely-quite all that his labourers can cultivate properly. Generally a certain force wll cultivate more than it can pick, pack, and transport to public conveyance. Unwilling to lose the overpIts, he obtains, upon credit again, another addition to his slave force. Thus the temptation constantly recurs, and constantly the labour is directed to the quickest and surest way of sastaining credit for more slaves. " After a certain period, as his capital in slaves increases, and his credit remains unimpaired, the droad of failare and the temptation to accumulate capital become less, and he may begm to demand the present sati4faction of his tastes appetites. Habit, however, will have given him a low standard of comfort, and a high standard of payment for it; and he will still be satsfid to dispense with many conveniences which have long before boen acquired by the Iowan; and to pay a higher price for those he demands than more recent or lesm successful immigrants to his vicinity can afford. " Thus he will have personally grown rich, perhaps; but few, if any, public advantages will have accrued from his expenditures. It is quite possible that before he can arrive at that point of liberality in expenditure which the Iowan started with the fertility of his soil will have been so greatly reduced that the results of labour upon it are no longor accumulative of profit, but simply enable hin to sustain the modo of life to which he and his slaves are accustomed. " This occurs, I again remind you, not naerely because labour is applied to the end of immediately realizinga return in slaves, but because it continues constantly to be applied without the advantage of efficient machinery and the cheapest means of marketing Its results; also, because the planter's mind, which by a freer expenditure of capital at an early day would have been informed and directed to a better method of agrioulture, remains in ignorance of it or locked against it by the prejudioe of custom and habit. "I have described to yoU the real condition and its historical rationale of a mbjority of the better class of planters in Texas, as, after many favourable opportunities of acquaintance with 'them, I have apprehended It. MEy knowledge of Iowan proprietors of similar capital is not personal, but inferential and from report. It may be there are none such, but it makes little difference in the end whether the $5,000 to be expended is held by one proprietor or divided among a number. It is so much capital dis. engaged. *I have made eircumstantial inquiry of several persons who have resided both in Iowa and in Texas, and have ascertained most distinctly that the rapidity with which the discomforts of the frontier are overcome, the facility with which the most valuable conveniences and the most important luxuries, moral, mental, and animal, of old communities are reobtained is astonishingly greater in the former than the latter." A comparison of Texas with the State of Newyork leads to sinilar inferences. Though its soil and climateare superior, and the naturalreturn for labour is double that in any of the Free States, yet capital there represents less than a fifth of the commodities procurable for the same amnount by the New York farmer, and this difference is so far attributed to the description of labour employed that Mr. Olmsted comes unhesitatingly to the conclusion that the prosperity of Texas, measured by the rapidity with which the inconveniences and discomforts inevitable only in a wilderness or uncivilized state of society are removed, would have been te" times greater than it is, had it been at the date of its annexation thrown open, under otherwise equally favourable circumstances, to a free immigration, with a prohibition to slavery. Under such circumstances he maintains that its commerce would have been ten times what it now is, it would possess ten times the length of railroad, ten times as many churches and schools, and there would be no such evidences of waste as he has already found in plantations abandoned after a few years only of slave culture, and which waste he concludes will entail on the future population of Texas a debt of increased labour for many generations. The result cormes home to our English interests in a sense by no means slight or remote when we consider its bearings upon the pressing question of our scotton supply." Even our Indian and African experiments leave it highly probable that on a certain portion of the American continent a greater value of cotton can be grown with a given expenditure of labour than anywhere else in the world; and, if this advantage is chiefly a meteorological one, it may not be possible to meet with it elsewhere. If we assume that Anerica may be the cheapest possible market, and that our demand upon it, most inadequately supplied as it is, will indefinitely increase, it is a vital question for us that there should be no limits or restraints upon its capacity of production. The United States is, perhaps, capable of producing three times as much cotton as all the world produces at present, but the great impediment is the want of labour, which prevails to so great a degree that throughout the North American cotton region not more than one man per square mile is at present engaged in the cultivation of cotton. In short, the policy of employing labourers sparsely is so much a necessary incident of slavery that if one-third of the land included in the present slave states were given up to the poor whites and the buffaloes, and the remainder were divided into plantations averaging a square mile in size, the present slave populations must double in number, before each of these plantations would be provided with a labouring force equal to five ablebodied men and women. Instead of looking, however, for a greater proportionate increase of slave labour, we have to meet the significant fact mentioned by Mr. Ohnsted, that even now the tide of emigration, contrary to its normal set, which is ordinarily southward, inclines from the Slave States into the colder Free States, which already have more than twice their density of population. Kentucky alone has sent into free territory more than aU the Free States have sent into Slave territory. The same may be said of Virginia alone, of N orth Carolina and Tennessee in conjunction, and almost of Maryland, with a total white population of less than half a miUion. Slave labour seems thus to crave an increame of area, or not to admit of an increase itself above a very limited proportion to the land,-a proportion much below the land's cap-city for tillage. In short, as we have stated, the whole American cotton region could probably produce three times as much cotton as all the world produces now. If the agricultural population of Europe was transferred there in sufficient numbers it might send us probably ten times as much cotton as lt now does and this population would earn better wages than it does at present, though growing cotton atlSd. per lb. The application of free labour to the growth of cotton within the limits_of the American cotton region is therefore a consideration of the greatest importance, and its feasibility is sustained by these investigations of Mr. Olmsted in the State of Texas. On the one hand, Texas participates in that quality of climate which confers on the Southern States a monopoly of the cotton production, so much so that the Texans scarcely sell anything out of their State besides cotton, which they even find it profitable to exchange for corn raised in Ohio and taxed with the expense of a great transportation and several exchanges. If, on the other hand, it can be proved, as Mr. Ohisted asserts, that white labour can be employed there in the prodluction of cotton with satisfactory results as to the health of those employed, much more profitably as compared with negro labour in equal proportions, and with infinitely greater results if its employment was inrestricted, the question expands beyond the limits of certain American States in the interests of England, and, indeed, of the civilizedworld. Air. Olmsted declares that neither he nor his medical companion found reason to retain the commion opinion, after careful attention to the subject, that the health of white people or their ability to labour was less in Texas than in the new Free States; and some of the most interesting portions of his work are his accounts of the state of comparative comfort and prosperity in which he found the communities of free Germans who have settled in the province in considerable numbers. Elsewhere he found the uncouthness and baekwardness of the Southern Slave States,-the habitations rude, the supplies dear and scanty, and the population inadequate to the work before them. But in the German settlements affairswore a different aspect and forthir important bearing upon this cotton question as well as upon ornoe others we cannot do better than quote a few particulars. The most authentic account of these settlements is that published in the form of a lecture by Frederick K-app in the New' York Tribune of January 20, 1855. It appears that in 1842 an emigration scheme was evolved in Germany by the social stir of the time under the patronage of certain Princes, and with the support of an association of which Count Castel was the head. In 1843 Count Waldeck visited Texas as agent of the association, but effected nothing else than to secure himself a slave plantation not far from the coast. Thereupon he was dismissed, and in the following year the Duke of Nassau assumed the protectorate of the association; the Prince of Lelningen, Count Castel, Prince Frederick of Prussia, the Duke of Coburg-Gotha, and otherPrinces combined their Olympianinfluence and Prince Solms of Braunfels was appointed general Commissioner and hinself proceeded to Texas. Instead, however, of obtaining a direct grant of land from the Legislature, he made the mistake of purchasing, without ufflicient examination, a grant of the previous year, which was described as a second paradise, but which lay in reality in the heart of a savage country, hundreds of miles beyond the remotest settlement, between the TJpper Colorado and the great desert plains-a region to this day almost uninhabited. The city of Eden as it looked upon paper and the city of Eden as it appeared in situ were, in short, too faithfully paralleled. The assocLation lost its money and character after carTying many emigrants to beggary and death, but certain of the latter on their march to the promised lands, with Prince So]ams at their head, becoming disheartened, on the advice of a naturalist of the company, stopped short aind laid out the present town of New Braunfels, and this settlement receiving aid from home became a success "in spite of the Prince, who appears to have been an amiable fool, aping among the log cabins the nonsense of inedireval courts," and who in the course of a year was laughed out of the country. Under his suiecessor, Von Meusebach, who proved better adapted to the work, but who was reduced to inaction by want of funds, and by the control of his patrons at home, 2,000 families joined the assoc'ation in 1845. These poor people sailed from Germany in the fall of this year and were landed in the winter and early spring on the flat coast of the Gulf to the number of 5,200. Annexation had now taken place and the war with Mexico waBbeginniug. The country had been r.tripped of provisions and of the means of transport by the army. Neither food nor shelter had been provided by the Associatlon, and the consequences may be imagined. They were, in fact, horrible. The majority remained for months encamped in sandholes, huts, or tents; the only food procurable was beef; the summer heats bredpestilence; and Mr. Olmstedavers that theworld has hardly record of such sufferings as followed. Human nature could not endure them. Humau beings became brutes. "Your child is dying." " What do I care 7" Old parents were hurried into the ground before the breath of life had left them. The Americans who saw the struggle thought a new race of savages was come. Haggard and desperate they roved inland, by twos and threes, beyond all law or relioion. Many of the survivors reached the German settlements, many settled as labourers in American towns. With some of them Meusebach founded another town-Fredericksburg -higher up than Braunfels. " It is but justice," says Mr. Kapp, " to throw the light of truth upon all this misery. The members of the Association, although well meaning, did not understand what they were about to do. They fancied that their high protection alone was sufficient to make all right. They had not the remotest idea of the toil and hardship of settling a new country." They were humbugged by speculators and adventurers into ruinous bargains, and when funds were wanted their money was gone. Their emigrants were urged forward by the wildest statements and the least that even the less sanguine ones expected was to find "parrots rocking on the boughs, and monkeys playing on the palm trees." Unhappily, the emigrants paid for the credulity of themselves and their patrons by the milseries detailed. But these after a terrible initiation were gradually mitigated. The climate proved genial, the soil good, and the self-dependence of liberty made amends for the protection of princes. After seven years Mr. Olmsted visits New Braunfels, and finds it a perfect picture of ccntented prosperity. He was not prepared to find the Germans here occupying so important a position, but in the profitable application of their industry, in the comforts and even the luxuries of a settler's life, and especially in the traces of literary and Old World culture which surround them Mr. Olmsted concludes that they are in advance of his countrymen. But their most important characteristic in his eyes is their aversion to slavery, and its consequence-the projected growth of cotton by means of free labour. Before he got to Braunfels it had caused him and his companion no little sensation to observe in the enclosures about the farmhouses a number of parallelograms of cotton-free laboutr cotton. The stalks stood more even and regular in their growth than on the plantations, and they had been picked with more care and exactness. They looked also as if they had been judiciously cultivated and had yielded a fine crop. At Braunfels, where each house has its garden plot, and over the neighbourhood are scattered hundreds of small farms, owing to the low price of corn most of these Ihad been partially cultivated with cottou during the year before Mr. Olinsted's visit, and the' result was a crop of 800 bales, which at Galveston brought from one to two cents a-pound more than that produced by slaves, oving to the more careful handling of white and personally interested labour. In spite of the common assertion that only blacks can endure the heat of southern labour, the production of cotton by whites alone is by no means rare, but there is hardly in the South another as striking an instance of pure free labour upon cotton fields as this of the Germans. Their cotton goes in one body to market, entirely separate from the great mass exported, and from their peculiar style of settlement it may even be considered as the product of o e large plantation, worked by white hands and divided into well-marked annual tasks. These 800 bales, though but a drop in the bucket as compared with the whole crop, are a very substantial evidence of the possibilities of not only white but of well-regulated free labour in the South, and, as a sample of what may be forthcoming hereafter, may warrant the emphasis with which Mr. Olmsted insists on their importance. The other incidents of progress in these German settlements are pleasantly described by their visitor. The houses are better built and furnished, and man and horse are regaled wlth better provender than among the settlers from the States. The inhabitants have even leisure to acquire a sort of Germanlzed English, as MIr. Olmsted found from such questions as "Sire, will you to bed now go or will you for rest wait?" &c. Among them Air. Olmsted met with various cultivated persons, a member of the FranRtort Parliament, an intimate associate with Humboldt and a friend of Goethe's Bettina, and occasionally, tbough the dinner was Texan, " the salt was Attic, and the talk was worthyof golden goblets." IHere you may encounter a figure in blue flannel shirt and pendent beard, quoting Tacltus, having in one hand a long pipe, in the other a butcher's knife; Madonnas upon log walls; coffee in tin cups upon Dresden saucers; barrels for seats to hear a Beethoven symphony on the g,rand piano, with such equally incongruous accessories as "my wife made these pantaloons, and my stockings grew in the field yonder ;" a book-case half filled with classics, half wvith sweet potatoes. Or you may commonly have a dialogue such as the following:- "'And you are glad you left Germany9' I ask-ed the young man. 'Oh, yes; very glad ;-a thousand times better here.' " ' You can have more comfort hero?' "'Oh, no; not so much. t Is hard for a young man, he can have so little pleasure. These American gentlemen, here in Texas, they do not know any pleasure. When they come together sometimes what do they ? They ean only sit all round the fire and speet. Why, then they drink some whisky, or may be they play cards, or they make great row. They have no pleasure as in Germany.' "'Why, then, do yon liko it better to be here ? "'Because here I am free. In Germany I caenot say at all how I shall be governed. They govern the people with soldiers. They tried to make me a soldier, too, but I ran away.' It I In Germany, too, I suppose you had to work ver hard ?' " Oh, we work harder here ; but, b yand-by, when we get fixod, then we wMill not have to work brd then, It will m very easy, In three years I go back to Germa,ny, I1left
TO TIUB BDITOR OF TUE TIMES. Sir,-In the list of casualties in India published in 27he Ti6nes of last Saturday my name has been inserted. I shall be obliged by your correcting this mistake the origin of which I cannot at all account for. I left India before the insurrection began, and there is no offcer in the Bengal civil servico witb a name in any way resembling mine. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. dJVn2 ;5USKAUHiEY Bengal Civil Service. Clifton, Oct. 20.
THE TYKE PLEsRs.-Mr. Headlam, M.P., Mr. Ridley, hl.P., Mr. George Hudson, M.P., and other influential goLtlemen interested in the trade of the north-east ports accompanied the River Tyne Improvement Commismissioners on Tuesday upon an inspection of the extensive pier works in progress at the mouth of the Tyne. The piers will be carried into a depth of 15 feet, and about 1,000 feet beyond Spar-liank. the seaward limit of the jurisdiction of the comnmissioners, The funds for the execution of the work are raised by a tonnage rate on shipping-ld. per ton upon coasting vessels, and 2d. per ton upon foreign, up to a certain point. The commissioners have also Parliamentary powers to borrow 2i)0,000f. upon the security of the rates, powers thar, they 'have not yet exercised. The south pier will be 4,200 feet long, and the width between the two piers will be 1,100 feet. The River Commissioners hre just completing one extensive dock in the harbour, and have procured Parliamentary powers to build another. The NorthEastern Railway Company are also building a large dock on the Tyne; those when completed wiU relieve the harhour of vessels taking in cargoes. The enormous trade of the port is shown by the fact that last year 27,294 vessels, with cargoes amounting to :3,'J40,033 tons, were cleared inward and outward from the Tyne, and the more especial object of the inspection of Tuiesday was to point out to the local member,, the advanutages that wouled scocre to the trsde of the district if the Government were assisting the commissioners to carry the piers into 25 or 30 feet water, and thus make the Tyno a harbour of refuge. Down to the present time, though the Tyne, Tees, and Wear have 100,000 vessels entering them annually-one-sixth of the trade and tonnage of the whole kingdoni-no great national vwork has been undertaken between Flamborough Head and the Frith of Forth for a harbour of refuge for shipping In a gale of wind. Captain Washington, R.N., Captain Vieteh, .Ne., Lieutenant Calver, R.N., and other Admiralty authorities, are in favour of Hartlepool as the best site for such a work; but the River Tylne Commissioners:argue that their river is the best and easiest of access of any bar harbour in t:.e kingdom; that in a gale of wind masters of vessels will make every effort to get to the port they are bound for, or whence they have sailed; and that it would be better to improve the existing harbours than make now ones, and in dong so to commence with the last first. On a former occasion the River Tyne Commissioners offered to lay down a pound for every pound that might be advanced by the Government, and they Eeem determined that next session of Parlialment they will have their case fairly brought before the country. CsI'IUe MISSIONAtY SOCIETY.-This society, on the 16th inst., took leave of a large body of missionaries for different parts of the world. The two English Universities bave fanished the first reinforcement for the North Indian mission. The Rev. Dormer Fynes-Clinton, B.A., Wadham College, Oxford, and the Rev. H. W. Shackell, B.A., Pemtroke College, Cambridge (tenth wrangler, second-class classics, first-class Theological Tripos, 1857), being about to Iroceed to Calcutta with a view to missionary labour In Agra, in conformity with a resolution appended to the society's minute which recently appeared in our columns. lAdvertisement.]-The social and political reformer wiiU enasom oef S Paccslbla,,In 5cee~ PenyAlmanack!' for fnes. jsl0 pblslaid4scltd by iall nbcooteiCess and news-agents. The g.enuine 5m4Oaclc ma jlbe at eonee knowrn by observing the Imprint of
IRELAND. (FIRoM OmB 0 COOUROPOWNN DUBLIN, WEDNESDAY MOBRyG,. VICE-REGAL COURT. Lord Carlisle is about to pay another visit to England. His Excellency embarks to-morrow mornig at Kinget.own in a special steamner for WIolyhead. INDIAN RELIEF FtND. The Dublin contribution towards the Indian Relief Fund is now little short of 8,0001., and the subscriptions continue to pour in rapidly. A very Ifair amount was realized in the Protestant churches on the Day of Humiliation, and it is to be hoped that before long the gross sum will be swelled by the donations of the numerous congregations of the rival church. As yet, however, there is no sign from that quarter ; but, as it is never too Ilate to mend, who knows what may come out of the sittings of the conclave of prelates now assembled in Marlborough-street Presbytery ? It might be that among the several matters of importance which are to form the subjects of deliberation the question of Roman Catholic sympathy with the unhappy victims of Indian cruelty would not be lost sight of. At all events, it would be satisfactory to learn whether every Roman Catholic bishop in Ireland adopts the views set forth by Dr. Cullen in the celebrated letter to one of his vicars-general. After taking more time for meditation than seemed necessary for a place of its commercial importance Belfast has awoke from its trance, and a meeting is to be held there to-day, under the auspices of the Mayor, for the purpose of aiding the great work of relief now in progress throughout the three kingdoms. In reference to this meeting and its objects the Northern Whig has the following excellent remarks " We casnot comprehend the loathsome party spirit which insists on identifying half-clad women and hungry children with what are called the 'English op. pressors of the Hindoo.' There may be a good deal to say, at the right time, about the infamies of the East India Company, and the general criminal callousness of the English people in regard to Indian politics. We can also understand, as an intelligible absurdity, the Young Ireland point of view in Indian politics; and we do not see that any one should be surprised at the Yajion logically gloating over disasters to the ascendant race. But we hope there is nothing of this kind of insanity in the north of Ireland. Here at least we are rational men vwben not engaged in local politics, and we thoroughly realize that the British are conquering, must conquer, and will conquer India, and that the victims of our own blood, to our own policy, are at least entitled to our succour. In truth, all attempts to blink or evade the necessity incumbent UpOnt the comfortable and the affluent to subscribe in this matter are of the very shabbiest kind. Dr. Cullen's conditioning that the money shall not go to proselytism is very acute, but very supererogatory, for the ostensible object is stated distinctively ; and, if we make bargains while we give alms, other gentlemen might step in and say,-I make the proviso that, in case of surplus, the money shall go to a Calcutta Crystal Palace, a NorthWest expedition, or something else sublime or sily, according to taste. Let Dr. Callen subscribe and take the risks, just as he pays his taxes, though he knows a Protestant hierarchy and a decidedly anti-Papal set of people get the benefit of his punctual loyalty. Then, we hear people say, -These British in India are of the wellto.do middbe-cla8why do not their relatives provide for them? Well, the answer is,-That is an assumption. We only know that in Calcutta there are hundreds poor and in want, and their countrymen are the relatives that they are entitled to look to for immediate help. Another set of objectors urge that the East India Company should take charge of those who were in their employment. No doubt; but a corporate body in such a position takes time, hears claims, discusses, and awards, very tediously; and, meanwhile, the cry is for help. The most general and most plausible sneer is that there are sufferers at home, and it is a pity we do not expend our benevolence on the very poorest in our own streets. This is a sneer which assuredly comes from gentlemen who by no means devote themselves to the domestic poor, and who do not believe that charity diverted from India would flow into the channels which they impartially neglect. For home miseries there are all sorts of organizations, the State's and society's ; for the British in India there is no organization, and the emergency is sharp and sudden. And Irishmen, who should not forget the world's mercy to their own country 10 years ago, ought not to be stringent in putting a bitter export duty on charity." TilE PRESIDF.NTSIIIP OF T-AYNOOTHI COLLrEE, It is said (out of doors) that the election of President of Maynooth College was very keenly contested at the meeting of trustees held yesterday at the Metropolitan Presbytery, Marlborough-street. The choice fell eventually on the Very Rev. Dr. Russell, Professor of Ecclesiastical History in the CoUege. Tho now President is reported to be the favourite of Dr. Cullen, and the Ultramontane party in the Church claim him as at least a partial supporter of their principles. He is, however, an accomplished scholar, and in every wav qualified to fill the office to which hcl has been elected. TEZ POTATO CROP. An experienced agriculturist reports to a Kilkenny paper that the potato crop in two large districts of that county is turning out very light, not giviUg more than half last year's yleld. The tubers, however, are much more free from disease than he had expected. This report, it is added, applies pretty generally to the condition of the crop in the whole county, the returns not being more than half of 1850, but the superior quality of the new crop over that of last vear very largely makes amends for the decrease in bulk. THE AD311RALTY PROVISION CONTRACT, The Erenbiq Post contains the following information upon this subject:- We understand that a fair proportion of the beef and pork contract for the year 1858 has been taken by the leading Dublin housee. We have not yet learnt the full particulars of the allotments; but we believe that the respectable firm of Messrs. C. Wood and Sons, Bow-street, and our enterprising fellow-citizen, Mr. Michael Smith, of Copper-alley, are among those most of whose tenders were accepted. We should not be surprised if the greater portion of the pork were taken by the Belfast houses, while most of the beef contract has fallen to the Dublin firms. A day or two, however, will tell all about it." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, S7R J 8; Ditto for account, 10th of November), 87T 3 4; New Three per Cent. Stock, 04j Q 88 87k; Ditto, for account (10th of [Novemnber), 87 Bank Stock, 232l. Railway Debentures.-Great Southern and Western 5 per Cent. of 5001., 99N. Steam.-Dublin and Liverpool Steam Shipbuilding Company (501. paid), 46. Rallways.-Dublin and Drogheda, 1New Thlrds (251, paid), 20; Dublin and lUngstowin (1001. paid), account 160 x. d.; Ditto Half Shares (221. lOs. paid), 36 -T d. - Ditto Quarter Shares (lll. 5s. paid), 18 x. d. ; Dublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 5; Great Southern and Western Stock (1001. paid), 97,.
INVME2MIOY FOR SUBIIERGING SUBMAsRUE CABLES. -A rather numerous meeting of engineers was held at the Town-hall, Manchester, yesterday morning, to receive from Mr. John de la Haye (of the firm of De la Haye and Bloom) an explanation of a new invention, for which he has tak6n out a patent, for submerging submarine electric cables, Mr. Richard Roberts presided and Mr. Do Ia Hlaye said his attention had been drawn to the subject by the failures in laying the Mediterranean and Atlantic Telegraph cables. The plan he would adoptwould be to encase a cable prepared like that for the Atlantic Ocean in a soluble compound (the composition of which he would not now mention), capable of floatingit for a time onthesurfaceofthewater. Thecoating he proposed touse for this purpose he supposed would holdit on the surface of the waves while about five miles of cable were payed out from the vessel before it began to dissolve, and as it would dissolve gradually, so the cable would sink gradually to the bed of the ocean. By this means he calcu. ted that there would always be about five miles of cable lying on the surface of the water in the wake of the vessel, and the remainder would describe an incline to within 100 or 200 feet of the bed of the ocean, so that there would be comp)aratively little strain and consequently less liability of breakage. 2ho cable would descend into the ocean almost horizontally instead of nearly perpendicularly. Some questions wTere put to Mir. De la Hi.ye, which he answered, but his proposition will be suficiently understood from the above short outline of his plan.
A WORD OF TRUTH FOR US. I (From Punch.) "To MIr. Punch, Sir,-I was perfectly disgusted the other day by a letter in The Times signed by ' Eleanor'-but I do not believe a woman ever wrote a word of it-attributing to women extravagance in matters of dress, and caling upon us to spend less on our olothes-in fact, to go without new things this autumn altogether -and give the money to the fund for the relief of the Indian sufferers. " The letter was printed in large letters, and I dare say the editor chuckled very much over it, and thought it a fine thing to get a letter, sinned wlth a woman's name-as he would say in his slang mannish style-' pitching into' women. But, I repeat, I don't believe it was written by a woman, not a word of it. I have no doubt it came from some mean-spirited wretch who is always grumbling at his poor wife's milliner's and dressmaker's bills, for the few things she absolutely cannot get on without-one, perhaps, who grudges her even her wretched allowance, and shuffles about every petty 121. IOs. check as the quarter-day comes round-for I am certain he does not allow her more than 50l. a.year. Believing the Indian sufferers is aU very wel, but suppose, instead of calling u on women to give up their litle indulgences in the way of dress-I'm sure it's much more for tLe men that we dress than for ourselves, whether married or single-the men were to give up some of their expensive, bad, low habits-their cigars, for example, or their curious and particular wines, or their little dinners at the club, or their share of a drag to the Derby, or any other of the thousand and one expensive pleasures in which they are in the habit of indulging apart from their wives. "Talk of our extravagance, indeed! People make a mighty fuss about the milliner's bils of a certain bankrnpt's wife. Well, and if she was a well-dressed woman-I sup- ose it was her milliner's bills that ruined her husband 9 should like to know how people-even men-dare attribute this man's having got through 250,0001, to his wife's extravagance, when it was proved in court that even her milliners' biUs didn't exceed 3,0001 But that is always the way with men. They think nothing of the money they f"ing away in selfish, and too often degrading pleasures; but let a poor wife express a wish for a new bonnet, or a dress fit to be seen in, and it is at once grunts, and sulks, and talk about 'w omen's' extravagance. " And then, as If it wasn't enough to have the men talking such stuff, out must come this ridiculous ' Eleanor' in The Times, for all the men to cast up to us, and say, ' Look, here's one of your own sex at you, at last !' That was exaotly what my husband said. Rowever, as I said, I don't believe ' Eleanor' is a woman at alL I believe it's that Mr. Jacob Omnium, who, I understand, writes the greater part of 17,e Times under various aliases. " I maintain that, instead of spending too much of our husbands' money, our allowances, as a rule, whether for housekeeping or for dress, are far too shabby. We are kept perpetually on the fret to make both ends meet, I'm sure the struggle I have with my tradesman's books every week nobody would believe! Of course, it's very easy for men to laugh, and say it's because we don't understand arithmetic. I only wish they understood ready-money dealing, and not getting into debt, as well as we understand compound addition, substraction, multiplication, and division, " I believe if I Eleanor' really wants to give advice that will end in saving she ought to advise all the married men to give their check-books, and their banker's-books to their wives, and bring them their money, and let them keep it, and pay it in, and draw it out,-In short, to make the women paymasters and cashiers, and the husbands to receive quarterly allowances for pocket-money, from their wives, instead of paying their poor wives miserably insufficient allowances for dress, as is their usual practice. " I have no doubt the saving in incomes that would thus be produced would not only leave a handsome contribution to the Indian Relief Fund at the end of the first year, but would, in a very short time, pay off the national debt, if It could be appropriated to that purpose, particularly if the wife had, in every case, the option of determining what allowance she would make her husband for pocket-money and clothes. I was very glad indeed to find even from a man an admission of our essentially economical nature and habits. To be sure, it was from an Amerlcan,-the inhabitant of a country where there has been some sllght progress made towards recognition of the rights of our sex. I trust, Mr. Punch, man as you are, that you will notbemean enough to throw this letter into your waste paper basket, or refuse to print-I should prefer capital letters-this passage to which I refer, from this enlightened American writer *- *- A Word for Won eD.-Some of the papers are lecturing women upon extravagance in dress, and advildng them to retrench, especlally during the present financial difficulty. Doubtlees there are imsny cases of unwarrantable extravagance In tbis way; bot do people evtr conaider that two or theee glasses of brandy and half a dozen rteaias Indulged in daily by a man, to say nothing of fire and 10 dollar diane,,, amount to more in a year than would be requtred to dress a woman up to the full requlrements of fashion? Much of thls talk about the extravagance of women is nonsense. They are almos', univeraily carefuL and many a trader would to-day have been safe and sound it be bad liatenLed to the prudent counsels of his wife rather than the recklmes promptings of his own ambition. It is natural for mean men to eudeavour to shitt the responsibility of their folly to other ahoulders, but it is rather too much to eharge a commercial revulsion like this upon one's wife and dauhter&.-New York Paper. "For my part, I think the passage ought to be printed in letters of gold and hung up over every double-bed in Eng. land, 'eetween the watch-pockets. "lIam, Mr, Punch, " You r con,stant rea der, ____________" A VIOTIhL"
SHIP NEWS. LTVEP,RPOffT. n 91 Arrived.-The Rsyal Mail steamship Anglo Saxon, from Montreal-the Villa Nova, fzom Villa Nova--the steamer Osaipe from Cehaslonla-the steamer Ointra. from Lisbon-the Isa,c. front Archargel-the Lady Dufferso, froM DMUtIc-the steamer Africa, from Glasgow. Off the Port.-Tho steamer Banibec, the felene and Olga-the Lam. podo, the Queen of the Lakes, the Tyne, the Alice Walton, and the Aurora. Salled.-T'De Caroline, for Charleston--tbe mall stearushiD Indin, Sor Quebec-the asreamex City of Baltimore, vwith £8,175 eDecie, for New York-the Athena, for SierraLeone-the Dido, for SanFran. cisco-the Telegraph, for Newfonndland-the Dykea, the City of Man. oheater, the Coonues of Londou, the Lllas, and the Home, all for Quebec. LowNoDN, Oct. 21.-Wind at noon, N.E.: moderate broe-z and dull, hazy weather. Biss1arot. Cot. 21.-Wind, S.W. ; light, rain. Arrived, the James Ray, fromrRioGrande-the Mirandas,from Onega-the Expre,from Hayle-the Camlla, from Waterford-the Sabrina, from Cork-the Pioneer, from London-the Bereeford, from Swansea. Saled, the Maria, for Demerara-the Auguata, for LiverpooL FAnTBOUTII, Oct. 20.-Windl EN.E. Arrived, the Britiih Queen, from Gergenti, for orders aud LlverpoolL with trifilng damage, having been in contact with the schooner Juan, of Bideford, last night. Sailed, the Vaidernar, for Copenhagen-the Eberhard, for Bremzenthe M. B.. for Gloceater-the Margaseth3 and the Silesia, for Bristolthe Dea, for Limerick. BEasRwic, Oct. 20.-The Countezm, from Archangel for Grinsby, is stiL ashore on the Boss Sands. The cargo Is being discharged, and it iB hoped sbe will he got off to-morrow. 8he is makig a lisle water, but the cargo is nearly all dry. P.A.DSTOW, Oct. 19.-The Abigail, from Newport for Rotterdam put in hero yesterday masking three feet of water per hour:; she ha bheen Burveyed, and muot discharge. NEWCASTLE, Oct. 19.-The Brockett. from Quebec for this port, which was got off the rorks at Balranald previous to the 21st of Sep. tember, went ahore. here again, and became a totol wreck. As much of the cargo as cooid be raved was being landed. WsarBsY, Oct. 19.-The Thomas and Betrey, of this port, from Shields for Stroud. was in contact oa the night of the 17th anst. near the Spurn Light vrith the Lively, of this port, and sank coon after. warde; crew landedbheroeby the Lively. BA]] X7, Oct. 7.-The Vivandigre of Yarmouth, was loet off Aheria, Sept. kl ; crew sayed, cargo totally Uot. QcEsEs, Oct. 9.-The Waterford, from Wzterford for this port, was abandoned on the 24th of September, havingbeen dismasted the pre vious day off Antacoste; crew saved by the Devon, arrived here. COimsTLNSsAN,D, Oct. 11.-The Prussian schooner Gluck-za-Kruger. of and from Stettin for Stockton, Put In yesterday leaky with other damage, and muet diecharge and repair, having encountered badl wrather aud been tbrown on her beamends. N Ew Yo I:E Oct. 6.-The brig Olio, from Quebec, Aug. 30. for New. castle, was abandoned on the 15th of September with eoven feet of water in her hold, having sprung a leak and been etruck by seas in heavy weather experleed from the 7th to the 15'h of SeDtember; cnew taken off by the Sagamoro, arrived here from Sunderland. GRAVESEND, Ocr. 20. (By MAGsNIo TELWosAyff.) (From Lloyd's.) Arrived.-The Laura, from Calemborg-the Jane, from Memel-the Sunshine, from the Mauritius-the BEret, from GraveLnes. Salied.-The Arab, for Patras. OCTOBER 21. 9.30'a.m.-tWnd, N.W.; tide, last hour's ebb; hazy. Arrived.-The Franken, from Memel-the steamer Batavier, from Potterdam-the steamer Schiedam, from Schiedam. SaUed.-The steamer Lord J. Russell, for Dunkirk. 1 p.m.-Wind, N.N.W.; tide, fourth hour's Send; cloudy. Arrived.-The steamer Rhire, from Ioulogne-the oteamer Holland, rom Ostend-the steasner Neptune, from Havre-the steamer Sir R. Peel, from Dankirk-the steamer Taurus, from VareL Salled.-The steamer Belgium, for Ostend-the steamer Panther for Boulogne-the Shelourne, for Rangoon-tbe steamer Ceres, fo: Rotterdam. 3 p.m.-Wind, N.E;: tide, high water; cloudy. Arived.-The Idawall, from Gottenburg-the Ann, from Stettinthe Burlington, from Colombh-the Ostricb, from Madrae-the Hedwig, from Rander-the Holyrood, from Callao-the Edith Poppe r from Moulmein. 7.30 p,m.-Wind, N.; tide, fouir hours' ebb; moderate, with rain. Arrived.-The Ens lish Rose, from Stockholm-the John and Mari, from Aarhauo-the Earl, from Sanderland-the lIero, from Dantsic. Sailed.-The steamer Concorda, for Rotterdam-the Stadt Dorderecht, for Dordt-the steamer Moeelle, for Hamburg-the steamer Weener, for Weener-the steamer Veata, for Oporto. DEAL, Ocr.!21. (BY MAorrrETi TELEstAPIT.I (From Lloyd's.) 9 a,m.-Wind, N.W.; light and fine. Passed.-The Sidon, from Buenos Ayres-the Thomas and John, from Riga for Bridport-the Lodon, for Guada'oupe, and the Miargar t KnIght, for Havre, both from Neweastle-the Edmund, from the north for the west-the Dolphin, from Africa for London. Noon,-Wind, W. by N., light, Passed.-The Sate Hermanet, for LiverDool, and the Hebe, for Car. dl ff, both from London-the Galam, from Newcastle for Senegal. Ancbored.-The Wave, from Amble for Bordeaux. 2 p.m.-Wind, N.N.W.; moderate. ramsed.-The York (in tow), from Madras for London-the Sea Star, from London for Sbanghai-the ateamer Viscount Canning, from Lon- 0on for Caleutta (at 12 p.m.). 7.10 p.m.-Wind. N.W.: light. Arrived and Pased. -The Cbarlotte, from Newcastle for Gibreltsr-the Adelhide, from SBremen for Buenoa Ayrea-the Commo. dore, from Shieldse for Constantinople. Arrived and Anchored.-The Iss, from Yarmouth for Leghorn-the Hope for Adelaide lout back). The Dolphin from Africa for London, ie belng euppLed with an aun chor and chain, to reDlace otbers loot in the country. VESSELS lSPOKENs WTrr. The 5Icming Light, standing soutb, Sept. 17, in lat. 24 S., long. 20 W. The Eureka, Sept. 19, In lat. 1S S., long. 28 W. The Alma, bound couth, Sept. 22, in lat. 8 B., loDg. 28 W. The Buston, from Liverpool for Adelaide, Sept. 24, In lat. 1 B., long. S7 W. The Royal Stuart, from Calcutta for Havre, Sept, 28, in lat. 10 N., long. 26 W,. The:NeptunO's Favourite, eteering onuth, Sept. 29, In lat. 11 N., long, 27 W. The Pierre, from Algoa Bay for London, Aug. 1, In lat. 20 S., long. SE. The Vlctoria and Albert, from Rangoon for London. June 11, in lat. OSB., long. 9t E. The Great Bistian. from Bombay, July 12, in lat. 35 8., long. 26 E. Tl'e Spirit of the Deep, from Liverpool for Shanghai, aRg. 23, in lsat 2 N., long. 2i W. The P. Rendleton, from Newcastle for New York, Sept 130, in the Gull of Canto. The Caledonia, from Aberdeen for Australla, Oct. 16, In lat. 49 N., long. S W. The brig Julla, from Shields for the West Indles, Oct. 8, in lat. 41 N,, The hinBtsns,of nnan frm Lveroolfor Valparaiso, Oct. 12, in lat. 47 N., lone. 8 WW lO . L2, Tho hark ESdward Bousteaf, from Bombay, July 29, in 1st, 15 If, long. 77E, Tha brig Dolphin, steering moth, Sept. 24, in sat. 10N, long. 27. W l The Emprers, from Idverpool fcc Calcutta, Aug. 6, mist. 858,, lonss. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRTDGB: THS DAY. Morning .. 2 mon, atbr 4) Alternoom ., 16 min. aftft f
BANKRUPTOY COURT, Banghaa-srA Oct. 2L THE HOUSEHOLDERS BREAD AND FLOUR COMPANY fLThflTEv,I In roference to this case, as reported in T7he TimCe of Friday last, wo havo received four more letters. Mr. T B. eller, of 15, Duke-street, Adelphi, states that " he never had anything to do with the company, nor authorized the use of his name as a director ;" Mr. George G. Styles, of Kinock-hall farm, Swanscombe, that he was " surprised to see his name published as one of the directors, as he never hadcany interest in or communication with the company.' The Rev. R. P. Haughton, of Southend, Essex, that I he has not had any connexion with the company; that upon being solicited he distinctly declined to become one of its trustees; and that upon observing that his name appeared as such in a prospectus he desired that it should be forthwith withdrawn ;" and from Mr. IL Croysdifl, accountant, that, " so far fromn having been one of the auditors, he never before even heard of the company, and that the use of his name in the prospectus was wholly without his authority." The whole affair would appear to show the necessity that exists for the fullest pub3city in such cases,-first, as suggesting to persons of respectability how circumspect they should be in lendig their names towards the formation of companies which may turn outto he only bubbles, or something mere;end next, to the public, that they be not deluded into becoming shareholders in companies by the appearance of respectable names in prospectuses.
MIDDLESEX SIO Wednceday, Oc4 2L (Before Mr. CnSAsY.) James Harris, a boy, and William Snoxhill, 20, were indicted for a misdemeanor. The charge was framed under the 3d and 4th of Victoria, chap. 97, sec. 15, which enacts that every person who shall wilfully do, or cause to be done, anything in such manner as to obstruct any engine or carriage using any railway, or to endanger the safety of any person conveyed in or upon the same, or shaU aid or assist therein, shall be guilty of a misdemaeanour, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the discretion of the Court before which such person shaU have been convicted, to be imprisoned with or without hard labour for any term not exceeding two years." The offence charged against the prisoners was that they did unlawfully discharge a loaded gun at a train, with intent to endanger the safety of the persons then passing along, and being upon the Great Northern Railway, near Potter's-bar, in this county." MIr. Cooper prosecuted; Mr. Poland defended Harris. The younger prisoner, when called upon to plead, said, "I aml not guilty; for I only fired at a blrd over a quick hedge, and didn't mean to hit the train." Snoxhill said he vas there by accident, and had nothing to do with the gun. From the evidence of several witnesses It appeared that on the 2d Inst. a ballast train was on its way towards London on the Great Northern Railway, 15 plate-layers and labourers being In the break van. About a mile from Potter's-bar there are two cuttings, with a short piece of level between them, and as the train emerged from one and was entering the other a gun was fired, and the persons in the break were startled by a number of shots striking the side. On looking out they saw the prisoners In a field, the younger one with the gun in his hand, and the other pointing to the train and laughing. The train was stopped at Potter's-bar, and on an examination of the lbreak 12 shot marks were found. The gun had been charged with small stones about the size of peas, and several were extracted from the side of the break, having penetrated nearly half an inch. The under-guard, who had charge of the break, and several of the men went back 'o where the gun was discharged, and there they found the prisoners, who were taken Into custody. The gun was then loaded with amall stones. The defence set up by Mr. POLIcn was, that the boy was sent into the field to scare birds with the gun, and was intrusted with powder, but not shot; that seeing a bird on a hedge he put a handful of gravel and small stones into the gun and fired, when the train came out of one cutting, and before it completely entered the other the contents strock the break, which was at the end of the train. The jury, after the learned judge had summed up, adopted the view suggested for the defence, and Acquitted thMr. er,ASY quite concurred in the verdict, and said such a boy as Harris ought not to be intrusted with a gun, and he hoped would not be again. Joseph Knight and William Cole were indicted for having stolen eight coal-sacks, the property of Lea and Co., coal merchants, of Elghbury and other places. Knight pleaded " Guilty." Cole was found Guilty, Mr. CREAsY deferred the sentence. Mr. Poland prosecuted; Mr. Ribton appeared for Knight, Mr. Metcalfe for Cole.
SUBRBY QUARTER SESSIONS. KflIGSTON. O0rr. 21. (Bejore Mr. E. PFEIYRN, Chairman, and a Bench of MAagistraes.) The Court was occupied to-day in hearing applications for the renewal of music and dancing licenses. Upon the application of Mr. KLN,PP a license for music and darcing was granted to the Royal Gardens, Vauxhall, but with the restrictions that there should be no baUloons, and that the gardens should bo closed at 12 o'clock. A similar license was granted to the Royal Surrey Gardens, the same conditions being antiexed to it. Mr. KnNAPP then applied for a renewal of the license for music for the Flora Gardens, Wyndham-road, Camberwell. Mr. Lund, the superintendent of the P division of police, informed the Court that, although a license had only been granted for music for these gardens, dancing was constantly carried on there, and a regular dancing platform was erected. Mr. KNAPP said that the present proprietor of the gardens, M. HEallewell, only came into possession of the premises in April, and he war not aware that he was doing wrong, and, under these circumstances, he trusted the Court would renew the license upon the understanding that there should be no dancing in future. Mr. Hallewell said that under the former proprietor there had always been danoing, and he consequently thought that he was justified in having the same sort of Damusement, particularly as no complaint or caution had been made by the police. The CHhiL41IAN, after consulting with his colleagues, said that the license would be renewed on the present occasion, hut would only be upon the understanding that no dancing should be permitted in future. M Ar. KAPP then applied for a renewal of the license for music for the Surrey Canal Tavern, Old Kent-road. Superintondant Lund informed the Court that in this case alsO anoing had been constantly going on in the house, although Mr. Gilham, the proprietor, was perfectly aware that he had only a license for music. He had kept the house for a great many years, and must have been perfectly well aware that he was infringing the law. The Ci3rAY said the Court considered that in this case there had been a wilful infringement of the license, and they would therefore not grant a renewal. Iacence refused. Mr. KJ?APP then applied for a renewal of the license for music and dancing for the Manor Rouse Tavern, adjoining the Royal Surrey Gardens, Walworth. Mr. Lund also opposed the granting of this licence, upon the ground that the place was resorted to by prostitutes and other disorderly persons, that it was kept open at unseasonable houses, thereby annoying the inhabitants of the nelghbourhood, also that the grounds had been used for the purpose of holding an illegal fair, and that the proprietor, Mr. Whale, had been fined for assaulting and obstructing the police. Mr. KNAPP, in addressing the Court in support of the application, said he was instructed that there really were no grounds for the opposition to It made by the police, and that the real object of the course that had been taken was to benefit the Surrey Gardens, which were close adjacent to the premises of Mir. Whale, and give them a monopoly. With regard to the complaint respecting the fair, all that was done was to have what was called a fancy fair, -a proceeding which took place every day, and which was patronlzed by some of the highest and most respectable portions of the community, and, although Mr. WVhale was summoned before a magistrate by the police for having this fair upon his premises, upon the supposition that it was illegal, the magistrate at once dismissed the complaint. With reference to the assault and obstruction of the police in the execution of their duty, he was instructed that aU that was done was that Mr. Whale refused to allow the inspector to go out of a private door and detained them for two or three minutes, and, although, of course, he would not attempt to dispute that the magistrate was 3ustified in deCiding that this amounted to an ob. struction of the police in the execution of their dutv, stiUl he submitted that it really was a very trifling mattor, and thhaettOhere were no grounds for refusing a renewal of the MIr. Lund, the superintendent of the P division, and an inspector named Worels, and a sergeant named Coppin were then examined by the Court, and they stated that the gardens of the Manor-house Tavern were constantly resorted to by prostitutes, and that they left at 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning, and that they were frequently very noisy, and that the inhabitants had made repeated complaints to the police upon the subject. In answer to questions put by Mr. K.NAPP, the officers admitted that amusements of a similar nature had been carried on at the Surrey Gardens, but they said that the audience attending these gardens always left at a much earlier hour. Mr. Whale, the proprietor of the tavern, was then sworn, and he stated that he had always endeavoured to conduct the establishment in a respectable manner, as he had laid out several thousand pounds upon the premises, and it was his interest to do so. He had been offered money by the proprietors of the Surrey Gardens for his premises, and cause he refused the offer they were endeavouring to destroy his property, and he asserted that they were the real parties w?o were opposing him on the present occasion. The CIIAIRMAN, after consulting his colleagues, said that the Court were of opinion that the police were only doing their duty in giving information to the magistrates in reference to these matters, and they were of opinion that lr. Whale had not quite conducted his establishment in the manner he ought to have done. They would not, however, go to the extent of depriving him of his license altogether, hut would restrict him to having music only. A license for music only was accordingly granted.
POrrL?C. MANSTON-HOUSE.-Charles Stewart Mills, a young man of about 20 years of age, formerly clerk to Mr. A T. Hewitt, solicitor, of Nicholas-lane, was brought before the LoB]D MTYOR, upon remand, In custody of Huggett, the detective officer, charged with having feloniously forged and uttered a check of his master' for 2501., with intent to defraud Messrs. Hankey and Co., the bankers. MIr. Mullens, solicitor to the Committee of Bankers for Protection from Forgeries and Frauds, again appeared in support of the prosecttion. The prisoner was not defended by a legal advl6er. Mr. Hewitt, the prosecutor, was further examined, and said,-I now produce my checkbook. The forged check for 2501. fits with the counterfoil at the end of the book. When I was out the prisoner had access to the drawer in which the checkbook was locked. About once in every six nuonths it was the prisoner's duty to sort the cancelled checks and tie them up in a bundle. I have missed several checks from that bundle. I cannot say whether the body of the check is in the handwriting of the prisoner, but it certainly looks like it. I have eamined the 1001.-note produced, and the 501.-note numbered 40,030. The latter has written on the back of it, " Robert Silvester, Manor-street, Clapham." Mr. Silvester is a client of mine, and the endorsement is not in his handwriting. It is my strong belief that both the writing and the figures have been put there by the prisoner. The same romark applies to the other 501.-note, which is endorsed "Robert Farley, 3, Newcastle-street, Strand, Mr. J. J. Bunning, clerk to Mesr Clutton and Co., sohctors, in High-street, Southwark, said, I was formerly clerk to the prosecutor at the time that the prisoner was in his service. I am well acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting. The body of the forgod check very much resembles my own handwriting. I see no resemblance in it to the writing of the prisoner. The writing and figures on the two 501. notes I beleve to be in that of the prisoner. Mr. W. Todd, clerk in the Issue Department of the Bank of England, proved that the one 1001. and the two 501. notes had been exchanged at the Bank for gold. Mr. B.. Farley.-I live in Newcastle-street, Strand. The endorsement on the back of one of the 501. notes, purport. ing to be mine, was not made by me; nor was it written by my authority. About a month since the prisoner entered my coffeeshop and was supplied with a rump steak supper, which he had no monoy to pay for. I took off his cap and detained it tillhe sent for a shiling and paid for his repast. (Laughter. Mr. H. Thompson, coffeehousekeeper, of 24, Charing-cross. The prisoner stayed at my house for three weeks, and left on the 6th ult. in my debt. He passed by the name of Fred. Rutland. [This was a name in which several suits of clothes had been obtained by the prisoner the bills being made out to " Fred. Rutland, Esq.'] Ee lso passed under the same name at Ryde where he managed to victimize several hotelkeepes, at whose establishments, however, he had previously spent latrge sums of money (the produce of the forgery) when he visited that fashionable watering- place for the purpose of counteracting the effects of the aebauchery in which he had been revelling in the Hay- Huggett, the detective officer, who apprehended the risoner at a coffeeshop in Farringdon-street, produced a letter he found on the prisoner signed "Fred. Rutland." The prisoner, who declined putting any questions to the witnesses, and said he should reserve his defence, was fully committed for triaL As the prisoner was in the act of leaving the dock, a tailor whose name did not transpire entered the box, and said, My Lord Mayor, pray what sm I to do for my money? I made the prisoner the "middy's" uniform he now wears, andI have nevetrl been able to get the money for it, although it fits The LORD MAYOR.-The clothes appear to fit him very well, but I think you must wait till we have done with him at the Central Criminal Court. (Laughter.) The applicant bowed and retired. John Briley and James Pritchett, who had been several times remanded upon the charge of feloniously receiving a case of bristles of the value of SO., which had been stolen from the premises of Messrs. Joseph and Turner, bristle merchants, St. Mary-Axe, were brought up for final exami. nation. The prisoners, who said they should reserve their defence, were fully committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. The LORD MAYOR requested thae the press would acknowledge the receipt of 11. from the Jury at the Mayor's. court (per Christopher Fitch), as a donation to the poorbox. BoW-sTRnnn.-WilHam Sullivan and John Bolyne were severaUly brought up on charges of uttering forged notes. Sullivan stood remanded on a charge of having passed a forged 51.-note at the shop of Mr. Cowland, tailor, in St. Martin's-lane. He entered with another man, who tried on a coat and waistcoat, purchased them, and tendered the note in question in payment, on the back of which he wrote the name of "Willia l Howard." The prisoner, however, took tha leading part in the purchase, selecting the articles and fixing the price. Mr. Cowland desired them to wait while he went for change, but when he returned they had decamped with the clothes. Finding that the note was a forgery he kept a sharp lookout for the men, and seeing one of them (Sullivan) in the street the same day gave hiun in charge. While Sullivan was under remand Bolyne was taken on two charges of passing forged notes elsewhere, and remanded to the soe day as Sullivan (yesterday) in order that Mr. Cowland might see him. Mr. Cowland now expressed his belief that he was the same man who had accompanied Sullivan, but was unable to speak positively. The signature "WiUiam Howard" very much resembled the handwriting of Bolyne in similar endorsements on the back of the notes uttered by him, His Worship, however,did not think this enough to justify including Bolyne in the charge with Sullivan. The latter was committed for trial. Bolyne was then charged with uttering two forged 5l. notes, one on the 1st of September to John Phillips, who keeps a coffeeshop in High-street, Bloomsbury, and the other, on the 10th inst., to Richard Leman, aiso a coffeehouse keeper, in Compton-street, Brunswick-square. Phillips, before changing the note, had taken the precaution to show it to some of his neighbours, who agreed in pronouncing it genuine. The prisoner was committed for trial. MARYLEBO.NE.-John Marks, coachbuilder, Bell-street, Edgware-road, Samuel Marks, his brother, and Abraham Simmonds were brought up on remand, charged with having been concerned in fraudulently disposing of property amounting to many thousand pounds suboequently to a fiat of bankraptey against the first-named prisoner. The particulars of what previously transpired have appeared at some length in our paper. The court was crowded to excess.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~o fa Mr. Gifford attended for the prosecution, Mr. Soloroons for John Marks, and Mr. Abram, in the absence of Mr. Sleigh, for Samuel Marks and Simmonds. The first witness caUed by Mr. Gifford was Stephen Stringer, coachplater, No. 2, Nottingham-street, Marylebone. Mr. Gifford.-You are a creditor of John Marks, are you not?-I am. Mr. Gifford.-To what amount ?-2941. 19s. 7d. Mr. Gifford.-Among the articles with which you supplied him was there silver plated carriage beading ?-Yes. Mr. Gifford.-Have you since seen some beading in the Baker-street Bazaar ?-I have. Mr. Gifford.-Do you believe that it forms a portion of that which you supplied John Marks with ? Witness.-I think it's the same, but I can't swear to it. Mr. Gifford.-You are the petitioning creditor, I believe ? Witness.-Yes; and to the amount of between 7001. and 800!. Mr. Gifford.-How long ago is it since you saw the beading at the bazaar?-Three or four weeks. Mr. Solomons.-The bankruptcy was the act of John Marks himself ?-Yes. Mir. Abram.-Are you positive that the beading you have spoken of was the same that you supplied the bankrupt with ? Witness.-I wiUl not swear to it, but it's very much likeit. Henry Harding was next examined by Mr. Gifford.-I am in theemployofMr. Mlorgan.a coachruaker, in the Edgware-road. I was formerly ia the employ of John Marks, I was for some time employed by Samuel Marks. Ir. GiffordL-Were Simmonds and Samuel Marks at all engaged in business together ?-They were. A letter was produced and handed to witness. It was worded thus ' Dear BIl1-I hive been to Margate, and have only lust come home You say you ave been without anything to eat. but I want you to cmne home to my house lminediately.-x ours faithfy a~. COLEMAN. P.8.-Don't write to anybody that you are oominig or you will be sorry. Mind what I say, there's ag good fellow. o By Mr. Gifford.-This letter to the best of my belief is in the handwriting of Samuel Marks. (It was addressed to a former witness nanied Molloy, who was closely questioned by Mr. Sleigh as to whether he had not told Samuel Mlarks that if he did not get 2001. he would transport them alL) MIr. Gifford.-Your worship will remember that on a former day the witness Coleman denied that the letter was written by him. Some of the cards which had been on packages containing goods sent to Reigate, Cambridge, WVeymouth, and Ipswich, were here produced and handed to witness. Mr. Gifford.-Can you swear that these cards, or any of them! are in the handvriting of Samuel lMarks ? Witness.- canuot ; they are written in a large hand, and I can only say that the writing resembles his. In reply to further questions from Mr. Gifford, Witness said, he was in the employ of Mr. Samuel Marks from September, 1856, to January last. He bad had no connexion with either of the parties since. Knew something about some cans containing varmish; they were left at Samuel Marks's house in Queen-street. They were packed up in crates. Molloy was then engaged in packing them. By Mr. Abram.-I will swear that the letter produced is in the handwriting of Samuel Marks; I mean to the best of my belief. hIr. Whitmore, official assignee in the bankruptcy of John Marks. said, in aswer to Mr. Abram, that on his questioning the bankrupt as to whether he had given up all his property he replied that he had done so with the exception of what was on its way to Australia, and of which he had given an account. He gave witness the bills of lading; they had no reference to the present charge. Never received information from the bankrupt that he had goods either at Ipsnioh or Reigate. Mr. Solomon here observed that between 4,0001. and 5,000l. had been paid into the Court of Bankruptcy to the c-dit of the bankrupt. Mr. George Butler, an awcountant in the case of the bankruptey in question, gave evidence to the effect that, ad. mitting that John Marks's statement which he had made was correct as to the property, there was still a deficIency of 6,6291. 17s. 9d., which had not as yet been traced. Another witness was examined, and, after a protracted inquiry, which excited a considerable degree of interest in a crowded court, the prisoners wore fuUy committed for WORSHwP.STREETR -Willia Clarke, 28, engine-driver in the Eervice of the Eastern Counties Railway Company, was cbarged. under the 5th and 6th of the present Queen, chap. 97, 'ith the following extraordinary conduct:- Mr. Superintendent Kent attended on the part of the railway company, and Mr. Lewis, of Fly-place, appeared for signalman at the Mile-end station, stated, -On Friday night, the 16th inst., I was on duty at Mileend, and about 20 minutes to 12 showed a green light as a signal to an engine which was pasging me, which it was the dnver's duty to look at, and the meaninr of which was that he was Dot to go at more than about five miles an hour. The engine was goin,g to bring out a train, but I don't know from whnat I saw of him that it was the prisoner who was driving it. It is about 800 yards from the light I showed to the Brick-lane semaphore, and in that direction the engine passed me. WiWiam Cockett, signalman at the Brick-lane station. -At the time in question I put up the danger signal at my station for an engine, No. 240, to draw out, with the train attached to it, from the siding, and cross on to the other lne. It was then 25 minutes to 12, and the signal shown was a clear red light. The driver of 240 engine came out of the siding, and was crossing the line, when the prisoner who was driving engine 239, and ought to have stopped xi the auxilary signl 400 or 500 yards before he came to me, passed me with his engine at the rate of 20 miles an hour, and had only done so but a very few yards when I heard sk ioud crash. There Is a direction board close at hand, ordering that no engine at that spot shall go at a greater speed than four or five miles an (our, though some engines do sometimes pass the board at the rate of 10 or 12 miles. I saw 240 engine put back a little when I showed my handc light, and the driver gave a whistle. I showed him a whita light, but on seeing the defendant's engine coming at such u. pace that he would not be able to stop it I then turned on the red light, John Fairchild.-I am a cleaner of engines, and saw thel accident on this occasion. I was with the defendant on his engine, 239, and saw one or two danger signals, I believe, between Mile-end and Brick-lane. I was sober and so wax defendant, whose attention I called to the signals. He rephed "11 All rht; we are right enough. I'll tell you when to put on the break," I saw the red hand-light, and defen. dant then told me to go to the break. I don't understand the signals myself; I have seen defendant act as fireman and have been four months in my situation. I was the defendant's fireman on this occasion, and looked out for the danger signals, but only knew last Saturday for a certainty that sun. signals were red. I don't know how long the defendant has been a driver, and he did not tell me, if I saw a danger signal, to let him know. John Adams.-On the night in question I drove 240 engine,and started with my engine and goods train from the siding at Brick-lane. On giving a whistle the signalman at the junction showed me a white light, and I came out a, little way, and then I saw the signalman give a red handlight. I at the same moment saw an engine coming towards me. I tried to get back, but could not get far, when the other enone ran right into mine, which it injured, and it also broke the tender attached to itself. The collison pitched me off my engine, and on recovering I spoke to tha defendant. He was elevated, but I don't know whether it was from drink, He was always the same as then; I never saw him tipsy. He has been with me a month as fireman, and was occasionally a driver on the Tilbury line. When pushed, we transpose a fireman into a driver, and a cleaner into a fireman. IT a driver were supplying his boiler from the tender, he might be unable to look out for the signals. Mr. John Nettleship, goods superintendent at the Bricklane station.-At the time in question I was fetohed from my office to the spot where this accident occurred, and got on to the defendant's engine. I asked him what he could have been thinking about to run past the signal in that manner. He said, " Well, the signaL Was at danger, but I only passed It at the rate of nine miles an hour." Seeing he was drunk, I said no more to him; the fireman was sober. He has been employed as driver upon several occasions, but I don't know how long. I believe he bears the character of a sober, steady man. He vwas not very drunk, but sufficiently so to be reckless, and seemed to take it all very quietly. Wilam Kitson, assistant to the locomotive superintend. ent.-I was caUed out of bed on hearing of this coUision, and went there. I mnet the last witness and defendant, and the latter was drunk. He has been an occasional engine. driver for 18 months, and driven about 60 times the last six months. He has been suscted frequently to be in the habit of drinking, and in fact he once came on duty in a drunken state, and was sent home. It is the duty of both driver and fireman to watch signals. The driver can watch the signals even while engaged in watering his engine ; it is a very simple operation. The damage cone in this instauce amounts to about 1004. The company are very particular with their servants, and careful that they should not go on duty in an improper state. I don't think it wrong to send a fireman who had not been often down the line, but I must confess the fireman in this case was not a fit person. It was the night foreman's duty to see the men pass before going to their engine. Thomas Lawrence, night foreman at Stratford.-I saw the defendant on the night in question, but did not notice anything the matter with him. I spoke to him when on the engine, and had before that seen him walking quite steadily. In my judgment, when he left the station he was sober, and the fireman also. It might be possible for them to take drink with them, but it is strictly forbidden. I think he must have had the liquor just before coming, and that the jolting of the engine made it take effect uponhim. Mark Wardell, out-ioor foreman.-I arrived from Stratford with a light engine, conveying Mr. Kitson, and commenced clearing the ine at Brick-lane. I saw Clarke, and believe him to have been under the influence of drink. I have known the defendant four years, and once, about five months ago, he told the foreman he was unfit to go out with his engine. No man in his sober senses would think of passing danger signals at nine miles an hour. Mr. Eitson recalled.-It is the practice with some enginedrivers to improprly pass a place at ten miles an hourwhere they are directea to go only at the rate of five miles. Mr. Lewis addressed the magistrate at much length on behalf of his client, who, he stated, had a wife and three children dependent upon him, and contended that the blame chiefly rested upon the company, who had not provided him with a proper assistant, and after being so negligent themselves came here to complain of their sevant. The practice in all these cases where accidents occurred was to prosecute your subordinates in order to get the onus of the mischief from your own shoulders. A judgment against the defendant would be his Irretrievable ruin. Mr. D'EYyCOIRT thought the defendant clearly to blame; as the danger signal was up, he had a good opportunity of seeing it, and yet he passed it; in addition to which, it was obvious that he was in a state of intoxdcation and drove at an improper rate of speed. The fireman was clearly incompetent, and the company or their servants should have shown more caution as to whom they put into such a position. It was very fortunate that there was no loss of life, though there might have been a most serious one. He was at liberty to impose a fine, but he thought that would be wholly n sufficient to meet the case, and he should mark his sense of the defendant's conduct by sending him, without a fine, for six weeks to the House of Correction, with hard labour.
RE SADGRrVE AND RAGG, BANKRUPTS. TO THE EDITO L7OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your edition of this day Mr. Bagley is made to say that I accepted bills to the amount of 40,0001. I beg to state that during nearly five years that I was in Mr. W. Sadgrove's employ I was only required to execute the furiture orders both for home and shipping. Shortly after Mr. Ragg's entrance I left the firm, and never accepted but one bi3l in my life, which was above 20 years ago, or authorized any one to use my name. Mr. Bagley also states that I purchased Mr. Ragg's furniture. This is also wrong; the only transactions that I havs had with them for the last two years have been to supply them with goods on five different occasions for cash. The insertion of this wi3l greatly oblige Yours most respeetfull-. CHRISTOPHIER GART\'PR Upholsterer and Appr4mser. 28, Eldon-street, Finsbury, E.C., Oct. 21.
[Advertlsement.] Jnst published beautifu11y illustrate andi handeomely bound,L price 5s., The Well Doy tifuY iU thise lttle book wre can cOrdially recommend, not only for young readers but for those of larger growth. The descriptionu of the Celestial Empire are fascinating ; the adventure and EscaPes hairbreadth ar ex. citinig enough to mnake everybody who readIs it wish to go to Cheina' almost as earnestly as Robinson jrnsoe made him long for a desert inand and a ran ridaY. The novelty of the scenes,the strange manners and customs, and the spirited style in which the adventires are relat-ed make the booksachoiceepresent furthe classof juven~ile readers to whom It Is dedfcated"'Athen.surn Bath. B3in05 and Goodwin; London, Pewtress and Co,. Are Maril-lane. [Advertisement. " India " by J. H. Stocqueler. The 22T thousand of this book of the time" is now publinhedr proie sighteenpence in boards. or free by p tfor22stamps. In this rolume it ha been the aim of the autor to condente 3od concentraes all the information that Is realty known and can be depended upon regarndin the British empire to India. Also,price 2s. in boards, or free ny post 2o stamps " The Erivate Life of an aster King ; or. the K.ingdomv Onds ana lte King," by William Knighton. illustrate by Harrison Weir. This volume gives the best description extent of the town and neighbournood of Luekiuow, and tbe country betweoe that place and Olowporeo ; and throws more tight on the Internal condition o f the Oade province and India than all the blue-book in existenm London George Boutledge and p.. Farrengdon-dtreet. [Advertisement.)-NThe Cambridgeshire.-The " Sunday Times" of October 25 will contain antiopations of the winner of the Cambridgeshire Stisktwith full particulars of tile newmoarket 2ouegb ton Meeting: Tared Reform: sontinustion of Mr. Stocqueler's artiles en the" Government of India, and thn Hinlory aed present Conditib of that Conttry," written expresly for the -'Sunday time" which Coil also publish the amplest and latest intelligence frbo t India, drived from the Government telegrams mand private original correponmdeume bymeans of oextra edvtioth whenever neoestacry The 'Sunday Times" alsBo ontainB al the forelgn, domestia and genrael nws of the week. chess and math oni chronicles, ' The Man about Town," gI. Bebyg thelarge,t weekly pa,er published, extending over 7tb coumns, the Sunday Times" Is eniabled to afford a pspae in the discussion of the important topice of the day umapproaebablO by any other nswspaPer. Ma beordered ateat rilayt ta tion, o9r f aey sesagent. Price Sd. [Adertsemnt.-AntraiaOn Sunday nex,t will be presented with the "b]ispatch" a superb general Map Of AustrUali rro prevent dappotntment conrequent uPon the envormous amle of the Dliepate pso ran desirous of possesing the Dispatch Coloured Aim are inaformed that if the newspaper be out of print with which any particular map has been preseted such MAp Man alwaysbeoobtained with the paper for thecurrent week. EiNther of tbo Disatc AlasMap wll e frwrd5 gAtswihteperTe
~AIt1'A1Y AND NAP-AL IYTELLTLir'YCJP * The doart-martlal for the trie i of Lieutenant G. W, Var.! sittart Yule, Roral Engineers, re"ssembled at Chathabs31 Bqxraic'.s yesterday udlec the presidency oi Colonel C. Elnihirst. On the opening of the court Ifajor B. P. :f F Nugent, Adjutant of the Royal Engineers, whose exami tion was conoluded the previous day, vwas recalled, ar.d in answer to the President stated that the prisoner w-s first placed under arrest orn the 5th of Septenmber by order of Colonel H. Saudham, the commanding officer of the Royal Engineers. The witness further stated that al,hough the prisoner was several times absent frorm parad e he did not report hiu titil he enabodied tbs whole in or.e generol report. Captain R. Y. D. Scott, superintender t of surveying x nd prsacticil astronomy at the Royal E-ngi aeers establishn,:ent, Chatham, was tho next witness. Ia stated that the pti-oncr wasfrequeatly absent from the t;ficers' hail of study, and produoed the daily reports of the Rtendanee of offiners in which the prisoner wat frequently returned as absent. Colonel R. Sandham, di.ector of the Royal Engineers' -sstablishment, vras also aeamined ir. support of the charged against the prisoner. At 4 o'cloet fshe Court adjourned tlU I this dsy. Oa TuesdGy upwaz'7s of 300 Ztconits joined the Indian depots at Cbatham. Yesterdry a paxtY'oE nOrt ;cnlsssioned officers joined the Indian bWttalions at Chatham,f roem the scheol of maketry at Hytise, for therpurpose of *assisting in the instruction of the large number of troops vho wre daily arriving at that garrison in the use of theErnfield rifle. Duting the absence of Bfigade-Major C. S. S. E. Go-don from Chatham'the dutiesef the Brigade-Major are ordered to be performLed by Captain J. J. Beurchier, 52d Light IDfantry. The New <ilitary Hepital at Sheerness, built by Messrs. Kirk and Perry, has been opened. Captain Leonard, Woolwich dl;vision of Royal Marine Light Infantry, has obtained permission from the Board of Admiralty to retire cu half-pay under medical certificate, and First Lieutenant WiUson, of the Portsmouth division, has been appointed Captain in his stead, vhile Secord Lientenant Sims, uf the Woolwiob division, has been appoiated First Lieutenant. (quartermaster Thomas Cooper, Royal Marine Light Infantry, promoted in July 185G, at Woolwich, for merl. tbrious conduct, has, in consequence of his long and faithful services, been permitted to retire on the pay of 1Os. per day, with the nominal rank of Captain. We leern from a private letter that the screw-steamrer Carthage, which left Eingstown on the 1st of August wlth a portion of the 38th regiment, under the command of Major Fasier, was coaling at St. Helena on the 1st of September. The Carthage had experienced a succession of head winds since her departure from St. Vincent's. No news from England had been received at St. Helena later than the 1st of J une, and the first intelligence of the Indian rovolt was comamunicated by the Carthage. Our AlAlta comespondent, w;tinan on the 16th inst., says:- The Pen!usular and Oriental Company's steampackets Veotis, from Marseilles, and Colombo, from Southampton and Gibraltar, arrived here yesterday morning. The latfcr met with great stress of weather ia the Bay of Bi.cay, and soeine horses vrere washed overboard. The passengers speak in the highest terms of Captain Field and his offdiers, and :d-o of the excellent oualities as a seaboat of the steawer during the gale, which obliged her to be hove to for many honTs. The Vectis left for Alexandria soon after her arrival, and was followed at sunset by the Colombo. " The Europe-n asd Australian Company's ste:mpacket Vanguard left for Marseilles on the 13th in order to be .i time to s-'l thence on the 18th wi ;h the outward mail for Australia. "The Tamar Bteamier, belonging to the same company, arrived bere from Alexandria yesterday, and left for Soutnampton last night. 'Up to the 12th no tidings had reached Alexandria of the arrival at Suez of the Emen with the homeward AustraBan nmail. "Her Majesty's steni gunre-sel Coquette returned frow Cagliari on the 1ith, after telegraphing thence to Londo-, che sUMmlary of the lidian intelligence by the BDmbay her Majesty's steans corvette Desperate left on Ue lrtis for Canea, with despatches for Lord Lyons." Licutenant W. N. W. Hewett was yesterday appointed to the Victoria and Albert Royal stean yacht. Captain Alexander Milne and Captain Sir Baldwin Walker, Sturveyor of the Navy, left town last evening on an official visit to Portsmouth. On Tuesday Lieutenant A. A. Smith commissioned the Persian, 12 gun sloop, at Sheerness, for Commander J. H. Chads. The Captain Superintendent of Sbeerness Yard, John C. 3Fitzgerald, inspected the divisional officers and the crows of all the ships in ordinary yesterday, THE MILITIA. The King's Own Light Infantiy are to be embod ied on the 2d proximo, and the First Royal Surrey Regiment on the 5th. The Second West York Militia, under the comiimand of Colonel Smyth, M. P., is to be embodied imiaediate!y. Tlhii regiment did garrison duty at Gibraltar during the Criinean war. The Third West Y ork Militia, now assembled at Don. caster, are upwards of 80 strong, and are daily receivin,' recruits. As soon as the men receive their full equipments they are to be sent to eitber Aldersbott or Plymouth. It is intended to increase the Second Regiment of Warvicsslhiro Militia to 1,5(JO men. Somo of the officers have offered for Indian service.
THE INDIAN RELIEF FUND). PA P1T'VP A DT I The subscriptions iu this town rlready amount to 3C01, BILSrt Nl. A put.lic uteeting on behalf of the Indian relief fuild weaheld at Blibon on, Tuesday evening: Mr. Eldgdve, the chkauiran of the commnissioners by whom the town is govet ncd, presiding. ihc liev. Mr. FLET'r,EsIlt, the rector, proposed: *That thbi metinug, wbil o recording its senze of the esormoto a3troi tIes wilich havc characterized the mutnile3 in India. desires to rxpre,3 its deepest synpatthy with the ushappy alleerers, and with a view to alleviate the distre's conseeQ'et thereOn piedge3 ithel to ase ever eserti ,n in obtainiog euioatptias tawaris the fonda bss,g riss throughorit Lbte kiogth.sfu gj The rev, gentlemtan and those who followed him were of cpinion that the present was the time for giVing and notelki9g, the tilme for the latter being by-andby; 911. Jos. w^s contilbuted. EXETER. The Mayor, Mr. \W. Buck1ngham, has already received nmre than 1,n0ul., and the list is not yet closed. SHE ERNESS. On Friday evening the otfcers and crew of the Ediiburgh, Captain Edward P. Halsted, gave an amateur theatrical i,erformance at the Uo-operative-hall Sheerness, for the benefit of the sufferers in India. The performance was well attended by the irlbabitants of tbe town and by the families of the naval and ,niiitary departmnents. A sum of between 251. and 301. was thus added to the local fiud. TI VE1RTON. A public umeeting was held in this tovan last week, under the presidency of Mr. S. Gath, tho Mr.yor. It was resolved to open a subscription list, and a comrmittee was appointed to go from house to house. TOTN E8S. Ut pwvrds of 15i)/. has been transnuitted to the Lord Mayor by the Mayor of this town. EDINBIURGH. The amount of the Edinhargh suascription reported up to Nlonuay last was 10,1531. 10. lid. This included 1,0361. from 188 Free Churches throughout the country, 7021. front 133 Episcopal Churches, 1581. fro,n 38 United iPresbyterian Churches, and li.8. fromu sundry other congregations, incltdiog five of the Established C(hurch. The congregations cf the Established Church in the presbytery of Edinburgh Lave rnot as yet transmitted or reported their collections, but they are said to have been good. The Edinbuxrglh conmittee have adopted the Londwn resolutions with certain alterattions, enabling them to dispose of a portion of the fands to local applicants.
TIE S ,UTII AI.ALS IAILWAY COLLISIO0N-The rolwl wAgis the vordict wbich the jary, after a consultation of more than an hour, returned on Tuesday, and the sa .' stanic& of which appeared in our columns yatterday *-" we Lud that Sarah van liarmer came to her deanh in co,. se4luence of a collision on the South Wales lailway caused by the careltssne,,s of Charles White, the statior. maater at Stormy, in despetchiL,g, contrary to his prinseu irnstractions, the down passenger train on the up line with. out waiting for an answer to his telegraphic nessage, and in direct opposition to noositive orders rfeeived from Port Talbot. We therefore finrd tbe said Charles W'hite grilty ol inanslaughter, and that hisstatenient th%t he received a subsequent order to send the down train on the up line, is contrary to ovidence. We exonerate lzlenry Turner from ;lame, bat it would have been nmere desirable if had gone to inquire for an answer before he started the up train. We think there is evidence of carelessness aad incomipetency in thetelegraphic arrangements both atl'ort Talbot and Stormy, and that there is blame to be attached to the company for not employing more effiCent servants *t such important stations, especially Stormy, and also for not taking care that they are properly instructed in the working of the telegraph on both instruments. The jury also think if there had been means of telegraphic comtnunication at Pyle this lamentablo collision might have been prevented." EXEcUTION AT ABERDEEN.-ABEP.DEFS, WVednesda.y moming.-John Booth, convicted of murdering his mother.-in.I w, at Old Meldruma, in July last, was executed this morning by Calcraft. He addressd the crowd with great firmness, contr.dicting his statement, made to the judge In court. that his wi!e's unfaithfuh2ess, abetted by her mother, had led to the mnr(Ler.
G(EMS OF THE ART TREASURES EXHIBITION,* Now that the Treasures slArt colectedat Mlanchester ure about to be dispersed it is consolatores to know that w, are to have some more permanent record of this great F.;xhibition than the fleeting notices of the newspape-., or the scarcely more permanent articles of the Eandbrok or the Review. Of pictures, more tha any cther efforts of genius, it may be said,- * guius irritant arimos dernmi3a pert rassm Qua-n que Bunt ocusiseubjecta% fid,3e5,u The best descliption of the p%inter's work is inferior even I to the feeblest copy or the fvultiest enguaving. It was a good thought of the publihers of the splendid 'work, of which six parts have now been issued, to render accessible by means of photography a selection, at least, of that vast coll:ction of pictures which for the lastfive months has been attraeting thosaands to the unrivalled gallery at Old Trafford. Had they not beer able to impress the sun into their service the enterprise would have taken ruore years to carry-out than 4t has asked months. Before the first part of the work had reached our tables the memory of the Exhibition would have been faint in most recollections. As it is, those who have seen the Exhibition at Manchester may, by aid of-these photographs, renew their impressions of the originals, while these who have been unable to visit the Exhibition may iu some sort understand Its wealth and particioate in its lessons by means of Messrs. Colnaghi's sumptuous publication. This is the first instance of the application of photography to the reproduction of a gallery of pictres. Photograpbs fromthe drawings of a single master--as from those of Raphael at the Louvre, and a selection from the drawvings of the same painter in the British Museum-have, indeed, been published. Photographs, too, have been made of some series af frescoes 4u Italy, as of those of Benozzo Gozzoli In the Campo Santo at Pisa, and of Pinturicchio in the Picco. lomini Library at Ssena. But to phobograph frescoes in situ is a difficalt operatmon and the dimn religious ]ght of a cloister or a ehapel renders the operation, at least, an unsatisfactory one. For the reproduction of monochromatic drawings the process is in. valuable. Good photographs of the Raphael drawings, for example, are with great difficulty distiuguishable from the originals, In photographing pictures, especially the mellow and golden canvases of the old Italian masters, there are very greab chromatic difficulties-some, indeed, positively insurmountable. Where glowing yellows come out rich darks, where blues leave the photographic paper colourless, and greens are represented by blacks, It may reaeily be conceived that the photograph can rarely be a reproduction, in colour, of its original, nor even such a translation into light and shadowv as a good engraving supplies. It is, indeed, in many cases, a complete reversal of the chromatic harmonies of the original. This takes some pictuzes absolutely out of the range of photographic treatment. In the case of others we get a new, and often fine effect, altogether different from that of the original, but not necessarily inferior to it. In some examples-2nd those generally the finest-colour,' composition, and sentimeat are so linked that any alteration of the former is fatal to the perfection of the work regarded as a whole. We may thus anderstand how much the judgment of the photographer of pictures Ns concerned in the Eelection of examples for the exercise of his art. It is possible enough that the many followers of that widely spread craft might have a good deal to ray on the selection made by Messrs. Caldesi and Montecobi for this work. But we are not photographers, aud we do not pro. pose to enter on this Ride field of technical criticism. Enough for us, that we have here some of the most intercstiug masterpieces of ancient and modern art included iu the Manchester Exhibition made household possessions for aLl who can purchase the work, as a whole, or in parts. Ia the photograph of a picture, as in that of a face, let us say what we wiUl about colour, or, in the latter case, about distortion and en)-irgement of projcoting parts, there is something altogether beyond the rivalry of any means of transcription less exact in the rendering of form. With all the drawbacks inherent in the process, this exactness makes these photographic renderings unapproachable in respect of the very highest quality of the greatest pictrres-expression. 'Take for example " the Masers" of Quintiin Matsys in the second part of the encient s3ries. This picture has been well engraved, but what can the engraving show us like this perfect rendering of those two wonderful heads-every line, wrinkle, and touch of textw'-e reproduced v ith an accuracy defying all efforts of humPa hand ? So in the version here of the mai vellous " Adoration of the Xings" by Masbuse, the photograph comes out dark where the picture is ful of a luminous sobriety of colour; ubt this depth does not exclade the reproduction of that wonderful minuteness and perfection of finish in heads, draperies, and architectural accessories which gives so peculiar a value to the original, while the reverent expression of the wo.ohipping princes and their attendants is pre-erved in a way no engraver could hope to equal. In some instances, as In that of the female half-length by Pails Bordone, the photograph gives us something r ilike the oziginal, but certainly richer and grander. The halfdraped Venetian blonde becomes a dark and glowing beauty, the ruddy gold of her hair a mass of raven tresses, but the whole work gains instead of loses by this transposition of it Into a different key of colour. We rmay cite as a simuilr sample of successful transposition, in the modern series, Stanfield's grand picture of " the Abandoned." The stos,n clouds that break over the drifting and deserted hoU in the original picture, and the weltering sea, are all painted iu dreary tones of a watery gray. Jn the photograph sky and sea are deepened by several de%zees, as if the storm had gathered a more terrible darkness, and from the rift in the clouds the light falLs with even more lurid terror-a P;ght not of hope, bua ser% lig only to reveal the immensity of danger. In somne few plates retouching may be detected. But only in one example, that of Lord Northwick's fine " Pietro Perugino" has this gone the length of impairing the value of the inipreFsion. However much experienced amateurs, both of photography and of pa;uting, mlght have preferred that the photographic Imprens(on should have been lefe intact in all cases, it is probable that in a work intended to commandalargegeneral salesome retouchingwas inevitable to bring out detsils, and above all to clear up outlines that without, it would have remained bhlized and indistinct. The whole work will be comple ted by the publication of a i fourth part, both of the ancient and modern series, making in aU a hundred plates of each class. The parts already issued comprise, in the ancient series, the fine shield of Benvenuto Cellina from the Royal collection, and, of the works by Raphael, the two Panshanger Madonnas, " the Three Graces," from Lord Ward's gal. lery, the two exqr:site little predella pictures "the Agony in the Garden," now the property of Lir. W. Fuller Maitland, and "the l'ietfi" of the same series, the propeily of Mrs. H. Dawson. Were "the Saviour in Prayer," painted for Guidobaldo, Duke of Urbino, added, aU that is undoubtedly from the hand of Raphael in the Mainchester collection would be included in this ses ies. We have here, also, "the Grand Holy Family" from Panshanger, the joint work of Fra Bartolomeo and Mlariotto Albertlielli. Of the pra-Raphaelite masters the series incluides "the Last Supper," from Lord Ward's gallery, ascribed to Glotto, and at least a good miniature examnple of the school of that great master,-the spirited portrait which bears the name of " Masaceio," and the lovely little "Entombment of the Virgin," by Fra Angelico, from the collection of Mr. Maitland, so interestIng as an example of the earlier mauner of the paintermonk. Of Raphael's master, Perugino, here is Lord North,fick's fine "Madonna and Saints," while of his great contemporaries we have, of Francia, "the Holy Family," from Lord Ward's gpllery, more like the work of the son than of the father; under the name of Leonardi da Vinci, the study of the head from "'La Vierge asx Rochers ;" under that of F;Uippino Lippi, the pretty little "1 Virgin and Child," from the collection of Mr. Beijah Bo.field, and, undoubtedly, by Lorenzo Credi; "the Coronation of the Virgin," formnerly the property of Samuel Rogers, and now that oF Lord Overstone. Two fine examples of Raphael's favourite engraver, M. Antonio, and " the Adoration of the Magi," after Finiguerra, exemplify respectively the germ and the consummnation of the eDgraver'sart. The early German school is abundantly illustrated by " the Misers" and " the Weep. ing Mlagdalenie" of Quintin Matsys; the questionable Van Eyck belonging to the Duke of Newcastle, and the probably genuine " Virgin and Child" by the same painter, from the coUection of the King of Holland, which has now passed into the hands of Mr. Beresford Hope. Then we have not only " the Adoration of the Magi," by Mabuse, but the James IV. and his Queen, with their patron saints-in. teresting examples of the same master but for the state of ruin to which both pictures have been reduced ; the soidisant Mastin Schoen, contributed by Prince Albeit, which all our loyalty cannot persuade us to believe genuine. and the specially repulsive "St. Peter " and " St. Dorothy " of Meister Christophsen, introduced, we presume, to shov how hideous the creations of early German imagination in art could be. Then, of later Italian masters, here Is " the Music Party,' by Giorgione, an unsatisfactory photograph of a p5cture. I which, whatever may have been its qualties of colour ones is now irredeemably destroyed; Titian's pretty little " Lace- ' Photographed by Caldesl and Montexbi. Colnaght and Co, London, and Agnew and 80ons. Manchester. Parts I, to IlI. of the A-clent Serie,, aod Parts I. tl III. of the Modern Seri,i. maker,"-f Titian's it be; & fine reproduct.on of Bronzice's manly head of Vosmyo the First, one of Agostino Caracci's classicalities, a "Capid overcoming Pan," and one of Benedetto Prar,co's conventionalities,-" A Baptism." Engl4sli hiso'rioal portraiture is well represented l y several Holbebas, the Sir Frarcis Guildford, theut Henry VIIL, and Frrocis I., from the same uncompromising r^ucil; some of the Duke of Beccleuch's miniatiree of the same period, inoluding Henry VII. and VIIL., Catherine of Arragon, and Elizabeth, and Sir Thomas g More; Sir Antonio More's portrait of a navigator, which| bears the pt eudonym of Dteke; Mark Garrard's very interesting compositions of the elder Burleigh presiding in the Court of Wards, ard Queen Elizabeth on her progress to Hunsdon-house, one of the most authe-ntic and best preserved records of portraiture and costume which that reign has left us. The Infanta of Spain, the object of Prince Charles's romantic saDly, and said to be the very portrait brought from Madrid by George Vifiers, who accomparled the Prince, and whose handsome yet sinister face-a fine example of Jansen-is preserved here too, with a photorraph of Felton's knife, resting azainst the frame of the picture. The memorable times of Charles L sud the Comnmonwealth furnish us with the Clarendon portrait of the noble Falidaud and Vandyke's family group of the Royal children. The Spanish school has furnished its contingent to the coUection, including the sweet, strange head of El Greco's daughter, in her white hood, from the hand of her father; the Infante Don Carlos; the pretty little Menifla with the feather fan, and the Cardinal Infante John of Austria, fowling-piece in hend, and his hound at his foot,-all from the broad and masterful pencil of Velasquez, with the sweet, simple Madonna and Child, and the pathetic bead of the crucified Saviour, both among the ohoicest treasures of Lord Overstone's gaUery, and admirable examples of murilo. The ls.ter Flemish schools of Rubens and Rembrandt have 6:ven their quota of examples, though neither of these masters cau be done justice to by means of photographs. Their colour i's part of them, and defies the sun. The " Rubens' Wife" from Windsor, and the family portraits by Rambrandt from Mr. Hope's gallery, have furnisbed among the least satisfactory photographs in the wvhole collect;on. The " Wife of Snyders," by Vandyck, Is better. Berghem, Wouvermans, Netchser, and Ochtervelde are among the minor Flemings whose pictures have been drawn upon for this series. Bat the works of this school It Is impossible to reproduce without the agency of colour, or, at least, the humble translation of It into black and white by the human engraver. They do not aim at beauty of form or depth of expression, and these are the qualities for the rendering of which we must have recourse to the photo. grapher. we should be Inclined to say that the modern pictures, on the whole, photograph better than the ancient. With striking exceptiors, however, Mr. Poole's works, for example, are peivaded by a yelow tone, which altogether unfits them for photographic treatment, The "Troubadow-a" should have been discarded from the collection, with Haydon's " Mock Election." The exquisite "Mrs. Graham,') of Gainsborough, we are thankful to say, comes out. in perfection, and the haughty charm of her delicate loveliness is perfectly rendered by the photograph. How " the Blue Boy" has been treated to secure so excellent an effect in the photograph we are puzzled to guess. Sir Joshua, inseparable from colorr as the charm of his works might, ap-ior, ba expected to prove, suffers little at the photographer's hands, except that they lay bare very palpably the scrubbed state of the surface of such pictures as his "Mrs. Pelbam," and the charmiing "Countes; Althorp." Tke golden light that steeps his group of II Angel Heads" makes them a little less amenable to the photographer's chymicals. We desiderate a few more Turners Ju the coUection. Some of his grayer pictures,-the " Schaffbausen," for ir'stance, would have photographed finely. though the summer splendour that bathes such canvases as his "Saltash" and "-Barnes-teirace" no doubt excludes those masterpieces of truthful laudscape. Of living mtiasters we are sony to find something in Webster's colour which r-fits his pictures for photographing. MJr. Frost's, on the other hand, comn out woDderfully enriched and improved in tone, es do Cope's and Pickersglll's. Leslie's " Bourgeois Gentilhommate" and his " Rivals" come out too black. So the warm flesh tones of the sunny South meilitate against the effect of Mr. Phillps's Spanish groups in the photographic version of them. W. Hunt, too, suffers by the betrayal of his peculiarities of manipulation: but the expression of his praying girl iu "Devotion," and of his hungry boy in " Too Hot," could in no other way have been done sech justice to. SIhere are two Wilkies, " the Rent Day," and "1 Distraining for Rent," which were certainly not wanted, considering that we have Raimbach's mesterly engra.ing%, while their colour is not weU adapted for photographic reproduction. But in a work so new in style, and necessarily brought out so rapidly, it is, perhaps, invidious to find fault with any shortcomings either of selection or execution that are to be discovered in this most interesting series. It remains and will remain by far the best record of the Manchester Exhibition-such a record, indeed, as the Exhibition peculiarly deserved, for the one has no paratUel iu promptitude of publishing enterprise as the other stands unrivalled for rapid and vast accumulation of artistic wealth. We can but wish that the publishers may reap an abun. dant harvest, and that these gems of the Art Treasures Exhibition may be widely disseminated, not more to perpetuate the memory of a great and successful undertaking than to extend the influence which that undertaking was calculated to exercise, and to inspire and feed the spirit of artistic appreciation which the Exhibition was meant by its projectors to engender and encourage,
TERLEGRAPHIC COLLISrONS BETWENS FIRST- C-LASS PASSEffGESS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -Dr. Donaldson has kindly undertaken the patrona^e of English scholarsbip, and thiuks the honour of his protd6 conceined to prove that your word " telegramii" is animpossible and Dsonstrous compoand. Fle says that riiVypappa is an impossible Greek word. Will he, then, tell us how to account for the words rErpayp/iluare, *Xovptipparoe, povo7posa-LoL70C, KuXvyp,iLpaTog, and otLess of similar iorm! If yoloyp4ijuarol is not such a barbarism as to frighten Dr. Donalcson and Mr. Sbilleto out of their (Greek senses, why need jioy6ypaspa disturb them so awfully? And if povo7pappa cannot be discarded, why should its sister form r77XFypapjia be so ungallantly turned out as inadmisdible to the society of correct Greek expressions? I am, Sir, yonr obedient servant. NTEMO. 'Jct. ZO.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The straw thrown out by " A. C." has been eagerly caught at by the drowning Mr. Walford. It will, however, not avelJ to s%ve hi'n. TaIXs does not become a preposition by being followed by a genitive, any more than iyz;'c or 7riXag. Moreover, even when an adverb may be considered to be also used as a preposition, as in the case of eixa, it still necessitates a change in the form of the verbs com. poruded with it. Thus we have Ltxo7a7i(I, eIxorop0W, (LXOOOpEL9. I trust that this discussion will now cease. The word "telegram" may be supported on the ground of utility, and perhaps by precedents to be found in the lax etymology of our language, but it may well hope to ba saved from such defenders as your late correspondents. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, X.
ACCIDENT (N THE STOUR VALLEY RAILWAY.- On Tuesday evening a colhston occurred on the Stour Valley Railway, between Dudley Port and Albion stations, which, though not. producing fatal consequiences, was the cau£e of severe bruises to several persons. It appears that when the 5 p.m. train from Birmingham, propelled by two engines, was approa^hing Dudley Port, some men were engaged at a crossing near the latter station in shtntfug a ballast train on to a siding. The evening being very foggy, the engineer of the pilot engine was unable to see the eignals hoisted to prevent a collision, and. the consequence was that the passenger and ballast trains camne into contact. The shock thus produced was severe, and several of the passengers were cat aud bruised, while others were shaken. The stoker of one of the ergines to the passenger train sustained a dislocation of one of his elbows, and a wedding party, who were travelling in a compzrtent of a firstclass carrage, partly coniposed of glass, suffered lacerations on the fae3 by the breaking of the glass of a coupn on their being forced against it. The pilot engine was damaged to some extent, but little injury in addition to this was caxused to railway property. The passenger train, which was due in Wolverhempton at about half-past 5, was delayed for the space of about two hours; it did not reach this town until 40 minutes oast 7. Information of the accident was promptlyconveyed by telegraph to the High Level Station, whence an engine was 5-eedily despatched, conveying Mr. Dunn, Dr. Fraser, and Mr. Deh-ne, jun., to afford what aid was necessary to ! the izjured persons. Mlr. Haines, surgeon, of Duxdley Pork, was also in attendance. Fortunately, all the sufferers, with the excception of a few persons, were able to roceed on their journey. Those who were delayed were tken to Mr. Hancock's inn at Dtudley Port. The following is a list of the casualties:-Captain Benjamin Moaher, an American captain, lacerated wound over right eye and nose; Mr. Downes, cornfactor, Newcastle, contusions, and bruise on forehead; Thomas Coner, servant man to LNir. Murray, near Manchester, bruised back; IMrs. Cooksey, sister to Dr. Cooksev. Isle of Man, contusions; Mr. Reeling, contused head; Joyce, the stoker, fractured and dislocated elbow; Mathews, enginedriver, contused spine and other injuries. A man of colour had his lip cut througb, and several other parties received slight contusions.- Wolrerhampton Ci-ronide of yesterday,
THE REVIVAL OF GOTHIC ARCIPTECT'URE. *--- -- .X_ The following is an abridfement of a paper read by the emninent architect, Mr. George Gilbert .Scott, A.R.A., before the Architectural Societies of Yorkbhira and Lincolnshire, on the present position and f u.ture prospucts of the revival of Gothic architecture:- " Few, psrbaps, among those who are in the habit of attending meetugs like the present, aid of enjoving the pleasure and sharing the interest wb,3ch they are calculated to inspire, have ever given a serious thought to the muaznitude and importarce of that intelleetral movement which bas caUled sunc societies as these into existence, nor of the great artiUtio revoluiUon they are helping to carry out; that movement b2ing nothing short of an involuntary rebellion against that most wretched incubus. the vernacular architecture of the day; and the work on which we have almost unconsciously embarked being the development of a new and vigorous style upon the foundation of the glorions architecture of our own country and of our own forefathers, in the place of one at once alien to our race and our religion, and which, whatever may be the meri's of its more studied productions, has had the practical effect of reducing our vernacular building to something meaner and more contemptible than anything which has been witnessed by any previous age. " It is possible tbht there may be somre here who feel surprised at hearing tbe vernacular building of the day spoken of as so utterly despicable tha.t it has becon-e necessary to supplant it by another and wholly different style. ISurely,' it may perhaps be said, ' the architecture which has produced St. Paul's Cathedral, Greenwich Hospital, and Castle Howard, with a multitude of other stately edif6ces, cannot be called a wretched incubus.' Far be it from me to speak slightingly of noble works of art of whatever style. In judging of the claims of a prevalent style, however, our chief evidence mast no' be derived from its greatest, most studied, and (if I may use the term) Its high-pressure productions; scarcely a style can be namned which, in its highest efforts, faits to prodrce noble results. The success of a style and its fitness for a particular age and country mnst be judged on other evidence than this. The question is not whether, with unlimited public funds, it is capAble of producing a majestic monument at which we may gaze and wonder; or whetber, with the endless resources of a princely noble at its command, it can raise a palace whose proud stateliness seems to silence the neighbourhood into venera ion of the mightiness of its possessor,-I doubt whether any style of architecture wou]d, jn thlented hands, fail of such an effect,-it Is rather whether it so pervades the minds of the population as to breathe beauty and propriety of sentiment into every work they undertake ; whether it Is a thing in which tbe country delights, and which leads the people to give beauty to everything they touch; whether, for instance, it leads them to do honour to the honses of God, and to take delight in keeping up and adding to their propriety and loveliness; wbeher it makes the streets of our towns picturesque and attractive, so that the passer-by is ever arrested by some fresh object of interest, and every house bears impress of thou-ht aid evinces an instinctive feeling for beauty in its buildesa; whether it makes our villages cheerful and Interesting, and our town houses and homesteads picturesque ; in short, whether it so penetrates and imbues the mind and eves of our people -with a feelng for art that they instinotively make everything pleasing which they erect, and that an ugly building is a thing to be wondered at as ai exception to all general rules. * "I would ask, then, how our prevaiUng architecture answers to this test,-how it has fulfilled the conditious demanded of a national style ? It is id'e to say that it has failed in the f lfilment; it has absolutely reversed every one of them. Instead of imbuing the popular mind with an instinctive love and perception of beauty, it has utterly extinugished them, and apparently subAtituted a preference of everything mean and ugly; so that, while formerly the humblest structare evinced an innate sentiment of pronriety and correctness of form in its designer, such uildings are now disgusting to any cultivated eye, The churches bequeatbed to us by our forefathers, and which once beamed with beauty, every part of which showed the utmost care for nobleness of design, and which in the humblest villages were, perhaps, models of pleasing and impres3ive simplicity, became degraded and dislgured by meanness of every description, and were treated with no more love or veneration than If they had b -n stabes or cowsheds; while, if a new church was needed, unies-, in. deed, it3 position rendered it an object worthy of the highpressure system before-named, itwas,inninecasesoutof ten, erected without the smallest regard to beauty, and often in a style of the wo t abject baseneas. The streets of our towns, .ca*ead of being as foimerly replete with interest and picturesque effect,are the very embodirnentof heartless uglin^-s, with scarcely an object on which the eye can r,st with satisfaction. Oer villagc-; are fast losing that pleasant and cheerful charatter for -which they were once famed, and the pieasing cottages of former days giving way to uccessors vhich syinbolize nothing but the close calculations of the petty speculator; our farmhouses and their accomnaniments, once so delightfully pictaresque, are rep]aced by ull square lumps without a single point to redeem their utter and abject ugliness Even 'viUla residences' instead of orns'nents have become perfect plaguespots in ourlandscapes, in short, the noble art of building, from being the great means by which our country, our citics, towns, and viUlages were rendered beautiful and interesting, has become during the prevalence of the modern vernacular the one great means by which they are degraded and dlisfigured. All this has arisen from the adoption of an exotic architecture which, however beautiful It may have been in its own country, inspires no kind of interest among our popnlation, and has been the means of extinguishing the national style o' our country without supplying any thing worthy of taking its place. I I When the first great movement was made about 25 or 30 years back in favour of church building no style was thought of, in the majority of instances, but that debrsed form of Grecian architecture which then prevailed; or if in any instances the claims of our native and Christian arohitecture were entertalned it was carried out witbout any corr. et feelings for its true principles. All the churches, however, of that period were costly to an extent which appears now perfectly unintellogible. After this an interval of a few years elapsed in which but few ch'r,ces were erected; but the necessity of providiug church room for the incmeaswng population again forcing itself upon the public attention a totaly different pbase in the history of church architecture comnmernced. This was the era of I cheap churcbes.' The best church builder was now tle man who or-ld state the lowest number of shillings per sltting at which lie would guarantee to produce churches, " It istrnue that the churches never were in reality executed at anything like the rates quoted, but the aim at doing so was ,uffi-ent to insure the utmost d-gradation both of architecture and construction. This lwhos of church arobtecture had one hopeful feature-that there 7-s no lower level that could be reached, and that any change must be for the bettsr. We accordingly find during this pesiod the germ of better things gradually becoming visible. On the one hand, the absvrdity and impiety of thus treating the houses of God began to be publicly exposed, and, on the other hand, low rates 'per sitting' which had been quoted with so mnuch exultation began to be proved fallacious and the prices slowly to creep upwards. " It so bappened, as if by an overruling Providei ce, that aboutthis time a secret and almost unconscious progress wae being made in the study and appreciation of err ancient churches. Some few architects, chiefly young men who had hardly commenced prretice, had been drawn towards them by an irresistible att-action-not with any tbought cf mahking a practical u-s of their study, bnt by a spontaneouopenung out to their anprehension of the hidden beauties wvhich the ancient remnants contained. At the saune time, but quite unknown to these humble architectural badents, a feeLg of compunction began to become prevalent at the low ettate to which the houses of prayer were being reduced, and a noble spirit began to show Itself here and there for remedying their dishonour. TI-e union of these two germs of betxer things has led to the revival which is now happily rife among us. " About the time I am referring to an immense inpulse was given to the reformation of architecture by the earlier publications of Pugin. The success of his ovna personal labours was truly astonishing. Not only were the advances he made nu he revival of pointed architecture most rapid, showing genius in every toluch-this was in fact the smslle of his achievements-he actulUy revived by his own hand or his own personal exer-ions nearly evcryoseof itssubcidiary arts. Sbortly after l'ugin became publicly kno%is the same caure began to be vigorously tak-en np inour ownchur-h. The societies formed in conexion with both Utniversities were followed up by others In all parts of the coaunry. A noble feeling for the subject rapidly spread itself among all classes ; the seal for chu..h building and restoration greatlv outran the increased knowledge. Acts of individual munificetice multiplied on all hands, and an entirely new state of thin s camiie about. Those humble students of ecclesiastical architecture, to whom I have be'cre alluded, wi-en tbey attempted to pt v hat they bad gathered irto a n actical forn, though they from the very firnt began to effect an amrlioratVon, vere long in becoming in any de_ree masteis of their work; they began by correcting the nrcst flagrant abuses, ard by introduaing acme of the leos es ensive of the fer tures they had culed from the s"cient churches they so mr'ch loved. One after another of the arc ent detatils began to reappear. The seatiDn gradually ceased to bo formed of the thinest deal pareling like the boxes of a cofTsehouse, ard hcgan to Iassume a littloof thesublantislcharacterof those seen;inold Anurcnes, tnhoughit waslong enough before itactuially reached it. The walls begen to be thickened, inch by inch, as the courage of the architect developed itself, though still keepiing at a respectful distance from the sub,-Prce of an anclent wall ; the tin-bers oi the roofs became l",s ard less flimsy, though not veut',ixg to approach the generous seantlings of good old tin-es; the plastered ceilings began to disappear and the timbers to be more exposed; -while their eon,truetion timnidly approximated to th; I of I Gothlic days.' The cl ancel from a mere badding excrescence began to assume nlore generous dimensions, and, in short, every fea ure of ttieir churches showed evident symptoms of wholesc.ne deve'opment. "I The Latest, perhaps, among the steps takeu by the more earnest-minded church architects was a due appreciation of the necessity for trnthfrlness of material and genuineness of construction. Intrrnal details were at first in plaster or cement Instead of stone; deal was grained to imitate oak, and plaster jointed to look like stone. These inconsistencies ,were but slowly got rid of. Those, however, who followed church architecture with earnestness and with a worthy sense of its claims (and they were and are still but a little ba.nd) at length attained to the courage requisite to follow it up in all the truthfulness and substantialisy of ancient work. Our wails became as thick and more solid; our timbers often as stout, though not so often of the tr-o heart of oak; our seating as massive , our arches, columns, and intenial ornaments as unifornmly of Rtone as In the ancient churches. But what was the consequence to ourselves? Simply that we could not produceachurch, th6ugh we built at prices so low as would have astonished oiir fathers,at anything like the estimate of the multitude of our competitors,who cared for none of these things, and who brouight forwvard showy drawings of highly ornamented chulrches, backed by estimates 20 per cent, lower than those, we could venture upon for much plainer and mo.re homely. looking buildings. Is is this which was and still continues the hindraince to the progress of genuine church archit-ec- ture, and which miakes our revival appear to many a thing of frivolity and fashion rather than of deep and earnest feeling. ; 'When it had arrived at this stage our revival was strongly infloenccdby a new and nsiost powerful championI n,eed hardly say thati I refer to Mr. luain. No man, Pgin along excepte-d, has so stronglg influenced the undertak:cg w e have in hand, and no single individual, not himself a professed artist, has in cur times exercised so wonderful an inuence overthe artof his day. Among the many directions in which Mr. Raskin has influenced our revival may be mentioned one which, though liable to be carried to excess, is nevertheless of considerable iniportance-I mean the attention be has called to the merits of the nedjieval architecture of Italy. more important stil Is the study which has of late years been given to the Frenac architecture of the 13th and 14;h centuries, especially the former, which for vigour of Rentiment and masouline boldness is unequlUcd among the works of the middle ages. " Let us now consider for a moment what is the position in this great revolutionary movement whiah we have succeeded in attaining. I think I may, in the first place, say that we-that is to say, such of us as have followed up the subject with zeal and care-have succeeded in obtaining a fair knowledgeof medaiival architecture whether at homue or abroad, and of mastering its general principles. Secondly, we have revived a general feeling in favour of the study of medheval architecture,auda feeling most strong and wide-spread in favour of its revival. Thirdly, we have actually succeeded, and that to the fullest extent, in the revival and re-establishment of our style, so far as relates to c3olesiastical purposes. No revolution was ever, so far as it goes, more complete; for, while 40yearsago no onein building a new chnrch woald ever have dreamt of making it Gothic, no one now dreams of making it anything ele. It Is too late for our oppoJents to wince, sdu object, and bring forward sapient ar,nments which are as potent against their own Renaissarce as againstours; the revolution iscompleted, and neither their vsath nor their lamentations will reverse It. " The next point which we may chronicle is this-that we have a staff of architects who are well able to carry on the success which has been achieved. Our leader bis long since been t ken fro-m um, and sevei-I of the most zealous of our fellow-labourers have been removed. Yet, thank God, we remain a zealoas and vigorous band, and our ranks are continually being strongthened by earnest-minded and talented recruits, so that the number of really efficient champions is ever on the increase. " Still more imporhantevidence in favour of what wohave been eoing is the war in which ouLr churches have come to be cared for. Instead of the abject and contamptuous neglect with w'h-ch they were formerly treated, we find them now everywhere being restored to seemly order. Church arrangement, again, once so utterly lost sight of, is now ta;-ly appreciAted and understood. The subsidiary arts of architectural sculpture and carvin, decorative painting, stained glass, metal work, encaustic tiles, and everything which is wanted for the decorat:on of a building, ate making advances more or lees conculrently with rerhitecture itself. Another of our sucresses is the advance made in the use of various materials, such as brlck and tile of different colours, marbles, serpentine, polished granite, alabaster, and stones ot varied hues, in such a way as to enhance thte beauty of our bui'dings. "Thus far I have dwelt only upon the bright side. I will now point oat some of the drawbacks from which our cause is sufferig. The first of these I believe to be architectural competitions. At first sight nothing would appear more Itkely to serre as inccntives to progress than such competitions, and it may be that in a healthy saate of art such might really be the case, and even now that it may be so in a few exceptional instances; but at a time like the present, when, by the long prevalence of a foreign style in which no one took a personal intercst, all feeling for architecture and al instinctive perception (on the part of the public) of beauty ol form had been extinguished, It must bo clear that little is to be expected for compcekitions in wbich a cheuce assembly of persons, probably without knowledge or taste, are to bathe judges. So o1sions has it become that In nine cases out of ten those who have had the telection of de'signs in such competitions have been utterly incapable of distinguishing what is good or bad, and that a certain trashy showiness, baaked by an estimate unblushingly low, would beat the most meritorious 'work of art, that architects of real fooling ard slt; l have gradually withdrawn them.elve8 from an ordeal from which so little was to he hoped. The Conseq,uence is that, with all the success which I have claimed for our revival, the great majority of works which it has given rise to are not the productions of tFose who have promoted or care a straw for it, but of men picked up by chance, who only follow our style, as the fashion of the dry, have never studied old e-amples, much less worked out any original developments of their own, and are quite incapable of producing anything above the very tamest medioenty. This evil is fauaher increased by the appointment of architeds from motives wholly unconnceted with their professional competency. A particular architect is the son or nepbe7 of a member of the committee, a friend of some large subscriber, a townsman, a native of the country, a pleasant fellow,-anytbing in the world is too often considered a reason for his appointu ent, provided only that skill in his profession be not named; If it is so a hundred objections are at once started; indeed, there are whole districts in which a realchurch architcc is never by any charce employed, and even in London itself they are almost systematically excluded; and there are at this moment men of the highest talent and knowledge doing next to nothing, while mere tyros and adventurers are oxecu iug the works which are unjustly withheld from them. "A second hindranceof the same class is that a multitude of architects who join our ranks seem to have little or ro appreciation of intrinsOo bearty. This arises from the low condition to which architectural art had generally fallen, and it has become so ingrained into the Engli3h constitution that nothing but a determined effort on the part of each student of achitecture and of each individual architectan effort prolonged duting their whole career-wiU get over it. We should seize evesy opportunity of viitlng, contomplating, and drawing from works of a better age, particuarly of those which we select as in some degree our models; we should, in our houses, surround ourselves with prints, photographs, and models of the works of such periods, noc as copies, but as means of influercing our I natural senses and courteractimg the baneful influeuces to which they are hourly subjected; we should, above aU, habituate our eye to search out and delight in the exquisite forms of nature's prodactions. " In the same class of adverse influences may he mentioned tvwo others, contrary one to the other, but eawh of a damaging tendency. The one is too servile a use of ancient examples, the other too violent a straining after novelty for the mere sake of it The great aim of art is not so much novelty as beauty. True it is that the same form too often repeated begins to nau- seate, and for this reason the mind of the true artist should I be a fresh spring of ever rew and varied beauties but produchtons which are only rew and not at aU beautiful are worse almost than the repetition od nauseant of hackneyed forms, exceptOng orly that they often suggest to a more tutored artist ideas which he is able to clothe afresh, and remodel into forms more worthy of admiration, " I now cmae, however, to the great hindrance to the perfect success of our revival, and the great object which we must set before us in all our future ettorts. The hibu drance referred to is the absard supposition that Gothic achiltecture is excluSively and nutrnsicslUy ecclesiastical. True it is that its most glorious efforts were devoted to religion, and that its religious bu;ldings were the more glorious as its religion was more pure; but the same architecture pervaded every other class of building, and we know infinitely more of the secular works of our mcdia:val forefathers than of those of any of the nations of antiqu;ty whose architecture we absurdly suppose to be so suited to secular uses. We possess in numbers the town-haUs, the palaces, the town and country houses, the warehouses, and ceen the agrikaltural buildings, built and made use of by the same men who erected our cathedrals and parish churches; and we find the same architec;u-a pervading them all, only shaping it elf in each instance to the requirements and uses of the particular structure. Our revival has hitherto assumed a character almost exclusIvely eccles;astical ; but it is not to be argued from this that our revived style is unsuited to other uses any more tbru that those of Egypt and Greece were only applieable to temples. Do our houses need Less arohitectural improvement than our churches? Look at the streets of our towvns, look at our workmen's cotlages, at the mubrerom growth of streets terraces, and crescents at our wasariug places, or the villas Iwhich disfigure the suburbs of our cities, nd the answer will not be long suggeatingitsehf. Do our commcrcial buildIngs want no reformation . Compare, then, our warehouses, &c., with those that remain in the ancient cities of Euroe, the ore disgracing and disfiguring, the other forming noble ornaments to the towns in which they were erected. Do our arcultural buildings need no iniprovement in point of taste ? Compare, then, the square-built farmhouse of the present day, its dull plain walls, its sash-windows-mere holes in the wail, its low hipped and slated roof, and the dull ugly slated sheds arourd it, with the picturesque old gabled homestead with its grand barns, often handsomer than our churches, and I think you wiU not be at a loss for a reply. Do our Civic struetures satisfy our taste? Compare, then, our town-halls, our cloth-hails, our markets, our corn exe-banges, with the noble hotels de ville, the mnarket halle, and the kauf houses of the great commercial and manufrnturing cities of the middle gees. To cut the matter short, eompare Manchester, Leeds, Birmingham, or Bradford, in the height of their glory, with Antwerp, Ghent, Bruges, Ypres, or Nuremberg in their decay, ard say whether the state of secular architecture among us does or does not stand in need of refo-mation. The fact is that the very rame process of regeneration which we have applied to ohm! h architecture is demanded equally peremptorlly for our doLiest'* end our public buildings, and is equally applicable to them. It iiiay perhaps be argued by those who admit my psemises that not only are ancient exsr.sples u-uch more scarce of secular than of eo!e.eiasi,:cal architectrre, and the revival in conseqUenOe more difficult, but that domestic habits and requirements have urdergone much greater changes than ecc'esiastical, so that even if the examples we seek were nuimerous they would he unsuited to our wants. I admit this to its fullest exter t, but I draw from it a contiaiy conclusion. The oomparative paucity of examples secures us against mere copyism, and the altered nature of our requirements insures our making the regenerated style in every sense our own. The remains, however, which are left to us are not so scarce as to fail in furnishing elements and suggestions on which to construct a glorious style of secular architecture. The generating of such a style is a truly noble task. To redeem our towns from almost unmitigated ugliness, toraise the tone of ourordinary architecture fromu tieabjectondition towhich it has been b.ought down, are ob;ects worl.hy of the highest artistic effort; but we lock for something far beyond such negative success, we aim at relndering our cities worthy of the great age in which we live; at rendering every object however humble its purpose, a source of pleasure and an element of beauty ; at rendering our public buUdiDgs glo rious productions of art and our private houses delightful, not only to their inhabitants, but to every passer by ; and, finally, at restoring to our popuilation that instinctive perception and delight in oeauty of form of which they have so long been destitute. To realize all this we need only the united efforts of our architects and the active sympathy of those who feel an interest in t-he object.".
The new editioneof WQOD's ELEMENTS of ALGEBR-A, revisedarid Imrved by the Rev. TaOMAS LUND, B.D., iz now ready, pvice12a, Cd, London. Lorigmnisard Co. On Mond ,y, Nov. 2, WlU 1:3 published, prioe so., ANESSAY on BRITISH INDMA By E. B,. A HUttPHMEYS. Lt'.D.. Beti Mastar of Oheiterblau. Gt.tmmar kebeoul New and riirlmC eslition, with Appeedice-, caospileing a 'arae amount of useful Information. Londopm. Longman and Co. Tuie zate Colonel ARMbINE MOUNTAIN, O.B.-IulI voL post Sv~o. with Portrait, price 8s. Cd. eloti', 'Ii! EOTE-S and LETBTES of the 1ste Colonel L_y_&A. .H. MOUNhTAIN, G.B.. Aide-de-Catmp to the Queen, aud Adljutant-General ofHer MaJesty'isForces In ndla. Editasidby kTrz MIOUNTAIN. London. Loengmanand Co. The EUCA,TIONALCOUNFERENOK.-JTo-Atpublished,inpoet 8,o., price .e I.f.aewcd, ESSAYS upon EDUOATIONAL SUBJECTS read Eat the Educational Conference of June, 1817. With a Sheik Account ofthe ObjecftandProceedingsof the feetiug.- Pubilahed by authorIty of the Committee. Edited by ALFRECD luLl0 Barristerest-Law. one of the Honorary Secretaries. Loadon. Lontu&na and Co- PBJ;iKNT 110K for CHRISCtA&-Eel WI ovembetr. in one, volume frap, 4to, printed on toned pa6per. in fipiroprat binding, p ice one gnlneak, DOETRY ancd PICTURES from THOMAUS 1.MOORE: Selectiones of the most populfar and admired at Moore'sf Pcsc. opiusl Irnstate wih hgbl'iliaed Engstimir. on Wood fromorigualdesin. y 0.W. ope,IIA E. O. ould, . Orope. CHARtENTE's WOOLWICEH ACADEMY FRENCH TEXT-BOOK. -Jstpblished. of the EERNWCH LANGUAGE. Adopted by the War-office, for the use of the Gentlemen Cadetl: of the Royal MiUtar Aesemy, Wool. wich. By A. AIGRE DE OEHARENTh French Mater In the Royal Mlsiltway Academy. Pronounoed by thepreasto be the meet oomprehensive and elaborate work eTe, pubjished oni the grammar and idioms of the French language. Mr. De C"arente's fretch Coerce Is divided into four Parts, whi-ch may be had s-epartatel. an follows:- Part I.-Proonuiation-AccldenceU.3s Part IL- 8rench and English Syntax0Comapae. 3g. Parts L,and IL-Formiing the Junior Courte, In one vol., price 5c. Cd. Part III -Gallfclarms and Ansltolams. 3s. 6d. Pakrt IV. -Iyntaxe de Cnrctn-naXe'Afiorod-Dsafitij. tee. Ce. Parinlls ad IV.-Forming the enlorOonrse. 1nonevoL, prioseG London, Longman and Co., Paternoster-row. On Fidy, Oct. 23, In 3 vole,post Cvo.,~ QEYMO'UR and Ii FRIENDS. By the Author U of" TheSefciret Hcarrisge.' Huratst andBiackett, publishersi. se n'rors to Hlenry Coihurn, IS, Great Marlborough-gnret. To be ba at all the libraries. Mire S. V. HALL's NEW NOVEL.-Now ready, in 3 vole AWOMAN's STORY. By Mrs. S.' C. HfALL. A 1 "'A Woman's Story' may be hteartily reoommende,.".-Athse. mouun. " A novel fuUl of attrac,ire IncIdent, Its interest is of an en-. -Examiner. Hurst and Bienbett, 13. Great Marlborough-etfeet. lHew and Cheaper Edition, Rtevised. on rdak,Ot 3 n10,wt 1'fac and additional illustratin, l6, d. bound, TflHE OXON IAN in N ORWAY : or Notes of Ex. .AL urclons in that Counttry. By the Rem,. P. M*TO&LFE. 3LA., Welow of Lincoln College. Oxford. H'rs mand Blackett, publishte-2 13, Great Marlboroogb-etreet. Now ready at anl the lIbraesinIvl, rtJio STOYo YLF. Byldngnmros clourd plaes frNom da 1p "A cheApItlbook, and wedob naiet I wil beemietly bond.seul attetioe ot oTnce ae xlrain and neeAloshsitrs odag fromtea opn ing pangelito tedenour,te et.iCroub l "The volumes Tarear n pall witte and nevetdll.-xmnr urtadh et publisheers,Gea eucrees-g4tee ortoeNoy Cobreay n. 2y.,wt ~RIENT L andWES~ER SIB DIA;Raaora, ~J tive ofCoven Yean' ExplortIons and Adeutrre o In Ieria,i Monslla,Daoria,theKirgis tepps, thiee wortak and eparteof Now ready, I2vole.,d edithilarronn , 3 l, UASAT E inthe LutFE of aSLIER;i or,Q1 MIl4itarySrIcedInthrelErst an Wto tBy Lsenfulpornela So JnuateSrK tLEXdANDE,tlo , opL.St,o of. "Onciens grotmrt the 7gu n fas~ sradalnes aof be fatures of the wo mnnrk Is eeienced. The autio haesere on go er, stouths hid Canada, rand ~ thud lihtsedixIo.itwrethfatmeoetolne."-Secraing,o"the bodok Ris hdwit BantleyeeNow Butlr."lzmton-tee.Husan~epblhrs Now ready, secnd2 edton. 3m vrol., UITLA By toe Vauithor on ATherietiaLife- "Whethrlk vieweoad with eerealnce toAthe skilfu p"Heitre wt characterltheTdram tic ompiaino Aeincidents, UorI chearingoun elarg.eo thelsalogihe Quiters isanekademrabgenlemnveeWtt, pententines, graphic, funl ofcbrmistian pictures borsli teandmners, itd is pooltivelsh onieraInoD thelbeethf-mode sttories, and ramybet rea" Wtrde lrighted unrstfompuouer tourualeslir, -adoingdoet, RWLirdoBn,tlehyr NwBentley,gNow Bureiotoosre Now read,teat ow reedyi, in 2 vole., poet drvo.,wt RteMlta tIonLAbyDGeo or Variethies an in Amerihcand Life.ybo-d "Bri 2sk, sc feni,ade. rtlig"Ahnsu,"eew Tlargetows. We hbtavetfarmers, urtooeeere,angetleme fn:v phaI- x clans lawers,and achemsts;huntes, hrse-tealofe cand turw, e- rogush msersIn cunci wit kee attrney; an ambini eatoair brlln nuorpolueiouaints"-ees. ondn,Richard Bentley,Ne Ne ulNgNon-dstreet, 8o, ih llst~tiw 5.~ Now eady "Aenth extejn,ti of voen,n poertiCr0.wt all thae Iusta-dD mtwionsa byeorgeo Coruieh anid Jrhnerch, -Jhandomly. bound, pRiebr He, oe.tl, free. lnto-ret F rady 7E 1N DB Ed GEtN DS;n or6m- n TLWaOReLD. "Bundant-Eo InRhumour, Itreratl'n f hcy; ine ofweniche knthworldgs of bookan men:a Intpalpablenbte wofa charoter, exdeolsite getraesIronyfa the matlst whimwecl anduclgeares bofgh oint and repirsawedoubt is atteve Btle bheat thldwie authort eof thes 'evend e' is theuaryderollher of erne Wue cmanucaropen ai pover thet isbnle sarklingro3 wih iswtoand Thumopulr-that is notwign with ienerstrokue, on soolea.-Sper dctator. L~Ramnd rLodo, Richard Beute t u laer i, odnewy the FoIrDstn, ndGS. Raeloceto of Phenok EandAtglof" Autorof"A vahe eixtent Dof gyenratlsinformtihe Wehv s met w'-ith aboo o moret, varidon reeardh"h Bul.endn Ricar t etly Newr Ma nligtn-tre SNwready, 7th eDitIn invo. price IFe..&- W A,H IFEEN DECSIE ATLE of the ldlTep. arsr--Aw Prfso Caculaead to releeeafora militry deascrpton thodem`-s atel tle, o tially vAriedt uthedama1theg borktld In al Btylenbweiceh mcenes' the bo reanr'n mindth leatrate to the wortit ld-inedeimprtanc'Edof teuevetL heview. Land~Ses,lcatr.odoBnte, NRichard Bngley, purehe nt rinr toHrM,EBITyadC. DtiGran UsedMrin MchALCOTLMd eI ondt. Rinpo entley0,prc New Bali,g ton sree.TISEokI oprgt and POGR sS ofe ethredENGLISHainr G3 OravninLtters oI, At 1p,op,l- Acoun ofd a l the Prmr iniple-s. ing ll PrtyPoilicewolyPro roitoiiu3roClt s.,BarseatLw A NhoNf TE Fite SH R ODecisiWeBattlenofnth Worle.o"A aodmAble pomerryl whichteverytwellmeghtedaveglishmanaought to p0see"L Iterara Ga%trett rkblonon Rubichard BntlPeypulsher Its odee92Int nowg i rie CadyrIlo,tten. price5' lJae. Cdr. eeol - WILLS,be of th Idl Tempe. Bar -ter-atoaw view t, "Ams neetn ok tl.-oldin aBstle wh ch csthblo view. Serolod s, m Ri y'-Su.Ladl,chard Bentley, New Brtgo-eet Burlirgw mmdiael, i totniee.ts. FGuidIIDI. Eitdtro the GalayAti d t rnhs 4 tda ellmtn, Aihr e tley.LNe Bulndton, icad etly,Nw ulig to stet WORK work is& LM coy igtand hORAs be netrd at DaioerN'"rvN ottrersy,01 Freown eS,-owit lreay t all. th9A brrvs INE inHERWAYOad SWEitENi aBsye ofHhoLdS A a.,dpowrfu inectve hatmIgt avedbecom beama welwm- Mass oiont urg Is lkeiieCeharlothe Ciety' Jante Gyrea'tW oguld - navherftcei welade' hew efrean u e. wihJombu Bul, Th caratirofs BhurlGiBgrook-ArpetC. it thhuad The he0t fIODEIt AlCoER BOOust o redyetntdy,lo FGeNCial TLuLdy' Oi MniodeRNsO :a rcin Guid oto thei Cablr Art in haller hisbanchaes,abautd, as wle lolhfo LohrdBntlyone llr ete,Nw Burlington-street, New WOK forThAeLLR o A inrNORWA andiuEEN, owrayincodnitrsu, nwit tri'ertiny. d. CHEAIIByDITARNES HistorylPhiIptliSeionoSpeantrallif, andofwillo beuna5welcom mhostpituestueo arconsutd Nowyand Dsel, nPst deo.-rr Lon. siterr Taete. Onuestoflthermost enpoteroainngorks which ihasevr apered oneNorwayuandSwfede n,tpoestecoesbthedfasci Wtionofranewbootb WasingtonfIrring."eLondon,icado Bpentey,Two Bit. cow rolngen-set. Chatrles,bound.' ee To aetMn. I.huad TeMr gu oodiFerouginagd itdInsthellaush. ib tlronleu. conSo. Plteoua,ond.s ah oue Maejoraruto'Cnquest of Canadahre ol. conSo,wt lts old Ther& Bonqet 'of spe ort iThre thousa rondSv.,ihPae,bu 4.Coharolesrvea'. Cnn fTu r.is huad 1ZHA-1-1 - AsoAist rady LIBRA,RY EDITIONS. History of PhilIp the L4econd r'f Strain. Two vols, demy iso., withl Portrait.s. handsomely bound. ISs. The RIgn ofFerdInand and Isabtila. In two vole,decy Io..hand. Fomnely bound, with Plates, 21s. The Conqicest of Mexico, In two rOILe demy 8vo., han,dsomel bound, with Plates. 21Ls The Conquest of Peru. In two rots. demy iso., I=sndoniely boun,L witha Plates,21Ie Historiu.l. and Critical Essays, In one, vol. dewy Cr0.. handsomely bound, with Plate. .0s, Ca, London, Richard Bent-ey, pub'lsher In ordinary to Her MMaie-ty. Now red,pest, Cv. peior in,co'h OUR COLLEGE: Leaves from an Undergrjiduate's Scribi.llan5 look. " In is sarttlen in excellent language, and in the toes taste . . . . the stories themselves are very well touud, being frEe from that perpetual Blaugv smairtums uith which ~uchbooks are gcnerai:y fil,l'W..-Expreea. 'Our College' Is no con-os10 book, hut a sntetcsstial Verdant Green.trvainvg the awtal dsngers of anl Ucui reratty career with the notar criticIFsms a bich tbeydeserre; the writing of this hook lit admirable.y-Rra Lie~d n, Earle, 67, Castle-,6tret esat. Bernernscreet. Just publihed, In qnerl'. cloth, olrbs 2Le,, UTOL. XIV, of the EN (2YVLOP2,EDIA BRITASIT NICI.A, eighth edition., ilustrated by numerous engMravng_ PrIncloal 0Acntens -MagnetismFn a'd Micreoutoe. Br Shmr David Brewster.-N.Mommatul BY JamesWilsoNn. Manufactures, By J1 H. AI'GudIooh.-M.%eohatAos. By W. J. t. Itankine, Professor rif CAvll en-' Thbloxns La)oocl, N.D., Ftoft~or of tee Prea-tice of P;hysic in the nITuversity of Plblnburgb.-Met&phasirc By Rev. H. L. Mausel, Reader in Mdorel and MetaehtstcaI Phtloopl,v. Magdalen College, (ixfos,1 Meteorologry. By Sir John F. W. Hershel, Beet, Edinburgh, Adam an,d C2harles Black, and all bvokceilers Me. Weetert'on has jnst tpublishsed the followin Worka Ly Lient.- General Siir WV. F. P. Xpe,K LIE~~1~g~LES 1~APIER and Wellngtn an ILpier a eene totheabove, Third editIon, A Butoryof Sr ChrlesNapir's dminctc oil of Bc;Ando witho his ampagn i theCuteee Hlls,A ne andchescrer Illustrated The &uquce of SLde. new ditio. Nesly ready. Chares ea:rt,s Be Prc-uomrr,
SALES BY AUCTIONb. At the Mart, To-morrow. MA ESSRS. HOGGART, h'ORTON, and TRIST iLl. beg to Inform the publi that the FREEHiOLD FROPERTIES advertised for SALE at the Mart, Ter-morrow, at 12, will be offerod ia the followving order, viz. : 1. Berks.-Three Cottades out-buildings, and enclosures of wood and arable land. at Beenham. 2. -wilts.-The Lackharn Estate. near Cbipscrbam. 3. Wills.-The Little Bedwin Estate, near iuneg,rford. 4. Lnooinshire.-Pieehold and Tithe-free E&tate, nwar New Bolingbroke. 5. Hants.-Freekold Estates, in the parishees of P'rerton, Candover, Bradley. Nutley, Bentroyrt, and Weild. In four lots. Old Broaa-street, A RRANGEMtE1NT of SAL by Vlr. M'AtSEA, of ,CA. the valuable CONTENTS of hloebrtdge-p[le Wokinac, Surrev , one mile from SheWokinc Station on the South-Weatern Railwae - Third Day'a Sala, THILS DAY, October 22.-Tee valuabln e pirtuoeh In the entrance-ho, dining room, drawing zostam, and Ubrarizs, mnd the deonrative furonture. Yourth Day'S Sale, Tol-morrow, October 23.-The remalnder of the pitouresIn rlctur allery g an marble baoomoll,te works of art and virtu, Fith Day's Stale.Saturay nex:t. Ocvtober 24.-The collection of stato. a~ nd rones,theserice ofchia ed gassand cutlery. Eighth Day's Sae, Wednesday next, Oct. 28.-The servants' oglioes, brew.house, yard, hay, timber, and out-door effects. May be viewed. Cataogues; (price ls.l to be obtained at the UMan slon:- and at Mr. M Iarsh's nfiSces. Charlotte-row. MansIoa-hours. Modrn Furniture, IncludIng a Dining R-oom 8uite in oa&k7,-wZTi Cabinets 6* CottaasePianoforte in walnut care. Mantel Clock, Books, China, Gaseliers. HorFe. Hlarness, and Effectz. R. ROBERT REID will SELL, at his Rooms, i Great Marlborough-street, on Monday, October 26, at 10 for 11, mndern F1JRINITDEE, comprising a dining room suite of nine oiairs, dining table and sideboard ini oak-, walnut and rosewnod Icc and ovl tables, occasIonal and fancy dttto, conversatlon oouch. sein of chairs and eay dItto,ses ci mahogany extending frame dining tables, chimney and pier glnesev, Briusels and Other carpts, fenders and Irons, mabogany and Japanned four-post, French. and Arablan bedsteads, excellent bedding, wardrobes, henets of daw;ers, washetands with marble tops, dressitg tables to mateh. bed room appendages, secondary chamber furniture, kitchexn reQuAistes, and effects. M,ay be viewed on Saturday, and cataslogues had. tiwan-etset, Bermodazey.-At MeeOrB. Robinson and Bartram's 3aw MLlls.-To Contractors Builders, Paoking-case and Box Makers, and others.-Extensive Sate of Pianis, Deass, and Battens, and PreDared Flooring. 3MR. PEAKE has received orders to SELL by tober 22, at 12 for Iio'lock. Inlots, a veery larpn abovtrnetnt of STOO K. compisin abot 10000yellw, wite,andpins planks, 7,000 Follow and£ white deals, o00yello nd'wVbit£ebatatens, anOd about 7,C00 squares prepred DOOnug b<tsrds. May be viewved the day previous and momIn sf sale. Catalogues obtained at the mlills, and at Mr. Peake's OmfCes, 4, Tooley-strees, B.E. Approved bills at four montha will be takenu above £i20. Luncheon at halUpasat 2. Mlay be viewed two days Chanden liers,bautifutlteonpedPiannforte, with recentImprovements by Erand, bio dozen of Wine. iqueurs, and numerous Items RGE.AlNESannaounces for SALE bjAU- ism o. 1, MotomVslloa, Adldro, near the Ha;np8teadogkttion, THIS DAY, Oct. 22, at 11 fr2'coc presIrely, on account ofthe number of lots, all the very cheice modern FURNIURE,embrcingmahogany bedsteads n agus rm bedding, two very capital winged wardrobes, marble-top wahatands, tables, cheval ard toilet glasses, a drawing room suite in walnut treeof tabes,ses o chis, cuces, cbeffonlers, damask curtain ohe windows, fineplatechimney-glasse twocrylcut chandefor g mahogany telescope dining tables,12 mahogany hals, b soas, deboard, new Brussels carpets, rags, oilcloth, fender and fireirons, tableochina and glass, hail flltings,and domeetlo stitles. Mlay be viewed to-morrow. Cataogus o th prmiss; f Mssr. Elisand Co., solicitors, 12. Clement's-lane; of Mbessrs.m HlneMeauctioneers, Moorgate-etreet: and at the aructioneetr's offices, G3rosvenor-street, Eaton-equare, anud 12,IOgb- BPEmbers Premises, N;o. f86, HIarrow-road, jESSRS. DAVIS and VIGERS are directed by ilthe Assisnees ofMr Themes Hart to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, No. 06, Ha rr oad. on Wednesday, Oct. 28, at 12 for 1, the LEASE, of those commanding and excellent BUSINESS PREMISES and R,EIDENCE, situate within a few doors of the Edgoware-road. as lately occupied by Mr. Hart, batter. &c., and held by leaae for a term of 21 years. at the low rent of £100 per annum. The property may be viewedwo days before tho sale, san particulars had of Messrs.NIorton, Son, and Muam, solicitors, New-street, Btsbiepsgpse and of the auctloneers. 3, F3rederIck's-place, Old Jewo." Poptar.-To Firewood Cutters. Marine S3tore4dealers, and others. NAB. J. Y.GIBBS will SELL by AUCTION, on ILL the Pemilses, Eandali'smarket, near tbe Saliors' lome, East Iudla-road not Wednesa,Otbr2 t1 o 2 ag unlyo PirEWO06D. buildihg materialsber's castsand horse, timber ear. riage, a quantity of compressed hay, and about 20 tierces of prime alt beef; also eeveral elaborately-carve stone vaes, just Imported fro Spain. May be viewed two days before the sale, and catalogueshad at the Market-houoe Tavern; and at the auctioneer's ollces, 01 and 83 High-street, Poplar. i3toke N10lngton.-xsousehcld Furni)ture. Cottage lPanoforte in Roie. woed Came by Stoaddat C0 dozen of chice WVines and Liqueurs, Books, China. 03lnsa, and Miscellaneous Effectsd. R. RIKRKMAN has been favoured with instrcm- iLL tions to BELL by AUCTION, on the Premires, No. 2, Barrettgrove, Stoke l(ewington, on Thursaay, October 29, at 11 for 12 o'clock precisely, by order of the Executers of the Into John UTnwin, Req., all the HOiUSEHIOLID FURNITURE and EFFEOTS, comprising mahogany four-post, Iron, and other bedsteads and bedding, mnahogany chests of drawers,aasghi staads end fittiDgs, dressing tables and glasses, ladles' ogany wardrobe and the usual chamber requisites, ropewood and mahogany eard and other tables, chairs, couches, serertary boolsesan sideboard, 61 octerve oDttage Dlalotorne in rosewood case by Stodd'art, chimney.glas3es; Brussels, Terkey, and other carpets, fenders and fOre Irons, 200 volumes of book chins, glass, 50 dozeu of very fine old port, 40 dozen of sherry, claret, champagne, and hook nine dozen of Rlueurs the sarraliculinary utensils, garden implements, and innumerable items. Slay be viewed the day previous aud morning of salo, and catalogues obtained on the premises; at the White, Swan, Tottenbamn; and at the offiesm of Mr. Kirkoan, aucthonee, valuer, su rveyor, and eetate ag ent, Blaokheath, and3, Cannon-at., oity, DevOshie.-B Sl. J.(I.THOMS. t the Ship Inn, in Crediton, on Saturday, he 31st day of Octoober lnst,, at 3 o'clock In the after. noonSJby direction of the Trustees under the wi lof the late eov. Comnyns Tucker, decesed). A LL that valuable Freehold Estate cailed Ahe eBroadridge, comprising a newly-built farmhouse, with requisIte outbuildings, and L43. Or. 290. (more or less) of orchard, 1able, meadow, paSture, anLI woodland, In the occupation of Mr. W. B. Tucker, as tenant thereof ; and also all that estate called flaylaud, adjoiDngn thereto, comprising a fainbhoulrnand 65a. 2r. lp. lmore or less) of ratu, Cctio otSheIN CoRi ad ;ols, cnoioe LibrarPyof orchard am , mead INGTOu has receivent instruptions thme sid. om aYn Tucker. hu the p aop nrutyI of el estoke J.DwittadimT b geetlAUCIO, n Monrday aLi utedSaty, Ocoe liesin goo sprtin udtya Is de tauthnie miolesfrofm Chemo n and iabdoudttreetmils8fomrthe,Wt urobabdralsato oen te N orth Derorgi| ailwy, an is bunded thr ughutb and otexcealualentru E trsW Particular romayobeah d o ess makonab dawndgmih an , Esnsex.o ftre, rand o Lodon,or a t the Mart ozc of p.a Fe. e I Smit, cto, Crediten. peinting, plndthmldetonf e letr ealudle and umodniprotuiseo dfor.Sa veyratus, leColIection of Shells, Coahes,in andFsils, onokof Porbraryof day a Too. Forn unhTr hes rei ev he p linhatruceths r.Lic6..om wtheon-assees under thebankto$rupt of Mesrs. . Daddnd 26 end21,e aDeb following dalytsneessary,on tprewhole srofpthemoern ayn genteel HOUSEHOLD FUR NITURE and Co.hewlaln pErsonll be atthae residene auotloner. ThMomasBenryGotolt, Lowcrstree,n eh oftter fratured bed roo donie ., bouot 1,00or. plate,exce t Lpoianofrt voTmkaeryaual colcind ofrcntfitesshelsIncbetstockr of a Pouk kr.3twis sa al oth re t o gteel hfopeholbd Sale t eachi daIaL 1 o'loc. 13 ldo-tr lmere atclt,sedcrpiv aaous ten at e Sron, prints, eltterig le a ndt the premis theday rodu Satu yevicuS to and at the Une of time ot may be steed ron aFridy a vined oSaturd Ocr. 23 and 24. and noson3wlleb admitted to view theEgooD, or atoe thes p ogue. | . etteringissituate on theecester and Hbincbrant f thae I I,uinl Gf.Doxr A. Vand buldt toDubH OUE M!dld( Railway. Down trains leteave Kings tcfrow Lndon ater1 Cml,3.1 and 6.40 p.om. , arriving atKetteringt 1.28 ca,mBon, i2 n .11 p.mue Zsindox-tret. -Shot Lese,withpro able re gewa er-wythAHEJ and WOD, a the art, n Wed esa,Nv circuat 12, it lately let atannum.oond=itionswillyb pnd uc onvenieat gt e o f oms, Apy als ot the cions',6d New Bodtvtret,d May hervie Thed oapic ertiou. r o tencmotion toothenmzu faB5iona~blAsembalys poeandBellos, cocrts,ale. aesem Cestat ONnuaDstakeipform therenpuleblctat h hauces roomsear fuavrour zed bytheirclu getoy sndmlattorspublic COMel'c]wtITIO,o the woreg fmch etablon Tuetsda,Nv 0 t3c i the preen IB ptar nofpon,itabeinetmtschcndtin asey e willth.TenD bertydisceldforthe ell renowiaindemuchf atrequ 0 ented PUBLIC SSpembLrY185 and theyaDIlG ren0Mal situat facing th vewttea and romenade,ftogtherwt patheuar whoeyo the Greoibrntotained withiutiuer;oro .NV the cIrular roadnit roigh-tofBitoilstfrexhbtio, WethTerenont.Thsmsiebldn,wtIs ehrtagte IncfDeb 7ofee in60 length a pndth bal room rtma benifcntl rialEdSinSthe wetoaEnan.Te dut Comprisealuppr card,b r adig,bilird loak,an hat roos, t stnewards'. romilom,itcedne, ra,ndOctonvenien tliingrooms.l ThreS MOTalso a EB spcousadwil-sol. r atedgardn in the rutoiear . TheMautioner-saret,suCarlyd wosuldietat-W arsmude tha bDannualEq slycitake plAdaace threi,Tet.bAdedladhe withtbnworingof uchestblibm Stc k h rsn of aTrnoprtny groenridrofa Sterm of 60 dyean,ofromPeptek0mbdern2,12,a th eal R. ~fESS. ARHASanT will SELL byAUT iL AI EIN,a arwG',Canealy CorhiloWees tines f Stel Pea, 160dozenof Pecils,b mo ern aitings,ver GAf.E.THOAS ill SELL by AUCTION, oathie IY.&Gslleryt elastaoerT-sqoarow THIS E bENING,athu avrsdy, Oct. wee2blatge, ofK pringb, tO mCTURNS h- painingseitframes,wembaring. Sion tock a0m Eunekxmpkeerbycomprisoing 1 ulc matera n,dress ,caiee an.Do A Aeri andclthrveldtn basC ndum else orpoet.O n view,.n Catalogues o hradciat thearoms. CityAuctonwRoms SruEchrLL by etA iUCTIOlNt, o h Ma bve stlowed the day previous and morning of sale, Ctl a at the room4 O, The King's Head, Kn-twtmw,Park-laoe, one door from the latter tborug'hf"ire,tdb h ,en M R. DANIEL CftRtoNI idretdb th Ec I. trix of the late Mr. JUckson to SELIG by' AUCriON, at Gara wsay's, oa Moaday, Octolysr 24, at I precIsely, the LEASE and GOODWILE. (with powmuenale of the above ROUSE' edfra nxie tere f 9 yar fomLady-day last, at the low rent of £0 aunium.I 'Ibepremlsesare in a dennely crowded, busy, cheedrf:lneguro,d and there are all the materials enud all the urhltnefr h ommad I and onuducet of a lane and lucrative trade. May7 be viewe o I e peter to the wile. and r,actifeata had ; ala_ at OsrraW.3ee';ad of tweek auctioneer, 1. Vernon plc,BIoomegbuny.aq_,a. an O t, The WeUleeley Acne,, caspital abtiouse, Robert.-a~tree h, Ce~ midway in the chief thoroughar bewe h eha'n Igs zoads,l" ewe h Fla ntF,, M RA . DANIEL CIRONIN iif directed by Mr. Peck, ILthe rroprietor, to SEGIL by AUCTION, atGrawys on Mon. day. October2fi, at r2. the LEASE and GOUDWILL,, with oaeeln for 34, years at the rent of 'St per annum, of the veyomadg corner RLOUSE, krnown as above. It Is in excellent odr a ne rnor and most Profitable trade, and ia admirably itateItiecnr and full, command of a deasely populated neighbourho tyb viewed one weak prior to the salo by aenpinant, w.ith crsf h auctioneer, and parrlctilars obtained ; alsoatGar Flaveil, Esq.. 21, Bedfordt-row;, and ofthe auctoneear';o .W Blo~omsbury-square, WV.CVennpae The Ivy lHouse orat-crasa Wine anal eplitEtblhet v-te Holton, and Two Hiouse deini ljR. DANIEL ORON IN is directdb r .M M Clarke, the Proprietor, In conseuMince ofhsetem n og continUed ill-health, to SELL by AUOTION tGr-&a',o Monday. O)ct. 25. at 12, the LEASE, with the Gowl n oaeln Of the IVY HOUSEi, very comnmandingly stalte ttecre fI street and Ivy-lane, and in the centre of one o h etrmral ineighbourboods In the metropolle. It is held fora nxie emo 26 Years from Michaelmav.day last, at the rent('deabltih two adjoining houses) to £6586 nanm ti .retdthn~s tatien that the situationa of tlgri houreaumpl maietdbtlevr large and Independent business, In almost withotapriei h trade. It may be viewed 10 days prior to the eaibyapan it cards from the auctioneer, and particula rs ay hnh a loa Garrway's I and of the auctioneer, 1, Vernuplc,iombry The Tallow Ohandles r, igare, eetsre,a h corner of Tyler-nIceet, withpeneson fo bslte Saet, by ordero the mortRagees. in r 6itSaebyodrf l~R. DANIEL CRONIN is Paerempetyntrtd MUto SELL by AUOTION. at Garrsway,s 011 rilsdy,t27 antru 12e ther.valurable LEASE sand GOOD WILL of tire abDvea cOperio WINE12 andI SPItIT HEOUSKheld for a term of abu 35 yes Pri,orwu "NExpel at the rent of £084 per annum, The premise are in excellent order, and most judicionsiy anraneed for business and diertneti purposes, the front is attract-Ive, and thae situation Immediately contiguoul to Regent-street, and in the contra of a crowded and busy neighbourhoolj May be viewed, and particalarn had at Garrawnys:;s of George Wre", Esq., Blackman.etreet, Southwark, and of the auctioneer, 1, Vernoniplace, Mloowesbury-souare, W.O, lington-read.-BIy order of the Aednlynes of MrA ihr Elot bankruept, andi whir the concurrence of the Mortgae, ThE B. DANIEL CRONIN w,illSELL yA CIN IV at Garrway'n on Tuesday, October 27. a-t12thveyvubl BREHOLD PUBLIO-HOUSE, excellently buiItanarngdad known an the Admiral Napiner. raoet cecaemandinglystaeinhebt Dart of thVi rapidly-extendlng locality. Th premle n eladpe for the lart., lade WhiCh in evidently fant aPProachig n teeee tunity in one rarely preeented for the) investment of aelucptl and the commianid of a business of more than ordiarexntMy bevee nd patiuabrshdge onp ethe tprem ens;asat Gee rt. a's M.Dr,Rq.,D NE slCitR, ONIhmtN.hasreceivFedoyInstructions outo SLLb AUUl CTX, Orth atnso-,are;and'g otx Mr.sdanie Orto2lea auctihee LAnSEstt andGOOntL. wi, Veronpslac,Bn.omthuye wel-kow Londoecedn, l aublWRPRT.C.inuse b h ig an tioedFlatnthlde Wedofine andvSerit stelament, tgheromp wtont.rowiv bozesadoig the ebrmdgex ppnIted to Qeeedu2.larteeeh te en l IJred .d b h leAtnIE oRf N N prm ses perecetived toslructha SOn pri. tonSELL The AUereCTO atr GaBrerawy concTurenday, Oct. 27,ant 12.er theoEA ancldes nyotber IL n w iihposntslon. oha thes woell-now andexeednly raksamouabhlmrePRPRY Diipulahewiby thetae aidgus men. tinned at theheed fofrthis advroispemtenwt, tgther alpUatnwithpth ofiv honlarybuioe adciin;thelterm unexviredwxeds on3 wekloam,an the rient, redue,b atheulettnghd alofath Gpremi lse apprandg tof la theaucineer00 her lannumd. LTheeerncfo bmat ed t cocrenl ihrsn ozlbretion, preuet an othr acaeruno tand thatr othi orruse do aevdyrnsamong the meregpopular withom teatrade,ad morustwcon. MRdia. busInEssatiiy CRlayI be viewedon tedwa bro theRsaeand Thursdcay. had;be al9 at2 far 3 in 'he afendof h utonercis, 1, Vernon-lae Buldngs uryncludnthcaialagra.C . ac lu trs 2 olhe late r.L arigar', cele braft. ad Faou odPeie,thpare Brihto, wthth nie Trade or a Baker and Flour wctr reanked amGound Inthe rgearatinrextent in the kigom,uestabishofMredres, fopard of a cntery.a40prtnm Te)eie-aenxel,uodr £rtJ cnentientforSL byt AToN,pato ai thges Ol ndShiHtel rigston,o ona theraddiOtiobe 29. ath 2rfir 3n iny theadftenon rhcihl the meetil dvaltable.F ay eOD Riewedon a Ey weea ithiShop neSteem plour tol the d ofBualde. includin the hopitsofl gaind4 and flrtoulrsor, may 12! baon14dae powrenioe, loftye ehaft and Ou-ldSipgste, toigether wiatthtie whi EchainoRte mofeethindependentland pLondonblGeohracer alot-a Piort nofruth In the rear, Hatt prtel.n inws the ocuAione Hofter PeRlgs,ka thenantte wil,art H20ter eganu.the prf emises arc in ecllentOrdr, trihatoth adito ofthe gaucioneand hayt etrade,fo hc ae the onpremie loandaaeunwe'L adapted maW emdewt.osieal aclt n advntge.Ma .h view led ns2 wfeek dayewihnoed wee prioprto the art salis b-Petwee nEt,tdb thhha o f10ad4 n Exeatruiss mayBL be read, dey priord PROPtERTY ofa theOl TShiptHote, tilhtyoomD at the coernfExchange, witfehouare,s i,alfrk-oourt, Lobein:Goge 13, 1 t.ntde16 medouth;thehit Harntin HontheOl.dLoentrothe ngelr Hothel,Biningatokn Taerihn,e; andt the auctionee ranestegentso U, 1W 2, Venon-place, Theave,alu ablereehold latteues OdigSu Kaernt-od neate the propertyaJoa aaa';of Mr. Chomarl s bned, deuclietedt, Hcmy; R. DA1IEL C ~N rewetfl y gives by otice AU TION at Garraway' Comhll,o Tuesday,2Nv1, t1 ofor,lot,athei cherfu hou,sXes, withardnsand foreecoulRts,OL bei g 1, I4,1 nd 16 Peasfcod-plae,kNwWnso,I h frontin nteOdKn oad nhea tech- risi,ngI Sal Taven, let ats 1inte Frsctre rent Gofl £Harr£2. £16, andt £2espertbl annum tol verys,a 1respeable renate, the wholet mayhigal vixewed by. 1dleav,ad pastiheularn handGatrtherisn Sune Tavern,narth propwert aloffatou G ark-way'; of Mr.aThomasfJacob, Church-sreet,qHackney; of to.I,NwBodsre;adof the auctioneer, 1, Vernon-place0eoabr-qsr.W C Valuable Jreehold Estae, WoowWic ondlsor ouingo at we&l-eo ubred aboutL150 er income f£6pranm RYA . DANIEL CRONIN wiircedt SELL byA - M Ai. TION, at Gawrway'a, Corehbil, on Tuesday, 2Nov. 10. sill, i inone lot,SI verapitableadceru FREEHOLD ESAER-miingtheIDENtoE with ea lore-courts and geasst rdensowan, formin te holeofaucousta-lae, Pbepremd-iumt ewa Waindsor, in thefron of th eafrmb high-roa,ndiu last pl teasant o U and elhrsgbur;also Threy aodrene toMiss welhinops andoinism, Wintero Ferstr GWedall, arris and Woolfy a, rltents,eatbl ; an d oldpen ann,, at mwdya rligheteo,yo theoeaePayinvalltaes rod,o., andcproducing togeter 16 per sig annu,fomn pay Xitonper and enur.Te investment. ay he viewed by leave of the tenants. n ateLr ot,alpd te Sar ndGarer otl, indor GarrawxcangeC-O Cofeehuse blcklan; Grraays; f W 12 PTahern. Eooswch, sofi tor,15,NewBroa-ateet andof he uctoneer,h2, Vendon-lace lsloornshnry-cquarerno-plae, Boom. M.Valuable arehod Reat,Woaic, ositngo -th Cattle Public house,andJThree Hu esandoShops adonn,tewoepein On R. DANIEL CRONIN i dinaoretedith EL bntr LU. isb heilrgweat ELb AUCTION, at Garraway's, o nTedy.Nv1,a in, cueslot, aovalal FREHOL at1,toqestioATle,eemridn tREHeOCsD PubicOMsE, ltonl251erasetoMr. othvaBoluand, fenornhiharyInemidttsableg premiu a paid, foriaterm of an yeaorsutfreeom7ldchezta lath,n ladjoinng let toyearstoMr. Ballar, Nwea andt Balleyyeloarry tespnsiblea £58ants.whoI eperandnumgn a coadrigto abl ufmny on thepivteroeedy,fo whic thIgs companyin an travegf bankspay £1agn,tuper andnum,it The wholefoun ahsmon latseurengvaualInvest ment,w ianadd,tbontog tem cwer,ta pstbintyo agermu for greunewalsoathor lungcaniterio toutheex-l pboiratioinio hrsnt, lease. oreetay,b viewdbnlaeo the uato espectielyo andpavtHolleatebdCa he astler Fttrbavrn:calsoa arsawialadi Core Euclished.cInteehoeIneri,Mark-lamtne;Seer Ta-vbern, Wto wich. Vouj FWin. Forocetdr,WRnqsor,landto M r.eenisendCron"lauch;onend,f 4r Daner Cron-in alorucioneer andrestt agn,W ,Vrnnplc,Blos bWetrycsanArel,.LrgPto- Moa Vlualean mportantFIeehLD Endeoa F eORins-am,einth en uad Shops adjoining, N a the MaosGArdens, oBrewery, dO,Ioe. isuag ofrOetomDand -lar ue,gOth sew3of anImotatfreoldetat~e,etoand lease forn2u yardso 9n Mru.eallard lfma eepecWtablefandrtesp.onsibl tedgnan, hois expening aremchneederad u of money lonalthe prfopraty,u fanisctommndn ar trade ofwnh Mausual magnitde and ptclrofit.dThe reays pevos,lcain plasurhe gro unds,f theadowtlandms, bowlingmeant SHosadjelning, now.uilorsrecentl, in theOCcupratiLodonreSpctively&o MTESSRS. EVERSFIELD and IIORLNE are in-' LU trutedto ELLoyAUCIONat he tar o AUTuesdN, onth caonetaiin upwrds. of 9,00 Wue. clo feeTt,sItGablefor theerectio o lodging-house , whch re Tucneeday,incthi oe 2,alty1, o a eu Eactoryortpaceofwvahtu ayl borvewed,oad Bui tldng hand, an0 dasprvour y susatntheialybitErtadeofathed auct sees, withParlidenst- U ESSES. EVEUSFIELD androRNE ard wtin.fv .k~'.. aructd bythe onticton to reLbyaUtIN oothrn tireay Groud adoinig th Scoolsat Ianwel netuesday, Noeme Rawa at 12 ar 1, he SURLUS ~LNT; coalatinof seeral hnyci scafeld, podles, x boards,an ptlg. RWHIcellGp AMj orw, a trestleso mo Aa b ards, centerng, oquarering, firewood, andtiueu 12 'POUR a b viewed one dayualereehousledcataloiguesLand,onathe psemies, ad ofthe actioners.40, Pr ousen,wt.lrge,rdCoot Be-- Bent BeeaeB r.WE. WHdford, 'NGHBMr. atth AurITIuNG MA, Arct,iondonr, on Tuesday,WOctoerf27, at 12 TEN lotsof vluabe Frehol Buldin Laud, co dst frontend ack, ituae on he nw Ba net ofaad.eand nwith axfv Mart odon on uesay,Octoer 7. t 12. , o 1~O R Potsof altabl Frehod Buidnf Lan end-I- HousehLold FurIture, 10-feet Slate Ragateli al,a nUSko BOOts and Shoes, oo. MR. BA'WRINGS WMl SELL, at his Rooms 6. ALLimoen-,wove, M larylebone To-mnorrow, October 23, at 12 for 1, genuine HOU EaOLD FUR,NIRURE, glasss carpets, &o., of the usual description, f or bed and sitting coons, a 6-octave cabinet plane by Sitodant, 120 pieces paperhanginjgs, a few lots Of miUllnery and jewel. lsry, wringingumachine, o On view Thursdayafter land morning of sale, and catalogues had. Leseehold Estates, In Gray'c-inn-road and at 1et green.~ R. C FM BERis instructed to submit to BbJ M COMWITIO, atthe Auction Uart, T nubiDY jo2 at 12 for 1, a small LEASEH[OLD ESTATE, cOnsisting of fil-e bousca In North-tenace, Duttton-street, Croraer-street, Gray's-lun.od held for about 30 years unexpired, at a small ground rent. Also 26 H3ouses, being I to 26, Perk-street. Globe-street, Bethnalegrreen held for the reaidue of aterm of about40 years. The whole Producing agrossrental of abont;£400 per annum. The propertymaybe viewed, andnato lam, with conditions of tale, had at th Matt- of A_F. E,Cmnd= Esq., solicitor. St. Bride's-avenue, Fleet-street; Of MIr. Riches, 2, Wi.- mot-Sqluare, Bethnail.green-road . and at the auctoion ofloss, in'war. wick-court, Gray's-inn, W.O. No. 22, EEtghbury-crvsent -Costly, FuriueadAytme o this charming Residence, oomprising many of the choioest specimens of cabinet work fromn the celebrated establishment of Htenes W'tiTn. son, Clref-d'cervze of Westall, R,A.. fine Prlntg,:l,goo vols of Books, Plate, Linen, and many objects of interet end tast, selected fions the Sate of the Queen Dowager's property at Mairlborough Routle, fESSRS. FURBER beg to announce thils SALE Mk.. will take place on the Premises, on tuesday, October 27, and following dvIe.% at 11 for 12 each day, and that th~e arrangemenet of sW s alsafollows :-Tuesday, October 27,-The Appointments et a best and secondary Bed Boom, table linno), boudoir, dining room, valuable original painting by WVestall, R.A., lie proof grits._china and glass and baeement offices Wednteaay, Oct 2Is Tle Furniature otfw Seconldary and two Principal bed chambers Including the magnifoent wardrobe Ill French wralnuti bed linen, drawing room, full compass pIanoforte iu beautiful iap n. exquisite ornamental items, wire cop fet, o. husda, ct.29-Th fttigsofbest bed. room lHbrey sidboad o pate plte arIcls ,01 coa,of kaooks incluing Ro bert's ely andand obeta's~Egpt bentac-afadaara Book Auctiox Roomv;% I11 Piccadilly, pTablished 1794. M E~SSRS. PUTTIOK anid SIMPON beg to an- nounce that their SEALSON for SALM3 oC LITERAR-Y PROERTYwillCOM1MENCEon rilday, October23. In iddreewjng ste. cutorsandlothers entrused with the disposal. of Uibraries and coeole. ties, (however Ilinited os extenalve) of manuscripts, autog apho, printg, vcotures mmdco. musical Intruments, objectm of art and virtu. and works oonnected with literature andi the arts generally, they woald suggest a sale by auctioa ma the rt"eade and surest miethod of obtaining thei foad valuie. and conceiAve that the centrol situation of their =s(ea' St. Jlamea'a Church), their extensive connexioni of maore halfaentaora stauding, and the careful circulation of their catalogues in all pasts of the country. .snd. when necessary, through. out Europe and America, are advant!!es that. Will not be unoapprecdated. Mer. Pasttck and Simp on wIAalso receivesmall poaresot books, or other literary property and inset them in occasional -ales with property of a, kindred description, th as givtng the same advan. tagesi to the Possessor of a few lots as to the owner of a large collection. MerlesrP. and S.beg to callattention to the following annouxnce. noenxta of sales in pro2ress. luican tecl ntunns DUTI2IK andSIMPSON, auctioneers of literary .tpropmy, will SELL byAUCrION, at their Itns it latly Tonmorrn October 23, an laf oLLCINo ICLAEu musi fion. fulls sof re.indtueos mu,antrmns iaoto PUTTIOK and SIMSN auctioneere of ltrr .1prperty, will BELL bY AUCTION, at their House. 191, icaby on uonday, October 23, and following daya, a large O r1IECI o anmiscellaneous OOS,theologica whvrorks, ooags,ondtou Ctraelsworde of fection ok fpit,h.Ctlge nrcit of two stamps.. DUTTIK an SIMSON,auctonees ofliterary Lprpety.wil BLLby UCION a teir Ho P,09.liccadilly, on Thueda ctober29, ad follwing gaes,a Pare O orep theg P UTTAY If oegnKbea and dIPO ,acilomatist,cniig of ltrr porkonpnerny, tionaBlL law tAUtiOs,tis ho,eAr Hoa 19t1r of mediclly and mI ~ RRYofmscellaneous Bieau h hl ngo OndtOnS, Cataogued Cataogns ae oeraingeetogadrreBos ~UTTCK ndLIMrarYof n,Eitr roTeTy ICELL AU SJ~PON, auctioreers of literary Pp .o y rflSL yACI'N at their lun'e,191. PIccadll, dally, eryIn November, anSE teCetiOng ollf'ino BOOKS fr'ntelbayor an ambateur, aonaiftirg chnietlly of works intfore~ign egrss comte rniqary bSpanithean Italia Cbaookgromnes, r c.rCatalogue r reaI T lscet.,Dalansnua Laibraryle. PUTTICK and SIMPSON, auctioneers of liternry ..property, wil SELL by AUCTION, at their Hlouspe.191,,Piosadll ealy' in November, a CLLEBTION of misczelaneous BOOKS, reove moemsh connicge. bpmoder pubEnlicshoa lawd horla ls, ptels ork, Ac.rot Ctae,cbmt,~Ctloguesaareporpwaxigg Autbraryof an EdItBr. DUTTICK and SIMPSON, auctioneers of literary property, will SELL by AUCTIIN, at their House, 191. P1m3dily, a in November. an interestiong ofllectionaean of OOKero the Albraary ofeanoeditorutcgnsphtingtof ocku intrtog tom thloexantiluary bnglish and rferece. Catalogues arepreparing. PUTTICK end SIMPSN utoer fltrr kproperty, will SELL by AUCI,atherose91Podilly,In Devember., COLeCTO ofnal amleelnosE4aTc moenDRAWINGe, bypecimaens, ofmengihad b oegy orean cret tilles,c%binelits. teAurr t Catalogues are p Prarng RAreookahaandl r155. D~UTTIOR and SIMAPSON, auctioneers of literary tLproperty. will SELL by A'UCTION, at their House,.lilt Piccadilly, in November, a collVectionofilluinate acuriouhe BOKSanUSRCRITS, comerrinom wofk grelatin atiqiy bmeauty, axtndv ineriest.f Alrs of paycletiondo arteeaiclettfers,includng sothmeu othe examples,su Engltishandefork'. CatalogueswRare priveepaing. t,)ta sir Atcen G erat0ectb'solltofHnofdrwns DUTTICK ad SIMPSON, auctioneers of literary Lproert, wll ELLby AUCTION, at their House, till, Picca-il diy, n ecebe, te alubl end ineabletMUgIC,OLLECIONg ofe DRAWIGS, y oldmastrs, ormedbywSirtAthonby Wesitco nder Bert, frend nd rresondnto hias Ashmode. Alsovile anTher Cl. colectr dcliingthepuruit.rCaaiomself are prprig ErBokand Trats upnDeueTitK an SI pSon, autoeesoeltr .3 rpry olSL yACIN tterHue 9.Picca-ily i dilly, a Decemer.FamClLETO ofeig1de crios BOKSan oem e fo h otgt tto ondS S n, autonGeers Nofrliern arlwy. thecoposr' on dretin, orhi fren are diraecl.theseby1the Psoaoteanusd by te retaerHisl)are -ofsthefhighest talus an sgaraph WCtaogus ar prpain, atlogets of th prcedingtedcollec tin,and of Mssr. PtkadSipo' aesgnrly wl esn 1IAESSRS. PLEWS and WALL are directed by the £VLCourt of Bankruptay to SELL by AUCTION, on the, P`remises Broomfield-House, Southeate, on Tuesday, Oct.be 27.atn12 forowingt LEaSE.o the vaubePRLAINTs,andtAlHun threlo fur spaciourshreep tions rooers, picipalentrtd ccooandessenbedrooms ampiek adomi officeus otet ablnbig, oht. May be viewed,tl ae and partalcuearsa of sale hDr ontepeie,ado h esons referred to in the preceding adver-tret sPulantandoElacery,au bkoOlHy,fourt Ton ofrg WWest - naud Sugar ago GlandCrs n thuerouseffects.o ocnrtdMl JESSRS. PLEW an WALL are directed by the ISACourt of Bankruptcy to SELL by AUOTION, on the premises, Broomfield-house, Sontheate, on Tuesday.October 27, sud followtug day,thevalublePLAN an MAOII4ERg incluing,adfour-horse othr vluale ffets Ma bevieed,andcaaloer hand cofgtes persona referred to in the prereding advertisement. Glasses, and numerous effeats Th4ESSHS rLE Sean d WALL ardero directed by the3 AIR.nto Bakutyt SELL byl SUCION on A Thepeises, atoomf rrldahose, Cortheate.on Wedesday, Otober 27. and followin bReaNDfastEroom S apenaes,lbarya and balow fittingof the furitue ofmad 19 be roos brweryand diry tecdls,candsuedous out-door huef- 14, hOldJewryLchamers.of W Beiell, Eiqn oh" icia Qassge Cosleman.. MR. FRED. GODWIN will SELL by AUGCTION, LY.at Garraway's, Cofee-huse,Cbgealv onU on Wednesda.Otbr2.a .th GRy.OctDoLer9aSE1 for 19 er, amsatia lowrn,o h abEFOve ECommaDdiNo.y placed nhewye-builtHOUE, at preseth lwAicenspedasanbeer hotuse, buarthOfer tdogany prties N an l amsundnaleoprtut of gembatlresIneno wthe public-houseptrade.cth accommod.Iatoindfrs'rt 2 Anderaonptrse godrel.Th arag oach-houise,sn mtaybe ingweda be vi ewedso atns.y ime and pstihuad had onethe. prley misesbo Mutr. Fan Trwatkit,Edn. haNew hero, epe oiio;ado r Godwin,.91k.s.o 3, lp kive eracq,Del vereeody n feaseholad.devidedr in Cesevea, somvenwiethpsesio. lIA pleasuEe. inanouncinghtte aireL bytrcedt AUCTION,y AUkaTIOarin one Cot,ae-houe, Chgange-ally EforuhiDerb on Weridesda,N ober 13 , t at lost er 1,l aREHL susatalnFREANOLDRSIAESTATE co,ra, prpg lort theye-tro.Celsa twnsith poflon,y pleasntley, sylituan with fosessn wih aboerf repair alsof ver, ricand fetie and,ersnxteet.: wlnlyletUa £t8ernantedni an No.h 19.t ofclanderon- ndsintredtavn abu shop attached, awirltpolwestaton, alltheldWortlongteffrms, atRaloground reTs.Te abvesarious premlissmaybere,viewaed b leriasoa and peautifn culrs ad f Mssr. olly. mit, Hnte.Ianfod swattn 9,prtniwy Eoq. Cirola lour, daley-qusr, Chloeaso.icitoro: at Garratay' pii Thto rwshpof Huangr Bentley, and aover1.99arsf vRy.c aONdCfrtleLaddided into severaicve e nsrcienstofrs includin the wSAEl konbenAUTleyhal andt edrelsetn-paptfrms Brewpery rasureeitanoncn Rthate the onare istrct.ed6 ato oFFr byre ALslyTION n one lot.a the King'so thea neotelwDerby monemfixday coPrisNg andmeAc= R,cnlmgal the enietwnhpo tHnr eutImproleingtsn raing fnce, withabove 1, O1D(1 acrso very rich and ft-ertile b land, guex stgyell enginte. winh a thIg staftenofgeltiaIng, and soeituated abou fromorondctwro airst clasutaio 1honrte Noilrta setainordsick Riwayk.wt Then paboees ane ispwellor tinubarred, situaledcIlda mesh beautfu dithsftrit,an approche on- everyae cstide byhood uroads; and to eteh counrymetee, a &brelptsmarn, colr, capita iso ht,aQuords anopowuit bafkinvestrmentrrly pto betmelwith. Particularsdo palea wilsortyDta besucsidn and meayi behad firwomrthenewspuaper-xces;enth inns in the Deroby landder. Wil ndmolt cas,, aBuxio ibwthn. han Tnt n e Bto hrewnt ers,gPapnt rohsers,t andlothers. lyb s Mnlt ibu any HO r vCTe. haaoges arecivdintuios toviwtbehd t offeis rior SAEbtUCIoo the Pl,o .Bnad.Eq.slctremse9,Neptu1ne, BEwery Besroad-sreet atei,on and W dbaso Ocit.rs 96. Cat1frey-s reeticWel. ncolt. i nsa whoe ofce ofthenal e autindt moder Highntedt PLANth Wand .ACHf.INERY,Tontann all the AleaEltestnihmprowemnts eftLam ea-e, wit alldtesdy8h aftin,bearin, at1atndoonprexiouy, wit oelqor(and,tw ifeetodpup,,1-orsed otiler asoset in briot or,it Alth Veating. Fihig, conn Ecttin ies, call. aliqarte mashe inn fitte writhmahig aomachine, fam72barresldeoak bu-oilngdeck blwithastho lantemos, andIoppeardworm,5 ac1-ereslo cast-ironcod wecltiqur ask wInthservicelypintues,quo,Valbrel ost-lairon ht inquor bcuandy oppDerbg wberm,an4-bsset eastrocir a suastl odmal bdirngh comzsnor entam-wahe baclk andctonnctn oaks starse daming,macineDg and poripe,wnu puomp,te Jbe ladd er,copperys,tandrmalt, se,vansmabll iulron b wth rb, chaien. and can hooks, domeato withee all thvene ga fttig ondth premisd es,and ingte. evettfchedrapeare ntbigraourchse anitwllimediatrely, be soalt inhotse withut ny eev,Ctlge and corhenos arsads othousiw t The had. tws advaystpriorsto teale, tof reGBastard. teaq. soinopcit oril,Rood-lwnt E.Ca;lofaMsrs.oPrestad onveaindtWsbb.odinr 9. Casyrey-tree tidLthlain'sdm taCxo ann a the eniepoperce ot thed actoeer. i estate HIghstreeyt,m waorthWis-B with . a RmieofthN, markt theEale Hote LInraIbs ntow ofreLtanrwte n Wednesdy fr th Oober, a frt-c12 satinoRon preciel, Chesoterand.lfnhtsd -of.iwa,I srouned andintmetd y x claentTatinand upwrodsuo 3ime acre gof fetile and bell-cdnrgirIn it incthehighly peictburesque Vae ofeLanrwitnItthedconty of Dnbgh.wdi esand, the usulrometi ofie anrd ionvbydenienes, nl Afug goBod cllr beredLrdNwbrug) andth beautifullyudltn,adsoe etryth rislaer o't nd cross most porte oc the estate, comprise esteui` e prospecs of the vale ofsarwet and the Snowdon mountains, combiniug ycriets, beauty, fertilty, and grandeur to a degree wbich is seldem equsiled, and ig DerhaPs not to be surpwnnd in any Part or Greet Britain. These advantages conspire to remder this property unusually el4ible tor the country reddence of a famyil of opulence and taste, or for division and the erection of villa residencoe. In case the entire estate should not be disposed of In one lot the residence vwll be offered, with aboit 45 acres of highly-ornamental land, and the remainder of the property in compact and suitablo loti, either for occupation or inTeStment. Full particulars and conditlons of sale may be bad within 21 daya of the auction of hr. H. Beaver Roberts, solicitor, Bangor; of Mesrs. Simpson, Roberts, and Simpson, solicitors, 62, Moorgate.street. London; of ith auctioneer. Wigtair. St, Aoaph; at the folloWing hotels:The Eagles, Llarwrt; the Uxbrldge Arms, Oarnarvon; meotyn Arms, Oouway the St. George'e. .landudno; tbe Royal Ohegter: or the Adelph, Lferpool; or at tt e offdoes of the followring papers:-The Guardian, Manchester; the Mercury, Liverpool; or the Midlans, CoutItes Hlerald. BIrmIngha,m. This Evening, at 6 to the minute,-Exc Dent modern Furniture and Effecis in great variety. trom Islington. hIjfESSRS. JONES and ONHAM will SELL by MiLAUCTION. at theIr great Eoms. Lelocsttr-street and Princesetreet, THiIS EVENINO, at 6. HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS, vi2.-Arabian, four-post, French. tent, iren, and sofa bedsteads, with draperies, bordered goose feather beds, hair and wool mattresse, and bedding, sets of curtains, wardrobes, chests of drawers, ommedes, Sh-Stands, dreSsg tables bookcases, cbeffoulers, seoveal superb drawing-room suItes in walnut, roesvewd, and mahogany, long _eino bcirs, sofae, coucohes anodeasy chairs, excellent carpetus aU rugs, b Ki Oegansdplatedcimey and other gtases, threedfiatoned cotf tagepinoftortes, arge pembroke,card, and extending tramee d1ing tables, togetherwisth the general contets of a good estableshmsktd Catalogues t po beadt at t aae rooms as above. iIESSRS. JONES and BONAM beg to call Ipublitc attentIon to their old-estabishbed and cFapaious A.UOTION ROOMSf a3 being best adapted for the disposal ot everycisesot property Intenided for sale, Tbege roomn fJounded in thc vear 1793, bc,vtotinternlissos, been the channel see the sale of all kinds of mnarketable property. Cormnrscing punctually at 60'eclocs, tlnes evenings per week, Viy., on Wednesdays. for miscellaneous property of every kin ;on Thursdays, houeehold Furmiture exclusively on Frlidays, saclent and modern paluttegs. picture frames, and works of art gosrally, J. and B. beg to assert, that from the conveolereeof dcocmr' prompt setlement of aceouts, and their large connexcoa of pursharers,combinedvwithbmoderate charges, theysoffer facUltes for the disposal of all kinds of pronet not to be found elsebers-~Aca J ba 49*leltrgt Fa gts-rigetF5 e4C gga To-morrow, at 12, in one Io.-Iror absolute BSle.-Lsssrtive small Freehold Yidi~tment, mea Shoreditqh-churcb. P_ DE ENITA wfll ELL,at the Mart, a M oDipwt Asto f 7OR FREHOLDHOUSES, IL good rental of £54 per annum. PinAted particulars of teau oneer, u Cbeareslde. To-nr.orrow. at 12.-Liffnshouse.-Freehola1 Hiu"mu.ad Blackacntnwg shop. ~AR.DE ENHAM wdll SELL, at the mart, a LVI ubtlali-eeecld FRIE1~OLDHOUSE withold asta. lane, Limehousee.Ltt aia eata 2 e n. PrintsA re.rticslars at the suotoereofc.8,Cepia To-morrow at 1,in onelot1-Near Woolwioh Arsenlal. M R. DEBkNH~AM will SELL,, at the Mart, XJL IVF wel.bniit iOUSES(one with shop). Let torespectable tenante at reots amountlog to £83 pe annum.' AI.o an ImprovelI Ground Bent of £10 per annum, Secured on six Louees Iu the re,%r. The whole is held for ak iong term atSalow ground rent. Printod particulars at the auctioneers' offices. 80. Ciheapildeo. ~To-morrow,. at 12, in one lot.-For almost unreaerved 8als.-Hoxtoa_~ A thor-nvhly oaf e Inveltmeot in well let Shop Property. AI.DEI3ENHAM will SELLS at tho Matt, Six .,V. br1ick btUltHOUSES, with Shops, situate In the mildet of ab go ld busineos neighbourhood, wIthin S0 minutes' waklk of the Sack. Tae Premises are In Sect-rate repair, the sum of £80 having recently been expended In permanent imnprovements. lee 10 old stAnding Isaanta. at monte arnounting to £E181 per annum, clear of taxee. eold dirost from t-ho freeholder, for 10 years. at a ground rout of £e2t. 1`rioted Particulars Ot MAr. Deboehami, 80, Oheapside. To-morrW, an 12.-Near Camden Cherob, Peckham.so&d.- .Crrnes Residence, for occupationi. hA IL DEBNHAM ill ELL,at the Mart, a LVI sondl bult odconenisti' araged 10-roomed P.E31- £40.Leac,.10 yars diest romthefreeoldr. round rent, £8. To-mrrowat 2.-I Banrup-y.-alnaieFolicy in the Mto VI[R. DEBENHAM4is instructedI by the Assigneers --I of Mr. W. 0. Young to SELL, at the Mart, a valuable POLICY for the sum of £2.5D0, effected in 1851 with the Metropolitan Oficeo on the life of Mr. YouDg, now in hbs Dial year. Thearna premiutamhsbeen reduced to £7513. Ud. Printed partiouLvarof Mjr. Debenham, 80, Cheapside. To-mrrozw,a18i two LoIrt-City of todn-Po eisold ones with Shone, within one door of arnde-ret MR. DEBENHAM will SELL at the Mrt, TWO LV. REBEEOLD HOUSE-, with hpe hain Plare-glass tronta. Lest for terms of three, years to substanta tntSat rents amounting to £93 per annum, clear of taxes Proed Particulars of the auctioneer, SD, Cheapsldo. Great Gaildford-street, Sontbwsrc, nearly inteln rthe Itne 'V new street.-Eitgibls susailUvstnn ~JESSRS. IUMPILEYS and WALLEN wfll Bi ELL by AUCTION, at the Afart. TEHIS DAY, Oct. 22. at 12 durIngtheL-e9live byFacturenewableofr evr, at 5 Pery annum;to. 22 Groa Guildobs-tr, lot Catl£f, and boldr afecs ;ad o 6 PtVoplrO,earve ithe aiBoe lto atL a beky rAUCT,ONand thedfe 30yaeas, narthe1 Pstchiaoo Ch C hawpi,on, Tued ., sOlcitobr2, it 1, Aslookiathe atoteMrt; and oelmuf Metsre. ilUnpRWITUand Waoo, 6izn OlndBrad, and elk.-Elseto atnt coittrg. 0-doorgtbls cariticl capony Pcurtains, cbbi kichenreCob. Cew, Calf, otnd other3 Effectdes, plmet ~jEsSRS. HEUMIPER n AL Nhv Ailreceived Instructions tromSL yA TO,o the Promises, tb near. (thcov thueh trustll aoont) toed ELT, Otber 2,AUl 'lokh mahtogHanAratinn anod, fourps bedm teady, b~oeddn,adr h sa furntTAre for h c lmbro a egardnt, drawing aroomtsuie inwlutte amnd sild, at thet sofuptent ctaef dininh tables,o about capts, curtanm chinGa,' kitcheon rofithes andlbthry effects; asd eghrde implaemns,wt patdentc haf vUttane machingte, rowai feaig milk welneod cl. posy verheeto ingod condition,s hadofl eob, poutr, Gdfd,and varous efecs atalogusi duors tButton ODeeld;Brad-stree citeoy. d ;stte SO 1outh Ockeodn.P dpory Sw:al-Inrova,l Crottane Pop e,,y, MEcSISRS HUMPHRLEYS and WALLEN have Re.Io cloed thetrust aounti to BELL by AUCTX ON, at th aklb ,hItembr Hart hig,homory onubi Weneday Oscblr 20, at , JnoUn COTTAGpett'fthi Large,ih itdes haigm afents, oft220g feed enithe geardons ind the viollae faceningthe roa Ledn Toe Bhamingrd.toube viewed,f and particlr thadotut offess Fte, roodfor, and Chaolnmey,,bU solicitondrs,t 8,New-oure, o Lncoltntsionn of pucaesrs. Saile fr andoEd fdobe invsolctors, Sutnd Coreocldpaton the pulaceao raleay thrUe Bed Lof Inn,. Southe OKeanden KingstArms. y, and Hugb Msolctrs. Humphnbrey, and Wofen NOmfrd HMbeYss, and Wa5, Ol 6 Olrcdle ity.d stwoet miletfo the Lorgfor on R tatinm erRc ec,Feh Rh;Dy-aesIdnc ande 17tacresfofcLan ESSRS. DP,WandMA and l SALLLN hav MIZvLrcive ntotoet ELbUCTION, atBDY,a 1,o the Mamfs 4,S.rt,in ovembe, thew Nrhirohl, talabe andoImproal PUROTERTYed, kodnows meiadlowOland,gthewhole extendiguetob17 acres. The aming;asIts lon f the uesttloee2, t lheontiguity witheoalwyu udtton.pali tis rener t wel woty oreof the at Minofurchagers,i bopath fors poitrable investent2 and for cuartonWO Pariticlar may shrtl beIhaD of Mesrs Huhs hesd fyr Masterong , andA Huges, solicitors bucertscury; and bo h Of Messs.H mtshr0y a and W urner, 68, OldBroad stbrle,ct, and BOrforhe , Essoeex1. Bsoapewtot Tushisd Dar.itate ofnder Furniture anQ teEfcs R. ELGOOD DEW andL,ATTHErSow,llt 1LL by .LI.AURNIO,TU IS DA,af 1,o the Prlin-oue ompiaesn48 li Psaulstedt rew North-r etoad tahe superiorn FUtURE, Bdbe~ds. bedding chaina loing-glases, &ho.ll Catalo5,gues tols beahadtonlte proslues; aine. ofl thbe auctioneers,12 Bdnomestiate withoutk. alothle fte Bieaat-anaoe GaudE'ecs-Inn roDe-cv vsss rOcpton. MR4 ESSGS.DEWWan SETHWSL ilELnb Thrsay ctbr 9,a t heH SeR Mart FUTWOcptllnU ESHL bdWEroom HOUS:eS~ erachronteainins1 rooms. ns vry,nol cabnets, cbaeinport. 0 od. Reasaent-sqare boneelot at. £78. pler num, the othriont re. hand;eldbord at long tabes,rmaty £45apr annu eacho hyprome Particuars tobes had loof Mesrs. Slooead, Tunr W8l podetr-e aNB y and cnofuthen auctioeneers, 12, BihLegat. ihot HolusbehPeold Funtuean eae.9 Grvea M lbunegegtrest. M RELGOODW wi dt SELL,T mrow at 12, th Uesg rNIUEo h dwelling-house, comprising alldnoaall bed oom rtices, et omahganydini gtabls,sdeboard, ndo19 ball otable ando charg, domesicreqisites.ou an oe.ad lso thealeas of thec tnime;wte-ffct Orinea d eayriolotesl.Priuasadcblge Gofd M hr. onometers. W polte, Pltreei. e c.Kn-tre BIR.ELL,OtOtei Rooml SxaoeL, onI TeDAY, the 2 7dmth.a 11V '5 Ints of thxe HOUSEO VLD UATBLES; inclu'ding thbe sual blaed romatrtes, drsesawng roomehrse, sofas, fic,W ofrore.woo end, wos-alnut, in elvt andamask, large glase Egaslirsh handsOmenv tabes. c abiets, davofenport, go.; gusarwd, bookcs, gridAnder phlan, opetrs and rins, carpests,-a sidebords siet o sabes olbrary chair ant wsith deaia rabl-stnd edestalds, SandI vrariud dfecsmod,k. Ma t viewedo da epi rsadgataistree had; alootMr Eand , 88 Wmpeleftceta.~ oafal Freteh Propert, 2offritngattacive bakuidn stes. R.EDWILN JOFOiSOdrete tol SELL bY AUIC- iITION. at thes MRtoppsit thS Banove of Wedngldand, OnWer8da Oc.3 t12, th in 2 lotTI, vafuabe ext.ensive and motithe-ree 8STAToS sint TRDEo theiruraland, andmioredvlae ohrof Wectnoro-mpilling 15b0 parih ofEdinbton in he cuntyof Mrifeex.andbuttinof aDl mA aghtor.Nol dwelli bLous,dit out-uilIngs gaden a tnbl pddc, ard ottge aoiing,comrisiang bOutanceadahlfoln. offering ansappropritehie Propriethe ection offe ao gentleman's vi o sveram saler ht.a ouses and n B altment nofbmeao land,e uOtheuChase. nearece WRochmrD hill IO nailn t abot 2r. beip gN a c rm ng po16o' Lswe-r act ltag Kemp-.then Bropertycn, bema vi xib pctionse tow Mr. tame MSoIl, of Winhenare-hItlrtofho pardtsicular mayobe obtainethe aolso aefctsthee Mat; Mssrs Scott, Tandourdnamnda reawr, savictborsn1 reintyoompein-leted and as firsdwlns Fox'sm houfie, 41,ardlesastrofoat. Cae'in Vw.Art Oriental Pal Nzed ektmrlae, maetelse, Watchesoo, swol Gwold ChMronomers, Plae, iho Pated Goolds,th hougstemaid' Covent- with SELL,teatoLo their Rooms, s above,rTis DaY uthe 2or int..a pleantd centres,t disheg oos and cover,osiverepoon florks wites tost-rack, derns-orames, cups, do.;Wt 180t Englihe anGbeneva. wee, atAy makrsbflmie tnce, goldm gard, nek,andsoAlbert ghain opera-tr glasse, byr2etsi-nee. mofyAdwern trinketsfcolued gold, set1i with pearls, ru blesur e ralds soappires, handoa damonds,tai,cose view.ro No,u 13,O Alderwhite androld,RexGoce and Geotchy shone inanfactore libjf 2 SM4i.by1 t. OHin.,fite -will SELLta baoly AUok LVI. TlN.ant mrisle roora, asobove, oinl Wednesday Octo n.ber, a3t, 12 te Ito an PORTIONn sokin them.xTenie bAndmost pssperso e,OO I paeirseofebootGmand thatsinprime canfv, ancldin patent ellngtIonan f'inre-Prooflae boots, Bithmorble ohn~ sdo-or.a Thandsuton boo th, naildvankls, Of tWatertihs Ruchaeus oanrd Oovnrana, ahlsofa lare asrlotert, anete wight-a dal, onffaigetable e, and Ohraticesgm Caaois mla be hadlo Ghe. J.p2 Graham,s, &9w a offca thige 0s-o, Clmnstrbeet hameof t oem auctiouneer,y.3 AFdromathe-retreotet rdncsauul leainigtom-tohe p eehold Mtarlineg aso, witha10ebOe O exgtensive, eabchg capi WIlLaundy *D nd ry,uand routbuilding. 4i,ln,dy sLtKIsaragmntsand hatns. beeiuln wihoourd ition ofn-l t estrucot Messfrom thle, PRoretorst offehry tod public OCOI'-, SRION athis. Sale Boomhs,re North-troe. Biho,o ody o vxember th atoe 0 for uresl, al wiotthat noleandfrt uby tfauttlj erety ed,FReTEOL MANSION, eWsiat and belaCing, No.. 15andt16 f lewP-resceht Demp-tv Own,e Brgtn, cueommandin Zerot&nieveso th e andtei Rofmth hlhv-siae gard-smt ens. the Panheole n. The morrow pefet elt ofsubstaunctialland Ornamosenta repirdbain been rcnItlyEi ompleteyat oDnretciasLnohou se,mrin IndiacrdmsD ofks sor. themnsifon isre approw achoedwbra ample prtio,m gnd contared 12 tleeIng tapartmetsal finishTOedMi-tthmgbl mianortels bat 6room and two i dra romswachu wthe hot, weand colder bath huemaid'nt cloese. ctaunuey sud p(er g-lasass-, i~U09ahogarY din1n9 roouu sudllbrary obalm conuches and esay chef r covered lu morooco and hatroeloth, pedestal and ncosed sideboards, bookcases, ss ot dining tables, 8errei and Oriental chiua, rases, French clocks van decorative objects et a high class, o.. Arabian, four-post, and obter bedsteads and hangis, with the appropriate bedding, winged and other waardrobes, drarer, twahstmnde, drng tables, k ahinda, glass, domestIc ro quisites, and nuPo erou effects. .'fay be viewed on Thursdas and morning of sale, >mdeatalegues had. Chty.-Under an nxeoution.-ftega ausnd well-madoe Houshold Furniture, in excellent preseeration, and including a brLiliat-toned 81octaRv Cottage Pianoforto in a choice nalnut case, with m etalicplate, a eCtIN wnt ut-ood Drawing-roomu Suito, large &oimNey and Console Giasses, elgaYnt Inlcid C bine4Ts richly carved oak IbtrarytBookcaseandTable, few Broncs, valnuble Proof Prints China Serices and Edoec of two houses, removed. rom Iyde park. gasrdens and Tottenhsmn. iB. IZOD bsegs to annotsnce he will SE;LL by LV.AUCTION, at the Booms, 69, Queen-street, two doors from Noew Cannon-teet, citr, TRI DAY. Oct.2ls, and To-Teorrow, Oct. 23, at t punctually an assemnblage of elegant FUIINITUBE and EFJ±ZT3 suited to tiss nobility g,entry and families furnihing In tbe preseont etyl, emprlngfor the dining rooms and lirry, sets oF noble -wufdbrnOther chairs, lounges andl indulging chairs, coveredl ln moroxo~, superb telssoope dining tables, rich ea red.ba,-k sideboard Sitted with plate-glas, oak table, and bookecse in the :lizabethau style, "0. swo oestly walnut drawing-room suites, with handsome carved tables to match, window ourtainss with bras poles, cotumodes fitted with plate-glams and marble tos inlaid cabiets and tables, two brillant toned plane by Collard and Collarn nd d Zerttr, and c ur merons drawlng.room eleganmdesm bed chamber appointmens Include ablu bedstead and damask hangings, noblwioned and slain ward robes, chest of drawers Brnsseds carpets, &st,t.; *itohen and out-door Items3, a rolleeiou ot valuable pro pritus, few oil isalstiugs, wrought-Iron safe, bagatele hoard4 bronzs,f nd effcs of twro hossie without reserve. 2May boe viwe the mornings of,alen oa.taogue~ hadh An Ainblage of high-class AnceSnt and Modern Pictures;* the modern storkh guaranteed. 1,R, BARS will SE LL by AUCTION at his LVJ. large Boons, on Thursa, Octer! ansd folloing Ja at 12 an AfSSEMBLAGE of oapialPCrUt8> of the various schools * tn: eluding the Holy llamily, A. ddl aro: a charming pailr of producontiu by Andrews LandscaPe and Cattle, Berghem; andothera by and F. bfudin 0. Dolol Vanden I)sevl Watteau Robbe Weverma^ns VanlrSeo Clanaletto. On viewr. Catalogues as above. N.B. lconey advanedon house. hold furniture, plstuse,wne, c,lnsen4 for mb5l Qnl-bor sales Beverson to a Moiety of AM, amply m1ned. ESSRS. BROOKS *md BEAL will: ButLL L SUOTEOll by UoxTION tr s anag&Ay TeS4 DTgA D-; aJetobeI 22, *t 12, tae ABSOLUTE HEXTSITof aMOIEtY dii o0, securein Noe. mortgage o freeolid pslm ea, Nos Ie Xewlntc Van oH a Sum of t16 15.t Oworo, Dwohe fe t ludeuto wala of lyew at 12, IOenStatloaL Thebov&IeSODEweSbTA E of Ot lydttn hteC =rinc,. and side entranoe. and ptodnue £10 oer wannum; hell for 9X y2ear, at £8 ver annumuL May be viewed y o tenansg Conditions b.d of the auctioneers, 209, Mmiscdilly Chelees and ttermondsey.-Lehod Intente. [3jESuSIi BROOKS and BEBA will BELL by M E1U0T1N. at Garraway'e, THIS DAY, Oct. 22, it 12 thea beneficial INTSEELtT in tbe LEABEHOLD HOUSES anrd SIlbl? 2 and 3, Strowau.plae. K]n&e-road Chele well tensnted, and prom ducing £46 per aumunm. tenants Tying rates, and su'bJet to a mee *e2t of £15 wech bose. Also, at 8ermondsey. the Leasehold Properties, Nos 3 anid 4, Stapleatree, 3, *, 6, and 7, Walker.strect IS Outin- treet, Long lane, produciDg £100 per aunnm from wweellycnt. rsubject to a ground rent. Particulars mar be had of the auctloners, 2019, Piccadilly. __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ urrey.-srihasm.-Frebold Estateof(00 &cre-are 2MAnoo, dlAble Villa-buildln Site., "o IVi ESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL (unless an acoept- LsI able ,.ffrr be proviournymade)wis*hortJySELLbrATJCTIOS et Garraway'r t getheror n lotS, tbece ebr.ted KOOR.-PAE8K Mkfl fosmerly the resUmisce of the celebrated statesman ihr W. Temple, clompriging nobles maunsIon. park, and woods of gat beauty Deem Swift's Cott.ge, Mu-her Lutam-ha Cave, S h3 a Sin,ad Othe Intereeting sallot, seven cottages, lodger, and 610 acreF.1hob amble, rasture, meWow and woodL had The river Wey, fu oflrotb.t and other fish, itteocecting. It I2 about tbree miile from Aiderahots O.mp, and vresent, an ad Smble field for lnvaestmnt either for man. clone in plot, of 9 or 10 acres. or for smaller abodes, thde sa4nd forhnurcs in F.rnlam beIg great, ar.d the rent. paid very high. ThLe besh, guLrantee for succes^ is scarcity in supply and extent of denta,L Clin.te salubrious. scenery unsurpased PartIcula, with p,Lanr wlt shortly be obt-ins6le of Meroro, Clayton. Cookwan, and Walswright, New-square, Lincoln's-Inn, und of Meum. Brooks and Beall ano. tioneere, laud azents. and surveyors, 209, Pilocsadlly of whom adnia. clone to viw may bt bads.t. Cflertaey, Surrey.- rIlghtful Elesldenne, lawn,Gardae,Mzcadowg, 7an Building site.. MESS IRS. BROOKY and BEAL aro favoured wiSt 1 intructionsto 8 byAUCTIONO at Grraway'k, on-da1. --ti , a varuable FREEHdLD ESTATE, comprising Beesoond Cottage, a destamble famsily rosldence, with stabing, home. stead, &c.. lawe, c-nwrvatory, pleasure gronds iDtersecea by the Bourne, formning n islsnd retreat, paddock, cohard . nd FAt. worth ottage. karlen and lawn, and two smaller cottages, In a rlng fence of t24 scre. Will be offered in two lia, and If not moid wil lie, submitted a.% Tills building property, in two to foes acr Iota. The nelghbourhood ts specialty dreibable from Its eay communicatio wit Le edon, aunl is daily rising in publo favour. Detailed advertise=m wIllah,stly-ppear. Particulmeandplea,oawpreparing win be ob. taln%ble at the Swan, Chertey; ofA. S. uEnds, Keq., . ft. Bride's. avenue, Fleet-street; and of the auctioneers, 209. Pirocdlily, W. G milithos'e Rents, Magdalen-street. Bermondre. MR. MULLETT will SELl by AU IoN, at LVAGaremway'r a o Monday. the 26th of ctober, 18017, at 12,l newly ereoted FMtULLLTOLD DWELLING-HOuSB Fih:ate alsbove, called Tbou.asn, Cottage, ard held bY Mr. Dulla. at the yearls rexnt o £e16 lst. ParY n ann from the auctioneer, Cold Harbour-le, CamT., lbsrwell, and Aibiounplaoe. Hyde- r-square; at Garrwas'sz; anhd from John D.,nea. LI., 1, Three is-cour Lombardntreet,. yetc-road Larngtonpc W soth,mt Cvm-erweblidew-e loT. h1:LETTwill SELL by AUJCTION i '5 on M kondeOctob217 t1,stantla newly-erect-ed FRItI'8eOLD ES NCE. nnd as theee Trade Land Socit'sEtt,othanulvleo I Pricer from the Auctliner Cohbour.lae Cnd Hyde-parkMuare. and at eo e1, Three Kig-court, Lo Lbard-street. ASexAsder,road, eGronOrey.e , earoch wMU T l SLL by AUCTION, at ioyo,Ga rarra. on Mend. Otoher 26th,ofoer, at 12, In two lote, newy-ereE;, .i genteel r DWe IDNh-HoUSt. , very rwS eetablr steanled, atd reta armnlg tous 39 Sn yeatr.and being Nos. 17%Ln IS Ina thre a tbove read.Partclar abptt4iy be had ftorom th et auctIoneer Genvc:teacSne,Coldharbour-lane.Cmrei.adAio-lc, Hpdbeprk.srouerer aGarkqrewa'-.adorJohnDohnea DIn!,Fsq., solic itor, 1, Three K;inj.t court. Lombard-streent.V in go ardeio R . MIULLETT wiU SELL by AUCTION, at L Garraway's. on Monday October 2G, atiS, in eightIot.,. a larze piece of FRtEiEHOLD BUILDING LA'ND, with Three CotLtasY thereon. lmving a frontage of about 450 feet. aknd Rabsort distance fron the Tottfeham 8tation. Particulars at Gsarway',s; of the auctioneer, Coldtarboun-nTee. CAmiberello and Aiblon-pl*ce. Hyde parke.quarc Mr. Noble, Greenwich ; se at the office. of Mr. Downes, solrc.toc, 1 Three Ring-court. Lombard-street. Sooth-treet and Grote-edreed Greenwich. FRT. MULLBTT OI SELL b AUCTION, at 2.lG1arrwa)'l. on oaine lot,. FIP3SIh stabl, and two all conHe sIGo -s .adoiin. Lese-. ol aDdviaUminuteds whesalk n Ma eveve mS b x datag nt ret, fri about1 year,t and let t £r1sa lrea at Garrawaes's of Mr. Do r I hli Greentih ; th e auctione,oderand comm reio sadhydepar 10,-squ are; o o n-sqDare wn , Enq. solic r Th r i ngcu rtl T rowner, thrtaee mitoest fro nd1h2LBmwe tmg, I,mhadnr c f et. L cSELecbtae WSbedoh, Suretey,- illarmn DcetceVUaidencc, with gooGrdns MRTHO. MASETT wXsI SELL by AUCTION, at tV e Garrwt', onpMondaey,eOctkobe 26gn,infs TIota DIGYT sutbendt ltiff9VYb CO. Brnelc-recet Cldh Frbtrlae Cebrell.t1 Thuey are 2l half at min ute. al fro aeine ofutaEHuLDe tolrs ofL don, ander the hancl e ofofprha songle ,oenteel, en P comforntabu bandwrateS aud w,1Mr.orttouedo derawingS and diorng rosomaS ilr4 rlh esdences, . withtown.and scountsryadvantgs, sepldomtoe ee with.ee-Io ladrdto thelpuociesed moene mayre M ay be vie houueeb tpeciod s asragemnt. Termsng ccs to ruhbut4eart,fat a esrgrou^ndK rat arawcue, atd parraway's: ofdMr. Dowe Mr, slctheOor.1.The Lo ngh ourt, Lombard-stroeetoand thed mofM.TmaFo.uctionerCldabu.ne, aner,whous end .Badepsrl93-s Babore e-tet ihn IR. THOASN FO wl SELL by AUOTTON, at tsf Vrelthaled-dt, oiter the Skfngof laTIS DAY. Octoe E EL L stLDAte ontheet Is ~~~~~~~andwelse icengad. Mayt be vid,tewdutlhedyo sal, ad prtimilrseade atithe at then Crw,woahy ;a rln.q - d andne l ato the oBrentorfEtat,i h aiho lute tneeL -by pubic A&RS URTO,a i aeBo B,UprOm -erwy.kDubln,on-Tueoday onomer7Tauhehu Nof ebr 15a odo in the afteron noe o,tefnooE StPL STT ulnderato KWlll ;fs nhelathe poet tWn15of, DEsq cey. cnitig onLanso th reter upndonmwie ther Iommdan u e Frlenthoulean fA Dw-buludgsh.use,ahUld.Twned naor se, sto uatee,InfoarwickTofosygad ogum,Tleredwotsy.tDrugmeneng, andbousmnn, sualontainpreingabu 1,h24etatuteloacresof arab(lon and p ostore land,tsgetotherpr ofeuhiche lsi hnd andm the crmoaioneofrBris c, ofun wtbyhyarl yenants articu-ex larsead,condItionso 301 sae, m wIth poun,dary besobained oft.This. bousdon,dWs onf tMesers.MofCthe Teeofwhc and Petherston, oltors 21 Wtbellngorn-qlareyardulin and atmKe aieI the oreac of theauteera above. Twed Sds-E,ldnce-ByMrJAM34PUREd If n a the BIedw LinHoe. JENKINkSpnweidl onLLbyTUCTIday. o the18hdyo __o-_ubem, 1857 ab 2o'clockS in Y the aftrn daIy odrof theTrusatase uorrndersthe Willofther iaeoh Wlonh--,;5 Esq. ~Qle ALThaet,hstrdet oru n c0IeDeomodof ne.Febl M R.toehe it h larg garden, oiut-house. UTIO, antaiohrpoe thertohelonging.1An aditi onlabrsotl o musade tobte grden uatder leae fromThEN .ofpoaio of BeTwck,oYf whic 6 cmrisirst awredunef pird, t a onsyp fom 3. erg annum. tosopel b oouda letter,marked Ont. hi hopuisetnson, the baonksreof lbs Tweed, okwhichale, and Ithe surronding ptable.am glarge yoard, and prmses, spwih ituteinthedrearme of theab, dwelin-husy e,o the opost side oRTeee et TeaIv seeitr. ris ilh fee I n o,adI octA I soldil thenb A C in , tw li,HGTweed inosCoandbreises fon rmingatyeOctbeor fat1 urtherinformn "otiancardsetofvfewb appiofy toade)ss hm ian,adtcd VnILC& stand.n so alciorn . Indp s-uroapdc, Bedford id-ro, rondon.rt Wmr. eddr,onlth s40. 10,ofatherills.otreet,nPfivedmilu.-e nulk Houst-ehoild raitimr and ditirguthed s "Bantdio u Teul s fcats re.enew jVJectemisnesrseoe HSDY the auIdineday& of OcemnetoberUr, atnd moeapenne Frnchd reudt. with bedewdinb,ycestveo drawepersa,wrd robe, wahaads ad ftsting,edawtingromu uil In corsewoodd . Binescarets c imeglasel andLL tche furTInitre aybth p'Mlsc n tM. ekn'dfics ,Bninpton.odeeof Sty iate To Prntem PrItem~Brokes, ad otera-teodfrombl 2 Lowuaer d Thl SI-1,amest -stet horcneienel fsae M R. M. KEYNAL will SLL by AUCTION,ati lb TET tbomfe aEIDY PJlIGOFt.221 compreising beUpwardso Trmpofing surfacer fraEr,ooracps, che mho uproy alAiArblon proedsteapdise 81,mcrown ptow, bttcylianbderIning.tables,elcarpetastixandin trewoglred b;oMairds, rosCataoges withofprited epecanmentbor thber typrnay en, ha ,o r.& at.deyefl. 37. L Mdat e-viewe. " %11g acceptablhe poffer be rdviousir.medanl, aodectacheVILA.erstandinen alawnand leasre grdenIn Snny ide-oad,Wiben,oth summt o th hil. ithi fie mnuts' alk01-e riwyeain H .- and J. A. EADON are favoured with in. Ta strnctions from Tholnas Aldacn Rea-. the eminent wine merchant, woo Is retiring from businem 'to SELL by publicL UAC TION. on the premises, the Vaslits, In ChUrch-street, In Sheffield, in the county of York. where the wine. have lain undisturbed since bottling. on Wednogdms, the 28th day of October, 1857, and foUlwoing daye, until lbe whole is disposed oft commencing at II o'cloch in the, forenoon of each day, the whole of hi. extnsiv and invaluable stock of rare and hboice old WINES, nnle Of which Is of later vintags t aeme 1851,amounting to about 3,600 domes. The bins of Portwine cn 2.692 dozes of the vintages of 1830, 134, Dixon's celbat double and four diamonds, 1845, 1. 8 b1rate5 als, afe vaIetesof very pecMuli and choice old Plort Wines, vintages not ksown. The East India and Malmney edAerias have bees bottled respectively 37 and 12 yea. The Sherry wines are of the finest and choilest desrIption. aJnd Oornlsoe about 600 dorees pae. golden, and brown. The stock ot Ight and sparklng wines, &o, comPrise rare liqueurs, Duo de hfoutebel%io Champsg.oe, Claresi (very ol11. trens, L Fete, Citten l~srgeex, o. ocks comaprise Castle JohannIber~Stmbe~ Cainet, ockheler, &c.: MOszelee. sarkrilin en re Hemitge,Morels an oterwines. AlIo. about I2l dorss o vey od coic sa rae p's ranY, and 40 to 10 doreasa ot ma8hlfient ld bownBrany, Ctalguesmaybe had on applicationt to e uctonerson ecept f ourposagestmp.. The old-eetabUshd vult andpreise onsaleby rivte enat.-St. James- At the Commerc&ia Bale Rooms, MWincng-lane, THIS DAY, Oct. 22, at 12 for 1 preciel, principall without resrve, A BO'UT (37 cases of Cnuxco., 33 cases of ruim. £L-.-9cewes. of brandy 15 asasesof old tom, 19 asse of whisky 4(3 easesof hock, 79 cases dchecryeordls,. 0ss.O f mo adelra, 225 eac of sherry and 12 csmos of port, returned Crimean store.; banraeuptA'effects, tbe sold without reserve ; also 301 drums 8 hhdi6 Husa rtan red and white wine, withouLt reeerre, also about 81 DlpDs 14hh: 17 qr.-cask, and 105 doz. of sort, 12 butts, 8 hblas. and 22 qe.-ealsk ot sherr, 14 huds. 22 cir.-oaska, and 50 ees. of bran~dy, 29 pnn. oc rum 8 ripm. 4 hhdm 27 qr.-caeks. 70 feass and 99 baskets of MagdC Bucoellag, Lacrymuacbriste, Tent, Muscteo paII= r"ds el g rparkllng bock, Maratchbn &O. p Inpal wiCsutae.e,a,,Cat loges nd artculrs f ,TA No~ N is, worn broker, 44 Mack.- lae ILnon, BW.C At Garrway's Coffeehouse, COvuhIl T- O ctr 3~S dlo
