BIRT IJs On the 4th Sept., Bt Bezorab, thev lfe of QaptAn CharlesA. Orr, Mn,irs5n Itgneern of twin n0oon. On the 19th iest., at Upper Clapton, the wife of P. S. Mditchell, E q., of a non. e.llbora. On the 22d innt., at Thonock, Ltncolobire, Mrs lIcknan Bacon, of a Bon. On the 24Uth Inst., at Hllton-park, Wolverhampton, Mr. George Vernon, of a daovthter. On the 24th inst., at 37, Glocenter-squ*.e, Hde-park, the wife of William Comnpton Dosovile, Enq., o: a w~. On the 24th ioint, at the Parsonage, Curdridge, Hants, the wife of Xdwaid Hlughes. Eeq.. of a Bou. Oa the 24th inst., at Langley, near iouthampton, the wife of Drum* Inonid B. Wingrove, Eiq., of a .on, On the 24th iat., at ChildwalJ. near Liverpool, tho wife of Weir A.nderen. l&on.. of a. son. On Sunday, the 25th inst., at Stoke Newington. the wife of Mr. John Bracher, of a daughlter. On the 25th inst., the wife of Edmaund Charles Carre7. E3q., of Doctors'-comomouns of a son. On the 25th task, at Wood-street, Wooh,lwlo the We of James d'Reterre TeYlor., Eno., Royal marnfen lt,leht OnlAutrul. of a son. On te 2th et. atthe ano hose.Lynmouth, the wife of T. 0. Roe, Bsq., of a daughter. S .ott tJ On, Sgdlaoy,phe 25rth dt., Uat Stprlg grove. Honus!ow, the wife of On the 25th lout., at Barley Vicaroge, SCent, the wire of the Rov, F. On thle 26th lant., at Nfo. 4, thua Terraco, Alholon-roA Stoke N'ewing. ton. Mur. Cbarled Slteer, of a son. On th 25t loo., a theVicange,Oskey, Lu,-ox, the wife of the ev. Aifod Snrder, of a dsughter. ens tho w.Otn the thlent.,iall at the Padrnonege. flidhory, neor Sfrsolnghamn the Ontahe 2th loust,, at 27, Great Percs ntreet; Percy-circus, Mrs On the 26th Inst., at 44. blanoebester-street. sfan'he3ter-.quare, the wife of Major tobrtoon, 6th Foyal Degt., ot a SOn. On the 26th finst at Starcroan, Devon, the wife of theo Rev. It Ohatterton Orpeen. SLA- of a son.
DEATHS. At Mhow. on the 13th Sept., 'Captain W. ff. Veaver., of Her Ma~oat's 6thROYI Regt.. eldert suo. WW. El. Wo--er Ecrj., late of toe On the 21st iet., at his brother's retriience. Grove Lodge, ingestononi-Thamos, Mr. Win. Powell. of East l',abam, Kent. On the 2ist inst., tat B oedfod-plse, Ruasse1i-qu*re, Ann, rellct of the ate Richard L{odges, Esq., akged 79. On the 21st met,, at 32. Oviogto. equare, London, Win. Henderson. Esq., late of Port Elizbbeth, Cape of Gaod Hiope, andi formerly of Zdinbuxgh, aged 33. On the 21at lust., at SleDs Vao. Clifton, Gloceterzhlxe, Emma Elizs, the beloved wire ot Charles Harrie, and daiggter of A. L. Dre we. 1Req. , of Slough. On~ the 234 lnst., at Macgate, at the residence of his su-n-io-law, the Rev. 8. Prosaer, Richard John Wiiams. EaeA., late of Her Majeaty'a Customs, aged 71, On the 234 mnst., at Brighton, Francl Ruthven, sotngest son of the Rev. Frcani John Btainforvt, of Mark-lane. On the 234 inst., at ]fuston-equare, EAwsrd Charlee ?'taunsell, Esq1. eevpnth son of the late Dantiel MaunzelL Fsq., Merrlon-square, Dnbl.n' On t'-e 24th lnst., at Clifton WVood, near Bristol, aged 68, Eilzabeth. widow of the late Robert James. Eem., of Dulclch, Surrey. On the 24th inat., at No. 14, Weetbomme-street, Hyde-oark-gardens In the 78th year of haer ace Charlotte, relict of Thomas Seward BeaoiaCroftI, emq. On the 24th inBt. at Bristol, in her 78th year, Anna MAaria, youngest dan ghter of sho iate Matthew Drickdale, Eaq., of Weat Mounkte, Bobueraet. On the 24th itmt., at aehbot. Surrey, George Pretyman, infant aon of the Rev. Rf. P. Wailer. aged three muonthe. On the 24th inst., at Caifton. Oaroline loabella, wIfe of Captain Blair, R.N.. of lilair, Aycebire. On the 24th in-st., after a lingering ilnees, Mr. James Preston, of 321, Mount-nireet, Groavenoresquare, aged e n. On Sakterday. the 24th inat., at the bouse of her friend,Nflim Hal, the Green, Matlock, ftebeoca, tet survMving daugbier of the late Henry Rwiwt, M:q., of Caidweli H1.I2 in the counmty of Derby, aged 86. On the 24th in3t., Borella, only daughter of the late Dr. Alexander Runter, of London, aged 82. On the 25th inst., at Heath Farra, Old Brompton, Mr. William Rubergall, in his 87th year. On the 28th inst., at Edmonton, Atuguta, widow of the late George Losignan. t.sq.. of the Civil Service, Ceylon. On Sunday, the 28th mci,,. at the Grange, Guerniney, after a few days' lhnes, Grae Loulue, eldebt daughter o' Captaln de Lan-ey, aged 22. On tho 26th inst at Brighton. Anna Maria, daughter ot the late John Yaster, of tIlvereton, Ifac. on the 2tth last., ci Croydon, Ann, widow of Lbe late Robert Mugrgeridge, of Reed's iteat, Banutead, Surrey, in her 78th year. On Monday, the 2-th last,, at his residence, Purstone Lodge, rontefract, Thomas Hail, Eeq., J.P., aged £8. On the 26th inst,, at Dulwich, Alfred, the infant son of Mr. L. P. Lingeman. On the 213th inst.. at Green-etreet, Enfleld.blghway, Sarah, the wife of the R1ev. Thomas J oues. chaplain (if the Chapel Royal, Whitehall, aged 83. On the. 26th InBt., at his residence. Alexander-etceet, Westbourne. Park, London, the Rev. Robert Alfred Vaughan, Bl.A., aged 34. on ihe 2Hth lort., at bhtea Dn' hence, 6, F'iltroy*terrace. New-road, Marylebone. alter a beort illnee, Mr. George Grever, aged 66.liHe Ws upwards of 410 Years a conlldeutial and highly valuied clerk to hMeee,s Lambert and lfaallss5s, silveremItbs, Coventry-street, by whom, and all connected With their firm, he wae much respected and deeply regrettted. U7pon the nlot5,lO of the 27th nst,, at his reidence In Wilton. crescent, the Ilion. Ed rnrund Phipps, in the 49th l ear of his age. On the 27th loot., at hlyde Side, Xdmonton, after a few dale' Slnce., BuchaL an, the dearly beloved Lon of Mr. and Mrs. BuchAnana Balfour, aged 4 lease end 10 msouths.
CEA ROE OF LIBEL. CENTRAL CRIMINAL COuIRT, Ocr. 27. At the sitting of the Court this morning Thomas Diamond Evans and Captain Henry Thorne surrendered before tho RECORDEIR (Mr. RusseU Gurney) to tako their trial on an I ;ndictment charging them with a misdemeanour in having published a libel upon the Ron. Frederick Wiliam Cadogan, deputy-chairman of the Submarine Telegraph Company. The trial had been postponed from the last session of the Central Criminal Court, and excited considerable interest. The court was crowded throughout the day, and the bench was occupied by aldermen and persons of commercial eminence. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine, Mr. Bodkin, and Mr. Giffard, instructed by Messrs. lunphries, Son, and Morgan, appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Serjeant Parry and Mr. Griffiths, instructed by Messrs. Lepard and Gammon, for the defendant Evans; and Mr. Robinson and Mr. Lawrence, instructed by Mr. Warrand, for Captain Thorne. The defendants, both of whom are young men, were seated during the trial at the table appropriated to attorneys, near their legal advisers, with whom they were in frequent communication. When the defendants were arraigned Mr. Serjeant PAtRY, on behalf of Evans, put in a plea of " Not Guilty," and a plea of justification under what is generally known as "Lord Campbell's Act." Mr. Serjeant BALLAMITLYE pleaded a re. plication de itnjurid. Mr. ROBINSON, for Thorne, pleaded "Not Gailty." Mr. Serjeant BALLArTINE said,-The inquiry upon whioh we are now caUled upon to enter Is one, undoubtedly, of a somewhat peculiar character. and it involves a circumstance that very seldom arises in a criminal court-viz., that a plea different from the general issue has been put in, uponwhich plea you wiU ultimately have to form your jadgment. I wil endeavour as shortly as possible to explain to you the position in a legal point of view of the two parties who are now called upon to undergo their trial, with a view to your understanding and being able to apply the facts which I shall subsequently prove before you. The charge contained in the indictment against the two prisoners is, first-and to that I would beg to call your early attention-that of having published a libel reflecting upon the character of Mr. Cadogan. To that libel I shall all your attention more in detail presently. I only now mention the fact with the view of calling your attention to the other matters connected with the legal position of the parties. In addition to being charged jointly with publishing this libel, they are also charged with conspiracy myens of publishing a libel to extort money. They are also charged with threatening to publish, or offering to abstain from publishing, the libel with a view also toextort money. These different charges are framed under an Act of Parliament usually known as Lord Campbell's Act. With reference to the first charge in the indictment, one of the defendants, Evans, has availed hinself of the opportunity which that Act gives him, and has put a plea on the record which I may shortly say does not meet the whole of the indlotment, but meets that part of it which alleges simply a libel. Iie asserts that these matters whioh we allege to be libellous are, in point of fact, true; and he goes on further to assert that they were published with a view to the public interest, and not from any private or malignant motives. I believe I have thus shortly put you in possession of the poe{tion in whicb, with relation to that particular count, the defandant Evans has placed himself. To the other charges he, in oommon with his co-defendant, has pleaded " Not Guilty." You will therefore have to say, first of all, whether or not a libel has been published. You will probably have very little doubt upon that subject; and, having come to that conclusion, you will have to sav whether the justiicoation pleaded by one of the defendants fs made out. Then, independently of these ttwo questions, you will further have to determine whether or not this libel was published bondlfide and for the purposes of the public, or for the purpose of extortion. aaviog explained to you the position of the parties £n a legal point of view, I will now state to you the facts of the case, Mr. Cadogan, the prosecutor of the indictment, is, I be. heve, a member of the profession to which I have the honour to belong, slthough not practlsing in that profession. He appears to have been connected from an early period 'with an eletric telegraph company called tho " Submarine Telegraph Company," and during the period when the matters to which I am about to direct your attention were taking place he was the deputy-chairman of that company under a deed of settlement. It was, therefore, his duty to be very constantly in attendance at the offic. It was necessary that a number of now arrangements should be made; it was necessary that connexions should be established with the continent, and that arrangements should consequently be made with the continental Powers, for you are weU aware that, although telegraph oompanies are worked in this country as private enterprises, they are in other States generally under the control of the Government. It follows, therefore, that matters of nicety and dHiiculty have to be arranged, which render it necessary for those intrusted with the management of such establishments to be constantly at their posts. r. Cadogan was very active, and was constantly present at the office for the purposes I have referred to. Evans was from November, 1852, to July, 1854, in the service of the company, and I may here mention that he was not only in their service in an ordinary capacity but in a position which, if any imputation could have been cast upon the company or upon Mr. Cadogan, would undoubtedly have afforded him the fullest opportunity of being acquainted with the circumstance. He occupied a very confidential position indeed; he had, I believe, the arrangement of almost all the subordinate clerks; he was trusted implicitly by his employers; he was consulted upon a great number of subjeots, and was In daily, hourly, I may even say more frequent communication with hir. Cadogan, the gentleman he is now alleged to have libelled. There can therefore be no question that if the Submarine Telegra ph Company committed any impropriety nobody could know the fact better than Evans. It is not eur dutyhere to considerhowfar aservantisjustifledinbetraying Improper conduct on the part of his employers; hut it is evident that If Mr. Cadogan was guilty of impropriety Evans must have had the very fullest opportunity of knowing it, With reference to the other gentleman, all that we know about him Is that he calls himself Captain Thorne, of the Prince's Club, Leicester-square. I don't know, gentlemen, whether you are acquainted with that club, but probably we shall learn from my learned friend, Mr. Rtobinson, in some authentic shape, to wrhat regiment Captai aThorne belongs, and how he obtained the title ho assumes. The inquIries we have made on the subject have been entirely fruitless, and I shall be anxious to learn how he happens to be Captain Thorne. As I have said, hc is a person of whom we know nothing, and I can therefore only introduce him to you as he introduced himself to us, as " Captain Thorne, of the Prince's Club, Leicester-square." Having given you the best account I can of the two defendants, I may proceed to call your attention to the circumstances which have led to the indictment. You are aware that the Period betwveen 1852 and 1854 was one of extreme interest in the annals of thiscoountry,and, although the recollection of the events which then happened has been to some exntent effaced by recent oconrronces which have, perhaps, come mnore nearly home to us, no one can ever forget the deep anxiety excited at that time, or the important commercial questions which necessarily arose dulring the continuance of a protracted and doubtful war. Of course, at such a period the telegraphic companies were very fully employed, and it became necessary that persons engaged in such establishments should be constantly at hand to assist in their working. Evans was in the employ of the company from 1852 to 1854; and MIr. Oadogan, as well as Sir J. Carmichael, the chairman of the company, was constantly at the office. I may AS well mention that, in addition to making arrangements with continental lines, the company endeavoured to facilitate the transmission of news by establishing telegraphic communication with the clubs at the wvest-end, and this was a matter requiring a great deal of attention and care on the part of Mr. Cadoar. Evans left the employment of the company in July, 1 -4 and from that time until August of the present year we heard nothing whatever about him. No suggestion, as far as we are aware, was ever made by him of any impropriety on the part of 3Ir. Cadogan, or any other person. About the month of August last some city articles appeared in The Timnes newspaper-and you are aware how very greedily those articles are read by the whole of the community-in which reference was made to delays on the part of some of the tele,graph companies, and aLluding among others to the Submarine Telegraph Company. No one can doubt that such circumstances were very properly brought to the attention of the public, and that their publication was calcuLated to lead to very useful inquiries. Sfr J. Carmichael, the chairman of the oompiany, replied to this statement by a letter which appeared in Thec Times, I believe, of the 4th of August, About that time Evans, in conjunction with Thorne, published a letter which is charged in the different counts of the indictment as a libel, and to which your attention will be particularly directed. There will beono question whatever on the subject of the publication, To te clrcumistances of the publication it will be better that I should call attention at another part of the ease. The letter I will read, and then you will be able to judge of its chrc " TO THE3 EDITOR OF THE TNIES. London, Aug. 6, 1857. Str,-Having read with great oare Sir Jameas arciraheis letter in your paper of the 4th inst., which I prestume is intended as a oomplete answer to yourarticleappearing under the head of' IMoney-Market and City Intelligence on the lst inst., I come forward uDon pubUi grounds to answer one part of the same, and will direct my attention to the sixth paragraph of Sir James's letter, which states-' Of the cause of the deter of themseauges to the &at India-howe and Lord Clarendon I ma yet know nothing, and concequently unliks I The Times'e will not hazard an opinion, or even a suspicon. But lao know that during the Crimean war the Submarine Telegraph wires were not found at fault in their part ot the Important duty of conveying the mesages of the British Government, and I may alWo ventme to state that fince the estabUshmtent of our first telegraphic communication with 'ranuee no peraon In the service of this oompany hM hitherto been suspected of bettwgin the trut reposed In him by the publc, nor has any message been ellbAr tampered with or delayed In any one ofoour ofloes, thougb, of corse, ewo have been liable toourfair share of deliys from ocideatal c usefor whichvwe expeetedandrcelvedblame.' Now. I'begtosaythat I wa superintendent of the Instrument-room of the Submarine Teale gaph Company, at 30, CornhiZ, from the Sth of November, 1852, until * resigned myappointment In July, 1851; that during the above period one of the director of the si-d compurY-viz. the Ron. Frederick Cadogan (now, I believe, the deputy-cbairmau) was In the habit of viting the istrumentroom and waiting In the Board-room dailyX&Y. from 11 am. tit 3 or 4p.m., and I had special Instructiong fron him to tend up all rmessag of Importance for his perusal, and as a consequence I can instance one particular despatch from Lord Stratford de Reddffe to Lord Carundon, dated Oonstantinople, December 3, Vienna, 13, and reoeived by us viit Brussels, when within half an hour after the mesage had been seen by the Hon. Frederick CAdoga the funds fel hablfper oent.; he suddenly quitted the office, and we ambt diseey received a mege from Ederaheim, LoudoM, to Jacemsn, Paris, touching tiS particular faU. These oDuld, I aume, be no poSsbmty of these prties haring obtsined SnfonaEoua only through us, and I am Dositive no clerk quitted the office during that tlma., The words, "I asuMe," were not introduced by Evans himn sl,addid not appea in he original publication of the li a,nudte wee Iblieve, isenrted by thooe connected with ne2~r imes newrspaper, wbo felt that that was a more discret mode Of Putting forth a very grave charge. The libel proceeds.:- " That the sad Heiu. Frederick Cadoxan freuently looked at the coutente Of the forwrded and received continent2l message's. At tileca the Hoe. Frederick cadosan gave me lnstruictlons to forward neva to his Private residerce, and upon one occasion I recollect the conxtents Of an IndIan t(elegap received from Aastrlau Lloyd's, Trieste, addressed to 'The Timeos,' London, being forwardel to the HO-. rederick ,Cadoganat Brooks's lub. Another time Iremember lorwarding the contents Of a daRpatch to Mr. Seymour Clarke, by Order Of the lies. Frederik Cadogan Again, on the arrival of some lesport"at continental news there Occurred a rice or fall In the fundsfrr the momtent I cannot saY Whichl; the rmlIt waa, that about noon therewas a rashto the office bythe first stockbrokers of theday. The leu Frederick Cadogan being in theo Inetcument-room, sald, 'Well, Evas, are you busy? Imeplied In the affirmoative, whereupon the said Hon. Frederick Cadogan took up a batch of about 25 metssages laing by the ride of the Parts instrument for transmIssIon, taking out from near the bottom a message from Rothschild, Iondon, to Rothschild, arecta which he placed on the top of the pile, rererLeeting mae to give it precedecroe, although all these he desired me to 3nemp over were upon the sazme description of business, and to the same place-viz,, Paris. At the time I told Mr. Cadogau that all messges were sent in the Orcler received at the ounmter, and that it waa doing the public a gret Injustice, yes he desized me t-o do Bo, ana I of source obeyed'hls commands, which can be proved It the Submariue, Oozapany will permit a reference to their file of forwarded messges, as the original mee;agepaper hosa note of mine in ink with regacd to these facts, and I ehaflenge them to produce Jt, "1I have notaltaid a single faotl n this letter but what I am ina position to prove by officer or servnts who now are or have been tn the company's employ, and by reference to my diary of these circum stances I could add more, bat for tbe present willU be content with the foreoins statement, which I thinkr, Sir, you will agre-e with me completely answers the paragraph I have quosed from Sir ,T. Carmichael's letter, and I als thinik will prove to the chairman and disectors of the Submarine Telegraph Oompany and the pabilo that youx do not hazard opinions based upon rumours only. 11I enclose herewith testimonigal I received from the oDmpany on resigning my appointmeint. I reminal, Sir, your obedienit servant, "PF. D. EVANS, "Late Superintenident of the Submarine Telegrah Company's Instrument-rooms, 10, Corobill." If such a charge as is contained in this letter were true It would be a gross dereliction of duty ont the ctof the company, and one juctifying any commnents, otwelver strong, upon. persons connected with a telegraph company who were in any way whatever engaged in such a transaction. It would be monstrous to say that in no case of muescages relating to private matters should precedence be given. 'Cases may occur in which precedence may with very great propriety be given, but great discretion should be used in giving suach precedenoe. It is quit-e clear, however, that an attempt is made to convey the impresson that Mr. Caogact obtained informatiost from messages cenit through the company with the view of operating upon the funds. A more grave accusation against a gentlemen. in a position of trust cannot by possibility be imagined. No one can doubt that these telegrap cornpanies must be carried onL with perfect confidence and reliance on the part of the public and if those who conduct them tamper with the messages for their own private ends they become even less than valueless-they become injurious to the State ; and therefore, when imputations of this kind are cast upon gentlemen holding the Position of Mfr. Caogan they are of a most serious character, and deserve the graves consideration both at his hands and at the hands of the public. I am not prepared to say that precedence may not be given with propriety in the case of persons residing at great distances apart, who may wish to communicate upon most important matters. I am not In a condition to say that such precedence has been given by this company, buat I am in a condition to say that any assertion with relatlon to displacing messages connected with the funds, in order to send messages for Messrs Rothschild, or with relation to allegations that Mr. Cadogan obtainedl information from despatches for puxrposes connected with the funds, is enitirely a falsehood, and that there is not for such a charge the shadow of foundation in truth, except just that amount of foundation which a servant might pick up in an estab. lishment where a master may go out at particular periods, or where letters may by possibility pass between esn h are on termas of grat ntimacy. Beyond thatteeI o the slightest shadow of foundationfosuhcag. I Wil place Mr. Cadogan in the box befor o.H a treated this charge as a libel, when he migthv rae it as a case of extortion, and he has thereb nie h most fril iniquiry. He denies it. He denies tha hhAsevr while connected with the company, used asnl esg o n private purpose of his own, that hevrobandiortion for private purposes of any kn,ta ehsee given precedlence to any Individualabv anote,adh challenges investigation into the whole ofhi conduc. He feels deeply the Imputation cast upon him, and is ready to maeet the closest inquiry on the subject, confident in tho integrity and honour -with which he has conducted the business of the company. Evans has reiterated the chage in he indictmnent, and has putt it upon iqssu now before yout that these chargs are in substance true, lie has deliberately taken upon himself this task. Having obtained tineduring the interval which loss elapsed since the last session of thi Court to procure witnesses, he alleges that his chargee are true, and that issue 7ou will have to try. But he goes further, and, after charging the company with violating public and private confidence, he declares that he felt it his duty to the public to publish the libeL, Upon that question of his duty to the public I shall say very little. On the duty of a servant inx relation to employers whom he has left for three or four years it Is not necessary for me to make any commaent. Undoubtedly Evans's fir, of patriotism seized him somewhat late, for not one word did he whisper against his employers during three year up to the beginning of August last, and I believe I shall be able to prove that, so far from being actuated by zeal for the public interests, he was influenced solely by mercenary moti-ves, and that his objeert was maerely to obtain some arrangement which, in a pecundiary mtof view, 'igbtbebeneflclalto himself. To show how Itt'le truth there is in this allegation I will call your atten. tiontothe circumtanscesunder whichtheletter was published. The letter of Sir James Carmichael appeared in Thec Timces on the 4th of August. Ther was in the city a person named Trigg, who was very well acquainted with Mr. Cadogan and other persons connected with the Submaarine Telegraph Company, Evans, fromathe position he bad occupied, was aware that Trigg was in communication with the Telegraph Coin. pany, and thatt therefore anything said to him which might have any berig upon the company would be very likely to comeoto theirlknowledge. Accordingly,welfindathat Evans, in company with Thorne-who is not pretended to be influenced by public duity-meets Trigg, and Evans says to him, I am going to answer the letter of Sir James Carmichael."1 ~'Are you ?" replied Trfgg ; and after some further conversation they separated. I don't know whether at that time Trigg commnunicated with the company or niot. However, nothing appeared in Tire Times, and it seems that some three or four day3 elatsed before anything was done. It wil be for you to say w lether, after the commnunication was made to Trigg it might naot be thouight desirable to allow a certain thime to elapse in order to give time for that communication to work. Oii the 8th of August Trigg aLgain met Evans and said to himn "1Well, I have not seen that lettor of yours yet." ' No." replied Evans, 'but I have it in may pocket, and you will see it." There is no doubt the effect produced by this statement upon Trigg was that a communication was made to the company, and you will subsequently see what was the reault. On the 5th or 6th of August Evans, I believe in company With Therne, went to Mr. Samapson, a gentleman I dare say known to a1llof you by repute-at all events, you know him in one shape, as the writer of the " City article" in The Times newspaper. I believe Evans did not show Mr. Sampson the letter, but stated that he was in a position to write such aletter, We find that alter he had seen Trigg on the 8th of August he again -wenxt, in company I believe with Thome, to the office of Mr. Sampson, and there produced the letter- which forms the libel. Mr. Sampson saw that the chas-ges were extremely grave. I don't understand that there was at that time any offer to leave the letter with M1r. Sampson. This initerview took place about half-past 2 in the day. They learnt from Mr. SRnipcon how late the office of Th~e I imes was open for the receipt of communications on SatuLrday, and they had plenty of timne to have delivered the letter there if such had been their intention, They left Mr. Sampsonj, and no commaunication was made to The Timesa on the SaLturday, butt a comnmunication was made to Mr. Cadogan which led him to believe that some measures were in progress, though hie did naot well know their nature, When he reached hiis house on the 8t of Ausust he found this Wda was cor. rect, for Captain Thorne lied calUed there, and must have done so very soon after leaving Mr. Sampson. -Mr. Cadogan -was not at home at the time, but Captain Thorne called again later In the evening, and Mt. Cadogan, who suspectd his purpose, requeste that his wife wouldb present at the Interview. Captain Thorne cnlled at 7 o'clock, when Lady Adelaiide Cadogan was present, and heard the whole or the greater part of the converIsation. Captain Thorne sent in his card withi the address of the Prince's Club, and produced the letter sot out in the indictment. He did not seem to know very well at the time how tog about his business, He said, "1 I got this letter from Mr. Eva3s, whom I know. He is very ill" Captain Thorne, it must be remembered, had been with Evans certainly till half-past 2 o'clock that day. " Evans Is down at Gravesend," continued Captain Thorne; "he bas been there four days, I beliAve, Wit h bwel com-aint Hae cannot come up to London, and has, consequently, -in trutedthis letterto metotaketoVie Times." CaptainThorne, however, thought it a great pity that it should be taken to The Times until Mr. Cadogan had seen it. Mr. Cadogan requested a copy of the letter. " I have no objection to make a copy," replied Thorne; " but I must consult a friend first, as Mr. Evans Is out of town." After pausing a minute or two ho said, "I have considerable pecuniary transactions withiMr. Evans. Whatever I desire Evans will do." He dvwelt some half a dozen times upon the heavy pecuniary engagements he had with Evans; and he observed that it was a great pity the letter should be published, and that it contained very serious reflections upon the company. He then went away, professedly to consult his friend, having arranged to return at 9. He came back at 9 or half-past said he had consulted his friend, and wished to be releaseA from his promise to give Mr. Cadogan a copy of the letter. "Oh, no," said Mr. Cadogan, "Iinitpo cop. Ca tain Thorne then gave Mr. Cadogsa a oopy on the letter, and repeated-in the presence, I believe, of Lady Cadoga also-that there were very gave engagements of a pecuniary character between Evans and himself, and, although he did not in terms request money, he oontinued to dwell upon the subject. He produced a letter from Evans, addressed to him at the Prince of Wales Club, as if Evans had realy been in the country, and which enclosed the libellous letter, The question you will have to consider will be whether this calling upon Mr. Cadogan by Thorne was in complicity with Evans, and by arrangement with him; and whether the motive ws to negotiate for the suppression of the letter, because if that were the case the defendants would come within the graver counts of the indictment. Attempts of this kind are of a most serious character; and I am sure you will agrpe with me that because the columns of The imes spread all over the world, and therefore afford the means of giving the widest poglble circulation to any matter which they contain, adventurera daght not to be aUowed to avail themselves of that circumstance to hold out threats with the view of obtaining money or making arrangements beneficial to themselves. If this libel be true-it there is any foundation for it, and Mr. Cadogan has acted dishoneatly, in Heaven's name let him he punished; but do not let us have people wandering about the country, bringing letters to houses, and endeavouring to obtain money bythreatening to pubish them if their demands are not compiled with. I do not think it is possible that any offence mo-e frightful in its consequences, moro dangerous to private comfort and bappiness, couldexistinthecategoryof crime. Mr. Cadogan St once communicated with a gentleman high in position on The Timc5 newpper; he went afterwarAts to Mr Delane. It then turned out that the letter had not been left at The Times office on Saturday. The facts I have stated were comrunicated to the managexa of 2he Times, and, although they no doubt felt that this was a very important matter for inquiry, yet when they learned that Mr. Cadogan intended that the afir should be publicly investigated they felt considerable delicacyr on the subject, and did not publish the letter -which was forwarded to them on tne 10th of Augut. A summons was immediately applied for by Mr. Cadogan; an examination took place before a magistrate; the defendants were committed, and the trial was, on their applicatio°n, postponed from the last to the p resent session. I conceive thait this inquiry is one of the deepest public importance. It is one which every member of the community must regard with interest. I feel as strongly as any one can do the absolute necessity that electric telegraph companes should, like hankers and other great comm milestablmihments, pursue a most strictly honourable course, that they should be fre from reproach, and t At when an aLttempt is made to affix a stigma upon them those by whom they are oonducted should come for. ward and challenge the most full and searching inquiry. Mr. SamuelTrigg, wine merchant, Mark-lane, examined by Mr. BoDBnr.-1 know the Submarine Telegraph Com. p iySn CornhilL and am acquainted with some of the ectors I know Mr. Cadogan, one of the directors, by sight. I remaember seeing in Thie Times newspaper a letter from Sir J. Carmichael. In the early part of August-I think about the 4th-I met the defendant Evans whom I had known before, In a luncheon-room near Lombard-street. He asked me if I had seen the correspondence in The nme8 about the telegraph. I aid I had not. He replied that he was going to answer the letter of Sir J. Carmichael, and that e ad in appointmeat with Mr. Sampson, of The Ttines, on that day. I saw Evans again on the 8th of August, having met him accidentally at the Blackwall Rail. way statlon. I said, " Evans, I have not seen that letter of yours in The Times" He said, " I have got it in my pocket now, and I'll show it to you if you will come with me." He then produced a letter, which I read. He said he was going to take it to Mr. Sampson to seef he (Mr. Sampson) eould recommend any alteration in it before it was published. I had known him two or three years before when he was in the employment of the Submarine Telegraph Company, and he knew my acquaintance with the people concerned in the company. Cross-examinedbyMr. Seriant PARRY-Ido not recolect thatMr. Evans said he meaut to show the letter tohis brother before he gave it to Mr. Sampson, in order that he might be quite corret as to the facts. He introduced the subject to me at a luncheon-room in Pope's Head-alley, but did not Epeak in a very loud tone, so that Any one might hear, but in the tone of ordinary conversation. I had heard that certain complaints had been made in reference to the Submarine Telegraph Company, but I had not read them myself. Mr. Marmaduke Blake Sampson, examined by Mr. GiFFARD.-I have the conduct of the city news connected with The Time. I had an interview with the defendant Evans on Wednesday the 5th of Aust Evans came to me to state, with reference to the letter of Sir J. Carmichael In The Times of tho preceding day, that he could controvert that statement as regarded the purity with which the affairs of the Submarine Telegraph Company were managed. He told me he had been in the service of the company. I asked him if he had been discharged from its service. He said he had not, and produced a testimonial which he stated he had received rom the company on 'eavsng it I told him that I could not enter into his statement then, and that he had better put what he had to say in the form of a letter and send it to me, He said he would do so; and then the interview termi. nated. On Saturday, the 8th, Evans again called on me in company with Mr. Thorne, Evans said he had prepared a letter, and wished me to read It. (The letter was here put in and rea] I suggested one alteration in it. He had said that allthe statements In that letter were within his own knowledge. I said that might be true except as to one circumstance which he could not positivef know of his own knowledge, but regarding which he might say, "I assume" or " believe it." I said that if he liked to put in the words "I assume" that would meet my objection; but that this was a very grave affair; that it would attract great attention; that he must be prepared to mneet It, and that he could not be too cautious. I see the word "assume" in the letter. It was about half-past 2 o'clock when they came to me, and they remained about 20 minutes. Thorne, the other defendant, took hardly any part in the conversation. When I referred to the serious character of the charge Thorne made the remark, that The Times must judge upon that point; and it struck me as having been introduced to throw responsbility on The limes with regard to it. CrossexwminedbyMr.SerjeantPARRY.-Itoldthedetend ants that from the character of the letter I did not like to take the responsibility of dealing with it, and I wished them to go to the office in Printing-house-square and submit it to the manager of the p3per. I may have said, as it was Saturday, that Mr iowbray Morris might leave the offdoe at 4 o'clock. Mr-. Evans said, he wished to show the letter to his brother, in order to be quite sure that the facts were correct. He said hls brother was in a situation in the Admlralty in Somerset-house, and he should like to go there before he went to The Times-office. I think he said that his brother had been in the telegraph-office with him. I was aware that before Wednesday the 5th of August Evans had communicated with Mr. Mowhray Morris I received a telegraphic message from Evans between the 5th and 8th of Auagust. I have no doubt I threwv It away. It referred to the publication of the letter in The Ties, Mr. Serjeant PARRz.-Have you directed that messages should not be sent to you from the continent during Stck. Exchainge hours? Witness.-No. Have yoa known of any such direction?-Never. Mr. Serjeant PARPRY,-Of course I only speak of your own knowledge, and your own offioe. I do not presume to speak of others. Mr. Trigg, re-examined by Mr. BODE='.-The letter now shown to me is, I believe, the same in substance as that which Evans showed me at the Blackwall Eallway station. The Hon. Frederlok William Cadogan, examined by Mr. Serje&nt BtLnANisNE.-I am by profession a barrister, and 'Went tha Norfolk circuit. I was one of the promotors of what is now the Submarine Telegraph Company. From 1852 to 1854 I was at the office of that company constantly for a long period daily. The course of a message sent by the elec tric telegraph is as follows :-the message is brought by the sender to the counter upon the ground floor, where the number of words is computed and the money paid. The message Is then taken up by a lift into the upper roomthe transnitting room, when it is sent to its destinatiou immediately if no other message remains upon the file which has been previously sent up. If there are other despatches it is sent in its turn. The duty of despatching the messages in their turn rests with the superintendent ir-. the first plce, and with the transmitting derk in the second place. The defendant Evans held the position of superintendent of the Submarine Telegraph Company when he was discharged. He was saperintendent of the room in which the Submarine Telegraph messges were received and despatehed, All the clerks were under him. The history of a message coming from abroad is as follows -it is received on and by the instrument in connexion with the foreign continenta lines or towns from which themessagehas come. It is received in manifold at the instrument-roorn, 30. CornhilL The clerk at the instrument, either by himself or by an assistant, reads off the message and writes it in manifold. As soon as the message is complete he hands it to the superintendent, who sits at a table in the centre of the room. This is the roomin which the defendant Evans was superintendent, and in which he had supreme authority. The message Is read by the superintendent; the words are counted by him, and the time is also inserted or checked by him. The message is then handed to a clerk who Site near the door, who puts it into an envelope, seals it and hands it through a trap door to the boy next on the rota for taking out messages. My position was invariably at the Board-room. Unless Iowent into the superintendent's room, I could not by any possibility have access to the message. All Government messages are in cipher. A battle or a list of killed or wounded vould probably not be in cipher, but all matters of Government correspondenqe are in cypher where it is practicable. It was not my habit to interfere with msages, or to have one placed before another. I have no recollection of a despatch from Lord Stratford de Redclffe to Lord Clarendon, dated December 3d, and received vid Brussels, nor of the funds falling half per cent in consequence. I have no recollection whatever of messages being sent to me, by my direction, at my house after leaving the of ce, I will not swear I did not see a message f rom Lord Stratford to Lord Clarendon, but I do not recollect it. I swvear that I did not leave the office to make any use of that letter. I never use that or any other despatch for ,m^ own private purpose. I never heard the name of ndersneim, tondon, or Jaeaueman, Paris, until I saw them in the defendant's letter. I requently looked at the contents of the meseages forwarded from the offlice, but I never used them for private purposes or for any other purposes whatever. have never given instructions that news should be forwarded to my private residence in the senee that has been represented. The only case in which I did so was during e war, when I was deeply interested in knowing the names of kiled and wounded. My wife is a sister of Lord George Paget, who was in the Crimea. Many of these messages dd not comoe to my house until the nameg had already appeared in print. I never had a commercial message sent to me at my house, or a message connected with the funds or commercial matters. Something has boen said about the contents of an Austrian despatoh hAving been sent to Brookee2. In 1853 the company laid down wires to the West-end and to four or five of the clubhouses. At the time they were opened the company had made arrangemente with ML Havas, a newssgent of Paxis, to supply them with a summary ot news, which was to be sent every afternoon, and sent to the different clubs which had taken our wires. On one occadon, by a mistake for which I was responsible, there was sent with the above the contents of an Indian mal which belonged to TheT ima. This mesge was not sent to Brookes's club solely, but to the other cubhouse -which we supplied. Mr. Mowbray Morris, of The Times, complained of the cumstance, and I explained it to him by letter. I never ordered a despatch to e forwarded to Wr. Seymour Clark. I have never seeen him, nor do I know him. Baron Rothschild's firm deal with us largly, constantly, and daily. I do not recollect any part= convulsion of the fundS and rush of stockbrokers to the offlce, but such a thing must have happened fifty or a hundred times during the last six years. IL never went to the offioe and selected a memsage from the body of the file to wthich I desred that precedence should be given. I have never given precedence to a message from Baxon Rothschild over those which came first, with one single exception. Evans never protested against my having done so. Upon the single occasion whens 1igve precedence to a masae from Baron Rothschild Ibha no oon- versatlon with Evaas, as stated ip the latter. There has not been destroyed one message ment by the oompany, but there are no means of fixing the message to which I gave precedence. These meosages are in the hands of the officers of the company, and are now, I believe, in court. Mr. Serijant BALA -Have you acquired information at the office and afterwards used it for your private purposes in any shape whatever? Witnegs.-I have not I heard on the 8th of August, between 2 and half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon, that nvans bad been making sorne sttements respecting the comny. I was living then at my father's hou3e, 138, Picadilfy. I first saw the defendant Thorne at 7 o'clock on the evening of that day. The appointment was made by him with my servant. I desired that my wife should be in the room during the interview, and she was in the room during the wihole of the first conversation and nearly all the. second. Thorne said his name was Captain Thorne, And that he had come from Mr. Evans on the subject of the letter that was to appear in 2ne Times. He told me that he had not seen Mir. Evans for four days; that Evans was lid up at Gravesend with a bowel complaint. He read me a note from Evans to himself, in which this was stated, and he showed me Evans's testimonials in an envelope, written by my own secretary, who is now dead. He also showed me otherjrlvate papers belonig to Evans, stating that Evans bad I t the matter in his ds, and that he was the representative of Evans, who was unable to be in London himstlf, He gave me the libel to read, and I read it aloud and returned it to him. I said T muat have a copy of it. He objected at first, but subsequently said that I should have a copy, but that he must consuat some friends ; and he pledged hinself as a gentleman that I should have a copy that night. He repeatedly drew my attention to the fact that he had heavy pecuniary engagements with Evans, and also with gentlemen "at that end of London." He said he ws mixed up very deeply In money matters with Evans. Be volunteered this statement, and repeated It more than half-a-dozen times. He added that he was in Evans's power; that he thought it very imprudent in Evans to wrte auch a letter; that it must be manifestly to my interest and the interest of the company that such a letter should not appear. He repeated this several times, and the above Is the substance of the conversation. I ratber tnink he said he would have nothing to say to the letter. It extracted from me this observation -" What is the use of bringing me this letter, because non costat that it may not be at !h e2imes at this present minute?" He replied,"No, the matter is left entirely to me, and I am quite cer tain that It wil not be sent to Zse Times ecoept through me," Ho came back at half-past 9 andsaid, " Mr. Cadogan, I wish you to release me from my promie to give you a copy of the letter." I said, ",lr. Thorne, I have no sort of idea of releasing you from your promise, and as I shall certainly take legal proceedings in this matter I advise you to let me have a copy of the letter now, which otherwise I shall extract frora you in a oourt of law." I pressed this, and he sat down in the library of my father's house and copied the letter. The copy was signed by him and by myself, and my wife attached her initials to it. He again brought in his pecuniary transactions with Evans by the neck and heels, as before, without any allusion on my part to the subject. I communicated with the managers of The Times, and on the followring Mionday or Tuesday I applied to the police. court. Cross-examined by. Mr. RoniLSox.-There were none but servants and children In the house, except my wife when Mr. Thorne called at 7 o'clock. I had not returned from the city more than a quarter of an boar whea Captain Thorne called. I had just time to ask my wife to be present. Be told me had come from Evans -no, tbAt is not a correct answer. He said that he and Evans were acting together, that he came on Evans's account, but he did not state that he was sent by Evans, I swear most solemnly he said that he bad xot seen Evans for four days. He asked me to consider the communication as private or confidential, but I purposely made no answer to this. Be said that 3vans might ruin him ; but I do not mudertake to swear that this was the reason why he asked me to consider the communication as private. I made a memorandumu of mz. conversation with Thorne. I cannot say when I made ti. Perhaps it was the same night, or rnext day-certainly within 36 hours, It was within the Sunday. Cross-examinedbyMr.SerjeantPARY.-At the time Evans was at the offoe inCornhillIwas adirectorof theSubmarine Telegraph Company, and of the European Telegraph Company in conjunction with it. I am a director of the Railway Signals Company, which has its office in the same buiding, and of two other embryo associations-one for establishing steam ferries across the Thames, and the other for working a patent taken out by the chairman of the company for transporting materials for the army. Evans had the stiperintendence Oi the instrument-room. I was at times constantly in -that room, but at other times I was not in it for weeks together. At one time I was there constantly, day after day, and several times in the day I had access to the messages. Being constantly there I had an opportunity of seeing the received and sent messages. I had an opportunity of seeing the top mes e of each ile, unless I chose to look further, and thet I h opportunity of seeing everyone, My attention was frequently drawn by Evans to everyone of these messages upon the file, and sometimes I went and examined them all of my own accord, and without being asked by him. I do not think I had more than half-a-dozen telegraph messages sent to my private house, and those only during the war. I havo received messages constaLntly at my prlvate hoase when I have used our telegraph, as any other person might have used it, for my own private affairs abroad. have occasionally had constantly to examine the file of message-both ^hose relating to public news and private matters I was not in the daily habit of doing so. If I examined the messages it was for a certain purpose. The tariff arrangements made by foreign Governments were being perpetually changed. Difficult questions sometimes arose as to the transmissioD of messagges over foreign lines. Two or three months ago foreign Governmeats made a rule limiting the number of words that could bo sent for a given price. It ws a reduction from 25 to 15 words, and we were anxious to know how It would work. For a few dasS the superintendent was iu constant communication with me and the other directors and I must have seen 50 messages for that purpose. I ha no particular duty cast upon me by the directors to look after the affairs of the office, but the chairman of the company did not live in London, and as one of the promoters of the company 1 took a great interest in its affairs, Virtually the internal arrangements of the offlce were left to me and the chairman and were ratified by the board. 's a question of degree, % believe I was the only director tho took an Active part in the Instruaenl-room, but many of the questions came under the notice of the chAirman as well as well as myself. An order was mada by my request that no one should go into the instrument-room exoept the directors No complaints were made in my hearing that I was too constantly in the instrument-room. No such complaints were made by Mr. Brett that I know of. This is the first time I ever heard of any such complaInts. wil not swear that Mr. Brett did not complain thut I was too often in the instrument room, but I have not the slightest recollection of any such circumstance. From 1852 tol1854 I was backwards and forwards in the instrument-room. There were not week after week altera*tons in the tariff of foreign Governments. Mr. Serjeant BALLANMM-Have you never gone into the instrument-room, taken a file of messages, looked at them carefully, and then Immediately gone out without saying A word to any one? Witness-I have done so. FrequeUtly ?-No. Was It your habit ?-Put your question again. Hlave you not frequently gone into the instrument-room, looked at the file of received and forwarded messages, and gone out again without saying a word to the superintendent ? -I think I have not done that, Have you not done that three or four times a-week? Witness.-Without saying a word to the superintendent? Mr. SijOeant BALANLN-R-Yes9 Wltness.-Myinipression is I did not. Remember this was three years ago. Have you not gone to the file of messages, carefUlly read them, and then left the room without speaking to any one ? -I may have done so, carefully reading one aessage or the mesages I was seeking, but not reading them for purposes of private advantage. I suppose that a messge is the peculiar property of the party by whom it is sent and the party by whom it is received 7-It is strictly so. And It is of the essenco of such a communication that it should be kept strictly private ?-We take every guarantee for that. But you appear to have availed yourself of thesemessages? -Yes, precisely as the superintendent did. But what business hod you to do it " precisely As the superintendent didr'-Questions were continually arising upon the manipulation and transraission of mnessages, upon Whch my opinlon was formed on seeing the message, I Was therefore constantly consulting the messages to form an opinion upon what was going on. A great many of these messages are sent to Paris ?-Yes; at some hours of the day we send scarcely anything else.i Stock transactions are carded on, and the telegraph is sometimes exclusively confined to messages on this subject UJsed you to read those messages ?-I can scarcely answver whether I reed them or not, I swvear that I never read them for an object. Were you in the habit of reading those messages 7-Certainly not. Occasionally I may have read such messages among others. Crc;s-examination continuaed.-They were sent to Vienna, Berlin, and all the capitals of Europe. I did once authorize a message of Baron Rothschilds' to have precedence. I do not know what it was Baron Bothschild's agent has applied to me on two occasions since 1851 to allow precedence to be given to his messages. The single message to which precedence was given vwas to the best of my belief, destined for some long distance. it was at a time when our wires were broken down. I have all Baron Rothschild's messages here, but no date is given to the message in question, and Ido not know which it is. The file of Baron Rothschild's messages was here produced and placd in the witness's hands. Mr. Serjeant PABEY.-I want to see the messages of Februna. 3 and 4, 1854. The RECOBDXB.-YOU seem to have established the fact that these messages are the private property of the sender and receiver. Mr. 3erjeant PAlRRY.-I do not see how private nroperty can be oonsidered in an inquiry whioh affects the liberty of an individual. MIr. Serjeant BALANurm- did not suppose that Baron Rothschild would object to the production of the messages. Mr. Serjeant PARRY claimed it as a right, but he desred at present simply to look at the back of the me&.4ges in question. hvn h esgsi The witness baving selected the messages of February 3 and 4 from the file, The RRtcoRDx asked whether either of these was the messag to which the witness gave precedence ? Witness.-I Cnnot say. I have every reason to believe tbey are not. Not one of these messages has any note made by the defendant upon it. [The messages were handed down to Mr. Serjeant Parry, who at f,t only looked at the beck of thetn , but afterwards asked, and ebtatned permisionto he messe and exa- mine it more s trictly.] Cross-examination resumed.-The messages are numbered what neriod of the message I do not know. The principle Jo, "Art corne first served." I have all the memgev hero that went through the office on that day, but I cannot ascertain from the numbers which was the meage that had precedence of the others. I hive no recollection of the dat of the message to which Igave preoedenoe. There were two occasions when an application was made to me for precedence on the part of Baron Rothschild, but only one on which wt wsgranted. I gave orders for the precedenoe of ono of his messages because I conceived It to be a case in which I could do so without injustice to the public or unfairness to other persons. In this case I probably m7self hauded the message to the uperintenden for trasm8saiom I cannot say how many messages I gave it preoedence over-whether there were 20 or 80. Mr. BALrAtTit r-Do you pretend to say that Ws right ? Witness.-It was perfectly justifiable, and perfectlynot wrong. That is not very good English, I admit. Were your brother directors aware of what you were Witnesg,-The bulk of them were not there. Whether the chairman was aware of the circumstance I do not know. He was aware of the second application for priority on the part of Baron Rothschild, which was refused on aocount of its having the price of the funds in it. As it was not a private message we refused to give it priority. We examined it to see whether we should give it priority. The superintendent said, "It cannot go because it has got a quotation of the funds in it." Sir J. Carmichael was with me when we refused the aplication I should say that no director was with mae w I anctioned the pnority in the other case. I know Mr. Woollaston. He was one of the promoters of the "Compegnfe Woollaston," and afterwards the engineer of the company. Mr. PARRY.-Did you ever in his presence take a messge -not Rothschild's-from a he4p of other messges, and give It precedence? WitnesL-What date? Any date ?-I m firmly convinced that I never did. Will you swear you never did?-I will swear my firm behef is that I never did. I have no recollection of it. Did you ever in his presence give prioritS to a meage from Devaux of London to a firm at Pam?a-Most certanly not. Nor from U2lelll and Co. ?-I have not an idea on the sbject. I will most certainly swear that I did not, in thne presence of Mr. Wooflaton, transfer tho messages of these prties to the top of the file for the purpose of priority. The compay may have sent a service message on its owxn business. Mr. PARRnY.-I do not mean that. Witness.-Then I emphatically answer, no, I never did. HIaving looked over the file of messages have you ever proceeded to your stockbroker's office from the office of the coTpany?--Certainly not. weetof seculating upon the Stock Exchane P-For many years I have been in the habit of. spcldg both {n shares and funds. I suppose you ir'ude the years Prom 1852 to 1854 ?-From 18481 have been in the habit of speculating in funds and Do yon know whether the other directors have been in the hzbit of speculating in funds and shares?-I do not know. Have you ever joined any other director in such peculationa ?-I have not. Have you not been in the habit of going from the company's office to your stockbroker's four or five times a-day! -I have not been in the habit of doing so. I may have gonetomy stockbroker's two orthree times a-day, but not four or fve timnes. Have you ever after looking at a file of messages gone direct to your stockbroker's ?-I cannot say whether I have done so. If I have there has been no connexion between the two acts. I do not recollect afall of stock of half per cent, after a message from Consantinople; nor do I recollect whether I bought or sold stock on that day. I cannot recollect whether I had any transactions in the funds on the day when the telegraphic despatch to Lord Clarendon arrived. I keep no books, but I have seen my brokers, and I have asked them; I have no knowledge myself. I do not mean I had no transactions in the funds on that dayon the contrary. I have not been curious enough to inquire whether a fall of half per cent. took place or not on that day. I took it for granted there was. I know nothing of a rumour that the Daily News instructed its correspondents not to send Stock-Exchange information through the Submarine Telegraph Company. Mr. Seraeant BALLANTINx objected. Mr. Serleant PAPURy.-Sir J. Carmichael said there was no suspicion against the company. Mr. Serjeant BALLANTRzE said that they had firet heard of the Dadiy Ncws now. He had no objection to hear any. thng in relation to the complaints of T7c 2Times Cross-examination resumed.-I have never selected Baron Bothschild's mess2ges out of the fle and read them. If I have done so it has been from Baron Rothschild having complained of the detention of his messages, and I may have gone from him and seen the hour at which the messages were forwarded. I am very intimate with Baron Rothschild. I have never sent a message to Gunnersbury-park for him from the office. I believe that on one occasionI wroteto him on Sunday, and sent a boy with the letter from the office to his house in town,with instructionsto take it to Gunnersbury. park if the Baron were not in town. I have attended at the office in alU about six times on Sundays. I have never sent duplicates of the telegraphic messges as they have arrived to any of my frienda. On one or two occasions I have for. warded extracts to my wife of the ligts of kiled and wounded during the war. I swear maost solemnly that I never sent to my friends duplicates of a private character, such as messages from bankers in Paris to houses in London. A. complaint was made on behalf of 27w Times to the then superintendent, Mr. Robinson. I wrote in answer a letter to Mr. Mowbray Morris apologizing for a despatch belonging to The Times having been-made public. Re-examined by Mr. Serjeant BALLATTINM-The mes. sages are now delivered in London in the language of the country from which they ase sent. Thus-a message from Vienna in German is received in German and delivered to the recipient in German In 1852 we translated the messages in London. The number of words being the criterion of payment, a translAtion will alter that number. It was very often impossible to convey a French message of 20 words in an Englih translation of the same number. I used to look at the messages sent and received for endless reasons connected with the working of the office I never made use of one of those massages for private purposes. I do not recollect the contents of the note to Baron Rothschild which I sent on to him at Gunnersbury-park. By the REcoBDER.-It had no connexion whatever with the telegraph-office. I sent it by a boy from the offioe solely because I had no one else. My reason for giving precedence to Baroni Rothschild's message was this. I have no recollection what the mesuge was, and I do not know the year or the date, but my impression is that I was asked to send it when a the wirea were broken down, and when there werelarge arrears of messages-25 very likely-waiting for transmission. I believe that Baron Rothschilc sent a message destined for some distant part, whtch coul not reach the parties if it did not pass out of England at a stated time. My oonviction is that it was a prvate message, requfing a private answer and nota 8k-xchangetra t'on or a busness message, by which others could be prejudiced. James Bowen, examined by Mr. GrFFARD.-I was in Mr. Cadogan's service in August lst, at No. 188 Picadilly. On Saturday, the 8th of August, the defendantThbore called about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He asked for Mr. Cadogan. I told him Mr. Cadogan was not then in. He hesitted and asked at what time he would be in. I told him about 7 o'clock. He came at that time. I showed him into the drawing-room, and he stayed a short time. He went away, and retmrned again about 9 o'clock. Lady Adelaide Cadogan, examined by Mr. BODKIN.-I am wife of MIr. Cadogan. In August last I was staying at his fatheres in Piccadilly. I remember the defendant Thorne calling there on the 8th of August. Mr. Cadogan had spoken to me previously, and I remained in the room during their conversation. Captain Thorne brought a letter from Mr. E-, enclosing one that Mr. Evans had written to Thc Tn2es. He ga,ve it to Mr. Cadogan, who read it out loud by the window in my presence. Captain Thorne said he considered it would be a damaging letter to the company and Mr. Cadogan, and so he thought it was better to bring It to Mr. Cadogan. Mr. Cadogan returned the letter, an asked for a copy of it. Mfr. Torne said he would consult a friend and bring an answer by 10 o'clock at night. He said he had not aen Mr. Evans for fonr days; that he ws ill in bed at Gravesend, and he had sent him this letter. He said he had no particular reason for coming, but he thought ihe letter would be damaginm to the company and to Mr. Cadogan nd that he(Mr. Cadogan) might like to know of it. He said he was the greatest friend of Mr. Evans, and wa mixed up in heavy pecuniary engagements with him. Mr. Cadogan saidhe did not know why Captain Thorne should bring the letter to him,-that Mr. Evans could send saletter by anybody else to The Timea. Thorne replied that he thought it would be for Mr. Cadogan's advantage and that of the company thaut the letter shold not appear. He remained about a quarter of an hour. He came again about 10 o'clock. I went into the room soon afRer. HIe wras then sitting at the table copying the letter which Mr. Cadosan held in hfis ahand. HBe finished the copy, and save it to Kim. 0"fogcn. He repeated frequently im the ourse of conver; satioin that he was under peuniry engagements with Mr. Evans, that he was mixea np in pecuniary enagements with other gentlemen at the west end, and that he Was fn Mr. Evans's power. I put my Iiatials to the cony of the letter. [The witness identified the copy of the petter pro. duced as that taken in her presence.] Crossmexamined by Mr. RoBInso.'.-At the scond interview Mr. Cadogan had only been in the room a few minutes when I went m. There were no inmates in the house except the children and servant. I made a note of the conversation previous to the examination before the magis. trate. [Witness produoed the memorandum.] I never saw Mr. Cadogan make any memorandum on the subject. Mr. Cadogan as nover seen my memorandum. I understood Captain Thorne to say he was in Evans's power. Did he request Mr. Cadogan to consider the communication a confidential one, and not to communicate it to Evans P -He said he wished it to be private. Did he sa wi hd it to be conceaed from Evras .7-I don't thiuk le mentioned Evans, but he said he wished It to be private. 0 ross-examinstion continued.-I understood him to say that he did not wish to take the letter to 27w Tm4v. Th. memorandum of the conversation may have been written a week after it took place. I wrote it of my own acoord, and not at Mr. Cadogan's suggestion. I don't recollect Captain Thorne's saying he ould be ruined if Evans knew he had shown the letter to Mr. Cadogan. Mr. Mowbray Morris, exaininedby Mr. SerjeantBALLS.- TI&E.-I have produced the letter written to The Times by Evass. I think It was left at The TiMe office on Monday, the 10th of August. As a communication was subsequently made that the matter would reocveuablipbty in another form, the letter did not appear In The nSma. Crowexamined by Mr. Senjeant PARRT.-I reeived a meessge from Evans on the previou Tuesday. I think that was the day on which the letter of Sir J. Carmlehasj appeared in 27W Tima. It was a telegraphic mesage, and had reference to answering Sir J. Carmichael's letter. The message, I think, was from Gravesend or RCochester. I haS occasion to make a complaint to the Submarine Telegrpb
TOTIE.-heOFFICES of the INDIAN IN BIrTINY RELIEPFND v'tl b's.eefo,th be ait 27, Can' sn. L:eQI EC, t whch paceIt is reuosee'e r,li romniionlanVons may be LUNDforthe Elsa,F f 'xe UFFI&AzlLto by the ININ JIN.-N C( LECRe aire authorized to 1l.R,IEVE ny UBSiOIPTlfleS wmatveron behalf of this Fund. H. LILt1Dj~y~ ta.ntCoL, ROD. See - Mas1ne!nhouexe, 14th Or 07 FY~tN~ t1I&RELE1&O1JJg FFRRERS by the N hiTLNY..apu~5i00, Iviarparrtie. Seeking Usa-e tane fom he ndin Mtin Fuo euolr h sade e3nerr bY letter, odineze tooneat he H' oa~-Seeetalegto the, IelIef Committee at te Mestonhaea orby pracel s jlleios, between 1.2 andA Tam apliotiur, ~ ac lveetigati.,u, will w subuiltted to the Be- li!Omrg'o,wh ettale ~,, v-k.I 0 01 TREEf7f{~;Nlljur4lGnoral, ~Rn OO FUND for th0 REZLIEF of SUFFERERS by the F 1NDIAN 31 M T I NY. Preidet..neCOMIMITTEE. FrsetTeRight, Hoe, the O1) 10 MAYOR, The M1arquis of Lansc,w,,n Lnyd. Le is, REq. Toe Marquis uf Tweeddaje' ) Lu4ohbk,`bri J.. Bart. Tile Earl Of Riienuouungh Sl.le.'u1is J. C,K The Right flon, the Earl SpencerlI Mhanuel, &U Sq. Who night Harm, the Earl of Mar4reabna. John, IReq. &ataftesoesy Ma-ell, W. J Rex4. Lord Bro-.r;'tvn biuttrell eree Bert, Lcri tivorstozoMagio, kmrett.D's5 RAe1 Nt.., Lord orsefl.y Chetrin- of the Court di Direr. The t2ieup of f~nndon tore of the R.-sl Inidia Ciompany Aurtetuor, Arthur Req. Moievd, Sir Jmmaee Ceoamo, CU.B., Alexander, Mdajer.Geueml j S-rtrlorp ,ot india Companiy ArontoauC- J. A,, -arm. frtlderv-, D., hlit Batber, Claptain .iamIi t acr,.0re, Jl ,.hrmq. Boring, T., E-~,, 4. ',is,eru.0 . Fq fleva-n, Ht. 'J. L, liq 2aknm,l-itlo.H l Benson, MaO.eua,C.B. Mcre' i .o .U Carroll, Aldermaa Sir C. Moe ao Careava, .. 11* Neve, -haltid, sq.,Governor Curdy Jaes ho. lpard.Iir.Deut Corthorne, C Req. l'Oe, Sir Lawrences Oi.rk. Matthew. Esq. I rescott, W. 0. Esq. flout, Wiliror, es,q I-r. Nitr. Al,e-.ras. flu, tee, Soarny &q. . tyan, the Rltmht aun. Sir E, Dai Mtt, miertcmsr B W 2 tthem-bild. liarou, M0.?. Elhnt,tLhe Hun. MLount-. H 'boom. A. W.. Req. twart Ileo,urdor of Lurndon Gregion, Samnie), Rosi., H.P. %-n.. Ir. Aldermlan Goodwyr, Colm,nel Benury !r:ilppor, L'hoi5li,. Req. Gordon, D). 51.. Esq. I i-reru, Capatin John (lordon.if. (3., U. eq, Chram olildc, Al. T., kRsq., 51.?. Orienital Bark Rail,:, Wolu.o.w, Eso. GIFU, 0. C., Req., MBF. i-mnmrcaH F., lfaq. Green, R!ehard. Esq. -lim, .%ilour.kueral (lm.ruey, 8hoseuel, Req. M.P. Ieoris,. it., Req. Hair. Secrtay GilpIn, CLinrlos Renq.,5, Roief LUuoxinttee Borland, Col-ne ieveloan, Str Charlee, R,C.B. I1dodw, P. D)., Ri,-1. Ta.rrmr,mo William Jairies Feq. HLOlburorio, lIon. Justice rlmoeulrrlener4ral O.B. lie-derror, Liout.Uoulonel I i're IV., lieq., atL.. HoOgeoil, K. 1i., heq.,I a Tt', .j,_eueeraiT. t. Hanker, Trruoeerrn, Req., i. I'4e Nl2pjr-Gener-l H T. Hlankey, Teioclse, Req. Timeror, Colonel W. .Hawkins, J7. A.. K'., Rq. iTrurosiUere, Miajor4Geueral, Han, Ire,dell, Coloneil Seretory Iteset Committee Kmnnhrd.d Her.L A.. M.P. Wire, Mo,. Alderman Laurie, dir Peter. Alderman .Wilkit,son, Norman, Ear. Lyrret, CaPt. lheury illower. 0,11. ieso,molonel T. fl-:fcalld, 1ev, J R..Bq. Loiv'~chrere,' Join, Req. . Wi6ran,, Money, Req. LLLsringtou. Roar-n.omirlm Sr'WIIIruhby, -.&E.uu Sepo., 11.0,',WiB . Rev. Daniel Her Majesty the Qiueen.£1,000 0 0CO HR Loyal Illehue.s tte. Prince Consort . 10.. 0 00 HerRoyl lioirnth Duehtem of Kett .100 . o0 0 Hie ~ Dke Roa ioser h eoof :okmdge 1o0000 It: losik~1hneste Ducteez ef CjambrIdgeW. O0 0 her nose~t,-u i'euir,ei Auereva lHereditary GrndDchootfrkhienng, teril,.U 00 00 He Poyl ihnssro 1r,eesMr~by A&ciade . 00 00 HisimprilOajeryth Eruperor of tihe i?retire.. 1,000 00 Th Cond lregry Axbea ofre kranee.. 100 00 The irJr'ral eari o Feuce400 00 fileiei-e,al iajety he erd..n1.0000 0 Toio i meager Iirucher of Arthursmt-rlai . '2090 00 Tire Dam,ager Lady- bres... Iotma00 The MasrquIp of DaltooMOi Te Dueli If weilinegtol ..0000 "a Duke of Noriolk ... 1 0 00 Th Duoe of Devonshire.10a000 Th Duike of Cirevlad itooo0 heMax-ntis of.itdoi o o 00 'the Har4ess of ,'eadlnrs1 0 00 The Marmqmis of Wvestmin,ntee.100 00 Yisc3imL l'atLnerstou-1000 0 Thu Right bon. tooa Earlof isre-..'oe . 10o0 Thu Earl Meutvera.Io 0 0 Thte LanSirenoer.tao0 0 The Earl-ir t;X'ueni of Sicruent . 2000 0 Tire Marquis of Loudenuorry. 1000 0 The Mlarquis of wieibuty.itoa00 The Earl of (ilaseuw.1000 0 Lord VLLloughory leEBresby. 10e0 00 Tire EArl Of Harrov-by.10U000 The Earl or Derby.'200 00 Thu EarlIo! Rlpou.100 00 Luzd Overetonio.1 J0 00 Lord l3r'sueht.ouo0 lo)rd Ao-clang. 1000 0 Lord Clharled Wellesley.2000 0 Lord Cean-artho.00 00 The) Counit Batthyeny.100 0 ViEcoun1t Teinlorwir.050 00 The Right H on. it. Version Smith . ito o0 The iRgho Heni. Sir G. Grey.100 00 Wo igr io.rie0 0 eis, arc. 100 00 The Egot un. H T. abes100 00 The Egt 890.the Spnker.010 0 Lar Sanly f Adeae The liaise of Englanda t-io - . mpa'. p'' 00 6000 00 Oriental Bank.0~200 00 London AsuresoceCompany.000 0 The don, the Corporto fth iyo ono 0 The t oast of Ausesi f h MrhntTIorn' companyW10 00 The Wurarlpfri Cermorry ofMermner . 20 0) 0 Society ofApLKiiecarnec. lI)0 0 ileoveriptionu from the Foreign Lille. 3200 0C,0 Sialanoe of Tirbe Time" Cnrnean Food .3 647 1 3 Amount of Suibscritiolne already advertIsed .. 165,143 0 6j. OuLtI-CTIONH11 Additional from Rerneoblna, Berken, Rev. Beis Oy wen £1 0 0 Cjiriy,RHsv. C. Fa,ekrotimer . .. . .0 1 10 Gilt,', Solrrey, Qelectlvu, £16 7e. RI.; ouliei.ted afterwards, £5 Is. 6d., kiev.Win. t'yae.22 10 2 Ifoatm and Receioer, k ent, Rtev. G. W. D). Evans . 4 10 0 Glaeto,Rn.Hev. E. bulilet;.It 00 Borterton, 'lee. IV. AlIen.3 12 10 Carew, item. J. Il'eleo2s0 Caetlewaertlni,Rev. J.AJieir.6 I4 6 Cobeketon,lir Wte. I. h2 22 St. li.murenee.Rev. 0. NV. Hii,etet ... 0 16 10 Orrrfrtrestu, 12s. ; irybrt,ha r., Rev. (1. N. Smith I1 91 ,de,erbier, £1 Sit; 1lugesr=n is., lie,.,J. De 110 0 Pwicrotchon. Rev. 'O. H. haiti St.ckpo Ee imer. RevF. B i. Le1ich . . 91098 W.ien-lre.. Ce. Lioweimac.. 2 I :::2100 Sti. John's, Lytoiarn, Rev. W. ff. tel! .. . 26 12 3 Duon i:lute'r,Rev. Jri,rh Toddy . .2 1 0 Step.eymA8horn,u,W'lts Rev. Rithd. Crawler. .21 26 Emtrtthtel rotamn,Rerr. - WtehsterII1Ii6 Der,fmrs. pIcnral(Saisl.kWalwerth, 11ev, NW. T. Haudson 13 01 10 Wosiiy,WIt, Rv.H.1. Doike .. . . . 24 1 Derniero, >.v. dwrdAisaten, per Rev. Albert Alaton 2 14 0 Colecio e Tnnugou pr Roe. Albcert Alston .. 14 6 Czllrlenatlioed Ver Ipr 1e. Albert Aler-en . 4 Ii 0 Perih Cinc of lfed, inolnaire, Anthtony Pturling in-epeden Chpel Mrton Rev. S J. tKRobert, per Jar. 6 limber and Co .. 3 ~~~312 0 Bite ldweo, SaffodshIe .. 1 14 6 Ruece Gamabhcoeb t rHr i. H.itman I.. 01566 LerAlngin, Rev. Arthu W.5pe .0 11 0 ;inon Waidriet, I0ev. W.J1 o .a 2 0 Ante. Banst, Rev. CR. Pats. 00 Eblneceir 0CeneregetlonaChp, Cadentown . 010 0 Sunday &5m-u Ca ldran, per ED.T W lters 0 10 0 Ca1eleero, ipawish, per 1Rev. W,1Io . 1 1260 Csorel.rruugrh homex, Rev. Jo1iBoy. 0 0O E'v;olore, Woroeeaterrrsl er. D&. 2W s . 2 14 2 littlrmore. Oxford, Rev. 0. W. Hutm-d. 0 4 0 HI)incel-l, Rtev. Root. Car .. 2 10 5 Ci UdOzen Uif il.1hialuhat. Stockw;ell, Infant Schools.. 0 10 0 South ilckeLdon-, Essex, Rev. Thus. Wilkiuson . 3 2 0 lvd:itua C3bnergatiurai fli-reh, 11ev. Thus 3euhet 0 0 0 Frro field, nesr tmHrgertord. Rev. J. Atwood. .6 0 0 St. Palul',6 JJsptf cr4, Rev. H. IB. Filoch . . 111 I0 Cottered, Bmuntlsefoid. 10tev. W. Ri. Brown . .4 1 0 Heatblrfeld, Rev. .Jes. Yonng ..0 4 8 St. Mary's, Ptitney, alIter 8trorion. by the Rev, aI W. Foes. brothier end the Rev. C. N'. Foo)t .. . 8 2 .. 18 0 I ndependent Chapel, lazking, Iterv . G.eoney . I1 ii 1 Sor-nero-town Chapel, St. kl'enra?. Rev. T. J. Jueiklr 21 0-a Wi.7'ihoesa, jRarwiekb Ereex, Reov. Rich. Roil.. 1 0 2 0 Caedonilan-road Chax'el.after Lesirir by Rev. B. Dairee Iis 152 AdditIona),l, eobwosth Hertloruishire . .1 00 Mirryash, Derbyphrelro li. J. is. Hentlab . .2 0S Lou,rnor. Stieff,dshlie, Rev. G. F. WVIIamwon .. I818 Ie.yn ev, Theodore WViliaam.. 3210 V`ihezwel'., Rev. HL Taylor . . .8 21 Ragged School, lI ttle Ceramnitreet . .0 26 Independent Chape l, averetoek-bllJ, Roe, Joins Nunn 7 10 0 WveetatDcutrO..r larIt"1e. SamI. Manlo..17 13 0 AcLderby, Rev. GOeu U]rohert ..2 8 0 (.'ilnberworthi, 1ev. Gee. lUrquhart . .2 490 Carlton .Molby, Rev. K0 G.omipton . .8 4 8 Allhallowe the Great and the Lees,Uloper Th%rmes-street, Rte-c. GsO. Menefield40 Luduiod, near Ludlow, Rev. Char.Htl.3Ket0 3 Es)yston. Rev.Se JaV.lWitis,e ..9 PI14 IlbrlDgton, Rev. Ft-e. C. Walsh ..4 0 0 Frees the r-meinree of tire congregation of Roebempton Church, On the aoecairn of toe solemn fast, by W. IL. G-sochen, Req.. 7 2 0 Hor'eel%near A blegdirn, Rev. - Smith. . 1 10 10 Suk New Chapl., Rev. D). Theme, . 16 14 2 Burmigton, Wrrwlckrbire, Roe. FrancIs J. Poynter: 35 37 Adc'lllo to collection at lHatcham . .0 10 0 Stratton, rear Rath, Rev. S. Hardy . .2 1600 Sumon-nrtsunn Oxford. Rev, Sow. Polin . . 7 0 sOxa,aturd, Moreton.in.Meaeh Gereoer, Rev.C.C. Hutehlneon 10 10 4 llrewhan. Church, Bedford, £13.Os. 9d 0okley, do., Li 16P. 7ld.- IRev . i. J. GcorlaeJAyles`rsry. 1 6 17 0 Worleghon SuthrnWawlkeire pr obrtMaynard 9 10 9 Burgers ., ~~~ ~~~2 I 0 S.ierl Curh7ea~ieaig.Brke 1ev I. ayted 4 4 3 a. Jiwten I ~~~~~~10 0 Pe toweParsh r Rev J. A PterhtrS feli; Per Roe. J. A. liorhert, Mrs. Herbert £2 ; collected Inamliuns£ 7r. tW.0 7 6 InworT b, E'sex per the Churehwardena . 7 . Pirret k-arIsh 60ure. btiddleeex, lire. T. Bar'row .1 0 0 0 'Weofton.hi11 Church, Hante, near Newby,RvN.P dly010 Ercleafield, near Sheffield, Rev. A Gatty . N dley 14 5 4Lae Endt, HthWycomrbe. Ilev. T. AnhDitl t1 8l Okehamspton. Rv.,'. Ho,Owoud 110 Kettleburgh, Wrodhridge, Suffolk, Rev.-, F. Tune , 82 Sonlhwold, Suffolk, iev. j. R. COnfot Tum,er 8 2 3 Little Eiason, torzex, Rev. T. 01. Chuld .. 7. 2 1803 bItickiebY, near Whtbhy. Ruv, W. earepe'te 1 0 vithaley, Lancaihire, Rev. R. N. WAhbitaker 1 1 Ihowden, Yorkabire, Rev. Tbon s Guy . . 1 1 0 liaventry, Rev. Ciu. B. LIpaeomb.. .. . 21. 10 0 Bunreley, near Wincheeter, Rev. J. Keble 24 i60 Baslow. Chi'terfleld. Rev. NV. R. Cour. add. 2 1 61 dlilst-ad, Sittingbouune. Kent, Rev. B. Hilton 17 Steppingley, AmptbhIl, Rev. T. Brekine'. 15 45 A *rt contribution from Beigrave ChApel, London, Rev Dr. ThorDe, 9, Belgrmve-etreeot. Belgraoe.uoem 22 17 Warkworth Nortbtimberlaud, Rev. T. W. lunn 14 14 S. John'eChapet, leybsid6e. Rie,. M. Lsoiey . . St. 'etersr, Loweetoft, Rev. P. COunniobhsm.9 9 21 Ss. Jobuns, Loweetoft, Rev. W. N. Biaun out . 0 1 1 0 Parith Churcb, Gunton, Suffolk, Rev. F. C. Fowler . 3 i9 6 Parish Church. Cortou, i4,lfoi-k, Rev. F. 03 Fowlor .. I 9 8 Oi sibbenhall Church, Beawly, Woroestorshire, Rev. C. Wainer-.. . ,. ,, ,. . . 18 3 11 Irhaom C'hurch WUliun,ton, North Haute, Bev.J. Brown 6 12 6 S-Uiileet, Goo.e Ymorkshire, Rev. J. lfeaney .. . 1 8 0 TworChurchestoOver WVorton and Netbet Worton, Wood. elm-ok, (ion, Rev. Dr. Wl«on .. .. .. , .,10 85 Barron-erodor Needwrood, l;urton-on-Trent, Staffordshire, Sov.H.G.Cooper.60~5 1 a Penn, Anern-a°^shemBucks, Rev. W-Clbba. *-*-0 10 Csxton, Rocheste^r, Kient, R0ev. Bt W. Shaw . 2. . 14 0 Axr^m_ktr Celleuslon, £41 14_. 20d.: Kltlmngton do. £1_s.e3d0.;:bIembmvy do, £2 1ld, per Rev. F.Tate, Aimfnmalor, Devonshire .......... . .. . .. , 45 14 8 BrinSt_n Church, North Hants, Rev. J. Shampkinon 8 7 9 notzhead Hai.se, ne r Taunton, Someceet, Rev. F. hl. .557 40 W 1tney, dxon, .,, 23O1 64 Slob egten. Farehar, Haute, Rev. W. Fceter . 7 1 4 Greyatoke Chirch, FearIlls. Rev. H0. petsy . 41 15 0 ChrweborurSa, Kiintawn Ket,Rev. H Laserlen .. 25 12 0 llcacharouh Chreh,on,so Rev. W. Staucon . 7 16 0 (Weldg m, Castorson,eRtlndhRey Rev. H. Attay 3 5 3 Gneeham Reathlmandeomr.B, 3N. Daltoni. 4 10 7 Prn et X nsnraso lapel, Reading, Rer.p11 T. St.3"ali UplbiltWoHull, ad.esub Rey . Bele C . r 3" 0 16 U seat Fyburxh Church, near Fakenham, Norfolk, Rav.A. B. Hemeworth .. £5 9 8 Mdonks JKirby cuua W tbbrcok.near Rugby, Rev. h. H. Simpson. 7 10 0 Yelden, Bedfoedshise. Rev. T'. Fermi . 2 7 I B!ahops Norton, Kirton, Lindsay, Lincolnshire., Rev.. Fi. Bo.r. rodaUls 112 10 Deattozn We*tbury, Wilt, Rev. W. Barclay, X~A. . .. 4 S 6 Coim Rogers, NorThleach, eiIocesathaire, Rev. KLB. Forater 2 15 4 Porst4silw Oxon, Rev. 0. P. Wysts . . . . 2 862 AddtioalConriutlnsfrom North.hiUi Churoh, Cornwall, FaretCurs,H ev Betham .. ... 4 7 Chrit Curc, Loggrve,near Rose, lierefordshlre, Rer. 0. W. Jones . ~ riitl, Rv.W.Smits 18 ilkealad Curc, .rlsoi,near Bridgowater. R-ev. KL A. Daniel.~~~~~~~3 10 0 WI Blgtn B.n.r, e..W .arion9 8a Darnhm.PyRe.. Flhr8 04 titilfo, near Lyre gton, Hiants, Rev. T. R. Porvis . 128 0 Catham Nott.. Rev. 3. W. Mtaltby . 34 0 OartonInBolodensese Church and Tssrutall Church, AId. borouieh, hul Yorkshire, Rev. Isaac Dixon.. . .. 54 7 Ituctinge Churh W Asbiord, Kenk. Rev. 0. T. G. Bharlow .. I119 Golieseor-Nsteneren,near Hyde, Manchester, Rev. It.K. ateeon... 2 0 0 Lipton, Stafforlsbtre. Rev. W. Xer SSLA .. ... 717 4 H-toou. Retlerd. Nott., Rev. WV. 6. 7,ee . I10 0 StrudiugisAw, near Brdgg, Lincolnshi-e, ReT. J.Van Hemert.. 4 860 Satedlod, Survey. R.v. Ci Taylor.17 o IDuriton, near Tauuton, Rev. J. G. Goodrich . 1 10 0 f3radley Ctiurcb and Wield Chiurch, MIcheldever Station, Haute Rev. J7. W. Sh..rpe.3. 3 86 St. Dennis Churd',, St Anstril, cornwal, Rev. "W. Chbild . 1 11 0 Berners and Margaret Roeling Churches, Dumnow, Essex, Rev. W. Shepherd ..C.2 3 0 'Prawsfyz,dd Church near Carnavon, Mseriouetbhshre, per Messrs Jarret,s, Jarrett And Sons, blar'ryubiou%eTraws. fyndld Re.IV dwr111 0 O.snpbellt:awn. Asgy1l, Re.W wrs6 3 3 Wickhamn, Lotut, near Stonehaus, 9uffolk, Rev. 0. Garrard 3 13 0 I.lauamon, near siold. F;intshire, Rev. John Jonee .. 1. 1 0 C'heed Niaena, Somerset, Rev.0. Board.1 . .. . 1 0 Prom the Diesente-rs at Chudlelgi', Dt von, Rev. John Allen 6 16 6 Gret Lvitreatht. Sharostous, Rev. ILeatharn .. . ..2 2 0 O(lrkheatm. near Hsudderelield, Bev, J. Beer.. ..1 5 0 Drnatworth, ses.r Altos, Hauts, Rev. H. S. bMatthewi 7 7 7 Bus8by ann Fdrlesthorpe, Aisford, Liaooln. Rei. C. Mason 2 15 0 Wolvertro.Mr. aud Mrs. Battums and Obiloctiou,per Rev. XX. 3 22 1 North Hutch, Irybridge, Rev. H. A. S&vlll. . . 2 15 0 King William's College, I ole of Mdan, Rtev. R. Disxon), D.D.. 5 18 0 Coelletou In Kingeweet0n Church, liomerset, Rev. Gi. H. Faxon .. 746 Caeland Churcb. Borservet, Rev. A. H. i4amllton . 0 3 2 Hortoni Ktiby, near D,,rtford. Kent. Rev. G. Reshleigh 12 1 6 litapletoan, Sbrewsbury. Rev. B. HArdling . 2 8 # RPepertoue. Southwell. Notte, Rev. Ff. S. Champneys 1 12 4 Tongham.. 8arnham, Surrey, Robt, 1'estel. Bzevet-Major 4th it Light ra hu 5 00 nssasmrc, Cullomnton, ~~Devon, Rey. J. F. Alleyhe 5 500 Bickbooug Chtch ner Cilmpton, Devon, Rev. Thoa. Dennis....~~~~1120 Ifeibur, Banmnsnr. orst, an.ud Bav. A.Sprlng Rice 13 5 0 1'alehOnachofBydsl, Drlncin,Durhamu. Rev. John Oakhasn Chrch, Rev. his.' A, teens . 17 50 Pr is Chrc o Befod,Northumberlaud Rev. Ci.Walre'r, £17 s. d, cotoChuch.Belford. RevJ. lRne, £7Os. 73.., United Prrskyterian dItto ev. J. H1unter, elA 4s. 7d. . 2 7 3 Torrlngtn t on' hrh King's L~inn, Norfolk, Rev. J. Brambati4 18 2 Parif.b. Church, Chorley, Lancashire. Re'v. Osnon Master 28 0 3 Chapel of Ease. Worthiny. Sussx, £35 12. Ild., Moiety of Collection at Parish ohurch. Rev. IV. Red and B. P. Broadwater. Wortbinig Susnex, ;e 2 6.. . 41 i8 11 Tow,s Bwrngnham. Norfolk, Rev. J. B.. Andlercwn 4 7 t Ifetheravon, Amnebhury, Wlts. Rev. F~. J. Blar-dy . 12 0 10 Meiinerle2 Penrith, Cusmberiand, Rey. It. C. Pattenconl, Rector .. ... 3 1105 St. Maurice's Thtcbrc, Wlnchester,'jtev.'bCanon Cam~s, the Close, Winchester.38 76 P'resbyterian Chapel, Atuawick per T. Dun;can, Esq Stamp. Oofie, Ainwick62 Weetoote Barton, WCootlsok xos, Be'. K, L: ,6e 8426 Additional, Neihbury, Dorset .. . ;,p 446 Moiety of Collection froer Milton Abbott, Deon per Rev. LIt. Vincent L liamnmnick.233 0 Earl's Barton. Northampton. Rev. D. T. Kn'ght . 2 0 0 Di1borue Cburcb, Cheadle, Staffordshire, 43 IO. 101 Fore, broo Chrch do. £ O& Kd-Der Rev. Thor. Godard, Dilliorse Vicarace.... 8 11 6 Duddow Chael of Ease Targpelley, Cheshire, Rev. C. Walker 2 10 0 Crabfeld. aleswrth, uffolk, Rev. 7.L F'. Dodgeon . 2 6 0 Old.hurt and Wodhssrt St. lvee',Hns e.J ue 0 1566 Ken aris, sonseset Rev Jon Asley1 12 3 Itediel, Wesdrlde. ufflk.Rev J.Day5 19 6 Lochgco, Bvery, ev. . D Isancard0 14 0 S ou t h , i ma c l e, ma d b r A o n tCh r c h e , N er t a r N e w ao hrk , R e v . Bromley, sq Re.C. K 8 17 6 Pit,tne, Ting, ev. 6'R. I6cbl~od.:'2 10 0 Awse. near Newhavsn, Ihev. J. H. Malr&- . 4 6 8 Indrepedent Chakol, Rycroft, Ashton-under-L;ne, the Ashton andG!om,p Bank.. 1 0 Grnat Nollright Chuzah. Chipping Norton, Rev. H. Rondl;i 1s 14d 9 llernoldatown, Giamorgau. Ite. J. Davies .. . 4 18 6 Trmr.ttv Clhurch. Farhe"a. Efanats, Rey. Fredkc, Smith . 26 1It8 Ploj,lord, Ipawich. Rev. W. W. Dickinson I . 4 10 3 Vt vaysbury, Bxisks. Rev. Seymour Neville. l£.A. . 2 5 0 W7ost Quantoxhead, Bridgewater, Bonseset. Rev. C. Alforn 4 3 Pltet &srish, fHotboach Lncolnahbire. Rev. ,ss, ieramo . 17 50 LzAwton, Cheshire. Rev. Vernont Tioping . : .. is8 0 Pinhail, litakhret, KCent, Rev. Fredkh. Howlett . . 5 39 t.,okecouxrsy. Bridgewtraer, Esv. It. Ebrington .. . 10 19 6 Bi1cker, near Spalding. Rev. if. S. Fletcher . 6 12 6 Uiseboro, Bant R'stford. Rev. It. Barrow..17 s 0 Tattercet, with Taitterford Rouglham, Norfolk, Rev. H. EL Mforton .b. i. ....or C .. .. .. .t00 P-acshial ChplofCe0rs,Cnloe,Cheie Rv ) J. Paters&o.8 10 0 Allieson, CO,rnwall. Rev. R. It Trip . 2 5 0 lisstton and Little Mousiebaso, Kent, Rev. I.P.Hre 6 4 7 Itrasneboti. Llpciook. Mante, Itev. L. Bellas . 14 17 6 Didnmiont ,with O;dbury.on-the-blli Churches, Chippeubara, Glors,stersbiro, Pev. J. E. Everest . . . . 8 10 Chorston. near Nowewcotle-uneler-Lyne, Staffordshire, Rey. Win. Henidrickson. . . 1 Riackhmur, Lancahire (St:, paul;s Cimrch)% Rev. KW 716 Mary0bssschs..2 13 0 Haceley, Tet8wo,th, Oxen. Rev. Win. B3rkett . 9 0 0 Mlorton WV. Haconby Churches near Bourre, Lincolnablos, Rey. Theis. Holdsworitb.18 5 0 Ush, Monmouthehirs', ev.WI. Evans . 6 0 4 Marchlngton, near Uttoxtetr. Rev. F. Williainson . 8 0 10 Couirt Beary, Drnsel1n. Carmuarthen, Rev. Ui. W. Gcean I lfb0 Rev. Gi. WV. lreen, sonntlon .5 . "5 60 .4nhwich. nlear Bath, Somerset, Rev. J. Devies is 8 00 lsIrkwhelpington Chburch ilNewcastle undler-Lynel and Cap- beaten, Rev. J. W1alker.13 0 0 Mecaingf 'burcn, Kelvedon. Rtev. S. Hen~dereon .. 100 00 Baptist Chap-i, N0s Kent-road, Rev.I. W iatson, 12, BouverecLtreet, F'leet-street. 200 00 Po,slnesa Church. neveL Rev. S. N. Dalton . 5 156a hs~omsuil, Brlow,Ennex. 2d collection, J. W. Percy Wat. EatabishedChuxh.Tarbert on L,och Fyn, Argyllahlro, Rev. 0 CJollins . Campbell .. 2 24 0 00 Sit. Nilcholas Church, Gilefrd e.T (odwln 1Hatob.ard 3 Tabernacle Church. DtnBtable. Bedford htey. M. K. D)odge 1 7 0 Portlonk, Mir.ebea3. Soimerset. Rev. A, 31.3. Trewuman . 416 2 Fit. Pant's Cisurco. Ahisolt. near Leeds. Rev. F..md. E. Mills 6 4 9 Llantrigant Church. Ciamoorganabire. Rev. E. Morgan 6 4 6 Meime CYhutci neas Cardigan, Rev. ) Diasies .. 0 5 Dihjrhurch, ffYthe Kent Rev W L. 3. Lo'ey ., . 4 10 86 Lsanley, near Sloamem Buoc~r Rev. IVW ) Ocoonee . 4 10 0 Long Neswton, Darilneton. Rey. S. C. W kco. . . 30 Wuolt3n Ulceb'. Lincolnahire. Rev. WV. Ciiffsxd ,, . S Lledrod, near Aberyitwith, John Felix, Eaq..'j y3 Little Brerdield Church, near Breintzee, lin)er, Rev. Rt. I,, B3awpded . . 2 15I1 Whitstone, Stratton, COMnWaII, Rev. W:. klngdon , . 1 1860 Kirby Underwood Church, near Bourne, Lincoin,Rev. F. B_ Rumhy .. . .. . . . . 1160 Athelbampton-curn-Buxlestoue Chu~rch, Dorchurter, &,.I:JH MILes.. " 6 Rosbury, Ledhury, Ile,refordsbire, 1ev. . h:Staope.. .. 1 1510 Icomb. Stow-on-the-Wold, Gleseeterehirs), Rn3V. S. AL Itigglus. 3 9 Okewood. G.H.LF. 294 66 Meplelon Churcb, lih$irat'h.hall. Rev. C. Forge . 45~8 Gioxhill ChurLb, Map'etoD, Y'orkr.hlce. Rev. C. Forge 2687 Newtowni Church, lioborton, Bishop's Waltham, Re. WV. Allen 3. . Iodependent Chapel, Teigoriroutb, iRev. C illemence 700 Brisg COnrch, Lm'cofin;hbre. Rev.J3. R. West, £4; Wrawley Cuusrch, do., d1 5a co '.. .5. .. 55D West Deseham, Norfolk, Rev. B J. Hos-man. . 5.. 16 0 Ativiok-near.lHlll Cnurch, Eccles Lofts, (ireenlan, Berwick. abiro, Rev, (5. Hogevth . . .. 2 38 Cherington, near SkiPtOn-Ou.StoUir, Yomrkshire, Rev. P. Turner . 6.' t513 0 Fisrm.tead, Markyate, es Rev. Jobu Cardien S. 10 0 AWvley Church, Biet'er. eOx"ot, Rev. J7. Lowe . .5 0 0 East Be: gholt Chzpel, liaffolk, Rev. R. Roberts .. tI 00 LLt'nednew. near Barsor Rev H Hi Jones.12 3 1 Collection in the Fsisoxn i~hp1 heptnMle, oest Rev. E. H. Co~Iss . to %et-meat icroaby t!pilsby, Lincoln, Rev. H. li-ck~obury . 0 1 00 CharIcon Adam, Sonrerton, Someneotehire, Rev. j. Blarney 1 12 5 WInIkileld, Will.s, Rev. C. Heads. 4 10 0 ilenuorchy Chapel. Exmouth, Rev. R. Cha~psonj 2 5 6 Chariron. near KlnRsbr.dge, Devon, Rtev. S. Twsy-dde 4 600 Wust Lydfaved. Someort'n, Son-erset, Rtev. G. H. Newman, 1212 7 W;atford. Daventry, Re'Zv. WV . P.Sanders.6 8. . a0 Llarranfraed 0hurch Raclan Monmouth, JOB. 7dj. Llaos. vibaugel do., 10s. Sn.-RGe,v 6. Sparks.1 . . 0 10 Bradley-le-Moors 8tas£ordshlxe, Rev. E. W,hielen . 2 5 0 Croxden, do. 110 IoeeynerShrewslbury, Rev. P. Wood . I 74 Lasnpford Brett,tensin Somerset. Rev. J. K. Greetham 6 4 0 Ad'ditional fromn P'ynton, near Stockport,Rev. ii. Barm 0 10 0 Pariah Church. Ore.t Mlurrave, nerBoz. otl lend. Rev. J. Chapeihow ' ~oard,hv 9ruh eto Stokre Loery, Bramy.rd, Herefr, e.V IV. Co&tse.. : 2 14 0 Runmburgb. Suffolk, Rev. KR. l?ss-lrrant . 1-- - 16 0 Sr. M'chnOL'O, Eit. Eusohaur, Sulifrk Rtev. R. N. Durrant . 1 0 6 Adilitioual from Ceresieg, rnear Witham, Essex, Rev. J. PageVood . 0 0 Wu.legbaso, e;Darhagton, Rev. c. Dsbre ., 31 50 Whorlhen.in.Olevessnd, North Ahlerton. Royv. F,Erl lii Bassingbourne, near Royston Rev. J Harrsn 2 1 0 Scastho GrIM15by, ReT. Ri P. WVjijiams . 1 3 0( Doddington, Alnswlck, lRev. W. Proctr . 0 -18 90 11ri"eton, near Bostoni, Lincoln, hter. j. jackpona , is9 Buitterwick, near Boston, Lirmolu Rev. j. Jackson .1 3 5 Parochial Chapel of Ashworth,~ near Itoehdalo, Ito,. D., RAthbbRe . 20 Bllotkbusght and Wbohencatosrt'psirz-ea, Hnosewoc'h,2sll Rev. T. Greenland.2 7 iufdl Draycot, Chenille, Siaffrdahlre Rev. C. IV.- Stocer . 177i BoxolloumLeihteton. near 'WotiaujrEg,Gos torsbise, Rev. J. I. Clutterhuck. de2dg,1lea Sherfield'upou.Lodden.u near Ba'knsgtoke, HantIs, Rev. J. Blarnsi, MA.750- Cheriug, Kent, Rev. J. V. H-amilton. 2 7 00 Gillehanm near Wancford, Ssffolk, Rev. El. Godrei.. 4 0 0 Grest Halltebury. lliehop'e Storiford, Rev. C. S. BouWrh 33811 Oahhw, utlad, ev. V. . Wod . 1 6 7 A.Nuun .. 4 0~~~~400 Hadnal Chael. e4r, ev. . Jams . 2 1 10 BeOlin,tOt; near Bath, Rev J. L. Enb . 6 OoSgtrnarroahABretutu ReBE, , vyy- a 13 7 0 WStRounton. North ilrt Rev. M. a 0 o Coni atlonv Chapl Bruwcl e.W.Drt'g . 8 2 Law tton,, anncet 4 8 2 WVoodfordl. Rev. C. Swish, I3Sd. Little Addlg 12 t aon Rev. A. Boode. Padke6eoC n, ThEeaso,nearLrett ufiBBv o; HBunckhor nesExete;R, RoeT.. J WooElcL.mlre. .. 4S1 0 BTemple oweb, smea rPlhb. Rev. Ri. HamiOni, 10 10 Hashing, near I'smtel. Sus-ex, le. J. Pps,uh £10 2l 0 a~~~~~~~~~~~~s ESb*- 130 23 Ren sI, Wste.ouer.Mare, Per Rev. WV. Ht. Turnier .,17 8 8 Down Amney. Cclc koot5, per Rev. G P. Phllimore . 3 3 0 Norton. J near stocksonl.oss.es. per Rev. B. Mor. .. 19 13 3 Loos Meloso,Sudhry, uffolk. per R,ov. J. B. Robseson, 2 9 6 Lilly Church, LutenBeds.,per Rev. W. H. T. Boggise . 1 17 10 St. Manry' Church, Pei.bRoe, Rev.OD 3. C;lchisy .. 10 0 3 Portman, 9tpoPipin. . . 10 8 Pake6eld an ikli,na oetf~fo e.John .sof 2 0 ii chr,Weaoole, Do'r'et, 'Rev. J". H. 'L. Cameroni.1 12 6 0 Barton Seagrve. Ketterinig, Northamptonahlre, Rtev. C. Stopiosl .3. 2 9 Halesowen, WOross~ter;ie, Riev. B~. A. kinmpso~n, 1&Coletion at -Pariah Church and for fSubscript'on List..,on 54 12 4 Thorpe Is Sokess Church, £10; Kirby Ie Soke Church, £7 lIe. ; Welton ie hoken Church, £8 M3. 6d,;e-nRev. W-. Burese, Tborp, Colceseter. 2 8 8 G, Badwalel,HrtfordShire, Rev. W. Roberts . 1 17 9 acigPmb7jterian Church, Che,lsea, ROY.Thomas Alex- ander, MiA.131 Parinh Of St. Geor;ge th'e Martyr, Middlelsex, Re,. -V. Short 131 17 131 Gialeigmore's, Mice schooL. Knutefora .0 . 0 0 Chri,,t CAurch, Lancaser, forwarded by Rev. T. F. Lee .. 14 0 0 Noethamn, near BidefOrd, JDevojn, by OtliciatIng msinister, Rer. J. R. Gossett Mal .1 16 8 Onrey CraPel, Loio.Rev..Newmaan RoI42 L 8 (otriton PArish, Rant,, per Rev. H. Hubbad .6 1 14 6 Nbenezervbapel, Addlesmu. S Rrev,le. B Rhion .. 3 17 0 Winstone, Glooesterasdre . . . 17 0 Collection from theinmates ofthoRaueforecthe Destltute, DaltOm, Rv. V. tone, XA., Chaplain.0 18 0 Lung ition Surey, Rv. Jeyis . Oliord . 2 0 0 St. John~s, Bs4lnal.green. add,.5 6 4 Parih ofHIghCuca, Esex, ev. , 3.Earl, FAd. I 1 0 .~~~~~~~~~~2 Ejaleinere, Scrrey, Rev. K, Pamon.' IMvbooku, kivTepe ailol 1n 4 All Sota, Wykeham 1 Lcenbeael Rom Landale Rod, Rev. Chas. looper SIth Manethe Martir. adid:'. ' ' . : 012 21.11 Ch~~~~_urc. near Sutton CoIddeld, Rev. S. . Saxtin . 0201 Couitluttioos from Swaff bar and NelghbourhooR. Buonhar Thorpe. Rev. B.I. Eva ad .. L 10a5 Cockley. Co.y 0e7.iioo. Amps.. . 16 0 0 Narburouch. Rev. WV. At-en '11 13 6 Oxbosrongh, Rev. A. Thurtell. 7 3 6 South Pickeolsans. R.,. G. Mruntagu . 216 4 Swaffham,, Rev. S. vecrard 27 10 2 Tbsrrxton, do.1I10 4 Mise Hai,nod ,Sassf h~am . 10 10 0 -89 19 4 ESnaith, neat ConIc. Rev. R. J. Sericxnteon. . 17 0 0 Colleosea at the Pariah Chturch, Wycombo_o.0 Do,Ebenezer Chapel, do. LB14 Do.Trin;ty Cbalael.1 136 Do., Weat Wycotooe Chapel .016 Do., Isew Laud Chapel, Wycombe . 213 0 Do,, Pre4twood. Church, Rev. T. LoTttae .. 21 0 -- 341 i9 Collection at Mickleton. near Campden. . 8 27 1 Collection at Westweil, Keel, Rtev. J. Rt(3a .7 17 0 Colleation at Codleote, Weliwin, lties. Re.T H. Sharpe 5 0 0 St. Mary Maw'Ialelo. Peckeaso, Rev. J. G3. Storde, additional 1 0 0 Noritlul,et Coapel, Kent, R1ev. N. S. Butoher . .. . 3 3 0 Wroucenton 0 murth, near wincmdou. £4- 2a. 6d.; Privato coileo. tion in pari8h, £2'2 I-.4±L,R1ev.EHLight .29. 26 4 10 Offertory at Elope Pariah nCoach, Derbyshtre, Rev. C. J. Daniel, ht.A. .. . 00 aCilestlon at LIeo Kent, Rev. G. L-ock, rectr, John Sutton, Fa.q., Trelianrer (on lacounti .. 250 0 0 North Kent Amsosis.tlon. Rev. Jogeph Fenn. MlosRagan 50 Fr'end,bydo.2 2 20 Rev. COnas fd'tbeon .. 3 0 0 Intended for Collection at St.John's, Rev. R. 0. Loris 2 12 0 H4r. and Mira. Torimisa 'Rev. H. Battiscombe . . 1 10 0 T'attsr.hall Chnrch, Cheshire, Rev. P. Uuoldt .11 9 9 Collection at Kid mote End, Hlenlcy.on.Thamnes, Rev. J. HL Compton ... 11 . I0 North Odkeodon, 10ev.Cern. Fieldin;g .: .5. . 11 4 St. Katherine Coeanuan WTv. W. R. Dickinson .. . 4 3 7 Wiggephail St. Germaln's. Lyn n. Notfolk. Rev. R. Edwards 3 8 0 Sydtnhami. Orfordahire. 10ev. W. D. LAttlejohn .. . 3 30 Second oollection St. Joh.'s. Wapplog, Rev. J. W. Noweli 2 0 Holton Wheatley, Oron, Rev. H. A. Tyndale .. .. 120 0 St. Judft's, Old RethnaF-green-roed, Blev. J. E. Kesin 7 13 11 Hich-street Synagogue. S",ndrvied. revr J. Lazarus,FQ 1 19 0 Brit:oh Standard Independeint Chapel, Cuckdeld, Niuzaex 12 2 i BaptiAt Chapel, COcekleld .2 .. .. 1 16 Stapiehsost, Kent, pe ThoMias Crick : . ..23 4 2 HCindemclay Chursh, Botesitala. Suffolk, Rtev.J. a_ Golding 11493 Independent Chapel, Beamiceter, Dorset. PhiI lpHueErq. 0 16 4 Sawliesiacry Curch. near Preton. ancashire, Rev. R. Law 2s 16 6 OatMII.Hapetad Rv.C.D. Bell. add.1. 0I 00 EaetHados, oro..mponhler. W. LDocock, Lee-pArk, CoDeegtius hurch; Totteridge, Hrtfordi, Rev'. W. L-. 0 KittsfordChr, near Weiinl;gl, Somaerse, Rev. W.!F. ' Preedy .. 0 96 Chaigrore, £2 Cc. Gd.; Rerdick SaGloe, lie. 7d,' 3 2 1 MalEemore, near Gloceeter, R0ev. 0. tearmner . . 5 17GS Knowle, near Bridgewater, Rev. 0. Look . . 1i 4 Kiogodon, Taunton, Rev. C. A. Moody ..1. Hathtrrdon saud Smaunil. Andover, Roe7. C. D: 'kobbel 1 15' 2' Sheviack, Ccnasw.1l, Rev, H. C. Grauville . 4 1 0 Oldoastle, near Ahergareany, Monreoutholreix, Rev. Theo- philus Morcan.0 16 0 Quarley. Andover. Hints, Rev. C. Mackif . 2 0 0 usuby Oldford, Loolnetlahre, Rev H. P. Maion8 5 50 Bebburn Church, Ll Os, 94, Widdrlr.gtron, do, 12s. Id., Rat. S. Maughan. btorpeth, kforthumiaarland .. . 2 12 10 Gunhoure Brigg, Ret. J. Carry . ... .1I 8 Towmianpe. near Herefued. Ret W. Munsey . . 5 17 9 PtrbankOhaplry, Ke.dal. Rev. NV. Clarke . . 110 6 Chumleigh, North Devon, Rev. W., T. DATeY . . 5i190 Rattle, S. o.. tier Rev. Arthur Simupkon . . 1 0 0 Cleoobury, Mortinuer, Rev. F. IL Cope . 5 19 2 Belcar e Churchi Salloglws, Iralland. Rev. R. W. Maxwell I.15 0 Lamarah Church, Rares, Coicheater, Racer, Rev. C. B. Kitn-nLidie,Rev. Pd. Peacock . .1180 Ahhey Dove. Krerefordshire. Rev. Jonh Jamees . 5 0 0 Belchaiap St. Paul's, Ealterad, Deex. Rev. S. C. Heoley. 3 15 3 May-street Presbyteian Church, Beltaet, by Rev. Dr. Cooke. perLout-Col. W. McPhersn..So20 00 English Congregation at Pan, per the Right Rev. theRBirbop of D.n37 78 Phirtoa Swindon.NWilt~: Rev,. 'J. WPrower . 8 3 1 Wanbomough., ditto, Ret. S.j E.ttv. 4 12 0 Combhe Raleigh. Blonlton, Ret . B. R and . 20 7 6 Lymington. Rv. RenJ. aatuin.26 3 2 Lping Ohllhurat, Susser, RvC.Kianert . 3 855 Abby OhaeI Romsney: 3.. R.B. lrd Mayor. . .300 BenwelL. ?Iewc%atle-on.Tyoe, Rev. WV. Maughant 12 1 7 1'ickworth, near Grautham T. Sktpwcrth. . 4 6 3 Niorthlelgh, Honiton, Rev. h. Danel . . 1II16 Wem Ciiureh. Ret v. W Boulton .. 20 1it0 'Wilney Churee, Wseahe.a E. Uitile, Esq.. 5 14 Additlonal, Wiarkworth, Nerthumbezland, Rev, Thoe. Dann 2 8 6 Miundeeley Church, Norfolk, Rev. A. J. Johnson . .. 8 3 0 Wbichiord, Long Compton, SblP.on-on.Stour, Rev. B. 13. Pinniger lj * , ,. * 9 17 0 Baptist Chape', Psd,nlh,nasarir, 'Re . Brown 1 I10 0 Thorta Acre. Hud Rlehley Chnurches, Loughborough, Rev. JB.Olte'y .. ;" '' '' 4 12 6 Beoley. Ridditch, R1ev.FC. Yarsantin . .. 4 0 0 Segston, North Allerton, Rtet H. J. fulonombe 1Ii22 Dearham. Maryport, Cumberland, Rev.!J. Cuirrie . 1 18 0 Leandftat hurchi WaWic VDonR ecoy et2mSl Rev. W CorfSeid as p Rctr,We7n6Slp Per Rev Win. Arnolfd, midiom'er Nor'ton. S'iomnerazet.37 Mr. Wmn.J.Sionith.5 0 0 Min. Otway Mayne, Great Stanmore .. . . .5 0 0 Slr. C. Thaitcher end Family ..3 3 0 Mr. T. Marils Smith.b1 Win. L. Parsons, Fsq.2 2 10 o Charles Holisycy, Bait.2 0 0 Robert H. Roodle. R..q.2 0 0 walter Leech, Esq.2 0o Farcham Flower. q. 2 00 .tr. Jamnex Steeds.1 I10 Rev. 0. Otisay Mare.. . .. . .. . ..1 10 wiwam Hollwey, Beq... I~~10 0 Sumstnader;£1.12 30 Moiety of CoLiection lalter SermaonsIn th Church . 3 0 0 Sonthauipto's subsoriptions fltl Instament), pr Chariee F, Deaco0n, Faq.,Hon. SecretarY 500o 0o Subsriton fo Aberdeena, per JonhAngers, Faq., and Aleratider FrseHoni. Seoret.rica, 3d Instal.imet . . 80000 Sobscrlptioas from Coeater, let Instalment, per the Major of Cheater.4 0 00 Further Suhacrlptiona from HoD. . . . .. a o0 o FPirst Instament from Stiring, RoetSawers, M. oa Bank of Scotland.S353 19 0 Blorough of Boston, J. sers. Req., Mayor . 5 30 00 Firct Inestalment from Kamareebocough, per Kuareshoroogh old Bank.2030 0 City and Neighbourhooda of Durham~. for"3. H ose,a. Northumberland Mod Derhem District Ranking Company, Durham... . 250 0 Mesera. S0mea, Brothers, Cnual Dock-yard, BlackwaUl 1. 60 0 St. Rathrr'oe'o Dock Company . .150)00 Messrs. Reevee and Son, 113, Cheapslde. London,. . 50 0 C. F. Hanoock, lIsq. 339, Brutoo.vtreet, W. . 10 10 0 Cootti1bution of a Pariahioner, at WYrahness, near Manning. tree BesexB P,P Fenn .0 50 John Saicabl, Req.. ;lbcIy. orkahire . 0 0 10 John Jay, Seq.. 12 to 16. wharTcs, City-road.basin.. . 10 10 0 The Lord Ba-rhbley, 'ALF. ..5 0 0 Meacrs. Cakes, Bovasi, and Co.. Surdhmy Benllq L B ry S. Edmaoods. P'. H. j. Pratt ... . 0016 0 Subacriptions from the clerks, sorters,and le'tt'er ca'rriers o'f the Ciroulatton, Department of the General Post-ofScre, per Mesrar. Angel and Potts..712 J. 0. Ratter. eq., per Rev. J. Phel .1 7 2 Lient. and Mrs. A. 0. Bax, and m.i6cBuhanan., per Jar... 50 Barber andOo. 5 5 0 Second remlttaooe frc,n the Towrn and Ubnlv?iroty o'f Ca'm- bridge, tier Patrick Besdee. Ha1j., Mayor . .400 0 0 Shantwn. Lioen i .3 0 0 WeiltAlrVtn. Linco)i!hsre- ha .21 I6 Great Leighe,lIntv. C. Jenkins20 Lambomne Pariah .. 23072 Rev. Dr. itecserPreachesof Gray'e-ion 'and' H4nas500 Has Hichcck,£1 s.;Mr.and Mmr. L. Webib,£ XlIes. Cd., Rev H.Mithel, . S..Inspector of lichools, Education Ralp Ratc RN, an 0.B. asrn, Esq.. lion. Glya,Cpan iap&tg CoonnrdeVf 7'ilord DivisionMO0 olConetOnerd..220 it,Me, Mulford Division of Co~ast Guard:. 1 PembrokeADock-Haokett, Lieut., and crewof 11 soon 1 80 Tenhy-Hon. Ldiist. Bosyle, and crew of five maen 15 0 Osodlek-Lient. Franklin, and crew of 11 men 2 3 New,Quay-Mr. Boon,and crewor?7menx. .1 919 St Dogmamel'c Station-The officers ad crew, 1 day's pay 25 5 Rowyer, Rev. W.A..,and MrsBowyer, Clapba,m 10 130o Lady Ejirabeth Wells, Olapham .. 290 00 House-to hovve oDllection iat Knureford, Chebihre, Rev. R. Ler..yand File. SI~.os2Reiejt.atce'et ..s s : : 5 a Brinton, MKca .... 1000 Rartley, Robert.0 5 08 Wycombe Rank.5 04 03 ER,st India United Service Club, Benhury Tay!or, Req. 1I10 Mdesere. Lewis and Lewis.3330 Case, Frederick. 0 0 Cees, dra.. . . . .3 00 Moone w,Re.W o.0 1 0 Singer, C. D.,Farm 22 0 Meesra. Swift and Marretti.550 Crawford, Major .. 500 ProDrletor of the Mforning Hearld Newspaper 2... 00 00 A Roman Catholle lady, Air-la.Chapefle, Capt. Thoa. Carter 12 15 0 Hare. Dr.3 3 0 Sim, Sils.ii 0a0 Sim, Captain George.2200 Turner. Rev. Sydney ::.3; h~l50 000 John Hlggins-on,Resq RfrmCub. 0 Saint, Prentire, 'Rsq.31.8, Whltechspel-road . . Abbey House Sohsoois, the Boya,London3,Gcorgejqi~,Ewi.0 Head Meeter.. . 0 14 8 Mttessas. Eaton, Careley. and Con., Rutland RBank 28 12 1 Officere Police, and othaers belonging to Hier Majeatyls Dockyard, Pembroke Dock, W. Etammay, Esq., Captain Superintendent . ... ..33 15 1 Anonymous, per mr. Lao, pee mIr, Alderocan Cpeinud I 3 4 0 MirsE.aDeare . .. 2 00 PUpils of Mrs.-LWinchestr's Schood Gree wich. . .0 14 0 JohunM. Mrrle, . Fa .s 0 0 P. F. Philppi, Faq..,e flield.hlls1, Rochdale, Rev. Canon Roinee 10 0 6. Teaterd, Fq, Warord, Hrta ..5 0 0 road 5~~~~~000 Che.Lo, aq,4lGrcvao.pa~,Hpe-a ~ s5 ri Senate of the Free Hanueatic CIty of Hambu,gb, per Dr. A. Rucker, Mlinister-Reeldent from the Hanteatic Ciilee 500 0 0 SubacriDltous from Jersey, per Henry toes Manuel, Esq., Hon. Secretery .. .. 250 0 0 SubecriDt\oce itom the ZegliSh Vistors at Montresi and Vevey, en FSuisce, £33616a.-leo chaiges, Se. ld., per Rev. Si~~or ottierngnk.ot..gi2581 CgerEunrico Mayer, Fica. pot F. Thota peont E,c. . . 1 0 0 0 Fnclih Chrcdenta at Dar iptadt, per Mevos. Job. Anda. Zeopprita lat Darto3tdeh .ul perBev. L. .. .. .. 5 10 0 Amnount of Subs c:itaton raisedS at AlgIers by .Mesero, Robert and Co., hankers, Per John Roll, Feq., - .eo ConsulG3enera, Algeria, 60 f. Per Bank of Engind, Collection, Booking Pasish, 3d instalment.,.15. I 0 0 Pariah Church of Nath, nealr Ripen, Per 11ev. J. Ward . . 11 18 11 CathoLic Church, HulL. per ltev. 1, Tr<3pres. . ..3 14 0 st. John's Church, Wakefield. per -lIenvoocS .. 15 16 2 Kisn.D, per National Provincial BRnk, Wimborne .. 19 0 0 I rinloy Cburch, Aebby de lI Zouch, per Rev. John IBenson 15 18 4 St. Helen's Church, Aebby de la Zouch, Rev. h. Vavasour 14 2 6 Smisbyb Church, do .. 1 310 Great B3rrington, per County Of dWoceser Bank, B3rford. 23 10 0 Tqynton, do. .. .. 4 17 6 A ortion of the ubescrilpton raised in Wiodko, Eton, asod their neighbourhood, of which at least one-half to be employed in the reliet of the wives and families of the Queen'seoldiera ervingInIndla... 5 0 0 W.E.W. .1. . . . . . . . . 0 0 Edward Morgan, Eq. . . 0 Stephen Margan. E.q . 5 5 0 Rev. John Evans . . . Collection at Dunmow Cbhurch . 15 11 4 Mensham Parash, Ret. J. Hewitson . .2 12 - St. Clement's and 8. Mary's Pariah Church, Sandwich 6 9 8 St. Peter's Pariah Cburch, Bantvich . . 4 2 4 Subecriptions, per Oldny and CO. . 6 9 10 Do., Cocken-hiti, Darttord . . .. 16 11 Do., Rev. M. Daves, per Stafford Old Bank . .. 12 1 4 IOroughtoncumm-lilklna, Der Glocester Bank 1 5 3 Collection at Badminton and Topworth.. 8 18 0 Feer and Churchwardens of Tetbury . . 23 14 9 Cbhltchburech Stafford, per Revt . harrison . 20 3 0 Collection at Socghton, Rev. C. S. Royds ,. .. 213 o Bayee Ohurcb, Middlesex ., .. 1513 7 Bev. B. Krwsan,,gr1Measrs. Sparrow and Ce,, Braw;iree 8 6 i Congregationlal eL Braintree 18 4 6 Natestock Church, Rev. W. Stubbs .. 1 . 2 s 0 Whitwick and South Thringstooe, Rev. F Merewetber . 3 8 6 Wartshorne Partib, Rev. EL W. Buckley. 10 10 7 Paish Church, Merfield .13 6 BUIShnarton Chael, Bremhll .1 6 0 fStudlq7 Cabpcl, BremhiD .......... .,, . .. I 11 0 Rey h. Drus BrembWIS 10 1 2 Rev. B, Alne, of CatUehournh, Stafford ., .,, ; 6 1 10 At Moretoz. per National PrOvlncfsl Bank * 6 0 0 John Fa,r, REq. 5 Buisserptione, lt~y of ~6loo"ter 2 5 136 Gr11eMnyl maeHo uo'ea. ouse, Thaxted, Bey. Court GrenvWe . . ~~~~~7411 4 Blahop's Hatfield, HJrta, "Per Cha-Town'ee1d',' EA", £12 l3a. 60. ; ChtPlOOwarderi, _£25 *37 13 6 Heury Tull E&4 1 0 Thus. Twen.low, Fcq *1 00 2 0 0 Ohstv)ury Chmrcb Dotset I.. 0 0 0 St. Mary'a, S&ff,rd 231 1611 Sabscripolon. tar Jamesj M&cjat,,re, Chjief Bailiff, gaeuvem30 Llttleton, lion & R 00 Miss Raydon. Sufllifod 30 400 Subscriptions. IRev.J. Thompseoa, LelghfordI . .31 60 COlle-iion, Pelhaoo Churchk, Rsv,. John Giboon . .7 3 0 Sulb8=r1)tlon! at Toetford 4 7 BRe. J. D). flleumnljWestr ~OhBn finl~ 01 Jamesa W. Fraser E'q. .0 1 1 PerPhllanthroji SooietyIe Ferso dcho;~1, Re.1h0 *i1C, ury Chpel Collection419 Ttoe Chapla inuad YMrsGileao.4125 H. Rogers, Esq, Se7. .2 T M&aser and Workmren.4131 The BOYS O)Ltrtbnted froMl their earlnIu,a . 4 42 Per Mleaoa. R. COnlffe. Son, andCo Th10 English Congregation utLyus per Milporn .. a0 0 Rev. B. ~ris Per Megaro. Rob,xta and Co. We.stchesri k.Wat.be. 300 Collectlon froe he Parsh of Stspleford, Herbw 30 0 Rev. B. Mair50 Rev. iEL Beonett Spa;r;rd Re;ctory. . .0 00 0 Batheac ton Parish ..20 0 Runnineton . .. 017. 6. Becjamin Cott~n, Es5.. . 10 0 Wiunianon Bangi Thorn St. Hdarp'Is Parish . .179 Unte Cnisytln f lcesecWeiigt~270 rar Eh ot Litlie Canfield, add. sub .. 0 00 Third aubecrlptlonesbyJ.J. Harceaart . . 1I10 Inhahtantsof DioheB .124 8 Alexaner N. cott . .,.010 00 nt.r~'CInrc.Htaede,Hate,Re. 3. P Dvis ..10 10a6 Bristol. . . . .2~~~0 0 0 . .Bray, of Roetblga.10 0 0 Per leasm. Carxies and Co. Messrs. Heney Hall aind (,o... 5 00 (Sr,smazn Church, Hooosr quae, iteapel 100 0 Reav. A. Scrivener. addl-.iinat Collection. . 1 16 0 hteond Collection at Wateringbnry Church, alter a sermon bY the ReT. J. W. Bromley . . 14 4 0 CollectiOn at Setttegton Chnucb, per Veni Archdeacron Long 4 10 0 Baptist nasPel, Maitno, per 11ev. - Saskespear II0 13 6 Bortou-ls Stro, taLd 0oneystborpe, per Rev. 0. Hodgson 3 0 0 Xortou Ohurcb, per Rev. FL. Day.0 00 Coletenr oto undar S.chool . 1I06 ,dns rUno ako Loudon-Charing.croes Branch. Llueant.tieoer4i D&rling, Colonel 00th Regiwent, pe I)o. nesndS..,n30 0 Rev.It obets,colecton at All Saiuts, Aldewinkle, North. 31ev G. . O.bddg~'irriteof Bloxwcrta . 7 0 4 itec~0. P Cambidgepsacll, of Jonsoa . 2 26 Rev. B. Drns. Peteb.,rougla20 11 0 Rev 3 A.L.Capbel.Belete3 0 0 Rev B. CambrlIn,Wodaia4 6 0 Coletona Mr,, Cuch ev . Framopton ..7 00 Colcinat Lodego Cuc W. Wainwrigbt, Eo0 00 Rev. 0. Fox. of EatSok 1 100 Collecll,n inadrlChe, Sal3p. 5 , Por Rev. Mr. ogle . 5 34 1t Inkb5urna Farioh a..2 1410 Collection Wuolerton Inidependent' Chapel[, Salop.. . 2 3 0 Coliection in Parish Chuir,h Of Goodrich, Herefordshire, Panm teAr Rv. a. R. E. to,garr Vicar . 10 13 6 Collectiou at Fontmeli Maena 1urob'ev. K. akl 4 1 7 Do., at lbberto). Rlev. J. Mart.n.24 41 Moiety of collecton at Wocoased, J. Martyn . 0 12 2 Per Wilte and Dorset BOaning Company. The mayor.yI --. .. .. 05 00 Peter Awda. E,q.2 2 20 W. 11. Osborne. Fsq., SD22 20 Mr. J. R. moks.1 1 0 ?npil.s at Mes. tlh ck'e echocni. I 00 Mr. Joepb La e .. 00 16 Tb. Rev. B.Ross.0 5 0 Ocoliection at Great Slomaeford ChLrch . 4 900 St,nton St. Qlneon do. 64 Kingtzm St. btrchasd- do.06 148 One Moiety ot Collections at the Uffart.' in~ ch.p 610a0 Church, and the Chaei=ofTP1therton Lucas .. .. 7 13 0 Collected in the Para of Langley Burrell, by the Church. warden at I 12 0 0 llapwar4'e.heath, P. Ayersand0Co,Contractors .. 4 17 10 Boiiath. Selby, York. add ,Reov..- arjeatoton.1I0 0 Toetworth Court. Wotton-under-Edge, Gloceertechire, Coon. tide of Ducdeandesrryauts. .I.I . . 1018 2 A. .11. L , Wolwtgs Decor, Andover. EReefs .1 . 1 .. 10 0 Tbames Baptist Chapel, Oxorn, Rev. 31uc. Bire.. 0 10 0 West Raiseton ,Duncan, Rev. T. 1. Lrd . .6 3 0 R'ng' Sstton, Northarttd. Rer. IL W. Leoniard I.41 i6 Newbottle. do.. do. 2 4 0 Cro,redy Church, Oxford, Rev A.W.Nel . 2 1110 Rev. B. W. L.eomar. Charltoni Adderbhury, Woolsiock Brough, Westmoreisaud. Rev. L Jefferson . 3 8 8 Surlest. Spoading, Rev. C. H. Parry .22 50 Wilhnliegham Galeeborouelh, Rev, . HaMwke . 4 1 0 Bombielon, Bull, Rey. Jobn Jadm. 2 0 50 Mroiety of Coullection at Weathoughton Chapel4, Bolton.le. Moors,Rey. J. P. AIsO .. 312 0 Atmagh. City and County, W. Paton, Esq. 218 1 11 Churches in Diocese of Armagh and Clogber, W. Paton, Eeq.. Treasurer .~h - .- -.21 8 10 Fritwael Church, Oxfordsurs Rv. B. Gordon.. -.. 118 0 Corelsy, TnnbL.ry, SIiop, 42 is. Sd.; Rev. J. Burnett Stuart, T. B. LL. Baker, Z3q., H4 wickoourt,£1;CI Hardwick Church. £6 105.; Standish Church, £e5 17e. Rev. T. A. Browne, Vicar, Xi ' ''I. 27 7 0 Btandish Vicarage, with Hlardwick Cha bry, dlocester Whiteparish, Sasisabry, Wilts. Rev. Jr. Glanr,lla. 0 2 6 St. Aldato'e. Oxford, Rev. T. L. Layton . .2 14 7 yarley, near Eye, Suffolk, Rev. Ed ward Cobbold. 1 12 0 Great and Little lihespy, Atherstone, Rev. T. Fell . 7 5 8 Swiinbridge and Laudksy. Barustaple, Rev. J. IRussell 8 2 2 SomeretebireBunk. Ilaninster. Jamnes Stayner, Eeq. 23 10 7 Whinton Church, Itotherham, Yorkishire, lion, and R1ey. W. Howard.. ... ..5 28 lAttieleIgh. Northwle5, hea ir,'ev.'W.Wh'tort 3 1390 A-berlord,MAtiordt Junction, York,hire, Rey, the Vicar 25 10 a, Wa-kes Colne, HlaLtead, Essex, Hon. and Rev. FinLS. B Grinestone.8 16 Union Clopel. Wycomihe, Rev~. D. Pldge . 0 17 1 ClawaOobCurch, atelton MOwbray, Lelceslershtse Rev. T. Mitchell ni.. ~ etCngeinC~ 2 3 6 'Unit-ed 3eptiA andldPdn"o '' Alce Rv har Preston.. 6 00 Union Chape). Me.aal, Ely, Rev. Robert Vim00 a0 Lydd, Kent, Riar. R. Cobb .. 8 9 Stoke t'eover. t'orlock, Minehead. Sioma;set. Rev. 3R. F. Gould 0 12 6 Bothenharepton, Durst, Rev. P. Coke . 3 1 10 Relaton), Cornwall, Rev. C. Wllson. 6 7 2 WestCraimlln. Somerton, Rev. A. Fitzgerald.. 067 S Rusben. Cactileown, Rey. W. Clanfixn ..5 IT0 C. .HaTWnOOl Es,Deane.Orert01, RAnts .0 0100 Llandmorwig., inddemderC*ranvon, Rev. H6.G. Ewards 1I15 0 Alwon,per If,.Thindley 01 II6 Swyieneetcn. near estona, StaRcardchire. R1ev. W: ayo 11 18 0 Lower Peover, Knutsford. Cheshire, Brv. Joh:a Holma 8 19 3 Little Malverni, Rev. E. W. ajsha.4'A7 0 Lamphey. k'ambroke. Rev. 3 J.H. B. 6 0 0 Isip Church. Thralctne, Rev. N. F.Lightfoot . 9 3 10 Bakewell, Derbyshire (on account), Rev. HL K1. Conl;sh 100 0 I Farnoombe, Godalming, Rev. S. L' Lyon . 6 .. 2 0 UJpmincoer Church, Romfori~1. Esex, Rev. A. P. Scholefleld 21 46 Sit. Peter'e Cherchu. Colchester Rev. H. Caddell . . 28 14 0 Mapperton. Dorset, £5 s. : 540ok ars,do., IS.; Rev. P. 31. Comptonc Mapperton. Dorset . 2 . .. 3 0 1'er London and Weetmincter Banx. HoraceeJones 110 Thgo n atro 6lt ainOUe 10 100 Cranalley Pa,rish, Nortttampton. 9166 Collection at Ilverdon Church. 10 13 8 Do., WIlton Church, D. Danmel. o 7 10 J. A. KesbAhw, Northampton. 7 1 4 Collection at Chlurcht of Dunham Raynal, and D5alton,' Do.,Mrka,the Rv.G.W.811. 4 Subecriptiote from Wilton, Mayor .IIO 0 0 Collectioo at Abbotsham Rey B1 Dewsey .. . 6 2 2 Do., ReabSelsi, Hon. and. ilev. h.0b. lago; .1 5 13 8 Breeson Ch,irch, Rev. J. G. Wetherall . 2 9 11 7 W.H1. andF. G. Pott.s 6 0 Collection at Trinity Chucrl, Newingto'n . 18 0 0 W.0, Middleton.2 220 C. Rolfe l.IIIt0 a.H.McQton,.3 30 Collectlonat Reoi,lv. - Dlghton . Ii 517 1 SibbertoltParish 2 0 Collecton at Molham Cumrch, Rev.J3. Bundnr)L1313 6 ReT. C. MOsaOp OfEtOn . . .2 0 0 Rer. W. Croome ... 10 6 Collection at LtsadlMo, Rev. BR. Ferguson. . 2 1 2 IDo, Paroham. Rev. -rTowip3end. . .2 1 0 Lsaretcher Cnurch, North Meltoen . . .1 10 0 Do Rev. W.,Bsrdett. . . .8 6 R1. Yiiirae\l.1Eaq.. . .0 50 George Chapmau . . . . 0 0 J.LukeI. . . .0100 LouIs Hazhe.23230 Unitarian Chpo: Hsxnaotead, Rev. Dr. S4adler .. . 358 8 P. G. Debenboami, Q.1 1I0 Collection at Linda,ers, Rev. E1. Parn~inon.1 113 0 Do,, Harley Rey. m.Norman. 4 16 0 Do., Little ilo)wden.'12 10 0 Rev. J.Clankey of Tioorney.1 0 0 00 Collection at W'ootten, Beds,,Coventry Payne, Ks Q. and Rev, F. Neale 6296 Do. Higay ChuroL. Yofo) n atdy Rv .3 arkas, recotor .. I..I.600 Do., Worm~ington Church RPev. TR. P.BillUngley I0 0 DO., at langorce Rev. 3. Humirrs7 . . 0 0 Do., at Wentworth Right lon. Earl Flitwililam . ..123 10 11 Sioutth Molten praris, Rr.v . A:. lOetlandI. . . . 13 0 Oaliecllon at Do. Church,) Do. . 0 13 0 Per Town Warden. at htellon MoWbray. . .8 110 IS Parudon parshl.. P2 eer.Mstran n o Collcated on Fast Day a't Eltoni Church, noar Beverley, Rey. W. P Mugrar .... . ..1396 Do.,Spaiwic Paeah,dltto, Veasey and Co. 5 1 3 Do.,St. ara' Chuch,We'co2po.l, ArchdeAcon OClive ..37 04 Do., TodenhamParish.Rev. F A'eton Vicar12 1s 11 Do., ost~meryCoorh, Re. 51 Llod. . .0 12 6 Toone,F..d HZ 3e . .2 0 0 Paris of Rmsey,Hunt, Rev.C: H,BlnghsA .. 10 10 51 ParshofI.veto, acr Rma, erIgste an66 0 0 ColecionatLghtn relstn.Rev 3 Juge .. 0 00 Collcte atSt.hIas'e,Critiae, Hgh lla, Cean B3roushlon Parish. Hante, Veae an C . 12 Bt. Martin's P,raih Church, ''e. W. *-rat 16 0 0 oBoland, uharlec, Sllsby. Bank 46 GrOcbertn IParish, oeton Bank 21 06 Leaks Parich, dItto ,,2 0 0 Witloft Parish, ditto Saiterton ParIsh, dCtto- 17 0 Ludhorougbh near Thrapeton, colected on Fast.day, Thrape ton BanK Rev. M. Martihn,oaBos ' ' k. 4 16 5 Re.G W et Upto mDam 8310p, Becls 3nd Co. . 1 0 Bar.t o at11 0 7 Colcina est Pilbury Church 10 Par Richard Jamee Lre.,, ..1 1 0 0 Collection at A.oton MJRa,n Bjore ..0a; I laide Church, Kendal Bank ton Bank. 1 o o Dent Church. ditto aI3 0 Conutnwaite Chuteb, ditto6 b } I0 6 Per Lubboc~k and Co...406 Down Chapel James Carter_. 0 0 Per Stephen St-les .. .I .. .. 1 0 Per Ward ana Co., for Parish of 61ilngiourn'buincl, Will, I Rev. W. Lukes.1 P'er do.. fOr Parish of A.'dhour.e, Wtits, Rjev. 'G. P. Cl1eat'e'r 1168 118 60 Per Mdattbews and Co,, Collection at Dews,sl, CaIlow, Rev. Tho5. Phillipe.01. Per B. D... .. .010 02 Peer Hodge, fct A. B, Bone0 reaTurer for Deionport Suab pton 350 0 0 PerB. Barbe and %Corh..' I, .AloSuty-~.. 2 2 0 Per Ward and Co . Coecton at Christ Church, Saverake, near Marlborougls, Brv. T. L. Kluglscury . 5 0 0 Per Matthews and Co., Collection at Cradley Church, Rtev. p .E Hampden 6 100 Per P. eOn. H. Wllllans, Re. M. Hat hawy,-StL Gerge's, LEarlas,on .. . * 16 3 Per Doaies and Co.,on account of Xingcon District, 3d PrWmeand 'bo., J. B. Wrwick, FReq., Deouthell CHonlection-SoothwelL i261 sl. 6 'Cautonn, the9 10d.; Halam. £4 lIes Winkburn and Ofplebeck, £6 Os. G1.. 282 8 10 Per do., 31.31. WIlin, Fernasield, Halts -. 2 4 0 0 P'er Mases. Goellngs and Sharps's Weekly Lisi. MigsCaroltuepasyy .1 . . . . . 1I 0 Thorma leldertoela Seq. ,. Charleu Dunkin Wake, Es.1 o 00 John7t,Putam, Rq ., . . 5 0 0 The ectr ad Prisiona o St Mes Aderacywith St.MarythaVbglo,Loocon ~~~~.. 2314 6 Collotle in ts Pel,h'of m. Soapeire,per the Hon. l 0 and Rev. Gorge Herbrt thehViar .1 0 10- wArdPayno.4 1~~~~~. : . I 7 3 Ditto In SJhutford Church, per ditto . 0 17 6 Ditto Ineliblord Church, per ditto W. B Hanxen. Eeq .3 40 John Oliver Jones, , '- -10 00 Collection at the Perish Church of Tijdworib 550 on the Day ui Humrlilatiso, pebh e.Ihr Ish~ Roary Richaud Chetwycd Sta pulthe Rev. =Ibo 0 0 The Right Hton. Lord. clIgernon St M.. 10 0 per 1teescs. w i;s The Rev. T. Astley 88 aberly, Cockil Sue,apo wtof the Offexrtr In the Pariah Chmart onAh a l EW14 tlon . 17 12 6 Ditto Offertory atMa dbe.t CaplScooo the; aame Day &i,Oj~dtrst];a93 Per London and We4tnlosdtrTai Oxor.e ch.~ Collection On the FAst DAY at the Catholic ApasIloli Church, Gordon-rqnare. 5 Rev. . Dye. rctor Colectin mae inthe Parthl of Rev B Lscinb, olacloomae n eatoin Curhtl,~ 600 Further SubscrIptIons receiedfo Brool. 0000 John Stuart Miii Eeq. 10 00 Per C3ommrcIaf Bank., S3omeof the Pariablonere ofOff ham.Kent,Port?1ev. t Money 615 0 Per Messrs Clooke. Iidduipb, and Co. On.-den Parich, per Rev. W. S& McDoua,11 . G 2 8 Kirtking Parish, per Rev. W. Windle . 8 16 4 St, John's, Westminster. 03llection 2 31 Miss ennet, MachsPererOrient inlBr.2210 AffEB Bennet~ Ifanebogter1 0 0 Cosrbrldge PaLriah, RLev. J. H. Gwyn . 8 911 Linubathian Parleb, do. ... .5 17 1 Mdararoec and St. Donale Parishes, Rev. J. Wiiarne,. . 2 12 6 A o,Ei Per Meese. Forces. Forbes, and Co. o O.asatgoargwen at Dona6gbad,-e Statlom Cap~t. W. Gore- footes Inspector and CoDmmander. . 6 0 3 Linslals, Snake, Rev. WV. E. Richardao. . .6 16 Essx, Ror. C. Theossald. . . .11171 Tottenham ooturtrond Chapel: Rev .JW Richardson 100 0 Si. Trinity, Nllnorles Rev. Thom-.as ' Hill.. .I 3 10 0 LI.tio Pertlaud-atreet Chapel, Rev. Eldward Tagart 2) 2 6 FordJ. S. Tharp. Chippoeahm. Sir Robert Plgek SBrt.£410 0 I J.B. Th&rlIv. 10 00 Rev. C.'gt*me0o 010 6 Mir. EdwiLrdGithis .. 20 0 Mr. Johr Freon .. 2 00 Mr. Frederick Newman .. ... 20 0 Mlr. Lowis Kent.. ... .... . 20 0 Mr. Foflip, Kent.. ... .... . 20 0 Mr. John Kent .. .. 0 0 Mr. Thor. I-ewpoct .. 10 0 Mrz. Henry Wiseman .. 10 0 Mr. Chrsiles Rust .. 0 10 0 Mr. William RUsnbbroke . . 00 10 Additiocal SuboctlDtions of ParishIoners 2 133 3S Ca"pt Tames hfangles, R.N.s 0 0 Joseh Sidney Thatp, FAiq. 10 0 0 Hon-. Fredk. S. Hobart.2 0 0 Kennett Parish, per Rey. W, Godfrey . 9 10 11 Per Union Sask of London. Lleut.CoL. Henderron. Hen, hocretalry, Stoorbrldge. 6 7 4 Indeveudent Chap,el, Cannon- treet, eteoln . .27 10I1 Metars. Scheley, Dasuin, and Miller. Esstsheap Ii 00 Independent Chapel, Newport. iaop .. ..8 2 6I St. George'a German Lutheran Church, AlBe.etrtet, per Dr. Cappel. Minister .. 6 1368 Thomas Hamb,r, P.sq:'. 2 0 0 J. S. Scrimgeour, Fsq.. 10 10 0 Comft~s~ of Pewie-rer. 25 00 ughonhal Slffa2Saip~5 0 0 Alfred Burgess, Mrds 0 0 0' ion a Whithaven hurch4 14 0 Hugo o, s~~ Per Bank. 10 10 0 From a few Clerks, prElectric and IntornattonalTtelugaph Company .Perpoicaias5rIreiand. " . '11 0 Collection at Inuisoarra Church, the Lord Bishop 01 Cork 9000 Mdiddleton Church, do.11069 CharlevrsIle C hurch. do~. 1,00o (Co akelty Chsur,h do... ...6 14 C St. L,ske's Churchi. do. 79 Per the Lord Hsthop of Cork . . 7 0 4 St. Patrisk's Church, Limtrickr. tie lord Bishop of Limerick 2 6 0 Balihmacalllgot Church, ComelyKetry, do. 1 5 0 Aghadoe Church, do. 910 0 Lirtowel Church, do.2 3 30 Ballybaruton Church, do. 3 0 0 Valentt. ohmeh, do. 17 Kilimurry Church,do: 1 7 3 Tralee OChurch, do. 1 0 EJiarney Church, do. 12 12 6 Dreshane Church, do. 211 3 DunurhsnChurch do .. 0 15 KCnechaen Churcs, d o6 ::::::: 2 17 0 Aek-eaton Church, County of Limerick, do, . 310 0 Si Afornchiu'e Church, do,.21i3 Lonahill Church, do. 4 2 0 Newcastle ChRrob. do.:: ~0 13 0 Kllmurry Charch, do...4 113I Drchsedtiaus Church, do.1 0 00 Shasagolden Church, do,.3 17 6 Ilildimo church, do. 3 150 B,athkeale Church, do.560 0 Etocauniel Chorch, do..0 56 CloomeL, per Josh. Kenny. k.aq., Mayor of Clornmel. 1It0 00 Bar District Church, Diocese ot Clogber, R1ev. J-. C. liaden I00 Clogherusy Church. do., Rev.R. V. Dixon . 1 81 ESeehanors Chapel of Ease, do. 11 0 Temnplecarns Coureb, Rev. Char. Msaude . . 40 0 Piarih of Ilnnsmosacrnmt Rev. Hugh Hamilton . 5100 Clmearst Joe. Kenny, SEq., Mfayor of Clostuel.. 100 0 Oooley, District Church, Dioceste of Armagh, Rev,. Andrew Chrstie .. .. ..240 Pomery Parbih ChurcbOsReC:Y. Erakine:: : .. 210 0 Per thie Lord Bishop of Cork. . 164 6 5 KnockevIIla, the LjedBishop of Cork . .4Io Collection at Liseosid, the Lord Bissbp of Cork ..2&0 Bungerfori, Thor., Seq., do.. 2 00 Collected at Queeeuetowe, do .. 115 0 tilmahen. do.. 40 62 Cloyce, do.. 5 10 0 St. t.ni'c, do.. .o 6 Kirnei.gh. ditto. . 2 5 0 Carrif,rtl uch do.ai"y . 14 3 0 'I xionirinChrc ev J T etb 211 5 Drosneda Cot pe1 of Asee,Re. B. A Nqewcomb2 5 0 Kilb,uane. the Lord Bishop of Cork . .413 4 Ke,ocrvelshl, do.. 0 0 56 'l'earpletrine, do.. 4 13 0 C'regh, do.. 1100 Knomkaourne, do.. 2 00 ILIaoumney. do... 9 17 6 Mir. Courtonys servant, do. . 0 2 0 Sir. Mforris, do. 0 00 Captain Thomas WV. Evans, Fairy FMeld, KIlmaUlooh 1 00 Collection at Hlalyn..haglleh Church, counaty Retry, the Lord Bishop ofLimcerick.21460 Kenearo3 Church, do.,* do. 2Iat1 KlIfin,ane Chrech, county Limerick. per dio. 13 14 2 1{nocgaioLhinch, d.ooers of tCaahel, Rtev. Nicholas Liansnestra Curch, 1te.s rW. .aU y".-. Bale . 660 Leatherl,town Churco. Bay. J. Y. Rutledge . 1 6 Castle Arebdall Church, Rev. J. B. Annt-sley . 3600 Crateel Chnrch, Von. Archdsecon J. W. Stokes 6.01 2 Collections remitted by the NorthaimptousLeUirilon Bant.. Great Billig Church, Nsorthaauptouslture, Rev, Jos. Walxer 119 0 Stanwichl, do. ao., R1ev. J. Sergeant . 7 02 Banhioo do., do.. Rev. G. S. 11. y.e4 110 Yarniy Hastings do, do., Rlev. Dr. Yardley . 8 10 Iii Decton do., do., Rev. Dr. Langley. 110 2* Bllworlh do., do.. Rev. W. Barry . jq 9 WVoollston do., do., Rev. A. W. Griresbach . 0 0 0 Flte?ord do., do., Sev. J. Day. 9 55 Braile!d-on-Greetn d-.. 00., 11ev. J. W. K1night.. 2 it 10 Waigrave do., de.., Rev. John Coxr. 2 6 10 Hausinglo do., do., Rev. Jloho Oox . 1I11 0 Weiltug rorengbdo., do., Etv. H. V.Brougnzton . 17 10 0 Withy do.. do., Rev. H. Dale. 0 010 Finedon do., do.. Rv G. W. Paul..612 0 Harle3ton do., do., Riev. D. Moetan . 5 16.2 Cestly Aehby do., do., Rev. Dr. lirent . & 4 0 Grendon do., do, Rev. 1' r. Brent 10 Whiston do., do., Rev, Dr. Brent. 4210 0 Litle Houghton do do Bay C. 2yt 1060 Clocenhoe do. do.:'A~;: 1E. Watkiu.91 00 Wootten do.. do.. Rev. W. IV, Wooloombe .. 6.. 81-210 Holloweel do., do., Rev. W. Hellen 2.., 216 11 Nacoby do., do., Rev. Jse. Jones. 18 19 3 Great Hioughton do., do. Rev. W. L. Collins . 7 17 4 Macdwell do.. do.. Rev. T. Holditch . 14 7 0 Spratton do., do., Rev. J. P. C.,bb..11 611 Courtesoheli do., do., Rev. 0. Bubbins . 115G6 Church liranmpton do., do., Rev. G. F. de Tseeeerr .0 17514 Horton do eo.,l-er. J.,Dowvnes.2o 7 Plddiuloxxo. do. do, do. 6 1 4 Breckhell do., do., P. Thornton. 11 30 Stke Broern do., do., P.a ELLee . 148s Collintateedo., do., Gs. P. Hill. 112 3 Smwell do., do., G. S. Reobinron. 117 6 Weston Favell do., do.,, R. H. Knight7 7 70 Gayton do., do., Dr. Temple.3 4 3 Oreafton Regis don., do., B. J. Same. s is Faxton do., do.,a ILIsban.0 11 5 Fliere do., do.,.J. T. iH. Smlth. 113 a8 uvretoWne do., do., IV. Ager.2 0 8 4 Rtoade do., do.,,AL,W. Gregory. 1I106 lioldinby do., do., C. H. Ehartshcrmo . 22 84 Brlxwvorthdo,, do., CI, F. Watkile. 4 0 0 I.pton do., 00,, If. Do Sacamarir. 1 i15 All Saints, Norihampton, do., WV. Wales . 44 14 o ht. Feits, ~do.. H. de Siuam%iz. 2211 4 St. Giles,do, H. EWott.23 189 hSt Sepolchdlir'sdo., NW. Btlin.a 1 1I St. Kasnerine's, do., P. Banton. 1115 i0 8ii. Edmunds, do., J. P. Brown.1 6 0 Oliocy do., BuocklnghasnIehlcJ . P. Langley . 1 7 0 Liveudon do do.,W Toosken140o Cold BraySocld do.: do., do. .s . 1413 9e NVywingtou do., Belfurdahlre. H. S. London . 1 9 0 Donation, Sir Cnas, Wake, Bare., Coarfeohadll,Northamip. taushira 200 0 Do., clvr Arthur d'; Cape11 Scooke, Bath, Oakley.hall, Ket- tering, do. 1000 Collection, ileckleton Cihapel, Northamp;tonshiec, lRev. WV. Knowles.5 0 3 Per Messrs. Greater Greenway, and Smith. bankers, Warwicrc. Collected At Batx ord Church, Walwickebire, tie Rer. . V. W WMason.'14 9a0 Mioiety of Collec~otina St,'Pant' Churc, Warwik6hr'e. Rev.E.W.qimlth.322 Collected at Welleebourne Chureb, Rev. Lord Char. Paulet 27 26 4 Calle4ted at HEatton,EBevT. P. kokon .. .. 10 7 7 Collected aLt Ke'reton Church leer, P.R. Miller . .. 13 0 7 Moiety of Collccticn at hitutterhed Church, Fre, 'D. Cameron .. .. ... .. .. 470 Collected at Wrox Hall Churchb, Rev. E. Hill . 4 13 0 0o1lected at Upton Church. 4 90 Collected at Sseks.rooke Church, R'ev. WV. Stanton , 20 9 0 Collected at Lglelthorr,e Church, Rev. C. Palmer . 8 16 Collected at Rlivlngton Church, 11ev. P. P. Brodie ,. 5Ii 6 Collc:ed at'Butler's Marston Church. Rev. G. F. Thoma 4 7 6 Collected at Waseprion Church, Rev. T. L. Lane . 5 14 6 Collected at Cheaterton Churchi,BR.ev. 0.akeer . 3 10 i Some received per Messrs. Oakes, Beran, and Co., beankers, Sudbury, Siuffolk:- Ail Stiate Pariah, per Rev. Chas. Bsdham . 15 5 0 Frirs-street Chape, per Rev. J. GW 610 0 W. W. Humphrey, .sq. 2 0 0 Mels lHumphre.. . 1 0 0 John Bridgman. q.1 I 0 0 J. F. S. Gooday, Eq. 0 lo o C;r- 26 10 0 Parish of Great and Little Menny, per R'v.J. G. Carey .. 7 1 10 Do. Budbrook. per Rev. Jos. Oape .. . 6 15 0 Do. Cornard Pavd, per Rer. Edwln SIdney.0 6 0 0 Do. Castle Heilnughsa per Rev. S. R M!. i 15 4 1 Do. Great WaldingoelA. per Rev. i. 'Kirby .. .. .. 13 15 4 Do. Deaston, Per 1ev. W. L. Suttab 2'. . . 2 0 Do. Poelingford, nr do. . . .. . 3 8 6 Do. Nesson, per Rv. Chas. Smith. 10 0 0 Brl;hton ItBorough ot)f FIre rnstalment througiR the Mayor. Colleetion at St. haiy's Chapel. Rev. H. V. Elliott1 of which .20 to tLe bir Henry Lawv- rence istitution. 152 14 7 St. George's Chapel, Rev. J. H. North. 143 2 3 St. Andrew's Chapel, Rev. w. EL Rooper.. 125 1 1 Christ Cnurchb Rov. J. Vaughan. 121 0 7 St. John the raptist Rev. F. Reade .. 111 8 0 Mlorning, St. Margaret's Chapel, I1ev. Ca y 91 0 2 St. James's8Chael, Bao.C. D. Md4rhall.. 71 16 6 Triity Chapel, Rev. H. H. Wyatt .5 14 1 Hove Chureh. Rev. W. Kelly.. . 14 0 All iolsis' Church, 1ev. BS. SUh . . .. 4 6 12 0 Chapel Royal. Rev. T. Txocke .. . 40 00 AlI Saints' Church. Rev. T. Coombe .. 35 7 8 St. John the Evangelist Rev. B. . Drummond 12 4 2 North-street Chapel, Rev, S. Sonbtin . .. 66 00 Brighton Collece Chapel, Rev. t. Griffith.. 8 11 6 West-street CaLpel, Rev. John Grace 37 86 Quneen- reChapel, Rev. *. Kig .. 23 5 8 New-road Chapel, Rev. J. 1. Malen .1 2 11 4 bnerer Chapel Rev. 3. Atiinson * 8 2 Salem ChapeL Rev. - Isaac. 8 , . 7 100 Pavilion Chapel Rev. A. J. oe. 7 50 6 Queen-quar Bsptist ChpelO . 2 Eturtpierpotnt Church,Rev C. a Bower 2710 0 Rottingdeau, Rev. - Thomas. 1 0...1 3 11 Little ark Chapel Hustiiernoin. Plreston Church, Bev.ioci, . 5 3 0 Orvagdean Church, 1evW.A, . .1 0 1410 Kingston-by-Sea Oh Re.CToned , 10 7 6 P a r kem c. *. 7 76 |ath Churh, Re0v 'Lafn. . . 0 3 SonhwkChuc~,Het.Rp?ke , 4 0 a Po~44e Chuch Re.-Hld.. .2 14 6 Pot4wsCh 2h.. 8 0-3,0200 0 The Rigbt Hon. tho tedy A At Nq~sgs ZAbUru. Mayorem . . £1 0 0 Scrvan * i? 6 TheWoranipfal 6;mrnon L , 010 Of Pabddlers . ..' £210 lo r o Blistro *, aS Thome MSacbt,er. Etq., Mr. BatCb4I.. . 99 HornicbUmch Lodge .. 1 0 0 (kloectlox, I tc Robert leggott Vjde'r. CnaItess of Hranting. flial, Etq. and Smn. doun.l O3apel, Weston 2 10 6 Olderthaw . .. ao 50 At Oomllgas Librar. hf. .. . 50 0hTra. staoey . . ., 0 0 A frlend in West Ken 2 2 0 At FemB'lI br&MT. EebeouAgondtentln 07 76Mrs.AddlaonI.0 00 Goorge Raioirsd.... 2 2 0H. M.BB.0 M-r. . Pa.~ ..ser la 2 00 mira P.. by' Pr.w. Wc MrPassdtter. 20 00 feaeeo . . 1ID0 S.P. . 5 0The MUls Drew,, 10, AtL= Lamboerk. EAq. ID 00 lHenrietta-etreek . 20 00 Heny 3~and Aq.. 2 20 At Bawters rAbe,r. Sauel Coasla. II 10 &.. .o Subscriptions reoelved froM the huesm A£ hr.d.I . 0 0 ltic,s nd Ceweof Her Sils; id. Frowd WVULIO 1I,eaty'atndesudreLmtioned. mlbcnUu 2 . I 00 Ajax . I * 6 160 o rs. Drummond .. 2 00 Conway .. .. . 8 itt 6 ia Bunan and MiII .17 12 7EL .PFrod .. .. 20 0 42 02 Avhtsm:nr'sLIbrar. lItastriolsr 2131l2A~.0100 ImPI,.ab.e .. 2 117 11 ide. hOedaigton, MR- Impr.gua,bo . 2 8 B cmeBtreet . 0 10 0 B0ye~~W1Il~m 9 10 In aormcer list the nasme of Sir Bx ,r, Z602 johnt Lesee, for £8, aSpteec Victory.15127 8Col1e6tionzat' Chepoowl and Ferth. Subariptioa fro 1(e. neighbouring Partahear. Mr. Clanfe gent~street.Chepetow. SIr. Ju,ehWi~ge6 0Uaron du oEade Fenrfenllal0 )ACLJ ~~2 0Ut.. . fr 50 0 Me& J. W kugI'a Fenton Hioyt, K4. 5 llr.J. Pn ~Mn. F. 1io0t .. I* 00 I James Proctor,.Iraq. 5 Coletin oas t rokebl 0The Miha Bldn..o 5 0 9 .J. Hoecel l, At... .50 0 Rev.rW. 2d. A. B. 83very. X.q. . 5 0 0 drev. W. Otorr * 0 art. Klng, 3R. 3 00 Mrc.W.tlaro.ner IY 8. P. Morgalo,3.'l.. 22 0 T.1'hllh.n, Seq . D2MPe tudod ~.1 2 0 J USI,Bq . 1 0 W0 R.epe Jiandeor Eaq 2 0 Lt.lCiatm.n, Xsq, 10 DO T.E.MorgLaRe Q 23 0 - M-.e 114. 100 I .. 20 -11.51. . 1 00V. Mfae T.m q I 0 Small tsubscecptloaa I7 01 Tonas Evans, Req 1I a PewLosonandWetmieprzf F. iatunmond, _a. I1 BAul itratford.plo Branch). Rev. Robert Vaugham Davit, J. P., xq. we 5 0 aEuhee . . 1 . 0 Bulstroleo.O. Bq. 3 0 0Mr.R. GUIraII1 0 Hiart, M.re. F. . 55 00Mr.T.A.tklns 2,00 Furtbher Subscripti-n -eClled Mr. Alfred Chapman 1I 0 0 from Torquay- Mr. Jr. IL Chapman I~10 0 Pler Mleesr Vsviau nudOo. Edward David, EtO 10 0 LI.BIL Short Req. " 5 0 0Mr. Rees Davit 1 I0 0 ter. Leen.zdsierong 0100 ?dr. J.DowleI10 0 Mrs. and M IsDa no 2 00 Mr. J. Gardiner ., 0 0 It. Rlobinson, Eaq. . 3 0 0TI I,g t. 1 0 0 -WUIL%ms, Lisu.. Cia. Sire.MorrsI10 0 T(Id.lan htesdloOt 1 0 0 Mrs.SephensI10 0 Col.eatiz)a at tT;ton Sir. Jamies Ward I10 0 Church, per R0ev. Ri.. Amount ot ConW.1onlo 11 fe. . .38 13 2 uL.er zi . 12 724 Rev. . EL roo 5 00 CoillectionzaLfter Cbuzo 85 3 ELlr..ady, Dun'any 0 0 Bevr. hiL ampxies 1 0 0103 5 7 Tr inity Cisarel per Rev. Sbalrellewtsn. R. Pailo.e .. 64 14 4 Ba,C.L & Hall (rector) 22 10 HawreChurch. per Capt. H,,wking I. . 2 20 Rev. T. Kimls . . 1 8 2OtiEWcllon . . 300a St Joblsn' Chapel. per Rev. W. G. Packs 74 0 ba'Ith .83. o150 9CaIdiont Tor Chur:h, £19 11,. 1Oid. Rev. E. T. Williams . Coessngson Church. V... and liws WIllimams I10 0 XL Use. 10id.-per Rev. Church Collectionl 2 17 0 3)r. Harris . .. 171 809 Rev. Htarry Grey .. 5 004 1806 Mliss ZBaly mitchell . 5 0 0 Itton Chuorob ColWleolo 3 0 0 R1. J. t.rtlth, 100. . 1 0 0Mlager ditto . . . 2 10 0 For Deo,o and Cornwall Bankt. l, e.churcls Esat ditto 0 is 0 Mine Germon . .. 0 10 0U1thditto .. .. 012 1 Abbey-mad Cha~el, at Woo tone ditto , 7 11 8 a mueetsnR f.r prayer by tamfenrlcrof tue In. 1291610 dependent. Weeieyan, Erpensee . 11. 0 Christlau coeregastion 7 8 8118 5 10 Furreouh Crogs Cnurch, Per london and Wesiminater bto. ktrr;Clhurea H. 5 12 4 Bank, St. james'-s-q. Broanel. Per Sir. E. Westekren, 10, Strand. Al. v. . . . 2 0 0 kirs.Oo,nrah I. * 00HtenryfDlaneon I. . . 110 htilstlornith 1 900H"r. llllam 10111 100 0 0 Mine S. U. Cornlsh I. 10 0Jor..Heyolods . .. 30 0 0 James Blrow.%r 10.. I. 0 0rPer Mesmr. Hlanbory atd Lloyd. COL. Iloxost I. . 0 ItC. CclppLndrle, Esq., ion. 2 2 0 Miss &.nmoyle. . lu 0 Per Messrs. HoDkita'n and Co. D.MstizS,r,ats f ev. Ma1jor'Gen. Nolilffe. R.A. 5 0 0 F. iierciea, oue day'a Per Herrders, Rurqubar, and COD, wages .. 0 8 2(O,lIIetso le Serm.on Rey. Bobt. Do Burgh .. 0 10 0 on' the P-asttT Day. at Pler Dlibblns, Collector. Drax, Yorkghire, R0ev. Rev. D. Plicairn.. 10 0 S.H.EL oEr .'111 8 SIrs. Appthnrp I 0 01Admairal itb . IP'tlo 3 0 0 Mr. Dca,-ley 10 0 Parish of Wiggonbolt S0 0 Lieut.-WIo. Sparrw 1II 0RBoW.aa;Jeffery. er. 2 2 I Ktra. 8parrow I1lO Per Agra Bank. 0apt. Fork La 1U1 0 CalsBny .. LAlY Aytu,r 11 O H.H1eLO.S~my.. 5-. 5 0 0 R1ev. yW. Taylor .1 0. 0 ,eAre.WIntn.. . 5 00 W. J, at.vey 1I0 Stai,r NW. ones.. ..15 0 0 Suma unxdtr £1 .1 8 6 Barclay aud Co.. 00l1ec. 8'srther eubacriptions re-ceived ti,m Iu Hiodemwell 5 14 S from Bath. B.Mlai.Eq., 13th At Morcrs. Tuzweli and Co.', RS4t. B.N. iniautry.. 30 0 BI nk. H. C. alexander.. . 2 2 0 Alto5. Player . . 0 10 0 Per Commercial Bankof LondonSir. Gemonde 1 0 0 Covenv-.arden Branch. Coloneel Wrde . 0 0 0Charles Miouro l. .t . 8 0 OD 00U10,td at Stantonz Dr. and Mrg . Ham-ilton 3 00 Prier.. Church.I. a 8 11 SIre. aad Mices xWeY 2 0 0 Do., PepsI ord Chiurch: 1 3 1 -Per igesrre Poller and Co. Ito., S anton Drew Captain, P. Hitlere, .. 22 0 Otnrch . . "3 0 0 The It CT. Jobhn Ath%We3s Miss G:bbs.1 . 0 0 -amount oollwcted in Collected in Weston Pa- Loughtos Ch urchnear ric C hurc-h IG1 1 0 Stoncy Stratford . 3 12 6 Rev. J3bhoB-and. 5 0 0A. S1 .. 010 0 To be saded to Abbey Per National Bank. ChurcU Col'ectin 1I0 0 P. ?;.wem, Eaq .6 8 0 Miss A.'r. Becker 1 I0 0Wiolecteri at Boyle, per C4bholt Apait-l1sC0hnrch j. Si. Manicge.. . . 7 0 0 colleetku vlneyarda. 4 8 6 Per Nresecs. Haleit' and Co. Colleadu.tst.31cluas Lapt. W. 1B. DobeonjLS.. II 0 Churcth.. .20 12 6 Per Onion Bask of London ReMitsHelfmrer, Q rcen.rq. 8 0 0 ., geetetreet Brat:M. hireJacee Cooper, 1.. Wlo.A,Req.. .4 0 0 Xo,t'ci.,.r&de ... . 1I1 0 Collectton at Purlerd, Mfr. E. 7,i.rris, Milsom- Tlnrrey,t evG.H street . 2 00 0 Hughee.. .G 66 C0 Portion of oolle.to atHa, .1., Eeq. II. 1 10 St. Mark's Churtch 9 0 0Tsyl,r J. J.. Req. . 5 0 0 Dr. Irtiae, P'arre-street.. 2 2 0 Col ecred at toe New Addlrlonial collection at Jerusalem Ch'crch, AtLstaon INortheirck, Croo-rt,eet,. atton- ~ythe t. Re. IL hib. garden). ReT.Wcn. Bruce 25 12 0 Walters.. .. .. ' 1 30Per Resets.Sparrowoasd Co., Adattlonal Collection at bauker', Cr elm-lord. Camero I . 10 0 Colleotlan at W:fithe E. Gib=Z1n I.. 10 0 CLurch .. . . 14 3 0 J. W. C Inc' JAmo 1. .E . 5 1 Itoxwell do. 16 14 3 Collected a, WcthlsIng. Sandon do. 4 2 7 toil Chuozh . 2 9 0C(helmsford do.aLec.neA,e Hev. H. it Whiling I. 1 0 0 of;£10from tbeiJihoD Tbe lRon. MilrsBodtricks 20 0 0 of rotobestert .. .. 71S33 J.S. Sodena,Eq., Sydney. Tolle,hunt fD'A.Toy o.. 11 2 0 PI.Co . 2 tptgnad. .." 11 2 2 Le-Co rlham Henry 3 0 0 C dNro aihd.. 8 13 6 At .Messrs. Starkey and Co.'I Bak. Potihd . 8 Collection In Claudown ShllyIo. L1 Church, jtr Rev. T. Basao oigd. 2 210 Tronagontou . . 2 10sGe, ata . . o S3 Peter 1Braweno Eeq., Ltl Watamd. 2.1 10 Beechebs n a .. II 10 Pyrlg2 2 Ditto. ALrmy Scri4pturze R.tinlclld.13 8 0 Readers . 0 , . 70 6SE.Mr',Mllno. 18 0 Cavtatin Jtlard. Oakil St3,do o. 16 Cotta~o . . 0 0 01doo.Wltr 4 10 0 ColIectliun in Portland Munoa,Chelmsornd 11 16 3 Chapel . 2 . 2210 0Denreer paish .. .. 7 2 0 hlrealBoban . 2 f 0~ 0Sonthmitot edo. 20 13 0 Turneratnd Son.. . 0 10 0 1Toche.m do.7 91I Mr. T. S. Ilerbtdge 1 1 0Mutndon do .. 11 13 4 Moiety of Cowbo D3wn ILittle flsddow do. .. 768 1 Collection. 2. ' 150 t6?.trgarcettixz do. .. 4 6 6 Do. cf Monckton Combo I High Laver do.1. I0 t COborch.. . . 1 601 uatostonse do. 7 0C Mle., eath1I0 01 lo,brldge (te. 0 3 1 Uilm PenAnti . . 2 0 0, en,WW.Cbrafy, Eaq. 0 00 Sits, II.MaOkenclo0 I 0 0tChst;efor,HJ,Thr,rpjEe1, 1 I1 At Farchorough Churea, D"" bs Morrall,REfq. 0 10 6 after a Sermoon by the Do., E C .; 0 I l'ece, n at ay. S 13 Wee 3 Hsnntnglleld 6. l 0 1 Colectun .ttheParsh South do. .. 2 0 3 Choraof Illnoesdon Bosesr. Sparrw and Co., 0). t.nrre,onOct 7, bantkers .. 00. t 0 0 remit edb h Vcr utocripttons received from Iiev. tcd aitn 6 3 2 Hltchin, pW Meanrs. Barclay. eI., Lrev . 1 I 0 Bevan, and CO. An rk.,t Indian .1 1 0 Collection at Hitohits Collection sithePeniten. Church .. '0..- 0 5 tie, .after Sermon . 2 16 2,Do. at Kimpton do.,. 12 5 0 Mrs. .. by G. E.., 0C6,OjDo. atCOflledo, .11 f5,4 Mr. '. renor .1 110 Co at WiUllam do. ., 1110 W.W i 1so.El.. FI' Do. at Clift-on do... 6 8 Mere . 1 ~I 01 OAmos, &.Eeg. 1 0o 00O JoepGrn M . 30 0Idt Pryor.ec tz 550 0 ORadclsfe, T.r. D., Eo. 50 0 ITs aL,Ohrsu1.t . 0 5 0 l G.. Deq. 'I It Cotli.ction at Cyluttn, SrB B. Lytton,Bart., M1.?.E' 0 0 per T.D. 337 dHarley, Mrs. 0 0 IAS FAMlarae .ol 0 10011ev. J. R. War-dale.. 5 3 Misaar.aecA.owl" Rev. L. IfeMaley .. 1 0 0 9. Old King.eoreat .. 5 0 OTute. J. H.I, ,. .. 5 101 R1ev, hi. Hobart demlse I 60 Lucas, Fsuch I.. 00D At the Niatlsal Provincial Bank. W. and S. Lucas. .. 5Q '0 ?,tlsoStraghau, 3f, lSt. ;Prime . C Rq. 5 2 Ii Javevs'.qusre .. I 0 01Ba..kine, John, 151 Es.. 0 ' At the Wast of EngtLand Bank. Rev. J. Richardson .. 5 0 5 Mrs. Iltoyso . 1 1 01 Halnsworth. Wmn., E'Q. 2 It bira. Gibbous . 4 0 0Haewkins. Wrn.,e. E .. 21 LI 0 Rey.T. Lousghnan .. 010 0OGroom,Gea.REsq... 20 0 Quoeenuao Chalpel Perktun. Tso'maa, Req... 2 00 o iecton . . 80 0Brown, W..BeQl. I 00 Sale of b.roochl, pot in Resberte, F.11.. 1 It0 plate a, the Octagon R%nsoin. A., Eq. I.. 1E) coilectlen .. .. 05 0 Nenton Cand - In. I 0 At 0" Olcri5bay r. Hawkins .. . I 10 0 Colonel Itdox, RN... S2 0 1ieaHawkins .. . I 00a L'ientt. Towsend, BR.N., 11Aw. etewell, aeq. I.10 0 and Mrm Johu Towns. Bentley, Wms., Esq.I. 10 0 end .3. 3 20Rev.J.J. TaTck . I0 0 Bee. A. Townsend . . 33 0Lloet2. David, Req. I.10 0 Collection at Clountess Itrund, IR.. Ba FA . 1 10 ofEluntingdon'sChapel 14 15 7Rev. S. G. Bead. .. 1I 0 Parish ot Cocite EBY_. 218S9 Rev.G. E1. Radon I. 200 At Jennrings's Library. Smell Some from Pres. Mie aer 7 rrilog ton, Rev. J. R .Radon 6I 70 lsneteet . .2 2 0 Wriaht. S.. Esq. .11 3 0 Mr .Stn.Water. 'Tlmes..Charles, Req. . houee . 10 00 0MissWllshere .. , 1t ) Mrs. SMeyler and Son . 3 3 0G. W. Strahan..E-Q. Ito 6 A Prieod . . 0 106FPollard, Joseph, Req. . . 1 0 J Also per Barlay, 138Tan. and Co. Gurmey's, HEles, parish of Southe,o e . . 1 a. Do., samnnden ollection. at Ketsalo Chrch . It 4 Collection at ilrlston. Suffalk ., ... .7 Brewsvtr, llenry, EAq. ... . . .22 0 Gurney's. Pakenbam, iloughton cojectlon .. . . Collection St. Ann's Chapel, Lanocater . . 1 0 . . J I Gurney'r. Haleeworth, I.mntin"tleiParssh. . 1 1 pS Buruham and Coakthoroo ParL.he,, . . 14 5 Gurney's Harlaste , collection at tendha. Susffotlk - r Collcion, Perish of Serdefield, Duran, 1Rev. T. B. Strong '5 I2 Ray. J. H. Braduey.. Mrs. S. H. Pa'..-t, .. 0 Collection at St. Panu's, Everett ar7s C1, Chipponham * . 2 Incumbent of 8S. PanI's, ReT. A. Strong.. * * Collected t the B-.ptSst Chapel, Chippeunam . . . 0 Colbomne, Tbomasz ,q E . . Brintwortw b J. H. .. I I Pas,h orwfeeks St Masy,Devon aDo CorewdC Layuceoqtonr ' :1 0 Ron. . Decny, per LauncstonaBk .. .. .. .. I ti0 Boyston PerIsh 2. SI Gurneya, Fakenbam, on a,o0ont ot 'Northl Barham 2 N 0 Blirlingham Parish Gumueya Solt . .0. . .. . CoUlected at Smaallwod, Rev. H. 11. Fielder . . 1 '' Do. at Ieettues by City Miaslonery at BarkLng-ide C 1 0 Riohmond, L C. H., REq 3 , S North, SimPsou, Graham, and Co.S I I Mogrin and CoB, Ross. Rey. T. T. Lewis Bristow.nv ,, , Iarish of Loneklngkorno, Deron anud Cornwall Banking oompany ~~~~~~~~~~1 15 8 Wilt n y ..... .. .. .. I 1I Independeut Chapel, rrev. Jmes Bnt ,, ,, ,, * * C16 3 Trdulty Oburch, Boultou-.le-San4, Rev. C. F. Kanby ,, S Is 6 Unitarian Chapel, Laneaster, Rev. Goodwin Bamby *- 24 10 0 Coll-tion at North eQrake 10 I 0 MeS. Tacker, Ooleotion at plaoe obape CobleXatz ..13 110 8t.ulWa arCa,oeam .. . 17 6 Eat C0arton (ibstrobh, BeT. ,ensor.t .. . *- 9 1 0 Ilection at Polhass. St. Mary's the Virgin, Norfolk 17 6C 5 DI. Be Nary Atagdalen Church. Norfolk .J 7 6 Walsfiron P 6riEh, Wimbeach ............ .. .. .. .. *-7 0 0 COEkermoutb Colectlon . 12J 3 rg6erton 0oJlecton,Lelehtou BuzzardBIcra. Parish of Budekirr. pe Rev. Dr. Carter.I f .3 8 St. John's. Yealand. per Revr. oa Campbeell.. . 5 135 Sydts,eow Patish, Fakenham .4 j. . . . sPer Mesxrr mith, Pane, and Collfetion at St. Thomas Sr.tD. IBCburch, Hararford,sest ;1 10 4. B*ty.Parrloeton. and Co. £3 C C clicestlon at TroweU I Collection at Meagen huhrch, Notts.. ,, 3 1 Y Martin, HTev. C, 3. tob-rtion. Andrew, EB,. 11 i J ^wen e e ij 1: ];eeDt,0. JT-, FX' Lt]X,4
From the LONDON GAZETTE of Tueday, Oct. 27. 1 - - FOREIGN-OFFICE. OCT. 26. -xne queen lias been pleased to approve of Mr. Wyman B. S. Moor to be Consul-General in the British North American Provinces for the United States of Anmerica. The Qneen has also been pleased to approve of Mr. F. h. Faulkner as Vice-Consul at Folkestone for the Republic of Mexico. ST. JAMES'S PALACE, OCT. 24. The Queen has been pleased, on the nomination of the Right Hon. Lord Foley, to appoint Sir Henry Orlando Robert Chamberlain, Bart., one of Her Majesty's Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms, vice Beresford, retired. ADMIRALTY, Ocr. 23. Corps of Royal Marines.- Sergeant Uriah Henry King to oe Q xartermaserx, vice Cooper, retired on half-pay. BOARD OF TRADE. The Committee of the Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Paros, enclosing an Imperial decree prolonging until the 30th of September, 1858, the period for the duration of the tariff modifications in Mlartinique, Guadaloupe, the Island of Reunion and Senegal in respect of grain, flour, meal, and dried vegetables. They have also received a copy of a despatoh from Her Majesty's Chargd d'Affaires at MIadrid, enclosing a copy of a Spanish Royal order setting forth certain provisions, with respect to bisls of health to be procured by masters of vessels arriving in any ports in Spain. THE BLAsCKWATER BANK IIGHIT. A light vessel has been moored off the north end of the Blackwater bank, which exhibits two white lights, one revolving and the other fixed. COMMISSIONS. By the LORD-LxruTEsWA2-T of the Connty of LscoLy. S,i enry Dymnoke, Bart., the Eln tQueen's CoamrDion to be Vice-Lieut, of the county Gf Lincoln. By the LoBRD-LIExUTExTr of the County of WORCEsTrEP Warocaterahire Rfeiment ef Militia.-Edwardi Lyttelton FrAncip, gent., to be Lienut, vice Viler,, resigne(d, By the LoRnr-L=maAsv of the County of DuXUL Durham Artillery Retiment of Millta.-James Erskine Ainslie Mather, gent., to be Second Liut. By the LoRz-LxxE-TrxAi T of the County Palatine Of LtxcATs 4th or Duke of Lancauter's Own Light infantfd) Reliment of BAoyai Landeehire Militla.-Enalg John Cromupten Todd to be Lieut, vice Campbel, resigned; Frederick Henry Brice gen Albert Hardinge Lynch, gout., to be Ensign. b nin lot Regiment of the Duke of Lancaster's Ovwn ],llltla._]Dq8ign Charles Abercrombie Cooper to be LieuLt,vice Coloeys, resigned:. otn Gould Nfable, gent., to be Ldent. By the LORD-LTEUTENAIST of thh e WestRiding of the County of JoB.Gandd of the City and County of the City of YoIsK 3d Regisient (Lght Infanbrotr West York Mil'tia..E udgn Michael Thuner t beLien., ice ynason alte Soth, deoeseedi; Ensig. WilimGoh an Galf ob lu ie Pirman, resinerd;y WitiMr Yresigned.nv Frda,a 5th Regiment of West York Mllltla.-.-Lswreacm Williams, gent., to ha Liant. Ba the LonD -LrEuT urxa. T of the County Of NO RcOLx n Noufdlay itia ... A Etle aryBreorelton, gent., to be First Loet., vice Paterson, reuigned. ,Tbi anext ntment is substituted for that which appoared in the Gaett? of the 16th inst.] By the LotD-LcxvUTNA'I Of the CountY of NOsts/OL L Mst, or Wetrma Regiment of Norfolk Milia-BHenry ftederick Brioe, gent, to be Ensign. Thids "Gazete" N iutais notceoo that the foliowing piaces have been dulyregistered for thesolemnl ttor ofm msrriagesthereino a Iudependant Protastints. Cheser. Congregational Chapel, Stffordshrie. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. Whimnney and Co,, Lower Shadwell. provion mercants, ar aS regards P. Whlouey.-F. Y'ug and P. WVhinney, Fenciunch. street, shop brakems.-Cropper and Whipp, Robhdate, waste dea,lrs1 -B. and 0. SmIthi, BoXtedEss.ex, and Biackheath, m.ilBerU.- Beardeall and Morley, Nottingham, painto.-.Stareey and Whal. IollWlverhampton.rH h agricldtural implement dealers.-- Clerk an Coe, Drgley near Ulverston, Laucaahiro, iro uluer, nThraven nUd Harrison, Nottingham, cabinet makems-p,out and Gatltkell, Manchester.-WortTnlthe and Golden, Aspull near Wigan, coal proprletora.-Woodhesd and Brunt, Righ-tree,' ShoredItch, tobao0oulsta.-Benmett and Barrett, ShAfteesb'ry, Dorset: atrgcoas-T. Watuson. 3 . Mecryweather, and J. R. Wadd2golon, Retford and Bollam Mc emaers; asr a regards J. EL Waddingtod -J. Isherh-po' aTCrol n, all oton, contractrs JBor a Bver and Co., BeTerley, dealers Sn cNeve. m ad Preston, andeMte sommdLgson agents. Blnnlngad Co.lcitl Torrockd ifeerA, cod ir manlfacturers.-A. UkTodandW. Smith, Duke-treet, Lovdo.1 bridee, and elsewhere, potato adJ.Eassmen.-F. Smaia an 3. Bayfisa Penten-street. Penlonslid Shoredtch.fornoture deaiers.-J. W; and W. T, Gidner, East Diamee, hSr. ners- m . Allen and J. W. Stai. libraae, Eastwood.Ese,adlewr, fartnmrs-H. and J. Rt. Roberta, Crispin-trt,Stefid,oao salesmen-.S. Rogera, G4. Regera, and Rt. AbotHghHle an Brownlow.atrs,,,t, winr, merchants, as far m regad .Bgr.Tmo and Dunn, Coventry, engineers 3. 3. Reynls, thredn eele-strolterert. dinvg.oo~6rtd of S.d.,ute ea raney t Wedn WenesdyaayM. Wneoxt, Balnd harlere fU e de eaAs Mr. Edmaerso, Highoo-smtret,ep, aundgh ialatrow,lcet d itul -rtdv.of 69 . Odd. any We dnesday, at Mr. Whitcmorels , Bas einghalee . J. B. SGmes, Shtreandele-roadplaten-is draperofras.did. on the separaew estate- on Wednesday next and three following Wednesay, at Mr. Edwards!s, Sambrookocourt, Rasinghall-street. A. B. Clarke.r Whkr-trieet, PCtamn-dquahlsaddler maeron-first dig. new proo, on Wednesday nezt and threre following Wedneedams at At Edwards's, Sambrook-court, Baslughall-street. J. Pearl, Birmingham, bookseller-first dlv. of is. 3d.. any Friday, at Idr. Whsitmorers, Burmixgham. 3. T. Woodhouse, Loominster, scrivener--seconddrofz,an Frld.y. at Mr. WVhttmore's Birmingham. ddl.o san JNokes, BirmiDean g tse -fs dv.o 2. nyndy at Mr. WhItmore?x. lirm6lnghm.tte-itdv,O d, n rdy B. Hemingway, Derby, painter-first dlv. cf 4s. Gd., on Monday next and following Mondlay. at Mr. Harrias's Nottingham. G.3J. Robinson, Nottngham, si1k merchanl-sexst dlv. of 3e. 6d.. on Monday next and two following Mondayv at M(r. Harris's, Nottingham. G. A. Hewitt, Derby, Chynildet-seond div. of 2s. 6d., on Monday next6 and two following Miondays, at Mr. Harris's, Nottingham. W. Mee, Leireister. hosiery m%nufaeturer-crst div. of 2s,, on Mondsy next and followinig Monday, at Mr. Harria's, Nottingham. J.RHumter, Bensoough. shlpwrlght--seeond d1r. of 3id., anF M>,ndsy, J. Stner,ormsg~ ad Sothpot, gocerfirst div. of 6e., any Monday, at Mr. Bird's.d ListwMoedpool. T. Hewlt~Ormsklk, groce-second div. of s d,ayMna, at&L Mr. Bird's. LiverpooLMr.Fraeea .Goodwin. Manchester. wholesa lecothler -frtdvof3.an Tuesday. at Mr. Hernaman's, MaLnchester. frtdv f3. n A. Hlde. Hap-ride, nar ury par manuafacturer-fir dldv. of lo., an Tuesay, t Mr.Hernanan's ancester. Tuesay.at r. rewn's Shffsld.Dlv of 4s. 2d., at ,alkeShefiei,cabnetakerfi~ lv.of lIId., any Tuesday, BANKR'UPTCY ANNULLED. Richard Gale, Hambleden, Bucklngham, grocer. BANKRUPTS. David MandeIbaumi, Minorler. Importer of foreign goods, to surrender, Nov. 7. Dec.8. at 12 o'clock, at the Bankrupt.' Court : so!Icitor., Messs. Llyod and Rule, Mfik-street, City. offcl a ssIgnee, Ma:. Stansfeid. IsaacRose, Tooley-street jeweller, Nov. 7. Dec. S, at half-pust 12 "cok, atatnhoeBankrupts'Court: solicitors, Messrs.Wieadhtd Ssrt B.'s-an; offIal a,sd so, Mr. Graham. Wr n hlt Sir Samuel Hancock, Emnmetts, near Eden-bridge, Rent, cattle dealer, and also Halken-street Wetst, Beigrave-square, hymlst. Nov. 6. at half-Dast 12 o'slock, Dec. 10, at 1. at the Bankrupts'Cort eolicitors, Messrs. LAwrence. Plews, and Bowyer Old IJ`swr..haMbere official assignee Mr. Bell. Coleman-street-buildjng3. Benjamin Hayden, Bermondsey-street, linen draper, Nov. 6, at U1 o'clock, Dee. 4. at half-peast 11, at the Bankroptel Court : solcitor. Mir. Edwards Colemani-street ; official ssignee, Mr. Bell Coleman-street-bulldlays. Thomas Soramervlile, Abbey Nursry Garden-road, Saint John'swood, nurserymax, Nov. 6, Dec. 4. at 12 o'cloock, at the Bankraits sortolicitor. Mr. Oldenshaw, St. Swithin's-lane ; offcia as,signee, Mr. Johnson, Basal hall-street. John ROlE, jun., Ladenhall-etreet, tailor, Nov. 5, at 1 o'clock. Dec 3, at half-past 11,atheBnrp' Court: solicitora, Mevs Morris, Stone. Towneo.adMri.Mogt street-chamber& offi. cdal assignee Mr.BllCoen-te-biags John Benjamin nsadJh ng.ib.tetSOhwrk rheesemougers, NOv.6T e.8 t1 'lc. tseBnrps or solicitors.Messrs.Liiltcad aewd,Se-a;ofcala siguce, M(r. Lee, Aldemnuy Henry Ingall, Cruthdfir,wn ecan,Nv ,a afps 2 o'clock, Dec. 1. at2atheBnrps Cour:slctr,Msr CotterillandSn, Tbomcro-tee;Ofcilasgne r Edwards, Iambrook-cut alga L-sre.I Jeremiah SeIlf. BsOP' Waltha,inepr Nov. G, at 2 o'clock, at the Bankrurts' court: solicitos Msr.lawrence, Plews, and Boyer, Old Jewry-chambers ; Offclasine Mr. Lee, Alderauan- Patrick Monaghan, WOlverluaDton. newspaper proprietor, Nov. 6 and 26, at half-Past 11 O'cOck, at the Bizmingham District Coairt of Bank-ruptcy: solicitors, Mr. Neve. Wolverhanupten), and Me.-rs Hodgson and Allen, Birmingham; official Wasignee. Mr. Christie, Birmingham. charles Wilim Kerby, Nottingham, rOntractor, Nov. lii, Dee. I, at half-past 10, at the Birmingham District. Court of Bankruptcy - sLolicitors. Mr. Sollosy. Nottineham. and Mir. oe,Briga officiwl asignee. Mr. Harrs, Nottingham. Roe imnhm David Oliver. Kimberworth, York miller, Nov. 7. Des. 6, at 10 o'clock, at the Leeds District Court of aNukrnPtcy, Sheffeied: solicitor, wr. Broadbent, Sheffield : official assiguce, Mr. Brevin, Sheffeld. John Wilkiuaon Warrlis9ton, grocer. NOr. 6 and 27. at I o'clock-, at the Manchester bistrit Court Ot BankruPtcy:solicOitors, Mesims Evans, Liverpool, and Messr. Sae, Worthinigton, and flbipmani, Manchester-, official masigee, Mr. Hernaman, Mancbester, Joseph Wood, Salf~ord. timber merchant, Nov. 9 and 30. at 11 O'clock, at the Hanchester District Court of Bankruptcy7: solicitor, Mr. Hostii, Manheser;oficil asigee Mr Heuamn,Manchester. Josha N-lulso. Hxham buche, Nv.6, at 11 O'clock, Dec 8, DrVIDENDe INov. 18, H. W. B. and H. W. Smallpseoe, Gnuldford and Aldersliott, cuwriers--Nor. 15. L. lssaca, Plocadily, cigar dealer-Fov. 19 E. Griffiths, 9'enehuroh-eitset, wine merchant--Noy, 19, J. W. dray, Bishp'sWalham ommssin agnt-ov.19, W. Brown, kRaqmste, 20, 3 PId . W Gretz, Bartlttsbuidings, and `Wbeatsheae.yerd, ov 4 i.J. doust eabinet maker-Nov. (), G. ,ileey, ton-on.^ aes brte 20, M. Moess Some rs-lace, Ne-roa Wat cOahs, brevver-o1 , G3ittens, Hart-street, GrosveNor-square, IrrIhnbOng r-No, 1 17 C'. GienD r9>onr-KTnr-,q-e ironmozoger_Nov. 17, and 3. Savage, N Noble-treet, city,gshirt 17, J., J.. B. Muddman, i~ortbampton, shoe manufsctuorAertrersov17, . W17te East Cowes, ship huIlder-hor. _73.Bo oe, vicn.sr1e, j el imnmater, soutesele0r-Nor. 18, J. Srakc, Jo . Mideo, oto Wtcoal merchant-Nov. 17, F. 3.UItig , WWiibddea on, CambrNideh rn founder-Nov. 1. 3. Lord, Roibdal, Solton pvone CambriDe. 15 0,d r Caulton, Radford, Nottingham, brewer-Nov. 2 3.0 H-Do Lou -Nov 198W.Or^ Reyol(If,potyprl3d G thr, Ntiga Gutton, Lincoln, corn merchant-Nv 4 .(4lte~ ,Notngau buil der-Nv 9N. enls onvprd. G2m4 -sa rae-Nv 19, B. Talbolt and S. Grime, Lydey, G10 locsmer irnfouderap-Nor. W Jopling, WaWlnghamr lurhnaelisesudraper-No, 19, w. I, Cau an-d H.. cot Walirend, iron manfadturers-Nor 17, B. BlundeL Livercot, ditIler-Nov. 18, L Trik am, Liverpool, broker-Nov. 17, Pt. Blundell, Hocton, Chegter, banker. CERTIFICATES to be granted, m3lesa cae be shown to the con- tear On the day of meeting. Nov. 17, P. Hofmann, Herbert-treet t New North-rad, nuercant Nov. 17. J. Insce late of Eaton-. Piub, Surgeon-Nor, 18, L. Iameos, Pircadily cigar dealer- No %W. Brown, Btamegate, paIter -Nev. 16, R. ao!iraoner. late of gtland-basin, Hertforle.ro., maniure dealer-Nov. lIt W. Wayne, Oxford-street, mantls warehouse. man-Nov. 1I, 3. C. Uokerell, Wandsworth.road, dealer in horses-- Nov. 16.8S. Solomon, Strand, tailor-Nov. 18. W H. Brook, Peerlegs. lac City-road, cheeemsonzer-Nor. 18, W. Tyler, Peuton.plaoe, WIaoroth. and Cringlefoud. Norfolk. dealer In farelga animal15-Nov. 28. . I. Hmmet. ardif goce-No, 1, L T. Wang, Stnuderlaud, tibr echn-Nv 2,it iun, won, Durham, gr cer- palunter-Nov. 17, B. Whey, LeiesO,Otp7er. draper. ,er, J. Durno, doce, r darmer, 23 . 3 , at 12 o'clock, at the PRINCESS'S THEATRR- A series of photogp phs to be use with the stereoscope has just been published by Mr. IAroche, of Oxford-street, in rememabrance of the plendid "1revivi.l" of Bichard'Ir. at this establishment. Their number is 13, and so judiciously have the subject been selected, thait portraits of aLlI the principal actors "ar presented to the eye with a reality that would have been utterly u-AtWaible a few yeaxs ago.
T'HE LATE SIR HENRY LA WRENCE. (From the London GaztUtt of Tnesday, Ootober 27,) India Board, Oct. 24. The following despatch has been received at the East India-house:- "THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL OF INDIA IN COUNCJIL To THE COURT OF DIRECTORS OF THrE EAST LYDIA COMrINY. (No. 57.) (Extract.) "Fort William, Sept. 9. " We have the honour to forward for your information the accompanying copy of a minute recorded by the (+overnor-General relative to the death of Sir Henry Law. rence, the appointment of General Sir James Outram to the united command of all the troops in the Dinapore and Cawnpore divisions, and his reappointment as Chief Commissioner in Onde. "MINUTE By Tl: CovERNOB-GENERAL OF INDIA, SKrT. 8. "Recently the Government availed itself of Major.General Outram's presence in Calcutta to appoint him to the united command of aU the troops in the Dinapore and Cawnpore divisions. "IMajor-General Outram is now approaching Cawnpore. eo vrill accompany the reinforced column of Brigadier. General Havelock in its advance upon Lucknow, and, as circumstances may arise calling for the exercise of civil and political authority on Major-General Outram's part 'within the province of Oude, it becomes necessary for me to place on record the determination which was formed by the Go vernment some time ago of reappointing Major-General Outram forx the present to the post of Chief Commissioner in Oude, vacated by the lamented death of Sir Henry Lawrence, K.C.B. " I beg to submit this proposal for the concurrence of my colleagues. "Although intelligence of Sir H. Lawrence's death reached the Government long ago, no official announcement of this sad event, and none of the particulars connected with it, were received until some time after the first reports; and the details are not even now very fully known. " A wound received while lsading an attack on the 2d of July against the insurgents, and believed to have been slight in itself, but acting doubtless on a constitution impaired by protracted labours in an exhausting climate, and on a frame weakened by the unusual fatigues, anxieties, and responsi. bilities of the preceding month, sufficed to close the career of one of the most valued and best-loved men whom India has counted among her servants and benefactors. " In the course of his service, extending over 35 years, in Burmah, ia Affghanistan, in Nepaul, in the Punjab, and in Rlajpootana, Sir Henry Lawrence was distinguished for eminent ability, devoted zeal, and generous and self-denying exertions for the welfare of the people among whom he was placed. As a soldier, an administrator, and a statesman he has deservedly earned an exalted reputation among the foremost, and has been an honour to the Government he served. "Impressed with a sense of his great qualifications I selected him to be Chief Commissioner in the province of Onde. In that position, from the first appearance of disaffiection among the troops quartered in the province, his conduct of affairs was marked by foresight, calm judgment, and courage. If anything could have averted the calamitous outbreak which has been followed by the temporary subversion of our authority in Oude, I believe that the measures which were taken by Sir Henry Lawrence, and the confidenco which all men, high and low, native and European, felt in his energy, his wisdom, and his spirit of justice and kindliness would have accomplished that end. As long sz there was any hope of restraining the wavering soldiery by appeas to their sense of duty and honour he left no becoming means untried to conciliate them. When violent and open mutiny called for stern retribution he did no' shrink from the (to him) uncongenial task of inflicting severe punishment. When general disorder and armed rebollion threatened he was undaunted, ani completed rapidily and effectively the precautionary prepara tions which from the beginning he had had in view; and, though he has been prematurely removed from the soene, it Is due mainly to his exertions, judgment, and professional skill that the Lucknow garrison has been able to defy the assaults of its assailants, and stil maintains its ground. " There is not, I am sure, an Englishman in India who does not regard the loss of Sir Henry Lawrence in the present Circumstances of the country as one of the heaviest of public calamities. " There is not, I believe, a native of the provinces where he has held authority who will not remember his name as that of a friend and generous benefactor to the races of India. " For myself, short as has been my personal intereourse. with that distinguished man, It is a grateful, though a mournful duty to record my appreciation of his eminent servlcei to this Government, my admiration of his high character, and my affectionate respect for his memory. " CANNING."
INDIA. TO THE EDrrOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-No objection has been made in public to my suggestion that all the surviving mutineers who cannot establish a special claim to exemption, and such of the Budmashes, Goojurs, &c., as are equaUy deserving of punishment, should be transported to the West Indies; but it has been objected iu private that thia would lay us open to the imputation of reviving West Indian slavery by an indirect process for our own benefit; that it would interfere, in more ways than one, with the voluntary Coolie emigration which hs already taken place to a considerable extent to British Guiana, Jamaica, and Trinidad; and that the convicts would be able to keep up a communication with their friends, and even to cherish hopes of escape by means of the emigrant ships. These objections would not apply to transportation to Australia. The convicts would in this case be employed in gang labour on the rairoads which either are in progress or are projected in all the Australian colonies; the banishment would be complete, and the conviets would be looked after by a well constituted society, in every respect equal to the care of them. Their conveyance would require a smaller effort than that which transferred 50,000 English troops from this country and its colonies to India. The circumstances do not allow of the subject being worked out in the usual manner by a correspondence betw u England, Australia, and India; and, if the thing is to be done, the Australian Governments ought at once to enter into direct communication with the Governor-General of India in regard to the number of convicts they cau undertake to receive and maintain, and the conditions of their employment. If further confixnation is wanted of the fact that the exemplary and deterrent influence of transportation upon the Hindoo and the Indian Mahomeaan is more powerful than that of death, it may be found in the folowing extract of a letter from Sir Charles Napier to Lord Dalhousie, dated the 27th of February, 1850, and in other writings of equal authority:-" Your Lordship knows that I only did not hang five men of the 32d Native Infantry because I thought transportation for life was the most fearful punishment of the two." 1 have always been opposed to wholesale and sanguinary punishments after the life and death struggle is over; but I distinctly plaoe this warning on record, that if, relying upon otir having crushed the head of the insurrection, we indulge in indiscriminate mercy our tenure of the country will be attended with such a degree of insecurity as will be intolerable both to ourselves and to the natives, and it must end in another and greater slaughter. All the mutineers and the perpetrators of the atrocities ought to boe searched out by commissioners acting on the anti-thuggee principle, and when the whole has been laid bare the offenders s,hould be dealt with as righteousness and justice-which are inseparable from real mercy-demand. I am. &c. INDOPHILU& ifoncion, Oct. 27.
POOlt-RATES .&ND PAUPERISM.-A return moved for last session by Mr. Edward Bouverie, MLP gives the foUowingpartclars of poor-rates and pauperlsmin Englanti and the Principality of WOale8:-It would appear that on the lst) of July last, in 628 unions, having an aggregate populatloo 16,602,776 praons (nearly the e ntlre popu. Fanatoof EDgland and Wales, which was by the last census 17,927,609), there were 102,123 in-door paupers-viz, 26,815 miles, 31,861 females, and 43,447 children under the age of 16 years. Therewere also 1,286 vagrants relleved in workhouses; making a grand total of 103,409 in-door paupers. The industrial statistics prefixed to these figare inform us that the ratio of those employed in the mechanical arts, trade, and In domestic service was 2999 per oent. (England and Wales alono), those employed in agriculture 17-0 per cent., thoso employed In manufactures 85, and tho8e employed in mining and mineral works, 65S per oent. Throughout the whole kinEdom the percentage was,-mechanleal arts, trade, &c., 45-0, agrculure 46, manufactures 6-5 and mining 6-3 per cent Th ne toal nmbe ofoutoorpRupers on the let of July last owasm789,64a,ncl es2ng 124.4 miles, 309,742 femles(adlt), nd 51701chidrn uder16 besides 709 vagrants. The figures exhibit a decrease of pauperism as comupared with July, 1856, of 1-5 per oent.
SUICIDE OF MAJOR WABBURTOZ, M.P. THE INOUEST. On Friday morning last Major Warburton, member of Parliament for Harwich, committed suicide while labouring under a fit of temporary insanity, at his residence at iHealy, in the vicinity of Tunbridge-wells, under the circumstances related below, as given in eridence on the coroner's inquiFition whioh was opened on the folowing day to investigate the melancholy event, before Mr. F. HL Gell and a jury composed mostly of the neighbouring gentry, of whichz the Rev. Sir Henry Thompson was foreman. The deceased gentleman was a younger brother of the ill-fated Eliot Warburton, known to fame as the author of T7re Crescent and the Cross, who perished a few years ago. with many otbers, on the loss of the A ma7on steabshi. He wae educated at the Royal Military College, Woolwich, and served in the Royal Artillery from June, 1833, until No. vember, 1854, when he retired as a major on feU pay. He was 41 years of age, and in 1853 married the Hon. Elizisbtt!, Angusta, daughter of the first Lord Bateman. The jury were sworn at the Abergavenny Arms, in the neighbouring village of Frant, and then proceeded to view the body at the residence of the deceased gontleman. He was lying on the floor of his dressing-room in his shirt and dressing gown, with a pistol resting on his left arm, just &a he had fallen by his own hand. One barrel appeared to have been discharged, and one If not two balls had gone through his head, penetrating the skuU and shattering the face, and then, after grazing the ceiling of the apartment, passing through the window. The Rev. Thomas dcton Warburton was calod. He said -I am incumbent of Iffley, near Oxford. The deceaw was my brother, and a retired Major of Artillery. I was on * visit to him at Renly. I should think his age was about 39 or 40. At dinneron the day preceding his death he ap. peared in good health and spirits. The evening passed as usual. We eAft the drawing-room about a quarter to 1 ab n!ght and I went with deceased to his dressing.rcom. Mr Warburton had previously left the drawringroom. We talked a few minutes in his dretsing-room and then he said he was not well. He went to the closet and I bade him "good night" and went to bed. About 3 in the mnrnin Mrs. Warburton came into my bedroom and saiid thi having missed my brother, the deceased, she went to his dressiDg-room and found him lying on the floor on his face with the candle ini his hand. Sbe did not say whetber it was alight or not, She added that he had not been to bed. Sbe said she could not lift him. I immediately jumped up and went into his dress. ing-room, whore r found him in'the position described by his lady. I liftedhim up and he immediately began to vomit, which he continued doing copiously for some time. We got him to sit down in a chair, and I began i) chafe his hands and legs, which were very cold. He opened his eyes, but did not speak for some time. We sked him what was the matter, bt he made no reply. I think for about half an hour Mrs. Warburton and1 were engaged chafing hia limbs, and at intervals he vomited a little more. Whenl saw thatthe vomiting did not relieve him I became muchalarmed' He began to make inarticulate sounds. I then wrote and dcq spatced byone of the men servants a letter to Kr.Turuer, surgeon, of Tunbridge-wells, requesting his immediate attendance. He came without delay. I went on chafing my brother's body, and after that he vomitted a little once or twice. Ha then began to speak articulately, but silily. About 5 o'clock Mrs. Warburton and I raised him up. Be stag gered, but we managed to get him into bed. We then sat by the fire for about half an hour, waiting for Mr. Tamer. About hslf-past 5 he came and examined the deceased. He, did not think well of him. The deceased went to sloep, and when he awoke Mr. Turner gave him some medicine, amd afterwards, on leaving, that gentleman left a wecond paper of medicine, which we were to give him in a certain timetbree or four hours, I think. I lay down. Mr. Turner told us we were to watch my brother, as he was not exactly satisfied as to his state. We had been talking the evening before of going to Londo by the 8.30 train next morning. While 1 was dressing in the morning I heard nothing of his getting up, but abouk half-past 8 I heard him go to his dressing-room, and on going there I found him walking about in an uncertain, turried, unsteady sort of -ray. I said, "I think we will not think of going to London until a later train." le re. plied in a strange sort of way, "WeU, I think I will not go, for I am rather knocked up ;" and then he said, ,'I must go to the closet." He staggered towards it. I should not have left him but for his going there. When I saw his hand on the door I turned to go to my bedroom for a mo. ment, which is a short distanee off, and I had hardly got in there before I heard the report of a pistol. I sprang down. stairs and burst open the door of the study, which was just at the end of the passage, and only latched; then the door of the closet,which wasnextto it, andthenhisdressing. room door. I suppose it took me about five er six seconds to do all that. When I reached his dressing-room I found him as you have seen him. He was lying on his back, and a quantity of blood was on the floor, near his head, from which it was flowing. Bis right hand was across his breast, and the left hand was extended by the side of the body. The ist ol was ling on his left arm. He was perfectly dead he'deceased had been subject to bilious attacks of a violent character. On those oecasions he was not deprived ot speech. He had nevershown any tendency to lunacy. For the last two years he had been subject to a violent pain in the head, at intervals of about five months, when he was low-spirited. I have seen him sit for hours when under the influence of that pain with his head on his hands and indisposed to speak. He once went to Mr. Beaumont, an eminent surgeon in London, who gave him an emetic for bile. Three nights agLo, I should mention, he had a violent attack of vomiting. Daring the Thursday evening I had seen no symptoms of what was coming en, and he showedI nO symptoms of wandering. From 3 until the time of his death Idid not think he knew what he was doing. He had never fallen down in a bilious attack before. Once, when under such an attack, he complained of great pain. Hi e,es looked odd. I thought at first it was apoplemy I think this attack was precisely like what he had had before. He appered in good spirits up to the time he went to bed. He h not taken anything uncommon, nor an unusual quantityof wine. When he spoke of going by a later train he talked in a mechanical sort of way. He had lately kept the pistol by the side of the bed. He had not the pistol in his hand when he went to the closet. The reason he kept the pistoI by the side of the bed was that in the former occupant's tine the house was broken into. It was a double-barrelled' pistol. I found a buUet on the floor. I thought both barrels were discharged at the same time. There were two bulet holes in the window glass, so I cannot account for the buUet on the floor. Sir Henry Thompson (the foreman),-You are not awaro of any subject pressing on his mind? Witneas,-Oar conversation the night before was on his happy position in this world, the great blessings he had, and his domestic happiness. I know that his circumstances were extremely comfortable, and that he was pleased with his short Parliamentary career. He had a desire to get into Parliament unfettered as to party, and on a request from the electors he put up for Harwich, and was returned as an independent member by a large majority. Mr. Richard Turner, surgeon, of Tunbridgo-wells, deoo4ed, -In the early part of the year the deoeased came to mer respecting an attack of neuralg over the eye. He told me he ad suffered from indigestion and consequent vomiting. About 5 o'clock on the morning of Friday last his servant called me up. I reached the house of the deceased between 5 and 6, and found him in bed asleep. His brother told me he had heen breathing rather heavily, but at that time it was not So.. I leaned over him to observe his breathing. and observing his eyes move I asked him what was the matter with him. He replied in a muttering way, " I am tired.' I asked him if he had not been sick. He said, " No, but sickish." He then seemed disposed to go to sleep, bat r purposely roused him In order to speak to him. I examined his tongue and his eyes, bat saw nothing remarkable about; either. His pulse was quiet and feeble, I then mixed a, powder and he took it and drank a little water after it. He remarked, "I must go to London to-day," to which I objected. He said it was the stomach, and he should soon be right gai As his stomach was empty, and he continued drowsy, I thought it must be something more than a mere stomachical derangement. I therefore suggested that he should be watcbed. I then returned home, and about 9 o'clock I received another message to attend immediately. I was at the house very shortly afterwards, and I found the deceased as you have just seea him. I noticed that a bullot had passed through the moatl2 and left the head at the upper part, penetrating the brain aLnd skull completely, and shtattering the bones of the face. I cannot say from the wound that there was more than one bullet. What the deceased had brooght up appeared to be an undigested meaL His dinnqr on the Drevions evening wvas, I am told, of a imple character. I ima-lne that he was not in asound state of mind when he did the deed, andl that physical disease occasioned that state. From the way he spoke to me I think he was not in his right mind. When he came to me he showed a nervous anxiety about his bilioun attack. The Coroner said there seemed to be an end of the c%se under the circumstances, and if the jury were satisfied that the unfortunate gentleman shot himself when he was insana they wvould say so; but if they had any doubt it was only' fair and right that the relatives should have an onportunity 8teof brigin any evidence they thought proper t-pov h Sir H. Thompson (the foreman} said he thought the dee& was done in a fit of temporary insanity. Lay Bateman, who was in the house, could prove, it necessary, that the eceased had been very low spirited when suffering from the pain in the head. The Rev. Mr Warburton stated, in reply to Mr. Delves; a juryman, that he was certain the deceased had not the pistol in his hand when he went to the closet just before thefiring. Both Sir H. Thompson and Mr. Adare, jurymen, spoke to conversations with the deceased, in which he mentioned his happy circumstances, and seemed very pleased with his position in life. Susan Harris, the housemaid, stated that she saw the pistol in a leathern case on the marble stand by the sida ot the bed at half-past 8 on Thursday night. Several jurymen expressed their concurrenoe in the fore. man's opinion, and a verdicet wa returned that the deoeased destroyed himself in a fit of temporary insanity.
M0OEY-MA RKBTand CITY INTELLIG ENCE. Tuesday Evening. The qudotation of gold at Paris is 6 per mile premium, and the short exchange on London Is 25O30 per IZ. sterling. On comparing these rates with 1 the English Mint prico of 31. :17s. 10id. per ounce for standard gold it appears that gold is about 1-10th per cent. dearer in Paris than in London. By advices from Hamburg the price of gold is 423 per mark, and the short exchange on London is 13-4A per 11. sterling. Standard gold at the English Mint price is therefore rather more than 2-10ths per Vent. dearer in London than in Hamburg. The quotation of the exchange at New York on London for bills at 30 days' sight is about 102 per cent. for first-class paper, and below that for other descrip'dons. This is considerably below the Mint par between the two countries, and there is at present an advantage in sending gold from this country as compared with drawing bills from Araerica. The funds have experienced considerable iluctuation to-day. Under the influence of the Indiau newis, and the more favourable v iew taken of the American Bank suspensions, they opened at a further improvement of nearly a-quarter per cent., but a telegraphic announcement of the temporary stoppage of the Liverpool Borough Bank was thea received, and a suce.ession of sales, partly speculative and partly on account of various esta. blishments desirous of providing ample supplie3 against the possibility of an increased pressure, caused a continuous reaction. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 89, were first quoted 89h to 1, whence they gradually declined to 86" for money, and 88$ for the 10th of November, which were the last official prices. After regular hours the heaviness increased, and there was a fresh fall of an eighth. Bank Stock left off at 20G to 209; Reduced, 87g to i; New Three per Cents., 871 to ; India Stock, 208 to 210; India Bonds, 40s. to 30s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 15s. to 10s. discount. The rate for loans on Government securities in the Stock-Exchange to-day was 5 per cent. At the Bank the demand was active, but not severe. In the discount-market great caution is exhibited, but the supply for short periods is abundant, and in some exceptional cases choice bills have been negotiated at a fraction below the Bank charge. In the foreign stock-market there was a moderate business, generally at former prices. Turkish opened at an advance, but afterwards receded, and at the close was fully I per cent. below the last quotation yesterday. Peruviau Four-and-a-Half per Cents. were negotiatedcfor the account at 75i ; Buenos Ayres, 82 Mexican, for the account, 19k and t; Portuguese, 43 and I ; Russian Four-anda-Half per Cents., 97,; Sardinian, 89. and i; Spanish Deferred, 23`; ditto, Certificates, 5i; Turkish Six por Cents., for the account, 88, 83;, 87'and ; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, Ii, the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates generally were slightly firmer than last post. The final quotation of the French Tlhree per Ces,ts. on the Paris Bourse this evening was {iG'. 'J(c. for both money and account, showing a recovery of nearly a quarter per cent. There were no gold withdrawals from the Bank to-day, and the belief is that the shipments to America will cease. According to a postscript of a letter from a leading firm, dated just before the sailing ot the Arabia, the rate demanded for the best bills on England was at that moment 108 to 110. The rates of exchange reported by the overland mail show a favourable movement. At Shanghai and lHongkong thi-re has been a decline of fully 3 per cent. At Bombay the decline has been only a half per cent. At Calcutta there has been no alteration, but at the departure of the steamer the news of the final occupation of Delhi had not reached that city. The Liverpool Borough Bank notified this morning that the business of the establishment will be suspended until Friday, to allow time for the completion of the arrangements required by the Bank of Fngland before making the advances to enable them to liquidate. It is said that the total required to meet the claims of depositors is 1,500,0001., against *:hich certain available assets, accompanied by Lruarantee-notes from the leading sharelholders, are to be handed over. No doubt is expressed that everything will be perfected by Friday and that the bank will then reopen. Late in the afternoon rumours were industriously circulated of fturther banking embarrassments in Liverpool. In the case of the establishment mentioned tloy seemed altogether improbable, and as far as such a statement could be authoritatively met in London it received an unqualified contradiction. The Board of Trade returns for the past month were issued this morniiig, and it is te be apprehend]ed they niay for some time to come prove the last that will show a comparative increase iu our trade. Contrasted witlh the corresponding montlh of 185(i they exhibit an aigmentation in the declared value of our exports of 852,2031. Notwithstanding diminished shipments to India cottoin and cotton yarn figure for an increase. This, however, is in a great degree to be attributed to the advance in the price of the staple. The other most prominent items on the favourable side are machiinery, metals (with the exceptioni of copper), leather manufactures, and woollen goods. On the other side silks are the principal. The subjoined table shows the exact increase or decrease under each head:- The total of our exports for the first nine months of the year has been 95,735,5921., showing an increase of 10,828,9871., or about 12i per cent. The changes have occurred in the following manner:- Increase. Decreame. -Januay... ... ..1O 9 lebruN%ry ... ... . .. 1,5?Y7,2s9:3 ChILrel ... ... ... 1,007,778 April ... ... ... 560,918 May .. ... .. ... 2,648,904 *Twle ... ... ... ... :30,247 .ui..y. ,,. ,,, ,, 2,233,806 August ... ... ... S85 513 6eptenber ... ... S52,203 (Comp,ared with the corresponding nine months of 1855 the increase is 26,508,7551., or more than 38 per cent. Wyith regard to imported commodities the con. sul-option of articles of food and luxury has presented no material variation. Tea, coffee, sugar, spice8, and tobacco all show an increase. Wine and Llrit&again show a decrease, and also cocoa, from the effect of the advanced price. In wheat and flour the falling of is very large, although it ia still partially counterbalanced by considerable arrivalz of other grain. Subjoined are the quantities of provisions, &c., Imported and taken for home consumption:- The following are the comparative imports and exports of raw material, showing at length a decrease [ in silk:- The miqcellaneous imports have been on a full scale. Dyes and dyeing stuffs present an increase in most cases. Of metals of aU sorts except tin the arrivals have been large. Hides also show a great increase. In oils there has been a decrease in train and olive, and an increase in other sorts. Timber shows a slight increase, both in arrivals and consunmption. The rate of discount at Hamburg, which had receded to 8 per cent., has again advanced to 8l. It was reported to-day that the India Company had obtained a new advance, but it was only a repetition of facts knowvn some few days back. When they resolved to send 250,0001. to Calcutta by each of the inext two mails, to be followed perhaps by further amounts, they obtained the requisite sum upon Government securities from the London and Westminster Bank and other establishments. It is understood that even in the face of this measure they still consider themselves possessed of sufficient means, so far as they are at present advised, to meet all requirements up to the period of the reassembling of Parliament althoulgh of course this view may be modified at any time by the arrival of new despatches. The Government are about to send 50,0001. in silver to Hongkong by the mail of the 4th of November. The telegraphic news in anticipation of the next overland mail fromn India is expected to arrive about the 8th or 9th of next month. The Bombay mails arrived at Marseilles at 8 a.m. this mworning, and were despatched at 10 a.m. They will, therefore, arrive to-morrow evening, but probably not in time for delivery. Complaints are made of the delay in the transmission of Eniglish goods by the Royal West India mail steamers. It is alleged that the company allow French shippers a priority of space, and also waste much by sendinig out their own stores, which could be more cheaply despatched by sailing vessels. Goods intended for the Christmas markets are said to have been lying at Southampton for weeks, where they still remain with only a remote chance of being forwarded. The following statements from American railway companies whose stocks and bonds are largely held in England have been received by the Arabia " ILLINOIS CENMTAL. "The directors of the Illinois Central Rsilroad Company are under the painful necessity of announcing that, notwithstanding the most strenuous exertions to avert such a result, the company is forced to suspend payment. "The existing derangement in the financial affaits of the countrv surprised the company with a large floating debt incurred for the completion and equipment of the road. To provide for its payment when the usual credits became unavailable, an assessment of 10 dollars per share was promptly made, and upon this side of the Atlantic largely paid in advance, enabling the company to meet its engagements in September. The instalments upon the stock bold abroad have been in rapid pregress of payment, but the negotiation of the biUs of exchange drawn against them, difficult at first, has at length become impossible. "All other and usual modes of raising money are well linown to be entirely unavailable. It wonld b3 in vain at this time to call in another Instalment on the stock, as the same difficulties which prevent the realizing of the proceeds of the one Piready called, in season to meet the accruing obligations of the company, would attach to any other immediate assessment. - The directors have therefore yielded to the stern necessity of the case reluctantly, butwith a clear conviction that the true interests of both creditors and stockholders would be promoted by the legal steps which under the advice of able counscl, have been taken to secure their respective rights. |T '-hlie coupons due on the Construction Bonds, October 1, have been paid to a large extent, and a provision has been niade to receive the balance outstanding in pavmentof unpaid instalrnents, if desired by the holder. No serious inconvenience will probably result therefrom. All possible exertions will be used to pay off every liability without unnecessary delay, and to relieve the company from its present embarrassment. " As this has not arisen from any difficulties intrinsic in the enterprise, but from the extraordinary condition of the money-market, the directors see thereiu. no cause to abate the confidence they have heretofore felt and expressed in the value of the road and the lands of the company. "By order of the Board, "J. N. PERKINS, Treasurer. "New York, Oct. O." " NEW YORK CENTRAL. " General statement of the receipts for the financial year ending September 30, 1557, estimated in part for September- Groca receipte for paseugers .. 3 .. .. 3,147,0l4 17 freight .. .. .. .. 4,566,27s 63 r.lscollaneous .. .. .. 2,071 82 Total fcr year . $8,cos 67 Total In6. .. 7,707,34s 1S Inerease ..$. .. .. t2,l6 49 "The bonded debt of the company remains substantially the samie as stated in the report of last year. No new issue of bonds has been made. The sinking funds of the company are in the most satisfactory condition. That for the payment of the ( per cent. debt certificates or premium bonds is already G;32.000-in tnat amount, at par, of the bonds purchased for the fund, which bonds, n,, well as the coupons attached, are cancelled immediately after their purchase. "This amount much exceeds the calculations made as to the accumulation of the fund when the consolidation agreement under which the bonds were issued was executed. All the other sinking funds mentioned in the last annual report have also been kept up, and are in excellent con. dition. '- The company has no floating debt. It pays all its expenses for labour and most of its supplies monthly." The dividends are advertised on the Louisiana State Five per Cent. and Quebec City Six per Cent. Bond&.
BArLWAY AND MINING SHARES. Tuesday Evening. The railway-market opened at an advance, but afterwards relapsed, the depression continuing after regular hours. At 4 o'clock nearly all the larger descriptionb of stocks were quoted at a decline of us. to 103. Great Northern exceptionaUy show no alteration. Indian shares were in good demand. the news by the last mail having strengthened public confidence in these securities. In Oanadian no rnaterial variation occurred. French were generally better in the morning, but the improvement was not maintained, and they closed at a sligit reduction. Dutch-Rhenish fractionally advanced. Ia Arnerican securities there was a partial recovery in New York Central. Scarcely any business was done in mines; the closing quotations, however, show a nominal advance in East Basset and a decline in West Cacadon. Joint-stock banks were quiet, but rather flatter. In miscoelaneous securities there was considerable weakness, and a fall occurred in Mexican and South American, Canada, and SouthAustralianLand, and Royal Mail and Peninsular and Oriental Steam. Kenrt an Avo, ~ CANALS. Reuret and Axon, 6L Oxford. 10* Warwlok & NaDton, 10 Lelcester & NYpton, 13 Roohdale, So Worce5ter I BlxnL, 161 WATERWORKI. Berlin, 4* Southwark and Vaux- Lambbth, 95 Do., New, 2 hall, 89 BRIDGES. hnnee-ford, P. Vanxhall, 17} GASLIGHT AND COKE COMPANs. Brl;hton, 1 Imperial, 70 WestminsterChart.52 3 Equitable, 40 London PAr. Irt 20 Ditto, New, 10* i 0 Great Contral, 111 Phconnx, 47 LiNSIRANCOE COMlPANIlE Albion, 9J5 Cler.. Med., snd Gen. Indemniity Mar., 130 All]oie,lOr1t.&kPo:. 171 Life. 2P1 Law Life. 63 Do., Martne, 42 Eug. & S8o. Law LIfe, 4 Marine. 75 Atlas, 15' Globe. 86 5 7 Rock Life, 7n 8 7* Crown, 19* Guardian, 490 Royal Excb%ngo, 280
TRADE REPORT. Tnesday Evening. SUGIAR.-The sugar-market Is very flat to-day, and the public sale of 215 hhds. and five tierces Barbadoes was withdrawn, also 1,514 bags grainy Bengal, 400 dates, and 1,190native Madras. ()f 4 Obagslow yellow Benares, about 100 were disposed of at 38s. 6d. to 48s. Privatly 287 hhd. of West India have been sold, and also of Havana 750 boxes at 40s. to 42s., and 300 hhds. Cuba Muscovado at 40s. to 41s. per cwt. CoFrEE.-The sales of Ceylon went at about Is. per cwt. advance on last week's rates, viz. 61s. 6d. to 67a. 6d. for fine fine ordinary small to middling coloury; 360 casks and 320 barrels and bags plantation brought forward chiefly sold. At the close of last week a St. Domingo coffee cargo was sold floating at 55s. for the Mediterranean. lliCE.--No public sales; the market very oniet, and sales can only be effected at low rates. SALTPETRE.-600 bags Bombay were bought in at 40s., for 31 per cent, refraction. SAFFLOWER-111 bales Bengal were offered in public sale, and partly sold, at about 20s. per cwt. lower for mid. dling and good qualities; low and ordinary at the previous rates. Prices ranged from 131. to 181. for low to good. CASTOR OIL.-149 cases fine seconds sold at 6d. to 63d. per lb., being full prices. TALLow.-The market has been dull to-day, 56s. to 3d. is the price for the year, and 56s. 6d. to 9d. for the spring. LEAvTurB AND HmDx,s-Tbere has been an extremely small supply of fresh leather at Leadenhall to-day. An active demand prevailed for crops, English butts of all averages, light and medinm skins, and shaved hides at former quotations. lKips of all kinds continue in request, and offal and shoulders attracted more attnetion; but in foreig butte and horse-hides the sales were unimportant. Tbe Atdmiralty having advertized for tenders to supply 00,000 pairs of shoes impaFrted increased firmness to the market. The raw hide tr.de wzas much the same as last week.
THE CORN TBADE T.TVV'lPPlA- tb - The arrivals from Ireland and coaswie durlng the Dpat week have I een brge of oatmeal, but otberwise moderate. From foreln ports wIe have received 10,801 quarters of wheat, 7,113 quarten Indian r ro, and 4,739 barrels floutr, and from Canada 6,472 quarters of sbeat, oC0 acks and 5,162 brrela of flour. The exDorts In the same time compise ,31 quater of bea5268quarersof oatelh 1,817 quarters of ndian corn, 671 sacks and 57a5bs3elao'f efloaor. TheQ trade has beeo extrernely daUl and depre3sed since Tuesday last, and, iniluenced by the batet of the money.market, the bad news from America, and the apprehension that the French government will shortly allow the expo,-t of breadstuff. prlcea of ali artlese have evinced great weakoresa. The weather hae been unsettled, but, upon the whole, seaeon- At this dafs market there wem the usal attendance of the local trade. but very few rountry bnyers. Wheat and flour were Offered at a further decline of 3d, to 3d. Per 701b. and IS. per seok and bwrrl on Frlda)'e rates, naldng a decline of arto d. per 2 01b. and 2a. pr sack and barrel ou the week. ithout leadig to ornoe than a etetll boatness, Osts and oatmeai wrte in mvderate reuest at haout msi to ldbper quled and 6d. to Iso per load reduction on rates current on last . needay Barle, beaur, and peas wrto saloeble in retail s rather oumer prtle l ndlan owtn was in moderate request fot feeding, and as there was litt e offerins holden, were enabledt to maintain prlcesa, prime mixed AmerIcan bringing 385,, good Danube 37a. 9d. per quarter. We have had another very dull market, and wheat must beo qtoted S,. per quarter lower thau this day seennlghst. Barley he 15. per quarter cheaper. wD*h tho exception of dino qualities, whloh command late catea. Bea are is. per quarter lower, and oats 10 i r stone, AItUIVAL8 SINCER TBl DAY WWX. Wheat ., Beae ...... 21 Barley 872 Ripeseed .Z2 AVYntAGx PBICu ES wJB u XNDDzO Omr. 26. TBanastlcia ID tbo corn trade dnrlog the past wreek have been qoite of a reta i character, and the valne of wheat must he written Is. to 25., barley la,, and Qata Gd, per quarter lower titan this day se'nnight. Beans and pens rennain abont the samne. Flour Is. to 2s. per sack ch;eapegr.andto very limited demnand Butter very dult at still de To-Ays arkt asS EIEFFIELD. OCT. 27. To-daY's market was largely supplied with wheat, the greater part of very Inferior quality. The trade ruled dulL A 2ew samples of choice Fssex wheat fetched fully last week's prices, but othe- samplea were sold at a reduction ot Is. 6d. to 2. &d. per quarter. Barley Is. and oats 6d. per quarter lower. Beans easier to buy, but not quotably lower. Flour declned Id. per 14ib. Current pricps:-Red wheat, l6. toS 2s. Per load et three Imperial bushels. white ditto, 21a to 26s. ; beans, i9s. to 21s. peas. 48s. to O. per quarter; grind. tn.shasley, 34s. to 33r.; metinbg ditto, 43s. to4t6a* oata 2s. to 35. Ilileers'prrea folor, tisa. ltId.. %. Id., and 2r. 3d. per 14th. The hay-market uas overstocked, and hay declinedCi. 6 per ton. Prices were-Elay, 76a. to 95e. Per ton; wheat straw, 2Ss, to 35a.; oat etraw, 3iO. to SAs, ; turn-ips. lht to 12a. Cd. There was a fair showv of c>ttle, hut little busines done. Prices lower, except or incaivers and barren stock. Str.ong storepigs, 60a, to 7b .rhead; pork.7, l.d.tOls. 8d. astoue.
RAIL WAY INTELLrGENCB. GURRAT Tt%TA,rKr . The report of the directora of this company states that therecent unhappy events in Indi. had not affected the company's operations there down to the date o. the latest advices from Bombay, beyond the withdrawal for temporary employment in the Government service of the carts and labourers of the contractor on the Poonah line. During the past half-year the exertions of the contractors have conzinued to be giveu to the completion by the dates originally fixed of the portions of the railway in course of construe .ion upon the South-Eastern Extension between Campoolee and Sholapore. Upon the Bhore Ghht incline contract, however, the contractor has not secured throughout the seaon the services of as many labourers as were necessary, and the rock through which the long tunnel near Khhandalla is being driven h&s been found to beof a much harder nature than was supposed, thereby rendering the progress slower than bad been hoped for. Upon the contract fronm the summit of the Bhore Ghait to Poonah, and upon the next from Poonah to Sholapore, the progress made is reported by the chief resident engineer to have been satisfactory. On she north-eastern section from Wassind to the foot of the Thhall GhMt incline a commencement was made prior to the opening of the south-west monsoon, and the contractor for teat section as weU as the contractors for the Thui Gbit incline and for the portion from Egutpoora at the top of the GhMt to Bbosawnu in Candeish have made arrangements mor proceeding vigorou4ly with their operations on the openingof the fait season. The permanent way of the railway from Bombay to Campoolee and Wassind has been invariably kept in good working order, and the stations have boen thoroughly maintained. The second line of rails from Taunab to Callian, in order to oomplete a double track from Bombay to Callian, the point from which the extension hnes diverge, was opened for traffic in February. The revenue for the half-,ear from working the 88 miles of railway completed amountod to 33.6101., being an increase of 9,0551. on the receipts of the previous half-year, and the total expenditure was 14,6951., or 43-70 per cent., leaving a profit of 18,9151. to the credit of net revenue account. A table of the receipts and expenses during the last five halfrears show that for the half-year ending the 30th of nnse, 1885, the receipts on 35 miles then open amounted to 7,9321., the expenses to 6,4491., or 811S per cent., and the net profit to 1,4821. ; for the half-year ending the 31st of December, 1855, the receipts on 43 mtles amounted to 8,2521., the expenses to 9151., or 59-o per cent., and the net profit to 3,3381. ;for the half-year ending the 30th of June, 1856, the receipts on 60limiles amounted to 16,5721., the expenses to 7,7621., or 46-8 per cent., and the profits to 8,8104 ; for the half-year ending the 31st of December, 1856, the receipts on 88 mUes of railway amounted to 24,55l., the expenss to 9.6&71., or 39-3 per cent., and the net profit to 14,9084; and for the half-year ending the 30th of June, 1857, the receipts on 88 miles amounted to 33,610l, the expensesto 14,6951., or 1-370 per cent., and the net profit to 18,916l. The direotors suggest that the salary of the secretary, fixed at 700l. -year, should be deducted from the 2,0001. appropriated to the direc. tors, and that the remainder be divided among the members of the board. The capital account to the 30th of June shows that 3,348,995. hbad been received on shares and loans in England, and 325,9801. in Bombay-total, 3,674,9761. The expenditure in England amounted to 1,167,8201., including 643,7061. for stores, and 899,3071 in Bombay, maldng together 2,067,1271., leaving a balance of 1,607,8491. The revenue account showeed that 33,6101. had been received for the half-year ending the 30th of June, including 17,7281. for merchandise, and 14,6951. expended, leaving a balance of 18,9151,, which, adided to 37,216l., the net profit of former half-years, made a total of 56,131t. of net revenue paid into the treasury of the East India Company. HAWIOX AND CARLISLE On Saturday a public meeting, called by the magistrates in pursuance of a requiisition, was held at Hawick, to con- ider which of the two schemes presented to the public for the construetion of a line between Hawick and Carlisle would prove most advantageous to that town and district. About 2,000 persons attended. The promoters of both schemes had been invited, but only those interested in the North British scheme, viU Liddlesdale, accepted the invitation. A letter was read from the Earl of Minto, expreesing regret at his necessary absence, and saying,- I could have wisbed to add MY VOice t.D wht I concolve to bo the prevailing aentliuent of the country in support of the liddesdale line of ralway, and in opposition to auy chemne of communication with the taledonion Ooopan,, whose initerests are directly adverse to those of the nubli., Of RDxharghshfze " Lord Melgund sent an apology In similar terms. Mfr. HODGSON, chairmian of the North British Railway, addressed the meeting in a lengthened spoech, enlarging on the superior advantages of the LiddesdaIe over the Langholm and Canobie line promoted by the Caledonian REalway, particularly as opening a communication wlth a branch to be made by the Border Counties line, as well as with the lines to the west and south; as opening t% the Plashetts coalfield, which extended over an area of 4o to 48 square miles, or, allowing for what was called denudation, conined 24 square miles of a coalfield with three or four seams underlying each other; as also giving a rnling gradient of 1 in 80 instead of 1 in 70 as by the Lauigholm line. The Hon. J. E. ELLIOT, M.P., expressed his and his brother's (the Earl of Minto's) intention of supporting the North British scheme, remarking that, as this line would become a competing one with the Caledonian lne, the interest of the latter, if it were left in their hands, would be to block and not to encourage through traffic, Mr. WALTER WILSON movod a formal resolution, approving the line by Ltddlesdale in preference to that by Langholm, the meeting promising unitedly and energetically to promote it with all the infiuence they possessed. Mr. ROBERT MICHIs, in seconding the resolutlon, referred especiaUy to the importance of opening up a connexion with the Phshetts, where he said there was a 40 feet seam of coal, 57 square miles in extent, and one square mile of which would supply a ton and a-half of coal to every man woman, and child in Roxburghshire for 50 years (cheers) while in the one seaml alone thave was as much coal as would servo the whole of Roxburgbshire, giving a ton and a-half to every man, woman, and child for 2,815 years. A committee was appointed to co-operate with the towncouncil of Hawick in promoting the Liddesdale line. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Mue. Ps- Mer- Total, Total Railwavs, open. songes chandise. 1857. 156 Week endlng Oct. 24. 5 . £ £. Glargow and Souet-esVtern - .. 7,192 . 6,781 Week ending Oct. 2-. Kendal and Windormere - ,, 129 4z 47 176 . 214 Oreat Luxembourg . . 35 . - 1,019 791 North-London .. .. i - . - 2270 2,462
HOW RAILWAY ACOIDENTS HAPPEZ. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-If yov will allow a " commercial traveUer" a lit'le space in your valuable journal I may be enabled to prove how frequently accidents on railways are of the company's own seeking. Last night, the 25th, I took my ticket at Cambridge station for Ipswioh. The train was 30 minutes late at starting (although it has no train to wait arrival), for which delay no one seemed to know the reason. At some minutes after 7 we started, and arrived aU right at Newmarket. At the next station we were punled up and kept waiting 20 minutes to allow two goods trains to get on. At the next station we waited again, and so on, until we reached Haughley junction one hour and 30 minutes behind time. We were all congratulating ourselves that having changed trains we should be all right, but just as we had got up into good speed we were armed At running over three detonating fog signals and the train coming to a dead stop. "What is the matter, guard?" "Nearly run into yon fish train, Sir," was the consoling reply. We waited at Stowmarketto let that train get on, and then went along at " express rate" to Ipswich to "make up time," and after aU arrived one hour and 35 minutes behind time. Comment on the above i3 needless. I enclose a card of the house I represent, and am, Sir, Your most obedient rervant. H. W. TARLING. Ipswich, Oct. 26.
THE COLLISION OX THE SOUTH WALES RAILWA Y. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to a statement in your paper of Friday last, that I, being so fully conv)nced that a collision would occur, went to the top of a neighbouring hill to witness it, I beg to explain that after the departure of the down-train on the up-line I, being at Stormy, heard the message from Port Talbot, " The up-train has started ;" I was therefore convinced that a collision was inevitable, and when I went to the hill I found my fears were well-foundad, for I saw that the trains had come into contact. I deem it due to Mr. White to state that when the down-train left Stormy I had no reason to exnect that the up-train had left Port Talbot; but that It was not until the telegraph message was received, after the down-train had left, that my apprehensions led me to go to the top of the hill. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. CHAPMAN. ;z.Wrmy, uC. zq.
CA W1NPORE _IASSACRE. TO THEF EDITOR -OF THE~ TIMES. Sir,.-I the suggestion contaimeci in your correspondent's letter of the 25th for the erection of a church as a memiorial over tlle well at Cawupore should meet with public aPProval, I Will mnost gladly give my mite in aid of what I consider a most admirable object, if any one will undertake the collectioa of funds to carry it into effect. Youirs, &-c. S. i -... -s
THE HEALTH OF LONDON. (From the Registrar-General's Report.) The total number of deaths registered in London in the week that ended on Saturday, October 24, is 988. In the corresponding weeks of 10 previous yearis, 1847-56, the average number was 1,002. The same rate of mortality iL the present increased population would produce 1,101 deAth&; and a comparison of the real with the estimat result sho wS a difference in favour of last week to the extent of 114. While the population of the metropolis lost 988 lives last week the registration of births shows that 1,582 children were born, snfficieut to supply the places of the dead and to increase the nurnber of inhabitants by 59 L The deaths of 476 males and 512 females were registered. 231 boys and girls died before completing their first year; at the other extreu,e or life 26 men and women died who were 80 years old and upwards. Two aged persons, both widows, one in Paddiugton and the other in St, Luke's. attained the respective ages of 93 and 96 years. The deaths froml diarrhma, which numbered 79 in the first week of October, fell last week to 42, about the average of former years; of that number 27 occurred to children under five years of age. Six deaths froe cholera and choleraic diarrhcs3a were registered last week. At 19, Asylum-terrace, Chelsea, a boy, aged 11 months, died of "choleoa infanturn (62 hours)." At 10, Dake-street, Old Artillery-ground, Whitechapel, a boy, aged 6 years, died of " choleraic fever (14 days)." At 3, Nelson's-court, Limehouse, a boy, aged 9 months, died of "c holerine (7 days)." At 2, masthouse-place, MlIwall Poplar, a man, aged 77years, died of "Asiatic cholera (5 days), collapse (2 days), secondary fever (3 days)." At 8, AIdredstreet, Bermondsey, a man, aged 39 years, died of " choleraic diarrhcea;" and at llill-house, Gordon-road, Peckham, a girl, aged eight months, died of "choleralc diarrhoea." Typhus was fatal to 51 persons, 29 of whom were under 20 years of age; 21 children died of measlA, 50 of searlatins, and 27 of whoopingcough. At 17, George-terrace, Brookstreet, Upper Clapton, a man, aged 37 years, died of fever (3 weeks). The registrar adds, " This is the second death from typhus fever in Brook-street, and there are 8 or 9 other cases of fever." Last week the births of 814 boys and 768 girls-in all 1,582 childron-were registered in London. In the ten corresponding weeks of the years 1847-56 the average r umbe; was 1,475. The registrar of the West Ham sub-district, which adjoins London, reports -" No fresh case of cholera or of death has occurred in my distriot during the week." At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the raean height of the barometer in the week was 29.638 in. The highest reading was 29 -974 ia., which occurred on Saturday; the lowest was29.414 in., which occurred on Sunday. The mean temperature of the air was 61-5 deg., which is 2i7deg. above the average of the same week in 43 years (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The lowest temperature in the week was 42-7 deg. on Thursday. The wind was variable during the week; but the north-east winds prevailed. On Thursday the wind blew from the north and north-north-east, while heavy rain fell continuously during the whole day, making the total fall at 9 p.m. 2 57 in. The average annual fall of rain In London during the 17 years, 1840-56, was 24 in. ; consequently more than a tenth part of the average fall of rain in 365 days fell on Thursday last. The fall of rain on an acre was 58,140 gallons, or rather more by ,weight than 2.59 tons. As the area of the Lrndoa districts is 78,029 aores, the fall of rain on the whole surface, if the average rainfall be asasmed to be represented by the Greenwich observation, exceeded 20,000,000 tons, or 84,000,000 hogaheads. Now the question of the drainage of London is under consideration these facts will no doubt attract the attention of engineers,
STATE OF TRAVE. MANCEESTER, OcT. 27. The market has been in a very depressed state, and houses able to hold their own appear more anxious to secure money for wbat has already been parted with than to enter into new transactions. Those who are not in a position to hold, however, have a diuficulty in maksng sales except at a reduction. Yarns have been offered at a reduction of Ad. per lb. on last Tuesday's rates; in some cases at a greater sacrifice. Cloths may be reported 3d. to 4Ad. per piece cheaper. Beports have prevailed for some time affecting a large American house here,-Messrs. Thornton, Huggins, Ward, and Co.-but have been very generally discredited. The advces by the last two American malls, however, have been of a nature to place them in difficulties, and towards the close of last week they caed together their largest creditors for advice, and, after laying a statement before them, the meeting was adjourned to Monday. At this adjourned meeting yesterday it was thought advisable they should suspend payment and call a general meeting oi -reditors for Friday next. From what we can learn their affairs were in a very healthy state but for the American failures, and though1their liabilities are very large, they hold a large stock of goods to meet them with, besidesbills and other securities, which would leave a considerable surplus after discharging them. Upwards of half-L miUion of these bills and securitie; however, are American, and consequently next to valueless at prosent. A large portion of the securities, it is said, will tarn oat perfectly good if time can be given. Full particalars will probably not be known until after the meeting of Friday. Another small failure has also been announced in Manchester-that of Messrs. Charles Smith and Co., a firm in the muslin or Glasgow trade, who have been brought down by the stoppages in Glasgow. There are certain further unpleasant ramounrs concerning the stability of firms in that town, and it is believed here that the worst of the crisis is not over in Glasgow. It is said that a bank there, which bas suffered largely, wil have to wipe off nearly half-amillion of money in bad debts. The news sent here by telegraph from Liverpool, to the effect that the Borough Bank had closed its doors at 11 this morning, has excited much seasation, and it is expected that several large speculative houses (in cotton) will suspend payment to-morrow In that town, The telegraphic accounts from India to hand this morning, announcing the fall of Delhi, and an improved demand for imports have led to more inquiry for India goods, and offers have been made at higher prices than could have been obtained at any time during the last 10 days; but so far tbere has not been much business done. In other respects the mar-ket continues in the same gloomy state, and prices of aU kinds of goods are gradually declining. LEEDS, Ocr. 27. The cloth halls have been attended by but a few buyers this day, and very little cloth has been sold. Small parcels to make up stccks or cheap lots have comprised the chief tiansactions. The news from Delhi has been read with great interest, and if that from America had not been of a depressing character a slUghtly improved market might have b en one of the consequences. As it was, the market was a very inanimate one. EUDDEESFIEL:D, Ocr. 27. The market has been uniformly flat tbroughout the day. There are few buyers from a distance in. Little can be sold without a serious sacrifice. Wool steady in price, bat business scarcely moving.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMUES. Sir,-I chanced in your valuable paper to light upon an extract from Goaiqinani detailing the exploring labours of the Prussian brothers Sohlargentweil in Tartary. There Is an assertion In that account which, in justice to the missionanies of the 17th century, ought to be corrected-vyi, that these Prussians are the first Europeans who have penatrated the Yarkand. Now, I find in a recent work, C7histian i,; in China, &c., by AS. lluc, that A.D. 1603, in the mornth of Febraary, Benedict Gois, a Roman Catholie missionary, " a man who to great courage and energy united a perfect knowledge of the Indian languages," determined to try and settle that knotty medieval question, whether China and Cathay were one and the same country, and its capital, the Khanbalik of the hMongol Tartar, the same as tho present Pekin, by traveUing from Lahore to Pekin by land, following the direction of the Indian embassies which traveUed for commercial purposes to Cathay. After surviving most incredible hardships and sufferings, Father Goi3s reached the north of China, but was unable to reach Pekin, where the Jesuit Ricci was at the head of the Christian mission, snd in high favour with the Emperor of China, though he did, indeed, satisfactorily solve the questiorL before he was carried off by diseas b ght O by his perretual exp es and sufferings in the wiIds of Tart and Vhibtt. rln his journey st is expressly mnentioned that, "always confiding in the Divine mercy, he appeared armed with a superhuman courae and kept constantly'infrot of his companions. After unheard of efforts he at last had the good fortune to reachYarkand,the capital of Turkestan, and thence he immediately despatched horses and prvisions tonthedcaravan, wich rtetaotnisnarteodhyt this unfltooked for help, the intrepid missionary was waiting for thom. They arrived thee twars te ed o th mothof November, 1603, ten months aftter tdheoirf dheparturefromthe kingdom of If you think this worth insertion in your world-wide paper it is at your sernice, and i am vrn- I-t, C. A. F. hang's Kerswefl, Oct. 26.
NOI EL MODE OF BxaING A WXIFB TO RE-SOx. -A rather well-dressed artisan, named Thomas Dougls-, an engine oiler on the London and North.Western line, was placed in the dock and charged by police-constable 60S with having attempted to drown himself at the Prince's Pier-slip. The officer stated that he was greatly surprised, about half-past 1 o'clock that morning, on seeing a man deliterately walk down the slip into the water, and gently set himeelf afloat swimming. He swain about. saying he was going to drown himself if they wonld only let him alone. They threw him out a life-buoy, and the man clung to it, and was hauled ashore. He was quite sober, and he was taken to Bridewell. He stated (privately) that he was merely trying to bring his wife to reason-she was a regular termagant, and he thought nothing but the fear of losing him woulr. give her sense. They had just been baving a quarrel about the children, and, as she ws as headstrong as a post and would not listen to reason, he thought he would frighten her by jumping Into the river. He was a deeent swimmer, and he thought it better to do that than to hang himself. In answer to his worship the pri,oner said be would not repeat the experiment, and he was discharged.-Lircrvool Post.
LONDOZ?, WED2£ESDAY, OCTOBBR 29, 1857. The great news from India lardly seems to admit of analysis or discussion. Delhi, tho famous city and arsenal on wlhich all thoughts have been fixed for months, has fallen, and the rebellion of the epoys has received its deathblow. In presence of this great event everything else appears small and trifling. Although the intelligence by the present mail is fuller than usual, it scems dwarfed by the interest which attaches to this military exploit. Delhi was assaulted on the morning of the 14th of September. The attack was made in four columns, of which one, composed of the Cashmere Contingent, sent to our assistance by tllh late GROLAB Sr?roir, was repulf-3. The others, however, were succesqful. An entrance was effected at the Calhmere Gate, to the north of the city. An advanco was made along the ramparts to the Cabul Gate, on the north-west. Here we learn that the resistance of the mutineers was obstinate and our own loss severe. It was not intil the 1 (th that the magazine was stormed. On the 20th our troops took entire possession of the city. Our loss was 600 men, including 50 officers. Of the latter, the names of 6 are given as having been kiiled in the assault, and 4 in the operations preceding it. The slaughter among the mutineers was no doubt very great. A large number escaped over the bridge, and among them the King of DETLHI and his two sons, disguised in women's clotbes. It is to be hoped that by the next mail we shJall hear that these three miserable chiefs of the rebellion have been taken and executed. The loss to our troops has been indeed severe, but not more so than might be expected from the magnitude of the place, the desperation of the resistanrce, and the length of time over which the fighting extended. Thecasuallies among the officers have been particularly heavy. We will not attempt to condole with those who are bereaved on this sad occasion. Suffice it to say, that their sons, or brothers, or husbands have fallen in accomplishing one of the most brilliant exploits of our bistory, and in saving their country from by far the greatest calamity which has threatened it within otur timic. The effects of the capture of Delbi will be, no doubt, immediate and complete. The nock of the rebellion is indeed broken. The capital towards htchi the mutineers flocked from every quarter, the rendezvous to which they were evidently directed to repair, the chief city of the Mahomedan dynasty, and the residence of the mock King who had ruled in trembling state during the past four month,b is now in the povrer of the foreiga race whose expulion was the end and aim of this dark plot, the roots of which have struck so deep, and the seed of which has been so long sown. To the utmost extremities of India will the news be borne, how, after standing their ground for months against an overwhelming array of native forces, the dauntless islanders assaulted a city containing two or three times their number of enemies, and caried it after a stout resistance, destroying or driving out the army which held it, and se'ndlng the King to wander a fugitive until the certain hour of retribntion comes. The other news is of a checkered nature. First in interest is the fate of Lucknow. With regard to this place and its brave garrison we are happy to say that the intelligence is most favourable. General IAYmLOCK crossed the Ganges on the 19th of September, expecting to be joined almost immediately by General OuTRAm's force. letters had been received from Lucknow reporting that the garrison was in excellent spirits, and had repulsed an attack lon the 5th of September with great loss to the assailants. They had provisions sufficient to last them to October 1st, by which day they were pretty sure to be relieved by Generals HAVELOCK and OUTA1AM. The probable safety of this garrison and the women and children it defends will be received with as much pleasure as the more important news of the fall of Delhi and the continued quiet of the Bombay and Madras Presidencies. Since the horrors of Cawnpore the attention of everyone has been concentrated on Lucknow, and if any evil were to befal its defenders all the successes of our arms in other places would hardly seem to make amends. The fall of Delhi and the loss of the great arsenal there established has so completely crushed the ceances of the mutineers that we may hear almost with indifference of the sporadic outbreaks -which are reported from different quarters. In Scinde, which is occupied by Bombay regiments, there have been attempts at revolt at Kurrachee, on the seacoast, at Hyderabad, in the certre, and at Shikarpore, on the north, towards the Punjab. At the two latter places the mutineers were artillerymen, who seem especially predisposed to revolt, whether it be that they think that without artillery we shall be powerless, or that they are solicited beyond all others by the enemy, who know the value of the ann. However, in each case the disturbance was promptly suppressed, and as Scinde is an isolated region, and a wing of the 4th King's Own, arrived from Mauritius, had been despatched to Kurrachee, we may hope that there is an end of apprehension in that quarter. However, there can be no doubt that the whole of Central India for more than a thousand miles-in fact, from Joudpore on the west to Assam on the east, was at the time of the fall of Delhi in a very disturbed state. Rajpootana, which contains the most warlike race in India, with perhaps the exception of the Sikhs, was full of rebels. The Joudpore Legion, that model force, according to Colonel SyxEs, had defeated the RAJAU's regular troops, giving another instance of a force raised and paid by ourselves turning against us, while the private troops of the native Princes are stanch to our cause. General LAwaaENca had, however, attacked and defeated them, and was waiting at Beauw for the 89th Regiment and other Europeans, which had been despatchled by the Bombay Government to enable General ROB1iRTS to relieve him. Proceeding eastward, we have Malwa in a very disturbed state, and SCINDIA vainly endeavouring to restrain the Gwalior Contingent. As yet his chief occupation has been to watch oiur troops-the Contingent, with his own; but in spite of all his efforts they have set off with the mutineers from Mhow and Indore, were on the Chumbul by the 6th, and at the last accounts were at Dholepore, about 50 miles from Agra. The telegram from Calcutta states that they were expected to be at Agra bythe 18th, but as when this was written the assault and capture of Delhi was not known we may well believe that the Gwalior rebels will think better of the matter, and that the fall of the capital and the flight of the King will teach them a little discretion. There is, in fact, no intelligence which would warrant the supposition that Agra has been really endangered. The last news speaks only of tbe death of Mr. COLVIN, the LieutenantGovernor of the North-West Provinces, which took place on the 9th of September. Still proceeding eastward, we have the telegraphic communication with Benares cut off, as is supposed, by the mutineers of Ramgigmr, in Behar. The Dinapore niutineers had gone up the country to Nagode, whore they had persuaded the 50th Native Infantry to mutiny. One of the despatches speaks of Saugor and Jubbulpore in Bundelcund as being threatened by this gang, under the leadership of KooR SmroH. The most eastern point of tlhe disturbance coindcldes with the extreme limit of tlhe empire. Assam was threatened with an outbreak; Colonel HANNAY had intrenched himself, and the RAJAH had been appreherded. This was the state of things when the troops of General 'WiLsox and General NICnoOLSON assaulted Dellli. What the effect of this great event has been on the mutineer3 throughout the country we shall only learn by sacceeding mails. We may well expect that it will be the signal for their dispersion, and that when they find that the capital of Mahlomedan India is in our hands the mutiiiois cori)s wvill fall to pieces, or turn to ravaging and pillaging the country in desultory bands. WVith Delhi and Lucknow recovered, with the Punjab safe, and with troops arriving daily, we shall soon bo able to dispose of any bands which may infest Central India. But it cannot be denied that the fall of Delhi has not been an houir too early. The prolonged resistance of the rebels was, no doubt, beginning to give new courage to the restless spirits all through the country. The disaffection of the Bombay reginients in Scmnde, the proposed march of the Gwalior Contingent on Ap,ra, and of the Dinapore recels on Jubbulpore, show hovw daring the enemy had become. What else, indeed, could be expected ? Here were nearly 100,000 men in arms against us, or on the point of yielding to the temptation, and in the whole country, from the mouths of the Indus to the head waters of the Burhampooter, were only a few weak detachments of European troops. Except before Delhi there was not a column containing 2,000 effective men. It is, indeed, wonderful that our people have stood with firmness everywhere, and the sight has, no douibt, had its effect. T'heir heroism has not been lost, but it is evident that we could no longer have trusted to it for keeping the enemy in awe. Happily, from the 20th of September a new state of things commenced. All that has as yet been done has been without the aid of a single man direct from England. The Chbiese force has been diverted, the Mauritius and the Cape have sent regiments, and that is all. However, at the time that the present mail was despatched the long expected succours from home were beginning to arrive. The Belleisle was at Calcutta with the 93d Highlanders, which left England on the 1 th of June. The Thebes, which sailed on the 31st of July with part of the 38tlh Regiment, originially sent out to replace ai regimaent despatched from Ceylon, had ar- rived at Galle, and will, no doubt, be sent on to Calcutta. By the next mail we may expect to hear that several thousand English soldiers are in the country, and thenceforward everything becomes easy. The mutineers have now no stronghold; they are in the open, and must meet our troops in fair fight. The result cannot be doubtful. All that we have to fear now is that these desperate men wil form themselves into bands of robbers and plunder the country, eluding a contest with us wherever they can. Indeed, we must look to see robbery, murder, and incendiarism prevalent for many months to come. This is the most serious evil that still remains to be met. It must be met with swiftness and severity. On this point, however, we have our misgivings. Are the philanthropists of Calcutta to have their own way,-careless of the opinion of the Anglo-Indian community, and of the censures pronounced on them at home? We see that Mr. G. P. GBA'&, member of the Supreme Council, has just set at liberty 150 of the assassins of Cawnpore, who had been taken prisoners by General NElLL. If this sort of thing is to be permitted we may as well be warned at once. While the country for fifteen huindred miles is in a flamne the Government seizes the opportunity to issue proclamations which reflect on the humanity of its Generals and sends civilians to hamper them in their duties.
Next to the momentous incident of the fall of Delhi, and the actual readvance of our soldiers to the relief of Lucknow, the most prominent feature of the last intelligence from India is to be found in the continuous extension of mutiny through the ranks of the Bombay army. There can no longer exist any doubt as to the reality or comprehensiveness of the contagion. A combination of circumstances favourable to Government may certainly be discerned, as we shall presently explain, in the case before us; nor do we apprehend that the spirit of revolt in these provinces, even if .t should be still more decisively pronounced, will occasion any such terrible conrlicts or entail any such hideous catastrophes as in the larger Presidency. It remains, however, to be acknowledged,notwithstanding these grounds of assurance, that the Bombay regiments have been unquestionably infected, and that the plague has shown itself in the true Bengal type. To the two examples of military insurrection which had occurred in the southern territories of the Presidency, and to the tbree or four others which followed them in certain stations in Rajpootana, we have now to add three more reported from the province of Scinde. At Shiikarpore, in the upper districts of this province, at Kurrachee, its sonthern port, at Hyderabad, its capital, and at Ahmedabad also, the Bombay Sepoys either broke out in overt mutiny or were detected in plots devised with such an object. At Kurrachee the conspiracy, which was fortunately discovered, had been directed against the lives of the European inhabitants generally, and a wholesale massacre, as in Bengal, had been deliberately planned. At Ahmedabad a concerted revolt was crushed iu the bud before it could explode; at Hyderabad and Shikarpore the delinquents were found among the native artillerymen, but it does not yet exactly appear to what extent disaffection had been carried. Such a concurrence of outbreaks, however, either actual or intended, is sufficient to dispel that confidence witi which the disposition of the Bombay army was at one time regarded; nor can it be disguised that the mixture of races, the absence of caste prejudices, and the generally higher discipline attributed to this service, have proved ineffectual in securing the Sepoy from the contagion of revolt. If wo entertain few apprehensions of the result, it is less from a reliance on native fidelity than from a consideration of the advantages possessed by Government in encountering the emergency. To begin with, the Bombay army itself is comparatively weak in numbers-its strength certainly not reaching one-half, and perhaps scarcely exceeding one-third, of the forces maintained on the Bengal establishment. The territorial configuration of the Presidency, too, is admirably adapted to the prompt action of the central power, and troops can be thrown, by the aid of steam transport, into any disturbed dishtict at a very brief notice. Happily, too, the Government has had at its command something like the requisite force for this purpose, and is likely by this time to have been most effectually strengthened by the arrival of fresh succours. Already the 4th and the 33d had landed from the Mauritius; the 89th and part of the 95th from the Cape; while a glance at the list of reinforcements for India which we yesterday published will show that upwards of 2,000 soldiers sailed from these shores for the port of Kurrachee bet.veen the 15th and the 22d of July, and mnust now, therefore, have been full three months at sea. To these considerations we may add the evi0ent fact that the spirit of mutiny, though it has thus plainly declared itself in the Bombay ranks, and has even, as far as design goes, found its ordinary expression in murder, has certainly not yet seized these Sepoys with the same malignity which was displayed in Bengal. In every case, without exception, the mutineers have been put down, and it is probable that their discomfiture must have been due, at least in some inst2aces, to the loyal cooperation of their untainted brethren. On the whole, therefore, what with the strength of the authorities, the weakness of the army, and the partial manifestation of the disorder, we are inclined to look without distrust, even after the present tidings, to the progress of events in Bombay. To such results as we here anticipate we may hope, indeed, that tl?e fall of Delhi will in some degrce conduce. This stronghold of the insurgents has lheen stormed, and the main body of the mutineers has been beaten in its very citadel, without the aid of a single bayonet from England. If we except, indeed, tte les serious conflicts which probably still await tus in various provinces, we may say that the Government of India has proved itself competent to grapple with 100,000 armed revolters in possession of a richly stored and fortified arsenal without any assistance from the home Government. It is true that Oude still swarms with mutineers, and that the actual rescue of our countrymeu in Luchnow has not been positively announced; but, as we know that General OuTxAm had effected his junction with General HAvELOCK, and that their united forces had crossed the Ganges, and were on the march for Lucklnow at the ve2y moment that the storm and capture of Delhi must have been resounding through Hindostan, it is but reasonable, we trust, to hope that this exploit, as well as the recovery of the Mogul capital, has bee-i successfully accomplishcd, and that thus all the pitched battes bhtween the insurgents and the Government have been fought and won by the unaidcd strength of the latter. A more practical commentary on the fora)bodings of our contiuental critics could hardly [have been furnished. It is not to be pre-umed, however, that in thi fifth month of organized revolt even the faU o Delhi will terminate the Sepoy insurrection or inf sure :-rmcdiately the pacification of BindostanThis very mail biings us the intelligence that the mut;aeeers who escaped from Dinapore, and who have carried their arms to the service of au insurgent chiefta;e named KOOER SINGH, were menacing the stations of Saugor and Jubbulpore. 'We do not, indeed, anticipate very serious consequences from this moyement, but it ia evidence of the extesive action of the revolters, and a proof also of the advantage which we have gained from the general absorption hitherto of the insurgents in Delhi. To this city the Dinapore Sepoys had designed to betake themselves, and if they could have put their views in execution, Saugor and Jubbulpore would have been saved from trouble, while General WLasoN and his troops would probably have scarcely felt the accession to the ranks of their enemies. We need not, however, be at any loss for facts on which to found the concluisions above delineated. When we see battalions, as in the Punjab, actually disarmed, controlled by a force superior to their own, and surrounded by a hostile population, throwing their lives away nevertheless, under the influence of some irreeitible impulse towards mutiny and murder, it is clear that no limits can be put to the paroxysms of a fascination so overpowering. It would not, therefore, surprise us if fresh examples of revolt were announced even after every chance of success had been demolished by the effectual restoration of British ascendancy. These sporadic eruptions of mutiny do not appear to depend upon any prospects, or to be based upon any calculations. At times when they might be expected they fail to occur, and are reported at last when, according to all ordinary presumptions, they were no longer to be feared. Now, however, the season of danger appears really overpast. If we could hear definitely of the relief of Lucknow our apprehensions for our coumtrymen in India would be at an end. If the whole Bengal army, when confronted only by some 2,000 troops of the Government, could not so far prevail as to succeed anywhere, except against helpless captives, there can be little chance of peril when WILSON is at the head of 9,000 victorious soldiers in Delhi, when HIAVELoC: and OLTRA5t have 3,000 or 4,000 mnore in Oude, and when Sir COLIN CAiPBELLT is on the spot to take up and conduct to conquest the overwhelming reinforcements now due from England.
The importance of physical education must be quite clear when bothPYTrAGoRAs and Mr. GLADSTO.NE recommend it. 31r. GLADS.noxr, in his rpeech at the anniversary of the foundation of the Liverpool Collegiate Institution, stands up for this valuable principle. " There still remains," he says, " in some quartes a vulgar notion thatz "there is a natural antagonism between corporal "and mental excellence. I trust that corporal "education will never be forgotten ; that the "pursuits of manly sports will always receive the countenance and encouragement, not only of the "boys who engage in them, but of the masters who are responsible for the welfare of those "boys." One of the aurea dicta of the great philosopher just mentioned, we believe, recomnmends the same principle of care for the body. It was, indeed, a great point in ancient philosophy, the value it attached to the body and the proper training of it, the preservation of its health, strength, and all its proper powers. Ancient philosophy did not despise the body, did not l egard it as a mere husk or outside of human nature, or treat it as a despicable and absolutely vile thing; it regarded the body as a true part of human nature, deserving of proper deference, for the failure of which it was sure to retaliate fearfully upon the whole man. Hence the gymnastics of the Greeks, which were not only fostered by the boxers and 'wrestlers, the drill-sergeants and corporals of that day, but went on under the solemn sanction of sages. There is a distinetion between the tone of ancient and modern thought on this subject, and the ancient has certainly an advantage over the modern on this particular point-at least, over the modern before the latest improvements. It has been too much the fashion with uis to decry the body, to talk it dowr to speak scornfully of it in every possible way, to be always comparing it with the mind for the sola purpose of showing how vile and worthless it is in comparison-a mode of speaking which, even if it is true abstractedly, may be indulged in such a degree as to involve a practical untruth. Our didactic books have been full of the praises of midnight oil, all our oracles of learning have been vehement in favour of unsparing study, and the mind has been subjected to the most acute stimulants, while the body has been left to take care of itself as it can. Of coturse, the great mass of our school and university youth takes Oie law into its own hands under these circumstances, and adopts very effective measures against being goaded to suicidal study, but a certain p'oportion have responded to the whip, and responded but too eagerly. These have been the tactics, we say, of our modern masters of the schools and encouragers of learning-an unsparing use of the goad, a merciess appeal to student ambition ard emulation, as if it was impossible to stir up these motives too deeply. But how onesided is a discipline which applies this powerful, sharp, and penetrating stimulus to the mind, while it leaves the bciy to itself, or rather, what is worse, suppresses and flings aside the claims of the body, which has to fare as it can under the exclusive and oppressive dominion of its rival ! How partial is such system, and stperficial because partial ! After all our sublime abuise of the body, a body man has, and that body is part of himself, and if he is not fair to it, he himself will be the sufferer. The whole man, we say, will be the sufferer-not the coxporeal man only, but the intellectual man as well. Particular capacities may receive even a monstrous development by the use of an exclusive stimulus, but the reason and judgment of the man as a whole must be injured if one integral part of him is diseased. If the body is thoroughly out of condition, the mind will suffer; it may show a morbid enlargement of one or other faculty of it, but the directing principle-that which alone can apply any faculty or knowledge to a gocd purpose, can regulate its use and check its extravagancies-is weakened and reduced. How miserable is the spectacle of morbid learning, with its buri- d hoards, and its voracious, insatiable appetite for acquisition, united with the judgment of a child ! Such study does, in short, leave men children to all intents -icd purposes. We see chi'dren with remarkable memories and asquisitive powers, who know as much history, philo ophy, and poetry as would make a learned man, but who are not a bit the nearer being men in consequence, because they simply know by rote what they know,-they do not understand their own knowledge. This is to a considerable extent tha case with all morbid learning, w1here the general intelligence has not been cultivated,vhich general intelligence depends on the soundness and heaMh of the whole man, body and mind cc. The picture of a KlIaE WYITE dying at the age of 21 of nocturnal study, wet towels round heated temples, want of sleep, want of exercise, want of air, want of everything which Nature intended for the body, is not only melancholy because it is connected with an early death; it is melancholy also on account of tho certain effect which would have followed such a cou-se unchecked if he had lived. We see, when we look down the vista of such a life, an enfeebled and a prostrated man, very fit to be made a lion of, like a clever child, and to be patted on the head by patrons and patronesses of genius, but without the proper intellect and judgment of a ma'i. How sad even is the spectacle of that giant of German learninig, NEA.4SDER, lying his whole lengti oil thle foor amoDg his books, absorbing rev condite matter till the stupor of repletion comes over him, forgetful of time and place, not know. ing where he is, on the earth or in the moon, led like a child by his sister to his lecture-room when the lecture hour came, and led away home again when it is over I Is this humanity, we ask, as PnovrDEmcE designed us to be ? Is it legitimate, rational human nature? It can hardly be called so. It is against such an exhibition of human nature as this, which ancient philosophy very properly stigmatized in its precepts about the care due to the body, that Mfr. GLADSTONE has just read a lcsson to the Liverpool Inatitution. It is a very simple, but very weighty rule. We must not let the mind feed itself by the ruin of the body. The mind has no tight to this indlplgence, this diasipation, and whole-length abandonment to ita cravings, any more than the body has to sensual indulgence. This mental dram, the noxious stimulant which produces this overgrowth of mind, is as contrary to nature as the coarser stimulant which unduly excites the body. The mind should be a good, strong, healthy feeder, but not a glutton. We have no right to despise the body, or to speak of it only and exclusively as something which is vile in comparison with the mind. This language will lead astray. It wiU make ardent, ambitious student vouth neglect health, and abandon themselves to the process of acquisition at the cost of body, and ultimately of mind too. Do not use too unsparingly the motive of ambition in dealing with youth. It is a motive which is perfectly honest and natural within proper limits, but when pushed' to excess it produces a feeble, sickly, unmanly growth of character; it creates that whole brood of fantastic theorists, sentimentalists, and speculators which, in art, science, and theology alike, are the seducers and the corruptors of mankind.
COURT OIBRULAR. WINDSOR, Ocr. 27. The Queen and Prince Consort, with Prince Arthur and Princess Louisa, drove out yesterday afternoon, attended by Viscountess Jocelyn, the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, and the nerres in waiting. Elhe Rieht Ron. ' Vernon Smith and Mrs. Vernon Smith arrived on a visit, and had the honocr of dintng with Her lajesty in the evening. Major General the Hon. Charles and Mrs. Groy and Mr. Gibbs also had the hononrof being inivited. The band of the Scots Fasileer Guards performed during dinner:- Overture-" Emont. .eethovelL Valse ... .. .. ..an Aia-x Tiat" .VerdL March .Gng. HerMajesty's private band afterwards attended in the Castle and played the following compositions - Orerture-"' IA Villnella rapitlh .. .. ..Mozart. Selection-" A WinWS Tale" .. .. .. Hatton. Mac h-" Die Rulnen Von Asthen".D e.ethoe Fantasia-" RUk ian Mai0"W .. Hrdy. The Queen and Prince Consort, accompanied by the Prince of Wales and the Princess Royal, left the Castle this morning for the Wellington College, near Sandhurst.
UNrYBBSITY IrTELLrGENCo. OXROPTh) nc,- 97 The election of a Clinioal Professor by Convocation, to f*l the place of tho late Dr. Ogle, took place this day, be. tween the hours of 2 and 5. There was a large attendance of non-residents, and after three hours' polling the votes were declared to be- For Dr. Aclad ... ... ... 470 ,, Dr. Jackson .. ... ... 222 Mztjorlty .. ..248 The Boden Professor of Sauscrit (Mr. H. HL WiLeon) wil commence his lectures at the Clarendon on Monday, the 9th of November, at 2 o'clock. The Prelector of Natural Philosophy in Magdalon College (Dr. Daubeny) wull begin his catechetical lectures in the lecture-room contiguous to the Botanic-garden on Thursday, the 29th irst., at 12 o'clock. These lectures may he attended gratuitously by all undergraduate members of the University on application to the Prlector. The Pegius Professor of Miodern HIstory (E(r. H. H. Vaughan}proposes to deliver in the course of the pre,ent terma 'aylor Institution four publc lectures on "Certain Powers of the Crown as affected by Magna Charts." The days for these lectures will be announced The following notice has been published:- " At a meeting of the Hebdomadal Council, Monday, October 26, 1857, in the Delegates'-room, It was ordered,- "On ccount of the prevailing neglect of the academical dress both in the streets and in public assemblies on the part of the junior members of the University, thair atten. tion is caUed to the followin portion of the statute Dc restitu et hauitu tcholastico, 't. x. (xiv.), sect. 2. "Cumn propter remissiorem habitus Academici usum mnulta ao gravia incom noda Universitatiaccrescant, juniores omnium ordinum quoties in publicum prodennt justo babitu Academico induti incedant. Si quis vero in statu pupillari in hac parte deliquerit, vel penso literario vel mulctA, a Vfce-Canoellario vel Procuratorum altero vel a quovis ex eorum deputatis puniatur. Denique si quis post huj=smodi p(unam ter impositam in consimili delicto depre. uenaus erit, !uspendatur, sd ita Vice-Cancellario et Procnratoribus visum fuerit, a gradu quem ambit per unum terminum toties quoties, et libro nigro, sive registro Proctratorum, nomen ejus inseratur; vel aliqu& aliul pxn .coero atur ad eorum arbitrium InufigebdA." " And they are hereby warned that the penalties therein enacted wil be stnotly enforced. "tD. WILLIAMS, Vice-Chancellor." In the Convocation to be holden on Thursday next, the 29th inst., at 2 o'clock, it wil be proposed to grant from the Univeraity chest a sum not exceeding 1501. for books printed at the University Press for the library of Trinity CoUege, Toronto. In the same convocation the nomination of M. Friideredorff as German Teacher, M. Bu6 as French Teacher, and Count Aurelio Sasffl, as Italian Teacher, in the Taylor Institution, on their reappointment for the period o' five years b the curators of that foandation, wlli be submitted to the CAMBRIDGE, OcT. 27. The Council of the Senate have issued a report stating that, in compliance with the provisions of the 30th section of the Cambridge University Act, they have prepared a new statute for the three Regius Professorships of Divinity, H1ebrew, and Greek, In place of chapter 41 of the statutes of Trity College, by which those foundations are now governed. To this statute, so prepared, the Master and Fellows of Trinity have given their assent under their common seal. The proposed statute provides that the raid Professors shall hereafter be chosen and appointed by the Council of the Senate. Each of the three Professors so elected to receive from the Master and Fellows of Trinity College an annual stipend of 401., and to have commons and rooms in the college free of charge. The Professors to reside in the University within one mile and a-half of Great St. Mary's Cburch 1S weeks at least during term. Deputies to be allowed in case of sickness or old age, to be approved by the Senate. The new statute to come into force on the next vwacncy of e-ach Pro. fessorship, or earlier if the existing Professor decLares in vriting to the Vice-Chancellor his acceptance of the same. The Professor of Moral Philosophy wlbe glad if any gentlemen going out in the Moral Sciences Tripos for 1858 will call upon him ID Trinity College on Saturday, October the 31st, betweeu 11 and 1 o'clock. He purposes giving a few private lectures or preparatory examinations on the Moral Subjects of the Tripoe. The examination for the certificate of the Professor of History will take place on Friday, October the 30th, at 10 o'clock, in the Senate-house.
The Chaucellor of the Exchequer acknowledges | the receipt of a post-office order for 21. 5s. 6d., ncome-tax omitted to be accounted for, from ".M. D." The Board of Inland Re-venue acknowledge the receipt of three halves of Bank of England notes for 501., 101., and 51., from " A. D. Q.," for incometax on foreign property. ARRIVAL )OF TME SIAMESE EMBASSY.-PORT.9MfOUTI. Tuesday night.-(By Electric and International Telegraph).-fler Mi3jesty's steam despatch yacbt Caradoc, Lieutenant Clavering commanding, anbchored at Spithead this eveDing at five miinutes past 9 o'clock from Alexandria, I with the Siamese Ambassadors on board. Heavy weather,ard betng compeUed in consequence to lay to and bear up, has been the cause of their non-arrival at the time anticipated, several days since. Their Hi hnesses will remain on board the Caradoc to rlght, and land in the morning under Royal honoors. There are three Ambassadors and 25 in auite. A SOLITT.RY VOYAGE.-On Friday afternoon a hoat was seen to run for the shore near Cow Gap, between Holywell station and Beachy Head, Eastbourne. It turned out to be the La Rosa, of Havre, with bnt one man in it, the owner, who had been to Lymington, Haute, to fetch it, it having been stolen according to his account and taken to LyminG ton. He went to Yarmouth, Isle of Wi t, for ballast, toence he sailed on tbe 19th inst., einking to make Havre, but the wind was contrary, and, after beating about for some time and not making way, being exhausted from four sleepless nights, he ran for th shore, as described above, but entirely ignorant of his Iw ereabouts. The Coastguards, under Lieutenant Pratt's direction, paid him every attention. The poor feUow's name is Lamoy Jetn Franqois Charpentier, and not being able to converse in English he felt at a lose, but the kindness of the Yarmouth Coastguard officer has prevented the neoessity of explanations, he haviog written what he knew and given it to him. The poor man is bent, if possible, on sailing for Havre, but es yet cannot get off, and there is some danqer of the boat being knocked to pieces. The agent of the Shpvwrecked Mariners' Society has dono what he can to prevent the man suffering from hunger or loss of rest. The.boat is large for one man to handle, ebpecially in rough U5shex,- i.stx Add rriicjr.
AMERICA. (BY ZxI oIC AND INarf1 noTION TELBOXAPH.) LIVERPOOL, WED1IfDAY MORIeO, The Liverpool, New York, and Philadelphia Screw Steamship Cornpany'm steamer City of Washington has arrived, with advices from New Yorlk to the 15th inst. On the 16th inst. the City of Washington signalled the ship Jacob A. Westerbelt, bound west; and the Royal Mail steamship Asi, hence for New. York; and on the 24th, at 7 20 a.m., signalled the ship Wandsworth, boilud east. A deapatch from Washington says:- " It is not true, as stated, that the Government of Nlcaragna have recognized and agreed to the details of the treaty with that Republic adopted at a CAbinet meeting. The question is still under consideration. Yrissari, the Minister of Nicaragua, has left for New York. The statement that Lord Napier had given orders to the British squadron in the Gulf to arrest the Filibusters is wholly untrue." There had been some rioting at Baltimore. The Nev.ew York Courier and Rn quirer of the 15th says:- " The community seem to acquiesce in the conclusion arrived at by the banks last evening, to suspend specie pay., ments for the present, Business among these institutions was generally going on this morning as usual, except that specie was refused in large sums. The North River Bank has not yet resumed buEiness, but proposes to do so to-morrow. The Ocean Bank is in the hands of a receiver, but will probably resume operttions during the week. The other banks in Greenwich-street-viz., the MerchanWs Exchange, the NewYork Exobange, and the Irving Bank-are receiving deposits and paying checks as before. A notice to the following effect was posted up in several banks:- " ' The business of the banks viU be transacted exaetly as heret'ofore, with the exception of paying specle. Checks wil be received on deposit and on the payment of notes, and bauknotes will be paid and received as usuaL' " The Mf etiopolitan Bank has the following placarded Gn the railings:- " ' MxTROPOLITrA1 BENK. "'This Bank wil receive on deposit at par notes of banks in the State of New York secured in the banking department of this State, sud also the biUls of such safety fund banks as may be designated, and will pay checks drawn against such deposits in similar currency.' " The American Exchange Bank, the Bank of the Com. monwealth, and a few others have adopted a similar course, and others are deliberating whether to come into the measure. The effect of this will be to keep the country bills at par in this city for ordinary businems transactions, instead of forcing them home for redemption, as heretofore. A. B. Hays, cashier, has been appointed receiver of the North River Bank. Mr. Randolph Martin, president of the Ocean Bank, was appointed receiver of that institution on application to Judge Peabody. The Chymical Bank, it is understood, is the only one that continues soecie payments; but It is obvious that this can be done for a sbort time only, and if the bank restricts its business to merely gold and ailver its operations wil be very light. The ezchanges are in a worse condition to-day than before. The brokers are at a loss what to charge for checks on Dosi9a, Philadelphia, New Orleans, and other cities. The only offer we ohave heard of to-day waS3 6A. discount. Gold is norninally 6 to 8 to 10 per cent. premium-6 for large sums, cnt 8 to 10 for small amounts. " The Clearing-house will have another meeting this evening to consult upon and to decide upon the mode of settlement. " To-day the balances between the banks were called for in specie, but to persist in this mode of settlement would only serve to maintain a course of contraction in loars. The small banks under tbis rule would be afraid to expand, or bring themselves in debt to the stronger ones. No relief had been looked for by the community under this process. "A more equitable, a more beneficial one, wonld be to extend their loans 3 to 5 per cent., and fix upon a max;m .rL for the aggregates ; otberwise, the merchants will be as much at a loss as before for funds to meet their engagements. "W We learn by telegraph that the banks at Boston, Portland, Hartford, Albany, and other important places have followed the example of New York in the suspension of specie payments. " The Charltsion Zlcv's confirms the report of the suspension of the Bank at Augusta. "The sub-Treasuy is so depleted by the redemption of Government stocks, that the Secretary of the Teasury gives notice he will redeem no more at present. The price in the market will therefore probably decline 112 to 115. The Custom-house duties at all the seaports had declined so materially that the general Goveinment will probably not have funds enough for the fiscal operations of the year. The reduction of duties for the current year will probably be $20,0(0,000. The operations of the Clearing-house to-day were 518,000,537 against an average daily balance in the spring of $25,000,000. It Nrillbe perceived that an impetus has been given to the stock-market by the changes in the currency. New York Central advanced to-day 6 per cent. ; Erie, 2j ; Reading, .N; hMichigan Cen. tral, 6; Cleveland and Toledo, 3 ; Galena and Chicag, 9; New York State Five per Cent. brought 88 to (a); Missouri Sixes improved 6; llinois Central Bonds,,S Delaware and Hudson Canal, 5." The Newv YIork Jcurnol of Commerce says " Foreign exchange has materiaUy advanced, sales of bills on London were made as high as 108, but this is an extreme rate, while there is a large amount of second-class bills offering." The New York Times says " The foreign exchanges had scarcely time to act under the new order of things before the Arabia sailed for LiverpooL The rates advanced at 5 per cent. Last evening the Associ%ted Banks adopted the New York State currencycountry and city-as current funds in all general banking transactions-an arrangement vhich wil greatly mitigate the inconveniences of the saspension. All the city banks which broke down early in the day yesterday, including th e Ocean, were restored to regular business. "A telegraphic report from Boston, that Little, .Uden, and Co., who have a branch house of very extersive business here, had stopped payment, wants confirmation. '4 The merchants of New York, in public meeting acseimbled, had resolved that it was their duty to aid the hban-l by every means, and expressed every confidence in their stability. "The decision of the Governor of the State respecting the suspension of the New York banks was expected so Ce given on the day the steamner sailed. " Skinner and Co., Boston, had called upon their creditors to have their paper renewed for six months from its maturity, receiving interest for the extension in advance. The assets of the firm, it is said, exceeded their liability U1,000,000. "he finn of Jahowe and Co. had done the same. T_e committee of Boston bankers had resolved unanimously that the present system of daily settlement between the banks in the Clearing-house shall to) continued under such modiGicstionsas the Clearing-house Committee shall deem advisahle. That there shall be a return to specie payment at as early a period as possible. " The Massachusetts Bank, the only one refusing to join in the suspension, had declared its intention to continue soecie payments permanentl "TLe suspension at New IBdord, Hartford, Fairhvecr, Augusta, Worcester, Portland, Manchester, }'e:ersburg, Lawrenc a, Methuen, Bangor. Trenton, Brooklyn, and AUbany announced. The Pacific lills Cororation at Lav;ren-e is reported suspended. At New 0 reans the T uisvilleCentralBan kiannounced to have suspended, also J. L Johnson and Co." An Albany paper says "'We understand the auditor of the Canal Department has made arrangements with the different banks holding the canal funds, vhereby the checks of the forwarders are taken, the banks taking the bilse of lading as security. By this means the checks will be forwarded by the different banks taking them to the p.ints of destination ; and upon payment the cargoes can be discharged,-thus moving the produce east without delay, and forwarders save the length of time of the trip." There was an improved feeling in cotton, and prices were unsettled. Prices of common branms cf breadshtffs had advanced loc. to 15c. per barrel, under the feeling of relief from pressure vwhich has followed the bank suspension ; but buyers did not meet this advance readily, and, although there was a good demand, not much was done fcr export. The offerings of wheat were light, and there was a demand for prime parcels for export. An advance of 3c. to 5c. was us- some cases obtain.ed. Corn advanced lc. to 2c. per bushel and clcsed firm. Provisions continued dull, and nothing but a fewv parcels were sold at irregular prices. Freights to Liverpool firmer.
DFATII OF TIIE BcsHor or Avrcir.7.--We resZret to announce the death of the Right Rev. DAniel Gate -ward Davis, D.D., Bishop of Antigua, wbo expired suddenly, from a disease of the heart, at his Tesidence, 2, Bryanstone. street, Portman-square, on Sunday last. Dr. lDavis was educated at Pembroko College, O)xford, where he graduated in 1814, and after filliDg various otfces in the church ct home, was, with four other colonial bishops, consecrated in V estminster Abbey in 1842, by the lat IBish-p of London acting under a commission fromi tho Archbishop of Canter' bury. The diocess which becomes vacant by the death of Dr. Davis, wbo was on a temportry visit to this Oountrv on episcopal business, is worth 2,C00h a.year, granted froai 'h, consohdated fond, and is, of course, in the gift of the Crown. It is in extent 751 square miles, with a kopu1alm4,iu of 105,000. It comprises Antipna, N evis, St. ('hristopber's, .Moorserrat, t\e *rg iuan lndb, and Doinjoja1UD ¶J$ 1 Bishop had just attKdaed his 7fOh year,
INDIA. 'Tha followitg appeared EI our third edition of yes. The following telegram was received at the V'oreign-office (through the Commissioners for the Affairs of India) on the 27th October, at 10.30 "THE FALL OF DELHI. "Delhi was assaulted on the morning of September ,the 14th, and the northern part of the city taken. 'On the 16th the magazine was stormed; and on the 20th the whole city was ocenpied. The King and his sons escaped, disguised as women. The attack on the 14th was made with four columns, one of which, composed of the Cashmere Contingent, was repulsed; the other columns were successfil. An entrance was first effected at the Cashmare-gate. An advance was then made along the ramparts to the main bastion and Cabulgate. The resistance was very obstinate, and our loss was computed at 600 killed and wounded, including 50) otlicers. "The foUowing names have been received :*Major Jacob, 1st Fusileers; Captain BIarnett, 55th Native Infantry; Lieutenant Tandy, Engineers; Lieutenant Fitzgerald, 75th Foot; Lieutenant Bradshaw, 62d Foot; Lieutenant Mlurray, Guide Corps -killed. Brigadier-General Nicholson, Lieutenant Nicholson, Scotch Regiment; Greathed, Engineers; Mansell, Engineers; Chesney,Engineers; Salkeld, Engineers; Brownlow, Engineers; Hovendon,Engineers; Medley, Engineers; Waters, GOth Rifles; Curtis, 60th Rifles; Capta;n Rosaer, C.rabineers; Captain Anson, Aidle-do-Camp; Baynes, 8th Foot ; Rvossers, 5th Foot; GreviUe, 1st Fusileers; Weemyss, 1st Fusileers ; Owen, Ist Fusilsers ; Reid, Sirmoor Bat. talHon; Boisragon, Kumaon Battalion; Humphreys, 4th Punjab Infantry; Pemberton, Sappers; Gittavansh, Sappers; Cuppage, (ith Cavalry; Bayley, 52d Foot ; Atkinson, 52d Foot ; Shibbruns,Guides; Graydon, 16th Grenadiers ; Speke, 65th Native Infantry; Lambert, 1st Fusileers ; Gambri, 38th Native Infantry; Hay, 60th Native Infantry; Prior, 1st Punjab Infantry, wounded. " In the operations preceding th e assault the fol. lowing casualties occurred :-Captain Fagan, Artillery; Lieutenant Hildebrand, ditto; Lieutenant Bannerman, Bombay army; Arth. Belooch, Gthkilled. Major Campbell, Artillery; Captain Earle, Artillery; Lieutenant Lockhart, Artillery; Captain Chemuller, 73d Foot-wounded. " Tn the lists received the rank of the officers has generally not been mentioned. " CA WNPORE AND LlCKNOW. "The garrison and Lucknow still hold out, and General Hlavelock had recrossed the Ganges on Sept. 19), expecting almost imnmiediately to be joined -by General Outram's force. A detachment of the latter force, under Major Vincent Eyre, had, on Sept. 11, with the greatest gallantry, defeated a party of the enemy which had crossed from the Oude side of the Ganges for the purpose of harassing the advance of General Outrain. "All continues quiet in the Punjjab. " AGRA. "The Hon. J. R. Colvin, LiCeutenant-Governor of the North-Western Proviuces, died at Agra on the 9th of September. 'SA1UGttR AND NERBUIID)A TRRKITORIES. " The 52d Bengal Native Infantry f[nutinied ?2 on Sept. 1S, and deserted in a body, doi ng no injury to their officers. "The Banda insurgents have seized Nagode, and bave been joined by the 50th 13engal Native Infantry. " RAJPOOTANA. " The mutineers of the J oudpore Legion defeated the Rajah of Joudpore's troops, killing the General and taking three guns, on the !th of September; they then joined the rebellious Thakoor of Arrab. " General Lawrence proceedled, on the 18th September, with a detachment fromn Behar, and attacked tile rebels. He compelled them to take refuge in the town of Gaya, but found the place too strong for an assault to be risked, and accordingly full bkck oni Behar. " Captain Monck Mason, the Political Agent in Joudpore. was hilled in endelvouring to join General Lawrence's force. "The Bombay Government has sent up Her Majesty's 89th Regiment, and other European troops, to the Northern Division, to enable General Roberts to reinforce General Lawrence. LNDORR AND GWALIOR. " Malwa is still in a disturbed state, but nothing worthy of noto has occurred. In Gwalior, Scindia is stated to be raising a force of lh, (10) men for the purpose of intercepting the fugitives froni Delhi. A portion of the Mhow and Indore rebels are reported to have crossed the Chumbul. " SCINIE. "The company of Native Artilleiy at Hyderabad. having heen suspected of dis a ffection, was disarmed vn the ith of September, and the guns secured. "The 21st Native Infantry at l'urrachee was disarmed onl the 13th of September, information having been given by two native oflicers of an intended outbreak. Conspiracy is believed to have been conlliined to a few men. Twenty-five deserted, but have h'een almost all taken andcl executedX " At Shikarpore, on the 21st of Septemnber, a Subadar and a Havildar of the 1Gth Native Infantry were arrested oll suspicion of plottiDg a rising In that regiment. On the night of the 23d of Septenmber, 11 nmen of the Native Company of artillery seized the gun3; they were not joined by others, and the guns were retaken by a company of 16th Native Infantry, the rest of the Artilleiy Cornpany, aud the police; four of the mutineers were killed, and the rest got away in the dark. " The Bombay Government has sent a wling of the 4th Foot, just arrived fromn the MIauritins, to Kurrachee. The Commissioner in Scinde had prAe- vbously sent detachments of his very smaall European garrison from Kurrachee to l-lyderabad and Shikar- pore. Khelat is in a very disturbed state. All is quiet throughout the Bombay Presidency and dominions. All is quiet in the Nizaln's country. In consequenceof the mutinies at Jubbulpore theCom. missioner in Nagpore has applied to the Resident at Hyderabad for some squadrons of the 16th Lancers; the Resident has complied with the reqiuisition, and has been reinforced by some squadrons of the 3d Madras Cavalry from Sholaporo. " MADRAS. " All is quiet just now in the Madras Presidency. " H. L. .NDERSON, Sec:etary to Government. " Bombay Castle, Oct. 3, 1S b 7."
The following telegram has been received at the India Board:- " (From Secretary to Government, Calcutta, Sep- tember 24th.) " BENGAL AND BEHAIL. " Telegraphic communication between Dehree ' Some of these namnes are marnifestly mi.srpelt. We cannot, however, undertake the r4sponeDij.i,ty of correcting I he Guom.ent telegr2aT e r'nd Beuares intei rnpted since the 20th inst., suppozed by mutineers of Ramghur battalions. Captain Rattray, with Bengal Sikh Police, at Dehree, on the 21st, and Colonel Fisher expected on the 22d. The Rewah Rajah fled to a bill fort, alarmed by reported approach of Dinapore mutineers, and warned Political Agent he could not protect him, who, however, did not leave the territory, as they never appeared. Dinapore mutineers got to Nagode; 50th Native Infantry, cantoned there, mutinied. Officers believed safe. " HAVELOCK'S COLUMN, LUCKNOW. "The combined force, under General Outram, crossed the Ganges from Cawnpore into Oude on the 19th, without opposition. News from Lucknow to the 16th. Garrison in good heart, and provisioned to October 1, when Outram will have reached. " DELHI. "Latest intelli,ence to Sept. 5. Siege-train arived. Asault expected about the 15th. Fever prevalent among troops. Fresh overtures from Palace rejected. The Kina in consternation. Dissensions in city rife. " AGRA, GWALIOR. "News from Agra to 12th September. Mr. Colvin died on the 9th; Colonel Fraser, of Engineers, appointed Chief Commissioner. All well inFort, but attack expected from Gwalior. "I NNDORE AND MEOW. "Mutineers, notwithstanding Scindia's opposition, moved off to be on the Chumbul on the 6th; were at Dholepore by last accounts. Mutineers of Gwalior Contingent expected to march on Agra on the 18th. " NATIVE STATES. "A Shahzadar collected many thousand fooUowers at Mundisore for King of Delhi. Post of Dhar seized by Mlahomedans in Rajah's Lervice, and Rutlam believed to be taken. Western Mylalwa consequently disturbed. Colonel Durand stiU at Mhow. Everything else in Central India Agency in statt, quo. In Rajpootana Agency tranquillity disturbed by mutiny of Joudpore Legion. Captain Mason imoving on mutineers with two guns and 2,000 men. Escape difflcalt. Rao of Sirohi giving hearty aid. The Bheels with us. ",PIUNJAB. "AAU quiet;; and in Cis-Sutlej to the 27thAugust."
INDIA AND CHINA. TtIE CALCUTTA MAIL. [The following appeared In our second edition of yesterday:-l (BY SUBMARINE AyD BRITISH TELEG1AIH.) We have recelved the subjoined telegram from our Marseilles correspondent. It contains some additional particulars. It was forwarded to Marseillea by our correspondent at Alexandria:- " ALEXANDRIA, Ocr. 19, "The Calcutta and China mails arrived at Suez on Saturday, the .7th, by the Nubia, and leave this morning per French steamer. "Delhi was stormed on the 14th of September. "The troops entered the breach near the Cashmere-gate, and, advancing along the ramparts, possessed themselves of the Moore Bastion and Cabulgate, the church, and college. " The resistance was very obstinate, and our loas severe, but the guns were turned on the enemy, who were retreating over the bridge. A la-ge niumber of the inutineers, including cavalry, had escaped from the city. "The above is from Calcutta. "The Pekin, whlich had reached Aden, brings, it is stated, later intelligence vid Bombay, according, to which Delhi was wholly occupied by our troops. "General Outram had reached Cawnpore. The garrison of Lucknow was expected to be relieved in a few days. " Mr. Colvin died a.t Agra on the 9th of September. "A body of insurgents, who were threatening Gaya, had been dispersed by a small force, chiefly composed of Sikhs, under Major Bartray. The rebels had, however, crossed the river in his rear, and, reaching the town in tho evening, had liberated the prisoners from the gaol, and took their departiure next morning. A small number of Europeans who were intrenched in a bungalow were not molested. " Fears were entertained of a new outbreak in Assam. A conspiracy to restore the ex-Rajah had been detected. Colonel Hannay had intrenched himself with his Ghoerkas at Debromghur [?]. The Rajah was in custody. " There has been an encounter between a body of 20)0 Santhals and a party of Sikhs, under Lieutenant Graham, near Hazarubagh (?J. The Santhals were speedily dispersed. " 150 prisoners, taken by General Neill at Cavwnpore, are said to have been liberated by Mr. G. P. Grant. The leniency of the Government has been loudly condemned. " The Jlhtrkaru,*, newspaper has been stopped, but the license restored a'ter the lapse of a week. CHer Majesty's sliip Sanspareil was anchored at Calcutta, off the fort. " The Belleisle had arrived at Calcutta, with the O.3d Highlanders. The steamer Madras, with the 3d Light Infantry, from the Cape, reached Galle on the 25th of September. Also, on the 3d of October, the Thebes, with part of the 38th Regiment, from England. " The dates of intelligence are-Calcutta, the 25th September; Madras, 13th; Ceylon, 3d October; Aden, 12th; Hongkong, 10th September; and Singapore, 19th. " Her Majesty's ship Furious and two gunboats had arrived atSingapore. Ten other gunboats were hourly expected. " At Calcutta the produce market continued unaltered. There was some improvement in the demand for imports. The money-market was still very tight. Four per Cents., 28 to 29; Fives, 13 to14 per cent. " Exchange closed at 2s. 3id. for credit. " Freights were dull. "At Madras prices of exports were generally high. The import market was steady. " Government securities had experienced a further fall, but the money-market was easy. Exchange 2s. 2id. for scrip. " CHINA. "The blockade of Canton River is strictly ezforced. Several junks, attempting to bseak it, have been captured. " Prices of tea centinue to eAvance. The deczwae in exports to Great Britain is $80\9,0ilb. "Exchange at. J{ongkong, 4s. 9 d. to 4s. 10d,; Shanghai, 5th oi September, 6,.. 83d to 6s. 9d'
We have 'een favoureZ with ihe fo]1o-iDg from the PernduuO and Orienbal, Stesihip (]Opanny - " TUESDAY, Ocr. 27. "The French steamship Mersey anived at Mar seilles, v; ith the Calcutt" and Cbina mails, last evenirlg. "r Te mails to leave for London at 10 p.m." I ;>;£Q.rOoT.) Oct. °7.-The Royal mail steamship Ars Dl, SjtoDe, Cm aLder, sails hence 'for New York on Ss Alrday ne,t, the to. ufflce in T.iverpool remaining open Jt 3e~r )era anld ]>apere iwnl 6i.24 a.nI., vIth a late fee &t *,30 a.ni., slid aS tLe alxfib g.,t-s,;e aN & jul.
IRELAND. I (FROM OUR OWN CORRE"ONDiT. ) DUBLIN, TUESDAY MORNUXG THE PRIESTS AND TIE RELIEF FUND. The people of the county of Carlow met yesterday for the purpose of alding the great measure now in progress for the relief of the Indian sufferers. The attendance was respectable, and all went smoothly until the harmony was broken by the dissent to one of the resolutions by a Roman Catholc parish priest, the renowned Father Maher. The report says "The rev. gentlemaa commenced by observing that the object for which tne meeting was caUed-namely, that of relieving the distressed-met his hearty concurrence. After referri. g to matters of a local nature, he launehed forth against the manner in which the Patriotic Fund had been distribated, it having, be alleged, been in a great measure appropriated for proselytizing purposes. (Confusion.) When such a perversion of the intention of the donors took place, how could it be expected that the Roman Catholis of this country would give one penny for such purposes? The governmnent of India by the English was most digracef al, their object being to get as much money as possible out of the _ouutry and give notbn in return. She (England) had done nothing towards Christianising India, she rather encouraged the people of that land to remain in darkness and idolatry, fromn which she drew large revenues. The Protestants in India were treated far better than their Roman Catholic brethren. While ministers of the former religion were liberally provided for, those professing the Catholic faith received nothing. Having indulped at great leugth in this strain, the rev. padre concluded by moviDg an amendmzent to the resolution to the effect that a guarantee should be given that the funds collected should be impartially distributed to Roman Catholics as well as Protestants. "D Dr. White, a Roman Catholic gentleman, regretted that the Rev. Mr. Maher should have thought fit to disturb the unanimity of the meeting by moviog an amendment. There was no doubt but that the Roman Catholics of thin country had occasion to complain of the partial manner in which the funds collected for the relief of the widows and orphans of those who had fallen during the Crimean war had been applied, hut bygones should he bygones. It would, he hoped, not take place in the present instance." For the credit of humanity no person could be found to second the amendment, so it fell to the ground. TEE BELFAST TEA F1IAUDS. The BeJfcest Aleicury of yesterday says "1 On Saturday a stra nge rumour prevailed in Belfast that John James Moore, the prinoipal delinquent in the tea frauds, had inmitated the example of his Prot9type on a larger scale, John Sadleir, and conimitted suicide. On inquisy we leasn that the rumour is so far authentic that a telegraphic despatch was received by the Customs authorities here on Saturday, puiporting to be from a hotel-keeper in Jersey, and stating that a person answerin, the desoription of John James Moore had ueen reslding s.t his hotel for some days, and recently died rather suddenly. The intelligerce was regarded with so much intorest that a special messenger acquainted with Moore's appearance, and the particulars of the case, was, it is stated, despatched from Belfast on Saturday evening, and proceeded to Dublin, on his way to Jersey, to ascertain the truth or falsehood of the statement. The matter is, however, looked upon as a hoax, intended to throw the authorities off their guard." TEE LATE, aITURDER IN TIPIPERARY. Some further particulars bave reached town in cornexion with the terrible murder of Mr. John Ellis, the ill-fated Scotch steward. They are as follows _ "Thurles, Monday Evening. "It Was stated tha unhappy victim o' the midnlght legislator was shot with a nistol, and from the road, whereas it is now generally supposed the awful deed was perpetrated in the following manner :-Tho driver, a youth about 17 years of age, having got dowrn to remove the obstruction on the reaa, was engaged in doing so when a shot was fir-2d from behind tho shelter of almost the only bush on the by-road by x7hich the noor vie5fm was being driven towards home. From the n7ature of the wounds it must be manifest no pistol could have so effectually done ies work, and as there were no less than seven wounds about the region of the heart, it must have been with a blunderbuss that wretehed miscreant, the assassin, fired, Two slugs have been taken from the wounds. On hearing the shot the driver at once turned round and cried out, " Oh, master, are you hurt ?" when poor Mr. Ellis said he was shot, fell off the oar, and alnost instantaneously expired. The driver hastened tow-ard the poliee-barrack to inforn the Inmates of the outrage, and I am infonned made a great outory along the road thereto, which was distant about a mile; but although the place was thickly inhabited, ard the inhabitants of the hcases -were many of them roused from their slumbers, yet no attempt was made to pursue the dastardly villain or vW'ains whlo perpetrated so foul a deed. Air. Ellis had a farl in the nei-hbourhood of Mountinellick, which he was accustomed to visit elmosb weekly, and it was walI known that he was anxious to return to his residence at Xilrush each Thursday night in order to lay the workmen. He also generally travelled arother road home, but by some fatali'y the boy drove this siight through the borheen, where there was not even room to turn a car. Whether this change was isx'ended or not on the part of the driver remains for the authorities to find out, but it appears at present somewhat suspicious. It could not be for the sake of plunder the foul deed was comzmitted, inasmuch as a large sum of money was found on the deceased when brought home, and the -murder can only be looked upon in the light of an agrarian outrage, The funeral of Mr. Ellis took place yesterday morning, and was most numerously attended by all the ,urroanding gentry, but the farming elass were not at all represented." A Roman Catholic journal (the Co)kl Reporter) observes, it is to be feared but too truly, that there are circumstances connected with this mnrder whie'iudicate unquestionably the presence of tli old association for the use of terrorism* "The road was blockaded, the agent was killed with a (leliberate aim, there was not the least effort to take from his body a large sum of money wh;eh he carried, and his servant was allowed to escape. A!l these facts point to the inevitable conclusion that he was killed nierely to satisfy revenge, and the deliberation with which preparation was rnade would seem to indicate that it vas not the wsork of unjpactised hands, bat was undertaken under the direction of some hired assassin. I'ba; auch men are to be found among our country pople, incredible as it might seem, we have unfortunately evidence only tco conclusive. Ryan Puck was well knowu-n to the people of a whole distrlit, and yet he committed, we believe, 14 nmurders, many of them in open daylight, before he was brought to justice. The misehief which the fear of such ruffians does to a county is really incalculable. It is not to be tolerated that hired assa'sins should exist among us, an4 vwe trust that X large reward will be instantly offered for the apprehension of those coucerned in this scandaious conspiracy and fatal crime. It is said that some ejectrients were lately enforced by this unhappy man, and no doubt they are sometimes very cruelly put into execution, but no consideration of that soIt can have weight in viewing guilt of this kind, for, no matter what may have b12enthe provocation, nothing can furnish a defence for cowardly treacherous murder." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 87i2; ditto, for aecount, November 10, 871 8; ditto, for new account, December 8, 88 88R; New Tbhree per Cent. Stock, 87 88 881 * ditto, for account, November 10, 88 ; ditto, for new account, De:ember 8, 88.4 * Bank Stock, 2321. British and Irish Steam Company (501. paid), 37; Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 14i. Railways :-Cork, Blackrock, and Passage (201. paid), 114 ; di"o, for account, 114 ; Great Southern and W estern 4 per cent. preference (paid in full 201.), 18; Killarney Junction (lot. paid), 10; Midland Great Western and Railway Canal Half-shares (251. paid), 23: ; Waterford and Iimerlek 5 per cent. preference (501. paid), 44.
SUSPENXSION OF TH8 BOROUGH BARK OF LIJVERPOOL. LIVERPOOL, TUESDAY. The unfortunate position of the Borough B:nk not being generally known, the announcement in The Tirnes of this morning, respecting its application for sssistance to the Bank of England, created much sensatior. The feeling, however, was far from reaching a paune height, and outsiders could scarcely notice any difference in the demand for money. At lL50, bowever, it was noticed that the doors of the hank were being closed, and a crowd collected awaiting the posting of some announcexnent of the directors. Presently the following notice was posted on the doora " An application to the Bank of England for a loan ha been acceded to by that institution, but pending the cons pletion of the details of the arrangement entered into, this bank is compelled to close the doors to protect the interests of the depositors ; but the directors expect to resume business immediately. " Oct, 27, 1857." In a little more than half an hour another notice, purely ot a local nature, was added. It was as follows:- 'I The draughts of the Northern Company of Bolfast will be paid by the Bank of Liverpool." Later on another notice to the following effect was posted:- " The public are informed that arrangements have been made and will inmmediately be comp3sted with the Bank cf England for an advance, which w21R enable the Borough Ban to reopen on Friday next and disesarge all its liabilities."
TEE BMAns, &-c.-SOUTRAnj4PTO) Tueslday.- |The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Alhambra, Captain J. lK. Joy, sailed to-day for Vig". 0)porto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar with the asaUs, 20 passengers a full general cargo, and 26,6501. in specie, of which 1,0001. is for Lisbon ani the rest for Cadia. A telegram received here to-day anrounces that the scTew steamer Petropolis, Captain Paulsen, from the Brazils, auzived at Lisbon on Sunday at noon, all well, and was to leave for Southamnpton on Monday evening ; she left Rio on the l-t of October, Bahia the 6th, and Pernarabuco the Sth. The departure of the Granada steamer for Bombay is deferred from the 31st inst. tU the 10th of November. The United Sbates mail staumship Falton, Captain Wotton,with advices froma New York to the 17th inst., being three da3 s later than those rece&red by the Arabia, is expected here on Thursday or Frida3. The R'oyal hIaiU Company's steamnship La Plata, Captaln Weller, is diue here on Stnday, with tl,e West India tai.s; and the Parana, Captain Bavsn , with the outward inas, leaves on Monday. The next mails for America froMthis port will be despatched by the Ariel, C:ptain Lud)aw, cm Wednesday, the 4th proximo *nd for India and (Qina, by the &WAX, Captain Drnndas on the eamn day,.
T1RE GREAT EA3TERA Each day this monstrous vessel becomes in her 'aplid progress towards completion a greater and a greater Eastern still. For nearly forr years she has loomcd in dim immensity over the river side like some prc-Adamite leviathan-for nearly four years she has stood anr iron enigma, exciting and baffling all conjecture es to how she was to be got down to thB water, and how ghe w?i to be managed and controlled when in it. To tht majority ef Londoners aho has b2en little else than a eoloswal sailor's foUy, as little likely to bh moved Irom the prace in which she rose as the banks of the Thames itself ilt which it was generally believed the Great Eastern was destined to remain a peainanent ornament -a reproach to mailners, and a beacon of warnmig to fNture enterprising companies of all kinds. It will, however, :elieve the minds of our readess to kaow for certain that, whatever other fate may be in store for this gigantic uxdertaking, the vessel is at least not doomed to remaza where she has been for so long. The hours of the Great Eastetn's stay on - land are now numb~ered ; each day dinminishes more and more the connexion between the shore and the ship, and on Tuesday next, soon after daybreak, it wiU be finally sundered, and the Great Eastern launched into that element on whicah her appearanee willbe the forerunner of a new era. It is only within the last few hours that the hour for the launch has been decided on, and the morning of Wednesday, ;-he 3d, definitely fixed. Untilrecently it was quite iwpossible to say when thelaunch really would tike place, for, in spite of the labonrs of 1,100 men, who have worked without cessation day and night, so much was to be done tha' at one time a furtber postponement seemed inevitenb1e, Or'y by the constant care and untiring energy of all connected with the works has this delay been prevented, and the novel difficulties presented in the construction of the launching ways overcome within the allotted ij ne. Just now the Great Eastern has eached her culminating point of preparations. During the next few days they 'will ceae and determine altogether; but at present they are rampant, and in the great chaos which reigns upon and rorud the vesral, iron and paint, woodwork and shavings seem to struggle for her mastery and possession. It Is almost hard to ray which most predomirntes. Judging from tbe state of his clothes on his return, the visitor is apt to give a hasty verdict in favour of the paint, though his zecollections of the works-the gong-like uproar with which the punching, rolling, wele:ng, and riveting of iron goes on-the endless variety of steam and hand saws always at work, and the amount of timber either sawed or haing sawn-leaves him after aU in a perplexed state to say in which branch the Great Eastern is most progressing. Since our last notise the whole exterior of the hull, from deck to kcel, has been re-painted aud finished off according to the appearance she is intended to present when in the water. This change has made a great Improvement; instead of a red urnmanag,eable looking pile, beavy and awkward to the eye, her beautif%ly modelled form, and slender, tapering bows are now brought forth in all their perfect symmetry. She Is painted three coloursred lead up to the20 feet or lightload water-line; for 15 feet above this up to tho heavy low water lipe copper colour, and the remainder (32 feet) up to the top black. The mere painting of the vessel, slight as the fact may appear when mentioned, involves a labour of no common magnitude, for the painted surface of the Great Eastern is, inside and outside nearly 120,000 square yards in extent, or more than 24 acres. The number of tons of paint which it requires is a caiculation on which we dare not venture. As regards the preparations for the launching, we have alreadydescribed atlength thepeculiar constructionof thelannching ways over whichthe vessel wiU glide into the water. Perhaps, however, a brief repetition of the main plan on which theyare made may not even now be without interest to many of our readers. Two launching " ways," or broad and powerfully-built tram. ways, have h1en construct-i by the rivslway contractors, Treadrell and Co., running from under the fore and after portions of the vessel down into the river at low water spring tide mark. Each of these" ways" is 300 feet long by 120 wide, and the distance between the two is also about 120 feet. To guard against the shifting nature of the river mud both the "ways" are constructed with unusual solidity and strengtb. The fouodation of each is formed uponseven rows of piles, the four outdde rows being driven at three feet intervals, and the thrca inner rows at six feet. These piles are aUi forced home to the gravel of the river bed, so that they graduate from a length of 32 feet under the ship's bottom to '0 f eet at the low water mark. To both sides of the heads of the rows of piles strong timbers, 12 inches by 12 inches, are sc ourely bolted, and the whole area of the " way " covered with concrete to a tbickness of two feet. Above the concrete longitudin't timbers of great strength are secured at intervals of three feet Oix inches frona centre to centre, and run the entire length of the " way." Over these again are placed transverse timbers of the same solidity, but only three feet apart, which are bolted together and again bolted down to the walings to keep them fixed under tbe pressure they will have to bear and preveut them floating at high tide. On these trans. verse timbera, but running straight from the vessol to the water's edge, are screwed raUway metals at intervals of 18 inches apart. They rre the ordinery solid bridge rails used by Mr. Brunel on the permanent way of the Great Western EAilway, and are, of conrse. of the strongest kind. The rails complete the " ways," which, thus resting on a bed of piles and concrete, form a m2ssivo road of crossed and recrossed timbers stretching irom under the Great Eastern to low water mark at an incluiation of I in 12. Down the railway metals on these " ways," then, the ship will be slowly lowered 'into the water on the cradles, which are constructed under her. The cradles aTe, of course, of the same width as the "ways" over which they are to run. They aro made of large balks of timber, wedged and driven in with a ponderous machine like a battering ram, so as to perfectly fit the ship's bottom. The timbers are principally laid athwartships, with longitudinal beams and shores fastened to the outer sides. All are riveted together with iron bolts and screws and loaded with iron ballast to prevent their floating with the vessel. The bottom of the Iron cradle consists of iron bars seven inches wide and en inch thick, placed at intervals of a foot apart atid with their edges carerlrly ground off, so as to offer no resistance to the railway metals of the ways over which they will have to pas2. Doth launching ways rise slightly at the centre, where the piles are driven at wider intervals in order to allow for the depression which is certain to be produced by the passage of such an enormous weight over their surface. Before the launch all the metals of the ways wiU be thickly coated with a composition of taUow and black lead, so as to offer no obstruction from friction. The chief points on which the energies of Mr. Brunel ara n,ow concentratkd are, first, to overcocre the momentum of such a mass down an incUned plane of 1 in 12, eud prevent her, when onco in motion, dashing entirely away; secondly, if stopped from any cause upon the ways, to overcome the resistance of her enormous weight snd provide sufficient purchase from the water to puli her slowly inteo motion again. The latter is quite a secondrsy consideration, for it is upon the strength and good working of the check tackle that everything will depend. As far as human ingenuity and skill can forese- the strain which is to come upon this tackle danger has been provided against, and the whale apparatus forms the in E poxnderoes system of check tackle that has ever vet been constructed. We have already explained what the cradles are, and bow the timbers of which they are composed are wedged in hy means of a huge battering ram tiUl the whole is crash, i into ono compact mass, bolted together with massive iron rods. To the centre of eacha of these crad?cl .; fastoned tho iron sheave to which the check ta^laI iq attache"' There sheaves or pulleys have been especially made for this work; they are of solid cast iron, and weighing5 tons each. One sheave will be fastened to each cradle, and wrought iron chain cables of the largest sire connect these with two other sheaves, each of which is secured to a " druns," which pays out the chaiu and in fact regulates the whoLe oporation. These drnms and the framework on which they rest having to bear the strain of the whole mass in motion. extraordinary precautions have been taken to render them as massive as they conld be made by any known com. blnation of wood and iron. The sbape is that of an ordinary reel, the axle of which is formed by beams of timboer and strips of wrought iron boirnd together so as to form a drum about 20 feet long and 9 feet in diameter. At eaoc end of the cylinder are the wbeels o2 the drum or discs, 16 feet in diamoter, each of solid iron and weighing upwards of 20 tons, so that the weight of each dnrum is more than C0 tons ini all. Tbo ax)e of tbo di c is set in a frame of iron, while around its outer edge passes a band of wrought iron, to worl In the manner o i a friction clutch, or break. Th;s, with the a'd of strong iron levers 20 fett long, brings suno a pressuro ts hear upon the discs of the drmues as to lower its revolutions, or entirely -top them in case the chain Is being payed out too fast. Oar readers, howsver, IMay nraturally ask what retains these drunis themiselves. Well, then, the frame in which they work is set in a solid bea of tim'cer formeed by driving down a mass of piis 40 feet in length, so sato form a solid piece of timber l,.tt 20 feet s4;uare and Faiug down to the gravel. The wlwcle of this is bound trsA'her with iron, and strong shijres pass Irom the cube of piles to the bed of pil-s, on which the launching ways, are built. So that, in fact, no matter what the strain, it 'would be impors.Ible for the setting of the drums to F5{ivq, unless the whole river's b.nk gavo way with thern. One of these druwsa ir. built opposito each CrLdle-'*hOe 01aiMs to be used between tberm and the cradles are the chian cablez of t-bo Geiret Eastem it^Lfj which n2 2s inch in diameter, or about 601b. the link. Thaeac are the appHLwaces for pmvYentlng the Lstlister rbaning down too fast ; bat a powerful apparatus hb als* been' devised t) act in acontrary manner-namuely, to p4l2her off the " Wnys" in case of the cradles sUoking fast IT.Vw them througL? sty unforeseea CsOrd,e7,,s For this purpost-four large lighten are moored in tble tideway about 100 yi'ttl from the9 sBure; which are Etted up with the crabs and shevMs used by Mr. Bruuel in the recent raising of the viduct ovtY the Tamar aisSlisseb, and i* buildling tlhe celebrated rawil&n bridgeat Chepetaw. Fach of ,hise erabsworked with a windass gives a Ftrain -of tIV tons, and this force of 24J tons, if necessary at all, it-zo he applied hTmidships. T wo lighters will also be moored .at the stmn eS the ship and two at the stern. The cbhins pssing from' the sbip to these latter will retu2n, agn on shon D so as to be worked with a donhle pirohase. Small satlmom-y enes' of 20-horse power will -he :teed to h-aul in these chains, so "s to make the vrwole fcrcoj s'a$lable to'pull the vessel off up'wards of 600 tons. The psocess o4 knocking awray the' shoreh fromn nrder her has psoceedeSI ratlSr e"t-nsively" and will be entirely comuplete& on Satt-nday, -ben the Tves' willrest onlyon tbetwoo adlt&,,fore and'aft. A2fore te last of tbese, ho-ever, are reoioved care wil2 be taken that'tlie massive cheek taelkle ti hold back -*e ship is pro' perly hauled taut, for vwen the vessei is ldft om the cradles, and the oradles c-a the sloping vnys; the launch night take place at any moment in th's most abrspt and unexpected manner. the way in which the supporting' shores and struts have to be removed is as ?eculisr as all ele connected with the monster. It is neaAy-fdur years since these beams were put to anpporti the sidea, sirce wbich the iron shell has grown into the- dimemsions of a, city; and pressed its supporters so firmly to the earth that it ws* found almost impossible to remove- them. The difficulttbas been overcorne by employing hydraulic jacks, of G0 tons power, by applying which to the bham or strut the earth id which it rested was oompressod by'. immense force tlfl it sanh some two or three inches, when the beam was loosened' and quietly withdrawn.
MILITARY AND NAVAL 1--77MLIGENCF. The general court-martial for the trias of Lieutenant George Williaum Vansittart Yule, PRoyal Engineers, reassembled at Chatham barracks yesterday. morning. The evidence for the prosecution having been concluded, the prisoner proceeded to address the Court. He commenced by entreating the indulgence of the Court on accourt o' his youth, the short time he had been in t1e service and his corsequent want of experience, and the f:.t that he had been unassisted during the triaL With regard to the second charge againat him,-that of having made a false statement to Colonel Sandhatn to the effeot that he was out anl day on the 5th oi September, and therefore could not answer the letter addressed to him hy Mfajor and Adjntant Nugent,-he should be able to adduce satisfactory evidenee to prove that hA was olut during a considerable portion of that day; and although he might have made uso of the words stated-for he remembered being in a very nervous state when spoken to about it,-yet it was never his intention to deceive Colonel Saudham. With regard to the first charge, and the instances of absence there adduced, he rpspectfally submitted to the Court tbat, insasmuch as he had been publicly reprimanded for these offences by General Sir John Burgoyne, Inspector-General of Fortifications, on the 27th of July last, in the presence of his brother officers, it would be unfair to punish him a second time. On the other charges, of being absent from early parade, he stated that the 23d of August was a Sunday, and the two following days he was absent from sickness. On his going on parade on Wednesday he had entirely forgotten he was ordered early parade, as he had not even seen the memo. randum to that effect, which fact he trusted would lead the Couzrt to exonerate him from all culpable negligence. On the 7th of September, the day he was required to attend the court-martial, he was on survey duty. The order for tbe court-martiak was not read out, and he did not see the order-book or receive any memorandu m; aDd under those circumstances he trusted thie Court would tako a favourable v-ew of what was more an error of judgmout than culpahle negligence. He again begged to assert his entire innocence of any wilful int-ention to disobey orders. He admitted that bis conduct had not been correct, but ho threw hunsell on the clemency of the Court in the hope that they would be disposed to take a favourable and merciful view of his case. The prisoner then called Ensign Peyton Phelps, East India Comrany's Engineers, who stated that the prisoner came into his roorn between 1 aud 2 o'clock in the afternoon of the 5th of September, and remained there until 5 o'clock. About half-past 12 that day he went into the prisoner's room to borrow a cloak, and found him lying on a so'a partially dressed. He had no recollection of seeing a letter on the table of the room, and daring tL-o whole time prisoner was with him no allusion whatever was made by him to his having received a letter "on senice" that day. Lieutenant Dalhousie Holmes Burnes, ltE., was also' called by the prisoner, but his evidence was only to the effect that the prisoner had questioned his servant Flannagan in witness's presence relative to the letctr which had been brought to his quarters on the 5th of September. The prisoner had also informed him that he rose about 1 o'clock, went to Mr. Phelps's room, where he romrAned till 5, and then dreseed and proceeded to mess, and-that he did not see the letter imtil 6 o'clock that afternoon. This being the whole of the evidence called by the priso ner in his defence, the Deputy Judge-Adv-ocate intiJLated that he d id not intknd to address the Court In reply. The proceeding3 then terminated, the trial havhmg 1.-te'I a week, and the members of the Court remained in deliberation for the pt"pose of agresingto their decision, but the flading will not hb made known until it has received the sanc-ion of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cainbri6ge. 'The follorring officers have been granted leave of absence from their recpecti-e dep: ts aPt Cbsb.amu previous to their embarcation for India-viz., Captain FL. B. Howson, 5lst Light Infantry-; Captain H. W. P-. Welman, 86th lRegiment; Ensign J. Do K. Morley, 4:;d Light Infantry; ad Ensign H. Charnbeid, 51st Light lufantry. The Alban, 3, steam vessel, Lieutenant the TInn. 'W. I. de Blaquire, le. Portsrusuth on Monday for the eastvw.ard wiTh supernumeraries- The Spartan, 2S, Captain Sir- *W. Hcste, is hour'y expected at Spithead from the China station and the Cape. Sorae of the officials of Woolwich A-senal-nar-e-l, Cclonel TuLIloh, superintendent of the Pi yal Carriage Da. partinent; Colonel Pickeriog,secretary to the Select Commit. tee ; Captain _.aoer, Royal Laboratory; and Mr. Anderso *, inspector of umachinery-azcornpanied by Frofessor Wheatstone and Mr. nt. Mallett, the founder, assembled at Woot wich-inaras on Monday in order to inspect the 36-inch mortar and examine the extent of the Injury sustained Iy the late experimnents. After- a earefol examination of the various compalrtents it waS diroovered that, in addition to the rent fourd in the chaiucar, a broad vsroughtiron hoo-; attached to one of the centre divisional segments had abo suffered. The hoop was yesterday taken to tbe fourdry at Alilwfll to be repaired, andl the damage in the interior of the chamber is to be repaired in the Arsenal foundry, after which the proof will be continued. Lord Palmerston, Lord Paureurs, and Colonel Boldero, MAP., have expressed a desire to 'witness the future experiments. A garrLson board of field-,fficeis conmmsenced their sittings yesterday at the ltoyal Artillery L ospitsi, for the purpow of intluiriug into the length of sar-ices and capabilities of the senior staff non-co-missiozned officers of the Royal Xrtillery, a number of whom are about to be placed on the retired list. The RoFm George screw stearmaFhip is oriered to be immediately brought forward at Sheerness, and rigged and stored in every resieet as a sterna line-of-battle ship of the first diviion of the 5te am squadron of reserve. Tb e fol:lowine srpnitir.tnents w,ere made yesterday at the Admiraltv -dohn Riebaris, master's assistant, to the spitfire; Charles J. Rigley, master's ass-tant, to theTeiton; V. Youn'Q, paymna;er, to tha Edinburgb. THE MlLITIA._ The 5th Wen,' York Militia, baving completed a month's. traiv;ng and neercise at Knaresboroegh, M hll be d&vmisscd this day. On Eriday laat the regimuent waa. reviewed by Colonel Dounflas, Insplctor oft illitia for the lioithern Disisiol. T'be it-ni went throug& the varlovs. movements with great precision, and were warmly complimented by the reviewing offIcer. At the close of the revie.v a great number of `e nmen volunteered tsto re- iments of the linenamely! thea 2d, or (sren's Oars; the h:b, and the 60th, Riies.
TO TRIN EDITOR OF THR TIMX& Sir, -In fairtzsi to my brother;bajor Crautord Chamber, lain, and hls 1 5ya1 and vsszy disti!rgnAed rogiment, the Ist Begh -reszmr Cavalry, bettier remembered, perhaps, as " m!nersRte," I ):ave to raqueet thai you. wil ll 8120 me, to correst the rema^rk in youlr paper of tbe ° ~d inst., " that at Seco1tau r.supsoeted bsattalion was disarmed by ?gkhs ahse." The !nts of the case are that my hrother and his re,,inmont v;are so mGnuiny counted upon that, nzot ithstadig the psesan ce of his superior officer, t'he commandant of the gari5oO, General Gow.an, at the suggestion of Sir ,Johrn £Lavrence, placed upon Major Chamberlain the entire ohargje iar. iepr.i:iy of disasnilu,g the twvo batraliorns of Bengjal. ; aiel.atry present, viz., the G°2d and G9ib, vvhich opera. I t)C.fl sosele'hcateto per,'orm weiih olynativetroops, hedid,by the further aid of tw o I'vujab corps, so successfuilly sa to he fortlmi.te enlouwsh to draw upon bimaelf tbo penis. of his -General and tie wBannest thanks of Sir Jobn IAwenc,wbo, to mar'- his sense of the loyalty and effbciency of my brothri's regiwre3st, caused to be disitributed amiong them Lth IOrder of. Merit arnd hamnson e sums of money. Vour obedient ssrvanIs. WILLIAM C. N. UBAUBERLAI,_ TiTA 4- N 1 er. a V -.I -'Jt
FOREIGNY INTELLIGENCE. FRANOE. [A portion of the following appeazed In our soood ed. tion eS yesterday:-1 (FRONM OUI OWN COBEPONE,) PARIS, OCT. 26, 6 p.3r. A private letter fro)n Madrid dated the 22d, gives the following additional facts relative to the 16nisterial criis: " To-morrow, the 23d, Mon is expected here. On his arrival in Paris he sent word by telegraph to postpone the meeting of the Cortes till the 3Cth December, and the Royal order to that effect appeared in the Gareue of yesterday; it produced a very unfavourable effect among the Liberal p&rty, particularly the Conservatives, as it is apprehended it is only preliminary to a dissolution. Yet itis not probable that a dissolution will take place, as Armero made this morning a calculation to this effect :-Of the members who sit in the present Chamber 115 are employ&s of the Govern. ment, and, as a matter of course,mustvote with it or take tha consequences; 20 belong to the O'DonneU fraction; Rio i Rosas and a few others are Minlsterialists; seven are Pro' gresistas, but there are some who, in order to oh-tain favour or hon'3urs, sill support the new Cabinet. " When Mon comes the Ministry wil be at once formed of some friends of his own, and cae or two of the Vicalva. rists. When it is completed I shall give yoe some notion of what the Liberal party has to hope. The worst feature of this Cabinet is that it is the work of the present possessor of Influence at Court-is the Egeria of Mayans,formerly Minister of Grace and Justice, and subsequently President of the Cortes; and Mayans is the uncle of the mysterious being who is now so powerful, and by whose grace and favour Armero is Prime Minister. The plan was settled on the 15th September; with a view to throw dust in the eyes of the public, Armero set out for Sevile at the end of that month,whence he was summoned by the Queen, as also Bravo Murillo. The summoning of Bravo Murillo, the con. sultations of the Queen with Viluriaanda Martinez de la I Rosa, the conferences with Pezuela, Galiano, Gonzalez Romero, andothers, were nothing but farces. I repeat that the plan was previously arranged in the palce, and Armero named Minister ; but, as he was not inMadrid, Her Majesty managed to gain time under the pretext of conaference, &ac. Bravo Murillo was also summoned to the palace by the Queen. He explained to Her Majesty his political views. He observed, that if he were named Minister, he should govern with the present Cortes, in which he had a majority. He would bring forward an electoral law which would render a repetitlon of the usual eleo. toral farce impossible. He would arrange so thl', the people should be free to send up as deputies men who possessed real and solid influence in their respective districts, and not merely nominees of Government or of the local authorities; and he would also propose a law securing to the honest, inteligent, and active cmploy6s of the Government the continusnce of their respective places, instead of being exposed, as hitherto, to be dismised on every change of hinistry. These measures, which certainly would have been weU reeeived by the public, were accom. pauied by others which Bravo murillo also detaUed to the Queen, and he added that in order to carry them Into effeot he should be allowed to choose his own Ministes. This last point he particularly insisted on; and, as there was not the slightest ehance of the Queen consenting, and as the whole affair was, as I have said, pure acting, he returned to his retirement to await the course of events. " What party, or rather what fraction of the Moderado party, you will no doubt ask, is now likely to support the Armero-Mon Cabinet? Is it the Vicalvarist ? The friends of Armero and Mon are Alexander Castro, Manuel Bermnudez de Castro, and two or three persons who are les known. Bermudez de Castro is, perhaps, the man most unpopular in Spain. After having been an ardent partisan of Narvaez, who sent him to Vrienna as Minister Plenipotentiary, he turned his back on his late chief; in fact, he has acted so to every Cabinet that ever protected him. Intractable as he is in character, if Bermudez de Castro enter the Cabinet, as is more than probable, you may be certain he will soon quit it, because he wll disagree with every one of his colleagues. Alexander Castro is beneath notice as a public man. Rios Roeas will, with the Vicalvarists, support the Cabinet. He is of much value in conciliating parties, but he is not received by any fraction as its leader, as Bravo Murillo, Sartorlus, and Narvaez are. " By reason of the prorogation of the Cortes all disousslon on the Budget is, of course, impossible; and the im. posts for 1858 wil have to be collected in virtue of a Royal order, as so often occurs here. We hAve a deficit of 300,000,000 reals (3,000,0001. sterling) for the end of the present year; and the condition of the Treasury wiUl render a new loan necessary. I shaU soon inform you exactly of the state of our finances. " Every one Is aware of the intrigues that are going on In the palace. I am sorry to say that the Queen has declined stiUl more in public estimation these few days past, from the unconstitutionalInfluence to which It is known that Cabinets owe their rise and fall; and you hear on all sides these words, ' It will end badly for the dynasty of the Spanish Bourbons.' " I forgot to mention that during his audience wlth the Queen Bravo Murillo also mentioned to her that, In case he accepted office, It was his determination to carry out on a large scale the plan of clvil and ecclesiastical secularlzation; the latter in accordance with Rome. He declared it was absolutely necessary." Since the foregoing was written a private telegraphic despatch announces that the Cabinet has been completed. The newv Ministers are Martinez de la Rosa-Foreign Affairs. Joseph Casanr-Ju8tice. MIon-Finance. Admiral Buitillo-Marine. Bermudez de Castro-Interior. Salaverria-Public Works, Admixal Armero-War, with the Presidency of the Coincil. The Duke of Grammont successor to AL Rayneval, French Mlinister at i'ome, has just loft Paris for his post. It is said that he is charged to recomnniend once more, and in earnest terms, the necessity of reforms in the Pontifical States. The roturn of Redsechid Pasha to the post of Grand Vizier has given much dissatisfaction here, and the French Foreign-office is very angry with Lord Stratford first, and then the Sultan. Something is said of a note addressed to M. de Persigny, to be presented to Lord Clarendon, on the subject. The measures adopted by the Bank of France for arresting the exportation of gold have, as was expected, produced a certain effect on commercial a ,whieh is felt the more that they are adopted at a moment so near the winter season. Nevertheless, the rate of discount at 7i per cent., but which, with the Bank commission, is really 9 or 10, is not so severely felt as short dates of commereial bills last year. Payments which were already difficult are become still more so, and the necessity of restrictina credit and of ready-money bargains has retarded orders and diminished their importance. The state of trade, on the whole, is not, however, bad; the mnanufactories are not encumbered with goods. The mantufacturers have acted for a considerable time with much prudence, and the shops are, In general, but moderately supplied, so that there is no need of apprehension on this score as to the future. The markets of Paris, Lyons, and St. Etienne can now form a proximate estimate of the extent of their losses in consequence of the commercial crisis in the United States, but some think that these losses will not be definitive, and that many of the American houses will after some time resume their payments. The business done In fancy articles (n7wt&eauMts) in Paris during the past week Is generally favourable; the same cannot be said of the, provinces. The fall in silk fabrics of newest fa8shion, and in all goods of a similar kind intended for the American market, and which have remained unsold, is important, but insignificant In other tissue. Swms fabric3 have suffered more than the Lyonnese, and several failures are reported to have taken place at Zurch -, anm in the other Swiss town where there are s1i manufactories. For the last fortnight a fall has been observable On various sorts of products, particularly on oils, sugars, and raw cotton; the prices of wines, on the other hand, are firm, notwithstanding the favourable character of the last crop. For eight days past grain has kept up; there Is not much appearance of a further rise, but the holders of tiour, as of grain, refuse to make any new concession in prices, and the consequence is that very little business was done last week at the Paris corn market. Flour was very firm on Wednesday last I and there was a rise of from 1f. 50c. to 2f. on the lowest quotation of the previous week. The price of flour for baking varies from 50f. to 52f. for choice quality. Losses are said to have been ex- perienced in the market during the last two months by speculators who had purchased largely in foreign corn, and who sold, with much diffioulty at from 20f. to 30f. the sack under fixst cost. it is not thought that prices wml fall much lower; but as the article is abundant in the markets few are disposed to do business to rmuch extent even at the present quotations. A rise has occurred in the departments since the end of last month. The sowing is going on actively, and it interferes with the supply in the markets, as all hands are employed in the field. There is, however, another fall in the provinces of the north and west, and particularly at Bergues and Rouen. The increase in the rate of discount has also perhaps tended to check the rise, as a greater supply was forced on the market. In some of the wine districts we hear complaints of the vintage having taken place too soon, and of the grapes having been gathered before they reached maturity. It is therefore apprehended that much difference will be found In the quality of the new wines. As yet, however, no decisive opinion can be formed. Irn the meantime prices are rising at Bercy, which has received large supplies from Burgundy, the south, and the central districts. At Orleans white wines fetch from 60f. to 65f. the 228 litres without the cask; red wines are scarce; and are quoted at from 90f. to 100f. The wines of Beaujolais and the Maconnais are reported of most favourably for their quality. Not much business is doing in brandies. A Government engineer has been sent by the Minister of Pablic Works to the departments which are threatened with inundatlon, in order to make, from personal inspection, a report to the Emperor. The Three per (lents. closed to-day at 66t. 60c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents. at 9. 25c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,305f.; Great Northern, 866f. 25¢.; Strasburg, 672f. 50c.; New Shares, 661f. 29c.; Paris to Lyons and the MDediterranean 826f 25c.; Western of France,660f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 535f.; Great Central of France, 601f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 607f. S0c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 766f. 25c.; Austrian Railways, 667f. 50c.; Roman Railways, 690f.; Russian Railways, 502f. 50c. Cours AutheWiqut.-PAss, October 26.-Cash PrIces.- Four-anda-BHalf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 90f. 50O. 2X5.; Three per Cents., 66f. 70c. 75c.; Bank of Franoce, 2,975f. 3,000f. 2,990f.; ditto (5501. paid), 2,975f. 3,000f. 2,990f.; Credit Fonder, 540f.; ditto Oblig&ions of 5001., Four per Cents., 430f.; ditto, Tenths. Four per Cents., 88f. 75c. ditto, Three per Cents., 390f.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents. 80.; Prom. Obligations of 1000f., Three per Cents., 930f.: Cr6dal Moblller, 770f. 772f. 50c. 775f. 771f. 25c. 766f. 25c.; Discount Bank, 650f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f.; ditto Three per Ceuts., 53f. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 88 SSj; Belgian Four. and-a-Hall per Cents., 99; Ilentes de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Rlomans, 88 S7i, Spanish Three per Cents., Interlor Debts, 37A 38. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 2af. 32.jc.; nioney, 25f. 27ic.; three months, paper, 241 52&e.; money, 241. SOc. PRUSSIA. (FROM OaU OWN CORRBSPORDNT.) BERLIN, Ocr. 25. The position which the Prince of Prussia at this moment occupies in the State, as the proxy or deputy of the King, conducting the business of the country in the King's name, is one not provided for by the Charter. The 56th article of that document provides only for a Regency that shall constitute itself on the King's becoming incapacitated for any lengthy period from governing, leaving it perfectly nndecided how that permanent incapacity is to be established, whether by medical certificate to the effect that the Royal patient mnst for a future period be incapable, or by a Ministerial resolution attesting that the Monarch has already been so duriug a past period. The present conjuncture not being one provided for by the Charter, recourse has been taken to ordinary common law, as between private persons; and the King's mental state having beesn previously established by the physicians as sane and sound, he has delegated to his brother for a limited period the exercise of his regal functions. In Romel' (onstihttional Law of the Pru;ssian Mfonarchy there occurs the following passage with reference to the temporary substitution of another person than the King in the office of monarch: "Apart from aU the cases in which the King may be prevented for a lengthy period, by causes over which he ha3 no control, from himself exercizing his rights as monarch. there may also arise cases in which he may be temporarily disabled from ruling. Of such nature are the cases when the King of his own free will, and for a short time, divests himself of the possibility of his governing (as, for instance, by his travelling to foreign parts) and the cases of prevention by Illness. It is Irrefragable that in cases of this kind a partial or entire substitution for the King may be indispensably necessary. The Charter contains no provision on this point, and in the general code there are not to be found any distinct rules laid down, and therefor recourse must be taken to general principleo. From these it will be clear that the King in all such cases of transient incapacity is not only entitled of right bat is in duty bouna to make the necessary provisions for the regular and uninterrupted despatch of public business, and even, it needs be, to appoint a proxy. It can also be as little doubted that ths choice of the person to be so appointed is left to the King'd free will and pleasure. A substitution of this kind pre. supposes, in all cases, a power of attorney to have emanatod from the King, the tenour of which fixes the term and the extent of the rights vested in the proxy." This expedient of a power of attorney, or Cabinet order, authorizing the Prince of Prussia to act for the King, has also a precedent, inasmuch as in 1841, a period before the existence of the present Charter, the King executed a similar document in favour of the Prince of Prussia, on occasion of his proceeding to England to the baptism of the Prince of Wales, to whom, as your readers will recollect, he stood godfather. The warm interest that has been felt by all classes here in the state of the King's health, equally by those who desired his speedy recovery and by those who longed for a change of things and persons, has forced on the people's notice how entirely void of all satisfactory information on this point the local papers have been. On this, as on au other occasion3 of interest, the Prussians have been driven to search in non-Prussian papers for the information which the arbitrary powers of the Government frighten all editors here from inserting. The Ministerial Zeit alone has from time to time published scanty but authentic details; the official Preussische Correspwidens has not bestowed a word on it, and the other papers have, from fear of the consequences, confined themselves to the reprinting of the official bulletins. Now the original medical bulletins, which have been kept at Sans Souci, away from eye.s profano, doubtless were not too communicative (bulletins seldom are), but the official versions that have been allowed to coniae to the knowledge of the public have in many cases been not only diluted, but altered from the originals. The copies have been cooked, or "made comfortable," previous to publication, so as not to disturb the s1uggish puddle of German apprehension of public matters outside of the initiated circles-that is to say, the immediate Court circle and the higher officers of the bureaucracy. The discontent and disgust that such a state of things is calculated to produce in educatedc and reflecting minds have been for years a standing feature of German society, ever since the present laws governing the pres came Into force, as also under their predecessors, bat it is a novelty that this disgust should venture to obtain expres3ion in the local papers themselves. This patient people is so thoroughly governed in this and in every other point that it i perfectly helpless even to make the voice of itS complaint heard, and the foreign press alone can assist n it by shamiAng this Government in the face of Europe for so belying the claim that Prussia makes to superior education, more extended liberty, and a higher sense of order than the other less developed States of Germany can boast of. On the 21st Inst. Count Lavradio, the Portuguese Envoy Extraordinary, applied formally to the Prince of Hohenzollern for the hand of his daughter, the Princess Stephanie, in the name of his master, the King of PortugaL It is already settled that after the preliminary espousals by proxy the bride elect is to proceed to Lisbon in the steam yacht Grille, which will be convoyed thither by the frigate Thetis, which has just been commissioned nomina']y for a cruise in the Mediterranean. The Kreuz Zeittzng affirms in very positive terms, as though perfectly sure of the truth of the statement, that the French Government has learnt from its representative at one of the more impor- tant German Courts that with respect to its unionistic plans in the Danubian Principalities it can no longer reckon on the support of the Russian Government. In answer to a remark made by a local paper apropos of the recent publication by the Indupendanci of a Prussian despatch with reference to the DTmiuhian Principalities, to the offect that Prussian d c:- a ought to be published in an official Prussian paper, "as the French are in the Moliteur," the Premssische Correspondenz replies : " The paper in question betrays by this remark how little it knows of diplomatic matters. Despatohes suoh as the one alluded to are not meant for publication, little occasion as they may have to shun it. It Is matter of premiption in confidential diplomatic intercourse that despatches of this kind are communicated to the representatives of foreign Powers here for the purpose of their taking copies of them, so that His Majesty's Cabinet Is no longer sole master Ss hO their being kept secret, and as little with reference to their specific publication. In this way It is that very frequently the despatehes of the French as well as of other Govern ments appear first in foreign papers, and it must be clear to every one that a publishing in this way has a very diffe. rent significance from what it would have if the Govern. ment were to publih a document in ito owe official organ." AUSTRIA. (FROEM OUR OWNr OORRsPoNZrN.) VIENNA. Ocr. 24. The Nerd a day or two since stated that Austria and Prussia had renounced the idea of bringing the Holstein-Lauenburg question before the Bund, because it had been demonstrated to them by the other great Powers that the quarrel between Denmark and the Duchies must be settled by Earope and not by Germany alone. The assertion has made the Germans extremely wroth, and the Berlin writers for the press aver that the Brussels paper has said the thing which is not; but there is very goodL reeaon for believing that such is not exactly the case. France, Rusia, and England have repeatedly given Prussia and Austria to understand that any attempt on the part of the German Coafederation to force the Danish Government torecognize the justice of the claims of the Duchtei to self-government would infalibly lead to a serious complication, and the two Germaa Powers, being of opinion that prudenoe is ths better part of valour, have resolved to post. pone their intended appliecation to the Bund. Principles, as you must be well aware, are the favourite hobbles of the German Governments, and you wrilltherefore not be surprised to learn that the opinions of the Austrian and Prussian Cabinet4 have, "in princlple," undergone no change. They still maintain that Holstein and Lauenburg are entited to the protection of the Bund, but are content to wait until the moment for granting that protection shallbe more opportune. The "politicians of the future " (Zukunfts-Politiker) fancy that the so-called Eider-Danee* will sooner or later bring about a solution of the Danish-Holstemn question, but the inhabitants of the Duchies are a bold and sturdy race, and the probability is tlhat if the diplomatirs do not obtain. satisfaction for them they will take advantage of the first favourable opportunity which may present itself and endeavour to obtain it for themselves. One of the Vienna correspondents of the Augsburg Gazetle. says that the Hanoverian Government Is resolved to bring the Holstein matter before the Bund, but a motion made by a second-rate State would hardly be seconded In the Diet if not previously sanctioned by Austria or Prussia. We learn from Belgrade that M. Stephen Stefa novitch, the Preaident of the Servian Senate, has already confeased that the plan for assassinating the Hospodar was not of Servian origin. The Belgrade conspirators received their instructions and money from Bucharest, "in which city," say the correspondents, "Prince Milosch Obrenovitch now is.' t For some time the whole story of the conspiracy was generally disbelieved in the Servian capital, but the confessions of MM.' Martzailovltch and Stefanovitch have removed all doubt on the subject, and led to further arrests. On the 21 st inst. M. Zwetko Rajovitz, the President of the Court of Cassation, the Senator Pavel Stanichitz, and nine other notables were seized in their houses and cast into prison. The Austrians believe that there was an understanding between the agitators in the Dantubian Principalities and the Servian conspirators, and It is by no means improbable that such was actually the case. For some time past tha Christians in European Turkey have been systematically revolutionized; and even in Bosaia the authorities find it very difficult to maintain peace and order. Letters of the l7th of September from Bosna-Serai speak of a very considerable " ferment" (eh-nWg), and the people have expelled a Roman Catholic and a Greek priest because they refused to join a procession which went to Bosna-Serai to demand justice from the Vizier. The Vienna writers for the press are evidently inclined to believe that something of importance is about to take place in European Turkey, for they have forcibly directed the attention of the public to the movements of Prineo Daniel, who has recently elevated hiiaself to the rank of a mediator between the inhabitants of the districts around Montenegro and the Turkish authorities. The ruler over Montenegro, who now bears the titles of Master of Negusch, first absolute Prince of Montenegro, Prince of the Berda provinces and of the Servian districts formerly belonging to them, recently gave audience to a deputation sent to him by the inhabitants of Vasojevitch, aud, promising to intervene in theirfavour, receivedfromthem36,000 piastreswhich was the amount of the tribute due to the Porte ; and Prince Daniel kindly undertook to pay over the 36,000 piastres to Mustapha Pasha of Scutari, ani he has since expressed his readiness to collect th 3 tribute in all those nahias (Turkish districts) adjoining Montenegro, and to trausmit it regularly to the Porte. The Cattaro correspondents insinuate that the Montenegrin Prince might not be a trustworthy cashier, but they probably wrong him Daniel wishes to extend his territory and influence, and he foresees that if his neighbours continue to pay Into his hands the tribute for the Porte thV will gradually accustom themselves to look on him as their legitimate chief and leader. The Montenegrins continue to make forays in the neighbourhool of Grahova, and in other districts in the Herzegovine, but they are generally repulsed with loss by t'he Turks. After a stay of four days at Turn Severin, the French war steamer Meurtriere returned to Galatz. M. von Nobiling, the Prussian engineer Captain Belfort, the commander of the Meurtriere, and some of the crew of that vessel went up the Danube to Drenkova, and seemed much surprised to find such numerous and violent rapids in the river. Soundings and1 admeasurements were taken and made at the Iron Gate by M. von Nobiling, who is considered a first-rate hydraulic engineer. The news that PRedschid Pasha is again GrandYVizier has not taken the Vienna diplomatists by surprise, as they were aware that the Sultan went to his house in great state about a fortnight since, and remained there from 1 o'clock in the afternoon until 10 in the evening. It was besides well known that the Sultan much vished to have Achmet Fethi Pasha, his brother-in-law, in office again, as he did not like to see the supreme command of the artillery intrusted to any other man. On enquiring of a person who is intimately acquainted with Constantinople affairs why his Sublime Highness so strongly wished to make his b:rother-in-law Gran I Master of the Artillery again, he replied, "ThI Master of the Ordnance is also the master of Con- I stantinople, and the Sultan well knows that he caa place implicit confidence in Fethi Pssha." The world fancies that the idea of the union ot the Danubian Principalities under a foreign Prince] was not entertained by the French Cabinet until after the conclusion of the treaty of March 30, but it deceives itself. Long before the war was brought to a close France offered to place the Danubian Principalities under a Prince of the Austriaa dynasty, but the Emperor declined to enter Into the matter. The fact is, that the head of the House of Hapsburg-Lorraine could not possibly permit one of his relatives to be the vassal of a Mahomedan Potentate. The last news of the day is that a " wine-house" has changed its name from "'Mirakel-Keller'" t) " Belvedere.' The Jesuits did not like the legend attached to the place. It Is that a% crippled beggar went down into the cellar on h;s crutches but the wine was so excellent that it vworked a miracle oa him, and he walked (staggered) upitairs without them. ITALY. (FtOhM OUl OWN CORRlSPOI-M-NT.) TTRIN' (-r. 24. Although it cannot be said exac' that tT e waters are dried up from off the eartL. i ' -piuence of two days' fine weather they v: ~..~ tiy so to allow of locomotion once "nora 't. .-aole certainty of arriving at c eactination, The bridge over the Saugone, ck Oo Turin, having been bodily swept away, passengers hence to Genoa~, Cuneo, or Pinerolo are still obliged to go by the high road as far as Moncalieri ; thence to Genoa there is today but one triHling interruption, of twvo or three kilometres, between Asti and Alexandria, wrhich it is necessary to ipass in omnibuses, provided by the railway directhon; and even this, it is said, will be remedied to-morrow. From Moncalleri to Cuneo and Pinerolo the railways are lntact. On the Turin and I'Tvara Railwvay the state of the bridge over the Stura continues a serious obstacle to tra- * The Danish politioians who wish the river Elderwhich divides Schleswig from Holstein-to be the boundary of Denmark proper ane popularly called " Eider.Danes." + Prince Milosch has publicly declared that he knows nothiug about the consphzcy, vellers In that direction, and a reproachful memorial of railway mismanagement. From want of proper embankments to protect the bridges the rirer has completely changed its course at this point, as it is constantly the habit of all torrents to do if they are not carefully dammed up in the plains, and the railway bridge is now standing on nearly dry shingle, while the road bridge was only saved from the same fate by strong fatigue parties zent from the garrison of Turin, who were emDloyed all Wednesday, day and night, throwing sandbags into the breach, and this, combined with the abating of the flood, haa sufficed to save the causeway up to the road bridge; so that, with the exception of being obliged to make the passage across the Stura on foot, our railway communication towards Milan is re-established. From Novara to the Lago Maggiore is open as usual, and also from Novara to Alexandria. On some branch railways, as those to Biella and Casale, there are still interruptions unrepaired, but, as these only affect local traffic, they create comparatively little inconve. nience. Telegraphic communication has been completely restored in every direction, and Turin has again emerged from its isolation from the rest of Italy. While on the subject of communication I may mention that the railway from Alexandria and Novi to Stradella is advertised to open for public service to-morrow, weather permitting, which will be a considerable advantage for travellers from the north to central Italy. The late rains and the consequent interruption of intercourse have been, as was so be expected, brought forward as political stock by the Armonia this morning. " God sent the rain and the Devil sent railways," says the Armonia-at least, Count Cavour made the railways, and that's all the same to (he Amonia-" and now," says the clerical organ, " mark the effect. By virtue of progress we have gone back a century. The blidges, railways, and even ordinary means of communication, are constructed in such a way that an inundation less than those of 1839 and 1856 is sufficient to shut up everyone in hls own house, and deprive us even of receiving letters." The Arnonia, however, is somewhat in contradiction with itself, for while blaming the railways for failing in keeping open intercourse under the late severe trials, it cannot avoid claiming for the Mlinistry of Count Solaro delia Margherita the merit of having first introduced railways into Piedmont, " although now calumniated with such disloyalty." The fact, indeed, is undeniable that the first railway made in this country was from Turin to Moncalieri, in the halcyon days when priests were superior to the laws of the land, when none but Roman Catholics were allowed places of public worship, and when foreign productions were taxed almost to prohibition from Sardinian subjects; and it so happens that the bridge over the Saugone, which is the only one in the country that has given way in the masonry, occurs precisely on this short line. The decree for the dissolution of the Sardinian Parliament was signed by His Majesty in the last Council of Ministers, it is said, but its publication has been deferred until next week on account of these floods. The 15th of next month is still the day fixed upon, however, for the elections, should there be no further derangement of communication in the interior. In the Islantd of Sardinia the elections are usually a few days later than in the terra firma States, but throughout the whole dominions one day suffices for each college, and the same day might be named for the whole, as no person can have more than one vote, everybody paying 10f. a year direct taxation being entitled to vote and eligible for election, and the principle of representation being that of numbers and not of property, every elector is obliged to declare beforeband the college where he intends to exercise his privilege of voting. As we are now on the eve of these elections, it may be worth your while to consider how important their result may be, net only on the domestic institutions of this country, but on continental politics in general. No concealment of their aims being attempted by either of the great opposing parties in this struggle-the LAberal and theXRetrograde-there Is no difficulty in appreciating the value of the stake for Piedmont which is about to be played at the forthcoming elections; but many other States, far and near, are more or less interested in the issue, and, indeed, no European nation can afford to treat the subject with indifference. The question to be tried avowedly is whether Piedmont can continue in the line of policy which she has pursued from 1848 until the present time, or whether she must succumb to the despotic aud retrograde policy sustained by Austria both in her own Italian possessions and in those States of Italy where her counsels are law to the Soverigma and Governments. The Retrograde, or Clerical, party in Piedmont has determined to make a great effort on this occasion to secure a majority in the Chamber favourable to a Concordat d 'A utrichienne, and a restrictive commercial policy, &c.; and, taking heart from what happened a few months back in the Belgian Parliament, it is now straining every nerve to get candidates returned who will do all in their power to annul the best fruits of the Constitution by constitutional means. Within the State this party is composed of the majority of the old nobility, the clergy as a body, and the poorest and most ignorant of the peasantry; but it has powerful allies without, who are quite prepared to lend all their force to split up the constitutional form of government if the party within can only once fix the small end of the wedge by securing a majority adverse to the Cavour Ministry in the Commons. The members of the Left, who pride themselves on their independence, are unfortunately but too likely to lend themselves to such tactics of the Retrogrades, although they (the Left) generally find fault with the present Administration for not moving fast enough; but, by way of mending matters, they might very possible even help the Retrogrades to a majority, with the idea that the country would not tolerate any Ministry less liberal than the present; and in so doing they would almost to a certainty succeed in gaining such a Government as France now enjoys, if they did not slnk to the level of Austria. But, supposing neither of these parties to be successful in their designs-andT believe it maybe confidently asserted that they will not-the great desideratum for assuring stability to the liberal instituitions here, the formal adherence of the aristocracy to them, appears likely to be initiated, if not accomplished, in these elections. A great many noblemen are now seeking the suffrages of the constituencies, which, if it does not indicate that the class is reconciled to the new order of things, at least evinces a very laudable desire on the part of many to assume their proper place as leaders of the people, and a conviction of the necessity of imitating the example set by the more enlightened of their order-by such men as Cavour, D'Azeglio, La Marmora, Alfieri, &c. The majority of the nobles, it must be allowed, still hold aloof from political conflicts wherein they would have to take their chance of intellectual superiority with the mere bourgeoisie; but a remarkable change is taking place, especially among the younger branches of the order, who travel more than the old roots, and cannot well help observing the increased respect paid abroad to their country, its diplomacy, and (by implication) to themselves, m consequence ot the present form of governmient, and the manner in which it has been conducted of late years. The Monitore Tosc,ano of the 20th announces that the Hereditary Princems of Tuscany, the Archdnchess Anna, is entirely out of danger. The Pope returned to Rome on the 17th from ,ivita Vecchia.
FATAL SHIP\VRECKS.-TWO schooners and the 'whole of their crews, belonging to the port of St. Ives, Cornwall, have been lost lately. On the 6th inst. the Britannia, Thomas Leddra, master and owner, sailed from Neath for Hayle, with a cargo of coals, and she has not been heard of since. The crew, five in nunmber, cansisted of the master, his two nephews, one seaman, and a boy. The Mary Welch, Moihael Welch, master and owner, le!t Cardiff on the 17th mst., with a cargo of eoals, for Hayle, and was wrecked on those dangerous rocks the Stones, off Godrevy Island, in the eastern part of St. Ives Bay, a few nights ago. It was blowing very strong from the eastward, and was dark, with rain, and It was thought the crew could not see the land. The crew consisted of the master, his son, and four others not belonging to St. Ives. The cutwater, fgnrehead, and other parts of the Mary 'Welch have drifted on shore not a quarter of a mile from Captain Welch's dweling-house. A few days ago the mast of a vessel, sunposed to be a lugger, was passed by Captain Veal, of the Blaneh, about a mile off Portreath, and it is thovnght she sunk at that spot. SALE OF PoIsoNS.-A blue-book has been published by order of the House of Commons containing the evidence taken before the select committee of the House of Lords on the (late) Sale of Poisons Bill. The interest of this has been anticipated by the publication of the Lords' edition of the same report, of which a very copious abstract appeared ia TC Times of the 17th of August,
THB BIBLB IN INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTfaES. Sir,-Should the people of England pronounoe that this Christian nation shall no longer govern India as it has hitherto done, practically disavowing and denyingits faith, and placingit in abeyance when. ever it pleased the caste Hindoo or the Mahomed&n so to demand, and if it shaU be determined therefore that the past timid, temporizing, "traditional poliey," the product of the irreligion and laxity of morals of a former generation, shaU no longer be our guide, one of the first questions whieh will then arise will be this,-Shall the Bible continue to be, as now, excluded from all Government schools, or shaU it be ir-troduced into them universally as a class-book? It has been alleged that this question rests upon the same basis in India as it does in this country; that as the Bible, owing to the differenees of our various Beets, cannot here be made the commoa classbook, it should not be so used in India. I mnust boe permitted to doubt if this supposed analogy exists, and whether there is not a broad distinction bstwveen the two cases. No section of the British people, I believe, whatever may be their objection to Bible instruction in the State school, advocate or desire that our yoi'th should be brought up without any moral culture, that they should be left in total ignorance of all their obligations to God and man, and be educated, in fact, upon infidel principles. On the contrary, the advocates of the secular system propose to provide for the moral training of the young by the religious teachers of their own denomination and by home insiruction; and they assume that this one great end of education will be attained by these means. It is npon this assumption, and upon this alone, I believe, that the publio mind of this country would give its assent to any system which exe.ludea the BiMle and Bible instruction from its State schools. But how stands the ceae in India? If the Bible and all instruction from it are withheld in the school there, to what moral training is the heathen youth left ? It may have pleased men of some authority in former days to impose upon themnselves and upon others with tales of the gentleness and morality of EIindoo society,* but these figments are dissipated for ever. From what source, too, is the Mahomedan youth to draw his moral instruction ? From his own hateful creed, 'which enjoins upon him as a duty, and s a service acceptable to God, to exterminate or enslave all who wiU not accept the Mahomedan imposture ? In India, then, there are these alternatives :-You must either give the true moral teaching of the Bible, or you must leave the youthful mind of the heathen and the Moslem to the darkneas and foul pollutionst of their own faLse systems. Or, you may adopt as your standard of moral instruction, as the Indian Government scheme of education does, Smith's semi-infidel and baseless (so says Dugald Stewart) "Theory of Moral Sentiments," and thus foist In some small fragments of the morals of Christianity, instead of placing the source whence they are drawn, the Bible in all its Integrity, openly and frankly in the bands of every scholar. It may be asked here, wonld you, then, require all students, without distinction, in the Government schoolsto read theBiblein the school? Ianswer, if you admit that there is no home, nor other moral training, unhesitatingly, yes. I would mnake the Bible, just as the theory of moral sentiments is now made, the basis of the moral instruction; and, as it is not now left optional with the student to attend the class, or to read or not the works appointed as he may think fit, neither would I permit it, when the Bible is made, as I should maintain it ought to be made, in the schools of a Christian Government the basis of its moral teaching. It must be borne in mind, in considering this point, not only that the youth can get no true moral training elsewhere, but that the Government schools are not instituted nor intended for the education solely of the Brahmin, or of the high-caste Hindoo, but their doors are open to aU classes, even to the outcast in Hindoo estimation equaUy with the highest. And I believe it to be capable of demonstration, as well as proved by the statistics of the attendance of heathen at mission schools, that the great mass of the general population entertain no insuperable objection to be taught in the Scriptures. The high-caste Hindoo in Bengal, under the influences there so long at work, and encouraged by the former worthless, temporizing policy, may aver, as the Parsee may at Bombay, that he has an objection to read the Bible in a school class. But let the unsophisticated Brahmin youth from the provinces, not imbued with English infidel notions, b)e asked whether the reading of the Scriptures or the being associated in the same class with the lower grades of his fellow Hindoos-it may be with the outcast-is most opposed to his religious feelings, who that knows what Hindooism is can doubt what the reply would be? Is the British Government, then, intrusted as it is with the well-being of milions, sunk in the darkest ignorance of God, and the victims of the most debasing superstitions, called upon to repudiate its own pure faith and its Bible, to which it owes all its elevation, in deference to Caste prejudices and Moslem bigotry? espeeially while it interferes with no man's concience, and leaves it perfectl;y free to all to receive or reject the teachings of the Bible as each mnay think fit; and while, moreover, at the same time, it is prepared and ready at any moment to give assistance from the Government funds by a grant in aid for any institution the bigoted Hindoo or Moslem may desire to establish for the cultivation of Western literature and science, although every Darticle of God's truth and every ray of Christian light should as far as lies in their power be shut out. More than this it cannot do without being false to its own faith in the eyes of every flindoo and Mahomedan. I would also affirm from experience that sound policy dictates this course as that whieh alone will gain for us the respect of our subjects, and relieve uls from the imputatlon either of being utterly without reliaion, or of acting with a duplicity and timidity unworthy of the British name. There is further no other course by which we can hope to raise up a native agency, elevated, not by intellectual acquirements alone, but in moral character, who can view as we do torture, extortion, and the oppression of the lower classes of society as essential evils, and thus become meet instruments for the just and enlightened government of the countrv. J: F. THOMLAS. I Oct. 26. ' bee the evidence talen upon the renewal of the East India Company's charter in 1813. t See Burne's notioe of the " Moral State of the Iholy City, Bokhara," i
GALLANT REssCE OF SIX SBEAMN.-The survivors of the brig Exchange, of South Shields, have reached their homes, and the account they give of their gailant rescue by the master and crew of the Isle of Mian schooner the Bril. liant is alike honourable to the seamanship and humanity of the master and crew of the latter vessel; their noble oonduct is much praised by the seafaring population of the Tyne. The Exchango left the Tyne with a cargo of coas for Kiel, having ten hands--eight men and two boys-on board. While navigating the Baltic she encountered a fearful gale of wind, and in the storm her deoks were swept of her boats. She also sprung a leak, and it was only by the most strenuous exertions of the crew at the pumps that she was kept afloat. While off the Isle of Rugen she was found to he in a sinking state, and the master, Mr. Hogg, hoisted a flag of distress. The master of the Brilliant observed the brig ahead with her ensign union down, and,though it was blow. ing a gale at the time, he made dovrn to her assisthince. As soon as he got within hail the men in the brig implored him and his crew to endeavour to take them off, as the vessel was sinking under their feet. The master of the schooner states that their condition was most pitiable, and that it brought tears into the eyes of all those on board his vessel. They consulted as to what was best to be done, and two of the men, Patrick Sayle and Willlam Crow, offered to go in the only boat they had on board the schooner au endeavour to save them. They galantly pulled through the storm alongside the brig, and had got the two apprentice lads and three of the seamen into the boat when the brig unfortunately made a roll and stove the boat, throwing all that wure in her into the water. Four of them went under the brig's bottom and were drowned. The two men belonging to the schooner fortunately got hold of lines and sprang on board the brig. The fifth poor fellow floated away on the boat's bottom, and there seemed no prospect of iaviDg the poor castaway when the master of the schooner made a gallant effort to rescua him. He ran his vessel down towards the drifting boat, and made two fruitless attempts to save him; but the third time, as the schooner was passing the poor fellow,a man forward pitched a line upon his head. He grasped it, was hauled aboard ia triumph, and was saved. Mr. Quale then turned his attention to rescuing the men from the sinking brig. Telling them to get ready, he ran his vessel under the brig's stern, with his yardarm upon their taffrail,and was thus enabled to rescue his own two men. The survivors of the brig were too fatigued and henumbed to make such a leap; but having got lines round their waisis, by cleverly handling the schooner the ends of those lines were thrown on board of her, and the poor fellows were dragged through the sea and mercifully saved. Every attention was paid to their wants on board the schooner. The master landed them at Elsinore, whence they were forwarded to their homos by the British consul. The names of the drowned seamen were William Mall, of Guernsey, and George Mitchell, of Dundee, and two lads, Henry Scott and George Cart. wright.
MIfDDLESEX SESSIONS. Tuaday, Ot. 27. (Before Mr. BLLss, Q.C.) George Lloyd, 26, was indicted for feloniously breaking into and entering the shop of Michzel Grouse and stealing therein nine pieces of cloth and other property, value 1. He was aso chaged with receiving. Mr. Hawthorne prosecated; Ar. Ribton appeared for the prIoner. DurLig the night of the 13th inst a robbery was commited on the premises of the prosecutor, a tailor in New Ox'ord-street, who reaides at Camden-town; and it ap. reared from the evidence for the prosecution that at 7 o'clock in the morning the prisoner and another man were Eeen by the police in King-street, Bloomabury, in joint poasemsion of a bag which contained the property which was the produce of the robbery. The other man escaped, and subsequently one William Sinclair was taken on suspicion of being that person, but an alibi was set up before the magistrate, who dischlged him. Lloyd declared that he knew nothing of the other person or of the robbery, and that he was only near him by accident, when he, seeing the police, threw down the bag and ran away; but against this there was the oath of the constable that he saw the prisoner carrying the bag and hand it to his companion just before the iatter threw it down and ran off. Mr. RiBTON, in his address to the jury, suggested that even if they thought they could rely upon the policeman's statement for accuracy, there was stili a doubt, which the prisoner ooght to have the benefit of. It was really a " not proven" case. The jury, after consulting together in a private room for an hour, found the prisoner GuUty of receiving the property feloniously. A previous conviction for burglary, and a sentence of 18 mont, were proved against him, in addition to which it was stated that he had been convicted of pocketpicking and had been the constant associate of the most notorious house. breakers in the rmetropolis. The learned JtuDaz sentenced him to be kept in penal servitude for four years, Thomas Bastin, 20, a pawnbroker's assistant, was indicted for having stolen a ring of the value of 14s., the property of Charlotte Glover. Mr. Hawthorne prosecuted; Mr. Ribton appeared for the prisoner. The prosecutrix, a gaudily dressed girl of the town, lodging in College-street, Chel stated that she became acquainted with the prisoner, who visited ber four or five tim es, although she did not knowr either his name or address On the last occasion he turned over several articles which were upon her dressing-table and seemed much to admire a ring, which she told him, in reply to a question, was given to her by a gentleman who had gone to Australia. After he was gone she missed the ring, and on meeting the pris6ner a few nights afterwards at Cremorne-gardens she asked him for it, and said she would say no more about it if he had taken It in joke, but that if he did not return It she would give him into custody. The prisoner said "- your eyes, I know nothing about your ring," and as he persisted in that assertion she carried her threat into effect, and he was locked up. The ring was afterwards given up to her by the prisoner's father, who wished her to withdraw the charge on payment of a sum of money to cover the expense she had incurred in going about trying to find the prisoner-that expense was about 31. 15s but she was afraid to take the money aa the case was before a magistrate. Alls sh wanted was her ring, as she valued ie far beyond its mere intrinsic worth. In cross-examination she positively stated that when she demanded the ring of the prisoner, on meeting him at Oremorne, he did not say he had not got it "with" him, but that he had not got it "^.t all." 8he had been to Cremorne with him, and had waltzed. He had treated her to refreshment, and he had paid her money at various times. She contradicted a statement made by her before the magistrate at the police-court with reference to a conversation they had had about the ring when he took it up. The depositions were put in as evidence to prove this contradiction. The prisoner made a statement before the magistrate to the effect that, seeing the ring on the table, be took It up and asked if it was hers, placed it upon his finger, and as he was sitting on the sofa when he took it off he put it in his waibtcoat pocket, as he was not near enough to the table to put it where he took It from, and forgot to take it out before he left. The prosecutrix further stated that the prisoner told the liceman that he would return the ring if he had it with *im, but the fact was he had taken it in a joke and had lost it, and would pay double and treble ith value if the charge were not gone on with, but she persisted. Another woman who was vwth the prosecutri2; at Cremorne, corroborated her statement as to the prisoner having positively stated that he knew nothing of the ring. The policeman stated, that when the charge was made the prisoner said-" Don't give me in charge, Lotty ; I did take it, but it was only in joke, and I have lost it; and such a charge will be my ruin." A dealer in jewelry proved that the prisoner left a ring, -that produced or one like it-with him for security of 3s. 6d., the balance of the price of a watch. The ring vas given up to the prisoner's father. Mr. RIBTON addressed the jury on the question of felonious intention. They stopped the case and AcquWed the prisoner. (Beforc Mr. CROS,SY.) Edward George was indicted for stealing 1,000 bricks, the property of Henry Bird. l r. Poland appeared for the prosecution; Mr. T. Salter for the prisoner. The prisoner was employed to cart away bricks from a field at Notting-hill, and he was seen to deliver a load at a place he was not ordered to, but it could not be proved that a load was deficient in the quantity properly delivered. The jury retired to consider their verdict, and eventually Acquied the prisoner. Sarah Clifford and Mary Ann Williams were indicted for stealing a cigar case, value 8s. 6d., the property of Sarah Marshall; four purses, value 14s., the property of Samuel Holman; and 3S yards of cloth, the property of Merrick Waldis. From the evidence given it appeared that the prisoners had been robbing tradesmen by going io shops under the pretence of purchasing some small article, but really for the purpose of stealing anything there nmight be upon the counter. They were convicted and sentenced each to six months' hard labour. Mary Hiudson was brought up from the bridewell, Tothill-fields, to be dealt with as an incorrigible, disorderly person, under the 5th of George 1'. The prisoner was taken into custody for using language of the most filthy description to persons passing along the high road at Brompton, and, having been summarily dealt with no less than 18 times since 1S53 for offences of the same description, she was on this charge committed to hard labour until the quarter sessions, then to be dealt with as the Court should thLnk fit. Mr. CRiu.sY, after fully investigating the circumstances, sentenced the prisoner to six mouths' hard labour. The prisoner was evidently an educated woman, although sbe hab sk to the lowest grades of drunkenness and prostitution. William Southam, 19, a clerk, was indicted for stealing the sum of 251. in gold and banknotes, the moneys and property of Joseph Soldani and another, his masters and employers. He was further indicted for stealing a gold watch and two silver watches, value 151, the property of Jcseph Soldani. Mr. Lewis prosecuted; Mr. Metcalfe appeared for the prisoner. It appeared from the evidence that the prisoner was in the employment of Messrs. Soldani and Co., of Henriettastreet, Covent-garden, and on the 7th of September the prisoner had banded over to him the sum of 251. to invest for his masters in the London and Westminster Bank. The bankers' pasbook was also given to him for the purpose of having an entry made to their credit for that amount. Wbon the book was brought back in a few days an entry was made in it for the sum of 251., but on a subsequent transaction taking place on behalf of MIr. Soldani the ledger clerk at the bank crossed out the entry as to the 251., denyDg that the entry was in the handwriting of the clerk who would receive the money. The prosecutor found that his account in the bankers' ledger was deficient the suRm of 251., and he stated, to the best of his belief, that the entry in the passbook was in the prisoner's handwriting. hfrM ErcsuEs addressed the jury for the prisoner, contending that no proof had been given that the money had not been paid into the bank: nor had the person boon produced whose duty it was to reoeive the money, and who coald, of course, have stated at once -whether or not the entry was in his handwriting. Mr. CRPLtSY summed up, and The jury returned a verdict of Not Git;tu * but the prisoner remains for trial on the other charge. Ann Stevens was indicted for robbing a drunken man of 5s. in a publichouse in Westminster. The man fell asleep, and the prisoner was seen putting her hands into his pockets, from which the money was taken, bht none was found in her possession. The jury AcquiUcd her. Mr. ligby was forthe prosecution; Mr. F. H. Lewis for the prisoner.
POLICE, GLUMDIIALL.-Franbi Allen 'was brought up, charged with being concerned with two others, not in custody, with stealing a ream of printed paper, consisting of 520 copies of the current number of the London Journal, Mr. Clarke, a publisher of Warwick-lane, Newgate.street. stated that he was in his shop on Saturday evening, about 7 o'clock, when tho prisoner and another man came in and a.-ked for some papers, and, while he was looking for thera at the back of his shop he he&rd some of the bundles of paper fall from the counter upon the floor. Having supplied the prisoner and the other man, ho then looked about him, and as soon as they were gone be missed a ream of L..nodn Jo,,rjnas from the counter. He was certain the wen took nothing away with them, and he saw no one enter the shop while they were tbere: hbit he noticed wlhile looking for the papers they required they stood in such a manner as to screen the door from his view. He gave information to the police, and then went in searchl of the prisoner, ,%hom he found in the course of the evening in the Darkbouse passage, leading into Newgate-market. Mobhs, the officer, said he s&aw the prisoner and two other men in company shortly before entertng Mr. Clarke's shop ar,d when he took the prisoner into custody and told him the oharge he denied all knovledge of the matter, The prisoner gave a false address, and afterwards positively refused to state where le lived. He did, however, ultirnately say he lived at Windham-vfllas, Somenrvile.road Tottenbam. WitneM subsequently ascertained that he had an office at 15, BAth-street, Newgate.street; and on going there he found the ream of papers producod. He opened
[Advert1semenL}-Delhi (Siege Of ).-W-yld's Plha of the Siege Works and Attack of Delhi. by It e- erOese. n ,heet, 2a. 6d1.; in case. 45. 6d. Ind ,W3r§d' e- Majo f hndea. wit ihe (GII1 an2d MIlWYa Stations, an4 the L sN K Ofld* Wiiths n she,&; In WId's new Map of Indi an Brih-in 13. WM's Idia, 1o lx heet Is. In 1mee, 2e. Wyld's new map Of the verind outefro Engandto India; In sheet, E..; In 115. Jmes Wld, pme tothe Quen haring-ss m [Adertsemnt.-The Fall of Delhi.-In celebration of the riumh e Ineico(weloomed by the ardent " rtosogmilu Of Rtihheate) , b autfl chazaeeriotirmarah Lsaireoan,cnouno ae eznpoed b StehenGlover, whese comnpoettons in thI line are so muc adnic~a an towhM the MUsIc-loving Dublin are Indebted for the(gibrted"letratMarh" and mans, ethers of great porrulact,. Th new mac sinStephen GioTer's beet atyle, and bide fAir long to outlatit the OcaInwhich liu given it birth, The theme Is original, exremh, and inid apu Its treatment masterl, and opirlt.stlsinp ,in the mexteme Iti ubid by Robert Cocks and Co. (Her j.ajesty's mee u,blishers), of New flurlisigton-street, W. Price as. 6d. (A Oertienentpurm Te Story of Mdy Life," jb& ,ord Wrilliama Lennox, In 3 vole., is new ready at Il the IraIee."A capWItlbook,.andwedoubt netIt willbe eminently auosceaul. M'ulof srrerkling anetiote ad dyiigs,dventm4e,itfxehthefdeil'atktion at once, and nevel allows his lutereet to flag from the ovenIng pae to the eneOmnL" nde "he voumesare wail WitUten and neverdulL-ExaI~ "'he Sory f MyLife' contains the experiecesat mn wo hs eena gea del o te world. It aboonids in l'slie setcesof lases hih adlow.' Mudrstled News. 'TheStor ofMy Lfe'Is wittn bya mn of long experience in
THE ROYAL NATIONAL LIFEBOAT INSTITUTION. -The following is a list of the lifeboats belon n to or in coruexion with the Royal National SUbat Institation, stationed on different points of the Co3s' of the UnitedKingdom:-Berwick-on-Twecd; Northum. herlxiud-Borlvier, Alimouth, Hlauxley, Newvbiggin, and Cul!ercoats; Durham-Whitburn and Seaton Carew; Yorkshire-Filey, Bridlington, and Hornrea; SuffolkLoNwestoft, Pakefield, Southwold, Thorpeness, and Aldborough; Kent-Walmer, Dover, and Dcngeness; SQnL-Ix -Camber, Rye, Eastbonrne, and Newhaven * DorEetshiyeLyme IRegis; South Devon-Teigomouth ; Cornwall-Penzance, Sennen Cove, Padstow, and Bude Haven; North Devon-Appledore, Nos. 1, 2, and 3; South WalcsLlanelly, fenby, Fishguard, and Cardigan; North Wales -Aherdovey, Barmont , Portinadoc, and Rhyl (tubular) Angleses-'emlyn, No. 1; Holyhead, No. 2; Rhoscol7n, No. 3; Penmon, No. 4; Llanddwyn, No. 5; and Aloplire, No. 6 ; Lanceshire-Lytham; Isle of Man-Castletown. Ireland-Newcastle, Dundrum; Drogheda; SE'erries, county of Dublin; Wicklow. Arklow, Cahore, Kilmore, Youghai, Ballycotton, and Westport. Lifeboats are also about being placed by the society at Brighton and HIastinas, eud at Groomsport in Ireland. Each lifeboat is suppTied when requnired with a transportlng carriage. E3very kind of store, ln6luding Ward's cork jsackets for each msan of the crewoi also provided for the hoat. Each lifeboat of the fnstitution has a master or coxswain attached to her, at a salary of SL a-year, and a volunteer crew, who are paid either 5s. or 3s. a man, according to the state of the weather; every qoar. ter'hey are required to go afloat in the lifeboat for exercisc. Some of these boats are old, and are nox by the society being gradually replaced by new lifeboats. To enable the institution to maintain its numerous lifeboats in a state of efficiency, and either to increase their number or to replace others which are no longer fit for service, the committee earnestly appeal to the public for support, REPRESENTATION OF HArwIOII.-HAUwIOIc Monday, Oct. 2B.-A profound sensation has been created in this town by the unexpected and melancholy death of Major Warburton, who was for the first time returned as one of thierepresentatives of tihe borough at the general election in March last. Political parties are already on the qu11 vise, and several candidates +'or the vacant seat are spoken of. The Eupporters of Lord Palmerston's Government are canvassing on behalf of Mr. Benjamin Greene, the well-known shipbuilder, wbile the independent Liberal party are desirous of securing the services of Mr. Horatio ,ove, the chairrnan of the Eastern Counties Railway. The Gonservative party have it in contemplation to invite Mr. H. T. Prinsep, a director of the East India Company, or Mr. G. Montague Warren Peacocke, barrister, who represented Maldon in the last Parliament, but who was defeated at the last general election. No definite arrangements have, however, yet been made. The state of the poll for Harwich at the last general electionwas as follows:-hr. Bagshawe (Ministerialist) 173; Major Warburton (MIinistnrialist), 148; Air. Jervis (Conservative), 114; Mr. Greene (Ministerialist), 9S. Since the last election a considerable number Of now voters ha-ve been placed on the registtr, and any contest that may take place will probably be an unoaually close one. r.AdvertisementJ-5-Fll of Delhi.-Plan of the City of D~bilsasie-sjnScm's nxs each op of ths " Dispatch" will be flCwpinsied witb a plan Of the city o,f elbi, uviform with the Atlas. To eSSnt dlsappoiatmen,t cenisequast uprte eomosalofle " Patab." Persons desiroua or poutc5In1 the ' DoispatuhBoleourted Atlas" avs Informed that Should the nwespaperb~e ouathCoofurinewdl wblc amyeparcler Ra a en seee uch map may be ohlossaed lheras for the eccuent week,Ete ot the Dispath AxlesMap WI)e onvrdedi scatia vishthe paper. The price of thoe Fridy eenlZ edti' ma sts~sdItogofree bygaet) lid. The be see sod n 'ir t dfEtaut pasts of rdesseesteed by a es
BERMUDA AS IT IS.* A v'oyage to the " still vexed Bermoothes " is not usumlly reckoned among the pleasures of travelling; it is a matter of stern military duty or of Bterner penal clscipline. Old auntiors re'-~ to that distant region r 3 the " Isle of Devi's; " ShakepDrian cowmentators identify it as the Island o'f Caliban; modern readers recognize it as the purgatory of convicts. According to the de3cription of Sir Charles Napier, the terra firma is so contracted that the smell of cedar, its principal production, is overpowcred by the smell of ram, its principal commodity; according to the present writer, every inch of rock, every blade of grass, every drop of water is covered with an atmosphere of densest dulness; and by way of practical illustration we may add tha. when poor Thomas Mlc )re went out to these illfavoured islands, enticed by a lucrative appointment, he by a great effort bore up against the oppressive genius of the place for the incredible period of three months, at the end of which he departed for EB.. land, leaving a deputy behind him to pocket his fees, to embezzle the public moneys, and nearly to ruin the charact-r of the poet. Yet, as the creative mind contrives to evoke something out of nothing, as chymists distil the most delightful perfurres from the most intolerable odours, as poets have written sowe of their wittie6t verses in celebration of dunces and ciulness, as fire comes from flint, and fresh fish from the salt sea, the author of the present publication has produced a good book oat of a barren theme, and made that pleasant to the imagination which is unendurable in reality. Prospero of old did not more mysteriouslv release the tricksy spirit of Ariel from the cloven pine than the anonymous " Field Officer" of the volume before uls elicits good humour aud bright cheer from the desolate reefs and wiudy slopes of the Bermudas. He has even persuaded himself, and would fain persuade his readers, that if the islands were only brought a trifle nearer to Engalnd, if they could get rid of the yellow fever in the summer months, if the roads were passable ard horses worthy of their corn were procurable, if one could enrich the place with a little good society, if one cool" get a drop of spring water to drink, if one couln .o Some extent mitigate the tyranny of rum, if, in short, one could completely remodel the Bermudas, they might be transformed into a watering-place as pleasant as Tenby or Scarborough, and, instead of being the abode of our involuntary exiles, might become a resort as fashionable as the Isle of Wight. So we are once more almost led into the delusion by which our forefathers of blessed memory were induced to corrupt one of the original names of the group fro'n the Somers Islands into the Sammer Isles. Not that the present work contains matter only for amusement ; it contains still more matter for instruction, and it is, indeed, because the views of the author seem to be worthy of consideration that we call attention to his book, the title of which suggests that it has a higher object than mere entertainment. It would, perhaps, be scarcely fair to the Bermudians to accepQ all his statements implicitly, and in the foUowing account we must not be suppoc3d to vouch for every faul. All that is in our power is to say that if the facts are credible, then the tnferences of the writer are entitledto some authority. The Bermudas are a group of 365 islands-at least, so the natives count tbem, probably in that number including many sunken rocks, in order to provide an island for every day in the year. Geographically they may be classed with the West Indian Islands, although in physical character and for strategic position they are quite distinct. As that "lIt'tle military hothouse," Malta, is fixed in the Medierranean, these islands are set in the Atlpnt4c, the fu!crum of our armies and navies, and the pedestal of our supremacy. The importance of the Bermudas in this respect, however, id not, according to the presert author, sufficiently recognized, and both as a colony and as a pri- on, not 7ess than as a fortress, the public are inadequately acqusainted with the state of the islands. In fact, cimost the sole interest which intelligent readers thke in this peculiar group is of a kind that connects it with the impossible and chirnerical. Although commentators seem to have a good deal to say about the matter, there is really no room to doubt that Shakspeare had no intention of making the Bermudas the scene of The Tlemvpest * et in'hononr of the oreat clram,,fkf. t.llrn are in popular apprehension sunrrendered to monstrocity and fiction. Wa3ler sang of it with curious ignorance; Marvel sang of it with a precision that made his ignorance still more obvious. After the poets had made it thus marvellous came a philosopber to render it ridiculous. The Intellectof Bishop Berkeley was of the subtlest order, aud his heart had a nobility which was very strange to the 18th eentury. He was an enthusiast, and among the ecurtiers of those days the schemes of an enthusiast had no chance of success. To establish a college of missionaries in the Bermudas for the benefit of Noi h American Indians was an undertaking that seemed to be worthy of the High Priest of Laputa. The good bishop was laughed al and nearly ruined. He lost the greater part of his fortune in the enterprise, he spent seven of the best years of his life in promoting it, and? sick a,, heart with the failure of his hopes and the apathy of his friends, he returned to his native land, leaving the islands which had previously been regarded as a sort of asylumfor the poets to be henceforth associated with the follies of a pbilosopber who disbelieved in the existerce of matter. WVhatever the defects of Berkeley's plan, he was no doubt led by a true instinct to select the Berinu- as the steppingstones to America. It was in the prospect of establishing his college in these islands for the training of pastors for our colonists and missionaries for the native Indians that he penned those verses which our kinsmen of the United States delight to remember - " Weseward the course of empire takes its way; " The four first aets already past, "A fifth shall close the drama of the day; "Time's noblest offspring is the last." The moral influence which he sought to establish over the American continent, with the Bermudas as the base of his operations, corresponds with the more material influence which the "Field Officer" suggests, that, using the same base, we should exert over tbe Transatlantic seaboard. Singularly enough, too, the first governor o! the islands, although despatched by a trading company for the express purpose of making money, set himpelf at once to fortify the islands, regarding them much in the same light ratber as a military position than as a cowmercial field. The earliest colonists were sert out by that great company of adventorers who had for some tiue ruled the American colonies, and to whom King James I. had g.anted the newly-discovered islands by letters patent. It appears that they chiefly relied on the profits which they expected from the collection of ambergris, cedarwood, a tree in great repute called yeUowwood, and from the production of tobacco. They did not in thosE days count upon that arrowroot for which the Bermudas are now celebrated. With these views the company sent out in 1612 Master Richard More, a carpenter by trade, with a party of O0men; and Governor More, instead of procceding to fell trees and collect ambergris, began to raise foli s and to establish a strong government. From a fear that the infant colony might be attacked by the Spaniards he built or laid the foundation of eight or nine forts, bat much to the dissatisfaction of his employers, who, not being pacified by the expected ambergris, recaUed the governor. Successive governors were appointed, more colonists were despatched, some of them described as of such ' bad condition that it seemed they had picked the males out of Newgate and the females from Bridewell ;" stil, a mercantile commnunity, the colony can scarcely be regarded as a great success. All its importance and most of its activity depend on the militaiy aud penal establishments which are located in the islands. It is true that of late the colony has greatly increased both in wealth and in numbers; still there are causes which must always limit its resources, and in the opinion of the present author it is e-xtremely aoubtful whether the capabilities of the islands can be much further developed. The existing population is supposed to be about 12,000, exclusive of the military residents and the convict gangs. As in 1841 the numbers were 8, 624, it will be observed that the increase has been very considerable. Of this population, however, about two-thirds are negroes-a proportion I which certainly does not tend to elevate the I character of the colony. Not onlyis the balance of population overset between race and race,-it is stilt ; more fatally lost between the sexes. Both among the blacks and among the whites the women have for a long time predominated in number. The men go forth to America, or anywhere out of their native purgatory, to seek their fortunes, and the islands are left in the possession of a battalion of spinsters who seem to increase year by year, until in time we - BermwZa: a Colony, a Fortress, and a Prison; or FighteeVfonths in te Soaers ,tlands. By a Field Officer. sdold ; 0D)3gaw nray expect to find t'em LkA sole inhabitants o the Bermudas-a particolourcl cornmlmuity, realiv;ng tbe asphiatjons ol thePrincess o: MIr.Ten-yson. Hiowthis want of harmony in the pro,ortion3 of the poppula. tiou acts it is not difficult t) perc^ive. A single fact w;ll llustrate the struggle of race with ra^e. Some worthy people in this country wished to establish on ra;her a liberal scale a collegiate institution in the B1-muda--it was, in fs^t, to bea revival ou the model of Oxford aud Cambridge of Berkeley's College; but tiey stipuNited against all adNice tha' it shov&d be opeu alike to the whi.es ard tD the blacks. It is IIow in full ac:ivity, and, savs the " Field Officer," the consequence is that it is now merely a free school for the blacks alone. It is all very weU for us who live only among our own people to forget the antagonism of race, aud to laugh at the prejudices of colour; nature is not to be tramp]ed out by theories, and especiaUly it must be remembered that where the whites are in a minority whatever repugnance really exists is stimulated into more than usual activity. It is the natural order that where the two races ex:t together either the whites, when they are more numerous, will, if not by slavery, at all events, by some form of social tyranny, keep the blacla3 under; or tle latter, when they happen to bh more nunmerous, not being able to subdue a superior race, will gain the day by the simple pro. cess of displacing the whites, expelling or e:terminating them. The result of the disproportion of races which is thus apparent in the history of the college referred ta will be stiU further justified if we consider the effects of that other disproportion in the population on which we have remarked. The result of a considerable disparity between the sexes, which gives the numerical majority to the women, is always unfavourabie to morality. Now, among the negro population of the Bermudas this law exhibits itself in uncontrolled action; they are notoriously unchaste; marriage is almost unknown amoug them. There is no shame nor concealment about the matter. The author gives the sort of dialogue usual between ladies and domestic servants who are candidates for a situation. Lady.-" Are you married?" Servant.-" No." Lady.-" Have yoas children l" Servant.-" Yea." Lady.-" How many ?" and the answers are according to the number, answers given with the coolest efrontery, with laughter even, and leaving the poor lady no choice whatever, for, as the author adds, " sooner or later nearly all the coloured females arrive at the same state of unblessed ma,ernity." In one case the candidate was so very young that in employing her the lady thought it needless to ask the usual questions, till one day, when a baby Was wasthe subject of talk, the girl happened to say, "Oh, I know all about children; I have had three myself 1" and, by way of illustrating the regard in whichmarriage isheld by these negroes, we may add that the most severe term of opprobrium which a black cook in the height of her anger could apply to one of her fellow-servants was "soldier's ivfe, soldier's (;ife." It was with the children of a race thus demoralized that the children oi the white colonists were expected to mingle in the routine of a scholastic life; and who can wonder that the college shou'd be lef' entirely to) the more numerous and degraded party ? Por this foin of immorality does not manifest it-slf in the s3me glaring way a'nong the white3. The whites,indeed, havetheir vices, as they have everywhere, but that extraordina'y license which we should expect as the invaUiable result of a majority of women is in tbe Bermudas restrained by an accident of c'imate. There is not a drop of spring water to be obtained; the only fresh water is rain, which falls in corsiderable quauti'ies. To the whitms this is a great privation-a much greater privation than to the blacks,who ala constitutionally adapted to the exigercies of an arid soil and a parching climate. The whites, therefore, temper the rain-water with rium, of which as well as of other alcoholic drinks tbey consume a large quantity. They are, in fact, a drauken population, and here it comes to pass that Satan casts out Satan, and that vice approves itself intolerant of vice. For, although in individuals drunkenness often leads the way to every sort of license, yet in the mass it seems to be incompatible with other vicious appetites; and it will be found that nations remarkable for social irregularities have a character for sobriety, while, on the other hand, nations notorious for intemperance have a reputation for the domestic virtues, and sometimes even pride themselves on their religious faith. As in the fact that the most contemptuous epithet in the cook's vocabulary was "soldier's wife," we have an indication of the negro opinion regarding marriage; so in the eulogium passed upon a certain white female we may detect the current feeling with regard to sobriety. It appears that the natives of the Bermudas indulge freely in poetry, that "a butcher's babe cannot die, nor a whaler's wife take her final departure, but straightway the little public is called upon to sympathize with paternal and marital woes." The columns of the four weekly newspapers are crowded with " Stanzas to Susan" and " Odes to a cherub." In one of these laudatory effusions, in which the author Was lamenting the des th of some fair one whom he had painted as a paragon of virtue, he was towards the end of his elegy induced to inquire into the cause of the lady's decease. The answer which he gave in the usual higlifown terms when expressed in plain prose comes to thiE-she had been kicked to death by a donkey when under the influence of new rum. Having stated these two broa;d facts regarding the two races, we state everything with regard to the colony. The state of society may easily be imagined-how class is separated from class and race from race in that puny 12,000; how a hotelkeeper refuses to permit a naval officer to give a glass of wine in the hotel sitting-room to the black steward of the vessel inthe harbour ; how insolert the blacks are and how careless of employment, seeing that they can pass the day very comfortably on a pennyworth of treacle mixed in a peculiar manner with water; how the women have no dignified pursuits and spend their time in trifling gossip; how the dames of St. Ceorge's are jealous of the dames of Hamilton; how danicing is the great object of life and the ladies walk miles to the beUroom carrying their ball dres.:as in a carpetbag; how in some instances these ball dreeses are made up with a most laudable economy from the modquito nets w?th which on tie previous night the beds of the young ladies were protected ; and how, in this way, the women vegetate from year to year, in solre instances not even having travelled to the next town, within tbe narrow limits of a group of islands, which can be circumnavigated in a few hours. In so far as there is any real activity ia the islands, if we are to credit the account of the " Field Officer," it is displayed in a system of the most determined dishonesty. This is exhibited not merely in the casualties of crime and in the petty depredations of trade, but also in the sober business of legislation. The Bermudas are ruled by a Governor, a Council, and a House of Assembly. The constitution of this Hoase seems exceedingly cumbrous, and the whole macbinery of government is in need of reform; but the particular form of corruption to which we at present refer, as an indication of legislative dishonesty, arises out of the regulation that the members of Assembly are paid I two dtollars a-day for the days on which _ey I sit, even if they meet merely to adjourn again. A story is told of one mnember who was a carpenter, and who, in order both to carry on his business and to earn his two dolars, transferred his place of work to the irmediate neigtbourhood of the House of Assernbly, into which, on the occasion of a division, he would pop just in time to vote and to secure his pay; and any one who will take the trouble to read a list which the "Field Officer" has appended to his volume-namely, a list of Acts passed by the Legislature of Bermuda during the session which commenced on the 22d of May, 1855, and ended on the 30th day of October following, will I find that one-half of them are " Acts to continue Acts".-in other words, Acas which are I really permanent int intention, but which are passed temporarily to be renewed after a short interval, in order to create work for the Legislature ard secure the two dollars a-day for the meiubers of the House of Assembly. The " Field Officer" naturaUy asks- "W Vhy are these things allowed to go oni? Why is this paltry colony endowed with the form of a free Government, which it knows not how to appreciate?' 'Why are not the Bermudus subjected to the healthy despotism of amilitarystation, likeGib raltar?" These questions are not unnanural if the financial position of the colony is considered. The revenue of the colony is under 12,0001., to which the home Government adds some 4,5001., rnaking the expenses of the local Parliament, including the civil list, about 16,OOOL a-year. But the sum of 4 5001. by no means repesents the total cost of the Bermudas to the English Government. It is difficult to say precisely what is the coaV of the dockyard e3tab~iahments1 nAyal lios-~ p;t l, the Commissariat and the ConN:ct Dep_ix wrents ; but the toti expendittire of Great ftit%4' has bcen esL'naLed at 210,0Ci., aud if that esti;mate be coreect; we spend in the Dcrmndas about 20 times as niuch as the colony itself disburses. In forming an opinion, however, of the financial importance of a colony, it is usual not only to take into account the expenses of administration, but also to look to the value of its imports and exports. Nowr, in 1855, the imports amounted to 162,0001., as compared with 125,0001. in 1838, and 138,0001. in 1844, while the exports were 41,0001. in 855, 20,0001. in 1838, and 22,0001. iu 1844. These figures are trifling enough, but it will be observed that they exhibit a progressive increase from year to year, and the conclusion may be drawn that the resources of the country admit of considerable expansion. That inference, however, is premature, for it is the opinion of competent judges that the productive power of the soil, fertile as it is, cannot be much further iucreased, and that the population is not likely to rise much above its present level. In these circumstances, and, above all, taking into account that the Imperial Government spends in the islands about nine-tenths of the total expenses of the place, the question rccurs-What is the use of letting the;,e islanders play at Parliaments at the rate of two dollars a-day for each legislator? Or, if they must have the forms of a free Government, why do we not remodel the constitution, which dates from the days of the Stuarts, and has in the course of time become utterly rotten?2 The Colonial Parliament is not likely to reform itself, seeing that any measure of i3form would probably deprive many members of a support on which they are suppcaed to depend; an d if the Parliament is naeither to be abolished nor to be reformed, still surely there ought to be some concentration of power in the stipreme authority. If the Bermiudas are at all valuable, it is ch;efly as a military and naval station. That fact might per*aips necessitate a double authority; but there are more than two, there are three nearly independent authorities in the islands-a colonel who is civil governor, a colonel who commnands the troops, and an admiral who rules the dockyard, the convict establishment not requiring a separate chief, being placed under the superintendence of the civil goveruor. The "Field Officer" points out that in this division of authority is manifested a total misapprehension of the uses of the island. As a colony its sympathies are rather American than English. In the great American war the colonists plundered the powder magazine to sell the ammunition to their brothers of the continent; it is to the LTnited States that the ambitious young Bermudians go forth in search of fre3h fields and pastures new; and it is from America that the Islands are chiefly provisioned. These facts are of importance in any survey of the military position of the Bermnudas, Ps the greatest difficulty in defending them for any length of time would arise out of the straits of the comrnissariat when the American markets are closed, a difficulty, however, which the "Field Officer" has probably exaggerated. Salt meat, indeed, can scarcely be preservcd for more than a year in that climate, anzd cattle and sheep, as we'! as corn, are brought only from the United States, but, on the other band, some corn is raised in the islands. The soil is very favourable to vegetable growth; and in the summer months abundance of .ish may be obtained. Although English soldiers might not for any length of time be cortented with such a diet, still it is not unhealthy, and It might serve until better provisions are supplied. The real dificulty in preserving the islands from attack is to be found in the weakness of the defences. We have 200 guns of insufficient calibre to defend a position which demands, and which a great military nation would deem worthy of, 1,000 pieces of artillery. There is not even a good military road to enable us to make the most of a moveable batiery; and the safety of the islands depends on the presence of a fleet. Last autumn a couple of gunboats were sen' there to be laid up ready for future use. It is obvious that this rode of defence, though useful as auxiliary, can scarcely be regarded as sufficient in it,elf and ought on no account to be our principal resource. The Bermudas are an admirable station for assembling an expedition and despatching it with secrecy and rapidity to any part of the icontinent, but it would entail rather too much expense to maintain the cu.nbrous machinery of a fleet solely for a guard to a fortress which ought to be able to protect i'self. and yet the "Field Officer" says truly that if these islands should ever fall into the possession of the 1nited States or of any other Power it will be a severe blow to the influence of Great Britain in the New World. There are some, it may be, who regard the very mention of war as an ofifnce, and who refuse to perceive that nations in closest alliance retain still the rivalries of men. xie too, recognize the amicable feeling that exists betwreen this countiry and the United States; we rejoice to think that, spite of minor differences, a better understauding now prevails between the two countries than has been known since the colo.,3es asserted their independence; and we are assured that both among ourselves and among our Transatlantic kinsmen the prospect of a war between the two great division3 of the Anglo-Saxon race is regarded with the horror due to fratricide. StlI, in thece days of European conflict and Indian mutiny we have had too poignant reason never to forget the lesson that peace is to be m'intained only by preparing for war, and that even among brothers affection nced not be diminished by the precautions necessary to independence and selfpr3servation. These are the considerations which make the Bermudas important as a military station, and which justify any anxiety that may be expressed regarding their defences. In these remark-s we have taken but small account of the Bermudas as a penal colony; nor is thesa much to be said upon this point. The "Field Officer" complains of the laxity of discipline among the convicts, and of the tenderness with which they are treated. He contrasts, for example, the fare of our soldiers and the fare of our felons. Soldier's fare is limited to one pound of bread and one pound of meat daily, each man buying his own groceries and liquor. Felon's fare amounts daily to one pound 11 ounces of bread, one pound and a quarter of meat, half a giUlof rum, sweetened cocoa for breakfast, and a supper equally good. As for labour, the utmost exacted from the convicts on these islands is nine hours a day in summcer and eight in winter, while those who have any distance to march to their work have their holurs of labour shortened by the time which the journey occupies. It is perhaps unavailing at present to dwell on facts such as these, aud to attempt to dispense even justice to the honest workman and to the convictea criminaL The convict establishment of the Bermudas is but a section of an extended system of penal discipline which is now on its trial, and any criticism applied to a part bears with more or less force upon the whole. The system is confessedly far from perfect, and that is nearly aUl we can say in the meantime. The convicts, who number about one-eighth of the entire population of the islands, are employed in the works of the dockyard and of the Royal Engineer Department; and the peculiarity of the arrangements by which the Bermudas became a penal establishment is this, that the prisoners are conveyed to the settlement, and at the end of the termns for which they were sentenced, or sooner, they are conveyed back again to the mother coiutry, there to be released. No convict is allowed to remain in the islands. In a single instance, the rule has been relaxed irn favour of a convict who was sentenced under peculiar circumstances, whose fate the Bermudlans commiserated, and who has proved to be exceedingly useful to them in providing them with what previously they bad rather wantedhorses. Otherwise the rule is stictly enforced, and year by year we send out hundreds of prisoners, only to receive them again wi-en they have undergone their punishment. This is no doubt an evil to the mother country, but it is an evil with which we are well acquairted, aud which does not call for discussion at present. The only question which is really interesting in connexion with the leading idea of the volume before us is this,_-fowr does the convict cstablisbment affect the Bermudas, viewing them simply as a military settlement ? It is a question that Is easily answered. A large body of piasoners are no doubt an element of weakness in a fortress; but they have this advantage in the Bermudas-they provide the Government with comparatively cheap labour in a locality where labour is excessively dear. In this view the deportation of prisoners to these islands must be regarded as a necessary evil, and we must contixue as best we can to make use of the Bermudas in tlim threefold character of colony, fortress, and prison. We ought to make them a great fortress, but in spite of ourselves they are a great prisn,
TEB INDIAN RBLIBP FUND. BTRMIN(4lrA M. The subscriptiong in ald of the fund here have been vorj" lagely increased by contributions from the churches nud cb,els in the town. The total contributions at preeent amount to upwards of 4,2731. BILSTON. 31r. Richard Edridge, the chairnisn of the Indian Relief Committee, has received up to this time somewhat over 12l. OICBRNCESTE:L A publio meetinig of the inhabitanti of this town and, neighbourhood was held esterday (Tueaday) for the pur- se of raising a subscription for the relief of tho sufferers by the Indian mutinies. The High Bailiff of the borough, Mr. Robert Alexander Anderson, presided. Letters were read from Earl Bathurst, who sent a check for 251., the Rev. Canon Porwell, and others, regretting their unavoidable absenoe, but sympathizing with the objects of the meeting. The follownng letter from the Hllon. W. L. Bathurst, one of the clerks of the Privy Council, was also read amid loud cheers:- J"Privy Counci-office, Oct. 28. sir,-It wBi not b3 i-n my power o attend the meetiag at CiOen. oe*er on Tne&AAy next, asebhed fcr the Purme ot riding the geseral subscription to the sufferers Kom the Indian mustinses. It is hily creditable to the borough and tik neighbourhood that they should some forward in uniso a with the univeral feeling of the ootxnry to exra their sympathy on this afflictig ooceou. " The unparalleled atrocities which hbae been farpetrated in India, andthe indigeno and ru'n wbich have len on tamilI who were ir the onloyment prelorvly of ease, comfor, and cospi;prative aficeDus, cal not only for the exprscsion of commiseration, buti likewise for actirve endeaours to assist, as far an human meaca Wll adiU t, those who have been involved in Irretrievable calamity. " That retributlie jueticeahonid be administered to the guity, ter. pfred with mer to women and children, i4 I believe, the 1sh of alireasonable persons. *- It is high"7 c3nsolatery to learn from the Lamimable cpesch of his Boyal Highoess the Oommander.inSnief that recruiting for the arms uever proceeded In a more estisfactory mlanner-a Plain proof tat the People ar Drepared to supp rt kier bleiety's Government, not)ouly bj words, but by acts, in their detirrnduation to Tindicate the honour of their oDoutry, and Dut dow, and punish her revolted subjects in the "That sucoms wll ultimately attend our efrorts I do not doubt bnt aithoush It may tske A long tlme to eim the troubled waters of sedition, yet I trust that, with the aid of Provldec,e, oar empire in ndia may for the future bei more firmly consoldated, Dand that sad curer foundatios than ever.sgrnent there ou "Ienctoeeyou a chsckforglO and re~set that I could not per. *: I b,voetbhonour to beim WM, h. B&APHiTF.ST. Capt. ALLREX A. BATIItRST, MI.P., moved the first resolution. He said they were met together to express their sympathy with our suffering feUow-countrymen in India, and to alleviate, as far as possible, the bitterness of their distress. It was not their provinoe to investigate the causes which had produced the revolt. It was sufficient to enlist their sympathies that a powerful army had suddenly risen against ts, aud perpetrated deeds of violence, which had no parallel in the darkest ages of the past. Whilst our gallant countrymen were doing their duty in punishing with a strong arm the atrocities of the revolted army, we had also our duty to perform at home. (Cheers) It was with great pleasure, therefore, that he proposed the following resolution - 1That this meeting, deeply deploring the lamentable events which have occu3ied during the mutiny and rebellion in India. desirea to ex preera Its sorrow for the sufferings of our oountrymen, and Its earnest praer that, by the blessing of i upon our arms, tranquility &A order may be speedily restorvd.' (Cheers.) Mr. J. HI CRAwFoRD seconded the resolution, which was unanimously agreed to. Mr. T. C. BRoWX proposed the next resolution hTbat with the view of mitigating the miefortunes of our couztymen in India, both civil and mWiltary, w'd their unhappy relative, who may need aesistance, a subscription be raised in this borough, to whicb all who have not alreaiy done co be requested to oontribute, and that the money so ooUeeted be paid over to the general Indi3 Relef unId, now forming li the kingdom." Mr. BROWN vindicated his right, as a member of the Society of Friends, to take part in this movement, and. deprecated that sectarianism, both religious and politiccl, which caused persons to stand aloof from public measues bknuse they were not on every point uranimous, He did not approve, in common with Christians generaUy, of war in the abstract, but as long as society was made up of good. and bad there must be a power to keep down wickedness in whatever shape it appeared. (Cheoers. Mr. R. MuJINGs seconded the resolution, and statedthat his relative, Mxr. Mullings, M.P., would have been present, but his health had reniered necessary a sojourn in the south of France. Mr. FRrnDExRIcK Cscrps proposed, and Mr. G. F. Ngw. MARCH reconded, the appointment of a committee to receive and solicit subscriptions. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. DIRTMOUTH. A publio meeting has been held in this town, under the presidency ot the Mayor, Sir H. P. Seale. Resolutions expressiveo f sympathy with the suffi<rers, and determining on a public subscription, were unanimousiy passed, and a committee wras a ppointed to carry the same into effect. A letter was read from Mr. Caird, M,P. for the borough, offering a subsersphon of 101. DUDLEY. The canvass at Dadley, which Is not yet completed, has realized nearly S0OI. EXMOUTH. The amount collected in this town aCmounts to the sum of 21.91. RHNLEY. A sum of 2381. ha; been contributed by the inhabitants of this borough, LEA&MINGTON. The subscriptions in this towrn to the present time exceed 1,4001. Among the principal contributors are Lord Leigh, the Lord-Lieutenant of the county, 501.; Sir Charles Des Vcex 501.; Dr. Jephson, 251. LICEFIELD. The last published statement for the dty of Lichfield and' its neighbourhood showed that upwards of G600. had been received. RPGELEY. The Rugeley subscriptions amount to about 861. SALISBURY. The subscriptions received by the Mayor of SWlisburp(Mr. T. Pain) amount at thepresent time to between SOO? and 9001. TORQUAY. Upwards of 550!. has been collected in this town. WIMBORNE. A public meoting of the inhabitsnts of Wimborne, Dorset, ard its neighbourhood, has been convened for Friday next. It wI be presided over by the Earl of Shaftesbury. WOLVEREAmPTON. Last night a monster tea meeting in aid of the Indimn Relief Fund took place at a station on the Stour Valley Railway in the neighbourhood of this tovn. There were upwards of 1,000 persons present. The idea of holding such a meeting and adding the proceeds to the fund for the relief of the Irdian sufferers originated with the differentreligionsbodiesinthe locality, and it was most successfully carried out. The charge vwas Is. Gd. per head, and after paying all expenses it is calculated that a sum of ,il. w;iU remain over, in addition to which there was a colection made at the door. Mr. G. B. Dxnwade ocon. ed the chair, and speeches upon the Indian mutinies were diveredhby him and other gentlemen during the evening. The subscriptions for Volverhampton and the district already received by the Town-clerk, who is the hon. secretory of the fund, amount to up ;ards of 1,3001.
TO THB EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The telegram from India in 27tc Times of this dayannounces the arrival of the Thebes screw steamer at (0lUe on the 3d of October, but does not notice that vessl's very rapid pusage, which, including stoppages at St. Vincent's and the Cape of Good Hope, only occupied 64 days, the vessel having sailed from Kingatown on the 31st of Jaly. We think lit but an nct of justice to the builders of the Thebes (Messrs. W. Denny and Brothers, of Dambarton) that this fact should be nsaAe known at a time when the pablic are so anxiously watching the relative performances of the screw steamers and sailing vessels in the Indian transport service. We are, Sir, your obedient servants, (l. A N- A TrUI' I'. . .- - . 12, Old Broad-street, Oct. 27.
DESmRuCTrVx FIRE.-Yesterclay morning, about D o'clock, a fire of considerable magnitude, and nearly attended with fatal results to several persons, brokeout in the premises occupied by Mr. W. Dowers, known as the Golden BaD Tavern, situated in King-street, Long-acre. At the time of the discovery there were sleeping in the house the landlord, his wife, and their servant girl, named Elizsbeth Stanway. The discovery was wseie by a police-officer of the F division, whose attention was attracted to the plaoe by perceiving a lurid glare of light shining through the chinks in the window-shutters of the bar. This satisfied hian that the premises wvere on fire, and forthwith he raised an alarm and aecceeded In awakening the inmates, but, owing to the strong hold the fire had obtained tnd the dense inasese of heated smoke that were ascending the staircase, they were unable to descend by the regular maeans, nd made their appearance at the second floor window, crying piteously for help. The three persons were just in the act of throwing themselves oun of window wvhen the polioe advised them to remain util the arrival of the Royal Society's escape, which was on its road towards the house. The Long-acre escape came up under the charge of Conductor Paine, who placed the machine In front of the premises, and happily succeeded in savinu Mr Dowers, his wife, ad servant girl from the second floor window. The engines of Mlesrs. Combe and Delafield's brevery and severalof tbeLondon brigade weer rem%rkably early in ariving, and a good supply of the New River Company's wrater havin6 been procured the firemen, under the direction of Ur. Calf, the foreman, and Engineers Wheatley, Flemming, and Wilkinson, went to work in an admirable manner; but in spite of their exertions the flames continued to spread, ad the fire could not be extinguisheavntil the plce was nearly burnt out and the sevck-ra-zde conswmed. The origin of the fire is unknown. The sufferer, it is supposed, was insured. The polioe, under Mr. Superintendent burkin, rendered great assistanc to the firemen by keeping a large crowd out of danger.
SALES BY AUOTION. C bancery: , Evans v. lNLXOn.-Vluable R overstoary Intorest, ~jESSRS. INORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST have receioed instrmctiona to offer for SALE, at the Mart, on day next, Oct. 30, at 12, in one or 24 lots, pursuant to a Decree of the 31gh Court of Chaucery, mado In a cause of "E vans v. Nixon," with the aprt-to of the Ju'dge to Whose Court the said canse Iseat. tached a valuable RBVEROBIONAlY INTEIiBEST Iln one moiety of £121.747 8s. 7d. Bank £3 per Uent. Annuities. £16,666 l8s. 4d. like An. nuitiesa, £290 5s. 8d. like nnuitiles, and £3,130 10s. Ild, like Annuities, nsui £290 Is. Id. New £3 per Cent. Annulifeg; alBo in one motety of the Trnig-park Estato, eituate in the parish of Tring and the adjoining parishes. in the countlee of Herte and Bucks, coveriDn an are% of nearly 5,000 acres. and producing an annual rental of £7,527 or therabouts, euch reversionary Interest in the said ensm of stock being expectaut on the event of the death of William Kay, Esq., who is aged 24 ears or thereabouts, and who has been married about three years, and had no children, without havingany Issue, who, being a. so. sh,,lt attain 21 or die under that aIe leaning isaue, or bein g a dughter, shall attah, 21 or be married; and the reversionary interect in the said estato beilg expectant uipon the death of the Same gentleman, without hiving had any asue. who shall bar the estate tall Ihmited in rematnder to Ruch isile. PartIcllars may be had (gratis) of Messes. Bell, Brodrixk, and Bell, Bow shurebyard: of Measr Parker and Lee. st. Paul's churchyard at the hotels. Ayleebury and Tng -of Mr Brown, land surveyor, Triug ; at the Mart ; and of Memsars horton, Hcggart and Trist. 62. Old Broad.street.)Royal Exchange, Chimney, ±ler, and Console ise, 3itrandotee, (Josole ana urua | mental Tables, Bland Brackets,tc j PHILLIPS willSBLL by AUCTION, at his s1.ROM, New Bond-street, To.monw, the2t at,a oe ctsey, 00 brilmliant PLATE GLASSES, of ,Triores,manyofthem ot large dimensions, introducoed into handsomely carved and gil framnes, suitable for the drawing room, librar, dining oom and boudoir; handsome ornamental and console tables. gisandotes, elagcrOe. cabinets, cheval and toilet glasses, brackets, and a variety of obJects of utility and decoratlen. Maybeviewedthdapecdn e sle, and catalogues bad at Mr. PhllIps'e as above. 23, B Mlcbbesrg.rnesct....Beou das l. ESSRS. FURBER's SALE wcormence THIS ) DAY (Wednesday), at 11 for 12 and wil conmrice th oexceilent ApI'OINTME,NTiS ot two beet,and twoosecoudsry UED OrAitBER1t3 speVadid wardrobe In walnut wood, withl Plate-glsas doer, bed hioes, the costly appolitments of the drawing room, velvet pile carpet, m4g. aifiCest winged cheffonier, in richisy calved rosewood, with plate glarss back and doors; ele,ant maple pianoforte. lae japan tables, chai, and cabiiets, ornamental Items, wine and kitchen requWites. -Auction ofllcce. 18, Duntesreet, Manchester-square, and 2, WarWICk-Coart, tlray's-lnu. Militarv -GreatWaits Blauet, nn caps, Wearn pae.nue, Towels, lOlo. Berln We,ol OUdo& Braces, Satra_e Mantles, !he BO,NPLISo SON, aznd HARDING will SELL by TillS DAY. OJctob<er 28,at1 punctallByi., 1,tOaO MILIlTARY GsrSEA cotnand li= shets Badozentowls eainTppr, -I200m lbaBr Law oks Ioved fromr the Templse, Household Furniture, and Effects. M ESSRS, PRICE and CLARK will SELL by .AJ.AUCTION, at their Boomso, QlsatitY moust. Chancery-lane, on, rtlday. October 30. At 12 for 1, excelent SPanishl 1mahoany and Oak OFFnICE FIT-TINGS, comprising pedeslal and other libirary tables,, PaLper divisions, desks, railed Pasttitomuig, shapea in naet, Braussls carpts,, Iron hedetcads anid bedding, chests of drawers washstand and ittings, cbeval glasses, capital mahogany extending dining tables,cblmney and pier gla es, rwe d oo ander ckmdtables. eally chairs and untmerous miscelanaIes. MaY be viewed, and catalogues had. -i8, Chancery lane. T D rers, ast jp ROWN and O will SELL by AUCTION, on LI Wednesd4ay Nor. 4,th STOCK of Mr. llawnes, 43 and 44. Great Oorau.street, and a weest-n heslers stock, eomprising a large quan. Fopla-Tu o FTewaood Citters Ma Store-deais, adothers. E ESSR. YGIBBS will SELL by AUCTION, on S at thelPreomies, Randall'is-mat, near the Saitlor' Home, East lndia-r, THIS DAY, October 28, at 1I for 12, a large quantity of F 1 D.WOOD, buildng materials builernd's carte And horse, timber ear- Irigegs, a quantity Of compresed haY and about 20 tieres of primte salt heel ; also several elsbortajeycarvd stone vases, Inst Imported from SpainL May bewviwed two daya before the sale,anda ctalogles hdhat the Market-houze Tavern; and sat the auctioneee' Ofsies, 61 and 83, 211h-street, Poplar. ortwlck,gmportant Freehold unwly erected Steam Flouw 1ll, wlth large fontage on the navigable River Weonum. ogether with eiU thLe valuable Machiner and uitingo ,with Bovet's patent apparatur «WESSRS. N puWTON and GARLA;jT wail SELL IYJ by AUCTION, at the Marl, noar the Bako nln.Londo, on Mnday, NTov. IG, at 12, In one lot, by direction of the Mortgagee, the above valuable FREBEHOLD STE& I FLOUR MILL, of dyve atocnes, with engine-boome, boller-honoe, chimney shaft, coal-sheOd, muanicer's hones, offieces, yards, &a., adjoiningt, situate In Lower WeetwickSh'tret in the Parish of St. ESwlthInI NorwIch, together with all the machinery of the best and most me.zsrn dessriDtisn, including a pair of expensive hi-horse power condensing steam engines, hy Bosulton aoid Watt, twO 2l-feet-tubular boilers I feet S in. in diameter. The mill Is nearlY finished, And may be completed inl a1 few days at 6 Sma elI Outlay, and, When cumpleted, wili be capable of grInding 500 or 6oo quartms a Week, Adnantageous arrangenaents mapv be made for lbs use Of Bo0vij's Patenit blatst and exhaust by which vroy large prodt.t may be wecured. May ho slowed. Prinited ourticlcun o,' the proelacsee atte oalotel, Norwich- of Momrs. Wfiloghby, Co,, and Lori, elcttr,1 Oliiffrd'e-lou, Fl'eet-4treolt; at lie MIart, and at Messrs Netn n (lurlaut's ofitio.s 14, OOcksonr-6troot, 1.iaalwhr drswings of the maill mar bee s.m -Lwhr Out Gems, Ouriositles, Anparatus, Birds aknd Cages, and Ms,lus R-J -STEVENS WUIl BELL by AUCTION, at M bsgetRoost, 28, KIng-strpet, Cosent Rcardssu, on Fkdday, October 30, all Io'clock, orevisely, a (2OLLEOIION ot out and polhahed GEMTS, from India, including rubles,~ diamsonds, and emeralds., corns- of mierals, fVodeils aundt geoocas bneautifulo tortois eshel Pivory andI Coldmutaed chnooressboaed,nant usamkeronsc. Ont,;~L Piemrn GlOseode aenby aunderorscuetnl ahnd, ornamentbal apaatsInmcrsops nube ofheian canone ' o , pxfrro, sarroeet, Gearma antherPnboi c, 's Mday bext t1 fire or 1he ductay llfy, sale. .u d catalmodeneehs WIUeRlor codern Sugntr In candIral condition, maozsa iolo ArbanI and nufo rtdto,s usfulan bsoefRoasn sud betdns.mlte w wae 'wnsdsobes drawers washotands, dressing tahles, toilet and obhenat glzasses &Q., walnut tree anud ro?ese od drawlug room ehairs, cauchw'. andt eaW cbatys, Iso, card, ocoasenaL, and fancy tableg, chimney and gus', dmeq5 rqalite. ad nmerus useul od or admen tal,i The Twyford naao ews the VL%ic~e and Blsopeteke Stations offth*lte Soutj-W.taevn RafilwAy. MESSRS. DAEIEL SMITH, S3OBI, and OAKLEY I have received In rctloos to offer fee SAL, st the Auta 3maxt, near the Banka of Enland, on Tuesday the 7th of November,11 1857, a-t 12 O~cloek, this valuable FREEH0LD PROPETy, in th following loth :-Lot 1. The manson called Slawford House situat In the pariah of Twyford. and within four miles of the Wineheseer StatIon,_ in a beautfullY timbered park. containig, In a, ring fence, 56. r.2bp. of most valuable sound meadow land, ko. The bouse la well adapt-ed fro khe full requirelme-nts of a moaesate-nzed family, and haa been for miany years, and ts now owcupled by General' Frederlek, but poweselaon may be had In June, I8M. The situatIoni of tibs proPerty, with regard to railway communication, good society, and A healthy district, may be oonaldered first-rate. Lot 2. Tie Mann? Farm, comprisIn a very enperlor suhstarttlaly-bnllt farm res-Idence, motelgbln dellghtfully situate, and Well adatetd, after a moderate outlay, to become the residence of the proprietor of the estat,e togetber with d09e. Sr. 5p. of freehold arable, meadow wales meadow, and wOodlaLdS, the whole lying, well together, sad 6ilng thereon two farm hotaesleads, well eituate for the economial gultdration, of the land. This lot, with the exception of about two acres in the parish of Otterborne, Is in the pariah of Twyford, and is In an exoeelent etate of cultivatIona. The, whole Of the arable lande Are adapted for sheeD farming, And a% soO. siderable portion of them are of first-rste quality. The water meadows consist of upwards of 70 acres, and thet qualityywll be clearly described by the face that they are situate In the paris of Twyfarel, The woodls, about 135 acres, forming Tw,ford.park, are well adated for thLe growth of hog poles and timber. Poeseeson of the whbole of this lot may be had at Mlrhl,-mslra 1858. Lot 3. The Boosting Farm, situate in the parishes of Twnyford and Owelebury, and contaIning 4728,.2r.3lip,ofarableaud taure-land.wlth ood farm homestead, farmhouse, and premisbea, anC four coltegee. Thi lot 13 freehold, with the exception of a. r. p., which are copyhold of the manor of Marwell, and hAve been arrange to be enfranchised for £e ;this sum, with the finea amdfeee, to bapald by the vendora. The cottages are let by lease upon lives and the reversion to them will be incltuded In this lot. The whole forms a most desisable farm, and posceslon of it may be had at Michaelmas, 1858. Lot I rosslstg of 144a. 2r. Sp. of amable, pasture, and wood land, lying extremel=ell together, in the parish of Owalebttry, consisting of Macwell Maor, Park, Hurst, and Lodge Forms, with a, very lame and excellent fish. mnd. 'This propertyin well adapted forthe erectIon of aresidence for o rpi .and particularly for onie fontd of toeldspr, and tLhe coiland general character of thke esatate am of that rnature which Wil secure to the purchaser a full recompenee for him ouitlay. It is wihin fouzr miles of the Ilsahopatoke station, and six of the Winchester ; and Is partly occupled byyarly tenants and prutly let on lease. The whole Is freehold,.1 and well worthy the attention of eapitailtat desiring agrloultural Inest menata withL or without residence. Full particulars mnay be had oj SleserL Bray, Warren, and Elarding, I7L Great ituwellstrest~ Blooms- 81 d Dawnon,~~~~~ Lincoln's-iunn- Me-zero. TyESeS,DNE SIH SONrend ae OAiKLEnY Es..Oanos-rer for SA . yeAndIOhNesatre; Mact ears. theran andkn. 81,= o LIt n lansITa de Macera Bell, Stea rd of November, 4t 2, Inoneln't, Iniels; MfOwessury. Bexceptin Core, sod freoldans,I, beoneming toe Ml1' Mess,Ldyh Wildmay, ahe extorntWihet;an of th aiht 3 Mers. Danel SmIth,e San,ua anoducakey,dgh landaets 10, Weearl orqpirene, allmall andheMnriofs haw el aontear Winchester,t In 0 t l he coupy f houtamp hePSticlar of alIe L TH SO, and exedoe ery20 ce,tO annulY vlueofwhchwith oftreIrariou yAoCiuw. aotthes art,er teme, Sank atbengreino amentue,day , thder1ath dayof tiovember ath1,Inoe lunot the M4 NO ohf M W, wh Ichforsa uuuU exteds over theit whorlne oft paris he coyofldebrya ewcetIn fonl texfreeoldands belonginirg to eL-n porioelnsawildh moeParticularlyn d ortlbe by had poa aseompBany, Wh ayrticulardis o a and Warrend sovetr nal 0srs, 5,Ge thRuee annual valueoofbwhich wIth thesss vriouet houes.cotae and Dapremlees,to aind £olns-In0. TMesarwhole yle afr,a nusal od Toppostunextyrfor invaest Warrn, Hrdin an Waren. oliito -s, qua reat Ruers.'ellmtee and Co. 51, Lincoln's-inn-htelds; Messrs. Steward, Bell, and Lloyd, 49, Lineolnts-lnon-fielde: Macass Siscloff Cx and Fona,19, Coleman-etreec, city; at the George Hotel, Winceseter-' at the Dolphin Hotel, Southampton - at the Mart,- and oflMaeues. h~antel Smith. SJon and Oakley, agent.. ib, Waterloepiace. Pall-mall, London, The Manor of Twyferd, near Winohes-ler InD the county Of Sou-th- ampton. ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH., SON, and OAKLEY will oiler for SALE, at the Mart, near the Beank of England. en Tuesday. the 17th day or November. at 12, In one lot, the MANOR of TWYFORIl, which extends over the whole of the Parish (excepting only the freehold lands belonginigto the late LayM ludmsy). The extent of the Parish Is 4,219 acroe. The average annual Proonce during 'the last 10 years, for quit rents, fines, and herlote has amounted to the suim OfI£1= is. 9d. The copyhold portions will he more particularly described by a plan, accompanying the partIculars of sale; they ax. tend over nearly 1,780 amres-the annual value of which, with the varIous houses. cottager, and premisee, with other heredltament.m t a moderate calculationi, exceeds the sum of £13,200. Tho whole afords an unusually good oppoitunIty for investment, as the cooPvhoIders, with very few excep)tIons, ae easer toenfranchise. Plans and partionlees may sihortly be bad of Maesra, Bray, Warren), Hardinr ad Warren, solIcitors Groat Russell-street, BloomBbury; of hiesrs,n Bennett, Field, and Davwon, solloitora Linooln's-Inn;o aae In-fEl-StSRSe. BDANhoEL SMox, ON and Dop 8 OleAK-LtEY Hotl,lWcheser; Dolphin Hotel, Southapon Mark thearthe Band ot MEssrglan iel o mTh,es ony, anhdOakly, 18, Watemerlooplace, Pall TheReA ctilRNT-charge of the parishn ofTWYFORdDInth cmounty o ing, in gross, to the sum of £180 e. Ild. per annum; Also the 'asswnage-house and Meadow, Thin property In held from Ith Hospital of St. Gross for two lives, now aged respectively 88 and 24, at an annual reserved rent of £20, together with the parsonage hos and meadow which It ts propoed to sell seporrinely from the titohes,l and free of tld reserved rent. The purchaser of this lot wlil havet keep in repV the chancel of the church, on which a oDnelderahle esum has been ltely expended, Particulars may be had of Messrs Bray, Warren, and Eardina. 67, Great Russell-etrest, Bloomsbury; Messrs Bennett, Field, kn~ Dawson, LIncoln's-inn- M essrs Blake, Tylee, and Tylee, 14, Exsex-street, Strand., James 8fokens, s.1 Cbno-tet avendlsh.sequare ; Messs. Leman cad Co., 51, Lin coin's-inn-fields', Mesams Bell, Steward, and Lloyd, 49, LInoolI's'lnin. ficlds: Afesses hischoff, Core, and Dompas, 10, Coleman-sgtrbee, oity Mesrs Woodham solicitors, Winchester - and of Messrs Daae Smith, Son, and fishiey, land agents, 10 'tVaterloo-place, Pail-mall. The Twyford Estate, near the city or Winchester, and the Winchostes and Bishoptokebtatlons on the Loudonand South-Western Rawiwy. ~JESSRS. DANIEL SMITH, SON, and OAKLEY .LT will SELL by AUCTION, at the George Hotel Winchesi. ter, on Sa tuaday, the 21st of November, 1881', at 2 o'clock, (Instead of Satusday, the 10th of October Ia urarasroua lots, various par tions of thils ESTATE, RItuato Ln the parishes or Twyford and owalebury, comprising a valuable freehold water corn mill, kuown as Jh%wford Mll, with contvenient residence, miller's cottage, stable, ko., and about 12 acre of first-rate mneadow land, now in the ocntioni of Mr, Henry Young, Also a valuable maeadow, con~taininglla, 2r. 80. and 2s.a 2r. 26p. of superior water meaow bath ~hold - also, Ga, Or. 17p. of water meadow in the parisl, of Compton, 'eaaehold of the Dean and Chapter of Winchester. Also a small freehold farmi, of about 37 acres, with amall homs and necssar buliding, adjoining the high road to Bettep, near to Coldeu Gammon,occupied by Mr. CharLes Stanbrook, together with avalurable briIc and tile manufactory, with tile kiln, drying and staking sheds, &c, Also 22 acres of sound freehold grass land. beautifully sftudded with timber and joining the high road at Colden-common, well adapted for the erection of a reeldenoe; ahout 20 Acrea of freehold fastra land, with a good hostage resIdence stable, cloach-house whee wright's workshop and yard adjoining the 'hingh road,gpessantli, siut.Tehouse and premises are bn the occup~ation of rc, James Year, as yearly tenant, About 35 aces of freehold pasture land, well timbered, and forming agood siteforbuildin)g. A house adjoIning the turnpIke road, a place of sopyholdi woodland, known as L'ay Gapes sontininng s. Or. So. Also severaldetached plaes offreehold meadow laud and numerous oottages and gardens, let on leases for liver, Printed Particulars, with pDles describingt the mode of lotting, may be had of Messrs Bray. Warren and Harding, solicitors, 87, Gret Bumseeli-street. Bloomsbunry,- Messrm Bennett. Field, aad Dawson, Lincolns-in' eres, lak, ~yle, ad Tlee 14 Esex-street, Strand; Llond 4,Lno'-lan-kleas; Mboe,ssrS DlAYho .CWednandom), Oct28 ato12man-ltre elgcity;Moesrs. W Rodh UR, solcitrs,Winchstr Sands maofges anyinelamih wadon,s (one itOhl plat a Indsaentsiand sveyars,O 10,raterlo opld acve, P rallma oll, tbe nw tn1 ihmrl -El,ruegiantdmodhern caHousehol urnitue, oaffed elycaderawigro W ing Ralu-oom Suitred iwanu-od covetred hn green Utrehtovelvet, adoubler tbarEl, Gnffu (byBakwlt, pate-malleieds ilard Tayble,ndthe- cmlaretgie Effmet oflthse newly FurnisheadReinc,frasolutemks and pto raent- ing ond othePremss tal okaseabove,taIns DaY nWedrYnesdaub,e-ctrrel draers by ald carvedl famzed bllsl tables anda, wlm itche marbsle tops, numereus andOterctarO vei hs a drch yoaneddrawoingroom suite adIn tsbtsi , hadfonieawthe plae-plaes backstth and tioeerl-tp, largeousire chimneyi glsesinglfrable es,dnc hadombe locks T-ant. tearant Binmls,dting rom funituekinspns mahogany, chai-srsoered, inwe in and thertables bokasesn, curtainsan Mneary,ne doueblerbarrel gunby ake, aemaied illardcabn, hin,olass,r ktehen utnsmilsd M45 i ESSRaS. ReIdencetonNbueLoonLew aske. receve Bisrutou D wil SELL by AUCTO,u T IOds,No AYJat the 1C7astletavern,Mark-lane, toonoknda,hoembterno2. 2afrl3 that nbe INT RESTRinDtheObeneficialtLaAeEio these omaudsho prmses, b eing 41 Loplen-strpeet,u man?sione ithelfr Hh-the uexpired teemlig-of u ears atjthe lo,wireth alrfdt e an num tobg;ethrpithl thdem brodill of thbsne, and thte eae Fixturestaln,and Utensilsdattondfor bpakr dsoin 20 sacksweekly, Maydocbe viewed.wPareticlrsande ondbi-e tionsaof sadlemaydbnhg ton the pseoleooua thein Castler Tavleerntark- inns;trabt thmentaucidoneer' othies 28, Patoultry, R eti, e.s Of he OwnOf ewmrGtaf And House, geanearkea fl.2r,9 afod eSRble opAport nit frneandtAetTTefiALLe hare' c ruedan ted purchase. to SELL by AUCpTION, anr ueda, wiho NdtovembeorI 1887,e autothe Wier NewmrktHtl atd 4'Clakr nthe atrno afllkth tmPvaluable l F EODPo PERTuab , sitate, ianoteprish adAd Et. SSr'S;opisn spacious mavseni the ho ighrsto eet,oande dwelig-ou C adPoInnt eMg,wirthcyardan lvstabeing; cwitharlymdr brisk-built thnd slated resuvae wInthrtuc n,adacotions rofobrroretr uNwardsof on heroes,sovmberladock at ,dt1 garden,wth eunteranceonted hihYvateuradbleadn PROtPERacecourse, forIn ah vaiarycml etyetrain ~rg stalisment en no Inthe ccuatin o Meur.,'ettiets monf at of te ton OfNewmrket andIncldinganore~abofgla,nSr oip,, Norflk,Issore~ Sae o valabl Esated, an-beors,amndtad BUTCHER hav the honourtoheuonavgbe o iclywDdd omls2o l3fikiw W01er*n Guna, Flbgg. anStratton, and altogether forms one of the most desirable residential esatsIntecounty, Lots 2, 3 4 81 10, and 12 cosnpri'e several Cottages ana small pieoes of land. ,ot 7, A COMfortable Be.ddelos, near the church and market-place of Aylsham, with a garden coachhouse, and stable In the sear thereofr, and two good collages adjoiunin. Lot 8. The anoent Mansion or Farm-house, called SaUioor-ball, with good farm rremises, productive orchard,' rookeer. plantation, end various enclosures of fertie, arable, and rich old posture lantd contain- liug togetbher 21ta. 3r,l7p,, in hand, lying In a rlngfenos, at SalL within a shorn distance of Roephesm. Lot 2. The Briston Estate, oomprising a good farm-bosses, double cottage, and capital agclulturat biilidtnps, eurrourided by 3,', ?&3r. 11,,, of excellent arable and pasture Iced, ma the fint state of coltivatron, plantatrons,fo. In hand. lying In Bristoa and Sedy Lolt IL A desirable emill 'armin Edzefield and Stody. consisting of fa.m-hause and premises, with cottage aod SO. Or U4p, of asable and pasture land, in the ococpation of Mr. Judc Towler. lying utermixedi in certain ecrilosures of land, belongine to Sir R. P. Jodrell, aril., and conininlng U 3r, 15p, In the osnupatE n 0o Mr. H. J. partridge. Lot 13. The Advoweon of the Rect-ory of filebford 'with the Vlearge ot Whitweln(lear Reepbam, (subject to the life of the incurs. bent, agzed 81 years);', Utbe rent,charges £5136 lie. Id. per annura, in.- eluive ofe £1 s. Ot apportioned en the glebe. which com rises a oottage and 1. of land. of thie annual value or £X4. Laot 14. he Advow,cm of the Rectory of Burghonet A3laham (urbj~ct to the life of the incumbeot, aged 11 Years) ; tithe rent-ebarge£toO0 per annaum inclusive of £e4 is, 6d., apportlon,24 o the globe, which conBsits of lia. Or, 28D. Of land, Lot 18. The neat as,dsubrstantlai Residence, offires stable, gig- huEe,andReardien, stBurgh, co taningla. Or. 27p.-In the occupation of le g 2a. Or, Sp., in hand, Lot 16. The Manor of Burgh, next Arlshamn of which the fines are arbitrary-; there are 11 tenants, hiolding tOmes-~a luages ; several cottages, a watermill, atnd lOla, 2r. U4p. of fine landI annlual quit-rante, £5 8s, 5t. -: therm Is also a rigt o,t Ishbing In the river Bsmeo, Lot 17'. The Manor of SAl-o0,r Eall and Hewe,r, the fines of whbich are arbitrary. There are Jo tenants, balding raven messaagea, a baking cffbc, and 163a. 2r, 20, of excellent land. Anniual quit and free route;£8Se.4d. Lot 18. TIlbianor of Mli:ideall and Loundhail] Sin toan. EdgefedanSW teaeofwe earir . 'Iaeare five teat.bligJ--.I.o lad- are aritray rentA £5 OP Cd. Lot 12, The Mlanors cof ELcfr Rcfr Ests.nd Thorpes, anai Hackfogd Market, the fines of which are cartaIn, 4A. peraSnnM f r land, and 6s. for ameegeTeerstcane, eldng 0 mssuges cotass a Dtenemn of lad, Qut sa freeeeu~ £18 8c. od,Dfr" ndl.S.I wih lswofth svra ltg aybeOba o .d, retoea ae 5allbd24)SPitSto ake Plaoe the Irsl Thurdayin ,er moth, f A~ohie nd ontIngent Reseeslon. to MddAndH oter tsopet,Lf lmo noees t at hi~s , P olicDe CetoArgeIr (eaUsa In liIo ite,PSt%Obithendis, ontluofes. debo- sariptiot of the abovre-tmentioned PROPItITY, take place on the first IfhursdaY in each mont throughout the prsengt mer, as under:- Jannary 1 MAY 9 Se mber 3 1691.1I July' I overnber5 ApilS.2 hagritbeI December 3 demand for the traseofpoetoftidecntn,healeo which as a means of neteti eiybcmn etrapeltd and from his experecoftehaydwbcsadgatdfiny to which, It has bee xoe nteodnr oeeo ae n h experienc,e of the ls 4yss a rvdteaoepa ob qal sadvantageous to vendr an ucaes h lsilaingnmru lot rendrn h naeo uctymr feta.Ntcso sales nlgte aneeetttclo h aoedts Peariodical Sale (sa"lsce i18) fLieversiors,k PoIlcies ~Annuities, Shors, Bonds,d.frTusa,Nv .Nn valuable old Policies of Assuance in tetl, liclMecs,nd General. Legal and General, Nowc non no,an0nvra Life Assurance Offices. ~R. MA:RSH has received mnstrnuctions froma the Eeto of lbe late Frederick lane, Esqz., to include in his next Monthly Periodical Bale 01 Reversions. Policies, do., appointed to toke place at the Mart, on Thussday, Nov. 5, at 12, in nice lots. a POLICY for XitO in the Atlas Office, effected in the year 1812% on the life of a gentleman now aged 47 years, at the aunnual premium of £4 lie. 3d. with profits; the bonsures already declared smosint to £33. A. Policy for £100O In the Atlas Oficee, effected Inatro year 1843. on rise1 life of a female row aged 62 yearsQat tae annual premium of LI13s. 3d. with ~rof's * the bonuses already declared amount to £112. A, policy for ze 0 In the Atlas Ofice., effected In the year 1842, on the life of a female now aged 60 ;ears. at the annual premium of £7 lis. lod. Wish prodts; the bonuses already declared amount to £47. A Policy for £100 in the Atlas Office, effected in the year 1819, on the life of a genatleaian now aged 63=lae at the annual premium of £3 17s, lId, wit -rfits' thebersa ardy declared amount to £29. A oiy o 20ith Clerical, Medcal, and General Office, effected In the year 1345 on the life of a laLdy now age4 41 yeaors, at the original annual premium of Li ia. 4d.. whichL has heen reduced to £4 lie. 6d., atd. a bonus of £14 lis, added to the sum assured. A policy for £100 In the Legat and General Office, effected In the Near 1843, on the lifo of a, gentlenanu now aged 61 years, at the annual premium of £22 l3a. 3d. with profits; the bonuses already declared amount t3 £112, and in the event of the life asenred dying before December 31, 1861 fwheu another dbiailon of profiLeg is appointed to take plam), an annual bonusa of £8 will be further added to the above guim of £112 for every premium that may be paid from the year liii to 1861 (beth incinUive) which annual addition will, however, merge at that time into a uthe 1vITested aunne. to be then ascertained, A policy for £273 In the Norwich Un Ion Office, effected. in the year 1841 on the life of a lady, now aged 64 years, at the annual premlum otf13i 64. 9d. with DrofLts' the bonuses already declared amount to £45 6e.1id. A policy for Lild in the Union Office, effected In the year 1829, oni the life of a gtliemen now aged 34 years, cr, the annual premium of £4 is3. 3d with profitsthe bonuses already declazed aamount to £45 6s. 9d. A roliry for £500 in the Univerral omoic, effected in the year 1818, on the lifa of a gentleman now aged 65 yeard, at the original annual premium of £12 Se. lid. since reduced to £1318li. 3d, Particulars may be obtained at the Mert; ofM0 oesm. Clowes, Son, and Hickley, solfictors 10. KIang' Benchwalk, Temple; of Mesgm. Jarvi and Son, solicitors Lynn, Norfolk; and at Mr. Marsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-honses. Periodical Sale restabtlted In 1841) of Reversions. -PolicIes ~Annuities Shares, Bonds, "o-For Thumeday Novembehr 5, a Iteveraloor Life Interesr In Freehold and Copyhofd Property, situate at Ounldaley, in Northacuiptonalhire; the Absolute Reversion to a Legacy of £100, and toea Sum of £218, receirabls on the decease of a lady, aged 78 5eas. R. MARSH hs recoeived Instructions to include iNin his next Mlonthly Periodfical Usal of Rteversions, Policies, &o., tagpointedtW take place at the Mart, on Thursday, November 3, at 12, the REVERISIONARY LIFSE INTEREST of a gentleman, aged 41 yea onthedeoaseof a lady, aged 78 years, In SEVEN r REEkIOLD DWLIG OUdEI3, with out-houses, yarids, gardens, do., and TWO Copyhold Dweuinmg-houses, with gardeus, do., situate at Oundle, in Noetamptnshre, li n god reair andproucla g a clear rental of £63 er nnn; alo te Aeolue Rveriontoe aLegacy of £100. and to aSum f £30, ecevabl on he eceae o the above-namred lady; als a oliy f Asurnc fo £20 n te 110of the gentleman, aged 41,aboe rfered o. artrulrs ay e otaiedat the Mart ; of It. ichrdsn, eq oliitorOunle;of esss. evonshire and Wallsger solritos,i, Ol dewy; ad atMr.Mar-sh'i offices, 2, Priodcal ftale (establfhed in14)ofR riun, ~Polices, Annumities, SharesA nds Ac.-Vor Thursday, Novemabeir 0.-A Policy for £1,500 inl the tannin Life Office, on the life of a gentleman, aged 71. R~I . MARSH hs, receivcd firsti-uctions from the M J..Assignees to include in hia next Monthly Periodical SALE of Rteverelons, Polfiee, do., applinted to take place at the Mart,on Thure day, Noveember 5, at 12. a PLICY of AlU7tNOE for the SUM of £280effete on the 26th of September. I3). with the BritaniaLi Life Office,on the life of agentleman now in his Id year. Particulars may be obtained at the Mart; of W. C. Cripys, TeF,,, solicitor. Tunbridge. wells: and at Mir. Mlarsh's Offices, 2, Charlotterow. Meusion-Isouse. Periodical Sale (estabiished In 1643), of Reerinsiolce,Antes Sihareis, Bonds, &c.-For Thursday, N ov. 8.-w RetCagso Annuities of £1,080 and £330 each, receivable drn h on ie of two personls, aged respectively 42 and 66. MP.f B MARS El has received instructions to include in LVlst next Monthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies, do.. appointed to take place at the Mart, on Thursday, Nov. 5, ait 12, TWO valuble ENT HARGS orANNUTIB of £1,600 and £80 each chrge upn feehld staes f aplevalue, situate in tho Co, oicitsurys, shir;adatM.Mrhs ie,2 Charlotte-row, hMBe anrd, bay,ti Eighth Day's Sale, THSDY.Ot 2-eea'ofie, rw May be viewed, andctegesOtieathe anon and at Mr. Macrh'soffices. hrot-o,Mninhue 1'jR. MARSH es oa ouce tat the SALE of M ., he choice OLETO ofGE HTJEPATS will take place, on thePeis,T-orw Octohe 29 t1! Iokin convenient lots.Caaousmybobindnaplctn at h mansion ; and at r.M rhsofcs2,Calterow, Ma sion-house, In anknpty.-e WlchPoosiLea an CoperMinngCom- pany. lIAR. MARSH has receivedl instructions from the .L.officlal Liquidator, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mlarl, o0spbite the Bank of England, on Thursday NovemGber 19 next, at 1 o'lclook,tlbe very valuiable and extensive LAA and COPPER MINES situate near Aberystweltb In the county ot Cardigan, comprising the Egsgirhilrand Regalrfralt'h mines, containing about 1,141 acres, and Ally Cr10 mine, centairing about 284i acres, known and distinguished as th Welsh PotoeL Lead and Copp Mins, togtther with all the valuable machinery, plant and buildiga erec-ted tbereon, respectively held under leates for 21 years, ronowebleforanlke term, atamnoderate Royalty. Orders for leave to Insoect the mines EvntAy be obtained of William Whitmaore, Esq., the! official Ilquidator, 2. Baringliall.street, London. Partirniars and conditions of sae can be obtained of the official liquidator ; of Messr. Harrison. 0, Walbrook, London,solici: kets for the officia Liquidator;: at the uogerddan Armz, Aberyotwlth. and at Mr. Marsh's ofJlees, Charleitte.row. Mansion-house. superior Houses and BusinerePeie,le.6,8,ad3,Gae church-street, a llolt upon lesI otnnso tehgetrset ability, at exceedingly modeaernas amountnto£3pe annuml, and presenting to tutsancpItlssIvsensf unusual eligibility. lIR. MARSH has received instructiors to SELL by M IAUCTION, at the Mart, oppceite, the Bank of LEngland, on Thursday. Novemaber f5. at 12 'clock, ~In three lo"e exceedingly alu able FREEHOLD PROPERTY, cluIrla loies.63,3W, anid Il Gra%-m chureh-etreet, one of the moot eeutmrTandlgportant postions in the city of London, the contiguity to the Royal Exchange, the cornmo locital, and leather markets; and, firom the immense thoroughfar Glraceehurch-street commands, shope and business premises always ensure a permanent inivestment daily increasWginIn value. The property Is eli leton lease to tenants of the highest respectability, for the several terms of 21 Ye.ers, at very mnoderate rentals,amuountingto £285 per annum, a considerable increase upon whice ay be cac ted upon At %be e iratton of the existing leases. The hoiuses are of a minot subotanti and commanding character, and pogsses very irsTrtant frontages. The property may be viewedI by permission of the rsetv tenants; and particulars, witha cosaditious of sale, obtained o ess Benbow and Tucker. rolicitors, I, Stone-buildings, Linooln's-tan; of Chas. Lee. Esq., eurve~cr, 20, Golden-square; at the Mart ; and at Mr. MAacrh' officew, Charlotte-row. Mansion-house. Bermondsey and Retherhithe.-LDng Leseod P~roperty,for absolute s~ae. MIR. MARSH has remeived instmuctions to SELL W.1 bAUC7TION, at the Mart, on Thurmsda, Nov. 8. at 12. In five l.ts, FOUR modern brick-built DWELLIaNG-ROUSES slituate In St. Jsmes'e.road, otherwiee St. James't-sitseet, Blns Anchor-road, Be-- esondeey, estimated tD produce rentals itaountnuog to £39 Per annum ; held upon lease for a terrm of 70 years, from Mtarch. 1300. at the moderate grund renst of £5J per annum. Aio the Beer-house and Promires, known as the Royal George' situate In Union-rosd, Millpondbridge Rotherhethee; let on lease to tr. Edward Spice for 14 years, from dune, 1353, at at rental of £40 per annum;: held for a term of 90 frm une,1149. at the low ground rentof £7 peraunnum May =vl-e,and particulars, with conditions of sale obtained at the Mart: of Messes.Hancock and Sharp, eolictom.1, Tokenhoase-yard; and at Mr. Marsh's oflices, Charlotte-row, Mason-housse. MR,MRSH ha eevdIrcins to SELL dL by AUCTIONatteM t,opno the Bank of Ensland, on Thusdy,No. 3 a 1, n ligbl LASHOD PROPERtTY, comoriingaruotntll bic-bult iwllig-hna and shop, situate and Ren . Mayb iwd n prtcivdiculars, ithcodtnsfsaeoh Alained at theMrt fsr Morle, 1 op idmouth-se e,GrysIn TIhursday. November 8th at 12 an allotment ofvaubeFEHL BUILD NG LAND of aisout quarter of ecr,lreatoi h etpr of Richmond, near the river Yasra Yarra. and ihnaml n half o1 the important and rising city:of Melboun.Prilaswt conditions of sale, may be obtained at the Mr,ada r as' offices, 2, Charlotte-row, bManson-house. MESSS. BOOKS and REBAL WMl SELL by INatGarraweay's, Change-alley, oni Tuesoday. the 24th Noveber at12,a F EEfOLD PROPERTY, comprising5a substan. lislyhuit nd leanty-ecorated mansion, situate in the Avenueroad Wel-hll,Wanewoib.within a few minutes' walk from Wends. wort Staion,stan Inin its own grounds of about twroaces, with coac-houe en etalin, erected within a few years at a cost of over £3,00. Te frehoder ill enan Iton lses afor 7, 14, or 21 years, elpercen, o prchse one. Prkmayremain on mortgage. Wibeo pek o tI aadisdsrelydeet mos theaoss Olak House, Peltha-tl l IefrmteFil~ba S-tationon the Soulir-WestomRan wy n wti hr drives of bunbury, Kings-. ton. Richmond, Tweehc,San~ad Hounslow, Mh4ESSRS.BOOSad.EA are instructed to £1submit to BAL byACIN tGarrawar's, Chang le-ly, on Tuedsdy, Nov. 4at1,neentRd EC5kawasa1 House. seatede lan ofgetbay,rihl Ierdwtokan elmn. 2lft. in girth a ae iecdrtes ivrie n hubr with c arrag rive, eg nrne peddcnevtr yWes Ito fti. ong, two Waldikiengadn.ocr, 4.I. and.sepa,-tEd fro- os adc fOa~~~adeo n rngh road to Chert3ey annple oat-buildins Stabling,th5thg forming asweetlypretty andelegantestate. Particar nm be hado - Cutler, Eeq., solicitor, Purnival'e-Inn; of Messr 27, AlbemarIe-street ; at the tans in the towns namned; and of the sssctilneeSs, Abslute Reversono a eu of £1,032 In the 5*c ve Bank Annuitese 09 Mart,on Wre Meon3and Sonar, 11,in Bedfer-'.wand of tZZhe auIdoer I,S.Ir Camden Top wno Laseold H Toe lIA . MIOXON wil LLb U TION at the LYE Mart, on Wededy ovme1 ydiretion o? the Mortgages, lios. 10 and 11, AVLETR&B adnNwtw at the back of the Ba n n,eighbourhood. Leshl o 0yas tseprtgoudens Particulars at the inetof,1c.Bro all Mrtens solstors Margat;oMir,CapeladD ca.i ion'-sed. and ofthautoer1,1MatnspaeTrfga-qre Cahoueand Slhtc RsIec,wt it. MOXON SElLL vAUCTO,a h M MAoWednedsda Nov 18 thedurreetes th OUSE, No.47, Nrlan-sqe let for thre y into thorough repair; together with a ooe a rear, opening Into queen's-place.Leehlfr84yasPrtcls at the Mart ; of Messrs. Brooke anMetn,slcer agae-o Mestar Campbell andDuncan 3LnensInied;ado hue thousee, I. St Martin's-place,Tra1a.qae No-tt-ing-ll.ASee'sSopwt psesin.-dThe thrhos B. M XONwuil SELL bY AUCTION~, at the Mr,eWeSdnea- NOVvwMber 18, by direction of the Mo n- ceee i rrvrao ot,the IrAEASHOLD PROP-ERTy, ice, 3tor3, Prine'sroa, ttig-tm ; Onesa butcher's shop, with possession, the thre ohes lt; hehouesbaving back enteanoe from the Portladroad animisrtat avantage. Leaseehold for 83 years low ground ress, art~ulrs t te Mart, Of Meron. Brooke and Iderteus, solicitors. Mrae of Messr. Campbell and Duncn. 38. Lincoln'-innfields; Snuf h auctioneer, 3, S t. Martin's place, Trad lga%r.suare Iu Chanoers'.-"PlRhips v. C1etom"-Noreh Devon, tba Colleton- bill Town BeAtme nearn,erton. M ESSRS. PAGE 'and CA?iLM ON beg reptfl to announoe to the numerous annuIcanta ifor the aboe 'PURI VFTY, that the same baa beesDISPOfIED OF by Psivate (kip,gjt -AMAaqlz S W%W 5157" Qffi95M % 54 Order Of Sale at the M-art This Day. at 11. M R. EDWiNFO ' SALE will occur as folIows: - era Jur Houeees In twolots. Not. & 4, 5. and 6, Albloostreet, 8outhgrove. Bow-road. lental £8 Per annum ; term 94 years. Pound No. , Warner-place south, 13etheslfn.road.Rn& I e annum; ter e58 y s;geund rant R n a £1pe heh -Va eV blBuildiigLand,in two lots. No.2,Den,aar.gro%Bmbury-park, JilingbDo. Axsnualvalue I £8; term 99 Yeaws, from Sei,tmber, 2852;- ground rent £5 5a. Woo. 2 to 10, SmIth-street, CoZ6rensecl-road, Peetham. Rantal, £185 6.. Sd.; term 24 lean; ground rent;£4. No.3, pa's.ullsus, t. anrasroaj et t 18 per annum; Staton t Emonon ntiabot te sme istncefrom the town of Endld, Vluale 'rehod roprty Oferng ttactveballding ~J .EDWIN FOX is directed to SELL by AUC. TXON, at the Mart, eppoeete the Bank of Ecgland,TUiIS DAY, Oct. 28, at 12 O'clOck, in two lots, valnable FEtREB1OiAD ESTATES, situate In the a-nral and admired village of Winchmore-.ni n the pariah of Edmonton, In the county of &flddieeex. conasisilngof a memuage or dwelling-house, with out-buildings, garden, ane, paadode andeottageadjoluteg, comprislng,about an acre and a half of land, offering an appropsiate site for the erection of a gentlemtan's villa or severalsmaller houses.and an allotmnent of tithe-tree land, en the OChaso, nen Wlnclxmore hill, esutaianlg about Sr 22p A charmingr postion for a cotta6ge ornee. The Property can be views4 on applIcatIou to meI. James Sell, of Winebutrehii, of whom partIcuLars May be obtained. Meanm Scott, Tahourdint, and Shaw, soslelto re, 11, Lincoln's Iun-fields, at the Mart ; and at Mr. Edwin Fox's offices. 41. Colermustreet. Bank. ValuableFreehold Ground Rent-of £2 pr an3num, with the kacer. elon In 32 yeairs to the Rtack Re-ntl of £120 ser annum. veEDWIN IfOX is instructed to SELL bY AUC. APTINat the Mart, en Wednesday, November 18, at 12, a well. secured FSgeEHOLD GROUND RENqT 'of £e22 per annum, arising out of twvo houses. Nog. 9 and 19, Church-street, Greenweich. Kent, witte several housea annt bnuldings In the roar, forming Slsimnr's.court. the present net rental of which is presumed to be abount £120 per &nnum, with the valuable reversion thereto on the exl,iratlon) of the present lease in 1790. May be viewed, and particulars had on the Premises; at the Mart : of A. Godwini Faq solicItor, 4, Essex-catTep;an at Mr. Edwin Fox's office~s. 41, lolentan-street. Tepean Oasbswusren-Eligible ~Leasehol lflv estmet R. EDWIN FiOX is instructed to SELL by AUTO,ateMrt nWdedy Novei,ber 18, at 12 in two ute.SIX eatbrle-balt HOSES adatageomly k-rated In a thrlvng ad poplouspositon, eing IJ.1 to G. Murras's.lermac, amutnW t 14 adhl foWIOis yeatrsunepied, ato aELLgoun £TLAUCTION, at the MArt, en Wedneastey, November 15. at 12, in one lot, FOUR brickc-bafll HOUSJES, situate antd being Nor. 1, 2, 3, and 4, Wslingtou-plsce,_Lamboth,respectably tenauted,at low renatals 4)ruuntlng to £110 per arurn, out cap,bls of Producing gretlia In creased rents Ifcoaverted into shops.Held for OOyear3unsXptred at the moerahte groud r' nt of £20 per aununu. MALY be viewel, and particlrhd00the premises; of J.A.8Sl1k, E-o. soltcitoe, I, Brunswick-square; at ths Mart; and at Mr. Edwin Fox's offices, R1, Cole, man-street. Wnvod-street, C)ep e-utdn aeiao_f ~thre Ifou-es p3ULLEN and SON are dR~ected to SELL bY iLACIN. on the Premtise,TRIS DAY, Oct 28. ast 12 in lota, all th BUILING MAERIAL ofTHE IIOU!3ES, 71, Woocd. st'et.Chepsle.nd 4 ad 1, ailstret,adoIning, comprising good BsoudbikwalTor,pinadpntlsoaad Sr tOhes' imbe i_n roofsan Sors tahePrms,doors,harId-ostrf.lorbards.warehou-mofront, paving, coping and ail leanttyotsutrsadpipes, cisternstvs and usefui omrilnet tine up. Ma be viewed. Catan ushd o fhe tib r. 0 stagedeals, nies, 21,uarterndghqae and uelwofd PtllK and Sorpln,kS, tnore-sbeet, anpironateamblle-Totwophtids,Tmber itaindn kfIiBwtron pangs Bides seft Ulon.tE rn tua an SO pwerll SELfcrnet b aryAU TO 20tns dr thek Premhise, dorehamadetreet, B Gakwslpaen o-row,ndOcts 30 at0 Sh,kbipoBi.adin ompany eflmited), the LOOSevewFITtNeS of ro voseveralatices o hadeofmue and otertobe, 400 Frstagetdal, 660p lept qureigande riuseful woodlk adrpianis,eretin o sed and,, w -Ahp ihpatldros abut6t05losemallte cptwwoai hit . sTockebrik, andT Oter auseful asi.Myb iwdtedyp tons Cautalogueer hado Puclle n o,8,Prere,Cipea willSEL byAUCTION, at the sentOne et a £12 er anum:the ther dt or meither -feactsp lin.My beU ee.Paticuaira of then autonero 0 utee -a.e fRIrStre letting t1 fror , rlabletosallcptlss NIX. LU oKpItfghNdon wiSELboay AUTONot h beas Mart edig,onrIay.dNoveber 6,eat ot , drae.67,adosISt all lteProdcares [ing a ugde drenalvof£14 ro.oem anm Lae yitrears, at vagrieyoundfreut. Mrb iwd atcr fMsr th actoner 1 , ucleeur y, beas ne, Panfot, C.tLi LUFAAfrAbolt or esal olled Orom Frehoder,g R S. P wIllan SLLAbyENCTIN atl thEL mot UomlTerpIrN, rodnt ing £mi100 per annum, foree ng Mau ver. sanremi Ton-mortgag actob er censt . for 1thupreeorfv yoearu FUR'y be vinEewe.tarticulr sudbatthmeeMart;e awo andofteatlonsr,0 Bskprin m.t otrsaing-hdtin.-yrticues oVillawIesircs, stooneabuilt, inotm lfuzasur,- tod,whangetyleandrcuosyewogbleo fud dicnvgstmbento hansome Breu pltdRod. elgu LUCK Naril E LL.an bey o AluCTION strethe Mod ardt, Nvembe 6,tchat 1200 No.1 T~ IL.ad" las lviil rpai. Lase ,abou 69yas t£0eahgon e Lj IESSRS. PRIEST aiiu A R NEwl RI LJby A.UCTION. at tameL paciu om pe alns lane Triday DOYcO. 30 1,aat lIfo r 12 esia aOSEOd SITVEbefTOsLL9, byedding, t w aidbe, chachdrw loiggasns, liressola ando eter earpereniniangd n n raingrootfunitre,chin, glass7. on F'lverw-SO. DI thaer-oostr, hand hee-oae-Ecletto sten lonsho;'i urntue, rosfewoo Cotae aoot,Pitns IronSaN,eeant orb ets n-tndbsrl vaiTyOfCuefl 'RAnD vaual Mr.~O Ber ~ Orga anGagra -,teSBSodRorio. o thIEST oand LAtRENCE of l EL FoetebrA, TON ongaeil wtherprooemIse2, ThayDr-sret annar rcubere To-morro, togeter29 aith aot or1, sperorz oe IRI PoruretaIo and ber assn O primeWether bdaw roor ad, i srn et dicug nd dawigfrom c tis ouche, and easy chairsuteaswalkanto w,so, oahanyandRailwoayc Sandtioning mables, handsoe Oo innseelscarpts, argechimei .bus n ic Cttgwith frams,ritbed rooasits, sueror-one oganDM, pla s80tunes,PaIntihngs,chinay.glare, plaed uess,ele antoramsna sdeatariedcty%owt ofwvlualeoefrcs.o Chais, ad vluabe Jeellry..liouwthg e MESSRS. PRIEST and LAWREIty wtll pe SELLfnd. Sy ITC'Iff.at hor esclssEooss.ll,,e st. 3orftrtber par. On ida, Ot. 0, t 1 fO 12 recsel, vluale uOLDand aucioneer, WATOdIO b eminnt maers odgar d aaw ndt Alertcans,- rinca of syerpino, ~tedgoos, nd ther Hovaluable N effectb. To rapr, 555,seoese, aasprofe,WinOSembrnextc, at nd Ohers -LU.TION athis oons, 8 PUimairde,E.a~nd ho Fridayotbert als, te scon potin ofwh tc.I thraew ofMesrs tosemln;1 book aud Forste, owgteisil arerparefsueri omrisn piteedeadoods andiPAretbr bgs,&c. toethrodwcith rcabot10d,c a oft1 Scresol aeropptet Pertand herr ins,anlve the rsdayue r aben d cabot83aloges) ob ad Desiab. emal Feonld Etat, narma-doueouhtad Compri stagea with&I by oresr ofth agicatraloprucrh -bUins lan oving. e ucuin e THEs anotert g 2staena the Rading-ruad, , com aprisngtasemailt usailb Cotag wRthb. n fourbed troomh wor atrmcee,Io sitin areoams, noomail stidy, with gren. sandry iappu, andncelas, bconservmato,;sml dhetocsach resd.colloefwthetwoeroom ont thwould four,a gardveie,tlawn,tand grounds fr-hbouee ndilng withfns tImber,t and ornaidoentltes in th wholeks, anhr..m 'aid ;wither's-el walk.rTisaldps,rsoperlferectad rariewoportunitnstoprstonosfod.e1 seclusioe,I shituafomtehe aru a new huchan limetnontprovip- eghury co,l enIhs ae omtmteastt vewto of prsadsnhkeagod.thi eeth ord fuether pa. Tertcuosappytion or.h proprSmit,soaliior; an dAMr.Husbey,nauctigtoneer, Cou mrkt Etate,nAbotrkrwl,na NewlnAb toa ntAbbo edit, evOcit-Viuty of TeignmoytpubTicqaUyIO, Tatnaaathe GobSouth el,on 'NeWtoAbbT. afoesid on Taue'sdy thrheard.thodaycofreovembers Dnnextur, atndshe TafterInooen, aneible ESTATE,mcommonly PcalledsCofrtesituate in las lars ndapurtnace nweldthreit, onTaIONsinas iaboute15 Plataton r oodand an te rside Ioig aout85 crS) oad til lagelod. Threin coumoiousfamheumon th Cour estae, s tal Ostae Tenlters C. Dolic sic. Ctloges hed OUn the premises. R.B. Money advanCed On Plate, Piture, f rn tuse diamondts. intended for sale, M~jESSRS. JONES alid BONHAM beg to call -Tt)sebtois attentien to their old-establianed and rapacious AtlO- UINROS as being best adapted for the disposa of every clan3 of ~Pert? Intended for sae, These rooms, founided in the year 1703. IV ,wihu ntermission, beent the channel fer the Wie of all kiss. of miarketable property. Cominenring punctually at 6 eoIcto, three Oevenigs ga.r week; yiz., On Wednesdays. for miscellaneous proPerty of ; nThursdays, bouebehld Furniture excluively; Onr Fridas acet and modern paintings, pictur fratmes aud works of art generally. J. ad B,beg toassert,thatfromtheOOonres,krce ofrocesI PromDt settleme8nt Of accounts, and their large oonsaxio. of purchasers. combined with moderate charges, they offer facilities for tics dpOsa f SU kinds of property not to befound elsewhere.-Auctioa rooms. Leoeater-street, and Princes-street. Lelesier.rsouams This Evening, at 6 o'clock to the minute, in the Lower Rtooms; entrance In Princes-strees, on well as Leloester'street.-An Important Stock of Proofs and Prints, eleguntiy frmeod and glared ; enperlor Stock of Looking-glasses; together with General Rffe:ts, suit,able to shi PMes merchants, private families, and thae trade 1iESSRS. JONES and EON HAM win SELL by IL AUCTION, at their Lower Rooms, Lleeoster-etreet and Princes-street THIS EVENrNG, at 6 o'clock, an importat STOCK of ENGRAIHNGS, framed and glared, comprising many One Proofs and early impressions, looss prince in folio, books, drawings, stock of brooms, brushes, sponge, and hardware, guns, pistols, household fumnitumo Brurels carpets plated goosts, bronzes, clocks, chandelier, for gas, together with a large and handsome assort, nient of looeiug-giasees, choral and dressing ditto, girandole!, console glasses and ta.bles and a variety ot property rppertaining to a manuactrer f bokig-gisse amng hemWIll ha found sires varying romSOlebs by00,7 bylO,CO yiS 26by 44 50 by 40, 40bySO, endras, oher, ie wolehansomly raed In gilt and oarvedi To-morrow E9vening, at 6 to the milnute. a large assemblage of good and useful modemn Household Furniture, 12 Carved Chair Frames, Valuable Stock In Trado of an Ironmonesr.-107, Jermyn-street St. Jamee's. (HINNOCK and GALSWORTHY will SBELL b AUC8TIONI uponthePremeT18i DAY October 28, at 12 the genel TOI ot a FU ISIG IHRONKbNGER, compritlog ,er teaketUta, sew, gtoc bzing, caramot, and preserTing pans, Mutes. register, botWr, *nd eUptio steve, modem J aPanned chamber services. ebower, slipper hip and sponging baths, wshing bna ad foo-pans, Japoandai PIr machOe tera and waiteer ren teakettee, boilers, saucepans, stnns, coal boOs and scuttles, an4 genera culinary utensils, patent tin dish covers, hshkette. boilern, oduepd rtlv eaneD nnel canlelers, deed and cauh boxes, 1eUl an up of the drawrers, shelves, do. May e visewe tbe day preoedlng; *nd catalogues ba4 on tUhe premise.; and of the auctIoneers,t 28, Regentsteet, Waterlee-plee. Fist Day's S&o.-Honsebold Furniture, Books, 6O doz. of carload Wines and Liquenr, Fittings and Frnilturo oE tn Insuranoe Offloe, China, Glass, Linen, valuable O Paintings, aLd miaeUaneous (IHINNOCK and G&LSWORTHY wll SELL by tJ AUC 1ION, at the Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, To-morrow, October29 at 12, a arietot exoeUent modern HOUSE sIOLD FURNITURE, including diing and drawing room sultes, brary snd chamber appendages, Arabian bedsteads, bedding, So.. the exuensive well-made offioe fittings of an insurance Company. connisting of board room and pedestaS writing table. and deaks, chairs, caoris, do . a valuable libray of well-bound modern books. 3W vole,; clocks, Aa and ornamental items, a email but choloe oollecton ot cabinet piantIn by the fullowIn&sters eit:- m th U4e Uerls Netober D. Tenlens Moucheron Brwekenburgh P. Nelfo. About 60 doz. of fine wines. comprising Port old in bottle, E L and pale Sherries, rAfitte Clarets, and some curious Frontignpa Constantta, ko., to be delvered from the cellars of a gentleman in Pall-mill. Ma be viewed at the rooms; and catalogue. had of the sudtloneert, 28. Regentstreet, Waterlao-place. Second Day' 8ale,-Dlssolviunglews, Scientido Apparatus, c., from the toyal Foiyi-bnc Institution IHINNOCK and GALSWORTEY will SELL, by J AUCTlON at the Rooms 21 (lId Bond-street, on iridsy. Oct. S0, at 12, 100 DISSOLVVINGt VIEWS as exhibited most succesefully for many conseutive months,at the Royal Polytechnlc. and painted for that Insttution by Msems.rHiyne,O1axt%inIt~h. P'errlng,Frey,Waldeck and others, Inluatrating some ot the voagaes of Sinbwd the eantor, Sir W. ScottWs novel of KenUiwortbt Egypt in the time of the Pharaohb and the destruction of Covent-garden Theatre. The views as Lot only atdated for country and foreiga exhibition, but wiU form most beautiftu and reehercbO windowa for ooneervatories and other places; at the same tme will be sold the valuable Apparatus echymicaI gSass andmodelsotaprofesorofchymistry, who i8 goingabroad. On view the day preceeding, and moming of sale. and catalogues obtained et the Booms, and ab the auctioneers, 2, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. GLroeeowlh.-A comtortable mrivas Dweling, near the scsaon. MR. MURRELL will SELL by AUCTION, at .T.Gatrrwa 's. To-morrow, October 2 , at 12 for 1, a oom'ortable gente il WEINROBa,situa e No 6 Burney-street Greensih witshi fiv mnuts'wak o te ailaysttio, etto M,r. Win. Waiton a rspectable tenant, at per amnnm £40; held for an unexpired term of about 76 years, at a ground rent of £8 per annum. May be viewe by permissionl of t"e tenant. Particulars had of W. B. Tarrant, Re. anctioneer, co,, 1, Wabraoobk,Mansion-Xhoruse, citBy.rco f url Life Interest in Lec od P ,roducnigt£10r-nnum. MR. MIRELL wi iELc by AUTO at the IT Mart, To-morrow, October 29, at 12 for 1 ocloek. the LIFE IN MST of a ld in her 34th year to TWO LEASEHOLD ESTATES, situatef, Alenamstoe,It K'ueras, anod Nos. 6,7, 8, 2,ad 10, Lisbon-street, Mile-nd New-town, produicing In the gros 110 t r annum, and held nuder leaes, at grund rents, but aubjeot to thelieofalady nowlnbhsr34tlrycar;also Two Policies ofInsurance for £400 inthe City of London Lefe Asuranoe heloet efflected on the lioe of the same lady. Particulars may be had of F. roughtof Esq elicitor, Falcon-equar; at the Mart, and of Mr. Murreli, ucdonef31 1, Walbrook, city. Grenada, Westdes. h R. MURRELL is Nstruted to offer for SALE M1I by tubE AuoCrio at GarrawalOs, Corb*il, Loedon, on Thiurday, Nov. 19. at 12 fortI (unless an acceNtable offer a"h be pre, viortuly.ade by Nevva5e trcxty), all that we] aaut iand highly pro. ductive COCOA 13LANTATION, knorwn as Spooner'e, Hal or Tufton Hall Ino he parish of St Mark. Grenada, with the overseer's ho' curing-house, buldinge or store-houses. threon. and also a hous e nj stores at Grand Pauvre, about two miles from tie aetate. The ebstate contains about - acres, about 100 acres of wilch only are at lrent Planted. The colt. Is wel admapted for the rowth of coOaO and the cocoa of this estate Is of the beTt quality shpped frum the lsland. Posesion may be bad on the Oome tion of the purchase, and severa Parties are willing to take the esttefor a term,. at rents vary Ing from £300 to £4 per Wanum. Fuller particulars will ehortly e prepae and may be had of Mesers. Jenkyns Phelps, and Bennett. 14, Resi I Ion-sQuare; or of the auctioneer, 1, Walbrooki, Ntlsigon-house. 8hse lontee Reudencia Sare, adloseCA to the hiohrosb MRJSRS. DEW I wnll SEtT WSLL by AUCTION, at r-awa's Chng-sler Cobil,THIS DAY, October 28, at 1, No .10, MA R H aM-SQU ARE, Ohelsea,wilic poeesh,l conS8 tFa igrogusbd etloo ion5 rft repa AGir,am-ndur held fe ong ther aucto aeg H. sb.urly, sdoliio- tl, Sudonue-etrs, 12Bsosate Grrihu Godwn, 3 Halln~trrac, Bigrae-sqare. y an ofMr. Chelseay-Srouse,,for inveFmentuor oc 7upation, THREE eight-roomed HOUSES ad 1 A re King's-road, Chelsea, held for lon r a grout: the other with chop aittached, wlihj poesos. aybeviwe andparticularsbad of Messrs Colley Smith, Hu solicitors 9. New-=ye, Lincoln's-inn ; at Gsraa' ada a G(dwi'sofloos 3. tkin.tearre, Belgrve-square. F-seold,withpossssIo, No 0.Upper Chuns-row Celsea. MB.R FRED.GOD WIN Wil SELL by A CTION at p arraway's Coruhlu THLIS DAY. Oct. Ii, at 1e byro rd of the ecuters Fofte lateC 5n. Loks,e, the abore commodious D L H a GARentsqmire eDEN , Mostru advaultuanoously situate, Thect n e~n talhus Theyprdemie are ope tModvewand i ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ TI DAY 5ebr2, t1h particulars maybe glae' Of Sr B. preseqt licen Cuoasoabe, hoa'l sqare,n Chelea sroicito; and of the auctioneerl er, , alk-trerracuseU The 8oonePortoueo the MUndtedlable oporuniutyfembrkngi Soin _era us wh i author izT e tsonegotiate a salet byrato pvat c Th nerrs Tavoharn, emises-rotMr.bycoderfittire M ortager SRED. D d wONNOR ill SELLL by AUCTIon, h a c arrct ay'ER OuiS, NTH DAYto2, Ocxtober tI, the ROh rND o L rbs au lowe renst.a ocf the ab ish com andinew-ywnplaedt oel-uldt ROUSE, at presentpe licnsmedh lasa beer hus butfferngtoanerh rire. antiundenmieorndit tofn marking ird tirM peudblhosaed turade., 6h Acdommoatmionu is t-rate an,tlod ample; 1oo eiosegsge wtoutc- and e riseve at anytDme, and partcula himg on tihe paremiase oofuTuet tdion- gravesuarie.Iaeo pjiu rm=.2 rdeittet Imse DEW and MATTESWMl SELL by Ap O.TIMSIsN. ece by ordetinsrftr ofth heldO Ot lon at the Marcut, O cat p1 o' the abS enambein Noe. 9u ara'bl 0. tcey Dm so:erequrn cn on*eonra LUe other RVS O tc oneford o ,r Consol,f paya bl upon the arth m toc a efladyf ad C an s a. newr ado O X . hom i . en reqn, ansomrf t mee; aurondeof the Stautoneersp, 2 oa Thi Small.lonRS. e Dcbc d Pore n epraT lon sid in 1 aSrnb aEW can MATTrE. will SFLL by by,AUCTION, at the edLiont Tomorrow, atpe 12 fosr1o'ock eachis houseea lrot,ibited HoUSn tNepm. TE0I to,Ocoe 28, atxinsteiM1e-forr te w btowleto old theexeants,a 2 OUB erannum each:TUlEas i orea grune dbrent bpehou Pbiclar and ondtions m tar beEL nwme oMlngtbesrs e and g Turer,, wiAge drmandoher anrd rofthe a tone rt , b il,bishberrqgatewithout. d ahgn df om ute n Regent-squarge, tiresav-indeboard,-ertnex dilen taor-Occudoation BrBeSS E and ote aptn;oMATTHE wantrwill SELL by* Ye-modrog a 1Oct.ave catbtheMat, F foTeO caliaong plEatechOLDa DWsaes, ,fh HOUEd eachacontainin 13 rhojoeamis, and evuery ouvej stbre beinog s. 9Mand 10. Rlewednt-suae; one ltw dat£7 prere annum, teohrohand sohld fysml saore a tlogng temat b4e pbaedr theu epr- house. Pattheara tof beabad of MeohsrsSoue and. oTurne, l asidnestaebuuy, and of6theNauctioneer, 12Lihpgaewtot 1IrSR. DAVIM S F ndOBNTLL b re AC IONs il atrce tby lthea AssigdBneesoftreesrs Wofn T anday KNgtovSeLLr2 by AUTION,at te RedLionTaver, Up er Kings ofn Blrooms buys3 ae1 w m s walk fromdte how ( le, b.deing,bythe leaseAprohbite on the premiseel THI DAoY, October b 29, atlfr 12th wo 1hol oU.fthecletHUE LD URI R,co. includn a osewoo drabiangro and aious andha bendstmeas prmeD saarno cbieds and bedding,y maogeanyablertoppebagsi nand cea bdr-s. ding,table. andglaees winged andrOter, wardrobhes, candethe othe cambiler E gm, ce requisites, wl md aogn i ingdromtale, inOW usde-- tn morndnin table. and chairs, inluin 0ab6l-otmav caie paoore ria tplato chums gase chia andornamnts, a few choif engravig Mand, numro. an Rsl byOsampl asa e.CtLoge may beUoTaIONed on thepeMus. a h plaSe, Gofansyale;ofl. Johnson,im . Ta icia DAssignee, 20 oasinghalwitbOtresetrvo t.Sohe r, eq, solicitor, m2, Obaps wlge,ad old ther wardctieers,08 b ark-lane, BC.eUo rkes ieorg bfolm loo. ard, nd peNio. 1 Oald Seind-tey n ss. lass gt .LJ.ato the Ronms 2alnu Oldt and-slouel bonthursay. Novembe 12nU Scott.sho eseae, beonrsterns,bl Hums, DSmoglletbo,ikertond Cowro, m Obir wh - oa, 000ia andee ofhe plate. laed articlen., valuablen cope,ra proof engrla~,aving after Prnet, Epastlae maoand uHalrdin, aemndta imorta abntentomolakelrlto. 'May be viewedthdyne Tlthedyprvos and morning of sale. Catalogues ayb hato the preomaae atdofMr themas etonee, Hoautneyradhue gn,9, lbpg AP be st (Pofth atesMr. Jarnds Jsrken wt l SELLyUO byON Otte Nat on Theuresday. nTusdy November 1 0.at1.h L At o 12 fo I,te FURITUREand EFECTSoforthusabl dwesrition incluing arosewod dawingroom iteand t hadsfom te above- ding, chme-lses,Brofae Turkey, ana ohe-cret, oinn roo anle,draeris, thin, blars itnen reustspn ter Iet. m Mayb viwedthe af recous and moni iofslln BELaLugbe hadon hepreiss ;p,n o th actinee, , Brnrd.tWet,dusell.Y s-snare. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ o L T Forest-bill, Sydenbsar-xoexent modern Houehold Furniture, Ie- steads, Bedding, mnarble-top Wasbtauds and Toilet Sets. Io, dining, and Pembroke Table., Srussela and lDddermrinster Carpets, essy suit diug-room Chars an Indian Chair, 01-octave Cottage Pianoforte Chhmnuey and ToUoet Glse, China, Ulars, and other Effects.~~~~~~~~6-ctr l R. BIGGS haa been favoured with instructions from the Adennltrators of the late Thos. Wilxtnson Eeq., to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, Nor. 4, at lfor 12 preciesly, on the Premirees, I Albion-terrae, Foreet-hill. Bydenbam, nearBound. hill, amd midway retsveen the Forest-hill and Sydenham Stations, on the turnpike road, all the exoellent FURNITURE, compriidng 4-post, Arablan, and French bedsteads and hangings, feather beds, mactrese, pallia(ses, blanFets, mahogany washetancs marble-tops, tolet sets, ilet glases, chsts of mahogany drawr, toilet table do., r vewood ioo and mahogany Pembroke and dining tables, sideboards and cheffoniers, hair and damask oDvered oontbes, sets of dining and drawing room hbair., corered leather and Indian easy chalr, 6-octave cottige pianoforte in bandeome mabogany oae by Jakion, udaak indow curtains and cornice poles, Brus3els, Kidderminster, and Ve netimr carpet,, russ, fenders, dre irons loor cloth, cats, china. gasls a, d other effecot, with the usual kitchen resilite. May be viewed t be day preoeding the sale. Octaloguea to be had on the premises, snd of the alictioneer, 4. Annn-pla,e. UUDer Sydenham. eent. City.-Mlegant lousehold umriture, a One-toned 6ioct.CottaePlano, forte In rich carved walnut ease, a handsome Drawing-room Buite oovered in figured FUk, au elegant Console Table with glass over, Re glstered Writing Table, Wrought-Iron Safe, cut Pile Carpets, Glas , few Bronzes, Dreeden Ohina Figures, and numerous valaable Effects, taken under a bill of sale. N B. IZOD begs to announce ho w ill SELL by I a AUCTION, at theRooms, 69, Queen-street, two doors fror New Camou-street, THS DAY ( WVednesday }, Oct.2, annd To-mornoW Oct. 29, at 12, an asesiblage of elegant HOUSEHOLD FURN I T TOR ,removedforcounenieu oeotfsle includingah.udeome wanut Iwood drawing room suite, with table. and ebeffonlers in oorrespo lng order; briUiant plte chimrsey and oonsole glase, large cut prio Ca Pete. nlai cabinets, lofty window curtains proof prints ronzes, piano, ndother items eiscite for the dr-awing room superb B lnsb ilap stand,rich qarved.bcksideboard, o^ak libray tabe ad bookse, hanldsom e red Abian beds;ad an damask hangig, ole winged a*nd liw r,c es rawers, do an d singleudts - -top washuetans, eiSecte. 1, bCurtains o;d aio d num e oas valuable Lemeebold Property, Nwew.ct, Lambgeth F-. W- B. GLA.SIEE is favoured with bustmotons MSV. from the IxecutOeg of the late Geog portt¶]r.. fto Urb, AUCTION' at Garraway's, 00 Tunday, Noy. 10, at of1,3051*. BEV3N RO M.Xd with oommanding Uioeiat hitua, in db lli Not. 42, 43, 44~53, K4 and 56. Jilnerif-ps New-otut,Isebthis extenve t-VI ard and workshops,le to P'seetabla etesans,am aubrn,Maybevieed y Erm is ion.stprutieda by o th esExets. AlliedForte and rk`am aorahtec, Eq, ot-lo, BELL byoAgCTy, a. son, nd Tll, oliclors8Oando. 1off GrMessr.Boi et and Gle,,t solitoys 13014 ewey a rontaay.; and on te Houolne, No.17ChWarwg Bermnde andBerondhwsek. prou0 Lasrehoald Paof 1.. R W. B~Gts,Eu and Prmilnsthctd by them Execu* iV tre ofthe ateergeplc ortey,E 0q, s eLLo bsy. aU Ind,1. atWga toawayws o en T tesday.Uoyeofe M0a 2 ai. in lmots, tRebin1 Houoes withTilo,s,olic , 1o 8 and 1, Grangesram , Rocet ond leasetonspnlbie.Ol te ants, at low rrants '; and one tohe, No. 7 u W arwck Therlrace, Wi trowtwalk, Bemnry rdecgtf lugo a-etlof th 326~-, annum heldfor Ponrterms. tlwgon et,Myevee~ R. kW. nR. G ArcS et,atpae Be Insatructandsi Me fitnrow, t KeExec gtor-sar GeorgMeorter.FDn.mtoSELs L Rbin eltO'ON,3. Old GJreway; s at nTueaway's aNdoftererI actl1 ooeiL43 o'iok,th vaiagon deightful-Tb detightfu ReidMene o? the lateG.oge 'Peiter, ten,, situate No. 7, the Paragan, Streatharn, tupon which. he expended, only a few year sago, a considerable sum in imcIProvements and decoratlosis. Thne house contains three principal bed ohaLmbers, fiTe sec-ondary ditto, aud dressing room, dinIng, drawing, and breakf!ast rooma, with good domestic oflolce, aogech-house and two. staietable' carriage approach to portico; lawn orcbard and enkgac - den well stocked with chutes fruit trees in full eaing. Held for atro of i1 Yeaws, at a low cround renkt. May be Tiewed by cards only which. may be obtained of the aurtioneer, and_part.leulara had of korns Alfred Porter and iarktbam. architects, Fort-place, BermOudsey, snt11, Benninston.row, Kenningtton.park; of &ieserr. Drummondc, Robir. 'un, ad Till, woliclsorCroydon; of Messrs Roche and Gaver, olkcitor, 33, Ol"d Jewry ; at Garra-iap's: and of the auctloueer, 41, Charing-m.cr Valuable loog Leasehold. Prperty, Not~tiog*hill Rj. W. R. GliASIER is favoured with instruoeM tior)s tBELL by AUiJI0IO, at Garraway's, on Tuesday, Nor. 10. at 12 for L, in lots, the valualble, LEASEEOLD BESIL)dS.rfC sing Nif s 1,2 and 3, Bolland-pArx.terrae Noa. 50and dl, Noetiag: hilll.,quare, and the eligible Oottsge BeMsidence, known as the Ser5fe,~ Cottage, Nsotting-bhlll tbe whiois let to most reeponeible tenants, at low isuto, aLmountin to £320 per annum, and held for long termes, at low ground rests IMay eviewed by per,nlIrslnof the tenants. as'ipwrt-. acar atOwnT. Alger. Esq., solicitor, 37. Bedford-row: ast the t'iongb, Nothing-hill; at Garraway's ; and of the anctlone,r. 41, Charir.r-cro-v IIA. BILE wil SLL y UCTION, at Gar.LY..raays,onModay Nv.2,at12 asmall LEAISRHOLD ESTAE, a. 7. Glwa-enet, athstretsCity-roaa, let to a ye'Spelabe enat,whih s hldon eae a agrondrent. Partlculars may e ha of essr. Diirnok an Burey,solicitors, 2, Suffolklace Ca~no-steet an vi he uctoner, 7, hiswell*otrert, fion- Freehodluirhue otih et MR. BAILEY a rcveintuctistoSL. by ION,7 at Gairway's, on Mond,No.2at1,. FRBEEHOLD PUBLI -HOUE, known as the ConadMso Arims, sItuate ina Cannon-row, near the Arsenal-gat,Wowib ws immediate poseosson, May he viewed, and particunshdo h p'remises. of Messr. Marsoo, Dacley, and ain Oiltr,1 Anchor-place, Southwark.brldg -osd; at Garrawy';ad tth offices of the auctioneer. 27, Chlsowell-stret. Finiburs-sqoae. S .C htad.F,e-P. .Wnean Itri stabulsment, ~!j .BAILEY as received instructions to SELLs .Y.byAUCJION,a erwys on Msodidey, Nov. 2, at 12, the vanbeLEASE,wt oesn, of that well-known W'INR VAULTS mud TVE ,teQee' Head, most e.lgisly sItuate oa the north aide oi ttie tad e or from She Aselephi Tieatre The premises are Ina xclet lt of repair, ittndeomely fitted up with every o-,nvenienece, th xterior of which presenta a very bold and COMMan1ding aPpearanee. ith Plate-glass windows and two enetranreft of aL characemr to commaudth chief trade of thre neighbourhood an& thoroughfare ; held upon leawo tor an unexpired terai or 20 years, at a moderate rent. May be vdewed. particulars obtained on the pre. mses at Garriway's ; anet at the ofiicea of the auctIoneer, 27, ChiL. well-tree,. Finsbury-square. K.O. Church Fittinga.-To Bauiders, Building later`ial Dealers, -Sop. Fitters, Sc. RB. LEREW will SELL by AUCTION, at No. 2, Ml B3owlinig-green-lane. Clerkenwell, on Mionday, l,ovemter 2, about G,00 ft. of 12 'n. FRAMING, 1,000 ft. or iieat.s and a Beading Desk oomplete.-Audtuo. officee, tardlngton-street Ham,pstead-roadt. Final orzion.-aOerkenwell.-The,valuableStweo: aTlmererwcia~t and Leas of Prtemises. RIA. LEBEW will BELL by AUCTION, oa the LYFremises Bowling-green-iane, adJoining the Cherry-tree Tavern, on Moanday, ioarember 2, at I1fr 2 the REhE INING 5100IK; comprising 13,00 yellow, white, and pine planks, deats, and battens; 4,00(5) feet wide pine boards, mahogany sand birch, 5.00) feet. quartering, dye sQuare 50 siquasree prepared flooring, and larme quanetity of dry cut stuff. May be viewed an Saterday prior and morning of sale wheni catalogues and p-articulars may be bsa on the prewmies; and of the auctioneer, Cardingtou-street. Hampste*d-roal, near the Euston Station. Piece Goods, Atir, F iruiture, anid Effects,-This Day. ~ESSBz3. DEBEx'HAM, STOiLIL, and SON wil MVi SELL, aittleirRoams.s King-street. Corent-gardien, Tall DAY, the iS8thinii tatl S1 ISCELE,ANEOUS PROt'SlTY; cmeprising cloths, doekinshi l~s, W4 settins, velvets. lawer, linens, alpacas. ais shawls and manxtles, gl.-ntlemen'e attire, farsiture, &c. On view. Sale of Jewiellery. aPiofimndaring, a -Ship Onranometer by atn. Waces, and Plae.- au View. MESSRS. DBENHRAM, STOJRB, and SON will theirob tRoorme, King-street, Covent-garden Tfo-morrow, tns 29t inst., ait1, GOLD WACICHES and CRAMl~, expensive dr,sfemnases, silver at Sheffield plate, trInkets of finee gold set with gems, andother vainabies, r,a.T iedrapr,abrnen,sc AjITESSRS. BAILE andSNwlShLbyA - .LVATION, at the Mart, To-marrow, Citober 2,a 2ocok r two late, a brloci-built DWE6LING-HOUJSI, wioshpatgad. No. 6. Stockwell.terrsae, Clapham-roa4, term six yeas ttelwru of £15 pee annum ; also ak brict-buUlt Houze and shop, No., Freeman'si- plce, Mile-end-road, held at the low rent of £30 per annum. Particurlars, with conditions, may l'e had at the AuctIon Mart: of ?,essr. Sole,. TIurner. and Turner, 68, Aldetmanbury; of Mes.m Masn sand Steel, 7. Gresbasm-sttreet: of Acesrr Parrinton and Ladbury, 16, lIng-strwet; or o Mesrs Baleyand Son,4 , 4zWood-street, city. Cispainroa, SrrT.-To Farriers, Blaoksruiitnu, Beilhaniger, b.Q or to Small CapitaiustL, MESRS.BAILEY and SON will SELL by MUCTON, at the Mart, near the Ba4nk of England. To- morrow, October 29, at 12 for 1, a substanatial brick-buills HOUSE. containing five roams, wash-house, Joi, with an extensire Blaoksmith's Shop, Forge, and large Flot or Ground at the rear, with immedatxe poesession. Termn, 65 years the re-duced ground-reut being only £1l10OL per annum. The Mproet Is within a few domorso the Clapham-road, noarly oppOsite Lbs Sjwan at Btockwall being on the north side of Paradiso-place. May be viewed, and t,articul.ra hvI, at the Slwan, at Stookwell; at the Lark, Larkhall-lane; at the Mart; of Meaers Gray, Armstrong enid Mounsey, solcitors, Staple-inn; or of Mess ailey and Son, 4i., Wood-eitreet, city. O. etroicd.-Household untr,6~Paoot in WAIneei Ott Paintin.8, Engravings n fet R. H SODO willELL by AUCTION. near the Lord Nelsoni, on Tuesday. November 3, at Ii2.by direction of tho Proprietor, the genuine HOU8EHOLD FURNITURE, clambebr apependages, hudsoen req,iWetes, and numerous effects, May be viewed the day prior and mormeg of "ale, and catalogues had on the prmaises, and at Mr. H. Sowdon's oflices, 3, Commercial-piaoe, Old Kent-road, 8.R., and 10, Moor.rate.street, KC,C Quen'-rea-d, t'eokhom. ntear the NnedOmtr. oshl M ParnitUre, 67 Pianofosto In Roswod, and Effecti, MH. PrOB2N wil SELL by AUCTION, near the Nunblead C-emetery, on Saturday, Ortober 31, 187, at 12 precisly, the modern HOUSEHOLD FURNIT!URE ot an eightroomed noose, oil painigs, engravings, 6i pianoforte in rosewool caswe, and effects. Maybe viewed the dy prior and morning ofsale, an3d catalogues had on the premises, &-,d at the auctioneer's foelse, S. ComrI-pl.ace, O ld Renit road,S.,E.and 2 0, Mo orgate-otroet, X.C. Ol MorinCigars of.ds-ls uli,i igepudbxs la M ESSES.P RaIS Bt,adLiuus iV thelr Roomis, Ptzc ovontrgardsn onW nsdyet,ov 4, at 12 fori, dae old FRINCIGA.Sodrtcas1oliyine:lirl condition, n ote osi private buyers ThywD.eo ie i cataogueso h onn ot sale, and asapebxoechor opered f or inpetonaniai g.-Placzz, Cvn-adn Uxbride,m idlsr-oBidr n tes MR.B STRANSOH will SELL by AUCTIONL on iLthe Premises, WVIndsor,street, Uxbridige, THMS DA.Y, at 15. Ito t,TOCK in TRADE of a BUILDER ; ocnsisting of 10 marta, waggons. and van, timber shafits, three horse,, a capital pony, scaffold poles. ana board, addere, trestles, benches, Well-seasoned Oak and elm boards, doors and frames, sahes and frames, slate cistern, materials. and numerous efrects. Catalogues may be had oC the auctioneer, Uxbridga, Ia lsoleuc.-toder Funitre.Stok of a Jeweller and Weza jod ss CloakManufcture, alo of a Diaper and Haberdashaer, 400 Hatt andFany Cps.140pair of Boots and Shoes, 50 feet of Comws - Gass Grcer, Fttigs,Agrrusturl mplzements, and Effects. U B.ROBET RED will S LL, at his Roomns, LVJ. Geat Mrlboreg-street, on Mlonday, November 2, at U ror 32, modernFURNIURE;oomprising mahogany Ia, dinling, and otber tabls, ola, cair, ad esyditt, chimne and pier glasses, Brsseems and thercarpts, Pour-ot and jaspaunedlFrenc bedsteads, beldisig, obst o dawes,wasstads drssng tables and glasses, We chamber appenages so,The tockof jwellery comzprises 11 ladies' told. chans,ninAlbrt itt, 2 sinetrings. 24 lever watches, a regcetar. sprngdias nd loks,an efecs,May" veiewed on Saturday, and Stoak of Classical and Modem Musor. ] HfB ODGOSON will SELL by AUCTION at his, LVnewERooms. the corner of fleet-troet and Cbancery-lane, on. Irrldak Octobr30, at hall-past 12, a valuiable OOLLECTION of CL15. SIC MUSIC, complete scores of syrophondes, operas, kc,, in pianoforte scor; iatrmmental works for full orchestra; septetts, osxtetta, qointette, quartetts, vocal and dance music, Sc., containinig the most esteemed works of Mendelseohn, Beethoven, lfozart, Weber, Glaok, Meyerbeer, Schumann, anud others The most correct moodern and foreligneoitloos. Tube viewed and catalogues had. Modemn eurniturs two Cottage Pao,to nUiOrgans, Gold Watch and Chi.IrnCes,d. Gra om,25, t-haureryAD. n TO- Ibar tbls bokase ionchst .c edtAds,CleaNbedn, andte Ments, wihmselnouR fet.O vie ,anctalogue,anyregadyth dyprior.A ToNusrye and UtPs-elnto n efr iusre,Bd aeut's-paorkrad Capar.rse Finoft by Broadwd Clard, Stoddlrt. Brsndg% &c,, HEarp by rard Harmonlum by Alexander. MR. SCOTOE wi SELL by AUCTION, at. iVi the Salle Room, 25, Lead8 Ol'1-est,eetcty, THIS DAY, October2S at 1 far 2, by orde 0of the Trheetd oof A mteOele rup- wards f21 new and second-hand PIANOtoRTES, by the haeminent L-ondon Makers May7 be viewed the day Prior and mornin of sle. Catalogues had at the rooms; or of the uction S. Ie-sitset, edar udish square ,eg r b M= No. 3, Lanu9downe-rnad, Kcnsingtou-pak~ Notting-hill.--Sern- detahoed Villa for occupation or investMent, Overlohing and hairn. acess to beatful plureto pounds InTthe dear. e|Ip- Sw wl SL y xAUCTION, at the batonThursday. November 12, at 12 for 1. unolees preelsusly disposed Of by Private contractJl the long LEASBEHOLD VILLL. RMESDENCE, in this salubrious and much-esteemed locality, most. plemasngly and desirably situAte, 12 miinnIe,' walk from Kensington. gardens ; haeld for aLn uenexpired term of 81 years, at a pround rant,. and.of the annual value of £85 May be viewed, and particulr %u ad. conditions of sale, had on the premises:- of Messrs. Brdgces and Son, solicitors, 23, Red Lioon-square, W.C. at the Mart ; and of the auctiner h Lodge,. Notftnghil.W.NB The Furniture may be takn t aTvluation, in the usual way. Burtonuptxon-Trent.-OapItal Meesuage and valuable Land (Froaholdl.. -By Mar, IYED&lsr at the Queeu's Lotel, in Burton-upon-Treut, on Tuesday. November 17 ateo o'clock, LL that cap latethe residence of thpihfBurton.opnTe,i h ount orf.afford, witht the butios Patry,and lloeqist boxce, wit excelen ceblrn.Te firt Saronuas o dawng rxoom,n Ht,r9enbo. byWt.ti;mong a drssig rom,hooclset tun. The seconlooeonit of svn attick, clost, Sc.The o tbulg cmriegardfour-salle sable doule oac boz" ithlose ox~sadle oon, traw shed plgefthRies garen ous, wth eatng p ts. he hole of bulldigsar Is goo reair Th lad i wl~tate wih rgar t canalsan railays andii dmirblyadated or he esatosa Of a eewry
