BIRTHS. On the 19th lest. at Alesandroffskl, St. Paetenbuzz, thwMevi ol thLe RgY W, 1. eott, Eil0hc b. of aw e. On Lhe .6th inst., at 1, LAwn-piece, Sou%hLAmbeth, tbw~ife of JAmint Mspp, Bs aorgen. oft a won. On the 16th intL. nII gglegfield Hoes.. Breotford, the wife of CaDISAt J. P. Nixon. 25th RegIment B',.ibay N.L, instant Agent to thea Ooseinor.Gemerallorthe Sta%m s 02 Eajootarta, ot a zon. Oa the 18% Inst. , at igleth House, now z daburgh, Mrs. W. Mitchell, of a see. On the It iust, at Ashford MUddiee, Mra. J. B. Butle, ot a caughtes. Oa the 1Sh ies., the wife of the lter. lsederick Vincen, mebor of Kino1d. Su%ex. of a Wou. On te 19th lst. at the C"tawe, GediBng, NottIngham, the wife of the Rev. Philip Wmilias, Of anODn. Oa ths 21 nst.at T m6, rlshbosough.hll-gardemSt. Johl's-wood, the Wife of homas Yraee, Zpq. ot a daUghter. On the list Inst., at 13, Noefolg.etsect, Park-lane, the wife of George Alan lowted, of Barrington Hal, in tthe rotjtF Ot Eaeex, Esq., of a son asia heir. On the 21Ut in., at High Ashurart. 8Emi, La4y Mnuarldze, of a, Ion On the 21st ipst.. at No. 9, WoronowwroAd St. John'z-weed, the wgeo of the Iter. George W. Weldon, ot a see. On tt,o 21t Inst. at Hyda-vale, Blaokhesth, Mrs. Alfed B. j eond, of % daughter.
ARIAGES. On the 1'h June, 18S7, M pedal Hoem at hin own residence WUrbao, Port Natal. lSouth Af5ba, b? the 00 0. Spencey, Hoer' hpugt~¶oliD orviiEOg 0ton! Mr. reI . J. 4iDmer, of Du mto Ms Maty Kerr. or D'Urhn. On WednesdaY, the l2thlat, at the priah church, Tooting, S by the Rev. A. Job-non. Mr. Ja r ofT uayo Daone =re, to My Elizbeth, eldmt dau hter of JM. 1tcohd 5e. ot OiR BtoAnpton. .Ydd1lem. o On the 13th inst., ,at Denton bytha Rev.ur bythe FRWe7by, reot4 ot Neth onuncle ol the br1de,O LoethCrPo,i veo late od tb e ;rena. diet Guards, eldest Son of deEaIe zst ad WadI Sban Reeve. Leadne am, hac, ;lida;;re;. nepheE . S o tb o E;al ot Bar* wttgh. lo Frante W ilholIa eldes d auh'e of Sir Gin Ear1 by, Barb.B, of Denton-hall, tn the same count?. On the u9thln t.. at EAbg. Adohb Islner, by., of BernIL to ann, seond daughter ot M. eir nb4a, Xq., of Rambugn.r On tbe lStb inst, at dgbSt.n adsh churcb, by the Re. B. Mrrin, ol the UgAtre Ohureb, WOlrZrhmPtOe, asieted bythe teo, u. nbwtoo, S.- 1'ndey Raley, RkQ, gollcjSt Wqdabwy. to ;ie~ Jn-e, dauhrter of e Wlliamq W iliamso lioe, atht gt n On the 2th It., at RigMare Bhurch. by the Rev, T. N . RaylaTn, Mr. JImer ALA, OMerectrno,f Oytbo e BJdgen, G.I ge.tdauh stof the late dr. John Botdgen, o! RelvB ore, Surrey. On Thud the th teat., at St. Johs eninCgoer, by the Rev. G Goodehig ar Jles t0hidlBon of . ot PweDeputAmcousean, Cheltomhmiaa to Janer TecoEd daughter Or eter 5h, Req., of buhroad llackney. On the 20th inst., at 8S. a rie bhury h Tenbr, by the Bev. ieord e hlarm, tte rector., george Augutus Robbrts, t ys4d of w onrse Gleershire to Jcaephine, thid daughter of Jasaca wall, Joh., Gf Boder R oufe, senby, Pentbroe h. On the 20th inst., at 8t. AG dr,El Church, rlingutn, b th eb Rev l.egh B. The James hetty Lemesea 1. of Neetin- hile , to Cbsha ote lSth dTho htro Wiliam illa o hoa , eq., Or dtoD, On the 10th lot. at 8s. Miarie Bury St. Edmnd'ie, by the Rev. 0.3. Pltihpps Xyre, AL., rector ot MEaryl.hore, 3. G. Image, J"q, CaptFai 'n21st JunSeer and KRnight of the eICon of ifonour. to Cazs l>sobtrfous dahter o t the late Revc. R. Jehuson, rector ot Laveuhan,, On the 20th inst, at at Mark' Keamngtoe, by the hRe. Georgte Gre3g, Chal3es. third eon of the late DEepumtnt.Oatornmina General Haad, to E3dith Ann Jonles, sO ond sue-swinc daughter oi the late John Newbol4. Req., ot Radioed-row, and Craniner-road, .Ken- On1 tbe '31St InSt, at Badesy, bY the Rer. Hanwetl 1dward Rackhamn, Mr. KaDesou. jun., ot iblleeworto, SO Mary, widow of the .4te Joehua RryanS, ot B:awdsey, gentlmn On the 22d InaS., at St. George's, Haenover-square, JamuesHiggiBns, Req.. of Thelitocl3, i,heetlonni, nearManheeter, to iElen, daughtr o the late Thomas Chapman, RBeq., ot Bich5nond, surrY.
DEATHS. On ths mornlog of the let June at Kurnanl on _ia tO UmbWl and the hills, ou medical certidre of congedicu d the 9eln hra.,ht on by long expErenr to teb elzae Brlpadler it. D. Hailhfa, H.W' 75th Regi., commnding tbe lst Brgade od She Jeooe advancing upoa Delhi, andl latel the st tion of Umbalb,ged6, deeply and deserely Lme:nted. Massacred, on the 8th June. in the Foyr of Jhanl, Margaret Mill, hs belovel wle ot Ideu. 0. F. 8. Browne, 24th Madrs NL, DeWy. CommIssioner of Oral, and daughter of the lae T. . Davidson. Faq 3B.C U, readeut at NagPore ako, at the same Ume and rlace is zc.m Aune, secoud daughtkr Ot the late Capt. Gegge Bro Me. u A, and 31mr Browne, BoYers Woatbo, Wilts. he hAd but rectly joined heybrother, baing gone to Inila for the reoesyot her health. Ou the merning of the 19thot Jone, ar Kaboba, shot through tbe heert by a daclt, to the Inexoeseble grie of hbi bereaved mother and ial17, Ieutenant Somerset Edward Deane Towushend, Be^gat ArtIery, thid onm of the late Lord BIshop of Meeath On the 291h June, at PatnE, Etobect irh Gactrtt, q., Bengal Qirl SBrvce, ag.d 45, sixth and lst survivingnon ot the latSe A BdiNewry On the 9th July, on his osege from Azehegel to London, Thomas, youngest soo of the late John Gray. &q., of Wegt Ham, ae4, aged 88 On the 17th Juy last, at Fontatnebhlau, the Rev. John Fiumphzy Et. Aubyn, third Nan of the lai. Sir John St, Anhbn Bart., of lit MAcbeed Mount, Cornwall. On the 6th lnzt., atCO amame, near Naples, Captain EL T. Clatdg', of 11 Pionadlly, sveral ya a resldent At Nac, On the 13th insta, at Brkxton. Emily Rutb. the amiable and belovel daughtor of J. 8 Raelpb, oC Sudely-s^eet, Iaiton, tn ber 2st year. On the 16th bot,, st Kennin.on, Mary, the wife of Mr. John BoVJ Well aged SD. On the 1th nst, at Mount EAdford, Exeter, Rear-Admiral Thor. Polinolt Baugh. On the 1th tarst., at Hatngs, Jobn Goldaworthy Shorter, rsq., aged 52. On the 2tih Inst, lady S. Maey Stnley. of Haggestone Castle, Berwtok-on-Tweed. On Thuraday, the 20th tort., at 5. Taviton-etreet, Gordon-square, jnwe, the beloved wife of Robert Cbarles Esq., agtd 6L On the set itat. at Blhekbeath, AlIoe Flrher Willams. ¢ and ausghur of Mr. J3. F. Wililams, of Quee4-sxquare, Eooahbuzy, in hcmyear. On the 20th as., at Corsham, WIlts, the Rev. James MackenzIe, mnuof the late Sir tAnrZe lilewart Makene, Bart., of Coul, How. shire, aged 37. On the 20th tA, at Gmtley'vila, Foltone, Elz Sophia, reoit of the late Samuel Fothergi Lotisoun. Rq., and only daughtar of the late on. Mr. Bon lrrow. On the 21st tuet., suddenly, at the Pavilton Hotel, Folkestone, John ?t Bous3el, FAq., Clapbam-pAck, aged 71. On the 21s tast, John Hennry ELott, aged 34, only son ol J. H. Elliott. of M=rtln'eLue, Cannon-atreet, London. On the 21St iast., the beloved wife of W. Wighton, of emp'-row, Pimioo, tn the 6ith year of her age. On d the 21st inst., at Chadden Vicaroge, Derbushire, Ohartotte eanor, the beloved daughter of the Rey. Ch. Raweltns, aged 18 On the 21st Ita. at Camden-vIlla, Baywater, After a long and pain Wl Illness, Frauncs May, third daughler of the lateo teph Ve 30eq., of Quen's-equare. Wectmlnater.
MONBY-MA]KETa WanTYItB2LUGi7NOB. Saturday Evening. The arrival of news from Caleatta this morning, five days before the anticipated period, took the public by surprise, and, as owing to its confused and imperfect character it seered at flirst to be very unfavourable, the funds experienced a decline of a-half per cent., from which there was a slight tendencv to recovery before the close of busines The announcement that Delhi remained In the hands of the mutineers, that Cawnpore had temporarily been seized by them, and that the band of two or three hundred Earopeans who had held out ia the fort at that place under Sir H. Wheeler have most probably perished, that General Barnard has died of dysentery and Sir Henry Lawrence from wounds, that the whole of the troops In Oude as well as the Gwalior Contingent have joined the outbreak, and, finally, that a large Gover=ment steamer has been totally lost, seemed to present an unrelieved catalogue of disaster. But it was soon seen that the news was not so bad as it looked, and that its worst features consist rather of painful individual losses than of anything threatening to alter the ultimate termiation of the struggle. Although the death of General Barnard wiMl probably have delayed the attack upon Delhi, it is still possible, even in the present intance, that the fall of that place may be heard of, since the Bombay telegraph, which wil be as late as to the 30th of July, while that from Calcutta is only to the 21st, has yet to arrive. With regard even to the fate of the Europeans at Caw. pore there is also some room for hope, although it may be slight, and the fact of that station having been retaken by General Havelock, and of the rebels being in flight before him, after a series of defeats, shows a positive turning of the tide which can hardly have failed to exercise great influence, especially as there was now uninterrupted steam communication from Calcutta to Allahabad. The arrival of the China forces will likeise have stimulated a further revival of confidence at Calcutta, and it is to be regretted that the telegraph gives no quotations thence, since the price of Government paper and the rate of exchange would tell more in a short compass than anything else. The mutiny of the Gwalior Contingent and of the whole of the troops in Oude merely completes a series of events which were in progress at the previous dates, and for which everyone was prepared, while the loss of the Government steamer, as no lives appear to have been sacrificed, will be hailed almost as an advantage, the vessel having been the Transit, which, with1the7Admiralty predilections in her favour, maight otherwise have been reserved to bring about some more terrible calamity. Finally, on the present as on the former occasion, it is the negative intellgence that is most cheering. Not a doubt is thrown upon the continued loyalty of the Bombay and Madras armies, and if these should remain faithful until the 80,000 men despatched from England begin to arrive it will be from no want of power on the part of the Government if any of the Beng,al offenders escape unpunished. It likewise appears that Lucknow, regarding which the most intense anxiety prevailed, has not merely been able to hold out, but to strike a blow against the insurgents, and, although this effort has cost us a life which seems to have been regarded as the noblest in India, the sadness of that event is greatly mitigated by the circumstance that Sir Henry Law. rence is understood to have been suffering froma chronic and painful disease, to which in the course of a few years he must have succumbed, and that the death he has met is suchb as he most desired. Supposing the later news which may be expected from Bombay on Monday or Tuesday next, together with the corrected details of tW, Calcutta despatch, should contain nothing to impart a worse aspect to that just brought, there will consequently be no reason for increased apprehension as to the final result, however much the state of suspense may be prolonged. Consols for money which left off yesterday at 90i were first quoted 901 to i, whence they soon receded to 90j to J. There was then some recovery of confidence, and the latest transactions were at 901 to i for money and 90i to i for the account. Bank Stock closed at 214 to 215; Redueod, 901- to k ; NewThree per Cents. 91 to i; India Stock, 211 to 21S; India Bonds 22a. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer-bils, 4s. discount to par. The rate for loans in the Stock Exchange to-day was 4i per cent. In the course of the morning the failure of a broker was declared, but his liabilities were not large. It appears that, although she has arrived so much beforethe date at which she was due, the Nubia did not leave Calcutta until two or three days after her appointed time for sailing. Her advices, reaching to the 21st of July, are 17 days later than those by the previous mail. The steamer Bombay, which was to leave Bombay on the 30th of July, will probably have arrived at Suez in time for the Vectis to have left Alexandria for Marseilles with the united Bombay and Calcutta mails about Tuesday last, fn which case they may, perhaps, be expected in London on Weednesday or Thursday. On this occasion there will be no intelligence from China, the recent I loss of the Erin having necessitated a break cf a fortnight. The foreign stock-market has been inanimate. Russian was in good demand, while Turkish showed more weakness. Ru=sian Five per Cents. were negotiated for the account at 113k; Mexican, for the account, 22i; Spanisb, for the account, 40i; ditto Certificates, 6 and 6i; Turkish Six per Cents., 944; ditto, for the account, 94, 944, 93k, and 944; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 99k and A; for the account, 999; and Dutch Two-and-a-alf per Cents., 644. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 5c. for money and 67f. IOc. for the end of the month, showing in the latter case a fractional improvement. TheGreat Britain was reported this afternoon with 101,647 ounces of gold from Melbourne, valued at 406,588e. The failures announced yesterday from Liverpool show that the statements on the subject circulated last week in various journals contained no exaggeration, although, owing apparently to the efforts made by the persons interested to suppress inquiry, they involve some errors of detaiL The stoppage of Messrs. Buchanan, Brown, and Co., mentioned to-day, with liabilities reported at 300,0001., is believed to have been caused by that of Mr. Davies, the share dealer, who has left deficiencies to a most serious amount. Buchanan, Brown, and Co. were produce brokers with an excellent business, and their losses are thought to be attributable to share speculations. With regard to the liabilities of Mr. J. H. Hayes, who has suspended in the com trade, nothing positive seems to have transpired. The forgeries committed by the merchant who is alleged to have disappeared, and who is a member of a most respectable firm, are now variously stated at from 25,0001. to 100,0001. It seems a peculiarity of some portions of the Liverpool commnlunity that they always repel adverse statements with regard to the pecuniary position of any members of their body with a zeal which shows a greater sensitiveness for the reckless speculator than for the legitimate trader. Although it is of the utmost importance to the straightforward conduct of buiness that all instances of the abue of craedit should be exposed, each reference to them is 5mmediately met iis a deliberate endeavour to cause xaischief. The most extraordinary illustration of this tendency ras in the notorious case of Mr. Oliver, -where soDe of the leading merchants of the tsown affixed their signature to a notice on 'Chan -, denouncing the publication of facts which they must have had reason to belleve to be thoroughlyfrue; and scarcely any Intes of large failue, ha ve occred in wrhich the same system hs not been to some extent pursued. Accrdingly during the past week .omplat ave been numerous of pagrphs having app6ared in the London papers calculated to lead'thepublic.to, suppose that. there has been in any quarter a difficulty worth mentioning. Every one should, of course, bes anxious to check vague alarms, and to keep back all private iuformation that might poasibly interfere with pending efforts to prevent an extension of disater, but to attempt to conceal or to give a false colour to facts that have already occurred is nob the be,t method of promoting that end. The following is an babtract of the railway intelligence of the week :-At a mneeting of the NorthEastern the dividend was at the rate of Si. per cent. per annum on the Berwick Stock, 41. on the York, and 21. (being the first dividend) on the Leeds. The net receTpts for the half-year show au increase of 45,2591. on the corresponding period of 1856; and it was stated that larger dividends could have been paid had it been considered prudent. Notice has been given that the fifth or 7 per cent. preference shares of the LeedJs section wll be paid off on the 1st of October. Resolutions were carried to enable the company to purchase the Dear. neas Valley ailwaM, and to subscribe 8,0001. towards the North Yorkshire and Cleveland. At a meeting of the Londonderry and Enniskillen the full dividend was declared on the 6 per cent. preference shares, and 3s. 3d., or at the rate of 21. 12s. per cent. per annum, on the 121. lOs. shares. The receipts for the half-year were 17,7371., against 16,1001. in the corresponding period of 1856, and the expenditure was 9,7001., agaist 9,4291. 'lhe company have had considerable difficulties in placing their debentures; but the period for repaying the Govern ment advance haa been extended from 10 to 20 years. At ameetingoftheStamfordandEssendinethe iesue of a limited number of preference share3 was Lanctioned. The Vale of Neath dividend is at the rate of 4Q per cent. per annum. The receipts for the half-year amounted to 43,3231., being an increase of 11,1731. on those of the corresponding period of last year, and the working expenses have diminished from 50 to 47 per cent. An agreement was approved for a lease of the Aberdare Valley Railway for ten years. The meet. ing of the Kendal and Windermere was ad- journed in consequence of Mr. Rotheram's award as. to the division of traffic not being understood. The accounts show a deficiency of 5491 after payment of interest on bonds and preference aharea; but this sum, it is believed, wil be recovered in the current half-year. The deficiency is attributed to the abstraction of the Kendal goods traTfic by the Lancaster and Carlisle Company. The dividend of the Buckinghamshire is at the rate of 4 percent. per annum, the amount received for the rental of the line to the London and North-Western. The traffic was stated to be increasing. At a meeting of the Salisbury and Yeovil the agreement with the Lon- don and South-Western was oonfirmed. A portion. of the line, from Salisbury to Gillingham, 23 miles, will be opened in about 12 monthls. At a meeting of the Stockport, Disley, and Whaley-bridge the chairman stated that the passenger traffic on the line being opened to Whaley-bridge was satisfactory. The goods and mineral traffic will be brought on eacly next month. The Ulster Company dividend is at the rate of 6 ner cent. per annum. A meeting of the Great Li=xembourg has been held preparatory to the annual meeting at Brussels. Since the last report a &rect through communication has been effected with Rotterdam and the whole of Holland, as well as Ostend, Antwerp, and all other places in the north of Belgium. The gross receipts for the past year amount to 32,0721., and the profits to 16,4581., which has been applied to the interest on the obligation debt. The first section of the line from Namur to Arlon will be opened a distance of 18 miles by the end of the present year. To complete this line it is proposed to issue 125,000 obligations of 41. each with a 5 per cent. interest at 31., reimbursable at 51. by annual drawings. At a meeting of the London, Tilbury, and Southend the revenue for the half-year was stated to be 22,0811., against 20,0241. in the corresponding period of 1856, while the working expenses show a large diminution. The guaranteed dividend from Messu. Peto, Brassey, and Co. is at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum; the receipts are sufficient to pay 4 per cent. The extension from Bow to Barking will be opened early in 1858. At a meeting of the Mid-Kent it was stated that, considering all circumstances, the result of the half-year's working is encouraging. A Bill for the Croydon Extension has been rejected, but a further application will be made next session. No dividend was declared at the meeting of the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking. The expenditure on capital account has been 379,7481., and the receipts 357,2931., leaving liabilities of 22,4551. The traffic from the 4th of June 1856, to the 30th of June, 1857, showed that 13,6971. had been received, and 11,7461. paid for working expenses and interest onI debentures; the balance, 1,9511., is subject to a deduction for toll over the South-Eastern. The company are libouring under considerable difficulties, In consequence of the competition for the Reading and London traffic. Proceedings have been taken at Exmouth for the construction of a railway to Exeter, and 30,0001. has been subscribed. The South-Western, however, have decided upon makdng a branch from Exeter to Topsham, half way between Exeter and Exmouth, and the new company are invitedto construct their line to Topsham only. The London and Blackwall dividend is 2s. 9d.; the traffic on the main line has fallen off, but in all the ramifications there has been an improvement; the debenture capital is 337,3501., which has been raised at rates varying from 3i to 5 per cent. lately. An amendment to appoint a commaitte of investigation was lost by a large majority. The North British have decided on the construction of railways to the south of their terminus at Hawick to obtain a through route to the south and west of Scotland and to Ireland. The capital required is about 450,0001. The West Durham dividend is at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum. A considerable sum has been expended in putting the railway in complete repair. The Auckland branch of the North-Eastern, opened in December last, has diverted a large amount of traffic from this line. The dividend upon the ordinary and extension shares of the Blyth and Tyne is at the rate of 6S per cent. The Bedlington line has been purchased on advantageous terms. The Morpeth Extension, of which the above line forms a part, will shortly be opened. A report upon the Grand Trunk of Canada Railway, the character of the works, and the quality of the rolling stock, has been issued by Mr. C. H. Gregory, C.E., who was sent to Canada for. that purpose. Its purport is generally favourable. At a meeting of the North and South Western Junction it was Btated that the receipts from passengers have increased, while those from other sources show a decrease. The Hampstead Junction line is progressing, but will not be opened for some months. A dividend was declared at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum. At a meeting of the SoUth Wales the accounts showed a net balance of 55,2471., and a distribution of 31 per cent. was ordered. A large addition to the trahfc is expected from the trade between Waterford and Milford Hlaven. The company are about to proceed to a new award with the Great Western. The South Devon dividend is 16s. 1ld. The additionaal shares authorized by the Act of 1857 were created on the 9th of July, and consist of 10,000 of 101. each, bearing a guarantee of 5 per cent. to March, 1865, and 4A per cent, thereafter. This capital is to defray tbe expense already incurred of doubling the line between Newton and Totnes, the construction of the Sutton Har'oour branch, &o. The Midland dividend was in accordance with the recommendation of the report. Some anxiety has been felt from the debt on the permanent way account amounting to 109,5441. It is intended to set aside 20,0001. a-year to liquidate it. Explanations were given respecting the cancelling of 'the agreement with the London and North-Western. The opening of the Great Northern has caused a loss on the passenger, but an immense gai on the goods traffic. At a meeting of the hreawsbury and Hereford the dividend was at the rate guaranteed by D![r. Brassey; the traffic exhibits a steady increase. The report of the Bristol and ExWter shows a balance of 53,7421., which permits a diafflibution at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum; the company have suffered by the competition in the Yeovil district by the opening of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway. The NewPport, Abergavennly, and E[ereford dividend is upon the preference shares only. An agreement has been entered into with the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton and the Worcester and Hereford for the prompt completion of the latter line. The dividend proposed by the South-Eastern is 9s. on each 301. stock, which, with that of the-previous half-year, mnakes 4 yer eent. per annum. The Eist Iancashire report allows an improvement equal to 1 percent. on the ordinary stock. A dividend is recoxamended at the rate of 5 per cent. per aunum. The report of the Taf*Vale proposesa A dend for the half-year -' the rate of 8 per cent, per anun,.' The usual 7501. has been applied to the depreciation fund. A BiM has passed- to enable the Ely Tidal Harbour Comny to construc-t a dock to promote the general trade of the district. The Rhymney Railway, which is intended to work over six miles of the Taff Vale, ia expected to be opened in the presient half-year. The report of the Northera Countieas Union states that the negotiations with the Bedale and Leyburn Company have failed. Proceedings have been instituted in Chsancery -for the 6,0001., with interest from 1851, claimed from the North-Eastern (formerly the Leeds Northern). The Worcester and Hereford announce a traffic agreement with the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverharapton and the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford. It is intended to proceed.actively with the line between Malvern and Worcester. At a meeting of the Eastern Couities the dividend was in accordance withl the reporb. The receipts have increased 20,0001., and there is a decrease in working expenses of 14,0001, The company have expended within the last two years 176,0001. to put the line in order, and there remained at the end of the year a sum of 112,0001. to be charged against revenue, which has been reduced to 91,0001. Atarmeeting of the Great Western amd Brentford it was stated that the line will probably be opened in a few months. The accounts of the North Yorkshire and Cleveland showed receipts 1,2691., and working expense 7201 leaving 5491.; but the directors do not recomend a avdend at present. The line was opened from Pickton to Stokedley in March. The report of the Dublin and Drogheda sates that, notwithstanding an increase in profits, the rate of interest on the debenture debt leaves the amount available for dividend about the same as in the corresponding period of last year. The greater part of the Dundalk and Enniakilenline willsoonbecompleted. The dividend recommended is at the rate of 4i per cent. per annum. The report of the Cork and oughal states that the resources of the company are sufficient to coinplete the fir section between Middleton and Dunkettle. From this to Cork the traffic will be by tmall steamers. The Austrian Northern Company have failed in their attempt to cede the concession of the West Galiolan Railroad to the East Galician. It is expected that the whole line between Venice and Milan will be completed by the end of next month. ThEe report of the Southampton Dock Company, issued prepiratory to their meeting on the 26th, states the profit for the year at 6,6811., which, with a previous surplus of 1,1601., gives a total of 7,8411. available for dividend. A distribution at the rate of 4 per cenb. in recommended, which will leave 6261. to be carried forward. The colonial wool sales terminated to-day, and according to Messrs. Southey and Son the advance ultimately realized has been 2Ad. per lb. on Sydney wool, and 2d.to 2 d. on Port Philip, VaulDiemen's Land, and South Australian. The proportion taken for forein account was larger than usual, and the rates now emtabllnhed are higher than any known for several year past. The total quantity comprised was 80,305 bales. The following information regarding the mining business of the week is condensed from the Miminq Jotwinal.-_ " The past week hba been characterized by a far greaterdemand for shares in mines than could be supplied at the prices pifered, but a good business ha been done, the markes, on ahe whole, wearing a more favouble as t. At Providencqe Mines meeting the accounts showed a barance ! in favour of 4dventers of 2,4321.; a ;ividend of 2,2401. (41. per share) was declared, leaving a balance to next acIcoun of 12f. A t Great South Tolgns neeting theaccounts showed a angee m havour of the mine of 3,79g1.; a dividend of 3,0001. (lOs. per share) was declared. At the Rhos. Iwydol and Bcheiddon Mines meeting the accounts shoaed I ahalance of 8121. in favour of the mnine, besides the ores shipped and unsold; a dividend of 3s. per share was declared. At St. fves Consols meeting the accounts show,d a balance in favour of the mine of 311. At North Wheal Crofty meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 6461. ; a call of Ils. 6d. per share was male, At Wheal Trefasis meeting the accounts showed s balance against adventurers of 4301.; a call of 11 per sbare w~s made. At Condurrow Mine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 253'. At Cook's Kitchen Mine meeting the aoounts ehowed a balance against adventurers of 8231. a call of lOs. per share was mide. At Mill Pool Mine meeting the accounats showed a balance against the mine of 8441., to meet which a call of 16s. . per share was made. At Wheal Evelyn I meeting thle aacounts showed a balanoe against ad- venturers of 3521.; a call of 13s. 9d. per share was made. At Wheal grewer meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1461. ;a call of 11. per share was made. At South Carn Brea Mine meeting the accounts showed a balnoe in favour-of the mine of 781.; a cal of 2s. per share was made. At East Cara Brea Mine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 6971. At the Wheal Tehidy meeting the accounts showed a balaneo against the mine of 3071., against which there were arrears of call of 12!., aud the sale of 85 tons of copper ore, computedlat the sum of 1,1421. At Wheal Trethellan meet. log the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 3491.; a call of 4. was made. At VWest Trethellan ine meeting the accounts showed a balance against a dven. turers of l.51; a call of 11. lOs. per sharewvas made,"
AzmwITr OF Homi LFE: iN AmRicA.-Oa Saturday a difficulty occtrred at the Ephrata Mountain Spring, which came near having an unpleasant termination. The particulars, as far as we have been able to gather them from the many flying reports on the matter, are about as follows :-It appear that at the dinner table, after most of the boarders had retired, a gentleman named White from Baltimore, got into an altercation with one of the coloured servants, who, healleged,had carried away his plate on which he had just ordered meat. The charge was denied by the servant, when high words took place between the two, which ended by the former picking np a tumbler and hurling it at the head of the latter. The servant evaded the flying missile by dodging, and directly made towards Mr. White int a menacing manner, and struck himn in the face, urged on it is said, by the other servants in the room. The noise of the disturbance filled the room with the guests o the hotse, principally Southerners, who caught the serv and forced him from the room. Considerable confusion folowed the fracas, and a meeting was soon afterwards called and attended by nearly all the boarders of the house. Thu pro. ceedings, however, were oonducted altogether by gentlemen from the South, of whom there are several hundreds at the Springs. Speeches were made denounciin the' conduct of the gegvant in very severe terms, ana even counseling violence to his person. From all the statements which were made at the meeting, the sympathies of the crowd seemed yery much in favour of Mfr. White, not only by.the boarders from the south, but also from the north, and things were In a fair way for adjournmeut when a gentleman from Baltimore, whose name we did not learn, arose and made a violent speech, denouncing free niggers in general, and very indisoreetly, we think, reflected sharply upon Pennsylvania and her laws. Previous to tnis the Pennsylvanians preseun said not a -word i bat for gentlemuen from the South to come into the very heart of our State and denounce its people and its institutions was more than theywere willing to let pass by ln silence, andclgentleman from Philadelphia3whose name we were unable tolearn, interrupted the spiaker,and replied with much animation, vindicating Pennsylvania from the charges made by the "cl4valric son" of the smnny Souath, and saying Sn very plain terms the Baltimorean did not tell the truth. The Philadelphinn was hacked ud by others from the N7orth, and then followed a scene of the greatest confusion, which threatened for a while to lIa to very serious consequences; but, fortunately, oil was poued cxn tho troubled -vwaters, and order was somewhat restooed. Since the affair which took place at the table we learn. the servant was wrongly accused. The plate of Kr., White was removed, but by one of the other servants, who supposed he was " through" with his dinner, and the one accused passing Mr. White's chair at the time, was charged with carrying the plate off. We learn, too, on the other side, that the provocation on the part of the servant was almost unbearble, he calling Zfr. White "a-liar," who had his Dlace between two ladies at the time. Much excitement existed, and ill-feeling was felt during the day and evening, the Southerners demanding the expulsion of the servant from the house, and threatened that, if he ap,peared at the tea table he would be severely dealt with. Lbe servants of the houe also held a meeting, and resolved, if ke ivas expelled, to leave the establishment - in a body. The matter continued in the s;me unsettled state ntil somo time jesterday, wvheA the servant left. the establisririnent in such j.way as to satsfy the othero, and at last accounts all was quiet at the Springsi Th;e above acooiLnt ve publish aewe have it from a number-of persons who vero presentAtthethne. Astowbho-iinthe; wron, we have no oQpio'foventure. WVe believe this the fist diffieflt, tt ias eva occurred at this weU-conducted plac' of summer icsort, ana willonly say that difficulte tso 3 lappea ithe best regulatedfanilias." - (#,a tI1-tU) g2¢5 Aug. 3. G? ae~~.-O2qm SHELNG SA, atur- day, Aigust 22.-~Adlsons oar payneu*, 16,753, dItt,~ bj tw3~igkets, 2,176; tota visitors, 18,609,
"'AIWLWAY AND MNING SIZARE - s - - ~~~Saturday .ven2g. ohe deoline in the funds has produced a correspoDaing h6aviness in the railway-market, and in sofie,iacriptiong a fall has taken plare. Eastern Counties, htwever, elightl; improved. There was a further! re4uetiotuof l, inl South Wale. East iIn.dimI,alras, and Great Indian Peninsula were fvourably affected by the the Indian news, and GianLI vlq* of Canada receded II. In French share. aa ~dvance occurred in Northern of France. in n yes, Wheal Bassett were lower. There was no alteration in joint-stock banks. In miscellaneous aecurities, London General Omnibus closed at an improvement, while Crystal Palace showed considerable wealmess.
TRADE BEPORT. TA.LLow..The mark~et b Satbee ay a Etu nin Considerable businem was done for tendothyarat 59s. to 59g.3d., butafterthe elmhmk6~ paid, ana for September 62s. 6d. to 6s a utd h delivery is 1,363; arrival, 1,889 caskcs. ly-A-THn Ai,-D HxnnE.-The demand for U kidnds of leather has continued extremely &aotive throughouLt the week, and an upward tenaenoy still prevails prclaly for offal and light butte. In the raw hide-marketyesterday fhrmer price were obtained, with an ilsuffioieut siipply to meet the wants of the trade..
=2'A' OFl2ZA -- |Te market h wew' Tba-1OHaTERn AuG. 2Zw t~ ~~sdh ltielu8irrag .5P4sodeflJSfl< ductiot in the pri ef zi-oes-ee i i higherrateas, b%tthe *ve4 ingoodsiaaoiecoMiiMo4 with that in yan : the poiti onf =aufaeturewi |pear to btoomc evury ;wi~mwo1tefavourable. ThcZ ,nad this-week as, *iplude narly&all description; o cloth, andthe production bas. dcraesed so m huchaste. favour the upward' novemit' ao ta the hs pibia been ncre moaeytscm )-A 'vert transatiWn. 7Ther bhs been a general adwaAes = =- Csaj-,And X ten - is still towards bghir.ethe stocks bing nolonger, cisut for the demanu .rinIlothl alsomixuprovd, .ie, though thebrascion havenot bteeynnLerlon. Vh. de. d for Indio, 'li slightly improved. and tb* purc7 of JnzdiiL lbisdm have been rather extx e..n buyers being infinmnced noi bythe propect of demund,h4 by the comparative chesapse of ih goods and the ul. ward progress of the oottonmarket at the same time. Theme prchase may therefore:beriepod,d as aspecative. Th md news to hand this morning rearded with con. cern, and houses hlwe 1st the tsad3 will await their lebtei with anxiety. The -arket foryarn]s kwbeen xceedin&l firm, spinnes being wel upaplied with orders. and s offers have been esnterlaind by them exoept at au adve of id. to id. per lb. an last wYseka quotations. ThIS i-% however, somewhat reBtrited busmee. Mr. Thoma Stewrt, a spinner and manufacter at Stockport, am stoppdeyment, With liAbilitha over 20,OOD4, ad offer6i comositon of 1D , the.son.. Along withan in c remaesnd foR Busia, under the decrae aif it has tranpired tht sone havyoorders ix machnery are in han bqevrnewmilsnthat courdntry BlRNGRAE , AluG. 22. The orewris from the hroz diatictsco South Staffordsdth continue to be satisfactory. The demand is steady, an4 pdoes arefirialy supportd. Durig the week an order has boen given andsacepted by one aie establihmneut in tJe neighbourhood for ,000 tons of marufactured iron, to to delivered within three mofnths at lst quarter-da's price ; vhile in other instnoes an dvanos of 2s. id. per ton upos exising rates for deliveries within the ame neriod havs been tendered and declined he orders for the Uniel States show an increased demand, but the reduced taxim of which so much was said a few montbs ago, dDoes Ot appear to have produced the beneficaleffedt upon. th South Staffiordshire trade which was anticipated. For home e mption manufactured iron of beet qalities i in i-equeo1 and the works of the first maskers are fuy employed. Most, if not .11 b anchs of the brns-foundry businecont:nue modeately active. large esbishments which e few weeks ago were working abort time hbve now orders ha hbnd which will keep them usilyAtwork for some monts to come; these e chiefly formarine and locomotive tbing. In cabinet brassfoundry there is-more doing, and geneaix the casting trade is brisk, both here and in the district. All departmentEoof the gtntrde are ctive. Patternsa e now in hand of Vsege s gns," as they are termed, f- the French i Te makers to whom th-y have beei intrusted are required to produce them for insewtion, inth course of three weeks, and should they be approved, et which little doubt is entertaind large orders are ezpocte4 to be received from the French Government. Themaufacturers of tin wares, considering the repesat advances which have reently taken plae in the price of material, are tolerably well eff for orders. They re scarcely so active as a few months ago, and this is owing to a reluc anoe manifested to manufacture for stock with tin at iW present quotations. The generl trades of the town, lHke the iron trade of gth district, are quiet, and some departments of locsl m-nn. facture are more than usually languid. Those establish. ments which, more or less, are dependent apon the require. ments of war, and the mnufacturers of irnmongeryand braziery manreparticularly ired for the winter trade, are apparently doing beet. ^ancy busieses are general sLeek. The ss4dlery ironmongery branches, s well s the military forge manufacture, arc brisk, but neither are so extraordinarily usy as they were dring the Russian war. The agricultural inpiement makers are mkng great pro. parations to meet the demand for hubndry machinesan tools whch usuay occ at this periodOf the year. Me of the workshops engad in this branch of loca manu ore, which has nowr become one of great importanoe in the town, are fully emploeL A gret demand has lry taken pla^ce, and now tiecrops are for the mm r pxt cle off the ground an unusuIll large implement trade is anti. cipated. From the adaoining manufacring distcts of Stafford. Fhire and Worcestere the reports, if not highlb ati_. factory, axe in the main encouraging. The foundnes am generally well employed, and contracts for heavy casting In vanous parts ct the couniry are upon the inreas. Macinits are in good work, an for al descr.iptions oC foundry equired for sinbuilding there is at present a large demand. The caixinaufacture in the neighbou rLes, en peadzx, i lit. 51iGHa3,A .2. sthigh pfSorrioe,adg maufcurr we There is very ltle aeraontto repor in the lhce trade, business reaneing much 'n the si quiet state ala Isd week. We are stillain the midst of a dul earson, and althiough in some brancs here io ther more ddong, busnsess, generaly speaking, is flt, Silks and yarns are selling a t high prices, and manuatrers are deterined not to cscate stock. The trade tha is doing isof a healthychre |tsr, there being alost anabeence of "jobbing." In hosiery the same inactivity which has charceie thisbranh for a number of wespast continues, and manufcturers are notanticipafng any immediate improve. ment. Purchases for tlhe Cana market to a limited extent e being effected. Hosiery, silk, and yarns are high LEICEETER, AUG. 22. The hosiery trae is in zahealtystate, and there is fully as mnuch doing as isusual at this eaeron of the year. There, has been a large order from Government given out, which will render one branch (the knit hose) ctive for some time6 In other branches, considerdng the high rates at which materil ie sllellig, there is s amuch doing as could be reasonably expected for the time of the year. The barve has employed great number of stockinges in the country ditricte. Wools are firm, and tolerably brisk at lAs week rates. The worsted soils are workingfu time, nd ya=n remain as last quoted. LEEDS, AuG. 22. The woollen cloth trade is ejoying fair amount of prosperity, and, although the state oflaffaira inIndiais not calculated to improve commercial affairs, the demand for cloth, espeay such as is suited for winter, continu steady, and is to an average extent for the season. Withiiz the past few days some large orders of goods have been sent to the United States and Cmnada, and altogether. exoept for India and China, there is more business doing by foreign hous. The improvement which has taken rlac in the weather and the knowledge that, in spite of the harm, done othe crops by the lateheavy ans, thers is llby to be an abundant arvest, areimpartingmore confidenue as to the home trade, in which a little more is doing. In both the cloth-halls thismorning there wa a good attendanceor buyers, who purhased beasers, cloakings, and other sea. sonable goods with more animation than last week. Un1ns cloths are alo aeliDg better. Prioes re very firm, and, as wool is still creeping up, it is Ikelythat they may advance. Both manufacturers and 3neruhnisareacting with caution, and the dcoth trade of this town and district is free from anything like speculation. There is, however, in some quar ters a speculative spirit as to wool, but it is shown by dealers rather than consumers. eno it is sid that co. siderable stocks of the raw material are held for a further At the York wool-market on Thursday last there ws vevy fir show of wool at market for this season d the yer probably above 200 sheets, and the trade was to a brisk at, for the most part, prices previouy quoted. $here ws no rise, but certainly no disosi on on the part oE holders to decrease their demands A fair good paoeil was worth 11. a-stone; one a little cleaner fetched 6d. mor, and first-class lots were worth a guine. Iferior eorS ranged dcwnwards irS proportio The flax trade, which is extensvely carred on in Leedt; is brisk. In almost every department the operatives ae fully employed. H&.IEFAX, AUG. 2Z. The wore trde hs been rther quiet drig the weel, and the mark-t to-day has not been well attended, nor ha,v puarchases been fredy made nor many orders given. Thee remarks, however, apply chiefly to piece goodsE for there isa little improvement as reoecte yarns, pr, at least, there I more inquiry, hut the pnces offered are not generally deemed to be adequately runerative owing to the ver high prize of wrooL For th:e latter the demnd is sedyan prnces are the same; noils and brokes are sold at a algh ad vance. DUBLIN, AUG. 22. The Customse reeipts for the wreek to Thursday, AnguA 20, inclusive were 16,656?. against 21,0077- last week. BELFAST, AUG. 21. Iinen.-In Armagh, on Tuesday, the - et 'was fairly supplied with goods, which were well bought up at former rates. Igan mrket warther dienTharsday, eroep forbird-eye diapers and low lawns, which are still i di. mend, X freely brought at previous rates. Blymena market, on Saturday, presentedns new feature. Linen yarn insteady demand at previous rates. FIal-The supply of ew. &n the coantry marketels very limitedas yet, only a few loads appeaing in any fd them exoept Cookstown, which had from four to five tons 1 T prie askedby the farmers is righ, but the qulity Iis considered good. Cotton.-In the saleof bleached musHins a better budn has been done. Gray goods areadllhardtomove 2n4q-. tites, btt prospects improve; and, antheodlm on lad are limited, maturfacturers anticipate a better condition eG markets whev the esorn fu lly.setsin. Ordera for the Ame rican market are pretty lrg e, and the payments hence have beep well kept up ts year. Sales for home sac sumption continue quiet. The demand for hIgt l3awnsi slightly improved, as Ia also tt for finer qualties of conot. Twills, which bd. a steady run ftroughout ptring anld eary part of summer, have beez dull fora month. Tape checks, bleached and for the pr*iedse rather.frel,. Power-loom guodsme.t a steadyuslein thg foreign aket6.
AGBICUJLTUZAr, P1osPECTs. T,V IRPOOT, AuormHr 2i To-day we hsd a faIr attendanoe of buyers, who bought cauttously,~ ftnsdestng that the finie weather wouldl lead Vto lower rrics, asad w, coedweithont oseterlal slter'atlon in the valueo of any, article of tha tmde. Oatmeal wai noted ,at 32a. 6d. per 2101b. Continued Ofin weather maikes the corn trade daul In dareand, and pricee are bareY supported. NOTTWLNHM. Atrtesr 2-_. Jiter a nroet stormy period (hi which more rain tell in thin town 0,nj belghbourhood than in the. a"Mnelength Of tiweS for a number of years WA)st theweathar becamne One on Saturday. and ainoe then it hag bean as %it aic dbed.are &d-afe beeere bAolrjng from the nortu-east and continued wsie-blue. The crops, however, have seuered exceed lagly, mere especially In the' lowlands, and in the Vale of Treat. -which, havring ne. cit seed it. banke. thousands of amer adjoining it we,one eheet of -tete. Thts weer the westher blaa been beautifully dune sod a peat 'eredth of corn has been cut, and in many placee the damage dlome iA .-unaderably Ira than was expecte. All hands are employed, and nith a munttnuanee8,Of fine weather the preat hulk of i corut in this oou,,ty "Il ahOctly be secured. Ps4 and store cs-e'kare kbeplngupin Price At Nottinghsm beagt, v er lsmnallstio,'Y many beinagof lufertor quality. Beef maintaind Jgat WOW" Ztsqt I. Prlmestiqualitlea moaking 8g. Sd. per sione. A. Complete clear" cc was e'l'cted- fiheeP were Plentifuil, and the lineal moutton realized $1 L er lb. Many sheep were driver, away unsold. f'rloee: -BeeLt -. '+I to t .St per stone ; muatton. 74-.to Sdper lb.; ariA lamb, 3d. hu $Ad. Thiere was a talesable show of cattLe at. ttle store-macrker, wliv. Is cold at prices very similar to thl ose ot last week. At Ibis 00rn-eee-.snge lo-day there was a tolerable supply of wheat, irhlrhroddat a ,letIte of a. to 2.. per quarter on the currencies or lag week, flue white making 709., and red 6tsa Grinding barley ma le 39g In oats th re was no chasge, Beans matutained theprr of Issi W$ee Qu"'Oti"s : -White Wh1at, 688. to 7Its. red, M3. tO 868 Per 36 atone; bArle'Y for grinding, 32a, to 39s, per 3D stone : oats. Mcs to 34s. Per .X Aqetone beans, 45s. to 53,. per 38 stone , suiperldue flouLr, 49g. to 51-i: fitneditto, 45e. to 48e. Der 20 etone. A gtood man 5aapmpe of nxew wheat were offered, some of which were oat of =au etjtioe, andihard') e-leat4g. The better qualities, however, realza Mhe above qnnAtai,us. LZtOMTER, AUGUST 23. The weather bee been exceedingly fine sInce gaturdioy, and the hoAr. reet lie PrOOgiessI satisactoorily dturog the week. Ac In the damage dlone to thxe cross by the heavy storms and stoodI repe. tr va:V, onsidr;f. ably. Some attire that the nrAlochef done is exaeggerated, while others give a rn-st deplorable wacount of the condi9tion of the mops. Tne L-tareitsS, however, never looked better at this period ofI the year. Th. whoet of the present wesek having bern extremely dine with a freshL breeze bWowing from the north-eastk farmners have Iaen enabled V-. lear a consIderable breadth of land, and. ia must instances the --n is in better onadition than would ressora'al,y be expec,ted. Pat stork is w.tt'uot aItsratiouin n8ie. At Lelceeter, -with a tale ruble sapply of be-v.A beef of prime quality masde 7d. per lb. Thiere was a fair show- .sheep, and the beet samples of muutton realized *Ld per lb. knofte: -Eeet, i6d to M.; mu'tton, Id. to 71d ; lamb, Sd per lb. At this cen-mvrkt,t with a fair saipply, wheat sol4 at a decline of Is. to 2.. per quarter on the pelgea of last week, fine whites realizing fl8e, and red Ole. per quarter. These was 'ey littlel change in barley. Oats maintained last week's prices Beans were fulIly as door as last week. Psices:-Whlte wheat, 68g. to 6kt red, ff5- to dde.; barley. 4Ds. to 48.; oat-, 3i,24 to 36a. ; beansA 49s. ito fits, per quarter. Float. 431. to 6te. ; secods, Ode, to 48.. ; thirds, 455. to 48ga. per 3D stone. l.There Was a tol-rble show Of new Wheat at market. At Melton Idowbr3y. with. gtood xupply, wheat sold at an advance of ts., fine old white mnaking 8de., and new 68g Blarley wod Other totingooriemade lest week'egpticoe Old wheat., 6ig. to is,; new. e4s.to6sg. ; old b,rey, 36& to 40s. . ew, 42a. to SOL; old oata, 3s. t. 3Ia.;nzsw, 28e.e t-t3g.; Old beans, 48g. to ile. A-. Market Herborongli, with a i'eer4ble supply, the best wheat made 6g., And red 5Os. ; barley, 43, . I, 16a. ; oats, 25Ic. to tOs. ; beans, 42a& to 48g per quarter. At A'.herstone, with a lmited supgely, wheat gold at en a4vance of "dper beg of three bushels. Barley and oats made lsast week's rates W het,% old, 23s. to 2-la. pe bag;, aruley, 39g. ; oatt. so.- to 31g. per enacto,r. At Lutierweeth fine white wheat made Ofig.' and red Ste ;cn quarter ; oats, 381 to 38g.; barley, -t" to 485' bearts, 48.. to 47. DERIBY, AtIousT M2 TXhe weather thre week he. been all thot would be desir4d anid all apace bands are r-w In the harvest ileld actively at Work. The wheat crop ha. in many ti-ett of the oenntg suffeced from the heavy rain, and floo-d ot last week; in no part mnore so, perhaps, thane la tlbs neighbourhood ofDerby. I arny otherdfiltrige, however, the damaee done iscousiderahinleat. ln the neighbourhood of Chesterlield some whieat which was cut was washed away. Wheat has here germinated to some extent: ; ise flee weather has, however, enabled faramer to oat a large breedeb,. and a great portion baa been houned. The yield is well spoken of. sa,d the harvest wIll soon be completed if the flue weather conttinue. Pat slock is f,ui, as fe2r an it was lsast week. Al. erby, with a fair chow of bwats, heef made last week's rates, prime sarts sollIng at 7d. 7d. ; mutton, 7d. to Mi. ; lamb. Of. to 8id, per lb. At Blake ell, with a abort sup.1g, f bee-sts. beef made 7s. tzIs7. Od. per stonje. Fst * 1mleswrerecacec anitsold at7d. to 7jd, per lb. Milobcows wore a dule sale. at XLiul til$1 each. At this er.--es.rss wheat was in moderate supply, and Pricea wer foc the inset part the rame as last week: In son.e casesa is. to 2i. higher, fine wbjist makIng 69g., anid red Ills, per quarter. Barley nusintalnedt La-a teek's price. Oats wete uoeltere.l. Beasa werea etuit asdear as 1eel week. Prices:-White wheat. fiie, to 455.;- red Ole. to 6c. t\eley lO. to lIe. ; oats, t0e, to t3. Per quarter; tlour. 45. ; ncst is, 4is. ; thIrds 42a. per asack ot W stone. NORITEAXTON, AunueT 22. There has been fine hwsiet weather this weak, ated great progress Sees been made both withL catting and carting. The ibju,y (ionso is cone dlsbdtslct-ey clh, late alarms Is serious, but the line weather since the rainb hu.eabled farmers to got on rpkidly with their workt. In Lhe netgbbours,.e of tOoribarapten the damage done by the storms to the crop' in net caasiderable, and the brilliant weather which sa-o .cededs Adled teeo -orn sod enabled farmcers to lead a largo breadth in tolerable condition, tu the district around Retttrtng -he oflorws were etesyheay, but ths craps have escaped with very little iajnuy; harvest ~n hi ditrct a. mszrpltattdllbe weh irosis other pDsts of thecounaty reportsamnmuchimore satisfcoy than could have been anticipated; and the yield of wheat bids lair to be good without the deteriorc,ion iu quaIty which large breaetbhs in some other counties will experience. lAt.ley has sudiared to some extent ; this grain is vzooing deficient Ireyield. Otslae alsoasmall crop. GromasIsanuadint. vat stock boa imaproreda shad&e in prise. At relerborough, with a fair supply oftbhep, muttonwas in briskdemand at ratbtrrhigher zat,ss, namely. M-. to 7td. per lb. Beasts wexe a tolerable shlow, $ad madle lasn wtoa.s primes, Is. 6ld. to OS. per atone. At lianbwry monthiy cartls fair, withi a moderate supply of beasts, beef muade Is. 41. to 4g. 3d. per Slb. * steep were in good supplY sand brisk demand, selling at aiinliar rates. euree'rinyewes Zeton3ed anaverAgeof Aa,to5Ss; c;ams, fljto 7k guineas. AT, She sale of fat tcock of Mr. Thomnas Dover, of Hardwick-bill Farm, near Aylsbury, Iambs [realized Z2,e. Oct. to 36s, ; acetber cheep. hIs to 60%. ; fat ewres, 48g. to 56'. each. Oxen, averaged £PA1 per pale. vrmas fed. Beet ens.imutton, &s, to 5s. 4d. ; nd lambj, fis. 6d. per st"ne. At this coGrn-arket go-ed white wheat made 62s. and red 58.. la spring ornm the,re wes not much dotnz at late rates, O'rlrca:-White weheat, 60s. t. * i. red, SOs. to oft.;, barley, IOn, to 4ls. ; oats, a9j. to 34g. ;.beana. 565. to 6s. ; mAlt,l4g. to 7o. per quarter. At WcUlllgtroodh, wihh a moderat supply, good white wheat made *4Ue. and red 5tao. Very llttls change in theu price Of Othertrarin. larley Mas. to 45g. ; osra, Wsg. to 53U.. beans, lIe, to 1ts, per quarter. At Kettoering, with a fate nsuow, fline new white wheat reahzed 6U. There war, n2ot enuohr afteresonu In saley, which wet quoted at 40s. to i6,.: cots, fit, pr ueser.Atl>sien,ry whiite wheat made 6ts. and red 56a. lHot much doing in barleriy, whichL was quotd at 40s oat,' Its,. to 34s.; beans, 6ideto s.~ At Ruby,with amoderaterchew,wcelosawheat sold at 24-Is. S . :sis eh, at lIe d. per ibag. tOothing doingwtabarley.0Old ,ots. 3Ie, to At, poer qaarter ; old beans, I105. to 19.. m~r bag. At leighton Bu±ce.l wehlto Wheat made) Its, and red Thu. per load; barley, lOs to 4cc. ; oatg, 2!s. to 3i5. At ldsnbury rood white wheat resilcia- 7e t,I, *ad red Is. 4s, pe busheol; Lew samuples -aboafi the sauce. Thto qWtolaros of barley v,ere l84, to air4. STAMIORD, ACGusT 22. Thoe wotherban bean of -he- most bell ant character throughout the wreek. The Leav. raIns lash week have done Ib5ury to the mrops, bus notto each a., eS-dt as vas satilcipeted and thia sOres a largoa breecia of grain has bee lrct mushL of whirlt Is i. very fiar qunditiou. In come plicest ci tosrabing umacbis Is inL bu,y operatlon. With a contwuianco of ness w-,tOer thre has ve3t wilt coon be cotclndei. At this eorn-to-,iel. tisac whLite wheat made 6re.i ard r.U GIg. Barter evasotdochc-.rtes.InOtherdescriPtlbow of krsn theresw4asnot mnuch, alter.eu-ce Psi.e= :-Wbito wousa, tcw, tide, to tIle,; oil., dOg. bc,6&k; old rel, 6:,. toli-, harley, Os5 to &d,,; Oath. tic, to Its.; l,eaus,a . to AIr p2 er qu,,rter. There has beean conuanued fiue weather during the wee'sk, and, taking 4all things lst-, e,uutes, f"ruess hare roads exceeksr; p:ro)rres with the harves.t. Tuol~ use weather contuinue file, wile a s.c.1-cocetr, whici.1will Lst..bis farmers rveseily to complete the n.sei u-sh 01 lbs corn that haS ieee out and led thras week is io ie,uch hetter coni ditlon than coshit have been supposed. alter expesurs to toe wet teaweek, and, this Luuuing buners wero enabled t4 nipply their wants at .market ait a ebo,.ei,e of Is. per quoarter. hlfA o1 inc i-tarot on offer being of the ne~w crop. Upon the whole hsvrvctitr. is proceediug At thi eeri sic,rlt wrheat Was in small supply, sand sold at a deoline -of 3gL upo nesas week', prices--fine wheas seain at eels., and redied dig. per quarter. There Was not much alttertila in b*iley. Outer desctteses of atc'ng corn made lsat rAtes l'rires:-NOew wbits,a ,ndherA563a.i. ne uw rd, Ma. so 6&; old wbiseez. to 6se. ;old eed, 6dIsto 64. pr- uistorte; Plaiding barley, Its, to If per 3Sdstone; old oab, 3lee, to 34 .; now sditto 8.. 2sco II.. per 14 scone: heaSte, SO, to 18 p 3 Mutesx; Posta,38a. to CIAs per 36 eoise;. nix Itreg tlen, Uls. tD Sb PMr ijae5rxsl measIure LINPCOLN. AtieUTIa 2-I Tho weather this week hb. beenL exceedinly duo, and harvet operaifona have Dreagroaesd raptdly. A great dealI of d-- &e hnas been done to the motes ur: the heasy ritns lags week. There has been a good sfoal ~of wheat sprouting, and In marry districsts the crops look dlark and are ot b.,5 colour. Mush ot the comts bee te unLder water, *an «th iWjur fisUe ens hood 1s very el oos Around liltldig the dasig is nont rrtcs, as atone time imagined. Thelantsevua dayes fin Weather Iha OUWble-4 tfrmes Po dtear a large breadth of te4d, and anoSh., f0rtolut4e- fiuo weather will complete the harreet a this brhouiL, e whee hat vceodhT! dea grown,s anXd other Whosi isbeetniwwre. etJAarehere alhgbterop, asasoasalebesa Taog Vs. c ha te.-a much. tAIngoslr In th3 melshbonrbood 01 BDatta Sa crops, althougb :,JErr=d, proTv not to be to Much so as Was aatic( Vrted; thOhern i, howsv-r, a rood deal of 8proetinr. Potaos appeaX rtplcDeVjatc At Af-i wheat b busffered by sproutiog. Aroirad, Ionsetl the damas dudon bi hbyrrmaeisnI conidera,ble; thb harves; here iS Peogsretit' very attlaftAsIC . In thle nbigaoarhood 0o 4ba' Al othebarvett i jnow getting on 'sry rapidly; the iDjury here is 3ot ge groat Asi' memo o-her diatrltt Acoaad Market sasen gareet .samage bas beenuestard by sprottieg. In the nelabbowhood of T.ooU*, thO storm having been very violeut, the mrops have suffered ia 1 proyorMae. Upa the wvhole this county ha suffere ve y seriously frtm the terner The rel amount o0 damage, hOwerer, is not yel mknown, Thu water continues to be exceedisgll floe, tad farmers ssegetsWg oarpFidy with the harvest The patures are much Im.Proved. %d eppear noW very luxurant. The fSueners of the weither during the eek itsl d au i'tueze atpo tho corn-market. wheat esttleg aMt to Os dedile, and m c eonuldenco la erpered to thI ulat. Mate PSd of the mope Jat *ail store ss ;tare nelling at ftloJ 4t week's rates. At Boston, wWia tolnrble eupply of sheep, esatton Of good quality ma de. per lb. A Uoin, with a s aitsply of beasa, beet of pde qnUh JSlhed ad, ptr tone. Sbe*p "we a =*cdrate sbhW, and the he teat oras zeS 7d 7d.per lb. 7ls ;-Ba, 7v L togs per stone.r peutse, 6d to Id. lar ib. At Delan fair At bett were in gsoo w.ryy, onuma-d- g good price naresaenree*, from 71 Sd. S08, &per irons; hemS ot the tit iua Sreled 8 3d Stores We tr good crpply, ews, and their oaln-e sDel at t o £0 O awctupt. lyows oe'S wuea bot iun Slmited W y, eainng tlulinko pricO , st ebSep we IC Qgod deasdat 7dl, to 7id. per lb. Lrnbs were numerou, end realized 20g. to 30s. per head, accedtog to qunality, At Newarkr with an average supply Ofj asts, beef made VL Cd.to Se.per stone. Sieep waereafairshow4and mtonzoldat6id..to7d, perib, At tbiscorn-mnarket there rea a tolerable showof wheat3~andasmall' attendance of femmews,wo are btsywiththe bareet. Wheat sold at a redctiton of Is to Cs. per quarter on the rates of last week, flne white mekinz 68s., and red 6ia. pe quastes. In other deseriptioas of train thete was nott tooth doing at late Prices. Quotations ;-.Whlts wheat, 6Ce, to 6 'a.; red, Oe, to 6ia. 1010NOAMIiTI A.UGoer 22. The wheat trade has recIeived some %titmulus freom the late cheek to bwartt operation% and the damiage dote to the crops, bnt generally speaking buyers have boughQt very sparingly, an they ptefer to wait unttl the exoitemeut cersequent on the late disasters hs hil bre subsided. An advance of Is. to 2s. per quarter hta been obtabied at seyerat markets but the Week slosee Witha teee fimneS lo the brAde. At the meriftig's aarket there was a ecanty Bhow of wheat, andl aa extremelyr thin atreudonee of butera Holders demanded high rates, btut they were unable to marae any prostess vrith sales until thej, conceded a trilling abatemneut on lust weekes ataes. and a preat proportion of the sampled were left uwsld. A new sample of harloy, or twq were e ffered for sale at a tood Prime hot were not sold. In oats and beans ing are the qua1.stloes:-Ifew wheat, 22e, to 2Lie per load of three Imperial busbels ; lone, lIe, to 28s.; old wheat. 21e. to 26a,;- fine, 27e, to 29s.; blend-corn. le. to 23s. ;ry ICe. toll16s,; beans,l~7e,to tIe.; peas,15e. to 16e..6d. ; barley, Mst. to 40g. pe quarter; I eW Oats, The cattle trade bee been rAther dtull dorIng thte week, and in somes natonoes lower Priced herye been aoted. Herm to"ay there wag a small showr of atockc of very inferler quAlity, and It was quite unalo. able except at redosed prices. GLOOESTEB AuOusT iii Very monIdemable pr.,g-ees has been made in harvesting operations this week, whilh havre been entirely uninterrPted by bad weather. Sincs yesterday week we have had no rein, hut floe, hat, euny weather, admirably suit,ed forgsettng inathe grsab. ConsequentlygShe greatebt aotivity h"las en displayed In the hasrest field, and most of the aututra. whe; li novw bi rink-, while a good doal of the sprin,g neroM I-s also on'.. The harvest is niow senswing ia al together, and another week of fite weather will see the ifelds pretty well cleared. The ra'nrl appear to) havye inJured thoemgrin inca very mioderute deagre ouiy, and, the wheat was viry little beaten down by the heavy raint anti hA1 whioh fell at the tad of last week. oar market to-day wan not well attended, farmers being very buriely occupied at hoote. Nevertheless, tome capital samples of wheat and barery were show.. and Prima orere a shade lower than on lust marketday. AtOhLeltenabtaon Thursday,preoeawere Is, er qoarter lower. At Hereford, en Wedntesday. these was bet a smcall supply of wheat no ofrer. . portion of wthich wee~ now, hut some realitodan advance Of Is, per quarter. Fine baliley scarce, and fully el dea6r. Beans, Vpes, sud. oats ala. fires, WOHOEtTER klUGVS 22. Theo weather bee agin taken up line, and we bave haq an entire week ot dry and, hot sunshine. The, miacblol done to the cerea crop, by the laet rains baa beent compensated for by the benefiti alffects preuri.non he ren ras.Our market to-day was less firm,an4 thelate advance wasottrealized. On the contrary, there wassa dodine In the vAlue of wheat of Id. to Idi per bushel, Engllba while wheat. 7s. 6d. so SL., and red 7s. to 7s. 2d. per buahel; melting barley, 5l.Sd.tofi SsCd, sud ditsitllng is. per bushel; new eans, Se, 6Cd, antold Ce, to Be 6.C, per bushel; old Rottish osts, Cs. 2d. to da. 4d.l, sand new 3a. Gd.to 4s. perl91b. ; whlte pea,6r. tofe,gd., and gray is 4dx. to iS. Cd. Per bushel. Last Worceter averages-wheat M 17a. Cd, ; coo barley.4 LI1 it e qauater. At Klddermluster, on Thursday, the market was qulot and attendanue of farmers short. Wheat nxotria It unalterea in value. New malting barley offered ails5. 9,. to 6a. Per Imperia btxhel, but no buyers At Eyeelsam tra-de was delL. farmer being busy at harvest~ Old and new wheat on offer at hanot thxe late rates OHELHSTOlii, Aluousr 21. The fine weather of the present week has Olsted the fears that began to be en tertained as to the eafety of the wheat ceop; the, carry. log has been vigorously proceeded with, and there is now vebry little Ot that grmin abroa4 in thin district. The steam thrahing-machine has been In activity, and the new whxeats are coming rtbter pslentif oIl to the differenit mrarketa. This has rhecked the rise which took plate last week, and weaa continued In the markets hxeld at the eilly part of the present week in thtre counties, in thin mnantel to-day the supply of wheat was large, exceeding the demand, and very fine qualities found a reedy sale, the qaotations lor them being lowrered It., and for secondary qualities 25. pet quarter. Nose white was Cit. to iCe.; t ed, 5Ccc to C6g.; old of both descriptions was 2s. below these quotAtions. Yesterday at Sadbary the wheat trade was very doll. as the mailler refused to give the iprices of laut week, and tbO farmers woold. not readily osbmit 10 the lowering of the quotations, In Bomne parts of Sutfolk the fear wFhirls the late rains excited todced ssin`of the) farmers to,cart rather tOo hastily, and a good dealtof both wheat and harley wil in oonsequoece sfuffer in colour. yesterday, at Woefibridge, good dry new wheat sold at In. to 2t. more, hut oldI sarcely oustainied lIst week's quotatIons. At Rungs5y the wheat trade wasbeavy ca reduction of2s. to3s, At Stoweserket thequototatioes wer not towered, hot the trade wras slow at last week's prinso, ThLere were somej inmplcs of new barley on oiler, which were taken at 44s. lper quarter. MBIG Aos22 The weawthier cleared up a wee-k ago, and during the whole of the week it has beea beautifully flue. A large breadth of corn has been coo, and a good neal ratted. The atorms have done damage to the grain, and thle mrops Which 'Wer exposed to the rain are deterio- 1 rAted in value. The harvest bar, however, masde great progres thin week, and the cwrn in in mucth better condition than was expece_d; the yield is satisfactory, and a short period maore of the pres'ent line weather wti witness thte bulk of the harvest cleared. Barley is by no means so good a crop as wheat, end oats are also deficient. The cattle trade is rather more buoyant. At lIy, with a alII supply of cheep, the tr-de ruled brine, motion rolling at 4.s. 4d. to -IB. r0d. per SIb. The pricesfor coWetock were tationary. At this corn-market, fine white wheat made Cit., end red Pie BiarleY of good trelity was quoted at 44a. la other descriptions of grain there was very 1.tle altertion. Prices -Whlre wheat, COe to teeL, ted, i58, to tia. . barley, 43s to 48ts.; beans, 4ts, to 48, ; oat, lie, to 105. Dee quarter. At St. Ire's, with a moderate supply of both old amd new wheat, prices were is. brgoer thus last week; at these rater, however, nut moth business wad done. Spring oorolmaintalned the lull quotations of laat wftk. At Royst-on, wheat was lin fisir demand at rather more money than lest week; finle.new samPles teaching its, aad old d0e. Peelload. ln other grain no alteration; harley, 4le, to its.; and oaits, Vsi to Its per quarter. At Sit Neet's bwheat was is. per load. dearer than lest week, fine old making I8s, and new dIe per load; barley, lIe, to Cl.6; oats, iCe, to 2ts.; Peas, 445. to 47.. per quarter~ At lily, with it moderate show, fine white wheat made Cis., and. rel It. per quarter. la other descriptions o1 grain no alteratioa, NORtWICH, AuousT 22, Attesmpts have been mabde at the various lecal markets to Obtain enhanced prison for wheat, buxt there has not beeumuch variation from late rates, so,uuan upward tendency has prevailed, Jerm to.day there was little change in the quxotations. The supply ot whleat Wa fair, and somie of lbs sampler Of ne'W were of superior quality, sod wrighed tUb pe huehel. There were also. however, some inferior lots, the werehbrof irbich did not exceed itlb. These samcples did not command more than Use, to Sle, pey quarxe, but the heat while made 6C-i. to Cit.. and the best s-ed 5uls, to foe, Per quarter. The barley, sew= hagnotyettcomwmened.andathedeliveries areonly tiflng. y'suur wes quoted tote afternoon IIn the Conrn-Exchange at 4he. per sack from the miller. At the last weekly sale at tho new miblls In this city the supply ass taken oil at 41s. to dIe t3d. per sack. On the c%ule-nill to-day there was a tolerabisthoaw of store cattle coo several tote wrere of anperior qlualty and. to excellent condition The attedanice Of buyer was good, and a falte amonut of bueilnsswas transacted, a, tolerable clearance being effected before the miarket cloteed. There was a tud, att sow of tat beasts, and trade w-As brisk, at rrorn 7s. 6d. in ia. Id, per sation of 1th., with a eleantoosc. In eonse. queLrce of the great annual lamb show on the, grounds of lIsafdford. ball Ipswich, there was a small show of sheep, and alI kind, maet a brletce,leatlulIYinteratee Fat6heePis.toie.Cd_, andp raerlmoper stonle Of i41b. ; good htire pigs, ISt. to tse., and. fresh in condition lOti. p eraedf; fat pets,8. t ,es. 6d. perstoneeof tulb. A telegtcpbic messBage received to-daty frontLownstoft stutes that. the O,.rth of Europe C-omp.ny'a steamers haBve brought this week COO oxEnt and 100 sheep. The stock left for London this afternooon and ever-lag. BOOHEBTR, AmunuT 22. Thegre has been a gradual Improvement in the condition of the hop plasot which in many of the Oietricts now presents a. vet? piomistg p peerance. At Crau brook they are spoken of as having undergonie a aee~ded Improvement, sad the picking wil be early ; at the MoidStoer dig-lita a g,od croP In anticipated ; a, Otbani they haveimtropsve beyond expectation. In a few grounds thereina a little mould, and Jlsa, ,s very Prevalent, Pocking ainmany piecewillcommence at the loiter earl.ol next week. The recentpropitious weatherbhasswelled the duty to X14d.tiO. At thig cot-u-market the supplies of wheat were rather short, and factors relltog on ttoe usfAvourabse reports, from the agricultural di$. tinn., domanisul CXt1hravsrt prires which not being cicoeded Oa th, par. of pu,cnmssre hardness was materially checked. The tane of the marklet war, however, decidsdlymiore buoyant, And later in the day a rtbthr brisk creade was eft,ctod. at an improvement of Is. to 3U over 1AA wecek'sprices. Tihe protrecleof line seitled weather indacedmilers to Lo cautious in theor operations, bat the few rewly good samples of cl4an clzy vbst6 were takoo olf freely ; inferior doerriptioas were very Irregular, buetes for those bliads coming forwwrd more reluctantly. B1arley was Inquired after, cnd Oaks were In moderate request at fau sale. The following are the pries current :-White whect now, a&e to Cl.;extea C$1. ; PO wheat, Its, totes,; 9 fin2 ie; bseley,ifie to li. oats, 4 yte t Is;hbesan, 4ts. to 50s. Nearly all the coantr, mnarkeas have Improed In tone owing to the theog given by, the r55505 severe wastIsm. At 51sidstoce titer was a lass supply, and. bVA little bujamseawae done; new samp'les were i, dams. whir, wheat realizing Cie to 6ea., "An -od 5ics to 5iSe At (kanbrook there wor soea very Ainn sampleg af new on offer, wWhis wets sold at an advance of IL pw quarte. At, Sevenoaka the sey~ply ot all ugran w as sall, but pries were buoyat, new white being sol at 185, cod red at BSL. per quaste. At Tumbetdge Wells Prices were Irresula, bst new samles wasr deidedly from Sio t3s. dears.. RE&ADIldI3, A,TrGsr 2L Although it ts an undoubted fact that the wheat erup its now mis bouoed, the barMv a" so ecemanded th atloutio, ot the farmer5 tht theahina Of new whest haa ake Plac only to a small exitcD Tbte supply, therefore, ti-day in ou exchange el below the aveag ot a n,arketat this time of yeas. Some samUles of fiae old wrro exr , bited, but the new, Irsov the recent wet weather, wasin a tough stats a.d slIhty sorotered. That wheat witUbe unusually plentiful s now mroe a matter tf certanty, therefore it is that the corn Uxade at all the prindpal markets has ben les buoyant than previouly. Owr factor wr0e anxiuou- 1oaxinlan tbe lte lirmnee in trade, but ihe mulwmn irsted this deniuldand the market ruled heaiy. It Wma only the real prime snd dry parcots, botlh of old and Sew, that old t about tate termt, but all tbh Other Soria receded in vne aquite as mniuh as Is. per quirter, and even at that redtion salea were made but tdowly. Choice lots of old realized as tuh as S1i, and Wme rne was diepoeed of at 7ts The quotatioas were6 genrall a follows:-Old wilest-best white, 6b to i; secondary, C8d to ere., and Interior 6s, toil Niewwheciebe oualtles,j4Wto e7a eecoteory, d e, tBos . a tO ; andt iferior, t, to teel. Old red wheSt, 62s, o s. ; sco y,W to te2; and lnferlot, SO to f8s. Bemtnew ed wheat, Ct,k to t2s. ;middlic, e. to50it. Tbh supply of abrley wAs simoet entirely of she new orop, and the condition was highly spokea tf. Bestacelt sold ai about 46d. to Ie., and the riddling eoct3 at IsL to 4Its M.1i li now telling at 80I. Per quarter. Pine qualitie of -As were infeir requst, and trade wse firm. 11olandf sold at 23s, to jWs. ; TartSy at Us. to 28s. There was lees inqulry than of late for heias, tl good samples fetched fros te. to Sft.., and inferior frost 52 sto46a. Neorpecimetafair demand at42iito Qc Grest quietneas has prevailod In the prawrt for lOes, and Pricee asw st11 quoted-houxehol,4 i, ; aeconde, 4. per sek. lhe scountry arkets have beas rater uncettled from the severs tbunder and hail aoessu of last woeek te impfewloe bein; that lbs new whete woauld be seriously danmaged.p-ud the old, there. dore, wene In requs.t. At Abingdon the supply s unsually atrall, and trdo was rood at ana gdYAoq4 on tho previroem weg prices. On Tueeday, at Altoo, &a adewce of U to Sa. beido asked. somewhat checked b*tnetrade -brslneg eastive. abit roeo nled ilfu br. At B getoke, 'o Wednan,^ twhlourod' *,reAdy ile at an c see of 1 , t prices ruled fro 2. to 67s,, a. for barleyfrom 38 to 48. On the ame da at Hngertord, b Ah old and new wheat were in good supplr, bud tr4de ruled Irnat at former currenles. The tr&dalo wheat at Waitng, on that day, wa Is, dewrr :old realized from Ws. to 70a., and new, the pareela of wblch vere Tery fie, from 70s. to 723. On TherAday, a' Newbry, a considerable quantity of new wheat was oD offer, bht the thrshing had evidently beea huared, aud the coaditLen wvA not ao goon as was expcmted. The trade both fur old and new 'rut slaw, aud the late prices were stpported without dfitioulty, the new samples of wheac fetobed from 60d. to 67e. On the "me day, at Uenleoron,Tiamea. %he tradeIn wheat ruled firm, butpeae were ins to 2s. deuer. AtW lnzford. on riday, tbere was an exceedingly good show ct new wheat; for old these was an active demand, but prices wete din. DUBLIN, AucuTy 21. There wu a Em&11 supply of old grain at mrket to.day, and it :et a very dull sale without anu alteratlon in the pricer ot Tuesday. There was an increased unmeber of sampler of new wheat, oats, bere and rapeaeed, and two samples of new barley, whioh mre, a e dy sale at the ourrenoles below,-the general quality and condotdon good, In Indlan corn R.n:ost iGcthiv doing.
IBEL A ND. (rRoM OV3L owN 0 PNlNr' DUBLIN, SLTurnAy MophMG. THz RVEST. Since 1826 there haa not been so favourable a sEession as the present, and a week or so more of the brilliant weather we have had during August is all that is now wanted to realize the prospect of an early and abundant harveat. There are no longer any complaints of failure in the potato crop, the symptoms of blight which had sbown themselv&3 in sonme localities in the course of last naonth having quite disappeared. The following report is extracted r . the uork papers of yesterday:- ' This week has 6been for arva lurposes il that oould be desired. A little raia, inded,e f in the early portion, but for the most part we have had days hotter than we experienced since the summer began. The golden tinge which only showed upon some of the corn fields a short time ago bas been now exobanged for the brown stubble. Not only have the grain fields ripened in an abandacee and healthtness greater than has for a long timo been remembered, but they are coming to maturity with a rapidity that took far. mers almost by surprise. The consequence is that the h,rvest has been gathered in with extraordiuary rapidity, and a tremendous amount of new corn has been added to our granaries within the past week. We are happy to be able ro say that Kerry has almosEt entirely eacaspe the blight which attaoked the crop in the county of Cork, the only place there affected being a limited locality in the neighbourhoodof Dingle. The green crops which were a short time ago in a very bad state have recovered a good deal under the influence of the recent rains." Mr. James Clappertoin, an eminent practical agriculturist, in his lat weekly report in the Leinster Apress says:- * A greater, a more sudden, or a more general revolution in harvest operations was, perhaps, never before witnessed in any kingdom than is being laudably manifested in Queen's and Kildare counties at the present time, or a more 'wholesome tonle, a more energetic or a more enterprising spirit could scarcely perrade the face of the agicultuarl oommuity than is being pr~actically exemplified from gentlemen of exalted rank down tio the smallest farmer. Genitlemen, stewards, farmers, and, in not a few oases, labourers, are to be seen scouring the country from one gentleman's demesae to another, and from one farmner to another, to ascertain 'wheref the harvest operations are being carried into eff,ct nith the greAtest efficiency, upon the cheapest scale, with the greatest despatc, and with the lset unnecessary expenditure of physica power." (By BanTism A?rD IRisH MAcNEGic TELEGRAPj.) DUBLIN, SU7NDAY VZtINw. nE-AR,EST OF 5POSLLN. James Spollen was re-arrested last night at his lodgings in Exchange-street, and conveyed by the police to the station ia Green-street. He is to be brought up to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock on a charge of robbing the late Mr. Little. Spollen confessed to be greatly astonished at his recapture.
SHE AU7S2BAZ4SIAX4 SCBEW STEAMSHIP. GLASGOW, FRiDAy This magnificent iron steamer, built by Messrs. J. and G. Thomson, Clyde Bank, for the Earopean and Australian Company, left the Broomielaw to-day for Southampton, vhence sbe will soon make her maiden passenger trip. She 'was launched on the 10th of June lut. The Australasian is of 2,800 tons builders' measurement, is 360 feet over all, 42 feet beam, and will be propelled by mreas of a three-bladed screw by two direct acting engines of 700-horse power. She has six tubular boilers, which are covered with felt and then. with lead, by 'which heat is retained and fuel economized. These are fired by 30 furnaces. There are two 90-inch cylinders, with a 3.4 feet stroke. These are also corersewish Nit, rsxwid 'witheiakood, which imparts to the ponderous machinery an appearance quite ornamental. The poop, instead of being fitted up as a dining saloon, as Is generally the case with the Atlantio steamships, is here appropriated to 60 sleeping cabins, which will be exceed. Ingly airy. These, of course, will be favourite berths In a tropical voyage. The saloon is consequently placed below upon the main deck. It need only be said of it that it is a spacious and most hbndsome hall, with a space of eight feet between floor and ceiling, and capable of accom. modating 180 first-class passengers comfortably at dinner. On each side and forwvard extead a long line of comfortable cabins, there being in all sleeping accommodation for 200 first-class passengers and for 60 second-class, along, also, with a very pretty salooa xor the latter class in the forward part of the ship. At night the cabins are fully lighted, but, as in other first-cla6s modern steamers, the light itself is beyond the reach of the passenger, who thus cannot either thoughtlessly or sinfully harm hiuself or endanger the ship by means of fire. There are sever bathrooms, both for plunge and shower, 21 water-closets, &c. In fact, there are the elements of comfort visible in every direction, for even the looking-glass on the wall turns on a ball and socket, by which it can be easily brought in juxtaposition with the passenger's face, 'whatever may be the lay or heel of the ship. Below the saloon and aftar-cabins are storerooms, powvder mnagazine, two mailrooms, and a bullion room. The maUlrooms are lined vwith zinc throaghout, and have capacity for cirrying letters, papers, despatches, and parcels to the total w.eight of 60 tons. 'The bullion room is also coated with zinc, containing an iron strong box of the most solid and ponderous constraction, secured with Chubb's looks, and capthle of earrying treasure to the weight of 10 tons. The spirit room is also Bued with zinc, and this like every other separate apartment, is watertight. Intheafttr-hold xre tanks calculted to store 50 tons of fresh water; but, indeed, the ship might safely sail without aSR 'water at all, for she has a most beautifal and efficient disti - ling apparatus, which will convert the salt element into fresh at the rate of 2,.500 gallons per day. A n imuierse quantity of hot water is necessarily ued daily in a ship of this kind for cleaning, washing, and bathing purposes; bet, irrespective of these, a pipe leads from the fresh water distillery in the afterhold wvater tanks, and by this means an overflowing store of this essential element is always kept on hand. This distiling apparatus is worked by a powerful engine, separate fronm and independent of the great engines which propel the shp, and may be, and will be, applied to other important purposes. We may allude to a very important, and, as applied to a vessel of thiskinld, a novel adjunct, in the shape ot a ballast tank, capable of holding 450 tons of wataer. This tank may,if necessary, be filUed witc oalsinithefirstinstance, and as these are consumed their place is supplied with such a weight of water as -ay preservethe ship in the best sailing trim. The filling and emptying of this tank is done by a powerful steam-eagine, which wll fill it in an hour, and again pump it dry in an hour and a-balf. But this engine may subserve another important purpose, for in the event of a leak it can be made at once available, when it will do the work of a dozen ordinary pump. Irrespective of the beef, pork, tongues, preserves, confections, bread, and the other viands which go under the name of ship stores, the Auatralaslan has, of course, a bakery and a butchery, and when filled with pasaengeT she will carry, for their coGnfort and smstentatioz, two cows (for ilk) 120 sheep, three dozen pigs, and 100 dosen of poultry. The pen for thse sheep, Ac., are to plaed that when the auinas disappear under the hands of the butcher ;and cook the pens can be removed plecomeal, and packed up into almost no space, thus adding to the deck rzora. Wermay.also notice a finely constructed lce.boue irk the lower hold in the fore part of the ship, which wUl hold ten tons of congealed water-a quantity rckoned msffiient to cool the throats of the thirsty Australians durlng any ordinary voyage. We need sercely say that everything that the inpenuity of man can do has been done fQr the attainment ef safety inL navigation. The Australsian is divided by strong iron bulkheads into six or seven vvatertight compartments. She has a powerful steam. whistle over she boiler, which can be woTked by means of a lanyard from the bows under such circumstances as may cal for it-such as in a fog, apprehended collision, or approaching the land. The captain han a telegraph upon the bridge, by which he can instantaneously regulate the operati-nis of the engineer. She carries seven large boats-four of them lifeboats and three cutters ; and four of the number are fitted up with Clifford's patent lotering apparTus, the efficacy ot which will bea tetd during the first outward trip, All is fire-proof, and no portion of the woodwork comaes nerer the boilers than four fe., while around the boilers water hose are suspended, which may in a moment be applied to the cooling of any part of the maohinery which gets overheated. it is intended that the Australasian aball sail froma Southampton on the l2th of September for Alexandria in the first insbance, as a short trial trip, and upon her return she will be put upon the long and important station betweenF Suez and Australia. She will be commanded by Captain Geoffrey Scoales, formerly of she Golden Fleece. She willhave six offilers, seven engineers, and a crew of 140, inelading stewards and firenen. We may mention, as an inatance of the amplitude of the supplies, that the head engiaeer carries with hims 900 gallons of oil and two tons of tallow;. and, as for the doctor, he-his an apothecary's shop better tupplied thau the he,t in many a Royal burgh Of the exct sum invested io this magnifioeAnt floating hotel or beardinghous we have ino detinite information, but 'we suspect that ere she leaves Seathamnptor on her first trip little short of 110,00. will have been expended upon her. It may bE mtioned, as an instance of the energy of the Clyde saglnsery, that the Mews Thomson only laid down the keel d the Australatiai lt;ta. U l November last
T.HB INDIAN MUA'TIMS. We continue our extiacts from the Indian letter3 With which we have been favoured (Extract from a letter datd Nainee Tal, Juae 12.) Moradabad is gone. We have not heard yet whether the hOuses are burnt, but we believe so. The treasury there is ransacked, and ls,o the treasres of Bareilly, Badaon, and Shahjebhapore, Every mail hu been opened, and the country is ie. a dreadful state, the naties killing and plunderlng each other. The mutiny at Bareilly, I think, was the worst of alL The Sepoys of the 68,th and 18th Native Infantry have behaved more like fiends than anything else. Sunday, the 31st of May, was the day fixed by them for the mur6er of all the Europeans, and espeoially of their officers. Two companies of Colonel Troup's own regiment (the 68th) surrounded hia house to shoot him. He was warned by his bearer, and fled through a back door, jiuLped on his horse, sad galloped off. Al the gentleraen in Bareily had slept every night before this outbreak in their clothes, with pistols at their side and horses saddled, ready to fly at a moment'a warning, as they knew of the disaffection of the troops. Owing to the fore. thought and wisdom of Colonel Tronp, all the ladles had teen sent up here as seon as the firsb panic was felt, and by this, humanly speaklng, they were all saved, for they would have bee terribly in the way -when it came to the push at the lat. Mr. Baswell and Mr. Hunter, of the ltb, are safe here. * . . . The most horrible thing is that several gen tlemen and a merchant with his wife, mother, and children were dragged before a man at Bareilly, a wretch who called himself the Raja, but who I believe was a Bannia. They were hiding in a native's house in the city ; the house Was Learched, they were taken before t*e man, and their heads out off. Poor Mrs. -is here. Itis dreadul to think of her distress ; she is without a penny in the world. Her house Is burnt, whicha contained all her property. There are many otber widows here. Mr. Poynder haa ecaped; his little hill pony carried him the whole way bravely. The Beharee bungalow is burnt. Some of the gentlemen came away withont hats. Fancy this in the micddle of the day, at this time of year; but none suffered from it. Mr. Alexander (Commissioner of Bareilly), who is now safe here, was in bed very ill when the signal gun for mur. dering went off; his servant rushed in aud told him to fly. He was so ill that ho declared he could not ride but some one pushed him on, and then came a shower 4 bullets and grapeshot round his head, and his horse ran away with himn, luckily the right road. Some of the offioers had hair-breadth escapes. The Sepoys were atally posted on the parade-groand, at regular distances, coolly taking aim. The Artillery, with their native officers, were firing with the guns against their offier The whole thing was most awful. The townspeople thea got up, and there 'waa a terrible fight between Munualmans and Hindoos and Sepoys for the treasure. Thousands of Hindoos have beer ildled. At Moradabad the Mossulmans are very violent. 0f coure all your property there is gone. . . . . . . I think ve are here as safe as we can be. Captain Ramsay is most vigilant, and wise in his proceedings. The roads are guarded by Ghoorkas (66th Ghoorka Regiment). A company of Ghoorkas are also in this station, and guns; and all the gentlemen havy been formed into a militia, called the Kumaon Militia, subject to Captain Ramsay in every way. This militia is dividedinto companies; there are about 100 geUtlemen with firearms, and they take it by turns to patrol. Enough grain for three months is being brought in, because we are afraid our pro-sionsnmay ran short, as there are so many people, and until the country is quieter no one can go to the plains. The Bhabur (the country at the foot of thehiLls)is overrtu with dacoits and badchsractes. Itis horrible that we cannot hear whatisgoingon below. Strange reports come, and we don't know what to believe. We are living In hope of getting an English regiment into Eohilcund and fighting the BareiDy Sepoys And Massulmsns, No praise can be too high for Mr. Wilson's conduct at Moran dabad. He has been as bold as a lion in this emergency. The last acounts of him were, that he had gone to &feerut with the Saunders, Campbells, and Cannons. I hope they have got there safe. They went well armed. The rest of the Moradabad people are here. The Sepoys gave them two hours' warning. George Batten is 'Almora, Bagctt Colvin being here by Captain Ramsay's orders. The Prices are quite well. The foUowing is from an officer in the besieging, force "BEFORB DELHI, from the lith to 19th and 24th June. "Since my last we have had various scrimmages with the mutineers. In fact, from the 9th to the 13th we were out every day once or twice, the enemy coming out about 3,000 strong, each time with infantry, cavalry, and two or three light field-gun. They joinod themselves into two parties, and came up on both tides of Hinioo Baos house. _ Our -ve,nenut were to send inlfantry, composed of the Guides, Simoor Battalion, and a few of the soth Rifles, dowm the hill towards the city, over the rocky ground, and our cavalry and artilery down the two roads on the right and left of the broken ground. We always drove the enemy back. I don't believe many of them were kldled till the 13th. On that day an immense number met with the fate they so richly deserve. We were on the right of Ilndoo Rao's that day, sad, after skirmishing down the rocky ground, got into the Bebramundi and a serai and vilI lage on the right. In the seral (caravansera) we came across about 100 of the mutineers who had got themselves into a nice scrape, for having got into the halls of the Serai they found they could not scale the wals and runa for it, so were shot down and bayoneted, every one of them. The Rifles got into the village and garden and did their work too. We| learnt from our city spies next day that of 4,000 who came out 5CO were left dead and 500 were carried back so badly wounded that they died by twenties and thirties, having no doctors. This day's work so disgustd themi that I don't think they could have bothered us again, but that evening they- were joined by our 60th Native Infantry, a native troop of Horse ArtiUlery, and one more native corps, the two native corpS atrived unarmed and encamaped outside the city walls. The gentlemen from inside therefore promised to feed and arm them on condition that they would come out and fight us next dsy; this they accordingly did, and _ot such a lesson that they retired in disgust, and have sinceeft us alone. On the 16th and 17th they determined to oSther us with their big guns, and so commenced building a battery on the right of the city, about three-quarters of a mile beyond the walls (when I say the right and left of the city I mean our right and left looking from Haindoo Rio's house.) As this battery would have sent shot and she}l fling into every .part of our camp and would have made this house perfectly untenable for us, we quietly waited until the afternoon of the 17th, when, the battery being iust finshed and one gun already brought down to it, we eallied oat, knoolced the whole thing about their ears, bayoneted and shot down a number of those who positively tried to hold their ground, captured their gun and burnt two or three villages in the vicinity, The loss on onr side was miraculously small, forbad they fired their gun, ana had the large foroe they had with them concealed in the viUlages fired vell on us, we should have suffered fearfully; this hold saUy of oura has so astonished them that they have not come out of their walls since. At present they confine themselves to their gun.a They have a large battery on the left of the Cas-h. mere-gate, one at the gate itself, one at the Moree-gate, one at the Ajaiere-gate, and one at a place name unknown, i-ut in the city walls, and in a direct line between Hindoo Rao'a house nd the Jumna Muspid. Three of these play on the house, one on the high observatory close to us, and ons on the M3njid to the left of the obervatory. On our aide we have threa batteries-one at the house, one at the obseratory, aud one at the Muid so that whchever bsttery of ours thay fir at they geta asswer in return. This bouse is fearfuly shattered, our Engineer and Artillery offers say they work their guns beautifully, and fully eqsl us In good shots. We who arb en outpoet duty here, aome 20 of us (offoes aad an s, all live in the gateway of this house The day before yceter day (the 17th), while quietly sitting and chating together, a round shot came huming andwhiskingright into the monuth of the gateway, struck the wal when it bd gone about tbree yards, and burst into a thousad p.eces. Por young Wheacvly, of the late54th (one of the fewr who had escaped the massacre), was taken from the middle of ux, a large piece of the ahell striking him in the shoulder and nearly cutting hilu in two. iHe dropped dowm dead, poor young fellow ! Five of us who were sitting within a circle of 10 yards of him were inore or lIbs struck, but none seriously. I got an admoritory thump on he shoulder from a large piece of a stone that wa sent whizzing by my ear; thank God, a etiff shoulder is the only damage done, Two more were cut about the face, The splinters thet left us alone in a most curious way and went about six yards, I expect with a large piece of the round shot, -wbioh mut have struek the wall at the other end of the gate-way and burst again, for it killed two men of the 6th Carabineers who were sitting at the mouth of the ga&t6 way, smashing their massive brass helmets and ithick turban covers, as if they had been made of thin glass, and at the same time five or six Goorkas of the Sirmoor Battalion wero killed dead en the spot, also.a poor sym. It was a most won derful thing we were not all kIlled, but a me--fl Po vidence was watching vr us, We hv-eo now some sn§dbags as a wall in front of the gateway, and are pre* afe from shot aDd shelL " Thewrea*er 3s fealfy hot, t1ough Ireally think much cooler than it generA.?y is at Qi4 Vne of year. The heAt is not so uncamforts't, thosdh, *z the dust, which comes flyin, thurimxh tto plze , s.ldb mousb to ohoke one, In addition to this we have the 1onoors of a hospital in a pat of the house, and every hour of the day poor fellows are being brougtin with shattered arms, 'egs, and the mnot frightful looking wounds, inflicted by round shot aDn shell; and, what with the screau of the poor unfortuntes, the us flies, smell of ram, smoke, and 1,000 ei celerw too numerous to mention, with the banging of the shot, sEell, &-., it is hardly possiblol to do amything. With al this it is a great satifacthon certainly to be here to pay tbese scoundrels back a part of what they have done to us. " Jane 2lth.-Sill before tia walls of this horrible city. We have had no rein'orooruenta yet, beyond a few Sikbs belonging to the 4th Sikh lRegiment; consequenrly we hwve been able to do nothing emoept hold our own. O0 the 19th they came out again, having reeeived reinforceMents, which they immuediately sent out to fight us, A't the same time a very large foroe went out a loNg way and ttied to get round into the rear of our camip. A large foroe of ours con. seqaently went out to meet these gentlemen, and a tremendous fight was the consequenCe. Our arrangements were very bad ix this fight-the cavahry, infantry, and artilleryall mixed up tagether in sd confusion; many of our men, I fear, killed by our side. The mutineers held a capitil position, anI their big guns did terrible execution, loded as they were with grapeshot; unfortunately, too, evenlng closed in on the fight, and, instead of quietly retirig, so as to proteot our camp, we were ordered to fight on, .an the confusion became terrible; at Last, however, the order came to retire ; many of our gums wr left on the grotund ti morning, as also our kdlled and wounded, but were luckily all sately brought back inta camp next day. I fear oar loss was nearly equal to the eneay's that day; several officers were kilied and wounded, among the latter our commandant, Daly, shot through the shoulder. He is doing well, horever. Kennedy, of our cavalr, too, haa sinee been shot through the leg and stomach; he is also doing weil, but he bad a narrow escape. On the morning after the last fight the :utineers again came out to trY the suse pasl a -the evening before, bnt the leson we had had made us wiser, and we marched out in capital order. The enemy, seeing this, immediately began to retire, and tried to draw us on into some brolken ground, This, however, ibey did not succeed in, and, as tbey kept retiring from place to place, our Horse Artilery punished them a good deal. 2Fing they could do no good that day, they wiaelyretired, A¶d we returned to camp. No loss on our side. Since %hen (the 20th), beyond a few skirmishes, nothing was attempted on either side, except our blowing up two bridgeS, which prevents the eue,wy's artillery from coming out, except by a long round of some three miles to the left and right, but yesterdaLy, the 23d, we heard that every man in the city capable of bearing arms was coming oat to make an end of 'is or die in the attempt. Our izformation was orrect; at suMrise yesterday morning the whole city apparently tuxrned out and attacked us on all aides I was with the Gaides on the right, and from sunrlse to past sunset we fought altogether a1 hours, without anything to eat and only water to drink. We managed to hold our own well, nevertheless,tidll' about 1 o'clock, and killed an immense number of the mutineers; hDUt sUt } o'lock an immense reiulorcement came to the assistance of 'the opposite party, and we had enough to do to hold our own. I twice fired away every shot we had, nearly 100 rounds per man, and had sent back for more ammani. tion. The mea I sent came back with the fearful news there was no more; to leave the position was contrary to all order4 so we had to do onr best by preterding J iire andkeeping the post withthe bayonet. A Uthistime we were under a perfect hailstorm of bullets, round shot, and shell, for the enemy had brought some of their light field guns round, azw were pylayig with great effect on our re. duced numbers. I certainly tiougult we snunld all be doine for, when, by tbe greatest good luck, a psrt 1i the regiment of Sikhs that had that very morniru marched into camp came up with a yell to our asiistasnce; they were fresh men, and had lots of ammunition, sa we rushed on and drove the enemay back. At the saine time we were ordered to advance as far as we could; this we did, and drove the enemy bark into the city, after which, as they did not seeminclined to come out again, we retired, it being past sunset. Just at this time my legs, stout as they are, fairly, and for the first time, refused to cArry me; after a little eoaxing and r-t, however, they condescended to carry me on a little further, anld I reached our picke dead beaten. I certainly never was so fearfully and pami£ully tired in my life. A mra named Shebbearo, wvho is doing the second in command's work in noor Battye's place, a great, big, and very powerfaully-built giant, was also so fearfully knocked*p ihat he wa obliged to be carried up; two of r en also were so faigued that they di from exhastion, Luckilv on arrival at picket we soie thing to eat and drink After a few mouthfuls I fell back on my bed fast asleep. Luckily, too, there vas no alarr4 or attaoS inl ske nliht, for I feel perfectly certain that had moy commission depded on it I could not rhve got up. A good nmght's61leep has set rmeup wonderfullly, and I feel quite 1otly. The muntineers have boeen quiet to-day alo; they too late for the maiL." moefrt-y,r1hs4e (zRnOJE ANOTER OrrIon) 'SEALEKOT2E, Ju-x 24. "1 We have jnstreceived a long letter from Colonel Keith Young, before Delhi. He says:- "'We conld now take the cityin afewhours, If welkd1 Our batteries are all erected, but it is thought prudent to wait for relnforcements. Spies have been sent into the city, and returned stating the beieged are beginning to suffer from hunger and the respactable natives are longing for British rule again. There are about 23,000 men (mutiners and deserters) inside the city. They make sortles every day, but are always repulsed with loss. I one they left 450 dad on the field.' "In another letter of the same date the w:riter says ' The loss and destruction are something fearful; thy have broken the locks on the river, torn up all the roads and bridges, burat every house they could at Delhi, destroyed all the monuments in the burislground. At Meerut they lighted fires under the General's tables, to burn the things quicker. It is said he has lost 50,000 rapees' worth of property.'" j eport says Almora has gone, and there is a large body of mnatineers at Sirsa. We have been wonderfaully preserved up to the present time, bat aronot very comfortable, as you may suppose. Our regiment seems more cheerful; but then they never give more than two hours' warning, and the conduct of the bazaar people is fearful when they get the opportuanity. Sickness insde of Delhi is great, cholera raging, so that every day their numbers are being reduced. The Delhi newspaper is coming oat agaio in ass occaional sheet at Lahore under Mr. Wagentreiber. All the Beresfords. with their children, were miurdered, and the wsy the Wagentreibers escaped was wonderful. She drove the carriage with the children inside, and her hsband regularly fought the way with his revolvers. He shot four men dead and wounded many mnore. The King of Delhi has sent off his son to Agra as a -ase, but this I should think wouia uoe -,hve his neck or pension. Yoar old regiment, the 21st, have beeni much abused by their brethren, and called irreligiuss. All the Other regisents at Pesh3war have been disarmed. Oar brigadier has tried very hard to get some Europeasw sent here, but in vain. Individaal safety, Governmetu property, a frontier station have been in vain urged, but of no avaiL The reply is, " Europeans must not be scattered in case of being cut off." It proves to be a blassuituan affair, joinod by high caste Hindoos= The latter have been the ringleaders in all the regiments. Domestic servants have behaved very a-el generally. As regards our force befose Delhi, it nmst be dreadful in tents, but they seem zo keep very healthy. There is a general confidence in Goneral Barnard, though he knows nothing Iabout India. 'he litrle Ghoorkas fought bravely at Delhi When the niutineers caUed on them to join them ther begged thrur to wait, and wben near tenough shot them alZ down. The Gaides also fought well right up to the waUs of the city. Thl,ne following letter is frn@m a member of the Civil Service:- ¢ YUSJB, a 27. "Since the 8th our small force has been enumped on the north-west side of the city, repelling with the gr"test gallantry and success the ahuo dailT sorties of t'he rebels, but not having sufficent ammwintior, to sustain a brisk cannonade, nor sauticient numbees to venture on an ssault. Within the lat four days, how- 1 ever, Her Majesty's 84th, from down country, and sx conpanles of Her Mfajesty's Sth, two troops of Horse Artillery, the 4th Sikbs, and large supplies of shot and shell froe the 'Panjab have joiedl the force, and we are dadly-I my say |hourly-expeting to hear of somne deoided oPeration. 6eanwhile the plague hua been stayed in the Punjab, but jhsextendedfearful!y inlohilcund. The29thatMeradabsd, the 28th at Shabjehanpoor, the 1Ith andJ68th at Bareiy, all mutinied on or aWout one and te same faal S nday, May 3lst. There is, however, great difference ithe degrees of guilt of these regiments. The 29th did not rise till they heard of the defection of their brethren at BIreilly. Ther Laade no attempt to harma their officers, al of whom have escaped *,o Nainee Tal, the cvilians having taken refage at Meerat, It is even said that the 29th 'wi not prooeed to Delhi, but stands fast at MoradAbad, watching events. Bnt the other three regiments have committed themselves beyond all redemDtion. At both Bareilly and ShahjeAsnpoor a gun was fired about 6 p.m., while the Europeans w sere attending eveing service at the church unarmed, for the officers professed perfect confidence in their men, a generous error for which they have paid dearly. The gun was the signal for musder and arson t commence. Whether the Europeans at Bareiy' were less entirelv surprised, or the miutinee r were less bloodthirsty than ut Shahjehanpoor, I cannot tell you, but at the former station the areat majority escaped. The oly two whose death is absolutel3jcerin ar Colonel Sibbald and Ensign Tucker. It it said that Dr. Hay and two other civilans were taken prisoner, tried betfe one of our owrL istiveomgistrates, sentencedto be hanged, and so actuhllyput to death. One of the wwcst featuree of the Bareilly mutinJ was the defection of tfs native artirey. A zubahdur of this arm is said to bhve'dWolred himself gavernor of the proviu0 Bad a this ji, however, is w' nQtiug compared to wA happone at Zb,%bjehanpqor, whw it k add that every Ytopeau rwide4 . expt itw, 5h srde iu ihe ru.A14eXe ports of mascres, howaveg, reach, VAw their hI AhaP eand I wnustly :ope tt , e n ra oC ay havig escaped from sanjehanpoor. The d? So sugar manufactorYis attezrydestroyed. It is rknaW, what the baobicund mistineerp ar dOing, but th hare not marched to Delhi. The 15tl, and 3th, who revited at, ws#esabbadJ nit however muraering their offioers, thoug they ially tried to do %t, h v joinea e Ddhi giso Dreotly fresh conspirstors arrvie e "t out by others to at'ack our forme In every snucb ntk LhA, have bee nally nished. | I is sid tbait the 9th Native Infastry, one of the corsp inide Delhi repente, sad will not fire on the Bdttl; ThiM is not improbable, and, it truLe, I for oweltenldbq Iieif some loCUs penieetr could be founad forthetreaiment. Iw mutiny was marked by Some palliating and Zo0 s3grAting circstanoes, ad the awps hs always b nreamiderid oneof the beat in the army. But for the l ibbelbilArd. conceive au adequate zekibetion. DetsiU- o' The most sickening character are now daily floating Xp1tVeeoi6t. Men nd women hkae se&men aed S5 dia ni4r poDW countrymenin the Delhi nzmasr, and .t* fiai* fliht which followed it. God -grat tht oar soldiers, n onoe in Delhi, my still berstran by some t fhmercy. But recollect what ose nmu have heardand'asni and judge whether they are likely to spare. Infants t6sed up and caught on bayonets before eir mothers' eyes-; ltbh, 0- by fIAiges aD& peris, caught at last li- their iendih enemies, their honour violated, theie? limbs imutilated, and they at Ua released by a s w etS merdcl murderer. The rmw of Abu& w4wr 4 gh-rylics bywikhttbrtouxerionfirmdhve the avenging fore o ite arch to Dhi. 1 not, I * etition likely to bctsibe and 'will it not be jut' I feer there is no loger say obt thst par at l*at -f te native foroe in Oodeo ha seutinled. An.l cmmunjiohio with India below Dlhl is t off, andwe hoar from Calmtb only vid BOn:s`W. Bck, *n`a*ver hws 11ppened in Onde, Sir Henry Lawrence is thee, and this fat prevents na/rom. being seriously uneasy. I the Peaiab the most pefect tranquillity prevails. A remnant of t6,JTx:adux mxugera hs probably reached Delh4 but the greater par must hve perished by the 'way. That station hi now the head-quarts of loe move%ble colamn uaderBsigadier Nicholson. At Hoehiarpur and Knmgra the 33: and 4th Begimones hae been pefectly quiet. So his boee the 59th at Umritsu. At. ILhor the sth Cavalry his been disinounted, and ths 16th, 2W, a 49th disaraed. The sine precaution has been adopted, with the 5th Caval_ and the 21st, 24th, 53et, and 64th- at Peshawar, and with the 62d and 69th at Mooltan, These re zans were MA aep. cial objects of suspicion, but they formed a formidablo force, and Sir John Lawrence thought 'well not to risk having Lshore or Pashaur made a second Delhi bystsa-1. ingon false delicacy. At Sealcote the 46th, at Jhelum the 14th, and at Der Ismail RKhan the 3Wth, are behaving waL The 5Sth, at RawalPindee, hare expressedtheirhorror of th mutiny, and petitioed to be led aanst the mutineers. I have, I think, enumerated every ative infantry eorpe in the Punjab, d thereby given yoa the exact mne. sore of our danger. O tShe other hvazd, th icrrgalar regiments of Sikhes ad other Puiiabees are proviAg the very safety of the empire. The corps of Gaided marched fron Peshawur to Delhi, 57Cr miles, ih 22adays; that in an Indian June. Directly they rehed their destination they beca'n the foremost in repelling every sortie. Their gllant adin. tent, one of those Europeans who ea impart such a spirit to a native regumeat, waS kied Almz tnel day after he got to Delhi. Many of your Indin readers wil know poor Quintiis Bartye, a joyous, boyish, btt noble fellow, _howe every thought was hotour. Hw&e shAit ia the stomuah by a round shot and only livel a few hours He aule<at & comrade whocame to see him,.and uoted the old sag, *hioh when so quoted ceases to be trite, ' Well, old follow, 'duIle et decoraum est pro patri& mordd you, see it's my cse." The 4th Sikhs, at Loodimn, checked san drove on the Jullandar fugitives, more than treble their nntbr fully armed. The little Ghoorkas, too, fight splendidjy. They ae delighted with the 60th Riffee, hat gallt eopa bg, ot course, clad in dark wreen, as re amalsohe Ghorka . The dimiinutive heathens fraternize exoeediogly with the' buriy Christians, aad calU them their brothers in virtue of the common uniform. All the native genty in, the Punih have evinced loyal imbntions, and the fews rematining pewerful chiefs lia giyen ana ace giving most hearty a_ce. The pop eltion *the Punish is becomin trauqulZ, hninu been*m' naburaliym IUChIdiStUrbed, The-courts ave open, and bnes goes on as usual. here was an intention at one time to supprens the Altiv* nevwspapers, bat they are, I think wisely, permitted, tlb under a censorship. Eve thoe schoole are working wihoato interruption, Different, indeed, is. the state of thIngs in the once favoured North-West Provinces. There n*Chy prevails, districts are aboadoned, and for a time the hah. Government is, as regards-hose pcovisac, inaeyawedBQt . eanestlyhope thattheworstiapast. There are notmany doubtful regiments left to musiny; and every day, xi the fact that a great Mlabomodan plot is at the bottom of theme troubles besomes more and more appaent, we may eprject to see a reaction met in on the partof those Ellidoo Sepoaiwho are not too deeply committedll on the other side. Abore all, 9,0W Europeans have, it is-said, reahed CAlcatta, a large pest of the Chins reiVufoements-baving been happily ittercepted It is wondeiful, indeed ad very creditable to Government, vith what rapidity huropean troops hart-sses collected-in spite of the season-from Madras,iBormbay Ceylon, &aurit&us, and Mnulnelm; and now from _sA_a. and the China Seas. The appointments tempostriy made have given great and' jast satisfaction. Nothing known of Sir IL Sjmeset the acting chief; but it was,perbap, prudent not to attempt Bo violent a reform as appointlIg a Company's officer tothoesupreme post. Nothing ould be better, howesver, than, the nomination of Sir Patrick Grant to the coomand of the Bengal army, with theamost gloiouns sasocaaetioe of whit'h bkis ame is bouna up; rAd as for Chamberlain's appointment to be Adjutant-Genetl it really makes one thing that the age of administrtive re1orm, is coming at last, Most devoutly do I hope to be able to sell you in my nazi thta DeUhi has bn taken, an& that tl4 las of the Moguls has been hanged. Meanwhile the vastness of the explosion which has-taken place may be thus satad-_ Out of 74 Native Infantry regiments 24 have mutinad, 11 nuore have heen disarmed, -An nonz c n be trusted. Let me add that the mystery of the eircalation of the "chupatties," or calke, is- not yet solved, but it has been asce tained beyond all doabt that thaz myster wza directly connected with this outatak. The following is a letter fromn Peshaur, date the 30th of June last, writtea by a soldier of the B7th Regiment ' DearSister,-Thiscountry isinaverv troublesome stte, the native troops thouighout this, the Beugal Presidenc have mutinied, there is not a station but they have onuninttedthu most unheard of cruelty, and espedally at qerat and DelhL They turned out of Meerut mn May last and barbiarously murldered every Ejurope6an they cocld lay hold of, and before the European soldiers of that station bear of it badkille& 20 persons; of every rank withoat regard to age or ser. It .rwsld be i,npowsible for me to attempt togire y ou the least ides of the maanner in 'which thuey acted. The then set out for Deli and possese themseves of that large and trongortres. wheret ey received every encoagemen from a native King residing there. This Eing ws sup ported by the Cospany, who allowedhimthondsye but Delhi is now on tFe eve of falling, nd will soon be no moie. The native troops stationed there were discovered in a most horrible plot, and if they were all agreeable *hey wvould have succeeded, for those who did not agree to the plot promised secrecy ; but fortunately their designs were frustrated. It woa about ' o'cloa&k at night when the news reached us w we stood to arms and prepared to receive them, butthey did not trouble us, We remained all night under arns and prooeeded the next morning to disaru tsheri, in which we suCcee&; there were seven voliaents diarmea and there were three other regiments that were trustd and they are loyal yet, st5il there were numbers of the diainne that deserted and a lrge number of them isken up, of whom several were swenenced to severe puaishmennt, liehr, is a waffold erected on the plain, where 12 of them lava bej kanged at one time, and thLe more at another time; 42 bave beea sentenced to be sbot, and that ws the wieut horribla deatbh I ever witnewA. T,They 'waroegnht*utlf at a tlme and placed before the guns, whee they were blow 1nte the air, thir nlimaa Jiying in all diieotieou scaroeiy a pound of a ny of their bodiks left toeher,s their remai became the'prey of iture aud.ask iere aTrea ssm4ars |in custody. We are earaay inl a dangerous asuc,'w Ionly get one night ill bed ate daty become sO huaavWme then we must lie in ourelothes with our musket bead us and, to add to our toublee, has to m a 3 g ron over the families of the officers. If there i not acme aestano sent us from Europe we have poor chj ef maintaining our ground." TH LR ATE LIEUTEAT-COLONEL YULU O OF 9TH LANCERS A civiiangivea the following particulars of!the fate of this g llant and able off!cer- "Poor Yule's body was not found till next morning.' H* hsd both thighs broken by inusket balls, a ball throu& the headl ust over the eye, his throat cut, and his handa a noh gahed, besides other cat oan the head; s it is suppozmI that when kmnocked off his borse he had put up his hUnds to save himaslL Four of his mene wee Iiint`t u besde him. Poor fellow, I was iz hopes he Would have bee very shortly a C.B.; he well deserve& aore mark of distinction, for no offioer ever took nore trouble orwas atmore expenseto join hisregimitihan Yule, whenever tbere was a likelihood of anythia S 9 do. Even at this time he was on eave in, Cmehmre, bit travelled d 5ak all the way to be in ime tUi,tethe.Uovnoat tA the 9th till Colonel Grant came up. Hs paer wife and young family are at home. "Our friend James Fairlie hd a narow ca H men fired at him on the day at*helilny, asd. ll in tsb saddle. Ha owes haie to natvecmesr, wlltok imn off the pirade and hid hiin iu the jfagle dwuing the night, and got bins into bareks next 3aoriD&g whoe h* was delighted to find his brother. I'Mue men out here, who wre also out in tbeohlme% .7 tha waa j=oko to thi. " On the 23d of June they were fizm .3i Ul 7p.n. Sicnesis vutlaetes%e and if t h to remLin before Delhi after the reins te : b gad acouat6s ot both mn and vlflOe:
GREEK LOAN.-Etract from the Rteport of the CommisIoners charged with the ReimbursmetothGre Oil Friday, 14th August, 1857. the undementlono 831 GBokBu2a 5'ere destined fox theJiaf-~auOrly Redeno,tin 289 Bonds or thxe Series =Qnte b'y England. 261 D itto o -by France. 291 Dimt by Russia. 8U1-~7 Bonds : Ot wbish It was only possble to purchiase bWow 248 Boudi of the Serie guaranteed by Russia. 3nt 05 Bonds Of the B"evie guaranteed by France. Sa he rmaniinderbhave b-enr driawr by latin the preesore of- M1r. PhOCIou Roque, Comn.lrsloner on the part of 31.M. the King of Greece ; 32r. William Stuaat, Commissleser on the part of 35.M. the Queen of Great Britain: ~of H2.5. the Emperr of 32r deKrme~ Comisionr n te prtof H.It. the Emperor of 1'tesrs deRothchId. s~ters,Conracorsof the said Loarn; S.n Sh pamen ofwhih wll ons~oetlytake place Ist Sep,oember Ziumbers of 28 Bonds of the Series guaranteed by England, drawn by lot: (See The Timnes of the 28th off July las1.) V0umbers o 0156 Bonds of the Series guAranteed by France. drawn by lot: 6631 9207 11636 26464 2516 3004 32663 47820 ta88 927 11670 26434 28456 30101 3242,3 43213 6699 =6 31154 26745 28537 30113 32812 48222 6039 9344. 33761 28740 2861 30122 451 42 48541 ml4 9573 11934 26763 2868 30208 459C06 45288 CM4 9705 3206 2684 2588 3024 45Q29 4&i469 6884 101138 312176 2693 28967 30105 46287 40276 71124 10179 12305 2686? 28972 3040 46575 48731 52257 10284 12578 27131 28974 3000 46822 46900 7741 10397 1265 27137 25904 30719 46824 46929 71,42 10304 1566t 21369 29175 30731 465t.8 48939 2746 10503 12699 21.428 29367 1018.7 46538 49115 7811310611 12352 27508 219567 3084 46717 49131 7949 10671 12867 27604 29601 3053 46987 49241 8000 10793 12940 2773%9 296386 31086 41061 49307 85, I098 26172 27947 2977i3 31100 47.$9 42316 868 IFt 19 26173 21963 29778 81283 47627 70-86 11177 26174 27656 29955 31606 47560 8310 13238 26177 57976 36030 3is8s 47562 9119 11339 26186 28019 3008 31826 41 626 l6umubers of 43 Bonds of the ISeries guaranteed by Russ", drawn by lot ' 33437 15695 12131 36742 3415 37189 56643 5160 :138153 35715 15732 36903 34016 37425 58000 3530 15716 15733 179785 3457 52402 8612 I 1889 1512 15734 18244R 34018 63751 56930 35618 15729 351 36 1932 36:75 5462 57358 1563 15730 36243 33674 37,112 5465 57424 iNumbers of 105 Bonds of the Seres guaranteed by franee. purcbared 667 7358 956 25897 28906 32459 32473 32488 63637 734 980 2988 29908 32460 32674 32490 2028 7390 4362 29820 25969 32461 32475 32491 7689 7331 9063 29891 29910 32462 32476 38492 VW9 7192 98O4 29593 2291 322463 32477 32,493 7094 7393 9942 29595 32449 32464 32418 32428 735 1194 10591 29996 12401 32465 35480 4681 7381. 7395 11927 2967 32492 32466 3248i 7303 739 11998 2990 32453 35467 32452 738 3q95 12707 . 9501 32454 33468 32403 7384 7460 2789 5556 32458 32469 32484 736 7401 27500 59903 59456 32470 32489 17386 7402 25525 59904 22457 31471 3546 1387 7403 29142 292025 32428 31472 32487 gumubers of 248 Bonds of the Series guarateed by Russia, purcbaae4 below par:- 17309 36236 1540 313S 3882 5812 84280 86768s 33449 36937 1843 31 679 3221 38531 54s82 56128 32532 I6919 18411 31580 3551 3833 2434 568321 33.133 3694 3841 33683 35844 38739 54365 5706 3150 16941 18413 33682 26164 30317 51369 57070 13282 16943 38424 23353 3028 3373 54318 5112 193M 36944 38421 3Y'85 36290 3848 54311l 57L29 346 67 3G956 38444 3368 62691 3547 5113721 57132 14098 26846 162 %3687 30291 39654 54737 27132 14187 17391 39030 3?680 36293 30653 54374 57,128 :14656 17303 18531 3165 36294 38185 54115 57187Ib 25t 47 17.3127 83823 33691 86295 52215 543 6 57178 35049 311376 3853 33692 3629 52246 5 1377 57291 35297 13737 18236 33693 36300 52248 54379 57253 35462 17378 1(625 31694 36301 52283 84561 57343 :15582 17379 15t67, 33765 7,302 52439 54W 57425 16131 31380 38653' 33804 36438 68775 54284 57430 36272 17381 3861 34060 3 1062 5255684385 57631 1.8273 37421 18639 34067 27003 5314 65230 57619 36324 27521 18069 34099 37063 51025 55303 57633 3(338 17522 35672 35118 37008 6206 55304 57035 36180 17287 18976 783139 37883 51017 65301 57636 3635 318232 19023 3949 31750 5-108 891308 57637 16359 18393 19029 30590 3 1153 5306 05312 5703 36379 I019 1I01 35439 37868 5109 5262 50610 36662 1659 31615 32636 37867 5874 55886 57643 2666 18326 32616 35637 3356 53720 6585 53,654 1680 18397 20419 35618 31269 53727 50031 57682 36064 3639 32974 3569 38117 55743 66077 55132 1867 183599 32975 357,09 38118 53744 5635 55133 368315 38400 33153 85730 33119 53745 26670 59162 to thJ)e BoyltEVOtyaL atE maTicalLSe-ne litomy oape, ondthe oneion getwee Eledcerdlty and ravitason. For ScMenie adetie d0eatf bereavet thesad oald having band a ghne g sevee Thee Timesorer little ASSISTANCE4 and Apible 22,r185 f p.n. Hwvrtheppe r w o i aerorel aidsanden uprebol lihe.toningha bent ree bys tm he hameyR strugl-d na 0other ersos l atdwt l BE ErtiTPU L Ol.-A Yslde, lxadyt beingom furnitiuredumed In- lanlrdumlayse dim ounlequnc of there =dnert of hlerehsbnd, bandb havIghdn vweryo Myolers inm, ampore bag. lturdtle make thso apenable ttherslfn and bdavlugte, wehon asetiely rbependrmnt upon he.woeulermsth Ino soez rosintss hemehasc struhgle on, hut know, . from ls gsareat e wene for lln ,arse frn,txs ~urd o akeths ppal hekin ad env olenty, feln g ca ssube dfa werilled and all particlanlc given by either wrtint or by inquiring of 1mr Rogers 30, Clarendon-squre, tit. Panoras, a lady who hao known Abe unfortunate advertiser mwny seams T1B te BEEVOLENT- UrfetCe- e _Lietbewidow and six voung children the eldest about 121 have ijen left totally D OSTITUTE under the following clrcometances - The husband and father returned from the East, at the close of the wcr. in deepedecine, and soon after 0254. Hebheldsaresponsible sitna£10o,. but,.en conelted with the Turlkish Oontirgent Service, nio Venelon for his widonw could be obtaned from the Wax Deatment, and no aidfor hisfamilyfrom the Patriotie Fund. Tomnset thenece- sities of the ease, nothinz remains but to make thi3 aprel is a Vuerus ad hmanop'ubic.The following gentlemen filIamnish IJI reuide ifora'in ad receive cuntributions :-Rev. James Carlisle. D1.D.. LL.D.. Woolwtch ' Andrew Clarke. Xeq.. M.D.. Fhysicia,n 'o the London Hospital. 23. ikontagu.olace. Russell-equares: and MichaTd3illls. REq.. the Treasury, Whittehall,for this meetmugentoscae. TfHE ROYALJ EX("HANGE AMBULATORY.- J ToAvertli'rng Agents. Contractors. and othtess-The Gresham Vommittee. baying decided upon sabmitan ~to public competItion the x5rivilege of EXHIBITING ADV TiS bXTS on the inner walls and pillars of the Royal Exchange., are ready to receive TENDERS *or the same, for a period of three years, from the 29th day of Sep. Aember next. The regulations to be obsered by the varty whiose bender May be accepted cana be seen on application at MerceWrsital, any day, between the hours of 12 and I; or at the Roya1 Exchane lbetween the hours of 31 and 3. Sealed tenders addressed to 66.- Rorre, lerkto he Geehro Cmmitee,endrse T penere for the1 Pr1ige f xhiitng dvrtiemntsintheAmbulatory of ihe ZoalExhsge'~wil e ecIvd t ever'-al.Cbeapsd,Lodn attendance.~~~~~~~~~a 'PHIOTOGRAPHIC CATALOGUE,4 fo-r August, -IL287. grtatis at J. SO0LOsION's wholessal opticaa and photo-I VrOOhic warehouse, .22, Red L(on-square ITNREDEEMED PAINTINGS and DRAWINGS toibeSOLD very CheaP.-Mr. Jas. Hedges, of 135 and 13, Drurylane, begs most repeetully toinvitethe inareetonoi onnoiceursand alcs of the fine arts to the large COLLECTION he has now on tALE by ancient and mrodern masters, among which ass two very fine gi.,trsltaby Sir T. LAwrence. N.B. Mr. IL haa saws on sale a few guns, Joy eminent London makers ENT FREE to any part of the'United, Kingdom S for 299.. a Jkench-poilahed STER3EOSCOPE and 32 SIG23332 Vsur "nd views, gusesinteed first-rate ckarI4aote.-ABHA.HA.n and mao..oticians. he., 28, Lord-street, LIverpool. M AYALL's PHOTO GRAPHIC PORTR-AIT (IA&LLSPIES, 224 and 226, Regent-street, Corner of Argyllirlace.-PI2OTOGHs,PHS in the highest style of art taken daily, at 2nederate chargse. Specimens on view. NI aTDFTEREOSCOPIC IEWS.-Mesam, AA -ARINud COD. haye recived from Paris some STEREO. gfui A large assortment of steres=peand views of everydoesciption. -Ppterie Marion, 152, Regent-tret W., London, wholesale and OLD PAINTINGS.-Mr. CL!RK.of_29, Msd. Uen and gentlemen and haz old patrons, that he has at length suc. ceeded In discoverin a mnethod ot CLR&NIXG and REISTORING E)LD PAII6 TSNGS, whabc he ventare boldly to assert to be usopele and totaly different from any method hitherto In use. eoWtlaene can. If they so detAie have their plntur os leaned at their own reed. busoes, aud under their own inspection Mr. Clark has a chiole c02. JIcton Of pictures at ha gallery._ Gilding in all its branches C- AMELLIAS and AZALEAS must be SOLD, fo-r %-/want of spaoe--Caonellfa%. OnXe plants, flull of flower bode, IS&. and IOe. per dozen - Azale=s 155. ear dowen; a Oine collection of ferns, 8,- per dozen.-RObE71T GREN,' 154 Kingsezad-road. UAES,Statues, Bust-_ Pedestals, Fountain Basins, V Flower Trals, Suspending and other Flover Pots, and numerousi bznamsut% for halls, garden terraces, and conservAtories, otf suprbo, dosiga and werkmansbi=, n natet imperishable terra cetta.-AL 33LAS 'IF3ELDPs, Prsed.etet deware-soad. -W OOD HOUSE 111 2`oo1ms, £86: wood sides, lined, 9 feet hih rnno,1 idws, verandah in front 'whole Ienktb. very potbe n wl dpe or New Zealand. -06. 2IICHADO ,pral os oldr 1 obig.lc Newroed; adWie oreFcoyBdooghtee,Jd-tet. Londbon.N..Drwnssnfe. TOTICE of REMOVAL, from the London Docks,. -W--PALE BOILED OIL, an extraordinay dryer, the colour of nopo: Hubbagk'spa tent whitezrisopaint,and anew white zine pant, -TRO .REUBBU K and SON, rantish Works. 157. Fenoburch-strei -PATENT LEVEE. PRESS for embossing notaer ,.X. envrelopes &c., with crest die, initials. or naend dds.15. iedd from 2sI. Sent onx receipt of stamre-.UULIN Vatentee. 2, Long-acro. one dooyr from Si. Martin'slan,W VJp A2ILR--OHARLES FA-RLOW, 192, a£Strsiad, manufacturer of superior FISHInG T 4.OELE at mode, nte prices Catalogues gratis. Bole &agnt for the Phantom Minnow. 0 ANGLES-Mlessms EATON and DELLER, 6 and 7, (lrnoced-lane. London-bridge, manuufsotureu ofevs ercl tOf fishing tackle, beg to cr1 the attentilon of maIms fises ISGTEKED IM1PROVH3fEIT In the SPRIJNG WINOH 8ADL. amon and irout filies to evers pattern and COLOURbLNtFACTURER&. wprnucdthe Joet eesman fr te urpseof eldio pInt&S. Numerous rolerecessanbe gven Adres W. . Pummr,12, Albany-road, FT'HE NEW SKETCHING ASEL. simusle, 1ight;, ..L portable, and firm. The novel adaptation of a join or collar of Indiarubber allows the leg to be plac5ed in an keqied eoaitAon, T'rloes~--i plan deal, U e. 84.'i polished dItt.! 3'.:t in Ia! maI gany, 1Os. Sd;In poUiaed &Ltto, r2.-WINSORi and NM 'O sunfatrng artits' oolourmen to Her R& ajest and H.]LH] th MILITARY OFFICERS.-The late Lord T BAGLAl's OAMP BE DSTRAD and PAOK SADDLE, md Reem a wVLan of his Lordship, by a will-known maker. to be rOLD bogei eso sep%rtey. May be seen at Mr. Wlliams, 412,ew Bond. LENT and BUSINESS.-FIFTY REOEIPTS for .Zt; 3ENT, Or b0 reoepPts foe geer s bound etamped 5s, tin md 1. notIces to quit,. pr dorea no to pay r3a G6. Ver doCen; agneomeeta to lot by week, month, qurtee; or year 4d. ech ; i2ttot Of dlsts 6d. per dozen autthoity to distraln. Gd. per 16o380; & capital ruet ncoumboolb o . 30 pages. half-bound, ;Du. al seD cs BOBBB! SEB 81.Ohnney-e. W.il, VJULCANIZED INDIARUBBER CLOTHING, w rted not to stck in hot esemtries, nor become ritd in the wIdest climate In alU temperatures preervig that smooth and flexible Wrpearante so g uch requiread Being tandkh'b' u e te b he aFdditinal advantage of fon om co', we with th supersede thuorncyt deptlon otnus wtpot this. aTbce to tentef 320613, SON, and DsV 5' tesn rgorl 0 thing.o Thepa gro omy makess in Rgland.-Washosee., 14 m 1, er attxest, cIty. oaHne PATET'lMINmeALoISED and the SINCA- g1 L,OB NIOW P10001688 IINDIAUIrEIO WrAT£tpOpR Fs, waranted aginst all surface adhesIon. and being nsmffeeted hr heatos ,areese, may be sent to anyF dlimat.-W . WAElq£a O,S (lrrshamsreet west E.a.. sole manufSterrs TRON1 COLLAR BA URIJDLES.5rIxe; ..obtained the mirles meda of the Rloyal ArcultuZral 80cdet;. They hove more tha twice the strength asd durability of thoee in ordinuay une. aud are no more eDnensive. Address the Sfannlrv o086t. Panea Iron-works, Old ut. Pancraasroed, oppoelte the 01 Church. where the pe of mufacture maZy be sem en very deuipton of teselzg and Iron-work, iPrke lisl by nodt or oa anpilcation. O RGA .-F or SALE, price £30 (worth doublel, a powerful-toned ORGAN, suitable for a churcb, echael, school ,oom, or Hbrary, comnpriing open and stop disapaan, Principal, and Dsedsi ; also a eplendid roaewo2)d bl,irclsordon Piauoforte, oompa nearly sevenocaves, et a great r=crlce. For farther partculr aud *opo treIm 88'P0 tqo pL, ,1h, 6 Qnolow-roed, Ph H ER MAJESTla THEATRE.-Two Ext j x Performances only, at Reduced Prices, on Friay. SsL iS, and Saturday, Sept. lit, with Piosolomini, SPezas, Ortolani, Giueli, Viletti, Rosi, Beneventiao, atnd BedlettL-Two Extra Pa.torsns ej wiU b givn on1'ri, t.18and Saturday. Sept. 19 when wfi ba wi ted, I.& TRAI&TA and IL DU IO iL Pries:ssoxes, to accommodate four "eneone, grand tier. pit tier, anu one pair. 2 2s.; two pir ;1 &. tbree pair, 15s. galler7 box 1Ss. 6d. ; pit atall, I0s. t * l; pit. 6d.; 1gallery Etai S. 6d*. 28lev, S. The box-offlce will be orened one week previousy the a o! pe-rlorinance. In the mean time peaces may- be ecared by appUcation to bMr. Fiab, at the Stage Door, aler cMajeetWs Thatre. HERMAJESTY'HsTHEAT oToU H Liverpool, Bristol, Plymouth. Edinburgh, Glegow, and Dubl. Italian Opera,-Piccolomalvspezi, Pomh, Fao, tolani: Selltt, Belt, Beneventano, Rod,al,erculaji, A291, and Gluglin will appea at BristoL the 21tb of August; Plymouth, from the 24th to tbe 2h of August: LiverPOOl,thte list of Aust to the Ithof September'* Gligow, on the 7th, 91b, end 1lth; Ednubrugh, on the 8th and 10th- iHasogate (ConJcert), on the I4ih; Norwich, on the 16th and 16ta: Wolverh ampton. on the 21sS: Ieamnitolo thce 22d .Chelbenha, On the 2t: BrIghton. on the 28th; Soexiun. On the zutbh* BirlmIngham, on the 2OLh; Nottingham, onthelstof October: Herll (ldraadMusic-hail), on the 2d: Newesaaile. fr om the 5ih to the 8th: Dubl'.n, onl the 12th. !IHEATB t ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-In con.AL seqence of the brillant reception and great atracetion of Mar. T. P. Cooke on his return to the stage, be wil repeat for a few nigbts mom his celebrated character ot Wllia, in BlackEyed Suean.-The new and greatly aucceseful comedy of Victims every evening.-THIS EVtNING, and during the week. to commence at 7 with Tom Taylor's new comedy of VICTIMS, in which Mr. Buckstone, Mr. Heown, Mr. W. Farren, Mr. Rogers, MItes Emma King, Mike M. Oliver, and Mas. Poynter wil appear. After which, every evening, the late Douglas Jerrold'sdrm of BLACK-EYED SUSAN. William (for a few nightes orel, Mlr. T. P. Coolie; Gnatbraln (his original ehascter), Mr. BurkBtone; Susan, Mhie '1. Oliver; Dolly. Mrs. H.Fltzrilliam. Concluding, Te-night, To-morrow, and on wednesday, with THE ACTRESS OF ALL WORK, In which °Mice Quinn wli itain six obaracter: ancd on Thursdy, Friday, and Saturday to conclnde with The Swiss Cottage. VTIREATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL-Variety arnd I. Attraction.-Tast Weekbut One of Madame Celeste previous to her provincial engagemnuta.-Lst bNIghttbis Secaon of Green Bushes. -Revival of Slasher and Crasher and My PrecIoun Eetsy.-Mr.Wrlght, Hr. P. Bedford, a,d Madame Celeste.-THIS EVENiING (last night butt threel, GREEN BUSHES, or A Houdred Ve&ra Ago: Messrs. Wright, P. Bedford and Maeame Celeste, in their origiDal oharacters, With -SY PRECIOTJS BETSY : by Mesrs. Wright. P. Bedod o- Mr. OChtterley, Miss Iary Keeley, lXlie Arden, &c And SLSHBER AND CRASHER:R1: Me.aWright, P.Bedford, C.Selby, Misc Arden,kc. lr. T. P, Cooke is eusaged for a limited period, and will appesr on Monday, Sept. 7. in Biack-eyed Susan. 7lHEATRE ROYAL PRINOESS's.-Italian Opera. T -Monday, August 24-A Series of 12cnsecutive representations of Italian Operas will ommence on Monday, August 2, supported by Madame Grist, Madame Albtoni. and Madame Gasecer Signor Mario, Signor Dragore (bi first apperance in England), Herr Beichardt, Mrr Tennant,i err Forruer, and other eminent athletes, wlth superoer Orchestra and Chorus. Ccnductorsa.lnor 8chba and Signor Stanier.rL -THIn EVENING, LA T'RAVIATA: To.rorrow(Tue-day, Aug. 2o), N{orma; Wiednesday, 26th, Risoletto. Prsee-ore aA cIce,l. boxes, is.; pit, 3s.; etalla, iOs. tiL.: gallery, I, td' Privateboxes, fr.om one guineab upwards, to be had of Craer, Beale, and Co. Regtnt-aireei; Mlisheli're and Chppel'sl, BOnd-sireet; Barud's, 8t. Jamecs'-street; at the hon-office of the theatre; and at all the libraries and musrelleMsre'. URREY THEATRE.-THIS EVENING, and Se during the wieek, great accumul;ation of novelty and talent. Operatic, dramatic, Terpoichorean entertaInmenat. Engagement of the world'e reoowved Christ insirel e and Company of Amertcan ComDedions from New 2'ork and St. James's Theatre. The admireO. comedlesta of EX7RBEM Y PECULRIOR: ColonelT.auprat, M. Shepherd. Ater which she C,hrity'e Minstrels will appear in their poolar and varied entertaiunment With other attrsactive noselttee. ('1 REAT NATIONLR STANDARD THEATRE, S 6horeditc-The eminent actrer, MT.s Glyun and tr. Henry lTlarton every eveNiNg.-T WIISEVNING, B NTOY A N CLEOPATRA. Antony, Mfr. H. Miaraton; Cleopatra, M1is Gbn. Tdhe gret artistl , Kr, ana Mrfe Simodo Beeve, have consented to appear at this Theatre En Monday. Sept. t. THEATRE ROYAL HAYMRKETT. Under the Mu[nagemn;ea of Mr, BuroXtone, THIS EVENIN'G VCTI,YlhLi r oeses B.ckstone, Howe W Ourrena: Merdamee euesa Kidg. II Olier, ke Ater whiche BprCe EYED SUAN, in wshich lsr. P. P. Cooke Will appear. t t aShraia. tr. Bucketo Susa, Maisc K.t. Oihver. To conclpde with sta ACTRxeS OF tL h a tVORK. Commn ace at t, THEEATRE ROYA, AD13LPEJ. Prstopfietr Kro. B. WbThe T imeetreistMadameiCe siete thIEVoENutG, GEEN BUS36 , A Hundred Years Ago: Me,srT. Wright. P. Bedford, tadale Ceoeetn nteos comxtleley, Mies Whaen. WvotisY PRneCIOS BfTSY: meusre. Wrbeht PhBentiodt fIrp.uChatierle. And bLuIH sagANDCRAnEof : Msrd . Wright aWd P. Bedford. Commaence at 7. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEaTRE, Leslees M;hesrest F.obeon and W. re. Enaden, |ROUS611: htess F. BSobeon, A ddison, WV. Gordon, (a. Cooke; M Ise Wyndbamu ana twanoTorougTl A SUBRFUGIE: Meossr. on. ViSing, a. Murray, and ag Stiriang. And S LLO. 0--eloa Mr. F, Bobson. Commtence at i pame 7. STRANtD THEATRE.^ 5THIS EVENING, 710W lf3IBTISTPO BE: DONE. CLAI, The Maid of MlRan: hfiss Harriet Gordon and Mr. DrurL An AN 1IRIS ENGAG3hEMENT: MIr. and hisa Foeter. ROYAL PRIN!CESS'S THEATRE. THIIS EVENTG,LAIXALVtIAaTA, eViEoleaita, MaIdamue GassierAnnetla, MidllIe. Balilon: Plors, bMlle. Gramlaglia;* Gsrmon!, Signor Dr,gone; Barone, Slgnor Piccini; Karchore, Signor Einni; Medico, Signor Sailon:zi Gaitone, Signor Annoni; Giudeppe,8Signor'Gabuedi; |ASTLE' iROYAL APHfIT=HYTBE. Lece and Mtanager. Ilr. William Cooke. Tl HYDER: or. ThieChe ofth hatMuai.Afewhch: Mr. W, Ooohe' scenea is the Arena, inCluding the Parisin toner. trienne. ?,flalo e {illos. Concluding with Shs.keoearo' KATHARIE AND PRIRUClRIO, with eqiueetrisn illuetratlons. TO COItRESPONDE1NTS. Our readers are reqiuested to observe that the price of 7The Timles is reduced to 4d., and that 5gd. is t.he price of a copy with the imfpressed stamp affied. Under the amended TeSuIatlorns of the Post-office (No. 630) Thwe Times 1aS transmIssible by post to British colonies and foreign counltriefs without an imps-eased stamp. lKo notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever it intended for insertion must be aulthenticated by the name and address of the writer; not sece8sarlly for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot udertake to return rejected cobm glmicationLs (rThepnhiliatlon of Tnsrrscomnenuceilatd o'lock on Saturday mooning, and Snaihed at 20 minutes pastS.
ZONDOY, MONSlDAY, AUGUST 24 1857. There is sonmething almost whimsical in the operation of the electric telegraph combined with the sister agency of steam. They are always refusing to fit into one another. On the 14th-that is, last Friday week-the wire brought to Alexandria the chief heads of an Indian Mail, with news from Calcutta up to the 21st of July-that is, 1 days later than the previous dates reported. The despatch was evidently confused as well as meagre. The Bceotia, however, which was in the port of Alexandria, on the point of starting for Malta, could not or would not wait, and we are left possibly for a week to speculate on oracular senitences which may have a serious meaning, and may also have no meaning at all. Almost the only tangible points of the despatch are the deaths of General BaxRssAD and Sir H. LwAivrc. No dates are given, btit these two events seem to indicate news from Delhi and Lucknow much later than the last, which were June 27 from the former and June 18 from the latter, with no decided improvement in our position at either of those places. As General BAP- NARD had conducted the siege on the principle of i not throwing away a chance, but waiting to do the thing with certainty, and as such a plan only requires the ordinary intelligence of an average British officer, with or without experience, the result of his death will only be to transfer the conduct of the siege from one General to another. Sir H. IAWR2SCuE has had to hold good his ground with a very smaU force in the midst of revolt, and has done so with energy and success. A sortie under such circumstances is a proof of enterprise, though the wisdom of it must depend upon cirtcumstances not yet known. Sir IL LTAWnxcS, however, had the reputation of a good Indian officer, and it may require some costly experience to train another to fill his place. As for Delhi, the news on this point will give no diaappointment, as we have ceased to expect the capture of the city tll the accumulation of a much larger force than is known to be there. Nor is it probable that anything decisive will be attempted until the arrival of Sir Cor n 2CAxBa, who must be at his post before this. The news from Cawupore must be measured by the reference made to our previous information in the Bomnbay Times of the 14th. From that and other sources we have already learnt that NW.A SAIIB, the Mahratta chief of Bhittoor, who occupied the neighbourhood and the city of Cawnpore, with the exception of the fort, or intrenched position, held by Sir R. WnamxELa, and who had been able to give some temporary annoyance to the fort with artillery, had massacred more than a hundred Europeans, men, women, and chlldren, who had falen into his clutches in their passage down the river. This saa piece of news is unhappily confirmed; but it is added that the villain has been driven from Cawnpore and followed up by General HAvanocx to his own den at Bhittoor. This is the only meaning that can be put on the brief notice of the electriedespatchA, which supposes Cawnpore to be in the hands of NmVA SAHIB at the date of the massacre already reported, and therefore must mean bl that name the open city, and not the military position occupied by Sir HUrG WHEELB. Nor is this the only success aseribedl to General HAvELocK, who appeas to be able to move freely in the Doab of the Jumna and the Ganges, and who has obtained three victories over the rebels. As all this country is within reach of the reinforcemnents rapidly ariving up the Ganges, every such success is sure to be made good, and the country becomes the basis for operations elsewhere. The general statement that all Oude had matinied is no addition to what we have been told already. The Gwalior Contingent also was in mutiny at the last date, and nothing is now added, except its rumoured march on Indore. The object of this movement can only be a matter of speculation, but it certainly was not the boldest course open to the mutinous contingent, which could nowhere do us so much harm as by marching to Delhi, or molesting our communications with that place. With regard to the main issue of this struggle, they have gone out of the way for the present, though the direction they are -said to have taken may reasonably add to our apprehensions for the borders of the Bombay Presidency. As to the conduct of Hoxxi.n and the Gwalior chief, and of their contingents, it is precisely what was to be expected. The chiefs profess loyalty, and are wholly unable to give us the only real proof of it by the loyalty of their men. To us it is an affair of minor importance whether the chiefs themselves stand by us or not. They may or may not be in earnest. If they are, then it is evident they possess not a shado-7 of authority, and the sooner they cease to encumber territories which they cannot control the better for the general good. If they are not in earnest-if their contingents know very well that their offence is not unpardonable, then these chiefs are only pursuing the common Indian policy of consulting appearances and personal safety as long as possible, though it be at the expense of truth. Perhaps the most mysterious passage in the despatch is that announcing the loss of the Transit in the Straits of Sunda, and the arrival of all the crew and troops at Suez on the 14th. The statement, if not impossible, is at least incredible. That the Transit should have been lost in those dangerous straits is likely enough, but the Nubia has not come from that part of the world, and, even if she had, could not have brought the contents of the Transit. So an evening contemporary is probably right in suggesting that the passage ought to be read, " the crew and troops " all saved," with the words " Suez to-day" added as the date of the despatch. Another possible suggestion is, that the crew and troops have arrived, that is, at their destination, notwithstanding the loss of the vessel. Some explanation will probably be given this evening. It is natural, however, to ask why the Transit should find hersellf in the Straits of Sunda, and why she was not stopped with the Himalaya and sent to Calcutta ? As the Transit is no more, it is needless to revive the controversy as to her merits. Peace to her timbers. Her loss is a trifling affair compared with the horrors brought by every mail. Would that the loss of a hundred Transits could restore the victims of Hindoo and Mahomedan treachery and brutality! All that remains is to avenge them, and that we shall do, and we trust amply.
It matters little whether Sir HEENRY Somissr's Circular Order on the recruiting system of the Bombay Army is actually laid on the table of the House of Lords, but Lord SHAFTESnBuy did well last Friday in directing public attention to a -ecord of human or official blindness, which within three months from the time at which it might have passed without notice has become in the light of subsequent events almost incredible. The Bombay Army, if it still remains in our control, has been in a great measure preserved by the variety of castes aud of races which facilitated discipline, while it threw difficulties in the way of combination; yet the local Commander-in-Chief, when the Bengal Sepoys were visibly fermenting to-wards an outbreal, was still wrapped up in his professional admiration for tall and showy battalions. The heads of the recruiting service were ordered to exclude as far as possible all low-caste men from the ranks. "From il-feeding they I "are rarely equal in stamina to their better "caste neighbours, and they are generallv deficient "in that pride and soldierlike feeling, which it is "our duty to inculcate as essential to the well-being "of the native army." There can be no doubt that Sir HzoRY SOmUrnSET was influenced by the habitual instincts of a soldier, but the General who commands the alien army of a subject kingdom otht to be in some degree a statesman as well as an officer. Commanders-in-Chief may be expected to avoid mistakes which might be readily pardoned in a recruiting sergeant or a regimental adjutant. The crcular itself was immediately cancelled by the Government of the Presidency, and may4be regarded as a dead letter; but it sthongly iUustrates the vital importance of governing India by the aid of those who understand its condition. Only four years since it was proposed to amalgamate the armies of the three Presidencies, and even English politicians were scarcely aware of the objections to a measure which seemaed conducive to systematicandeconomicaladministration. Pride and professional feeling are in themselves soldierliL-e qualities; but Sir C. NAPIER had strongly urged upon the Govermment the danger of a species of pride which operated, not in support of discipline, but to the prejudice of military subordination. The soldier ought to feel that he derives all his importance from the service, and not that he adds lustre to the regiment in which he enlists. It is only when the interests and feelings of an army are identical with those of its employers that social consciousness of superiority becomes useful as an element of military discipline. CROxrwEi's yeomen and farmers' sons were, as he boasted, earnest in the cause; but it was in the cause to which their General was devoted. Mercenaries and contingents raised from subject races cannot think or sympathize with each other too little. But the martinet enters into no considerations of this kind. "Soldierlike pride' means an upright figure, five feet ten in height, and forty inches round the chest. Such is the martial appearance of those troops who are now defending against us our own great Arsenal at Delhi. It is unnecessary to enter into Lord SAFTrSBuRy'S peculiar objections to a preference for highcaste Hindoos. It is possible that the constitution of the Bengal Army may have in some cases seemed to imply respect for a false religion; but the Sepoys of the 'Upper Provinces were preferred for their appearance on parade, and not becaue they considered themselves the hereditaryfavourites of EuAvmw. The complaint that persons in authority have imprudently tampered with idolatrous prejudics is more plausible than the opposite charge of unworthy compliance; but, undoubtedly, the homage paid on some occasions to Brahminical claims of superiority may have increased the irritationwhichwas excited byrealorimaginaryattempts at conversion. The inaccuracy of Lord SHArvTsBURy's general proposition is proved by the bigotry and insolence of the dominant caste in those parts of India in which the troops have been recruited from the bulk of the population. The Brahmnin of Madras is not less hauglhty, extortionate, or irou?1VeQW than thQ hig10-cste tmega1v; htt fortunately, the Madras Army is not to any great extent subject to similar influences. The true policy ia to cultivate absolate impartiality, and to display it in the form even of ostentatious indifference. No Government has, in fact, been so consistently tolerant as that of India, acting as it has done on the well-founded conviction that the native superstitions were as ineradicable as they were odious. Much wisdom and practical ability have been displayed in the successful suppression of some gross religious abuses, such as suttee and infanticide, but the advantages conceded to Bralmins have formed no intentional exception to the general policy. The usurping priestly caste has enjoyed the advantages which it might naturally have claimed if it had been simply a superior class of the population. The higher castes are, in fact, an aristocracy, exhibiting their claims, like almost all conquering races which have kept themselves apart, by superior vigour and intellect. That all men are born equal is a doctrine which will never tale root where distinct tribes live side by side without intermixture of blood; but the opposite principle has never been so successfully maintained as in India from the very dawn of history. It is undoubtedly true that, as Sir H. SOsruasET declares, the lower castes are meaner in appearance, and probably deficient in energy and in confidence. Such an assertion would have been superfluous in Bengal, where the mass of the population has from time immemorial abstained from entering into military service. There were, however, military as well as political reasons for encouraging low-caste enlisitment where it was practicable. Regiments on the Bombay and on the MDadras establishments are available for service in all parts of the East, while Bengal troops felt or affected religious scruples whenever it was proposed to despatch them across the sea. Putting the danger of conspiracy out of the question, a Government may well prefer troops who, although they may be wanting in refinement, and ill-suited for display, are yet ready to handle a spade as well as a musket, and to embark on board ship when their services are required in foreign countries. Some officers of considerable experlence have lately proposed that the defence of India should be exclusively intrusted to European troops; but, independently of other reasons, it is desirable to disclaim as long as possible the character of conquerors ruling by mere force over an immense disarmed population. A foreign invader would be encouraged by the knowledge that he had only to deal with an English garrison difficult to be replaced. The materials of a native array would remain, although the organization might be dissolved, and some enemy would soon avail himself of the instruments which we had ourselves deliberately thrown aside. In the alarm and indignation caused by the Bengal MIutiny it must not be forgotten that we still command a native army of more than 200,000 men. When Madras and Bombay-when the Sikhs and the Scinde Irregulars have revolted, it will be time enough to consider whether it is possible to hold India with English troops alone. If the forces in the South and in the West remain by their colours it would be a strange reward of their fidelity to disband the Madras Army because the high-caste Sepoys have mutinied in Bengal. The Government of Bombay has already thought it safe and prudent to increase the strength of every reginent on its establishment, and it cannot be doubted that precautions have been taken to prevent any accession of rebels in the character of recruits. Levies are formiing at Peshawur, even within the disturbed portion of the territory, and a portion even of the army before Delhi consists of native troops. It is easier to draw soldiers from a hundred millions than from twenty-eight. The UnitedKingdom alreadyfurnishes a larger number of military volunteers than any country in Europe ; but a very large standing army in India would seriously interfere with the supply of recruits to the regular forces. A considerable increase of English troops will be necessary for some years to come; but the art of governing the inhabitants of India through themselves has not disappeared with one mistak-e or misfortune. The costly lesson which we have received will not be altogether wasted.
The failure of the attempt to lnk the States of the American UJnion with England by the electric chain is no doubt to be deplored. We must comfort ourselves with the reflection that the failure is but a temporar one. Had it depended upon causes beyond human control-as, for example, had the depths of the Atlantic presented insurmountable obstacles in the way of the avhievement of the enterprise-had the electric spark suffered any diminution in its power or intensity by reason of its transmission through so long a chain, we must have been content to wait until the advancement of science had helped us to our ends. The reverse, however, of all this is the case. If the recent attempt has proved nothing else, it has proved, at least, that the immersion of the wires at great depths rather assists than impedes the flight of the electric messenger. It has proved that the cable can be payed out without difficulty when the water under the ship's keel is 2,000 fathoms deep. It has proved that the sudden traition from shallows to great depths can be readily overcome. In a word, we now know by experience what had been affirmed in theory-that the electric cable can be laid dowvn in the depths of the ocean between the Old and the New World, and that, when laid down, it will convey the spark from shore to shore with unerring certainty. This, at least, is some comfort in the midst of our disappointment. It is clear that had the arrangements on board the vessel which had to lay the first part of the cable been reasonably complete the greater portion of the task might now have been eazcuted, and the remaining portion have been in a fair way towards completion. The fault cannot even be laid upon the machinery, although this has probably not been the most efficient which could have been devised for the purpose. According to the account we have received from the Secretary to the Atlantic Telegraph Company, it seems that there was not a sufficiency of properly skilled persons to attend to the reglation of the breaks-and hence the accident. It would, of course, be too much to assert that had the ship held on her way some other form of accident might not have occurred, but clearly the undoitunate snapping of the chain, as it actually cid happen, was due to this cause alone. On the 10th the vessel had payed out 255 miles of cable, and had made 214 miles from shore. At about 9 o'clock p.m. on this day she was kteaming at about the rate of three knots, while the cable was running out at a rate well-nigh double the speed of the ship. Throughout the night efforts were made to retard the flight of the cable, aud its speed was gradualy reduced to about five knots, which rate was maintained until the occurrence of the accident, which happened at about 4 the next morning. The manner and cause of the rupture are intelligible enough. The wind and sea had both increased; as a natural consequence, the ship was pitching with some degree of force ; the stern, in other words, was alternately raised and depressed. Now, the cable running out at the speed described, it is obvious that aa the ship's stern was jerked upwards by the action of the sea, if any retarding foree was S that mQment ouddenly applied, or if any retard- ing force which had been applied was not withdrawn, or at least eased, the cable would be instantly and violently strained. The weight of all the slack, and of all the cable which had not actually sunk down to its bed on the bottom of the ocean, would be applied to one end, and the weight of the ship to the other. The result, as the ship's stern was impelled upwards by the force of the sea, was a very forcible jerk, which the strength of the cable was not caloulated to withstand, and it snapped. " On C exaning the machine," writes our correspondent, " which was otherwise in perfect order, I "found that the breaks had not been released, "and to this, or to the handwheel of the break "being turned the wrong way, may be attributed "the stoppage, and the consequent fracture of the "cable. When the rate of the wheels grew slower, "as the ship dropped her stern in the swell, the "break. should have been eased." The expedition had, in fact, gone to sea with an insnfficient staff. Whether this was the result of ignorance, or misplaced economy, it is not for us to say, but, speaking after the fact, we now know that the presence on board of half-a-dozen skiled mechanics capable of regulating the break would have averted the accident. One mechanic only was left in charge of the machine, and when the writer of the repo,-, was on his way to the fore part of the ship to ascertain her rate of speed he heard the machine stop. The order to ease the break and stop the ship's engines was instantly given, but it was too late. The mischief was done, and for a time, at least, there was an end of this great international work. The result is very mortifying, when we reflect upon how small an addition to the measures of precaution would, apparently, have insured the success of the enterprise. Most probably this particular form of accident will be effectually guarded against when the attempt is renewed, but it must be remembered that no single precaution will guard against the many causes of accident, which are all the more to be apprehended because they are as yet unappreciated and unknown. Under these eircumstancesit becomes mostimportant to consider if there be not some method of repairing the damage, no matter what may be its immediate cause. It certainly seems a very improvident arrangement to trust the success of so important an operation to the mere chance of paying out so enormous a length of a cable so slight. No doubt mechanical science, even so, will come to the rescue, and ultimately provide means for dropping the wire from shore to shore; but why have recourse to extraordinary measures when precantions of a far more simple nature would enable us effectually to repair any fracture which might take place ? Among the many plans which have been suggested two seem to be recommended by their simplicity and apparent efficiency. First, it has been proposed that as the cable is payed out it should be connected with a series of buoys of the most uncostly kind, but which yet would be sufiicient to keep afloat that portion of the cable which had been last payed out. Thus, if an accident occurred, the end of the cable could be recovered, it could be again connected with the coil, and thus the worlk might proceed. The second fuggestion is even more simple than the first. It is recommended that a second vessel should attend, at a considerable distance astern, upon the ship which is absolutely engaged in laying down the cable; that the cable should be made to pass through a ring in connexion with the second ship, and that thus there would be an opportunity for recovering the broken cable before it had sunk beyond all recall in the depths of the sea. Practical engineers and men accustomed to this kind of work must, of course, be left to judge of the feaaibility of these schemes; but it certainly will seem to laymen a sad slur upon the mechanical ingenuity of the nation if no method can be devised for taking up a dropped stitch in the process of laying the electric cable. TheDirectors, aswehavebeen given tounderstand, have resolved to renew the attempt in October. That month is a favourable one for the purpose, and we really see no reason, if they profit by their recent ex-perience, why they should not succeed in the second attempt. If during the few weeks which must elapse before the next experiment means can be devised for repairing any damage which may occur-that is, any means of recovering the end of the cable in case of accident, and of knitting it on again to the coil-we should almost look upon the work as done. The experience gained in the recent attempt has been highly corroborative of the chance of ultimate and speedy success. Those points which had previously been stated to be the chief difficulties have turned out no difficulties at all. There has, in point of fact, been a hitchnot a failure.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasury in Downing-street. The Ministers present were Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vermon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, and the Right Ron. M. T. Baines. THe SEssrov.-The Court will remain at Osborne until after Wednesday next, the 26th of August, where Her MIajesty has constautly celebrated the birthday of the Prince Consort. The usual rural fOtes will take place whioh the Queen has been acoustomed to give to the tenantry and worlpeople on the Royal estate and the crew of the Royal yachts. The Conrt isr expected to arrive at Balmoral on the 29th inst., the day originaUly fied. The Earl of Clarendon will accompany Her Majesty to Scotland as the Secretary of State in alc-endance. Had it been found possible to finish the session yesterday (Saturday, 22d), the day ex ted, it was Her Majesty's intention to have prorogued Pariament In person -but the delays, and still more the uncertainty, of the proceeings on the Divorce Bill have altered all the anticipated arrauge. aents. At this moment itis uncertain whetber Parliament will be prorogued on WednesdaT or Thursday next. The Privy Counoil to settle the Queen s Speech, which wasfixed for Monday, was yesterday pcetpued to the following day, and it will be further postponed to Wednesday, unless the public business shall proceed onl Monday, in the Lords, sufficiently to allow of the Counncl bein,g held at ODorne on Tuesday. Until thefate of important measures be known on Monday, it is obviously impossible for Ministers to mako finsl arrangements for the breaking up of the session.- Obseruer. T1n Px.AG& .-Wo believe tbat some elevations to the peerage of the united kingdom will be arnounned in due course at the end of the session. They will consit of Commoners of the highest wealth, who bave oocupied sats in the Lower Hoee for many yar, and of a few irish and Sootob pee. There is also talk of the elevation of aveteran ztatesman-repected by aU parties-to the highest rank in the peerage of Great Bxitain-Oboser. On Saturday morniing the marriage of Lord Asley, eld'est son of the Earl of Shaftesbury, 'with Lady Haret Chlche3ter, orly daurbter of the Miarquis and Mar chioness of Donegal, was celebrated at St. George's. Hanoversquare, in the presenc,e of a large party, comprising the frends of both famlilies. THz I xg.A.--SouTHnTroN, Augst 22.-The European and American Company's ship Indiana, Ca pin J. Baker, arrived in the river early this morning, from 7Tewn York, which port she left or. bhe 5th inst., and her advies have consequently been anticipated. With the exoeption of three days, she has had head winds throughout the voyage. The Indiana brings about 150 pasnengers for this ee, London, and Bremen, ,and a full cargo. After taking mn a supoly of coal, she left for London this afternoon, to disoharga her cargo in the Victoria Docm, and thence proceeds to Bremen. DuLring the voyage the IndianLa exchanged sig,nals with the following vessels :-Anugnst 16, in lat 4S.56 N., lonp. 26.47 W., the British bark Phoenix, 1Sth, in lat. 49.32 N., long 1G.41 W., the Americrrn shLip A.lbatross, the British bark William and Anna, ad the British ships Gyran Castle and Coronella; 20th, in 1st. 49.41N, long. 7.11 W., the British barks Cnmberland and Ml' 1onald. LIrvErPooL, August 22.-The Royal mail steamahip Asia sailed hence for New York to-day with the usual mail, a large cargo, and 106 pa gers, incldding Mr. Charles Mathews and 26 members of an Italian operatic and ballet company engaged for MTr. Marshall, of New York, by Men Maretrek-. The next Transatlanrtic steamners henoe are the steamer North American, which will sail on Wednesday for Quebec, and the stearcship Ks,pgaroo, -y,ls will ias iw same. dq for New York.
couBr wwmAm OSBORNE, A:Uua. 22. The Qpeen anddPrinceConort, n p Hern Royal, Prgnoen Alice Pinom A ur d Prinoe Leopold embareed 3n the C aurne yestrda afterdoan Mn stesqed up tha Soue t mpbon e ater do ene MiAiiorh Hospitel at aftley, where the ptie Coneort landedibspected tie wotks. The Fsry returnd to Oeborne at S o'clock. ViscountdSydney h Gd an audience of the Qeey day to present an address from thea House od lords Coborg, attended by Countess Mollien and Oenaltsaaon.. Besqeroi, asied at Osbone yeserdy en- vi to the Iu the afternoon Her MIesty droveou, accomnied by the l?incoess AgstUsU and Prnes Alce The .klc Consort rode on horsseback. TJe Jadge-adtocnaleGSneral W. d an udrg nce of the Queen The o oyal dinner party included the Pitnsee RoyL, PRances Auguss of e-Coburg, Pfinc ie. CoDmtess-ollien, Gwner l Montesquron and the Cldiesa ad Gentlemen n WarthnG o Lady Churobill has ucceeded Lady Joodyn, ad XajosGeneral the Hon. a. Grey has succeeded J\a30r-GeueraI Bouverie, as lady and Eqguerry in WadYng to Her Majesty. 7 ieutenant*Genersl 8ir W. Codrigton has gone ta Konigeinter, on the RhEine, to be in attendance onhbis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. Despatches were receired on Saturday at the Coemil. oefice from the Governoro ogogadCeylon.
INCOHMlMAX SCHEDULES TO THE EDITOR OF THE TanES. Sir,-A sense of dutytomyself,fellow-tradesmen, mer. chantb, and the public at lIge prompts ine to lay before you the particulars of what 1. eonsider one of the most glaring acts of injustice and instlt which could posibly have been allowed to be committed by any Board of Hei MAjesty's Commissioners in this or any other country. The facts are these.:-I kappened to have ocagiontio call atone of our principal retl provision shops yasterday, and to my surprise observed lying upon the 4ounter the keading of an Income-tax schedule. Msy criosity ld me to ask how they rame in possession of she same. I wa im. mediately informed that a considerable quantity had bee purchased as waste paper; in shc$ I observed a tring of them hanging to the counter ready for transmissionto the four winds of Heavenm I purchased 41b. weight from the large heap which was doomed to the ame fate as those hanging to the counter, and for which I pad 4d. The original pile must have been vezy go, for the7 ha been using them for months previously. My motive in pur sing the 41b. was not any prying curiost on my own part, but with the intention of recuing them from circulation and from the scrutiny of those who p rfer to look into other people's affairs rather than attendto their own, and to keep them in my own custody, unless an official application should be made for them, and that ther Should remain a perfect secret as far as personality is conened. The 130 I thus secured comprise seme of the principal professions and irmus in the important ward in which in7 business is located, many of whom are men padaunal frieds. The 41h. include the followie g summary, te *_s TwFo clergymen (one of wrhomiAi a distinguished leiderinthe Oxford school, and a chaplain to Her ajeoty), fivtesbons and MLD.'s, seven solicitors and barrsters, five booksllers, six druggists, siX corn-factotb, th merchalnS, tof curmers five wine mercansts, four teadealers, including ua ldeman of the city of London, who is at the head of one of th firms, together with numerous private gentlemen and firstclwss andesmen. But to make the matter still more annoying the scheilules of our owna firm arc included, and would,no doubt5bavebe doomed to besnmearmient by the enclosureof uformidable cut from a side of one of the swinihi multitude. I have omitted to state that several of the schedulesB bae pieces of paper attached, with the remarks and calculations of the Commisoners; in some cases acomparison1 is made wiith another in the same trade or profession, " compare with so and sO ;" on this point the public must judge for thenisves. Should you viewr the matter with the same amount of righteous Indignastion that myself and friends d,an4 il oblige by inserting these particularsin}ouznatioua1journal, The Tinses, you will confer a great favour on a large mla,30' ritv of loval subjects who .bhn. ill innni - - ONE WHO IS A.GGBIE'. Lefls, .Y Iorx1nie, iLuF. M.L
THE BBITISH ASEug. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-Why is there so mnuch trouh in procuring admig. sion to the reading-room of the British huseum s I hae been trying to get admission for the last six months, but have not been able to accomplishl it. Iknew, of course, that a ertifiaste of zecommendation was neceesary, and that the recommendation of a clergyn was considered as good as any; so being a stranger in London, I enclosed a certificate from the tu-tor of mn-v coge, which I am sure contained all that was necessy for She purpose, but they returned it to me, saying that it was mot a sufficiently satisfactory recommendation, uever tellng me why they considered it as snch, nor yet savising me how to Ioto one. Surel TheOUeaZ i-roo f the British I am. Sir. Your obeclient asrvant TUSTMIA
L=ARUBRE, ArT, &c.-Mr. Oroker's Popa volunes-materials for his long-advertised edition of Pope -were sold by him a few weekls before his death toldr. Murray, of Albemarle-street. As yet, of course, nothing has been done further about the edition of Pope, which will continue to bear Yr. Croker's name as editor and Mr. Cunningham's name as assistant. The Duke of Manchester has just made the importwat discovery of the whole of the letters addressed by Horace Walpole to his Eton aaquaintanoe and favouritb friend, George Montagu. They are not "up," as ma be readily supposed, to the Wslpole mark of exoleence; 'but they are good in their way. His Graoe has most liberally placed the whole correspondence at the service af the editor of the first complete and uilform edition of Wacpoles Lrtis, now in course of publica. tion. The active sagacty of Mrs. Everett Greene ha jus deteoted, in the State Paper-office, a letter in the }%nd. writing of Ben Johnson addressed to Sir Robert Cecil, and in wvhich Ben appers in the light of a spy. This, after his contemptuous epigram on spies, sounds oddly enough. Ben had a hand ian detecting some of thelesser asistants in the Gunpowder Plot. The present Bishop of Londonwill not live, it is said, at Fulham. The small though fixed income of the see wiliaot allow of a house in St. James's-square and a palace at Fulham. The palace of the bishops passes into the hands of the Ecdesiastical Commisioners; ad the fine trees-among the very finest in the neighbourhood of London-will fall at the order of some speculative builAer or some far-seeing Conservative Land Society. uihan wil miss her trees; the Thames, too, will greatly is3 them. The statue of Dr. Jenner, by Mas will be erected, it is said, in Trafalgar-square. It is Dnished, eAnd ill leave Mr. Marshall's studio ih a few days.-Illustrfted Swr-T PASSAkGE ACRoSS TR ATm=c.-LgmvPoo,, Aug. 22.-The steamship Circassian, C. Powel com. mander, arrived from St. John's, Newfoundland, to-day. She left that port on the 14th inst., and has therefore completed the voyage i n 7 days 22 hcnrs. She has a full cargo and 100 ps8sengers R0Y4.L FREE HosPrrAI, Gss's-ix-ltoAD.-The number of patients relieved at this hospital during the week ending August 22 was 2,673, of whIch 1,050 rere new csess. John Blagg, who wau tried at the ChesterAesises, before Mr. Justice Crowder, for the murder of a ganekeeper, convicted and sentenced to death, is ordered for execution on the 29th inst. Appeals were made to the Rome Secretary on behalf of the prisoner for a comnmutation of the capital sentenoe, but after a careful review of the case Sir George Gr could see no reason for interfering with the due cour.e of the law-Obscrrer. TEB ASSASSIIlTION }n Em QUur?'s DE?-NCi Pwisox.-When the death of M£r. Ilobarton, who expired at 10 minutes before 7 o'clock on Saturday evening, was commnicated to the prisoner Antonio de Savi .by tho prisonauthoritiesheaspearedto have lost all aef-poseaion, was unnerved, ana muttered tremulously. The tornuer bas fixed this day for holding the inquest. Acording to Baron Martin's view of tho case, the recent convictiQnacFChe prisoner on the second count, "wof ounding witha iteiet to do grievous bodil trm," does not relieve him from fur ther proceedings, and be will have to te his trial ep tthe more serious charge of murder. sy . Mwhatsh-N o feeling, nc unmo;rm no , cawna ever comes from the hone mev ber for Walygtord, bete bme is a mere "logi mril," and, oe mwy dd, work ivn ith'oht oiL. Surely the meet unpleasat, peaker that ever gained position and money by hi talh. and then his copin rcrbo ruma/ 'We will back Mr. .fflins to use mnor wrordi in saying what ha intends to sa than any otherjang Ilai7 could do if he were to give6 week's atedy to every jantence. 2No mere descrption, hlowever, can dives r nht notion of Mr. Malui's! verbal tlk. We willtherefore tke the libert to preent a apacsn, uriDg our readr that the sack i like the sample :-"Will the hon. and hon. member on the Treasury Bencb, led by the no)" Lord at the head of Her agesty's Government, sad supported by ight hon. and hon. members ox their side of the House, venture to say-ill they venture to affirm-that the propofitionL, a$o by the noble lord below me, and supported by rght hon. and hon, members on this side of the house, is not the ht and true proposition which ought to be maae' I ask myrhon. ad learned friend Her Majesty's AttorneyGeneral-I ask the noble lord at the head of Her Majesty's Government-I ask the right hon. sud inon. members who support my hot. and leaed friand the Attorney-General, and I ask it with the srongest confidence, whether the proposition moved by-the nble lord below me, and supported by right lon, sad hon. members on this aide of the House, is not more coustitttienal, moral, sound, and more consistnt witiJe objects which my hen. and leaed iend the Atitney-Gerl Froposes to attain than that which has been ast4edown fromn the Lords, has received thes anction of any ben ~n tearned friend the Attorney-General, ad is sapporteidby the noble lord at the head of JIer gIijeaty's,Governwwat, and by the right hon. and hon. members wiio~zursound him?, Let the reader imagine h oe lk of this character,deli ered 'th great luency, onii able actiop, and inasomewit iasasL tone, sibly form some conception of te oratoryof r. ials On the cuses in uon of the Divorce Bill r. Mrais lmot rivalled Mr. Gladstone in the number of speoeibe which lie mde,-" Inner Wife of the Ilo-I1O{?q_re4 T ymcs,
SECOND EDITION. T!HE TIMES-OFFICE, Momday Mornting. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The foUowing is the letter of our Paris corret5ondent, dated yesterday (Sunday), 6 p.m.:_ The Paris papers, while giving, some of them in 4 prominent Manner, Lord Palherston's remarks Of Thursday night as to the propriety of keeping our -.team fleet at home for the defence of British shores znd the maintenance of British dignity, abstain from all comment. The Deats merely observes that the noole Lord's observations have, under present -c1rcumstances, a certain political interest. In Ilotic. Ing the unpleasant news yesterday received from India the tone of the Paris press generaUy is (as it Is been from the commencement of the mutiny) iriendly and considerate. To this the exceptions are few and insignificant, as, for instance, -ihe Gazette de France, which lately published, in Vhe form of a correspondence from India, a mnost gloomy picture of the position and prospects of English power in that country-a picture whose chief characteristics were gross exaggerations, misstatements which, if not wilful, displayed astoanding, ignorance, and a degree of exultation which it was scarcely attempted to conceal, at -iisasters that werejdeclared inevitable. It is not from such prints as the Gazette de France, or from the sentiments of those whom it represents, that we -should draw conclusions as to the feelings with -which the generous French nation contemplates the tinspealkable atrocities committed by the Sepoy rebels, and the progress of a struggle between civilization on the one hand and barbarism and a -savage fanaticism on the other. England craves no 3ympathy, any more than she needs assistance to vindicate her rights and avenge, as it is to be lhoped she will do with an unsparing hand, her iiurdered sons and her outraged daughters. But ahe will doubtless recognize with pleasure, in the tone in vwhich recent events in India are treated of loy all the most respectable of the French journals, -confaimation of the belief she gladly entertains, that her nearest neighbours and allies are animated towards her with feelings no less friendly, no less devoid of jealousy and envy, than those which the great bulk of the English nation unquestionably .cheriahes for them. The backstairs and boudoir intrigues, often of irfamneful origin, which, in former ages and in rarious countries, frequently kept linisters in check, 3ndsometimes overthrewthem, stillaurvivein Spain, the land which seems to pride itself on retaining the least reputable of its ancient traditions. Private letters from Madrid mention that, at the very mo*nent when the Narvaez Cabinet, rid of the Cortes and left in peace by its political adversaries, seemed tbo gather strength and to present increased chances eof durability, it was startled by the discovery of a Daanxuvre of the kind alluded to, and which, ac cording to the accounts received, was on the point -of triumphing. The Court favourite, the present impersonation of that influe)we which seems perma.ment under the present wearer of the Spanish crown, ,was within an ace of replacing the Narvaez-Nocedal Ministry by a Cabinet of his own composition, in which were to figure Don Luis Mayans, a relative of his own and a former Moderado 3Minister; General La Rlocha, an officer of no i'ery extraordinary capacity, who was formerly Captain-General of Catalonia; Antonio Benavides, and others, some MIoderados, some Polacos, all more or less friends and allies of the fortunate favourite. This 'vUa podrida of a Cabinet was to be caled the 4'Fiaion Ministry." It] was necessary to find some name for it, and this, it was thought, was a new one and sounded as weU as any. The plot maatured in Palace privacy was discovered, and the blow was ,parried, but not, as I am assured, without trouble and sacrilices. According to my letters, the following was the way in which it was done. It is well Imown that the destruction of the fortifications of Barcelona left a good deal of vacant ground, which was the object of various claims. The Corporation claimed it as its own; the Minister of War wished to appropriate it, on the plea, %rather plausible than valid, that the constructions that had covered it belonged to his department; nusnerous private persons desired its sale, that they -snight build upon it. The Government had not de-cided the question, and considered, not without reason, that the ground belonged to the State. A fociety of capitalists, who were de-irous that it uhould be sold in lots, by public auction, contrived to intere,t the favourit+e in their behalf, by arguanents of irresistible weight, and the order for sale 'vas the pledge of reconciliation between the alarmed Uovernment and the new Cabmet-mraker The noin nation of General Lersundi as Captain. General of Cuba is expected to appear in the Gazett., towards the middle of September. It is delayed in1 -consequence of the intended absence of the Minister vf War, -bhom Lersundi is t3mporarily to replace, -which he could not do had he already left the 3inistry of Alarine and been gazetted to the command of Cuba. There is no doubt that the project of desamorthcizacnis of the national property, which -is greatly reckoned upon for extrication from financial difficulties, will be carried out, probably Jby Roy.d decree-the Cortes to be informed of is subsequiienitly. The project is a good one, and will ,Strengthen the situation. Barring the pranks of Palace favourites, the Narvaez Government has few enemies it need fear. The Carhsts are impotent, the Progrisistas simple, the Democrats stupid; Bravo Murillo and the Absolutists abstain and seem not to covet power, besides which Mulrillo is on bad terms with the Palace. If they avoid blunders, the preseni men may keep their places for some time to come. They are now preparing a manifesto t3 explain their conduct in the Mexican affair, the efforts they have made to conclude anl honourable peace, and the course they mean to pursue. It is said that they have positive information of a secret treaty having been dogned between Mexico and the Uinited States. This gives great additional importance to the existing dispute between Spain and Weaxico, and should make the Government of the *former country extremely circumspect in its proceedings. Telegraphic despatches from Constantinople aniounce the receipt, by the British and Austrian Ambassadors, of the fresh instructions from their wespective Governments, by which they are ordered to demand of the Poxte, conjointly with the repre -gentatives of the other fourPowers, that the Moldavian elections should be annulled. It is added, that ibefore obeying these orders, the two Ambassadors thought it their duty to make a fresh representation to their Courts. There appears not the least doubt of the satisfactory arrangement of the affiir, -the Sultan having declared his willingness to conform to the decision of the six Powers so soon as that should be unanimous. It seems pretty certain that Ka prisli Pasha will be Vizier. This bias is -decidedly French. I am assured that the French -Government's latest instructioas to M. Thouvenel :re to be as conciliatory as possible in his manner of tranactivig business, and carefully to spare the susceptibilities of Lord Stratford and Baron Prokescli. By the Emperor's special command, the Minister of Marine has issued an order to all captains of ships of war to give every aid to English vessels -conveying troops to India, and to take them-in tow when becalmed. A telegraphic despatch from the French consl at Cadiz announces the arrival there, on the 15th inst., of the English fleet, under the commancd of Admiral Lyons, whose flag was flying on board the Royal Albert. The Mirister ot Foreign Affairs has published the conditions to be fulfilled by foreigners claiming the bronze medal lately granted by the Emperor to the old soldiers of the Empire. They are to apply through their ambassadors. A notice to that effect wilU be published in the foreign journals by the French Ministers at foreign courts, and the demand muist be made within three months of that publication. Prince Jerome was the first person who wore the medal in question. It has been said that 100,000 medals will be required, but it is scarcely credible that, after the lapse of 42 year3, there can be so many survivors of those celebrated campaigns. The day approaches when the suspended AssemblUe Nationale will be allowed to re-appear, but under a new name. What that name ie to be has been the subject of an amount of talk quite disprorortioned to the importance of the topic. Many have been proposed, but even now it is hardly certain if one has been chosen. Some did not suit the AssemA'ie, others were unmusical in the ears of the authorities. Ladies will tell us that changing a name is no light matter, and, naturally, as the day approaches the agitation increases. It is dangerous to pronounce too positively in a matter so weighty, but I may venture to state, with due caution and reserve, that it is confidently affirined that the Spectateur will be the new title, and that, for the first six months of its appearance, it will be permitted to add to that name the words " Journal fo?W6 en 1848 soUs le tilt-e de IlAssemblUe Nationale." Than this concession surely nothing can be kinder or more considerate. We are almost emboldened to believe that had the unfortunate AssemblMe been allowed to re-appear under its original title, no great danger would have ensued to the stability of the French Empire. The Bank is busy preparing the 50-frauc notes which, according to its last treaty, it is botnd to issue, and which will shortly be put into circulation. It has been very confidently stated that the Skah of Persia is not only maintaining' his army at its late strength, but actually increasing it. The Coligny and the Pelican, two light steamers, have been placed at the disposal of the Empress during her stay at Biarritz. It has been reported to-day that the Emperor would arrive at St. Cloud to-morrow, but I believe that this is not the case, and that two or three days will still elapse before his I arri'al. Although here we have halcyon skies, summer breezes, and rather more heat than is altogether pleasant, we must presume that things are different between Dover and Calais, and that baffling gales and stormy seas retard the passage of the packets, for the English papers, which are naturally looked for with intense interest in the present crisis of Indian affairs, have for some days past been rarely delivered, even in very central and principal streets of Paris, until 2 or 3 in the afternoon. Some of the Papers repeat the report that Prince Albert and the Duke of Cambridge will visit the camp of Chblons, and add that great preparations are being made at Rheims for their reception. The Moniteur de la Flotte informs us that the English ship Abeona entered the port of Algiers on the 10th inst., having on board 1,035 officers and soldiers for India. This ship having damaged her screw, the British Consul-General had requested Marshal Randon, Governor-General of Algeria, to afford a steamer to tow the Abeona to Gibraltar. Marshal Randon having granted the request, the steam-frigate Cacique, expected from Dellys, would on her arrival tow the Abeona to Gibraltar. The following is a copy of the speech addressed by the Mayor of Cherbourg to Queen Victoria :- " Madam and very gracious Sovereign, the city of Cherbourg, which I have the honour to adminiater, is happy to see to-day realized the hope it had for a moment conceived last year. Admitted to the remarkable favour of being presented to your Majesty, I dare hope your Majesty will deign to permit me to lay at yoar Majesty's feet the respectful homage of my fellow-citizens. The 1Sth August wilt eb inscribed in their memories as a precious and memorable day. Queen Victoria is the first British Sovereign who has visited Cherbourg since Normandy ceased to belong to Great Britain. The last English monarch whom Cherbourg received within its walls was Henry V., in the year 1420, under eircumlstances very different from the present. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " MARSEILLES, AUG. 22. "I3. de Rayneval has arrived. "The fall of 2f. the hectolitre on wheat is caused by the fall which took place in Algeria. All other qualities are equally faWlng." " BERLIN, A UG. 21. " The Chinese have not permitted Admiral.Pontiatine and his mission to enter by Kiakhta. He will consequently descend the Amour, and will present himself at Sharghai." The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from August 6 to August 12:- Intelligence from Algiers to the 18th has been received. 'Lhe htews froni Rabylia was favourable, the tribes not, to all appearance, thinking of making any further resistance. On the proposition of I Marshal :Randon, the Govarnor, the Minister of. War had authorized the sale by public auction of 12 lots of ground, belongina to the Crown, containing 784 hectares (2.i acres each), situate in the plain of Ilabra, along the banks of that river. The line of electric telegraph from Setif to Bougia had been completed, and was at once opened to the public. The trial of Baptain Doineau ancd the 18 other prisoners for the murder of the Agha, Ben Abdallah, and the other two travellers in the diligence, was still going on. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENr.) VrENNA, AUGUST 20. The organs of the English and continental press are full of contradictory reports as to the issue of the Osborne Conferences, and it may therefore be well to communicate some little authentic information which has this morning reached me on the suLbject. Mutual concessions were made. England consented to the repetition of the Moldavian elections, and France promised no longer " to urge" the union of the Danubian Principalities. My informant was either unable or unwilling to inform me how the question of the Union was to be disposed of, but he hinted that the Moldavian and Wallachian elections were now matters of inferior importance. Although the foregoing intelligence is but scanty, it will serve to show thab one of your morning contemporaries was in error when it affirmed that the British Cabinet had yielded to France in the matter of the union, " notwithstanding the steadfast opposition of Lord Palmerston." It is related that this Cabinet was extremely incensed when it first learnt that England had agreed to the rejection of the Moldavian elections, and the report is certainly correct, for some of those German papers which are in connexion with the Austrian Government inveigh bitterly against British statesmen, and accuse them of " weakness" and 'C faithlessness." The Vienna correspondent of the Frankfort Posi Zeitw, who is even- more excited than his fellows, hints that Austria will, in case of need, draw her sword in defence of the rights of the Porte, but it stands to reason that the Power which did not venture to join England and Frarnqe in te war which they waged against Riassia in defence of Turkey will not now ha'o recourse to violent mestures. It is continually said here that Austria would again occupy the Danubian Principalities if any attempt should be made to force the Porte to agree to their union, but such bravadoes are highly imprudent, as they necessarily excite a spirit of opposition in other Powers, It has been said in some of the French newspapers that the Paris Cabinet has requested Austria to recall Baron Prokesch from Constantinople, but the assurance has been given me that the statement is incorrect. The Austrian Internunclo went beyond his instructions, and has probably received a sharp rebuke from his Government for doing so, but there is no question of his recall. According to official telegraphic despatches, yesterday received from Constantinople, nothing was known in that city tending to confirm the assertion of the Pays thiat Lord Redcliffe was about to quit his post. The noble Lord, like his Austrian colleague, somewhat overshot the mark, but it would be a pity if his country thould be deprived of his tervices at such a critical moment. If Lord Redcliffe should qlIit Constantinople the Tanzimat would to a certainty remain what it now is, a dead letter. It has created a very great sens3tion at Constantinople that the first-class of the Medjidie Order has been given to Prince Vogorides, the Kaimakan of Wallachia. Reliable information has reached this city from Bucharest that Baron Talleyrand now meddles as little with the Wallachian and Moldavian elections as Sir H. Bulwer or M. de Basily, the Russian Commissioner. As you have probablv learnt from yourBucharest correspondent, a considerable number of Boyards have sent a petition to the Sultan praying him to depose the Kaimakan, Prince Ghika, whom they accuse of having employed funds belonging to the convents for " electioneering expenses." The Holstein Estates met at Itzehoe on the 15th inst. Fifty Deputies were present, the great majority of whom are strongly opposed to the policy of the Danish Government. M. de Levetzau, the Royal Commissary, opened the sitting with a speech, in which the Estates were assured that His Majesty the King of Denmark was willing to do everything "that was possible" to satisfy them. When he had concluded his address to the Deputies M. von Levetzau laid before them a draught of aeon' atitution for the Duchy of Holstein. The draugbt wVs in substance as follows -The Duchy of Holstein is for its " special affairs" to have separate laws and a separate administration. The affairs which concern the Duchies of Holstein and Schleswig in common are mentioned in the Royal rescript of January 28, 1852, and are :-The University of Kiel, the equestrian order (Bitterschaft), the Eider Canal, the fire insurance offices, the penitentiaries, the Deaf and Dumb Institution, and the Lunatic Asylum. The sovereign power of the " King-Duke " will, in matters which exclusively concern the Duchy, be exercised by a " Minister for the Duchies of Holstein and Lauenburg." All those Royal ordi. nances on legislative and administrative matters which exclusively concern Holstein must be countersigned by the Minister for Holstein and Lauenburg. The above-mentioned Minister is to be responsible for his acts. The Judges of the province cannot be dismissed from office except for ill conduct. According to the tenth paragraph, no new laws can be made in Holstein or the old ones changed without the consent of the Provincial Assembly, but the very next says, that " in cases of emergency" the King-Dukle can make provisional laws without the consent of the Estates. On the 17th inst. the draught of the Constitution was referred to awCommittee, which will probably send in its report to the Assembly on the 24th inst. It is generally believed that the draught will belrejected by the Holstein Estates, as many of the Deputies are of opinion that the Constitution offered them is not such a one as they are entitled to. Tho Prassian Government, on the 6th of July, gave the Danish Government to understand that it was dissatisfied with the explanation which had been givenl of its iLtentions towards the Duchies, and there is reason to believe that the Berlin Cabinet spoke for the Imperial Government as well as for itself. It may be considered certain that the Emperor of Russia will be at Berlin again in the course of the next month, but it is by no means probable that the Emperor of the French will go there to meet him. The Kreuz Zeitung has learned that the two monarchs are likely to have an interview " at some place in the south-west of Germany," but it is evident that it has no great confidence in the source from which the intelligence was derived. According to advices from Dantzic three Austrian schooners are expected there, but it is not likely that any vessels of war will sail from the Adriatic to the Baltic at this season of the year. It is by no means certain that the convention between France and Baden relative to the construction of a new bridge between Stras burg and Kehl will meet with the approval of the German Diet, which on the 27th of February, 1832, resolved that no " standing" (massive) bridges should be constructed across those rivers which form the boundaries of the federal territories. A traveller, who has just come from Venice, informs me that the Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian and the Archduchess Charlotte were extremely well received oli the 16th inst. It attracted general notice that there were no military " hedges" formed from the landing-place to the Palace, as is usual on such occasions. The fact is, that the GovernorGeneral of Lombardy is well liked, and would be extremely popular, if it were not generally known that he is one of the principal protectors of the Ultramontanists. On the 14th iust., the nobile Alessandro Marcello took the oaths as Podest4 or Burgomaster of Venice. During the last week there have been violent storms in this part of Europe, and the temperature is much lower than is usual at this time of year. Within the last 48 hours Credit Bank shares, at 200fl. per share, have fallen 18fl. (11. 16s.) Government Stock, on the contrary, is unusually firm. TURKEY. A telegraphic despatch in the Word, dated Vienna, the 21st inst., says:- i' The Turkish Ambassador has received a defpatch from his Goverranent, which he has communicated to Count Buol, and in which the Porte announces that it is willing to resume negotiations on the baais of the arrangements made at Osborne." ITALY. The Monitore Toscawso of the 18th gives a full account of the arrival of the Pope on the Tuscan territory on the 17th:- " On reaching Filigare, the first Tuscan frontier village, His Holiness was complimented, in the name of the Grand Duke, by 'he Hereditary Prince and the Archduke ChArles, accompanied by ileutenants Mediol and SilvatioL The Apostolical NLuncio and the Superintendent of the Postoffice were also present. The Pope was then conducted by the Princes to the Villa delle Marohere, belonging to the Marquis Carlo Gerini, one of the Grand Duke's officers. There the Pope found the Grand Du7ke and Grand Dachess, the Dowager Grand Duchess Maria FerdinaLda, the Aroh- duchess Anna, the Count and Countess of Trapini, Prince Ferdinando Strozzi, and other distinguished personages belonging to the Comrt. Hiis Holiness was conducted to the chapel, where the hymn of Tantume ergo was chanted. A number of the population of the environs having assembled before the villa, the Pope gave them his benediction from the terrace. A certain Dnmber of persons belonging to the Marquis's estabUlhnment were then admitted to kiss the Pope's slipper. His Holiness dined with the Grand Duke, there being 36 guests at table. The Grand Duke and the Princes then left for Florence, at 6i p.m. In the evenig the Pope again blessed the paople from one of the highest points of tha park, which was splendidly illuminated at nightfall!" The Pope set out for the Villa Guicciardii dellaPietra on the followinrg morning.
STATE OF INDIA. TO THE EDITO'OF THE TMIMES. Sir,-The columns of your journal have been so liberally and opportunely opened to remarks of various kinds having reference to what has been doing in India, and what ought to be done, that you will, perhaps, admit the following brief observations, proceeding, as they do, from one who has for many years lived in personal and secluded intercourse vit the natives of India, and who caa therefore speak with some confidence of their habits of thought and motives of action. Whatever hands may have provided the explosive ma. terials or applied the match, it is certain that the pretext for the unexampled cruelties which have covered the united kingdom with mourning is founded upon an alleged insult to their religion, and, availing themselves of this, they have displayed a ferocity so fiendish that the foulest imagination of the foulest mind seems unable to overtake the reality. I trust that these great criaes wi3l have the effect of demoastrating to the people of England that our rule has for a long time been one of well-meant but mistaken lenity, lenity bordering on apusiUlanimous apprehension of vigorous Intervention. Both in the army and the civil service it has been for years the shortsighted ambition of GovernorsGseneral to introduce a repressive system of centralization, which has gradually been changing the wholesome system of I cal msnagement and local responsibility into one of haughty and jealous mistrust at the seat of power. The con. a -quence of this has been, as it always must be, to alter the relations of discipline between subordinate and superior. It is unhappilywell known that the privileges and prejudices of the natives Sepoys, especially in Bengal, have been scrupulously provided for. while the European soldier has been deliberately neglected. Some years ago, in a part of the ceded districts, a young civilian, endeavouring to moderate the animosity produced between a party of Mahomedans and Eindocs on the celebration of rival festivals, was murdered with circumstances of savage ferocity by the Mahomedan party, and his body sent, pierced with wournds, to his vvife. When the offenders were tried the judge, a man of peculiar amiability and undoubted rectitude, thought it consistent with his duty to give them the advantages of all the refined scrupulosities of the English bar. The keen observation of the native mind detects with the readiest appreciation these administrative barometrical changes, and gathers together with consummate skill and intelligence every ingredient that can be made tributary to his purposes. A relative of mine was told by a Malhomedan about five years ago that there was a prophecy excerpted from the Koran, declaring that the rule of the Feringy in India was fast approaching its termination. The first return step, therefore, towards a sound government in India is to invest all heads of departments, civil and military, with extensive powers, and to discourage appeals to central authorities. Colonel Sykes and Colon,el Macdonald have with consider able ability discussed the question of the retention of a native army. The arguments, I think, are unquestionably for such retention. Colonel Macdonsld forgets that his reasoning would at once annihilate the armies of Bombay and Madras, which have hitherto stood with unshaken alle. giance to the English. There must be in a3l countries, and particularly in India, a vast number of unsettled men, whose occupation from generation to generation nas been that of arms. We should do an incalou. able injury to ourselves if we were to allow snuch a restless phalanx either to fall into the ranks of freebooters or to engage in the service of foreign Powers. It is not that we need be afraid of a native army, but we ought to fear having in our service a native army that we cajole and pamper, and who, if they had on this occasion managed their affairs with the commnonest prueence, would have been by this time masters of Calcutta and Elindostan. We must have an army recruited anew from all ranks, and from which caste must be inexorably banished. We must have a strong corps of officers, whose home is to be their regiment and who are to be encouraged to associa te with the native officers. We must eschew the general p ractice and startling anomaly of denuding the regiIments for the purpose of making civilians of our officers and, above ull, take care that every officer in the servic speaks the native language fluently. If these conditions had been attended to it is absolutely certain, humanly speaking, that no rebellion could have occurred. I am, Sir, your obedient grvant. SPECTATOF.
CAFFRE TROOPS FOR INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the letter of General E. Napier, and others recommending the formation of a Caffre corps for the East, it is not mentioned that the Dutch hold their Indian colonies chiefly by Caffre forces-aud most efficient they are foundOf the warlike prowess of the Caffres we have had ample experience in Africa, and the following recent testimony from the late Bishop of Grahamstown, Dr. Armstrong, is one of many that have been borne to the good qualities of the raew- " They seem to be essentiaUy a noble rare, noble Outwardly, noble se regards intelleotual power, and also as regards many moral qualities They are a happy, healthful. good-tempered people, not naturally cruel; even in time of war not more oruel than many ChrIItIan armies bave been even in modern ware. A Caffee's word is truth itelf;: the mnoment that peace is proclaimed, the EBglish traveller might joerusey from one end of Caifreland to another without the Elishtest ri,k. X our obedient servant, J. M
Lon0D DAROUSIE A statesmain in the prime of life, after seven or eight years of unexampled devotion to the public service-seven or eight years of unwearied assuiduity in the exhausting climate of India, now in the glare of the furnace of the hot winds, now in the steamy dampe of the rainy season-toiling early and toiling late, " scornin3g delights and living laborious days," combining the responsibilities of a despotio sovereign with the drudgery of a law-stationer's clerk returns to England with broken health, but with his strong, clear intellect unveakened, undimmed, to live the life ot a feeble valetudinarian He cannot serve the Sovereign who would summon him to her counoils. He cannot serve the nation -who would call him to ita aid. He cannot even crawl, supported on both sides, to his place in the House of Lords. At a time when every word which he might utter would be listened t. with breathless attention by his brother peers, aud r ported by every journal in the country with the ext-emest anplitude of leaded type, Lord Dalhousie is compelled, for dear life's sake, to betake himself to the hill. aides of breezy Malvern. Can we imagine a harder fate than that which conde;pns to silance such a men at such a t me? One hour of the old physical energy which he sacrificed in the servioe of his country would suffice to repel the corel insinuations which, partly in ignorance, partly in malice, are now levelled against himn-&zturday Bevtmew. TnE LNDIAN XAiL.-As anticipated in The Times of Monday last, the screw steamship Nubia, which brought the last Indian mail from Calcutta to Suez, made a remarkably quick passage. It was scarcely expected that the telto graphic summaTy would reaoh England before the 28th inst., whereas we were in receiptof the messageontbenight of the 21st. The Nubia made her passage from Calcutta to Suez on her previous voage, against the monsoon, at an average speedof 10;j knots the whole way, and going back, from Suez to Caloutta, with the monsoon, at an average speed of 12j knots, being the greatest average speed ever made by a screw steamer. On her last voyage she has, no doubt, done vequaly well, if not better. The Nubia belongs to the Peninsular and Oriental Steam. Navigation Company, and was built about three years ago, by Mr. Laird, at Birken. head. Sa uTHAxom, Saturday.-The steamer Vancderhilt, Captain Edward Higgins, left Havre and Cowes to-day for New York, full of passengers and cargo; she also carries out a small ship letter mail. Sunday.-The European aud American Company's steamship Queen of the South, Captain eal, arrived here from London this morning to be decked, for the purpose of being painted, prior to proceqd,ag with troops to India. The Belgiaa Royal mail Com'pany's steamship Costitution, Captain Pougin, has also arrived from Antwerp to be docked, before procenlug on her next voyage to New York,
THE LATE SrB HE2VRY LA WICE1E, K.0CB. Sir Hemny Montgomery Lawrence, whose death in a sortie beneath the -walls of Lucknow was announced in our columns on Saturday among the Indian intelligenoe, Wms a very distinguished oficer, of Irish blood and extraction, and oue of whom the sister island may feel justly proud He was the elder brother of Sir John Laird Muir Lawrence, E-C.B., at present Chief Commissioner of the Pnnjab, being the eldest son of the late Lientenant-Colonei Alexander William lAwrence, some time governor of Upnor 'Castle, who distineuished himself by his gallantry at Seringapatam. His mother was a daughter of the late Captain Knox, ofthe county of Donegal. He was bornir 1806 at Mattura, in Ceylon, and married (in 1837) Honoria, youngest daughter of the Rev. George MIarshall of Cardonagb, Ireland, bhtt was left a widoiwer in 1854 Having received his early education at the diooesan school of Londonderr-, and afterwards at the lRoyal Military College, Addiscombe, he entered the military service of the Hon. East India Company in 1821, having obtained a commission as a cadet in the Bengal Artillery. He soon acquired the reputation of one of the most able and intelligent offioe in the service, ancd, having seen some active service in the Canbul campaign under Sir George Pollock in 1843, he ass raised to the rank of Major. In the same year he became British Resident at NepauL He afterwards played a distinguished part in the campaigns on tho Sutlej, soeIx after which he was made a Military Companion of the Bath, and at the same time promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-ColoneL In 1846 he was appointed Resident at Lahore and agent for the Governor-General o'i the north-wetstern frontier. It was for his able service in the administration of this importaat office that he was made a KC.B. (civil) in 1848. In the following year he was ap- pointed by Lord Dalhonsie President of the Board for the| Reduction and Government of the recoently annexed province of the Panjab, where he increased the high opinion already entertained of his administrative talents by his friends and by the Government. In 1854 he obtsined therak of full colonel, and was also further nominated an honorary Aide-de-Camp to Her Majesty as a farther recognition of his meri,s. He was the author of an interesting volume, entitled Adrent2sres of an Officer in the &rrie of 2ursjsel kirngh. The ability and firmness which he had shown in checking the progress of the recent muntiny mnst be too fresh in the meamory of our readers to need repeating here, We will only add that in Sir Henry Lawrence the Indian servio a and the country have lost an officer whose head and hnd they could ill afford to spare in the present important crisi. But it is not only as a soldier or as an eminent civilian that Sir Henry Lawrencewill be missed hereafter, high as his character stood in both capacities. As a frank, open, honourable, and straightforward man, and as a generous and unselfish friend, he had few equals and no superior, so that his loss will fall quite as heavily upon private society in India as it wil upon the public service. As an instance of his generosity, it deserves to be recorded that for many years, while drawing a handsome revenue from his official employments, he devoted all that he could spare of his yearly salary to the foundation of an asylum for the orphan children of European soldiers, which bears his name, and will long stand as a memorial of his good deeds on the hills between Simla and Umballah.
THE LATE SIB HENRY BARYAX D. iieutenant-Gene:&l Sir Henry William Barrd, K C.B., whose death by dysentery before the walls of Delhi is re. ported by the telegraphic despatch from the East which appeared iu our columns on Saturday, was a son of the late Pev. William Barnard, LL.B., of Water Stratford, Bucks, by the daughter of the late IY!r. MToore Disney, of Church. town, county of Waterford. He was born at Wedbury, Oxfordshire, in 1799, and reoeived his early education at Westminster School alad at the Roysl Military College of Sandhurst. He entered the army in 1814 as ensign, and served for many years in the Grenadier Guards. In 1815 he became attached to the staff of his ancle, the late Sir Andrew Barnard, while he held the command of the British forces in Paris; and in 1819-20 we find him acting as aide-de-camp to Sir John (afterwards Lord) Keane, during his command in the West-udies. From 1847 to 1852 he was employed as assistanti.diutant-General in the northern district, and commanded the South Wales district from 1852 to 1854 In the latter year he was sent out to the Crimea as Major-General commandi g one of the Brigades. He subsequently became Chief of the Staff in the Crimea under General Simpson, and held that post up to the date of the appointment of General Windhba. He also commanded a brigade for a short time before the close of the late war. In 1856 he was made a Knight Commander of the Bath, and was appointed to the command successively of the troops at Corfu and of a divison at Shorn_ ciffe and Dover; he was finally placed as Major-General on the staff of the Bengal army in November lst, when he proceeded to India. He suoeeded to the'command of the troops before Delhi in June last on the sudden death of General Anson, whom he has followed to the grave after an interval of scarcely four weeks' duration. General Barnard married in 1828 a daughter of the late Brigadier James C. Craufard.
?MB. ALBBRT SMITH. Wben the doors of the Egyptian-hall are closed the London season may be deemed fairly over. Even the orator of Mont Blanc wants repose after nine months' solid "eutertaining," and as Soptember approaches London will get empty. Accordingly, on Saturday last Mr. Albert Smith took leave of his patrons by the delivery of the following speech:- " And now, ladies and gentlemen, I have once more to bid you good-bye; and in the few words I have to offer, I have thought that some few facts connected with the entertainnent which yon have been pleased to support so long would be more interesting to you than an elaborately-prepared address of the conventional fashion. I took the Egyptian-hall in February, 1S52, and so little opinion had I at that time of my subject, or my own powers, that I only engaged the room for a few wee"s, and of these neasly a month w as spenlt in putting it In order, for a sucoession of cheap exhibitions had left the building in a most disre3atable condition. I gave my first entertainme,nt on the 13th of March, 1852-five years and a-half ago,-and to-night is the 1,744th time I have had the honour of aDpearimn before yoa consecutively, and in the same room. I believe that this success has been in a ereat degree owing to several reformis I introduced bere, which the larger places of public amusement might follow with advantage. In the very first week of the entertainment an application was made to the box-office to know what percentage I would allow to the libraries on the stalls. I told them none at all-that if they wanted the stalls they must take them at the box-office like other people, and at the usual prce. They said, 'Oh! if Mr. Smith thinks he can get on without the libraries he is very much mistaken' I found, however, that I did not make the mistake they anticipated. I was afterwards told that a great many persons would take stalls at a library, where they could bave them put down in their bills, instead of at a box-office, where they would have to pay ready money; so I thought I would prevent somebody from being out of poclret. My next reform was at Christmas, 1852, when I abolished, as far as my establishment was concerned, the ' press order system. All the first-class papers approved of my determination, and admitted that, even to themselves, the distribation of orders had become a nuisoace. Some of the weekly journals accused me of discourtesy to the press. This intention I utterly repudiate. Any gentleman connected in any way with the literary or artistic portion of a newspaper has always reeeived my first and best attention ; but I would not have the general character of my audience lowered by a quantity of sometimes dirty and doubtful people into whose hands a press order had passed, from one to another, until the last possessor had no more to do with the paper he was supposed to reDresent than I have with the woolsack. I set my face dead against all the extortions of those ftuttering harpies who infest our tbeatres and keep so many thousands out of them. I allowed no charge for tbling places-none for showing you into those places-none for bills, nor programmes, nor any attentions generally which you had a rignt to demand; and in arranging the seats, I took care, persenally, to see that every visitor had room to stretch his legs, a well-ventilated atmosphere to breathe, aud a clear viewr of whatever might be going On. I consider the price of admission, once paid, eentitles the public to every possible adjauct to their comfort or oonvenience that can reasonably be wished for or expected. Those of my audience who care for figaes may be interested in hearing that my rent here is nearly 600g. a-year; that the working expenses of the entertainment are 751. a-week; and that the cost of producing the yearly alterations for a new season has never been under 500l.; indeed, in 1854, when the Oberland and the Sinplon were brought ont, and the Swiss decorations built in the room, I spent nearly 1,000 before a farthing came back again. I mention these facts gainst the abosurd satements I have seen both in the English and Aerican papers of the enormous fortne I have maide here. Lot me briefly state what are my intend tions for the winter. I start the day afterto-morrow to collect new materials; and my route will be through what I may term the 'pfopular Switzerland'-by Zurch, te Bigi, Lucerne, and GSindelwald, to Chamouni, and thence over the Great St. Bernard (where my excellent old friends the monks have got a pup for me) to Genoa. I shall then take sbip for N'aples ; and I hope that in Pompeii, ia the Blue Grotto at Capri, and in the Grotto del Cane and on the smmnit of the crater of Vesavius (which has been rather turbulent and unsettled lately), I may find something to beguile the long evenings of the ensuing winter. I only hope, after my visit, that everybody will not go scrambling up Veruvius, as they did up Mont Blanc, until the subject is utterly vulgarized and spoilt. The Rhine will go off in a cart on Monday to Mr. Phillips, who will give it his greatest ears, and put it in propoer order for the opening night. My old friend and colleague, Mtr. William Beverley, is already planninlg the safest direction for the lava to take when it flows down from Vesuvius * and although he cannot consistently mnake the mountain open and disclose all those bevies of beauties be can SG iell collect and arrange, yet he thinks that the glare of the ernqutlon will display to grcat advantage a galaxy equpally fair, but among the audience instead of the red.firi. And now, until the middle of November, wishing yon all the health and spirits Lhope to |eoy m78olf, I buon,. 54y gratefully, good bye,
MEN AULIZ7A. TO THE }DITO; OF THE TIM&. Si-Ihe ead in T7he Tie,s of yseerday alethbsw; img the dgnature of a" aCorn ofoerm is the third paragmpb of which thler are an o3 pye the class of officers to wrh-i I beloeg, and I iowtr express y hope that ?ou WIll, with your woiairnll permit me throngh your columaa to ffer ome er,aTima on what this gentleinasays. "Commanding Officer of 3TtHI&glvestbslordtoI6daLstand that, under "ertain circnamtaoes, the lass o t lticl he belongs will no longer serve in the milita, nld t this force must then fall into the hands of offloems ofthe vy cn half-pay or retied from the soee, a clas with acF influence to bring men inco the militiaorto Tuli theni'wiia they have joined it, and having little interest in'thirregi uents beyond drawing their pay. Yrom thib ffEamahs of the character and usefulness of the gentlemen descred by, "Commanding Officer" I beg to offer my most m4uaified and indignant dissent. The retired offlcers of iherMy whose services have been soaepted and made soed ua of durng the late embodiment and the previous traiie the militis we probably many of theni (myel! e0rdvnl) too poor to be able to give their tinmeandlaixoftothe militia gratuitously; they cannot bear 'the 'iesvi expenses without pay, zad in most cases I w:ULbder. take to say they have well earned the remuneratior ther have received. With respect to their haint nob Jnfuencein drawing mento their standard, and main ni9ggool discipline in their regiments, I totally deny "Commanding Officer'sl assertion, and maintain that the country gentlemen have brought -very few men indeed into the militi*, auL that candidates for that force will go mnore villinglv and readilyto their oounty xegimentswhenthey know-hat-tbeir officers are well acquainted with the customs and uses of the army than when they find they are to be commanded by gentlemen as little acquainted with them as they aro hemEelves. I have already stated my opimion as to whether ihe claw of officerw so iliberally spoken of' by "Co-mirdding Officer earn their pay ornot, and will now take the liberty to express my opinion of the manner in which ma of the class of the writer of the paragraph I complain of -have earned theirs. I have never heard that any of these gentlemen did not look after their pay and take it, and many of them for very little servie performed, indeed; ana I have no hLet&tion. in sying that, while the officers of my clas did gebeally well earn and deserve their pay, many of "o ComsnMin Officer's" class did nothingto earntheirs, unlegtheyorcita good service to their country the having permittediheir names to stand or the muster-rolls. In resenting the illiberal remarks made by "O Comna4nd* ing Officer" to my class, I have great pride in acknowledging the honourable principle and feelixg which have ooiu under my own immediate observation since I have bemn in the militia, and I have no doubt that bya judicious mixtura of country gentlenmen and well selected officers of the army the militia may be brought to a sate of perfect efflencyand be made what this comuntry deeires and ought to lpve ; but if it is to faUl into the hands of such gentlemen as " Commanding Officer of Militia,"and to be disembowelled as it is now doomed to be by Lord Pnmure, why thsen the country vill have a militia that in the time. of M*ee will uSterly and completely fail to aAnswer their calL I have the honour to remnain. A RETIRED OFFICER OF THE ARMY AITD COMMA NT)T7'Ca (A1UP AR Af".1 Aug. 20.
JtrD'Gj LyxoE ix KArusAs.-Mr. Andrew Stewrt, editor of the SteubenviUle (Ohio) Union, rho has latelyeen travellingtKrough Kansas territory, arrived at Shis plwce on l\ionday evenKing, having left Leavenvorth cityF on Saturday night, the lst inst., and favoured us with parfillars of a fearhll tragedy enacted on riday night ad Satur. day morning in. that city. On Friday night, the 31st ulk. a man named Stephenis, Livng in Kansas city, came up te Leaven'worth city, and, 'while aspeeing around, 'went into a drinkin,g shop called the Ward House. The barkeeper. namned Baines, became very friendly, and fter getting 8te phens quite drunk propoaed a walk up the rive, ad took him to a spring on the bank of the Miissouri rir, just shove the Planter's House, where they were met and assaultd by two men, who demanded their raoney or theirUve. The barkeeper, Baines, gave his money up and ran off. When he got to the lower end of town he gave the alarmu tit a. man was being robbed up the river at the suring. Several parties of citizens immediately went up, and arrved on the spot just in t;ine to fid poor Stephens crawling ont of the river, his body and head all beaten and broised with atones |and clbs, and his chest and shoulders bearng sevea terr-. bJe stabs and cuts. The citizens ran to his assishace, hut the unfortunate vict,m, thongh struggling to speak, aos far gone, and preseutlydied, -withoult being able 'to ntffer a single hord abont the manner of his death or the names of his murderers. Sspicion at once n aighted upon the bar keeper BBa es, , a, so outraged 'were he peopde, tad violent the presunmpions of his guilt, that a posse of the citizens at once arrested and held himin close custody. Tha newas in the meantime spread ike ildfire al over he cityr, and the etcitee ent grew senpese asu iomediate trial of Baines was demanded, and finally it was agreed that le eshould he hug on the spot, withont judge or.jnryt A. frop S procured and put rotnd his neck, and already he 'was being drawn up to the limb of aun overhanring tree, 'when he expresded a wish to mhke a cofes-. ion f The crowdayeldednd let himdownttoitheoiur e. Ee said that he and tho men, oneonmed John Quarles, from Sonth Ca rolin, and the other called Knowlto,w had laid the plot by vhich Stephens ws robbed and murdnred, and that the same men had murdered snither cmn a short time before and thropwn the body into the misaomririver. Be stated also that he and the men Knowlton and Quanls belonged to an organized body of about 26 men, who l,ived end carried on tie business of robbing and murdering in Leavenworth city, on the island opposite the city, adin the towvns of Lawrence and Topeka. He then gave thenam of as many of the gang as he could remember to the authorities. As soon as Baines had finished his revelations he 'was committed to the calaboose, a one story stone building about 1G feet sauare. The crowd then went off in pursuit of Quarles andKnowlton, and in a short time had them arrested. Among the revealed conspirators was William Woods, the proprietor of the greater part of Leavenworth Island, -and regarded by his acquaintances as an honest man and good citizen. A party proceeded at once to arrest him,and,aftermaking a thorough search of his house, found S2,500 in counterfeit money, a lot of counterfeiting plates andother instrutzent4 and a knife and pistol belonging to the murdered man, Stepbens. At these conclusive proofs of the coretness of the confessions of Baimes the people were deeply noved, and. held counsel together in large and small parties during the whole night. We give the narrative ofT `Steowart. He says,-"I went to the mayor's office on Saturday m'orning, and found an immense crowd awaiting the result of the examination of Woods and Knowlton. Baines and Quares were in the calaboose. While the examination wa gomg on Judge Lecompte waz outside making a speecli, and expor-. tulating with the angry crowd in favour of law and order.. Tthe cry of 'Hang 'em. the -nmurderers ' arosefrequently from the mob, hut milder counsels seemed to be prevailing, 'when at once some one shouted, 'To the calaboose! to the claboose !' a,nd away a crowd of about DO maddened men started in that direction. The balance of the people followed after in smaller parties, leaving Judge Lecompts almost alone, and- the mayor's office relieved of itz throng of spectators. They had been gone about 15minutes, when I heard a !grest yell. I started after the crowd, and foloQwed itItothebank of;a creek which divides south and north Leavenworth, 'where there vws a steep bank, and on its edge a large elm tree. I reached the spot in time to see Quarle suspended from the tree, gras ping in the gonie of death at the rope 'which was around his neck, 'hile several of the mob w ere swinginlg on to his arms and legs, to-nialce hisa death sure. Hlis body had hardly ceased- its convuls;.ons when the shout was raised for Baine XThe rope ws plaed around his neck, and lie was led to the edge of the banxk, when some one of the citizens appeared by his side, 'and, with a watch in his hand, demande fiveminutes or fu4ber confessions. They granted it, when Baines said, if thew would let bim he awould show-them another malin-town who was conoerned in ihe operationa of the gang.- He 'wa W then taken to the calboose, but for somejvon did, not give satisf'ction to the peooe, and 'they de&mided his body to be returned to them. Jtdgeotnptoagain addressed the people, a*d witha s6e effedt 1bzr this3 semed to divide into two parties,, the one clamouring forie amngng of the prisoner, anda the 'other ,eman'p. trial for him. Marhal Denis, of the Teritor,ws alo pnent, amd though le exe-ted himsaf with iRllhs power,. coudd not mdntain his positionit the door of thiealiboose)' nor prevail on the crowdtodispeye., The wife of Banesi ,, tc appeared, and, inspired by the dngermus situation of her busband, took a heroic stand on-tbeentrni ,atdlendvonred by frantic threat.s and entreati3estotay the wrath of the popule. But all effort were svaUiZn ;the peac wy ere overpowered. Judge 1AoMpWa .vpce .iW wned by the shrieks of the mnob. Alagepiece of he timber, perhaps 25 feet long and one'foot n iqute,tht lying near, was lifted up by a aowd of -meh, an plunged with fearful effect against tAe door. The sght of the wife's distress san&ths s dw-ofther screams, mingled with the r ,s r of the infuiated mob, weretoomuch for iNe adterna eMrY bad, asnd lwalked away. Ihbeard'anoebilotro the piece of timber and a ainultaneous abodt f teerdwd, which told msthat the doorladgi,en wyd new was at the mercy of the people. I 'walked hstily aound Ys sa r for with all its teror there wasa famcntios h1ntlie sig and resaaceihe Wot jumst in kine ses fe 'o ruhing down the atreetwiththe Prisner toward the cre&eand the elm tree, I pursued, and when I reaohe(.-thepof the body of Baioes was already in the r, and bis last Oadth struggles were shivering along his limbs. !he crowd4 hen appeared to be satisfied, Woods and Knowlto'ameneaRwile, had been placed in an oninibusna a lutriea'ibf' to-the fort. The city continued -ery m3uch execitedl u to te)oerIleft, but no furtherviolenoe was antidptted: AlIortofaterieh prevailed, and many' of the mysterious disappearances and robberies which. iJve ooccurredinihe±erritory are a2I1iNg referred to this band of murderers." Two or more of the, gang have since been ilprehended and u W-X souri Democrat. ' . SAYlSGS-XAN7RS,--,0fl, the 20t,:pt yeagtber, 1S56, there were L34l0 depoators i Vinga 4 of whom L317,444 we;e in4ividual opes,in . 4 of 34,934,8541 The amount otf ;crinclpa_- nhseD t cav4ions and interest paid and .crediited to the truat.eae.-o 55,iag-. banks and friendly societies inoludijigt e i ltr 4* on the 26th 'of lNovember, 'was 74,801,6121, J;ha the auiout of principal and interest paid to the trustees 37,729,691 The amcount due to the trusRtees by the commissioners on the asia 20th of November was 37,07 ,92Z., and the -adue of tIX sestiges held b the c mWiuizrs ws 32,75AGtAY,
AMERICA. LIVEBPOOL, SuNDAY MoRNwG. The British and North American mall steamthip Europa, Leitch commander, from Boston and Halifax, arrived early this morning, with advices from the former pert to the 12th, and fom New York to the 11th, and by telegraph, rid. Halifax, to the 13th lisst. ; 59 passengers, $500,000 in specie for this port, and $300,000 for Havre. On the 12th inst. the Europa exchanged signals 'with a steamer going west, supposed to be the Bi itish and North American Royal mail steamship Canada, hence. On the 18th, in lat. 51 30, long. 38 24, passed a screw seamer going west, supposed to be the City of Washington, hence; i nat. 5148, long. 37 19, the bark Cleopatra, steerinug south'west; and in lat. 52 15, long. 35 35, the bark Agenoria, steering south-west. On the 21st, 50 miles west of Tory Isad, passed the bark A. S. 1111, steering south-west; and on the 22d, at 5 30 a.mn., off Lough Swilly, the American ship Rome, of Bath, from the Cly'de, showing a signal of distress, upon seeing which the Europa stopped aud took a Clyde pilot from her. At 4 45 p.m., passed the lRoyal mail steamship Asia, hence, boud west. The United States' mail steamship Fulton, from Havre and Southampton, had arrived at New York; and the British and North American Royal mail steamship Canada at Halifax. The Liverpool, New York, and Philadelphia Company's scBew steamship City of Baltimore, hence, hadralso airived at New York. The Canadim Screw-Steamship Company's steamohip Indian, hence, had arrived at Que' There was no news of general interest. The Washington correspondent of the New York !PriUne states that Lord Napier had informally s ounded the Administration with regard to the reappointnent of Consul Barclay. A letter from the late Vice-Consul Schedel had been filed, which went to show that there was false testimony as to Mr. Barclay's participation in the recruiting business. The United States? Government are said to have replied that it could not take the initiative in restoring Mx. Barclay to the position which he had lost. The New York Herald gives the following relative to the state of the election returns - "Incomplete returnsreceived at Nashville seem to 3mdigate the election to Congress of seven or eight Democratic jembers in Tennessee. The lection of Zollicoffer and Besdy is certain. The majority of Harris for Governor will exceed 10,000. Both branches of the new legiatuare will be Demoratc. In Misouri 50 counties bave been heard from, which give Major Rollins for Governor a majority of 4,72L In Wentuoky the eleotion in the third Congressional district is still undetermined. In the fourth Mr. Talbot, Democrat, is elected Returns from 26 counties in Iowa give a majority of about 3,000 in favour of the new consti. tation, which will be probably inrozeied by those to be heard from." Later despatches from Mvlissouri report that in 95 counties of that State Rollins, the Abolition candidate for Governor, had 300 majority, and it ws believed he was elected by 1,500 majority. The Congressional election in Nebraska had resulted in the choice of one of the several Democratic candidatea by a small majority. The Supreme Court of Newr York had granted a 'writ of certiorari on the application of Mrs, Canningham, returnable the followring day. at Bostonl four young ladies had been drowned while bathing. At Montreal the arris Cotton Factory, on the La Chine Canal, had been fired by an incendiary and totally destroyed. Advices at Boston, from Halifax, report that another French war steamer was on shore on the Labrador coast. The man-of-war previously on shore was a total wreck. The steamship Texas, from Vera Cruz, had arrived at New Orleans on the 11th inst. There was no news beyond the unanimous re-election of Comnonfort as President. Advices from St. Louis of the 8th report that Governor Walker had evacuated Lawrence on the 3d iust., with all the United States' troops except 40. The attack on Fort Reilly by the Indians was said to be the pretext for the measure. The constitution of Topeka had been adoped at Lawrence by 652 votes against 2. The Free-soil paty had triumphed over their opponents in the election of minor officers. In the New York money-market on the 10th, there was more activity, and rates of interest for all but temporary accommodation were a turn dearer. 3'oreign exchange was firmer, but inactive, at 109k to 1J9~ on London, at 60 days' sight; Paris, 6f. l6jc.;AXntwerp, 5f. 16 e.; Amsterdam, 41 to 41j; Hamburg, 3&i to 36g. Stocks had further declined; the sales were limited. Now York Centrals had declined i oompared with the closing rates on the 8th; Erie Railroad shares, J - Reading, i; Michigan Southern, 1I; Cleveland and Toledo, 24; Chicago and Loek Island, i,; Galena and Chicago, 1; La Crosse, 2i. Cotton was firmer, through foreign advices, but inactive, it being dificult to purchase at previotus quotations. For breadatuffs there was a better demand in the face of large receipts than for some days previously. State and Southern-Western flour firmer, with a good business doing. Southern dull, and mixed supers freely offered at $7 25c. to $7 40c. For super Canadas there was some demand, which could not be met at previous prices. Common to good Ohio extia were firm, and little could be had under $7. 200 barrels rye flour sold at $4 25c. to $5 75c. Wheat, with free supplies, had receded 2c. to 3c. per bushel on red, and was easier for white. The offerings of corn exceeded 200,000 bushels, and holders are compelled to give way le. to 2c. per busheL The pork-market had assumed the features of a retail business, holders insisting on full prices, and consumers only supplying their immediate wants. Small sales of mess made at $24 35c. to $24 40c., $19 o0c. to $19 60c. for prime, and $20 50c. to $21 for prime mess. Cut meats advanced in price ia consequence of scarcity. Shoulders in dry salt, at 114c ; hams, 12c. Lard firm, and stock in market ligat. Butter in light supply, but unchanged. Obeese moderately active. Spirits of turpentine lower. Common rosin much inquired after, and 'would have realized $1 90. Tar m moderate demand. Scotch pig iron at $29 50c. to $30 S0c. Freights to Liverpool 3s. for cotton, 2id. for corn in bulk; and 9d. per tierce for beef. To London-1,000 barrels rosin at 2s. (BY TELEGRAPH TO BOSTON.) NEW YORK, AUG. IL Stocks dull. Illinois Central Bonds, 99j; Erie, 32 ; Haarlem, 10; Reading, 70i; Galena and Chicago, 90i; New York Central, 82 ; Michigan, ditto, 84 ; Clarendon and Toledo, 53 ; Milwaukie and Mimissippi, 54; La Crosse and Milwaukie, 32a. Cotton firmer; sales, 500 bales. Flour firm, but less active ; aales, 4,700 bales; common to straight State, $6 45c. to $6 60c.; Southern extra dull and drooping. Corn firmer; sales, 45,000 bushels; mixed Western, 85 to 54; Southern, ditto, 84i. Pork steady; sales, 400 barrels; mess, $24 30c. to $24 45e.: prime, $19 1io. to $19 25c. Beef firm, repacked Ohicago, $17 50e0 to $19c.; prime mess, $SO to $32. Lard 15i to 15q per barreL Bacon inacive. Crude turpeztine quiet at $3 75o. Rosin firm at $1 90c. to S1 95c. Freights to LAvewpooLCotton, 3s.; flour, Td. to 9d.; grain, 2id. to 3d. (LATEST BY TELEGRAPH, VIA HALIFAX). NEW YOMK, THuusD&v, AU. 13 P.m. "The steamship Canada's advices from Europe were published here yesterday morning, and have imparted a firm feeling to our cotton-market, Breadstuffas to-day have been dull, and there is a downwbrd tendency on the corn-exchange. The money-market is firm and anactive demand prevails. The semi-monthly mail steamer from California, i the isthmus of Panama, arived here to-day, bringing about $1,250,000 in gold. The news from California prewent no feature of special importance. NEW ORLEANS, AuG. IL Oar cotton-market is very quiet, but prices are quite firm. The business odi the paat three days has been only 650 bales, and the receipts in the same period 230 bales. The stock on hand here is 21,000 bales, and the total receipts at this port now fall 239,500 bales ahort of the same time ist year. Corn dilfl. White wheat, $1 55c.; pork firm; Rio coffee elling at l1. to 11bc; holders demand aa advance. UuwSIA?N GuN.-On Thursday Lat the Rusian, C esented to the town of Stoke.u n-Trent by Loet *xaaroived. It bad previousi= mounted on a na.' a lcu arrIage, whieb was presentedo the town by Mr. .Mld.rmu COpesaud, MLP., one df the membersl of the 4h,eUi. The gun: u a .4poundev, nd with the cariag onl ..which it shands weighs nearly four tons. 0n te §eetre of the guan b a represeatats oftthe }esan eagle.
TEE UNITED STATBS. (BOX OUR OWlt OBORMPONDmT ) NEW YORIK, A.UG-U, Since my last letter I have availed myself of the usual torpid state of business and politics at this time of the year to make a ran t-hrough the NorthWestern States, in order to see with my own eyes the condition of the crops for this year, and be able to form a correct judgment of the prospects for the year to come. The commercial prosperity of England is scarcely more dependent upon the crops than is that of this country. Of cotton, which is of course the principal production for export, I have nothing to say, as the short run I have taken has not enabled me to form a personal judgment concerning it. Neither could any accurate estimate be formed at this time of the year. The results of that crop dependupon contingencies which happen later in the year, and which cannot be predicted. The grain crop, however, bears an equally important position in the roll of the national wealth of this co-untry, aiid oircumstances gii,7e it this year an unusually prominent place. lt is most intimately connected with the great railwayinterest of the West,wbich has absorbed so much of the capital of New York, London, and Germany, and whose deprension for the past year or two has excited such -vague alarm for the future of this country. The wheat-growing region may be said to comprise all the North-Western States. Less than 20 years ago Chicago, which is now claimed to be the largest exporter of wheat in the world, was an importer of flour for its own consumption. Now, all the States north of the Ohio are large grain producers for export. This change has been to a great extent brought about by railways, whbich have made the fertile lands of the interior accessible, and their crops valuable to the farmer. The railways of Western America have bceenX constructed with diferent objects from those of Enrope. They have been shot out from settled points of commerce into the unsettled interior, in advance of population, to open up the lands to the emigrant. Sometimes thi has been done with the aid of gigantic grants of wPd lands, as with the Illinois Central, in which casec the speculation becornes more of a Land speculation than a railway enterprise. In other cathe Ohio and M sippi, for instance -it has been undertaken without such aid, relying upon the through travel from large points for support until the country should become settled and producing. In either event, however, the transportation of the crop to market is regarded as the great source of revenue. A failure or a deficiency in the crops is felt in the receipts of every railway from New York to the Mississippi, and as much beyond that river as the steam-horse fmds its way. It cuts not only into the freight trafc, but into the passenger traffic also. The American farmer is a more locomotive animal than his John Bull brother, He loves travel for the sake of the motion, always keeping one eye out of the window of the car to spy a better farm than his own, and the other on his fellow-passengers to find a buyer for the latter. The same love of locomotion pervades the whole Western society-the tradaers who buy the produce -other traders who sell the farmers their tea and their coffee, and who depend in their turn for their money on the farmer's crop annd a good sale of it-and the wives and daughters of all of them-all like to traveL In following the railway receipts in the agricultural district to the sources of the traffic one is astonished at the amount that depends upon the crop. With a road heavily covered with debt, it makes the differenle between the shares being valuable and valueless. This year the land almost literally groan with the weight of the harvest. Everywhere, on every line of roed between here and the Mississippi, the story is the same. The deficiency in the returns of 1854, which the short crops of 1855 and 1856 had failed to supply, induced the old farmers to sow mora acres than before. Besides this a great deal of new land, especially in Illinois, was broken last year and the year before, and is now bearing wheat. The crop is now mostly harvested, and what is not got in is assured beyond danger. The result will be the largest wheat crop ever produced in this country. The hay has also been gathered, with similar result. The Indian corn (or maize), which plays an important part in the agriculture of this country, is more backward, but promises well if we have the usual hot suns in August and September. This result ought to do away with the panic that has affected the stock-market so incomprehensibly for the past six months. The idle fears have been kept alive by constant assurances from interested quarters that the whole railway interest of the country was rotten; that it was mismanaged even to fraud; that the cost of construction v-as swelled to such an amount as to preclude dividends on the capital; that railway mortgages were valueless to the holder, of the bonds; that this, that, or the other wellknown road was not worth the first mortgage; and other similar statements calculated to excite timid persons. It is quite true, as I have several times said, that some of the leading lines have beea grossly mismanaged. But this does not justify the apprehensions that I am assured are felt in England concerning the whole railway property of this country. It has, indeed, received a salutary check in the falling off of traffic during the pasti ea; but that it is tumbing to pieces, or is all worthless, or is all fraydulently managed, are absurd tatements iun the face of the growth of the country through which they pas s, the great increase in traffic, and the numberyof persons interested in secutring a honest adminiostraton. This unprecedenoted yield will ao have a most beneficial indluence upon the general business of the country. Had the result been the other way be should have seen very severew ties the comnin autumn. The jobbing houses of New York Philadelphia, and Boston have immenlse amounts owring them at the West, the paymenb of which all depends upon the crop. The Western people, int their turn, are msuch deeper than they ought to be in lanld speculations, in which they have contrived to absorb too much of their active capital. The crop gives the means of making up the deficiency, and goes far towards relieving the serious apprehensions that have been for some time entertained concerning the autumn trade. Whether much will be exported is doubtful. But if there is no demand for export the great immigration of the ye&r makes a new home demand equally great, besides making a repectable figure in the national balance-sheet. A single banking house of this town has had emigrants' credit granted on it this year to the amount of nearly 200,0001.; and there are others to nearly or quite the same amount. While I was at St. Louis an election took pla^e of unusual importance and interest-the election of a State Governor, on the issue of ema,ncipation or non-emancipation. Missoulri was admitted as, a Slave State in 1820, after a long controvers, which resulted in the Missouri compromise that was repealed by the Kanzss Nebraska Bill, and declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Cour int tbe Dred Scott cas. For some timeo slavery flourished and wax profitable, but of late years the opinion has ben gaining ground that the Stat is better suited to free than to slave labour, sad that sldavery retards the developement of its groat mineral resources. Especially since they began to construct railwrays within its borders, and since the movement towards Kan& andf Nebraska, the antis lavery element has greatly increased. Last year the c ity of st. Louis elected a Repablioan to Congress, Ibeing th,e only anti-slavery representative from the Slave Siates. This year the election for GEovernor in the State turned upon the question of the possible ultimate emancipation of the slaves, for no party yet brings for .vard a definite scheme for the purpose. The anti-slavery leader was a slaveholder withsa plantation of " niggers;" the Pro-slavery party was represented by the president of a railway, with neither plantation nor niggers, There was less exeitement thau I should have looked for under the circumstances-much less than here last year, where slavery is but an obstruction, and negroes rare nuisances. With the exception of a few torchlight processions of noisy boys preparatory to an out-of-door evening meeting for the purpose of listening to stump speeches firom the candida tes I saw notbing indioatig any feeling in the important struggle, and on the day of the election, as a stranger, I ahould not have lnown that anything unusual was going on. Yet it was really one of the most important and interesting elections that have ever taken place in the country, following, as it does, upon the great excitement of last year, when the Soath presented so united a front. It is the first sign of the giving way of the non-planting States to the impetus of Northern sentiment imd enter|rise. We do not yet know the result hera. Mf1ey, howeyer, that there can be little doubt of he election of the Pro-slavery candidate, as his opponeat wi.mt out of tba* city of St.Louix wikh only 1,600 majority. Should isaoiri eventaUiy become free the South would lose and the North gain two votes in the Federal Senate. It seem also, to be pretty well conceded that Kanzas will be fre. The effort now is to make it Democratic at the eame time. Mrs. Cunningham is determined not to be outdone by Madeline Smith. Dr. Burdell haning been safely put in his grave and herself acquitted, she turned her attention towards securing hiss property by establishing a marriage. The friends resisted, upon the ground that the alleg,edmarriagenever took place, the man representing the Doctor being some unknown person. While this was gomg on she gave out that she was with child, atd from week to week and month to month exhibited the ordinary appearances of gestation. Lastweek was the time selected for the birth. To give an appearance of reality to her sufferings, the resolute woman ate cuoumbers until she brought on a cholic, anid was in due time delivered of afresh-borninfant that had been brought from the lying-in-hospitalfor the purpose,-so says the Government case, eatab lished by strong proof,-for one of her physicians had played traitor, and the Government were aware of every atop in the game.
THS 4TALANTIC OABLE. TO T}E EDITOR OF THE TIME. Sir,-In respect to the unforunate fracture of theAtlnutc telegraphic cable and the delay that has attended it, I with all deference beg to suggest the following plan of operations ae the one beet calculated to effect the permaneat laying of the entire length of the cable, viy. :-Let tha Agamemnon and Niapra prooeed to the centre of the proposed line, each of thease ships haviDg one fourth of the entire length; a third steaier havung also a fourth of the cable on board, to be stationed at Valentia Bay; and a fourth steamer with the remaining quarter statioDed at the terminusat Newfoundlahd, and at a given time that may be agreed on the Agamemnon and Niagara to sink the cable in the centre, and to pay out the same each in opposite direct lines to a given latitude and longitude-say one-fourth the distanoe of the entire length for eawh ship ; and the steamers from the respective shores tostartat the same time,eachwitlf their portions to meet the centre ships at the givenn redezvous; durng the time of the several eteamers paying out their portions, the two oentre ships to keep up constan telegraphic communreatrous wfith each other, and the samue to be observed by the steamers with the land and when the two centre ships have each met the steamers fromi the shore the ends to be joined and still kept on board until the entire communication is found to be complete. In the event of either of the stemers arriving at the rendezvous before that which is appointed to meet her, if the length of cable on board her still unpaid out will warrant her proceeding to mest the expected steamer, then let her iroceed in a given parallel of latitude till she joins her, and t would be well if the wbole fcur sAeamers could proceed ia given parallel of latitude to pay out their respectives portions. I would here remark that it will be for the directors to determine what additional portion, if any, of cable, over and above the fourth part in each teaxmer, should be carried by them, with the view of any of them procecding util the appointed steamer is joined, as in the event of either of the steamers being more fortunate than the others in making progress, I conoeive it would lessen the risk by her proceeding as above with the same fortunate result. The advantages arising from this plan would be, that if either of the centre ships parted with the cable the other ship would hold on her end and have such applianoes on board as the engineers might suggest for the purpose of rsunning up the cable to the tracture, and thus make the JuLnotion good, a spare steamer being inreadiness at each shore to do a similar duty in case of need. By these means I calculate that the cable may be safely laid down in one fourth the time, and the risk of unfavourableweather (a great consideration) proportionately lessened. For, if I correctly understand the engineer's report, as it ap. pears in your impresmion of yesterday, the Niagara paid out, say in 84 hours, 335 miles of cable, and four steamers woutld in the same ratio pay out 1,340 miles; from these resnlts it might he ascertained with some degree of certainty what time would be occupied in completing the entire line. As regards the plan proposed by one of your cormspondents, to pick up the cable in case of fracture by means of a steamer following in the wake of the one paying out tue cable, with a ring through which the cable was to ran, I respectfully state that this plan occurred to myself some dals before his ietter yrpeared in your pper (though I did not make it public), and this I oould I necessary satisfactorly prove; bht in discussing its merits I conceived that the flexibility of ths cable, added to the strain caused by its submersion, woould be such as to " bite" i;A the ring, and cause such a strain ia consequence as to endanger the safety of the cable it was formed to protect; and after reading the en- ,ineer's report I find the difficulty would be further increased by the impossibilitsy of thte steamer following the same angle eas the cable, and would no doubt inl mny instances be going in a directi line againsti it, or, in nautical language, ho getting it athwart hawAse of the steamer. The >,at of the engineer's report t;hat confrms my view of this "The strain was then raised to 25 owt, but the wind and sea increasing, and a curreni at same time carring the cable at an angie from the direct line of the ship' course-"~ lf Had tbis communication been made previous to the engineer's report it might have been open to the doubts previously entertained that vessels could not lay in deep water without continuin; to pay out the cable, which the late trial satisfactorily proved to the contrary, a material point iu favour of the foregoing suggestion, as relates to the meeting of the several ships at the fixed points in case it Is found desirAble for the steamers to wait the rival of each other, Should you conceive the foregoing entitled to a place in your next pubhcation, its insertion would oblige, Sir, M. IAverpool, Aug. 2L
Tim PREMNSULAR Mkms.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Euxine, Captain J. Weeks, with the Peninsular mails, in charge of Lieutenant Payan, R.N, .arived at Southampton yesterday morning. Sheleft Gibraltar on the 35th inst.; Cadiz, 16th; Lisbon, 19th; Oporto, 20th; and Vigo, 21st. On the outward voyage the Euxine experienced light breezes and fine weather; homeward, vAriable airs and thiok, foggy weather from Gibraltar to Vigo, strong breezes from the eastward across the Bay, and from Ushant, moderate breezes with hazy weather. The Euxine brings 31 first-class passengers, eight second. class, and one deok; and on freight seven packages of specie, valre 2,0901. sterling, 110 boxes of tomatoe3, 274 half-chest3 of lemons, five baskets of onions, 13 packages of drugs, 2 casks of wine, 14 boxes of eggs, and seven packages of sundries. At noon on the 21st inst. the Eusine spoke the company's stearaer Sultan, with the outward mails, steering out of Vigo Bay, and the same day a Sparish frigate, name unknown, off the port of Vigo. Lisbon advices by the Baxine ae to the 19th inst. The Prince of Orsngs had landed from one of the Datch ships, and proceeded to Cintra upon a vit to the King of ±Portugal Sir Morton Peto was negotiating the definitive contract for his projected railway between Lisbon and Oporto. Agents from the Count de Reus were also in treaty vaith the Government for a railway concession from Oporto, to join a line projected from Vigo to Madrid. A decree had been issued appoiting the 20th of September for the election of 22 new members to fill v4cancies in the House o' Deputies, which is to meet agamn in November. TLisbon exchanges for three months are quoted as follows :-London, 54; Paris, 526; Amsterdam, 42ki; Hamburg, 48i; and Genoa, 525. Tr3un. actions on the contbient were limited to trifles on Paris and Hamburg. The Brazil maile had not brought much Lon. don paper, and, as neither bills nor money were abundant, some holders asked 531, and takers 54i, though little or nothing was done except at 54d. Stocks are auoted somewhat lower, with a dull market. Three per Cents. Regis. tered, 46i to 4741; Coupons, 464 to 4S. ; Deferred, 28.3 to J; Batik of Portugal shares, 8A to 9 per cent. premium; and Bank of Oporto shares 20 per ceat. premim. THE ART TREASURES E ITLON.-The atteidance of visitors during the past week has been very large, the daily returns being as follows:-Mond&y, Aug. 17, 1k,589; Tuesday, 18th, 8,520; Wednesday, 19th, 10,988; Thursday, 20th (halifcrown day),6.850; Friday, 21st 6 3299 Saturday, 22d, 20,610; total, 64,886. Of thi larg 'toa so fewer than 56,465 wera paying visitors The ex- n,ient of a reduced rate of adminiion to the i -libitio0 on the Saturday afternoon has been so satisfactory that the Executive Committee have decided upon its continuanoe for three more Saturdays, The working classes, not only by their attendanco in large num. bors, but by the niost orderly conduct aJd'iinmistakeabie signs of plsure, have evidenoed their apprecation of the [angzuwent whioh has brought the wonderfal collection at' Old Traflord within the rch of their zuea. On Saturday lst 16 275 persons entered the building after 2 o'dock, at the reauceo charge of sixpeace. Among them were 2,000 of the hands of Mesrs. Horrocks, Miller, and Co. of Preaton, and upwards of 800 of the mechanics in the espoloyment of Messrs. Fairbairn vad Sons, the eminent engineers bir. Thomas Fairbairn, who is the heard of that firm, is the chairmen of the Exhibition Commuittee, and it was under. stood in the building on Saturday that the workpcople were indebWd to that gentleman's liberality for the visit. We learn with the utmost satisfaction that the committee are circulating cratuitously large numbers of guides to the Exhibition, 'ritten in the simplest language, and pointing out to the operatives the principal objects worthy of examiation. Ex=sivz ToBAco Smzum.-A man named Charles Kerley was brought before the borough magistrates at z.outhampton on Saturday morning on a chare of having been engaged in, smuggling 1,6441b. of tobacco. The sizure was effected by an extra man in the service of the Customs named Atkins, under the following circumstances: -Atkins, who resides at Shirley, about a mile from Southampton, was on his way into town about 8 o@dock on Satur- dxy mornig, when he saw a waggon having a name on it - and marked Landport" turn the corner of the road, and, bis suspicions being excited, he foUowed it for somedistance. The weggon tarned into a road caled Bargate-street, and when -within a hundred yards of the tollgate Atkin8 walked ahead and ordered the gate to be shut, When the waggon came up to the gate he a&ked the two menu who were with it if they had any liquor or tobacco, and they replied in the negative. Atkins said he Dmust look, and jumped up into the waggon, and on opening a hale hefound it to contain tobacco. He took the wnen in custody and left them in the parlour of the tolihouse in charge of the gatekeeper, while he brought the waggon through the gate, but they contrived to get out and nu away. Atkins pursued them and succeeded in catching one of the men, and took the wsaggon and tobacco to the Customhouse, where it was lodged in the ueen's warehouse.
FRANCE. (FaOMA OUE OWN COB$ESPONDZNT.) PARIS, SATURDAY, AU. 22. A letter received here to-day from Jerusalem of the 1st inst. annomnces that disturbances had taken place in the neighbourhood of that city, attended 'with serious loss of life. It appears that the turbulent factions in that country had taken advantage of the prolonged absence of Surreya Pasha, the Turkish Governor, who was at Djennin, the northern boundary of the province, and a sanguinary collision had taker. place at the very gates of Jerusalem. 22 men and two women were kdllei. The peasants fought with great desperation, armed with swords, contrary to their usual custom. The mountaineers in the suburbs of Jerusalem had become greatly excited, and the inhabitants of the adjacent villages were preparing to take part in the quarrel. It was feared that in a few days the conflagration would become generaL Abou Gosh, an iafluential chief, was raising men among the Djeddours, and was capable of giving the Turkbsh authorities much trouble. There is a battalion of 600 Bashi-Bazouka at Jerusalem. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. loc_ for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-alf per Cents. at 93f. 50c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,448f. 75c.; Graat Northern, 872£. 5oc; Strasburg, 692f. 50c.; New Shares, 675f.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 905f.; Western of France, 725a£; Bordeaux and Cette, 647!. 50c.; Great Central of France, 615f.; Lyons and ueneva, 680f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 965f.; Austrian Railways, 666. 25c.; Russian Railways, 516f. 25c. Cours Au ntqu-PAns, Aug. 22.-Cah PrimeFou-sd- --l per Oents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. SOc.; Three per Centa., 67f. 5c.; Bank of ranoe, 2,780f 2,775L.; ditto (275f. paid), 2,780. 2,77df.; Cradai Fonder, Obligations of 500, Four per Cents., 427f. 50o. 430f.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Centg., 87. 500.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., sof.; Cr6dit Mobiluer, 965i.; Digosunt Bank, 675f. 672f. 5. ; Piedmnonten Five per Cents., 89f. 50c. 90f.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per CCnts, 99i; ditto, Three per Cents., 57; Rente de Naples (Rothschild), 1094; Romaus, 87; Spaish Interior Debt, 376 j; Thit3h. Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 63i. exohnp on London, at sght, paper, 25f. 20c.; money, 25f. 20c.; the mcaihs, paper, 241. 82jc. ; money, 24f. SOc.
THE DAN IBIAN PRIi-CIPALXIPIES. (FRox ora OWN eOseOaDxrT.) BUCHAREST, Auo. 12. As every one hoped, the French Emperor's visit to England promises fair for the arrangement of the difficulties which have arisen in the Principalities, thanks to the violence of the Ambassadors at Constantinople. Yesterday atelegraphic message arrived from this latter plare, announcing that M. Thouveuel, the Freuch Ambassador, had received orders to put off his departure, as there was every chance of the French and English Governments coming to an understanding on the existing difference. | Nobody could doubt for one moment that as soon as the affair was taken out of the hands of irritable Ambassadors it could be easily arranged; it required only a little fairness and common sense to remove all the obstacles which seemed to have blocked up the way of the Commission. I Before even this latter went to the spot I pointed out the dangers which it would have to encounter. The Commission was sent to the Principalities with a definite special object, bat with a very vague power in reality. For every Commissoner in the Priucipaisties there was a resident Ambas. sador or Minister at Constantinople, besides a Consul or agent in each of the two Pzin. cipalities. Already the first reception of the Commissioners resembled somewhat that which the canine inhabitants of the streets of Stamboul prepare for the intraders who approach their feast;.and, as the old posessors were the strongest, it was plain that the position of the new comers would be that of unwelcome guests, who would have to be satisfied with the bones which their aniable hosts would leave to them. At the least attempt to vindicate an independent action the resident Ambassadors and Ministers made common cauee for the first time in the recollection of men, and put down by their united efforts such a dangerous attack on their authority. They were determined, in spite of the Commissioners and of the treaty of Paris, to manage the whole affair in their own way. Circumstances favoured them. Accordingto the treaty of Paris the Commission was to ascertain the wishes of the population in the Danabian provinces by means of a firman, which was to emanate from the Porte, in concert with the resident Ministers and Ambassadors. They had thus in their hands the preparing of the instrument with which the Commission was to work, and any difficulty or doubt which arose was, of course, to be settled by those who had made the firman. In order to tie down as much as possible the Commissioners at the only mixed conference which took place between these latter and the Ambassadora all explanation as to the principles and motives which influenced the conference in the construction of the firman was categorically refused, and the feeble attempt made by one of the Commissioners to obtain some explanation was Dut down in a most unceremonious way. The effects of such paltry jealousy began soon to show themselves. With the exception only of the French Ambassador, who years ago had paid a flying visit to the Principalities, not a single person concerned in the drawing up of the firman ever put a foot on this soil How could it be otherwise than that an electoral law drawn up in the dark from information picked up right and left would present difficulties in its execution? They soon arose in Wallachia, and the Kaimakan of this country applied for light to the Commission. This latter, having been left itself in the dark by the Ambassadors in Constantinople, applied to these to explain their meaning. As they could not come to a clear iunderstanding about it they charged the Commission with this explanation, ordering at the same time that the Commission should likewise commnnicate its explanations to the Kaiinakan of Moldavia for his inforwation. The-Commission made tbe necessary explanations and sent them to the Kaixnkan of Moloavia, whose answer was that he had his onw interpretation, and. that he therefore did not require these explanations. As the interpretations of the Kaimakan of Moldavia were on a narrower basis, those who had been left out applied to the Commission, acd asked that one and the same document given for the twro countries should be explained in both in the same way. Most of the Commis. sionera had likewise understood the order of the Ambassadora to infornm the Kaimskau of Moldavia of their expl4nations in this sense. The Austrian and Turkish Qommi ioners alone did not, and again the Ambassadors were asked for their meaning, and again they did not know it, or rather would not avowr it. Four of them-the French Russian,Prussian.and Sardinian-declared that they had always meat to oblige the Kaimakaan of Moldavis to apply these explanations, while the Ambadors of England, Austria, and the Turkish Government maintained that they never considered the Kaimakan of Moldavia bound to follow these explanations unless he chose to do so. From that time the whole question became a furious diplomatic battle between the missions at Constantinople. Both sides tried to procture the adoptien of their mea3ning. The Porte, placed botween two fires, proposed al kinds of compromise, all of which were rejected by the two irritated:.paxties, and the result was the complication, which you know already in det;ail, and wrhich led to the interruption of the relations between the four Powers and the Porte. Thus you can see where the chief blame lies. It wvould be unjust to accuse the Commsioners on this score. Most of them have, indeed, contributed by their violent partisanship on one6 or on the other side, but the actulal complication is entirely due to |the quarrelsome spirit if the Abassadors and to the !injudicious zeal of their agents in the Princios- lities. You have seen to wvhat point this C5n lead. The Governments of France and England have found it neoesay to take the whole matter into their ova hands. Tbe Emperor's visit affbrded a favourable opporunity for this, and already no doubts are entertaiined of an amicable and pacifio solution. But shall this quarrelling go on thus without qim or aid, for the gratilication of a largely developed organ of combativeness in a few em.ploy&s? Shall we never be secure for onemoment froma crisiswhich may compromise the dearest interests at the most unseasonable time ? If things are left to remain i2 the state in which they have been hitherto, this complication will scarcely have been arranaged when we shall have a new one; for with sufficient ill-will and a good amount of irawibility every trifle can be turned into a serious quarrel. Surely the present state of affairs ought to be warnmg enough for the future. It is useles to give orders and instructions; they wil not change old animosities and bad traditions. There muAt be a clearing out of the whole place. No moment would be more opportune than this to remove the authors of the present complication, and thus to prevent futulre difficulties, which are sure to aiseotherwise. I1 have often said, and I must again repeat it, that the ilterests both of France and EnglAnd demand that these two countries, whatever their noltical differences elsewhere be, should go han in hand in the East, or else both. will be outstripped by a third. The e£forts made by Russia since the conclusion of the war to separate the two Western Powers ought to open everyone's eyes to the fact, and yet we have seen in ilmost every question which arose the Russian policy of division, at any rate up to a certain moment, buccessful; and to what was this owing but to the personal animosity of the French and English Ambassadors at Constantinople, who, instead of tryint to come to an understanding, have invaDably added fuel to the fire, which was extinguished as soon as their respective Governments laid hands to it-an evident proof that the differences between the two Governments were more fictitious than real But when these differences are allayed Russia alwrays gains by them. Lookr, for instance, at the effechs of the present comp]ication in this respect. When the relations with Turkey were renewed the Russians had one of the most deEicate and disagreeable positions in Constantinople, and they could scarcely show their faces in thePrincipalities. Stady their situation now, and you will soon at they are gaining ground every day. They flatter the popular side, but are anxious not to helpit, for their [object is neitherunion nornon-union,buttoupsetthe Commission, and thus prevent the reorganistion. If they succeed in setting the Powrers by the ears they can come forwrard and point out to the Iloldo-Wallachian that Rusian protection alone brings advantages and European interference none. Already many of those who cannot get all theywant begin to sigh after them, and the more the disputes t go on the greater will be their party. LBut it is not alone in the Principalities that these quarrels of the Ambassadors tell; they are likewise the curse of every Turkish Government. The Powers guarantee to Turkey her independence in the treaty, and allow her to be bullied by their representatives at Constantinople. This traditional bullying policy mast be broken, and this can only be done by removing those who have been its maia supporters and by sending there nlew men. The telegraph which brought the news of a probable arrangement brought likewise those of the resignation of the French Ambassador at~ Consantinople. As the Powers have once taken the matter into their hands it would be desirable that they should not stop half way. Surely they could come to an understanding in this respect too. Among those who ought to pay for the complication I should not like to forget the French and Austrian Consuls at Jassy, for they in their small sphere have perhaps done more evil than the Ambassadors in Constantinople. Theyhavethrownthe whole country into a state of uncertainty and aitation, which cannot but have the most deplorable efects BUCEHARBST, AUo. 13. Yesterday morning a telegraphic despatch came to the French Commissioner direct from London, announcing the solution of the pending difficulties. It says that the British Government has given its consent to annulling the elections in Moldavia and to the application there of the interpretation put upon the firman by the Commison for Wallaclia. as telegraph ic despatches take more and more the dark character of oracles in politics, I should not like to vouch that the arrangement is quite in tbat sense, or that the whole arrangement consists in that; but it wa to be expected that as -soon as the cause of the complication, denuded of its personal character, was brought before the Government at home it could not but take a fair and dispassionate view. No news has as yet arrived from the Turkish or Austrian Governments, who were the chief parties; but it cannot be doubted that, as England has decided in this way, those two Powers cannot hold out. Indeed, it may be presumed that the British Government has acted for the other two Powers, and that the arrangement has been made on a common understanding. The new elections, I hear, will take place in three weeks, which makles me suppose that the former electoral lists wil be taken as a basis, and the three weeks fixed in order to admit all those who by the interpretation of the K:imaRkan of Moldavia have been left out, but who must be inscribed on the liats if the broader interpretation of the Commission is accepted. It willbe3rather curious to see the result as regards the number of electors. According to the number of complaints made during the 30 days allowed by the firman between the publication of the lists and the elections, only about 60 voters we rejected by the committees, but the Unionists maintain that many, seeing that theGovernment had taken that narrow application, had abstained from making their claims. For myself, I cannot help thinlking that the practical bearing of the difference between the interpretation of the Commission and that of the Kamakan has been grossly exaggerated on both sides, and that the party which should have given way would not have lost much. TChe time for the elections in Wallachia Is not yet fixed, only in one of the last numbers of the official Gazette the local Government promises to publish the electoral lists immediately, which means perhaps in a fortnight. As 30 days must elapse between the publication of the lists aud the elections, it is not probable that the elections can take place here before the beginning of October. If things go on at this rate years will be required to bring the Commission to an end. The elections in Wallachia will not create such excitement as those in Moldavia, because the Unionist party has a clear majority. Indeed, the popular feeling has been allowed to grow to such a degree that those even who, perhaps, in their heart are opposed to it content themselves with an underhand, rather than an open, opposition. The agitation in Wallachia for the union has had the effect which, more or les, every agitation hatnamely, to outrun its authors. The very men who were the first promoters of this idea are entirely throwrn into the background. Their plac have been taken by noe men. This oould be done so much the more easily as there is not one among them who would be ft to be aparty leader in the true sense of the word. This is just atrue in Moldavia as here, and that was the reason thst th whole movement was something d la Bahi-Bazoik. Nor is this to be wondered at; political edueation is entirely wanting. The old school of poljticians is composed of men who were in power during the time of a nshmeless corruption, in whichb the only principle, followed with more or less skill, was to take with one hand and to corrupt with the other. This was more favourable to the development of cunning and dishonesty than to that of sound political ideas. But, with all that, it anust be said that there is iar more knowledge of the state oE the country amonig this clas of politicens than in the new school, for, of course, in order to take, it was necessary to know where there was something to be found. The new school, or national party, as they like to call themselves, is composed mostly of youug men who have been the greater. part of their lives abroad, and who have pased the rest of their time in the public walks and in the salons of Bucharest; consequently they know nothing of their own country, or, at any rate, very little. In Wallachia only a few manage their own landa; the great majority underlet them, so that you will ind not a few who do not I even know where their property lies. They receivel once or twice a-year a certain number of ducats, usuaUy in advance, and this is all they know of tieir property. Together with this want of knowledge of their own country is a large amount of theory, mostly composed of reainiscenoes of a number, of phrases which they have aoquired eo thoir travel in Europe. Theoriesalways carry division with them; hence you see here, likewite, the most weQnderful excrebaences, chiefly remarkable from ther vagu. new and oopious phraseology. If all these unerrig theoriats are to Speak in the Divan, one would depair of-the country; but it- may be iopA that i when once thbe eectioneermng f 'a deal of tis tl* lIkiwiae''a i4e.- ,
A UTWAL4ZA. I (F.ROlmOUR OWN OoRRS?OnNDX!-q?N - ' BOUR Ma 2. The Simla arrived on the 14th with the February and March mRails It *s at first intendedzo send her back at onoe with our May =ail, butAhat,lan has been abandoned, d te lters wdll oby the Great Britain. This I thin0 WIe, a ie Wil 4to prevent any further deranniewist'f thenialle,ice. The Simla, therefore, will star on her ssignrtkday of departure with the June maiL This wilile all regular, except that the Southampt6n Juiswonil will have to remuain at Suez, and.ill be brov&t by the Simla with the July mail. This ib%ly to derangement can only be obviated by .nFXa vesel ready at all times to tke theplice -ifny one of the line which may meet with an aecided. The question is raised here -whether the }3bme Government wil enforce the. contmet -gt to the forfeiture for dlaIy. The daily forfeiure goes on inereasing at te ,aie of O1 j.per diem. That is, it ainount to 50L for the zfi.r hours, 1001. for the second, 15OI. for the third,'pnd so on; and such penalties, say the contract, halu inno cae be relinquished. But it is not to eewed on one voyage the sum of 7,708L 6s. Sd.-4The penalty for 17 dayg' delay amounts to 7,650!., gra;h was incurred by thenon-delivary of theFebruay maiL The penalty for the nine day' delay of' the March mail is 2,2501., and it seems probable that there wil be one more pealty to the full amount. Lf it be: taken both ways the account will Ahud thus:- Non-delivery of the Oneida'shome mail ... 7,706 '6 8 eiiweri of the Onida's outward snail ... 7,7089 ,' 8 NWine days' delay in the March ouwarrd mail ... 2.250 A0 0 1NoVay ilfo ^utr.. . ..7a08 6 8 June mail fromu Souupte3 proRW de- .td to July ... ... !-- ... .., 7,708 i6 8 73,703 '6 8 It would have been much more economical hbadth contractors provided a fifthi vessel to be stationed here in readiness to remedy accident and casoquent delay. The news by the Haxch mai given firmneu to the markets generally. Somae time *ince there exiited a good deal of alarm lest the consgments of god from England should proceed too rapidlyr for consumption, and should produce a glut. KMost of the mercantile advice. state that goodsare being papringly aspped. This naturally hab a good effect on the usarkets. There is also a great aundance of money, which, perhaps, is only anqiher mode of stating that there is a general state of ionfidence in th, borrowers' securies. Everybody will trust everybody; but I camnot leaxn that .jhus ha given rise to any unwsholesome state of commercialspeculation. It has, however, told upon the prices of securities, such as Government Dabentures and Shares, and also on the p7rice of land. Our Government lFive per Genlt. Debentures cannot be had at 101.; South Autrlia Six per Cents. sel at 101.; New South Wyles Bank shares, 20!., sell for 511. making the inxerest, with all the risk of a falling off in the dividend, only 8 per cent,-, Iobson's Bay Railway shares of 501., paying 10 iper cent., sel at 851., in face of the progressing Wiltlitown Railway, which wil divert a large portion of itb goods traffic. The Colonial Iank of Australia, which has only just declared its first dividend of 5 per cent., with a reserve rather exceenmg the dividend, has disposed of all its diSPO"le shares, the last price being 20 per cent. premim. If the money-market continues in its present state it would not surprise me were the shares of $hi- new bank, 31. paid up, to be worth 41. before the end ofthe year. Now, I see that in some instsnbes the London prices of Australian securities are 1 lower than colonial prics This indicates :au advancing rate of interest in England, the natural result, I think, of the great stimulus to manufacturing industry imparted by the gold of Califorgis and Australia. If our Government is to raise 1,500,0001. next year by Debentures, if the present relative state of the money-markets continues, it tan only be dont byof'ering a higher rate of interest, or, what amotuRs to the asme thing, selling at a lowrer price. Judging from the large aount of -bankdep)osits here, aDd the juantity of :eihtir-hqj -1k, .1 believe 1,500,G001. of Debentures eould be absorbed here, finding their way to England as reraittance when the relative state of the sarket hould permit it.. I think there ae some indications of over-speculation in land and hoeas. Lend in the outsiirts of Melbourne and in the surrounding townabips, as St. Kilda, 31awthorne, &c., has been sdling at about double the price it sold for 18 mounts ago. There is nothing to wrrant this in the iresent state of the consumptive demand and supply, and I believe it to arise entirely from the i*rge amount of accumulated money capital seeking minvestment with no great choice of securitie This is certainly the case with town lands. I have beore pointed out that by the removal of the nuikerous single story hovels in which retail busineas is carried on, and replacing them with handsome two and three story hoases, there wl be ro,om in Melboure for three times the populatibn. This grand improvement is rapidly gonig on, so that I cannot see that there neec be any efiective demand for town land, and yet it sells for enormous prices; for -instance, 2181. per foot fiontage in not the best pa# of Collins-street, without a house upon it worth more than old materials. Shop rents of 8p0l., 1,001., and 1,2001. a-year in the best part of the best streets are not uncommon. Any deprebsed state: of trade will render the payment of such enormous prices impossible. The buildings now in Course of erection in J4elbourne are really on a very aplendid scale. The English and Scottish Bank has completed & very tasteful banking-house iu Elizabeth-street. The hall in which the money busineas is tranaaoted-the " shop," as the successors of the goldsmiths in Lombard-street, with " pride that apes humilit," call it-is a most magniticent chamber. The Bank of New South WVales is building a very maunificent banking-house, with colurhma surmounting columns, in Collin-street. 'The Oriental Banking Coinpany i3i building A- laPge but plain and ta5teful house of cut stone in Queenstreet; the Bak of Australasga is about to enlarge and beautify; the Union Bank, which used to be the pride of Melbourne, which people diocked to i0e, will be the meagest of the whole-except the lhaci bauks of Victoria andthe " Colonial," which arecontent to dispense good dividends from a more humxble threhold. I took a newly pubished plan of 1ebourne the other day, and marked with a _RM the Melbourne as I recoUect it of 1853-just aefore building commenced after the commencement of e new era; it was not one-fourth of its preekit size. At the back of the court-house and pol you then caine upon the "buah"-parklie land through whbich the pasnger threaded his ay amuong bush sracks between troee.i one has now-co po beyond that before even the centre of th1e toSv as reached. This is the case all round. Tlhe bulk of the Melbourne population is, now located !in parts of the town which were open laid four year ago. Tht suburb of Emeralc-hill, south of the Yarra, which is now a flourishing municipnlity, had no existenoe four and lfyeasn ago. The hnst land sale took place only in Octo-br, 1852. Where I think there is overbuilding is in the suburban townships St. Kilda, South Yarrs, Hawthorne, da. InSt. Kilda, especiLally,y,ht dt great exten- by wealthy tradesmen, roWS of. hou"es, terraces, detached aud semi-detached houses, wre going up everywhere. At proent theY are Uee. a soon as finished at 250. to 300. and more ier annum. They are of a clas to let for about a fourth or a lifth of the rent in Englaud, ianli suburbs of London. The occupiers of theme house are abandoning houses of An inferior clas, :l4ch willfall into decay or be removed. U1 this indi&tes a height of prosperity. St. Kilds is run upon moret1han other parta, inconsequenceof the opnicfgthe railway. The distance is three miles; Sthe traiigo every half-hour, and the char is only 30S,,pe month, or 121. 1_. a-year. ln January, 1855 ,tho 'busses chaged 2. 6d. each way. Etoept iaz;m matt6erof rent and wages the colony is in otaIekspect "settling down," as the colonial expraNca iS into a reasouable condition. Some hints have been thrown out by n paper writers disposed to take & gloomy yiew,i tW The V*441eto oft °uld is faling off The"p.,
- TRE INDIA AND CHINA MAILS. SOlTHAMYPTON, AUG. 22. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Indus Captain R. W. Evans, arrived this morning with the heavy portion of the Lidia and China mails, in charge of Lieuteneat Canlhman, R.N., Admiralty agent. Her dates of leaving were-Alex&ndria, August 7; Malta, 11, and Gibral. tar, 16. This steamer brings 120 passengers, among whom are Major Foster, Colonel and Mrs. Marshall, Lieutenant-Colonet Yates, Captains Ridout and Meyer, from Madras; Dr. and Irs. Silver, from Bombay, five distressed British seamen, from Alexandria; Captain Sbute, Lieutenant bi'Iver, nine invalid seamen, marines, and boys, from Malta, &c. On the 14th inst., at 3 am., off Algiers, the Indus came Into collision vith the screw-steamer Florence Nightingale, of 700 tons, from Sunderiand to Constntinople. The latter vessel struck the Indus on the starboard foresponson, car. rying away her bowsprit, and stove in her bows. The Indus received no damage hythe collision. As tbe FlorenceNightingale leaked the Indus took her in tow to Algiers, and left her in sight of that port. The night was fine and moonlight. The Florence Nightingale had masthead, but noside- lights. Her Majesty's ships Tarus, Desperate, and Caradoc -were at Alexa ndria on the 7th; the Hibernia and Centaur at Malta on the llth; the Vulture and Ariel at Gibraltar on the 16th. The Abeona steamer, which left Malta on the 6th inst. with Per Ma.eesty's 48th Regiment on board, consisting of upwards of 1,000 men, women, aud children, did not arrive at Gibraltar until about 3 p.m. on the 16th, and was then seen in tow of a line-of-battl-, ship, name not made out, aS the Indus ws leaving the ba bour. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ripon, Captain R. Dundas, with the India and China mails of the 4th inst., from Southampton, arrived in Gibraltar Bay at 2 p.m. on the 9th, aud resumed her voyage to Malta and Alexandria shortly after sunset. The Company's steamer Euxine, Captainr J. Weeks, arrived in the bay on the 13th, in five days and 7 hours from Southampton, caling at the intermediate ports of Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, and Cadiz; she cleared on the l6th, on the rettrn voyage. Her Majesty's steamtug Redpole, which arrived at Gibraltar, from Malaga on the night of the 13th, reported that Admiral Lord Lyons' squadron was to leave Malaga on the 14th, aud proead a. little further up the coast for the purpcse of replenishing the ships'. tanks with water, -there beirg a scarcity of that article in the Government tanks of the garrison at Gibraltar. The Redpole departed again at noon on the 14th, with the desnatches ior the Admiral taken out from England by the Euxine. The squadron was expected at Gibraltar on the 17th. The steamer Albanian put into the bay on the morning of the 10th, in 5 days and 16 hours from Liverpool, and proceeded on to Genoa, Leghorn, and Naples the sime afternoon. The General Iron Screw Corier Company's ship Hutton Chayton arrived in the bay during the night of the 8th with a cargo of coals from Shields for Constantinople, and left again at 5 p.m. on the following day. The coWler was discovered to be on fire in the fore part of the boiler on the 6th inst., in lat. 44 N., long. 10 W.; Captain Sainthill immediately scuttled the deck, and succeeded in extinguishing the fire in a short time by means of the engine-house, without the vessel suffering any further damage than charring the deck. The British steamer Meander passed to the eastward at a quarter to 1* o'clock on the 14th, bound to Ancona and Trieste, from LiverpooL Gibraltar exchanges on the 16th were quoted as under London, 90 days' date, 51l,; Paris, ditto, 5f. 38c.; Mar. saeiles, ditto, 5f. 39c., Genoa, ditto, 5f. 40c.; Madrid, eight days sight, l dis.; Cadiz, ditto, } die. Malsga, ditto, 4 dis; Seville, ditto, a dis.: Alicar,te, ditto, J dis.; Valencia, ditto, a dis.; Barcelona, ditto, I dis. Spanish pillared dollars, 4 per cent. pra., and Carolus, 28 per cent., in demand.
HORR`11m MURDnZn n- AMERICA.-Saturday moraing, at about a quarter past five o'clock, a shocking tragedy occurred here at the Sea View House, Nevasink, N. J. Albert S. Moses, at the time designated temporary barkeeper, was heard crying murder as he was running in his night clothes from the hall of the third floor of the main bulldiDg, and on the approach of those attracted by the cry he retreated to his room and his bed, some 20 feet from the starway. He was found in his bed with his throat out and bleeding profusely. The matting on the passage floor was literalDy covered witi blood to the stairvay. Upon inquiry the dying man said that James P. Donn elly, the bookkeeper of the house, had killed him; that during the night they had been gambling; that deceased bad won some fifty-five dollars of Donnelly, and that the assassination was theresult of a desperate resoluation on the part of Donnelly to recover the money. There being no physician at the Sea View House, a messenger was sent over to the neighbouring lotel, Mr. hem son's, in search of ons. One of tbe guests referred the messenger at once to Dr. Connery, or, as he is more generaly known, Coroner Connery, of New York, who with all possible deepatch repaired to the scene of the homiclde. First, as surgeon, he sewed up and dressed the wound in the throat of the unfortunate man; next, in the capacity of coroner, he proceeded to organize a coroner's jury, and an ante mnsorlem examination into the facts connected with the inevitable death of the wounded man; next, as a maglstrato, the coroner proceeded to secure the prisoner in custody in the house, and to give the required notices to the appropriate local authorities over the subjeot. We understand from cartful inquiries among the guests and attaches of the Sea View fiouse that Moses, when asked by one of the persous attracted to bis room by his cries and groans of the circumstances of this bloody Hffair, replied ;hat the first intimation he had of the presence of his murderer was the fatal blow at his throat, which startled him in pxsin and terror frou his sleep; that he instantly sprang up in his bed and said (for irt wa daylight) that Donnelly was the sanu; that Donnelly fed-tat his victim pursued him down the pusage, crying murder. It further appears that the R0 or 55 dollars which deceased, during the night, had won of somebody at cards was not the mnoney of Donnelly but the money of the house or of a guest or guests of the house, of which, as bookkeeper, he was the oustodian. It is said that a portion of the money thus supposed to have been abstracted from the safe helonged to an absent Spanish gentleman, whose return was expected today, and the theory of the cnase upon this starting point is t.hus made out-thalt Donnelly had appropriated the funds from the safe for gambling-that he had lest enough to disclose bin dishonesty shousld he fail tn restore this money before the regular hour of proceeding to business in the morning-that, aLccordingly, he stole into the room of MIoses, who had fallen asleep, and that Donnelly wsra sear'ching for his money about the bed when Moses made as8tir, when, from the desperate excitement of the moment, Donnelly ataibbed hini in the neck-that, thereupon, fright. eosd w ith the instant conviction of his terrible crime, he Instantly 9ed to make such efforts to cover it up as the exigency of the ese would alowf. Perhaps had Moses deneisited his money between the beds he uccupied his life would nut have paid the forfeit, but be had taken the pre. caution to put the money between the mattresses of a bed In an adjoining r oom, not occupied by any onie, but having a comEnunicating door with his own roum. Unable to find Sbe money, the ;cresumption is that Donnelly's mind nsa 'wought lp to a state of frenzy, and hence the murder. The deceased, as he lay upon bin bed, the last of his blood slowlY OOZing froma the wound iua his thro,t, told a friend present where to find the money. It wvas accordingly pro. diuced, and found to consist of three parcels in a hand. kerclaief-oneparcel 353 in gold and Qi26 in bank hill6sanother partil of about $1l2 inamail change (bar money). and the third pardel a roll of small bills,the wrholeamonolting tonearly $;93. Thze.oolnes and self-posssion of the dying *oan in baa last agonies were eryU remarkable. He persisted to the last tha1t D)onnelly had killed him, and orriered him to be kept oaHXecalld f or water, but it passed out of the gash in his throat, tbe jugular *and the cesophaguse having been severed, and, the trachea opened by the 8tab. On examin-ing the watei closet Of the back yard, a lot of torn bank-bills were fished ulp from the dink, the whole s,uounting to $160D. Donnelly is 26 to 28 years of Jge, a smsall man, pale, and very ec:ictable and impulsive. Time circumstantial evidence agains hima is very ugly,-Ncw York Heral(d, Aug. 8.
COUBT OP BAYKRT*UPTCY, BasigkavWlstreet. Awe. 22 IN RE TEE SURREY GARDBNS COMPANY (LhIMITED). ------- 0- (Befon !'P. COMftlilqiM-? -FAIVV I -nas was a meeting to obtain arn adjudication on the petition of Mr. Horace Jones, architect, & shareholder, praying that an order absolute many be made for winding up the above company. Mr. Roxburgh appeared for Mr. Horace Jones (instructed by Mr. A. Jones, solicitor); Mr. Bagley, Mr. Linklater, Mfr. Chidley, Mr. George, Mr. F. W. Chappell, zr. Flemnng, and hfr. Coombe also appeared in the ease. An original printed prospectus headed " Private and Confidential" sets forth that the company (luinited) will be formed with a capital of 40,0001., iu 4,000 sbares of 101. each, and that the committee of management, until the choice of directors, are,-Wm. Beale, Esq., 201, Regent-atreet; S. Arthur Chappell, Esq., 214, Regent-street; T. K. Holmes, Esq., 18, Fludyer-street; George Balo, Esq., 1S, Parliament. street; James Coppock, Esa., 3, Cleveland-row, St. James's; and James Wyld, Fsq., Charing-cross. M. Jullien is named as the director of music and conductor, Horace Jones, Esq., of 16, Furnivals-iun, as the architect, and William Ellis, Esq., of 25, Golden-square, as the secretary pro tean of the company. The prospectus proceeds to set forth among other advantages offered by the comPany the following:-' The gardensiu thehandstof asingle pioprietor have for more than 25 yenrs been patronized by Royalty, &c., but it is clear, from the great euccess of last Eeason, that much larger results may be achieved, and that the publio require accommodation beyond that wbich any single proprietor would venture to give. The application of capiiul, with a liberal bat judicious outlay, is imperativels called for; and now, by the Limited i2ability Act, no danger can acorue to the parties supplying it. A-rangements have been entered into with the present proprietor. Not a imoment will thus be lost in waking preparations for the next season and insuring the large return that must inevitably foUow. All preliminary expenses and the outlay which a new concern wonld demand will thus be avoided, and if the busi~ ness of the gardens be carried on with only the usual preparation more tban a 5 per cent. dividend on the capital employed may with certainty be calculated upon. it is proposed to erect buildings of a character and magnitude to command the attention of the public, conprining a music. bhll capable of accommodating I0,000 people. To this wl be added saloons for retreshments, Coser-vatories, aviaries for the display of beautiful and rare birds, and aquaria for marine plants and fishes, while exhibitions of varous kinds wil be introduced, affording amusement to promenaders. As a guarantee tbat the iauste will be of the highest order, the eminent services of ?L Jullien have been secured, on advantageous terms, for a period of five years. The orchestra will be on a grand scale, and vocal talent of the very highest order will 'e engaged. The artistio depart. mentsof paintings and fireworks will be confided to the most celebrated men, and refreshments of a quality hitherto unequalled will be supylied at moderate prices." A beautiful lithographed sketch of the gardens (appended) is next re. ferred to. Not more than 10 per cent. dividend will be allowed" to be paid in any one year, and " the surplus'will be set aside for a reserve fund from whioh the entire capital ot the shareholders may and will be repaid." Shareholders may, in lieu of receiving a share in the annual profits, have a personal ticket of admission for five years, with full reservation of right to share in the " surplus " to be then divided. The prospectus goes on to atate that "no commercial enterpris of the day affords such certaiaty of snecess with so large a profit. The promoters have carefully avoided all exaggerated views; applicatioa for sbares may be made to the Secretary, at 25, Goldensquare, or to the committee of management at their residences. A large portion of the capital is already subscribed. Early application fur shares as necessary, and imemediately upon the allotment a general meeting of the shareholders 'will be called to appoint the directors, solicitors, and other officers of the com3pany, thus avoiding favouritismB, and insuring a direction possessing the confidence of the share- Mr. ROXinReGa, on applying on bebalf of Mr. Jones, the architect of the company, for an order for winding up, said that the prospectus of the company was put forth in Marob, 1856. Out of the required number (4,000) 3,740 shares were appHed for. Of these 3,256 shareswere tain up, which gave the company a capital of 32,5601. to commence business with. The whole of that capital was lost, and there were now debts to the amount of 26,0001., of which 14,5001. were secured by a mnortgage of the iMusic-hall, &c., and theremnainder. I1,oOOl., was wLs22ly unsecured. The petitioner (Mr. Jones) was the holder of 20 shares, upon whfich the 2001, had been paSd up. HE was also; acreditor for Mr. Chappell, for certain shareholders, doubted whether an order for winding up would be valid on Mr. Jones's petition. Mr. Jones having paid up the full amnount of hIs shares, he could not be sad to be a contribntory, and he petitioned for a winding-up order as a contributory. Mr. Chappel referred to the 65th clause of the Act. The Coissioxp.m-You say that calls cannot be made unpon him because he has paid everything ? Mr. Chappell.-Yes. Mr. Rox,BuGn referred to the 67th clause of the Act, sections 4 and 5, ia support of the petition. Thoe Cosnssros R observed that it would be strange if an honest shareholder, who had paid up everyfarthing on his ehares, should be precluded from petitioning as a contributory. He might by so doing be able to get something beck. Mr. Chappell submittedthatif thopetition were allowed creditors would have no voice in the matter, as the shareholders oould elect the official liquidator. After some disounsion the Co0 trsSIosEa said he would cut the Gordian knot by admitting Mr. Jones wt be a petitioner. HIecould not conceive thatthe Legislatnae bad ever intended to preclude bim from being a petitioner under the circumstancs brought under his notice. Mr. FLsii said the present proceedings camne on some of the shareholders like a thulderbolt, and that he had been requested to present a memorial to his Honour as agreed to yesterday at a public meeting of shareholders and creditors. Mr. Fleming handed up a memorial, of which the sub. joined is a oopy:- This memrnrial ahoweth:- That Mr. W. Tyler was lesee of cerin ground and prenis-es at Walwosrth, and he there oonducted, in a very reepeccable weay, Zoological Gadens, but that for tue last two or three years or his teanacy it turned out ain unprofitable undestakine. "That he became inaebted to a eousiderable amount to jares Cloppock, one of the directors of the company caltd the Rtoyal Surrey iarydena Company, wbo became mortgages of te preomses, or in some other way was beneficially entitled thesete. "That for about 18 monthaprevioualr So the year 1855 the lease and remines were in the maricet for asa, and aeverAl poruis treated for ue eame, but no ala was effected. ' That in the lattir part or the year 1l5 a company was formed, called the Royalt urey Gardens t(lAited). of whish the satd James Coppock was one of the regiatered preiooters. the eid Mtir. Tyler WAv appointed manter, and the pUtitioer, Mr. Horace Jones (who now eteks to wind up the oompanyl, was the arcbitect. " That a company was readily formed, sad in the imonth of Yfarc1e commenced their buildings and laying out She prounds st an outlay of r bent £25,OGO. - That at a meeting of sbarebolders In October,18&83, a dividend of 10 percent. waudeclAred outof the profits nid to be made in a period of 10 weeks, during which time the gsrens had beru open,anud the account marked A hereunto annexed was tLen cirCuined u among the Ehareholders. " That in Aprl laest a second meeting wa called upon the tollowing notice without any account being eeot with it:- - 'otioe is herebr given, in pueuance of the deed of settlement of this compa3Y, that the second ordintiy general meeting of thare. bolders twill he held on Thursday, the 2d day Gf Au.u.t proxime' at the Ioyal R G,41 ey , GBrdtD. ,t a o'2ie i,s the acteree p recisely.' 'I Teat frn,m T5e wording of the above notice, and jitimation given to tbe khareholdera that nothing but the orornas busi,ree, such as the sarangement of the entertalhmentasid the opesinu /of the gardeos, would be under consideration, several shareholder. did not attend who otherwise wonld have done so. particuoarly if i: aud been knouu that an account affecting the valdity of the undertaking would have been brouRht forward. 'That at this meeting the sbareholders were Eept in tlo large concert-room unttl the appointed time for meethig h4d expi,ed, aud they were then shown into an adjoining rooe.4 where a plentifal supply or sandwichwe and "d wine pwread upon a counter, and t one end w,,s lad a bundle of accounts, ore of wbich mbarked i9 is hereto exhit tted. aid which accounts were not distributed, but left to be taken by thoee who chanced to see them. " That several 8hareholders had not time even to read the said account before some gentleman mnoved that sua acount te received, appr ved, and adopted; wh.reupon a, question ari e a, to whether the dividend declared at the lat meeting was or was not 5aid out cf capital, when a show of hands wae takensaud the ecouen was assumed to be pased by a majority of two, asScounTed by tte secretary, alltoe directors ireoent votiug for the passing of their onD accounts. and the realiand vital question as to the s'rm of £t14J0i0, an charged for the purchbae of the gardens, wst not made the subhect ot dweou,sion, " That some ot the shareholders nramediate,, aiter tbeo Paid mueeting began to lnveetlgats the accouat generally. arid uroc Inquiry they found that the ffl,00 charred, as and for the valueof thelease, was for premise. which had orly an unexpired term of about 12 years to run, and was ata rent oft a-sear, beSdes rates and taxes, and sublect to a aeptennini hue of a yearsuds hatf vale, and the letter ,rom a ehareholder ma rked 0 hereto exhibited was circulated to every disector and sharetoider. "T5hat In pursUance of thls circularaB meetnag took place, asd the questionwas fullybrought forsward,butowing toa etaremenst made T ' 'he bchedule A, referred to iu the DeWing dcmment. pnrport ts be ma account of recet,pz and payments Sor the praFoa commening July 15 and ending Owober t, 1856. The account zt,tes that the c;ash ,sala 'or musec, vovi`stE, safalie& and all cbarges for current expenaqV colnected with the rardena is £t10 {63 is. 14 which, with £49 7t. 9i. owing on current expense accoant, leaveaa balaxiceproit on the Seaaon of £s,916 Is. lid., tce cash reoelved for adsisaio.L to the varics per. formance bhaving been 412,e19 la. 6d.. a-nd the cash reeiMved from eigar. chDa une, and reftredhment rooms £7112 15a d.; tot, £111111 Us8. id. t The 8 hedule B referd to purports to be a geeral balanoe eheet to December 13,19S. It ebo.. capital -a1d op £0,493; amount rived for admirion to garde; de., £13 til s. 45, Id.; amount re. yelved for surplut, etoe £619 7s. 9d.; from cretltors Oa loan, £5,680 12e 3. Total £a9.108 4s. id. Against this amount there were:-ByProperty-iamount paidforgarde , ILUt;W; on ronstrnc. tion acount, £19,678 16ae gd.; preliminary espenEes, £3,175 17.; current expenJee £11,853 Is. (l.cluding BLt Juil'en's ehmaty. £i.at60 vocaliste, £1,04d; band, £2,447; dieeorks, £L.344). IeAVinZ cash £4,160 s. '7d. In hands of banicerc. Total, £4 ,703 Is. IaL Ta this account Is aSUed the certti6cate of J. Weston, aiditor, tbat he " has examined the e.n,, linda It correct, and hereby cOnlirms the ame" t Subjoined he copy of letter 0 net erred to:- "33, Emex-street, Strand, W.a., April 27. "To the Shareholders of the Roy3l Surrey Gardens Coumpany. - Notioe of Meeting of Shareholders "Slr,-Several shaeholders who attended the meetIng of this corpony on the 2d inst are greatly dlesatloded, not onJy wita the aoount itself hut with the way In whleh It was attempted to be pa3sed. "The shareholders generally are under the lenvrteel,n that the coin. pany have a term of about 50 yeear In the a'ove earden, but tha Ll. owing facts may be reled on:- "A lease was granted to Mx. Tyler. the kto ten-ant, for a tarin ot 2L yeas, from September, 1847, at a cent of £346 per annum, whicb ex- ires in fees than I1i year, when al the property puses to the land. rzd. This leae has been-algned to the company, and is the only title open which upwards of £z25,000 has bees, and Li belug, expended on building alone. But thLis is nut all, the company have ta pay a Due every beven years to tto Dean and Obapterof Cauterburxy amuniting to oxne ye.r and a halt imnproved caie. The last inte waa paid two Yeaca since by Mr. Tyler, and amounted to £500, wben the prenisnes were toimparattvely vinelees, and iL fAve Yers mnore an increaed fine must be paid, which, under a simiar as-eenmeut, will amount to £.t000, ana lc for thts short term of Uft rears with ate enormous flne to payO s1,w 1eherged to toe coma for lhe intrert In thea t SI l4f 1s orpitlimiLary expeuees, altboaua the proepec'us i,ea4 npcntheformationot thecompany erptesly stbtestheut all prelimi. naryexpeaetsureavotdedl Ideemit firtostste that noportion tf thq £14,000, or AI3,lS l7L,, has, I believe, gone into the pocket of the directors generally; but surelF itIs a uwution oft great Importance to knoiwwho hsareoelved this;£e,o0o, and for what it has beanpad it the lease expires in 11 year. Every disinterenete ha,ebolder mit therefore be arxious to know truth of the foregot(ing l , and for this pothe te directors bate notice, ad the snitcher to bte -laudinor has been solicIted 'to atlcda* meeemp. to b, holden t Y e Manor hone Tavern. e to the Surr ey Garden., on Thrseday neyt, the 36lth linFt, at 3 o@coc'c proelsly atwhichtlatn atnd plaoe yen are solicited to atlanci in oeder that ties above st8tiDeznt nm,y be folly Isneelttated, and, it necessary. atti onmylitee of eharcholdecs appointed to inquire inlto end pontect their "I amn, Sir (in behalf of snycelf and otherrl, "You. obedient slervane, W. A. 0OOMBE, A, holder of 20 aharesb, by WMr. COpPOeI the aotins directot of the coTwpbuy, the aub3ect wasbF not eosertalned. The fact, however.telr the ;ei had otholy About I1 3lerarsto ra nWmnot denl[41 and the bum of£eI4e 0. A thavalug of tbs leOs, Wujusaifled unded a statenment make by Sar Ooppock thtt several offen had beenildo for the puehaceof sheleasa loua7y to ttee formaion of the wompauy. but which sastarnesus hav nieA turned out to be fallacIoas. " That tu the piapecpatus Iued upon the lormatioa of the oonman there appes the followng pasrapphn:-' All prelnabialy txpeaoes. and the outlay which a new concern would demand will thus be avoided, nd if tbho busInes of the gardens were carried on with only the uuaW pTepaatIon, more than a b pr cent. dlvideed on the oapIal emnp!ored might certinly be calculated uDon, ana yet Iu the aceount marked B V.175 17s. is charged for Par iantmery extenses. besides ;E1.359 19.. for I stock, fixtture . sc.,' ana in the ;3.175t17a It included a om of £600 towaru A ausicAl festival. AIO for asianl to UT. Tylert hbe manager, and Dther sums of a ike nature. aittmigb in the ir3t aocone tmarked A, Palalirfe andal charges are s4ted to be debited against the company, "Trat althovuth It Is possible that some of the directors might have been In tgnorndce ol lbuht timeothe save hnd to rnso, and that apl ereetdona uion the ground woula.pst to tohe landlord t the exoiratiort of It rtill after they had recsted he 'ilrect -ommunicatlonof the oact b a h be-aeniond lt the r, otd of AL, ther ct.lt went oo to expissue aharee otm I esaoey mtoPuartin a topnearl o 4000 In O additiof i buildng andin the petIIi.yofnePer,mbr.orc onext.' wstearhtc employed In such erections, he tat the tUme knxowlin thebo ti;oe "Tat in order to py for such advetItnal buldiangs and other OUtgotngs the direotors Isued the foilowing s'vertoldentr ad which ap- Tt at The rootge efrom aboat the elth ot April to te 10th of May ves tk. d rtpiurrey thrdens IBm lOf ted 1-The dtbctao ot the tosD- panylohavin aidB Acdivodndt th)ed rt wof 1 r:operockn, per aurtamgdi bcoS thei acd tua ingsof teht ft mEshorto easonof 10 heeks are reo/ady to"te areor01£10hench atsar if appiyed for gy oh0 11th of day pretiso, to day the btGiardens wl betth ed turtthepubicforthe se Tato eint the rph dasby thf peptember anext,' vt fMrorc JThat undet thhe above t t avextsemt af geO b any appeicationb tbo ireptal acouat anattet the otreia ebtotl. dexto IThat a't the ha. etg of ac shabol der. held 1. Atrit lase questbatI were as4ed reseosocgrthedsunst of r£501 ve." Id.dxebtxe ascuredintDo unloantn¶beaccna tmu when Mr. nown to the dirgto rs rector, Ddistinctlyassured the sUlherhetGahe th tsh oaettng wu on do- hh wda~~~~~~~~~i tende odclet ' that the lme fortenawasg the halo-yerly mgeondit In the Rolas That It o ppass bys the IstO tion and abavt of ot racethe Jas s3lt beensumonest te exte th oinn.blng amorebeeneaxledek the directors, and that itere are Other debts tno thaet aed o2f o11th0 Thuy atitsa een ascertained fom 3pliulo t h ote ht h Dmtm supon s eortgge wet. h. *- ecud * Debn s oweg,nd J ha the aon thDre ellnow to the dirS. and arllulaly t Mr Copock at Lb tieofthe0 mbaeetin n pi lat.andh at te pueetLing of the sunr s on hltb lon . Lds the only amontdtue, wentmodit t t ehtent how ,e50 thee EOtd ecTeshre mouthoss prvoslwasv nort onclyu iteno tok jdeciveth pcovlganngeof etheimeooripaL nmnofhseo tt honaunhblers hOUM a nisl pncmo es ruuetB assinet thaose pstle. whopaion sthAioe ` 6Aunder the before rmenoane Tha B.-Tea atue fors dtous caltln a ea omeaetnoInes shetloal ItU nas adted tertt rehe debts wvere pamed_aa itnd tebate tbet umraly arenharehomprsh ase the et b f *uly lat iut as mealbge ha noe t b ee s oetheiuo sn sta.. e bleine mor the sIx werek after 5- ahetd that a it sou hxpave btee carle 14,and0o fabu t tzwra.the statemenot mbade Inthe petition andh afidstaIto the said rceomners te sid aa tof theo n tsesxesl e casa- tdeto trned urthem iresteition cadversIety and stead ofepay tine she b mouy omf clea. l d them ustrae es not shilling topq Aoeyro raited duponasu eerharestthiswa a he te of Thtats atmeti ta the d ets harh ersel o t l It inate certa tolutI weres mr bge witthhe oongerna ulro mote osnpluisp panda helard by divien mofr10aper creditor for 14n, o sideed profilbeAsts. hlopcTherepwreunecured cr editors tot threevo amont of and the pre wendmas nof athIedardasto thIe tonlm wirtor whosured that tsaslaeo tr&rgl stato of "r.0,-Thate ato nl vlerynueosmting ofi sehadenreholers byheldo thiensl thertnelns wha e re Assedl, and iast wsolved share- tolders axe tat believe that fne was t mrospedori s had bec srrehotl s fdenr p e and prentd tor athejhoutnto mhe alson before wCopepoe ofs rerew ored Jobes tha btng referrd and thataimthisexpectdw th at dvery imeortant acs wti tralsaireuat the com t ondu thaseolerson the bh oo sttiaedt sad soinmrd tone MbFe mn edto pi e ta h heaein g orefue faom secetir nomtion tlfutenstigato can beoadht, and suo eeins taken by thGhaeolders as may obetadiaed.,h" ertaywsbr h e les exainot if the amounetus decline ooitakel jditaoi hcoiandcerw of t he meori, ak orLnaourme aoailale" couldfbr aidn oaplutihermpn'sa.es trw adm0 t teond be that thedet were executi and t o Tc n ha notI an a shid thln o ass eltsi it osl ae egTed tha theelmgh be om exthingaawinab ingro-th sorplus pro-a prty athe o bysno t he mortag e rdior &ordr, as her terve examuinesdite inbiec t (thin b thas H exld weiconvsidd aud vailabdet ash he wees ounseued caymeditr toe te smount oo uldabe pu n t here way nxotsai shiing torpa Them wepty It ws uedas thed thwas ae sdange stae ofgree thgo the Crowecuo an having inApl lth indued asheoherlder tor belise tht theA or Q cern was most prosetous, andleclar vadividendi of woper oent per paynn tbat the th,e potn s.l $roCoppoc was raube presented to obeteacingpy sertary informtatio that hbe sought, and oferti sh afre hovders dod not beiee bthatd the amont aoingd btoei tors had been oretlys sefiuty foth He askged toxin ta djornncto toe allownti for appinquiry.o the payme of t apl iaxes~~~~~~wal aed :1.e 0-ssn aeesiis r, RO n urged that the parties werse execunsas oh u te aanstt compsnTe and th rsat everything. code sewitted adoesol onr ( onduyhnert.) inigu odrfo tIscrt was notd ht otandThe sietr hda feretar was hefre o the ehiramed ifdenojors1 wish, and t hat eld writs in hus ohd ue which be obtains of the amountwountf past of A,0. coulnespt.n-nNonaynet The. Counirssrocn sargbdy he wsharelieledrinesomedegre Tome the cons d fct wadjsourning thae the ordier, hob srd by oman as mig n thet ct the Strthe gwhaict euecuions to noa, thai reydngit so ohbtayneda of the inoter evnted otf a wer u odee er bewin to bstainedrrti three sented committed ion thea. was rp teothisitw urged that the lau se d t apply Mhr. Cvoomp& larg aboeti of s bareholdersas onsidedrb totthe con,uan the directoau t an i oonmt bex tra ed nary The Coym ssioiE&-s YN don'it meandi towhsayothatpter Queo 'wihl dstroy arl tha s or vralable property , to obtan ay wuditecor6to e Quesen toys everyng ee ala dos,Sr. (LaYuRghter. titv:)hr c aesuhb itas lstatio d tato th the hire CoftEurgarden o 1t ds uayned t athea wndinco. utpre sould be a'lobti i t"Harhehaourn, awu clbnve loe t or meet Jtss dofaulty iotwas dugnmested the dranecntos that company mght vreniturofte tompincur thers odreeivsng themoney, andpplying it to thepmento the Qureen Taxes aotes pIwM gress ang anc osresi.entrtiTurdg next, baDgs fodr all atdien,h n sdtaxte day,au the prommeinssioe fthart s umrged that f the artioes w e nv fiew the rep-an sentedacompainedsthat an grea fproaudihadbee zomutothed on the s hareholr gr,and that ohe p etitiing shareholder waslthe inivdualthe whohd very recend the commendedng outly of4,001. o therefrshmet roms. n heme An applicatioa on behalf of Mrsh Seacole to inspect the books of the conpany add asiertain the amount due to her onw tn agreement theyt sbe shormd receive one-third of the proueedt on certain night performance in her favour, nust in thde oeantie stand over. MTrs. Seacole, it appeared, had been thus far deouved of any benmefit from bhe perforgnt It should t meengtiohed thet during the proeedings itrs Coombe ughted that it Mas the opinion of a number of the sbarebolders tbat certain directors ought to be indictett-e rernark .bichdrew from Mri Roxburgh a dtply that since the CpoceedingStakenHagins. the directors of the iepil Brcumsa B Iwk isrseemed tno be u common t otion amone sbareholders M publie companies. Aitogethe proceed Th e Cof a miost angra cbaracter, nsd gavi promeedingse uatthe meetings onil Tuesday and Th mday nem beinrg ootai more 2l.
SUMA(R2B ASaZE& NORTHFBN CniRcUI. LIVERPOOL, AvcGusT 22. MOWN COURT.- (Befort Mr. Baron WATsos.) Elizabeth Kelly was indicted for the wilful murder of her child, at Ashton.under-Lijje, on the 25th of June last. The cbild was her only one, a boy aged 4 years. Mr. Sowler and Mr. A. Cross conducted the prosecution, and Mr. T. Atkinson (asigned by the Court) defended the p16soner. Mr. SOWTi, in opening the case, said the unhappy woman a' the bar was accused of the wilful murder of er own and only child, a little boy of the age of 4 years, whose name was Peter Kelly. It seemed that theprisoner lost her husband in January, 18S6. After some time she went to lodge with a person named Gorman. Mfrs. Gorman would state that she knew the child from its birth, that it lived in her house for a very considerable period, and that she daily had opportunities of observing its state of health, its cheerfulness, and so forth; and she would state that the child was in the habit of playing about the atreet with other cbildren, and was as Joyous, healthy, and full of exuberant spirits as any of them. The prisoner worked in a cotton iactory, and was therefore absent for a considerable portion of the day. On the 8th of June last the prisoner returned from her wrork ia the factory quite une:pctedly, and stated to Mrs Gorman that Peter, meaning the chil was very il, and was likely to die of the same complai thathdecarriedoffhisffather. Thatcomplait 'asasthma. Bhe told Mr Gorman she was about to take the cid to the doctor. At that time the little bo wsas lai usua in the street. Se wentaaaywith echild,anda short time afterwards she came hack nd told Mrs. oran she had been with the child to aperson whom she called Dr. Mostyn. He turned out to be a drugist, carring on busi ness in Ashtonu.nder-IAne. ho sald that Dr. Mostyu had stated that the child was in a verybdsaeo elh aud tia. th probability ws he would not live for a week. Upon this Gorman of course was very much sur prised, and made the remark that shbe had never seen anything amiss with the child; but the prisoner seemed very anxious that the chil should be undressed and put to bed, and the child was accordingly put tD ed. The prisoner remained from her work during the whole of the week. and endeavoured to prevail upon the chUd to keep its bed, but the child would not. This state of things went on day after day until the 16th of June, when the prisoner took the child to a person nxamed Wood-Mr. Robert Wood, a surgeon at Aseton-under-Une. When the child was shown to Mr. Wood he told the prisoner that he saw nothing the matter 'with it, but he prescribed a powder and a dose of very innocent medioine-namely, salts and senna, or something of that sort. She went away, taking the medigine with her. On the second day afterwards-namely, on the 18th of June-she took the sane child to Mr. Tbomas Wood, a brother of Mr. Robert Wood, and told him that the child was m.bet to fits or internal convalsions. He said that he could not see anything to do with the child, hut he also prescribed for the child. She took the child hack to her lodging, and placed the bottle of medicine she had brought from Mr. Thomas Wood upon the mantelpiece downstairs. That medicine remained there, and was not made use of at all by the prisoner. Still the child kept playing about za usual. Mr. Thomas Wood visited him upon the 18th of June, and upon that occasion he thought he perceived con. gestion of the brain, and he prescribed the necessasy remedies for a disease of that kind. On the following day he called again, and the child seemed to be considerably better. On that same night the prisoner went to 3ir. Wood and told him that the child was really so much better that It was quite unnece for him to visit it any more. Mr. Woodthen discontinued his visits. The witness Mrs. Gorman would stae that up to this time she had never known a medical man to be called in to attend the child for anything. On the morning of Saturday, the 20th of June, the prisoner went out early, about 9 o'clock, leaving the chil upstair in bed,Undressed, When the prisoner had left the house the child went tothe top of the staircase and asked Mrs. Gorman to dress him. He complained of having a headache, bat Mrs. Gorman dressed him, and the child went out to play about 11 o'clock, and oontinued at play until about 7 o'clock in the evening. In the conrse of that morninz the prisoner went to the house of a person named Mary James, and asked her would she go to Mr. Mootyn's and buy her pennyworth of laudanum. Mrs. James, naturally enonuh, inqusred why she did not go herself; and in repy to that the prisoner said, " I don't lke to go myself, because I was at Mr. Mostya the other day and he made up some stuff which I didn't take," and she said also she had been at the house of Mr. Wood, the sargeon, and had asked him to give her some laudanum for the child, but he had refased to do Fo. That was totally untrue. After some persuasion Mrs. 1 James 'went to Mr. Mostyn's, and procured from him I two drachms of opium. She gave the laudanum to the priI soner, in the presenoe of a woman named Kenyon sad another woman namfsca Miller. MEs. Kenyon said to the |prisoner it would be a great tial to lose a child of that age; to 'which she replied, in th3se remarkable worde-" I would not sheda tsar if it died before morning." On the Saturday I evenig the prisoner went to the house of a person named Cbadwick, secrecary to a burial society, and asked where the collector of a certain district redded. Mirs. Chadwick gave her the name and address of the person, and she went away. At 7 o'clock on the Sunday morning the obild died. Thn prisoner then went to Mr. Thomas Wood and told bim +h. U : u1IU ; L.. - Vu. Jr. woozd ked her,wa the child in a burial elub, and she said it 'was not. She vwnted a certificate, but he refused to gie her one, as he was greatly astonished to hear of the child's death, inasmuch as she had called to tell him there was no necessity for his viting the child again, as it was so much better. About 2 o'clook on the same day sbe went , and saw the daughter of Mr. Wood, Mi Sarah Wood, and asked to see her father, Mr. Wood refused to see her, and she then pressed Miss Wood to write upon the settled biUl the word "fits,b' ut she would not. She then wena t Mr. Robert Wooa, e'ud tried to get a certificate from him. He would not give her a certificate, but at length he consented to write a' the bottom of the bill the word " convulsions." Before that she had gone to Mr. Whitehead, tho registrar of births and deAths, and produced Mr. Wood's settled bilM - but Mr. Whitehead was not satisfied with that, and told her she had better go to Mr. Wood and get a certificate. She I returned afterwardswlth the settled bill, with the word Convulsions" written uponx it by Mar. Robert Wood, and he then gave her a oertificate. That certificate she re sented to the treasurer of the burial sciety in which the cbild was enrolled, who immediately aid her the sm of 4',to which she was entitled. She then tried to get the cbild buriedimmediately, but sus cion, having been aroused, au investigation took plae, whic resulted in the apprehension of the prisoner and her committal on the charge of wilful murder. The learned counsel then prooeeded to call evidence in support of the above statement. Mr. T. AmTNSox then addressed the jury, and con. tended that there was no evidence that the prioe had administerc- the laudanum'which she had purchased, and that even if the jury should be satisfied that she bad done so it was imposible for them to believe that she administered it with any guilty intention, as it did not appear that she made any secret of her having laudanum, a drug frrquently used by persons in her class of life to soothe rest. le s children. He touched upon the affection which the prisoner always showed for her child, and her anxiety when the child was taken ill, which she showed in procuring 3nedical advice, the expenBe of which ehe we ill able to bear, And.urged the Improbability of her having wilfully and deliberately taken away the life of a child for whom she had, with a mother's love, worked like a slave, almost strving her3slf that it might live. Hlis LoBDSnP having carefully summed up, The jury, aiter a few minutes' consultation, returned a verdict of hrot Gildy. His LonsaSip then ordered the prisoner to be discltirged. Civin Couni. Mr. Baron Channell has been occupied all the day with the "nuisance cass" of the " Queen v. Spence." This morning the examination of the various scientific and other witnes-es for the prosecution was proceeded with, and about imid,day Sir F. Tn3SIGIM opened the defendaet's case in an eloquent and forcible speech, which ccupied two hours in the delivery, during which the learned counsel commented very strongy upon the general obaracter of the testimony which had been offered by the prosecution. Ai large body of evidence was then offered by the defeudaut, and&the case was proceediog at the rising of the Court. We shall reserve the report, but the evidence generally Posesses po featurs of phblio interest. 1r. Baron xWatson wiwl, it is expected, conclude the criminal business on Monday, and will then assist Mr. Baron Channell with the civil business. There are still many civil and common jury cases for trial.
BExrrON EXPSENsES fN CAMBnBDGESa=.-There was a sturdy contest in Ikrch last for the representation of Cambridgeshire, the candidates being the Hon. Eliot Yorke, 1Mr. Edward BaD, Mr. Henry J. Adeane, and Lord George Manners. The first three gentlemen were Ieturned, and the election auditor has just published the detailed accountc of both parties. Messrs. Yorke, Manners, and Ball, the Conservative candidates, expended in printing and advertiming 1481. 16e. 3 ; in travelling expenses and -conveyances for voter, M. li 3.; ia horse and fly hire, 7L Ils. IOD& in hire of committee-rooms, 42g. 7s.; in paymeDts to oommittee clerks, &c., 224 15.. 3d.; inspectors and "personation asgents," 32. ls. ; cbeck clerls, 141. 14s.; niessenges and card collectors, 244 16s.; sheriff's expenses, llig'boots, $w,, 29. 18se. 2d.; tradesmxen's bills, c 4d.; ezcy, 4274. Os. 5d.; and "sundries," 524 lOs. 2d.; lin. atogtl of 1,11.0. 2s. lld. The sepa. rate ccount of Ai. Adeanes, the Liberal candidate, shoqwn tbatthat gentler-In expended in printing and advertsng 193L. IOL 3d.; i . trieling expenses and conveyances for vote, 263L Os.l .; inhorandgiyhire. 24g. 6s.6d.; inbireof committee.roooi, 412.Us. 6d. ; in payments to committee lerks, 604 1; inspectors and "personation agents, 2UZ. 4. chec£, and return clerkcs, 251. 4s.; meseQers 284 14s; aherig's expenees,pollinig.booths,&c. 10042.. Od. tradesmen's bils,V 11.i. 6d.; agency, 3584 7s. * anDd "mndries," ff51. lOe. 4hd.; 2naing a total of 1,1971, 17a..
LMtTARY AND NAVAL INBLLGENCS. Major-Gener1 W-mdham, C.B, who has been electedto eommand a division in the East Indies, has left town for Marseilles, there to embLrk for Alexandria overiand t o Calcutta. Major-General Dupuis, C.R, of the Royl Artiller, another distinguished Crimean offioer, who is 'o hava ths command of the Royal ArtMery, departed on Tursday by way of Marseilles to assume his military dutie in India. A great many officts of the Qaeen's and t* Eat India Company's servioes left for Iudiu by the steamer 'which sailed from Southampton on Thursday, or vM- eilaes, including among others:-Colonel D. E, Wood, Royal Horse Artillery; Colonel A. H. Horeford, C.B., Rife Brigade; I-Aeutenant-Colonel Little, 9th Laners; Colonel Beecher, Msjor Brett, Captain Johnson, Captain Coles, Captain Brig, Captain Maxwell Captain IL Richrs, Captain E. J. Richards, Captain M'Queen, &c. The 15th Husas aud 6th Dragoons have both received order- to ma-ch from Aldershott, the former to Norwich xnd Ipswich, and the latter to Brighton. Before leavIng cmp the officers of the Ist battalion of the Rifle Bri. gade presented Mr. Govey, the atationmmter at Famborough, with a splendid silver cup, suitably inscribed. as a mark of their approdcatioa of his courtesy and attention. This makes the fourth valuable testimonial of lite same ' ind which Mfr. Govey h reeived within the lat few months. The troops beonging to the Royal Engineers at Chatham were on Saturday engaged in a series of operations ab Old Rochester-bridge, for the purpose of destroyiug that acient struoture. On Wednesday another large portion of the old bridge will be destroy.dby the Sappers and Miners. Coloel HL Savage, CommaudLng Royal Engineer at Chat. ham, has been appointed Commanding Royal Ener at Gibraltar, to which station he proceeds forthwith. The- clipper ship Lightniny. which has been taken up by the East India ComPany for the conveyance of troops to India, having been reported ready, reinforoement.s from the ioiowiug Indian dep8ts At the Provisional Battalion, Ohat. ham, are ordered to embark on board that vessel at Gravesend, vi. :-th (the King's), 10th, 29th, 32d, 35th, 5Wd, 6Wth [RHiles), 1st battalion, 75th, 82d, and 84th Regiments, with the undermentioned officers:-Captain Priestly, 32d Regient, Lieutent T. C. Robertson, and Lieutenant G. C. Bartholomew, 10th Regiment; Lieutenant G. Spencer, 824 Regiment; Ensign A. G. Black, Ensign G. X. Euradon, and Rnsg Cochrane, 29tb Regiment. The order for the embaration of the detachments of offioers and men of the 43d Light Infantry, 3d Battalion 60th Rifles, and 74th Highlanders at Portsmouth, for India h bkeen countermanded, and the reinforcements for thoe regiments, numbering 109 men, with nine officers, emain at Chatham Garrison until required to embark at GravesenLd. The P battery, Royal Arillery, which has left Norwich for the Camp at Shornolidffe, will form part of the reserves for India. The battery under the command of Major Ward, which has for some time past been stationed at Ipsewich, ha left that town for Woolwich, and is expected to embark shortly for India. On WednesdaY the 56th Regiment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Fay, arrived in Cork from the Curragh, from which camp, on their departure that morning, they were played out to the Grand Stand-house by the bands of the 99th R ent and d aad 13tah dght Dragoons. The regiment, in all probability, will rema in barrcks till about the 25th, during which time they will be able to provide themselves with sea kidt and other neoessaries for the voyage. The Cura3oa, L Captain Forbes, left Spithead on Friday evening for Woolwich with spernumeraries, to be paid off. The Roebuck and Sparrowhawk, steam ganvessels, Com--nders Martin and Byng, have gone to Spithead to await sailing orders for India. The Sidon, 22, paddle frigate, was docked at Portsmouth on Satarday for repairs. The Diadem, 32, Captain Moorsom, C.B., will be fitted out with a despatch at Portsmouth. Her complement will be 470. The Vernon, 1,000 tons register, Captain R. HL Consitt, one of the East Indian fleet belonging to Mr. R. Green, arrived last Friday morning in St. Helen's Roads from London, bound for Mauritius and Bombay. Daring the day she embarked Major-General Braton (late 1ieutenvatGovemor of Portsmouth) and Major Nelson, Military ecretay; Captain Aylmer, Aide-de-Camp; Miss Breton, Mrs Nelson and family, &c. Major-Genera Breton goes out as the Major-General on the staff of the Commander-in. Chief at the Mauritius, The Vernon sailed at 6 n''n wig, ' wre&l nUK QOwu Cha-L from E.S.l. The steamship Khersonae sailed from Liverpool for Porismouth on Saturday, to embark troops for the EWLst The steam-transport Dutchman, fitting out at Deptford, has been engaged to embark artilery stores, accoutrements, arms, and troops from Woolwich for India. The freightship John Bull in the London Docks, is enaged to ship 4,000 barrels of powder from Woolwich Arsanal for Montreal and Quebec. The Ireightslip Herculean, laden with ammunitlon, &c., fror Woolwich, is ready for sea, and is ordered to sail to-morrow (Tuesday) for Hongkong. The freight.ship Georgia, in the London Dock, Is em. harklng shell, shot, and ammunition from Woolwich for New Branswick, and is to sail during the week. The freight-ship Marlborough has shipped 72 barrels of ammunition andthroe field batteries of artillery from Woolwick for Bengal, and has sailed for Gravesend. Mr. Macdonald, Master-Attendaut of Woolvich Dockyard, assisted by his troop of seamen-riggers, who have been employed night and day during the last month in lifting and dragging the Defence hulk from the bed of the river off Woolwich Arsenal, succeeded on Saturday in carrying her, on the spring tide, lashed between a couple of frigates, over the verge of the low-water mark, where she will be overhauled by the shipwrights, so as to decde her futurw destiny. She now lies entirely dry forward, with a depth of four feet aft, and presents the appearance of being unfit for further service.
DISTPBUION OF HER MA!JESTYs REGI- XENTS IN INDIA. (From the United &rvice Gaete.) As a good deal of anxiety prevails in Engiand regarding the actual localitiesof the Queen's regiments serving inlnda we have drawn up the foTlowing from the scattered notices in the Indian papers. We think it may be relied upon as correct:- 6th Carabineers-Meerut. Prepued to move on Delhi. 9th Iancers-DelhL 12th Lanoers-Bangalore (Madrs Presidency.) 14th Light Dragoons-Two squadrons at Aurungabad (2NizaWas territories). One squadron, forming part of a fing brigade, to assemble at &igu OCaudeih, Dlecan). DepOt-Kirkee. near Poonsh. 6th Foot-Had arrived at Calcutta, and was to move up the Ganges towards Benares, Allahabad, and Cawupore. 8th Foot-Delhi. 10th Foot-Dirapore. 24th Foot-Punjab !Z6th E.n iskllens-Pnjalb. 29th Foot-Burmah. Ordered up to Calcutta. 32d Foot-Lucknow. 35th Foot-Barrackpore, near Calctta. 37th Foot-One wing at Benares; one wing at Calcutta. 43d.Light Infantry -Bangalore. 52d Light Iafantry-Ptnjab. 63d Foot-Caloutta. 60th Rifles-DlhiL 61st Foot-One wing at Ferozepore; one wing at Delhi. 64th Foot-Dfep6t, Belgause (Bombay Presidency), 500 men at Afllahabad. 70thFoot-Puniab. 75th Foot-Delhfi 78th Highlanders-Depot, Poonah. One wing at Benaes, one wing at Calcutta. 81st Foot-Lahore. 83d Foot-Dep6t, Doee; 500 maen on the march from Deesa to overawe the fewah territory. 84th Foot-Alahabad. 86th-One wing at Poo&h- one ving with the 14th Iiht Dragoons, en route to es-igaw. 97th, Pboyl Iis h Fusileers-Peshawr.
THE BISHOP OP ST. DAVID'S. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. You will perhaps allow me to state, in justice to your reporter, that in the two passages of my peech in the Rouse of Loxdsto which Mr. Dillwyn has drawn pubic attentdon in your columns, the only materialinaccuracy of the report [consist6 in the omsoun of a word of three letters in one I page and the insertion of a word of three letters in the other. The income of which I spoke as " independent of oceaeional and fluctuating fees" I distinctly stated to be the net income. In thv other passage I merely read an extract ftem a letter referring to a churchyard in the paish of Swansea, at about the same distance from the centre of the town as the newr cemetery, and ooncluding with the sentence reported in Thk limeg, to the effect that every parisioner might be buried in consecrated ground. The insertion of the article " the " before " consecrated ground " has cased the aablguity which has perplexed Mr. Dillyn, and probably other. It may be nqore interesting to your readers to know that I was informed by Lord Wensleydale that, in his opinion, I could not be oompelled to consecrate a burlground, either by imaumus or by any other leplgprooes; but he tkov2t that Iwa mistaken in requiring anything which the law did not precibe. This, however, appear6 to me to be not a legal question, but one as to which I way and ought to be gaided-by -y private Judgment. I am. Sir. your obedient mrvvant C. ST. DbAYB Aml9wm X&Lwot L*ZManneu, Alg. :u.
CRYBZT4L PALACZ Tne Second fat, of the Mri7Y COsi .Aseim" A 's plaee at the Crystal Palae n Satrday, R wde 39koi favoursh auspoes The w a froe eMceW S W, al that ould be wse4 t 'jcritet'Jlam. metsbopoltAn atblsheAtsbiia their bti I ib U -. objecbs of Ite aocac by aerdi ge.heJanito thgi cinplcyk, the iUtors to the balidiug. wg * auwaUW4Y numeros Te m e ca thlseeua as6 qe untotatmlJ dde rickue. Theze wethe ipes aadd C. thie Bootse s aC F^ e . wheeozrow andfoot ,A%, coneorks, fo-ftsluwHihI ad miliary gaes-in fa-t, wry tase was e aered for* and ali with suoei The game "a Wessm being th moat novel, were, of cvuzse, f moatitis etinof tbe days amwsement; &Ad the eaer delight wt bih te we watchedbythousands ought to gve She managens at the. Crystal Palac Company thear ue ato thes. withE wIck' the shiling publio ay be brought to Norwood. The Spac for the athletio dispays was waU ohoen on thb beeutalp kept turf nea th, ower fouintains,= a m- * wM- the majority of the spectaior had a clr vir. b: eaping aud hurdle zos were very good, but in th pme of tossing the saber, which followed, the *Abw ned was appartly so excessvely heay that litl a#than attempts to tom it could be made cm by the mo. Successful competitors. Some a the rom dispayd ma common isength and agty iu handlg is iawledy tothelodrawersandtandne1w coam =y we bedoubted a oftimber. The hlghjumpIgwwseeUwt,fhosght proprity of aliowiig the cDmpetitrs lathe ymefefeoaa mme2Beconoourseofldi.5n dp,toi>eom,pb Some of themen who had the decency So keep va their trouers did not seem to jump any the wons4or teenn-rh sitertainments wer brought to a slse bHi nd?-elthe sword dance, and some bouts a Au&est* bekwsei partes ofLe Guardmen, al of whi :w wll damesad most heatily applauded. Notdng could exed the exrderlye demenour of au the visitors, and thouh the Fsound ainw thronged4 not a pant or shrub was injured. All the aange. ments were good, and wee wl apprated. To our xnch games certainly eem te mnost suooefu amuseeulbe and the best adapted to the tM of Loadoners that t Cr Pal have yet brought forward. Today themowu . sports asdpastmes will be repeated, d wit this the fels Of the EArly Closng Amocation wiU conlude. Yor the sake of the publio we hope that wo shall xot be long wit* thers of a dimilr kid.
E'HZ ATE HIGHFIKLDHOUIIS OBSERVATORY, NEAR NOT. TURTGRAIL Thu!usy.-GraeaIst hiest in shde, 758;- aaopte aeea tempature. 657-6; mea Pere, 8OO; umn tee. peratureof£.v poration, 6 ~ of temPeratm 16-3-; 51w'; very mzien - b.m ek -t -TB. IOW1 THE GM :, HOS AI SOUTH UXCP, ALDER. SHOTT. TIhuay. Greatehst heatsde, 68A meanXe. 3 29*94; amount of soler adiation, 70; menpreur, rednoed to sea lerel, 30-19' 7 a liht shoerat ]ia.m,thea fa3r. Fxday Mormi3z.-Grsstest cold ingtj, 58O'; amount of evaporatiori, 0 080 o; eriXnu temperature on gre, L5a; mdulI. J. AIf2JOLD, Am .a Coqo. AusoDar 2L Thamym fle. Bometw. wb WOhW . uh3& .oou iNqM.S Ra.m. AiAug the ^,s. HinTS cvm Trmoxrxz urIm Nx m r OUMSDX RC XRX YArn, RorMXr. AUG. IL Da, o°Y rw h _W. Av. oW. S
EHLP AVX& LI&VEPOnT.. k,rn 2L W- d. O=#E T}ll o Quebo-tbe dsaw Ju from -sxaedl---tbe donUt bim X(olr ersMobra-tbom wtro a, B os b- Cd, BWe.-Ma Jhn uu. ,aSt ohn NAV. H le orrnX far Eeda-the Wa po, lo GenoahJbe Pe-e oe, fo ibag-U Wdb, foea. for A NiveoL-The lady ,Lin,fro Zksanrenfor e CMe hatoth frw Qfebec-the win bfoUr . Do oth b n. 1 Of(the Parnbe Jswmd, b 3eo -te £ , De aa-tHe Jtani fo B c Ae Tea merl-The JhD , c a nid Fohnlr,- tB-e ESe Ik sor ate N. aaner, lot Jr caijue Series, Sor K u Ther, A ot Xee de Versome Islafo 0i5, lon Bteksott Witc, for Poazu-theseabipho0e, lot Afmste Folly lot Thew xt% Tied ad B at'he 3stemhe, sot we d el- easw e onthe Misot e aria OSth fiott-Tbe Cheshr The Caml, ioied bt this ortm Ptland. oatt'nd.a and aeam on the fibL The Tamerlao, hencb as wik tl 3ofst r atthe TnoangLa hdnck, and arled o ath beacthoor,cU-o The Ann MKs:en, siled frm Hlifa lthl pe onL th tilAl The steaof TEso and the Eadhip ont hwo% and fom alb mari on the 354 IstK The Ptaripn, frm 1a, w d Serora f tkla a Qucatw on the Slt The Merurona, sn changig dock: In tow o1f asem wee el vS fhetoxb okand plce mn thie bleahea XsoWahoe The 01t7 of oatmre, aol te }cdjmsc het, ad the Iui i.rom Southampton, have united at !Tecw Yotk, The Chepolltenec ot L-neate 75 das from fote wa spoken on the 18tb of Jnme, in jot 35 8., lng4W 3,, bad bowen d AnlmII 2b dwmnendit di ngsgaInt s_g westWr2y gates; b d sice buholwwks lotnieaU U PA3x%o, Aut. 13.-The shemer Oibria. fro Malta to Masell, wa sk%ded at Cae W o, on the igbt oftelOi . bjt was got of on the nh, aud Proceeded sot hb desUn wihir a quantitotcoalthro.wn oTehoa, and an anchocLnSchain (lobs reoresed = aent to Emr YoMc, Aug. 1L-the tib shp dWab, ec Wwbler, dt rAterpo, fom he GOile or Ioerpoo, we eon G0donjllfAL In lat. A log , with the EL D. Brookman, boa HAnab, ne hee, ThbeWairler lIos jIUbnro. fo.ete_,m=, ancbor end ebei, e strIn togllst S oreale,ad woSpobabi potintoQua West lottepiris Strexy. ug.lI-The Pruh war jern Arm, en theJ inst. west ot IqSoen, fell in writhn a bandoned brlie baring a BSag dleiYed at hal-met; bOat were focuS witlhier: ineared tO be out Of WOtkIgOI an she we laden wth timbe. 2r > Peruwee daOymeld 01;sed ~bswrc we owedk InO" S. Pier1 bthe Ardent, LowDOx, Aug 2S.-Wiod at noon XNK; lgh I AM clear weather. nten P.ncux, Aug. IL-Wi1S. 8,S!le, the Jasaie _aI On. dine, the lOr Ionn anD; Beeher Stows; tot BelatL 3Bausror Aug. Pa-Wind B,; SodRO-Am,sd, the 3.cne o314, from SteOno-te Minrr,fom Tllaog-the Jerm, freer Gouc-the 1hmrc, frmWaebd-th Mga fr om Glsgowtbrie Cnalto, from Sal-the erowa, from W1 _et UsUal thie Athlete, 1 Livepool-the Ouria flot Or G"VELEND. AtV. 2L gBY X olqxrxa oXELAOW) Arrived an the !hL--The ,1 fm Croadt-the AztSm from Monel-the Loce, from Crunatadi-tbe An J-e r lottrdzL' '. S 30 a&-WInd, X; low w*tw ; cloudy. ArAnd.-ne K=2s, Iom ean. $.fed.-Tbe Pazd and Loadon, fow Padi-the CMY CC Queh It. Xonffea-the rlea for GhmV-tbb Xbwe, fe Soubgne Ka lands fIor Otond I Pm-Wnd, 3; ,o so"' ;. VOAe. hoe. Amried,-The Lhksr, from Earbizg-thO TW, *- wrn1nthe B3lalo, from Otd-tbe Triet, rm TOnig-1he Sw born Boonigon. da-TheBt luawdefr sfamam. S P.M.-Iwind 3.; hilh wider; AMe-N~O rlmb.L Sened,-The Sehioba. for Seb&edam. 7.,3 pzn-Wbd, X. tlde. die febooW: ns.A AriveL.-Tbe Aboa, ham Arc-hanel-tbe Pic, em tAea -t_e Aeia, fom Gotoebug-theWflli axdedok, from Drobk -theVine, fromaN--Ahe U wneurom Gab-ebn-thsBei. from Memel-the AdonI, fa goon-the Dane W er , J Gaand, from GfU-the Raimin, nm Qubec-the Al=, from ?suritioe-the Velbl bmo a4mghe erl. frm Qmube-tbhebe. rime, from Dein-'the MU Jozs, from Oporto.-te Wated., fro Hernoead-the Adm Lh bm. AIM MO-tb,wA, f-Wr _ - {hoN=qD^ r>nogthom S,kRMt6m the 2JanqP mm, fe oLrLeon-theRwriaa. sorALP*buQg-4b9 VIctOR6fria Noew York-the Mamboroug% fowOalg01uth tBZ M A2n* 3MLE!rrr ES. PL ,&UGMMr Mf 4.S3pmm-Wmd,3., XL g. tAde. bthwatm; f- Avred.-2ba Dragon nd the Oha, flrl -hb e 3a1b bow ianiberoar.& from Sottmdam-4be 711et, Mr.OI-au, aimd thei Azguot%, auiom gzlnu-4hep&dp and IMdol*OheBAMU_Vb Et deDadrecht, fom Drdt-the Rom SouDtwn, wa Hlmog-tim. Eir 3. BJ; ,, rolm Cala-the Comlmbae. fiom lod-tbe Lod J. mel, fronLDmkn-t4bO Magnekt, from a eaum-ilm * Loin, theAvlkeli the bSmlgi, and the Dirn"th, au foi DUnlak -the 3rde,ngw% fee Tarodx-4he NaIme, m Quebw-the Ag. frm Ja2*al-the S. Y., fm P lk-.h Obeaaa, ham H.,anah-theiAlI Diods fm 3lHnw-th3limg,fm DeukIek-tShe K emrie, from TielhPlao bwhe b,kode% l- Wow =m-the1Meta, E'tdSahaboe-tba A%rawdw from Ubftb-*t berol, blomQu-eehoapm*IEiea.u Dne ta:su -be PeOkOcCRO t1h Mb .-id bit.etDoowk-ihe 1Tenla, leeR ..tin4,uJM W fH rgarDbog-the -thePtank, lot AjeAhedalath Aieeda 1wthe ba, for Zottsrdbei-the MA ASoem nd Vb_NMM 001X ow Allt~rg.eeGdS x N d d EIGR W.&.B X LORM RG 'VSAS PAT. Ymbs .. 37 salm IDI 4hAwnom .. A 6- [IMveluIImXellLl-Wud!s New mali OEJIAb ' deeu=.-ube3Ilma,m_a*_ thaWed 3oda ,DawlaMm, n 3i,:e,"; udmt.& le Wa. d riaad1*Sena * * na - _=; a k.K Ja:Nola;xae,k .rmaw,IgQume,t "Qm t W *;,~~~~~~set4e
. BAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. SOUTE EASTEBN. From the analysis of receipts and expeuses given in the' veport of the direotors of this company, it appears that the gross rweepts for the half-year ending the 31st of July lsa ameonted to 502,5231., against 503,1771. at the corresponding,period of 1856; the working expenses to 258,5561., against 267,3211.; and the net receipts to 243,5I9l., against 235,A55. at the same period of 186; showing that while there was a decrease of 653t1. in the gross receipts, there was also a decrease of 8,7651. in the working and other expenses, vwhich resulted in an increase of 8,111t in the netreceipts as compared with the corresponding half-year of 18656. The gross receipts for passengers, parcels, nudils, &c*, amounted in the past half-year to 366,395. ; mecohandsze, rminerals, and cattle, to 101,4401.; steamboats, to 26,1101., aud rents 8,5771. ; together, 502.S2S. Several icrcumstances have tended to diminish the passenger re. ceipts during the past half-year. Among these are mentioned the decrease in the movement of troops to and from Aldershott, Shernaliffe, Daver, Woolwich, and Chatham. The discontinuance of the Greenwich fairs at Easter and Whirtsntide has also led to aaeonsiderabie diminution in the zeceipts on the Greenwich branch. Notwithstanding these adverse circumstance, the elasticity of the local trafflc has been such that the total receipts frem passenger traffic on the railway showa small increase over those for the corresponding period of 1866. The receipts from other descrip. tions of traffic have on the whole been well maintained The expenditure on the repair and renewal of the perma. aten way, although less than that of the corresponding weriod of lst year, is nevertheless in excess of the average expenditure of preceding years. The condition of the road has, in consequenoo, been materially improved. The steampahekts have been well maintained, at a reduc. -tion in the expenditure under this head of 2,6511. on the lalf-year. The packets have run 26,070 miles during that period, at an average speed of 14.1 statute miles per hour, -the average time oscapied in making all the passages between -the opposite shores having been 1 hour 58 minutes. The expenditure on capital account during the half-year has amounted to 60,10-4. The amount realized during the last year for the sale of surplus lands has been 17,0821. The Bill promoted by the company for obtaining authority t i form -a relief line between Lewisham and Dartford and for other purposcs has received the Royal assent, but is limited in its objects principally to the formation of the junction at Tonbridge, and the increase in the nue-lification oi directors from 600U. to 2,0001. stock, to belbela for three mionths previous to the date of election; and further, that 21 days, notice be given of the intention of any proprietor to offer 'hinself for the offlce of director. In order to afford explanations on the accounts now published tc such proprietors as may desire them, the directors and auditors wiml attend at the offices -at London-bridge from 12 to 2 p.m. on Wednesday next. The report of MIr. P. A shcroft, the engineer, states that a wonsiderable portion of the main line has been relaid with newt f'shjolnted rails, chains, and sleepers. A large quan. tity of ballast, consisting of shingle from Rye Harbour, has also been added to the road, which has thus been greatly improved. The capital account shows that 11,45i8,943M bad been received, including 47,8871. during the half-year, and 11,535,831 . expended, includin- 48,8701. during the halfyear, leaving a balance of 76,A,8i. The revenue account shows that 002,5231. had been received and 2W0,0921. expended, leaving a balance of 252,4311. To this sum is added 1,r611. from last account and '1701. interest on deposits, making 254,7621. Otut of this sum is deducted 23,3S71. for rents of Greenwich branch, Deptford Creek-bridge, and A ngerstein branch, 104,372t. interest on loans and preference shares, 6281. Parliamentaryr expenses, 7,4151. compensation for injuries and losses by accident, and 4201. reserve for had debts, le:a5ving a balance of 113,58. for dividend, which, at Us. per 301. stock, will absorb 111,5051., and leave 7,031. GREAT NORTHEPRN. The directors of this company have just issued their report. It states that the capital ex-pended to the 31st ol December, 1856, amounted to 11,227,10SI., the pavments during the half-year to 52,3351., making the total amount of capital expended to the 30th of June, 1857, 11,279,4441. Tile cash and securities held by the company to the 30th of June amounted to 187,3231., and the 5 per cent. preference capital yet to be called, 400,00. The gross traffic receipts during the half-year ending th O30th of June werelSl,8:311., but from this is deducted the rum of 4.2001. under the award of 3Mr. Gladstone of the 22d of April, 1857, reducing the available receipts to 577,6311., being 9,7911. more than at the corresponding half-year of 1856. The total rQxpenditure for the half-year is 296,9551., leaving a balance of receipts beyond expenses of 280,6761., beig 35,44251. more than the balance available in June, 1856. To the 2830,676?. is added 8,4001. due from the Eastern CoUnties Coni. pany, malking a total to meet fixeed charges and dividend of 289,0761. The iixed charges, mortgage interest, &c., amount to 103,7991., and the dividends on thie several preference stocks at the prescribed rate to which they are entitled to 85,0211., leaving 98,25.51. applicable to dividend upon the original stock and upon the B stocks ; and will glv so£, I "--"k 21. per ce,f-I5,. th- being at thwe ra'te of 4 per c,.: i- annum ; and to the B stock 4t. per cent, for the half-year towards the 6 per cent. for the year guaranteed at the eost of the A stock, and the directors recommend that these rates of dividend be declared accordingly. They state that this is the largest rate of Gividend that has as yet been declared forthefirst or summer half of any year since the formation of the company, and serves to mark the steady progress of the trx1lic. The report then enters into the followving statement with respect to the Redpath frauds .- T The directors will naturally be expected to give an account of the further proceedings respecting what may be shortly called the Redpath Fraud Bill " It will be remembered that the Bill, which hadl to be deposited in Parliament before the opinion of the shareholders was ascertained at the last half-yearly meeting, provided a mode of settlement which would have thrown the 'whole loss on the ordinary and -A shareholders. The day before thab meeting a deputation of such sbareholders waited on the chairman, and said they should object to any such mode of settlement; that they were prepared to give up the whole of their past half-year's dividend a' once, but would consent to nothing more; and accordingly an amendment to that effect upon the directors' resolution was proposed at the meeting on the 12th of Macch, ana carried almost unanimously. " It has been falsely alleged that the directors themselves obtained that reversal of their own proposal by misstating and suppressing the decision and opinion of the Chairman of Committees of the Houme of Lords on the deposited Bill. This has been partly answered and explained already, but thinugh the suppression by 27e 2'ssaes of the chairm3n's reply to; their repetition of the misstatement the whole answer has not yet been given. " Lord Redesdale objected to the Bill for capitalizing the loss, but said he should not objeit to its being spread over several half-years, in order to alleviate the distress which might be caused by the stopping of the whole dividend of one half-year. But the depuitation first, and the meeting afterwards, were obviously determined not to have the loss epread over several half-years, because that would allow the preference and B shareholders to escape altogether as completely as the original plan of capitalizing the loss. In fact, they went beyond Lord Redesdale in objecting to the Bill ; and therefore it would have been simply useless to tell them that he would consent to a mode of settlement the principle of which they altogether objected to. " It is further alleged that the directors suppressed Lord Redesdale's notes upon the Bill, because they contained the opiniorn that I the loss should be borne (as the City Article in The Times stated) by them as a penalty for their gross neglect.' If this statement had been true it would have been nothing to the purpose ; for, although Lord Redesdale's authority is practically absolute as to the admission of private Bills, the opinions which he is in the habit of volunteering upon them are of no authority whatever, and are neither worth suppressing nor disclosing. The short proof of this is, that when it was proposed to read that opinion to the committee of the House of Commons they refused to listen to it, and when it was read to the committee of the Lords they entirely disregarded it. * But, in fact, the statement in Thc Times was utterly untrue. Lord Redesdale wrote no such opinion as they represented. What he did write was, that the directors ought to bave the dividend on their qualification stopped for as many half-years as the loss should be spread over by the Bill, which would have amounted to about 311. each per half-year, instead of nearly a quarter of a million in the whole, as The Times' City Article writer stated. Btut if he could not un(derstand Lord Redesdaie's opiniion, Messrs. Lawrence and Nisbett, the salicitors to the preference shar-eholders, evidently did understand it; and yet they assured 2-nc Times that their article was substantially correct-not to mention other misstatements as bad or worse than this; and Tile 5Timest printed their letter and suppressed the chairmasn's answer to it. " The proprietors have been informed already that the Bill was passed unanimously by the committee of the House of Commons, having been amended in accordance Nith the resolution of the 12th of March, anti wvith the opinion of the Attorney-Genesal that that resolution and Bill so amended were in conformity with the legal rights of the different classes of shareholders. No attenipt to alter this decision w-as made on the third reading in the Ilouse of Commons. " On the ascond reading in the Lords Lord St. Leonard's and Lord Wensleydale, both preference shareholders, and one of them a petitioner against the Bill, spoke against it - bUt they neither divided the House, nor dispsted the correctness of the Attorney-General's opinion on the law of the case. Before it went into committee ib had been again approved by a large majority. of the special meeting of the proprietors held on the 8th of July, when the votes against the Bil only represented one-ninth of the entire stock of the company and only one-fifth of the preferential stoks; and it was again passed unanimously by the committee of the Lords. " In that committee certain words were added with the view of making the avowed intention of the Bill clearer, and of preventing litigation, which litigation, if succedsful, would nalify the intention of all who had joined in passing it, and, even if unsuccessful, maighb prevent the paymnent of dividend for an indefinite time. The committee entirely approved such amendment, and although Lord St. Leonard's and Lord Wensleydale tried to expunDge it on the third reading, they were defeated by a majority of 43 to 7. But.the Hou6e of Commons was induoed, by an aetive prirate canvass of members, to disagree from the Lords' amendment, notwitbstanding it was supported by the chairman of the 'Commons committee, as only making their own inten. I tion more clear, and by the chairman of committees of the whole Hotree. " The direetora had then to consider whether they should let the Bill be lost by the disagreement of the two Honses, in wchich oase it was certain that no dividend could legally be paid till this time nexkt year, or ask the Lords not to jgsgijton cotheir amendment, AA take th9 chance Of the divi- dend beisit suspended by litigation on the paxt of the pre. ference .hareholders. For their guidance on this question, they again consulted the Attorney-General and mr. Rooh. Tlo. Clarke as to the effect of the Bill without the Lorde' enmendmnent, and received the following opinion 11 I OPINION. '1L We are of opinion that, in the event of the BiY pa-sing without the words added in the House of Lord, to the third clause, the directors in preDariDg a scheme shoring the profits of the company to be sttbmitted to tbe next ordinary meeting of the Great Northern Railway Con?.pany, preparatory to a declaration of dividends, should not include in such scheme any part of the moneys tF.e appropriation of v.hich is provided for by the Bill. " ' 2. We are of opinion t4at such Echema should not provide for the payment to the preference msockhoiders of any greater amount than that of the first hlf-years dividend of 1857, and that a resolution of the meeting adopting such schenie could not be successfully resisted by the preference shareholders on the ground that tiey are entitled to a greater amount. The Bil, as it stands, in fact, appro. priates any surplus which may remain after making good the osses occasioned by Redpath's frauds, and treats snoh surplus as the dividends to which the stockholders re it would have been entitled if a dividend had been de for the half-year ending the 31sti of December, 1836. "'RICTrARD BISTEELL, "G. ROCHFRT-ji CLR.aSK. 'Temple, July 25 1857.' "After this opinion the directors did not think they should he justified in allowing the Bi llto be lost, aud they determined to take it without the clause in question. The 'scheme' for this half-year's dividend is prepared in conformity with the above opinion, and it is to be hoped that the proprietors will do their best towards making an end of this unfortunate business by adopting it -without alteration. The suit in Chancery which has been already instituted by a small party of the preference shareholders may possibly be decided by the Vice-Chancellor, who is sitting in London for the vacation, before the meeting takes place; but, even if it is not, the vote of the shareholders will have to be taken upon the declaration of dividend, as usual, subject to the decision of the Court as to the claim of the preference shareholders to what they caU their arrears. " Much as the directors, in common with the great majority of the proprietors, must regret this additional element of confusion which has been thus introduced into the case, they have the satisfaction of knowing that they did their best to prevent it. On this point they will not go further into details at present. They will only add that, notwithstanding the obloquy that has been poured upon them for their adherence to the resolution of the shareholders in preference to their own nrevious proposal, they venture to think that if they had taken the opposite course, and attempted to override the decision of a large majority of the company, in obedience to the clamour of a smnll minority, they would have forfeited al ela_n to future confidence.n Erom a ta''e given in the report of the result of the examination by the company's officers of the frauds of Redpath it appears that the loss by frauds in stock of the Great Northern Company amounted to 201,5321., in stock of the East Lincolnsoire to 18,1001,, together 219,6321. The loss by frauds in dividend of the Great Northern Company amounted to 20,7511, and in dividend of the East Lincolnshire Company to 5471., together 21,2991. ; ma?king the total loss in stock and dividend 240,9311. But as 2,4821. was provided for and paid out of dividend sat apart in excess, and 7171. interest on original shares paid out of capital, together 3,1991., the amount for which the company will have to provide is 237,7321. This amuount does not of course include expenses. The directors then pass to moze pleasant topics. And first they congratulate the shareholders on the prospect of a considerable increase of trafflc from thle opening of the Leicesteand Hitchin line. The arrangement with the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnahire Company has been already brought under tha special notice of the proprietors. They state that when it is considered that all the traffic which may be got from Lancashire will he so much clear gain to this company, no one can either doubt the advantage of the arrangement or be surprised at the unusual ill-temper displayed by the London and North-Western Board in their late report, and in the published correspondence of their offlicials. They also state that the Sheflield Company are quite able to defend their own conduct respecting the agreement which they allege thatthe London andNorth-Western Company had systematically violated before the Sheffield Company formally terminated it; and that this Great Northern Board would have said nothing on the subject if the London and North-Western report had been silent about them. They repeat that the guarantee of 10,0001. per week to the Sheffield Company cannot affect the receipts of the GreatNorthern Company, as it is tobe made up (it required) by payTent out of a new through traffic between London and plUes west of Sheffield (after deducting wvorking expenses). The receipts of the Sheffield Comnpany now amount to about l1,500. per week. The number of Manchester passengers by the new route is already considerable. After some observations on the London and North-Western Board, the breaking of a special agreement made between the latter company and the Midland Company, and adverting to the speedy prospect of the gap of 23 miles between Ingleton and Tebay being filled up, wbereby the Great Northern will become, with other companies, the shortest line to Edinburgh and Glasgow, the directors state they think it prudent againto issue bolank proxies to the proprietors on account of the importance of a decisive vote upon the various subjects to he discussed at the general meeting on the 29th inst. NORTH DEVON, The report of the directors of this company states that ;tfse action of the shareholders generally the board tvwo directors, and the auditors, to inspect and report on the state of the caoital stock and debenture debt, of the transfers of the same, and of the accounts of the company generally. They found them all correct, and, in pursuance of the recommendation of the committee, the directors would subnmit to the shareholders certain resolutions with reference to the 150 extension shares, the 4501. paid thereon and since for. feited, and for merging the 1,9001. stock now in the secretary's name, and adding the amount thereof to the 32,7611. received on the forfeited shares, maling a total of 34,6611. forfeited and not entitled to any dividead. The only land settlement not actually completed by the execution of the conveyance has been arranged at the suns of 2,3601.,which sum will be tak-en in shares; and this settlement concludes the land purchases. The total traffic for the half-year is 10,8031. as compared with 10,1371. at the corresponding half-year of 1856. LXhe next reveaue balance for the past half-year to the 30th of June is 5,554.- but, as the debenture and other interest and the dividend on the preference stock have increased by 4201., the net amount applicable to a dividend on the ordinary stock is diminished to 1,3301. for the balf-year; and the directors recommend a dividend at the rate of lSs. per cent. per annura on the total ordinary stock of 295,1921. The dividend will absorb 1,3281. and leave 21. The capital account showved that 494,3341. had been received and 497,8371. expeuded, leaving a balance against the company of 3,5021. -he revenue account showed that the six months' rent frorm Mr. Brassey amounted to 6,6001. and transfer fees to 11. 7s. 6d., the expenses to 4461., and the net revenue, as above, to 5,5541. SOUTH YORKSHIRE. The report of the directors of this company states that the accounts for the half-year ending the 30th of June exhibit a gross income of 67,3761. earned in connexion with the railway and navigation at a total expenditure of 30,906b, or 45 9 per cent., being 53S6 per cent. on the railway, and 34-6 per cent. on the navigation, leaving a balance of 36,4691., which, added to 7121. from the last account, makes an available sum of 37,1811. for interest and dividend. Ouat of this is deducted 21,5641 for interest on loans, rents, &c., leaving 15,6161. for dividend, which, after payingr the interest on the guaranteed shares, wil yield a dividend at the rate of 21 per cent. per annum on the ordinary capital, leaving a balance of 1111. The gross receipts, as compared with the corresponding haLf year of 18a6, show an increase of 10,8741., or 19'2 per cent., which has been earned at an increased expense of 5.2861. The increase in the passenger traffic amounted to l,6461,, in the merchandise to 831., and mineral traffic to 6,193. A table of the quantities of coal Eent out of the South Yorkshire district from January, 1855, -to June, 1857, sbows that for the balf-year ending June, 185D, 152,270 tons were sent out; ending December, 1855, 270,485 tonis; ending-June, 1856, 304,650 tons; ending December, 1856, 418,639 tons; and ending June 30, 1857, 433.983 tons. In addition to the outlet for steam coal ria Grimsby, arrangements have been made since the opening of the Barnsby branch between the South Yorkshire and the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire railways, for sending coal by that route to Liverpool for export, and a considerable trade isn likely to arise to that district. The additional ordinary capital upon which dividend is payable this half-year in 143,8551., being the amountcalled up within the half-year, in addition to 10,1701. which been appropriated to preference capital The depression in the coal-market has been as great during the last half as in those which preceded it. The South Yorkshire coalfield has had to deplore bv the accident at the Lundhill CoDiery the loss of nearly 200 hands, and the conseunent stoppage of the pit, which contributed 2,0u0tons of coal per week to the traffic on the line; and th s lamentable event also checked the operations of other collieries. These circumstances have impeded the progress of the traffic ana asneered the company's receipts; but confidence is again restored among the colliers, and new pits are opening to increase the supply. The competition of the Durham, the Derbyshire, and the Leicestershire fields with the South Yorkshire field is now so strong as to compel this company to regulate its charges by those of the competing sources of supply. The capital account showed that 2,171,0951. had been received, and 2,117,3071 expended, leaving a balance of 53,7871. The revenue account for the half-year ending the 30th of June showed that the receipts on the railway amounted to 40,0371., the expenses to 21,4521., or 53-58 per cent., and the balance to 18,6841. the recaipts on the navigation amounted to 27,339. * the expenses to 9,453l., or 34o58 per cent., and the net revenue to 17,SSlg. WEST-ENTD A ND CRYSTA^L PALA ^CE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Fri day at Gresham-honse, Old Broad-street, Mr. C. L. Webb in the chair. The secretary (ir. Bellamy) read the report, which stated {hat, during the past six months the works betwreen. the Sloane-street station and Wand,worit-come on had made rapid progress, and were now in such a state of forwardressw as to leave no doubt of the enrl opening of the line througeout. The Norwood branch would shortly be opened for nublic traffic. The construction of this company's Farm berough Extension to Bromley seas also rspidly advancin. The local traffic on the line now oeen from the Crysita Palace to Wandswortn-common, a distance Of 4 niles chains, was highly satisfactory. During the seven months fcr which this length had been open upwards of 225,000 passengers had been conveyed upon it, and the gross receipts had amiounted to 2,6181., which, deducting 421 ;cer cant. fo working charges under the areemnent with the Brighton Compcany, and Government duty, left a net revenue of 1,3761., or about S0l. per week. The main terminus to the Brighton, the South-Eastern, and the ?iZntigh linesas VAwel asto afird fagilities of AsSa to the popCIlation of the West-end of London and to the trafdia ifrOm the South-Western lines to the Crystal Palace; s&V 9ieat the chief sources of the revenue of the line were therefore not yet in operation. The directors looked foraRd vith coinidence, from, the results of the working hitbiarto, to the development of a traffic, upon the opening of the hne throughout, which should fully realize their original expectations. The balance of the revenue account will be devoted towards payment of debenture interest. The directors contintted in friendly relations with the several companies, and would be prepared to afford every facility for promnoting the traffic over the lines of the cornpany. The accounts showed that the receipts had been 409,7901. and the expenditure 373,SSSI The CHAIRMAN, in moving the adoptiou of the report, said it was a matter of congratulation to the directors that they were able to show a profit on their first half year's working of 1,3761. This was a matter of sincere congrata. lation, and when added to the fact that they had carried 225,000 passengers was an unquestionable proof of the value of the utndertaking. The Brighton Company would pay them a rent of S,0001. a-year for liberty to run over their line; sad when the South-Eastern and Kentish Companies found it their interest to get a West-end terminas, which they would do sooner orlater, the revenue of the Crvstal Palace line would be enormously increased. The directors hoped that the line would be open to Sloane-street in the beginning of next year. They also looked to the extension of the line to Bromley as of great importance. In reply to questiong, The C IRMAN said that no negotiations had taken plae between the parties promoting the project for the conversion of the Grosvenor Canal into a railway, but that when any proposition was made to the company to connect their line with that project they would be disposed to consider it. The report was adopted, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. MONKLAHD. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Glasgow on Thursday, Mr. John Bain in the chair. The secretarv read the report, an abstract of which has appeared in TKe Times. The CHAIRM A.N then moved that the report be adoDted, and that a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent. be decfared. Ee congratulated the meeting on the prosperous state of the company's affairs as regarded their respectabie revenue, and expressed his bappiness that very fewv serious accidents had occrred since their last meeting. At the time the present Board was appointed 21,0001. of revenue was left in the hands of the directors to be exneuded upon certain thinas, and that money, he hoped, ha:d been expended in a way satisfactory to the general body of shareholders. Mr. HAlMiLTOY, a shareholder, thought that the sum of 20,0001. rmight be placed in the hands of the directors, to be expended in locomotives, plant, &c., and to keep the line in good working order. Mr. BRowN seconded the adoption of the report, which was agreed to. Mr. CocHRANE, in reply to a question, stated that the inoreased expenditure had been occasioned by extending the depdts for the increased mineral traffic from the new branches. The workmen's wages had also been raised. After some discussion regarding Mr. Hamilton's proposition, it was resolved that as new works, either on the main line or on the branches, are properly chargeable to capital, and not to revenue, the directors shall report specially upon such works, from what source they are defrayed, and the ground on which they are so debited. The meeting wvas then made special, and the directors were authonzed to raise 33,1201. upon shares under the Act of 1848, and 137,0001. by the creation of new shares under the Act of 1857. The meeting then separated. MARYPORT AND CARLISLE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Wednesday at Maryport, Mr. G. W. Hartley in The chair. The report stated that 26,0491. had been received during the half-year ending the 30th of June last, against 23,9271. at the corresponding period, showing an increase of 2,1221. The expenditure amounted to 13,0101., against 12,8591. showing an increase of 1511., which, deducted from the gross increase, leaves a net increase of 1,9711. over the net revenue of the correspondinr period of 1856. The rolling stock had not only been f'ify maintained during the last half-year, but it had been greatly improved ; 25 coal waggons had been entirely rebuilt and fitted with malleable iron wheels at the cost of revenue. Daring the pasb half-year a considerable portion of the line had been doubled and relaid, and every exertion would be made by the directors to complete the work as soon as possible. The new works at the Maryport station, in connexion with the floating dock, will be in operation in the course of the ensuing month. The directors have much pleasure in recommending a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. per an. num upon all shares, both original and preferential, payable on the 7th of September, subject to the deduction of incometax. The report of Messrs. Cowan and Richardson, the auditors; states that of the 555,0001. authorized by Parliament 43,4991. remains unexpended. The part of the line doubled between Aspatria and Leegate has cost 6,9051. They remark that the average expense of this portion per mile is wonderfully less than that of the portion between Maryport and Aspatria doubled many years ago. The working expenditure on revenue account was considerably increased by 1,1481. expended on relaying the line, and 7951. expended on new earriages, chargeable to the rolling stock portion of the revenue account. They consider that there is stil great room for a further reduction of expenditure in various departments. The capital account showed that 477,4741. had been received, and 511,5011. expended, leaving a a-ont against the company of 34,0271. The revenue acon o-the halt-year suowea -urrti-s-eoo+o. 4 . la been recesived, 13,8781. exDended on working and renewals, and 3,1041. paid for interest on loans, leaving 9,0671. The CiAsnaARw,in moving the adoption of the report,said that the revenue was satisfactory, although their passenger traffic had considerably fallen off, as was anticipasted from the opening of a rival line of railway rnunnin for some distance almost parallel with their own line. Their priucipal increase was in the shipment of coals and iron ore; and the increase of the mineral traffic with Dublin was especially string when compared with the corresponding perod of last year. The coach and waggon department had involved considerable expenditure. Three and a-half miles of the line had been doubled, making the whole of the line double to Leegate, a distance of 13 miles. He hoped they would be able to relay the extent of 20 miles by the end of the next half-year. He had no doubt that the new dock at Maryport would be a great benefit to the port and the railway. 3ir. BRISCOE ex;pressed his satisfaction at the dividend of 5 percent., and thought the directors were entitled to their best thanks for having brought the line to its present satisfactory position. Dr. CoWvAN considered thab they vere doubling their line very cheaply indeed. The original estimate was 2,0001. a-mile, but it had been done considerably below that sum. Formerly the doublin gof eight miles from Miaryportto Aspatria had coat 35,0001, and If the present plan couldbe carried out the remaining 20 milesa to Carlisle would be done for less than the eight niles had cost. Resolutions were passed adopting the report, declaring the dividend, and re-electing the retiring directors and auditor. The proceedings concluded, as usual, with a dinner at the Golden Iaon. TRABC RETURNS. Miles Psae Mler. Total, Total. 3aulwa open, a Cnge3. chandise. 1857. 1856. Weak ending Aug. 1 ManageandWavee.. - .. 26 .. -. ,, 219 Week ending Aug. 13. MarslAntomia . . * - - *, - . 263 .. 222 Week ending Aug. 16. Caledonian ..- .. .. 198 - . - 14,786 - . 13,774 IRISERAILWAYY RETURNS, MADE 17P i i-nO rE lIz'EVE DATE$ AS USDER - 1857. 18s8 Name of ai1way. S. a.. l.Sa. d. 'Belfast and Biallymena. Aug. 15 - 1,191 18 7 - 1,034 7 0 Belfast and County Doiw, Aug. 16 = -.. 35316 0t 3t8 17 4 Cork and Bandon, AUR. 15 . . 26t 16 5 . 226 2 5 Cork, Biaskrmock. and Passage. Aug. 15 317 11 3 316 8 1 Dublin and Drogheds, Aug. 16 1575 5 3,726 7 7 Du,blin and Belfast Jiuaction, Aug. 18 1.119 12 0 I= ,23 4 Interest on NavanrBranch- -16 8 18 0 . 7103 1s 0 Dublin andi Kinsgtown, Aug. 15 - 1.416 13 3 - 1.1794t 18 9 Dublin and Wicklow. Aug. 15 83 125 4 87514 6 Dunudalk and Enniskillen, Aug. 16 . 590210 3 419 7 11 Great Souithern and Western. Aug. 15 6,3b4 7 II - 7,619 0 10 Ir6h South Eastern, Aug. 18 -. .. 82 5 5 3 37415 5 KillazneyJunction. Aug. 15 437183 3 -. 509 5 3 Londooderry and Enniskljlen, Aug. 15 763 a1 6 705 18 10 Landonderfy andi Coleraine, Aug. 15 444 51 2 - 3t8 4 6 Limerick and Fovnes. Aug. 15.. . 169519 6 - - $4 6 5 blidland GreatWestern, Aug. 16 . 4,6610 5 4,51 7 1 Ulster, Aug. 16 L. LO175 9 .3,: '7 Waterfordaend Limerick.&ug . 1*4i 2 5 1 5 1,167 6 11 'Watesfcrd aud Tramore, Aug. 15 .. 298 3 10 - 218 5 2 Watetford af dKdcneuny, Aiug. 156 495 5 10 .. 49113 0
FATAL AcciDE3NT 0N TRE GRIAT NoRTmiE RAuiWvAY.-On Saturday an inquest was held at the Railway Tavern, Colney-hatch, before Mr. Wakiey, on the body of Mr. George Cox, aged 62, bookseller, at No. 27, Bedford-street, Covent-garden, and superintendent of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, who met with his death at the Colney-hatch station of the Great Northern Railway on Thursday eveeing last. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased left King's-cross station in the 7.50 train, which arrived at Colney-hatch about a quarterpast 8 o'clock. On reaching the station the train passed to the extent of several carriages beyond its usual resting point, sevea or eight carriages having passed the platform altogether. Several of the passengers then alighted upon the plat form, one of whom, alfr.Wilson, a solioitor residing at Southgate, saw the deoeased open the door of the carriage and come out. As it appeared evident that the traia must back in consequence of having gone so far, he called to the deceased not to get out. He, however, had taken a second step, and, the train being then in motion, he lost his footing and fell between the platform and earriages and disappeared. The train was immediately stopped, andbhe unfortunate gentleman was taken up, but death must have been instantaneous, the head being literally crushed. The evidence as to whether the train had really stopped before it was reversed was conflicting, one of the witnesses stating that, among others, a lady had alighted from the carriage in which he was seated and had several parcels handed to her from the carriage while the train stopped. It was also stated by various passenger. that they did not hear the whistle sounded, or receive any warning that the train would be backed, although it was admitted that the whistle might have been sounded without tlheir hearing or noticing it. The engine-driver, on the other hand, positively affirmed that the train -was not stopped at all, but was reversed immediately, and that he sounded the danger whistle and also the guardt's whistle giving himasignal 'to put on the breaksg. It was state by several of the passengers to be usual for them to open the doors of the carriages and alight.without wait.- lag -for the officers of the company to open"the doors. It .ranspired in the course of the inquiry that the stationmaster at the Hatfield station had got on the engineatF Hornsey, and wsas proceeding to BHat'feld at the thme of the accident, and, as he wvas not p resent at the inquest, the coroner thooghtit essential wothleends of jusGice that lhe slhoujld be forthcomhing The pooeedings were von;sequently ~~d~oss~d tu~IU Thursday nexat
New a cbeaez eitlnn nowrady In I voL. 6Os S., bound, .31A 31EX- tGentlefdeman,i 'JohnHalifaer E or,e f the noblest etodet amnong todern worke of fictiort. Toe iirestotthe story is entgehraling, the reaeratnEmisably Bustained, and th ooraexcelent."-r~. Erat ad Biakett, publishers, isue. ceatoes to Hentry Coibuezn. Now ready, in 2 oe.with ll~rtor k. ASSAG]ES in the LIFE of a I3OLDER *or, Mill- ItrySrieIn teEs niWs,BLei.o.S.A55 , AI.BR Iu OER, K.a.3.8,, Deplly utereartingend Ini lio l able infownation."-&e sientej" This s 6 geuine eoldsE book {t is hih4ly entertaining "-Navat and 2ltisry Gazette. "We hays read tbeteerecollectionsa ithmc neei-ieay(aet.'n gret mnerit of choacgsIsra a'ene. Ante etr ltewo'k Is experienrte.l-Spt There is anheand spirit in all . ol. This de gio pnbLihed in two.. ith a s,M s S Inveitnc$t or JOfthStPreken Cat les a nd fuom t rsith itSO 0 crso frle Ln d I itis nda wLhich is now un- Eastern Continental ZmpIe. By Lit..G l R.R.S. L.ndon. Wmn. H. Allen andl Co.. 7.ewnbirset In ace large voL. Seo., with MAp. prc ijI. M R. THORNTON's GAZErT'EER of INDIA, bronguht down to the Preen;t icme. May be haon boos:. relert. London. Was. H. Alien andi Go, i. Lashl.tet HATS or IiNDIa. A LLEN's MAPS of INDIA are the only onex | drawn from surveys eeouteal y orderof the Governmnent of India, A Itst Of them maY be had on application. London, Win. H. Allen anid Co.. 7, Leadenhall.etreet. ORBES M SHINDUaAIWRS F ORHES'E INDUSTI DICTIONARY. |_ ___ _ ____ uGr'3Gammmar. lIa. MauueL 53.6Sd, BElL)|3r;nglBgh-.o-Bahar. 1s, Totsa Kehala 10'. Lendon, W. IL Allen an'd Co., 7, Lsdenballtreet. AI-A1LN's MA1`Set lNDId,allfromnthe Lts uvi n rw h7JOkN WALKER, Geographber t tohe H.L no, A MjAP of INDIA, showing the BritihTeriitories M mbdividedhInto Cotleetorater, and the PoiinadBoundary of ea!chNative State, Else, rft.6in,kbiglt, 5n.JvIoe,on iotii, in a care. MM2 106d. A AGeneral Map of India. Blze,5ft.3In. wide,5ft41in. hgh, on cloth, Inoo case, LIlls Gd. HaP Of Indisf. irOn the meat recent authorities. Size, 2 ft. 10 In wide.3 ft. 3 In.highen clt,4 Inra esn, Li - apof the Routes In India. with Tables of Distances between the Principal Townsiand Military Stations. sire. 2 ft. 3 I.wide,2 ft. 9 n aPo he sa Poiosof Hindoostan, the Puniab, C-abool Sinde, Bhuswul pore. kn., including all the States between Candahar and h.llalisahd. Size 4 ft. 4 1n wide,.4 fL2in high. on cloth. in cae, f2. London, Win. R. Allen and Co.. 7, Leadenball-street. Pric 6d. d, tree 6UIDB to thel CIVIL 'RVICE EXAMINAI ( I}'yioSiitwithi Directions for Candidates'. Examisation Papers, and a v necetahr* Information. I-ri, eiunable to those seekng Goveranment appointments, or promotion in the civil serrime." P. S. King. ParlIamentary paper depot, Rrirlge.street. Wertianistier where may be had a11 the reporta, papers, brlls, &e.. isaued by both Houses of Parli ment. tree I Sd, CURREN. Y.-Jest publishted, price Is,.ut O (BSBRVATLO S on the CURNC.B JItOBERT ELA.E ! and Suggeetiore forth talhieto a taper Lirculatlnon a Pinfer end asunder prinjoe ar,Snad Co. e Rya s ge, E.C., Boardets,oof gd, ande T~OUJRRIER's FRENCH ARAMIAR. 224 T ExZerRcise,numbers referring to Rules.&c. 42 Svo. pp., Is, Key, X . I Jurenfledtlora,sI. Sd. Key,r.Ygcd. I The Mlodel Books, 110 French Letsose. 7s. 6d. I TeTe Little ditto. Is. 6d.. bound I2 |sDFrenchiLessena. Flr:tStep,It. Diloges In French and E:glish. Paris, s. d. lirench as i8poEen. 24th thousand. Is. Simpikin and Co.: and the Author. 41, OMancheter.-streit; nest purliseed, fift edition price Is. Cd,. OGIC for the MiL)LION. By J. W. GILBART, L.R.S. London, Longmsan and Co..B., P,lteraoster-row Just ready, seoundaedition. prie -is,,n (1XL elso.Da Food, EHigh Prices,an High Disrounts accounted for, with a. proposed Remedy for Changing the "hirrsncy. By J. P. SOOTH. Londoni, Effiagham Wilson, Royal Exchange : C irk. Bradfnrd and Go.. Patrick-street, HAVRt'^-D1ejrfN) i^n ONOc VOkLJl,korr ab NewvPlau-L-argelvo., strOnigly bound, Pic Its, HEAVT's COMIPLETEFiRPEis; CfCASBK' o, orafitanmatiosl and l(Lom tic^ ch T.T ''l rpae Glsoiow Athertaeum, &c. This theoretical andpractical work,whigh is in urn0 in maany putblIc and pr-ivate ceohoos, Is the Only bo_ok requirsTdhy beginners being at ttie same time adapted to the most advanced students. It oontains :-L. A. Progresive French Reader-I1. Oopieus Veoabularies-1l. A complete AceIdnce and Syntax, exhibit' ain continual comparison between the Euizllohr-,ud F'rench Languages-..`7v Fre|ch Leerns illestrative ot all the Idios-V Abundant Exercisez -`VI. French COnversetions upon all tocin., 5 c. London, Duian and Co : W. Allan; Simpkis, Marshall anid Co. 9Id thuad o.as o l. 2E., and, Is. eition-,, PSc ana Y MNS, 800. Selected by the Rev. PCALSKEHBlLE), Alread used in 127 ehurches, Arranged for the eecaletcastiial year. There are 225 psalm-, 5l5 hymns, and 12 doxologies Printed as orIginally written. A speclmen copy aud tpiinseent for 12staesce To tisa rlerey, 110 conIes of the thcree sires equaLcy assorted for £5. David Battens, printer and. pulbiloher, Claphsate, London, S. WET.T D's MAP oth the Fortifications, WVycatonet, B.In sheet Is, In2 2re, on rollrs, I. Sd. Wyld's Map of Ini,i he,se,i aele 'Wyid's India, 4to.I hs s.i ae i James Wyld, Gegahrt h ue,hrn.re at etdo to the post-offies, oycteNihnbrnwrot tad n ,oa Exchange. Mr. WRIGHTs FIRST GETIK CONSTRtURNG BOOL-This day, aeod edlition, fop). So., o.oth, 3s. &I., lITEL ENICA or, apissFtory tofG(rreece in Greek Vocabyar forcte uelfbund tMeens.B s.W to, nenA., ofbTrinit. College, Cambridge. Head Master of Sutton CoATLeOd GrUmmar Sohool, FapIetalanad e Crojlicamoy rriged. (1 se.)B,BNAI Vr5E.&T A 't Ser tar ,. ar' nest or 14 t se aLmp d at 2.a. Bemedl: anbyJ P uamphlet BadtB. Bo,-ouy. CrPeL s. t fo Wynot. etatubithug an pisrrcaSet ofte rd. lItr rot^ IuoPetlons for th Fu tue O ll and ithar GtoErnmento Ev 1~ f ~ans, niiwtedreSerice Gtoette offvire,C. Welington stee tent,nStand I .L LIR Ato Rof the LOAlaInST ghiTTioNao GRnATable'a. TAo. wit Iondon es Emlof Adthos,and Co.ics nsLs 1Heoia INIAPN,pheiChoolesgl, and Urnited. States pgRITeg JuBtNJpub, .TheRoya theiPltuton. L ND A ustraelts icadiny.b David Cnadia, 270,WAtrand;and by B.ARuKrel n SMithEoahedfe lading sevYPTl eaitsf B C ILMLmt,CA!atr OR d broeorcadesase au A. 6eN, tUed, F.6A, Tr . moThislittle wor may wel T hes we-ki commendd It is n t,te ny rescorared that we car s°3in at th2eAt mouent bring to mind of Dobegrv with referenet hersanafitre InfernL of thend lm OYato o Ey tbe . athneOL. dinbrgh T TA Constab C eo ondn. ation, e arges and Co I LCodLon, a neMAN R EAD INGBOOX,i pn ub F entirrly now prinaloe, Ai cloth Is. ,,d., Unitedrtt'allwyytCompanies: with p3lu Nsatinda.laaendpiestifr Gherma r ever:dall seoorlines d B hewoLlA LasCE ma rokertanddgeale inuv mtericn eleuritiarS prodncinron-.tr. K C. Tthistork is c D eult, with Investonc.aderrpatorna. GIust aduPblRsed 'a Secon Wto thieOL Gand NWil TSO lutrationsaud Che a rown Srvo, cloth, rie g ilt, A KEY o thL eaOdsTESTandDENriT andB OOAP VIUY ,R?ORA;o, anq AcJoun th bofka teihevestralBos to heseIrContentsran Aqtninan ofthes tume in whic they whnere IeedehavelyIwrittben.leBt RitoBEta GuAY.de.oo late Lordeihopao heristopliedthewhich is addd amBoyer that ewaTes ntahengt, be ThomsiPed. This. vlatme Lrdquirshop tofDbier, knw ondonw t illiam pregg eretan dod C of,v55, ueen-street,Ceap Elerrce Kga'en Jlarge and Booth 0,Reidera -tyImetov nd,coth, Le aPR GE-A-RMANI REDIGBOK onanL' kentireoy nw phenciple Authory.iByhi FerNZHOes se?g Wotodlyta,on.le,L wihcposNtsan d a lmetr Is erman Grma,b D.H ,PiCE,o D ela 'se Colege Lond n mot In telatr ofs tchn"W eRosTies DAbOne of. thex os masterl eleent Gahry King'ina"Su "hs Hihonay ugh I to hd i R odn i.Ntie,be 711. lstr. an6dladi Beruer--otreet.M Justpublisht, deon Edto rieS, wrI1 Ilssioc u three Thmaps, crgownle,1, clroathrgilt, R3UDSEoq Jand h ho thatS the visto STORE fheresad SU - stoires, fori,Jne IL Thoiea Channe Islwanddpsthareelone reoetloft wSpithout,a Gidebook tr. Rookis ha heom cptiged the want, inaer mannterthat Leaesn thing Tohe des ired oothIs voue requtoires a oly. tohbeakow torleaw EtoK;n tho setrieittyeatod Aaptedood hofuevisetoa,-Ude, Jutpubel edStagaronyaJly8v., is Booth 27, Releth-streWt,London;If LvReABrTher, ALetpcs TR EATS, onteL W f AflTEUM audT.RUiiTES.By T . P.A R I JAM.Es,e .1. as-on Alrsoytherarms author. in this ConeraningOe t thWoutofdman. Is, Wa F aIvrell 2 Hel-aird, Iso. Cd Bihelo. s, Delaed r oev laware, I-ice C&, coh Va, NpCrIsis,PRatis,,wiha Itouer ONE-syonte a offUDRsD andpONE STaIs for FuElDtN knowna sleuofySoltomrs.By tepJiAhers ProoA ig andT SonI 5T- Dater BROOM's PRACT!ICE Of the COUNTY COUItTS.-.Just published, 'in one voL. Sco, 980 pager price i 5,. clnth, seond editlon, PHE PRACTICE of the COiUNTY COURTS. TSecond edition. By HBIIBERT B3ROOM, M,A., Barrister-at Li Author of " A Selection of Legal Mtaxims,' ,&c. With thePractice it Insolvenoy and under the Protectioe, Chsritsble Trusts, FriJendly Societies, and othcr Acts, by Leonard shel'or-d, Farrs%aqw W. Maxwell 32, Bell-yard, Lincoln's-Inn. - . orto-tLw DAVIDSON'S CONCISE PaBOEDENT&-.22tit Editioa.-This da seonblloed,itfn1vo. tome,, pric r loh AIONCLEPEEEESSOT EXin CO0VEbyANCongel 9 Vctrl, ap ISq wthmptnractiald notesrndo8ter-rtow on. thebAc andon the AcYGt for4 a21 otherofamttendantret Teroms,buy-Cals Ba SVeltecitond eiton. Cd,t, pontfee&.b-stL AILES TOOT bsed T ATO yCnea tion, y HROAHTEH W EBB. L.S.A.d't'hrecgo DentistO MOUTOlI n excellent dessrt Claret, 36a. per doz. -OADl WINE COMPAN'Y, 6 St. Janaet'salueet. B URGUIiDY PORT and SHERRY BACK 28z. pe d..e, pao0~ tnciudad.-J. W. 8MLZad,Chp- ORT and SHERRY, 20.. per dozen, from Southern ..Aficea: free from acidity and brandy.-J. L. DENMAN, 66, JHenc orhetet orner of Raliway-pla3e. n)UC de MONTREELLO's CHAMPAGNE. AZtreet, SYMONDS and SON. 2, Ingra-court, Peuolhre. WIE.-Tenutt,y Sherry. "T1EE SOLERA SHERRY, 42s. per dozen caeh, XLbottles and hempera included, and caLrriage paid ; pusple nutt and dry. To be bad only of M'ITCHELL andL Co.. we&inead' bra= mrhnt,8 Io-ane Toer-atreot, Xd.: established 1824, WITNES from CAPE of G~OODHO .- RT T ESherry. Madelra, Bucellas, and M-rsel, &It 20a. pee dozou, rell ine quality, produce of Spanish and P'ertnxuese rinee at the Cape of Qood Hope, whence Her Majeasy'saGoveroment allow wines to be imported fer hail duty. Two sammese for 12 atamnps. Brandy. excellnt, lSk per dozon.-W. sod A. GILSEY, 178, Oxforsl-etraee, W. MaI, ndJoaneebrgonth.ElneHok ndidsele grower. OOPPLETONE,11, Mrk-lae, moe aget veryGea Britain andIreg. land. Note the agent's name. E u G.IRS -E. OLA S PO DT,eiCogh 9 fears tifine wood, thn 5 d'ozenhndy matued, f fer medozten drinkinga per f orzeny eae Wfins.erIoe;l bottledQdtto , 4:-Va . to l de; ate dinner Sht. Julien est% Maceels lie. Fradd arit ce Chbylis,) ML i0Sauern,D AS. ander., winea Imotr,. 45eBaer-teem t,o Pbetad. d,ezee-djaese L58. extentstive toco iscact ofd rAlly good winhyes.F,w., nedd for ien mtonp crhasr agans Po i4nce8 adnrtgd a0. htvey lowrtce, asinthr pesn stat oJten market~ 6. they Entoihe eon.1,Aaserc,Aep andLabour. CLCQOTs HAPAAN, ro WIne el. Cu 4. a owdea ratering:teinbeBodu.le;St uen (AhPAnIOI.Rjarta hiACping.-The Theen rie IthiounteL Pbsrie I.pedoeduyai,ncsecntn Kinabaone or threioes,k drsy t iere ,.HO SN andSO N,HIneSodsIriTEDImpNtr, of tn-ho ernic,Pot oilutice oderenorateittn. rdlcfet, n 3s e illr adoper, dothen. Gotlden aendmatle Shrries do,ed4g. Amontlulded. Tieby, rcommeCn dedifory invld.u On 6e'olg ad Port 2.. 048. Fuanvld D0.;wisteior.lery, celeto6e. spe riil,Sle lrt IS.; St etOh,M. L oe 2s;LoYl k3RAnd S L atur ethe.sade Ai.; uxt0;ablecgs1I ; hbi,4g Iesi,iand 84mmer Ruebeverage Lotslbrgr poatafnesergr n Sack Mamacy Prntigac,Coneanta, oke.Vendith, andoher, rare wins. Oldpleoogoa brandy 72g quprtadozen .; pura t, m7s. of L pOetofic ods orrfrneP n unswt an price lmst ofal otherbtwined, will bhe edatel ffwademb H J.E and EBLITLEE,rtoNab wine mecaterc. 8,Beetstet Lno;and, I0,iUpper NITEVENSE and Co.'s CONACB,NY h por strate isUwell knwn aLthoughery ItI mayt esntel thatdi shospledibe enuiion.S. and Son, by ciuin their I portatin t h b11 rondie ofthei agents,na ho. F ffe heI besttret PALe,A. Bitery,chice oldplerady ALe6,7,pe gallon.ndee1ns, 6d ondlivereydIn ikshofnpsiate-for castwithilo. ieso WoLLT nARCLAPs LONDON STOUkan adelcos EAndSer whlsoe SoldA PAn AotLE, Is, Gdoze"e arta meet of themprespectabl reta; iaoues, '--rv the red beal, Scotk RI%e qands cork bmprianle pints,h4s.e pinL Whs.k6 Greetin Windmill-street, parmry,ket. eTNSOMEH-DTiCATg the , of th tue Ofsi erat) qevur,reisely aso Ite runs rmtesil itottesills pihUer dozen, othrbotereunbeorIdoecas,2.ech SAS SdE.S CAFNSSURYat SldMpMER Bidt Vgiht rf GEI hatvte sadvnesonide.r.ableypinfl ofeither ofd Sl be' pore fditeeaeros mHIxePSad with amd EuherflUga oldspring Ther willfor an deicou tummer beverage. ig fists pstaget,rcitauacoy, 1odo 7,oo Strand,r-u ogut%2 .2.10. n &-rc oeogtw Zk d. CS,TEESd.H310.IadE a PETea indofet the finstconeton.03 Codr,pee adoze qurs. s it,i er,prdent qars. et. ponints s Pare Port adandtSherry, ts,her Lodozn, bokttlends Fnlueatfre-nppieCs. WionRto HJ and PRICE oteac Strnelts, Se.mad, IlIaryteebon. Mnis le ie, and Co.'sa IEDI at P.M ALEALE's andth in sledid. condiatilon.i otle ort u.aet. forhomeusemorexporta to,Frousthei Wageants,dH P.WIE n o, 6 om-tet FiltOrLer. afdean e r -I orsa ge%l tronnthe 5ob and ohM and AL u, 7,, ag and moLnge, isd, mieret.inerks ln offae sred detarheitn10mles oft f WO rL2EYs eenterfreelBeey upnnlCatbrel-ron Srey . ..hdpl bitr alen atms erh gallonC, strongyrcmedd jHARVEAY'sSAUOEDONThTe ad nder oti EAST bratedd. pits, s.auce CarepbeIlrl's e Scotchae, qatoos,Sr.; thatenone is'enn but PtALE AiE. pears dohenqarts, o sf Willia Laznbyea pints, I pints, oa; pintsl, in, Sardiiong Cotehampsagnue rdeso perry, yos Wn ignCdRCzabth and PRIC.EdwGohics-torerNew-ProatMan3slneon. PUOME.-WATRIngThe Last3 Improsehundreds o Baud 0!nshe thSF,N ew h8 SlcE gofa dithet voAST weithout quantities, fromsl oneh oune t one LpSoonE atnrie suitablexfor allecntsuFcs.ListsNdGevryAifrmtCLILT may h- had on aybeladi of EADsconeand Co..~ES Teo-at orld prictuee.-Atoihta dearer,aHLLa caesptandC.aetiillgatodpcs.Teetan lhenspwaste arnd bencandaeataltie obeotindo Plp aend Cot,tlea mants,r 4 , doing ilassrect,Lno.Go stong) uasefh000 tric , I. for eit.h d,ad s:rc ubn es STArdssen eeasel etree C n sls ttono ekc oni a sll terodamtg fthe,n 2 Lononmarkets eondoin et.reo apia best Iugh ,ddlepst-Tern eloM fPOrOh ieadSr patteares resentciuy ainfored htte4ildd ,sslt UsL oFiGRlePttRIES,. B pered. met ngihpit. sd. as,brad, 1ic2t Table, wiones,3 at ndsit, ic,atSr 40 WaLIER7 in5 th 12sTbeih Everks aoticle of the bestoaty Prce 7ode' tc 1eits forD pastry nor buShEl4 llBoup lIe hoseols,reo-2 m aene dfor 1r0malg 7 Os 13 40.:aoodu. L 2w 804 bIGwn brad 2g. ELobust neadro undl1) Sco 4Ftc oamel 2 2Addu6 1 is SULD b half-riede an seart nees t omsa aral rnsthe fltoo uvebr eled oro-3eivrand peuliarcrn n mkn,ih secntifrteewpespightatin.odpwholesale anderealb tc.snS, .1.. rated sis aucoe are artlo lrlecquse tocer,thtn e Isgnuieu tatd post breerto the name of Wilathenyo h backTofreaibtle,in addFPitintothfrontc lO&abe se o ayW years, S.DURTON,wATeRetodbhe Lasetproomprof Mmon-. n and Ood of Healthl gaayiso."N tnereobeshouldigo adest 'LEO ztenrallerthoutcrvidin himsloelf wias auonetero ISO S anvosecl le nt SELF-CleASG CeHtit CAFLTRbeCa nlJe=a o tncoble and Co.. Tepe-a, Popcu re pattern ACINS,Por dottle fil detrsutsnoy tan thenstre. am carestyospontaneoulr Comparu atively ith mother mhds, lesWast and brffeaaes, cutand tighter socking waithoters,oshngdToks men. aotti and coprk0ozen.Al knershouresly (6 doznhae bytepaents dronel,Casheisre pr ormither, Applyd to thouesmasnufacturer betrogh Idde-ater SILVETRO SPOONVan POATES,atnsd. patserznl OUT nishedPRI,elgnyuai B or highly ornufcuamnteyd.s supply the consumer In London, Their London showrooms;, 5? and 68. Ring WflhlsmtrsWet, London'bidge contain by lay the larges stock of CrUTLERY and ELECTEO -SIVMR PLASI in the world, which is trpsrastlted direct from thoeir massofrtory. Queen' CetlerY Works, Sheffield, Eewto-ciTves sRnona and forkos, fiddIe pattern full sire :-Table sitoons. per dozen, l6e. ' table forks, Its.; desser spDoons 27g,.; dessert forks, 27s. - teaspoons, 16e. Ivory table knivss, fRul sre, balance beandIr whichl cannot possibl coame loose in hot water :-Teable knives, i53. per doz. :deseert ditto. lOs. 'eweerm 0 De A'~- As above, with Bterllg silver ferrules :-T'ablevnivee, 34.. erz.destknlves, 24g.;, carees,9l pear pair. Meere Maphs, Broters repecfull initebuyrs two tns et onpreednted dieplay, which for beaUty Of design exquisite worrm-hnsp, and novel, stands unrivalled. Their ilustrated catalogue, wrhich is continually receiving additions Of now desi,a:, will be forwarded post free on ap' plctiOu-Mapin, Brothers, 67 and 68, Ying Wlllim-slree',~ ILudonordgse;maunufsctory Queen's Cutlery Works, Sheffied,-- IALMONDS, Plate, and Jewels BOUGHT. The utos vle given in as- . B. CR.OUCH, jeweller, 201 ox. ford-sret six V dloefo shedsre. TIAMIOND)S, Pearls, P'late, and Jewels BOUGHT Dz.fOy oath, the utmost value glven,-JAKME ATPENED.UOUGH, 12 Strand, rbIMONS,Plae, ndJewlsBOUGHT. The BRUGH, 19, Plrat%d eriadPrcoy,toe 1~IAMONDs. Plate, and Jewellery ol ever d- .Z.7rsipton BUGHTfor cesh, and full TiAue given, byGHoBiE HENR WE,goldmit, 80-orblll, opposte the Blank of England W5l alaysOu le,ateo,los p1a = iJed B UH T ~ARISIAI~ PAPERHA2~GIIIas, ietfo h arsotmir above ~ ~ ~ W- 04~d. JMESSRS. WILLIAMS andi O. to Awk,akin, bae v seydocdid = elr 0 seal Sptianihmdaid teselaze mnantles bereges musics, xibaV *z_, 60. 61. 62, Oxford'titreet, 3. 4. and1 5, WGua,s6eet, W. A Iins1S very rich two-flounced Bilk Robes, (uat ptgchiin0 all at 78&c Sd, )~ Vlouslprice five and ahalf guineas. A lARRIAGETROUSSRAUX.-AtHAYW~AiUY- lamemas. to the Royal Pr.mll a1, Osford.gtreet. oppoelto Pantheon. Houston ace mantlesT, fo w n afgla Hotton 1hoe bridowtalsqoraad saar*6 from Wo andahl E.lnata Honhlon lice flounces, from seven goiM t1esat .et; VW, ret-~m~ for bndeeralde, from the most ecoflogleel wlt;Si?5b. ton Of 110ounces, fquares, &c,, in Brusselaas; bLOIcetucs, twol gntoesis the set'. Valendlemes andohr 1 a s,nit le?at expensive qualities to the maost costly derpl HjOUJSEHOLD and FAMILY LIN1NX-(UtS logues and Bam)em e..Ood.sa aleltS y long, each 1kL 6d.,im nipkrins, pweor skw. Is d; bgeeksAf nakins f. =d prdon.,' fieh napkinih 2m, pd ae dog * a,magnIlfiso stocfthe ricestdeignn Brtish and faelop iiS6ie llpea,-u,o6lineu sheeting, nearly S yard. wide, 12L 6d. perw i ¶prOs without a seam, 11s, 6& er a: stout fax sheeing, veryatm 3d Kper pair; fie Yozse andL Irish sheetbing, from Ib lo uU A yards wide;. long c oths, yarfiwide,odoaiy1rpe E yads lOs 6d. : superior Iindia finish,4OWO.. ion; cloths at lis prices. glaneCIO" Us decow*i,owellin;e, dlazssss.a& V2=mons MaLnuJactures; suitable for doMestic Wse. osesag to th jm. created facility Of communi13Cation: with thefrfActozles, the Directnoseg the l.ational Liei Clompany we emsblod to offer considerable &Adwa* 'tae ti [smiAltes requdring linens, and respectfully molicit w*.Antion I. t"ther sytem Of forwarding (when desired) patterns f or and wen oDs r ree from.-nn pestee pyeto fs noi4s f & uni h od e ispctd_ndaprve. he r worrfllyCC bykid oermssin)t nmiedob s fbo iliestof tbhde,nblt n.e whohae f than year-sptoived mint ueoMpanyD. andsvho can agi1 CO. tthdrbIst ofe the lienst b oldn a thes.en warshoes., "Omth ohders abonsve £z casriave bree.tke bdie thoe wetion1 Lnen AMemafacturrs'areverthees96aetof ba so fiI&3 small quantre tis w ol sle-apl e priere.oils bye Bshowingod tOh~soilde 0 wort urfkl D LmBk tableS cohave bwo yn sentr frog SALE totRo AS and uo,e C.these linens6 areg the het,bins thube dLmcime clothree do., 1sia whcheltnsv odess haved hOn t1ken by those we ll-lM obi nta~ lectu roibers- mk neo vheee yaredtsb old. narice oramall. Mssntue& , '3 onve-harlfte poric-peud0? theusae gods w~lt o henn tasoled~ of vtlaendw Damask21 tebacohi; twol yardis,sur from ?Est, Cd, thdoz tAs. at. ael theea 4.Ci.ben the finestz jb ouble damas, nda ar tharee aiB long, rich dfameusket, fr.omd to lIe Cto .,tgsr those at1 C.beinfSh thnetdobe sadams widan even Yards long, ic amaok, 12s ple of T10 fiv yadlong-Ltospl teni douleof2 ysards, biugfo tae tubIecto to ltM.d ltme reus,each; tableo nainer, fro 9d. tohes the; dolen, thos at W6s the dozen, ana every ant ot linens qusta smnjoured for wesri belrW stecelY solled by exOeUre for orders. These goods arenow OnsolefWe the, manufacturser. at the,samn rate as Inst year, when the whole )ok. weeg cleated out in a. few weeks. Addroes for sample,, or can be ases* at icrookis aid CO.'s extonsve warehouses 105 and 10G, Ensugh. fadirg UnionsStreet, laeing only three minutes Walk from Lono.m,7bdgC Rails'sy. SIB. Samplerssenttony parttof town by thir hore amt cart., or into the country, if written for. iNOTICE of r E MOVLTeLii.ta a house esta6blishdt5,8E~adw.,~o ~ n they will RE10hfo I omc or xesr.pelt.1~ Regent-street, anBaudy etme1.S n .eaosofsn tbse whole -f their vr ag tc fhsey lv, o,aao~ derable redustson npie h suepssfrcs ue k' nd o.,15 nd C, trad5 ontncetheir rupply of the above SHDIO, hichareindipenableIn ot lcxer, end invaluableati nertemeynunder Oeer irceito dia We China wNMifnd tb necssay uderclohig o mot sperorquality St this houwe ontih' shortest no%ice. Losest cash prices. OkeSehe addreos, IlaridIl Strand, oppcsle the Golden Cru otel. sHOOTING SUITS, Fihing Saits,_) Walking ~Snitu~ K LoungincSuitd, Suitefor theCountry. Suits for the To%v.-_Th6 t's. SUITS, made to order, from Socethrand Cis'vlut tsveedr all wool, and thoroughly- shruk, by B. 9WJAlIlW, mptrch_antalloff, 74. Regent-street. X4B A perfect -ft gcs.rantoeed. r .I'QtVELIG arid SEA-SIDE CLOAKS, fronts ,Le5eninea-An immense variety of WATERR!'R)OO Ci,OA XS,. manufsatured et the newest and most reaberobl mpstezigsts exprew,f I,171. 17ud Recen1ctreet,ii sum-er antles ae ow being sold at greatly sedu'ed prices F OR FOREIGN TOUR, tipaISa*sh'e, ~Deea S~talking, or Grouse E&oolng-GAWRXME'I of mixed coloursants eubstanoes prepsued for each piurpoe, The suit is £4 nod conelsta of coat. tro)users, wastcoast, adcap, with *,waterproof cape to berollet uP In a Courier bag, or hold-all, to be WOrn by a strep pawing ome, the-, khoulder; this latter, viz.. the, tra,eilinge~ will form the only extes, chwrge. To be had only of H. j. audI). NI,0L0 14 U. 1-16,1US, 1f. Riegent-rtreet. aud 21, Oorohill. b TAWRlINCE HYAItI's 17g. TRO0WSERS, ma~de tqLimeasure, asuperinr article, all wool,and made,t~omthe newest and choloestsprlngpatterns. An eormoaqmentttyofthesewdll.anow garments are sold by L,. if yam, theIr WAsY l and elegan-t appearaom having elicited universal approvat.i__ yJam,mecatghirn otfitter. 16, Gracechurch.aareet, city, 5L.0 t~ FFICERS inder ordes for Indi cnn he pp~lied,. ~j t sor ntic, it eer reuiit fr UTFTT suitedtoih& cliute inluingshits gaze ndrclthig,alpacae, tweed anti s'htejen ir, cbi frntue, c,'CItST&Yand RATE.- BON, 1T igorE,secaltreet. d u rneriipevot % SEATTREWS sut=d 6 Uaigcos SW. vIce yabtinag.or .'a-ade.-BOWLXY andCo.. 63. Oharln-croe dit,2s;lesther B. boots, lOs. japan ditto. 21s. elcato nue boos. n.;Papan, 2LIe: Oxonlens, I4s.; japan, ifs.' Welingons 21.: ewtfooted.U81k: japan dregs Weliioreto,_s W0t ditt nowfooed, 4r,Prinre George boot-, les.;, enammelled leatherl4hobos untng oos o fp booior42e. Bec-t,quaiy tdty LAD-ES', Gentlerinae n%_~d e litdrer'gw XVN L#'iZi WEASIM,G A.PPARLt, of every deerptiou, an LIn any qualntities. Ladies and gentlemnan waited on st any time CC. dist,1Aue on adarrs3iug Mlr. or Mirm HUTCHIrIIoX. 17. Deaestrets, High Hulborn W.0. W ANTED, for Aus rla A iES et ew, W n hildren'a LEFT-OFWs.iN IPIE.o vr description, and lo anyuaty.aleangelmnwiedo - any timei or distanc,badrsigt roris,OH 1AA. 519 and 110. Strand, opposite oerehus,Elliet4p5a - ~ATATED, to PURCHASE,LDE' ete WVmen's and Ohldren's LEFT.OI?W RNG PA L- every d"'crletioo.which. will be paid forAncs,adago rt ie a.adies and gentlemen waited onatayimordsnebydsulg to bMr. and lmrs MOISTER fig, ReLonsreet. ohen 1~TA TED LEF-OFFCLOTHES, for exlprta. tiou-Laieor gentlemen wil be waited on at ear time or die.- tauce. and bare the hig-hest price given (in cas) for LEFPT-ODDP COWTHES of Rll descriptions, by addresin to Mr. and Mms 43. HYAIRS, clothers 16, Tyler-st., Regent-~ V. Ectablirhed 13 years, fNED ow Antra OLOTIES', Gentlr enu W tm-ecrm's LEFT-OT a LOte ansta of orL sWtret ladles and gentlemen atbtene opiaey yM.adMt esrer desrpto 0; LEPT-;jb'P 11( ,e ll'""o Property, La`ies or gentloemen havrlngaoee Ootodssea mll hIN waited on at thoirrealdernet by stsndesdt f,tMu r.&aY.Wholeseialcothierz s ~,S 8`d,opstewingshbnes. bllsh eat: or Ut. fits._ a.,lnblg.Etaloe n~a 14'±L 014 9,Roy*l E hagoi,Loin at A.D. 1IB0, sPeetion of the elega't and ext-ensive StOCZ `O wee an=d cloaksathin establishment. menusactured fom new and orinaldsgs LEGA_XT GO WAT-CHES eUeinfu E.A oes, richly engrved ceses and dwss, £ o. it ndlecss 21 k A written guaratee giren Gold can.altenwpten. from 1 to 15 guineas. A great variety-o h e eetopt brooches and braclelts frm ins, fid. to Ss,;g - ebean ivr rclg from is, ca. to 511s.-At A, O AMPBEL e 1,Ttonn-outra A Second-hand very highly furished paeLVE . met'J WATCH, I vecasby Atnol(Calsrdcml Strand. jewelled in dxdh. erlstold bi0a. street, W., son and sucoesror of the late Th~omnagHw~o 5 tad watchmaker to His Xdajeety George IV. Oldgodsivrwace, diamonds, and other gems purcobred or taken inexhg, T NDRETq sLeLcoso to a th . e t h inu tlo bi Leari Spatente righ wihmomlts and buines a C, t and, rted id II, Oyal RChange, Wandthez cerlocky and co hae fctoryis at noewano. ,otcw and ankr ofthegrea clck fr te Hosesof unda e rt h*ies gol wache, eghtgunea; gntlmens,ten GuineTaas;srn ilve PAYNTEs PATENT S,DC]lRonRnele an the badmianexlty, d the Eat mdaCmptanoy, do., a allw Boscsin co.#t-r Pedottent with mainannd tal hrctrfrspeIrtsf.oka shi wic hs dstngisedhisboesfusweuthr and l a valf,ue- piegiebYGOvenmn forAtE betprOURmn chKENmEtSS-w .1) TAKENsend forDEWDN PT' PA1IE! fBROGOHfl.16 ockets, bracelets. o, whcA r etfe ore rereipt of two postae. sap,Begiaterad reavolvig brooches ink solid gold, to zhow attlbe lieesor hair tat Plesenre of w6eArr from 4Ss, each. A gold platet brooch or loke set free to an ato tekndmfo O.C. Dede,manufacturing gOldsihando thewel 112 Omefor IO G.- D and L=RIIGA paler,=I26 mufsc~urmfq the Quseen belg to announce that, in consequmnee of an slttrtteon in their firm. they are now eslltoc, at goextly reduoed prices. a conetderable pcztoi of their superior STOCK Of PARIXR-lgAClE GOODS. consisting OC tea&trams tables chairs, desks, inka-tanfi kr.--6, Halkiu-streetwest. Belgmave-sqoage, Loadon. and Bhansw FASHIONABLE NOVELTIES for rEksENTAz,TION,-11%,Rgn~tet and 4, Leadaihall.tropet, - Lopdu,- Ddand ivory work, nedissyalmanufwlds ~,d ds-'i caws, toilet cases, work boxes and wok Ik stands, fansthelargest stokenLEnglad o airmcleeaig preise inBegistetectextend 50 ya-* -'It& G1nshosetret,andar woth ofIcpeel M as apedic= oat so tir ork and 4rsigtbe,be ooi) [)EAL BBONZES.-M~g. A. perIO -toot ra. O&
J3JAN4FORESand HARMONWIUMS ~(GEG. fin o xprazuor homeF wieh warranmnted.fW. piaurc e, -103, Great Bull-str-et, EPootsst tu,buO. Tk d AGoel, (alnu et ,adroewy b al othe makerse noew andi Sunyo oe aeCOtDhe u oja ss,D everyS atodery imw Vrvemeat, wwrnted to be BOLD, togetnerOorsae,arately, on moat ead-tageous terras.-~, Great MRhEorough.et,eet. 1Reeut-ar:et, W. O)LAN01?O TE nearly zxew, the pr_operty fa 3.ofcrswidow-an elegant walnut Cottage, E-ootaves, metalli via.e& Prace ifiguln8es: coat mem thau double & sher; tirn back. Ma.y e seen as Lewin Ouacoour anod Co.'s, upholsterers 7, Qaeiens. tdlidlngs, KnghtbrIdge. seen Udoriweat of8loane.street. U3LA OFOR E-a rillant-ond cottae,i a ~oroemets,forBALE a argin.Thiswil befoud worthy the N!r. Cooge's. o warehose, assnsTo be sohopat DIAINOFORTE and HARMONU72Sf8-Or-SALA, A alo fr Hre,fro lO. &monh, ithortco f purchase by pert. .odlal aynent ifseqine. FBORIC~LYON', wraurut his 'piaos. ecod-hads b Roadwod, E, larmonuuums from 10 .gunea.-2, Carls-sree, Brne ee,Ofor,I-Aet. YEatab. 1I08 -DIA)FORT.Peirad eakbytn ai nd otham.r-le aod puca in by 'ems of tottem mmoL~ quret hi Ilrgo guaratees the soundne ss i annfttre, but IsteSa fIskn upyl ed immediatl pr secuityonly raurd pnapsnte o&OU'RIM a J. 13IAN FO1LT .-A vry aerior and remarkably .& ue riliat one COIYGICPS OFORTE of the bet make, 'wih & otavs, ndallth laestimrormnts, In a very eeat rose. woodease newwithn for moths,the ropety o a ladleaving ~~Jxford-etreet. W.~rar. 6 .DIAOFORE.-T be OLD,a bargain a very qer 'hndsme ceeood case, with~'lptn nnig6aa sES uinos nlyfou mothsago, buat if purcaen meiaeymyb hadfrlduinss.Forsoundueca of make,adbat ftu n I uh t anth ecee,Tobe seen at?? emna.,Ofr-t A-h BAY0AL BP1ANNCRT ,in mahogany, zer,adrewo,a * Mgs each. Everylntsretwarrantedm.auexahangeintpr, The peculiar advantage of theee pianofortes amebcdsrbdnh '-Iollowug professonal testimnia signed bythmaoiyfteladn =wuciraur of ttie age :-We. the und6asgnedm-'-.-o h uia j:ufesion having arful examined the Royal Pianofte manufao. ' dby Messrs 'Almaine and Co haregreat plemurein bearin 'leaimony to their meritandecapabIlties. t appearsto usimposaible t Vroduce instruments of the came sine posseering a richer and duek tone, wore elastic touch, or more equal temaperaiment, while the elegance ol 'theIrl cnstruction readers theom a handsome orsament for the library imbudoir, or drawing room, figned) J, . ,Ab IF. BenedlcJ6 H. B BWishp J. Blewitt, J.: Bd~J. (Oiatterton, T. P hp ee -'sail C H.Dcl B.3. ewllim W ForV P A . Doles.E by, . a iHa A. EraL s, ~Biver A Goimck,Hari ernjd. Hpk ns .HrisoN, H. F, aM. Hery hiilpe_UPSOeS A.e Pi bvysturerb,ave no establolshment whateveri Reen- treest,h Sorhouse of busnes being Si, Cheapside. 5CIROFT and bON 195. otnamcutrod , '%.J hog&t IWorm the noIlity and gentry that they make a fcin-olee 2WfOFOI;TZ at an exceedingly moderate price. after more than 30 - =,1xperlenoe with Measss Coilarda In the above premises. N,.13 ot frhire, ise, CIOLLsARD and COLLR SEM1.COTTAGE PIANOFoHTM-To be SOLD, a bargain, a remarkably .vreTrfui,ae an briullant-toned SEXIl-COrTAGE PIANO, YOT,wt ioctaves, metallic plate, repetition acton. newly-regls. -dosd ky-hord,and all the lIstet improvements, In a roeewuod easee. tHodree', 444, New Oxford-street. 1~AD's PATE-NT REPETITION GRAND E!2PIANOPORME a splendid inxtrument;, nearly new, In elegat - eswood caee, (oost 165gulneas,l ad a lit-rat PAtent ObliqueCottage Piano. byditto, cs90guleaa.) B-oth at ver drteprloes.-Meftrs J. COOPERL Rando.'s. 43. mtoorgste-street, Ba1nk A unDerlor SemiGrand. newliy new. So guineas, and an elegant Cottag, 25 guIneas. 4COTTAGE P AO anupeced-ented Ibarp'in. Splendidroeodcs,latulycve,ptnatin nh raIl fretwork, mealcpae -cae,adeeyIpomeen.it isl - nfclently elegant frayda- ro,adtetn noeil aleb, nan brillian, t hse.oi n ernsfra mxier - lmte, end fromItsodns,srnt,admnbeuiss well adapted for a profser.I a eni s urfv ots u will 120 sold, through peuircrusane,fri ines esta alf its original pre.Awratwiht,Tbeseat32Rgnt street nearly orpositth olthac hi E RG UR H rep tflyinvites. attention '%Ato hiesueperio! eoieto INPITi at hin newly. tOpened warerooms, 1, egn.tetHeflattrs isl ta i long practicalexeine(curduig a period ofnery2yas In oonducting Iprntbchsotemaufactur .foneo h leading housesi h rdl n h eore of anetnseeta *blishment replete iheeycneine for first-clasitrei, anable him toprdcineetadquly pianofotsflyeult ibsee of anymar,ad hchhnoofesaprcsawihte zaanufacturer Al1, Regetrstreet M~IUSICAL BOX DEPOTu 54, C oli - -L for the male of BWISS BMTICA-L. INduTRUsE~e Shae celebzated Wmmrs Nicole, Jrewse, of Genevam ag nnsfu 14in. lang, 4; xlI ars, lOin.long, Lifse,;sgh.alrL, I n , n,~ eminet compocem ,Includling popular, national,adoeai is Oopetler with hymens and other sacred music, Also avreyo ws mxusical saud boxes, pLaytg two tunes l4s, Sd and f. he ue as. an for ,nes dO. sch.Printed lists oftnns,rmaeel 1OHIN WELLS and Co., 210, R~egent-stree.t,- Oj ABIEr" FURNITUP5j of sfuperiodesign and mauftactre, at moderate ustIre.Designs an lists o _pi rtis bynet V RNSH your HOUSE wt the ~BEST ~AR1- FuTIC,LEII they are the cheapest In the end.-DRANE, DRAY and Co.'a rrioed furnishing lit may he had gratuitously on applicatles, or forwarded by post' fr6ee This Int embraces the leading articles from all the various l~eprtments of their establishment, and is arrzanged to fecitate purcasernin the selecdionof their goods, It com. prise table cutlery electro-plaLte, lamps baths, fenders and fire irons, * rnbedsteads ans bedding, Britannia metal, copper, ti and brai &oods, culinary utensils urnery, bru&ehes,mts. &c.-l)eane, ra and Co opening to theMoument, London-bridge, Cb A.D. lilb. PatabDINNGsheMrF Tb RAWING adDINROMFRNITURE. NJL -The nobility,gentry, clerg, and public generally are invited, b iefore giving their orctcs to vis the extensdve wareroomes of Messrm 3. FISHER and Co., which contan the lagest and meet varied stock 'In the metrolpolis,Memsm F. and Co. have now completed a variety -of sideboards, with plate-glssbacks; also chairse of every description, as low as 14g.6d., with leather seats, together with new designs In walnut-wood tables, inlad cabinets, 6r. Reaewood chairs, 12a. 6d. ; foiabriole couches. 2L ,; git oosaioesat Is,6d. per foot, The stoek of bedstead aLnd bedding is unequalled for variety, style, and cheaproam. A mahoganyArabianbedtead, three guineas; a pure guo.e leather, lis Gd. per b.; a lot of three-thread Brussels earpet. at 3,. per yard : velvet-pile ditto, 4s. 3d.-Bobprt Fisher and Co., whoesle and retail cabinetmakers.31, Pinecry.plase, Finsbur-y-aquare Ti'UN1~UREILLUSTRATED CATAL~OGUX, 32a new furnishing gude of a enussior=ode containing designs of Ournit,ure rultable to al lasses, wfthreferenoe number and cost of * sch article, Also the smum oal for furnishing a vDila or mansion of *any magitude, can be hW on application, Nio family ought to be -without ens.The Increased demandfor information by persons about to furnish, from all parts of the United Kingdom and the suburbs of the metropolis, have inducoed HOWIlIT and Co. at considerable coait, * So prepare this their new Furnishing Guide, whith on perusal,must be prciwdb the public. Being in choaracter wth the hg standing houem urnishers, bedding and orv l-Ibrary M26 n M39 -and 120. g Mihglboirn HDI)INU.-Bo nrabil5--and Comfort.- J. ,V S TEER's SPRING and E C MTESP saethe moat elastic and softest bed. A p*oclitof vr euito of bedding, blankeks and qufitsPsnt free. esed feeydsr, Alm ,in wood, Irun, and brass, cribs,ecs oo,2 f iadwnt.t, nsl and cotton mass,-J. and S. Stemr, beddn,odta,edbdcos freulture manufacturers, M01,Oord-re,W -"liFlSAT-ADS and BEDD)ING.-Themo extenasive I) s how In London of BEDSTEADSz inlron, beass, and fancy wood. -with the be&ding and furniture complete, fixed for inspection, -with *the price marked in plaintfigures.isat DRUCE and Co.'s celebrated show rooms and furniture gallsries. Portable Iron bedsteads, 85. 9d. - eah; 5-feet patent Iron bedsteads, with genat dovetail joinissand sacking bottoms, Ifs, each, a I-feet taen, iron bDedstead, writh good ralliasee, mattress, feather bolate and illow, three blankets, coenter. wae, and pair of shneets, f5ts cocn lete: a set of chintz hangings its, CcM Also on view, an unrlvalled asembiae of firet-class dbining :room, drawing-room, and chamber furniture, the mo't estraondlUsgy In 3magnitude andavarletysser submitted to the pub Us. Theproprieters, big desirosoftcomparison,bavemarked every artisle I inp fingure, anc invite public inspection Persons furnishing may hers make their -wawncaloulations, and avoid the anooanseofdelusiveestimates,or of .3.4 anod SON, 3 and 4, Goedge-seset. * Q EOND.AND CRPET.-A holceso~f50 secnd-an capes o vaios sne, smeof which have beeu - -et liti wrn,aton-thrdth prceofnew ones. Torsena 'Lord-street, Baker-street. ~ ~ ~ 31 B2 iT C URTAINS, one guinea each,In -all colours,re- quireneIther lnino nr borderIng, bigcmeefo h :lo.HOWAED and BONS22andK2.Bernestrt,Ofd-re. -A larg assortmento.aschi. A i ii tOW ILINDS.-TYLOR and PAWS, TTw blInd manufasturems 104, New Bond-stee, W.an ', QuesrzCt,Oeapdsid, XQ.O.Loadon,raubmit thefolwn = rIe, of- indow bltnds,whc trh eW san recommenod as being maeIiSe ee -ane -VEM.3IAB BLIN'DS, pVWsquare foot, d betHoln 151inde,tn rolkess, S.bedt,ditto, m t5ig soilees Lsuew -Vuulet. Ar4oravIng with' fiwsd o n O plisn Booat fre 4V e'ICUTaIIIT -URE.-Tihe hrgest STOCK and cs ea rmnLscoasatP T s H,1ad2,uor .I" cs In onnoo we at pRIX'M .Ns1adSuo 40 tseet, bAtiakrrs, 'wigr may be had every article so ,rand't seon-band,IcMN0 0S board room, anod chambers new ,twd eeod4mud, Ionsdes, f:and bookeaes Also an Immense .doek of firsto`a furntue suitabler the mnion or the cotkge ofortes, b il bUlrd ta bles, w ith ev ery ricle oot eneral use emay be lhad at thu esta e me,ut. prn itnre brougbt to ay amount. A ti}NA and GIASS ROOMS, Non. 49 and 50, Oxfed.setre London,-3OEEN W. SHhRPUS begs saot i% to call public attent!on to his Ter extensve STOCK of CHNA,~ Glass Earthenware and Parlan Statuay in the most modernan -classi designs both Br1itish and fosnlgnM ssye will be found al -thatisuniquendbeaul,inoludinghundeed of patersma in dinner, esrt, tIsa. and breakfast Ienne, nged ouvenlently for In oin sacius ehow rooms,sompidn every demrption ind qlaait,I tlho e ooweot poible price up tob meet oOstY manuractured. nIMRSERBVICES, of 108 piece, In stone chin DiNNERb, Seve ta huadred sevisee always cm view from neat *#eturn t o the most oestdeu. Breafs an tea ioeoee, 'T LOxfn,dTTandCo.. (lati pel st, aADAi, and glao 0SLlIR'c 2Axc LSr GL 8,hnaldeiiere , L r, Oxferd-stseet, lodn, ineenexi E (rtozyX. Broad.teet, Birmingham; establishe usent rof decanters, wie lases, deer erie, sdevery dosocr4tlou dbablenslaur, oethonewestdcu, at modeae pwl:ee. Avacetyol Xesya gliass hanelir, for ade or ag Ornmetal glsso the n:ewt and mos beautiulI deelitou., DELLTP' and Co., (late Pehhait nnd Grreen,) gisa ,. akersx, chnodeliss mtnnfaoturfr, aur ealerin hina San ston g'ae, wholfle, retai, ant for exctatoa.UoL-mnufaotory and boew .cooas, iEolIad#eret, Biabrss 5D., Surre side of Bakfi1 s tddao. Wes er bsasorh, - e d .abr- stereet, Pont na-cuaro. 1Y, ffiJ OTICE of RMOVA-F. DAVIS,importr of work of xat, infosis the nobility and pbi,that his new eflow loom are now Opeso ae li30, NewBond-street, with a fine COirLUOION of SKYRHi, Drades! Ori ntal, andrae forign CHINA, ,aem h, osalywzTeusanlaesn lie arbIes. sa _llte uriue, hIh ihb,oon nsadvanagroon tem.- ENZINE COLLAS cleen and removes gr Blwgv slks, rbawd,rlotha; 8. In botlesL, ILs d ll a d"dP-VAw ll4#fWOV*,U ,N-EE H.-OARTWRIGHT, DAVIS, and SONS, , ,, old-established Sugon-Dentista, may be conulwted daly from 10 ti,j 'cockr, without charge,-24, Somersetegmet, rort au-squre. Eeabicr~e,tS1-A tooth from 5.: a et-.R:5. T BhE-.. mpoedl toft (ITn JsaE se-l Derltmaen bmfortable upon She nlTitnliegasO)tsort and rar cogn , the mouth than boRo O&&y D AID A. JONESh, surgeon'ris 's,1t. invetor admnftre19 tA a next Waterloo-bridge, ,,a t'. Connaugh-erc,Hd.a T ksfu-r-gate-bilentl AtBER stumps, or cAausng pain, A too r s.;ast,fo 5.eae teeth restoredt 2s.Ed Carrtlon.-M .'A ly ealsmntI t Ludgate-hL where be has prantised pe Oftl8tnfr. VilEET - TesesOf Ad-).'Ewr ok JL of Guy'isHBcptll, end many other m itrsi ,n f'f eninig have recomized the diploma of Mr. A.NDSE?EO,Sren Denist Hi imroed incoryodible mineral teh2, ixbdqi resexslrlenateeeo perfetl tht they cannot be deetdin sy5t whilmatlcalonandarti*uistles are fullygurned Thycnb fixdonthemos tedegunawithouLesprngsore O ydsipoa and no painful extraction ~~~of roots requird,Si.A..mabeon saltd (cats~ ail at513, OxfoedastresO, where hkebaprcse c manyseer. Hs ohge,are oremodeatethan thore generally advrtied.Chldrn',teeh ttededto ndregulated at IL. pea annum, icluding sloppin and Oxrng53,Nw ord-eteeL 71 \EE H.Mu0 has been said and written about A, new invenion n artdeisia teeth, but hitherto no method for fixngthe ht eenfondto answer tnt purees of pmreseyg aud ooneliatlg te loseteeth end roots remaining. Up t thlis timne,to have ada oothor aet of teethi replaoed, springe or wires Or a painul oeraion,hasten considered Teer.lhese incomrenl. enos hve eenobvate byMr. ROGERS's improved method ot fixig AtT1I~CIL TETH.The teeth thus weured rssuable theo natralteth topleel. tateven the pracica eye of a dentist cannot detc Fle.Iale.Pattering testimonial of eminent maedical men andiog period of suster has proved the binalMbIlity of lMr. tt,' methoJ. lvented by Isle. R-ogrs, surceon-dentist. farm Pai,author of seseral works on dental surgey. Chargeaostmoot eou. 'U"kEETH.-No. 9, Lower (orosvenor-street. Grosvenor. A. sowtare Iremored from 511.-By Her Majetys Royal Letter 2atez.t.-New , Invented Application of 0bymalcslly.prepared 1indiarubber. In the Construebou of Artificial Teeth, Gums, anmd Palates.- Mr. EPHRtAIM MSOSELY, Bergeon-Dlentisi, 9I) Lwer Grosvenorstreet. sle Inventor and ptente.-A new, orWigia and bivaluable Invention, consist.mg in thLe adptation, withte meet abeolute perfeo. Ilonanauncoses orCHYnIOALLYP1IEPARED WfLITEandGUK. COLOURED xkDIARUnBEB as a lining to the gold or bone frame. The extraordinary results of this application may be briefly naoted in s. few of their moat prominent featucea:-All sharp edges ans avoided: nto epsings wirews, or fastenings are required; a VQr17tlu inreased free. domor ofsucton Is suppliedr a nateral elasticity, htherto wholly unattainble an a it,perectd wth he ostunerring cercae the geatet suportis step t theadlonigTheretwhnloeoron Ru . PEDLEY, Dentist, 12, George-street, HasnoiTt ver-souare, formerly with the eminent M. Cartweight. At home daily from it till 4 o'clock. or by special appointment. .VI R. HAYES, Surgeon-Dentist, 42, SLt. Martin'!s1TA lane, continues to SLIPPLY ARTIFICIAL TEETH on improved scientiflc principles, and may be consulted en all cases relating ti, the teeth at moderats rharges.-42, Sit. Martin's lane, Charing-cross, M~ESSRS. GABRIELS' PREFPARED -WHITEB LVGUTrA PEROBA, the beetetoppinlg for decayed teeth, can be obtained through any chymist, at Is, 6d. per box. araeric an inera teeth, the beet in Europe, no springs or wJxce from is, 6d. per tooth: sets, XA4 s. Warrarted-33, Luelgtet-hiI London; and LAverpooL 11 H. JOEHN DAVIES Surgeon-Dentist -invites an Li nspection of hin new LbaX SO NGt, admint4e to be tire meet marvellous invention In mechanical dentistry, advantages hitherto unattainable in London or Paris, Toothath instantaneously cured. Eoglisb, French, and American. artsts employed on the egtatltemeut.-.-Rusesdl Housa, cormer of Hrston-square. New-road. I NERad DE0AYBI) TEETH STOPPID T`wNit1hBARNODY1{E CEF T: Instantly allays the most violeni ain, and file up cavities howerer large and answer whiere" othEr lrdfetp~leghsfale 1repered only by Mr AT1tPfD JONM ourcen-den;lstto H.F..H. the Duchess of OFloceeter, and Her-lat, al. .PlrnoeesAugasta, Louis Philppe end the OX-Royal Pamily 0 France, 6i, Grosvenor-treet. Glroernor.equare, At home from 11 tullE fir. Jones bas no connexion. with any persn practiring in the unme. JR . HiOWARD, Surgeon-Dentist,52, Fleet-street, bV as intrdodued an entirely new deseription of A:RTIPICIA1 rllc]cTH, Aixed without, springs ie,o ligatures. They so perfectly resevmble th atr l tehasInsot tobdoiffthngulshedfrom the originalh by the closest observer, They wfi never rhaxnse colour or decay and elil be found superior to any teeth ever befoer used. This method does not require the extracton ot roots or any pain,ful Opertiosm VWil sup. port and preserve teeth that are loose, and is guaranteed to restore urticulattou and mastication. Dewayed tethDetdpe,andrendered sound andrueulIn aslceio,- 2,Plet-trl.At hometerom 10 itill. PRIZE MEDAL, Pa-is Exhiibition -of 1855,- A,IMT'1ALFE, BINGLEY, and Go,', new pattern TOOTHBRUflH penotrating balrbmseb, genuine Simyrna nnre icnd eery descrption of brash, COMb. and perfumryM. M mesje Oeel. bese aklne tooth-powder, ha-IS B and 531, Oxfordrntreet,w OOD001 VIOLET SUENT.-H. BREDN3O VT recommends his WOOD VIOLETat the fnsntriu.m dirtiued. A single 2s, Sd, bottle will vtrlthefa. eresdak for H. bredenbach's wood vlolet.-157 B,lew Bneet C. A. ZANOLI's (92, High-street, Co[logne) ~EATJf ~ado COLOGNE : double. 24s, Per dozen : also In wicker bottes saro e rs; No. 1,lOs.; No. 2, its Sole agent. GI. j. PABRRy,% liaat-court, London, E.O. BEUYand PRESERV-ATION-oi -the S~KIN. B EA.AT E VEGITO-ANI?sTAL EIsULIUrE CREAM~, approved of by medical celebrities, whitens and softens the skin, Drc-> vents the formation of wrinkles dispels from the face all ernpfioas, drynerses, dlefigrirements, blotches of rednees &c. ; does not contain anything in the least injurious, and completely surpasses all other ~pnreparons for the toilet. - Gneral depdt, GABWEIL JOZEAUT, EYech harwy,49,Haymarket. 3IE6tSE and LUBIII's HEUNGURY ~WATER,LThe specifio virtues of H4UNGARY WATER have rendered It ~uWty celebrated In a1ll parts of the world. 3icr two centuiesaI reputation has steadily advanced, til at the present time it has eclipsd all other udorant waters Itin extraordinary power to increase the memory and Invigorate the brain, IndUies oratorz, clergymen lecturers authors, and poets to give It the prefernce. Hungr water is an exquisit perfume, It raise and stuengthens the sprts by Ito supsrlative refresinmg qualities. 2s. the bottle, or Iis. Sd. case of six, Tegenuine is distilled only by Please and Lubin, 2, New Bond-stret '310 URISTS and TRAVELLERS, V isitors to ~the J.Sea Coast, and others exposed to the scorcoin rays of the sun .nd heatepagrtoles of duet, will find ROWLANDl' IKrAT SYDOR a most refrechig preparation or thre omzplexion, dispelling the cloud of eaogauo and relaxation, allaying all host and Isritability, and homneilately affording the pleesing sensaton attending restored easticty irA healthful stats of the skin Freckkes, tan, sPta,D-lmDlee, flushes, sd disclouvation are eradicated by ita application, and In cases el sunbumn or stings of insects i ytsvirue hare long: been. acknowledzea, P'rice 4s. Sd. sad gS. Sd, per bottle, The heat of summrer also fagiuently ceurmunicate% a dryness to te hisir, and a tendency to fall off, which may be oDmpletely obviated by the one of Rtowlandsl Mwacarea OR1, a delightully fragpant and teansparent preparaton n,a n i '5"rator and purnder of the hair eyn on, a?cdnd, as landin Idonto 'or Pearl Dentifrice a wh e powderjrestVMons the teeh a Pearl-14e whi-tens., frees them froma tartar, and imparts to the gums ahealthy lrumaess and to the breah a grateful sweetness and purity, Irice 2s. Sd per box. Sold by A. Rowland and Sons, 20, Hatton-gar. lea, London, and by chymista and erfunmere. HAIR CURLING FLUID.-1, Little Qeen-street, H High Holborn.-ALEX, ROSS's OURLINGi 2LIDsaves th trouble of putting the hair Into papers, and dispenses with the use of crinIrons, for immediately It is applied a. lasting earl is obtained. VIldat1 It, U., Sent free, in a blank wrapper, for 54 stamps. Aand perfectly sf e o crB x and .A..L, isnowoffered to public use by the poseessor..-2i, Bentinek-street, Manebester-square. FrREFIT'sHAIOUTINGROOMS, L. New U. Bnd-tret. hve eenre-dcortedandfitted exprerly for hair 0 MORE GREEN,Red, or Purple DYED HAIR LIQUID HAIR DYE, can have it restored, free ofucbaygeit:oa r-stural brown or bleack, t-o defy detectlonlby applying at hi s ubarip. tinm hair-cutting and halr-dyeisg rooms, a. Btrrlmngton.arcade picca dilly. Hair and whiskers dyed onx the moot reasonable terms, by an a, nuatlsubscription, . eprcs,f g d.5 . f . n n una IARRHCEA,Dyisentery COliC, and sirilar Comnhianiso le bowels, are speedily rmiored by the use of the well kn-own DALBY's OARIEIATIVE., prepared by F. NEWBEERY and SONS. 45, 81. Paul's churchyardl, the lega representatives of the bin" Fr,~ncis Gell, DiEAFNESS, Noises in the Head.-D senBsry for Disease of 'the EAr.-Dr. WATTEBRS, 22,iSpring-gardens, Charing-cross, London, guarantees to cure deafnes in out examination, br a safe and paloieas treasment, unknown in this country. one thoucand cures ran be referred to. HOurs Of consultation, ni to 4 daily, A book, this day published, far country atients to sure themselves, Lent to any Part, on receipt of letter. en clig elght stwmps. FRAM TON'sPILL of HELH-1Jexeen familyPmedicine i theDmosty effctoIveremedyfi for idie ustin bilou geean deblivecmpaiTs,y gickveadache, los0mslof appeit ee,dosintess,giddintess spasms. an DIU aldSOreso the fk,stomachi sad boels nmoatehinantberbedoutiter ioe and, Observe "ToasPo,29 Sro,anid, iLrndotng"ontheo Golvernmeosnttmp.oldb all medie vend ors won0 D .yA InflueRnc HAprfbo 2 Ad.ROMA1 T C B STEmPLSoottr ol akoed ed seife ft mdnervu and enerl deilit. Thy gie n centtheuryl andm neurves, Ctee o the'stoah coIBLIOUrSolr fPce,Spedi-inioraem the o most sattered O Contiuios and,Ibeing abLSore winto thebltood, and tcireoflatbingtroughth wholesstm no palt aof thz e hbodyca seape thneirftrul monderu iPle Mt, Ionibxsc 2.S.,4, and atoipz,e , th o"th I 8andfw rueb Jm Doletn ulyprp refoet anup y e thf llapcuree dsug an aiIriauthaUbcinanbeproeur. at th ord igias aeh, es Dow eh robsaribadhsbenatned with copee Sulft fulesdthsieces thea cueofsass anAnalndalinso h stiomc nd bowels. I freedomtom n - -zu -ta e, ra-rec Dovr eoryn other variety as the mos tcefeta remedy fee conespc bronchiti ,gn , humtsm, Ltgs, Rbestor ecdiases of ith skin, ne a, r IrenA, Infantie waingd l rel pebIly a all roflous af etion, Sold only in Impeial halfInt, Uis me r u is. Sd,; quarts, 9E.: capsuled ndy leu elled with . d,Jolrhi = ndb srnature. Wholele had rctail yepot, A, tAR, HA tde amnde Co , Sralnd. W,C., Dr.m ado JghsleOle BriIs feitues, lsuh whom te oil sdailyforwaded to al pertof the merpls T IV13R.-Netves Somaoh, Lunis Restore with. NLOt MecE cD N _dl s healthrst food, FOOD. E the A.AICVAL uerT.AA31 day,m indigesto tdpon, ) ooutd I= and shog ne, m tot*r on, all nervous, o . inoon enot% orexps trenye, dait rhera, acDdit,aainltaIlonA benttum, haneorvsbou?,headaches, pairta, neantaiya, deblity dasendeury, crasm, spasms, Tausea ad M ickDes, sininfits, cughs, thma bhitis, asuC r aso chi comPa i ts, Becod . meddr y ebiorel . Shciar d, Harpey, Campbell, W az, and 6D,O otbroot eregpec persons whose health as been e- reIre blt, ostes all oNter moats have ashd,In Ianlsters,h . I . * l ib. 6d.:5h., 6d.llbs U ts. T he IIb . Tare2age e e, orecnton neeahofPee order.-Bry sn Baury and Co, 77, iiegenoct-teet, LrTv steet altwoo at 55, Oxford-street, re nd.hl 31IJ MORX ME3DICIN:E,-DU 1BARRY'. deliolotis .,L i OOD, the BVA3lENTAt AR11IOA, retore efct dg tion, sound lungs and Strong nere bathte mot enfeebld without physis, incoonveence, or expene anlt save C tim*esiscst oIn other semed1es, and effectually removes Indigestion (dypepula), latuleuy, pIrlsgm, all nervous, bilious, and livercipsnts, dysenter, dloeresa acidity, pissWttlon, heagtburn, habitual constpation, kcerho, hS3eebee, n,neufrlgi, debility, despondeecy, cramp syseins nause andsikness st the stomair alninin, Dits eoueb;asl ronciO cosuptlio, also chidren's sompl,Its teon nssddbe D's, Use, 4hrn, Henvey, Campbel Gattiker, Wnfrr, Inagranrao 0,G010 tter respectable preon whose heailthIrsi been perfct! rasiored by it, aftr allother maonshad fald Inocnses llb., s Sd.- 2ib.. Es.S, fih,, Us;11t 2.2:e. !Pbs lIb. carriagefe,on OD ec3pl of pcet-cffice order, Brr des Bir and 00., 17 Regent-trieet' 31rS, t urn, Mason, sadb O., 182, P1cca4lly Amble ni Go,, EOGrcsirh r'pt 5 3, liD, and 19&, Oxfcd-etreet - 33D,30 andl Strand f Bisapsatestee 28, Crwfrd.teet L ndon 7BE NE W PBRSLI~ IN!SECT ~PONY1fEE for j$ the preservati o! f fs, wolen,h, ado Wbe destrutc o moths, fleas, b,gta e,e Aibe3bLG usl tlii rniuculto, acd o - Inpac bBiiieta at0jd.-8i~-andle,82 anui also at Ed l. d,nd ds.Whiere by Q>el,cw flbbillst, I ts. coke, 12e.-WdODwAErs, artn t, eKnlghiabRd (OLS.-SlestCose oiSy.-sC Sd;Wals-eInd. 2O7s, W Wpc tb r BEST rhen King'. 4JOALd S.t6r 15.LO IEer caty-3 Cioshar WAPlIees-k AIS thee aszMvlmed economical. Bans3v ob taine, ay STONE largerHOUSE COlS, per to, Meieredafre evelr W=ther deeinde of cl ,arlse b tidi. P ah nly. 3OlC 24s., per ta . casN fd SOH ALbeoi *ortb 4 S~~ID Eer;~e~L 0OALS, beat, O 4i.-DIOSS IXS Coea Mrchant tAr &or 17,AHlET prs',ter' or Lambton's rAee'd-END rconAende; bet 2InnHcas p Ier . perh tos: est okbe. 4-, er ntobideon.- Jamaiadhab Surreyt sid& e of Blcfly bridg-B.Estalihedf i1intsq 24, ee ol bst.ee.-uliw-hr X .P. DId ad e bleeto thsee Brlay ina stok to Yar2th dootIc h o eidaoJ e-uwhay E=erf , Besrad,s23;>SdOl e nl e worth.North I iOALS, 19=rtonw durin thee to thebeet qu alt,eultort Wall's-ed, Cat is,. pe ennton- n seonds ore Cashnv on deIvery wthin t A, sleu brokerC, oei Copo, .ungtod.plaee, Ga erw6ild. W 00} 2ae tOlt ton, Yorksheel9eintfre a teibrbeet RmeleternReliway19a ofie, 32m, Grea anomeddhX b W. o 127 AlanyEtree, &reget'sprk, 7,N.W.soe *d3ew COAS.--OUTfI HYOpRKSlIIRE `RAILWAY and~ iVBB IDUN 0uJP lhr NtIZUlauneai De Ca.den and WKetern tailway. -d. ans prces,defn 'J iveo rewhin three mia of thhzdptea3o estatndn:-Pnret seened X weln LIm lsrea1 M11"My~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~We,s BBaildl Apply, at earest depno. BY ordn,r J. o3 ftOALS, by 2S.rCe SMITH and Co.ssl ece ioo,eo tos a year.TeyarenowOdelivern6tge direct, fo ter shitoheir superbeior P oSE W N r OAlS, songly re 2coeed a ton. D.eU oreensd toeay ot don of oa -land-basin. ~FR~ow orIto olf OOnAL b -RnghtIto [1:, b o eh ROdL, 1S1 and CO,rrdvalee Itbio the y en l. i itdn - creened bhandn, ad 6deaeSWedut,i1g.; thelBlimtoet2veme alongsie their twharfso seto eel.'- ierleosofthe Garleat DuZrmo.Dd ALS. r of BLoAende-por2-btn ailwaCo D tent. 19 ditt 17t ee. St a delivr thoogl scrIeend at 00e perou te on; o brsel thetto,r Casop2e. Siktooe 19. etDryhr.le laho eiey l rest brOdthe 8sed to M=erda. DArble, Nrtehond iw t CaleuBd,>osnia-onBad. lY a alflO lOdalS, 19adL,, P,e _PerV t deUee fre * ebell 1&JWalworth, 7; Brierto,ca,,h7J,n,Ib K aeuningl°' Peoham or at y part Sf Lononn andta thkeImediatge Outkrtsn. ast Derbyhie larg UOUSEHOanDX CdOAlS, Plsie,-peer rton: genin C Aimodd c05 pErS ton t=P d0 --rit 3 ('OALB.-GONEA an NORT H.~~ JCPOALTCIIPtAyaeIs n datelive orahthir beat the Ottiorn):-B-ro22 the , utth Yoor}Xhb oflteA EV. COAesed, per ton:-Beaet o 17e.; eper0ton: Clay-coss. lT;;iirxtte'.z11 owU3=t-wand inaaji9L3n ash tokees pt4id, lon lThEte Compan otrongly reon th>eir bie4 toImi a Nee t seahoreaonducinggroat heanery StatIon. Der ts Cexrade and Kesinton Sors, London ohsthe Ealluy.Te pordeslg of t o wa gspiorrCAtI.S delvere Agenit for mls oteo d3bot tonwsnder byPthe seoet 1For wel ain (iherat, Etie,; Sot orshr htouseD, toe nadie pr Aplyt nheaEDdoteresetlt depot. By order . B5. CEIS.HNIrL,anae pD indb Srew . Ft Fan it renAc.-EA and C . , = 74 °uTad. her Callon.-Hetton'e an Te dohoton ho the beet e e o d irectlfrom tth oll t the abovae Docks by thle sueorw clarn Oor5hran Battn a3ndlf KiSLling.l we,a orth:or Ruo3ell' Htton's Waltl'sen,usa lly solrd as beet colsb at2e..e r touebn.oz Deivredy w°p,enend t upatt o f apiLetondn 4iham orAVIESdm CANtLES, p 7e.-Lsa ad Co., chief t udon o eRa lway S;taennons Hlgax, 1E.Siurt osn. oar Klegriand- 'vel6, Ad`;.;Z, BUIN3z from US to 4,elo-SeIhln°°bSclb^ chesttrPosk and XonerOrdercEW an o the me WA cT PAlM S.-An letters to be pose pe da WBwt ofS nnIke altby,Y ramrred, age 25. Good Van Millteion T oldsabl intOl-nB., 87, Wall'sendt, W ETn ast mi a nobl their b r Bettors's Wallsa Vi. ery ton. y deiee o aypro Lno rsuub,fntaho enlvry Tewpe Grea W Lnon8 e where there Pott Stantenoswhrole-0e ; and ehOrdcters- .ob yusss (expericnced). From thecounty ta ake sent to nefaarYedt depot.e h Urary,PsddlnagetdOen6 ywithaoe SallwR, an Wellre withrienlIe mle fh Kingle-geo. Sttonki A- Y-ncumYorkshire and Derbyshire oo eld a- h oeer e coal,. sD,M per toen , eartly lys.; al young lent seconds liel mehreommnended:-M stea oSrK funaces hrard oal Ni pBSe (tNDER), or to mare herselTgener beonfy umile froaAthe d. ots b out beion-cO. r .o 3, S t.WDelieri, a.ti LADapseaID, or chander tou n a A ordemrfs to Prior.n' f 2il . Pleat-tra re. Kitng'e-fincr nu. s. neOAlew.-GATeNO-RTHER, hy AlLcAY Cae,Dk4 OrA ul. PAN-h3.bIT- ton and from rl ths late th oryosfCA bogtt ADreSed,Ae to(n arnl, l wtor woth one; Rortw cHais, lO.;P. Couleeae 37,ewton, (lsnmbere, loandCo),us. 0.; Slkatno liee.s, Jo, the Cottnt of DrOhm Ath nl. Adeli teeadWlteeD IY. team or Yurna oal le ies. l C s to bepoanvngte order oo dlive ory,un ere mil Li, , lthusStees lide-Aton-squ. S.W. hdo TADY'S-?6A1 toUPneorHtw oueng aidiei.nd destn Isno chrgY7ed fo anydistanre beyon dye nl9. from the: coalndepot Ht hell S otatizon. DCelicisalt Hnspetead orHlbgt ae bgd s t e TtrawaThe on r to London by the tiea Snorthern ailaye arJe at Kng'-rsher and at Hollower; andcare so e trkEn, 7ino mrde coal, l!:toad e , HerberatCree Agen fortheS-ale of Col bpr ought i toL ndonb the Great Nornthe riuteilray," stherotd El.ng'e-thcr, *- B.toloe , acori9, t theeS p eximis si, the writer' sdror to lht hue repecIv dtepots; or, ltohln 19, Mowtt Seoretsy.-.K alngsoedoni nond, LNd.,Jl16 8 r "y'S Mh1D. Trhoroughly undesidshrbins L and dmmkiang. No-obiecti et o rech tl r , - L, e 1r t ount tree cotinro tno ell.hei ceeat "DY'S-n. a, g 24. UJnderAIndsW andre ave vr lw price Suandr geti g upt n wa cnde . d p eattheB.C. beet); Im3rod Beti-hawae. Baownde d, per lb. beTheeod s oaps,m reaJdy) for Imme diat ue Is. 4,and. lie, e II21. nES'ns CANDLnES, F andg ho,-pe lb.; patent waxbr. Btrm Is Be. id erawa,s . Id.bonlwa,s.i. MAID to an elderly lady, or Upper Housemaid in a ETgentien'sfamiy, yo g:n , Your yeas good dercter Good needlewoman.-C. . 29, Upper Berkele-sreet Hy de- q UEDURWOU, or Warcrobekoeper in a school, or Noould talke charge of hblidren and wardrobeL-j. A., 5, Oxford-terre, Lorrimore-road, Walworth. XTEzDLEWOMA, to wat on an elderly lady, or asslst In -Li£ n . Age 1, Understands dressmeing.-B H., postoffice, Croydon. ATDEDA-T on a lady, or entire charFe of two ohil- dreyueder ar.e a widow. Good necd! a, Highlyre. commende&-L. , c.Bcland-street,Noew North-rued, Hoxtoa. T=DAxT upton an invalid or elderly l -do gt reterenws-m. BK, wel aks, t!aoer, Bloane-aqare, Cbfel, A YONG PeERSON, to take age of one or two young A chldren. OCa nmke their drems anddo naln'aeedlwk. No oblecelon to assis waiting as Sable.-A .R,7,S&George's.ter,,Dal$on.ge H OUSEPRPE, or General Servant to a single gentle- uman or lady. M lddlr-fed.-A. k. 15, Grat TrI ne, cy. oyOUSREEP to a single gentleman or house of busiH nets, Does not obect to a genaralsitnatlon. Goed pln o. lAlfdls-sged. Carefl man14gr.-Mt.D,3 Cra-t,Eylr,al worh 'OOK (PROM'EE) and Hous :PzRin a noble%Ws papEer ofile,45, Graionatet eat-Tteba-or-od - nooK and HousxKz ," or where te lady isher own Tbrce years' carce-xB P., ?ceehwsaeela dar.Ksgte-trce_. YCoE and Hotinsmna, or where the lady In her 'L,own oneerr-,r. Are 40. Ooiatsypeferrnd,-J. E, 16, G*as 1tseli-tset, xent-gsren - HoIUSEEXaRm to ally genle2srwbh .'JsDOtb eae sklept. Age41 VerkxerIenoedj~ lsa. kaclr..-F,,, Ii. Hestrde-Plaeei Ut J@6in',od, 1tskeat'spark. CO-it (GOOD), where a kitchenidWis k't-B. l, 4sRW ae. L e Sr Zb "OR (GOOD) No objectiot to a job. Good char,~7ter.-W. F., Barns', 35, Cbapel- treat. Osmvanr-nO,pcare C-I-- , ''on,, in 114a gentma'fmiy Peeoy C ~~ businessand trezn3%qEmmt~of a dairy. G~)jj POOR, th omnaid s kept. Three years' ch%CooKter.isL b. mi"nc->et C eroisl-roa, E. in a small faminil~ThrZeee yewars' goTFooacter. f OOa, or Housemnaid in a atefe family. Can spe 2 SLegb, hibanp3 erma- B,, ksQs 1, Tenlter-lriert nort,h, PGnat (OOK in an hotel, club, or comn:eroai hosee. Thor %J oug mydert&d her bvilnm3. Age 37. Wlhere a kltcheumaid Is keDti.-.z., rins's, baker. Btamf.,rd-street, k k'el re-roasd. Ci° 1DJrP') in a 3-entleman'r tadeaman'A G.PAN, fa irelderoad, famlnytoa. 3D .- .w.f i bS Age COO (Go PWN^). ¢Age 30.-S. ).,D 21, WeUceloso sqes,t. Gieores eas (GETPA) in agen`tleman!s -tra~desmandi (lOON (GOOD PLAns) in a gentleman's or trades,man's Sdy 1 lnqs14 Oreetn, Chlsea3.E! i R 15hgnlnea3,Oet ai g h a- l x C°°ls (GOOD PLAIN) in a small fWnily. Age 30. A FV ear3nd six mnonthe' good charaotr.-_ A., 4 Red Lionsreet (lOK (ooDn LN in a smailflmily, No objection 'jtaersUnthehouseok Age 26.-H. W., 5. Dean-tr6eet, High d.Ai,)in gdentleman's7familY. Mfiddle- dair and bakivg-L. D., Ofleen, grocer, C(erlanPLvbere) ina&gentleman's family. Agge 27. tchuater,4,)4,Pies B ret°bkstreet vefit, Westmmd 000K9 (Gltp6oon PLAIN), Rnor General -ier antn a P`rivte mtonths' good cs 2<-s Ts ~evnrgnahontee tbnede1 (ji in a small quiet famitrn,Oly, ddrE,a youg worann, floo (PLB , AIN n) in a tradesman's famiy -hneraL 1ervant whereabosrep B.,,enbam-st Edgewarerd. E ti -K ( P B ) a h o u e o f b u s n e s s , i t a v e r n . G o o d H ood~ (PLAIDN).or Hwrousmad n rgadesa' fa miy. CbTwan a ye go cance. SW, 1 Bilelneaowe-sqa HOUSEMID, orU9rsz (lOOK (LIN, orKthemi here a&cullermaidik .Ag 0 ]ElkeptZS kp ytar'gdbr- . B.o esHydier, -edn-road, Bayewatee. W.aAge ter. YYOJSEMA IDE;U inwa smar faini Goaowdowoecm stnesret _ tr.l4. D,gyear, evrj g fonnd.9-L. W., 5O chraw. IYOUSEMAnD (thrugha)in a gentlemn's famixly,w~here La foohman Is kept. 2n Monet cthe ount-A., geo wno- s. Sir.Stieng, neto sl, Hendald, SBut 14,. fOUSEMA ID (PE)i olma' aiy ri t cha- atret. r o&,c67 uitry. G o o d chsrscter.o C. I'., 5 13OUNSEiATI) (torog)iageten'fmlywhr sLaootdanI khw ept. 1 ots ca-ce.- ,Bow',ea tOUnr.EsetD Br Noo ll - o1.n haraotor.M. T., OS3A whereafotaiskt.1ea' a =e _ - e'su _"OUS HAT inP ayfgoot% O-SBA (S an I S N., 7a, 1n ew-street, for taret, Noo. ArotiRII)whr footmanwhere isfkepnood cermai 3d oodet, terk ro , 3d , GrtCaedonatreet, toa -s where t D footman Yn D e O. Age- 30. un Marylebene. ousfsbxnia g78enteman' faiys weea=ota -Alpa,32. Queen'-row,Caubewllgat = o f_10E SRA Tin resr.tleabl family,aA maido Whelleafootmandi eLt. 16 onhs GexcNewout caer. -T.Hi. Clarke's.B Irnogr Rathorec-street, Sobiexua Gc od s~ss.sjn (UNDER), or Housemaid oin a sme f am zoerdw 6ard-treetYr-groad, Le,mbeth.ta' 'I- !IhCF.SQIDnsTine -bndtonne akshierf Yutefua: ]JperAoone MenoAusXD naie Binnrna.gnen.st. 1h4e, street. dover-road. AIiRMAL S0rVT Orr Pqlainqa Coo.1 mnth'o p We XPeratence.Age 6, 7.oSalytretN, g Lo oroe. Pollen-atreek Hanorer- Agear 22 araoths-caractL, TCH.r aSntv,a. iy tn ar respectable ahmuy,e raf bwn woman."Well recommedj*H.1,GetN-t lets In-TmsY SnderAI t or sng nlemanoro in agsn's tioner 10.cn ylege-gree,. rsar Kont7a ndtarn ~ Ra1-h(CoIcVIkearl aeynd ton saehrel.sfl tjMldls-ged,~H. .0~,Robet's,18, an R- row eenw.et,s Chelsea IV..7a,Edwrd-tret. orkroad. Lneh street, Strand.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~G.r~ 4 S lHA1ABDRHUNDEoRHedHuma.Tonr country. B WsllexPerfenedo ge 6y wer'go chrCharacteHr 10 PoM"stet HanovWier-ae IHu useful r ,or Hoseadwrenchmrai 3a. eC, IZ.Hamion-serreek apta-od jgjTLERNT an (A,Thoog) na oe,tvr,o Bcate.Twheoreasulrnd kp.ogodlanCo Ia co mrilhtl-.I. ,Pr-lc~Nwsdstreet, Kensington, PIcr toratn Cok inamllgmiy Good Chav Vili ake Croft-A. bkrwertpl,1rpon ITAHE1Ao D Foro nerHusmidioayntena o0ontrly -15 ot. good 4 hrce.R i Rrasslbay EsGy-sree.Hihyro .mia AOtema'2.amly.Strng inFeay an htel Country orflierri. Age 88,Joh-steet Tetenamto mae hros&sta -D RSIID,or aites ina rspetabe ous of ustr- ThWa'-Otree SeRasT, ooutgh, iv qo BA gAIe Agene 19.No benint buins before.f Wou-L D.22 baewillingtorieet onewmonth, an mkehesef eu F 18, bro in anhtlTono ountory undetasis he burese. good Character.. FOOT gAN, under a butler or sinle. ige 19. T Xonrya, dntIo ee yeaS'.chsrato- ,-, T, Jehnson's-pce,Rarrow (OACHMAN (thorough) tolpr, Pad room, or Groom %/and Coarhojan. Single, ligh weight,s ageIt. Knows town, -UndeniaBlecbaracter.-G. gh. Allens, sadder, taford-hOJ, ne.e' oodsn. oCCm A2. M arried, e aars' ch r lhcaracter, Town or oounsy.-F. A., W a noa 8 ,Oxodstet ('OACRMANC pairor brougham, }Eperienced. Seven MeRlys, 56. Gmeat Portland X age 3. Town or cOunttry.-0 ., (lOACEHAN, or Groom, Marsi'sd, sge 39. Understands hfbalnis Knw S well.o blechon to th onr.Egtt noArgWAo , or Groom a. d Cobige-pac Steady, single, Othr Wo oAHM ,to drive oue or oforaparofhorses. Middlle. a at In all X15 branche. Country COACHMA, or Pas Groom. Understands his bus-- j e, Sinl age 2 Gooh daacer. Town or oouttrx.-T. ,,- 00or totake ce of abrougham. Can wait R. EL.%lbearirt.4frace. Xew-etlo ITe No rwoo, 3vzS°l&,t (lBOONI 16 take charge of hunters. Muarred, age 32. GrPegfseyunderstands his businers. Sixyen oratrLih BE. 31. Binasc EI.-, lathbous- pAodrree I0RZoxand CowAC aZ. Can wait kdtable make hmhn taf usefuL Age sWifensefulonorn-b Three 1 a->*'A Married, with one cIi1d. Three - ev:sx good aHarmAters bUdottand gardeLutg in It ha brzche. - f. Post-Ofhoem Aldenshof. Hants. ({AfDlENZ (O PRACiCAL) or Jener Useful I >_lr m=L JIstried, an 3a 4i aeus in lplaoe. GoGd refaence.- -rd_ 1, OAotdonucommont 1 6.nFied*--I. S., 6, Xew-street, L^ni batb.walk. ; TtGE OPoBTZR, MIesenger or any eEmiIa- active empl G~OD re P., 43. 'B ,aBpo .R,x 43>. Hen'y-s\, Peotonvjlis |TGI1T PoRi--!^B Age 18- Good cbaraoter.-Y. Z., 4; laee. Knightsbrldge. '- 4 Po Bes esen ger, Ware sem orate T IE PBTiIsor MeiS.'ger, a Young married man. stzeet,~~~~~~~~~~ 40. Oaklej. poRTBB, or Agseger. -ge 2U!. P , Drum. T.)ORTE& in an hoteS . Towu o j Sex. Age 22.-AB., 2. Up tonsnee., tis Pt i Iyundenoten! 5 n2e.Wad aebismg,r. 'POR"R, or Porter *go e... Y..: A. Z odlfreea-I, 24 tl rou Eulo*rjneet K.W. oren -ORvMo in am hot t e y how e of business. street, Sibury-qae)et .2,18Dre. conTCHEN Z.T3a9 g man. Caiht Wt A DD.,or orter a o ma.e MnewUn weIL-G. P. 4 C eI-st,eei& graTB,Ee orShae,ond or hotherwLe Experiencud. WN'I Mbee1d, eod vW rirran in an hotel Gooed ch-s 15.-. 25, 1. Ane-o,oet of -Toad. LSambOth. GeIS ' °rmuan SpeZk 11,nch d EnKg_she. erenoL-s' K., . Kiby-sreetHa c-grdn Nattoa-raoden.~HAtongwel rw7AITER in any ti7la, oueo busines -Many vv searsf SX-aO,Got~d rE!erenoe. Age 34, giogle. Town or .0 eobltreet. pout-offee city. A~ rrasR, Head or liocod. A!e38 Lived 'in some b.octh f rsd railway hotes. own or country. Good eba- r-te -dablity-.a. M_. 132, LOng1aae. Bemnd,ey. w AT5 ePAge.tWel un erstands his Sase.Go hr~ er. Seourityif rqie-.S.11. brots,o. iao-Qee inTa an hotel, club-houe,orpiaehu. Age 35. TOWnL Or *OlUktr.-A. Z.,1. i,Gwyupae 4o-rr AITER, or Second in, commercial hotel, tavern or -3- B n roo&. Town or count!9 xe ellent charact. A
SALIES BY AUCTION. Yorlsbire.-VerY icjiortant Reversionary Interest in the Entmdhay. pM EStatS. na ed,wtcaitlaso,Park, iFarm,and abyauabe Posiy oefderosutoanLL b AUOIONESR, onORTNo GGreaIlTfllw adaTRIT 11 eI beg, ato inhor thultah aLEdo the xabov PReFp,aver tireul ed tor tk iea h croog oe,Les chain smiAug.s24, ll37 Lr n IhrondnWrs irlga hydraueSS yFULLE an r adHO iarnntrce ratJiby the Biannig uec of er. oanHndsntoSL b AcytiON,r ond Mrondayt Spptebr21 ndtvu a oloiga at I eacht day, tamt teWs aslboe, gre the vlabeanumorat a fL weOTl. to LOOen TOOLS ra ofm tby odnWrs mrcn evearyareuiieccnrtos, e nginehig rtABypers, ronfotoolsr ahor and achain smits ller, boUride n nro maker s. bu.m ldershos, and otef pncluding Utnoctable,bgb- tessuboxeteamdengIns, loam hcse toa-hd s nowler one w6yeihs tn pofe hlgb-preutori stemvenine, tope waon h Irowhghs treorm stammes boers, fromt 4-hols, toes m-horse poe,h ralies,n the Bportablog tube toet of eas-ihairo pumps,an gwit tIo cyliners'patnd wnchow,tIrn applmaratu for piylesiankigtredll wroug ht rntuernt lee,grera tenstingcdmtacie two forlateecst-eo a d wees th-r bndigahine, hyruice ,crua swt bech appaatus eer pnchngO prs, flyt Ofressew;rthe oos ofU6 =fitter, anchr siths, bliermakgs" and smiths'ee ops lande foundry powrfu atelyrd 10ano boxer and &lohes ring wanod polte, crae san an badbadle, rpks s-ha legs,bloca candtais, sings, wales and wights, O ronedo smths'ckos, ain anvils,to arnda botto ewegs, ongs, hmmers, gets,bl ftools,i twaeof maudrelsnt mtonkes, doids, &,. ortale orge, 8 ton of cast-Iron dipes an o ges forni Boger' patnt achouc eroies, Mblocksran farelsroonvbox and bok for eteeshammes, seeralkons odrargtamnsteelltao fOd lthes, effoiti_ driling sa shaingmacines ounthersink, ry meralo sets only Wthitworth' tape nd admith toosed. ofic WLaiweobthsaiges, sevrf aye pltes ace rcsuhees,kgeeatng, or0 ofe Mof Fleater bands andb strapskatr makrseadxarenters'M arndhs u0 saffodxpoe 0 lddes, saffLd oeids,oa''rkow planslorrmw, evn ars,m.be ariaE, tbRS whim, R twrandtrcs HOSExYarrc haeness,ranted ralwyck truck i (nrow gaue), Fitigox h i and paide nto stoLe, ArOugT-IrNon cioens,pups Ocobe;5 ando thevey speior dy.a 1offc frki luae, mahoany tabe wrs, couc cairse, thle S 'OC iepoof bon andsaoe twSowrou ghenIrosales, inldesks. dagtomn's tahded and sort-ler beffse Tndothervate three,5 tn daysporto patheleby mnfcataoures, ony,a wbitht chich nopearso, ilb a dmlstr teed, which blt maynd nuts,altnsd rayen~ day hters the sale, at0 the Works, atnis cacht ior, fof tonsswrougher and u naolsay 13,0aoe fila-teL t, grs. Approer bin at co andtin' d(le wll a hotakenIo planclareert theextan of £50a and upwards. thr et cn cf r Lo n doo ~=sn eWOR. t Biemin tha( r m.mey l m blVcan byrhasnes, ofiwa wherels and ands. sendersoandtospriLb rACION, hont Mndy,Ocobr, ana4eap%Udkfplatow"Ingds qatni otlc eahdy= t ndcthe work,a bv,teSOK CraINS Anors,0to Panotherns chIns 50o tosa sprl an ufaturednsvntnebs madiaheaer, wadbstereta, orbls andnus lotoer criate, 50 naris, 1.000 ozen fie.200g sw hr, b rat fs, copper and ti dO elbm andoa plsi, larg unIyo esnds and ptine hords,i ratme, hot-pater, andtemipstnkla,lrequntyo riailin postsandr paell rooteGratSIX) lu buld waogh mand tes catDIon in,tw ruh-lojae fr1- grrsasueatthe sraalhbiieBulin,n at the Cryoa Tins, plu.Modernbok falai Stckoupins axi-ee,mnmccs adlmany Fothers o ueos enumlerat Finavrleoatah pe.o canBERamTtd and whihmab obtine, sevene daosmefs thcale, atnth Wcaorks, tatles. sieaboardoMssrs b Puller, andcoreyd 13 Bllner,-soatre,Lndon, .C.4prt a hills at sionths'bedaterA vedj beddtakentrom purcawers o h exI-tent ofit lit0and unwre5B. 'tables Dan.tder bued arh tc o lmber a ndnsm h Paqiniter, Hy- effects. a, veeadotlgebd jIJf HerOBa SeR R EID4 wil EL,a his~f-Holnb,= cad,an Rcs.oa tables sidebONrs wnkc.ss SELLee byAnd raso chairs, easy dhittRo, n,uam andv othrcres chimnedy. Armd piest gAsse, TacgNy four-poet,aaned, onrten,adotebdses aend d,i u cestl cbwbraWes, wahstns ih itig,lesn tables and b f waedchamb ter appendgs, kitchenreist,an veffies day beriewe and mocatf aloges whad,e -81 lb. ofemgenuin ates 12. tilers Re1edSrr.Rw0ua, Bi ts,at a4 cases IndtiaCondie m pen-tsPreserve, Pdirkngt ingaonDyn Groud Coours Fixureas Fmtr, Sandex fc. -bol ae ToIcoeradvanes, e,thtLtcmpWgth 11 SSS FR REELVN!andvetSON to l beSELLsuo by T.UCDUVR.NTIand,Oqfat theirRos asraovel,Hatdl, on Wensdyhugust y a four 2hdalfcey of Imperia iunpodeAs tean DIPOEllDutOfdy Iltitier eindsua,da stgar, offee, ocmp oa, 14FcaeshIndia cottdtimnis, 10oI,wl, ellow nap,resrves, picklmoes,fany oapedry anderoundl caithers hoounseh3,Poldburitre rndfet, On Tuxvie t'e monn 3. oft h MATtER-ALSoftdeen.urda fo 10iet iuiDn, famn,-rcaens, dr,s Sle siJglrEyindr. CaYeLuEY BROTfy heeRl l ELb new AUCTbION,h wisthfout reev,omhonenas ,elntugen onThreay Aug.s2d at12 Wke exelnR OSHODicI. TUpE andl FO~ oprsn rwn andh d Lianlfrr roomappoint- cluk, rone rtiles cimny onamnt, asu830 vhno-le,nof ooks lare untiy o anien an oter hin,ktchnwequsite fudc, Onfed view oeodayporioran Houinehofd Marriawhen caitalogusm ayth hAd on mthe preise; alutMr.ahte's,o1k0. Bialopanat streemwthut andis R. GEO. GOBUrLaSMIT, w Sussebx.V MTOTIOE.o vis here iven, that Lu t coprisingt the tf Lt. GerEEHOLd. olk Tue,adv RpertiseMtub sol by auction, by . P.e thoe of theda noferAugsHus, a beenOL DISPOSrED O IbcPainysm Cy ontracot;brand tatnLo 2, compriasingd Pourtarbedd Cttges isho gaywithdrawobut the ofraer o sl lotle-tope toTreatdsfor teWSal thbereo byd Prlate showtrat onbpat ionne toe u eesa , Zlnan an Tod Printers, Printers' Broke grs,fc-endfrm RedN ha iii unedewrkabi tel oy thimeyRos 13, pigr Holborn, ohne Tclokrada Stept o, at 3, th MAteRIAL ofutthed Surrey Guarudiang Ohm: comffrising ype frnom A cylnderf ink ing tabortgalleypess,boa copopltAs 14, , cueland ever reus W o a weoprM and jobing office. The rwhl street; tth roodms;an f r.B Keseial. 37, oLudg 913e-hil ME SSPES, COMMON andlSO EIORT wLLl byELL b*y. 1AUCTI.a t at thei ODgreathS Rooms 2Of Ohanders-onWednosi ThrdyhAg 7 Setelmfer lt.at HOUS of sopz lot.cpr Fiel~ur Lt1.A brassbedseads clea beddiEng,i ceewo and draing room 2 suate-row cettag lanofrte, ~:t by" Toonurkiaon, andy oc" the saWoee~tinp low modem hose Loui XIV A cloc, fwfnaltngd Ian candsimer,nand thffESSRS 1. RPOmnWEn and HERRIN Gram-tt beg oingor £11r. Oth pubIs tapto the SnAtE of the nt7o thetGu=LI PROPERT, advertised to tak plcebat -the Mrffart,fonrTesay te o21 2006,fIs unavoidabyL i POTPNE unAthgj i Sptembe r 8, wlds It so offkegred to pubgsevmetofiten besPartiularst e a atc thedenearest inns to the proert3 endo Mofth 3auctioneersi, 9Jmq, C fno-asetwest,o an 3, Alfredstreet, Bow-ro10ad,=XW6 1 Plnlio,Supri, onehod urltrs,Cd PnIngs,L PlatedAr-.%* *Th A tl X &RDA2qlE aRo a.j REZ40LID.DTtti OB OHIIa <10~1, s tlk 1 Iag know po&eAd22rC ORWdMW s^bt d *be s,emjees T6 Z hduiz n8 ; a8' w r BL L uaemWo.Fio, t u . Areebold Iuvetm [OR.d M . IDAN EL O w^ TIOgN. aort. G adlasyt Uther TIwet iuu& R;as leseagecla n eio a a Tbones a60adjinng, et D toetD tD Abumnn. The httodEdde by il.ix t tc tbXaybeie we m soelyfrmilllxal a-t. asPkigintoSge, aIbhMuo, s. enn s Eousabold ateraieuae syws, at thu MI dB.c E. THOS by' BILb ACI:Es ground rther heoaebef a Xedb ° aesll D ufi2 mood, tand btfieblhgoes Maw b ls t s The-a 5oofhmao. Io.e S. eaousehold Pra h3 e. ltc WtS3,aol M AUEO to 1ELL- 6.l>ibeAU1 IOKo2, at1 tItTWy lnMoodalec, Vl-rD D z} cu ho wperd me, lotysa*n I IME,for eartsac,chu-pcee,o the dt PREMCISES, knOwas sos, SmitliJHEd, together wY ng 2 24, at the u t h hole o u £1d0 Cludes a spacious concer hold i O which is a lese oureo rd. rie a evee,m eDatieEulssadaso aut Gasuways ;ofm thesrr.Jaeeu, (10b, mo bit' - rset Eateingal-seet ci;:a&= Wm ShTeeneous MDW t s., n6 P . - UTTICB.a Knd EIMSO nre tnetruct to ofe p! s broA V0150N *t will SEll ony A cO at Piccdill. onMonay. ugus 311madth6uree -h'bl R-mate, 19 WCOI, RUTXn ol fglanteouse e doBnu3O,in BHTing t f theibr oEfL bleya dsTeIasN, at mhe an zbG7en ,i-, Tobitk claw, toyahe2, atin stee rey bteany5 STbCK ofnaSoTsA oN, m and nfanoson hidi, cogpda M recesp otwnl oetaml*tS platen fot o.e tlttthu4 Rares,gip and falu.hlwalnut anrotxnewoo,hl RiDyTie and SauPtaloge sae at thetloin of Il teuayj Lproerty wil SEL byALObyl AUCThIr OuN, onth VicdlyTI A Angble ,tal24,tand Xown r.a~ hby tr melyvaloaBle and beHioUma-ok Vi th en v tos teems. da. mauStte ots,old~t poetr and sohng§Es, ldietsamsas)..l must wollrks onda books onthe itrysdthe0yf mnsis;iath German,and It treatises, madrgals,cahedral-modIm uise ~~~~~~~~~~Ag t &t = fo t.I ritualg bOOks, pralmody, ow.osme er inteD g and otuiphg% elto vcal an d oInstenpenaworks of thef best d oomoeure , neobil acoret of operas, oratorios. jtn niee, ve rtbues, d andsee inneicatinst.m entbe o vartioa kinds, ;tanofoste seafned h , garme it v 1lonceb Oa ha T salardino.ag oif receiptaof)u-o Sal LOms,28,Leaenslitret.~tato Gre iates FzalsawErl Ginger-beer Van. the pub taYu abn Ro, g the a nl SmOCK of a dSTATitOR ado bAiOY DEAER cmoran dream o apr vaEerios l,t envloes bibl,pears hrch s garnry dbllr hameos, aie oa er r , Mayte, viewed, ma oand romn _ . J .._ tiner 5, Ca.troames Pater3ioster-row.T to the of sale.ptb U I ca t1e M AugutSte. v s f cumina'," O'Sswn ' ad odem Hovsceewlodremoiin from Ketdntheir coch % co7 an TURN tables homperisn damas csaks norble ch -i-iey-Slass,reels saiwod tapestr carpets, mandogsafyts,leso oncade%llet scdebfoa rd,caires covrpeds in mo,ogny hs.gkof maognyx table,siebord, Aroaban,d other bedsteads, gamad bedding. cean bed -anar furnitur re, t to.eMay be diewem onW Taed gay andmkritgbof reuate.. Oi,tlcguea and catal TWeT eha toatothe ro oh. italS oease. ,anidat Bellale thewsoad t-orw on theprmes atov 11 miaye had on thednremiayses,And at thefcs, uopicaresof6 ealrs andober omneibusesha, utmmonA SuaEy-vmper lben paind unoesyneed Saeleosvral BTaln abl Oilusfaitlg ioseCarv andG'it rAmeso, Wate2.cloltvur Cbasokad othe nr Elsinalge Tandm M. the ClPems,ham-rfonsro on Thursa, At27guovstNM% ther stoementionyedvee P O&ET,wh ithcae viewed four dm36th pro.t ti .orte a of sale, Cateonee s may be obtaiedI atte. om ;ns Mr.J. tevns' esateandagecy f 1es KAe Pav thendala,ham mence at 12 o~~~~cteck precip4tely. 4MoDdernHonsoold1uritue3andrEfects Gomremi-oved.fo esnt B. TB. wlln THoumaS inl lt,26 1 SaLnbyA AClO&at ei strtet ditto.trre TI RENEp,Anut t G.Nu D11HON,i 0 in.. Desn'*Pa, V xandwlltairs Dewr~ciptneyp-gclaeeh rieoo apeae ~in frmr adaetvmaskcutsiand winin beotabtles,atsideboards,ronetdothe bedteds bEed and-rbedding2 Cthesutio o drawers, cin and glace,sci itchent-quistes. Watiew.a It. 5 Pats12*plaket.tiew Kentro aud rander Yew iukn LQunek0 tet. qualiy singenistonea tandhcuster otnd1Wheelw right adBone fmeialdeack.-gasederaed Albr hials ueoa.edadtn IRsT n PTGe of wthes eytemnsieand ae ado valuable SO~opbn monzs~, o. iss,at 2olco,wll Orel=d.dhentantevan Thenm Mtsa1 h vieMMWed,f Cattalgue,wt adpar3lcolwith onm4edproe MiESSorotES KMGcle and, SON ar-eeixtrute tWffr.o 0REtR obySAUDMb M. ON , at tla ne mhsu he Mart, 2, ThreeLbeasxehodsoi lof"t, inP -k-et-lo, Nrmwler. M.HoSeadSR op UTCHEI beertae lto aounclae, Collhege-sueet 4. Dwellin touse,AUZEN 2 atDanstet,ACRom' r 0sialr win a A.Tnelelugus2HM or es,In three lots, 26u31 this Weealineyr DesslptwepatOladshaek apperedin, former adgvtertspedort and. maybeA obtined at the,Mwrt.spulton fie,Ml and ndl-so~,Ag extenatve2 eact lotime,fisnt'qeasd moden PAE hiben ranidbon eh, cefe lyandtapts , t ey.Theres, depoor,, f rks, ho., co tmy ewels, in. fl,dnaf romagnibcent bracelet mnntdraingnmrous2 larebyilliats o effectsa, Maybe iewe andd catalogueshad. aFdeehold000Orckar. 111.T.W.A.WABDE! imaroedto SELL,aaLlt n tre,stutwIthN n upomnuthe wrolkfom, the Great yetsniay half an hurve's:id fom wPadingion.ANy n sigi Aretir abort ietans from ondowil dad V.is dealrheoprd mt. ThoSanse oer Mll, har Co" 'agel, and rs,wt di BM3ttnoez, i oneU4 lo ubra cetbl fesol e. Staies,J.ddlsex SThe milcomrie thoe wbfosj,wt h SAMe. with uaondiblon PofsTe,ba oN f r illia u" S. ins, Ess,, solicitor, e -o Feking and Sn,aucioees,eaeL-agents, vLtiehrs, Aow, Dreeorld.t Valuactble Freeholdbitte WMaretplc, oel JL UOkttNo SELL yAOIN the thek % oaWotl"mw,c Thvsa. uus2 at& S fr 4In h tDo,te l-s.iI wel-uit REHODPREbuxmID.S dalabl A itat ch dentle ma'swak,Ol ~aret IortanQd- Vcha,~ -he pesor oo sellrsho anI es,wt a p-U.Aaoioim at-wijatrangs4galles waebuss prntngan bokiniuo1, nardlyi 7afcruy Th eiec snao riaeetaiwe waidhr dinngroomituw b leift.or ,eeatdain om2&ypt w sitvetin om,axbe om anry.rsigcost,tri. 'i*hN, Mie,genos,h. Teeov reia s~ cee. pircae pmay beaceommdtad *A." psao, n haeteoto Of~kn h tc n untr at mvalteaMW~ TsA lag ated AheMuscaeoematei&, nraea 4 5kee%cndia,,$m, 't le eeais fM.~ee t ote oft%bAg ~~,er2s wit1~~~~~~,,. Cork .,..~~~~~~~..: ~~~ ..o....
keMb lnd, Suffolk,. mmediately on the roart. fouronlestcmrLwe.. -~~~~~~ l~~~~oft. SESSRS. DllIh SMITH, SO, and OAKLEY JJJ hav, received ineructions, from the pr6mietor to offer tor att P Mr,near the B3aan of Hviland. To-monyovw 26th.ti a6 le seoWP:EBItTY, eonrlatlng c fabout M acres of capital &akit-e, me dow, rn~ aoroemodmetton lstan (Purt freehold dpt copyhold), adu eyiageofKeslngland anden tha brgh road trornLowcAols to=,du. Theehtateia stv&lied Into afarmot about 247 acs, with capital formhouse Preclse and ooteag, underIc at a very mdere mlrent,o I moat responbla tenant, for aus a ktm of dx laws; al-o a moat excellent modeteatred rdne.1d t 13 acres of laud in oapital order, and teads for the tmmedMe . z ence ot a reeVectable email family, delighthfuy litaete ovsltek% the German Oean: ao2 a =3m1ler rudldenue and 20 s Olek ielle u %,astur ad arable land. And various cotges n tlMe vlsa The vhole foams an exocllnt oppoi6tmty for investmeet a Ad 'p3esses lieastv.l delIghtulis ter the eection of o m satoe re dOace, uear tte railway riarions od l;osett, aid thse lieneeB Awv^y, nary in toneloo, wshirl, 'sien eooulPted. wDI rhor,tn t' e aitAsnse to loLdon. The rseghtrnurhood. 1s rorbialY~so d, asid'fe estate t5 escted au h o pttelrcada ritrhm, withaisllatye obtained o etsmde Fise l aa 8en, sohlts, iees: and t leesra Daiel Siteh eon, and Oaley. 10, Waterlool t flm'ndon, Newbbld -hall. tn the EsRdnge of Ycikae n;ESSRS. Df iUgL SMoT bl lt 'ON, Kan OAKLEY bars receiVedn icuftriO anrom the ?roprleton offer re S&lt', ~t the Anaction ;tm, neair tle Ilak '01 Er:gll6r To-morrow, 20th Augost, bunle s-oosly ipOrep tr by ObrAteT!reaa)l this meat tronaitarl PR OP EF'3FY. codsiat of Zt78 ameef eounr aabia an ceddowr lund. Tboue 2e 77 sores axe freehold, R;6 copyhold wit > i&eds de,said urspbe ndetredret a to eild,;s 4Stacre,am copybold sftb-e lOonors dS Bitcall awd Og5baItc*2k The nrlncis,rl LLc tolthe willagefiot Nelebe1d. togethe witeha dean milltn snevmaee. eags, -tQ ot thette. ethe lt no or rea whichbaran beyben oughly repd peed, and a d siso edtablre or a ofdug ebore. and St for stee ao 'oaa re'des e of a fatily o! dleinctlon. tlwruntame dT,he wl avondsro tw xad a.ard'oomad numeroeehd roomes. oodaeerec, lxd tea.tw Themre a bd tout 2£0 acr fl&st in hand, t ad tIetfeidae 'sletto oaetSe$esoeh .htenanhr, 9ulafns6ds'rs i from 100 toaf a and thO se boieth tr,: ea bthge' ,end an buiLdin eineat'are0 repair. The eatta lain a-high saate Ot Ittivetlon, and atovde pith marli and beig in teweilrt o wl oite redlyce tnde prod cad atatHl andSl Itl3 compa and ne an nusluall soudiuear eu, for t0er or other capitalute, 05 every tert of the propety wil prodoce argular incme. The e asoonld at, goe, andIrason et-gota keePers' housm.lraanals Ao. -Shooting, cog, ant feY ortieg rns ha here thoroui,fry gnIosne 'Th vicarSia ihre. amaoeut to -S 93. d. sand land-tax £3 9s i -which are beA paid bs the tenants The other oRet-emerbe axe criash, and will be apadLded a:ib t lmae o2 sale, lt leaitste four miles from Ihe h'arket CVeighton Sltlotn. five fromn the firug: Etaeloe n Ike tbo ull audSlhy Rky.yr raen from BavarIa7, 11 frees lItol, 23 tu Yore, and 30 fromA g }dsncare r, and Is to easy rch ol Dtiffleld, owledon, aiy ellt,yie6to about 12 milesofmlroseae . 5.. lt EtS- SroS:t not E old tn adwho,e lt will be dfridedlto Iot., anL sold ae Aull ONheThpuoa d Sepautu. Plansto th.e properta may ;ow be seen, nd sio ticulard bad, at the t ffces of M Se it. Xt ad 0.raitiSedon, folittdo:r Ytrh. or of uessrto Daniel timith, Son, ean (table,la arehiteAre n-sIdreyorst e0, Waterloopoa, eondor n who sarea famly. intute inivids uerlyeto dniaary.q"xsiutin popre-ndg, Wlmterd-%n. t capital Iareehold Maeion, adtaIse on the ro leroen Wiambedoito a In a-on, about two rmilea'fIoax taosacieay 3RESSEo . EIrry fiS aid SOl are directed to o3Ell,g a bs fktOOM, a o A TursdayISepi 26. ad secoadm n rs one offer he preriooslr unadeo. a capitai orusEEOLtD lfANSIb . coniaected atd t.Initedin the moat suPerior acmatr, io tbe lizabetha n geia.ofnarehllotured drovIdedarith every accoumodatIonrfax a*gentle. en,fa imIl. It tade perteolY dle'coced, in a wrm lfeu aer,and ommanding ie extenve and beautift nvvew, ad be srroouded b Y tlesurarom ansi r Ade, about an aucredy t approahe2 by ss-batdeome crrigie anive, and aomprises. on the sround uoor,o rem. tabulend aut incer hald elegant lotty drwino tsom ioth bay Bindow. ibrary asjinisg. a nobe diig rooex p th panerled ofilng ointecans room, a aretcerlocet. piri epal sod afecodary a tallqality 'O the tvo uppber a oors e ume ouo neao ruowlight ld-lot gbedA heamI and dreasig room, two wtr-osets, houstemaid4s 3Soac with dti und wandr. ID toeobasemuent A ery op oaeor dokeettr oflEoe or every decerirtion ucehncuea doblse carviser-hOaUd, th-'rufistedblye lotd t raend :s room; r&TabsTndaot anr$ly of spring andtisoft ainer and tbe draiagekis codplete. Toabedvieged by imdetsonly. irinteo partheyharw, may be hat lo da u prior to the sale vf MYea, Pearce, khllrps, Wikmoith, aid iearove, tolisitore.Greatampboees tbrougBad. ottette atenGare as, s c6 d ofh pre.t llt and Mec,anicalonpeersand TeBritish Spoon Casndle Clompiny's orks, Paidld-rod, Bow, Xid- ~I;rSSRS. E:LLIS and 5011 habve been favouired Jar with inrmstrusam by the Directors of the Brtloh Sperm Candgo abu 0tans o candlsper ek ttth mi ol tadt ehe aU OoFLu tSELLI by AUCTION, onTusa et2.a i,n a lot tepoaternce an diabl adapted of'Rlfer S thbuer aRnd oyPln eNd. Utenils,andl e,the thodil ofor Ibisonmofartan Underta kig, etablish at an ecp uet of arlt o dthe Ionspeoywas formed for the e isnufaeture of steam and oemoethe candle; a a rticebaa been poduced vf univalled quality and a vasuable asod erteuve connexion now esl* throhot the lng rom and the colonle. An opportunity Is the;s offered to eaoltali- moatet o rlts. The whole os the plantntd telein 'eo ieae working condition, and might be imediately pot into operation; tey have beenc ouuoted uponthe moat approved principles, embody. legall modemn seienttdo impmroemsots. The beatingp rocsas3,egih>. out the esanufacetrs *ad the chief par of the mchanical operationss are performned by closes. The presen4leplnt is equal to the working, Of about; 60 ton, of candle, per week, bat thLereesus woulde admimt of a considerable ertenalionof the mnsufacture b a small addition to the ,plant. The premies which axe within five minuntee' walk Of the Bow elation, anod occupy an sre of upwads of four acres, sare held byloeas xor about 5 years, at a ground root of 60 per annum, writh pwer to redeemn the esame, making the properly freehold. To ha viewed by tickets only.PrimeWd particuelars moadytbehd1dapir ISIwto the satea swapsa; adof eEesre EllDsand S;on, antlSoaeersand estat Sagent4 ValuTble ( reehold Propery, Drs-ne 1 . EaLLIS is directed to SELL by AUCTIOl in lSe peoti ere aemt byPiate Coetrat,) the FsbHolD BUte m SHO and ct BenteLLnt of anet tel to £40 pe a m ayCeI Yneialoadhezsna0dart, rIodIotestsnent. _dto t, JEsq.,3 7. s tr, I t.M - on an,, albrookV. al eese Ett,ml os IMI FS IuqSe lais directdto rnaSElt.ooL7 by ArUCTIN,al Thgadensfrontan I Fo. BAT n a will BE incLtL e, - . e_ DOtobner1achotaininorgbnine oms, bald 5 at megroundl mte, knwnartyme tohie l repcal eat n aiya hand,aoffering elIgible opportunItie, tox.-rchace for occupation or uo- we ier 8ELL, Pavuent GCraws, a t 1 MESSRS7 1 ye =7asxeayn gme.-,Wibok TIV d,ETXwl EL t(aews',o Ius Aoerraml-o ed teas,o h au f£6pranm atclr f and ti, edka : at t Thehent.Bplkaceh road, FL ,a Grawys,onTugs vAlUable ND, knw ste on, Blhat~ t II in held for neairl 0 aataepecrretanfrmheM*1 atviw Paticularsancodtnsosaemyb had a arasy';ad t4 tinrraractSal of smlt eilr o g lenuinedccasWn, ES . BROMLE snd ONwl ELb AR CION, i h ala ,Clmnrre,ct on Ia ofeserain lottgaedeo h rd swl sfrtecnelnoo privte byer, th WINS cmprie ve bdeennosy superirod crusted struct10 ioensepc-pl Sherry, IO3 , deonc Ienediayan Aieontrule9,87, ber2o nce eo varyt AanMroaMrkScOaeDbrte nine, Baemofver dipulr,kcsraee uctl i oeS~rbr'at ne, lee doze ScoetsJonothanbergs dortgemn fouvr lt's baFOeUR A sampOLeoth wiemy ea oXrDnCaPplcatlnto th arcituaemr andbd mbayra tastedat th. entime of sae. ataeue. had vivat the AuT. Mat a h pauctDe oaer;.ad ofte1cines7, Comcerlucrolal.IWe Ros. EDWBL.% U VI ?R A&WRAnaN nar rbos-suak EmSSDS BEME ndS~wLL L byAU:1 UtT 12, deo teat the r onfThuioday, by dreclnof te Eecuorsof h lain Thomas (Cml, In, Fq,, eceaed, t theMariouThmiayAui127, at 12 forY. esry-lane. ~ ~ ~ ~ an a gil Pictues ofraenelantAal d Furitre rmoed fromd reksitureet a spletndi Roeal Cosrty ofA-,4, Icdly 1JESR. EOBOOiKistructd toBEL wLl SELLtheN ,LU above nneb aU~nd Cown jthe Premises, Gorge-ynard, the Ssa s&ff-At6le,an cthoevnnl althe ofraleFMYIH! EsseVx, on-th aods Mdeof PSnfOl., dt.At namel Rhesiun adence, ao7boute In Acce be.,taxofUsn Areilfgta And PastureLand, siuate at Midloton, nos SudhOry -m sterdneo hm O Ibi osNtb re and Crow Hotr el, Sdhy ond ronday wthe is August, atms ain t4heevning alltha -tedtomorable ofilY RIffsle toihouses.ban co,hmrtp ckttts deihflad pituesu vilao kitcheLan, st a om S andhue' alemtra anris, gaiss,t laW of the elablln for fea ee.wt lof oe, hanS n crig of hebuldiga, e. w,lo, of excellent arbi aVTe-mst,,Ird1 premises axewl sple d PP wits Ooctwales. Ti 'nn otOnf the land,which doe o &masnotaAa-yhoe Seined ~ ~ ~~~~~od eob- BetweatI "tngto nd. LogbfL.8cp aaeol4 ftcpcsjry, 3t3tSRS.FOSTP. gorma the publa- the TWO I AEODHOMIM~,No.%2 WilliInm-strag3t. and No. Iti 3S-tgA1tVft XOtU2s!gbI%l Were ROT SOLD at the late Auo Ior, Ke',r1e,Fosetr have IntrucAtons to O~Matlym by Frivate Treats o, enaeuterm.-St, PaIllmall. o Prk. And b3armis, eorspising 1,143 aces, aMtv tithe t555,5Wnd land! tax redeemed, being a, RiivutesIal X3;ahek, with unrvit facifitleg and affording wihhlitte Ifalt rtheenjo$=utisotxoWLl e.T IV1 R.FOSTERL beg t-o inform tbm tiublio the &bov RiATZ am'NOTSOLD akt the late4nocmo, and can niow be treated tor.-Kt l'l-masll. - Woscesutoruhre, enh the tosders of e h-iaj, tt Of LKOtseres. marbittn O ~ AndWermter~5Ralway. t'A ESSRS. FCE!R'cr,i nomthe pubio the abJ sove. PRO Fa,TZ cwasteetlTtati 'was- SOLDJ 'at the o!L+ anioft.-i,llma 'riney bar asotoand ktchengalens, in allobDttt three I ames.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~ adgra eritv l I ~ ~ ~-OSTER e to) infrm the public they -LHeateorby,rsroaoew.l 'tr it,sL doushnal sil n ra etlras per-annum. ~ ~ ~ an ESSiRS. lT'DSTER b~e toinford the ubtiL thy AUCT. I~ON.attheMr onLeL byt . AUCo AxtIO at -&YXothe in-rix Ionta i, the follwin Inustbnt at 11OL a TTES situEtLin Tlcbotumean 5t10t and GreatoWrdmay ithintreetan doorsm of thelgea.teset thoouetghares andto bentalFtuatl" ato b80 ainew a Vae vlwtllPtd osaLondon irertics bad At tkedHoue aan: d W Shomte, Qlrdaos,estreei onro Tcbun and Great Wmdustz, cdrzflly-atreehoic, le o lae o i.FOhlSTE a'rien atir0 etr toin ELot by Lot&FreelgoR8ttht,eigh Grn xiiin, allateyI the coart, io of Godo t.at 12 DclOc. ingeshe wiot, the dfollii-ow m h h ig a eton lwt Dr.gKthe antl$o tpoer t"wn Xstret. opposieeodEt. the Haro la,one Hofrse preatet horoughfo.es TandbmesatzeItualt ons leoe busIn esra vusewetLn Lof Loeelond Hout .A reodue and Shop, o 5 ra themiu letrv onteoneaseo Alm Obueles fr'Rrlen at M10Der annium. Lot 6. A reehold House aind Shop.,h No, 2,e tacborneetet.lt oan dileas No. I C rs Wnd Exhibi-trontal, letei in leae toccu.Cation oBaGordn atncominge Fee1a.tghe Onithe rnL thedesein-hease, thewhoenowts let tnheire tow oeDr.Kh aot £10 per annut em. lot4 I Freeand E6tat e.thermrBtlac Horshe pubdc-otuset. Nor 1 8, Tlsbor -treetlet'e onlayse atew10, per nn u.LtS. Af MreehroldRuthurn sowd Sop, Nola 85s,4,Greutatptondilstrieit, leBnloomseuy tof Mrs. Staoreyl, fruie., aHet 0pr. annum 2LotS,I1 e Feehol ad HousMe& and no, the Otl-af0lLecnai e adnl o 1 Silreatnd s.llltctt!et. 1st on eastio Mr. the lxcftan-natud pr~uer ann d.eOnthewaning ofthee lesse,Wl" tHeotenants. a hI excet lt 4 hIc isfeel yers.Lot , 8 an 62 .bare de Itereuist Itet nd ofei roads. Fster 5i, fawoi-enall,g~Tdnz SaesSand bFncSYeR.- aredirection e of bytth Executrsadrueors underthe %twill Hofthe late WiLLam Hoof,. Fth. Mar theMron Tuesyte2day -Seoteinier 2, at 12. 'cELock.inHots, FOUR, gEIroTuds, S eoaclestory eono A. earaeaie ocboie, iritarl atd4 e cetnt * 'us inthe lmeosadiSate ethou(loodrlinr nofwe gethen sigo mrJeetOmuisoeal 0 2 oharesin the; aWest LondonRaila 3O.6paney, and PrXeight £0sae-i h en Droe bagbly. tea'etlsnlsthe l4drubaIototbKeesgls,the gardenso MR essrs.u Garnd and tbessue 13dajiig32fet i ,rsdne Mdeslrs. Foser 5*. Pal-malLnys SOnfoluatreomet t Pai.ndll.ast aosLof ranodntionf-mora-ai-ytofro-eeholdMnsion,awiThextensioivexGonds l Itthgon tebshtrod and infaceof.Keaingoctangarde mcn Vam ofithepi lat e Wllam 2oo1 aq ,torto Lb the CTION. at theMat-o Mart, m GTeidsnda,Thme#. sdiepteotse, athI MRfflk-see, aliica and enblll5s-nThe S mt dat eihbuhood-o h retbi ofel.lannd-schex foais-lashu of hi ait Noblemanotfl MroeTIOhyrmNerattve, thtroteet Kslagthof.gOrctober. 1a et 12'coc and tonte ierodaonng81fe.Asaridn, Madefl cothsdge maoraesmn nuuuacofr, and hnayon nodpalio frea ansyo ooidrabl omers. hedetby ng secl laent,th grands afort aplesrc f orot-or erando Pfattie fora swthelanboundaray l ay thooheae.a lhoands aneast:a do Msessr, poester84 alaL Vlateaux Panoa Wlderer,-heS foheru' F-tt.Feeod n ne ila& it e ofd kand-tiax nd"e Ttes the prtperDtyo a dobemafn. ~AenIniusE be OSTEe ao e Widirecte Ito SELL by A -aen LYuane, I tat the Mart Londrdoin,on Tey thle estatha ofOrobr at 13 oqulck t onaea dottmoedvt lots. eamay ,beldtermnd at thae- Sims.g theont. vAilas. park,s an ieSTmtEe woosnderprelcnsisting, ardae lonhtfnOldotiKaon.e wkimflthegros ofices,t mountaind abogl1andreew ftell, Geand GA-eo Langds,te wholespoandl entriched;t byhbe:oatis, bete,nd othetrtforet triees. Thote nerkr and Ulplahwalterroad ormsthbrebou windarymiues wl of the es ate, fo ch ralwandstarionby anchray.ascen, pasndDt-fingntua ofWnerraerpaeau. Inoohe an1idw wbnae emuatorS sttbesfr ofanleons orevllancs, hat ute creatOferiang cuid n h ifeWyo bgigldai foruildingimm~ntisoh indrerrerd. fIvt wdallordeniciuttot givpeprdeclowishadvertseen consdeatbetempta decrton the rho asurne rR,Itha prsdwt h fromk this seenOtcto this qment cormlakesdotted wsho facirfslts, beafltvedwy a.te im~rOan eenatirllas ndparkes, and unid-ererad n-woodsbyanfd plaptations, n Confaton Old an. Aso an allo(tmenhet oaounlthvaintnenglamnd)Don-- fell,G2a2reat Sabl, inlsdngalpes a tnd Fairmeald;tote epe I fe i hd rtil valett ot 2Boutegak and llpplt?wl d; t church, illage,andte, tdofo ofl givdermcrln the vIint rerecnted ndowruthed ane tes utya Obtainin ladeIgible forbuldngha mtc IeraseLIfdiidd ccrdngote isnz hicparedbebachlo wil dave aefonsIderable orotg tor th idr mer road, inoterserend witthepArk-lpk ibel frprtco n orancment,ecomanding the whnoni ofth bM uir iws n lib entirly Inepenent O andonintrferd wit.by djonn,portionst eu,on ;~ndPu maklobehadt30rdays.beornwe theral Tofmr. (adIo, Eq andlanIae.Knt, KNd at thone Aoflderarphroperpool anhurk Palatin tranhesofthera thne Mart wLondon; oy AUsers ONle, athewr Houset, Folsnter 4,Fi-m11ai, Lornd,on.Wdedy uui;6 n olwn day, atIdg-eolos,ka.ely thde. LBARYo geteancley eidenc1with (eotfcEs,qpeaur grounds,hgareaden s,oak-ie bptoiadad otesvandlucabd, sit.SSRS eviwd FOSTE caalges od(toinfr the poubtynice the ilL hae 110,1) te abov B ITA g by orIte on crste.. Pbally The LlOsxy or tilerfyan nclryauding the Its&o h MSSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN tratv o te SION, a uctioneersl ermek7,adworks cllunetdwthtefne aria, willBELL A ONatherHu, 1WellIngton-street, Strand, On Wednesday, Augst 2, and following dA.at, allpllukroeclsy, toe reIBRAg gonof a cermn LIncluding boks lrya~ eaW'ncluding telibr aaditao Inhe d traveller; thuwhofe teartui. May be viewedtw as ro, and catlgc hdhnthe countryhon (ecipt t crtr.orcptof two stamps). ESE .LEIGH SOTHEBY. and JOHN VIoLeK o IIe , ryand works conWell tn-stret, Strnd,Mont Fr4y ,a terHue 2. us ISth~bb'Augnet, and d iomin day, t 1 pelrly, te reaIningporetio the the LIBRARYof lIteatur. Ma bevaee two ays reor an ceatslcu adt Mafyin the conotry, onreceiptoftwao stams).dolrcep fto trp ~ESSRS S. LEIGH SOTEBY an FOJOHNUT WLLKINSoN, auctioneers andat woa caidonn-ete withafinearling willfSEL 'Wligonsre,Stad n A~3a1loxgiarieat teirHQas. it loing a atlpreclrey,aPoitjcg of th kno pen firowl, andierc rstei~ omtiseruapls6I ag mode andff oleooan imn thed roleo5r, c3tg flertandvuhareset May b vtdewedtw daysepeon, and cr5andtaouguesbadbonuecit CIO of two. lhimps meapdtloiw bay,sxnieso beedas nauh~ouse, eadwtI Orchard anid giden. andnumrous Rb eot, JIIvL*be viewd on ahreft rnrecef& ad moniting thefarm, taogueBLLybyhAdCYtIOheon te rmIses, ond chIcens pe foia nd eefes'6-Iishwee n othu ere tle poughT4aharos,anIonlad ole, Cdem cs and pSON bavebee, n Ic rtadlee, heep andcow ithbsandtrough,about 00 lads ofD excellent meadw hy, s hvesof bta ndhouse fOrthPuit in orhard tandlre, ba andonmror efecs,Maynextview e ieedoThrda1fysprecdintan morning f ale, CPaztaclgus as may bhaatthenEse bad ms,h Whiteod AbercomnArms. Stanmuro- Chandos arms, Edwr 1igs ed Harrow: Whied Hors, Subaa- Kdge:Crwn Aim ~ Ia Gere Cfeaoam SWealan,dRokerkWer orthi ing's Am,Brrapta Farleetsrg,eCt;eraud HaKmark. et, London n fMSr.Sdwc aendtsonand andstime ac survoieylorsan ataeaet,Wodlefde naWaor,ensanattheir farms at Runton-brldge, and ore Mlddlesex-ValS. e rehl end CoyOldMedw nd wit donUwThION.cdllonte aesslon2 gbuyg CO-mar Aow, LAng. N,mao12bydlyesiohyoftuthe.i Excthe arisheslaof the salea(udy xetd)b pligt the tenant,URIT oof whnom erI Flusashy-circus,-Safe lnvestment in the city,pouiga la 6 17Wi rer annum for 32 yea. M~IESSRS. NEWTON and GILLAST VWil SELL by3 AU(PTIN, at the Mart,T-rrwAust2,a1,a ep!aRESmEDNCE No. 43, Finshr-irmy ,adRSjN~ l ME.sS.In Albion-place Londoni-wall; le on laet ennso h highest respnabllity, at ?he laiw rent of 17peanmanhldfo H2 years at M M annum, May beviwdbpemsinoth tenants. Parnti oI may he had at the Mat fMses ikt n Son golicitors 0103k-lane;- and atMes.NwoanGrln' offices, 14, Caahapur-ctereet. North Wales--Oarunarcusbw_-By Mr. ORfSO,attsCsl HOtelsinthe Ow f ConLway, in the county ofCanso.o e, day and Wodneeday, September 15 and 16, (unlessdipseonoc lot in the meantime, of whbich due notios wfi be given)i f os TiM E valntmblo and extensive Frehold rety ,L known a thre Macnan Mitae; comrsnthmarorldhp of TMaenan, and nxureroswl raelrs ae n Od,en tahinlg In the whole aot 0 ce,wt ih fdhn nh Ie Conway. situate inthpaihoEgwsa.intecuy Can. vros. This fine estateistaetomlsfotLsra.adnn muistromConway.; ,~adai tto nteCotrn [Holybesad Railway, min amost plctorsae nehorod,smain In sutrgf and onL the other side of the Wve(he ee In,ctpom Garrdg anud Forthi Llwyd Fells, being 1mmeditec p ttsome of the me marniW-t scenery with 'which this paharmoih abud h avouite bathing resort, Llndde,i about 10 mIles distant; whie Conway, with its noble caatle, the Snowdon rAnge of meunniaino Gwyuilr Woads and (mete, Bettwy.Cowe,the faaed g,.j low WaUTes,l an ealmother objects Of ltmeion and beauty gre 11strwat t6 log intmed ~~the estate iron (lf t ihagene,gw.ff,adCnaesoily-- bering eeikt,wta vied toxshne urvlen its gran4eur,there beaidng - exelnt site so bnac fmtrasfor thLe erection of a maseoidonau inon pon o oito, m extetandIaorsnee ie~clondto noeia h ae T h prsa the Woods, lkand Arie b2onw,yL a bt aepemaso-ejyent. The fore-bullMings asssnetl Inatordrgataeafraesl nd hearmnsawe occpied by resectbl teans fom ea toyer, hetimbeg and ohee trees and ~~lu ilbosod it th etae,Th slewill commenc eac day brot, lnd vlue, llse. i,fSt. Aa I Mt St. A en- a 50ii5-graud. Xsofoe.6tv ZT etdiwood sald Isoe 1iooba N-q Olarenoe Carrlamd, Sad other 060%t by cadet of t. xt0jp&jol a lady deemued. I]ESSRS. RUSH WORTHand JARVY4S_iIl SErj bvJAYAUOT1ON onL thu ammtisc, 103, W*i1lmtmaft ace n: Weceaiy, ukut 9and followlog dsy, Al~ 'handsome FURftI. TUBE. lncludir1 wtll taid ralsOgaa ansld birch dalaldu lourppert Sand ircon bedriteds, wInged olsoetse, fbeet Of dnwe&WsaaIsotadlr wilth a,rb!e toisMtoitkt atadglaaae.csand at-m Yeabt reYnetalbtola a drawing rodomsuite las or(ewood with cartfialn of ri;h crimsOn d-urvkd eLk, k £osnerooe,wsod bnd isque V ertra, wtitting aud oxaftuns tables c.1thnete, sabble consof~le : Se nd g Oase, huge cbi*efse 9lseks, a 15usl-i-gaad pianoforte by Broad. wwod<c,n Bolas, ttxc chandeliers. and lIstrira Brussels earpts, to In the d'nalsa twm an 'llbrasy, two pair ef crimson mzemio damsask curtaina, v. itt of sa%b,;,y dlinng tables, 1k chAir a- di IndulgeuA ;fUtt with lOaathot Seatts a pedesaL aSdeboard, dinner waggro. 4Kokcmwe.*riAing caUbie and tables, portfolio Stand. wseseun, to.. nuahog -my aud. oal taal tttings, brucket clOCX h4lt lanbern, So0oreleth, Wesosels tslam csregtlug and & vailety of resuilaiteig to the domaefio 0121mB. servioea 0f china and, glass, a select CI&ssisul mLd general ilhrary of ikbots OM0 voluweg, aboust,18 dozen, o f Se old, restt acdd6t0t wirEs. A rl.,reuce carriage, hrsn-esa and mialsoellaneusu asefua tea'sct Mmr be liewed the 4lay pieceding the saleiiand OAtaioteahd~ceta iemu4ee and at tbb ome of Mua rswor h3 and-Jarvlr Savile tow, Rsgent-streei, anid 19, 0,hangowiley, CornAllj. The winos sna be istefta at the siusiet of le. GeOar tte Prince et Walrse.posd atiiatlal for small calw.tawits .iiESSRS.' RUSaWORfii mad JA3b fs will SscLt by AUOTIOV. at the Mart. on Fuiday, August 28, la separseto lots,I tWO genleel WELLING-HOUdPS situate 1\ as. 4 and ; DzrantordISO, Ss above. each btld direct frolis the freeholder for anamnerp.e term o'f 83 searafrorp r;zlX3ma~ last, at a grand rent of £t.5-XC Zo4 lbat ireieut let to Ur. Willam Gdmas5t atyeirl.y reat of £20, ndNeo. 8toXFAiII etts tX£22per amaum. Tobae vieed by W=1nas11 of the tenanta sand artcuter had at the place of asle * of antIWhestey, solicitors, 22 SOuthstlapnu-buildbigi. Chcmcery-lae; sand o esrs uehworthl and JT jylr Regent-btreet, and 19, Obaugeeshley. Combtill. .i15 W. amounting to~~~~~)2hiheec mlana tre. * ~SSR. RSHWORTH and JARVIS*MSELL LEN by UCTION t the Bautt, on Friday, Aulluxt 28; ai 1.in one lot Ifr,2.34 auSon the east fide of the Triangle. nearteKmigton-roe, I pat o th bigh road. Each house.,with a, good sized ahoplaocupio b a arlytennt,and hasa been buIlt withini the last few ear. Te etat Ishel Inone lease for a tormo of about 50yaam, at a grund sett, pretneing t the s Pllcptsalt an IsaDrovinc c-no- leadng horuurfar. May he viawed by,ermilaon. petn gethd tteMar ait the Horns, Keanimgo;oB .Loe,Eqslrtr20, Grat Mriborougi-tret 19, Change-alley,e (SirehilL1- hos,Oatbuildlrga. andaCoto adjonn let to neopectable tenants and ptodnulng a, sental ot i'0 IO,pr ~nm I4SSS. R-USEUWORTHL and JARVIS are Li.directed be the Administrator of the late James Maloo. Esq., to kiSF L by AUCDTION, at the Auction Mart, London, opposite the Blenx of Enelaud, ont Friday. Augzust 28 at 11, in one lot, a capital usaui,FREHtOLD BRESlDEN0EK with large gaerden greenbouseand outbuildings. sittuate 35 Chuenhgate-Asters, in the town of Bony ot. EBimund's, Suffolk, let to Mr. Desiton, a highly respsetasb'e Whstly totetur, 2, Bula ofpthelatedos Chancery-lane; tod from Lao-day I USWa THaE.JA VIreendi BaiILLyAOf ON atth.Aucbo tathOpstete eako tengand, andD ontiul: Fria. Augutthe at 1.I n o,aFEI -letath y saituat be ateCAbbfotdano the rad oSwreefo Chapeonbllend,conainno i ed roao;r thaentd a ofrn, an,dap Jroom, haitohetrduwtivegtatrdeet, pOamd run.nrrch19ow f`abmnyard, ooscmli.ote stal. DIeo.hcuaeehondotebidn h hl acnitainn nearalyllsevenacres let hon letase t r oe o 1ve fon-m Ladyday 18o5,atg a rentr luofm4kpra n nte ofcnu- taenn, Laddon paiuors thad Bathenus at Cbindfrd an I oro amttl2'lok,huiinder -Cancorery-lanhe; and Cofuers. o uaf o an JaUr Sir W-lliamow Regent-sred, antad12Cange]i-alRley. Onau aN capital waniy tbloesdee an hoA s situate Nob. 48al-al,nletr pireate daundmprod 1cltg at clea ncense o £210y pert oannum.ia RUSHWORTH ~and J RVS il ElgatSoeLL by AUtOre atth andio Mart, B olmw lexasr otnden oPpaosirteth Bank of wanut-tandM,o Frikda, Augusta 28 ate1 Bcoons, uner and orde, of thentigh ComurtnoesCanced umadeIn cEeflr irlliem Par Wod uetB ilFBEODDEL lb G-KU SE,wih ai1ss ho, ituAte Vo. IS, awill, nEar pie t byidsumme, iN , at ther clar yearly svlentrofw1, andTuesaye BethetaOcrsptionnoftr boeigph aermteyntepoi, tal,deeedThe prmhises maybe viewT wTh f pr ntemsmen ofte tenact, and printedp% portionsl ham atshedb Mawrt;o Weoeius. ake and Son sompisltors, 48,w g room'. *Isuiterlds ofe Mr.nut t.fenacyerd uon, ;x soictor,echt S elvemtu hndset ceontreusnd-oqnaseo:a tCables, Airdwansedt ann pier cbnsile.t2e, oa menteed-aunde gftpoertebesy ceandofmessrs.tt needlwork an Jac curveorsatinal auctioneers, chaire-ov,leged nt-tircfouan 19,o Ch.-ane leant vemotdern Framitere.Chimeyrand PiueryGlasspe,Frenchae Coird Draesde and m Sdemree Fs lelalo,bandsome Chandelir,tat6s-octhvee wei-Cott,age Panfot inl walutreca,POte,Pinsa fhuew Bot, modecan G Ti. onmnctaluMtselanid anduut uros ~1ESSB~. RUlifi WOR& estrd JandrViSo windowSELL tan,aUan IOl , aol-tino lthreigra,nt ubgona pavierow gen- huesday, Powenuliedutr by byss Hobdkitsrn and C. omhrprising apedrawngsroo sutef carved wialut tree, cat Ueresdn tabee pIrclSte ceapet, hanedsomead centr maoandyocandironalabes,Einladewinged andob wtpier eabinet,orna me'entedetnd and glpirtshlesfdrwr rihnstl o, cheval scanihnedeokmunts explen sivematperalsdagdnes t ath severl cimny am-mndi ptqiter as totn framestloff m4erndacothg,runcoles adoee totalnteafor,bthewdted winowe Fre nch catlokes, eumne ornamenotiosanf lHetre, smsEnwlrt chandeie, Smoderowt eu ams,Turkeyt andi Br Cussleals e,oDn Aoo well-f~loure Rr eolInclome a,e boor& of mahogany M ESSUB.'WARLTERSala Lplae-gasshac ofcrved wOUtBteecugls anddtbleporelane caitl edtead soreveralwaier ftan thehsso rweswt abetos hrlai domeetic offie n ohruelutm. May beviwdteajpecvingtew sle add tao shda teofcso Mesr.haWrorth an A.ss valasle-Raw. y Iangend-tt anteS, Ctehange-alley, obil Oandeally. Ags on , anty1, Au" ilEEHOL1 , a ESbEtfor21ymj - sathea renero 85007per and BAIth EReao'so thet'. P. Faringou-thoesthe sulheod e of t he TEEntanc toN the markEL,aor than t0 yeasts of the cecpatlonof,fraEmost ,ativ anotentof whitb per danuismprvig,aynh oiered b nastermision testraeedennt, e,5atlu llssfaofesrs. WbentmoW reande.ona,tOlcultomar b a d4 oinO n'stn-eld;a Grem sawa'a andh Gs hofuth acIonee rs,cl5a Canc ftery- olane, 6t5 hawyle A vluble Halualwaen andebotld CEtterhaus ordrey, th R.kTLsSi. naructed to SELL, ihutrbre,a yaraa' A CTo .:eos, Ohantge- %acly.en onledaa, A Cseimsfortd1, LEnS f rcay th21 years,ab rewnt of I £1 he p er trumm, wiS tsorwns of ther a,wll-aowahnuos, ctallied theac0 Tue6%Ag and g HOTEL;ar ate DtheO teakilngo thead comand of,wer azms Tlucativ te boaies hch anIoes daply frovn, aind offrs met hsity dsirblereidencre, a enlolues r hihl heoaens. hound nn, Coydon and f theawctIOers85 Chansesy- prlans,gnx Buliusicy, Esse.-Valuahe 1FreehldEtate.-By Orerloyof th ~~-"R. BOMX ESzc-lne ' inbutd to SELL by -AUCTIO2q, Vat thegaNoew Fs Haera.dGtavChelnsod on Tuesday, ethembtert., At 3, in fourblot,te cAApE ofital ancYetbugM9 ,fOT .kona e Crw n,i h ent, oslt or tewif llmrectownrck oftllrcotage, with ct-acel, dtablig from h-houes,and geardents,gand teaotioandolfoinkin theadatolnag'bodera drel ant.; th Coach andl Grme, tamI fros ting inj Chamber. Pat h rwn ilso herpry atsl a b = maadtee. fHty be ha - of him- sildtr ofHy llaerreny; , ofl8 PTu-irer,q solicitor 4? einc w in the cl;pa thplace of sal a 'and k thicn=ieeerps"t'ce, Comany Ahehutrcli-lae, an an MLesoeold thoue Sc kI Tr~ae~deBildinge LeandeGa of Sx Qurrocm~ -90-ES hadlbetendntructed. by UeoTiO&, i LiqutheatorFalcoin tav yte C.ourtvn on hTueday teotwlnd c 1 t3,adov mirableto EdTLE byn anOeION.bat Goprtuawtyl Cffehortinvestmont,don.itig of four newly-ereo, ted12i, uith sbottae vand abehape anlanaTrrTe-n arehal o-and, adaepted fora buidbing witrh' stpo-e duringfroe plasetablr yearsinthenmanta £pla yeand isdoljas at amcet rst6e-ralougdrnt. Mr p osnes:tiey Gonain wIoll showta pro-M dltory, 2l=le 'sandOttreAplabopas ofS ldtndtenie a emo' Abburlob-tane(,hLmar~dgstreet.a afath e fe ctioTes'as oldeylles,, oftebarenrne,orlwtiox,.eniptnt elolMng LOease oldiEostate ed as aa Ground wihthveit , csItta cof sit large g ManmuftryWork-shopes, an Premises,n boundedhby the opsar w fll,king the eruationokf erentoaa aoeand BPelranremarble.tconsostingn als h auble tq hi yPloe,ant and Machoinery he Sopkorinthrade, rand the Lassso T i Qaris Rf emarig n beS badambe amostdsrmabldbyte Oflioalro ofLtJd..Liuidator apoitdbyteCur fChney V st wind-nptbe PERTY.The pemilses are rtbenirs,xhaentaso ditwtd tn fairomb, paonsseasndgtemor's chops, olishing,engn aondstoreto offbulxwl gand, havigeaformayoutaeOf abotn 6fe.TemcieyI ofnth blesatn.day eristee nn atte acleti wodrking condiloe-a 'Planh sold wih the lase; I consiss of t oelsigh pre oour sTeam Law~e,U laturanindathesk ax ensie swing01 frlates,on.theMr purchlaser -ofthe Prlease an plan DIXCharema the oto o taking o thlez&clnokti cs d e,tc aloeandr S4, lichnstmrblet,cosistin hwaeo.0 Hofhmneyplace,at E.- inotth ad Ty or eihe Gat afai vautin1s A-to.Wany arty demiron taom, Seiroet-OAge'ery advantge, FrOf modrncoaiunto Ofer m unusractadvnae o ayohrmauatrn upe a polen,an stok ayh viUewe noomp plcetlc tsog Mo nbrawsdh on. th preiter; parDlcuxOlIm maybe bdthere; ofs Mdessrs. Cltstinasd4ge,to menslcwardro8,beghatse, m ntvsk o er vydl,s. Thme Aope Arms, Oxford-itreet, me lgbystaea h oeo Dukesiret, ladin to kanchsster.square, ad t-gt~r posItion for, rominanding an extepsive business. MR. LOUNlD'114S receivedl ine4ractlonz frojn the .LY Porietwr, who in retiring, to snEL.byACON atGra wet nMnday, AugustA3,the valuable: LASE,for 60yeas with e,Of thorn very deairable and sobetautiallyerfce"Ay. V known a,theHoPe Arms, Oxford-street,ooccupyinganj Imor lsntpwloai.o in the main thorcn5i laro of the Vestemn pAt of t"he meotropolIs. 2,hgl epcal n nlpiej~s overtm oner 0OP at triling erpenae.presentinga fay * t 0bQ15Dte& for the Investmnent of a. moderate caPItal with' ae1taInty,iD _t together with tlo advatage of a cheesfta an helh resden e. -Ma be vlewed and particular obtaned onL the premises; at Gam~rwaygj; and of. the auctIoneer. 60. Chancery-lans, -The BritUis ugar efloing Company, Baener' PAtet,M il-te Dcckhead, Bermomlsey.-Bal odrmfs,Plr,en ahiey ornLbAll, on Wedagalay. August, 26, -at1,alhernw-cces PtE&ISIcs, aittato in mill-street, Dokeo ero)ay a sugar refinng warehouse, dwelling-lnsadofce,hl o fornanunexpireadterm oft vearishomnUrsmsdy1y,e1dy together With al the macbline, plant,anutni hei,cpbl of- refining 65 to 70 ouA of sugar pe ek pnhpicpso e -finuing- aecarrddeo the Company urder the seesptib-rneito H. Essemmr, lq5 toget8ke~rwithbthe right ofusing tesaid patn n - atent michinec~rgleealtr.hy lnath evenit ofthe above o big cold in one lot;Paz the Janme tfic*CPd place, will be offered, o , en rising tIem Leone et the be!qcye-bentfoned Psomisegowith Thefolwg xedmacbsneay. whichi Inearly paw-, yist, a 30-herse -horto4aw gb precure steamD eniebf alwa,tuaptn ank-neio ~ydabauGesse,.~odfn Fnter,-~actaa Ott..e pjlaoforbs Effcts cbin~0 ounes, l.no hn,Glass, Apoks, *ax, 1JEl~T SON winl BELL by AUCTION,5 on ~~ 9550W,the Qf, aIde of the &Tasneeor Jaw'e~walk, mah 021!ou-"o~i ArattAn, and catech bedstees, mhteeees,theebedsan~bedding. cheats of-aiewp. beok an tatreandglss,marble-top wpa tends And ftW~ ~ eAbrwsdrpan, dreaig oae bandsornidr&w. en, ad, sofa,cssoo and eoseional tables, mantelanotelok *lean oraet. xoble-tir chimney.c1a?A-Sue~rp-lnn~o 0u-e cnsstn of easy and other chat.its -i shea tcuh bookcse, biebasti ainng tb:es leners,fire-Irn,crzle n VtlOnre, , ngel-courtel Throgbotough~~t ci baNtohe Nrth- Midland Ilne, between the Sheffield and Bohtertes Stationa on Monday, the 31,5 day of August, At 3- o',lsk in tho after. non, in lots, exceedIn1gly valuable and Impottant. FPjerHOLD MN'ERt, IPBOI?~EQUT advantageougjy situate, in the pez1aU o Bosbereaam, eose to helwns of Sheffiels and Rotherhamw, and bavingaeurfacmemeauremen3tof npwerda of 209 ce,an et priana fie %aluable roae of coal, and rich'reins of Ironson-cOP`o Imuotan pheeoldTe'tates, land-tax redeemed And tithe-free, situat In ta parlliss of Rotherba'n and Tcckhil comPrbiIng the Cloogh-hal FsaUte. Inclnding the umanion, outbauldingx, pleasure grounds, gar- building ground, adjoininytbe town of Hatberhans, duitjiln a few~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~j7rlog ere V FXamToX ndo SONl nearl 2SacEsL oat theagric rtu o Thr Iy Gescpteivetran7, set1.ions,w lots, may behaoigoagriae Hughr.,I-io Faq, solicioer, 3 Grran ubstreet,a Londn,k-ba anMi of tae,nwtoa alntd Son. gstoodu awnd eata agnts foet, bengelNo. urt, th- tupeiorOsae esideTOO, ne bandau; Gared.en, tratnoe-hai and xarepect- able DwelliMng-hone, Old Kent-road, cntaid orlng foerm cambersw trou itnd rents loandtix redeemesgad. n n omr.Myb adJ~O art the~ win ilSE ,atte ar; v .Thursody, Swe Tilembrd. at12On twlte, Om the&D folloingt eligile tage, wit lamoftbedRoct oodrs gde, sAu toelcourt, berngraor.nstrest. gate TOttgs East Didih, WMkhi-s adapte b ar AUThe eseat ofha familyeof the Beepcank.ity, cont-ainin foumbr 17cy At 12for, threeo lotttnom, a lmot handsomlel fitEtteLd RenIranc-a andaspterifor dofmesic o 'le.Lt 2.Abricy,k-ohullXt Haute, o.2 ses mtherslouthea he O Gre MA= toeajdke witi hont-md.icstainieo ng tol-at hme.i, tw iteugle ibx Itosr ow mestdc faced wartedat nd frcoudrbte Misaynbe froewthe tomd onith teg driteandayauprjoro bynde.Pintedro prooclva,abeak at thear bltlngarnd vectkbam-r1seet Greng esang told Xmentred theesare. iingraones, andoFreemnyan,dlctwors B!. Old b awbry;and o theauctIonr,, doengeofort, Thmpogpersntymwllst, lased. six nie r,en, he city,e Tnfas he Erbari6lawaystaio at Fiplenow, anduone and lai u ,ihalf f tomBarIn -t.ereeh, flamily w anithco, tVtO The Mrs dnemiartheonk. an n ahbundaneteme suppl at 12pore sIt, In Ot,wo lter. Tmeeut-dsrbule itgSEaIolD REI rNE aptbed foras aw famIle borespedotbtlety kcowncas East Hwoaem Bass,y ponthey aont adofthewh Berkf-oa d,cra witheopineansotdistkanceofthe toaii-ate -acoand the ofd ishteable dacl-ivg antfrentrance by73 folding Iron gate; iabrik bultslatd rof, nd eectd a but0 ers,kt at otagea rOos. rekfat arlus.batan vetiuletfee lns , behadiog aess con esacsy ad sroey mrrris,a ofndcendabrydg Statircne, foure best chabes,tboedrssngrooad two Htgsecondary andm tLondo,ands chamere,and apeInoredomesi Loffes.Terrstlwhe grouds re aidoutwit tmineataoftheinpazrteses,tanted oft choke,d agnifient, an race t tweokutchen garten, nearthehrvauk frolt antioitate. Teeutbnccgaa-~ber 1f7 at hin fcr- thre i oree,3s. sowhose, lge~, arenw ' o lttag e, rs andt adk cateompriing I thewhlefor crs.Onth opoit ranti northeaieofthve ra viesa .aore and hotAi t of s eablebland, haing fontzgedoro710 feetonthe, wigh ra d,uble adraind form,building purpobsesft, adabicbultg room itag residNce6, with gbrdenkfaay belor viewet dakysapriaor beatt the aeb it)carrds onl.which,it patommnltawitandxplans. ay b&hd of Ms=nrs. lhambrs anpaneda atLst brehad ofs Chare Goeorme BMeanuastex,pleq. soIitorev13, oohn-steuet Bcedfr-r atdzir the Cocn Ebxast supplyo Gproing water. Pxalatoe;A gel,ablfrd lngthouHea, Srtod and atmynouw lthe AuctiondMart,v dce ades meya houes Hastrg dons.uTe Vin Halls Esater onfili ea-Hrr ogreen, Ass within. of thilestofate hseblg tto,trefo Battlgo, nzinebyeathe.razd toHasins ad4fr Lno,and valuablela,rsh Obtand,o TinPereute, Lvel b stkuithienstfrom heessrighce fthe osep, t saeo nTle Sih, to s obmtfrSAe, a8 ther aiutinm ar,ne heBn,n don,o Thulcegrsay, hoph Septebe r.d 187 t 2fr1,I ouhos Lttot I. vtIIIBHAL Testain a me( ilh reieee ih suiabee houtuld it bgas, retdwithi thm e las e 20- yeears,a xedn £s,te;uit ire seted ohonundemandne cmandin exeniv vew opetta.pLctu2Tree-FueLounrydI brick-buits andtstued atJh'-rwit 4in roof and potcMoentranc, veithbule, stwo andcoreior maowmmund porng withla doublec dremsingproom,opeing dt3. b 13 ee ftr, inin Mroom itId byint Nvnan breakfasnth panln, oisheodOO) LoakC5 saicmt ic ledig oahe chamber, and thre darisesrafPex rood Thve domTestiies area arepleUte Vwoithstr ofrtesle mande thw o ere sean abndan luppl of springam water beviellent trnebypingrcoach-house, ahnd efery necessarytout buq. oiding, b mos eautflsrubr n lftawns,laid oat I Battle;rr diwer a.. proubtvsomkitce gardenst, grpeyonngee douse,;and a athoues,fou doublehay baGrns,ocart abrde sahlex ad waeTonloidges.wA porti-dOnwof Theusttbge ba vaeuable Cbluek limx-est coand hrgoaodriconeareth, and tereaetobic. n shd.atin 3 Cortit,Bages o eeet,icuigteBl ulchue pr .OTO.oducte £ Frer anum togehrwt bu S-c I eneqftegwrass,toparale.avnd twodlnthwoeinaig hold, it aeundswJiuth ei fevr ecitio n, theinsame hvngeen areulalycapretser ted:oforoAdbe and batrWrset ihnacn vexpenfdeytrnimtaco. adgevrlt troutsrol udltetruhtepo fentlydistoinctudroma'ho peeig,o Lo .1 ce frc aiad in neetenoeydLevels, I he paglaho tne, o! ma 7l wacrsh o ihas Land irmn the picisresof Plred-il atiervi ne Thviese oaaewti ceapmiWbles ofbte maket to n re Pe teney,andfvofHlhan Ma eviewed ten Fia OStudays rirto teslen, we ful ecitiePrio %a, ihplans, mayble hade heredence to e le or sold.g Ee. orlcitor, e H astns e Str. JoMa-wni oliiod- ,Battale; - illi WhtNor,EQ ,o caIasge,Bsnal-tet ess seg andfSm sotliss8. Oi Angel-co iurt (byogeeotoo.iat,Lnon n brIdge-wells- . Roet Crown,th Tobidge; Geaorge, o ThrsanyroAuigust He.ad , Hawki theeseu Swalln,astigs and oIrthe actoneers,7ngelixa. court.M wt Thimrton-sewoetondon.etysl raescps.lo ad occasionlate-leganshi nearly nsew m61odtem aofrteb ni dp,i sequenceinfgtheomreytendhgdbloavigtaon.eHS~ MdAY, Augustad 24at 1a2 snouite ainc arvdrm walu-ree,rcbiet furpao bytOirmoany andiGothnew Brussedl snoacapet,sitabeddingambersatincurtaindsto thdree windowasas fxenllseouxtrsnmei ghielt coante, wrvicsofebis,and large mirrors;caxdlentwmpellmae dining-reamturnd be comprijes ingetcendn deuiesAnin tableros,shaulef,sdbar,Treyt carpyevedtsdanrusTh eBedi b,h viewe on Frdyane. ura reeig and cataloguLes had upn thepr= :1a``-= tioemlTes and ofS,ttsee%W%tsr1Dnnpck andGlwrh,2,Rgn-tet beresidentobe. ihlet or esold. ltats n VoA.fBoos,Oi Pinings Pianetdo(b StodLnby ACin aNdias, a e dozenhfrt WanWesdchesday,ClArut.an affet 1 vl. le sabCb knontePr-iessaovewn ThL ourlsy,3 9ugus 27 ti,galtdten andPleasuwell-madePIIIrlRcopingdatogutroam siei ofusescod.h tapetr AdoninBuge crpThe labo,vedesirdl rocay sionaldtables chinc-lses 61to od ctoarepanoforeb St, ohn's,ineg bmahsoganycae ; routes2s0d ommde, ndum stwOraena thjeqs-i exthdiing l maromextendigwdoubngtales,spbe otalslteea on libalteriny chairsnand cfy euview eretaery,ssionkate o The bed rnm b ardes wiach wayud ae lbaindy'sfnrom te waurdone-r Farour-post ahoan etndiRochef ama fro esslrs.Coilurtengeyaou lIld vrore lsof bors, 211 irenof lanecelarneosa ieysqlchief lrt sevcsoWhn.ndctgas nld logcohmplretebodinner.itia andbrafs sudDets, itehouen euii, s aumeronsuel aeffectrs. abeft vin e wgedthedype andT2.soentioners, 2B.Rget-stree, Wat.Curerlopacc, and the aeuc-oan Reat at Hotter,.Cattaiet M irR. ARBiR is inftucted b heTto E LsteAsUCtrid neat, th.e Matr1,on lubednsdy,AuOt26 at I.EW vlub LEAND E.ou tatabln gardsenplasures erommds knwnias St. ?he'-p I -e hart frE eka , dthe Mstrundchola CmtrsyofaSs ohn's0legeb the Onteltry-roda wll douhs-tw he afdobtaindon ltierable opm whtuich il aford extelAudifor ost e otnsiv.n lucatiebidsoe rat,ions. a otywheriewhotiy emisof n of h aiby ,h ma e obtained roth abuctioee. ' aalcjr anohniioso salte from eter-rea, aotee Pand oroos sbiIrr,i6ck ~la at threMart also from Mr.ne atbr at. hi utineocslh( street,um Rerkdlle-sforrare, Wb Peckhtor-,reebcid Building Lanttd adDeln-oss mlre heuold ,-and i%seodG7Prgdoprty inreGog'-ra n fw ark knent at Holic^low at. ansOhmc-erc,Waeiora steet, w oethwserkj fmootewundan of cae. my ha insth ructeds b thR rsesiue orni Hnery. oserenacre s, ligilystua t,adoinn h NwOir Mfew,L. neekta, Peand Bther,ne &ocemtr,admo$db 014 ;t th AacloqbuilAdingopfrtin,have fA n'e f13 feet~ialocalty whreyhouseswfa oeryWate-sine are respear dispose we* lso a Pair of Wemideear,e brik-bil Frehld MI%a f h La~eaofe;35for 1nu ye4ch, oa sheortdisanctPefrmbesire above iAtevCmeery-road-iecea P lair o ranckdbuivt uarteramed Oein g-ousper, [InASkarcit,ss two oussa. pumps 'all1ew.torn, Stumh`sk held ea.tke,10arelsn, daknds.tko he hoetem aa t 1pean4ma Psto-os reehold variousngeffects inye bear-te aLs,ehl T!owfTwBreebinnfIold and Inh.erbitafnce of and in t'he Mlanor sir.:-'-rewlnle ad thfollowing very derbedta 'a.:-rewInIoa adi B%vn=n . jLndtroder; Tregmr, Keoie Pn hale, oarewter, MInu'3a d 0mnirs&inLgdock1 tho,soy calTe nements, omprising the villag 60e f Trev=nn alia TrIpa In St. - hrme; (Ihyoor -In roc; te wo!e outanigabout 59oacere n on thfe tollowlclgAa at 0Ollver aHoteL Bodin at the hour of1t indth Afternoon,.Lavedd;6, Lsieeddoo. mills, and Jorey' Teuesroet, con. Seining together booat 10 cres convenIently ituate withi h f mio,xnthe o4ju~atiens of IW Msrbat,5j IblO &W wi Thonw. Tgethe th-the redeemed land-tax. I Te S 4-a Te tietuats-wlll show the - remises Printed tsAmtcl~,wt Jea, wit beredvooas rar to tesl,admyh edo appliestion to Jim WIllI5aoTreyeven, soliltr ,ho-tetSrn London.; M l,essr Grylis Hlil,ad Hil,slctr,Heso,qrwl SomosetelreA JImSAME 'NORTON, at Reeve'e' Hotel Waaoa-upo-Mae,-on Tnecp th September, 18597 at di to t - afenmrao,nb?tt toondtia t Woe prouced (by ordir of the ofth a ' e. h Thomas Fisher, of ~.Aoses,at3yblogigtotheRev.JohnThomsFhe,dcasi- andltuteitheparshof Churchll in theontofom e oth -man. urpik rad oain rom BewtE -~frm Wlngtnj ourmiles froonthe YawtnStio,Ovdo u. Most,arid boutinue ns frornthe sueCLh*feut, nlalta WAinB.sof Weanst= rmare.~rao n h hl vf blan, nur vrel-arrngoderlin-e, known. asLngrdHuesiat aano'ain,X suruddby Ita own groundsa, suddwt rsm.n t5mnlgextenefyc lIsw of the mos ltreq=sene,wt -wl-totwalled garden,, rsewly-erscted melen and cuwren it --cuha1est~inople, g6cdsteMbling, oDach-houaeael, bo andolrcn -aierW-b~~VI~ tILX4Wacee* cotftaedetacheds. au~ 00% for erWbe eo&getjemj ed ~~i~e ~~~n\goen ae, London:~ u¶oe Chltn~as,~ YrkHoarse Wath; Whit LI B saLno mwsu Zr-By Ia #NE1l, at thek1w nilok f!Amodevati eWtenli,WilhpA uRe L~k amble, and wod hod, IngIke, nlewly.f tiledcotteeeaasonumoftbieaplulerdat ildinws. ppot situate upon the hill, sviansss sarifln extezsive views then rihbo-xrboodgaean erac sever1acbam Wdhounds. kept not ardsat lofaPeeo eo hold land at Lowfield-heath. iu,e sadpaiho arwo,od talinwgft. IC. l00. The estate* bu he ie frmth re Brldge sand firer Mtaticoa eight from Iegt,and Azx fromor. ing oad Horsha. The property. with toexcepto Of the ois, is In hand. The property may be viewed tuU theta,nd--cu lMi, thitogSpb. pas nayH wil hELL by dAUCTreIcOs,atthe Auut,a theL Londof MoiWondIn,eOday. iwood a Geer Tinn (wey iorj4von tnn,Thre BiOd OSM bkricktel an dhI stoce ;U1 Bradil htsld,t Gthcn achot,tO witth Sprentand bkgle rdeovmoste lioa ,jcef,statead,ob torshartown baifanyallioh . on i;tb nd.tha Moadit; eLrs Thenr aoxnd Praons ie. etrdb to sol tone V4, Beeto ereet, Londoan aind kcrsrr.Jnbseph dawngdroom,feh ,i o n Yateterya, ands.utiumbe e ha. - pegae. Muray . 1 ee r1 le siwtwnt. two wter- EsiL gate. 64b Tb1 ESSEc . weNallSHpi withll er TheELL by AU tIo rat the Marbdet. londot. on Wotednesdy. ugu! d, at 31, ='O ehad heaed oomGothi of thleotlire wi Tho froutnd bs grdensAl mee eom. Tenientlm biae, close Io tevrepcsujt towraly tstain oDTn ta ondthe roead. old ofthe soamh tenure,aseloteead byntai rtho aoe steps to. percher anndmcoatnd o enoane ha ts, dawingeroom feet by d feeoand gm feercezing wihotlo neat marble hitmnPartices:t wein paing ro! feet byl1omewIei,mr Lnon;lmne-Priece; ibed ron the eetghbour ooeSI aother. 15r fee soicifetor, anoIeestag room,p andhe servanti Niesh,icg sgcmnta, twolwaer-,adactloeeta, Raepate.tssat wlolrecb kitchen, Lonillon, oan Wey elsrag fort wie beer, a neand Thewlffies rete well ppled, EIDEhC watr.thle frontage itorade 44 oa adthe debpath 18t feet.a-pr Thist 0vtb naid, a fd ponustourwagbirdo one towpletind raifa Bthepuch The gros,un renl ft, it ped annum.o Thisesole sloingb md In teer respect soiwdubetetoite oeants or theu woodgina bsme,y grate flowr thre wol terd 01wn iens ftoat ndkean farom n h irumne,16. Loti 2, Thebd b Ilrt HouT e adrie with fndsaeo ileaomsseh nisla old,intesaetnrea ge! ad containthedwt ha'ndaiomano darlton Is arrlso Ieban, and%wllh soldows;be othoa grnfi foorent 15e perd annum oan thea coveat otie the vDa te WorIbegwinaWle grpantedforthe uhole otvterm lt eas godartiulafrs arbe epring, ool,and mw bcBt.Te had1 d5peiou to fthe saldeat theAuctio sand, ituaernthoewAlader,rondon The prniplInsI tetl'iro of 9Mr.u Hfrtsoicior 1dand of meers. J% a gond Jtohn M0 atli lund. NA ora landlordNAs 'wiingt eU byaitrsi-h A C ON,A rAzt t tW&is Mare, peLondon, ondm henehad. Auus 26,a atI,aretan newly-recteddetachd RIfSENCIt,moat pevioanto siuae apo theptownciand raiwan statun Tehe houae wa;ellAuilt,ereted onian eminaene,slopin to ethes btorte, commandin eatnd Hreandff brouifutm Jwode ad sobnery with lower agarde andlrawnd Ancfronter, andktthen IkgardenInThe Brear.Itds aroachd bry a carriagey drow wilth fl,ight o atn crepe andporncoledngo 'Wdentrancte hail, dining Audtwo dra1ingWOra comm-d nIchte n by SfoingM dOorSI, fttd& with andomebit mauchIa ohined-ted. andt frontegandsac windos;s monste drealoor yc adpump andcptal siuate, and Lwaer),7 gOdelaktref Lot InIs approachd coals, ux gndaredoen. wtheBg ofrontaepsea andwoe poihft, eet,rande hol 3 yars roDm 19cufee. b 1555,eat agond r2 ent oe Hi0 pinig anum, I' th6opo1ud A 1 lanlor t celidnstoffllrl5ntereomA1heloot etye feertt. onthe fprncpa ftonr fon tahe nbedgbouomn tonsd wate Acobtion Mat, 'ma floIor mewlaura of andme tw arten aercctul alepnd rlooms, asOlomeako 81 and e, C'oimtrbn clal SaloXrn, eMinciglane, wO;atedofw windr. Jeehand ~obn oilac ln aglemeniots, fittep,ad u,auctioeer s,ppiedet waters.ciThe Eirohtagd o heroad,raprk onl aet dewpthBfeat.e Tane bouse nd grutxb reoi the towncStation.o h we,uowgv 'NLtESS.N S will bSELL by AUCTIONu, adodneeyrsetsbet totlte' 9. f wicharo uneLondon, on Wednedjainitheon6theda ofe Augus oth1 stede and Hoslaned,w grounts an d back gardens, moath coapatenie and pl. easaty Htoadwoth andyeadedly teotaktres Lthe Isn apof aced bws,pleaebe soldnubwith toigt ofportoepsad stoned prmttof entrnce. ball,tdawn, suteoo 9 eet by of feet andi les feet ceihngdnexingreom uon thefrmst wboo ch capie talted onat and watero sloet, on tt!Eerz lo arge nurtsoewy landetw large srervs sleeipig rooms basemnen, boushooge, o kitchenGaolery pantery chidsnacoloseto, wter-gloet wie with. water ThZrnaetah odISfe,dph0 et o ho and grond la-MeinbtheLonuadon: ofd ath ower, who wIlg Johseseloc n cmpletIon vf ther anrdse Th apotione d grount d rEntSilRS.£ NA,Spe annum aSdULd ebey respctIsuec ato the aeaMet oaudthe orgna Weadpnesda fo Athet whol aterm an eaosot, I-ofWhic areD Ouepied kLotw(adjolining eWnte-bult) The othed wieheeltold urg arid grshound ae biilt to Lowotn1, plIn throorpaio o rHenry fioldsoorth, a ybeartlfly tenant, d atntheiren teo£0 and aininum n the cDnovnarlnts ofth noriginalth leiase-tforwtheUrrexoe aupodtrr,whichwilt beistamtoledfttewmtime of ate. Pha houaBw a etaina, and tray ahe had (10 ays reviousth thye sate)a1t theyluction handsom olorLome, ltsane, Lordon the principal=innd binte segter byucJood ofie trhGore sae iiagierooorrirof, solicitor VXelars Mr J.B,mey-ppeoat,1dGBotkiercheubry5tbr ' Lonon; adeof einr,Jsehande stJohnas, land a gendwtslerooes, andaetioneere, bedlgoate. ft b 15I. ithSdreS.n NroHmwiltaSbed bythr e AUTON. 17t. thek IL,.kathrtLodon, 6t.b on ..edneday Auguth8, lit. br12i6, anexconed floor.fiveD os OUSE, sevatsoeuna sPaktmene, toebuidoo.twon Mlame alithtblin and cach-bitten builth toimmcorreespond, plveasueon de gardens,to, convgenitcentl,n b?ansleeping arrange, auend sitatey ad-l join ingte Loerdoni tuoplikeloe, nlorth ofthe Blengisatton SeUtatiosu, and rom which troMte istant1ony7afow onnsalk,t Time housermin. thatndsome cornice, statuaey machisyhimey-piersandbaigt theglow by lit, ittd he am,.dinigboo,t 18t ft. by191 n, back earble cthinypee gro nd Genti o tv,lirr lf,b 12 to.esantsfiwedch easae, lt,e with dreolbe roolm at'el atahed, alicthr e room tIft 6de loa IT.,obtir ecduls, 161d1. by lfldbyperna fourth, 5 t1, y 2 t. 6..rsecOnd all OO'q.o thebdrosreftd w"ith cshime-pee, oned soes, on ul. e basmet,r paecssag2e,kitchen, m man' leing roweom, putlr antry, oul Fey INE boor ndK ooa0 deelas, clWbatens,d. There in lameqelantitsuppl Iier. hh Aprovertybisu aterbeftt MonthspeW-eble taeantfo for sevnd yeDarcs, r cct aJsunte. t51 optioenatwfoh him tlowdetermie thetenamont.At tendorheon witehprovided for prlvearsen t thno low Watyh brerviewedtwo di,and sjuscano the oovIantof which lseauee othiedpropetnilb sl ela the cove ado J enae Mntso the gaer le ase. 11teeslewdbycards sol;adypemsin1thtnn.Priclaare.PepArin, ad ayoure d, 0dr previoustrco thsle,atthe AutnMree,oBarthoElomew-ane,LoIdOer;she principalins'inte, Resh laud rene valueo.Sors, and aucIneds, eUtensl f!I, oo. Bo abinen eandse frteamasaw-mtfo is. wamsn-s.reet witghro nearl aam andse a -imsoftn lale a onlyhite and elowrme-ratt e secasoned iBlan ke, Delzrs,andHo sattnh arous YE lnths, sa-and lf tin- B.PEATER iBROADd to DSPOSLL by AOIabIT, AM h rde on the Premgises a oe on Teduesday, nuut o7.a 25 h aOUll EOrLD Fprecise ctc,nlt,osmtrallgcbedsetofads, beding careta be an drApgrooerbillat dthese m sognths wilesb hakei f thebat d amount. A ltcheon witbe povi adted o psurcasers cat O'alview thMay pr iew,edw ayslopuesious and morniseg of Jae NVtaolsogu Et obtaine on. thepremies and of tre Futnear, b8 Puilde tlo.er 44 Tooidu y-stret, Wstouthwaterkc5,,a Pottvere-fsldr, Mi Gohdn-s, Suar-thark,ExeaeMlofuiig Othem ~ ~ ~ ~ ihintutin ro h 3lR.rPEToER oBROLADCIN wff n the Prmie asCabOve, on atthursday,Auutl T7,atern. inrkllt, the eMoelle. BULDtNG oMAlEk, heS befcmpise In foe,,6 andd threeIL oiaBrlkAnudw ng houes,anda cpeconswarhoue, eter Weadjoirnin, itiegof, ImortMaynb vIeWed the Baday precding n morin ofk Dstrale, Gataog fobtaned,at . Pheab offIcWes,4, laey-oteGremeeto,&hp. deater, HeUbusrl3, at do,loo nturee and U, tensleofas grvocer.- VaualeLeseo Pemirs,hldfo 1 yar nepiedo wt GnLmrly PEOTERN a RA ilSLT yA CI h1,a laes, wigt,macie,adaag fnity olmcelnosefce OOnve the roomigod sl.catcuassots,lge o h priortosaed. weithwout. fraers,-ioeod untr adEfcs o.Fri ftef the Assian eesn, o Pnt d Auus d 7,at12,th th Aypircalousothprmss-fJ n ichsolson,a PBper Ita,St sar-ae rord. oftelatonerw5.Puty 1.00 Or. Of MUses Plate, 2f0 Gold Watches, and FahoaeJ euy ESSRS. PRIEST and LAWRENCEwl Ef ih1byAUOTlON, at their spacious Riooir, Upw St. Martsun's lanelnppelte1duige&) OnL Friday, August 28, at ~Ofor 12, . 1500 Or, of bI E LAT E, for the, table and sideboard, incudingk an e3egant pierce-d cake baske t, iveAolyhl-chrsed tee sets, waiters inkstands, cruet framues, elegant sflier raket, antique sit, caddies four elegant diamond bracelets, 800 gold and silver watches, gold chains, braceleta-riogs, and jewellery set with dtamonds, rubler, emeralds, and Other preciOus stones; alto soveral thousad mats of unou~ rubles, emeradlds andother stones, Onvitwiwo dais prior, andcetil6geia j had. tbelarh-hall - ferthampon_iM---lnRegant Furnitor, Onina, Brouzes, larn Stock.. well bred fionesu choice Plants, ke.- 'MR. DEAICON wil BELL, by' AUCTION corn mL.Lrenciag Wednesday, Sept. 9 and thefloids,rdro. able CONPEENTofi KY-L)fA1tsH HA.E opiig h xeln modm frniursimp=le principally by ers el,oLnd, Incudig apIaltreoiansan clean bedn,wn arrbs eat Of draws in nahogsny and birch woods, toltadohe 'eust.for the edchrube,andtheucal appendagefothsrvnsadupe rooms a drwiogirom mte, of green silktbrtwnocutis cbimeyanpteglases,console and piertbe,ceuaanotr tabes,musel an lsgeTurkey carpets,r; eodadmhgn chais fg dnin. dawlroroom and libray oneadOhrsfsf Japan Orlntal and other c din, anfwIainan tefn .Itembradt- mndea scmVre Ina~abt ateninr h lie odde amigaoIeept eih Iongair owe.antamful prftcc lbidbl ~ee-afm 43CWblohWM be:AbnMd'od.'&n&pt -- I , *m . ? . I 118 H. BROWN anl d .nttee 3L. -_RjW vendor. for lh wn SCoea*-roa.0 hI..jabtsars~i , ioommo, zoom, tee 100205, scu i~Hldh lor-aoi Ksa toeadKtS#p tP.).k.pIaue a o Mr" ban4t. woeIrxa.eus Moe rof Vogeb&gae '-x' vaitao",3,0.a),k4 Dto x * r.oin ciM '' Wats t' ].]SS Hi BRW 3r leo ' fth rul of St;pusy,uit~eitt£ h&'aon-DeX 3hesiween,ttwe'G chunk s-ptd f ur X. ,e d Ube Lkwed bi permlamtoon tth hSy he byiee Andk Iithd oothe . D6EuE lOslis, s £ he ou . =l5 S.N .DRW dT.A OESwi. by-e iwe,and INa,.eXs~ adeince, lotODee S.apr. 4 ptin hadatth Thee3t Tuna Snu~aej* Ams, tir Bhed Sa Baker. ioictoa, 3. aix. aod, e Ofitwo lots- a ~ aca istm~oaaa be nwtwetend i)tais eselssmybea , Wm= -aor.wa ve hiellze Mr Dbenbam'ih Tanern, aJ-lnd elernce0 (isguel, Joe v.baolute S si-rel Shop P,cu wo.ktop iuate andtRaue.Dhbeeds o side. The btk ,Mat. o Jesesled wit bhopkli hadatt,he Te t Shrd an"e Blt(rmdnO}lro; Fothr Absleeute Saeffeo rallv be 'Metndkltbemls attJnk'- tnd th A. ctic R art U. nd i n-.d.r. f. DEI3EHK A Nr -wlfe .LV . JiT, neat. Lug.25A at 12,IiWIt,!Z OSA%. oozes m hog.nitu ate aud acnt 'owa-eaae s welloimlto l, et nrlcb d arad b CQ tQ kpwde fltIDe.stoab.o L o65 annume aftsr.yr- mIto, ,.d rer:he prlmse se el et, telaile atte pucta ion ie:r payezte Parcuam s at Shiat Beb. EBeac io weu. A" Eiuwo . is inant tbeSPro. ier- htheld, a pron of ground .renfudeioete drew. Atkin and DbolMharm teerauc. b -Beho In neo.$et.e i era-mfor , dud Ia ita sadobgtfub tgay oolmlheasfJF. 1UR.c°aPsEBKAM Is<Mha bacaemby bep~ to aBI4 ato the Mark tonee Fidd A*492'_ dt%bed tie i=i ,cs " - tmnae footwits Lotwac, and Jae, lea an ngiiet vwiewoe,Bshots. Sneefi,-ndista * - s 2t atlDt dtrefa atudof the b C a- tAndofE d t. MbenehgS MAiplON6 of henex o ki. lso lIs Shtre ofthebPeelmtAe of 01tie'. amenbed ftoedwoatd Wheeley aUhroohenfra-lw Paintedpttmmbin bVIIJith,sodEtoW6fsae may Dbewv bad oW Mmmra. Parkmm znke.1 Pkt,slctaers, h.Sefod.ow In the =1as*t; ad of arA bho5t. st.g B udford Mro . W.On. r,S. badd-. IThe Plough Tavern lcw1Prntr,Lnn IM F V. T. SELCUTo~ Ui Precisely, In lot,prantoadcema.b sHo eth fokter of the Hls ntm ieo BOd.v are, ~ IHaycesy. BletAde4teHUSODPBIU renoan W.ig n CO ffe CUd, tbors,Safts, Ahimny rlvee' an AIo rarsa Ie.bdsd ILhbe ding and, othe aba eloetr,aqstyo eantaelie gAeStOreT. Mott f Bswot. Ron husay ug?.1 bycisl aJ ser"OHTMSS of mawneHUSHLI P ctlo gne tobtheiedat I h ntoee' fies,5 ts-SLpw~ Dton,on dy i revious at eeo Sr.Wkect weren Hiwy-rcnf tto eb-itl iS tblon atfua stnelo,adarirb,eatd o ulIgppesx, MIetfL inOGes i tetionstouctheaoeljdl pto s ahBcL bjtAU - offrglnd,atd whoe poulaton ia Lnd flnrm.e,. I,attr %actignhfo moe-tr& t,eien o apta. M Sba HIewo onany time,tand inge, drawtlM larhd orf KvAro C,veA6lIo5 ha bedl atothe AundTiondM t ordof Mr vlla", er actone; aNow blat.- Igntc drAagke, r btll. sr Erihmso ada -ln WOD0,indo Ph emmO thoe' ROWood oose andel, BfimkoVfatL abl witinehold ?trmprp nea the mretene townsel of theIA- elbrtsm hu enRO eRS4i inTbned to SEg in a UjcJ. constaini2ng lyoftydInng,drwing,an breakfast reo%,fouIn* ad =-~ ba edllor unditsroundMit lder"OTnsf and telr,eahboussw iSse or. a undalaingfo foor terse adned Vothe oxftes, time.tha dew rbole # s.y. In rinage , and om aboui g aes ofd r ihmewdow sadtb -luNa jominig,I pltuhqe oener y of the R oyal Aeot d Begshbore tins wofi te BasydeiStatieon thMe re towndofn, ig.olgia Railway., an wained hnpoet,bigin ae~,iu~ 9roverInl fwo lthe X surt fi.amshee ceseeieu a wela tsothies, with everycn veine,adth adida =ndlatngWaroteadoxuBed Shnmeylm' tewhlo)lcr sirtuate, ad Mro.adu extensv AM wo Oieeir 0 tea of th e racNe6lSation -of h Londoniit, Me and ~ at ed Bala. I HWKIh GSre o w.l BLLoe t,y AU , f . Amld, in twoloto, Nwi teaonintealcmoa.'T an in_albtwtellradardinftor ila n To uildiw g pupos W, yb abU xon aplwicaint the nc wttoee dismpt wIhaa Mat co RS. and S,esatOaNn, rWmnl UndrExcuton To aebnlas, u xler , andote. nati metrswit unr aindtb~ohr SELse.. -at tiew am ica,-wih frib nkintket C,sm,.rem____ Abbeywood, Kent.-&b - --sgf ea, m taantltycf excellsnt Household uitr, en s y f p~ Iolnr absoad, HEAL will BELLp 4£' 'U(7l~IO1ion the. wo: TEOS. WATKINS ( s braiy thiuie i i Uewod pltof med~b octve otagepthofete- bslleisufor "ste-AjU Nw 9 IDBROI :=DsMLm ==: g*!g AtbaXbjsr.qdams-uidwuah~lhsrd5a fe,tibr n edn,Jbmroshtbeadchge~u tawb iewdtnt=o taI~anone)~se ta Tl rsand Hii - Aug. , -at2clestythot rese,n aic c sonee, .....
