DE~ATHS. Xllled, In Otte of the boats at the mueacze at OawnPore, on the 27th Of 115' June, in the 311h Fear of Idsl age, recentn or the lith Rejiment O Hen"a"' Native Infantry, adresW, *ho onlyr lon of Audrew Basilico, Esq., of flasnpoteasl, On thboe 5th leeto, at his Quinta. ChoIco Pallh James Charlea Duff, Of isaboa, Cosumauder of the Tow0r anxd S.oed of PostuavjL On the 13th met, at Sk Andrw'. N3.D., Wdllam Arnott. REq., forbenly Paymaaster-Geaeral at iLM.'s Forces in s.t'ylon, aged 77. On the 224 inst., at St. Pete'osterruce, flammeramith, in the 724 rear ot her age, M2e Sarah Taylor, deeply and deservealy lamheted by alI who knew her. On the 224 tort., suddenly, aged 19, Gertrude Elizsbeth, eldest laughter of Cbarle Llenrys Stbbdoan, Esq., of easldtoErd, Surrey. On the 2?d tort., at Ereuchay, the Rlev. John Surtees, canon o2 the Cathedral of BristDl, and formerly reotor of Balnham, in the county ol Norfolk, eged 73. On the 25th tost,, EeaAdmiral Edward Locras Thornbrough, aged 67, On the 25th fust.. FranoFe third daughter of Wm. Olutton, }Eq., of Ed1winetowe. Notta, aged 27. On the 266h loat., Mr. Thiomas Mills, leathereeller, 34, Onleplunetreet, BDltalelde, In his 48th year. On the 2ath teat., at Bognor, Xosa Aanne, the Infant daughter ot I. Deady, Eeq. On the 26th inet., at Thorverton, Devon, the Rev. Dr. Colerldge, vicar of Thoeveztoa and Drebendary of Exeter, aged 68. In the 26th it3t., Thomas eBager Gtudey, Eaq., of Marlbornougb, Wilta, aged 74. On te 2th ob. ofrooumpion atBer oadey Elba Buck, aged .ye lease. eeldest anrd° lt dDutg°hter of theolate Hart Bucrr, NQ., of Xeig2g H0Mr8tt^aX ~~raisimaU. and ateraugher f Frdeneg Witer, Eq, 2.615. Mre,Sheernefil, and Onu thhe 27th lut, at Resesby. Letreeterehloe. aged 33, Siarh, the wife On the 27th tort., at U*pdeld, near Strou. Clocee hinohlr, Edward Bullck, eq. lat Comon erjeaut of the cety of Lund .n, aged 57. On the 27th toot, at his resIdence, 1, Trafalgar road, Old Rent-road, Benjainm Sutbali, Ewj., In bis 76th )ear. On Slueday, the 2Tth loot., hMr. Jamees Smart, of the Pang Farma, Great Munden, ferts, in the 80th Jeer ut his age. On the 28th ilst., at Sevenoake, Kent, Mro. Lyne, widow of the late Mr. Thos. lane, aged 62. On the M5h lost., at 25, Henrletta street, O%vendlah-square, Alexan der John, %he ltflnt ton of Alexander Bh6w, Esq. On the 28th tIoot., suddooly, at his ree3denoe, WalttAm Abbey, Esex, John .JewspD Paroell, esq., aged 47. On the 28th Inst. at hls resIdence, 31. Tavlatock-Plsee, Tavistoo1c. quaOe, Thoraas Hactet, eq., suaddenly, of dlea3trd heart, aged 62. On the 65th tort., at Old Charlton, Kent, Sarah Ruffle, eldeol daughter of the late Thomas Littell Tweed, Req., of Barmham, Esex.
Fromn the LO1IDON G4IZETTB oj Tt:csday, Dr. 29. WHIT aAlL, DEC. 26. "±Dssu 'cmn nas oeen Pieas,oia t aPPOint tta Rev. Normou. MAcleod, minkister of the barony parish of Glasgow, to be one of Her Majesty's Chaplains ia OrdiLtasy in Scotland, in the room of Dr. Dunctan Maofarlan, dectased. FOREIGN-OFFICE, DEC. 20. The Qaeen hass been pleased to approve Mfr. William George Lempriere as Consul at EHobart-townx for the Ftee Hanseatic city of Hamburg. CROWN-OFFICE, DEc. 29. MEMBERL returned to serve in the present PARLTA. MENT. Counuty of Buckingham. William George Cavendish, of Latimor, In the county of Buckinghamn, EDI., in the room of the Haon. Charles Corip. ton Cavendish, who has accepted the office of Steward of Her Majesty's Manor of Northatead, in the county of York. WA33-OFFICE, PALL-MALL, DEC. 29. 7th Dragonn (luardff.-Gennurlian C&dtt Arthur liars Vincet, from the ltoy.1 Hilitarg College. to be Cornet, without purchase, viloa Weaver, appoistedl to the Ist Dragoons. 7th Light Drageoos.-Charleo Phislip.Viecunt Royston, to be CornLet, by purehe ,e. 9th Llght Drairons.-Lieut. Frederickg Ellis, to be Capt. without purchase, vice French. killed in action. 10th Light Dragoous.-Serg. Emanuel Simpson. to be RidlagMatter. 16th Light fcgos-eg-eso Thomee Brown to be Cornet, withouit purchase, 24 Rtegiment of Foot. -Stalff-Sarg. of the Second Clara Dinlel Jobn Doherty to be Burg., vice Baiu, who erchangra. 6th Foot. To he LIF.UTENANSTS, without purchase. Ensign Aubrey W. 0. Saoudema Ensign Thomas Bowen. To be ENSIGNS, without purchase. Charleg W. Henry Wilsen, gent., vice Salunders Edward Fred-erick Auguetus 8t'Cartty, gent., vice Bowen. 9th Toot,-Enegn Walter Morrison, from the 64th Foot, to be PlaymMter. 10t Foot.-Geurge Ralph Hareall gent., to be Ensaign, by porch asee vice M'Nelll, appointed to the 78th Foot. 324 FOoo.-Lleut. Samunel Hill Lawrence to he Capt.. wvithout anychase vice Moore, killedin action ; Esign Wiliam HnmDhry SnudCy to heLcut., withiout purchase, vice Lawrnene ; l'bihp William Justice, Sent., to he Ensign, without purchase, vice Studdy. 534 Foot.-Major Frederick English to he Lieut.-Col., without purchae, iceThoas idny Pwel, CB.,kiled in action'; E5ravet. Hajo Wiliam ain o beMaja. wihoutpurchase, vice, Eugilan Joh Alet.andert.MaIltohewlCapt.o, thoueait urehareUvieDGre;a wnitgnr prcbert Prince to beuient. Enithout purch. e, vEice ouselto layClee obe Lieug., without purchase, vir ucr ied I'nactio. To he ENSiGNs without louruhase. Eneiga David Gardisuer, from the let West India Reglment, vice Taylor. promoted. EnsignWIiahm Henry Ashse, from the 2d Weal. India PRegiment, In suooeessoa to Lieut. Batemaan, killed In aotlon. Eoelgo Jamnee Grahasm Hamilton, from the 31at Foot, vice Mirehoueo. promoted. 68th Fcot.-PaymneAter F. P. Fereday, from the Idi1linry Train, to be Paymnaster, vice Bernard, tranesferred to the Royal Canadian Rifle Iteghement. 735 Fook.-Arthur Huer Palmer, gent., to be Eaalga, by purchase, vice Fraser, promot-ed. 71th Foot.-Eusiga Malcolmn M'HeUll from the rOth Foot, to bo Enaiga, in ancuw loa to Lieutenant Webster, kiled in action. For Thomais H. Thoospen, gent., to be Ecelgn, without purchase. 'in succrseisn to Liouat. Brwaneon, kliled In action," which appered in the " Gazsette' of thei lath imat., rend, &c., " in huccession to icuni. Kirby, diedeof his woundis." 84th Toot.-Tt.e promotion of the unader-mentioned oduress to be antedated to thoa 27th of &overaber, 1807 :-Major W. J. M'Carfth ana Capt. W. M'G. Keats. 2luis Feet.- William Atthill, genit., to he Ensign, withouzt purchase, vice Srowrlagg, promoted. SOils Foot.-!dent. Petcy Jullus Deverill to be Caipt., without purchaste, vice Bcevet.Malor Perrin, died of his wolunda; Ensign Horny B. Savory to) be Lient., without putrchase, vice Deverill. 061h Foot.-Lieut. Platrick tounter to be Capt., by purchase, vice Mfeade, who retires. let West Inda Rtegimeut.-Rlcbard Seymour Loemon, gent, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice B. limith, promoted; Joseph kIlchard Kenny. pent., tobhe Ensign,without purchase, vice Gardirier,appointed to the 64th Foot. 24d West India Rteginment.-George Matey Stuiddert, gent., to be Ensign, Wlthoat pUrchase, vice Ashe,appoltited to the 64th Foot. HOSPITAL STAFF. Burg. David Stuart Erakine 13ato, !'D., froma the 2d Foot., to be BtaE.Suarg. of the Second Clems, vice Doherty, who exchsmges. BREVET. Lfeut.-Col. John Thornton Grant,tC Is., 49t Foot, h%viaig compee thre yar' atua srvie o te 1thor December, 1857, in the ran of Lieut.-Col., to be promotod to be Cot, In the A rmy, under the Royal Warrant of the 6th of October, 1854, Capt. Thomnas EAsmonde, half-Pay Unattached, to be -Major in the Army. Paiymaster William Henry Wardell, on half-pay of the Royal Cenadiau Rifle Regiment, to be Majeor in the Armiy, the rank being honorary only, under the Royal WVarrant, dated December 2, 1857. The undermentioned officers of the Royal Engineers having completed three years' service in the rank of Lieut.- Cola., to he Cole. in the army, under the Royal Warrant of the 3d of Novemaber, 1854 : B3reetold t.-Il John Linto Let-o.Edward Thomasa Lloyd ArabinSimmoe. O.. 'm Lien.tk..Col.HenryJ`ames Lict.-ul.EctardillamDrn.I Lleut.-CoL. William Rtobisson, The undermentloned Cadets of the East India Company's service to have the loca and temporary rank of Ensign] during the period of their being placed under tho command of Colonel H. Sandham, of the Btoyal Engineers, at COh&' ham, for fiel'd instruction in the art of sapping and mining : Lewia Conway Gordon. gont. Alexanerll~eg!nald Setou, gent. Joseph Lyall Braudroth, geor;. Thmas Tpper C.rter, gent. Jwese Brow% ne. gent. Ileuiry Meredith Vihart, gent. Charles Slant, gent. Lewis Cower Stewart, gent. Henry Herbert Lee, gent. IlWaiter Malcolm Rtoberts3, gent. BREYI.',. Memorandum. In pursuanice of a memoranidum, dated In October, 1851, the Queen has been pleased to conrer uipon George Augustus Mlorgan, aEs., late Lieut.-COL attaohed to the Turkish Armny, the eqnlvalent honora;y rank of Ideut.-Col.. euns hononary rankl, hiowever, to confer no prlivi legt3sL as ziltish Lieut-Cot onk that officer. COAMMSSIONS Signedhba tho LOs.n-LrxUTucYrNT Of the County of Ka-rT. East Kest I~egftmet ot Militia. -William. Thompo te,Sa, lo be ArBlat.-Sryg., vice Curtis, promnoted. Po ao,gn~ By the IoRD-LiUTrrcA,,',T of the COUnaty Of SAL.OP. Shoopsbiro Regiment or MIlitia. -Janies Walter Cavanagh, gent., to be Asaiat.-ilurg., ilco Oakley, resigned. let Regimnent of RoyalI Surry Militia.-Pkiward Sharpe, Ensign, retired ; James Hires, Ensign, retired. PARtTNBEBtIIPS DISOLVE]). J. an)d T. Start, Peterafield, Ilamnphiro,coeach wheelwrighisE. J. Hughes and H. Fletcher, Chancery-June, patent agents.-Buxton end Cayley, Riclh Holborn, railway advertising board meakera.-Charl. ton and Hino, Durham, millinera.- Striuger and Everest, New Horn. ney Kent,sattorneye,-Youmg, Littiewood, and Wilsons, Foxhill bani, near'Ascrington, and Manchester. eatoD printers;: as far as regards J. S. Young. - Hlughea and Son, Longton. Staffordshire, iron. mongema-A. stud 74l. Hill, Market Drasyton, Shropthire, innkeepers.... J. Azotm and T. Cook, ltochdale, power loin cloth manufaoturers...--. The Bradord Colliery Company, Bradford, n3ear Manchester, and else. where; asfafr as regards R. J. Lawton.-H. White and J. Crouch, Marshall-street Goldeu-square, manufactunrer of fancy work,J1. Battes and 3'. Crockett, Robe;rts/rerrce.. C. 0. 8.oMiddleton and Son, Liverpool, merchan ts. -A. P. and Ri. Maxwe% ll,verpooL merahante, as far as aerards A. Maxwell.-Knowslea and lmith, Ilotterdara. marchAns--The English Comnpany for Working Minces in Ireland. - tGreenwrood, Macey, and SBimpsoni, Burnley, Crimet-bridge, near Golne, powerloom manuafaotnrerm DECLARATIONS9 OP DIVIIENDS. W. Hawke, Great Queen-street, bullder-seceud div. of le. 64., on WVeenedsdy next anxd three subsecueut Wedneedays. at Mr. Lcea', Aldermanbury. U. Wbimpenny. Holme-bridge, manufacturor-second dliv, of la., soy day, at Mir. Young'a Leeds, da,a Sr. Yeuoung's ideeds. * a,flour dealer-fleet div. of VAd any ii'.W. ichlso. Slteheble,ollmerhan-first div. of 47d., any H. Meteneand o. Aperly.brdge,dyer-first div. of lOs. any J. 0. Hoheon, Lo)ng Sutton, Lincolnahire, corn-merchant,-asst div. of Is. Gd.. on Mlonday aexi sand two following Mondays, at Mr. Harris's. NcttlnRham. BANKRUPTS. Jonu Barber and rsederlck Kosonauer, Hammond-court, MlincInglane, general Inerchaiste. to suirrender Jan. 15, at I o'clock, Feb. 18, at 12. at the Blankyupes' Court: Bolleitoes. Mescee. Laa'rauce. Flawd, and Buyer, Old Jewry.chamnbura; official assignee, Mr. Bell, Coleman. streot-buildirgs. Jonathan and Robert lille,s Gravesend, and Dartford. bankers, Jan. 19, at lilf-past1 IO'clock, Feb. 9, at half-past 12. at the Bankrupts' Crurt: solilotor. Mr. Wrighit, Chaucery.laue; officoa assignee, Mdr. Grahamn, Colem,an.etreet. William Cnil"rore, Upper Seymaour-street. Euston-equame. draper, Jan. Il. at 12 o'rlcck, Feb. 17, at 1IL at the Bankrupts'l Court: soleici tor, Mr. Cox, Fioner's hall. Old Breed-street; elliclol assignee, Mir. Nitcholson. Baeloghall-street. Pleter M'Lacblan. Birchin-lane, Cornhill, and St. George's.trrescs,. RKilbturn. baker, Jan.1I1, at I o'clock, Feb. 18, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court; erilicitor, Mr. Davies BiasinRhall-asteet; olcnaasrejcr Feunnell, Gfildhall-chan,bers. Baslngball.atreet. John Green sued William Baker. fitwRate-strset. stay mauncan. beter.. Jan 13, Feb. 17. att 12 o'cloock, at tbe Bankrupts' Court : rolicitora, l7esprr Sole, Turner. anid Terner, Aldermanhury ; official assieee, Tfr. Nicholeon, ila-inghaim--trect. 'Wililam antI Menoy Welloted, Muirneaur-itreet anid Shetnldhars. stree, Branstn.cuare,cabint maers,Jan.`4ut 2 o'clock, Feb. 1G. a 12,at te linkrn'ta~Cour; roroitn.. eerrs. Lawrancr. Flew. an hieer, ld Jwry hambr;ofincial Assignee, Mr. Edwards, Basiaghallr street.at 3o'cock JilametHetn, ry atklnd. hPerlse, neper, Jan. 12, hat 3 'clock o'clock, Feb. 9. at 12, at the Baukrimota' Court: solcictom, Mfer?i. Wilkirson and Sterens. Nich.ola-lane, and Mr. Shamled, Gravesend; Astiar Jcirsr,. 'oteheroch. c,n nercmut Jan. 7, at 12 o'clock, Plewn. and Buyer. OldJewrycahr,OdJwy; and Messrs. Deaon nd aylr, erehomugo miIcil asigos,Mr. Wbitmuora, Thomas Rolling, Falterton, Derbyshire. cattle dealer, Jan. 9, and Feb 6. at 10 o'cl3ek. at itho Ieeda District Court of Bankruptcy, Sheffield: solicior, Mr. Onuts. Chcetefield. and Messrs Smith and Burdebi's, ShefIed ; r'fllcial assignee. Mr Brewin, Sheffelod, Robert andJ.ohn Blow. Gre..t Grimsby, Lincolnshire, corn mcirua.ta. Jan. 20 and Feb. 17, at 12 'a.o.at the Leeds District Cotart of Baoutrurtcey, Klngrton-upon-Hul: soioltor, Mr. Veal, GreA; Griumehy; official assignee, Mr. Carrnie, HutlL Geor-e Live-rmore Shorlaud, Manchester, ironmonger. Jan. 12. at I o'clock. Fb'o. 9. at 12, a. tke Mianeh-st- Djtsticc Court Of Bankruptcy: eulcifoma MdeEcre. Dentian sd Dent, Wolverhampton. and Messrs. Owen Gill, and RoAdozd, Alauhebeter; official asaignee, Mr. Sils Ttlo, Odha, ttsu-wntedeaer,Jan3. 13, Feb. S. at 12 0 clck,at i-e onoesir Dstrit Cuntof ankruptcy: solicitor, Me. otta, Mnchste; oficil setrue, r. Putt. Manchester. Benami Bagh,Dutnded, hesire eniuems,ker, Jan. 12. Feb. 5, t 1 oclok,at he7rtochetr DetiecCut s.fBaakruptcy: sollrlt~, M. Gatole, Ahio-undr-Lne ofic al a elne, Mr. Frastr, 7j.TVXDEN!)S. Jan. 20, D. Morriss,Wlsbeacb, grecer-Jan. 211, T. W. Gilbert, Rail. VMs-plaze. Fe,huc-ere.and Licshuu,e.% saimaktr - Jan. 22, F. Bracher, Old Jersey, tualor.-Jau. 19.. 0. cud J. T7.1 Mosley, Catherine. etreet,13trand, eseus-a 1W 7 adJSas v-aePlr neeter-row,prtttiem-..Jan.252,C. Dix,.,,Lyn)ulustoe. amisbire,tallor. -Jn2,.Yeat,Funuburs.pevement and LittleIlboorfieldE, ollware. nouzmau.Jan.22 T. Hfart. Charlotte-stroet, Bisolfriass, hat mannfacturer.-Jan. 22, F. Lewris, Surrey-Dlace, Keonnueton.park, saurgeoc. -Jun.2!,PF. Lawrence. late efEaatcheapr fruitt edealr,and Old Kent. road. grocer.-Jan. 21, J. Peacock, hcancbester, starch manufactuarer. -Jan. 20, J. It Robinson, Macclesfield, horder -Jan 23 W and J. T~Iee, ltint', Bromnlee, Staffordebire. mulliere.-jap. 25, 3'. jiIfe. Biy: mmnfsbam. ceoumisolon agent, -Jani. IS. E. Rogen., Osmeesiry, draper. - Jan. 21, T' Bell, Jarrow. Dturham, aikkall maniifacturer.-Jan. 21, J. C`tosthwaite, 1,verpwli, merchant. CY-RTIFICA.TES to be granted, unless cause he shown to the contrary onthe day of meeting. Jan. 22. A. S. Francisand G3. AnEten, Obeapslde, warehousemen.- Jan. 22. W. Bassett, Great Ne.port-street. Newport-market, grocer. -Jan). 22,'J. Wilimati and J. Hartley Dsesx.tceet, Kinlnaanid-roasi, and attrsee rayer.....~Jn 2! ?~ K,way, 'three-Oftsg.eourt, Lembrmistcec, smeissin aent.. -an.23. 1'. B4. Dantell, Poplar, fceder-Jn. t' F.D'O Pin.l{mmes'ith, ehymlit.-Fob II 0. incnt,Mitle, Eser berhusekeeer--.Jan. 20, A. and W' Marden Hih sree, rlhgto, ese.l wrsouseirsec.- -Jan. 24, J: Ellan Bea-iret hepae ad ale.sret amsdu-pae AngleIeeY cirndealer.-Jari. 22 T. TI. Hyde, Chocte-, elotbler.-Jao. 22, J. Walker, LIverpoI and X' obdee. tobicorni.t. -J.n. 21, J. and J. 2Mhckay, Liverpoorlmbar moerohotn--jan. .1 , J. Lee, WoiverbaxPton, engino manufacturzr. BOOTtiR BFQ1IXBTBA.TIONS W. Morton, Hsmtton, L%okabtize. groce, Jan. 2, at 3 o'cloek, aS the Hamitltnn Arma Hotea, H',%mllton. ,o r;. A. .. Grat, H enowogrd. Inyees-blvo, tacklman, Jan. 9, at 12 o'clock, at the GlAeaongao Hotel, I,ejterl J. oewiabd, Alexanan , Jn d Vo,r eu R5,t e D0mbartomhote, daper, J a. 2, 'at oO'clock, at tae Elopbant HoLel, Damobarotn. J. tBo ckeorIm G?a gow and Duonon, bcotmraker, Den. 29, olk12 ol-~ock z he Uof tLeFaculty 0E t'rluro?t,,ra, Gla,gow. C.1. Rammay and &. Smarkt.A,broatb, maeonamourc;, Jan. 7, at 12 Odcock, at thn White EHart HoLtel, Arhrmtik. 3). stay.hat, Glanw, grocer, Jan, 4, at 12 o'clcohj at the Sacuhty of Promoatoro'.ball, Ulaa3ow. J. L3ddeli, G4lagowv comnilioUon agert, Jan. 5, at 2 o'¢tclk, at the Globe Iatel, Glasgow: J. Connell ao,d A, W. Taylor, Glr--21w, rewedmuslin maonufatazere, Join, 4, at 12 o'clock, at the H&IE cC the Fcaclty of kroratrp3, GinoSOW. oeeo.hr hpwe,Jn J. Foaeer, Mu"rdld. Ivne-bre hpwr at.5, at 12 o'clock, at the OAcldonlan Hlotel, Iny4rneme J. Straypp Pollocksblelde, eeleofwsblre, contractoi, JAn. 5, at 12 H itowic GIagow,teaiexohnt, an.,5, at 12 olcloock, St the J Godal Xholdy cOfecIone, Jn, , at L O'clock, at M'Gla. J M'lntck LvIneto, LilItgowelr m Inrd ant, Jan, 5, a' 12 o'nlook, at Io 8tax ant Gater Hotel Llnltbo.
STAr/3 OF TRADI9. MANCRESTMI, DEC. 29. Wo mentioned on Thursday iast the existence of a better feeling, with steadier prices in yarns and cloth, and it is gratifying to repeat the report to-day. Selrers at.e asking higher prices for cloth, but there has not been sorauch business at the advance. A considerable number of orders of moderate extent, in madapollams and shirtings for India, placed towards the end of last week, 'were obtained by the manufacturers 'who have found themselves unable to obtain the same rates now. The market, however, is undoubtedly steadier in most kinds of cloth, and the easier state of the money-market, the bigher price of cotton in Livernool, and better commercial acoounts from India appear likely to promote a stilt firmer market. In yarns there has been more inquiry, but it was checked by spinners to some extenti asking bigher rates. The advance demanded was Ad. to id. per lb., and in some few cases an advance of Ld. per lb. was obtained. The business effectedwas not inconsiderable in warps and cops for the home trade, and twists for India, the Mediterranean, and German markets. If the pyrices of this day 'week had been taken, a conslderable business would probably have been done in both oloth and yarn. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report " Slnce tho reduction of the Bank rate of discount on Thureday last the -arket hba boeu frmer aud ateadier than for teu lat few Weeks. To-day both splnnera and manufacturers are asking higher prlcm ; bu buyers are ttill actltg very cautiously, and, thoug1 willing now to Operate at the priems akved last week, declin, exoept in few eases aud tor small quantitieS, to give any advance, and there Is consequsetly but little budinewe doing." Messrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co. report:- " There is a somewhat lirmer market to-day, and In yarns a sUght advanoe i as3ked, but not generaUy obtained, as badness stMl continue, on a ulmite soale ald withoat animation." There is a general impression that the market will go on improving, but that for some weeks to come such improvement wiU lbe slow and very graduaL LEEDS, DEc. 28. There IS no feature of importance to notice in the cloth hails tis morning. The attendance of buyers has been moderate, but they have purchased as sparingly as they have done for the last month. There is a little more cheerfulness in the trade as to its future prospeats, it being generally admitted that the state of the money-market at home and the wcounts from America are favotrable, and that with the commencement of the ensuing year the beginnin g of a better state of things is likely to commence. HUJDDERSFIELD, DEe. 28. A slightly improved state of things may be noted here and the market in the Cloth-haU displays more animation. Business is, of oourse, chiefly confined to the home trade, bu; the offers are generaRy freer, and there is greater encouragement to operate. Wool maintains a steady aspect, bu' salN. e not numerous.
BAIL WAY A CCIDENTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. S.ir,-In g[nr paper of the 23d inst. there appeared a letter from iS haiffh the general mnanager of the Oxford, Worcesterw and Wolverhampton Railway, in referencee to a seriouts eo3ision. which cocc=red on that line near Charlburv, and bywhichmanypersons wereinjured. Hestatesthata, fog signal was placed upon the line at ar distance of 300 yards from the standing train, that it exploded, and was heard by the driver of the approachlng train, who immediately appied the tender break and reversed his engine, but failed In stopping his train within that distance. He also adds, that had a further space of 100 yards intervened in all probability the train would have been brought up. My object In vwiting to you is to draw the attention of raUway companies and the public to the fact that there is a system of breaks in operation on several lines of railway which would I feel thoroughly convinced have prevented the occurrence of this accident, had it been aFplied; I asUude to the breaks invented and patented by t,fr. James Newalw, the superintendent of carriages on the East Lancashire RAilway. This break has been in operatinn upon that and other lines for some years, and has been the ineang of preventing raany collisions and consequent injury to passeogers and rol1ing stook. It has been approved by the Board of Trade, and the inspectors under that Board hav'e frequently expressed in their reports the reat advantages attendant on its adoption. The principle is that of applying a break to every wheel of a train, or to As mnany as may be considered necessary. Its action is simnpb, either the driver or guard can instantly apply it to the whole train, and Its cost is, I believe, exceedingly sma'l. As one instance out of numblers of its efficiency, a train , f eight carriages, going at a speed of 35 miles an hour, was stopped in a distance of 230 yards by the guard's break alore. It is most desirable that rai3way comapanies should ensut e as far as possible the safety of the lines intrusted to their care, and It is in the belief that an improved system f breaks, such as the one I have alluded to, would in a very material degree effect this objeet that I have ventured; o address you on the subject. _ SALUS. Lecomber 28.
TO THE BDITOB OF TUZE TjIES.- Sir.-Having read the letter of your correspondent " G. W., M.D.,' which very much discourages those who might have been induced to light their fires at the top, I wLsh to offer you my experience on the Eubject, but I have no wish to see my letter in your columns; I should prefer that you should give your readers the benefit of it in your own 'words. I have a large house, and at the beginntng of the autumn of 1856 I had an iron plate laid on the bottom of every fireplace in it, and the fires lighted at the top. I nd the plan most successful everywhere but in the kitchen. Cooks and kitohenmaids stoutly resist the adoption of it, but footmen and housemaids delight in it. The result of a 15 months' trial is that my servants have much less trouble, that my furniture suffers much less from dust, that I never find my fire gone out, and that I bari very much less coal. I Dgree with " G. W., M.D." that the soot does hang at the back of the grate, as I imagine, from the slowness of the draught, lt is not carried up into the air as with the grates In common use, and that from the ground floors of a high house it hardly reaches the air at all, but hangs about the chimney; yet much less soot is found in the chimneys when they are swept than there used to be. We should havo still less soot if we had the Arnott grates, because they hold a supply of coals which would last the whole day, whereas we are obliged to put on coals In the evening, or sooner if the grate be a small one. Fires that are lighted at the top burn up cheerfully at first.; after a time the fire gets dull, when it should be pulled with a crook or tongs from the sidea, and eapeciaUy from the back, and piled up in the centre. Towards the end it may be poked in the common way. With a little attention tho fire may be kept always chearful. The plan is Invaluable in a sick room, or where the fire is 'wanted to burn all night. An iron plate may also be added in front, but it must not come within two inches of the top bar, and it should be easily removable. This fire, when thoroughly burnt through, gives an im. mense heat. After all, it is not so pretty a fire, certainly, as the old one; but our atmosphere wil be much prettier 'without smoke, and it is, at any rate, more cheerful 'bhan the close stove to which two-thirds of Europe submit. 'Why should John Bull insist upon being more extravagant than hBs neiphhoupRs VIrt ,v, ECONOUnST. Dec. 29.
THE RECEBNT FAILURES IN THE WORSTED TRADE.- The Leed4 Afercury says :-" The arrangenment proposed to be effected with their creditors by the firm of Messrs. S. 0. lister and Co., of Halifax, has by no means met with gene. ral approval among the merchants and manufacturers attending the Bradford market. It is said that, insteai of relieving other concerns compromised by the stoppage of that firm, such an mcrangement is calculated to do a great deal of barmn. The general opinion expressed is that the liabilities of the firm ought to be liquidated in a mnch shorter period then two years. Whether all the creditors will accept the proposal made is not yet known. The liabilities of Mr. W. C. aigh, woolstapler, are commonly repord to be some, wbere about 60,0001." TnlE LATE ACCIDENT Oh' TIIE OXFORD, WOECESTER, AND WOLEREIAMPTON lRAILIAWAY.-One of the passengers by the express-train on the night of the collision on the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolv ,rhampton Raulway, near Charlbury, on the 18th inst., died suddenly four days after the accident at Warwick. Tho deceased is Mr. James Husrt. the Poor Law auditor o£ the Oxfordshire and Warwlckshire district. He was on his way to Warwick to attend a trial there connected with some embezzlement by an officer of tbh Poor Law when the accident happened. He did not feel that he was hurt beyond a brtise or two, bht was seized with illness two days after at Warwick, where he died on the 22d. The deceased was in his 64th year. At the inq est held on the body at Warwick before Mr. H aynes, coroner, wben Mr. Blenkinsop, the surgeon who attended Mr. Hunt, sad that when called in on the Sanday (two days after the accident) he found Mfr. Hunt very depressed and faint. He said he was sure he was about to die, and that at the time of the accident and ever since he had suffered fropi a pain in the abdomen. On a post mortem examination of the body the cause of death was ascertained to be the bursting of an aneurismal SaG (formed about one inch above the division of the two iliac arteries), and the consequent flow of blood into the abdomen. Mr. Blenkinsop was of opinion thal some amount of laceration of the sac occurred at the time of the accident, but it might have been caused by any excitement or exertion. Dr. Jefferson also attributed the death to the bumorrhage from ruptured aneuri8m, the accident having probably hastened the fatal issue of the :ceae. The coroner said the question arose,whether death had arisen from the accident, and it would be necessary to Rive notice to the Board of Trade and the raUway com. sany so that the cause of accident might be traced out. Ie therefore adjourne4 the iuquest to Wednesday next Lug 6th of Janusr1,
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Taesd&y Evenin,. In the railway-market there has again been a general advanca, and, although it was not fully maintained to the close, most of the leading descriptions left off from X to 1 per ctnt. higher than yesterday. The movement has been caumed chiefly by speculative purchases in anticipation of an increased bonO Jfde demand, which is calculated to arise on a further reduction in the value of money. Investments to a moderate extent also continue to be made. There was some inquiry for North Staffordshire, it being stated that proposals have been made to this company by both the London and North-Western and Midland. Great Northern and Great Western were exceptionally flat. Colornial shares generally improved, especially Grand Trunk of Canada, which touched 50i, but afterwards partially relapsed; East Indian closed 1 per cent. higher. Foreign slightly advauced, and a rise oE about lOs. occurred in Dutch Rhenish from the increase in the traffic returns. Aimerican securities were steady, and a further recovery of $1 took place in Illinois Central. No transactions were marked in mines. Joint-stock banks were firm, and In some cases better. Misce!laneous securities were in good demand generally at higher prices; London General Omnibus were scarce for delivery, recent speculative sales having been met by corresponding bed fide purcheaes.
THE CORY TRADB. LIVERPOoT. fnlt 2q The arrivals from Ireland ard coastwise Itince Tnesday last have been liberal of oatmeal, but otherwiEe smaolL From loreigr ports we bare recelved 17,f63 quarters of wheat, all American, 12.483 quarters of b3anu, 9,421 quarters of lndau oorn, h.631 acks and 25.729 barrels of flour. The exports iD the smeo time oomprise 1,522 quarters of vheat, 300 qsarters of oats, 1,470 quarters of Indian corn, 1,539 sacks and 2.689 bartels of flour. vwing to the intervention of the Cbristmas holydays, there bas been very Uttle buolueste doing here, aud piles of all artloles of our trado remain nominallywithout change value. The weatlier continues singularly mild and oren for the Period of the At this day's market there was a good attendance of the town and country trade iad some busers from the interior. Wheat met with a Rood concumptive demand, and a fair atount of busineeS was done at the fu1l prices of this day week, due quallties of white acnd red being most sougbt after, asd for these rather more money in eome cases was paid. lloor was uc&lectct, and in the few asles mado buyers had the advantage. Oats werenuJ mcderate requret at late rater, but oatmeal said slowrly, and baseb maintained ts3 valuel. icacley and pea remained ast '.-tt qutoted, lbut E:gyptlrm betns being more plentiful moat he railed tRL per quarter lower. Indian corn wan also lu rather better supply. and to make progSress with male 6;d. to ls. Per quarter letss eney hadtobetakeu. *We quote Ameticana t hIteuwheat,a7s. 31, to 8s. ; red., th. 3d, to 7s 60.. per 70ib. American flour from 2ts. for WVest-ern Canal, to 27r, 6d. psr barrel for Oine extra Ohio. Feliaw andw mixed Indian corn, 33s. txdto 3£a. per quarter; wvhite. 37e, Gd. to 38St. 60.. errquartetr. 3jFD9, DF.C. 28. The trae Is firmer for wheat to-day, at Illly last Tuoedat s rioss,q We note no alteratiou In the Talue of fde barley, bur other descrip. tioas aze almost unraleable. Ost and beans as before, A)XRIVAIS sfNCB; Tid DJtY WT;. Wheat Ra.pes2,814 lReed .. 4r9 Barley .770 IPeas loads) ...IO AVXlAGr rtICM FOR rTEX WMr2 Iiinesa n"v lR
RAILWXAY INTBLLUENCE. SEVERN VALEEY. a. 8pecaL general meeting ol this co-pany was held ye6. terday at the odice, Parliament streoe, to oonaider the pro. priety of applying to Parliament for an extension of tini to complete a portion of the works. or for the abaudonment of the undertaking; Mir. J. Parson in t-e chair. Ir. REED, the secretary, read the notice convening thE mieetitng. TheC OuAsnrw said they had been called togetherin .oori sequence of the sbtate of the money-market when the notiee was issued. It had since, however, improved. The Severn Valley ComptDy bad been unable to procatd in cosisequenot of the whole of the authorized capital not being subscrib& That which was merely a difficulty in 1852 or 1854 became an impossibility in 1857. As the period for the oompletion of the aorthern end oftheline wouldexpire in July, 18,'l J becamse necessary to pply to Parliament for an extenkion of tiee, or for permiseion to abandon the entire undertak. ing. The two things appexred inconsistent, but they do. pended on eircumstances. The board had considered the matter duri&g the panic of 1857, and thought it inexpedient to proceed with the undertaking; consequently, orders were given to deposit a Bill for the purpoee of abandoning the undertaking, and also another for an extension of time, should it be considered desirable to go on. They were preo pared at that time to advise the shareholders to abandou the undertakitg, but since the money-n,arket had greatlylms proved, and there were other parties wbo were anxous to sen the undertaking carried eut, persons largelyinterested in the line thought it better to defer the conhideration of the question until the half-yearly meeting in February next. It was euggested by the board to present botT Bills, and leave the final determination as to which should be proceeded writh until after the Februar meeting, but, if possible at an earlier period, to devise some pxlan or the resuscitation of the conia peny. The Bill for the extension of time to proceed with the undiertaking proposed authorizing the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhamptou Company to subscribe. As k director of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhamptonhe could say that they were not prepared to subscribe any money; but they were prepared to guarantee the Sevems Valley dbbentures, which would assist them in getting money, and they would work the traffic when the line wa completed. Hie concluded by moving a formal resolution authorizing the directors to continue the two Bills before Parliament until the hall-yearly meeting in Febrmary next, Mr. W. JAcxso2?. M.P., seconded the motion. In reply to questions ,it vwas stated that in February they would probably know whether the line would be carrled ott or abandoned. There was every desire on the part of the directors to carry out the undertaking, and they only re. quired sufficient funds for the purpose. It appeared that arrangements had been made with responsible parties some time prior to the disastrous state of the money-mnar3ket to make the lne, but owing to the subsequent state of things they declined to underte the work. The motion was then unanimously adojted. Mr. W. IL , a director, said if they could eee the country gentlemen coming forward with something like 200,0001., they would be able to go on; they were only de. layed by vant of funds. Mr. JACKcOFN had no doubt that if the gentlemen whd were locally interested would come forward to assist them as they ought to do, the line would be Eoon made. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedinge. ELY VALLEY. The first half-yearly meeting of this company was hold o« Vednesday at Cardiff, Lord Talbot in the chair. The report explained the nature of the opposition to the passing of the Bill through its various stages, and the arrangements entered into with the opposing parties, ix consequence of whch the opposition was withdrawn. Tht Parliamentary expenses, amounting to 2,8941., had been paid, and tenders for the construction of the lne had been received, but owing to the financial crisis the dhiectors had deemed it expedient to defer the acceptance of any tender until a later date. A proposition had been made for the oxa tension of the line into the Ogmore and adjacent valleys, which it was hoped would be carried out. There was a balance in hand of 1,007l. The report was adopted, and the retiring directors werd re-elected. EAST KENT. The works on the portion of this line between Chathani and Faversham having been completed, the Government inspector has signified his intention of inspecting them to-day, and approved i is intended to open that sectime for passenger traffic im.medately. It appears that the cor poration of Faversham have invited the directrs to a banquet at Faversham on the day the railway isnto be opened. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Wj5~ e L Osle 1o xc weslrenflnsDee. 6 IGanTunk or Cada4 *........ --9 _ . _ 2,34 9,1g Week endlne Dec. 10. Detroit and Mtilwaukle - -........ 10) -. - - - - *. 1,22 . ..e Week ending Dec. 11. lreat Western of Caua 8 40 6,007 10,907 . 94 i s5 Brsaleoand Lake Huron Iii - 517 --766 - 1,8555- 2 Week endLng DeM. 25. Glagow and Bouttm-Weetern - . - 6,663 6,091 Week ending Dec. 27. KanS aSnd Windenees - -.73 ..47 1 10.- S North Lndon --n .. 9 7 30-. _ -- 2,3 . . 210 The following are the last returns of the gro3s recei,sts of the principal French railways from Dec. 10 to Dec. 16:-
ACCIDENT ON THI; EAST LANCASIitE RAnwT5Ay.. A collision of a rather unusual character occurred on the East Lancashire Railway, between Ramsbottom and Accring. ton, on Monday evening about 6 o'clock, which, however, did not cause much personal Injury. A tratn of waggone laden with stone was going up the incline at Helmshore, when the couplings which connected the eighth waggon from the end with the former part of the train gave -way, and the eight waggons thus disjoined began to zuI backwards down& the hill in the direction of Manchester. The guard Nvs on the last waggon, which was now the first in the dircutiom that this part of the train was taking, and he jumped off in the hope of catohing hold of the points and so turning the waggons into a siding. Unfortunately, he fell down, and the waggons passed on, acquirting considerable impetus iu the doWnW=f ran of about three miles which they had accomplished when the driver of the passenger train that left Manobester at 5 o'clock saw them approaching. He immediately put on the breaks and stopped the engine, btut he could not reverse it before the waggons were u=ti im, The engine and tho first carriage were nearly destroyedA and both the lines were blocked up. The passergere were shaken, but not seriously injured, except in one cases in which tho injuries were not caused by the collison., Mr. Littlewood, of the firm of Littlewood, Young, and Wilson, of Church, near Accrlngton (and also of Man. chester), had been riding in the fifth (a first-clasa) carnage from the engine, and when the train caee to a standstill, suspecting that something was wrong, he juinp31 out of the carriage. He fell on the rails, and received so severe a contusion of the left thigh that he could not sband, and was obliged to be carried away. Directly the acoxdent occurred messengers were cent to Mr. Snsithells, the general mtanger, who, on arriving at the spot, telegraphed for Dr. J. G. Harrison, of this city, the medical officer of the coam pany. Dr. Harrison ascertained that no dislocations hadc taken place, and that the injuries of the passengers were not moro sovere than braises and slight cuts, which will not pre. vent the sufferers from attending to their ordinary duties, except in the case of MIr. Llttlewood. Two farmers fromn Croston, who had received blows ou the head, were sent oa by way of Preston to their destlnation. A mana who residea on Zion-hill, Radcliffe, but whose name we could not learn, was cut on the head. Thornton, the guard of the passenger trAin, was disbled by a blow on the legs. Beyond these there vrere no injuries worth natuing. A number of meaL immediately set to work to clear the lines, and one line was so far free from obstruction in the course of an hour and as half that the train wvhich is due at the New Bailey Statiort at 20mnutes past 7, reached Mlanchester soon after 8 o'clock. There is no reason So believe that blame is tabl ta anyone.-ilfiandl,. Gnerd . iattributable to CHURCH RATE CONTJ;ST AT GREE-NVwICH.-In pIuS smance of a demand made at a vestry meeting of the parish. loners of Greenwich, held on Friday the 18th inst., a poll took plao3 on Monday and yesterday for the purpose of determining whether or not a church-rate of Id. in the pound should be granted, the vestry havin& decided by am Immense majority against the rate. The pol was brought to a lese last evening at 7 o'clock, when the Rev. Al. A. Soames, the vicar, announced that the ma-king of the rate had been carried by a majority of 533, the numbers beingfor theorate, 921.; against it, 38S. The opponents oi the measure deny the validity Of the rate, notwithstanding tho majority thus obtained, in aonsequenoe of the rev. chirma0 having refused to put a motion for the adjournment of tbA v.etr or dix weeks for the estimnatea to be amodd,
VDUCATIO,V A ND RLIGION IN INDIA. TO TIH LIDITOl OF THE TIIES. Sir,-India is wedged into the heart of Asia, with the Mahomedan reaions on one side, the Buddhist on another, and *he ocean open to us on the third. She is rich in a.ctual wealth, and still richer in undeveloped resources. The existing revenue of British Indiaaloneis30,000,000l., two-thirdsof which are derived from the unimproved rent of land; and, with good laws well administered, with an extenFive settlement of Europeans to show what use may. be luade of the wonderful powers of the soil aud climate, and with the help of raikways, irrigation, andother productive works, the30,000, 000. will sooa become 60,000,0001. The people of this great conti3ient are intelligent, thoughtful, imaginative, fond of discussion, aud from the most ancient times learnidg and learned men have been held in esteem among themn. They had epic and dramatic poems of considerable merit, and systems of philosophy of extraordinary ingenuity and subtlety, at a time when our ancestors were clothed wvith the iskins of wild beasts, and were entirely destitute of literature. We received from India, through the Arabs, our beautiful system of decimal notation. The fables known to the Western world as those of £scp or Pilpay were discovered, whenl Saascrit lbegant to be studied, to have had their vrigiu in the flitopadesa. Unlike the Chinese, who are remarkable for their indiflerence to a future state, the Indians axe strongly impressed with the religious principle. Lorg before the Christian era the old stem of Elndooinui thraw olf a puritan-quietist shoot wvhich, Driginating in the district of Behar, overspread ASia from lnamschatka to Sweden,* and from the Fr zen Ocean to thie great Southern Archipelago, nntil itinclutded a largmer portion of the human race thant any other reli,gion. 'T'hroughout this vast region the ancient vernacular languatige of Behar, anctr the name of P. li, is either fully established as the sacred language, or has left traces which are easily recognized in local religious phraseology. If the resources of this great central Asiatic country are properly developed, so that she may acquire the etresigth which properly belongs to ier; and if education and free discussion and Clhristianity are fiinvly established there, a change will be wrought throughout the continent and islands of Asia the bletsings of which cannot be described by any tuman pen. The great event which has this year commanded universal attention has given increased reality and nearness to this prospect. WVe have seen in the Irish famine how the prerogative of God educes good out of evil. If all the outward circumstances of the Indian insurrection are peeled off a death struggle will be seen at core between the powers of light and darkness. The beast and the false prophet, idolatry and the great Mahomnedan imposture, are band(led against us. Heathendomhasconcentrated her forces, to be comuprehended in a mnore complete and couspicaoiis overthrow. An Einglish and Christian Delh1-the universally acknowvledged centre of Indian authority-is the symb'ol of thisgreat moral victory. G.overnment is a far more potenit and formidable mac}ine in the East than it is3 in the West. Here we govern ourselves. As the people have all the aourcea of power in their own hands, they cannot be under any alarm about the designs of those who admiuister in their name. There everything depends upon a highly centralized system, which absorbs nearly the eziire rent of the couantry, besides otberlargerevenues, and stands in the place not only of our central government,but of ourimunicipalitiet, our magistracy, and police, and of a great deal more which is done in this country by local or private agency. Religious toleration, -which is of modern growth even in EnglaiAd, was enitirely unknown in Inenin. The natives, generation after generation, Liad been accustomed to see tbe great porwer of Asiatic despotism used for their forcible conversion. This idea was fixed in their minds. 'I'hty fully expected that our Goverument would follow in the wake of its predecebsors. They bdlieved that the missionaries were its agents. They were confirmed in this belief by observing that in those early days there wvere few Europeans In India w ho were not servarts of the Government. All others were liable to penalties as " interloper,." According to the Hindu system all knowledge, sacred aar1d profane, was confined to the Sanscrit larguage, which is a dead and very difficult language, requiring, according to the native practice, from 12 to 20 years to inater it, and the u,se of Sauscrit was contined to the LBrahmins. All hinowledge, sacred and profane, was alho bound up together in the bond of religion, as havin.g. been the rsubject of express revelation; and false science was lrrevocably fixed and stereotyped by its union with fal:e religion. IThe key of knowledge was thus entirely taken away from the body of the people. ThlAe manner in which these obstacles have been overcome oughlt to be carefully noted by the present gentration. The first race of Ainglo-Indian functioiiaries were deeply imppressed with a sense of the daligler to be apprehended from attacks upou the religiou of the natives, and they did not profess to tolkr;te the missionaries. Carey and Marshman had to take refuge in the Danish tettlement of Serampoor. Judson and iNewell wero not even allowed that asylum; andl the renult of their being SC scattered abroad" was the establishment of the fourishing Pegu mission and the pliublication of a chvarmluing little narrative (the Life of HIarriet Eewclrl), wrhich has won the hearts of thousands t;o the cause.t By degrees the strong chain of association which connected tlnt missionarics with the Government in theo minds of the natis es was broken. Thle natives became conucious of the enjoyment of religious liberty. They saw that they wero on an equatl footint w with the missiofaries, and that they might listenl to preaohing an:d accept tracts wvithout beinlg i;.vo;ved in consequences fromn which there would be no escape. The niissionaries were recomniyze in their true character of benevolent popular teachers, and the natives of all ranks gave the highost. proof of confidenco in them by intrusting them with the education of their children. The first step taken by our Government In native education was the foundation of the Mahosenlan Coliege at Calcutta bv W arren Hastings in 1781, and of the Sanscrit College at Benares by Lord Coruwallis in 1792. The object was to snake a favourable impreasion upon the natives by encouraging their literature, and to train MIaulavees and Pandits to assist the European judges ; bat, as the literature and law of the Mahbosedanis and :ineoos cannot be separated from thoir religion and morality, tbe entire con,(s of these systeims was taught in the new col, ges. The next step had its origin in a voluntary movement of the flinda <esitleuien and Pandits of Calcitta to form an estab ishrnent 's for the edlucation of their children in a liberal manner as practised by Europeans of condition." Christianity was carefully exclided; kut " general duty to God" and the " English system of morals " were comprehended in the plan. The government of the College was vested in a body of native managers, by whom the teachers were appointed and removed. The line taken bZ the Calcatta Government) and the effect of it, will be seen from the following extract from a letter from Sir E. H. East, the Chief Justice, lated May 21, 1810:- "'W'hen they were told that the Government waq advised to suspend any declaration in favour of t'eir undertaking :frosn tender regard to their peculiar opinions, which a clsssical education adter the English manner uight trench upon, they answered very shrewdly by stating their surprise that any English gentlemen should imagine that they had any objection to a liberal education; that if they found autbhing in the course of it which they could 3aet reconcile to their religious opinions they wore mot hound to receive it; but stin they shoold wish to be informed of everything that the English gentlemen learnt, and they would take that vwhich they found good and liked best. Nothing can show more strongly the genuine Note,-Tho second report of the Indian Committee of i]e Rlouse of Lozrds in 1853, which contains the evidence uipon education and religion, may with much advantage be consulted in ilustration of the'subject of this letter. Many yoints which have been slightly touched upon here are fully vxplained there by more thaa one person to whom the regfeneration of India has been the cherished object of his The Swedish Laps are more than half Buddhists. ' Judson and Newell were " deported in 1808; but in 1S33 the Rov. John Lovrie established the American North Indi"a Mssion, and the Rev. Mr. Brown soon after founded lhe Asm )ision. The hearty co-operation of the two great branches of the Anglo.Saxon family, supported by 2xany zealous and able colleagues of the old German *ock (chiefy from the Misdonary College at Basde), is one of the -unoouraging elrcumstancesof this great enterprise. The two Wexds of the Indo-Germanic race (for uDmistakeable trace3 of a commbn origin in the Sanscrit and European Languages clearly prove onr consanguinity with the ancient invaders of of India from the North-%vest, who ectablished the BrahInLical system) have thus been reunited. feeling of the Hlindoo indn than this clinging to their purpose under the failure of direct public encouragement in the first instance. Better Information as to their real wishes, and accumulating proots of the beneficial effects of an improved system of education among them, wrI', I trust, remove all prejudices on this subject from among ourselves, with some of whom they actually exist in a much stronger degree than among the Hindoos themselves." The success which attended this plan encouraged the formation of another on the same principle. The popular literature was so steeped in immorality drawn from the impure sources of the Hindoo and Mahomedan religions that unobjectionable books were not to be had; and. to supply this want, au association of Hindoo, MIahomedan, and English gentlemen was formed in May, 1817, under the title of the "Calcutta School-book Society." The 3d rule of this society was: - " That it formas no part of the design of thle institutionr to furnish religious books,-a restriction, however, very far froni being meant to preclude the supply of moral tracts or works of a moral tendency, which, without interfering with the religious sentiments of any person, may be calculated to enlarge the understanding and improve the character." Carey, Thomason, anid others who looked forward with earnest hope to the evangelization of India were on the provisional committee. (2d Report of the Lords' Commiittee, pages 237-8 and 252-3,) In 1832 a controversy commenced in the General Committee of Public Instruction at Calcutta, the object of which was to determine whether the English language and European learning, or the Sanscrit, Arabic, and 1Persian languages and Asiatic learning should be the rtiling principle of native ¢ducation.; This great question was decided in favour of Europe%n learning by the resolution passed on the 7thof March, 1835, by Lord Williarn Bentinok with Lord Macaulay's support and assistance. The patronagewhich had been profusely bestowed on Sanscrit and Arabic was then brought within reasonable limits, and many new schools and colleges, to which good libraries were attached, were established for the cultivation of the English and vernacular languages. In these seminaries religion formed no p)art of the regulated course of instruction i but the Bible was placed in the libraries, with the understandipg that it might be freely consulted both by students and teachers, and that the tcacher s wfere at full liberty to furnish explanations out of it of the numerous passages in English authors which cannot be understood without a reference to it. The last developments of the Government system are the "Village Vernacular School" of Mr. Jarnes Thomason, whereby education will be extended to the whole body of the people, and the " grants in aid,"whlch reconcile the claims of Christianity with those of equal justice and religious freedom. Thus the key of knowledge has been restored to the people of India together with a rich cornpensation for all they have endured. For the false science of the Shasters they have the accumulated discoveries of Western Europe. For the slavish subjection and impure morality of the B;ahminical aystem they have the glorious liberty of the gospel of Christ. While we are grateful for our own superior advantages, we ouj,ht to make allowance for the circumstances of those who have gone before. The elder Thomason acted as conscientiously and usefully in the formation of the School-book Society, fro.u which religion was excluded, as his son did many years after in the establishment of a 3ybtem of vernacular instruction which gives free scope to missionary exertion. Sir E. H. East urged,-" This is the only safe and practical methpd to stop the fearful cour_e of demoralization among this people and to give t'iem in time better views." We may feel Lome indulgence even for those who hesitated to give the sanction of the Government to the experiment of the Hindoo College, when we recollect that the reaction of the les, advanced portion of the native coinmunity* has severely tried our strength after an interval of forty yea:s, and that it would probably have nipped improvement in the bud if it had taken place in those early days when the state of the native mind and of our own power was much le"s mat-tre. Is it a small thing that we strangers from the other side of the world, differing from the people of India in colour, manners, language, and religion, have obtained their confidence; that we are recognized by them as teachers of all truth, human and Divine; and that they flock by thousanda to our schools and colleges to receive such instruction as we are willing to ofler? When AVarren Ha3tings founded the MVihomedan College at Calcxtta the question was whether the natives would a'low us to have anything to do with the education of their children. After this starting point had been secured, a natural craving arose in the native mind for education of a better sort than could be furnished by their own systems. If we had taken the initiative at this critical stage a spirit of stus-' picion would have been arrayed against us; and when the Pandits, who co-operated in the formation of the Hindoo College, afterwards discovered to their dismay that they had evoked a power beyond their control, and that they had barred out Curistianity in vain, because the truths of physical science taught in their new seminary were subversive of the untruths woven into the substance of Hiniduism, we should certainly have been charged with bad faith, and the storm which the native managers had to bear as they best might would have burst upon us, and upon the new system advocated by us. The spontaneous character of native improvement is the natural fruit and just reward of our consistent caution. The natives, left to the natural working of their own ingenious and speculative minds, became imipatient at being left behind, and took the matter into their own hands. This is the sure guarantee of further progress. If Hastings, the elder Thomason, or B3entinck had transgressed the limits prescril 3d by the circumstances of their respective periods, we should not now be in so advanced a position. The day of smail things is to the day of great things as cause Is to effect, and those who despise weak and timid beginnings only display their own want of foresight. The influence of the existing Government system of education upon the moral character and religiods belief of the natives has been much discussed. The first result is the destruction of the Hindoo system in the minds of the pupils.t It did not occur to the ancient Indian legislators, when they placed fetters on the human intellect by binding up their false theories of physical science with their false religion, that the whole fabric might one day be brought to the groun(l by the removal of the imported material. 'T'here is no subject of conversion so hopeless as a Hindoo who has been taught according to the perfect manner of the law of his fathers. There is no morality so bad as the sanctificatlon of every evil propensity of our nature, and its being recommended by supposed Divine example; all which the rnndoo religion involves. The youth of India are not only rescued from this state by the Government system of education, but they are advanced one stage further. They are taught to think, and their thoughts are inclined towards Chrlstianity by a literature which has grown up under its Influence, which always as3umnes it-: truth and is deeply imbued with its spirit.; A new standard of morality is presented to them. " The law is a schoolmaster to lead uns to Chrlst ;" and the study of the writinlgs of Bacon, Milton, Addison, Johnson, and Locke establishes this "law" iu tneir mines. It does not give the effectual motive which a firm belief in Christianity would impart; but it creates a conscience which will continually act upon them until they come to a full "The completion of the institution has been retarded in deference to the opinion of one of the members of Council, who thought that the Govern ment should not show any outward marks of countenaucing any plan of this description by giving patronage, land, or money, which might give umbrage to the findoos in the country, though it was desired by all the prinoipal Hindoos in Calcutta.3"-Letter from Sir E. H. East, Calectta, 3ay 18, 1816; page 237 of the 2d Reporb of the Indian Committee of the louse of Lords 1853. ;' Soon after the establishment of the Elindoo College one of the pupils was taken by his parents, in spite of his remonstrances, to pay their customary devotions at the shrine of Ki, the tutelary goddess of Calcutta (Kfilikatta). The young follow settled his plan on their way thither, and when they came opposite to the hideous idol he took off his turban, made a low how, and said, in an elevated voice," How dy'` do, Mrs. KAlI!" This was in all the newspapers of the time, and gave the orthodox party a foretaste of what they had to expect from their new institution. They objected to receive a subscription from Rim Mohan BAi, little thinking how effectually they were doing his work. * Objections have often been made to the influence of Latin and Greek literature. English parents would indeed have cause for alarm if that literature were expressed In the living languago of the actual governors of the country, were recommended by the example of their superiority and success, and were spported iu its religion and morality by i bodX of evidence like that which upholds the Christiax falt. Th. I"new learning," and the cultivation of the popular langusoe in connexion with it, are operating in ndwtha poer and beneficence exceeding the action of thae same principles at the timeo of the European Beforma. tion, in proportion as (C:hsi.tiauiy is better than Polythoism, and the science of the l0'th mere ads'aced thusm that of the 16th century. * On the single occasion on whioh I had the happiness of seeing that holy and humble man Dr. Carey, he expressed a decided opinion against the Government taking any part in native education ; and as he was in a state of great bodily weakness (it was shortly before his deatb) the emphatic earnestness of his manner made a deep impression on mo. .Ee hbad, no doubt., deeply reflected upon the impossibility of the Government giving Christian education, and upon the objections to its giving education without religion; and it mmse have occurred tobhinthatevenifthe difftcilty which attended the teaching of Christianity by the Government had been got over, it would only hAve ainded us ia a tt zeligion, * Literally, mako pupils or disoiples of all nations. t Education Report from the Government of Agra to the Government of India, Oct. 31, 1855. t The complaint that Christianity is wounded in the house of her friends, began with the first Protestant miqsionaties, Z!egenbali and Plutscho, In the year 1706. ur In the s-x years fromi 1S27 to l833the Buropeau society of Delni never assembled for Divine worship except on the rare occasion of a cbaplain passing through the place. How different it would have been if every man's conscience had been brought to the standard of the la-w and of the testimony at least once a week; and how much good a resident chap. lain might have done, even among the native population, espeCally 1f he had pessessed much a knoliedge of the Hi", dnstani language and of the history of Christianity ani Mahomedanisni as would have enabled him to hold his own In conversation with the intelligent and, in their own way, highly educated native gentlemen with wrhom he would hyve had freqneit intercoi,rae, l;nowledge of the truthI. Without precisely knowing on wvhat foundation the moral principles of Christianity rest, they see the beauty of them and profess themselves enthusiastic admirers of them. They are more hbenest and truthful than the natives who are brought- up under the old system, and are for that reason generally preferred in makiiig appointments to the public service. Even supposing them to remain in this middle state, they are better than they were; but they cannot remain in that state. Human nature cannot do without the comforts and hopes of religion ; and least of all Hindu nature, wThich is not made of such stern and self-relying stuff as our Anglo-Saxon character. These natives must have some religion. They caunot go back to Hinduism. They show no disposition to turn aside to Maahomedanism. They must, therefore, go on to Christianity, towards which they are carried by the irresistible progress of events. All our hopes, both for ourselves and for our subjects, depend uion the duration of our fndian empire. According to the old unmitigated native system the M1ahomedans regard us as infidel usurpers of somie of the finest realms of Islam, and the Hindns as impure outca,ts, with whom no communion ought to be held; and the sole idea of improvement of both claeses is to sweep us off the face of the earth. The effect of a training in European learning is to give an entirely new turn to the native mind. The young men educated in this manner cease to strive after independence according to the original native model, and aini at improving their institutions according to English ideas; they cease to reggard us as enemies and usurpers, and lotk upon Us as friends and patrons under whose protection the regeneration of their country may be gradually worked out. This was Dointed out long ago, and it has been verified^by the result. The Bengal Native Infantry and its recruiting ground, Oude, were the strongholds of Hindu orthodoxy; and there were no stricter Maahomedans than those who filled the ranks of our cavalry. In the civil service the only native officers who have gone against us have been the thorough Mahomedan deputy-collectors and jOinlt magistrates. The numerous Anglicized Hindus holding similar situations have to a man remained faithful to us; and no class has been so conspicuous for its loyalty as the educated mitives of Calcutta and Lower Bengal. The testimony of the mutineers is decisive on this point. They would not have searched out all their countrymen who read and wrote English as suitable objects of plunder and slaughter if they had considered them favourable to their cause. Mnch stress has been laid upon the fact that Nana Sahib was acquainted with English; but this was not a case in point. Nana Sahib was a Mabratta chief, and his feelings and aspi-rations were those of the class to which he belonged. HIe had what he considered a grievance, and he thought he saw a field opened to his ambition. A superficial colloquial knowledge of English was, of course, insufficient to change the character of a man in this position. On the other hand, it is constantly 5aid that education without religious instruction fails to supply a motive for the performance of duty in this life or for ureparing for a better life to come, and that the Govern'nent ought therefore to give religious instruction. The form in which the proposition is commonly made is that the Bible ought to be taught in the Government schools. All will agree that the most effectual means should be taken to instruct the natives of India in the truths of Christianity; the question is, whether the Gorernnent should undertake to do it. The existing relation of our missionary bodies to the natives of India is extremely satisfactory. The prejudice against them has gradually given way; and they have passed tlhrough the late fiery trial without having been the special objects of popular suspicion or indignation. With such prospects as we now have before us, let us beware how we risk this position. No one can deny that we are chiefly indebted for it to the non-interference of the Govern. ment with missionary operations; and it is equally certain that the Government is still looked upon by the natives with distrust and jealousy in matters of religion. Tne exciting cause of the mutiny was a supposed design of the Government to take away the religion and caste of the Sepoys; and the additional strength we shall acquire by the suppression of the mutiny will not dimlnish the apprehensions of the natives. How did our ancestors feel when they suspected their Government of secretly working against their religion? How should we ourselves feel if James II. had succeeded in establishing the supremacy of Roman Catholicism in this country by means of 'Uis Trish army, and we had to submit to our children being instructed in the doctrines of that religion as the condition of their being received into seminaries of education ? A liberal education in Western literature and science is such an indispensable qualification for success in the public service in British India that the majority of our fellow-subjfets in that country would suifer under a serious civil disability if they could not participate in the assistance given by the State to secular education without consenting also to receive instruction in Christianity. It would hardly be proposed that the Bible should be taught by Hindus or Mahomedans, or by any persons of whatever nation who did not sincerely believe in its Divine origin and desire that its doctrines should take hold of the hearts and minds of the pupils; and this would necessarily iavolve the application of a test. But how would a religious test consist with the 8 th clause of the Act 3d nnd 4th of William IV., cap. 85, which is justly regarded by the natives of indla as a charter of their liberties ?- "And be it euacted that no native of the said territories, nor any natural-born subjoet of His Majesty resident therein shall, by reason only of his religion, place of birth, descent, colour, or any of them, be disabled from holding any place, ofice, or employment under the said Company." Considerations of this kind are, however, trifling compared with those derived from the world to come. Religion imparts a superhuman intensity to whatever it touches, and the natives of India are eminently a religious people. The whole strength of the empire has been put forth to subdue the revolt of a portion of our native army. WVhat if our whole native army and armed police force, the native States, and the majority of the population were hereafter to declare against us? Systematic violation of the rights of conscience is quite capable of producing such a result. The nationality of the natives of India is bound up with their religion; they concentrate in that one idea all the feelings with which Englishmen regard Magna Charta, the Bill of Rights, and every other guarantee of their civil and religious liberties.* To this some vwould reply :-" Nothing is further from our intention than compulsion; but let a class be established in every Government seminary for Christian instruction, which those who choose may attend." This, however, is only another application of the same principle. The Government would still usurp the office of the missionary. The produce of the taxes -would still be employed in propagating one religlon in preference to every other. Religious equality, which is the sacred principle of justice in connexion with the highest interests of man, would still be as far removed as ever. There would also be a constant cause of irritation and antaobnism in the same institutions between the conformists and nonconformists to the Christian teaching. Owing to the separation which has hitheito been maintained between Church and State in India, the divisions of the Christian world have not been exposed to the view of the heathen, and all who love Jesus Christ in sincerity have acted together as brethren. It is useless to aim at an unity 'which is inconsistent with the constitution of tlhe human mind, and would be certain to end in Btagnation if the attempt were made to enforce it by authority. If the Government were to teach Christianity, it must be according to the Church of EDgland, Church of Scotland, Wesleyan, Independent, Baptist, Roman Catholic, or some other form ; and who is to decide which of these it should be? The established church of England has no legal status in India above the other churches. Happily, it is possible to avoid the scandal of such a contest. The Indian vineyard is large enough for a11. The different branches of the Church of Christ may pre3erve their indi- viduality and unity of action within thermselve! while they co-operate with wholesome emulation ir ibeir Master's service. The' Western world wa' first converted to Christianity by efforts nrade on thE voluntary princ!pLe thc Reformation was broughi about in the same manner, and the evangelization of India will not be different. Mhen out Saviour said, " My kingdom is not of this world." and indicated by his parting directions to His distiples that " teaching" (paOairEbatarE 7r6vra r2 90;V V*) was the appropriate mode of propagating His doctrines, he must have intended to produce some practical effect. The Hindus in vain put forth the strong arm of power againit the lB3uddhists, and the Mahomedans against the Hindus; but the kingdom, of Christ, which will bo the last and greatest, wili be estabished by the " sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of ,Gotl." We could not hope to trample out the old faith in blood and ashes, as the Reformation wa% suppressed in Belgium-and what would be gained merely by irritating ? Does Ireland, where the experiment has been made under far more lavourable circumstances than can be hoped for in India, offer any encouragement? And what would be the value of converts made under the influence of fear or favour? What security should we have that they had not merely added hypocrisy to their other vices ? Our own religious divisions here in England, although far less than those which prevail in ndia, have made it impo-sible for us to agree upon an united plan of education; but from. the collisioa of different opinions has been struck out the grant-inaid system, *which vras extended to India in 1854. This is the true Eolution of the much vexed questioa of religious education. Far more may be done by encouraging private effort than by the direct action of the Government. The English in India take a warm interest in the improvement of the natives; the English in England have, at last, awoke to a sense of their duty to India; and the natives themselves are not only craving for instruction, but are disposed to aid the good work by liberal contributions and eindowments. The part which the Government has to perform is the establishment of universities on the plan of the London University and the Queen's University in Ireland, for the purpose of testing and certifying the attainments of such students as may present themselves for examination; the providing instruction in branches of knowledgewhichareof so special and advanced aldnd thattheyare beyond thereach of private associations, such as law, medicine, civil engineering, geclogy, charmistry and metallurgy, and the fine arts; and, above all, the maintenance of an efficient system of inspection over all schools and colleges which desire the pecuniary assistance of the Governmaent, or the guarantee for efficiency and for the faithful application of appropriated funds which such a supervision would afford. Free scope would then be given to every religious persuasion, and it would be seen ahich would be best supported by its intrinsic merits and by the zeal and intelligence of its adherents. MTe inspectors would take care thata good practical secular education was given as the condition of the Government grants, and the religious instruction would be left to those who were responsible for the local management of the schools. So far as this system has proceeded the missionaries have no reason to complain, as may be exemplified by the following statement of grants-in-aid made in the Agra Presidency up to the end of April, 1856: Ths' schools at the chief stations of districts in the North-Western Provinces are "managed for the most part by different missionary bodies," and " the important collegiate missionary institutions at' Benares and Agra are presided over by gentlemen of high acquirements and character, and -their friendly and liberal competition with the Government colleges at, those stations inites both to a greater degree of effort 'and iraprovement."t If the missionaries go on as they have begun, I see no limit to their power of giving a Christian character to native education. Everything depends upon their possessing the confidence of the people. Subject to this condition, a slight degree ot assistance in money or books, or the offer of oocasional advice and superintendence, will bring under their influence aU classes of seminaries from the village school to the endowed college, the' main support of all these institutions being derived from local, aided by pubic funds. There is a great want of teachers in the present elementary state of educatlon in India, and there is no way in which missionary funds could be'employed to greater advantage than in establishing a good English and vernacular training and model school in each province. The risiDggenerationbecomes thewhole nation in the course of a few years, and the Indian youth are in a more than ordinary degree imitative and capable of being easily moulded. Another potent engine for the formation of the national mind is the construction of a vernacular literature of which English will be the storehouse of knowledge and the Christian religion the source of inspiration. The inmportance of the "I nlgar tongue" was seen in our own Reformation; and it is a h2upy circumstance that the Brahnminical and Mahoinedan priesthood, in their desire to keep the people in a state of ignorauce, have left this ground unoccuDied for us. The time and talent of India have been wasted to a surprising extent in learning words as distinguished from ideas. When the laws have been made accessible to the people by an intelligible digest, Sanscrit, Arabic, and Persan will cease to be studied, except for philological and antiquarian purposes, and the national mind will be set free for the cultivation of the spoken languages of the governors and governed, which will be united by the bond of a common printed and written character. Example is better than precept, and there is no test of the true nature of a system like its practical effect. The character and conduct of the English is therefore an element of the highest importance in t'he evangelization of India. The church of England here assumes her proper place. Her machinery, although less suited for aggressive action, is excellent for ediilcation ;tC and there is a general recognition of her claims as the teacher and. guide of the Euro-| pean community. But for this pUrDOSe her ministers must be welvl selected. It is trifing with the souls of men and the interests of nations, to make these appointmeuts on the narrow and uncertain grounds of favour and patronage. All who think they have a vocation to tread in the steps of Buchanan, Thomason, and Martin should be able to apply for an Indian chaplaincy; and proper persons should be charged with the duty of judging of their fitness, and of seeing that they acquire the elenients of the native languages, the first difficulties of which are more easily got over with the help of a well instructed European teacher than of a Munshee or Pandit. If it were generally known to what a degree our civil and military officers in India represent the moral power of this country, more attention would be paid to these important bodies of public servants. It is entirely wrong and indefenaible that appointments to the Company's army in India should be a convenient mode of providiug for young men who, owing either to miiconduct or incompetency, are unfit for the English professions. All who possess certain qualifications should be invited to offer themselves; the best should be selected, and they should then be subjectedJ to a short period of probation and of special instruction in the vernacular languages and military science in this country before they are finally appointed. Two of *Evidence taken before the Seleot Committee of the iHouse of Commons on steam communication with India in 1837. t The following extract from the report of the Direotor of Public Instruction under the Agra Govemrament, datsd the 3d of October, 18S5, relates to the Saugor School:" The fRet. of a Churnar heading the second Persian class with 282 marks out of 300, the second boy being a Rajput, the four next Brahinins, the seventh a Kaith, and the elohth a MIussulman, is deserving of note. The admisaion of the Chumar into the school had been violently opposed; some Brahmins left in consequence, but the committee remained firm, wbile the judicious treatment of the delica'e question quieted tho objecting parties. A similar case oczurred a few months ago at the Badaon school, when the quiet determination of the authorities gained the day." The same thing had frequently occurred before, under the sanction of the Commictee of Pnblio Isstraotion at Calcutta. the most povrerful sprivgs of huilan action are the desire a man has toadvance hin own interest and to provide for his family; bult in the military service of the Company th-e are neatralized, as far as posaible, by pernicions 7egulations. Under a strict Seniority system proi)otion cannot be earned either by professional acquireraents or by distinguished good conduiet; nor (can is be forfeited by any m4conduct which does not render an officer amenable to the sentence of a court-martial. The ready-niade marriage settlements created byt'e civil and military funds equ_ally take effect whether the husband and father is provident ana frugal or self-indulgent and overwhelmed with debt. The pecaliar form of the purchase system which has lately been introduced into the Indian army, and the readinesswith which the banks accommodate young officers with loans on each other's security for that and other objects, also exercise a very depressing inlluence on the morade of Anglo-Indian society; while the heavy expense which officers incur in purchasing their ownl quarters, and the freauent changes of station, almost inevitably involve them in pecaniary embarrassment. Lord William Bentiack called attention to another powerful lever of Indian improvement in the following wvords :-" Every indigo and coffee plantation, the Gloucester Mills, the works of overydescription that are moved by steam, the iron foundries, the coal mines worked after the European fashion, and the other great establishments that we see around us in Calcutta, are so many great schools of instrnetion, the founders of which are the real improvers of the country ; it is from the same sources that we must expect other schoolmasters of new and improved industry."* The schoolmasters shouild not, however, also be the tylants of the people, wvhich they certainly will be if they are erected into a dominant aristocracy by partial legislation. The other evil consequences of the mutiny would, be trifling compared with this. All we know of high-handed insolence elsewhere would faU short of what would take place if the iron and clay of the -English and Bengalee characters came into contact under these conditions. We are already too mnch disposed to look upon the natives as a people over whom the Anglo-Saxon was boea to donuneer. While otur Indian Government has, on the one hand, invited suspicion and encroachment bysensitive timidity, it has, on the other, prohibited self-in molation and infanticide, abolished slavery, withdrawn from open connexion with idol temples, and permitted the remarriage of widows. It is time that our policy should be clearly defined. To rule with diligence, and to protect all casses of personz in the exercise of their lawful occupations, is the special duty of Governments; and no advantage can be gained by a confusion of functions. Our influence as a Ohristian Government wir chiefly depend upon our fuU lncd successful discharge of this duty. We cannot legielate for India as we should for a Christian country. Polygamy is an immoral and degrading practice, but nobody in his senses would propose to abolish polygamy by law in the present state of India. To prohibit the obscene representations with which the idol temples and cars are covered would be to turn iconoclasts on a grand scale, and to attempt to piut down the Hindu religion by force. If we would avoid a violent reaction which would put an end -o all hope of improvement, we must follow rather than anticipate public opinion; and to enlarge the knowledge of the natives, and to induce them to take correct views, is therefore the condition of al solid progress. In dealing with immoral and inhuman practices which arise fromfalse religion we must consider time and circumstances; but a great deal may be done consistently 'with a prudent regard to practical results. The courts and offices have always been closed on Sunday, and Lord Hardinge extended the observance to the public works; but, in addition to this, public business is suspended in deference to certain heathen festivals, the longest of which occurs at the busiest time of the year. Every public servant should be allowed a certain number of working-days in the year for recreation, and the particular time at which each person takes his vacation should be a matter of mutual arrangdement ; but the public offices should, as a general rtile, not be closed except for the. necessary seventh day's rest. Caste is at the root of half the social evils of India. It is the life of Whlin polygamy; it promotes infanticide; elevates certain classes at the expense of others whom it holds in a state of the most abject degradation, forbilds the commonest offices of charity, and destroys all the kindly affections of our nature. The Government ought not to interfere In an arbitrary manner with any man's caste; but let men of every caste and of no caste at aU be equally admitted into the public service, and when they have been admitted let them be dealt with alike, and let not caste be pleaded-as a ground of exemption from any duty. Caste would thus be placed on the same footing as drunkenness, which is not permitted to be pleaded as an excuse for any offence. If this system is faithfully acted upon, the,School-bench,t the railway carriage, the public office, and the regimental company, in all of which the Christian, the Mahomedan, theBrahmin, and the Sudrawill be found side by side, will in a few years extract the sting of caste and reduce it to its proper level. These are, however, only the outward manifestations of a deep-seated disease, and if we would do effectual and permuanent good we must endeavour to operate upon the root of the evil. Many years ago some gentlemen at Calcutta formed a society to discourage cruel native practices, such as the exposure of the sick upon the banks of the Ganges and the swinging on hooks fastened through the muscles of the back at the Charak Paij; bnt when they examined into the subject they found that these practices were so mixed up with the Hindu religious system, and grew so directly out of it, that nothing short of the conversion of the natives to Christianity wonld effect any real moral change. The Government has done all it can to pult down Thuggee, but the seeds of Thuggee lie deep in the Hindu religion; and the moment the repressive force is removed Thuggee will spring up and flourish as much as ever. "E ither make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt and his fruit corrupt; for the tree is known by his fruits." The chief difficulties of our civil administration are traceable to the same source. WVhat can be done for a people who dare not compIlain, who habitiaUy disregard the truth, and who, when they are intrusted with power, too often deceive the Government and oppress their fellowcountrymen? We must, of course, do what we can, by paying well and punishing well, and administering cheap and simple justice; but the only effectual remedy Ls to begin at the foundation by educating the young and infusing as much Christisn principle as po.sible into native society. It is a great mistake to estimate the progress made towards the evangelization of India only by the number of persons baptized If Christian truth is presented to the native mind by every available avenue, what is known in modern phrase as public opinion, will at last turn decidedly in its favour, and then a nation will be born in a day. I have the honour to be. c- INDOPHILUS. London, Dec. 16,1857.
T's EAGLESHAM MrJURDER.-We understand that in addition to the tacit admission of his guUt mado by the prisoner Thomson while on his way to Paisley on Thursday night, on Saturday he moro fully and more formally acknowledged his guilt. He says that his mo. tive for committing the crime was to obtain possession of the small sum of money which he suspected his victim was possessed of, and that it was only on seeing tho poor gitl fall upon the floor, after having partaken of the poisoned draught of beer, that he was strtuok with a sense of the fearful pasition In which he had placed himself. The prisoner was viited on Saturday by Mlr. Sheriff Glasgow and Pro. vost Brown, to whom he expressed a wish that the Rev. Ir. Aitken, of the North Churoh, Paisley, should be re. quested to visit him. TIis selection of this gentleman arose troin his having heard him preach while in the prison of Paisley previous to his trial. Thomson, wre believe, appears fully alive to thoe awtf a nature of his position and of the necee,i5y of t,iIo88 ir.§ the advice given ham by the Lord Ju;stice.Cierk to nitke the most of the short time allow6d i him for prepatm-g ( a bta; tlly -Wt.- ow Da i'y ZIIeil,
* THB LArDJ3G PF. TI,E FIMtUSTE,.- IVALK~BR THE PIMTIzV NICARAGiUA, (From tho Jew York HeradU.) The new.s of the landing of Walker in Nicaragua, 'which ve pnftbh this morning, will take by surprise those who bave izissted on sending hime to the bottomu of the Gulf of Mexico. and is confirins in every point the judgment we have on several oucasions expr&med recently, after a fall examination of the atteuding circumepauces. The bDld Ftlibuster landed on Scott's vharf, at Pnnta Arenas, oppoisie Glreytown, on the t%b ult., with 1l50 men, according to the telegraphio despiatch, baving landed 50 as the Colorado mouth of the river, which be tried, as we supposed he would, but could not enter. This is a smaller number of men than ho wasretiorted to hamaetken awAy fronm New Orleans and fiobile, andthere will be mwch carioity toknow what has becomheof therestof his force. Thelatnding operation, it seetns,kvas. boldlyand suacesafuiyoeffected, underfull view of the Uitied States' sloop-of-war Baratoga, thr Fashion passing close under her stern, vwith only 10 men om deck, to lull suspioion. The whole thing has betn managed with great skDl, and doubtless soiae good fortusa- a*nd , lttle more of the samae tact and lack in the faturewlfl settle the whole batch of ulestions, from the Claytc-Balwer treatr down to Joe White's Canal Company grant, and save to Molina, Eecalante, and Sir Willian Gore Omseley an immense amount o' sharp diplomatic negotiation. The history of General Wal3ker for the 30 days previous to his landing in Nicaragua is more prolific in graphic titna. tlons and tbrilliDg inesaents than the best romance of the century. On the 25th of October he was looked upon as a broken-down adventurer, begging a few dollars on the pretext of returning to Ws Presidency in Nicaragua. A week later and the Unitaed Sates'Marshal wra after him. Oaxthe 11th of Novmber he vwasa prisoner before the UnttedState' Circait Court at'New Orleans. The 'whole Filibuster plan seemed to be upset. Giving Vail to appear and answer, hastarted for Mobile with hisnen, having cleared his steamerfor Greytown. Transferred to the Fashion on the 12th, heremained agrounad in the bay two days, doing his utmost to' getaway. At this time the last puffs of a gle lwere blowing~ vwhlch would probably have swramped him had he got to sea. On the 14th he got off, and the Filibuster plan was all right again. Then the cuttera were sent after him, and the ships of the navy were watching at every pohntto catch him. a'e would surely be caught. He tries the Colorado, au4 fate 'was against him; his steamer could not enter. What can be done? The San Juan Is the only avenue to enter Nca, ragna, and a man-of war lIes there to catch him. Doubt now Is defeat. Crouching beneath the deck of his crowded craft, he runs boldly in, and on the 25th of No. vember once more hoists his Xag on Nicaraguan soil, and prepars to defend h"s claim as President of the R° . public. The question now is, who will touch him? We are told that the American and British vessels of 'war at Aspin. wall hastened up to Greytown on learning that the Fillbusters had run through their well-spread nets; but they can do nothing. The Clayton-Bulwer treaty protects him. Neither the United States nor England can land any forces in Central A merica, nor exercise acts of jurisdiction there, except by mvutual agreement. So reads the treaty. We niust flst hear from London, and then my Lord Palmerston must arrange with General Cass how to arrest the Filibusters. By the timne these two opposite poles of diplomacy can come to a mutual understanding Walker the First may be past all catching, and a new page opened in the world's history. r(From the ZTcsc York Commercial Inquirer.) Our Government is either deplorably insincere or daporably ineffloient in its dealings 'with the land pirate Wfalker. That desperado did not cease to proclaim, aftr he lauded at New Orleans last May, that he should organize a new expedition and return to Nicaragua. The fact was notorious througb the summer and the fall, that he was making good that declaration by diligently pushing forward all needfal preparation. By the niddle of September the Central American Xinisters at Washington, finding that no notice of these movements was taken by the Administra. tion, addressed a note to the Secretary of State, deolarIng that there was no doubt that sach an expedition 'was aboat to leave our shores, and requesting that it might be prevented from leaving, and that " positive orders be given to grevent the landing of said Fllibustres on that coast." The 3ecretery of State responded to that solicitation by sending out circulars to the United States' officials in New York, Now Orleans, and other ports, enjolning them to use all diligence to vindicate the neuorality laws against an expedition "so manifestly prejudicial to the national character, and so injurious to the national interest." Walker cared for none of these demonstrations, having Iarned, donbtless, from past experience, their real 'worth. He went straight oR in the completion of his plans tUll every. thing vw in readine.s. Then, it was, and not until then, that the Government interfered by practical action. The Filibuster chief was arrested iu-New Orleans, and put under S2,CCO bonds to appear five days afterwards for preliminary examination. A band to that insignificant amount, of course, would not operate as tbeslightest restraint-upon an undertaking such as his and nobody 'was surprised to hear that within lews than 24 homrs he was on his way to Nicaragua with his, fellow-pirates, he having eludei the Government vessels on our oown coast by the .lniple expedient of making a d8our to Mobile. The next that is heard of him is his running his vessel, in broad daylight, under the very guns of the IUnited States sloop-of. war Saratoga into the port of Panta Arenas, Nicaragua. We know not what instructions the commander of that vessel may have received, or 'whether, In fact, he hbad received any; but it is certain that he did not exercise proper vigilance. He seems to have been affected with very much the same feebleness of perception as the New Orleans officials. If the administration really meant the language it used in Its circulars, and in the last Message of the President, It has certainly been very unfortunate in the instr. ments it has used to carry out its purposes. Thedisagreement between doctrine and performance is so great that we fear an nncharitable 'world will persist in thinking that' design had quite as much to do with It as chance, and the connivance of the principals quite as muclx as the unfaith. fulness of the agents. Bat, exonerateng as we feel bound to do the Administration from bad faith even at the expense of its capacity, what must now be done? Walker is on Nicaraguan soil with hundreds of citizens of the United States at his back, bent upon another crael war against itsrulers and its people. Our Government has already pronouncedc upon the validity of the present administration of Nicaragua by recoiving its representative, Mr. Yrisarrl, and negotiating 'with him a treaty guaranteeing, on our part, the protection and neutra. lity of the transit route, and providing for the mnaintenanca. of a free port at each extremity. This treaty, although its precise terms have not yet come to light, cannot but be substantially a protectorate of this very important port of Nicaragua; and so tho President himself virtually affirms it to be, for in his message he declares he deems it his duty "to tako care that all the communications across the isthmus shall not be interrupted either by invasions from our country or by wars between the independent States of Central America." Walker has already, according to a private letter we pub. lish, despatched men to seize various places on the river, and this action of itself imposes upon our Government, in obedience to the treaty, to interfere and rid the region of the marauder. Walker left the country before the treaty was signed, and was probably unaware of its stipulations, or he wonld not have so hastily created a case for the interference of our Government. He would not, at least for the present, have made the river the base of his operations. He having done this our Government Is under the most solemxr obligation to use its forces now on the coast against him, and to cooperate with energy in all plans to ex;pel the insv-ader. It is throngh its default that WFalker is in Nicaragua at all; and for that default It can atonte only by redoubled energyiaarrestiDg his mnovements and thwartinghis schemes. The attitude it will take will be looked for wFith great interest. Our country will be deeply dishonoared if Walker is not speedily checked in his line of villainy.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Some weeks ago an article appeared in your paper respecting the captivity of 20 or 30 Englishmen in the island of Borneo. I beg to recall to your remembrance the loss of three East Indiamen in the autumn of 1849,-the Greyhound, Sylph, and another. It was known that after leaving Singapore they must have sustained a heavy gale; and it was by many supposed that, probably being disabled, they became an easy prey to the piratical force then devastating the Straits of Sunlda, Mloaacca, and the China Seas. I know from my young son, a mldshipman in the Greyhound, that her cargo was principaUy cotton; the Sylph's betel.nut, it was said; and a supply of these two articles Etddenly and in an unexplained manner entered the Chinese market. This known fact tended to encourage the idea ot these ships having boen taken by plrates, who had oftem found goods disposable in China, it Is surmised. May I hope that your powerful aid will be given on this ocasilon for the reseae of these poor captive countrymen t Even ff I still be bereaved, this must reman a woman's 'wish and a mother's prayer. I can hardly hope that you will insert this in your pages, yet it might meet some eyes who could tellus more than we now know on this subject. I am, Sir, with the utmost respect, V--1 nsnnA n-O, J. G. Jersey, Dec. 26.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMlBS. Sir,-In an article on " AeratedBreadn a few days sinee; it is stated that there is a tendeaoy in England to substitute white bread for the brown or black foraorly used. As a. " country cousin" my experience is just the reverse. The white stuffeaUed '- baker' bread"' is universally loathed in the country, and we find that no present is so acceptable to the " proud citizen of London" as good, wholesome, brown, home.made bread. The following quotation from an old French wfriter (Stephen Perlin, a physician), In the thmc of Queen Mfaz, descriptive oi' the habits of the people of "]England and Scetl.aed" will sbow tbat the same differenoa lathe diet of this country and of France, in regard to bread. existed then 8S now: "They use a great deal of beer, doable and single, and they drluk it not in glaswes but In earthenware pots, of which the handles are of silver and the cover; and this in houses where they are rather rich; for among the poor the covers of the beer-pots are merely of pewter, and s some paces above villakes the beer-pots are only ot wood. They use much whiter bread than in. France, and it was in my time as oheap as in France; and with their beer they huve a custom or using very soft cakes, In which there ar raisins, aud which make you fIndthe double beer very good; and I have had formerly at the Rie, a seaport, as good as ever I drank in any country in the world," YoeR. &C.. HOUisEIOLD). I 6t. Ieovs, uec. 2. URYSrAL IALcA:.-OINU i li.Lnio DAY, TI-esday, Nec. 29.-Admigsions on panernt, t9,U9; dittoby sek' t sou tick-ets, l,lt! , tv*"l ViAO2z 9=;
SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GOVERNMENT k7BONDS.-The South Auntreittw Bankn Comp$Y" eoente, PAY the amontt due In London ou tte lIst of Januny 18,8 Cu the Bond, tluaed tn virte of ttoe vrious Aol. of Council selating to the City and Pew% and gawlr Town Iatl'wy., the Improvemeunt Of the Hesbounr of Fort AdelaIde, and the City of Adelaide Water Works and DraLnaee. The Bonde (or Qoupoo. aa the 0483 may be) mauat be left for examinatioti at leadt one day be-fore aDDriteatloee for the esoney, tke ppment. being mAde between thre houre ot i and 3 londom. Dee. 29, 1857. WIIAM EtlDY, }ler. NTHW SOUTH WALE GOVERINMZNT DE. BSNTURE.-The Bank of New South Wale wil PAY the HALFYEAB's INTEB7T, due on the let Janua. 1858 on tbe Mebentures iamed unuder the authority of the Goienmmant Aaways Act, MR14 sud the Fubilo Works Ioens Act, 18n8 and negotiated throgh thu Bank. The Iutees=t0Couponsmrust belet three cleardays for ezominatlon. and forms foet speiiyn the seine mary be bad on ap' ipieseton akt the Bank. JOHN 1IMPSON, Secretar. Bank of New South Watsl, London, Dec. 1, IS7. >lcIrt specifi Jnug the a-et onaylbelhe de bo etes Tbreadneedletre.et, Londoun Dec. 9.1857. Ideema.p5i~0~ LDHE!)on the above BONDS, negotiated by I acioer. Deni, and Oo., do onthe let of' January ~~~~~te ...w 'on that day &ad eveyi rubequet dy(xcet Sturday), between' the hours of 11 and TheCouons wih ahatIn numerical order, muet be left1 two olear day prviosl fo extnnaton,Prnte fanamay be obtained pon ; BpleHeULonJ attttheoffof a Maacllore, Dent, eJNDa of ATe t S o,ALATAMA -Th Unxiton Ba%nk of London ace Dreded to PAY 9uch of the aboveue-medl SECURITIES Fa become due on the let of January, 1883. The Bonds are to be i0t One clay fOr examination, and cbeques for their amounts wil be ready on the following mbretnn. ER MAJsT~I' THEARE..Ficco1omlnje 1 The orderla. Beilett Ald@OE1igilce Viale Ottl and GluL-I Trove. T,reovLatorae.aa. Luciza6, La Fils del PEte~gIment and La Favorita, _ iFven,Thry LUCI D, LAMEoO Allbt Etherbayesand 9tll havingbe diaLpmeredofor th rPrenatloYl o. Pth5th an.d. 3et bofe So Muri. 15 Tam~ine w-,opned.- Superbal De.o6ed.-The (ohl b Dtour ro ) indt one Urptaoir £T2he grantit^le, t£atore .atio salt 1er three ' l; cerboxes. t,t-A Grand Mc ag Perf,Is cd ~aiks. 2.: 1, ApiOa one it th e omacdr at he bo x-offoc trom~~~~G lu'm tlUch t;;edL et gbttmdn boremi EATRB ROYJACK HAYDM o,IARKquETAB .- THEATRE ROYAL, ADR5IPESYL-aI -Lesre ordoeverEvtening. Tran ende ntl bauIti Gorgeon bend es. On. * Thel artet tIaneosatn add zaralet1 eceine beyond rmpeione.-AB Gralnd onn PIrforanc Amesetwednbeday a det2loclock;d ors pat hel.pat 1.T n EVENING to B.TE I EVENIeAt(w}.te_oicdam f O M OH rAt Go THIr C tas itrcme of Lthe TL JACs BOUldE ;or Harle quin A B C eccenoeyb Mr.Pt. W. Bevwerley, 'TwHareq ut>in,,Mesr Miano and th aie 'toJ l 6. ted th r o the l t a Agne s: tor Colubiunes adameBioandAR ae^E, PrDI,n Sipl man ca-lo. bee To awe sd a Aurlol at by cirle ,Of boxs..d.dre= tre, 4s,T ; ePan e;ei PETVGen nr. ISa. d., £ Ia. £1 le.Mr.W.an £2 Se. M.e bog'oflcmy op endil fro 1 til ude tO drectHiono Er . Ceratoon. Boxes unlitb etale ma als beObtane at Hall the princia thrre an mus lo.t aellera'.o ~tdob,Mr ilf moL h EVENING, andrdringth weed SPnnoD The PLuGHi ofth pnc~rdle. Tr. Coritod aMd W.m Brren D. Rges, Mane, Fmer Griffith, ,iss r. _Te.annAWrwht: new gand omic biem. ar atOmim, te onite THE I,MssLEEPIN SEA UTY IN THE orHarleun n teSitfl ar Thescnrof the arg story pinted byo. Wit lulm Cau;IArl TeV Mrt. -4 rtOIrUUDeItg Etro,lutoilne stn, r4arSseu Wumbt h PUtI Mar.equnaby Cees. Morri. an2de O'Cono The munle on te^ eniesntotomi mrte arranged and omposdby at . 8 d epilThne. Ve not heSieul Fairyr neo, 0mr. Clag rk; nly Mii 2'lokandcnyluright ath Ki NgwAraet of Spndeom r. (oe' heriness Roytal,s tbmiay boie LetcreT.; orng rince T B ind the FlleIoman; Har lequin Mr. Arthu Lerlero Columbne, Mi fre "anny Wiget; wPabentoo rt. ayr Cblown. M. Chearl Lri the Drw noex s on uer TaEls,.3M . LPouia pLecerrq eis. }d Btoei Derom boxef the tilfrthe notic, c;mmencing praiel at Th publick and concludin at 4, Nwda A. Iangeents ofnpAm Prtrs:chetrsAm s Ealst(Hicaymh reinied te wol o thoe andO foLrle which ther wDill be nox boxes, Is. pit, B. galltery DteIs, dm W TpErS bxs, 2,.; ph, is. WBPTer SeOZd Pric-H Dres boxe, .. *~~~~~~~C. Tihe publi arE eotflsOaUin y iformed that the uper ralery 6s abolih and that there wil ho Bxt one gallery oren. capable of oontalninr 80 pern. drama o The Woeptu of the Wihtn'Wilv Madaeme of let IBin er original chand Paul Bdd y sercese Iot fdeh U ta n a nd Comi c ano i e drt Olnae at this thefrHs. l!SEVAENINI QUEEN WEP hr tOF and 85ranaornti-bng, cale r ExanAN tD THIE DOGE OF DUaRU,TO WIltn Fshe aett Clumin z a l'italeuel. Micaon G.aryX Kee]Wtgau,i G.trlue.bo; Ecllb) Kerrsu Hend b,erso etaon r Beckinhahm; Ponhnlo r L armuIe. H,.Bdod Desar' celebrated teoupe Of d monbkeys. R BraL PrCESS' ATEN wbero .nted RIHAD Ric TNIGH er Tor (huse' Monday nex. Ja. p r. M _ar a .rano tse tumwooyearinthe candacteroftHamlet ALLAL H YR1: zEAT le ANDTim .L1 Mnaer XEmNGChale Tt llE -TI EVENING* wil be pee. Mie tooJutb. gr l on.To conue ihCh urlsu andb pso Qmso LALLA,,,, 500BO Ac) THU Pi]apBnCifS TEPE, N TROUBADOU'R; Ghber of the Desrt. M,~~~~ Diln bykigamWit,ElM TeFM ehM aos ndWogn Mr ast Traneormalon cene,Dooi ope at mel.p, 6 o commene GatV the oyrof he icesedVictalIee'Schol illatnd, an ox.odlce~i ~ TRAND TEATEE.-T IS VEUIG,.-M.A The, higb hl sucessu bPlsuePnoimafnALQ AN VEEiTARAND THE PIOHEWO3Ol RHAT Calowun, Miss reow avend Cbolumie dlDu Temr Ia.: boee,2o,;it,l LS ommoncat*. To-moBEAT BwNATOA (TusTayNDwM AR TRHEATRE io ASihcrdtch.-T mHISLEVEiNGS.d.To cmence with the doge at baneforpasti 7 c, s Tococlde theoe meu atE MINU'ElGockA Ta OYALSOHO RTYAL,TRE.'-LAn vryEen .TIS it teVBestGh Panommse InLonon-mALrxTL KACK ABOiJiiery AIIDe ETHede bAIyTObU OFHECOAL IOOLANDS, Clw,terenowed Abel StAalls, s boxes hr.: picktonea. H rc et9ChIldenm at 'neor HRAJT'STHEATRE .Y La Trav Mdamiate,te halOprt riadertheopr cmAemence.f Mr. oChalock. a ILIOHARD LIL e Mic KlbrdI. Tlr.&nlt.Ken qenM0 THIS VENIN onluds withsthenaw pantomaime, LI TLE JACk HORLITPCA; or, Tarequzin AB ,mn the Enchiantd Rsiue ofdr TOYATR BOYAMIt AMBE TROYEAELNG, PEE THE POUH:b Mrer Shppodle, LeW, e Farrnd omuon, 3to. Chearmes Diliwilm Ternan. do. Afte, which,the paiiieo ToE SLRue ithI BEOUAUTYONRTH WoOD; or, rqeuin and teeeo the Spile ary, THEATRE ROYA1 . BADI -ELPaL Prorito es, Whebhe DirWentofr MadameCeLese THLIS EVHUNG, THE WP HOF TUO WISukTON-WIsH:Mr PantmIme HALEQUN AN TH LOVN OFCAPT-1I ND ~'SYCHB ; MiseWilton, ;or JY Rely Bliaon; Meosses Bdfod obeBunders thekManagemnt ofb Laud.Chre en SURRErY THNATRE, Leee esss.Shphed ndCre.wiok. THiS KVIt"IG, KN FATIL With QUEEN' MAR or, Haerlequin Romneo and Julet Queen Mab, MImE. We'oter * Romen Ma. Beinnore JuIet,K Mr1. Taping Hiarlequin MSr. Clover: C,lumn' hire, Piss D Wilnnth Clw,by the Sur8 Buck; Sprite, You4t ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Le.esandM Ma Ageir. WilEiam CoDoke, TH1IS EVENING, THOBT%RMlNG AND CAIPVUIE OF DELHI. Succeeded by cenes In the Cicle. Oonclding with the new cmlIn santommm of DON QUIXOTE AND HnI STED ROMNHT:; or, Hrleqin ancho Paian. Commence at. TO COEEXSPOW NWNM Our readers are requested to observe that tho price of The Timw la reduced to 4d., and that 5id. 6 the price of a copy with the im ressed dtamp affixed. Under the amended r=tilatlons of the Post-offloe (No. 60) 27Tc Tim i traamible by pt to British colonies and foreign countries wAthout an tmprfssed stamD. No notloe can be taken of suonymous communleatlona Whalever Ig intended for Insertion must be authenticated by the name and addre of the writer- not neceswaily for publicatio, but a gaantee of if, good faith. We oannot undertake to retar r ejected commucortio om T 'Me pbUllcation of TA Tu3 srmeneed at 5 olock ysray morng, and Snirhed at &
, LONDOA, WBDNBEDA Y, DECEMBER 30, 1857. In the annals of ino1ent and unscrupulous ad-venture there is nothing to aurpa& the career of the so-called General WALR,' the Filibuster of Central America. This desperado has for the 6econd time landed on the Nicaraguan coast with a party of invaders, gathered from the streets of the southern cities of the United. States. The details of this new enterprise are so scandalous that it is probable hardly a man even of the laxest notions of political morality will venture openly to defend it. It is but a fewr months since the last shattered remains of the former expedition were rescued from the vengeance of the native troops, and conveyed to a place of safety, many of them in a British ship of war. And now we have the same leaders-WARa, H1NGNosaN, and others-openly organizing another force for the iuvasion of the same country, a region occupied by States wilh which their own Governmient is at perfect peace, and in whose quiet and prosperity the Union is most deeply interested. It will be remembered that President BUCHANAN made in Yia Meseage some strong observations on the conduct of the Filibusters, declared his intention to foil their schemes, and regretted that the New Orleans Executive should have allowed WAiaB to put to sea. And, indeed, the PzsIrnzDmT might well complain of the proceedings which have accompanied this outrage. For months,-indeed, from the time that WALKER returned to the States,it has been no zecret that another iivasion was intended. Money, it is said, has been furnished by persons of position in New York itself; at any rate, money has been forthcoming to clothe, arm, and transport several hundred men. Some time since it was known that WAIXEn was about to sail froma New Orlepns. The United Stated Government instituted proceedings against him, and the ase 'eame before the State tribunals. But what is the use of Executive interference and judicial forms when the community Is in a league to screen the offender ? New Orleans is proud of the spirit with waich it upholds slavery and the extension of slavery. WA.xzn is a favourite with the democracy of the city, and consequently, instead of being effectually restrained, he was merely held to bail, which bail he broke, and set off in the steamer Fa-hion from Mobile with about 200 men. On the 25th of November he landed at Punta Arenas, in Niceragua, the Fashion having pawsed close under the stem of the United States' sloop of war Saratoga. About 140 landed with WArEz, a-id 50 had been previously sent up the river by other entrance3. After landing the men, the Fashion proceeded to Aspinwall, where Comrnodore PAuLDiNG, of the United States frigate Wabash, a'empted to seize her; but it appears that, finding her papers cor. rect, the scrupulous Commodore could do nothing. WALKzE, at the latest advices, was waiting for reinforcements, and a steamer from Savannah and a brig from Galveston were daily expected to arive with them. On landing he had taken possession of the warehouse of the Transit Company, but was ordered off by the commander of the Saratoga, and then took possession of some native huts. It is also sad,-we know not with what truth,-that WA.xER had threatened in turn to arrest Lieutenant CinEY, of the Saratoga, if he did not immediately leave the shore. The Fili. buster leader had taken the steamer on the pretence of conveying emigrants to Nicaragua. "I don't know anything about their characters," says the captain of the Fashion. "I was told I was to land a couple of hundred "coffee planters at Greytown, and I hope I have "fulfilled my orders properly." Thi seeLms to be the usual tone of those on whose assistance or connivance the expedition depended. Everywhere the Filibusters found men who could be conveniently blind, or ignorant, or slmple, in order to interpose no obstacles to the design. We cannot but think that the Amerlcan authorities would have acted more creditably had they f-rustrated this scandalous enterprise, which will now probably result in fresh bloodshed and confusion. Whatever may be the constitutional posdtioIn of the Federal Government, it is a mere affectation to ery that it was unable to prevent a notorious ruffian like WAIB.a from gathering together his band, addressing them in Inflamnnatory speeches, avowing everywhere his designs on Nicaragua, and finaUly sailing from an American port with nearly 200 armed men. That the New Orleans mob sympatized with the adventurer, and that the law was not put In force to check him, are only what might be expected; but murely the PxsiDExT might have taken care that the vessel which conveyed him and his "coffee planters" should be seized in spite of so paltry a subterfuge as regular papers. The Saratoga, too, know nothing of WALCER till he landed, and the Wabash rspected the steamer which the horde had just quitted, simply because It had complied with the usual formalitiea on leaving port I It is plain to the world that men of all ranks and in all positions have been afraid to incur the unpopularity of stopping the adventurer. A party in the States support him, and an active party is more powerful than an Inert public. W..at in a friend to an enemy ? The intelligence and even the numerical majority of Americans would approve the conduct of any man who drove WALBEx back to port, or seized lis ship and stores; but no official, civil or rail Lry, has courage to face the anger of the unscrupulous a&nd vindictive faction which speculates in " WALRYR "Stcck."' However, we are not without hopes that thls man and his companions will meet with speedy discomfiture. We firmly believe the statement of our correspondent, that the great body of Americans, as of English, are against the Filibuster, and lookl hopefully to his being speedily starved out. Although advices from New Orleans state that his second in command, IEz%-w=8GszN, waa about to follow with 1,000 men, it seems likely that precautions will be taken to prevent any further force from joining. The British ships are on the alert, and the Americans will be equally determined when they find they are supported by popular opinion on the spot. The combined naval forces had sailed for spinwall and San Juan, and would, it was thought, prevent any reinforcement reaching the Filibusters. But, on the whole, this business is to be extremely regretted, not only on account of the material loBs it will cause, not only for the bloodshed which may attend it, but because it must certainly lower the reputation of the American people and Government. If the PRESIDENT and his Cabinet, and Congress, and the Anerican Army and the American Navy, end the community of American merchants in Nicaragua cannot prevent a settled territory from being ravaged by a gang of adventurers, what is the use of Executives or Legislatures, or international law, or municipal or niilitaxy I%vw, or, in fact, any human institution whatever? Here is a country which the highest interests of Amelica, as of England, require should be brought into a state of tranquillity. A few years' cessation from internal discord would probably be sufficient to turn it, certainly not into a community of powerful States, but into a fairly rich and pros. perous region. The geographical situation of Nicaragua has made its chief settlements places of importance, and a number of traders of all nasions are gaining an honest livelihood within its limibs. And all the prospect of this count.y and its settlers are to be marred by an irruption of Southern Bowdies, intent on nothing but plunder and means of idle indulgence. That the combined squadrons of the two nations will be able, with the co-operation of the Nicaraguan troops, to extirpate the whole brood, we moat firmlY hope. I.t is timne thlat for such proceedings Idue retribiition should be exacted, aud if WALmz, I HENNINGsEv, ANDERsoN, and the re5b should oa tbis occasion be treated as pirates a-d murderers the worid will have little cause to drop a tear of pity.
Another mail must arrive from India before we can become fully acquainted with the details of the operations in Oude, or the history of that remarkable siege which has at length been finally raised by the advance of our victorious army. There is, fortunately, no obscurity remaining about the principal results of the expedition. Lucknoyr has been relieved so successfully that the women and childrea immnured for months within the feeble defences of the Residency have been ac.ual'y transported to Cawnpore, and are now in safety. A junction has been effected between the force under Sir CoLrs- C =BEz's command and the smaller division with wbich BAvELoCo and OuT. r.AM originally penetrated into the rebel territory; the mass of insurgents, mutineers and marauders, assembled in Oude has been beaten with heavy loss, and our soldiers are masters of the field in the only disaffected portion of India. These are the great facts of the last despatches, and they are placed, we rejoice to say, beyond alL doubt. For the rest we must wait until fresh intelligence arrives, but the general tenour of the last reports is such as to strengthen the confidence and secluitynow universally felt. It is probable that the centre of the insurrection, so long as it can be said to retain any nucleus at all, will still be found in Oude. Therebels, though punished by a series of defeats in their strongest position, are still undispersed, and the latest information indeed now received tells us that they have not been entirely expelled even from Lucknow itself. Their numbers are large, their case is desperate, and the country contains between 450 and 500 forts of more or les pretension. It is reasonable to infer from sueh a combinatio-n of circumstances that the work of pacification in Oude may be both troublesome and tedious, but the forts referred to are probably in many instance contemptible, and in the eatimate given by Sir HENRY IvREN,cE their armaments barely average two guns a-piece. Although, moreover, the insurgents of Oude have shown considerable obstinacy up to the present time, in opposing IEABvLoCw's first and second advance, in closing round him after he had reached the capital, and in confronting the more powerful force brought up by Sir CoLm CAmpEm, it would be surprising if their resolution survived such a defeat as they have now received. The slaughter of 1,500 Sepoys in a single spot speaks of chastisement more severe than was inflicted either at Cawnpore or Delhi, and, as every day will add to the force at Sir Coiaa CAmpBBi&8s command, the hopelessness of the struggle must make itself irrsistibly felt. As long as enemies are abroad, however, It in hardly desirable that they should be assembled elsewhere than in Oude. The province is both conveniently remote from the capital and favourably exposed to our attacks. On the North it is threatened by the Government of Nepaul, in firm alliance with us; from the West It iB open to the advance of the levies which conquered Delhi, while from the East the fill torrent of our reinforcements is poured upon its plains The only rebel force of any significance still keeping the field against us in other quartsr is the Gwallor Contingent. These traitors arerepresented as numbering from 3,000 to 5,000 men. They have eight large guns and more than three times as many field-pieces, and the movements of so considerable a body have naturally been watched with some anxiety. From the reports received, however, wearedisposdtothinkthat they have lostthe chance of doing much mischief. That they possess the singular faculty of cohesion discernible in aU our miltary structures is sufficiently evident, nor do we doubt that their mechanical exhibitions of discipline would be very perfect indeed. Like other brigades of the Bengal Army, they would probably march with great regularity, deploy ith infinite precision, and perhaps even take up a position scientifically chosen; but we do not believe them capable of encountering our troops or our auxiliaries in the open field. They have been joined, it is said, by the mutineers of Dinapore, who still retain their outward organization, and who may have carried perhaps 1,200 or 1,500 men to the plac of muster. It is even intimated that the arch-villain NAsA SA}m has cast in his lot with this party, and, if so, we shall probably hear some account of hira before many weeks have elapsed. The original position of this contingent at Gwalior would have enabled it at an earlier period to throw, perhaps, a fatal weight into the scale against us at any one of the many points where we were contending for life or death. Even now the force was formidable enough to menace Cawnpore; but it retreated, either from cowardice or indecision, when General WnmDAx marehed out and offered battle. After this the whole body retired to Calpee, where, by the last advice; they remain. They are probably harmless, but the position they are thus permitted to maintain in the vicinity of the Great Triunk-road, and within 50 miles of Cawnpore, the base of our operations, shows that our troops have stil enough upon their hands. Of other rebel detachments we either hear nothing at all or that they have been utterly put to the rout. The second Mabratta contingentthat of HoLu&i?-has left a remnant, still troublesome, at that Prince' Court, but its strength is under 1,500 men, and It is already marked out for punishment. The remarks we recently offered upon the character of the isolated mutinies still occasionally announced are illustrated in a singular manner by the last intelligence from Calcutta. Three companies of a Sepoy regiment-of the very battalon, if its number is correctly given, which inaugurated the revolt of Barrackpore last spring-actally rose in ams at Chlttagong on the 19th of November, and marched upon Dacca. Dacca is at the very extremity of Lower Bengal, removed by nearly 1,000 miles from the North-Western Provinces, and diBtant but 187 miles frora the British capital, into which troops are pouring by shiploads. Yet some 300 Sepoy are thus braving on ita own territories a Governmont which even in its hour of weakness proved too strong for 100,000 revolters, and which is now powerful enough to aweep Eindostan from East to West. The utterly meaningless characterof theze insurrections could never be more Stan., ngly exemplified than in this act of folly, but such folly must be rendered imposible for the future, for its developments are murder and treason. The disturbance reported from B3ombay proves to be even lezs material than we had ventured to describe it. It is neither a military nor a popular movement, but a snseless ebullition on the part of some hiU tribes, who are probably the dupes of more designing agitators. There is nothing in the occurrence as at present related to suggest any concern, but it is remarlable that this locality sbould have been the wene of repeated though un- important outbreaks. The arrival of reinforcements wiU terminate every difficul In thi, as in other quarters. The resources of the Bombay Government have been hitherto surrendered with signal generosity for the exigencies of Bengal, but fresh troops are now coming up, and the affairs of that Presidency will commnand their turn of attention. The acknowledgments of the country have been fairly eamed by the authorities of Bombay. After denuding their own provinces of troops, they have succeeded by their vigilanco in detecting, and by their energy in crushing, the germs of an insurrection which might have been as terrible as that iu EHindotan. They contrived to make a little strength go a very long way, and, without mauch interruption of ordinary affairs, overawed the turbulent, consigned the guilty to iimely punishument, and preserved the peace of the Presidency. Successes like these are less brilliant than victories aud conquests, but they certainly merit both gratitude and recompense.
i The burning of the Sarah Sands transport, although an unfortunate event, is yet such a misfortune as in itself would form somewhat of an epoch in the naval annals of any other nation. It is well-nigh a singular instance of a fire at sea actually above deck being extinguished. This unaccustomed result appears to have been brought about by the strict preservation of discipline, and in some measure, perhaps, by the mere number of the persons whose services were available at the time the catastrophe occurred. The Sarah Sands was an iron ship of about 2,000 tons burden, which left Portsmouth for Calcutta in the middle of last August. She had on board a portion of the 54th Regiment, upwards of 300 rank and file, and her voyage appears to have been prosperous until she had reached a point about 400 miles from the Mauritius. At this point, on the 11th of November, about 3 o'clock p.m., it was discovered that the ship was on fire, or, more properly speaking, the cargo in the after hold, consisting mainly of Government stores. Bale after bale was hauled up, but in vain. Nothing but black smoke issued forth, and all efforts to get at the seat of the fire were uselees. All sail was taken in, and the ship was brought before the wind; lengths of hose were fitted on to the fire eDgine, and, in fact, every precaution was taken wlich seemed likely to be productive of any effect. When the first apprehension arising from the fact of the conflagratio-n bad subsided another and a atill more pressing fear fell upon the miinds of alL How about the ammunition,-how about the powder in the magazines? In a short while the soldiers, under Colonel MorFArr's directions, succeeded in clearing out the starboard magazine. That store of powder, however, which lay in the port magazine could not, seemingly, be reached. The cry was for volunteers, and volunteers instantly came forward, who, despte of the smoke and the flames, succeeded in clearing out the contents of the magazine, save two barrels. There was no help for it, the brunt of the explosion was a thing to be sustained. Most of the men who had been let down were drawn up senseless, so clearly nothing more was to be done in that direction. Now, there was a heavy gale blow;ng at the time, and the flames were playing about the deck. It became necessary to lower the boats, and, strange to say, for once in the case of a conflagration at sea the boats were lowered in safety. The women and children were securely stowed away, and then the boats wre-e pulled beyond the reach of danger, to await the event. Besldes this, rafts were made of spare spars; two were constructed and set afloat, which would have sufficed to save the best portion of the crew and passengers. A third was left across the deck, to be lowered at a moment's notice. It wag remarked that " the boats were lowered without " the least accident; the troops were mustered " on deck; there was no rush to the boats, "and the men obeyed the word of com"mand with as much order as on parade." About 9 o'clock the flames burst through the upper deck and set fire to the mizen rigging; had the ship not been brought to the wind its instant destruction would have been inevitable. At this moment, when the aitention of every one on board was directed to the ship's position, which wawi such that had she payed off the fire must have instantly enveloped her, a fearful explosion was heard. This was, of course, due to the ignition of the one or two barrels of powder which had been left in the port magazine. The port quarter was blown out, and the ship was soon a mass of flames from the main rigging to the stern. The soldiers and crew were at this time collected on the forward part of the ship, and the one thing which saved them from destruction was that the after bulkhea I withstood the action of the flames. All efforts were directed to keeping this cool, and to checking the action of the flames upon the rigging. The soldiers volunteered, party by party, for the work, and their efforts were attended with a certain success. Througbout 'te early night this state of things continued, and tntil 2 the next morning. At that time, when the fire had been raging for well-nigh 24 hours, it began to show the first symptoms of abatement. The flames were gradually mastered, and by daylight next morning the fire was extinguished; but what a wreck was there ! So high had the flames mounted that some of the yards had been destroyed. The after-part of the ship was gutted and burnt outnothing but a shell remained. The first point was to get the women and children in the boats on board again, and next the boats themselves. This could not then be done, although the danger of the fire was over. Anotber danger remained equally appalling, but upon which they had not counted while the flames were in progress. The gale still prevailed. The veesel was rolling 2nd pitching, and shipping seas heavily at the pl.ce where the port quarter had been blown out. She had fifteen feet of water in the hold. The fear was lest the stern should fall out altogether, and so the sbip founder. To prevent this catastrophe two hawsers were got in under the sh:p's bottom and made taut. Spare sails and blankets were got over the opening at the quarter, and the leak was partially stopped. We are now speaking of the period between 2 a.m. and 2 p.m. on the 12th of November last-that is to say, of the 12 hours' battle with water, as there had been a 12 hours' batle with fire for the 12 preceding hours. To add to the difficulties of their situation, the watertauks in the hold had got loose, and as they were daehed about threatened fresh danger to the ship. About 2 in the afternoon of the 12th the boat-, with the women, children, &c., were picked up. No casualty had happened. The gig only had been swamped, but all the hauds wererescucd. From 2 p.m. on the 12th of November urtil the evening of the 13th, although the sharpest stress of the fight had suibsaided, the people on board the Sarah Sands were still struggling for life. Then it was for the first time that the fury of the waves eoniewhat abated; steerage way was got upon tbe ship, and the stern was secured. Sail was set, and in eight days the Sarah Sands reached tlhe Mauritius, without the loss of any one on board throughout all these trying circumstances. The salvation of the ship was undoubtedly due to the professional skill and cap.city of the commander, Captain CASTLE, and his company, and then to the high discipline and coturage of the troops on board. I The story is a counterpart, although a far happier one, to that of the Birkenhead. TuHf Du;B OF SUTHERLAx-D MULCTED il 2,0001. -We underatand that an action of damnages for defamation was recently raised in the (olrt of Session by the Rev. Mr. MacceLhelr, o£ the eatahiJhed church of Clyne. against his Grace the Duke of Sutherlandi, the damages claimed being 2,OOO1., and that a decree for that sum has been obtained. his Grace having failed to enter appearance. The ground. Iof the action is said to be founded on a letter wrften hy one of the Dake's agents containing defamatory statements Ie.alg Mx, -keUlatlr,-.iVor4hrn .m Ogn.
IRELAND. -- -- _e VICKREGAL COURT. (nOX Ovl OWN CoBzxsREnzNri) DIUBLIN. Tn.Tqnr Mnvwrn&. 'ord t.,arlile purposes returning to Ireland to. morfow after a long absence in England. His Excellency will embark at Holyhead for Kingstown upon the arrival of the day express boat. In a few more days, therefore, public ouriosity wlll probably be gratified by the official anrouncement of the new legal changes consequent upon the death of Mr. Justice Jackson. MR. TUMSTTC MOORE. The Freeman's Journal states that Mfr. Justice Moore, junior of the Queen's Bench, has been for some time lying daauerously ill at his country asat near Dablin. It is added that he is in so precarioux a condition ax to render the prospect of his ultimate recovery extremely distant. The other papers confirm this statement. ELECTIONEERING. In anticipation of the probable vacancy in the representation of the borough of Ennis, created by the elevation of the Attorney-General to the judicial benoh, a squadron of aspirants have been alreadynamed as candidates for tbe covetedseat.The ascpirants include Captain Stockpoole, Mr. Hughes, C.a, Mr. John Belr, Sir Thomus Redington, and Mr. M'Donough, Q.O. The latter is a Peelite, but would biea supporter of the Palmerston Government. All the others are Liberals. THE GREAT SLANDER CASE. There are at length symptoms of the approaching finale to the case of " trevens v. Campion." Yesterday counsel for the defendant spoke to evideace, and was followed by Mr. M'Donoughfor the plaintiff. ot having concluded his address when the Court rose, the learned gentleman will resume this morning, and will probably conclude this evening; so that upon the whole it is likely the trial will not run into the ensuing Hilary term. TBE LITE nrrARY E E. In reference to the recent dlgracefiul maiUtary riots in Dublin the Freeman's Tournnd of this morning says:- :' In consequence of the disgracefl conflits which had taken place between pertles of the military now in garrlson, the 30th Regiment recetved omders to leave the Royal barracks, In which theyhadbeen statloned, and proceedtoBtchmond baizacle, to ',e there temporarily quartered, prlor to their deparure for the camp at the Curragh. In compliance vith these Inmtructlons the regtment left the barracks yterday at 2 o'clock, and took pomession of the quaters occupied by the Shropahire =N . iti S 8hortly after the 30th ReOiment ?sft the yoal Barracks the militia regient took possefon of tat portion o' them which had been occupied by the 80th, From information which the poloe. had received It appetred that there was to have been another desperate encorter las night between a party of the Guards and the 55th RegIment; but, owing to the military authorit ties hav2ng recetv t timely information of the intended combat, active measures ero taken to prevent tt, and no ditrbance occurred. We understand that a court.martial will ha held to try the soldiers of tha several regiments who had taken part In the riots, THE FElDS. Thrae per Cant. Console (shut), 93A1 ditto, for account, January 8, 93s g ; ditto, for new account, February 9, 93i; New Three per Cent. Stock, 938 93; ditto, for ve. count, January 8, 93g; ditto, for new account, Febrary 9. 93f; Bank Stock (sbut) 231 232 ex. dlv. City of Dublin Steam (1C01 paida 78; DubUn and Glasgow &456. paid), 39.~. Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 640 Riwarys.-DnblIn and Belfast Junction (501. paid), 40s; Hllarney Junction '101. pad), 9; Midland Great Westeru ard loyal Cans1 (501. paidJ, 47.1; Waterford and Killkenny (201. pald), 3.
COURT OIRCULAZA.. WINDSOR, D . 29. The Judge Advocate-General had *% auxdience of Her MaIejdy yesterday, to submit the proooedings of Eome couxtb-martiL. ThePortuguese Minister and Countess de Lavradlo arrived in the afternoon on a ,Iis and In the evening dined with Her Majesty. The party also inoluded her Royal Highness the Dachess of Kent, her Royal lighness the Prinoess Royal, his Serene Highness the Prinoe of Lelnin. gen, Lady Anna MriA Dawson, Lady Augusta Brace, and Sir George Couper. The band of the Royal Horse Guards attended in the Castle dring dinner, and performed the- Oreru-zredon .. .. .. .. Weber Seleclonu-erinirsalde .. .. .. Rml QaadrflIe-Oourt of St. James '. .. DlIbe,t SeleotUon-" reta lls .. .. .."Adam Galop-Exurmou..o .. .. .. mooiee Her Majesty's private band played afterwards in the draw. Ing room. The Queen rode In the RidLng.hoase thia morning. The Prince Concort. accompanied by the Prince of Leln. Ingen, went out shooting. The Princem Royal walked and drove In the Home The Prince of Wales went to London, and attended a lecture at the Royal Institution. The Duke of Nemours, with his family, visitod Her Malesty. Lord Dufferin and Lientsnant-Colonel W. Freder'ek Cavendish have suceceded Lord Waterpark and Major. General Berkeley Drummond as Lord and Groom.in. Waiting. Despatches were received at the Colonal-office yesterday from the Governors of the North American Provinces.
A SUITOR FOR THu PRicEss AUE-Although no official intimation of tha views of the Dutch Court has as yet been conveyed to this country, we b3lieve there is no doubt a9 to the inter fion of the King of Holland to demand the hand of the Priness Alice for the young Prince of Orange. Neither of t0eir Royal Highnesses Is arrived at a marrageable age, it Is true; but that circumstance is no bar to such a proposd athat to which we allude; and ft the idea should hereafter become a reality the match Is one which must be congidered s In every respect suitable. That the idea of an Englieh matrimonial alliance is se. riously eutertained at the Hague we are assured upon the autho7ity of those who are in a sltion to be we21 in. formed as to what Is passi in the D Cour and we have been told that if ti acontemplated pro when made, shall be acceded to by Her Majesty it is Intended to Eend the Prince of Orange to this countrv to complete his studies, as his grandaire did, at one of the Snglish Unives.- ties-Cambridge most probably-and to manure his intisnacy with the Royal family.-Court Circular. LYVERrOOL, Dec. 29,-At an adjourned meetlig to-day of the creditors of Messrs. Klngender, Brothers, shiposners, after a stormy discussion it was resolved to reject the offer of Is. 6d. in the pound, and to wind up the estate under inspectlon. At a meeting of the credltors of Mesarm John Fazakerly and Co., timber merchants, to-day, It was stated that the liabilities of the firm were about 30,0001., and the amets 12,0001., and an offer of 6s. 8d. in the pound was submitted. Four gentlemen were appointsd to inspect the state of affairs and to report to a future meetirg of the creditors SHoCrWG MUrDXI AT OvER-DARW~.-O1 Sunday evening an unprovoked act of violence was committed hy Adam Beswick upon John Marsden, both of OverDarwen, near Blackburn, which resulted In the death of the victim in less than 24 bomrs afterward. The deceased was a powetloom weaver at Mr. Walmnsley's, and about 46 years of age. Beswick is a coller at the Sunny Bank Pit. Both the men were neighbours, living at a place called " the Sand," in Red Earth Mount. For some time pat an angry feeling had subsisted between them, owing to a dispute respecting some poultry. On Sunday evening Marsdeco (the deceased) haa occasion to pass Beswick's dwellng as he was proceeding to his own home, when his irfuriated foe rushed out armed with a poker, and dealt him a blow upon thehead which felled him tz the ground senselesr. Beewick left his victim in that condition, and quietly walked back to bis own house. The deceased was conveyed home, and Mr. Wraith, sargeon, coPed In to attend him. The poor feUow, however, was ia a dying state, and all efforts to restore him were unavailing. On Monday evening, at half-past 5o'clock,heexpired, leaving Ibehind him a wife and a large family. On Monday morning, after the occurrence had been bruited abroad, Beswlok wa taken Into custody by Polloe-*srgeant Atldkson, and bronght before Mr. Shorrock, magistrate. He appeared much dejected in spirit, and during the brief examination he fainted. He was remauded till Wednesday (this day), when he mill be brought before the county jv'tioes at Blackburn. This deplorable affair has caused the greatest sensation in the town and neighbourhood. A RTrCiROND DThIBR TiH2EX HUiNDRED YEARS AGO.-We find, in the Lansdowne manusciipts, that about Christmas, 1509, certain officals of the Court of King Henry VIIL dined together at the village of Shene, now elled Riebtuond, and thati at the end of the entertainme-t say host of the Star and Garter, with many salutations, handed to them the following bill :-For brede, 12d.; ale, 3s. 4d.; wyne, lOd.; twvo leynes moton, 8d. ; maribones, Gd.; powdred beef, od. ; two capons, 2s,; two geese, 14e.; five conyes, 15d.; oue leg"e moton, 51b. weight. 4d. ; six plovers, l1d. ; six pegions, 5d. ; two dozen larkes, 12d.; salt and sauce, 6d.; buter and eggs, lOd. ; wardens and qunjces, 12d.; herbes, ld.; spices, 2s, 4d.; floume, 4d.: whig t cuppes and cruses, 6d.; which, summed up, gives exactly 11. sterling as the total expenses of this aldernanlo feast. Many a party, go. .le and slmple, has since that time diaed at tbe "Starad Garter." but none ever got so many substwntial things for their twenty sbillings as the subjects of young King Henry VIIL-The &al=wu SAvInGs-BAN&-.The annual retums made by the sav;ngs-banks ia the eastern counties exhib:.t generally satisfactory results, and show either that the benefits of sueh institutions are more appreciated bY those for whom they were intended, or that the condition of the woring clse has enabled them to g, .dua)ly exterd their deposits. In the Cambridge Bauk 500 new accounts have been opened during the ycwr ending Nov. 20, and only 34Ohavebeen withdrawn. In the Sleaford Bank tbe deposits received have been 9,4481. Cs. lOd., while the sums p id to depositors, including interest, have amounted to 8,4111 14s. 3d, At Boston there has keen an increase of 1,082 depoRitors duri the hat ten yesres, and of 6,2091. 2s. Id. in the amount d,po.- sited. At Louth during the past year 299 new deposi-ors have opened accounts, 11.1161. l8s. lld. has been deposited, and 9,8171. 5s. 3d. withdrawn,
HBR MAJISf2S THEA TRE. Stdents of black-letter law, who recoUeot those eccentric tenures by virtue of which the oooupant of an estate was bound to provide hia liege lord with a rose In Deoember aed a snowbalt in Jaly, might naturally place the preeentation of an opera box in the Christmas week on the list oZ rents Imposgible to be paid. Bat, thanks to the restless spirit of Ir. Lumley, an Italian opera three nighte aEter Box3ig-day, far from being a mere cn8 rationis, or a combi. nation effected by the pttrely imaginative faculties, is as much a reality as any lyrical entertainment in the middle of May. The favourite vocalists of the summer son, having fascinated the ear of Datchm6a and Germans in the course of a recent continental tour, have all come trooping back to their London home bent upon adding a series of operas to the Christmas amuements of onr metropolis. LAst night the experiment commenced with nZ Troratore, in which Madame Spezla and Signor Gluglini stained their wonted charaters, the former full of spirit as ever, the latter still rejoicing in s7hat his Prissian admirers term hls " golden voioe " The crowded state of the house proved that the experiment was completely succssful, and hearty was tShe applause bestowed upon the artists. To-morrow (Thursday) Mademoielle Picoolomini is to appear in La Z-aviata, anrd on Saturday she will be tha heromne of Lucia di Lamme,-oor. Al wehich proves thatF the faahionable chronology of Great Britain is going to utter destructi0n, end that Loine future Clinton will find the diffil culty of fixing the period of a London season In the middle of the l9th century equal to that experienced by the rail' way traveller who seeks for a branch line in his £rall' sinwB.
LYCEUM THEA TAER Notwlthstanding the potent attractions of the pantomime Mr. Charles DUllonhas commenced the serls of playsewhicir found favour in the eyes of hi patrons durlug the first season of hig management. Firat on the Bst st=ds Sir E, B. Lytton's Bicheleu In which iMr. Dillon represents the astute French Cardinal whom the Xnglishpoet has Idealized. We wil not say that this character is so well guited ta him as those that can be made the vehicles of unaffeeted pathos or warmed into an expreaion of reolces vivaity, but, nevertheless, it sernes to show the versatllityof the actor, and bis conscientious care in subduing his ownidiosyn. ersyto suit that of the part he asenes. That he does not sympathize with the triumphs ot the 'aly politician as with the agonies of Othello, the eorroding grtef of Bel. pbegor, or the buoyant hilaity of the Gascon (it the King's Muzkclaers), we may be perfectly assured; neither would he derive any vast amount of inspiration from those reflective soliloquies that exhibit the Cardiual es the philosopher of his own poitiss. Still the details of the pert are carefully wrought. The appearance of seniUty, rightly associated with Richelieu, though he died at the age of 56, is welLsustained; there is life in the triumphant chuckle that marks the succe of his schemes; there is gentuine feellng in the tearful twinkle of the eye with which the Cardinal, paudng in the midst of intrigueg and perils, regards for a moment the happiness oE the two young lovers; while the passges of power, which, rarely scattered about the piece, are on that account the nore startling, are delivered with Sull regard to efficiency. The exulting laugh w;ith wrhichRichelieuabout to baffe the onsvirato's by feignlng death, expresses the conviction that his gme is in his own hands, i8 especially given rwith an abandonment to the situation that is irresistible in its force.
REUCTrION OF THE SHIP LTEt RATIz oP POSTAO:P-On the 1st of January next and thenceforward the British rate of postage upon letters despatohed from any port of the united kingdom I)ye private ship, whether steamer or sailing vessea, will be reduced to 6& the half. ounce, in all cases where it now exceeds that sum. The charge upon letters above balf n ounne in weight will increase according to the scale for charging nlalnd letters. Letterd conveyed by private ship frotu this country to France or Belgium Wmll continua liable to a oombined Britieh and foreign rate of 4d. the half-ounce; and letters conveyed by private ship to Holland, laimbnrg, or Bremen, wil still be charged with a combined British and foreign rate of 8d. the half-olnce as heretofore. By command of the Poat, master-General, ROWLVND flLI;, .ecret<y-Genera Popt-office, Dec. 26. DurEuraro iN ALAnBtmA-Among the oatbs administered to Governor Mloore at his inauguration waa the following ;-" Do you solemnly swear that ,ou have not, directly or Indirectly, given, a.ccepted, or knowingly carxied a challenge, in writing or otherwise, to any pexo3n being I citizen of this State, to fight with deadly weapons, either in or out of this Stato; or aided or abetted in the samesince )ou have been a citizen thereof; and that you will not, directly or indirectly, give, acoept, or knowingly carry a chaUeuge to any persor,,oeing a citizen of this State, to fight with deadly weapons, either In or out of the State, Orn any manner aid or abet the sane duriag your eondrAtwoe in. oxPce ?"-AeNc York JOU-IUL of ConMerMc. GLASGOw, Dec. 26.-Cotton.-Ourcotton-market has assumed a rather be7ter aspect during the Do3t week, and an advanoe of Jd. per lb. huas ken plac. G(ood and yarns.-There has been more doing in our market for goods and yarns during these few days past, with a more cheefoul |fei g. Prie are tending slightly upwards. Iron.-Pig iron has been more in desand during this week, and an ad. vance of 3s. per ton has been established on warranta, The deduction of discount apparently is tbe exoiting cause. For the lbst day or two sellers have been extremnely shy, but to-day there was more iron offered, the heavy stocks, esti. mated at about 200,00 ton.q, causing some doubt as to the maittenance of preeent rates-. No. I, G,M,B,, 61s. 6d. - No. 3, 4Ss. 6d. ; Gartaherrie, No. 1, 67s.
gtONBY-2ARBKBTand CITYINTJLLIGBNCE. Taesday Evening. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 1 per rnille discount, and the short exchange on London de 25-25 per 11. sterling. On eomparing these ratei -with the English Mint price of 31. 1Is. lOja. per -ounce for standard gold, it appears that gold is :bout 4-lOthe per cent. dearer in London than. In dParis. No foreign exchange quotations have been received from Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London 4or bills at 60 days' sight is about 109i per -cent. for first-class paper. At the preBent rate of -discount here there is no profit on the transmission of gold from this country to the United States. The funds opened steadily this morning, and showed a tendency to inereased firmness during the whole of the day until after regular hours, when a sudden decline took place, although an announceruent was received about the same time of a 'further reduction in the rate of discount of the Bank of France. Consols for the opening, which left off yesterday at 93j ex dividend, were first -quoted 931 to 94, whence they advanced to 93i to 94, at which they remained vith great steadiness to ihe offieial cloze. Several sales were then rapidly pressed until the price receded to 93g. The latest -transactions, however, were at 93i. This rapid fall -was attributed to operations in connexion with the -failure of the dealer announced yesterday, the nature of his transactioas being still partially unexplained, while his differences are thought to amount -to 13,0001., with only about 2,7001. to meet them. Money was in rather increased request, consequent upon the approaching termination -of the year, but there was a full supply for Icans on Government securities at 4k per cent., and ,at 7 to 7j per cent. in the discount-market. Bank lStock was quoted at the official close 217 to 219; Reduced, 93i to 94; New Three per Cents., 04 to iJ; India Bonds, 25s. to 20s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, As. discount to 2r. premium. The Bank of France ha7e reduced their rate of discount from 6 per cent., at which it was fixed on the 17th inst., to 5 per cent. This is the lowest .point adopted since September, 185e. The foreign stock-market has again been active, South American stocks, Mexican, and Spunish being *especiaUy in demand. Turkish, after advancing to 98J, receded with the English funds, and left off at 97 to j, or slightly lower than yeaterday. Chilian Six per Cents. were negotiated at l02j; Mexican, 201, j, and i; for the account, 20s and 21; Peruvian Fotu-and-a-Half per Cents., 77; ditto, Three per Cents., 52i; Portuguese, 44ff; Russian Five per Cents., 107; ditto, Foar-and-a-EHalf per Cents., 98r and i; Sardinian, 84k and 85; Spanish, for the account, 41 i and 42; ditto, New Deferred, 26k and i ; for the account, 26? and i; ditto, Certificates, u; Turkish Six per Cents., 97k, i1, R, and i; for the account, 980; and the Four per Cents. Gua. ranteed, 102-, 102, and 102k. In the foreign exchanges this aftermoon the rates upon Amsterdam and Paris were slightly lower. iLamburg -was about the same as last poat. The final quotations of the French Three per -Jents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 68f. 5c. for money and 68f. 25c. for the end of the month, showing an advance of a quarter per cent. About 140,0001. in gold was sold to the Bank today, and there was an arrival of 30,000 sovereigns from Scotland. Although the finaneial crisis Is virtially at an end, it is feared tbat its effects will yet continue to be manifested by the faU of many nminor firms. Today two suspensions have been announced-the first being that of Messrs. Lupton, Hooton, and Co., an old house of good repute in the Manchester trade, with liabilities for about 32,0001., while the otheris that of Messrs. Hinton, Brothers, and Co., Italian merchants, of Old Broad-street. In neither case, however, are the prospects of liquidation unfavourable. Lupton, Hooton, and Co., it is said, show a nominal surplus of 5,0001., and little doubt -s entertained of their paying nearly, if not quite, 20s. in the pound, the stoppage having been resolved upon for the protection of the general creditors, upon a loan which constituted part of the working capital of the establishment having been called in. Hinton Brothers. and Co., are aild to have been brought dowm by the failure of a correspondent at Venice. They had a respectable business, their llabilities are believed to be small, and a satisfactory dividend seems to be anticipated. Annexed is the circular issued by MeEsrm. Lupton, Hooton, and Co. - * 53, Bre&d-street, London, Dec. 29. Having beon called on to repay axi amount of capital cnployed in our businc,a, the withdrawal of which would render our future position precarloas, we havo deeDaed it the more honourable course to suspend our payments. " We deeply regret the necessity for this most painful step, and ask the indulgence of our creditors untuil a statement of our affairs can be submitted to them. "Our principal creditors have requested Messrs. ParTinton, Ladbury, and Co., of King-stroet, accountants, to prepare the statement, which they will lay before you at an *-eaWrly day. We are, &c., LUPTON, HOOTON, ANcD CO. The following letter explains the circumstances which have led to the petition for a compulsory winding-up of the Northumberland and Dturham District Bank:- " 2S, St. Swithin's ane, Deo. 29. "Slr,-With referenoo to the observations which occur ia the money-articlo of Thc TZImes of to-day upon the subject of the petition to wind up this company, we beg to mention that the reasons which (among others) have Iane. enced the petitioner in the courwe adopted are:- " 1. That the whole of the capital having been paid up, the directors have no power under the deed of settlement to make further calls. ' 2. That under the Banking Act of 1857 the liquldators are also powerless in this respect; neither have they any authority by whioh the equities between the shareholders can be settled. We are, , "TUCKER, GREVILLE, sND TUCKER." The Bank of England having cancelled its overissue, and the rate of discount at Hamburg having fallen to its ordinary lovel, the accounts from the United States to-day, describing the general resumption of specie payments by the New York, Dostou, and other banks, were alone wanted to bring the history of the financial convulsion of 1865 {e a perfect close vwith the end of the year. In other x3spects these advices present little of intert. In the same mmaner as on this side failures continue to be reported at intervals, but they were not of general importanceo The latest were those of Vetter, Schliesser, and Co., and Kobbe and Co., small German bankers. The stock-market had been moderately active, at an average decline of about 1 per cent. Erie was quoted 1G6; Reading, 52; 'Panama, 92; Michigan Southern, 20?, and New York Central, 73'i. Iu Illinoiz Central there had ibeen no transactions. It has been ann ounced that at the close of the year Mtr. David Barclay Chapman will retire from the firm of Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co. The discussion as to the best means of establish. ing a permanent system for the transport of troops and stores to and from India has led to the promulgation of a plan by Captain: John Ford, which deserves to be fully considered. The overland route, as a regular means of military communication, is, of courme, out of the question, and the practice of resorting to the large steamers of the Ocean Mail Companies would be almost equally objectionable. The proposl of Captain Ford is that an independent service should be established for the purpose under a Government guarrautee, so as to combine the advantages of prirat) enterprise with responsible supervision. His general suggestions are stated as follows:- " The failure of all endeMvorm.hitherto made to effect a rapid and dirc coinnulsia',ti, India vi the Cape of Good Hope, whether attempted in auxiliary or full-powered steamships, has been occssioned by the insufficienoy of ton. nage and power of the vessels employed, and by the loss of time inseparable from coaling at so many different stations. Oar oaly independent and natmral high road to India is by the ocean. We commnand that route, but have not yet made the best use of it. In order to overcome the delays and difficulties adverted to I suggest the immediate establishment of a line of firat-class iron screw steamships, of 5,000 tons' measurement each, and fitted with engines of 1,000 horse. power. "These shlps caa be so constructed as to average 300 miles per day-a rate of speed that would enable them to perform the voyage to or from India with certaitty in 41 days-viz.:- Enslaud to Cape of Good Hope, or vice .. .. 20 days Coaslng at thec Ape. 3 day Cape of Good H)pe to Calcutta or vioe versa.. .. 18 days Totz^l .41 da "The stowage capaoity of each ship would comprise ample space for 2, 000 troops, with their officers, officerse horses, artillery, baggage, and a lhrge amount of munitions of war, together with 24 days foael, and the requisite quantity of provisions a nd stores. The political advantages of Great Britain possessing a distinct available fleet of this descriptioa are so obvious as to require no comnment. In the event of a European war, and an urgent demand for troops, each of these canclous and powerful vessels could convey 3,000 men from India and land them at Gibraltar in 36 days, or at hialta in 39 days." The Glasgow papers contain a letter, aignedl " Honestus," which, after referring to the fact that out of the liabilities of the Western Bank of Scotland, amountingto 8,911,9321., the sum due to depositors is 5,306,5691., and to the time that may elapse before the disharge of these clains, suggests that the persons interested should agree to a deduction of 15, 20, or 25 per cent. for prompt payment, and that the saving thus effected should not be for the indiscriminate advantage of the shareholders, but should be used to form a fund to purchase life annuities for the widows, fatherless children, and other dependent persons who have lost their entire means by the failure of thia establishment. A meeting of creditors of Mr. H. S. Neville, colonial broker, who suspended payment on the 14th ult., was held to-day, when a composition of 4s. in the pound was accepted, payable in instalments at one and three months, exclusive of any sum which may accrue from persons for whom Dlr. Ieville has acted as agent. The meeting expresed its reprobation of the insolvent's folly In entering, into a number of contracts, both in his own name and for other parties. The balance-sheet, prepared by Mr. Quilter, the accountant, shows the liabilities to amount to only 10,9191., of which about 9,7001. is on account of the contracts in question, while the available assets are estimated at 2,2451. The dividends are advertised of the South Australian Government bonds.
TRADE BEPORT. Tnesday Evening. SUGAR.-There has been some inquiry to-day for this article a& Iast week's currency, but there are few sellers. A cargo of brown Havanuah mold for Bristol at 25s. COFFEE.-This article is dull snd neglected. TEA.-iTe demand has Improved to-day, and a fair amount of business done. Common congou has been sold at IJ2td. 'ALLow .-The market is quiet to-day at 53s. 3d. on the spot, 56s. 3d. sellers January to March, arL 54s. for March. LEAThixR AhcD H1DsS.-The sulppy of fresh leather at Leadenhball to-day has been smaD, and beig the first market after Christmas only fecr buyers attended. The transactions in most articles were of a limited character, and prices generally have undergone little chanoesince last Week. Market hides are in good supply, without alteration in value. COTTON.-We are again without transatlons to report. OIL.-Ltnseed, 29s. TURPEmTmmE.-3°s. and 34s. 6d. Ihox.-Scotch pig, 51s. 6d. to 52s. Although the holydays prevent business, yeb the tone of markets generally have an improved appeauce.
BRAZrL AND THE AFPCJANBLA VYETDE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMiES. Sir,-On o*ae or two former occasions you have permitted me to make some observations in your columns on this sub. ject, aud I ve-nture again to appeal to your courtesy in defence of a country whioh deserves to be better known in England than, unfortunately for both States, it Is. I mean Brazil. 1. You state in your very interesting article on the sad plight of the British West Indies that, while those British possessions are deolining in production, Cuba, the United States, anud Brazil are every day enrte-dig the amea of their cultivation and the number of their slaves. If this were so, the augmentation In the number of slaves in Bra2il must be caused by fnrther importations of Africans, by natural increawe, or by both meaDs, But the statement, I assure you, is inaccurate, In the last session of Parliament Lotd Palmerston himself admitted that illicit importations into Brazil had ceaeed; for the lalb three years not one single cargo of negroes ha8 been successfully landed in Brazil, and the annual consular returns laid before Parliament as to the importations of Africans are nil-nil-nil. In the last speech of the Emperor His Majesty declared, amid the applause of the general assembly, that the traffic had disappeared; and in the last message of the President of Babia, formerly the greatest seat of the trade, to the provinciAl assembly he repeated in the mnost emphatic language the Imper'al declaration. It you think further evidence wanted to establish the fact, I undertake to supply it. The number of slaves bas not Increased from illicit importations, neither has it been augmented, I am som to say from other causes. The mortality of the slave population of Brazil from cholera and yellow fever has during the last few years been Bo great that Lord Palmerston, in his reply to Mr. Roebuck, while admitting that the slave trade had ceased in Brazil, urged the desecase of slavee from these eidemics as a reason why there was reason to apprehend t at the African slave trade with that empire might revive. LordPalmerston threatened Brazil because of the temptations ariing from the decrease of its slave population, and A-k Times wounds the honour of the ampire by attackingit on the ground of an increase of that population. Neither in the great MAinisier nor in the great journal of England does poor Brazil find mach encouragement in a career of welld=ing or in the suffering of its industry. Yet thoseo who v atci its fortunes, and are acquainted with its real condition and actual policy, know that it neither merits the threat of the Premier nor deserves the reproach of Tle Times. 2. S!avery, you say, prevails in Brazil, with features of cruelty unknown even under the worst of times under English rule. Indeed, Sir, you are mistaken. There Is no country in the world where negroes, slave or free, are hetter treated than in Brazil. Two members of the Society of Friends three or four years ago visited Brazll on an antislavery tour, and in the little work in which they described their visit thgy expressly say that slaves are well treated in BrazlL So also do Messrs. idder and Fletcher in their more recently published account of their long missionary residence in the empire. The longevity of slaves is notoriously greater in Brazil than in the Ulited States or Cab3. They are treated as Christians, and allowed to observe all the fasts and holydays of the church. In towns they are usully permitted to hire themselves out, paying their owner a stipulated sum per dicn, and receiving any excess for themselves. They cau claim to be manumitted on terms not difficult of attainment when industrious and saving. Marriage is recognized and encouraged. And, as further Importations have ceased, and mortality has decreased their numbers, the irterest of their owners is to use them kindly and well. I detest and abominate slavery, and pray for the time -when Brazil will follow our example and abolish the crime and the sin. But the slavery of BrazU is light indeed compared with that of Cuba or the United States * for the Brazilian, unKike the Spanish Ureole, is not cruel; unlike the American, he does not treat even men in bondage as a soulless arimal. One teat of the treatment of black slaves in Brazil is to be fosund in the treatment of fee blacks. In the United States they can never pretend. though born in the Republic, to the rghts of citizenship; they are outcasts and PrrLahs, toroed to live and herd together-denied access to society. In Brazil they have all the rlghts, pretensions, immunities of white men; their colour is not a professional, a commercial, or even a social disadvantage. If learned, cultivated, or able, they take their place among learnlng, cultiva - tion, and abilily. African blood is to be found among all classes. The Emperor's phaysic5an Is a coloured man. I am persuaded you haii not the slightest Intention to prejudice Brazil in the estimation of your readers ; and Pas the f'orce of your reasoning will rot be at all affected by th ese iremarks n defens of Brazil, I place them at your I am, Sir. vocr obeMient KAv.Tsi JUSTICM I Uev. lip.
Girr FrOM T11E EIPEPtORI OP THE FRmwcm.-Ttwir be recollected that on the occasion of their Imperial Ma. jesties' departure fromL Osborne on the 10th of August last a partizg salute was fired from the battery of the Royal Victo-la Yacht Clab-house, when, through the orermature explosion of one of the guns, Jacob Harb;ar, a laboring maa, vwho was engaged to asAt the gunner, had his right arm shattered so drcadfuUy that immediate amputation was nezeea2.y. A aubsoription list was immediately ope3wd fca the sufferer at the Club-house, and the sam ef 35t. subscribed, vhich has bteen invested to his advantagt. Cer townsman (Mir. R. James, jon.) communicated the, aca5delet by letter to the Euiperor, who has forwar&ad. % check for the munificent stmn of 2,5W00., 1001., whic,. a8 t' reached Mr. Jrmes on Christmnas-evs, we presumoe wa& derred for ; Christmas gift. The rsclpien4, .Tacob ffrbocr, who is qalte disabled raon followbig asy ivcantivo omj.loymnrnt, elt overjoyed at the newn.s The amo=nt; by- bib app :ovvwdill: be placed in the HlaWhire Bans.tll a.fl vs.7 ol applyira it has been mv.,sged. T?zk r.e;sn- PI tb,a e Imporor's liberalifv spread *rough the town !'i wi' dfi-^ anda we heard of "Lon. hie to thejvvperereardE ,np^a'haviog. bhen drnnk tbh2. aoong st 'Ptoe te.l,s ( ^;4 S fir!side,-Idf of 'iv j1 AIAJrq.Ar.
T'RE INDIANS in the UNfIT.BD STATES. The following is the report of the Indian Bureau presented to CongreSS:- Department of the Interior, "Office of Indian Affairs, Nov. 30. "To THE SECRETApY or THE LTB}OB. Sir,-The acoompanying reports and statements from the several superintendents, agents, and teachers furnish valuable and interesting information ia regard to the condition and prospects of our various Indian tribes, and exhibit in detail the operations of this branch of the public service during the past year. "The New York Indians continue g-radually to improve. They have generally adopted agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and, to a considerable extent, the habits and customs of their white brethren. A treaty recently entered into with the Tonawanda band of Senecas, should it receive the favourable consideration of the Senate, will, it is hoped, terminate the complicated and embarrasdng difficulties whioh for some years have materiaUy interfered with their happiness and welfare. "The treaties of July 31 and August 2, 1855, with the several bands of Indians in Michigan provided for a material change in their condition and xelations. They were relieved from the obligation to remove west of the Mississippi River; secured limited, but sufficient quantities of land to be held in severalty, and were provided with ample means for educational purposes. Under the liberal legislation of the State they can attain to citizenship, and it is hoped that by a discreet and judieious supervision of their affairs on ttie part of the General Government, and such oo-operation asI may be requisite by the authorities of the State, aided by| the kindness and benevolence of her citizens, they ray soon bo prepared for tho enjoyment of that high privl'ge. II The Treaty of 1854 with the Menomonees, and that of 1856 with the Stockbridges of Wisconsin, released those tribes from their engagements to immigrate west of the Mlississippi, to which they were opposed, and located them in other positions within the State, where It Is hoped they win improve and eventually become fitted for and invested vwith citizenship. "The small band of Oneidas, formerly of New York, remain In the vicinity of Green Bay, where they were placed by treaty of 1837. They are advanced In civilization, and there is no good reason why they should not thrive and prosper, if the State authorities -would rigidly prohibit the traffic with them in ardent sptrits. "By the treaties of September 30,1854, and February 22, 1855, the great Chippewa tribe, residing in Wisconsin, Minnesota, and the Northern Peninsula of Miohigan, ceded nearly the wholo of the lauds owned by them to the Govern. ment, there being set apart for the diferent bands, how. ever, a suitable number of reservations, limitod in extent, where it should be the policy to concentrate end confine them, and every exertion used to Induce them to adopt the habits and pursuits of civilUzed life. "As stated in the last annual report of my predecessor, we have no treaty arrangements with the Red Lake Chip. pewas, and a few other scattered bands of Indians next to the British possessions, and in the valley of the Red River of the north. They are poor and need asslstance, and it wonld be policy to extinguish their title to lands in that region, and to locate them on a small reservation, where they could be suitably and humanely provided for. "The other Indians in Minnesota consist of tho various bands of the Dacotahs or Sioux, and the Winnebagoes; the latter located in the southern portion of the territory and renorted to be doing well. The agent is, however, of opinion that their reservation is too large, and that it would contributo materially to their advancement to reduce it and to assign them a limited quantity of land in severalty, so as to give them an idea of individual property and a greater inoontive to personal exertion and industry. "The principal body of the Sioux oonsists of the four bands of Med-a-wah-kau.toans and Wah-pah-coo-tahs, known as the Lower or MEssissppi Sloux, and the Wah-paytoans and See-see-tomns, or Uppor Sioux. These are located on two reservatlons set apart for them by the treaties of July and August, 1851, where strenuous efforts are being mpde to induce them to Improve their habits and condition. "It was a small outlawed and recklees hand of these Indians that committed the murders and outrages at the vwhite settlement at Spirit Lake in March last, but who, on the requiement of the Departmen', have since been severely punished by their brethren for their lawless and atrocious conduct, this having been determined to be a better course than to cause the chastisament to be inflicted by our troops. "A poition of the Indians embraced within the two agencies for the tribes on and in the vicinity of the upper and head waters of the Missouri River have within the past year been severely scourged by the smallUpx, as many as 2,000 of them having, it is estimated, een caried off by that disease. Otherwise, nothing of an urusual charaster has taken place among them. These Indians comprise eight different bands of restless and wandering Sioux, with the Arickarees, Gros Ventres, Mardans, Assinaboines and Crows, aU within the lower, and the Blackfeet, who are within the upper agency. But small portiors of the courtry occupied by them are sUited for od-. cultural puruits, and so long as the buffalo and other game wihin their reach affocd them subsistence it will be diffncult, if not impossible, to break them of their wandering and uneettled habits The egeut reports that the Sioux, to whom General Harney promised presents of clothing for their soldiers, are very much dissa, tisfied with the non-compliance with that p-omise, and he recommends that Congress make provd5'on for Its fulfilment. An estimate of $200,000 to be placed at the disposal of the department for that purPOse was presented by your predeceswor to Congress at the last session of that body, but no appropriation was made. Concurring In the propriety and Importance of the measoue, I respeatfully recommend that the amount necessary to carry it out be appropriated. *$ Pursuant to the Act of March 3, 1853, providing for negotiations vith the Indians west of Missouai and Iowa, for the purpose of procuring their assent to the settlement of citizens of the United States on their lands, ?ud of extinguisling their title thereo, in whole or in part, treaties were made durlug the preceding Admlinistration with the Ottoes and Sllsuorias, Omahae, Delawares, Shawnees, Ioways, Sacs and Foxes of the Missouri, Kickapoos, Miames and the urited tribes of the Kaskasldas, Peorias, Wess, and Piankeshaws. The title of these Indians was thus extinguished to all the lands owned and loaimed by them, except such portions as were reserved for their future homes, the lands so acquired for ocoupancy by our citzens in Kansas and Nebraska amoanting to about 13,658, 000 acres, and the lands retained for the use of the Indians to about 1,342,000 acres. "The lands ceded by the Delawares, except the strip known as the outlet, for which they -were allowed a stipulated amount, and those acquired from the loways and the united tribes of Kaskaskias, Peorias, Weas, and Plankeshaws were to be, and have been, sold for their benefit. The aLuount realized for those of the Delawares is l 1,054,943 07; for those of the loways, f184,437 85; and &or those of the four u4ted tribes, $335,350. From these amounh is to be deducted the cost of surveying and selling the lands; and the remainder In each cars is required to be invested in safe and profitable stocks, exeept to much as the Presidsent m ay deem proper to be applied, to relieve the temporary nece-sities of the Indians during the timue of their becoming se.tled end established on their reservations. The iDterest derived from the investments is to be aunnually paid over to them, and judiciously applied for their "The treaty of January 31, 1855, with the Wyandot Indians, residing at the junction of the Missouri and Kansas rivers, provided for their investment with citiensip anad a divison of their tribal bands among them. This division, it Is understood, has been made, and resulted in giving to each soul about 40 acres. This measure, the agent reports, haq been attended with good results; a spirit of improvement having manifested itself beyond anything of the kind previously known among the Wyandots. My personal observation enables me to concur in the report of the agent: "DsuiDg the p, st sumamer an important and necessary treaty was also made with the Pawnees, through the opar.,tion of whbich-shor'd it be approved by the Senate-the Department hopes to be able to place these restless aud la w- less Indians in a settled location, to control them there, and to adopt effective measures for securing their material Improvement. There is the like necessity for a similar treaty with the Poncas, who inhabit and cla a region of country on the Misseurl and L'Bal qui Court, or Running Water, Rivers. * No conventional arrngements have been enterad into since the Act of Maroh 3, 1853, with the following tribes residlng in Kansas, viz:-The Pottawatormies, the Kansas or Kaws, the Sacs and Foxes of the Miseissippl, end the Usages. The policy of the Aol and the welfar3, if not the very exstence, of these Indians require that new and diffe. rent arrangements be made with them as soon as possible. " I concur fully with those of my predece6sors who have stated that there have bsen two great radical nistakes in our system of Indian policy-the assignment of an entirely too large body of land in common to the different tribes which have been relocated, and the payment of large money annuities for the ceswions made by them; the first tending directly to prevent the Indians from acquiring settled babits and an idea of personal property and rights, which lie at the very foundation of all cisilization; the, second cansing and fostering a feeling of dependence anud habits of idleness, so fatally adverse to anything like phy- sical and moral improvement. With regard to the Indisas. in Nebraska and Kansas especiaUy, it is all important tAa& these mistakes shall not be perpetuated or repeated, They are in a critical position. They have been saved as long as possible from the contact, ard pressure ef white poplalation, which has gummally beretofore been regarded as fatal to the Indlarss They are now becoming rapidly surrounded by suoh a To>pulutiou, full ef enterprise and energy, by which all t,ba surpls land as far west as any of the border tribe eide will neaeserily seen be required for settlement. 'bere is no Aaao-leftwhere it ispractitab6etoplacetheso slbesseparato and bprioemselves. Their destiny shust be detemnined and wored oMt where they ae Thre they r iA4,4Ye and improve, and become ntted to take an &%tise part in ibe I ennoba Dg struggles of civiliation; or, T elinig Ignorant, lmbcile, and belpless, and acquiring o*4 the fatal vices of civilizxd life, they must sink and r er4sl, like thousands of their race before tbem. A selemr. 'nrty restsupom the Government to do all in its power tr, svay them from the latter fate, and tnere is no time to be' ost Isnadopting al necessary smeasaste to preserve, elevate, anL adyvanoe temm "With large reservation' t ertile and,destrable land. artisely dispioportloned V , tbai_ ratnh fotr s"upanoy Adti Eupport, It wiU be Impossible, when sarrounded br a dense Whte population, to protect them from constant disturbance, iutrusion, and spollation by those on whom the obligations of law and justice rest but lightly, while their large annuities will subject them to the wiles and machinationa of the inhuman trafficker In ardent spirits, the unprin. cipled gambler, and the greedy and avaricious trader and speculator. Their reservationa Bhould be restricted so As to contain only sufficient land to afford them a comfort. able snoport by actual cultivation. and should be properly divided and aseigned to them, with the obligation to rem am upon and cultivate the same, The title should remain JIn the tribe, with the power reserved to the Government, whea any of them become sufficiently intelli:nMt, sber, and industrious, to grant them patents for the odS 8o assigned to them but lesable or alienable only to mnembers of thte tribe, unti they become so far advanced as to ble fitted for the enjoyment of all the rights and privileges of citizens of the United States, Their annuities should be taken and used for the erection of comfortable residences And requisite outbuildings, and otherwise in gradually improving their farm Manual labour schools shoulid be esta. lished, where they could lear how to conduct properly their agricultural pursuits, and especially where the hays could be educated as farmers and the girls in housekeeping and the dairy, and where also there could bo imparted to beth the rudiments of a plain and useful education. Mechaulce' shops should also be established where necessary, and where as many of the boys as possible should be Placed and trained to a knowledge of thte mechanic arts stited to the conditions and wants of their people. It is, if possible, more important that the Indian should be taught to till the soil and to lAbour in mechanica shops thanl to bavo even a common school educAtion. " The adult Indians should be encouraged to cultivate the lands assigned co them, each to have the exclusive control, under the tribal right, of his own possessions and of the products of his own labox ; and, to encourage them to part with their children willingly to be instrueted at the manual labour schools aud In the mechanical shops, the surplus productions of the one or profits of the other should be divided among the parents of the children who aided to produce them. All these arrangements should be under the exclusive control of the Departmaent, as well as the annuities, so far as they can be withdrawn from that of the tribe and applied to accomplish the objects mentioned. "No white person should be permitted to obtain any kind of possession or foothold within the limits of the reservations, nor even to enter them, except in the employ or by permission of the Government, and none should be employed except such as would be actuaUy necessary for the instruction of the Indians. Power should be conferred on the agents to eject sumnarily all intruders from the reservations. They should also be clothed with executiveand judicial authority inrnatters pertainingto their agencies, and appeals from their decisions be allowed to the saperintendents, and thence to the Department. But to carry out the syasem successfuly It would be necessary to rtlieve the Indians from the example of the worthless idlers and vagrants of the tribe, as well as those whose wild habits and roving dispositions would preclude them from settlng down quietly and orderly. All such should be colouized by themselves, in anchpositions as not to admit of much, if any, communication or intercourse with the settled portions of their tribes. For such colonies places could be found somewhere about Bent's Fort and the heads of the Arkansas and Platte rivers. " This plan is applicable at present only to such Indians as those located at Nebraska and Kansas. The wilder tribes could not be brought at once within the entire system, as they could not at first brook the restraint and confinement. They must undergo a preliminary training, being gradually induced to abandon their nomadio and wandering habits, and to settle down on larger reservations, where for a time they would have to be sustained until tiey could be influenced to make the necessary exertions to support themselves by cultivating the soiL " The settlement of the questions arising under varions treaties in which reservations have been grauted inseveralty to Indians in Kansas and Nebraska presents many difficulties, which I know of no way of overcoming except by Congress authorizing the Department to sell the lands, and to control the proceeds thereof in such a manner as to render them effeotive for the assistance and benefit of the rsservees. "The reports in regard to the four great south-western tribes-the Cherokees, Creeks, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, are very favourable. Their regularly organized and stable governments and laws, well suited to their condition and circumstances, their general devotion to industrial pursuits, and their comparative national and individnal Prosperity evince a most creditable and gratifying degree of advancement in the fundamental elements of civilization. Some, if not all of them, appear to be expecting and preparing for an important change In their political and municipal relations with the United States, and there is no doubt that suitably organized territorial governments may, with great propriety and advantage, be extended to them at an early day. Until suchi a chan2e shall become expedient it is recommended that there shall be United States' courts established at suitable points within the territory of these Indians, for the trial of cases arising there under our laws. The embarrassments and expense to which they are subjected In being compelled to attend tho Federal Court in Arkansas, and the difficulty in sectring the attendance of witnesses, give rise to cases of great hardship, amounting to a denial of justice. "I submit here with a copy of the late annual message of John Ross, principal chief of the Cherokees, to their National Council, which is worthy of speial attention, as presenting, doubtless,a correct viewv of thegeneral condition of the tribe, as well as inportsnt questions for the consideration of the authorities of the United States. " For several successive years the tribes In the Southern Superintendency suffered extremely from drought. Dmrine the present season, however, they have had timely ani abundant rains, have consequently ralsed fine crops, and are amply supplied with all the necessaries of ILle. "It is expected that the Seminoles will soon remove and settle within the district of country provided for them by the treaty with them and the Creeks, of August, 1856, and that, having a separate country, and enjoying the right of self-government, with ample means for the improvement and support of the whole tribe, their brothren in Florida can be induced peaceably to emLigrate and join them. Both the Creeks and Western Seminoles have manifested an entire readiness to comply with their obligations under the treaty of co-operating with the Department in its efforts to effect the peaceful removal of the Florida Seminoles, and large delegations of both tribes, in charge of the superintendent for that district, will soon be on their way to the scene of operations for the purpose of endeavoarin to accomplsh that object. Thi dmovement has been somewnat delayed in consequence of the superintendent having been charged with the disbursement of the moneys payable to the several tribes within his superintendency. This service was imposed upon him m conformity with the regulation adopted by the President in March 1ast, to ca out an apparent wish of Congress, as evinced by a proviso in the Act maling appropriations for the Indtan Department, passed at the last Sesdon, that tbe moneys due to Indians should be paid by the superintendents instead of by the agents, as heretofore. The proviso, not Laing obligatory, was not necessary, as the President had already the powver to require the suplerintendents to make such payments, whenever he deemed it proper; as had been repeatedly done. The President having directed the change, it has been tried, but found to be impracticable without great injustice to the Indians and injury to the public service. It devolves an undue amount of labour and responsibility upon the superintendents, while it leaves comparatively none to the agents, and destroys all their influence for good with the Indians. One tribe has to wait till another is paid, which causes jealousy and ill feeltng, and it requires so much time to pay them in succession that those last reached receive their money long after it shoold have been paid to them. It necessarily runs the later payments Into mid winter, when the Indians cannot be assembled without subjecting them to great expenses, hardships, and oertain danger of fatal diseases. It is also attended with much greater expense in consequence of the g' and assistants which the superintendent Is compelled to employ for the safety of the moneys wbile travelling about with them in the Indian country from tribe to tribe, or in providing for those which he has to leave behind. I therefore recommend that the system be abandoned, and that the duty be reimposed upon the agents with such checks and guards as may be requisite to secure its proper and faiatlful porfornance. It beiDg necessary that the Southern Superintendent sbould proceed to FlorAda on the duty referred to before completing the payments in his district, he wvas, with the sanction of the President, directed to turn ov-r the unpaid moneys in his hands to the agents for the tribes to whom they belong for payment. "While on the subject of payments to Indians I beg leave to call attention to the evil effecis of Ier capita paysments,, which system hss been in force For some years. The great body of the Indians can be managed only through the chiefs. Theper capita system breaks down tie latter, reduces them to the level of the common Indiaxns, and destroys all their influence. ft thus disorganizes and leaves them practically without a domestio governmea*t lessens tleir respect for authority, and blunts their perception of the necessity and advantages of any proper and effective system of governmeutal organisatton, tuoning them backvard, instead of leading them forward in the scale of advancement. Wizth the diminished control and influence of the chiefs thexe is inoreased lawlvssness on the part of the members, and hence tho greateri number of oatzages on the person and property of other Indians and our ciii- sans Nor is tha per rapita payment cystom of any projection or advantage a,, tbe individual ndian. Bis esM of the annuity Is known bsforseand, and it is an easy matter to induce hiri in advanco tz gamble It off, or pledge it for whisky or antieka of no material use toehitm and at or aJfter the payment to take or c-llect the asnounS from him. The distribution of the mnoney should he left to the chief Fs o far at leesb as to enable them to punisl the lawvless and mnuly lay witlhholding it from Othm and giving it to the more ozderly and meritorious. They should he allowed to report on the conudut oE the individuals of the tribe-being as far as possibl held respo3siblo therefoze-and She agent to pay the money accowding to a 07aduatea scale, having reference to tbe industrious habts and ood conduct of individuals, aS he fhorid tind t. be jast, reserving fit him the right to ioquire into the acti-on of the ehie.s vwhenever complair t s1oul& be made, =& to change or modify saeh action whp n- *ver he might discover that they had dealt unjustly w iab any rnember of their tribe. "It is ie1pectfullly suggested tba' some definl:e action shonld be had upon the treaties heretofore _aae." with the Quapawa, the Samenas, and the Sencr rn-;i S'awaee%, residmg adjacent to the -outh-western corner of Ulssouri, vwbich weere submittpd to the consideration of the tionate at the session of 1W&54 If not' soh as ih ald be rat fied, others of a proper character sh'hld b* negotiated -this being necessary for the welfare e Z the Indians, s:nd to carry out the objects of the Act of lf,53. A treaty shenld liliewie be enterA into -with the 'Cherokees to ac nirs from them thle SOO OC0 acres of Ian , in eh Samne Iw3\aiby, known a s the ' neutral ground,' on wiDh iettlhme3t are alredy being made, contrary 'to our obligations to the Cherokees. and which tract ther arowillin- to disposa of in order to obtain the means o ' .iquldat'ng their crnslderabl' atiional debt, and to augeer t their in8asffloeuet sahol and I rphan funds. thi nuUin oko n large tract of lai , Kansas was, years ago, set aparl Ior the New Yari.> .m8~' an-, who were then. expected i remove there; but subsequent arrangements Lavosettlod the great body of them on reservations in the State. Sach of tbem as have remnoved ehould be aigned the 320 acres pTomised to tbem, and the remainder of the lands ba crought into market for the benefit of our citizens who are rapidly filling up the territory. "Preliminary measares have been adopted for colonizing, as soon as possiblo, on the tract of country leased from the Choctaws anid Chickasaws for the purpose, the Witcheta and other Indians intended to be located there. "The colonization of the Indians of Texas, on the resarvation set apart by the State for that Amrposeeis progressing favourably, and as rapidly as the dituoultiee and obstcles incident to such a measure will permit. I The supervising agent represents with much confidenoe that tho several colonles will soon be in a condition to support themselves. In the meantime there will be a gradual i nd material decrease of expense. The amount requisite Ir next year is $91,707 SOc. The same officer estimates that that for the succeeding year will not be so great by about $30,000. "Thls is the only practicable system for redeeming the wild, lawless, and roaming tribes within our borders. It is expensive at first, beoause the Indians have to be subsisted and otherwise provided for, and made comfortable until they gradually settle down and oommence to work for their own support, which experience has demonstrated they can be induced to do. In the end it is the most economical course; but, however great the expense, it is one which both humanity and good policy require should be incurred. The resources of these IndLians from the chase are rapidly failing them, caused in no slight degree by the extension of our settlements, and their country being traversed in every direction by our people. Many of them are compelled to live by plunder, and hence the frequent outrages against other Idians and the whites. In their dispersed condition the namerous military psts that have to be kept up and the oogtly expeditions that have frequently to be undertaken to hold them in check, together with the sums rhich Government is bouud to pay for 8saes sustained from their depredations, probably involve and amount to an expense far greater than would be necessary to collectand colonize them. Tho Indians of Now Mexico are begmning to have some understanding and appreciation of our power and resources, and the nocesity of their pres rving peace with one another and with the whites. They ale generally willing to be settled on reservations, which is essential to their preservation and welfare, as well as for the interests and security of our frontier CitizeDs. "A favourable commencement has been made and liberal aspropriations by Congress are necessary to carry out the policy in regard to them. The PFeeblo Indians hold the tracts which they occupy and cultivatA by grants from tho Spanish or Mexican Government., and immediate steps should be taken to have them sur7eyed and set apart from the surrounding lands. This has become the more necessary in the case of the Pimos and Maricopas Indians since tho establishment of mail routes throagh their country, which will induce and increase white settlements, that may conflict with their rights and incite them to hostility. For a brief description of tbe cbaracter and situation of these peculiar and interesting people, and the views of this office as to the importance of protecting them from such encroachments, I respectfully refer to my report of 28th of May last, Under an. Act approved March 3, 1857, an agent was appointed for the Indians in the territory purchased from Alexico by the last treaty with that Government; but from circumstances beyond his control he has not yet been able to furnish the department with much information in relation to them. "- To supply this deficlency I submit an Interesting commsunication upon the subject from Lieutenaut S. Mowry, of the army, who has for some time been stationed in the country, and appears to be weli informed in regard to the character and disposition of the Indians inhabi it. "TheIndians of the Plains within the Upper A sr s and Upper Platte Ageneles, and embracing the Apaches, Ara. pahnoes Comanches, Cheyennes, and Xreways, have,with the oxcoepton of the two latter, been quiet and peacefully disposed during the year. The Cheyennes have been in open hestlity and committed many outrages, and, though they were chastized during the rummer by a body of troops nnder the command of Colonel Sumner, of the army, it is feared that they are not yet sufficiently subdued to expect that they will abstain from further lavless acts when opportunities offer of indulging their feelings of hostility. In consequence of their bad conduct their proportion of the annuity presents sent ouat for them and the other Indians of the Upper Arkansas agency vwas not delivered to them. Nor should the Eroways, who have also manifested a decidedly hoctUe disposition, have received their share; but the agent was compelled to let them have it to pravent their taking it by force. To keep the tribes inhabiting and roaming through the country on the Upper Arkansas under propr subjection, and to protect our oommunication with New Mexico, it would seem to be essential that there should be a military pest established at some proper point in that region. "'The scanty information we bave in regard to the lndians of 'Utah is not reliable or satisfactory. It is much to be feared that they have been tampered with, and their feelings toward the United States alienated to such an extent by the Mormons that in any difficulties with the latter a large portion of them may be found on the aide of those enemies of our Government and laws. Such a state of things has been apprehended by this office for some time, as wtU be seen fromn the reports upon the subject from the Aoting-Commissloners of Indian Affairs to your predecessor in 1855. " The Superintendent for California reports that universal peace prevails among the tribes throughout tho State -' that not a hostie sentiment is entertained by the Indians in any portion of the State, and a general feeling of security pervades the entire white population.' "He further states that 'the progress of the reserva. tions is attended with as great a degree of success as could be expected or desired by the most sanguine friends of that sytem- ' that 'the Indians perform with entire wiUingness all the isboar required,' and that 'the progress they have made in acquiring a knowledge of the pursuits of industry is remarkable and in the highest degree encouraging to the friends of the system ot subeisflng Iudians by their own labour.' Among other interesting evidences of this good result, he cites the fac' that at the Nome Lackee reservation the wheat crop of this year, consisting of over 10,000bushels, was entirely harvested, threshed, sacked, ad hauled to the storehouse by the Indians, attended by only two white mon as overseers, "- An extreme drought has cut off the crops on the reservations In the southern part of the State, and additional expense may have to be inourred to save the Indians from suffering from that cause, which every effort is being muade to yrevent. 'Five reservattons in all have been established-viz., Sebastian or Tejon, Elemath, Nome Lake, Mendocino, and Freeno Farm-on which about 11,239 Indians have been colonized, and are in course of being successfully trained to habits of Industry. Fron the representations of the superintendent there must be a marked difference in the habits end condition of those who have settled on the reservations, and these who have not yet submitted tbem. selves to this beneficent plan for their preservation and im- provement. " A most reprehensible praotice has prevailed to some exent in California of kidnapping Indian childran and selling them for servants, This practice has been confined to a few persons, and I am happy to say that it has been condemned and discountenanced by the great mass of the eople. There have, however, been some difficulties growing out of it, but, energetic meaures having been adopted by ihe Government to suppress it, and some of the parties engaged in It having been convicted and sent to the penitentiary, It is believed that there will not be a renewal of these troubles. " A large number of claims have been presented for c ayment for supplies furnished the Indian service in California during the years 1851 and 1852, which have not heen paid for want of appropriations, but which have been constantly pressed on this office. Attention was caUed to this matter by Commissioner Lea on the 7th of Apri, 1852, in a communication to the Secretary of the Interior, in which be recommended that nn appropriation should be nmade to enable the department to investigate the claims. On the 13th of the same mionth, in response to a resolutioa ef the Senate, he renewed this recommendation, but no action wars takeun by Congress in reference to- it untilS 185-1 when, by the Act of 29th of July of that year, a special appropriaticn of $183,825, with interest thereon fromL the 1st day of June, 1851, at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, was made to pay John Charles Fremont, who was one of the claimants. Congress having thus acI Dowledged the validity of these claims, I beg laave to. renew the reconsmerdatlon of Commissioner Lea, that they shouid be investilated with a view to their final settlement. As the matter stands at present some of tbo Comrnissioners are charged with large. sums of money, and as they allege that they were surrounded with suah a state of afflrs as to make thwse expeditures necessary in order to avert an Indian war a wid stha their action did have that dffect, ir. ia proper that thbir conduct .shorld be investlgated, and if found jastfli*ble, that,they should be relieved from-such havy liabiitiee andhav their accounts adjusted with the Government. "1! would invito special attention to the aeport. of the Su;oxintendent for Oregon and Washington, iroa whilit appears to be movifst that our relations wish tho Indinaze in those territories are In a vezy critieal condition, and that un-Jer the exiAting state of things there is a constant Niability to a general outbreak oa their part from u-y disturbing cause5 which. must Involve the expene;aurc of millions to sabdus thiem, as well as the most lauseatable lss of life and property by the insufficie-Ay protected white inh.abiiants. The nonratieoat:.on of the treaties heretofore made to extinguish their ti ites to the lands nocess for the occupancy and use of our citizens seems to have produced no little disanpoint. ment; and the continued extension of our settlements into tbeir terrftory, without any compensation being made to ther,s, is a constant source of dissatisfaction and hostile feelixF,. They are represented as being willing to dispose o£ t,eir land to the Government; and I know of no alternativ. ,o tho present unsatisfactory and dangerous state of thigDs but the adoption of early measures for tho extingaishinet of their title, and their coloniza'ion on properly locaied reservations using and applying the consideraziou n,reed to be allowed to them for their lIand to sub. sist and clothe thorn, until they can be taught and inflin. enced to support and sustain tbemselves. The losr.es ani damnage to the G.overnment an,d to the citizens rasultii-g from another general outbreak on the part of those Irnd.e su would probably fully equal, if not exceed, in am'runt what would be necessary to buty out and colonize the,n so thx' they could be efficiently onrtrolled, if not 5i'tBoved and civlitzed. Ou~rsettlements. as well as the friendly Indi'.stsaloc Puget Sound and the waters of! Admiralty, Irjet, suffer iatertally from the predator t incursions of the Jldiie;s from Vsn Couver's Islnd and the other adjacent Britisbh and Russian poesessions. They are an enterp.ing, warslike rice, and generally make their expeditiouts ).,y rater in large boats or canoes, sonue of them large en jugh to carry 100 men, which they propel with muon ssv'ftness To afford the receaTary protection to our people from their frequaent depredations th employment of a light draught armed s'eamer in those waters to intercept aud chastise tbem, is essential. " Referring to the repast ot the superintendent for the Southern S,sporintendeni:, who has elaborately and ably disguised the Bubjeqt is aeligsdion to the Iudian h lit di6tziot, I urgently repeat the recommendation of mr immediaht predecessor, that there be an eafly and complete revision and coiification of all the aws relating to Indian affairs, which from lapse of time and material changes In the location, condition, and circumstances of the most of tba tribes havo become so insufficient and unsuitable as to occmsion the greatest embarrasement and difficalty ia conductiog the business of this branch of the publio service. "All of which is respectfully submitted "By your obediient servant, "1J. W. DENVER, Commissioner."
SALT WATER IN THE SERPBNTIN, TO THF EDITOR OF TE3 TIMES. Sir,-Another West Countryman would recommend your correspondent who advise that salt water be brought up from Brighton to fill the Serpentine to peruse pages 51.2 of the second Rcport on Qmarantine by the General Board of Eealth. I en(lose the extract for your own information, and that' you may be enabled to forward the same to the "W est Countryman" should you prefer not to iasert this in your valuable journal. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. T. BAKER. ; 5, Bedford-place, Kensington, Dec. 29. " These swamps are sittated at distances from the garrison, varying from two miles sad -haf, to its immediate neighboarhood. The nearest to it appears to be a tidal swamp, receiving the pernicious mixture of salt and fresh - water. There is no question as to the highly injurious nature of this a mixture, but some observers regard it as so extremely noxious that they attribatn to this cause the peculiar liability of seaport towns to epidemics in general, and to yellow fever in partioular. " ' The yellow fever,' ob2erves Dr. A. Browne, ' has so frequently appeared in seaports as to give a curtain air of probability to the assertions of those who believe that this oiSeasoe must be always imported. Contagionists, however, as well as their eoponents, have albost entirely overlooked the fact that suoh ports, generally situated near the embouchures of rivers, or on narrow inlets having rivers running into them, are more exposed than other places to the causes of insAlubrity, whish depend on the mixture of fresh with salt 3ater. " ' Now this mixture of fresh with salt water is one of the conditiozs wvhich Is most favourable for the productlon of rralaria, probably in part from the destruction of organic life which it occasions, and ia part from the elements which itfurnishes for chymicallreaetions. The following JIlustration, taken from the report of AT. delier, will decide this point. " ' The lo^aliSy of the experlment, for sach It maybe truly called, -was the Alaremma of Lucca, on the shore of the Mediterranean. The ground is divided into three prindpal basins, interspersed wisth numerous lakes and pools, which for ages had been inw iated from time to time by the sea, thus canuing the mixture of fresh with salt water. The insalabrity of this distrct, we are told, was so great that " inevitable death" was the consequence of passing a single night daring the months of Aug=ss and September in this postilential locality. In order to remedy this sad state of affairs, in 1740 a valved sluioe was placed in the Barlamaaca -the channel by which the sea water entered the principal basdn-so constructed as to shut out the tides when they rose, and to allow the fresh water to escape when they ebbed. There works were finished in 174L The success wes so complets that fevers, which had never before failed to appear, ceased in the following year, and from that time the district became healthy. The-village of Viaregglo, previously abandoned, became an important place, and a favourite summer residence of the first families in Lucca. In 1768 and 1769 the fevers suddenly reasppeed, as in their worst periods, What had happened? Only this-the sluica hd got out of repair, and the wFaters were again maixed, The slUice was rerpired, and fever disappeared, The deaths, which had risen to 1 in 15, were reduced in the following year to 1 In 40, of the inhabitants. The same accident oocrrred In174-5, with shnilar consequences, and the eviL wvas remedied in the same manner. Similar sluices were established at Cinquala i 1812, at Motrona in 1819, and at Tonfalo in XI21. Every where thsu success was the san- ; the expesiment is as conclusive as it is undeniable. Similar results have since bean experienced at other placoe in Italy and ia France. " ' The pond of Lindre-Basse, in the departmnnt of the W6urthe, affords a curious illustration of the effects of the difieren. conditions under which nmlaria is generated in modifying diseases arising from pelnud&l infotion. This fislhpond, m&Laged according to the trie2nial rotation system oommon in Sologne, Is two years under water and one year dry. In the first year it is half filled, and gives rise to intermittent fevers; in the second year it is full, and typhoid fever prevails; in the third year, after ueing fished, it is left dry and caltivated ha a field, and in this year carbancular affections appear. These diseases have succeded one another as regularly and Invariably as the different states of the pond for a period of 16 years and the idea naturally suggests itselt that diseases which have a common origin mnst have wore or less a common nature, however mtuch they nsys differ in outward appearance,'" TO THE RDITOB. CF THE TIMES. Sir,-The suggestion of your correspondent, " A Wes' Countryman," as regards the convermion. o: the Serpentine inio a salt water lake seems to mo i every way deserving of comsddera.iou, yet- I cannot agree with him in the feasibility of the plan he proposes. For how is it to be done ? I preusume . n Act of Parliment, authorizing the construction of the aoueduct, must be first obtained, and that is both tedious and expensive; then comes tl'e purchase of the ground or right of way, the cost of construction, and when the pipes are cast and fitted, will the water flow to London, or must there be some motive power to force ithtber ? Then must be talen into acoount the cost of working, the probability of accidents, and tbe result of incrustation within the pipes; the delay, too, before the apparatus will bo in working order, and the settlement ot the point who isto pay for it, unite iarenderng our chances rather problenazaixl I cordially apee with him in regarding the possession ot a clear salt water lake highly desirable, asuc moze especially when viewed iucoutrast with the putrescent mass of liquid nrud we call the Serpentine. May I beg tha favour of your space while I point out how easily this may be done, and at an expense comparatively.trifling, in -tba manner so fan Ular to all. ?overs of tho aquarius,-.e, the matufaoture of an artiacial sea water bv the adal xture of the proper salts in the fresh water. I rsga-d It as sBiwvly a question or extent, and that it Is as easy to convert the Serpentine into a salt water lake as to. form a marine aquarium in one of tho pretty tanko- now- so general. One poins must be attended to, and that is- the removal of all irud, the thorough cleausing.of the presens pond, and the lining with, concrete. I would suggest, too, that, instead of a mere s"' water bath, it,might, be made-to possess very high ir 'ersst if stocked with the hardier zophytes and sea zveeds and some of the conunon fish whieh surrouud our sbores; this, I think, may bo accomplished witbout offeaing any Impediment to bathers. The late Mr. London, in an old rnmber of the Gi4'dnees Mfapa-i7u, described an arrangemero by which the effects of tide night hte iutroduced. in small lakes ; this, ifi practicable, would add much to the; beaulty cud interest of the lsk:. I doubt- not Mr. Gossecould furnish many ' saxble hi.ats on - the proper construetioa and arrangement of It, and so one can be more fitted to direct it than he whobhas opened-up new-scenes ef instruction ancX delight by. his-revelations of, Ife among thelower mrdaers, I anm,.Sir, sour-obedient' servant. A. C. Jec n9.
LISEXRE QF COUNSEL. TO TEE EDITOPR OF Tm TINES. Si*,-I think ' X. Y, Z."' is entihled to consider that hiz cau-does not very "nearly resemblO that of the 01 Baile7,genWeran who,wikhout aiy such istruotionsor informapto-a as "X. Y. Z's,'tcoined oat of his. own head tba scandalo-as. Suggcstio falsi, which ought to have been rebnked in a sel more strildng 1Danner than by your leading article or by the wish which Kai JustioeBrle eapressed the o0her day, tt there were a 7ower to Droseont* counseL I think iP " X Y. E;" re.-ly bolds tbhr he is bcand to adopt any defence.whiok ke prsoner insists.upon, pro- *rded it be a porsible-o4se, an4 not-known o himself to be. untrue, ho. Is, entitiad-to 846cribse. hirn" anice, bid,wa and I am oontont tn.reminb AN ILL B13D. Templa> Dec. 25.
FAL BozzR. RXULOSIOX.-A4 steam s ngin. boiler conueotod with a oolliery at th ontskirt of Leed. explc-ad 7Ost.rday p-Tucsd&y) morning,, using the deatbi, of -TJo3epl, Gearsida one oL th. propoeeores of tL-o1Iiery, and.abriouSly ujuring two other psisons. The ^olliery at 'A Ling the =Cldeni happened, is kaown as the axehlls.. lans CollieMy, sit.sto on the Yoxtkread,, abotwo.najlea. fmm the centre of Leeds. it is the property of Messrs. CArsido Brothers. The explosion took place abont a quarter past 7 e4clock in tbhe morning, and reeuldtodin the death. Of Mr. Ioeseph Gsreide, and, in. the. serious injny of. tho. engimcrmar. Peogoe Haigh) andl a boy Droned Charles Crnr,., The boiler was au old cylindrnl one,, about. : 26 fcoS long by 2 f;et 10 inchesx, the metal.apflaxeaitly of very inferilo, qlility. It was fired friom beneatb, an&'L waa auttplm2d witk water through a saotn pipe tnom. a murd well on the lefLhand side, when the ergina. vs in motion. It was or,4 ftted with VI; ordinary safety valve ani float. 01 -.ounday a leak was discovered la the. boiler, and tho works were stopped to ailon of the necesssiy repaxsn being made, work being resumd, on TuerdzT_morn. iIg at. tho usal hour. Nothing occred to exc ke the. attention of the eneueman until about a quarteipast 7; when the boiler explo;ded with a loudrepoxt, ans tIe "ter murt of the upperportion of the boiler was thrown into an adjoining field, while the bed wafs shattered to atouis, some cf +he briclis being yrojeeted a dlstaneo of 10 yards. Assisronce h;v'ng been obtained, the body of M-. Joseph Garsidc was fou-nd ou tha right of tbe boiler in a frightfully shatteeAi condition, and it is supposed that h%. bad just arrived on the spot to inquire how the boiler was worklng, when he was sbnrek by the part blown off, and the debris, and killod instantly. The engineman waa found near the mouth of the firebox very mruuo kuised and scalded, and the boy Ctran was found Sn the mud well, also sevsrely scalded, and only just alive .The body o_ MAr. Garside was iu the first instaace removed to the White Horse, a neighbouring publiobouse, and thenoe to his owrL residence at BurmantoSts, Ieeds; Haigh and Craun were conveyed to the Leeds lnfirms.ry, where they tow ]ie in a very precarious stats, The boUler was about ].2-horas power, and, the oauzo of the explosion is supposed to have been a ECawty oe washer ze inquest WIv b held to-dy (Wqa1Wdq'
FORBIGN IYTBLLGBENOB. FRANCE. CiltM OT1TR ONVN CORRFSYONfl1VT.1 MThe following appeared In our second editio3a of yes. I(rdav :-1 PARIS. MONDAY, DEC. 28, 6 p.K. A private letter from Strasburg, of the 24th inst., gives some particulars relative to the atate of the traffic on the Rhine. The writer says:- "The present year, which is drawing to a close, has been no of the most unfavourable whioh the river traffic has for Xome time experienced. The drought of last summer Seduced the Rhine, the waters of which are ordinarily so ibundant, to the proportions of a petty river, and the navi. aation of the stream wan often seriously Impeded. The accidents were numerous. Frequent collisions occurred between steamers and sailing vessels. Several laden with mer. chaudise went to the bottom. Some were with great diffiunity raised, and many, in order to escape a similar dsaster, took only half a cargo on board. There were some, too, that did not venture to leave the Rhenish porbs, but remained iliethe greater part of the summer. At Manhelm,gayenoe, Coblentz,Cologne, and Ecamerich the navigation was greatly Interfered with, aud the boate were laid up. This inactivity was, however, not wholly unattended by advantages. In certain parts the shaUowness of the water alUowed the exeoution of works which the Rhine la its ordinary state ,would render impossible. Near Bingen and St. Goar, for nstance, rocks -were blasted which lay in the bed of the xiver. These and other similar improvements did not, howtver, indemnify the parties interested in the navigation of the Rhine for the losses they otherwise sustained. It may ibe confidently stated that the official returns of the commer&ial movement of the Rhine for 1857 will show a faUing off as compared with the average returns of preceding years, and that the deficiency of water has produced a result such as Las not as yet been caused by the paraUel lines of railroad on the right and left banks of the liver, " For a series of years the river traffic showed a rapid and sustained progress; in the course of 20 years it had more than doubled. Manheim, for instance, where in 1836 the Imports and exports amounted to 530,00D qiantils, had in 185G, 5,000,000. In 1836 the trade of Mayence was about 2,000,000 of quintals; it reached 3,000,000 in 1856. In the course of these 20 years Coblentz increased from 1,000,000 of quintals to 2,000,000, and Cologne from 4,000,000 to 7,500,000. Owing to the cause I have just mentioned, inamely, the faiHure of the waters, that advance has met with a serious interruption. Of course, the receipts wlli cffer a similar decrease. In 1855 the navigation dues of the buina produced 2,562,931f.; in 1856, 2,910,548f. The pre. Feat year will certainly not be equal to 1856, nor even to 1855. " Comparatively with the receipts of the German offices, those of the French are low, and yet France spends considerable sums in the works she carries on for the security of tbe navigation and the promotion of the traffic. In 1850 th- river States of the Rhine expended a sum of 4,400,JOOf. in the conservancy of the channel and the jb3al,s. This sum was assessed as foliows:- Francs. Baden ... 891,G00 Bavaria ... ... 130,000 France .. ... 914,000 Hesse ... .. 105,000 Holland ... ., 1,300,000 Nassau ... ... l0,Q0C rrussia ... ... 950,0CO Fran-ce, then, contributes to a very large amount in propor. tion to the commercial interests she possesses in the navi. gati^a of the Rhine. " The Central Navigation Commission, which some time Lback held its annual meeting at Mayence, took into consideration the lowering of the dues on vessels in the river. The delegates from Baden and Bavaria in particular inslsted on t'nat reduction, and they showed very clearly the incon. ve-ience of the present dues, and the danger that wouad Xe;,0t hereafter from their continuance. They were sap. ported by the French and Dutch delegates. Prmssia was tnclined to make concessions, but the representatives of 31esss and Nassau persisted in their wonted oppositlon to any material modification of the dues with a view to their ,eduction. Those two petty States, which only possess a snall patcih of territory on the Rhine, thus paralyze the Javourable disposition of other States far more conBlderable. ' The con.sequences produced by this system of high duties on the Rhine are very severely felt. Formerly the -trausit trade of Elngland with Switzerland was by the alhiae, and formed one of the most Important resources of the navigation. Some years ago it changed,and it now goes iby another route. The cotton embarked at Liverpool for Switzerland is forwarded from Havro by railroad to Basle, s'iii Paris and Strasburg. In a short time the line from 1'aris to Mulhouse will open a new route for the transport of goods, and the Rhine will then be deprived of all its gains, to the profit of the Frenoh railroads. '" While the commercial development of the Rhine is thus dieeply injured, the works of the railroad on the left bank, which will connect, by a direct line, Cologne and Strasburg, are actively going on. There is already a line of rais beAwfeen Cologne and Bonn. The section from Bonn to Roia,.dkeck was opened some months ago, and the one from :Rolandseck to Remagen wil be opened in a few weeks, that fromu Remagea to Bahl in the spring, and by next autaman we expect it will reach Coblentz. The only part wanting to complete the line on the left bank is from Co. kble'tz to Bingen, and this will be finished in the course of 1359. " The navigation of the Rhine has therefore lost one of It, elements of activity-namely, the carrying trade, in con. sequaence of the competition of the French railoads, If the rIver States do not suppress the dues the navigation is gone Tor ever. A continuous line of raU along the left bank of the river, and parallel to its course, from Cologne to Stras. 1;urg and Basle, will command the wholo of the commercial Dasovemnent between all the towns on the Rhine." Opinions are divided with respect to the com2nercial crisis which has prevailed in Paris and the depari;ments. Some assture us that aU difficulties itave ceased among commercial people; others maintain the contrary. It appears certain that the 1Freuch merchants have not been as yet so severely aflected by the embarrassments which have arisen in 2ieiuhbouring countries as might have been expected. Before it can be said, however, that all dMiculties are 1surnou1nted, it is necessary to wait tiUl the bills due on the 31st inst. and those coming due in Jan11ary, are all paid. It is now ascertained that many of tle commercial bills due on the 15th inst. were 5'enewed. This mode of settlement neither places iThe cash in the hands of merchants and manufacturers, of which they have much need, nor has it disiiiuished the amount of the bills payable. It has XuCe.ely postponed payment. Everybody in France appears to be possessed of cash at this 3nomient, except the merchants and manufacturers, asid the best proof that the latter are Jn -ant of this essential elernent of commerce is that labouir is to a great degree suspended in the manufactories, that the bondinog stores are encumnbered withi articles of primary necessity-such as cotton, cz?Iee, sigar, silk, and wool-and that traffic is diminishin'g on the railways. The Paris corn and flour market was unusualUy quiet last week. It is l ot expected that there will be much activity in the coril trade before the end of January, when the prececliirg year's accounts are closed. Flour of the best qluality has fallen to o0f. 50c. the sack of 157 :kilograninnes. Good quality from the Beauce, the Barthe, and Brie are quoted at 50f. and 49f. the sack. There was very little business done in the corn market. Samples of wheat from Sens and Ilontereau, for which 2,f. 50c. and 28f. were asked, were sold at 27f. and 27f. B0c. the hectolitre. The fall in the price of wheat during the week may be setdown at 60c. the hectolitre on prime 'wheat, and lf. on ordinary qualities. There was lardly anything done an rye. The price is nominal at 1,f. and I,f. oOc. the weight of 115 kilogrammes. 3arley is likewise dull of 8ale at 17f. the 110 l :logyrarim es for samples from Champagne. There is little variation in oats, though prime samples are scarce. Light oats from Burgundy, weighing H22 kilogramuaes the three hectolitres, areunsaleable. The following private telegrams have been received from the country markets:- " "is RAS, Dec. 26.-Market not woe supplied, comigng afte the ho ydays. The price of wheat we ll maintained, Irom 15f. to 19f. the heotolitre. " CARTRFs, Dec. 26.-Market badly suppled. Busiuess active. PrIces Well Maintained. Oats MOre firM. " DIJON, Dec 26.-A deolino of 25c. the 100 kilogrammes 3n wheat. " MONTERrEAtu, Dec. 26.-Little business doing. Pricas the same as last week. "O O }LnLi;s, D eo , 26.- Sales languid. A fall of 50c. the hsectolitre in wheat. Prices from l7f. 32c. to 1Sf. 66c. the lectoltre." The cattle markets of Sceaux and Poissy were wwel supplied last week, and prices lower. The folowlnog are the auotion Prices for beef, mutton, and veal in the Paris market :-Ox beef, ordinary qualit iy, from 94c. to lf . 42C. the kilo ; ribs anxd sirloins, if. 22c. to 2f. 2c. Cow beef, ordinary aqtuality, 74c. to lf. 48c.; ribs and sirloins, 74c. to j C ?- 'X..As entire sheep, 40c. to i f. 28c G. hind- ,. x. :.o; fC. :01F. 2c.eal, entire o z or 72c. to lf. 60c. Quantity sold, comprising all descriptions, 36,677 Idlogrammes 56 grammes. Butchers' taUow is sold at 136f. 70c. the 100 kilogrammes, including the octroi duty payable at the gates, which is 7f. 20c. the 100 kilogrammes. There was very little business done at the wvine market of Bercy last week. In the meantime the stock in the stores is daily increasing. Besides a conderable quantity received by railway seven boatloads of red and white wines arrived from Pouilly and Sancerre, and four boats from Burgundy. Wines were in good demand at Bordeaux during the week. The wines, of Blaye of the last vintage were sold at from 410f. to 450f. the hogshead. The wines of Narbonne and Cahors are not much wanted. A sale by auction of 90 casks was effected at 255f. the cask of 225 gallons. At Pezenas there were a few sales made at 168f. the cask of 175 gaUons. At Cette both Frenoh and Spanish wines are heavy in the market. French wines of the neighbourhood are quoted at frora 140f. to 1 50f. the cask of 175 gallons, and Spanish wines from 42f. to 45f. the hectolitre, according to quality. At Nimes, and in the towns throughout the Gard, we hear complaints of a complete stagnation in trad3. In Burgundy, on the contrary, business is brisk, and all the Beaune, first quality, hao been bought up by the trade. The sale of brandy is very diffacult at Cognac at present, though there are many sma]l proprietors who want money and would willingly sell, bat they cannot find buyers. The last accounts from Constantinople announce that the Porte Is favourable to the demand of he Latin Fathers to be permitted to repair the cupola of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre at their own expense. The Latin Fathers had received the support of the French Government. It has been remarked that suicides have been very frequent in the French army for some time past. The Mlinister of War has sent letters of thanks to several colonels of regiments for having published orders of the day stigmatizing such acts of cowardice. I am informed that Rear-Adriral Penaud has been appointed Governor of the Island of Reunion, in the Indian Seas, in place of xM Hubelb de Lisle, appointed Senator. The Abbe Faudon, cure of St. Roch, is to be appointed to the Bishopric of Versailles, in place of Monseigneur Gros, deceased. The Univers, with the view of proving to Piedmont and Belgium how hopeless it is for them to attempt to imitate English institutions, gives the following sketch, which has atbleast the merit of originality, of the working of self-government in England: ":England has always been a counry of factions; In that country power,which was once decapitated,remains muzzled -all is organized for resistance. Parties of every shade of politics fight upon equal terms; corruption and violence prevail alike in every camp; it is enough to read an account of any English election to be convinced of thisThere is no such thing as a Government to incline the balance either to the right or to the left. Everybodyspeaks freely, but then everybody s ready to support his opinion by fsticniffs and firearms. The slngular result of this state of seoiety is a respect for a majority ! And, In point of fact, -when majorities are in the habit of resorting to force to defend themselves, an damute maust always be a mistake; minorities only rebel when majorities are disarmed; the hope of the insurgent lies In the inertness of the majority. Now, when society possesses such a thing asa Government, It trusts to Government for its protection; majorities slumber in peace, and are then liable to be surprised and defeated by a suadden attack. But the English Government by its very weakness and insignificance Is proof against insurrection. If a set of conspirators were to take London, make Queen Victoria and Lord Palmerston prisoners, and dissolve Parliameent, they would stUl find themselves as far off as ever from the mastery of the country. The traditlons and rights of the nation would regain their emDire before many mouths were over. In order to destroy English society you must first of aU destroy its primogeniture, its trade and manufactures, and all Its civil corporations. This is a complicated operation, and one that M. Ledru Rollin would not find it so very easy to execute. Maiorities in England rely only upon themselves. There is no army, or at least only an army aristocratically constituted. There is no order of magistracy, and there is trial by jury both in civii and criminal cases. Such, in reaidty, is this ' self-government,' of which so many people talk with out knowing anything aboutt it." The Tribunal of Commerce pronounced judgment to-day in the case of the Presse newspaper. It declares that M. liUaud shaU act exclusively as chief editor of the journal; declares, further, that the demand of 200,000f. against AI. Rouy as damages is unfounded, but sentences M. Rouy to pay all the costs. The Directors of the Bank of France have fixed their dividend for the last six months of the present year at 87f. the share. The Three per Cents closed to-day at 67f. 95c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents at 92f. ; Orleans Rallway shares, 1,358f. 75c.; Great Northern, 952f. 50c.; Strasburg, 67f; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 863f. 75c. ; 'Western of France, 672f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 550f.; Great Central of France, 650f.; Lyons aud Geneva, 687f. 50c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 822f. 50c. ; Austrian Railways, 728f. 75c. ; Roman Railways, 485f.; Russian Railways, 506f. 25c. C'oUrs Authetique.-PAmiS, December 28.-Cash Prices. -Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years). 92f. 25c. 50c. 93f. 25c. 50c. 93f.; Four per Cents., 80f.; Three per Cents., 67f. 85c. 9Oc. 9.5O. 85c. 90c. 80c. 85c. 90c. 95o. 90o. 85c. 80c.; Bank of Franoe, 3,060f. 3,070f.; do. (825f. paid), 3,060f. 3.070f.; Credlt Fonoder. 585f.; do., Obligations of 500f., Four por Cents., 425f. 422f. 50c. 423f. 75c. 42Sf. ; do., Three per Cents., 395f.; do., Tenths Four per Cents., 88£. 75o. ; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 77f. 50c. ; Promissory Obligations of 1,000f. (200f. paid), Three per Cents., 960ff.; Oredit Mohblier, 822f. 50c. 825f. 820f. 822f. 60e. 825f, 827f. 50c.: Discount Bank, 680f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 901.; Belgian Four-and-aHalf per Cents., 97;i: Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 253; ditto, Passives. 6; ditto, Three per Cent,., Exterior, 41t; ditto, Interior, 87g Exchange on London. at sight, raper, 252. 27Ae.; money, 2Sf. 25c.; three months, papaer 2l4f. 72Ic.; money 2i1. 70e. AUSTRIA. (PnOM Oc OWN COnnnSPONDYNT.) VIENNA, Dzo. 25. The Emperor has to-day granted a great boon to the inhabitants of this city. In an autograph letter addressed to the Minister of the Interior His Majesty directs that the waUs and fortifications oF the inner city shall be razed and the dry moat filled up. Propor measures for enlarging the city are to be taken without delay. The only other news to be communicated is, that the chief Vukalovich, who is at the head of the insurgents in the southern part of the Herzegovina, was appointed by Prince Daniel of Montene,gro. DECEMBER 26. As it is to be presumed that comparatively few of your readers are acquainted with the names of the different bastions and gates of Vienna, I send you a simple statement of the changes and improvements which are to be made in the city, instead of a translation of the Instructions which His Majesty has given to the Minister of the Interior on the subject. The inner city of Vienna is surrounded by a broad glacis, excepting at the north-east cornr, where the canal of the Danube separates the city from the suburb of Leopoldstadt. Manv years ago it was proposed to throw dow n the mner walls and to unite the city and its 34 suburbs, hut the late Emnperor Francis had a strongly pronounced dislike to the plan, and consequently it was set aside. For some years it has been known to Government that the city is not large enough to afford accommodation for nearly half a million of people, but it was not until about 12 months ago that the Emperor became aware that the Viennese paid much higher rents for private apartments and shops than the in- habitants of London and Parns. It was represented to His Majesty that the only radical cure for the evil would be to raze the walls of the inner city, but the military party was extremely averse to the idea, and for a long time it was believed the city would only be slightly enlarged on its western side. On the 20th inst., however, the Emperor resolved to accept the pronositions which had been submitted to him by a special commission, and in the course of the day His Majesty wrote the autograph letter to his Mnister which was published in the Wiee- Zeitung of yesterday. The wals and fortifications of the inner city are 'to be destroyed and the dry moat filled up, "' in orderthat the innercity may bh enlarged, and broug,ht | into more intimate connexion with the suburbs." I The space now occupied by the bastions and dry moat is to be sold, and the money received for the ground is to be employed in constructing public buildings. The operations are to be carried out ax follows:-The fortifications are first to be done away with on the northern and western sides of the city, and there is to be a broad quay along the canal of the Danube, which runs along the northern part of the city~ The parade-ground, on the south-west side of the city, is to be properly regulated. In the new part of the city between the suburbs of Rossau and Alser-Vorstadt (the north-east part), there is to be a fortified casente, containing a military prison and bakehouses. The open space beFore ihe Imperial Palace, which is on the south side of the city, and the gardens on each side of it are to remain as they now are unitd further orders The space between the outer Burg. gate and the Imperial stables is to be left in stat'ts ito, as is that ill-placed edifice which overlooks the teopoldstadt, and which is knowi as the Franci Joseph Caserne. When the above-mentioned alterations have been made, the city will be enlarged oa its south-eastern side, where is the Karnthner-gate. Among the public buildings to be constructei are a palace for the General " Commando" of the army, a res.dence for the Town-Major, an Operahouse, a Record-office, a Library, a Municipal Palace. Museums, &c. Inside the quay of the Danube, and consequently round the inner city, there is to be a Boulevard. The breadth of the street, including causeways, is to be 240 feet. On different parts of the glacis the houses are to have large gardens, and all the principal streets are to be very broad; evea the side streets are to be 48 feet in breadth. AU European architects will be at liberty to send in general plans for enlarging and beautifying the city. The reward for the best plan wll be 2,000 ducats (about 9001.), for the second 1,000, and for the third 500 ducats. Further particulars will be made known by an Imperiel Commision. According to telegraphic advices of the 24th inst. from the Turkish frontiers, the conflict between the Turks and Christians near the Monastery of Duzi lasted from 3 In the morning until late in the evening. Bialitz, a village belonging to the friars, was taken by the Turks, and on the whole it appeared that the rayahs were worsted. There was no fighting on the 24th, and it was evident that both parties were waiting for reinforcements. it is said that among the persons -who fought against the Turks was the Voivode of Grahovo. It is here believed that the Turks will speedily restore order in the Herzegovina, but a person who must be well informed of what is going on in the Earopean provinces of the Turkish empire states that the Porte has very few regular troops in the Herzegovina and Bosnia. About five years ago Omar Pasha disarmed the Christians in the two provinces mentioned, but great quantities of arms have recently been purchased in the bazaars at Constantinople, and it is not improbable that they have been sent into Bulgaria and the other Slavonic provinces of Turkey. Of Prince Daniel of Montenegro I hear nothing more than that he Is " very flush" of cash just now. Whether he got it from Russia or from France, orfrom both Powers, I am, of course, unable to say. We learn by a telegram from Varna that the crew of the Pharamond, which was not long since wrecked on the Bulgarian coast, near Mongolia, has returned to France in the Carmel. It took slx days to secure the cargo of the Pharamond, which was expected to go to pieces in a few days. Not long since Ali Pasha of Monastir made a razia in the Lower Dibra, which enjoys a singularlv bad reputation, and carried off 300 prisoners, of w;hom about 150 were said to be Boys The cholera is very violent at Bagdad. It is stated here that the King of Prussa and his sister, the Dowager Empress of Russia, will go to Italy together in the month of January, but no guarantee can be given for the correctness of the repoit. The Convention between the Riverain States has not yet been ratified. The Wurtemberg and Bavarian Governments are quite prepared to exchange the ratifications, but the Porte hangs back, and is likely to continue to do so, as it now knows that France, England, and Russia strongly disapprove what has been done in the matter of the regulation of the navigation of the Danube. The Treste Zeitung strongly disapproves the articles which appeared in the .TounaZ de FPrankfort and Ost-Deutsche Post on the Suez canal question. In the opiuion of the Trieste people the canal ought to be commenced at once, "as negotiations for securing its neutrality can be carried on while It is being constr.ieted." In the opinion of one of the first of European diplomatists, Egypt will soon cease to be an integral part of the Turkish Empire If a canal is cut from the Mediter.'anean to the Red Sea. Grea'. discontent prevails in high military circles of the Lombrndo-Venetian kingdom. Such positive orders were sent from Vienna to evacuate all the religious establishments in which soldiers were lying without delay, that there was no time for providing proper quarters. The men have been put into the casemates and newly-built forts of Verona, and the consequence is that many of thema have lost their health. The soldiers in the casemates at Mlantua are in a still worse situation, as that fortress lies very low. PRUSSIA. (Iso 0ova OWN CoRRr.ONDENT.) B13LLIN, Dzc. 27. Some weeks back I informed you of the much improved state of the King's strength having led to a determination on his part to resume the conduct of public aftairs at the expiration of the term fixed in the delegatian of the Royal functions to the Prince of Prussia, and that this expression of His Majesty's will had given rise in the minds of those nearest to him, and who are best able to judge how far the King is stiUl from having attained the necessary mental strength, to the ill-judged plan of a coregnancy of the King and Prince of Prusia. Since then I have been enabled to report to you that the mischievous nature of such an arrangement had been amply recognized on all sides, and that the plan had been thrown out as entirely unfeasible. At the same time I expressed my belief that things wera tending here gradually towards a regency to be conferred on the Prince of Prussia by the King, of the latter's own goodwill and power, during the time that His Majesty would, in conformity with the advice of hMs physicians and his well-wishers, travel beyond the pale of his own dominions, and, T)erhaps, visit the regions of classic history and art, which are subjects that have always so much interested him. It is still to be hoped that in the absence of any more definitive arrangement this may be the eventual d6nouement of the present difficulty; but it is evident that the affair will have to pass through several intermediate phases before it arrives at that result. Since the advices above alluded to another arrangement bas been arrived at, which, on the face of it, had the merit, as far as the combination went, of falling in apparently with theKing's notion of his perfectly reacquired capacity for business, and at the same time of enabling the Prince to be present in London at his son's nuptials. This plan was that the King should nominaUy resume his functions at the expiration of the powers delegated to the Prince, but that the latter should so thoroughly work up all business capable of being despatched up to that date that there should be nothing, or niext to nothing, to be subnmitted to the King for many weeks to come, and thus neither his bodily nor his mental health be exposed to the certain derangement that attends any attempt on his part to master the intricacies of public business. In the meautime the Prince would have been enabled to repair to London, and take his part in the ceremonial there and subsequently here, on the arrival of the young couple. The two Houses of the Diet would have been opened, and even closed, under these auspices, which would have relieved Ministers from the inconvenience of showing to the nation the true state of the case, and ample leisure would have been left after the close of the short session to make any arrangement the ruling powers might think fit, without being exposed to any interpellations in the Diet. This admirable plan, which consulted everybody's feeliugs and wishes, and only left the interests of the State out of sight, was also only o F ephemeral duration. It was crushed by a return of illness on the part of the King, brought on by even the small amount of mental exertion he had thought himself perfectly able to make. Since then, and perhaps also in consequence of the rainy weather that has intervened, the King and Queen have shown themselves very little in or about the town, have kept themselves quite aloof from the numerous charitable bazaars and distribution of clothing, &c., which it is their custom to frequent at this period of Christmas, the members of the Royal Family have not been assembled, as usual, round them at Charlottenburg, and the only person we hear of as having aecess to His Majesty is the architect who is just now maturinag the de. signs for the building of the new Dom or Cathedral here. The very unmistakeable signs that have manifested themselves at Charlottenburg of the total insufficiency of the King's cure, as at present attained, have compelled a renunciation of aU idea o& his resuming power for a long time to come, bu' as yet have only led to the very unsatisfactory plan of renewing the power of attorzei already given to thePrince, which is about as injurious an arrangement for the State and for the Prince as can be conceived, short of that most notable plan of a co-regnancy above alluded to, ro thoroughly seen through and rejected. Having sO lately shown at some length the evils resulting to the State by any prolongation of the present nonentity of Government here, which is as rapidly as possible introducing a political dryrot into the fabric of thoe Prussian polity, and mildewing the bud of its future prosperity, I will only add on the present occasion that the solitary good feature about the arrangemaent above-mentioned is, that it is not yet definitively settled, and consequently that there is still an opening left for some less mischievous complication of existingZ difficulties. As matters look at present, the probability is tbatthe Prince of Prussia will not be enabled to go over to London to his son's marriage, in which cass the Princess will also be compelled by the same causes to remain here, and deprive herself of the extreme gratification she would naturally experience at witnessinrg the realization of her long-cherished wishes. So little certain, however, is anything connected with this point of the Prince and Princess being able to go or not, that the preparations are still being made for their journey, as though it were a matter about which there could be no doubt. If it takes place, they will cross the Channel in a Prussian vessel, which is at present being got ready, and will probably be commanded by Prince Adalbert, who is Admiral of the entire naval force of Prussia. An artilde which appeared in the Journal des DAIbats of the 19th inst. is attracting some attention here from the obvious anirnuts that pervades it, and which betrays itself in the skiliul perversion of names, facts, and ideas towards the one end of identifying the Prince of Prussia, and still more the Princess of Prussia, with all the different forms of opposition and malcontent in the kingdom, and imputing to them motives of intrigue incompatible with the fa^ts of the case, and as foreign to the realities of the Prussian Court as they are akin to the imaginations of a Parisian novel-wziter. A previous article that appeared on the same sabject in that journal, about the beginning of November last, seems to have passed without any notice either here or in Paris, probably on account of the gross ignorance it showed, which was only on a par with its obvious malevolence; buit its striving to connect the heir to the throne, whose characteristic is an excessive and overweening deference and respect for the King, his brother, with the attempts that have been made from time to time by various insane persons on the King's life,relieves every reader from the conclusion that the article in question could have been inspired by any one at all cognizant of what is the state of the case here, and possessed in any degree of decent feeling. The latter article, however, is not so devoid of tact and so harmless from itS grossness as the first was; its plausibility might easily deceive those who know nothing at all about the matter. From the assertions made in the article in question-as, for instance, that it was (already at that date) a settled thing in Prussia that the delegation of the Royal powers to the Prince of Prussia should be prolonged-we may gather at least that there are parties in France who would prefer to see a state of things so fatal to Prussia continued ad infinitum, rather than that a wholesome change should take place, which, according to their instinct, would tend to bring Prussia closer to England. The Dowager Empress of Russia Is expected to arrive here towards the close of February on her way to the south of Europe, and, as it would appear, to Palerrao, at which place she has already stayed more than once. It has been generally supposed that this coincidence of the Empress's journey southwards with the time of the King's probable movemen' in the same direction implied that they would travel In company, but this is fortunately entirely groundless: for there could perhaps be hardly anything imagined less likely to coutribute to the recovery of a man like the King of Prussia than the frequent society of a lady like his sister the Empress of Russia. THE PAPAL STATES. A letter from Rome of the 24th inst. informs us that the perpetrators of the late highway robbery committed on British subjects travelUng in a post carriage between Civita Vecchia and Rome have been discovered. They are Neapolitans of the province of Aquila, and worked on the railway. They are nine in number. Police-stations have since been established on the line of railway, of which half the expense is to be defrayed by the railway -ompany and half by the Government. There have been several assassinations committed at Ancona. SPAIN. The Madrid journals of the 24th have arrived. Tbe aorrespondewcia Autografa announces that an English tribunal at SierraLeone declared in Novemher last that a Spanish vessel, the Conchita, which had been captured on suspicion of being engaged in the slave trade, was a lawful prlze. The Liorreapande2wia remarks that such acts as this are calculated to drive Spanish commerce from the African coast, and it calls on the Government to interfere in the matter. The Espana expresses the opinion that in such affairs the English are actuated more by commercial rivalry than by horror of the slave trade, and that the Spanish Cabinet cannot be indifferent to the seizure. The Duke de Montpensier had returned to Madrid from his visit to the Monastery of St. Justo, famous as the residence of Charles V. With the exception of the chapel, all the monastery is stated to be in ruins. The Infante Don Henry has, says the Espana, consented to solicit permission to return. to Spain. Lord Howden, the English Minister, has returned to Madrid. The funeral of Don Antonio Armero, brother of the President of the Council, had taken place, and was attended 'by a crowd of political men of all parties. The Government has ordered that State notaries shall be nominated in places where they are likely to be useful. It is said that the men employed in the tobacco manufactories are indisposed to continue their work, but the reason is not mentioned. All the fractions of the Opposition had determined to bring forward kL Bravo Mlurillo as a candidate for the Presidency of the Chamber of Deputies in opposition to the candidate of the Govermnent, whoever he may be. It was said that if the Government were defeated in this election it meant to bring forward a formal vote of confidence, in order to ascertain -without any manner of doubt the sentiments of the Chamber towards it.
READING UT CHUROHES. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-You hive given us from time to time certain clever and amusing papers from the "Broad Phylaotery" about sern.ons and sermonizers. Will you give me leave to say a word or two on the less attractive bub more important subject of "reading" in our churches ? As far as lam individually concerned I canwell dispense with the sermon, such as We usually hear. Nay, I should be aU the better pleaced. were it not likely to make a " 'stir" in the parish, if I could walk quietly and unobserved out ef church before our worthy pastor, the Rev. Mir. Torpor, begins his disourse, whi,ch I know too rell is going to fasten me down for 35 minutes at least. And I think, Sir, you will not wonder at my indifference for the sermon, badly written and as badly proached, when I tell you that my devotion will scarcely last out the prayers; for Mr. Torpor, though 5 young man ,uufortunately readsno better than he preaches Being devoid of "' ear," and having an indifferent voice, we get the emphasis and intended pathos at improper moments wbich mistakes make him a very had " lead," indeed, in the service. No surprise, then, that I (and many more it they would confess it) am fairly tired out by sermon time. If however, Ir. Torpor were singular in these deficiencies i should merely regret his failing in silence; but you know too well, Sir, and we all know, that our clergy collectively are wretbed readers. And when we consider how a congregation in a country parish must sit and lidten, Sunday after Sunday, to such a pastor as our Mr. Torpor, I think the charge of want of charity to my neighbour will not lie against -ne because I complain, not designedly about him, poor rman ! with a lazy wife and " enlargtng" family, but of the careless system among the bishops, who are supposed to pass none for ordintation but qualified candidates. For the true purposes of devotion, awsd therefere the service of religion, a good voice, with ability to use it, is better than mnuch Greek. How comes it, then, that so many bad, downaight bad readers are to be found in holy orders? Because the bishops have not done their duty. If they had they would have rejcted those men, who have no more right to be admitted than a cadet at Woolwich or Sand. hurst who fails in his examination for a commission. It appears, therefore, that good reading is coridered to bo of secondary importance; whereas it is, in fact, of the utmost consequence and as worthy of attainment as book-learning. But as we are at present our church servie Is " by such men as Kr. Torpor. Let our bishops only ordati good readers,and they will do much towards preventing the dissent of wich we bear so many complain It is their boundon obligation, and untiE they perform it strictly we may look in vain for competent performers. I know of no greater iliction than the appontment of a humdlam rector, vicar, or curate, where the parishioners have no alternative between attendance at church or staying away. I am. Sir. von- n hont --- 4n A COUNTRY CHU1tQHWARDpN. Dec. 25,
THB HA URITIUS. We have received papers from the Mauritiuw tc, the 14th of November inclusive. We take the following from the Port-Louis, SentincMe of that, date:- " The last Government Gaze* publishes the sabjoined$* quarterly statement of tho Indian immigrant popula- tionI Male. eommicas ,n the OoAny J5nuusy 1, 1857 .. .. .. 102,825 31,44G Arrivals in nine months to September 30 6.365 3,855 Birts dltto ditto .. .. ,039 1.012 Ilales. Jemales. UO.100 35.302 I DePture , 2,719 651 D.aths ., .. 1,3C6 603 -4v25 1,054 In the island September 30.106.1T5 31.248 "The ship Rajasthan sailed for Calcutta on the 24th ult. -with the following return immigrants, viz. :-211 men, 23 women, and 13 children. " CO IM ERCIAL REPORT. "Sugar.-The market opened after the arrival of the 10th of September mail with a reduction of fully 2s. per 1001b. on al descriptions; and with the increased quantities in sellers' hands pries have not recovered. A lot of 753 bags of the choice mark of ' St. Antoine' (middle yellow) Fold publicly at 6 51 per 1001b., and good grays, equal to the French bonne quatrilw, or to No. -1 of the Dutch standard, are plentitul at about 6 50. In yellows, for the Australian markets, a large business is done at from 6 75 to 7 25, and vacuumpaea moves offat 775 to 8 50. Yellow sirups nnd sugars at from 5 50 to 6 25. "The total shipments to all quarters amount to this day to 59,874,997 lb., whereas at the same period last year and with buoyant activity in the market, they only amounted to 48,882,3091b. Of these shipments the proportion to the united kingdom cannot be estimated at more than about one-third, the rest having gone to the Australihn colonies, France, and the Cape of Good Hope. One ve,'sel, the Napol6on, American, took a cargo of about 700 tons to the destination of Boston, United States; and the bark Rhondda is loading for Rio de Janeiro. '- Freight.-Abundance of tonnage in the harbour. and many chartered vessels arriving for eargoes, in consequence of which rates have considerably declined. .Fhst-class vessels to the united kingdom are taking in at 21. per ton, rnd second-class vessels at 1. 15s. The demand for France Is also fully supplied at from 90f. to 95f. per ton, while to the Cape of Good Hope and the Australian colonies only a limited business is done at about 14 15s. to 21. 16s. respectively. It sbould be mentioned that most of the numerous vessels which have lately loaded, and are now loading, for the latter colonies were chartered there for the voyage out and back. " Exchange.-No change of Importance to notice under this hed. At 5 and 5i per cent. discount, a large amount of document bills on England has found takers for remittances by the present outgoing maiL The same descaiption of paper on France may be quoted at from 5.J to 6 per cent. discount. "About 80,000. in specle has arrived from Melbourne duning the month which has elapsed since the date of our last report, as also from France a good amount of franc pieces for the purchase of suwgar. " The money-market is therefore easy, and good local blPs of three and four months currency meet with ready converEion at 8 to 9 per cent, discount."
TO TH MEDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Adverting to a letter which appeared in your columns this morning respecting tho use of barometers to 6shermen, I beg to acquaint you that the Board of Trade has already authorized the supply to some exposed fishing places of snitable barometers and instructions for their use. Such a measure was advocated before the Shipwreok Cominittee of 1843, and has been often urged slnce. At some places on thecoast there are barometers so placed as to be accessible to fishermen and others, but the want of clear and reliable instruotions has probably tended to diminish the confidence in those Invaluable instraments, which, when they are understood, their indications invariably creatn. B. T. Dec. 29.
RAPID CONVEYANcE or TrY INDIAh MAm.- T_e Bombay mall, which arrived in London by the SouthEastern Railway on Monday morning, left Dover by special train at 4.53 a.m., 10 minutes after the arrlval of the maU packet, and reached London at 6.30 a.m., thus completing the distance, S8 miles, in 97 minutes, being an average speed of 55 miles an hour. The engine performed the entire journey withont stopping, and would have accomplished the distance In less time but for the necessity of twice slackening speed nd a detention at London station of about 10 minutes awaiting tho ' all clear" signal. T~n LAPOtnt-auxiET flit AU8ThALTA.-Our lateat advices from Victoria, we are happy to say, stated that the plethora of labour was fast disappearing at Melbourne. A vote of 25,000C. had been taken to give temporary employ. ment to such as might apply. The applicants numbered about 1,100. The employment given was on cuttings and embankments connected with the public works already decided on, so that the work was not absolutely made for the workmen, and the Government verywisely fixed the rate of vwges lower and the hours of working rather longer than under private employers. In the meantime, the great in'dnx of people by sea has rather fallen off, and at last the departures exceeded the arrivals. The arrlvals this year, up to the 9th of October, amounted to 48,691 people of all ages, the departures during the same period to 15,116, making the net increase 33,575. A competent authority estimates the average capacity of the country to absorb population as equal to about 36,00 to 40,000 souls per annumthat is, provided they are fit for the colony. Many, however, continued to come out for whose labour there wa,s no demand. All of this class cannot be too strongly cautioned to abandon such a course, which can only result in ruin and destitution to themselves and vast injury to the colony. The Govermment system of remittances, by which persons In this colony could procure the immigration of their friends and workpeople into the colony, on condition of the payment of part of the passage money, has worked very well, and must necessarily bear direct relation to the requirements of the colony. A return of its working since the establishment of the remittances' regulations on the 1st of August, 1866, shows that assisted immigration for the five months from August to December that year had the foilowingresult :-From England 1,066.3 statute adults; amount paid, 6,0B61. ls.; from Ireland, 1,916 persons amount paid, 6,160t. 18s. * from Scotland, 363.3 persona - amount paid, 2,0421. &4. In the six months from January to June, 1357, the numbers were-from England, 1,688 persons; amount paid, 9,482& 1sO. * from Ireland, 1,845.3; amount paid, 8,7971. 16s. 8d.; from icotland, 545i * amount paid, 3,0741. 10s. 6d.-Australiau and New Zealand £Pezette. A FonirrnAng Ex=rY.-A corrrespondent of the ArofussVitc, writing from Oude on the 6th ult., makes the following report of a strange affair in which our troops had been concerned :-" The troops, however, encountered a much more formidable and enterprising enemy on their way back to camp, and I am ashamed to say the 9th Lancers turned tail; both officers and men fled in utter confusion, while the Artillery drivers abandoned their guns, and bolted like mad, but without avail, for the enemy pursued them to camp, which friend and foe entered at the same time, the latter geting amnong the tents and having the audacity to attack our whole force, which had turned out in great alarm to cover the retreat of the Lancers and the others when they were seen running in such wild despair ! The Idlted clahlanders did not on this occasion display the courage for which they are famed, for, if anything, the 93d sought shelter from the attacks of the victorious enemy with more agility than their breeched comrades, though I confess that being less proweted they suffered more. The sailors of the Naval Brigade also, strange to say, showed the white feather, and ' topped their booms' with the rest, utterlig naughty nautical ejaun. lations in the extremity of their terror. There is no mistake about it, our fellows were utterly routed, and the enemy continued to hover around the camp for some time, without our daring to molest theni, and ultimately they retired in good order, and with very trifling loss." Don't be alarmed or indignant, good reader; imagine what you would yourself have doue if attacked by a swarm of bees! 'lVhile the force was returning from the Alumbagh to camp one of the Lancers was tempted to poke his spear into a bees' nest, and the result is above described.-Bcmbay Gazete, Dec. 4. LvoCH-LAW.-About two weeks ago the Sacramerno Bee stated thai an aged man, of Spanish blood, had been lynched on Puta Creek on a charge of having stolen a horse from Mr. Wolfskill, of which charge it was afterwards shown that he was innocent. The Eco del Pacico contains a letter in regard to the circumstances of this lynching. We translate as follows :-" While the unfortunate but honest old man in question was on a visit In Contra Costa somae one stole a saddle from his horse on the Vaca Ranch, in the Puta Valley. When be returned he heari of tho theft, and was told that hls saddle was at Wolfakill's, and he went to claim it. He recognized the saddle, but Wolfskill began to question him, and told him he must go before a judae. To this the old man consented at once. A party of auoat 20 men, includin Wolfskil, surrounded hini as if he had been a crlminal, and started with him, One by one the party dropped off, untU only four remained, WolfsIldl being in command. When they arrived at a desert place Wolfskill and his friends spoke together in a low voice, and, surround. ing the old man, so that he should not escape, they left the road leading to the judge's and started towaid a placoe in the mountain where there Is a thick wood. The old man broke away from his keepers, and attempted to escape. He rode twelve miles, and his pursuors after hir, to VacavUe, where the judge lives. Arrived here, the old man inquired of an American lady, 'Who is the judge? Where does he live ?' While he was trying, in mixed ltnglish and Spanish, to make himself uderstcod, his perse. cetors came upon him and began to beat him. They tore him by force from the arms of the merciful wvoman, who bravely stepped between the old man and a drawn pistol aimed at him, and cried out that they should not murder him. The captors ordered the old man to go with them. He cried out for the protection of the law. He asked several times, in a loud voice, ' Who is the judge ?' ' Who speaks Spamsh?l' 'Who is a Christian?' More than forty Americans witnessed this scene, and not one raised his voic Wolfakil and his party drove their prisonerto the place wbere he had escaped, and there ho wag hanged upon a tree and almost killed. This is not the first outrage which has happened in that violnity."-New York; Trilune. |DEATH 0 A PROvY ciAL POET.-Death has remaoved during the last fewv days Mr. Richard F'urness author of the Rog Bag and .fedicuns M"us, two poemspub. lished some 20 years since. Mr. Furness was born at Eyam, Derbyshire, in August, 1791, and died at Dore, near Sheffield. In early life he followed the business of a currier, but his poetical tendencies led him to seek the more congenial office of pari4h schoolmaster at Dore. Mr. Furness enjoyed the friendship of Ebenezor Elliott and James Montgomery, and the respect and esteem of all with whom he camo in conlat.,
' THE UTAH EXPBDt( 9¶' AND BfrGHAM . YOUNG. (From the New YorkEer ) We oserve that some little anxiety i epred in different quarters for the safety of the Utah expediton inaer the command of Colonel Johnston. We apprehend, however, from a careful examination of the subject, that no fears need be entertained for its safety,. whether ariding from the Mormons or the severity of the weather. When hst heard from, In the beginning of Ostober, the main body of the expedition, numbering over l,000 bayonets and 2 field batteries-one a 6 and the other a 12-pounder battery-were encamped on Ham's Fork, 143 miles this side of Salt Lake City, under comsnand of Colonel Alexander; and it would appear from his report that he intended to seleot some place in that vicinity, and go into winter quarters. There are many points both on Bear and Green nvers-a few marches only from Elam's Fork-where an abundance of fuel can be had, and where our troops can ma1ke themselves comparatively comfortable for the winter, and where, also, by throwing up slight fieldworks and arranging Judiciounly their 500 waggons and 12 pieces of artllery, they can defend themselves succepsfully against the entire Mormon host, even it led on by the redoubtable Kimball, backed by bis 25 sons and 30 wives There is also an abundant supply of provisions with the expedition, notwithstanding the loss of the 78 waggons which were ournt by the destroying angels under command of the saintly Bil Hickman, as the Government had taken the precattion to tbrow forward an extra quantity of subsistence Atozes to meet all emergencies. In addition to the force above alluded to Colonel Johnston, on the 13th of October, was in the vicinity of the South Pass, 95 miles in rear of Colonel Alexander's command, with some lCO infantry and 125 dragoons, and long ere this he has no doubt joined the army and. assumed command of it. Besides these troops there were at the same time six companies of the 2d Dragoons, umder Colonel Coolke, making forced marches to join Colonel Johnston; and we observe from the report of the Indiau Agent Forney, from Fort Laramie, that they passed that post on the 24th of October. When Colonel Cooke joined the main body-which he doubtlees succeeded in doing some time since, unless stopped by the snows In the vicinity of the South Pass and the Wind River Mountains-our Utah forces were swelled to over 1,600 efficient men. It is to be regretted, now that the Mormons have declared war and thrown down the gage of battle, that our troops did not arrive one month earlier in the season in front of the strongholds of the belscose saints, for we belteve that our gallant men could have forced the mountain passes and either captured or destroyed Brigham Young, this Mahomet of the Nevw World, and his fanatical folloverm It must be remembered, bowever, that when this Utah expedition was organized no one believed the Mormons would offer any resistance; and it was not until the return of Captain Van Vliet from TUtah that any opposition was anticipated, and even then the great majority of the people and the press remained incrednlous - and it was only when the captain's judgment was bacied up by Brigham's proclamation and the destruction of our provision trains that the country was undeceived and the Government fonnd a Mormon war on its hands. Had the Mormons offered no resistance our troops would have had ample time to reach the Salt Lake Valley. and would now be basking in the smiles of the Mormon beautles, instead of breasting the fierce winds and cold storms of a Rocky Mountain winter. In considering this speck of rebellion and civil war it mDight be interesting to speculate as to the result. That the Government will grapple with It with all necessary energy, and-in one short and decisive campaign quell it, is quite certain; but that in so doing we shall kIll Mormonism, or rather purify it of polygamy-for that appears to be the great objectionable feature-admits of a great doubt. The sword has never yet convinced a man that his religion was false; and we very much doubt if it will ever convince tbe rdormoa that it is wrong for him to surround himself 'with a dozen wives or that Brigham Young Is not a trLe prophet. We are inclined to believe that a good strong corps of parsons would do more to suvpress Mormonism than half-a-dozen regiments of United States' troops; and we would recommend, now that Kiansas haa stopped bleeding, that Mr. Kalloch and the other 3, 000 New England parsonstbeiroccupations being goDe-be organized into regiments and sent to Utah, in order to teach the Mormons the error of their ways. Should the church militantfail, we ca thea uEe the strong arm of the Government. We may not, however, have to fight the Mormons after all, for already indications are abroad that the Saints are on the eve of another hegira. Orders have been issued to the faithful in England and Wales prohibiting further emigration to the United States, as the Almighty has pointed out another place for them to go to. All their missionary estabUshments in the United 90tates have been broken up, all their settlements on this side of the mountains and in California have been abandoned, and from every point of the compass the Lord's anointed are hurrying to place themselves beneath the banner of his prophet amid the valleys of the mountains. All these signs indicate, in our opinion, as we have just stated, that the Mormons are about to take another flight. Having defied the authorities of the UrLited States Brigham is too keen an observer not to see the consequences. He is well sware that he must stand and fight it out or ran tbe country. He is also well aware that he cannot contend with the United States' Government with any hope of success, for when Captain Van VUet, as he statesin hisreport, told Brigham and his friends that if they opposed the United States' troops this faU the Government would send next year a force whioh would overcome all opposition, their answer was, "We are aware that such will be the case, but when those troops arrive they will find Utah a desert-every house will be burnt to the graund, every tree cut down, and every field laid waste. We have three years' provisions on hand, which we will ' cache,' and then take to the mountains, and bid defiance to al the powers of theoGovernment." That Brigham wiU carry out his threat of making a Moscow of 'Utah is quite possible, but that he willl shut himnself up in the mountain canons with even three years' supply of provisions, and our troops occupying all the arablo land, so that he must starve when his provisions are consurned, we do not believe. A man might very weU take care of himself in the mountains, but if he had 30 wives, and some 30 or 40 smaU children to look after and provide fpr, the undertaking would be much more difficuit. We are, therefore, of the opinion that the Mormons intend to favour some other country with their presence, where they wVil not be annoyed by thecstars and stripes-and there is no country more inviting or rnore convenient than Sonora. The Mormons have been quietly but steadily pushing their settlements towards Mexico and they already extend 400 miles to the south of Salt Lak. city, more than half-way to the Mexican frontier - nnd shoald they decide upon moving in that direction they can be beyond our boundary before we can reach them as the country to the south of Salt Lake City can be traversed at rdl seasons of the year. We trusa the saints wil deCide upon such a move, and thereby relieve us of the disagreeable duty of exterminating them. In Sonora they would have the opportunity to develope the beauties of their religion, and if it contains within itself the seeds of its own destruction-as we all believe it does-it will crumble to pieces and disappear, and will be numbered with the numerous falso religions that have sprung up and had their day, and are now only known in history. -- (From the NelolYorlk Times.) The fate which seems to impend over the expedition to Utah wears, in some sort, the aspect of retributive justice. It was delayed so long in Kansas, meddling in matters in which It had no business to meddle, that the winter has caught It while the advanced guard is still on this side the mountains. From tbe:very outset misfortunes seemed to -attend it. Great numbers of the trained soldiers of whom it was originally composed deserted ; and it set out on its march so late in the sea.on that the grass has failed, and the snow fallen heavily, before it has made the smallest preparation for Its own salvation during the cold weather. For tbe preseat it is quite clear our main anxiety must be not as to whether we shaLl within the next six rmonths subdue Brigham Young, but whether we shall next spring have a single man or officer of the old force to begLn the next campalgn with. It was quite clear that all the arrangements were made in the idea that we should enter the city of the saints without opposition, and simply use the troops as Governor Cummuing's posse, for the subsequent enforcement of the laws. In short, the expedition was fitted out, as was that of the British to Tnrkey In the late war, as a cOrps of o'oservation in the suite of a plenipotentiary. It took with it an enormous baggage train, cartying everything necessary for the troopskfrom Kansas to 'Utah, and this was all very well, but the very important item of forage for the mules seems to have been lost sight of. It now turns that in this particular the grass on the plains was wholly relied on, and if the force had only started early enough in the season this would have served them in just as good stead, as It serves some thousands of emigrants every srmnmer. But the fact is that they did not start early enougb, and the result is that the grass has failed, the mules are dropping off, and with them drop off, of course, the stores of every kind. The scarcer the herbage the greater the neceSsity for marching in small detachments, and the natural consequence is that the Mormons are enabled to perpetrate such outrages on these small bodies with impunity as those of which each mail now brings tidings. It may fairly ha laid dowa as a rule, that a military sorce snould never be employed without taking every precaution to insure its efficiency as a fighting machine. Threatening demonstrations, without beiDg prepared to support them vigorously, are neither very dignified in those making them n"r veil fair towards those whom they employ. If the Mormons are only hLlf as great a nuisance and dlsgrace as all accounts represent them to be, a proper regard for our own dignity as well as for the safety of our troops would have dictated the despatch of 6,003 men In June instead of 2,500 in the fail. Nobody of course doubts for a moment what the issue of this contest will be, hut surely the gallant men whomr we have sent to vindIcate the national supremacy In the defiles of the Rocky Mountains were entitled to every guaranteepainst all perils, save those of actual conflict, which care and forethought could s .Tbe is nothing very alluring in the service under absspects. The field is remote and the foe ignoble, but the authorities have aggravated ita drawbacks ba dP thng among their number the chance of a dogs
DEATHI OF A MAANIAC.-On1 Monday afternoori IsSt MIr. Willamn Payno, coroner for the city of London, held an inquest in Bethlem Hospital on Mr. Hugh Pollard Willoughby, aged 56. The unfortunate gentleman wsz connected with the family of Sir H. P. Ws3loughby, and became an inmate in the above hospital under the singular circumstances. In the year 1854, in the course of a trial at the Old Bailey, the deceased persisted in Interrupting Mr. Giffard, who was addressing the Court, and he was ordered into custody, but ultimately liberated. The deceased afterwards attempted to shoot the same learned gentleman (Mr. Giffard), for which he vwe¶ tried and acquitted on the ground of insanity KMr. Willoughby wA acchrdhigiy removed to Bethlemi kiospital where he has resmahed up to the time of his deatlh. Theaunfertunste gentleman received the utmost attetion while in confine. meent, but notwithstanding bis health gave way, and he gradually sane, and died some fewd dat s bsk, The jury r'Gtulued a verdit.t of "?iaturs.1 dentb.,'^
THB HEALTH OF LONDON. (From the RegLstrar-General's Weekly Return.) The deaths registered in Loadon, which in the previous Week were 1,2S4, declined ia the week tbat ended last Saturday (December 26) to 1,013. In the 10 years 1847-56 the average numb3r of deaths in the weeks corresponding With l week was 1,227. But, Rs the deaths of last week occurred in an itacreased population, the avera-e, with a view to comparison, musS be raised proportlonally to the increaso, in which case it will 'become 1,;iO. Hence it appears the public health was so far improved that the deaths were less by about 300 than the number which the a6verage xaie of mortality at the close of the year would have produced. The deaths caused by diaemses of tho organs of respirai:lon were last week 246, while the average corrected for increase of population is 27L The decrease in the numbers assigned to this general head(whioh does not include phthlsis) Is shown by the results of the last four weeks, which were successively 416, 336, 298, and 246. Considerably more than half of these 246 deatbh arose from bronchitis, which carried off 140 persons, of whom 55 were 60 years old and up. -wards. The fatal cases of pneumonia (inflammation of the ILngs) were, last week, 83, which is decidedly below the corrected average for corresponding weeks. Of this number 57 occarred to children during the first two years of life. Of persons who died from phthisis in the last two weeks the naumbers were 161 and 115. Of deaths arising from zymotic complaints only one is referred to smallpox, 30 (which is muck less than usual) to typhus and common lever, the same number to scarlatina, 37 to whoopingcough, 9 to cronp, 41 to measles. Seventeen, or nearly half of the d.eaths from measles, ocaurred in the Eastern division of the metropolis; four in the sub-district of St. Paul (St. Georgein-the-East), four in Mile-end Old-town, three in Poplar. The Registrar of St. Mary in Sb. George-in-the-East registered two deaths from meamles at Nos. 1 and 2, Sarah'splace; and he adds thab eight deaths from this disease have occurred within a short period in the neighbourhood, and that many otber severe cases have ocourred, though without fatal results. The single case of smallpox maentioned above occurred to a dressmaker, aged 37, at 4, Devonshiro-street, Christohurch, Marylebone, in which house three cases, though not all terminating fatally, have occurred recently. A figure-maker died of painter's colic and bemorrhage. Of four nonerenarians, three men and a woman, who died in the week, the oldest was 94 years of age, and died in the workhouse, Borough-road. Last week the births of 769 boys and 730 girls, in all 1,499 chUdren, were registered In London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1847-5:6 the averago number was 1,410. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwicb, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 30 083 in. The mean daily reading was above 30 tn. on the last five days. The highest reading occurred on Thursday, and was 30-30 in. vhe meani temperature of the week was 471 deg., which is M96 deg. above the average of the same week in 43 years (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The mean daily temperature was above the average throughout the week, and on Monday and three following days tho excess was from 10 deg. to 14 deg. The greatest daily range of temperature ocourred ea Sunday (the 20th), and was 17-8 deg.; the least on Thursday, when it was 55 deg. The mean daily range of the week was 10.4 deg. The difference between the mean air temperature and mean dew point temperature was 3 6 deg. The mean temperature of the water of the Thames was 46-6 deg. The mean degree of humidity of the air 'was 86, complete saturation being represented by 100. The humidity fell from 93 on Sunday to 78 on Wednesday. The wind blew from a south-westerly point. Rain fell to the amount of 0-lOin. on Sunday; none was measured during the rest of the week. Wednesday was very warm for the season, and on Christmas-day tho weather was unusually fine.
BUBJNING OF THE SABAH SANDS TRANSPORT. The foUowing letter from Captain J. S. Castle, the commruder of the Sarah Sands screw transport-steamer, has been received by Messrs. Walton, Eihpbrokers, of Grace. chuxch-street, relative to the partial destruotlon of the ship by fire and the escape of the troops and crew:- " At about 3 45 p.m. oa the 11th of November I discovered a very strong smell of fire arising from the after orlop deck (where about 120 of the troops were berthed), and upon goiug into the hold found it to bo on &ire, and iznmiense volumes of smoke iesuing from it. I immediately ordered all the engines to be stopped, all sail taken in, and the ship brought to the wind; some bands were at the same true getting fire hoses passed below. nI then requested Colonel Mioffatt to have all the ammunition thrown overboard, and succeeded in clearing the starboard magaz42e. By this time the whole of the after part of the ship was so much enveloped in smoke that it was scarcely possible to stand, but volunteers came aft and attempted to olear the port magazine, which they succeeded in doing, with the exception (as we suppose) of one barrel. Several of the men were dragged up sonseless from below while thus engaged. l " I ordered aal the boats to be lowered, placing the ladies in the port lifeboat under the charge of Mr. Verey, third officer, giviug him orders to keep clear of the ship until re. called. Mr. Welch, chief officer, was forward hoisting out the cutter and longboat, which was done without accident. 1 then commenced constructing rafts, of which I launched two overboard, and safely moored them alongside, keeping a third across the deck forward in readiness. At about 8.30 p.m. flames burst through the upper deck, and shortly after the mizen rigging took fire. I was then fearful of the ship paying off. but fortunately the after braces were burnt through and tho mainyard swurg round. "' About 9 p.m. a fearful explosion took place in the port magazine. By this time the ship was one body of flame f2om the stern to tho main rigging, and thinking it Ecarcely possible to save her I called Major Brett (in command of the troops) forward, and told him my opinion, requesting him to endeavour to keep order among the troops till the last, but at the same time to ,use every exertion to check the fire. " No person can describe the manner In which the men worked to keep the fire hack, one party were below keeping the bulkhead cool, several of whom were dragged up sense. less, and fresh volunteers took their places, but were soon in the same state. " At 11 p.m. the maintopsailyard took fire. Mr. Welch, one quartermaster, and four or five soldiers went aloft with wet blankets and succeeded in extinguishing It, but not until the yard and *nast were nearly burnt through. About midnight we appeared to have made some impression on the Ere, and after that drove it back inch by inch until daylight, when it had been completely got under. "The ship now appeared in a fearfol plight; merely the shell remaining, the port quarter blown out by the explosion, 15 feet of water in the hold, and the ship rollig beasily and taking ia large quantities of water rft "A As soon as the smoke was partially cleared away I got spare sails and blankets aft to stop the leak, passing two hawsers round the stern and setting them up. The troops were employed baling and pumping, the ship rolling heavily, and the tanks rollng from side to side in the hold. " About 10 a.m. the ladies joined the ship. I then ordered iU the boats alongside, but found the sea too heavy for them to remain there ; the gig, however, had been abandoned during the night, and the crew, under Mr. Ward, fourth officer, got into another of the boats. " The troops were employed during the remainder of the day baling and pumping, and the crew in securing the stern. Throughout the night all hands were engaged in baling and pumping. The boats were secured fore and aft, but several were severely damaged. $'At daylight on the 13th the crew were employed hoist. lng In the boats, the troops working manfully in baling and pumping. Latitude at noon 13 12 S. At 5 p.m. set foresail and foretop83ll, and bore for the Mauritius. On Thursday, the 19th, sighted the Island Roderigucs, and arrived at b"auritius on Monday, tho 2Sd. "J. S. CASTLE, Commander."
THE WATERLOO-BRIDGE MURDER.-COLORESTER, Monday.-During yesterday some sensation ws cansed in this town by a rumour that a soldier at the camp had con. fessed to having been concerned in murdering the man whose mangled remains were recently found on one of the piers of Waterloo-bridge. It appears that a deserter from the 66th Regiment, named Thomas Pedlar, was brought back to the camp on Saturday evening, and while in the guardroom attempted to commit suicide by strangling himself with his neckerchief. He afterwards dropped some hinta about having committed some crime which ho cared more about than desertion ;land at last said that he,with two others, murdered a man in London, and after he had been cut up and put into a carpetbag a woman took it away and threw it over Waterloo-bridge. In reply to the sergeant who had charge of him he said the man was not a foreigner, but a farmer, and had 601. about him. He added that he did not commtt the murder, but be was in the house at the time and had part of the money. The circumstance was communicated to the borough police, pnd Superintendent Dann had an interview with the arisoner, when he said it was all humbug, and he knew no more about the murder than he had read in the papers. The prisoner was brought up to-day at the borough bench, when he made a similar retractation. Ele Is a poor Idiotic-looking fellow, and by no means likely, judging from physical characteristics, to have played a part in so subtle and san. gulnary a transaction. He states that he comes from Bristol, but will not tell whether he has any friends or whom he was employed by in that town. The Mayor (who is a physician) expreesed his belief that the man's mind ws deranged. He also appeared to wish to exchange military for oivil custody, as he said he should rather go to gaol than be sent back to the camp. No reliance whatever was laced on his statement as to he murder, and he was handed back to the rilitary authoritiee. THE Soum WALES COLLIERY STRm.--The trike of the colliers in the Aberdare district of the South Wales colliery country is now mnore general than ever. The partial return to work on the pazt of some of the oolliers has been followed by the exercise of the most violent threats by the disaffected part of the men, and a relapse, so that at the pre8ent moment there is very little being dono in the district. Some corUers have been introduced at Mess6. Powel's and other pits, but they have been intimidated and threatened by the resident men. Small bodies of meni, calling themselves "committees," sit daily in the retired districts and t-ske upon themselves the direction of the strike, and such is the state of ignorange and fear of the power of these mer that they have the general body of collers In the whole country completely inder their pOrtO1.
J UDGB DOUGLAS and thc ADMINISTBATION. (From the Washington Union.) The psltion of Judge Douglas on the Kansas question Is now fu y and authoiltatively defined. We had hoped to the very moment when, in the introductory portion oZ his late spesoh, he remarked that the Prebident had fallen into a " fundamental erroe" in his construction of the KansasNebraska Act, that Judge Douglas would not feel himself constrained to take an antagonistic position towards the Administration, Whenthatemtphatioannouncement,however, was made, we oeased to have further hope. The faot is now fixed that on the issue which involves the prompt admission of the Territory of Kansas as a State, and the consequent early settlement of the slavery question as a subject for national disturbance, the Admintstration is to have the determined and active opposition of Judge Douglas. It is needless to say that we regret the determination to which his mind has arrived. We regret it for. various reasons which will occur to every Democrat without any suggestion from us. In this issue we think the Administration holds the side of right and principle, and in this conviction we are strengthened rather than weakened by Judge Douglas's elaborate and able speech. With the same candour and directness with which he has criticized and controverted the arguments and conclusions of the Message we propose to examine one or two of his positions. Judge Douglas expresses his gratification that upon " a more careful and critical reading of the Message" the differ. ence between himself and the President is not so great as he had supposed " on a hasty reading and imperfect hearing of it in the first instance." Upon this more careful and critical reading he is rejoiced to find that " the President has not recommended that Congress should pass a law to receive Kansas into the Unton under the constitution formed at Lecompton;" and yet he admits that the " tone" of that document indicates that such a law would receive the executive approvaL In this we see no special cause for the joy manifested by Judge Douglas. It was not necessary, if, indeed, it would have been proper, for the President to do more than indicate distinctly his acquiescence in the legality of the action of the convention. There is as little cause for the gratification produced by the fact that the President has not "endorsed," as assumed by Judge Douglas, the action of the convention. It would bave been difficult for the President to use stronger language of cndorsemesst of the legalty of the convention and of its action than he has done. We are fearful that Judge Douglas perusal of the Mlessage has yet been less " careful and oritical"than he supposes; othLerwise he could hardly have found in it the expressions of " regret and mortification and disappointment that the constitution had not been submitted to the people" which be attributes to the President. Our perusal of it has not enabled us to find these expresslone. Bat these preliminary and intro. ductory remarks are onLly important to be made that none may be misled into the idea that the Administration is in. dinlerent as to the fate of a measure in regard to which the IPresident says that If this opportunity ot settling the question i Kansas should be rejected 'she may be involved for years in domestio discord, and possibly in civil war, before she can again make up the issue nowso fortunately tendered and again reach the point she has already attained." With such langIase as this before him it is difficult to understand how Juage Douglas can assume that the Administration was so indifferent as to the result that the President had recommended no bill to be passed, and that it is not to be regarded as "an Administration measure." Judge Douglas states correctly that the President construes the Kansas-Nebraska Act to iacan that "the slaverv question only was required to be referred to the peopie, anul that the remainder of the constitution was not thus required to be submitted." In this construction of the Act udge Douglas thinks the President has fallen into " a fun. damental error"-an error which is graciously, but gratuitously attributed by him to the fact that the President was absent from the country during the discussions on the Rnaas-Nebraska Bil. On the other hand, Judge Douglas maintains that the true meaning of the Kansas3Nebraska Act is that "the slavery question, like all other uestions, should bo submitted to tho people to be uecided for themselves." Assuming it to be true that by the true interpretation of the Kansas law any question whatever was required to be submitted after the formation of a constitution by a legally appointed convention, the issue between the President and Judge Douglas is whether the slavery question only or the whole conetitution is required to be submitted? It is proper for us to remark that in the judgment of very many of hls friends tho President has conceded too muoh in agreeing that even the single question of slavery is required by the Kansas-Nebraska Act toibe submitted after the formation of a constitution by a legaUy appointed convention. But that is a concession of wbich Judge Douglas cannot complain, and on which he has based muec of his argument. In support of his position that the Kansas-Nebraska BiU required that the whole constitution should be submitted for popular ratification, Judge Douglas appeals to the understanding of the authors and supporters of the lBJU when it was brought forward, and asks, " Did 'we not come before the country and say that we repealed the Missouri restriction for the purpose of substituting and carrying out as a -eneral rule the great principle of selfRevernment which left the people of each State and each Territory free to form and regulate their domestic institutions in thoir own way, subject only to the constitution of the United States VI We answer unhesitatingly in the affirmative ; all of the supporters of the BUIl maintained this proposition. But Judge Douglas overlooks the fact that all men of aU parties freely conceded that, as to all other intcrnal and domestic questions, except that of slavery, the people of the Territories were entitled to enjoy the rights of self-government. E[is own speech, which he quotes to prove that he laboured to make the rule of selfgovernment universal, [proves that it was only as to the slavery institution that the rule had been violated. After enumerating many of the objects of government, and showing that as to aU these it is agreed and conceded on all hands that the people may govern themselves, he adds: "Why make an exception of the slavery question by taldng It out of that great rule of self-government which applies to aU the other rulations of life? This may be assumed, then, as conclusively settled; that the Missouri restriction was repealed for the purpose of removing the only obstacle to the universality of the rule of self-government in Iansas, and, consequently, that this was the only object sought to belaccomplshed by the Kansas-Nebraska Act. As far distant aS Mr. Buchanan was, and as deeply engrossed as was his mind with great questions of foreign polioy, he had i at least leisure enough to read the speeches of Judge Douglas. Ule would naturally look to these as the best exponents of the object and meaning of the Kansas Act. In all of them he found the one slngle Idea pressed-that the Kansas Bil was designed to eunr.ble the people of Kansas to regulate the question of slavery in their own way, in order that their oight of self-government might be perfect. When, there. foro, in his Message, the President eonstrues the Kansas Act as having for its great controlling object the protection of the people of Kansas in the right to regulate the sla%very question in their own way he adopted the construction put upon that Act by the whole country, and by none more unreservedly than by Judge Douglas. We are amazed now to find that Judge Douglas accuses the President of committing "a fundamental error" in adoDting this construction of the law-" an error," adds Judge Douglas, " which lies at the foundation of his whole argument on this matter." If the President has erred in his view of the object and principle of the Kansas Act he has only erred in following in the footsteps of Judge Douglas. But the President has not fallen into " a fundamental error" in his construction of the Knsaas Act. He has not only the authority of Judge Douglas, the author of that Aot, sustained by all the supporters of the measure, but he Is sustained by the National Convention which nominated him for the Presidency. That convention indicated, in language so clear that it admits of no controversy, that the only controlling object and meaning of the Kansas Act were that the people of Kansas should regulate the question of slavery in their own way when prepared to come into the Union as a State; their right to regulate other matters not having been disputed by any one. It is true, as intimated by Judge Douglas, that this is the fundamental truth (not the "fundamental error ") on which the inipregnability of the President's argument rests. If the true meaniDg and object of the Kansas Act were that the people of Kansas should be secured in the right to adopt or reject slaverv as they pleased, the conclusion is irresistible that the Kansas convention has carried out faithfully tnat object, and the President stands fully and triumphantly vindicated in sustaining the aotion of the convention. But Judge Douglas displays his great skill as a tactician in assuming that, because it was the object of the Kansas Act to remove the only obstacle to the universality of the rule of self-government in Kansas by repealing the Missouri restriction, therefore it was the meaning and object of that Act that the entire constitution should be submitted for popular ratification. Here Judge Douglas falls into " a fundamental error," which lies at the foundation of his whole argument. He assumes that, beeause the people of Kansas have a right to regulate aU their local and domestic questions in their own way, they can only do this by the submission for their ratificationof the whole of any constitution thatthis convention might frame. In other words, he construes popular sovereignty and self-government to mean that no constitution can be made and adopted by the ]e;:ople of Kansas unless it shZal be submitted for popular ratification, and this he insists was the true meaning of the Kansas Act, Now, we utterly deny this proposition. 'Wo affirm that the people of a territory or State enjoy popular sovereignty and exercise self.government when they snake their constitations and laws through the agenc-y of their legaily chosen delegates and f representatives, as well as when the acts of their agents are submitted for ratification. The will of the people may be ascertained either through their representatives, selected to speak and act out their will, or it may be ascertained by submitting the work of their reDresentatives for popular ratification. Judge Douglas'8 doctrine, carried to its full extent, would make all laws inoperative until submitted after their passing to the ratification of the people. As Judge Douglas has appealed to the universal under. standing of the authors and supporters of the Kansas Act to ascertain its true objectand meaning, we now appeal to the same tribunal and ask if, among all the supporters and advocates of that measure, 'Judge Douglas included, the suggestion was ever made that the doctrine of popular self. government contained in the Bill required that the whole constitution framed by the convention should be submitted for popular ratification? Every supporter of the Bill throughout the Union maintained that the people of the territory should have the right to decide whether slavery should exist or not -when a State constitution should be framed; but no one of them, from the most exalted to the humblest,ever intimated that the constitution so framed would not be valid unless submitted for popular ratification. How could Judge Douglas have so understood the Kansas BilM without, in some one of bis numerous speeches, intimating that the principle of popular sovereignty would be violated unless the constitution whea framed was submitted for the ratification of the people? How could he have entertained such a view of the Kansas Act when he reported and advocated and voted for the Toombs Bill, which contained no provWion for submitting the constitution to the people of Kansas? To contend now, as Judge Douglas does, that the principle of popular eovereignty as laid down in the Kansas Act is violated unless the whole constitution Is submitted is to assue a position contrdicted by the universal understanding of the friends of that measure when pending before the oountry &Wd pot ked by oither the lango or tho V(* g the Act itself. The President's position s in strirt accordance with the universal understanding of the Democratio party as to the object and meaming of that Act, and in supporting the action of the Kansas convention he is faithfuily carrying out the principle of popu. lar 5overeignty as laid down in the Kansas Act and in the Cincinnati platform. Judge Doulasl's effort to makse the submission of the whole cons itution an essential element of popular sovereignty is not sustained by his argnmnent, and, as we respectfully submit. iw inconsistent with the position and principles of the Democratic party, as understood and expounded in all sections of the Union throughout this long and bitter contest. It is endangering the substance for the shadow, inesmnoh as the people of Kan.as have the undoubted right, as soon as the State is admitted, to alter or correct any features in the constitution which may prove to ba objectionable. By admittiDg the Sate we immcdistely withdraw from Black Republicanism its life-blood, aud localize the question of slavery within the limits of Kansas, where the people will have the unlimited right to exercise their will in respect to all questions of State policy. If the exercise of popular sovereignty is what they destre, they will seek it under the panoply of State sovreoignly. It wil be ebserved that the President supports the action of the Kansas convention on two grounds. First, because the Kansas Act does not require the whole consti. tutioH to be submitted. and because the submission of the slavery question is a full and sub4tantial compliance with its requirements; and, secondly, becAuse the convention which framed tie constitution was a legaUy organized body, and its aotion therefore legitimate. In pursuance of the principle of the Kansas Bill, his duty to acquiesce in its aotion followed as a necessary consequence. We have shown that he stands upon rJght and principle on the first point, and now we proceed to notice Judge Douglass objection to the second point. Judge Douglas takes the greund that the Kansas Legislature had no authority to pass an Act providing for the call of a convention to frame a constitution, and therefore that the action of such COnVentiOn IS nuUlandvoid. HEi does not go the length o' regarding the convention as a body of rebels, like the Topeka convention, but he denies that it was a legitimate body, and insists that validity and vitality could only be given to it by an act of Congress either authoriing its erganization or recognizing ite action. In this position he not only takes iEsue with the President, but he repudiates the position of Governor Walker, who distinctly recognized the Kanass convention as legitimately called and organized. For the purpose of settling this question Judge Douglas falls back on his report of the 12th of March, 1856, as containing the true doot.ine on the subject. He says that in that report the committee came to the concolusion that "whenever ongress had passed an enabling Act authorizing the people of a territory to form a State constitution the convention was regular, and possessed all the authority which Congress had delegated to it ; but whenever Congress had failed or refused to pass an enabling Act, the proceeding was irregular andvoid,unless vitalty was impartedto it bya subsequentAct of Congress adopting and confirming it." He argues that, as Congress at its late session had falled to pnss an enabling Aot, it follows that the convention called by the Kansas Legislature was irgular and void. We confess our surprise at the constraction which Judge Douglas now places on his report of the 12th of March, 1856, The proposition before the Senate was the admission of Kansas as a State under the Topeka constitution. The Democrats, with Judge Douglas at their head, reslsted this application because the Topeka convention was not only au irregular, but an illegal body, asenabled in open defiance of law, aud with the avowed purpose of overthrowing the legally constituted authorities in Kansas. The friends of the Topeka muovement cited several cases in which Congress had adnitted new States in which there was no enabling Act, and cletmed them as precedents. Judge Douglas, as chairman of the Committee on Territories, reviewed allthess precedents, and showed that none of them were applicable because in no one of them was the proceeding which orlgic nated the application Uegal and in defiance of the territorial laws, as was the case as to thie Topeka movement. The general resulb of the review was stated in these words:- " Your committee are not aware of any ease in the history o!jour own oountry which can be rairly ciLed as an erxmpio, much less a justllcastion, forthese extraordin3iy proceedings. Caes have occurred in which the inhabitants ot pasticular: ottorles have been permitt,1 tofo,rmoonstitut,ons anmdtaketheinitistorystepsfertheorganIzatIon of Ttae governments. prepDgtors to s heir admssion into the Uno surgent obtaIning the arevous shent ow th gre ever y cat 1 in tanco the pscceeding h ori-w nated with, and b: in conducte lca subordinationto, the authorty or the lorm d governedents estabished orrecornIzed by the iomernment of the UcntedA Sttes. icahdasd Arkldnsps, 1anoe of and CAlforn ace nomietSies clist it cases in This is Judge Douglas's language. hse then proceedsa to review the corse of Michigan, Arkansas, FSorida, California, and Rhode Island, on which the Topeka " insurgents" had relied, and showed that in everycase the initiatory steps taken were in subordination to tho local authoritnes, and, thereforc, formed no precedent, for the ad mission of Kansas with the Topeka constitution;* but nowhere I aid or intimatedthataconvention calUed aud held in pursu^annec of!§ an Acvt of a territorial Legislature wvas Irregular and void unless proviously sanctioned by an enabling Act of Congress, On the contrary, thepeint of the report wos that all the cases cited, llke the present case in Kiansas, werez either initiated by the regular territorial Legislature, or were subordinate to, and nob in defiance of, their But Judge Douglas says in his speech that bhs committee recognised and adopted the principle settled in thecoase of Arkansas, and quotes passages from the opinion of Attorney-Gentlera tler to show thae, according to the principle of that case, a territorial law for calling a convention iould be nuli and void unless previousy authorized by an Act of Congress. We do not find the pasnsage L f Mr. Butler's opinion now quotedby Judge Douglas on this point to havo been quoted by hinm n his report on tho 12th of March 1S5v. ThoreS no inti ationgin that report taat thea o catiton. there i ,,~~~~~~~~ommitteeiieddt adopt edyohr oto theMr prBnuitle laid down by Mr. Butler, that an Acct of the terntorialf e islaturo calling a convention is null and void unless prevously authorized by an enabling Act of Congress. The whole extent to which the opinion of mr. Butlc is adopted is, that although the initiatory proceedings for application as a state may be irregular and void, yet, not being absocttelyilegal, and in subversion of the territorial authorne ties, ongress mayentertain the application, Whether the commattee intended to adopt any other portion of Mr Butler's opinion we do not know, but certainly in the report of the 12th of March. 1856, no other portion is adopbed in express Aernn. We ihould doubt whether any committee would atthis daygothelcugth of that opinion; but, nomatter how that may be, it is certain that only so much of his opinion was quoted and adopted as met the case of To eka, and that the paragraphs now quoted and relied on by JKudg DougLas were not quoted and adopted in his report of the 12th of Mlarch, 1856. It would seem to us to be a strange commentary on the doctrine of territorial self-government to maintain that the people of a territory, through their regular aegisfative body, could not initiate proceedings to make appircarinn for admission as a State. Yet Judge Douglas, to sustain his argument, is compelled to deny that the legislture of anses could legally call a convention to frame a constitution-this, too, when in his report Of the 12th March, 1856, he had recognised as valid precedents several cases inwi,hich "the proceedinog had originated with and been conducted in subordination t, tohe authority of the locai governments established," as was the case in regard to the late convention in Kansas. We thinkithe Legislature of Kansas had a right to regard Judge Douglas as conceding themauthority to originate the proceeding for a State convention. It is certain that Governor Walker and re Stanoon, and, as far as we know, all other Democrats, con curred in regarding the Kansas convention as legitimately called and legally organized. Such was the view taken of vi by the President, and i that viewa he is amply sustained by reason and by legal precedents. Judge Douglas makes other objections to the Kansas convention, which, though of minor importance, it may he best to notice. He takes a good deal of pains to show that the Presidont, Governor Wi-lItre, and Secretary Stanton weze committed to the ceople in favour of the submission of the constitution. w e shows further, that those who voted ter delegates to the convention, as well as those who refused to vote, understood that the constitution was to be submitted, and that a portion of the delegates elected were pledged to have the submission made. In viewlo all these eodges, understandings, and promises, Judge Douglas thinks it a great outrage on the people of tansas that none other than the slavery question was sub. mitted to them. The answer to all this is easy, obvious, and conclusive. The object in propo1ing the submission of the constitution was to induce the Topeka portion of the terri tory to take their rightful share in making the constitution. They were standing out in retstance of the proposed con vention smply because it was called by the territorial Legislature whose authority they repudiated. They had everg assurance from the President, Governor Walker, Mr Stanton, and the pro-slavery men, that if they would vote for delegates they should not only be protected at the ballot-box: by a sufficient military force, but that the constitution made should then he submitted for popular ratification. Kotwithatanding nil the assurances given and the appeals made, they stubbornly and factiously refused to go to the polls. Judge Douglas says they had a right to stay away-certainly they had, but had they a right to reject all the offers made, stay awvay from the election, threaten to prevent the peaceful acfion of the convention, denounce a^nd repudiate it as a bogus assemblage, and, after all, to complain that the po mises of submission made to them were not kept 9Ww insist that, in view of the factious refusal of the Topeka men to participate in the election of delegates, the convention was more liberal than they could have been expected to be in submitting the only question at issue between them and the pro-slavery men. Judge Douglas admits that the territorial act calling the convention was fair ; it is not denied that the election for delegates was fairly held; it iS conceded that the Topeka men had a fair chance to control the convention, and make just such constitution as they wanted; yet, when they factiously refuse to exercise their right of self-government in maildng a constitution, Judge Douglas thinks it was an outrage on their right of self-government not to let them, in the same factious spirit) defeat the will of the legally organized convention. The Topeka men wanted a State Government, as was shown by their Topeka movement in 1856. Here was an opportunity to have one framed in their own way. They refused to make a constitation, and zesolved that none should be made, and that none but their own iUegal and rebellious proceedings at Topeka should be recognized. Yet Judge Douglas thinks the principle of self-government is outraged, although the only real matter of controversy was fairly referred to apopular vote. We think that such a concession to the Topekamen is a concession to a spirit of agitaion and rebellon which the convention was under no obligation to make. The only sensible object in submitting a constitution is that the people may judge of its provisions and decide on its merits. Judge Douglas knows that the Topeka men wanted no submi8sion for any such patriotic purpose. They had prejudged the constitution before it was made, and they wanted It submitted, not to judge of its merits, but simply to vote it down because they were resolved to keep up the sectional strife and to insist on their illegal Topeka organi. zation. Judge Douglas thinks that even this rebellious and factious spirit ought to bave been gratified. The President has taken, ax we think, a wiser vlew of the subject in recognizing the action of the convention as the quickest and best uode of rebuking and terminating the spiit of agita. tion aioi rebellion in Kans5aas Js46e J)Ouls dene that the quc6tlo gi glaypy L fairly ubmitted to the popular vote-not that the people haro not the right freely to decide whether Kansas is to be A free or save State, but that they cannot vote on either side of the slavery queston 'without voting for the consti. tutlon. There is more of plausibility than of substance fn thbs objection. The sMbdtantial proposition submitted to the people is, whether they will have slavery or not. This is the question submitted. The residue of the constitution is not submitted, vad was not intended to be submitted, for the good and srfficient reasons before stated. The form 5a whioh the question Js referred is of small ooncen. No one who votes the ticket with econstibution %ith slavery" or that with c constitution without savery" on it Is thereby committed to the approval or disapproval of the judicil system, or the tax system, or any other provision 14 the constitution except the slavery clause. No one will be precluded -from appealing to the prlndpi. of poptlar State sovereignty for the alteration or reformation of any clause in the constitution so soon as the Sbtte comes into the Union. Any one in Kansas rho Is unwilling to vote because he dislike3 one or more provisions in thoevonstitution will be wrlggling on a mere technicality and halting on au unsvb#tntlal pretext. The aU-absorbinu andall-disturbing question of slavery is the only matter for decision on the 21st inst. Whether the convention hm adoptad the best mode of preaenting this question Is quite an fimnaterial point. The substance is presented, and all who want agitation to cease, and who want practical popular sovereignty under a State organization, can vote and contribate to the early attainment of these great objects. The Idea of forcing a constitution on the people of Eansas is absurd, becase suoh a thing is beyond the power of Congrers. The constitution presented to Congress comes from a bAdy which legally represents the people of Kansas. If the people of Kansas voluntarily staid away from the polls, and thus permitted a constitution to be made which is not acceptable to them, they cannot ask Congress to disregard the legal proceedings of those who went to the polls and reject the constitution to gratify the spirit of faction and rebellion which instigatea them in staying away from the election. Much less can they now pretend that a constitation is about to be forced on them against their wilL And, above all, when admitted as a State, the whole subject is under the control of the people of Eansas, free fom all outside Influence. It comes, then, to this practical question: Is it better for Congress to follow the legal proceedings of the Kansas legislature and the Kanss convention by recognizing the constitution, and admitting the State-thereby localizing all dlstractJug questions in Kansas, and subjecting them to the decision of State popular sovereignty, and relieving the other States from a dangerous element of sectional agitation ?-or is It better to listen to the captious and factions objections of the men in Kansas who have so long disturbed the national qutet, and who manifest no abatement of the factious and rebal ious spirit, thus rejecting the work of the men in Kansas who have proceeded peaceably and lawfully, and maidng concessions to the agitators, thereby prolonging the controversy with oll the dangers of discord aud civil war with which it Is enconmpassed ? The President takes the former view. Judge Douglas comes forward and throws himself in the pathway that leads, as the President believes, to an early and satisfactory adjustment of the Kansas question. We think the President talres a wise, patriotic, and safe view of the whole question; and in the policy adopted by him we think he will be Sustained by the popular Judgment.
P V - TE SCHOOLS TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Yon have go' hold of the sow by the right ear when you, in The Tirnu of this morning, attack our private schools on the score of pretended piety and real expense. I believe there is no branoh of business in tho whole country in which humbug is so thoroughly understood and practised or sepulchres are so admirably whited. A broken down cheeeemonger, an ex-upholsterer, a paulopost-future auctioneer-each and all of them are good enough for a schoolmaster; any man who has failed in everything else need only don a white tie, puff, and advertise to succeed ia this. His prospectus can be as brilliant as another man's, his testimonials as wordy and as promising, and the signatures at the bottom eminently respectable, of course. Why should his principles be otherwise than intensely sound when he has them all yet tofind? or his faith otherwise than fragrant wbile still bran new ? Of course, religious leaders of one extreme party or another wil endorse him with unqualified approbation ; of course his Shibboleth will pam current, and his bils will now for the first time be paid at sight. Now, the fault of all this lies with t.he publio. There are plenty of honest men In the country engaged in education withifair University degrees; and though it does not prove much to have obtained a fairly good place in the class-list of either of our Universities;(as most of those who have obtained them will allow), yet it proves a certain axmount of Intelligence and industry and previous education; and proves a vast deal more in a man's favour than can be said for nine-tenths of the windy humbugs who take a large house, charge high terms, misguide a great number of smalU boys, and fleece innumerable indolent, wealthy, pompous parents. And besides Urniversity tests, are there not fifty others used in every other branch of business, and applicable in this ? What are the antecedents of this " Mr. Sound Doctrine," who offers "an individual superintendence and a more than parental care over mylads?" Where does he come from ? What has he done ? What brought him here ? Does he pay his biUs ? Can he write English ? Can he even speak It? Why does he put on that sanctimonious face tome, and thatgreasyleertomysmaUboy? Theyareboth of them unwholesome expression of countenance, and yet both less so than that black scowl of his at-poor Mr.'Versegrinder, the unpresentable young man in short trousers, who crossed the passage inoppoxunely as I entered Do-the. Boys Ha;l; who looked like an undertAker run to seed, but does (as I have since found) the real teaching of the whole school, and gets more ideks than halfpence for his pains ; buied by the boys-insulted by the servants-sat upon by the master-snaubbed by the master's wife. If parentuwill send their boys to private schools and private tutors, let them at any rate make sure of their men ; and if theyhave not time to find out the Intricacies of this retail education, then let them turn to the public schools where everything is aboveboard and where humbug is impossible , where if the head master Is good the thing is worked well; and if the thing Is worked ill the numbers of the school soon fall rud the whole world knows it. The public schools are not more costly than the private; many of them are less so. If Eton and Harrow, or Westminuter, are above the capacities of your purse, if you cannot get yonr boy into the foundation of Chartarhouse or Winchester, still there are Rugby and Cheltenham and Marlborough, the dearest of them under 80M. per annum, all included; and the cheapest of them only 601., and, indeed, for the sons of clergymen 2O per cent. cheaper. Not that I thi Mk Mr. Thackeray's friend unwise In paying 751. a-year for each of his little boys. If the quality was good the price was all right; but the quality is often in an inverse ratio to the price. I believe that that 1501. spent on the education of those two boys may have been the wisest investment of the money possible, But with regard to the present cost of education, it is certain that far better men have of late years been engaged in education than was the case before Arnold's tiee; men of stronger calibre and higher stamp altogether, and this better artile must have a good price. Only these men have very seldom taken up with private schools, and for the most part have been draughted off into the renovated channels of old nublio schoolR. __ COMMON SENSE. Deo. 29.
TH I U.Nm STAT]eS' POSz-o-pLc.-The total number of post-offices irs the United States at this time is 27,148, of which 368 are of the class denominated Presidential, the incumbents being subject to appointment by the President and Senate. On the 30th of June last, 7,888 xnail-routea were In operation, with an aggregate length of 242,601 miles; of which 22,530 miles were by railroad, 15,245 by steamboats, and 49,329 by coach. The total annual transportation of mails was 74,906,067 miles, costing 06,622,046. The cost of transportation was relatively as follows :-Bv railroad, 10 cents& 5 mills per mile; by steamboat, 22c. a-mile; by coach, 7 cents, 4 millsa-mile. The receipts of the department for the year were $7,353,951, and the expenditures $11,508,057. Allowing for certain special provisions on the account of revenue and expenditure, the deficit is stated at $3,453,718 40c. The estimates for 1858 are as follows:Expenditures, $12,053,247; Revenue, $10,584,074; leaving tne sum of $41,469,173 to be appropriated by Congress to defray the expenditures of the coming year. The postages on mails transported by the Colinse ne during the year, were $210,463 03.; previous year, $461,575. The amount of letter postages upon malls exchanged during the year with Great Britain was $874,194 ; of which $574,194 were collected in the United States. An elaborate tabular statement is farnished of the number of lettes and papes conveyed between the United States and Great B3ritain during the last four years, showing a pecamary result disadvantageous to the department. The folowing are the statistics:- The balnce is, every year, largely against us. The cause lies in the fact that nearly two-thirds of the trans-tllantic mails have been conveyed by the Cunatd line, the British Governmnext thereby receiving nearly four-fifths of the post. age. Negotiations are nending for a radical change of oar postal arrangements with Great Britain; but, as the proposition of the British office, in its present shape, camnot be acceded to, and as it involves also a preliminary agreement requiring the sanctionof the treaty-making Powers, definitu action upon it has been necessarily postoned for the et.bostract of the Report of the United Statee
COUR2T OF BAVKBRUPTCY, BEasngWkrext, Dc 29. TH1T R1: HOUSEHOLDERS' GENUINE BREAD AND PLOUR COMPANY. (Before Mr. Commi8iomLer fRoylnvn_ This was a meeting for the proof of debta against the company. Two proofs amountng to 128Z.were tendered by Mr. LiNsczATrI on behalf of mr. Thomas William Dornford, the treaurer and alBo a direotor of the company. Mr. WEYMOUTr, for a contributory, objected to the proof. Mr. Dornford's accounts and transactions with the company, he submitted, ought to investigated before any proof could be allowed. It was said that Mr. Dormford had entered into au arrangement withI Mr. Edward Lacey, promnoter of the company, to receive 2001. a-year as treasurer and director, and to beat liberty to employ a clerk at 701. per year to do his work. He was informed that It was out ot this irregular arrangement that the alleged debt The Colxasr'esroN. ordered the proof to beadjourned for investIgation, and On the application of Mr. Weymnouth, a meeting was a'i pointed for the 13th of January, at half-past 11, for the examinart ion of Mr. La cey. IN RE W. CARR. The bankrupt was a cheesemonger, of Bishopseate.ztreetwithout. He was awarded a second-dies certificate; Mr. Teague, for the assignees, consenting. IN BE JOHN SUERWOOD. The bankrupt was a jeweller and stationer, of Faversham. He failed to aurrnder and was outlawed. INR BE OBERT CLOtaI. The bankrupt was a hosler, &c., of 130, Oxford-streat. His accounts show unsecured creditors, 4,7591.; creditors holding security, 5,4761,; property held by the seoured creditors, 6,705 ; other property and assets estimated to realize about 2,0004 The bankrupt passed his examination unopposed.
POLICE. MAYION-flO1J1.-The LOR-D MAYzoR requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt of 201. from Messrs. William James and enry Thompson, and of 6l. from W. W.," per liessrs. Praed and Co., for the poor-box. BOW-STREXT. -Mr. Richard Potts appeared in discha of his own recognizances to answer the adjourned charge of steahing abilior 200 l.intrusted to hlm by Mr. R. B. Jennings for the purpose of getting it discounted. The prosecution WBS conducted by Mr. Lewis, and the prisoner was defended by MWr. B. Hutchinson. The prosecator, after repeating his former evidence, was cross,exsmiined by.Mr. Hutchinson.-Hadl not received any money on account of the bill with the exception of Ii 4s. Had not received a 201.-note from prisoner, bat had on one occa2lonreceived a half of a 20. note, which he retrrned, as the landlord of the hotel said it was worth nothing, being 13 or 14 years old. The landlord did not say that the attempt of witness to get csas on a halfnote was "¢the last resource of a swindler." He applied that expression to the conduct of defendant in giving It to him (witness). Witness had been in the 5th Infantry Militia. Was not discharged for telling lies. Was discharged for writing a letter to the Marquis of Salisbury. Declined to say whether it was for saking a false accusation against his commanding offcer of selling commi ssons. Had been in Dablin gaol in 1854, but was discbarged by the Cours. Paid no dividend on that occasion. His debts were not 5,0001., nor even 1,0001. Could not esy how often he w in pson. Ws in the Beneh last year (correcting him- self- ear. fr. Hutchiuson,-So often, in fact, that you can't remember which was the last time, Cross-examination continued.-Was in Whitecross.street thisyear. HadstaidattheWhiteHorseat Uxbridge. Whether hepidd his bill or no had nothing to do with this case. He believed there was a balance. Had paid his bi'll at the Royal Albert Hotel, but could not say whether he owsed anything at the TavistoXc. If he did, It vws probably in his schedule, Denied that he had stolen the bill in question from hr. Banks. Mr. Banlks gave it to him forhis (witness's) accommodation, being under obligations to him. Did not receive it direct from Mlr. Banks, but through a friend, Mr. Darcy. Witne&s name was not on it then, only lr. Bauks's. Witness put his owrn name to It. Could not say whetber he agreed to give Darcy 501. out of iti; ther-. was, he believed, some such conversation. Did not pay z:-o 501. to Darcy, because he did not get it himself. Mr. Lewis, in re-examination, put questions as to the defendanVs conduct and character, and elicited that witness " believed" he lived by getting bils to discount and keeping the proceeds, but Mr. JARDINE stopped Mr. Lewis in this line of examination, on the ground that def endant's credit was not in issue.I Mr. Re2inald Chancey repeated his former evieance, inh slating most positively that it was a201.-note, and not a halfnote that was given to complainant by prisoner at the house in the Haymarket, and that complainuS had admitted it to him (Mr. Chancey) at the time, Mr. Lewis applted for a remand, as Mr. Darcey was not in attendance. JHe would prove the circumstances under which he gave the note to Mr. Jennings, and also that it had since been taken up, having been discounted. Mr. Hutchinson said that was admitted, but the bill was not wozth more than defendaut had given complainant. In faot an intimation had been received that it had been improperly obtained from Mr. Banks, and so Mr. Potts eclined to eve Mr. Jemlings any more money for it. Mr. JARDnTE said that even if Mr. Lewis could prove all that he expected, It would not amount to a case on which he could commit the defendant to the sessions. Mir. Lewis said that on the 12th of January the defendant would be examined as an insolvent. He hoped the magistrate would at all events remand him over that date. Mr. JAB.Dnzz.-I do not think I have any right to do so, in oeder that your client may feel his way towards making out a case for a criminal charge. He must be discharged. Some conversation followed, touching certain biUs of Mr. Courtenay, grandson to the Earl of Devon, alleged to have been dotained by the defendant. Mr. Hutchinson said that Mr. Courtenay had given the bils to Mr. Potts to raise 5001. on them, for which he was to have 701. commission. He found a gentleman who was prepared to advance the money, but it then turned oun that Mr. Courtenay had no longer need of the accomnmodation, having obtained it elsewhere. Under these circumstances, Mr. Potts, who had been at all the trouble, and hadfulfilled his Dart of the contracts demanded his commission, and refvsed to give up the bills till It was paid. As no chareo w as p referred in this case, the subject wras allowed todop, and, the charge on which Mr. Potts Was apprehended having been dismissed, the parties left the court, after an intimation from MEr. Hutchlnson that he would institute proceedings fer perjury against MIr. Jen- Mr. JARDmX has received for the poor-box 51. from " W. W.," through Messrs. Praeds and Co. Aa acknow. ledgment was requested in Tke Times. MARLBOROUGH-STREET.-JameS A'Kinder, coachman, was charged with stealing 1301., the proper,y of his master Mr. Thomas Albeit Gladstanes, of Gunnersbory, Middlesex. Mr. Gladstanes stated that the prisoner was his coachman, on trial. Last Wednesday he sent him with 1301. in banknotes to pay for a pair of carriage horses he had desired to purchase. He gave direction to the prisoner to pay tho money to Mr. Bicklin, of Norfolk-yard, Bsyswater, but the risoner was first to attend at Aldridge's Sale-rooms in St. nsrtiuls-lane, where the horses were for sale. He had never seen the prisoner from that day until the prisoner was apprehendedl. He had received a good charaoter of the prisoner from a coachbuilder named Holland. Pollee-constable (A. 300) Poole said, he took the prisoner into custody at Langham's, the Cambrian Stores, near Lesceeter-square. The prisoner said his name was not M'Kinder, but he owned that he weent by that name, and remarked that he had only " stepped it" Iwith the money. On searching the prisoner 301. m notes was found in his po8session. The prisoner said he had been robbed of 601. of the money. Mr. Ficklin, horse-dealer, Bayswater, said, he had a pair of horses for sale. Saw the prisoner, who told him his master had given him 130L, to buy the horses at the auction. He told the prisoner ho should not take less than 1351., and the prisoner agreed to give that sum for them. HIe told the prisoner he would give him a warranty of soundness if he would come to his house In the evening with the money. He saw no more of the prisoner after that inter-| Mr.BEADoN said, he must send tho case to a jury, and the prisoner was accordingly fully committed. For the poor-box, 5., from " W. W.," per Messrs. Praed and Co. MARYLEBoNz.-Mr. BROUGIITON requests the acknow- I ledgment in Ti% imes, in accordance with the wish of the donors, of the receipt of 51. from "W. W.," through Messrs, Praed and Co., for the poor-box; also of a check for three guineas for the like object from Mlessrs. Spencer, Turner,I and Boldero, drapers, &hc., iAsson-grove, being their annual subscription. The second half ol a 5l.-note, .No. 72724 (the first p?art of which was received anonymously on the 22d inst. ~, has not yet come to hand. WEsTNrysTrR.-Thomas Butler, aged 43, was charged with feloniously assaulting and wounding CorneUus O'Sheen. Prosecutor's face was frightfulUy disfigured; his nose had been completely slit up, while a quantity of strapping concealed two other wounds in the face. He stated that he lived at 9, St. Ann's-lane, Westminster, in the samm house as the prisoner, and that upon his return home from his work, at 10 on the previous night, the accuted and his son ollowed him up to his room, and, having locked the door inside, said, "Nov, we have got you." He was thenl wounded with someosharp instrument, knocked down, and rendered insensible. Mary O'Sheen, the daughter ofi prosecutor, a girl about 15 years of age, said, she followed, behind her father, upstairs, when prisoner's son rau out and used some threats, from which, apprehending great danger, she put her hand in his, and kissing him entreated him not to hurt her father. She thou-ht she had appeased his anger, but in a moment afterwaras he came upstairs with a " salver," such as is used to lift mortar with, and brandished it about. He was accompanied by his father, who, when they got into her father's room, had a large whitehandled knife in his hand, with which he stabbed her father, and ran the knife right through his nose. At the moment they made the attack both father and son said " We have got you now." I Mr. PAngxs inquired what waikr of life the men were The girl replied, " labourers-her father worked at the Eq,uitable and the prisoner at the Chartered Gas Works." Mr. PAYNcrxa said, the charge was one of a more serious oharacter than he had had before him for sonnotime,and the police must make most diligent search for the knife. The worthy magistrate inquired whether the cause of the attack .had been aseortained? The police replied that all they could learn as a reason for it was, that the prisoner had complained of tho prosecutor making a great noise goinig up and downx stairs, which appeared to annoy him very much. My. PAYNTER thought it a strange reason for such a desperate attak and could not help thinking that therJ must havebeen3omeothercause. Hoesuestedtht itwouldbe awell if the polioe made some inqxuiies into the matter. |The pole said, the request should be promptly attended The prisoner waa remanded. CLERnw3LL.-" J. P. B." hag senSt 1, and "J. H, Pentonp ll11. for the poor-box, witLha requesb that its reitmgtbe acknowledged in The Times. n a S- rner, a wrel known compic o f thleveO was charg with stasling a silver watch from Henry Elmes at the pit door of the ViLctoria Theatre. The prosecutor a young roan residing at Xentington, said, thit on the previons evening he went with a friend to the Victoria Theatre, and it was a little before S oclock whenthey arrived at the pit doomrs There was a greaf mob there, and while witness wa pawing In hb felt a tog at his watoh chain, and on lookIng on one side he saw the pronr's right hnd leave his watch pocket and he the f ds that his watch was gone, n r noff at the bow. He immedistely pursued he prionerl and J him near the lamp r fit, hut at theab approahng he quickly jumpedL upanraof.Hpusehi a,an seired hold of him, and handed hmoe otecsoyo constable, hut his watch was not foud. The magistrato asked the prisoner whether he weull prefer being tried byhim or going to the sesions ? Be replied that he would soner bave it settled it at onoe.; He was guilty, but it was hIds first offence. Downe, the gaoler, here informed his worship that he was an old offender, having beent several times incustody for pickding pockets, and he had been convicted. The magistrat sad, it was a very impudent robbery, sn(I he should sentence him to six months' hard labour in the House of Correction. Mr. COMnnE received a P'oct-office order for 1_1. from "it., H.," and U2. in postage stamps from "10. A, Ml.," for the poor-box. LsuuvYR.Onr reporter was requested to acknowledge the receipt of a boaknote for 51., as a contribution front "1B. S. and Ca.," to the poor-box.
VAB IA S a P?ARIS.-The Prefect of Police hag decided that from this time tho fares of the public carriages called voitures dc remise, shaU be 2f. the hour or course, from 6 o'clock in the morning to half-past 12 at night, and 2f. SOc. the course and Sf. the hour from half-past 12 to 6 In the morning; and that the fares of ordinary cabs shall be lf. 25. the course, and if. 75c. the hour, if with two places; If. 40c. the course, and 2f. the hour, if of four or five places from 6 in the morning to half-past 12 at night; and 2. tehe course and 2f. 50c. the hour, whether of two, four, or five places, fromn half-past 12 to 6 in the ruorning. These fares apply only to Paris, to places withia the fortifications, and o the Bois de Boulogne; for places beyond the fortifications he fares are higher. [Adverbisement,]..`Tbique, or English Country Qusarters aLd Eautern Bivouac.' by J. W. Clayton, late Captain, 13m Light Dragoove, author of "Letters from theN1ile. one vol, post S6o. prire 7a. Sd. "1Arncy and amusing work. kmn isexemPljed naka abhinte redundancy of humorous tnvMmtle.-."omrt Cild ar "Captain Olayton has produced a very amnsing book. one whie wnii be read with pleasure by all Wlio take anh Irerest In the lie of an cubier at homie cr abroad; the language Is forc.ble, the incIdents exeirit stirri4g, and the deecriDtion of men ted tanners in the camop, at country quarters, or the lield of battlo ar extremely gabc".,0 day Times. Ohazles J. Skeet, 10. King WllEllam-.atroet, Uharlngcro"L [Advertisement.]-Gratis.-Double lMap of Asia. Olt Bunday next, Jau. 3, a ruly beautiful coloured double Map of A wil be given With each copy of the Dispatch And a colo1rea mao, will be usie eere7. week gratlu fora, the meet iperfect ana m utla ever publbhhd. The bacvuumhvr ot the atuaa are kept ,cm atantly en Wae, so thAt the work may be made complete fromn the com. menDoemesit at an time, and at the Wetlct cOnTenienoe of the 1mr. chaer.An ma orSh seie ma beha ulisthe newspapr for the cusenswee o wih ay onynotOu ciprit.The pricet the " Dii.. patc" I matanpedii tamed o Kfecby post, 61 The F~.. day ?snlg eduonmsyb reo±ve~ In themt
UMlI"AI?Y AND NA VAL INTJBLLIGENOB. The authorities at the War-office hli bng decided an sendtig out an additional force to Indis. exclusive of the troops who are new under orders or vn their passage to tbat country, instructions have bean forwarded to the comaianding officers of the various depots attauhed to the Indian establishment, directing them to hold in readiness troops from their several depofs to the numberof l1,t0 non-com. missioned officers and men, with the proper proportion of olliers, the whole of whom wvill embark at Gravesend early in the eusuing month, tonnage ha-lng been taken up for them by the HonL. East India Company. The following are the depOts which are ordered to furnish that nurmber of o'icers and troops for their regiments. the service companies of which are now stationed in the BeagAl presidencv --viz., 5th (Fusilers),Sth (the King's), 10th, 19th, 20th, 23rd, (Rlo;al Welsh Fusileers),24tb, 27th [Enniakillens), 29Jh, 32d, ,,5th, 37th, 42d (EUghlanders), 52d (Light Infantry), 53d, 6;)h RHies, 1st, 2d, arnd 3d battalions, 61st, 70th, 75th, 78th (ilighlanders), S1st, 112a, Sith, S7th (Royal Irish Ecloerz), S8th (Connaught Rangers), 89th, 90th (Light Infantry), 93d (Highlanders), 94th, 98th, and the Rifle Brigade. In a-ddition lo the above troops, 500 non-commaissioned officers and men will embark early In January for the purpose of jonmisg the head-quarters of those regtments attached to the Bombay and Madras establishments, together with the 4Nth Regimnnet and the 92d Higblanders, which regiments are to proceed to India from Gibraltar, where they will be relieved by tae 22d and the 25th (King's Own Borderers), An adjourned meeting was held yesterday morning in the 3nessroom of the officers of the Royal Artillery, Woolwich, at the request of the Commandant of the Garrison, and was rttended by Major-General Sir W. P. WiUliams, Colonel Browvn, R.M., Colonel Brockman, East Kent Militia, Colonel Bowles, Oxford Militia, Major Sails, commanding the Royal Military Train, and upwards of 100 officers belonging to the various regiments on duty In Woolwich. M,sjor-General Williams announced the object of the meeting from the ebair, by stating that be bad requested their attendance in order to discuss the advantages to be derived from the establishment of a mUiitary institute, now in progress, for the benefit a.d recreation of the private soldier, and which he hoped to see liberally carried out and supported by the contributions of every offlcer in the garrison. The General, after pointing out the numerous advantages which such an institution would corfer on the whole military community, said he was most anxious for Its inauguration, as he had witnessed the benefits of similar estabidshments in other garrison towns. Colonel Brown, R.31, expressed himself higbly in favour of forming an institution which would offer a second home for the leisurehoursof the soldier and free him from the con. taumination and allurements of the publichouse and coiTee. shop. It cannot be denied (continued Colonel Brown) that the domestic accommodation of a married soldier's quar. ters, usually on a most limited scale, is oftentimes most uninviting. In such cases an establishment like the one now under ltheir consideration, If properly esta. blished, would be fraught with marvellous advantages, and would offer a second home at a most insignificant oxpendi. ture, The Ihev. C. L. Gleig, M.A., chaplain-general to the army, enumerated instances of the manifold advantages whlh he had observed in Dover, and other places, where theEe establishments have been created, in order to provide for the rel%xation and amusement of the soldier's leisure hours, and said there could not be two opinions on the benefit which a siwoilar home world confer in WIool. wich on tho well-disposed of every age, but more partieularly on the nmoral and sociel well-beiug of the young soldier. Colonel Gardner and other officers subsequently addrested the meeting, when a show of hands was requested by those who were In favour of the institution, and who wero willing to contribute towards its establishment and support, and also a show of hands for the contrary object. The nnmbers exhibited a majority in favour of the institution. Some important imuprovements and alterations, suggested by the East India Company's Directors on their recont inspection of theolght draught gun-boats under construction icr river service in India by Messrs. Rennie and Sons, having been completed, the three already terminated are being packed for shipment forthwith. Instructions were yesterday received at Woolwich Dockyard relative to payiug off and recommassioning the flag-ship Fisgard on tho 31st inst. Commodore Shepherd will immediately rehoist his flag, and the whole of the numerous officers employed in the contingent services, and wlho are borne on the Fisgard's books, are to be reappointed, with the exception of Mr. .tugford, master, who is to be succeeeed by Mr. C. T. A. Noddall, commanding IHerMajesty's ship Agamemnon; and Mr. Vincent Williams, who will retire on the half-pay list. The Goliath, 80, screw-steamer, which has been some time In dock at Sheerness, to be fitted with her machinery, Is ordered to be talken to Chatham to be made ready for sea. Tho freight ships Dutchman and Adonis embarked yester. day at Portsmouth dockyard the 1st Royal Surrey Militia for conveyance to Waterford. The Dutchman embarked seven companies, comprisiug two field officers, four captains, eight subalterns, two staff, 32 sergeants, 10 drummers, 21 corporals, 39S privates, 32 sold ler.; wives, 38 children, and two officers' horses; and the Adonis emisbarked three compaaies, comprising one field-officer, two captains, five subalterns, three staff, eight sergeants, 10 corporals, 177 privates, 11 soldiers' wives, four children, and one horse. The officers were Colonel W. H. Samner, Lieutenant-Colonel G. P. Evelyn, Major G. D. Scott, Captains E. R. L. P.'nrhyn, C. W. CaOveal, J. A. Bor'cott, C. S. Barrow, W. Platt, A. H. Sun-nor; Lieutenants H. Peters, W. H. Wedley, P. A. Carlton, S. Taylor, A. L, Bayne, G. C. Bayne; Ensigns W. U. Miller, H. A. Harding, J. IL Medley, G. P. Walker, G. R. MaskaU, C. A. P. Bullock, B. W. Minobin, Paymaster F. J. Bellew, Adjutant J. Prosser, Quartermaster lIontree, Sorgeon R. H. Warwick and Assistant-Surgeon H, W. .,ackson, Both ships left last evening for Waterford. Tbo Diadem, 32, screw frigate, Captain Moorsom, C.B,, and the Sharpshooter, 9, steam sloop, Lieutenant-Commander Gibbon. were offiCally inspected yesterday at }Portsmouth by Admiral Sir George Seymour, EC.B., the Comnander-in-Chlef of the station, prior to their going on a cruise, the former for some experimental trials in the Channel, and the latter to the coast of Africa, The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutonant A. C. Curtis to tho Vulcan; Lieutenant George A. Douglas and Lieutenant William H. Heaton, to the Royal Albert, for disposal; Nicholas LIttleton, surgeon, to the F.sgard; William Carmichael, Maxwell Rodgers, Josh. V. N. Blake, and R. C. M'Clement, assistant-surgeons, to the Victory; Thomas Rue, Andrew Mallar, and Edward B. Irosten, rssistant-surgeons, to the Impregnable; WilUam G. I'armaLter, paymaster, to the Ajax. ; lr. Samuel Irvine has been promoted to be deputy-medical inspector on retired half-pay.
T11E UNITED STATES' AR IY.-Acoording to the report of the United Statee' Secretary of War the army consists of 19 reginments, divided into 10 of infantry, four of artillery, two of cavalry, two of dragoons, and one of mounted rtlemeLn. The wholo strength of the army, as posted, consists of about 17,981 men ; and the aczual strength on the 1st of July last was 15,7G4. In addition to the movements vrhioh the troops have been called on to nreio this year this force is called on to garrison 6S pera'anent forts and to occupy 70 posts spread over an area of about 3,0(,0,000 square miles. The Secretary of War thinks that, to render Government protection to our vast frontier and emigratlon perfect a very largo augmentation of the army wooutd not be required. Five zdditional regiments woould answer the purpose, if properly posted. He, therefore, suggests tho pronrlety of asking from Congress this increase. The arny has been constantly and actively engaged. The Indian wvar in Florida claiwed the attention of a strong force: axrgent affairs in Kansas demanded the presence there of two regintents; and, finally, the movement of troops to Utah was a most serious and important undertakin,g. The Secretary of War reviews the present condition of the Mormons -their disrega-d of the oivil auithorities of the United States-and all-des to the prevailing belief that they instigated the Indi.ns to hostilities against our citizens. Never. theless, it hass always been the policy and desire of the Federal Government to avoid co'lision with this Mormon community. It has borne with their insubordination until, at leDgth, they stand lllc a lion in the pathway that leads from the Atlantio States to the Pacific seaboard. It was hence thought expedient during the past eumomer to send a body of troops to Utah with the ctvil officers recently appointed to that territory. As the intention then was merely to establislb these functionaries In the offices to which they had been commissloned, and to erecs Utah into a geographical mUitary department, the force then despatched and now en route to the territory was thought to be amply sufficient for these puirposes. Supplies wvere abundant, the position was favourable for holding the Indians in check;, and it was hardly within the line of reasonable probability that the people could put themselves beyond the pale of reconciliation with the Government by acts of unprovoktd rebellion. This, however, they have done. Great care was taken in preparing the march to Utah that nothing shouldevenseem to exoiteapprehension. The in,sbructions to the commnanding officer were not to allow any confict between the troops and the people of the territory, except only in case be shouid be called on by the governor for soldiers to aot as a posse comifgs in enforcing the obedience to the laws. In conformity with this sentinsent, an active, discreet officer was sent in advance of the army to Utah, for the purpose of assuring the peogle of the territory of the peeceful intentions of the Government. This officer found that the deluded people were determined to resist, by force if necessary, the entrance of the army into the vdley of Salt Lake. Supplies of every sort were refused him, and the day after his departure Brigham Young issued hid proclamation substautially declariog war against ihe United States. In view of this menacing attitude of affaisin Utah. ,and of the importance of promptly suppressing the spirit of rebellion there, the secretary repetts his reeoesmeudation for the immedinta addition of at least five new reerments to I 'u hrvocp. The eecretary allUdes to divers defecui in I l,oitOtYiLO s'wig;A ought tu Om reusedied,-.Ae± rcsr Poy:-r, i
TEE BOYAL MILITARY COLLEGB. The following notice and memovrandum bave been issued by the rmilttary aathorities- " Horse Guards, S.W., Dec. 29. "Notice is hereby given that the competitive examinations of candidates for the admission into the junior department of the Royal Mitary College, referred to in article 6 of the subjoined memorandaum, will be held at Bunrlington-house, Piccadilly, oa the 28th, 29th, aua 30th of January:- "Memorandum. " Horse Guards, Deo. 3. "Her Majesty having been pleased to approve that the education of gentlemen of all arms of the service who do not obtain commissions by direot appointment shall bs given at the Royal hilitary College at Sandharst, the fol. lowing will be the regulations for the future admission of candidates into that College:- "1. The age of admission tobe from 16 to 18 years. "2. The candidate must applythrongh his parent or grardian to the General Commanding-in-Chief for permission to to have his name entered on the list of competitors for the College. On receiving that permission it will be open to the candidate to compete at any one of the half-yearly Entrance Examinations which may occur while he is within the prescribed limits of age. If unsuccessful, he vwill be allowed a second trial; but if again unsuccessful, he will be debarred from further competition for entrance into the College. " 3. The unsaceessfal candidate, however, will still be eligible to enter the army by passing the examination for direct commissions. " 4. The period of study wilt be two years. It will be terminated by a competitive examination, the most successful candidates in which will be permitted to select the Corps of Royal Engineers or Royal Artillery, according to the number of vacancies in those corps, or will receive commissions withoat purchase in the Cavalry, Guards. or Line. Thioe vwho select the Ordnance Corps wil be removed to the School of Application at Woolwich. "o 5. The payments by cadets at the Royal Military College will be on the following scale, viz.:- Per annum-. For sons of private gentlemaen ... - £. 2100 For sons of admirals and general officers having regiments ... ... ... ... ... 80 For s s of general officers not having regiments .. 70 For sons of captains end commanders of the Royal Navy and field officers of the army having sub- stantive rank ...- .. ... .. ... .. 50 For sons of all officers of the Royal Navy and Army under the above ranks ... ... ... 40 For the sons of officers of the Navy and Army who have died in the service, and whose families are proved to be left in pecuniary distress ... 20 Twenty ' Queen's Cadets,' being sons of officers in the Navy and Army who have fallen in action, or have died from the effects of active service, and have left their families in reduced circumstances... Pree. "In addition to the above payments, there will be required to be deposited on entrance such sum as shall be found necessary for supplying clothing, books, and instrurnents. " 6. The first competitive examination for the Royal Military College will take place in the month of January, 1858, at which 24 of the most successful candidates, if duly qualified, will be admitted. " 7. Each candidate will be required to preduce a certificate of baptism, or otber satisfactory proof of his age, a certificate from a minister of the chureh or denomination to which he belonps that ho has been duly instructed in the principles of religion, and a certificate from the master or tutor under whom hehas been educated of his general moral conduct for at least the two precod'ng years. "' The candidate vill bo examined by a medical officer to ascertain that he is in every point of view, as regards his physical, nstitution. fit for military service. "9 The following will be the subjects in which examination papers will he set, and the number of marks assigned to cach, vi: Markcs. Classics (Latin 2,000, Greek 1,600) ... 3,600 Mathematics ... ... ... 3,600 English language . . ... ... 1,203 FrAncli I -ls ';"U... .... ... . .. , . .AI Any other modern languag- 1,200 history, with geography . . 1,200 Natural Scfences,-i. e., mineralogy and geology 600 Experimental solences-i.e., ohymistry, heat, electricity, including magnetism . C00 Drawing ... ... ... ... ... ... 500 "Lun mathematics the following elementary branehes will be required to be taken up, viz. :- "Arithmetic, including vulgar and decimal fractions; proportion, extraction of the square root, interest. " Algebra, including fractions, simple equations, and questions producing them. "Eucd, the first two books. "To these two branches 1,200 marks (out of the above 3,G00 marks for mathematics) will be aZlotted, and it wlll be necesary for qualification that at least 600 marks in all be obtained. " In the English language 400 marks wil be assigned to correct and legible writing from dictation and to composition, and of these it will be required that at least 200 shaU be obtained for qualf6cation. I n the Franch language 400 marks will be aluotted to correot reading and translation from an easy French author, auI of theso at wIast 200 why be requaired for q7ualfication "an history (with let2o0 lbye,400 marks ed ill be allotted to that of England with its dependencies, of which 200 will be required for qualification. "And, in addition to the number of marks jus' stated as indispensable for qualification in the required portions of mathematics English French, and history, it vill be necessary that the candtd;te shall obtain such a number in these and the remaining subjects above enumerated as shall raise his total number to 2,400 marks. " No marks will be allowed to count in any subject left optional to the candidate, unless at least one-fifth of the marks allotted to that subject be gained. " The candidate will be required to forward to the Council of Military Education one month before the examination a statement of the subjects he desires to take up, in which ho wvill specify the names of the classioal authors he has studied, and the course of history he has been reading. "Th competitors will be reported to she Commauderin-Chief in their order of merit, and tbose first on the list will succeed to the vacancies at the College. 'By command, G. A. WETHERALL, Adjutant-General." THE STAFF COLLEGE. "' Horse Guarde, Dec. 29. "Noticois hereby given that the competitive examinations for admission to the Staff College wiU be hold at Burlington-house, PiccadiUly, on the Ist of February, 1858."
EAST NDIAN STATISTICS.-We extmct the following statistical detaUs from a blue book (just issued), containing a mnas of tabular informatlon relating to the colonial, &c., possessions of the British empire (part 2). The total population of the British and other States in India amounted at the last returns to 180,367,148 souls, including 97,763,562 in the government of Bengal, 22,437,297 in IIadras, and 11,790,042 in Bombay. Taus the population of .he British States wa.s 131,990,9C1 souls. The population of the native States included 38,702,266 in Bengal, 5,213,671 in Madras, and 4,460.370 In Bombay, making a total of 43,376,247 souls. In the French and Portuguese territoriea there 'were 517,149 souls. The total area of the territories thus peopled was 1,465,322 square miles, in 1854 there were apprehended for offences in Bengal 101,781 persons; in the North-Western Provinctns, 104,196; In Madras, 207,890; and In Bombay, 73,262 persons. The total nuniber of British troops employed in India (British) In 1855-66 amourted to 279,148 (includin- 25,825 Royal and 253,328 Coyipany's troops) against 2g0,633 in 18.54.55Aud 282,236 in 185-54. The number emaployed in Bengal (1855-56) was 167,796; in Madras, 63,241; and in Bombay, 48,11L The279,148soldiersemployedin the last named year (1855.56) inoluded only 47,872 Europeans against 231.276 natives, and the same alarming dlsproporT'on is noticeablein former years. In 1854-6v therevenue of India armounted to 29,133,0501., and the exnenditure to 27,741,7211., leaving a net deficiency (after deductinv 3,011,735il for "home charges") of 1,620,3061. The reverue of Bengal was 11,691,3441,; that of the North-Western Provinces, 6,254,2681.; that of Madras, 4,929,3461. ; that of Bombay, 4,950,3471. and that of the Punsab, 1,307,7451. The items of the revenue have been given in former returns. The charges in 1354.55 included 2.500,35814 for oivil and political establishments, 2,395,2204 for ijudicial and police charges, 10.873,525. for military (exclusive of war) charges 439.1791. for mnarine and pilotaqe, 2,035,91514 for tbel Interest of the debt, and 2,595,0201. for home charges, making a total expenditure in India and in England of 30,753.4561. The debt of India in the year 1854- S5amounted to 51,615,5be ., avd the bond debt In England to 3,915,5921, the whole debt amaounting to 55 531 1201., ar.d the interest; thereon to 2,189,4:313 In the smne' year, 1854-55, 25,325 vessels of 3,252,258 tons entered into and cleared out from ports in British India (exclusive of the native craft engaged in the coasting trade), 4,728 Brittsh vessels of 1,822,157 tons so entered and cleared in that year. The total vdlue of the imports by sea into India in the year 1854-55 was 14,7i70,9271., and that of the exports 20,194,2554, The imports froi the united kingdom alone were valued at 9,833,646L. tfrom Arabia and Persia, 1,027,76514; from China, 1,~87. 6784_; and from Penang, Singapore, and Malacca, 543,6861. The imports from America were onl 162,1301. The imports included 328.1911. of apparel, 216.1814. of books and stationery, 1,274,0981. of cotton twist and yarn, 5,403,2471. of cotton goods. 251,0514 of malt hdeors, 260,220. of copper, and 20,6741. of iron ; 312,S.30?fwruh me allo kinds, 288,7724of war stores, 142, 6921. of sea stores, 129,3964 of prteious stones, 197, 510 of silk goods, 143,978?. of apgIces, 125,2251. of spirits 101,i121n of tea, 109,0121. of tobacco, and cigar 240,874? of wines, 171,0654 of woollen good, 126,303aofmachiney,s o9,8461. of lee, rnd 191,2631. of fruits, &er The exports from India to England were 7,636,9411. out of 20h194e2551. The gnerad flist of exports included 1,426,1491. of indig Iyes 1,231,153 of rIce, 213,6142. of guninies3 and bags, 229,2411. of jute, 3,694.8171. of opium, 457,7141. of saltwetre, or nitrate of potals, 646,0891 of seeds, 460,of 1. of raw slkc, 248,557Ha of sik goods, 355,8271. of sins and hides. 820,7981. of sugar, anad nl,55o& of timb-r. Such is a Fummary of tho statistieca tables relative to our East Indian empire. DEs-eRTU1Ga SnA.7%mN-LERiooi, Dec. 29.-.This akfternoon, at the Liverpool Police-court, Captain Candlish, uf the serip Norther Bride, was charged, under the Mercantile Marine Act, with leaving two seamien on the Island of Ascens-ion during the homieward voyage from Calcuitta. It appeared that the captain and four of the men lauded 00 the island for stores. Two of them, Latham anid Mrk, went further thani the captain, with tihe obleot of getting some tobacco. He told them to be quick back, When they retuirned to the shore they found the ship under way, cudi they were left behin,g. The captain stati-d in defence that lie thorght the maen had deserted, The nmzgi w.r- .cunu victed him in the PQnalty of 6?, in each came,.
THE UESUMPTXON OF SPECIE PA Y&1EKTZS IN AMERICA. (From. tbe Weso YorAW HerasZ4.) Thli week, if Providece endows our b reke- and marcbauns with common prudence, Wi inarugrate the revival of American trade from the revulsion of 1857. Our city banks, the other State ba,,ks, the Boetosn and Newhaven banks, aud generally aUlthe banks which sspended specie payments, with the exception of the Peansylvania banks asd a few others, have now returned to their old synstem of ~Sing all their liabillties in specte, when required to do so. lhe 2e0,O0,0OO of specie which are in the country amply suffice for the basis of a sound currency; indeed, it may bo as well to repeat once more, as we are taking leave of the subject, that our bank suspension was a mere ephemeral accident, unwarranted by any radical unsoundness in the banks, uncalled for by ainy radical decline in our commerce, and simply caused by a momentary otribrast of panic occasioned by a breakdown in the railway system and stimulated by an unusually suddea and severe contraction on the pa'i of the banks. It is well also to place on record once more, for the guidanci of the future student of history, that during the whole G h days that the suspension has lasted specie has never beea nt 1 per cent. preriami nor our city notes at 1 per cent. discount. In the every-day traffi of life no inconveniencj whatever has been caused to the public by the suspension. So much for the past; now for the futare. We ate beginning business with an unusual plethora of specie in th3 banks; those of this city, for instance, holding twice the; asual quota. Under ordinary circumstances, as the cotton crop is coming forward, our city banks would count on holding from 18,000,000 to 20,000,000 from this date to May next; but, perhaps. the excessive demand for money in Europe may falify 'uhis calculation. Still, as trade is being generally curtailed, it is not likely that any want of speoie can possibly he felt in this city for months to come. Ten nillions of gold, in decently prosperous and quiet times, are I quite enough for our banks to hold. It, will require very powerful effort to reduce the average during the next six months below 15. The country as a whole is richer than it has ever been before. The cotton crop Is large, and prices, though declining, are highly remunerative. The crop of breadstuffs is niversally bountifuL Of our two great staples, breadstuffs and cotton, we hold more than we Derhaps ever did before at the corresponding date. A calculation published in Saturday's Hcrald went to show that there had been sent forward for shipment this year over 30,000,000 less cotton and breadstuffs than wore sent forward up to the same date last year; in other words, that the planters and farmers held 30,000,000 inore of their produce than they held in the middle of December, 1856. We should regard this calculation as extremely moderate. Tho amount of cotton and bresdstuffs held baok by the preducers is in all probabUity larger than this, constdering the great difficulties which the revulsion has thrown in the way of transmitting produc3. It would not be SurriSing if it was found that farmers ani planters held 50,000, 0oo more of their produce at this time than they did 12 months ago. By so much, then, is the country richer. In a day or two the last of the shipments of breadstuffs from the interior, which have been unusually bountiful during the past few days, will cease, leaving a nest egg for the farmer to send on in the spring. So of the cotton. The movements of the cotton-market in Europe and the disorganization of the exchanges have induced numbers of planters to hold back their crop, whioh wrill come on in the spring, and create a resource which the country has seldom had before. Nor has the goneral disruption of all business ef a speculative character been less conducive to the gener:il wealth. Within the past three or four months no man has embarked in a rssh enterprise; no money has been locked up in new schemes of any kind; aU undertahkings of a speculative character, iseludisg many unprofitable manufactures, mines, and other enterprises which our Ggreat consnmers of wealth in good times carried on, have been suspended, and the money that would have been appropriated to them has been saved. Business generally is in process of liquidation, Eere are most assuredly substantial reasons for anticipating a revival of solid prosperity. We may add to these that the bulk of the losses which have been occasioned by the revulsion will fail, not on us, but uipon the nianuf&a. turers of England and France and the casitalists of Europe. When our people fail it Is the foreigners who suffer ;-we keep the goods, they lose their money. It is not a very flattering reflection to one's national pride, but it is a fact, and deserves mention in a review of the commercial prospects. We begin buslness, then, with an unusual amount of gol1 in the banks, with an unusual accumulation of produce ia the country, with less entanglements in the way of speculative enterprises than we ever had before, and with fewer insolvent concerns and deeply indebted houses than we perhaps over had to carry along. It rests in a grea, measure, with the banks of this city to decide whether thesseeds of prosperity shall bring forth good fruit or no. Bigh; months ago we warned the city banks that they were nursing a day of wrath for themselves and for the publio by sending their rmeans to foster the insane and niserable gamblirg ia railway stocks which was prevalent in Wall-street. he fulfilment of the prophecy is not likely to be readily forgiven. But the error may bo repeated, and if it is the same result wiU unerringly foUow. However safe the operation of lending on railway stocks may appear, it is a practice pregnant with panies and ruin to circles far beyond its immediate range; if our city banks begin again to lend right and left on these speculative securities the panic of October wlU prove the first of a series. It is likewise in the power of the banks to effect nuch toy,ards solidifying the commerce of the country by discouraging long paper. Four months ought to be the longest date known for mercantile paper; three are ample in most cases. The fatal liberty conveyed to the borrower, under a system of six or eight nrontbs' paper, is enough of itself to account for periodical revulsions. A sound discretion will naturally be exercised by the banks in the selection of paper for discount; on this head it may simply be observed that, however gratifying the general commercial Iprospect may be, the private conditon of the old commeroial houses fs by no means reassuring, and will not be tiU March is paesed. We hnve ninety days of anxiety before us; and till they are passed young houses which have come into life since the crash of October will pr e the safest concerns in the conty
Too LONG OEDITS._-The eredit system, under prudent restrictions, is a.UaeccsEity of trade. Cash down is simply impossible, except in a very limited kind of business. But there is a vast difference between a proper credit system and an improper one, and this difference is not only exhibited in a very string manner in various kinds of busAness in New York in which short and long oredi'i are given, but in the business of this city as compared with that of Philadelphia. The Tournal of that city publishes an extract fromaletter from aNew Englard manufacturing concern to their agent in Philadelphia, which says:-" We think you were very much mistaken in yorr estimates of most of your concerns, and, on the whole, we think it very discreditable to the jobbing trade of your oity to make such a show as most of yorr suspended houses do. So far, we have not lost a; much in the whole Uniited States as In your city alone." The truth of this statement is not denied, and the cause of it Is attributed to the recklessness of the Philadelphia houses in selling on ruinously long credits, for the purpose of indncing customers from the West to purchase their goods there instead of coming to New York. The consequences of seuch Imprudence have been palpable enough; Philadelphia jobbers have sold an enormous quantity of merchandise, and they have made more disastrous failures than in any other of the great cities of the Bast; their bmnks were the first to suspend and they wil be the last to resume speeie payments. The Journda states that the jobbiug merchants have been in 'he habit of purchasing their goods at six and eight months, and selling them at nine and twelve. Such a system as this could not end otherwise than in disaster, and it is not at all strange that more bad debts should be contracted there than in any other part of the Union. There have been meetings In this city of the hardware dealers, the booksellers, and the wholesale druggists to regulate their system of credits, but nothing has been done by any other class of our jobbers in relation to this matter. The experiences of the past six months have taught important lessons to all classes of traders, importers; and manufacturers, which they wiU profit by, for a while at least, in their future transactions. The nominal termas of credit reouire no change; they have been established to conform to the exizencies of commercial transactions in this country, but it is their enforcement which is ueeded to save the community from the evils which have afflicted it the present year. With the opening of trade in 1858 there wiU be a new method of doing business Inaugurated, which will be better for the importer, Jobber, retailer, and consumer.-Ncew York Tinscs. APRCH.JOLOGICAL DisCoVExRms.-M. Leon Fallue a few days ago communicated to the Academy of Inscriptions and Belles-Lettres some curious discoveries which he had made at Epinay-aur-Seine, near St. Denis, of vestiges of a Gallo.Roman village and burial place on the estato called Manoir du Mont, the property of If. Cr6miev.x. While some workmen were digging a ditch M. Fallue observed trac^s of sarcophagi in plaster. He immediately bid the men clear away the earth carefully, and thus suceteded in extricating eight of them entire, each of which contained a skeleton. Continuing his researches, he diseovered 10 yardg below the mrface of the soil a gallery eight yards In length by two ia height and breadth. From this gallery doors led to two lateral passages, each ia the form of a Greekl ross. At another spot, n ear the principal street of Epinay, he found a crypt, comFesed of two galleries crossed by a third, the latter of which opens into a subterranean churoh, constructed of masonry of great antiquity. At a distance of two kIometres from this, near the Chiteau de Ia Briche, a large number of ancient graves were found. All thera crypts and relics appear to belong to the Aferovingiaa pernod. DxATE uxDEn Srs3prcrous CIRcumsm.wtxcEs.-On hIonday John Sagar, master of the lteighley workhouse, was apprehended under the fol'owing circuinstauces :-On Saturday week his wife died, and it was arranged that the funeral should take pices on the succeeding Wednesday. In the Interval circumstances arose which led to a post mo,1em examination of the body. An inq airy before the coroner was opened on the day appointed for the funeral, and, owing to the evidence adduced, il was determined to forward some of the contents of the stomach to Mfr. Morley, surgeon, of Leeds, for analysis. The inquest was then a1ommed to Saturday last, when a letter wras received fronm Or. Morley, but as its conterts could not be taken as evidence in his absence, a further adjournment of the inquiry took place to yesterday (Tuesday).-Led Mefcrcury. (Advertisement.]l.-very inch a Woman.-Tiao gre%t charactsr of Jo3ephine, tn Mr. Charles ReadeJ' new noveL, i stte Les1" is not an indidds,s, It Is a whole &ex, painted by a masser banet. White Lies" la Seomr with a noble moral, none the leei likelyto do goed thait liet an the be3at of tbe story, and ia not toul- ously paraded. Trainer and Co., Paternoster-rw. Their umiouunm. mneat aa to the peranenst price (one guinea) vt this, wolrk baring boea mirinndeyato the Iriu beg to explatn that to Ariderseli. the tf*da clustomer by chers edltionjeeoscan to tser zot caly .bortetint41, bat dlel'ual, and ttat tbey iaba co's thst c tialcon b:main5an5ai" this getoe work in one foram and priee. [Advertisement.)-. BentlW3s Mlssellany,O price-hale-acrowu.n-outentYor January. No. OOL{If. :-car Ar anpl Dlsertab tton-Fatut Heart Nev.rr Won Pair Lady. tcapters 1, 2 3 and 4 byi Dudley (bsietio -The Bheal Tribes of w dci-O eryaait Amaeaetafeel&i5-utOgpl-uyu-s,,, >#-^ Vix a the wits tie *oo ukle Harriers St lrlrIss*,n-rTe O*'.es3 vf th3 fulsat *.t?eCiO'SC-An Aturinma inb \Va5s.rs - A i-le~a 0r.ntiAt. -rIeuth IDW\e -oaMy Las; Siore or f~ove Ofl (t,ite of en 4schItietl-'y' ,th9i 9 je,3r ztisg basrd .BSneyS, Nesw BeUtj@~
SALES BY AUCTION. Saville-row.-Excellent modern Purniture, Obimney Gilases, Piano. fortea,an expensive Corkarnaroo Board, af ew lots of China and Glass aNd Miscellaneous items removed rnm pDtivate renidence. ESSRS. RUSHWORTHandJAVIS willSELL LYE by AUCTION, t the'r great Room, on Tuesday, Januay S, ex cellent modern 1FUTNITURE, ComptiDing, for the drawing roxc, window curtaosn, sofa, couch, ChBiia, and indulgent ditto, oeatre, card, and occional table, In walnut-tree, rosewooa, and mahogany, cabinets, Brussels and other carpets, rugs, lendets, and dreirons, chimney glasses in gilt frames; for the dining room and libray-mahogany chairs, extending dining tables, pedestal sideboarde, library tatnlea and chairs, bookoases ; for the bed chambers-Icren -h. four-pesi, and Arabian bedsteads In Iron and mabogany, capital bedding, chest3 of drawers. wash-ttands, ebeval and toilet giarzes, a few lots of table porcelain and glas, the usual requistes of the donetlo offices, and miscellaneous useful effects. To be vtewed the day preceding the s831, and catalogaues had a% the offices of Mess Russhworth and Jarvi, Saville-row. Rerent-street, and 19, Change- allye, CorobhiL r AaCdlsn-ruad, Reueington.-Eleant Furniture and the general Appeadages of a Gentlemana's Sealdenoe, inbeautiful conditiou. I' 6-octave Semi Cabinet Pianoforte, a funll.lred Biliard Table, a lirougham by Barker, a handsome and Powerfal Bay Gelding, 'iarneee, do. Ni £SSRS. RUSEWORTH and JARVIS are in- EU etruoted by the Owner to SELL bh AUCTION, on the P mines, Sortngsfold flouBe on WednesdaY. January 13, the very elegant nn"d fashionable FUIlRN tRE, including a drawing room s file in waInntwoo.i with rich blue and gold Eatin damask covering and curtains en suite, marsneterie tables and rabinets, gilt pier and o- caelonal tables, jardinieres and Ecreens, chimney and pier gises, girandolcs and brackets, mantel clocks, Instres and ortamente, gis chandeliers and lamnp3, diunig room and library appendages in hnoe Spanish mahogany, with suites of curtasns in worsted,damask,and ross, Turkey and Brusels, carnets, &o., bed charaber requlistco in mahogany and blscowood, including two bandsomemahogany winged wardrobe, a high cabinet be6dtead and marble-top washetands, the usua8 fit'ting of hall and domestic apsttments, cuitnary utendi servicea of chtna and glass, and bous.bold effects of every description; also an esceioent full-sized biliard table by Burrougbea and Wattb,anda single brooRhans built by Barber. a hand, ome bay gelding, 7 years old, double and sigle herner, ladies' ad gentleasen's radole,bridles, and horseclothinv. To be v8wed the day previous, and catalogues had on the premit-t and at the offlco8 of MewrsL Rushworth and Jarvis, Saile-row Ilsesut-stroot. ;D5 19. Change-adley, CornhinL Pictur"s MESSRS. CHRISTY and MANSON have been iYJ favoured with Instructions from the Executrix of the late Ir. . G. Franklin, Eeei. to SBELL, at their great Sale BoomL On Strday 24 Januaryns,xt. this RESIDUE of a choice COLLECTION o1 flePICTUJREc, by Etty, R.,A., Tcrmer, FLA., Wilson, and others together with several fine studims Tshe whole will be aold without ce serve. aed are well worthy the attention of the connoisseur. btneesooplo GAroups and Vlewr,Slseosecples,Stands, and Photoecaphie IqR.t J. C. STEVE S SELL by AUCTION athis Gre et, Covent-garden, Tol DA V, Des. 30. at I2peil,aer sprorollection of te above mnentioned AItTIl ,bigth tc f a wholesale dealer, Tusey will Coorprire everY variety oi subject, and inattuments by the first maker. TAhisraie wilt eecially meet the requirement of shippe and dealers who Pi lyingtn stock for the new year, and also for private buyocs May hviwdotedapror and morning of sale, and cataloaues had. Os. view To-morrow. - superiorly Manufacturedo Moder Gorntrs, 6i Cottage Peanoforie by Hickman, acme Brenzes,Drsn and I tvres Ohina Ornaments and MisgeUlaneous Itemxs R., ROBEBT REID wil SELL, at his Roome, M.Y ureat Marlbocounlh.ntieet, on Friday, January 1, at 12 for I prtclsely, THT EE elegant walnut DR&AWiNG BOOMI bUYRS in critnron and golt damask, tapestry and velvet curtains and centre ottoman t n sulte, expennive cabinets, centre, card, and work tables, tea-poy and prfolio stand inbuhlmarqueterle, tnllpwood. andwalnut, bnilliat plate chimuney-glasses, Including a pair 70 by 50 ; dining ooma curtain, in etripe reps and maone cloth with slk border handsome pedestal eideboards with pLts-glas backs set of teleoeframe deinig tables 14 feel by 5, bookcases, Dedestai writing tables, sets of chalrs with tntffed backs and oats, In morocci, easy chairs and solas en asule, d'nner wvaggons, an expecalve library suite in carved oak,; the comopleto tppointments of live prlncipal bed chambers in walnut and Spantih mahogany, comprisng four-poat, Tudor, Arabian and Partigaq bedsteads, with rich daask and chintr furniture an2 appropriate bedding, vfinted and gentlemen's wardrobes with plate glars doors, cheval and dreering glaseee, tollet nd wash stands witb marble top and Sfttingv, tables de nualt, aind usual items of the bed chamber. blayf hq viewed on ThurEday. and catalogues had. Superior blosern faurniure, equal to new, Cabiet Piano, do., re- muved from two prIvate resdences. 111ESSRS. and CLARK will SELL by .1.AUCTION, a t thi Boomas. utycoeui, Chancery-lane. en Friday January i. at 11 for 12 o'clock,hrandcsomemdr FULtNITULB, for the drav Ing and dining rooms, and ted chambesr, naslud. lDg a drawing room suite, mahogany extenlIng diniDg tables, pefestal kideboards, chaise and conches covered In morocco, excellent Brussels marlpet, line plae chimnney glasses, bedsteads, and clean bedditn, marbletop was-h-Etando, tebsrt- of arawers, &o., library tables, boon.- cases, iron repository, china and glmass domestic requilites, and numerou toiscellanies, which maybe vIewed thueday precedingthese, snd catalocues hbas at th^ Auolion Oft9os, 4S, Chanuery-lane. Eatry Nlae.-To Waroeueormen and Fxture Dealera. MIESSRS. NORMAND and SON will SELL b iyAUCTI(I-y. at their Rooms 5, Little. Britain. THIS DA.~ |Wc-mts, December 1at0on 10, 1hXTURES and FITTINGri, removendfromFsiday.street. comprising mahogany and walnaoot.top show tables and counters, mahogany cesks, deal platformns, fiseeroe sefer, d., and 20 lots of urxitture. May be vlerel the day previo's; when cataloenee msy b& had. Clean Furniture, removed from Clsptiam,n,aeGoiet-als, Geld Lae,l Apparel, blide Saddle, t3tock of G'ass, do. ^IJESSRS. HAMMOND and ELLOART will SELL . by AUCTION, at the Rooms, 28. Chanoerd stue, To-morrw lrecembhr 31,s li 1 for 1, the entire and oomplete FURNITUBE of theoriul descrip(tion, senioved from a villtae B above: also the einects f a Mitonry officer. camp furniture, Ist Lete Geuars' uniform, horse trappings quantity of clothes, and mbrceliSaeaus effects, 1a0 doren 'wine and ale ceases.o. On view onWednesday. Sale aThCs d-t:o or elegantlyeCt Table Oh"e owi b out reservel, rianoifo to, Household Foroiture. and other Effects jESiS.K. KI ad and NEP W Will SELL by v i AUCTION, at their great Boors, 410, Oxford street, THIS DAY (Wednesday. Dec 101. at I precIaely, wIthaut reseeve, the remaining portion of a DEA.LBR's SIOCK of beautifully cut TABLE GLASS , consbIt-nc of pint and qSuart decnters, claret jugs, trifle disaes, wine cooer, fngr risee, oak, champapne, and o%her wine plsases, water bugs aned, tbarge,allof the very bt manufacture, and elegant in shape and I esigo in loin to buit large or small beyer. Also a quso. ldir e, pianoforte, a few pictures, prints, od misellneos efors.Catalogiies now ready. Salvage from ie-oGoes Onocoin;te lTasuufanturers, -Coa,es Roasters, DaesiIrnndMachinery, Hiss-wo6d Colseri, asd others. rESSRS. C. and H. WHITE will SELL by AUC- I TO t on the Premlyes, the Patent Coffee and Chocolate Stasm bens, aiter irster, trad. utreet, Blanoppc1ate. THIS DAcY. Deramber o0it 2for1 lock preoltelv, the SALVAGE from the late fire. May e view d.t pitogues toah bad on the uctl mines , cad bofesa-. loneers, Aueo BPrinces-road, Lambueth, S. reites, end of theUI Baltic Coffeehouse, Royl EX cange. lj ER RYHAlN E and SOf wil SELL by AUC- &LJTION,Yn the above PrewlseesTo-e,or,wDeo. 31.at iiforl23pracisely, without re!erve, the remaining HOUa ,E{LD URNITUIEI, utentil, andarties of trdr,ecoraprIslsg two splendid pier glasses (plate Ohm,by 3 I. eoc) otersof maler ime sIos,well-manufactneed elesoedin n tabichles nearly enGlew,tosenx ts ofSpnsh mahogany wellmanfacture d chairs,largquanto Ohel hais. strong mahoganyframlew d coffeeroo tables, mahogany sideboards, beds, bedsted%.sand beding wie tuck tadeutesil, ad silay rticles: a few doero of hocewins,InPot, heris.Madir, o.On view. Catalogues had n th p.elres undat to autioner'sOffices, SS, Moorgats- Cty Auction Ronr, 39 traceehurch-streat..Ex-j~n oshl M r Furnitto Panls, GarenReuse, ko. M . JOHNS N il offer for abeoueSL,a ino theIlarg Boom on the firsn le,T-orw De. i1iM1, an AS8E BAGE of geniuine recodha OS HOLD FURNITUItE comprising superior AainadTec diigndo sonld tabes nobledhmey anperb glass oe Gruiie drnmnt or h adn ice requisites,Pandnueru on view the day provious and IngrnjagaE ~~alge e at dire ooms, PadMsldal gale (established 15468). apiatd to take pluse the fri1t Thursday in e taosith. of Atoatn and Gentingent Loveglons to Feanded and oths Property, LdtInereffs, Anan=Ws AolSC6e of Awmmane, Advowsona. Next Prmtffo,,anra" Bent Chumge In Kein of Tithes, POut Cit oa.es, tuese, Improved Useti, Sharm in 1)oekx, Canals WInes, ItAlwaw, Innrs,noe Companies and oths, leuble %matkInag ferth.veesset M UB. MARSH. Io to alcnotua that his PZBIODI- CAL MALES eatsIlhed In 1I31 orthe dispogal of evr Va,.de aeriptian of the above-mentioned PR PRRY, bake place on the nrat ThLursday In each month throughout the ensfutng year, - uider:- Janurary, 7 M ay 6 8 Bptembec 2 im h ~~July 1 Novemaber 4 AprU I ~August 8 Decenber 2 M,r. M- aas benIduced to hold thesemes from the locroseng demand for the trausfer of PrOperty Of this dOscrDtiton the value ci which as a meaus of Inveetmsent is daily beomming better apprecIated, adfrom haexperience of the heavy drawbacks and great diffioulty to which It ha,bw exDered In the ordinary course of sae, and the experience of the last 18 yeams has proved the above plan to be oecu&y advantageous to vendora and purcaersee the cLagglllatlon of nuimeroas losrendering the means of publicity more effectual and loes expeanive to the 'sendor. and sImpllfyIng the tnoasfsg to the purchaser. Mottces of sales lateuded to ho effecled by the above meuns should be far' warded to Wr. Marsh at loat is fortmight antecedent to the above dater, In order that they may have the full benefit !pbit.Th piotclonar and condItIons of sale for the enguing yea~r rayb otie seven days prior to each day of sale, at the Mart, and at Mry. Marsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-heuse ; or will be forwarded fre on applletion. Peridicl Sle estblse i183ofesin,Policies, Amnnuities Shars, Bnds &c.brThunrsda Jaur ,aPolicy, of Aeumsuae for he orn f £,06, In the Bagl LieAsuac ompany, on the lifeof genlemn,onw In hIs 37t er R.M RHhva receie Intciosoinud ,LLLin is extMonhlyPetiodical Sale of Revesos oiis c aippointed to tare lac at tbo Mart, on Thursday aur ,a 2 POLICY of ASSURXANCE for the sum of £M0O fetd nte2t of October, 1800, with thse Eagle Life Assuranc omnyontelf of a gentlemnan, now In his 37th year. PaytIculasmybotandt the Mart; and aht My. M,arsh'a otfices, 2, Chsrloter. nsoto,. Periodical Sae (establishedI 83 fRvrin,Plce,Aniis Shares, Bonds, kc., forThrdyJaur7.heAsltPerslon to the sain of A1l3O. 3,seln,rrlai ntedoaeo a lady, new In her 78thyer MR.. MARS~Hbas received inlstraeltionBI to Include I J ext Monthly Periodica Sae of Reversions, Policies. Ic. apoitedtotals lac a th Mrt,onThursday January 7 at andreeabeoth deces ofalaynewi hr thyeslie. o Pati cuasmyb banda theiedMrt ofnseructarison, toincitor- -- etMnhYPeriodle Sl etbihd inc1853) of Reversions. P ole, Annutie.. Shren.t tRen, ulce atfe thursaay, onTJa dyJnuar y 7.- oiyo assur,anc fotAr £,03 i1,n the Eage LAife LieAsuranoe Company, on the life ofa sLgentleman, now In his 62d year. Priuasmyb bnda h 1i rB.n a MArSH Maas' rfceived, IbastterwctionstoIncboude. LVI~~~~~ in his next Mo nthly Periodical BSa le oOfvrin, ollac appoInted, too ute tostaelale at the Mart, nTusa6aur ,a on, POLICY of ASSrANCtfo thed Sin obesffur,ts eofece on the. 9 1eth April, er1ent.Anth thEale if ssua: Company,onrthvabe If te o a gentlmn now b urting hisd yiaear.o Pardticlrs mayd hooIneda the 1 7a L.ot; an sDtateMr. Marsn hsofes 1,t Chalottbe-row,eMandE204Ion.9us. i PaterdiodcagSl wiesotablIsed PrInc153)mof beersobtns,Pces,a tnhie Mr , Shaef T bond, Laig cs., forl Thursd16,Januarge7-Byrt aaorderof te Assigeet fan at Br ankrupt Three2 ChrontingntwReMersionar noeres, intheeg sumsd £2,044au Thetr. S,ec,NwTreprCn.Anli R. MLARSH has receivedl instructions from tcud Asine t nld in his next Monthly Periodical Sale ofRersosPlies , Ivelo,Poii,&e,appointe to lake place at the Mart, onTu?&,Jn7 a12 lote ITaRtE HRESToth bankut aged COLEG. IntDeumsn ofd £1,04 Sc.18 In teah NbewTreeRya DreryCnt AnnuiPatiesular4 s. r3. receivabled In the eMent; of his J.urrivin hissite, nowto a1sinte, hand-inte; andst yer. ofrsher oage; £2,4 .. Ch inothe-rw evelntbouf hssrigante itr nowaresise, Band~ inther 7Thuyear% ofhrage: and £,014 atl. I totheevent of his55 srIvin. hIs. brother, roweinabehois the year.an ofhe Myte dyngw wIthout5 Seesartiuasmyb.banda h at of.TeMAg t Li h aeq,s rlcic ved, 0 GIngestrect,ions toincloude ihinetMnhyPeriodiclBae(ctblae n a83 oil f Reversions, Policies, Anuiie, happined Bondas, plce, ft thredKary, ohry January 7.-Sae nKn' Col-2 leatge an Icr-aner u) Thatre, nth R1sOfhRl e.g3al tnteeiB. MnaRS a reevbeothdeceived ofnatlucyiownl toencldyea tebeleoalrsyLn.Particulars may ho obtained at the Wr,o esLFwtn FMartof sb, ad urrand. solaqor,, oi 116, Chw anceryland e;t andat Mr. Marsh'sr offices,aCharoBe, ,Oalotte-row, Mancion-houre. Periodical Sale (established i 1843) of Remrslo'ss, t'oliclea, Aunnmtle?, Shares, Bonds, kc.,-for Thursday, Jan,ar 7.-The Absolute Rteversio sinto the suuor£85 ofg id,CO Consols, receivable on the decease of a gtladmnwan her i3n biear.yar R1. MARSH has received instructions to include i bL.inai next Monthly Proia Sale of RvrionsvePosicus t, aPolicis, apoitaed mtotake paceoaTthred M ,art nThursay.2 JbAnuar 7.Ut11 th BOUEREVERSION to the sum of £1,858ns)s(pr ofe ad Carersncas patoalrersm,standing in the nameso h 00utn-Gnrlofthighly ureetaboe trustiees, and receivable on the deesaseofa lay gnewlemher now year.o Particlars ay hoobtaied at the Mart ; f oesrf Medwrs, PeridIcl Sae (stabishd 183) f Reessons. Policies, Annultlea. Shars, ond, S,, or Tursay,Janary7.-TheuAbolue Rever-t gentleman new in his 10adytnwhIn year.t RL . MARSH has received instructions to include i Inhis next Moothly Proia Sale of Reversions, PlcEs, o, lapponte, so tte paceat te Mrt, n Toredy, an.7yal, the ry7,at OLUTE REVERSION to the gem ~~~of £205Cosl(ato a larer sum). tad Chancery, ~~~~~~~and reoetvable on the dcaeo etee,nwi i rebaer;andat r. bacbs offces,ve Carlotmterow,nsfomnthoue, PerludcalSle letbised 13 ofRvrs mr oBLions, Puolicis, annuties Shars, Rndo,Ac.,fo Tursday, JanTursary,7.-Vauabl 7bs.ua 1to Revrson o he umof 4,23 s.Gd.Ne Tree t perCent.aiMtedce Bank nnuiies, eceiabeoth decaselofn landy pn,oo nhtr78n year. ~ ~ ~ h ajlin oee.wt yr u R. MARSH has reeived instructions to incLLd LV n hs nxt onthy Prioica Saeitof Rheversins, Pofnlcies. ou aPI te tOEdy tane plc7 tteMr,o.Tusa,Jnay7 at 12, tnoelo.aWh eeLAEODPO valuabl ABrprsOLng a VERstOn tial th Srck~ uil wefl£i,g-hous., Sbep ThdreeprnCent, ReduaptMcdoanl Annbtes (part of a ta'ger sum) sitande deceoasgren,ofualady now1 in hric-78thotae n h rear. Patclr a ooTaheda toe Martduof aere.tlo Eare.O Ferankiuh. and thailandg islolto, at I, pew Pnum eld ueyaod leasefor an ateMr. Mf75yarsh' fomfi,2 Chritar, at1~r as' fi-,2 Nalotte-row, Mansion-house. ~JR. MARSH has received instructions from thEL by,Eeutr A OfTheY latte Mr.Sart.opst to e BL yaUCkIoN, Egatdthn Auto at oteciyo odn r hursday, January 7. at 12o'lc,uonlt.og ES. i cueLot aPROPERTY.D PRompErTsi, strmadeat bickrbail,i thel paisgh of ts,ao. Laurenc, Randgae on Sthe reed o-road (terai-eS,an wihnam f"rewmin3utes'wl ofthe roailwa statoIon and piers,ofcorcdeting renadleadnuing tothesnaopere andnthe sea;let uon lease io exmofnn in 105) t from Jogh ofimmcbons, at a£groper annum: the estimnnate vn fs£3s eranm ay ho viewed, and particulars, with conditions o ae baudo atheRarmiergate;toe Mess anrt;of esss ak and Shap slcios.2, Tolhn.o h0n Toe.hosadrd; and at Mr.r MarshsWoffice,e,%Charlotte-rw, Man.in sinhouse. 1~R. MAR6fH hais received instructionsfroraSELL TiUlL y UTI at tIcs Mart. nTusa, Joappoys t 1 the BakfEngland, on theay SUM . at 12, T inre oner Ceot.a detosi prtblefLaSEuhOlDre Psum P16ndRnx ; tme strui uoftheAcuntl n-eeal brc--u wIng-houser, Shop, and Premiers ofithe caital of alyshedieth awlvantageouslysid nthae oen cearron's-treet, Fuuam;o and unarbriedl Cottagew In the 87hrear. Tfher ape nend premhees acefin the occupation pofthe vendr butz ineestimate to p-rodcena rn.a of £40 abouteersiannum; and The cte isr letf at £1ls puteepannum otheldauov easentforoda t?ermf7 reum ofrtatsomckThremr 113,ast-mangrouned renteofi£1 per annum,l Mayo ho viesed, an tedeparIcu lars,ayith condtioso al,tined o h rmss at the Mart ; ofWm eeL t. fi l a R.P.loot,adRoeq.,solcitom.CuOla Roue.rOcakley-qae,Crsa ; and a r ash atffir. M Cars'ofis,2(ealotte-row , Macslon-bonse, soredramortksey-ot PrLeartyosiProperaty 5crabslud Saewtn. 'R. MARtSH has received instructions trom SeL Alsi1e fLo,,l erah oBLL by AUCTION, at theMr,opstthBnkfEgld,on MThusa, JannThdry7. 3at y .E12 ococ,inbe lEESONt, ong ESEE'E tu-ouszes, Nos , Z 20 5,ie and 6al, ISt. ameimsoroatand rotherwIs 5 concer's-treeLot i BluedAnchor-road, Berondre, tnbeorpreoent cikeg rentloso ahmehein to S8 perah ,sandnumghl upn lhenaneg foa truermof 7 the ho igeatwed, n arlticulars. withe u rondtissof salue,dobythsainedo tuthe oies: ot mrhggeofMart;op essrs.aHsecSt aie-nd 8ap Ne-olnicItors 2 okunhyousMdde-eard;Tan tantfMr.as' oiffeIs,a Charlote-ow,i h M3an BLeopold bro pag,adth, a Bernhonpfa-shenteversionotoother ume08hSM cease of a lady now inow her s87thth ear. R1 . MARSH has reei fvedoutredcwthionfrmethon IVJ.AsornetelargaofeetopodBELpaL, byAnkupTIO, toEL bye MartoTIOr.datysh Jat.onnridy,Jnary 7, -t1.L - os at 12, " imothetREVERSO theOMtte POfERTh , WiuteoMr Judithe m 'aost preferablepar ontheade- teDv I sProertv ftyrrttomt iRatsoontiguirity to theIaSo Of Wight -au SGutt-p ton, is wrell worthy the attention of any gentlemani requiring a mansEe reldercefortheaprpose of yachtieg. My be viewed, and wtscnart. lees. with conditions of rale, may beoObtained onthe premisea:th Erincipal Inns in Southampston, Portsmouth, the Isle of Wight, Wae ism, and Poolls; at the Mart ; and of Merars. Plercy and Hawek es,so licItors, 15, Thees Crown-cquare, Southwark; and at Mr. Mar offire. " Charlotte.row, Manslon.honser Greenwlcb,-22 'Valuable Freehold Houres, Wharf, Boat-builder's Yards and Premnises mogt ettebly situate. wIthin a minuteo's walk of Church-street, and the Hospiltalpier, prodAcing rental a&mountIng to 372128la, per annum. lIR. MARSH has boon favoured with instructions w h from the Mortgagee, with the consent of the Morigagers, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, opposite the Sank of Enebend, 0n Thursday Rebruary a at 12, in nine lets, valuable and Important PMEREi6D WATERSIDE and otherPROPERTY, oiferingc to Capttaltist secue and profitable investment3, Loll Ifos-prise the eapital Ooalwhatf, duostinguiehod as Sun-wharf, Wood-wharf. Church-street, Greenwichc,withmrastmaker's loft,offices,nd prenalase,t the occupation of Mr. I. R. Huntley, as bighly respectable tenant, at the low rental of £00 per annum, Mt1 2. The adjol.Ing Houre withL boat-builders' yard, workslhop, offices, and premiles int theo cCUPation of Air. Hunter, who holds under a repairing lease. for a terma of 6 OteSg, at the mnoderate rental of £40 per annumi, ooneensly is equal to a gound seat. Both the e abova proprtles command Important frontages to the river Thames. Lot 3. The two adjeining Houses, 19 and 20 on the north side of Woid-wbarr,abutting on the river whamno, in th6 oocapatboa of Messr. Hunter and Aeton. at rentals amountlor to £20 I8s. perannum. Lot 4. The adjoining Houses, o. 10,I 17, audiO, with grocer's hop and boat-builder'syard inthe rear, inthe ocu"tio of teesr.Thomie, Thomas, and Showelti,arntalsamlontiungtojit1a annum, Lot 5. Comprises a capital House, wish extensive boaltbullder's yard, shop, offioes, andt prsnlsee*, situate in the Hloreeferryroad, ren wicb letonearepakirin leae at the low rental of £20 pe annum, in1na ecns?eration of £316 being expeded In buildlings and Iscrovemente. Lo1 6. Four Dwolilng-houies, NoL 12 to 18 inclesive, on the soth of Wood-wharf, partly in the ocuation Of a, reqmetable " tenants, at rentalsamaounting to ser er annum, Let? The three adJohiningHouses. Noe. 9, 10,and 11, pertly In the occpation of a e. smtable close of tenants, at rental samounting to £29 per annum. Lt LThe four adoinn Houses, NO o8iculy%prri h occupation of a.resetable clas of tenants, at rentalsamountIng to £52 per annum Lt 9. The four adjoining Houses, Ne., I to 4, capbleof rodcin retal amuntar o £2 per annum, Ma.y be Iewd,andpariclar, wthconitinsof sale, obtaned on the arios prmiss; a thepricipa Inn atGrenwich IDetor sud;of Mters Paynd Lxisy sOloitodO,ChsapLAds of PI. A. -offies,Qsrtelq-gw, Mittln-hgse, aodatMr. Marsh's lie Leopold TedpAlh, a B krnpt-Tho Abeolate Beeovel too so 05 1Sxth Part 3e Shin of £L6OO0 Thee ge OsaLOo,uaek. MR MA}EH haa reoeived inatrictions frm ths Ai. Adbenees of Loopold Eedpotb, a bankr toIBLT,by AUC Til,at the Ma.rt epr.oste the Dank of En =on Thursdar, Jae. 21at23 theAmBOLfli!E RCVERSION to allNfiMIXTEE ?ARF at H55ARE of ZI.OO Three Bae CentL 0OaoO. pttadlag lin the r,ras or higbly resec,etable trustees, and to which the aturhase will beeaUtltew on the deoesee of a lady lathe 6fth year ot her ag.o ParilaL witb 00Ondtions Of sele, mapr be obtained at the, Mart * Of WVItL isecFanoll. E.q., Offiil asigno, 3, GUdhU-oamsMbeM, alaot: Mearg. lawrane. Flewa, and Boyer, solliitorj, Old Jewry*wbeon And at My. March's ottloeg, Chlo-row. Manlonhouse, PErnilure, Boobs, and ifffects, rt Xo. 1, 3&adeetr VUia, V lteacar,4 K.enzitegs3u. IE3SRS. FOSTER wi SELL by AUOTIoN, at *the Rodence, To-mosrow, the la3t laust, at I o'loapck P0cle y, the 2lt~ TUEE Inandlo roeweodrawig-room cbarins and sots, oTal eao table, chrimny-glao two plabe-gies cheffotars, earpeb. fre. ha'! chair sd tadble, hat-stand, >uedD reqe5rtes w<alnt-woo oem and glases, to.; alsoa saslDtllitbrar of fboo,.O diewttVdy n and rooming of sale. Oataiogaes at the hoase ; and an Mews Posien,g PatltmalL,-3xtenalve Block or a Manfacturng Jewreler, tbeeoet0 bY order of the Executors. d-4 MESSRS. FOSTER. wl BELL by AUCTION, at theGalery.ial-mall,UoanWelneeday, Ja.6,and tiowlazday, at I pmrloisly,the valuablelltOOK of the lata Aft J. Abrabams., mans.u facturing jeweller, doeased, omprioingauasretmen of diasond aud oteryJewel-moante braoelet, shictand saeevesnuda,braoc 60 .t.uD50 scarf plus, fdeter rIngse, guasrd, Albert, sod bs'egoet chshlns neckietise attach(. m hatch oxeg. and chams, reals, kes ktoa AUOf a faeleoable, mnde mcharActer, and4to the bet make,of fine godld; also looestones, a dxinasplhtre I5 Jstatg, and about 180 statsof diamonds, rubles, em eralds, sappbces, o, some Desrte ooral, :to. 1,200 Om of plne. inoluding some pleoes of old English (pestodd of Q oeg AneotJiearse-. tured aed chased Rold nuff boxes, antique jewetlery, Indian saddle, with told trapplog. (Exchibtion 185i), and many other lnteetlov. efet,collected by theLate M~. A.hrahams, Toe viewedconEcondav and e"sAr. the 4th and 51..-54 Pall-eall, ttw . MESSRS. FOTROIgLO will SEbLL by AUCqTIOIia COLLCTIO ofOLD RICIDEN Berin,and VIenaCIN), crbll, deenr,rmoles rn&Sne, pa-osysatte c lartg§e ri. t, wall lighto. ad ote enc ohaitrces; al:3on specmen Ge d1, MC ESSRS. TROL E will SELI by AUOTION AtnneI Ceasoe prvonj depr rzee hesed fb rvt ontat,at s-;the a. In January, 185. aLAEODDEL~G iut o 3 Anzol-terr&e Parade nw.n S c n thr be d a-. Sthree itigro,twktbe. c,hlfaalogtro earsa taanat the N moeat tent Pra!£4 er aNnu. 14S.PartIculars en cnd. ti. as at euetobehdoW.3.Tolp,E.,slctr2,Pri.- Me-ot-troen; at lbt at n tteaclaes,Birv uto and agency o aniw-e_re, and arltamenstet. West. rtotetr, S.W. To Buriall. )&pibor Occnpatlc, an P'imlico d MESSRS. TROLLOPE will SEL-l by AUCTIOIN (unless preoiously disDned of by Private Contract), at the Mart, in January, 1tOS,SaLE&SE OLD RESIIjEROB (a! which poeseeeo0, May be had), aiuote No. 16, Wlodeor-terra. Vnuhall-bratidr.a,- - close to the new thoroaghfare leading from flmllco to Wedtineater, and containing lix bed rooms, two drawing reoms. dining an. mornin rocnria, two kitchens' ac. held fur an unexpired term of 6t 7eam, anr thO Inn ground retalt t0 per annuma. sad of the stimsted vralie or £50 PM annuc,. Partlaslrs and oDnditlons of sale to be had of Er. Grainger, q solicitor, 27, Bucklersbary; at the Mlart; and o1 theannjner, orrve auction and arency ofioes. Eaton.square, and 15, Pahretaenreet, Weftmtinster, L.W. Ver cPerlor Friue MhJR. ABRAHAMS 'sill nc ue in the SALE at 9V d, Old Boud-street TELIS DAY, theo 30th Instant, a weil-mibd& DR&WIN?G-P.OuldBUIrEtinfine walnut woodiandPardiiadAnaak~, IncldIn 24chaIs, wo oncrs, nd wo atychelyc., lao, fancy, and Occsioal abie,car tales eegat cmmoe.and bookcase, dianier '~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ i.~~~~~~~~~t o ar tn anh m ai ig . e1 Igt-fee. *ideboard, a wino o so ler y i w air twh VeenlWrtn tabls aip-ngachne twhlreTrk,cres twAt Of d ndA S will SELe by AUCTION, at toe hadt te rOoma r t ond-atrthe Offi oftheYauctoeer 3ai aluablechans L 0U, otradC Grand Piao by raPrtoouth kabilsoo Pouesanob Collard 8 plendIdYO Chimney adrFu-gt Gls0s handsm thon canious aitndgls of at alsno, tgther wih he Efet of the pr ivatrede-o wingted wardobes 2ltb Oldt glcndoosire,TlD, dangro ndecebe and0a Stu0,3l aotmne-ofearndHitre of mahoganyl iim a cofeero vtebed , t cronesdsd soas, an mornting of Kerloand drugnge 20a thadoe Irma. ranter andth auctoeaer. tfoe.; aloth Twffectnfhham iae edne usa TeIONTment offriueo ml Oima Ma e iwe.h oreedg dayr frod mornn fsle n aa:ge a.a0 h o vandiaoth auctIanes, ofie tTwcehm Iu o Toei Dton e aes,Gaer aind hpes wines, botwled SELL of ACTIO,rg pickloo. bl"k leacity. anWednesa, Isos C h % tlofuwe .Bl,4,Ml-cen, ivterpo,cmpsngalre fuarnityr of apta gode. n oo btm m Anuaelt effeara ncvewS. stalo Guoir Chedest omomsera, itr-ra and otbers.-P~~roand Ff Isle. 1IJUESSS. REE an SOn Nwil SELL by AC TIN t theirComerialsaes Roam 14 St FAultrringen-Brel,~ onedoo frm HlbrnrTHSwA, Dec. 3 0at1, at t foer 12prcMsly varius E'FEO~, frfeted andob unclairedon-budl tea cks and1 meino wins, otted rui,,andowroot,l bartrels of Geddgega arholet,p 'soddealoooare,hansom jaannd teas canistes o drawers, cfsopper-d bawl sales, achin s. wihs chowmtubegdug m rwolcherfeier wymth furnItre, 11rarltadn om cakwirs,owashcting achine,saDd Iothberusefl efeca, n vew. t lgnsy chadrg at the rootms, tand as theaboc teeer' ofics, t. teh of -huexSt.nding dining tales, C ard and wor Canonburyp-MeoeorForit) rosePianoforte, anD Effectot a e ltd aS. BAKeR prnt,SO w-tll SLI b yad tu n Tbeay rcdog-adsormunDe 11 sate 12wheu ctomoesarn hehwl I,on the prmsreadof amiss D.eS.1 Bst.r n Suon,s-rr7c Upll's- TUBE, anbeor .WeFvi2ron by,ed -rosd.Wtsro-n dam Skurnitre hBROandwoo mandtrS oc,eding, amirbst tp wasublds,crDMeaigtabETIN nat rse Achetsion drawrt, Bratacli thand ofecr )arpdr, honThlbroes.y JaiL 14eyt-glsune,r rouewoo.hffal rw-t. pate-glassfpin els.mteo,thI emvaswlndos-ourtau rewand teODtabLeL cwihairws, ol cals ofge teas chIVaSirs, TAsetof cofeetable', itmahoan cairs,lbook g hemv3s,( fosetr of te w-rdig dinng simard and wrt ditablottes,f1ortaa-W enge terandaGerto INorthewoodRabUwW tiiti ole o boenoks rs platiedrsiter Hsomel ad tprins,lcargellexbo ardstittfoa an glae,lculn lare at amers' te,n arietyMof Otherewedms, To be vrewhad onthe pr[omie; adof Messra. . Sya. Tesale. and San, 10. Uper Rtco. HlAgWn AboneSl of a 1Free Polehno IneVuT,anemi a Houaay,atel , nedieNrbWeenRiwy e-ed anrSR.BOtLYadSN wl Oumitt tYphelOCDirectors a h ucinMr,opoieteBs aof Enlatnd, toon Tued, Jan. 14, at1.udrcroreao. earwi (with oeesoen te WAXR NID E RST AVof eecby iut arond big2 n 0 Ie tetes,Nwra, within auberyfohor dxeivetaucoheds NorbWeN semadGatorenRilySains ether Lindonl Univere Hospital, n te ag tbi ntttos Heldeonbleoses atalmodw erlateured nt aybe iwd anlr a ntheE premtirPoes; fMssr. Sll te. Troertdy e anofdiad soiitorste13t Fenohoreb-sroe, ; place wofsalte: n oftepcteo vheof trnitue. torcoloutri, an c-feeto&Irantaheo B.G. Llsonm-goe, Mary slebior.1, onArdaym Jnay1,sl el Lothe salndeBn.sctlplineeo, 21FudgiIrRorwbe an itigom hlthe ar'iegutand vzario oteafet.O iwta-moecca1 (otuady,ft&e r, Panrudm nnn ofsl,adct'ge a To olurlse,nutrsere ndcscpidwlstWnut cswoni,& Surreet r omute, andm SO nd ohae receivd Intuplt Cion&e fron LPto D Fritretors oaf te leania Powg,er Lgtan~dfComlDurConsbpres LLM BElosLLby AUCTION, ait the AutooiN onar. 69Tuen-morrow twoe. doot 12,flomNew lnot,te EstE andcityOon zDWIl,i) ofathoe1e2 Pertunalve WanATERSIE PRLEMSof sproccupinge FRlaUrgeploto ground,Dwith hueslfurnth drwn-omanuiatue o dcoousind elhymicats,y extedblnsivshDs, stres,labd oratory, enginehouse,and wablnu,to ethcaer wIthad allitetvaluablepat,mchimnery,go fixaue,an outpiensils,t tWO Wrse an wagOlledsic haveI been ericced and PurIchas0 D-ed ataeons sIiderbeogetoomandlswillbe fritcuded Intelurchaste,theof cate ndsfr th lnnectDrredInmowr Ligh, nall te proertyofdithegabove 'c carrnyd baksituaeboatrdgmre-itened,t W andewoi, the ur.e,hansetomtae tnihe maholenofAtheianock- o colour andcbymrwalska vajig leanliCOS. eThe lre mirbes ay be viewhoedsr asprler top aasale. Printedlsrtcupstse hadTat S.oU. Hoofidge,audeq,soalitor.u11bado m-treehlpt Basteiphil-tre; ad oohand Boot , auctioneers, 2 1, lmnd'ge-rw,city The .rlddeof thmoern Frniure inewluding Patbrillandt-atond Afl-caes. Cottage Piaoforte, in atrheb ssv alutler,y agiicn walutBokRSe. te with glAre doORR, t. a lgadSNt Drawing- stamruite,dCio nSEyand otherO Glatstee Crpetsom,CinagSetrose, CeOftiogFrdnI Tur,1ro SAYe,antEfects, remonsdafro atILTeREronsie SquaeCyKOde ef thWE SheriYfs, tgehn wi Ith : OthrPOpeisngrty. ndB LeWeva wtbea , itol nd andnoeckob he,o am ontxucaed t rearlBroceLL fby AUCTION, act eSlet ofdoms,go.ld, Quit eenstreet, wtwho dookssfomndew varityon-otlreon iy ond Flalder, oan.On,vatw. PSoutuhly Ht-VlanbleeeIlAEofldsupnerirmde Bata IntOB ItumIn,t a hrlcdtntanelegan t drawng-ow omsuiteo, coveredminrvelvet,ribig.d tnwfo wini.toned pand os, broof parite n antns.ts tm dngcoom and llra uritue Inluin rote of A CT1h,at,an thek nesidbard rosiotere witinD Abl,ion sride,hadsm J anni , OCob ma hogaenng.Arinlanrhudots everandmoet aluasbigs leanieldseofeathefietAdA-ble and singeAhOle LAr D,to Jabtnuds, paruehoAlestcare,ts.oeat, threidue of thre SotonBrckbufJeelry, Platd aignd sate amd Aticls Clocks. Watchs, Cutlery, A. MESSRS. )EBENHAM STORR5andSNar n Uk motd o SCLLbyAUCION a ithM O o s igtrm A very large Aeemblages Of caPital Second hand Furniturein axed.. lenit cnditlnt.-Graod, Cabinet, semiC.ottage and Piccolo P ianofortes by t the best Makese, hibmney Glassee, j3qtii and nu merous usoful sod dreorative Items. I,eng n MESSRS. OXENRSA I will SELL by AUCTION, ivL at their Roomus, S3. Orford-atreet,, eaar the Pantheon, on Friday next, sill for 12 Punctually a very large ASSEMSBrLLGE oTr CaPiteal second-h%nd FURNITUR', Incudineg Arabian, four-poet, sod eowndary bedsteAds and hanging, with bedding Complete Vigo and plain wardrobes, drawers washtn. rssn ete toileigasosel, A., wainut tree and resewood drawing-room, chirs, onches and coe chairs, loo, card, and fancy tables, chirney and pier glses, grand, cabinet, semi-cottage, and picDoIo pianofortes, by the bo*tmakers sulteei of enrtains, mahogany, &Dinn-room,. audlh.ry chairs, sofas ancdmy chairsl sets of dinin and lbray tables, book. cases, car"e of err descrDtion, gaeliers, chine, glass decorativeitems, the domestic requisites, and numerous effects, May be viewea: on Thurs day and momra orIno sal e, a n d catalogues had. Monhl Sale orfI P ICte and Drawings, by modern article,1 tho e' onltinaltty of which is guaranteed to the purchasers 1~R GEO. ROBSSSON next SALE WMll tak-S ptli. a.ce at bla Rtree2 Old odZreon Thuroday-mTsn. 7o W&and followiug day, at i precisel each day, and Will Include spocmene by the under maentAoned~ ardtis;- Anderson Frowd Liston Shoe Andrewa Rae-Ye. Meadows Taylr Armoield Morlta Idlerle Van foveaBroemley Jone. Montague Vickmy W. Browrulovw W. H. Knight Morris Webb Callow Iing Nleumann Weir Dell Ladell Ormnidy Williams De Fleury Leslie Rolfe Willi1amson, c TMay be viewed two daos prior, and catalogues had. ThsEeig at 6 o'clock to the tninute.- largo anid wI-ce *Aasortment of ?slsoiwaneons Property, being the Stock of MLr. J. G-. COox of l?olborn-hill, who in retIring from busincess, ESS.JONES and BONqHAM WMl SELL by M AZOION.at teir wo lwu Rom%PInefi-stectand Let. ceger-tret,TH EV IN, the imP0tanSTOCKin TRADRot Mry. J. G. Cox ; eomrislug Dreen, Sonrcc, Oxlental, and etherchto carved chair ad earigo cbiKt, rore, alabasteran marle rnaens, 0 drewstr-elcy dawig,be ukr dsb
