ARMY PURCHASE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIJSF, Sir,-The new relations of the Queen's army with India give an importanQe to this question_beyond even that which previously belonged to it. It is argued that if money ceased to be the chief condition of promotion, the officers of the army would become B0 engrossed in their professional prospects and so alienated in feeling from the rest of their countrymen, that they might be expected to conspire against our common liberties. The officers of the Artillery, Engineers, Marines, and Kavy are neither appointed nor promoted by purchase. If, therefore, purchase is a necessary safeguard for the armed foroo of a constitutional monarchy, we and our father have been anconsciously living in a state of peril. But, what is the fa^t ? Do the officers of the Navy or ArtiUery consp re against the State ? Is there any more reason to question the loyalty of the non-purchasing than of the purchasing corps ° Are they not all equally bound to the maintenance of our liberties by the hundred tiea which counect English gentlemen with th ir national institutions ? Parliamentary governm -nt is so interwoven with the earliest associations of Englishmen that it has become a sort of second nature to them, and they could not rise in inswrrection against it without also rebelling against themselves. The argument which connects purchase with the existence in tht army of a large proportion of officers belonging to the higher ranks of society is a fallacy of the roset kind. What are the inducements to young knglish gentlemen to enter the army? Is it the privilege of exhaustig their patrimony and incurring debt in the purchase of their commssions, or is it that the army always has been, and always will be, the most attractive profession to highspirited young men? The cheerful out-of-door adventurous life, the prestige, the hope of attamning early distinction are the real motives. As the old nobility and gentry of England have not in general a large command of ready money young men of this class are likely to enter the army in greater numbers after purchae ha been abolished than before. So far as edaucational tests may be introduced, the advantage will atill be with this clasm, for our gentry and clergy are keenly alive to the importance of giving their children a good education, and they will spend their money with more good will ia qualifying their sons for the successful prosecution of their military career, than in purchasing for them rates of pay, which, if they do their duty, ought to be given to them without cost, as the just reward of their labour. The otives to early retiement, aring from marriage, s3uccession to property, and the hundred other incidents belonginug to our wealthy and complex state of society will also remain the same, and a considerable number of officers will thus be annually returned to private life, whereby army promotion will be accelerated, and the Militia will be recruited by a regular supply of gentlemen who have acquired a practical knowledge of military affiairs. The proposal to confine the grant of wldows' pensions to cbases i which officers die of wounds or .disease contracted on active service in the field was not made with any view to economy. The experience of large bodies of public servants in Englnd and India shows that the natural guarantee for frugal and provident habits connected with the personal responsibility everybody is under of providing for his family cannot with impunity be set aside by ready-made settlements at the public expense. Those who have seen what English ladies have to undergo In quarters and on a march, even in time of peace, must have received a strong impression that a bounty ought not to be offered by the State on the marriage of its military officers, and it is only necessary to refer to the Affghan war, and to what has taken place at Cawnpore and Lucknow for a proof of the public evils arising from the same cause. That the troops at our military stations in India are embarrassed with ladies and children to an extent which prevents them from either effectually assailing the enemy, or securing their own retreat, is directly traceable to the encouragement given to early marriages, by the extraordinary pains which have been taken to make an ample provision for the families of Indian officers quite irrespective of the private circumstances of the officers themselve3 and o' the foresight and economy exercised by them. In the remarks you have made on the subject of urchase you have hardly done justice to SirOharles Trevelyan's financial argument. The abolition of purchase had never been seriously entertained, because it was supposed that an exorbitant amount would have to be given in compensation. Sir a. Trevelyan's object therefore was to showfirst, that besides placing the pay of officers of al ranks on a footing wbich would enablo them to live by their profession, a well-regulated system of retirement, according to age and rank, might be substituted for the presnt anomalous and complex n-m-effective system, without any increase in the annual charge; and, secondly, that the calculation ordinarily made of the sum which would have to be paid ln compensation is based upon the value of all military commissions, whereas only those officers would have to be compensated who did not choose to remain in the service under the revised reg,ulations; and the charge under this head would therefore be confined within very manageable limits. (See answers to questions 4,761 to 4,778, and also pages 488-9 of the Appendix.) Sir 0. Trevelyan was aware that the country would be willing even to incur a considerable expense to place its army on a atisfactory footing; and he endeavoured to show that this object might be attained by a moderate outlay during the next three or four years without any increase of the permanent charge. The commisslon gave a summary of his proposals in their report, and specially referred them for the consideration of the Secretary of State for War, who rephed that, as they had " evidently been prepared with great labour and dehlberation, so they must be reviewed with equal deliberation." The decision of public questions, however, does not depend in this countrysolelyuponMinisters of State, and hundreds of persons have had sufficient ex;perience of this sulbjes to be able to assist Lord Panmure with a sound opinion upon it. I amn. Sir. yours. &c- - AN ENGLISHI-AN. london, Sept. 7.
RIYFOR2EMENTS FOR INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I dare say several of your readers will be glad ts hear that tho Golden Fleece, Captain Hall, with the 34th Regiment, and two companies of the 42d on board, has go' thus far on its long voyage in safety. We arrived here at 11 o'clock last night, after a fine ron of 10 days six hours from Spithead, which, considering the distanoe is about 2,350 miles, safuices to show vwhat the shlip is capable of performing. On the 15th inst. we passed the Octavia, with troops on board (the number of the regiment we could not ascertain), and also the Monarch, with the 2d Dragoon Guards. On the 17th vwe also passed a lrge ship, with apparently troopS on board, but did not communicate. We found here on arrivol the John Bull steamer, with the head-quarters of the 38th i'legiment on board, which lef; Kingstown on the morning of the 6th inst., and reached thif port yesterday afternoon, and, having coaled, leaves to-day. The United Kingdom seamer, which left Xingstown on the 5th with another detachment of the 38th RegIment on board, has also (1 p.m.) just arrived. I have only to add that all are well, and that our weather ever since leavLng England has been delightful, and that nothing can exoeed the comfort and accommodation enjoyed by all rauks on board. After completing our stock of coal 'we hope to leave to-morrow for Point de Galle. I sm. Sir. Your onbdlft P" P D. KELLY; IUeuten=t-Colonel, Comma nina Troops, 34th Regiment, Steamner Golden Fleece, Aug. 19, St. Vincent, Cape Verde. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,- -As it may be of interest to the public generally, I have the pleasure to inform you that I have this morning received advice from this companys vesels AustraliAn and Sydney, stating that the former, vith 290 men and 16 officers of Her MajesWs 42d Regiment Royal Highlanders, nder the command of Lioatenant-Colonel Cameron, hal reached St. Vincent's, Cape Verde, on the 25th ult., Il line days and 22 hours, from Spithead;also the Sydney, with 288 men and 12 offcer of the Royal Artillery, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon, in nins days five hours, from Spithead-11 very comfortable and vell The vessels would proceed assoonascoaled-sayin 30 hours after arrival I sam, Sir, your obedient servant. ?MATTEW P. SCOTT. Secretarr Australiani Royal 3Mail SBeam Navigation Company, - 1 167, Greslhm-honse, Old BrO4 4eet, sept. 7.
I ,UORIfOJ' CO2FEAPZBUE fiY ZOLNDOff, fThi ectheldItsixth nnal onferenoe on Sunday a' the iell GlLrg,Lowrther*arcad., Strand. It wras p esided over by "two of tbe apostlei," Brothers Orson £ratiand.cra enao . About f0U persona were present in the morning, about 1,000 in the afternoon, and u-pwards of 1,000 in tbe eveni=g, mst of whomn, judging from *p pearanoes, were Latter-day Saint or Mormons The pro. ceedmngs .ere oondacted in an orderly manner, and con. sisted chiefly of addresese Brother PsujrT dcaniibed In forcible language the srp. tal claims of Mormonism. Delegates were presnt from different parts of the countryr From tbe Sstatoments of PastorRoss, the representative of London, it appeared that 1,2601, had been subscribed dosing the past year for emigration and other prposes, The exertions of the priesthood in the good work had been univerally received and aecpt.d. Preacking in th strets, 1LnE, end otber plACes had been revired, and where there had been opposition great wisom had been evidenoedi The PRESIDMNT of the Eent Conferenoe 4aid they haI had very pleasant times. He looked upon the Saints there who rmbred 550, as a " arst-claw lot of people, as the; supported 13 elders, and also pa}d their tithing," and approved *l1 that the elders proposd- They hd ao to ar her share of opposition, but they had felt the better for it. The Pkxswie'rN from Ese said he baa rebaptized in Ids district 241 out of 374. Thu people were firt rate in the work, and willing to pay their tithes and offerings. The Yard hrd been with them this year more than ever. u The PRESIDEN;T from Reading was bappy to be present, surrounded as he was by saints and servants of the Great God. In his district (a poor agriculltural one), ontt of 300 or 400 SAxnts there were 1.hO who were good for nothing, Of the remaining 250 the greater portion lived, or rAther ygtated, on parish allowance. They had subscribed 501. during the pust year to the emigration fund, and a lage n er of thm would emigrate auring the coming seasn. A. pastor from Southatnpton and Doreetshire complained of the want of honesty "on the part of the learned editors." Not long since the papers teemed with acounts of the -icious character of their elders-of their doine everythm mnbecoming a man, mQuch less a Saint-Crcnjat byJudg.e ruommond. It hd been proved by theAmnerican papers that Judge Drommond hd mnvented his atories to lnjue the Latter-day Saints and to bring them into collision with the United States' Government The Sheffield delegate (a gentleman from Utah) said the cSaints in his district were not rich " bht good looling," as they enjoyed the spirit of the Lord, which made them look and feel well. He himself had been baptlzed and received the Holy Ghost by laying on of hands He conjured his bearers to b me Mormons and fomake their sis. They wreo, he said, the mnost tempe. rate people in the world Let them nast go into the houses. Where were their pipes? They had thrown them away. Where were their teapots ? They hd no use for them. He declared that Joe Smith. had done more good tb an any man since our Saviour, and that Bzigham Young was a great and mghty prophet and father in IsraeL nThe proceedings of the afternoon were plesantly Tared hy reiresbments, such as gingerbeer and other cooling drinks. Here and there might be noticed affectionate pairs with their armal round each other's waists. The proceedin6s of the evening ocuisedohielly of a rapid reviewr of the origin and history of Mormorsissm down to the present time by Mir. Orson Pratt. Collections were roads after eah service. _ ~ ~ M
THE ISLSAD OF BANCA. TO THE EDITO:R OF THE TIMMSE, Sir,-During my tenure of the offlice of rident and oommandant at the Island of Banca from 1813 to the close of 816, when that interesting poseion was unfortunately, nder conditions of the peaoe in 1814, delivered over to the Netherlands Government, a vey aocurate survey of the east, north, and north-west coasts of that island was made by a very capable an lntelligent officer of the Bombay Mfarine, Identenant J. J. Robinson, I am sorry to say now deeased. A chart of the survey was printed and published in 1819 by Mr. Horsburgh, the eminent hdrographer to the East India Company, and if this chart, so mnnutely do. Uneated, had been in the posession of the captain of the Transit it might have been expected that nothing short of an extraordinary convulsion of the elements would hlve exposed that ill-fated rhip to be cast upon the roock off Cape Oolar, if that be the spot, as very probablT conjecture by your correspondent, 3fr. Blphinstone, in FZriday's paper, as he justly observes there is no such point aa Cape Oclar. By Lieutenant Robinson's chart, which is now before me, it will be seen that Tanjong or Point Oolar is in aline N.W. from the highest point of Monopin.hill, a wellktown landmark for navigators in the Straits of Banca Off of this cpe rmus a reef of rocks, extending W. about four miles from the shore, and another reef running N. to IT.E.; bat how tbe Transit got there is not vorv'evident. It might be that the ship in its ourse up the istraits was bearing up to hold communication with linto, the chief town of the island, and It may have happened that in doing so without guidance of the chart it may have struck on the reef of rocks called arng Hodjee, not far from Point Kaleeang, which is about eight miles from Cape Oolar to the N., and four miles from Mfinto to the E, Cape Kaleeang being tee extreme W. point of Banus. The Joboos is a large river at the mouth of which the Orang Laots, as they are called, have their habitatiens and fishing boats. Theso man recelved rations from the public stores at Minto in consideration of their services in convey. ance of stores to Jeboos and elsewrhere and their giving in. formation of any piratical or smuggling boats wbich might make their appearance off the coasts which they habitually traversed. They were placed under authority of Ieutenant %obinson, whose gentleness of temper and sound good sense commanded the affections and willing serviOes of this peculiar people, and, as the Jeboos river is not more than about 12 miles from Cape Oolar, they would no doubt (if they a2e now as thsy tben were) render every asistanc, to the Transit, so that with their aid and the more essential efforts of the Datch authorities at Minto it may be hoped tbht every practicable sneasre has been ta'ken to provide for the safety of the crew and recovery of the stores from the wreck of the Transit. I remain, Sir, your most obedient servant M. ]. CObRT. CLst1emans, Sept. 5.
COLLEGE FJLLOWSHrpS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-From a careful study of the Cambridgc Caendars from 1524 downy,ards, I have come to tho conclusion that, allowing for FeUowships kept vacant for detrimraa, for the few holders whose names go not appear upon the tripo:es, aud for closed foanadidons kept vacant for want of proper claimants, the average duration of tenuro is 13 years. Nuew, if Fellows be allowed to marry on Fellowships tenable for ten years every holder of one will, of conrse, keep it the whole time. Practically this time wiiU average IIL years, the 10 years will bo counted from X.A., when he enters upon his full privileges and emoluments, and the succession wSil be scarcely more rapid than before. Then comes the question, is this slight advantage with. out a drawback? I think it has an overwhelming one, The Fellowships regardea as prizes will become far less valuable. The feeling that there is something to fall back upon which will never fail us is an immense inducement to an under. graduate to exert himself. In reality tboy are seldom wanted after eight or 10 years, but the stimulus is not less potent on that account. Nor is it fair to regard tbe Fellowship as of llmited tenure -when hold by laymen. An unsuecessful lawyer can at the last moment change his profession from one which is worthless to him to one that offers at least anew prospect, and the certainty of a maintenance. Nor do I think that the Colleges will gain any advantage by allowing the tutors to merry. It will tend to perpotuate among us a set of Incompetent men whose reading is not up, to the existing standard. In Colleges, as in schools, young blood is most efficient. We have seen this in the Heads of Houses as wel as in the incompetency of the lato Caput. So far from tutors becoming fixtures, nany wish even Masters had inducements to resign. If no one should be a schoolmaster more than 30 yeats, no one should be a tutor of a College more than 15. The best tutors are not those wbo have been long in office, but those who, commencing with high degrees, have been five or six years engaged i private tuition. 6 The questions as to whetber Fellowships limited to a tern of years will prod nce impradent marriages, or stimuate to exertion atterwards, as well as the argument about the onfairne3s of requiring celibacy, are simply nihil ad rem. So the argument about the bad discipline which will result from ladies, ehildren, and servants living in College. Lst them Uve in the town, as many diatingulshed private tutors do already. Instance Gaskin, Hopkins, Godfrey, Miller, Sooa# &o. The question is how to make the Fenlowshipg moet desirable and yet instre the most rapId succession. The first thing is the benefit of the College; the benefit of the individual, except as it affects this, is only to be taken into consideration cateris paribus. I am, &k.. ANUOTJ5E FsLLOW OF A COLLEGE
T1x MAYOH Or WiNcxEsR AND THE INDTAx MuTnuY.-Tho Mayor of Winchester has addressed the following letterto the inbabitamto of that city:-"I have felt called upon in several instance3 durm4 the last two years tO appeal to you in aid of benevolent objects, bat never did I feel that Iwas in the path of duty so fully s I do now in aesoANti g the claims of the sufferers by the Indian rauti. nies. Tbe crnelties inflicted upon our fellow.count.yen and women and children in ldiad have been terrible ia tho extreme, and bave no parallel in the world's histort * .hilo thaose who have escaped ase in utter destitution a'd misery They axe entitled to-, amnd I ams sur, will receive, tho hearty assistance of the Eng;lish people andI I feel zAtisfed that this district wil riot te~ ~ treat of tbauit 6g djo- in Aninsterinp, to the wa.sts of tb ape unfortunate _ersons& I am, $i, CeARLES WRIGHr Mayor of WIn chester." In Qmsequence of this appe,' saubcription lists have been opt4v( et the principal osuks of the town Ma neigbbouxl~,
T1HE mf.'plr1.d ; TO THE EDITOR -_ TaE TTh!ES, Sir,-_owr that the mermioe" of the Militia are agai re. TqLred, and likely to be so for some tnz, permit me,. whil niindordDg the letters o2 " A Militia Capiain" wleh'khav* lately appered in your columns, to add a few reni&a of my own,a6sbeil I Am Privileged to do, having eld a commubion in the MilitU$ dnoe its enrolmen}t h 1852; In tho first plae, it does not appear to be knoom o (or, at any rate, appreciatd by) Gorernment that the xueeu of e Militia regimuent depends chiey on the &djutMt ana eaptuans, on the litter of -whom the responsibily et tks eompanies in every Way faUs, ag well es *t'alf expenses ; yet at the disembodiment the c a , en. tiTely overloo-ke4,-why I am at a loss to understead Wlest Goverwnent thought we were ao rich we could Aori to throw our money away. If so, I beg to undeceive it. And now I would suggest i what maniner the new bat. talions of the Line may be at onoe formed, and of trained soldiers, ready for immediate duty, instead of raw recruitg, 'whose servies, if they cn be procured, will not be avail. able for at leoat six or eight months, and that in, by llowing Militia eaptains who may be in all respects eligIbhi to volunteer writh their companies This woold be a great encouragement to the Militia; and some. tbing is unrely required after our reeent treatment as compared with the foreign legionx; nor would any injux7 he idiited on offioern of the LIne. The only obstaele I can see Is, I confes, a formidable on,-viz., the dread shock inch a course would give to venerable " Red Tapist" and their ancient customs The gft of au ensigncy in the Line for every 75 men is no isduoe.ment for captains of Militia, anl they alone have suffdioent irndienoe in their regiments to tako over their men by companies. I may instance that although the men of my eompany were offered a handsome present each in addition to the bounty, and also enCoDraged by me to go into the Line wlth youag offiem who dre& tehenm, only two or three voltnteerod who had not previounly done so. Yet to a man they were wlling and anxious to accompany their captain, to whom they hd very properly beoome attached. In conclusion, I wonldnot recommend any gentleman ta acocpt a captaincy of Militia unless he has money to spar3 and does not mind spending it for hbi country's good; nor, above all, would I advine young men intended for, or following other professions, to attempt soldiering, as it toblly unfits them forreturning to their necessry avocations, and gives them expensive habits and tastes they cannot probably afterwards keep up. I am, Sir. your obedient servant. A¢THEBR MIT OAPTAI. isept D. TO THE .EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Fiftoen regiments of MlUtia are to be embodied immediately for the purpose of supplying the vacaocies cmused by regiments of the Idne prooeeding to India. The selection rmado by the authorities of the regiments they propose calllng out could not be better, as when thesezigi. ments were disembodied they were equal in discipline to any regiment of the Line, and will therefore garrisoi ihe different towns most adrably; but, in addition to thi, Sir, will they be able to supply thr army in India with recruitS suaficientIy fast ? In this duty I am afraid they will f6, and I am therefore desirous of knowing why some of the Middlesex regiments are not called out; they did good service during the last war; for insance, the regiment lx whioh I have the honour of doing dutty with, gave as many as 700 reen to the Line, aud wil be able to do the am again if called oakt The county regiments, well disd. plined as they are, cannot frmish men so quicly as the metropolitan regimentr are able to do, and this is especially the time to cal them out, in consequence of orders having been received to pay the training bourty for the present 7ear, which Xwill be the very means of bringing all the men together. Pay the bounty first, embody the regiments afterwrds, and then, Sir, I admit very few men will join; but thero is a balance of some 10s. due to them, and until that is paid they will not quit their regiments. Draw them out then first, and when out pay them. There Is still one more question I am desirous of urging on your attention, which ls, if these regiments are not em. bodied, why should not the permanent stff be allowed to recrait for the Line. A circular was issued, some shorttime ago, directing adjutants to date whether the staff under their command were willing to perform this durty, and although a reply in the afirmative was forwarded to the authorities, still, up to the present moment, no orders have been received to commence thu duty. The harvest is in, the men will soon be requiring work; shonld not, therefore, the Government aeize the opportunity of trying to Indauoe these mon to enlist at onoe ? This is the very time to get recruxits if proper means are used, Should you, therefore, Sir, consider these remarks worth noticing, I sal feel obliged to yoa by your giving publicity to them. I have the honour to be, Sir, sour obedient servant. B. ;Sept. i5. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMES. Sir,-When shill wo oease to do things by dribleta? Man by man is our army stepping OD board transports for the Bast, and what are wo doing to fil the fearful gapi which pestilence, the sword, and the expiration of the term of service wll shortly cause in the ranks of our army IervinR in that quarter of the globe ? My opinion may not bo worth much, but the experience derived from a few years' residence in India prompta me to say that I think wo *re not yet within sight of the " beginning of the end" of our so-called Sepoy difficlty; and whhat, I will repeat, are we doing to mme' it ? We are enlisting some 1,500 or 2,000 men per month; but the 15 new battalions and the augmentation of the estabL;hment of other regimenta will absorb all recruits for many months to come. Why Is not the whole of the Militia, or every regiment of eight companies and upward, at once embodied? Should India demand farther reinforoements, let the army standard be reduced to 5 foet 4 inches, volunteering from the Militia be invited, and Government will soon have at its disposal something like 20,000 efficient men. A couple of months wll suffice for those men who were embodied during the late war to pickl up tueir drill, while an equal number will be In an advanced state, and willing to volunteer as soon as they have warmed to their work. I know fuU weU that A very large proportion of rnen join the Militia " to see," as they say, " how they like soldiering." They will not at once plunge into the Line. There could not be a more favourable opportunity for caUling out the Militia. The men have every inducement to come forward. There is the annual bounty of one guinea due to them, as well as a balance varying in amount from 4s. to 12s. on the gratuity allowed by Government la5t year subsequent to the men being sent to their homes. Should Bengal be shortly tranquilized tho Militia can be disembodied, as in 1856, at a few days' notice, and not ba called out for theik annual training next year. Iill pledge myself, as oommandant of a Miitia regi. ment, to encourage to the utmost my men to volunteor should their extended services be required, and every right. minded commanding officer wll do the same. I am Sir, your obedient servant. = _______ C. B. I Sept. 5.
Tas l3isum or or i'or AND ru' hzpssi. MrTixy. -Dr. Robert Bickersteth, Bishop of Ripon, has issued the following letter to the clergy of his dioces :-" The Palace, Ripon, Sept., 1857.-Rer. and Dear Brethren,-It is a plain duty uring the present crisis in India to implore the belp of Alighty God by s?ecial supplication. In Eis hands are the issues of battle. lhe mnutiny which has taken place is known to be of fearful extent. No one can say to what further extent the tebellion znay reach. Already much precious blood has been shed; hundreds of our poaceful and unoffendingfellow.conntrymen have been massacred by the treacherous mutineers, and not a few have endured horrors worse than death. It is evident that before this conflict is over many more lives will inevitably be eaorificed, Not only are our troops in India surrounded with all the perils of war, but the numerous families fromn this country who reside intheadtrbed districksarexpo6edtorisk,which it isfearful tocontemplate. feanwhilethosewhoh^Terelativeg or friends in India are unavoidably in deep anxiety and uspense on their acount. These cirumstances cd for spea dal and united prayer, ani I venture therefore to recom. mend the clergy throughout the diooess at public morning and evening prayer to ask the prayers of the congregatioa in behalf of our fellow-countrymen at home and abroad who are suffering by reason of the war in the East ; and I also rcommend the use of the prayer which is appointed to be used in the time of war and tumults. Permit me also to suggest the propriety of polnting out to your congregations the duty of tracing the kand of God in this visitation, and of earnestly beseeching him for th. merits! sake of Christ to grant a speedy termination of the strife. and, above aD, to overrnle the calamity for the gory of His holy raae and the further advancement of Hia kingdom on earth.-I ain, rev. n dser h?Pthron rnr fa3t1eful servant. R. RlOL5." TEX THREE C Db.i 2In CoavIcms &T LivER- POOL.-It is now setUed that the execution ef Henry Regere, William AWes, and Charles Edward Seymour, tla fEnner capah, and the other two seamen of thq ship Martha Jans, for the brutal murder of Andrew Rose, als0 a se&3nKX on board that 'o8el, ah.u take plaoe at the gaol at K}rkdalb on Saturday next at noon. The jury, it wil be recollected, rwcommended the cal'rit to mercy, and since their condemnation a memoriahas been sent to the Government praying for a commutation of the sentence, but the jedge who tried the case (Baron Watson) ba expressed a conviction that there ws no gronnO for preventing the due comse of the law. Regers anad iles havo both been visited by their wives, and in the former case bybhis family. The doomed msen hive paid every attention to the spiritual ministrations of the rev. chaplain of the gaol, and ape. to be fully imprmsed with the awful position in which they ase yiaced and the fahe which awaitn tbem. TER TEA TiRADF, Sept. 7.-The de1iveriea in London, estimated for the week, were 699,6691b., which, aS cemXarad with the provions atatenQept, i a doerem oC \6¢b.
LONDONZ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1857. In the last two months we have despatched 25,000 soldiers on a voyage of 15,000 miles. This brief but comprehensive observation is not ill calculated to place the energy and resources of the country in a creditable light before the eyes of the world ; but it wvould be unwvise in the extreme to presume that the actual work before us has beeu even nearly accomplished. It has been estimated by good authorities that an army of 80,000 British troops in India would suffice for the pacification of the country under any circumstances apparently probable. This is, perhaps, a reasonable assumption, and the measures which have been actually taken ought to result, no doubt, in the concentration of some such force as this under the orders of Lord CANNINO. The European troops in India at the commencement of the year numbered altogether, including those in the service of the Company, about 35,000 or 40,000 men. To these it may be reckoned that 10,000 have been or will be added from the Cape, the Mauritius, Ceylon, and the Chinese Expedition, leaving 30,000 or 35,000 to be despatched from these shores. As of this complement 25,000 have already sailed, and nearly 10,000 more are under orders for embarcation, the immediate requirements of the case may appear to have been thus far satisfied; but, if we look into the matter more closely, it will soon he seen how much remains to be achieved. Of the troops recently sent from this country a considerable portion represented the draughts required il due course to keep up to their proper strength the Etiropean battalions regularly quartered in India, and these men, therefore, wil have been already reckoned under the item giving the origiral strength of the Indian force. Considering, indeed, the increase of casualties which must bare attended the recent operations, it is probable that the draughts sent out will not suffice to make good the losses incurred, so that some deductions should be made from the gross numbers given under the head referred to. In the next place, it must be remembered that several of the regiments now in Bengal represent only so many loans, to be repaid at the earliest opportunity. These battalions have been withdrawn from Bombay, from Madras, from other colonies, and from the exigencies of another war in the East. Beyond doubt the demands of Bengal were so far paramount that this abaorption of forces was a judicious measure, but the troops thus borrowed will require to be replaced. It is certainly, since the Bengal Mutinies, at least as necessary as ever that Southern India should be protected by its ordinary garrisons; and, though the Cape, perhaps, can afford a permanent surrender of troops, this is more than can be said for the Expedition in the Chinese waters. A few months ago the Chinese War engrossed all our attention; it has since dwindled to proportions of comparative insignificance, and naturaly so too; but our Commanders at liongkong must have a supporting force in prospect. To some extent, perhaps, we may rely for assistance on the levies which have been proceeding with great rapidity in the Punjab ; but, after our recent experience, it is in the British elE ment alone that we can unhesitatingly confide, and the remarks we have made wni show that very considerable reinforcements wil still be required before the army in Bengal can be raised to the desired strength, without prejudice to other demands. Lord MELVILLE took occasion in his speech at Edinburgh on Friday last to observe both that the @zigencies of India might call for larger Aium= than had yet been despatched, and that our immediate resources for meeting these calls had been almost exhausted. The conclusion directly following from these assumptions is, that the military establishments of the kdngdom should be forthwith increased, and this is the necessity which Government is proposing to meet by the measures recently announced. 15 Regiments of the Line we to receive second battalions, or, in other words, to be doubled, so as to represent 30 regIments instead of 15. A certain number of regiments, again, are to be raised from 840 men each to 1,000, so that the regular army will acquire an accession of strength amounting to nearly 20,000 bayonets. In addition to these proceedings 15,000 of the MiUtia will be called out, so that the gap left in our home forces will be pretty nearly filled. If the ordinary strength, in short, of the European army in India was 40,000, and it is now to be raised to 80,000, this will constitute an extraordinary demand upon our general establishments to the extent of 40,000 men, and the new battalions of the Line with the embodied Militia Corps will about supply the deficiency. It appears to us, however, that these measures, though reasonable enough at first sight, have been framed upon a scale short of that which the occasion suggested and the country was prepared to accept. We see no reason for such nicety of calculation. India, as Lord MELViLLE observed, may require, for all we can tell, a much larger force than is now thought sufficient before the work of pacification and reorganization can be thoroughly completed. Moreover, we have not only to provide 40,000 additional troops-or as many more as may be demanded-for service in the East, but to maintain this army at its proper strength by constant reinforcements; and these reinforcements alone will carry off a considerable portion of our new levies. We cannot see, therefore, why we should cut things so closely when we have such ample resources to draw upon. As far as actual reinforcements are concerned, we do not believe that more troops couldhave been sent off than were despatched during the last two months, or with greater expedition; but we do not see why, with such contingencies in prospect as may now be discerned, the augmentation of the army need be limited to 15 battalions, or the embodiment of the Militia to 15,000 men. No doubt, if every exigency is satisfied as fast as it appears, there is no great room for complaint; but it is remarkable, that though the intelligence from India has never yet exceeded that measure of calamity which was to have been anticipated when once the comprehensive character of the Mutiny had been established, our views of the requisitions likely to arise have been expanded upon the arrival of each successive mail. Regiments after regiment,s have been ordered for the service, and the reinforcements in contemplation have assumed larger and larger proportions ag things went on. So long as they do so, and so long as nothing ls lost by the system of expectation, there is certainly no great mischief done; but we cannot see why the entire obligation in its full dimensions should not have been recognized at once. IS is scarcely conceivable that any intelligence should now be received from India of a character to justify us in rescinding or relaxing our resolutions. Assuming even that Delhi should have fallen without serious cost to the besieging force, and that the operations of the moveable columns should have been everywhere successful, the great facts of the rebellion will still survive in a savage and disaffected soldiery at large throughout the country, in swarms of armed marauders flushed with carnage and pliunder, in a disorganized administration, and, above all, in the demoralization and contagion which this epidemic of mutiny has generated. Come what will in the way of success or good fortune, we shal sti require our additional 40,000 troops in India, and that for some time. We cannot, therefore, do wrong in establishing our preparations on a sufficient scale, and in pushing them forward with all the energy possible. We have a population to draw upon of 28,000,000, and an admirable spirit abroad to second the appeal-in fact, recruits are pouring in by thousands, and the estimated demands will very soon be supplied. Our financial resources are equal to any imaginable emergency, and, although as a nation we are instinctively economical, no Minister need ever fear to draw at discretion on the public purse for the honour of the country, the protection of its citizens, and the reputation of its arms. All, in short, humanly speak-ing, lies in our own power, and nothing but resolution and action are required to give us success and security.
What are we to do with a refractory Ambassador? France and England are now perfectly agreed on the Danubian Principalities question; the countries are agreed, the Sovereigns are agreed, the Prime Ministers are agreed, and everybody is satisfied, but Lord STRATFOERD DE RBDoLIFFE wiU not consent. If this is not a strong case of ego et Rex meuts, it Is at any rate ultrapatriotism. Our Ambassador differs in opinion from his country, and of course it is better for the country that it should give way. He will not let us expose ourselves, or discredit ourselves ; he loves his country too much to let it judge for itself. No, he knows much better than we do how to manage things in the East, and we shall, whether we will or not, have the benefit of his great experience. He is aware that he is throwing pearls before swine, that we shall not thank him for it, and that we simply want him to obey orders, but he wil not let us command him to our own injury. Now, everybody knows that Lord STRATFORD is a k3ind of Sultan at Constantinople, that trembling Pashas lick the dust at his feet, and feel their promotio:n secured or their fate sealed according as he smiles or frowns. He has now lived in the East some 50 years, he has devoted himself to a thorough acquaintance with aU the intricacies and disguises, the frauds, the chicanery, and whole subterranean machinery of the Ottoman Court. He has stuck to his work; he has carried his head high, as wel from natural temper as from policy. No one has known better the maxim that an Asiatic will respect you in proportion as you respect yourself; or has used it to more advantage. He has carried this policy a little too far at times indeed even for Asiaties, and has treated the SuTANr himself with a dignity which the latter mistook for insolence; but, whatever mistakes he may have made, he has had about as much of his own way as any Ambassador ever had, and it is a reward which industry and perseverance have earned. Lord STRATrvOlD has talents which would have justified an entrance -upon the home arena, and the aim at a less local name and influence than he has acquired; he was, indeed, talked of for Foreign Minister under Lord DExaBVs Government, and public report for a short time hinted at a recall from Constantinople for this higher post. How he would have borne the unceremonious conflicts of our home field of politics is indeed a question; his dignity would have been sorely put to the test, and he would have found a great difference between one of our Parliamenltary debates and a tgte-t4tq with a Pasha. He would have been knocked about a good deal, for we are rather an irreverent race;-we do not allow ourselves to be put down by a look, we are not annihilated by majestio disdain, and the airs of greatness are a good deal thrown away upoDa us. We measue a man} as pugilists do, by his strength, rather than by his air or grandeur of carriage, and this many a great man very aoon finds out to his cost, when, notwithatanding his imposing manners and his stately carriage, his ineffable bows and his Olympian smiles, his Serene Highness finds himself rolling in the dust from an encounter with some quickwitted antagonist who has simply asked him a few plain questions and requested an immediate anawer. It is to Lord STRATFORD's credit, however, that he has not made his Turkish mission a mere stepping-stone to home power or office, but has made it the work of his life, though it is to be feared that so long an Eastern residence has not been without its injurious effects upon him. As the representative of a great Power, he has been surrounded by flatterers, and those flatterers who do not spare the seasoning. It is said that a man is first disgusted with flattery, then tolerates it, and then relishes it, such frail creatures are we and so little dlo we know our weaknessea. One might think Asiatic flattery was too strong to be hurtful, but it tells iu time; the dram which almost burnt our throat at fiSt becomes raild by repetition, and is soon necessary to soothe our humours and make us feel contentedwith ourselves. Fifty years of Asiatic flattery are no joke; a man gets to think by that time that there miut be some truth in what people tell him about himself. In ancient times the issue of this long process of adulation would have been mythological; LordSTRATFoRD would have had a celestial pedigree presented to him, or been assigned a place in the Zodiac, or been made a sea god, in compliment to his insular extraction. But, as we do not live in mythological days, and as Mahomedan flattery is not idolatrous, our Ambassador has been content to be thought the greatest earthly potentate next to the SuLTrA?. This is, as we say, trying to a man, and Lord STRATFoRD is probably now the most imperious subject that HER MA&rsTy has. His sphere of power is indeed a local one, and his subjects are not the most respectable in the world; but he makes up for the quality of the subject material by the remorseless sternness with which he controls it. He rules his Court with a rod of iron; he is a King among the Pashas, a Triton among the minnows. Some tempers are so constituted that they prefer being despotic in their own sphere, however small it may be, to having to meet the claims of equals in a much larger one, and Lord STRATrORD would doubtless rather be first in Constantinople than second in England. Well, this is Lord STruTForD, and we should be prepared for a little awkwardness in such a potentate on things not going exactly his own way in the East. HIe is also an old servant, and should be humoured to a certain extent. But there is a limit to good humour. When two Sovereigns have met, and their Ministers have met, and the issue of this conference is that the elections in the Danubian Principalities must be repeated, the English Ambassador at the PoRTE really ought to support this resolution, or else withdraw. Lord STRATFoRD, we believe, does not actually disobey orders; as Ambassador he must communicate the me?sage from our Government to the PORTE, and he does so. But he simply communicates it, and does not support it. He allows it to be seen that he is opposed himself to his own instructions, of which he will only consent to be the official and formal channel. This is intolerable In an Ambassador, and, though Government might find Lord STRATFORD an awkward and impracticable man in the House of Lords, such an inconvenience attending his recall ought to be submitted to rather than such an anomaly as that of an Ambassador opposing his own instructions. What our correspondent has said is probably true, that the diplomatic ground at Constantinople wants clearing. " It is useless to give orders and in"structions; they will not change old animosi"ties and bad traditions." The French and English Embassies will quarrel so long as the present men stay, and when an Ambassador dislikes his instructions he can always impede them by stirring up minor questions. There is nothing now really to impede the settlement of affairs in the East but the animosities of Ambassadors, and the sooner, therefore, both English and French are recalled and their functions committed to a couple of Charg6s d'Affaires who will simply do what the Governments at home tell them to do, the better. Lord STRATFoBD will make a second rejected and ill-used great man in the House, nor can we promise Government that they will soon hear the last of it. But it is better that the Upper House should listen to another great man's wrongs, and Government feel his retaliations, than that this country should be thwarted by its own Ambassador on such an important subject as that of the settlement of the Eastern difficulty.
It is natural that candidates for seats in Parliament should address the electors on the subject which at present engrosses the attention of England, but it Is desirable that they should confine themselves to the expression of those feelings on which all classes of the community are unanimous. The time is not well suited to the discussion of controverted Indian questions. No thoughtful man will venture to assert that he has positively ascertained the causes of the Mutiny; but it is certain that they were local or national, arising out of the character of the native army, and in some degree from its immediate relations to the European authorities. No rational hypothesis has connected the revolt with the general machinery of the Government. If the public servants who administered the Indian Empire were incompetent to the discharge of their duty, there are no worthier substitutes to take their place. The Anglo-Indians are liable to peculiar failings, and they may probably have conimitted mistakes; but no other Englishmen possess the knowledge of the East which is indispensable to those who are responsible for its welfare. Civil and military functionaries have done their utmost to perform their duty to their superiors, and no change in the form of the government at home would have made them more zealous or more efficient. Mr. BYNG at Brentford, however, and Mr. MuTz at Tavistock, in dealing with the prominent topic of the day, involved themselves in pledges which are at least premature. A hustings audience may be persuaded that a scheme for transferring the government of India to the CRowN indicates a special study of the question. Those who remember past discussions will rather be disposed to arrive at an opposite conclusion. None of the difficulties which deterred Parliament from effecting the change at the last renewal of the Charter have been since disposed of. The melancholy events of the present year would certainly not have failed to occur if tho nominal rule of the Company had been abolished in 1853. The greased cartridges, the Missionary Colonels, the Brahmin privileges, and the native garrison of Delhi, would have all contributedwith other causes or agents to the outbreak, notwithstanding the provisions of any conceivable Act of Parliamert. The Court in Ieadenhall-street can at the worst only lead the Minister astray by advice, and by the influence of more accurate knowledge. The Cabinet, in fact, through Mr. VXRNoN SNUxU, exercises supreme and ultimate authority over the whole system of government. IMr, MirL s. spoke like A tlo Englishman of thQ revolt and of its necessary consequences; but it is to be hoped that his opponent, Mr. RUSSELL, excels his defeated competitor in familiarity with the Indian constitution. It is not, perhaps, surprisng that Mr. MiL4L should be "impresed " with tho fact that for a commercial comapany to " govern 200,000,000 of people in order to mako I " them pay was impolitic and unjust to the highest "4 degree -' but it may create some astonishment that a public writer and ex-legislator should imagine the existence of a state of things so entirely fabulous. The East India ProDrietary aro not a commercial company, but a body of annuitants. They do not govern either 200,000,000 of people, or the far more limited population of British India; and it is utterly absurd to impute to them a gratuitous desire to make their supposed subjects pay. The fixed dividends on their stock are charged on the Indian Exchequer, annd guaranteed by the English Government. If the revenue of the different Presidencies were doubled the Company would gain nothing, nor would it lose by the separation of India from the English CRowh . The power of the Proprietors is limited to the i right of voting for a certain portion of the Directors who have a subordinate share in the government of India. The anomalous existence of an accidental conetituency was fully considered and deliberately maintained by Parliament only four years ago. M1r. BN wiU do weU to employ his leisure in reconsidering a question on which he pronounces, with similar confidence. Whatever may be the ultimate decision of Parliament, many years must elapse before the remains of the ancient machinery can be finaly thrown aside. The " divided; " Government" and "1 divilded Councils"' are deceptive phrases. Mr. VYRNow S&qrr canm govern India if he is able and wiUing to do so; and the House of Commons may, if it thinks fib, demand from him a daily account of his adminishation. Before the form of government is stiUl more closely adapted to the real distribution of power, it may be as well to inquire whether Parliament has either the means or the desire to supersede the Court of Directors and the local authorities. Whatever charges may be brought against Leadenhall-street, it is impossible to find in its annals any trace of religious bigotry or of English political partisanship. No Rajah has been dethroned, no Sepoy Regiment has been tampered with, for the purpose of gaining a vote. Every observant politician, however, knows that sectarian questions form a disturbing force in all domestic political conflicts. The constituencies are generally behind their representatives, and the House of! Commons more backward than the Ministry, in impartial love of toleration. Half the members returned at the late election are pledged to a policy respecting Maynooth which they are fortunately too conscientious to carry into effect. Some years since the fanatical party succeeded in stopping the circulation of letters on Sunday. A year ago the: borough constituencies were up in arms for the purpose of suppresing Sir B. HA&m?s I Sunday Bands. With all these harmless' national eccentricities the English constitution is strong enough to bear. Even the Irish have become hardened to an annual night of Maynooth nonsense, and sensible men on immaterial questions of Sunday observance are content to defer to the tastes of the majority. But the same propensity would become alarming and dangerous if India were governed by the direct agency of the House of Commons. The country is for the moment profoundly impressed with the necessity of caution in deal-Ig with Indian prejudices; but the prudence wh:ch has been suggested by terrible experience is of a more recent date than the general election. It would then have been easy for any thoughtless philanthropist to originate an agitation for " putting down" idolatry, and it is never safe to rely on the firmnes of a Minister for the rejec- tion of a popular demand. Indian statesmen have: steadily pursued the policy of from time to time suppressing some of the more odious forms of superstition; but the abolition of Suttee, the freedom of conversion without loss of property, and the permission for remarriage of widows, have' been slowly and cautiously introduced. It is not too mach to say that an agitation such as that, which emancipated the West Indian Negroes would! long since have been commenced if the affairs of I the East had formed ordinary topics of Parliamen-' tary aud popular discusion. There is no necessity for resolving that the present form of government shaU be perpetually imposed upon India, but the discussion of possible changes ought to be postponed to a calmer period. It is dangerous to change front in presence of an enemy. It is unnecessary to admit, as Mr. DIsiAXti would desire, that a mistaken policy has in some degree justified the present insurrection, and Sir ERsnm-u PERRY, who has undertaken to bring the subject forward in the ensuing xession, wil find a difficulty in persuading the House of i Commons that the Mutiny of the Bengal Army I is attributable to the deficiency of English Kinsi Prius lawyers, which he has so often derounced as the principal grievance of India. But happily | we are not yet bound to come to a decision; aU I we have for the present to do is to suppress the! Miutiny. |___
RIOTS AT BELFAST. (By 1Rrzm B A.Nf IRIa MAGNXric TzLEGRApH.) BELFAST, HomDAY MopNw. There was a serious riot here yesterday, arising out of street preaching. The Riot Act was read and the mob fired on by the constabulary. Many persons have been badly wounded. A young man named George Walker was shot in Mill-street. The town is now quiet.
COUBT CIRCULAR. BALMORA1T, BpT. 6. Her Majesty the Queen and the Prince Consort drove yesterday to Birkhal], proceeding thence up Glen Muick. Her Royal Highness the Duheses of Klent and Lord and Lady James Mlurray wrere included in the dne ayi theoevening.hdinner party in Despatches were roceived at the Colonial-offico yeserday from the Governors of the North American Provinces, the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian islands, and the Governor of the Falkland Islands.
ADELPHI THEATBB. The performance of Blac7c-Eyd Susa,i at this houj%e, ttn remembrance" of Mr. Douglax Jerrold, seems to hAve giren a new impetus to Mfr. T. P. C-oeke, who, after a long and honourabiarepoe reapaed on the occasion in the immortal charace 'of W'fm. Two engagements at the Haya~ret ollwedtha meoraleevent, andl last nigh He sill emans a muh Wiliamas ver,buthis fregh carerisottoecoflndtotissnglpark. TheAPilotlis nlradyanouned t he ootofthebils,with Mr. T. P.
[Advertbsement.J-Wyla's Now Maps of 1nA1 -Indle sr4 DelhL-Wsld' New Mapof India, with aU the Civil and Military Stations, Tables of DlstanoeN, &o - : Iaset, 15L * In case, £zL Indlav showing the Pt Roads, Dawk &taIons, and Waia"; one tiee 6a : In ce. Tx. 6d. mdiad the Bura Emire; one abeek *L ;l csame hB India: 4to I&; In qae k Wyll' *Map of ebl with the fortifications, cantonrnen J;c. In shea% s,; In one,e 2eJ.m Wyld.,oogeVrapber to ths Quea;, C zlng- east, eppodte Not. tbcedt next door to the g o d t otal Exr obnm [Advertisemont.India, by J. HZ Stocqueler; pzioe ILs. 6d. bo"s-" This is an exceedingly well-timed work, containing a very large smount af condensed and useful infotmstlon conoering India. The divided fonr of government which subelats, the rtartneship of Ledenbhall-treet and Downing-street o explained, aswell as the det0lin of the military and cvIU administration of thsel lRei. The emigrant or traveller to India is Ilbewlee fnrniebed with exce3ent adyloe a to his ontflt, ard the ronte which he sboold zdopt. Obapten are also devoted to the fruitg and tbo climate of India4 and onidaerable information Is given reSDpectig the commerce, the currency weights and measuresK Iu ; added to this Is an Accomt of the orlgin, aaogrens ad development of the present mutiny In 'he Beng provinces. This book Is one of the beft of the m%ny exoellent and chep works whiah Mesr. Routledge and Co. have rendered aecmible to tbe million, and It car,not fail to oommand an onotmous sale."" Oserver," Ibree for 20 &tampa.-Loodon, Gcoe Routlecge aud 0o., rauCplewctect,
SECOND EDITION. THB TIMES-lOFFICE, Tuesday Morning. EXPRESS PROM PARIS: The following is the letter of our Paris corre. spondent, dated yesterday (Monday), 6 p.m.:- We are at last beginning to get at the truth respecting the Spanish-MIexican quarrel, ooncerning which so many contradictory gtatements have been made by the Madrid papers and other foreign journals. The real state of the cue may be s'eetched in few words. Tho great difficulty, the main point of variance between Senor de Lafragua, the Mexican Plenipotentiary, and Senor Pidal, the Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs, was the indemnity claimed by the latter for the Spaniards resident in Mexico who had suffered in person or property at the hands of depredators and assassins at Cuernavaca and elsewhere. The Mexican negotiator was willing to agree to such indemnity, in conformity with the laws of nations; that is to say, when it *hould be proved that his Government could be held responsible for the misdeeds of the armed bands in question. The Spanish Mjnister was not content with this, but required that it should be at once conceded that an indemnity was due. Neither party being dispozed to give wray, agreement was manifestly imposible. It was then that Lord-Howden, acting in accordance with AL de Turgot, strongly urged the Spanish Government to accept the friendly intervention of England and France for the settlement of the dispune. After some hesitation Spain agreed to this-on or about July 2L Senor de Lafragua, not having authority from his Government to accept such mediation, communicted with Mexico by the next mail, and by this time his despatches are doubtless in the hands of President ComonforL. It will be the end of October before the reply can be received. In the mean time the matter is in abeyance. Spain has spended her warlike preparations, and although rumours of probable hostilities have lately reached us from Madrld, these must be oonsidercd as unfounded, since, after aocepting the good offices of France and England, she wiU naturally wait to hear Whether Mexico does the same. She oould not followr another course without giving offence to the two friendly Powers; and, moreover, she well knows that if she plunged into a war with Mexico contrary to their advice, aud without waiting for the result of their mediation, she would be left, unassisted, to take the consequences of her precipitation. Among those consequences must be reckoned, as at least poRsible, the overt or cover, interference of the United States, and great danger to the island of Caba.. It was in anticipation of some such complications that England and France Interested themselves strongly in the affair, and fnally succeeded in getting their mediation accepted, Had Spain commenced hostilities two monthg ago, as she then appeared on the eve of doing, it Is understood that her plan was to light up civil war in Mexioo, and to reinstate Santa A'ma in the presidential chair. Communications had been opened with him, and agents of his had arrived in Madrid. In the background, and contingent on many circumstances, was a plan which, romantic though it appears, was mooted and discuesed In Spain, of converting Mexico into a monarchy, with ai Spanish Bourbon on the throne. Such a scheme as this, could it be realized, would be the commencement of a civil war, and would probably have the effect of throwing Mexico Into the aims of the Un ited States. Senor de Lafragna, whom report lately sent back to Mexico, arrived in Paris the night before last, after a tour in the south of Spain. It is understood that he will await here, or within easy distance of this capital, the receipt of his Goveyamnent's reply to the offer of mediation. If this be accepted, which can hardly be doubted, a conference for the settlement of the question will be held either in Paris or in London. The latest intelligence from Rome Is higbly favourable to the arrangement of the pending difficulty betWeen Mexico and the Holy See. In respect both of Spain and Mexico the Papal Goveln-ent has shown a wie ard prudent spirit of conciliation, which it appears likely will also be extended to Piedmont. Although nothing has as yet been finally concluded, Senor Montes, the Mexican Plenipotentiary at Rome, has obtained !the assurance that the sales of Church property and suppression of convents already effected should be recognized. The conditions on which the Holy See makes these concessions are not mach as seem likely to impede the conclusion of the Concordat. Rome demands that Churchmen should be electors and eHgible, and should be allowed to acquire and hold property hereafter. The Constitutionndl of to-day, in a long and not very well founded article, takes the English press to task for what it terms "unjust recriminations against France, its Government, and its people." The Moldavian elections, the Indian revolt, the medal of St. Helena, are the three topics upon which it affirms that the London papers, and particularly their Parisian correspondents, have lately shown an unfriendly and captious spirit towards France "Certain London journals," it says, "have given to the wise policy followed in the question of the Principalities the proportions of a hum1liating defeat of the Palme-ston Ministry and of a triumph for France." It is a pity the ConstiUtiovndl does not name these journals, that one might judge of the value of their views and predictions. In the excitement caused by Indian affa-s, the momentary difference of opinion respecting the Moldavian elections has attracted no attention In England, and certainly there is nothing in the whole transaction calculated to wound the self love of the English nation. Lord Stratford and Baron Prokesch are the only persons who come second best out of the affair. If the English and French Governments were ever for a moment at variance on the question, it arose out of a misconception or mal-information. With respect to Jndia, the ConstitutiOnnd says, that " the London press accepted Parisian correspondences, which represent the French pcople as not only indifferent to the misfortunes that are desolating India, but almost joyous at a revolr whose results cannot yet be measured." An individual, writing from Paris, must base his opinion of the feelings of France less upon the conversation of the limited number of persons with whom he may daily come in contact than upon the general tone of the French press. No impartial person can deny that, with respect to the disasters ia India, this has been most sympathizing and friendly. Doubtless, if we were to search in the columns of some two or three papers, the organs of small cliques or factions, and vwhich are noted for their hatred of England, we might find exultation, ill-concealed or almost opeuly expressed, at the misfortunes of our Indian empire. But in those papers which may best be considered to express the feelings of large classes of the French nation nothing of the sort is to be traced. Some of them have exclaimed against the sweeping measures of vengeance advocated in England, but at the same time they have made allowance for the exasperation naturally excited by the atrocities of which every mail brings us the horrible record. Finally, with respect to the St. Helena medal " in several journals," says the Constitution.,id, and in The Times particularly, ve read letters where the denomination of ' St. Helena! is regarded as an Insult to England,". With due deference to the ¢ons utionnd it hua ea nothing of the sort in The Tim4a, but I am quite wiUing to attribute the miastatement to that imper. fect knowledge of our language too often evid4at when French papers discum the contents of English oneL The ConstiutAionne raust bo aware that the name of " St. Helena" has not boen well roceivel here, and that its good taste has beee questioned. just as the medal itself is considered by many a a piece of cdauvininme which might have beea dispensed with. It is unnoceaarj to recall events that bave become matters of history to prove that the denomination can in no way give offence to England nor be eon'idered as an insult put upon her. The objeetion to the medal, and more particularly to its name, can only be that it revives memories of a time when England and France entertained towards each other sentiments of a very diferent zature from thoie which now animate them. They were then embittered by a long and fierce strugglo; they nowr, after a much longer period of u'lut3rrupted peace, have loarnt to appreciate the advantage of a good understanding between near neighbours. That such an understanding may long endure is unquestionably the sincere wish of the English nation, and, I would gladly believe, of a vei g largo majotity of the French people. The pre3 of either countcy would do less than its duty if it d: not reflect this feeling; and if it allowcd some casu1r petulant effasion to alter the harmony that pr3vails. There ora no grounds for doubtin3, that the ConsutioWmn takes the same view of the matter, and in this belief we are justified by the following pasrages from the conclusion of its articlo:- " No politicl calculation cxn have presided at the cre. tion of a recompnse confesred on aU those survivors of tteir fatigues and wounds whom age has spared; it is the kmperor's heaxl alone that hrs spoken, and, when aigrlnD the decree that institutes the mcdr! of 8t. Helena, Hig Majesty thotght only of the joyof tbose old men whose 3lasysers Pre protected by hS enUghtened benevolenc . . St. Helena belongs to the past, and it is the men of the past who receive the medal of the 12th August It eannot Ie for. gotten In Tondon that England has herself torn the hidory of Longwood, by going with Franoe to combat in the EAst her former alliee as we also have accepted her regrets by haring with her the laurels of the Alms and of SebastopDl. A Government does not insult the nation that gave to her soldiers the Crimean medal; and, by bearing on their breast the effigy of Queen Victoria, the sons of the medalIUHts of St. Helena attest in a sufficiently utrlkong marner their oblivion of an unfortunate past." Little doubt appeara to be entertained of the trdth of the statement circulated yesterday, that Redschid Pasha is dismissed from his post of President of the Tanzimat. It has not yet, however, been positively confirmed. It has been said, pro. bably on no better grounds than conjecture, that his son, Djemll Bey, the present Turkish Ambassador at Paris, would share his father's disgrace. This rumour is contradicted to-day. D]jemil Bey is not a supporier of his father's policy, and there can be scarcely a doubt that he will remain here. Itthw even bcen stated that he has already received assurances from Constantinople to that effect Of this we await confirmation. A rwonciliation between Naples and the Westera Powers is spoken of as highly probable. The question, it is said, wiU be discuesed at the meeting of the Emperors at Stuttgard. Some months have elapsed since Prince Gortschakoff addressed a confidential circular on this subject to the representatives of Russia at foreign Courts, in which he ex:. pressed a wish that the disagreement should cease. The A rchimandrite Gurnri, the chief of the Russisan Yission at Pekin, which, apparently reisgious, is in reality political in its objects, appears to have lately had a serious difference with the Chinese Court. The position of the Russian Mismion was, for a moment, seriously menaced. The grand manceavres at Cha-ions of the entire body of troops assembled there were to comantence yesterdaly, the Emperor commanding in chief. Big Majesty has determined that the journal in which the operations of the troops are daily inscribed shall be published on the breaking up of the camp. It is reported here, with wrhat foundation I know not, that the English Government is about to open recruiting offices in several of the German Principalities, as well as in the United States, to raise reinforcements for its army in India. It Is not generaUy considered that the enlistment of foreiga troops was one of the most judicious of the measures adopted by our Government during the late war,and it has been quertioned whether, at the same outlay, a plentiful supply of recruits might not be obtaiued in Great Britain and Ireland, the money granted for recruiting expenses to foreign officers and agents being otherwise applied-a liberal bounty, that is to say,to the British volunteer. Should otur Government, - however, hold it absolutely necessary to seek soldiers in foreign countries, it would do weU to take care that the recruits are not accepted until after a rigorous examination by competent surgeons. An experienc^d medical man, -who saw a good deal of the German battalions at Scutax! the winter before last, assured me that many of the men, although not actually disqualified by disease or physical defects, were, by reason of a weakly constitution, or of the nature of their previous occupation, quite unfit for rough sservice in a trying climate-in short, that they would not have bceu pasted by the surgeons of an English recruiting dep4t. As they rever went nearer to tbe Ecene of a^tual warfare than the e)mfortable barracks of Scutari and Kululee, there was ro opportunity of testing their sthmina; but, obedient and good Eoldiers though they appeared to be, I suspect that Crimean fever would have found very numerous vict;mrs among them, and t'hat thus the survivors would have been much the most costly soldiers in our service. It has long been considered as certain that General Cavaignac will not take the oath of fidelity ne-. cesaary to eDable him to sit iu the Corps Legislatif. As regards MM. Goudchauxx aud Carnot, their re fusal is said to be less sure. r bear tbat their electors are apply;ng g.eat pre-sure to induce them to accept the indispensable preliminary. General Bodeau ha% addrc-sed from Spa a letter to the Ind6pendance of Bi asreJs relstive th come state. meits wb:ch were made at the trial which has just taken place at Oran. The qucstions wbich that trial has raised, by directing the attention of the public to the organization of the Arab bureaux and to the usages of the military govei,?ment of Algeria, have excited the susceptibility of the General for the reputation of his bretbren in arms and his own. Having exercised during 10 years high comm'auds in Algeria, and having been 1uve-stcI for some time with the Goveiaorship of the colory, the General speaks with a certain authority of what he has seex and done; and he bears testimony to the integrit and moderation of the French army iu the midst of a population wh;ch the Government of the Tark-s bad acoustomed to commit r,2d to suffer excesses of all kinds. The Siclde has the following observations on the treaty of commerce recently concluded betwceei Frane and Russia :-5 " The treaty, if exeoutcd with good faith on the part of Russia, is certainly calculated to create a real oomsnercial onmnexion. It enacts that there shaU be reciprocally uL and entire liberty of commerce aud navigation for the ves. sels and subjects of the high contracting parties In aR the port., of their respective dominions in which na-igatlon is at prs-ent, or may hereaft^r be, permnitted to the vesse', of any foreign nation. The French in Ruesi and the RugE. sians in France may reciprocally enter, travel, or xojourn at full liberty in any part whatsoever of the rcapective teiri. tories, to attend to theiraffairs, and they are toenjoy for theipersons and property thes2me protection and secouity as t natives; they are to have tbe power In towns and ports o hiring or possessiug such houses, -rarehouses, shops, andl1ma as they may require, without 'oeltn subjcotcd to taxe, enr ral or local, or obliattor, of any nature, ditseeaut froa those which are or riay be imposed on natives. in ti4, same mmner ther, are to enjoy in aommer aud mn=Ufl
FOREIGN INBNA1. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OWN OORP0OND. ,(A porUton of thO following appeared in our qond editioa of yesterdav :-1 BERLIN, SxrTf. 6 This place exh.Nits just now a very unwoated degree of excitement for this time of the year, aribing from two causes of two very different natures. Next week is to witness the opening of the conferences or meetings of Evangelical Christians from aU countries, at the invitatio of the Berlin Committee of the Evangelical Aa1inee; and also the grand manceuvres of the 4th Army Corps, to be held not far off, in the province of Saxony. The effect of the preparations for this latter is to give this cityfor the moment a most warlike appearance-that is to say,as far as the appearance produced by double the usual number of soldiers in the streets, regiments marching, and bands playing here and there, can be caled warlike. These manceuvres are to commence on Monday next, and will comprise all the evolution,s of an army in the presence of an enemy; they will as perfectly as possible exhibit a " mimicry of noble war," and doubtless, as far as the precision of the movements and the smart appearance of the troops go, there will be nothing left to be desired. On this occasion the manceuvres will be attended by the King, accompanied by the Queen and the variousRoyal PH.nces, and also by the King and Queen of Saxony, together with all the Princes of the various Saxon lines, as one of the solemnities to be observed on this occasion is to be the re-inauguration of a medim6val church on the Petersberg, near Halle, in which the bones of the original progenitors of the Saxon Kings and Princes stil lie. This churcb, which has for centuries lain in ruins, has lately been restored to its primeval style by the King of Prussia, who will also, on the 8th inst., inaugurate it again. The other event, which is exciting attention and is introducing some animation into the non-military circles of the population, is the approaching attempt on the pait of the Evangelical Alliance to bring together Christans of all denominations from different parts of the world to express their feelings of fraternal Christian charity in the stronghold of Lutheran exclusiveness and bureaucratic controL The visitors from other countries have as yet arrived in but spare numbers, as the first meeting is not to take place until Thursday next, but the local committee seems not only to have woke up itself, but also to be awakening others to a perception of the coming fact. At a sitting of this local committee last Thursday evening it was announced that the municipal authorities had voted a contributlon of 1,500 thalers towards the expenses necessarily to be incurred for the purposes of the conferences; on the other hand, private subscriptions have produced 1,158 thalers, an amount which, though small as it is in reality, is nevertheless large, considering the huke-warmness of the majority and the hostility of an indefatigable clique. The Princess of Prussia has also lately, sent in 15 ducats towards the expenses, while the Eing has contributed 200 Frledrichs d'or (1701.) to the same fund, with an intimation that, should the pecuniary contributions be found in the end to faU short, he will be ready to send in a further subecription. At the same meeting a translation was read by one of the Mines Adjutants of the address delivered a few monthg back to the King at Potsdam by a deputation of the English branch of the Evangelical AUmance, some passages of which had been greedily seized on here, asd misrepresented to the public at large as containing attacks upon parties and peraons in the Church here, sttaements which were totally unfounded. These circumstances having been brought to the Kinges knowledge, he has ordered the address to be translated and published, to the confusion of the opponents of the Evangelical Alliance. The opposition and hostility to this laudable exhibition of Christian charity contemplated by the EvangelicalAlliance have called forth not onlya weU - merited reproof from the General Superintendent (Bisbop) of Brandenburg, HofThan, but also a very distinct intimation of the King's feelings and intentions on this subject' at the hands of the Ober-Kirchenrath, or Supreme Consistory, by his comnmand. That the contents of this circular to aU the General Superintendents of the kingdom, and through them to the inferior clergy, might not be confined solely to the knowledge of clerical circles, the Preussische C(crrespo,denz has been instructed to inform its readers tbat:- "It Is with anxiety and indignation that the King has heard of the restles endeavours being made by certain clergymen and theologians to deter people from attending the meetings about to bh held here by the Evangelical Alliance with his per mission and approbation. Eis Majesty had therefore commanded the Ober-Kirchenrath to make known to all General Superintendents his determination rot to allow silence on hispart to be misrepresented as consent (to this oppositional movement), but that he was resolved to leave no opening for doubt on this point-viz., that he attached the most lively interest to this assembly, in which he hailed and welcomed a manifestation of Christian fraternal spirit is yet unexampled. and of the Providence that presides over the destinies of the Evangelical faith. While far from desiring to impose on any one an attendance at these meetings the King will as little conceal from every one ho* much importance he attaches to them, and what auspicious resrlts for the future prosperity of the Church he expects from them." The various members of the Ober-Kirchenrath are returning one by one from their pleasant travels to this (particularly just now) most unpleasant town, for the purpose of being present at the approaching meetings. It has, however, been resolved, at a sitting held a day or two back, that they shall, in conformity writh the wrhole spirit of the movement, attend solely as private individuals and not in their official character. A the most prominent and zealous of the opponents of the Evangelieal Alliance are just now, in common with everybody else not under the strong infiaence of duty obligations, absent from thls city, it may be confidently expected that they will select the most agreeable method of showing their disapprobation of the meetings by simply staying away from them at a distance from the heat, dust, and stench of Berlin. THE KINGDOM OF THE TWO SICIIS. (FRoM our OWN co sRsosDENr.) NAPLES, AuG. 27. The new Vice-Consul, Mr. Dupuis, has just arrived in Naples. He has undergone the oxaminations required by the new regulations of the Foreignoffice. He is supposed to be acquainted with the language of the country, to know French, and a great many other necessary branches of edacation. Of course he mnst be a gentleman, and the remuneration offered for this is 1001. a-year (it was formerly 501.), without any hopes of a pension for long service. But he may engage in trade-that is to say, the regular office hours being fro. 9 to 2, and business scarcely ever permitting him to leave before 4 o'clock, and his private hours being often occupied with writing for his office, he may employ the remainder of his waking hours and his savings from 1001. a-year in commerce. It sounds something like a comedy, or a suggestion from Mr. Panch. On the contrary, without making the slightest reference to the personale of any lecaion that has been established in Naples, the members of whicli have of course well and duly performed the several duties of their office- The salary of the Minister has amounted to £46500 Secretary of Legation ... ... ... ... 600 Paid Attache ... ... ... ., ... 350 £5,450 The salary of the Consul is ... ... .400 Allowaaco for house-rent ... ... 100 Vioe-Consul. . ... ... ... 00 .£600 It would be a breach. of truth to say that the duties of the legation are arduous-it would be an equal breach of truth to say that those of the consulate are not very arduous, and, if labour is to be the measure of payment, there is a vast disproportion between the remuneration of the two services. It is rendered still worse by the fact that the salaries of the legation are paid at par, while those of the consulate at the existing rate of exchange, which has.been ruinously low for two years. I have before drawn a comparison between the payments of the French and British Consulates, showing a considerable difference in favour of the former, while the duiies of the lotter are much pgater, in consequenc of the geater amount of British bippina-
XRE MUTINIES IN INDIA. I~~~ We conttutle to publish f'roni ie hiumerous letters forwarded to us by tho friends and relatives of officers in India such as contain any x,4w details or matter of particular interest. THE SIEGE OF DELHI. The following is a copy of a letter received from b:young solier, sergeant in the 60th Royal Rifles. Wo subjoin a copy of the battalion orders, &c., receiv,ed from him:- " Camp Guznee do Nuggur, June 3. "My dear i'.%ther,-We left Meerut on the 27th uIt. Our forcO was 400 rank and file, 24 sergeants, 12 buglers, and about 20 officers of our bs'ttalion, 200 troopers of the 6th Dragoon Guards, one battery and half a troop of Artilleryof all ranks under 1,000; arrived here on the morning of the 30th. At about 4 the same day the insurgentg took up a most capital position, about a aile from our camp, and commenced operations with some very heavy guns. My company, 'ID,' was ordered in advance, got under a wall, and returned the fire in first-rate order. I fired the first shot on our side. We remained under cover and unsupported for about half an hour, when the remainder of our boys catne up at the double, and our captain was ordered to charge the guns. Off we gaUoped. They sent several rounds of grape and cannister into us, but wo dodged them. As soon as we saw the explosion down we went flat on our faces, and up, off, and down again before we could say 'Jack Robinson.' We got up to the guns, drove the niggers to the devil, and thought we were all right, when off went their ammunition. They had put a, slow match to it. Our captain (J. Andrews) and four men were killed by the explosion, and several wounded. We captured the 24pounder siege gun and five others. Their field batterieg they took away. They next took up their positiou in front of a large walled village, and fought like devils. We drove them into the village and set fire to iL We were obliged afterwards to go through the fire and drive tbem out. At last we broke them. A small band, about 30, got together at the back of the vilage, and stood their ground tiUl the whole were kiled. They actuaUy crossed bayonets with ours, and met their death like Trojans. We returned to camp about 9 p.m. At 2 o'clock the next day they came out again, and fought the same battle over again. We drove them from their position, and that was alL They numbered about 6,000, vith a great many guns. Their cavalry charged our guns over and over again. Both men and officers who have fought side by side with them say they could not have imagined that any of the native troops could have fought so welL I had several very narrow escapes, but one particularly so. In the village I went into a hit; one of the gents was behind the door; as soon as I showed my nose he madcachop. Itwiggedhimintimetooka stop to rea., fired through the door, and cooked his goose. The officer commanding my company, Lieutenant Napier, the second day was shot in the leg, which has since been amputated. We expect to join the forces of the officiating Commander-in-Chief to-day or to-morrow. As soon as that takes place we're off for Delhi; no quarter to be given, as they give us none. We were obliged to shoot their wounded. They fought more desperately whenhurtthat when whole. We picked up several of our old rifles, which were lodged In the Delhi magazine. DelhiFort nowimountsupwards of 150 heavy guns and field pieces innumerable, ammunition, shot, and sheU in abundance, so that we may expect rather warm work. The Commander-in-Chief Anson died of cholera at Kurnaul about 10 days ago. General Barnard Is officiating. We have been reinforced this morning by 100 rank and file of ours from Meerut, and the Ghoorka Begiment (natives) from the hils, 600 men. On account of the diffi oulty in procuring carriage we could only bring one change of clothing, and no white outer clothing. We are wearing the same as we did on Chrlstmas-day, and what we have is a ragged as it canbe ; bolting through brambles and briars does not much improve one's outward appearanoe. Our greatest difficulty is in procuring water, and what we do get Is very bad. The river is so very muddy that we cannot possibly use it. In case of accidents I have written a letter, which you will only receive in the event of my getting a 'gooser.' My initials are on the ontside of the envelope. " I have waitten this squatting on the ground; we don't deal in tables, and I must leave off for a sleep, as we expect a row this evening. I enclose a copy of our battalion order after the actions, also a rough plan of the battle field. " Camp before Delhi, Juno 14. " No soldiers? letters have been sent from camp since I commenced this. We left Guznee de Nuggur atS p.m. on the 3d en route to join the he3d-guarters camp, and marchod 21 hours without halting more than 10 minutes at a time, through mountains and jungle ; joined head-quarters on the morning of the 6th, hAving made a circuit of 60 miles and upwards, nearly the whole road too steep and rugged for a billy-goat, the wbole force consisting of the 9th Lancers, two squadrons of 6th Dragoon Guards, two troops and a- half and one battery of Artillery, 21 siege gans and mortars. 60th Rifles, 75th Foot, 1st Bengal Europeans, four com panies 2d Bengal Europeans, the Ghoorkas, 100 Sappers, and 50 Irregular Horse. Commenced the march to Delhi at 2 a.m., distance 10 miles. At 4 p.m. we came upon a line of batteries of the enemy, which were served with the greatest precision. After three hours very hard fighting we drove them from their position with great loss. We ourselves lost considerably. The second shell fired by the enemy kiUed the Adjutant-General, Colonel Chester. The 75th lost about 70 men. Our regiment has been very fortunate, for since we joined headquasters the loss has been about six or eight killed and 20 to 55 wounded. Delhi lies in a hollov, surrounded on three sides by very high and steop walls ; on the fourth side is the river Jumna. After we got the gentlemen out of their first line they retired, disputing every inch of ground for eight miles; at the dxth we halted, had a drain of rum and a biscuit served out to us, rested for half-anhour, and then followt them up; In the meantime they had lined the tops of the hills. The Rifles wore ordered to advance in skirmishing order, which we did in fine style, and by an able flank momement, which does our commanders who planned it the greatest credit, we took possession of the whole range, captured the guns, and drove the enemy into the city. It was fine sport for our fellows. We kept behind the rocks as we advanced and all the niggers could see was the flash of our pieces. Our first point is to look out for cover-up a tree, behind a tree or rock, in a hole, or, in fact, anywhere where we can see without being seen. We took and shot two Europeans this day; one of them confessed that there were 10 more in the service of the King of Delhi. Captured 17 gans this day, with a very large store of ammunition, shot, &c. They came out in great force at 7 p.m. the same day and tried very hard to dislodge us, but it was ' no go.' They have been out six times since, driven back with great loss each time. They are getting reinforcements every day ; the 60th Native Infantry and 4th Native Regular Lancers joined them from the waterside the day before yesterdav at 2 n.m -A --A us as nglt a lit as we have had yet. Ifit had not been for a stratagem I think they would have taken our heavy guns and ammunition. Our colonel ordered us to hide just as it was getting dusk, and then he sounded the ' re'ire, the ' niggers,' who, of course, know our bugle sounds as well as we do, thinking that we had actually gone back, came up at the double in thousands, all of a mob. When about 20 yards distance it was 'I Up, boys, and at them.' They were greatly astonished, and cut their sticks as fast as they could. I have had a slight bayonet wound in the right side, and a ball through the sleeve of my jacket. The old soldiers who were at Mooltan, Goojerat, and other battles in. India, say that this far surpasses anything they have ever witnessed. " Our siege guns have been at work since the 9th, but as yet they have not displaced a brick. Our fire is anything but good, while the shots of the enemy are flying about our batt6ries like haiL "10 a.m.-A messenger has been sent from the Delhi artillerymen that if pardoned they will surrender. Of course, a favourable answer has been sent them. " June 17, "All quiet till this day. At 5 p.m. the whole of the force, pickets and guards excepted, proceeded by dif. ferent routes in two columns to attack and dislodge a bat. tery. Our comnpanies arrived first at the place, knockeddown the front gate, and rushed in in front of a very heavy fire frona behind wall, and then forced two other barricaded gates; about 10 of ours were ordered in, the rean being poteid outside the inner walls to shoot all who attempted to escape. W9s drovethem intoa oorner and shot 41, all that remained, the others having escaped by a gate which we had not guarded. " On the 19th the enemy were reinforced with one reglment of infantry and one troop of artillery. During the day their whole force made a wide circuit and got within a mile of the rear of our camp before they were discovered. The artillery and cavalry went out to check them; three companies of our battalion were the first infantry force on the field. After a very hard fight, which lasted till 10 p.m., we were obliged to retire for the night, owing to the darkness, tne 7 5th and one of our guns fired three rounds into our company. We had one officer killed, two wounded, and about 30 men killed and wounded. Some of tha wounded could not be found; they were picked np the next morning most horribly ntuuilated. Two of them' (one a married man 'with a large family), were skinned We went out tUo next m'srning (20th), but they retired after a heav3 ailBery ac'.iox. " The -etQ4 is -veTi hot. I bad 72 hours outpost duty on a plain., withonat i slghiest sbelter. 1 felt dunring the oay W ;aj - kaj iknon. s,e into my head, e - > the last day or two. i,oc bad a few deaths froid Cholb- oon ag they arrive w, men are expected in bouriT. . infox!mlt1O. eseault. We tried it once, but it wAg r no having beon given to the Rajah. " Our rations, with the exoeption of rum snd broso, very had-indeed, scarcely eatable. We got a gallon of rum to every 13 men, and sometimes a gallon to 10, with a pound of bread each man daily. We should be a long tlmie g^'ving on that. The rations cost, including the rum, five ann,--out 7d. per diem. " Informat;_ has just been received that the bridge of boats hu been burned, so that we re now entirely cut off "I am here hard up for paper, And can't buy any. "oF. ]K." The following are the battalion ordera:- Camp, Guznee de 7fuggur, June 2. glUCK A "The commanding offloer begs to return his best thanks to tbe officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers belonging to the battalion present with the field force for their gallant conduct in the action of the 30th and 31st ult., and also for the cheerfulness and fortitude with whlch they endured exposure for so many hours to the scorching rays of an Indian sun at midsummer, rendered as it wAs the more distressing by difficulty In procuring water. " It is with great regret the commanding offlcer haa to record the IcOS of Captain Andrewe, who, with four men, Fell at the head of his company on the first day by the explosion of ammunition waggons, and at the momert of his capture of the heavy guns of the insurgent forces. Six other non-commissioned officers and men fell on this day in the attack on the vwillage. cg On the second day one man only fell in action, but three non-commissioned officers and men were struck down by the excessive heat, and the commanding officer has further to regret the loss of the service of Ensign Napler, a gallant and promisng young ofricer, who was wounded on this day when forcing the enemy from a village, and who has since suffeted amputation of the leg. "Colonel Jones publishes the names of the non-commissioned offloers and men who fell in the performance of their duty. " Fell In Action on the 30th.-Sergeant W. MPherson, F company; Corporal T. O'Meagher, G company; Corporal J. Sherry, A company; Private A. Edmonds, D company; Private J. Gainty, D company; Private W. Tommison, D company; Private James Waring, F company; Private H. Armitage, H company; Private J. Scriven, A company; Private P. Quick, G company. " Since Dead of Wounds.-Corporal W. Dunlop, C comEany. " Died of Apoplexy on the Field on the 31st.-Sergeant R. Hackett, E company; Corporal J. Moore, I company; Prlvate P. Lehane, K company. "Killed in Action on the 31st.-Private J. Casey, D ompany. " Eighteen non-commissioned officers and men severely wounded. " Eight non-commissioned officers and men wounded." AGRA. The following letters are written by a lady:- " Agra, European Barracks, June 27. " U ntil there is certainty of your receiving our letter there is little use In writing any full accouts of the terriblo doings of the pnst fortnight; but God, in His infinite mercy, has spared al those dear to you. Our precious little - God, in His mercy, removed fiom us the very night (Satur. day the 13th, at 8 o'clock) before we had to fly from Gwa. lior. Poor little baby, it was a bitter gref to us to losa him, but we felt that God, in His great goodness, had taken him to HimEelf, and spsred him from suffering on the road as he could not htve lived. Oh, how he suffered, dear, dear little pet; he was so patient; but his lazt dsy was one of peace, and he passed away as if in a deep sleep-how different that peaeefnl scene to what followed on the follovr ing night. I must not lengthen this out, but only say tha' on Sunday the 14th, at 9 o'clock at night, all the troops at Gwalior broke out in open mutiny, burning the bungalows and sLaying every offlcer they could find. Many good, kind men were brutally murdered belore their wives. As it was mercifully ordained, J, after dear little D-'s death, went over to tbe M-'s house, which Is on the b&nlks of the river, and thence we aU escaped together, and fled to the city, and through the kindness of the M&harajah ourselves, with several others, found oar way into Agra, where we now are, all well, thenk God. We have lost everything we ever possessed, arriving bere with only the few torn clothes we had on us; many of us without even shoes or stockings. We are in the barracks, and, in case of Agra belng attacked, have the fort to fly to. We have great rea. son for thankfulness that our lives are sparedL It is ns use writing more, asyou may neversee this." "Fort Agra, July 15. ." . . . .,-As almost all the dAka are cut off, I am told it is useless sending home anybhing but a few linee, sj I must again be content with but a brief outline of what has occurred since I last wrote from the barracks. We are all well, thank God, bub we have had a great deal of discomfort and fatigue to go through since our arrival here. Some three days after the despatch of our last letters all the l,dles were warned to leave their rooms and take up their quarters in the fort, in the respective dens assigned for them there, but the gentlemen were still to remain in cantonments in case of an attack from the mutineers outside, who were supposed to be coUected in vast numbers near Agra. Well, we olsyed orders, and a few days after our arrival every spare nook In the fort was occupied, and one Sunday (the 5th) the European soldiers and militia were likewise sent in, at loast a few of them, the rest remaining on the plain with all the officers fit for duty, and at 12 o'clock that day, on news being received that the mutineers' force was within Si miles of Agra, the Brigadier determined on our few Eturopeans of the 3d and the militia going out to meet the enemy at once. There Pre numbers of officers here now, fugitives from the different stations, and, of course, they had also to attend. They met the enemy at 3 o'clock, and oh ! it was dreadful to hear the booming of the cannon and the incessant firing, which continued for upwards of three hours. You may well imagine the state of anxiety we were all in, knowing how many must have fallen during the action. Captain Campbell, who was on duty in the fort, took Mrs. Proc'or and myself to the flagstaff bastion, where we saw a great deal of what was passing below-not the action, bur the position of the enemy. At first news was brought that we had been quite victorious, but, alas I this wvs not true. Two of our tumbrils blew up, and for want of ammunition our men had to make a hasty retreat into the fort with the loss of 130 klled and wounded. Oh ! it was a sad sight to see the poor wounded men ooming into the fort. We could aU see distinctly the retreat of our troops. Then, immediately they were compeled to return, the released prisoners (some 4,000 in number), and aU the bad men in the dty, besides Sowars and Sepoys, commnenced burning the civil lines, and by 1 o'clock that morning the whole of the Agra cantonments and civil lines were in flames. It was a most appalling sight. P- and J- were, of course, in the action, and our feelings of thankful. ness can scaTcely be imagined when we saw them return in safety. Officers who had been present during almost all the battles in the Sutlej never remember being under heavier fidng. That night the enemy left Agra for Muttra, and are still hovering about this; but everything is prepared for a six months' sojourn here, and long before that we hope to have reinforcements of European troops. We are leading a very unsettled, ship-like kind of life; no one is allowed to leave the fort, except bodies of armed mer. We are living in a place they caU the ' Palace-yard ;' It is a square, with a gallery round it, with open arches. Every married couple are allowed two arches, but we have preferred throwing our quarters and the M-'s into one. Poor Mrr. proctor, whose husband was murdered before her in GwaUor, is also living with us. We have just room for our four rope charpoys and one or two smaJl tables, and find it no easy task to keep the place clean and tidy. We saw Mr. Bannerman for the first time yesterday. I can scarcely write, there is such a noise aU day long. When we can leave this none can tell and when we are able to leave it we have no houses to gS to, as there is scarcely a station standing in this part of India. We have received sad eceounts from Cawnpore; indeed, every place has witncssed the same fearful scenes of murder; except by the mercy of God not one of us could have escaped. If I possibly can, by the next opporiunity I must teU you of the Gwalor mutiny, but now it is impossi-I ble. Oh! how auxiously we are looking for tho arrival of more regiments. Delhi has not yet fallen. Our small army has been now one month before the city; and we hope daily to hear that our troops have entered it. l early every regiment that has mutinied has immediately started off for Delhi, so you may imagine what overwhelming forcea our few troops have had to contend with . . . . Would that I could see you; how much I have to say; the events of the last two months would take me a day to relate. The Gwalior regiments have not advanced on Agra, as we at first apprehended they would, but are busv fighting over the spoiL It is rather hard to think that we have lost evcrj thing we ever prized, and that nearly all tho people from the out stations are beggars. What I most regret are the daguerreotypes and pictures, letters, &o., and dear little D-'s pioture too- I have not one relio of him left onme, poor little oat. Mrs. Blake and Mrs. Coopland, Mrs. Kirk and M-ra. Hawkins are all living near us, poor thin5s; few have been tried as they have been. Tho Stewar"et I am sure, we often mentioned in our lette-s, they were both killed on that terrible night, txG 14th of last month, and their youngest child was c;A I jown by a Sowar. Poor little Charlotte, the eldest, P. aear U1iUa cqud, is lire in tho fort, under the caro of %t lY,d friends. News arnred last night that Indore hadl , o the nutiny it spreading furtber south. I cannot Wrif on netedly, there is such a noise, and onr minds have been s conused snd excited for such a long time Past that I find it dlfficult to write clearly. The news of the arrival pf the Chinforce at Calcutta reached us yesterday and cheered us ' good deal; in two months, it all goes right, they ought to be he ' t - The heat at times i reYery g and t he,av n f cur home comforts; eoiueaemes Ui6S nevAnit we have none - e left withot any one for two orAthree days, and ha to co. 'e and do everything for our,lves. We never reto C ayt ietaerk vid the only way for gentlemen toWhe r from tbelr wives OA the hill;is to for genlemen o hearfrom -o receives a large roward entyoit a letter to some beggar, . I pity all wiva g who if he can bring back a reply safely. pt0 riatymh' are absent from their husbandg just no. y d nok beer be dreadfuL You must not feel nxtous 1 roa do noB he$F regularly, as werevdr can tell how a week m p.pr u here, or when there may be an opportunity for s' 'e I know how anxious you must be, and knowthat your rd will be joined with ours that we may be zafely deliv, from tho dangers around u. I bopethis may reachyou'bhu fear it may not. I "Your affectionate sister, "P.S. Mr. Bannerman has saved your horee, but has3oet nearly everything else: The Kotah Contingent mutilied on the 4th, in Agra, Thoy tried to shoot their officerslbut failed. The Sergeant-Major was their only victim." ESCAPE OF OFFICERS ROM NEEMUCIg. Lieutenant-Colonel Luard presents his compliments to the editor of D7ve Times, and bega to send for publication an account of the escape of sev4r&l ofricers froun Neemuch, who may not havo .j'peared before as saved, and which will, no doubt, be satisfactory to their friends. Lieutenant-ColQnel Luard received the account from his son, who is a Lieutenant in the lat Bengal Cavalry, stationedj at Kairwarrah. Copy of Ensign Davenport's (12th Bombay Native Infantry) Account of the Mutiny at Neemuch on June 3. C "About a week before the mutiny I volunteered to do duty with the Gwallor Contingent (7th Infantry). I . as c dered to takle up my quarters in the fort, -where 4acdonald and I remained day and night with the right *ng (three companies). The left wing (fivo companies) was quartered in a vacant bospital some quarter of a mile distant frora the fort. On the night of the 3d Macdonald and I!Jay down in our clothes, but not to sleep, as wo had reaaol% to. uspect that all was not right. At half-put 11p.n. we Were aroused by the report of a gUn, which in a few miuntes was followed by another. This was the signal for the Zow so commence, and many moments had not passed when(we saw our houses blazing all round. Lieutenant Gurdon, ,ho was at the hospital with the left wing, under the command of Ilautenant Rose, also at the hospital, was aroused bS a subahdar taIling him that guns had been fired, and the fiBturbance coumenoed. Lieutenant Bose and ho cot thbAp oune 0 rne Icospital and marched them to join us in the fgrt. A shot was fired on the way to tho fort, it was said by a Sepoy, at Lieatenant Rose. When they had joined vauwo placed the men along the ramparts, served out ammuni*on. to them, and ordered them to load. They obeyed all our orders with apparent cheerfulness, and one and all swore to defend the place with their lives. I was placed to defend the gate, with a subabdar of nearly 50 years! service, 'wo European sergeant!, and 20 picked men. 'Weremained in a most anxious state of suspense for nearly four hours, during which time we saw cavalry men riding abont and thrusting lightod torcbes, placed at the end of lSng poles, into the thatch of the bungalows, when we heard 'he 72d Bengal Native Infantry, the Bengal Cavalry l nd Artllery, approaching. Just as theJ passed tho po tjcal agent's house, about 200 or 300 yards from )he fort, two more guns were fired. This was the signal for ?he Gwalior men to be up and doing. Immodiately on these guns being fired my old hero of 50 years' standing ord his picked and brave men to lower the gate, which I did my best to prevent, and for my peins received a gentle int4cation that if I did not hold my tongue and be quiet I sho ld be treated to a little cold steel in tho shape of a doze or so of bayonets. I then asked thom to lot me go and repSzrt progress to the major; this they granted. I made my greport, after which Macdonald, REOse, Gmrdon, and myself went among the men, who were assembled in the Courtyard fixing bayonets. Macdonald addressed the men to',u purpose. We thon trled to take away the colours, but thix they would not permit. They then took us outside tbe gate and told us to go, and on our hesitating said if she Bengal Infantry, Cavalry, and Artillery saw us we sbobld be murdered, and that they could not and would not trj to save us. We then went away. Macdonald and mysAlf. having lost our horses, had to wallk to Baree beyond Dubo, about 13 miles from Neemuch, where we met several oth&ers in the same plight as ourselves. We had not been tlsere long before the villagers in affright, it having been reported that the cavalry was after us, told us to take ourselves 4,.. where. We started from Baree about 1 p.m. on JunI 4, and after three hours' march under a broiling sun reached Chota Sadree. Here we got a little to eat and drinkl, Wd were joined by a large number of women and childaen. After about two hours' sty at this place we were sent azvay, our party now consisting of about 15 men, 6 women, and 10 children. We travelled all night, getting to Burra Satree at 6 am. of the 5th of June. We got nothing to eat thl 2 o'clock, and after partaking of some kind of stew got on our legs again, the villagers having served us with noticer to quit. We made a placo called Doogla beforo nightAll, and establishod ouraelves in a mud fort only 40 yards squire, within which we had a menagerie of men, wormen, children, bullocks, horses and camels, and verAtiu of every descriptian. On the fourth day of ny residence thereI was attacked by cholera. My recoAerr was almost a miracle. On tho 9th, Showers, having rocured an escert for us from the Eana of Ondepore, joined us. Our party now broke up, Showers going In pursnif of the mutineers with the greater number of officrs I Wras too unwell to go with them, so I accompaied the partj to Oudepore, which consisted of all the women and childrea and the foUowing officers:-Walker, Bengal ArtilUery; Lieutenant Rose and Ensign Davenport, Bombay Infantiy ; Lieutenant Gurdon, Bengal Infantry; and Drs, Clake, Cotes, and Gane. On our arrival at Ondepore, on the 1'2th of June, the Rana gave up one of his water palaces to 'u, and we lived there till the 22d, receiving every kindikess and attention from bis Majesty. On the 29d the wozmenx and children, Lieutenant Walker, Drs. Clarke and C6tes started for Mount Aboo; Lieutenant Gurdon, Ensign Davenport, and Dr. Gane went the same day with Dr. Annesly' with an escort furnished by the Rana, and arrived at Kkirwarrah in safety on the 24th of Juno." SEALKOTER The following letter is written by a clergyman The Fort, Sealkote, July 14. "On the morning of the 8th of July I rode to the Pbstoffice, where many of us assembled every day for tidngs. from Delhi The mail brought no news, but an order fiom Sir John Lawrence for me to join tho movable column: £ also received a friendly note from Mr. Jones, Assitint. Commissioner, to go out to Mr. Moncton's, Civil Service' to breakfast and dine at Ingls-house, Civil Lines. I did hcot go to breakfast, but returned to my bungalow, packed 'up, and arranged my affairs; settled everything as far as I ouald for my departure next day, which was to have been at 3 a.m., in company with a missionary and his wife and chsild (now, alas ! no more). With them I was to have gone asar as Goojeranwalls, and then to strike off for Umritsir. tAt 2 1 drove out to Moncton's, and dined, and when risinge to come away at 8 o'clock Jones said to me, 'You r not to return to-night; you must sleep here." I remonstrated, having yet so much to do. 'No matter, bere you must stay !' I ased why. 'The Brizadier has bound us to secresy.' Of course, I at once saw something was wrong, so settled to stay. It seems the 14th Regiment Native Infantry mutinied at Jhelum on the th, and fought four companies of the 24th Qneen's and wbre much cut up. Poor Spring was kiled and Elce danerously wounded. The Brigadier from the first hu mide% wonderful mistakes. He never disarmed the for§oc and for two months we have been as it were wa1tinB the pleasuro of these brutal devils to put us to deth. When the Brigadier beard of the mutiny at Jhehm, asnd of the escape of the survivors of the 14tb, be becms.e alermid, but not before, having miraculowdr maintaied eonSsleice in the Sepoys. When the danger was )it0d at I coull'no longer contain myself. 'The Brigbdier' policy bomu ih. first,' said I, ' was wrong. Ho had put too inuck faith, in the villains. He ought to have made a at*ca against all the Queen's beiDg tiess from uS by 14 authorities. Beforo they weaLt tbe Sepoys shoud have at least been disarmed. I was aware I said, he did scot approve, but that was not enough, ke raight to have made a stahd. And I now assert, and if he -ud I live shaU say it, that he alone will be anywhere reponsible for all the blood that, in my opinion, wiU beshed 'to-morrow.' After thinking And cooling down as became, I hope, my clerical character, I said to Jones, 'Good Go Av Lre the women and children to be butchered; aethe valuoable lives of God's creatures to be lost, lost without one word of caution I Must no hint be givenr CAunot 'they be brought away in the night to the fort T 'N i0 the smspiclons of the SepoTs wxe not to be raisod, aud he wishes all to be kept quiet.' " Oh! ay dcear wifo, I could fil sheets were I to teU you all the awful doings aUl around us. I remained and took my watch on guard from midnight to 3 am., when I was relieved by Mr. M'Mahon. About 4 o'clock a, WM&hoq roued xne-'Gct U t it h i ^
ALLATTrAnAT) TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, - am induced to ask you to publiah the enclosea letter, which is from Lieutenant Browin, Ron. East India Company's Artillery, to a brother officer in Calcutta, as but few of the incidents relating to the Alinhabad massacre have been published, and also because it has occurred to me that it is possible Nlajor Birch's friends have received no private letters detailing the circumstances of that officer's death, and may therefore be under the very natural apprehension that he was one of the many who have been deliberately tortured. It is evident, from IAeutenant Brown's letter such was not the case; and I think we may also infer that both Birch and my poor brother were killed almost instantaneously. By giving the enclosed, or part of it, a place in your columns, you will greatly oblige Your obedient mvirs-n A h. liIiNES. IeYon, ES8eX, Shit. 7. " My chief object iin wishng to have wfltten to you at all e*rlier date was to tell you of the ad ht4 of poor In, He i previous to the outbreak and mitiny of the 6th Regiment been ordered into the fort in hin ofiicial paedty of executive engineer, and he remained in It for about a week, when, what with the exoesive heat and hard work, he became unwrell applied for me to officiAte in his place, and got leave to return to his house in cantonmentS. He had lived there some days, and got better. I used to drive up almost daily to the office, which]was stll in his house, aud remained with him for some hours. He was daily recovering, and was in hopes of being soon able to regume worl, The last time I saw him he complained of feeling lonely, as that part of the station had been entr7 deo serted by Europeans, excepting himelf, and had arranged with Birch, the fort adj3ant, to sleep in his house, which was more centrally situated, and doubtless he had gone there on that fearful night, for both he and Birea started together along the road leading to the Ganges river, away from the station, so as to avoid having to come through that part of the cantonments where these reoels were in force, and keeping up a very sharp fr "Their intention evidently was to drop down th3 river in a boat and thus reach the fort, but In this they were frustrated, though it had amost bee acco plished. They had reached the river, were in the boat, and were just starting when, most unfortunately, they were recognized by a gnard of the 6th Regiment stationed there, and, sad to say, were both sho in the boat. I elung to the hope that poor Tnnes had escaped, but as day after day pased over without any tidings I could not but fear the worst, and in him we have to mourn the los of as fine a fellow as ever lived I grieve for him more than forany of the others who fell here, as I knew him better and esteemed him much. His house shared the fate of all the others, and the only single thing of al his property which I have succeeded in recognizing or recovering Is his Bible, which, though rather mangled, Is so far safe. . . . . Poor Innes, he was far too gallant a fellow to fall by the hands of such trewherous, cold-blooded villains TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Slr,-Iu your publication of this day you have, under the head " Ailahabad," been pleased to notice the sufferings and death of my gallant boy. Now, If you think sach noble conduct worthy of being handed down to posterity ia your paper, second to none in the world, with the name of the young martyr, you would alleviate the sufferings of an almost broken-hearted parent in notifying that his names wers "h Arkur Marcus Hill Cheek," and had he Ived to the day when the first intimation of his untimely fate appeared. in your publicatlon,-viz., on the 31st July last, he would have been 17. He only left England on the 20th March last, and soon after his arrival in Calcutta ws appointd to the 6th Bengal Native Infantry, stationed at Allahabad, which station he reached on the 19th May. He was my second son, my eldest ha&vng been in China for nearly the last five years In Her Majesty's ship Comus; and I am, Your faithful servant. OSWALD CHEEIK Town.olerk. Eve&h&=, SopL 5.
|HE LONDON AND ASTERAN BANKING COB I ~~~P ORATION. A petition has been presented to Vice-Chancellor Wood on behalf of Mr. Abel Stuart, of South-bank, Regent's. park, and Mr. George Duplex, of Toreugton-square, prsying that an order absounte may be granted for the dissolutlon of the London and Eastern Banking Corporation, and that its affain may be wound up Lnder the provisions of the JointP Stock Companies Winding-uzp Acts. The petitioners cite, among other reasons for the sid widing-up, the following :-That the bank was formed m 1o54; Ahat a deed of settlement was prepared on the 1st of September, 1854, settmg forth that Mr. Joseph Harris, of Frederick-place, London; Mr. James Gray William Curtis, of Thornitl Bray, Ireland, and Mr. Thomas Chadwick, of 26, Porchaster.terraoe, London, agreed with others to form the joint-stock bank in question, and that its capital shall be 500,0001. divided into share of 100. each, and with power to augment the same; and that each shazeholder has pald up SOt, on each said share. The peti- on to be allowed to form the company proceeds to state that the following 1shal be the first officers of the corapany-si., the Hlon. J. C. Erakine, Mr. R.L J. LAttey, , .J.C. Morris, Colonel Thomas Chadwick, Mfr Robert Grifil;h, and Mr. John Edward Stephens shall be the first directors; and that Wr. James E. Coleman, and Mr. George Edward Lyons shall be the first auditors of the company. Having referred to the conditions on which the bank was proposed to be fornied, the following are cited : " The books relating to the general affairs of the company shall be balanced 30 days at leIat before each ordinary general meeting, and forthwith on the books being so balanced an exact report and balance-sheet sh be made up, which shall exhibit a true statement of the capital, stcok, credits, and property of every desoription belonging to the company, and the debts due by the company at the date of making sach balance-sheet, and a distinct view of the profit or loss which shall have arisen on the transations of the company in the course of the preceding year; and previously to each ordinazyeneral meeting such report and balance-sheet shall be exam ed by the direotors, or any three of their number and shall be signed by the chairman of the directors, and shaU thereupona be recorded in the bvooks of the company. ' Whenever a lo of at least 25 per centum on the caital for the time being paid up has been sustained It shall be incumbent on the directors to summon an extraordinary general meeting, to oonsider the propriety of dissolving the company, and any meeting eo summoned may come to a resolution to dissolve the company, and the same shall thereupaon be dissolved in all respeots as Is provided by the nex-t clause. "' Whenever a loss of st least 75 per centum on the subscribed capita for the time being of the company has been sustained It shall be incumbent on the directors, and in their default for 21 days after notice given to them so to do it shall be lawfal for any one shareholder to summon an extraordinary general meeting for the dissolution of the company, and the dissolution of the comran by such meeting, or by any meeting at whiof it shall appear that a loss of 75 per centuam on the subscribed capital sall have been incurred,aIall be valid and effeotual, without the confirmation of any second or other general meeting, and although the number of shareholders required by any regulation of the company, either for the resolvint on a dissolution or as the quorum of a geiieral meeting, shal not have been present. "That numerous persons applied for shares in the said comnpany to whom the same were allotted, and in respect whereof they exeocuted the said deed of settlement and paid the fixst insaWlment of 50M. per share thereon, to the amount in the aggregate of 250,0001 " That a sufficient amount of the capithl of the sald comn pany for that purpose havinobeen subscribed, the said assoCiation or companyap pled for and obtained a charter of incorporation, but suh charter contains no limitation of the hlability of the shareholders in the said company to the proportion of capital subscribed for by them respectively. "That the said company commenced business in or about the year 1854, and establshed a head office at No. 27, Cannon-street, in the city of London, and branch offices at the following places :-An Eastern branch at No. 44, Marklane, London; a Hyde Park branch at No. 136, West. bourne- terrace, Hyde Park; a Western branch, at No. 20, Pall-mall, St. James's-street; a Calcutta branch, at Couravl. house-street, Calcutta; and a Bombay branch at Church. "The directors of the said compay were-the Hon. Cadwallader Erakine, chairman; John Carnac Morris, deputy chairman; Colonel Chadwick. 3fz. Hlenry Fendall, Ar. John Edward Stephens, and Colonel William Petre "That the said John Edward Stephens was also the "That very shortly after the said company had commenced business the directors commenced making advances out of the p aid-up capital of the said company to each other on insuffcient or without any security other than personal, and at a rate of interest considerably lower than would and ought to have been obtained for such advances, had the same been made to persons unoonnected with the said directors and in the ordinary and proper conduct of the business of the saie bank,. and amnong others the said John Carnac Morris, John Edlward Stephtens, and Colonel Waugh. The directors advanced and lent to Colonel Waugh the sum of 237,0001. upon security of a nature and value wholly in. sufficient to warrant such an advance, even if made bond fide to a strauger, and upon the realization of such security a loss to the amount of 100,000. and upwards, or some other very considerable loss, will in all probability arise. at the said Colonel Waugh has since the stopp ae of the business of the said banking company become ban&. rupt. " That the mode in which such advances had been made and the capital of the company dealt with by the directors was wholy conealed by them from the shareholders until after the failure of the said company, and, although they continued to hold meetings of the shareholders no mention whatever was made in any of their accounts or stsements that the company was in any other than a flourishing condition ; and that its paid-up capital was invested upon good and sufficient security. "That the first annual meeting of shareholders in the said company was held on the 31st of July, 1856, when a report was presented by the directors, with the account of assets and Uabilties ; bxut neither inL the statement of assets nor in the said report is there any mention made of the advances made to the said directors. At this meetin Colonel Chadwick and mr. John Edward Stephens retire from the direction, and Colonel E. R. W. Wingfield Yates and Robert John Lattey, who was one of the auditors of the said company, were appointed directors in their sead. That the directors. according to the providons of the said statute, ptblished In the LOd71R Gaze# a monthly statement of assets and liabilities, and the last monthly statement which they published of the assets and liabilities of the said company, on the 27th of Febrary, 1857, dated from the head office ii Carnon-street and signed by thesaid John Edward Stephens, manager, and among the assets is the following item :-' East Indi; and Government securities, bills of exchange, Treasury and agencUraughts, credits, discounts, and cash in hand, "- That such item was delusive and untrue, inasmuch as therein was included the advances made to the said Colonel Waugh, then amounting to 237,000L, which absorbed nearly the whole of the paid-up capital of the company, and -which security the directors then well knew was not only insufficient, but not immediately available even to the extent of its sufficiency, and it included also the advances made to the said John Carnao Morris and the saldJohn Edward Stephens, the manlger, " That in less than. a month after the publica. tion of the said statement the business of the company as bankers stopped, and a meeting of the Wmcare holders was calld and heY -- tle 25th of Maroi. 1857, at which meeting the shsr-ic!eer were for ths firs, time made awaro of the alarming pogition of their affisin and tat th liabilitieaofAhe mid .ompany over and Above t safts expected to be realized exceeded 240,000t., and tha, not only wras the capital paid up of 501. on each share loot,t ethat itwould require at least the remaining 50. per iarehto be paid up by the sharebolders, who were all espoibe for the full amount of the total bilitie of the said oompany. eh twaapropadtion made and auented to by some of the siro that promissory notes should be given for the remaing 50?. per sare, payable at 12 months' date, and tht arrangements ahold be made with the Oriental Bank for a transfer of the Indian asset. and liabilities of the sid company, guaranteed by the personal security of shareholders, to be approved by the said Oriental Bank. "That your petitioners arc duly Tegistered aharcholders In the said company and oontributors thereof, and upon the discovery of this conduct upon the part of the directors ceased to have any confidencoe in them or their maageement, and declined to give any such promissory notes, although your petitioners have heard that some of the shareholdera o dio. "That in consequenoe of snch refusal on the part of the disentient shareholders to give such promisory notes, the director, althouh the sid company had virtuAlly ceased to exist, and aseuming to act under the power of the maid deed of settlement, made *call in the month of Aprl 1857, f 1Q per share and on the 10th of AprI issued ad sent toyo peitioners the following circular letter announcing 1'odn April . °11 55 9. i SFt -I hereby give you notice that ft directors of the Londn rnd eNe;m Banking Oorporatlohare made a call of £1e on tb. nat of £100 into which the catptal of the coam y ns id ad ueb casa thren hor tbe Lsv do wivm thtschcl basen made payable onL the 24t day ofAprIllo at theoboe of the Oriental Bank OorSoration, e eelineI th cy o r ondo; and ebygiyou p otce that if thaes am ofthesaldmil onbr two share. eld byyou is not psiLt the tme an d plamLtohe. dntereat at the rA o per et m annum Wjl be charge t057 ffour the dar aforefld 'IIam. Sir. youtr obedient inevat, IIo be I OHARLZB J. E. 8TLWAR-T, Intrai- Manager. T S t belout,E.q., MLD. N. .B. The directnr intmate for the conveninene ot the aharehoklder that frther cells sil be made at the re-lode provided by the deedof abtiement to realize the eatW= of the tcompey h - That your petitioners for the reaons aforeed declined topaysucth call, orlmaversany payment of maoney to be "That the directorsJproceeded in the mouth of July, 187,tomkeantercal f1u. e sar,and on the 16th ofTJuly,a , your petitners rieeivd i the following cir- "London, July15. 1837. dr.-I hereby ete ou p tce that hem directors of the landon and ern Banking t op n or ton ave made a Call of £15 on the shamec of Ct Into whiobth he capdtal of this company La diide and that moe cll hebeen made payable on the da of Augof neth at the offire of the Orientl Bank Corporaton. Threadnee0dle-treet, in the city of London; and I hereby give, ecotuce that it the amount ot the mid caL on the two abam d bois not paid the time and place aforeieid, Interet at the rste of 5 Per cet, per annum win be chbeed tason from the day aforeuld untcu ptymmct ibton btiedO fobm ith ehodesnnertepo J. IrHTLWAT, lte.m Mangagr. v N.40f the Joireetors ;e fompanis Wiovendins of the sbAre- that further cso will he mdes at the perods prorided by the deed of Settlement tozeie the capital of the oompany.' n eThat youretitioners stil decining to make any payment to the said directors, your petitioner, Abel Stuart received, on or about the 8th day of August, 1857, the folow. log letter from aessra. Oliverson, lfevi, and Pseaney, the soctors of the said corporation he *1 Slr.-We beg to refer to a leVTte we addreneil yea under date of thellth of May ast on behalf of the London and ZheernBnklng Corpaaton sg one tha e few shwaeholdenwers o ad not yet given thei promssoynoeg.That nCotienot havngbeen attended lowe begto Lurolderso tbat the corporaeon have l6OmIctad us to take the oee.- Nary proceedings to enforce the payrent of the casisn arr against thae p-egte.who harenot ,ieatbelzpromluory note. We beg tohea from You bforedWer sofat t whether or not the liPrsomlo note WIe affairs byhezeou my be albeady had the form, or, If not, it will be suppl a ieod delay. purp se or tha Si.your Lobofpdkll berplasedto ak "Dr. Abel Stuast M.D.' I'.,. A;zs-place. X.C. Aug.?7. "That your petitioners believe it is the intention of the said directors to proceed to enforce payment of the said cals against them and to mayke ald enforce other calls "That your petitioners, even if wiing to make such pay. mnents have no means of obtazin a releae from liability except by the dissolution of the sa cmpany, andl the ins! winding up of its affair by and under the direction of this ho Conaurt. "That your petiioners believe that the directiors in the conduct of the affairs of the said company have committed great irregularities and that if the accounts of the company were prperly taken by this hon. Court gret benefit would result o ethe sbareholders. "That your petitioners are advised end believe that the assets of the sad compty can only be fairly and properly realivedtheaocounts ol the compay taken, and proper contributions obtained from the shrholders under the pro. visons of the Joint-tock Comapanies Winding.up Acts 184 and 1849. "1That under the circmsatances aforesaid the directors ar nkot proper parties to have any onutrol over or interference In the taking the accunts and winding up the affairs of the said comp any, and ought not to be at liberty to put in force any of the powers or authorities of the sad deedl of settlemaent or charter. T1hat yoursptitioner, believe that the said company hag iaot beenformal Ydissolvedlunder the provisionsof thesaidd deed of settlement and charter. "IThat various questions wfil arlse in the winding-up the affairs of the said comapany which can only be settleid under 'he provisions of the said loint-Stock Companie Windingup ecis, and that it will be for the interest of the shareholders that the same should be so woune up. "htYour petitioners therefore humbly pray -your Lordasbip tat an ordier abgoluLte miay be made for the dissolution of the saLid London and Easterni Banking Corporation, and that the affairs thereofrmay be wound up under the provisions of the Joint-Stock Companies Winding-u p Acts 184 and 1849, and that proper directions may le given for that purpose, or that your Lordship will be Pleased to make such further or other order as~ the circumstances o-f the case my require, and to your Lordship may seem mneet. "Ad your petitioners wil everpry &c." "In, the matter of the Joint-Stok omanies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849, and of the London and Eastern BankinDg Corporation, "1We, Abel Stusrt and George Duplex, the petitioners In the above written petition, severally makeo oath and say, that so much of the above written p3etition as relates to our and each of our own acts and deeds is truxe, and so much thereof as relates to the acts and deeds of any othier persn we and each of us believe to be truLe." The Vice-Chancellor Page Wood has fixed the 21st kist. for theaponm t of an official liquidator.
TO THE BDITOR OF THE TIME& Sir,-Allow me to cOntrat a statement, copled from tbe Preemna7' J.ou2%d Into your paper of this day, respect. ing some emigrant girls sent out by my brother, Mr. Vero Foster, to New York. Instead of 100 being seduced by the sailors, only 13 of them were persuaded to remain in New Yor'c, contrary to my brother's advice; 94 followed him into the interior of the country, wbere they were every one provided with situations, and 13 more joined their own relation I have written to the editor of the .i'reem4n's Journc2 to beg him to contradict the sbatement,but as that paper is seen by,but few people in this cOuntry I should be greatly obliged ir yon would contradict it in your own. Your most obedient servan,t FREDnRCK FOSTE. I Y WIMleiion, ~ 3pt 7
IEE DlAs.-SoUT AMroN, September 7.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Euxino, Captain J. Weeks, sailed to-day for Vigo, Oporto, Ca and Gibraltar, with the Penincua dal, ul zag ,ad specie value 34,2521. for Cadiz. She also takes out 54 first and 21 second-elass pasengers, among whom are Mr. Justice Haliburton, Mr. W. . Lindsay,M XP., and Baroness LMxo, for Lisbon; Commodore Brooks (Peninsular and Oriental Compau3j, Captain Snow, and Dr. Dempsey, for Gibraltar. The Vanguard paddlewheel steamship, Captain Ward, sailed to-day for Marseilles, to run between that port and Malta with tne overland portion of the Asntralian mails. The steamelip Tamar belonging to the Royal Mall Company, which has Just made such an unprecedented run home from the Brazus, is appointed to leave on Saturday next for Alexandria, with the outward mails for Australia New Zealand, &c. The Avon with the Brazilian mails, and the Axial, with the american malas, leave on Wednesday, the 9th inst. The next homeward mail ships due here are the Tagus, from the Peninsular ports, on the 14th- the Atrato, from the West Indies, on the 16th; the North htar, from New York, on the 17th; and the Colombo, from Alexandria, with the India and China mail, on the 20th. The Bishop of Glocester and Bristol has issued a circular to the clergy of his diocess recommending them to offer special prayers for all who are in peril, sorrow, or suffering from the rebellion in India, and also for tbe preservation of our fellow countrymen and women in the MAr. W. IL. Gore Langton, M.P. for Bristol, has transmitted a donation of 504 to Mr. John Vining, mayor of that city, on account of the fund now being raised for the relief of tne sufferers by the mutinies in India. AN AposTBoPHzWo EEIGHT THousANDPotNDS. -Monsieur de h- died on the 27th of February last, leaving a will, entirely in his own handwriting, which he concludes thus:-"And to testify my affection for my nephews Charles and Henri de hf-, I bequeath to each d'eux (i.e., of them) (or dcz, ie., two) hundred thounsand francs." The paper was folded before the ink was dry, and the writing in blotted in many plAces. The legatees assert that the apostrophe is one of those blots; but the heir-at-law, a legitimate son of the defunct, main tains, on the contrary, that the apostrophe is intentional. It will be curious to watch the result of the contest-ZXafional Mfagazine. threutoth oet.2'. T1ii SLAVE TRADE INu OuBA.-The daxve trade flourishes amazingly. I have heard of four or five cargoee of Beozal negroes having been landed dnce I last wrote you. The last but one, beyond Trinidad de Cuba, 600 in number, has been seized by Brigadier Morales de Rada, who happened to be in that vicinity, and who also made prisoners of all the parties concerned in the landing. They, with the Africans, are now on their way to this city. This certainly has the appearance of an attempt to put a stop to the African slave trade. The lst cargo of Bonls was landed on a quay near Santa Crtx. It hid been found impossible to effect their landing without detection on the main land of this island, and so they were landed on the quay. There Is an improbable report that the steamship Pajaro del Oceano (Ocean Bird), now in this harbour, is being fitted up for a trip to the African coast. She would carry from 1,400 to 1,600 negroes and with her unrivalled speed could bid defiance to any British cruiser afloat. Three more American vessels have been sold to the Spaniards, and will mo t probably be employed in the slave trade. Two have alreauy sailed with a "sea letter," under the United States' fl.-Louisfana Courier. ORYSTrA PXACA -ONE S I;LI1G DAY, Monday, Sept. 7-Admnissions on payment, 20,'249; ditto, by seasonL tickets, 897. Total visitors. 21,146. SouT KENSIGTON Musxuae.-During the week endng Sept. 5 the visitors have been as follows:-Oa Mon. dy, Tuesday, and Saturday, free days, 3,566; on Monday and Tuesday, free evenings, 6,015. On the three students' ldDays (admissio0n to tOhe publicOd)330; one studente even-
WAR SHIPS FOR INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIM. Sir,-1 was glad to observe in your number of thIS date a letter, signed " Elphinstone," urging upon our Go(ve. mnent the propriety of employing some of our large " lin. cf-battle sbip." as tranrport for troops to Jndia. The same -Uggetion hs beenao frequently and eo fruitlesly sde by others as wll ag himslf thatxleyou yourself adopt it Ls a principle which niut be put iatoprAo. tices he, in common with others, will find the hopelessnee of his ur'encies. Sir C. Napier and Sir De Ia4y Evans have both, with otbers in the House, endeavouredto estublish the propriety of this view in the present as in similar ocjume. tures, but in vain. There lie the ships in question idly rotting at their moorings, when the nation would rejoioe to se them so employed, and it is imposible to accept 2 sound or even reazonable the arguments put forth by our "-utho. rities" for their opposition to the proposL It ig only neoesay to inquire the expenee of hiring the trAnsport for the present servioe in order to satisfy thoe who are led AWay by the £. s. d. view of the subject that the men-f. war might be the more economica, if the advantges of so employing them were confined to that one point; but to Lave them employed at all in carrying troops to India is the main object to estblish, ana thus liberate for tbdr more legitimate objects of commerce and packet arrange. ment all those ships which are now diverted from their ordinary pursuits. Your correspondent propos taking the thredeokers for his purpose, cutting off the upper dock, fitting them with a small screw powcr. Does be ber in mind the kength f time this plan would waste ? We want immediate aervioee His proposl is excellent in some respecte, to convert uelgs ling throedockers into really srviosable transport, and it ought to be adopted. But for present emergences wo -ught to work with the means at our hands. We shAU shortly require transports to remove troops from our colonies to India snd Mltia to our colonies. Must we still lire while we bAve better ways of accomplishing our ends ? I would glly again urge upon you this sheme :-Let some of our twodeck ships be immediately put into commission to act as trsnsportA for the present, to be armod afterwards, if the necesi2ty arises. Let thee ships have reduced masts and spars, with a crew of one commander, three lieutennts, three mates, a master, and l50 men-quite enough to navigate such a ship; then remove half the boilers, so as to give stowage and prevent an over ue of steam, and you would have the troops most oomfortably placed, mad an additicnal number of ofricers and seamen in the servioe improving their aoquaintanoo with their duties, forming an excellent nucleus for a further augmentation, if lrcumn stances should arise to require our attention In other quarters. Your correspondent, in proposing a creW of 300 men for his uggestionrs at onoe opens the door fsr the objectlon that it im more costly to convoy troops in such amner than by hiring transports Hoping you will consider the subject, and give us your aid in endeavouring to carry it out, I remain, Sir, Your obedient servant. w. HEwmTT. "Outenazt-colouel. Wh-chester, Sept. 4
SHE HINDOO CASTIS IN INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI[EM. Sir,-The followiDg brief account of the EHindoo castes, taken from Mil's Histmy of India, may not at this time be uncoeptable to many of your readers who may have no opportunity of redinbg thst voluminous work. I moust observe that Mill hiefly quotes from the Hindoo Code of -fenu, and always states in the mrgin the chapter from which he takes his statement:_ Although in Hindostan there are many descendants of the Mogul Tartas, by whom India was conquerod many yea ago, and who by religion are Mahomrnedans, the population principally consists of Hlndoos, andc thewe by their religion are divided into four separate eastes or clssses,-I, The Brahmins, orprlests; 2, The hstriyas, or militry class; 3, The Vaisyas, or tradesmen and farmers; 4, The Sudras, or labourers 1st, the Brahmins have aoquired and rnintained a most extensive and powerful authonty over the other castes. Acoording to their " Vedas," or sacred bools, " as rent a distance as there is between the deity and the Brahinin so great is the distnee between the Brahmin and the rest of mankind." The sacred books are exclusively his. He i lord of all other classes. The first duty of all magrtrate whether supreme or subordinate, is to honour the Brahmins, and the slightest dlsrespewt to one of this sereod class is the most atrocious of crimes. For contumelious lan-uage to a Brahmin a Sudra must have an iron spike 10 lingers long thrust into his mouth. From his high birth alone a Brahmin is an object of veneration to delties, and if any man, even of the upper castes, should strike a Brahmin though even with a blade of grass, or overpower him In an argument, he mnust soothe him by falling prostrate. A priest who knows the Iaw need not complin to the King, for by his ovn power he may chastise those who Injure him, He may use powerful charrs, for speech Is the weapon of a Brahmin with which he may destroy his oppressors, Let not the King provoke Braihmins to anger, forthey, If enraged, can destroy him. A Brahmin, whether learned or ignoraut, is a powerful divinity; and, though they are oocupied In mean occupations, they must be honoured, for they are divine. A Kng shaU not day a Brahmin though gully of all possible crimes. Let himbanish the offender frorM his realm, but with his property secure and his body unhurt, A King must not take a tax from a Brahmin learned In the Vedas; and It is an essential part of expiation and saifice to present gifts to Brahliins. They are so much superior to a King that the mesnest Brahmin would ac. count himself pollutsd by eating with him, if not of the same caste or religion. Their proper business is to read the Vedas, and to teach them to the younger Brahmins, and to ,prform religious exercises aud sacrifices. The 2d class, or Cshatriyas, become soldiers when they can obtain such employment. The 3d, Vaisyas, are employed as merchants, or in tendingcattle or cultivating the soil. ' he4th Sudras, are employed In servile labour, and are as much die objeots of contempt as the Brahmins are of veneration to the castes above them. If this class ommit crimes they are more severely punished than delinquents in the upper eastes, and a Brahmin may at any time compel nhem to perform for him any kind of servile lbour, since they were created for the purpose of serving Brahmins. No Sadra may accumulate wealth, even if he has the means of doing so, for a servile man who accumulates wealth gives pain to the Brahmins; a Brahmin may at any time taske the goods of his Sudra servant, for such servant can have no property. Adultery between a Sadra and a woman of higher caste is expiated by burning to death, on a bed of iron; nor is the Sudra in a better condition with rospect toafature-state. "ForaBrahmin must no' reod the Veas in the pre^ence of a Sudra."' "Let not a Brahmin give advioe to a Sudra, nor what remains from his table. Let him not give spiritual counsel to a Sudra, or inform him of the legal expiation for his sin. Surely he who declares the law to a servile man, or who instructs him in the means of expiating sin, sinks with that man into the heU called 'Assmvrita."' Although ezch class was bound by religion to adhere to the particular employment assigned to it, the upper classes might in cases of necessity adopt the employment of the classes below them. Thus a Brahmin, when he is not employed in his own proper business, may become a soldier or a tradesman, but must never engage in the servile occutpations of a Sudra. Thus a Brahmin has open to him aU the occupations of the respectable classes, and can overload them in seasons of distress. He may enlist into the armies, or engage in traffic and merchandise. But, although the Hindoos are by their laws divided into four castes only, and the different castes are only pormitted to marry in their own, yet irreguiaritiea take placo, and children are born who belong to no classs; such children are deemed infamous, on account of the violation of the Sacred laws which gave occadon to their birth; but, although they are all regarded with contempt and abhorrence, they are divided into no less than 36 different branches the highest Is the offspring of a Brahmin and a woman of tie seeondclass; and the lowest is the offspring of a Sudra and a woman of the snared class. These last are called " bandalas. Nothing can exceed the degradation to which they are subjoted; they are condemned to live in a sequestered pvace by themselves, lest they should poUlte the very town wn which they reside, and if they meet a man of the higher castes they must turn out of the 'way, lest he sholad be contarninated by their uresence. Mr. MWil, in conelaslon of the chapter from which the above account is taken, observes:-" So inconsistent with the laws of human welfaro are the institutions it the Hindoo ancient book that they never could have been observed with accuracy " and adds, " That the only wonder is that the state of society which the Hindoos now exhibit should hold so great a resemblance to that which is depictod in their books. It is not surprising that the Brshmins should view with hostility any attempis to introduce Christianity into their nation, which wrould at once strip them of all their preposterous claims to superiority; and it is most surprising tha' men of ordinary common sense should attempt to establish and consolidate their authority bT pampering the prejudices of such a class, instead of elevating the classes below them, who would naturally look to European rulers for defence and protection from oppression. I am. Sir tour vnll;An .- A: P. EAsT BRExT.-A harvest home was celobrated by a monster gatherinR at East Brent on Thus. day last, when some thousand persons rere plenti. fully regaled by the chnrchwardeng and yeomen of the parish. Archdeacon Denison, the vicar, preaohed an admirable sermon in the moring, and headed a processlon from the church door to the dinner tent. He was snpported by many of the clergy and* gentry of the neighbourhood, aDd was toasted with then lveliest demon-Z stratio of goodwil and affection. n excelent band t tended, to rhich the lad3 and lasses of Es Brent danged 'till alate hour in the pleasant meadowrs surroending the
I SPOBTING INTELrGENCE. TATTER&LLus. Mnii- Settlng on the Gvent8 of the pat week clle(y engrued a%ontlon during the early pert of the fernoon; san xpe. ladto, which was eventually resumed, wag merked by no overment of importano. For the St Leger both Blink onay and Ignoramus were vry fim; 6 to 4 wrgff e4o. on the field, ald repeated ofrers were aad b te 63b40 abont the maro; 600 to 400 was taken onos An pe reTr 2 to 1 would have been taken eprlyatout iU. lWdolws atredbarthremj," F}crthbeaCtiW Inj to 40 waaofferd on the feld. bleoitdulngueibor ing Astcr aud the Plush colt were the le&adng f&vbtds, 25 to 1 beingt ken about eah. At " the Cotner," ow. ever, they were not in gret requt. Apathy was Prhapi In mnoet demeDd; 1,000 to 30 was t*eW very freely abomt him, which price was not obtainable at the cdeo. Nothing wadoneo the Derby worth quotation. Closing prie- GXXXT YoiCrgn= HA2%tLWr. S to 1 5V45f -rB . W.Bxk.y' Omaa. t- 1- Lord Cnifdet's YMa. 6 - 1 - Mr. JL Ivea nobgob. (offend). 00- 7- Mr. A. 3Ntwmrapale.D St La:oaa * to * aYrM. W. l'Ae'a' BUnZk Roay ttae o lSterd) 2- 1-Ic L Xt Mlto,sooramue (taken w offend 9 - 1- Mr, J7. S. I)oeadas ?roaomut (taken 23- 1-llr. SiatbesO won (haiceao4eed). 25- I-h. r. P 8@ OoUs^. 40- 1 - Wr B . RilkteWe nE BD 40- I- z. MOUh's Adua OX -rrAWZcx STAXJcS 5 Os 1 egt Duke oC B3ord's Aeter, 3, Sat. Sib. l5- I Kr= PanDe Oott by Aiar-PIu0h, 3 yr Sat 7n 30- 1- ICr. Oves A_-ty, S W, 10b. q33 to I a_ btre*). 33- I - r. A- xIeowm Bebtje, I s met. Wb. 33- l- r,T.llt'uS ss b. '0- 1- Yr. 8. Wi--as c-lt by I fraoq-X1oWs dse. 3 Get. 41b. 40- 1 _Lor W. Powe%,s MerUnet. S ye St S la- 1- Cpin OhAti's ICeIA, 4 , MT lb. 0- 1-Mr. L VeD Brotek Pryo , 5 yrs, T b 50- I-Lrd XxeOsTarbit, 3 ye 7,. 10 - I - . Morla'e AttU by, 4 Jrs, Tt. OAXM r, J, Dn1x STAMM. 30 lo 1 at Mr. J. Dixon'. Dahboyna, 3 yrz 5et. lOr
FALL OF TWO HOUSES NHAR BISHOPSGftE.g About a quarter pIt 12 o'clock oa - da_ y night n alarming accident tooc place inanarrow lane nbout midwan between Bishop'Sate.street and Spitfields Church, two OI fen downin Artllery-lane, Spitalfelds, not mny yards from Bisbopegate Without. The line in which the propety tood his been coepled upwards of a century b weondhand clothes deoseand msoellneous euriosity-chope, kept principally by JeWs, while two or three oth r trademen, a butcher, a baker, a greengrocer, &c., also carried on bin i l "D UMON ~~~~~~in the same On the south aide of thbis court, leading out of tbh dty, stood a row of shops, with private residences over, two or thre stories high. Aimong these were two numbered 4 and 5, the former belonging to Mr. Sainuel Moss, a furniture broker, and the other to Mr. Godfrey Phillips, ca& ing on a siLm r kind of busines. The wives of the proprietors, with their children, in the two house at the tine made a total of nine. It appears thxt the wife of Mr. Phillips, shrtuy after she had got into bed, and while her husband was below, had ber attention directed to a loud crack. lng noise, which was aoocompanied br crash like a brick having fallen on the noor. Ts o terrifie ber that she called to hor husband, who camo upsairs immediately, when he noticed an apparent rent in the wall and the mortar was dropping dswn in a crumbled state. fre told hi wife to run down into the PASse if she wauted to sve her life. He then rau and called his thr children of the several ae of four yesx, two and &-half, and one year, also two young women living in the hose, nuamed xo Jewell and Mary Tagg. All these persons he fortunately succeeded in gettng safely out of the building, but during the time he was so employed the rumbling noise convinced him thst the building was on the point of taumbling. He therefore sent his wife and the other inmates to the house of a neighbour, and called Mr. Moss at No. 4, telling him that the stack of chimneys and the party-walls were falling, and also told him not to stop a second. He then sounded a further alurm sa he proceeded along the court, and did not atop until he reached the Chafel-yard police station. Mr. Insector Constable, of the H divison, ascertained from Mr. Philps that his house was iely tofall, and waaIn the actof ordering the men under him out, when a loud and terrible -erteh was heard, which was occadoned by achimney-stack wleh in some tons, and the party-wall between No6 4an,5 fm asli, csrryiog with their weight the floors beneath, knchg the top of the outer wal into tlte coutrt, ant_ likewise tlking away a large part of the roof belonging to the next house, and also the floors. The stifled cries for help that prooeoded from the spot already indicated that the hIves of some persos were gatly joopardized. Before Mr. Constable had time to get the men together a man ran into the station And said the noise which just occurred was ooosioned by the two houses having fallen. In less than fivo minutes after Mr. Philips came to the stationthe inpector, Sergeant Gillies, No. S2.A, inspector of common ldging-houses, and a powerful body of the H division of police attended, and when the dust had in some meaur cleared away a fearful scene wa witneesed, for Mr. Mom, witk bis fnmi_y, not having had sufficient time to get out, wg hurled by the bricks, timber, and other buildinz materials from the Second floor to the ground, where the whole family were buried. The neighbours and also the police, although their lives were endangered by the probability of thefallingof the remainder of the walls, worked in a most praiseworthy manner, and happi succeded in pulling Mr. Mos and his family out of the ruins, and, notwithstanding the immense weight of rubbish that had fallen upon them, none of them were dangerously injuredZ but they were much bruised, and ldr. MSoess ws gretly ahaien, though none of his limnbo were Mr. Constable sent off at once to Mesrs. Asby and Hwomer, the contractors to the Commissioners of Police, for them to send their foreman and sufficient men to shore uSp the remaining wals fr. Inspector Price, having been in. formned of what had taken place, visited the rinir and reported the state they were in to the Commissoners of P'olice at Scoand-yard, and brought down the assistant. surveyor, fr. Caiger, wrho at once condemnned the houses numbered 3, 4, 6, 6, and 7 in the same thoroughfare, and the occupants were ordered to leave. Last evening Messrs. A5hby and Horner's men were actively engaged in shoring up the wralls. The whole of the furnitutre, &c., of both sufferers is destroyed, and 911. int gold belonging to Mr. MIoss remains in the ruins.
ACCD TSI HT. TO THE EDITOR OF TEHE TIMES. Slr,-In consequence of the late melancholy accldent to Xr. Platt, LP., and this being the height of the shooting $eason, I feel induced, should yon allow me, to offer through your oolumns, as a practical sportsman of 30 years' experlence, a few suggestions or rules to all shooters, the observance of which I fully believe would prevent many of the bcotdents that occur. I do not underralue many of the plans and suggestions that have appeared from time to time in your paper, but I fear the majority of them are too much at variance with the present mode of shooting to be of real use all at once; for, considering the many thousands of guns there are now in use, I look upon any change in the onstruction of the gun as of no immediate benefit. Whatever new Invention may appear-be it ever so good-like all other new things, it will take a long time to bring It into general use. First, then, I would say to every shooter, never carry your gun under any circumtah nces with the hammer down on the cap. 2. Never caTy it on the full-cook, except when expecting game to rise. 3. Never carry it with the barrel in a horizontal positlon. 4. Never let It be polated either towards yourself or any other person. 5. In going through a fence always hold it before you as nearly perpendioular as possible, with the muzzle a little above your head. 6. Never load one barrel with the other elther oa the cap or at full cock. 7. Never take It home loaded. except you immediately place it under look and key. 8, and lastly, always consider it an instrument that may take away your own or the life of your dearest friend at any time, without a moment's warning, and do not handle it sa it there was no more harm to be apprehended from it than from your walking-stlck or umbrella. Much more might be said, but I have endeavoured merely to throw out a few hints that may easily be foUowed by any one without any expense or depriving him of a single shot. I am. Sir. most resDoectfullv vour- - RAkROD. MAnchester, Sept. 5.
TO THE ZD2TOB OF THE? TIMfES. Sir,-In your concluding notice of Lord Campbell' Livws of tue Chief Juices you say that in 1786 the English poem at Oxford wss as yes nnkno ~ This an error, a will appear by ref erence to any coUlleton oftheso rim poems-the first of wFhich hi dated 1770. I have no collec. ffon at hand sd do not reall the subject or the nainOot the author, bnt tho first couplets run- "Faewell 7e Nads who your tress lave "Where Isis rolls her npolluted wave"Far off to regions unexplored I fly, "To savage nations and a frozen Ak" I enclose my card and an, Sir, Your oodjiient ..+t B. A. VIGORI. kiept. 6S.
MORE FAIruRESIN BRISMOL.-We have to report several fortbor falureo in Bristol, some of which are cones quent on the recent supon of paLyment by Messrs. Braford, Dyer, and Co., African merohants. Messr L F. Fatdoft and Co, of the Stoke Se7pworks, near Bro2ugrove, have convened a meeting of their creditors at the offles of Messrs. Barnard Thomas, and Co., Bristol, forT bursd next The liabilities of this firm are stated at from 30,00=. to 40,0001. On the same day a meeting of the croditors of Mr. Aron Croefield, general merehant, of Bristol, Is to bo held. The liabilities in this case aen abot 10,0001I Mr. Charles lsaac.c, Australian merchant, has also susper,ded payment 'ith liabilities MonoIting to about 15.0001. The old estab ished house of George W ld and Sons, remtiinag distillers and wine and brands merchsnts, have also failed, and a petition in bankruptey has ben filed against Messrs. Perren and Co., merchants, ship and insurance agents, and licensed passenger and general brokers, whose liahilities ra sapted at 20,000?..
AfOB-1.M4ARRTandVlrY (' Y, " , 'IP:i.A'O Ii m,dai Eventngj. The funds remain without the sfightoe.t variation. Very few transactions take pi& t-, and speculation is suspended until the arrival of thhe next initelligence from India. Consols were quo)ted throukhout the day at 90i to J for money, aidt '9S t. 91 for the 14th of October. New V'lrve ptr (kuts., the transfer books of which will shotit to iliorrow, left off at 91 to i; India Stock, 21o1 t, ? 2 ; uidia bonds, 20a. to 16s. discotnt; and Fxch-ltiier-hfll8, os. to Is. discount. Money was in filll deusaud both in the discount-market and at the liank. In the foreign stock-market transtactions have been limited, and prices show nio varitI.*f n of importance. Brazilian Five per 0mitt-. a t re lnegotiated at 102 ; Russian Five per Cs-iti., Ih!f- cud i; Sardintan, 890; Spanish, for the account, 40l-; ditto, IDeferred, 25B ; Austrian, 81 ; Belgiati Four-anda-Half per Cents., 97 ; and DI utch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64g. In the corn-market this morning there was a recovery of between 2s. and 3s. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 80c. for money and 6Ot. 9c. 'or the end of the month, showing a further fractional deeline. At Hamburg the rate of discount has receded to 50. The continental exobanges generally present a favourable appearance. The specie from America to-day is 90,0001. The financial advices froma New York ot this occasion are more disastrous than any received for several years. Ever since 1853 there has been a continuous tendency to a destruction of coifidijee in American railway securities, and from time to time, as each new announcemer,t of fraud or insolvency has occurred, there has been a further fresh fall in all descriptions,while the instances of reaction have been feeble and temporary. Holders, howvever, have constantly clung to the idea, after each new revelation, that the loweat point must have been reached at last; and latterly this feeling has been strengthened by a belief that the adverse operations were confined chiefly to an organized knot of speculators who were endeavouring to increase the distrust by circulating any statements that might suit their purpose. Yet not only do their predictions continue to be confirmed by the break-down of each weak or suspected undertaking, but we have by the present mail news of the stoppage of a large institution against which not a single premonitory doubt had been whispered. On one day the shares were worth nearly 100, and on the next day they were utterly unsaleable. The concern in question is the Ohio Life and Trust Company, established in 1833 with a capital of 400,01x)/., and a constitution in some degree analogous to that of the more modern banks of Credit Mobilier. They received deposits which they employed, together with their capital, in loans on real estate an.d railway bonds, discounts, and advances of all kinds. OnlY a few days before the event they declared and paid their usual half-yearly dividend. The amount due to depositors and others is suppoaed to be at least 1,200,0001., and the prospect of liquidation seems to be very uncertai. Possibly the creditors may get paid, although even on that point nothing is kiown; hut it would be against all experience to suppose that the sbareholders will recover a single dollar. The company were the financial agents of the State of Ohio for the payment of the interest on the State debt, and the reliance of the public upon their position was greatly increased bythiscircumttance. Theannouncement coming on the stock-market just after thealarmn created by the discovery cf the disorganization in the accounts of the Michigan Southern Railway had caused a flood of sales of almost every other Idnd of stock. Erie Railway had gone from 31 to 22j; Reading, from 69i to 59i; Nevr York Central, from 78 to 72; Illinois Central, from 114 to 104and Panama, from 92 to 87. Michigan Southern, which a few months back stood at 53i, was now at 22. In most of these securities English capitalists are largely interested. The following from Sir W. B. O'Shaughnessy relates to the question as to the effect of heat in impairing the efficiency of submarine cables, such as that lately constructed for the Atlantic Telegraph. It appeanrs unquestionable that if this cable were purchased for shipment to Suez or Kurrachee there would be considerable danger, unless certain precautions were taken, of the gutta percha covering becoming softened from the temperature to which it would be subjected in crossing the tropics. Apparently, however, there is no reason to believe that it is at present injured, or that there would be any serious difficulty in devising methods for its sfe conveyance:- "Sir,-I observe with surpriso a statementi from the Gutta Percha Company in The Times of this moriing that l arge quantities of gusts pesob coveredtelegraph wire have been shipped to varions Indian ports, and never, to our knowledge, has the slighte6t daumage occnrred.' " Iiregret much to be constrained to adduce facts at varl- In 1853 the East India Compapny sent out to India, in sailing vessels, 700 miles of gutta percha covered wire, made by the company who address you, and packed by them in solid deal cases. On opening these c.ases in India, some weeks after arrival in the cold season, and vithout any exposure In the interval, it was found that the copper wire had in many places been forced through the gutta pereha, which bore evident marks of softening by heat. " We further found that a still more serious change had taken place partially, and was in rapid progress, bi which the gutta percha became brittle, broke off from the wire whenever bent, and lost all its insulating power. This change had occurred within the unopened cases. To save as much as possible of the wire we coated shout 200 miles with tarred yarn, and this arrested the ehange for a time. Still, eventually we had to condemn as useless about 500 miles of the wire. "These facts have been reported ohficially to the Government of India and to the East India Company, and have been communicated by myself personally to mr. Statham, the respeoted manager of the Gutta Percha Company)s works. His illness and absence from London have, doubtless, been the cause of the GottaPercla Company advancing, without full knowledge of the circumst,nces, the statement which appeared this morning. I an quite certain tbat they would not wilfully mislead the public on a matter of fact, whether trivial or Important. "The change In the gutta percha from the plastic to the brittle state is the effect of oxidatiou. This is proved by an elaborate series of analyses made, at my request, by Profemsor Eoffmann, of the Royal College of Chymistry, on samples of the gutta percha which bad been altered in India. " Gutta percha in Its natural state contains-- Carbon.. . .S :3ydrocsn . .. . . 29 " When altered by prolonged heat and keeping (this in cases not even once opened) two substances are formed containing- eO. 1. No. 2, Carbon .. .. .. 6 -09 .6770 Hydrogen .. a .. .. 9 . 10'09 Osen.7 .. .. 2 .. 27-2u "These substances are totalpy useless as insulators. Wire surrounded by gutta percha thus altered must be con- idered electrically as so much uncoated nietal. "The facts now publisbed give a warning which should not be neglected. lignored, or lightly valued, the result will be great loss of capital and infiulte disappointment to the community. I have done my duty without bias or prejudice in making this communication to all the parties concerned, although Iam well as.re t h - I :-ght better consult m7 own comfort by remaining altogether dlent. " I wish it, however, to he clearly understood that I conruder it quite practicable to send oUt the Atlantic cable, In soltable vessels ald with special appliances, without m uch risk from tb~ causes of injiuy ah,,ve described. M object is at present to warn those c.ncerned not to send I out in the Agamemnon, or in ignjsrance of the facts described, and neglecting the precautions these facts suggest. Further, I see no difficulty in manufacturing a cable in which the tendency to oxidation and spontaneous heating and the influence of heat from external causes may be both eflectually countefracted. I am Sir, your obediert servant, " W. 8. W'SHAUG(iNESSY, "Chief Superintendent of Telegraphs in India. 265, Gresham-house, Broad-street, Sept. 6." In the general business of the port of London during the past week there has been considerable activit. The number of ships reported inward was 260, showing an increase of 501 over the previous week. These included 24 with cargoes of sugar, 43 with cargoes of grain, &c., and 2 from Shanghai with cargoes of tea and silk, comprising 16,361 packages of the former and 2,028 hales of the latter. The number of vessels cleared outward was 116, including 16 in ballast, showing a decrease of 29. The number of ships on the berth loading for the Australian colonies is 47, beirng 13 less than at the last account. Of those nowv loading 5 are for Adelaide, 4 for Geelong, 2 for Hl-bart Town 3 for Launceston, 4 for New Zealand, 14 for Port ?hillip, 2 for Portland Bay, 12 for Sydney, and 1 for Swan River. The reports of the state of trade in the manufacturing towns for the past week show an increaew of business at Manchester. At Birmingham and els'where there has been little a)reration, the transactions in most cases being on a fuill average scale, at steady prices. The Journal de Cowstantinople containe an advertisernent of the issue of the shares of the Danube and B'ack Sea Railway reserved for Turkey. At the (qut o.f Bankruptcy to-day the exLina- tion meeting of Mr. L. De Wolf Cochran, the misBing director of the Royal British Batik, was adjoumned s&ie die, with pro-lamation of outlawry.
TADE JREPORT. Monday Evening. TALLOW.-The market is ratber steadier at 62g. 9d. on the spot; 62s. 6d. for SeptelTber; and 59g. 6d. for the last three months, buyers. Annexed are the paxticulas of stocks mnd orkseA-. With regard to the general state of the trade Messrs. Colchester and Woolner report :-" There bas been but litt!e fluctuation in the tallow-market during the week; in the early part there was considerable inquiry for late delivery, and as high as 61s. 6d. was paid for December delivery, and 60s. 3d. for the last three months. The price, however, bas since given way, and on Saturday there were sellers at 60s. 6d, for December ; for imiediate delivery. 62s. 9d. has been paid, closing on Saturday dull at this figure. The accounts from St. Petersburg received by telegraph to day quote tllow dull at 19S roubles. The excbange had again delnedto 37j. To-day the market is Blat; 59s. 6d. has been accepted for the last three months, and 60a for December ; 62s. 6d. for this month's delivery. 62s. 9d. to 63s. is pad for Y. a on the spot, 63s. fur South&merican. No Australian offerin,g. 61B. 3d. town talow net cash."
THE CORN TBA DB. MAK-LANY, c2wnODAY AFrERNOON. Last week's arrivals of all grain were good, peas excepted The exports were 258 quarters of wheat, 596 quarters of oats, 10 quarters of beans, 10 quarters of peas, and 223 Eacks of flour. The quantity of foreign wheat was 10,050 quazters, Ef English 7,792 quarters. The arrivals for the morning from Kent and Emsex were fair, with condition improved, and sales were made with some readiness at 2s. to 3s. advac e over last Monday's rates. The Improvement in foreiga was about Is. to 2s. per quarter. Of flour the receipta were 13,618 sacks of Engliah, with 309 saoks and 154 barrels of foreign. Norfolks were held for fuUy 2s. per sack more money, and Americans wero more in demand at full prices. The supply of foreign barley was 13,997 quarters, of ung. lish 1,270 quarters. But few fine malting samples appeared, and these were in request at good prices; but inferior sorts and foreign were a slow sale. In malt there was no change of value, the trade belng steady. There was another large arrival of foreign oats -viz., 39,892 quarters, neuly all Russian, with 1,384 quarters of EngUsh, and 105 quarters from Scotland. The market stood well for sweet corn, but inferior cargoes were dificult to quit. Of beans the quantity of foreign, including a cargo from Alexandria, was 2,189 quarters, with only 207 quarters ef -sative. Of peas the foreign were 150 quartes only, with 363 quaters of home growth. The sales of both theee pulse were rather against buyers. Of llnseed there was a good supply from India, the total being 11,128 quarters, with 530 quarters exported. The market being previously bare, prices had still an upward tendency, mad a tncreased demand for cake made it rather dearer. On the seed market there was agood show of winter tares, which rather gave way in price. Canaryseed, on the con trary, wis much dearer, the new samples being fine but short in quantity. Cloverseed was firm; white mnustardseed 2s. to3 per bushel higher. Hempseed, rapeseei., and other descriptions were much as last quoted. Arrvals of Corn In the Post of Landeo hom Ag._ 1 to Sn-t. S LUBIZK T 1BUES OP BRm ISH GRAIL AND FLORi IN MARK-LANE £bUShSl per quarter Wete ex and .ent, white .. ..47 to 64 now 53 to E4 Ditto, red .. 7.. .. .. . . 4-5S. 52-9 Norfolk, Ltncolnehrd, orkshire, r e d , . 47 -58 52 -59 Barley-M ting *- *- S7-58 .. 4- 41 'Obe Ch er, new ......... ...42-45 DitUlIng . . 57-39 1ffs G irmlndlnk,Z2d 8uffol} 63-65 68 _ - 7 Mugstou, Ware, and own-mae.. 65-S9 _ - 7 BrowN , 53-1- Rye- o .-38 Oats- F.ngllh feed 21 -26 3otat ol ST32 Potato * 2I-36 Irishfeed h wlb 20-iC ine 25-32 Ditto, blk . . -2t .... --25 Bean&-lazngau a 34 -39 Ticks 36 - 39 Harrow 3b- 45 Pos- 3zit.bodere 40-447 Maple . , 42 P oM thou;ihold^,KX2>b. i 4ie 6-41 OouLntry .. . . .. .. . 42 -43 Dittto, heueholde .. . .. . 4 - 46 N6orfolkandSuffolk, ex hD .... t 45-41 BRITAIff BMWDS Tn,nr,prbnhi ........el .. . . . . 5as 9a. to 6. 3L r ew. Per bub .. .. ..1.. .. 17-21 Coriander, ercwt, . 0-24 Canary. Der q 78-' Laee4, perqr.,crushing . .1-72 NEWCASTLE, SEPT. 5. At to-dasy market thee w a iair sbow ot wheat, the new anmplee of which were In Improved oondition. Buesess wua rcot very brlsk, the holdoTs of old parcels declining to take lower rates, and new lota wero reduced only about lIs per quarter. Barley In limited demand and untaltered in value. Oatg more inquired for at the extreme rater of th1s day eo'nnbght. Other kinds vithut alteration. YOSSK, SErT. 7. There was a pretty good attendance here to-day, but only a limited quantity of grain on offer. The beat esmple of new wheat commanded tho rates of Inst week: nfertow lots were unsaleable, except at lower ratoe. Old wheat fully as dear. Some new barley and oats were shown, but they were not much inquired for, and the latterwereasier to purchaeo. I-RESTON, SEPr 5. At this mornimges m rket there was an average supply of wheat, Principally new, which met a eteady eale at Isat week'es quotatiors, there being a little inore firmnesa on the part of holders. Now Irish wheat cotoee to hand In pretty good quality and condition, and seyeral paroel were sold today. Old n lImited demand. but its former value Is fully supported. Plour steady. Very few old oat3 shown, and only a few esampleo of new; prices rather lower. Old oatmeal fully a cdearnew In limited request. Quotations :-New wbit wheat, 28e. to 30e. per 2201b. (61e. to GS, Gd. per quarter): red, 26e to.s29 (5i6, to 63L Gd. Der quarter)'; Irish, So. 3d. to &a. 7d. Per lOIb.; oatmeal, 3er. to 37r. per 2401b. BETPOID, SrPT. 5. Here to-day there twa not much wheat on offer, but thore waa ag cCd attendance of buyre. eow wheat was diteoult to quit on account, f lie daniaged)conditlon, and lowRer pricer had to be taken for all but the driest parce. Thero was very lttle old wbeat in the market, and seliers were enabled to effect an advance of le. per quarter on la6t week'a ioe, Brley steady. In other kinds no alteraton. Curreut prices:-New wheat, ISa. to Ist Per load of tbreo bushels ; ine, 322. to 23s. ed.; old, 24s.'to 26s.; barley, 42s. to I4I per quarter; winter tare., for seed, 21e. to :24s Per load4 At the cattle-market to-day there v a Lmall hobw of bea8ta, he abundance of pasture Inducing farmers to hold their stock. The few hoown obtiined the extreme rates of las vweek. A lsrge sho of ssheep and lambe, wbich fetched good prices. Pigs ecarce and rather dear. Beef 71d. to 8d. per lb.; rauttow, 71d. to Sid. per lb.; lanh, 7id. to SLd.; live lambs, 25.. to 302. each; hides, Os, per tone ; rough fat, Sa, 6d. per tOne. STAFFORD, Szr. 5. Tbismarket was well attended, and a fair quautity ofnew wbheat ag shown. Therewa Wumore briskne in the trade, and an Improvement of I., per quda was noted. In other sorts no change. Quotations. -New red wheat, 5e. to 6, Der quarter; white, 63e.; old wheat, t2.; to wde, BOLTON, Szrr. 4. At to-dafrs miklt the"e was a free ale of wheat at fully te pse of this dayw nnIxh Other kinds tattouary.
)iRTROPOZITAN OATTLE.XARKwT, SA 7. Ole aertva of cattle and heep Into the port of london from the ontnent during the st week had been v,ry clge. The Cusona. hons retainrn giveg an entsi' of 7,54 oxen and cou, tt26 calves, W33 pip, and 8,501 seep. making a tota ot 16,174 head. There was an UnaTIsU lasge supply of beats A mauket to4bq, there being Dearly 6.OGO hea ofered fOr sale. Thisirodnoed %ome torlher depression in prines, and cauce sales tO PaOoee4 slowly. ffcc fent at 4et IOd. Of znutton thesnpplp s abhorter than on t3 dati wes 4 but the toade PYow, t a it boe last Friday's prices. aintb if now er ttle wated, and conseQuently lttle bujinew is Ve and pork were both unaltered in all 1articulars.
r RAILWAY AND MINING SHABS. Monday Evening. The railway-rnarket has been steady, but only a limited amount of business has beea transacted. An advance took place in Great Western, Shefield, Midland, and South Devon; Great Northern, on the other hand, de-lined, and after offlcial hours Caledonian were rather weaker. Great Western preference were flat. A reduction occurred in Bombay, East Indian, and Madras. In foreign sbares Eastern of France and Southern were rather higher. A fair demand has existed in the mining market, and some descriptions, especially Great 80uth Tolgus and Par Consols, have improved. -'a joint-stock bank; English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered receded. In miscellaneous securitie Mexican and South Anerican and Rhymney Iron, new, declined.
THE GREAT EASTERN. Sioe our liat notie of the building of this nautioal leviathbar it has rapidly and steadily progrsoed towards fte final completion. The hull i entire, Itg double machinery Is In and fitted, the bulwarks are prtly up, and the inter- al fitting In sueh a forwArd stkte to ho the launoe h near at hand, and that, If neessay, the Great Eastern could be ready to mauke her first voyace by Chrima next. Nearly 1,500 men are employed on her daily, 'and, though when spread about her acr of upper aud lower decks, they eeln but few, they are in reality quite enough for the work, and -nW1 their ineeut efforte each hour records great pro¢eee made. Alr*Ady some of the cabinrs are finished and fitted to show the style of the arranpgemnts whSchar fntendeAdto prail throughouaand these, ared with the " cinbb'd and cabined" dens, so painfully impresed upon the minds of all goingtravellers,areperfeot saloons. Bach of the Small first-cla cabins in 14 feet by 10',, and 7& feet high. The lagest are 15 feet by 11, and 7, high. There are whole streets and square of such apartments as theee; opening out into aloonXSwhich of themselves afford m much spae as the maindeck of a line-of-battle ship of tho present day. The bulwarks, which are now being put up, add considerably both to the height and symmetrical proportlons of the vessel They are9 feet6incheshfghforwrd and elo?edownto about five feet high amidahps and aft. The massir3 wrought iron deck is also being covered in with texk planldng, placed at about dIxinches distance fromthe iron. The machineryfor both screw and paddle engines is In with the exception of tb e erankshaft,which s beingforged, and the screw shaft, which, though placed, Is not yet put together, or connected with the screw engnes. Both engines are of such pohderoua cAlibr, and strength that the vigitor pzes on them, as they lie ranged beneath him, with the dumb feeling of surprise that a sight of the tremendous rock-hewn monuments of Egypt a.ways occsdons. They look so dark and musive beyond i-U other engines that It seems difficult to imagine howr they themselves can be put in rapid motion, though, once tt work, you can readily undersind the amount of speed at which they would force even the Great Eastern through the waves. They are beyond all doubt the largest and most powerful engines by aome thousands of horse power that have ever yet been constrcted, and some of the Ixrgest pieces of wrought iron that have ever been forged and the largest cutlngs that have ever been ran in one casting are used in their manufacture. The paddle engines consit of four oacilating cylinders of 74 inches diameter and of 14 feet stroke, worklng in a solid frame attached to ihe frame of the ship. Each pair of cylinders with its crank, condenser, and adr pump, forms in itself a complete and separate engine, and each of the four cylinders is constracted so as to permit instant dIsconnection, If required, from the other three; so that the whole foin a combination of four engines complete in themselves, vbether worked together or separtely. The two cranks are connected by a fiction clutch, so that the two pairs of engines can be oonnected or dbconnected at a morene's warning and by a single movement of the hand. The engines are provided Alth expansion valves, throttle valves, and governors, all constructd on the most improved principksa and arranged for working In the most efficient xanner. The combined paddle engines will work up to an indicator power of 3,000 horses of ? .0001b, when working 11 strokes per minute, with steam in the boiler at 11b. upon the inch, and the expanton valve cutting off at one-third of the stoke. BuLt all the parts of thc engines are so oonstmcead nd proportioned that they will work safely and smoothly at 8 trokes per minute, with the steam at 251b. and full on without expansion (beyond what is unavoidably effeted by the sides), or at 16 strokes per minute, with the stbam in the boiler still at 251b., and the expansion valvecuttlng off at one-fourth of the stroke. Under these last named dircumtnoes the paddle engines alone will give a power of about 5,000 horses. The engines are, of course, furnished with all the latest improvements for perfect and economical working, including the best lubricatorF, registering telltales, engine-room clocks, and gauges of every description. There ara also permanent indicators to both ends of each cylinder, so that the per:ormance of each will be constantly under observation. The paddle boilers are of wrought plxte iron, with brass horizontal tubew, and are adapted for working regularly at a pressure of 251b., though they are perfectly safe at 601h, as they have all been tested with an hydraulic pump to a great prsure. These paddle boiers are in two distinct sets, and each set has about 8,000 squre feet of tube surfaeo, exclusive of fine and furnace, and about 400 squre feet of fire bar furnac Ech set are equal to supply, with steady, moderate firing, steam for an indAitor of 14800-horse power, though with full firing each set of two gives steam to the amoant of 2,500 horse power, or 5oOO0-horse power in all. Two auxila-ry highpressure condensing engines are fixed adjacent to the paddle engines for worklng pumps and other necessary work of the ship. These two engines together are equal to 60-horse power when worldng at 401b., though, as they are made to workat 601b., theirpower can be doubled If newasary. The screw engines consit of four cylinders of 84 inches diameter and four feet stroke, worldng horizontally. As ith the addle cylinders, each of the four is in Itself a complete and eparate engine, capable of working quite in. dependently of any of the other thre They work up to arindiator power of 4,500 horses of 33,0001b. when workIng at45 strokes a minute, with steam in the boilerat 165b., and the expansion valve cutting off et one-third of the stroke. They , however, mnade to work smoothly either at 40 strokes per minute, with stam at 251b., without expansion, or at o5 strokes a minute with the expansion cutting off at one-fourth of the stroke. Under these circumstances they will be working at the tremendous power of 6,500 horses The boilers, of course, atO of the same kind as the paddle bollers, only ten In number. Connected with the screw engines are two auxiAry high-pressure engines of 70-horse power, working with 401b., but these, as with the other auxiJiary engines, are made to work at 601b. Both these, besideg doing ordinary ahips work, are connected with the screw shaft abaft the ordinary disconnecting apparatus, so as to enable them to drive the screw if neoessary, when disconnected from its min engine. It will thus be seen that the paddle and screw engines, when working together at their hignest power, will exert an effective force of not less than 11,500 horse power, or safficient to raise 200,000 gallons of water to the top of the Monument in less thin one minute, or to drive the machinery of al the cotton-mills iu Manchester. The consumption of ooal to produoe this amount of locomotive force is estimated at about 250 tons per day. All the other details connected with the ship re on the same colosal scale. For instance, she will have four of Trotman's anchors, each weighing 7 tons, and two small anchors of 56 tons, at the forware part of the ship. At the stern there will be two anchors of 6 tons each. The chain cables are likewise cn suite. There wil be two forward of 24-inch diameter (about GOlb. the link) and two of 2^-inch diameter. In the after-part there will be two of 2i-inch, and each cable wil be 140 fathoms long. The total number of crew will be 400, of which onethird wiLl belong to the engineering department, one-third forvictualling and servants, and one-third the sailing department. The officers will be Captain W. Harrison (lateof the Cunard's line), a chief officer and chief engineer, 12 other sailing officers, 16 subordinate engineers, a sailing master, a purser, mad two or three surgeons. In addition to the two screw steamers which will hang astern shaft the ptddle boxes, and each of which wil be 100 feet long, 16 feet beam, 120 tons burden, and 40 horse power, there wil be 21 other boats, which are now being made at Deal. Some of these will be large decked boats, like little yachts, and all will be fitted with masts and salls complete. There will be six masts, two of them square-rigged, and al of hollow iron except the last, which wil be nearest to the compa. The spaces afforded by the cellular compartments between the two "skins" of the vessel will be used for pumping wator into as a substitute for ballast, and as the wrought iron webs subdividing these spaes are made perfectly watertight, water can be put into any one or any number of them at plesure. The actual weights of the ship, engines, and various fittings are as follows Tons.. Sblp 7 596 Smber woek, fttpc. .. .. .. 16576 m taring, and sang s35S Anbors. ehains,&... .. .. .. .. M00 Pade ene so dete .. - .. .. .. .. S19 Bolen to ditto (fIll- .. - .. .. .. .. 3 2 Sssew snicae com4eeo .607 BoUers to ditto (ueD) . Paddle-whee .1. .5 Paddeboxes and pOon bsa .. .. .. &resr, &W, and b ..u.....p... . .. . .5 Sra epoPeller - . . 33 7 Total .. . 7s The preparations for getting the monster safely down to the ter are progredng stiy, and, according to present arangements, there is little doubt bht that the launch will take plce rly In October next. As may readily be i-u-ned, the manler of launching is as peculiar and novel as the scheme of the ahip Itself. Prom the position in which it hs been necessary to build ber, and to avoid the tremendous strain whicbh ship of her length would suffer from being launched by the ordinay method, str foremost, it is absolutely necessary tbat she thould go into the water broadside on. By this plan no risk of Itrin ls Incurred, though, a a vessel of her enormous Weight and bulk would acqnlre sfficient momentum in rushing down an inclined planse of 300 feat to the water to cry her quite acro the river, great precutions have to be adopted In order to eas her gently off. The launch, theb, of the process bywhich Xhe i eventually resh the VWa May be so termed, s likely to be long and Wt ou affkr 'which Wi ertinly oe"pY eight or ten hour, and pro, I ab-rCM TshO WSra hwhich it will be effected is th"s -Two launching gways," Or rge and powerfUly-bUt Iramways, have bun oons ar by the railway 0outrae tots, Nean. Treadw.ll ad. co., runnlng firo under the fore and ater polor of e the el down into the river 4 low 'wter spr ig tidodtr. dACh othese "way is300fee longby 2IOwide, and the distance between the two h also about 120 feet To guard againt the shifting natareof the river mad both the " ways" are construded with unumual solidity and strengtb. The fo%da&Mou of ah is formed upon seven rows of piles, the fourontalde rows being ddie at three feet Inervsas, and the three inner rows at six feet' These piles are all foreed home to the gravel of the rive% bed, so that they praate from a length of 32 foet under the shipis bottom to 10 feet at ihe low Water mark. To both ddeg of the headi ot the rows d pe strong timbers 12 Inches by 12 Inches, are ecurly bolted, and the 'wole are Of the "way" covered with concrete to a thick. nea of two fee. Above the concrete longitudinal timbers of great stregth are secured st Intervals of three feet g inehes from oentre to Centre, and ran the entire l.gth of the "waY." Over ths again we placed transverse timbere of the same solidity, but only three feet apart, which bolted together and apin bolted down to the wage to keep them fixed under the presure they will have to bear and prevent them floating at hIgh tide. Oa the tranvee timbers, but rning straight from the veTml to the waer'sedge, re screwed railway metas at intervals of 18 inebs apt. They are the ordinary solid bridge rails ned by Mr. Brunel on the permanent way of the Great Wetern Ralway, and are, of coue, of the trongt kina, The rails complete the " ways," wich, thus esig on a bei of pUes and ooncrete, form, as It were, a masive roa of cromed and recroes timbers stretching from uader the Great Batern to low waer mrok at an inclinatiol of 1 in 12. Down the railway mretl on the " ways" then, the ship ill be slowly lowered into thew atcr on cradles, which are now beng contracteid under her. The eradles will, of course, be of the name width as the " waye over which they reto run. They are made of large balks oftimber, wedged a dylven ln so a to fLt perfecly the bottom of the ship fore and aft. The timberz are princpally laid athwart ships with longitudinal beams and shores fastened to the outer sides. All are firmly bound together with iron bolKts and loaded with Iron baulat to prevent them fioating when the tide takes the vessel off. The bottom of the cradle con. state of iron bar sve inches wide ad an inch thick, placed at Intervls of one foot spart, and with their edges carefully roUnde4 off, so as to offer nO resistance to the railway metals of the " ways," down which they will have to p. The pross of launching, therefore, will onist of lowering thee cradles with the vesel on them alowly over the "ways." As we bave sid, it is expectedSt take place in October, and 'wl begin at 2 in the morning, when tho Great EAtern will be moved down as the tide ebbs till she reaches low Water mark exaty at low water. Ais the tide glows aga she will, of course, be floated off, moored in the oentre of the river, and continue her fittings o as to be ready for ea about Febrary next As a matter of oourse, if the monster were left to itelf, the inEstant the ahores were knoeked away It would ruh down the ways and very pro. bablY strnd Itself on the opposite aide of the river. Te prevent this catastrophe massive chaLins ar fastened to the cradles, which are peed through double sheaves secured to clumps of piles driven 36 feet into the solid earth. The ends of these chains, after passing twice through the Eheaves, wil be attached to windiemes, so that men workiog on them may lacken tho speed of the ship, or even stop It altogether, If required. While paesing over the first 200 feet of the "wa ys great care mut be uad, but, that distanoo onoo safely accomplished, the Great EAstern may ho safely left to find her own way into that eement on whIch for yeas to come Ehe 'il be regarded as a marvel sod a wonder. The great extent which the launching" ways!' oover diminishes the 'weight poraqur foot which they will be reqiired to bear to littl more than three.quarters of a ton. The ordinary weight over launching " ways Is 22 tons the squre foot, though launches are frequently m;o in London at three tons. A tell-tale indicator will be fixed to the two cradles, so that an dlfference that may oomr'in the rate of desoent ef each ; ll be immediatelv rectified by the check tackle.
SOLDIHP2 CHILDRNr. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTWg. Sir,-May I beg the faTour of your lerting these few lines In your widely circulted journal, hoping that it may meet the eye of some one more capable of advocating thelr cause than I am, regarding soldiers' childrn left be. hind on the embarcalon of their fathers for active service in India I The allowance of 6d. per diem given to soldierse wives during the absence of their huabands is fully appreciated, but stl the warnt allows nothing for children, however belplem they may be, For Intnoe, I know one moldier's wie who has four unprotected children (infants, I may cll them, being of the respective e of 8ix, four, and two yeas, and the youngest 10 months old). How can their mother be expected to earu an honest livelihood for thee on 6d. per diemI The womn. who is fortunate enough (a efostnate I mt call it in this intanoe) to have no oildren can work for her Uving and support herelf, having no encumbran"e; whereas the woman with the family can enter no srvioe nor perform any labour, havng to look afterher little flock. If depending on the 6d. allowed, I fear they will have to pine away a minble exisence during the absence of their only protector, who in the meantime is fiLghting the battles of his Queen and country in a far distnt land, wher sokness thins the ranks equally with the sword Now, Sir, if an AlloW& e-no matter how trifling-say, even 3d- per diem, Was granted to eah child, this -would enble the poor motlher to support them, however poorly, and would relieve the anxious mind of the father caue him to meet With a firm beart the enemies of thaQ grteful oountrywhich lent a helping hand, and watched over hi little ones while he wAs treading the valley of death. Gratitude would be amply rewarded by the bravery and fidelity of the married goldiers and British a&my + I-r IA FATFFTR ABOWI- TO EMBARK FOR INbIA.
THE Nnw Lvzn~OoL LAsDmwG-STkAo - Since ibt opening on Tuesday last the new leviathan landingstage ha presented an animxted appearance. It has been thronged by crowds of ydestrimns, besides having been In constant un by the ooasting steamers, which now tke on board and land their freights, buman and otherwise, by its aid. The first travelling steamer to leave the new landing-stage w the Mona's Queen, which was followed in rapid suoesion by the Ellen Vannfn, the Prince of Wales, and the Maux Fairy. The floor ot the stage is 1,000 feet long, by 82 feet wide; and the structure is connectedwith the sonthend of the PrincWspler bymeans of four bridges. Tbis mmense platform is supported on 63 rectangular water-tit pontoons, lid palel to each other and secured in their place by three rows o' kelsocs the stege being moored by heavy chains, and connected with the pier by the four bridges just mentioned. To keep the stage rom E litte obstretive in the steam of the river as posslhle. the four bridges have been made so short that, at aow ter, the incline is so precipitate it is impoesible to convey heavy luggage up or down with safety. To remedy this, we understand the engineer, Sir William Cbltt, has it in oontemplation to adopt mtchanical means for awisting carte p nd eLsing their descent, when the Inlined plane Is so steep that the bridges cannot otherise be rendered available for he& traffic. Whether in these applhances recoonrse be had to steam-power, fixed or looomotive, or hydraulic power on Armstrongis stem, h l not yet, we believe, Deen decided. In tke mesntime, with the ieaw of pre venting aocidents and establlsing system which will oon. dnoe to the more easy and comfortable rr ngement of the large traffic to be rutieLpated, Sir Wiiam Cbjtt has sugested that the north end of the stage and the north bridge should be entiely deoted to animal traffic. with an aeem and departure by the north end of the Prince's dock; that the south bridge should be devoted entirely to foot we and porter, the oentre of the tge and two middle brdlges being reservedforcarts sndheavyluggage, one for the up rnd the other for the down traffic. Before the appliances for sisting the traffic wben the bridges are at a step inclination are completed, persons uing the stage msdoso at periods when the bridges are akt guch an inclintion as Wl admit of safe and comfortable use. The whole weight of the stage with its bridges and mnooring chains is 4,000 tons. The nieost of the fabric as it now stans has been 14O,0001. The oontractor for the te were Mesrs Thomas Vernon and Son, of Liverpool, an the bridgee hAve been executed by Mr. FairbLirn, ensi&-er Mancheeter. E1-mmox ExrEraES n YoR Ex.-Sunm ary ccounts of the expenaes incurred by the candidates at the elecUon in M1rh last in the North BidIng, in the city of York, and in the borouhs of Srborough ant Sheffield, hbave already been published In ln4c 2tie We have now to add those for the West Ridin- and for the borough of Knasseborough. In the West Riding the candidats who weun opposed were Mr. Edmund Denion and Lord r Qoderich, nd, perhp, nover were members elected for so large a conituency a "& aener lection at so50 all ao et in money. The tOtal of tha expens conMnectedwith the election of Mr. Denson wsa only 15 lie 5d, Among the items were-eherifN expens, including printing an postnbills, share of hustings, under-sheriff; and bsilit fI .Iz 7d., and adverti Mr. Denison's address and thanks, 751. 9s. The total of Lord Goderich's expenees was 430L1 ldl. Amongtbeims wer-sheriff' expenses same a for Mr. Denlson), 6ra1 ]I 7d. ;prlntingm advrtsing, potingbills, carriage of prcel, &., 170 3. d, " arked copies of the reg}strof voters for canvassers," 1251 and election aens for profeional wrvice, 46L S At 3 A resborough ther wre thbro candidates,-Mr. B. T. Woodd, Mr. . Collins, and Mr. Robert CampbelL The former two were elected. Mr. Woodd's expenase were 102 ie. lOd.; Mr. Colll3s's, 381 8s 3d.; and Mr. Campbell's, 49L 1;. The two lrget Items In Mr. Woodd's expenss were 42Z fle profedonu enieeQ, and 131 for the unse of a long room an" cabhir. fr. ColIns has no DOharge for profeslosal ervices, and the laret Ibte In his bill is llL. lOs 9d. for electIon awditeg's ee, percetage, advertising, and statine&ry. Thelarget Item In Mr. Ce npell's bill Is llZ. i6c. for. freebmuent, expne of cadidate, committee, agent,
VDISOVRIBS IN CBNTRAL AFBICA.* (Continaed from The Timcs of Sept. 4.) at was on the 2d of February, 1851, that Dr. larth, now alone, reached the great emporium of Q'antral Nigritia, Kan6-the African London, Bim vaingham, and Manchester, all in one. For morm 'than a year it had been the object of his constw'at thought, as the point of all others where ip.lorrnation might be obtained, and whence more die tant regions could be attempted with tlw greatest tbance of success. Besides these oonsideostions, the inission had forwarded thithera quaetity of merehandise, being informed that this course would be 6 more ptrofitable as wesl a a safer 'one than &arrymg witi ttem the ready money with which They had ben furnished at Mourzouk on account xf the British Governent. In this particular, as in the choice of a. protector on the occasion before tnentioned, the travellers appear to have received wery bad advice frona Mr. GagliUfi. His agent, Bawn, whom he recommended as the commissioner Efor the service, was the son of a maln who had foreanerly behaved with honesty to Captain Clapperton, .but appears not to have inherited his father's 1virtues. His policy was to insinuate himself Ainto the good graces of the Governor of Kan6, fat. the expense of his employers; and, although ,h,e had at the time of Dr. Barth's arrival two 1camel-loads of goods belonging to him in his ,hands, he had the impudence to keep him ,without a single farthing for a whole fortnight, .and thereby compel him to borrow so small a sum as ,two thousaud kcurdi (about a dollar), in order to 5Adefray the most necessary expenses of his household. Partly from anxiety, and partly from want eof exercise (for owing to the misunderstanding of a letter from Mr. Richardson to the Governor the ,position of the Doctor was mistaken, and he was forbidden to leave the uncomfortable quarters in which he had been lodged), a severe attack of fever ,came on; and when at last by the sacrifice of (his remaining property he had procured an audience l nuch exertion was requisite to enable him to ,undergo the fatigue. Rowever, the effort proved beneficial, and the next day, finding exercise and recreation the best medicine, he mounted on horseback and rode round the inhabited quarters of the ~town. The scene was an animated one, but, with 'aU its external differences, only too painfully re':minded the spectator of the great cities of Europe by "its contrasts of luxury and privation, vice and nmisery. Here was a rich chief mounted on a richly caparisoned horse, and followed by a host 'of idle, insolent alaves ; there a wretched blind man groping his way through a crowd, 'in momentary fear of being trodden down. Hard ' by a large shed full of half-naked slaves just torn from their native homes, and anon a Cyprian damsel \affecting merriment and wanton laughter, her hair f $hncifully dressed in a diadem, and numerous strings -of beads around her neck, while close by lay a diseased wretch covered with elephantiasis. But the s' cotton-weavers, the smiths, and the dyers, all plyaing their craft in the open air, are the features '=which really characterize the scene and show the industrial activity of the town, while the coming snd going of caravans laden with kola-nut, natron, &or salt, and the assemblage of ropresentatives of -'altogether diverse nations-Arabs, Kanuri, Fellah, ' "nd Mandingos-bear an equaly clear testimony to I ifn fnroart tr-4o . * Trave$d sade Di.covecric in Central .4frkca, being a Journal of an xrpcdihi'in undertaken under the au'p7ice.e 7f mer Bi,.;(znnia Afaicsty's Norernment in the years 1849. J855 By leopry g~artl, Ph.!Dq D,C,L., So. ,nSI.onanaps 857; 3 vols, h I Kan6, however, owes its commercial importance| 'mainly to the decay of Katsena, a city situated about 90 miles to the north-west, which about 50 years ago was occupied by the Fulbe, a race whose sway is graduaUy extending further and further into Central Africa, and propagating the faith of Islam among its pagan inhabitants. Previously to this event Katsena must, according to the calculaI tion of Dr. Barth, have contained a populaJ tion of at least 100,000. The circuit of ;its walls is more than 13 English miles in extent, although now only the north-west corner is inha'bited, and the number of dwellers is redtuced to * about 7,000. Dr. Barth laments the change which has beenbrought aboutbythis war of races. Katsena, s, both on account of its greater salubrity and its position with regard to the various commercial routes, is far preferable to Kan6 as an entrep0t. The province, of which it is the capital, is situated just at the water-shed between the basin of the Tsad and that of the Kwarra, at a general elevation of 1,200 or 1,500 feet, and the climate is preserved from unhealthy influer,ces by numerous rapid streams, which are sent down from the chains of hills which diversify the surface. Kan6, on the other hand, is regularly inundated in the rainy reason by the overflow of ' sonie large pools, one of which, the Jakara, a stag- nant lake a couple of miles in length, receives the -whole offal and filth of the most thickly inhabited quarter. On its western margin is the abattoir, 'vhere numbers of cattle are daily slaughtered; I and it may be easily imagined what a pest tmust be created by this nuisance under the 12th degree of latitude. Nevertheless, the greater distance of Kan6 from the seat of war secures it the 'advantages of a commercial mart, and, in addition to the settled population of more than 30,000, at least an equal number of foreigners are found there during the busy season of the year, that is to ;say, from January to April. The whole of the people are engaged either in commerce or manufactIres; and the cotton goods, of which the raw matetrial isproduced, woven, and dyed within the limits 'of tbe province, spread as far as Mourzonh and . Ghat on the north, Timbuctoo on the west, over the whole of Bornou on the east and towards the south-east are "only limited by thqnakedness of the Pagan sa s-culottes, who dispense with all clothing whatever." The fine cotton cloth which is spoken of in Europe as produced in Tinibuctoo is really the manufacture of Kan6, and the urgent demand for it is evinced by lthe enormous detour made in order to avoid the danigers of the direct road-the goods being actually carried all thc way to Ghat, and even Ghadames, and thence taking their way to Timbuctoo by Tawat. T'lhere is one very interesting point connected with this place which is strongly pressed by Dr. Barth. lBe asserts that the Americans have taken advantagc of the opening of the lower course o£ the Kwarra-an achievement of the English at the expense of many lives-to carry on by it a regular annual slave trade with these parts, of which the English appear totally an.aware. By this means American goods (among vwhich are comimon muskets) reach the market of Kupo, or Nifli, in large quantities, to the great loss as well as scandal of the Arabs, who declare that the English could easily prevent it if they would; for, vwith the exception of a small quantity of natron, nothing is taken in exchange by the importers but slaves. How this assertion is *compatible with the very low estimate of the number of slaves which pass through Kan6, which Dr. 13arth puts no higher than 5,00), is not very clear. Aii arrangement had been made that Dr. Barth and iMlr. Richardson should rejoin one another ;at Kiukawa in the early part of April, and for that place the former set off from Kan6 oni the 'th of March. But on the 27th, on reaching a place called Ngur-ituwa (the place of river-horses), he found the grave of his untortunate companion, who had arrived there one evening towards the beginning of the month in a weak state and died early the next morning. He had been buried under a wide-spreading figtree, and the grave protected by thorn bushes, which were undisturbed, and seemed to Dr. Barth likely to remain so, for the natives were well aware that the deceased was a Christian and regarded the tomb with reverence. The want of tact on the part eof Richardson has been noticed before, and .,be seems not to have been judicious in the j.care of his own health. When he parted from his conmpanions at Tagalel he had shown evit dent symptoms of being greatly affected by the clhange from the freshl breezes of Air-the Switzer'aand of Africa-to the sultry climate of the fertile lands of Nigritia; and, beincg incapable of bearing the heat of the sun, he always carried an unmbrella, instead of accustoming himself by degrees to endure it. He looked at things in a different way from Dr. 3arth, and the consequence was that the two often jhad little differences; but these did not diminish $,the survivor's respect for his charaeter, or grief for 1bis death. Dr. Barth was now entering a region of a very Aifferent character from any through which he had hi(;herto passed-a region of which the celebrated Lake Tsad may be considered as the centre. One 'of 1ii^Gief objects had been to survey the shores of {this inesrjense body of water; but its nature is such as to render sr.ch an undertaking altogether impossible. The rfsad is nothing but an enormous lagoon changing 'ts border every month; and even if the state oE the countries around alowed every facility forau rwocurate survey, aU that could be done would be to fix the furthest limit to which the inundation ex(rands after the rainy season, and, on the other hand, to determine the extent of the navigable water. For many miles from the margin of the open water there is swampy ground, covered with gapyrus and tall reeds from 10 to 14 feet in height. 3eyond these comes, in the dry season, a fine grassy plain, and even as far off as 60 miles from its present outline the Tsad is encompassed on its south-west side with shallow hollows, filled with a black sedimentary soil, which testify to its greater extent in former times. During the rainy season these are covered with water, and at that time the whole country must present the appearance of a network of small lakes, connected in many instances with one another, or with the great Tsad, and surrounded by a zone of sandy downs, on the summit of which is a level plain of arable soil, while their flanks are overgrowxn with a rank vegetation, among which the dum (cocoa) palm and the dum-bush are predominent. The belts of water which join the pools to one another have towards the end of the dry season the appearance of artificial canals. They are fuU of fisb, and their shores, overgrown with tall grass 10 feet high, are thick set with footprints of the elephant, for which they furnish a rich pasture. This animal, however, extremely dislikes mosquitos. and therefore is not otten lound where it has no place of retreat from its tormentors during the night. On the northern banks of the Tsad, where a range of lowsandhills and wood comes pretty near to the Lagoon, it is found in immense herds, sleeping on the soft bed which the sand affords-, and resorting for its daily food to the swampy ground in the neighbourhood. Where the shores of the lake are level for a long distance the elephant is not seen, but in its place are large herds of the "KEelara," a peculiar kind of antelope, only found in the immediate vicinity of the Tsad, which seems, by Dr. Barth's description, to be almost as amphibious as a duck. Wherever a creek runs up into the land it is sure to be full of river horses, snorting about in all directions; and the Doctor also observed two distinct species of crocodile. The lake has islands in it, which are inhabited' by a race of pirates called Budduma by their neighbours, and YAdin& by themselves. They navigate the lake in small flat boats, in which they enter the creeks and carry off as slaves any of the people from the neighbourhood whom they can manage to surprise fishing or cutting reeds for their huts. However, although their normal relation to the inhabitants of the main is that of deadly hostility, they carry on a friendly traffic with some of the villages on the shore, obtaining naillet in exchange for natron. The Sbeikh of Bornou is well aware of this intercourse, but, being too weak or too indolent to protect his subjects from the continual inroads of the Budduma, is sensible enough to allow them to deal with the latter at their discretion. Dr. Barth saw a fleet of 11 boats engaged in this trade. They had a very low waist and a high pointed prow, and were made of narrow boards of the fogo-tree, fastened together with ropes from the dum-Dalm. Kukawa, the capital of Bornou, was made by our traveller the centre of several expeditions, attended with most important results. the details of four of these are given in the present volumes, one in a SW. direction to Yola (lat. 9° 25', long. 120 5' E,}; another along the northern side of lake Tsad into the province of 1(anem. These two occupied the sumamer and autumn of the year 1851. In the ensuing winter he accompanied a military expedition made by the Sheik professedly to reduce to submission a vassal who exercised sovereignty over the little kingdom of Mandara, and who, taking advantage of the natural security afforded by the mountain fastnesses of that country, had withheld the accustomed tribute. When, however, the head-quarters of the army had arrived within a good day's march of the capital, the rebel thought it expedient to make the amende by sending a messenger with a present of 10 female slaves, and a profession of entire submission. Upon this the Sheik returned with a smalU portion of his forces, while the Vizier, with the far larger part, proceeded upon an expedition into the Musgu countrv. Here was a case of casuistry for the two travellers, for Dr. Overweg in this instance had accompanied his coadjutor. It was quite clear that the object of the expedition was simply to make slaves, and the question was, were they bound to keep aloof from everything of the sort, or, as they could not prevent it, should they endeavour by accompanying it to prevent some portion of the atrocities which were sure to be committed? If the balance ever trembled, scientific curiosity soon turned the scale:- I I It was of the utmost importance to visit that very region which was the object of the expedition, as this was the only way to decide upon the relation between the central basin of the Tsad and the great western river with its eastern branch; while there was no possibility of visiting it by ourselves. We had already con.inced ourselves that the country of the Musgu is not, as Major Denhanm has reprosented it, a mnountainous, inaccessible tract; but we were puzzled at the number of watercourses of wbich our informants had spolcen, and we could not have the least idea how fertile a country it was, and how far remote its inhabitants were from that state of barbarism wlich had been imputed to them. We therefore, although reluctantly and not without scruple, at length determined upon accompanying the expedition ; and I hope that every considerate porson who takes into account all the circumstances in which we were placed will approve our resolution." We are quite ready to give our verdict of acquittal. The conduct of the traveUers throughout the expedition was such that it was impossible for the most interested slavehunter to distort it into the slightest sanctiou of bis proceeding; while the information obtained and the horrors brought to light may in no small degree contribute both to stimulate and to enlighten the zeal of those philanthropists who long to put an end to the accursed system which is employed to meet the demand for slave labour. For 50 or 60 miles after leaving Diggera (lat. 110 35', long. 140 E.) the place where the presents arrived from the repentant vassal chief of Mundar&, the army wound its way throuigh a wilderness of forests thick with orchidaceous plants, interspersed with occasional tracts of pasture visited by wandering Fulbe with their cattle, and with swamps whero rice grows wild. The tenants of these regions are large herds of elephants and gazelles, which are so numerous that the holes formed by the footsteps of the former are a serious obstacle to the advance of a horseman. Indeed, sometimes they prove a nuisance to the weary travelle-, who is looking for nothing more than sufficient space of mother earth to rest his weary limbs on. One day the encampment lay near an extensive pond surrounded with a luxuriant growth of rice and a dense border of spreading trees, and the footprints were so numerous that scarcely a level space of two or three feet in diameter could be found; and, as the party were without a campstool or anything to sit or lie on, they suffered much. The argillaceous soil is so excessively hard that the borders of the holes cause a vast deal of pain to a person lying on the ground with nothing but a mat; and it is curious to find Dr. Barth, who appears to have the soul of a Spartan in a body of iron, in more places than one enlarging on the necessity of a bedstead of some kind as indispensable to the comfort of an African traveller. Soon after emerging from the forest belt which forms the boundary between Bornou and the Musgu tribe, the Doctor was summoned to be a witness to the reception of Adishen, the chief of the latter. He arrived, accompanied by his three brothers, mounted on horses without saddle or bridle. Being a pagan, he was saluted with all sorts of scoffs from the people who had collected in front of the Vizier's tent; but he did not allow himself to be put out of countenance by this insolence, and preserved throughout the dignity of a native prince. At last the curtains of the Vizier's tent were drawn back, and the ceremony of submission began. IKneelg o-n the ground, aud bareheaded, he clapped ,bhis handand repeated a complimentary phrase, meaning, "God give you long life." He then took up some sand in his hand and sprinkled it on his head. Having thus made his submission, he proceeded to urge his complalnts to the representative of his liege lord. "The Fulbe," he said, "had anticipated the Vizier by plundering his territory." He was informed that for the fuiture he should not Ibe exposed to such injury, but be entirely under the protection of Bornou. Some parcels were opened and he was officially installed as a vassal and officer of the kingdom, by dressing him in a large black shilt, over which a rich silk to be was thrown, and above all an Egyptian shawl. Thus attired, he was salutced by the title of " maina" or " satrap," amid the con,emptuoua scorn of the Bornou courtiere, who looked upon bim very much in the same light ; th4 st4if of if Aape gove-ror might upon Kreli or Pato. But, indeed, their scorn was in this instance not misplaced. To secura the favour of the chief men about the Court, the wretched barbarian was driven: to the expedient of winking at the kidnapping of his own subjects. One day, not long afterwards, two officers left the encampmentinder pretence of gathering fodder in the neighbouring villages, but they returned in the evening with about 800 slaves, besides a considerable number of cattle, the whole of which was retained as a perquisite by the commander of the expedition. The army returned to Kukawa on the Ist of February, 1852, having left it on the 25th of the preceding November. The whole produce of the foray had been about 10,000 head of cattle and 3,000 slaves, besides the proceeds of the transaction we have just mentioned. But these numbers give an altogether inadequate idea of the amount of the misery that had been caused. The valuable portion of the slaves consists of women and youths; and, accordingly, the usual practice is to. laughter the men of mature age. On one occasion not less than 170 of these were mercilessly murdered in the presence of the travellers, by severing one leg and then allowing the wretched victim to bleed to death. Two or three days after the part of the army with which they were encamped among the smouldering huts of another village, " The whole, which only a few moments before had been the abode of comfort and happiness, was destroyed by fire and laid desolate. Slaughtered men with their limbs severed from their bodies were Ivine about in all directions. and made the passer-by shudder with horror Such is the course of human life in these regions !" When the partition of the slaves took place "there were," says Dr. Barth, "scarcely any fullgrown men, while the most heartrending scenes occiurred, caused by the number of young children and even infants who were to be distributed, many of the poor creatures being mercilessly torn away from their mothers, nsever to see them again." But the largest element of distress consists in the starvation consequent on the destruction of the granaries in which the poor people store their corn, the invading army sparinpg nothing, but firing every viUage through which it-passes. Dr. Barth, -who always was on most friendly terms with the Vizier, took an opportunity one day to criticize his policy in this respect, and to point out how much more prudently he would act in allowing the natives to cultivate their fertile country in tranquility, only levying a considerable tribute upon them. But here religious bigotry had warped the feelings of an otherwise kiudhearted and intelligent man. It was only by the most violent means, he replied, that he could keep down these Pagans, who cherished their independence and liberty above everything; and on this account it was that he burnt all their granaries, in order to subdue them by famine. Slaves are the only articles 'which the conquerors ever think of obtaining from the sub,-^t tribes. By carrying off great numbers of them they weaken the tribes, and secure their own supremacy; and after their submission it is in slaves that they exact a tribute. But all this will, Dr. Barth believes, be changed when a regular and legitimate intercourse shall have been opened along the Eastern branch of the Kwarra into the heart of these regions Of the feasibility of this, if only England wil follow up her own discoveries, there seems no doubt. Equatorial Africa has been laid open, and the erroneous ideas which once prevailed upon the subject altogether dissipated. Instead of the massive Mountains of the Moon, there are a few isolated mounts; where a dry desolate plateau was expected, there have been found wide and fertile plains, less than 1,000 feet above the level of the sea, and intersected by innumerable broad watercourses with scarcely any inclination. From the mouth of the Ewarra upwards, along its eastern branch, the river B6nue6, there is a natural passage without any obstruction, navigable for vessels drawing no more than four feet of water, into the very heart of Africa, up to the confluence wvith the Eebbi, near (Gewe. Dr. Barth sees reason to believe that during the highest period of the inundation flat-bottored boats like those of the natives may extend this navigation considerably further into the country of the Tuburi, which lies | south of latitude 100, and east of longitude 140, and even that a channel may be found which for a part of the year will connect the basin of the Kwarra with that of the streaims which faaU into the Tsad. " I am persuaded" he says, "that iulessthan 50years European boats will keep up a regular annual intercourse between the great basin of the Tsad and the Bay of Biafra. The whole country between the rivers B6nuw6 and Shari is extremely rich and fertile, intersected by countless water courses in every direction. Cotton, indigo, vegetable butter, ground nuts, ivory, wax, and many other artides might be procured in abundance from these regions, the only question being what should be imported in exchange for them. It will perhaps surprise our readers to be told that in Central Africa, where on the 7th of January the thermometer "indicated 1000" in the cool shade of our fine fig-tree," it would be a good speculation to set up a store of warm clothing. Yet such is the case. In the expedition to Musgu Dr. Barth and his companion could not resist the importunities of the Sheik of Bornou and his vizier for their underclothing; and, what is more, imposed not a little privation upon themselves by their courtesy. One night they suffered not only from their own sensations, but from the shrieks of the poor naked Musgu slaves, who, torn from their warm huts, felt the cold so much that it was only towards noon that they began to revive. Yet the thermometer on this severe nig,ht did not fall below 510, and at the folowing noon it was as high as 870; so entirely is the human machine wound up, as it were, to meet the influences which surround it. Both Barth and Overweg were natives of the north of Europe, and the former, at any rate, seems not to have been wanting in hardihood, physical as wel as moral; but the long subjection to the burning climate of Africa had to some extent infected them with that sensitiveness to even a low degree of cold which is characteristic of the African. NVant of space compels us to omit ail description of the fourth expedition of Dr. Barth, which he made to Bagirmi during the summer of ISo2. He entered the country by stealth, iiot being able to obtain permission, and, although he succeeded ia reaching the capital, Masena, it was as a prisoner. He was detained in the town from the last week of April to the second week of August, and ran no small risk of his life, being suspected of having power to produce or withhold rain at pleasure-the form whBich witchcraft naturally takes ia a tropical country. However, in this expedition, and in the first one, that to Yola, he contrived to obtain the most important information with regard to the water comrmnication of this part of the continent, establishing incontestably the identity of the Binuw6 with the eastern branch of the Kwarra, and the disjunction of that river and its tributaries from the lake Tsad. On his return to Knkawa, after his imprisonment, he found his friend Overweg looking very ill, although he had been in the meantime engaged in a comparatively healthv pursuit-a visit to the mountainous district in the south-west of Bornon, and had thus been removed from the pestilent air of Eukawa. Looks w.ere in this instance not deceitful. Since his return from the mountainous district Overweg had been very unwell, and confessed that he still felt so. It was arranged, with a view to improve his health, that he should make a short expedition to the lower part of the Komfduga of Kukawa-a portion of the Bornou water system, which during the dry season is limited to a string of detached pools of stagnant water, but which about the 21st or 22d of July begins to form an uninterrupted stream of water eastward towards the Tsad, and continues running till the middle of February, beginning to overflow its banks and inundate the neighbourina country in the month of November. From this espedition he returned, little, if at all, improved, on the 13th of September-the unhealthiest month of the gear. A week later (on Sunday, the 20th) the two friends set out on an excursion together, ani Mr. Overweg, finding himself better, took his gun and went shooting waterfowl, in the pursuit of which he entered some deep water, and was imprudent enough to remain in his wet clothes all day withoat saying a word to Dr. Barth, who only became aware of the fact when he saw him in the evening dryinq them at the fire. The next morning he felt so weak that he could not get up; when, instead of taXing a sudorific, he refused to touch any medirine whatever. The next day his speech became inarticulate, and he himself sensible of his danger, and he desired Dr. Barth to convey him to the house of a native, a common friend, who resided about eight miles of, whlere he thought the change of air migA rehoroe him, W i great hiffieultye y wnvce of that portion of the African continent which takes in the 4th and the 20th paraUels of latitude, and a breadth of longitude extending from 56 W. to 2i.0E., is necessary to do justice to the magnitude of the traveller's exploits, and we hope it will not be cmitted. Neither will, we trust, a good index to the whole work. And so we take our leave of Dr. karth with the wish that his life may be prolonged, rot only to enjoy the reputation which his remarkable exertions have secured for him, but to see the -fulfilment of his hope, that by their means the horrible practice of slavehunting may at length be suppressedlin Central Africa. thither by the Friday morning, and Dr. Barth, after giving the requisite instructions, returned to the town. But the same night one of the servants whom he had left with Overweg came to fetch him, and immediately mounting his horse he rode back. "I found my friend," he says, "in a most distressing condition l1ing outside in the courtyard, as he had obstinately refused to sleep in the hut. He was bedewed with a cold persoiration, and had thrown off all his coverings. He did not recognize me, and would not allow rne or anyone else to cover him. Being seized with a terrible fit of delirium, and mattering unintelligible words, in which all the eventf of his life seemed to be confused, he jumped up repeatedly in a raging fib of madness, and rushed agatnst the trees and into tbe fire, while four men were scarcely able to hold him. At length, towards morning he became more quiet, and remained tranquilly on his couch, and, not being aware that his strength was broken and hoping that he might hOve pagsed the crisis, I thoughthtt amight return tothetown. Ateoraskinghiso the b had any parttcular desire, he said he had somethins to tell me; bnt it was impossiblt3 for me to understand him, and I can only fancy from what happened that, being aware that death was at hand, he wanted to recommend gia samily to me." At dawvn of day the next morning, while a few drops of rain were falling, Overweg died the bonourable death of a martyr to science on the bordsers of the very lauke by the navigation of which he has r-endered his name celebrated, and, singularly enough, hard by the very boat in wvhich he had made the voyage; the same which we have abovementioned as having been carried from Tripoli for hundreds of miles to the locality where it was to be used. With the account of his friend's death Dr. Barth concludes the volumes which are comprised in the present issue. Hefoundhimselfalonejust ashisprospects inotherrespects had materially improved, ashis resources had now become adequate for his purposes for the first time by a remittance from the North, and he had also received the authority of the British Government to assume the conduct of the mission and to prosecute his researches in a western direction if, as proved to be the case, circumstances should hinder him from penetrating fuarther to the south or east. The next three years were employed by him in this work, of which the narrative is promised in two volumes more. We look forward with much pleasure to the appearance of these, which, if they are executed as there is every reason to hope, will render the whole work an imperishable monument of the author's industry, hardihood, and zeal in scientific research. Few men have existed so qualified, both by intellectual ability and a vigorous bodily constitution, for the perilous part of an African discoverer as Dr. Barth, and we hope that no desire to make the record of his achievements more popular reading will be alowed to imperil its completeness. Some points, however, we would urge upon him in mercy to the ]ay reader. Awell-arranged tabular view of the different races of Africa, with their subdivisions, would be a great assistance to such a one, as would also a complete glossary of the native terms, which the Doctor's five years' wanderings have doubtless made as familiar to his own ear as household words, but which have (we frankly confess) in our own case more than doubled the fatigue of Perusing his book. A enprusl man
IRELAND. (FROM Oui1 OWN COBRRPaNn%,rA DUBLIN, Mo-,DAY xo G. Ti BRITISBH ASSOCIATION. The following is a sketch of the ethnological oxcursion to the Arran Isles-the closing and not ileast interesting incident connected with the visit of the British Association to Ireland:- " The excursion of the ethnological section of the British Association to the western islands of Arran has terminated most successfully. The greatest interest had been felt on the subject here, for the general public know but little of these islands or of their antiquarian treasures. The proposed visit consequently excited astonishment and curiosity, and the expedition was viewed somewhat as an effort to explore remote and undiscovered regions. The party of ad. venturons staans nrmbered about 70, and included many whose position, learning, and literary labours entitle their prooeedings to attention. " The three Arran islands are placed at the entrance to Galway Bay, about 30 miles from that port, and at least 10 from the nearest point of the mainland. Without any means of communication but by the open fishing boats in use there, and e:xposed to the full fury of the Atlantic gales, few tourists have the courage to risk the voyage. For the Association, however, these difficulties were annihilated. A speidaL train carried them to Galway before noon on Thursday, and, after a short Interval to allow strangers to examine the ancient town, the Claddagh, with its primitive race of fishermen, and the fleet of fishing boats with their ample freights, a steamer bore the company rapidly across the bay, and about 4 o'clock anchored in the smual harbour of the main Island, at Kilronan. " The sky was clear and brilliant, the air soft, and the sea perfectly smooth-a matter of no little consequence to the enjoyment of the savans. The light canvas boats, which the natives manage with great skill, and which face the roughest seas, darted rapidly about, anxious to assist in the disembarcation. The inhabitants formed in groups on the shore to witnees this strange invasion, and to welcome the invaders. The men, strong, hardy islanders, with a. manly, independent bearing, comfortably dressed in a species of white flannel, perfectly clean, and wearing on their feet bright blue stockings and a kind of moccassin formed of seal or cow skins, and admirably fited to the nature of their work. The women are of the same type, roughened by toil and weather, and, clothed in the red petticoat and ehawl, with a blue kerchief over the head, gave colour and character to the groups; and it must be admitted the islanders formed a more picturesque tableau than their visitors in the various nondescript garments assumed by the license oi travellers could offer in return, The village, to the surprise of all, was perfectly clean and oomfortable in appearance far exceeding in the evidences of prosperity and cvilization those on the western mainland. At night it was able to afford sleeping accommodation to nearly fiftyguests, who all bore testimony to the cleanliness and kindly weloome of their rustic entertainers. Nor do the cabins in the remoter part5bear less evidence to the industry and progress of the inhabitants. Living principally by fishing, they yet wring from the scanty so0., or rather, from the almost naked rocks, sufficient for the necessities of the island. " Thursday afternoon, and the entire of Friday,were devoted to the examination of the principal remains of antiquity with which the main island is filled, under the guidance of the learned director, Dr. William Wilde. Being but nine miles long by about two broad, every part is accessible on foot-albeit, the walking is of the most rugged description. The objects most singular, and said to be surpassed only by the older barbaric monuments of Greece, are the Pagan military remains. The dates assigned to these are from 500 A.C. to 100 A.C.; in other words, they are more than 2,000 years old. They consist of four forts, two of which are circnlar, called Dan Onagh and Dun Ogbill; the latter the most perfect extant. They are built of loose stones withont mortar, the main rampart varying in height from 16 feet to 25 feet, and having a thickness of about 15 feet, the ascending steps and the watoh towers on the snmmit being in some cases still discoverable; the diameter of the structure is about 100 feet, but an outer wall of some solidity encloses a much larger space. Tho other two forts have taken advantage of promontories, two sides of which are protected by inaccessible cliffs washed by the Atlantic, and have thrown up ramparts of the like Cyclopean structure, in a semicircular form, to defend the approach from land. Of these Dabh-Chathair is the oldest known, and Dan-Aengus the largest and most striking. Behind it the cliffs are 300 feet in height, so far overhanging the sea, that a fisher. man sits upon the summit and drops his line into its waters. The inner and nassive rampart encloses a depth of about 150 feet. Two walls at intervals increase the Outer defencas while beyond a chdreux de frisc still remains, formed of the pointed stones so abundant on the spot, placed on end for some 50 yards in width, and which would certainly very much check the ardour of an impetuous attack. The appearance almost justifies the tradition that an army of invaders was there turned into s'one. The whole defences occupy about eight acres. Who built these massive works, and what may be their date is matter of debate and speculation. That they are pre-Christian and pre-historic seems all that is certain. The primitive race of the Fir-bolds, driven from the mainland, seem here to have made a last stard. The retiring wave of the early population, beaten further and further westward, must in these cliffs have fought their last struggle for existence before some hardier or more numerous pyadors, Tile scerne fvrvlbiyv suggests the deap rate p5iltivn of such a garrison. Further retreat ws imposdble, defeat nust have been extermination. "Within this fort the section proceeded to discuss the ! objects before them. A platform of rock occupied the centre, the members bivouacked on the gran around while the nativee grouped upon the crumbling rampsrt, wvich formed ;a picturesque amphitbeatre, listened with wonder to tho story of the stonee on which they at, and of thehistoricinteretof whichtheyhadnever dreamt. ThePro- | vo-t of Trinity College occupied the chair, and the meeting wss in turn addressed by all whose learning enabled them to nmpertinformation. Dr Wildetook aprominentpertintho discussion, which was admirably supported by Dr. Petrie, Dr. Graves, Dr. O'Donovan, Mr. Eugene Curry, Dr. Stokes, and many other. The amount of learning exhibited would have deserved some permanent record. "The eccledastical remains are also very numerous, though probably not differing from others on the mainlandL Thoir dates are from the 5th to the 13th centuries, and It 1s surprLsing to find such a number of these structures in a place where tho population must have been at all times very limited. It is perhaps a mark of the turbulence and in. security of the mainland, that so many of the early Christian fathers sought these remote islands in rch of a peaceful habitstion and a tranquil tomb. "A differnt kind of ruin also exists in some of the castles built by Cromwell, the chief interest of which in this spot is drawn from their having been constructed out of the more ancient ruins, and thus destroyed a round tower, snd much that should have been preservecL Upon these Cyclopean stractus the elements hAve no effect; their materials are almost valueless where every field produces stone equally adapted for building, and their position secures them from the too frequent invasion of the curious or the mischievous. They have, however, been recently much defaced, and the seotion did not separate without appointing a committeo to urge on Government the necessity of some immediate stdpS to preserve remains of natlonalinterest. " Saturday was 0ocapied by a visit to the middle island, where there aro two forts, one circular, the other oval, of considerablo size, and similar in structure to those on the main island. The expedition then coasted In the steamer along the cliffs of Mohar, in the county Clare, which rise perpendicularly from the sea to the height of 650 feet, like an ocean rampart, to guard the land from the assaults of the Atlantic. The cliffs on the Arran islands also afforded ample enjoyment to those vwho prefer the plc. turesque nd beautiful to the learned and curious; while the extraordinary formation of the rock, Spread out in vast sheets of baro and rifled limestone, like stone glaciers, excited the wonder of the geologists. An easy journey to Galway and a special train brought back the party to Dublin on Saturday night, favoured by the combination of almost unbroken fine weather, admirable organization and arrangements, and by the utmost liberality and kindness on the part of all who could aid the expedition." OPF=-AIR PnEA&CHING. Belfast has contrived of late to monopolize a rather undue share of public attention. For upwards of a week the northern capital was virtually in the hands of two ferocious factions, the consequence of which, it is cooUy narrated, was the inauguration of the gun club movement. This, in turn, has been followed by a series of Sunday riots created by the opposition offered by one party to the practice of open-air preaching adopted by some clergymen of the established and Presbyterian churches. The policy of outdoor preaching has not, it seems, met with general encouragement from any quarter. The local benob of magistrates thought it would be as well to discontinue the practice as being likely to lead (of which there is no doubt) to breaches of the peace. The Lord Bisbop of Down and Connor recommends the episcopal clergy to refrain from exercising their unquestionable rights, as regards the question; and many of the Presbyterian clergy have recommended a similar course. Meanwhile, at a meeting of ministers and lay members of the united church of England and Ireland, resident in Belfast and its neiehbonrhood hwiA fn,. the purpose of taking into coneideration tle crcumstances which have taken place in connexion with the recent open-air preaching in that town, Mr. H. M'c. Cairns, in the chair, the following resolution was unanimously agreed to:- "That this meeting dedre to express their full satisfaction with the conduct of those clergymen who undertook the open-air services, andwhose labours, they are satisfied, were attended with much profit to many. They desire, also, to assert the constitutional right of all ministers of the Gospel to avaU themselves of like opportunities to promotethe welfare of souls, and their claims on the magiatracy to sustain them with the protection of the law. They trust, also, that when these and other faithful men desire to resume their labours, they will not fail to find due supiport from all who value the principles of civU and religious liberty. They are happy, also, to hear from the testimony of those best qualil. fled to give evidence on the subiect, that, in the recent exorcise of their ministry, the opposition was of no great moment, and, being immediately suppressed, the greatest order prevailed to the termination of their services. ". IL M'c. CAmLSS, Chairman. "CHARLES SEAVEN, Clerk, Secretary. "Belfast, Sept. 2." JAMES SADLEr. The fourth citation of the runaway banker took place last week in the Court-house of Clonmnel, and with no better luck than on the three previous occasions. The fifth and last court will be held on the 29th inrt., and as it is not to be expected that any attention will be then paid to the Queen's writ the fngitive from justice will be declared an outlaw.
ThE CtsTOmsS CONSOLIDATIoN ACT.-A case hS | just occurred at the port of Southampton which, while it has excited the warmint Indignation of all who are made acquainted with its leading features, must also, we should think, result in the repeal of the legal enactment under which it has been suffered to tako place. Two unfortunate Spaniards, belonging to the crew of a Spanish steamship, trading to the abovenamed port, have had to endure a couple of months' confinement in gaol, followed in the case of one of them by a loss of reason, because they had committed the great crimo of being on board avessel where some tobacco had been found liable to seizure. If proof were wvanting of the objectious involved in giving to Costom-house officers such arbitrary powers of arrest as are vested in them by tho Customs Con. solidation Acts, 1853 and 1855. the case in question supplies it to the fulL That statuto enacts that every person who shall be found or discovered to have been on board any ship or boat liable to forfeiture shall forfeit 1001X, be detained as a prisoner until brought before a magistrate, and, on proof of his presence on board the ship, shaU be liable to a penalty of 1001., or not less than six or nine months' Imprisonment at the discretion of tho magistrate before whom the case is nieard. It Is a well-accepted principle of British law that every person is hold to be innocent of a crime until his gnuilt is proved; but here guilt and innocenceo are both kept out of view, and the simple fact of being present in a vewsel where somebody else commits an offence against the revenue laws subjects every one on board to fine and Imprisonment. We can understand such lAw as this In Naples or in Russia, but not in a country which boasts, and in most respects justly so, of being thq great teacher of liberty and justice to the whole rorld. Nor does the iniquity stop here. Encouragement is given by the samne statuto and the general orders of the Commissioners of Customs to the multip cation of arrests by Custom-house officers by rewarding them out of the penaltios recovered. With such power and such inducements, who can wonder if these men look more to the number of arrests they can make than to the guilt or innocence of the particular person charged? OnthelstofJalylast two of the crew of the Spanish steamer Barcelona, named Jos6 Manuel Fernandez and Toso Gonzales, were charged by the Customs' authorities at Southampton with being on board that vessel, which was at the time liable to forfeiture, because about 201lbs weight of tobacco had been found in one of the ship's sails; and although neither the magistrates ror any one else believed either of them to be guilty of the offence of smuggling, there was no alternative, and they were both sentanced to sx months' imprisonment in Southampton Gaol. A petition setting fcrth the facts of this abominable case, and signed by many of the magistrates and leading commercial =nhabitants of the town! was forwarded to the House of Commons, and the Spanush Vice-Consul (Mr. Thomas Hill) memorialized tho Board of Customs for their releos - but the Board replied that " they saw no reason to interfere." However, intercession was persevered in, and at length, after one- third of the term had expired, the unfortunate feUows were released on Monday, the 31st ult., having most uninsUy sustained two months' incarceration. Of course, tho Barcelona had long proviously sailed, and tho men were sent across to Havre the same night by tho Spanish 'VioeConsul, in the hope of being in time to meet the AImogavar, another Spans steamer then on her way from Southampton to the Spanish ports; but she had, unhappily, left Ilavre that very morning. This was the crowning blow to poor Gonzales, the boatswain, who, after such a long nud unjust impRsonmentk found himself on a strange shore, with but little chance of finding his way to his home and fanily; and his mind, which had sheown symptoius of weakneas during the voyage, completely gave way, and he is now in a lunatic asylum in Havro, raving,mad, with little hope of his recovery. His companion, rernandez, was sent back again to Southam ptn by the Spanish Consul at Havre on the following night, where he has since remained until yesterday, when he was forwardod on to Vigo by the Peninsular mail steamer 1uxine Sunrely, an Act of Parliament which permits such doings as are here narrated-wvhich drags men from their (familiesand employment, snd subjects honest fellows to the treatment of felons, with not a semblanco of a charge against them-cannot be allowed to remain on the statutebook a moment longer than the time necessary to work its repeaL. DESThtCTION OF WHEAT STACKS.-On Friday afternoon four large wheat atacks belonging to Mr. Wfillam Turner, a large farmer of Bideford, were totally destroyed by firo, and damage done to the extent of 500L. None of the grain, we are informed, ws insured The fire is supposed to have originatedby one of the men engaged in "thatching" the ricks having dropped a spark from his pipe at the base of one of tho ricks, and as the wind was blowing at the time in the direction of the other ricks (which wero in a straight line) t)pe wlieg Were quicklj, Co=umod,
AJLITABY AND NAVJAL ,iNTLLrazNoL The Jura steam trnsport arried at Porsomtth yW,.rday from Gibraltar, in 98 hours only, with the followln troops :-I field offioer, 2 captains, 4 subalterns, I sta4 ID sergeantg, 5 drummers, 229 rank and fil, 1 offiters ifeAM child, 17 soldiers' wives and 32 hbidren, of the 5Uth Foo4t; 2 field officers, Bcaptains, 18 subalterna, 5 Aaff; 46 aergejatsF, 20 drummers, 677 rank and file, 2 officers' wivee, I Child, 5LG4 soldiers' wives, and 57 children of the 30th Regiment. TheJ1a went alongdide Portsmouth Dockyard, but at the de. spatch of this report lat night (7 p.m.) there were noordersa for their disembarcation* on tbe contrary, an order to detain them on hoard pending the determination o2 the Waroffice. The SYlph steamvessel went Into Portgmouth yeterdayr from the Thatues, to embark reliefs of Royal Artillery forthe Channel Islands, whenoo she return with three companies, who are ordered to embark for India. The detachment of the 7th Dragoon Guards, which bae, been stationed at the Leeds Barracks for some months pea*, left Leeds yesterday mlorning for Sheffield, where they vlim ioin the head-quatters, on the way for embrcation for India. On Friday atroopof the 16th Lancers arrived !n Belfao on the way from RiLkenny to Edinbwxgh. They ldt for Glasgow by the Lynx steamer, whick had been speclllr chartered to convey them across the ChanneL The remainder of the regiment will follow in the ourse of thlc week. Tho 8th (Royal Izish) Iussars are under orders6 of readiness to embark for India. The troop under. the ocommand of Captain Seagar (a Crimean offlicer) wre inspected on Thursday by Dr. Lockwood, the rzglmental surgeon, with a view to the selection of the men fitted for. service in the East. The Termagant, 24, steam frigate, Lieutenant C. C. A. Kane in command, arrived at Spithead yesterday from tie' West Indies. She left Bermuda on the 4th of Angust with> 24 invalids from sundry regiments, under tho oommand of Lieutenant Collins, of the 26th Foot. Major-General the Hon. Sir amoesYorke Scarlett, K.C.B., Commander-in-Chief of the South-West District, wiIf, inspect the 47th Foot this forenoon on Soutthsea Comnaon, and the third battalion of the Soots Fusileer Guards abouti. half.past 2 this afternoon, weather permitting. Her Majesty's steam troop frigate Vulcan, 6, CommanderJohn Seccombe, will be ocially inspected this day on beiun rePorted ready for sea and to receive troops, by Admiral SirGeorge F. Seymour, KLC.B., the Port Admiral at Portsmouth. She is in all respects ready for sea, haiLng provi. dons on board for 1,000 men for three months, &c. The Cnracoa, 31, Captain Forbes, will be paid off atPortsmouth on Wednesday. The Nile convict-ship arrived yesterday at Spithead writh convicts from the eastward, and to take in more from Portgmonth. The convict-hulk Defenoe, having been sljifully lifted from her sunken position in the bed of the river, was yes, terday released from her moorings off Woolwich Arsenal, atd, having been lashed to a powerful seamer on either side,she was conveyed to the dockyard, and successfully haule& into dock, where she will undergo a careful s-rvey by th&e shipwright department. Captain PThring's company of the 2d battalion Royal Artillery arrived at head-quarterr, Woolwich, yesterda&34 huving been recalled to prepare for service in India, Major-General Williams yesterday inspected the threebatteries of Royal Artillery about to embark for the, East They were aocordingly drawn up on Wooiwich-eom. mon, and put through a field day's mano3uvres. The stean. transport Hydaspes went down toWoolwich by last nlght'v tide, and moored alongside the Arsenal pier, for thea embar cation of the above-named batteries, together with a troop of horse artilery. The 10th battalion, on acconnt of its extra strength having been appointed to the garrison duties dmringthe annual Inspection of last week, was yesterday mornjjg: assembled on the barrack field and inspected by the Commandant, Maior-General Sir W. F. WillixmL ad tff The naval transport Diligence has arrived at Woolwlcb, and is moored alongside the Arsenal oier to discharg her cargo of returned stores from Gibraltar. The screw ateamveseel Rifleman, from the South-East Cost of America, was yestrday warped into basin at. Woolwich to be paid off. THE MIILITIA. The Earl of Abingdon, Lord-Lieutenont of the oounty, has ordered the Royal Berks Militia to assemble on tha lst of October. It is not yet known what the destination of the corps will be. On the last occasion of its embodiment it was sent to Corfu. The 2d Regiment of Staffordshire Militia will be em.- bodied without delay, but in consequence of the absence of the Lord- Lieutenant (Lord Hatherton) no precise day for the assembling of the regiment has been notified. It isE expected that shortly after its embodiment the regiment will proceed to the south of England to perform garr°on duty. The Royal Wiltshire Regiment of MilitiA will be embodied in about three weeks. The 6th West Yorkshire Militia are to assemble at Halifs for training on the lst of October, the same day as the 5th are to assemble at Knaresborough. In addition to the six Irish Regiments of Miiitia ordere& to be forthwith embodied, the Arinagh Light Infantry, theRoyal Tyrone Fus&leers, and the Tipperary Artillery havo.. also received warrants of embodiment.
THE PBUSSIA N POLICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sfr,-I must apologizc for my tronbling you with anotherletter. As briefly as possible I shaUi relate the manner in, which my wife has been insulted by the polic of Hamburg jumpng at any opportunity to lick the feet of Prusia. On Thursday week my wife was told by a servant that. tv;o men wnted to see her. She met two disguised policomen, whom she recollected to be the same who had seized mypapers. These feUows said they were ordered to seizoagain the papers of my wife, to take her to the Townhail, and to use force it she should happen to offer any resistonce I No man being at this time in the country-hourse, only an old lady and some maidservants, my wife could not, but submit, and was carriod off, walking on foot between these two men like a vagabond or thief. Having waited in tho Town-hall for half an hour, sho was brought to the "Winzenbaum," a prison situated in the.- old city. vArred there, she was searched to the skin by thewife of the gaoler, and anything found about her seized. Then she was locked up in a common prisoner's cel. The other day she was taken before the senator, nob Blumenthal, another, "finer, but viler," as my wife describes him. He had the boldness to maintain that my wife had heen forbidden to come to Hamburg. This was not Bo, the poioe having only rovoked the permission to live in their city. By the kindness of tho Prussian Government we had been just in the same position in Frankfort; however, we lived a short distance off in Nassaun, and nobody did ever molest us when we visited the city. If we wonld have, stayed there for one or several nights without our host reporting it to the police, our host wouldhave forfeited a fineof is. to 15s upwards; nothing else. The kind host of my wife, however, who had omitted to report her, was not only sentenced to pay t2, but my wife was shamefully insulted by such an arreStation, and kept for eight whole days in a, common prison like a felon. The day before yesterday she was led br a policeman overthe Holstein frontier, in the same manner as is done witbS vagrants, Having anywhere in Germany more friends than the Prossian Government-the author of all our troubles-my wife found plenty of them at the other side of the Elbe. The Holstein authorities protected her, as they had done with meo for I repeat it; our passports were in the best order, anithere is not even the s3adow of an accusation advancod against us. This violence wonldbe thought harsh if committed gainst some suspected person without any legitimation; but it is. most base and wanton insult ag&inst a lady of my name, who is not only known by the Senators themselves to be or terms of intimate friendship with many of the most respf able ladies of Hamburg, but who is known, p raised, d admired thronuh all Germany by the wives and daughters ever; of our enemies for her most noble conduct. when I ws condemned to death, and afterwards when I was a prisoner. However, I think the senator will not get the Red Ea6le forit, but rather a rebuke, for my wife lived during my imprisonument for several years in Berlin itself. I thank you, Sir, for your kindly having granted so muceL, of your precious space to the protecting even of an oppressed' foreigner. I remain, Sir, yours most-obedientlv. OTTO VON-CORVIN. Brompton, Sept. 5.
TnE Colurm Frsnrzris.-The Cornish fishermen, havo been most successful in plying the pilchard fishery during the past week, two Gorran Haven selnes shot off Heemmick ha ving realized abont 800 hogsheads of fine fish. and several of the drift boats havo taken from 8,000 to. 13,000 fish per boat, the great bulk of which have beern saved for the foreign market, though large ruantities werea retailed at 2s. 6d. per basket or Is. 3d per undred. The, packets from ~the Irisb coast to Plymouth report the bys on the west coast as literally teeming with shoals of pi1 chards, and the boatmen all along the eoast as busy 9ayand mght in netting and landing their cargoes. The' mackerel fishery is also brisk on the South Devon oast; many tkousands of fine fish having been captured duringi the past week, at Budleigh Saltertox and alU along thointermediate coast to Plymouth numbers of these fiue fish. have been retailed on the coast as low as Is. per dozen__ but the great bulk has been sent off by rail to Bristol, Bath, and even London. tAdvertlsement.]-.The New Novels.-Pcblisbed by' Hunst and Blackett.-'fo be hsd at all the Ibrrlm-' Life and ltb. Reoities : by Lady chatterton. 3 vols.-IALdy Chattkrton' CevenoveL"-"Examniner. "Tbe Young Bi3de;" by MrB.L oog, 5voa- -"Tbe reader will rt wvith resret from the accoPlished autoo4sa who has so ably told the Porrow, the strugglfe, the victorie and t. rewards of the Young Bside"-" Observer2' "A Woman's lor - byMrs S. 0. Hall. S volis.-,,A Woman's Story may be hearti rs. commended."-" AtheexUm." " The Twro Artstocrades by brl G*o_e, 3 Tol-" The beat of ls. mGore's Ilter novels,-' Albensenu,: Tree to Nature " 2 vol&-' The repdAr will be at no loss for ausne mept Ln pers g' Trnoeto ,Natere.' Ithbas to reoomrend It an agresable style, ant some stuklgcvrntsand erctingcenes that are rletes lth rigour and vlvacity."-"' Sun" "N;othing New; " bv the author. of " ehn ~Iaif, Gentleman," 2 vole.-" Two volume, dlspslayngal thworsepeslor rnerit. wh(cb have made *JohHan lLfax' Ione GE se. mOs~onepur v. of the day."-" rost" " The Squire of Beech wOod, 3vol st ready. Ilurt and BIackett, 13, Great M%r1bormug slresa,
SALES by AUCTION. MESSRS. DANIEL SMITH. SON,ar.d OAKLEY"s . LORDER of SALE. for TElIS DAY, at the MNart. at 12. 1. Dsesirable FreeholdBEstate, at Cavecbam. Oxfordshize, conzisting of 88 crs o exelentlan, ivied ot theefarms. 2. A. very valuable Freehold Property, situate at allerille4, near laistow, consisting ot lie. lr. 35p. of building lan1,1and-tax releemed, within half amile of the Barking-road Station 0i the Forth Wfoolwich Railway,~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~Wolwc 1tj1ESSP S. FUJLLER and H68RSEY are instructed 1V1. t SELLby AUTION,on the Premnisee, Gun Dlock. No. 280, WITbOpping. THS AY,Septeber 8. at ii, by order of the Trustee, the STOCKof CAIN ndAC-HORS : 100 tons studded and short-link table and ot.her thee, nine anchors (from 2 owt. to 16 cu'L, five tor2 shackler, pulley vwheel, and deck pipes, five tons bar and rod iron, the tools of sith's shop, ne ton top and bottom to,ls and tongs, two anvils. cailes and weights, hammers, blocks and teals. taps and dies, foe chain rollers, a 40ton open barge, lug-boat, and other effects. To bo tinwed on Mtonday previous to thesale, vhen catalogues may be had on the premises: and of "eers. F}Uler and loasey, Billitersetrcet,E.. No. 9,. St. Pe ter'ssetre etRiRver-lan e, Ielin gton.-Fi rc 8al va ge,-To OiL and Colour 5ten. Furniture Broker-, ard others. ?ESSRs. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUC- £.TTON on the Premisasa above, on Thuirsday, September 10. at 12 for 1, the AALVAGE of STOCK in IRADE. Fixtures, UtensUs, Furniture. and Effects o2 an OIL and COLO-OR MA, comprising several cow. of soaps, whitelead, colours, cutmers, weighlng machines, mahogany chests of drawers, four-post bedsteads, featber beds, mattreseeu, blankets, sheets, mahogany cbairs, and a variety of effects of the usual desoription. On riew day prior and morning of sale. Cata. logues on the premises; at the auctioners' oties, IS, Hatton-garden and at their stle rooms, 41, Furringdon-street, city. lehold Ground Renuts ad Leasehold Frersises, Wandswor-h-.oad Suney.-By order of Execntor of the Late Thos. Batehelor, Eq MR. BRAY, jun., wiU SELL, at the Mart on 131 Thu-sday, Sept. 1O, at 12. a net LEASEHOLD G-OID RENT, of £43 5s, per annum, for 14 years. amply secured on honsssi in Clfton-street and thoWandsworth.road; also a well.se'ired Improved Leasehold Rental of £12 6s. Sd., arising ont of various houses In Si. Alban's terrace, and contiguous thereto, at Lambeth. In the county of Surrey, payable for upwarde of 60 years; alaso a Leasehold Private Residence, 18, ClIcherter-Phce. Wandswowth-road , held at a ground rces of £7; estimated value £26 per annum. Particulars and oondi. thone of sale mnay be had of Messrs. Bernard, solicitors, 14, York-road, Labtaeth : of Messre. Wilehire and Parris, erchitets aznd surveyors, 5 Weloinzh,m--sIaoo Lambeth ; at the Mart; the Svan, stockweil; and of the austlorieer, i6 a, Hing 2-road, Bedford-row, WOC. In Chanoery.- 'Turner y. Tatte'ssU and others2'-Two dv3rable flrst. claEs Long Leasehold FaiyRsdne,big Nos. 26 and lIE Cairl. ton-hiU east, Si. John's-wood, Middleex.-By Mes GREE ani STAXSIIY. the auctioer pone o htproeIusatt an order of his Honour o theVice-Chancell"orr Jobs tuar nted the 13th day of July, 187), at the Auotlo Nart, near the Bak ot EnrIand, To-morrow, S ptemher 9, at 12, In two lets *flIE property conai3ts of Two valuable fiust-clua 1J Long Leesehold lceidenoes (eeniletached), with front dnd back gardens, most eligibly situate, and being Nos. 26 and 28, Carlton-hlll cast, St. Joins's-woe in the county of Middlesex. No. 26 is let to A, Mitchell, Fee,, at te yearly rent of £82, anid is boeld for a tezim of Si years wanting five day from Midsummer. 181, at a ground rcnt of £12 er nnu: N. 1 isat resnt nle.bht is of the estimated valueof £85s tero 'annum,andisal2so held forla term of 99 years want- ing five days, from Mimer 1838,ea ground retr -eroan nunEs. R atiuars B a a c ndion Sof sole may L be ho feryJh c., at the Rectory, Dlanton, wasex, five miles from Brent. wood, an l fouramiles from the Rlytone at Witanford, e-Hope, ipon the Tiry and Snote nd Raiwa. ESSRS SELL by AUCmiL IO u the Premises, on 3Th d, Sept. 11, and foaowig day, OIOUSEOL FURNITURE, &e. The first day's sale wil coin. price comple ei of dintig and drawing room fmfornitSre in mahogany and maple ad, 3 eilegt chiney-glassee Turkey and Brusels carpets, pianoforte. rioeo vere hokae hosngravings, linen plate: plated articlescha, glstu On Friday, Sept. , wtl be sold thewle Rofoth moder chambert rugtnure, of mahogany French and four-post b . wardrobes, drawers, washttanda, and furniture, feateor beds and bdding, glasses, arpetin, dairy and culo i nary e b paeton a harnes, two carts, aol farden requl- lts. FrorncatalISues aplt the auctioneers, Writtlo, near Chelmsford, Basex. The Freazehold(Froperty,uford, Furnlture nad EffectiInvesamentc or Occupation. 1I,WESSRS. BROMlLEY and SON have been favoured with insTOetions to SELL by AUJCTION, at the Mart. Tomorrow (Weduesdey , Sent. 9. at 12. by directio orth ortgageea. In fouLr lota, FOUR FREEHIOLD VILLA REDE ES,pesnl eltuate, and being No,, 1. 2, 8, and 6, on the wi a few minutes' w of the ralway steation. Ral £140 pernreu Mar be viewod. Particulars had at the A-geetl dRd inSe Ilford; Bull, Barking. Kige's Haled Rse, mcord; Swa's, liSralfcey Bromley Arms, Bow; hpis'ugs. Richards and So,soico 2, Crown. court, Old Broad-street; Thos. Lewis. Fq.,surveyr a , , out Adelphl: place of sole: and of the auctioneer, 17. C berIal o1 n'Auctionnnd oms, agen.19, Hgh -street. igto.- uehold Fur. ture andfta. IR. ER.GOEIN vWll SELLS by AUTION, at,hi iLUng . i R ooms. 1 0. High-street. l,li3gton, en Wiednesday, Sept. 9 at 12, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE andEFFECTS ;coinprisiingmahogany tables, chains , waedrobes hbeffoniers bookcaen . chests of £3rawers. two ine-toned pianofottes, chimney and dreastsg glaetev. bedstea and bedding, a light chaiee cart, a capital ret of liarness, a few paintings and prints, and numerous other effeote. May be viewed. and catalogues heat thBeu ros15, High-etreet, Isliugton. The La ra3ne capital.ousehold F uitue nd Eeu f dea R FTCOX will SELL by AUCTION, IVJ.To-rsorrow. September 9. at 12 for 1 o'clock, the excellent modemn FURITURE of Beatifortottage, Welllngto-croad Bowroad, within fli .innutes of the Bow Station. North Landon line, eom. priaing handsome walnut-wood, sutte ofdrawing-roomn fmmiture in green satin, chimney glaCesm, Brumels carpeta and rugs, Spanios mahoganiy diningt tables, chairs dinner waggon, elegant chimney ornaments, ottage plauoforte, mahogany Arabian and Frenoh bedsteal mand furmiture, priud r goose feather boos and mattressea.Wit.ey blankets, roreletep washstands, chest of drawers, tlilet glasses and the usual coember reqiasttes, china, glasse and kitchen requisites. Maybe viewed the day previous and momrn of eale. The Lea, o of 12 years of the above desirable Residence, will ebeold peoLsely at2. Par. tioars and chaalogures on the premisea, anid of Ifr. Thomas Fox auctioaeer and house agent. 913, Elehopsgate-atreet.altbiri Productive long Leasehold liStates, OlIdKrn trahmd, R., J. . GOVEd R will SELL, at the Mart, iL Tomro,Sp.9intolt.12bIk-buizlt DWELLING- HOUSS, welledrainedanid suephw°igtplAred with water,also sheds and eteahung, blein Nor. 10, 12 to 27, 3 to 7, 18 toaWea 25 to 28r30 and 31* Love. On Bianadte Downs, Gothic Villa, and four acrts. P_,ff ALFRED COX will SELL, on September 23, M bl e Mart, WALTON LODGE, gardeni, and pDMdock, fronting hinhi ., near Sutton, etheam, and Epsom; hall, threesitting. seven bedea rooms stahlespenc3,nti v rew.-Auctioneec'a offcesa, Bond. street. and baker-atreet. Camden Villas, Camden-road, near the tarnpIke.-ltodern Houere hold Furniture, brillant Chimney and other Glasoses Giraudoles, Ornameats, Clocks, &e, R. W. W. LUCKING will SELL by AUCTION i Ion the Preistoe, a above, on Thursday, October 10. it 12, al' the modern and nearly, new FURNITURE, comprising drawing room suites In walnut and roeewood, brilliant plate chimnes-lasge 61 by 80, in richiy carved and git fremes, boo, card. Sont occasional .Uhles, wbhatnot,s, mnarqusterie cabinets. BrueselIs and other aroaces. rdse. toned full-compass pianoforte, Franch andI other clocks, ant. ornamental items; the dining room furniture oousslts of Spanish mnahogany chairs and coucahes covered in leather, easy chairs,telescope dining tables, 7*feet sideboard, dinner waggon. t-able and desser sevics, hin, pate aricls. fe pantigs ndprints Ithe bed room coprie Sanih mhogay Aabin bdstad,clean b,ect and bedig wnedwrdoe ih ltegls do, het f rwes Hacneywts.-SallLoasebold Investment.-By order of she Admi nistratrtx of Mr. Jobn Sherman, decewasd, .MRB. MOORE will BELL by AUCTION, at the T-LMart. oa Thursdsy, Sept. 17. at 12, in one 10e, FOURt five-romed DWELINGHOU8}H. In Pro pet-place, Wick road. No. 8 (i. coonupation of vendorl, annual rontul £15; Noe 6, 7, and 9, let at £42 la.: vendor paying rates. Termn74 years; groundrent £12 Partinolapsof Mr. Leedbitter. solicitor, 7, Staple-inn, B.C. ; a-t tho Mart; and at tho IauctIoneer'g officesl, Mile-end-voad. E. St. George's eat-bmall Leasehold I vmtmnt By order -of the Executors of Mr. Jmeane Voller, dPeweaed, R.MOEwill SELL by AUCTION, at the MronThursday, S'3ttormhr 17, at 12. in two 1its, TWO) fi.e-. Iroomed HO USES Noe. 5 and 5. Johu-etreatt let at £7 2c. * term 15 yas rudrsent £5 12s. ed And a silnt,ar Ronce, Bo 13, bernwallstet;let at ,,,t9a 19r. ;tertrn 35 -,ew3s ground cent £2212a 6d. Vendor I paysrateg. Closets penned anritrapreil. Particultasa tthe Mart,and I tthe auctioneer' offlce,. Mdile-epr-road, F. Foreat-gate.-Leasthold Property. let at £li-5 for Invetiunent, MOOR wil SEL by i3CTION, att the of te Mat, n Thrady. iporsher17. t 2. ins three lots joy norde Bbs 118, bapl*eree, amd to , Pr etste. Went Hero, Essex, xes 98yeas. roud ent £1 fo eah it.Parlieirni of Messan. Templ andWindor. 'sictors 4, lomfeli.tro F, H. -,Eagle and end-road, E. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ofce, UO Stepney-green.-Two breeold Houae and i trsi tie -Tower H-nlets Cemetery, for iuve-cnts,t. 1JR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at tho ML..ldart. on Thuseday. Eett. 17, at 12, in tbrcs, lots, TWO FREE. HOLD HOUSES, 9 and 10, (,arden.otrtet. Stepuvy-green,. Iet at £31, vendor paying ratts (£4 Ba.). closEtsU nnd and t-ai-ped and five £10 Shares (aI paid up), Ill the CitY Of Lor.do01n and Tower Hamolele Cems tery Company, now payin,g a large. dividend. ?srttcilars; of Me63stro,' Badderley, solicitors, 48, LemRas-treet, E. at the .alert ; and at the auctioneer'ls offices, MIle-end-road. E, Bear Mile-end. Gae-xesv r,re,sia,efraCwkeeper-, Carmn, o Conracor MR. MORE wll SEL byAUCTION, at- the n Tursay.Setemer 7, t 2, n oe lt,avalnable age o Rdmane-rss- Stem.e. cerisl so'.l.srs of r.Prence,solcitr, 3$,Whin.lape-rod. tbte Start; and at the %JR. MOORE wfi SELL by AUCTION, at the mViMart, on Thuraday~, September lT,ait l2 in one lot, by orderof the Slortgazee.FOUR blx-roomed 11. UTSES onea acorer ibop.Nos.5 tos, WIliamstret,Saopet-steet rer GO~,-rod.let at e7sGm., vendor sin rtes 8 yeas. o.lit £4: ed In- one lot Two Free-. Idouss, te Wik-roa. Hakneywicklet at 112, vendor payingrats, bou £4 Paticlar ofMr.Pr,1-tce.solicitor. 238, Whiteoha-siroa. H lio. ixo, eIcior,3, ings ench-waek, H~O.- at he art en attheaucioner' ofice, Mleend-road. H. land vestiment. frOCDtO M .moo E will SELL by AUCTION, at the ro Med oTbD saySe hr 17, at 1. in four lots, SIX sIxroolnedWLLIN-BOUR with werh-bouass and gardns,in the Wentwortlb-roadt, near the Bown Ra~il,ray Statio,. No. 5 in coompatlon of vendor; Noe. 6,8. and 9. let at;M each: Nos. 7 and 10 kept in hand. for the convenience of perEone purchasing fi,r occop*tlon. Term 90 years; gr.ound rent £4 IOs. each. Particulars of leeves. Norton, Sen. end Elam, solicitors, 1. New-street, N.E at the Start ;l and at the auctioneer's Offices. Mile-end-roasi. R Nitar StePney UChurci,~-Sme.ll Le'aseholds.peico 18aya,I foeer lots, for invaeetm elr.. R.MOORE wIl SELL bY AUCTION, at the .LY'l Mr, on Tomenda7, Sept 17. at 12. SEVEN' HOUSES, Gamin'sbuildlings, Catherine-street, let at £110 29., termn 1.8yearn, rent £-10' Two Houses and Shops, 9 and 12, Hlenry-street. le' at d48 2s. term 711 yeas, roud ent£13 To Hnry ad ihesa,1 -and2I. HEny-etreet, letat 35 s.,ter 3syean, oun ret £1;end (a, Dwelling-hoage, 26, ssteldstret,letat 14 9~nter 17re: r?, ground rent £-5. Vendr pys rtesanntaxe. Prticlar ofMe rse. Chester, solId.I torn 1,Cliuch-ow, ewiyton S. at he art; end at the auc- inCscr,Cn isva t,.Sm v . a '=-V aluble L~eea hod poucn Zsk( per annum for ft rvestment. - 1IJT. MORE ill SELL by AUCTION, at the £VJ art, on Thkurselay. Bepteminhe 17, at 12, with the approbation of the Vice-Cbsnoellor Sir Jobn Stuart, in asven lots, an sigbt-roomed RESIDENCE. 14, &let-Plaoe, C5ommfercial-rad, let at £36, term 31 I-arn, ground rent ,6*an ateight-tommod residrces, 2, Smorneret-place, £iw-rnad, Wbttechapel, let at £26, termn 30 s eers, grouLnd rent £03 l0s.; a 10-roomned bouse with extentysv stabhing and catrmeu's laremitee, In~ Well-street, EAst Smithfield; slwo six hon-e" a'd shonm Med other premises a'iOjlDiDR), annual rental £110, let oin lease for whole term (39 years unexpired) at £90, reserved rent £ 70. three houses, one a comnes shopa 6, 7. and 9, Kbrw-road, St. George's. let at £71. term 29 years ground rent £11 ; two houses end shoms 15 snd 1 9.e New-road annual rental £60. let en lease eight years uneinlred at £e4v, term ~ I years, ground rent;£20; extenaire promaises in Church-lane, WWit-ehapeL. in the occaoatlon of 7dese,sm Fairrie. bugar refiners, let on lease for whole term at £70; also a booze andl ehop, No. 10O adjomieg. let at VS3, term 15 pears, ground rents £3; anid four house', (one a hntche,'e shop) in Providence-row, near the Thre Coltta, Old F )ri, let lmoe mn lease) at £3l, term 40 years, grounA reut £20, Descriptive perticrUars of XaMer. Pry and Loxley. solicitors 80. Cheapslde. B.C.:. NMesrg, LHoesey andl tSon, solicitors, 8, Tiank-chsabn-ern BL.C. a' the taUrt ; and at the anntioneer'aoffice.. Vitle-end.road. RH Jioumiey, Mdittasex, ser Ite principal entrance to th East India H. ROW an T,A, ROBERTS will by ACTIN, t th lIa-'on Thursday, September 24, t 1. totwotote FOR DWLLIGItOUSES9 being No& 1.Sto 21 icluive Alortatret. t. eoar2~.rod, rorsley, let to Mess-rs. Horn,and ther espetabletenats, tarentsamunting to £100 16,s. per nnu, an hed drectfro thefrebeler. for about 80 pears, at a grund entof £ perannm eah hose.Mar be viewed, and prined prticlarshadof W It.Newaead,F,.., 18, Ely-place. Hot. horn andof Mssrs Heny Brwn ad T.Ap fberta, 22, Throg- Strad.-First-rate corner Prmss utbofr a pu-blic opa with posseasson :also a well-secured Leamehld Investment. 1lESSRS. R. BROWN anidT. A. ROB3ERTS wMl M11 SELL by AUCTITON, at the M-art, so Tiur day, fSeptember 24, at 12, in two lots, tile capital meoSern cornr 31LEof GIt.1)NGS, for mDany years known as DOyley's, in the ocoeipation of Miessr. Gteorge Ilbbeand Co.. woolleadraeers situate 316. Strand. thecorner of Wellington-street, coomprielng extensive aslop and show rooms, and numnerous lofty rooms ortthe upper floors, with distinct 1astvatqeetrance. Possession will be, given. Held for a te7in, whereof about 43 years are unT#epie,aareto 40Ieaso36aStadkow as Wyatt'sZA retoffe £l0 annm and held fore term, ' whereo absou a3 yearst ofre runepre,at Carpentr of£9 per annum. ty.he viewe by orer. mofo ore theriftefLnaont.Prteprtcarbdof ess.Cd, KinEdoSSndCoto. ROBINctoS,0 iRin' SEL eL byad A CIO N,gt atrt atthe Ms;rn Rofomes. HnCOentgryeBrOwn anrd5' Aex. aoets 12%wthu bed-inoteasoedng.ooffeet omdo.,decfln ndi fet loief.-IeSl oslf uncleared byI uea-r,ad1 oaltfrom th e Saoe Aat sthe Pe by sevehpuolus6orandat te nlo o a om Agst4h;asoaqantity o rms .pt.i Wcp dtof Brusselsvarpets and p iclaeu roperty,drce ob fordb h Saler ir orde ofg the Sherfst ofd Landiron.aepoedn i SRS. ROBINS isinsrctdt SELL by AUCTIN,a Ml hi RIOom, inth Covet-gre, on Thursday, nep embo17 at 1. audtpeut resere A7hlots of vikamriousd, earitgouts,Inluin th eilan ICoS&,a bed-teads,n bedding. alffe broms doors the dcetcllen mo-drng eftencts by eeven mcteesurosndalso ary,anilnty 1bresris carpaets n.go conbieln, aeondtayvarietydof preopety directed iam bersoldeby the dSheric.o tiondof. On vrciewct of-emincew-a, Cn oventx caDreen, eneri mrom enethetfoNe-reshe Statimond,tithnmeo usa facilities fprreacnts- toesig ethertwest endn imomediftyate rof excc et rootion, ErLug ewubedchiber an dred roaiSeptembrg,ant 13.andt pr-o a etb 4 deninghtfulh gandvery complete '2 ee b REIGNC , know fasoushton Villae, w itcham-rna.laing rout"" ofntenLearaantroaestla siutOnffiebering allnte charmsn of th canrriag dorive aad Ig ,expltesure beenreen,wtblywerectedi the rmort culoutantipaul ner.ude wthgeatdirecmootcompete or te acommdatin tfaefsnide.I Teproerety ~l~s;v~ edcembe an drssin rom,ybelegatdawingd coonr off beow fROnt i garden,cthearig drve andL Iy AUCTONpeaur g -as-en wthe lawn, oaTthu redar. ,ldeot and er7lau'e 12,withourattante othpre mise tes ofA MEssrs. GOOyeDWILoftetwelghtksownicitors, othbr aful D O FiuE ndy , sROliitr 6OS, eFtrbivab,l's n at tha Auction 2 Mtart.My bhe priewedossby carsonlyswiderbleamay heobtaneod at Ma. Rob dnis'spato m i te, hloeu-andextn. aono h gom lo,ofr no.R2 everycnvenienceto chelebrated and luraqetvermDintinEstablisht an . prospru coomeut,whith Imm ediate posesson. ayb bd ihtles.tte hu1Mears,oneThureday.etme 7 at 20 gie, witho. Manyb rieserv,thLAS and GOODWna ILLa o the theawll-kn:own and success.z flCOrtFFEt ltand C oPthby;oUSE,r etBlicshed y. r Hunctr, atrv82, stre,Stad Thprend ises pser A cton siderable & upsars.acommbsodftces fo ining, partl-ies,wt n. etnieslo ntegon lo,Ofr Csrtwreht. oilrls~LotbI; ofmSt.-,tBicn. soBctr, , urreor. Pt-rca, Covol-varmodn and7 flloingday, a 12for1 ach dnay,the splendid as aerd IIA rm oulu mronse chia.smte ond rVeto esigns, Brin gaz.! randrgArns CHnDELIoEm, gImpros and-seraojtur, margbnd, globula, eimndis,fbrakt and surspenin lamps, onnmr-ouslobirros walll Inuigia. dolenes, rench ornaensOr-~plmouoadbor rcesadh cices,vt. es a andgatetcc, candaelar. ind kqerltands, A debtset. car strays, and cut-dtIerstustruc,ancy1articles In gas, csenparLs andf B bracketsafdrMgns, ftherms. hsean ritcdsin,i a variety,aMare'ratit on FrencY h shades,bser hs co A avlumnse Formode ralyeiur l abops InBohemian m glass andscrpetle adMarblte,giltobes, chaney foDris-allvsrts ,mofrlamps,andnuerubsOthnilyer effots, ainluding iOus.heelvans nd fctor plan. Caalog essoteiauthoner, by 8,s Recentstreet. Waiu-trerlorspoae,tgrdu-eelr,Wths Kent.neRSIamga MEE FAcgat, SOe R nd SO'slny.A dlgtN vll MsIaELLFreehol eerldeurns, nd 23arest, iovnthegarise s TI St.V Lawe tince .an istoII. EgLhs eeaC,~K n ATM diIR. t . A. A KLp pa e Y wri im llre poSELLzkl byandwatrIO , gat Lbina,thdiart,ond Frinad li.and Se temer18 vsiatl 12 aual.HE fully situatle,aotI mrle from theKnsgl and M3il:arate Statioths, sidc n xcllntrepir peaur ad redcie ice gardeON s,il town captalour-uilings grenhose, eab ive. ards varlnasin cottges sodshot 112 ares f sperir lnd, oeety e a Is. Th farosli poitin o ths popety nd ts asyac,rs ith rbybet- A largeo Assmblage of capital modern Furnitcre. Pianofortes. Chimney, ZRIRSS80. 600 TOIs, of Books, Paintings Esagravings, and numero3us Effects. MESSRS. OXENHAMN w'il,l SELL by AUCTION, ivi attheirRooms 353,Oxforft-,treet. sear tIle r2ar.theon, otn FrIday next. at 11 frer 12 punctually. a large a&sembla1,-e ef capitel mnodern IUILNITURE, Including handsome Arabian and four-pa t bedsteads and hangings writh bedding oocpjuolc secondjary duttw,, winged andplalnwardrobeod.-awsen w,,~bashs..End,dressing tables, toilet glasses and tables, do.; drawing room, dining rnona, and library chair-.. sofs, onces,andea. chIrs cutaIs, on ard occ.-ieoval and sets of inig tble, hImey nd ierglsse, pccoo.cottage. and cabinet reAncam, Colnwall.-Importsnt acud extensive fatannotactorme Pre- znaies, held at a eround rent, boscudrul lay tbr see ae.aL in the ossupatIon of the London and Pesrance S,-rr-stntl.n Cs"spanr Also the valuable Plant and Macihinery, the Stock In Trade, end the Lease of Six Quries. lVB0YE has been Inestr-ucted by the Official IM i qStdaor (appointed by the Court o1 Ch,no.sy Ca wind up the above company) to SELL by AUCTION, at tGarraways Coffeehouse en Wodnerday the PlsM of September, at 12 o'clock, the aborvoVAL'UABLE PiOPERTY. Thopremies,araexteusiv,,,have been bulilt writh sftone dozing the last four yeses in the most. complete and suWtatntial Manner at a6 cost Of Teyr-rl thoarsand pa minda, and contain a noble show room, factory. cr &-nneanA tssrnera' thops polIshing engine and stern rooms, srmthy, boiler-houpe. Wage shed yard ka. A eo a derrablo IPlot of Rltldltg Land, having a fr,mntoz.e o208 feet. The machinery Is of the boat description an,i in excellent workteg conditIo)n, and will be sold with the lease. It oconistsu of two high. , Vprsure steam-Ongtues 11 tnunIng lathes exprs v-nosyawing frames, c.The purchaser of the lease and plant will hare the option of eating theo stash of serpentine stone and Slelliai, enarble. concurring chle% jOf chimney plowe at Penmceo and London. or eith",, at a. fair veIuns n To any- party ,teurousu of embarking In this business a mnot desirable opportunIty Is hereby offerAd teit the premies f romi their extent and eligible sitnation and froam their posse-sing every, modern Improvemnent offer unusual adantagos for man"y oth,r manufactriAng purpses,A pan ad ssraton ar b sen a-t the auidtiouleee's offcer Te pemies plnt,an stck aybe viewed on appliation to r. rahin, etie pemses PatIulasway he had there of Caterrs. luttrs ad Ad solcltes. 4, Ulh-ste'-t Souhwer; of H. royurdll Esj,,offcI~I iqudatr,84.H&snghIlctr~s;atthe prinipa hoelsat lymeth nd rur; a l5arawy~. an )Ithe Pottoe.-lacwad' Pao,,WaLtford, Harts. MIjR. ElUMBERT Will SEL~L by ATJOTIOX, by LIdirection of the Earl of Essex, at th, Kingr'sead pzxn Watifo.l on Tuesa Speber 15, at 3, five acrS or capital REGEN,T anid I1W1KE VP6TATOICR. C atognes maybhehad at theplacoeof ado;of 1esrs Pers and Wall, 34, Poultry, Lo"don and fre by post of Mr. Hobr,laud aget aud survajror, Watford, flerto. Fat Oxen, from the Grove, WaLtford. Merna, te property of tbe Earl of Cla.rensdon. MEJ - "HUMBERT will SBLL by AUCTION at LT. Lawo' Farm, Watford, on Friday, Sept. 25, iby pxMn?eri.su of the Earl of Essex, with his Lordship's fast stock,) T'WELVE fat SCOITOH OXEN inL excellent conadltios. May be viewed by applylnC to Thomas mendhiram at the Grove ; an-d on the morning of sale, a- Harwood's Farm.L Catalogues may shortly ha hAd of Thomas htend. bamn; of MEr. Swanstone, Hanwood's Farm;- of Mr. Mav, surreyor. Cl, Park-street, Grosrenor-suare. London; - 4 Meomre Plaws end. Wal', auctioneers and aurreyors,3i,Poultry,Londoa; and, free by poi of Air: Hobr,land agent and surveyor, Watfortl, Hercta nn al ae of Fat Stork arid Poultrs. at '~as-,ohory WatfordK,.;ere the property of the E*rl of Rs.ex. M~R. ]HUMBERT will SELL4 by AUCTION, at iVHaz-wood'h Farm,Watford,Herte, &b-.mt a mile from the Watfor I Btation. on Friday, Sept. 25, at 12. TEE IRTV-FOUtt fat OXEN I 12 fine fat Hereford bullocics, SO handsome f.t pigs, 400 fine tat wether sheep, all in good condition, and seone poultry; also two useful cart horce,, May be viewed by avplying to Mlr. Bwaurtontr, at Harwood's Farm, of ,whom cataogues mayhebhad, and on the mrnmigo of.ae Oatalogue; mnay also he had of Mdesre Plows and Wall, auctioneere and sur,eyors, 34, Poultry, Monion; of Afr. Alar, aurveyor, 61. Parlrstreet, Grosvenor-equare, London; anid free by poet ot Mr. Humbert, land agent and surveyor, Watford, Herts. Houehod Frolor, Lve nd ea St~ck atEutbury [lottw. Watford Hess, 1 mlesfromthePinnr Satin, and 31 Miles fross the WatordStafon onth LodonandNorh.Wesiern Railway. MB, UMB RT s intrutedby Mms Marsh (the -SA etae eig sld t SLLbyAUCTION On Monday, Sept, 28,at t 'clck a ORTONof he eselent VOUSEIIOINDFURNITUtE,at Estbrv.comprising beds, bedding, mahogany ward. rohe, panoortrn,boocases, chests of uLrawers, kitchen utensils, and ranmron itms; lsathelive and dead tetocs, comprising 20 sewnep two row,,6 a cowInfl milk, a heifer In calf, two donkeya, pouiltry, & % ; also a Wodlake'e oat-crusbor, fArm carts aud harness a large sealable carriage or omnibus, hurd]Lee tools, and implements. May be viewed the day preceding the Wae. catalogues may shortly be had oif.Mesre Plewe and Wall, auctioneer and eurvesors 34, Poultry: of Mrg. B. W. iay ereyor, SI, Park-street, Or-svesor-..srare ; and free by pool of Mr.T Inmhiert,'land agent and surveyor, Watford. Valnablo Frontageand ilmportant7Freehol ieatheBhy tation, at Watford MR. HUMBERT is inatrticted to SELL by AUCLTJTION. at the Wheataheaf Inn) Watford on Friday October 2, at I o'clock, TWENTY-TWo FRBEElOLD 6OTrA(slo, known as Flint Hail, Watford. glees to the Railwa~y Sz%tion, and afft rell; a very valabl an apculitr Inestent Iayhe viewved by perrusslon or the tenants. Particulars may he had of Mresrsr. Plows and Wall. auc-~ tioneers and sur-veyore 31, Poultry; of M6r. May, 61, Park-street, GroTeanor-equase Lxndon : and free by pest of Mr. Humbert, land aenet and surveyo. Wattford. Herts. Caspital Smalli Farm for OsDmpation or Inves tment at Oreti, near1 Grane Estsex. MR HMBERTWill SELL b7 AUCTION, at w.teAcon Mart, Lond,m, on Mondcay, Oct. 5th, at 12, a small, comp)act, andTvery improveable FARIT of 2l acres, with valuabe rights of pasturae, near Oreett eoun, situa.te four miles from the railway station, at Grays May be vlood by permr.isionof the tenant. Air. C. Greenaway. Particulars man' be had a' the Knings-anus hotel at Grays, at tha AUCtion Mart; of Messrs FlaAlgate, Clark, and 0 inch., 30 Craven-strieet; of Moscra. Plows and Wall, 34. Poutzry. London: andI of Mr. Humlert, land agent and surveyor. Watford. Herte. In theneli;bhourhoo of Oaobn -ToPrvt Rsdecs,wl and aubt ilybIlt in the year 18?4. lIA. URRELwl SELL by AUCTION, at the MVI.M-art, on Thursday. Seteomber 10, at 12 for 1 o'cloak, In two lots, TWO capital briez.bulst private RESI DENCES containing eIght rooms, garden. &c., in a goodi, open, and cheerful sitniation, in ti-e highy rnpetabs nighouroodof Canonbury and Illeibbury, being Nos 10an 11 Prtlndplae,New Norab-roal, close to the New Rivr, et o espctaleterntsatrents amounnting to 482 per annum'; heldforan uexpredterm of St yerar, at a ground rent af £6 IO& eac. My b viwedby permtweon of the tenants Psatcolarehad at he art an ofMr.Murrell, auctioneer, hr. 1, Walbrook, city. tippr (apto,-AdetahedResidence wi_thlarge Garden, -Stabllng .c-By order ot the Executrix. B.L MURE4.LL wil SELL by AUCTION, at the Kalon Thursday, September 10, at 12 for 1 o'clock, by, order of the ExecuWiri a well-built detacebd RESI DENCE, oontaining nine bed rooms and three sitting roomis, domestic offlces, stabling, farm, fMad, and large groundis, with greenhouse, vioery, and kitchen garden, the whole abeut 11 acre, situate between Stamford-hill and Clanton' )mown as Myrtle Cottage Brookt-streot. The growing scarcity of this class Of house In the neighbourhood of London makes theta eore valuable every7year, Thr premises man beviewed, Partlcnaacrshad or Wm.Cox, Esq., Pinner's-hall Old Broad-street:3t the Mart;sand of Mfr. Murrell, auctioneer and land agenxt, 1 Walbrookr, city. Household urniture,near Rcrodhig MESSRS. GAI)SDEN. TERFLO and ELLISwill ELL b AUCTON,1o the Peiss aey Cattps.Twikenam.madoe, earRichrmond.bridg,o-Tely thelat ofSepembr,at 12fort1, tho excel' ent FUINTR ad EFFCTS; cin riingAraianand other bedatt-ads,bedn,hst of dawes, arbe-tp wsh-andstan-d and dreBsing ~avs I 4 dinig rom bate, ad lrge Oak dining table. drawigro un tor, mrqeteistabe.and Occasional tables in wiu od chimey-lass feder Andfr Irnsn, elegant china desser and Isa servics, itcen equetts, c. aybe viewed the day precedjingand morning of se,Ctlgemaheadat the Castle Hotel, ichmond ; on th rmss n tteas aae,WtnterilOod and Ell'soffics15Ol rdste,ciy tsnnck,nearingatestone, Easex.-TbeFurnitu-reand EJctsof a gentle- man reov"Iin. MIjESSRS. GAD3SDEN. WINTERFLOOD, anad ELLIS wOiSEL bAU.CTION.onuthePremisesa,Greenwools Stock, near luganestone. on Wednesday, September 16, at 12. the FURNITURE anid EFgECTSof the above residence, comprising bed. ateads and bedding, cheste of drawers, dresbing tables and gass au's the usual appendages for bed chambers, drawing and dining room furniture. cabinet pianoforte, bookcat;e, bilIaIrd table, Oil paintlogs an~d engravings, carpets, curtains, fenders and fire irons, kzItchen rer4s11. cites, outdoor articles iron lWede roller, chaff-cuttinig machine, fowls, and miweUellncs effects. Ma be viewed two days previonsly, and on the morninugof sale. Catalogues may behadon thepremises; at the inca In tho neighbourhood, and at Miesrs, Gadsden, WYinterbood, a-nd Elli's office, IS, Old Broacl-etreet, London. Isligtcu-Leae an GoowillOf the BSniDeSS Prem ise, ately coQn-U pled by Mr. Rugt. Hesiey and Glover, a Buankrupt. JWSSRS.PLEWS and WALL are directed by the Azoignees, to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises on Friday, September 11, thLe LEASS, Goodwill, and Fixtures of the capital besiness premlaes~ situiate 32, Heodge-row, lelington, held for an unexpired term of 11 years at a rental of £120 per 'unum. Particulars and conditions of sale may be had on the premises, and of Meinrs Flows and Wall, 34, Poultry, and Clapbam-road. In Bankruptcy--Stock in Trade of a Ruilder ~and Contractor. lIESSRS. PLEWS and WALL atre directed by the M VJAssignees of 'Ay. Robert Johnson, a bankrupt, to SEtLs by AUCT!ION, on the Prems, at Phebnlx-place. Oalkhlorpe-street, Gray's-lnss.rcod, on Thursdy,Sp:tebe'r'17,and following day, the estensive STOCK in TRA&DE; oompridotg a large quantity of battene,, planks, quartering, deals, timber, panelled doors and sashes, mouldine, builder's ironmongery, hose and carte, and numerous other ca's tomary effects appertPtcing to the trade of a builder andconutractor. May he viewed the day preceding the tale, and catalogues bad on the premises; of Me4ssrs. Young andq F,ens, solicitors, 129, Mark-laos; and ofteauctioneers. 4t, Poultry, and Clapharn-road. Lough;ton, close to the Statlon.-Tlhlrty choice Plots of FrehldLad, for Villa and Shoms lIAR.MARMDUKEMATTEWS wil SELL, ~1J atth Mat, n uesay,Setemer22, the SECON-D PORTIONof areo deirabe FREHOL ESALTE On all 10 acr),s, embrcineall he hgh oad rontges,andpresenting m)st favour- othr eectons-F,tat-oflce, Fnohry antchncon. City-road, Sxwell-built Residences, Tudor and Pery Villas. on the St. Thomas's Hoerital Estate. Hlackaey, offering secure Invesftmen(ts, and Building Land at Brentwood and Edmonton, MARMDUKEMATTEWS wui SELL the o Tueday,Sept 21.in sparate ,sts, Ncg. I aud 2, and an 6, udo- Vilas Tudr-rad, andNo.Snt 4. Pery Vill-a and orsmlo ateasl daes f rquIed: lsoEigt Potsof FreeholdLan, nar he ailay satin a Brutwod,and Snail's-park Edmocon.Fstae Ofice, Fiebuy, PntecisiOnCity-road, near Hibly profitable Investment in a long Leas-hold Estate, sllgit',-' aitoate for permanment and improvable ormuystiou at Edmonton, On the high road to Ware, dc,peeiga ergte improved rental of ;£319 -royannum, o 7 er to onme. TORN DAWSON and SON will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Miart, near the Rant o-f Engiland. To-miorvow September 9, at 12, In tour lota, a valuable LEASEHOLD EST!ATE' producigngers yearly Improved rentals of £N10s.tOen.£7 lO&..£77, ant £100 respectively, held for a term of which 47 years remnained nninxtl'.ed at Christmas lent, subject to a ground rent of £01 a yeaLr, and suh'et chiefly on building leases, at yearly rentalsam%nounting to Z£4f0 per annum,. secured by buildings of miany timoes the value, and in a situation coinmmandig a responsible and cons,tant tenancy. Particu. lam ,wltbconditions of sale.,may behad of lir. EL B.Qulck, 27, E r- place Holborn. solicitor ; at the Mart: and at MAne-ra. John Daws.sn and Son's auction office As,Mrlborough-chambners, 49. PalI.maiL The remaainig Household Furniture and Effects, at Hawkt-hnunc.. Sunbury, hMidalesex. _TOHN DAWSON and SON will SELL by AUC," TION, upon the Premises, as above, on Tuesday, Sept, 15, and tr'llo,wmc day, at 11 each slay, all the remaining excelilent mtn-1.-s NOUSEHOLD FUTRNIFiIIE; oomprisitgnumnerosus ahongany f 'urpoet bedsteads, also, japanoed and Iron bedsteads, seod heldli'-g. mxrble-top wsalshauads. mahogany dressing tables, toilet and cb6vs glasses, capit,l mahogany winged and other warJrobea, chintz, of drawers, and other bed room furnIlture, dining room ebQsir In Morocco, Turkey and Brussels car.,ets, mahogany peisesal enclosed sideboardl, patent and telesope extending dining tables, chimney glasses, secret%ire, fauteutlIin morocco. a 6J-octia ve eagrand piano, In handsome ressewoodI case, rosewood oentre and earl tables, rota table. rosewood chairs, seats in damask, sotas and cans chairs, or-menlo chandeller,a Frehciflek, teapoy. damrask curtains, ro,ewood commode, a few paintings,and other usmual furniture of tIe sitting rooms' a stone chIna dinner norr-ies,table china and glus' a patiec mane, and varione kitohen and offloe furmiture and viteallds, also garden tools, iron rollers ladders, t'sp frmtework of a seven light pit, garden engine, some cameelis. arsiess. and Other plants, sheep cribs, pig troughs, a oow In fnUl milk, and a good carriag horse, a. re cently new manure cart, a Lght cart with for-p and tadl ladders a boat rome poultry, and various other items upon the reraemnes To bevriowe on AMenday, the 14th inst. Catalogues may be bad on the promises: a't the lannsin the neIghbourhood:; and at John Dawnan and Sons, la-Il and auction olloess, Kingston, and Marlborough-ohamirers, 49, Pallmall, Elegant modern Furniture, G-IPlrculo Pianoforte In ral-sst-treo -are P1 Cabinet ditto, Glass 74 by 30 and Oinsole Table, Two Classes 79 by 16, valuble Regulator, Rerigerator, Mason's Iron-alone Dinrs" Service, and Effocts, removed from Fimehley, by order of the Executors. R. B THMASwill SELL by AUCTIO1N, ct HUEHIOLD FlBR UE comprising a drawing ro-om sugte of French damnask curtains, writh gift cornices, rosewood chairs. couch-v and easy chairs, walnut-tree and rosewood lee, card, and tancy tabces: tapestry pattern and otter Bruwsls carpets, cbeffonley with plate-glass doom and marble top, usthoganry chairs oovered In leather and hbx!cottIs. couches,got of capilal telescope frame dining tables 10 feet by 4 feet 10, noble pedestaLl aideboazd, dinner waggoe, cylinder and other writng tble mahgan fou-pos an Araianbedsteads, brass sod irondito, attesss, eds an bedin. lpaned chamuber furniture. reurbe-topwaskaends,toile cud heva rel-e.cstofdaer ValuableTeasebold Investment, Woolwicb R. SElUTTLEWORTH will SELL by AUC- MLTION, at the Crown and Anchor, Ilsh-street, Wusolwioh, on Wednesday, October 7, at 3 in one lot, a capital souble-fronted SHOP. No. 3, Artillery-pl3c9, Woolr.2rb. let nder a recairing leao, for 11 years unexpired, to Messrs. Boddy and Soun otatoners, at a rent uf £12 10s. a year, and No 37. odiolnhig, let at a round rent at £12 i,.. held for 45 yeare at a grom:d rent of £5 per annum. May be viesd by leaTs of tho tenants. and particulears hd on the premises; at the Orown and Anchor; of B. BurnelL Eoq. eollcit,r,Foeburch bI1dIn: and of the auctioneer. 1, Cbapel-plac-. Poultry, Suerx.-Mdanor Farm, Lavant, near ClIchester,- Ily Mr. THOMASO BUtSRBY, on Tuesday, the 15th. and Thursday the 17th of Sept. Very superior Flock of 60O South-Doown Ewes and An Ewe T,annbs, 50 Tm and Ram LaTmh& orese, and Agrtsitural Implemente, the property ot Charles Duke, Fsq. These sheep are wel wrorthy the attention of floetimasters, then' havins been bred ch'eSs froma the flocks of his G.race the Duke of Richmond, Me-ire, WVebb, the hore and agriculturai implements on ThursRday aepteinherib 17. Cataloguer may be had at the offices of thxe auctioneer, Soer, an d Aruodel: and a.t the Dolphin HoteL, Ciherter. The Swit7erland of Wales.-By Mr. LET.IS WILLTAMS, at the Angel Inn, Doigelley, on Tues4ay. Sept. 15. between the hours 015 and 7 In the atemrnoon, subject to such oonditions as shaU be then and there produced. r E'HAT very eligible old Mansion, Farn, and Lands, Mralloeld n G aIdun, situate at the south-westem nend of the boa'tile valley cr DaiIgeley, Merlomethshire, North Waes4 nontaining hy estimatlon 179 ace-,, or tbereabouts, of fertile arable. meadow, WAd pasture land, and reveral tino plantations of rapid growing thimer. All LOw In the bolding of Mr. W. Williams, at the rent el £100 per annum Also a Right of Fbhery In tho Mawddsch, now let at the nOni, .1 rent of £2 The view trom the propert7 commands scencry of usurpaseed beauty; the cultivated valley with the Wnlon and Alaw'.ddch soeing througb it.the sloping side-lands well clotbed with timbher: abova them, the Indented ecoundary range and ItL craggv cliff6, dottal with the small aheep In their delicately white fleece, and, towerin abhve all, the majestio Cader terminating with the haathy Aran, the lRablt and Mool Ortbrwm. It is ditant from the 1saret town of Daigeloy one mole, whence there are coachoe dail to Llangolln road staon (on the Shrewsbuz7 and Chester Rallway, and to Carnrs-on and Aherstwith dtring the summer season. The Cor Ralway is now In the course of formoton, and the Newtow-n and Mlacsyni-th Railway topany have obtintod thelr bUL lWhen these lines hall be opened, Dolgely will be witthn an hour's drive from the ral. Futhber partirslarsmayehoadof Mr. Eli Rees. Do4alley; Mr.lliamGrifith, roIlctor, Dolgelley; and Mr. Cdwalader WIlm, Ynbor, ll show tbepropesty, J.03tt%zes near Dadw1*,-Le %a.el,L1 ~ . IIi MONDand EIOART will SELU7 ~~ ~ Wastoniliureday ~Sept 2$, a' 12, & PAIE AtJiSSIlb. HA-,n1tMOND and EILORT willSELEe M by AIT(I't0: -at tbe tiat, on ThuredLy Septembev 4,t 11I, ln twvo Iota, a PA It nf s;i mldetached vi LlAs, j9 and 10 Waetborepark-coai. e.~ t he rt'yal Oak, in exodlleut repair weU lot a' Ma an t £4' per itn r-,, T..cOtireJy, and hold for neaOrly 606Yearo at gro Ind 1entsrifO',Y:I%~ 8iey be viewed, andDartioarshad ofW.EHitc~h. rock, Esl. ~: ~,,2. Stanfleld-oonri,Temple;at thehMart; and the Eustu.~.t~.N .r.ad, nd MlC.d&-Kbol~ ate,by orde3r ot tiab Es~w. HMMON an EIOART winl SHELL MVI by A'Tp.athMrt, nTusday, Sept. 24, at. 12, No. 9, xUuT'iN.r',ocg.: peotcey £0~r aLnnum h eld foe 10 r ,rs. a or,l.rat.No.24, NottinghiamcIdora.'t vr'ltehteOhrh t for e1.9 perwaunn and E'cu"Iars K er tlw~on et ay be viewed, a Par.' ticula" ball Dabeny tolcItoe 2KAny'a Bench.. walk;- at ts'- N1 ,rt; sa tteacinersOios . hanu6ry-lani,. Norwoou -. I i ,-, fu VUil a. ren,ear the Orystal Faaace. ksi orl otte Eteutrsof B1 avage Esq. 1~1E tq-3 l-NIN~IIOND andE EIOAR wi1l SELte LI ipy A,1 *Clr)l* i1 at the aRut, on Thursday, September 24, at 12, EVES5%I ' fJ TI ip; , pllrm'a.hljl, one mainute' walt from then Lowe-r N',raw- t rft,tou containing live bed rooms, capital receptioni ro-on.is,n apie d 'nsyoffices, Domser,atoryVornamental garden, witbi laWns and f)intal -. titboue gerden, &o. ; ah In exceellet rapMid. !he vill and tp-iris' of the grand a"c opyhold at a small. fiso, and the Janger portison of the garden in freebold. Marheylewee, anidpestlnicisar of ale had,, %I-tl.'ri. Rticon. Son, and Anton, 38, Carnon.atrilt, city and of the ancti. eera, 21, Chancery.lane, hrbee aiselEae,Plo'-oal emusy R.19PHL s isrce to BE&L by om,Io,ad.a1,:eLA_SBf0L ESATB. ittiso irPr1ssce's-road. Bsso.inn y. a, I .siiOgf three gentleel residanosc and garden, Nos. 82.~3 srid 24. Pirinoe'a.road-each bouse oontains two b,-droome with el-ies, ta , parlonia entrance Pass1age and stsiraze, kidtchen, and waiioc. ith rangle, copper. nlk, aud water laid on. They are held f-r to,5 reshldse of a ttsnn which will expire at Midsummier, 1893. at the re-r low ground rent of 49,per annuma, and ace let till Webalchasina, 1971. at £35 per anunmr. Particulars and condItIons of gale may ?,-. h cd at ilarraway's; of Measm. Davidson and llrAdbury. solicItors W'a-rs'e Hall Baslngball-street; and at la. Laftd!)Wd~ effices, 62. MooreareyPtreet, city. 11.0 R. a IFC I LD is instr-acted to BELL bv AUC. Al I . IOrr IN5f an Tuesday. October 6, at 12 faL n n lot, an lml,or""st alhsOLD ESTATE eUtgibl - monds,-y-w.11 fr.ti, cthe river ThaMes,1near theFountain Dockans1 opposit-ethe L"ri''DoTloks. ItopMSWebtnilieDs 01 mOdern ecri-cion, tires sltories in height, with prner looag Aonn floor. xo. : shp are 70 feet deep b7 80 feet In width, and ther lsoeiion and facility rer (er them extremesy valuable for the houslnc i o grI,orh555 dmtcrlipthintof merchandlzs. They are let to 7,fre. iaern. on is,,e, to Chrtistas.1875, atEiD er anum,and arunudesr. let to, aid occapied 1,y, Mr. Adaim Giendlnnig, wharfingtir. Parti. enae n o -,iro of sale3may be had rA Garraway's; olMeser D ido i ddhr,solicitors, WVeavors'-Iiall, Baslnhnl.g; and atiNMr. LiRrcbIiWr iirlceN. 2. Moorgate.Stseet, nity, Bo.C Le-' sir a c tlBeso n rvt ags 1JR. 13NT1I ilSL,a iortys t1,o let On Isaue a11 -;A3 Pe er o 1,adtepiae oae 0.4 and t3. Cburci,r Yv.Comralra at,poungnernalf X44 pcri-rea. !., idrsoelt4eya.Priclr fJPnlra B,q., 37. Gi-de-t-ace. secalrdea;Gaaay;anioth suctlo,e-er, 4. Walhr~g l~R. BAT H wil S LL, atGrawy,at2,n INJ.Ttiirsi,ty October 1. the capital HOUEad US H PREMIt5;.IE No. 17. Sidney-plaoe OoMixerclal.saee,prdcn el. an income 'if F"'7 tver year; also a prirvate hue o3 iny stet orU.eweial-rox,l eat, desIrble either for netetoup. ti ainw prolucing the net rental of £lS918 rsa.Pat cuaro J F,lsrrgat st Fe 37 Cotl-plaoo, C Garraway's: ad of th,easctoneaer.4. W abtrook. ritra at MR. BA'T H ilSLIA, atGarwy, on Thunzg 1a, 20. lw prvIously by Private Cneci aboutlisacc 01 valuahle L tN D. knw as the Point, on Blaokbah It Is held for he t mT.It hrinteposition Thae pr andbaiganphs te vcnt,SSRi- . gret coNveinet and Co.art of stomnored onty ItM fl BhaLLi,. ab y AUC:, ofngroundrwethi the.same dtrand. oBE loDAY,,o 9 optemlerdS. t gIs,r and i TWOrh ofgra aBteDion PlaET n,. ~the day rio,anid ooraltogsof sale mayt bLe hda Garte raways; and o ToPintes, theTrae,an otes JESR.W. KING and Co. are in strcte toSL M !AAIELLb AUCTION on the Premi sews, No.y 274, WelinVrnd-rTHdS Lit. Johnteoo.ee o. Maty pecsey f TWOmbr1a 2pei-V ofrOd'A e rT Hothe a Priouri and isong of ale.z Partclarsd o the eleg r ,modeer;nd H USr. J Ln'ewoodHaoroReaModern Horiachn m Fringtua,dnrawnfmmes;dinh,go)mrltogs,x Cahina., iy, ho,mditetnigdnn tables. RS c . INGcocb andCo ear chins,thued ver sEpLto cs.Jhns-wooe , onrtem foidz e pitembaner1,atg2 rcaclymt, b odeesrto adthearnerviser,wh islavnnngad the elegaitcenandndlna~ 21-U moer roowitts I biedy in,r'irjcimeyad mcnigonsole. glasogesointhoaromn end il and at the offcnr of the auctioneers, 1, Weillng1on.road,-St. John'`. wood, l'reebolds, Hacny 3IR L~TURE ntructed to SELL by 'T at the Nart, on Wednedafy, Sept.14., at 12for 1, THREE FREtEIIJI-d) Pt'IUSE4I, situate Nos. 2, 3, andl 5, Grove passage, Ciuc-tr-,t, Hackney, producinig a rantal of £92 Os 0. per anum Si,s' be os-ee and partitniara had 'of ?descr.Herleby and Son, col ata,.9.l,stA,rnbers, Lothbury; and at the auelioneer'S ofie, 4 ctu 1c-. Kmgsland-rnad. Tottusrgitf.s. MedicalrInstrumensadBos MR.R.E. TU RNE R will SELL yACINa ;vz.be Mactlo edinrsday. Seat. 16, at fo2,Ioreoth Executors. 3 soDALad other BOOKS,cmrsn ui Anatomy, Cycl-reic i , f SMeliclue, Shutespear'r ly,adnmrn medlemolsad othi r works; als eo apttn nsrmns eameof lthotouo, Sit?., a ce o ahtran te ugia ntu ments also a rcue of six fl-zen nrs ~yevee tteas thoueer aoficer,, It, Aetna-pac.Koln-od mondey-,reet-~ Eildor1,% Contractors, Wheelsrigtst, and ij .PE-AgE is directed to SELL by AUCTION, 3FIo-n the Promisers, adjoiniog the railway arches, Biermoudsey. street, on Tuertaiy. t,,ptesube, 15. (tnstead of September 5th. asprevi. oudy advertisetl at 12 o'clock. witthout the alightes cesers'e abeut 100 silu&rra of PITCH PINE, leiliow and white flooring hoards dry pine boards~, varions thicknesses. planks, deals, and hbsuens, 53l londs dry be-ct. and i0 loads dosscated dItto, of remarkable fine ilgure, 15 PlQadc'ry sin plank. variou thicknesses about 400 large elm tocks vltahle for ahbeelwrighta. 8 loads American elm in logs, elm eaeand bceh ruttfnzs.small quantity msahogany boards, horn. beam, about "10 5 ft. lengfth of pitch pine poles, sutable for pellngs, ash plank, fo.. 5 do7. panel do-irs various, and about li ton superior wrccght. Iron bolts. may be viewed on the day previous and. morning of Wae, and ctalc goes obtained a-t r. Feake's ofices,44, TooleF-. street, 8out.hwa'k.S 11. City-rcad.-To Linenidrapers, Haberdashers, Roseres, Pdriate Famint lies,and ethers-. MjR. G. H. 'MARTIN will SELL by AUCTION, iV on thA Pmrenisea 42 ohsre. lyad. 'THIS DAY. Sept. 8, a iifor12 'clck reciely onaccuntof he number of labg, tho the enuie STCK I TRAE ofa LIENDRPER,Haberdaser,andHoter aspreioslyadvrtsed-Autin ofics, 3,Skin.' Barnes-common, Surrey bcl,cs to the Railway 8tation).-Hou.saloolil FurnIture, Chins, Glass . iO ounce of Pinto, ceUllr of chubse Wines and Srlrite, small LIrary of Books. valuable PAIntin ms,finoeQrolleetion of Engravings. Gmaren Implements, and Effects of a gentleman's raeldenca. nn".sr a hill of eale. MR. W. II. HEWETT Will SELL, as abDOe, Oa Lim Wednckday Csise'stimerl16, and following Iay at 12 each day, HOUSEHOLD FrIINITURE. cormprising a arawisgroom suite in vwalnut wood, eilt n.cute! table, chimney gi 'sees, conches. Ottomanss, Brussels carpets asSdrogs, fenders and fire hens, pair of eidetoards.. zz,S usual appendatges of a dining room and numerous bed chambers lmncluding isevecal pawent iron beosteads). also kitchenuetupurlenances, garden roller. 350 pols of plaznte, and mIefllaneous effects.AMay ber viewed the day;,r-i,r acd ratalognos had on the premises; at the Inns in the neighboa7-tscid; and of the auctioneer, 23. Hart-street, Elom-)Dt..ury, W.17. ESR. Vulinable Freehold Property. RO W E and HERBRING wil SELL ait iii. the Mart T I-S DAY ITuceday). at 12 for 1. a Rubgtanetal Well. bulls FRFEEIjeLO HuiU~I3 In tho Bow-road; Two Leasehtolft dittoan3d Two Plots of F'reehold Land, as descrbed In particulars,tobe bad at the Mart: a)d t-he arotloneor's offices;. i. Cannon-tgeoetest... Important Siie of Words Ctollieries and Mineral Property. extelesing over near.y 1,C00 aares of the iron and coal measure in Sioath !IR . TIHOS. WATKINS (of Cardiff) Is instracted iT by the PTroprietors to oiler for SALE by AUCTION atM thin Comme-cial Rt\uuss, in the city of Bristol., on Thursday,~rr. 10;. i etoween the h',nIrr f 3 sod (un the aftesnoon, evral very eraiablo LEASE11lD1CI) CtrLlERI£9 and MINERA TRACTS lllgrlbl adapted for c.%ti,rie, cor lro, workel, stw%te in the neighbonrboo-d of thle Rbyrncy, and F.bt.w Vale Iron Works, hav=ing nsacby naiwax to the posts of Car.ifif and Ne-wart. anid the mnn and uanafap.- boring ditrtictseof'titaffo,rdslsir. For viewing theome and for fuetbaes patiuarseapply vto A 0. Davis, Ei1A., mineral engtineer. DowlaI Glasuorezaobire.r: the auctioneter. Cardiff;- Messes. Beecham~ and Soc., solIcitom H awkbinist, Kent; or to the Brlthdlr Collery and 0Cako Comipany. Nessiost, Alonnouth5hire, where plans of the propopti mar be seen. EnSed.hgtwy, londreind~1reeoldand Leasehold Esta,tes. 'rpaalod bie, otueu,tabe othememersoftBuilding BS:cieties. R. EOBBET T will SE;LL b U TO, at the Blrr-zl ML waBell Inn, nd cId-iohway To-%moro (We-rcd Fnesdy)ept TEE DAtY. inSeplts,mbllthe ab ove wel bilt o ellot E PtSEOLRHSTY itA t eompid-inghwayrhoLews and SoNsWimingto . n squArelos-fried,PWadslt. Keat-ro:and. iiat thep uie thoer,13 Sricldyewatrr.rmgqalaY .BarIcan retRis aenmict o a.-Ps,cIs Leseol Esat, 11 per annum.hs ev(I~Prluarsa. of Geoge Jelab9awsolot and Unreerved Salem. Hlon C r i 'R. G G EGow. B w'lv-ill SELL, at the Betom' flgraSo.hal, .lV.k Loer t lerace. Vu ace, crit.er. o West st Bsi-ra.lmIc T H Kes-rsl nadToi-arZtoprEustate, nthe pBrickaesh rms TRailwa SutaDon;gl hedfraott, passoeiic,a groun ret,ad sroaini-ocas asontne mi£11 l _.perang m Sla beviewed Patiulr L s rtrn.tot to SELL by public A crION, at his Sale Rwone 9 Upper Ormord-qtsy, VDtlin. on Trelday, the fith October, aid,th hour of 1 in the afternoo-. in one lot, the floe FREEHOLD ESTATE of Erenter. stuate in tc-e r-ari-. or tv,,r. On the maiU road fem DoTos gotU to Killy-ez?, near the pemst-town of Dunknk eely, consistigu of the town lands of Bretter l upn vhich there is an exollont honse and farm-bunldings). Seahilt Knocknaborns, Tonregee. las arty. Tounoyg n:m. Tm vs'o'dgy. Drrzmmeennagb. and Crumlin. containing bout I, Ay4 statiutt acres of arable and pasture laInd, the reter partof vb hich is tn band, ard the remainder Is oceupted by yearly tentants. Partonaras and conditions of sae, witb plan maybe obtained of Mess Cusrrie, Woo-tgate. rnd 0' ill'aus, solicitor, S2. Lincoln'4mi-nfieis, London, W.C.: of Mmem, MIc(auslan and Featberston, soUcitor, 81 WolIlngto-iuir . Dliblin; and at tbe offce of t he uti ctoneer ns above To Linen and Woollen Drapers, Otflters, Hoders, and Shipper. BRO NVN and SON (drapers' andgrocers auctioneers) wl l SEL , by AU, TIONX, at tbeir Roounm 2A, Fore-s1troet ci, lo.monrro, at 11. 500 lote of rtrlme LINEN and WOOt,trS1 DRAPERY. hotiery. m-rcery, resay maldee, .. 10 ends waserproOt cloth forcoatsrorniant,watto. ab tof oats&o. Tberessnosalo thitday. No. 20. Chbsei-etreet, Beigraveo-squaroe.-Huonsohold Furniture, a 6b octave Cabinet Ranolorto by NVIltkns. in roevwood caso, and abonu 60 dozen of choioe Port and Sbhrry. ,IESSRS. ROGERS and DEAR (havine sinld the LU. hounel are bonotured with Instructions to SELL by AUCrION. On the Premises, as above, on Wriday. tbe 11th September, at 12 o'clock. tbo whole of tho meoshrn FUtRIWFTUrtE, compring four nobilo imne nd ves a dXr -rloa smute in roseWood. a 6b cabiet larofore b Wikinor. n rrewod ase, twro oleg-s-t 14-els and other bodstelscoand clean bssddlng, waslsotands and fttings,and Dnurecons ItemsR: 6n dore,, of eholco Port and Sherry. May be vIewel tho. da,v precs-ing ithn sale and catalogues had on the premises andt ott u ictIoneers, 23 and 24.S t G eorg orgns.plao ll eiarkconkr. Thia Evfning (Tuad ay), Sept. 8. at 6-Snpolor Hounahold Furnitare Three beautifli large carved and git OCernlo, a Bust of Apollo oD pedestaL and various prorerty. ESSRI't. W. and F. C. BONHAM Wi SELL by iLL AUCTION, at their tongs Roeoms 19, ldylebone.trst, Rogun0e-nqoadrant TEIES EVENING (Tsooday), at 6, onplt9l HOUSE- LOLD rUtN [TITRE, consisting of four-post, Airaban, and Fronch bed5tea. beds and beddine, wardrobes, choet- of drawes, washstande and tables, dre'eing.glasss, boo, card, and dining tablIe, llruise. tapestry, Klidde-nlnlsieor and fel t arpets, large glatss chairs, oSnehes. and easy chairs, a wsut rwod dralng.roOm suite 5erwottn rich hoernay, chsuioulers. sideboards,. tea and coSfee Urns, coatultles, china and glass, three dnoly carved and gilt conIes. plate goods, clocks, cutlery. lostree, and a varty of ornamental and ueful Iemr. On viewv, and catalogues as above.
