MARRIAGES. On the gth nate, at iereldres, Ca nton de Neuchatel, Switzerland, by the Rev. AL L.xebe. Mir. J0oiph Ed,e. ot liuzelen,, to Jane, etdeel Aughter of the laWteRe. John DIAid, ot LiverpooL On the 10th inst., at Ixwrortb Suffolk, by the Rev. S. Blaolcall, T. F. EPiptn, FReq. w licteur Taubridge-welUs, to Maria, only daughter of bturley Nuxwq, ksno BohUetor, l8xwrBrth. On the 12th Inst., at Obarznouth, Dorset, Simon Sornian Rowen, Esq.. M.D., of Tewaesbuiry, to Charlotte iiar~ I econd daughter of Henry NorriS Ifse., of the forwer place. On the 14th tint., at the prliah chouxn, Kirk Hammerton, Yorkehire, by the Rev. Edwd Gmeechow, vi ar of Nun lobktorn, W`I111am Frode, Es3q., of Old Thoruviile, to 3Srah Anne,dau1hter of Alexander Christie, o ef., of Kiik Haolmerton. On the 15th knit at Maelrodo. by the 1eov. J. G. P.yde. assIsted by the IRur. A5. M. ?orianw the Rev. N. Frank Hill, Fellow of New College, Oxford, youngesit eon of T. U1. MtIl. EsI., of Newbold Firs, Leamnbigton, to Lillas Oltifi.in, only daughter of Robert Cotesworth, Esq., of Cowden Knowes, Itozburhshirei, N. Ui. On the 15th knst., atSt. Jaroes's Church. Exeter, by the Rev. J7. Corfe. Richacet bic ndo droun. Req., J.P., Coliector ot Customs. Fremnatle. Western Australia, to Charlotte, daughter of General Eterbert, ILM. F. Ons the 15th enst., at Toricohun parsh church, Devon, by the Rev. G. Hill Daiel odd Esq, DpotyL.tut. uuo1,Dunegal, eldest eurvl7Igtoo o thve late Win." ToropttoniT9odd. ofl iuntrana Castle, county of Dorgl, REq, to Hasrriet I:. Ju.ia. eldest daugteter of Jacob Captain in the RLoyal Raed 5\i:ddleaex lIdlitla, only eon of the tat. Obarlee Hinde, of Langham Hall, in the county of Essex, Esq, Oa the 16th Lst, at the Wesloyan Ch,peL Stoke Newngkton, by the Bev. Luke fI. Wlsemsan G. 8hirley HTlarrs, reood son of Rticbard Harris, REq., of Knghitoa Houwe, Leicester, to Suaseoah Jane, eldest daughter ot WIiam Merry, Eaq., of dauidford Rouse, Upper Ol.ptoa, AlIddre6ex. On the 16th lost., at DunfermUne, by the Rev. Wm. Banlster RInohant Fran~cis J,m,n.t Eeq., of Ltvercsl, no Eupheasla Ornion, eldest dsughter of the la,e tWmx, Melkiehatm, REq., SLD., of La Pique, Trinidad. On the 16th niut., at St. blark's, Kennlnaton. by the Rev. Mr. Gllefg, J. W. Patrott. Esq., of Great Queen-otreat. Weatmiater, late ot the toyal Navy, to Elarriett, only daughter of Wm. TAyler, Esq., formerly of the MIlddle Temple, solicItor. On the 16th nimt.. at the house of the brlde's fatber by the Rev Dr Adler, Mr. Myr T Marks, of Lower Gloceater-etreet. 6ublun, to Jotla, second daughter of Air. Samuel Solomon,. of 105, Gaiford-treet. Ruzscll.equmrn. OR the 16thIn, at BartonCahurcb,Westmorland,bytheRev.- Hodason, vicar. John Thomceon, RAq., of flolloway llousie In Swsan. second daughter of the Late George dimiagtoc, Esq., of Tynfedeld Rouse, Penritt. OutmberlAnd. On the 17th imat., at the pariah churcb. Worklngton, by the Rev- Henry Curwen, rector, hi A, A Ibchael, only surviving eon of Michael Falcon, of Workclngton, REq., to MAry, onlj daughter of the atle Jotn Hudson, of tIbek MIns,4 Re1. On the 17th kurt.. at St. Maulebone Churob, by the Rev. Richard Hell, Edward Gilbert, Esq., of Sipaidlogt, to Ellen. eldezt dauighter of tIre lateo Charles Turner, Rgq., of klamnilt n-terrace, St. John's, wood. On Thursday, the 17th hint., at the parish church of St. Mary, Lam. beth. John Georze, eldeet son of John Sho.es. Req., of Brixton, to Mary, only daughter of John sflemwell, Es,., of Stoskwell. On the 17th lost, at Button St. Ma-ry. Llncolushlro, by the Rev. E L. Bennett, vicAr, Henry J. Fotherby. A. B, Trulnty-square. London, to MArio Jaue, eldest daughteor of tHeory REwen, F.R K 0.8, England, On the 17th Ianst, at Ibe parish cliurch of S, tAndrew. Collumpton, eluaway.M.ALL, TntInst.a only eon of Trietraur WValrond Wbitter, Req. ofBroke onu, Cbuipto, t Ane Bnfod, nlydaughter oS tho late Chartles Solwood, Re t.. of tthe saueoie place, dDgte On te 1th nit. atWoroabil, ent bythe f'ather of the bride, eanate bytheRe, H HIton rete of.'~IItes, WlteoH Smithev bct. a,ig rector of ormmenill°, awgwbrtahr On Thureday, the 17th Inst., at St. Ianera Church. by the Rev, Edward Parker, rector of Oxendon, Northamptonshim, ames Hilton, REq.. of tteoklenburgh.iquare, to 13gsan. eldest daughter of Thsamna Glbbes, Esq., of Tavustoek-place, Roeeell equae,. On the 17th init., at St. Andrew's Church, Plymouth. Thomaas M&y, Req., of Durdham Down, BriSlwl to Qhsrlotte, widow of theto Edward Wmn. Lowe.6 Req., of Conaleton, Cheehlze.wdwofteIt On Thureday, the 17th Inst.. at Sutton. near Retford. W. Tophata, Req.. of Kirkbumn. near DritkIeld, to Louisa youngest daughter of J. MiTher, Req., of Iigheld kouse, near Tetford. On thi 17thL knit., at Geneva. Swltzerlmnd, Paul Cramer, Ne. ot Geneva, to Adelade Lonia, eldest daughter of Geoge PreoeBt, q of Balham-hill. Surrey. On the 17th knit., at &U Souls', Laoghamn.place. by the Rev. lt.Pyper, brother-ln law of the briderooio, George faWi Garland, cecor of Langton Maltravers, eldeat eon. of John Biegley Garland, REq., 17, Upper Wleatbourneuterra ce.Leeion House. aimd Stone Cottage, Dorset, to Frauces widow of the late John Archer, REsq. On the 17th inst, at St. Mnrk's, Kennington by the Rev. W. W. Berry, vicar of mitauwell. Mlddlreaer and prebend of SI. Paulls. the uncle of the bride, Charles John Pugh. Eeq., of Grove-lane, Camber. well, to Rosa Kate) PxInce, elder daughter, of W. Spnigge, Req., ofKent. ninaton. On Thursday, the 17th ~nst,, at St. Paneras Churcb, by the Rev. P. W, Farrar, Fellow oft Tinity OCllege, Cambridge, brother of the bridegroom, Henry J. Farrar, of C rabrook. Kenti, olicitor, to Hen. rletta Anne, only daughter of the late William PatttsonB. eq., of Pemerana, and grand-daughter of Thomas Pattlson, Esq., of Stoke Newlngton.
DEATHS. On the 31st May, kllledat Shajebantor Capt. MarbahU Jaumes, 28th B.N. L, In tezmporary comnoaudl of the Regt., soa of the late Leant,CoL James, aItford House, near Bath. Killed. at Cawnpore, Major WUlliatm Reads Eilleradon, commanding the 5ld Rlegt. B.N. L, aged 39, third soa of the late John lUIersdois, Zaq,, Of Barnes, Surrey. At Cawupore, Charles George Hifllerdon, Jao.b Mazistrate and Os,lcetor of the distilet, aged 35, fitth son of the late John tti.ieradon, Faq.. of arrnes, Suluery, Also. supos,oed to have fallnntheg ddausacre,dr Le.e, ot the above, aged 21,ole. do lte o tg lteitjo Frle asoJohn Dornile and Mufordered by the rebel tnsltors at ihansi. Jne last, aged 21, Lienth. James A.-l bad Campbell, Iith BEtngal N 1,, tben In commanc of he 4thIrrgulr Cvaly, ldet sn o reireduimt-Colonel John Onthe 5th July. at Agra Wlihlam Chrisatian Watson, Bengal Clvi Service, secind eon of the late Colonel Thomasg Colelough Wato of the Bengal Army, of cholera, brought on by fatigue and exporure, en the retreat from Allyghur. which place he, with a few more volunteers, had held with mush galiantry ter several weeks, On the 8th Inst., at Helenebnrrh. Etiza Frances, ennd dcaughter of the late vEnea s utaldson utsodonell, i6.q., of (lengarry. On the 10th inst., James, eldest son of the Late James Forater Esq ot Sprigs Oak House, Epping, aged Jae5o%e,E,. On the 13th inst, AT,s. Letty Ealee, of Westbourne Vlas, 1arrowroad, Faddimglon. Oni Monday, the 14th inast. 'Prmne, i Oungeet daughter of the late William, Browulow, Eaq., of Hlghburrpiae. eged 82. On the 14th lost., at his residence. 2, Daruley-road, Nolting-hill James Thos. Wal'h. Faq.. Deputy Lieutenant of the Tower of Iondon and many years Chairman Of the Tower eusaions. Onx the 18th inst.. Of ep'lePsY. after a long Illness, aged GO, Mary Ashla*s of Etth o,t nt. aott FA., of Itegency-aquare, Brighton, On Wedneeday. the 10th Inst., at Boulogno-mr-rMer, aged I8 years Agnes Dickinson. the truly amiable, tenderly loyed. an3 deeply Lamented daughter of the Rev. W. itynsetou Groves U.A. On the 16tb inst.. at Castle Farm, Buckinbham, Mary, relict of the l'ate George Farrot, Esq.. aged 75, On thme 16th taut., at 12, Clifton-road, Brighton. Ehrabetb, widow of .be late Mr. John Stone, aged 70. On the 18th Inst., at Brighten, azed 10 years, Wlltiam Saunders thir-d son of Roms D. Mangles Eaq., aiLl. On the 16th tnst., at Epping, Mary Ann, the beloved wife of Mr. J. 0. og, ftr lngendditrrungIlnes,Herend was poace; wa beloved and res,Neted by al who knew ber. On the 16th Inst., at Cambridge, aged fire years, George Edward, eldest son of aIr. G. t. Firth, Tzornhill-cresceut, IsllngtEn. On the 16th inst., at his residence, Woodlands VIlla St. Lawrrence. Isle of Thanet, Wn. Ive, Esq., in his 65th year, late of DeLtforde Kent. On Wednesday last, sddenly, at Hstings, James Blythe SimDson, Faq., of Derby, aged 08. On the 10th Inst., at Moreton-terracs, In the 56th year of her age. hire. Mary Smith, late 9f 60. Chaslwood.stceet. Pimili co. On the 16th inat., at Margate, George Lnugman, Esq., of Frompton. Oan the 17h tst., SMr. Jamea Chase, aged 72, fOr many yvein of IL m. Costoms, Thame-s-trest. On the 17th Inst., at 2dtgate, Kent, In her 77th year, Mrn. Lovtday Watelo, widow Of the late Mr. Joan Wakiz4n On the 17th Inst., at 1.9. York-place, Brighton, Sarah, the beloved wife Of Ihe Rev. Ch2ance. Thlomas Smith, of Relgale, Surrey, in thLe 73d year rot her age. In the 90th rear ot hr .ry, Yorkhire, Catherine Ann Grigg, ,Onu Friday, 1'th Ist., Of prarlysIs, at 60. Xorland.gqu%re, Nottlsm-- an Wsic, slym AbeInble, in the 8th Yrear of his age, deeply _n _ieml mor_d
MONTSxfYr fo;: IRiM~y.tY iN andl COPPER WA&RZ;, dO. DIEPARTENT ot the 00Nl1 1-nT LLJR for VICTYAjLjW,, SoMernlot thoulte. dPt, 15, 1&57. T HEB 0ot:nass,ouerzi for exeu*uting thte Offcet or inudo hreb giv n,tio, tht o Mod ty theth oxtober uext,, A hat.pnt Io'coc. tey Illbereey t tratWith snah person,, v Patto ern tfalsty ictsuallingl Y.e.rd atd Thofurd~,fKther Wuand v.y * chedl ore ttroi rtimle tod tie, e d-n.ade,i,rt unber a tract ' 1sy beib tamed at thin OIlco, end at the Viclualing yer&j at DeOtford, 005' port. and Vlnrmrulth. SNo tender will bo received after' lhalf-imt I o'clock -on the day ofI `tresty, nor SAnY notlcet note made me tbo smtited frerra proided for the purvyalee but it will not be necessary that tthe r-artsj tendering or au ageit arioluted. bY Ois., rhould atb..ait elsia oeseu. as the result; of tire offer tretoivd frOm each rereeni will be oamlnnlticttd. to him and his vropored senette ii. writ,ng. Every tenric wtIatbe delivered at the above offioe, andI atoned by two res bnst prmvnue. engaging to tsocow,i bound with the perren tender. =' in tlhe rune of £e1j)(0. foyr the 4lee trerhwov,rae of the comtraet. 'i- NT AC V for R and VIsr9'U t Et. MLe?ARTNIENT of the CONt"EtlOLKR for `710TIJALLI)1G and TIIAESI'OltT SERVICE'S, hanoosrt htaliae. Septembher I4, 1857. V1~Ce~oisiouers for executing, the Office of Lord teUnited Kingdom of (level Britau andI Ireanddo erey gve nuotio, that on Tibnieasy. the 5thi day of Cctoev ext,at alipext I o'el oci. they will be ready to treat with srichlo eoea yh ciding so CONTil&C for 6UPPLVV1%' and DVERL Ho er'A Mjefity'e victualling stores at Deptford and (Icepott, the midormentioned &RTIECLES,'v,z, : floptferd. IC,prt ( Wle to he delivered. tolio ec Ithree weeks, and -Sts V),MOlbs. ..1,01e <termider In tbred weeks VtnegnrzO.WiO gallons... 1 few-r,oealr,ipeerd Tenders msea be msd o h hl ray oto frs rIls leoy ftparte tenuders rot emd o ahPOr,adnateio wil be paid to any oilemilout so maleo. Thei Leed.h"p rk.erve to thcemelvces the power, when the tenders arepend. Lcostrclig ethe fo Ih whle r fr achpart theraof o..I g. the ma dem li. o f.' a reaer qantfy,ot f not cori. The inegrto e devere is gao. sond. feon, ad substantial cas,. hIc arto e rtaied elsg a, rquied yate sai Costomsrlatk fomthewat Vctalin. Stre (wenemptled) by and at toe The tea t o h exemint'd from the Cestomia' dntlee. san parties tea. derinz .aeoto rtafo where illis lying. Sasaplee of the teak (not,rem thian I lb. for each port. from the bonded warehonso,j must he produced by the putIl -s tendering. The samples produeed hy p,-re lus white teanrere are not accepte aer requested to he takeon away by tinen Ls mmediaitely after thie coa. tracts have bee-u decidedl.. Nio tenider wiM be received uulvm made on the printed formi provided for the purpose anud which rmay be obtained on application at the said sOfflce, at tile Victualling Yard at Gospest, or tu Commander Barte, conductingf the paeket service at Liverpool, or to the Collector ot Cu-.. tome at Brstol. The condilions of the revised contracts, to which particular attexntion Ls es'fed, may be eeet at the saifd ollico. nt tee Vict-ualling Yard aht Goapozt. and at Liverpool and BristoL No tender will he re. co:ved olter half-peel I O'clock on the day of treaty, and It will not to required that the tootle tendering or an agent on hie behalf, ehotild attend at the olilee on the- day of' contract as the result of the Offer received from each personi will be communicated to him and hes pripoeed inalesl in writng Eeytende m a b ddreeaed to tbe Secretary of the 'AAmIs-sits ~nd ras'in te let-had eatrner the worde " Tender for and must also bea delivere atfornerset-houve. RAnT INDI& ROUSPI, 16th Sfeprember, 155b7 F'FHH Court of Directors3 of tho East India Company J1. do hereby- giye notice that the Finvuics' anid Rom.e Co0mmittee Will be redy, on er before Wednesday. the 10ti linst., to receLse PROPOSALS in writing, sealed no. from Rtuoh persons as may he willing to BuP Itho CrmnpanywithciOtORA.G11, FAINT,&ct., also SWOIIDH and SCABiA.ROS; and that rho condit:ons 01 theo aid contracta (three in nuniaber, may t be hd oni spoicatlon at the Sweetory's office, where the pmopoaei are to heQ left, any time before It o'clock in. the forenoon of toio sd a tlh day of Septembher, 1857. after which hour no tender will be received1. IA7,t1LS C. MELVELL, Secretary. C"ONTRACTS.-Fersons deairous of SUPPLYI.Nk the Houmo of Correctioni, Wandawooth-comsoon, Buery, with BEER. Hutton, Eread Scotch Barley, 0-tineal, Rice, Spllt Peoo. and iloa for etx monsths, fromr the 29th inst., are Invited to rend In TEThIBES for tho same on or before the 28th Inet., at 10.30 am." 3Norms of tender and further parilculars nui) he had on a-pplication to the storekeeper at the IPriEon.-17th Sept , !8i7. G ANITE ClIPPI'NGS.-The Gunrdiums of t-he Poerof the parish of St. John, liampateadar radpy to receive Tj,DrlI for a SUPPLY of 50 yardintf the besltUBLUE GIeIPIREEY GRANIT-9 OldIPPINiOs5, uavlrokenr, to be delivered at the atone yard of Hamnpsteadt Workhonse within one el,,dar meonthn after sue asceptr.nos of the teoder. Tendera. to be sast or delivered t.' me at Hamnpseoad Worekhouse on or before Wednesday. the 230 of September Unsk. Bly order. THOMA8 TOLLERt, Clerk. _Rampateaid, Berstembor 17. 1857. WJI5lTAUNSTER HOSPITA,BodSntay VTopDo,IteWestfninrte.-Abbey.. To CoalAterehanta.-TENDEKS 7are requested for the tSUPPLY of 200 lone of MOIRA, MAIN, heat Slikstoue, beet rinxtou. Rusreles Boettom, or Stelward',s Wallsend 0OALS, lo be delIvered into the oeLase '.f the Wr,etmiloste,' ljoepita,l free from all extr charges, in suech quanttitEs and at eurhk time. an may be demauded betweea the preent period and the maonth of Starch 2next. The lesiders are to he rent In before 1 o'clock on Tuesdy next, the lId insant. By order of the Rownue Committee, 16th Septomber. !857 F. J. WILioNX. SecretAry. GOYAL MILITAR3Y COLLEGE.-Such persons .1L., an arewillng to CONTiIACT for the SUPPLY of thefollowing ARTICLES. viz. -Bread and looir, meAt, beer, groereies, aod candles and ecap, for the yeas' 115 to the Royal ?Mrht..sry College, Sanmdhurst. In the county of iterks, may rend sealed tDropoeala poest paid, addreereed to thea Lleuttnsest-Goverrsor of the Iloyai Military Oollego, Farn. borough. Hants, on or before 30t h September. the?, with the word "1Tender" oyn the cover. Particulars of the contrat may be known noon peronal an'ptiolsti.ln at the Lieuternunt.tIovernor'e estee.' Royal Irtilitary Coilege, any day excellt Sundays.. beta eea the hioure of Ii Ln the maornking and 3 in the aflerarn. WEST HAM UJNION.-Contracts for ProviSioas, Vkc.-The Qusrdiare of thin Unionacae reedy to receive TENDERS for SUPPLYING their Workhoule and oat-door poor, for nix months, from the 12th instant, with MltAT.bread, flour oplit peas, oatmeal, butter and eheeee. Each tender must be on a jprinted fores, which may be had on application to the Clerk et the Uniorn. or to the Waster of the Workhotuee, anxd moat he deit,reed free at tho Workhouse, Leytonstonse. lesex, en or before Wednesday, the 230 instant. All eccounts settlodosonuthly. within one week after delivery by the contractor, otherwise they wllbe paId quarterly. N.B. The Guardianls wil require security for due performanoe nf tte several contracts, but do not pledge themselvesl to accept the loweat tender. W. J. BAItSEEa, Clerk to the Quardias.& Booedi-roomt. Leytonetone, Essex. 10th day of "aept_, 3857. TARtISI of Sy. GEORGE, -Hamover~-square.=. To MWers and Idealmen, Birtehera, Checemornogers, Cormmand. tees, Grooers Milkmen, Potaetodealr Oilmen and Tallowcbandlers, C3olouumen, and Coflulnesakers. -Seen perwuns ai are willIng to CdNTRACT with the (1 've,norsanhd Dir.-ctora of to Poor f the eald gcish ior SUPP'LYING, the two Workhiousec for eixta onthe, from the h diyo etibr 1857, to the 25itin day ot M&arch,8I8,ma do Gr belore 10 O'clock esi Wedneaeday. the 230 of September, 1557. Persons tenderinug must be in attendaince at that time, and all tenders moat be moade nioon, and strictly in accordance ohtO. the printed forms of tender, which way be obtainfed on application to the Macfer of the Work. home,. in Motant-trwet, sa well as any further particulars By order. T. It. Cit PPELL. Clerk. "ARISh iof ST. GEORGE_. Ha-nover-sqi-are.. JToxderthakera, Eunersa Jobmaseers and otbem,-Tise (lover. miorn' lnd Directors of tee Poor of thea palish will meet at tho Soard. rooma. Moant-street. Onl Wednewsay the 23d day of Sepember. 1857. at lOo'clockpreci,,& to receive TE7lDERr for the CON'VEYANCIC of DECEASD V titoer the two Woekhouere, situtateat Mount. utreet and Little Cbe.aea, to the New Parochial Burial-ground at Hlan. well, Msiddlesex, on sureh dart and at Inch time,s in each week as re. qulred by the Meeter of the Workhaotre. Thelleairee muttbe eufficent fer the conveyance of four bo-ile.3 each time, together with a mourning coach for enett persorn; not excew.ding four)'an may be doeirous of 1 o1. lowing aW mourer's, Who muet he bro!:ght heck to the west end of Oxfovd-.street. The contractor will have to pay the tolia and other ax. prob Itt any), the Bo,ard rsrovldlrg the necees ry attendants at the grouind to remnove the coffinis trees the hc-.-eo to the gravea. Tho non. tract to be for one year from the 29t day of September. 1827. Pert-sos tendering miust reed Ic, their teniders, sealed and endorard on or before the time mentIoned, and meet he in attmndauce at the mneeting of the 3oserd on Wedniesday, the 3,1day of Septsember.att o'ltcclc. Farther titlr aybe OlSthIeoi by app'lying to the idaterof fnousrt-atreot anhus,sd printed formt of tenider. B3y order of the Board, T. B. CHAXPELL, Clerk. X~ I~I~ECHPEL UION.Ccoals-The -GQ.r. othBorof te Whitechapel Uniro wUimeetat theIr Bood Bom,in he hilehs I Workhouer'on TKeseday, the 28d of Septeber nstat at7 O'clo&' in the evenin precisely, to receive TENDRS Ic a tIPLY of from 200 to Re0 tost of best or eec nd bootCOAS, t te otloa ot the Guar-disns, thorouxhly screened to be elyod y n oficalmefer, from a cship moored in the Rto.et'e liooilasl, imeorio,or alongside of a wharf on the nentth hank of tbcrivr Tame. blowLoudon.tridge. in the preseznoe of the Union memeeneer. and to b delivered at the Union Workhouses and School of the said Union, eitoate in Wtqlichael.rpad, Ch*rles-esteet. MIle). end. New-town, and Poret-lane, Reox cear of all charger beyondl the contract Price, within 14 day; Grm the'above date, in mich quantit en as the GlUardians shell d1srect. The tenders mouat be on the usual tiaed forms.* which may Iso obtaied at either of the above named Vt'erkhoua.e, or at may office, and are to be delivered at the Board Boomnprevious to the hour of maeeting. The Guardians do not bled themteevea to accept the lowest~ or any tender. G. ADAMIS BARR, Clerk to the GuardtAno. Oles-k'ooffice, Workinorue C-hesles-terot, Wileend Xew-town, Sept-rber 11. 1817. soittee of th bv iigare Irerparesl to receire EKESand OUNTRACT bleS PLY rf the OLOTH ING, d,o h bt force for the year18. Tenders toube Fent realed to theCifCn Etable's office, Court-houre, Beverley, orn or bei,frr 'he7tofOobr 1857. Containing fell Dartieslamr and p ricts distinctly mre tlr turch articles, together with samplee of oloth, atiltg the oe rc for the full e.olhin)g of each tlseilduAl rank, to becopedha delivered carrage free on or before the lint of Dec hrnx,1 E"Perint`endentas..0a tunic o0at (superior cloth) wvith I-aid, OonepaItr Of teweere ditto, one bat (li) 8 Sergoenlts.-One tunic coat with initials E.ROJ. anid rio.. silver lace chevrosr, for right arm pointing nl,weda them tine Cull, onepais- of trowaera Isergeaut's clot'.i), One halt with leather weiss at the ilsles. 40 Privateu,-Oao tunic coat with InitIals .R.O, and N, on-, Irtlr of trowesm, ovaehat with loather wells at the sldee. The initiat; E B. C . and osisobers to be of white meta conreponding with the lutisre (for which the die isprovideoi, the sergeants' chevrone aliver I ce; the euperinlten-ents'coGatstW be braIded once round the collar and down the, front with narrow silk braId6, buttons of black elk. The CommIttee do not pledge themuselves to accept the lowest tooter, and whien sonce the coutracta are entered Into wil requIre a- Sealed pattern of each description of cloth, tojp-tner With a sealed pattern of e-ach other article, toI be placed In the Chief Constable's office for alter reference. N.B All letters to be marked in the left-bondcorner. - "Tosirs'r for Cir,thingr," By order, B. GRAN VILLE LAXARD, Major, O.C,, E.R.C. FI)A±tISiH of t3t. PA "CRA , in the Coaunty of ZhltdL dOesax.-Departosert of Works. -Contract foe RemovIng Dash.- TO Dukstmn, Scavegers, &c - The Highway Sewers and Punblic Works Committee of the vestry of the Parish oh St Paticras, in the county of ?diddlerex. will meet at; the odfloe of t, e Deportment of Worhe, tO. Edward-street, Harmpetead.roitd, on Monday, the 28th day of Sentemn. her fual., at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, to receive TENDERS from perosewilingto ONTACI fo lI REOVAL of the COAL., ASHES Due, le,, fees ts hose..and aris Of etreets, squasro. couns, nd tirr perc wihinthesaI pasti of St. Panorran. from the 01h ay o Sepembe ins. toan~ ncUAire of Ihe 29thi day of Septmber 189, pussat tothe rineof rafttcontracts, to he roan daisy betwen th hous of fS am ardP m.. at the officesofthse ChIe So-teor,to,RotardetrsI.ldas-~-t ad. n& ealed tenders O LO .c ID, niw y tne Pproosd oojts 'to-r, -m-Ith th-e nnam-ea a-nd' description of two suffittent lareties for the Derform%uoe of hts con- troct, to the Otice of the Department ot Works, ty or blfore 12 O'ClODk at LOOD, oa MoidaW. the 2eth day of September inot. The vestry do not bind ttemylvet to acerwst any tender. The contract wsIl oD drawn at th eoxpeseo or the cwttractor. No tender will oe received or accepted unless made onti i,,n ecf tbe printed formgs nor will any tender be teed or euridered unlrms a £.0 ifank of Fngland note in enclowAd tiorwitb, aso-videnoe that thelenderismade bona fide; the came tobereturned immediatoly.to persour whore tendte sehal not he secepted, and retained until the hond and ronteact shall bo duy executed bFythe perty wooqe tonderhbalb be ascepted. By order. . Vi. F flOOR, Vesatry Cerk. Vetty offis, Pnateeaso'od, September 18V7 of WORKS for the LlIlEHOTJSE Di- TRle.--'oDtsotfclr ser- otice is hereby given. tha' the will meet on Tuezday, the '29.b day of FWtembsr ineterit, to rei.wvis TENDERS from x ersonr w tlln to coNLAtyr f>r the CONfiTRCTCItON of oertain teuded ICIO and PIPE SEWERS tnhUse Commercial-road, St. An'i'- treet west East-row, 8t Ann'e-cwi, and '?ile-ys-d. Linehonse, and in Bel4rare-etreet nd Totton-sZtreet, Rtetcli with (itber works in roenmexion therewith, and for the maIntDeane of Xsuch wergs in coosplete reisair, for 12 calenclar conithe. Plane, sections, ani a epectdc-ssiomn et the workNs, etheo b withtefr o t mer a may be irepetead and other Dartioultaob. *vined at the office of tie 8,ned Whi e tiHos-strveet Comsmereal-road b, bet wean the bears of lIQ %ad A o'clock, on and atter Taseday, the 22,d day of SePtember Ieta t. Ten-oe, waled uD and endorsei ' Tndemfor r ewer Wovk," ramt 2le-detiverd at-the said offire not latetlihan 1 o'clock on the said 2.5th 6eptember file Hosed do not bind themselvee 10 accs,t the Iowe-t or any teuder. The securitv ot two reefposible persons wll be req-4red, No tender efil he reefod After the ttinenspeSdel, ncr unless strictly fn accord&nce with the By order. THOr_ . RTUF lr fh m September 17,1857. RAT CII?P, Clerk rStheBoard, SYDmileWH^M Kerot.-Toib LE;T, fori oc ,ation, abnu~~ ofMEADOW L&ND. ini tjicee dieeg at the sixth stonede the road ron the riway tin to el t - Re en twine o Mr. Treheam. dasym. le land bill b Retdor tem f treeyea..firs o Mnciutseiasna next, PropomLt,' for yentin th rad lnd rib h received ho the f'hurdnwardew anid flIer. *r~ofb~.,.o5~efW. Olaev and St. S 'ho, Sothwwak, on or ~~ Ins5~~~ec, to0 be addresed to Mr. G. ILC;mtsee, Vesry ierof i, law's,19 To, lty-r:reet : or to MKr. R. Use, Vex"r £7ie~ofSt Jcins,1,Part 4eetrpet. Southwark. Al thes anse time1 10aefor ORigti tl)o hbidtglae i conditIons to be~ asAZP5ed.-le 1,187 ,oOttNElt IVetry EQBE,T SB O kipk. M,eC .Richard Glermatn, cleeased.-A)l jpar. y'Ions hat~itOLA12tS or, fl2AINDS uVonL the HaT&I E of Vun'ty of flevon, mereor, uavr.I sud malitary Outfitter, tailor, and dr,per, dror,ssod, ace roqlOented to forward Partloslars thereot to tho under6ig.oeA. And all peNouns Indebted to the said estate are padtis,lady -re'ueztedl forthvith torpythe amount of their rospectlre de5t%I to litrer. PRtLLtkPS and 801., 8Sollt3irs, 5, Frankfort-laue, Plymouth TIZto thie OR ~ ITO S of the PA1SEIgY B&AINK.-The holder of bankotes auddepo,t t, and other rec.iit, Soil vouchers, and all par'ies having CLAIMS ag*lnst the eged BANK(ehich eovarlsbnsnars n theyear1837 to the lIritish Linenx Comysyl re e suste to odg ther catm with Stesio. Italeter, lu'nne. ed Wlie wrter InPal'.e, o orbefore the lict UaV ot) Decmbe. 157,inordr tat he ma bepai.ber-by certifying teat clpejonin he fndsnowon and,whih wl mmediately thereafter Paisley. Sept. 14. 1857. o ki erwxa UR UMT to aDecree of the Hight Uowrt of tCbaucery. made in a cause 11 0b*dw1Ok against Rose." the CRE-F DITORS of WiIIA&PA CHADWICK. late of Grove-paxrk. Camberwell, in the county of Surrey, builder and contractor (who died In or about the month of December, 1852), ayre, by their solicitors, on or he.- fore the ?th day of Novemaber, 1W5, to come in and Prove their debta at the chambers of the Master of the IQt-ils in the ROItl-yard, Ohl=cery-laue, M.iddlesex ; or, in default thereof, they will be v;eromptorlJy exnloded from the benefit ofthe saiddecre. Tuvdty, the l0th day of November, iS?, at 12 o'clock nooe, at the aitd chambters. is appooined for bxearing anid edjndicating nuo the claimos -Dated this. 4th day of A unust, 1857. N411. WHIITING, ChIef Oleek. t>URSUAN~T to an Order of the High Couro JL of Chancery, maeA in a eame e 'Pled egainst Kent," the creelt,re of CHARLES GOULD. late of Littleton, in the county of Middlesex. yeomant (who died la or about the month of February 157), mea, by their tootictora, on or before the 21st day of Novemfber, h85l. to come In and prove thair debti at the chambers of the Vlcs-Chanoollor Sir Richard Turin Kinxdereley, 3. Stoue-baildings, Ltecoln's-inri, Middleox. or in oaefault thereof, tney will be pr'remDtordy excluded fromc the benefit cf the said order. Pritay, the 27th day of November, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the said chambers Is aploined for hearing acnd adjudicating upon the Eaid claims.-Dated this 8th day of August, FRED. ERtS. EDWARtDS, Chief Clerk, ABBOTT and WIIE&TLY, 22a,, Southamopton-buildings, Chaucery-luen. Plaintiff's SolciItorm OURSUANT to an Order of the High Coturt of JL Cancery, made in a causie " Fleld agaInst Kenv cla Iimin g t o be a N ELr or N o f HNOR L 9 0 avai rt oof Littleton. Cu the counity of Middlesex, yia,mran, the teatatoc in the PI adlngs namned, living at the time thie gald testaitnr made his will on the 21&t day of January, 18183. or at the time of the testator's death, which took place in or about the month of February. 1857, or to be the legal personal reprereteve of any such nephew or niece, who, having survired thecald testtor.maybhave cuse died, are bytheir respective solicitors on or before the 21st day of Novemaber, 1857, to come in and prove his, her, or their kindred or representation at the chambers of VIco-Chancellor Sir Ritchard Torin Kindereley. 'No. 3, litoue.bulldings, LinoineIu. Mddlre' o Indefultthreof they wil pe-emptoril beexcude th beacl ofthecalordr.Friday. the 27th day of Noveber,185, at12 'ooe at oon at he aid cbarabers, Is appoite fr harngandadudcatngupn te at claimsns-Diate OTICE is hereby given, that RICHARD COOKE, N~of Gateshead. In the county of Durham. grocer and poblican, bath hy indenture of esgnmeue, bearingdat thtellth day of lieptemher, 1857, AS81'INED.allhis ESTATE and EFFECTg unto Thomu Walin, of Newnaatlo-upon-Tyno, corn merchant, and laaw Hethearlegton, of the same p lace, becemefeotor, upon trust for the creditors of the raid Ilich%rd Cooke, and that such deed wat executed by the eald Sioharc Cooke, on the day of the date thereof In ttee preeenoe of and attested by Henry Story, of Se wcastle.upon-Tynie. sollletor. and Robert Gibson, of the same plwAe, his clerk, and by tise said Thomase Wilkin and Isaa Hetberlngton, on the same day , inth presence of the zaid Robert Gibeon;: adudottce is hereby furthergiven that the said deed of assignmenat now liea at the ofSoces of the siai isaesry Story, at 18. Uwaket-atreet, Newca8tIe-uDon.TynO, for perus-Al and execution by the credltora.-Dated this 15th day Of BeDtSOi"e. 1857. HENRY STORY, 19. Maeet.etrteeet, Newcaste- upon-Tyme, Solicitorseto the Trdutees OTICE isheel given, that by in indenture, N bearing date the tb day of September, 1I5, SAMUEL BUCKLEY, of Bury, in the counftyo Lanacster. auctIoneer, CONVEYED) end ASSIGNED to John liaw, of Bury in the eaid county of Lancaster, draper, and Jonathan. Pollitt, of RaArliffe, in the county of Luaaeeter, brewer their heirs executorm adminisftrators and agerigns, all and every his FRMIHOLD, 'Roil, and Leasehold ESTATES, and all other the personal estate and effects whataoever and whereanever of him the maid Samuiel Bunckley, except the wearn apparl of hinmelf, his wife, and children, and such household goodeand furniture as he the said Samuel Buckley might choowe, of the value not exceeding £25, such value to be ascertaIned by the sald John Shaw and Jonathan PoIlitt, upon certain truste, fir the actual benefit of the creditors of the eelS s'amuoi Buckley, 9a therein mentioned, until the creditwor who ehall execute the oaed assignment shall have receIved 7s. 6d. in the Pound upon their respective debts; and that the said indenture was duly executed, on the Baid 8th day of September, 1887, by, the said Sarauel lbuoklesy and the ead John Shaw. and Jonasth%n Pollltt. in the 3reeence of, asfd the execution thereof bf,, the maid Saimuel Dnoklay, ~ohn Shaw and Jonathan rollitt respectlvsly is attested by,Wllam,s Harper, of !llry. in the county of Lancaster, solioltor, end an. attorney of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, at Westminster, and by James Flarra, his clerk, and which said inLdenture now lies for execution by the creditors of the mid Samuel Sundaey. at the office of the taid Wiliam Harper. In Blroad-atreet, In Bury, in the county of La-ku raeter.-Dated this 11th day of September, 1857. N ' the M'at tar of theJoint-Stock Ooinpantes Wiading, i.1uDActs,1iltand 1849,and of the LONDONsandEASTEEN SANK 1I00 CORPORATION.-Notioo is hereby given, that the ViceChancellor Sir William Page Wood has appointed Monday. the 18th day of Septemiber mest., at 122 oclockc at noon. at the White Worse inm, Ipswioh. in the county of Suffolk, for HIEARING the PETITIONf presented in this matter, by Abel Stuart ankd George Duplex, for nindingup the said Company, in lieu of Monaday, the 21st day of Septemaes inBt.-Dated thig 18th day of September, 1857. TUCKER, GltYIfLLE. and TUCKER, Solcietore for the Petltionemn 29. St. Swithin's-laue. I N CHANCERY.-In the Matter of the Joint Sitock Corn-rarites' Acts. 1888 and 1819. aud the NANSTLLE VALE SLATZMEAY.-ToheSOLD by AUCTION,by H-.WILL1AM D SW,at the SportsmanHotel, Cernarvn,on Wednesday, the 55lhday of Septemnber. 1857, at 1 o'clock tn the afternoon, in one Lot, hT direction of the Mlaster of the Rolls, the Judge so where Court tet matter icatteiched. the TY MAWR SLATE end SLAB QUARRIES, Bitateo rear Camnarvon. with the uae of a tramway and the right to use the shores or banks of the NantUie Vale lAke for the deyoeit ot refasee of te uairer,togthe wih te Pantend Mahnery in and upon tesTAid qarrieoo. lariulars, withr coandi tein40tons ofsledaiyh obfrtainedats hthepace ofokelg ofm intrs Hamples soweflctos, 5,oWal Crook. finedoign; at th appiancesHofeeBangesr;ptheiommercithall mee, Pwyrturadee;s ergwzn A2ms, fe. frctriylug;and ethe Spowrtsmn Htel mlzn eylrgooland andwaater transita, yisesdingo 80tos daetilyt fof the eame. The property is freehold, without royalty or dead rant, and isgpesumned to rffer aalngully advantageous opportunity either for individualaetere wit sufficient capital) ar for the formaLtion of a bona fdoe pobbic company, under the Lindtea LiabiUty act of I818 ia which latter care, two gentlemen of the ~beI resectability are ready to qualify to a large extent as directors, Tere lea Mightr v.%luable rurfacewith residences, farm, buildings do .producing a large fixed rental, which may he incluided or not In an arraaremrent. If required a oDnaiderableporton ot the purobasemioney may remailuon mortgage. Gentlemen, or theireolicitors, wilibe furnished with every nInfomation3, by applying to Mr Smalbons, estate and mineral agent, 15, Fins urycircus. London, B.C. VALUJABLE STONEQARES in GLOCE3- TYERSHIRE,-Mr. Smol lan is nstructed to TREAT fes the SALE of moat desirable end vaubeSOEQARES. Offering: an important opportunity either foprvtenrrieor for the formation of a boos tide company under h iie Iblt Art of 1855. 'The quality and proete ftesoe swl nw nsown. and adjoining localitie,adi odn ain enetnieyue at the Ctystal Palc.I nafn rayauderone, adwthrwe ellIn all situations whc a btie o It aweli-desivrd reputationufor durability.Prom th variu bedsga be ma-nufactured readily Ham paving stoner, steps launders, head and grave atones, vain, cisterns, fonts, water-troughs, block etongs building and wall stones, tWas for rooting, icc. The quarries may he had with or without a compact farma of upward.e of 10 acres, with cottae anud farm bnuidings, do. The quarries have been well opened Eubterranecusly with great facility for extensive works ; the roads are good, with easy and cheap transitinudeedent of a good home maruket to Monm"outhi, Gloesater,Tewksburs-, oe,Herefordshire, do. : also to Sooth Waleasman, to London, Con. tracts can he made for all the stone that can he got. Capital required abut M801 a co,tidevable.prton of which may remain on moetgajca. The prperty is freehold and offers ab.large fortune to an anar. latin man of business, 'Apply to 11r. Steelih e,e.estate and mineral agent, I5, Fiaubury-circos, London, B.C,, where-seports, he., may be LAMPTON COURT.BRID7E' and WALT ON. H BRIDGE TOLLS.-TENDElSwilbe receved from anuypersou desirous of RENTING the TOLLS aSuthorized. to be taken by act of Parliament for naming over the above bridges, for one year from 12 o'clock a.m. on Friday, January 11858, to 1i o'clock wm, on Saturday, January 1, 1859, in nepsante ~ndem Sealed tenders, endorsed " Tenders for Tolls,5 must be delivered at thie office of Mfr. George Roes survosor. Uxbridge, on o4ibefome 11 o'clock of Friday, Qetober 30, 1e67. from whim can be obtained all necessary varticulsast- U ljLi-NGTON and HASTINGS TWEBN-VLKE_- i.Thte TOLLS awe to be LET, by Tender, for one year, frlim ties 1st ay f Otobr net, t non.There are thraee ates,-tber yag. dalnl3te,theTioliGat, ad heIolitattn Side Gate. asymeast at nyon ceas he thrs ad hetollsforthelast fouryears ave bee lt t £51 £80.£40.andZW5;:an4sxennwletatthslow au ob£4,an ilh let toth highest tenftrer above that sutm on theuua cOndton,The rdtuacloniteb-t6thaefaahionabls watering pisces of Rsetine nd St. Leonal,d's-on-Ses, which a very raPtdiy IncreasIng.Th to!l-house atthe Tisoltis commodoious forea family, and bessagood garden. Two months' renttubeopaid before entry, and the remainder to be ?paid by ten monthly instalments, the first of whicah Is to he paid on the let of November next, and the remainder on the let of every succeeding month, until the whole is paid; and two sureties willbhereqidred forthe payment. Tenders,with names oftureties proposed, to be received at the offlie of Messr. EIman anid Whidtmaisa, by noon. on Wednesday, the 215 inst.-Battel, 17th Septemaber, 1837. SOMBRSET COUNTY GAOI, Taunton~.. kJSCHOOLXISTRESS and TASlKMASTERt WAITED-a widow, oxprparsonof good taacter, without encumbrance, from 28i to 4.0 eaus ofae b ms e4 le toread and write well, and instrnct prisoners she illbS equiedto assist in other dutIes, saperintend prisoners at work, and teachi knitting.: salary Is, per week, with an allowsnce of 4s, per week Inl San ot rations ; apartments, coals and gas jointly wl'h another serlstant matron Also, a mar), of good character, unader 40 years of age, as guard, who has a_ knowled-ge of Ilax-dres3lng, and capable of acting as a tackmnester and of teaching Prisoners to dregss flex : salarylie per week, and suit of uniform a lavlyT. Applic%tions, in the candidates own hadwriting, with teslimuniala of character, to he forwarded to the Governor on or Weore Friday, the 25 October next. -County Gaol, Taunton, Sele~. 18,1857. CIOL SE NION, -Election ' of Sch`ooMlmI lsteas.-The Boss-d of Guardians will, at their Weekly Mleeting. to la boldnu on Tucefida, the 29th day of September isst., receive APPLICATIONS and testimonials from candIdater for tke OFFICE of SCHOOLMISRTFESS to the Union Workhouse (vacnt by the revignation of Mire Winver). The peron appointed wil h required to Derform the duties preacribed byj the Consolidated General Order of the Poor Law Comimusoners and to superintend the Inidustrial training of thae gil,to take the general management ot them end of the younger chlden In end out of echool,and to obey all lawful orders of the Guardianas !nd of the Magter and Mtatron. It. Is indispemsable thet the persn .,elected shouldbhe sigle or awidow without family, Salary Li Union office, 7, Cbureb-etreet south, Read-gate, Coloheuter. September 17. 1857, DARISH of SAINT RY MAGDALEN, Mitk- stireet. London.-Wedneeday Evening Lectureeip.-taVsr of the above I'aish, boldern on the 11et dayo SaepotemberinD , I4m t was resolved as followa:-That a VESTEY be held, in the Vestry-room of the above parish, on Thursday, the let day of Otober nex at U o'clock in the forenoon precisely, for. the purpoo, of evtn ere and able Minister, of good life and cae o to pech teLec ture in the parish cburch of Saint Mary Macdale, endowed by the late Viscountess Uampden. and vacatb hedahofLeRv JOoeph Halley; and that at such Vestry th ointo Ofandidates will take place, and the election be decide byshow of hands, unless a POll or ballot he demanded On behal of any candidate, in whisha case such DOl or ballot shal he taken on the folowiing day, between the hours of 12 and S. Note,-The remtmeration of the lecturer 1i at Present of the Yalue Of ;£4 14s. IOd, per annum. Caudidates to sed by pest their names. addresaes, eges, and testimonials (if any), to Septimus Davidson, Fsq., Vestry Clerk, Welver-hsll, 22, BaslnghaUstreet, city, CiAS TAR.-TENDERS will be received for tau qJx PURCHAAE and RXMOVAL of all the TAR made st there worte from the Int of October next, for cne year. Address Gret Cevtral Gae Work, Bow-common-lane, London. OUrSH of handsome FUI4.WlTUME -forSAits, a bargi, nearly new: also the House iteelf to be Let. Inquire ot Mr. Ghmes, 41, Dowubam-road. Isllngton. X. A G-ENTLBMAbI leaving London, wishes to DIS- XVPOSE1:OFhlhim HOUItEEOLD FURNITURE as i stands, consisting of dtsbenx, breakfast roors parlours, and tboco bed room, compreAe, nealy new. If dceled the bouse can be taken wIth the furniture. It Q: situate In the moat Pleasant prat of the Downhanroad De Bectwolr-aquare. For cssAs toview apply at T. Coopers, 119, St. Tobn-street-road, near the An3gel, slingtos. A* Nf OFPdI R goin abroad. is desirotns of PAFRTA NINGlWITHaRemalfHOUE8ioft FURNITURE, nearly naw. The purchaser will havete optiou of takng the hoise for the remainder ot a th.t term ; ortitehouse wll be let, ternished or unrftorsbod. For MaMoulamg apply to W, W., Mr. Ernn , Saryleboone steekt, RegentStreet. _ _ YNDIA.-WI:tD BOAR SPEARS snd TIGER JL RUN CfLG K1ENVrA Wsde by FPAGET, cutler, hr., 195, P1ccsdfily. Wusranted to outD dtsergi a Spanish dollar, Hunting knives SedeQfig Ord" *'DUCATIOlN for YOUN'a GENTLEXMNi V20 E2Jto £24 per anum. For fuctir,r patticuiems apply%o T.*.,poet. efflco. Tnrnbarn.ereen. 1~DU ATIO{ FI1~I~ -A entlenman, one of the 1~UVATXI.0- ThE.-The sonn of resapectablo W Mboor, an ih~ nastmi5dr We Wbe taken Ino%1% Debol, and team. n of terms recel, In provisions, td, A dd ress PDUCA ION (uperior), in France.--Britannfia LJ Shie Acaemyv. for youngc gentlemen, at Gulinea, neair ceaisl. Bcn5lib, French. and Germau nrolecsors. Terms moderate. Neo extras1 no vacatIons. Mrt. Popunell Wirtin WIll be in London from tbhe 21dtil th 30b, t hr.Banec.e. 85, Oxford-atre,,t D -For LISper annum, YOUNIG E GET MEN am BOABDISDClothed, and Pslueated. The situation healthy,.in thecounty, westof London. This advertlseserit Is worthy the attention of pmrons In want of a good school. Unexeeptionable references given APPly by letter to - B.,. 5,K Igoiborn. E DUATIO.-AYOUN~G LADY can be RE- CEIVED at tensutnig quseter. into a first-class school at N4tttlghll heehewsdnovalteadvantages of a superior educatio wihacmle,et,IcuI terms, 26 ga. pe annum. Address.7 J..Coe.pstOfe,Ntnghl IDUOATIO.N.-For 30 guineas the yea,Yt~ E2 LA-DXES ore RO&RI)RD, snd roeievoinstrwctlefrmaea InL Engishf, ciphering. Preneh muaio, drawing,. and dnig u e =Iw and u of b inclusive, No extra charge htvrAd AL,JK. Mod,'s satine. aynmessmitth, nearLodn tDU CATI04N: 20 guineas per annum.-At an old. J2E esablished acvA'tsy, situate near that delightful and hkealthy 4 "Kengln ton.gardeire, a, few YOUNG Glt.NTLEHs. ore RE-. RIfIVED, who aze liberally boarded, and qLuickly reiwird mg edtche prafessionalormercantilepuanuit. Appl a 2Qeen?sb,8etswatat, L'3)UCATION, 25 guineas nlcr annumn, inclusijve.- jJAlone of the oldesteutabdlshmei in thermetropols,condmue.d by a lady ot approved abilty, YOUNG LADIES aga liberally BOARIDED). arid receive a finot-elaer education for the above lnclnAveo t;yms. AddrgssPuella, care ofMr. Wheeler.2520. Strand. TjDUCATION.-To Upholsterers n rcr. E~JWANTED, SONS ot the above ou mUrA EM,b h principal of an establlehed Fchool, delightfullsiatinhecnry Terms mederte, Pood ulnliited sard tCba islt.foeets wibh view of house, refmerens lka, forwardedo plcto oPlo cipal. Boarding ichiool. Chel.not,dialtor, Ipewch 1-¶DUCATION : inclusive terms £0.-AFTO?X E24HO'USE, Oolebvooke-row, ralinton: principal 'Mr. BLL1OJeT. A. first-rate coommercial edncation, including; the clasics and maoderti lArgpages, is offered at the above establlsbmnenL. Diet of beet quality gand unlimited. House and prounds very spacious. Pliospectknse, ro. finance, ft.. forwarded on ap)plication. E'DUCATION, adr*os, Lower Tooting,, J24Surey- wiowlad an dagotrsROECEVE a limited nmnber o YON AIS h r ieal oreand casefnIly odeC.e o onospranm Aeopihneta by emnuint nmaters,on odrttrs.Oldedervdopans wil fiad a hspgj hom andknmaenltetetAdrs .P G., &C. t'DUATIN i PAIIS-Uo.de CORN'ET .Lj whonoded ix ess wih te lte rs.Bray) and her sisters, 11, [DUCA IO , 2 una per annum : no extras,EBJAt an established Scol n a moat heallhy and delightful situation five miles fromton YOUNG GENTLEMEN are BGARDMD and INBTU TDMhcaslsn rench, with all the branches of tuition calcuatdto fomtemnOf binaandesaentia to the accmplishmaent of sound educatin lrpeteeof M,r. Joy, 28, Newington-causeway.-X. Z., 6, Upper onsre.Gle-uae onesstabg:hmet, ear LADES at) wheehenmbeldljoiedtwoortineeYOUNG ferorsattnd.Puplsunder 12 years or age 25 una eranm n -clcie o IeenoionInmusic, I'ench by aredntaisoe,S. Roue ad gouns sacIus. An Articled Pplrqie,Ape Mr. aws pubishr, GeatRussell-street, Bloomsny E ~~~for £S20 per atnnum, clear of aLl oh, Atin, Greek, French, and German included, anda sundromernaleducaIlon, ad an old-estabtibed schooL for gnlmnsss,a few miles In tbs country. Wociwichx examinations are repred or.Much attention Is paid to composition and spelling, the late auhto an1ew priaelpe lby dication from The Times ppe.ppyt B.B. bookeeller's, 470), Oxford-stret. healhy nd hantfol seaity andconucte ontheprinciple of a suprir euctioalhom, epetewih eer doesiccomfort. The pea i diidd Itothee ers. roessrsofeminence attend. For boornopark.Xent,Z' Smih, th LadyPrincipal, Ravens1JWUATIO.-Inan ESTABLISHMENT fo-r Londo8n, thmw boe AACE t ihcms Tehuei iDUCATION, 5gucape quatr no exro-I E s aselertcntahllihms ise tonYUNG LA-DIES arc librally BOARDED and INSTRUCTEDi the English and French lanzagaecs music, dancing, writing, arethmetic, geography, and use of the globes, for the above term,. Laundress, pew In church, with writing aud dancing masters areincluded. Prominses are spacious,and locality extremely healthy. Address, post paid, to A. L,, at Traby's bathins rooms, 34. Si. Mary-axe. Leadeahafl-st,eel. 1P.DUOATION for YOUNGL_ LIE,No2 tan- J2-4 by-crescet, 'Notting-hil,Lono,W,cnutdb Jr. BAXEWEWLL, Autho o"TeMtes rciaill, Etor o "The BrItish aMother' ora, o rfsoeatn eual for the aocmplssmenis an h otnna agae.Rfrne to Wienl ot nuils Inmnsequenoe of ms.kshvn curdMs akwelldoems it necessar to stte that e aelsmn i ee beeni advertised anonymously. 11DUCATION. at Itr&hto~n.-Tho Plrincipal Of Cliffi .1siHouse, receives YOUNG UINTE?EN Into his retiool to EDUCATE and BOARD, at from (0Sto 6 guineas per amnunu The premises are airily andl must plsail .luaeI their ownt grotuner, close to Uithrea, Fer these reasons alone the school is worthy the serious attention of all parents to whom the health and education of their chitdren are alike inportrant. For tirospecinue,5 addrers to Rev. Jas. Grosvenor, Olifi House, Hov, Brightoa. )ATION.ner ilalieah,Ketr aituate In the must healihlc pato1 h egburod onadn extensilve views of the surroundigcuty n o ormntswi from the Railway Statios. Young gentlmn are Prepae at this establishment for the Universities, public schools, navaladrilr colleges and for oooLmercial pursuita, Tersmdrt,Popcus and references may be had on applicatintotePnrpl IDUCATION in FRANCE.-Mr. RA~.ROHA~ND. E21Principal of an ectabllshment for young gentlemen, akt Fontenay sous Bole, adjotinng the P.rk of Vnceannes, three miles from Paris, wiUlbe intown from the 17tlito the 27th of the presentinoeth. FamiHiesi desiring to confide their sour to his care can meet him at Mr. Pugh's 163. Resnt-treet, from 12 to 2 o'clock, to whom references are kinly erittd:as ls to Mrs. Stoveil, A8 M.inring-laue: Mr. RoaXIll. 22, MIiglne' Mr. Becoby, A2 LoDmbard-street ; and where prospeetnaes may L ube otaed. 1) UAI'IN,22 guineas per annum.-At a bihiz,y _,llagix miles from London. YOUNG LADIe French, mausi, drawing, paintinz, dancing, writing, and acithme%ie, kind. Prras-acaacious, with extensive playground. Rdefrnces to Ira.renta. No notice previous to the rescoraL of a pupil. Cards W. W., Mr. 3%a, ual muler, 11, Holborn-asA toetazewibn and?7, gsl nd-creMsen. -a ;5,Dsoraesre ihn MP-V, at Fontenny-sous-Bols, adjoinling the park of Vincennes, three mile, from Paris, is In town to tho 26th of the present month. amilies tei-hig to confide their wons to his care can meet him at Mr. Paz's 183 Regent-street, from 12 to 2 o'clock, to whom ref erenecz are knl permitted: as also to Mr. Stoveil, M bincing-lanie : ir. eel,2. Mtincing-lane: Mr. Besobs, 62, Lorcbard.ctreet; andMr3.Bcly 212. Strand, aa-d wbere -Prospectuses may be had. D~UOA~TION (8iperior).-Inclnsive termsfrom Eg5W 0uinesxs-Parela w are anzot suitod with a school foir their daughters are solicited to vist a first-close establishment, which offers tunusal advantages It is titraate in the healthy locality of Blackbesih, and conducted by a lady of superior aLttainments and musk eerperience. English nan foreign governesses are resdent, and masters of high repue are In daily atten4anoe for all the accomplish. menTz,hirhare inlufded in the above terms, The house is large anud de. tnchd and replete with domestIc omforts,lof tydovritories,babth room, A.Direct Bellini. r. Wray',stationer, Tranqui-vale,Blaokhnatb. PDUCATIOK, Hi~t.MSS M. AXI3DEN J2 RCEIVES ITE Y t rpr for pubis and private schools. Thecoreostdcmpis Eng,ish, Latin, French. singing, danning, addaIg eaaebdadeeydmsi comfort aLnd indulec sgaidt h uis isA sa,se by aclusiclra uo n eietgvrecc eeecsknl alolwed toth rnafn~ct lryen adpoesoa e whoreesonsrAsAhaedct.Qurr to bgna ieo n trance. o praetsso trs hc a he inclusive, apply Ivyhouse.theBakHlbte E~IoN.-~our miles west of London.-A h folaaamuiacalarandvocal talentas,asssted by reridentinoer. nleres end eminea n"terasie has a few VAC ANCLES for PUP LSai her establIshment of high atanding, wher the daugbters of gentlemen ore reevdunmdrThe rie,rwhoreaeducation edvantaergare of te fnd oder A arisenn isresient dadibealtabisedprovted, and ver cae tasn o scur to he upis te omfortsy ofe home.s ThehoseIs a deace mnani, well ventila-tEnd,pousead lascoamodhoos, and Itpead suregroud stAnd unrivat Clledgo e,uc anbrdg. etent.offerenises toarlshentstontbe goiven For proepsecthoae applyin EWUCATION -The sisters of g benedaced clergye lid man who reeive th dauht rs ofrentwlemen tobordceiandw oailneadGra alsaerelent, and, fdistinused mastersuJ coinfotrt of a home would le enlosed with the kindest maternal care. Addrese S. S. S., Bouner' library, Preton- sreet, Brighton. C OfLLEppEforicpl LADIEAS, Brxoff ngice 'Aaey.-h term commsces10thOctber.Frenh. erma, Gein,and Gfrrk Bmathe- Entrace fe £2 L Propectses ad paticuar Qapto furishdby t.- Marl at he clla; o In ondo, byMesss. deiry, 30avie40 gainde., 1. Rirch.lane, CorehtheChaelill.. B for LDIES BritonHerngljest Adre. Wr GoNTYd Dncig,O r GUINEAS malItheinic,Captaine tyenaeI- T at rafirstclae SCHEOOL wher a limited number of GENTLEMEN' SOS rceie asuprio edcaton.The mortars are Cambrigead fregn radats, nd upic re uiklyquaifed for the I pbli an miitay eamiatins,Sitatin bau aulad ver7 HALL-PACE COLLEGIATE SCHOOL, Bexley, l-Mb. Kents-Mr. 0. J, AIMSITRO1 rG espe-rfn.lly invite all1 parents and guardians who have yontbs to pul to schoel. to inspect his mansion of 60 rooms, and pounds of 33 sores, comparisin bowling: green. crictet groundts, fish-pond, rookery, chestnurt pore, extoenivc gvrelec and trout stream, affording excellent and "rfe btic o ti pupils, Ur. A. gusr-antees a round clasiael, mathenahticsl, mlitcary, naultical, or bommsercial edaration to all entrusted to his' care FrO;ncetuses, with views of Hail plIace, in reply to %pplicafists. Omnibus from Abbey-wood, North Ren,t Railway, to Baxley. J'fXI GERMAN and F'RENCH PROTESTANWT lpCOLLEGE and PREPAR&TORT SCEHOOL, (drowe-house. Ol-Psp-lnr-eo'mmoo. conrtinues suseesefully to prepare candidate for erey zsnh -ifmiitay r cvi sevie.In this institution the pup1ta enlheure't hemut ibra teamet,And evrNru t T o FAMILIES.-A clergman. who tak-es a. few Tpupils, off ira a fiuot-ets EDU s,ITI 17 for his qQoN, to anjy geo tlx. ho will givehboard, lodging &c.. to a wal.olifpms,d youth o; 17. onragred In the city -Rev. Ai. S. B.., 11lbea-tide, 1f~O. LICHOjOL TRA.NtWZP_--'lWO L&ABIS2 are anxious to SUOCEED to a highly rerpecta~.lv DAY SCROOL. in thericinity of Lordon. Baysrater, or the ueLhbourhood, wrould be preferred. Premium must he znAerate. Addres A.1 B., post-loafs, Itrecknock-piaoe, Oa,niden-towo. 1RIGHTON. - -ifducation. - -Al &j rI6, by two Ba.idlen, well connected, residing in a heap toy Parte Brl'htOu, the CHARGCE of one or two YOUJNG L&DMqA, +,)hare,tha studigs of a few otherpupils under Ltheir came A. auvezsor and ha iy home la offered. ddtren D.D.. Heooty's library,s g~ral Bhimtton. 3BRUNSWIUK-kLOUSE, Hammoersmith, opposite reevYOX EX9o *AA d- UCA.7S on theahbovel toros incluaing heglsh, French, mu&eic and danciAg wher they wil r cie all the cOmfrt ohm.e tlereferenege gtien. F.VI YATE' SCHiOOL, VTentnor, Isle of Wighr.-A TLgetiasrnao of great experIenoe in tuition, will Ot'EN a tSUEOOL for TW~LVE XOUNGG&TRIUE' N, at Milishelma.% Iu this delightful and WaubrIous locality. Particular attenttu paid to dlct npupls. AddressH.W., I, Clhrton-termae,.Venteor Is'eo Wlgt.~ (JOALLEQ CO0A1A1J.NA.L de kiOULOGAR-SUR%. E Lterary, scientific, and comnmercIal educAtton. Prepwara tory studies; for the army and navy, and spcal Fireuh classes for the ~oi~Eglizh student. Fo reetsapply to Mr. A. H. MorgaN, Otee ovDent-adn e-ad BREAUMONT-HOUISELAIStCOO,t- LIwell Surrery. Supedrb anseful eiducation, A.reaidentParislan. Inclusive ternls *3D per annumn. T3rehotas is detached, with lawn sod plsasure pounds, sveral acresinextent. Prosp.ctnses mayhe had cm aepllcatlon to MWs. Beasualah ICHONDHIL.~::HMEEDUCA~TION 'for R FVLT BYS ensoeatead Inclusive, Reference to pareints. Addreass issOC., po6t-oflce, Whi'tton,W. Thtsad. vert;Lement is addressed to sasents who require for thei children more attention than can behbestowed in a scbool. A MA RIEDCLERGYMAN, of high attainments Aand great experienue a master int one ot the leadingt vubtie echoola in London, FRECIVES Into hisbouse"asboarders PUPIlS, from the same oir any othier school or college, who will he ca,efully as. alated In all thetr studies, Residence large, and healtkily situate. Ad. dress Rev. AL A., care of GI. Silk, Eaq., 79. Pall-mali. T~RIHTON-Il2erman.hoae,Brunswink-road J.J -tcs, ad the issesAibby S&IOVdu ters rp~tr schol astChrstms o te aorsaddes ,whrevyarngmt fuea lac nly uaifie tIn this eor dvllsh'neat fortheeffcint isca beiofth dostuties ofta mrathile, ag cultra, milisr naal,andclii ervces Psqecdreas forard Ronafporca lady is RQUIRED Imesdiatly Oa hsoan bRnIClo, cv dvanagesof a sueiou education,hofLonon and teacmlsmnsb 1~~~a~nco o~e~e~ T WO VACA.NCIES inds AlbaDIES RenstRE 'Li Wm OOMBEMC Muters of ~eminento Piasore.d the peinltab big ostnLy ih DiSarens scamures for. roslntnpee k-read, N,lgh,W F3IVATRT I ON Amarried clerg.M..Oo, s yman,lex tutor, J.ofxfod, acusosdo titin, Rreidngeon This owubenefi, In a peaant eSt and hel eymitaion, about 17 milEs noreth fLon, Rand attnd he ESTABLsn, InSHMchYENGTAD aore careUlly EDUCATD, an ever atmtednti rnbeai onhelty and reTdomTet oxtmfor. rupetues wthte nameors of attendanth proftezrs forarde an aplicaion othprnciAl sdvns. .Getatniai adt UZ~It8-C S TESUCANTOND-CoAe omf Corts.- .BjAmarled Lerymn,DM. OxN, assistd bnd Mascleria Tutor ItROElYg PR t FrenPUILh und. erm1yans ofe mage.Thes term aremoerae,conidrin te secal urfereof the pbecraoolshmnd~ theyinclde lasscs, athmatis, ad tFenh Thelo housa e adve in rT~~UITION.-A married M,A. ~of Tint Cllg used inou eIatchos,ThAsDwoo threeYACAN` .Efor PUAILS, to whIomhe anofer a TExclln edcaM o aOKnd.moptesmberah5e atbspoted Adres ateding care aofe Mr. iUshmeit, pulise, Red Ioo-j wherenn Itlan iRmitr numberonly is renceive.d , Tesse discilin and educaionaJ adanagsq. G reatwttntio is J.Olid,t h moalncig u ltureof theopupil,Tem G0 guinea peqFr anumthe puplsn u ndLern10,25dto whc bee maseters attrendsa the usuncial, terms tver stopctuses apLyntonH.H.6,Uprarsr-ct,Ilgin E1RENC E PRTSATEUATION.-Arom army eaiSaiu The sen iras d elldas ito hreerini.rpupilsreiv ar aoudmtenliah aedubetiorn or. n tad tpytiediu the ter. so-n oustrdy rsesectr,lresdent6 or h pussex o Dzoaewn ols, in tqmnes k. aDlocalIty stronly reomne rSrJ sor ylettr toE FAeS Pr TiI orte bv isitton.I ,dlto tLh tennalcl 40iclndm.-arhemta c ru,hitemso P(&IN. dathe)include fnarm-house,oo about nin malile from London.,wbeethey awshor Obstarally roARidS The gre atesbt,cr and ateninwll beogL up,ayind toepr. meodtetherhaluxth and comlort,hcdmbinedrwth nsrocuteios.oTrmso th o1lersity, ofo pamrticul.Adrsblette to A.p, 1leaTerbys, 0,Vreet Bt roesrs tendingth abov teMistaliest aLUS resman,cDr muso ad sngIg, 7.blkey friends adraw ubing tb. t. afiewdf tFa. daning Mss enox lctuer om Wheed req.emn For furhr portioha. tar ad trm, wic aeu modeae,ades h PTsinclEpaW, 1i, a mer. suub ofLnd, blkeatween Htigacteoan reaereoetoad whos nuber ppilsis remsednto anix, wishes,anCOMPArmO fo,r guiea pe anum Rferncs giv6en t mas idinisersRand t thefred of ppils Addesa . B. carhof mr.Try, dor,t Pseant-bero dpper Holloway, N. ~ ~ e rdece 1. utg pREPARATOR SCIIOOuiror YUN vW%EN- dy estalised 147.Theyearis iviedi to thee tems i opls a rne admtte atan ag bewen fur nd14,anwa aindytimeptdthins the Principal,,Fncr rallyuprovied,sounly aught aondwl edcagtio pg maye ofindetheir Objc taned IN thE sch,oolmbfteadverttisr ampleadoare. Inhnotreaof steet, Cavndiamshtsqeartylclte.ofr engkons h "gade ofSufok.,Reeande the MisesvER.E respect-ow 0A.S talcomrthei frindsn and tuhempbli that a, fewisofher usual VACAuCIEs uarisin fromenth fremtirnemn of seniora puice hav heatl~ ad peaantpat of RackSalht=le faetLorynefrenoss tomw the prent and uardansofpesenyTiland pasotpuis and Uerm fr-mth Kent. SR.= aiwys.TIeRe.R.A catd I th vaiou banches tofna olif paccomplishdiedtedution basd po sei~ou prncpls,AnDVtescal cHaracer-ofya benfamly i of pupo b ay th be ite pwtheMm de Etales CapsEhsesPalt -aam EYhslh OtOc toannonce othsfamiies ho my deiretoacu t eirdntb k- where onilysalmitd number Of YOung ladies of the uppe dlarse are received. The proDrletresees have resided during a long period in Paris, and conduct their establishimeut upon the mnost approved system. of modernprvate education, Engish and coDlinent, baerd upon U'hurch ofxnglanfe principles Master attend for accomplishments. The residence Is near town, In a most dA,rable loca lity. References exchanged, Address Beta, Messrs Cawthomn and Hult, 24, Ceclrspurstireet, Chasing-cross ~UPERIOR EDUCAT-ION.-Pazrents who are dep1.Y osuns that their SONS should receive an accompIlshed EDUCAT oN, oaery moderate and inclusive terms, are Invited to read the prsetsof a school of established reputation, admirably situate, on tewtenside of the metropolis. Thoecourse of studies pursued emrcsalthe essetial branches of a literal education. the domestio arragements are on the most liberal seal, and the morala. health, and gentlemanly deportment of the puptis see especially regarded, The house Is A beautiful mnsostn, surrounded by extensIve play and ole.- sere grondg o FrDprospectus apply by lettet o B.AA., 13, Piccbdadly. .QUPERIOR EDUCATION,.-There asre noW TWVO 1.3 VACANCIES atan FESTABLISRMILN'T where only a limted number of YOUNG LADIE3 of the upper classe of society are received. Conducted by the pressest proprietress for the last 12 years upon b's mst aproed system of moderus pilvate education, English with IV LYfo the aSOtns fEnls NdSforeg reiENTLgoEMsENe Aseror EDUCATION, at the single chare of 40 guineas In Hanover, English history. geoeraphy, b3oolkeeping. writing, drawing drMilig also church sitting, stationery books, laundre*s singe bed, and sts EasNter and Mibesnshlyarl gutnuasa quarter b'eing the Only charge. Referene Will be maelo to ce-seumea and effinerssof blab ranx sbo have Fans at the school. AddreesAlphsa, rae of Mr. White, 33. Fleet-street. flIEPPE.-St, Paul'B College ; established 1828.- ..LJ' Mr. RYDER, of the French Untioerity, Founder and Principa Is now In London, mud will return to Dieppe on the 2irh Inst. Ha wUil be hay to take charRgoefPUPILS whosepareut4 may * ish to combine a thorough knowiedge of the French language witlxa extended couseofIagtih ndclssialedcaion Yun gnelus ae re pard or dmsson nt al ie uble chola bepeiadtedo ACERGYMAN, who is educating a few pupi, tbree of whom awe clergymenu sonA, i oll stortly bay. ao VA COAHY. To thore requdning unusual rre and at'entlou thig off-rr peculi adyantsges A resident eDnchL tutr. Address Rer. X. Y.. port-oflee, fiemeL Hlemratead Hetems A g OMMSSINid-Mcsn,ARMSTRON15 ABI3Q GE:D i WFIHN GtUo B.X Ea Jthe AMY3 Lo pro cure the IOD menander the newregaol1onsof the Genell CommandIng-In-ChIef. ARMY A. INATION S, un der the new Iogula, Atione,-i mlitarx taa.3r qafled toadvise upon and casry out the ooum of ttruotionnecessary to bepurue-^ by o Ddiddat, for orrm1seos,hsssVA0A.W0Y fn REdIDENT P'UPIL. As 13e can admit only three, eseh wil receve abuada.,t attaction. During the lost thresa yeas be bas csted 00 gentlecme at thetir i5rt examination. Terms, 14 gflOeas per montb. References to per,,n, ot the highet xtandling. Address ALA. &GrfiMn's llbmy. lavetrkic-blit N.W. ,-- ILITARY TUITION. -A Gradsuate of lCant ibidge, who has been engaged f, severl years In preparing candidates for examination for direct avi,olntmer'te wool*ich Band.: hurirt, to., RECESIVES a few RESIDENT PtTPiLA Addrems M.&, Barnes, Surrey, S.W. MILITARY BDUiOATION, *t Holland-honse, System."yI1el o " s ec Stemo " t.regpectyr.es ter.mive) at Parker', 445, Wt trnd and Rtvfrgtn's, Wa. jILIT Y EXAMINATIONS-G.entlemen de- dr fpainin before the siew lystep takes effect in Januarjr, cMWWeq9 tsaeeesr INSIIRUiOP fromia mnilitay tat4r, who dtw6PnPGtia1hAonln&U and has never 1tied. The uu msrle c the leat Dosible lo or time. =dres Dlla Xbs lirw.27.didBondeirekt. ifHE PRACTICAL f{LITAILY OOLLEGE of EScPIg2 CABDIDATM for every BJLNOB of .bUs ad he E.C.z ERVICBS-11ne, cavalry arUiIeY, engineers, and staff. Tw Eo glish matmer a Germnan oSleer of the Engieer, ad a renh saffoafor reside at the College. Apply to IFjRENCH warranted to be TAUGHT in three Lmontba-real and troatworthy engagement, and only paid for iU the can speak Prenob. The advetier doctorin Law, late Bar. rister Of the Iloyal Coort of garis, and can give the itd atisfactory refareoes Adres toD. .,36. BSxwick4droet, Oxford-etreet. FRENCH LiA8SES.-A lady, of continental birth ,,?osees; oommto holdMORN ING Zo G V< O,RL n Plrn.drlotehr VI{^U°ZO hod ASS981a fallofortheeIN11TRUOVLONto ladles and, entleoen (vainya ) of the FRENOit LAiGIOTAiiw, eonvernatinalyan ohewie. Terrns onegiea perqarter. Addremby se ormrlyat14.Tavstck~tret, ovnt-ardn.Wanted, an EngishGovrnss or tadenans fmiy. fieboua" from 11 pI)ARLEZ-VOtfl3 FRANAITS ?-Many to xWhom Ltbs Qestoniputwill answer 1 ~IcauFeadktanlia,e and under. 2B I6tCABSEd, unwhiwe thhe GERMAN tically and practleslly.reby deparaMr ot,3 xo .betwn t nteo and Regeit-drcu, FERMAN, French, Italian, and SBenish TAUGHT. thog h eium of English, and Fren, tramnniaticslly, andby unvrsalon Evrykind of translatilon done, "s Families andscholsattnde. Dstaceno objeoo. Termsamederate. Apv,ly toPoesrLITTAIJIL, Upper Cllfton-sktet. Firssbury. N~ OTICX.- r AHNa celobrated COURSES in the JRE1[GINCH fatno, Genan Greek, and and f ar de thedegnt,tim e published inw.Tlandi q GtJAGe Thom-oii, t ~ ice ~s. ~ may' be -f qufedin T th ISON-ee0N monhh ~INGNG Panoorte andWaxFlowe.s-IX. ~S8TEflT16X ie in tbe above aosompllsbments, bya lsdy, on Tery moderate terms. Addres P. a., poet-offiee, Ludgate-hill. Pin GItar and Harp.-~Aperformner R oonleGte B end PspllOforlTeIIChat%aAron, and eminent K aT - ters,wlshes for PUPwe.Her stYleaan sethO-jarlsmuchaseomd,and the progress ot her pupils rapid. Tersu from £8 per quarter, or six lemons a gauina Attends evening parties, rnd wculd amuse Invalids. Moderate terML.-ElizAbotb, Gardner's ltbrry.r Rrldge.pl,, Harrowrd (~ ORET-~-ISTON.IJE ~ -NS o the -above InGtrment, and the the orf heio thoroughly tught a alaan profegsor, onx moderate terms, &ad at hig Own ressdenre at sG. per leorn. Addren Alpha, 19, craoyver-snqoe, Bennington park, O' at T NER' ACADEM, oitb , BIomn- FtlnebslmvcrCas. Re-decorated and Imrproved_ n.- tulon a any hour inl the new and Mlr Dofable daneo, T laalo s en Monday&suad Thurdy.Jvnl ls Wednesda anid Satzrday afternoons. Schools On fmile ted I'hANIONG.-jays er.-Mr. and. Mili KY1G IDTi1 he ther nur ;to announce their oLAnES for DANCINGi Deprtmnt,andCaIstenI Exrcieswfi re-ussmble for the owaos on Wednieeday, Octber 7. at their residgen Belmont-hous, 7d Qua-road Bayewr at thbonisiandx hfamilies attended. TeANCING-Te chapend Mrsou iEInELRTn for D orDastrae tDkieg ar G , s sbeglet respEctfullyt an - nounce othatbther BAADEMY foi evr tle of fohdoableat. £1 l la l b OEN fo An the saogtn fsonaburda, 8 tau at. Schol aerd ofamli Mwtiges atedd.rtermsacpl asd abpode, ate spahows Dyroomsuto oheneat the eouNse in Ladounorm to totherop ttoeroc Mud.z r. AheCADEMttr , a noe- dttl tDoN who baog n the d Near tmedCityoor onden atrppoite,d alnclageitnosr pridvatc l and. depodtinont,all hours, f i, and;i Royalo 114yn4bjaoseos tnh theDk nd Dnob of. MidoutpoIngero d-ndn1thet, Misc r 0. uA particlar on appli atin orbW nlsn a stdtmpe.i M R ESTA' oIresabanhd Mrs.GEORYfor tb WWG, e4 G ell e retght, OP8d. ib dneso at allt ht OPs, tfor th ABNE WTer D, comecog frORaBOtWr, onul clnMone lads or Petrle oment.. otA lom Mto 1ndaye aundter Idi; a Juvenile clueo£ Tednesdayandce toraugt inSchid bools and famiiesatteend.Th bo rxligstoannoune Ito i Dm0^youmoert8 ou sIr ^rmer 32d paplix room ebla sugaed occoln y mp aa Dtteptoirem A ES ofoing thi t troyan. dtNe tUotto toegrachm the nmew and fapeshkione d r Lanes to leos ive,rmnh alt os ofnthe dbay. ois haver thgeadvatg o c beuiwth e i i the irenau ote eor muoeia ad fwl. ns. Lhe,Sie oeight, lomone ines, A; sayJbr e ItL, uraer-d daiy adStra;a adult wh clsnve ad tevlerys enowedige oAademv, - Grea L'USH^RIONA3LI orNLIFE-M~m lT ElLOY,de Invitin all her puplds,atS otrok. nstructoiUsand da ncin whe aDint fre for th aout d rgeul-rstreee Ikfrmneo wn wallow-street. oho. RoyovuD poioal prloun, se the ADuead ucheiss of Moutener drn h residnc nthis counr, resp fulyinformsscols and f m-liboes idn towno coutr, that *nis addresbODwit a, rohout Tae. ds 11,f. FESTEA' LD-PEtalOshedTYACAlyEMYrforet Nem D0NmCI6, of (lopewell road, Opositngcr-st, newly for rthE ON. Ters, com mitf ent pawnrracead on t Mteo.- dof IetdSnet mDuy a Saintereay tehan , from atred.e £1 I h e dnetuh incasmcools andofamle fattold, that heold00M ane Inwow PNfd h winer eas t on.Teband thas been ancdsider bly aumeinte an resevral Iort settlemutsons mgade diio to th prorame t hres ne Impera3tXrise Vale Laces,lu.,li he P RT introduced,^ redrn hste rnIa centc ormuic haind toan aul who ba never hadthe stkowldg of dancproing -nn peprs ot uaterevszd niht, ithh titoren, At;dt twice aL Yeu, is. th ounitry m,Gay lasI n a ypivt ragmnswt "eV'RS UAR r . LIF ET-] h MrC Deanstret, oregho. °DSl>ertumtes riTOEua NeTED Oreto tORRiOt W, onW sev^tort l CAnu taplye xweptmion agents) to Mr. farmr2,o ten-buildings, tCa r-n, W sctr. ~IONEYADVBITIO, witho- deay,ifonFRBInseivaj orLdmior.-LWASOLRIGHTPto PERTTY.Apyto kabr. Bret. 4.uWeitnfretonchtsrnbefrte Londn-86dto b ote SODwoLoutinwar Merpoliataon1an provinia Landtb anddro.sed Soiety.7 cftsztot BtrNd Y W. ACE yMr .B.LX £VJOICE, fof 92.ESt. HalnB-aerlhxigo-strs, nelyoposIte ewstee, oven-garen, sDvesmt an a wnNbroke[R,on LAteand VLLLPS (pres d and leasehldpoperoty, revero ne o moul sy In the t funs n obthi eorwiselifeonteprests underiwish or setteients,slegace, annueistresand oae approvedtsecurotiexs.Apl tonH Young,tmReq., soliito, l, Tay'-in-suarg L rivd undr wils o seleertolo re-adnT. tod mFURT CHA theabov desriptonro PDI ETY aply to Mr. Howsfree 11. Baufor-buidings Strrd,nd. (IREAT EXIBITINTIO851ACertnctdIvn Iso love-Ted DInew Sothdo plmfingTO lien all ters,roALF, na)ereand xlor.-le,A RIGHTwa o tomPmTNT thi3 s kyud to-a "istefo duotlornlo furte rpiano,tio he SODp woly v tor, inpart. paieese.. sd,onhe ddrsse Wldorn,ies. .gesre if in, W.C-Mesrs. D.VLE and IOaIto CItoULfu fhore and VEIIOESIfre onappicaton)eunaluseveyctiormalns to o 'ntnnt,ama do. otbtanin pevlsona prtecion Brtis an oflforeBigniphtenod fIX) INVENTORS, &c.-WANTEDby a yt,LOo,n News Rooms, 68, Cheapslde.crzr. ..AODList of SU tbeT frDSC PlebttYd rall rem forS ve free onanlctof~o by on ree maoerfrono.T ese t7 EIMPOT1 TIVETO-Agntea,hvn P0 ANGLRS. EAALES FARLOW, 19 . Strad, m anulsot °rrof ropmrlor FI4HING RODS 5 TACLE,at odeateprices Catxloguies satls. FOBALE b~ Teder MIITI KWAP-SACEKK Will ie fr --tienon te KNPSACcS, nurpete,for Sat' . and portable CRANES of all tand cranesfor wurehonmes. t tent weighing racbin, witoutlots eihts Ctalgns feeOf JMSand MiALCOLM, the FRAME and P A PR or ae C s for PACINC-. me aotion ofb t,d twofrt I ter ed to wrkt stoe ore s>late, oauar upenmo timber.lot Seeun skec.& t Messr T[P ESBL And ANVsS IRAN FOUDt of , SACrG andb forCAIIV *I n tree a M U ferAKAon sati, ng ml pies.a, 17 ,W. B 24,oePwe 1Essox-sirp rSt PoSe-sres OMACHIabre MAKn e S ao i,Femnd hRot FOUrD-k hdrauicNnhES d to ER METALS, in complete rder; a keep inmoeton a lare manufaotboy; vertical ilso aus the met,alswth or wtbonut water; also Iron stem ollss AplytoMr. B. r, P'antou Hoite, Oxeoden-stetet, Haymrke, bfor iio'cock In the morming. IRN WATERTANKS, Cattle -H .bets to call attention to the above6 articles aa the heapst,mostdurple, tibe, and free from aII pernicIoug matr. ba e mnade inAs5it00 pamto arrw togetber, for the country Or exPortaon, suitable also for epirits. oils, k-ER FROS)', enginm.eer A. 17, Rathcbone-place. London. Sectrat goodt ILathes, presses, and 3-hore engine for sale. atem and hot water.work baLtbs, ranges, jacks, to. Upholsterers Decorators, Smiths, C and be acuaitedthat a SUPPLYL of the varied kinds of RON Y vm in toEe tradmsis now In stock at 21. Davesstrss, tre dorsout of Oxford-street on Its south mje YOUNG'.Bermughm ad Wolverhampton London rtnek). oommodation on vlidting this eAstbishment will and the=*"s complet arn tens St mod-rto chugs-a CAMos.Wmar,ss and maf. inw "'Vu'se. -d timate free within imlo mn,B. sttr.
MON SY -ARXKETandCITYIN TELiiJoz FJasy r The funds opened heavily to-day at the dul quota, t,ols reached after regular hours last evening, but theie wai subsequently a alight Improvement Coniols f.r money were first quoted 89k to 90, but. there were soon buyers at 90. Prices then ranged between 89 and 90k, and the final operations were, at 90 to X for money, and 90i toi for the 14th of October. The Indian news reoeived yesterday oontinued to exercise an uufavourable influencet From China; however, a very satisfactory movement irL tl;e rates of exchange is reported, a fall having taken place of 1 to 1l per oent. at. Hongkoxng, and 2i r cent. at Shanghai. In the StockExchange to-4y there was no paticularpressure, for money, advances on Government securities being obtainable at 5 per ceat., but the large revenue and other payments usual at the end of the qurrter ame causing scarcity in the discount.market, arnd the ap. plications at the Bank are proportionably numerous. Traa'mactions in Bank Stock took place at 218i with dividend. India Stock left off at 210 to 212; Ind1w Bonds, 23s. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer-bills5 Bs. to 4s. discount. The foreign stock-market continues inanimate, but without any sensible reduction. Portuguese have been negotiated for the account at 456; Spanish Deferred, 25k; Turkish Six per Cents., 95; for the account 94 and i; di-tt Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 99i and {; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 100. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate. upon Amsterdam, Hamburg, and Frankfort were slightly lower; onVienna, Trieste, and Leghorm they were higher than last post. The corn-market was heavy this morning, and eales could lot have been presed except at t decline of 29. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the, week shows a steady business and a further advance of id per lb. on Amerlcain descriptions. The final quotations of the French Three pet Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were67f. for money and 67f. 20c. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of a half per cent. At Viennn and Amsterdam there has likewise been more firm- nesas. The advices from New York to-day by the Northl Star exhibit an average rebound of about 8 per cent. from the lowest point of depression. Erie Railway had advanced from 19i to 21, New York Central from 72 to 77i, Panama from 79 ta 85, Michigan Southern from 17 to 24, and Illinois Central from 91 to 99. Reading was the only important stock that had experienced a further decline, the price, which was 53, being now 51k. The banks had been strengthened by considerable receipts of specie from the interior, as well as by & large arrival from California, and the general feeling was that, although some violent fluctuations might still occnr, the period of greatest danger had beem surmounted. The speculators, however, were sfil bold in their predictions that much worse events would yet be witnessed. There had been no farthero important failures either of banuk or of mercantile firms, and it is satisfactory that transactions have talken place in the stock of the reoently suspended Ohio Life and Trust Company at 13, since from this it may at least be assumed that, according to some opinions, there will be a. surplus, even after all the creditors shall have been paid in full. Credit, however, had as yet revived only in &. very partial degree, and the rates of discount ranged between 16 and 30 per cent. Shipments of gold were consequently still withheld as much as possible, aud. the amount brought on this occasion is onl 10,0001. The Railroad Convention, which assembled on the 1st inst., had been permanently organized under the title of the American Association for the Improvement of Railway Machinery. The failure of Mr. William Sunmmerskdll, a silk manufacturer at Manchester, was announced to-day, but his liabilities are not supposed to be very heavy. The India-house have declined the offer of the fleet of the European and American Steam Coma pany for transporting reinforcements to India i1 connexion with the overland route, " as it is not at present the intention of Her Majesty's Government to aend any considerable body of troops througlh Egypt." In the colonial produce-markets during the week there has been an increased business, and prices oE mostarticles are maintained. For sugar on Tuesday and Wednesday there was an active demand, prnDcipally fromn the refiners; the grocers also purchased more readily, numerous transactions bemng concluded at full and occasionally advanced rates.. Subsequently, however, the movement subsided, andthe market has closed without animation. A decine of about Is. per cwt. has been submitted to. on plantation Ceylon coffee, at whichthere was more activity, while for Costa Rica extreme rates have been obtained; the declaration made by the Dutch Trading Company that they will not sell below the late bought in rates until the spring sales has given a firm tone to the market here. A speculative inquiry has again been experienced for tea, and there have been numerous transactions at improved price. T'he trade have also purchased to some extent. Common congou is firm at is. 2id. per lb. Public sales are advertised for Tuesday. Several floating cargoes of rice have changed hands at full terms, but on the spot there is not much doing. Saltpetre has recovered the decline quoted last eek, and for floating parcels there have been buyers at ls. to 1s. 6d. per cwt. advance, with limited quantities offering. The sales of spice in Holland on the lGth went off at lower quotations, except for black pepper, which was rather dearer. At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day Colonel Petrie Waugh again failed to attend to pass his examination, and a further adjournment was ordered to the 19th of November. The return from the Bank of England for the week ernding the 12th of September gives the following results when compared with the prerious week - Publlo Deposits ... £7,658,478 ... Increase 157,164 Other Deposits ... 9,180,187 .. Decreaso S10,:02 Best ... - .. 3,903,222 ... Increase 9,971 On the other side of the accoount:- Governuaent Securities £10,593,653 ... The same as before. Other Securities ... 18,664,052 ... Increase 3u,062 Notes unemployed ... 6,194,375 ... Increase 129,805. The amount of notes in circulation is 18,872,8251., being a decrease of 374,0151.; and the stock of bullion in "oth departments is 11,218,4611!, showing a decreas of 272,8521. when compared with the preceding return.
TRAD RBEPOR!. Friday Evening. SUGAIT-41-The pablicauctiong to-day samounted to 4,093, bags, au4 are as foUows: 477 bags Mauritius were takem in at 47s. to 49s. for middling to good yellow; and only a small portion of 2,788 bags EAst lndia were disposed ofViz., Gurputta dates, superior, Ms. to 56s. 6d. ; the Dumma, very low, at 37L. 6d., and middling, 42s. to 44s. 828 bagp native Madras were withdrawn atl 40s., and also 664 boxes good yellow Havanunah at 52s. to 5s. The ales for the week of West India have been very large-say, 4,000 bhds., and privately to-day 800 hhds. Cuba musoovado are reported to have been bought for Plymouth at 46s., thequality being good yeUow refining. The prices for the week vary very little from those of the last one. Good kinds ar rather dearer, but the lower sorts are in many instances easier. A salo of 1,043 boxes and 86 hhds. Havannab has been made for a near port at 34a. for No. IL CoFm&-The market closes at steady rates. At austion 572 ksa and 600 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon sold - fine fino ordinary to low middling, 73s. to 76s. - and middling to good middling blue, 77s. 6d. to SOs. 6d. (Of 740 bags Costa Rica hAlf wa disposed of at 71s. 66. to 72s. 6d for fine fine ordinary pfhsh coloury mixedL Ricy._-Market quiet, and the bulk of the 3,500 bags Bougal at public sale was taken in at 13s. 6a. to 14s. for good white. A small portion of Dacca grain sold at 10s. 9d. 193 bags cleaned Java were withdrawn. SALTvr^ERBr-280 bags Bengal brought stiffer rAtes; 12i per oent. refraotion, low colour, 61s. 6d. ; 6 per oent., s.;and 5 per cent., 548. 6d. to 55s. PrivateY 800 begs on the ot soldt a 56s. Gd. for 4 and 4 per oet.; and on arrival 200 tons, at 56s. 6d. to 67s. LSD1GO.-144 aerons Guatemala in public sale mosty, sold at Is. 4d. per lb. advance in July rates. Prices ranged as follows :-Oortes, low lean to good, 4s. to r3s. 4d.; Sobres,. ordinary to good, 6s. 4d. to 6s. lld. per lb. COC1cflAL-Tbere is a tpecial active inquiry at l. per lb. advance; 1 bags in public ale to-day went as followrs:-95 bags ionduras adlver, low to good, 3s. Sd. to, 4s.51h. per lb.; 36 bags black, ordinary to good, 4s. 3d. to6s. 8d.; 7 begs aud Teneriffe silver, 4s, 2d. to 4FA 3d. per lb. COCOMTr OIL is in fair dmand at firmn prices, chiefly for home trade. At anotion to-dsy, of 560 casks offered a portion sold up to 501. for Ceylonz, and 501. 1is. for Cochin. PAL.M OIL realizes 461. lOs. for fine LLgos, and 401. to 44?. for low and ordinary, at which prioes part of 440 casks were sold at to-day's sale. TALLow.-The market has been steadier to-day busi. nass done at 59d. 3d. for the month, and 5Ss. to Ms. id. forthe last three months' delivery. QRygTAL PA).Aii.o -OaK S aIL G DBAY, Friday, Sept. 18.-Admas one payment, 2v297; ditto, by seon tlcket 202. Total ldtorg, 2,499,
RAILWAY AND MINING SARES. i - The railway-market opened Frdday Evenin. llhe railway-market opened he&vily in sympathy kth the ftnds, but a partial recovery subsequently lok place, and more firmness was sbown at thes lose. A decline, however occurred in some de- *ptions, especially Great Northern, L.ndon a.ld Forth-Western, East Lancashire, Sheflield, au!l Derwick. Caledonian, on the other hand, advanced. Canadian shares were weaker. In Indian there is no 41teration. A general improvement took place iln trench, owiinz to the receipt of higher quotations 'from Paris. Lombardo-Yenetian were also slightly better, and Dutch Rhenish receded. In Amerioan, Illinois Central bonds and Ohio anfd Pennsylvania were higher, and Michigan Central vwere again rather worse. The principal fluctuations in minue conkisted of a considerable advance in East Basset iand North Frances, and a reduction in Alfred (ConIo]s. There wa no variation in joint-stock banks. In miscellaneous securities, London Discount and INational Discount slow a fractional improvement. ORDINABY SHAKES AND STOCKS. CANALS. Ashcon & Oldhacm, 140 Kennet alid Avon, 5* Rochdple, go lSiw ingliam, 90 Leeda & L3verVooi 4eO Stoutbridge, 310 Cectuky, 1905 Lelartec &: liPton, 13 Warwlokc s Na %on, 10 Gr,n-d JitnctIon. 50 Regent'e, l9* Wocoeteg k Blcm., lOj Ditto, gtar. 6 p. o., 12 WATEERWO!E. BerlIn, 5 FRat L-ondon, 5 p. et. TAmbeth, 95 prof., 26 We.t Mlddlex, 99 BRIDGES. Hnnecford, 61 Vauxhall, 17h GASLIGHT AND OGKE OOMPANI39 Brightoa, 144 ImPorlal New, 22 PhoenIx, 47 Clty of London, 95 Iup. Continiental, 52 BSier oCons,101 Great Centreli II, Do Second ('wpLtal. 65 Westmlnter Ch i52, 2 Imerhia, 75 London Par. Pref., 95 wetern A, 7* INSURANCE COMPANIS. Albion, B5 Conl ty, 845 London, 33 Alliance, Brlt. & For., Enele. Ii ~ Marine, 75 16* Globe. Sn PFallcau 50 Do.. Marlie, 42 Guardian, 45, ]bcernx, 167 Atlee 1t l Iniperlal Life, 19 Ioysa Exchange, 277 Britie (Ooxneceial, 5j Indemnity Mor., 13 Union, 50
IA ILWA Y INTEXL3lGBVCZ. RAILWAY REROPT- Th traffic returns of railways in the united kingdom published for the week ending September 12 amounted to 607,1681., and for the corresponding week of 1856 to S00,1881., showing an increase of 6,980.' The grom re. ceipts of the eight railways having their termini in the metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 211,3281., and for the corresponding week of last year to 211,1381., showing an increase of 1901. The increase on the Eastern Counties Railwayamountedto 2,1801.; on the Great Northern to 298I.; on the Great Western to 361.; on the London and North-Western to 1,7611.;-totl, 4,275L But from this must be deducted 1711., the decrease on the London and Blackwall; 1,5271. on the London, Brighton, andSouth Coat; 1,8711.on the London and South-Western, and 5161. on the South-Eastern-together, 4,0851. ; leaving the increase as above 1901. The receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 295,8401., and for the corresponding period of 1856 to 289,0501., showing anx increase of 6,7901. in the receipts of those lines, which, added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the otal increase 6,9801. as compared with the oorresponding week of 1856. The following are the receipts of railways for the past week:- CHESTER A]-D HOLYHEAD. The balf-yearly meeting of this comzpany was held yesterday at the Euston station, Sir Morton Peto in the chair. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in Thc Times, was taken asread. The CHAIRMAN, in moving the adoption of the report and accounts, said, ho believed they contained everything so fuLy that It was not necessary to trouble them with any observations; at the same time hewould be happy to answer any questions that might be considered requisite. There vwas, however, one sabject of importance to which he would refer. It was with regard to the improved commnunication with Ireland under the mail contrac., which involved no fresb liability. Tho subject was of considerable importance to them, and as thonecessary arrangements with the London and North-Western and the Dublin Steam Company would in all probability materially affect the interests of the Cbester and Holyhead Company, a special meeting would be called to enable the shareholders to express their opinion upon the proposed arrangements. The mail contract with the Governmeot would extend the allowance of 30.0001. per annum for 14 years after the new arrangement came into operation. He felt it was due to them and to himself to inform them of his intention to retire in March next from the position he then held in the company; and he believed that one of bis colleagues (Mr. Jackson) also intended to retire at the same time. Tvwo vacancies would be thus created which the shareholders would have to fil up. Mr. W. JACKsoN, M.P., a director, said, there would be four vacancies to fill up, as two other directors would retire by rotation. He (Mfr. Jackson) had long wished to retire | from the board, and he thought he could do so next March without any injury to the concern. It had improved so much that it was in a safe position. In reply to a questior. It was stated that the acsets of the company were more than sufficient to pay off all the liabilities. The revenue of the current half-year would enable them to clear off the 16,0001. of arrears due on the second preference Es'ares, and it was then expected that the net earnings, would be sufficient toj pay all the preference chbrges and probably leave something for dividend on the old sasres. A SHARE}}OLDER thought thero would be no difficulty in filing up the vacancy which might be caused by the retirement of the chairman, presuming that his numerous engagements left him but little time to attend to their afairs. (Cries of "No, no . ) The Hon. O. STAsnEy, xP., said, it was a matter of surprise to him biow the chairman could devote so much time as he did to the affairs of the company. He felt certain that it would be no easy matter to supply his place. Mr. JACKSON remarked that it would be impossible for any one to do more for the concern than Sir M. Peto had done to benefit the company. There could be no doubt that his successor would have a much easier post. The company was involved In difficulties when he joined the board; those difficulties were graduaUy overcome by great labour, and they would soon be in the position of paying off all their arrears on account of preference charges. The road was worked by the London and North-Western Company. There were some differences of opinion as to the mode of working the traffic, but nothing of any importance. Mr. Lxwrs was sure the sharebolders mnust feel greatly indebted to Sir Morton Peto for his great exertions in promnoting the interests of the compDany. He regretted to hear that it was his intention to retire, and hoped he would reconsider it, and remain a little longer at the head of their affairs, which he had so much improved. (Hear, hear.) Other shareholders expressed regret at the proposed retirement of tho chairman, and, in reply to questions. it was stated that the debt due to tbe London and North-Western Company amounted to 221,0001. They were endeavouring to sell the surplus land belonging to the company at Britannia-park and other p laces. When they could dispose of the second preference shares and their surplus land they would have more than enough to pay off alU debts and liabilities, a nd return the 34,000h borrowed or taken from revenue. Mr. R. Bzxsoy explained that the interests of the Chester and Holyhead and those of the London and NorthWeatern Company were identicaL The latter held half the ordinary capital of the former company, and were otherwise interested in the unccess of the railway. There was no adverse interest, and they were determined to carry out the agreement in every respect The Hon. 0. STALXy coneiderod that the interests o the two lines were not identical. The report was then unanimously adopted, and the dividend at the rate of 5o per cent. per annum was declared on the first preference stock, and payment of arrears of dividend at 5 per cent. per annum for six months on the second preference shares was agreed to. On the motion of Mr. LEIsws a resolution was passed expressing extreme regret at the intimation of Sir M. Peto and Mr. Jackson that tliey intended to retire from the board in Mazoh next, and requesting them to reconsider the matter, and continue their valuable services for some time longer. The CHAIRM.zc bad for a long time entertainedan anxious desire to leave the board, but he felt he could not do so satisfacDorily until their affairs were in agoodposition. Their assets no x exc.teded their liabilities ; it was probable that all matters of any difficulty would be settled before March next, and that his snoceimor would have no difficulty in conducting theiraffirn. When he first joined the oo01. pany they were several hundred thousand pounds in debt, and there were 300,0001. worth of overdue debentures at various banks; the company was in pgeat peril, and, he gave his personal ecurity to tbe extent of a quarter of a million to get the debenturs renewed. (BIear, hear.) It ws not a very agreeble position, but he worked hard, and, with the assistnce of his colleagues, had brought the oonoern not (nly out of its difflculties but into a condition to pay all its Ireference charges. The time he thought bad arrived when he should retire aDd could leave them in a safe position, He would be glad to give the board an} isstanoe in hi powver, bat wonld retire at the timo mentioned. Mr. JAcKnON would not leave the company in any diffleulty. but he would be gladi to retire, unless his colleagves considered that it was necessary he should remain some timse to assist them. A vote of thanks to the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. MIDLAND GREAT WESTERN. The report of the directors of this company states that the receipts for the past half-year amounted on the lina from Dublin to Athione, andl on the Longford and Cavan branches, to 73,2260, against 64,0041. at tohe cor' ndin od of 1856, showing an increase of 9,2221., incl%mg 2,95 i'from the working of the Cavan branch, which ws not open in tbe corresponding half-year. The total inoome from the raiway and canal amotnted to 84,563L.; and the dishurse. menteto 537371. leaving the net profit 30,8261. To this was atdec 2,6781. the balance from last half-year, making a dlsposable sum of 33,504L Out of this sum the directors propose that a dEvidend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, free of income-tax, amounting to 29,7511., shal he paid on the canital of the company, and the surplus of 3,7561 be carried to the credit of the next half-year's account. The accounts for the eztenidon from Atilone to Galway have been examined bythe auditor appointed by the Treasury, and certificates issued in conformity with the Act of Parliament for the sum payable by the haronies, which the directors are happ to add amounts only to 315., while in the correspomdg period of last year the charge was 1,5231. The con. tinued improvement of the trafic on this section of the line is viewed with greet satisfaction by the directors, and gives them oonfidence in hoping that in a short period the receipts wiU be more than sufficient to meet the.expenses and interest chargeable on it. The working of the Grand Caual has been effectively carried on during the past half-year, and, notwithstanding the severe oompetition in rates wbich has been adopted by the Great Southern and Western Company, this board look forward with undiminished conlidence to its beneficial effecs on future operations. The extensions from Longford to Sligo, and from Streamstown to Clara having received the sanction of Parliament, It is the intention of the directors to proceed in the construction of these lines so soon as the neoesary arrangements are made to enable them to do so. The Bill of the Great Northern and Western Railway for making a line from Athlone to Castlera ha also passed the egiature. The Great Southern and Western Company have ruceeeded in obtaining an Act for their extension to Asthlone, but with restrictive clauses to prevent undue competition for the traffic, which properly belongs to this compMy,
STATE OF TRADE. MANCHE8TEI SEPT. 18. There is les inquiry reported for heavy goods, sauch as domestics this wreek, the result of the constantly aud rapidly increasing prices manufacturers are obliged to ask in consequenee of the derness of cotton andyarm, but stocks are light and sellerare not disposed to make any abatement. The amount of business in printing cloth in also small. There have been some fair sales of 36-inch sbsrtlngs, but India 4O*inch fabric5 of this doscription are hut 31ttle inquired for. Prices, howrever, are firm. In yarns there ha3 not been a large business generally, but there is still a good business for warps and copa for exportation, at id. over Last wedeks rates.
THE COBN TBADE. COBWS2XO "Gl xMARx-LANx- pamay, Siw. 1I. Tho gpeB to thie mket ths weemk we IhOrt of most deACADMOnI IOf l!ng&lh P&ralit the eb xoepdon of XogEBeh Wheat, vhich is hfb3ra1 effee aiee 1i to & per qure jern mone7 era dingon aduIlau. . . ondi nIn Baler them waa no aterion i value Oate very drm with a moo4 business pawng, and quite m dear ma on ?Monday. 7en an pe. am wrehout ean. Ylomrwa dull and cbeeDer: j lorfoilk was worth onr 40s 6:i. Indlancorn is in demand, t ull , dcal~~~~~~~~~~m WAKEFIELD, S6Pr. 1. Wo bare had a weec of very finereather, audhdarwet opentions In the North are now proceeding rapldr. The wheat nrde Is vey dall to-day, an,d rceofine newwheat and. frehold mus. be quoted IL to P. ;er q~tesr lowrer. while other ors are difficult to quit eTen at a farther de2line, the only elceptin being veychoice whit.,which is Larce, sad consequently relatIvely dear. Fine ner harley binGuirod fter, and rather de9rer. Ben, steady. In oats and shelling no LIV3EPOOL, BSxa. I, Mhe a-r1va1 frOm Irelad and c'ratwlaeshoes Tuesday ba,s been fatrot wheat, but oberwlelilgt. From foreign Dustg we h,,ve r- oeived 8,300 quarters of rheat, 592 quarters otoat&, &6894 qurters of ia corn 2870 barrels of flour. The exports in the same timle comprise LE05 quartera of wheat, 336 quwrte ,of oasg, 1.90S qeartera of Indian corn, 748 eacks and 331 barrels of flour. With areturn of fine weatber there haa be lvs animatiou in the tradeh'weer, in the abrence of any epDUPeg Of consequence, pIces of ail articles are fstrly supported. At this day's markettherews onlyaern1ialttenadnce of thetowand Dountry trade, and, tbe weather being ery fine, the demand was quite ot3 retll character, at ratber lower prioes for old and foreigm wheatn6 and 3d. to 4d, per 7Oib. decline fin new Irisb, of which there wras rather alarge bow. FloesmaintainedittaIn;ebutthelews silow. Oat and oacrneelremainedaloaelatquoted. Barley, beans, and peas were in fair request, atilae rate. There was some inquip for Indian corn. and holdens showed some dispossitln to hold out for nmere money than on-Toesday. MAYOIf3TEI?TR, BKP. 17. The lour trade during tboweek has not mnaintainedthe same activity as previourl? noted, owing probhbly to the dealers and bakers having suppUed their wants for the present, but the limited nature of the stock- on hand has enabled sellers to obtain ful prices In the businem powing. Beze;, a&% and Indian com have hra rather an upward =Gnenc, in value. At Liverpool the arrivalsof wheat and Indian corn from abroad and o, oatmeat from; Ireland are to a tolerably fair amount, but of other atic.es the supples are vey Hgbt. Our market this morning was thinly attended. The bst ruam of Euslinh new whea meSt a slow sale at last weoes rates, while damp and Interior eorts were neglected. Amerl on red must be quoted 20. per lb. deawer, other kinds rematiing unchanged. Flour wa In very imt'emnnd and te tendency o priceswas in favour of buyere B lith beans a .rned s, per 2q^uarter. Old atDe and othemeal beiag IFrc brogtrtermr oe, u e ee ahrcepe.
Irm tAC LONDONt GAZZT2Z of Friday, SEp. 18. W"TT'rnrATrT. *_ - The Right HO. Sir AlexAnder Edmund Cockbur, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of Her MAjeast Court of Commona Pleas at Westminster, has appointed Charles RudsdeU Woraloy, of Gainaboroogh, in the county of Lin,co.n, gentlemn, to be one of the perpetual commissionera for taking the acknoledgments of deeds to he executed by arried womnen, under the ct passed for the abolition of ee and recoveries, and for the substi'ution of more simple modes of assurance, in and for the parts of Lindsey, in the SEIPBROKERS' COMMISSION AT DIEPPE. The Comnittee of the Privy Council for Trade and Plan tations have received a copy of a despatch from Her Mr, tesgx Ambassadorat Paris, enclosing a copy of a French L..perial decree fixing the commission to be charged by ahipbrokers, agents, and others at Dieppe. The copy of the despatch has three tables annexed, in which the tariff of brokerag dues on goods, on marine dues of marine insurancs brokers at Dieppe, and of maritime brokerage dues in the port of Dieppe are set out. On the sale of vessels 4 por cent upon the amountrealizedby the sale, payable one half by the buyer and one half by the seller, in case no other agreement bemaade. A vessel, having left port and beingforced to put back, will be exempt from all brokerage, If the due or chrtering he paid on the entire cargo no remuneration Deed be paid on account of the chasrge of the vessel until her departure. The brokerage dues upon loading ships cannot helees than the duties paid by the same veasel3 in ballast. ADMIRALTY, SpT. 18. The following promotions, dated the 10th Inst., have. this da[ y teken place consequent on the death, on the 9th Inst., of Vice-Admiral Charles Sibthorp John Hawtayne Vle.A.dmjrj of the Wh1ited the Ho. William Goid3o to bh, Vlce- Admuraio~~~~~ the lied.h Re V-rAdmirsl of the bBlue to Bhi on. Pir Maurice torbdo ok Atdmal Borfeet , Ku .B., to be Vlce-AdmIrtl or he White. Eetz.Ai.GeuOoatentineRichard Ifoqnsom, res-AdinlraI tbe Bleht. Elon. Geotge Ja,aei, Ze ot BIoeni, Esar-mnris 8ir Georce Lugustns WeeSphal On the Reser RattiyUi to be Vcoi dmira1 On the Re ReoAmIsft he Bed PrvorWillam Par Wls t be Vice. RtearAdmirat of the White Bir M1chael eymour, iL0.B., to be Re.r-Admirsl ot the Red. Itesr-&dmfr or the Bloe Thomasrn atm A to be SeR' Admisalof the White.We air .. o0 be BAdmdralsh onttDo ]recAe~d EL1.pay Lis. Ow. Jobh Jerris Tacker to De Rear-Amiral of the Blue. The umdermentioned Officers on the Betired LIst havo been promoted to be Retired Rear.Adrnirals, on the term, proposed in the London Gazete of the 1st of September, :846. without inerea f of * WAR-OFFICE, SEPT. 18. lth EM ent of Fool.-Major-Ge,. Bir Richard Dohety to be Col., vice ut..Gert Wlliam George Coebhane, dmeeed. It Reliment of Dmraoon Guarda.-The Christian name ot Riding. InsaterNOILke,appointed from the Military Train, ou the 15th of Auguat 1857, ia Mm' nid," and not " Mattland," as previously 3d Dragoon Guars-le commimion of Lient- A. Neace to ho Capt. without wurchase, tis Ptated In the "Gazette" ot the 31st or July.S57, t-o bea daet4hte ue 1857,adO non tee S5th of Jue 87 asou preiou:l CetolFed.The promol,tion, bhe 62urllooe, to Lin,H.A em] rvn te d totho8t Light Daon,o h.2tho Agst, 87 I soeld outh ncba8; apt W MlddraroDeleto t ,b Maorh oro, bypucae Majr A W.D. anr; hGr(ton.foha.synatce, to he Major,p7th Dragoon Guard, tho be Ct hlen 0 tW. r pWat o to he Capto., ulthoutpsssrcbase; CiptW. e iddlehrn to be Capto, 1ithostD Mahore A.eW. D. Bartoni . Drowdelfa untoaheCdt, toby pujrcs, v j Cddlthooe Coome T. Batomeob i dLLe Dtta pre,e,oitea F 1% ~ ~ ~~ b Capt, LiDO> withouton; Com eut W. Doy en,tkeort to be Liut. without pVe-l Grehm,fo SoIth F.;h Dragooswe to bi z t, by urhout vice cha vcsrie Blinniorn- Lleut, G. R. Caldwell, frotm the Sbllttry Train, tohe LeLieunstleLt. uj,ward H En aerom the uth the l3ai Light Dragoon, to be Lieut.. ; Cornet William Brute ArmBtrong, from the 4th Dra,,n GTa dL. to be LAeut. with t Rurchase; Cornet Jamos John Lordon *tAdrm. froeth- 10th Light Dao..o be Cornrts AsLlst.Sarg. Edward hi11l, t., from the SMAtc r s AaslTtrnrg. WS. Dragoons.v Lieut. Ce.11 Freeric Holder, from the lnd Foot, to be Limit., pa~ing the difference,trice fiall, who~ exchange r,osieleln the differnce ; As,slat.-ttur g. Spenoer Boyd Glbb. M.D.fIrum the dtaff, to be Asalst,-Serg., rice Sherlock, aPPointed to the Sth IAght DFo- 4th Light Dragoonm-Aiexander Fair Jont gent., to be Cornet, by purchacs, liec Bergiswn, plromotedi 7th Light Br gooc-Quartermseter Gooe EiUott. balc-py 1"t Ught Infantry Regimeont trtish German Logio, to he Faymaeteru vite Gregg, to hser to bshalf-pay as Paylnater of a Dpor Battallion. 8th Light Dragoons.-Major W. Winmer, from the i4th Light Dra. goo,E to be Llet.-CoL., without PurchaseI Capt. and Breve utalor Georg. Chetwode to he ajobr. Without purchase; Lout. Riobert pooo h;Let LA Ee,from hafpa9th L4ght Dragoons, to be Capt LutCI,.,,e 0. Capt.. without purchase.Aard oott To be LIEUTghAN7, without purchase. COrDet ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ nif to beShDl T;C T I Cornet p a C.erho rie Pooret. Cornet A le. xandrM t ep s Cornet HCan. HB. uourtho. Liout, Promote eins,fo the 17h ?h ragoounsTrain.,Jb ed ob Surg. eLit g. GeorygeShrl.tok, from fEro DragBon, to be M ri st,Bhusr, vire Wilmherg, arpo inted to the sth ot. os Gordi t.-or Tbhomas edt , w en.o , from the asi , to be GAi- 18th Light Dragoons-MrevtJ L.iR H.oh R FroS fr to be C Dpt.wCorne ctAlxnderMorrg to J hu PbrchLie. wipthou purce v vtoiutpFrench ; Cpe. Hon. . Powy. tohebeajor withou ucas,rt tboeStf, prmtedi the 17thr:g Light RsDragroo; ueterohlHa to be SM Po Capt. r e iott,Sro without purchase,.w Cotight H.apns.l,C T oice . T , a aloor Major. ithout, pt 1hoeOat, vice Whiner, p:jrood in N h,erB *th Lighrt Draoons; LiDent *2Ut Gor.on toebe am it prhse, ie tall. 1C7hLasigt DHun.C r J. H. H. Rose,tfrome tis Light IL iOU a- :=icu toteLieut ..fol,, withot purcgvvhase; Caept.g4 and Bpmchalse,.l ehrW.Moe rrev, et -ol be Major without purha 3se; Capt.O Sir C H.Leth, hareoW^t. rmbl-cey 17th LIght Diaoe one, Leto be Capt CAetO . e C. Lope , from half-hay 17th Ligh Drae Stns to be Capt.; Lieu; T. Talor to be Coept., vithout purchase, lice oRris; Capstl Ligni.J Henr CBaring to beLCept., it-prhase, licebu B oernrBworace- tiRes gient. H. A. Sf rom t rbthbe Llehtr.aoo, tote Capt. wirthC.dse L B. Hto . to beLT witohot pulrchase.r Comne H. toobehag, r iceDoce Ty r, t oe l tth Foot.-Qsarterm ast'z?Flerxt GdieD5otrgevuttd Henry Walk er tob Lur 17th Voot.-Arthm She 19nthgeutt to bo Eni, ricen Byoa'rchase, traus Cor rDneth 82. Clchrn.l si e c hma a lorHen, pro .Cotne.d Cret C.DH. Wiap nd r,die.outh. s eOnLlent.-rol Hn P. Treeve; sl. wFoot-u Gre Carrlet Glory,fromtn Bor to be Llt,vithoutt. 3d.legice of FoAt.-Hecg. Andrldew st.h aorteoi y. Masterot ihe Staf ts t ooe be zr,Pam etter. e tS Am,oit.r, o bre Srerice Docter, the e8ih to tho uotst.Suto 2dt Foot.-T.apt. Jon orger.uerIt george r y halker 21st FoobeQar termsnterarice.rhoes, easred.leut Roal brmu O e prbse vic y er tnvren?, appoJuted lthoute puthsc IAlht Drguge L. J u th woot.-Atohbr,, a ostonu gent., to be Ensign, by purdbuaCe, s 93th Poot.-MaLor au d BrevettLe. CoL retr . S.e to be tient.- Gui..twithout nrechve e. . C.t JbtiBorrow to e Major, without vur- cbnere vice Cate,Ll;u Aaio..nr. Andrew atohbr CPoec, riDbou farom e thce Staff, to b sit.: r. viceu Ryallo Bret1to tei Llto. Sthe8th Foot AssstBurg.d FreSerick Ffl llastts, from the Staff to be Aelst.-Sur. cbaedee lriZ.4n Broote: Llet. nrdlae rord WLet Joh 21st Finoot. ha Capt., Joh Gorge mag, from hal-py 1s Bot t Goth , vi5desruetsioj orffic er.s w hvoe Libreveut r Beena converted into ntstantive ran}, n udendher Royal Warrnt,d Oactor6n; B eveWafaiorJohn Cormick ISoe Bracke 251 FootM-a-jor A WoH . Irgy to be ligen Feol.o. , lStho-t prcpthJe lic G,eorzou, he jlnrd to lS t pLotbtragoIyL, R.th S. Nfoao- t biel Ohart-?tgent. huerEnsign Di-kerchass, in C. L. B. Halto L t0 heent. Alr it whortires. ioe;,I,vo retie r3Jh FoottCC f ?ttrd th St ff L towbe ito be SajOrv, ihout pr chae.d vic u,e Bree irsut. .o1. W. .s., kiled S tni-tittes Listff-J,ohn Brthoiltd t-o tCa. w7thout Arha1t. riSug Geogowe S amel Bernard fraom tohe Ctff ipe r-',h sst puge.o iettrne iISi cin Col.uBrch C. vicl t H.oL ienap dio w i othou purhn dcvIEn-s tt ber lst,- EnrIgn " oC the 1rth beoLt.t b ithviz *-rchaso,c bracken burykiltei a2ciFon. - 3C &;elled : uteaster be Wlr, from ~~~~~ Depot UBDtt hml£-. te bep Q9iht Foot,r Flaort Ee,ry-RajbrA T. e rbo, gent' tob beLucol.,withoutUrehn,e vcapt W. H?. D-it.ro dl,'of b Mjor witnhort pre%ad , Heriy ry Lib,Tete, Bet toS.etobe Cany, nithout purchase, ricbe D,n aumntat sign C.L 1.t Hsom'lEu to Oberles Htnr w Blos, eaurchase. iceut.son Atlth.u ! itototvdcto stale 7t1s boot; Aswslct.-S tog Geore samul Sir C.de, furomeio, the Stff disen -nrt , ede 6itI FbeL-eur Lnaouaiete Phli, roment., t be Ens, tobethut. TircoeC.P.vicler,. who excanger.didowun-Enr ltrferfro tho 4Fot.-sito cassrChedQarteyertusastMer Thoma Waker,ite tocerWsiH. haisy co die,l o..i oni;ri,Her lhrlree gent., .S eatMJo lbsr ad.o to be Ensign, without ucae nth umnain purchasle, vicey Crzckeuc, promoted. rice C FoD.Tholder,oond rrhanti -n aeofFsgsbr.o,p motod ho Pur1chase can the 28th of AngWm, is Buxton, and not Buxton. asprevliously stated, 825 Foot.-Lient. Georgel Hubert Parker tos be Capt., by purchace, vice Inverari ty. who retires , Lieut. C. JR. H.Bodford hiss boon superseded, being absent without lea,ve: Enin arnc oihDr a been permitted to oresign his comm kg lon, e wthDca a 94th Foot. - Major H. tl. Buller, to he T.leut.-CoL, without Durchsae C&PLt S. Ly,ter, to be Major, wilthout purchase, lies Huler ; LiloutJ. Buthartin, to be Capt., without Pusrchase, vice Lyster; Ensign C. r. Paley, to he tieout., itbont purcsas., vlic Be bocian:t Assist-Burg. James Greig leaak, ALK, from the Staff, to be Asaist.-Surg. 98thFooLMajo andBrevt Co. Mery Btes. to be Liestt.-Cslo, witoutpurhas: tpt 140. . Sapyton the Mojor, without ParviceStaylln; Easego inesosiBretlo e Lent,,without purchase. Rifle Brigade.-Bravet-Major C. V. Oxesiden to be Maj by norchat,.vice )tlrlnvon. s, romoted : Lemt. Lew-d BwardWils Pet.1 ham Clintonk to be Capt., by purchase, lire Oxeodas. UNATTACH.ED. The unodermenttioued officers to ht-ve k]oeir b-evet rankc converted into substantive rnk~ under tlte Royrtl warrat, Octbobr 6, 1854 - Brevet-Major John Cormltkr, ltOilFoot. BrvtMjr Athony WiUlslIam mnuel Preamasy Armstrong, 18tbh Bteyet-Major Georgo Neeld Bolderot SW t oot. HODSPITAL, STA?K- LInspetor-Gen. of Hospitals, with locg an tk, Charles Mac!eoau. M.D., to be Inspector-Clan. of Hos8ltuls. Deputy Inepeotor-Gon of Hospitals Wilim BeDl, M.D., to be InIlpector-Geo). of Hosp*a)s.s with local raytk, vice Maclean, who retsre sip- balf-pa. Slaff-Surc. of tho First Class JaM"s Guy Fima. Moorns,from bhalf. pay, to be Staff -linag. ofto theBFsfftSClass. B3REVET. Capt, the Hlon. W. S. Bernard, 17th LIght Dragoons, h e Major In the Army. Xa',or the Hon. W. S. Bernard, 17th LIght Dragooins,to be Liout.- COL, tn the army. 7T2be madermentioned protmotions whicth appeared itt the *~Garette" of the 17th of July-viz. - C,ene,tOLH. A. Uaukey, from half-pay unattached. to be Major. Brevt4Att..al, II'am Long, uipon balf-Dey as Capt. Oth Foot, tob toColonel-, IMiijor John' Ward. uponhyllf-pay usis.atacbell, to be LieUtenaItColonel; Capt. Willigam Seady, upon haltalsayunattached, StalOff rer Of teaces o be Siojr. Itrhich worn stetod tQ ho ilk tsccessior, to General Sir C. B. E"orlon, who tiled (an the 8th of July, anid dated July 9 , wilbe in successien ti lj;~Gn S4i Hory 'W. BarnWi", EhB. who died on the 6th of Jul,nd wll bow date Of tbe deth ofe a Bux 0. B. Egertn, G.C.M... ea t1X GBreet-CoL Jobn Campbell, from halp-pa . t'abeC to be Major. Bsevet-L et. Co MelIlWe Dlyell, upoe ha pay Majo natrm9 MaJrot }Henr)r [miltOD, 78th Poot, to be Ideuteahut ColoneL CA t Cahs -)r F. Hervey, upon halpay unattached, gias OffoC Of rpenioers k. Os Aj r. The following promotions to take ple oonsequ t o- the death of Lieut.-Gen. Henry Balnearib, C.I.G,, on the 16th of July, 1857:- Brevet2oto. Plomer Young, from half-py u nttaohed, to be KajorGeneraL Lieuml-Col. John Birtwhlstle, upon half-py unattabod, bo be. "jorz Thomma Paunce, St. Helena Regdmeut, to be I, h tenat. CapUtai Riohari S. O'Brien, half-pay, 36th loot, andt S if-Offioer ot Pevaloners, to be X.jor. The following promotiorns to take place eonreqcent upoDi the death of Lieut.-Gen. W. 0. Cochrane on the 4th ot September:- Rrevet-Col Henry DvO Toawnshend, from a De;ak Bttalion, to be Major-General. Brevet-Liout.-Col. William P9mier, half.pay as Major xmiataced to be COIoneL r Major Gtorge Dcmford, 70th tFoo4, to be leut.Oolonel. Capt Charles X. P. Gordon, 75th Foot to be iajor. The following promotions to take plae consequent ulOpo the death of Lieut.-General G. A. Henderson. on the 7th or Beptember - CoL Thom" Wrigbt C.R., from half-pay unattached, to be MWjor General. lBet-Ueut..oL Jams Alpo, upon half-pay unttacheld to be Colonel. Maor Coun Campbel Xclntire, 78th Foot, to be Lleut.-CoL CapL. GogilMho Petit, Hoia MIalta Joneiblee, to have the Iocal aid temporary rank of M&jwr. anp tiffO berot Frederick Middleuore, upon Ilsa-py ulniattecbe& The following promotion to take place conseqnent upon the death of the undermentioued offios *- atu.Gn ir william Lewis Herr'... a.B. on 3d June, 181 eit..GenH Balnon O..L., ona eth dW, 8657; Lleut.-G. WUlIIO4D c) e,baD oD 4th September, 1857;- 3ojor-Gen. K. Wodahonse, COt of the 3d Foot, to be l4 intenant. GeneraL. The undermentioned officers to have the local rank of Major-General In the East Indiee Breroet-olS. J. COtUOn, 10th oot. revetCo John Michel, C. B a bll-p 98th TooL Brevet-ColL Heart Haelock, C.B. Unataclhed<, Adjt,-Got to th Forota in the BRat Indies. Memorandut. Major-Gem Peter Dudgeon. hl-pay wmattache, I .rr al'. lowed to rotlre from the srice by the sale of a majority. ADUMRALTY, SBPT. 15. Frat I&eu.1 nolJw =m Thooma to be Adit., Tice Parry, pro. moted. COMMTSSIONS SIgned by the Los.D-LxicumsANr - of ti County of Ox2OXrOD. Jueen's Own Oxfordahire VeomanryCa ry.-Lsut.-Col. Francls orge. Baro Chuoill to be lsu t,r-O dangvce the Duhk or Mazlborougb, deceased. Oxfordshir e t-I FAwxrd = stuart Colo to bRd Captd.Tics the Hon. Percy Barrington ; etlme O1get -- pent., to be Ensign vice Charles Jameg Garghn. p%mmoted ; 3tUi_ Engand, gent., to be Ensig, Tooe Henry AtUns Bo wyn rtred. By the LosD-LDrmEn;ANT of tbo Wet Biding of the Counts of Ye0r and Of the City ad Oounty of the aty ot YouEr. West York Rid- Regiment of llta-Lleu. Richard lCklethwsat to be Capt., vice Freeman, resigned ;Rag oL AbtEt ob Lieut., oo Ooles re dgJeo ert Rei to he Thefolowig oilors averesgne th eamIlnons held b,1 themA im the rth Reglmeot of West York Militia Capt. Chrisoper Speoner Br2erey. Lient. GarbTeti 8tae Catty. Enig Willa Trencl Bridges. By the Lono-L=rurx-As-r of tbe County of MWDLBegr. lst or Royal R1 t Niddlex Regimue t of Millita-Richardl Ela pnt., tobe Ecelgn vice Fraser, deoeaed; Tom Baker, gent., to he sign, veo Puimmer. promoted. Dth or Royal Elshorce lEght Iufantry Reniment of Mlddless Mlitl.-Jamee Wentworth ookney, gent., to be Lleut., vice Ho%. Promoted. PAETSNE MIPS DIESOLVKD. S. M4arks and Co.. Long-scor, sosclc bollders.-A. Amnoge sod W.. Thon ,tin, our dalerL-G. EL W'Ils and 3. B. Trao. Soden, jun., and E. Bnteber, MIddle Berton, flrordl,le.nuceryen..Haunt and Co., Surre;y Colour-works. amon's place, Waterleoo-ead satin white manuuacturems-.Wsiot and ony Rlakbon, raseri.-J. T. Elackhurst and COD.Preston. _ottoeploers;as fr asregards W. Rodgott.-flrrwoo and Merah Shefleld,oloc m' tol for t.crerr.-Hann and Inerans, Leeds,; rapmanfos.ses,J.and A Baker. Steyning, Soaer groomr,Butcer ed fler,Ware, Htrtfordabire, surgeons.-Mellor And Spines, Hodslerfleldrroer-W. laidett. gm, and3W. Lcleti, nn. Old cut-ee4 ay osmesne.-W. and R. Bisorok, ]EIlperton,Witshire erienscre.J. and B. CasberPortnmout, wlemor. Oh b-d. hl.bolsn and T. Coha.-C. Calm and 3. Bulbeet, jun. BAN KtUPTCY AXN!qLLED. Thoms Harrison, Harrietehac uand Haidestone coal merchant. BANKRUPTS Wiliam Bucks Webster, (;hlpi z-OgArEssex,com enevbact,. to sunynder S3ept.30. at I1 oloboc', or. 4, at 2, at the BankrupWe~ Court. sohaLolor. Mr. Dinfield, King WMIIAns-utre-et and Chelmafordl oca6 asignee, Mr Graham. Thomasoratwict. Caczaboreml-gyen. ebeseemonger. Sept. 30, at 13 o'clock. Nor. 4. at 2, at the Rankrupts' Court: solIcItor, Mr,. Peok. ibam, voejesnt;lnl jeetwatreee of cialasgnee Mr. StaeafoL Charles Brown, Bl ormerbam. bnotdser. Best. 28, oct. 19. at hafpart 0o'clock, at the Biimingham Ditrct Onurt of Banlaue3 Blcirmlghm Mr lls, Birmintham ;ofBicial signee,L-Z. Whitotmer Thomas Wbeeler, jVn, Vowohurob, Herefordshire, ra.r. Oct. I and 22, at balf-past 1 o1clock. St the Bumlngham Dstriot Cou of Bankruptcy: soldtors, Mr. frtthsrdd, Heretord. Mr 8nt, Blr miogham ; official asigoneoe Ir Christle. Blrminghear James Newmani. Long hutton, ltncolnanirs, bookseller, ep. 1, Oct. 27. at half-ptat 10 o'clock, at the BirmiGgham Ditrict Court of BsDeuptcy, Nottlngbano snrLcitor, Mr. Coops, Nottingham ; oficaL a slgiie. - Mr. arris. Nottngham. Charles WeLlab, Wells. Somersetehumo,innkreeper, Sept.29, Nor. 3, at 11 o'clock, at the Bristol Dlttrict Court of 5ankxruptcy: solictor, brr. Robins, WSfels: official arstcnea, hfr. Acramau, Bristol. Gerge Bomacn, ChlnpehambWntahire, cordwainer SeDt. 29, NOY. 3, at 11 O'clock, L" the Ereol District CoDurt of Ba&krnptoy: sollcitor. Mr. Salmon, Brtol- .offca asigne Mr. Miller. BrstoL. Alexander Martchil and Jo2n. 'Kean, Hndlerdield. woollen oerchants, Oct. and 23, at 11 o'cloct at theLoeds Ditrict Oourt eC Bankruptcy: oUbcitors Mr. Sykes, iruddecefeld; Meear Cr an&t Cudworth Leeds: o ial asDgnee, Air. Young. Leedg Darnel Dutton, LiverpooL gro,er, Oct. l and 22, at il o'olock. at tbe Liverpool District Court of Bankruptny : sollcitors, Meeast. iao end Ben. liveroool; offical eW lnee, M. !r. Turner, 14verpooL John Lloyd. Llandderf-L Merlonethxhlre cattle saesman , Oct. and 22, at It o'clock, at the LiTerponl DistriODCurt oliankruo'y: olicftor Messrs. ant and eam, Lverpool; offidcal assiguee, Mr Bird, Liverisool. Thbomas Frear Mauebester. draper, Sept. 28, Oct. 23, at 12 o'clock. at the Mechester DtrSct Court of Banuleeptiy: sodcito. Messrs. Law.- .nre, Smith mnid Fawdon, Bread-street, CheapaideN and Mea-Za. Sale. Worthington, and Shlpman, Manchester; oflinisi caagnce, la. Ft-acer, Manchester.ckLrt d 3 James M'Csrtney, Sooth Shields, provision mo cbant OcL " Nove mber 11, at half-past 11 o'clook, at the Ne'ev C3.n0 UOnA'znc Din trSct Court ot Bankruptcy: soheito3re Mesrs SUdlow endOs,Bedford-row,. and M osrs Had,e and MarIe, Newactle-opon-Ty3e;* official arsignee. Mlr. Bakrs, hewrcetle-DDon-TrDe. DIVlDENDS. Oct. 1 J. Eatemen. Southampton-buldings, agent.-Oct. 10, W. Srce. inn., nud BA. Rag, Eldon-street, FiaVsbUry. .nd Daaning'.a alley, lilsbop'gss-treet. cabinet makers-Oct. 9, A HtoldAen, Buy Lancoshler. paper meuufactu,er.-Oct. I, It. ,Adamsr Ll*erp9ool neceahanl.-Ort. 15. J. DanceD and H. Wane, Farford5, Glocestershire,pa CXRTIFICATES to be grantod, unls tas be shownt b theoa tary on the day of moeitng. Oct 9, G. 11. IloolIs. Portland-place. Wsndsort.h-road, crtgngher.- Oct.,J. J. Dale. Sourhwr--brdderoad, shoe cmantfactiurr.-Oot. 14, T. Chetausa', Chiutham and Sheerness, coal sucrobaDnt.--lar 9. Di. A. Singer, Ors,rdst-et. inllsr-Ot. 23, H. ThopsnD.-4 LIstwOObrk. GAlocesteahlbre, Innkeeper-;oT 3,s W. Beynolds. PontypcLdd. Glamor. ghtenlle drsper-r.Oct. 9, T C. M1KAy and 3, llt'iay. sun,, ^N°owsi. UpOn-7'yDO, hoslers.Os 13, W. W,inning. WLrkewr,oh, Derbshr. smallwas- manufacotrer. SOOA^('H SltQtTSATIONS. C. Paterson, Boehoad. neiar T;irkintilloch. Dnmborrissbbre, farer, Sep^2 ,At 2 o'clock. at thre El e:bant Artss HAoteL. Dr.uetn. nJ i. )^gowvan, Gilagow. engineer, Sept. 2S, at 1 o'clock, at the Quetea'T rW. Craig. Gla'gowr, en*uneer, Sept. 2B, at 12 o'clock, at the Globe HoteL Glasgow. v, Ha'S to, Dundee, chi p broker, Sept, 26, ^t 12 o'clocl, at the RToyal Hyotel, Dundee TiT CORN' AVHRAG1s. Qenera Weekly AveragAe received L^ thrwee elnDdedS Scot 19 lSiT The AntgB rioe of Brown or ?iueooado Suga, oDmpue from the returns made in the week edicng theo I6ti of Repteruber, exchuize of Cnecun' dtle pad o paabl threo onthe kLoportatlon thereoi tub Great Bntaln. a.~~ d. FrO D teh Britich poew+onbo in Amerca .. 35 1~prct Fronn the h lanritlus .. . 27 ]I- 3~o etnn be ben ode f te tle f Bownor ?dnaseoado 5ngar. The asrerge price of the two for kegoing deecriptou o na jointlS. ooinpntsM as above, and exelasiee or doty, Is Sha side p,er cwi 13y authority of Lr Gi oent-. Hana rmcec. Clerk of the Groeurs' Oowpaoy. Groomt'-b&II Sept.1.
WATER ON BOARD SHIP. a TO THE EDITOR OF TEL TDIES. Sir,-I have read with extremo regret the extract from. tbe 2dbo1urnc A rons respecting the short sunply o water on board the ship War Spirit, chartered by hie Amlea Baines and Co. for the Voyage from Liverpool to I(elbourne. I bhave h-owise read messm Baines and oo.'s letter of comment in 27ic Tirxns of to-day. By the Paseger Act of 1I55 it is enacted that thers shell be p e on board every passenger ship, for the use of each PIzresger, three quarts of water per day for 140G ayr, providea the ship be going to any of the Australi o]niethAustralia hat, in addition, t bshipped an alloano for cooking parposes r the rate of* galloSs per day, for 14edays, for.everyl 1.00 statue adults on board. In London, ao pssenger-hip it, a116wed to clear at the Custom-house, nnileas the. emigration offiers have furnishled a eestificate that tha presoribei& legal quantity of water as garaneed by a duly pointed gauger is on board tbo vesseL Of co,. the same practice Is adoptd .t E3verpool, and sE Baines and Co. ean set the whole . matter at rest most sitisfactorily to themselvas and friends by publib init in yonr paper a copy of tbA gangeres certificato of the number of gallons of water zeally ou board tho vessel, and l-. tracts from the legpl pmenger llt and ship3 artiles of tli War Spirit, sborag tla number of adults on boa7id. Thee& impartial documents Wll set the matter at <-s,et, any person versed in. the rule of rmultipUcation wrill then be in a postlion hto sapis himself uipon the sub]oct. A strong fee s ng up with reard to thi case of tho War Spirit, wvhic, the pubdltion of the above legal returns WvL alone allay. I enelos'~ niJ card, and, apologirng for thus troublinz yon, - I remain. Sir. Tur obedient - ervat. - AV AUATRATLTAN fl1TA1'I'WA Lon4.Aon, Sept. 1 SoosE1m srr COT7rY ELerIomqs.-The a7tdito A PO .ont of the e)ection expenses incured bYr. C. A. Yioody and Mr. W. 11. P. Goro Langton, the sittlng me2nm 'o.CS for toe western division of the cotnty of Somersot, shtows th3t 79?, lOs. wsa expended by the formew a&& $81. 2& 6d. by Air. LaDgton. In the eastern division th^ total expenses of Mr. Miles are set down at1557 So. 96, a tbe: e of 'Jr. Knatehbull at 14. 7et
LONDON, SATUZRDAY, SPTE&fBBS& 19, 185i7. in one eonspicuous feature this lamentable Indian atory is true to all the military predent, of this country. As fast as the spread of the Mutiny has brought station after station unader notice there presents itself the invariable image of uOW;8 " old English gentleman," who would, to say -the east, be very much more in his place where iwe\ususlly imagine that character. He is generally found passing about in a state of distracted helpless. mae, listening first to one rumour, then to another; accepting dilatory ple4a from the Commisariat, the doctors, the engineers, the regimental officers, Native as well as European. He has to protect a nIumber of women and children-to guard a treasury or a gaol-to relieve some outlying station or fort-to ascertain in time, yet not precipitately, the intention of the wavering Sepoys-to hold his poaition or to march-to lose no time, yet not stake his all on one desperate chance. What he has to do and the choice he has to make between objects each paramount, yet incompatible, require not only all the wisdom and courage, but the concentration and decision, of youthful manhood. There is not' a man in this country who may not be very thankful to be spared such a trial. One wonders to hear that men can sleep, sit down to dinner, and write gossiping letters with such a weight of responsibility and in such an atmospherG of treason. We had omitted that there are instructions to be obeyed,and disregarded, if necessary. Some will add " public, opinion " to these difficulties. True, there is, and always has been, public opinion, in one shape or another. But this res drac' and regni noritas which the poet places on the; shoulders of an enterpri6ing young Queen, and on' which she excused herself for her vigorous precautionary measures, in the present instance! falls to the lot of elderly gentlemen in cormand of stations, who never yet had an independent command under circumstances of the least difficulty. They are most respeotable men, with much quiet experience, and much inert weight. So long as everybody is true to them they are true to themselves. They are not devoid of a passive sort of courags and a leisurely mode of action. Indeed, speaking from private accounts, these old gentlemen take things more cooly than their juniors; and can temporize, adopt half or; quarter measures, and ove-n emuse themselves, when younger men are ftc. : and finning, and anxiousto cutthe knot and be doing one thing or another. By and by there is a rush; there is firing; there are confusion and darkness; there is a fearful conflict, or a hideous massacre; a long desultory escape; a burning march at the head of an ill packed army; a desperate siege; a sudden combination of the greatest trials that can assail this poor body, brain, heart, and soul. In a few days, or a few hour-s, as the case may be, the elderly gentleman has disappeared. A merciful shot, a general sinking of nature, or, still more frequently, the Commander-in-Chief, puts him out of his misery. There have been, we think, at least three instances in which this latter mode of extinction has become necessary. But why was not the necessity acted upon before it had been proved at the cost of a lost fort or garrison and hundreds of lives? The complaWit has often been made; for the truth is, England does not like the invariable custom of beginning war with one compaign at least of old men and old blunders. The usual answer has been, that it is necessary to fight our way down the Army List, and at some point or other PRoviDnEc will raise up a General. Even in ordinary war it is not pleasant to throw thousands of lives and miClons of treasure into the first year, just as we should so much concrete or so much rabbish into the foundation of an edifice. But the national custom has cost us something more in India. In this case there hung upon the issue, and there called for immediate action, the lives of thousands not only of soldiers, but of men of peace; of women and cbildren; of those who but last year were at our own firesides; of faithful native servants and pious Christian converts-thousands of lives as precious as could anywhere be found in one cause and one name. It was rather hard that all these should be staked on the national usage. They had not reckoned upon it. War is unfortunately a regular condition of human affairs. We have our Armies and Navies, our War-office, and our Admiralty. But a massacre, and such a massacre, to us Englih people, is a prodigy, a horror, a thing we cannot bear to think of, and would even now shut our eyes to, if it had not taken firm possession of our innermost senses, and written its fearful legend on the heart itself. How much of England is to be at the mercy of old men? Old men in the Senate, old men in quiet offices ten thousand miles from blood and fire, are another affair. But how long is it necessary that the cause of England and all she holds dear shall depend on the vigour, promptitude, and sagacity of old men, in presence of armed foes or treacherous friends? Now, it seems to us that on this point the history of the Indian Mutiny so far tallies with that of aU our recent wars, in prescribing at least one lesson upon us. Whatever system of promotion we choose to adopt, whatever principle, or combination of principles, it must not be such that on the outbreak of war, or other more fearful disasters, we find ourselves tied and bound to a sort of easy, comfortable, vacillating old gentleman with much experience of peace, but not so well practised in the fell work of war. We are told, indeed, that any principle ever likely to be adopted in this country will give us old gentlemen ;-the traditional old gentlemen of the dramatist, the artist, and the historian, who haunt courts, frequent the ante-rooms of Mlinisters, and the levees of Commanders-in-Chief. We shall have them by seniority; we shall have them by purchase ; we shall have them by favour ; we shall have them by merit. They have money and can buy; they are connected with noble families; they will get into the House of Commons; theyI talk themselves into distinction; they are favourites in society ; of course, they have expe- rience ; they can tell stories without end of! the last war and the heroes of a gone-by age; they are more genial than the children of this iron, doctrinal, experimental generation. On any rule whatever, it is said we must have old gentlemen, and those old gentlemen will be jolly old fellows, rather pursy, perhaps, not qulite so active as they were once, and taking their time about things. It is added that, taking them all in all, they are as good as young men; perhaps more to be depended upon; at least more likely to die, and so to get us out of the difficulty if they are unequal to their position. We do, however, humbly submit that it is something to establish a negative rule, and so do some- thing towards " exhausting" the problem. As we' would be preserved frora a repetition of this, and even greater calamities, we must not have positions of command occupied by men manifestly too old' for decision and enterprije,-for those mental anxieties and ph-yical hardships certain to arrive in the event of war. If there is no war, it is argued that anybody will do; and it is impossible not to Ruspect that there are septuagenarian soldiers and sailors who do not reckon on war when they ask for employment. But, if we are to have soldiers and sailors at aD, it maust be for war, and accordingly it is to war, and not to peace, that they must be adapted. Now, w e canlot se how the simple rule of seniority can do anything else than fill the higher rankm of the service with old i or elderly men, and so leave Government nothing hut antiquated material to choose from. No doubt, fhe rule of purchame has a tendency to keep merit out of notice and opportunity; but it cannot have so uniformly kept down youth and youthful qualities as the rule of seniority itelf. As for the rule of merit, till some new test be discovered, or a race of statesmen can be found capable of telling a gentleman to his face that he is a fool or a sot, or, worse still, that he is too old for work, and Bufficiently respected to do so with impunity, we feel it is only a platitude to urge it as the rule of prornotio:a At all events, we revert to the negative caution justly inspired by what we zee in India. Beware of old men in your Meeruts and Dinapores aLd Allahabadc; and it stands to reason that, whatever the evils of the purchase system, it cannot do so much to clog the Army Ist with old men as the rule of seniority.
A letter which we yesterday published from a very competent writer opened two of the most important questions with which, after the sauppression of the present mutinies, the Government of India will be engaged. It will devolve upon oar Administration first to organize on some innocuous model the Native auxiliaries, with which it is impossible that we should altogether dispense; and next to establish and proclaim some decided policy as respects the relations to be maintained between the supreme power and the religious institution in our Eastern Empire. The first of these inquirie3 we reaerve for a separate discussion; to the second we now earnestly invite the attention of our readers, for it is hardly possible that any question should concern us, either as conquerors or Christians, more nearly than this. When the Mahomedans subjugated Indif thley exemplified the known genius of their creed by establishing their own religion in open and actir' predominance. It was only the other day i. we printed a species of political circular.,C to have been current in some parta of q-utht India, which representd Queer. .' uomA as taking blame to herself for not having made as many cmverts in a century asTiPpoo SulXTA would haye roade in a month. We do not concern ourselves about the authenticity of this document, but it was evidence, at any rato, that Rindoos remember how Mahomedanism was propagated by, the strong arm of the Government and by the aword of power. Our own policy, based, perhaps, less on any deliberate resolutions than on the dictates of actual circumstances, has hitherto assumed an entirely different com-a plexion. Not only has proselytism been never attempted by authority, but a kind of deference has been shown to the Eindoo creed, and sentiments somewhat more favourable than those of simple neutrality were almost industriously obtruded on the attention of the natives as embodying the views of (lovernment. We embraced every opportunity of disclaiming anything like intervention in such matters; we abstained for a long time from exerting our paramount authority in the suppression even of cruel and abominable usages; and we went so far as to contribute the actual support of the State to institutions promoting false doctrines and idolatry. Our adoption of this course, too, was hardly susceptible of more than one interpretation. We appeared to be bartering our convictions for the convenience of Government. What we could do if we chose to put out our strength might be another thing, butit seemed evident that for the sake of an easy tenure of dominion and economical facilities of administration we were willing to waive some of our prerogatives as Christian governors. Since the late insurrection, however, it has been questioned whether this policy was either so becoming as it should have been, or even so worldlywise as it was thought; and arguments hbve been advanced to prove that it would be better to conduct ourselves for the future in matters of religion with less indifference and more dignity. This expression of opinion has alarmed our intelligent correspondent, and he addresses us, under the signature of " P.," in deprecation of a policy which, according to his views, would alienate the population as well as the Sepoys of India from our rule, and render impracticable that Native ce-operation to which the conditions of our dominion, even after the entire reestablishment of our supremacy, will compel us to look forward. If we adopt these ideas, he says, we shall infallibly be exposing our countrymen anew to the risks of conspiracy and revolt. Englishmen must necessarily live isolated among the Natives, and unless the good will of the Natives can be effectually conciliated by a firm assurance on these points our position will never be secure. The first reflection suggesting itself on these remarks is, that upon the essential principles and general bearings of the question all par,ties are at one. We all desire that our rule in the East should be characterized by tranquiUity and security, and, what is more, all would promptly concur in repudiating anything like an idea of compulsory conversion. Proselytism by violence is utterly oppo-ed not only to the notions of Englishmen but the genius of Christianity. There cannot be. in these islands any single preacher or teacher, however enthusiastic, who would desire to see either menace or seduction employed by the Government of India for the sake of turning Mussulmans or Hindoos into Christians. The only question at issue is what attitude on our part would be most beseeming our position as Christian rulers, and rmost conducive in the long run to the welfare of our dependency. Now, if to this inquiry it is replied that we had better go on as before, it is impossible to escape the retort that such a course has not answered its end. Nobody can maintain that our policy has been successful in tranquillizing the alarm of the Natives on this head, when at this very moment they are in open insurrection against us. If we had carried the Bible with fire and sword from Calcutta to Peshawur we could hardly have been exposed to greater perils than we have experienced as it is. It is difficult to affirm the absolute wisdom of our system in the face of the fact that an entire army has actually risen against us out of alarm for religion, and has endeavoured to re-establish to our prejudice that very dynasty which never scrupled to advance its creed by force of arms. These reflections are so natural that it is impossible to omit them; but at the same time we think the expressions of our correspondent are rather too strong as characterizing the new views to which he adverts. We do not imagine that any party in this country, political or religiou3, wishes the Indian Government to " take a more "decidedly hostile part against the creeds, the, "castes, and the sluperstitions of India ;" to infringe upon " the principle of complete tolera"tion ;" or to devise any measu against caste or creed " with the special aim of destroying " them." We do not think such opinions are at all rife among us, and ia ire cehtain they would never prevail. No Christian speaker could appear, either in pulpit or on platformr, and advocate &saything approaching to forcible proselytism in India. Hindoos and Mahomedans must worship after their own fashiopi in times to come as they have done in times past, but this acknowledgment is perfectly compatible with a doubt whether our policy has been a Msgacious as it appeared to be on these particulr points. It may not unreasonably be thought open to question whether a greater assumption of self-respect might not have procued us a greater amount of confidence. Every conceivable aussrance should be given that the power of Government would never, directly or indirectly, be exercised in controlling, disturbing, or in aby way affecting the religious penuasions of its subjects; but if we showed as much faith in our own religion as we allow the natives to display in theirs,-if while di¢laiming any compulwry propagation of Christianity we plainly avowed ourselves Christiain and aowa ,Vp. tu the avowal, 'we rght not find, the strength of our position impaired by our sincerity. Nobody need wish the Indian' Government to be more " hostile"' to the native superstitions, but it might well be less deferential. We need not " interfere" with castes, but we night pay them less homage. We do not forge; that after what has now occurred a greater viglanc than eyer may be required in dealing with prejudices which for a time may be more sensitive than before, but we borrow in conclusion of our present remarks some observations on this subject of which no reader will dispute the pertinence or impeach the authoriVy Thus writes one of the best and most (perienced officers in the Indian Army, CoIonel Joux JACOB :-" The fact is that when, without " giving offence, the English officer shows by his " habitual conduct towards the Sepoys that he "feels their caste prejudices, &c., to be marks of *inferiority which excite only his pity and regret, "the Sepoys endeavour to keep all such caste preju"dicea, AT., as much as possible out of sight, wil "never allow them to interfere with duty, and *vill never willingly obtrude therm on notice at " RIl" 3Do not these words point to a line of po1ie .vhich might be more becoming to a Chrisiian w'ithout being more alarming to a Hindoo l
We have 1'v beenhelping,in our literarycolumng, -to revive a mabject almost out of mind. Though it is bsrely 20 years since railway travelling was 9r1 generally introduced into this country, and c3iy half that time since it was finally accepted a safe and becoming method of locomotion, people have probably forgotten altogether that this marvellous invention was actually encountered with all the opposition that wealth. rank, and bigotry could contrive to create. Progress, however, in this part of the wotld, at any rate, is certain and irreistible, and its advocates can easily afford, in thO security of their succes, to dismiss from their minds the obstacles they have left behind them. If we revert to the point, it is simply by way of inculcating confidence on those who desire to advance, and, if possible, a little modesty on those who discharge the opposite mission. Of all the discoveries ever made there is none wvhich has produced such universal and unalloyed good as that of the locomotive engine. "Rail" ways," said Mr. DBSBAM prophetically sorae years ago, " wiU do more than ever monasteries " did," and, though the comparison may strike some readers as siDgular, it gives honourable evidence of discernment and candour. The time arrived, indeed, when monasteries, instead of being an advantage, became a disadvantage, when they encouraged idleness instead of relieving destitution, and when, through their intimate connexion with the Papal See, they gave a substantial expresion to a foreign authority within this realm of England. But, if Railways are ever to do harm, the contingency is utterly invisible at present. They may possibly be superseded by inventions stiU more beneficial, but it seems inconceivable that they should operate to the positive injury of any class whatever. In this respect the new institution differs strikingly from other great discoveries. When the keen ecclesiastic, on looking at a printing press, observed that it would kill the Church, he spoke truly enough according to his apprehension of things. In so far as the Church was represented by tradition and authority the art of printing was destined to destroy it by opening the approaches to truth, and the Reformer followed close on the heel of the typefounder. Bait Railways destroyed literally nothing. The great lords and landowners who shuddered at the uncouth machinery and audacious propositions to which they were introduced had not the slightest justification for their. terrors. Their ominous forebodings were not justified on a single point. Although the mass of the popuation gained prodigiously by the discovery, their gains were greater still. Railways have scarcely improved even the condition of the people so vastly as they have improved the value of land. In advertising an estate now-a-days mention is always made of the adjacent stations, and there are probably few customers for such bargains now to be found in the kingdom who would not require satisfaction on this head before opening negotiations. As to the influence exercised upon the national wealth, ADAM SaTnn could hardly have imagined such results as have been actually brought to pass. It has been calculated, as we have elsewhere remarked, that on the MIanchester and Liverpool Line alone the reduction upon the old rate of traffic represented a saving of 250,0001. a-year in actual money, without reference to the enqally important economy achieved in the matter of time. Even in the particular lines of business where there seemed most reason for apprehension, it was found that these apprehensions were vain. The demand for carriages and horses is even greater than before, and, as there are many more travellers, there must inevitably be much more hotel-keeping, though the profession may take a different form. If there is less call for one class of inns, there is more for others. The old-fashioned stately hostel by the roadside, with its dozen musty drawingrooms and its thirty pair of posters, may have passed away, but the new hotel at the terminus is far more capacious and splendid, not to mention that the immense increase of visitors poured into the several towns of the kingdom yields a proportionate extension of the trade at a thousand different centres. A man desirous of getting his living by providing accommodation for travellers can certainly find many more opportunities of doing so now than he would have met with 50 years ago. NeverthLdess, in elaborating this wonderftl discovery GEORGE STEPaENSON, as our review explained, encountered as desperate a resistance as if he had proposed to enslave the kdngdom. There was no catastrophe which was not predicted as an infallible result if his maniacal proposals should be countenanced by Parliament. It required, indeed, some intrepidity to proceed in the face of such terrible prognostics; but the resolution was taken, and in a few years' time the tide had set so strongly the other way that the only danger which could attend the introduction of Railwaysa frenzied speculation-was actually incurred. If we attempt to analyze the opposition which we have described, we shall discover a mixture of motives, but none particularly laudable. Here and there might exist, perhaps, an honest though irrational horror of a new-fangled monstrosity, 'with a genuine reluctance to see old agencies superseded, and a highly natural unwillingness to sink money in a speLulation so strange; but in the main, and substantially, the resistance was probablvi selfish, embodying a desire to save private privileges rather than prevent publio error. It is only surprising that a spirit usully thus constituted should so regularly claim the homage due to profound political wisdom. Upon the whole, however, it is probable that even this species of opposition represents a serviceable element in the great current of the world's affairs, and indeed, if whatever is is right, we must needs adopt somne such persuasion respeting a phenomenon which is never likely to cose. Certainly it is rather difficult to see what good was done by hustling and bullying GEOGox SrTZ1N8?sor after a fashion which might have scared, from his purpcse any less resolute m-n ; but, it there must always be two parties in a StA.*, and only c-ne of these can embrace the doccrine of progress, the policy of satgnation poaswe attributes of L uecessity1 if rkeAeandeur, If truth is to gain by discussion there must be an antagonist, just as on a question of canonization the Romish Church sppoints an advocate to represent the DeviL The remarkable circumstance in the cae is, that those who select these particular functions should so inrariably assume and so very frequently obtain the credit of the highest statecraft and most exalted sagacity. Resistance to reform is almost infallibly invested with the distinctions of prudence, foresight, and patriotism; nor does it appear that an unchecketed series of failures produces the least effect on such pretensions. The apprehensions expressed the other day about the Divorce Bill scarcely exceeded those which were placed on record at the discussion of the Mlarriage Law in the last century, and pretty nearly all the consequences with which we are threatened if we emancipate the Jewa were ihreatened with as much earnestness when we emancipated the Quakers. The repeal of the Corn Laws has not only filled our markets and extiDguished sedition, but has left anners better off than ever. The repeal of tho Navigation Laws is found to be compatible with the unprecedented prosperity of the nercantile navy, and it may be said with truth of every one of the reforms recently contested with so much eagerness, that they have falsified the predictions of their opponents as completely as they have justified the arguments of their- promoters. It is certain, howev&, that improvements equally promising will, notwithstanding such precadents, be encountered with equal tenacity in times to come; but when nex-t any projected reform is coupled in public discussion with the ruin of the country, the destruction of important interests, anad the decay of England's most valuable characteristics, it may conduce to the assurance of the nation, and perhaps to the facilitation of progress, if we remember the reception given to Railways, and the history of GEoRGE STEPsXsox.
OOUBRT CIRCU&AP. BALMORAI, SEPT. 17. HIer Majesty the Queen drove out yest6rday afternoon, socompanied by their Royal Elighnewes the Princess Alice and Prince Arthur. lady Churchill and EArl Granville were in attendance. The Prince Consort went upon the hbil deer stalldng. Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal walked out, attended by the Hon. Flora Maodonald. The dinner party in the evening included her Royal Highness the Duchees of Kent, Lord and Lady Jnmes Murray, and Lady Augusta Bruce. His Royal Highness Prince Alfred, attended by iAeu. tenant Cowell, arrived at Bucldnghan Paloe yesterday afternoon from Osborue. The Prince took his departure In the evening for BalmoraL The Chancellor of the Exchequer left town yesterday for Harpton.eourt, PAdnorshire. Despatcbes wvere received at the Colonial-offlce yesterday from tbe Governor of Vancouver's Iland. Despatches were ment yesterday to the Governor of Canada.
UNIVERSITY INTEZLIGENCE. OXFORD, SEPT. 18. The Senior Proctor has given notice that he will reoeive the names of candidates for the second public examination in the School of Litezm Hmumnloresj either from themselve or their tutors, at Wadhamn Collega on Saturday, October 17, from 2 o'clock till 4, and on M[onday, October 19, from 10 o'clock till 12. BEach candidate must give in 1. HIs matriculation paper. 2. The testamur of the moderators. 3. A certifiato from some professor or prelector. " Cum Statuto Tit. VI (IX), 1, sect. 7. 4. provisum sit ut nemo ad esmei secandumn publicum subeundum admittatur qui non duos pro. fessores vel pro-lectores publicos et unam, ad minimum utriusque lebtionum seriem Iutegram audiverint Decrevit Academia,-Ut Termino proximo Michaelis omnes admittantur ad examen secundum publicum suboundum qui umara Professorem ved Pnelectorem publicum, et unam lectionum seriemi audirerint, si modo c*etera .ompleverint omnia quam per Statata requiruntur. 4. A list, signed with his name, upon the printed forms issued for that purpose, of the subjects and books in which he offers himself to be examined. Candidates are reminded that no additional names can be received after Monday, October 19th, and are requested to apply to the senior tutor of their college or hAU for printed forms for their lists of subjects for examination. It is stated that the election of a new Principal at Jesus College will take place on Thursday, October L The elec tors axe the Fellows of the CoUege, who (under the powers given by a recent ordinance of the Commissioners) may elect either out of those who are or have been of their body, or from any other duly qualified persons.
SOuTmAmPTON, Friday.-His Royal Highness Prince Alfred, Attended by Lieutenant Cowell, landed in the docks this morning from the Fairy steam-yacht, CaptaLu -rispen, en route from Osborne to Bal-orat The young Prince was received on landing by Mr. P. Hedger and Mr. J. Lsgy. His Royal Highness appeared in the best bealth. BoILER EXPLOSION AT MANcHEsT.-Yesterday morning, about squarter to 10 o'clock, a large bciler, of 50horse power, bunt at the ironworks of Messrs. Johnson and Co., Bradford, nexr Manchester, severely scalding and otherwise injuring four of the workpeople, and less aeverely injuring three other persons. There were 16 boilers on the premises and four steam-engines, and they were all fitted ith safety-valves, steam-gauge;, and other appliances to insure safety, and the boiler that has burst was supposed to be in good working order, having been inspected and reported upon monthly by one of the inspectors of the Steam-boiler Association, of wvhich association Mtessrs. Johnson and Co. are members. The boiler was a circular one, 22 feet long and 5 feet in diameter, and the plates over the fire-place and those at front, under the fire-place, Lad given way, so that the steam and water escaped both at back and front. John Cash, the engine-driver was in front of the fire-place throwing on coal, and was blown to a distauce of 20 yards. He was taken up severely scalded and bruised about the bead, and was afterwrards carried to 'lhe infirmary where he lies in a precarious state. David Gregson, Richara Sellers, and a boy named Joeeph Hayes, working in a large shed near the boiler, were also mnch'scalded, particularly Gregson, and were carried to tho infirmary. The three other pesons injured, who were engaged at the time in piling scrap iron (one of them a woman), thongh much scalded, were removed to their homes. There Is said to have been a good supply of water in the boiler, and the cause of the explosion is not known. The pressure at the time is said to have been 451b. to the square inoh. Cash is reported to have been a steady, experienced, and attentive engise-driver, and no suspioion of mismanagement attaches to him. There is but little hope that Cash and Gregson will recover. THE LATE MURDER IN LEIGH WOODS, NEAR BRISTOL.-BUt little progress has been made toewards the important preliminary for discovering the perpetrator of this crime-the identification ofthe body. With a view of attaining this end, Mr. Handoock, chief of the Bristol police, yesterday issued the following minute description of the personal appearance and dress of the deceased - 1'About 30 years old, 4 feet 7 or 8 incbes hI4h, rather slight, dark brown hair, worn plain, with side-coubs; small mole on left cheek; one front tooth and one o right side, both in upDer jaw, partially decayed, have be stopped by a dentist. Dressed in a dark gray alpaca drs, having a pocket made of two different coloured materils, with a narrow white plaited friUl round the neck and down the front to the waist; black moreen oorded skirt, flasmel chest preserver, marked 'C. P' with red ootton ie the binding; chemise marked 'C. P., No. 6,' in ink - white cotbon stockings, same mark; - gBray bustle wit;i three tucks, stuffed with white hoisehair, having a small book in the centre to suspend it, ant whste tape strings to tie round the waist; brown alpa skirt, with one small tuck; flanel petticoat, with a deep tuck, marked 'C. .'In red marking cotton, and darned where it has been wern by the gsbybone; black velvet wristlets, boots with patent leather fionts and kid backs, laced at sides, raied heels, and have been half-soled. There re piecee of capet In the kot% worn as sock,. The corpee was without bonnet or abawA arre supposed to have been take away by thb marderer. Stays.- Pair of Hall-rival or Qesen's pattern leoans stitched drab stays, nearly newr, marked B (a long slendler letter) in ink on one shoulder srp, x.5gr inl inkeatbr. lace holes, and Pg.4 In red pencil oventliceutre of the busk The murdered woman Is believed to have come trom some distant part, and notto have been aeidentof£ toL Tie stays are nearly new ; and it is recestcd tbht upeca attention be directed to the private marks on theom, and inquiry made at all places where stas sae sold, in ordsaA ntce the localitv froni which the muaderad woman mkht have oome. Jhfornltion to be given to the Smperintendei otPolice Bristol." In the course of yesterd> a lady aived hos New. port to inpect the clotbes of io decae womma. Ab s WilliU,ms. of tbat town, had 3een an asocusn of " murder ia Tke Times, and was shzuck with the, ao.mlance the deacription of the decased bore t- bor owa daughter, Caroline NVilliamt, who left bom e ome short time since to viAit some frinds at Clitow. From the perlod of her departure Mrm Willims bed aot heard from het ebld, and from inquiries m cde at Newport there is reoc^ to believe that sbe leot in ompeaY with a young man to whom she was %ngaled It is crtain tIat she Uever artheA at the hons§ of tao friend at Clifton to whom she went ostensibly on a T. After examipiDg the dren and %x4eT tareets of hbe deceaed the lsdy wbo came to Ileiol an Wa107f of Mrs. Williams pronounced that they d1 not qeosres=ond with those worn by Mtiss Williams when she lft home, and tho mystery which mrrounds the 2gtte isa threfore set uuaolvedt
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMRS-OPRIUZ, Saturday Morrnmig. THE MUTINIES frN INDIA. We have received files of Calcutta papers to ti8 8th August inclusive, also the letter of our Bombq correspondent of the 15th August. By this arrival we havo also rowived flies of papers and our private correspondence from ChitnS to the 25th July. We take the following frorn the Jalcutta BnglihAman of the 8th August:- " We fear that when this paper reaches our English readers they will tltQw it away in disgu, exclaiming, " Oat on you, ;owls, nothing but songs of death." It is with the deepest sorrow that we say we have nothing elsfe to record One calamity follows another, and notdiing cheering can be related save the indomitable spirit everywhere displayed by British soldiers, whch carries them through difflicultiesotherwiseoverwhlmning Oneaeriousmisfortune, and one alone, has oocurredto them, whichwasinpursningthe mutineerfromDinapore. It is a month at least since a deputation of merchants interested in property in theneighboarhood of Dinapore waitedon the Governor-General to entreat thbt the three native reginents at that station might be disarmed. The reply wag an expresuion of confidence in their fidelity. At last the symptomx of mutiny became unmist8keable even. to the obtuse senses of the militcry authorities, and then the attempt to disarm was so clumsily made u to fail, and to cause the loss of about 200 lives, and probably from 10 to 20 lacs worth of property. But after such tragedies as those of Jhanai and CaTp7rel othera sink ihto insignificance. We have not yet all the details of this last terrible massacre, but it is computed' that nearly a thousand Christians lost their lives in it. " Cawnpore was formerly an important military station, but hax of late years been but slightly garrisoned. Is convenient position for connecting the trade of the upper and lower provinoes made it the site of several thriving commercial establishments, and it was also inhabited by a number of East Indian families, who had property there or in the neighbourhood; and also by pensioners, who found it an agreeable residence. On, the breaking out of the mutinylthere all these unfortunate people, except a few who were able to take shelter wit,h General Wheeler in the cantonments, were ruth. lessly massacred, withl every possible aggravation of cruelty and insult. General Wheeler, with his bandful of European soldiers, intrenched himself, an4 maintained his position so long that the most sanguine hopes were entertained of his deliveranoe but intercourse was So completely cut off that nothing was po3itively known till. the arrival of General Havelock's force at Cawnpore, when the dreadful fate of the little garrison was ascertained. Two or three only have escaped, enough to tell the dreadful tale of unprovoked barbarity and faithlessness. Among the sufferers were the women and children, nearly 200 in number, of Her Majeswt 32d Foot, whose depOt it was. The feelings of every British soldier in India may therefore be imagined, and, if they should in future be accused of cruelty in their vengeance, it need only be re. plied,-Remember Cawnpore! " The most painful reflection in this matter is that all the valuable lives thus sacrificed at Cawn. pore and at Lucknow, all the loss of property throughout the adjoining provinces, and -all the murders at Allalabad, might have been easily pre. vented. Jung Bahadoor, the ruler of Nepaul, has virtten to a friend here that at an early period of the mutiny he offered to send 10,000 men to the assistance of Government, and, if desired, to take the command of them himself. Thinking, as every rational man did, the occasion urgent, he pushed on 3,000 at once into the British territories. He received a civil answer, declining his offer, and requesting that the 3,000 muen might be withdrawn. Before they could reach the frontier another message came, requesting they might once more advance on Lucknow; which was complied with, but too late, it is to be feared, to be of much service. 'Now,' remarks this sagacious ruler, in the letter above-mentioned, 'if this is the way you treat your aUies, you need not be surprised if they lose all confidence in you.' " Those who have lost dear friends and relations, those who from affluence are reduced to want, may be expected to expreus thenmselves bitterly, but we think the calmest reflection will justly fix a heavy load of cenaure upon Indian mahdminiatratioe. We said on a former occasion that Lord Canning, as a stranger, unavoidably trusted to those about him, and has laudably exerted himself to the utmost, but men in office here, clinging to the system by wich they have their gains, could not or would not see that it vwas crumbling under their feet, and resemble those who, seeing house after house swallowed up by an inundation, flatter themselves it will never reach that which they inhabit. " It will be asked what are our present hopes aud prospects ; In the Pubjab mutiny has been quelled and punished with a strong hand, but from its frontier throughout the North-WNestern Provinces lar and government do not exist, and, except here and tnere an isolated garrison, the British power is for the timne extinct. Delhi has not fallen, nor is it believed that the little army which hs dared to besiege the numbers collected there can take it without reinforcements. Agra is believed, for we have no certain information, to have been plundered, and the garrison to have retired into the fort. Desunnding the Ganges, -we hold nothing but Capore, which is re-occupied and held by General Neill. General Havelock adanced from that point to the relief of Lucknow, but has been appo-ed by a> large a force that it is understood that he will have, toewait for reinforcements, of whic&, acoording to the latest aceounts, a small detacIhmInt has reachd 'him. It is supposed that on his reching Lucknow the garrison will be withdrawn, and Oude abandonedi for the time, and that a force will be concentutea at some convenient point, to a&vance so soon. as. the season permits. Bengal *ad Behar wouldc have been undisturbed had kot the wretched blundering at Dinspore enablecd the mutinears.there toesape, and to do lamudhi schief. The revok, which according to the latwt English papes was declared by Mr. Vernon Srnith in his place, in arliament to be entirely auldued, now inclows. at least 100,000 met, and extendis tboough whole kingdom-o l THE MUTINY AT DMNAPORE ON TIfZ 253T or JJLY. (Fronm the CaZ1CU9 FurWixj1h_..) CA te arinval cJ a detachment of Her Majeety'a t at Dinapore en rmTt to Ghazeepore, th* BngadieaetGeen"tI took that opport;unity of r*. waving fro? the maiagin;, (which wS ct irprudentl built near -tke mative lines,) all the Forc Mion tape and znearly %U the ball cartikge to the ery Bkarks. Some Sopoyls imedi, ately oe. out " T ary ren an our xtruu3iu. ffon, abp it, ad B1 the ofiloers." It im ejd the istant-Adjtust tGenera11 o het.ringthis ordered the gulDt to be toulg'ht fowad, but th oder war almoat iminedia,tgly couttennnded I Soon aftq I tboGebneral ao mewto thq t twm, at Q o
OUR BOMB XY CORRESPONDENCE. The subjoined letter from our Bombay correspondent contains ample details of the siege of Delhi and other important matter. It wil be read with unusual interest:- " BOMBAY, AuOusT 15. "ln the single aunouncement that Delhi was Atill at the date of our latest accounts from Lahore in the hands of the enemy is contained all, or very nearly all, the intelligence of an unsatisfactory character that I have to communicate to you from the Presidency of Bengal; and this one announcement, while ascribing to it its due, though no more than its due, meed. of importance, you will not, I think, be unprepared to receive. You are aware that, in spite of the considerable accession of strength gained by our forces in the arrival of Europeans and Sikhs from the Punjab during the last days of June aud on the 1st of July, it was not thought pradent to attempt the proposed assault ; and while you have gathered from my last letter that some little time must elapse before the arrival of further reinoreements to any large amount, you have also read that severe, tbough victorious actions, were fought on the 9th and 14th of July, by the losses sutained in wbich our already insufficient numbers were rendered yet more unequal to the service required. Yo'i will, then, I think, be prepared to hear, as I have always been prepared to write, that the army before Delhi dur:g the interval between the 14th and the 2Tth of July acted continuoudy on the defensive only. Two skirmishes took placeone on the 18th, the other on the 23d; but before making further allusion to these later engagements, Iwill go beck to the first fortnight of the mouth a1 the Qpl%tk* by wboh it was a kig , and of which details fuller than tHose that I was Ibe tlo give you in my Iast have reachea 4i "The affair of the 4th, when the recentlyafriled Rohilcund mutineers came out and menaoed-our, rear at AHipore and our communications with turnaul, hardly amounte4 to an x g_genent The enemy's attempt was but a feele. one, considering their great strength, and on their rekn to th ciity they took a wide sweep round the rIht of our position, showing no disposition to bring on a combat, which, on the other hand, the f0160 sent from the camp to observe them had, as I am informed, orders to avoid. The action of the 9th, however, waa very 5evere,' resulting, as I have before written, in theasupposed los to the mutieers of 1,000 killed and wounded, and of 211 tb ourselves. The fighting waA mostly on the right fank ancd rear of our poRI.- tion, among the enclosuree at and about the Subzee. Mundee. As you are aware, this is the only kind of locality in which the, mutineers show as sol-- diers to advantage. " Their fighting in the open," writes an officer from the camp, "4is contemptible: They hold walls, &Lc, well" On this day the struggle lasted. from '7 clock in the morning till. nearly 4 ia the afternoon, the great guns on the, walls of the eity firing incessantly tiTl the enemy were driven in. At one period of the day a party of t4iwr cavalry, wbic6h- belonged forxilAy to an Irregular Regiment, made an irruption into the rear of the camp (possibly, it was feared with the connivance of a picket of Irregulars), and rode nearly through it, not doingmuchmischief, fortunately, but causing considerable alarma among the followers, till attacked either by a picket of the 9th Lancers or by a party of Arillery recruits, and driven out with the loss of their leader and several men. The regiments principally engaged were the newly arrived 8th and 61st, and the Sikhs. Nine officers were wounded, one, Ensign Stephens, of the Ridfles, mortally, and the whole loEs is stated at 42 killed and 169 wounded. For four days after this combat none of the enemy ahowed. themselves outside the walls of the city. But on the 14th occurred the action to which I was able briefly to alude at the end of my last letter. A body of the mutineers estimated at 9,000 attacked the British position, as usual, on the right flank, and a smart skirmishing was kept up among the enclosures for three hours, when the enemy, fairly beaten out into the open, made for the wells in hasty and disorganized flight. tIp to this time our people are said to have had only sit, men hit, but now, in their eagerness to punish the fugitives, they followed them up so far as to get within range of grape, and even of musketry, frora the city, and suffered accordingly to the extent of 171 killed and wounded. No offlcer appears among the killed, but Brigadier Chamberlain was wounded, though not severely, and seven officers more. The next affair took place on the 18th, but was short and uneventful, though on our side one officer fell, Lieutenant Crozier, of the)75th. On the following day Lieutenant Rivers, of the same corps, died of cholera. The skirmish of the 23d, which was the next to follow, and is the list of which we have heard, was distinguished from its immediate predecessors by the circumstance that the enemy's attack weA directed against the left .nstead of the right of our posmtion. They camne out 'n force by the Cashmete-gate, with several field guis, and moved straight upon our batterv at Metcalfe-house, under cover of a heavy fire from the walls. But here the ground is les cut up by enclosures than on our night, and consequently is less suited for the operations of the mutineers. Attacked in flank by Brigadier Showers they fled with a precipitation that aved their guns and preserved themselves from any serious losw On our side Lieutenant Law, of the late 10th Native Infantry, was klPled, and four (fficers were wounded. All of the latter, together with the officers andmen hit onthe previous occasion, were at the date of the latest accounts doing well. Up to the evening of the 27th no more fighting had taken place. The force is now commanded by Brigadier Wilson, of the Bengal Artillery, illhealth having, as was anticipated, compelled General Resd to relinquish his post. "It having been decided, as I hear from the camp, that nothing can be attempted against the city till the attacking army is largely reinforced, you will be anxious to know from what quarters and to what amount reinforcements are procarable, and how soon they are likely to be united before or a -ound Delhi. From the Punjab on the one hand. and from the valley of the Ganges on the other accessions of strength are to be looked for. Sir John Lawrence, the indefatigable Chief Commissioner of the Punjao, is at Lahore, bent upon directing on the revolted capital every European and every Sikh, whether of the old regiments or the new levies, who can be spared from his loyal and now tranquil province. I say tranquil, because every regular infantry corps of the Bengal army 8erving in the Punjab has either been disarmed, or, having mutinied, has been de stroyed or driven beyond the frontiers. " The vengeance taken on the latest mutineersthe 9thi Cavalry and 46th Native Infantry, whose misdeeds at Sealkote I recorded in my last, has been signal. Not only, as I bave before written, was tbeir main body twice attacked and well nigh annihilated by Brigadier Nicholson with his flying coluran, but their fugitives and stragglers who had escaped into Cashmere were sent back by Gholab Singh to the British authorities to the number, including camp followers, of 572. Of this number 78 troopers and men of the 46th were made over to Lieutenant MI'Mabon, an assistant-commissioner, at the head of 3t 0 of the new levies. That officer at once executed 68 of his prisoners, reserving the remaining 10, chiefly commissioned and non-commissioned officers, in order that a more formal and public example might be made of them. So again with the 55th, who long ago mutinied at Mfurdan, in the Hill country, and of whom many escaped across the frontier, and sought shelter with the mountain tribes. A strong party of these fugitives, attempting to cross into Cashmere, were attacked and beaten by the Hill men. 32 of their number were taken and sent ia as prisonerstoMajor Beoher,commandingin tbeHa&arah country, by whom they were tried by court-martial, sentenced, and executed. At mooltan, disaffection having shown itself in the disarmed 69th, the Subah-. dar-Major of the regiment was tried by court-nmar. tial under the presidency of the commanding offlcer of the Bombay Fusileers, and, being - convicted on the clearest evidence, was blown from a 9-pounder gun on the 24th of July in presence of the whole brigade. The Bombay Fusileers may probably be pushed onto Delhi. One wing reached Ferozepore towards the end of last mouth, and would either be -moved on itself or would set free the iremainiuag wing of the 61st. A portion of the Great Pesawr brigade will, I believe, be brought aown. There are three fine English regiments ther, tbe 70th, 87th, and 27th, two troops of Horse Artiley, five companies of Foot Artillery, and two field batteries. Then Wicholson7s flying column, having puirged tho country of the Sealkote mutineers, is available for service before Delhi, where bF thiFt time it has, beyond a doubt, arrived. It 'aings to General Wilson the assistauce of the 62d. lijh Tnfantry, Colonel DawSees troop of Horse Artillsy, Captain Bourchier's fiela battery, the rth Punjab Infantry, and probably newr levies to a considerable amount. The 2d PunjAb IDEantry and. the Kunmaon lbattalion of Ghoorkas have also reached the camp. The newly, raised ,ikh levies under General Van Cortlandt should also~ be -with the army by thi- time.' The General has 4one excellent ser'i, iu the Eurrianah district, to the north-west 9f Debi, x 'u, in conjunction with Lieuteu5t Pearse and bis Bikaneer and other Irregulars, he bas completely Pacified. At Hisr, whera the General joined Pearze on the 1dth of Jaly, the, Englith officers, found- pMany nRelan6holy traces of I the massacre that the befelL The survirors who., bad returned w rith the forece wre ablo to point ou6 leveral localities where they had seen men and women of their acqiaintance 'shot or hacked to * pieces;-hic cecidise legato5; illc rapt aquila7. Thus the skull of Mr. Wedderburn, the collector, was identified and decently interred. With it were laid such Dortions of the remains of his wife and child, of &rs. Barwell, and of another ldy, as were reImovable from the spot, below the rampart, where they were cast down froma their little room of which the bloodstained walls yet testified to the butchery that bad been perpetrated. theroin. Mrs. Smith, wife of an asistant in.the Mi.tcherry, took refuge with her live eb;idren among ame thick bushes in the garden of lihr iounse. Thbe'gardener knew her retreat} but did not dciloae it, assuring the mutineers who ttactj4d and iacked the house that bis mistress and: her famly had escaped to the fort; biit s c7aohkedar, or policeman, who was under deep obligations to Mr. Smith for recent kindness, found out the place where the wife and children of his benefa'tr Were conce,led? and with his own hand4 laughtered -very one. Portio4s of bloodatained attire were itill clinging to 'the bushes when the -bones of the victims were collected and interred, Of Lieutenant Barwell's bcdy no traces were found. - Such of the prisoners taken by the General's force as were proved to have been concerned in the massa were summarily dealt with. Mrs. Smaith's murderer had escaped, as also bad the man who shot Mr. Thompson, of thle police; but both were known, and at the date of the letter from which I have gathered these details their speedy apprehension was hopefuly anticipated. The new levies4 were then (July 19) coming in fast. 'When joined& by a party of 500 Irregulars of the Dogra t'ibM snd 60 Artillerymen vith -two field pieces from Ferozepore, Van Cortlandt would move to the camp at Delhi, distant very little more than 100 miles, and there, as I have said, he has doubtless ere this arrived. " There Is, then, reason to hope that within the first fdrtnight orthree weeks of the present month the .foice under General Wilson would find itself very greatly strengthened from the Punjab and the North-west. I do not like to venture even approximately upon the amount of the assistance thus to be rendered; but I may mention that the Punjab Infantry Regiments at their faLll complement are 900 strousg, and that the Kumaon Battalion should muster G50 bayonets; for the Queen's Regiments, 'we know how strong they ought to be, but not how strong they at this moment actually are; and of the newleviesit isobviously impossibleto arrive at the numberlikely to beemployed. I sball, however, not be surprised to learn that the aggregate amount of these reinforcements-is at least one-half of the present effective strength of the Infantry of the army. But the North is not the only quarter to which General Wilson is looking for aid. Advancing from Allahabad, the little force under General Havelock has steadily crusbed all the vitality out of the r,,bellion as far as Cawnpore, and now, Lucknow once relieved, it will be pushed on to Delhi with all the speed possible. From Cawnpore to the capital of revolt is 266 miles. This distance, if carts can be got in sufficient quantity, and if the pace is as good as that of Colonel Neill in his late advance from Allahabad to join Havelock at Caw-pore, may be got over in 10 or 11 days. But when we last heard of this band of heroes there was yet work for them to do 'before they could marchNorthward; there was aiU Lucknow to relieve. Between Allahabad and Cawnpore they eugaged the enemy under Nena Sahib no fewer than four times in the course of five days, beating them alhke in the open field, or when posted in strongly fortified positions, capturing all their guns, and finally entering and re-occupying Cawnpore. From his camp at that city Eiavelock writes on the 17th of July, ' By the blessing of God, I recaptured this place yesterday, and totally defeated Nena Sahib.' Then, after describing the position of the enemy, behind a succession of villages, and the obstinacy of the engagement for 140 minutes, till a flank movement gave him the victory, he adds, 'N ena Sahib. had barbarously murdered all the women and children before the engagement.' So the tale of the dreadful massacre was discovered to be only too true. The men of Havelock's force found their way into the building where these poor creatures had been confined, and were horror-struck at the ghastly spectacle of a paved court deep in blood, and strewn with crin soned fragments of dresses, and of a well in the com pound choked with the stripped corpses of the slain. The number of those that here fell is stated at 32 women, with several children. All the rest of the party that surrendered to Nena Sahib were fired upon and destroyed in their passage down the river, except some 20 men, who having swum on shore from a swamped boat were taken and blown away from guns. How many were the suflerers in all I do not know, but there were, I fear, two companies of the 84th there, a com pany of Artillery, aUl the officers of the regiments that had mutinied at the station, and many others who had been detained there on their way to join their corps in the North-west. On the 20th Colonel Neill, with three more companies of the 84th, and some more of his own Fusileers, joined Havelock; and the same day Bithoor, the stronghold of Nena Sahib, was occupied without opposition, and 13 guns were taten, though the miscreant himself escaped. When last heard of he was in Oude. We hear that a price of 5,000 rupees is set upon his head. Leaving Neill, ;now a Brigadier-General, at Cawnpore, Havelock crossed the Ganges, and moved towards Lucknow, distant 53 miles. On the 29th he reached Oonao, about a third of the distance. The town was strongly protected by nature, and by the enemy, but he stormned it at the point of the bayonet, capturing all the gans, 15 in number. Haltng for four hours, he advanced to a village called Bupeerulgunge, also strongly fortified. Thi& position he likewise carried, with its four guns. Ilis owl low was severe, amounting to 88 killed aud wounded. The troops, as in his former actions, consisted of the 78th, 64th, and Madras FusHeer. Alt behaved splendidly. Dangerfield, of the Fusfleers, was the first over the; barricade. Lieutenant Bogle, of the 78tb, was badly wounded wvHe greatly distingaishing himself, and is recommended by the General to the notice of the Duke Of Cambridge. A private of the 64th, named oavanagh, would have been re. commanded for the Victoria Crons bad hesnrviveda lieutenant Seton, of the Fusileers, was severely wounded. In truth, this series o£ engagements, fought under the tremendous July sun by wome ],500 Europeans against bodies of tho enery pi bably five or six times their numiberz must be regarded as not the last among the achieve,e,nts of the matchl'ms British Iniantry. Considerig the strength of the enemy's positions and tbeir own daring, their lombha bem r comparativeY slight, and only one officer hu as yet been, to our knowledge mortaly wounied-Major Reuaud, of the hSadras Puaileers. You may,f perhaps, get from iCalcutta later nows of this noble fore tha I am able to give you, as also of the a5rmngements ! for pushing up the river the 5th Fusileers and newly arrived 90th. From that quarter, too, you wil hear of the only other important piece of Bengal intOligence.the mutiny of the three Native Inf4ntry BAegimnents at Dinapore, the 7th, 8th, a4 4O(thl At this late hour, when the tide' hm Iairly turned in our favour, this proceeding on the part of reginents that have so long remained quiet is ineoplicable. Her Majestf' 10th Foot and a& battery of artillery weie at the stations motever, and, having long otoed to restrain, wM now be employed to punish, them.' There -ow remain of the 74 Infantry Regiments of the Bengal army, armed and free from acts of mutiny, only, r think, the 66th (who are Ghoorkas), ihe 50th at Nagode, the 52d at Jubbulpore, the 65~ at Ghazee pore, ana the 73d at Jasnuulpore. Perhaps -the, 31at, at Saugor, may be included. Of 4he Regular Cavalry aU the ten regiments hlve eithet mutinied or been disarmed. The 10th, howevrer, it mrtt in justice be said, is very stanob, and cas done good tervice. Of the 18 lrro~ular nine bMve mutinied or deserted to the enemy, while the ontingents of Gwalior, Eotah, and other Chief#, Lna the whole Oude Irreplar foroe, Ure g6leto I thi. "I have just Seen i 1ett4i i o-iti e eanp, dated July 22, Brigadier OsatnberlaiPxtWround on the 14th was from a grapeshot; which strtiek him on the arm. In the excitemeat of thbe-#drstit he ap. proached too near the walls,' as hii afterwrards al1wed. Great interest was felIV r;tis gallant and able offloer. He was doing -well,: nd the -doctors were itting to save his rtm. Outi os, says the write*, rai 16 officers w6urded, and 230 men killed 8dAn! t0khaed c-fiiderWy.hea,ner, you will observe, than T had githered ito16 be. On the 18th we had 13 kiled and 63 wounded. The Engineers and Sappers had been hard at work clearing away many of the buildings anrd trees in and about the Subzee Mundee. The attaeks of the enemy were becomisg less feeblo. They were reported to be wanting percussion caps, and trying it vain tomake them. Of powder, however, they had abundanoe, the heroism of poor Willoughby adl his con- panions having, as I have before mentioned, availed - only to destroy the small-arm magazine. DiAsensions were growing among them; the Commanderin-Chief, an artilleryman from Bareilly, by name Buktahir Khan, had been deposed, and the Prince Mirza Was again commanding. Our troops were tolerably healthy, though cholera appeared occasionally. The Carabineers had just lost a officer by that disease-Lijatenant Ellis. The army is in want of a first-class siege train ;-that brought froom Phillour was only a third-clas one. Two out of six howitzers arerendered unserviceable. We have six 18 pounders and one 24 pounder, taken from the enemy, four 8-inch howitzezs, and four 8-inch mortars at work. " Rajpootana remains perfectly quiet. Ajmeer, Nusseerabad, and Neemuch are garrisoned by the column from Deesa, the 83d Foot, 12th Bombay Native Infantry, and Artillery. The Bombay column from Poonab, under Brigadier Steuart, entered Mhow on the 30th of July, and was welcomed by Hungerford's battery in the fort with a right Royal salute. Of Scindia we still hear nothing. Holkaes dominions are quiet, and so are those of the Ranee of Bhopal. The Saugor and Nerbudda territories are safe. That queer regiment, the 31st, at Saugor, whicb, after frightening its officers into the fort by its mutinous appearance, to6k up arms under its native officers and drove the matinous 41st out of the cantonment, remains stationary and quiet, while a detachment of the same 41st thus expelled for mutiny distinguished itself a few days afterwards by beating off a body of Bundelaa who attaeked their station at Dumoh 1,000 strong. The 5f2d at Jubbulpore have never wavered, and will, it may be hoped, agree well with the column from Kamptee which has now arrived at the station, and which consists entirely of Madras troops, six or eight companies -of infantry, a squadron of cavalry, and three guns of the Nagpore. Irregulars, though worked, by the by, by Europeans. In the Madras Presidency neither Nagpore nor Hyderabad has hitherto given any cause foralarm. The columufrom Bangalore sent on Kurnaul, to watch the southern frontier of the Nizam's country, is now in motion. It consists of the head-quarter, and right wing of the 12th Lancers from BaDgalore, a squadron of the 3d Light Cavalry from Arcot, and one of the 6th from Bellary, the head-quarters and right wing 74th Highlanders, and 60th Madras Native Infantry from Bangalore, two horse artillery guns, and two guns of a field battery. Brigadier Whitloek is in command. The Hyderabad Contingent has a force ont at Edlabad, in Northern Berar, under Major Orr, a regiment of infantry and a wing each from two others, a regiment and a-half of cavalry, three companies of artillery, with 14 guns. Moreover, of its regular troops, Madras has sent a complete brigade to Calcutta-the 17th and 27th Native Infantry, the 8th Light Cavalry, and a troop and a company of Native Artillery. To make up in some degree for this drain upon his army, Lord Harris in Council has ordered three additional infantry corps to be raised with all speed. " I come to our own Presidency, and greatly I regret to have at last to tell you of an outbreak in a regiment of the Bombay army. I trust that the mutiny has been crushed. I wiU even venture to say that I think that it has. I by no means despair of the Bombay army, the circumstances of tiiis particular outbreak being, I think, sufficiently exceptional to warrant the entertaining a great, if not a perfectly unshaken, confidence in ita loyalty as a body. The 27th Bombay Native Infantry vas raised iu 184G, mainly from the turbulent native State of Sawunt WVaree. In 1857 it happens to be quartered at Kolapore, in the immediate neighbourhood of its original birthplace. I think it highly probable that this proximity was partly the cause of the event which I am about to narrate. Before daylight on the morning of Saturday, the 1st, this day fortnight (it is one comfort to reflect that in 14 days no second explosion has taken place), about 150 men of the 27th turned. out of their lines with loaded firelock4 attacked and plundered the house of their commanding officer, Major Rolland, who had escaped with his wife to, the house of Colonel Maughan, the Resident, (for Kolapore is a Mahratta State, and has a Rajah,> sack-ed the treasury of about 40,000 rupees (4,0001.), robbed the shroffs or native bankers in the bazaar of all the money and jewels in their possession, and then betook themselves to a high-walled enclosure. When day brok-, Coloinel Maughan took a party of the Kolapore Local Infantry jCorps, distrusting the 27,tb, to attack the mutineers, but failed to make any irmpression upon themn (l s.m not sufficiently in.. formed to know why), aad withdrew; thereupon, the mutineers moved out of the enclosure and marched to a town called Kagul, on the Belgaum road. But tbere, wheaher they had beer in previous concert with the regiments at Belgam, and, found their expectationsof a.rising at that sation, disappointed, or wlhether, as is mezo probable, because they were a mere aimlssalot of plunderers, they abandoned the Belgaum road and struck across country to the point where the, Kol&poFra road. to the a coat descends the Western Ghaats at Phoonda. ere, unfortahtel.y they. fell in with three young officers of the, regidient, Heathfeld btubbs, and Norris, who had fled from Rolapore ancd wer, maling their way to the sea coast, when they wee seized and sklin by the mutineera. The murderers then appear to have dispersed. Sone 20 went back to the old enclosure at Kobipora,and were attacked by some of their own regiment and of the Southeru Mahratta Horse and captured, with the los of five klled. A large number of others wer taken in the Sawunt Ware State, having thrown away their artns,but stfllwr. lug their great-coats, and laden with rupee. Othet stragglers are constantly being brought lnu by the villagers, to win the large, xv
CHINA. (FROM OUR OWN COPu ON-)- HONG1KONG, JULY 20. The steamer Ganges arrived here on the 22d Inst., bringing the 10th of June mail fromEngland. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's agent has made arrangements for the steamer Shanghai to take the semi-monthly mail, and the steamer leaves this morning. By the Ganges we heard of the loss of the Transit in the Straits of Banca. On receipt of the intelligence Sir Michael Seymour despatched the steamer Inflexible to Singapore, to be available for the conveyance of the troops. We may here mention that iire of Her Majesty's vessels, bound from England to China, have, within the past few months, been on shore in the Straits of Banca. In consequence of the unsatisfactory news from India, Lord Elgin considered it advisable to leave for Calcutta, and he embarked, with his suite, on board Her Majcsty's stearmer Shannon on the 16th inst., and left the same day, accompanied by Her Mlajestv's steamer PearL The body of marines (about 350) whieh arrived here in Her Majesty's steamer Sanspareil on the 12th inst. have been seut rouid to Calcutta in the Pearl. It is understood that his Lordship's visit to India will not be a protracted one, and that his object is to endeavour to make arrangements for a force to come round to China. The impression here is that some MIadras Regiments may be ordered on. The cause of the digression of the force intended for China is to be much regretted, but it is satisfactory to consider that the delay it occasions in the settlement of the ' Canton question' does not appear likely to create nmore extended differences between ourselves and the Chinese. Our intercourse with the Chinese in the north continues on the same friendly footing as previotus to the disturbances in the South, and the prospect of a most flourishing trade being carried on at Shanghai in exports and imports is favourable. Late accounts irom the Canton River do not mention anything particular occurring there. Her Majesty's steamer Nimrod, Captain Dew, arrived here on the 17th inst. She has since proceeded, in company with Her Majesty's steamer Hornet, to the north. Hls Excellency Admiral Guerin left this for France or the 15th inst., in His Imperial Majesty's ship Virginie. Pekin (azetb-s come down to the 15th June, but do not contain anythingofinterest. His Imperial Majesty's ship Capricieuse was at Ningpo. The Portuguese Consul had removed for safety on board. In the late affray 45 Portuguese are said to have been killed, and of the opposite side six Canton men and one Englishman. The notorious pirate Apak had anchored his fleet off Ningpo, and threatened to take the place if he was attacked by the French steamer. All foreigners except Portuguese were living in quietness at Ningpo. We have no late dates from Amoy or Foo-Chow. From this there is little to report. Business in imports continues on a limited scale. Cotton very triffing sales. Prices unaltered. Cotton yan.- High numbers would sell at onr quotations. Nos. 16-24, $25, nominal; Nos. 28-32, $32 to $32 50c.; Nos. 3842, $40 to $42. Shirtings.-Transactions small; grays, 5i to 7 catties, $1 80 to $2 40; vwhites, $2 20 to $3. Metala.-Little inquiry. Nail rod-iron as last quoted; lead, $7 30 tso $7 70; tin plates, $8 75. Rice.-The Chinese harvest has tuned out better thaV was anticipated, and there has been no demand for foreign rice. Bengal quoted nominally $2 30 to 12 50. Sagar has further advazeed. Exchange io. to bs. id. on England, and on Incdia 230r. to 232. Bullion._Sycee silver, Si per cent. premium; bar silver, 9per cent, premium.; gold leaf, $22 per tael; Mexican dollars clean, i per cent. premium. Freights.-Tonnage is abundant. Shanghai advicee are to the 15th inst. Shirtings were dearer, the price of the native cloth being high, Grays, 5id. to 7id.; catties, taels 1.5.5 to tacla 2.3; whites, middling to good, taels L7.5 to taels 2.2. Teas.-Cheat musterB of 30 chops new te3s from the Oopack and Raisow disricts had been received, and 19 chops were settled at 24 to 43i taels, or considerably above the London rates of the 10th of June. If the route remain opea a large supply was expeocted. The black leaf kinds axe fully equal m quality to former years, the few musters of Souchongs and Ksows received are inferior. The fine and finest teas had not yet arrived. One chop of green tea had been received. Five chops ofiold Nangehow Congou were taken at 25 ts. to 24l ta. Raw Silk.-Considerable fluctuationa took place after the departure of last steamer. An advance of 15 b. was established, and enbsequently a decline of 20ta. Settlements 6,000 bales, making thetotal settlexaenta of new silk 20,500 bales. Arrived 25,000 bales. T,atlee, No. 1, $475; No. 2, $455; No. 3, $435; No. $420; throwns, skein, $275 to $280. Tayesam, No. 1, $385; No. 2, $370; No. 3, $350; No. 4, $330; inferior, $325. Excbange on England closed at 7s. Id. to 7s. 2d.; On India nominal, Ra. 330. Freights to Great Britain, 31. 10s. for tea, and 01. 6s. for silk. Our advices from Manila are to the 11th July. Exchange on England 4s. 3d. Mexican dollars 15 to 18 cer cent. pm. Sugar continued high in price. Ovr latest dates are, from England, June 10; Calcutta, June 24; Bombay, June 29; Singapore, July 15; Manilla, July 11 ; Sydney, June 8; Mel. bourne, May 29; Shanghai, July 15.
FRANCE. PARIS, FRmDAY EVxnaG. The receipts of the Paris and Orleans Railway Company for the week ending the 9th of September amount to 1,118,230M. 83c., being a decrease of 38,134f. 88&. as compared with the corresponding week of last year. The receipts from the list of January to the 9th of September amount to 39,677,134f. 31c., being an increase of 5,808,098f. 99c. aa compared wit,h the corresponding period of the year 1856. The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 67f. Il5. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cenih. at 91f. 75o. ; Orleans Rallway shares, 1,372f. 50o.; Grsat Northern, 8601.; Straburg, 6651.; New Shres, 655; Prs to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 872f. S0c.; Western of Framoe, 705f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 655f.; Great Central of France, 608f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 660f1.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 820f.; Austrian Railways, 657f. oOc.; Roraan Railways, 480f.; Run Rallways, 510f. Coun Authent6qE.-PAr.s, Sept. 18.-Cah Prices.- Four.sd.a-Half per Cents. (not reimburble for 10 yean), 91f. 50o. 75o.; Three per Cents., 66f.75c. 70c. 85e. 67f. ; Bank of France, 2 800f. 2 810f. ; ditto (550f. paid), 2,8001. 2,8101. *Crtdt 1ionoer, O)bligations of 600F,, Four per Cents., 42s. 507; ditto Three per Cents., 3951. dio Tenthls Your per Cents., 85?.; Crddit 3MobiZer, 7801. 7721. 30c. 7701. 7751. 765?. 780f. 7901. 7951. 800f. 807f, SOc. 810f. 815f. 817f. 50c. 820f. 825. ; Disconnt Batk, (671. ,5c.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f.; AustniveperCents 88; ImperIal lomans, 87. Bxchange on London, d t ight, pper, 25f. 20e.; 3noney, 25f, 17io.; three month paper, 2MU 85.; money, 24f. 82&.
IBBLAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORTLO.mmrA DJEBLI, FmAuy MORNTiG. THE PIOCLAIDNG OF BFAST. The special reporter of the Freeman, writing last night from Belfast, thus describes the state of feeling confsequent upon the disgrace of the capital of Ulster being placed for its misdeeds under the stringent provisione of the Orime and Outrage Act The proclamation by the Lord-Lieutenant in Council of Belfast, although it was to some extent anticipated here, has caused no small amount of sensation, followed by a feeling of shame and sorrow at the degradation that has thus been brought down upon so important and prosperous a eonanunity. It seems to be generally admitted that this strong proceeding on the part of the Executive was urgently demanded by the disorganization of society, the interference with industry, and the outrages upon person and property which have been going on here since the ast July anniversary, whose recurrence has, for years and years past, been the recognized period for the revival of discord and tile perpetration of se.ious crimes against law and order' in Ireland, The Government are making extendve preparations to carry into effect the proclamation of the Privy CounciL There will be a general rearching for arms after Friday, the 18th, from which day tho proolainaon will take effect, but already as the pelioe are Informed) arms are being sent out to the country disticts, and buried and otherwise concealed in the town. 600 men and officers of the 30th Begiment arrived here yesterday evening. 50 constabulary have come from Wetmneath and Kildare counties under Subinspectors Fleming and Falloon, making that force now In Belfast more than 410 strong. The military have been also reinforced by three officers and 46 men of the 3d Dragoons. Both braaches of the servioe, it is understood, will be further strwngthened, so that there is ample guarantee for the preservation of the peace, and the additions may not be unnecessary, for it is not improbable that resistance would be offered to the expeoted disarming of the disturbed dlstricts, if tbe persons were not deterred by a large array of troops and constabuary. The Privy Council proclamation is posted all orer the town, and there is appended to it, for the information of the inhabitants, an abstract of the Act aboutto be put in operation. A constabulary officer informed we last night that he heard there were men collectiug in the Pound district for the purchase of powder. Peace is restored. Both psrties are afraid to come into collision with the strong bodes of constabulary who are patrolling, and who, itis known, will nzre upon comparatively less pro. vocation or rioting than wvould be tolerated under different circurustances." The reporter of Saunders's Newsletter writes under the same date as follows v- ".The proceedings before the Government Commissioners contiaue to attract the greatest amount of attention from the public at large. The court-house is daly crowded with iost attenive lsteners, and in the streets the points broight out in evidence are earnestly discussed. 'The proclamntion of the Lord-Lieutenant and Privy Councilp A igBelfast andthesubarb ofBallymacourtunder theprovisions of the Peace Preservation (Ireland)Act of 1816, was only posted this inorning, but its nature was pablicly knowr since Tuesday morning. To-morrow it comes into operation, r nd the belligerents who had so long held the town in terror are now busily engaeed either in burying their guns according to John Mitchel's receipt, ' nicely wrapped up in oiled flannel,' or sending them to their friends beyond the boundarieg of the proclaimed district, or returning them to the warehouse fromv which they hired them or bought themr; whilo in many other intauces they 'pop'them rnider the safe keepig of their male relatives up that repository popularly called 'the spout.' AU is commotion in the ranks of the rioters on both sides. But a few daring spirits are determined, I hear, to have their weapons at hand in somne cunning place of concealment, to brave the rigour of the search which is to bh instituted, with the penalty of two years' imprisonment that follows upon conviction. Shots continue to be fired even yet, but they are few and far between as compared with the fusUlades of Saturday and Sunday nights last. The cannon are silent in Sandy-row, and in the now notorious locality called the Pound ; but the animosity-the odium thcologi-um-is as intense as ever, The town is filled with constabulary and soldiers, infantry and cavalry, but the latter have not been called from their barracks this week. Never, since the disastrous period of 1798, did the town present the same deplorable signs of internecine strife, and it is sincerely to be hoped it never wlIL" A temperate Protestant journal, commenting upon the Belfast orgies, and the Government measures for their repressiou, justly remarks:- "It was qite right tha,t this unholy warfare should be suppressed, a;nd that all parties should learn that the law must be obeyed. The pastime of murder for the love of God will not be longer borne with. We will not, so far from the scene of riotingg, hazard any opinion as to who were the original transgressors. The organs of each party defend their lambs, and proclaim loudly and boldly tbht the Protestants or Cathorlcs, as the caae may be, were not the transgressors, and that the other party fired the first shot or threw the first stone. That wi be breugbt to light hereafter, but both parties now see pretty clearly that the amusement will nok be tolerated any longer, and that they must all resume their honest labour, i: they have an;; but whether or not they must contri,e to live peaceably together, and respect the law of the laud. The conduct of both parties was extremcly eriminal and disgraceful, offensive to the laws of God and man." TlEL FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 891 f; ditto, for account, October 13, 90 89&; Three per Cents. Reduced, shut; New Three pox Cent. Stock (shult), 89k; lditto, for aceount, October 13o, Sf 90; General Mining Company of Ireland (31. 10s. paid). 23Ss. IaUways.-Belfaat and Ballymena Wesltern Stock (1(30 paid), .di. 8; Dxblin TIlE BELFAST RIOTS. (BY BRIT3S ASD RlSMI SAONETIO TELEGoRn.) The magistrates to-day committed four policemen on the charge of rioting last Sunday, when in uniform and on duty. It was stated that the prisoners had headed the Protestants who stoned the Catholics. The idea that there are partisans among thc police has created much excitement in Belfast.
TEB INDIAN MUTINIES. THlE MASSACRE AT CAWNPORBE TO THE BDITOR OF TE TIMES. Sir,-A8 the accompanying is the firat authentic acoount that I have read of the horrible tragedy at Cawnpore, I send it to you for publication if you think fit, and I hope that the horrors it depicts will awaken the minds of the most mawkish to the necessity and justice of deep vengeance. Vniirst fqitl.fn1ll L B,th, Sept. 17. se Ca-upore, July 18. "My own dearest Brother,-God Almighty has been graiousy pleaed to Bpre my poor life. I am the only individual saved among al the European and Christian community that inhabited this sttion. Mypoor dear wife. my darling sweet child Polly, poor dear Rebec and her childron, and poor innocent children Emnielina and Martha, as also old Mm Frost and poor Mr Osborne, were 1l most inhumanly butchered by the cruel insmagents on the day before yesterday, and thrown into a-vell4 together with a great number of other ladies and children, reported to be about 150 in number. I am distracted. I am most miserble and wretohed. I am like one in a dream. Yoa could not recognize me if you saw me. My life ha been spared by a miracle. The Will of the Lord be done. He alo0ne ean give mecomfort, or I am in a terrblse sate of disre of mind. "I will vrite you a detailed account of aU our sufferings nd di3rses, such ditres as has never before been experienced or heard of on the face of this earth. At present I cannot write, I cannot eat or drink-I am perfectly wrtchhe "I escaped only yeaterday from my miserable prlion where I had been confined with heavy fetters on my legs for 24 days by the rebels, who nearly iook aWay my life, buGod alone prevented them and spared me. They gave m, only parched pain to eat daily, and that in very small quantities. "he EAglish troops have come In and rstored pce. They have retaken Cawnpore. Their arrival here yeter. day was the means of my releae, as my term of imprison. ment was threeyears withhardlabour. The enemy hadfrom 10,000 to 15,000 troops, and have done great destruction; but the British, with 2,400 2Eropeans and 700 Silkhs have driven them away, and not a soul of them is to be seen now anywhere. "I know not whether those few lines will reach you, nor do I know if you and your dear children at Agra are still In the land of the living. But I have made this effort to send this letter in the earnest hope that it will reach yJO I it ,do I beg you will send me a reply per bearer, and also write by post, if such Is establshed by that time. " Every office and soldier and every merchant, writer, or Christian drummer, &o., that had gone into the intrench. ments here under General Wheeler on the 4th of June, has been killed. The cannonading of the enemywas very, very severe. Twelve guns, taken from our magazine, were brought to play upon us. They had a very g quantity of powder at their disposal, for the magazine was no; blown up, and S0 boats' of ammunition reached the enemy bytheGanges C0nal just in time for them to annoy us. The artillery barracks, where we were intreuched, have been scattered to atoms by the 24-pounder bails that were inoes. santly fired by the eneray, and many died under the walls. Day and night the guns were kept playing upon us without ceasing for a moment, and the musketry of the enemy poured rillions of blUs upon us up to the 25th of Junethat is for 20 days. The enemy made several attempts to chaRrge upon us; three times they surrounded us on all sides under cover of the compound walls of bungalows in our vicinity, and sounded their bugles to charge, but were driven beck by our artillory firing canister upon them. We had only six ema gUns with us, and not a eingle howitzer. " Had we even had one 24-pounder a great deal could have been done, or had our General taken up his positioa in tEa magazine we might all have escaped the very severe calamity that has befallen upon this station, for without guns the enemy could not have done anything. On the 24th of June I was sent out as a spy" on oer. tain conditions, and as I was ressed like a common Chinaman I was not kiled; for I was taken prisoner almos. as soon as I came out of the intrenchment, particulars o' which I shall give you in my next, but kept in confinement until the day of my trial, when fetters were put oa me as stted above. After I camo out on the 24th it appears the rebel Rajah sent a letter to our General the day after, offeriDng to let him and all his people go to Allahabhd, on oondition that he would give up all his tsre, ammmun tion, &o., and vacate Cawupore within three days. Thls was accepted by the General, and the usual oaths were taken that no treachery would be used. The IRajah supplied 24 boats and gave carriage to the river side. On the morning of the 27th our people went on board the boats-Oh ! how I felt, when in confinement I heard that the English were going in safety. I could not keep my secret, and told the Subadar of the prison guard that I was a Christian, and nearly lost my life by this exposure, of which more hereafter ;)-but had not time to let the boats go, when the enemy fired cannon upon them, and upset some; others they set fire to. Only one boat I am told managed to get away, but was afterwards picked up at a short distance and brought baok. About 160 women and children, and about 100 Europeau soldiers and officers and men of all classes were taken aliv The former were kept as prisoners up to the 16th of July, but the men (among whom was our poor Danild) had their hands tied behind them, were kiUed with swords and muskets, and thrown into a ditch. The women received parched grainfor afew days, but afterwards they got daU and chit patios in small quantities. The ralsess have bad motives for sparing them so long. II At the time of their being murdered (on the 16th inst.) I am told that a number jumped alive into the well thaS was intended to receive their corpses rather than be butchered and insulted so unmercifully as the hard-hearted brutes were using them. " Oh J when I think of it how my heart breaks. I get beside myself, and wish I had not been spared to hear of such dreadful accounts. Oh! my poor dear Polly! how must they have killed you. So sweet a child never existed. How will I ever forget you! The faces of all I have lost are ever before me. Oh ! how dreadful is my state of mind. God Almighty have mercy on me ! Oh, God, help Thou me, whom Thou hast spared. "Thine affectionate, but miserable, " H. J. SHEPHERD. "P.S.-My infant vas shotin the head by a spent musket. ball on the 12th of June, while we were in the intrench. ments, and died in great agony after 48 hours. I was also wounded on the 7th of June with a spent musket-ball in the back, and very nearly lost my life, but I soon got over it. The wound is now nearly healed. "H . J. S." "Thaccooraneet is alive. She was all the time with us in the intrenchment, bat got off on the day the boats were supplied by the Rajah. Every house in the station has been destroyed by fire. I had not a fraction left. I am taken care of at present by my office treasurer, who also is very kind to me." DELII. The following is an extract from a letter of an officer in the Bengal Engineers:- " Camp before Delhi, July 15. "Things are going on very slowly here. It is now more than five weeks since our arrival, aud we are stilU as far ohf taking the place as ever. Our nearest works are nearly a mile off the town, and there seems to be no chance of any advance being made. The Pandies (as the mutineers ara called) come out every third or fourth day and attack us in force,when all our men are turned out, and a fight of several hours' duration takes place, in which a great deal of ammunition is expended, from 50 to 100 of our men killed and wounded, and 300 or 400 of the Pandles. In one of these affairs yesterday three Engineer officers were wounded, among whom was Carnegie, who was grazed by a bullet in the am. We arc, however, suffering a great deal more from oholera than from the enemy's fire. In one regiment (the 61st Qaeen's) seven men died in one day from it. It Is now the rainy sesson, and t'he mnen ont on duty get vet, have to remain in their wet clothes for several hours, come home, and are cartied off in a few hours. An Engineer officer named Walker died a day or two ago in less than 24 hours after he was taken ill. You' will have heard that General BarnarI died of cholera on the 5th inst General Reed now con- mnands the force; he is, however, an old man, and very sickly, so that most of the duty devolves upon Brigadier Chamberlain, who is considered a very good officor. Oar strength at present cousists of about 5,000 effective men, of whom 2600 are English infantry, 1,000 native infantry (Sikhs and Ghoorkas), and 1,500 cavalry3nd rtillery. The enemy is about 20,000 strong. It Is reported that there are 4,000 Europeans at Allyghur (60 miles from Delhi) under General Wheeler, on their way to reinforce us. Sir Patrick Grant is also on his way up to take the coipmand. As soon * The writer, Mr. Shepberd, is supposed, from the tenor of his letter, and his having gone oat as a " Chinaman" spy, to be an Enrasian clerk in Government employ, most lilcely in the treasuy. The rebel ILsjah he speaks of 1- " Neu," the adopted son of the late Peishfa, but not acknowledged by the British Government as his heir. The writer seems not to have b~een aware that General Sir H. Whecler waas mortally wounded (if not dead) before the 8urrender, else most probably such amender would never have been allowed by him. t An Ay sh, it is tonjectured, as reinforcements arrive I fancy we shall go In And take DelhL "July 16. "I had to go off on duty yesterday, So could not finish this letter. I was at work with 200 pioneers at our Inost advanced post, called the 'Ram Summy House,' About 700 yards from the walls of Delhi We could plainly distinguish the Pandies at work on their batteries, ad also watching us. They sent In severd shot very near us, but happily no one was wounded. Whenever we are work- ing inder fire a man Is stationed on the look-out, who, as| soor. as he sees the smoke of a gun from the city, calls out, ' Look out P when everybody immediately duckg down behind the nearest cover, and as soon as she shot has gone past up they get again and go on with their work. The most I disagreeable things are the shells, as after the smoke is seen it takes a minute or two before they reaoh the ground, and, as they come down vertically, it is impossible to get out of their way. Y You will see by the papers better than I can tel you the progress of the rebellion over all this part of India. Almost every native regiment that could has mutinied, in many cases murdering their officers. Daily accounts of some more regiments revolting come in, and, as they make for Delhi at once, the number of Pandies in the town is increasing every day. The only natlve regiments in which we put any faith are the Sikhs and tha Ghoorkas. Theee, how. ever, are famous fellows, fighting splendidly, sad even in some ces outdoing the Europeans. We had a very hrd fight on the 9thinst., lading almostthewholeday. We lost 258 killed and wounded. On the 14th our los wasu212, chiefly wounded. I have only just heard these retns; they are greater than I expeced. " Colonel Baird Smith is ourChief Engineer; he was sent for from Roorkee. Our streagth is upwards of 20 officers. We all live and mess together, in one of the unburnt bun. galowv, in cantonments. We are very fortunate in tis reapoct,aa everybody else in camp is under cmanvs, whi must be-rather unpleasant now that the raina have st in. Lately I have been out blowing up a good many bridges in the neighbourhood of the camp to prevent the Pandies getting into our rear. " On these expeditions a party of Sappers, eosortd by about 100 Sikbs and 60 nativ cavalry, go out to the bridge (generally from three to eight miles distant from the camp). a mnine is then dug In the pier of the bridge, two or thre barrels of powder put in, and then exploded, Thene eXPe. clitions are very pleasant, as the oountry about the anab is beautifully wooded, and It is a great relief to get out of camp for a short time. This, however, is provided it does not rain. Aboat a week ago I went out with a p1ty to blow up an aqueduct three miles distant. We started about 2 p.m., and returned about 12 at night drenched thrgh and thoroughly miserable, it having rained the whole time. Our tutn of duty comes on every 24 hours. We have 10 hours on duty and then 22 off The night duty Is tihe worst, It is so difficult to keep awake. At times your eyellds will close, however you yeay try to keep them open; and it is absolutely neessary to look after the men the whole time, as otherwise they ae certain to go off to aleep, avd then nothing is done. "We ae by no mens badly off in the living vmsy. having a very comfortable mee I don't dislike our mannor of life,-the only grief is being kept here by a lo o villainous mutineers. As soon, however, as reinforcements come up we sball pay them out in fine style. " P.8-The other day C-, of the 2dFuslleers, with his men, burst open the door of a house in which were a lot of Pandiea. C- 'as In fronit when the door gave way, and down he fell into the house with It. Lucky for him, Asa Pandy blazed away at him from the inside, bit the ball went over his head. G- then tried bis revolver at the mutineer, but it would not go off so he ran him through with his sword. His men then weat in and finished off the rest of the Pandies in the house. " The general opinion in camp is that we coul take Delhi by asault any day we like, but as it Is so lage oar al torce would not bq able to hold it. We are snug enough here, and are making our position stronger every day by COn* atructing new batterles." The following is from an Artillery officer:- "Camp, Delhi, July 25. "There is not much difference in the atate of affairs here since I ast wrote, and I wish I could siy the serne of other parts of the country-Oude and about there. We have heard but lame accounts, but In maxy places all the Europeans have been murdered indiscriminately. We have had eight or ten small engagements with the Pandies, but moet of them very unsatisfactory ones. It generally ends in our troops fnding themselves under the walls of the city and coming under the grape of their heavy guns. Oa the whole, I think at present we have lost 32 oficers eithekilled or died of cholera, whiLch ha carried off several lately-o_. -or-two -friends of mine, poor fellows-(it b a wretched graveyard to lie in) the yictims of these accursed traitors. Before long I hope Providence will aveuge the loes of some of our bravest and our best. The men I think look well, much more so than I have often seenthem look at this season of the year in cantonments, and I hope they wiU continue so; the excitement, of course, k-eeps them up, but they get very tired of this bush-fight. ing, the jungle Is so very thick that it Is most unsatis. factory- work, and they dread so being left behind, poor fellows; one or two have been unfortunately, and their heads are cut off and paraded through the city. We have got large reinforcements coming both from the north and south, and It is but a matter of time. They are falULg very short of caps, and thelr powder, which they are making themselves, is very inferior. We tooka lot of saltpetre, too, the other day, which will limit the quantity they used to make-viz., eight barrels per diem. I have not received your letters for the last three mails and am very anxiously looking out for them. I gave very particular instraction5 about forwarding them. I continue very well and jolly. Ihave left the heavy batteries, which was reaUy very heavy work, and am now with Tumner's troop of Horse Artillery. Wg take the picket duties, and I am on every third day nov., and ge' two in camp; but when here you cannot move about far-the alarm is constantly sounding, and we have to go out to our respoctive posts. We have the rains now, which makes it very pleasant, as the heat is very great in the day, and I don't know how often my hands and fa have beer. peeled. What a glorious campaign it wM be for those who live to fight it this next cold season, hunting down these wretches and exterminating them. At helum, Sealkote, and other places where they have bht lately mutinied the Sepoys have been nearly aU Cut up, and those that have escaped are gradnaUy being sent in from diffarent places to be hung. How weU this state of things has been foretold by Lord E1Uenborough and others; but how little we thought we should see it in our time ! In Oude a great many have been cut up, principally in the smaU out stations. But the communications are stil cut off; all our news from below comes through Bombay and Lahore, except now and then a cossed (or messenger) finds his way disguised as a fakeer from Agra, but their reports are very exaggerated. We ought to be allowed a year at home after this is over, but I fear we shan'tget it. We know of the China troops being on their way up, bat we can't ascertain where. I don't think anything decisive can be done for the next month. We could go into the city any time we liked with but little more loss than we have every time weget underthewaUs, but then what are we to do when we are there? We have not men enough to hold it and defend our camp here. They have latterly been trying hard to get at us again in the rear, but we have blown up aU their bridges, and effectually stopped them. My things have not come down here yet, but we are pretty comfortable. We all wear as much flannel as we can. I often amuse mysetE with sketching, but was stupid enough to leave my colours at Lahore. Gholab Singh is going to send us a lot of his rabble. I would much sooner be without them. However, they hate the Pandies. All our wounded are doing well. The greater part who can have gona t. Simlah, where I hope they will soon pick up. We are act. Ing now merely on the defensive, and fire as little as possible only now and then, to inducoe them to waste their ammu nition." The foUowing is an ent from a letter from a| Staff officer of rank in the Camp before Delhi, dated Jtily 26 - " Here, you see, we are still before Delhi, and no immediate prospect of our fiding ourselves inside the waill oi the city. Since I last wrote just the same kind of thing hba been going on as before; attacks on our position evezy third or fourtrt day or so, always terminating in the same result-the entire repulse and discomfiture of the enemy, and often with great loss, but never vithout a greater number of casualties on our side than with our small force we can well afford. The newsletters from the city describe the mutineers to be much disheartened at their constant want of success; and no doubt it maust be so, for their attacks of late have become mnuch more feeble, and a3 each day is adding to the strength of our defenoes, no fear whatever is felt of their being able to rnake any impreusion otn then. You will hardly be prepared, I dare say, at home to hear of our still remaining on the defensive, the besieged, in fact, instead of the besiegers; but so it has been I may say, from the day of our arrival here, and when the etrength of our little army is known people will be the less surprized to find such to be the case, It looks mighty well on paper-six regiments of Europeans, and four of native infantry (Sikbs and Ghoorkas), and I have no doubt the number is set down at 10,000 men, but the real etrength is probably inder 4,000-ay, 2,400 Europeans, and the remainder natives. I have not seen the returns lately, but I think I must be above the mark in saying we have 4,000 infantry. In artillery we are fortun t 1y tolerably well off, but in cavalry the enemy perhap; outnumber us by fire to one. It is as well tbat they are a most unenterprising set of sooundrels, the cavalry, or they might do us infinite damage in cutting of r our supplies, As it is, our rear is perfectly open, and sup_ plies are as plentiful and cheap as they would be in the best i iepulated cantonment4. You Vill ask impatiently wbat we &re going to do, and how long we are to remain in our pro. Feut position. I am not in the General's secret4, bat I fancy there is no doubt that we shall do nothing towards attaokiug the place until we receive considerable reinforoementg Matters aro in smch a distracted state below that though troops are known to have marched from AllAhabad on tke 4th of this month they may have so much to do at Cawupore, Luoknow, and elsewhere that we Ilmost give up the hope of their reaching us in reasonable tirne, and ve therefore look forward to the large foroe now on its way from tho Panjab to join u. All ought to be here about the 32th or 15th proximo, and then we sall bestrong enoug& to set to work in earnest with the wretched city, The troops coming down amount altogether to some 4,000 infautry, of whom about 1,400. are European and the rest Ghoorks and Sikha. There are also artillery and cavalry, and another siege train with icavier guns 'han we now have, ancl oar force wil on the whole very nearly be doubled, certainly so in infantry, in which we are now comparatively weakest. We have only to pray that siokness may not overtake us here before thene fresh troops arrive, and there Is every hope that it nray not be so, s the sickly eason seldom commonos here before the middle of September or later, -when the rains eave off At present there does notappear to be more ick. ness thnuthere wloold be wre the men quietly located in 'heir barracks, and several of the regiments, the com. manding officers idli me, are positively healthler than they probibly would be in cAntonments When once our fresh troops are here I should think a week ought to put US in posDasion Of tho city, and onoe iA t the Pal and Old Fort could not hold out a day. itt wib a great advantage oertinly if three or four European 2V raents joinus from below, but this I think is hardly to be expected, unless it is determined to abandon Luoknow aZA all the Country on the left bank of the Ganges-that Is, Bohn. cund and Oude. We should then have only Cawupore and Futtyghur to hold in any force, and all the troops not required for tho defenoe of thLese places might move up to us. By the latest accounts from Lucknow, but which are only up to the 2d July, all was right there, and Sir I. LAwrence had some 700 Europeans of Her MA. jests 32d, and part of the 84th, but he was "aost confined to the intrencbments he had made, and I should doubt, when all the mUtinous regiments of Oude gathered round him, his belng able to hold his own for many wedks Havelock, however, ought to be with him in good thni. The letest intelligence from him is of the 1lth, and he was then said to be on his march, and within 40 miles of Cawn. pore. The strength of his force is not mentioned, but I should doubt its being more than 2,000 infantry with perhaps nine guns and a very small party of cavalryquite sufficient, however, to thrash any force he u likely to mneet of the enemy. More European regiments mus, however, be on their way from Allahbad to join Ub6 The acounts we have from Cawnpore, Also, I am sorry to sky, from Futtyghur, re very bad; but they are merely the reports of natives, and we stil cling to the hope that they may not be true. They are to the effect thatat both places after holding out a very long time Against enormous odds, our small garrisons took to the river in boats, but were at. tacked there, overpowered, and nearly all killed. This new about Futtyghur only came in this morning, that about Cawnpore about a week ago; but you may imagine how defetive our communioation is when you heaf tht ft was upward& of three weeles before the intelligence of the Cawvpore catastrophe reached us. You will, probably, lea vid Cnlcutta exactly what has oecurred at thesm plaees, and sla9 much later news of Allahabed and of Haveloek' movements. Of our new Commander-in-Chief Pat Groat?s nroyenmutR we know literally nothing, but he ought, In my opinion, to come up country, and the Governor-G.ral too, for when we have disposed of D)elhl there wil be many atters of moment to settle that will be better done on the ;pqt, without the intervention of the coun%l, by the Goverjor.Geral andtheCommander-in-Chief. Thecounelwill beie uemployed in undoing the numerous absurd acts and reglaUtous they have been at work at for yr8 peLt After the capture of Delhi one short act disarming the whole of -the popultion in India would do more than anything else to insure its prosperity and preserve peace and quiet In the land. It was to this measure thAt Sir Charles Napier owed so much of his sucoess in quieting SCinde; but Lord Dalhousie was too proud to take a lesoon from him, and there were many that might have been takin to our great adarntage, and had Sir Charles been listned to regarding the magazine of Delhi our positioa in India would have been a very different one to rhat It now Is. There seems no end of the shot and shell they have in Delhi, and of guns, too, they have au unlimited number, but their powder is said to be expended. They make it, of course, but it is not so good as ours, and their stock of pereussion caps is reported as coming to a close. It is to he hoped that it is so, for these theynever ean manufacture, and their only plan will be to alter the locks for flints" THIE BATTLE AT JHELUML The following is a letter from an officer serving in the Punjab, " Camp Goojerat, July 15. "There has been a sad affair at Jhelum. Three companies of my regiment were sent down from Raoul Pindee, under Colonel Eflieo, with some Horse Artillery, to dis arm the 14th Native Infantry. " This regiment was drawn up on its owvn parade ground when our force arrived, and, seeing them approach, loaded, fired at their officers (luckily withoat effect), and bolted off to their barracks, guardhouses, &e Colone Ellice immediately gave the word to charge, which was done in gallant style, but our poor men were shot down right and left by the murderous fire of the Sepoys, who took advantage of their wover to fire without being themselves exposed; they were, bowvever, after some hard fighting, driven out of their position, and then made for a neighbouring village, where the coverwas equally advautageous for them. ThispositRon our men, asiisted by three guns, also drove them from, bnt with fearful sacrifice to our side, the Sepoys fightiag like fiends and disputing every inch of ground. They were at Ast put to flight, bat, having very fevr eavalry, and those bardly to bo trusted, they could not be pursued, and so those who were not killed eseaped into tbe jungle. Iregret to say that we lost one officer iu this affair, Captain Spring. Colonel EUice was dangerously wounded through the chest while gallantly leading the charge. Poor young Streathfield. the bravest of tho brave, got a baullet through both knees, smashing the right one to atoms and going through the other, The right leg was amputated at the thigh, and he is now pro. gresang, I hopo and trust, satisfactorily. Chiebester was shot through the left arm, but is doing well De Montmorency got off with a bullet through his trowsers, another shooting away his soabbard; but he was not hurt himself. Sam BUrnS ha3 his cheek grazed by a ball. The other officer, Captain Macpherson, got off scot free. The officers here named were the only ones present &hJhelnun at the time; I wasat Raoul Pindee, but as soon as thoenews arrived by telegraph reinforcements were sent down immediately, I among the number, but when we had gone half way to Jhelum an order camne recalling us, as the action ws all over; I however got leave to como on, and arrived the morning after. " Our loss in the 24th was 1 officer, 2 sergeants, and 23 men Idlled-3 offioers, 4 corparals, and 43 men woundodiA "PoorElclieis dreadfully wounded, having, in addition to the wound through his ebest, got a ball through his left leg; he, Streathfield, and Chichester, have been taken to a lage henos in Jhelum, where they are well taken care of. Government having offered a reward of 30 rupees per head (about 31.) for every fugitive Sepoy. W had the satisacron- of shooting 48 of them on the evening of tho 5th, and the following day we blow 25 away from the cannon's mouth. Tbe odds in numbers were dreadfuly against us, the Sepoys wore 702 in nrumber, andoar three companies only mastered 247 men. " I must tell you that the very day this saction took plaoe at Jhelum (the 7th of July) the other companies of my regimnat at Raoul Pindee. wero ordered to disarm the 58th Native Infantry ; but as soon as we took up our position on either idde of the Horse Artilery, ready to blaze into thoem in case of thoir refusing to give up their arms, thoy paused for a momoent, then took to their heels ancd boltod from the parade ground. Our men were with the greatest difficulty prevented by the offiors from firing, as alco the artillery. Had we fied, we should have doue so, right into a body of staff officors who were botwoen u The Sepoys, however, were induced to give up their arms pea bly, and when they were handed over to our mraine there were about 200 of them found to b3 loaded I Thak God, everything passed over without blood. shAd. I must, however, tell you what I am doing now Te three oompanies engaged at Jhelunm are now marching dew, under Colonel Brown, to intercept the 46th Native InfAntry and the 0th Light Cavalry, wbich have mutinied and bolted from Soealkote, after muirdering several officers and plundtrlng the houes. Our force consists of the threo OdImparios of my regiment, 200 Sikh soldiers (good men and true), 100 Irregulkr Borseo, and three Horso Ar. Malery guns, We are a very nice little force, and roady or any emergency. The mutineers we are after aro on ore aide ot the Iaveo, near Labore, and cnnok cross (n the other side of the river are the b21 (Queen's) Light Unfantry, so-e guns, and some Irregular troopc, under Colonel Nicholson; so if we a nnnot polish them offmost (ffectually it will be strAnge. I need not say what we have to undergo in marching during this trying weather, nothing to protec us from the burning rAys of the am but a fold ot canVas, and the hot winds blowing through it like a blast fromu a furnace. In an expedition of this natpre offiers and men all share alike, the only thing to bear us up being the eciterment and the hopes of encountering these marderous raffians, which may possibly happen abont the 20Th. *.. " I have not much more time to write, nor indeed could I goon much longer, as I am nearly done up with the heatlmegine me sitting, as I now am, in a suit of thin muslin, with a wet towel tied over my bead, and a fellow behind ma continually dropping cold water upon it. Colonel B., Dr. S., de 2L, and B. are lying l1 about the tent in smilar costume, gasping for brath and trying to sleep. Hlowever, nose of us complain, simply relieving ourselves from time to time by some mild imprecation upon niggers in general and on Sepoys In particular for the privations and sufferinp which they are the cause of, oMais k bo femps viendra, and in the meanwhile I plae my life in the hands of an Almighty Providence, in whom 1 have an un. bounded trust. Our hope is that EnglAnd wil not forget that her army now in India is actually keeping the country for her until reinforoements arrive, and that in doing so we are fighting like bulldogs, and undergoing with cheerfulaew privations and hardships which must be experlenoed to be described. I am dreafully in want of a revolver; no man is aafe here without one; all those that were disposable in the country havp been bought up. The Government at home Would confer a great benefit and a great boon upon those who have not revolven if they were to sanction an ise of them." BENARES. The following are extracts from a letter wrtten by a staff officor reoently at Dinapore. The dates ae as recent as the 3d of August- Bena"es, July 22. "As for news, it is no use mentioning what the papers will hbave, viz., that Havelock hus just destroyed Bitthoe;r and taken 13 more guns there, and Is en route to Lucnow, erdAeng the Ganges to-day. AUl the women were kldled by the Nena in batches, so many a-day. He violated all be eould first, and Dent the rest naked into his eamp for the men; at Jhanai they tied the husbands to trees while the usme atrocities were in proces, and tore the children 11mb by limb. They've made mothers ldl their owni chUdren, and tbat sort of thing. Poor old - (a civilian) was daintily stabbed on six bayonets, and carried round kicdking, and then killeL It Is as well to tell these thing, Which don't half come up to the untelable atrocities of the way in which ladies were tortured and exposed, because the more you all know in England the better, as for want of cavalry these wretches get very little cut:up now, and they must be puoashed afterwards in cold blood. They had stiff fighting at Cawanpore, the 78th mena howling in the most appalling manner on account of the women and children as they closed with the enemy. The Nena has gone to Humeerpore. Loyd, the collector there, was murdered. Clarke (J. T., the assistant surgeon) Is here; CockereU was kiled at Bands. They've discovered an attempt at a rising here, and got a 'nmahajun,' out oE whose house came 150 'tulwars,' &c., and also 'boned' four of the head 'budmashes.' We're clearing a spot at Raj Ghat, which is a natural fortification, and whence we shall get howitzers to command the eity. We shall have it all our own way now if Bombay keeps quiet, as the 5th Fusiloers and 37th are on the river, and will make Havelock strong enough for anything. He drives them like sheep as It is, but the punishment of these fiends is the thing that will take time; the Government is too mild, the authorities in Caloutt still potter and humbug. " The rising was a Mussulann plot, aided by the Brahmins; religion had nothing to do with it beyond their hatred for us Kaffi. The Nena was anlmated by personal pique. Government orders spoiled our regiments in making officers fools and men insolent. Government actually the last few yeas have been oonstautly asking the Sepoys to dictate to them, forbidding 'havildan' or 'naicks' being punished, allowing appeals against commauding officers' slightest punishments, and asldng the men. whose hair has been cut for 20 years, if seeing the Sikhb with long hair isn't likely to raie mutiny in their elegat boeems." " Auguti. " You'll see by tho papers that the Dlnapore brigade have mutinied; they are on the road at Sasseram. The whole thing was disgrcefully mismanaged, and - ought to be hung. After themen had shown a mutinous spirit be sentamessage thathewanted thoirpercusion caps, instead of sending the 10th Foot to disarm them. Penwick, commanding the 10th, pointed out the necessity, but the stupid incapable wouldn't sae The evil of it is, besides a few more murders in the district (that we're used to), that the troops that thould be reinforcing Havelock are now warted to clear the Grand Traunk Road and punish t;hee fellovs Havelock carries all before him, and has taken 64 guns already. Having only 1,500 with him. there will be a narrow thing of it to reinforce him iu time Humanly speaking, it he gets reinforced by the 5th and 90th soon, all will go well enough till you comf ortablo people at home send some 20,000; but if things go wrong in these parts and delay his reinforcements Agra will go yet. We disarmed the remnant of the 12th Irregulars here last night, and the wing of the 2r5th Native Infantry, just arrived, Is to be disarmed. The district here Is quiet, buS there are so maun mutineers between us and Calcutta and Oude-wards, that some sort of scrimmage in the neighbourhood is likely. Holues's corps of Irregulars mutinied and cut him and the doctor and their wives into bits This shows what bosh it is talking of paucity of officers, or want of soldierly knowledge on their part. Holmes's corps was acknowledged by all hands to have been the most perfect body of light horse in the world, and Holmes, like Poor Fisher, only lived for his men, and loved them-seo the result ! " It is an implacable hatred to us as a nation, the timid policy of a Government who tolerate and cherish idolatry and Miahomodaniem, and rather persecute their own religion, invariably disclaiming having any religion themselves, asking (by their aots) the natives to advance prejudices ani find grievances, degrading their officers, and talking of Black Acts and sending natives to Parliament and making civilians of them, the Commander-in-Chief taking 20 petitions a-day agalist commanding officers, begging the Jacks to find out that they ought to mutiny because their boards, shaved without a murmur for 40 years, are sllaved still. These things, pampering the Sopoys, and above all the breaking out of a long-ckerished Muesulman plot, are the real causes of this row, and if you'd hint the same to the editor of The Timns you'd be an useful member of society. Just heard that the loyal (!) brigade of Sepoys are making along the Ganges, leaving the roads open. If Lloyd does not mismanage and Havelock gets more men we shall go on swimmingly; nothing will prevent our final success, but thlings are very critical just Dnw. This station is the safest hi Lower India, I think; some rows may happen, but we are oue ot the safest positions in the country. We are masking no eid of fine entrenchments at Raj Ghat-it's the strongest natural position I ever sawr." " August 3. " Just come back- from Raj Ghat. Three 18-pounders and two 24-pounders just arriving from Chunar, and ditto and some mortars to come from Allahabad Wo have just heard very bad news. Havelock is obliged to suspend his advance. He say he has only 700 effective men left As it is impossible that he can be reinforeod from this side for a. fortnight it is a regular fix. Both his force and Lucknow look very fishy. It is the worst news we've had yet. If it had not been for General -'s fatuous idiotoy strong reinforcements wonld have been past Allahabad already. I really should not wonder if that Dinapore folly does not end by losing Lucknow, HIavelock, and Agra. Five or ix of the mutineers ct the Sikh corps here (the dril men) were discovered,"through the evidence of the Sikhs who remained faithful, to be in the Benares RajaW's service. A. oouxrt-martal is sitting now, and they will all hanged, no doubt. The R ajah has been intriguing, and is under surveillance. We reinforced Chunar last night; the fellows passed onr bungalow singing one of the most ringing English-soundlug choruses you could imagine. It drives one savage to think of -'s periUing Haveloek by his ldiotic belief in the three Sepoy corps ; they are now hemmed in by the detachment of the 5th Fusileersand two gUns who went to Baxar by steamer, landed and went down the road, and the 10th from Dinapore coming up; but whether they will not get away by a cross road which exista is, I fear, a probable contingency. They kiUed the collector of Arrab, and 50 SLkha who were his guard, Hero we shall be impregnable, worst come to the worst, but I am very anxious to know aboaS higher up. If they could only i kt Delhi Havelock might be relieved. More news just in. ThL detachment from Diapore came ontherbels. They-i., our fellows, bad no advance guard or flankers; thoy came suddenly ox a, wall; up jumped the Sepoys, ana blazed intothem. out of 300 two-thirds were horns-i&-COnb&b By this sueAen voley 80 were kiUed, and three efficers, aud the remaibing 100 barely got away with their wounded to a steamer. S omehow, nobdy knows how thebrutes had go eight guns; in Arrab, probably, hid there beforehand. They hasve murdered all the Europeans in Arrah , and the wcrst of it Is that the detachmont from Boxar wi fall into f;te trAp too, for there is no way of warning them. Have- lools will get no reinforcements and will be driven back. Fenrwick, of the 10th qmen's, has taken comm4nrA
T'H FORT OF AGBA. TO TEE EDITOR OF THEI TIMES. Sir,-As tho rumonrsrespecting tho safety of our country. men in Agra are of a gloomy character, and calculated to cause unnecessary and unfounded alarm to their relAtives and friends, 1 beg to place at your disposal positive information from that fort up to the 22d of July, received by the Marseilles portion of the mail yesterday, and contained in a letter from an officer of the Civil Service, holding a a high position at Agra. At that date the garrison were in good spirits and health, provisons and ammunition abundant. There wer6 no rumours of attacks from any quarters, nor the presence in the vicinity of Agra of any hostile force; but they were anxiously looking out for the arrival of reinforcementha As regards the strength of the fort and its capabilities of defence a lengthened residence and a thorough acquaintance with Agra enable me to add that there is no chance of their being overpowered, for the fort has guns of the heaviest calibre which completely command the city of Agra and all approaches by which assailants could attempt an attaek. The quarrels of the Sheeans and Sunnees during the Mohurrum Festival are far more likely to tend towards the peace of the garrison than to create alarm, for the towns. people of those persuasions will have enough to do to settle their own religious broils, without attempting an ineffectual attack against a force prepared on all sides to resist them. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. C NTUiION. Y crsaiUes, Sept. 17.
CHOLERA AND FAMUE AT SONSONALTE.-The following letterfrom the agent to Lloyd's at Sonsonate, Re. public of' Guatemala, has produced a very painful feeling in the city, and the suggestion contained therein will, it is to be hoped, be promptly carried out:-- Sonsonate, July 28, 1857.-Cholera is now raging throughout San Salvador. Already, a tenth of the population of the capital have fallen victims wbile inSonsonateup to this day some 650 have died. It was brought to this republic by the troops just returned from Nicaragua, first breaking ont on their extending through this unfortunate country. What is the more distressing Is the want of medical men, several cittes containing a poDulation of from 8,000 to 10,000 Indians and others bsingwithout medical men or even medicines. It is stated that the cholera is sutbiding bhut we dread a famine, which in these countries is a fearul visitation. Could not a subecription be gathered under the patronage of Lloyd's for the relief of the unfortunates ? [ am sure the merohants of London would contribate. I am dispensing medicines a, my own expense and bread every Saturday to a hoat of recipients, but I am obliged to send many away hungry and starving from want of the means of assisting them. In San Salvador (the capital) the dead bodies were placed in piles and burnt, the authorities not having had time to dig pits for their interment, while in other towns instances bave occurred where the bodies have been left in the cemeteries uncovered, to be devoured by the vultures, which are hovering over our heads from morning till night. Business, as a m#ter of course, is entirely suspended, and on passing through the streets one only encounters pale panic-stricken faces peering from the doors and windo ws, while the occasional ories from such families as have lost a relative are positively heartrending. That a famine will follow is certain; for, it being the rainy season, such is the dread of exposure dmringthe epidemic that the maize crop is rotting in the fields. The principal sufferers also are the Indians, who form the only field labourers; consequently the crops will not be gathered. I therefore knov of no occasion more worthy of the commiseration of tho Britislh public, and trust that steps will be taken to raise a subscription on behalf of these poor people. Tbe locusts in 1854 and 1855 and the Fhilbuster war of 1856 and 1857 have tended to accelerate the general misery. which the cholera Is now consunmmating in a most fearful manner. I have reported these circumstances to Her Iajeaty's Chargd d'AffAires In Gmatem,als and he wil by this mail communicate the fac to onr Government, I remain, Sir, your most obedient atrvasat, R, J, FOOvF, Lloyd'.i agetk"
M3UTTNY IN INDIA .-THfE RELIEF FUND. ETRI NOITTA %f A public meeting of the inhabitants, called by the Mayor, was held inthe committee.roomn of the Town-hallyesterday, to commence a subscription for the relief of those made destituto by the Indian revolt. There was a large and influential attendance. The Mayor, Mr. Ratcliff, presided; and among those present were Mr. Scholefleld, M.P., Mr. Spooner, MsfP., and thno Hon. and Rev. GP. 1A Yorke. After the Town Clerk had read several letters enclosing donations, The Hon. and Rev. G. M. YORKE said he felt that words were powerless to express the deep feelings which all must entertain at the present crisis regarding the horrible suffer. ings entailod upon onr felowr conntrymen in India. He ditd not believe that in the annals ot this or any otber country such miseries or snch cruelties could be traced. The resolntion he had to move contained an eexpression of their rympathy with their suffering fellow-countrymen, and no doubt this would afford some alleviation of their miseries - but he thought their motto on that occasion should be "Deeds, not words." (Hear.) Mr. SCHOLEMFULD, M. P., said he agreed with his hon. and rev. friend that that was not a time for words, but a time for deeds, and he owned that in touching on the sub. ject at all It was so oppressive that he knew not iri what words to describe the feeiings which he shared in common, he was sure, with every gentleman in the room. The Ac. counts which they read in the daily papers, frightful s they were, did not approach the trath. (Elear.) The authentio statements he had seen of the crimes committed by these in. furiated Sepoys, and the miseries endured by officers and civilians, their wives, and children, were something incredi. ble, something which was unparalleled in the annals of history. He did not believe that at any period of time, however uneivilized, or in any country, however barbarous, such atrocities had even been conceived, much less put in practice, as those which had marked the recent few months in India. (Hear.) He had seen letters describing the arrival in Calcutta of women and children deprived not only of every vestige of property, but of every friend and relative, and left so utterly destitute as to have to rely solely upon the bounty of those in CalcuttA and the prospective assistance of their countrymen at home. The one bright spot in all the accounts which had come home was the heroic courage, the patience in suffering, exhibited by our countryman. It was something to make one proud of the name of Englishman when they read letters from officers, subalterns, private soldiers, and even from ladies (who were among the bravest of the lot, as they were unquestionably the deepest and heaviest sufferers), ali bearing testimony to the fortitude and the courage with which they bore up against every disaste. There was no one who conld not limit his personal or home expenditure in somne way when so pressing a demand for aid came, and he (lMr. Scholefleld) hoped Birmingham would do its duty orn The reeolution was passed unanimously. The Rev. J. C. BA.Rtsvrr, in moving that a subscription be entered into, said he had no sympathy with those cold. hearted people who. before they could feel any emotion of benevolence and charity, must first sit down to canvass minutely the causes that might have led to this outbreak, or to discuss the propriety of the Government or the East India Company taking care of the sufferers, The very fact that these men, women, and children had been shedding their blood on our behalf ought to speak so eloquently that If EnfUshmen had any money in their purses they ooght as c heer aDy to pour it out as the blood of the rufferers and their relatives had been poured out for them. (Hear.) Would it not be well to have a meeting in the Town-hall, in order that the working classes might join in thin great movement? He was sure that, as in the case of the Patriotic Fund, it would have the hearty and earnest sup. port of those lases, lHe also hoped that within 48 hours the clergy woald make an unanimous appeal to their con. gregations. Mr. SPooNER, XLP., seconded the motion, but agreed with Mr. Barrett that a town's meeting ought to beheld and that the subscription should be postponed til this was done. If the subject was put fairly before a general meeting of the inhabitants the appeal would be more likely to command universal attention. A resolation was then adopted, appointing those present a committee io carry out the means of raising funds. The subscriptions handed in during the proceedings exoeeded 600 GREAT YARMOUTE. Yest y a meeting, convened by the Maycr (Mr. C. C. Aldred), who presided, was held in the Town-hall, for the prpose of considering the propriety of raising a fund for the relief of the sufferers in Iadia. The CHAnItiA read letters from the following persons, expressing regret at their being unable to attend the meetsng, and enclosing subscriptions towvards the fund :-Sir E. HLK Lacon, 201.; Gurney and Co., hankers, 251.; Mr. B. Doend 50. Mrs Vor3hiB.Dowovsoon, 261.; W. P. Doweon, 251. v T'he Rev. G. HLlS moved the following resolution*- "Tbat this meeting Is moved with Indignation and soromw at the atroctleswhich the mutineers In Iudis have inflicted on so many of Her Masesty's subjects, those eavages not sparing belpire women an ochildren; andthis meetlng deeply sympathizes with the safferer, and cannot but doubt that the lnhabitants of Yarmouth wi gire practica erpremdon of their feeUng by raising a fund for the eref of the nuimereus sufferers, many ot whom we left wholly de*itutea1 The Rev. J. S. RussELL seconded the resolution, which was agreed to unanimously A committee was appointed to receive subsoriptions. The snn of 2331. 14s. was subscribed in the room. TAMWORTH. At a public meeting of the Inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood, held in the Town-haU yesterday, pursuant toa requisition presented to the Mayor, Mr. E. B. Hamel, Mayor, in tho chair; It was moved by General I COURT REPINGTON, seconded by Mx. F. WILLINGTON, and resolved, "Tnat thi meeting exprees lta warmest sympathy with our labppy countemen adlm coxmtrYwomen in India, Reder the feartal su seris and privations which many of them hare been called upon to ondesre. Moved by Major BAvFaosD, seconded by Mr. JTzrNNMG, nd resolved, " That a subscription be entered Into for the relief of the suffere, and that r. James Mactaggart be requested to receive subscriptions t the bank." Moved by Mr. HANSO., seconded by Mr. B1tn1r, and resolved, "Thal the amount which may be nbscrlbed beo pd oeer by the ma¢or to the Cenrai Committee, or in such other anner as may seem best calculated to promote the object In view." DEVOIZPORT. A public payer meeting of all denminations took placo yesterday CFrnday) evening at the Guildhall, Devonport, and Mr. Watson, the MIayor, having received a requisition, ageneral meeting of the inhabitants will assemble on Tuesday, when the claims of the sufferers by the Indian rebellion wdll be taken into consideration. SHEFFIELD. The Mayor of Sheffield (Mr. J. W. Pye Smith) has called a speCal meeting of the Town CouncU for Mlonday next, to consider, among other tbings, " the propriety of setting on foot a town subscription in aid of the fund for relieving our suffering fellows-ubjects in the mutinous provinces of India." TAUNTON. The bailiffs of the borough (x. . R Parsons and Lieute. nant-Colonel Todd) have convened a meeting of the inha. bitants on Tuesday next, "for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the sufferers in the distressing events that hve occurred In India to many of our fellorw-countrymen, tteir wives, and families, and taking such steps al may be deemed oest for relieving their w ants." KS EWURY. The sufferings of the British people in India consequent upon the crnelties and atrocities perpetrated by the mutinous Sepoys have excited deep commisseration in this town. A private subscription was commenced a few days ago towards the Relief Fund which originated with the Lord Mayor of London, but it is now Intended that the town and neighbourhood should unite in an effort to obtain subscriptions for the relief of our suffering fellow-creatures. The Mayor (ir. Edward Wilson) has given notice of a publoimeeting, to be held in the Town-hall, in the afternoon of Thursday, the 24th inst., so that an opportunity might be afforded the farmers attending the market of being present to take p art in the proceedings, Already some liberal subscriptions have been promised, and tere is reason for behevingethat a sum wrill be raised here, fully equal, if not exceeding that forwvarded to the Patriotic Fund a few years ago.
OUR INDIrA1 ABRY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Since my communication to you of the 19th of August last relative to the employment of African troop: n India (which I believe was the firct suggestion made in your columns on that sabject), many letters have ppeared dvocating a plan for which there is a precedent in the case of Caffre soldiers having been once advantageously employed at Ceylon. The difficulty would be to obtain such soldiers n sufficient numbers to supply the required demand. In your number of the 15th of September, under the signature of " H. J. 31.," there is what appears to be an exoeLlent suggestion as to the feasibility of attaching a company of English soldiers to every native regiment in India. But would 100 Europeans be sufficient to control 900 Maho. medans and Hindoos, supposing the regiment to be 1,000 strong? and could not the two plans be combined, by having the flank companies of each native regiment composed-the Grenadiers of stout Englishmen, and the Light Company of stalwart and rcive Caffres, who, with proper training, would make the best light infantry in the world ? Should you deem this suggestion wortay of a pLac In your columns, it is perfectly at your serviOe. I have the honour to be. kA. BN W. j B1 kYin,Isle of Wight, Sept. 17. I - TI LATE MELA?CIOLY AccIDN AT DU-"& -On Thursday the funeral of the son and two daughters of the late Mr. William WilSon, who were drowned on Satur- I day last under 8ach distressing circumstuances at Dunbar, I I took place in the Grange Cemetery here. A speca train left Dunbar at 12 o'clock,and arrived here about 1, when the bodies were conveyed to the place of interment in three hearses, followed by six mourning coaches. Among the mourners were-Mr. James Wilson, of the Treaury, aud twoother brothers, slong -with the four surviving ons of the deeased. The melancholy corteyg attractednniversal attention and PyuippAby. Up to the departure of the train from Dunbar the f,bdy of Mr. Wilson had not been ?ecoverd.-JR4inburgh Daily BprX,
SIR HENBR LA WRENCE. (From the Friend of Jrdia.) Vivid, after the lapse of many years, will be the recollection of tha throng of emotions which have during the last few months suxceeded each other so rapidly. Long 'will the massacre at Meerut and the gallant defence of Lucknow live In the hearts of the Eulghsh people, when their power shall onoe gain havebecomeconsolidated, andafresh policy shall have led to far different results. Keenly will the memorialist of the second centenary of Plassey, when he sees himself surrounded by the tokens of western civilization, regret and yet admire the untimely death of Sir Henry Law. rence. Gladly will he pay a tribute to the memory of the brave man whose administration and by whose iniluence so much has been done for India. For msuny aear will his name be assoCated with Lucknow, ind-long wilitbe before the natives of India wipe from their race the stain of the blood of the Padificator of (the Punjab, the large-hearted, milbty-energied Lawrence. Rarely has it fallento the lot of any man to lead so eventful a life, and still rarer has a life been spent so entirely unselfishly in the service of the State. In 1842 Political Agent in Affghanistan, and in18l57 resident in Onde, his career has been glorious throughout. It is seldom that the anme man pomes abilites fitted both for tho forum and the camp; the calm gravity of the one is thought to be opposed to the dashing boldness of the other; but Sir Henry Law. rence sessed these opposite qualifications, and shone a brightly in the Sutlej campaign, in the battle of Bobraon, In the action of Chillianwalla, and in the military deence of Lucknow, as in Affghianstam or the Punjab. The news of his death has been a blow to the heart at a11. who have been long resident in India, and -the mews of his fall has ever been told with bated breath and moistened eye. The Englhh love- a brave man, and though they admire administrative capac genius or zuccessful dating heltt treble plauditaL Bltterly, then, will they lament the loss of a man who united in his own person these opposit qufications, and gret will be their anger that two &uch mnen as Sir H. Wheder and Sir Hfenry Lawrence ahould,ahee beeusacrifioed to that dulness which hfiled to, observe that as all the horizon was overcast ao the storm would be generaL And what have we received in exchange The lives of a few reprobate Hindoos and Mussulnans. ut we have no wish to increase that sorrow which must be felt among those who rule as well as among those who are bond to obey. If whole hecatombs of rebels could restore to life the brave men, the fair women, and the tender irnants who have been ruthleWiy slaughtered, gladly would our brave countrymen at Cawnpore 'and Delhi offer the sacrifice; bat when, weary with illmng, and satiated with a just retribn tion unsullied by cruelty, the melancholy truth is foroed on their recollections that all their efforts aro unable to efface the past, they re almost inclined to give npin despair. Bnt the like occurrences may be prevented for the future, and the Englsh empire in the East, which has ever prospered by resistance, wil, when watered by the blood of miscreants who have broken every tie of humanity, grow until its branches overshadow the continent of Asia, Sir Henry Lawrence first acquired distinction In the Affghan war, which, though disastrous in its crisis, was not fruitless in its issue, for it served to develope the talents of many of our officer The experience he then gained at the Court of RunjeetSinghenabledhin to write2lAie Adv-nturer in the Punjab, and thus he proved nother example of men of action being also men of thought for the work still remains the only anthentic account of he state of the Punab during the reign of that astute ruler Runjet SinMh. Sir tenry Uwrenoe, in oommon with all the other PoZiticals who nad been employed in Lord Aucland's fatuouar, for somne time neglected. But at length he was appointed by Lord Hardinge Resident at Nepaul During tis tine h wrote several articles for theicuu Rcvjo In one of them he traced by anticipation the subsequent course of events In the Puniab, and more particularly the then future policy of Gholab Singh, with the precision of a man who has learnt to use past events as the right clue to future oerences, Then in appearace he drew only froi his prejudices or imagnat(on; he in reality proceeded upon afirm basis. After Major Broadfoot was killed at erosesb Lawrenoe was sent to be Political Agent with the Governor-General, and in that capacity he rendered essential service to Lord Hardinge. When the regency was eata. blished in the PIanjab he was appointed Resident - and he executed that arduous office, under all the difficulties of the transition period, with remarkable ability and wisdom. Bnt ill-health compelled him in 1847to return to England for a year, andin tat peiod the troubles which resulted in an. other warcommenced. He returned by the Indus towitnes the assault on Mooltan, to behold the force extemporized by Edwardes, and then to hasten forward to the scene of action in the further valleys of the Punjab. When victory at Guzerat seoored us the country, be, on the 31st of March, 1849, was appoinred president of the Board of Administration for the P'nujab, and it was as the able administrator of the newly-annexed province that his talents shone conspicuous At the time when he, with his ooadjutors r. 0. G. Manse ,&ud Mr. John Lawrenco, entered nun the difficult task of "overnment, the different e Punjab, from the Beas to the Indus, bated every dynasty except their own, and regarded " the British as the worst because the most powerful of uTrper" And the British could hope to secure no love to their rule by the reduction of taxation, for, though the exactions of Runjeet Singh were smetimes severe, yet what he took with one hand he not unfrequently gave back with the other. Besides his rule was suited to tho people, and martl trimpils and annexed territories more than oothed them for the loss of sonse few comforts or the endurance of some harsh tyrannieg. The elements of future disturbances in addition *ere not wanting; there were the Afreedees and the Wuzerees, the Boedars and the UIsfzyes, whom an appearaneo of weakness or an impost unsuited to the character of the half subject race would have at once called to arms, No less than 100,000 men might have been arrayed by any false move aginst us, and their passions would have been inflamed by' prie'tridden fanatics and bigoted priests." Butowingtothegenius of Sir Henry Lawrenoe and the carefulsupervision of Lord Dalhousie no such outbreak occurred, and in the words of their first report,-" The frontier was guarded, State establishments were orgnnired, violent crimes were repressed, and prisons disci p lne enforced; cdvil jusce was equitably administered, taxation fixed, the revenue collected, commerce set free, *crnclture fostered, the national resources developed, and plans for future improvement projected." After some time nconsequence of diversities of opinion between himself Lord Daihusle, and Sir John Lawrence, he was removed from the Punjab and placed in Rajpootana. He left his favourite and honourable post without the slightest attempt to excit popular prejudice against those with whom he differed, and he departed amid the sorrow of a1 cluases of the public servants in his province. For it was Sir Henr Lawrence's happy talent to be able to stimulate to exertion by love and example rather than by fear, and to win the sympathy ad the personal regard of all who served under him. In Rajpootana, though out of sight, he was active and labonions,fulfillinghis dutiesnot for the sake of applause but unostentatiouly as a man bent on doing while he lived all the good in his power. He identified himself with the chiefs, and we doubt not that his memory will long be preserved by them with honour and veneration. A fewrmorths ago he was summoned to Oude, and there the critical and extraordinary circumstances of his position soon caUed into action hishighest powers; and his consummateskill, courage and fortitude attracted the notice of all India, and marked him out as the foremost man of this country. Had he been spared be would have doubtless lived to see other men again supersede him, and again the reign of routine in England would have so ught out for the chief rulers of this land noblemen of high poitical connexions, while he, the worthy successor of Clive, remained neglected. It is at all time pleIg to have aelimpac of the private relations of a man ahoinhis public character has achieved an eminent position. We love to know all about such men, and what would in other cases be unwarrantable prying becomes a tribute of respect The charities of Sir Henry Lawrence were probably more extensive than those of ny man in the countr and they were as judicious s un ostentatious. He dcd not shrink from publicty whenit was useful for the sake of example, and by this means he suceeded in establishing theLawrence Aylui for the children of European soldieras The late Lady Lawrence shared all his benevolence aud all his genius. Mis article in the Calcutta Review on 1" Woman in India" is descriptive of her character, and the large subscription that was raised for the Lawrence Asylum after her death was tho best tribute to her worth. We might go on to speak of his warm and generous temper, his candid and tender consideration for others, his mingled gentleness and resolution, and the loss his death ill be to India But it is needless. Doabtless the Lawrience Asylum will lose by the death of Its founder, but a generous publi will ta care that this noble institution shall ever reman a testimonial to the munificence of Sir Henry Lawrence. Bat we hope that in the capital of India, in Calcutta, some monument will be erected to his worth, and that England herself will do justice to his heroic services and his unspotted fame, The man who effected all this, the philanthropist and the warrior who secured to us the frnits of conquests, has passed away, mortally wounded ina a sortie aSainet cowards, the slaughterers of helpless women and children, and now fugitives from the avenging sword of Generals Havelook and NeUL The Commiseioner of Onde died, not before he hadbreathed into his little garrison somewhat of his own heroic spirit. Great actions are contagious, and gladly would they have died for him; but it was not so to be; henceforth they will live only for vengeance. A wound in the face, which in a state of mere perfect health might pro- bby have been treated with success, had proved fatal, and this noble and generous soldier has been taken away amid Unsverai 3amentation-taken away, we hope, before the news could have reached him that the Coutr of Directors had again passed him over in nominating a miiEtary member o the Supreme Council. Thus has a brave man, one who has ever striven to effect good in his day and generation, ana whose life wil be a bright example to future ages, gone to his rest. Probably he was slaughtered by the hands of those very men with whom he so touchingly expostulated on the 12th of lay. Who cannot hear himn addressing the traitors who failed him in his hour of need ! Who cannot picture him calling to the remembrance of the incipient mutineers their former gallant deeds! As his hezirt was without guile, so he suspected none. Appealing to their better natures, he said, 1any like myself have grown gray i your company, have been asocited with you from our boyhood, have shared in your compaigns, have participated in all your dangers, privations, and triumphs, in compound, in quarters, from the swamps of Burmah to the snows of BamoanWe axe all your frienas; our interests are inseparable; if your fac are blackened, so are ours; if any dishonour befalls you, do we not suffer 2" To the last he believed that the Sepoys had been misled by designing men, and it wa not until the lat sortie that he could, when he saw his soldiers traitorously joining the ranks of the insurgents, uge the depravity of the Asiatic. If the Sepoys of the Bth, 48th, and 71st Possessed one spark of military honour, they would now lay aown their arms, and by submitting to the death that awaits them in some measure atone for the heinousness of their guilt. Full of noble and affectionate feeling, heroic and enthurltastic as a soldier, ardent in his benevolence, unbiassedinhist liberality, a zealous etozdial friend, a man of stoLid learning, and Igreat experiene, writh the wisdom ot a powrerful bct siple mind, hashistory is more c rotjy of record thatha of ffrT. unxoOerSir JohnJfltnm. Theteyebohia rested upon the lustre of the fame of the stateisni or *he warrior, which has watched its growing progrew and bscanusi it at its meridian beight amid the honours and applaue of contemporary devotion, seldom becomes dazzled with its posthumous brightness. But the loss of Sir Henry Lawrence has left us to discover at leat what inferior enea have posts of higher influence, and how our country suffers from its neglect, under its despicable seniority system of its noblest, its loftiest Lnd its most illastrious song; thus his after fane will evon be 2reater than his living renown. It was his light that shed a lastre upon the administration, and now that it has been quenchod the darknegs will be perceptible,
ANOTHER ".rAO.W STE ELR TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIME8. Sir,-In yoarimPressionof to-day,'"J.O."paints adelight. ful portrit of the real English soldier. It Isa pieture from thelife, not a bit too flattering, not a bit too warinin eolour; ray, I know many a man " who rose from the rankIs that might have sat for it. Will you permit me to present a specimen to yonr readers ? In the corps -with which I served in the Crimea ws certin quattermaster, the bravest, strongest, heartit, most reAy brother.in-srms r ever met vith. On the'har. raming march frnm Old Fdrt to Balaklava this noble fellow ws alray6 volunteering to carry a portion of. the bagpge of aome faint, foot-sore oourade; when we reached theTlac of bivounc he might have been seen helping the poor Isub" or recOit, unnsed to "common things," to extemporize a ahakedown. To him begrimed Lords aud Honorables went for the loan of a hairbrash or piece of soap, and they were never sent away disuppointed, for - ws the most unselfish of human beings. Ho seemed to think of everybody before himself. If the surgeons required un. profeswional aid, who so eager to render assistance-to hold, |for instance, the haples wwretoh whose leg wasdoomed? If a wounded soldier wanted a letter written, whose nimble pen ao promptly placed at the hero's disposal? Btit fe was kindto all aroundhim (he was beloved by the rank and file beyond al of us), he was terrible to the enemy. Many a Muscovite bit the dust before his "Colt" and atoutly wielded aword. Who was this admirable Crichton? An Englishman of the middle clas, who had enlisted through love of adventure, and who, by virtue of a capital education and rare intelligence, had risen to be Sergeant-Major, and afterwards Quartermp.ster, of his battolion. With the latter g7ade,however, he has reached the coulminating point of his military creer. Unlike moat of the officers with whom he served this true gentleman has gained nothing-not the merest "atep"-by the Ruseun war. While young captains whose solity feat In the Crimea ws one battle, sometimes not even that, blaze with Erench and Bardini decoraaionz, Jack Steele the second has no foreign riband ; only a medal with four clasps glitters on that dauntless breast; and yet he went out with his battalion and came home with it, an'd wa never absent a day from work. whit a pity that he ws' only a Quartermaster I I send you the name of this exemplary soldier for your private information-modegt as he is brave I fear the pub. lIc4tion of it might annoy him. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, A 1?T1r.Tn nVVrfT% Army -ad (avy Club~ Sept. 18.
OFFICZBRS SA VED. TO THE EDITOR OF THE, TIMES. Sir,-Permitme to add the following information, In which three families are interested, to that furnished by Colonel3faitland in your paper of to-day, the more partlcu. hlAy a you have re-published from the Homeward Mail a At of those who have " perished," which includes the names of lnsign William Blunt Barwell, Lieutenant Montgomxery Hunter, and Surgeon Richard Henry Oakley. I rejoloe in the conviction that this information Is erroneous Both your little tabular statement and tho list in the Homeward Mail are derived from the Bombay Gazette Overland SuDecmar1, from which you have cortly trnsferred the table. The error Is at Bombay, and I think esily explained. In the same Gazete there is an account of the outbreak at Bareilly-which occurred on the 31st of May-in a letter from Allabad, in which letter the following psage occurs:. " On Sunday tho 31st (May) the troops at Bareilly broke out. Most of the officers of the 18th escaped. Lieutenant Hunter, Ensign Barwehl, and Dr. Oakeley, we believe, were killed." This 14 of course, erroneous, for we know that these three ofiers aped to Nyneo Tal, but the erroneous passage accounts for the erroneous tabular statement. But it may be urged the tabular shtement is headed "KFlled, &c., since July S0." This date, too, Is obviously an error; for, to say notning of some whose fAte Is uncertan, the death of Brigadier Brind occured on the 10th of July. I have very carully gone through every pargraph of the two ammasries of the Bombay T,mes and the Bombay Gazette, and in neither can be found any notice of any out bresk at Nynee Tal, nor of any action fought anywhere in which, by any posdbility, any one of the three parties n med can have been engaged and killed. We are therefore left to the alternative of concluding either that the statement Is erroneous, or that without any other intelligence than the tabular statement supplies,.these three offioers who esoaped together from Bareltly, have left Nynee Tal togther, fought together, and been killed together, without any reoord of any of the circumtances. The concludon Is obvious, that the report of these officers having perished must rest on no better foundation than the Allahbad letter, known to be the reverse of the fAct. I know that there Is a letter from Ensign Barwell, dated July 9, and bearing the; pot mark of the 10th, received by last mail. Your obedient servant. W. PETERS. 1, Cliftn-terroe, Brigbton, Sept. 18. * Aoerahlned at the office of the Homeward Mai.
YOLUNTBBRS FOB tyDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMIES. S}r,-I beliove I am representing a large clasm of the fighting power of England in calling your attention to the fact that there are thousands and thousands of young Britons who, stut of heart and strong of arm, are burning with desire to be led to fight their oountry's battles and be placed face to face with those insulters and destroyers of our lades and little children in Bengal, but who, slas I having been born ud educated as gentlemen, cannot enter the ranks; and, not being in possession of those mighty levers, interest and Influence, are too " poor" to procure commslsions, an are thus prevented from serving their coutry. Can no moasure be adopted by the country to avail itself of these dormant energies ? Are there no means 1 Might not a leglon of Englishmen be formed on the same tenms as the Foreign Legions during the last war-viz., for a stipulated period, with-promotion from the ranks and as handsome treatment as the German and Swiss Legions received at their dismissal. Surely, this petiton is a very modest one, proceeding as It does from Englishmen offering themselves to their ocnntry, to figh' for it and die for it, and begging to be aocepted on the rme term as were extended to foreigners. Niay, I will even go further, and venture to aasert that there are hundreds-I, for one-who are wllUing to place themselves at the disposal of Government, without bounty beforehand or the promise of a gratification afterwards, if it will only give us plenty of active service, a fair chance of distingniahing ourelves, and promotion acoording to maerit. It would be a great favour to many if yon give this a place in your columns. I was at Paris a week ago, and met there a party of three young countrymen who wero hurrying home to endeovour to procure employment in India, and who were as much at a loss as myself as to the means to attain their desire. An Austrian paper taunts ts with the want of that spirit which we have been woont so nobly to show forth on former occasions, and several other foreign publications have given utteranco to the liko reproaches. God knows, it is not the fault of thoso who would be the volunteers and have to fight; it is the want of those noble spirits who rear the standards and furnish the means I am, Sir, Your obedient servant. A YOUNG ENGLIBSRATh Munieh, Sept. 14.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES Sir,-My name (mit is often spelt in your law reports) aprs in The Times of to-day as counselfor a prisoner named iiofllnd, before Mr. Preudergast, yesterday, at the Old Bde{,y;and 2V7 Time,': report, rTfter decrbig at tinbtenjudge and connsel, ocde "ht;o acere, happily for the dignity o. justice, wrasesbrought to a I beg to say thatlI s not oonnsel inthe case in ques. ai-tio naore onfth "Plln",being evidenltly miaprinted for that of the oounsel who really appeared. Yonr correction of this mistake will n~nnh nllba_n oDodient servant ATr.! DmV;, 3, Crown-offiee.row, Temple, Sept, 18. The Right Hon. the Dowager Countess Nelson b1a very Sfneron*y oontributed the handeome suto of 1,000 towards se erection of a now church at Landford, in the rounty of Wilie, the old edco laving been taken down and removed in consequenoe ofYeneral diapidation, and Its afording,; ient aocomr atiou for the inabitant. The newr blulding is tqaord aeet room for 129 adultg and, 54 achool chUldren, the ^bation of tho parih being about 260. Tho estimated obiUswof the ediJioe ia 1,4901
THE CAMP AT CHALONS. The Mfoniewr of yeeterdsy publishes the follow. n"HALONS, SEPT. 17. "His PyYal Highnews the Dnke of Cambridge, accomDna died by Colonels Lord Burghersh, Clifton, and [aude, hi{ AJdes-do-Camp, arrived at the Camp this morning at half. paut IL "The Prinoo wa reeived at the kourmelon Station by General Floury, Aide-de-Camp and First Equerry of the Emperor, and waz etcorted by the aquadron of the Cent. (urdes of His Majety. " His Royal Highness wll remain a few days the guest of the Emperor, and will attend the great manceur wrhich will shortly take place. " General Lord Cardigrn hs also arrived at the Imrperi qurters on the invitation of HiS Majesty. 'During the day the Emperor and the Dake of Cam. bridge, accompanied by his Exoellency Mashal Vaillant and.Colonel Clifton, iited every part of tho camp. The Pnince was the object of marked oonIddergttou on the part of the troop.' TUNIS. On the 9th inst. the Bey of Tunis granted a constitution to his people founded upon the most liberal rnncip eL It was promulgated in the prosence o the Ulemas, the Ministers, the notables, and general ofilcers of the State, who, In the presence of all the foreign agents, the French Admiral, and the principal European inhabitants, took a aolemn oath to maintain it inviolate.
A USTRALIA. (BY ELiEC:IC TE1RABP.) PLYMOUTH, S=m. 18. The Norfolk, Captain George Coblnan, which sailed from Melbourne on the 5th of July, was in the Channel yesterday, and has landed passengers here. She brings 127,000 ounces of golddust, 8,000 sovereigns, a valuable cargo of oopper, black sand, tallow, and wattle bark, and 130 passengers, among whom is Captin Broadhurst, of the 40th Regiment. The Norfolk rounded Cape Eorn on the 28th of July, 23 days from Melbourne; crossed t.e line, where she experienoed calms, on the 31st of August and made the passage from the Azores to th&,Channel in four days. Outward voyage, 67 days; homeward, 74. She spoke Augut 13th, in 150.south, the Miles Barton, 49 days from Liverpool, with emigrants for Melbourne; and near the Fsll;and Islands the brig Globe, from the West Coast of America for Liverpool.
THE PURCHASB SYSTBM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMS. Sfr,-As you yourself and several others of your octem.. porarles have done me the honour of referrlng to me by name-some in approbation-others, I am sorry to see, in contempt-in the various observations which they have made on the report of the Conmissioners on Purchase, and on the evidenoe which Is appended to that report,-I beg you will find space for a few remarks which I desire to make in answer to the strictumas which have been passd upon the views which I advocate. It iD objected that I desire men to be selected for promotion in peace time on account of mere certificates of honour gained by them for high acoomplishments. As one writer facetiously observed,-I would promote Major Brains to the detriment of Aljor Biceps. Unless we adhere to a seniority system there must be some mode of promotion by selection. We now promote by selection, we select men who have money in preference to men who have none-the possession of money being a tangible fact; whereas the possession of merit, it is said, must remain a mere matter of opinion, in deciding upon which a commander-in-chief might err. The present Com. mender-in-Chief and the present Minister of War have indeed both told the eommissioners that they would not venture to incur the responsibility of promotion by selection. Now, It appears to me that the possession of the various qualities which go to the composition of a good officer needs not remain a mere matter of opinion to the heads of the profession, if they will take the trouble which is taken in other countries to ascerain the reality of It. A regulated system of selection-promoting say 1-3d by selection, while the remainder of the army progress by seniority-obtains In other European armies, and there is no conceivable reason why it should aot succeed with us. Wbat we seek is a happy and perhaps rare combination of Brains and Blceps-a combination which may be ascertained by the examinations carried on at many military schools abroad, in which the physical qualities and accomplishments of a young offioer are weighed as carefully as his intellectual acquirements. To the persons who objeot to the opponents of purchase as mere theorists I would reply, that every improvement must be a theory until ik has been put into practioe. A man who has dined late all his life may tell the doctor, who advises him to dine at midday, that he dare not venture on the mere theory of being able to digest his food at an earlier hour. The fact that every other army in the world except our own mmrages to get on without purchase, and that the best portions of our army-the Engineers, the Artillery, and the Marines are perfectly effective without it-is surely a stroDg oorroboration of the theory which we seek to establish. That there are no advantages in the purchase system I donot asert. It would be difficult to conceive any system of promotion which would not have some. Promotion by cards, or dice, or lot, promotion by foot races, or wrestling, or pugilism, would all have some incontrovertible argumentg In their favour, and I verily believe they would have more than promotion by purchase has. Two witnesses of great weight, Colonel Claremont and the late General Sir Henry Barnard, have stated in their evidence that many French offioers of the highest, the very highest, rank, declared to them that they oonsidered our punrchase systet an excellent system; that to it we owed the superiority of our officers over the officers of the oontl. nental armies, and that we should be very wrong to abolish it. Evidence of this kind is very vague. The French are a very polite people; and it is probable that few French offlicers have ever atudied, or understand, the workidng of our purchase system. The names of the offioers who hAve given these opinions are withheld. And no French nrilitary writer that I have ever heard of has written a single word on the advantages of the purchase system As practised by the English, although, according to General Barnard aDd Colonel Claremont, their highest military authoritios admire it extremely in private. The main reason why I think that the purchase gyten ought to be abolished is that it deprives the nation of the services of so large a portion of the ablest and most ener getic classes of the oommunity. All the educated middle classes, all the lower clases above the lowest, avoid the army as a profesion, with very rare exceptions, or, at most, to contribute to it their dregs. Yet, in the military history of this oountry the middle clases have shown that they oontain as much oDurage, eonduct, and talent as any of tho other classes of society. Aooording to the admission of ll the chronicles, Bnglish and French, the Englfsh wchbrs won the battles of Crecy, Poictiers, and Agincourt. The French armies were then compo6ed of knight and serfs; the English oontFined a third elementthe middle class, before which everything went down. The case is reversed now. The French have a large-- perhaps, too large-middle class in their army, whie we have only gentlemen and labourers, answering to tLe knights and serfs of the French armiee in the olden time. Guizot used to say thbt if we ever again engaged ia a war with France we should be under a great disadvantage, because France could obtai an unlimited supply of educated offioers from her military bourgeoisie, while tho class from which we drav our officers would soon be exhausted; and his prediction was fully verified during the Crimean war. Witness the batches of ignorant schoolboYs we ent out, utterly unfit for anymilitary duty, yek necesarily exhausted immediately on landing with importaut military duties, involving the honour of their countrY and the lives of their countrymen. If the young yeomen who beat the French at Crecy, and the mercantile clerls who established our Indian empire, had been present in the rauks of our army, and eligible for promotion, the results would have been more satisfactoryz Itis chiefly to and through the ranks that the middle clas infuson is required. This will be the reel lever to raise the chater and efficiency of the army throughout all its grades, and the abolition of the purcha syatem sad the establishment of a system of promotion, according to professional qualifications and good service, I believe to be iadispensable for this purpose. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant. M. J. HIQGINS. 71, FAton-squ&rM SepL 17. APacHE&n'-nALL.-The following are the ~amuof te gsUemei wh p.sed teir ertmingioaigto uc!no an pactceof edcwe ad rcevedceti icae.t
HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. The idea of opening the Opera-house for two nights long after the close of the musical season was, in the first instanoe, a bold one, but, as it was attended with success last year, there was no reason why an appealeshould not again be made to the stragglers who remain in London during this present September. Mademoiselle Piccolomini, Signor Giuglini, and the rest of the company having ahieved a triumphauttour throughtheprovinces, andbeing ontheirway to the continent vid this metropolis, were at hand for an experiment of the sort, and accordingly the great lyrical theatre was opened last night, and will be opened again to. night, for the redidue of musical connoisseurs. Last night Don Giovacnni was the opera; the house was literally crammed in every part, and narratives are current about the rejection of numerous perwons who essayed to obtain an entrance when space was no longer at oommand. The reduotion of prices adopted on these extra ocCasions brings to the establishment a multi. tude that has not listened to the exquisite voice of Giuglini or been fascinated by the vivacity of Picoolomini during the fashionable months, and consequently there was a freshness last night in the oft-repeated applause that must have been highly gratifying to the ears of the artists.
HAYMAKBET THEATRE. The performance of Lady Teazle by mrs. Cstherine Sinclair will doubtless enhance that lady in the estimation of the London public. For Beatrice, and indeed for Shakspearian h,Araoters generally, a oertain degree of force is required, for whioh no amount of intelligence can fully compensate, and hence we may question the soundness of the judgment by which a part so arduous was seleoted for the arst appearance of our Transatlantio guest. Eler Lady Teazle is a very satisfactozy impersonation. Not only does she evidently appreciate, but she gives due effect to the sparkcling points of the dialogne, wbich, representing a lighter social atmosphere than the pleasantries of the Elizabethan period, are more within the grasp of an artist who has b^en rather trained in high society than in the traditional usages of the stage. H1er manner is easy, her gaiety unaffected, and, what is a most important consideration) her face exactly suits the powdered hair with which Lady Teazle is now endowed, in conformity with the fashion of 1777. To look the character better would be impossible. Altogether the School for Scandal is very pleasantly acted by the Hayrarket company, and is, moreover, exceedlngly well put upon the stage, the precedent established by Madame Vestris when she produced the piece, with appro. priate costume, at Covent-garden being followed in the dresses and the arrangement of the groups. Twenty years ago the smart drawing-room, with the whiet-players as a back-ground to the scandalmongers in front, was utterly unknown. It is now an established soene.
B1IGADIER-GENBRAL JACOB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I observe a small paragraph in The Times of this morniDg in which some confusion is made with the names of two Indian officers, and intimating that BrigadierGeneral Jacob, now commanding the troops at Bushire, is not the same officer who was formerly in command of the Soinde Irregular Horse. May I be permitted to state that the officer in command at Bushiro is Brigadier-General John Jacob, the late Commandant of the Scinde Horse; and that George Le Grand Jacob has tho rank of Lieutenant. Colonel, and commanded the " light Battalion " during the campaign in Persia? This latter officer zeturned to Bombay some time ago. I have the honour to be. Sir. vour obedipnt qn--i HENRY LONG JACOB. Bridgwter, Sept. 17.
The Chancellor of the Exchequeracknowledges the receipt of bank-notes value 1,3501. from a large public company in payment of the amount deficient in income-tax returned. THrE CORPORATION OF NonTrT SIIELDS.-Ol Wednesday afternoon the collectors of the income-tax for this district proceeded to a public sale of the fnrniture of the baths and washhouses belonging to the corporation. The seizure, as has been previously stated in Tlhe Times, was made on account of a reassessment of income-tax to make good the defalcations of a former colleotor. At the commencement of the sale a large concourse had assemibled in the auction-room; and the aactioneer was greeted with a storm of yells, hootings, and cries of " Shame !" The town-clerk attended and, on the part of the corporation, entered a protest against the proceedings. The fznctionary of the hammer, however, persisted in putting up several articles to competition, but only one bidder against the corporation appeared, in the person of one of the bailiffs. A perfect tumult ensued, and all further attenints to bid against the corporation were speedily abandoned. Tables, chairs, carpets, &o., were knocked down at Id. each; patent mangle at 6d.-the entire tum realized upon above 1001. worth of goods being only 12. Os. 8d. ! The auctioneer and his assistants were yelled off the premises. Fortunately this extraordinary scene closed without any personal violence.-N2Vicastde Chronicle. FEARFUL CATASTROPHE IN A FARMYABD.-On Wednesday morning a steam-thrmshing machine was at work in the middle of the stackyard of Mr. David Goundrill, of Metba,n, near Howden, Yorkshire, when the bailer attached to the machine suddenly burst. The engineer was killed on the spot, and three other men were very severely scaldedcandbruised. A portion of the machine,weighinl 12 cwt., was throwvn a distance of 80 yards, and the 'dywheel alighted on the top of a high stack of wheat. The botcinde.s were sent flying in all directions, so that five co-n stacks andsore straw stacks wore on fi s in a fewn minutes, and wereafterwards entirely destroyed. A fire engine, belonging to the Leeds and Yorkshire Insurance Company, was despatched from HIowden immediately un an alarm being given, and by energetic exertions on the part of the fire brigad'e a haystack and two wheat etscks, containing 20 1quarters each, were saved, and also th thrashing machine sbed, ad joining She barn, whbichhad taken fire. Mr. Gound- ill is insured in the Leeds and Yorkshire-offlce. The damlage has been estimated at 500l. BRISTOL SMG R-MARKET, Friday, Sept. 18.- There is a better demand fromn the arooers, which hen been met by importers at very reasonable prices. A fair busiiness has beeA done at a reduction from the highest point in June of about 10s. per. ¢wt., at which price the market seeas inclined to settle down. Present rates enable the retailers to seU best quality raw at 6d. per lb., and leave a fair profit for dealers, so that increasoed consumption may be fairly expected. Refiners' goods steady and rather scaroer. JAdvertisement}maps of India, &., published by 1 ward St3utford, 6, Utnarigcron s :-I. Stanford's New Speci &I nf tbe Revolted Disttlts of Britihb Inni; comprising the NorthWest Provtnses. the Puniab, Upper BenwaI, sd the St'4Sea of Coetral IudiP, Including the localieseo theSetpoyu.suBmrctIoansbeowtegthe RaUwas, MIitarp an¢d Poat-o-ce Stationas, N. PAce, o sabhet ooloured I set folded, 2s. i.: ts cawemounted lS 2. %Delhiarmoad euvfronu j Sheet coionmed 16.; case 2. 6a 3.eW 'af.sMap fIuci, two large sheet', cel ured. pri&. IS6. 6d. * mountt'd ic. ;: roUer amshedl, :Si61. &i. 4eu,i rSisho of ty5 Ku th the ( Left corrctlens, and erhiblsins by She mode ot colourng t ho Britjgh Teritorer. tIp' 8ub&'Il,ry, Tribstery, sod Iedejendest tys>,tea t>loured aud fold'te& toe is ome, a' Leondon,Edwrard Ste 'ifoMt, e (hnang. X,03r -9 LZ Ce fiRlCS,ba4agwiC
COURBT of BANKRUPTCY, B aUw & 1S. IN RE COLONE!L WILLIAM PET= WA(.L (Before Mr. Coinmissiontr HOLROYD. The bankrupt was a director of the London and Eastern Banking Corporation. This waz an adjourned examination meeting. Mr. LUwsR ox (for the bankrupt) said he was atif anffering from illness and wable to attend in London for the purpoeo of surrndering to his bankruptcy, and put in the iubjoined documents in confirmation of his sttement- "I, Wtlmam 1etre Waugh, iake at, and see that I a. stil suffer. IDg from the same diseaSe swom to in my last aMdafltd and swomu to in the certifioate o; Dr. Pexondl cblef pDhsdscn in asrBelueg: and 'bat the lest exeiteoent is dangrous to me in my present state, so that I am utterly unable to appear in bondon. Dated Sept. 2; 1857 " "San LuCas Spin Sept. 3,1S57 It g6iTe me great dites to be obiged to inform you that my hesbawd's health is stlt in a yery preorfios state. He suffers great pain in the region of the beazt andIs Shogetber ow weak PA t render It Imporgible for him to undergo the anxiety of a public examitiaten in london, and thix to the opinio on al the medicsl men who have teen hin. I beg to remain M., " A-Y MURZ&Y WAITGI" The only course under the clrcumstnces was an adjoturn znent, and whether that adjonrnment should be to a fixed day or sine die was for the decaioor of the CoQurt. It seemed to him (M.r Lawrance) that an adjournment sine dic would be the best course, as avoiding expense, becatlso no time was specified in the docuLments put in at which It was likelr that the bankrupt could appear. Protection would, of couxse, be granted for a limited period on the understaunding that it would not be further allowed. Mr. LINKLAT RM-I appear on behalf of the assignees. Imust really, on their behalf, object to a further contin. ancc of these adjournment5. The bankruptcy took place in April last, and Colonel Wauglx hae not yet surrenderid Ii appears that the bankrupt is now at San Lucar, and even if he be in the state of health alleged it does not follow at all from the physician's certificate that the bankrupt's state of headth has been such as to precltxde him undertaking the ourney by easy stages, and I reallytbink very little effort has been shown on the bankrupt's part to conform himself asthebankruptlawrequires. If, however, your Honour thinks it reasonable that a further adjournment ehould be accorded to the bankrupt, the aignees will be content, buti I must, on their bel, object to snch adjournment boing of longer duration than one month from this tfme, ana I should wish the Court to intimate its opinion that it would then refuse to adjourn the matter any further unless it were then satisfied that the bankrupt had made much more energetic efforts than he yet appears to have done to appear before the Court and surrender to his bankruptcy. I may mention that we are on behalf of the assignees investi. sating the accounts of Colonel Waugh with the London and aster Bank, and the bankrupt's attendance here is manifestly most important. Mr. L,waisAAx said his friend laboured nuder a misapprehension with respect to evidence. Mr. Commissioner Evans had dedded that the evidence wras sificent. The CO03sSSIONEL-If the aignees desire an adjourn. ment to a day certain, I cannot refuse that order. There mugt be an understanding, howveer, that a very strong affidavit will have to be produced upon another application, -not an affidavit merely stating thatexcitement would be dangerous, but that the bankrupt's illness is such as would prevent him from coming to this country. Mr. LkwiRtACE said he was confident that Mr. Linklater would, in the case of an examination, pursue the investigation with feelivgs of consideration for the bankrupt's past position, altheugh he was now a fallen man. Ris client wras at the mercy of the Court a;nd his creditors, and he could not complain of any conditon thati might be imposed npon him. tr. LINRLAWis suggested the naming of a day certain, with an intimation that no further time would be given or further protection granted. An ajourent for a month would meeb the wishes of the aignecs Mr. L4WRA.YcE.-Ten days will be consumed in communication. The adjournment should be for a longer period to be of any Use. The CoMBissiol'xER.-Make It two months. Mr. L&wRsA;SCE asked whether the assinees would think it proper to send out interoatoee in case they should require any particular information. The banktupt could be examined before the British OonsAL MIr. LlxATER.-Such a course would not be a very convenient one, and it would occulon considerable expense. If any pressing question should oour to him he would convev i't by letter. lr LA1vtAicCX said he should be happy to forward any letters of the kind referred to. A proof was then tendered by Mr. Linklater on behalf of Miss Jane Clarke, of 170, Regent-street, for 1,8541., the balance of a millinery account. o renderthis claim fully intelligible to the general reader it must be stAted that in July, 180, the bankupt married Mrs. Carew. That lady had a settlemeatof 600. a-year oat of thelBeddingtox estate, and she has a daughter by her first hesbaAnd, who in the year 18S5 married Sir Charles Robert Plgot. The millinery bill of Miss Clarke arises thuls -The account commences in Febreary, 1850, a few months onl? before Mrs. Carew becameMrs. Waugh. From that perod to Deember, 1855, the amount of millinery furnishd to Mrs. Waunh was 1,2601. 12s. 5d., arnd the payments on account were 100 in Novemb7er, 1851; 160I. in April, 1852; 100?. InApril, 18i3; 2501. ih August, 1855 ; and 300oo in July, 1856 ; total, 900?., leaving a balarnce of 36. 12s. 5id. as carried to the account of Mrs. Wiugh. Fromt December, 1855, to Febtuary, 1856, tbe amount sup p lied to Mrs. Waugh winw 1.4937 8s. 0id., w7'sich, with 360?. 12s. 5d, the balanceof account, makes 1,8547. Os. Gad., the amount of the proof now tetndered, The first account includes the following items :-Spnish cap cleaned, made, and trimmed with dditionid lace 11 lSs - black silk cassawick, 71. 7s.; one pocket-hand kerchief. 4!7 4s.; one ditto, 1t. 5s.; a pair of hair.bands, 11. 5s. ; deep black lace added to mantle, 51; enamelled bracelet, 41. 4g. ; another ditto, 31. 3s; black glace mantle, 71. 17s. 6d. ; head-dress with pearls, 31. s.; point-laos bonnet, with emerald flowers, 12 12s.; white moire antique dress, 121. 12s.; Brussels lace veil, 151. Sa. tto head. dress, 71. 17e. 6d. ; gros de Naples dress, 91 19. 6d sprigged muslin slip, 111. lis. ; jaconct embroidered dress 8? Is. 6d.; marsella waistcoat, 18s; siA real turquoise buttons, 31; drab and blue ohine dress, 81.18. Gd. dress and waistcoat, 7?. 7s ; coloured musli dress, 4!. 4s.; white ditto, 31. 3s.; moire antique dress, 111 Os 6d. French lace mantiWa, 71. 7s. ; three lace chemisettes 5? 3s. black and white chin¢ silk- dress, 8? & Chantiljy veil, 41. 14s. 6d.; six richly embroidered lace coilars, 151. pink cap, 31. 3s.; ditto, 2. 12. 6d. pair of turquoise pins, 6?. 6s.; plaited lare chemisette, 11. Gd; l 'lounces CZ. 6s; psach moire dress, 101.ls; ten butaons, 51 Lace cap with pink riband, L i5s,; pair of lace sleeves, 31. 39.; pair Lisle ditto, 2?. 12s d.; wh;ite lace mantills, 61. 16s. Gd.; poplin dress, 61. 16s. 6d.; three bouquets of white poppet and velvet, 21. 2s.; thiee lilac ditto, 21. 2s-; two pair of corsets and laces, 41 10s 6. - drab bonnet with green velvet, 31. 3s.; jackat trimmed With lace, 41. 14s. 6d.; Brussels lace head-dress, with flowers, 51 5s. ; a green and white Court dress, with blonde pearls, ribands, &c., 11. 5s.; feathere, 31. 13s. 6d.; barege dress, with slUk fringe, &c., 91. 19s 6d.; pearl buttons, 24s. ; striped silk dress, with fringe, &c., 91. 19g. 6d.; black glace jacket, with ribands, 51. 15s. 6d.; a collar, 31. 13s. 6d.; b&rege dress, 8. ls. 6d.; silk dress, 12. 12s; lace headdress, with roses and sweet peas, 1. 9gG 6d. vandyke cellar, 11. 5s.; French cambric dress, 81. 18s. Gd. em. broidered bandkerchief, 51v 5e; embroidered India dress, 81. 18s. 6d.; drab cambric ditto, 71. 7s. ; lace chemisette, 31.; another white dress, 81. 8s.; another moire antique ditto, 121. 12s.; black lace something, with mosaic fastenings, 51. 8s.; mantle to suit ditto, i1L. lsg; embroidered sleeves, 21. 12s. 6d. ; embroidered collar, 31. 3s.; another poplin dress, 101. lO.; Maltese lace, 31. 19g,; another poplin dress, 10?. ios.; a rich black velvet dress, with Maltese lace and fringe, 28. 4s. ; brown muslin dress, with flounces and fringe. 17?. 17s. ; velret dress, trimmed With real black lace and ribands, 91. 8g. 6d.; pair of Mechlin lace sleeves, Sl. 8&.; lappet, with roses and pendents, 31. 3s.; Cashmere cloak, with velvet, 71. 7s.; lace, roses, and velvet, 41. 18s.; lace lappet, with pomegranates and bouquets, 41. 4s.; point lace parasol, 10?. Jos. ; point lace cap, vith silver and peach,51.15.6d.; a hoop,11.; another moire antique dress, 131. 13?.; blue ditto, 111. ls.; 24 shell buttons, 31. making brown bardge dress witb flounces, glaed slip: niband, tulle, and fringe, 61?.; lace Spanish mantila, 12? 12s; pink and violet wreatb, 11.8s. ; black lace bonnet, with poppies, 31. 3s.; blue lace ditto, with violets, 3t lOs. another dress, 13?. 13s. ; another ditto, with pearls, bugles and tulle, 113? l6s,.; blonde headdress, with roses, 21. 18s.; lace lappet, Nith ribands and pearls, 24 2s,; blonde head. dress, with gold and white roses, 41.; another, with other roses, 2?. l8s. drab and peach muslin lappet, slip, riband, and petticoat, 12t. 19s. 9d.; muslin dress, with lace, &c., 141. Os. 9d.; another dress, 161. 16s. ; point lace cap 31. 13s. 6d.; black glace jacket, Jet buttonn and lace 51. 15s. 6d.; black velvet ditto, 101. 10s; a bearsskin cloak, 71. 7s. ; bonnet, with blue violets, 31. ; another velvet jacket, 61. 6s, ; another violet bonnet, 4?. 4s. ; another moire sntique dress, with extra moire velvet and riband trimmings, 18?. 18s. The account fromn Jantary, 18f56, to February, 1857, consists principally of a trousseau for Miss Carew on the occasion of her marriage with Sir Charles Pigot. It includes a white glsc6 ball dress, with blonde, silver and blue, 18?.; wreath of blue asalea^^nd silver, 21. 2s.; flowers andstrings to bonnet. 1?. is.; bonnet, with white and pansies, 3t. 1n ,Gd,; wireath, trimmings, and roses, 61. 6C. glac6 train, 25 18g. s 3d. ; Court headdress, with Iod wreath and feathers~, 5?. 15s. Gd.;- dressin four dolls, 121. 12s. ; another Court dress s with gold and white lace train, and brocaded gold, F51 lOs. ; additional flounces, gold, and roses, 21. 3s. ; point lace cap, lilaand pearls, 111. 11s. ; making train into a dress, witb pearls &c., l. 11s. ; making second train into ditto, 111. 9s. - pair of lappets, 81. Ss. ; point lace, 101. 10s. ; green brocaded moire antique dress, with pink ribands and tassels, 191. 19s.; glac6 mantle, with real lace, 121. 12. ; a point lace parasol, 18?. 18s. ; a Venice point flounce, 841., a rose nt bonnet, 141. 14s.; point lace trimningd for velvet dress, 361. 1s. nine yards Brussels lace and flonngs 281. 14s. ditto, 311. 10s. ; blacklace ditto, 31 1.B *. ditto, 311. 10s.; Brussels lace bonnet, 61 Ig 6d. another moire antique dress, 121. 12s. ; another ditto, 11. 16s. ; another ditto, 151. 165.; pink glace dress, tulle: with pearl fringe. &c., 17? 17s.; another moire antique dress, 141. 148. another ditto, with pearl drops, 201 ; 'wreath of lilies, 21. 2s.; ditto of pink flowers, 1?. 1Os.; morming dress, flounces, &c., 141. 14s.; gresa glao6 dress, with ielvet fringe, 191. ; another dress, with pearls, &a., 121. 12s. another with beads, be., 161. ; another with green velvet and pearl buttons, 271.; white embroidered dress, 141. 14s. crystalized glaci dress with orange blossoms and pearl, 212; violet glacd dress with taseels, 161. 16s. ; white muslin dress with lace, &c., 221.; silver dress with Malteselams. 131. 13sn headdress-scarlet, velvet, and ivy, 21. 18s.; ditto, with vine leaves, &c., 2. 1:2.; black velvet cloak, 1;iI; blue velvet jacket with lace, 121. 12se ; pink jacket with gold embroidery, 111.; chemieette and sleevea of Iudia uslitn, 41.12s.6d.; another morning dress;91. 19s. 6d.; braid and eash, 61. lOs.; evening dress, 2(?. ; nnder the head of " -bcdesmnaid" are the following ergies-"'.Black velvet, sadle trimmings, 731. lOs. ; mantle, 161. 16g. ; white glacia-eelng dress, tulle, stiff not embroideru,d bRunde and A* ,l =11 11s.; 3i Venice point trimmings lace, c&., 131. 2s. 6d.; covering p&rasol handle with bce and silk, 121. 12g.; 'white glare ditto, with French lWce, 1OL 10g.-total, 2031., for brides. maid. There are further items :-White blonde inantiUa, 151. is. ; white tiny bornnet with sapphire and lace veil, 51. 15. 6d.; wreath of orange flowere, 3C 3s. * wrethof rows, j 21. 2g. ; linsey wolsey cloak, 51- black h.t, it. ; anothor tia bonnet, with gold and flowers 21 12. 64.; 35 ladie' favours, 71. 17L 6d.; 36 gentlemen's ditto, 71. 17s. 6d.; three children's favours, 12g.; bridesmaid's ditto, 24 lOs.' 20 white ribands and flowers, 21. ; two pairs of white kid gloveg with orange blossoma, 13s.,; blue bonnet, with Chlese lace, flowers, and pearl, 31. 3g. ; pint lxce crown, mxreaeite starsand green rosettes, 5L ,.; spring hoop, d, 2s. ; trimmingcap with Eagenie blue, 11. 5. ; makiug velvet dress, sdlk ings, tassels, and lac, 101. 5s. ; black dres with cripe, ko., 171. ls. ; ditto, lL. 15s. 6d. ; dlitto, 141 0. Od.; ditto, 231. 13. 6d3. Mr. LINKLATEP said questions arose whether MIfs Waugh and Sir Charles Pigot could not be held liable to pay this blU for millinery. Mrs. Waugh had the settlement. The dress was for herself and daughter, Miss Carew. The wedding trouweau, he wa3 informed, was chrged at somewhere about 1,2001., and it would have to be decided whether-the bankrupt's estate was liable for the amount, The best course would be to allow the amount to be entered at present as a claim only. The CouRT concurred. Among the proofe allowed is one of 1,607L for jewelry. There is also a claim against the estate of 45 guineas for only one month's boxes (July 1856), at Her Majesty's and the Baymarket, Adelpbi, *ndi Olynpic Theatres, Some of the tems In the 1,5071. bill for jewelry are as remarkable an those contained in the bill for millinery. HiS RONOtuR named the l19th of November, at 1, for the adjourned sittbng.
BAILWAY MIS&AAyG_MBVT. TO THE RDITOR OF THB TIMES. Sir,-Whea a man has a grievance for which he cannot otherwise obtain redress he writes to T7e Timm, and by the publicity given to his complaint in that widely-diseeminated journal be is enabled very frequently to reach offenders and remedy offeuces which are not to be got at in any other way. Railway directorg are of this class; they set the individnal at defiAnce, but are obliged to bow to the power of the pres. I bave a railway grievance to complain of-another item to add to the catalogue of delays and dis. agreeables to which paengers are exposed on our iron. ways. I and two friends yeserday booked ourselves at Leominster, on the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway, throughout to Cheltenham, to arrive there at 6 30 p.m., having an engagement there at 7 o'clock. The train was due at Leominster at 4 p.m., but we were detained there for 20 minutes after that time. On our arrival at Hereford we changed for the Great Western line, but in consequence of our being considerably behind our time the Great Western train to Chdtenham had started, and we were informed that the next train was at 8 15, giving us an interval of three tours to wait aboRt the station and " chew the cud of bitter fancy." We complained, of course to the officials, but were told that delays on that line (the Shrewsbury nd Hereford) were not unoommon, they were rather the rule than the exception (to myself it has happened twice within a short period), and that the only train to be depended on to keep Its time is the express But our troubles did not end bere, for when we appeared at the Hereford station at 815 we found something was wrong, and that we were doomed to a further delay. It came ont that the engine of a goods train had broken down somewhere on the line, our passenger engine (the only one at the station) had been sent to help the train in, and that we could not move until the engine retuarned. To conclude, we left Hereford at 9 o'clock and arrived at Cheltenham at half-past 10-four hours beyond our tffs, and, of course, too late to tneot the engagement we had made. Nlow, Sir, I understand that this Shrewsbhry and Here ford line Is worked under contract or agreement of some kind or other by Messr Brassey and Co. It is the purpose and interestn2 these gentlmen to make all they can out of it-the public convenience is but a secondary consideration, and in consequence those who travel on this line must be prepared to do so at a slow pace, and to submit to Iinumerable delays; but they must not calculate on reaching their destination at the time set down for them, or they will assuredly in a majority of oass be disappointed. The " cheap and nasty" principle seems to role in the magement of the line. Common coal is burned in the engines, and at times wee bad the choice of closing every opening into the - carriage or sitting as in the smoke of a chimney flue, to the disgust of one's senses and the destruction of one's clothes, Public attention should be called to these matters, as it will not do that public convenience or public safety sbould be sacrifed to rail vay managers, be they a committee of directors or a party of speculators If these gentlemen undertake duties they should be rigidly performed, and faith kept with the public. If you can spare space in your columns for this somewhat lengthy epistle you will do service, and Alih A R ATT.WA ATf, bo . Cheltenham, Sept. 16.
TaE LATE CROwN PROsEcuTIrON A'T LIvERPOOL.- Cases of brutal treatment at sea have become so nume. rons of late, that to the Liverpool hosDitals a.lone a hundred sufferers have been furnished from the Tessels arriving at that port, and the Government have become alive to the necessity of taking decisive measures to put a stop to such offences. The Board of Trade, which is now a species of public protector to the mercautile marine, having, throngh their official machinery, an opportunity of reviewing these cases, thought fat in that of Captain Rogers and the mates Miles and Seymour to take it up with the view of securing amle justice, and the President, Lord Stanley, requested Mlamill, the solbitor of Her lajesty's Customs, to undertaketbEaon duct of it. That gentleman was deputed to act as solicitor to the Treasury in this case, and he conducted it in person at Liverpool with the results wvhich are co weU knoinCicii Se-vcre Gmcue. THE SOUTH YORBS}IIBE COAL TR.ADE.-Increaied activity has prevaled in the coal trade of this district since oar last report, and a brisk winter's trade at improved prices is expected, as much less coal than usual has been stocked. The trsde will also shortly be greatly benefited by the introduction of the manufacture of coke for the railways; this trade, which Is very large, amounting to many thousaAds of tons weekly, has been monopolized by the north. It has recently bee4 ascertained, however, by Mr. Samuel Plimsoll, of London (who has had the use of ovens vroided for experiment by the Great Northern Railway Company at their plaoe at Doncaster), that locomotive coke of the best quality can be made from the smudge, which is now for the most part left in the pits in this district as worthless, and several of the principal coalmasters are joining for the purpose of erecting ovens and making coke on a large scale under hr. Plimsoll's superintendence. Considering the high price of railway coke and the small cost of the material, considefable profit will attend its manufacture, which wil so cheapen to the railway companies their most coatly article of consumption. fAdverttisment.4-Wyld's New Maps of Ind4t-Indla and Delh.- Wild's Now Map Of India, with a'I the Civil and tl Szationa~ I'bles of Distaucs,,ko. I a abees,t, 12is to ease, £1. India, tshowig the Poet Roads, Oawk btatons, and RDlways; one sheet. k.; In oa sey, 6.India and the parmnan ,mpm one sheet.3s. ;In esse. 5s In4ia, 45o, I. ; tin,aae, 'y aiN3apof Delhi, with the fortificatiors, eantosmeots, . In sheet, is.- in eae, %L James Wtbd gsegmpbev to theQeen Cbadns0cress east, oppodste Nor. thnm eislandtreetr next dow to the posti-<)oe. and Soya Zx. Tdvertisement.]-" The Garies and their Friends," by P..Webb. price Is,, 6d. bda.. witis a ptefaoe by Amrs Stove, La now readt. do great hba been the demand for tlif bboo that the fixt edition WMasilL 'rdered previous to DnbUlcation. It is now reprinted, anid mnay be had In an quantity. " tkte pleeIasure n reomndinot thi simple aod rrthratlly told story to the attention and Interest of thb frienda of pmgreog and huomaolty In Engiand."- Extract from preface by MN. .8 towe An edition printed In large tPe and bound In ot Itlso read. London, George Routledge and Oo., Farrinon- [AdvertisementJ.-" Cassell's Illustrated Family Paper," No. 197. for next Mlonday nortaina a aithult view of the exteror of The Tinses-office in Priming house =re. The other ilstrations are-a siited enaraving of " bohong the Weddtng-gown," after fitnlready. R.A " An English Merrymaltig," after drith, .A. the Prince lRoyal'of Prussia. and a scene of the Court of George IL' from J1. P. Smith's T.le, -. The Yonng Pretender" which is oontimue,l i't this number ; as is also A, Dwmas' greaat W% tbRoyalists and Republicascais ndyia, No IndJguicus series, writh a g->h ioa4omntofttbohoTroraot thein ratn.-Lond,ou,XIeut&nd Co. (Advertisement]-Defeat and Suicide of Nena Sa.hib - Capture of sit his Gnus by Genial Havelock-.Terrble s1ansler of Eso-p0%11CariiVeS St C&Wspore.-MutItY at Dbiapore ; 50) Rebels bbot-&rrnva of SirCohn Campbel with RenforCeMents-RXpedition agintst Arabm and thlew Les-Roa-moval of Genteral Lloyd-Aiva,rt C Lord ES n at CA)cutta - rirmament of tbhee Corero Genarals Boiy Guard-Sleepy E1ectors--King Smith Introduced to Nena Sabib -A War Fe-en Through the Kitchen-The Atlantic Cable AgainPeople with Larger tou-es thian they Rtequire-Nobody Die ISPrisate oats-Public Seats-" PerfSie Albion" no Longer "Peride"The Englishmnan Abroad-NoriamGis on its Lost Legs-The Karrest a' d Its Effects ou the Price of Food-MAitia Movemenk,2 kc--See loyd's Weekly London Newespaer', Edi1e by Blanch4rd Jerrld. Averageweekly A1el8iso 0roe atabiabod iSIS. Contain,slioolamase of the most varied anl Interesting intellIgece: prited by Hod's fsast &nerlcau printinag machine at the rate of 1500 cDplos per hour, tteretr,renabling the putbboatlonof nws tothe latestrmoment CmuchA later tan any othrnew~AI)SPT Pri08c d, ofAT)ny n3&gent. A aos, mmrple, bent poet free on receitv of three poarage stamps, VLodI Salilsvr'v-son%ro Lrondon [Adt'ertisemout.1..Thse "Atlas" of this day contains This Weae-l' by Robert Brough-Pall detailg of thie last News frmm India-General 11avelock'a Virtorles-Lord Sigin at Cslnutta-Th3 twRi,fsaStulgardt--'Wb,yGagliart -The R~T-ev.ugh nnl ~ Rints-TheEvan Alilscoeat Potsdamn-Triala
M R.issaanM,ARSHwbeai tox Prouneuthatinn hais n P RImIO , CAL SALES teer,a lizlird in l543. for the dtiolof ev,,ry doreription of the above-wnwtioned PROF I6TY. takle place 'on the first Thursday In each mouth throughout the prerent year, s unuder: Jenunry 1 a Dy? 7 September 3 robrni Juned I Votibers, M= V ~~~July 5 1 Scemueef, Apzil 2 Auguftf I December 3 Mr. Mlarsbhalus been induced to hold tho se ales from the incereasing deinarad ba- the traifez crf property of thia d(risrption, the vajles of wehich us meea,,s of Lnvecatoeno is iladll bcooming better apprve.tosd. anad from hia experience or thes heavy dr.,wbaocks itdI great di,ticufty fa0 whloh it has been ox po,ed in the ordinary conni of sale, and the expriece f he act14yeas, aaproed heabove pI:ai to be esaunil ~dvsstaeouto vnoos aid urchser, te sAselllatiosa or numerous lot rejerng he ean Ofpoaiasty oreeffctul.Notices ot vales Cutnde t beaiectsc bytie aor mensshould be forwarded to Ti&. Mrshs olice,5, harott-ro. Mna Ou.ose, As least a fort- 0'e-lciomal dil etbse n14)o eeeos oijs nuities, sharea. Bonds, i. ro brd,Otbr8-Tevlal hAbolute Revereon to 15, 13alrigaiatacre,edeevbe on tbi, dleceawsof a ge.tlsa,ac 5 R.hVAR a been favoured w-ith instrucetions to micua in hisnext MonthlyPeriodic&al aleof Re'ererrl"os Tfolictes. to., appointed to take piece at thle mart, on hersay. Oot5. 5, at 12, the ABISOLUTEI RlSYEMJSItfl to the sun, of X15,13 sttlierl ,ample secured. and payable ou the deceaae of a gentleni.o. aged 7i ~'esrsand aubject in thatt event to snaceselon duty, at 3 per rent. Par- alonwc ay he obtained at the Mart;, of Jobm Barber, Eosq. solicitor, Derby : and at SIr. MlAahssb'ocllce 2. Chaarlotte-ron,, Mauianvinhoese. IPrrnrlial Sle&Etablished In 1043) o-f Revereione, Policies, Annaitiee, ip*iariaiV1e, &c.. fom Thurde-dy, Oc,tober S. - Ties valuable Annuities. aw.neuista to £76 per annum., receivable dua-bng two livee aged reepeotively 24 and 5o. '~[R. MARS El has received instruactlone to include ,kJ In hiA next monthly perIodical sae of revvrsions, Ilolicibs, hr., aippointed to tars pl,ce at the Mart, on Thureelav. October S. at 12, i. ,two lota, a valuablc anil well-aecured ANNIUITY or yeari, surn of £20 (payable half-yearlyl duiring the life of a laity now aged .55 years, and oharged upon aix valuable leaeehold bowt-a. In Argyle-atrset. Hing'e-croc. held for Othe unexpired termn of 53 yreare; al,,o ani annulity or yearly sum of £C25 (being a moiety of the above-menttioced annuity). p-at aslle ha;f*yearly dua-mg the life of a lady- now aged 2-i, providedbher life does; Dot exceed the said unexpired ttrum, and to -commence on the deceaae of the Il aged 555 yeirs. Partcculars mnay be obtained at the lalrt; of H1. Gra.osect. T'aq.. Eollcitor-. 27, B3ccblers bury; and at Mlr. Marsh's ofihcee, 2, Charlotte-row, Msaaision.iintsr. Dseouisal vael.sbiha n143) of Revtersirss. l'vliriss3, Anusinlier, Shwevs, Rot dy. &c.. foe Thurviday, October 8.-Sbare, Ins the London end Provincial L,aw and Legal end General Insurance Societies, JR. MA SHbsn received instructions to include in Jihls net Monthly Pe'ldolcal Sale of Revrselonp, Poli.ies, s,, aprpointed to take phlae at the Mart. on Thursday. October 5. at 1?, in lots e-f 25 each FIFTY SHARtES in bSe LSONDION and 1l11OVINCIAL LAW INSURANCE SOCIEil Fle-Areost, and 125 Shea-es In the legal and Genecol Fire east If ufroa-nre S cety, bath ,of whIoch e,~pa,its are inthermeet pree2eronesronat'ioln. 1'seaicslars TOW, s,fa,ion-honue. PerIodical Sale) eet,alalabedt in 1813) of Rleversioni Policies Annuities, Shares, Bonds, he,- or Thursday, October 8, an Annuity of ;272 Sa. per annum, arising from Money in the Funda, receivable during the life of a eterRyman aged 521 years, and two Policies of Assuranice. for the semi of £929 and £928. ~A R MIARSH has zeceivedi instructions from the TY. Miorcgagoes to SEILL by AUTCTION, at thsa Mast, on Thias-yay, October S. an ANNUITY of £272 Is. per annum, being the dirtd4rade arising frow the sum of £2,.0711 Ie. 72. Three per cent, Reduced Bankc Annultiea, seccisable during the life of s clergyman aged 'I peers, last birthday. Also, Two Policries of Assurance for the ae-- -spectlve sunis of £5923 and £999. Partioniare may tsO i,tatue,l at the Mart ; of George John [lurraut, Req. liitor, 120 Chaucey-ane ; of Mesee. lireeno and Partridge, solilitors, Bury SI, Edbeoudl8s; sl hlSa. Niewson auctioneear, BSury St. Edmnasd's; arid at Mr. Marshas -oflSIee. CleArlotte-row. M -nelon-house. TFhe Absolute Reversion, nOa thE, decease of a gentlersan nlow in nac 84th year of his age, to a Valuablej Freehold Property, In thei City of London, let on le ave, whioh exe-rwsin 1260. 1 jiiR. ARSH has received instructions from the s oLaees t-, SELL by AUCTION, at thxe Mlart, on Thursatay, October 8, tne v-aluiable AliSSOLUTE REVER.$Is)N to the fiollowins~g PREEHOLD PROPERTY :-14 DwellIng Hiosses. diatliscuished a, Rlyth'A B3ufilsi gs. Lasob-alley. t0lshopsgate, In the city of Lsan,lon, aolI Three Dwelling Houses, situate in Wlodsoar-tret, contiguous: lot 01. lewc, which expir-es in 1IS0. The propert produnces a routa1 of abaul £300 per anuslm, to which a nuorbaser willbe entitled on the decease of a gentlezman Dow ini 'he 84th year of his arce. Pso-miculard basy be Ol,taned at the Hlart of Gcorge John Durrant, Evaq., eolicitor, 126. Olbacer-las; f Mssr. Geec an 2'rlaidge,wssslsior1 Barr S,. llrlunds: f Sa-,Nearon.aucIoner urySt. Edmiendm 5; and at 'Weeon-upecMar.--~ caita detche Faily Residlence. comc. macdng estxtoslv an piturcqu viws,in,luding the Welsh J,R. IARSEhbas received instructions to SELL Mby, AUCTVIO I, at the Mlart, oppoIte the B-ant of Enslanil. on 'Thursday, OIctober tho 8th. at 12, th asDoneror I5AMILY RESI.DEINOr bullt fis the Elizabethan style, most &ichimtfiily sitmat-- on lagtaf-laI, he ostselct Itutio Isthe fashiion able watering. -plce ertma-ope.SIoe.It ontinseigt geed bed and dresstrooms two rasisg roms, dning oom.lti-rary. treat fast r ci and li ncessry dmestc ofices Thepolerty Is freehold, tul-j,ct to agroud rnt o £12perannu. Ma beviewed. and paertlciilar'. wit codItonsof ale obaInd a th Slet:the urlnclnai iiotels at Weetn.syca-Mar andl2msto; ofSt.Loviond lwi. slictor, Bridge- -Inth coanies o lcetoss.Suffolk. Kent. and iderks,.-Desbrable emai fehlprperties. M1JR. MARSH horcie inatructions to SELL LIby AITCTION', at the Mert, ovppoite the ISaak if Esgland, os Thursday, (atether 8, at 82 o'clock, inx fouir lots, the foilaioing di-shrable smnall FREEES.OlLt PIIOPER1'fES. comprising a Coittince. aitutiteatl Aztoin-end, in tee countty of Haortford, with earls,, wii, orc.hard, In th. onxpallon of Mrs. Annu Newluand, a8 the clear yearly reonto £131: fiurr cottaces with g3rdens, and orchard, situate xt Whal i0ds1 near Hailleigh.- lnathe coisoty of Suffolk, prodiollug rentals aw.inostieg to £12 per annum; a c'smfortabloo-ttaze with good gardlen, vil.tsrtv at Mledlh'ir-trow, near Edenhrid;o, Kent. let to MIr. Jelfry. at £94 10s, per annuim: and a brick-built cottage seitlicarileno zibamiit h mOf Dr acre. situate at. the top of 1'im1ey-street, Llttlefield.green, WhItte Waltham, 1lerkse. let . n fasll Webb at X5 per annum, May be viewed,, ned particatla,s vithi conditions of sale ohiatnedl at the Mast;, of MIre. Newlani1, on the grnmites akt Astou end; of Mr. Hnisn, WIasIieldi, Suffolk; of Mr,. 'Wic endeonF-enlerldr., Kent; of Mr. Dlanilol Webia White 'Waliharw, Rerke: of C. J. Mlonkhoisae, Esq.. solicitor, 3, Craves. street, Strand ; and at Mlr. Marsh's offices, Cheriotte-row, Mansiouhouse. Chelsea--fu- ssPeie n rvt welnhusa ssteimli Tq ,TH. AR T has received instrucetions to SELL N by AC lIO',T at the NStrt, oDtOSaite the 15-,nk of ISusland, os 'Thursday. Oct. S 8, 012. a LEASE1II1,D IN VEST M4ENT, c anravrlo,W a dwelling-house and bulste3e premises, aitiualo sad Is-lg Ni. 42, 'Queen's-roaal.wst (formerly Known as Paradise-row), a-ad3 dweinug. houses Nos, 12, 13, and 14, Geo,rge-plce, Chelsea. tho whole larodticing zentals amounting to £102 l6s. per ano'nm, held on los3e Irvin the Earl of Cadog sea at a moderate rent. May hie view,M, iand particulars with condjtIions of salei obtained at the Mart:; of .5. Ivesny, B j., volicitor, 301, Southarrptonbii.nhldisr. Chanesry-lane: and at Mr. Mtarseh's ofices, Chaar-lotse-row. tuanslon-hoisre. -'frsat Queen-street, Loluon'a-inn-tclulds-A ea".Is oa-re [lous eer and Soup. let uipon lease, preseoting amot dmier.l nvvot,neenit 1R. BAThiE{ has recoived instructionlst SELL by M A tON,l at thLe Mart, oppositate itb 'bo England, on Thursday, list. 8, at Ii. the UNDIVIDEDMI ITS of a ca--tal PRETEIOLD PtOUa-S and ittlOP,sItuate an hsig No. IC, Great Qtneen-.bree.t, liecolr-'v-nn-fiolds, whIch Is let uipon lea,se for St years froma 25th Dkeerualer. 1345, at a, resit of £5 per ans sir the lesee leiIng bound to ensure and to pay alt rates arid taxes, Mayv las viewed by per. saorlva of the tenant, mud partIcolars ohtainedl at tie Stars : of (I .1, Mbonkhouoa, El.a., solicitor. 3, Craven-street, Strand ; and at Mr. Warsh's oLlCe-, Charlotto-row, Mamsion-lsoiiv. Piaie W-Is-aselohl Investmenit, produingua £10 S,pe sin R. AR Hbas received instructiolis to SE,LL 2 yATTION, at the Mas13t. opposIte the R:ush of Eucliandl on Thursday, October 8, at 12, a, LE"Elglor,1 t) PIC'lflcTY.c,oc- rising Thsee capItl Houises sItu-Ate and being 'No,. 42. 47, and 40, Bossbor~'c;-up-1lacs, Pimlico, with!u two mInuites' walk of VauxhAllbridge mnd PIU-a,o-p)-r: e%tlmated to pivovt,ee rentals amoo,ntivsg k' £1065 . wr aiinum: held en loser learso at erriol a-vorete. Mar be vieowed, and particulars,with cond'itions of sale, obtained at the Mart; of Messsrs. Terre'l aslid Chamberlinn, solicitors,V05 Ba4gslugallstr-eet; -dat 'ir. Masrsh',s ofico.a_Coortta-row, `4 unstos bhssos Carolen-Iiawn.-AIgible Luebeold Invesltment, ThIR. MAARSH has received instructionsi to SE LL by InJAljfT ION, at the Marl. opposite the fin-ic of Fuglaudt,ou Thursday, 'se 8, at 122, in sose lot,TWO well.bssllt seml-detacbeel 1t1tIDENCEFS. situate and beinx qNm. 21 A act 22. Ciar-nre-rosil aCaraden.tr,wn, let to rerpeotable tennatlt, at rentals amosunting t.o £s-i per nnu: hed uon lave fo a lng emi,at 1 l,w ganlus rent. Sla heclave b pemIsio oftOs tnats,ani prtculars rith condItins o sal, obaine atthe art;of C Macta,FAq., solicItor. 97. (Ihartotte-sow, Stanvlou-hsssoioio,a E IR H las receivedI instrdctionas to SELL by UrON. at the 'Mart, opposite the Basic of EV11lauid, .)n comprising ia cpIDtali dwsrlling.hosne anal two allsitnments of meet eli-rlble buildingt land. situate In Seven Sis:ess'-road,Iin the parish of 8t. Ma.ry, Ssllngton, ansI presenting Oil enasllcapistilists adsesivable Imivestmsent. fi y evews,and tl5rriicilamswith condlitions of isle, obtainedt at the ldtrtso.),i2r-enss'. E-)., solicitor 3. 20 -iliaitaiiuidsg,Cancery-lanae; and at S Mr. S a'sh's -SlIces, Cliarloate-so,-Mnin-ore Surrey, In thl, -- rieb ahis pleasant village of Serif, near Wistinic-A deaced Freebisild Residence, built for the proprietacs owus occupatIon). ansd four acrs-s of land. with poyccesion,. R0. MABRSH has received in9tru,tactos from thj AExecon,irs to SFLL liy AUCTION, as tts biaron Thiu-sdssy,ict. Glaliguishd so ea',L-hoite, moast Isleaestly slisislisIn the pa-Oily' vilg fS-al,afew minutes' wall from Its,ito-n ,sf WokIsa-. and abonitw,o niiee from the Wlokiujg Station, on ItNo Sonith-Wevterm Rail'Way. The Irony- iv susltalomiial1y uIilt of reed 1-retk, ard 050t51n5 eight goeadbed roome,sledrwing enid diningrousie, kitchen end dooiestle Srperly nove,aesassea Limpoptarnt frontage to the high read, arid the iousee iesei.proached l ty '. cI-risgessweepr. There in excellent delsint; sn-I chootinoc In she risighloierhood. Immediate pneasasjom may be hal. Mayble rvamd on plcsrn to tisewe Jackmanaa at Reud, of wlisom particuilars maybe ii5tafiled also, at the White Hart, Wokisig of IR. Gamlen, Es's., ocflcltor 3' ,A('Y'Aya-isn-queare:and atM. Marsh's oodic. O'o'rtoltte_row, Stanrion-houee. Xtollbridge-pf aie, WiV'king, Surrey.-Thec valuable Cosatents of the MarlsIon,a-. au,imppsistn'. ClOllti.u of Works of Art, formed (ltiisalg a eeries oftri-are wits good taste aiseljutdgment, Islsc.idlg man, y Specimens tlaie Stowe, and other celebrate- Ci Ositctiors. The Gsllery of abou~t 2100Pirtures, bsy esteezucr masters: line Statuary in Gronps. lit,-slze Fisures,%frets, ana Vases. old I'iorenice au-I other BzrzervSo:als Tables, Plate, and Plaseol Wars; the cellar of cbo'ce Old Wines of aboitt 250 (sirens. Library of books. Services of Chine and l',ass, Li:eno, and Iffeiler. E.avMAR0SH (having sold the estate) has been fvuedl with ieastrentlons from the Tr'istces tinder the will of the late Alexander Rtoberteon, Nest., to SELL by AUCTION,T at the Macsalon01, one mile from the Woking Statlssa. on the South. Wgstern Railwaly, on Tuesday. 20th OctalbOr aid veveral fellowS-c dara, ,an 12 o'eclck each day, the valuable COINTFNTt; of HOE- BIIiEPL ,Cp, comupria-iog the appropriate furntteue ofthlbsmeccra) .,ied stomodraMisag and dining rooms. ansI lihrary: a 22-ft. capital isliedtbe The xatlery- of due pIctures, among which are choicea prodsnction' of the following :-~ Bergh.m IUU,p G., Douw Vaudyck Claude C. Doel r Valaaquec Mueller Carravagio (ainasborough iLely Murillo N. raP,e.s, -and other oetremed tmastArs and two cabinet portraItl of Cbarles IL -slnd his Queen. hy 1'eter Oliver * several magnificent oldFlorentine and other bronzer in Oronss and btrats- a very fino coUection of raliau and Esghlih iculpture, including the gro3ys of VetumnUn asd Pomona by Del0aux, Veius aid Adonuna by Bcheemakers, from Siowe. and -other valua30e statuary: twoelegantMfosac tablesenstatoary dolphine plinths, an ebony leo table, and a Stoddart's grand pianoforte. The servlce of plate, conistInDg of about I ,GO ounces, plated articles In diAh covors, vntrle dishes, &,. . anout'250 dozen 0f the cholcest old wines, Liz Port, Madeira, aund hberry. The serviers of Oriental and n-denru china :snd glees, including a richly cut desert esrVIce: the library of ancient an.l moderp literature, In about 4,010 volumes; the op otutmenteof theser ants'offices amn numeroas in and out-door effects. ae hb prvately viewed by cards obtai-sble only from 'ar. lItarsh, on the Thnilau1y an- F'riday, and nubhlcly sy catalogues the Saturdty and Monday preceding the vale Catalogses are in course of vrepareliou,and msy shortl, be obtaled at thewoanmson Price2S. 6d., -' admrit three pora.ns) : and at Sir. Marsh's Ofices, Charlotte-row, lBlraoon-house, Freehold Property, situuto in PainceLstreet, LIttlo Queen street, High 3[R. MARS1H has received Instructions from the t, Executors of the late Mtr. eialby to SELL by AUOTION, at the Lart, optci-he the anok of England. In Noseriber next, TWis valuable FREEHOLD HO2USES, being Net. 7 and 8, Princesissreet, LIttle Queen-ttreet, High Holbomn; let to respectable tenants, at ren. tale aoa,otag to £100 per 33ntrma. MAr be viewed by perunieron of the tenants. cud particular, with conditions of Sale, obtaIned in due -t-mo of Messr. Efolme. Loftus. rind Young, s,alichioas, 10 2few.e-ry e, Linsoln'-ian ; at the Matt; and at Mr. Marsb's ofliees, dbarlotte-row, anslon-hoeiqe. '-ligIble Loarehold Property, situate hu Great Queen -street and Llttle Queen-dtreel, High HElborn. <JrR. MAPRSH shas received inetructions from the tYJuExecutors of the late Mrr. e3alby to BELL by AUCTION, at the Tulet, ooposIte the Sank of Englayd, IU November next, in two lots, a aery dedrAOle LEASEHOLD ESTATE; comprising an excellent dwell. log-houre shop, and premises. stuate No. 09, Great Queen-street ; a dwelslng-housea shop, strong room, and warehboue, 69 A4 Great Queemotreet, and a stack of worksbops and show rooms In the rear of the above; * ia three dwdlllng-ho.aes, choy, and very extensie range of premises Noa, 9,10, 11. and 12, LIttle Queen-street, Uigh Uolhorin. The wt ole tu tbis occupation of highly reehasotable tenants and produce fag rentals amounting to about £.10 pea- annum. Qeld far esyastst terms at grouLnd rents, Mlay be viewved by permi2sele of the tonmut. asnd psttioulas obtained-n due time of Maestrs lolmue Loftus, and Yormg, so'lltoes, 10t New-squae, Inucolnstan D: at Sho iMart; ad at fYir, bMass's offices,8 * Cbalq)gte.cew, twsln-h521 11olloWAY.-lmpsruant Sa!,e of Fr,-ehnld Ground Ranta, most amply secred. 1%~ .MAR'iW has r-c'coilvd instructions to SELL4 dll by Ad CTf N. stjvt. ar,I" N reesiser next (unieaepreviously dss,rd 0 ly Prvate o.tracti, valuable FItE81i±LD GAROUND liENT.5, Aluou.ti.,g to ahtnit £150 per banunum most amply xecued uPOn several priv.a. rdidentes, shops. and tavern, eligibly situate in i4uenstes. li,lwa ndlsursiteycontiguoso to the Great Nsolthern Railway.CatDepot. Purvser part;rulers wil appearin futreadvrtse,ens ndlin tiheintrinm everY inforniationsobtalned ofAlmlsrs. Abbott. e,ie,kinr,, and Ablott, solicitors, New Inn, Stranri; aid at Mr. rsai-c, Chiarlotte-row, Mayssouhbouse. Pr.lindlaary svrtw a-bt -Tue Nailetosse Eitare. near to Lecester and Marke ijosworth, comllpriring about 551 aares. 1111H. M HSHha. bleen favoured with instructions important FREEHL RPR~,detglhda h altn cOcnp'ilntu about20ae fabe atue n edwln.Pr ticutars. with plan,aei k,nreo rprto,admyh h tainred In doe time of Heecro Meriannd onngsictoe2, Auetrnfriars; and at idr. Marcsh'sotircc oaltorw a,inhne InBankxuptcy.-To Piauc,fortmalre., rtCtes sleaaea .MA Eugiaeere, Mlachns,adter R. T RSHi boas bee avuedwt intructions LVJ frorm the Aesignees of G. Fox, a bankrupt, to BELL by AIjr0. TION. on 'he Premne, eIS1, Wells-mews Writs-street, Oxford.street, on Monday. September 2i, at I for 2 precisely, an oexceolet S-bore STEAM ONG UNE by Williasnon. with a 12-horse Tubular Boiler by Prldeaux. etouto 6 ft. iron iiy-wheel, with all necessary safuting, drums, &o,;waved mould 13ge. V.rioua patterns In ebony, iceewood , walnutt, ±0.. several excellent iron-fraised pat-ent fret cotting machines, two waveo-ruoulding machines. with guides, &c.,tteam sawing mnachine, ±0, with other effents. Cjatalogues Issued and on view, and bad ot Mdr. 'E, B. St.iusild, Eeq , otflicia asaigues. 10, Blasinghall-strest. city; A., Nea'e, Eeq.. solicitor, 14. Southatupton-buildings, Chazoeoa.lane; and of the auctioneer, Ebenezr-rterrsce, Mllwall, Poplar. H. Nicholas-lae. Lumabar d.str"Lt-Valuable Freehold House. R~IE.W.R. GLASIER. is favoured with instructionsto AIT.SELL by A UCTIOid7, at ara', on Tuesday, October a. at 12 for 1, the very va luable FREEHROLD HOUSE, sJtuato in one of the beet situationsi in the city of London for proflesinnal er commercial purpnsees. No. 31. Nicholaslane, Lomnbardestreet, at present in the occupation of Air. Anthony, hult who Is unader notice to quit at Chier,t mas next, thus poe-onting a desirable opportunity to persons seekinlg a city frecho d for oscui.atloo. May be viewed by permis5ion of the tenant, and particu:arg hatd c-f Oweu T'. Alger, Esq., solicitor, 37, Bed. ford-rim: at G-rrasea's: and of tho aucti-oneer. 4t. Charluc.croec. Dover.-D,.lighsful Marine ilesideu Ze. 1j .W. R. GLASIER is favoured with instructiora mlVh the E,-eutrir of the late Mm. Emuma HIrer to SELL by AUOTION, at t%n Shaksl-eare Hotel, Bench-street, Dovey, on ostober -, at 2 for 3. the delightful RESIDENCE, No. 26, Marine-parade, Dover. Konk, let on lease to a most respnsible tenant at £120 seratsrum, aud held for I8Syears at the nomina grounid renat of Li Its. 0.1. per atnrnm. Mlay be viewed by permission of the tenant, aud pArsicui,,se hd, 14 d4ae prior to the sale, in Doer, at the place of sale. and 'i Mr. Wor.foid. house agent. Oastle-street : at the RoselInn.Canterbury: In London of ComynsI.& Berkeley. Esla.,sollcitor, 6, Souths-quare. Gray's-itnn; and (if the auctioneer, 4j1, ("hanng-croe Gas and Waver hee-)e. R. W. R. GLASIER is favoured with ini~truc,,7 tionn k4y the Executor of the late Mrs. Emmaa Eyre to SELL by AIUCTION. at the Shakepeare llnt-I. Dover. on -, October -, at 2for 3o'ciock, in lots, FFIIP'rs.N SHARIEin W bh DOVES GAs LIGHT COMlPtNY and E&iT DOVER WATERWORKS, pa3ing 10 perceent. Particniare may be hud irn Dover, of Vr. Wors. fo1ld. bnoue agent. Ometle-street. and at the place of sale: at the Rose Inn. Canterbuiry; in London of Ciuryns 1i. Berkeley, Esq., s.icttor, 6, South-squiire, Grrya-ii n ; an,d of the auctioneer, 41, Chaarling-cro2s. Loaghion, sao&o to the Station. -Thtrty corsiets Of ifreebold Land, for Villas and Shops. IV R. MAItMADUKE MATTHEWS will SELL, ~V.at the Mart, oni Tursday. September 22, the SECOND POE nOIN of a mo't dDesiable FIBEEMI)LD SSTATE ito ral 16 sacre), ermbracingr all the high road frontageL~ and preset ins meet favotur. alble opportunities for proftrable building invwstments In bopielne an?, other erections. Partikoars of G. F. Hudson, -Esq., 23, Buckleesbury; and at Mlr. Matthiewe. ollcka FPlnsbucY Psunteclhnicon, Clti-road near Flcsirury-equaro. _ Tniiington-park, Rurn*eY.-Ns 1 nd 2,Elao Vll.-o OH. 'at ornvestment RMARMAUR IMATTHEWS Will SELL, at MU the 'dart, on Tues,daY, September 22, in ceparate lots. Nos l and 2 of these de irable semi-'etached RESIDENORS, called Eleanor Villas. Tolitngtor-p~ace, ToUinguton-park, ijuished in modern taste, of the value of £55 per auauso each. rarticulars of Meassrs Lasorane, Plows, and Boyer. Old Jewry. and at Mr. Matthews' olfloes, Finebury Panteohn'con. City-road. and Windmiii.skreet, Finsbusy-square. bi. well.bhails Rtesdences Tudo anFerny Villas, on the St. Thomas', HospitalI EtsLte, Hackney nfro secure Investments, and Building Land at Brentwood and d nt. R~A . MARMADUKE MATTHEWS will SELL LU. at the Mtart, on lToessay, Sept. 22. in separrate lots, Nos. I andL 2, and 5 and 6, Tudor Vitlaa, Tudor-road, and Nos. 3Sand 4, Percy Villa., W~eltso-treet, Hackney offeriug prsnt .eligibialovfnestments forea l and p-osereon at eoni datkesi requilred, also Right Flots of e- hodLn, erterailway station at )Jrentwood, arnd Snell's-park, Edono. Particulars of Messrs FIdr and Son, Portland-chambers Great Titchifleld_street; and at .Mr. Matthews' offices, Elnebuzy Panechniroon. City-road, uoss Flusbary-eiquire. Quarterly Sal-.-Rooss Piting~s, musical sod miathemnatical Inetcss' m rerl.t Bronce Cha, and other Interesting Prpert. .VESSRS. D EHAMV, STOR,ad O eg 47U to snnolicethatt.i next QIUARTERY AEwilcmee - n Mouday, Octoberf,an continue for the nie oloindys(S "s.y excepted).-ltiog.streeo, Covent-garden. etme 87 7%fESSES. DEBEN A, STORR, andI SON will ML.L I BLL. at their Rtooms, Kin etzest, Covent-garden. on Monday rho 21st iusl.. at 11, BlEUSSY. L and VALENCIENNES LAOS MANTLES, veils, edgings, ±0., of line quality. Giencovelvets-, plain soil brocaded silks, superene wool-dyedt cloth, doeskins and beavers taplo andbed1Inon, boota and shoes,lIdies' elegant dreas,ses,wehsotaud roa tie-, sables, gentlemnen'i attire, and effects. Tocce ~days ~alet ofJwle ace,Pae n te auble FSR.ID slAiSTRHad SON Wml caaes. antiqu anid moencokinbne,rml,adpclinas, Indir a'sid centieusco' rsigcsswt ivradpae tns i-pera gnooses.g,,id his imodadrb studselgn apie pearl, andl eieraldbrclt,Iocesan earring,snlstead cusiter brillianit ringssis.adOhroait,loeson,ades suite of tuirqoit. a ieenmos5ic neekic,sle al n ie hoard I-late, Sheflieledg(ods and e-ffects.Onve onStda d Monday. io&~ l'a ckrseltrr.a 'ialeetet,lribeth-wclk_Tlhe Lease oftePsemioss ,anid the Pledge Stocic therein, amoumtlng to £15.0. or hreabour,. ESSRS. lEBENIHAM, STORR, and SON are LYvL directed hy the Executors of the late Mr. Thomais Savage, of 65. Parradie-streett to SELL hr AUCTION, at their Roomis. Kings-rest, Covent-gansden, on tFaturday, the 26th of Septemnber, at I, in two or Mtose lids, the LEfrdE of the PltItMiSSS, at a low cent, and the PLEDGE hTOCRC, on which sc~out £5,050 has been advauoeod.ftul particulars of the arcti-uerem Rad Of Msrs.; Rixon, Son, and Anton. solicitors 3, 35Carnion street, city. To W-ats.ii and Cloc Maes,ai Otes-Tc and Furl`tuse JETNand SO N wtill SELL, ut 5, Yort-kplace, V atall-bridge-road, Pimlico, on Monday. Sept. 21, at 12 o'clock, by o,0ev of the Assienears of John Lowuds. mnahogany' lvardr,,tw, cheats of dreswers, waststaxnds, tables easy and other chairs, liruiescis and Kid,), rminoler carpets and cogs, cornice andl curtains west not, glozelt ho.cavi, chimney and droning glasses, bracket and miantel clocki. rexsiiatonr, watch glasses and mnuvmnents, clockecwes, sae,gas littiopo, bilinia,bueah counters. &c. May be viewed the, miorning of sale, arid cleared the samne day. Cabalogues had on the pres,ires, and of the auctio,nfrs, 7. Angal-coarkTh Tisogmorton.etreet. IT,rLS o Mr-a-o H . abot20loads, Pony, Pheln W w Sets ciEMacros, 72 leon Hurdler, MeobsFrm"es,HadLgt,Gos bois ifast, ?largle, Dairy ITt-issils, Wate oa,GadnTos a C-si-cutig Mctue,by Weuliate. Pigeon-ous,Pdsa ie teoard, townihsilieneers. and Olaes,Burenxauan okae heeo J)e ,wers, Carpo:irg, 0Ilcith, Chair and othrBdtasan a vari , irt~ ,her IPsoDscrty. TXTMand 86N will SELL by AUCTION, on thjPoie;. nearui the Cock, the siorth-esd of East Ham, near Sirtfod, le-x, On rd,Srt 25, at 21, by order of the proprietor whose lase exires. ayb vI'ewed Ohs morning of sale and cleareA tuecon ri;, ;atiogie- ho o the premises; at the Coek, East 5tm-sdof Veatem and' Son, 7, Angst-court, Thsogmorton.street, Hoxtctu surc-mall Freehold Inveatmont. ~ R1 . EliK h{A bas boon favoured with inatruc- tioe fom he xectors to SELL by, AUCTION, at the Mlart (popr-tth hoko land. early in October. at 12 precisely, a desir able FEHLD STSTE comprIiang a brick-built dwelling-house, withfreco cui-d with icon rallugs, and grden In the rear. sitsurt and bIng 10. Hoxton-square, in the warih of St. Leona d's IShp idtch, in tie omurpatlon of a respectable teniant, at the low retal of £33 per antiurm. sday be seen by permimlon of the tenant, and Iarttcrilass, with conulitione of sale, obtaned on the premises; at the Mdart; of Mo-are. Anory, Travers andfSmith, solicitor-s, Thro.'-sorton. street: and of Mr. Kilrkmnau. auctioneer, valuer, and estate agent, 3, Cannon-street, city, and 8. Park-plc,tlac' akheatb. KRent. liacsy-trrt,-vluaie easholdI Estate, suitable for investmenit or R. KIRKMAN ca ee aoured with inatrctc. Ni.Ltiosneti SELL by AUCTION, at the Macrt, Opposite the Rank of Engcanti. earls- in Wtisher. a mneet desirablo longz LEASEHOLD lnick.buiit TOW3N RPJIDEXCc.9 situate and being No. I15A. Upper Harley-street, at the corner of Lleivonebire.stecet in the parish of tit. Marrebon, le 'inleas toa hihly espetabl tennt,at the low rentl of£10pee nnum bu immdini posesson ban ehad it rcriirc. Te popety s hll n losefora tr f4 years from Oct he i, 155 itth lo grris rntof 10per annum, M.ay be vie-ed ao paticia, wih cndiion ofsal obaind tLte Mart; of l~h. Jhn arse {irsnn, oliito, , Cnno sree, cy;and of Mr. Kickmr, antiorer androtat agen, 8, annontoret,uy, and 8, Mdaddox-street. RLgonit.treot.-I{,use at a low ret.-By Messrs L&RRE.arid WOOlD, at tiso IMart, ou .-..(it nroetnprovieuely sold by private contractt, Convenient House, suiitable for a lodiging. AhousorfrrbuAm,. s Itsicxled rooms.two drawing rooms, kr'ctiens ,t &%The rent Is only £70 per snirium; the unexpired term loiir years fr.nn Lailyidaslast, Being held smder the Pollen es-ate, the selrilec,wat. on advantageous terms will accompany the purchase. .ratiriiloam of this aautiiousers, 65. New Bond-street, W, layton, Essex. R.G NR 'OBLE will SELL bi AUCTION, on M the 4etroiee, Co.ciand-corner L-ea-bri g road, on Tuesay, Sveptember 2id, arid fiollowing day, lbs genuneni OUSEHOLD.-PURNIi IORF, sod APPEN'DAGES, comprising handsome foupot Arabian. to-riOand otherl,edoteads,clean goose feather beds anud'bed ding, nrab,-gany chests of drAwersawnd wardrobes. choral and dressinjgglasses, arid tire moral chambher requIisites, pianoforte, Bms-elel earpet; and curs, han--some chimney and pier glasses, ahogany sideboard. bonkoases, dining, locn, nodother tables, chairs, window curtains. chanydelIerand 'amos. proofen3grarings by Landseer, Herring. noid others. ciria and Rtass. kitchen, dairy, suit brewing utoimis, Baker's muasgli-, grreeuho-sim plants, garden tools, iron roiler, frames. tunshrill cart, stsrsk cL -oth, stack of meadow bay, quantity 01 manure mare and foal,clver pony, arid numerous effects. May be viewed da; priorladnd ornig&ofsae, and catalogues had on the premliess;tons in the neighbeiirborsxl Boll, Aldgate; aknd at Mr. Noble's officesg, Woodford, Essex, N.H. Cbeam-parkr, Cheam, Surrey. MESSESg. BLARE will SELL by AUCTION, on thePreise on Frda, Spteber2a,to12,a COLLECTION EXIITC OSLH1DS,Arales, an Camllias, including several prie pant, baonc pheln. ourwhel kasketbaie, light cnDing cent bamekig mchie, io sock lotes ith poles, earts, waggona. 'orres, harow,lapdos, stck o prim meaow hay (the growth of rESl thee pwerul raugt brese &c Mabe viessedtths day before lbssol, ad ataogus ad t te ntrncelege to CObam park:- at theins n hi nsgborrhoc: a Grrwa'sCoffee.h-hoseMhag-- Old Boud-street.-Wel.snsale Oflo Fon2iture and Fittings, a Ghubb's Iron Resositi,ry, and Hileoto of a pubic C!ompany. L ]1JrESSRS. NEWTON and GARLANT will SE,L .Lx-.TheyAUttle, atosn AtheRos, 21,Od BUond. trae, ng Mndaryth Sept.r 2patih an.db diecin attofa theton; cialprManager aI0-ebet mabou gan0 smoARD-ROOMtCor and TRtr PEDEgTLad etirBlyS rehld mahd egaxonytirs,d faCm' landitax. ood the earode ratep exceeInegb lowm ded . B. RIX is honoured by ma structions from Robta sod Hmisa, Ila . to F.Li. by AUvTION, at then mart, nea theBsank Cakanlosus at Obe . room. aondaMesdor.ONewton and2fo Drecis ly i tbr2ee lotp. his FPRINT(N aiid LITTyLE tH9LaLtAf?DB >ESAE iaIynd , the sanor of Little HoDandin Ste aunty of rf. e renely-Lotal The Frinton Wpik samd FanE tona containing 13ca. 2r. 2i . og troductivo Arable Land aud Psetume a sudtable farxu hou?e rsubstauttllUy buit, sagf0cntural boexillent C and Gremasm ocLuad by Mr. CbaFree Theoda eam nS a yearly Lot 2. xdthe LItae hollrad Eall Ferm, sitote aSL the pari rrb or Little Hollad, condlAi. c of a plenantly eituate rd.i d en,e, capJtsl agriclzltural homestead, a breadth of productir e and weU cultivated arable land, with a conoidere ble tract Of D obture ootadu Ing a i together jir.clueiD a marshanow occupied with L ne 1a lyr 28p f Engall Farm is Loon.pled bn sdr. HeO.y Gilek undor a leaeloy ia tee, lo w,hich eigbt years are unexdired, at a graduated rental of an toh aoper oLnnitt. The adpontthocedreutof thmashnow0otule.with lo 3 i 19 per anuuim. I.ot 3. Bennett'g a ram, situate ad i 3oerlt to the H all P amm, Frintncontaining m225f. 3r. 2p. of ter eoorn oduct skrled by oxoellent pasture,. witha bommDduhoreaubstansetald copllte o riculttral bundinso, accupred mith te marohc d by Mr. Ch )rl T - ; Ic11SXdOn. JUD, twder a leave for a Iterm, ofwbvhch 5 yeasr ara UuexPrer- at ua gra0vatedi Yearly rental vazing frm s23 1M. to £379 13a, tlr ass. e his lot eaeo includeo heveral tenements and gardem s for ithe oparish or Lleboolland, atrta aof lntly 5sitaer cultivted able lnd, wth a snaldrab withsio patecures, cotin-~ tOfIV per nnum,The aportivcdretof t emgo% andwoc ppuredw Rocbe. Carmwall.-Freehold 9Fsttes. coipprising 293 acres of valuable esclos5ed lande, togetber with 11.16ths Of eXteOnlve Oommaona and Waste Lands. In the pArish of Ro be. in the rich mineral district b,etween Bodmin, Trurs,. and St. Austeell, of the estimated value of £21.5 r-er annum; to. et).ar wilb Rol slt es larin- from the Kills- vit Iron Mlie. Dowrupiar, Clay Wurks. tand also part of Little .l1- nC lay Works. tHIINNOCK and GALSWVORTHY are instructed xI,i to SELT.! by AUtION, at tbs 'bWilo Hart Hfotel, St, Aunatell, (s.Ynw&ll nu Thusneday, Ost. 15. at 2 for 3 preclesly. valua~ble FREE. HOLD jkSTATEss4 eIt-s' ic the p-eish of Roobe. In the midst of its reth mineral1ssiatrict b,tweess Blisedu,is Trsnno, and St. Anstell, consiftsng of abunt 295 amres of excellent loud, nudes-laid. with valttable china clay, irou mines, send o:b.s -uisesai, asid very extenatve coDnmaons and wates lauds th,ereto attache&d umnsrtsing 11-lIGths of certainx uonenclo'ed lands in the r-artot of R,ce. with exteostve china clay works thereon. Thi' osoperty will be offered In the folotein lots, out tuildings pa~rtly n'w. the I;llloy fsid and paxt of the Gilleyr, cont.ining together 1704 acres, winb the oxs,-si~ve common sod wasto belonlling to the sanme, let On le.as frm 7 -r 14 years from 18fs at tIe low renit of;e£5 snor annum. L t 2. The Gille Grist Mil, wyrktiog two pale of stones, with. tamispirg inill attacbed, whim~ have recently undergone extensive repairs, toge,her wtih Isill-honos and Outi-brildings, and 21a. Or. H9p. of sood lend, let Os. lease foe 7' or 14 year. from 1854, at she low rent of £30 per asinum. Lot3 2 Igher Colevrah opii t eo dwellings and 344 ace'sa of laed. let ous. lase for three lie,a: ressectively 70. 66, and 46, at mese3 nominal rent.,and of the estimated vslue of£34 pera sonse: ssl-o Lowr Csslevreatb, comprishng about 29 acrfea of exceelent lendt, with 5oo.1 store bult, f arm- house and cottaste, and another dwOllog-boone, DP.m, stasll. ko, let on leAara or two lires, agedl 47 and 414 at nomInal rest. sod or the estimated yalue Of £40 per eusnum; also5 Killerre't1i, oontausteg 34a. Ir. 14p., with cottage, farm. horse, and buildings, let us. leak of- s-two Ilves aged Ii8 and 3$, at no0mi. pial rents, and of the esti-, ales value o,i £3' pe a1unnum also the ,alc. ablefilineralNundeclyi gt e same in,clusIng the Eilsreath Iron Mine, the Down Park Clay works. &o., 3ielding co sidermblo royalties. ILot -3. Eleven-Sixtseeuths of !i-levreat- 1 euns and its Dues arising from Litte Jhn' Cla Wose,whih as lislytobe very valuable, there -losgra udmnd foe glrn clay.dMa bet rmiewery eion. sno tHe ve NOsr teat,sdrstc.as WIthpanY mayl BELotLne of AT)ers OTIOre and Bs. oiyoo Tsisonuth ofz Messrsy Oath1s apto and Coh , caisllIcitos, LEtrf, L Din ofIL Mr. jb,avENtE lstend ryr, 50,it huseit a rall of Men sabotChitonnk and GTsortuay,n T lortny dSothw Devon t- Dtesa be Leasehol Thamilye Residence, sur- rounedby de d g byf plemre ownrou-nuda, wotinsthws'o ars w roms tnowne ascGahon Rouse,Abituate o:eorvatiey smew hrch,on-o thew Louse Slichen garden, fo. Hield fur a term of 99 years from 1850. at a ground. rent of £12 h2s, per anunum. Pa.tic lass may ha obtained of -Hsopee, Esq., iolicitor, Torqnay;f a't Webb's Hotel;: and of the auctioneers, 28, JIegent-atrect, W, omaerEetshlse in the VleoAlrm-VualFehld ste,wt Family Residence, so but 20 afrer ofrc Land, and Twcne Wniet Cottages adjoIIg CIHINOCKandGALSWORTiRY will SELL by ~J AUTION,at te CoonrltSale Rooms. COr-m.treet.1Bristol on uedayOcobr 2, t , te osp3ct and valuable FREEHOLD ESTAT, knwn a Albrn Huse,a substantiat etoxne.bult family resienc, wih peas reporu&d, troutstrnans, andabont,20acresof veny prcotctiv ambl, pature asd rohad lad. dellstbtfnully situate tin thepIcurequeVal ofAlhm, s 0Stie fomB&tcombe, four from SheitsaMelat, nd icefromFroe; heboues conv,aina superior accmmodaton, with slbig &. eace,ad is approached from tise highroa bys car- dre,nds--ce from the north bya rich plantation, arDeel witbttl ite,ai nwich is a OJne roobiery, Thereoare alFo two oournle cttgradonn she house. Partlcu. lsam, with plans, may b tanestshC-Osr Ion, Fyome;- the Com-: mercia Sale Rooms, Brso fW omihCev,Eq., solicitor, Ceediton ; and of theactoer,2,Rgn-re, Waterloo-lace, Londlon. Radnorshire, on the bodes -f >seforsl.-capltal Freehold Farm of 360 acres, in a ring fence In the pstfah of Lianessulo, three mfles from Ifnightios. a very elitible sod isaryrninr B-tate. ('HTiNNOCK and GALS Vi OUTI' Y weill SELL by X-jAUCTION, at the Green Dragon hotel. Ileseford, on Thursday, October 28 at 2 for 3 precfs-ly, the capitol FEF EHOLD FARM of OEFN-SUR&N, situate in the parish ofT LanguoIlo, close to the fertile Vale of Mlnangsbty,andl Only three mioles from 'he tbrlrlog marker town of ltnlghton, cobtaining 358a, Ir. ?4p. of excellent arable and pasture land, wvith several good wvater meadows, aud some recently enclosed sheepwalk, now being brosught into cultivation), which being xceuetuutasip soil, will niece arable latd of good quaLlity. The estate is pleasinl1y tim,bered with several copies and preserves, the houise snd fsras-lailstlngs ase seated in a sheltered valley, aLnd there Is a large barn aLd also a good atone cottage on the upper p art. This far,s is of a bishly improveable cbs. racier, and Is now let to Mr. Edwards at the low rent of £200 Der annum on ai lease which expires at Lady.day. 181-9, whe n It will realise a )much increaed rental, and when fully brought into cnltlratloa in eskirmated to produce at leaet £3O per ontum May be viewed, and pa1rtulars, with place, obtalned of Mlessrs. Clayton, Cooksoo,and aiw hit oiios New.square, LIncoln's-inn; at the Gseen Drgo, ereford : the Oxfs,rd Asms, Kitgon thD e CandosAxms, Knightn; theItadno Arms,Pceaseera; nd of MeEsci. Chinnock ndGalaw~orthy, auctioneers aidln d gne 8 eettet Waterloo.place. i.ondo-, S.W. l u gns 8 eetget hitrefordshlre.-In tee pariahe.s of Preateignad yt, and ousyisng a central pocition between the excellent market towns of Kington, ICnighton, sod Leomin'ter. Tee outlying Portisns of the C-ombo Estate, emnbracing some of the richest mneadow land to this famous grszing county, watered by the ricer Loge ; also acme bighy Droduc- bye Arable Land, ooutinilsg together about 200 acres, and? 1t at low rents to highly respectable tenants. V'HINNOCK and GALSWOHRTHY are directedby %-/the lPropsietor. with the concurreDoe of the Mortgagee to offer for pubblo COMPETITIuN, as the Green Dragon Hotel, in Hereford, on Thursday, October 22, at 2 for 3 Dr* clsoly, numerous lots of FREEH3OLD LAND, of the most valuable deecs-lptlon: comprising aboat 2t0 acres of the outlying portions of the Combo Estate, In the parlshes of Frestesgn and Byton, chiefly abntting luponi th, inrnplke.road from Preaetstn to Leomlueter and Ludlow, and about five miles from the F5embrsdge Station of the Kiitnetn ana Leominster branch of the Shrewhbury and Hereflo-d Railwasy, end embracing acme3 of the richest mneadows in the county of Hereford. intersected ior nearly a mnile by the river Lugg, and various ferrilimisg strearniets available for Irrigation, and affording calsital troxit abd grsyllng 'sblug: also some rerr-srkably productive amable land. l-elsg withirn tbree miles of the Nash Lime-works, and all lyinig near tosgptber. Same portions being near the towsn of Fr~esteigo, wilfl be. divided Into lota admirablys adspted for acroinoatin pupoes,forwhih vry labrests may be obtained, May b viewd by hermislO f the teants anad nartirnlas, wi'th plas, btanedof esss. laion.(kshsau,and W.sinwerigt, soIl- the Oford rms,Kirapon; ee Fednor rms,Prestigo;and, 2s flmtnwck.-T-Fio commodlons Freehold Vill Itealdeuoes, w-it Stable and large GArden. ho. PINNOOE and GALSWOktTHY will SELL by N-/AUOTION by order of the NIoTteR2ees, at the Ma%frt, On Mo%nday, October 26, the TWO valuable lRltgEHOLt) RESIDENCES, at Eampton-wick. known as Grormnont, House, and Tudor House, situate in their own pleasurs grounds of a-bout an acre cub, and fronting the high read lea4lieg froTi Kingston-bridge let to hIghly reasDectable tenants, producing £205 per aLnun,. Fuirther advertisem0ents 'Wile aboitly appear, end particulars (when ready) may be obtaiued of I-eamo. Coode. lClngdon. end Cotton, solicitors. 10, King's Arms-yard, Zeioorgate-atreet ; atd of Nesss. Chionock and Galeworthy, auctioneers an)d land agents, 28 Regent-street, WVaterloo-place. Wimbledon, Snircy.-Fighsosen fin.f,aesed Cows, two Cast Hlomses, I'gs, Hasy. Farmaing Tiroplements, ho. ]BKRand SON will SELL by AUCTION, on Bthe o'emnieee, Win0ssld'u.-pserk Faces on Wednesday Sept 23, at 1, by order of Isrs. Bishop, quitting too. farm, the STOCk. of firt: rats XsILOEI COWSi, 13 capital pits, 2 atacks of prime rmeadow bay, two carts, a chaiBe. hFO load of risk clstb. Po se,% fc. ; haysnaking machine, thrashing ditto, plouphs, harrows, load cloth, tools, harness, &o. May be vievwed the mornine of sale. Cataogues ha on the promises. and of the assctioneers, KiIhTnn. No. 20, Church-place, Paddinooe-n.green, ltas-row.road.-Capital s-wa, BHorses, Carts. Waggoin, F-ole. Hlarness, &o. AKERand ON ill ELLby AUCTION, oTn thePreise, o Thrsay,Sep. 2, a I TWELVE llne.framed MILOi CWS,two trog crt hrse, aeryfart nag mace, a ditto andfoa, furbrik crt, anewgrin aggn,milk cart, harness for eigh hores, haffmacbue, 0-lod rik clth,Poles, ho. ; ladders, fork, rkes timer,pigIre rbs co bin. ec. ay be viewed the day rier Catlores hd onthepremses,andof the auctioneear, NO. 2, Caroline-steet, Bedford-oqnare.-trniture and Effects of ~-ao roomDed House, ~ESSRS. MELTIN(with Mr. ACOCKS) WMlSELL MY by AUCTION on the Premises as above, on Tuesday, Sept. 22 at 1, the genuine FUAtNITUJRE, comprising rosewood tasbl'es, sets of chars.liurris aretsan res, uetosedsemi-grad pianoforte, setof icig abls, idboads.10mahgan cests 0f drawers wash. a ans. ourpos an iro besteds,feaherbeds, ketehben requisites and iscllaeou efect. O vIw dy piorand morning of sale, and Bed.ford.row. ESR.MELVIN (witb Mr-. ACOCKS) will AUFOm ntePeie No 7 ICing`s-road Bed. fodrw on the 20th teat., atWidmi next,US Sept. 2U3tN R a nd2fo h EFFECTS,a OIncuingE cabiFUNetTR pIanoforte. a e ry alwbl nterooe chabinet inlad witchpearl and evory, neitw opledininghtables, andOter usefu)lanoramesental 92tby5.r noview andt canoetabloger wihgadonvtepr, l'ontbampton~~~~row. nRgnroomch.aruasiee No. 20. Csrootseriapetstreet, Hydeopark 1JESSRS. OXENHAM will SELL by A'UCTION, M - jon tbelreniDes. o hn W dnelY. netRept.m 23, at 12 for I, theol tbcvry eeigaHOSEOL an suproV URNITURE; inc bedItgfdrawing room thiopate Icashin 91wb comlee ahnobegilt cdrornsoltetableith AgalassOe plae i bys an,boo cargd,s andbedn othertales, diningoom chdairs.waldo hoar, n dining tables,wt marbsleto ad oter arpe dts, fbev mahdogany dwarf wardrob, hest ofdrles lsmsature of thesendyadsrtl servamnts' P apooartments. k dtoh tbreirltshtes, andunmedu effecte.Snayle vbimewed ncTesday ansecednt'ani onin of sac n aale, std bad;alsou hatdMessrsa Messrhsm Oxeniceam'1 s ford-street3,nessr-athe, erVe Pantheon. M ESSRS. OXhrate, Dearrace.t fIromSirS,JoXnErNH will, SoELL by AUCTION, t h Marisin ontheFreob -d-any husdy September 2 4,adfllwn a, at 12 for 1 2oclc r.tI ic a,the very elgnbad aprirF~nlTsoo ind ba utiful prte eesN tiin Inldn w opet aoaytdr suies, bytheArabianen b Edsd andth besgises a'ind bedding cmpete, wice ndplanwad rpob sees,wshingeables UwithMarblSietone,eaingditesso, NhevatoandTell complete igwaflnubte ontobabreoule.e drawing moors suite cvrdI ahoal hnz ihe om esticoodIthemsn onumerouseffects. Maybe dimewedions,the Wd.nu nesdy atecden an monin ofsal, ad ctalgeh ad loa d,v be VI'Owed on rmeay and Siatmutax a,ieW,,tn and morntugs of sale, and catalognes bad at the Star Hotel. Maidgtone the Ship Inn, FIaversbam: and at de3rsts Oxenham's offices, 32, Oxforl-street, near the Pantheon. London. Essex.-Eligible Investment. lRu yB. THORNE Ias received instructions to SELL Mg. by AlCIIION, at the Mast, Bartholomew-lane. London, On Monday, Sept. 28, at 12 for Ipreci paly. bh orderof the mortgagee nDder a power of sale, a very desIrable FREEO.IOLD FSTATE * compridng a residence, with five bed rooms and closets, tbree sitting rcoms. kitchen. pantry, cellar, and brewbonse, altoa 2-stall stable and cartshed, with loft over and hen-house, with garden and large productive orcbard weeU stocked with inuit trees and a pond; also two cotSages ad- luinmg and a blackemith's shop with two Iforges, penthouse and coal. house, containing altogetber about la. 2r. 24p. pleasantly situate in the High-street and Darish of Horsdon-on the-ibll within a inUe and a balfof the Stanford-le-loDe station, on the London, Tilbury, and Soniend line of rai3lway, thereby bringing the property within two ' ride of the metrorolis, writhin two mise of the kennel of the South Essx hounds. and in one o7 the mast healthy ard picturesque viblapsein theounsty. May be viewed by permDision. and partiCDlarJS and conditions of sale, with lithographlo plans, oblained at the place ot sale: of E. Woodard, En1,, solicitor, 3603, Fenchureb-street, London, E.C,. and at the ofiUces of thi auctioneer, SEmconwood anld Biltericay, To Gentlemen. Captialirts. Buildemsandothers-TheStourcliff Estte, Hampshire, facing the sea, irESSIM ABBOTT and SON (in conjunction with Mt Mr. 8fTXNT) have received inmetuions to SELL hi-AUCTION, at the Bath Motel, Bournemouth, on Wedne3day nex Sept 23, at 2, in one or more lets, as may be determined on at the time of Eale (unlea prevbously disposet ot by private contract), an important and highly picturcsque TREZEtOLD ESTATB In the parish of Cristchurch, and contiguous to the fawblonable watering-plaoe Boirmemouth, comprising a capital Marine blanson, calUed StourCliff. houe, possessing every accommodatton, with necessary ont-bulldings, r.nd abonut 214 acres of exceedingly eigible building and sgrlctural land, uith oonvenient farm buildings. The above valuable proDerty mozccgea a frontage of nearly two miles to theses, and odors one of tIre ercet secure buildIng speculathonsr that has recently been, offered to pnWboi coespetitlon. The viewsn insds the Isle of WighS, the South ilsoast. zdnmerous spots of besnSy in the Immeldiate D-alahbourh~ May be viewied by orders from the anctionsers, *nd partIculars, with plans!, ho6. Obtained of John Seagram, B q., r olis'.ins, Warnsem; ot J.Sr.Srtsno, auctionee3r. Warminsier, W1lta t r. Messr. Abbo't and NIon. Chzintehstch; and lIt Londo.n, a} Iir, M'aX'i OH>ai ObIhlQ,td , row!, )iaozlon- e, Weetwharn. Rent.-Biy order of the liortgagee.-D.,tacbad YroebolU P.eederoe and Grounds, and beveral Cottages in lots, cWOZ7nfer aoteg for the County. Ri . DEBENHAM WMl SELL, at the Maxt On Fri. kL day, September 241. at 12, a comuniodlous FREEH0l61 REIgS! h)ENCE, knOwn as Stratton-houwe. hasung 1G romp wit gtri of about an acre. situate niose to thoa favourite town of West,rban.,, on Of the mobt beaUtiful and proverbially bealtby spots In the county of Kent. The1 nearest gtate(n is BleiLbridge, wh'.nce the trains run to and from London in au hour. AI1o, in three lot.. Six Oottages, witih rdenascreehoid and land tax rezleemed), let to good tenants (one ont Caael.artoiilars of ltltr Head, WLsterham;- of Messmrs.Logmoro, Swordor. and Loegmore, solieitors : and of Meesrs. Jackson and Sons-, aectioneers Hertt.,rd ; also of %ir. Dlebeubham. auctioneer, 20, Cheap. Fide, who will for -ard them by poet on applioation. To Buildeis, BraillCptlse n tes-Iaoif.na tpe Statien -Tte oes and a Timber-yard. M R. DEBE ~will SELL, at the Mart, on Fr. ta . Sp 25. ut 12, ID one lot, THREEf HOUSES, brick-bullt, in good repair, and well drrtted, beirg 1. Brook-street, and 19 and 20 Percywinkle-stzeet, with timber-yard adjoining, let to retpectable tenants, and producing a rectal of £88 a year (lse taxes), bol for M2yars unexpired at a ground rent of £15. The yard aLffords an eligible buiding site for three more houses Particullars on the premises of George Wells, Eil..es*llcitor, 20, Clm-tet;adaM.Dbn ham's offices, W0. Cbeapeide. Cl eoere;adaM.Dbn Remunerative abost LoeaebotdIxlovestmets iwelle. weekly pr- perty, within Ibimiani ea' alkof tee Rank, M R DBE HAE will SELL, at the Mart, on I y.September the 25th, In one lot, SEVEN brick-built HOUSES, NZot Ito 7, Nelson's huaridnga, Rtemington-street, Cityr-road, a respectable nefgbbourhoocd, where bouses of this class are in constant demand. T..tal rental £21 psr annum, from old-standing tenants, lease 18 years nuexpires, at a ground rent of 14 guinesaL ParticalasrA at theMat of Messrs Wright and Bonuer, solicitors, 15, Londonstreet. and of 'he auctIon)eer, 50, Cheapeide, Knoo-A Farof hadoembe ils in solne o m mediate ocrunatlon,-ql fDeodcnb urchased. iIR.B DEBI, N HAMidretdb the Mortgagor, LY.wtit councrenceof h otae,t kL, tte1ly,o Friday. Sept. 25. at 12. in losTW atflyinhdmdeRE SIDENCES, wihb portio eiue n odgres o.8ad4 St. Leonard's-road, three miue'wl rmth igtnSain held for 28Syears, at ground et fLiec.A ucae ilh an opportuniaty of buying tsfehl nmdrt em.Prin ,are of W. liranscombe.eq, sI-ir aie-or,Ho-tet and of Mr. Dbebenbam,. 80. bapie Redbiul, Relgate. -Two eifiyfslhdVla,bdatamt M R. DEBENIL wl EL t the Mart, on ,LLFriday, Setptember ,at2,itwlo.TW 5enlyum mnoderm VILLA. RESIDENE.Ec a 1ros ihlregy deny,200 feet deep. Thehossaeftewihvrycnnec,ad arepesnl situate, in theSalor.,aotfr lue~wl from RdhillStation.Thyaeetatdtpruc£2pran num each; hold for long tem,drc Irmte reodr tgon rents of Li1 2s 60. ea~ch.Psiueao ess oa ehl;a h Mart: of Messrs. Walteresn o,slctr,1,Bsnhls~~ .and of Mr.,Dobaubant. 80, haple For Absolutet Sae-Lucratlve Inemntasmal1u hldrj ~IB. DBENHA willSELL,at the Mart, on LVIFrIay Seteber25 at12 Inon lo,TWO brick-bhut HOUES,4, ndS. arkr-sret, rur-lae,and lrge Worbsobops In the ear Med drec fro th frehoderfor235 yenrs unexpired, anid prodcingat te pesen lowrenals n inomeof £54 a year, after Comarercial-road, 'gba. malLaeold luseosment iLl B. DEEENH M will SELL,at tho Mart On oVI Mriday, September 28. at 2 ueata sxree WLr ISOinunrstrueet Cd m la-c,d er1h or eoo,Od et years;. grud-rou s 3 Patiulr atM.Dbnamscms adlargeo-rn -Cnvnin Mel~eaybdCtaeHedne ngo lanmoiz. DEE as Awh is inalgustrace SELa h and of at, o Friay, Septembrer2at 1, anet eOIar~ eB! DMRnha 80. CUCTION atde. MaeraewL ouThvaubetokf a valmberlerAhanfthe comprt. lEl W ilbEL yAUTOltn h for arn ss olngenlo,adjlgteCi~Te aen ontMonay Setmev8adfllwn ia,ae1fot ahdy h wal hasotd SfTOC,cmrsnb,0 ieolns el,adbtes 9.00 i. ide pebor.100fma Ofayadbrh ,0 t ur adlreeuntyodyoustf.Mybe viewed.o auda ro Caruntoneitn. Fo cr ino Pnasnen.ncaps.e-.-t M .LEREW will S LL by AUCTION, a at 1on Teurmday.lOctle,latg12, theovaluable LEASH Nf the comact39 Oakell-builtreoIN No. 91, Charruton-street North held.I forla undiredto thermuk ofabu 24 deors, fo Yataatmoderate rgn, nd o h renstiae vau f£2pranm lay be viewed by rabinote orderts, and par-Ldr tiortlyr had atthflat obf.HMprey DReq. Huhsolicitor. East Gndahoambs. itheeMat;and ofl its auction r erer,Csduetton.eerot2, Cardpgtte-atroat, Keuim,-ow A near the liightai Station o h ot Lno al Gr.Sml eaeholdb.,f e the vralu eaof £00 pter nnm R.A.LERCEWwillSELL byR AUCLOL aUTIthe ber23Mart 2 fon Threcsday,. Oc-itober 1,at12 i thre lots, TWO wall wuilth semidet achead VILLAS dleslrahy situatgd e No,7 Nd. 9, CIrcus oad nuals a well-bultm o aixerome House, ye o,s 4, G'Odas,e fa-rove,ygt Circus-ro5ad.Hltoa padso 0ya tlow groundritfel4eantm renbtv, May beaidatew laed,danddpatioulagha tthe Mb3art; and oftheDaucioneer, CrIons; fewustrewt mpet and-Hrproa. slct MlOb ok ardofth sctouer Lnd sonl-Pterret, StrEancas=tO%ret A. R ICHERE sdece to SELLLbybAUCTIO MJ a The0 Mart, Batot mwlnhiy on Fthurday, ortesr ofth 38, and r39,of keleyer:N.9,Ca r ntn.ete .Set. Not 13t14,1or Myelel. 1.1,1.20 tan a 2,morsnttnDtELtLINo,G usl-HOUSEand an a mwaied-ls gaorenground in thera fOke-qaehe reh,olda head diregtyo sthea Dkebofienor, or l rorsmat nyoyeratorsot rat.S vb ewdb e'ison of the tenats adpant,lr shortl ho at the Mrniarl; of Me. avi anhd olctr 3,Gebm sGreet,wullhall and of t r.Lrw. actonee,2 Crigousmt GLe,wisha, Rent.-Desvba lLeaseholdFetal..~ ?JR. A. RICHARDSON will SELL by AIUCTION, LV at the Mart.opposits. the Sank of England, on Wednecday. tepo hr23, aet for, at2 preily a wcl-bu iltrivcteey byoderoW teEe cutGorsE wPRIVATREIECSwt a gardens back. and front,pestlsiue , and bIgN.,Cte rine-gthrove, Growess-dct. l stallet to helae r mostrndeystf£2y perat withannum:holdeo Dlteasef walter of t09 yeizamRs,lel day Stio, fromsCritma.15,at aer low gon rentsamutn tof£ leS7 per annum. Heay be vlewefr. I ndpstulare and conditions of aals had at the Mart;:a the principaltus Iin;of Meesr a, kewman ad Harper soiiomUlrtors, andlof ghe aufolk antfth auioneer. London- itee reetnwGi enich Drackbenth-Bel;rmo,de-w4ehpitala Leasehold iE_Asest. M R A.RICARDON illSELL by A UJC-ON _B_ iouselyamost.sttsentialrtlok.ttbcit koWEL lNGHUEand, nWd nesa,te2dSHOptme, wt vance fof worecselyopderin the rear,tcu fmoundinrlanstuateoa the footrof BlWte.athmi fosrmanylear LbASE ustninelpremil)osesiofthelaeM.B wWal teooglr.aindd now1tontle asetlur sPerkea.a Mother adbingdoqwatrenat o 5 erennm Dkhesldf Bromaor-e soaiongfofmheat andonptretticullar et,and bondtin of sileWo handoatth Mart;gat inthe Tpri eteo l h rncipal nns-nofMesrs. ,aad v.Brsh.solctrse, Geenwch tndo f the-r and thnear. tonEdtnla leat, Grneeyonw airsh. er mdeywle, aidshem iebt-lesib Lbruhheaseol Esttowel ea ate A.SSRC.ARDSON aill SELNvllbySAUCTION the Mart. opust the Brmiankof Sepbnglandm,o Weodnesday,th lId eptember,ldySet.21 att2foI3 rcoprecis2. by lv ordDerdSTC of thaxctr oftbARlaTeMs SGA WaltER, inoneslgoft,eWOveryI subtandrtialhrickbuil PiVAht hre mEIEcEh with. po lary,ge dgrcardenschootand frot,cand. one wittingsanerectisoeand wssoftalestable mostadelightfully stae wisofthinthreofinthesb walkrof jgtheLwsa roailwwayStatin ecloene to fblek.hea:the andabeing No 1rnd 2, sanftieldterofe Lboutltroham-rsof ltatoesI ra. Tppinygoosdeber.rCotand mossnt remectaMblerannulteanis, Fthe Eprlobf Dartmouthetsraterm ofelsbetot years, ladsoffhih41weeunxitred andnum. Sl terefets ay be viewed b ev ftersetv ten anspirts, and pri culrsnandgondtin ofle saaloges ohead at theMart:ies at the prnIpanns of tMe surs.Pasedn dltr so ns. olictors,aucwioneems; and ofethe,ens: Dureetora. Wyobe house, rpiadwsLeaseholdersinetment. looelot.atth Ma rt, o pepositearthe Hanlofwnln, nWd nesday,then IdaSptmbr at 20 for 3 precisely,w bay,orderoun of theMot numbertof otsertan absoltoer of sal e,aentmostdesial LERNTUE- seErS,Sitae,Sd. en M NEsLwand sre,DELTOTTd arermondo l -eadntromtedonsre to BP ilTl-streetO, abot ahe miletbonlowt,Londonbridsel, iaonthveorycenre lotP,agmll bt epinalugraarie atdHOLwhiArves cloe o,Ml-etDirmsand near to Earstr,laneRandhmonsld, omwigners,Hlr mondcy-wal, ad thechie thnoushbres,L nt o pwerlyaents, aa t low sam, rnoutlsgto £35 19. pe ann m. od for ca termof 511 year frm Ldy-dy, 803 at he erymodeategrond enlt of £ per anum.Slaybe viwed y leve ofthe espetivetenats,Dan norelulerand ondiions f sas hadat te Mar: atthe pincial innsin he elcbouhood ofIt.W. ame, Rq., oliito,aGeenich bad (21 daya ptiorI at the Start ateo( Phe Catl wotevl.l ,hmond be line, ,C.: ad at t e 1ceo of Messrs Mansell San Elliott, surveyor andlad acests IA. elrae-gaDequare, S.W.. and 12, Corttl, Bc. Penranne C0oTIwaIL-ImPortaxt and extonsive bfanufactnrsng Pro- Mises, held at a ground rent, boenaded by the sea wrall, inathe oscupa tlon of the London and Penzence Serpetine Company. Also the vralaable Plant and MAcbinesy, the StOck In Trade, and the Losse of Six strvies. J.EOYES hws been instructed by the official £71J Liquidator (3PpotUted by the Court of Chancery to wind up the aboveo ompaur) to SELL by AUCTION, at Garvaway'a Coffeebrute, on Wednesay, the 30th of September, at 12 o?cioc*_ the above valuable PROPERTY. The premises are extensive, have been built with Stone during the last four ye"as In the most complain sod substantial manner at a cOst Of EvTerol shonEaud pounds, and contain a noble show roomn, factory, masons'and turnera' shops polishaIna engine aud store omasse smithy, boiler-house, large shed yw%rdb. a Also a desirable riat of Buildfkg Leand, having a frontage oR 20D feet: The machinery Is of the beat description and in eacellent workting conditiom, and will be sold with the leyse, It consists of two high. pDressure steam-engines, it turning lathes expenaivea swing frames, Ac. The purchaser of the lease and plant wHi barn the opotio of taking the slock of serpentine stone and Sicilian marble, consl3ting chiefly of chimney pieces at Penrance and London. or either, at a, fair valnation. To any party jdesrous of embarxking In this buatnesa a n-.ott desirable opportnuityl13lsoreby offered, but the gremisca from their extent and eligible situation, and from their yoeaeeing eTery modern In,1rovemnent. offer unurnal advantages rumr many other masslufactssrts purposes A plan and elevation may be seen atthe auctiouee cic fee. TIhe premises, plant, and stock masy be viewed on application to Sis. Bradbury, on the premIses. Pas-ticulars may be bad there; of MseErrs Clutton and Ado, solicitors, 48, MRIgh-treet, Soutbwark; of H., Croyrdli, Esq., olticis liqndatear, 84, Baningball.strees l at tho principal hotes at Piyrmonth wad, Truro; at Garaway-a e:and at the 'ucilnear offices, 33 Ars chu rch-I noe Lombard-etreet, ii), Devonshire-terrce Hyde-roftkgirdez&,Modern F5irsJtur Sni Elffects. R. FREDER,ICF A. MULLETT will SELL on Mt the Premises, as abe' e, on Thuasday. tholiftbint. at 12o'olocic the gtenuine modlesn EUR qIURE and SITrINGS of dre residdence: compisig te usal ~ cambe apendge, drawing room appuiat. reus inroswood Si. rsewod bokcse,cabinets. Ice, and ocassIoal abes,brllir. ehmna-saves,setofextending dining tables, charsin orcco frdlgig iti, roael ad.oter carpets, sup, Notloo-Lim&,street, OLty. MESSRS. ELLIS and SON beg to announce LIthat the LRASEaOLO PREMtISE8, situate ro Losestreet, advertised. for sale on the 24th last h"ve been D1S33'63D OF by Private Oontraot. -Fenohurch street, September 16. hmewiApleasaanlat;moemtiL eedeuce, with iSabilug an-d MESRS ELISan SO ae illedtoSELL a moern ILLARWDW m peasatl situate at the Souith end of Southamsptoa street, Camberweil, near Clamden Church, cale Nio. 1, Nelson Villas-, with stabilsg and oDash-house, and gooo garfis, approached by a flight of steps. endso-ed by fore coert and Iron railinigs. Held by leas for a term of 20yearsfromCCiliiD185l,st a ym rent of £10O per arnnum. Printed particuars may be had I4 dara prior to the sale, of William MurrAy. Sin,, wgolstor, London-street at Oarraway's - and of Mteesra. Elli and Son, auctioneers anid esta ,Ments, 26, Fens'hurcb-street. p,,'~' rLtsanebeible investment tor small eaPltallsts 1IIUSSR EL IS and SON are directed b& the ,LVJ Exeutes ofthelate Mmrs Cuthbert to SELL by AUCTON, atOn-aay' onThuday?,,Sept, 24 at i!i in lots, PIVE LEA.63 fOLDbnlk-iuiltHOUES,being 1Roa. 20,' 21, 22, 24 and 25, Jangstret Oosserlalrod;Two ditto Houses, No., 1I and 20, Newstret, Nw-rad, ol rertal-road- a ditto House and Shop, No. 1, flamsireloseeer.~et a ditto House, so. 8, storei-street- ditt Houe, N 2, anneplace, Jameeetreot, CAnmon-street-ronLe Thehoues ye ll etpzincipall to old and good tenante, Printed andSa, ollitrs8, ,cnabes,Loibuy'atGerrway's; &an ealaet,36. Pensharch-it, S.E LSand SO1' are directed to BELL 0y7UCIO, at Garraway's, on Thursday, Septemaber at12 Jrdoc, a capital FREEHOLD MANSION, constrUnotd an- fiisedI the maost autierior manner, in the Elizabethan style of architecture. It stai%dn perfectl detached, in a Romo open situation, c-ommoanding maost extensive and beautiful viewsi, and in surrounded by pleasue grounds and garden, abouLt 3* acr-. It Is approached hi a handsome carriage drive, and in uDrovidad with every aooommodationi for a gentleman's famnily. Also detached double oarrisen-house, three-stall stable, lofts, and maen's room; an abundant surply of spring and soft water, andI the drainne je oDmplet Taohe viewed by tickete only. Printed partinulas may be hat of Messr. Pearce Phiflms Wlnkworth. and Pearce, solicitors (jreg.ain house, Old Broad-street: at Garrawas's; and of Mleess Ellis and Eon, auctioneers and estate agentts, 38, Fennburoh-street Bethrial-green-ExteeierehlPrmssadteframnn fatryo oruildnPupes _W SSrE ELLIan SON aedicted to SELL bLLy AUCTION, at arraway's COffee-hOuse, Oan,alg-sley, COrnhil, on Thursday. September 24, at 12 valuablo FREE OLD PR.OPERTY, situiate at Twig Folly, Pryeston-street, Green-street, near to thePRegenit's Cana,l,and adjoining theVictorI Cemeey ca iig brick befit dwelling hous., tent cottages, stabling, sheds, o Tb. plt of ground is now used assa twine2sinning factory, and as enclosed grm the road, and we'l adopted, for building purpose Or.the erecton of a massuactory. To he viewed by applying on the premises, Printed particulars mi.y be had It days por to the salc, of George Henigman, Req Solicitor, 2A olIlegfe-hill, Cannon-street ; of 3Mesrs Tan Sandau anda Cummning, solIcitoms 25 King-etreet, Oheapside at Garraway's - and of Messrs Ellis and bon. auctinoner and "est agents, 36, Ieneburch street The Britis Spr Cnl Copn' okFirfield-road, Btow, Mid. ~ASSRS. ELLIS and SON have been favoured 'With LVI instrurtons by the Directors of the British Sperm Candle Caompa .~~~~~~a Gwn-way's, on Thureday Sept. 24, at U, oe lt, he eteDdTeand admirbl adapted LRltEISlES, the superior and ostely Plant and Utensils, and the Goodwil of tbis Important Undertaking, estsblished at an expenditure of nearly £30,000. Th Company was formned for the manufacture of manel and camposite candlle ; an article ham been produced of unrivalled quality and a Taluable and extensive comnexion now exists throughout the VDngdam and the cDolones, Ax, opporcunity ls thus offered to caipitalisto of entering upnu an established undertaking, calculated to yield the most itberal profits. The whole of the plant and utensils ane in oomplete working condition, and migbt be timmediately put into operation; they have been constructed upon the most approved principles, embody. tag all1 modemn scientific improvements. The heating prooesses through. Dun. the manufacture and the chief part of the meehanlral operations are performed by sfteam. The present Plant Is equal to the working o1 about 00 tons of candies per week, but the p remlses would, admit of a considerable extension of the manufacture by a small addition to the plan. Te pemiss, hicarewitin ivemnutes walk of the Bow staton,andoccuy a ara o upwrdaof ontacr,es, are held by lease for bou 83yeas, a a roud rnt o £6 pe aIum, With PoDwer to redem te sme,makng te popety reeold. To be viewed by tickts nly.Prited artculas my behad14 days prior to the sale tawa's;andof esss. lli andSan antloeer an esateagents, e,9nauh-erae 'gwr -rodAbsolute Sale, the lease of tht others.~C~TaGroere, Families, Fixture Brokers and 71j[R PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, L Ion %he Premises, on Monday. Sept. 21, at 12, the genuine STC,Fixtures, anid Utensils In Trade of a Grocer and 1Italia Wrhuea,comprising teas, coffees, sugmar, spines, fruits, sanoes, PIcls Jams,jlis, British Wines, brooms, brushesP, mahogany-top counters nees of drwes,selving gas Sititng cansters stales weights, weighing machines, mills, 1e, Also a few lots of us=u Hoeuehold Furniiture. On view momning or sale. Catalogues on the eremises: and of the acine.2.Puty In Bskrupty.- Pe Pite Lawrence. grocer, 3, Windsor-place, Ol-d Hen-ro&---&bolue Sle by direction of the AaslgaeesL 1I,R. ETE BRAD will SELL by AUCTION, MLk n te Prtemises, on Tue,day, September 22, at 12, the genuine STOCK In TRADE, comprising 400lbs. black and gren tea and coffees, one ton raw and refine-I sugars nines, fruIts, jams, jelles, k.; the fixturesi and utenslIs, Including mahogany counters, nests 01 drawers, Scales, weights, weighing machines, mills, gas fitttnugs; also a few lots of us-eful EHousehold Furniture, And, at 2 o'clock precisely, the benef IcIa Lease of the premises,Faul particulars of which, with catalogues may be lhad on the premaises ; of gMese. Hil and Matthews, solcictors, 1, Blury-court, St. Miary-axe : and of the auctioneers 'P, Poultry. Oin view day prior and momiug of sale, Superior Household Furniture and Effects for absolute Sale,-20, St, Jae'-lc,Pall-mall. MR, PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, LJ.as above. on Wedneeday next. September 23 at 11, all the substantial HOUSEBHOLD) FURNJITUJRE and ErFE6!]8, comprising an elegant walnut-tree drawing room suite, Spanish mahogany dining room suite, mahogany bedsteads, wardirober, bootrasees, tablesi, bedding library farniture, do. On riew day prior 3od moruhug of sale, Oalaoguea on the premisec. aud at Mlr. Peter Broal's, 28 Poultry. VaubeTown Resdence, 20,~ S.ams-pcePllmail, with Im mediate poesearion, for abeolutadneerdil,b order of the Mfortgagee, R. I PETER BROAD is instructed to SELL by MVkAUCTION, writhout reserve, on the Premises, an above, on Weduesdlaynext, Septemxber 23, at 1, the valuable LEASE of the above MANSIONs comvprising two drawing redsins dining room six bed rooms, spaoousoffirss, &c., and held at the nominal rental oi £120 per annum. May be viewed prior to the tiale, and particulars kad of Mlr. Pete-r Broad. 28, Poultry. Pai ofSmalCotags, earDuliO-Lesehold. M~ESSRS. HAIM-OND and RILOART Will SELL bIy AUCTION. at the lfark on Thursday, Sept.24e,a 24w Pat in tw ofts,ma-detac CotTES knownlabe aILs,Tud9 Ctanes,Hamegtbonmpakroad, Loear thoRnoya a,IndUntrpi well letootpouin 3 O.prannm helda frenearl 80yeesa only £99.Ma eviwd Partdcuarstof Mesrs.b tlo W. Son,an Action, 8erannon-street, hncity; and teactoer,28 hney ,ane, ~ ~ ~ s Loe ehls.-for 0 olxs-sd Hgouses LjESSBS. HMOND and EILOART will SELL M .by AUCT5O.' at the Mart, on Thursday, Soptebe 24 at, I'_No.9 UTwoNltsaPLAIR o;fsemi-detahred years,&, atIsj and 20 besdtfoure ovark-d n ear athe moyealtak inoexcellent.As reai wel 2et aot £4gban £2perM aUnd,numyrespetiely,andeldGxrh o for naly9 per atnnrumand rents fof aonly £0 yeasatalwlon.ret May be viewed, and partcar 'd5W7htcuck, Pehad of oetsr, 2,ead antd-coubet, Temle; t 2h rt Fand' tenhe waiclk;eea' offie,M6t n 2 at C he utoee le lancery-lane, Eurstodn-lae, New-ro ad and Galeeut-hnlut Sale, by Order of-1 tee~ orertofathes -cTworLeseo ld.R.S Huesq. MESSS. HM rvONDand EILAR WUIl SELL bAUTON. at the Mart, on Thursday, Sept.mber24,at 12,No2 oerTNorwood Stetifor. cothreyars,u atv £e0 rorannum heit ld fptor rovers, ympears,matcamoderat round rent.rAlso a.e24, rdn,ttingham place, Miand, foneat Wkitchgarden,Chuob; lInetxore£9Uetrepannum and hareldfr aboutio 40 yhear gatdentow gboundrn. Mayb bewvewe, and par-irlr tofuiafe had of Messes. RHead aond,andbeny oictr, 2, KanIn-g'sreth-ty walk;a t tho at:a da the auct Ioneer'rofilce, 28,Chancey-lane Learwoof DlghfiVil ndGren,na tuheCytalo Ptaluace,b order o th Exeout-dsoy ev Satc Req. E WARDLUanLd SELL by SELL MESSES03. otHAMrinss NI No.7D YSd RTweill theL.2 at ON,r12 t L atVo theMrt oni hurtSEay, September524 eara1, Lweth owond Sttion.fsae conainn five beadayrozoms,capta Mreceptiony rofoms6,apl domnesti ola e,m nsraoy onmna gre,wt lawnesureand f -ounai, 7ithe gtardn,d.;ValbleI exocelle ntgepir. The vla ad portion Goflth aud su avre Wapyholdgantasmllofin, endthoko ofsl hadX of M he Prs. ixn,lion, e0Srnd, non,8 CusanneDon-steet cty and flofwhacioneersy. a128.r Chancerdy-launde, edo ggm Lhevaseuoabole STrandK an them Patentig htot50gl tod Manufr atches wiht M aeteigh-dre' velrhda mevermenot,2Geierswte,n Vi TIOe . m ovmnthe Premies, k o740 Slgatrmand,eo Tuesday, Sept.o 22. alot 11ferl 2, the LEASk ofthewgeldlPry,shop E hitneld for a years,to with codtion ofsaloge. mayb bead, fiveedays prior,t athePl Mrf LMleyss to.fines, 6L7, Chasey ance.yse ReB nksurley. Cand 00-o 0 tandBie.-Valutabl SOrk o if english-mst Asineoto1LLb TION, n the remise. 30. trand on Tuedy hSpebrsd2y, with te patet eigt-day ever ovemen, b24 env wetroheis, on finihed ovemnts.case, d. 40elegnt mntel bra 2sl andOther cloks,fasionblestok o leeller,sho llurs, aud a variet of Sonboroce, , wi Chinancwdos fhery-lane,-lgl alal re bold roperty.R paCotendt and lease rodu,-n bl Old5 Lier Policue. MR. T. S. SNlITH has received instructions fro tSEL Asine to -EL byTIX',TON at the Mlart. On ThumyOcoeS.a12frsdy Oc t ober aot,1 orli twvallable TREE OLDm l OLAT Dtut OiCIE ofe A-t SUrAt CE, forlthm sum tof r.ear eaf h eLesedwith thved Metropolitanea LopifeAssrnce twociwetyling bousand180 aon th lieofsM. 89ande2-, whoto £1 mIe WSd. P arbeutre and conibon ofrl ezntshad at thre Mrt of 0 DerS Smnin .thr 4 ombadwef osteet,ad Uthon, Essex. li-pac, n h eriholdnPropiery paromt lbm let on lease,.rdun £292B per annum.an imeletat aUCIN osdeatlytheMasdrt. ntal.hursay, ctber &wd at12 par1. icustot,a vluabe le,iobtined onTTE stuae prrin attheht patofHl ,i iharo reroalci'-.cvrnd larf ares;. Tessr anoforls, Barbers,an Buh,dearl teabnets,atma rnta ofh£rs 0 pe anu; hre welishose, hewhleofDoELn.La in A the rea, it enracefrm Hlhmn le o las, a £~ er nnm,an undenlet ea onsideably incresed renta. Myb iwd olpr oroa and plank. 3D.0S0 feet mahogDny, resewood. maple, birch, sodI walnut veneers, 4,0'10 feet dry ash, oak, and beechb In plank and hosed, 20,100 sluas fe tet dry Ilerig boards. 2 0D0 feet 11De fits-ish veneer wood, 6,600 feel good holly sod 6sycmore veneers, Spaih logs, oak staves, bird'see meaple, hezad miahogany. penell cear, and the usual stock of a tImber merchant. 5ay be viewed Mhonaday and mumning o'l sale, Cat alogues had of the aucti1oneer, S, Angel-place Isltngon; M,ad an the psemises. No. 13, Nortbhwckerramc jiaita-hIll. M ESSRS. EMP willSELL by AUCTION, on the LA premisees, on Tuesday. Sept. 2. by direction oi a gpent.leman rem_ovng, the remaining FURNTURea, cumprisim- fhoe so-t enU d French bedsoads, exellent feather beds and ibetdidg, crsts of drwers, chimneye and dresing glosea, Brussela carals,2 drowiny-oitom crnirs, and couch. diic. v tables, mahogany p:les, or and med tables,oi numerouslneprints Tobohl iet edte morningof sale, Catalo on ti ernise, and itf the auctioneers, H 7, Judd-street. a Q and Sil-. Albany-street, N.W. 69, thsytireet, Eaton-s'snare,-ltounebold FurnIture, Plate, Pant -I MR. FBED. GOTTwI SELL by AUCTION . o the Pree 1i on Tneeday, Sept. 22, at 1, the HOUtSEHlOLtD FURN.ITURE. comprising beebte dl and bedding, chetT ot drawers, I cmth imteygas PPMalioese tomr.gt1hs, sofalos,n chaIr,e0 or,zd at plate aIoren-tgs, hny )hW a gar Nw.iewdt gbs day prior, and catatogwt badkonte premises; ntad si Mas re ; a 3, M BlkIn-terrace, Beigras, ,; syuare. T h ei hror.ctobe let. etkoHya-trgwt adpho t<ng Loelrod EiS bd, n.odere soud E Ffe t; c rndl uRe abog irgI'. d street, Camden- town 1IM R. ABBOTT will SELLg by AUJCTION o 1e D, theav'remiee,son Friday, September 25.at 12reclrely f hnd truteCre, In two m a Drnabte long LEASEHwOLD E:mTA' 5, with idu er37,atevyowrudrt f£ esr .nm lof Fred oAd IDT, Oment Aen'y Receired, and produbing £192 per aucnnm, Holloway h!lddloscL MR. BILEYwill SELL by AUCTION, at Gar. aWYSOnTuesd%y. Sept. 29 at 12, by dl.eotlon of thae Exeoutore HOUSE nd WIN VAU1,1'i, known a tse fo)rd Nelson,sa Dwelling Housgand Shop adjoining, situSte in front of the highir rd,, Holloway: aothe OtesI , er,priducing asecurerental of X$0 f,er annum, 1et On lease, for which a 'plreium of £L250 was pa.ld.. TMay Do vie6.el by vemeissint Of tie teunot, ad partioulars had At Garraway's, of Oco henrderson, S q., s-gl'ouitr. a22, Loa0enh*11.asreet; th AD=m and Zre.lAverpoal-coA,i. and at the ofiosc of tho auctijonee, 27. Cllwl-streot, Fiosbury-,q ,arc, EO. In Bsinkruptay.-Four Prebl otgs O-oe ury Bq . BAILEY ilSELbAUlINatGa raway's, on Tea,Set2, t11 o' lock. order of the Assigpees of Roan Ber n C. EEEIOL with isarden eligiblystatInrototh h LiO rA,, Godetone, gu:rey. an tir.sal ta, i OochTw gardena on the oppoiead ftora,I h e,tiof Coleman.treet.buldlngs o Messrs DlrokaiB0s,stctr leng totes atmoderat groun-retos lIAR. BAILEY ~~will SELL by AUCTION, at ALL Grraws's. n Tusday,Seat 29. at 12, In 10 lot4, consisting of FlIcE cpitl noer-boll HUSES, with forecousce and IT'g gardens in th remr, desirably isituate, being Noe. 5, 7, and 8, Carlion.. read, Tunfell-park, West: a genteel Residenoe, No. 12, Torrlano-gros-e; two, conenienlat Residences Noa. 20 and 27, Leisbton-grove; and fouir excellentHEonms No-.], 2.s,ad 9. Leighton-villas, Talbot-road, 2(entigh-Sowzs, all In first-rate Msimntos. good repair, and respectably tenanted. May beviewed by leave of the sepectisetenante, and par., ticenasreof sale had at Garraway's; of IMessrs. Dimmnock and Be,rhay. eOlcitiors, 2, Buffolk-lane, Cannon-street of Mr. Lonan, house agenti, 10, Torriano-grove, KCentish-town; and At the ohiloes of the auctioneer, 27, ChIewell-strcet, Fillsbury,souaMe BO . Trehel Goun Slntor 9 erannu,rith the vlal eeso ofarackrntof£2opers at endof 1y, mr.Land-txx 11, B.BAIEYwill SELL by AUCTION, at Carn-a £71 ay's onTuesay,Sept. 29, aLt It, by direction of the Trueteeg of helat Jseh SIls.Esq., a secure FREEHIOLD GRtOUlOD RENTof £0 pe annm, aising out of 14 houees in Greenfield-street andChalealae, abrtdistanee from the Commercial-road East, nesW Iechpel le onlease for sn unexpired term of 15.f years from Septmbe 29,182. My be lewed three dayseproedeeing the s ale by perelelonof he enaes PartIcular may ha had at Garrsway's ofb B.H irmmonds, Rsq surveyor No. 7 Great Alg-street, Whie. cao:of Geore Henderson. Es~., eulloitor.,I, 2I,eadenhall.street; anda the offices of the auctioneer, 27, Chiswelli-street, Fiasbury.. Bqae,.C. BALY wilSL yACTION, at Garra-. .A.V,L wy'z on Tuesa,Spebr2,a 12, by direction of the Aesigneeg oi Evnsr oaean ndCo, h vlabeWHARF, knownx as T.inlty Wharf, nearn the Comria oks nlIeprsh of St. Mary Roterhthe,a pece f vcantGrond acoiing theroto, witk the ranay orwareoce, nely eecte ata ve-ry connsideralle, ax. o120, at.,oheld upon leas fo em f6 ers rmth ho Septemberld9 alPta eey lob en,Myee]iwd and EatrIar5Aouing buldng; f esrsEDLo sand rb, SO Solcitors,I. nifuilans vannon-treeT;of M eaeb.Snil ecae PR ndTI wOn., noliciold, en. cuonh n c.tbreetheatOarrawty i o s- obin nmrd hy rdio seell-atreat,oFBnsLnbY-ersTate, Traty.the auctoneer' suoaies 27.oChic. 27,yCaoMetsmredet,20 2and Bonn, and Gr0, -srIngtWiLiandoee, cityO - LeaehodGroetes, blogins S ty.Fehe ond onE -and Estrbo a tht he BEADEL and SONS are tnstructed o, isrncEo o EL by PrTivNate treaty.Fo Bparticularswandn Locedan- DixT fday, September7j, at 12, Inonse lo t,tose deairable andI eligibly Bttuate PBEXISESS, (orf'tirgssho and warehouse, with private entrance, known as No,.18, Grsam-street, in the ocupaton of Messrs.Mill and Bovthwlck, hunttng and say manufacturers, ancd UMesr. Carter and Austen, tobasoDni.ts, who occupy under an arragemenit by which the psirclaser may hakve occsspation 0n the oompletioa of the pirchbase. The situa-tion of thes valuable freehold promises. lIe S~SRSeaean Sons,D2L Grsand et SO ndon ar , inC.tdt AJ.offer for SALE by AUCTtON at the Hart Bartholeumew.taue, londen, on Tuesday, Bor-ember 3, at 12 for 1, without the slightest reserve. tbefoilowing COTNETIVKINR INTEREST.4. viz. :-Lot L An undirlded Holety of Freehold Estates and 7.im Souinds, In Cornelal, 0f the es'imated Annual value of about £3,000; i-r, in certain events,, a sum of £2,000 in lieu of the said nmoiety. Lot 2. A-n undivided Mioiety of Freehold and Dneby Lands, in Cornwall, worth about £500 Per annum ; or, In certsin events, a nums of £e2,D000-i lIen of aeld moiety. And LA S. Th4 Vendors Interesi, as one of the probable next of kin In a personal en-ate, ansouuttag to £20,000 soil. asjwardL, Furiher particulars way be 'lad'of Messes, Digby slnd Son solicitors, Malden, Essex : at the Mart: anid of Mewrs, Beadel as4 Sons, 22 Grrelham.treet, hadonde, BC. DIFSR.I. S. BAKER andSNwilBL by ,LVI AUCION,on the Premiers,N. II ieohl qar.R mond-road. Barnslmrsr.os, siso, nFia, et 0 a h modem FURtNITUJE adEFCS omrsn aoay Arabian, And Iron bedtas ete es ato..,adbfsig double and stogiecheatsof dinwers, japnewa-ssdsadth usual chamber appenxdages, handsome pdsasieor,bkcase, Bruwels and tapestry carpets, chlmney-glse, hgaycar,a' drawings-som msilte In rosewod, mermo daakwndwcrais i. derminster carpets, some achina, andgls,teualkchnriiies do. To be viewed the day preceding and monnofsl,weca- ogoos may bebhadon te premises;wad ofMsr,. ,Bkrn. So,17 pper-street, Islingtno. MIESSRS. D. S. BKE an SON haTve receiv'e4 L Iinstruotiona to SELL by AUTON,a the Mare. on Thursilny October 8, at 12, a genteel and cn efral LEASKEHOLD HOTJslj ,ituate No. 13, Diwinlug-terrac, Compton road,l alnteetn, contiguousa to CanDenbury-equame and In the tmmeditate neighbourho6d of thebesba parts offflehbury and Canonhury. It is in cmplete repair, and let to an exoellent tenant, at ths low rent of £443 per aunnum, Held on lease for an unexpired term ef neawly 92 years at a grouned rent of £95 per annum, To be viewed by permIssilon o cthtetenant, and partlonlais had 24 daYs prior to the sale of W. B . Tars-ant, Esq., solicltor, , Bondcourt, Walbrook ; at the Auction ISLart; and of MosnerD. D, Baker and Scie, 207, Upper atro-k Isuington, (Ilerkenwell.-Desirable Premises I rpronuegaged t the th BA). an SON will BELL by the Mart. on Thurnday. October S, at 12, a cons. pact R~~~OUS, 8 with small garden In the rear, Situate, Bo. 50, Spencer ) Oh-streetSiJo-ereecroaes,rell adapted for invett, tees o ocupaion beng te mdst o We. populous and manufac.- turng istict Th prmiss wll e vmet alt Mebselmsas, anld hare bee hihero lt a £4 pe anum,Held direct from the Marquis ot NorhamtonIte feehldei. at a roned rentof £95perhannum,for en unexpiredtr of 2 er.T eaord and partlolarso had of Altred T mr s.elgir32 e insur,lolboro; at the Aucton at n ot Mess.,S ae n o,107, Upper-ateret, Islincrton. Desirable Inesimnents at slmirirten, ESSUS. D. S. BAKER and SON are directed by the lisaEecutors of the tiortiro estoe SELL by AUCTION. at the Mart, unThursday, Ociohtall,ati.2,tOOlReubstautial]y-built FAMILY RESIDENOES, situate No&. 21, 22, 25, and 25 a, Loneldale-square, near Barnsbury-paek, teltegton. The houses are oommoudlouz and emoted in the Etizabe' ban style, with lofty and well proportioned rooms, over.. looking ano exweenlve pleasuire grosscd in front. TIbey are alt let to. highly respetable tenaints, at modeamte reuvase aounting to £1221 per annum, and held en lease for long unexpired tecos, at ground rents of £10 per annum each hoor-a. To ha viewed hi permntission of the teans,rs snd particulars had 14. days prior to the sale of BR. Nation, Esq., 8sIlioit~r, 4, Orchard-street, 'oytaman-equare 1 At the Auction Mlars; anti of bMessrs. 0. . iS.Lker-and Bos, 1 07 Uner-street,Ilnti . Eligible Businems Premise,Hg-tet olr MR4F, J. Y. GIBBS will SELL by AUCTION, at tho ,VLMaLrt back of the Bank. on Tuesday, Sept, 29, at 1 for 2. a OOPVIOOLb DWELLING-ROUSE, with douible-frostted shop, fitted with coumters,ahelros. and glass-cases. gas, -la. ; latel in the oocupation of the owner, at the assumed rent of £440tier anounum,JMay be viewed, and acataoges bed at the ofice oif Sir. A. A. Waitere solicitor, Chhurl-ro, - imehouse:; at the Mart ; and at the auctioneer's1 offices, It and 83, HIgh-street, Poplar. High-street, Poplar.-Valuiablois Sl~_ca-hots MR. J. Y. GIBBS is favoured wpith instructions to AofrfrSLE by pDublic AUCTION, kt the Miart, hack of the Btank, onTuessdey. Sept, 2t. .At I for 2, a very sustilantial brict-buiti FREIEHOLD DWELLLNG-RIOtIBE, with lofty shop. 216, High-s reet, Poplar, in the ococupatIvn of SIr. l'eterken. at the low reset of £50 c-er annum. Also a smiall building anud lare e plot of garden ground a valuable freehold busineesspremises. S. High-itr,eet, Poplar. opposh, ISi Whte ace, nd arig hak etrace le fo th uexpired term f twoyears at £0 perannum clea of nl dedction . May he M.J. Y. GIBBS will SELL by AUJCTION, atl hh at ack of the Thank, on Toesday, Setsot 0.. at I for 2, a weli-built FREEPHOLD DWELLINfI-EtuU8 land-tax redeemed. No I. l3owen-street, Beromle7, let at the low rest of 6i. d. per week -a Freehold Dwellingi-house, No. 7, Wsdi,'s-vIace. rest £21 per annum a rery eligible Freehold corner House, domei a good busineas in the !,aertdend. being No. 0, alcutta-place, East India road. correr of St.. Lecznsr-db-rosd roduisnoraznet rental ofze25per atrium.Alsoa wellbutilt Copyhold Dwelling-holoie, N,o 7. ontl,esouth side of epeedinels. gardens, let at 5s. per weeok, All the a~,ovs property h-,asexcellenk drainago. Slay bo viewed by Perrsilasi-n andcosnditions ha-l no amp~li., cation to Messrs. W. and FLt. II Sner. solicitor S,.1Cr*-stvussn-e. city; at the Mart ; and at the au-tiouwers offices, 61 ant SI, lilgh.. street. Poplar. _u_l-_'- c Poplar.-.Valuable, Freod and Leas,.bl suigsoss ,NB. J. Y. GIBBS is inc-tructed by the Execntors of LIthe late Mir. Rt. G. Imnllman to nELL by AUCTON'f2. as tile Sleet, op1ete3 the Biank, on Tuesay Si niemober 30 at Ilfor~ TWO. sue Bo ASEHOLD DWELLING tOUSES, Nos,0 anud 9.Vn4.s ;.iRce, Poplar. producing a Contal of £48 per antnum; term 65 yeses, eseunodrent;£6,A Freehold Hoa,e.No.122 IadZeplce re-al£122 i,,r alnoum, Aveym convenient Frotheld S.ure, leo. 11. Sow-ltns. oritosita Poplar Church; estimated rental I16 per annum, A'so Fineold wellns--one, No II,Casanabsissis, Poplan ; lot at the jew rentof LII cer annum Theya nri ecelieut osedition, of superiorbuild, and dayle viewed hby peetrieln, ndcoditon ha o roslatent~ leVes, W. and R. B.. Bakr, oliItrs,3, 'rshysqnse,ciy; insenAlbert, Orchard.. hous; te Quen,Mancestr-sed, sle f Des;Ship and Whale, Itoherltia; he art an at th autie.ee'eOtices, 61 and 83. lebt-etetPoar RIAS~ ompise Ineigt ussl sededcotage. ay ha viewed Railay tatin; nd a Mr 2a ke' oGes, 4, uoly-slr,et, S'.euth-. In lBskruptcy.-To brnrgee:as i 5es aud DrIgglstA, and otber- The Leasre, Fixturetx andlJittings o a Chyzstnt's asd Druggist's Ehoop R R. BRIA I i tnated by the AEsignecs to A.. blE:LL by UICO i. in oDe lot, on tbo Premis Bs, & tureypce.C' K nniegt,n-park, VN VI'edrday, *eptember 23. at I tnr 2 pre' cisrelY, tbhe LYs,21EI au&t1 : FIXT BS, togsther wishL the whole of the fittile . dzeige, labelled bottes meurs, las, ac. of a. aaYIMISTa lUd IRUGGcSTs SMl'P-sbe bouinesa for man; years eas crod on by lt. F. Lewis. The Promil es are held for an une:xpirsi: r ym or about i4 ysa, at ttio loW rcentilof £00 per annum, anic the s6watieotn buildedalble, ay6 be iWurt.d two das.p-ecstdic anbd nrsming of 'aB. Particulsb nad of V .ldtrtmor, is, ofSicsa asignee, BRinahall Ptreet; of J. FPrsa Dq., sioitor, Furnival'-lun; and at the stee ti0Or ' h e' ict Ke-ill,gton-psk. S. N.& On tho scne day, at . will beSol, e n on tbP rmlsos, tho ur niture and yffrcts N'esrnLor, Surrsy.-lmpertant Freeho.ld Estate MF.SSRS. -B.AILEY and SON beg to announce that .AaaL several ot Lba LOTS were NOT BOLD at the Aedtion held onx ,surr dely. the . bl.st., and are now insucted to treat for lots 1. 2, 3, IX S. and 10, b-TPr,vae COntract, and to avoid the delay and exjpense I f r Esconda"gU-,n, to accept auy modrte offer for the whole, . --u nr0'nc-re lot ._47, Wod-s:reet, I1tb Spt,. 157. - rafi-lr r,.nuc.-FreeholdR roducing £5 aper ns,, ,e. R. :IW, OKIN wiU SELL by AU CTION, at tlio Lii, Gratie,sTtun-rr, i3,nthampton-bil"iens, tiolborn, ose The'-.r1w SeDt 24tO at ballpast3for 4. the FREEEIOLD BHOI'E eniSifillP 26. alroi'e-,n-lnrso tbreihe Houses, Noe, 1, 2, 3, Onsesi' Eiead. s-rt, '?aVe-lnn-lsne. the b holoeroduning a reutal of Alt per rMnurn. lifey ba sa.en-d. Particuilars of Mri lleMilin sol tcitor, 5, Brards. irn. -b d of tt e a nctconeer, 10, Buclelrbury, eC. peese n's-par.-ElorPant omodern Household Furulitre-, two Pi¶.i- fries, Marmociuo,. Barrel organ, Plate aiid llsted Goods, P'rioat * od bllorevlngs, and an AstronomIcagl Telesoope. - . ESSRS. W. KING and Co. will SELL by AUC. * , TION. oe tbe Premise 4. St. Mmlmond's-sters-ro, Rceent' . pit;. on Tnerday. September 22, and following d^y, at 12 ocloek Irvctely. by ordpr 5t the Proprietor who it leaving town, the eleg nt nedern BHOUSEHOiLD FURlNITIH ootripening r'toublo draving. ynt, ruite, nu rorerood and valnut, of chairs, cmny cbhdrs, couches. .1t flothlers, loo ond other tables elegant chimney and con-ole rlasses IP carTnd end gilt fteame, two full-coempDss cetago piasoferdee hermno. Ilsu', arDrcleon md other china ornamtents, bTonroe',o e. tho dining. reee soulte In Mahogony, compr,ielg extending dinSug t.bles, pstal ,id,eaTrds, chairs, emy chakirs, boot-casc. e,le I rxswtsl,, lver,t pIe and otber carpets; the superior chamber tmrnttnMe,'coiris;t of Arabian Iron, and otber bedsteads, %ivgcd wardrobe wish plate-clasa doop !boval rad toilet glasses, nmarbie-top wash-stads and dressng tabier, and tho rusual cbamber furniture; as few fine prinit end eIgrarl I dinner, dessertr and ta seriles, kdtchen aud cliunaryneii. Vlat jthe dty pricr udn mornings of !ale I catalogues o0 t01 premises, d g, the dayo oE thme hel,,t 1Q W 40q
Sout at Dei-on,-Wray Estate at Moretosn-Hampetead, and near Iewton Abbots. on the South-Devon Railway. ESSRS. NORTON, HOG GART, and TRIST beg fo itrm the publio, that the abovo valuable FREEHOLD PROP RYwas NhUT ESOLD at the Hart. on Friday. Juily 2, and moay now be treatedI for by Privato Contruct.-Old Broad-street. Yorkshire.-Very Important Reverstenary lIntereet In the IRoundbay Part Estate, near Lt-eda, with capital Manamon, Park, Farms, and otbor PropertVes. together exteuding ever upwards ot 1,t00 acres: andi a valuablei Polls, of A-ruranee. MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST, b.Y ave received lontructioue to OF -'iR for SALE at the Scr beroukh Hote!, leeds, no TIuesday. September 29. at 2, a, irx vulsiabie REVERPStIONARIY INT'EREH9T In the Rourndbay Park HEbtate, und other trulostant FRitEdOLls t'RIlPlRTrIlB, situate In tile t'arisbea of Roundh,y, i.5hsswell, l&ramrfr. Barwiek.ln-Ell,et, Ch-apel Ailerton. and Putter Newotn, nea- Leeds. extending over upWards of .100 acre of bighly cultivated latO, botersperned with thrivirn Ivueds and plantationa admirably adaltted for th.e preservation O! a ard forming altog. thcr 031 O.' the snoet valuable estates in the Weswot Rutn oforksbire. in th. centre efta teAutiful anti plesetosgl: undio. Lie ark, With iti niagLifiCeLt lake H nLearly 40 acres and WAterfaiL is lsl.eva woet sulatautial fawily mans8ion. approachied 'oy carriage tnas ad orinai'etital ledge entrances commanding extenagive atd lovely views of the surritsodlnK highlY Oicturesquie country, and coLthisinig even' sccowns,cdativua for a nobleman's or gentlenaLn's establialiment; with detached stabling, c0ach.hO'use, and S-nd ~~~~~~~~~~~~~cottage, xesv liau rud n rdciegres, Pan, Bain ktrtlys.andBoeudhy feage. with superior farm- oDrchads.nuerous cotaefrlaorr,vlaeson uryad time kline aed Dits,Acptlmnin ale hplAlro-al with stabliag. ofie,ndutudlgshoangrehoe,batfl ojlesBure grounds, gardlens lnain.admao ad h BayBoen on and pem a, anid onnmerous hue,sos net tages close tothe church, at Chaxpel Ailerton, togehrwtaoean farm buildings garden, and seversl euclieuresofeclntad,i the 0arishb of Potte NeWton. The eBtate baa avey etniefotg to thea bigh road fromi Leeds to Wetberby, anid toohrecletras anti at no distant period a onseiderable portiot, myb udvddw' Freat advantage for building pnrpoileg, t' are being exceednl eui ful sitea uipont the proplerty admair-,bly adap ted for the eeto fmn sleus fortheleoding merchant- con,s ectad with Leedsandotber manu. facturinjg towns. T~he subject of thepresenateale ls the revenion,,ry In. te:eat in this Very Important and beautiful estate, to which agentlomsan, sgedl 27 whcoe life is insura.le at theord in ary premium), is ent,tled as teoaot.in.talt expectantl upo,n the decease of two gentlemen, seed reepecti,vely 78 and a1 sub ject only to remote contingency of the life of 78 Iwbos w-fe is un0, a) leaving iesue. Also a valuable :Policy of Asauranoe fote £3 0015, tfiectej ith aily nomn o sety upon the life of the aboveenAam. gertl..M%n, aged 27. Particulars maybe ad,14 aysprOr to tte sale, at the Scarborough and White Hors Hoels Leds-tb. Talbot Hill'el, Bradford;' Black liwan,York ; of Mesrs.Lacyand rldssosiscitoos, 19, King's Arms-yard, Moorgatestret;andof ebaurs. Norton, Heggart, and Triat, 02, Old In Chancery.-" Shawe. V. -'impeon," '"Weaverv,. Grant," &e,-Valuable ES Freehold Estates. in the island O!Jamatlm. M SSRS. NZO1tTON, BOGGART, and TKRIST havereceived instructi.oe in HALL by AVCTION, pursuant in an Order of the High C'ourt of 5Th .scoery In Enigland, made in the esuoes Of " Shawe v. 81inspe,or." ' 'Ihirson v. Edwards,""- Weaver V. Grant," and other causes surplciemewal thereto, and bearing date the 24th day of .tuiy, 1810 with the epIIDOsbatlun ef tie Judge to whoii Court these eauses are attact ad. at the Aurtion Mlart. Bartholome.w. lane, In the city of Loeudor. onu Wednesday, the 1-Sib day of October. 3827 at 1 of tIe eoek in tihe fttarn. on.lin one lot, the NON'suia Band UNITY PLANTiATIO' S Band FS I ATES, with the Penn called the Cratele r.iJOIntt,g thereto. situate in the rarish of St. Mary, in the t.laimd of Jamaica. lathe WV,stlsdmes. about eix miles from Port Miarias (th shppng lael.cotaiin iseter lot 2.227 acrs of cane, passir, ad wod and, wth he alubleworks, water and catt:e sugarld cro ddietlsexl-aluabadcoir fsle mayt b Rsiene hadb PoftMess Groutds, Garde- a, (fflcra, and Lanid, wish Possession. hAESSES. NORTON, UiOGGART, and TRIST bT ave received inlstructiorns to '12cr for SALE by AUCTION, at the Mart,en Wednesd7y, t-sb,rl4 urIc a8Pir,vtouoly sold by privste contract), a valuable FItEEIOLO PROPERTY. delightfully situate at Clay-blll, Enificdd. Middlesex, cably two miles from the Fnitlel'i Station, about three mailes from Waltham Station. on the E%stern Counties Rallway, anti 1t n,lles from Lotai'on. It conaista of asubStant'ally.bullt residence, cOstaILnIug every accommodation for a family; tastefully arranged plraoure-grourids,, and ornamental lawn, greehoue, ell-tooertk'tcen ardn, sruberywalks, coach. house shaling yar, an ofces.and eado lan; th 'whole tithe ikes an lad-tr reeesetl an conainng 0 aresor thereabouts. Prelirsinary Advertlsem)ent.-Valuahle Rtesidence and P1)roniseaknowu asIoneRue about 20 acres of exceedingly valuable Bidn Land. -tabling, fir at Cbeltanhm. 1A ESSRS. N 6RTON, ffOG CART, andl TRIST bY ave received instructions to oifer for SALE, at Cheltanham, 0on Weldnessay, October 21st in2 lots, the following very valaable FREEHOLD PROPERTIES,- vir., Boyne House, a. very subetautsal wnd deelsb!e rmid, nce, with gas-en, lace play-aroana, and offices, situase In Sandlhusstroad close to the Poprietary college and St. Luke's Cburrh, and latino ~. l S lnrith, Efoci, a moaet respectable tenant, at £9153 per annuma,: about 20 acres of very valuable and Important freeold uiling and Immdiatly djoiIngBollne hiouse, and close to te Hgh-tree, brin exensie fontgesto caPital roaids, and w.dmiratiyno adaptefu the, Lrei,iry of rekst, ences of upcerior class. & tabIng oc os,adyr aSdSjNON oinG, iRThe ocuatio oTR Dr. dackworth ando ar suatdanl.iag ridence, state 1 No'oc, thamb raeReeJ. Tet to OMm.raker atbaery ualowI rentale of£20 per cannm.eA mors rdetaBie adertsemewanutwill appeMarhortly, when,l thbe arandgementBo thelorin wirllube full octpavessL-g. Old nrrob Broad-sretooya xcane enPistal ak neewearY CL11book Hear-lf bushsofd Nuaptoseon andabh Cnkollmto of Tet'antnge, Librar zey iuy of ILs e200 uncs b1 Plae,er. Untrentu co.Wie, inen and p siftecs. aog-ibwyb nieae Ti eSSnthevi. n N iOf o .a pe, i exGaRT,e and LTRISTb have jnreceived iagetl.cans frm th ie- o Exebuarls of thy Vatendokea Lbawrodes. XaI., tof SELL iby WUCTIOu, on thae pr,emise, oneTuesdayoa1 20hOcne, olndi follwlingon daos, ato 12 t'cl os-kr thePnd 113 , oprsn the tmsoJaeI nous Jajps-Inda as f25bd chama Y,be orrs,and dYtrein rooms otberd us some excellensT,a beddting, drwn aniddinin roomerb, sies n wavedt-tb soddlmahogany,O conetsole table an Wriahs, flibraVryeuliar,Aoel)a0e octave rand pianofo lirte y Br200 oa.woof pao"let lharp by lton'spofflyl-sot BbileAlard libe, airlof gloaste' api"', teesORPe by Britlla,d. mRbleborusts cofllapolons an WaposhInata lby Torkstaofbae,resarat reaumgure ofd Plenuseby Meyer.g marble cete, model to aSpns colrcigan ofsiia t leo ek, valuablc and. inoterestin colrtploate pitis ga,tamngkwhich mayks beoenumerate cinlewstinkth nvirons oflatood aat splemiidebr and tby.'sninenac, Indike chinat.l o abu geila 'si: tl time. ofChrleshamb Vhandyke, Charles vRI. twof Otwede. bfiedenkind; Marien toae, green of! iln tte times of utamis, m n angesf, andet Chalesnt cow, b Vatdyer, Ifyour gs. and thenrs;teq.insters. Tand, buteaoutifuel wtorkb Wright,3 of Derby, eatgaved by Midd lean b ie vlenetian wotrksay Tasndetton dand spectimens bye ehasol ndr, C caornelIu Jansfend ebStnhe, WhMislwg, Horel.tapleAuretl;n o Oihiami ae jl, and cFerarrbay afr,00 os.of Hlentr, Blographka onn tena prehwort ad.o'f cootesa, Nortone' Anti. guit e, the warsts 2 Ofd Broad-eseae Beyaumnt Eband Petee,P lg SwIlta Prop Ds-ydham nzlao Iaurollelno hoog,casc,A Fabou 7 2,h0 wof lae onanin Sabers, taskads lforks, spoons, Bad odleslk,cpia ltd aricl,, hamer and tam,b:e liner Moi chia.e reoulentruct onsrto offwie. forSAout han chari ot. 'idaegetn br ?,van atw e2s ii's-eng,inoe, garde toals,a greenhouse, i plantsf brewring tecnsil, matle thre LAdCKne cowsAT, heieter, Soa pgse kitchno roqtiiskbe ander nutrberm miclandopeous effects pof lrtye esattabishent.e Mayl bez viewtx edeoematuday Statind tonday ofredn cok nthe fils.,ian caalogueshad abuth tahre at teg fraom th apiHtel. Slapkhurswn of Cbises Nevebo, Whe ilso, andm Marrar, sosir ito, rmnDerooes sid the prremises;i ando fivosret. parton, thog-ot OfWilts.-1IheLcompa s Esae bandor. Mansion.tarmts.bul Wtoods Man. plnaishery the wihol contaie. nin hout 88 acrtes mofsrempkabytfiesu ESSRSI.CDais15P icpb n sOTO , ondarT,be ban Tr ISTE (om D.. havge rieceived3) intbruteIong to oilr foruSALE, atd theuenMat,1 Flriday, wcthebaer If.d at 12on'tiocp. In one lotr, llan prclously portic wi3thc th aor oftbue handthsme anver v-spabioe andcompalete freehol welproperty ettithed feadpmsIadin x grn 26b 2 liredeemed,21 ctiateIn th eatinghwithanlegkIntheW feril vle of0 abd abou thre moors fbrom,~u thein capital marht own) of CiI,t, Brham B, t ore nies fromMnaeikanad sixerloomn tlevrich Pard -Iom, Bath.inii a, tfav"eurtlBie pas ofthey coun tlen, of dnfremesatorn, bibelshfuml placed ronM un Gm a ugnleeinne 'atp reachoed bs dnomstestic, cies ntrat ye lodge. ktchregh sueryat planlbtations pandtric patures and commaningte mooy,t. wittulrgaqe scenar. Itn conain ch'15 wtine, per and seondar bedlcambrs onthbemnte of lare diventionng, ethbigfre idressing rom,, u oc boxdi, , stondeient cyflodte ith water, laid twon le on the prtincipa er neoe otc aentaneorfail vetbl,sad,m n ecios Ine haPlYspli2 d by20 wtprprtione dInng room16n b waer Th lIbwrr gardby Is, taaemulldaing with ae tI-i) ihrn elegant drawmgtoom10 y i2 the doors throgadt eingchefl am ahbrbegan; k, openInrvtorahandroed sitoneclnngarden, and sovrckeding clthed rich pack-lk grouns; odn thes wettside anstdy oebarleaing oa's bighlysosem, billIardroom at o, orDnat homingt proom,rvn lardperait, and dryarcedrse,tdh ber, ak aridgcoal cedlars on the aeet wintLe vvatm wing,s asdalitabln o ie horses,uandialoose boxte, standing fortfor 'Rcarigs hauesou inlreese a loll, wxeeithl paved yard ciosd bytfolldn sartrles land, the wholeo of h retaiaeg abote5 ampysupplie ddb dsof sadr vertcma,tedn wl anna ealegan ofot2ain inrepethve entre brad. terraceods and srbbery. walk ce'iaterlboundwaied foitabgut trdm wiell bSTevberFarms,u known AsOD the chParkfCoo-g tleecush,van rNotton Fahrms ethe with ow numetrous t Iclsues ofl exn edihougooo rihe peatareleand stpWOods, and fishaesy. Textendtaoeri bounde for abrsout theeand. an wildfow recevedinst- It ois thfer neighbourhood Iofthe bes society, Inc t3e hart 12f the PRmESTOfNe,i ErT'sThunt svaluable adh Imort, withi freeholdursjouerney sof he mntetrpols,nd igtrpsea mostdlesirabtley doaind arps irteImmeiat OPreetion eta family mafkth torst ofsrectailrty or May ou to ie ed,ai pariclasrs, wth opltans shoertlka a h pincipoe,al ndsi ato Alrpern ord, alvbesU, u andBth of Messrs oarrito and Fintach Tsehlo, ma'. Wai'h-in-auabe.tant thl TMr;and emof Msso.Noto, igIfrooggyart caraned rist, w idh Bortioadstreet, Roald Echuangatie.lfypicplbdcabrflredm Hants.-Vfouars rehldrses,igrOR al7 landion, Park, ManornFarms,e Oclt. 2,oaets 12, wthe PRESTdONt EsTATE, at valublean- Impot 'Ante freehold proertyituate ipng lthea ptarihsof" nwhptprrs,t anedover. biand tcemm i, isec approachedmby aomnc crige-tie witha portico en-ro *trnce ad cntinsby loty ricipl ed habery flredmn sins furdesin ros,galeyladig,eih scodaybe Wuas watr-loet,fi.,wit a aundntsuplyofryingwaerin heto of the mansion ; vestibule opening nto an inner hail appropriated as bilirdroin scoday ibar e'muncalo wtha iny,wal ro porioeddiinrom 5 t,by12ft g wtheave ok om, om otinu over., standing fxorthreecarrilagea. ch1ise-house, &o. -'beautifu laws, ad etensive shruibbery walks, ornamtented with tti timtber, flower garden laid out with pgreatate; a,nd ataaortdstance isa ighy prducivekitcene garden, partly walled in grapery peachhouse, melon ground and sbeds, togetber with the riclb Park-ie lands immediately surrourding the maesion and grounds, ani atadded with clumaps of ornamental trees, Also. the Home. gouthvdoost, and Bradley Farms, together with the Manor ot Bradley, comtprisin numnerous en closures of useful arable, meadow, pasture, and wVod Land, wTth enu^t able farm.houseA, and all neces,ary agrictit-al buildings, let torerpectablo tananta at very Inadeoustely low rentals, Also, numerous ot=tages and Gardena, In the illages of 1reston Cand-ver and Bradisy, the wvhole containing about 1l,8tO acres, '^The estate Lies in the rzetire of good sportin^g, and isin the ImmedIate neiahbourhood of oxcellent society. May he viewed by *art, only. and Bartlejials-, with plans, may shertly be had at the priaclpa oinni at lasingstoee asd '* inch eater - of Imers, Dunn ESoviklne, a'd Biackmore,solicitora,.lres. tord; of Meetsm. MS. and F. Davidson. olcltors, 18, Springgardents- at the IMars; end Of Me1ssrs. Xorton. lfogear, and ri2st, 61, Old Broad. stredt, R*oyal Exchange, liauts.yalu&bIe Freehold Farm, contaInting P2 sacrs MESSRS- NORT(IN,H OG'GART, and TRIST hare recevea instructions to offe, fao SALE, at the Mart, on Fdday, Oct. 23, at 12, a valuable FREEHOLD RoTATE situate in the Pariah of rield, abont seven niles from Alton and 10 from Basing. stoke,I a county of Hante; -cmrisinga c'smfortablo farm-hours, beri', cat lodge acd buoldia together with several enclosue of mable and meadow land; the whole oointaining about 22 acres inthe oteoatlon oft Mr. Broad, Maybe viewed, and particulars shoraly had at the pricipal innds at Baelgstoke and Winchester; of Messes Dunn, Hopkins, and Blackmore solicitors, Alrsford; of mesn.^ L and P. Davidson, solicitors, 3 Soring-gsrde' a ?t the Ma:nart; and of Messr Norton, Hoggart, a n d Trlat, 62, Old Broad.treet, laoi Exchange. Decks.-Valuable Freehold Ct agead tto-InclOsures Of Wo MESRS NRTO, O0GARTand TIS Friday October 2 at 12, unlIesprvtously sold by private contract, a valuable PBEEIIND PROPERTV siuate in the parIh of Beenhuam, within a shezt diataoo ot1fBeenima church,fdoddb-th estates of Captain Dixozn and - Webb, ?fcq.. comrfinod houndbystheia cettage. Outbuildings, and garden, an inclosus of amble land, and two cotage adoinng,toethr wth wo ncle~of valuable wood land, know as"DalasCopice," he hol cotaiing about 11 acres, ina theecnpaio ofMr Stane ad r. oloway, May be viewr. and artiulas ha atthe hit Har, Nwbutry; the Rlarean flends,Aldrmaton theRaiwayMotl,Reading: of John J, Blany, aq.,solnlte itadi ; a th Mar: a ofnMe5sark ;,ron,s Boy~i, an TrIS, N. 02,O1~Boa4-teee, Ro Preliminary Ad AemeAtt. LfoolflOhllS MfESSRS. NORTO BH hav reeivedinmtrv .l H GGARTs, aud TRIST Baithisy Fen ea o"j nalble IfREERHLD XhTATE, situate iii farmhouse buSar 'brok a it5ecounty of Linooln. Comprising a 11,eths, i557t1,ilC?, ~ - Wgetl~7er with about 216 ra~ of ti,Id ilabrl ppear. *5. aem) v. lixNtAo"- ValuablT:e Rvtrnlovacy I-oterest, M ~ NRTN HOGGART, and TRIST F'rida c' ""ld ntLE,ostoof" T at the Mart, On BI, a,' siher 35, ait 12, in one or 24 lota, Pursuant to a Decree of the th r a fCiney ad insa cause of Evans V. Nlxou,"with t"cb "rl-aionof te Jdget,,whoee "Court the said cause isat .JA a) vaiable REVERSION AR's I\TEhEsIT hn one miroety of .177B.'Ed. Bank £2S Per C-nt. Annuities £16,166 lIe. 40. like An.itim es.£20 5~. EdI. like Anuuities, and £e3,1,10a lO.ld. like Annuities, and £955 Is. id. N- re 3 per Cent. A wuttlles; also in one moiety of the Tring-park Estate, situate in tee parish of Tring 3nd the ad joining parishies, in the coount'ea of Het anA Bucks covering an are% of nearly 9,000 acres, and prolucing an annual rental of £7,927er there.. as outs, such cevern ion.sy interst in the soid sorns of stock being exPectant on the eveLt of th death of Willie,5 Kay. Enq.. who Is ahgel 24 yer rthereabouts, and who hoe,~ been ma.rried about three years, and 1u3hdno children, wlthouit having any Issue, who, being a soR shill attaIn 21 or die under that age leo-ring issue, or being a daughter, shall aittain, 21 or be rnsertied ; snd the r- versionary Interest In the said estate being expectant upon the desth of the -aie gentleman, without having had any usse who Selal bar the wtate tel limited in remainider to such isue. Particulars may be had (eratis) of blessrs. Sell, Brodricle, and Bell. Bow churchyard ; of Messrs Parker and Lee. St. Paul's thurchyard;- at thme hotel-, Ay3lesbury and Tlring of Mr. Brown, lard surveyor, Tring ; at the Mart ; aud of Messr. 2gocton, Hoggart, and 'lrlst, 62 Old lRoia,.etraest. Rnv.' F,xobs,nvei Valuable Freehl uligLnt nea the Hda ow-rose4, and wlthwn 2 pnleo Pddinston. hAESSRS OT , HOGGART, and TRIST MLVJ have rcevdIsrtin to offer for PA LE. at the Mart. In October next, about 10 acres of vdry veluable FREEHROLD) BUILDING LAND, land-lax redveemed, situate on the couth side of Hlarrow. rood about 34 mIlea from Oxfordur.erot, and within,easy distance of the brcat Western and North-Western' Rallways. 'Th land flies together, on the souith tide of a hull, core mar ding extensive views, a-nd IsexceedingRly well adapted for any public institutiont requiring a large area or extensive wrounoes or for general buitr ine purposes. A plan of the Property may be See-n by appilcation at the offices of HensyDawson, Erq., architect sod surveyor. 16. Finsbnry-plncesouth ' Messr Marten, Thomas, and Bollams, ,olicitsrs. Commercial S:ale Anooms, -ltiFncinglane ; and Messrs. Norton, Hoggart. and Trims, 62, Old Broad-street, Roa xhange. StpeonCurt, ussr Bristol. the capital Resdidece of the late Bishop of Gloctst-er. lUEtisES. NORTON) ]IOUGART, and TRIST MUI have received ina5rootiois to offer fr'r SALE, at the Mart, in October next, In lots (ui rers the whole should be. previously disposed of by- private contract), STAPLETO5N COURT, for some years the residence of the late Bithop of Gl',cetetr, a- out two mailes from the city of Bristol, on thne hieh coad from thence to Frenchay aud Wislkham-brdidze. and close to the eleer.nt church which was built princially at the ex"mne of the late Bishop. This excellent reel. dence which has been recently cos,tructed at very considerable cost,aisua qusdoangular building of the most substantial character, and ibeutifull placed on the summit or a hill, in th,e midst of lawns and pleasure grounds surrounded by an ornsmental and nicely timbered pak of naearly 60 aoerm, aind hounded eni the mouth by the river icoine. Thre intemnal arrangements, which are as complete, convenient, and comfortable as can possibly be required for the occupation of a large family. conisEt of 19 principal and secondary bedobambers, tmit of them of laree dtlmenslons. dreeming roomns, bath room. spacious landings fitted with dress-closets, waler'clo.ets, &o., and in the wing apart from the printcipal roaLer are nlneiessante'roams, laundry, &e., with Separate staircase. On the ground floor a portico entranee leading to tto principal nail, Inner hail with capital staircace, elegant drawing room 31St. by 24. dining rosow 321t. by 23, each 14ft. h'gh, with Frenich wlndowsopening to the ters,re, the ceflings dcoorated in en partmenots. with lpolrsed Oat floors ann statuary marble chimney pie. ea, an ante. momt betmeen the dra.l, g aid dining rooms, forminig also a peAsage way to the gardens aLd hall, library 3Ift, by 22. with mahogany tooke.Ets, study, masgistrates' m om. and Strong cloeet, a private chapel, beautifully fitted np, having an entrance from the garden ; the dooms on the gru,.d and principal floors are principally of 8paish mahocany, and the mansion Is hesird throughout with hot air.~ The dom estic oficees are extremiely well arranged, including a spacious kitchen, scullery. stll coon,, houselkeeper's room, butleers pantry, servants' ball, larder, bakehouie, dairy, brewbouse, capital birnied wvine aid othier cellars. Dletcebtd ls a most substantiallyerected building encloEed by a lofty wall aid paved yard, consitinWg of Standing for thres,carriaseas. tablisngfoereightbhores,with lofts over. coachman's lodge, garden)er'scottage. graperirs, forcing-pits3,four well. stocked kitchen pardeons, enclo-edbhylufty walls,asoc clothed withfrn,t trees, kitchi r,arden, cewhour-e, cart stabliDg,o. Atlermace-walk leads Its the eleg antly-dlspnsed launs,nsd flower gardens, interpoprsed with highily ornamental limber, and the extensiVe and beautiful 8hr-nbberywaks aboirndwith laxirrotinps, arbutr,r,and every deecripitonof flower. ingshmubin thegreats-st peiffetlomi ;the whole formingone ofthoemost perfect posibletoccpationsDcstora errgand wealthy famnily. It maybe las obseve that, irept-ndenlytof its resident al advantages, needly 60 amesa of what imsy fairly be termenl freehold building land,. within two miles of so fImportant a city as Bristol, must always be of very considerable value, Msay be, viewed by tickete, and particulars had at the hiteLio Britol;Whie Hat an Ysrk.bouss Hotels, Bath ; of Mssr. B..1' an H, luton, , Wlte aolpse, of James Mar. Eassx.-Bookiug-hrsll Farm, comprising about 260 acres of capital Land with a, siperlor Farm Residence, exr sllent Farim Buildings; the wilole. offerings aSecure larded Inveitn enjt. 11,1ESSRS.N1ORTON, HOGGART,sandTRYSTha,ve 13.received instrsotlor a to offer feer SALE, at the Mart. in October ulegs Drei-Il disposed of by private contract), a very desirable W.IIEOLD ESTATE (laud-lbX redeemed), hiuown as Bioeking'hall F8'ar siutcle toa the town of lirainOee (from which there isda braneds lire Into athae Eastern Counties RalIwa3yl, in the vicinity of good markets, and a Sporting past of the county of Essex. Itcorn. lprises a comm;Odious farmi recidence,pleasantly situate nesrthe chureh with attakched and detached co,ch-lorrso. Stabling, and offices, flower anid kitchen gardens well stocked. The agricultural buildings have been recently thoronebly repaired and conveniently arranged, and consi,t of three barns, stablitig for 12 hories. lcose boxes, bullock lodges. cow stalls, granary, turnip and cL-siP honesep, cart and waggon lodges, sbeep yards and sheds. bailifrn rertisge and girden, together with numerous nenlcaures Of capital a7atie0. meadow, pasture, and wood land, in a Irish stats of cudtlaatl.-n, lying entirely within a ring fence, and ontinig ategther260acrs scors ad 5 percese ; let on lease renilof 400 r anum, ay ' vieed ad pattIculars had at the Whil Har. lalntee:Whit Hat 5 elmford ; of Messrs. Fyson. Valuable Freehold and Tithe-free Estate, lanid-tax redeemed, near Melton Mobmeba in the county of Leleester. ESSRS. NIORTON, HOGGART and TRIST MLJ have received last r"tisre, to offer. for SAfB, at the Mart, In Octoter next, the NEBTHER AIEOT7t-TON ESTATE, a valuahle Freehold and Tithe-free Property, land-tax redeemed, Situate in the parishes of Nether Broughton and Old D.Iby, about Six miles from the excellent marke.t-towni af M,elteu Mo-abray Is adfne snotrting part of thet county of Leicester. andl aboult 13 miles from Nottingham, en the borders of the Vale of Belroir. It Ifes exceed3ingly compact, and conhists of two farm-houses, with f.rsa'buildings, and aboutt 650 acres of useful dairy and arable land, Intersected with plantations, and producl' g, at the preser-t low rentals, an income of £745 per annum. 'The lands are capable of ver considerable improvement, particularly by prrper drainiage, and a tenant could, by such ImPrevemient, not only pay a liberal interest on the outlay, hut anin. crease on his present rental, May he visaed ; and xartitulars had of Messrs. Young and Jacksons, Es ex-street, Strani; of Mlr. J. J. Basilico, land scent. Lar-gar, neoorElton Notte ; at the GearlW, ellon? Miowbray; at the Geoarge the Fourth hiotel, Nottinigham ;Bd Lrotr, Nether Broughton ; at the Auction Mart ; and ot Messrs. Norton, Hrgcart. and Trist, 62, Old Broad-et-eet, Royal Exchange, 'ovaluable and extensive Manor of RItkTnansworth, Meets. 1ifSSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST haereceived instructions to offer for SALE. at the Mart, in Novemnber next, the valuable MANOR of RIOKMA?OSWORTH, in the county of Beets, extending over nearly 19,000 acres of land abound. lag wath gains, together with a Court Leek, Court Btaon, quit rent, fines herlots, rights, royalties, market-house, market ground stallage, and profits and tots of ninarhets, with th rights and privilege o. w,minatIng the occupiers of four almabousees In Rickmarnsworth, and other the numbers and appurtenances thercof. The manor comnprises Inter aBJa an extensive and valuable. co,R,oo called Oborley-wood. common, contisb,lg about 200 acres, with gravel and chalk, of great value to thelIcrd, and v-r'ous pieces of warts land lying dispersedly about. Thenumber of tenatits of the maror and the average income will be stated in future advertif erents.-62, Old Broad-sineet. Wiltshirs-Fairwood HousFe and EBate.-A moderate-sized and Hle. iiiant Beidence, with Stabling. Gorder-s, Pleaeure Grounds, and timnameste1 Parklike Pastures c-f nr art 900 acres. withIn one mile. of the Weatbur-' JnnctionSaino h rn etr sla hIEssRm. IOTN OGAT n ST .I,Jhave received intutost fee ALE by AUCTION at the Mlart, near ths BnofEtndonFIay. October 10 lunless previously disposed of ypvt ray,I nesI a, the above desirable RESIDENCOF annI ETT,staepicpally in the parhishes of Westbury and North Brde,i otecut f Wilts, with a part in Berkelsy, In the counyoSmeetTh residence,which is in a complete stale of ornamrtladshtn a repair, is approached by, a carriage drive of nearytomlsi tegb,trough beautifully timb ered park-like ground,edhsdoilg it an excellent walle-d garden, with hot busst-agfre six borses, and every convemtence of a gentleman's reiec.Teetate, which comprises 490 acresi, lies In a ring fence,.scid pasture and meadow of excellent quality and has been for manyyarsinthoccupation of tireproprietor. To; greater part of the ine- a entborollohly drained, In a central part are- exesve n opee farm buildings, recently erected with ial modern Improvements. Ildlhbgs an'ppllcatlon, of water powrer for thresshling, grinding, &o. The whole is freehold, and well MESSRS.Lei Vod aNdORTONe, 6( G R, anmn~ebidinTs Lodon bT ave received inetrrietions to OFFER for SALE, at the. Mart, onWeslncrday, October 14, at I2 lUnle's previously sold by, privatat contract), avaluable FREEHOLD RESIDENCE,beautifully sitoate at Srlaldencomnb. only three mniles from Torquers, and adjoining the moll,-known grounds of T. R. BroneL Eq. itas in comnplete repair tbroughout, is placoed in delightful pleasure grounds and garden, on an eminence overlookinrg Babbicomnue-bay. and contains foor boot bed chamnbers, two dressng rooams, lofty drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, housekeeper's roam, con-venient serva te offices, excellent coellars. end every aoconmmodation fora rmodertat-sired family: also fours'all stable and ceach-hou'e, R. Possession maay be had Ononcomoielion of the purchase, and the whole of the elegant and appropriate furniture may be taken atar valiuatIoni. To be viewed by cards only, and particulars had at the Ifoyal Hotel, Terusy ; the New London Exeter;: the G'obe. Newton Abbot;: of J. B.RusS. Req., IS, Austin-, friars ; at the Mart ; and of Messes. Nortoni, Hoggart, and Txist, 62, Old Broad-street, Royal Exchanjge, Wt7llhhre_-The Idttle Bedwin Relate, within throa miles Of HungRer- ford. es teeding OvorOf acres IIESSRS. NORTON, HOGGAaR-T and TRIST MVJ have recetved instrections to offer for SALAI, at the Marl, oni Friday, Octolher 23 at 12 o'olock, In (Jone1lt, v ery valuable FREEHaOLD PROPERlY, known an' the Little Bedwin Estate, situate in lthe parish of Littl Bedwin. in the county of Wilts, Surrounded by the estate of the Marquis of Aiceahuiry, only three miles ts-nm the Run. greford Station oni the Hungerford and Reading branch of the Great Western Railway, and about 60 inles from London. It comprises an exceedingly comfortal-le resIdenice, containing sumfcient aecommodalion for a6 family, large Pleasnre garden and lawn laid ouit with much tarts,Productive kitchen gzarden and orchard, etabllng, cosohlbause, ando ffices; a, farm-house. farin.yard, anid all necessary farm. beldng; vlubl blcflld sed, afr or mll nme rou cotags ad grdes, ngshe wih sverl ecloure o excellentarable, psture, an meadow lnditescdbyhrvn Voax tae feaor heo CountieslbatdD¢ of H toxan M ouddleee. rl hunted hy Ashtons Smith. E se. May be viewed by applicetlon to the lerante, and pareiculars had 2t days prior to the sale, at the Bear Inn Bungerford; the Ballway 1 otl, Reading; tbe White Marl, U eT bury; of John Dlngwall, Req., solicitor. No. 6, Tokfenbours-Yard,- at the Mffart; and of Meesra. Nor2on, 0ogga, and Frit 62 Old Broaold mstreet, Roald pxchange.,ataeo ot ieo pne-et VotS l for the Counties of Boris and thoiddlese-ex ofXrESSOS. NORpON, rOGGART and TRIST .itu have received instruetions to offer for BAle, at the Mart on Wedneyday, October 14, at 12, in two lotos a PERPETiAL Rt NT OBABGk , or clear;yearly Nm of £2 lOa., cbarged upon five freehold muesuageu and premises steate on the north sde of 8nencer-treet, ie. AlPan's, Sn the county of Horts. Also, a Freehold Ground Ren of £M lO. per annum, S welT secured and arising fron a dwTellIn-house situate No. 13. D(gby-street, Globentowon, Bethena lgreen Particulars nany be had of J. H. Rush, Req., solicitor. 18. Austinfrines; at the htart; and of M tesrs. Norton, Hoggart, andTrst, 62, Old Broad. Ftreet. Boyal Exchange. Pec kham.rye and North-fields, ePchhaim, Surrey, MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST have received inAtryotions to effer for SALE, at the Mart, on Wednesday, October 14, at 12. Sn two lost, tile folowing PROPEH - BUILD, ViNG-toANeshsld cottages. situate near Bye-terace, Peckiham wt, S urrey. very substantially built, and let to or. Gosing and Mar. Crayford, at rents amounting to t28 per annum; also a freehold ground rent of £3 per an,num, wee l secured, and arizSig out f twvo Swgliin.houses In XSiddle-strect, Crab-trea road, formerlYnorthue esis, PerEhhtm. May be vIewed, and' particulars had of J. It. Rush4 REq, solicitor, 1S. Anstinfrlara; at the MSart; aud of Mesrs lorton, Efoggar.~. and Trtst. 62, Old Broad-street Royal E-xchange. WYoodfors'.-Valuable Freehold Boilding Land and Dwslllng-hodse, lIWESi0RS. NIoRTON, HOGGART, and TRYST £71 h a7s received mnstrr.ctions to offer for SALE, at the Mart, on Wednesday, October 14, at 12, In one lot, valuable FREEHOLD BUIILDING T,AND, close to Soaks's-lane, and within five minutes v.walk of the Woodford elation on the Eastrnt Counties Railwy. It hat considerable frensagee to mad e and proposed ree.df, rend preents an eligible opportunity for the erection of moderate sized houses, which aro in greet demand In the locahiry. Also twvo Dwslllnc,Houras, inq the eccopation of respectable tesants Is an uniloished house, and one Sn carcassathe whole coni-nilog about four- ars and a half. Mfay be viewed, and particoulars had at the RailwaY Tavern, Snake's-lane. and I lhe CastleHEotls W4ocdford;. of Mewsems Norton and Ftam, sollolors, jNew.tre a'd ,BlelOye art tb 4and of esg, M9t,Iog Shamres In t,b Leeds Souith Market. MESSR. R,l1 OGR,and TRIST, HUNIUREDTII et.A TS or SHARES in the PROPERTY coDmmonly knownx by the name ot the Leeds bouth Mdarket, and giving votes fo? the West Riding of the county of York. PaztiWulas may be bad a-, the place of saleo; of J, It Rush, Esq.. 18, Austinfrlara; andoftMeeosm Norton. Hoggart. and Trist. QR Old Brood-street, Royal Exchange. Wood-bill, osor Guisldford an,d Ripley. Surrey. 1%fESSRS. Nioul.01', J3OGGARfT, and TRIST MVI bavo roe4toed instructIons 'o ofidr for SALE by AUCTIONT, at i he ilart, In 0-tober next (u, lesr r-reviou'lo sold by Private Contract). a very valuable enrd r e4utifut 'FREEH-OLD ElOTATE, known asa Wood-blli, situate in the parieb of beud, four miles fre'm Guxildf crd And RI1 leyand.aboiutthesame sista6ncefrom theWokng htston on tbe Soutbh.teistrn R.iwAy ah,gLly sirtoriresqeanoLflnobealtbypartol tbe county orBurrsy. Itit rprscB a ne.stubstantial resldexnceapproacbed by a corsige drive and lodge en)trac,ce, andocontaissing numerous bed crambees nod dresoing r,ms,, excellent lofty receptIon rooms, bath room, alln-seeFary offices, and every.scoommodatlon eera large famIly; detached stabling coach-le,.ree' Yard, and out-butldinge, extensive plewaeoprs o Ls,e fawns, and p4rk-like meadows oroamented with fins timber, eind suirrounded by dry wralks shrubberIes, and plantations, highly productive wal ed gtardens, green-house, mnelon Pits. farm-yards. and buVdonga; a double cottage and orebard, aud two enclosure of arable land-the wi-col es,tate comiprising 28 acrcs. May be viewed by cards only, and paTtlsularo had at ehe White H3art aknd Rlailway Hotels, O;i'dfovd;- the r.loct Inn. Ripley; the HAllway Hotel, WokinLg; at the Mart; end of Bmersr. Norton, idoggart, and Tzist, 62, Old Rroad. Btreet. Royal Exctaus~e. London Workii, birmingham. IESSRS. FULLER and HOBSE'Y are Instructed MT by the AsoIgnees of Messrs Fox and Henderson t, BuLL by A.UCTION. on Monday, Septemaber 21. and several following s,sys, at IIleach day, at the Works asabove, thevaluable and important 001.. LE(ITION of LO)OSE TieOLS of the London Works, embracing every requisite for conutractors engIneers, Irontoundena, anchor asf chain smiths, boIler, bridge, and Iron root makers, buildars, and others, Including it portable hleb-preesor steam entines, li-hone to 6-horse powar one 16hborse power hegb-pressure steam engine, give wrought ion high pressure steam boilers froma 4-horse to 22-home power, the hydraulio cylinder and ram, 15 incese diameter, with framing uired in valsing the Britoonta, tube, set of 12-inch air pumps with cagti-ron cylinders aind wrought Iron apparatus for pile sinking, three 13-ee% wrought Ironi turn-ta%les, girder testing machine, two 10-feet cDatoiron fly wheels, tyre bending mnachine, hydraulic vusps, circular saw bench, Sot 2-throw pumps,two doubie.-harreI 3i-inch pUMPS, anchor testin afpparatus, lEver Punching press, fly urerees; the tools of fitters, anchor smiths', botiler maker,.', and Emiths' shops and feonudry, powerful steelyards. Ice ton. boxes and flaeke. loam rings and islatef, crne shank and band ladles trucks, their logs, blocks and fall1s, slings, smlee and weights, No tone of smiths' tools, in anvils, top and bottom swager, tongs, hammers, sets, bolt tools. swagee, mandrels, muonkeys, dollies, &c,, portable forges, w0 tons of cast-iron dies and swaasfor Rogers' patent anchors, trotter, blocks and tlalh anvil and block for steam hammers, several tons, of cee t eteel Vsoie for lathes. slo'ttin, driling, and shaping machines, oounterrlngs, rymers Eetn Of Whitworth's tans and dies with stooes, set of Wbltworib's gauges, surface plates, vatchertliras, tunches, gas tongs, 5,1 ee fe.4 of leather hands snd straps, pattern makers and carpenters' benrhes, 00 scaffold pIer iS ladders, scaffold cords, barrow plWAns, barrowsf, seven carts, timbe carriage, timuber wlim, two road trucks, six Yard trucks, harness, a new railway ooke truck (narrow gaingel, fttings in the oil and paint stores, wrought-iron cisterns. pumps, &e, ; also tire very superior offloe furnlture, mahogcany tables. couchi chairs, Mlneer's firs-proof box. and safe. two wrougist-iron safee, desks. draughtsmen'a tables, and other efrects, To be viewed three daies rior to the sale, by catalogues only, without which no personi wilt be admitted, which may be obtained seven days before the sale, at the Wortis, at Is. each; of Messrs Colmore sod Beale, solicitors, 30, WaterIoo-.treet, Birminigham ; or of Messrm Poller and EHomey, 'al. Billltr-etreet, ERO. Approved bills at four mouths' date will be taken loom purchrasers to the extert of £50 and upwards. Stro ue r Rochester, Kent. MUESSRS. FULLR and HROlSEY will SELL by iLAUOTION, on Tuesday. September 29, t857, at 3 o'clock In the afternoon precisely, at the Crown Hotel, Rocheeter, In two loin, an irs- pOrtont Pa EHOLD PRO PIETY, situate on the hinks of the Mewy tSrood, Kent, a few paces from the Rochester'bridge and fromn the rAilway station, comprising a newly-erected foundry or maunn factory, hO feet by t0 feet, with tiled roof, brick-pit lined with cement, 12 feet diameter, 12 feet d eep), a largo brick and cement tank for water, cupola, or mfelting-bouse, lofty detacebd brick chimney shaft, smithi's shop, a wharf with extensive frontsgge next thse Meddwity, withx lay-by; yard, two wood-built cottages each containing thre-e roomr, let to weekly tenants at TS. 6a. per work. brick-built cottage ned sas a paztern store; brick-built c,sttage, containing two rooms, let at 2s. ed. Fer week; also a comfortable brick-built residence, in front of the street, containing fottr rooms, waeh.house, and ar,a esiton hand, buet of the rental ralue of £15 per annum, t sbelieved that a right sf foresbore will be gra ted from the Admiralty and from the Corporationk of the City of Rochester, which will enable the owner e f thist Property to carry out the wharf to the bend of the river, thersby much Increasing the wharf frontage; and asi ttins is the onily available wharf in ftrood a large revenue may be derived from wharfage alone, Onie-halt the roadway loading down to the w harf belongs to the property. To he viewed till tt e sale, Particulars may be had sever, daisc previously on the preeniFes; of Mr. Prall, solicitor, Rochester; at the C~rown ; and of .ldesera Fuller and Homeey, Bllliterpatreet. London, RlC. Freehold Retate, In the city of Landon. ~fESSRS. FULLER and HiORSEY are Instructed ,.YIto SELL by AUCTION.at the Auctioni Mark, Bartholocmew-laoe, on Wednesday, September 30,at 12, a valuable FREEEHOLD ESTATE, comprising a enbbtantlally brick-built mercan,11o residence sdiitest No, 5,Fen-court, Fenclhurch-ttreet,1inmedlately contiguous to the CoOra and Colonlal Markets,and the import ,nt Improvement now Inpors In Feon-court sand Fenchurch-Etreet, The house'ls of foutr sQto9ries, ih good celarng on thebasement, and in let on lease to a most coeponatble tenant for a term of which shout 2.5 years are unexpIred, at the very low rent of £601 ver annum, which, from the tinmetoing value of Property in thin Ideality, may be looked uponk a a ground et To to viewed till the eale by pemission of the tenanti, Particulars maay be had ofMer, Boyle, Poole, and Kincaid, tolicitors, 9 New-squnre, L citn'sFLnn at theo Mart; and of Fuller sand Honey, BIilliter-street, E'xteniem anfcuigPemss isuy 1IESSRS. FULE n OSYae instmucted M iby Mr, HougtnwhIsrtrnfrmbsns,oSEL y AIJOTION, at the MatBaWdedy eptme 0 xes, MIAWUFACTURJINJI RfIdd he d udrte roaino London, having a suEraca rao 660fr,Ospe sdewrs ands saloeuderr's andeb'e' esalemen,staei b passage, Chllwell-etree,Fnbr,Tebidnshv enrcnl ter of10 ear, a th vey lw rnt f £10Per annum. ThreI a welo Sate wffring a plen,Charul supply 13,kTelfras-toamdn.n f4 ho SSpwRSan stamLoLERs mand beOpRchSEdYi wished ToL be thM ae ofA onCTaION . on q, Tusolicitor,19, rat CarontePr-lane, ,O, ChflS- wn il,Calsstreet , lctinra,i Bhc kfr iheM-rACHNRYa UTENSILS, comprising a six-homse power oscillating high-pressure steam unglue, by Miler, a, 10-horse power wrought iron steam boiler, by Clater. mouldin,g machine, two irena --' a beanhM wrouuht Ironi chating vith seartisg. two 1cr e teen water tanks, carpenters' benhebw, saws, tools, remaining cinch, 300 deals, battens, and numerous other effects, At the same time osill ho Sold, the Leaseof the Premise'. compisIg aspaiou sa mil, wth allry nd loos oer,also three mlsomaybviowd til th val, an theeffets e Wed eedprevion, wen ctalgue andpasicrrsr- ma be ad n tesdypremies To ontactrs Buldes,St-one Merchanta, and others, jIUESSR.FLE and HORSEY are instructed by Mr. Kelk to SELL by AUCTION, at the CommGercia Docks, itoterbithe, on Fsiday. October 2, at 1t, in lots, the valuable ?LANT, recently umed in the construction of the NTew Dock ; including three overhead travellng mranes equal to2D inns each, with trussed girdes 40 ft. pspn, a 12-horse porta',le steamn-eogine and boiler, stonetnok equal to 20 tens, a, masEon's gantry, with ztandards and carriages a pair of 26-1inch lift pumps (by Fowoler) wrish suction fand rising main, a very Powerful twisting tackle fen incHIne work. with 6-Inch shaft, drumsf and gearing, equalI to a train of six trucks, six pug mills,~ six stone anti Ilime trolleys, 17 pair ra'lway truck wheels and axles, I00 yards cntractors' rails, five ringin engines, 24 pile hu'ps, crow and sprinig bcars, 20 pile shoes, 10 coupling chairs, crates, two 24- inch sluice with slides andscrws,111 f. o cst-ronnIn, i- ee roght-Iron ballast spoons withbar andchans,vice an beches sclesand weights, erectionk nf doule-ris tsge osctio o sed ithskyigts, wrought-Iron tank, 10 artwhels lOwoo seeprs.u'fultimerandother effects. Toi be vswedbib engne i moion)on Tursay previous to the sale, Hersey, Biltitor-ofotrseet. Era, London Works, Birminigham. M.ESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are instructed Li.by the Assignees of Meesars Fox and Mendero to SELL b A'UCTION on Monday, October 5, and following: dys at 11 o'cloci each day, sd the works, as above, the STOCK of CEIAINS, Anchors, aind Stores generally, including 50 tons sbtudded and short-link cable and other chais, 50 tOur aLChors partly Manufactured, seven tons beat cast, shear, and biliter steel, 50 tons bolts, and nuts, 20 tons rivets. 20 tons pig iron, 200 toans scrap Land cast Iron, five tons wrought and cut calls, 1,000 dozen diles, 2,000 groea washers, brass, copper and tin (in ingotnl, brass wire; 50 loads of sound squared timaber, 1 000 feet of rim and oak pliank, large quantity of seasoed spruce and pine boardos, three tons of rope and cord, large a"wsrtment of ironmongery. plummer blockrs and brasses, railway wheels and axles, spokes and springs rain, hot-water, sod eteam pipes, tank plates, Large quantity of callig posts and Panels from the Great Exhibition buildine, wrought and sass-iron grers, two wrought-Iron frames for 10-ton crane, and numerous Othver litems. The very valuable Collection of Patterns, in wood and moetal, Iincluding sete for tirim-tables rip to 42 ft. In diameter, water cranePs,toc Derrick crab and other cranea~s, pur morttce. pinion, rigger. Puslly, 'nd lynch wheels, roofs, colunms, aud liers, as used at the 0 reat Exhibition BuUioldn and at the Crystal l'alaico, gas pilings and brackets, raUings, macblues, of various descriptions, plumwer blocks of all sires ounplngs, axie-toxeS, sluice cocks, andmany others,too numerous tienumerateIn advertiasmeut, To be viewed with the other effects, by catalogues only, without which no peron eanbe adminttd an whichmayduc be obutaied, seve daysnbefor th Ral,a thUWRks.La wisleah ofL bessrsUCTImOraNdSats solicTors, 10,tWaterloo&steet anmighd on, oftle Messrs.a Fullmgterean comey, isn3tw. o 'Winr-threet,loa-ndo,EC d Aipproved blls ato efour abe enhan ds, xin theduCity,prduin abou t £90o per annuL my.emwd R. MURELLwill SELL by AUCT2ION, at the M t nFriday. Sept.embera 12 sl fo ci,iioelt a fRlbEFEHOL cOmpLDl ETwoE shomps,with c ollre,an dwella,ingovr lhe t to ross-,ie- ble tenants, and prdci aboute £z0 peron annum.er Maydf be vi ewed heuy permssio Srofuhetnaint s.eyPandticuladvntbed of tMessr. orris, Stoneu. T owu ionr,an ori, M3dorrow gand-sto' r.-chmure. and mof r. andrellaucd etine. I, Walsrook, city, AnUne mrhd8ledof t a c ntreHos ofhghyFarliuabl W21esLa d, n n 1JR. HURRLLY will SELL by AUCTION, at the -JM Pomse. onFrdy Sedept,ay. Set 123fort1, onorl1t,pa va uable REE HOtreLDoESTAE. ofnoUltgN10TaREs- of land,ingtheD aboveandfavorid tcrahed, inu 18 miffnutesrom landon cialneY where and i every ytnoeir impovig n vlu, o accu o Is poxiitetrth mketropolis, the7 sod morniog of sale, C&talcynes 'on the Premise; ttusua Inns In the neighbourhood' and ot the auctioneer, 18, Smuithfield,~r and eto Politnn-market,'and Wal tham Ab bey, Ess ex, bnadMto Eloworth, Cambrldgesbire--Sy W. MEDLAND. at the Auction Mar,,; La'dson, onl Wednesday, October 14, at 12 f or I o'clock, in one lot, unless an acceptable offer be previously made by Private contract, AValuable Freehold Farm, either for investment or .AA Occupation; om risng H ourse, fo)reman'sl cOttege, two homesteads, anid ean omnamenv IPlantation of about five acres, cuntalaing together 291a, lip, 3-Of excelQlent arable and Pasture lsan, situate between St. Ive's and Cambridge; distant about dire mIles frm the former, eight trom Cambridge, and 10 from Huntingdon. and Sr. - eot's. and Is at the value of £2e5 a year; Indeed that offer has been masde by ahighis respetaible and reeponsible tenant. Thinsproperty Is in agssodtstal Of cultIVatIOn, the Principal port well and effectually drained with tiles, rood gravel roads in every directIon, and near to first-rats market towna; axother Important feature in that the whole in frechold, free from t,tbes, and lsud-tax redeemed, The farm in in the ocropation of Mr. Hammond uinder an agreement forns lease expirng t Mcheims, 828 Pl'neiipaticuars, with conditions of sale and tithograpbic plans, may be htd. 10 daps p1rior to thek sale, of Yesers. Sweeting and Byrne, sollcltorz, 22, Soutbamptinufdng~j, Chancery'lanie, London; of Mr. PerVes, estate agent, BraMDton, nsav Hunttogdon; and of the auctioneer, St. Neot's, Besirable Freehold ant Copyhold Property," ebig,S B Mesem. WATrERER and SON, at the Shi n,WMic Tuesday, Sept. 22. at2, by, order of the Eseuoso h ADesirable and convceniet Copyhold Residence, with A1 one attio and store room. sIx bed rooms, three sittingrooms, and entrance ball, large kitchon wine and beer cellars, and numerous cupboards. a wood-house, detached laundry, large gardeni well stocked with Ifruit trees. Also two genteel copyhold cottages, each containing two parlotts, four bed rooms. kitchen, pantry, and wash-house, a noah dower gardeni in front, and kitchen garden, with excellent water, in t5e occupation of Mines Beal and others situate near the Obelisk on Weybrtdge.gren, about one mile from the railway statbco. Alsotlre well-bilt freehold And tithe-free cottage, with large beck and frout gardens, well stocked withprouctive f,ult trees, also a piece of land In he reon, now on hand, ma ng togethser lL 1Lmm o less; the cot- taesred aren ae n heseealocuptinsolHane, ithel SbroPshlre,-Tbe Parrlow Hanl Eaae ituate aboutfiramilesfrom the Craven Arms Station On the S=rewsbury and Hereford Railway. and e!ght from Blehon's Castle, oo"'prleig an ancient Residence. extensive Ofmoes and Farm Premiaes, numeronL, Enclosures of pincipally Meadow Larld, abutUtin on tbe river (Inun, lgarg Wood, Plantations Cofttaes ha, the whxole containing 600 acer . and producing a renal of about MM0 per annum. ESSRS. I AREBROTHER, CLARIK, And LYE ,JIVbe to inform the Dublice that the above ESTATE was NOT BOL a the Auction, at Gasesway's, and may now be treated for by private on tac.-Lan atoy-place. Fehold Ieem ts-Kensin to,Mdlee- nlearn, and producinga prsn etlOf ~ per annumn, with proepect of considerable nrae ES FA-REBROTHER, CLARIK, ana LYE 14 aGarrwaU', on Wednesaay October 14. at 12 ollcr ntolot-,TOsbtnt'.FRW D EIECS with shops, situate in the bigh road, and being Noek. 8 and 9, Kenslngton-terrace, in the town of Kensington. No 8 Is let on ls-en to MUr. Tayler, for a term, expiring at lsildaunmner ii6, at a trifling rent of £f0 pr aunum, In consideration of aprenium, bunt In theo occupation of M.Hemtruthway (his undertenant) ait zg I per annum. No. a is let on lease to MMs Wright, irounimoge. for a term of It rears from Churistmass, 1854, at a moderate reLt Of £60 per annum, whlo has also expede-d a considerable sum in immsivmernets and substantial repairs. To be viewed by permIssion of the ti-os-nh and particulars had of Messr. Roode and PartIngton, solicitors Davies.ttreet Berkeley- sur; at Garraway's, and at Mesurm Farelhiother, Clrck,' and Lye's oce,6, Lancaster-place, Strad. Hiertfordshtre.-A small k'resbold lOs-ts, oomrmrlsng a Residenee, with Lawn, Gardens, and Pleasur Girounds, Paddock. and Meadow Land, together 22 acres, situa-te at Barham-wood, about one mile from Elatren. and live from usahey abd Watford. MESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARIK, and LYE M are Instructe to hELI, at G.rraswal's Oofleehoune, on Wednesday, tinn llth of October. at 12 O'clock. by direction of Trustees, a small but desirable FREEHOLD ESTATE, situate tn a beaUtiful part Of the country, about one mile from the village of Mistree;, comginmg a residenen, known as Manor-house, E-arimwood, conitain, g srawing, dining, and mornixg rooms, 12 ricIpal and secondary bed and dire-sing rooms. and eutstbie domesto offloes, coDach-hosumset,atbling for six horses, emali farmr yard. and outbuildIngs, gardeners' cottages, wfith garileus, surrounded by lawn, pleasure grounds, and paddock, together about six acres beited with plantations and timbDer of mature growth, principally within a perk fence, and bounided by the high road leading to Sheoley-hill and Hertfordt Immediately contiguous and fronting the residence are 16 acres; of excellent meadow lend, in one filed, suirrounded by a good fenco and lin' em nd ak res. osrsson f te bole can be had. To be vlewd b cars, o behodof Mssr. Paebrther, Clark. and Lye, 6, Lanastr-pac, O whm prtculrs ne las may be had; alow of Messs. rere (Sofiord,andOhotele, sltcozs, 6. New-square, Linolns-in; f Msss.Wit-s, omin, ndYounci 9. Now-square, Linolns-in; f M. avi, te grdeer,onthe premises; at the Aberrrn Ams, Smmer; Essx Ars, Wtford ; Red Liaon, HerM- No. 12', Greeille-street, Hatton-earden,- A Freehold -Esidence-,antI- abeo for RU'i, em8 Prewmiee with Posession, M~fESSR.S. FAREBROTHER, CLARKr, and LYE 71are instmucted to SELL. at Garrawaysp, on Wednesday. October 14, s-t 12, a most substantially brick builtb private SIDEN'CE No. 17, Grevile street, ffatton-gardon, in the rear of Wooa's Hotol, Furmival's-inn, very suitable for bassuess premises with pomsesion, of the annual vs-un of £0; contains-in) the root, two s-tilos; en the third floor, two bed reoins; on the sec,rud floor, two bed rooms communicating; on the first floor, a drawing room, the wallst papered, and litted with marble chimesnn'peco. communicating with a back bed room; Ont the ground floor, entrance hall and staircase, the walls p=erd a front parlouy. beck ditto. yard, and warer-clocet: on the bsment, two ti chebus and area, The Property can be viewed, sand particuars had ! dezre', Hlyde, solhitoers, 33, Ely-place Holbom -; Iier,Nelson and Inues, architect', 6, whitehall; of Messrs. Fs-r& brother, Clark and Lye. 6i, Lancaster-place: and at Garraway's. Freehoid k'rpe,oy.-51le-end.roael n'sIntr.eia, M JESSPRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE - -1 will SECLL, at flarraway's, on Wedntsda3, Oct. 1 t atI12. OITEFOURTHi PART or SuiAttg in the following FItMElIOLD PROPERTY,vis, . -Firs HomEes and Premises, Nos. I to 5, Assembly-place, Mile-end-road, let to respectable tenante at rents amounting to ±106 per nnu; alo Fve Hirss an Shps,Old Gravel-lane. producigAiSper nnum; an 18 u,es Moe Ito 16, Choppin'tccautt Old ravl-lne, n te rar o th abve,let at rents amounting to £205 pr anu te whle roin-ng grssrental ef about £410 tor annu. Ma be iewe by eave01te teants, and particulrar hati of mbrseClire.Es,, oliitr. . SceIsne, Bucklerstury; at Garrways - nd t Mesrs Farbeuher,Clak, and Lye'soffices, M The valuable Adrowssmu of Oamiberwell, burrey. MESSRS. FAREBROTHEli, OLARK, and LYE Ikhave been directed by the Trustees under the Will of the late John Long, Bem. to offer for SALE, at Garraway's Coffee. house, on Wedinesday, the 21st of October, at 12 o'clook, (eniees an, acceptable ulcer Is made by pivate contract.) the very vs-luable ADVOWSON and RIGHLT of RESENTATION, subjecnt to the life of the Incumbent, now aged 53, of and to theV ICARAGE of CA.MBERWELL - together with the rsc,-ntiy-crected vicarnlen-houe standing in Its own grounds, oppoeIte the cburcim, and is approahe from the lawn by a porch entrance, opening to a spacious halti paved with stone, good reception rooms, dining room s-nd a library, numerous bed chamboers and servaate' roomns, gr,od domestic offices lawn and pleasure grounds, with carriage drive and entrance gates. lthe vica-rial tithes have been commnuted for a rent-cbs-n-n of £1,100 per annum, out of which theme isa rent-charge of £46 to d gated to St. Ps-ni's, Heron-hill, The ground rents arising from the glebe lanad, utpon which several capital residences have been erected, forming a part of North. terrce 8tirling-row. sud Brunswick-square, dividends on mooneys in the funds, suErplice fees, &c., mins-e no a gross Inmme of £f~IIT Os, &l per annum, as tollaws :-Villrs-ge.boute and premises garden, Ita., of the annual value of £110;: rent-charge in lien of tithes lible to very with the average price of corn, and with the quantity of market garden ground In the parish, per aunum £1,100;. ground rent arising from gebe land, upon which are the capita residences, Noe. 1, 2, 3, 4, anid Nioe. 7to 14 intlusire,orth-terrace les.ed at per annum £210; ground rent of NZo.5,North-ierrace,lseed at per annumeLt2s Gd - groundarent of No, 6, Noeth-tesrac e, n- ed to the late Kr. Fraser ai per annum £2120it.; goundrent,issuingoutofgsix eapitalbousesin front of theroad, called Stiling-place, let to Air. Stirling atC£12O per aunum ; ground rent for land at the back of North-terrace, and forming part of Brunswick-square, let to tir, Hudayn at £117 ; annual payment by the Secr. rey Canal Comornuy, £10 ; estimated annual amount of surplic fees, including Intermeut fees from the Camiberwell Biurial Boaird, about £400 ; interest en atoct starding in the name of the Acorountant-Gene. rs-i of tle Court of Chancery, £4 is. 2d.; Easter offerings, estimated at £100 Per annum'; a £90 Exchequier BUil land s-len £1I27 Os, 7d. rash) standing t-o the credit of the purch.msr or-purcbasers of the globe Wlan, In the hands of the Accountaut-General of the court of Chaner for t=mnpoae,of purehasing freehold land and hereditsrmenisln te o sberweilL producing the annual income of s-bootut -3 The Nunhead Cemetery pays to the Vicatc I, 6d, ,per head, for common interments, and 5s. for famitly vaulto ; and the Nsorwood COmetory pays l2s: for family vaults, and 1,a. per head far common Interments. which avenrae anmually about £50. Total £2,317 0s. 8d,Ocugoinge. A rent charge in lieu of tithes, liable to vary according to the average Price of corn, granted to sit. Ps-ut's. Hemse bill, of pe annum," £0 t. 6d, ; estimated amonut of poor and highw-ay rae,property tax on tithes do,, about £165; tenths, £2 us. 84 Tota £8213. Note. The Trustees of Queen Ann's Bounity advanoed £e2,100. towardst the erection of the sew Prs-mnlage-house (£1,00 of which nowremaina duel. the repayment of whim sumnIs-a cargeoun te Income, until discharged, and Is Pay.ble with interest by ann alypa Wments of about £110, lessening in Amount every yer. The lan-l-ax is redeemed. Particulars may be had 21 days prior to the sale, at the Angel, xford;. Black Bull, Cambridoe; Messrs. BourdWlons and Gunotng.0, Great Wincbester-street, city ; at Garr-way's;, and at the offices of Messrs. Farelerother, Clark, an Lye, 8, Lancaster-place, Strand, London. Booth Devon. near to Kingibrldge.-The beautiful Estate, kniown as Buckland Tout Ss-ints,with its Alaneior,.Park,Fieasemnromida, Plantations, and Trout Stream. The Manors of Bucklancl, Tout 9aint:43 and Goveton, and the Mfalscon and Knighton Etates-loscomprisng several Farms. the Village of Gssveton, Cett.ges Accommrodation Land, capital MIll,s-nd vraIiiabib Slate Quarres, the whole containing an Area of about 1.12t' Acres and producing a grows rental and vs-tue of about R1.6i0 per annum. A4ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, andI LYE 171 ame instructed to SELL, at Carrawtay's Coffeehouse, on Wcdne.rday, slav 21st of October, s-u 12 o'clock, the following highly important FREEEHuLD, except as to a very tsmall Portionl, which LaLeash,Id, for long terms, and orincin-aily greattlithefreesestate-sand mano rs ims-te about 21 mniles from Kingst,ristge, nine from Dartmouth, 20 mom Plymouth.asnd only nine from the Eingsbridge-rooa&dsu Toteess Stations on the South Devon Railway. viz, the Manor of BMckIs-nd TnutSaiute, withnapiit,l macrsion, cheerfullyplaced near the unimmlt of lbs hill, overlookirg the lark and 'be beautiful estuary of Kingobridge. extending to Bolt Hlead and Saloombe, approached from the high road by % carrage drive through the estate, and beautifully unduilated perk-like grounds with two neat ledge entrances, The mansion contains entratsio and inner halls, noble drawing aod dining rooms, library, justice roos., billiard rooz m,omning room, do., spacious oak staircase, with domae light corridor leading to numerous pzincip alsnd second.ary bed chambers ample domes. tie efEices, good cella-rage and abundant supPly of water. At a oonventeut distaame from the manmoa, screened off by plants-tions, are extensive stabling, coach-housecs, dog kennels, and pared yards with farm premises two wailed kitohen) gardena. facing the south. wei stocked with fruit trees, large grapery, outer garden, two orchards, park studded withi trees of large groowth several grarseled and terrace walkslIen,ding through ornamo~ntal shrubberies and Plantations to the church, whichi forms a very picture' se object on the estate, and built by a former owner: sumeroauwrs~. vo,and plantatlions scttered over the property, giving the various bills on the etstte a beautiful appearance, and adtoring great opportenity- for rearing game;- woo-dcocks aboutnd in the season; several farms and encisoisres of allotment land; extensive slate quarries, the beds of groat width, and extending for nearly a mile througch the estate, affordingsan unlimited supply of the heat nmntetilas easily ticooght in3to the market. being only a short remove from thsEe Rplridge East~uar,which is navicable nearly up to the estate, s-nd to which a tramway might be laid down, having the advantage of water-carriage to the seaport towns on the coast. Tho unmnarreace now workis-g to a depth of ItO feet though not fully ~eveloped; the slates as sc-os s-ran-ed find a ready sale at remunneraisre primes. The Manor of moieton. in theDparishof0harleton,with s-iteI rights. privileges, fines beriote ar., together with thecapitol dairy and stock armsa.knliwn askenoaw;;,siivston. wakehamcs.and other,wltb, substantial stone-built farmn-houses and s-i necessary agirloulturalbaild. ings,ln goodrepalr, the entire vWiae ofGCsv,ton,princlpally letats-emaifl head reals subject to lives many of whom areadvanced, and on the fall whereof a much inproved resnialwill be realizred, with fines for conews-Is heriots, Ac. The Krnghtoj E--iate, in the parih of Buckland TenutSaints s-dEastAlJline.to., with onod frarmresidence, s-d veryspacnous ouit-buildings good gaiden and orchards, plantations, and produotire land,with largeenclosmires. TheM4a'tnstoutte,iutlbsparish ofSherford, comprising the Maiston Bar~ons Farm. with substantiai farm reel deuce, part newly built, the remainder mrr'rinK a portion of s-n ancient reglgons house, dating back to the itth century, with the chapels, halls andother interestingz porolstol tbobill tinge, entire and to which there in attoebed many historical assncIations, veryoxtensive ranges of feeding cheds, open sheds for cattle, barns, and stabling, withL gcod garden and orcharding. and sundry closes of laud, highly farmed, some of the best stock In the colunty having been rtredt on these linda Lower Marston Farmn,wlth farmo-house and olilces. garden. and orcharda capital mill, driving three pair of gaines, rereaftly erected by the late proprietor, regardless of expewre, wish irnamental resdence adjoining, good fftabling, oaach-hotes', out-bnUldine~s, orchardfng. sundry cottager, and plots of accommedation s-nd wood land, A. Leasehold Bets-eo adr. joining the precediug. In the parish of Sherford. conelaisng of farm retdmiss,snd about 55 acres of land. let to Mfr. Adams, au-i held from 'he feoffoes of KInpsbridee trust or. two asure lives, s-ta nominsl rent. The whole esatAes comprise an ares- of about 1.120 acres, and produce a rental (tho erI-sots- paying land-tax and tithes), incnluding the value of the mansionms-nd woods In band, of about £l.1020 per aknnum. The estates are beautifully situate;. the approach from Klngsbrldge by the new turnpike road on the, banks of the estuary to the entrano ga2tes is verY plcture'iiie, the views (roesal part Par eimposing, extending on the land side over the Dartaloor-hsille and next the sea, which Is only fire mitles dirts-n'. to an s-innstunlimited extent on each side of Bolt Head Os3theocojst. Au thb buildings re substantial,the lands are naturally dry and very produ-,ctive; themeadowrsin the numnerous valleys on the estate are well watered, most of them hs-ylngetreame,which bavebeen tnruod is advantage for trrigation.There Is capital trout fisning on the prperty, in the miii strearnaand pouds for stows;, there lea allwsocnation for fishing in the nelphbouriiood, also In the celebrated fresh water lake called SlaPton L-ea, near Start Bay, these are monte of fox hounds and harriers, which hunt the district. The property is close to Fallspit. iHoreewell, Slade. 8tekeleigh, Sleekawrton, andt other orals, Particulasi, with Plans, may be had on the estae ofthe amekeper Wifm Pebay,who will show the propery;ofThmasHari, sq, sliitr, insbide; t heKig' Presentation of the Recotory of Woodham Walteras,lstulto between Cbelmsford and liaidon; with capital Residence, Gardens, Glebe and Titbes, maling the gross ann col inome nearly £700. nMESSRS. FARBlROTlER, CLARK, and LYE 1 are intructed to SELL, at Garrawal's, on Wednesday. Oct. 21. at 12. the NEXT PRESENTATION, subject to the life of the present incumbent, aged 75 yeara, to the Rectory of Woodham Waiter, situate seven mUes from Chelmsford, five from Witham, three from Maldon, and two from Danbury, the Palace of the Bishop of Rocbester, w%ith capital p%rsonsge-hosee erected In the atyle of an Ithan villa, pleasantly simtate on a lawn, with parterces of flowers, containing six prlncipal bed chambers, two servants' room, entranoe-hail, drawing room, dining room, lbrary, good servants' oflces, with coach-bouse, stabling for tbree horses, beautiful gardens, lawn, plantations, and pa4dock, together with about 45 acres of Riebe lasnd, IS acres of which is Immediately round the houet The titheb have been commuted at the sum of £06 wbich, witb the residence and globe land, produces the gro anurbu income ot £700. The neighbourhood is very gelect. the population af the parish abont 640. Particular may be had as the inn at Maldon: Griffin, Danbury; BMick Boy, Chelmsford; Sp reAd Eale. Ingatertone; White Hart, Romford; tho Angel and Star Inus, Oxford; the BMull Cambridge;Johnaarka Esq., Sessions-house, Old Bailey at Garray's anrdat the of DCla oe Messrs. Earebrother, Clark. and tye. 6, Lancaster-place, Strand. Abeolute Sale, by direction of the Mortgageee.-St, Margaret's, Twickenham, opposite Richmond-Turo very desirable Freehold Residences, wit otstabline srd Gardens, in the RIchmond-road, adjoining the Ase VTuis; let at rents amnountisg at presewutto £90 per amnum, with prosuect of large increase. _ESSRS. FABEBROThEB, CLARK, and LYE 17.1 are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at Carrawafs, oa Wednesday, Oct 21, at 12, peremptorily, by direction of the Mortgagees, TWO very desirable FREEHOLD brick-built semi-detached VILL t RESIDENCES, known as Campanile Villa and Campanile House, deightfully situate on the St. M4aruset's eeltate, at the corner of the Isleworth.road, adj ining the Atlss Villas, and cloee to Twickenham and Richmond bridge; each hsuse containa seven bed rooms, two drereing rooms, dining and drawine rooms and library, domestic offices, coach-honee, stable, and garden. CsmpanUe Hlouse is let on lease to D. C. La Boue, Req., at the annual rent of £66. Camptnile Villa on lease to JoaePh Deve, Esq, s-t £45 per ann,m. The siteatioa of St. Margaret's, abutting on tbs river Thame-, with the extenive viewrs over Richmond-gardes, the pr xtmity of the rallway, and faci. lities of acorns to London, reader this a most desirableCDtfer.ty for occupation. May be viewed and particulars beds-c tte CstleH Notel, Richmond; of Messs (Wany, Robins, s-nd Murgses, 3 Neian Strand; at (lrrws-y's;and at the oRyg Qf 7sf ,rtls ViMlk5 an4 4e I~~s6.lAe 2a In Chs.oceay.-` 'I Til., OcOdaco' -ad " Hosr T. LIttle," Csouncil hlM1JaiaterksbhIre-C&pIIItaliansion and a Demssme of OD acres, elut atBawc,ol U n a from the Sown and rail. E FSSRS. FAREBROTHER, OLARIK, and LYE will SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway*s on Wednesday, October 21, at Ithln two Iota, purasualt to an Order of the High (bnr of Chancery, made in tbe cause of "Kil1os v. Goodson' and " Hoare,. Little," with the alrobstlyn of the Judge to whose Court the mald can g Iattahedb eCN -HILL EST&TE situate at Braywe,nerthe ilanesdchurch of Bray, on the Berkshire aideof teTme,only lImnile;frorn.thei town and station of Masideniheg.d, eoorprLdlngsa caritalm ganion laced onan emineznessommsnding the most nrlnttarnpted slewof Addsr etle.EPatou Oollege,and the ri h adJacent country, and oontains unmesous principa and secondary bed Ichaineers nurseries, billisard room, Psacious lofty Mawltig rooma, and good dining room. breakfast room, itudy, and a eompletw mite Of domestic offices, extensive atablinc, osach.house and farm Eremises,oartal waUled garden, melon ground, as range of hot- dens, please onGo, and vilcery; beautiful lawns and tlower wr d6,pe guregounds emibellished witlh ebolce shrub-, gravsts terrace and turf walis~, ornamental shieet of wattr, and abont G0 acre Of PaLrkike land stndded with timnber of large growth. avenue, aud belts of Plantation In the occupattion of Edwardl EL Palmner, EaM, at £30 Per annumn. Aleo three superior Cottages with large gardens possessing goo frontages to the road from bsrapwlctotbo scuureib,iei to respectable tenants, at low rents. The whole ia freehold exoepta smal porion hic Is nithld,subjct t aberiot and a t7rifling quit rent Th proert ma be iewd byticetsonly, on Tuesdlays and Thusdas, eteentheboo c tiand1,which, with cartcuars, Bernondreyr.-A Portion of theo Freehold and Leasshod Etates ocf tne latei William Nottldge, Faq., produicing about £361 pe snnum,ohillfy In Improved ground recta well secured. 11ESSRS. FAREBROTHER. CLARIK, and LYE .L are instructed to SELL by A.UCTIONT. at Carri.wat'a Coffeehouse, Change-alley, ODutxhilt. on Wednesday. October 21. at 12 o'clock. by direction of the Hxertsrs, the following v-IuableFRREE-tOLD and LEASEHOLD ESTATES, osrnnorlstug leasehold lImproved ground rents,amnounting tozetber to £361 per annum, well secured, issuing ott of 36 houses, forming the east and weet sides of Maltby-street, Nos, W0and Si Russell-street, layge manufacturing Premises, and diwelling. hotue, 340. 53. Russell-street, seTen cottage In MIlitby grove, Bermrondewy, the whole property adjoins. and is of the annua rack rental ouD rdof4,W A,freehold p'ece of geround, at the back of 53, cm iA nrue frnm Rnsgsll_atr5et. lot on lea' to Meesgri Quails, at £10 per aininu. May be viewed a di partIclasm had of G. HL Drew, Eiq . solicitor, Hlberla-cambesubs, Londoribridge; at Garmaway's; sed;Af MWars, Farebrfotber. Clark, and Lye, 6, Lancaster-place. titransi. iucrey.-Hatchford and HillFarmseghmisfrmGldo, q4igt from Kingston, and fire frontM Wynde.mo tau Sale ofLire and Dead Farming Stock romps t ndStc Sheep of thepr South beotwsn 2I r simEFat and Stocks (Highland Boos)Si Milk Cowss, a pure Deon 9 so-year-old Bull. Working Oxen, 16 powerful Clart HreMvs a Hogs aud Swore Pigs: and excellent Agricaltural Implemen,ts. MESSRS. FAR'EBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE, ,LJ. will S3ELL by AUCTION, on rue-day. Sept. 29, at It precisely, the vaauable LIVE sand DEAD) ST'OCK on the abo,ve Farms, late the Property of the Earl of Ellesmere deceased, anud sild by direction of the Osuntega Downagr, the farms being let ; consisting of 200 fat and stock sheep, of the pure Southdowrn breed, rams and ram lambs, 16 werfulecarth virs, a nearly thorough-bred nagr, 22 fat bhesft, and ocll (Highland Boots), six Alderney and Ayr,hire milch roDws In calf, four two-year-old heifems a very nandsome two-year-old poire Devn bull, a pair of supdoilo Spanish workhing Ooen, eight fat hogs, 11 fre-h stores, two sows In furrow. taxrkeys and poultry. good double and tingl haf wnleozz and coarts, a ciodorusber, newrly, new iron and 'wood rolhler,landprwer,b~ aynmaking machine. winnowing machines, turnip-cutters, drill, plougho, harrows, borseboee rickcloth and poles; wagon lots, etaof harniess, ladderp, and nume%ous other agricul. tura Imemeats Reiesmens vllibe provided, and tho eal will commence at U1 precitely, at Hatchford Farm, Catalogue- may be had of Mr. Halnes, at Hat-hford Form: at the Market Inng In Rtipley, Gulldford, CGodalng, Cbertsey. Kingston; and of Meesrm Farebrother, CDark and Lye. 6, Lanicater-place, Strsand L-ondon. Oxfordshl,e-Thie Soundesa Farmcls to ttiebed. jmlsfo Henley, nitne from ReadlInA, and seven from WaliingforsL- Extensive EWOOt IT atd DadF.rming Stock. ocomprisit,g a Breeding Flock of 400 Fure Sontbdown Ew. a and Laimbs from the Well-known stock of Mir. Win. Newton, of Crowesarab, handsomne Alderney Cows, and Weaning Stock 10 handsome Sows and St-ore Pigs of the Berkshire breed, 13 useful Cart Hlorses, 16a tons of prime Clever and Upland Hay, a capital Sherpherd's House and Agricultural Implements; Houisehold Furniture!, Pictures Prmuts. and a liroughiam. ESSPRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARIK, and LYE having Bold the Sound sea EstAte, are instructed by the Proprietor, Edned, Barney. Fail, to SELL by AUCTION.00n the Farm, In the early part of October. the LIVE and DEAD STQIK, comprisng 100 four tooth pure Southdo-n ewes, 120 ewe lambs, two rams, four ram lambh 34fat sheep, 10 Aldersey ansd othe,r cows, and wveaners, 20 handsome Berkshire soew In farrow and with pigs, and store ligs, 13 cart homees, all good workera, 150 be.Ad of poultry, waggouNs carts, winnowin mchinzes, plousiss, nsrrows, hand thrashing machine by Barrel and 3 4sI chaff machine, foeld rollers teed harrows, ladders, r Oc etadles on ttones and caps, quantity of weil-eeasoned. sawn and rozisd timber, and numerous agriculturalI and other implements. several rich; of first quality, sabutfoln, clover, and upland meadow hay, brewing and daIry urensis, and a few lots of fuzrniture Orralognej aro prepading, and may be had at the farm ; at the market innis In Readinig. Hienley, Wallingford, Ablngdou, Basingsteke, and Newbury; and of Mlesas. Farebrother, Olark, sand Lye, 6, Lanuaster-place, Strand, LondonL The TOtteuarn0-U-zod Estate, sItuata between Muowell-hill and Wood- re,wth tplial Rtesidence, extenuive Farm Premites, and about =0 crsofu beautifully undulated Park-like Meadow Land, the wh.oe admirabl adipted for the erection of feelt-class s4l1a being within eaaQ ofto Hforuser Station, and 20 minutes' of lf.ndon. ~ESSRS. FAREBROTIBREl? CLARK, and LYE arwe Instructed by the Representatives of the late Thoe. Rthodes, Esq., to SELL by AUuTION, at Sasrrawa"9 Coffeehouse, In October' innumerous lots, a moatdiestrmble FREBELOL D PR( PEOTY, laud. tax redeemed, tsltuatbetween MAuswell.hill, in the parish of Clerkenweil, and Wood-green, In the padrib of Tottenhere, bounded en one side by the main road, and on the other by ihe Creel Northern Hallway and the New River, only half-n-mile from the Horosey St-aliou; oompr'sin a Capital brick-built residence, containing unumerous principalan secondary bed chambers entrance hall, approached by fight of stops, through a stone Portico inner hall, lofty dmrwing room 24 feet 3 Inches by IS feet, well prop~ortond didnin room, library. horreekeepees room, sad oomplete domesftIcoffices; extensive range of farm buildinigs, in substantial repair. wrell-house with engine pump, enclosed carriage yard, wills baiUllra cottage, pleasure grounds and lawn studded with cedar and other tim ber, tiowering Bhrnh,s ornamental clumps anad serpniesetofwater: two wailed kitohes) gardens, melon grounds, wp nlsrsof meadow and park-likte tend beautifully undculated, p osssscarmin views over the surrounding pIcuresque scenery, at-. tedn nthe distace on one side over the metropolis, and on the otern a ssx Over the rorest. The wbole sostains about 100 sores, of which thle rseidenice, and abouit 70 acres, adjoinIng, will form oneI lot ; the remainder will be divided Into plots, T%ry1OF fromn 3 to 15' scrM, for the erectzio of villas, eseb having extens vs frontages to the proposed roads, which willIbe laid out with reference to the disposition of the grounds and the vIews therefrom, coue being taken to Drererve all the ornamental timber. That part of the pro- pet next the Muswell-hill-road is immedliately In front of several s'dome iag and contains the oelebrated hfttrsell and other springs,which supply the residence and ollices with the purest water, and mlht..easily bre conveyed to all the lotris the sproing being on the highest point of theproprty. There Is abundance of gravel whLich wfll be valuable for formigthe svral mroads. litany0f the enclosures contaLin good brick earth; there is ever focility for drainage, The property extendsm over a beautiful v-atley, with stream of water, and the elevated landsi afford the most biruntiful sites for residences, without in any way interfering with the lovely views of bill scenery embrace froma each lot. The boosllty is rensarkably healthy, and the netighbourhood sele:t, abutting on several gentlemen's seats. together with CYhurch lands not likely to be built upon. The Groat Northern RaIlway passes through a cutting on the lW'oodwgreeo side of the estate, and is crossed by a good private bridge, giving the various lots easy ocene to the Horasey Station. All tteapropo'ed roads wil bie in oonnixoun witht the present carriage drf vs through the estate,whilc wtill be widened to the extent of 00 feet, and the lodges Witb the plantations adjonin wit oter rnamnta feaure onthe estate, will be preservd, artculrs,wit p ensshoingthefrontages and acreage of eahlo,wilsoerltlyt benpblshd andutheg propf53ert aumayh.iwdb Cl Sk ad ye F~1Ancse-LpBOTEs, Stran RK,wih artclaso LYE when ea; alstrfcte, toams atL the faCrm; at thein a' In t Inerceoer-enaex.TEV ovnetadpla-nl-tut 1i bt'hig.lmo 2 i hilrore-terrace, Ksnngngton.-1 xeletTesholdreivae Earl deeof ces,rm letvatiren, tsuamoud nt aegrdnhing tf£13onanum M IESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK and LYE wL ae instructed to BELL.a ba wy A sCTIn, at valuable~ veFREEHODJI ESTT, jstomtoftheigh roam erctedlsome yearssin.. beingone. 1cto 12, lintfhllyimoetervNo.2, JKenisintrn Teet riekighidmos ar wuibformeevatinon,stcoped,ngand hareDngardn b oth dvIng front, an mrar;theyired I them occupat ion o inghly r tespetsabledtenatato rfieents damutn torden I phereannum,t and r held, foC0pr annunexp ire termqueofeSorr alargrondtrent.yMay he-ee viewe by plewrmleseo of the trenats, and particularslhad of Jeuo. .asderln. ud q.. ;alloe-bes,h Rtrne ity; atldigCerraay'a'n;u Graws and at the offices of Msr.Frbohr Wlar.an Lyre, r notter-pClArk , tsand. W.C.trDle Smn pValubleofFAreeod Resaidenc bide, ur ham-guto,slur t thes from Lar and acvommodtohng lnd iJame 'i-pagk:et o frthe bol ltena rnta 1I" ESSRS. FAREBROTH ER, CLARK, and LYE ._1Jm are instructed toPRS AELL teCar ovewa ESTATin Ocob r,SA vlaLE FREEHOLD ESTTe ctomrsng man bexcellnt bheroficbultrsinL deoce, ortd3olelhfly situaeteNo2, otwrk Joamles-street, Duteahem-, to,uoverl.oo)king lg, amesake'par,Ftandcloerto u otinham-PClace. M n~u. fiv bedRE chmes, dnsrueds bvroom E xeeautodrswn r--oom wth Fencht winowsD Gopening to batny, aEL bAcUCraIONg room and -a maltird room, library,e diningerot, the.23 anceeaydfomestic ofIcest, adagre nthe TO.itresardUet nsileseo at G10ASe annum:Ain co nrumeroufa uslareutly Ehy-the loniri-ee. Mayb vlewe rytity of thae: set,enant, and ootiulrs hd of Msrs. incramer,one.and BootareNliwters, Raymosnd-buiy cldn rs, (tays-nn gatlons o al y's.7 ; e%ined tye.lowfbuteso Messs. am'hroher,Clak, nd ,ve.Lana. gbtna,p."e. fulcrson su 8oharisee fVarluable Frieod Wamersidge,abouetysi,mlesdfrom Leo- deed,accommgoda tionLandin theridlge, idthredwhole leta rd&ent t tl ity ESSRSdo.FA BRTE,CAKanLY L. W Lare i Instructed toPEPR the abreESA eS forrSL Tinc hr tnlme,punless an dacoeptbedofersol be mriade bypriac te vhcnrat Fur nther iforaio a be Oren d atthellthes, 1c opoin Lancaster-placo.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~N, Kr, 2 ndI, ooey-test,Souhwrk.ToBuideS.o lssDnl Plumers.tookng-gass-akrr,Fixure eales, ediohr.Cer I 15 fet, orya mono or average depth of 10l, feeot, with failities for the erection of a wharf Dlatform: the whole of the estimated value of ,LOW0 per annum. The above ofrers a rare opportunity of ecuDrig tlpODOtaDt rid spacious freehold premises adaDpted for a wharf or any other purpose requiring a brat-class water-sIde sitnation, and from the yearly increasing valuie of this descritiUon of oroperty, maybeo consIdredas lfrin unsua fciltie fo otaiinga ecnre and hishl Improving investm ent, Ma.y b7e vtiewed ffotby 7tiackits sgly. t beootaindh3z of the actioneer, nd partculars, with conditiona of ale, had of 0. Wellborne, Eaq., solicdtor, lT, Duke-street, London-bridgae at the Mart: and at Sr. Wiher'sr s fires, 24. Duke-street, Lndond -brides. Grocerls and Oilman's Stock, MYFture UteDnils In Trade. Honcehol Furnttue, 6-Octavo Roswood Cottage Pianoforte. Ironmongerr, and various effecta removed fOr convenienoe of ale, from 407, Strand, and elsewher M R. JAMES REVELL will SELL by AUCTION, Mwilbout reserve, ait his SAle Rooms, in the rear of 271, Oxfod. stree, eo Tuesday next, the 2d intl., a 't 12 o'clock, the FITTING I UTENSIL9 of a GROOCR, cossprldg mabogauy counter. nesta otI drawvesetenis.r, scales. weights, civierns, mills ;also a large quantityl of genuine stck,cl.onsisting di teaLs, sauces, pic'kles, boll ed Irate, saind oil, preserved meats, musttrd, fancy goods, sundry useful ironmongery and tn are Insitable lots, household furniture, 61-octave cottage pianofortepon Dwphieton, and various effect,, On vIew, daY rrior and morning of sale, Cabtalogues may be had at the sale rea7ms, 272a Oufoed-steget. Middlesex and Surrey.-Valuable Freehold Property, on the Sanks of the Thames. at Hampten-wtck and Kingston, producing a Rental1 of £3S0 pro annum. land.tax tedeemred. R. J. C. STEVENS is directed to SELL by AUC- M TION, at Garrvaway, Change-alley, CorDhilL on Tuesday, Plevt. 22,at 1 rocise1 ibn Bo lnots (unlXesa pePFio-l, disosd of by PrateCoutraot. the following valuabie FREEHOLD IES fATES, viz:-Lot 1. A spadoua Family Reddeno, situate oa the banks of the Thames, at Hampton.wick, Middloex with Ooach-house, stabUug, pleasure andt kitchen gardeng anad orbard, altogether about i acre, et at £125 per annum: and twosmall Cottages, producing £20 per annum. Lot 2. A capital Beildeoo, with beautiful pleasure grcunds,adui extensive kitchen garden anapaddock, abutting on the Tbames,aStuato in the road leading from Hampton-wick to Toddinglon. let at £110 per annum Lot 5, Two Reldousoes adjoiDing the abovo, with gardeus.&c, let at £10 per annum. Lot 4. A Butober's Shoe and Premises and 0Ctw aead jning,tuaetoLtHmpton-wick,producing L257per snnum ,sund lot 5, a D,sclllng-housewitb i'Llt-hou8e in the rear sItuno in the h-igb I sieet of the capit market town of hgton-on-Tiimes together let an £10per annum. The land-tax Is redeemed, Half the prchase, money may remain on mortgage. May be vmed by perm bion oftbe a tenants till the ele, and parklrnl%r, with plans, had 14 d* ioro Mr. Rermeock, suveo, Kingston; o Wim. Kinsy, l>q., s lter, Bloom oumebury-square- a G =a a'. and QC 4 tnaN :, ingt, 9QTA60bar 6nl7 Bowubam w. DMiodocg,ctnj RXSS. DANVIELi SMIT¶ SON and OAJKLEy M wtl arm the pubtl c mtatbthia HFOPE T%y woagoroor atthe ALuctio MAst, andL may now be purchsed by private lieastil 10. Wateeloo'place, PAUl-Mau. Fh wl iora JRtat near mhe WiOchseee n isoaew IN abSOUth.WssieRn I1War. FjrSRS. DANIEL SMITH,. SON, and OAKLEYT tL havs reesived I strueitlos to offer for SALE, at the iAcetise ar, DO" thsBank of Ren.,d, Os, Tuseds~ the Othdayof Octobe,. W87. at 12 olocok, tbhi s vaIle TREEHEOI bPROPEaTY, i %ete, fo1Iewloglots 8:-L0t L The mansion called Sbawford Housa, situate, In the Waish of Teryord, sod withIn forur .41et of the WIncheaterSt,tion,l in a beautifully timbered perk, containing, In ab ring: fence). St, 3r. M. of meat valluable sound meadow land, kc. Thie,' h0 BWU Ptied for the full requirementa of a moderAte-szi,fi tamily, snd hag breet for many yeasm and in now poce-dby General F'rederick, bet P05e5ets,may be h~aa nJ'une, 1888. bhesituation Of this PrOrprtY, with regard to railway communicatlon, good society, %daeaithy diastict, may be considered first-rate Lot 2. Tots Manor Farm, compriding a vera euperior subsgtantially-built fam reet. denee, meet ellidthy ant dellghtiulLy situate, and well adaped, after 6. moderate outlay, to become the residence of the ppretor of 1hoa estate ; together with 609A. Sc. Op. of freehold. arabIe, meadlow Wate, tmeadow, and woodlands, the whole lying wel togetber, and having thereon two farm homesteadsm, well situate for the economiol cult6. vatlou. of the land. This lot, with the exoeptioo Of About two Acres la (he paLriah of Otterborzne, IB to the, perish at Twyforsd, and is In an excellent "tat of cutivyctjm The whoe of th srable lands are adapted for ohs7 farming, and a con.- gidderable portion of them awe o firrst-rt quality. Th.' water meadows connaist of upwards ot 70 acres, and their quali?Y wll bo clearly descmibed by the fact that they are situate In the paris o6 Tw)ford. The woods, about 115 acreg, forming Twylford.park, aro' well adsAd for w thegrwth of ho Pole. and timber. Poeamfcm oe the whole of this lot may be Ma a MJlchzlae~ 3M8. LAtS Thee lsenstlog Fart sidtuate I the parisebe of Twyf cad and OwialbnLry. auottlig75a. 2r. ISp.of arableand paueIn,thgo an homtesteadi, farmhouse, and premises, and four cttaes his lo"t I freehold, with the eicepition of a. r. p., which areonpyhold of the' manor of Marwell, and have been aranged to be enfranchised foe, X ; thl sum with the fimes and fees, to be paid by the vendors.. The cottages are let hi etsee upon lives, and the revergiom to them,a will be included In this lot The whiole forms a meet deslrable farm, , and l?selson of It may behbad at1 MlchaelMnSF, 388 Lot 4 sonelssi of 92 2r. 3p. of arable, pasture, and wood land, lig extrsgllyWOWj together, in the priah of Owr.lobury, consisting of Maxwell fsanor' Pairs, Hurst, and=Lde Farms, with a very large and exeelleot fleah nd Tbo~propertiis well dapted fog the erectlon of aresldenoefosaroleo.and rartlenlarly for one food of fieldspr. and the sOl and generAl Character Of th estate are Ot that a ture which will seure to0 the purcaser a faul recoDmPese fee hie. outlay. It Is within four miles oA the Bioshottoke statoo,t. and six of the Wischester ; and Is partly oocupied byal tenant. and pertly let on lease The wrhole is freehol,a. well worthy the attention Of capitaList. desiring agricultural invet. mente with or withoutresidence, lollpartionlac wilghortly be pub. liabed, and may bo had of hfesser, Bray, Warrn, and Rssdlng, 57,, Great Rnseell.titreook Bloomsobury; MOsIre Benn3ett, klid, Aan DAwV, son, Linooln shn I Me,srs Blae. TAylee andt XIl 14, Esasx.street,. S3trand; James Wlckens,Esq., l, Ohndicoo-streetwOyeudna,ctare., Mlemoss. Leman and Co.. 51, Linoln's-Ilo fields ;KMeerzs.Bell, Steward, and Lioyo 49 Ltncoln's.tnn-selds; Mesrs. Biscloi,Core and Bern.. Liti),t0tienZa- treet, city- aoeses. Woodha No slctors Winchee.- ;and Of AMesse Daniel dcnlth, Son, and TOkley, laud agents, 10, Ws,derloo-plaoo, Pall-mall, London. *IESSRS. DASLEL SMIITH, SON, and OAKLEyT bpeg to inforrm the public thai the SALE of thes MtANORS att weell t is WITHIfItEL.IO., Waterloo-plwce. Thle Rectoral Rent-charge of the atbo wfr,i h onyc ~~~ESSRS. S~outhmtn ESR.DA-NIEL SIV,SO,ndOAKLEY Ml will offer for BALE, at teAcinMr,na the Bank of England, on Tuesdar. the 6hdyo coe et the BEG.- TOEIt EENT-CUaEGE ofth ashoTW Oi,amuIng, In gross, to thesu of£55.ld,pranm asote Pareonage.house andMedw Thspoetiselfrm h' Hospital of SL C'rnefrwlvs o gd epcieySad at an annual roomred rent Of 2,tgte ihteproaehue and meadow which It Isnrpsdt elspraeyfo h ihs andt free of ttais reserved rent, The purhsro hsltwl aelt krep in repi the chaneel of thechachuh, o hc osdrbesm bac been tatly expended. PeAticnlus"ARem had of Mams Bray, Warren, and Harding 57, Great REau-seltreedsBlombuy Morn, Bennett, Field, and Daweon, Lincoln's-InnI Bboom.buylee Blake and Trlee, 14, Eesex-sireet, Strand : James ~hkes Chanes-tret, Oreuishqa e;Meesc. LAman and COD., N61, fu oolo's-lnn-flelds , hMesr. el S4teward, andLlyd 49, Ltarohs's.ina. file Msr. lcoff, Ooxe, and Bompas,li, Co1 mn-0 ret dy Meeses.Woodhan, solicless. Winchester, and of Moas Anie Smith, Son, andiOakley, landU agen , 11) Wtaterloo.Placie. Fall-mall. and tisonsoketatone on the Londcon sodSutWeer awa. tiUE IsP. T. 8D.ANdIls. SMIrH SON, aofAKE bteh o Satrday.l thea Dr.th7of Ocobeatr, 87 ati ocon ,(n tisof Cmthion TAE situat In the psc, nd se fTyfr n Aseleabmyl efmreehgl farm,aluablefueht wate corn mil kon .ihewfry adMi, with convenhientresadene t ilan cotag, sabe ocuaton ofM.HnyYon.As alal edw cotaIn 1.cicuple. abd Kra. Obr.lop, ofub k supterowtemad ablebts mall freehl marn,,ufactory itht acres, wihsallhu sai s-cds,, c. Also 21 acres ofeonund freehold grean LAnd. , ulnl setdded with timber and Joining the high road at Colden-common, well adapte for the erectIon of a residence;: aboat 10 acre. of free.. hold p Mostr land, with a good cottase reddence sble, ciosah-house_ wbee wriht's work-'hop ard Yard adJoining the high read, pleasantly situate. Thf, house and u p.mises are in the ocioupation of Ar. Jamee. Year, as yearly tenant. Aeoct 358 acres of freeold pestuer land. wellt timbered, ud.formIng agoods tieforbuilding, A hoeseadjoiningthe,turnpike read,. a pIece of oopyhold woodland, known as Ly' Copes.- ocontaIning6s. Or. 3p Also severaldetacbed piece.of freehold lmeadowland and numerous ocottagee and gardens, let on leases fog live~.. Printed parttoulars with plans describing the mnode of lotting, wil1k ebortly be pubUiehed, and then may be had of Memnra Bray, Warren,. and Harding, solicItorm,57, Groat Ituaeell-stret, BEoomosbury: Messrs. Bennett, FMeld.&and Daweon, Linicolt's-ins: tdeesme.Blake, T7lo., Au&l llyle., 14, EKesix-street. Strand; James Wlckeus, EDO, , I,Cadoselseet, 0Ciesudileb-eqare Messrs. Leman and Co., 61, Ltnooltla-n's-in fields; Mser,. BelL Steward, and rloyd, 49,I[ncolu's-an-infitildls . mee Blecboff. ozxe, and Bampea, 19, OColeman-erreet, city; Mtesrs. Wood- - hem, solicItors, WInhebster; and of Mesome Daniel Omith, Son, an& Oakley. land arentead sud rveyors,Ill, Waterloo-PlAce Pall-MaLIL poatemenot of S . T-eoneh e-Ashley-oor, rgtu e derate-etzed Reeldesoe, with Scabling,Gay-dens, Peaitrerelons n ornamental Pastures. on the river e nea the Twn of iet ESSRS. DA.NIEL SMIFTH,aSON, and OAKLBT MLJ will offer for SALE (hy order of the Executors), at Pratt's New' London Inn, Exeter, on Friday, 16th October. at 2Z liusfted of saturglay,tb. 3d, as previously edverlleed), unles preriously dlep osed of bp Priat ~teay,the abovo most desirble REItIENCE, char.- miosly siuae n au, elevated spot, overlooring the ancient towa and church of Tiyerton, and the proverbitadly beautiful Vale ot' the river Exe, 12 miles dlistant from the city of Exeter, and within. fite hou.rs! journey of Londcon. The house is an elecant buldd. ing In substentlal and deoraMtiTe repair, with verandah front,. anadocontalces nine good bed rooms, twn dresaing rooms, breakfeet, dinIng. and drawing rooms of good dimensions, and c onvenient. domes-it eaflleer,with vart.us other outbufldings, tabling foraidx horsee and double coach-house, with grom,' moom, over, a6 granary, anct p' und-house; also a small farm homestead and a good cottage.. The house Is apprcoached through a neat ledze entr4noneby a~ carriage drive thLrougth well-planted PleasUre-grenod1, tastefully ISdX out. The lawn Is etudded with evMergren n Albcshobg,There Is a green-how usea. kltohen-garden wefllstocked with choice wall-truth' 'reeos. The gar,ions and groundis are in excellent order, the proprlet-er h.viDgMunti ver-y recenty resided on the property. The 1Isedle nearlyr all pa-turs and meadow, and the whole estate comprise about 21 acres, a small porticonis freehold, and the who!e of the residue Is hold for M, term of 2,660 years, ommesreing in 1661. An annual payment of OS.. dIpcharges all demaands for lan3d-taX and tithe rent charge. Tbo cisoltsl modem feee,iturni may be taken byj valuation If required, or Iewill be soldi by auctcion on the preMt,cs In the month Of October. IJnmediate possesion of the whole maLy be obtained on completion of lbha nurchlae. Farther partIculairs may be had of J. 0. Pateb, Faq.. soll. octor, Tiverton; a-nd of Blessrs. Daniel Smnith, 8on, and Oakley, lanld agents and surveyors, 0, Waterloo-plane, l'all-mall, wherea Plan Of' the house may be peen. nerslw h awT -_4n - 1~¶ESRS.RING andSON are instructed b the, ereo,woisprceyediDg to Canada, to offer for SA B bpt AUCfOI(,on te rmtisesntao shoveao Thursdlay, September 24, at.. 11 'co~-, ll hemoern tand well-manu'stctured FURtNITURP- Corpolingmahgan fur-post and Iron bedsteads, goose-feather beds,. woo an hir atresesand bedding, linen. haudsome winged ward.. rols, hees f dawes,mahogany mnarble-top washatands and Sit.. ting, sd th usal dessnroom requtosites; drawing and dllninX rolom onin of roses-o cdmahogany; too. card, sod occasiOnaL' tables, sideboard, bookcss cheffoslers with maLrble tops, sets OEf chairo. oconches, reclinn an occasioael chairs, geels of damask curlo,ins, Brussels carpets, chimney. cberal, pier, and droning glasre,09 mantel clock, chinau and Bisque China figures and Chine-se vases, with obsdes, a brIllIant-toned Ol-octave semi-cabinet pianoforte in rosewood. case by Collard, double-action haLrp by Erard, a silver corniet-h-piston. musicstool audi cabinet. and a few doez-n of choice old wine; hall chairs, hat and uLmbrellstaeticde, shower bath. kitchen requisites, andvarious effects. Catalogues may be had on the premises and at theoffloo of Messrs. King and Son, aLuctioneers,land, anud estate agents, Breutford. 50 bortbamptoochirs-In Chancery.-"`Williams v. T-yley- unude ab dereme made in the above cause).-Dogirable Freehold and Tithe-,free Estatee,,situate Ilathe parishes of Little Addisogton sued Irtbliaghorongb, In the ocountyr of Northampton, the property Of the late)Rev. T. Saudbrsoni. M%JESSRS. KING and SON are instructed to SELL. lv.by AUCTION, with the arrolbation Of Vice-ChaseloBUr SirWiUlam PAce Wood, at the White Hart HOt'l Tapnlon, Vorthaaml) tor-ebire. on TTuesday. October 6, at 4 o'clock, in eight lota, ocimptisim,~ a FREHEHOLD FARMl HOUSE: and PREMISES, with FlO. lr. 29p. o' arable, pasture. cod meadow land.sidtuate tin the parish of Little Adelairgton new La the occupation of Mr. Thomas Paablee. A close ot' arable lan2, containing l5a. 2r, in the pariah of Little Addington. also two ct-tee of stable land a4joining, continingurlSs. Ir 3p,lin tho, peis of Irthllngborough. A cloece o pasture laud, situate In Lltcle, AVdingtn. adjoining the before-muentionted piroperty, consistig Of the sKite of the old mansion, with farm, homiaestead, and orchard. containing Os. Ir. 25p. A close of Pastrs land.conutaining 2r. 4p.: also a plantation adJoining. conitealnieg Ir. Ojp., both inthe~; parish of Little Adinilgton. A close of eature land, situate in LitUic - Addinglos parish. ciorta%ingisg a3r. 13p. A. ootices, garden, yard. auad buidings,sidtuate in Little Addington villacue; Two cottage and appurtnne adjoining ; and a cotta.ge and Its anpnrtensanno. siut nLttle Addiargtn pa-rish, Particulars may be had ins Landau of Moines.Capron. Brabant, and Co., solatioti d ravile9-Pl5ace Messrs. fjoverdalo and CO.,Solilcitors, Bedford-row; MNe.%rs. Lacy Anu lirdge, sliitos, in's rmsyar; r. IllamHovpkinson. solidIcr,Stamord-Me-ds. Wedhedge nd oneUsllitors,Uxbridge;. I,tsor. Ewar Fihe an So, lnd gens,Market liarborouith- sad a theelSe.of Mssrs Kingcud on, uctioneers, land an4Z estae aent, do, Brutfrd, iddesex an 4.CarInnu-street, Pall- Cardlnkton-etreet. Hcmpstes,i-road. ESR.GREEN and STANSBY will SELL by, MAUCTZO', at Ga'rway's, Change-alley, Coenhbill, on Wednee.. day. September 23, at 12 (it not In the meantimes disocosed ot by privatocoutracti, valtable long LE&SEITLOL)pRREmIiniEl, 18i, Carditonstreet, EEampstead- roasl, close to the Enston-&quare R%ilway TerIntut: comprising a range of spacious andl ecbat'4tanti.lmodsrnbuilt workchop, wih cuntig-hose,engie rom, tubig, re. ; lo'to meerr. ale) icaitalsebold ugrndithu reminsEfets,Inhan. alvr Opc,i lirgeyard nd exellen covredgtwy etac.Tewoepo JOEN DAWSON and SON will SELL by AUC- " TION. upon tho reemae on Thursday. September 24. snd followlig day, at U. all the very good HOUSEHOLD FiJRNITURE. consisting of modern bedstouls in maihogany, retal, canopy, FreRch, o.k, all with excellent bedding. marble wasahIands, winged and other wardrobes. cheval and otber toUette glae and all tb various saPendrsgo; of ten or eleven bed rooms capital dining tabos, morceneete chi t rcl arved sIdebotar snd RaccophageK, an ole at: droing monm mite in velvet and neodleworr wo tabe auo lonuge chalrs. reewood oomnmodes with marble tops, cabinets of minerals, sroentlcail arranyoe chimneyslasee, tapestry, Turke anc BnaeOls carpets and rugs 6Q-octave pleno, ome fine old n French clock and venous ornamental articles, aU eight-day chimney clock, valuabla en)gravinge by old masters IWoolett sod othersl framled and in Poetbrlie, the British Gallery of engravers, '- Vedute dl Roms, Finden's" Byron adsom Ootber lustrated work,. Dinnuersnd tea china, table gla,s, &o. The furniture ot the domoestic eMcee, and various tbhins in the gardens and pleasure grounds. To beoevwed on Wednesday the 23d inst. Catalogues on the premises; and at. eesrs. John Dasroon and Son's land and auctiou offices. Klngston-onTbames, a nd s lrtorougb.chambers, 49. PPl -lm alL Oeruvail terrace, Dover-co, Borough.-Honusehold Fnrniture, hand- Bome Cbestnut G elding, MAi Phiton, and nearly now Set of Pated Harners R R. J. W. WAR]) begs to announce ho will SELLI Mi!. by AUCTION. on the PremiFes. as above, on Tuesday. Sept. 22. at 11 O'clock. oomprisig a solid rosewood DRIWING I1oow SUIT , covered in Fench danaasi, 6e-cottare pianoforte. 5 tt. obeflioneer withplate-glwea back, couch and easy chair ea ssdte, dining room furnlturein Syansh mahogany, 10 ft. teloreops dling tables iddebard, chairs and conch in morooo leathev, large chimner glasse. four-pOFt, &ra blan, and other bedsteadis endclean b , Iswaadrobe chest oh draw ers, marble-top wehotods oiolet Fb, Brsels and o.ber carpet4 fenders^ and Irons, bed cod table lien, china cud glas. a few diue prints framed. and gluerd iron safe, and nssmeron, kitiehen effete._ Ma^y be viewred on Msonday sud morning of sale. Catalogues on thepremises and 01 the anstiOneer, *, WaI wortb-road. At Booth's Warehou, 21, Budge-row, on Thursay, September 4, at 2 oclock presolly on acoout of whom it May ooncern. 1 IVE tons of Yellow Soap, 1,500 cooa door matgs F.1 do. In double yarn, slnnetl bruhshu,nd worsted, border. 113 r38 horse hammocks, 27 neeo bags; 703 yad otton chars, 200 taolt salt canvs, 500 hospital reg. 70 cues Dutch cay pipes. 7 tons Turkish shiD biscuit, 30 waterproot tarpaulins and riod cloths, 50 plers oooos mat.- tiu, 50 Crimean tents pad marquees, 50 handsame moderateur lamnos, and other goods. May be viewed one day presioas snd morning of sale at tho brokers warehonse 2I, Budge-row. Oatslogues bad or senb. Tost froo on applicstion to . Booth and Son, brokers and auctioDeers, Budgrow. London.
