DEATHS. At Rltsdnahal. Rei31. en the 3les October. of remittent fever, P. S. htadgeEq, 0. E., Idesdnt EngIneer, East Indian Railway, uerrnd SOn of John Mudge, ESQ., late 4ct D6wllsh, Devon, deeply and deservtdly lanmented. On the 4th Int., at Linden Hall. near LAunister, Jane, the beloTed Wie Of Willim Sharp, EL-q., ege 73. On the 13th lest, at Beaedzl.lzsabeth wary Eassnalh, the beloved wife of Gleorge KippIng, Rsq., and eldest daughter of ,F. G. Mand, IDA., of Thornton-heath, Croydon, aged 81. On the I1ith Inst.. at Munich, aged 21 Francis Poentney, req.. ot 3xeter College, Oxford, second son of the Rer. L Pooutaney, vicar of Et. Johm!s. Wolverhampten On the 111th Inst.. at St. Loeeoar, aenSea,Agnes Jane, eldext daughter of the late John Reid, Esq., of [Jower Tooting, Surrey. On the 17th Inch. at GnuIdIord. Barbara, wIfe of Louis Joseph Buackland, RAq.. aged 49. On the 18th Imt., at 11, Ylnabur-odrcus, Esther M it h tas Infant daughter of David Hiaros, Esq., aged three months. On the 18th Insk, at C. Oharlotto etreet, HUl. George Oammell, E1q aged 58 Consul f,r the Grand Duko of Uildeuourg. On the 18th Inst, at Rasebomrue, naer Mldhurt, Susex, aged 86, the Rev. Francis Bowland. RIt.P. On the 19th lust., at his resldense. Trewogwn Court, near Raglan, Monmouthshire. Ur. John Evans, In the 77th year of bis sge. On the 19th Inst., of -dilent fever, ftcier a few darzxtUnen., at pan In B;nc, Mrs. Ann Dun, the f1lthful and affoectionate nurse of tile Date M ln , WiNllam Giford, of Weybridge, SBrrey, whom she only survived 1t days. On the 1Sth inst., at 33, Upper Norton-stee Portland-plac Hz. eiJain aat of aed N% oolletyF of the parochi rates for the parhsh of Sl Mrleebone for 1, years, deservedly resowced and esteemed. On the 19th, ins%t, In heor Sn ear, Susan the beloved wile of Mr. William Nelaon, at their residdeno, Spring-hilt WJrLnkeld, Betks. She tdearted In plaeu, and enltered tunto te rest which renalneth for the People of God. On the 20th Inst., at St. Albans, Mr. S. P. Smith, aged B4. On the 21t, eIt.. ad Paris, Eltrbeth rellet of Matthew D11Othord, REq., late of M eokhem, lusey, aged 83. On Sunday, the 20th1 Int., at his residence, Westdeld House. Rugh,. Warwickshire, James Sut!lIn, Esq., aged 75. Qn Sunday, the 20th iust,, suddenly, on his return to his residence, Ohersy Tree HallI, Chathamn. biter officiating at %he usuAl moranIg iseryioe, the 2ev. l D). tioWlok,in Lahe 50th year of his age, mog deeply and deservedlY lam nented hy a lyage fniby ciole and friendsL On the 21st Inst. at Uast Ooates House, dnbwrsh, Mms. hlinabeth W&cDowl widow of the late Ltoed Oohkburn. on the 21st lust, at Pembtoke-e;erraoe, Kenadngton. John Bellworthy. Essi., aged 67. On the 2lat., at Hamn%gte, Snsannah Sophia, rellot of the late WJlliam Wright, Esq, in t 0dyearof her age. On the 21st iast., at EIston Haoe nro Satebuny, Stephen mills, Esq, much beloted and deply lamented byhi amilyandfriends, On the 2Isd lst.. in Upper Harley-teete osi weeks after her sist, Maria Therea2. second daeughter of the late Oolonel TottuIgharn, HX,IAmS. In hter 77th year. On the 2ist inst., at hi Noresde, E49 Moray-place, Edinbrgrh, James Bsschansn, Req. On TuhedyS the lId Inst., at Port3wooa Lodge. near rsutbAmptkn, William Abbott, llq., a Magistrate and Deputy-LIoulonant of the county of Hampshre. on the 122 Inst.. Charlotte Louisa, wife 01 James Dawoou, of Richmond-grove, Islington. xOn the 23d int, at his resdenoe, To}WIngton- kr, Hoc y, aged 76, John Bl d. esq.. deservedly and sinoerely lamented. on the 214 inst., aged 14 years, aWte a severe and pzotracted Illnesw John Seymosur, yojungest and much beloved son of Kr. Henry Snead, of, Westminster. On the lid isit., at 18, Queen-square St. Jssne's'-ps,k, Peter Brophy, REsq, aced 82. On the 234 inst., suddenly, at 15, Hynastosx.row, Up)per Grange-walk, Besrmondsey, hIss Eranoea siasum, aged 77, On the 134 Inst., at 19, Hlghbus-pace, Elby Maci, eldest child ot Wjiulim Rh-it Low. In her 18th year. Mmss Wood fifth daughter of the late John Tinsly, Xgq,, of lost's. mry. Kent, " she tell asleep In Jesus."
NORTHERN OTRfmrTr NPEWCASTT.R. nv 09 Mr. Justice Crompton ariied at this town yesterday afternoon, from Dnrham, after finishing the assdzes there, and immediately o sned the commission. This morning his Lordship charged the town grand jury at 9 o'clock, at the Guildhsall, and then adjourned to the Moot-hall, where he charged the county grand jury, after 'which his Lordship proceeded first to try the county prisoners. The calendar for the county contains the names of five prisoners only; that for the town of Newcastle contains the names of 24 prisoners, some of them charged with serious offenoes. James Oliver, aged 34 was indicted for feloniously utter. Ing and putting off a Bank of England note for the payment of 101., well knowing the same to be forged, at the parish of Shotley, on the 5th of October last. Mr. L. H. Bagley and Mr. Fowler appeared on the part of the Bank of England for the prosecution, and M1r. Seymour in defence of the prisoner. It appeared that the prisoner was a mason, living at a place called Bellingham, and that he passed a forged note to Michael Hudson Makepeace, a farmer at Boltsthorpe, in the county of Durham. On the 5th of October last Mr. Makepeace drove seven beasts to Blanchland fair, on the borders of Northumberland and Durham, to sell Not succeeding m selling them, he was driving them nome again, when he prisoner met him at a place caUed Bay-bridge, and, after some conversation with him about his beasts, began baxraining with him for one of them-a bull, which he eventually agreed to purchase for 71. 17s. 6d. The contract was completed in a roadside publichouse, where the prisoner pulled out what purported to be a 10 Bank of England note to pay for his purchase. hEr. Makepeace had never before but once in his lfe (six years ago) seen a Bank of England note, but, believing and trusting that the note was a genuine one, he took it in payment and gave the requisite change. The prisoner then drove away the bull, and on meeting a young woman who know him and saw him drivng the animal requested her not to mention that she had seen hinm. At the time of the purchase he gave a wrong name and address, and with a great show of hospitality he invited Xr. Mlakepeace to visit hnuif ever he came into his neighbourhood. The note turned out to be a forgery. To prove gailty knowledge evidence was given that the prisoner, on the 16th of May last passed a forged 51. Bank of England note to a Mrs. Gohgntly, who kept a publichouse at a place called Street. end, and also then gave a 'wrong name; and on the 22d of August last he passed another forged 51. Bank of England note to another publican, which being handed over to the police ho gave five sovereigns for the forged note and told the policeman he might destroy the note. His LoRDsmp having summed up the evidence, The jury found the prisoner GuWy. Iisi LORDSIIIP, ia passing sentence, told the prisoner that not long since he would have been executed for this offence, 'which was a very grave one, as it bore very hardly on the poor persons vvho were deceived by such practices. The sentence of the Court was that he be sent for six years to penal servitude. Henry Oxley 'was indicted for feloniously embezzling the sum of 12?. 12s., the property of his master, William f£all Brown, on the 9th of November last, at Hexlham. Mr. Davison appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Price defended the prisoner. It appeared that the prosecutor's father. a very old man, since dead, a farmer, wisbed to sell a bay mare at Hexham fair, and the prosecutor offered the prisoner 3s. for his day's work and his expenses to take the mare over to Hexham and try to sell her, with instructions to get 131. for her, or within a few shillings of that sum, or bring her back home, The prisoner sold the mare to a Mr. Smith Stobart, of Acomb, at the fair for 121. 12s., the mare at the time having a running at the nose. On the prisoner's return he told the prosecutor he had treated him very ill in sending him with a glaudered mare to the fair. Or the prosecutor asking him If he had sold her and got the money the prisoner said he had exchanged her, and the prosecutor would find another horse in his stable. On going to his stables the prosecutor found a horse vwhich had got the "staggers" that was not worth 11., and was of no use, as they could not work him, for he could not be got to stir. The prisoner told him he had got much the best of it in the bargain, for his mare was glandered, but she was not so in fact, and he did not teU the prisoner, in order to account for her running at the nose, that "sho had got some trouble in her head." (Laughter.) On telling the prisoner that he had no authority to make any such exchange as he had done, and demanding the money fot his mare, the prisoner told him he coulld do nothing to him, for it wvas only a breach of trust. Mr. PRICE objected that the property of the mare was in te father, and not in the present prosecutor, iS LORDS1IIP was of that opinion, and ordered the indctment to be amended. Mr. PRICE also objected that the prisoner was the agent of the prosecutor to seU the mare if he could, and not his servant within thei meaning of the Act of Parliament. His LORDSIP overruled this objection, and Mr. PRICE having left the case in his Lordship's hands, The inry found the prisoner Guilty, and he was sentenced to be imprisoned sLx calendar months, with hard labour. The county prisoners were all tried in the course of the day, and one or two of the town prisoners. Considerable delay and confusion were caused in the early part of the day in his Lordship being obliged to charge first one grand jury at the GuildhaU, at one part of the town, and then the county grand jury, at the Moot-hall, at another art of the town, where all the business was adjourned to. burst the town grandajury found a bill, and then a town jury had to be got into the jury box. Then It was disco. vered that some of the witnesses were absent, and probably at the Guildhall, a quarter of a mile off, down a descent of about some 200 steps. Before these witnesses could arrive in court, almost breathless with running up the steep ascent, the county grand jury found a bill, and then the town jury had to be turned out of the jury box and a county jury called into it. In this way three hours of the morning were consusned, and it was 120 'clock before any worklouldgbebegn, although his Lordship sat at 9. Surely no good results from keepingup this foolsh distinction between the town and county of Nowcastle-upon-Tyne and the county of Northamn berland; and it is quite certain that a vast amount of Inconvenience is inflicted on the judges, the bar, the attorneys, jurymen, prosecutors, and witnesses by it. Neither is It necessaTr, in criminal eases at least, to keep up this foolish distinction, for, in point of law, these Newcastle town and county prisoners may be tried In the next adjoining county of Northumberland, just as the town and county prisoners of Kingston.upon.unartried atthenext adjoining county Iof York. But the Conserative prinol?'le in Newcastle i Istrong, and they will preserve their Guildhall trials at tho river aidle, and compel everybody to run up and down some
I{OYAL COLLBGEof SURGEONoSof EINGIA'ND. T" e ouncl having determined to APPOINT a SEOUND ASliSTANT Inp the Museum of the Colleize, at a talary of £180 per annlum, candidates tot the appointment are required to ttansmla a at,tmernt of their profeeslonal qualifications, addreised to the Smitefairy. on or before thLe 20th of January next. F'urther 18ortclare relating to the 553001tm00t may bo obtaIned Uopn applicatIonl at the college. EDMUND B3ELFOU%, Sco Doeember 21. 1857. AME~s HOPITA SOCEy-7A. C) UAIItZ3TERLYGENEdALCOURT of the Governors of this Corpora. tie ee b hed a thiroffioes, 06, King Wiilfam.stceet, city, on iFriday,81yJanary 188, t 1 for 2 oecleok Precisely. ieee 23.1037. ~KEIOSALL COOKI. gee. ETROI?OLITAN FEREE HOSPITAL, DevonLYXshlre-equare, Bishop'gate.-A 'VACANICY exists In the Hedical Staff for a PREYSIOlA.N. Cnxddidates most be Fellowa or LoseaSiates of the Royal College of Physicians, or eligible to become sech, aod are reeutuiet to send ia their diplomae, and teetimonlala before Wednesday, the) 30h Inst., unindr cojver to the Secretary. OEaARLrES NASEt. Secretary. Jj OSXTALfor W MEN,Soho.quar.-The folthe annual cost of ar-othe mm Obed:- Hon. Win. Ashley . £;0 5 0 per alnunu. Mrs.amesferd Tocusy 5 0 0 ~T.MARYs OSPITAL,-NojoI eeygvn th. 'at a li EilLCOAL BO fGvroswl ohl nthe Board-room ol the Elospita.o rdytnsdyo aur ns.t 4 o'cloock in the afternonospeiey.olcaMedlCunjteadfor the pri,pee of ef'ctin; th% o.Pt.lreotadH.'sug BIrd. Vice-Prsesidents, aud for the conflnmatIon of crouln fte ekiy Board. elected, under cbap. 1. law 6, the Re.BSollfrth otne0 his pulptte, Archinba.1 Campbell, Esq. lexeoutoof the laemi,sMr Maoleod) and Charles Ae. D. tialford, Esq lexeoltor o h aeRv Tisonea fialfurol, Honorary Life tiovernors of the Fleptl Dec. V2, 1857. ROBERT J. NEW A,E pl i-l; IMI)DLESEX HOSPITAL.-Cancer 19at,- biisbesn%.-The Saurgo's Report upont Canier Is now iinbllhel. Th 1,dneu 8optitri.ounde 1745, incorporated 181n conttAie 310 heel, 33 of whichb ace reserved for patienta afflicted with carrot, who amn allowedI to Tremain an unlmited time. The HosDital Is orre.ntiy in want oi funds, at d the Weekly Board of Governors earnestIV ee'tet%tAID. D.u ahoes or snbscrftionswillbe thankf aly receiv,,dby be,e treasurers, Winm ok,Eq1 Rumsell-equare, and J. Inigram Teavi,rs, Lea., Switbin'a-iaxe:" tbeIanhes Alleutrs. Coutis. Ofoscr, Terunuiend, Cud Sir ltamue; Scoatt andI (o. : the collector, Mr. 'W. H. Ct clef fu. 8, Canordrury-equare, lolro;adtesceay tthe ALEX SHEDER,setury. L YAL WESTMINSTER OPHTHALMWU HL, urPITAL, Obarlnr.crosr. founded In .1l6, fomMelleving the Foor affiletesi wunh Dezcres of the Eye.-The Committee, although beeltating to renew their appici1ation to these benefactors who have already sokindly contributed to the funda ot the Institutloni, do con- fietly hoe 4bc if a more general knowledge of the services anid th eflenof thin valuable Charity, and its dependent tetMO. could be diffused abroad, ample f unds might be drawn towards Its mainten-. anegnm hu aheit ne h bisfug of Providenice. still to ad- miiter Iareey to the relief anid comfort of the aflltd. heeae0 bedse for In-patieots the wards aee large and &iry, hot the want of mean,precudes the admnisien of half that naumber. Subncrintions rgrvoby blessre Cloutm and CA,. bankers Strand :by Maera. Drummenud. bankems Cliring-croma andl by thie Secretary at thie Hospital. ROYAL OFRT3OPAiDIO HOSPITAL. for-th1d Treatrment of Club-foot, Spinal and other Deformltfee, 316, Oxford-ttnect. (fate Sloomssbury.tquaro). Dependent entirely on voluxntary contributions, tbis HMSital Ia greatly in oeed of increwoed rupprt. Number of patients from the commencement, 21,000; tyerage numb 3r a' ually 1000;waiting for admIsson, 200. .6xtendec accommnodations have been provided, and addtitional wards public tor earn.Koa'n,f hatelirn £18 los. cows titutes a Life Governor; £8 It. a Goveornt for 10 years ;el le. annoally an Annual Governor. Contributions thankfully receeivd by Meaere. Martin and Co., Lomnbard-street; IHanbory and Co., Lomnbard-street ; at the Union Bank of London, Argyll-istace; by? the meombers of Committee ; and by the Secretary, at thu lIOnplt .l It KINSEY 1%t A. Chaplain and Non. See. BENJ. XASk8ZLL Secretary._____ NGLIS, SCOTTISH, and AUSTRa-LIAN' E24GHLAItTEItED BANK. CaplWtalpad up £ 000.-LETiTBRw of OREDIT os the branchas art GRANTED on the moert favourable ems. ~~~~~By order ofth Cout I', COrDmbl MO.. WERY MI1ULIU3 Sec"rets IAT ESTEN BANK o LONDON,21, lHanovorYY rnar.-L't'EHEof CEDI, vlue£10andupwards, are IS ED,fre o chrge paabe a al th p Incplcte and townt The present rate 1*8 per ceot TER . (L&MK General Manager AN s\ of LONDON, Thlreadlleedleastreet, semi 5) Ct)o, West Straust-Currnt seooonta are received, and interast sllowed on the mninimaum monthly balances. Depoit accountg are opened, with three day,' niotice of withdrawal, and Interest allowed at the mtae of It peer cent, below the Bank of England minimesm rate for discounts, ribingr and falling thesewith. but not to exceed.+£3 per cant. Der annium. Depositors are requested to take notice, that fromi this day the meeximuoa rate on all deposits In Seduced to £6 per een-. per aninum. Clcurei Notes and Letters of CredIt are isaaed fre o' cost, payable In all tbe principal clties)and towns oni the continets, in the colonies, and foreign porto. By order of the Beard. MATTHEW MSARSHALL, Jun., Manager. Thresdnaedle-treet, Dec. 23. 1887. UGRA and UNITED SERVICE1 BANIK, z7, A CaBuon-seret, City ectabiliched In India, July, IM3,~ Incorporated Jueu, 1857. Paid-uip capItal £1,8200,00. Reserved fund £149,280. Branches at Calcutta, Bombay, Madraa, Agra, Lahsore. and Hongkoag. DIRECTORS. ROBERT GTUTERIE MACGREGOR. Leo., ChaIrm-n Colonel HENRY BARKLEY HENDEtRSON, Deputy-Uhiarirn,n George Hal, Donaldson, Efsq. Oharies Grennile fanel, Leg, ideut.-Col. Hears Doveton. John Carsington Palmer. Esq. Mr. Aldermnan Finnls. Alexander Rkningto" Leo. Col. james Holland. Maljor-Gao. Duncan Sum;. Lieut -Col.Jimnes Horoburghb Mac- Jawge Sydney Stopford, Req. donald. Jaense Thomson, Req. George Gordon Mt.enherson, Req. General Meanager -Fraucis RtoberteloUson, Eo Auadltors-Wulliam Newmnarob, Esq.. and John Hil Wilims, Esq. SolAictors- Mdersam looy and Bridges. 19, Kln&eb Arms-yard. Extraot of Deed of Seottlemnent. Clause 90. "'No advanc,, shall ho made or credit aiven to any Director or an7 officer of the Campanmy. unlens the somne be secuoted upon the pubtLc or parliamentary fonda or eecnriiles of Great Britain or Ireland. or of the East India Company." N OTICE is herey iven, thatts TA25'~j IN BOOKS of the R& C8FGA.S-LIGHT COMPANY will be CLOSED oni the 24th iusnt and reopened on the let day of January next. J'OHN GILL. Secretary. Ratcllff Gas Works, Doec. 287 q? VICTORIA (LONDON) DOCK COAIPAA, 3 aH.re prepared to GRANT lonLg LEASES of LANDS adjoining the Docka and Canal toprties reQuiring epacefor manufactarinjgand other upes The landsare acceaibloe iy rati, river, and road.. 23, oodlan. B.C. WILLIAMI SMITH, Barrels--v TUEPAiT,INT NAIL and SPK COMPAS x, T Hin mnat,±rs of the crown wrought nail and spikes, whlcb, are about 25 per cent, cheapeir than hand made. Orders of from I, to 1C tons wfl ibe at ouce executed direct from thie works, in, tIrea varylog from It Inchiez to 0 inches. Priec lists and san-pie cards a ts he obtaied on applIcatIon by letter to the Company's Woskas at Dounstan, near Gatechean-oni-Tyne. ITALIAiN MAttIdLE COMPANY.--Notico ts JF bcreby giver, that the GENERAL MEETING of the shbaoeholdrs of this Company, previously announewd for this dey, consequn nteinsiifilcisnt numbber of Shareholders present, baa bean =eerlher ADJO if IED. to tAke place at these offices, on the 20th of January nest. I81, at It o'clock a.m. The Mseeting thus further ad' joorned i tal accordance wIthi Article 8301f tIe Statutes ot the Comnpainy amenided by the Tuscan Government, and will be final and bind. ingreagardlees of thle number oft Shareholders pre-nt thereat. RODOLPH WtEILLELE, Gdrat. iNo. 0, via 3onr i, Leghorn), December 1 d. 1857. 1bOYAL SURRET7GRDES CMPAY JR9. (Limlted).-At a MEETING ot Shareholders, Convened for the urpone of recrlin ag 3 report on the propoal so be made to the oredi. in, itwas reeolved onaulmouslyr,- That this Hdeeling, haviing heard with deep regret of the decet3e 0' Jamaes Coppccoc, E-.,q a Director of, and the princiepal Shasehaid-ir la this Comcpany, desire to ebprecs thelr sympathy with his famIny anid friends en that unexpected aced painful event., The Shareholders takte this opportunity ot ntatlng pe-bliely, that having careulnly inyc4tigateet the amcounts thley feel eatisiled that whatever errors of judgment ma,y have occurred in the manacemeut of the affairs or the Company, thie decease gentleman and the other Directort are fully absolved froma any peronal misaPpropctation of Its funds, %nd that thair conduct and character stand free from chiarwe or Im utation. And that this resolestlon be inzcta In The Times, Morning Post, a(DayNw.(Slgrqd) PHOS. KNOX HOLMES, Chairmani. Royal Rucrrey 11srdenit, Den. 23. 1857. ENEAL ANDDRAINAGE and PROVBMFNT COMPN 010 ofiear, 82. Plarllinment-stroet, IXBNI?Y KLRBEYMR,eFq., M.I.t., Chairman. 1. T his Company Is incorporatea by Act of Parliament to facIlitate thedrainiage of land, the makinig of road$, the erection of farm buiel4ings an oter enpovrmntson ll oeciebonao Property whether 3. he ork ney h deiged nd xectedby helandowner or hit oget-s Inepedenly f he ompny' ollces,or he may elect whethehesriieinpoytheishai~ Equafaciliesffbe affordedIn 4. The whiole cost of the workis and expenses may, in all nines, be charg_d n tbsaIstirs limjroveaiL to berepaid by half-yearly instaments. 5.ThXo term of auth c-harge may be fixed by the Lnodo%vnff. and extended to 80 years for land Improvemneute and 3t years for farma buldtugs, whereby thLe instalmnente well be kept within sochi a fair percentage as the ucCUnfersM of the improved landis c,sn afford to py WILLIAMI CLrFORD, Sr. I ANS on DBNTURE MORT TAE.The .14Directmorsfe the Enetem trnlon Ralweay are prepared to roiselr, L)AN6 to mneet deboeturesi fakllng due. Interest paid hnlf-yearly in Londona or ljeewlch. I'ropooals to be sent to the Secretary. B3y urder ot the Board, EDHUTND AYRES, Sec. Secretary's oflve, Ipawich. receIve T DL frLAFonDEBENTURES. lsur,nof nio; leeso than £211, feet periods of three, five, or coven, years to replace debentures raIling: due. Tenders, to beaeddreezed to me, the undersigned, W. T. ADCOCK, Secoetary. company'seoffices, Worcester, October 20. 1857. ~SL1OURE DCK nd AILWAY Cox~r- PAN.-AFINL ETUN o CPITL o 3~ I. pr s2r ~JEW O~EANS JCKSON, nud GRtv'iT ANNORT5ERrf RILROAD IRST M TAGE13CON-jTitWC( tI'(il EtteDc. es tecI g berin I er ent Interest.- rhe liALF- aboe Bends , rsdeig lied n .sd y.wllh PAtDa: te,ount-, Mae booml0111 antu Tetepis iha iti uerntOdr mut berlaeft two nrrdi o xmato.Pidfrsmyb hriadto apileatuo astaase perndnnlara.10117 acne oor,bde wghpet)sury him a ontanea fTE of one g inea, ofany m ctPaliament. townu stokre,ithbovesris, haghway boards,Governmenta~ offces puliccumanle, oliitos, gens,eurE'yorcan private qdito vidml. Rfe issuestraufcu awekysnopsis be SrOerLDg on moeallpli andm, privbe bilsen both . Homes aougnd forward It Qto l eretet STBA~IA ENGINES ofor-os oe, n130PT cyiner, 10 ncgsroe, witdPith boilers n oaein comple.Bpelradshte, uits seeor.ey emialent, manufctre, and tOe bnerSOlD onmoerte otgteirms. ato be rown atros''g, C.igh.prYoung DrandeCo.'ser1, Greth feire estde an Westmin stler, iro.cWm. y ___.__ co plte _t_w rk(wthe_____ it onfiing, to i E nGINEud of il ayb fourose O er, sodartf, mane by serien a T Orsawterne all thcer.etaterBa parst-oroughdion ciort a'new, strong, hi24h-pressure 1rtabl toiler, wioth1 fire hinsid ens rexaoinfit cdirlonhme, with cinompet, dtob wdork, &wl.; esuinamye wth cow-shed or gra-eary, for wh ich purposo It has been used. Addriss toj FPO be SOLD for £10, coat 16 Ruineas, a beautiful it coromandel wood brass bortud LADV'e; SILVER-MOUNTED DRESsiNqG C&Sti, withi ttinogs co.opiate, engraved n, D).; sl-oe a Gentleman's Mahoganoy Dreerfng C`ase- heaes bocend, with silver fillinze. Prc ierlta,otl,Tobeenwoat PoweIPs,jswelier, &c., 210, Oxford-itreet, near the Marble Arab, pubckaaer and s.luez of di,,seeoda. plate, and. isweei. OUTH-EASTERlA RAILWAY..IHASTINGS bud ST. LECONARIOIY tnTWO HOURS, bth ! tnbddg,.welj a, oe debtais of aerTio of krilns We ie ta leI tickts,2k.00, 1130 jod Is Wan. -turnes t10k and, Avilbe .; thel B LTm.D, frm tdando DV3P day only, liOv,eb andT bldgOwels byth trai levin Looonat .10a.m, rturninabg by the l%zt train, the saeb Free6-Dover end 2olkeetons, 20.. and l5e. : all other stations, I165. and l0s. Return tickele to Hastings by the 1.10 p.m. train on Sa3turday age available for retunm by the last up train or, Sunday eventing: and also by trains leavlng Haatings at 7 n.m. on Monday, without paymuent of extra fare. Fare there and baclc-Jirst-crlats, Ifs. aeond elves, 1Ot. ~OTt-ASTNRN RAILWAY.-Reduoed -gates KJ fr Vn Pasel byPassenger Tralns,-On and after the lst of Janar, 118a ew arffonaconelderably REDUOP51 Sa&Lg will com ItoOpraio fr heONVEYANOR of VAN PARCELS by PASSENGR TRAINS.For particulars apply aet the Londonboide satio. Tere-Will le be a resliron of the rates for esmall parelsb, ood trinson and after the samne datte. For part'eu- . de.goda suporlutendentt, Brolrkayero'Arms; 0.W. EBORs.LL, Genernlhanager. L.ondon,bridge Tenlu.Dc15. 1857. 1, 'OUllRa.EASTBiI.8 RAIIW y.A HE P EX. V,YOURSIONT TRAIN. on Christmas Dlay, will leave Londou.brzldge Station. at 7.30 a.m., for Dover, Folkeatone, Ashford. Hythe. Itemsgate, Miargate, Rye, Canterbur De.]. gaudwisis. Etniter. Starryv, eliltHtig St. Leonasdr,Tonbrldge-wellsTnnbridge, Battle and Etchlnrnamn. Fas'es there and book-Covered carriagee, 5s,; second clasw, 7s. : firnt class, 10s. Children under 11. half fares. TicKets arailable for lhe day only. C. W. ESORALL, General Manager. Londona'ferinibua, Dec., 1857, "OUTHE-EASTERN RAILWAY.-Chrjtmas ~Par- ksoea.-Five Delicerlee per Dlay from London-bridge and Beading Smtatouse -PARCELS between ResAla, anda London are CON VEYBO by tbe South Easter. Railway Company at the following greAtly rs. duted rates :-Parsels notexcee-ding4lb, 4d. do.7 lb.. 6d. ; do. 14 lo. 3d. ; 21 lb., 10d..; for every additional 7jib. up to 112 lb., 1d, For o4rcela above 112 lb see printed hitll at the ttatlone. There rates include booking end delivery In London within 2t miles of Bomerret-houose. In addltion 10 the slation at London bridge parcels are secelved. at the Company's oficies, 147. Cbheepeide; 40, Regent-circus; and the various reneiving; hooses, At Reading. at the South.Eastern Railway Station, where every in'formation may be obtained ot Mc. Hazle, Station Master. To ensure a speedy delivery all pareele should be addressed, " to be forwarded by lSoulh.Eatern Railway " Lonon ermnus De.. 0. W. BEORALTL, Genersl Manager. Londo Terinus Dm.1857. G OOS fr te CONTINENT. The -SOUT-H. EASERNRAIWAYCOltIiANYaere ow poae ovus threshraes po a edredscle orthe CONVEYANCE, fof &IetR OHANDBE, rom ondonto Pris.For particular ap?ply to air. B.B.Nodn. ood suprInendnt,Bricklayers' Armsi Sttion, Old Cl REAT ESTERN AILWAY.The D~ireotors Paddington SCtAS. A.tSANDERS, Secretary. (1REAT WESTERN RAILWAY.- Ch_risttmas GE[Holydays.-RETURNT TICKETSi. Issued oni Thoroday, thxe 24th December and intermediate days, will be available uintil Tuesday, the 10th, ininelusve, on the Bristol and Exeter and Sooth Devon LMass. Return tickets sce not availaible on Sundays. On Chritinar-day the trains wilU runmiaeon Sundayo, vith, the addition of the day maU i tris between P Oddngton and BristoL ('1 E&T ESTEN RALWAY.-Cxia G ' Holydays-'EXBOU'REION, at low tame, to OFR,Bnig ha,Wulvesia,osptou, Sbrewebuary.Chester. Breha,adLvrol -On Saturday December 28, alTrain Willln eladuta t n resurnlng onWe&daeadaF, thze 30thz Decmbe,fm r iepo tsi a.m., and intermedlato stations as per hnbl.Frs hr n backx, Orford, 6s. 0d. andis e; Banboz,O s enlgo n Warwick, IONe S. sad 6Os,; Birminglagh ,an,l,ads;Wetrnch Wednesbur and BlIston, lie. 60.. and 7s, 65. ovrapo,le and 8i. ;Wehtngtona and Shrewsbury. l7ie, anIO. hse,ls 4 and lIe. ; Birktenhead and Liverpool, 21s.an 12. i,Wrhgpr ticurs on apploatton at the Company'sd oiffices QOUTHI -WESTERN RAILWWAY. --Christmaa t,2 IBoldays,-The TRAIN en Chriatina-daY wil mithesmantea on Sundass, with the addition of laet trains, whirls wil leave Lonxdonx at 1045s, for alstationa between London and Hampton Court, and at: ni tLghtfroinLondton for alltatfoneon the Rihmond,Windsor, Watherand-briday, 6thtof Lodecebe, willmberaalal f7 ordte reur ISoUrEy on ither ofthe dnays and untilthrvening o nday,,wUb avalathfo the chapu jornetaytcesIse on Sa a tDatdicurday,gthe land Sunda, by7sh wiall bexavalabl toe exretssn upt Mondayinlsie asul BW aatebo~de, Station, IM non7 Dcebe, 83B. ByVW Orer. DOAIThN COLURTIET RA EWAY.DCRZjL-a L olwdAYs.-br8iPtUma HTyiCE-ETS,fRst andBT seondcass, IfSro onm t 2th iEnst and in TerveonIn days,Jn wfibe availablefo therotrn T ourneay one s4y dato toanday nluin the 28 istat Int., bye an tran cept the deyxpUrima.tBe sreao JnyE Byorder, Irellaophgatre, et. St857o. .7. B2OWEN85e7. J4 WAY.dhrlotias on Sudays.-RI. TIaESnd n from GAVESED and OOTOand on ths,ln ilb vial fromThurday,the 4th,to7Mndayath 8ThintNB.Teras on Christmas-day will runkthe sameeasaontSun2ays, TONDON BRIGHTON5 and S~oreurn bCOanytrfao .LA AILWV.-Cxstupe.andTh Tncluing Monday, the lines chared.An xtr trin,let 0, ad 3 clss.atodnar elaree trill entirely suveunded.w, nt eten t Chritma Wee.-Al orinay rturnticeis ssudao the c0hea Lot, ndon,h o Desscember wtaill. becaemlber to 1eur8 bny7rino thesame Ic onr any dxzaylupzt aeendinclding MEsondy Sthe 85tha. fieldersi be orsudinay fret-casticklets riniingtby Sanio expes 9 .Trai must paythe adiffeurenceyo fare. Thi arrangembentril notexed arg,ato the. Cr6d. 3andlw Epso line, norlabeor returnmtickets,Istudiat the chea d'.1W iOtblyDaycember. B n RIAR A T SUExD iron theGt satinwhr theysm aeawlI maykusuallyr,be obained on Thrsad tay, Decebdsertr 2i0,e t and IneveIgdas il b available for return Iby tegpea and ordinafrym tranSrsetaively on any dayh upth to and inro0 g usdy December.2.O hItasDytetan Lontonn OS't-t. DcrsbSatio. Decembery18.r0057 TON DON and NORTH-WESTERN RAILWA&Y.- HudrSl -otand faorermhentor-WayRIO Maei.TIheT firecons otdoh tono STOndNort,h-nWestern Stalewybrde Gopnresnireps,and t zufdev - fiElDEwRlSb isuer b theSPLYo trainl ereavn otioneSato MATB n1m. To day,20th an Satray, the 2th n Decmbe. oCtse carrags uat lie.00.:am frtrises, lat le. Aviabe ak etr beystetan vn lipdereflldatioe wilth a.rtn,and wayndon-obad ineatonManplhester,n t1 t.m.wonoShturda, 28t h, ornday,e2th, TOffceda,Rai0lw.and Wedneoe. StxfondrTondtcets atdthe sam tte faes will, inlik masnero, tobe isedeby SEustan tater Dfcember. 1887. By order TIANLOON NdandNORTH.WWSTTIRNRAILW,.y "'-Centurant for Wermnent-Wa DeMat.u er ball.-Th Liveerp otltor Londo sod ovlway tWes2la.mn ailwaynCompany arehrewpsbu d toreelygt~ o tENDrS ord the Sa PYo h ndelrmeovehutntloneazd 1MATEBrIminga 8.00 Tons 1of; Coveairy orL IAg n 100Tes.o Bdolekts and buRse l,On Tensa of Fihe Plmate's bm 0.ch b Oakn Kleys anofH ryR 170 Toss, 01, CrspIkeafcaibrjs 12 0opas tesrena ity. Bia cnasp eib ation,wth pMrtierAwso, may bleobtainedmond-stpiNuatlon to Mr.Woohoue,t HePrmanen-a Offie,W ai.lwayStaton, Staford.aTendTer Dlresdtorte Srecpretay,a thi rOfe5tor hEN rent inon Or beolrore Wedesda Jn.e py6 bl 1881.A nctjn to be ddre By orthuder, gi&ed. EDWYL STEWARTN, Soc Secetry-s aOffhice. EtDoo 18aton1 De.I7 117 7IA LANDO: RAILAndoW NOT-WriTeR-NturAI- The D.- torista Hofh lydland,-MAIwcyU areA pre .Je5Jorew TEN,DfRSom the N Iutn-euc Stastion,o Satdupwrday,Dc 2oth awwty10.2 debentseures, for eridseeomy Dec. t0, asn perbI.t-TecLiverpool orlt or Stfford lOs andl By; orderhipo, G.. an lRB.; Bicrmtingha Is. sand 1s.; oven Dtrybr.Leam.ngto 1Os.anli0.TIktadbls Ii¶ASTLANCAHIREWAI UOWAYY,-Lo ans J2JMortrge,-The Directors aeppare destronreceive TgNDERS Tedro obe addressed to the undesignd. y, atYLFrompny'soffn Bu ry,eant abors,r Dec. 18.1287.er S.% deetre,frpeid fontretom too yers. ngtor payable halfe D orderB ode, . N . BRW. NR, Secet,ry MEW ROUTE to MANCHESR&TER,for ther-af ofYRATES. DAY,pSrticularstapsis tohr lredSethaom.onical Offices, Bl end Moranuth,St.Mreti Lndo.e-Qand.W, .n and Thompso7 II)ORTS1IS CETHRALWRAILOPNY-in ion'sDleostrc.h ietors ofteIrlet are R desrous tof sUceingRTE- Iopned or thaShf in theenug sopring.o o ntefolwn Dec. 1815.Byodrs: .1071,Sc Tbeamoontreqire, n Oderto rovde orthe unfunded debt of Intothe Compny, odill bbIato en reyuirements uPar toithe aleto Twyen50 sthree r ceilnt ole thuded th ofsarcd dolr lS2. ,s, Thebodsnthe Copa ny for this0t aoun wpill.b Isse n uso o Tohosnd dollrs ce.oath,pybe in ten years, dae1= 'rray 0h 185 Teolginty eroest.at the ae 20of sevent pe en,pe nnm paale si Isemi-anully,o etheprrincia andor itetresteto be pavid In ifho Te sobtocs ptpire tow ysae the lonwllbCoyable at par,e atIth druia. saeativscomntdprcn. Ton dithei2utio of thebruary 1858. tn ro rontw enty susrptriont, ont the eceth onoffMarh, 1858. pton o Twesfexitnty opecnt,iona tihe8th. wof Apil. 18e8.pefrecea te teno percembrnet.,o ath 2the officy, 1fth8 oma58.t e Yok rtohlsly o percent.ronethe at0the of o Auut. e158. ar Easo lis Cmoss Ibl tondeterminedef theirotoa resetive aes on which wthe pti onsexirhomaysrsteCmpany awillehave atubIts dissharesath bots comandI. thes dustributiandoh bends willa bertInpro. wtlo to 00izd, soubsrpin, wit the excetptionbab fof 2bs sbaeptos ofth EOaDtl eSt off iting Omptiona wbright.wh will haexpthe prefrene 20 as subcribers to Ibis loancervied atheir wlubscredIpins ret madepriorxt thenth of frydecembper next o at threaofwceno the Company,a righNes thrk, or to the 21.ofrD,seinbrnx,aLh 5c fMtr.Rbr Benson endC., In London,th arndeoo their optional rigthtats depoee withwU theCorspaed tlo he limeatof oubecsinkig. fn,wihaalb Forleache bhond of l0 this suv3d onno ibscribed.adpi oracriiadIta willefbe isumed, neeurargthn oright to payrothe fort28 shaest of the Campialy Stuc ofE thestc Company, whicrihteil dexpireiOn thes borth day Eac bed wll e ecevedat arwith accarued Interesttotheholextetof ferr bodolarstaperngshae, tonl ght Ihares. wihe the Opioalmrght thus Ioned aron covethe imnr.ec igouosdeI etm eaU motseyre,ive n .thrvecoverion sofstheeoptional rights into b0end rcevd In paym ent for l evb canpelled. Shuldther whUailey ofcthis prpoed loan andotermtsrofed apiatind itr therefotxere beomes inecsary ine order tofpa the floatrignedeb fh CopnoaROssRTh BtaNkSON make up th odefiit theegends wilth of he end rtaiingth nOionl ighs isud wth haname.nin Any obliratloos ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ tat of the Cmay xetn opn u nSpe her and foetober, ~ 1859, wil cen JRESBAM LIFE OFFION, 37, Old Jewry. EQU I eimI CED 0 % FFI , unofl.gtreet. AhAlsed24 - - SCOTTISE UNION INSURAC COMPANY s_ (Ifire and. Life), 57, oii,1n insurances on the inoet liberek Iterms Sat cOndItlouL 37, orbal. 3'. 0. S&UTBH SOct8retro London Bosed. NTATIONAJ. ALLIANCA ASSURANCE COM,I. J~¶ PAN, chIe offcoes, 35. Old Jewey London.-The OFFL0214 of thIs CoXupany wilt be OLsSI on 8atura, Deonember 2618 IH. By order, THOMfAS A. POTr, Mansger. rPIMES FIRE ASSURANCE COliPANY, 32 I Ludate.hll Lndon oticei h reb given, that an Dl?. TRAO5tl)iNAIth GENIIIiAX, MRe~ING of the Shaeholders of the Tune ffre ssuanc Comanywil behel atthe Office3 of the Comn. VDY , 3 2, LasdgWate.hli London, on Thusday, the B31 t day of Deoember, lextant, at 12 o'clock precisely, for the purpose oft ooadrmJng themo.r luotio passed st an }:xtreordlnsy t3eneral 3Meeting oftieae Share. holders of the raid Company, held on the 1Cth dspz of December Inst. Deeemuer 23.1857. WM CANWELL ieoetery. N,(yCWICHl UNZION LIFS EsiJTUR&NaE SO A.' CIETY. Inatutted I308. Inveated Q8Apit&I exweding .=00,0%t Thfs Society is one of tire yes few purly Maunal Ingurance oflSoeg the whole of the profits being dlvided am10o1n2 the pollcyholdem The rates axe sonsiderably belowr thoe usually charged. Thus at the ageof40theru o jil Th. 21 hih rt heOrdinary premium wil Anrnuities and special rieke rendertakon on fevoerrable icrsss 6, Oroecent, New le5ii , lac,UlaRA OT.o and Surey-stss e, I DdP:ERIA1L LIFE INSURJEANCE OFFWE,1 I LonionDecembr 23. 1857.-l0otioe is hereby given, that the HIRY flfYNraANNUAL GENELtALUOJUPT of Proprisrors ol the Ircr,erlsl LIfe lusranee Company will be held at their o °One N. I, "ld tr rad-streo. on Monday, the 4th of January next, at ha2l,st 1 o'lcc prcisly,to elect four Directors and one &uditor, irn the tonerepofthese who go out of office by rotstion. anLalabo to receive tir reor oftueAnlrtrato the 31st of Ocwbher last. Byorrler oftheDIlreciors, S&MIELINGkLL, Anonay. N..Proprietors POSejeeed in %beb` own right Of five Zhams orats wards in the Company's capital, and who shall hare beld the same for six months, Are jutaide0e to attend and vote at all General Courts. NEW 8QUITABLE: LIFE ASSURANCE CorRl RgYas, 49, Strand, Charing-croes, w.C. TRUSTEES. Juames Copland, M D ' 1.S. C fir Charles Eastintgs, XD.jD.C.L G. H. Barlow, M.Dj., 6~3h~ajrs IRchr Peetridge, Fct., F.B.S. Sir Jas. Duke, Dart., Aid, 33.?. | JBohn Ptrori'est lRe.L The rabove company having secently been mioned by the MIedical anJd Legal Society, possses an Income ot £g30.000 fA year, and afford a. the cecuslay of the old efiner, combinedI with the lIberalIty of the no a. Applsications for proposal and other form3 to be saddrssedto Dee 185T. FEDERIC BIGG, Actuary Fand Semeotry. STR" LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, 48, Moor. gate-treet, London. DIROTIORS. CQab. an-Chs HMawood, REq., P.SA., Judge of the Oounty Oourt ot Rent. and Recorder of Shrewsbury. DOpnty-Chliznan-John Josiah Buttres. Esq. Edward Ball. 7M.. 'wluamnl Mery. Ssq. Adam Bealey, MA., M.D. WIlalsn .L Sinr, _q. WitUam Betts, Req. Joseph Thokray, Etsq. John Clnrchill, Esq. WWiiam Trees, Req. Walter Orisitb, EReq. George P. UrsIlg, raq. Thomas Holmes5 lQ. John Vanuer. Esq. Daniel S. Leather, Esq. J. Mi. Ware, REq. John Lidgett, EReq. The Btar ILfe Agranee Society Wa founded In the year 1843, Annual Income r., .. £70,000 Reserved tend. . 250,000 JE2SE RfOBSON, Sec. T AW FIRE INSURACE SOCIETY.-Offiee, L and6, Chaneery-lane, London. Subscribed capital, £ O.?00O. TRUrSXiRS. The Right Hon. tbe Barl of Devon. The Right Eon, the Lord Chief Baron. The Right Eon, the Lord Justice sir J. h, RnightBruca. The llight Ho. the lord Justice Sir 0. J. Turner. The ight lion. Sir John Dodson, Dean of the Arches. &e. tilliam Baker 1:sq., late Master in ohanney. Richard Richards, Req., Meeter In Chancerv. Iauraucee exPiring at Curletmas should be renewed within 15 laye thereafter at the offlcee of the SBocety, or with any of its agents throoghoslt the country. This Society holds Itself respeDonble Under Ite fre poUcy for any damage done by explcelon od gee E. BLARE BPAI. Seoretary. R G1J8 LIFE ASSUJRANE CO3iPAY, 39, Deputy Chatrran-W II i Faq. Accudmulatd Pond.£:450,000. Innome, £5,00)0 per armum. Sub- kSremmm to Assure £10O. Whole Term. Age. I One Year. Seven Years. With PofitgI. Without Profdt _ ; - _ _ __ se.d. a. d. Ssd. F s. 20 017 7 09 9 1b10 1 a 10 B0 113 1 29 955 a0I 0 1 6 0 1 6 9 a 0 * 91410 63 1141 1 19 10 46n 4011 11 324 a17 0 6 19 6 01 ADVANTAGES of ASSURING with thisO COMPANy. Advances on policies when theirvalue exceeds £50. Hall or one-third credit allowed on whole life policies Residence in time of peace in any part of Europe. Claims paid one month after proof of death bha been admIitoL Medical attendasts rermunerated for their reports. The medical offLcers attend every dsy te a uarter before 2 o elook. B. BATIES Reident Dbrector. The Snn of stan Is comec to secek and to save that which wvas lost.,' THE LONDON DIOCESAN PENITENTIARY. T Visitor-The Right Hcu, and Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of ZONDON. TRU8TESS. Sik William Page Wood. VioelhanoeUor. The Chisholm I J. T. Horne. ERq. I J. D. PowleoJ E:q. Treasurer-R. Twining, jun., 7Eq IIOIL Clericlo Secret3ry-Rev. Qeorge Nve, ALA, Bon. Lay SeCetary-J. Furneaux. sq. Warden of St. Mdary Magdalene Penitentlary-The Rev. John Oliver, A SPECIAL AIPPE&IT Is made this Chrittmas In behalf ot the perishing victimsa of prostitution in the lnetropolls-many, truly euniteun, are pTessing to enter the St. Mary Magdalene Penitentlary, ligbghate and there Is room for double the present number of Inmate& Shell the door be thut agalnst themr for want of Ohristian alms? AS donations ani aunual subacriptloun to the account of the London DIocean Penitentiary Will be thanklfuly recelved by the Treseemr, P. Twtning, j3n., Ceq.. 216, Strand: by the Rev. G. Nugfe, 13, Lowodes-street. Selgr9mvequareo by the Warden, the Warden's House. Igbghgate: by J. Furneaux, Eq., Hon. Lay SeeLary; and by MHr. L oo, the ollector, at the offlce, Carlton-ctamber, 8, Regentistreet, Waterloo-place. Bankers-Messrs. Twning, 216, Strand, M P aAtA FIRE OFFICE, 1, Old Broad-strooz, and 16 and 17, Pall-malL DIRECTORS. JAMES BRAIND, Req, Casmman. RICHARD TWINING, Esq., Deputy Chairman. Thomas Gerge Barclay, REq. SamuelHyde eq Robtrt Cooper Lee Bovern, Eq. Sir John KIrklnd Atuguste Henry lineanquet, Req. WiUllam Lyal. te q. Charise Cave. Esq. Claud NeLson e Rdwerd Elenry Chapman, Esq. James Gordou Murdob, lhq George Henry Ontler, REq. John Horeley Palmer Eq. osry Davidson, RE q. Sir Charles Rugge Price Dart. George Field, Esq. John Scott Eq and George Iibbest, Egq. Newman Smith eq. EX-DIR ECTORs, JarnesChriatann ClementBell,Rsq. WillIam R. Robinson, sQ., and Dncun anbar, BEq. Martin Tucrer Smith, PEq., bLP. Daniel Mildred, REq. AUDITORS. IEaa Carr, F-q. James Maoolmwon, REq., and George WVilliama Cottam, eq. I Frederik Pattiseo, Eaq. Ex-Auditor.-Tnomas Newman Hunt, Rsq. NotIce Is hereby given. that lnsurances which expWire at Christmas, sbould be renewed within 15 days theretrom, or they bocome vold, and tbat receipts for such renewals are now ready for delivery, at the offices In London. and with the respective agente for the Company throughout the United Kbngdom. C. J. PROUT AcoDuntant. A TLAS FIRE and LIFE ASSURANCE OFFICE, A92, Cheapeide, London: ectabLisheod 10S, and empowered by Act of Parliament of the 04th Geo. If r., cap. 79. DIREC RS. Chairmnan-J. OI,VER IirJSON. REa. DeDucY-tjhairman-WX. GEO. PREDCOTT. Eq. Sir William Baynes Bart. John cIeorge Mlaclean. eq. Arthur Ewavard CampbellReq. Samuel EnEutace Maan. Esq. Trhomas Chapman, Re6q., >:B'R.S I Cap. Alexm . Montgomery, . Benjamin Buck Greene, Req. Joeepa Pulley, Rsq. 06eph roteq. RRq Arthtr Augustus Rach, Req. JuQ1cr5-0 hn Oliver Hanson, jun., E.,. and Phtldp Alie WValker. Rzq. Actuarsy-Chares Ansell, Esq., F.P_S. Solicitor-Thomas Browninv, eQ. I,IFE DEPABTIAISS. 'The &ccmnulated Lremum are over;C;l600.000 and the anmual income exceeds £184000. Bonuses nave neen declared on Polcles to an amount greater than the sum oriainally asessed. Premdumi have been extinguished -vhere the partier assured have aPplied the bonus In reductlon of the -.mual premium, t the last valuation up to Christmas. 154, tnere existed a uroplus of £263,651. vhich had accrued during the five yeare endingr at that period- the vvhole of wvhich eurplue belonged to the policy holders. The next vatuatron wrlI be nade uP to Christmas, I5S9. l olicle3 on te reasticipating scale. in EnBladorfreland respmectively, wvhich may be effected before that datevwill, if thwe pasties be then alirs, artier. patein the iusplus in proportion to the timne they mtay have been in force. ~ ~ ~ h tei The Sum of £3.130,975 has been paid during the existence of the ofitce for clains under Life Policies, of whioh amount a very consider. able part was for bonuses. Persons assing in Great Britain have the option of participating mices of premium, or of non-participating rates. The Derectore ceg to announce that the estee of premium have been recently revised and teadisated in accordance rwith a long experience. and that the nevv scale wrill be folid very advantageous to persons do, siring to commence assuring early in life. The non-participating scare is partimiarly adaptect to parties wishing to assure a xed sum only, eas axed rate or premium, and oa low Premiums may be paid a-nnually, half-yearly, or by a limited number of annual pasurents. The hast-named mods of assurance originted with this oJEce iR sl16. PIXE D)PARTINIENT. Renewale doe nt Chrlst ms should be paid within 15 days thereafter. The Company undertakes the assurance of property in the manufSn turing. agricultural, and other districts. on favourable terms. isks of extraordinary hazard on special agreement upon survey. An allowance for the loss of rent of bundigs rendered untenantable by fire Is one of the advantages offered by the Company. Tablea of rates, forms of proposal and any information needful to effect life or fire assurances, may be obtained ou aplecation to the Office, No. 92. CnpePside, London. or to any of the Company's agents. L ndoo. Dec. 1857. HIRNRY DEiBOROTjGi. Secretary. TITESTERN LIFE ASSURANCE SO7IEY, 3 T Parliament-street, London: instituted A.D. 14. DIIZECORS. Henry DdgeworthBlcknelL Req., 25, UIPer Bedordplace Rel! James Chadweickn Esq., GrosvenonrThadr MlIlI bank Thomas Somers Cokts junm. q.. Ch-ring-osX ites-temorew E3q3% ibua-chamr30nbSa W. B. 8.Vesey.'iitz&r a l REq., 5-P.. lausttiess-, Porland.plaos WIllam Freeman, Esq, Milllbank-stzees; Westmionster Francis Fuller, Esq. Abtadon-street, W e.'5e'ter J0osph Henry Gosdhnt, £q., 9fnnos-.house. upper roing, r1rrcy ThomaeGrlmseL Esq%, I7orbury-park, Dorking, Surrey EBlmnud Lucas, Esq., Milibank-etreet, Westmustes Froderiok Boyd Marson, REq. ,rruswick-place, RegenteVpak Augustl i Rioiumn, Req., 67 EAton-square, Pimlco Jaesec Lys Searer, REq, lBlfibank-row. WVestmnster John Barley White, Req., Blantheath, Kent Joseph Carter WOod, Req., VctOrla-strCet, WFegtmi o Wetr Bankers- Messrs. Cocks, Bidduiph. aned Co., Charlng- croK solicltoe-Iere. Lothbrrdge andfiS zkrell, Abingdon-stset, West- Actuesy-A rthra Scratobsey. H-sq, ld. F.R.A.F5. I I; E resariety of policies granted on any number ot hlves, anS to 2. A speoial dep3rtment has beenopened for the assumrnce ot invalid lives a qial -ls 3. On wholeDLe poles ore-half the Premiums may remaia on credit until death, trosled. interest be paid thereon yearly in advance. 4. Bonuses may be rew-ived in cash, or by way of diminution of premLium, or by addltion to the amount asensed. 5. Assignments regletered, or (If preterredi a newpolicy will be faseS In tbe name of the credito, In exchange for the old cue. thus remosing any poEeible doub: as to the validity of the asalRnment. When the debs Is paid off the old policy will be revived In favoar of the origbial accuser. 6. Creditore can advantageouely assure tee lives of their debtors, by areow table. 7. ArEsazuces are granted by whlch, at the end of 7 or 14 years. a very considerable reduotIon Is madfe In the Dremiums payable for the rest of life. &8 Membera of building soaieties can effect assuranecs with epoola adoaantaxes. 9 varlsMrsblp assurances may be effected, whereby the withdrawal from the firm of capital at the death of either partner would be obviated. 10. By the suosenlon principle, polioles do rnt become void throuoh Inability to pay r, premium when It becomes duo, as, on sapUcatlon to the Board. perral,toar i3 given to the assurer to suspend from time to time the paymneut ot bhi premium, eubject to 5 per oent. IL TraeellerF, matiaer, and emigrants assured on moderate terms. 12. Atcinlton is aiso fSarro so tne rates of annuity granted so -d lives, for wrhich ample security is providedt by the capital otihe 3orlely. Example :-£t0 each paiddowvn purchaes Lu ,ruualtrof £10 40 toa^malell]fs aged 60i ,, 12 I ,, Me rayable" lc2g 1810 ", 70 ) he Ii Ova. 13. Loan are rantetIn counexion wt iReiMecl i nol Applipalons tor agrso are invited, Wetabllsbd 1835. fAMIYENDOWMEN, LIFEB ASSURPANCE, f%!-!dAALN,yN`UIry tt O D Y. I, Chathn-pIac, Eacktrls T. (*RORGE ASSU:RANCE CEMCOMP118 1 PamalL, SW., endqc.-EveryIdeNcripton ofUlfe neaon the moAt favouable tom6n . Acttwe agents wanted,t tbwhom labera romortalon wiLheAloWe OLToan realto Plrtoal dsecurity,repay able by monlthortqosr.iely htshlaments f fromgoneato fe ylteoasps,ma rlbffurnbes o adns t p spddtentaI eth, . ih GIuli&uta Seoe DTIAaT)YTA EstblIshed 1837. hate of~emmm rdnoe tothe lows possIble Rcale optible Majedtab R bed IMete 4tnt EOMoUe-strotWest, LS^nk,lon; Anb.gh 82v&t Rin-strenort ;Q SDu EB,$7 BtLower ardinr-eriiebtmn. with aecuri ann uitable to eery Ca o0 policy-holder, e _ ~~ANWDREW FIuRANCS. Sec TeLLEus' and MARINE xNSUdaoo now rprepared to GgAKT PhOLICIEs8tS agis patial dsablment arisint from a tcidet, bY the Vayment of a smald ddtionale xre fortotaler dlsatriatrsut Stiltheedeitond. Dhef Offices, ri2 and 43, Poutry. rIHFINEANEAL RASSRANCT C £13 estabised C183. 1, Cannn-0ree west5, W teaLon Lon; donburgh, 83, Gireat Rin-sree t; 5 Dubl'i4n,87,n Ltoweer Geardiner-utreet. rg The aannal Income exceemrs. £70o 0n 1m'he aVmu,aepd Funds exceedC....a. £320 000 Polies effecledl this year wilY acqsire an theddtcrnal ear's rtandug overn iterevtrants atnthe elfth dvitedonrof o ronits inIS62 E WILLIAM RWOI. HOBIN GEN, Actuary and Secretary. iIFTE GMENERTAL, RIEVISIONARL and I:N .1 VESSTIIENTCOIIPA!Y, offlce, No.5, Whitehall, Londton, SMW 14 and l6 ViP., rap. 13D CaOPiAl £5Com03. e; TIhe busineas of this Company coceissts in the purchase of, or loa,ns upon, reversonro SInterets, ested or ontingentr in laNded or hunde property, or securities; also 1ife iacdreste in DoAseon. as well as In expec,t etn and poumieusot assualtce upon liDes, Prospetuesadiforms ot propoaauS may be obtaRnedS rom the i tary, to who m all coounleauctlons rbhonld be s,ddreaeeiL WAns Bf rWICg u OtGEd Actary ud Secrety. BRITIS MUTUAL 1&VESTM.ENT, LOA,and titledtoteaNt COaiPtAg (limited). Caal tal £100,CC 0* In IDCCO shares ot £10 each: deposIt £1 per h horef-Notree Mn hdeeby gtven, that purautnt to a resolation of the Drectory, a PREMIU of BCs per Share, wlls be CHARGED upon all SHARES tone afterthe Appiocat.ons tor the remining unalaotted Shares, which wiol bm enittledS to the samze adlvantages as these already tssued, must be made accompanied by tile depoeit of £1t Der share, on or before Monday,f cb 18th instant, at the temporary offlzes of the Compan, No. 17. lNew BdrdgsetsteetZ Blaskisiars, where pro pDectuses, report, torms ot applis By order of the Board. oHARLES JAMES TBICERE Manger. JOSEPH IL JACKSON, Secrtary. 17, New Qr1dgO-stes`t MoC., Dec., 18.5967. D AILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURAXCE [Lb, COMPANY. DIREOTOItS, ChaIrman-JAME CLA.Y, ; , XP. lSblontangscquare Deut Ch~Airesan-G BEKL IhA S~O, Fs.. U4 Great Towver-etreet, city. James B. Alexander, Beg., 21, Tokenhouse-yard, city William 0. BuUer, Bee., 10 Old-suwae, Lintoln's-inn George Olive, To sLP.. anderstead-courb, Croydon TheophUus Olsv Eo3q. Hamptonoonrt Samuel Whitfield Daukes. Eoq., 14, Whiteball-place Wlillam B ade, Esq, 11, DawoAD-laoe, Westbourne-grove Harvie orton Farquhar, Esq., 16, St. James's-street Alexandet Greig, Beq., 10, Lowodes-street, Belgrave-square Xb$elon. Arthur Kisnaird, MP., Pall-aall east ThomaPenllngton, Bed., 3, Bunderland-terra4e. Capital, One MUUon. ryur granting iusurances against railway aocldents, also against accidents of every description. Olaims promptly setted, and, where a differenoe of opinion arIse litigtion avoided by recourse to arbitration. Amount of claims hitherto paid, -427,98& A speial Act of Parliament provides that compensatlon reoevTed from this Company shal not be Dleaded in bar of acUoix or In mitiation of damages hS the patry who caused the accident. Offices, 3, Old Brod-street, MO. WC MJ. VIAN, S.reh. TOANS ADVANCED, Deposits Receive(L-LUNI L.JDON INVESTMENT COMPANiY (Limited): officos 36A, Moorgate-street. Loans from, £20 to 41,000, for short or long periods. Dlepositors niow allowed 7 e cent. - for six months certai 5 peLr cent. ADREW 3. jrY, Mnaging Diet. ONS, forom £010 10s. to £100 ADVANCED within 20 uRes o ILondon, reyable weekry or ot=ense, t 2j it oent.for5weeks, and 5 per et, for r0 weeks. Bor rice 2d 4tps trepostage staraps To he encioced .-PROp-Or,TA&N LOAN COMPANY, 1, Oravenqstreet,Straml. 4bligshedl839. Offloe bouns from 10 to 4 o'clock, CHAS. STAUNTON, Oashler. UANIFXY l?lRE nd gIFE ASSO-IATIONS. tJ SHARES either PUWPRCEASED or SOLD la the above Oompa. nice. Applyto Thomas Beususan. 78. Old Broad-street. and db shalesmen, at No. 9, Blisugregate-market, assd No.4i, Saluta. ton-couct, tu the city of London, *re requested forthwith to rendc the pasticulars to the sai tSr. Btotton, No. 9, Blingsgate.msrket5 a'd all amnount to the said Slv. Rotton. qes a z [URSUANT to a becretal Order of the HgCh Court ., ot Chaery,a Ynde Ina cAus "John Lloyd Jones agaist Robart Williams," the 01EDITORS of ROWLAND JONES-, late of Broomhall in the county of Carnarvon, Esquire, (who died in or about the montb of November, S854) amre by their s oliecitors, on or befror the 20thdayof January.1858 tocomne In andprovetheirdebt oar claims at the cbamnbers of tho %atr of the nlol, In tbe Roll's-yard, Chsnoery-lanie. Middlesx ; or, in deaUult thereof, they will be peremptorily odeinded from the benefit of the said decretal order, Monday, the let day of Ylebruary, 158_8 at 12 O'olcck at neon, at the Said chamber, is appointed for hearing and adijdlcating upon the olalsa.- Dated this 21st day of December, 1857. GlEO. WHITIN G, Chief C'le-k. JONES and BLAXLAND. Solcitor Croeley.equare, London, Agents for Thor. Ellis, TwIUsell Carnarvonshire. DURISUANT to a Decretal Order of the High C ourtoftChancery,rmadoi macuse" John Lloyd Jones against Robert Williams," all parties claiming to be NEXT of I°K of ROWLAND JONES, lte of Broomhsll In the ouanty of Caruarron, Esg (who died In or about the, mouth of Novemaber 11501 are, by'their solicitors, on or before the 20th day of January., iout come in and rove their claims at the chambers of the Master of the Rolis, in the ~ols-yard, Cbencery-lane, Middlesex; or, itn default thereof, they wil bo prremptoriy excluded from the honellt of the ad desret.1 order. Monday, theh1t day of Febrary, 185, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the sa-Id chambers Is appointed for helacing and adjudicatlng upon the cfalma.-Datod this flat day of December, 1151. GlEO. WHITING, Chief Clerk- JONES and BLA&XLND, olicitors, Croehy-squaeo, london, Agents for Thos. Ellis, PwD1hell, Carnarvonshtre. 13URSUANT to a Decree of the High Court of Ii Chaneery. made in a cause "enr Sfwt against James Switt," all Versons claiming to bo NEXR oft RIN1w or HEIR-,AT.LAW of TE8OMAS LINDLIEY, late of Haltongill, in the Psrleb of ArunUiffe, In the counLty of York, Sleek, (who died in or about the mnonth of January, 184'), are, by their rollelioe. on or before the 11th day of Janary' 1111, to como In and prove their claims at the charmbers of the Maeter of the Rolls. in the RoUs-yard, Chancery-lane, Milddleex ; or, in default thereof, they wlill be peremplto2ily excluded frem the beniett of the said decree. Frlday, thy l22d day ot January, M88, at 12 o'cloko at noon, at the sald chambers, is appointed for hbering and ad4 indIcating upon the claim,-Dated this 10th day of Dtecemnbor 1857. GlEO. HUM,E, Chaef Clerk. N . MaNEL}, Temple, Plaintifa Agent DURSVUAT to a Decreeof the High Court of iL Chanesry md e ss' ane cis ors"teGE DI1TOtS of J6HN FIRER%fN SAUNDZRl lateu!:Daleton, inthe county of Middleex. and of Weymouth, in theountyof Dorek lIt, deceaed (who died on or about the 3slt day of Mlarch, 1817,) are, by their solicitors. on or before the 18th day of JaniuaLry, 1158 to come in and provestheidebts at the chamqbsedrsof the Master of the Roll., in the oll-yar, Cancey-lne, iddsex;or,In defaalt theref. they willbe pevrempthorilcy eFclzundeed firoqm the benet ot the sad de-cre. Monay,the25t da ofJauar, 188,at 2 oclokSt noon at the soldchabers Isappionted afoor heariagand °adjudic:atinguobn a the (agSORfIEMU!.tER. Chief Clerk. Plainti'S Solicitors. a DUJRSUAN'.L to a I)eoree of rho High Court of *nd Cnorthelr madeb In the Mattaer ofthe Estate of JOnerh Bridgef well Whiting, late of ing's Lynn,,n thecountyof Norfolk, sargec, n ooae,I en ,"oh R poberte Chawik,plinif. ausius Hda leuttn Whiting, deenan,"theCR EDIOES 10,I's bRIDchELt WliITIOG, lTepe,o in' Ly3enn , In ttst the enyo oflk, urgos theRols,inteRllsyer, haner-lae,Middlesex; or, I default thereo, they will be perepto rily en cude d o from the benefit of the said dere, londay thMTh a faur. 185, at 12 o'clock at noon, at the soad chabes, is apitdforbhearingan adj udicating upon the claim.-Dae h 14th day of Debember. 1857. OBO. HUMEt, Chief Clerk CLOWES, SON and ICK LE. E10, Ring's-heneh-watk, TemPle, London, SoUcitors to thee Plaintiff. pURSUANT to n Ordr of the High Court ot bancery,madin the matter of th e Prona tate ofu ame Smith, deceased all peDon RSimlng DEBTS or LI&BILEILE3 a,. ferting the ESIIATE of JAScES SALITIF, lain of 01, Raker-vtreet,Por~. mian.ssqUare In the county of Middlesex, gentleman (who dled on the 13th day of December, 1828,)are, by their solicitors, on or before the 25th day of January 1M8. to come in andesove their debts o, claims at the chambers ot the Vice-Chancellor Woed, No. U1, Newsquare, Lincoln's-inn, Middlesex. or, In, default thereof, the, ilwli be perempDtorily excluded fromn the beniefit cf the caid order. Monday, the let day of February, 1851, at 12 o'cloek at neooc at the said chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims. Dated this lid day of December, 1157, HY. LEMAN, Chief Clerk. BURGOYNES and MILNTES, ICO, Oxfordi-street, Solicitors to the Executors, DURSUAN to nc Order f the igh C~ourt of 3. Chncer, mae inthe matter of the estate of Tbomas Drinkrow ate f Noth todgbem.ln the county of Vork.farmer.deemedw and n a aus of , Jeemah Drinkeow and othere, egainet jolsn ThoasDrnkrw, te CREDITORS of the said THO.i,,s8 DItIN. ROW,thetesnto inthe proceedings named. (who died In or about tho moth of anuar , 15.are by their solicitors,on or before the 9th ay f Jnuar, 158,to coma in and prove their Claims, at thy chamers f te Vbe-Canoellrr Sir John Stuart, at Noe. 12,01d-square, Linoins-ln,Midlesx;or, in defaultthereof, they will bogpremr. torly xcldedfro te benefit of the said order. Saturday, tio 18th day of January, 11858, at 12 do'lock at nkoon, at the asid chsmbers, is at-pointed for hearing end adjuhilcating upon the 01sdme,-Dated this 2d day of IDecember. 1857. ALFRED RALL,1 Chief Clert. GEORGE OAP'ES, 1, Field-court, Grey's-inu, Agent ftr Edmund Dade Cooyers, ofl Dridlaeld, in the county o- Yorkc,rolicitor for the Plaintiffs. pURStYA~T to s Order f the igh (Copurt oi sonscialine o b CREiToR ofINGIKBY iIitAS MIUty Elf. lateof 2, pperBedordplac, Rssel-s care intheo corhunt .0 brewer andcuasoaitcor. tbe tes,amor h the rocedings named, (who died in or about the mouth of "'December, 10,) are, by their solcitors on or before tbe 11th day of January, 188, to oose in hod prove their debts, at the chambers of the Vice Ci.ucsllor l`nderaley, No.d Stone-buidings, r,iDcoihn's-o, Mtirilerex; or, in default thereof, its; wrti be peremPtortly exluded bum theobenefit of the said order lilonday, the 18th day of January. 1888. at 12 @'elock, at neon, at th, sahIdchanshoe. Is appolsetert for hearing and adjudicating upon the c"ale-Date' this 9th day of December, 1817. )rRE3DK, ER5. lR'lWARDS. ChiefClerk. CROSLEY and BURN, Pltantiff'e Stolictors, 34, Loom'oaerdsrcet. LSondon. iNOTI0 Eureuu t nto arulLe of this COu o attr ofIslecDebtors in the Ofatter oIt B EDERIOEKWILI,I Ma StIMPSON, late 014, orl;-ro dl King's-cross, atidsleaox,out of has ness, the matters of whore petition were heretofore apisointed to Orheard ensa day gacetiedS for the same and now pasbt.-oVerear A? PaIdC&lhON suPportedbyaiddaviths been madebycThomasGra- todi Ralaeor Sio pein mlfo°r the ro'eintel0AraXizagnee of the said C'ourt aINTEeST not vested indhim, no other erson havrg beonmt assignee, In certain LIANDS and T}NEIIE'T}YS rsanely a leesisslt house and premises. known as and situate No. 22S. ight steet. Pop-s lar, in =th county of idtdlesex, and another isasehold hnuse and Premisres, smonte and being No0. 34, Woodetock.road, Foislar, In the creditors. atycreditor or Othenr pe8rson cDnceerned nobeeting beotao luist ApplicatIon must show nuause In peraon er by counsel eelGst the I sameti the said Court. in Portugal-street, lncolra--in.felds. oa alonday, the llth day of January next, at 190o'clok; at nojn,wrhen theI Court wril proceed tbsetUDOn pursuant to the Statue, eDWrAeD J. BARON. °6. Gnil lferei stree6 Rusoel. souare,&ttooney foe the said Applcnts. vTICHCHANCE:LLOR RIDESLyatCom Vhors.-l the I atter of the JoiAt Stoci ossoonle' Windinc.sp tosa WAST , inDS Irtt"R'aEM l,'ST" wvOeTYe.nb-~Nr is Ohereb gien, tha allpar. in And prveTeo.ebs eor2he 28eCbnele Sirh Rish'r Courtthe wndin up o thismatt reiseattced, at his ofhaool,ru to they shall so come in, they will be preluded from con= e -rng pto-o APtPentEmJ prooeeding for recovery of their deb st-Ds thI th R tREDo PRgS. BIDLiARD.5 Chief Clesrk Ht ARDING, f , fer:e street, L. lcin'-lon, OIdci Manager. nxt weath AM8oI0RtYo. TEX AVERS, and bSMITH, 25, Throgmerton.stre3t Soit mPoceed otrts.t WTORKIoI MODEL-A SToAM-ENGINE W&N'D I 1. IIED. Apply, staling pre and partielarsC to W. B., pos t office, udgOolthdE ( our o rhpn, o w$,
CHRALES DICKENSS CIR!STMABS ,STORY. As usual at Christmas the extra number of Houselowd Words contains a story, the greater part of which is written by Charles Dickens, but which on this occasion is less a festive tribute to the aeason than a celebration of the great qualities displayed by our race in recent emergencies, Crimean and Indian. The reader may, indeed, object to this description that there is no mention of India or thb Crimea in its pages, that its scenery belongs to fable land, and that its characters and incidents are purely imaginary. But the moral elements are the same in either case, in the historical events and the ideal narrative, and there is so far an identity in both series of transactions that the novelist may be charged with a public function and convicted of a patriotic interest in political crises. In the prev&lent spirit of criticism we have little doubt that Mr. Dickens will be put on his trial for this great irregularity. It may be argued that " the perils of certain. ,nglish priso7ers and their treasure in women, children, silver, and jelvels" are a sort of professional or preoccupied ground, and that the novelist has no title to seek in public transactions which are passing under his eyes materials for his idealization, or to firnish romantic types of the actual achievements which history will a3cribe to the heroism of his countrymen and contemporaries. His readers, on the other hand, may reply to this objection that it is clearly symptomatic of a growing tendency to extend patent rights over the residue of creation, and so may evince their sympathy with the trespasser. At all events, his offence bas its phase of utility, and is not insig,nificant as a part of the dispensation by which national virtues are kept alight, and their splendour lives in familiar observation. From the It-la downwards men of imagination have been foremost to display the qualities of their respective races when roused to heroic heights of emotion and action; they have laboured to brina these into high relief and to range them monumentally for recognition and honour; and in gathering fame themselves out of such endeavours they have rendered no petty. service to their compatriots. In these days, when the men of imagination for the most part write novels, or, in other words, when the novellsts for the most poart do the work of men of imagination, there is no reason that we know of why they should neglect this portion of it, Originally the chief ministrauts in this behalf were poets, but the poets of this day have hung their harps upon the willows and taken to celebrate their "souls' agonies" and personal inconveniences. The writer who would touch a national theme at all raust at least have some claim to be considered national himself-national in his fame or national in his sympathies; and we question if any one of his harshest critics will deny that this qualification is posseed by Charles Dickens. It may be a fair question how far even with this qualification he has succeeded in his efforts, and, therefore, we give an outline of his narrative, which is supposed to be recounted by one Gill Davis, a veteran but illiterate private in the Royal Marines. Gill introduces himself and a comrade at the outset in this fashion:- "I sae, there I was, a-leaning over the bulwarks of the sloop Christopher Columbus in the South A.erlca waters, off the Mosquito shore: a subjeot of His Gracious Maijesty King George. of England, end a prlvate in the Royal Maies.. "In those climates you don't want to do much. I was doing nothing. I was thinking of the shepherd (my father, I wonder D) on the hill-sides by Snorrldge Bottom, with a long staff, cad with a ro-ugh white coat in al weathers al tie year round, who used to let me lie in a cormer of his hut by night, and who used to let me go about with himn and his sheep by day when I could get nothing else to do, redwho used to give me so little of his victuals and so much of his staff that I ran away from him-which was what he wanted naU along, I expect-to be knocked about the world in preference to Snorridge Bottom. I hid been knocked about the world for nine-and-twenty years in all, when I stood looking aIong those brinht blue South American waters. Looking after the shepherd, I may say. Watehing him in a half-waling dream, with my eyes half-shut, as he, and his fock of sheep and his two dogs, seemed to move away from the ship's side, far away over the blue water, and go right down into the sky. I " It's rising out of the water, steady,' a voice said close to rme. I had been thinking on so, that it like woke me with a start, tbough it was no stranger voice than the voice of Harry Charker, my own comrade. " sWhat's rising out of the water, steady ?' I asked my comrade. " What ? says he. 'The Island.' "'0 ! The Island ' says I, turning my eyes towards it. 'True, I forgot the island.' "' IForgot the port you're going to ? That's odd, an't it'e " It is odd,' says L. "'And odd,' he said, slowly considering with himself, 'an't even . Is it, Gill?' " He had always a remark just like that to make, and seldom another. As soon as he had brought a thing round to what it was not he was satisfied. He was one of the best of men, and, in a certain sort of a way, one with the least to say for himself. I qualify it, because, besides being able to read and write like a Quartermaster, he had always one most excellent idea in his mind. That was-duty. Upon my soul, I don't believe, though I adnmire learning beyond everything, that he could have got a better idea out of all the books in the world, if he had learnt them every word, and been the cleverest of scholars." The island referred to in the above conversation is the Island of Silver Store, which has this relation to natural geography that it is off the Mosquito shore, and to political that so long as Mr. Dickens requires it we are bound to assert our title to it as a British possession. Silver Store, it appears, is a place of deposit for silver brought in small quantities from a mine in Honduras, and once a year this silver is carnied away to Jamaica in an armed sloop. la the meantime, as it accumulates, it has to be carefully guarded, especlaUy as the Caribbean seas are swarmi3 g with pirates, and therefore Gill Davis and 23 comrades, under command of a lieutenant, are proceeding for this purpose from Belize to Silver Store when the story commences. Soon after their arrival a certain native Sambo called Christian George King, an obsequious rascal, who moves the wrath of Gill Davis, being in coltusion with the pirates aforesaid, is by them employed to lure away the guard of Silver Store to the mainland while the pirates in its absence contrive to surprise the treasure. GiU Davis, with 11 other men, are left behind in charge of the silver and of the women and children of the settlement, when the approach of the pirates is detected; whereupon all the British remaining on the island are with difficulty got into a slight fort, where, their powder having been wetted by treachery, they are attacked and eventually overpowered bytheir assailants. All who survive, including Gill himself, Mr, Pordage, the Commiissioner, tOonsul, or " Governmeat," a type of those who try how not to do it, and Mi'is Maryon, a high-spirited young Englishwoman of the kind who can do the work of heroes on emergency, are carried away by the pirates to the mainland, and kept as a secarity for their retention of the plandered treasure. With this object they are marched for several days through the woods, until, under the guidance of Indians, they are brought by the pirate gang to an old temple or palace, forming part of the remains of one of the mysterious ruined cities of Central America, and here they are detained under the eye of the pirate captain, a fantastic and conceited personage, but who is as vigilant as he is unscrupulous. Escape from this situation seems next to impossible, encumbered as they are with women and children, with one of their number delirious in consequence of a sabre cut, and with Mr. Commissioner Pordage reduced to a state in which his official maundering approaches insauity, The ablebodied men of the party are, however, taken down to the banks of a river close at hand, and are employed under the pirates' surveillance to cut timber for repairs, &c., whereupon it occurs to one of them, a sailor, that this timber may be employed to construct a raft for escape if they can get a few hours free from observation. Even this facility is obtained by the courage and adroitness of Miss Maryon, who, availing herself of the botanical knowledge of Mr. Pordage's clerk, contrives to drug the dough for the pirate's bread with a strong opiate, while the atten - tion of the guard is being diverted by a hunt for an imaginary snake. The drug operates effectually, and the whole party pass out of their prison-house, having to cross in their way the prostrate body of the piratecaptain, who, toheighten their anxiety, is kno mn to have taken less than his share of the opiate. Mr. Pordage, whose bewilderment has reached the climiax of supposing that the party were only to be written out of their peril by a formal memorandum, creates a diffictulty at this stage of the pantomaime, and is only induced to proceed by the humorous suggestions of another of the party. " Government despatches outside," whispers Mr. Fisher in an agony, "secret service. Forty-nine reports from head-quarters, aU waiting for you half a-mile off. I'll show you the way, Sir. Don't wake that man there who is asleep ; he must know nothing about it-he reprsents the publie". At length, after an agony of suspense and some risks which are well recounted, they reach the felled trees, construct the raft, and commit themselves to the river before the pirates are aware of their esape. After a voyage of some days they fil in with the party who had been decoyed from the island, and who are now in search of them, and are consequently rescued. On their way downthe river the perfidious Sambo Chtian, (ieorge Ring, is descried on the look-out, and is cleverly shot by their commanding officer, Captaia Carton. The captain eventually rnarries Miss Mlaryon,. who grace. fully exhibits her gratitude to Davis for his courage and consideratenest in their joint trial!. The pirates take to their ship, and are destroyed by one of Her Majesty's cruisers, while 3Ir. Pordage dies of yellow jaundice, a governor and a &L.B. Thus poetical justice accommodates itself to the rules of promotion, and its rewards are divided betWeen merit and seniority. Short and slight as this story is, it enables rlx. Dickens to bring out the salient traits so recently displaye5d by his countrymen and countrywomen amid bardships and dangers which have never been exceeded. Their intrepidity and self-confidence, their habit of grumbling at each other without occasion and of helping each other ungrudgingly when occasion arises, the promptitude with whichthey accommodate themselves to any emergency and the practical ability with which they surmount every embarrassment, the latentsympa'thy between gentle and simple, the rude and refined which common hazatdr stimulate and common sufferings sanctify; in short, the spirit of mutual reliance, of reciprocal service and sacritice, which they have exhibited in fact Air. Dickens has strivell to reproduce in fiction. It was impossible that he should touch this or any theme whatever without infusing into it somo of his humour or of the force of his genius. But he has evidently to contend with the very fullness of his subject, which leaves little marain for imaginative decoration. The awful horrors of which we know the literal particulars have been mingled with such spectacles of moral grandeur and heroisra that invention can hardly elevate or ingenuity enhance them. Osborne in his ten-t Tucker on the cutcherry, Salkeld and his con:rude' one by one laying dowm their lives at the Ajmew gate, and English womanhood in either mood, on her errand of mercy with Miss Tightigaae or risinu to her midnight vengeance like the young Judfth of Cawnpore-such figures and such actions leave little room for embellishment by art or for the highest intensification of which romance is capable. Where the reported reality is so astound ing it is only the talent of Mr. Dickens, employed for a legitimate purpose, which could ince us for a moment to listen to the echo.
THE DUELLO IN SPAIN. (From the Glo&e.) A bulky series of documents has been sent to us for publication, all relating to a quarrel between Don Narvaez and Don Guell y Bent6. So far back as October, 1256, General Narvaez met Guell y Reute at the house of a mutual ac qaintance, and insulted hirn. A challenge was the result; but before any duel could come off Narvaez was ordered by the military authorities not to fight, and the next day he wu appointed Presideut of the Council, which indefinitely retarded the duel desired by Guell y Rente. Some time since Narvaez left offiee, and GueU y Rente returning to Madrid, sent him the following letter:- " Monsieur the Duke of Valentia,-On the 9th of Octo. ber, 1856, I was at the house of Madame Donta Dolores Bonila de Aleson, Countess de IA Penas del Meoro, when your visit was announced. " I rose to receive you Mie a well-bred man, with all requisite politeness. *' You twice stared at me, then a third time, but with ar. imperious gesture, to whieh I replied with the greatest courtesy-' Guell y Rente, my general.' 'I asu not your eneral,' you said to me, 'b ecause you are a clod-hopper, a leUow whose blood I would drink and tear his heart out. Speaking thus you thrtened me with a stout cane, with whtch you touched my coat. " Iinstantly replied, that I required a satis&ction as great as the insut done to my onour. You rejoinei, that you felt haste to give It me, and that you should like to tear out of my heart the words I had uttered in the Chamberof Deputies. I rephed, that your wish should soon be gratified. " After your departure I went and confided my outraged honour to the Lieutenant-Generals, my friends, the Count. of Reos and the Count de la Pena del MIoro. "Returning home, I found a letter from Lieutenant. General Don Francisco Lersundi and the Brigadier ViUate, who had come on your part, after the insult I had received, to inform me of your will. " I replied to them that I had confided my honour to the Counts of.Reos and do La Pena del Moro, who told your secouds that I, a man of letters, who had never had any taste for disputes with weapons, chose the small sword for the satisfaction of my honour; bat that if the use of this weapon were unknown to you, you. might choose any Weapon you preferred. You and your seconds accepted the small sword, as was your duty, and agreed to be on the ground fixed for the duel on the 10th of October at S o'clock in the morning. "From that day neither you nor I were at our own disposal; we were chained down by a question ot honour; but shortly before the duel you gave your word not to fight to the Captain-General of Mladrid, and as I had refused to give mien I was arrested iu my house. " Forty-eight hours after you were named President of the Council of Ministers. "With the saine sang froid wherewith I had received the insult I resigned myself to the inability of fulfilling the most binding obligation on a mng of honour. " Her Majesty the Queen desired that you should be President of the Council of Ministers; and I, a loyal man, who profess all the respect due to the laws and the powers of the State, bowed my head; and, full of resignation and grief, have waited patiently a year, my brow being ever poUuted by the insult you dated to offer me. " To-day, without hatred, or vengeance, or wrath, because I am a man devoted to study and nothing else, I write yon this letter in the same way that, without uttering a complaint, yithout replying to your insults by similar insalts, I have devoured my despair by sdlence, but not my dishonour, because no one's insults degrade a man like se; I live by my reputation, and no one can tarnish my y repu tation. "In the society wherein e live, there Is a law, a custom, a formality that Is eacred to me * you offered me yu grave insult before a adye your hand anolding a weapon; come now with a swvord, as i's the duty of every man posessing a sense of shame; come and tear out my heart, as you promised " You were elected to the Presidency of the Council of Ministers after you offended me-after you sent me your seconds, after you. accepted the weapons and indicated both the hour and the ground at and on which we should meet. so that what was an excuse then is no longer so now. I ow hope that as soon as you receive this letter you wiU decide upon repairing with the prudent reserve that becomes a gentlesoan to the appointed spot and at the appointed hour, in order that God, whno is always ust, may do reason to him weho is in the right. "JOSE GE-ELL y RxBNx. "Madrid, Nov. 5, 1857." This letter led to new arrangements for a duel, but a difference arose as to the weapons. It appears that M. Guell's, representative had precise orders, and could admit n> weapon savethesmall sword, because this ann had been. chosen by the two parties when the conditions of the du,i were settled a year before. " The seconds of the Duke of Valentia, although charged with sufficient powers to admit anv arm whatsoever, have conceived it their duty only to authorize the duel with pistols, admitting nevertheless to the adverse party the absolute right of fixing all the conditions of the duel and the nature of the weapons. To justify their refusal to come to an understanding with BL Guell's seconds, the secends of General Narvaez!have alleged with effect tbe various considerations proceeding from social position, the difference of age and skill between the adversaries, adding, nevertheless, that they desired an equal and frank combar such as might give Mi. Guell the most complete satisfactiori on the ground he chose,.hi. GueUl believed he had tho right only to fight with the smal sword, and he refused to surrender that right. The Duke of ValerLtias seconds maintAined on their side the choice of the pistol, and there the matter has remained"
A STORY FROM j uItffC.-The CWmrier de Paris relates the following somewhat singular and not very probable anecdote:- A. few days ago a gentleman, walking through the Charles Stranse at Muaich, and having on his arm a large cloak, happened to stop opposite the offics of the Mont-de-PitWd. He avas immediately accosted by a woman-one, it appears, of soveral who watch nea- those establishments at ilunich for the purpose of gaining a trifling sum by pledging articles for persons who feel ashamed of entering those places themselves. ' Ah mesin herr,' said the wornan, 'you do not like to go in thera yourself, and yet you perhaps wish to pledge your cloak9 Give it to me, I will get yorr a good sum on it.' ' You wdil render me a service,' replied the gentleman after a moment's hesitation; 'take the cloak, and I wfil wait here until you return.' At the end of five minutes the woman returned and handed to the gentleman 10 foris, the sum lent on the cloak. 'Tbank you, my good woman,' said the owner of the cloak, 'and now by way of commission put these ten florins in your pocket, and take these,' giving her eleven more, 'and redeem the cloak and pay the interest.' Tbewoman was at a loss to understand all this, but she did as she was told, and on her return, as she was handing over the cloak to its owner, a company of soldiers passed by, who presented arms to the gentleman, whom the Astonished woman then found was no other than King Louis. On his retura to the palace his Majesty sent for his tailor, and rated him soundly for charging SO florins for a cloak on which ho could only borrow 10 florins." TiR TABLES T -IRED.-On Saturday, at the Hudders6feld Gaildhall, Gilbort Wilson, gamekeeper to the EBiri of Dartmouth, wss convicted, on the evidence of George Fitton, a confessed poacher, of having been ori the 7th of December on the ground of Mr. Henry Frederick Beaumont in Lepton-wood, in pursuit of game. The defence was that he was discharging a signal gun to attract the attention ol Ir. Beaumont's keeper, with whom he desired a conference, The faith of the bench not beirng great enough to believe ir this ingenious statement, Wilson was fined 40s. costs, thE chairman (Mr. J. Haigh) severely animadverting on thi poaching propensities of this guardian of the game_-Lcd Jtcrcury,
IBELAWD. (FROA, OUR ONVN CORRESPONDENr. DUBLIN, WEDNESDAY MORXLN'G. TRE LATH MONETARY C1S1S3. nhe Mayo CO"stitulttiOl announces a case of rnercantile embarrassment in that county, which appears to have caused very general regret there. The old and respected firm of Pinkerton aid Thompson have been compeled to suspend payment. These gentlemen became so far back as 1822 the successors of the wealthy house of Smith and Patteu, of Westport, and throughout a long career miaintained a high character as mercantile men. The amount of their liabilities is not stated. In order to meet the demands of their creditors they have offered for sale the residue of their private property, consisting of nills, dwelling-houses, farms, and a salmron fishery. MR. JU8TICE MOORE. The Evenang Post states that Mlr. Justice Moore, -one of the judges of the Queen's Bench, whose state of health for some time past had been anything but satisfactory, is now considerably better. It was believed that, in the event of a continuance of his illness, he contemplated a jourucy to the south of Europe. TIEE GREAT SL,ANDER CASE. The hopes of a conclusion before Christmas are becoming more faint. No less than eight witnesses were examined yesterday on the part of the defendant, and it is said that the list is not yet exhausted. The trial is to be resumed this morning. THB FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, shut, 92k; ditto, for acconz,t, Jannary 8, 1858, 925 J 0; New Three per Cent. Stock, 922q , t ; ditto, for account, January 8, 1858, 92Q i. Local Debentures.-City Debentures, 4 per cent. of 921. 6s. 2d. 78 ; Pipe Water Debentures, 4 per cent. (New) of 1001., 81. RaDwlaysB-Dublin and Belfast Junction, 501. paid, 40 Dublin and Wicklow, 101. paid, 4); Great Southern and Western Stock (1001. paid), 97i ; ditto, for account, 971; Great Southern and Western (paid in full, 201.), 18t lKillarney Junction, 101. paid, 9f ex. div. ; lidland Great Western and Royal Canal (half shares), 2;5. paid, 233.
RAILWA1Y INTELLIGENRCE. DIUNDEE AND AtRFROAT1T The balf-yearly meetibg of this company was held at Dundee on Monday, M1r. R. Fergusson in the chaiz. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in T;hc T'imes, was taken as read. Tbe CIIJtAN stated that the traffic of the last six months had been greater than that of the corresponiding six muontbs in any previous year, and that it amounted to a larger sum than the whole revenue for 1847. The increase during the Sear was 1,4331. There had also been an increase in the working expenses, but not in the same proportion, for while the increase in revenue was 26 per cent. the increase in the working expenses was only 6 ler cent. The working expenses during the last three years had been reduced from 46 4 5tbs to 391 ger cent. The balance of revenue was thus good, and -would afford a higher dividend than 31 per cent. for the lix smonths; but, as ohe receipts were for the most productive half-year, the directors propo-ed to carrv the balance, after paying that dividend, to the credit of the current halfyears, so as to equalize the dividend, and give them, as he hcped, 7 per cent. per annum. The new station was now open, and their property generally was in a very prosperous conditiun. The report was unanimously agreed to, and the meeting Eeparated, OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVERHAMPTON. A special meeting of the Worcester Chamber of Commerce was held at the GilidhaD, VWIorcester. on Tuesday to consider the proposed abandonment of the Diglis branch of the line by the railway company. ThiB liis was intended to open a communication from the main line near Worcester to the river Severn at Diglis, powers for maklng which wvere obtained some years ago, but have never been exereised. The discussion in the chamber occupied some | time, tbe members generally objecting to the aban-. donment of the brachb, which it was consideredI would be beneficial in Increasing the traffic accommodation I between WVorcester and Glocester. After several propositions had been made, a resolution was, on the motion of thei Mayor, adopted and ordered to be transmitted to the directors of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company and to the Severn Improvement Comml;sioners. The resolution expressed regret that the directors of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhanipton Railway Company appeared desirous of abandoninig the Diglis branchi railweay, and urged upon them the reconsideration of the question. NEW Bl'UNSWICK AND CANADA. The directors of this company state in their report that sirce the last meeting important progress has been made in the company's undertaking. They congratulate the share. holders on the opening of the line on the I st of Octoher last to the 40th mile, from St. Andrew's to Barber Dam. The statements previously ninde, as to the cheapness of construction, have been fally borne out by an investigation of the totalcf:stof the40milesnowopen. The works are no being proceeded with up to the 60th mile; and the board have Tecently authorized the formation of five miles more, so that at the present time there are 25 miles under contract. From the estimate of Mr. Buck, the enginer, the cost of grading, ballasting, fencing, &c., of the 25 miles will be at the rate, of 1,6821.10s. per mile, or 42,0621. ; and for rails, chalrs, swvitches, &o., about 935. per mile, or 23,3751.; making the total cost 65,4371., or at the rate of 2,617'. lOs. per mile. The surrey of the remainder of the line to Woodstock has also been comipleted, and, contrary to the expectations of the directors, the works turn ont to be even more favonrable than the previous portions of the line, the estimate being at the rate of 2,3001. per mile. There will only remain the branch to St. Stephen's to be completed when the line is finished to Woodstock, and in case of need, this branch can be limited to four miles, through a country similar to the average oha. xacter of that tbrough which the trunk line passes, The directors state that although the line is being thus inexpensively constructed the works have been well executed. The system adopted by the board of letting the *ntracts in short lengths, so far as to render large contracts unnecessary, has been found to w ork well. The energy of the engineer and manag4er have nine contributed in no email degree to secure those advantages. T'he rolling stock already pu?rchased by the company has coust 6,0001. The manager wivll require at least 11J0 wide trucks and three passenger cars in the spring, and also three more engines by June next. The cost of this additional plant w31l amount to 7,0001. The directors continue to entertain the most con. fident opinion as to the traffic capabilities of the line so soon as it shall have reached the lHoward settlement, that being the nearest point at which it cani tap the St. John's River and secure the traffic of the upper part of the country. The New Brunswiok Government have shown their perfect satisfaction with the nrogress of the wvorks by transmitting 18,0001. on account of their stock in the undertaking, and by granting to the company 20,000 acres of land, which is nowv beig surveyed, accompanied by an assurance that a further grant wrill be made s soon sait is required by the ?ompany for the purpose of settlement. Arrangements are 3n progress for disposing of the company's lands. They will be divided into plots of from 50 to 100 acres each. The old Sit. Andrew's and Quebec Company have expressed a desire to amalgamate with this company, and the directors recom. mend that a joint Bill for that purwose be introduced in the next Parliament.The balance-sheet to the 30th of November shows that 58,36SI. had been received, and 55,6791. expended, leaving a balance of 2,6S91. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Mees Pas- Mler- TotaL Total Railways. oeen. sengers, ehandise. 1357. 2&'e. Week ending Dec. 12. X X. dilnbnrgh and Glnugow. 142 . .. - - 4,84 .. 4,079 8cottith North-Easteru n . 115 . _. -. 3,2 . Wek4 endiLg Dec. 13. Great D;orthern .. .. 223 .. - . - .. 2b.S31 . 26.1,5 3Nirtbi Staffcrdshire^ .. 233 .. - .. - .. 6.s57 ,. 7.343 ,rtl, Devon. 3s . . - . . - .. 317 .. 297 We. a endIung Dec 19. I:elfast aLd BZlismena . . 65 . . - . 1. - . 3,157 . 1,156 'Vatexferci and Kilkenny 31 . - -.. - . 2 5 ., 266 CorkralaBandon - - - , . 281 261 Cork. B,ackrock. and Faa- se 2.C .. - 5. - -. 26 .. 188 ianeLey nilway and Dock 35 ,. - .. - . 391 ,. 319 Week esdlng Deo. 20. ondora and North-Webtenli6W7 .. -- -.6,286 . 60,775 GreatWcstesn -. .. - .. - .. - 28218 - . 26,973 Londonands8outh-Weetem - ..1,353.. 3,915 ..14,263 ..13,619 blanchester, Sheffleld. and Llncolnsbhre? .. .. 173 . 0.. 5. 94 .. 9721 OheeterandHolybead§ ..... - .- . - .t64562 .. 4,458 tEL eleu'a -anal and Raulway . - .. _ .. - .. C,4 7 .. 1,507 Newport. Abergavenny, & eetord .. . 43 . ,. - . 1,048 1,024 -3elfast and County Down - . - . - . 214 2. 143 Tbe abe as exelB8 c S camdui e under agreeeveut with tue t This r,ton dose not Ineul the tralc 0t the Huddessileld Canal, Ebrepshle Union, Prestonasnd Wyre, South Junction, aud Mauches- s Including hafthe Mlancheeter. 8ooth Junction, and Altrtncham receipts, Greimshr Dock dutle. X,. and Chesterle4d Canal rerelpo'. 5 Itncldn trahe.t eanltso the stea,nhoats 000 ci theato ol and
[Advert1sement,}-Nolan's " History of India."-just publl2hed, Part IL of anlllenSrald hirtory of that country from the eGallett period to the pri ent time, by the author of the" w.vl agaijst nurela.' The 1ultratlona wilt be engraved on steel expresly for the work, and wil comPrise pQrtinlts, viows of plaoe, and in.ps. Every exerton wul o made to reder It an authenttc and popular rerd of Ii that ii imDortant In the history of British India. The wo07e 'Will be publiehed tn part. at Is. each, conbtal'g two eugeavlngs anQ 40 paZes ot text. It may also be bad it divielona at 6a., and will foren WDeu complete two haodBonie royal octavO volumeo. londoa, Jame. S. Virtue, ulty rozd and Ivy-lane. [Advertisement.]-Nice Chrstmas DInners, inexpensive nad oraUy prepared, together with palatable meals day atter day all the YeAr round, will bea nured to thoe who poees the " Wife-'3 Own Book ox Cookery" (3a. 6i), which gives full details of sug dinners for tvwo, or anly larger unmber. aud which may be got up co00.ortably In any household. " Recomamended by Plain aense and practical worth." -Vide'llailnstrmtodlewa.. The "Practical Houoewife" (2i. 6.) wiia - enable th cemetor to aive money daily. ""This Is a capital haud. book."-V ide " A.thoteum." A new edition in a few days. As Ohelse. rose gilfts. "The amily Frriend" (2e. od) and "Elegant Arts for Ladle" (J!. f;d.) are mneh recommended. Ward and leck,< and all ~~~~~ookaeUer ~~an Xok ad l iAdverldsement..A Seasonable Present, the Famally Alaa, containing 60 coloured map., selected irom the eeries, con. attute and engraved nnder the xuporlnteadence of the Society for the Diffusion 01 Useeal ltnowedge, wiSth all the new dtlooTeries. and an alphabetioal index, bail morocco, gilt edges; price, three guineas, Thle Osciopredlan Atlas, with 39 maps, 1SODI the erae series, one *guInea. Ihe 225 mapa In tht aeriet are aold meparairly, at fd. plain or 9d. coloured, or the AtlMt complete £9 lt. A ligt 0t tbe mape and atlssee will be forwarded oU~ pppslicatstoa to Edwevad SlaDonorc 6. Charlngs.cr
RAILWIAY AN D .M7VING S2IARRS. Wednesday Evening. There has been a further partial reaction in the railway-market from realizations by recent speculators for the rise. North-Eistern stocks and South-Eastersi remain exceptionally firm, and Great Northern advaniced about J per cent. Canadian sharus were heavy; Indian, on the other hand, were in greater demand, and geaerally improved. It must be borne in mind, however, that the present quotations include the half-yearly dividends shortly cotning due. French were fiat, except Southern of France. In other foreign lines Anttwerp and Rotterdam and Royal Danish left off at an advance. In American securities Illinois Central shares declined, while Michigan Central showed increased firmnees. Canada Governnient Bond% were steady. In mines Alfred Consols receded, while General Mining closed 10s. higher. In joint-stock banks a rise of 10s. occurred in Ottonman, and 30s. in Bank of Egypt. Miscellaneous securities were rather actively dealt in, but no important alteration took place.
TRB HEALTH OF LONDON. (Prom the Registrar-General's Weekly Return.) The deaths registered ln Londen, which were 1,428 in the first week of the carrent month and fell to 1,240 in the second, were in the week that ended last Saturday (December 19) 1,234. In the 10 years 1847-56 the average nxmber of deaths in the weeks corresponding with last week was 1.249, which, if raised in Proportion to increase of population (to admuit of comparison with lass week's return), will become 1,374. In the third week of December, 1847, influenza raised the deaths from aU causes to 1,946, and consequently, to some extent, augments the average which is now given ; and if this element is eliminated from the calculation it wil be found that the pre' sent rate of mortality approximates very nearly to that which is to be expected towards the close of the year. That those pulmonary complaints (the result of influenza) which lately sweUed the mortality continue to grow less fatal appears from comparing the faots of the last two weeks; the deaths from diseases of the respiratory organs i (exclusive of phthisis) were in the previous week 336, last week they were 293; in the former week those from bronchitis were 185, last week they were 159; while pnen. monia declined from 119 to 107, and cases in wbich influenza is-specially mentioned from 19 to 15. The fluctuations in the mortality from phthisis (or consumption) are apparently not ruled by the same atmospheric conditions, for the deaths from that disease rose in the two weeks from 114 to 161. In the same periods whooping-cough was fatal in 47 and 48 cases. On reference to the zymotic class of diseases it will be seen with satisfaction that smaU-pox continues to exhibit a mortality singularly small In a population so large; the deaths from it in the present return are 3, and since the present year began the weekly average has been only .3. Last week measles, scarlatina, and whooping-cough produced very similar numerical results, for the first was fatal in 45 cases, and each of the two latter in 48. Fourteen young children died of croup; 13 persons of diarrhcna, 2 of whom were chUdren in a family at 20, Canal-road, Haggerstone west, and had been surrounded by circumstances of insalabrity, which, if correctly described, are sufficient to account for any amount of diarrhcea among persons so unfavourably situate. Three children died of measles in Plumstead, where it has been prevalent lately; in a family of five children in that locality three have died of the complaint, and two others are dangerously ill The medical attendant considers that the extreme severity of the disease in this case is due to the bad condition of the premises. Of three nonagenarians whose deaths are returned a woman was 90 years of age, a man in Poplar 94, and a widow who died in Albion-terrace, Limehouse, was 96. Lastweek the births of 936 boys and 894 girls-in all 1,830 children-were registered in London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1847-56 the average number was 1,503. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean reading of the barometer in the week was 30 082 in. The highest point attained by the instrument was 30-50 in. at the beginning of the week. The mean temperature of the week was 45 6 deg., which is 5 7 deg. above the average of the same week in 43 years (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The mean daily temperature was above the average on every day, and on Thursday the excess was so much as 12-4 deg. On that day the highest temperature occurred, and was 57 deg.; the lowest occurred on Saturday, and was 35 deg. The mean daUy range of temperature in the week was only 87 deg.; on Sunday (the 13th) t e range was remarkably limited, having been only 3 8 deg. ; on the following day it did not exceed 47 deg.; on Saturday it was 14 2 deg. The difference betweeen the mean dew point temperature and the mean air temperature in the week was 2 deg. 8 min. The mean daily degree of h-.midity was 90, complete satutation being equal to 100. The mean temperature of the water of the Thame, was 45 5 deg., about the same as that of the air. When the air was not calm the wind blew from the south-west. The rain-fall was 0i16 in., of which the chief part occurred on Saturday.
THE CORN TBADE. CORN- BXOHANG, MARK-MANX. WZDZ;RSDA. DEC. 23. 'Tho s,rt,vai of kngllah corn. graln, flour. r.nd tnalt to this market r-e t. Scre l:beral this vweek than last. A few Scotch oats bnt no Irtsb. Foreign e heat as fair supply. Bfarley and oats very short, will a few sacks Af French and a few barrels of American flour. The Imports of American wheat and dor into LtverDool still continue very larce. Tle ashest trade dull to-day, and not much on show, but the valie the sma e as oD Monday last, with a very emall attendante of buyers, as I usu.l aboti tbis nerlod ot the year. Bar:ey vtry inactse, wthontchangenprlcesi. Maltaslowtrade. at Monsay's vrlces. Oats, in consequence of an unusually sbort tupoly. are f,lsiy supported for prime oDro. Peas fully as dear as on Hlonday Iat. beans rathet cheaper. Flour.-French commands Hlttleattention. INmf-ltls dull, at Monday's value-eay 33sa. per sack. Indian corn fuilly as desr. Frway next, beilg Christmas-day, the market wll be cloEed. ± lOUr, ADKgna, 2, 9 acks; dittO, foxein1, 460 sacks and 1,270 bsrrels Moalt. 3,234 qrs, EULL, DEc. 22. Tbe weatber continues extrernely aiUd, and the green crops wear the Espeet of Epring ruther than of winter, the leadless trees being the only symPtom of the approach of Chrietmas. Arrivals ot grain have been moderate, and although the lower conttrental porti are still open and steamers continue to ran as usual, ship. ptes abroad Fhow no dispoeition to push off sgulplies In any quantity. The trAde In wheat during the week has been steady, with a good c' nsiniptive demand for al des riptions at fully late rates, and in some ir staners choice parcels bhve made a elight Sdvance. A more cond,leot ;feeliig is appiarent in the trade. Holders show lossdispositoionto pro's Fales, and now that arrivals are likely to decrease and monetary affais eet easler a moro regulir and bealthy trade may be looked for, easpeciaUy after the turu of the year. At to-day's uawket there wAs a ated supply of English wheat, which Was taien Off St fullY last waek's currencY. Foreign met with a better demanid without any quotable alteratlon in value, Barley met rather more inquirs, but prices were unlhangediBeanD and Peas steady. Oats Legecoted, and the prices of the common sort in favour of thebuyer. Tae following are the carrent quotations:-Euglsh wheat, old white. Ste. to 5Ss.; old red, 48s. to 52s. ; new white, tOa. to 5ls. ; now red, 46s. to O5r.: Danteis, Koaisgaberg, &t . 535. to 66s.* Dutch and Belgian, 5is, to 52s. ; Baltic and flambur,,, 4%,. to Otle. DAnish aod Hel. stein. 47s. to Usi.; Petersburg and Riga, 43, to 46s. English malting barley, 31$ to 36s.; grinOdin, 2&. to 32s.; Baal and Oderbrucb, 333. to 3fs,; HIolstein and Danfsh, He. to 3Se.; oreign grinding, 43d. to 35s.- En>glish oats, 24. in 2f; newv, 22e. to 24a.; foreign, 11d, to 13d. per Aorei tos. tornma4keEtglishres, ws amodertoe45s.fiyoreign breakers.43i. to14s.t grinding, 17s. to s.; grinding tares, 3ls. to 35s.: Indian crun. 35. to mai.n: beeing linceed, t 04 . to 5Ot.; 3rushing, 43. to fe5. ons ed cakes (17ullJ, £3 12s. 6d. to :g l5s. por ton; foretgn, is8 to £8 1Cs; ra pe eakes, £6 7s. 64. to £Oles t ones, £7 te £75d. 2ElI an a eD, DEC, 22. At to-day's orM-market there w as a m aoderte adsply of whlat,whilh sold stoivly at late rates. Trade generally ruled Cull, and other grain was m.changedin value. Qeotationa ;-Whe.st. new whIte, 20%, 6.5. to bets. ratetroa chreaer imperia bowshease fred, s8 to 222 ; barren sto lie, S6d,; pof lte,mto' 23b. 5ghrinDding barley, 3%r . to 37g. per qn 'slt; *snalting barley, 401, to 44s.; loe oats, 30a. to 31%.; new, rOs. to t9Sr Isulan corn,40s, to 43s, per qa3rtsrof 14 stoeo, lisur, is. lOd., s., and Is. 2d. per stonEo. At tois d3f gattle market butsers was slcek and sales limited, pigs bei g rather cheapor. andSrah cows aLdo fromr£1e to b2ae barren besoet, £12 to £16; small stars pigs, lOs. to 18s.; large ditto, lea, to 5Sd. porkser Co. to 6s. 4d. pel stone. There was a good supply of has and turnips, ard a heavy market. Hay,£i 4s, to £S; wheat straw. 3fs, to 40Os.; oat straw, 4CE. to 43s; turnIps, lOs. 0,1. to 13s.; swaes,a eIs. to 2 L. per ton, At Bothecham calttl-markeko yesterday, there was a fair show og hiats, mdeg of which were dispot ed o at formetr prico. Bee , te. 6d. per stone; mutton, Old. to 7d. per pound. REWOASTLE DEO. 21. rt this momia te market there Waa a n:ouerals sbow of wheat, with Bt le y seeave at unaltered rates, Oats as betore. Beans and p)e3s B. to 2a, per quarter lower. At thecattle-makettoday there was a dull sale ror beasts, tht priers were no lower. The mutton trade was rather depressed, A brisk demand for pigs, with acmie lmi,ortoement in price, Betef, is, 6d_ to fi, . d, per stone; pork, 5%. bd. to Is. 2d.; mutton, OAld. tO 63C. per lb. ROOBDALIN. DEC. 21. AIers to-ay the trade in grain endiesur wae atout an average, with. cut any alteration in priCes, BOlpOn, Disc, 21. At to-rla's market there wvas a limitel inqery fcr alt articles at the rates of this day ss5'Lnight. DTTI1L13N. DEC. S2, As te Usua during Christmas week, there warQ a poor attendanee and a oery slow mDarket at our Corn-Ershanre. WYe reeeat our qswotetl,nm oflrthday.except for Indian coca, which must he noted rd,lower. There will nOt be held anv oSher markePt this vweek.
THrE cOuNKDE WASZKOWSKI. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In a leading article in The Tsmes of to-day, on the subject of a recent trial in the Court of Exchequer, you appear to assume that the defendant really was, as be represented himself, a Pole and a political refugee. Perhaps you vill permit me to state, with rererence to the first of these assertions. that on his arrival in England from France in the year 1850 1 had some conversation with him, and that he was then unableto speak a word of the Polish language. Be was as little successful In his attempt to show that he was a political refugee. Although some of your observations may seem calculated to cast ridicule on the attempt maude by the Poles in 1830 to regain the independence of their country, yet I am wiline to believe that such an objeoe vas far from your in-entlon; and I cordially agree with you in the recommendation to your fair countrywomen, with which you conelude, that they should not place implicit confidence in their new foreign friends without mak'ing some previous inquiry into their histories and characters. Had the lady who was the plaintiff in the case applied 'With this view to the only society in England which interests itself in the fate of Polish political exiles, she would have learnt that the Count de Waszkowski in representing himself as belonging to that body had made at least one statement of more than doubtful accuracy; and she, like others who have taken a similar precaution, might have been spared the loss which she has sustained, as well as the still greater misfortune with which she was menaced. T havA t+h. rnn' t i nr nhwion+. I -vaIn.. 0. SZULCZEWSKL Polish Se&zeoary. Literary Association of the Friends of Poland, Su8ECX- chambers, Duke-street. St. James's, Deo. 23. STEAMi COMIUNICATION WITH THE SPrAISn POEtTS. -SOUTHAMPTON, Wednesday.-The screw steamers Hami. burgo, Captain Lagier, and Barcelona, Captain Argento, sailed hence, the former on MIonday morning forz Hlamburg. and the latter this morning for the Spaiaisk purts, with pasEer.gers and nerchebndiwe.
BASF INDIA HOUSB. A quarterly General Court of the -ast India Company was held yesterday at their House in LeadenhaU-street, Mr - R. D. Mangles, MLP., Chairman of the Court of Directors, in the chair. The CHAIRMANIE inforued the Court that the warrants for the half-yearly dividends would be ready for delivery and payable on the 16th of January next. PENSIONS TO GENERAL SIR ARCHDALE WVILSON, LADY NEILL, AND BMIS. NICCIOLSON. The CLIuRMIAN then said, that the Coart had been made special for the purpose of subwitting for confirmation the resolutions of the General Court of that day, approving the resolutions of the Court of Directors of the 2d inst., grant iug to Major-General Sir Arohdale Wilson, K.C.B., an an. nuity of 1,001. ; and to Lady Neill, the widow of the late Brigadier-General Neil, and to Mrs Nicholson, the mother of the late Brigadier-General John Nicholson, special pen. sions of 5001. per annum respectively, in addition to the allowances to which they are entitled under the regulations; and he begged to move, that the Court do confirm tho resolution granting to Major-General Sir Archdttle Wilson an annuity of 1,0001. Sir F. CURIiE (deputy chairman) seconded the motion. The motion was put and unanimously agreed to. The CHArnislAs then moved, that theConrtdoconfarmthe resolution granting to Lady Neill, the widow of the late Brigadier-General NetlU, and to Mlrs. Nicholson, the muother oft the late Brigadier-General John Nicholson, special pensions Of :001. per annun respectively, in addition to the allowances to which they were entitled under the regulations. Mr. Lwvirx said, he could not approve this resolution because he thought the allowance of 5001. a-year to Lady NeiU was inadequate. The C0HAIRMAN said, it was not competent for the hon. proprietor to propose any change in the amount of the pension, aU that he could do was either to confirm or to negative the resolution. hIr. LEaV- said, he considered the amount wholly inadequate to the position and circamstancei of Lady XeilL The resolutions were then confirmed by the Court. REPRESFNTATION OF iNDIA. Mr. J. JONES then rose to bring forward a motion of which he had given notce. After a few observations as to theimportance of the subject, the hon. proprietor observed that The Times had said that the East India proprietorshad nothing to do with the affairs of India; that their dividends were guaranteed, and that they had no special interest in the welfare of that country. It was ttue their dividends vere guaranteed, but only by the revenues of India. If India were lost their dividends would be lest. There were no men who possessed more knowledge of the aflairs of India than those who constituted the proprietary body of the East India Company. He thought it desirable that they should hear from the Chairman his opinions as to the causes of the late disasters in India and as to what should be the future conduct of the government of that country. It was said that the Sepoys were entirely separated from the general popnlatioa of India; but in his opinion there was ample evidence to showv that a feeling of dissatisfaction and discontent existed among the great mass of the people of India. One of the chief causes of that discontent was the alteratlon which had been made in the law of inheritance. The people of India felt that alteration of the law to be an insult to their reHgion. The Hindoe considered that to acquire property was not only desirable as contributing to his personal comfort, but as being necessary to the safety of his soUl In a future state. He was taught by his priests that he would be transferred from one degree of happiness to another according as the prayers of his survivors were offered up on his behalf. To make provision for those prayers it was essential that he shonld accumulate property to descend to his beirs. Having no lineal descendant he possessed the power of adopting a son, to whom might be delegated the trust of performing the ceremonies for the benefit of the defunct. Bat what had the Indian Government done? They said to the people of India. 'You may inherit the property of your ancestors, but you shall not inherit it with the obligations which your ancestors have imposed upon the possession of it." A law had been passed haviDg the effect that on a Hindoo becoming a Christian his property was absolved from the obligations originaly imposed upon it. Another fruitful cause of discontent in India was the system of annexation which had been pursued, and more especially under Lord Dalhousie's administration. Our refusal also to recognize the law of adoption, and our system of absorblng the property of the native princes into our own territories, were equally a source of discontent and dissatisfaction. lie did not lay the whole blaimue of this system on Lord Dalhousie. le went to India in 1844, but in 1843 Sir Robert Peel declared that there was a principle at work between ourselves and the Asiatic nations that forbade us to apply the same principles to them as we should apply to the nations of Europe, implying that the treaties we made with the native States in India would have no binding force with U, although any breach of those treaties on the part of the native would be viFited with destruction. Lord Dalhousie carried out the idea of Sir ltobert Peel. But the Bndoos were not barbarians; they had none of tbs features of barbarians about them. They had an organized system of government and social laws, and the most prosierous period of our government in Indi3 was when we made the nearest approach to the institutions which the people of India themselves possessed. Colonel, afterwards Sir Thomnas Munro, in his evidence before the house of Commons in 1813, said:- I 1 do aot exactly underatand what ili meaut by the clvilization of the Hindoos. In the higber branches of science, In the knowledge of the theory and practice or good gorernment, mud la an eductioa whicb, by bnieubing prejtlodce aed superstition. opens the mind to seceive Instruction of every kind from every quarter, tbey are muoh fnferlor to Europeans; but if a goad system ot agrisoitaro, unrivalleA manfacturing skill, a s3p301ly to produco whatever oan contribute to conveDienee or lxuTy; schools estab'ishel in erery village, for teachuig reading, writiug, and srlthmnetio; the general practice of hospitalits and charity among each other; and, above all, a treatment of tbe female eex. full of confidence, respect, and dehcacy. are among the signs wrhich denote a etvilized people,-tben the iSindooe are not inferior to the nations of Europe, asd 11 civIzatlon is to become an article of trade between the two conrtles I am convinced that thbl c,untry wlU gain by the import cargo." Sir T. Malcolm described the Queen of Indore, Whalya Bye, as a wise and prosperous ruler, raising villages into cities, promoting large public works, and distributing haDpiness among her people during a 30 years' reign. On what principle, then, were theyto push aside the Hindoo, and to assume to govern them without allowing them to have a voice in the transactions of their own affairs ? Sevajee and his successors in the Mahratta States had equally shown themselves possessed of high administrative powers. In addition to this, it should be remembered what we oarselves had been doing in India during the last 20 years, We had been diffusing European notions among the natives of India by establishing schools, inculcating ideas of European civilization, and teaching them the principles of English liberty. What, then, could be expected but that they should, aspire to participate in the government of their own country, and become discontented at seeing the produce of theirlabour bestowed upon some 50,000 or 100,000 Europeans, who were in every respect estranged from them by race, customs, language, and religion? What was desirable was to draw more closely together the bonds of intercourse between England and India, and this could only be done by recognizing the new features of Indian society. It behoved England to regard with seriousness the material power of India, That country eould rain England. She could undersell us in our markets. Had not India already drained us of our capital ? The balance of trade was in her favour, and she was even now doing us mischief. Twelve millions a-year had been going out from England to India. That must have contributed to produce the panic from which this country was still suffering. The hon. proprietor concluded by mnoving- * That it Is dus to the advancing lntolelgenoa of the people ot India that a deputy from each universtry in the saveral presidenries be malntained a' tha pblia expsp e la tthis country, wi:h a view to inform the proprietors as to the wishes and comnpilints of the people of India," Mr. Litwax seconded the motion although he did not agree in all its details; but he recognized with approbation the representative principle which was embodied in it, and which he was desirous of seeing established in rega,rd to India. But he did not approve paying the representatives, believing that it would sacrifice their independence. With regard to the mutiny in India, he looked upon it as nothing more than an ordinary crisis; it was certain to come. In lS56 he used these words:-" Lord Dalhousie has left behind him a mine that in the course of time will explode." It had exploded. They had been annexing kingdom after kingdom, and he knew that the feeling of discontent which that system was creating in the minds of the people of India would vent itself aS soon as the opportunit, Dressated itself Mr. ?IACKESZZII opposed the motion, hecause he believed that nothing could more speedily bring their Indian empire to a calamitous end. The natives of India ought to be much indebted to Alr. Jones for his speech in their favour, but if It were translated into the vernacular and transmitted to thom they would merely look upon it as nonsense. Whatever the future form of the Government of India might be, the first duty was to give ample proteetion to life and pro. perty ;cheap, speedy, and efficient justice; a good police, and a guarantee to the people of their aneient rights and customs. But they mnst not be put into situations of trust and of importance which, with their present ignorance, prejudices, and immoraUty, they wvere t,talJy unfit for. 'I'here was scarcely a native cmp?oyg in all In:.ia bat wae open to corruption, and the higher the salary they received the greater was the bribe they demanded. MIr. CLAits; said that, while admnitting the ability of the hon. mover, he differed from himn both as to his lacts and his deductions from them. He would ask, what would become of India if they were at once to withdraw tbemselves fromt it? It would be a scene of carnage throuigbout the length and breadth of the whole penin.ula. When the Brtis I Government bad deposed princes it was from just causes, and the result had always been the protection of property and the amelioration of the condition (f the people. The CHAIRMAN would not follow the hun. gentleman who had introduced the motion through all the details of his very able and eloquent speech. From mans of the points on which the hon. proprietor had spoken it -was his misfortune entirely to disagree. On one impurtant point it was necessary that be should Make seone remarks,-he alluded to the question whether this had been an insorrection, or rmerely n muifitary mutiny. Both the hen. mover anod the seconder hiplied that it was an insurrection of the people of India, and that the Sepoys had werely been the iratruments of the people. Reference in support of this opinion had been made to a petition which was presented to the House in 180, in which the missionaties expreased their belief that there was a strong feeling of discontent among the people of Bengal, and that they believed that that disatisfaction with the Government wouLld ultimately dispayv itself In An insurrectionary movement ending in outrage and violence. But what were the facts of the case? Why, from one end of India to the other, with the mnere eaception of a certain predatory tribe wbo lived on plunder, there had been no rising of the people. (Cheers . He would repeat what he had 5tated in the Rouse oi Commons upon Mr. Disraeli's motion, that where there had been no Sepr'ys there bad been no mutiny. There were many datricts in Bengal where there were no Sepoys, and in no instanoc bed there been any mujtiny or disturbance in those provincs. There bad been a partial insurrection at Patna, but with tha' exception there had been no rising whatever; where the people had not actively assisted the Government they haci been perfectly passive. What took place at Chuprah and at Mozuiferpore, rhere the people were military people? At tie time the Sepoys mutinied the civil servants in those districts were ordered to leave. They did so, and vwh.t was the result ? So far from the people of those places showing any hnFtility to the British Government they took the command of those- stations, took the towxu under their protection, aesumed the direction of the people, and there was not only no rising, but when the civilservants returned to the stations and resamed the position of the Government, the people handed over the treasury, the gaols, and all that they had for a time under their control to the authorities. (Cheers.) That could not have been a very bad Government. At Mozufferpore. indeed, a small party of Irregulars attempted to plunder the treasury, but they were turned back by the police guard. They then attempted to plunder tbe town, and they were turned back by the populace. These things happened at Chuprab, Mozufferpore, aDd Patna. The hon. Chairman stited other instances in vhich the people of India not only discountenanced all atterupts at iesurrection, but aided the legal authorities in hringing those to justice who had endeavoured to excite the people to oppose the Govemrment. In n mosque at Byderabad (in the Deccan) a fanatic got up and said that tbe address which the priest was then making to the congregation was all nonsense, and that the only proper thing he could preach was a crusade against the unbelievers, meaning the Christians. The preacher answered that he was mistsken in applying the term unbelievers to the Christians, for that they wero believers in the Prophet, and when the man became more violent the authorities were sent for, and tbe fanatic was taken to prison. Did that show hostility on the part of the people? Up to the present time the eminent ruler of the Deccan had kept the population quiet, and hls contingent had acted in a spirit of the greatest succeas against the mutineers. The same course of conduct had taken place in respect to the Mahrattas; Scindiahb and Holkar had acted with the greatest fairness towards the Bntish Government. He would ask whether these facts did not prove that this was only a military mutiny of the Sepoys, and not an insurrection of the people? (Cheers,) He would not speak on his own authority, but would quote the evidence of a man better qualified to speak-he meant SirJohn Lawrence. He had received a letter from that eminent man, in which he expr,ased a most decided opinion tbat it was merely a military movement on the part of the Sepoys, instigated by the belief that they were masters of the position, and that they were imitating the Pretorian guards of ancient Rome, and that they could give away anything. That was one great cause of the mutiny. He believed that the people of India were cound in their loyalty to the British Government. (Cbetr.;.) He would briefly refer to the terms of the motion, in order to show how little it was calculated to further the object of good government in India. In the first place, he did not tbink the people of India were fit for a representative government. The attempt to work out such a system of government had, he believed, failed in every country in the world except where the people were of Anglo-Saxon descent. What had they seen in France, in Spaiu, and in other countries? Certainly not that degree of success which was calculated to induce them to believe that the people of India were fit for representative institutions. But, supposing they were, was the mode for carrying out the principle aud for enabling the people of India to make known their wishes and complaints to this countrv to itve tbem representatives to be chosen from Indian Universities ? Supposing there was no representative system in England, and it was desirable that the wishes and complaints should be made known the Government, would the modus operar4i be to take their representatives from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge? What did the inhabitants of Cal. cutta, Madras, and Bombay knowv of the wishes and wants and complaints of the people of those Presidencies. Just about as much as the members from Oxford and Canmbridge might be supposed to know abeut the wants and interests of the ironmasters of Staffordshire, the stocing manufacturers of Lelcester and Nottingham, the crape manufacturers of Norwich, or the bankers and merchants of London. Believiug that the pesole of India were not fit for a representative system, he shoald oppose tha motion. Mr. HELP,rafter some remarks on the motion, to which he said he was opposed, referred to a statement in The Times a few days ago, by which it woudd appear that the days of the East India Company were numbered; and begged to ask the chairmaan whether he would inform the Court what had passed between the Board of Directors and the Governwerit with respect to the abolition of what was called the double Government. (Hear, hear.) The C1tAIRXANd.-I expected that such a ouestion would be asked. If it had not I should have felt it my daty to communicate the fact to the Court. (Hear, bear.) I have to inform the Court that the deputy-chairman ard myself had an interview with the Prime Minister by appointment on Saturday morning, when he communicated to me that it is the iatention of Her Majesty's Government to propose to Parliament as soon as it meets again a Bill for the purpose of placing the British East India dominions under the direct authority of the Crown. (Hear, hebr.) Mr. Serjeant GASELEE suggested to Mr. Jones that he should withdraw his motion. After a few words in reply, Mr. Jo.NsS asked leave to vithdraw his motion. The motion was accordingly withdrawn. I The CIItncmL announced that he had that moment received a second and a third edition of The Times, which contained telegrams received at the Foreign-office, announcing the relief of Lucknovr. Tho hon. gentleman then read the communication, which was loudly cheered. THE HrOTTY IN ThDLL gr. LIwvw then brought forwrard the folloving motion:- " That the disastera that have lately ocourred In our Indan terrltories have been owing to a want of fsresigbt on the part of the ladlan Government and to anozlect of the meaos which weve at bond to control thfm. That to tbe saplneneas and apathy of the Hone G3vernmeot of India Is attrib,osable the want of timely milltary aid (whh:h it was in its power to supply by means or steam ve.sels), whtah woold have arrested the sdaughter of our troops and countrymen. and averted the danger which now threatens the garzsoo ot Lucknowv." The hon. proprietor entered into a brief statement of the course taken by the Government and the Court of Diectors in regard to the despatching of troops to India after the first breaking out of the mutiny in February last, and charged them both w;ith culpable neglect in not having sent out troops at an earlier pezied than the 28th of July, and then despatching only 400 men in a sailing vessel. Mr. JoNEs seconded the motion for the purpose of hear. ing what observations the chairman had to offer. The CT,at mAw.-The only observation I shall make is to put the question. The motion was then put and negatived. BULLION SEST TO lNDIA. The CHAtIRa-AN.-I have had a question put to me by Mr. Mackenzie, who wishes to know what is the amount of sllver bullion sent to India by the East India Company between the 1st of August and the 5th of December, and on what terms that bullion has been raised. I beg to state that tho amount of bullion conveyed to India at the urgent requisition of the Government of India between the dates specified is 752,701L., which was purchased at various prices-namely. 61&d., 6l-d., 59ld., and 59id. The bullion was purchased in the market. Mr. MACKENZIZ said nothing could be more injudicions than raising a loan in this country at 6 per cent. when they had an open loan in India at 5 per cent. As t! P interest of money in India was always much higher thaU il. l-is country, to give 6 per cent. here would at once -reveDzt any chance of getting any money in India to meet tLe Government requirements. He begged to ask whether 6 per cent. was not given by the Government. The CnAlImAtN.-The money was raised for the general purposes of India at 6 per cent. Mr. AICXKNzsIE.-Whatever money is required for India ought to be raised in India alone. The CiumwtIRs.-AU urgent requisition was made to us, and we should have betrayed our trust towards the Governnient of India if we had neglected to comply with that requisition. They wauted tbe money to enable them to carry on the onerations of the Government and also to carry on the war, and it was our bounden duty to comply with their request. (Hear, hear.) TIIE " DOubLE GOVIMNIIENT." Mr. Serjeant GAsZLEE asked whether it wzs the intention of the Court at an early day to bring the subject of the communication from the Govermment, respecting what was called "the double Government," under consideration. The CHAiRmAx said the matter had not yet come under the consideration of the Court of Directors. The Court expected to receive a written communication of the plan to be proposed by the Government, and assoon as that was received the Conrt of Directors would feel it their dutv to lay It belore the proprietors, LORD DALHOUSIVS PMNSION. Mr. LEwIN having handed in a notice of motiosi, in which he proposed that the Court should reconsider the grounds on whioh the pension of 5,0001. was granted to Lord Dalhousie, The CEAR rix said it was a proposition which could not be entertsined, and that Lord Dalhousie was now as much entitled to the pension as any man wAs to his estate; ho therefore moved that the motion be not received. After some discussion the motionwas carried, and the Court adjourned.
[Advertisement.}-Coloured Maps gratia.-A Plan of DLn,ebeeter wvll be presonted gratis With tShe "Di-p3tch" on Sundxy next, Decewber 27. A troly beintiful c Inurad 'iotble Map of Asia will be given on srnnosy, January S. A .d a coloured Map lvUl bh isued. every week gratia W'th fach copy of the " DlEateh." to form the moS zerfeet and tt3einl amls ever published. Tbje back numberd Gr tc ttstas3 rse kepSt Utsttiy on Sale, so that tbe work may be made complepte from the c=mW. LGrwmnt a anF time, anUd at the perfect -onvanlence Of tho paer rheser. Any map or the torieo raVy no had with thenew-Peper Sor ttba current week or with auy copy na oat ift print. The prlrce ot the "DroPaohl is ur sta'ped Sn.' stamped to go t.ee by pest. Gd. The Frl. day .vening edition mavyi received In the most nisraat partio Of t'te kiL geor on Satnrday morning. Portfolice with aprlugolirpaed ,haks are _ow ready, price &t. Gd., 4U, and upwards. Orderi rcesrea by all r ew,A.aente, sarA At tbe nfliee, 139" Flo-t-tr.to. L^ndon. fAdvortisement.1 -"Caste," by the aulthor of " Mr. A lI,. in three voL-&. Is now ready at all the librarie. "OasteEngl:ih COato-s the subje t et a nev novol by a writer who, as sbe out,zinrits modestly a well ss strenuously to put forth ber still. wilt ta. e a sae place %mong the aceepted btory-telless. tier first book. 'bir. Arle,' was well written and pure In tone. T5hs Is as pura anid a5t ell written, rt moro skilftu in its plan. It is the clevereat b)k of a notong vriterwho bea sut her heart into beto3alli. g, aud a book to he enIOyed by many a quIet Creeide in thcsr (thristnms days of rest"-. ixitomner. Rural and Blackett, Vublbhers. [Advertseument4]-Double nmimber of the Sunaday Times." extending to nearly uo oolurmns -Toe " 8anday Tirnee" of December 27, with doub'e supplement, formiDg the largest newrpapec Dnblibhea, will contain ample and elaborate ozig'.iiareports of the Buat XODlesentation of the variou Pantonmimes os Satnrday evening by the mo t e.orienk writer of the daa, engaged eoxpress for the occatlon. Iu avddilioia there will be given the largest a.mount of theatrical. muqsi cal: anc generat intelligence eves collected together. The test nes " tr mInaea to detail; clii.al articles by tho first political write,I of the duy-Wtnderings ot the A=n sbot To o-1restntS O ss °t Chess llhrontclio the f'-mer contaIning all the novenments of tte rrtft-Agsicultartsl liiea-Scenes from the pat Racing deason-Torf NIs.-nenclat to-A Rint to HorKe-owi.eso; tog, tbert with a m&ss of Wlt ebltistics, gei:eralspontlg lnfosrotatl-.n, and all the news of th6 feek. Msy bs Orderes rt BuY ookle,* r at "try r'rlwv1S stM'tl'n. rr ce of 'be doutle LU.tber, rialwpesl for past, G(. '.jcel^3,E lee. st.tt
To the ELECTORi no the NoW;IIHEV.N DIVISION ot Oment*o, 'NORTHAMMTNSHIREE BEG t repet to you my alnoere thanks for- the hoe ~r y~ ave on me in returiang me to Prallarment PA one To avebranedtie uimnaIotus suoppot of the Conservatilves of Eat tonsh~is. I a dlattnction that an man may well he Themout o th laeoonteet will have taught my opponent that ithcalgricI~nt avenot yet $*ken deep root In the loll of ouw cotority. a, that themnr in which be attempted to saforce them Ia 'Ot lielyto brn h iealcose into better odour. I th,%]l hoeb minn tenint ou nee tean a oonsLateuat a.ibest'u totreprrene hi rcmeddueto your mfote, to Lernt a cootinuance of yorcnieces og health and strength .enablen,ett-erves you Iaim, Gentlemnen, your obedient and ohlicred seran. Boreittan-park. threwalhury. D~ec. 21. GEORGE WARD AUNT. To the T PNANTS of the IHRE WSBUTRY RE_SATES. Gentletnen. &HEaents of Earl Talbot, one of the claimants of V dom of Shrewsbury. hare again thought lit to adtdrers you br e ietter In the foram of a Pubito advcrtlsement, date the 11th iunstant, in whicha they acquaint you that Lord Talbot has filed a bill In the CoDurt of Chancery for a receiver over the cstate., "in1 oerdet. b.s it 13 alle2ced hy them, " tOthe Irroteotion of the tenants, and the oue tmreeervatiou of tbe estates and renta," The tevaute mnay estimate how far a dietl" for their PTotectIon actuated L~rd Talbot's atgents from thej threat, wtth vWhch the letter Concludes. agalrst the tenanier for onutlining to pay their rents to thke deeseer of the late Earl ot Shrewebury. For the preservatIon of the astates and aente the aroceeddng is equally uncaUled-for. as it must he obfioati to the tenaute that the ee. tates bave been rnanaued with evry pmboehi regard to theta pro ervaIito,- while it is perfectly well known that the rents rmut be pronerly lnvotetd thF the deelmeer, with the Sanction of the Duke of Norfclx a the guard!an of iii Infant eon, In comollance with the ditrections of the late Earl's wil, and. ixn fact, every -hilling of the net ineoune of the eta'tee has been no Invested. EArl Talbol's agents are, In truth. very uchb diesatlefled with the rgroesea which tey bave mnade towrArds ateertLng the BSAr's claims to =h tite and ertateg, and It imust be admitted that they have good Cause ft-r their dIssattsfaction as it appears from the BIll now 11ied that. our of the whele uumb,er of tenants (upwards ef 1.MD1) on the l4hrewehury eatste, not one baa been induwed to pay renit so bris Lord. ship, and that the preat builk of the tenants hare attorned to the feovtce.e of the late Earl. and pad their rents to them : whble It moat be obviorue th%t,as Lord Talho's cligm to the EArtdom failed lati see, ion. his Droapects of getose. in the eosuLng weegin are not likely to bave been improved by the further evIdence which haa been dlrcovereed, anti wil now- be brought forward saialnt It.todarth clam t th Eaidoa o Shewaury an th delses.being advised hr teIrcouseltha thir rrreseiu o th eaate isnotliable to be oneetene In ny curt saspt b a prso whocan atabisha tItle to theeardo, hveputin frma pea o tIsellctIn answer to the his plea has rendered Itilmpossble for Earzl Talbot to Proceed with his Intended appllsatonfor a receIves, ana the truelec are uud.e no alrtrehenslouthat the applic-tonwtllsve,be made. in truth, litthe Court of Chanoer had any jurisdiction to appoint a receIver. Lord Talbot would long tinc. have aPDlied to It for the ap. poiritment of one. lils Lord[ship's proposlal to the devi*ee to 000. rent to the jorWlamlicie being waemed by the Court were declined In October, 1t56, and, though slus renewed under seTeral forme, have nevTer been entertained. It is werfectly well known, that the devisce hold posoeessi ot the Shrewabnry estates under a bonstIlde claIm Of tiLle to them, Which they believe to be valid againt t garl Talhot and all the world, and tha in the contee they ave nwiureing they are acting under thte advice of the most eminent counse at the bar. ThEyareuquite pveijareto reeet arl Talbot anid every other claim. eLI before the prpe legal tribunals, but their decline ecutting Into any pesnal controversy with his agents, or notIcig front them any re. aicimeon their conduct, which they believe Erlz Talbot hiumself would noot heeltate himself to dIsavow. We are, Gentlemen, Your obed lent servaUts CURRIIE. WOODGATE saad WILLIAMtS, Solicitora for LOA- EAmund Bernard Flizalan How3rd and his Trustees. Lincoltv'e-lm-fietds. London. Dec. 22, 187. To thu MEMBERS of the NATIONAL PRYVIDmNT JINaTI. Ladles and Gentlenmen UIN WE beg to tbarnk you sinoerely for the result of the YVPoll yeeterday, by wbich we were se-elocted to tihe office of Direetots toi our valuable Inistltutlors. Be aerored that no effortof Our sball he wanting to juestiy your coo-o tinued confidence. Yours TMc reaaect itlp. THOS. CALSTL Iovdon. Dec. 23.1857. CHARLES GIL8'I. To the) MEMBERS of the NATIONAL rOjLVIDEN3~T `NSPITt. Lsdles and Iteutlemen, TION. lBegto oferyou my Most cordilal tbanka for the atou cferredi electing mre as one of your Directors. To n.y numerous friends, for their exertions on my behalf, I tender mys beet thanka, and nausne them and the mnembers at larsa it will be omy eltusre endeavour to Justif the confLdence reDogedl in Cme I have the honiour to be,LalrndG tee, I"n attet,Lonodn-bYdd CA.GOOD. ('baa.Glob.Eeq.,M.P.. 1,160 J,odry . Ors Chs.Itee . . . 18 9 ..ay. 6 Chat. Good. . 8 3 .Baboe . 7 P.* Felt I,FShdl.. m24 11AMROYAL DRURY.ANETessee, I'Mr. E.T. Smhtb. The THEMATR, ilOE.elei eo rat,ed threughout by Mr. S. Hurwitz,onB IN NGT,Dc2 wi-en will be produced the Gr'td Chrlsna atmme netdat writven by E. L. Blanchard, t,ettldLTL JACK HORINER: or Harlecquin A B C, an th Efn an f Nrsry Rhenres. The beautiftil centery byMr. Wila eely h MUSIC by Mr. 3.1U. Tulley the properties by M.Nehm h noala lrvenucusn hy Mr. Tucker; the mrsks admdl yDkykr h cotumer by mr. ralmer and Mrs. Diceno;tega ponmn by Mr. Hinkley: the choreographIc arrneet yMFrt h comIcEco-reaby Metrt. nleno and Flexoeror. The whole Produced by Mir. Robert Itorby. Two clownsr Htarry Boleuo and FI:exmose two sorlties the Brothers Elliott : two h&Aletulfis, MM. Bi_sOoat HF. St. Blaine : harletiniu, Sidile, Asimees two Dututaoonia, Ileese. Nash andW. A. BRmes; dandy lover, III.Deunm; and two oolulab mme Madame Boleioxand MdlIe. ChniaFtie. Principal dancers, Mine Rcaina Wright and tIrdame Anriol, aeseltedi by naDwarde of 100 ladles of the ballet. All at reduced puices of admirelon. Galleries, 64. anid ls. ; pit and second circle of boxes,9a1. ; first crcle of boxes, W. 64.; lee's clircle, ILs.; stalls, fs. ; private boxer Ift. d., Xt la.. XI lie. id. and 2 eutnean. Doors or-en at hsalf.pas 6; 1Commence u'r 7. with a f avourite comic dramas. Second prier at 9. The box office, under the direction ofMr. E. hatterton,opendaily. ThenmorningDecrformamsce ever Wooneeday at 2 o'clockr. THanTRE-PlccloloinMnl Extr Nlrhts Tueday,Dee 29,ThusdayDec. I1, Saturday, Jan, 11-T-ftulow-next,aDourIt oprs wil bevegyvenin-,toedy Dom ec. 22, wiL ththV Oe ; c hursday De.o t LaM H TraviaG a Afterd. wb an.l 2. Lun,kt d Lmueroor.c PriestmPi sals, pn lIne. . boer toe THol feLrrPIrsnG B &TaYd INeaTHE5 WOs. Ior gy1Lnand tie.£ s e w ar altfler,I. pit, i.. Th eNoTee of I the i;mox-ostory pintnow open,r wheare, oxer andkealler mayrst speonriied. h mme fth k FIMEATRE ROYAL, ADLHAYMAGrKet A~tO T.Stlu.-rdauet eebr2,and AdlpvesynCOi eventoing,tocomnc B atu y 7. wt the r.P comdy of SPEEnd TH den PLOGH . A fter whichth willbe roduedt he ndcomc Crsmao pantokmime eom Dntitled nTHE ,%lt ue Theery dene ry ok th Wwormeniong e . painted b HAr. MseWto. and Marywhich Mrn Luaee.ec frngom ther Pinc peas's Theat. re, il maedhrfiorst apearanHeien (the chaeracter low te leep-~ ing Baty.Mr Arwenethuf r.Lne Mr Chaertleeneo.-.11 bot f romth dhatre ioand Dublin.of theta irsthapeTaranehr.M.Mca n 3.to.GadAepiUinCmcFnole.On Saturday.Do 6w IeT Dloe. (Boxier Nigrti willotbemrpoue th epulrdaao &Cat)c in- whiht a dery arnCleste Mr. ngtMrBlint,M. C. ilcaiby,Mr. P. uedo:d and MInbitAren ilapa. le hc wil beprdncd te ran ne uionChrstna.coic patomme, Mary eey.Mr. ulinto oine et Mponay day) and Clsi'omcro Fia) h HAR ilh L E. OUEN Sa 5rAy,De r, 26awlllerene Ot X 'Wetmt-er ; RoCrismampatomme Mr. Glcove r. Palulo;baDeClmie. li .Aa -OYCALI LYED H ATRE.Sl LeeseeRE *tI aGdYManageY,M.Oare PU DI lNG,-T.IGD T the or gorgeousi 5,reoeand In nommetLLLe eve.Moning Perl- 6 Sueetno nna aforwt ane onHBOxTingDa. Fir,'st appeara nceao r. CharlnesDlon Ten MondiAy TUritRSD,teYbs oanoana thARE- ess most moesra.teph eg" N OTandCrErt.on SAtuLdAy,De.6 an THE ANEMBOOA. TUER AVl; o, HS,arlequn Tozneo HTL.12 6 and Juit ue b ice ElWeh,te4ter LDomeo TirBere:kiitwt Julet, fls. Tppng bHarl f ecun Meer. Ginvers Colmbine,o sia Wclllk,tt; Clown, Tgtby te Surrey Bust-h soporfite. Young BndighataDonf r. atrnancur. DTAN THE ATE.P rte.h -ayTell Eesrou ofaviing Cnrl thremsEve.otbemldetdmoe-ARuLEQou-iN O VEhLaolty.Adur tb?E,wue Pit folrCR ,WMO LOST eTer HEmoaRt.o Harlteui MHis HART H OTE-L, Spritmoe.at terrKmsTh Boamrdn apmimyend bythe s hd6-rorneith. - hotlce.h Gruestn Naftioa Pantestomime,callhed dandI the wevenin ati half-pa orst 6Sthe etrane dIopet hiIpet5 r1nHE BCASTLEIC IL aR OMEOA. vaHtebl?,d 6.s andor-theeftmW nertearnesendetr.Ti hotel e sing entso Dra,vstorsntoOAl wilfn,undes sthke newpro. tral ra l the biGeatacmoain tterctmoeaecags N4J.O4ICEAto MAILWAV and STE tAMBoAT WLELL late of Long's Hotel, New Bond-sreet, and the Lordon Hote Albemarle treet) begs to a Iquaint the nbllhty, gentr and the publio genemay. tbat he hvA R3LINQVUItEED his Is I MBTST In the above OTLS, in order to onfunebimself to tho wine and bpirit trade at Wis offices and cella as above. Paies secking to replenish thelr setck at this fetve rseon ot the year will find at the above coelars evervtbing that can be desired at moderate pDom-Counting.house, 4, Shifford-erreet. r0io LOVERS of FISH and PUNCH. -RICHAR 1 T EPEILLIPS' (ate SImpson's) oelebrated FISH ORDINARY, Thbree Tuns Tavern, Btlngsgawmarket, Diane of aWlar igeseao, ant inentS. &a., at I nd 4 o'clock pnctually, is. Cd. per bead. rRya'lE SULTAN' VA-POUR BATH, In Turkey.- aHEoT PEDILVIrUX, fragrant vapour, perfmed showee, with siesta to followv, 5. eoch.-lu, angyll-olace. Regenttreet. ad 4 New Broad-utreet, itY. Wanr baith or ladl mile, and gentlemen. Yl tor a guinea: ttoket transferable. Wam batha sent out within 10 il"es ot London. )R URCHES, houses, schoo sheds, &., entrely V ef IRO'q, or Wood and Iron, the Iron alnantres or paintd Three strutures are soon ereeteJ or removed, y durable and not Satuces on leasebold property Plas ndet'nalsbyTOPPER and (O., galvanre7d iron mercnt 1, Molgaesteet, dty, and Sir mainwam. r 3( SItiP OWNERSand BUILDRERs_.-Wx- J. O]BESTET a.' Co., 40 to 42, Upper Est Smtilhfled mrnfnS> torers oi A.PPARTUS for DISSTII8 SAll WA(rEIt into P9,1Sll, febearhaSb for ateamers, ships, and yachts. manufactorern of psttent nec Illatora and sir piper for ships, Ac. Merchants and the trade eu pylled. A largestk of ship.' ionrungery always on hend eAMILIES REMOVING.-EMOVALS under. F tahen iltown an ountry by tlme e contra In oVere van with exnwriened men. Mats nd cas for roving ent ftree Pa" ticolwaa tthe BIDyOiD PANSTEUIOON 194 TOPeAWMI-oort, Vrca. mitre, . ware oued ad pcked ior rlway or shiment INERALISEDINDIABUBBEiHQSE PIPES, . frerewers, agriuiturai, cho, prden, and other p ImproTed Anglo.Americda flexiblee am palcking minerali'd .ud1 r'blwer ients. washers, As.; tubint and mll banda for engineers-W. WARNE and Cae 9, G:esbmatreet west, B.C, sole mmnufatures T° ARTISTS.-A gentleman has instructed me to T ofe 60 uiea fo thebatPiNTN of that beautital STOItYf JESS BROWN"The R Leofcknow." The printto e ehIbtedst heg~levy Pal-mllsuet, on the let of MlAY. toEr Jarurs fead.ZPdsteeme. Appl by N. 00Esurrsi a geste phslmln, pblised nLo Pa's Pritt paper, under the dal cI Calcutta, Oct. 8 B17C0KB COUNTY ELECTION.-Mr. Cqv(xldjah a .-A CommutteeR,1om'S Albiou HotL OoCkIDUyettGet. Chaoisg.cro. APOLt, haviag been demanded, the rfrenda of hir. CAVNINDISH~ the LPUerui candlate Are Informed that the Poll wll take pLS e 5cn Faturday next, the 26th lnttant to oommenee at B O'clcook in the orning. an1 will iinaly clo at tovOCk Ot the ame day. EVOery 10fOr"aIon nato reachig the POl may be obtained by the dreted and rpportetr of Ar. Cavendisih at the Corumittee Rooam, Altdou t4ntet. Cook pir-ittret, where the CommDittee fit daily. Cay. btween tble h4ury oWddt. the ano oS halx.nds oan dbe Cared to b His aulore teaoneont req1ste taoel aud alon earl the woillben S.turd by et,o the 26h uent.o evEnhWls,ecpeoee bThe pol antio thomBank ot Newoos n dout ally clneat 6 aoclpoo on thasto day. Fan OPD ms elttt ecea a o smeidatlon the louSrbattor s for conveying votern from thence to George lieotl, Ayleobtv, fDec. 23. ,1857. 3a52~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~3 ~~ 0NT.IEBE~~~N T TUJE S0fI th-at T IA EAR on Deber ND, Sesson ., et.. ,nd extonI., we 9 wl be PAID.ah coutngoruafer the ;oflrathe ?anagk. La5tetltbeCouponistobe On Bauday ofJanir lD8 t te ffc ofID ohn PiaOUGHons anMe.,8 ChlDDehdi, for E'req,amination t. nnend foms mayzwbe ob White LiOn.couet. CrershWll £3STOOic, renlee pon%bmest be -Te leftYEthre cerdIIforexD, am and forou for opwbixmg thnaeso.memP ybedt or palybh-g TIEA.TRP: ROYA1,, HAYMARPBT Oa enS by th (lscroent of NRe8w': tOn thL alesi exetthOcene Mr.bl trihese. a3m eet. lbteUno bA An imato r Inte rst a nd so} n amy stbe l eft theeclear ay oreton e. amInatin, and Oosmm oro gspein th7 aema.ehdonapy for them. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ h spNflFar THEATRE ROYAl4 HAD1HEH. Unde th Sinagmen efHr.Macdame.Clse I, Me F. Rb30n nd r.S. Emd en. On Saturday Evening, TEID THE PLOQUEEN: byr. Addison Chippend l Wm t . Fatren. Compto e.; Metitled THEi DOGE OF DIEAUTY IJNs J r:r.theE }ORl) or : Harleinre. F. Robeso, G. Cookei Emdenm s BLE w tumenHugbes, Ife7rbeit Mmt Commence at 7. _________at _______ __ RlOYAL LYOEUAM TH&TE dolLflse n Maagr. r hstesDMion. THEATE ROAL, DELPAHLEMD roprietor, tb Be aebnder- Diree,Madame Hareqtui andete. Mr. WrIght antDed Mesne Otte, With te CharleemDillor, Lna anC d mMnsea r-tr. William Cooke. M Lessees tMe gra, F miltryuectcad W o. TEmdTenM, AN SAPTURda Evenn, TLHETRA edbY QUEE st.tAddiso Introduoirg the Elnih and tcrelgn eates. Foncludong Cookea TO CORRESP01MEMl Wende rtanno CrikeOLto retu. nmejected commanicat?. arThe publication of Tmx TDAsa oomranoed at S o'lolok yetray morlLnge and faniahed at Mr Ciautes to D. Loo ~ hoe i...L ol. A.e _hch _ A OOH n
LONDON, THURSDAY, DEZCEMBXR 24, 157. Beat among the good news which has of late arrived from India is that which we publish to-day. Lucknow was relieved about the 20th of November, and the women and children and wounded safely sent back to Cawnpore. The series of operations which has ended with this happy resu t will be easily understood by those who have followed the narrative of events as transmitted by former mails. It will be remembered that Sir CornW CAsMPELL left Cawnpore on the 8th, with a force which has been variously estimated at from 1,500 to nearly 5,000 men. In the meantime the column under Colonel Gsr had reached the Alumbagh. This force was also differently calculated by different authorities; but if the estimate of the whole strength at present under the Commander-in-Chief be anything like correct, the column must have been swelled by some additional force until it numbered far more than the 1,800 which was at first assigned to it. Sir Coi.N CA.TPBn joined the force at the Alumbagh on the 1th, and two days afterwards active operations began. From the despatch of General HAvEmocK, detailing the events of his enxtrance in September, we may form some notion of the difficulties which the British Commancder had to encounter nearly two months after, when the enemy had been enlightened on our tactics, had discovered the weak points of their own position, and had had time to tbrow up works at every place against which an attack might be directed. It seems fortunate that the Alumbagh was occupied by us, or else the river, some miles to the south of the town, might have been once more guarded, the bridge broken down, and our troops subjected to much loss while crossing under a heavy fire. But, as it is, we have no doubt that the line of the canal was defended, the road broken up, and the part of the town near the KnoG's Palace, where HAvELocK forced an entrance, put into a better condition for resi3ting an enemy. It is not to be wondered at, therefore, that for six days there was, according to the telegram, a series of severe and bloody struggles with the enemy. Doubtles, too, the mutineers had improved their method of street ipghting, and that much of our loss took place while the troops were making their way through the straggling town, which, though not solid enough to resist the fire of artillery, might well shelter hordes of Sepoys, who would shoot down our soldiers at every turn. Another despatch states, that Lucknow was relieved with a loss of only four officers and 40 men,-a piece of news which we can hardly reconcile vith the account of a " series of seyere and " bloody struggles" extending over six days. However, it is of little use to speculate as to matters which we shall learn in full detail in the course of a few days. By the 2lst the principal posts of the Sepoys had been captured, and we may presume that they were finally driven from the capital of Oude into the open country, there to be followed up as soon as possible by our energetic Commander-in-Chief. The despatch says that on the 20th the sick and wounded, with the ladies and children, were sent back to Cawnpore. We may presume, therefore, that the IResideroy had been reached on the 19th, as stateL in our own telegram. " No news is good news;" it would seem, then, that the principal officers were found in good health, and that General Oumxr's wound, of which so much was said, had not prove I serious. We cannot but congratulate the country once more on the deliverance of the heroic band, which had since the end of May been immured in the midst of a hostile city, and exposed to the attacks of the whole power of the mutineers. Never in recent times has there been a defence more astonishing than that of Lucknow, if we consider the small number of the garrison, the surprise of the sudden outbreak, the great proportion of helpless women and children, the wealness of the fortifications, which were, merely such as could be adapted to the defence of a simple dwellinghouse, and the (lifficulty of procuring provisions in a country which was swept by the armed bands of the enemy. When the narrative of this siege shall be given to the world it will, we think, be found that among the many exploits which have made the name of England famous throughout the East, nothing has surpassed the stern courage and chivalrous devotion which have rescued so many families from a butchery as terrible as that of Cawnpore. If the Asiatic be not differently formed from the European, we may expect that the memory of the five months' defence of Lucknow will. perhaps more than any event of the year, force him to the conviction that it is not given to his race to overthrow the Power to which PBOVIDFNcF has, after so long a struggle, confirmed the dominion of the East. The Government telegram states the army under theCommander-in-Chief to amount to about 22,000 men. It is evident, however, that in this estimate there is some inaccuracy. It is either an error of the telegraph for 12,000, or it must include tho whole body of troops which are on their way up the country. Even 12,000 would seem a large number, considering the difficulty of transport, and the fact that the highest estimate on the arrival of the last mail was only 10,000 or 11,000, including the liberated garrison of Lucknow, and that in the six days' fighting this force must have been seriously diminished. However, as it is expressly stated that large mases of European troops were reaching India weekly, we may, without being over-sanguine, believe that upwards of 20,000 men are at least on their way to Lucknow. The lack of steamers on the Ganges and the necessity of sending every man by a bulloclk-cart must, of course, make the process of transport long and wearisome; but, as we may presume that in six months the Government has had time to organize a fair system of communicateon, it is likely that reinforcements would reach Sir C. CAMPBELL in time for him to give a good account of the Oude rebels before the end of the year. At least, the country is delivered from all anxiety on the subject. The Indian Miutiny is now at an end. On all sides we hear of nothing but the defeat and dispersion of the rebels. Nusseerabad, in the isolated British district of Ajmeer, has been relieved by Brigadier STErUART, in command of the Malwa field force, the enemy from the southern districts about Neemuch and Mundesore have been dispersed, and Malwa is being cleared of insurgents. Thuswe hope that thewhole Mahratta country will at once be reduced to tranquillity. The Gwalior Contingent has been already beaten, and, though a part has penetrated to Oude, a large number of the men have probably dispersed to their homes. The insurrection was at the date of the last mail active only in Rohilcund and Oude, and we have now the gratifying intelligence that the flying columns under Brigadier SHOWERS, Colonel COTTON, and Colonel TIDDEL are scouring Rohilcund, complete success attending their operations everywhere. It is almost certain, then, that at the present moment the insurrection, if it still exists at all, is confined entirely to the lately annexed province of Oude, a country which, though thickly inhabited, is of limited extent and wholly surrounded by our own arnies and those of the Prince of NEPFAur, who has shown himself our steady ally. JUNG BAHADOOR has already done good service duing the war, and there is little doubt that if the Seroys retre:t northward they will be attacked and cut to pieces by the forces under his command. Such, then, is the position of the Indian Mutiny within six months of the day that it first broke out and carried terror through the country. On every point the rebels have been met, defeated, and dispersed. The Lower Provinces, on the one side, are perfectly tranquil. On the other, the Punjab, Delhi, Agra, and Rohilound are firmly subjected to o,7r authority. To the South the turbulent districts of Central India are settling down umder the British Residents and the Mahratta Rajehs, whose fidelity has been so exemplary; and on the North the Nepaulese Prince is preparing to cnrsh every band which may make its way to bis frontier. The whole treacherous Sepoy army is as it were jn a trap, and must in a few weeks be cut to pieces or submit to our mercy. The towns anid petty villages will give but little shelter to the rufflans who could not hold Delhi and Agra, Cavwnpore and Lucknow. The task of Sir CoLw CAMPBEL is now comparatively easy. With a sufficient force he may march from one end of Oude to the other in a month, scattering the mutineers wherever they may attempt to make a stand. In fact, the large army which has by this time arrived in India will hardly find an enemy to contend vith, and the 5,000 men which the Chinese Expedition lent us may be ioon returned with interest. So ends the great Indian Mutiny of 1857-the terrible outbreak which was to shatter the power of Britain and send her begging for foreign asstance at the price of Gibraltar and Corfu. The lesson will hardly be forgotten by ourselves or by the nations around us.
The simple explanation of the Mormoa question given by the PRESIDENT of the United States in his M zsage to Congress shows at once the position of the Supreme Government, the resolution of the rebel community, and the propoxtions which the embarraSament is likely to acquire. The contest now impending is in many respects a remarkable one. It represents an insurrection, theoretically treasonable, of a single city against the powerful Union of which it forms a part; it is baed upon maxims, however atrocioualy caricatured, of religiouis liberty, and it involves the fortunes, and perhaps the lives, of many of our own countrymen, who have been drawn from their homaes into the great deserts of Utah by this monstrous delusion. There can be no obscurity about the question of right, nor, indeed, about that of raight; but the unparalleled cbaracter of the Mormon settlement may still create difficulties of no common kind. The "territory" of Utah is a very considerable one, greatly exceeding in dimenaions Ohio, Tennessee, and Kentucky all takentogether. Inthe ordinary course of things it would not have been colonizedc for some time to come, for the vast districts of Kansas, still unpopulated, lie between it and the nearest settled State. The Mormons, however, had objects of their own, and, instead of occupying the frsb vacant lands in their west ard route, like other settlers, they purposely removed themselves to the greatest possible distance from the frontier of civiLization. To this proceeding no objection was made, and they carried accordingly their rites and institutions beyond the chain of the Rocky Mounta'ns to the ban-s of the Great Salt Lake. At this spot they built their city, and the whole territory, which is still, with little exception, in the possession of roving Indias, was placed under the superintendence of United States' officers, a^^ording to appointed forms. The Supreme Government depuited a territorial Governor, a Secretary, three Judges, a Marshal, and a district AttorneyGeneral, to represent its authority; and under this authority the Mormons, like all other colonists of the territory, were bound to live. The land wr,a not theirs, it belonged to the Union; nor did their independence embrace more than their own domestic instituitions. It - happens that the Governor appointed by the PnxSIDmT is also the head of the Mormontheocracy. BnIGn-A-v YOUNG unites in bis own person the supremacy ascribed to him by his deluded followers and the authority delegated by the Federal Government; but the latter commission, which alone gives him any cognizable power, is revocable at any time. It was natural enough to invest with the authority de jure in these parts the only person who could exercise it de faGcto; but the arrangement was purely discretional, and any President of the United States could, with the consent of the Senate, send a new Governor to rule over the territory of Utah. These conditions of Government were not satis. factory to the Mormon chief; indeed, anything short of entire absolutism was inconsitent with his claims and position as spiritual head of the community. A man pretending to govern not simply by Divine right, but by Divine inspiration, and asserting that his own edicts represpnted the immediate will of the ALIaGnTY, could not be submissive to Judges and Mrahals, or bow to the decisions of a secular court. It was clear, moreover, that if the exclusive claims of the Mormons in Utah were ever surrendered,and the territorypeopled by independent settlers, their advantages would vanish at once, and their dominant theocracy dwindle into the insignificance of an isolated congregation. Mormonisnm, in fact, was incompatible with the political subordiniation which the occupation of an American territory assumed, and when the obscurity contemplated by these fanatics in their retreat to the Salt Lake became partially dispelled through the overland migrations to Californiatheelements of conflict were soon apparent. The present result of the struggle rmay be gathered from 3Ir. BucHANAN's remark, that "all the officers of the United "States, judicial and executive, with the single " exception of two Indian agents, have found it "necessary for their personal safety to withdraw "from the territory, and there no longer remains "any government in IUtah but the despotism of " BRIGC5I YOGw." Nothing canbe plainer than thatthe claimto independence on the part of the Mormon rulers is u-terly without warrant, and that the measures taken by the Supreme Government for the restoration of its authority are entirely in accordance with justice. Every square yard of the Utah territory, including the Salt Lake City itself, pertains, not to the Mormon congregations, but to the United States, and it is perfectly competent to the United States' Government to maintain its jurisdiction by officers of its own appointment from time to time. Bnio.A aD YouNG, in the proclamation by which he opposes the expedition sent to Utah, bases his proceedings on his authority as Governor of the territory, but the order has gone out to supersede him, his successor is appointed, and in default of his commission from Washington he remains without any more political jurisdiction in the territory of Utah than is possessed by the poorest member of his congregation. The question, as MIr. BucHrrfr observes, is altogether independent of MIormon doctrines. The authority of the Supreme Government, as represented by its own officers, has been defied and aubverted in its own territories, and must therefore be restored. We have received from other sources information which enables us to depict the position of the expeditionary army which vas despatched some months ago on its toilsome journey. The difficulties of the route itself have been successfuUy surmounted, and a division of the force, including the 5th Regiment of Infantry, eight companies of the 10th, and two batteries of Artillery, had arrived within about 150 miles of the Mormon city. At this point, however, the officer in command was served with a notice from BnIGTtm YOUwG forbidding him to advance and directing him to retire. By way of giving force to these injunctions the Mormons intercepted a train coming up with supplies, and destroyed the convoy, but beyond this hostilities had not proceeded. It was the intention of the United States' commander to pierce, if possible, to the valley of the Bear River -a stream falling into the Great Salt Lake, and there establish himself in the villages till the return of spring opened a short and easy road into the city. If his force proved insufficient for this operation, he contemplated retiring in a north-east direction to the valleys of the Wind River Mountains-a portion of the Great Rocky Chain-where he could maintain himself in security and plenty until circumstances enabled him to renew his advance. Except that it is impossible, as events elsewhere have taught us, to calculate on the impulses of fanatical passion, we should not be disposed to expect much bloodshed from this extraordinary war. The charge of rebellion will probably not be pushed home against the Mormons, nor do the Mormons at present evince much inclination for a life or death battle. Mr. BucmA?1x, it will be seen, adopts a tone of compasion lather than indignation, and speaks of the Mormons as friends instead of enemies. BRioHa_v YOtcG in his notice freely offers to supply the invading troops with necessaries, providing they limit their movements according to his injunctions; and he cannot be ignorant, notwithstanding his presumption, that his ultimate success against the Government of the Union is an utter impossibility. The danger consists in the chances of sanguinary collision between the forces now confronting each other in the territory. We have seen it estimated or conjectured that BnIonLM YOUNG could bring into the field 20,000 desperate combatants; but, although the proportion of fighting men in a community like this would be unusually great, we believe this computation is excessive. At a census in 1853 the entire population of the territory was but 18,200, and it is hardly probable that it can have been so rapidly increased during the interval as to turn out in 1857 more than that number of adult males. The Indians, bowever, of the territory amount to some 12,000, and it is anticipated that BRIGHAM Yov?caG wil have these auxiiaries at his disposal. The numbers of the United States' force actually on the spot at the latest advices would probably fall short of 2,000, but these are well armed, organized, and disciplined, whereas it is hardly to be expected that the Mormons can display much beyond individual resolution. Still, the Supreme Government is now at its weakest, and, if The expedition advances, BRIGHAM YOUNG may possibly find himself the stronger for the time. We should incline, however, to the supposition that he will yield to necessity, and conduct his congregation, as he easily can, through one more flight. It has been thought that the MIormons might move into the Russian territory, and settle themselves at the very extremity of the continent, on the brink of those mysterious straits which divide America from Asia, or that they might find in the northern provinces of Mexico a field for colonization under a Government unlikely to interfere with them. A migration is, upon the whole, the most probable termination of the conflict, and we can only hope that it may be decided upon before the miserable dupes of this degrading superstition have been dragged by their leaders into the palpable calamities of war.
Among the Christmas accounts made up and produced for the present season is one which may be looked upon with great interest, and, up to a certain point, with some satisfaction. It is an account which tells even more directly than the Trade Returns, and more distinctly than the reports of the Registrar-General, how far the great masses of the people are in the enjoymnent of competence after their respective needs. The statistics of pauperism constitute the barometer of popular suffering-the gauge of our true prosperity-the measure of our national welldoing. When paupers increase in numbers things must be somehow going -wrong; when they dirminish we require no further evidence to aEsure us that work of some sort must be plentiful, food cheap, or wages good. We have now the returns on this subject officially certified up to the end of October last, and embracing all the four weeks of that month. The month, it wiU be easily understood, was a critical one, for it was the first in a quarter distinguished by commercial catastrophes of a most serious kind. We shall not perplex our readers with arrays of figures, but shall confine ourselves to the general resuilts of a comparison between October, 1850, and October, 1857. For the first week of the month the contrast was in favour of the present year; for the second it was %ak. so, and in a greater degree; for the third week also the balance was stiU on this side, but to a diminished extent, and at length in the fourth week it turned the other way, though by a very small difference indeed. However, we do not I attempt to dissemble the fact that pauperism and suffering began at this point to increase, nor can we doubt that a comparison of the two Deeembers would tell still more against 1857. Nevertheless the tables before us give plain indications of the local, and as we sincerely trust temporary, character of the affliction, and circunstances unusually favourable may be expected to mitigate the results. For the purposes of these returns the kingdom (exclusive of Scotland and Irelaud) is distribated into 11 divisions, which are sufficiently described by the denominations they bear. The amount of population in these divisions varies considerably, keing nearly 2,500,000 in the North-Western (the great manufacturing area) and below 1,000,000 in the Northern (Durham, Northumberland, Curaberland, and Westmoreland). The metropolis and the West MIidland contain each above 2,000,000; all the others less than 2,000,000, but more than 1,000,000. The usual number of paupers relieved in a division runs from 40,000 to 80,000, one instance only being found in which the sum exceeds 100,000. This is the South-Western Division (Wilts, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset), a district which, though the largest but one in superficial area, has not a proportionate density of populat-on. For the rest we may observe, that among the inhabitants of the metropolis artisans preponderate among those of the West M1idland, the Northern and. Welsh divisions, miners are conspicuous; among those of the North-Western and York, manufacturing hands; and in the others agricultural labourers. Every week in the month, from first to last, the metropolis, the South-Eastern, and the South Midland presented an increase of pauperism over the corresponding period of 1856. Every week, on the other hand, the Eastern, Soutk-Western, and West Midland tivisions presented a decrease, although there appears nothing in the relative positions of these constituencies to explain the contrast. These two aggregates, however, served to balance each other, the difference being in favour of the decrease; it was not until the manufacturing interests began to suffer from financial pressure that the scale turned against us. The North-Western showed. an augmentation of pauperism in the first week of the month, and this became larger and larger to the last. York also exbibited a similar tendency, though here there was such a balance of advantage to start with that the account was always on the right side. In the first week there was a very considerable decrease, in the last a very inconsiderable one, but a decrease still. When we use these terms, however, we do so by comparison only, the actual figures, considering the masses of population dealt with, being everywhere small. The North-Western division contains 2,475,855 inhabitants-in fact, many more, for in this, as in the other cases, we are reckoning by the census of 1851. Of these upwards of 21 per cent. are engaged in manufactures, and yet the iricrease of pauperism, even in the last week of the month, was but 4,399. In the York division the ultimate difference between this year and last was represented by 4, and on the grand total it was only by 614 that the county at the end of October, 1857, was worse off than at the same period of 1856. Still, there is no doubt but that since that time the numbers have risen terribly against us, but the alleviation of the distress has been truly providential. Hitherto, winter, with all its inclemencies and its trials, its pinchings at home and its frosts out of doors, has been entirely escaped. The season has been as mild as spring-milder, indeed, than many springs-and out-door work could be carried on as uninterruptedly as in April or September. We were blessed with a bountiful harvest, and, while little fuel has been needed, food has been obtainable at a reasonable charge. Altogether, it is scarcely possible that a Christmas could be attended with more favourable conditions in mitigation of popular suffering. To these considerations we may add, that the increase of the Army and the embodiment of several regiments of the Militia have provided a certain amount of employment for those whose occupations may have ceased with the harvest, or been interrupted by the suspense of manufacture. The monetary convulsion, too, appears now to have spent itself, and with the retarn of confidence we may hope for a return of sound enterprise, wholesome trade, and remunerative labour. We cannot quit this subject without somae remarks on a question which, since the beginning of the commercial distress, has been more than once touched upon in our pages. The theory of our present Poor Law avowedly involves what is called a " test,"-that is to say, the bestowal of the relief to which the reaUy indigent are entitled by the laws of the land is coupled with conditions expressly devised to make it unpalatable, and to insure that it shal be asked for only in the last emergency. Without entering afresh upon this theory itself, we may observe, as an evident matter of fact, that the principle must be in danger of gross misapplication at any period of general sufiering. In ordinary seasons it is assumed that a man has no business, at first sight, to come on the parish for support-that his so doing involves something to be explained, and something to be certified; but in seasons like the present such an assumption is preposterous. It is perfectly well known in this or that district that such and such mils have stopped work, or are working only half time, and it is a notorious consequence that the hundreds or thousands of men, women, and chilclren who derived their daily sustenance from these establishments have lost their means of living without any greater fault on their own part than would be implied by any bodily sickness or infirmity. Under such circumstances the workhous " test" becomes a cruel mockery. It is something worse than an absurdity to call public meetings for charitable efforts, to recognize the pressure of the crisis in formal resolutions, to applaud the behaviour of the poor imder calamity and privation, and then to make the acceptance of legal relief dependent on the same tests as would be applied to detect criminal idleness or worthless vagabondage. On such occasions-occasions, be it remembered, about which there can never be any mistake, relief ought to take its more natural and becoming form, and the tests in question might be discarded, if not as inhuman, at any rate as superfluous.
A case was reported in onr Police Intelligence of yesterday which calls for some littlo notice, as lb would appear from the facts stated that a very respectable man ruls some little risk of being run down simply because he has discharged hi- dllty. WVe knowr absolately nothing of the parties tr, the case, an-d nothing of the case itself beyond, what is contained in the police report ; but, as it -was upon the evidence adduced ttaat the Lonx MIAYOR founded his decisio. 'vwe can scarcely go astray in assming tVdat al1 is known that can be lknown about the r natter. The Rev. E. J. MIAY, Head Master of the Brewers' Ciompany's School on Tower-hill, v as summOned before the LoRD MAYOR to answey a charge preferred amainst him of havingonl aswfully assaultel and beaten one of the sehoo3h oys. The lad in queStion is the son of Mlr. 'Gt,oSSSijrH, of the Three Twis rimn j.ewry-str .eet. It appeared that the boy had been habitually late in his attendance at school, and that Mr. P&Y had over and over again complained to his parents upon the subject. His remonstrances availed nothing. On Friday last the boy was sent to school about halfpast 3 o'clock, with a note from his mother to MIr. M&Y, which ran as follows:- Sir,-I have kept my son at home for a few hon-m, re. qtiing him particuiarly. ". 3 GROSBMlTH." With this precious note of apology Jomw GBossmrrm made his appearance. Mr. ?&Y read the note, and desired the lad to go to his place and proceed with his studies. The account of what followed shall be given in the boy's own words --" I made an attempt to rum out of "school, because my mother had told me to come "home." Nothing of this was mentioned in her note. " I had no other reason. I went "towards the door with the intention of "leaving the school, and I was followed by Mr. "CATTBRrIo0I, one of the other masters, who "brought me back into the school. * * * "There was a scuffle between Mr. CATLERMOLB " and me when he stopped me." Now, for these accumulated offences against school discipline, with the slightadditionof gross insolence toAMr. MAhimself, that gentleman gave the boy a severe caning, Vhich he had most richly and thoroughly earned. The boy's account was, that after he had thus got his deserls " he felt a little difficulty in going "home. He saw his mother, who sent for a "doctor." The doctor counted 20 severe contusions on the boy's legs, and told him to go to bed. He thought that "the marks of the caning would " probably last a week or ten days." Unless our memory deceives us, the marks of a flogging at Eton or Winchester used to last a much longer period, and no such soothing remedy as a warm bed was ever prescribed for them. We can have no kind of hesitation in sayingf that the offences of which the boy had been gailty would have been punished by expulsion, and we think rightly so, from any high clas public school in England. His sympathizing Mnimma, however, appears to have been of a different opinion, and the matter was turned into a police case. The LosD MAYOn, instead of dismissing the frivolous complaint, as he should have done, has sent it to the Quarter Sessions, as if it were some heinous crime or offence with which it was beyond his power to deal. The decizion was most unadvised, not only as unjustifiable upon the facts which were adduced in evidence, but as one which is ealculated to lower the authority of masters over their scholars in every educational establishment throughout the kingdom. We ean have no doubt that the Grand Jury will refuse to find a bill against Mr. MmA at the Quarter Sessions; but how is the discipline of our schools to be maintained if every time that a master finds it necessary to inflict punisbment upon a truant or other young pickle he is to be dragged before a ecminal court, and his name bandied about in men's mouths as though he were a monster of cruelty ?
COURT CIBOULA 4. WINDSOR, DEc. 23. The Princess Royal and Princess Alice took a carriage drive yesterday afternoon. In the evering her Royal Highues the Duchess of Rent, attended by Lady Anna MarDawson and Lady Augusta Brace, dined with Her Majesty. The Earl of Clarendon, Lady Caroline Barrington, and Lientenant-Colonel the Hon. J. SItrange Jocelyn, Scots Fasileer Gawrds, had the honour of being included in the Royal dinner party. The Qaeen, with the Princess Royal, drove out this morning. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort accotnpanied Her Majesty on horseback. Major-General the Lion. Charles Grey and Captain da PbPt were in at- tendance. The Earl of Clarendon left the CasUe In the forenoon. On Friday and Saturday Jn the past, and on Monday and Tuesday in the current week Her Majesty's Royal boanty and gate alms were distributed to the customary number of aged and meritorloux poor who had been previounly recommended by the clergymen of the various parishes and districta in London and its vicinity. The distributions were suade under the direction of the Lord Bishop of Oxford, Lord High Almoner; the Rev. Dr. Jelf, Sub-Almoner; by Joseph Hanby, Eaq., Secretary; and the Yeoman of the Royal Almonry in ordinary.
TBi CEaIBTsAS HOI.YDAYS.-The arrangement to observe Saturday (St. Stephen's day) as a close holyday, in order to allow A cessation of buainews for three clear days, has at length been generally agreed to throughout Englansd, to the great satisfaction of all persons concerned. In the metropolis the shop give abundaNt evidence of theapproxomation of the most festive season by their tempting display of provisions of all sorts, from Norfolk turkeys down to raw chestnuts, and afford ample proof of the assertion of the old English writer on Christmas castoms, that "in 12 days people will not be fed with a little." The thorou-hfares of leadanhll-markit, as usaal, are almcost blocked up by the conoourse of visitors and purchasers. DiTc CauRcs.-The new parish church of Datchet was opened for Divine serviceon the 22dinst. bytho lord Bihop of Oxford. The original church, a most inconvenient an dilapidateA structure, and very deficient in accommodation, especially for the poor, was pulled down, with the exception of the tower, chancel, and pasr of the north walL A south aile has been added, and tho church leDgthened towards the west. The work is of the best and most substantial character in the decorated style, and includes a pulpit, reading desk, oommunion table nnd rails, in massive carved oak, and a font of veined alabaster. The cost will be 2,4001. Two stained windows for the chancel have been given, and the flooring within te rails is to be laid with Minton's encaustio ties. The funds are being raised entirely by voluntary subscription, and there was a deficiency of about 4001. The servioe for opening the church was attended by a I:" body of clergy and laity, including the Hon. and Very Rev, the Deun of Windsor, the Rev. Lord Wriotbesley -tussall anid tbe Rev. William Canning, canons of St. Geome's Chapel, Windsor; the lBeos. 1. J. E31ison, C. Ivhately, A. Douglas, J. Miller, W. Ward, S. Hawtrey, L ElHavtrsy, &c. Dr. Elvey and the choir of St. George's Chapoel attended and performed choral aer-sioe. MIs R. Brandon was the architect; sud Messrs. DoTe, of Biangton, contractors of the building. Amonu the contrl1btions were1001. from Hier Majesty the Qucrn, 10L from her Royal Highness the Duchte.s of Bent J0. from the Duke o4 of Buccleuch, ifiO. from the iDean a&nd, 0inons of St. George's Chapel, WVindsor, patrons of 'cho living, in ad; the chapter. f tions frornsvaral membersof Surr}osrn MDcrs-A. few dayn ag some culars were given in 7Tk Timo respectig he dscov of someremsins at, Middton, Norfolk, which were tbongh to be those of Mr. John Bell, who &cappenrc1 from that place about eight years ago, and ho it is nc supposed was murdered. The ad ured inques> took place yesterday at Middleton, befr Mr. Wilin di trict coronsr. MAcy witnesses wr e-xamined, ht tbeir evidence mis. principly of a cc,sjhnl charWor, and nothing positive wa3 ascertained. A purse wta pteduced, which was Identa&d as having iorerly 'celon to Mr. Bell. k.witnea,, namned CoUliaan, deposed tinG while ah work rt, ?icldhte- h, wr^ WQAf L deal o2iecufflma and groaning aear tie place qere th re Inain% have been found, ank afterwards, ,hen Mr. Ball was xissed, fbe witness meWAoned tbe coustance bo tw% msOns, but nothing mole specifio &a,ve out of bhls 'W2Aesas te.tlinony. The CUroner, in snggesting a2 ad ioirnmett, reterred to ths statement made by C;sou, w ieh he ad was exceedi")y important and he balieved they wvere on the thres}oeM of a star)3ing inquly He wished it to be publicly known that am the tgum in r Be disappeared-and there Herld he no do that he hf . beer foully mn Ardered-bills had been iea offerig a remwrd of 220f. for the oonvlctioieof the gusatt perron or persons. e sheid cause those bs1s to be reissned, and a~o4rn the lia quiry for a fortnight. . THE CASE; 0F Th1IOAS P OxY.-M.r. ConinTrbafi P., hss receired from Sir George G3rey 2ord that Tmbomas Pooley, who wras sentenced at the Bodmoin summer assizee to one year and nine months' irnprisonment for the *Uleged offence ol blasphemy, has received a free pa7rdon, Sir G. Grey having advised Eer ?taiemty to thAt effect lr. Comngnhamn had presen ed to the Honis.oSice a memtorial CRYSTALI PAJACS.-ON SIltLI2G DAY, Wednes. day, Dec. 23.-Admjs2viors on pS'Ylent, 44~i dit,b seasouF tickets, 304; thtl visitors, 750,v ,x^u LOIWDON GaE'xu.E ())it'xBus OOBA-Y.-Traffio recelpts for the week endiDg Deeseaber 20,10,46 l-s 66
INDIA. THE RELIEF OF LUCKNOW. (BY SUBlAXIhE AND BRIT-ISH T=GUArH.) We have received the following telegram from 'bur own correspondent at Malta, dated Malta, 3)ec. 23, 4 a.a.:- " ALEXANDRIA, DEC. 19. "The telegraph announces the arrival at Suez ,of the Pekin, with dates from Bormbay to the 4th Ist. " SirColin Campbell joined the force at the Alumlbagh on the 11th. "On the 19th ult., after a series of severe struggles, the garrison of Lucknow was relieved. " On the following day the sick, wounded, 'women, and children were sent under escort to -Cawnpore. " The Malwa field force, under Brigadier Steuart, bas relieved Nusseerabad and disperred the Mehidpore rebels, and is cleating Mlalwa of insurgents. " The flying columns under Brigadier Showers scnd Colonel Cotton are scouring Rohilcund. "Reinforcements are poiuing into India, and all alarm for the garrisons and outposts has ceased. "Business in the import-market has been to a moderate extent. The money-mark-et is extremaely -light. "V ery little had been done in Government seeutities, quotations for whir.h are unaltered. "Freights had declined. "Exchange on London, 2s. 2gd. for credits. ID. C. KAY." This intelligence was received at Malta by the Coquette. " From another source we hear that the relief of lucknow was achieved with a loss of only four o,fficers killed and 40 wounded, and that Sir Colin Campbell's force amounts te 12,000. " the Abeona, 'with tlhe 94th Regiment, arrived -at Malta from Plymouth on the 20th, and left for Alexandria on the same day. " The mails for Australia arrived on the 21st, and left for Alexandria on the 22d. "The Desperate is under orders to relieve the Centaur at Naples." tThe tollowing appeared ln our third edition of yesterday:-] The following telegram was received at the Y'oreign-office on the 23d of December, at 11.15 azm., throulgh Lord Lyons, at Malta:- "A ALEXAlNRIA, DEC. 19. "The Pekln reached Suez this morning, bringing Bombay dates to the 4th of December, 1857. " Sir Colin Campbell, having reached Cawnpore on the 2d of November, joined the force at Alumbagh on the 21st [llth ?] "I On the 23d (13thh?) active operations commenced, and for the next six days there was a conataut series of severe and bloody struggles with the enemy. " On the 19th, their principal strongholds having Ieen captured, the beleaguered garrison was relieved. " On the 20th the sick and wounded, ladies and children, were sent back under an escort to Cawnpore. " The army under the Commander-in-Chief now amounts to about 22,000 men, amply sufficient to reduce Oude to entire subjection, a task which will occupy them for some months to come. "M lalwa field force, under Brigadier Stuart, has relieved Nusseerabad, dispersed the Efriahibpore and Mundesore rebels, and is now clearing Maiwa o-f the insurgents. "The flying columns under Brigadier Showers, -4Colonel Cotton, and Colonel Tiddel, are scouring Rohilcund, complete auccess attending their operations everywhere. "Large masses of Europeau troops are reaching India weekly, and we are [relieved ?] from all alarm for our garrisons and outposts, lately in much imminent periL " The Governor-General and the Governors of 2Madras and Bombay at the [seats] of Government. " The above message reached Malta by Her Majesty's ship Coquette; next mail on the 23d of December. "Lord LYONS."
THB CAPE MAILS. (BY ELECTRIC AND UTERNATIONAL TELEGRAPIL) SOUTHAbiPTON, WEflNESOMAY EVELN1G. The Dane, the first steamer despatched from England -under the new contraot, arrived at the Cape of Good Hope aud lauded hermails at noon on the 29th of October, i4aving ibeen 43 days 22 hours on the voyage out from Southampton. The last eight days she had to contend with a southo.est gale. The Dane wvould leave on her return with the homeward mails on the 1st of December, and is due in England on the 12th of January.
THE BisIrOP Or LoNDON AT BETHNAL-GREEN.- The Bishop of London again preached last evening within the densely populated parish of Bethnal-green to a congregation coEuprisig large numbers of the poor. The time of service was fixed forS o'clock, at whioehhourthechurch of St, Puter's was Sbronged by persons a considerable proportion of whom were evidently notregular uhnrchgoers,and of whom it might be doubted whether they ordinariy attended any place ef worship at al. Probably curiosity to see a bishop was a motive more powerful with many than the devotional feeling, but throughout the service all were most attentive a-id orderly. The Bishop selected as his text the 6th of Luke, 20th verse-" And he lilted up his eyes on his disciples, and said, Blessed be ye poor, for yours is the kingdom of God." These words, said his Lordship, must certainly be true, for they were the words of Christ himself, who was the sotxrce oi all truth; yet they sounded, when we first read them, 3a if they were not true. The theme to which the rTeacber applied himself was- "What was the peculiar le,sbig of being poor ?" This subjeot, one per hips of p'iullar dU'iculty In such an assembly, waS sklf'ullyand most feelingly illustrated by his Lordship in simple and earnest language, which went to the hearts of all present. - It is very well, you "UI say, for the rich to speak of the blesbigs of poverty. 'otbing is easier for a man who never 3knew wbhat bunger was, and who always had a full supply of the good things of this earth, to talk about the blessings of being poor." Tbus the Bishop adopted the most popular argument of the class he :.ddressed, and replied to it by dwelling upon the fact that his and their Lord nad chosen to hoe born among and to mix with the poor, and by potnting out that, as the poor could not look on their earthly homes with the same degree of satisfaction as the rich, their nlinds might be led to think more of a home which was in store for all God's people, and in which there -wuuld be perfect bappiness and perfect rest, so that an this way poverty might be a blessing. The con. egregaticn were reminded that their life here was but a passirg journey, which would be ended in a few years at the lotgest; that they were simply here like travellers stoppiDg ii an inn for s siDgle night; and that It might be -ery well for them to be placed in positions which were not Vpleasant in themeelves, but which might bring a real 3lessing vith them. A few remarks appropriate -o the closing year, and a refereace to the glorious news which had been diffused throughout the civy that 4svenitg, that onr countrymen and women in India had through God's great mercy been saved from tho perilous post. -ton in which they had so long been placed, concluded a mos4 impressive address. Prayers had been previously read by the Rev. J. G. Packer, M.A., incumbent of St. Peter's, and at the conclusion of the eervice the Bishop announced that the WednesdayeveninKservioes thus inaugurated by himself would be continued every week at the same hour, so za to enable the working slasses to attend. TuE LATH MAAJOR BItRTOX.-Mr. Vernon Smith, -the President of the Indih Board, has just shown his sy m-. pathy with the family of the late Major Burton by the offer of a cadeWsip to one of his rens.
AMERICA. (BY LxMftMa AWD INTERWATIONAL TRLxAI)H) SOU EIAMPTON, Tnu:RSDAY MORNING. The United States' mail steamer Falton, Captain MW. Otson, has arrived at Cowes, on her way from New York to HAvre, with advices to the 12th inst., being two days later. Tbe Fulton brougbt 60 passengers, $426,737 for England, $123,972 for Fiance, and 1,409 bags of wbeat for France. On the 13th, at 6 a.m., in !at. 40.35 N., long. 70.10 W., the Fulton passed a steamer, suppotsed to be the Europa, ateering to the vestward. On the 21st, at I p.m., in lat. 50.20 N., long. 20.5 W., signalled the American ship Saranac, steering to the eastward. Nothing of general interest occurred In either branch of Congress; on the 10th both Houses adjourned till the following Monday, in order to afford time for the presiding officers to make up the standing committees. The Senate, in executive session on the 10th, took up the nomination of General Denver as Secretary of Kantas, in place of Mr. Stanton, removed by the President. The debate, vhich occupied two hours and a half, was characterized by much warmth, and covered the Kansas question in all its aspects. The confirmation of Denver by a vote of 29 to 19 was looked upon as a test of the strength of parties in reference to the Kansas-Lecompton constitution, and the position of the President thereon. The vote was a strict party one-all the Democrats voting for confirming Denver, but Douglass, who left the hail. A caucus of Souithern Senators had been held to consider what should be done with regard to Judge Douglass, and it was understood that they agreed unanimously to read him out of the Democratic party. Several meetings of the Free State men of the territory had been held in Kansas. The latest was he!d at Lawrence on the 2d inst., and was largely attended. Resolutions were unanimously adopted, repudiating the Lecompton Constitution, pledging ceaselems hostility to it, denouncing the electlon to be held on the 21st inst. and 4th proximo, declaring that the Legislature elected on the 5th of October sbould not be suspended by any Constitution or State Government until a fair and impartial vote be had, endorsing the Topeka Constitution, andrequestiilg the Territorial Legidlature in their extra sesaion to frame an electoral law and submit the Topeka and Lecompton Constitutions to the people-the one receiving a major-ity of the legal votes to become the fundamental law of the State of Kansas. A resoluttion was also passed thanking Stanton for calling a special session of the Legislature. Colonel W. Turnbull, of the Topographical En. gineers, had died suddenly of disease of the heart at Washington. The banks of New York City had resumed specie payments. The Albany banks and most others throughout the State, and those of Boston and most of the I! ew England States, would, without doubt, resume at once. Before many weeks it was expected all the banks of the United States would again rank as specie-paying institutions. An official despatch from Colonel Johnston, com- I zanding the army of Utah, had been received by tche WarDepartment. The troops were to winter at Henry's Fork, on Green Rliver, until spring when the entire force will advance on Salt Lake (bity by the moBt direct route. The Colonel is of opinion that from the nature of the country a protracted guerilla war with the Mormons LS inevitable, unless a large force is sent against them. The force at present employed is entirely inadequate to meet the requirements of the contemplated campaign. A fortnight's news from Mexibo had been received in New York. The Government troops had defeated the revolutionists at Puebla and other points, and affairs generally had assumed a more encouraging aspect. The position of the hostile factions in Yucatan exhibited no change. Comonfort and the Superior Court were formally installed in office. It was rumoured at Washington that Governor Walker had precipitately fled to Kansas with the view of provoking his removal by the President. New York exchanges at 109i for 60 days, and 111 bills at sight. In the stock-market on the 1lth prices tended downwards, and there was a more active disposition to sell Sales of cotton embraced about 300 bales, without change in prices. Dealers are disposed to await the receipt of Europa's news. Flour was without change of moment in prices. Wheat steady, with a fair amount of saleo. Corn sold moderately at 77c. to 79c., for Western mixed, and at 60c. to 69c. for New Southern and Jersey. Rye 7&u. for Northern. Pork dull, with limited sales. At auction a sale of 160 hhds new crop New Orleans sugar obtained from 61c. to 8c., which was considered full rates. Coffte quiet. Freights firmer.
TO THE BDITOR OF THE TIMxS. Sir,-I am instruoted to 3nform you, for the informatlox of the public, tbat Mr. Francis WorreU SteTeca, of No. 5, Royal Excbange, who recently caused the unfortunate Mr. Ri Iby to be taken before the Lord Mayor on a oharge of r'bbery, is not, nor ever was, a member of the SBtock. ERxcnhnge. I amSi. tnnr hanvcf^ GEORGE LOVELESS, - | Comm teerome uDmmcttee. ICommittee-room, Stock-Exch ange, Dzec. 23.
RATING OF THE LriERPOoL Docms.-We understand that blr. Rees, the disktict auditor, has intimated to Mr. Churchwarden Woodruff that in his coming aud it he intends to surcharge the chitrchwardens and overeeers of this parish with the sum of about 20,0001. uncollected poorrates on ithe assersment of the Liverpool docks. Should the nuditor arry out his present intention, there will be nothing feft for the p&rocbhaj authorities but an appeal to the Courr of Queen's Bena in order to have it decided whether tbae, docks aro legally liahle to be rated to the relief of the poo . Should the C;rut decide that the docks are liable, the ratep~s ers -ill hV at once relieved of a burden to the exte*,; of at least Wd. in Vh- ponnd. Should it be decided that, as the law at p-,woni stands, there is no power to rate tb- ' dooks there a^l-:snsins the queslonwhether it is destrabhttv apply 'aa.lASniankent for an act for rating tho dot * estahto, the t'tA-!P the poor.-Liverpqool Mrcury.
MONBY-M£ARKBTatUZCITYINTELLIGUNCE. Wednesday Evening. The funds have been very steady to-day at the reeent advance, and on recelpt of the news of the relief of Lucknow, and the impending subjugation of the entire province of Oude, there was a tendency to further improvement. Consols for the opening, which left off yesterday at 93, ranged throughout the morning between 93 and 93j, and the final quotation was 93 to J. Loans on Government securities were offered at 4 per cent., and there was little demand for them even at that rate. At the Bank of England the applications were few and unimportant, and the expectation has become rather stronger that the expected reduction in the rate of discount will take place to-morrow, instead of being deferred till the 31st inst. Bank Stock left off at 217 to 2181r; Reduced, 93 to i-; New Three per Cents., 93i to Ji; India Bonds, 30s. to 20s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 4s. discount to par. Saturday next will be generally kept as a holyday in the city. The Bank of England have intimated their desire to promote the arrangement, and the attendance at that establishment will merely be such as may be necessary for the cash department. The Stock-Exchange will be entirely closed. The foreign stock-market continues active, and prices generally are firmly maintained. Venezuelan Deferred were slightly higher. Turkish was dull during the day, and closed without alteration. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 97 ; Granada Deferred, 51; Mexican, 19i; for the account, 19k, i, and 4; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., for the account, 76i; Portuguese, 45; for the account, 44 ; Russian Five per Cents., 106g and J; ditto, Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 98; ditto, Small, 98; Sardinian, for the account, 85i; Sp sh Deferred, 26; TurkiBh Six per Cents., 95O and i; for the account, 951 and A; Venezuelan Four-and-Three- Quarter per Cents., for the accolnt, 29k; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, 64k, 64, and G4. The corn-market this morning was without alteration. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. G0c. for money, and 67f. 95c. for the end of the month, showing in the latter case an advance of nearly a quarter per cent. About 180,0001. of bar gold was taken to the Bank to-day, and 60,000 sovereigns. Some further large parcels of sovereigns are expected from Ireland, and the Fulton, from New York, to-morrow will, it is thought, bring about l 00,0001. It is understood that the various London jointstock banks have lowered their rate of discount today for the best paper to 8 per cent. Trading by fictitious or doubtful bills having been the cause of all our recent commercial trouble, and the fact being proved that these bills are called into existence by the demand of the joint-stock banks for some mode of employing the enormous deposits which by offering the security of the unlimited liability of their shareholders they attract from all quarters, it is easy to see that the question whether we are to have in a few years in a repetition of the evil depends entirely on the continuance of the existing law. The repute of the Western of Scotland, the Liverpool Borongh, and the Northumberland and Durham District Banks had been doubtful for years, and every one knows that if their credit had simply depended on the character of their management or the amount of their paid-up capital they would neither have been able to entice deposits nor to obtain rediscounts from the London money lenders. The facts that creditors for an aggregate amount of 16,000,000l. sterling are now kept out of their claims ; that about 2,000 shareholders are ruined or impoverished; that honest traders have for the past seven or eight years been driven from the market ; and that the commerce of the country hba, to a great extent, been placed under the command of organi7ed gangs of swindlers, must therefore be charged to the system which compulsorily invests such concerns with the power they possess. What is the set-off on the other side? Simply an assurance that every creditor who trusts them without the exercise of the slightest caution, including all the depositors greedy for high rates of interest, and who ought to know that such rates can be obtained only by the most perilous practices, shall receive the last farthing that is due to them so long as a single shareholder remains to be hunted down. This protection, moreover, is absolutely nothing but a protection against a portion of the self-created evils of the law Itself. But for that law the parties in question would take care of them[selves, and would not want any protection. Hence the result of the system simply is that it leads two sets of persons, the shareholders and the creditors, into tremendous danger, and when the inquiry is made-" What can justify or recommend it ?" the answer is that, although it ruins one of these sets of persons, it usually, to an extent more or less imperfect, saves the other-that is to say, it does not profess to do any good, but can boast that it corrects a small portion of the mischief which it generates If there are any other arguments in its favour the public are yet to be informed of them. The plea that persons " ought " to be liable to the full extent of their property for the fulfilment of all their engagements is used for a mere juggle. No one denies that the liability of a man to carry out any engagement into which he has entered should be unlimited. All that is demanded is that he should be deemed the best judge of the nature of the engagements into which it is desirable to enter. If the shareholders of banks were not compelled to engage their unlimited liability no such engagement would ever be made. Since the law passed, allowing freedom In this respect in every other business save that of banking, it is believed not a single unlimited company has been formed, and that almost every previously existing company has beenanxioustocome under the new provision. The consequencehas been that, in the midst of all that has lately been witnessed, there have been none but trifling disasters amnong such concerns. The fraudulent ones have found themselves unable to get credit, and have been obliged to wind up as soon as their working capital began to disappear, and the others have pursued their steady course. Of all pretences, however, the most common and fallacious is the old one, that the creditor should be protected against the shareholder, because it is always in the power of the latter to control his directors. This was the grand point il the last debate on the subject in the House of Commons. Bat that we knew how men will repeat by rote any established phrase in defiance or all experience it would be astounding that it could be uttered. Was there a single individual that either used or heard this assertion who coud affect to be ignorant of the almost total impossibility of an ordinary shareholder in any coanpany exercising the slightest voice in its affairs? Had they ever attended a meeting of the Great Western or the Great Northern Railway, or of any other undertaking, large or smallD where the directors had determined upon having everything their own way? Have the praetices of MIr. Hudson been forgotten in bringing down an4anosity or derision upon every one who attem7rted to ask him any inconvenient questions ; and., to adopt a later example, 'what would have been the fate of any modest but practical aad npright man of business who might have ventured -at any meetings of the Western Bank of Saotlxn& to suggest a doubt whether everything was perfeo' 1y flourishing ? He would have been marked for teprobati.n, not only by the directors of the b;rak, but.1by all the lords, landowners, and "merchant 'prinee"' & fthe Qstry. To tell the old clergymau3 or doctor, or widow or governess, who may be left destitute by the operation of the existing system, that they might have protected themselves by exercising due supervision, is therefore nothing but heartless mockery. You may blame them for having had anything to do with such concerns; but in that case they mayretort that as the State departs from its legitimate functions expressly to grant rivileges and to frame the conditions on which .Se establishments should be based, it must be absurd to assert that they ought not to be allowed to exist at all; which would be the practical inference if they are to be regarded as unfit or improper for any prudent persons to subscribe to. The State makes these banks what they are, and then taunts the x-ictims for their folly. The sharp creditor who has the opportunity of knowing thoroughly the nature of every transaction into which he enters, enjoying the paternal care of his Government, and the poor country shareholder tempted out of his money and without a shadow of power to help himself, undergoing the rebuke of that Government, would make an amusing picture, were it not that it would illustrate at a glance the whole history that will sadden the Christmas of 1857 in a multitude of English homes. The bar silver brought by the last West India steamer has been sold at 61 d. per ounce, establishing a decline of 2d. from the highest price. Dollars are very scarce, and the small quantity received on this occasion have realized 60;d., being an advance of Ad. A meeting of creditors of Messrs. E. Sieveking and Son, whose suspension wvas announced on the 18th ult., was held this morning, when the following statement was submitted by Mir. Quilter, the accountant:- BTATEYZ-r OF xHE ArFAIRS OF UM335RS. E. SrzvzncG A2,D SOX. Dr. £ a. d. eu.andrycredtors m7s,22s 3 10 lI!o aundry craditors DartWIY sycured .e . 18,Q( 0 0 Lees etimodtedvalue ot security.. .. 15,X5i 01n To sundry creditors fully ecured,- 2,13' 19 1 A.monutt of cls . 4,970 9 2 Value of security .7.0C 0 0 Surpluse tenu er coutr. 2,029 10 10 To liabilities on acoeDtauos .. .. 4 24,80Q 4 ot whlch It [ erpe.ted claim will e on .. .. 125,014 1 1 To labilitles on bils reclvable .. .. 548,256 12 0 Of wblch those reckoned am bad and clalimable on us amount to . . .. 57,110 4 8 Deduct tecuitlefs In the hands et holders 3,122 5 7 5359S3 1 1 Or. 218,26S 5 4 By Blls rece'ivable on hand- Considered good .. . . .. .. 26,191 15 2 ,, doubtful, £9,041 3e. 6d.; estin l ate .1,000 0 0 By sundry debtors- 28,191 15 2 Oon31dereod gu.1d 56,90 13 1 ,, ,, being repreeented by merchandise on hand .. .. .. 45,195 4 0 Considered doub:tul, £24,810 1s. 3L; estimated at .. .. .. .. 10,800 0 0 Coostdered bed, £7,667 2s. 7d. Bg surplus securItles, in tSe handsa 195 17 1 credlbot ..,059 10 10 £145,117 3 1 The probable dividend will thus be about 10s. to Ils. in the pound. The capital at the commencement of the year was 72,0001., and the failure has been caused by the enormous losses since October last-viz., 206,6031. Of the liabilities which will be proved against the estate 36,5501. is on account of four houses at Stockholm and Gothenburg which have suspended, but are expected ultimately to satisfy all claims ia full. In that case the assets will be proportionately increased. There is no private property beyond furniture, &c. The creditors generally expressed a favourable feeling towards the firm, and it was resolved to wind up the estate under inBpection. A meeting of creditors of Messrs. Lichtenstein and Co., 47, Line-street, whose suspension was announced on the 5th, alao took place this afternoon, when a statement was submitted by Mr. Coleman, the accountant, showing the liabilities to amount to 25,5011., while -the assets are estimanted at 11,0251. A further sum of about-1,5001., however, may accrue from reclamations on biUs discounted to the amount of 15,0781., expected to be proved on Messrs. Lichtenstein and Co.'x estate. The probable dividend wil thus be about lOs. in the pound. In the beginning of the year the capital of the firm was 8,0001., and the failure has been caused by losses from bad debts, depreciation of produce, &c. From the large cash balance and the goods in hand, together making 6,8051., a distribution of 5s. will be made by the 1st of February. It was resolved to wind up the estate under inspection. At a meeting to-day of the creditors of Messrs. Hadland, Shillmgford, and Co., an old firm in the Manchester trade, who failed on the 8th inst., a balance-sheet was submitted by Mr. C. F. Kemp, the accountant, stating the debts at 31,842Z., while the assets, reckoning the stock on hand at 16,1081,, its cost price, show a nominal surplus of 6391. Considerable discussion took place as to the probable realization of the stock and the amount likely to be available fromn Mr. Hadland's private estate, but a resolution was ultimately adopted to accept l6s. in the porund in three, six, and nine months, the first two instalments to be 6s. each, and the last, which is to be secured, 4s. The following letter announces that the application lately made to the Customs to allow packages of fine goods from the continent to be forwarded direct to London instead of being detained for examination at Dover or Foliestone has been acceded to:- "Sir,-The request made by the directors of the SouthEastern PaUway Company to the Comumlssioners of Customs has been granted. Small parcels and paokages containing sample goods may now be forwarded direct to London, without examination or delay of any kind, tUl their arrival at the London-bridge terminus, " A great advantage is thus conferred upon our contlnen'tal trade, and one, too, which will be duly appreciated by the public. Every Importer Is fully alive to the benefit be wil derive from the rapidity with which heI will now be enabled to obtain his samples, while manufaoturers and shippers will avoid the risk of having their goods depreciated in value by their disarrangement consequent upon their examination at the port o Folkestone. ' It is understood that negotiations are going on, or about to be opened, respecting the removal of goods from Newhaven for the same purpose. This negotiation is not with the Board of Customs-the matter not having yet reached so far-but between the South Coast Company and other persons largely interested in the continental trade. If any. thing like a satLsfactoryarrangement caa be effected b6tween thbee parties there can be no doubt the Commissioners will be found ready to meet their views. " It is very desirable that this system should now be carred out to the fulest extent. I confess I have but little hope of the South-Eastern people doing muoh good in the nmatter, But the princiole once established, and the safety of the revenue placea' beyond all doubt by practlcal experience, there will be no reason why it should not be ex- teuded to other rout-es. The opening of the ;astKent Line will enable the directors of that company to conafer upon the pablic and their shareholders great and lasting benefit by carzying out this system with something like energy and commercial sagacity. " OBSERVERW" The East India Company are prepared to receive tenders on the 26th of screw steamers of 1,QOO tons and upwards for the conveyance of 45Ct men to Bombay and Kurrachee, and 900 to Calcutta,
THB OCRYSTAL PALACB. The Crystal Palace is throwing off the lethargio influence3 which seem always to beset it at the close of each year, and | preparing for the Christmas season with a round of popular I attractions. There are to be "masques" and "revels." "tarpsichorean sports" and "javenile wonderments," with "an uninterrupted chain of pleasing varlety," which we have nodoub' whatever will be infinitely more varied than the idea of an uninterrupted chain would at fist suggest to the general reader. There is to be a colossal cartoon of GrimAldi on the screen which shuts off the tropical plants from the lems genial portions of the building, and the whole of the centre transept will be hung with mottoes appropriate to the season, and in keeping as regards size and decorations with the groat type of pantomime on the screen itself. The centre of the transept will be occupied by a gigantic Christmas tree, the prizes on which will be given away among the juvenile marksmen who most distinguish themselves in shooting at (or near) targets which, wNth all the requisite apparatus, are to be provided without extra chargo. There Is to be a Christmas cake of stupenduous ploportions, weighing 4 cwt., and expressly compounded for this occssion by the Mess-l. Staples, who have, however, unbappily named it the Leviathan, and thereby given rise to dismal apprehensions as to its sticking fast for ever, and becoming eventually an unmanageable source of expenditure to the company. There are also to be swings and roundaboats provided, together with the Royal nursery " Punch and Judy," a small baUet company for the opera stage, a grand wizard, to which he of the North is to be as nothing, with other attractions more or less appropriate, the whole conoluding each day vrith Sir Roger Coverley, " danced by a thousand couple" These festivities are to last for one week, commencing on Monday, the 28th of December, and from the scale of preparations now going forward at Norwood there is not the leaet doubt but that thewbole programmneisintendedto he carried out in tho most thorough and effective manner, and wiU be really popular. But it is not alone in these additional features that great efforts are being made, since every branch of the ordinary attractions of the building is beiog made to assume its brightest and most feative aspect. All the orange and citron trees have been so arranged as to assist in the general effect of the Christmas revels, and, as their bougbs are now heavy with golden frait, their appearaces Is beautiful in the extreme. Indeed, the whole of the Crystal Palace botany is in admirable condition, and the rarest and most costly exotica and curious plants thrive in the equal temperature of the building with greater rapidity and vigour than we bave often observed even in hothouses especially devoted to their culture. The value of the fine collection, too, is by no means lcesened from the fact that none of the poor vegetables are overwhelmed with the hard names whlch generally make all botanical exhibitions, as far as regards the publio, so supremely ridiculous. No one depreciates the Norwood plants because a sugar cane is called a sugar cane, instead of a " saccharum officinarum," or looks with contempt on the " coffea Arabica" when presented to his notice by the simple title of the "coffee tree." Since the winter, too, the picture gallery has been largely augmented. There Is a very fair average show of works of the French school and a tolerable display of native art. In addition to these there are also some really fine and notable paintings of the pre-Raphaelite nmasters, many of which were at the Manchester Exhibition, and in the large vestibule leadlig to the picture gallery are a fine collection of French photographs, which are quite astonishing, both as regards size and their perfect finish of detail. All the Fine Arts Courts have baen entirely put In order, and, while noticing the general attractions which have lately been enhanced we must not omit to mention the Readlng-room and Library. The latter has been largely increased by some first-class works, and the Reading-room, therefore, is, in its way, quite as fully attended, and far more regularly, than almos' any otherportion of the build. ing, always excepting t he ealans devoted to more solid re. freshment. Bat, perhaps, in no department of tho Palace have such surprising results been achieved ns in the now celebrated Ceramic-court. When we consider that the fr_gile contents of this little court are valued at npwards of 100,000. sterling, that every article in it is lent gratuitously, and that the cabinets of the finest collectors have been stripped for an indefinite time to form it, our admiration of its beauty is almost lost in estimating the liberality of those who have thus, as it were, giren it for the instruction and entertaiurlent of the public. The Idea of collecting togetier the finest productions of ceramic art, ancient and modern, was fraught with hopeful anticipations as to its educational influenae on a manufacture essentially the one in which England during the last few years has made the most rapid and successful strides towards perfection, and already Its results are beginning to be apparent. The productions of the English potteries compete with the best modern works of Sdvres and Dresden, and in the course of a comparatively abort time there is every reason to believo that Staffordshire and Worcesbr will as corupletaly equal their foreign rivasd in the ornamental details of the manufacture as they now surpass them in all that pertains to its utility. Such a result is doubly honourable to our native productions wben we remember that the high place they have attained is due to personal enterprise alone, while Sdvres and Dresden, on tho contrary, are supported by the influence and prestige of Court patronage, and have their losses reimbursed by national subsidles. The Ceramic-court has lately been entirely e-aranged and enriched with the addition of a lagu nsifbet, or the most valuable specimens. It now'1ntludts'^}tem the coUectIons of the Duke of Devonshire, 13at4 4nmuevillo, Marquis DYAzegio, Baroness de Goldsmldt, LAdy Rolle, General Lygon, Danby Seymour, M.P., Mr. Locker, Mr. Samuel Addington, Mr. L Faloke, WV. P. Thornhill, hLP., and other amateurs of less note, together with some splendid examples from the manufactories of Mlnton, Herr and Binos, Copeland, Ridgway, Bates, and Co.; Rose and Co., &o. There is also a most valuable display of the early pottery of Egypt, Etrurla, Greece, Mexico. Italy, Germany, and France, with the porcelain of China, Dresden, Vienna, Berlin, S&Yres, Copenhagen, St. Petersburg, Capo dl Montd; and English wate of Chelsea, Bow, Derby, Worcester, Swansea, and BristoL The Duke of Devonshire has sent some remarkably fin,e examples of the Chinese sand Japanese porcelain in vases, tazzas, ewers a&c., and some most Important works of the sameo class are from the Baroness de Goldsmidt. Earl GranviUe contributes the magnificent despatoh-box recently presented to him by the Emperor Napoleon in commemoratlon of the Paris Exhibition of 185. It is executed in porcelain, ebony, and gold, and is considered as the finest and most costly modern specimen of S6vres workmanship. The MarquisD'Azegilo has placed for exhibition some specimens of Cap;o di Monte ware of the rarest merit both as regards design and manufacturing skilL The chief of these, the " Apollo and Daphne," Is looked upon as the very triumph of ceramic art, in which all the technical difficulties of this pecuUarly hazardous manufasture are most successfully overcome. Tho other groups from the same coUection-the Leda, Ganymede, Venus and Cupid, &e. -thongh smaller, are of almost equal value and importance His ExceUency also sends some fine specimens of tho early majolica, with their startling colour, contrasts, and heavy outlines; but his contributions in this class are surpassed by Mr. Faloke's. whose lustred majolicas are unrivalled by any in this country, save those chrfs-d'iurrc in the Soulage cabinets. Two superb examples of Russlais exceUence in ceramic manufacture are contributed by. Lady Rol!e, to whom they were presented, from the Royal works at St. Petersburg, by the Grand Duchess Helena. But the most attractive collection now in the court-and probably the most valnable also -is that of General Lygon, which includes, all the rarest specimens of the jeweled and portrait ware of Sivres, with the chief fgure and landscape sboject of the same manufacture, Here we find cups and saucers valued at 2001., plates worth 6001. and S00t., and vases and tazzas. for each of which 2,0001. has been refused. How silently this gaudy ware tells tales of the fir*t revolution, and with what interest we regard the miniatures of all the celebrities that graced the Court of France.duariog the long relgn of Louis Quatorze, and nearly a1: of whom are portrayed In the portrait pieces of this fine collection! The quaint enamels of Limoges, sent by Mr. D. Seymour, forma valuable featnre in the collection; an4 Mr. Addington has sent the gems of the Bernal and Stowe cablnets. Some magnificent modern works from the Royal manufac. tory at Berlin, and of the most costly kind, have bsen addea to the general stock by Madamne Temple, and Mr. ThornhiUl, M.P., has given some moat rxre exampisa of Ckelsea ware with its recollections of Dr. johnson and his little known ox;eriments in the ceramic sit. In. Mr. FaIcke's cAlletion of Wedgwood china we have the masterpiecs ef the finest and most classlc ware that Eqgland has yet preduced, and In which the genius of Flaxrna haa probably left its most lasting, and we mlght almost say its most valuable, memorials. The groups lenit b Messrs. Itittener and Saxby are deserving of notice, as being aamong the orliest sFecimeus of Dresden manttcAture extant. But those who can px*perly appreciate the Cerarmio. court and the art lossons it oonveys vwill search among the productions of our Inodern manufacturers for its best results. It is only by instituting such a comparison, and by noting how MiDtor reproduces the majolica and Pa'issey vare, how our Worcester works more than equal the finest enamels of LIAioges, and hoQv Copeland's attemnpts to riv.l the far-famed jewelled ware of S6vres have succeeded, that the vis3tor can properly understand the rapidity with whioh we,-q ajdvanoing to perfection in this spmeies of manufac- erQ. 4,t AxesAnt we have thoroughly utilized our por. eslain, and half the world now dine off plates and dishes that come from England. Yet a few year and our fame for the ornamentad branches of the manufacture shall be as high and wide spread. Besides his majolicas at the Ceramic-oourt Minton exhibits some exquisite vases, but, as is always the case with this great firm, their designs are too essentially French ts claim notice for originaUty. Copeland's collection, as iUlstrating all the most ornamental and useful brancbes of porcelain-work, Is perhaps unequalled. In the latter division, we find exquisite china-work, adapted to tabletops, muantelpieces, and fireplace covaegs-among the former the mosre beautiful specimens of staxuary porcelain and costly jewelled ware. Among other objects are two noble colossal busts in a new kind of terra cotta, wvhich is found on Alderman Copeland's estate at Burton-on-Trent, about 30 yards below the surface of theground, betweenbands cf ironstoneand seamsof coal. Boththesebustaarecopiedfrom. the antique, and ahow the beauty and admirnble zature of this material to perfect advantage. The specimens sent in by Kerr and Bians (the Royal Works at Worcester) more than maintain the reputation of this manufactory, which has spread the fame of English cerauiic art throughout the world, Among the nmnber of their exquisite productions it is difficult to select for special pralse,bnt we may mention that, in addition to the celebrated Dante Plaquo, which attrated so much attention at the Manchester Exhibition, three others of almost equal size and merit bave just been added. There are also two copies of the Capid and Psyche plateau, esecuted for his Boyal Highness the Prince Consort; the Dante and Ariosto vases, the exquisite Ariosto unkstand, and a number of fine figures in statuary porcelain, coated with oxidized silver-another very beautiful process which is alEo peculiar to the Royal Works. Messrs. Ridgway, Bates, and Co. exhibit such a series of fline works as forcibly illustrate the rapid advance in manufacturing skill which this firm has made during a few years. Foremost among a number of important works are two very fine life.size busts in statuary porcelain of Her Majesty and Prince Albert, executed from the original marbles of Durham and Marochetti. The material of which these are composed exceeds any statuary porcelain yet manufactured, and the marvellous fidelity of the portraits, not only in feature, but in expression, make them the most successful works of the kind we have eeen. The vases and statuettes of tbis firm are also most adniirable productions, and evidence manufacturing skill of the first order. Altogether the Ceramic-court is the most complete and successler projeet that bas yet been undertaken at the Crystal Palace, and the utmost prase is due to Mr. Battam for the care and zeal with which he has managed the collection throughout, and the taste with which he has just 7earranged it.
THE AR7' TRASURES EXHIBITIOX. At a special meeting of the Manchester Town Council, held yesterday, Mr. IL.UMNEY propoted and Dir. A.Rni y RAW3OSo seconded the following resolution- "That tli'n Councilk deeply Impressed wmith the gral adranvtgze confenred upon this city, and the community at lrge, by the recent Exhibition of Art Treasts of the United Klin-dom, an exbibition of works of art unrivalled Jn magnitnde and value, the exarination and trudy of which were eminently ceculAted to improve the knowrledge and elevate the taste of all visitors; sad, by bringin,g togetber different clames nc,t accustomed to nstoiate, to PrOmOie good will and kindLI feeling amoug all sectioDn or the people. "That, gratefully acknowledging the munifioent liberality .ith which the bheav exponses to be incurred woe ongzinaily guaranteed, as aio the noble manner ia which the applicatlons made for the loan of works of art were responded to by the contributom, this Council feel. called upon, as reproeenting and on bebal. of the citizens of Masrnoeeter. in as especi3l mauner to tender its most edtcare and oordial tbirlks to Tomnas Falrbairn, Rpq., the chairmau, Sir James Watts, and Thomas Aebton, Wil1L3m Eutwi.sl Joeeph Heron, EdAmnd Potter, and Sigirmuwd James Stern, the members of the Executive Committee, for their diantereated and arduous labours, for the untirlrg zeal and unremitting atteution rhich, darleg solessgtherod a period. tbey deroted to the undertaking. for the judgmeno and abiity wvlvch characterizod aU their proceedings and arrangemens, aud which so largely oontributed to render completely successfol zhe most memorable exhibiti3nof modern tfm, confenring lating fame and honoar upon the city in which it ha3 been hel" The resolution waw supported by Mr. Alderman Neild and Mr. W. Clarke, and cafried unanimously. It was further resolved that a copy of the resolution be engrossed on vellum and be presented to the several members of the Executive Committee by the Mayor. The presentation will take place on Wednesday next In the Town.hall.
THE ARMY OF INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read with much interest the able letter of your Cawnpore correspondent, " A Soldier," in your issae of this morning, and with much more satisfaction your excellent article thereon. You seize upon the very marrow of tho question at issue, and demonstrate, beyond all dispute, that we should be guilty of the most egregious folly were we ever to reconstruct anotber native army to protect the interests of the British Empire in the East, amd watchover the happiness and wellbeing of their foreign rulers It appears to me nothing less than a species of madness In those who, despite all our late terrible experience of the power aud ferocity of the monster we have so long nourished and pampered, remain so fascinated by " traitionary policy" that they seem prepared to raise up another such beast and fall down and worship it. This delusion stron,gly reminds one of that strange species of devotion called. " Snake worship," prevalent in that land of the many abominable superstitions so carefully guarded and reverently patronized by our Government. The " Soldier," as you observe, completely " begs the main question at issue." When he has shown the existing necessity for a " native army" it will be tine enough to dis. cuss the best elements for its reconstmrtion. But I once more distinerly deny that any such army Is neceseary to the preservation and wellbeing of our Indian Bmpire; and, moreorer, I positively assert that, if reorganized, It will form again the great, if not, sole element of insurrection and disorder, and become the only enemy we have to guard against. If such an amy be really necessary, let it be proved; I positively deny it, and leave the burden of proof to those who think otherwise. Your correspondent assumes throughont that the vast native host-composed of regulars and Irregulars, levies and contingents-which has so treacherously betrayed us, had some really useful duties to perform. I deny it, and require it to be shown. No one wilU now pretend that these "faithtul Sepoys" coald over be looked to for support ag.ainst internal in. surrection. On the contrary, as I have said, they would constitute the only dangerous element of revolt. Now that this faithful Bengal army has destroyed itself inn a most base though vain effort to destroy those to, whomn it had sworn allegiance, men begin to see of how little use it was, and wonder they oould have been so long doceived. If this pampered host be so essential to our existence in their countrv that, despite their base treaohery and Inhuman craelties, we maust organize another sach, how Is it that we now continue to hold the country so stoutly and peacefully, not only without them, but agai nst them, and in defiance of them ?1 Your correspondent yields everything whes he admits that had " our Sepoys gone over to- the Emperor of China we might possibly have maintained our civil Government, even with the small numb2r of Europeans we now have;" for this is really the tith. Ifirmly believo that with an army. of 30%000 British soldiers we shaU hold lndia in far greater Fecurlty, and "mlatain our clvil Government " much more effectually withoat any nativo army than with one. In fact, without such a combustiblo magazine India could be governed as easUy as one of our home proviness. Let the " traditionary policy" advocates say what they may, I am satisfied that British India contains even less 7elments of successful insurrection than Laicashire or the West Riding. Disarm India, probibit by severe penalties the manufacture of arms and the casting of guns, and aay. attempt to tise on the part of the people would be hopnless ; and the Bindoo is the very last man on the fae of theearth to undertke a hopoless toak. I'alk of attacks upon his religion rousing him ! Only look at the counrse pursed by that bigot A- urngzebe at Beuaxes and other sacred places, and all must be satisfied tbat we have nothlng to ap-ehend from the Bindoo. The hatred ol castes and the cscctg races pro. hibit all confidonce it each other; no wu-nimity could ever prevail in any popalar movement in. India, and without arms a..d ammunition, or the power ,tt obtaining the=, an insuzrectiona-ry movement of the p. ople of India would bo an aot of madness of which they arsathe last of the han. race to be guilty. In fact, the whole history of that country declares it to ba an imepossibility unbder an effective rule lika MM I affirm, thbrefore, that 50,0(,0 European soldie.s are all we require for India now that we have no Bengal Sepoy army. If we are to maintain. the Sepoy armies of iLadras and Bombay a' their present strength, then let a portion of tbenm be sent to Bengal, the North-west Provinces and the Punjaub, and thus separ!,ie them widely. If necessary, let SOTee leves be raiee I for police duties, armed with swords only, or with a tw mnuskets to a ooMpany; and I am perfeotly satisfied that with 50,00) European troops in the country we should maintain our government in perfect peace and security. We shonld thus effect a saving of the whole cnst of the late Bengal army, 'cith the exception of the officers. The only cosstra would be the expense of the 1,000 or 2,000 of European troopa additional, and the new police levies. And with such an i,.trease to our ludiau exchequer what might net be done to extend raUway communication; and thus rivet stiU more strongly our hold upon the country by ren, derhg our Europeat army more and more effective bv this power of ooucentration. Thongh in my firm belief we should~ saldom, ii ever, require so to combine to maintain intcrnat p peace. I am, Sir, your most obedient servant. J, H. MIACDONALD, IAes.QkaX. I i)ZQI rj&
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (A potilon of the followlig appeared in ouw second edition or -4-8_ . _1 (IMOM OUR OWN CORRFiFON-DF2,-T.) PARIS, TUESDAY, DXO. 22, 6 P.M. Private letters from Madrid of the 17th inst. mention that the public was stiU anxiously waiting for the promised " Ministerial programme." It was expected to be published in the oflicial journal, but as yet nothing had appeared. At the Cabinet Council held on the 15th the Ministers were to have fully explained to the Queen their principal political measures; the Council, indeed, met on that day; it was presided over by Her Majesty, but the only business consisted in submitting a decree for her approval postponing the opening of the Cortes to the 10th of January, instead of, as originally intended, the 30th inst. It was believed that Ministers had advised the Queen to open the Chambers in person, and also to present to them on the same solemn occasion the infant Prince of the Asturias. The idea was not a bad one, but among the more rigid observers of etiquette some difficulty arose as to the ceremonial proper to be followed. The ridiculous is very near the sublime, and the narrow boundary which divides them was all but crossed on the occasion of conferring the orders of chivalry, in which Spain is so prolific, on the Prince. Speeches, eloquent or sonorous, were addressed to the newborn infant by grave men, but which unfortunately seemed to produce no impression on his little Highness, for he slept ,the whole tirme, and made no reply to the questions put to him on receiving his several knighthoods. Qui ite dit mot consent:-the Chancellors, chaplains, and other officiating officers considered, no doubt, that silence gave consent, and completed his initiation. The Prince would have to pass through the same ordeal on the opening of the Chambers, and would probably take as little notice as before of their dutiful addresses. There will probably be a speech from the Throne, and in it the great projects which the Ministers have in contemplation will be more or less foreshadowed. It is certain that public opinion inclines to the belief that the policy of the Armero-Mon Cabinet will be liberal. For instance, that laws on the press, on the mode of conducting elections, the extension of the franchise, the secularization of Church property, Parliamentary incapacity of public functionaries, a complete system of finance, changes in the tariff-all in a liberal sense-wAil be brought forward; and, by way of corollary, important changes in military and diplomatic appointments, the civil administration, and the Royal householdall of which, particularly the last, are absolutely neces3ary to the proper carrying out of any projects of utility to the country. Compared with the generality of Spanish 'Ministers, M. Mon is liberal in financial and commercial doctrines, and, what is really important in a country that has so often been plundered by needy and unprincipled adventurers, M. Mon is a man of thorough probity. Catalonia iB always a great difficulty in the way of any T/dinister who wishes to estabaish even a moderately liberal system ; but the great danger an honest Minister must make up his mind to encounter proceeds from the intrigues of the Palace. Tlere the net is always spread, and the Minister who means to do good for the country is sure to be caught if he cannot break the meshes. For the moment, however, aU looks fair. Apparently there is no dissension betweentheCrown and its servants, and perhaps there will not be before the meeting of the Conres. This Cabinet, like so many of its predecessors, will probably continue to possess up to a few minutes before its fall what is called the "' confidence" of Her Majesty. The Miinisterial programme will probably be accepted by her, and, with regard to the question of persons 'o be dismissed or to be retained, mutual concessions will be made. It is likely that Ministers will proceed with tact ; they will not bring on a conflict with the Crown if it can be avoided, and sacrifices will be made. It is stated that the affair about the Russian ports in the Black Sea, which was on the point of being settled, is somewhat complicated by the fact of the Russian Government having re-established military servitude on the coast of the Crimea, razed the town of Kamiesch, and forbidden the entrance of that port to merchant ships, as before the war.- The troops embarking at Toulon for China are, it is said, intended to occupy that quarter of the town of Canton in which the Jesuits had formerly an establishment. The steam corvette Voivoda and ythe corvette Boyarine, which formed part of the Russian squadron, under the command of Admiral Kournetzof -whose departure from Cherbourg for the China Seas I announced some days since, have been forced to take shelter at Brest, where they arrived on Wednesday last, in consequence of injuries sustained during the late gales. The four other ships of the Russian squadron have continued their voyage to the Cape of Good Hope. The French Government has decided, after mature deliberation, to wvork the gold mines discovered in Upper Senegal. Captain Maritz, of the Engineers, has been appointed by the Minister of War, at the request of the Miniter of Marine, to direct the operations. The intention attributed to Prince Napoleon of visiting Egypt has been given up for the present. His Imperial Highness is to entertain at dinner on the 31st the whole of the general officers now in Paris who served in the Crimea. It is announced that several new senators will be named on the occasion of the new year. General Baron Renault, who commanded a division in the last expedition against the Kabyles, is mentioned as one of them. It appears that Madame Georges Sand addressed a letter through one of the Imperial family to the Empress, describing in the most affecting terms the deploiable condition to which the suspension of the journal La Presse has reduced the families of the workmen to whom it gave employment. The letter gave a most touching description of the state of these unfortunate persons, in whose favour the Empress was asked to intercede. If that intercession was ventured it does not appear to have as yet succeeded. The offence of the Presse was maost heinous; it presumed to talk about freedoma of speech, liberty, and such other old world fancies, and will very likely be compelled to pay the penalty to the utmost. The Three per Cents. olosed to-day at 67f. 75c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. ; Orleans Railway shares, 1,365f.; Great Northern, 94.Sf.; Strasburg, 675f.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 865f.; Western of France, 675f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 547f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 647f. 50c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 607f. 50c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 795f.; Austrian Railways, 712i. 50c.; Russian Railways, 505f. Cours AutheateN.-FAEis, Deo. 22.-Cash ]riles.- 'our-sod-a-alf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 92f. soc. 93f. 93f. 25c. 50c. ; Three per Cents., 67f. 75c. 665. GOc.;* Bank of Franoe, 3,200f. 3,250f.; ditto (825L. paid), 3.2G0f. 3,250f.; Cr6dit Foncler. 575. 580f.; Credit MoblUer, slOf. 812f. 50e. 811f. 25o. 815f. 807f. 50e. S80f. 805f. 795f. 800f. 790h. Discount Bank, 680f.;* Pledmontese Five per Cents., go?.; ditto, Three per Cents., 63f.; AustrIan Five per Cents., 89a; Romans, 86; SpanIsh Three per Cents., Interfor, 38. Ilohange on London, at sight, paper, 26f. 30O.; money. 2Sf. 27.Ao.; threo months, paper, 241. 75o.; money, 241. 70. . _ THE NEW ENGLISH JUJRISDICTION IN TURKEY. (FROMI OUR OWVN CORRESPONDENT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, Dzc. 10.-I The newly-established Consular Court began its functions last month, but I have not hitherto had time, nor have you had space, to allude to it. Mr. Hornby, the Consular Judge, had given notice to the more considerable merchants that he would deliver a charge at the first opening of his Court, and a good number of them colleeted in the court-room fitted up for the new tribunal in the building temporarily occupied by the Consulate until the new Consulate in Galata is finished. The judge then begau by apprising those present that Her Majesty had been graciously pleased by her Order in Council of the 27th of August last to increase the jurisdiction of the Consular Court at Constantinople, to alter in somo respects the manner of proceeding in civil and criminal process, and to modify the relations of the different Consular officers in the ILevant, as far as regards their magisterial and judicial functions with the Consulate-General of Constantinople. In these three points the changes which the Order in Council makes with respect to the Consular jurisdiction in the Levant are all comprised Before explaining these changes In detail Mr. Elornby pointed out that they were made in order to secure upon some safe and satisfactory basis the civil and criminal jurisdiction in the Ievant, and that therefore it was expected that the British mercantile community in the Levant would give its hearty co-operation to carry them out effectually. After alluding to the work of the Commission which was charged in 1856 to inquire into the state of the Consulate-General, Mr. flornby entered into a detailed explanation of the character of the new Supreme Consular Court, and indicated, as far as it is possible now, the course which wiU be taken for the future with reference to the administration of justice in this and the other Consular Courts of the Levant. The first point is the separation of the judicial from the Consular functions. This separation has at this momentonly reference to the Consulate-General of Constantinople, for which place the judge of the Suprenme Consular Court is specially appointed. As for the other Consulates in the Levant, it affects them only in as far as it transfers the appeal from their decisions to the judge, instead of to the ambassador at Constantinople. But a certain liberty has been lef' to the judge in cases of felony occurring in outlying districts, when it will be his daty to provide for their careful investigation and for the effectual punisbment of the criminal. Thus the first and most necessary step Is done, namely,to unite the whole civil and criminal jurisdiction of all the Consulates in the Ievant. Eitherto each Consular jurisdiction was more or less an independent power, from which, indeed, there was a nominal appeal to the Embassy, but this latte-, overwhelmed with political business, could only ineffectually attend to the appeals which came under its notice. On the other hand, a great many cases, especiaJly the claims against the Turkish Government, were brought from the first instance under the notice of the Embassy, without any reference to the Consul to whose jurisdiction they would have properly belonged. The consequence was a hopeless confusion, and a waste of that energy which ought to have been concentrated on questions of importance. The dragomans of the Embassylhad continually to run about to the Turkish police and other subordinate courts, wasting their time in insignificant squabbles, whic'n were ratber calculated to detract from that authority which they ought to have been anxious to preserve. As the order in Council says that its dispositions are not to be considered final, and that improvements will be introduced accordingly as they will be required, it may be hoped that this separation between the judicial and other functions of the Consuls will be still further extended. If in the capital the unionwhich existed hitherto has only produced delay and confusion, in the provinces it has produced other evils likewise. I don't think I amwrong insayingthat there is not a single Consul in the Levant who has had a judicial education; the Consular Court in the provinces is therefore a kind of patrarchal jurisdiction, in which the Consul rules as despot. This presses specially on the poorer part of the community, wvho have not the means of appealing from arbitrary decisions. With almost all other greater nations it is a rule not to appoint anybody who has not had at least the rudiments of a legal education, and in all larger places a legal adviser is invariably attaohed to the Consul as his chanecelier. This might be imitated with advantage in the British Consulates of the Levant. In the meantime it would not be Impossible, perhaps, that either the judge himself or one of his personrnd should make from time to time a circuit to the more important places to superintend and investigate into the administration of justice in these outlying districts. With the establishment of a separate Consular Court the functions and the power of the Consular jurisdiction have been considerably augmented. Until now the power of the Consulate-General extended only to a ine of $100 and imprisonment for one year. The Judge of the Supreme Consular Court has the power to fine to the amotut of 6001,, and may sentence criminals to transportation for life or for any lesser period, or to penal servitude, deportation, and imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years. The only crimnes wvhich do not come under his jurisdiction are those of a capital nature. In such eases, having taken the depositions in writing and on oath of the witnesses, and having bound over such witnesses, being British subjects, to appear when and wherever they shaU be called upon to do so, he has to send the accused to England or Malta, or, if an lonian, to Corfu. It is rather to be regretted that suich an exception should have been made, for it gives a chance to the worst species of criminals to escape. Witnesses who are British subjects may be bound over to appear in England or any other place where the offence is to be tried ; but if they are, they cannot be forced, and their evidence must be sent in writing, which in English courts is of much less, or no value. Besides this, if it be an Ionian or Maltese who has committed the crime, it will be rather difficult to find a jury in either place to convict hlm of a capital offence. Finally, the impression which punishment produces is entirely lost by sending the criminal away, and no native wiU ever be convinced that this is not done expressly to withdraw him from punishment. With the regular proceeding which will be now introduced, and with the establishment of a jury of six respectableBritishsubjectsfor allcases Of felony, there is every possibility of trying fairly the case according to the forms and maxims of British law, on oral instead of written evidence, and surrendering the criminal to the Turkish authorities for execution. Mr. Elornby drew the attention of his audience to the right conferred on the British community to have cases of felony tried by a jury. This institution was rather liable to be misunderstood; hitherto the experience of the merchants was confined to mixed cases in civil matters, where it is a rule that the question should be decided by three arbiters, one named by the claimant and two by the defendant. As all kinds of subterfuge and chicane were employed to defeat the ends of justice in these eases, the honour of being an arbiter was studiously avoided as involving a great deal of trouble, and it was to be apprehended that the duty of jurymen would be viewed in the same light. Mr. Hornbv tried to impress on his hearers that they had to consider this, not as aburden but as a right, of which every Englishman ought to be proud. Another subject which M r. Hornbytouched upon, and which is of great importance, is the system of procedure in civil cases, which has been hitherto very imperfect and lengthy. According to the order in Council the judge has a right to establish from time to time rules of practice, and these rules have to be as much as possible in conformity with those of the County Courts in England. Nothing better could have been devised to put an end to the lengthy forms which were used hitherto, involving a great deal of time, opening the door to every kind of chlcane, and feeding a number of petty lawyers, who got up cases of the most desultory nature. A summary, and, as far as possible, verbal procedure, will put an end to all this, and the right now vested in the judge to award costs gives him the power to deter people from making a profit by litigation. Mr. Hornby explained his Ideas on the way in which evidence will be taken in the Supreme Con. sular Court. Hitherto the procedure was so loose that most cases had to be judged on hearsay, or second-hand evidence, and it was quite entertaining to hear the vaguest report brought forward as evidence. For instance, a man had heard from another man that he had seen or heard the fact in question. If the Court asked to see the teman who had seen or heard, he was either not to be found, or had heard the fact related by a third person, who never was found. Now no secondary evidence will be admitted so long as original evidence can be procured; as for second-hand evidence, it will be altogether rejected. In civil cases, the Consular Court at Constantinople will be final in all cases of appeal from the outlying consuls, but in caseswhere the judge has decided a case sitting as a judge of first Instance an appeal will lie to the Privy Council in England, provided that the subject-matter in dispute involves a larger amount than 1, 0001. Mr. Eornby gave sTome excellent advice to his hearers about the mixed cases in which foreigners are concerned. He alluded to the failure of these mixed commissions in practice, however plausible they might sound in theory, and he said that he was rather inclined to attribute this failure to the mistaken notion on the part of mauy individuals who served in such commissions that they have to act the part rather of advocates for their respective countrymen than of judicial arbitrators, showing neither favour nor partiality. He expressed his hope that an arrangement will soon be come to between the different Governments which will put an end to these comnissions ; but in the meantime he assured them of the anxious desire of Her Majesty's Government to protect the performance of any judicial function exercised in the British name from even a suspicion of undue bias, and henceforth the legal vice-consul, or the other legal officer of the court, will always be a member of such a mixed commission. Rules of procedure will be framed, besides, which shall nsure a prompt declsion. Mr. Hornby views in the same spirit the proceedings with the Turkish tribunals. In all cases of sufficient importance aa officer of the court will go together with the dragoman. If Mr. Hornby, as I hope, will do away with the abuses which have hitherto prevailed in this respect, he will confer a great benefit not only on theTurkish Government, but likewise on the British community. There are many complaints against the chicanery of the Turkish tribunals, calculated to elude justice, but the fault is just as great on the other side. The most unreasonable demands are constantly made, and turned often into a source of annoyance to the Government itself. Erperiencing continually a spirit of unfairness from the Europeans, it seems not unnatural that they should have recourse to cunning, the only expedient which remains to them against the pressure ; but let them once see that they are dealt with fairly, and there Is no doubt that they will heartily co-operate. As regards cases of bankruptcy, the power of the new Consular Court is exactly the same as that of a Commissioner of Bankruptcy in England. An officer of the court will act In the capacity of an official assignee to assist the trade a3signees ingetting ia the property of the bankrupt, and in all cases of fraudulent bankruptcy prompt and decisive punishment will follow There is certainly no country in Europe in which cases of fraudulent bankruptcy are so frequent as here. Indeed, it is not uncommon to hear the fortune of a man eatimated by the number of bankruptcies he has made, and there was so little chance of punishing the defaulter that in almost all cases the creditors preferred to make whatever arrangement they could with the debtor, rather than to declare him a bankrupt. Such arrangements are n,ade every day, and it is high time, at any rate as far as British subjects are concerned, that something should be done. The judge has the right to introduce a system of fees and stamps, which will be published and hung up ill the Consular Court. This was the tenour of Yr. Hornby's explanatioa of the order in Council. As he contributed so much during his former stay here to draw the attention of the British Government to this subject, and as the order in Council is mainly based on his suggestions, It may be confidently expected that he will be able to carry it out effectuaUy. There will be, no doubt, numberless obstacles which have been heaped up by years of habit and routine, but they will not resist firmness. Even with the best intentions 'this has been Impossible hitherto, because the judicial authority was too much subdivided; no limit was drawn between the different jurisdictions, and no central power existed to control them all and subject them to a common rule. To establish this is the mission of the new Supreme Consular Court. To fulfil it will not a little contribute to raise the British name and British institutions in the eyes of the natives, who are perhaps the more impressed by justice and fairness the more seldom they can obtain it themselves. EARTHQUAKE AT NAPLES. The following private telegram has been received:- - II MARSEILLES, DEc. 22. "Accounts from Naples state that on the night of the 17th a terrific earthquake ravaged a parb of the kingdom, particularly the towns of Selerno, Potenza, and Pola. The buildings at Salerno are seriously damaged. In the province of Basailicata, and in fhe southern principalities, half the villages are destroyed, and the number of victims is estimated at several thousands. The authorities have erected wooden buildings to receive the inhabitants. Three violent shocks were felt at Naples, and the population encamped an entire day outside the walls. There was no accident to deplore there. The northern part of the king. dom of Naples has not been affected by the catastrophe." THE PAPAL STATES. A letter from Rome of the 16th gives some account of the ordination of Prince Lucien Bonaparte to priest's orders, as already announced:- The Pope himself officiated in his private apartments, and all the members of the Bonaparte family now in Roams were present at the ceremony. The young Prince, who is remarkable for his piety, was greatly affected. After the ceremony the Pope entertained al the Bonaparte family at breakfast, Cardinal Antonelil, Secretary of State, being present. This day Monsignor Bonaparte said his first mass the church he selected being that of Santa Maria, in the Via Lata, in which his mother, the Princess Zenaide, is interred. The church was crowded. A grand breakfast was afterwards given in the Palace Gabrielli, in which the Prince resides, and it was attended by several personages of distinction, and among them Cardinals Santucci, Gaude, Gazzoli, and Barnabo." Another letter from Rome says:- "The directors of the Pontifical railways are actively engaged in having surveys made for the projected line between Rome and the frontier of the Papal States as far as the banks of the Po. The definitive plans of the sections from Rome to Terni, and from Anoona to Bologna, will very shortly be sabmitted to the approbation of the Minister of Public Works. The line between Rome and Terni wiiU have a length of 106 kilometres (nearly 67 miles), divided into eight sections. The terminus at Rome will be situatetnear the Baths of Titus, and the line wiU leave the city between theo Maggiore aad San Lorenzo gates. There 'will be constructed on this line seven bridges, four tunnels, and several viaducts on a small scale. The line from Ancona to Bologna will have its first station at a short distance from the Lazaretto of Ancona, and will hav3 a terminus in common with the Pio Centrale Railway at the Gallera gate of Bologna. The number of stations on this line wiU be 14, and its length nearly 80 miles. The numerous streams of water which cross tho oountry through which this railway will have to run necessitate lmportant works of art. A tunnel of more than 1,000 yards in length will be cut through the hill of Bonelo, near La Cattolica."
Tim BisHop OF LONDoN AND KmNsiNToo SCrHOOL. -On Taesday the Bishop of London presided over a nume rons meeting at Kensington School for the purpose of dis. tributing the annual prizes. After tho reports of the various examiners had been recelved and some pieces had been recited by the boys of the school the Bishop proceeded to distributethe prizes to thesucoesaful candidates. lIla Lordship then, in a very impressive speech, spoke ef the varied studied of the school and the close cennexion of ene branch of them with our Indian empire, for the service of which a large number of the boys are destined. He spoke of the caxeer which was opening before those who were looklng forward to service in India, and bestowed high praise on the generosity of Sir Henry Willock, who, for 19 successive years, had presented for public competition in the school an appointment to the East India College at Addiscombe. His Lordship closed his speech by some remarks evincing an affectlonate interest in the welfare of the boys of the school. Sir H. Willock and several other gentlemen addressed the meeting, and spoke of the large number of the scholars who had distinguished themselves in India, and expressed the mingled pride and sorrow they felt for those who had faen in that country. F. G. Willock and Qeintyn Battye, who both fell before Delhi, were at the head of this distinguished list. Allusion was also made to the successes of the soholara at the Universities, and at Woolwich and Addiscombe. A vote of thanks, proposed to the bishop by Archdeacon Sinclair, concluded the proceedings of the day. A ]ADnAN's RIDE.-About 5 o'clock on Sunday afternoon Ast a man came rapidly riding on horsebaok into Otley without hat or neckerchief, and inquired his way to Denton-halt, of which he said he was going to take posses. sion as owner. It was of course soon discovered that the poor fellow was a lunatic, and he was therefore detained and safely lodged in the house connected with the look-up. Shortly afterwards the governor of the lunatio asylum at Acomb, near York, arrived at Otley, in pursuit of the fugitive It appeed that the man attended Divine service at the asylun in the morning of the same day, and that after getting his dinner he went out into the yard, and having first placed a table and then a chair upon it against the wall, he succeeded in climbing over the latter. He afterwards went to the stable, saddled and bridled a horse, and thus effected his escape. At the first tollbar, having no money, he gave his neckerchief as payment for the toll, and at the second bar he took off and deposited with the collector what he called his " dickey," or loose front, for a similar purpose. His hat was lost from his head as he gal. loped through Wethetby; not daring (as he afterwards naively observed to Superintendent-constable Smith) to stop to pick it up, lest they should catch him. The name of the maniac, who has been some time in confinement, is Sampson Speight, formerly residing at Ilkley, and where he carriedon the business of a blacksmith. Taking into account the circuitous route which Ae took in his journey to Otley, it Is calculated that he must have travelled upwards of 30 miles in less than three hours; and he seemed In perfect ecstacies when recapltulating the clever mode by which be had effected his escape, and the achievements of the day. The poor fellow quietly left Otley in company with the governor for the asylum the same evening, under the impresion at the time that he was really going to take possession of the property alludedto, and incessanty talked about tho improvements and alterations he would make ulpon the estate, his intended hospitality and liberaUty, and the rich presents he should then male.--Leds Mercumy. AuN ArPPROPRIATB MATOr.-The Edinb7.6rgh x- press states that Miss White, who has returned to this country from Genoa, was married on Saturday to a young Italian, of literary pretensions, named Signor AIberto Mario, with whom she became acquainted in Genoa.
LAW ABPOBT. COURT OF CHANCBRY, LNcom'S-Ri. Dwi. 23 PERRY.IHRRTfT. v A1vTn- (Before the LoRD CHAaVPCTLLOR I '1This part-heard appeal from the Master of the Rolls, re. lahing to the priorities of enoumbrances npon a certaic estate, called ilylands, belonging to MIr. Attwood, was this day concluded. The case has been before the Court for several days, and the facts havo been reported in The The LORD CIANCELLOR entirely concurred with the view taken of the matter by the Master of the Rolls, and dismissed the appeal with costs. Mr. Fooks and Mr. Drnce were for the appellants; Mr. R. Palmer and Mr. Giffard supported the decree.
VICE-CEANCELLORS' COURTS,WEDNr;DAY. DEa. 9T BUCEERMr.R. V. ARTAT.Tv (beUJOrC vtCe.UhanceUor Sir RD T. KIXr1T.T - I It will be remembered that some tlme since a motion was mende in this cause for a hasbeas corpus to bring up the body of the defendant, for the purpose of enabling him to attend the chief olerk in chambers, where accounts were being prosecuted, absolutely requiring his presence de die in diem. On that occasion the motion stood over, it being doubtfa!i whether this Court would not be interfering with the pro. cess of a common law court, the defendant being in custody under such process. Mr. F. WALLER now again made the same motion, and said that, although he had not been able to find any direct authority on the point, the Master of the Rolls had made such an order where the party was in custody for debt. The VICE-CHA.NOELLOR said that he had considered the matter a good deal, and had consulted Mr. Murray, the record and writ clerk, and he stated his recollection of such a case decided by Lord Lyndhnrst, but it was recollection only. Taking all things into consideration, however, in this case his Honour thought that the party might be brought up de die in dtiem, as was asked. IN RE THE HOME COUNTIEMS ASSURANCE COMP.ANY. Mr. GLAssE and Mr. ROXBURGH appeared in sapport of a petition to wind up this company. It appeared that the company carried on business for a abort time, and an attempt was then made to amalgamate it with the Birkbeck Assurance Company, and it was a question wvhether that attempt had or had not been successful. The company consisted of 43 shareholders, the petiltoner being the holder of 870 shares. Several actions had been brought against shareholders, and in the present case, if it turned out that the anmalgamation was valid, theofficial manager could as well carry that oct as the order to wind up, and therefore acuaunque vid winlding up w as the proper course. the late Act had given the Judge in CShancery powver in the case of a winding up order being prosecuted to regulate this cause of action against shareholders, and a very useful enactment it was. Mr. Cole appeared for the IHome Company. Mr. FISCHER, for a shareholder in the Hlome Company, submitted that if the petition stood over, his client would undertake to present a petition to wind up the Birkbeck, as in case of the amalgamnation being effectual this order would not be an indemnity to the shareholders of both companlies. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that he must consider this matter before he made any order. (Before Vice-Chanceltor Sir W. P. WOOD.) BRONVE V. THE LONDON NECROPOLIS AND NATIONAL MAUSOLEUM COMPANY. The VICE-CHA,NCELLOR gave judgment in this case, which has been recently argued at great length, and fuUy reported in The Timcs of December 18 and 19, and said that the difficulties presented by the defendants in answer to the bill were twofold-lst, as to the form; and, 2d, as to the substance of the suit. As to the form, he had thought that there was considerable difficulty in saying that the bill could nuder any circumstances be sustained. The bil was in effect for specific performance of an agreement of the 1st of April, 1851, by which Sir Richard Broun and Mr. Sprye were entitled to receive considerable advantages from the London Necropolis Company-the plaintiffs in the suit deriving their title thus .- Sprye mortgaged his interest in a sum of money secured by the agreement to Thompson, who became bankrupt after baving assigned the mortgage to one Browne, since deceased, and of whom the plaintiffs were executors. The sub-mortgagees, therefore, were seeking specific performance of the agreement, which secured certain benefits to the inortgaRor, for the purpose of gotting their mort. gage satisfied. lie had not recollected any suit of this description, but still it would have been painful to dispose of the case upon a mere defect of form, while a substantial point remained to be determined. He was satisfied, however, from the very able reply of Mr. Cairns, thaf, though no direot precedent milght be found for such a bill, still, looking at the case of " Bellamy v. Sabine" (2 Phillips, 425), where property was to be found in the hands of per. sons whose title was under a purchase, any person an assignee of the vendor, might assert the vendor's rights under the agreement to purchase, and thus obtainthe benefit of his charge through the medium of specific performance. Ina case so circumstanced the parties in possession having got the very thing contracted for, and obtained the benefit of the contract, effective jnstice might be done by the Court. He had in the course of the argument taken the precaution of obtaining from Sir Richard Broun and Sprye an undertaking to be bound by the decree to be made in this suit, and thus he considered himself in a position to adjudicate upon the merits. Then it was to be considered how far the company were bound by the agreement of April, 1851, so that Sir Richard Broun and Sprye could obtain the full benefit of their lien arisng under that argument, independently of the Act of 1852, incorporating the company ; further, how far the difficulties as to the agreement had been removed or not by the Act. Upon the demurrer by the company to the bill filed by Sir Richard Broun to enforce this agreement the difficulties were many and serious, but he then thought that the saving clause in the Act of 1852 removed these difficulties (upon the case as made by the bill), and that Sir R. Broun might be entitled to relief at the hearing. Ete had accordingly overrtuled the demurrer. What, then, were the specific inirmities attaching to the agreement, independently of the Act of 1852? He entirely rejected the AttorneyGeneral's theory, that al the parties to the agreement must be regarded as combining in one great conspiracy for the purpose of defranding those whowere afterwards to becomesharenolders in the company, and that the apparent discrepancy and conflict of interests between the contracting parties was for the purpose of beguiling the world into the belief that they were filling the relative positions of vendor and purchaser. He did not think that this was the case. In 1849 the Idea, which was certainly a very happy one, suggested itself to Sir R. Broun and Mr. Sprye of forming a Peneral cemetery at a convenient distance from the metropolis, this being at a time when the question of intramural interment was much discussed. He could not think that the motion was of small importance, or other than one of great value and ingenuity. A correspondence was entered into with Lord Onslow, the owner of the Woling property, by which Broun and Spryo purported to treat with him for thepurchase of the land for a company bhr, after to be formed, no company being either formed or registered at that period. Certain terms were proposed, includingthe hereditary preddency of the company to the Earldom of Onslow and the erection of a chapel for his family, &c. The correspondence, however, merely amounted to an expression of Lord Onslow's readiness, as soon as a company sbould be formed, to enter into an agreement for a sale of the land. Contract binding upon him there was none, there being no one with whom he could then contract. Broun and Sprye, however, might be said to have secured the " goodwill" of this sort of treaty wlth Lord Onslow. On the 5th of February, 1850. the compony was provisionally registered. His Honour then detailed at considerable length the proceedings intervening between that period and December, 1850. At that time an agreement between the four provisional trustees and Broun and Sprye, for the purchase of their interest in the contract or negotiation with Lord Onslow, in their negotiations withlthe South-Wectern Railway and with the commoners of the manor of Woli,s, andgeneraUy in theproject, was iacourse of arrangement. Lord Onslow, by his solicitor, most clearly and uinequivocaUy at this period repudiated everything connected with the former negotiations with Broun and Sprye, and declined, In peremptory terms, to enter into any contract with them, It appeared clear that the fonr provisional trustees ceoncluded their contract with Broun and Sprye after full notice that Lord Onslow had repudiated all negotiations with them, and if they had been acting merely as individuals, and not on behalf of a company, he should have no hesitation in enforcing the compact entered into in December, 1850, against them. It was important to the position of Sprye that he knew that they were acting as directors of the company and as trustees of the money to be raised from the future sharebolders. HIe ought to have been very guarded in all his dealings with them, treating as he was for the payment to himself of trust moneys. On the 13th of December the proposed agreement, with the reCitals only, was read, to which the board attached their signatures in token of adhesion. These recitals were very peculiar. (His Honour referred at grett length to these recitals, which distinctly represented that Broua and Sprye had entered into a contract with Lord Onslow for the purchase of his land, and that they would well aud effectually perfect this conitract at their own costs and cbarges.) In the agreement of thel18th of December, which contained these recitals, was an express and explicit covenant by Broua and Sprye that they wouid at their own expense perfect their agreement with Lord Onslow, by which the land would pass to the company. This agreement was to be subject to alteration on technical grounds by Sprye's solicitor. The alteration, however, which subsequently took place and appeared in the agreemeut of the Ist of April, 189l, could not be describsd as merelv technical, as it went to the very root of the matter. To revert, however:-On the 17th of December the four provisional trustees passed a most improper resolution, appropriating to themselves a Gnarter of the money of their future cestuisque trust. Sir R. Broun distinctly remonstrated upon the impropriety of this appropriation by the directors, and upon the clause baving been smuggled into the a,greement after it waq signed by him, were these directors in a position to deal fairly on behalf of their cestuique trust, so that their contract could be enforced against those cestuisque trust? Were they after this proposed appropriation in a condition to treat honestly for any material alteration in the agree- ment? Some further proceedings took place with refeifrnco to the agreement, in the conrse of whioh Mr. Sewell showed himself very energetic and active on behalf of his client, Mr. Sprye, his endeavours being directed to this,- that Broun and Sprye should only transfer to the company that interest In the contract for the purohbse of Lord Onelow's land which they actually possessed. The result was that the directors on behalf of the conipany took upon themselves the expense of any suit against Lord Onslow to compel him to transfer tho band, which Broun and Sprye undertook to convey, being, as they said, ad. vised by counsel that they could enforce specific performance from his Lordship. H[is Honour then referred to the agreement of the 1st of April, 1851, differing, as he observed, most materially from aU the other documents pre. viously signed, in that It contained the appropriation to the directors of one-fourth of the profits, and omitted that which was most beneficial for the cestuisque trust, the clause by which Broun and Sprye bound themselves to perfect their contract with Lord Onslow at their own expense and obtain A transfer of the laud to the ccmpany. It was impossible to say that this variation, wvhich went to the very root of the contract, this reservatioD of interest to the trustees, coupled with the with. drawal of a distinct benefit from the GssIUi Su trust, would not vitiate the agreenhent of tho 1st of Apr, independently of the Act of 152. The purchase from Lord Ouslow was suheequently effected, and no doubt the company had derived gteat advanttage from the goodwill at least existino in Brout and Spr3e and the steps taken by them in 1849 with a view tom ich a purchase. .Iis Honour then referred to the prospectus and the deed of settlement, and the proce,eings takeii with reference to the Act of 1852. Sir Richard Broun had about this period indulged in most intemperate leoguage in his letters in respect of the company rnd their proposed act of incorporation. This, however, wasnot surprising, ashe seemed utterly de-titute of all sense of propriety, havng thought fit during the progress of this bill to address letters to him (the Vice-Chancellor) of a most improper character. While the Act was being carried through Parliament the parties were clearly at arms' length, Broun and Sprye having petitioned against the Bill, or, at all events, for a recognition and protectioxn of their interests ; and the assertion of their rights before the Act incorporating the company passed was of considerable imDportance, looking at the recent decisions in the Honse of Lords as to contracts entered into on behalf of companies before incorporation. The company were forced-and it maust be taken that there was no concession on either ade-into the insertion of clause 31, wbich provided, "1that nothing in the Act contained should deprive any party or parties of any legal or equitable rights, interests, or claims to which such party might be entitled by virtue of any agreement or agreements entered into by any person or persons for the time being acting as provisional trustees for the company before the complete registraon thereof, and any such person so acting as suoh provisional trustee should be held to have acted on behalf of the company by the Act Incorporated, as if the seal of the company had been affixed to such agreement at the date thereof respectively, provided that nothing in such agreemnentsshouldbhind or enable the company to transfer or convey away any portion of the land comprised in the schedule to any party claiming under such agree. nient, but that any claim with reference to any such land should be treated as a question of pecuniary compensation or damages only." It might be observed upon this clause that it did not confirn the agreement oE April, 1851, for if so it would have been di. rectly mentioned. The provisional trustees were thereby coDstituted agents of the company for any purpose the company could bind itself to; and, further, the legitimate inference arose that the Act must be taken to rccognize the agreement of April, 1851, and affect the company with notice of it, subject to such defects and objections as were apparent upon its face. There was something, however, behind this agreement of April of which the company qu& company was not aware. No notice was given to them of the very important agreement of the 18th of December, 1850, under which they were entitled to so much greater benefits. The agreement of Decpmber was the one really made, and by that the directors should have stood. That agreement, however, could not have been enforced against the shareholders. The land was not, and could not, under the circumstances, have been obtained from Lord Onslow through the mediuma of Broun asnd Sprye, nor from any estate existing in them. No doubt, the acquisition of the land was facilitated by their previous negotiations with Lord Onslow, but tho#e did not amount to a contract. If the company had got the benefit of the agreement with Broun and Sprye, and thereby become possessed of the thing itself contracted for, "Bellamy v. Sabine" would be applicable, and he should have had no difficulty in establishing the lien of the plaintiffs as mort- agees. The land, however, had been obtained from Lord glnslow Independently, and as the plaintiffs had failed to establish any contract binding upon the Court, the bill mnst be dismissed. He did so, however, very reluctantly, as he thought that Broun and Sprye were entitled to a considerable recompense for the real benefits which they had conferred upon the company, by their activity and enter p rise in propounding the scheme, their choice of site, &o. They had great cause to complain of the Way in which they had bean treated, and of this attempt by the comnpany to make out a conspiracy between the provisonal trustees and Broun end Sprye, which had not been supported. For these reasons tho bill, though dismissed, would be disissed without costs. lr. Cairns, Mr. Greene, and Mr. Dauncr appeared for the plaintiffs; the Attorney-General, Mfr. Willcook, and Mr. C. T. Simpson for the company; Mfr. Daniel, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Shapter, Mr. Hardy, Mr. Fooks, and Mr. Biron for other parties, VZLLESLEY V. LORD MORNTLNGTONr. The VICE CHAUNCELLOR also gave judgment In this petition, which involved the following short question :-By the marriage settlement of the late Earl of Mornington certain Iri8h estates were charged with 25,0001., by way of portions for the younger children of the marriage. These £rish estates were sold in the Encumbered Estates Court, and 25,0001. was set apart by the commissloners out of the proceeds to answer the portions charged thereon. This 25,0001. was Invested, and the dividends were received by the late earl, who died on the 1st of July last. The q astion arose as to the dividend accruing upon the 5th of July between the present Earl of Mornington and the younger children, upon petition for payment of their portions. The VICE-CIITANCLLOR, after referring to the Encurnbered Estates Act (Ilth and 12th Victoria, cap. 48). and the order of the commisdoners in Ireland, said that the 25,0001., when invested, was during the lifetime of the tenant for life to be dealt with as land. The Legislatare did not intend to interfere with the rights of persons entitled to the land beyond making a provision for the pay. mant of encumbrances. The lste earl therefore was clearly entitled during his life to the income of the 25,0001. as if it had been land, and the petitioners would only receive the apportioned part or the dividends accrued since the 1st of July last. Mr. Cairns, Mr. Rolt, Mr. mDreco, Mr. Nalder, Mr. Bagshawe, jun., and Mr. P. G. A. Williams appeared upon the petition.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCE, GUILDIIALL. DEC. 23 THE QUXE.S V. BOBLNSOS. (Siings at NUi Prius, beforc Lord CAXPBELL and a Special.Turv.) Mr. Serjeant Byles, Mr. Euddleston, Q.C., Mr. Hawkins, and Mr. Harrlson appeared for the prosecution; and Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Hodgson for the defendaut. The trlal of this lndicotment, 'which has already occul led the Court the whole of two days, was resumed this morning and was not concluded till a late hour. The defendant, Robert Ansley Robinson, was indicted for wllful and corrupt perjury, assigned upon a depo3ilion made by kin In the Arches Court of Canterbury. A Mr. Omwell Lloyd Evans had instituted a suit in that court against his wife, Mary Sophia Evans, for a divorce, upon the ground of adultery committed with the defendant, and the deposition on which the perjury was now asigned was made by the defendant in opposition to that suit. The case for the defendant having been concladed las; Dight, Mr. Sergeant BYLES now replied upon the whole case and began by observing that, if the case was important to the defendant, it was no lessso to the prosecutor, who was charged with coming here with perjured witnesses to destroy the character of auinnocent lady. Heentreated the juryto abstain from forming an opinion on the case before they had heard counsel on both 'sides and the Bumming up of the learned judge. In an action for criminal conversation it was not necessary to prove the adultery by direct evidence, but it was sufficient to prove circumstances which led men of the world to the conclusion that adultery had taken place. Such circumstances, the learned serjeaut thought, abounded In the defendant's own deposition. The learned counsel (Sir F. Theslger) had complained that the defendant's month was sealed; but that observation was not just, for the first piece of evidence put In was the defendant's own deposition, in which he gave his own version of the case, subject only to that shadow and pretext of cross-ex. amination which was aUowed in the Ecclesiastical Court. Nor could It be said that his mouth was sealed, when he had the learned counsel, Sir F.Thesiger,ashisadvocate,who was fac-it princeps of the common law bar. It was said tho defendant had denied the charge upon his oath; but that was only what might be expected. The charge was of such a nature that it was always denied both by men and women. The defendant did not deny it on oath till after the second trial, when he was told by the Lord Chief Baron that an innocent man ought to, and would, deny it upon his oath. He then swore the deposition in favour of Mrs. Evans, and, having sworn for her, Mrs. Evans could not do otherwise than swear for him. It had once beeu said that languge was given to man to conceal his thonghts; and the jury, who, had seen and heard Mrs. Evans, would say what they thought of her manner and the evidence she had given. She admitted her intimacy with the defendant, and that on three several occasions she, a young married woman, had applied to him, a married man, to take apartments for her, and that thev were taken within a few yards of the place where he was living. She admitted that he had vssited her every day but one, that he stayed an hour and a-half at a time, that the blinds were put down, that he was in the habit of riding and walking out wlth her, and that he took her to the theatre. Mr. BMyllus also stated that he had left them together in the drawing-roDm in Bryanston-street as late as 10 or 11 oclock at night. Why should a man without his wife, and a wife without her husband, thus meet on three several occasions in London? It was putting the match to gunnowder, or a spark to tow; but no reason was eiven. The learned serjeant then r4ferred to the evidence of Hiss Griffith, who said that in 1S45 she had seen the parties walking together in Miss Maxwell's garden at Twining, and that the defendant put his arms round her waist and kissed her. Terman, her father's footman, proved that in 1846 shehad shown herself to the defendant on the staircase with out her frock; and the page, Crush, stated that in 184S he had seen him kiss Miss Carrington on the stairs. Clark, the flyman, proved that In 1845 he had been ordered by the defendant to drive Miss Carrington in her baUroom dress out of her way, in the direction of his own house. The other flyman. Boston, who spoke to the affair in the fly in Julv, 1849, was confirmed by a respectable witness, Mr. ArIlquhan, and the witness Blandford. The facts referred to were strong evidence of improprietieS having taken place before mar. riage, and they showed that the defendanSt would have strong motives for wishing to see her married to some one. It was therefore highly probable that the conversation alleged really did take place at the club, and that the defendant used the words, speaking of Mr. Evans, "He was a slippery fish, bnt we have hooked him at last." Mr. Sohonswar's evidence on that point was not oontradicted by the waiter, Morgan, the only difference between them being that the latter spoke in the third while Mr. Scehnswar spoke in the first person. Thelearned serjeant here read the concluding portion of Mr. Evarss letter written to his wife on their separation in 11arcls, 1551, xud contended that thtpatsage showed that he considered himEelf ' deceived" bybla wife. S-r F. TnESIEItn here observed that a very unfair use was being made of MIr. Evans's letter; for it the whole letter were read it would appear that the " deception z re. ferned to anothermatter, and not to a suspected infidelity. The letter referred to ran as follows, and we giva it entire:- "You ave reusi allthisn.~ Sinclair-vlUa, MTarch 22, 1851. Youbave brouRbt aU this onyourself tlary. To the last moment you persisted in your declaration that you would never ome into my bouse while my motber was in itt except as a visitor. You did not c,n.e to this oonclusion suddenly, but after the oOnsideration of more tban a month. The meeting at your father's boue 3eiterday Was fixed hy aslsothtofinally settlethe questioin3. Voualowed me to leavethe houps without Altering yoar dleter.elnatlon or glvieg mne the bait idea son ever meant to do s^. This was Your or_ Act, and yon must he accountable for it. You know I have always told you, if you ever did come to the concluIon of learviz me, I woul'l never receive you agsins uto my house, and I never will. In fact, I wonder, after the language you used to tue yesterday, bow you could ever expect or ask such a thieg of m.e. Can E wish to live with you again when you have giosely deceived me, when you have never ceased to abase me, and mic. repr,sent everythiDc I have ever done or said since our marriage; w*een you bhve shown 3ouraelf utterly heartlesa, mAd when I am perfcctly awale, from my own knowledge of your disnP^ition, that your content to come and live hero now uncondItionally (whlch seerom to be implied, though not directly expressed, in vour)hetter of -hz mornIg) doe, nor proceed from any change In Zour feelings towards me, but only from a wih to avod nupleasantcircumstlances to ourself, and hasbeen ob. tamed from you entirely by the interference 01 yolur father rnd mother ' I have now lost all cnfidence Ifn you. I was o,,ce foolish enough us eliF ve yot, to my cost. finoce then I have growFn tos wise to give you another opportunity ot deceiving me. . L EVAS.' Mr. SerjeaDt BYLES then referred to the fact that the defendant had taken lodginge for Mrs. Evans in Seymour-street ir 1&52, but what took place there could only be inferred from what occurred irn the Eigware-road in 1853, and at Bryanston-street in 1854. The fact that the defendant had the latch-key in the Eig. ware-road was proved by Mrs. Phillipg, and confirmed by Mr. Phillips and the maid-servant Jemima Miller. If the jury believed that fact, what was the fair inference ? And if that inference was drawn, what would be likely to take place in the month of August in the same year, 1853, when the parties vwere at Cheltenham 9 Mrs. Evans was then living with her father at Cheltenham. The defendant could get no lodgings nor latch-key there; he was a magistrate, and well knovrn, and it was Impossible to take her to any house, as might be done in London. This rendered Munn's story probable. Manu. had mentioned what he saw at the time, but he did not mention it publicly till he heard the defendant was aboun to deny the whole charge made against him. and even then he did not come forward to give evidence till the matter had come to the cars of his master, Captain Henry, when ho was ordered to be examint d. In the first instance, Mulnn thought the circumrstance took place in July; but he fixed the time by saying that it was when he lay down the gravel, and that was now proved to have been on the 12th of Angust. Several witnesses h.i been examined to prove that Miss Frances Carrington could not havo been with Mrs. Evans on that evening, as alleged by the witness, because she was at the time in Dublhn but if that fact was established it might well be that he had mistaken another young lady for her, and yet that he w,as worthy of belief as to the main fact. The learned serjeant contended that if Mr. Evans believed his wife to be guilty, there was no reason why he should not apply to Field, nor wby Field should not go to Mrs. King. It was indeed an evly hour ia whieh Field had applied to Mrs. King, for it had been her ruin, and now she was dragged to her tri.1 for perjury and conspiracy. Three women had come forward and spoken to the fact of adaltery, and why were they not to be believed? True it was that hMrs. King was not chaste; but there was no ground for saying she was such a cold-bloodedwretch as to eome forward falsely to ruin a woman who had done her no wrong. She was confirmed by Mrs. Grocott, whose character was not touched. She was also corroboratedby hrs. Price, a woman whose husband had left her and gone to Australia, but who was buffeting with the waves of this troublesome world by keeping a lodginghouse. Did the jury believe that Mrs. Price had come to damn her soul by giving false evidenen ? Sir F. Thesiger had complained that he (Mr. Serjeant Byles) had not called Field as a witness. The reason was he had called every witness who had seen anythinig. But, let him ask, why had the defendant not caUed tho girl Ellen Davis, wbo was Mrs. Evans's maid in Bryanstone-street ? Great pains had been taken to show the efforts made to produce Mrs. Bick, who was Mrs. Evans's maid in the Edgware-road; but no exeuse whatever had been given for not ealing Ellen Davis. The learned serjeaut then contendei that the mode in which the offence was alleged to have been committed on the 4th and 5th of July was highly probable under the circumstances, and that the evidence of Mrs. King, Ms.Grocott, andMrs. Price was conclusive upon that point. The conversatIon between the defendant and Mrs. King on the 10th of August, in which he had tampered with her and endeavoured to persua.de her to go out of the way ant take the cook with her, was not only proved by Mrs. King herself, but also by Mrs. Grocott, who was by at thetime and heardthe conversation. Thelearned serjeantthEn came to the acibi set un on the 4th and 5th of Julv, and contended that it was quite consistent with the evidence given by Mr. Mylius, mrs. M'Donald, Mr. Thackeray, and other witnesses, that the defendant was in the house at the time mentioned. Besides, if the ebarge was false, was it likely the witnesses would have laid the scene at a time when the defendant was not in the house? The fact of his not being there depended on the denial of Mr'. Evans and the defendant; and if juries would only convict where the parties themselves told, they would have to wa t til domesday. It was very probable the dofendart had not used a latchkey in the presence of h's son; for there was something holy aboutt a ch:ld, and God bad glven them as the best safeguards of human virtue. After some further observations, the learned seraeaut concluded his address by calling on the jury t find the defendant guilty. Lord C-u.BErLL then susmmed up the evidence at great length, and began by observing that the ease was one of great aniety-almost as much so to the judge and jury as it was to the parties themselves. The jury had to decide upon conflicting evidence which eould in no respect be re. coneUed, so that there must be perjury upon the one side or on the other. The defendant was indicted for perjury assigned upon a deposition made in the Eeclesiastical Court, in a suit for a divorce instituted by Mr. Evans against hi; wife, and there were various assignments of perjury, which would require their special attention. It would be his i(Lord Campbell's) duty to submit those assignments to the jury, and to mention to them the questions on which their verdict would depsnd. Those questions were six in number. 1. Did iieit intercourse take place between the defendant and Miss Carrington in the fly, on the road at Cheltenham, in July, 1849 ? . Did the defendant speak the words aUesged in the club a- Cheltenhanm, in 1850, respecting te mTarria7e of Miss Carrigton to Mr. Evans? 3. Flad the defendant a latchkey when Mrs. Evans was lodging at Mr. Phillips's, ia the Edgware-road, in the year 15I3 ? 4. Did illicit intercourse take place between the defendant and Mrs. Evans, as stated by the witness Munn, in Augnut. 1853 ? 5. old iUicit intercourse take place between the defendant and Mfrs. Evans on the 4th and 5th of July, 1854. when Mrs. Evans was lodging in Bryanston-street? And, 6thly, Did the defendant attempt to tamper with Mrs. King on the 10th of August, 1854, before the first trial, as stated by her? It would te for the jury to answer those questions. Happily, hy the constitution of this country, queslions arisng on conflictirg evidence were to be decided h a jur, which was the betcs tribunal ever Invented by the wit of man for the decision of such questions. The jury would found their verdict upon the evidence given on both sides, bearing in mind the abl discussion which the questions had undergone and tie powerful speeches to which they had listened. It was not his (Lord Campbell's) habit to read over the whole of the evidence In a cause, for he thought that, in general, such a course tended rather to perplex than t; Assista jury; but, inacasmof this sort, he feltitto be hLs bounden duty to read over the whole, to call their attenti sa to every part of it, and, so far as he could, to assist tbem in seeing its bearing upon the whole. At the same time his Lordship told the jury they ougbtnotto be infloenced by anv observations he might make unless they entirely concurred in thenom.After stating generaUy the nalure of the formal evidence, and that thedefendant in his deposition had danied all the allegations brought against him, his Lordship read over that portion of the defendant's deposition in vbich he swore that he never did, on any occasion, either before or after marriage, take indecent liberties with Urs. Evans, a,d that he never did commit adultery with ber. The object in giving evidence of familiarities before marriage wa; t:, show that, if the opportunity were afforded, it woas trobahle, from the previous familiarities, that the party would indulge his propensities. His Lordship then rpad through the evirence of Miss Griffiths, of what she said she saw in MNss Maxwell's garden in 1S45. His Lordship ob,ervedl that the circumstance was mentioned to Miss Maxwell at the time, tbcueh it was not mentioned to Mr. Evans till January, lF56, If the defendant had kissed Miss Casrington in the garden, as alleged, he b7eing married man, it was no doubt an imnproper familiarity; but it wAs denied by the defendiant, and! aso by Mrs. Evans, rwho said she had a sprained ankle, sncd ras unable to have walked in the garden. His Lordsnop then read over the evidence of Serman, the footman, who, spoke to Miss Carrlngton's coming out of her room in 1846 without her froolc, and the evidence of Crash the pae, who said he saw the defendant in 1l4S kiss her on the staircase. Re (Lord Campbell) had thought it to be his duty to ask Mrs. Evans whether the latter circumstance had taken place, and she had denied it; and it would bs for the inry to say whether they beievedher denial, or the wltness. His Lordship then read over the evidence of Boston. the flyman, AS to what he said he saw in his fly in July. 1849, and caUed their attention to the fact, admitted by Boston on cross-examination, that his master had discharged him from his service on the ground that, at the trial at Liverpnol, he had falsely stated that he had tod him (his master) of wbat he bad seen in the cab. His Lardship also referred to the corroboration given to the flyman's evidence by Mr. M'lquhan, who said he sawv the defendant with has face toward him lemning over what appeared to be a lady: and to the circumstances that both M'Ilquhan and another witness, Blandford, corroborated Boston's stateraent, tha. he (Boston) had made a signal to them to see what was going on in the cab. His Lordship also read over the evidence of the flyman Clark as to what oconrred after the bal in 184o, and said that if that evidence was true it certainly showed great familiarity before the marriage. The second question was whether the declaration alleged to have been made bY the defendant in the club at Cheltenham had, in fact, been made. That was denied by the defendant, bat proved bp Mr. Schonswar and the waiter Mlorgan. The jury had seen those two witnesses, and they could judge of their demeanoutr and the probability of their inventing the story. bearing In mind that there was another party present who was not called. The third question was as to the latchkey. His Lordship read over Mrs. Phillips'e evidence on this point, and observed that the first night Mrs. Evans came to her honso ifrs. Phillips told her husband she had a susplcion that Mrs. Evans was a kept woman. When, therefore, the defendant asked for a latch. rey that must have strengthenei her suspicion. It was strange, therefore, that under the circmstances she should have given him the key. She, however, stated that she saw nothingd improper in Mrs. Evans's ondnct. Her storv al to the key was confirmed by the servant, Jeminsa Miller, asa plso by her husband, MEr. Phillips, und his Lqrdshib
ADMiIRALTY COURT. DEC. 23. THE NPTUNTR.-ATT.TqTAnJ (Before Dr. LtrsmNGTON.) This was a damage suit brought bythe owners of the Ecrew steamnship Genova, 349 tons, and engines of 100-horse power, against those of the Norwegian brig Neptunus, 221 tons. The collision ocourred between 11 and 12 o'clock on the night of the 17th of June last aboat ten miles off Beachy Head, in the Enghsh Channel, the steamer being on her way at the time from Palermo to London with a general cargo, and the brig being on her way from Christiausand to Bordeaux with a cargo of battens. The weather was clear, and both the steamer and the brig were going at the rate of about five knots an hour. There was the usual conflicting evidence as to the cause of the collision. The account given by the crew of the Genova was that the brig, which carried no light, was first seen about a point and a-half on her port bov; that her helm was immediately ported; that the brig, when she came withiu a cable's length, suddenly starboarded; that her engines were thereupon reversed, but the brig, keeping her helm to starboard, ran stem on into her port bow, doing considerable dauage. The brig, on the other hand, alleged that she first saw the mastlight of the steamer about two miles off, two or three points on the starboard bow; that the light was afterwards seen between three and four points on the starboard bow ; that the helm was then slightly starboarded for the purpose of increasing the distanee between the two vessels, and a signal lantern shown over the starboard quarter; that the steamer approached, and when three or four cables' length off suddenly ported, instead of keeping her course; that she immediately starboarded, but the steamer keeping her helm aport ran stem on into her starboard bow and injured her so much that if she had not been carrying timber she must bave foundered. The brig further alleged that the injuries sustained by the steamer were for the most part caused by a collision which occurred about an hour after the one now in queston between her and another steamer. This was de. uied on the part of the Genova. There was a cross action brought by the owners of the Neptunus against the Ge. nova, Dr. Deane and Dr. Twiss appeared for the Genova; the Admiralty Advocate and Dr. Spinks for the Neptunus. The TRINITY MASTERS were of opinion that the steamer alone was to blame.
LAW A7OTIClS.-This Day. BANURUPTCY COURT. A ENGASTgX* (Beft re Mr. Coinmiesioner EvANS.) b. Cbrist,ie-certiiiaote atlU. 3. SteedWan-mUditandexamination atlL R. rPalmer - a,dit and certifeate at haU-part I1. C. Warwiek -lat exminatlon at 1. C E. B.ok, certificate aud audit at half.pit 12. Francis and Auaten-lant exandatlon, at 1. H. Stubbe-eecati.i cate and audit at 2. COURT OF CH&NCERY.-NOTICE. Durbng the vacation until fulther Lo-ice all applitions wbich are teteawaiy to be made to ehambers are to be made to the chAmbera of the Vice-Chantellor Wood. Patties deirlug to waka any uirgent ape5lal ap lio.tion to the Court during the v,eatlon are to apply at the *aid chambers for an appoiat. rnput. The chambers of the Vieo-Chaneellor Wood will hbe pen on T u- day, Wedneaday Thursday. and Frid.yi. eachw eek frornll tel. ,Advertisemenl.].-The 'Era" newspaper will contan oslatnal and excinoivo eritiques ot everv burtlFeque an'i pantomilea written by teventten In`uentjaj and talented wricers also tbe provina del. American, and AuStr~ilaa drozn,a-tbe Pulpit and the 8tageTopics or The Week-Relief to Lucknow-Secerity of the Wosen Cbil.d,on,, and Wonnded lu,por l~t Telegramu from India-SorrOw o Old Father Ohrlat=zn HapptpIVeNo,ke-r toll-Woman' Wa nets and Seductive Powere of a Pole-ieensePd Vl..tualjeru aud tbe .,nited Towns' Deft neo Leacue-" £ouchstonee'" seasonable Sporting Iteoieka anldPeep at the Deyby of le5s. Ordes ofall neavagets alln ruliway atatoons, o0r sEead six postne-otanml,a to tiae :Eca" liot,,e 3, C,ttbvriuc-etrsot, Sotanmi,.'.
BANRBUPTOY COURT, Bla gha-stre#4 Dm 23. IN RE LAZARUS SAMSON. (Bcforc Mr. COmmifsioner PONBsLAuouxI 're bankrupt was a merchant of Houndsditch. His accounts extend from January 1, 1856, to November3, 1857, and contain the following items :-Dr.-Unsecured creditors, 37,7731. ; creditors holding security, 12,1471.; liabilities, 16,3471.; profits, 1,6961.- surplus January 1, 1 1856, 2,3021. Cr.-Property meld iy secured creditors, i 11,9001.; other property, 19,3141.; balance upon consignmeDt I account, 17,2471; good debtors, 531.; losses, 2,8011.; trade expenses, 1,1491.; house expenses, 1,4531. The secured creditors include the Ottoman Bank, 10,4201., the bank holding Joseph Levy's draughts ou the bankrupt, 10,4201., and a quantity of loose diamonds and other articles of the value of about 9,4001. A note is afflxed to the proceedings, setting forth that these diamonds were handed by Messrs. Posno and Co., of Constantinople, to Mr. Levy for disposal, and for better security were deposited by them with the bank on quitting England, with instructions to the effect that should certain parties who had been negotiating for their possession agree to take them at the price required by Mr. Levy they were to be handed over; the bank were to pay Posno and Co. their claim for them, and place the difference to Mr. J. Levy's account, as agent to Mr. Samson. The bank now state the diamonds were deposited as further security for their account, and refuse to give them up to Posno and Co., who claim them as their property. The bankrupt's liabilities include his acceptances to J. Levy 4401., and for which he states he has not received any consideration, and of hils losses 2,7791. are on sbares. The property given up includes 2 5001. in the form of sundry shares and scrip, also diamonds 4,0001.; and the whole is valued at about 18,0001., subject to realization. Mr. LA-wRANCE, for a creditor, asked for an adjournment. Accounts were required from Constantinople; a good account was also required. Adjournment ordered. THE DARtTFORD A-ND GRAVESEND BANK. Mr. Xiobert Hills surrendered to-day to the adjudication of bankruptoy against this bank. The other partner, hr. Jonathan Hils, will, it is expected, surrender at no distant day. IN RE JAMES CllARLES JOHNS. The bankrupt is described as a biUbroker and commission agent, of 7, Duchess-street, Portland-place. His accounts show-unsecured creditors, 1,7671.; creditors holding security, 9971.; property held by creditors, 2001. ; post obit bond of the Hon. G. A. Hamilton Chichester for 6001., payable on the death of the Marquis of Donegal; doubtful debtors, 4501. The bankrupt returns as debtors to his estate-S. W. Stevenson, late of the Carabineers, 401. ; Captain Presant, 2671.; Mr. Paxton, son of Sir Joseph Paxton, 463t. This was an examination meeting. Mr. Reed opposed; Mr. Dalton supported. Mr. REED urged that the bankrupt had availed himself of the services of the Insolvent Court four times, and ef this Court on a previous occasion. The bankrupt, examined, said he had advanced Mr. George Augustus Hamilton Chichester 6001., for the purpose of obtaining a commission in the army for Mr. Stevenson. He had advanced another Mr. Stevenson, who was an officer in the Carabineers, a surn of money to t him out of Warwick Castle, but Stevenson en getting his release " bolted." Some years ago he (bankrupt) was a director of a public compaby, and he had been in the habit of keepingrace-horses. Very ossibly he kept his racehorses out of the profits of the biUbroking busmess. The CoMMISSIoNER.-It seems very odd. Examination continued.-His horse, The Bruiser, ran at Worcester last year. Topsy also ran. They ran in the name of Captain Presant, whom he had mentioned as having been in the Insolvent Court. He (bankrupt) now owed aIr. Kerr Lewis, tailor and bill discounter, about 9001.. and Mr. Lewis bad had the horses and a bill of sale, Had known Mr. Lewis a long time. A bill produced was one upon which Sir Joseph Paxton's so;n had -worn that he had never received a farthing. He (bankrupt) had put his name upon blUs to the amount of 9001. Mr. Lewis would not have discounted them without his endorsement. From 1838 to the present time the debts from which he had been relieved by this and the Insolvent Court amounted to many thousand pounds, at least 14,0001.-he could not say how many. On one occasion 2,4001. had been paid to the Insolvent Court towards the liquidation of his debts, By Mr. DALTON.-Mr. Stevenson advanced to him the 6001. to obtain the commission, and he advaneed it to Mr. Chichester, who undertook to use his interest in the proper quarter. The Commander-in-Chief died, and Mr. Simpson inding that he (Ur. Simpson) had two strings to his bow had " cried off." Mr. Stevenson's claim went to the Kingston assizes, when he (bankrupt) arranged to lye him 4001 and costs. Mr. Simpson's costs were 136I &r. Chichester then gave him the 6001. bond. In July, 1856, he obtained his certifieate. His accounts now showed that he had a capt of 3231. on the vers next day. TCosMIsssoNxrs-1 shall adjourn the examination sine dic. It is a scandalous case. There are no assets. I do not (on referring to tbem) find in Mr. Chichester's ac. counts the slightest trace of this bond. Mr. DALTON.-It is to be regretted that the bankrupt is the only person before you. Adjournment sine die ordered.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, Dec. 23. IN RE JOfLX KRETT.VT (Before the OmEs Coeammq I in this case a complaint was made by the insolvent against an attorney, Mr. Henry Edward Broussard Giles, of 28, Basinghall-street, and Mr. Robert Drew, his clerk. The Insolvent alleged that Drew had undertaken, as clerk to Mr. Giles, to transact the business in this court for a sum of 81.; that he afterwards demanded 101., and ultimately required and received of the wife of the insolvent 121., which he mentioned as the sum her husband desired her to pay. Subsequently another amount ef 31. 1Os., for counsePs fees, was paid, and finally 71., with which MIr. Drew pro- ised to pay the surplus value of the excepted articles. Upon the part of Mr. Giles and Mr. Drew it was alleged that 101. had been the original agreement, but that other business beyond that relating to the petition in this court had been transacted. The last 71. it was admitted bad been received subject to the promise of Mr. Drew to pay the surplus value of the excepted articles, which bad not been done, and the reason assigned was that, as the amount to bpad in was so small-only Ui 15s.-it was thought pro. bable the Court would forego it, and that, at all events, it was a matter that could stand over until the hearing. After hea-ring Mr. SxA-ROOD for the insolvent, and Mr; Dowsg for Mr. Giles, The CmrF CoismissToNmm said he was of opinion that the 71. had been improperly obtained, and therefore neither Mr. Giles nor Mr. Drew would in future be allowed to in. terfere in the business of this court.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Dec. 23. (Before Mr. CxRxAY a(nd a Bemch of .aglstratcs ct Westminstr.) Hugh Brady, the poUce-constable convicted on Friday last of an assault upon Diedrich Rathgen, a German, was brought up for judgment. Mr. CREASY said the prisoner bad been convicted of one of the gravest offences it had ever been his lot to try. A graver seldom came beforo a court of justice. It was proved, upon what he must say was evidence of the clearest character, that he had grossly insulted a married woman of respectability while he was performing the duty of a police constable, and when he found that the husband of the woman he had so insulted had taken his number for I the purpose of reporting him to the police authorities for his misconduct he attacked him with his truncheon, and committed the brutal and cowardly assatult of which he had been convicted. Not only did he do that, but he took his victim into custody on a charge of his having assaulted him with a poker-a charge which he supported by perjury before the magistrate, and also at this court, when he was disbelieved by the jury, who acquitted MIr. Ratbgen. Fortunately for the ends of justice, the prisoner had been convicted, and from inquiry which had eeen made as to his antecedents it appeared that he was not entitled to the good character he had received with respect to hisconduct while in the Crimea in the Land Transport Servce, for he had been reducedfor committinga serious assault. Looking at all the circumstances, especially to the fact that at the trial the prisoner was a police-constable, whose duty was to protect the public, he felt bound to pass upon him the full sentence the law allowed, and regretted he could not give even more. The sentence was that the prisoner be kept to hard labour in the House of Correctionfortheperiod of two years. Mr. VANN, the solicitor for the prosecution,in the absence of Mr. Sleigh, renewed an application made on Friday by the latter gentleman, for full costs, but the Court decided that the usual costs only should be allowed. James Terry, 63, pleaded " Guilty " to an indictment pre ferred against him by direction of the parochial authorities of MIarylebone, for having unlawfully kept and used the house No. 40, IJpper NXorton-street, as a brothel. He was sentenced to four months' hard labour. Mlr. MWetcalfe, instructed by MEr. Randall, the parish solicitor, prosecuted; Mr. Lewis appeared for the de- Edward East, a stonemason, was convieted of inflicting grievous bodily harm upon his wife, by cutting her head open with a looking -lass frame, and it was proved that he had often illtreated her. He was sentenced to hard labour for 18 calendar months. Mr. Daley prosecuted; Mr. Metcalfe defended. David Evans, 20, was convicted of stealing a watch from the person of John Colt, a warder of the Weedon Prison, while standing on the Horse Guards Parade, as Her Majesty was passing to open Parliament. He was sentenced to four months' hard labour. The last case tried was that of a person named Sutton, who was charged with assaulting a gentleman named Lewis, on the occasion of the latter waiting upon him in reference to sone legal proceedings. The facts were of no interest except to the parties. The defendant in the result was fined 51. and disebarged. Mr. F H. Lewis proseeuted; Mr. Metcalfe was for the prisoner. Among the grand jurors summoned to state the reasons of their non-attendance on tbe first day of the sessions was Ar. Jobn Hullab, of St. 3lartin's-hail, who stated, in answer to Mr. CRRASY, that he was prevented attending by having to attend to professional duties. Air. CREASY said that reaUy was no excuse at all, every gentleman summoned might urge the same ground. Mr. Bullah said he was professor of music at the London University, and his attendanee here would have prevented his keeping his engagements there. Mr. CREASY said he too was a university professor, and he regretted that his public duty prevented him from releasing a brother professor from a fine which he had Incurred for not attending as a grand juror without mifficient legal excuse. Mr. Hullah must pay the l0. The sentence on the Life Guardsman, John Scott, convicted of robbing Lieutenant the Ron. C. B. Hanbary, was 5 years' penal servitude, and not 1 year's hard labour, as stated yesterday.
POLIOE. ANSIOIlrEOUsF-At the conclusion of the ordinary business of his Court yesterday, The LonD MAYOR naid,-I 'wsh particularly to draw the attention of the publio to the subject of begging letters, one case of which has lately come under my notice, and I wish to warn the public against a system which prevails at present most extensively of getting a living entirely by means of begging letters. It is known that there are parties who live entirely by exciting the feelings of the charitable, and they frequently do this under the Cloak of religion, and so make an impression upon the minds of people of a kind and generous disposition which otherwise they would not do, and which leads to assistance being rendered, often to a, considerable extent. I observe that a case came before the Court of Exchequer yesterday, in which a Mr. Waszkouskl was defendant,and I now find thatthissamo person, under arepresentation of great distress, obtained from the then Lord Mayor at this court the sum of Si. on the 1st of October, 1856, the Lord Mayor no doubt warmly compas. s8onating the recipient inhis distressas represented. I havo had many such applications made to me to which I have paid no sort of attention, for although I have, I trust, true feeling for real suffering and destitution, I have also, I think, some little discrimination in judging whether such representations are founded upon genuine distress or not, and I wamn all persons to whom such begging letters may hereafter be addressed to send them to the Mendicity Society Icor investigation, and according to the result of that in vestigation the parties can, if charitably disposed, respond to the appeal made to them, or the Mendicity Society can act as they think right towards the writers if the eases be fictitious. And It should be known to the pablic that there are in this city many people who get a living solely by writing begging letters for others, in which they ticturean scene of distress that mnay be required ityi8eir u eras They charge 6d- a letter, and whether it isa1boe leg" a "1husband klled in India," a " deaf and dumb" or "idiot child," a "family of helpless orphans," or a "1reduced gentlewoman" that is wanted, they are quite ready to earn their money and supply the de. mand, I have myself, since my accession to this chair, received a large number of letters of this description, which upon examination proved to be all in one handwriting, and were no doubt the production of one of these industrious inventors of "c ases of urgent distress." I must therefore repeatmy caution to thepublic to be careful how they respond to such appeals without proper investigation, for by so doing they only add to the extent of an already monstrous evil, which the exercise of a little discrimination would speedily lessen. We are requested to acknowledge the following contributions to the poor-box:-Mr. Roupell. LP., 101. 10s.; "Jury at Secondaries Court," 16s. "B. N." (half-note), 51. " Y. Z." also sent U. 5s. for Mrs. Brodie. GUDHALL,-William Jones waa charged with having unlawfuUy in his possession the battered remains of a sllver snuffbox, supposed to have been stolen. Police-constable 152 said,-Abouthalf -past 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon I met the prisoner in Barbican, and, knowingr something of him, I asked himn what he had about him, and he replied-" Only a bit of silver which I picked up." I took poeseesion of the " bit of silver," consisting of a silver snfox, wth the lid wrenched off, and both parts Alderman CARTE-ThJs looks like the produce of plunder, and I have no doubt it has been stolen from some one. Will you be able to find an owner for it? Inspector Fonlger.-I think it likely we may, Sir, as It is evidently a presentation box; but the initials on the top of the box and the inscription on the inside of the lid have been erased, with the exception of the words " To John in old English characters, which can only be discerned with the aid of a magnifying glass. The officer said the prisoner had given a false address. The box is of a deep oblong form, weighing 4joz., and rmade by Rawlings and Sumers, of Great Marlboroughst-reet. The prisoner was remanded. MABRIOROUG.I-STRlET.-Police-consIable Monk, C 161, was charged with having given perjured evidence apainst Isabelia Howard and Charlotte Stone. The accused took the two girls in custody about 2 o'clock that morning with the assistance of Police-constable 0 63, and at the station-house charged them with having annoyed gentlemen in Piccadilly. Police-sergeant C 5, shortly afterwards on going his rounds, finding the accused dronk on his beat, caused him to be detained in the station-house. The accused was allowed to appear at this court to make good, if possible, his charge against the two girls. The accused then swore that he had seen the girls annoy gentlemen in Piccadilly, that a complaint had been made to him, and that he then called Polie-constable 0 63 to assist him in conveying the girls to the station-house. Police-constable C 63, when put into the witness-box, said he was waiting for another constable in Piccadilly. He saw the two girls, and was certain that they did not accost any gentleman; indeed, there was no one at that time in Piccadilly to speak to. He heard the accused speak to the girls, CaU them little ducks, and say they had got a lot of Christmas about their legs. In a minute or two afterwards the accused called to him to assist in taking the girls to the station-house. He gave his assistance, but the acoused did not tell him why he took the girls into custody. On the way to the station-house they met Constable C 169, who released him from going further with the girl he had in cus. tody, and he returned to his beat. to questions from the acoused he replied that he did not knowo nor had lhe been in the habit of walking with either of the two girls. As the accused was afterwards found by his sergeant drunk on his beat, and as his evidence and that of 63 C was so oontradictory, Mr. BEADON decided on discharging the girls, and placing the accused in the position of defendant. Isabella Howard then said, as she was going home with Charlotte Stone the accused spoke to them, as described by olice-constable 063, and then took them into custody. They denied having spoken to any gentlemen, and they also declared they had no acquaintancowhatever with Police. constable C 63. Charlotte Stone confirmed the evidence of the first witness, denying in the strongest manner having spoken to any gentleman, or done anything to justify police interference. Police-sergeant C5 said after the accused had given in the charge he went on duty again. Shortly afterwards he found the accused in a state of evident intoxication, and he caused hirn to go to the station-house. The accused repeated be was certain that 0 63 knew one of the girls and that C 169 could confirm that assertion. C 169 when called said both girls were complete strangers The girl said to be known to C 63 was a girl hving in Carnaby-street, and not one of the two girls now present. The accused said he could bring the gentleman who had made a complaint to him of having been annoyed by these girls. He knew the gentleman well and had called on him that morning. A constable was sent by lMr. Beadon to the address given by the accused, but he could not find any gentleman there. Mr. BEADON said he was satisfied that the accusedahad given false evidence against the two girls, and had made a falso statement with reference to Police-constable C 63. There was no class of cases in which magistrates were more entirely dependent on the police for evidence to guide their decision than in caees of unfortunate women, who, though pests of society, must not, to uso a common saying, have their lives sworn away recklessly and wantonly. It was highly creditable to C 63, who had only been a few months in the force, that he should have had the courage to come forward and state the truth as he had done. But, with respect to Monk, he maust mark his sense of the gross perfury that constablehad committed by sending him to hardlbour for one month. For the poor-box have been sent from " E. Ratey," o51; " G.M. B.," 301 3s.; Mr. Roupell, M.P., 101. lOs. - "P. 0. H.," 51., who request an acknowledgment in The Times. MARYLEBoN .-Yesterday two halvelof Bank of Eng. land notes for 51. each were received for the poor-box of the court, one of them from "E. L. ;" the other donor gavenaelther name nor initials. Acknowledgments were requested Inn Te imes. WESTMINSTER.-James Barry, a powerful feUow, was finally examined, charged with the following dariug street robbery:- Williau Booth, a coachtrimmer, living at 1, Cottageplace, York-street, Lambeth, stated that at 6 o'clock last Saturday evening, as he was returning home from hts employment, he felt very cold and unwell, and went into a publiehouse at the corner of Strutton-ground, where he caUed for a little spirits and warm water. In taking up his cbange from the counter after paying for it he dropped sLxpence on the floor, and the prisoner, who -was present, assisted him to look for it until it was found. Prisoner then told him that he was a poor mechanic out of work, and asked him to treat him with some malt liquor, which prose. cutor did, and shortly afterwards left the house. He had not proceeded above 200 or 300 yards when somebody touched him on the shoulder, and on his turning round the acoused held him with the left hand while he thrust his right into his coat breastpooket and pulled out his pocketbook containing two halfsovereigns and some silver. Prisoner then gave prosecutor a vlolent push, which brought him to the ground, and before he could recover his feet the prisoner was off. Prosecutor immediately gave a description of the prisoner at the police station, and he was apprehended in about an hour afterwards. William Mayer, 214 B, said, he went with the prosecutor in search of the prisoner, and found him at a publichouse regaling himself with a glass of brandy and water. He took him into custody, and he proceeded very quietly till their atrival at the Gray Coat Hospital, where he threw himself down and collected a large crowd of persons, to one of whom-supposed to be his brother-he passed something in a paper. Prisoner made a vi.olent resistance aU the way to the station. The accused, who said nothing in defence, was committed for trial. 101. was received from the Mercers' Company and 51. from Colley, Smith, and Co., for the poor-box. CLERREYWELL.-The sitting Magistrate reanested outr reporter to aeknowledge the receipt of the halves of two 51.-notes from " P. V. L.," a 51.-note from " E. C.," 21. from " H R. H.," and 101. from the Mlisses Reid for the funds of the poor-box. TirAZs.-John Smith, a man of about 40. ars of age, described as a general dealer in drysaltery goods, was charged with fraud. Mr. Poland, barrister, stated the case for the prosecution. The gentleman for whom he appeared was a Mr. George Borwick, drysalter, London-wall, who is the manufaoturer of two articles, caUed respectively "Borwick's Baking Powder" and "Borwick's EggPowder." Tbe charge against the prisoner was that he had been disposing of spurious powders under the names of Borwicls Baking Powder and Borwick's Egg-Powder by means of forged labels resembling those issued by Mr. Borwick. The learned counsel called several witnesses, who clearly made out the case set up by him, and proved the worthlessness of the articles sold by the presoner, which did not contain the same Ingredients as were used by Mr. Borwickin the manufacture of his Baking Powders and Egg Powders. Inspector Griffin, of the K divIson, said, many forged labelsiand wrappers of other mauufacturers' goodg besideS Nfr. Borwicles were found in the prisoner's house. Mr. Poland said, he was only there to protect Mr. Borwick, and that if any other indiotments were to be preferred against the prisoner he would receive due notice. Mr. SELFE said, he should commit the prisoner for trial on this chargo, and he thought the case one of so much importance that he should send it to the Central Criminal Court, where the asdstance of one of the learned judges would be obtained. He dirocted Mfr. Bowdler, the jumor clerk, to take the depositions formally, and when they were completed said he would accept good baiL The prisoner was committed to gaol. LA)B=TR.-Afartha Garroway, a respectable-looklng iaddle-aged woman, who has held the situation of cook at LAmbeth Workhouse, was charged with unlawfully disposing o a quantity of tea, suet, dripping, and other things, the property of theguardians of the parish; and Elizabeth Catts, a young woman, who refused to give her address, was also charged with receiving the property with a guilty knowl edge. Mr. Solomon appeared on behalf of Garroway Mr. Piersea, the master of Lambeth Workhouse, said, that froma Information which had reached him he was induced to watch the prisoner Cutts, who had called on Garroway, and, obeerving her person to be rather bulky, he requested her on leaving the other prisoner to walk with him, as he had a question to ask her. The prisoner Garroway, hearing him, objected to his putting any question except in her presence; end this circumstance, asweli as the manner of both, having strengthened his former suspicion, he desired the porter to take Garroway away, and then asked Cutts what she had about her, and if she had any property that did not belong to hor? She replied she had a piece of pork, and drew it forth. There were also found on her some tea and various articles, all of whieh Garroway acknowledged to have given her, stating they were part of her rations, and she considered herself entitled to give them to whom she thought pMr. Solomon.-Were not the articles found such as those auppled to Garroway for her rations? Mr. Piersea.-Not all; not the pork, the suet, or the dripping. Mr. Solomon.-Did not the prisoner Garroway bring the highest character to her situation ? r. Piersea.-I believe she did. It was through her good character that she obtained the situation, and the guardians desire me to say they will leave the case in the hands of his worsh} Mr. lomon addressed the bench on behalf of Garroway, who he said had up to the present unfortunate transaction borne the highest character, and filled responsible situations at some of the principal hospitals In the nietropolls. The act with which she was charged was committed in a moment of thoughtlessness, and he hoped that under all the circumstances his worship wonld take a merciful view of the case, and deal with it as leniently as possible Mr. ELuOTT observed that the practice of servants plundering their employers was carried on to such an extent that it was absolutely necessary to check it by examples, and the sentence was that the prisoners beimprisoned for one month each, with hard labour, at Wandsworth Houeo of Correction. Mr. PLLioTr requested our reporEer to aoknowledge the handsome donation of 2i, to the poor-box from Mr. Roupell, the member for the borough of Lamabeth. GRmwIi,-Mr, TRAILL announced the receipt of a check for ten guineas from Mr. Roupell, M.P. for Lambeth, for the poor-box of this court, an acknowledgment of which was requested in 2Te Times. HA&ZRSMmT.-Mr. I?GUA& requested the reporter to acknowledge in The Times the receipt of a check for ten guineas from Mr. Roupell, MLP., to be applied to the funds of the poor-box of the court.
[Advertisement.]-"Richards's Remembrancers for 1853 6, in e,ery variety of rJze, at Prices varying from Is. to 9as, are sold by all bookesiler, andstatlonere. They are printed on superfie paper, and the Svo siz may be had either pain, ruled for acerunt, or memoranda;and the proprietor Is careful to exoniedehatmass of prlnted matter so much objected to in Woks of a similar character. Theso diaries have for upwvards of 40 years been much prized hy professional men, gentlemen and their stewrvde, persons in p05h11^ offices mrotc chants andC tradesmen. The pricer oS tihe 4to Reoembrarceye~ aes.& 4e.,6G., and 9s.; abe 8vo. 3s. Gd., Ga, and 6G.. Od.; and the scribbling tRnembrabucers le. and Is. Gd. LOndOn, Edwa3 Stanford. 6, CaIng. [Advertisernent.]-To the Iadles of England.-Now ready, the fust volume of " The Ladles' Treasury", price Se, in extr gilt sloth or with gilt edgeas s. Gd. This volume of the . Lades' Treatiry I as a work dedigned expressly for ladies. leone of the mnot eleantever Produced, and s an apro:rrlite Cbristm 6a e,rseut or new year's rift-book for a lady It cannot be snrp.ased. lvllum L f te "Ladies' lifreaury" oontains upwards of 20D t'lustra* lona engraved In the bigbest style of airt; SlO ab brantifal equestrian, portrait of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. engraved on at.eeL Tire lteraryocontentstinclude tales by thefirst writer,'; lsgo instmuctlooin eleantandnodul ri, icluingfinerPainting, Pper fiew8r
WINTER ASSIZzR -E C WE3STERN RCUIRT. TAUNTON, TU?SDAY, D. 22. (Continued from our report of yesterday.) THE LEIGH-WOODS MURDER. The jury having conidered a few' minutes, returned verdict of Guilty. Mr. Justice WILL2S, having put on the black cap, pro. ceeded to pass sentence on the prisoner in the following terms :-Jobn Beale, you have been convicted upon evidenoe which can leave no doubt upon the mind-at least, has left no doubt upon mine-of the crime of wilful murder. Great crlmes are occasionaDy committed with impunity and escape detection, but fortunately for society the stepo of the murderer are seldom so steAlthy that they cannot be detected and found out. There never was a clearer instance of an old and true adage, that " murder will out," than this melancholy and dreadful case. You appear to have cruely seduced that girl from the house in which she had a respectable employment, and fraudulently induced her to leave it under the notion that she was to becomie your wife and emigrate with you abroad. One cannot help seeing that at that moment, and during the whole of the period you were drawing her away, until you thought you had her in your power, you must have been contemplating the dreadful purpose for which yon went to Leigh-woods. But I do not mean to sggravate the feelings of a man who has so few days between him and the grave; I only call your attention most earnestly to tbe position in which you etand. For you human mercy is at an end, but I would remind you that there is a God whose nature aud property is ever to have mercy and to forgive. In Eis presenoe you must soon stand, and I warn you, with the astance which will be afforded you, to endeavour to prepare yourself, by sincere repentance for your offences, to appear in His presence. To me the duty remains to pas upon you the sentence of the law, and that sentence for marder is death. His Lordship then passed upon the prisoner the awful sentence of the law. The prisoner was then removed from the bar. WEDtm5DAY, DEC. 23. Thomas MllMer .was indicted for the wilful murder of Sarah Border, at Bathford, on the 10th of October. When called upon to plead the prisoner made no answer and a plea of Not auilty was ordered by the Court to be entere. Mr. Thring was counsel for the prosecution, and Mr. T. W. Saunders defended the prisoner. It appeared that the prisoner was a cowherd and resided at Worley. On the evening of the 10th of October two persons were heard going to the prisoner's cottage, and soon afterwards a scream was heard, and the deceased cried out, "Oh my dear husbandt" The neighbours ran out and found the deceased lying on the ground by the prisoner's door. She had been stabbed. Her husband was also lying a Ehort way off. He had also been stabbed. Both died in a short time. Search was made for the prisoner and he was found in an adjoining garden lying on the ground in a pool of blood. There was a cut in his throat and in the abdomen. Evidence was given to show that the prisoner was often very wild and strange, and on that day he had complained very much, and aid he had had a dreadful fight with the Indian, and he wished he was in the hospitaL He also said that Mrs Border had accused him of having something to do with the murder of the womau in Leigh-woods. The prisoner's father had been in a lunatic asylum. Mr. Justice WELLES in summing up said there could be no doubt the prisoner was gutlty of this murder, unless they should be satisfied that he was in such a state from disease of the mind as not to know hoe ws doing a wrong act at the time he inflicted the blow. In late times defences of this descriptionhadbeen setup onmostfrivolons grounds, aud parties had escaped punishmaent, because at the time the evidence had ucceeded In inducing juries to suppoee that the parties were insaice, when it afterwards turned out that they were perfectly sane poople. Every man was presumed to be sane until he was proved to be otherwise; no was supposed to possess a ufficient degree of reason to be responsible for crime until the contrary was proved. To establish Ench a defence it must be clearly proved that at the time of committing the act the accused was labouring under such a defect of reason as not to know the nature and quality of the act he was doing. The jury Acquitcd the prisoner on the ground of insanity, and he was ordered to be detained during Her Majesty's plesure.
IDLAND CIRCUIT. WARWICK. bmc. 22. (Beforc :Ur. Baron CRANNELL.) l Henry Gibbs, and Edward Griffin, both in the emplogy ment of the guardians of the poor of the parish of Birmingham, were arraigned upon an indictment whioh cbarged the fo,aner with -embezzling three sums, the money of the guardians, and the latter with aiding and abetting him In the commis6ion of these crimes,-and also in other counts as an accessoray before and after the fact. There weze several other indictments similarly framed and one charging the two prisoners with conspracy. Gibbs pleaded "Guilty" to all these charges, and Griffin " Not Guilty." Ar. Bodlrin (specially retained), Mr. Spooner, and Mr. Bittleston were counsel for the prosecution; Mr. A. 1. Adams appeared for Gibbs; and Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Elers defended Griffin. The two prisoners have been for some time assistant-overseers of the poor of the parish of Birmingham, Gibbs being employed as h coUector of poor-rates in two wards, and Griffia being the senior clerk in the levy department, one part of whose duty was to cheek the receipts and payments of the other prisoner. From the scatement of Mr. Corder, the clerk to the guardians, lt appeared that the duties of the two prisoners and the conrse of business in the office were clearly defined. When a rate had been made the collectors were furnished w ith twro hooks, one called a rate rc^eipt cbeck-book and the other a deposit book. Each leaf of the rato receipt check-book was divided into three compartments; first, a printed demand note to be torn off and delivered by the collector to the particular ratepayer, whose number in the assessment was printed thereon secondly, a rinted receipt, to be dated and sJgned by the col. iector and given to the ratepayer on payment of the mnoney; and thirdly, the stamp or counterfoil, on which it was the collector's duty to enter the dates of delivering the demand note and of receiving the money. In this rate receipt check-book there was a separate leaf for every ratepayer in the particular district to which it applied, and a number upon each corresponding with the number of the assessment upon the particular ratepayer in the rate itself. The deposit-hook was a hook in which the collector was to enter the sums received by him and paid over to the treasurer, and his duty was to pay in to the treasurer daily the moneys which he received as nearly as possible, and at aU events to pay in at the end of each week the total receipts of that week. Every Monday morning the collector was bound to submit those two books to the examination of the senior clerk in the levy depart. ment, whose duty it was to examaine the stumps in the rate receipt check-book, and whenever he found the receipt torn off and the stump dated, to ascertain whether the amouut was entered in the deposit-book, and to put bis initials upon the stump if he found it correct. The charge in substance against the prisoner Griffin was that; he, being intrusted with the discharge of this duty, had, instead of checking the prisoner Gibbs's accounts, con. spired with him to defraud the guardians, and assisted him in embezzling the parish money. In support of this charge against Grlffin Gibbs himself was examined as a witness. Ee had acknowledged his own guilt from the moment the discovery was made of a deficiency in his accounts. That discovery took place at the audit of the parish accounts before the Poor Law Auditor on the 19th of Novemaber last; on which occasion an accouat was laid before him of the state of the colloection of a rate made in the previous April, down to the 14th of November. From that account it appeared that Gibbs had collected on account of that rate the suns of 10,G451. 14s. 8d. ; bat when the auditor turned to the deposit book of the prisoner Gibbs he found that the amount there entered as having been paid over to the treasurer was only 9,6ti51. 16X. 10d., and thus a deficiency of 1,0791. 18s. 10d. in Gibbs's accounts at once becatme apparent. Indeed, while the auditor was turning over the pages of the depositbook, Gibbs, seeing the inevitable result, said to him, " You will not find them agree," aud at once acknowledged his guilt and offered to give himself Up to the police. Suspicion very soon atta_hed itself to triffin, who was told at the time that these frauds could not have been committed if he had performed his duty, bat who stated then that Gibba must have deceived him. The statement of Gibbs, however, in the witness-box was that for a very considerable period-commencing as long ago as 1854-Griffin had been aware of his defaleations, and had not only assisted him in concealing them but had shared in the money vwhich he (Gibbs) had embezzled. He stated in particular that just before the audit held by the Poor Law Auditor in June last he had a conversation with Griffin respecting the sums which he had a' that time received but not paid over; and that he had applied to Griffin to know what should be done to enable him to pass that audit; that by Griffin's direction he had made out a list of the cases in which he had received but not accounted for sums of money paid on account of a rate made in November, 1856; and that Grifan had given that list to a clerk under him, directing him to put G(riin's initial2 upon the stumps or couuterfolls in Gibbs's rate receipt cherk-book iu all those cases, though he was well aware that those sums had not been paid to the treasurer nor entered in the deposit book. In confirmation of this story a note, in the handwriting of Griffin, found at Gibbs's house, -was produced, containing theso worde, "LHave you got through all right? If so, lend me 21.;" and that note Gibb swore that Griffin had put into his hand as he camse out froni 'he auditor. The system of proceeding adopted by the prisoners as descrioed by Gibbs was that the money kept back by Gibbs on one rate should be sebeequently made good out of moneys received in respect of another rate; and in point of fact it appeared by the books that two of the sums charged in the indictment to have been embezzled had boen paid in to the treasurer at a subsequent date, a fresh rate having been made in the interval. Thus a sum of 41. s. 8. was paid to Gibbs by one ratepayer on the 1lth of August in respect of a rate made in April, but no entry of that payment appeared until the 27th of October. In the me&utime,-viz., on the 6th of October, a fresh rate had been made, and on the 26th of October the prisoner Gibbs had collected from another ratepsyer in respect of that October rate the sum of 121. 17s. 10d, which latter sum had never been entered into the depnsit book at, all, or been paid to the treasurer. And Griffin's complicity in this system of fraud was strongly evidenced by the following note from him to Gibbs, recoived, as Gibbs stated, about the 14th of October :-" Gaet in aU you can quietly to-morrow, and keep paying in on the April rate, but very little at present on the other, so that the discrepancy between the two may not appear," The explanation given of the last sentence in that note was that as i the collection of the April rate the early receipts had been applied to the making good of the defalcations on the previous November rate, wherebv the apparent amount of the collection was dinuinished, it was necessary also to adopt the same course in the present instance, lest the auditor should at the November audit be struck by the difference, and his suspicion be excited. As, however, the November audit approached, further conversation took I-lace between the prisoners as to the method of preparing the accounts to be submitted to the auditor. At the June audit Griffin had advised that the sums kept back should he put in the column of arrears ; and that had been done. On this occasion he recommended that they should be put into the " paid" column, but Gibbs objected to that on the ground that that account would not correspond with the deposit-book, and that the auditor would cerosinly detect the deficiency. Griffin, however, said that the auditor had nothing to do with the deposit-book beyond the 29th of September, and wonld not look at it further; and the plan suggested by him was consequently adopted. Griffin himself this time put his initialsto about 100 counterfoils, although there were no corresponding entries in the deposib-book, and he knew, according to Gibbs, that the money had not been paid in. It did, however, happen at the audit that the auditor did turn to the deposit-book, and so the discovery took place, as already described. Further to show the complicity of Griffin in the frauds of Gibbs, aconsiderable numher of notes 'rom the fornier to the latter, asking for small loans of money, were read in evidence; and upon every occasion Gibbs stated that Grifin had from him the money which ho asked for. The state of the account between them appeared to be this. In April last Griffin owed Gibbs 1401.; but about that time lie paid off 701., the money having been borrowed by Griffin of a loan socieby, and Gibbs bAing one of his suretles. Since then Grifin had had from Gibbs, according to the statement of the lntter, about 1001. After the committal of Gibbs Griffin went-on several occasions to his house, and saw both his wife and son, of whom he inquired whether any letters of his had been found either by Mr. Corder or by Glossop, the superintendent of police, expressing anxiety that they should not be given up to any one. The particular sums charged in the flrst indictment to have been embezzled were a sun. of 61. paid on account of the NTovember rate before the June audit, but returned at that audit as being in arrear, and t' etwosunmsof4l1.s. 8d. andl21. 17e. 10d. above eneutioned ; hut Gibbs admitted that the total amount of his delalcatioDs was not less than 1,2001. Mr. O'Bitms, in his address to-the jury, commented with great severity upon the conduct of Gibbs, and contended that witlout his evidence, upon which no reliance could be placed,there was icothiagmore than bare snspicion against Griffin, arising from carelessnees in tbe discharge of his duty, and, at all events, no evidence of his beiug a party In any way to the embezzlement of the particular sums charged in this indictment. The learned JTDGE, in suutming up, toid the iury that upon this indictment GrrLfin reoild not be convieted unless they were satisied that he took some part, edther as aiding and aoetting, or as an accessory to thecomliusion of one at least of the three embezzlements charged in the indictmnent; but they were to consider all the circumstances of the case in rleciding that question. The jury, after retiring for a short time, found Griffin Gsuilty as an accessory after the faet to the offence of embezzling the sum of C/. Mr. Bomuex stated, on the part of the guardians, that, after the patient investigation of the case by the' jury on this indictmont, they did not propose to proceed with any others, belteving that the ends of justice would be satEsfied by the verdict already pronoruned. Mr. ADi.ts then addressed the Court on behalf of Grbbg In mitigation of punishment. The sentence was deferred The trial of this case occupied the Court all day and until a late hour in the evening. DzcannEa 23. Mr. Baron CIXANNELL this mnornin~g passed sentence upon several prisoners tried during the asgpsizes. Henry Gibbs and Edward Griffin were first placed at the bar. thecireiesses, idicilg o te prtof Gibbs a desire to mae wht repratin he ouldfor he wrongs whiollho hI ~ad dne, ~. ~e m'th n~ze initu ssntouco ;han would under ordinary circumatances be considered propos tionate lo his offence-namaely, that of iraprisonment with hard labour for two years. With respect to Griffin, the jury bad taken a very merciful view of his case in finding him guilty only as an accessory after tho fact, instead of convicting him upon the other charges ir, the indictment, which would have subjectdi him to a severer punishment. He regarded his case as even worse than that of his confederate, and certainly could not sentence him to any less degree of punishment. The sesa-ence therefore upon him also would be that of imprisonment with hard labour for two years. Thomas Williams and William Brueton, who were convicted on Monday of embezzling Government military stores. were then plaeed at the bar, and each sentenced to four years' penal servitde. The remaxining cases were disposed of in the course of the afternoon; and the business of an unusually protracted assize was brought to A close.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. SIr,-I find In Thte Times of the 16th inst. a leading article upon the sale of theThomond estates in this country. The remarks appear to be founded upon erroneous or in. complete information, which I ask leave to correct. First. The Clare estates, which comprised au area of 39,000 acres and upwards, instead of producing a net actual rental oi 4,0001. a-year, valued at 5,000., and selling for 125,0001., produced a net rental of 7,7001., were valued by Griffith at'),4001., and (exclusive of some lots still on hands, and worth about 10,0001.,) sold for 248,1801. Secondly. The Cork estates, instead of producing a net rental of 4,8001., and selling for 111,0001., produced a net rentaL of 5,SOW., were valued by Griffith at 8,4501., contaIned 8,800 aoress, and sold for 111,4001., exclusive of the demesue of RosteUan and other lots still on hands, and i worth about 40,000,. I am happy to state that the experiment made upon this - sale, of so arranging the lots as to afford an opportunity to the occupying tenants of parchasing a permanent interest in the lands, has been most satisfactory and successful. It is an error to suppose that the result has been minute sub. divisions of farms. The lowest acreage lot on the Clara estate sold has been a 25-acre farm, and only in six instances are the lots lower than 40 acres, the rest ranging from 60 to 600 acres and upwards. I have farther the gratification to state that not only have the humbler classes acquired a substantial interest in the peace and prosperity of the country by becoming proprietors upon their own farms (always an objeot of nonourable ambition with the Irish peasant), but that with the exception of eome portions, which produced a sum of 21,3501, the entire of those large estates in the county of Clare have passed into the possession of persons already coninected with that county and resident in it. It is completely erroneous to suppose that the tenants on these estates were in arrear, or that any difficulty was ex. perlenced in the complete and regular collec'ion of their rents. The lands were uniformly let ab moderate rents, and the tenantry on the property were thrifty, industrious, and punctual in the discharge of their liabilities ; and, when an cpportunity offered, their accumulated savings have been invested in such a manner as to create a well-founded con. viction that the perLuanent interest acquired by them in their native land will make them aliye to its welfare and anxious to maintain its prosperity. I amu. Sir von- olwA¾nn L. qrvn .4 WM. HENRY M'GRATH. Solicitor for the Sales, Dablin, 9, Upper Merrion-street, Dec. 21.
THE TORQUAY CASE. TO TRE EDITOR 0F THE TIMES. Sir,-It is only due to Mr. Michelmore,-your excellent remarks upon the crime of Jonathan Roose haviug called the writer's attention to it,-that it should be known that the oulprit is not his nephew, nor indeed related to himu. The brother of Mrs. Michelmore marriod the mother of the criminal, bur died, leaving no issue. She subsequently ularried the captain of a small vessel trading to this port, named Roose, who was the father of this depraved lad, and who met h.s death at sea under strong anspicion of baving been poisoned in consequence of cruelty to his crew. Your insertion of this will be an act of justice to a man much respected in this vioinity. I am. Sir, your obedient servAnt w. w. j 'lorquay, Dcc. 22.
I TO T.HE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I observe a letter in your paper of this day's date. signed " An Inhabit3nt," in which it is stated that the improvement, now going on in Rotten-row (consisting in the ereotion of a handsome new entrance into the perk opposite Prince Albert's-road) is " a concession made to the Commissioners of the Exhibition of 1851." I may, perhaps, be allowed to mention that it is within my personal knowledge that the Improvement ia question which has, I suppose, received the sanction of Sir B. Hall, as it is now in progrees, is the sole work and is being exeouted at the sole expense of a btllder who happens to hold land near the coommissioners' estate, and that the comnissioners have nothing whatever to do with it. I am 9ir vr,r- -;n A AiOTOER INHABITANT. Dec. 23.
CLEVERt C AI-DU.-"Two glasses of your best ale, landlord," exclaimed Mr. Choop to a burly red-headed maa with a villanous countenance, who came forward scow.- ing suspiciously. The landlord's back was hardly turned before a quick whisper was exchanged between Timothy and MIr. Chcop. We w ere lighting our cigars when the landlord returned with the ale. He showed us into a small room, and we left the countryman still smoking at the door. He seemed to be a thirsty soul, th5s countryman, for he called for glass after glass rapidly, as if fully determined on getting drunk in the shortest possible time. He drark so much that the landlord's big jug was at last exhausted, and he lighted a candle to go down into the cellar to draw more ale. Hardly had the landlord reached the bottom of the cellar steps bef ore the door was quietly locked bebind him. Mr. Choop's apathy vanished 2n a moment. His eyes lashed, his Seeth glistened, lhe looked dargerous. " Go you into the garden," he w;hispered to me, "and take your stand below the window on the left. If Jim Riley junips outthough Idon't think he'll haxs time-lay hold of him, and stick to him till I come. Now, Tim, quick and silent "' Mr. Choop and T'imothy, each yalling out an ugly-looking staff, erept upstairs as stealthily as two burglars, while I hastened into the garden. A mingled noise of shouting and oaths, crowned by a woman's wild shriek, the crash of a faUing table, and then the windowr was fSung up, and Mr. Darke dashed madly through, followed olosely by Choop, They came to the ground almost together, and rolled over In a fierce struggle. Bot Mr. Darke, dwice as strong as his opponent, was uppermost, sitting asidde of Mr. Chooponly for one moment, for the next my arms were round his neck. I gave hin a sudden pull back, with all my strength. Choop, now on his feet, whipped out his Jandcuffs, and had Mr. Darke safe and fast before that fndividual could recover bis breath. At this moment Timothy appeared, escorting Mrs. Riley-as I suppose she ought to be called-and carrying with much care the small black portmanteau. Mr. Choop opened it, and Iperceived is to be half fuli of watches, png, pims, and jewvelty of various kinds. The wouman's vei , aow thrown hack, showed me the midnight traveller, minus the moustache; a bold, forward-looking, goodfeatured wonran, bearing ber misfortune with a hanghty indifference that excited Timothy's almir3tion. Tee landlord, kicking as hts cellar door aud callng to be let ou,t long Lefore this, was released by Timothy; and very blank he lonnkd when he bshsl(l how lis guests 24ad suddienly romse to grlei,-Diin#s XnHouslWl4 W orf9s.
MILITABY AND NA VAL INTELLIGBNOE. The Australasia, with the head-quarters of the 68th Regi ment, left Sptshead yesterday afternoon at 3 15 for Ind&a; wind, W.S.W., fresh. Invalid troops, to the number of 112 men of allranks, arrived at the Invalid establishment, Chatham garrison, on Tuesday evening, from Cephalonia, Corfu, Malta, and Gibraltar, in the Urgent, iron screw7 steamer, Commauder C. G. Phillips. The invalids belonged to the 1st Royals, 31 Buffs, 14th, 21st FEsileers, 28th, 46th, 48th, 57th, 91st, and 92d Highlanders, together with 27 men of the Royal Artillery, and some men of the Royal Sappers and Miners, with 50 women and children. The Urgent sailed from Cephalonia on the 5th inst. A large number of the invalids are suffering from ophthalmia. The invalid troops were medically inspected ysterday at Fort Pitt, by Dr. J. It. Taylor, C.B., Deputy.Inspector General of Hospitals. Reinforcements for the 72d Eighlanders arrived at Chatham garrison on Tuesday from London for the purpose of embarking for India with those detachments under order; to proceed from the 2d and 3d battalions at Chatham. The Lords of the Admiralty having permitted Dr. J. Drummond, Deputy Inspector of Hospitals, and principal medical officer at MelvMlle HospitaL to retire from the ser. vice on full pay on acowunt of his long service, Dr. J. W. Johnston, Deputy Inspector of Hospitals, will succeed him at Melvile Hospital. The Cuckoo, 3, steamer, Commander A. G. E. Mnrray, has been paid off into ordinary at Chatham. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Geyser, 6, Commander B. Power, anrived at Spithead in the night of Tuesday, from the Cape of Good Hope station, having been ordered home by the Commanderin-Chief in consequence of defective boilers. She left Simon's Bay on the 1st of November, called at St. Helena on the 12th, at Ascension on the 18th, Sierra Leone on the 27th, and St. Vincent's on the 5th inst. The transport Viscount Canning, with a troop of Horse Arzilery for India, was at Ascension and sailed the day of the Geyser's arrivaL At St. Vimcent's was the transport Indomitable, vith troops for India, when the Geyser left. On the 1st inst., in lat. 13 33 N., long. 2012 W., she communicated with the English bark Cornwallis, bound for the Cape and India, all well The Geyser brought home one passenger, Mr. G. Thompson, of the firm of Borradaile, Thompson, and Co., and 29 invalids. She has been upwards of three years in coumnission, and during that time has seen much service. She formed one of the Baltic Fleet in 185, anu in company with Her bMajesty's ship Archer took 13 ships in the Gulf of Riga, which she towed home. Sho immediately returned to the Baltio, where she was actively employed during the remainder of the season, and was present at the bombardment of Sweaborg. Daring the following winter she was employed on the coast of England, and on the 16th of July, 1856, sailed for the Cape station, where she has since been employed chiefly in the conveyance of troops to the frontier, and latterly cruising in the Mozambique ChanneL She left in Simon's Bay Her Majesty's ship Boscawen, 70, Captain Glanville, flag of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir F. W. Grey, K.C.B.; the Hermes. 6, paddle sloop, Commander Gordon, and the Trident, 6, paddle sloop, Commander Francis A. (,lose. Her Majesty's ships Castor, 36, Lieutenant Wood in command (pro tem.), and the Megmra, 6, iron screw troopship, Commander Purvis, sailed the same day as the Geyser, the former for the Mozambique Chanael, and the latter with horses for India. In Table Bay ths Earopean and Anmerican Steam Navigation Company's ship Queen of the South, with the 66th Regiznent on board, was coaling on her way to India. The Dane, the first of the new contract mail steamers, arrived on the 29th of October, and had made a most satisfactory passage. The Geyser will sail this morning for Plymonth, to be paid off. GentlemanaCadet Palmer has been appointed Second. Lieutenant in the Royal Marine corps, and ordered to join the Chathama Division. The recruiting party of Royal Marines in command of Captain Wylde, at Cirencester, in Wiltshire, is ordered to remove to Manchester, and the Rtoyal Marine recruiting station at Macclesfield to be removed to Newcastle-underLyme.
MORTARS AND MORTARS. TO THE EDNIOli OF THE TIMES. Sir,-While fully agreeing with your correspondent in his estimate of Mr. Whitworth's system of rifling, I think ho underrates the importance of other endeavours to ins. prove the weapons in use. In lay, 1855, theButterley Ironx Company was prepared, in consequence of experiments I made at their works in Derbyshire, to supply the Government with 16-inch guns, to throw shot of a quarter of a ton, at 501. a too, or S001. a guo. A very few of these would have destroyed the granite forts of Sebastopol, Sweaborg, and Cronstadt. As a proof how right the company was in its estinate of the strength of the material I proposed, or rather of the way of putting it together, I may mention that a 9-pounder of mine was tried at Shoeburyrness against a similar-sized cast-iron service gun, a Eervic3 brass gun, and one built of staves and hoops by Mr. Dandas. They were fired azs follows:- 2 sound&, with Slb. of powder, 1 shot, 1 wad. 25 , 41b. 1, 1, 25 ,, 4T. , I ,, I 3 , 61b. ,, 2 ,, 1 At this stage of the proceedings Mr. Dandass gun burst; the cast irOn gun was fired 107 rounds additional with the last charge,-Glb. of powder and two shot-it then burst. The brass gun was fired 171 rounds more than Dundas's with this charge, when it was found unserviceable. Mine was fired with the same charge 315 rounds more than Dendas's, or 20S more than the east iron gun, and 144, more than the brass gun, but even then being uninjured, the charge was increased, and It was fired as follows: I sound wtth 61b. of powder, 3 aeot,, 1 wad. 1 ,, Sib. , ,,1 , 1 ,, 6ib, ,, 8 ,, 1 163 661b 9, The offlcials told me, first, that such strength is not required, and not worth any extra expense; now they say it cannot be adopted till tried against cast steel, which ia very large masses costs 2C31. a ton, but may be stronger. What is required is a thorough investigation of the whole subject, an I am convinced that all who really have any useful improvements to bring forward will prefer such a method to any back-stairs attempts to get their own plans adopted without cozparison with others. I am. Sir. vnnr AhAi-,, ---, T. A. BLAKELY, Catain., Roval AYtH1QA- .uaJ1or-ioago, T1un:Ozl2ge-vWeUs Dec. 22. - P.S. Iam prepared to find a manufacturer to make for 6001. a 13-inch gun to fire 400 yards further than Mr. Clay's, xwhich is said to have cost 3,0001.; and for 2,0001. a 36-inch msortar to take, without barsting, a charge five times as great as that whicv injured Mr. Malet's mortar, which is supposed to have cost S.OOOt.
T'HE BOLARUM MUTTIV Y. TO THE EDITor( OF THE TIMES. "He that in sras inW,3 own cause eeeneth just, but bis nefghb7ar conietb and. searhethe him' Sir,-As a friend of the absent Brigadier Mackenlzie I beg very briefly to answer your correspondent "L," who imagines himself-though some will doubt it-a friend of Major Orr. Does " L" seriously expect to persuade " every one" that, because the 3d Cavahy, under Major Orr, has lately, "with other cavalry," behaved well against mutineers, therefore neither officer nor men of that corps behaved otherwise in the "so-caliedBolarummutiny" of l55 ? The racts of thatoccurrencedonot rest on what "the Brigadier declared" nor on what "Major Orr denied," but on a public declaration of the Governor-General in Council, erring confessedly, if at all, oa the side of leniency towards the dehnquents. Even that order declares as follows:- 1. That the Sd Cavalry were In opsn mutiny. 2. That it was not their first offence of the kind. 3. That their attack on Brigadier Mackenzie was deadly and murderous. 4. That the conduct of Major Orr himself had not made a favourable impression on the mind of the said GovernorGeneral in Counctl. (The aggrieved Brigadier himself afterwards, from a sense of justice, endeavoured to confino the stigma to the tiae delluquents-the 3d Rissalah, or troop, of the regiment in question.) Brigadier Mackenzie has lately returned to India with his scars and mutilatlons-twelve received from the snutineere and five on the field of battle. It Is now a field for dis, tinction wide enough for both, and certainly newer te Major O.rr. His brother officer Mackenzie will be as well pleased as L" to see him and his regiment earning in present reputation oblivion of the past; bat, whenever the past may be thus injudiciously revived, the simple truth will "double up" those whom " L" " defends," as easUy as thoy have lately, in more useful conflict, doubled up the common enemy. I am. gir nn1nAz '4 LET L AONE.
BUCMq1NGHA-SHIRE BEICTIONT.-A nomination of a member for the county of Bucks in the room of the Hon. C. C. Cavendisb, who has been raised to the Honse of Peers, took place yesterday at the Coonty-ball, Aylesb iry, the Bligh Sheriff of the county, Mr. P. Wroughton, pra. siding. Sir H. Verney, M.P., proposed Mr. W. G. COven. disb, son of the late member; Mr. Phillips seconded the nomination. Mr. R. B. Rarvey nominated Captain C. J. B. Hamilton (forLaerlymember for Aylesbury) andMr. E. SSoce seconded the proposition. Mr. J. Gibbs proposed Mr. Acton Tludal (lord of the manor); Mr. Shaw seconded t1 proposal. ar. Cavendish, in his address tothe electors, sn-f hw shoald give the Government au energetic and inde. psudent support. He should vote for the admission of Jews to Parlilanens'.. Ho could not say anything about the Ref.orm Bill until he knew what sort of measure it was to 'oe. Captain Irnmilto'n said he came forward becauso he had Feen asked to con.'est the county on Conservative principles, The nomination of Mr. Tindal having been withdrawn, a ,how of hands was ta ken between the othertwo candidateg, which the Righ Shorn,i declared to be in favour of Captain Jamilton. A poU sWLS demanded on bebalf of Mr. Caven. disb, which will taka 'lace on Saturday. The proceedngR terminaFei svith a vote of th4nks to the fli-h Sherijf. ERR.ATL.1z.-The aigna. 'uc to the letter respecting :16.inch mortars in Phe Tcrnus f,sttriay W.? priu:ed "X. xalllv"" 3I *.ead o. ', ALSs5"
TEB PENINSULAR MAILS. The Peninsular and Orient:l Company's steamship Albasubra, Captain J. IL Joy, arrived at Southampton yesterday evening, with mails in charge of Lieutenant Bridges, R..N., Admiralty agent, to the followin& dates:Gibraltar, December 15; Cadiz, 16; Lisbon, 19; and Vigo, 20. She did not communicate with Oporto. This steamer brings 27 passngers, 21 packages of specie, value 18,073Z., and a cargo consisting of 353 half-chests of oranges, 1 bom of lemons, 14 barrels of raisins, 7 quartercasks of wine, 1 box of cigars, 94 boxes of tangerines, 15 packages of elephant-s' teeth, 6 bales of wax, 1 box of melons, 116 cases of eggs, and 15 packages of general merchandise. She has bad fine weather throughout the voyage. December 19, off the Burlings, the AIhambra passed the English steamer Douro, bound to the south-west. Gibraltar advices are of the same date as those received by the Sultan. The Alhambra left Lisbon on the 19th, when there were no foreign ships of war in port. The Lisbon exchanges by this mail for bUils at three months are quoted generallyat54j for London, although some transactions were done at 54i aud 1, and shorter bills were in demand. Paris in demand at 515. Other places nominal, at 438 for Amsterdam ; Hamburg, 48A ; and Genoa, 514. Stock-market dull, and few buyers for Three per Cents, at 45. to 46, registered; Coupons, 45 to 4S- ; and Deferred, 27 to 28. Bank of Portngal shares, 8 to 9 per cent. premium, and Oporto Bank shares, 22 to 23per cenb. premium. Our Lisbon correspondent writes on the 19:h "lThe weather has, fortunately, continned cool, and no check has been given to the gradual decrease of the fever. The new cases reported during the last 10 days up to 10 p.m. on the 17th are 370, and the deatbs 199, instead of 892 caes and 385 deaths during the previous ten days. On the 16th there were only 17 now cases, and on the following day only 11 deaths-the lowest numbers duariDg the last three months; but I am sorry to add that some of the few cases which now appear and end fatally are classad by the best medical authorities as the very worst type, and very unnusnal when an epidemic is abont to cease. From vhat I hear in thds matter, and my general kiowIle6Re of the people, I am convinced that even the young King's energetic exertions will not gufice to ,etthetown freed from itspestilentialsewerage systemoefoxe it is visited by another more serious epidemic than the one which now appears likely to be temporarily suppressed by the cold temperature." The Deputies meet daily merely for the formality of recording the presence of some 40 to 44 members, while nothing nnder 54 will coDstitute the House, and unless 70 or 80 be present the Government cannot carry on public business, since 40 concordant votes are required upon all questions, and the Opposition, so far, has had daily as many members present as the Government. It Is consequently unlikely that anything will be done in the way of legislation this year, which is, under the circumstances, and after the KiDg's good cxample, no small discredit to the Cortes and Government.
PORTUGAL. The Thalia steamer, with a cargo of oranges, has arrived at Falmouth with Lisbon dates of Deceniber 16. There were no foreign ships of war in the Tagus. The Penlisular packet Alhamnbra li-ded her English mails at Lisbon on the 12th, and left the same day for Cadiz and Gibraltar. The Royal Mail packet Avon, with the outward mails for Brazi, coaled at Lisbon, and left at 9 on the morning of the 14th for Madeira. Oar Lisbon correspondent reports the con. tinued gradual decrease of the fever, the new cases for 24 hours up to 10 p.m. on the 15th being 30; death., 16; and cures, 58; a great diminution in the average of 89 cases and 38 deaths per diem for the ten days up to the Sth, the date of the lest Peninsular mail report. The Houee of Peers had assembled in numbers sttoiient to constitute itself for business; but the Deputies came forward very slowly; the largest number which had met, being 45D was too Emal to open the session.
GBNTERALS' NEPHET7V'S. TO THE, EDITOR OF THE TThIES. Sir,-The admirable report of the Commissioners on Military Education, published in the spring of this year, relates that in the armies of continental Europe it is considered an advantage to the public service that a general officer should be surrounded by the most skilful and best educated militaryfamily his country can supply. With us, on the contrary, itihas been hitherto tolerated that the personal staff of a general officer should be jobbed solely for the convenience and advancement of his sons and nephews. Grave inconvenience to the service, incalculable loss in money and life, and gross injustice to the working officers of the army have resulted from this chronic abuse. It was to have been hopcd that the new regnlations for the better or. anization of the staff of the British army would have put a stop to it, and that in future general officers would have been compelled to select their personal staffs from among the students at the new department at Sandhurst. But the very limited number of which that cla3s is to consist plainly indicates that with tha personal staffs of general officers the Minister of War has not ventured to interfere, and that you are premature in declaring t:iat " the dynasty of generals' nephews is at an end." It appears that officers of the rank of lieutenantcolonel and offlcers of proved ability in the field are to be exempted from the educational tests to which all other candidates for the staff are to be subjected. The first exception will qualify every captain in the Guards as well as every lieutenant-colonel in the army for every situation on the staff without proof of study or acquirenent. The second wrn work thus:-Major-General Bearskin proceeding to take the command, say, in a CafEre war, will, as usual, appoint his son Oharley Bearskin, of the Coldstreams, and his nephew Dick Ootnan, of the Hussars, as his two aides-de-camp; and he will be quite right to do so, for it is the timnehonoured custom of the service, and he would be a bad father and a worse uncle if he abstained from removing these lads from tbe temptations of London and Drblin, and giving them a chance of seeing a little real service in a pleasant aud easy way. As soon as the general and his aides have had a brush with the Caires, he painfully composes his despateh, towvards the end of which he states that he cannot forbear recording the reckless devotion of Cornet Dolman, of the Hussars, and the remarkable coolness under fire of Ensign and Lieatenant Bearskin, of the Coldstreams, who remained by his side during the whole day and afforded hirm the most important amsistance. From that day forward Dick Dolman and Charlev Bearskin become officers of proved ability in the field, and as such wiU be eligible for any staff employment they can contrive to obtain. It appears to me that when all the lieutenantcolonels in the army who have got good interest at the Horse Guards, all the captains in the Guards and all the young aides-de-camp who have been favourably mentioned in despatches by their fathers' and uncles', or their fathers' and mothers', or uncles' and aunts' personal friends, have been accommodated to their liking on the general staff of the army, very few crumbs of the loaf will remain to be divided among the 30 students wbo are invited to qualify themselves for Staff employment at the new idepartment at Sandhurst. I cannot forget what occurred when the war with Russia broke out. W5re had then a senior department at Sandhurst, at wvhich ollicers were invitedas now-to qualify themselves for staff employment. LBut during the long peace the Hiorse Guards authorities never thought of employing those students on the staff of the armny a bit the more because they had studied successfully for that purpoEe. When our armiy was going to the East tle late Lord Hardinge, the Commander-in-Chief, stated in the House of Lords that the authorities at the Horse Guards, anxious to get the izest men for staff employment, had written to Sir George Scovell, the Governor of Sandhurst, to ask him the names of the s,uccssful students there in the senior department during the last fewyears. It appeared, therefore, that the names of those officers who had been studying under the supposition that their labours would ultimately place them upon the staff were not even known at the Horse Guards until the war broke out. Unless the personal staffs of general officers are placed in the same category as to educational acquirements as the general staff of the army very little in the way of staff reform will have been effected. It is so in all other armies of Europe; it ought to be Eo in ours; and it would be so were it not for the deep so.ial ramifications of the dynasty of generals' nephews. A CIVILIN. LivuRoOL, Dec. 23.-The United States' mail %teatnship Atlantir sailed from this porb to-day for New York, having on board a 8email cargo, thte usual mails, 7,4001. iu specie, and 2! passengers. The ne; stg34mer is the Royal alt steamshipo Afrina+. wfhich sails c-t Swrday for New York, the l'ost-otlice box at Lit-erpQoo si'¢b.o].a ar 12 no9n, l, t let ers aud~ pspere wviji be roeetu*4 c; i^re twe lp to I1 p.an., 00pd at tbv cludir-stago wi)., gi:
[Advertisement.]-Every inch a Woman.-The grat character of Josephine, in Mxr. Charleg Rteade's now novel , "1 Thlte Idea," Is cot an ibffirldual, It is A wbole ie, patnted by a roster haud. " White Lleel Is a story with a nioblo tmoral, none the iees likely to do good that It lies in the heart of the 6tory, and iB not todlonl aae.Triltner anid co., raternosterow. Their announnoe. mota otePermanent price (one gainea) of this work having boont moleaoderabood. the firm beg to explain that to undeivell the trade customer by cheatp editions teems to thorn not only abort.elghted but dialsiya], and that they shall act on that conlviction by mnaniantiuig thin gireat work in one form ant prime (Advertisement.]--The " British Workman " for 1857, with 150 engravinge. price Ie. 6d., poet free. Also aco'ee 3m. from -he commencement, bouLnd in cloth, price 4S. ; dgs6. poet free. Thie volume containing 60~ en6ravinaform ava,i butouwliw lt, o te pm"onof uc awork &aahe British Worknsn.- Ax JounaLLondon. Partridge aud Co., 3i, Paternos. ter-row ; A. W. Bennett, 5, BiBhopeapte atreBt-wuthont ; and WiUliam Twreedie, 237, Btrand. [~Adertaomnt.-Flanoh6s now volttme of Fairy Talot3. -how eady.Fourand twenty fairy tiles, ce81rlixi and edittel byr J. R Plachl wit 1Illusatrationa by GodiNLU Corbonld, and W. harve. inone hickvol., price 7s. Si. cloth, gilt. '- V,th the ex. coplonof hee ofMadme do Beskumont, few it any of the talo4i n the eeen volue hae,e,er bern placed In their I.te3grjtV belore t'me Englebreaer.I toatthat theo ehronolygical order I have observyed In hei aeaneccat iU give them a nowsriInter6st in the eyes or thee cPdru o a ar-,',rrivt' wnea'o not arhstmed to coufe,q withthetocd r.tvron. M.reoLtbo.f w.,..14 tint for aoyql n.n titof .sf. ertwhothewoderu, ale eicb I hauve 'etfeueit IeCr mly 0-ijet cli an,U bt re n, £r. , errw tt'ro,:_h Itt ' '- Fr~trarIt Onto P.kf UX!LndY,C-.r: 1~j,0 .,iq L.O~,g t04-bwtiuet.
HAYMARKEF THEATBE, Last night Miss Amy Sedgwick took her benefit, of whiolc she certainly made no sinccure. In the version of Adr"eana lecouvreur, which is entitled the B-egning Favourite, sheplayed one of the most attractive star-characters of Mademoiselle IAchel, already fam ilarized to the patrona of the English vernacular by the excellent acting of Kra. Stirling, In the Dowager, a more sprightly import from the Parlsiat stage, she assumed the chracter sustained yars ago-unless memory deoeives-by the late Madame Vestri&. Bot!. piczes had long reposed on the shelf, and therefore the ovation of last night was based on an interest exceeding that of ordinary benefits. Miss Sedgwick had nerved herself for the occasion, and never played with greater force and self possession than last night. The scene in the second act (the fonuth of the original) in which the actress, while reciting the speech frolm PPhAre, hurls defiance at the head of her aristocratic rival, was given with a concentration of energy that startl the audience into continuous applause. It is a pecularty of Adrienne Lecouvreur that the interest, which becomes most intense towards the oonclusion, is weak at the begin. ning, so that the surprise of the spectators at finding them. selves excited is greatly heightened by the comparatively ineffective scenes through which they have passed. The last act, occupied with the death of Adrienne under the influence of the poisoned bouquet, was, of course, the culmi. nating point of the whole performance. For the sakeof this Rat and its morbid fascinations have audiencea crammed the St. James's Theatre to the ceiling during anL engagement of Mademoiselle Rachel, while the great works of the classic school, interpreted by the saine artlst, have been less conspicuously patronized. Miss Sedgwick elaborated the situation to Ita fu l extent, and by the successive delineations of the terrible delirium, with its wild joysad its deep agonies, and of the physical pain and exhaustion by which it is followed, swayed her audience at will, and sank into the arms of mimic death amid a storm of acclamations. Greatly contrasted with this strong exhibition was the genuine high. comedy style in which Miss Sedgwick played the Dowager-Countess of Tressdlian, the heroine of the after piece. The Dower is the aunt of a certain young lady who, never having seen her, concludes that she isadvancedin years, starched in person, and brimful of antiqnat prejudices, whereas,havingbecomeawidowearlyinljfe, heiastihonthe sunny sideof 30, and avengesherself onherjuvenile detractors by winning the heart of every man that comes within her reach. Experience has rendered the Dowager wise, ber own temperament has made her sparkling, and last night justice was done to both the attributes by Mks Sedgwick. In both pieces the lsdy was well supported by the company. Ai Adrienne Lecouvreur she found an ardent lover in Mr. W. Farren, who represented the Count deSaxe, and a doating worshipper in Mr. Chippendale, who played the faithful old Michounet. As the brilUant Dowager she won the hearts of Mr. Buckstone, who most comically delineated a general admirer of the fair sex, of Mr. 0owe. as a suitor cf the audacious school, and of lIr. E. Villiers who becme for the nonce the incarnation of timidity. Sha also had to outshine two very fascinating young lad{es,-one of the dashing order, personified by Mrs. E. Fitzwiliam. the other of the simpering kind enacted by Miss EUen Ternan. The house was crowded in every part, and Miss Sedgwick, caJled before the curtain after the second and third acts of the Reigning Favourite, and at the conclusion of the Dowager,was greeted on every occasion with loud cheers and countless bonquets.
SALES BY AUCTIOJ. Albers-qunyc,, lapton raad.--OapltalRedenoe. with pac.e sOn. 1L/rESSRS. HUJMPHUREyS aend WALLEX have reoxlved instracti,rs from the Mortgasea nuder faUll Powers of Sale to SELL by AUCITION. at the Mart on Friday. JanDary 22, at 12, the dedirajlo RESIDENCE, No. 2i. On the bedt and mosat cheerful ida o'. the above handsome new square, faoing the main approach franm Clapbam-road. The residence coutains verF convetient arommozla tion for a famlly, and Is of goDd elevation. the windows being of plate. gass. The respectability of ho nelgthbourhood. and the conVenienos of access to all parts of London renuer Lbe propewrty de,rabVe bolh for occuamtlon atd investment. It Is held for a long term at the low grouna rent ol £5 per annual. Particulas in due time of Mrs re. T&thiara Upton, Upton, and Johnson, sollltors, Austinfrla,s at the art and of XMes. Humphrems aad Wallen, 58, Old llrod-etreet, City, an! Romford, Essex. Valuable Old Life Policies, wish redreed reniums MESSRS. HUMPHREYS and WALLE: have recevenstrctions t SEiL by UOTION t the by art. Oa Friday, January 22, at I1, In two lotn a POLICY ot Sh &NCE for £Zt60 effeted In tS2t In the London Life d er,catofa on the life of a gentleman who is now Ia his 66th year: the proportion of pro5 i has been applie In di unation ot the premium. which at tbe last n ptyment was only £l1 !s Also a Policy of Insurascetar,£S2O, In the NatiODnl Ptorident IrstiutUon. onU the same life: this inosur moce hay. log commDenced in lili7. the rednod annualrem umduringtheel five rears has been £aO 1l4w. 6d., but the quinqoonnisi divuison of !rofite bring nowv doe the future paments wfilbe still further reduced. Particulars in due time of tessrs. 1athrul, U7pton, Upton, aDd Johnson: solcitors Anotinfter ar3t the Mart: and of Messs Elumphreyg aun Wallen, 6S, OJld Rend-skeet, olty. MESSRS. CHRISTY and MANSON have been favoured with instructions from the Execuix of the late (i. .L G. Feraukln, Eaq to SELL, at their great SLe Rooms on Smtur day, &d January next, te RESIDVE of a cholce COLLECTION ot fine PIOTURE;d, by Etty, Rk., Ttirnfr, R A., Wilson, and others, to gether with severl fine rtudies, Te whole will be sold without res et, and are weU worthy the attention of the conmoisseur. Ta Colour Maautacturers and CapitS.-Wndsrwordh, Surrey. 00TH and SON have received nstructions from B the DirectAr of the mlctric Power Ligbt and Colour Oompany LXlIted) to BELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Kfirt, on Thursiay, cm 31, at 12, in one lot, the LB LSE and GOOD WILL of thowe verv extensive W&TER-SIDE PREISES%, occupring a large plot olpround. with houes for the manutacture of colours and chymical. extensive sheds, stores, laboratory, engine-house. and stabing, to. getberwlfth athe valuable plant, machiney, fixtures, and utensils, onze and wsgoans, which have been erated and purcasel at a cnaaIderble oost; also will be included In the purchase, the Patents for the Eloctri- Power Light, all the properby of the above oompn . situate at Frogmore-lane, Wan.lswolbh, the pcrchsssr to tkce the whole ot the stook ot ooealur and cbymlaols at a valcation. The premires may be vlewedS tx days prior to sale, Printedp articula had of 8.0. Hornidge, Esq., soUdtr 11, Adam-street, Adlepht, and ot Booth and So., suctIoneer, 21, hudge-row, ity. Absolate Sale of a Free Public-houce, Wine Vaults and small Fumilp- Hotel, near the North-Western Raiway, New-coad. W SSRS. BROMLEY and SOll iill submit to tubibc OIsOMPET[TION, at tbe Anutl n Hart, opposite the Sank of Enjlsld, on Thursday, Jan It. at It2 under circumstanoes tbht will not admit of anyresrvatloz. the valuable LSIME and GOODWILL (withPoameosdoul of the UNIVEsITY TAVEeN. desrablysituaite sad belng 29 and 30, Grattan street east, New-roat, within a very short dIstanoc o the North-Western and Great Northero Railway St*10n, the London Univeraity Hopital and other Isrge pubiU ls5st'tuttong. Held on leae at a moderate rest. May be viewed. Partloslars has on the premiseo; of Afewr Symes, Teesdale. and Sandiland, solIitorx, 3, Fenhormh-street; Dlce of sale: and of the suationcor. 17. OommercIal-road east, No. 69, queen-street. two doors from New tiannon etreet, -isy.- Superb and eastly Funiture, inoluding an elegant Drawing lom Butte, with Tables and Cbeffoulers en saute, a powerful-toned 6koctave Cottage Pianoforte, In a rich walnut oese, large G.-aeog, sevseal CarPets, aroquetede Cabinets, Boocae and Tables, elegant and richlyed plated Items, China and Gla, and numeroan vauable Xffect, A portion by order of the SheriL M R. LEWIS begs to announce that he is Instructed m to SELL by AUcrION, at the Bale Rooms as above, TEIS DAY(Thur day),Deo. 24, atl2, tbeFURNITURE, c. con-risidng an eleaant drawing-room snite of choice walnut wo;, wilh tables and obeffonlers en sulte. a pair of Inlaid cabinets, rich cuat pUe c%rpets and glasses, a powerful-toned 61-octave oettge pizao. forte, music canterbury, feW pDroo prints, numerous drawirg.- room elegandesr, sperior Spanish mahoga dining-room, ltbrary, and bed-chamber apendages, inoluding sets f staffed bask and other chairs, lunges and ews chalrs, rich orved back side. hoard fitted wIth slte glass,noble teescoaedining tables, Slp stand0 Bruses carpets and engr. handsome casd Arabian bedsteads ana damai hangidgs, prame Hoose bods nobl inged wardrobes, cPeitao o mahogany dr versa, double and obgle wbstand and chif a fittinge bedforp, cheasn l andr dresing a lases, hail and kitcfec items, an fnmerom valuable effects, sauted to familes furnishung, On vicar morning ol sole, and catalogues may be h d of the auconeer. 93, London-wall. GenuIne econd-hand llousehold Furnitu, aobinet Piano, three lWrge Iron S-fes, iD-ght noble cut-gla Cha,deUler for Gap, seitbld for andsembly-roomu, a Oblqaet of Shels, and gffects, remove-b from nroomnbury-equaoe, nd from Grove-terrace, ;dntih-tos. 1M ESSRS. BULNLOC wfill SELL, at their Ore,t . tei. Rooms, 211, H2ih Hltborn, on Monday next, (;ntteat of next Saturday DIAOUSEHOLD FURItBUE, dteludany several MEts of di nig tailec, sdeboardn , carpeis,curhan, pair 1S-ch globes, oarlour chalrsa nd tables, a. carved walinut-wvood drawirng room suite, good codhoa n bedsteads , hDte bair mattresses ad bedding, wirdrobed drawwers plaed tasble Items, chIna, books, twro bail stores, ad kstobeci reque,rte, way ho viewed, anbd catalogoues, had on the mPrdlng ot sale. Sale To morrow, Deo, 2t.-An 1 amenss Assemblage of Capitai second. ha nd duriture, a splendid Obhlqee Sem-tCottage Pianoforte, bb r Zsollor, seetal Paenie and Cottage do, by eminent akesa, small quantity of Flates,isted Arti.cler, (hini, Glposs 1d caks, of Brcdy cband nude ous u setof band Orn mental Minisoellunle , theirs. OvEPHAM will SELL by AUCTION e_ Uth oma 353, Oxford-Ttreet, near the ?r,Lbtet on, ,tHIS DAT, at 11 lor_l2 punctually anu immuense ASSEmI1BLi&.E t£ Capital second-hand r URNITUE osompeing hxabta, S our-pa and Icon bedeteass with hangings ansd bedding oemplete, wingee anD. slai wardrobes, droeers, wahtand,, dressing tables, Se.;* watnut. roe,roreood,zndmahoganp chairs, sofas, conobes, and easy chairs, Ites ol curtis, leo, card, ocatsional, and setB of dtlng tobles chmEy lSSES, cW. d. hfouee and F-C B X A bookSIM b aMpeni -UCravON gand obaliquer semi-cotta piaebnofote y egler, _ also pccolo.collet, andS cabNInet o.,burm Inenmakers, Brthalfpstsoil O01thercarpis,aualqti ty BEoLDF plte inTspon and lock,a Hp.se cl, chna and glass, 12 oate of brandy, the dofuevtic requiite, and ule,S ay be fI,wed, and talguogues had. 10Paent Le athert trhelling ats, it, lok rns nd5 t TruAnks(itotoner, andotberplwlanemosed Propi erty, x. 111AB, E TEJONE.S wlan SELL b,A WUOIN atL bis Al Gller . 3 a, tLele grer.qate TiOll. Ld NIG.sthursday Dec.o~ a4, t 6, TEOOS Dri DGptat i aar-e andy HOSEOtrae ee ,,q the rooms, P E c,, withoutcot r let On vle vsad cataloges had atThis lBening (Thurrdsayl,Des.24 at half-pant 6.-Oapltal HouseholT MESSRS ~ ~ ~ ~ -d%PU WbddsntulS rndture, ad ds MESSRS.. JONES F.C BONEHAM lDl SElLL byt ON. .t their large Roosis, 19, Marees, Rdm r-draTlns ,.,.~~ ~~n utrsdavlu. EVRNINGrs Den, 24,at halties t 6 masti Offces,O s vew, nd ~ to b hadas a o boe s a
