DEATHS. Rifed In :~Li own lines, at Owalor, while eudesy engtosilv hi -w to a.aamo of their dutr on the; night of the 14~th Juuc,(Abjcr PrT. Slake, deerTedly and ely reretted, even by the deludtd 'TM Oamt a Deh.OnO the 14th Sept.. at 10 p.m., Of a mortal wounod, andyed acton I at mooning, when storming and capturing the seutiseet' fSng, Majlor Georre Ogle Jacob. oesans~ding She Hoa. goieoaa'aetEuropean Bengal JutiWegk nMO 0 deepl~ ana deservedly Meote by the men of his regiment. " 9i this axelnahcoly andon Ueeseoccurrene England hoa to mour the loss o one of nor bmravs aniseoblegl; soliders, and his brother offictrs a true OlwLtktmn alna. Apoe wad wxrm frleddY-Lahore Chronicle, (Ai. 2,1857. s tbh lth Sept., at rort d 1iohnee. near Pteeawur it his 30th LIat) beooge S Henry GtiDmth, th Benr he tAve In (antry, and iA3i. 10ibh lmolarOavahy, fourth Ron of J e orilinia, e4q. of thC e Weir, mu re*loasto nl o s - t Of ehole shortly after the ault and capture of Delhb, ti which 111 wMU Seigagd hPhii James B&ntuetneY. CapDtain tiatet 8th Bengial NJ, asend wo of Thomae Sanetuary. Ruct., of SeriBteld. Hounhango amed 3tl On thehOot,at BNo.ar8,ine 2OthYear of hisse, of feverheoneunet uo over exeron and fatigue in the exD,edleon to Adrab Edwaid Atherton Pod leatenant, Capt. Rtatyx Selkh Coupe, 3dyonutge zn Of the to Capt. the Ron. Robett Vernon PowVeb BeigtpArmr. on the 11th Oct., at Peaharor, of fLyev and dysetery broug,ht on by adh expsoue, 7aged 4 Hatllein -D'AriS Kyle.Lut, S entCloUel Cauoosmndlo£Ui. 27&ti,,t lanniekllll) R-egimeitnt, eldest on of At Jubbulpo; , Indta, on the 25th Oct. of die of the n ed, s aq - eoleaed by the fatigue and'rrdietent of active merlheB agaln the' anutineert. Altfrd Frederick Delves Broughton, Limt. 33d Madras qa}tI InfBlatry, aged 26, elegtaeu ci CaL Broughton, oommanding Royal EInglneer, Coik. On the 8th Och tsnddenly, at Poet Louls. in the wfaitins, Wm. eay Callfedithe42d4yearo ofher age, deeply lamented. On tbe 6th inst,a zonK h h r XCLUP IS ONt the let lnst., at Ashbarnhamc.ploeo, Anne, oiungest daughter of the Barl and Countess of Ashhurhzoi . On the Uth Sept. lst, accidentally kIed on board the Orlent, a few dais pseslous to her arrival at Adelade, ChArles Edwin Paut, aged 1y, YOUngelt eont Of Mr. Henry Paul, of Topaheom, Devon. On the 5t Nov., at Port of Spain, Trindad, aned 36 Frmedeok. geveath amoof the late Braazoa itsa11od, Req., of the cityOf JDublin, On the 6th Nov. last, at Barbaloe, a omrt ew, youngest m of the late Kr. Wiliam Gardner. late ot Derby, and flotmerly ot Ncoee OnThursda ,the 12thNov..atIg, inthetowbhp ofGuDh, Ugpe Caada, at the r-esdenoo of ber '2oa-.-law. Thou Lindey R. IMrs Mary rhawley, formetly ot the cty of Cok. Iterand. Oa the 29th Nov., at No. 28, South.street Manobeeter"u,em, Mr. achn aMuon ud 86 On the let lut., Jolla aged 40, the deetyblve ieo U-T,.:E RiowsweAof 19. SLi Marl'a-crescent, sle beltoed wife oapi On tihe."e ednat wa s . elio ureHetn,Carot Krl fourth duhe of the late Charles Lutwidge, 3sq, On the 2d lust., at siattings, raueos, rellot of the late Venierable Roberl Ycone Keeys, Archdeacon of Bombey. On the 3d lost, at Stocking, Felhssn.hall, wber. Mr. WlIM%m Iswootler agel 69. On the 3d lost., Captain Clayton S. EL. Hlogstt, 3d West India Regimnt Mtot 35, On the 3d Inst., At Great Yarmouth, age 3 yesrs and 3 months, Jane If1lzaheth Purvis, the beloved chid of Capt. and Adj t Joan GiUbestwon, Norfolk Artillety. On the Id inst., at Winlade Rectory, noea Basingstake, aged 75, Mrs. Lucia O'Brien, third daorhter of air Lucrine O'Brien, Bart,, of Drolmoland, co.-Clame On the 4th Inst., Rlkab, the wife of Goorgo Bebrend, Req., of LiverpooL On the 4th loot., at 29, Hertfordodt,eet yfaly,M1ss Esher BayIey ?stetcalfe, aged?7 years On the 8th lost., at his r Sdeo. U,Tpper Dorohester-pblae, New Nooth. Od,Hoxton, Of cmumtloom M Z WI *, ie, roeI' o On the 4th tnst.,a Nottlng.hull, age 67, alter a painful and proengo illness, Chailas Hooper, Req., surgeon, formerly of Kempty, On Ykd the 4th loot., aged 26 yeas, Alfred Rustace, eldest son o sursgRe-llon, of 6, Beymour-stret west, Coooaught.~smue On the 6th lost., In the 80th Sr of his age. Alexander Wiso Esq. Of No, S. Old Jewuy, and No. 5, Potand-13 moe, Isl ilngton On the 0th inst.. at BEightoeg. la the 3 Si sear of her zag. ETheor, relict Ofth late10 Edwarn Raeleb. Senior Xajor of aer Majesty' Ilth Regiment of loot, and a Blai Officer. Onr the 5th nst. at the residenc-a of her brother. MrC. Matthew Wood. 8 r Mm~ies Banhara, aged 74. relict of Mre. Tho, On the 5th Ianst. a Sommit.plsoo, Uppe Claptozn. ce croup,i i fth est, Mtakle aIebes, Younge6t; son of William Kemp ,Bea,ns.l On the 5th tInt.. at Grove-roed. CoIney h"ch. Ftances, relict of the Ilae Mr. Williaza Nsobboftner. In the 77th year of hae age On the 5th lout., at St. Leouard's oni-Sea WIliam Woodgate, Msq age 37, late Secretary to the Chief Superintendaut Gf Britsh rad in Chin,olly son SGLOt Colonel Woodgate. O.B. On the 5th inst., at his residence, Villh.road, Mansgleld,roed, Not. Ulloghini lar, PeaOon Peet. after a long and Patoful affliction, aged 38 1 and on the following daMrO. John, Fent, tather or the above. aged70;bot deely egrttedby lage crcl offriends, Qn undy, he th nst. a Brghtn, nn ordlla te beloved dauhte ofJoh SineySmih, f 7 Glneeor.quae,Hydc-psrk, (Oa the 4th lost., after 18 months' severe sufferinz from canoer, Sarjh 10fideebeas, aged SL the beloved wife of D IL. Glide~onew, of Osehardyaace, osnbeeweu New.roed, and No. 2, &Woby.quaro On hastRhnWt,, Mr. Jobn Goodwlin, of the Three Compapsese 5,d-. mse.aAkeet, Mile-ed, iU his 133h Year, deeplY and deltredl I&Ae;t4 - On !~ibeCtik l., at It. Norfolk-fteeoen,, Byde.pprlr, Chares ailey.. thr mof Osptala Tyir. Roysi Engineers, aged tare weeaU *an (lhM 6the hlat., in her I fib year, Mary SusOan the beloved and onTy kofWilLiacz DSniel,easq., of 20, (laden.square, Ca&MdVn. !%Vle.and ldUfgLoadenba,114treet. Akti.epedenwcethe Superintendent,I'eumbeoke Dockyard Arthur Dsaegge Ramsey, thftd won of Captain Gl. ad IMrs Ramsa, aged thre yemr and Brae Osuho.
MO2 Z?MA?TOITyx?ELLIGE?uR -Monday Eveulg. This has been settUng day in the English. fund4, sad they have shown Continued firmness. Consoig for money, which left off on Saturday at 91 to *, were firt quowted 91i to 4. From this they went to 911 to i, but there was ultimately a slight reacHion, and the final operations were at 914 to i for money and 92* to i, or 90i to 91 ex. dividends St the 8th of Januua. Money in the i;tockExchange Wu in request on Government securities I per cent. for ahort loan, and 8i to 9 per ent. o,.the next account. The reduction of the rate of dieount by the Bank of France and the arrival of 290,0001. from New York were the chief caue of tXe confidence mifested throughout the day. BAnk Stock leftoff at 216 to 218; Reduced and how Three per Cents., 904 to 4; India Stock, 217 to 220; India Bondx, 32. to 25s. disoount; and Exchequer-bills, X discount to par. The Consol traser-books Will be shut to-morrow for the divi. In the foreign stock-market Mexican continues to- decline, and Datch and Russian, from reaizatidns on foreign accunt, show increased heavines. Turkish advanced in the morning, but afterwardA relapsed, and closed without alteration. Russian Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents, were negotiated at 96; 3cuador New Consolidated, 13; Mexican, for the account, 18, i, and 4 ; Portuguese, for the account, 43S, i, and 44; Sardnau, 86; Spanish, 404; ditto, New Deferred, 25* and 25; ditto, Passive, 54; the Certificates, 44 and 5; Turkish Six per Cent.., for the account, 924, 4, and i; ditto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the account, 994; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 94; and Dutch Twosaid-a-Half per Cents., 62i. The corn-market was very heavy thix morning, and the recovery of 2. which took place on Monday lat has been wholly lost. The final quotations of the French Three per Cent. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 65f. 85z. ex dividend for money and 66f. lOc. for the end of the month, showing a decline of three-. eighths per cent. About 100,0001. of Australian, Russian, French, ma other gold was sold to the Bank to-day. In the days of George III. many culprits who had t6mmitted forgery under what were considered extenuating circumstances were hanged because men In like case had been hanged before, and if one was spared the others were to have been looked upon a murdered. In the present day the practice is revered. The plan is to hunt down some secondtate or moderate offender just for the sake of vindicating the law, and to allow to those of the first rank the greatest pomible impunity. The diectors of the Royal British Bank have proved such sapegoats for the offended majesty of the commercial public that absolutely a surplus of forbearance in other instances must be manifested to put the balance straight. Has any one heard of Mr. John Edward Stephens ? Certainly not as a delinquent to be pursued. It may have been noticed that such a person, described as a banker, " lately cl GothicLodge, Twickenham," is paxticipating in the difficulties of the period, and is about to avail him. self of the advantages of the Scotch bankruptcy law; but if so he has doubtless shared the sympathy awakened in most minds by a perusal of the Gazette lists, and commonly expressed in a general hope that all the poor creatures will get comfortably through their troubles. Yet the career of Mr. John Edward Stephens stands almost alone in the history of fSnancial fauds. Sir John Paul, ns it was abundantly shown at his trial, did not begin his busines as a banker with a plan to rain his victims. Only three or four years prior to 3is conviction he had a private fortune, and his malversations were evidently commenced to meet an mnergency which in a few months was to have been repaired. The same Is observable nearly without ,exception in every case. The first step consists in sacrificing principle to a momentary pressure. But 3Ifr. Stephenx, in bringing hopeless misery upon Ecores of families, must, as far as can be judged from aU that is at present known, have entered upon his course with a perfect foresight of its termination. He was manager of the London and Eastern Bank Corporation,-a concern started about -our years back with a capital of 500,0001., of which !250,0001. was paid up. His chief patron and oonfedexate was Colonel Waugh, -who figured as one of the most distinguished members of the board of direction. The objects of the establishment were to promote our monetary intercourse with India, and numerous subscriptions to the share list were con. sequently obtained from the savings of omfecers and others who had worn out the best part of their lives in that country. Women, too, were of course drawn to invest in it the whole dependence of themxelves and their children. Almost the moment these funds were handled the misappropriation oi 'hem must have commenoed, and in March last it transpired that Colonel Waugh and Mr. Stephens had absorbed for their own purposes not only the entire total, but a portion of a further sum intrusted to the bank by its ordinary customers. No explanation was given. Colonel Waugh absconded to the continent, and is now residing in Spain for " his health" on his wife's settlement (in handsome cases of insolvency there is always a settlement, 'which very frequently is then heard of for the first time), and Mfr. John Edward Stepbens has quietly remained in Loudon until within the last few weeks during which he has been residing in Edinbulrgh, wrhere he will this morning come before the Bank. ruptoy Court of that city. A sojourn of 40 days in Scotland is necessary before the easy privileges of that process can be secured. The object of mrStephens has obviously oeen to avoid the publicity ancd the rather less agreeable character of the London jurisdiction, and to deter any individual shareholder or creditor from incurring the trouble and expense of attempting to iuterfere with him. Perhaps he thought it well to make assurance doubly sure, but there really seems to have been little ocasion for him to apprehend that he would be subjectei to much inconvenience anywhere. }rom the first explosion of the whole iniquity to the present moment there has been no talk of a prosecation of any one of the parties connected with it. The British Bank directors, including the comparatively innocent as wellaa theguilty-and they were all models of virtue as compared with these men-were chased all over the oontinent, but in the case of the London andEatern Corporatiou there seems tobe a commaon consent that inquiry even shal be suppressed. 5What is the meaning of this? Have the shareholders and creditors entered into a combination to defeat the claims of justice ? Their plea will, per.haps, be that such is the state of our bankruptcy admbinistration that a resort to that Court would hiave been at the cost of additional ruin to themselves, and that they were not in a position to incur such a result in order to perform a duty which rested quite as much with the general public. But, after al thelaw-making of last session with reference lo these subjects, is there no public officer to drag these men forth, and purge the country from its Indifference to such candal? The last notioe of the Xffair was that the winding up is to take placein the Court of Chaneery, instead of under the private arrangement which for montbs had been previously going on. What is to be the result of this ? Will 3ir. John Edward Stephens, freshfrom his discharge at Edinburgh, be in any manner affected by it, or is tf to be publiclr intimated that for delinquents of lila stamp England will henceforth be an Alsatia there they may liesecure ? Tb,inpenson has been announced of lIvoem Albert Pell7 and Co., a firm extensively connected wlth the Norwegiael trade. Their engagements Amount to 170,0001., and the prospect of liquidation will depend grestly upon the su-ms that may be recovered from bils held upon other failed house. Two or three months back there was a surplus of 25,0001 Annexed in the circuar isued- 1, W3nhda buldings, London, Dec. 7. "We beg to inform yoe that, in conseqene of the fie of eeral houses both in Hmburg and London, whom aeoepm will be retaned to u fora lage amount, we have been compelUld to suend our payments. " Ouracountsee placed In the hands of Mr. G. EL Jay, who wll Prepare a stament of afflIrs, which wl be sub. mitted to our ereditors at au early period. "Trusting to receive from you In the meantime your Eind forberanct, ad deeply regrting the neeedty of this sep, " Wo areyour most obedient serants, "A. PELLY AND CO." The suqsension has also been notified of Mesr. Krdll and Cohn, a German fin, with moderate liabilities. The Amnexic nadviceto-day confirm the antleL pations expressed In previous letters that, whatever might happen on this side, the worst of the crisis at New York would be found to have passed. The banks hold more specie, and are stronger than at any previous period, and would reume instantly but for the fear of causing a reaction which might check the payments from the interior, which were now being made oax an increased scale. Dennistounl, Wood, and (lo . of Now York, had made an asignment of all theirpropertyin that cityfor thegeneral benefit of their creditors to prevent attachments, and the partners expressed a belief that their los in the United States will not exceed 100,0001. The agenti of the Western Bank of Scotland were also understood to hAve made an asignment. A report' hd been circulated that Richard Irvin and Co., the agents of the City of Glasgow Bank, had suspended, but it was entirely without foundation. The firm were prepared to cash every liability on preentation. Of 'the 290,0001. of gold brought by this steamer about 115,0001. consists of sovereigns. The remittance comprise. 40,0001. to Messrs. Palmer, Mackillop, and Co., in part liquidation of the claims of the English bondholders in the North Americn Ilfe and Trust Company, which had been disputed for 15 year. The principal of these bonds is 300,0001., and the overdue interest largely exceeds that amount. The nua at present available to meet them appears to be about 260,0001., and large usets, it is said, still remain to be realized. The stock-market had experienced a partial reacton from the late extraordiny improvement, but the last quotations given are those which prevailed just before the arrival of the newvs of the suspension of the English Bank Charter Act, which will doubtlem be found to have created a new advance. Erie had receded to 15k; Reading had reached 51i, owing to the settlement of variou:suits pending against the company; Now York Central ras quoted 77; ; Illinois Central, 94; Panama, 89; and Michigan Central, 56. The canals were expected to cloe in the course of a weekr, a circumstanca viewed with regret, as the quantity of Western produce still to arrive by that channel was very great. Exchange was firm, and the leading hous were ai3ng 109i. Telegraphic advics from Hamburg state that tho Senate and burghers have resolved to establish Inmediately a State discount hank, with a capital of [15,000,000 mark banco, and that public opinion is 6nthrely favourable to thisn measure. . It appears that the Wolverhampton and Staffordhire Banking Company, which suspended on the 18th of November with liabilities for about a million, Is to reopen to-morrow for the payment-of its notes, and that a resumption of regular busines. is, under certain arrangements, likely to be effected in the course of a few days. The following letter on the compulsory enforcement of unlimited liability aa a protection to the creditors of joint-stock banks, who, although belonging to the commercial community, are assumed by the Government to be wanting in sagacity to make such contracts as wiin best protect themselves, is instructive at the present moment. It will be seen that the evidence given by the City of Glasgow In favour of the paternal system was actually founded on certain " opinions" formed of the Western 3ank of Scotland as an example of its beneficial influences. Probably, how., ever, a great amount of public enlightenment, purchased by dearly bought experience, will yet be required before its true results come to be underatood. In principle, the interference of Government to dictate the terms upon which traders shall trust each other is of course admitted to be unsound, while the enforcement of the system upon dealers in money, and not upon the dealers In any other commodity, is altogether inconsistent. But neither principle nor consistency is just now in fashion with respect to commercial or financial quesidons. The victims may askwhatis the value of a protection that disarms their own vigilance and lands them where they have to struggle through all sorts of litigation, as in the case of the Royal British Banei, to get even a compromise, or where, as In that of the Western of Scotland, with 6 millions of deposits, they are condemned to wait for a couple of ye ars. The prudent merchant may demand whether these banks would have been trusted with almost exhaustless means for their vile career but through the false confidence thus generated, and the practical statesman may protest that a law w.hich has been shown to be so intrineically odious to all careful and honest men that few can be found voluntarily to place themselves within its scope cannot be adapted to a state of social progress; but they will be overpowered by numbers who will still, like the Glasgow authority, pour out the everlasting and all-sufficient phrase that, in their " opinion," there would be no safety for anything if a change were made *- " Sir,-Allow me to call Your attention to the report of the Mercantile LIw Commissioners, issued in 1854, and more pariculrly to the evidence therein containedrespect. iDg Scotch Joint-Stock Banks. " The comimisioners circulated a seies of questions with regard to parnensh, lability. "Question 8 was,- ' Are you of opinion that unlimited liability, in the intance of joint-stook assoctations, especially where there is a numerous and wealthy list of shareholders, leads to an undue amount of confidence on the part of capitalists or money-lenders in the Operations of the company ? "'Do you think that it induces a board of uncontrolled directors, where the partnemsip is a joint-stock banling company, to discount bills or advanoe moneys more extenaively and less prudently than the resources of the bank or the character either of the objects for whibh monev is lent or of the bills discounted would warrant? Are not the directors of other joint-stock companies, under similar circumstances, liable to lavohe their shareholders by entering into engagements of an equaly hazard. ons or objectionable character?' "To these questions John G. KinEear, merchant (selected by the Glasgow Chamber of Commerce), replies as follows, on the 3d of Deeember, 1853:- "I do not think that unlimited liability in jointstock companies whose partners are numerous and wealthy leads to undue confidence in the operations of the company on the part of oapitaists or others, or that the directors of such companies are peculiarly liable to involve their shareholders in hazardous or objectionable speculations. My own experience is that the reverse is Ahe cae, especially with joint-stock banks I consider tfe-unlimited liability of the partners the best secarity for the creditors, and for the partners also. Ihe unlimited nature of their liability as mulates the partners to elect fit and proper personsasdlreotors, men of wealth as well as experienoe, on whom their own unimited liability must operate as a check to impru. dent speculation. It is the direct interest of these directors to manag the affairs of the company *ith ptudence, and, if need bh, to p and wlnd up. the business before the whole pidd.up capital is lost; in other words before they have incurred liabilities beyond the amount of their whole paldTup stockr. . . . . .'The Western Bank of Scotland, in Glasgow, has a F~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~o W1 luo iU4onX ¢ !1XpxdX "P inl the event of a sped&id porUon -of the, VpiW.W4lu lost The dirsetrs an imen of -wealth in the ity, or of laded property in the neidhbou&ng couut1, me. -who we to the lA dege unlikey to permit thir clause to b. 7ioltd, Or tobring the bank into such a poaftionast, zeuder the enfeeemmnt of the eause nheesy.' " How doec thi evidence ty ith reent epelenoe? " The whole of the aboTg report is patiularly Interget ing at tbis perlod. I ~~~~~" Your bedident servnt, " 6S, Chaneeot-ine. "3J. T." The BirmingbAIm Chamber of Commerce met On FridAy to consider a petition against the Bank CharterAct, and in favour of an isue of national paper money. Wothing but confusion prevaiied, the proceedings were altogether abortive, and no vote was arived a:. The coMpletion of the lines of the Mediterranean Telegraph Company1wA4 effected yesterday by the laying-of tho cable betwee6MWalta,and Ootfu. .Theu Gover ntgunteof GPOr cent. on the capital Wm therefore now be in operation while the linea oontinue intact. The speole arrival. announced to-cay comprise theArabia, from Neff Yorlk, with 2Z1,0871. (besides 24,1511. for Havre); the Scringapstam, from AuAslin, with 12,180 ounces of gold, valued at 48,7201.; and the Ripon, - froi the Medlterrauep, with 4,5651Z.; together 374,3721. The William Ackersis reported from Mdeonurne but s not bo. lieved to bringany specie. . The slver by the Orinoroill b*.4ivered ,early to-morrow morning, and ac mnch asvan 1e prepared in tihe will be shipped to Hamburg theaame day. About80,0001. i-ilredy engaged, but the total depatched will probably exce9d that avii.l It in believed the whole of the gold lately arrived from the West Indie, United States, and Austrhala will be taken to the Banlk At a meeting of creditorx of Mr. W. Caudery, commisdon agent, &C., whose suTIPenon was announeed on the 34th uit., it was resolved to windup the estate under inspection. The liabilities are stated to amount to 30,0001., and a satisifatory liquidation is anticipated. An adjudication of bankruptcy was ordered to. day in the case of Mr. W. B. Filler, merchant, of 1, iAme-street. The liabilitIe are sted to be about 140,0001. The general business of the port of London during the pat Wreek oDntinued active. The number of, veBels reported Inward was 228, including 11 with cargoes of sugar, 55. with oorn, flour, rice, &c., 5 with dried fruts, and 2 from China with 13,239 paXcages of tea and 5,844 bales of sll k The num. bar cleared outward wan 93, Iinluding 11 in ballast The total on the barth loading for the Austran colonie Is 55, of which 9 were entered outward in September and 20 in October.
THB : BEANJK COARIT BUSPBNSION. The folowng is a oopy.! the Bill to Indemnify the Go.'. vnor and Company of the Bank of Englnd In renwat of oerea lses of their xote, and to confirm sach Isses, and to authorie further ises for a time to be limited:- " ee y te Act of the session h,lden in the 7ih and th ear ofHerMajesty, chaip. 32, ' to regulate' the oi England aro prohibited from Isuing Bank of En glan notes either Into the banking depatent of the Bankof in exchange for other Bink°of Englandnoesor for gold coin, or for peld or silver buihonreeived or pur chased for the liBsse De nentof the sIdobank under the provisions of that Ace, or in. excOai1ge for securities acquired and ta}ea ia tho said Isse Department under the provisions therein contied; wan wereas under 'tlhe saldAc and an Order in Council 9ssued under the liieid°not toe edthesmo 14,4760004* aend where a by a 1eXter date^d te t ay ohf *iohvembenr las the of theBank nad that Her Majesty's Governmn which hae ensedfrom t ntreofcertain joi stock banks n Etgland and Stotlnd, as warell as of cetain harge mercatdle firms taiufly connectedwith the American trade; that the dcredit nd distt wich had resutd from these events, and the withdrawal of o large amount of the paper clrculatio anuthorized by the ext ing Bank Acts, appeared to Hler Majesty's GovernEenq to reder It or mnform the Bank Bnkof EnglandtbtI they Hbuder Majest tey esn emergency to meet the demnands for dicounts and advances upon approved securities githout exceedingote limitseof their circulation premcribed by the Act of 184, the Government would tb prepared to propoee to Patliamentupon ite reethat a Bid of ndemnity for ansy excess hso issued and thae, m order to prevent that temporary Ireation of the law being extended beyond the actual necessiies inf thek occaso,aperdt Her Majesty's Governmetwr of tohe neharttheeyBanky erm oe diount shoutd not be reduced belowr their then present rate: Ap n wrhereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of E ngland have since the said 121ih day of November, 1857, issued Bank of England notes in exchange for securities acquired and taken in the said to ue Depatment beyond tbe amount limiied by lapo, and it Is expdient that te ats of the said Governor and Coeydin relation to the mattersi aoresaid should be confirmed, ad thatthe restriction on the mount of the securities to beacquiredndtkeninthe said Issue Department should be suspended for a imited time * b It therefore enacted by the Qieen's met pExeslent rajesty by and swth the adviee and Consent ofthe Lords s irBtan aemblebd u and by the sauthdoty of the same, as follows:- iL e such issues of Bnof ngleand notes aswmay have been made by the said Iwvernor and Comatny, or by their order or dition, ianye the 12th day of Novembet 1867', although beyond the amount authorlxed by law, the mu acts done in reltion to such isues, and to the acquiring and taking since the aid 12th day of November, 1857, sec-t rities an the Issue Deparnment of the Basnk of EDgand beyondatheyamount authorized b law, salbe confolmed and mde valid; nd the s aid G6ovrnor a an Company, and all persons who have been concerned in aforesaid, are herebysiontdemnified an sdisc arged ts reseq thereof, and all indictments and informationb, act1ons,sitts, prosectinons, and Iroeedings whatoever commenced or to be commuenced agast the aid Gbovernor and Comonny or any person or persons in relation the act nd atters aforesaid, or any of them, are hereby discharged and made void. " 2. So much of the d Adctof the 7th and 8th yews of Hler Majesty az limits the amount of the securities to be acquired and taken in the Isue Department of the Bank of England shall bo and be deemed to have been suspended as from the 12th day of November, 1857, and AsZal continue supended untl the expiration of 28 days after the first meeting or sitting of Parliament in the year 1858, subject to the proviso hereinafter contained; and during such supension the provisions of the sad Act in relation to the issue of Bank of England notes sha be construed and tke effect as if the restriction on the amount of securities in the said Isou Depaxtent, and the prohibition of the increas of such amount and of the isue of additional Biak of England notes thereon, had not been contained in the said Act: provided always, that if before the expiatiion of the time hexelnhefore limited the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ergland give public notioe that they have reduced the minimum rate of interest required by them below the rate of 10 per oentum per annum, the said suseion shall cease. "3. 'Upon or before the exiration or cesser of the sur pension aforesaid tha excesse ofssuesh inbfoe confirmed shall be reduced to the amount which wouId bars been anthorized bylawilf thin Aothad not beenpaged; and, subject to the indemnit and discharge hereby given all the provisons of the said recited Act shall, after ucx expira. tion or cesser, be and remain in fuU force."
THE M rROPoLITA2 CONSlTuBNCIS.-A return moved for by MEr. W. Wiliaras, X.P. for Lambeth, gives the following statements of the number of electors on the registers in the various metropolitan borougbs in the year 1856 -In Fnsbury the number of electors on the ropl (in 6) was 20,626 to a population of 323,101; in Greenwich the number ;1 electors was 7,888, to a population of 204,; in Lamnbeth the number of electors wat 20,012, to a population of 272,189; in St. tarylebone the electors movdmred 20,851, to a pulatl9n of 370,9; in Southwark the electors numbered -10,170, and the population 172,264- in the Tower Hamletg (the lar (est constituLency Intile united kingdom next to the West, iditig of Yorkshire) the number of electors amounted to 27.9SO, the population beinR 541,119, crupwardsof hAlf amillion while in the city of Westminster there were 13,182 electors to i population of 241,575. The -iumber of hoses rated to the relf ther i 186 efaf sf, vi -Tn 20 ury, b 39 801 - in 1Greenwich, 20 306; ixn La?ml*th, 47.255 ; in MZjlei~one, 43.883; in Southwak, 25,644; in the Tower Hamlets~, 83,327; and in Westminster, 26,646. Sx&mw is~-u Wonxnouszs.-Ii is. shown by a return moved for lvas session by Adairaa sir C. N~apier, M.P., that at the date of the eotmur (whichi was sent in and ordered to be printed In August) there were in 8ugland and Wales r592 seamn in recept of in-door relief In workhouses, and 96 In ecpt of out-door relief. The average weely cost of thei7r Valintenanceg amiounted to Ss. 64.i E twee30an 40 34 etwen 4 and50,d8bewee Wand 60, 84 etwen 6 an 70,09 etwen 70 sand 80, and 52
I CEr UKITED STATES.% (wMil Io oW2r caRmum""tA NElW YOM: Nov. 25. The Atlantic arived on the 22d, bringing the intelligence that the Bank of England had raised its rate of disount to 10 per cent., that several eminent houses in the nmerican trade had failed or had been shaken, and that two Scotch banks had supended. This'news is more unfavourable than that by the previous mail, and it Is to be hoped conveyx nearly the extent of the calamity the rash here will produce in England,' ilnce a few days from the 11th of November must have suffioed to calm some of the worst apprehensions of the state of thirigson tXi side. First,' 'the certinty that no great amounts of "f specie" )were required here to pull us ttrough the' difficulty must have tended to lessen the fear that 4here would be a long and entensQve sdrh" of'gold ;,.next, th atrivalof ship. ments of specie from-hence toEiglaid must have furnished ocular and-tangible proof that it could. not flnd employment on thisa side at a profit; finally, when the English finanial world heard, as it must have done by the sucoessive mnails, that specie, except for a few days at the vey height of the cribs, has not been worth so much as one per cent, premium above Bank paper, one cause of terror at leaat must have psed away. The flow of gold In this direction could ;s"ly. continue l6ng. after such a plaii inimation that it is not wanted -as that given by the fact of immeilately sending itback again. - -hipments of specde 'havoSInde& hereon a ~t~irdrby he steamer arriving from iverpool,, and re-shipped for the return-:voyage by goe steamer departing on the Wedneaday following. There has therefore been a doub qle current of gold acros the ocesn, one sent West- wards on the caJculation of high profits to be made, therefrom under' a general bsiAi auspenuon, thb other eastwardsagain, in consequence of there being. really no means oi emploig it. If the re-shipmeats of gold to England have abated fears, lessened the demand for money, and lowered the rate of discount in Threadneedle-street, the effect has been slutary; but the lods of interest on all this too literally floating capital; with the chargesior freight and insurance, must be entered on the wrong side of the books by somebody. 'Under the first impresSion produced in Europe by the panic here correct calculatton of some of its anomiali was hardly possible, and during the time required to develope soime 'o thein measres have been adopted which a dilly kIdowIedge of whit was pauing on this side would have rendered unnecesary. The diaster that befet the iubmarine cable has been more than ever lamented during the past ix weeks. In this period it would have saved more than it cost to both countries, had it been at work, by'dissipating alam and preventing the useles danoe of capital, and the "cros and change sides"of specie. With the slenderwire in the bed of the ocean these freights of 'bullion would not have been sent on two profitlews excursions over its surface. The fortune5 of may firms really broke with that cable when it snapped on board the Niaara in August last. . The present actual -condition of the Neo. York money-market is sound, as far as abundance of money, and that not pajper, but specie, can producer srundnees, and it continues to improve. Bullioi steadily accumulates in the vaults of the banks; vlrtually, those establishmenta in this citymay b said to have resumed cash payments. They make no. difficulty of giving ispecie for their own notes, sand readily furnish their regular customers with hard coinfor checks, if it is required for paying duties aV the ustoin-house, which takes nothing but gold and slver. At noon yesterday ghe amount of specie' the banks of the city exceeded $23,000,000, after an export of $43,933 to England during the week-. There is, in fact, a superabundance of coin, in con: sequence of its flowlng in from the intenor, from California, and from Europe, and, it remains inactive. The difficulty and embarrassment ae not witikn 'the banking circle, but beyond It, buasness outside of the banks does not revive as rapidly as the store of bullion acoumulates; it still remains paralyzed and depred. The panic was not caused by any great national calamity destroying property, but a suddenfever fit of suspicion, excited by several sinister " developments" well calculated to alarm, which at once destroyed credit. From an exaggerated extenion of It to everything and almost to every. body the community has passed to the oppoaite extreme, and for the present believes in nothing. The shock was universal and cannot be soon recovered; and though the increase of ballion will naturally enoDurage a return of confidence, yet it is accompanied by revelations of recldess mismanagement, and worse than mere errors of judgment, amongmanagcrs of public oompanies andbankrs which retard the revivalof a healthy state of things. Even real property is seriously depreciated; sites in the best busines part of New Yerk, as shown by a recent sale, have sunk in value as much as 50 per cent. compared with what they commanded at the last transfer. Probably the present price is nearer the real value than was the higher sum paid in the periodof general ineation. But suchaudden changes confound all calculation and arrest enterprise. The banks are therefore not so much pressed upon for " acommodation" and advances, and are more cautious than formerly as to the selection of the Upape&e they are willing to deal with. To those "not eompromised by the failures and extensions of September and October" the market is described as " generally easy ;" but this condition precedent narrows the sphere of tranctions very considerably; it alwo appears that " the practice of lending on demand, on the pledge of bills receivable, is seAre-lylmown since the recenttroubles." It is diecoveredthatamountssafein the cashbox, and sumsof which payment is prospective, are two very different values. Speculation being checked on one hand, while the banks on the other exhibit unwonted caution in dealing even with the recluced number of applica tions, the increase of coin in their coffers is a natural consequence. They could formally announce their return to specie payments to-morrow; should the next intelligence from Europe be favourable, that step will probably be taken. In New Orleans it has been already done; thea banks there VE& asusPended have resumed. The country. banks, the notes of which have been received by the New York houses at par, are redeeming their paper on the usual terms. The dealers in money have enough of the commodity on hand; but the public has not recovered confidence enough to find employment for it. The following in the return of the amount of specie received by the banks during the past week : vrom Euxrope direct to Telw Yolk ...538,O0 From Europe fd Boston. . . 43000o0 From Cjfor . ... 1,176,000 From the Interior by exprems ... 5..00. Disbursed from sub-treasury, met ... 287,000 Together ... ... ... ... 2,931,000 The banks hold, as before stated, above $23,000,000 in specie; t4e exact figure is S23,167,980, and it is rather increasing than diminishing; the total amount of specie in the city, in the banks and circulating, is stated to be $28,045,640, or $3,000,000 more than the amount under the xame heads in the same week of 1856, when all was prosperous. Here, therefore, 1i an instance of a community posessing more solid money than ever, and yet poorer, more timid, and Eeemingly more helplees than when it had less. As there is no material reason for the prostration, the caues must be moral; and even with the encouragement of facts and figures the revival of con- fidece muat be ,th workloftime. WhatthattAte of t£xngs woul be if the, above anoianth wee not so solid in their nAture as specie at is imposible to calculate. The tnotledge tht' the buisexists and is at hand keeps meii quiet and resigned at leSat. If the sums were only reprented by "s en. rities " there would be the wildest confudIonj and every difflulty would be multiplied ity-foli. The Atlantic landed a shipment of 115,000 dolrs froinEnglaudon the 23d The Arabia to-day (25th) will, Itis uppoaed, cay out a remittance of about 1,000,000 dollars The only branh of busin that can be described u active is that of the stock-market. The Beaws, who had achief part in producing the panic by their constant and ,sstematic depreciation of verything, wore punihed by more umeces in that direction than . they intended, ahaing knocked down every kin d o stock to the lowest point to whiich itcou fall and reisin any existence; {they have given a chance to the Bull, who, for the moment, have poeiot n of the fiela; for the lut10 days they have had the profit of a gradual but consant rise; there was room for an upward move.ment.- Even the unfavourablo te.-our of the news ,by the Atlantic only " tiffenedthemarket alittle, -it did not check purchaes. The ,truth is, for the ultrba-larmistS the effect of the e n panic in England has: hardly been diautrous etxough; the amount of damage done so r 15 3ot great enough for those who like a "csensation." This dims of persons had nide up thfeit nindafstI the Bank of nlnd must auspend payment;gonshe 4rntbrli of the Newr York disasters; th5t this would pro*duee a convi~si6n -rwkchi spreading to the eontin]1t, i'Culd ,virt i mot of the thrones of Europe, and inaugurate a lively and interestig period of universd zuin. Anything sh6rt of this will be a disappointment. The failure of a; few firms in the American trade and the suxpension of two. orthree.banks are nothing,- nor is rmoney at 10 per cent, alaming to those aocustomed to 26 and 30. If the return of gold from this side should lower tho Baik of England rate, and check any nauent tendency to panic, the sensationists Wil have to give up Europe as the probable- source of a aeoond excitement. They are stiii Inhop howevers and are going about predicting most direful things; as far as the present mail is more unfavourable in its tenour than the lut they find s degree of comfort in it. Next in intereat tofinanial affairsi the pendlng election of a Mayor for the city, and though the city polities are not of momentoux importmocebeyond the locality, yetthe present contest has some special and curious features. Eirst, by a recent Act of the Legisature the electionof Mayorhabeen separated from that of the officials of the State, and is held a month later; before, the Mayor was "run" with them, and carr-ed into oflice' by the force of the same great party sweep. Now lie must shtnd alonec irtually, which is an innovation. Next, et. happens that the present occupant of the Ci:vic chair in personally and morally obnoxious to the great mass of the citizens, but stands for reelection for another term, because he is the child and champion of the lowestand largestsection of the Democratic party, by whose support he rldes the city and the taxpayers, much as the Old Man of the Sea bestrode Sindbad niot to be shaken off by any effort, or, at least, by any hitherto made. He is hated, but alWays uppermost, and, though deeply cursed, continues to govern. TwQ hostile partes, and a section of his own, have twice tried to extinguish him by stting three candidates against hir, who Were alwaya beaten, becaue tlhough they collecively received the greater number of votes, yet -r. Ferliando,WOd `always showed more than either of them hingly NoW the tactic are changed, and the P-epublican; Native American, and the resPectable section of the Democracy have united on one man-Mr. Tieman, a Democrat, which is a necesity of the case, but also a gentleman of unblemished chaterand good poeition, which incity politics is a novelty. It would be difficult to give an idea of the depth and extent of the detestation in -which the present Mayor is held by all parties Men who have borne personal lomes and pecuniary disasters with perfect resignation break l into fury, and talk of halters and gibbets, if you jmention his name; and he has actually been nearer to both than beseems a civic magistrate. At the great public meeting held a few days since to seoure a candidate against him the denunciations were terribly strong, and unfortunately true also. "Robber," "swindler," and "forger" were among Ithe terms applied to him, nor were they at all figurative or used in a Pickwickian sense, but intended for exwactly what they express. The secret of the influence that bear him up against such a character is the spell called the " regular nomination"-that is, he has on this and former occasions secured the " nomination" of that small and irresponsible body which selects the candidates of the Democratic party, after whichthe party itself must confirm the choice. To go behind the noiniuation for such trifles as qualifications or character is not permitted, and to oppose it on any ground is treason. The words " regular nominee" once breathed over a man, the party is blind and deaf to facts and arguments. But the new law that divides the city election from that of the State is likely to shake this influence, as city reasons will come into play. TheDemocratioparty has, besides, just carried all before it in the said State election, and success in the more local contest is not essential to it; and as the coalition candidate is taken from its ranks, it is a sufficient concession to its supremacy. The panic, too, is unfortunate for Mayor Wood, as the city taxes are eight millions for the puat year, and will probably rise to ten during the next, with money more valuable than in the days of bank expansion. If those united against bim vote as they talk, there is a chance he wil be dethroned, but the "regular nominee" superati. tion is stl powerful. The election is on the 1st of December. The military expedition sent against "the Sainte" of Utah may be pronounced a failure. It will not reach Zion on the Salt Lake this winter, as it is understood it has gone into quarters at some station short of the holy city, with the loss of 75 waggons loaded with stores, on which a roving and armed bOdy of Mlormons pounced suddenly, finding the trAin marching without a guard, plundered it of what suited them, and burnt the rest, the waggons inclusive. It was a bold stroke, and a clear act of rebeDlion ; but, as a military operation, it was very neatly executed. It was not supposed, probably, that so audacious an act of defiance of the Federal troops would be attempted. The expedition started six months too late; the force was kept in Kansas till after the election, which took place in October; to attempt the march then was most ill-judged, as snow always sets in along the White MIountain range early in the winter. The insolent summons sent by Brighabm Young to the offlcer in command of the troops to disarm the men,-in fact, to surrenderas the only condition on which he (Brigham) would permit them to winter within his territory, is on the whole one of the most astonishing of recent documents. The policy of the Saints is quite inscrutable. Young is far too shrewd not to have estimated exactly the power of the centLal Government. Such -an expedition as the present i merely an advanced guar compared with the force that could ultimately bellaunched against him if he proceeds to extremities, and seizing and burning the military stores locks as if he is prepared to do so. One supposition is that the community, rather than submit to have "Gentile" officers and judges Eent Among them by th Fpend Gov mist, wim *bedon Utah altOfet as thyaadve Miusour,bum city,-and el neow refuge eister In the Briish settlemMes- where the 'would xoaely be welcome, or outhward In thi i ofmexi co. Ofthetwo-fh* htterlsthe more bable, a they woumldJnd warmer cl o ad O@overn,istento we to moles them.. It is well known thAt tho Mmi=ou have a kind of l4*g with the lIdan tnbes of the south-west, ana the Indan have for xany yam been drhvIg back the Spaih race along the whole nothern border of Mio, anI reamnlng the lund. They crY thelr raids with. Impuni to witbfn two hundred mie of the capitL, and It almott eems as if tha doomof the dinomUof4hoSpaluclonhsisaoe . at hand, eiter by falig again under the rdle of. -pania Ie1l or being a second time conquered by the power, regula or Iragulw, of the north, .0. -beIng overun and Wbwlaed- by the India". A. territorybelongng-to a stat too weak to ezercle sny authozity would eactly suidt the, prset eon*'itlon of the Mormons,^ an4saompoct comnt well able tohfight if neeeuy, they eould defy tbh' Indins with whom O&MAxTU6s can neithr be it peo nor make head byar. Bat the St anet not driven to the move yet, though f+nally tbey Will hav to choose between- submisson to the civI power or migration. Nov. 25, 9a.m. The te phduring1theiight-brought the Inteligenuce br theV 1 llt, two dayalater thauthat O-f the Atlanti. Te Ara lsilooealyfor fu oefct of the news oheone-ket to1I^ kniow. The p ou of the B-o£ 1, Charte ad the additionl nolvene will pro bably defer for sme tiethe re,sumptiom of -oak paymenhx, It is sti believed that, wit a full nowWledge of the alight damand for go]4, there wag here, the demand fur it. in 3Bgland, thxe preasureon the Baik, and the eonsequent high rate of intXera wiould have al tbia' prevented. The New York Life and lust Company yester4-' day paid over for disribution among the creditors of the old NoW;h A.ifrican Trwt and Baking Company the fund ao long- withheld from the Engliih crediton by litigation, and recently awarde:. to them by a-deoWonzoQ thbeCourtof Appaof the State of New York. The amount.wax drawnout of the Bank of Americ by a single check for$1,320,485, to the order of Mr. J. L Palmer, the,i special receiver,for the final distribution of the fmund The money has beon In dispute nearly 15yeas Part of it will be zemitied in gold by the Arabia. The intelligenoo brought bythe Vanderbilt wll. itis belleved,-prove the worst of the alarm, a thb brighteraccounts from thisiaide must have begun to arTIve about the 14th of November, or witn a week after that date.
IBBLAND. DUBLIN, MoNDAY MoRqsa, STAT ON MMI M DEXPLOY. the lt accounts fromthe rauurtun gdiarctg in the north are deidedly unatisfactory, and the' general dulnens of trade s begining to tell with. condderable severity upon the operative classes.. Wholesde houses, It is adl, have had quite a slncureof it for everal dais past and in retall affiar no favourable turn cam be reported. The numberof bands connected with the sewea mudsi tride, when that business is brik it Belfast, is estmat in round numbers to be' 2,500; of that a reitnot one-fffthi at present in fullwork. The folloiwr gstatement is condensod from the Nortern J At the prfeent moment there Is Tery great distress in town. The nAmber of iain-wVaers together withoUt. emnploymet, and theroe: bm d sbtte;i v p and they have us an to the mayor to orlgi7 nto este for tlae-r - :alms, but by an orgu UonL d sucih a kS an to mecane employment forthem. The mayor hs compled-inth the requet to the ex. tent of promng t he will call a meeting of tenlemen. to consider what eoure should be taken. But the ocwmrenesw at the =fs if Mer. MulhoUlnd and of Curell and Co. sugget that In any movement for rro. viding aid to the poor we shal have to del with'the whole question. No doubt, the cicwumstanoes in regard,. to the musin w are peculiar * they ae thrown out of employment by no fault an t1 own part, but stritly becaus of commercial filures parlyzing their trade. Theworkpeople at the two establishments we have named are in a,2ghdifferent poltion. They hav declined workat wea e,a dthe point in dslspte wa4 so far as the individual workers were eoncerned, so trifling that they are not likely to obtain unconditional pnblic symathy in the consequent distrs to lcbh theyhav, exposed themselves. BFortunately for the poor though, perhaps, infotlu- nately for the farmers, aricutural produce, including %a 'sff of lfe,' sells at lower price than we have known sinco 1852-a state of things which to some extent meets the misfortune of 'short time,' at which wages would sti be higher than at the full rates of former years of difficulty. Bread has fallen one-fourth in price here during the lat four months. Pork hmfallent enormously within the lst 14 days, and Is likely to fal to stI lower quotations The bulk of the worklag claes re therefore very muchbetter off than they have been in very much better yeas." THE TA MONBTARY CEiIs. The Befast papers ate that in commeorcal matters everything paed off well on the 4th of themonth. Al bls were paid in the different bank- ing establishments. In fct even mi prosperoustimee, there haa seldom been a bill day on which there was more promptitdde in payments. TheDublin commercial report for the last week ae as favourable as could be expeced. Trade is very sound and money abundant out of doors, but thereduction in price on almost every leading article of produce has been enormous-whisky alone having maintained its full value during nearly three months of premure. The last Irish bank returns present the unusual feature of a contraction in the circulation at this period of the year of no Ieo than 500,0001 Concurrently with this there is an incremse in the amount of ooui heldof 130,0001, so that the stements we have made all through as to the cautious and judicious - system pursued during the period of presure havebeen most fully borne out. The amount held by the National Bank alone was 613,689b, or greatlymore than half of its entire i sue, so that it can, I eaily be seen how utterly without cause was the irun which some persons endeavoured to get upagainst it. The followingfigures -ll show thepoeition of the banks in the aggregate now, and at the same period of the three preooding years:- v rom me ioregomg returns it follows that the Irish banks are now 418,1511. above their fixed issue; but, tking into account the coin they hold, the amount i 1,996,3881. below that allowed bylaw. EUafnsCU ZSArs COURT. AmOng the titions foralespresenIlastweek, there is one s -oh shows a remarkable disproportion betwreen the ext of the property and theburdens with which it is overladen. The owner of the estate is Mr. Clement W. Sadlier. The rental ic estimated at tke modest annual value of 721., while the incmnbranoe stand out in bold relief to the figure of 200,0001. The sales of this week are important, and include the large residue of the Thomoud estates, with a net rental of 13,0001. per annum, the disposal of which it is thought will occupy twro or three days.
PAURIAMNTARY INTELLIGE oE. HOUSE OF LORDS, MoNDYx, DEo. T. De LOBD CWawcLLoR took his seat on the woolsack at 5 o'clock. Lord DUNGANNON presented a petition from the Arohdeacon and parochial clergy of BRokingbamshire, praying that certain amendments may be; made in the Marriage and Divorce Act, which, as it stands, thev complain places the clergy in antagonism to the law of the shureb. TRANSPORT OF TROOPS TO INDIA. Lord DUNGANNON gave notice that on Thursday next he should rnove for copies of all correspondence that 4=1y havo taken pLace in the present year betveen the East Ind Company and the Beard of Cohtrol relative to tho transmission of troops to India. OBSCENE PUBLICATIONS. Lord CAMPBBLL reminded the House that a Bill, intro. duced by himself, for tho purposeof heclkingthe circulation of obcene publcations and prints ped the Iegistare during the last session, and became the law of the land. It was thought, he added, thatthit tAct would lead to dangerow consequences, and he was aboat to move for a return to show what had been done under its opetation up to the present time. Be lwoDtold that IuformatMons' had been laid against dealers of the publicati6its in question in Holywell. street; that warrants had boen granted aud searches made; aud that large quanutitles of these abominable commodities had been found, and the parties ovining them taken before the magiatrates. This siege of Holywell-street might be comparet to tho siege of DelhL (A laughJ) The plae was not taken in a day, but repeated attacks were necesary, and at last he 'was told, it was now iu the quiet possession oi the law, for the shops 'where these abominations were found had been shut up, and the rest of the houses were now conducted in a manner free from all blame.. HJe beheved that the apprehensions expresed In certain quarters as to the probable effect of the Act in one respect had not been realized, for as yet no repertory of the fine arts had been disturbed. (A. laugh.) With the viei of testing the accuracy of hsinformation he moved for a return of all the informations laid nder that Act of Par8 ment, the warrants greaed, and what had been done udder them. - t ' The Earl of E;LLEIBOROUGHI hoped his noble and learned friead did not move for this return 'with the view of brilnging any of the publications in question before their lordsahips. (A laugh.) Lord CAMP3ELL said, his noble friend's modesty need no beat all alarmed (a laugh) for his return would be only of the general character be haa indicated. Who motion was then agreed to. CHURCH RATES. Earl GRANVIILE, in reply to a question from the EArl of Malmesbury, said, It was the 'wish of Her Majesty's Go. vernment to introduce a measure during the present sesion on the subject of ohurch ratve, but it wa at present impossible to say when the state of the publc business would allow them to do so. THE QUEEN'S ANSWER TO THE ADDRESO3 The Earl of St. GERMANS, Lord Steward of the House. hold, brought up the following gracious message from Hor Majesty in answer to the Addresn:- "' I thank you for your loyal. and dutiful Address. Yon. may be assured of my cordial co-operation in whatever tends to Increase the prosperity ot all parts of my empire and to promote the welfare of a11 classes of my subjeots." LORP) GRANVILLE AND LORD DERBY. Earl GRANVILLE (who at times was almost inaudible In the gallery) was understood to say,-I am deslroas, my lords, of making eome explanation with regard to the contradictions which I felt it to be my daty to offer to oCertain statements of the noble earl opposite (the Earl of Derby) durlng the debate oa Thursday night. The noble earl stated that Major-General Hearsey had been reprimanded by the Governor-Generlal for having promoted a Sepoy to the rank of havildar on account of his gallant con-' duct at the outbreak of the mutiny. I had read all the papere relating to the subject, and my impression-an Impressionconfirmedbyaeveralnoble frlends nearme-was that no such reprimand had been given, and I accordlngly stated thatimpresdon. Sincoethenlfind,oureferringto theblue-book, that there are certain orders inexlstenoe whlch, whether right or wrong, limit the powers of officers commanding troop3 in the field, whioh orders did not orginate with Lord Canning. I find that Lord Canning, in answer to the announcement of General Rearsey In reference to the promotion of the Sepoy in question, said that he considered General Hearsey had no authority to mako any promotions under the existing rega. latlons; but, his lordship added that, as the prome-. tion in this case hsd heen announced, and was ia hls opinion richly deserved, he begged to submit t the Council that it should be confirmed. It appears to me that if the noble earl had read the blue-books, instead of a certain red pamaphlet, he would have seen that the intlnation to General Hearsey could not be considered a repri. mand, but that, on the contrary, the act of General Hearsey had been confirmed. The other statement of the noble earl to which I wish to direct the attention of their lordshps is ono with referenee to the eonduct of the President of the Board of ControL The noble earl on Thursday night said-and I am now quoting from the report contained in ltlc Vimes- "( Really, my lords, what I am going to say sounds so Incrediblo that it Is difficult to believe it, and I ask to be contradicted by tho Government if they are able to contradict me, but should they do so I promise to bring forward incon. trovertible evidence to prove it Some considerable time after the arrangements to whlch I have referred the right hon. gentleman the President of the Board of Control somewhat surprised the agent of the Peninsular and Oriental Company by a letter, in which he asked him if some plan could not be arranged by troops which could be sent to India bymeansof thesteamersof thecompany. Well,mylords,the gentleman to whom the letter was addressed read it over, and then examilned the seal and sorutinized the signature to see if it could possibly be a hoax, but fin4dig that it was a genuine production he wrote back to say, ' Yon ask if it can be done; why, it is being done and has been done for a considerable time? under the authority of the Government.' I ask your lordahips if It is not inconceivable thatthe President of the Board of Control, himself a member of the Cabinet, should wAte and ask if it was possible to orgauize a scheme when that scheme had been in full operation for a considerable period under the sanction of the Government?" I have since made inquiries in reference to that subject, and al I have to say now is, that Mr. Vernon Smith never wrote such a leoter, that the Peninsular and Oriental Company never received inch a letter, that therefore they did not make the reply which had been eugge6ted by the noble earl, and that reply was; not teceived by the right hon. gentleman. The Earl of DERBY.-My noble friend was good e4ough togivemo notlce, aboutan hourago, of hiszintention tomake some explanations as to oertain contradictions with which he met some statements of mine on Thursday lsst. With respect to the reprimand which I said had been given t) Major-Genoril Hearsey for having taken upon himself to promote a Sepoy-a proceeding which had been disap-. proved by the Indian Government, my nobic friend the other night charged me with having taken my statement3 not from the blue-book but from a certain red pamphlet. I admit that I have road that pamphlet, and, if any of your lordships should not yet have done the same thing, I would advise them at once to pernse it, for a more able summary of proceedings in India I never mot with. Ho-vever I did not make a single statement founded upon that pamphlet wit!. out verifying It by comporison with official documents, and my noble friend must admit that, even had I borrowed mnyfaots from the red pamphlet he alludes to, I did not borrow Its language. I stated that a reprimand was inflicted upon Miajor- Goueral Hearsey, and I say so still. Bat I fmin that I have judged the minute of Council too favourably, for I assumed that it contained a hlgh approval of General Hearsay's conduct; which was not the case. In the minut) of the Governor-General, confirmed by the Council, it is stated "That it is not in the power of the major-general 2emmandmg to make this promotion, which can proceed only from the Government of Indi., and therefore should not have appeared in a divisional order without the sanction oi the Governor.GeneraLa I sy that appeas to me to be a reprimand. (Hear.) It may not appear so to the Government of India, but I believe every gallant and high-spirited officer would feel it to be so. It is quite truo the minute goes on to add:- "-But the promotion has been annonnced by Major. General Hearsey, and is richly deserved by Sheik Philtoo, and may, I submit, be properly confirmed." (Hear.) The order of the major-gencral was undoubtedly confirmed, but the confirmation was accompanied by a r.epri 2nand. The next statement I made w respecting a refusal to insert the names of two offioess In general orders,in which the Governor-General says,- 16 I am sorry I cannot aee to Major-General Hearsey's proposal, that Lieutenant gh and Sergeant-Maj or Hewson who suffered so severely in the conflict with the nautneers, should be the subject of a gener order.", The minute goes on to say,- " I thilnk it should bo observed to Major-General Hearsey that it would have been better if the divi6ional order had not characterized Mungel Pandy's condition as one of ' religious frenzy.'" That is the notice which is taken of General Hearse's con. duct, and I am astonished that my noble friend should persist in saying it was not intended to be a reprimand. (Hear, hear.) The next matter upont which my aoble friend met me with a contradiotion was my statement that, for a considerable perlod of time, no steps were taken todisabuse the minds of the Sepoys with regard to the intntions of the Government to Interfere with their rolion, &f.y noble friend Baid, "What can you mean by that, seeing that within a mouth there was a discontinuance of the issue of greaed cartridges whlchhad been complained of ?" Bat *her .wss no declartion by authority to the Sepoys, tatluE that it Ws the determinAtlon of, the Government, 8It hsad evr beeg, to abtin fromuallsteps tending to. an interfeee with iheirralgion. NKoW, upon the 9of JnemT soble friend sear e ord.lBlenborongh) aked whether it vw the latentia of toe Government of India to iue any polamation to qiwt the 1ubc mind !n. that onnUtrYI K ' No,'" said my nobl cnd opposite (Earl Granllleb, " the oZvc etet bd no sucb intion,-lt wa eedless to issue any such deolarasto, which might -be aeobjeyco, The Government eatlrely approved the. conduct of Lord Canilig In absteing fiom diturbing tha p'bllc-mntind of India by any -suh proclamatioe." Btt what reaUy didhappeA At the very time the noble earl was making this.vindication of the Governor-General the GovernorGeceral had acted in accordanee; withthe suggestions of my noble friend (Lord EUeaborough), and had actually issued a proclamation such as the Goisrument at home wereland'ng him for sot iwaing. The only thiig is that ib was done three months later than shoild have been the case. Now, as to the third contradiction, I certainly ahould be very, sorry to misrepresent, or even to exaggerate, -the mistakes of the right hon. gentlemau the President. of the Board of Control, and I was not at all surprlsed that the statement I made the other night should have been received with an expression of incredulity, for when the sttement was first ade to me I said at once " That is impossible." In the statement I made to this House I belleva I said for a eonsiderabletime, whereasthespace of timewas only threeor four daja hbut the information was given to me by a gentleman who I am sure would not mislead me, rmd who obtained it from the msnager of the Peninsular. and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, a member of Parliament not at this raoment in England, to whom the letter in question was addressed, and by whom it was anrwered. Upon the day before Parliament met I again saw my informant,.and said, " This is a most. serious charge, are you ure you are quite correctin your facts?' 'ebiad "The-managing director to ' zhomhe had referred was not in England but that hewduld iavean opportunity of seeingthe other. managing director and wouil ascertain positively." Re didsee hint, andi-upon the next day he informed we that there was no mistake, and upon his authority I made the statement to your lord. ships. I shonld regret very much if I have done injustice to the President of the - Board of Control, but if 1 was in error I am astonished thkt the -noble earl, who zould have had immediate access to the best quarter for information upon the poEtnt if he had aicertined that I wvas misiniormned, shoiidnot have given an immediate and authoritative deniaL~ I cannot explain the contradic. tlon between the Iwo statements, but I have stated by what means I acquired the information; my-noble fr.iend has given a contrdIctIon, aud thera I suppose th~e matter must reat. Earl GRANVILLE.-A to the explanation respecting the.alleged reprimand.to MajorQeneral Hemrey, I have nothi to idd. .With rjPec- to.the other point. thoioml sion oftWe Governm'ent to aa pro nation in India, I will only remind your lordships of what was the charge made by the noble earl,- " Throughout the wrhole of this period, from thIe begin. 2n1ng of.ebruax to the 2Qth of March, no-single step, as fat as I can find. was taken on -the part of the GBoverunment either to disabuse the minds -of the Sepoys-on o subject of these greased cartridges, or to *tcertantheir probable intentlons and the extent of the dlsaffectpuprevaiuing among them." My answer to the charge was- "Neither do Iknoww hat authorltyjhe hasjorsaying that Lord Canning did nothing to stop the issue. of the greased cartrdges. To my knowtledge he sent a telegraphic despatch discouraging theisse, and ordering that 5he nativeo troops ehouId uee their owrn ammunition. Then the noble earl says thxt all this ought to have been foreseen by Lord Canning. It As remarkable that on. the 9thof June te noble earl opposite (Lord Ellenborough), whose knowvledge I have no wrish-to undervalue, began a speech in this HIouse by sayingthatlt wras painful tohim,and what he did notexet,to have to recur in Parliament to these matbtes, but that ra. cent and more setious events renderd it ne ." With respect to the explanation which the noble earl has just given,Icanonly saythat I held in. my handa correspondenlce which will place the whole question in the clearest point of viewv before your lerdsibips. My right hon. friend the President of the Board of Control, the momnent he became Aware of the nature of the imputation which the noble eal made aginst him, instuitted the inquiry amuong the clerks a his offlze as to their knotledge of the existence of the ground upon which the charge was based. They were, howevezn utterly at a lossu hoa to acconnt for thenoble ea l's satement, and accordingl the chief clerk at the IndLs Board, addressed the following letter to the managingdirecthr of the PenInsuia and Oriental Steabe pascket Company:- You will see that Ic ord Dteby makes avery round assertion respecting a correpondence between our Presiden and your board dpon the subject of facilitating the transi of troops across Egypt. The assertion is so strongly insisted upcon that I begin to doubt my own recollectona but will yOU bear me out in the impression that ro dire correspon deuce betwreen our offlce and yours has taken olace at a on thls subject, ana that tr e frat iotioe of it (nd that indirectly through the east Inc ahousefr was nh September To that communication the follownag reply was received at the India Bolard:- - "In reply to yours othis morning respetding All assertions made by tord Drby on the b ubject of facilttating the transit of troopa acroes Egypt, I beg to uay that this compny receved no direct correspondence from the Board of Control, «And that the firt communication bmade by this company for theconvyanc of troopse ri th Overlhand was dted the 9th September, and adi to the on. the East India Company." This correspondence canot, I thih, fa to dispel all douAbt In ref erene to the subject; but before I it dowz I cannot refrain from expressingt it as my opinion that wome precauti.on ought to be taken on siftnginformation before a ch^arge of this nature is brought against a pubLic servat who haAp peso tbeengagedlnthe dshar¢ of an arduous dsst hear.) The noble earidenies thathehasberrowedhiss"a from that of the pamphlet to wAhich he has referredbut he will not deny that there is, generally speaking, a similarity-and I admit a judielousand prudentsmiaritybetween the expressionx and arguments which he uses au d thoae which fall from the right hon. getleaUn who represents him in another place. There is perhaps an exception to this rule to be found in the debates which took place upon the opening night of the sesion, when the noble earl made a charge in this House against the President of the Board of Control, and when an attack was made upon the Preddent of the Board of Trade by the leaderof the Oposi tion in the other House of Parliament. Now, I annot hel thinking that the better course to adopt would hae been for the noble Earl to have made the attack upon my noble friend the President of theBoardof Trade lnyour lordlhip ' House. and that, the repreentative of the noble earl in the other Rouse should have made the attack upon the Presi. dent of the Board of Control, when both my noble friend and the right hon. gentlenan would be enabled to defend themselves. (" EHear, hear," and laughter.) The Earl of DERBY. - I quite eoncr with the noble earl in the opinion that it Is desirable the utmost caution should be exercised in siftinginformation before a charge is brought aainst a public man*; and I must add that I thought I could have no better authority than that to which I alluded for the statement which I made, while it appered to me that I had so far sifted the question that I could not possibly have been led into a mistake. With respect to the similarity which the noble earispeas of as existing between my arguments and those which are used by a right hon. frlend of mine In another place, I can only say that it is not extraordinary that some such colneidenoe as he mentions sbould prevail, inasmuch As it Is my castom, whether in or out of offloe, to oommunicate freely with my colleagues in both Houses of Parliament. (Hear.) That is not probably the practice of those with whom the noble earl Is associated in the Government. ("HIear, hear," and a laugh.) I can asure the noble earl that I was not even aware that the attack to whioh he alludes bad been made upon my noble friend the President of the Board of Trade in another place. Ifheis particularlyanxious that I should do so, however, I have no objectiors to saake an attack upon him In this House. (Great laughter.) Earl GRANVILLE.-My noble friend has no particular wish to be attacked (a laugh), but when an attack is made upon him he is dedsrous that it should not be done behind his back. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of HARDWICXE.-My lords, I think I am bound to state that eitherin the month of Auguast or Sep. tember last-I forget wbich-I heud from the gentleman to whom my noble frlend near me has referred the state. ment in respect to the Presideat of the Board of Control which has been the subject of discusson this evening. I afterwards visited my noble friend at Knowsley and aen. tioned the circumstance to him. He at once said, " Oh, it is inmossible; it cannot be tre." That is precisely the state of the caae, and I shall only add that I made the st,t. ment on authority which I could not for a moment doubt. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH.-The noble earl opposite says that the statement of the noble earl near me is completely contradioted by a letter from the manger of the Peninsular and Oriental Steampacket Company in reply to one addressed to him from the Board of ControL Now, from my recollection of the Board of Control no such letter could have been sent through that office. As a public office, It corresponds only with the Court of Directors, so that any letter which was addressed from it to the director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steampacket Company must have been of a prlvate, and not of an officil character. (Hear, hear.) The Duke of ARGYI&L-It is quite true that no official communications can take place between the Board of Control and any other body except the Court of Directors. But I hold in my hand a letter which I think will set at rest the whole question at issue. Nobody imagines that the noble earl opposite made the statement which he has made without blienvig it to be correct, and I am perfectly ready to admit that it has been the result of a misconception. The letter which I am about to read to your lordships Was written to my right hon. friend the First Lord of the Ad. miralty by Mr.Willcox, who was-I am not sure whether or not he Is now-a director of the company. It is as follows :- "Dec. 6, 1857. " Dear Sir Charles,-My attention has just been caled to a report of the Earl of Derby's peech in the House of Lords on Thursday evening, and I read with great sarprise the following:- (Ele quotes The 27mes' report.) " 'L The Peninsular and Oriental Company offered in the month of July last to make such arrangements that the troops might have been taken across the Isthmus in 24 hours, and they likewise offered the use of theL- mail steamers, which would carry 500 men each trip. "'2. In the month of August an application was made to the Court of Directors to make the same arrangement withi the Peninsular and Oriental Company which had been offered and refused. ' "3. Some considerable time after these arrangements had been made, the President of the Board of Control somewhat surprised the Peninsular and Oriental C-ompany by a letter which he wrote to thsm to ask if a scheme might not be organized for sending troops to India bo the company's steamers. Nows this had been done for a considerable time, both under the authorit of Her Majesty's Government and that of the East Ina& Cmpany, and yeot the President of the Board of Control wrote to ask if it was possible to organize asclieme for doing it.' at I have to observe, in reply to te~tad2,ta hi Itatemestt are Utterly untrue, aud,ot enlY so, bnt- that nothing whatever occurrd in connezon withthe Peniusnixar anc[Orental Company whichbb pobUity could give'rise I; a m(scanception umpon the subjee". The, fabet is, that'upm this question, from the firt down to the present, no tender or oiler for the conveyance of' -troops TOd Ezypt per thbi compapylyM's i packets has ev'er been made by them, They knew too well theabaurditl of attempting to: ovey during the monsoon months i 'body of deck pk el=ge*s (for they have no room below) to-Ini! 'I bt s-last monsoon, ia & gale of wind acoompanied by heavy.rain, the oompa4ly lost their steamer Erin on the coast of Ceylon.) ' ' II It wag not until the first week In September last, in conuequenoe of a verbal coniumnicallonifroxthe But IndiU Comany to that effect, that en the 8th of that month the Peninsilar'and Orinta&dComipauyiumlmtted 'a scheme for conveying fortbightlyiby their mal- Iateasiers4detachments of mnen from, 220 to 250 per steamer, engaging,to MWintain them in case of need on board their coaluk Ariadne at Alixandria, or their hulk Zenobia at nSez.I' : : "In- answor to.-.the 3d, neither the..President of£the Board of Control, nor any one in connexion ivith' that department, ever addressed a letter to the company, either officsally or privately, either on this or any other ocoasion. "The idea that a Board of Control should o fSantly assume the executive is so abiurd that On this point I must assume that the noble earl hs' been inoorrectlv report "1 I have only to add, if it were true that the Peninsular and Oriental Compny mae an offer in July and August last (monsoon months often prevailing into September), the Government would have been perfectly justified in rejecting the scheme for the ,conveyance of troops by the ma steamers during thit period. ' I am, deAr Sir, yours truly, "Right Hon. Sir "o'o'd." B. M. WnwLoOx. Thibs is, I think, asconmpleteand emphatlc'a contradiction as can :be given to the rge~ w,hich ,has been broug,ht against myrdght hon. friend theTZreeident of the Board of Con troL, (HIeor, hear.)- Tho Earl of DERBYI-All I can say is, that some of 'the statements coutrained in that- letter are in direct contradiction to the published report of the Peninsrlar nd Oriental Steampacket Company.' (HLear, hear.) The Duke of ARGYLL-If the noble eal. will look to the city article of hc Times of to-day he wll there find ref,rcnoe made to a communication which 'has taken place between the Government and the company with respect tothe conve7ance of troops vid Egypt. He will aso find that the date at which the telegraphic despatch wAs received, naming the daiy on which-the vessel which' 3i to take those troops is expected to arrive at Suner, h.later-being I think the 17th of November-ta aay day narnedin this letter. ' Alter a few words from the Earl of MAnasrsna the snibject ws allowred to dropi. .;' ROYAL MES3AGE. PROV.ISION FOR GENERAL HAVELOCK. Eul GRANVXiL- wnounoed a menage from the Crown, whlch was rad by the Lord ChanceUor as follows "Victorla Regin-Her Majeaty being. desirous of conferarig a sgal mark of her favour .and approbation on lfijor.General Sir Henry R%veldcdk,tart., X.C.B., for the eminent and distingih d services rendered by hie in eomdma of a body of ritih and Native troops in Indi&, and paicularly for the gallant and suooesful operations undertaken for the relief of the garrison of -Lucknow, re. commends to the House of Lords to conecr in enabling Her Majesty to make provision for securing to MajorGeneral Sir Menry Havelock a providon of 1,000M. per annum for the term of his natul life." (Cheers.) On the maoion of EArl GRAIVU.L it was reolved that' this mesnge ahould be taken into consideation this day (Tuesday). RELIGIOUS WORSHEP ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The Earl of SHAFTESBURY, noticing their lordships' pre-oocupation with the affais of India, said, he thought he should exercise a proper discretion ist postponing lis promised satement on this subject until this day (Tuesday.) INDIA. THE ARMS AND PRESS ACTS. TheEarl of ELlBOROUGHrosepursuant to notice and said,-The first motion I have to smbmit is that there be lidd upon the table of this House the Arms Act which hs been reently. r,aed by the Legislative CounCiL of India. I believe tho circumstaesow under which that Act was passed are these --There had been a moat unusual importAtlon of arms lato Ccutta, and It appeared that the purchases of those atm had been to a great extent made by natives. This naturally very much &larmed the Europea, inasmuch s they had before them the bad use which had been made of their arms by natlves in all parts of the. country, as there was reasonto suppose that there existed a: combination to massacre all the Europeans in Calcatta,' and m moreover there were present in that place i,000 or -1,500 persons, natives of Oude, who werd' .servants'of the lKingof Ouace. Underthesecircumstane" itws v n rally suggested to the Goverament that It would be desirable to diarm the natives in Calcutta for the' 'secrLity of the Europeans,i who are few in number, and had but a small military force for their protection. The Govern. ment declined, but aid they would produce a0 Arms Act, andthatisthe Act"whioh I wishtogseeandtohaveplceum before you. Tht Act, as I understand, adhering to a 'prn. dple very recently attempted to be introduced into the legislation of India, places the luropeaus and the nativesthe persons who abuse arms for the purpose of destroying us, and the Europeans who wish to have arms for their pro. tection-on exactly the same footing'; and it went to this extent, that Europeaus were not to be possesed of armg unless by the consent of a magistrate. Now, in the Mofusail, that is in the provinces, the magistrates boing to a great extent natives, the Europeans Ire therefore compelled by the Act to go to persons of this description, many of whomn aresuspeotedof being traitors, and many of whom have really proved themselves to be traitors, for per. mission to retain the arm necessary for their protection. Now, my lords, my apprehension is (the noble lord on the woolsack will correct me if I am wrong) that, according to the BiU of Rights, we English, being Protestants, are psr. mitted to have arms forour own defence. Why ? Beeause at that time the Roman Caitholics were suspected of traitorous designs, and there was a reason why Protestants should for their own eafety bear arms. Now, is there not a reason for confiding to Europeans in India a similar privilege, and for excluding, under present circumstances, thenatlve popu. lation ? Yet at this moment the Government of India consider It expedient, in accordance with what they caU a principle, to place both these classes of persons on exactly the same footing, and to subject Europeans to the disadvantage of not being allowed to possess arms unless by the consent of a native magistrate, if they should happen to live in the interior of the couutzy. My lords, that resolution of the Legislative Council appears to me to rest upon a total misapprehension not only of our poeition at the present mo. ment, but of the position which for years the Europeans necessarily must hold with respect to the natives of Indfa Our position in India is like that of the Normans in Saxoa England. We must be armed, or It is Impossible for us to protect ourselves. Instead of bringing in a meamre subjecting both English and natives to a law of{this description, the law of India ought to be, that every Englishman should be possessed of armg under a penalty for neglect of the ordinance; and, if a resident in India, he should even be oompelled to enrol himself In somr corps for ocasional disCipline and drill. It Is imposdible for us to preserve in security the lives and property of Buro. peans in India unleEs we, for a time at least, assume the appearance of an armed militia. My lords, it is not surprislng that this fatuity on the part of the Government acting upon a principle which never can be a'dopted in Indi (least of all at the present time), and subjecting our countrymen wvho are now fighting for their lives to this indignity, produced throughout the whole European population a very strong feeling of dissatisfaction and disgust. Of course there can be no objection to the production of this Act. Buet then thero is another Act, of which we have a copy, which was laid upon the table of the House at a very late period of the last session-I believe after I had discontinued attendance here-I meau the Act relating to the Indian press. We had laid before us at the same time the speech of the Governor-General in pronosing that Ao.t and lso some minutes of the Legislative Couneil in order to explain the circumstances under which It was pssed. Before I say a word regarding this Act for the suppression (for practically it is a uppresson) of the Englih press in India, I Aish youAr lordsipe disthnctly to undersand the difference which exists between the pres in India and th, press at home. In this country the re Is ephatcaly the press of te people of EugFZand. It Advocates their interests; It is supporteId by, them. Different opinions may be expressd by the editors of different newspapers; but the allu endeavour to impress upon their readers that their object is the general interest of the people, and if they did not it would he impossible, for them to exist. A newspaper must pay, andl it cannot pay unlesis Itrelies for supportu n the mtase s aby whomit ip to be purchased aud read. Batte ressrofIndia ina*totaly different position. In the lirat place there are two ldnds of joumnals-natlve and EnfWW The English Press ia not the press of the people of India. It Is the press of the stranger, the press of the Government, the press of the governin.- cla&% It advocates their interests. I do not say that it' ma not occasionally advocate also the general interest of the country - but that isnot the particular object of the En-I'-h press; At is to reprcsent the intercsts of those by w om iLt is especiall sunDpted-the governing class, and these interests the English journals have to support in direct contradiction to the general interests of the people of Indis. The native press, on the other- hand-erroneously as we think, traitorously as it has lately seemed-take u what it conceives to be the caus of the population genersy, and is opposed to the personal interest of the governg lasses. Beinig published in the English langug the Egh press is perfectlyinnocuousas regardsthe people of India unti the articles 1' contains are translated. Meanwhile It has no more influence on the people of India than the English journars vould hive upon the people of this country if they were published in Greek or Latin. On the other hand, the native press has no influence whatever upon us, for by us it is not read Howover, there cai beno doubt that, although upon the people of India the English press can have no effect whatever until its articles are trAnslated and have received a ogenral circnultion through the native' press- the native princes (and I think probably all the moreconaiderAbit persons in India) obtain for themselves; as I h&ve been . in,to,rmed,notthrough the European press of India, but directly f-oni this country, translation3 of all the articlE relating to tb4 Intere,sts of India whbich appear in the Eugli sh ne-0 papers. That sore of Inforniatlon AS? l. mxt re mlet P e fust renia OPeU ideralleirumsn4AwheherItproducess beneft ow things uni1tlia was so serioux-thee bad, bten matnta"_ MO"e mutinie 'Were =x ted-kheee mutinles, ha asU,n.d thl charater of rvolu ints.ws6s mulch appearance Pof dangr-thatlI'do-thinik-the 'Governimneint'was perfectly, j-a'Mfid n CUMengwhiether -It *buld' not be isoessary to restran thIndiscrtion of tse , prea in publishing that 'which might be injurlous tg -the- public service. gy lords, I.know tlero are several pointa or which that indUis eretionI mwill use. no= hirshir tornia-hs assumed muchl proninence.t I hink, theeote, nothgt 8oiild bn moree proper if the Government, entering into oonfideutial com.;, municatiohaswith the ioditors of all those newspaLpers pub1ished O Calcutta, had distinctly stated their views a- -to the. dauger of discussion, upou partIcular topics ina particla sense, and had asoirtalin whether the editors were willing to come into some arrangementVresecting the pub.. licatron of. the newspapers, ditinctly itimating tht If .those gentlemen wrese not disposed to acqul.- esoe in the ,uggbetion -the- Governmebt .would take son", ourse by,way of lejisltiorL on the subject. No .oh eominamrati ton toopie." °The Goer nor-Geei%i' went down on the 13th of June to the *Thgislatve Council' beadespedchi --he proposed& a-Bill; and in the-course,o miensame day that -Bil became wlaw but by the stranget Inconesency Its operalon did 'not commence4till after the' laosecf 14 days; so,that alL-the danger which were de. - ~idAN arising from tme. disaffection of. tloe Mative press and the indisretio oft hei Zureo,p pos lwere allowed to tnercb and toproduae tb kulsclief -which 'Might bi efetdduring 14 days of exaspeation, those days. covering - e 23d of June, tb annives o , which ws eonslderel the meot diagerous day for that oountry oi account of the excitement of-the x*diy anind. . 4o7lrlttmelInform, four lIrdipeswhat the provisiQns of that Act were. ~Iirt o 94no printing press was to- be -kept- with.~ cut;a license froM the 4G[ovarnment, findar. a pe"Alty. 6f 500L or. two' year' imprsonment, or. both; *wo- ea& imprisonment beig, death to an European- Rs -I)st:h I 4wose than death, b ue inding every suffernag that wi bo ullqted l pon -thebody. oeuondly, the Ac oonferred the powr. of sarching for and reizing unlicensed presses. Then appliLatlbno; for lioaeiies weots to be sated iutder moh conditions, if avy, aa.,the Governor.GerAral In Council, or the Governo'r- eerap mh tbink fit-topresM be,andtachlicenses ht b& riso at pleasure. The oohditionsIight: beoexay lwhateves -the Goveeru.-Gemesl. chose. -The Govrernor,pexeral might, If he6 thoaght fit, f inder this Act, require -tha thre soul bea previous -censorship, : and'very inuebbettr wold ih -vimee IfU he h determined upon takbig that ours, be auea previous-oeusorship. conducted 'with intelligene, la the misechief fap prehendedfrom the indiscretrionof t no n ewspapres. The course which been adoptked.a the. tes. chief, andr onl atitempt 'tor prrevent pitnby purnash. ma hve been ingjiurlou -; bu chInkinte stt ofrpiee danper, whic esK ted tha p«ty tef censorsh . wolhrovebeeIm .o a lrge h e t fhnitelyrefe beoeor ,ei h ef e The Aotprovidw that,ithe, of w. newspaper agrees to ertain conditions, the penalty forviolating such conditions shall he a fine of 500 andcL twdyears' imprlionment. It further provides that boos he, rited at a liensed press shall have the prlters and hlih-her's names, and that copies habll be sent to the ai ntrates.r. Beodes thi, the Governor.Genaralmnay pro bitsithe circulation of any book, newsper, or printed paper, wherever printed; sid who. ever ewinl iports, publishes, .or circulates, or cxause to h pub orciculaed,anysuichb newspaper or printe pa~r,illabIe O e.-penay of flOOl. er..two years'lm. prisonent. e Nrto, thof bingo5the provisions of the Act, itis ecesary seewhatweretlhe co6tidtions reqplired from the -editrThose o were:- aThat no boo, pa'phet, newspaLper, or other work' shll contin any obeervatiopa -mnpuguing the motives or destins of the Brihsh Government, eit bherin England oe Indi, or In any wzytendiig. to brhig It 'into contempt 'weaken Its authority,' om that ef prits servats, dlvi or- andtogeatter tothed fidezl ofther pjxE H-toz RLrg ndG npion anythin pibusaea tendncya to ecndriee stoapictots sn, exose na ontive mindof inteferee 'weith their relio eirn relchon somnch alnlimate poheqosin that cothntrg hall be presoed tho wea t ent the frriendship of unThert tabov heseconditionsspl haequnanly ogiam matterlo and bt mlatter acoIed fnroother pbicnationIs"e' o Nbw tha condir t of ons I nhins as ' whic requires that nhivenginalo be pgnsh whIch t heaoem ten enctyt r reate suthteit ina-the-nativen find 4fw o i terer Goene methther renligion, ansd also-ta wichnn {thnSthat nothn sadhallb pithe nitlch to the reltiendship of atie prthes d tiowarsusarye p weesek' enitloatefaoldoa mderts that theneh ono t Ltioive iL an e tastb vrlosaoed.En pnot beendithe Axtreme' d #iberf whi t is crdrsof biyp t ersicat ion of foiniontsasywi theyopeot of the cvee. ente rtineotbythie-Gove rnme my i resplt- taemet S cunatves -Poers. maNo 'ore tnh-mytienverdthewnte-r: slighet susicaion upkone 'the 'riendsio o the Governven wthn re grdnt the Gon of the 'opuntriknow welpl the d mgrov of wathn it hie bma wfea ke 'the greneraseoau of the nGoveprines. if thda,bt provy siByon thad oten inctrthed Govrnmn of thedit onrs of ditlon of -our Indian empire at the present time. We owe the saety of onr commuvnications di an extensve diostict altogether to the fidlelity of the Rejabs of Rewak and Gwa. Ior; bto if, inaste of abataiineg om making observations upon the conduct of thoe princes, the Indian newspapers had expressed doubts of their- fidelity aand, in the aspit which too much anlmatehp persons In tat country, had expressed a hope that when our rule was re-established there would be further and furher annexations, I aswre you that every part of oentral Indio, chefs a well a subjebts, would have bieen in armas agaitnst us. I therefore entirely agree with the Government in the ncessity of Making that condition, and also in the neoessity of makli dnrnI the coniution with reepectrn to the religion of the nativesr; but observe how eshe conditions fal in meeting the requirements, 'which arne equally, or nearly equally pressing, and how the Act itself and the conditions imposed under it go altother beyond the nooessity of thu' case. No doubt inceonvemenoe mar iresult-utder some circamostanera there may be more than inoonvenience-from the disemination through the press in India of observations tending to bring the Government of that country into contempt. Bat the providons of this Act are not confined to the general oonduct ofthe Government in India, but they apply to the conduct of tio Govaenment of this country ia so far as it affes the Indian empire. Al that the Government of India hAve to do is to p reserve their own safety, aud to leave us to ourslves ; but, Instead of confmuingthemselves to this object, they make the penalties attah to any newspapers or books whatever, wherever printed, and also to newspapers which rpubli pape printed elsewhere. Indeed, tha recent cae a newsa t per was either waned or suppressed-I don't remeber:wrt ch-for republishing Inte dias an a pticlefroman2wsper,calldthePr, published in this country. Now, obeerve what tue elfect of this provision really is. Thiaw rohibits thaepressof India fromspeking frEey on the asubject of the position of Engishmen In that country, and also with reference to thea onduct of the Government there; and, as far as It can, It extends its coercion to the press of this country, for It provides for prohibietihg the pubication of anything which has been publishea I Englad that may notnsuit the views of the Government of India, and'from the day of such prohibition any Engfish gentleman In India who knoWingl reeveI book or a nowewspaper o proibited wlnl b ibet a pnlt of 5001., and to two ymeas Imprisonment. Wy ylrs the things most Injurious to the Goernmen of Indiaare the debatne which someties take place In this House (cheers)--such debates as took place on the first day of this session and such as may be expected during its progream Is ntgt be said during those debates which is ntluaoyo h Government here and in India? Is nohn htve lob ad impugning the conduct of the.G ermnhr, or the policy of the Government `of Ida If, hioweve, in any one of those debates anything asi of suc'h a nature, the Governor. general may requr tha h Enlis newspapers contaiing thLem shallb ae t i,ad on finainn anthing objectionable in the reoto n pehIn either Houe ~of Parliament, he- may pghbttecirculation of such Inewspaper, andI any gnlmnwokoigyrcie TWe Times or the Dailp1~, of aceti-de,aerht -prohibition, is subjestapeatof50.ndwoyr' imprisonment. My lord,Idntko hte ti h ob1ect of this provision, btcrtil Its effect, if fully carried out-and from the warning - given to a newspper for republishing a pargraph from an Englis newspaper 1 have no doubt It Is intended fully to carry it out-its effect will bo to deprive us in tbis' country of knowing through the presswhat are th'e opinons of our countrymen in Tndia, and to deprive them, of 'what is stil more imiportant, the opportunity of knowing what we think of them. (EHear. hear.) It'will etablisha systemof mutual Igorance. The GoTerno-r.Gneral sald,when. he imposed the law,that It was directd aginst the native preoss; that the native press had pbihdthat which was fnjurious to the State - that he could no say the same of the English press; bul that he could not xee any solid standing ground on -whic'h a line might bedrawn marking out the diffiference between one and th ther That, again, Is following out the inisane principle oftreating inni-and epcal at the .present tme- Matves and Europeans upon the srme foo ng. (Cheers.) abt, although the Governor-General may not have bean able tofind this solid standing ground, it seems he ha3 found in the native press a steppng-stone from which to diret his weapons ainst the press both in India and ia this oountry. Suppose that two persons, one a native and the other an Engihman, were ten before a magistrate in lndia, charged with offenoes. Snppoe the proof atainst the native was decisive, 'hile that against the Englishman was extremely slight and that the judge should say to the native, P andyZ-hat is what we call the natives now- "you are convicted upon the clearet evidence; your offence is of the deepest die; I cannot say 'the same of the English- man, whose offenee Is very lght but I have no solid-standing ground on which a line may be drawn; I cannot nake any dEisnction between you, and therefore you muat both be subject to the same punishment." Can you cal tht justicer? Do you think th4t the Enro. peans with all their pride from the reooLectio of the libar. ties they enjoyed in their own country would suffer that ? But observe that while this Aet does that which is unne. cesary, while it aims at the freedom of the English press as wel as that of the pross of India,it faUls altogether in doing that which is nocessry. There Is not in the conditions one word with respect to the diemmintion of information with respect to the movements of troo s. At a moment like this that of all things Is the mosb important to prevent. If you look back to the despatches of the Duke of Wellington you will see how grevously;be felt the injury on this point done by tho freedom tnd indicretion of the press. (Hear, hear.) I ow its Indiscretion in India. I know I was obliged almoet to violate the law in order to proserve that absolute seey 'whch I know tobe ncessary to the sucemsof military movemen Yet, in respect to this Act therein no ondition to prevent the publiy of every miitAry movement, in India. (Hear, hear.) We sti give tbrotgh our press full nformaffon to thie enemy. Tare is no t a singe newspaper which, does not contain the m os minute detaiUs of every movemeont of the Emanllest detach-; mtn, aUih oe o lis sr d*iffolie b~taung *wh e r4'b-ave launs, arid 'w*les; Wni !h ioX ii wh 3haiterammu4tion and s wlien9t -anadwhetopa aue-anthdia , so o being despribed as sW e nt cn' aTos adre to another. (14t, heir.) Thete .Wnoth:0ns pieoe of information.whibol the epeny wouldgva a mint t, 'posses'that our press is not new alwe to give totha. 'enemy in Inda.l (Eear, bear:) Sherefore, :E say, that it ,iesit-for a ptbitcobject'tbae jaiblisity i#0o~ desred hy~ :tho author~ities iu India, but ii- I for the Pusrpoe of protec,ting the' XGovernmlent tfront the + free dobervationst of those wrho ecuare its corndnest.Ihaveialie&ty stated that theiiiost seriousinjur whia 6Ah pres" esmitis till allowde to exis*. Touizh there, were 11 case of warning i given for the suspension ocf tEnron newspers, the Gotuinment have not given warning *i one intanoe o ny native, newspaper, though it Is petfwe ke n thattho s2aftie newsppers are full oftb tbe ot virulent invectives ag>aist X]ropenIL Still, thtis psrmitte4d.ere isn mother thing permitted, which I deeply zegret and -iew writh grea alarm.. It is ver,y natural, no' doubt, that 'offcers and gentlemen in India, having beard and inWlt'iftbey-have of the horrors oommitted, in mnany cases a*lnAithefr fr1eadg -and dearest relatives, should write witht very ereat ex6ite'met, and should indicate a disposition, whioh. ifLe,rried out, Wouldi,e totally inoonuistent with all possibility of a set,tled adpeaceful Government ef India. Bat not one of their letters is ever excdda-froth' the. ElrtopeLn 'pre'^'- Itsi is ''reat '<iidiieeffici ^on&''-kdei part of- Ith editors, as well at of the Government, - not to 1prevent-the publicatier,of, "uch ,letters Therefori s IAy' that theAGovernitnent' d'oes n'ore -ijurt-lis"alown, ;throg the mnedltrm of the s,or reanemes-to know eTery.ijovement ,our troops, andhjaUowinteverYexcltd men to prblisi his feeliegs to tbehatihi vhnb,y pernitting the ptess to remain as Utwa eten under the formier sytem. , bewr,hear I must allude -to the feeling.whichsin , Indiaontthe'rsubject of theoondr'dof theI EnglRihpress,' h'ere fsno oneirwho can eel more deeply than Ihevoe the atraxlyofthe -xecries commifted it Ind Noenefees more than I do that it is absolutely neces to give future ' eecurlty toEnglihmnenin-thafrosintrybypuiihrjint he' 'ost t exermplry manner A.ll who. sould be ooited of hv irg pstpeed those crimeer (FIgar, hear.) The criime of the sold er wrho attacks lila bificer is to my view the eem of perricidi The titme d-* mobi who violt a , wo,manis so horrible thftfor,my art I eould wish than the legislaton of all the ,iorld the punshment-Bth in etorable punishment-1 for it 'were dth Bat eonl'anr ,4n# have atemplatd the poerblte of trimoueld-'x- L~ ~ ~~ ~~~u teie5omtdnnltxi ofit Wm' andnnur- , d ezng hilren' Tier u omeUlc orevoltlng to huiman nature insmch crierme dthetIsoVudn howAny oaieyouldd 'poibly bo how for so horrible an offenoe. tiogr,'hear )1 I wourld perecute with nremItting and untiring adtheperpetratorf of those hoirfble crimes. GOd *ouldnotforve u i!wepaoned themu;.butldo,en. treat your lordahips an& the uee,leofthi ountry, and o~rrooint*imeux nhndi to re'coQci'that'for ptrn!shenttto produtcerealeffect thee mutt he diaemnatitoir; (lIear.) .To prc4uce effect the punishment ween of the greatest offenoes must appear to he inflicted alter, ample investigation froiu ~he judialadmsirnistrators of the law. (Sbet, hear.) It' must not appear to be tbe reknit of the wild vengeance of a private individuaL (Hear, hear.) If It be-desired that outr pempire in India should be, asltrItitwill, eternal, itean esonly np mutual sonfidenee betweenu the governors ndgoverned, and' I trust that inithe hour of victory, if we should triumph, we shall ha found as jealous of our honour' ins the Izoinof difficulty j fuSbt icting on selh ' princilei iresha"ll, if so unfortunate ae,to fall, he accompanied In our fall b y that whlich we have hithexto cared withL 1U, anar hope ever will car with ns through this greet contest, the ,mipathy and goodwill of Europen nations. (Hear, hear.) ase noble earl concluded by moving for a copy of the .Am Act lately EEsed by the Leisaive CounCIl of Inda; ahso, a rehurn of all native and Europsai 'newDsapers licensed under tbe .&ct of the Legla,latlve Council of India sed on the 13th of Jnne last; and ala, copies of all etiirs of wanng addressed to the editors oF any such nativ and IEnropea n ewsppers resipectivel, and of all revocations of tbe licenoes, if any, of such newppers, and, of all corres,con. dense relating to thre restitution thereoF. Earhl GR&ANVILLE.-Th noble earl, in pursuu4 oF his 'notioa, has directed his attention chiefly to the subjects of the Arms Act and of the Act wthich places restrIctIons onth# prem in Ind&; hut he began byatating that dalar had been felt in Calcutta for the safet of that plaes. TEhi very circmstnce wa folly Invst!fgted, and it wasz oascrtInd 'that there was nothing ta warrant V'ny ea alasrm as to -the safety of Calcutta The ArsActi to whic-h the noble earl referred contains provi. awirsp ect to theiotalJon of ltptre and gun, and writh respect to dealing Inars As the nzoble earl has not alluded to that partof the measure, it is not necessr for me togo into lt. Tbeother pat of the measure I do ;not think In any way meats the description wlifeh the ,noblo earl gave of it. The Act does 'not immedli' jatey compel the Eunropeaus. and atives to give Sup their arms, or to obtain licene to carry them; hut iti enables the. Governor-General in CouncUl to,proclimnany distrlcti,reerving to blinel tbe porer of exempting from the operation of the Act any persons or classes of persions whom hre 'may think fit; to exempt. I knowr that at Calcutta there was a eryg neraislithat ,maril law should be at once established, and general disappointment took pliceO that that was not, dons. It has been said that Sir Colln Capbell, supported by the Governor-General, desired the establishment of martial law, but there Is not the slightest foundationfor that statment. The towrn wan not in danger, randcontinued perfectly tranquil during the two Mahomedan festIvals, whEen danger was mos t o be apprehended. With respect to the defence of the lives and property of the inhabitants, their lordahips would recoUlect the ridicule with which on a former occasion the noble earl treated the idea of persons going about with revolvers under their umbrella ho defend themstelves. But the noble earl's objection to the Act is that Eunropeans are comprehended within Its provisions as well an natives. and. he says tha this is net the policyr we ought to purse|but the policy should betomaket,he English he liko Normana and th3 natives like Saxon. I eannot agree In that opinlon, w/hich I think is perfectly iceonsLstent with that portion of the noble earrs speech In wthich he observed that without Imutu al feelings of kldndoess the Governmlen t of India could |not be carried on. Nothing could be more inconsitent with such an opinion than the announcement in this house by one of Its most eloquent members, and one, too, who han had so much experience in India, that the fewrzesident E3nglsh there should act as Normans, and that the millions of natives sould be treated like conquered Ssxons A suggestion ws made to Lord Canning that Christians should be exempted from the Act, but, most properly I thinkc, he felt &tht since many of the native rajabs, zemin. dars, and their retainers, had exposed their lives and properly in order to stand by the cause of the Government, any act subjectinag them to a disarminent from which all Europeans and Christ'ian ere expressly exempted wrould have been a most unwnsre and impolitic meaunre. (Hear, hear.) Supposig the Ac proclaimed in any dir. trict, can your lordship. Imagine that it would be difficult for aloyal Englishman who wishes to be exempted to gve a t once -the onlb notice required with regard to the number of arms which he possesses and wthich he desires to retain 9 It must be obvious that every English man worthy of the namne will he very glad to comply writh the Act In that respect, and nothing mnore will he required of him, for the Act provides that in a proclimed disrict wherever any person make3 a return of the arms in his poe. session and requests to he allowed to retain them he wili receive a loenee enabling him to do so. There can he no objection, surely, to such anAt (HIear: how ) The noble earl, leaving the subject of the Atrms Act, proceeded to comment upon the restrictions placed on the press, and that question he seemed rather to darken by the statement that Lord Cannng had made an attack upon the British press at home, I deny that statement. I believe Ljord Canning would be infinitely fees likely than the noble ear Ihimself to object to the freet discussion of public ques- tions in the press, or to the widest circulation of a nything tending to the enlightenment of every class ef BrilUsh subjects. Nobody but a madman wvould think of attacking the press at home; and the day on jwhich such a question may arse, If we can venture to contemplate such a thing, will be a day d'ark and gloomy in the annals of England. But the English press In India, a s partly stated by the noble earl, stnds on a perfeCtly different footing from the press at home. Ntothing, indeed, ca nbe more dissimilar. Thenoble earl stted that the press here represented the people. That is sO true that I believe |there is no clans wfhich is not represented by a portion of the aggregate press. It is to be remembered, moreover, that our press is asisted and controlied by the Houses of Parliament and by the public meetings whilch are constantly held all over the country. The press eertainly influences and assists in the formation of public opinion, but public opinion daily reacts upon the press, checking and controlling it in a variety of ways. A wholly different stateof thingsexistsinIndia. Thenoble earl mnut have read the minute of Sir Thomas Munro, and, although he may not entirely agree with it, yet the author t. of Sir Thomas Munro is not to be put aside, es- ecia when he points out what dangers may aocrue in ndla from the errors of the English press, refrtring particularly to the msbchiefs which maght be preduced among the Sepoys in our own psy. It is woey of remark that the noble earl has treated the Act relative to the prem as if it werea permanent provlsionL adopted for ever in India, wbereas, in the letter alroady presented to Parlianment and by the Act itself, it is clearly conflined to one year, and is intended merely to apply to the extordinary and exceptional circumstances in which India is now placed. (Hoar, hear.) I may state that the English press in India, by an order issned by the noble earl himself, is now pro. vented from obtaining that official information which it formerly ued to possess. Sinoe the promnlgation ut that order everybody connected with the Government of Lndia has refrained from writing in the press or glving it intel-llganoe, and henoa the absence of any securty exoept the loyalty and judgment of Ite managers for the wise and sober exercise of its power. The EArl of ELLENBOROUOH.-The ioble earl ha msapprehezded the object and effect oF my order. What I did may he explained In fewr words. I fonnd gentlemen in ndia wrho thought that public documents which aeme Into their hands as servants of the Government were theirs to d e oflor make public for their own purposs whenovec the-e I a iv iiiiIn rt~n e to ath Go ~~-ms! vslewtbo f th t cm- cuwcm*whm* r, Zwoildbei IBble to tolerate in any order u- , ift*existedhore, ii t .a±h*lelob*o& o iLe oh 0 - sible petof-nftiL hthear 4nt. oisti entermsold t -pubi fucinre httu uy Wag, and disire thiag, 'to 4eit. ;(He#r,hbear.), IErI GRANVI[LE.-If the orderws confined to pentlon of the poblicatde n of offcial nfoinntion 1i bordninMa tese e(OtbeGOVernihent, Iadonttgluthe eouldbe anychp6 itt Iit The EArl of ELLENBOROUGH..-. Ahe p r e dered necessary by the conduct of oie of 4heli', 4 isiblepersons lathecountry. , -'. *" IEarl GRAlNVILLE.Th*erefct*cE1a.been d;0pe ,ventany public official from formlnt any coneio. wto the prow~. oneitW TheEarl of ' LNOROUGH...--o offiig ha 4mhq, to publsh publlc documents. Earl GIANBVIut-Exae . . D there i6adiffera"; letieen that aMd an 60iclalmakldtt use of Vtie treis a .'D thinnel through which to- communicato to-the pubal. such iew4. a¶uaents, cr explanationi i -it oIl' to know. T ero s would - be nothing wrorg, fd' xample, -1a & police iniatUrate, in the: eveit I, Ian-acustic beirg brought againWt him, publising ade-o ,fenceof hls 'onauct in the newspapers. At tho heAd cr - tcthe Mpetmetof'weducstio;woI regardte pb1ab4 -tlk he-oficilsof anything calulLtea to pxototo ..., legItimate, whil I vwoud -wondninn'-As criminjal and nbi.w dlehonouable the discomur of matters aLffec the gnata gove!rnrnnt of the outr But, however hat eW I.E-wis'h to direct th. atno of youriordshliai totizoe fcm thbtef let. yers the Eglish pressin India, with feawxeogprl to ae nmot violent In-its attacks upon the k 4GIo - ment holingit up to coontempt in'' every posible wasy. me0nobletearl-says it wRitefor Englishmen alone.. aIs m, told, that is not the* f#ac; it is read. extensively by natives acquainted-with Enlish; its articles are traridtea in tho: natve duralz an th evls-it atproduceed in thsWax Earl GRANVI.-I do not know the Pre6 - The Erl of ELLNOERUGI...W5 it Wort, or aftje the Oalingeof tpaen At elativet3o tipor . ? Eafl GRANVIILE.-Beroaeit, 'Tne Cacutt&a pe aMJ nounced that part of 'the deflelency in thepublic revel:u14 was to be met by a roducljon oJ the allowancei granted tf zativeneinobe Such statements were of cour produedveof t of and, besides their effect upoathe.inrativesX I thik Lr ann had, easox to complain' of thenim pon anothnerground. Hewas iii tbe4baAt-f pbit ieCfalua papers ate infematlozs which lereezv of ~An aLuthentic cha~racter, anda yet it was, no unusual thine to'find in the same journali6- bytbe sade of the gfficial intel ligence obtained from the Government, ewas of an entirel3. oppth ot haraotr, for whic h 'itere was no. fondatlo* whatever,' and caculated to'causel great 'detrimenit to tl*s Englih eanse. That wa conduct which could motbe ov looked. (1ear, hest.) I, 'have seard -it saidd that lbe Indian Governent have maed greLater rigour towar the Eglish thanutowards thet native pres. The ffct , iT bel&ie, tht except in 'on or, two instancer , where It ha bean found necesry to ake ma editor into cusody, thi native press has submited ftsalf'pezoatbly to the instrue tieno ished by Govh nmkthe weures the nglvsh prest with; that erines wbith chanrceries us all, has become snore nrienaly than ever. (A laugb.) it Wa absolutely noes ,sey that the Government should phoceed against tW English press, for tt would lave mnada itself laughing. stock to the whole of India if, after having ascd such asm' Act, it had refrained fromn putting 'itnt executlon. (Hear, hear.) I am the re anre xious to state the grouMt upon which I think. the conduct of the Government quxits defensible, and, indeed, iMpertiVely called forby a sense ov ' Erlpeva ther is to dobt,b hat it nm ihbisActwi-1 caused all the irulent attacks-whlchhav,, been made by the Indian pre upon Lord Cannim nd e the pronulgaticon tf-oe rebitoters. (cear,ohear.) Teo no blpoe lordo sdthat the Governmint padsed the Act to defsEma itself. N~ow, there were. no. personal attacks upont ur Cinning inhilte presn previous to the pasig of the Aet, and therefore there tould be no vindictire feelirg oathi parztofAl teGoerGenorGeneral. If tndoins AJuly.umber of 'one of the leadinig Calcutta paper,, which smarts' unider the Infliction of a 'warning,. a' statementto the effect that up -to the timao h rsrctos,vr- CElutta, but from the nigoegtmolitay uana but hissyne. ia the countrd Ca to the danteroes tenoency ot mnd h r E thf writing both e arte r;it h and thent,e estere, WI more than jstifed Cn pann g a temporaevious stcthve. pakn at o time ActewlL all thepryaof Ie G Lvernment wCan re. rceiv to reprend the Engsi catnoe. t(Etear, hen.) Witmi re,pecnt to thae clodng remaros of thee nobly earlo noth,ng 'I - am sure, could he more admirable, especialy coming fromt one so well adqualeted with India: I believe thae thermi no question of showing mercy to anv one man guilty of mutiny, murder or infanticide; but it In most lmportant tht punishment sould be administered as a public act, and preserved from all eharacter of private. ven3geance Hear.) I was glad to bear the n2oble earl affirm, so firmly a.s postively all the principles ofLord Cannng policy with rerd to the punlbmoent of the guilty and theihowng, I not ay marcy, but justice to the innoeant. Itntirely agree with te noble earl that the oly means oE insuring good -government in India Is to oduce and encourage-confidence between thepeople and thelr rulers. If our government is to continue, cur only object mnust be thehappinew of those whom we govern. That object isperfectlI compattblo wiiththebestlnterests of the inglish nation, and E believe that when theselevents re calmly condderd, and at all events, when history shall pronounoe its verdict, nothing wil so entirely justify lord Canning as the cAlmoeEs and the Snrnees ith which he resisted the presSure to which he wAs subjected to Induce him to place Europeas and natives on a different footng. s conduct in this re. spect will, when this dlsstroux mutiny has been suppresged enable the Government to resume its former course, and lo be administered without its being regarded by the native& as a tyrannical and hostUe power. This calmness and couae Iord Canning has displayed In the highest degree. I have seen letters in which he has been accused of every compatible and incompatible deficiency which a man could exhibit under such circustances; but I anm bound to say that in some of these very letters, written before Delhi was taken or Lucknow reached I have seen imputations of actual cowrdice cst upon both General Wilson and General Havelock (hear), the renlts of whose operatlons havo shown that not onfy was every bit of caution whch they displyed ab4dlutely necessary, but that their objeck have been attained only by the most heroic exertions on their parts. (Hear, hoar.) On the other hand, my lords, I have seen letters-from young men, It is true, whose opinons are not worth much, bui still showing that the conversation which they bear is noW all on one side-defending Lord Canningsi character and' conduct, and complaining of the unfairness of the attacks W6 which he ha been subjected. I have also seen letters from some of the ablest Indian offioers, praising In the highesi termatheoouoae anthe ooolne of Lord Canhig. I havsieen letters from elvlians who have passed their whole llv.t In India, holding exactly the sane language, and stating that the real cause of Lord Canning's unpoprularity among a certain portion of the Calcutta peo,ple is the singar calmness and absence of fidget with wich he ha ap lleda his energies to the workn haband. Do youwishL toinoo what General Mansfield thinks? General Mansfiele said, by the first mnal, that he could only judgo Lord Cau. ning to be oneof the beat men of business that he hacAevamet; by the second mail he wrote that, having had sameb o,pportunity of sECertalnin facts, his belief was that the one calm head in sctta was that upon Lord Canning's shoulders. (Hear, hear.) Sr Cohn CAmpbel thinks that the English in India are fortunate in having shc their head at this momnent so able a chief, so perfectet gentleman, and such an admirable mn of business as IArde J"anning. (He, hear.) I think that to some imputatiou Lord Canning is jusly liable. I think; that, at a momentwhen great paulo existed ix Calcutta, he was rash in trust. Ing himself to troops whose fidelity might be suspcted; but it was at a timeo when he felt that, as our domnion lax India depended upon the belief In our self-confidence and courage, It was of thb greatest importance that the head of' the Europeans in that oountry shoud not be thought to be deficient in thoe qualitles. (Rear, hear.) And I m quite sure that, among Englishmen vn, toogrenat an Indiffereosc. to peronaldanger is not likely verylong totdllagainstloIS Canning. (Hear.) Ihavethoughtitrighttosaythusrauch In justice to Lord Canning. With regard to these two A ct li admit that possibly there may be defects in their degauss but I cannot aee the justice of the accusations which the noble earl has brought against them, and I oertainly be. lieve that by the means ot these measures the principle of amciliating the native tribes has been carried out, without; In the sightest degree endangering the lives or the property of the Europea residents. (REear, hear.) The Earl of ELLENBOROUGEL-If I undestood the nobleearl orrectly, he expressed the opinion that Lord. Canning is more favourable to the liberty of the presa that Iam. EArl GRANVILE.-More favourable to free di-cas. sdon. Lord ELIENBOROUGH.-Free discunssion I I thonght. It wa about the pres Asto that, LordCa&nning,% Ibera4 Ws the author of this Act. After I had been in Indiethree days I was subjected to much more abuse than Lord Canning. I saw the danger arising from the indiscrelon eP the press, and it was not for want of suggestions from homethat I did not adopt some measure against it. The Directors,. I recollect, suggested to me that it would be adviable to hmn poe some restrietions npon the prets, and that it wold receive the cordial support of theBoard. Totelltherel truth, however, I suspected the quarter from which the eommunib cation came, and thought that I had got diffioulties enongk without engaging in a oonfliect with the press Therefore I bore the abuse as I could, and my only offenoc wAs that. after my first three months' residence in India I never rea aword thatappearedinthenewspapers. (Alax%h.4 They treated me in sueh a manner that was deter-mned not to allow them to disturb that tranquillity of y mind which I knew to be essential to carryingon the public businoas. e, noble earl oPposit h' spoken of some prosecutions under the Act. There have been three proauon4, I underf stand, of the newspapers whose exoese led to the dng of the Act. In the fitrt two ew the gentlemen *hlro =o2 duoed the prosecution on the part of tae Crown caie fotarms with the perfonswho were placed in the dock, asu agred to take a verdict of one rupee dams I thethi cuse lso there was a. verdict fcr Insignificut; damages (at. we understood). Of Lord Canlnig I have sild notii- r have rbade no attack ulon him. (Re"r, bear.) Bore h sraking out of -the i osurrecto lol Conning w p- sonally extremely popular. Ee idl himself out- to obtaL}& pularity, aud he suooeeded. Every one did him tt juttius. soay that he was a eonscentious, hardworinag aan, andu.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, Dxo. 7. The SPBRa& took the chair at 4 o'clock. Mr. A. Rus&siuL took the oaths and bis eeat for Tavis. took. The hon. memberwas Introduced by Lord J. RBUeU and Ar. Hayter. Mr. CONMG}A pr6eented a petition from Brighton, In favour of teachers irn middle-class schools being trained and having certificates of merit. A ptitlon was presented by General THoMpsoiP, from the Bapt congregatiori in Zion Chapel, Birminghsm, praying for a thorough reform in the government of India; and by Mr. BLAcK, from, the Committee of the India Christan Association, Edinburgh, prying for the complete removal of all Government encouragement of tho system of caste, all pubic support of idolatry, and all ob. structions to the profemson ot Chrlstianity by the natives or to the free promulgation of the truths of the GospeL NEW WRIT FOR SCARBOROUGH. On the motion of Mr. H&umn a new writ was ordered for the borough of Scorborough for the election of a burgss, In room of Lord MuIlgrave, who has accepted the office of Steward of the MAnor of Hempholme. EAST INDIA REVENUE. On the motion of MIr. A. bfxs, a return was ordered of the revenue derived annually from all sourmes of txathn in India, from 1852-53 to 1855.56 (In contination of Parliamentary Paper No. 336 of session 1855) Mr. J. LOCKE moved for and obtained an order for returns of the uumber of aores under the cultivation of hops, the amount of duty charged in each collcion of 1857, distinguishing the dlstricts &c. CORN RETURNS. Mr. BASS obtained an order for a return of the various weights and measures used in the towns from which the corn returns are nmde. SAVINGS-BANKS. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY moved for and obtained returns relative to savings-banks. THE ADDRESS. Lord CASTLEROSSE, the Controller of the Houehold, appeared at the bar, and announced that Her Majesty had been pleased to recelve the Address of the House of Commons in answer to Her 3Majestys Speech very graciouly, and to make the following reply - " I have received wltix much satisiaction your loyal and dutiful Address. It is my earnest dedre a all tlmes to cooperate with you In measures which tend to improve the ate of the country, and to promote the welfare and prosperity of my people in every part of my dominions." NDIA. Sir J. PAKINGTON pe notice that to-morrow he would ask the President of the Board of Control whether he intended to 3nclude In the papers upon the affairs of the East India Compiny which were promised In Her Majes Speech a memorial from certai inbants of d at prayng for the recall of the Governor-Geeral Al'so whether there would be any objection to lay upo ih tablo he correspondence that had taken place tween any department of the G;overnment and the Peinsular and Oriental Cempany witEh reference to-the conveyance of troops to India viQ EGgypt. HIe would also ask a qnsstlon relative to the administraion of the Cilve Fund. JOINT-STOCK BANKS. Mr. COWAN gve notice that4hev Mr. HeadlUn moved his resolution in favour of the principle of limited liabilty in joint-stock [banks he should move an amendment, declaring that from recent disclosures it appeared that the nterets of large bodie of shareholders had been damaged by delusive statements, and that a searching Investigation ought to take vlaeo into the manner ln wklch thesee stablishments had been conducted, with a view to protect the interests of the shareholders and the public. HER MAJESTY'S SEHIP JUNO. Mr. WARREN riahed to ask the FirstLord of the Admiralty whether his attention had been called to a recent naval court-martial held on an officer of Her Majesty's ship Juno, atd whether any steps were contemplated by the Governmeht in respect thereto. Sir 0. WOOD need hardly assuro the hon. and learned gentleman that the attention of the Admiralty hAd been ealled to the court-martial in question,. and X that they had observed with the greatest pain thiat an ocicerf the charaoter and services ?f Captain Fxemantle, himself the son of one of our most distinguJshOd of lcert, should havW r pTaced hinmelf ta b poition in whiclv he haad expo hni. fuselftothesever ndmerite&,censoo.f tb Bard otAdrciralty.~~ (tear,jear4) A.tthe rno.timn itwuiolil fajx tl*at SHerten clreumrsetvs slzoul4 be hOn.ir-tblicJ&ia& .-we! eed with th a d o diralty, and -which wo7pld no ',t1b%iOb. with'-tho -HQ9O of~-Cei6mzolir >on ,ing'-1$ opmlozi.' When. Cp~tan-xmantie- ared ito t#ke charge :of'tha Australian station' he -eeived 'a ltet frooiA the AdmirvZ enpTiaiug of the rielxationI,- ofdicpln wh~-ad nplc on that stain oione parts of the wdrldaoi stteriRtkbout tatit was metinseaimpcssible-to held cou martlds,- and-naval discipline - was -tberefq re wiith r onme, difficulty apheld, undet tsecr&iuataccs. -Wlierot wasjcsble the Admiiralty sent outi officers .of diaffront,ank, so that.rcoext-martials IiI71iShtbeeld2b-itls ewn6t 'alw*a.a p)ratieshle.- Cptaisi Ecemantd ihad reabcnto tke atrieter view:efiLdisc!, pline n-4onqgun of.thbAdmiral's ette.- -e *H s not aimelf CaAnted>w±tlt aptbit-3FreWmntle, khut be was assured byliohT ineinlSera that-it ws 'luipweie -A, could have bee, acituated b ra.nothermotive-tan-the d. sire to atrlct pflioe Wc frm i 'jf 'hiaidut. H:;E[lieve&i that 'tain- xfmantie0-had -betn agreater s'ufferer than.hmael( frCnrwhatad happened. Ie-had hadtobarty on almost a lltllit(e -extc'itive- ditties of-T;he ship,' alnd hiii health had: bto}ei do*i¢ndcr it! The- accounats of th-e>sort-martisl Ai"e fxom th duty,of -bl pi7h1'i int einmbent'u'$ioniin to dl5 iae. He ira&it iOIn',a state either of bodil or- hntal'hbalth to-enable him to ste the case In such a way t a, c0ount either of.bis own bosduet otihat of the offloer on Isis ia *e(S1r. Wood) did sot impun theyerdict of the court-in iart whlch he thoughht 4hefi6ey ar)..andix%b.;w s ,tPixemte scoaduc endothef,. iwhtel4the Adtt' raity'iad puruedeii tey riemembired that e wa a .o,rof very higi hin&anAblesnished ebatefr ud of 3g 'oyeuie-t ssjsitt>if- these' 'eircumw aces -id notarr xtsyomewelgit. (Retr.) At thestme,f tbeo-Jugo,had beenk raeon commisslon,the-Btd ot Ad4 ropl&have felt-ttobe, *th; bi -duty-to npersede Ci.ptn 4-emsnte.t Ae he was,l however, .. u-nde crderstobb1ald of- AUd rs- shehad co*me homewith no officer but. th captalnto,onduotAhe.duty, It. 'would have. bee.niin--- t to h. reove him Captain PremantnY, but dLplyjor the eonvien66- of the e Uc~rvie~that-h net at once supersededt.;"hat Qommander-in-Chif t Portsmouth, sr ib to-tom.. munlatto CaLn eiheir opion a,,eon udengallth ruaancid ho had bn uut in the course whiche hSgdpuauejl towrsthoseoffiers; that if there had been ground fori-l charge 'they ought to havs .been examined Into on thspot, d that=he ought. not to bave subjected them' to suhalengthened ed of arrest (Hiear, hcar) - ' Cain t daite ord' have been super. aeded If the Jr nho %dWmMnoonger In commloni -ut ig ,'ws thouAht 2iore colvient- to pay her off. :A '-severe cesisurehad3ee &- Xhel errcalnedonrocord at the Admiiratad at the Gnminder.in.Chles office atI 'Por&smouth-a warning to al officers who might bb placed in a similar postion. e tbou,ht that, takig ito consideration all the c1cumrau ces, and, with a proper regard to jatice, the House would be-satfied if-tk Admiralty -took no-further stepeIn he .matter. . (Hear. THE 699M PREGIMENT. Mr. SCO8 T begged to isk -Her-Xajesiy Government whAtwas the' advantage and-the expense-of noving the 69th Eeglmentwhich was quiihteed -at Plmouth, from Ply. month to rortsmouth by ai to embarnc at Portsmouth in ort2er to- return by sea to Plymouth, before departing for the East Indies, and like*ise by whose authority it was done. fir J. RAMSDEN said that three shps were taken up by the East Iidla-Company to- convey the-69th Regiment to Alexandria, two of which embarked the men at lyiuth The third was a mailr kamer, and under the terms of the oontratt was not allowed to -touch at any other port in Eng. bancexcept Portsmoutli,pd a. detachment, therefore was conveyed to Portsmonuh and embarked there. It was' done under' the usi:af- authof- ot the' Edrd of the qartermaster-Generas Department. ' . . . ' GU,ANO. '- 313. CAIRD beggeodto, ad the- Sacretry of State fo the Colonles whether an%;-rcioss on the part of the British com'mit - Aden'bad bebn ffered to the employment by the Guano Expedition to, the Kooria Iooria T1.nds of -i an iW sell er. labourer notinatives of bIdis, and whether Gqyerni4sent had taken tep o remove that obstruction. -- - Mr. LABOUCHEME said that when theis.bject was lagt before the House he Atite thit be, MAjesty' Government hd determined to afor a fari tial ttempt'to obtain guanofrom the-ioo iaEooriA-Islands.i Valdp,of war had :been sent to proiect the trade, and from'thbesocounts in the papers ther seeme d`oiMtfAb1o gtounds for believinu that a coniderable - suppl- a -goano had itn oonsequenoerbeen obained. Withl regard- -to' the question of the hon. gentleman, the - Government of Bombiy thought thbxe -were objaetions partly- of a legal-nature to allowipg any labourers I*o be takea from Aden, and the commandant a& -Aden -da forbiaden thelr emoloyment-Her MajesWts Governmefit.1ha alle4 the attenton of the India Government to the obstroction, and expressed a hope thi if there were no valid remo for ft it-would be removed. The master was under the conslderationofthe -Board of Direotors,-aud -Ie wasnot able to atatest the present moment the declion at whiWhthey had VrleL (Hea. arvd RE0BRMATOZ S(CHOOS TN IRELAND. In replfto M A. qBGw ' . - - Mr.- H. HERBERT id he hoped inl the presentt seieion lto able to -ropoee a aeasre upon the subject! which would be satiactory. , THE BRITISE ENGIEERS 3T A NEAPOLITAN PRISON. Mr. IL MILE S.-The noble lord gave us to understand that he wa In expectation of receiving additional Information respecting the condition and treatment of the two Briti engineers who are detained in prison by the Neano. litan Government; I beg to ask him fwhether he has re ceived that Information, and if hhas, whether he wil communicate it to the Housa ? ;ord PALMEWSTON.-The qtuestion of my hon. friend has onlysanticipated an intentlonwhich Thad to askpermlssion to make a statement somewhat modifying that which- I made on Friday.. On Saturday morning we received additional despatches, and another despatch was received this morning. I am sorry to say the aceount which those despatehes give does not tally with the account received before from the Rev. Mr. Pugh. The Rev. Air. Pugh stated that the men made no complaint of their treatment, that they were in good health, and in a tolerably spaciouw apartment. On Saturday morning waereceived despatches from tho actIng consul, giving an account of an interview which he and the father of bne of them had hbad with the engineers. They seem to hanv entered into much more detail with re. gard to thelr treatment since the commencement of their confinement. They did not know the chaplain, They did not know who he was, or from whom he came. Hon. memben wil very easily undertad why they did not like to expatIate very much on thelr con, dition to a stranger; but to the acting consul and the father of one of them they were more communicative. (Hear.) That which they complain of is, I am afraid, not at all exceptional. Of course, it is well known that lleapolltau prisons are reI a disgrace to a eivilized countryh and that the treatment to which prisoners re mbjheted Is more fitting a barbarous age than tihe present time. (Chers.) However, the englneers had not beea sabjected to anything like torture, except that the suffering from being handouffed azid apped when no suoh security was neceary may be somewhat . eo that desciption. They hadben oconfinedat first surd for three months in a dark, damp, gloomy cell, with attendant ircmstanoes which made It paricuarWly offensive- and in. jurious to health. Their health had suffered, and It ir quite true, though It was not stated to the chaplain, that weeof them In a fit of despondency, occasoned by the trtnent they were undergoing and the proepects before them, did attempt his lfe. There was albo reon to think' that on oe of the intrrogatorls of a witness an attemps was made to falsify the evidenoc I was corrected, and the statement was afterwards made suck as the witness deposed. With regard to their present situation the account of the actn* oonsul and the father tallies very much with, the report wllch 'Mr. Pngh had made-namely, tht they were In an sparment sufficiently airy, and that there was nothing In their present treMatont which could be materally oomplained of. I should state, also, that with regard to their former treatmnD t they eompllsvLx.eesivily of very bad food-bread FO black and unwholesome that they could not at it, and oup naueo and unfit to take. We are atill expec8ng as answer froi Signor Carifa, and utmil that Is reeived there Is notizg further to stat - I.or& . RUSSELL.-Will, my noble frend have any objection o lby on the table the despatch or letter of the actg ionsul? (Her, hear.) Lord PAI ESTON.-Parhape my noble- friend wlll allow me to look over It agai I do not kcnew whether any part is of a personal character. I presume there will bo no objection to produce It. NI[r. COl; lGHAX-I wish to ask 'whether any step3 arc likely to be taken with respec to these men, in order to et matter right, Tholvesandllbertiesof nglishmen ar not to be trifled with I this mn er. eThe hon. gentlemar was interrupted by calls of " Order," as it Is not permnitteli to make obserations in putting queons, and immediately zeemed his seat.) ;ord PAIiSTON.-The presentsAteof the mattex 'this :-They are in prison on a charge-of having violated Neapolitan law, and all that wre have , right to demnand is a speedy, fair, open, public trl, with the beAt lega assistance that can be given them for their defence. (Hear, hear.) * GENBRAL HAVELOCK. A ROYAL MESSAGE - iLord PALMRSTOIW then proceeded to oth bar of the House, and announoed a message from Her ajet. The SPMR, -to irhom lt was brougt,' read th Mesage, as follows t -- .' - r "toria1Reginai-Her Majesty, bng.irous of oi- h9 .- mlgua dnrso her favoulr and * ppi;obatlo on ?Y4Tr iielSi 1;e Evd,cctlQ.B, for Feiiifiiet and die ngu hedsertites rendeed-'b. him in coinmaid. of ja body.of .Brl~iid anatie troop. in Indla, andap ti2Iar1ly for the gilant and. sacowffiloperatlon imdeat taken for~'th rlief of the-garrlsfn bf ILacknTowrecoommendt to fi9-oWuoof Commond to ensble Ier Maie.ty to ,Uke provislon for eatingeto to. B"iHinry Hvelock'a p nilon of cl,D. . per annum forr, ihe term. of li JAtural life.. . ... .(Loua cheers.l :-'. ' *On~thainotionIfLord .P~ii~ thelloyal3ueesage ws ordered to be taken consideration to_monrow. T, INDE?INITY 'BILI. n Orthe mtoliot for the om rftftk rgf this Bill, Mir.,GLADSTONE aid, thereo were tWo points AhlUE had dnoIox in the diwilonii Frid d' *o w 'hi& li wfshiqd to cll the attentioll of theiright hen, gentlema the Chancellor .of the Exchequer. The fir ruted to. the manner In which the firt clause of th Bill wag w 6tded The first wrordy oftheBjllwet'lte~ to confirm jiU th; OsM6eD of jnk of Engliad kotes mkde by the Govornot and Comp:nYt ot' th ik of Enild, iai it pzoAdidthian" aill acts do,he in atlosito uchlkes made on accont of cer. lai seuriiesIn he ine'deartentshouldlieLcon.firmed and madevalidy lrersseenea to etbing to ain-, whlChilhght, under gfva ir cumtances, prove lnecnvenient. ingiving adir ctndemninEluyfo Pa rieuttoth.Governor: and 0=ompan, of,ithe,Bauk 6f Kegan so framed sid on kothixg&~(Hear,t.haar.), 'The -Gii'rovrA6s-pa- onip Of the Bankm were,icktpub11-bodIy in me of re. spousible th Parliar'netr-.Throisecvo 'the bepiet-ihe o*u the proghtetofou**neje, an d he- i A suof t"' the fade t ptysioul1be Lgiinin s ruitoJdfi o done in, these and Company whicGdshooi4 ave thOkifiedapiovgl, t 9f thef Tresurzyi (HearAlaeiar.) Th.h]autbofy as diretl rebponsible heod Porlnimntt., -th t he secondit he i was one to Whichhe wars afi*1a.jIfas1b Iona1tmn refer,tforquestion:of-~y prfthespr tmato es-ofe be. opl~ wsbee to ,sknow whcnbethey. asede ao beest enlbat- ng the iamounty ofl& tissue ade bysetlno thae so dp>ftt, aed otrelatn tothe -profitsiof tlaise hich had gone madc. In the.Dbi oe i ~plaeJaewj~etixknow -whethrI a neaodi principle thatheprofitsof these- Iuew-won go, Vot to tbean o Enlad,but totlhe Gorrnent?Her,her. Sarcty sre'aIwi,thes ipria,oe wle4re publi moneynthey: trested s on ,tes rinto ef public faigth, andkewas even sorry thattheormhadbeegonethrougkof-tr&auaferrlngsecuctitlecs against theiu to the isruedepartment becau lb - tended to obscure the fact thot they were publioioney Issuedaon the faith of Parliament- ust -as muh as Exchequer-b ' (Heir, Bexr.) The neit questin was,n how these peiotes. wee-to be ealula"te. There-had - heen reoulat ^nmouit f discussion on that polfit, and be aaos vrereen to ieknow whether the public were- t6- beoinv.e the profil of. lads om the profits 'of. dsount, thee prfitof toisue. bliemi usually pt down-at 1 per cent., Whii the . profits of discountplow -stood at -10 per,cent.- {Ha. ba.)n his ts c Pon ia gnog n thed haoeorth th E hequer said tha estrclamo in, the amountmof Thee"weread as anbeamount of osune whicwentzrat -heb o e pubonic. hed throne. yra nosteln wnitchiy,ot aoion t 1on fthe' occa,o siosl held fnon thecoate'Itr* ta the d mo ithe of the qiueo won as the amount whethepr e the xIeoe odpartmen) ofe the quope nttlon- profs sMrthstldh lol or wlhtor tWOhee rY t gto bbte caxlc ednt tire atsig aBila of iu intdebay the isuedeprtmente or on thep snlternaidene, in &A reoom2en the xfAtlo&l of.,the, lhaUrof that pEoretn hich upo d t oenefrtitotespbsi o-sndenod. aoen the eankl anhou Tmessue. 'These pot b were dot,o a grCeasithatualB iuportnceatdthe- present moment, bte theresh 2 n thel.Hlin htdo whethey aught, o n utlugrheoerd cmetot hd hetanywtledgof theGodvynoithetrepresentathie othenh by (meewof m it iinter a pi- f a.) tiornH. on the L GHoy thore ht ome-th Pllrj ihit was mprsopet acBilof nden on tU vcr ery slender evsdbene- onlye evdnce ino fabct, being te speec ofl her Canceleratof - thed Ebceue ofnaU agriod beio. , an tbao'res-on,e,ce be taeenthe Banke andt he eoaf ur. ToXheret cnldesre doun a howeer that' ittl o the-BnifEgad diretorf weymbrette IVA, omento tglclhe knwldg ,of heourtverumeto rInue: themtoe thiktat tcereainproienia jonithingnkhibauleeth'thofarso. tisoanhe cusrreny g?eation -b okef tiseorasi r thiones Impropedn at montra thioecurn wasiok o on b ahnd hurrem ae a istane; aspnd one of our mast -IuflutntM< .uraisu objedto stothe distnteyr onlc thii e-l 7tho oembr lavst It waas inposible thexaggerate the importan, eof theaqueok tion as to whether the BanEngland bad had!faipl, o hether threihad bbee i mproper tempt pe it in Bsue a situation that the Grovormife nt itahe ethein alternative than to ronimend. the b vtlation V atn lalW.e He believed- it was admitted trAet'y grat9 "Reieh, hia been put upoon the Bank obnoxigland by and vidubl houEe. That imight have been -anavoidable; and2l.n the regular conrse of business-he kner ot; buh ha hearg4l the tfresh In the reooUctiose of thepuc o iurIn- thc r there had been any t rhe Icuonercaren bt Ithe country by mneans of a- combinationxt~onprayo any description. Hesouggeted tbst soeelec-hu&be taken on thu subjemt.hbt ore tohebie. *nd n tbouldmbe*inaUl agreedto.t in order 'to. beDpoe all urthes sion foirtheBesltb sh5dt&ath nhioh ths6e erid co(sthgounds which had .bee, put forward by teat Bank ofn E .rendIeri necessary the suspen uon. of tli Aco1 -ehdro objectioni to the letter which bid be sudb h oen ent sanetioning that suspension. On the' stopp he thoughtbt Borough. et the-terrible cirounistaucee then eitn,te a elce toInterpose their power toprote pli creditauH observed that In the Royal. Speec where was somaehing of an Impntation cast upon the erbiallclasses of the country with refezenc o tercn crisIs, to which, in his opinion, they were oton oxioust ad alwaysbeent the custom of leading pnbc men iwho hade the formation of the iaw, to attemptgh to thrw the ont of responsibility upon the commerrclaelase ; but it was really the system that was toblae, andhe proteste saginst the commercial classes, who h ad difficulte enoughn to oonteand against,, being made responsible for the ules of the system to which thmseperiodical convulsons were to be attributed. The direcor3s of the Batnk of England In their letter gave a brief history of the ovnts of the fortnight lim. nediately preceding- the suspension of the Act, In-which they alluded very ptominently to the etcstp pae of the Lverpol Borough. Bank. Ee thought, however, that the directors had rather unfairly pasd over most important events of asome-what earlier date, which mnust hava exercised a great influence upon the cuarensl. For a lonc period the had been a drain of biulioutotherst-and to e Contient, pdggravated bythegenreltalpspenslon iof cash aments in thea United States of- America. He knew nothing of thl management of the liverpool Borough Bank2 ; but coemated asLvrolwas by the cirumsetenoes -of trade'with Amterfa,,e Hasked whether it was ot reasonableto suppose that the diffpoulties of the orough Bank bad been mrchi enhanced by' the state of publicd cr6fit in America. d The Bank directors in the course of their history alluded to the necessIy under which they found themselves e8rly in November of raising tha rate of intereat on discounts to 9 and 10 per oent. Baurely that circumstatnce wasif itself calculted bt produe gret alarm, anld: ut inwas ny atural to expec that itshou ldhave n rhe sulta onrthe rqf xaany of the weaker houses. - Whendapprehedsion - was oncB Created, arising uto ofe a;longconulationued dhe of.ballon, It was in- whled n tht weas;idi hudb remembered that therewso al nti count mloney to the amount of 200to0g,et rdho teke whether if a nisba!or cremncy ba taken pae i ol -.have bee possible for anycoommercWlhoeoeefrth Bank of England Itself tocx have stodagainsche a demand. It wm-awy m o a o-a,om nercisl crisis. The crisis of a 817wsuse d to have- benw occasioned by the trausitlau from war to=paein 181fi. Mr. Tierney, in 1817, said that the national isietseha irlen to a point wholly without precdent sce th me Nrlin *conquest - but hre (Mr. Cayley) could( not'understand, why that shiould have been the snte of the country-wheanie had ended a great war, unless there was something errorre6us in our monetary system. A crisis. at another. period was at-tributed to over popuaUtion. The, tralsi of 1825 was attributted to the failure of some 700 or 800 private banks. He believed that not mnore than abouit 125 private banks f aed in that year; and it shguld be remenibered that they paid17s Od in he oun. - n oderto 'get rid of these but rearkale-man ho rose at- that;tilme M of 889 tht te Bnk f Eglad w sanwerableforl. Tha Bsankr Or ligland, hoLwever, was a mere itrament of the law. Ee did not think.tat the Bank of ngland s ho be blamea for the coarseirhich it ha pursud during the last few months. They-were. told by. Sir obert.Peel-- that,the. Bank of England was va private bank. He (Wr. Cayley) knew not whether it wa a private or a publio bank, but if it was a- private b nk,^ .ad Its otriistances were such ss they were epresented to be by IW own, dir-ictors,-vxs., areservereductdtcesginethinglikeo90,Og . with deposits exoeedig - 19SO,O00I,000; It was not for the Bank of Enghan _o- throw, stnes at jointstockbanksi. THear,her4 PCheeriss i 1847 *'s atributed to railroads, while forthat of the pre9ent year the joint-stock banks and the commercial classes wepe said to be responsible. The commercial classes -were to)d th%t they ought not to enter .into the adventurei in which they were engagedy 'ut what was trade itself but an advanture? The position in which the commercal, classes were put by our present monetary system might 'well be compared to that bf a party eng4ged in a game of cards- foroed to make up his full number, although balf his -cards had basi arbitrarily talkn *way by some one. Thev were oenlnurally hearing praises in that Httouse of the present yWstem and declamation against paper; but he defied them to act upon it strictly at all times, He wished to call the attention of the--House- to one paragraphintho-Speech from- theTbrone, IntiMalparagraph It Was stated that the distress which existed hd been oocasioned.by the recent faliutes oF-ceittin jolnt-st6ck -baik in E 1ngland and Scotlind, as wela of ceitain large mercantileo firmut chiefly connected w*ith the rmerlcaii tradQ .andthat it bad been aggravate' by,the state of' embarraesment.of -bbtdii large-joint-stock banks. -Now, wba;t.was tie mei&in of that assertion, whicb, to far-as joint.stoclbanks -wre'e concerned, '- was , very serious one.?- - It - -iad- beenstated in another plaoe thit-there were froi 30 to 3o niU-- lionii of- deposits .in the hands-of joint-stock bauks ptAble' eithouY 'at cUl or at exceedingly short notle. lNow? tire -Bpnbf Eigland oould riot eo ail& of that iecep f,per haps,aianueh as they paid no nterest upo dept , -and -hherefore the bans which' did Ypay lnee ti dra* depbeits fioni themi '19e ihould iket i know*, If the- A high ri ot i'te;e*, ihat thiei. would bave beie t^o clieik the tendency of hoiidingi- Why, nothino cold -be snore hg. Iudous toW th-' roe-of a country ai the system b Jioxdinji-and iSbid'lin-thahigh'rat-e- o iintres^'fferid by joint-stock 4ohe *:hd prevented that rs8tnmebdog cit upon. Thiere wA4biusdeftlo6d, to e anot1i'e discsoion uponi theOuxiject, and he would Dot therero i onk tbe pr6enVcO4egingo' into the generil subject, lut could not help expreulig some astonishment that JO commercial. zoenber- of that, House ha zisen -to, 3utf [th. Commercial body t e .in3patatio hi had ben castupon tem. He w&a not,la Iadocate for, eXpansion1u.btat Athe sasse time be thought that threpo8 t system h ted most i hjilriousy, Md that it wag that sysw Fwhich hiad cauied- --the failures and its stute of esoibstaw rnmnt 3n9ntlond in the paragra to*hich he had refer-rd and had' thjerefore been thte trimary and elsie! ca the distress -antd distrust wrhich 'existe. ' The compe! tion 'between the Bank df 3nglaid and the other bitks took place mder certain c lrumstances When told; was plenifvl. the Batk of sEngiidd hd to ake it at ai ertalni jrioe, sad probably got mtaore thb wais of any use t6 it.. 'Weli, theen, If mon were lentWifg, - haned rit count; loi,. 'what was' te - reslt? wherate jot ie rate of discount md imney easy; money reln e y eauua 'an increas -nth tpomstolbbthai1 inerease in th emplo entoflatu d i demand which it creted raised d the wages f thb workingerasses, the asianeeapte. of wameinbred innsumlltaoithhincrease Of conniuf *O PMpl thitvr. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ te mporti 4r antha otacs fin the wayfexprtl p exots *ire Oimllthem, andX Impnots titheas3d Thatl'sen iliuresuith! tbi at tem unde efor in .waso-no wy ofavantausldy Maing money 'heap,ad i ~~~~~~~~~~~~Ei Zotto be supposefdthat theme, rcantUle rneiof tepr sty -Veeiis-lwadtikeorqenteir.Pj,,w 'orlalIen IMtoj whopreceded them, andit waxot t4theintittc.e Onthrthadxitnlrexeaad di.trat were to heathe: , Bef a d hldma t idsgeaot aticntion to theb tr -abe Pe= -, and-, he saw as lerly as is. erhl me, - 'the su. a:ao ay thAt nude -hae pret a lti to look. upon gold as, the 'sSutrat tndard. fhee znt 6.ir c. ommodItIes.-rae tae aisd gldtr onlehon. standard' of valu to, rgoulato tradt as represent; Ingabnr,be.ue ~i ct-o Iarlia"net decred, that s jnany PgAIna ift 'ihocid- bapud serling Bet while he condemned the prkent syste thektewthatlt: was xnaunwlse thing to TAtreUpo the popoal co . remedy.' It, was. too late- to. dogmatize oA this Aoubjct The verlods of, tltres p -hap d so oftn tJsat thsy'- eclhadlyg fai to erunmallld the.ersisty attntlec.we otef the House. The noble lord the memDber fo TIexo Oas ' too, iiaeato way to the notIon-thatelb. afety. of the public nIo the oNumel raw..t other werb others,who ofIX t reenty MirAcmlap , daistreqs pdxrioii lycb jgFae ilted th ble lords Certaubio pereiht w iCh sf - Usofne - lier 'r ev ol mo o strie;AG -ttwhe-tt. h Ii hoe s eriter4s ished-dc.tx of 20ca 0 or even 50li pqr 1 clen to n ho emted: befrathe n oble lor d interfereid Indee," they WoGld ubt ve hlt m Innterifrea ti all Their maim smeeaed to be - -"Perisht coneo,&dUah rttaae f prinoile, were carried ot ot,theBankof .Eugland alne, bt every commercial eetllsmeilzct- ecuty ut 1rtied. -the- t 4;0 hpu.-nuember for Kendal. yu) a . said, when-a peorlod of alu rred4te' 7as' c tho.urrncgandthen threefouzthsotheoculywr .UR ee'dul met sr I mo _sible. 1vt was ;notec of t he d rial els 'but the wor8 of orsteofacurrny wbl* produced thes peilodu c ons.- tkrAZ lass eWe asked todo thatw w t Or. ier atmoephee was -lear they were gel abe to - effect but which tho: momient the horizonwas overcF t ah presur an4 papic oensed was utterly imprac4icable. The Government 'he Athougbt, should h av expressea a little -morte mptbywith,our commercial fform,,wh hid -b went oy at 'w- holesutryh lnd othate ltheir isat customrt. gahller conclAe thgit the roune trye atteti h o on. O tIatH tle thovedght the outy gobe nehigy o sttei8et oE sr e Bunk .ot Indamtsnd aaecisteattl hiws pMrb. tA teob abioptd the head df the Governf 8 -foc tyeuinbe,t in-whujh ls6ha4 $Serent o 8 a3do cun l ofegett tuat -itwavs itfrokea fearful eornvloion. -hioatney roevernentw t the Governmentt hatd ot ioeab teyo ande oaninga o re B of th Endele gt -amost, ancd dieglod jsiDfti poAisedi -btwe t hlabroga:t then Act ofa 14AdnifttAc wthitc, thaougtheImight not be th causle of uep toteevit s comth ad derethen ha setreitouIlyang thevn- itsr severIy Ian ssatmn the Ch therll ight the C3thateincellrnay of d the n inhee gaveamstlcddioi of t hhtea oi8, n diseae;bu whBatentint the rightdhn.grenereean adithed that. alnl mt itothhlseso ISl asetbttheB vorstpvnlo ovaL ana thet eoanse as rgated thelar dor, beFore the argume. ofth noble lord the miember for ljoadon,-who avowad him.- dralned+mtb14tl2 IQQ of'1 last ,anye]'al lovwedmat the remedy by'blic th(ss tcoau th Gswa'uv- theeuU introsiHon ofth Goenmnnt thntknpae cesefully mh t wastpne restrictIon, but -an issu do paper, by lwhicba,onudencewAsresiozedaudtbegodgradualy I,' i ,b%oktothe sBanL old te atonnintr on th hioieuo theor whichUM illatious'nthonan tor j ho6 t the meeilng of ParMlamnth i yekri afterwards an4t peenitsusp d peWhat", Praln, was the remedy I restriem teiot but relaxati7on.IibTnte on 2norerebat10 pe and-t.n =Panon of the Jamueels-resorid6o b en erate tat the' wetter ul oud h ave ptt apy fuch check-.upo the. insue as that of-depriing th oBeom of the ptrade asn 'fiomi the notesi-andi -he isaw. no reiwen for th tpreei. Tofabor to what extraagae arthight h or cauldn 'the Chancellor of the Exc-hequer.quotdtsoiino s ofthe governor of thsBank, a orse O. i that the remeay for paicts was:. o to ontrac. tion of the i.ues, though he s dou while toap ly re d Hhed the coUn would take, this itastherlousconerof t twant merely t troraho ofate th was at st the very cof lar numbers of our fellowtsubjecs was eompromsd by attempting to carr a th based nefaalUcy. Hebeleved that the ony-cecnecet limit the Ionses of the Bankof Eglandwtt thein -should be payable on demand. -Hear, bear.) Mr. nmALINS approved the sep takeby the Goverment in suspndng the Act of 14 and only regretted that it was not -taken earlier. He regretted that' the Governmnent allowe Parliament to separante lst sepin. without arming themselves with power to apply-a remodyto the evils that'were then evidently threaten inth rouni try. He wrned the Chancelor of the Exchoeqbur in February, andl again in May, of -what was coming,! and dicted hs attention to teeceasngreserve-inthe Bank"f, Eugland ; but he failed In arresting his attention, and only met with tre usual answer that the worsthwas over and that no cause-existed for-alarm. Long before the 12th -of November there existed sufficient cause why the Qdvernment should have interfered t and his belief was that, had theIntherpositn of. heoernml lLsiest- not then taken place, the Bnk of England must within to, .or three days .have stoped aymnt.It as aidthe rughthave saved them- In the m ainten cra world what the atppn muste oot riengto Pathealy sun fec would heint e natra vodrado (mear, hear.)bThe Ch ancellor of th0 er Exequer an phao, pose tosusendthe ankChaterActfo 28al trdarsand seMr.usene permanently, anc d the strAongl wbjited gt thlmintienarolnce i, ofha cidmu rate on f itherest dat 1 pe cet.t Pratcld y brtghebefecwoulre that imenof modera nte mroeanwuld has e tom pay fro mo15tol2 pherent., and what farmrs?He hpedthe riht hn.hen memnwud notAY nsit uon 1 pe cet,o the Govenmenrte for spinteeg sithe ounry.(Her,mear.) saigte-utyfo h ditrs with wich i awrac heth qusinwh reate& Ha.t S imothatt coudbsre thtrtorghhtbo.mDbeforePrliamet. rae idrno proese asroe dd, o kowalttheout ad they of hequeston, an was edtiashaey d totsa Heteugt tat rea crditwasdueoftheGovenmwentei fetvrymc indbtedS pohepoer nmenty for mstbeppn ion vortible into gold. -He.dd not approve of all the details of the Bank Act of 1844, but he would admit that in the main it had aocomplished its objelek. It was said that it Ht the candle at both ends because It r0iod the Isue of paperwhoen gold went out of the country. This was an evil, but- the least of two evls. Sup. pose that when the gold- went out the Bank went en notm u It waaquite elr that no alterat In the o ol discount would iake place in this coutry while It wla aid.I vinodig elsewhere, and tbo-drain would goon until *ehad nota novereign left. _(Her.) Some yeraons propdsed to' leave the power of authoring an issue of notes above 14,500,000L to the Government. The hoi. member for' Bendal-no mean authority-would give it to the dietors of the Bank of Rngland. He had a strong diske to leavlnk so m^uch power In the- bands of any men, andit :wculd be, for the- House to oonsider whether some easticty might not be given to the Act so as tob mae it self acting. It was great evil that inoney shouldbae toocheap, a well as too dear. A few years ao disomouts xWp, at 2 per oent. gow 5 per oent, was abou a mediu*n rate, aud it might be worthy of consiieration whether, intead of leaving the relaxation with the Government or the Bank of England, the Iasues of 14,50,00h-. should not be teduoed when disoeunts-came-below-5 pir ernt., and increased-when tho rate of discount rose above - that amount. , He thought that ParliAment ought not to allow thiia oppot. tunity to pass without making hauk of ngland ioAtee a legal tender ii otland and Ireland., (Cheers-m It-was a' great. evil to see gold leaiUg LoDdon for waant of 4hoh s proision, on -t foolsh erraud of preventing a xuztupun the Scotch andIrlsh bar T. 'here ought to le onirene bank of issue, and the BasnVoE Englznd nightsa well hve that privllgcp as- anyot1ieV bank, under pzoper regulaos - The irectors of the BIank of England ought to be paid for the trouble they hicur',djin -transacting the Clpveriment business; but the 6ntii'profit arit otcf the notecia- Ien'cpght to go toreduee6 the 'hxatlouol the soutryb and ihould notheeujoyed'as;a iudu4bolybayubody o(meu.i 'wgin tsel Unitea- ~ttes tw6 vr ,ago ;endi ,,, ~ ~~~ IE ,' tt = h K aid becomerfied'!a> hall"Uadi ", deatifwahIM haad goSe from- 4l 66unjtrj.l The "sAm# aoirtwm 6 of rail. 'I rads ad g&2A iii Iii id ft WSW tbis a d Of -4pltel' fISezW thant i w*s--ssdo wiloli had to, eat .extent 4aued 'th, re.pXeId In tl*1cng rtrlmtilngs -ldld 6ome r6und,)bat-jV j : dity Of r*rusat as farieswossible 4o reinedyth6 4i'ad pro*& qlist its iecumrence. (Hear ), - ' -h e-r;- , Mr. R. t:, PHILIPS ed"tlsai", 6Ji uh this quehtiou it would be weUll. ok a4 i11noe whthe -ars 'with. Riaeii and WIi haik.d .ei . c ic po?; tsry aid tom al4ffairs '(Uear,kelij) . In adition' t the lbeiring of ibese. wara ,nbonZe# - ciil deraxgemnt miht heainCly traced to the condito of - ilnlaulcs~n "ir;a, i Glua , .an,'ib. eourse purud by i6 grea cuwlilac bo i ousu k in ,'ou HEtendered his grateful tlhas to ihe lahk of England for ibs curse yhiolhey h peraned I- l a Ia the rate of dicount a year a d.sbIf -igo,'an& hebelieveidtha if they had bien allow -&ntjnuen ttonuathe sffeing of wrhiche ,o9mblint.waa io. ma'e hayo b.ee p atly dirin-lsed TbeeductoE..tb Bi direcorr,is In1837 , fleted bpp t, 'seitrsst io te .oniduct of ' ie~ank 'Wlni31S44wlextserateConfe 'was i not nase iintlLthe l1ont>'4jn'. a ede: 'w'hioh involved the s 6of te jso t difficulty. Thei hd2ht Ximuttwco ofoeribanks in ad one .inSnlto dame to thee 'who wer eee}ing.air honet 'liluliliocd in'te i4same lhieofbuebeea&.iH4amear.. ;ez -ekr,ttMtoaeeae. 'Glasgow r,uereiats" 'armee: -,aibojed- hthaSlt b,ocIekvul;iaW lao ythion in wl~ic to 4thsaeceedggs.(Hear, as.Ast et gavealresiimiektuto Wpe4uilatlolsinprcdnce, His o opinwaathirethat'reief had been wIthhed there roula-:'area *grre fal llk, oo1alUd'eot1oeW a and thwe prdent miactueswo b;id forueen evet'wrould i-hv eikat full f f. th uwnce,rtaint, andx scol st tet ll'*lhetr 'they were to'have higheror'lowerpehe.H Bealhe thfexe.remrksfrom anly intasbatS ,quite sure thatth XGavernimentIsd do'rni hatg ey4 heught , WitU regard toti* 9OmUlcal diikes cbe os onetyto,pee 4 satao nirnye conwihdalways to ses thejworklng classid in sbveegn, teibith e eVerJ one .of kisern. (Cheers) . III l8lthe privt.e bank at nchester d wanteto suetheir o at a. Dmeeig of the inerch-ant~ a reMsoltin Was gj to'ea return aich aotesdaily. 'fTli~s6n~equea~ce wa the notes tere not iaueL . The bhanaers tereannoyed with them e a Ahe time,, but sut queAlyt 1 b82 they- ofessar they could. nothav, ato the treure of hitheayr if ther had had ti meet It 1e of lcah otes ina laredistrit. c The cobnmercil mon- o- Glsgoia should have' knoWn that a similar course 'war soessary inithe interest o£ mintainIng the honour and digr,itof tse'BdXritxerchiit. (Obseers Mlr. NlWDEG4TESishe o'4not- con:deinn the act oft t4e Government, ; bjpreventing an 'unnatur a depre. slon I the price of ,tioi. thesad not eknt mustiAqe to 4hcck the production of that ztaple: article i .h Bpank of hRIa desnd ceditfor thie maneef ia 'which they bad mEna dh6 reserved crediten 'cpital was i epormousmuses-henit notwas uncot Mon to hbar of indlviduas lawo ooultoom snud OO,OWa ec.dOO, .DO.- when there! were firmz,: Aike t:hat o the Eot-hilds' wit O,9$O.0001.- undertheir ontrol for the parpoe of affeting the t exchan,fes. Wit was esential. toal t tLeredsloul NWO the aomo4 ' of 'theG ernmeent- ndf lanid mlportedb t' iOn inAny" y meae 7 ag of 14s constit.uents, he hsu aly'thanked'the Governuaent. The Go'vernfent were now iu'.a uoeitfon greatly to amend theActof 1844,f their n'-A i s-uot to abolih it.. Means miht be taken, by an understanding withthe.BankAf, Elaud, to prevent the rAte'of interest dencrgbelows per cent, fortiras tht sinking ihich im a~g~t'Iescre fos dtle"sprt' of!t,iatlon:gingt ~wbicheveryboneJ ws a.owrgdecliming.:X.owr that rapitul wa gatheredj together in sucxh larg ase,if the jBank ments were btotaUyMed-islh,ldied,he h ed i iimpeaste under the present 7mixed uyitessof ciction.- one or two great capitallasta would have the' abso. Inte command ef.th crrency of. - the country Some 'principle of easticty ought io be introduee Into - the Act,' wh h° wold preveWnt the nsessity of- suck Infra4tiobs o telwa 'alaet a loi met' to condone.-It uei Uly was tlheom that thelaIW ahoul& h_min_ a cfatate asioequlrethesnanthorined and extraneoTs interierenoe of,the Goverument rith the aurrenoy in uch4a manner ars at the mostiettical perio,d altered the ise d mon,ey and the value 6fevery man's propertyand r.~ iveUCH A sIad 'e Whouda not have intruded 'himself inSoa currecy debate, exoept for-the purpose of setting rligit 'evealhon." memer, andpariculaly the sioble lordihe ixcuiber forth. clty.ot London, in thesves on eommeril matters which they ha attributed to his cO6titUieiU at Glasgow. ' i'$hehea oe of the deliito of Frida)' many opiAions' hAd ben axttributd to heonstli '*d'ents 'which thej.&iid -iioc he,old, andt hih the had i4errex~ie d r_ 'heChamber of ;ommerce oFagowv 'wa on o 'ts"ldet-bodis'o .h .ld. In .exlatnc. I been fojiisedat the' aeiggtetlOnf, A do n" 'te and linthe'couise"ofltls*ewin~eit hd placed on tocdrd4aeries ef" nd,"dellberat opnions 'on.all th e o omerca qneitions'oftbe day. XOnt'od.the. irt prsciples which it had.. avocated wag th convertity. of the bnk.note. Injuiouts than the overtoe of %sperlnoney, and it had alo argued that papeS noney ing ernible t goldlt, alegeOer possible that it could be over. glnd i,was altogete wd.(L 'It *had. alays very carefullY drawn .* distinction between capital and currency-a distinction, by the way, which ad. .been tlihtly lost sight of i the debate of Friday, an ilso in, to-nights debate. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Act of 184, he w of opinion that so far an it insurad the convertibilty of notoh, and prevented the over-Iase of paper money, it had been highly advantageous; but, undoubtedly, when a panic camoe the Acthad the effect of greatly aggravating it. (E6ar.) Men lookedat the band of the dial, thi3ysawthat thec&hstrophe ras coming, each ma prepared hImself to meet it as bes he couldbygatheringtogetherhisreeo-oroereditandconfidence weredestroyed, Mndvery mnchbytheaotlonoftbeAct.(Ejear.) He was ready to admit that th6 animgbment of the banrs "hich had failed In (iagowbad b ee oatdinoly defective, and even imprudent Inthe hi1hestdegree -anfi hebhould have the honour of a 6a in th,it House wen the sysem of Scotch banidng camne to be revisedand amended -he should have much pleamse in gi,iig his voloe and asistance to many ImportAnt chasges-iwolt respecttIwhlcb'he shonld wish to see carried into opeatlon." He agreed .that many alteratlons in that' sytem were: required eepecially as regarded the practioe of bauks, loaning on their own' stock, the affording of ezn"esf acconmmodation to individuals who were not worthy of it; aia the habit of keeping very nall reserves at the credit bf 'their London binkert.' (Hear, hear.) He mnst say that he did not feel at ll anhamned at having taken part in the meeting which had been, hld in 'Glasgow for the purpote of restoring confidence' ana check. ing tha anic to which the stoppoge of the Western Bank had given 'ise.- The gentlbmen who attended that nmetinD were in no .way conneed with the Westem Ban:, and teir only ebject in massebling s they had done was to put an end to the then existing pauic. He Was Annous to see tbatintditutionreetabhished, onthe ground, mainly,.of Ibs beli!' the depositoryof a great amount of family money and of faiuly settlements npon whieli many widows an oa and it had occurred to him; seeing that the partners in tat bank were men of undoubted wealthb andthat s baers ty had recved so aevere a kon taa ifo.t'ne bank could ain have been restored'to pubh c den~ A. great act er hum ant, re sulting lninestimiblo'blesgAgs to many persefs. would have thereby been accomplised (Hear, hear.) Upon these rouds alonelkwas'thathe pro edtorestoretheWest Sonk, and not becsasehehsd any sympathy with recklems traders or was desirou to suppor tho -who -by their conduct had tended 'to de y public credit." With respect to the -geera!- qestion under diLswion he bereved thathe Bank Act f 1844and 145 wereextremely usul measues o regulationof the currency. It was undoubtedly a matter of treat importanoe to ensure the converilbillt of the' b'nknote i'but lhe believed that the process occaonally Inflicted gret uffering upon the mercatile cLasses. Tho ave -profits of trade could not be supposed to be so high as thiepresent rate of -interest, and if a constant change in the 'rate of interest wer to be re. garded as the nor condition o our ommere itwould be necesq to review the bas of, all:the imbortant,institn. tions of the'eountry- He- was'of opincw si that mene oal liatives might be proposed wrhich w.ould have the effiect of warding ocithes ruin wfiich waLs-i n-owt of reeqonent -oc-uorea,and ono of hese w Xbout to be proposd, he belleved,by the right. hon. memnber for Buokldngbadmse He certainl thoughit th at it eoliould he lai beepcwre f the'B&nkdiretors to rela the stringent Popration Of 'the Bank Act when they 'saw oocadIon fOr vuch a step. lie-preferred that the diretors should kave this power'Mber than it should be exercisod by. the Govereimen - bgteAbhe Basik dlrec tors*ete- In .cotat esi usatn wih the merchants, they knew cto &uiflgu 1tel ~te nwwa was going o th conmen 'wotia,aial belhevd th ae to them 'might be sAfeljr oonDded%heIp&wetrqelLxng, as occasion ight requie,eatisint operation of the Aot (Hea, hear.) vr.eXIBkwaa gla'to' Ivethat every ono ho had swoken upotlui subjeeti sed that the banknote hould always be pable In god 'athat the Act of 1844 -having bii ee w roe oul olonger be mdnin e (Hear.) EheconveirbMty, of the ote, mu he remem. bqedt Wa siot-depenldest upon e Att of 1844I but upon the Act of 1819. The intr gonof theAct of l8I4hadnot in any wayadded to the conveftibilty of thme note; and when i wasproposed to oonfer uthBankiirectorsthe power of reaxing the opoeation of hAt Aot wrhenver they thought .eCessary, it appeared tQ him tha it would be yy mucbh better to abandon the lw at oree. (Hear, lh r.) He -(Mi. Kiirk contended that the Act of 1844 'was founded on two f,al%cis.. In tho first' place it was intenadd to.stop o aves lationi-__ tieIMnd undue obh'cot w hlch ith a inilgW. iled to accoraplph ; b eanse it was under the oration of that v ery Act that all'the undue sieculation :and dvertrading o krwch the present p=aic ws tobe attrl. huted ha occurred. he other Macy was the tpposltion th. but for some such Act'ai &ht bf 1844 there 'would be an over-issue of bankiotes' Ihi t thtt was a fallacy was proved 'by reference to Ireland. In thit coinitry there was a, perfect -:freedoI of. tr with req e_o'tlie Lie of banknotes, the :dylin it beingf that noI shopd ?e shude i or Sns under 1k cc-or anroay fractions Vof a pound.' Wag timbhre threor, |hover an o 'iee,or o,tesir. Ireland 'Q u thite thoe on. ;tra,r yf1 >t'wA ,,lOM Ivcpodbt for nn btitiUutha $ -~~~~~~~~~~~~en
TO THE EDITOB OF THE WIMZt (BY XLECTRIC AND MlUTEBAIONAL GRAPH.) Sir,--On Fziday night I quoted Mr. QhApmau as having stated in subtanoe "We wonI' touch any redisounted paper." I was wrong; I should have said "redrawn bills." I am sorry for the mistake, which must have surprised Mr. Chapman, if not givet him pan. I am. Sir- J. W. lEiEY. Weymouth, Dec. ?.
RoYA CorcGz oP SuBQEONS.-The following gentlemen haning undergone the neoeuary ex-minations for the diploma were admitted maembers of the college at the meeting of the Courtof Examinerson the 4h Inst .-BeOsM Vincent Morton Cooper, Bow.road; William liot Bower, Xantwich, Cheihire; Charles Robert Pleury, Pamap, county Waterford; John Simpson Howard, Madrs ; James Acworth Angu Newcastle; Williah Eiman, Army; Charles HenrlJet, A-my; John Helmse Chesterfielll John Wteod Yemberson, Hon. Eat India Company's Ser vice; William Slocombe Cranger, Bradford, Yeovi, Somer. set; Alexander licherdCrouener, Shadwell; JohnFullaston Iand, Patrington, near Hull; and G*qrge John Everyim Cork. At th6- same ineetin of tbe Codur mr. EdwZ4 3igOp Evan of Plymouth o4pia, ~ his exainld tio7n for na smurgeon ; this entlemand preosly b admitted a member of tiecollege, his diplora bearakg date January 23, 185L .
LONDON, TURDAY, DKCB3EZJR 8, S.X7. Their Lordships met at 5 o'clock, when Earl Sr. GExarAxS, as Lord Steward of the Iousehold, read Elm MAj=sry's gracious Answer to the Addrems of their Lordships Ia reply to the *eech from the Throne. E:arl GnAwviuz begged to correct an error into which the Earl of DEBy fell on Thursday, when his Lordship rpoke of Major-General HxA.BSny having been reprimanded by the Govmwon-GLw-AL for promoting a Sepoy for distinguished conduct in aiding the General in 4uppreming a mutiny without firt consulting the authorities at Ccutta, and obtaining their approvalofsuchpromotlon. The fact was simply that Lord CkAiinG had communicated to General fixEszy that it was against existing regulations for any officer to promote a Sepoy with. out first consulting the authorities at Calcutta, but, so far from his having given General HEis any reprimand, he even confirmed the promotion. In reference also to the accusation that the Government had taken no step to disabuse the minds of the Sepoys of the notion that they intended to interfere with their religion, it was quite without foundation, as the authorities in India lost no time in iuuing a proclamation on the subject, recalling the greased cartridges, and giving the natives permision to use - their own ammunition. The Earl of DzRBy contended that if the Govnuxon-Om;Rss., without inquiry into tb,e facto of the cmse, tolc an officer withouit furthet,comment that *13 had done that whch he ought not to ha'vo done, iswa* some:thing so like a reprimand that any offcer ;in HnuTM&ESSy' svice woudso rO ecelve it. Hisb Lordsip also generally repeated the ciharge of the want-of energy shown by the Government in not issuing their proclamation sooner. Earl GP.ANvnu believed that the noble Earl had been misled, and intimated that public men should be more cautious about receiving information on whichthey afterwards founded grave charges against other public functionaries engaged in the discharge of most arduous duties. His Lordship also twitted the Earl of DERBY on the similarity, not only of the arguments, but even of the jokes used by the noble Earl and his colleague in Opposition in another placo. After some further discussion, The Duke of ARGYLL pointed out the inaccuracy of other statements of the Earl of DniBy relating to the refusal of the Government to availthemselves of the repeated offers of the Peninsular and Oriental Company to take out troops overland to India, which offers had not been taken advantage of by the Board of Control. Since that atatement of the noble Earl had appeared, he (the Duke of AR!GYLL) had received a letter from one of the directors :of ltih Peninsular and (Orienutl:Oompepny, in which i-vas distinctly stated itat at the time referred to by the noble Earl no 'auch tender for the conveOyAnc oL*roops had been ma~e by the ompaay Io,the i.Thearl of D ruitvat.hs d I iied thbAt the frAc*laa I" ethwd nwas p,blied iii the Fenin aula* and Oiental Qo lny'i root to Tho abiect RD thp e. a- - oe ,M.e LOBD C *z..on red a,B hee!fomn nm Ma, annoC. her g i to confer a pension of 1,OOOl. &year Upcn 3ajor. OenerelH-Avni,t * hichon ecofo Lordf (hAirmLV wras ordered to be tsk.9a Into eceAldsratio day. The-Ea of EuLT.moo7G ; in movng ffor S Copy of tU Arms Act lately paed by the i tire Cocil of indi, alsosretun of all <M n=tie Aid-lEurpean Tndian newpo.pe and for,copies of aiett of warning addremed to the oditors of any isch. aakl, dthe Au Act, 4 a b,under. stood ita ' dple,recnt;lyatte.pted to'be intwduoed into India, of placing Erppui ahd astifes on theism footing; of equyall disrming bot,, when our poston in India at thi moet was like that of the Norman, in axon ElndL W4 must be armed in order to protect ouilsl, or, at les at times' be in a pos1tion to s the appearan of anarmedmilitia. HisLrS ip theit after, showing. the vat difereneo which xtea between the oftheiD coutry and the Xqr6pua pressof In_ad the necesity which drove the attetQcadvocate-ther It esta of the gover-mg 1, FsAaS tEhe provWoux of the Iaw -re. atricting both. UJpon the Euroen portions of- Idian journalim he eonsided it to -be in a high deer. severe and rekictire. Its penalties weore excesive, ad he thought that the Government would lave ictde more wiely in establishing a cenaorsl1 which Wlould hare Prevented the appeance of Any objee. tioliable aticles, rathet than in devising pumish. ments which oould not or ought not to be carried into effect when the mischI was done. The edfect of the measur., if fully casrr ou4 iWou2d be to derie the Englih pubic of the Indianewp; and, what Ws more to the purpone, prevent the Europns in India from lmno6wig what we thought of t he. i.Lordhi:p, in conci0o4-wIhl condemnm.g in the strongest terms the Sopo atro. cX-itie and the necessity for piublic vengeance vo the peertotwof those diabolical acts, sai ffu4~ or tihe other hand nothing shiould be neglecte which couldacoure tous the confidence of thie satives in lIndia. Lord Gswrvix could not for a moment agree wMt the nofton that 'we should keep sucha, peoition in Indi as In thi country the Normans once held to the SAon. Neither could he sge wit the noble Eair that the Anms Act waa a grievance to Enropeavs since the law ximply required, the Englabman to come forward and give notice to tha magistrate of the arms hewanted to keel or cay, to enable him to do so legally. He vindcated the operation of the law rnetic'nc the ldia .preo from the censure which had been cast upon it, ard xtated that it Was only owlng o that lair having been impatly enforced that Lord 0A?<zc anad bi admintitratiox of. the ffalirs of Indi had been so recklesly sttacked. Up to three weeks before that law cam8 into opetion there was srcely a European in India wlho did not coincide with Lord CANxG andi sympathaze with him. He quite agreed with the noble Eal1 that no effort shoud be xsp tc ecure the confidence of . the natlves, and he was sure that when history should 'pronounce its verdict uponx theso tanactions in India its high euloglum *ould be passed upon Lord Ca?Ga for having se the pressure to put the Europeans and natives upon a different footing, a mesauro which would lead the whole ma. of its population to regard the Government as a partisan and a violent hater of their race. Lord GPr cord1ially agreed with the impartia policy of the Arms Act,which he ntimated had been resorted to from sheer necesity, and to prevent a trade which might, and there was no doubt Would, have bsen carried on between the nAtives and some bad Europeans, had the latter been allowed to poes uamS to My extent. It was a paramount necesity that the Government should be sl conducted M to secure the confidence of the natives in India, for the days of our empire there would be numbered if ever its vast population. .abould inow that our rule was inconistent with,their interests.- Afe*r,f6w.wordzfrom. the Lord MA1XxrMj , who defended generally the remarks made b L ELLiNBorOUGr, The Marquis of CLAN&nrARDz expressed his approval both of the Arms Act and the restrictions on the Indian pres. The free sale of arms to all persons and a free press were totally incompatible with carring on properly a civil war of such magni. tude as that wn Indiax The Duke of AxGar deprecated further debste upon the subject at thepresent time, and made an eloquent defenoe of Lord CANING, whoee leniency bad more tended to check the spread of mutiny than the most severe sentence had done at the outset. After a few further observations from Lord DErnY with reference to Lord GRAxvargs statement In the early part of the evening, Their Lordships adjourned. In the Houe of Commonr, in reply to Mr. Mi. Mirqs, Lord PxRSvow made a xtatement regarding the two engineers taken on board the steamer Cagliar, somewhat modifying that which he had de on Iriday. He was sorry to ay that by accounts he had reoDived on Sunday from the acting British Consul it appeared, although the engineers had not been subjected to actual torture, they had been confined in a dark, damp, gloomy cell; that they had complained of their food; ani one of them, in a fit of despondency, had made an attempt upon his life. lTera had been also an endeavour to falsifythe evidenceagainstthem. There was nothing in their preeent treatment, he said, materially to complain of, but the Government were expecting further accounts. Lord PALTORms brought down a meGsage from Hm MlrrY, recommending the House to enable HEa .A&=Y to confer upon General H.VEzLocx, s a mark of her approbation, a pension of 1,0001. per annum for his life. Upon the motion of the noble Lord, EIm x&. ranr's most gracious Memage was ordered, to be taken Into onAideration this day. On the order for the second reading of te Bank Isues Indemnity BiU Mr. Gr&sTohz objected to the wordlng of the first clause, which, he said, indemnified the Bank for acts of which Parliament knew nothing. lBe like. wise asked for explanations respecting the profits on the isues already made-whether they were to go to the Bank of England or to the Government; how they were to be computed-whether they were to be profits of the issues or of the discounts; and, lastly, whether the profits -were to be alculated on tho amount of the issues made to the issue deprtment of the Bank, or on that portion only -whicIt would go to the public ? Sir H. WntOUGuBY hoped that before the Bill went through the committee some explanatiorL would be given as to the necemity for supending the law, and how the pressure came upon th,e Bank of England; whether there had been any unfinx action, by combination.or conspiracy, upon the currency of the ompire. - Mr. CAYMLrx entered at oonsiderhble len4tb, ancl somewhat difluiaively, 'into'a general critici1m upon the monetary system of the country and that of the oint-stock banks, and their operation upon the aome and foreign trade. Ile &,ndemned -the exhting sytem as Impracticable without periodical collapses. Mr. COxnnHA" regretted that the Government had not gone further, and declared their intention to abrogate the law of 1844, whicb, although not the cause of the recent commercial panic, in his opinion had seriously aggravated its Seyerity. It attempted to cary out a theory baed upon a fallacy. Mr. MALs cordially approved the BMil; he only regretted that the interference of the Government had not been much eurlier, and that they had not armed themselves before the clobe of the late wseion with the power to take saeasures. for the relief of the then approaching stringncy., lr. CnoSSLEY thought that credit wa due to the Government for their interference without pressure. The Act of 1844, in his opinion, had fulfilled its maiin objects; but he Xuggesgte thltaKaeel , acting nachinery might be devise)t aome se*lf. webrits operition oould beadaipted to the tions ilu the1 'v-alue of mnoney. P~ ~ OI12ne11d~ th Ooud tf e
The inteigeneo received last night at the Yoreign-offlce from the seat of hostilities in British Zndia may be summed up in a few words. The beleaguered garrison of Lucknow was still holding -out. Two convoys of provisons had been conducted safely to that place. SirCow CAMPsBL himselfhad left Calcutta in order to preside over the operations in person, and all the available British troops were being moved up with all possible despatch. This intelligence covers the state of facts until ithe end of October, and doubtless in speculating -on the event we are treatin, of a foregone con-elusion. Before this despatch had reached us Luckknow had either fallen, or it had been relieved& It was not in the nature of thing that -the siege should be protracted indefinitely, am was -4he case with that of Delhi. In this insbance We -are dealing with known forces. Could the -defenader of Lucknow but hold out for a few weeks after the date of the despatch there -would be on the ground a European force which, -mdded to the strength of the beleaguered garrison, - would be amply sufficient to deal with the rebels -on fair fighting ground. The point is one upon which any man may form his opinion, for there is no concealment of facts, nor any mystery about --their import Three thousand desperate and disciplined British troops are, or were, fighting for their lives in the midst of a native army by all accounts some 30,000 or 40,000 -atrong. The advantage of position was on the side -of the Brizh, for, althoughthe worls and buildings they oocupied would have presented no very insur-mountable difficulties to a besieging arrsy of Europeans, it is well-nigh superfluous to say -that when the besiegers are Asiatics-even diseiplined Asiatics-the case is widely different. In the - despatch we have received it is mentioned that -according to general report the Indians had -with them some 300 guns. This number is no doubt greatly exaggerated. Considerable allow-ance, too, must be made for " telegraph-guns" and other implements of the like kind, which, however formidable in appearance, would not in all probability add materially to the difficulties of the besieged force. Still, when all due deductions are made, it is very likely that the rebels had with them a very numerous and powerful artillery. The fact being so, we can afford to look it boldly in the face, for it is not within our ex.perience that an Indian force, unguided by Europeans and unassisted by European combatants, could manage to carry such a business as the storm of Delhi to a successful issue. Now, there can be no reason to doubt that the -esistance offered by our countrymen in Lulknow -will ha-re been as cesperate as any recorded in the military annals of any nation. Not only in their -case can we depend upon the inherent courage of Englishmen and upon the -warlike ability of their chief, but we know that there is not a man among -them who is not fully awara that the option is between defence to the last and death in the most -cruel form at the hands of the rebels if they are -conquered. On the whole, there seems little reason to doubt 4hat if their provisions hold out the garrison of Iucknow will be able to maintain their position until the arrival of relief. There was no complaint of any want of arms, ammunition, or any of the matiel of war. The question was -simply one of food. We cannot, unfortumately, add one word of explauation to the irief announcement of the telegraph, that two -onvoys of provisions had reached the town in safety. It would only seem probable that had these convoys been inconsiderable or unimportant the intelligence of their arrival would not have been transmitted from the other side of the globe. But if they be of sufficient magnitude, as seems probable, to have afforded substantial relief to the besieged, it follows that they cannot be so straitened ,by the hostile leaguer as to render their resistance 'at all a hopeless one. The last days of a besieged garrison can scarcely have arrived when two heavy -convoys are safely passed through the besieging force. We may add to these ascertained facts -And to this reasoning upon ascertained facts that time was working heavily in favour of the besieged and to the prejudice of th. be- -ziegers. The desperate character of the ')nltiny-and the convietion of its ultiraite asitspeedy failure must have occun-eed very forcibly to the minds of the great bulk of the mutineers. Delhi had fallen, and they knew it; -indeed, many of them must have been refugees from the captured city. They knew, too, ihat the masses of mutineers in their. flht, wherever they had been encountered by the avenging forces of the British, had been scattered to the winds, and that such of them as hiad escaped had only found their safety in a race for life. They knew, too, that Britixh troops by hundreds and by thousands had arrived and were wrriving in Calcutta, and were on their way to the ground before Lucknow. They know, finaly, that if a day should ever come when they were to meet the relieving force in the open field they had but little mercy to expect from the troops who had 'come expresly to exact a dire retribution for the past. The country behind them was open for Ilight, and the thunder-cloud was gathering in their front. We cannot, of course, Inow. iWhat is the nature of the authority` tos- 'hlch theyy Ave. submitted themselves, but it can arci et have had ;time to consolidate itelf sufe.- ciently to keep together huge maes of men ho inuiit beforei all 'thingx bie e'nsedi each n personX,p l 02i1 ety. 'Itisdne Thi.ng to maintiul a,,t,horiy 'ill a besiege&tow4 as*tDelhi, ad quite anotter to'enforce obedienice. in the opon field where the roads for escape are. open on iil sides Nave one. We have the further gratifieatiogr of knowing that the commuiications 'were -entirely free from Calcutta to Cawnpore, and 'from Cawnpore to within three miles of Luckmolr. Along these open roads the. British Werq advancing when the desatch was transmitted. It is diMcult to announce with precision the number of trcops actually landed at Calcutta since the. Sfirt reinforcements, but, asumiDng that all the ships mentioned In the despatch as "spoken with" had arrivea, we may reckon upon additions of 3,000 or 4,000 more to the British troops actually in band. It remains only to add that the telegraph brings a report which we most earnesty trust is unfounded,-to the effect that General OxRx. Wad been wounded in action with the enemy.
.;That thle ..ovEs roiusir and . ouncil of Ilndia, shotadhave incurredthi hptitif.he3i settlers and of a great part of tha ofiial world in certainly much to be deplored. Where a few thousand men are to hold their own over milions unanimity and good feeling among themselves are indispensable. The public hive consequently seen with extreme regret that between the Government at Calcutta. and the British population, which should be naturally its chief support, there ba arisen an animosity which neither danger nor a common feelingof patriotismeemBsabletoallay. Thefact 's the more r-emarkable and the more lamentable, since never in the history of the country was the home Government more willingly and earnestly supported by men of all shade, of opinion. Hlere the Legiulature, the pres, thie great corporations of the country, and the publlc, as a body, have been ready to intrust the Government with almost unlimited power. Every speech at a meeting or banquet, every article in a newspaper or review, has added strength to the Quxaes MiniBters by xhowing the unanimity of the nation and its resolution to crush and punish the treacherous revolt of the Sepoys. All this time the Ehglish of Calcutta have been almost inclined to imitate the example of the native soldiery, and to rise againat a Government which they consider to have treated them with wrong and contumiely.: This difference between opinion at home and opinion on the spot has, no doubt, been partly the result of the roceedings of the Council, but it is also perhape inevitable from the circumstances of India 'and the position which a commuinity of the dominant race hold with respect to the Goveruniient and to the mwses of Aiatlcs whose affairs it administers. The two measures which have oalled down such obloquy on Lord CANr=G were the subject of a debate in the House of Lords last evening. Lord ELzxBonouGH moved fora copy of the Arms Act lately passed by the Legislative Council of India; also for a return of all licensed native and European newspapers, and for copies of all letters of warning addresed to the editors of any such newspapers. As Lord ELLZNBoRouTG in the course of his speech admitted the neesity of almost every act of the Government, and as his censure dwindled gradually down until at last it became a mere expression of opinlon that what had been done was not done in the moet judicious manner, there was really little left for Iord GiRANVI to answer. But the subject is of such importarce, and involves questions so much affecting the permanent government - of India, that; we cannot join, with Lord Gxux in. regretting that -it has r been thus brought before the country. The question of the Arms Act is easily disposed of. In this case we must conclude, with the majority of the speakers, that no hardship was suffered by the European body In India. The Arms Act was passed at a time when it was uncertain whether 24 hours would elapse without a general rising of the population of certain districts, supposed' to be disaffected.' It enacted that every person should send in an inventory of the arms in his poSSession. Those thought trustworthy would receive the permission of the Government to retain them. Now, this enactment would evidently prevent no one British settler from keeping his weapons. It was only necesary to comply with the law by sending in the statement, and there could be no doubt that the authorities would gladly see arms in the hands of every Englishman throughout the country. But the alleged grievance was that the English were placed in the same rank as the natives. The law had been passed to prevent the latter from posessing weapons, and no special exception had been made for persons of European blood. Hence the indignation and complaints of Calcutta. Now, the question how far the European and the Asiatic shall be equal before the law, subject to the same code, and amenable to the same tribunals, is a large one, and we have no desire to discuss it now. Whether Europeans generally should not be excepted from any permanent Arms Act is a subject which the Legislature may well consider. But in this case it certainly seems that they had no just cause of grievance. The Govermment might be supposed unwilling to alarm the suceptibilities of the millions who still held to their allegiance by making at such a moment any marked difference betwecn them and the English who were scattered among them. It is the true policy in times of danger to embody strong measures in gentle forms ; and to pas an Act for disarming the people, making it nominally applicable to every one, but really enforcing it only on the natives, seems certainy as sensible a proceeding as could be expected from a Government. It shows more irritability thau good sense in the Europeans to makle so much of what was not an injury, and could not be intended as an insult. The Act for the Restriction of the Press was undoubtedly a more serious matter. It was suddenly proposed by the Govzunox-GaRXuR& and pamsed within a few hours. By its provisions any one who kept a printing press without license might be fined 5001., and imprisoned for two years. Newspapem -might be " warned" or suppressed- for containing articles- obnoxions to the Goversnent,wwhether they weor original or extracts. Any ngl;Ah ne)wsp4per right be prohibited in India, and any person introducing a copy of such a paperafterprohibitionwas liable to a fineof 5001., or two years', imprisonment. This Act, which seems to have taken the community by surprise, was at once followed by an outbreak of animosity on the part of the press. It is asserted that up to the sudden introduction and passing of the Act there had been no illfeeling against Lord CANxiNG; that, on the contrary, every one had been inclined to augur well of his career from his general demeanour, his great industry, and his aptitude for business. There can be little doubt that this feeling would have continued to animate the press, and that the Government at Calcutta would have received the satne thorough support which has strengthened the Ministry at home. It malst be allowed that, to threaten men who had given no offence with two years! imprisonment in an Indian gaol, merely becanse they might possibly say something imprudeni during the struggle, was hardly the way to oonciliat the goodwill-of a elass from whom, after aU".,bte public at home. kaia most of what it kzM1% Qf Iot L The number of2 English newspapers is not #X large tut 'th,t the iri4es and iutextious of: the- GO,er3m;ent gt ha.be.,i cow ,ie to their conduotor, and then the Act regultingthe press would have been aequiesced in as a- necessity duing. a tie of danger. The iea sure was eviaently inteided to , xuppre3s the sedition .of the native, and to guard against any imprudence of the English papersx In conformity with its legilation on the kms question, the Council had determined to make: no dstinction between the English and the nativ'e'p' and'the determination appears to us to have been juatified. The mistake was not inthe act, bat in the manner in which it was effected. That at a time of 4uch awful peril it might be right for a-Govertment to, inspect the intelligence an4'the comments -which were sent abrosd among- a alf-barbarous populationean hardlybe denied. A too sumary courge of proceeding has unfortunately made this interference more odious than it need have been. However, recrimination and abuse 'ar not worthy of men who have a; country to erve and a great difficulty to surmount. The ictict!ons oni the lnJ a presand,tiae regbstra?tio of,, , isl arms were not-intendae&Va bIowga'bat,s frea-di& cumion or'themtursalipiorwoft8eEng a. ' The liberty of printing and publ hlg in now too firmly secured to be overthrown for more than a short period even in a country of, purely 'official government like india. Our Aiatic e -pire -and its affairs aust be for the next jear; or two the chief, subjeet, of national. - concern,' and I in the ' 'k of discusing them, the pre be irst in activity and a succs. Nor need the Europeans fear that any Iegition' will place them on aa equality with the hiidoo.: Laws may provide- that before Courts their eSvidence sha ' be equally received, S-r and that each shall be equally proteed from violence or injustlce on the -part of' theother; but the difference of race and culture will make itself felt, and the Englighmau will. always be the- ruler and the native the governed throughout the Eastern world. We trUst, then, that the bitternies caused by the supposed hirshness of the Government will pas away, and that all clase of our countrymen will dote tthefre energies to the recovery and maintenance of our. just authority.
The debates in the House of Commons fairly represent the state of public opinion on' the. currency question. The special enactnents of 1844 have their supporters and their opponents, but one great principle has been firmly establishqd, in the admission of all parties that the bank-note ought to be convertible into gold. The members for Glasgow have wisely abstained from urging on an unsympathizing audience the doctrines which 'they lately deduced from the practice and consequent necemities of the Western Bank. In truth, the collapse of that disreputable establishment and the scandalous efforts which have since been made to conceal the ruinous state of Its affairs have 'done much to clear up tho doubts which prevailed as to the expediency of maintaining a convertible currency. The advocates of the policy of 1844 were sometimes baffled by the confident appeal of Scotch patriots to t'he prosperity of their national system, but, as Mr. G"srozxE remarked, Parliament is now in an unexpectedly favourablo condition for dealing with that safe, easy, and economical method of banking. '" That .2,000,000.," he said, " of' gold s"hould have been sent to Scotland to enable "people in that 6untr to go on with a Vytem of "investing their capital in securties, iatead of "employing gold, which would not be so profitable to them, is indee a singular state&of things.. It "is, no doubt,' extr6mely satisfactory to theem, but I ',' I hope~ the intelkect of ' Eingland ii not so en- I "ctirely in the baciground but that we under-, |" atand at whose expense thi has been done, As. " an explanation of the present state of things, I " may say that no doubt the system that pre"vails in Scotland is an extremely cheap " and easy system of living for a private inai"vidual, who cam prevail on his friends in that "way to pay his debts." Scotch xpeculators will not find it safe to reckon further on the com. plaisance of their accommodating frierds in the South. Votes of confidence in the defaulter moved by all the Dukes and merchant princes on the Clyde will have the effect rather of promoting irritation than of reviving credulity. Perhaps, by this time Mr. D.Aoisu and Mr. Buc,wTN may have advised their constituents to return to Glasgow without preferring to the Treasury tneir modest demand for an advance to the Joint-stock Banks out of the public funds. Even Mr. SPooNR. har discovered the necessity of restricting the manufacture of promissory notes. According to hIs present scheme the Bank ought to issue in its own name paper payable on demand, and at the same time to administer a separate State currency of inconvertible obligations. It is satisfactory to be assured that a motion tending to carry out so preposterous a scheme would scarcely find a seconder. Mr. GLvi considers the effect of the exisiting law on the country eircu- lation as highly beneficial; and, notwithstinding' the vehemence of his language, he simply proposes to vest a limited power of relaxation in the Bank Directors rather than in the Government. Mr. HE,LEY urges the curious objection that the restriction imposed on the i£sues of the Bank tends, under certain circumstances, to produice an unwarrantable inflation of crmiit. None of the speakers,in the debate professed the opinions in favour of a paper eireulation wvhich were openly put forward during the last Parliamentary discusion on the general question of currency. During the recent controversy some progress has also been made in the public mind towards the establishment of a just distinction between the maintenance of public faith and the soundness of commercial credit, or, in other words, between the employment of private capital and the regulation of the national cunrency. Lord JoHn RussELma, in his lucid argument in favour of the Ministerial proposal, pointed out the absurdity of expecting that panics and losses could be prevented by any method of dealing with the circulating medium. " All" he said, " that any "Act of Parliament can do is to endeavour aslfAr "as possible.that the national currency may not ."be imperilled, or rim-the-risk of being: swept "away by the torrents whieh occationally desolate "the field of :eonmmerce." The Act of 1844 has, as he explained, fully effected its inimediate object of securing the convertibility of the note. It has only failed in providing embarrassed traders with as many notes as they may require for the discharge of their liabilities. - Mfr. DisnAu expresses the same opinion, with pardonable exaggeration, when he declares that great commercial distress can no more be caused by the. management of the currency than a great nobleman can be ruined by the management of his pocket-money. The question of t'he currency is sufficiently importaut to engage the full attenticn of Parliament, and the,subject is strictly proper for legislation. With the other causes which may occasion or relieve commercial distress it is only posible to deal partially and' indirectly. Yet the intimate connexion whieh exits between the practice of banking and the operations of trade furnishes a reaEan for contiumng the inquiry which was commenc in the two preceding Sessions. Mr. GrinsTOesn peinted out with some humot,r hopelesane, of acquiring further Iforma.tion.on, the tl.eor~. 01paper issne.u Therlonl1edinig quek~ tiont and the cnitradictbry asuwers in- the blue- boot 'contain, for those who know-hovr to-rdduca- MAai r~ edU-, teAaoiq i^nito order, tbhe fhctsi''aiid rea? somngi on l4h h true. theoy of4ati must be founded, ibut there: m room for, mucb. inforai4iowi 'n r the eonduct bf bauJn;g. estbli h ments inl Lndoh, in the province at } nglknd, in.1and,and, moat ot all' in Scotla'd; if tWe' esti.atonL is- to- tAo. place .at all, there are obvious reasons for absng,frora action -with resect to an incomplete Iportion of the general subjet. . . . , . , I , . . . r. DISRAiIs' sudden suggestion of the propriety of imm6date leaiaation may probably have occurred to him after thle delivery of Mr. GLAsToNg speech. .The. notiee-book will explain_ hli intentions asu soon As he has made thoni cIdir' to himelf'. On Friday nigti he simply pidged g hiiiaslfto the prop* Itiodd ithat somnet,ing ought to be done. PrudentW tatesmen- . for the most . part ncine:. to .the Oppohite pollcy-.of doingnotbing until.they bAve icerhtaiaed whiatit -isdeirableto do. Lord Jo o PUssur displays sound judgment In c toicluding that thar6 e;,e.dii7t~caon for a~ dipIay of a ecdoxn an.arigpr§ . igeimr i;Sci4 iv'.r able for Y Gover i rine. propOcS in d of waiting for the advics of Pa^rliunents2y C6mbiltteeg; but Minstershaveno peculiar f4cfiiiti*for'so&viig the diffi6fizes- of' the ourreny qiutiT6o.n Their o4m, opinion eoincides with tfiat which evidextly: prevails in the JE& They are stisfied wiih thu. gieral policy . the exitting' lar, and at .e sme timne-they are embariassed b5y the anomaly involved n periodical susions ofiti proviions. Any well-o6nidcred plan for'the improvement of the t ct would be willi,ugly. adopted but the vague as*ertidi that siick'a¢scheme ofight to.be discovered is altogether useleo.. "The reappointment of the Comnittee s -not measure to be repelved with ehinsahlm, but .the 'great majority of the louse hve. niothing*l?etter'*o- propoese an'd, the varnou! theorsts on Currency would admitthat, in defau of the aGcepcane of theirre petivewchemes the Minitteialproios is the tecondibestw arrangementl - :'Accotng to all former experience;' there i, no j-Pobability that a comnercial crisis *M1 secur before the;ternation of tie intendedinqury. But,. eveii ifnb nOew'light isin the meantlme thrQwn on the doctrine of isue, It ismot Imposible that means may-be devised for checking d.ishonest'speculaton.- Mr. Db Aies. moti6n for extending to Banks the law which now.applies-to oi-xock Companies aggemts one of .the methods by which spurious credit might -be cheocked. It will probAably ba found that theleas justifiable 6pera*tiont of Jointistock Banks wae rendered possible by the unimited liasility of their shise- holders. A. capital paid ap anad reoxrd might beadministered with greater caution, while. it wduld fnnish depositors with an obvious ataadard by which they could- test tho solveney of thei establislunent. TheBank16f England,which has always enjoyid limited iiability, has condducted its affairs with A discretion which is now. universally acknowledged. Few members of the Committe wir be disposed -to - seek for the causes of commercial distrems Iin the circumstance that the paper currency is secure frorm depreciatidn. UInder the actual law any supposed excess- of currency must be founded on an additional supply of gold, and it is not likely that so valualble a commodity will be purchased or hoardedt exoept where it is really required.. nTe 0MNxcstton of the 13xenEQmR distinctly states that the Government is resolved to abide by.this great principle. Only the dQtf2ls of banking legi3lation sre left open to the investigatiQn of the Committee. The debate- of saay nelt 'will'showv whether the H3isde of4Oomnonoa Iicmore rEady' than th'Mizkters to terxiiinate.aii iiic3boate,irjuiry;by ai' p*c~ttre ilt of .legislation. .. q
It is difficult to speak to people. dmtressed and hunger-stricken, of whom the numL-r. Is, we fear, increasing, because there is one argument which nature appears to put in their mouths as an answer to any word of an adviser,-" You are not in cc our case." This is a natural argume.nt. We do not say that it is a deep, one, or even a reasonable or a sensible one, but it is undoubtedly a natural one. It is thefirst idea which occurs to a poor man when one of his so-called betters begins to lecture him; he says immediately, " Oh, it is all very fine; you "can give capital advice-you can teli us aii in "the best language to bear our sufferings well, "to be quiet and orderly, to submit to the "trala which PROVIDENCO sends, and to wait for "hetter times; but it is easy to preach resigna"tion with a full _tomach, it is easy to be philoso"phical by deputy; if you were in our case you "would knaw what real trial was, and how hard "it is to flesh and blood." We believe that this is the great argument wbich makes a population under severe temporary distress so .inaccessble to persuasion. They think that nobody has a right to advise them, that misfortune,. at any rate, confers the privilege of being let alone, that; in fact, together with its miseries it imparts au elevation, lifting them up for the time above ordinary reason, and giving them a right' to take a high tone with advisr-an immunity * which is, indeed, regarded as a sort of compensa- tion, a veri poor and melancholy one, but still the only compensation they have for 'the evils they are suffering. All persons connect a sort. of dighity with misfortune, and this is the dignity which is often connected with it in the miund of the operative. 'Andm yet it must be clear.that 'when men are in tho exciteimnt of' diJculty and dlatresj and under circumstances which severely 'try their sense and discretion, and tempt them to acts of d1soraer, there must. be the. right,. somewhere or other, residing in some persons or. other, to give * them advice, even if that advice consists of no miore than what would spontaneously' occur to them6elves, if it is no more tlian the sinplest comIMon sense. It does not stand to reason .that a large class should be in the disquiet and agitation of distress, and 'that7 nobkdy in the world sh6uld speak to th'emn. If ther are any persons who have a , sincere wish for. their' welfare, feel . real sympathy with them, ahld are anxious that .they should not do anything which they 'will afterwards regret; such persons. have the right, which belongs to jll1hoiest,neighbours, to speaElT,thiem. Without honesty an sincerity no, man has thec right. to say a word. and with, honesty and sincenty any mau has the right who has anything to say. We are not'going to read the distressed crowds of our maliufacturing towns, just thrown' out of 'work by this financial emergency, a lecture upon the duty of saving in the day of prosperity in order to be prepared against such a catastrophe. Such a lecture; however correct it might be upoh a returi of sunshino, would' be inopportune now,'apd look like simply adding reproach to misfortune. '.e shall c Antent ourselves with one two plain. pieces of advice, which will. be vexy: easy of fulfilment. In the first place, do not listen to demagogues who rise up on such 'casioils as these to set you against your eiApIc,yews,. aind persuade you that these seasons of distriaassje owing to some fault in somg% particular cl',As or:to some defeets in the arrangement of the iocial system which mray be repaired- -some inequalities .bich mayX W bevelle.. It; .not so. We htvb ,'tiquera 1 a large exienf the great scourges 'of f i'atu, ~ te, plagu~ t *.ensweatilngeuiclbesc' asd tche sld*- (dttiOt1v. Wdemics no longer avisit us. but that6 very advance in civilization which 'we 1iye omade 14he '-ery growth of trade lAsi4 i acture;'- fie very accumulation of the worl&'s qapital,. and/ *ie, very increase of. aystimi' mutual. relationship, aud inteidependenqy in;the ljphire~A. o£commerce, and e,-t,is -Ivery 'vitliity-and activity breeds epidemics of its own£n;ncial' epid'emics,- under one of which2 our. *tIiat S ase noe geing. It is quite'true ia,, thee ce of 0£c improves such iuddeil commotions as these way be 'more guarded against, and preventives discovered, but in tho meantimel they must and will occur oecamionally. Our opera.ties kno6 this perfec,tly well, but, as we juot'now sid, in there' seasons' ot distress they are apt tb indilge in the privilegeo of being unreasonable, and to think that misfortune raie them above the claims of evidenoe. - -They know perfectly wellthat *hat these demagogues' ell thent on these ocalior, ish nonisense'; thei'know; that the masters smart as wqell asthe en, ind thatit is to nob6da interest that mills should be sshut up or half'ime begi, ' but they. exercire what appear th6 legitimate :ii-Pghits of &aversity-t4ey ,WWl t-'theinaives- bi-tke- woird of resosnr nd 1-d tdrrie to' believe shit -omebod,y TaI .' o, tliiem.- of, Wrong impa3 jan, excitement to dtress and' eems to aUlay its' pain, on the pilncivIe' of eounter.irritation.* But if they know-and: we; Are certain they do know- ibat,what these 'agitaforx say is nonsense, it is ,no,* ;nuch' to ik' that they shciuld not listen to 'them. -It-will be,an-et of self-control and for; earane-an, actby wchich they will give up cej" 'taiWimount 'of 'excitement and- morbid agitation, whiC,h men are ,apt' to like on such occasions as Thiese; but it will be richly -rewardec& by the ad.- VXntae of an undistire and heihtenea: pynpat.hy,from their masteza. and the public. 'Tn the next place, they need not suppose that' ,tLi'gloomy crisis 'is et6 La for ever, or even to. last long. .Evybodykiow this theoretically, but pra;ctically the eflect' of d5stress is often sO 'to'-3ower the spirits and fasten the mind upon present evil that, a mtre temporary calamity acquires a kind of1imAginative endlennes. They do not see their ,way out of 'it; all is' dark around them, and the hreizon is as nlack as, the sky overhead. But this' ,iAmero lmaginati6n,for everyboly kmonov that such -acrisi, as ,this is only tetporary, aud maust pia8 off soon. Mqeantime, the law of this country is that iobody shall starve, but that every man, woman, and cbild in the country shall have that which shall preserve life.' This in the law of England; it is the fundamental condition on which every one who, inhabits a British house or, owns a British etate enterswuponi his occupation and his tenure. in perinciple the 'whole pro ertyof Great Britain is pledged to this law, 'and that wiiole property, andevery farthIuig 'of' it, must go to the dogs before one single man shall be' deliberately and knowingly allowed to starve. The operative, then, whatever be his distressw has the necesary .1upport of life guarmated to him upon the scurity 'of the whole 'roperty of England. The pleasures of life, or the comforts of life, may not be, ibut the necessaries of life are secured to him, 'and he may as mAuch;depend upon them as upon the sunrise or the tides. ' Azd, this being the cue, distress like the present is simply IfBe under gloomy and unpleasant circumstances, borne for a particular time, and 'that' certain,. by every evidence,of precedent, to be a short one. It is a. fate to which, under some shape or other, everybody, 'even the richest and most splendid members of society, have to submit. What is a sickness which onfines a man to his bed or to his room, and is accompanied with much.bodily discomfort, but life borne under painful circumstances ? Let our. operativei'only- rfefct'tath'thi crisis of ' dist is a - tianient one, and they :ill see tbat it is no more, ihun Iat; they ,i*4d- bear perfec,tly well and 'take as a-matter of course if it came to them from naturno more, indeed, than what, as coming from this latter source, they copstantly do bear, and think-it part of the law of existence.
Sir Gaspard Le Marchant, at present Governor of Nova Scotia, will ucceed Sir W. R4Reid as Governor of Malta. Sir Gaspard will be replaced at Eahfax by Lord Mulgrave, who by this appointment vacates his seat for S=rborough. Lord Mulgrave will be succeeded as Treasurer of the Foutehold by . Spencer Ponsonby, who bas long filled the office of Private Secretary to Lord Clarendon. It is a little remarkable that both the Incoming and outgoing Governors of Malta served in. the British Auxiliary Legion under Sir De Lacy Evans. Tnx LxvTAN.-The work at the launch was resumed early yesterday morning, and with great difficulty a start of a few inches was made. Unfortunately, the pressure required after this was so great that the supply-pipes of two of the hydraulic rams were burst or broken in such a manner that a considerable delay was occasioned before they were sufficiently repaired to be fit for use, and it was two o'clok before further efforts were made. Between that hour and half-past 4 o'clock, whenwork was discontinued, svevil smnal slips were made, the bow showing at every time a much increased ten. dency to descend fasterthan the *stern. During Saturlay.this tendency showed itself in again of 16 inches on the mtern, but at the close of the day's labours yesterday the bow had descended 10 feet 7 inches, While the stern had only moved 3 feet 4 inches, and this difference in progress had so turned the stern ecadle on the ways as to induoe an increased amonnt of friction, which deducted considerably from the amount of progres. It is, however, confidently expected that the result of to-day's ( Uuesday) work *i put the vessel in such a position as that ishe may be safely left to the influence of the next spring tides. THE MAns, &e.-Sou rro;, Dec. 7.-The Peninsular tsd Orlenta Company's steamshp Alhambra, Captain J. IL Joy, left to-day with the outward Penlasular mails,13 paengers, 3,006LIn soverelgnsforOporto, 6,772l. nu Eovereigns for Lisbon, 860. in bar gold-for Oadis, &nd a Isnersi cago. The Abeona screw resmer, Captab, G. Cmltb, sailed for Plymouth this. morning to embark tro6ps for India. The Royal Kail' Company's steamship Arou l8aves on W*dnesday wl'th the Brazilin and River Plate malls, and the Teviot, for Alexandria, on Saturday, with the Austrplian and NTw Zealand mails. T4e Tamar, with the heavy portion of the Simla's Australian mails, is. expected to-morrow or Wednesday. The United Stateks mail stcamer Ariel, with advioes from New York to the 25th ult,. Is due here on Tlmrsdav. INnIAN MuTnur REF FuxD.-We have much pleasare inastati3g that the sum of 4191. 5s. has bseD -forwarded to thiu oommittee, being the residue of a fund which was eolected by Brith subject in Ruasi dmring the late wr for the rolief of their feilow.countrymen who were prisoners of war in that contry, and it is to be hoped thiLt the same course will be adoped with regard to the surplus of other fUnds. Many persons are labouring udei the .erroneous impreeslon t atheapplicants for zcliefare few in nmunber, and tbatthe dis I mach exaggerated * the following extrwa from a letter from Calcutta, of the 2id of October, will tend to correct this impression -" I have Uen favoured *lth yo'rs 'OfthrlOth uIt., and am h;appy to 'o6brvuIhcdegred of 'suoces that hkw attende ou kind exeithr&ds inthe keodesE'of the aiflers by tia Sepoy re-rolt: The:fill extent of, the diress -will not,beAndwa or felt zor ieme time, as may ho litve been denived of thelr allhave not yet rsacbed agny ploac of tefuget aod doubtesv when tley are enabled to leavethe stations iirwich they are located, such as Ages, L^ncJnow, Lsndcer, &c., a large acceesdin the nauber of applicants fo r.lief wsill preseni S'hJsmselves." ha 3lng'b6en 1oN OF ta thN.-beotkrday morting Mr. Gibs n t his comfde ittee, consiGting of the leading memier w of the Itberal interest, *t the ymeliHAel| and higly encouraging repcorts of the m It of wh cteans re presented. Early in the morning Mr.hMaSOn, tho Con. rArwatle candidate, thought it prudet to resin, ba tr. Astley, whbo hadbeenannounoed ho addresstheaectcssto..day followed in the wake of Mr. Mson. Mr. Asthey's committee haming bemn convinted that thele candooiate liae not the remotest chance of defeating Me Gibsou, seni d an intmation to the committee of the later gentlem that they haddecided to withdraw Mr. Mtietha itains to redresent the borough. A similar offlclit intilnatjoh warasa fromx r. M TAona committeeAto ti spp s 'D Mr., Mibson, and wthen these intimationa were said. known the general Impression on all ddes onared to be that ,9 r. GibVon would be returned, if Mot witho oppostion, by a trumphsnt majority. -The only oppoeltiou candidate now in tbe field is Mr. Sericant Shece, whlo, it is said, arrived at AshFton this mormtug, and at the time we write is closeted with his legal adviser. There has not yet been any sunouncement that Mr. Serjeant BIhee intends to addres tire dectors. ;, gir~STA PALO .-On: ru.nra Dx, )frivtda, 'ec 7.-Amiiononpayment5 449 itto l
- --- -THE.-- - 1NDIXAWUTrNIES. ff~~~~~I -. { - . . .. t ... __._ (BY ELXQTBW-12.MtGxT?'. ' -The followiwg telegisin waA received at the Sj'o,reign- offc aS,.t' 6.35 ran.'on & ,,Pd,3, , dted. (Jalui,, f*, o1' ,IO&Lyopi, ,M,4l, f 2 pnL, Decg4 _-' .-, - , ,' o1i,t''i,an,e oUgene' re eid at $u& 'per Orlental othn28* of November:-... - ; "'£TWo o,xtvoYsOf pro'vions arrived 'sAfel at L cc4ove w wis 'w iU aurrounded by ikao. numnbeuof t-e- eemy, -who were sid to h.ave3Qus -o;B ,"I'iere'iad been some sevre 4fghtingt anUd General ,Outram was teported to .havel been wbw,44, alvnpore on tba,28tkof OctD1)er,to trhiohp Lce the troops were bg moved-np aickly aC pble, an.t Lero,e,ed nto tl T!9iof of L wchowwhen in sufficient strength. T'"he fflwloJng'stineri hia airredin' lcntat ith.troops ainoe the depture of .the iast n:T4e Sydne sand Auwlian,sdthe LAdy Jowyn No6VOmber the 0th, aad the Ccanal, near thie gand I"Iea ;-ere were. the(at?). MadrIs. ss i;ps MVoetoriv and- Caitbagewat GaIe-Rbert Uwe, Thejin ' merdiantmenf. 1 .with E.ns n leiti,den on t9e 20thh RoriBny. (JaIcuta, Iov. 1; Madra, Nov~. 8, Gale, Novem- ber 20.' ' - i , t. , z - ' - '; ' !?,t, i?LYONS, Adi,L *"¢aliz,c 4th, 8p,.:. , -',' '-~~ ~ "'nu ..?'.. ;a. w.~>. , t:?f;i s . C~on:.; w.c .ald 2t ± The Merchaiiiman, .hchildon tlie 2 c.' of Jul with. 350 men oItlwlt 19.'h ment'.; - .
IMITARY'ANDK AYVAZXW?TBg. Slnice tSe mpezaiorof. the Piovopal Baittalios at hat. hama ntothrte epate battualos, inerreased facilities have been given foeithe instotion of tho offcers and messedther Indien diitshe MIniI'e, each battalion belngabla ,to urnish 'the same nunher of inea for trainin by the sever,l instructors oi mnocetry; and from 500- to 1,000 troops completetheir l1nfield rife instrueffon durin each month,ani are fit for embaroatloifor Indias ofteh a reInforcements are required. i Yesterday tfie first detechment oC',lck ^an wounded troopsiron- China arrive at Fort PltIf Chatha, having disembarkeda from thie Nortleetat Plymo,uth The Northfeet maUed from Hongkong. on .the .8th o August having onboard 72 ron-cormLsaloned oicers and invalX tiiopo of the 59th Rogiment, In charge of -Captain M. Pep4fofther Lloyd, of tht, eorps, beddes- a large party of sailors and Marines who were left at the C&pe. During th ey, which wa very protracted, ix deaths oocurred. on board. On disembarldngat Plymouth the invalids wee forwArded to Chatham,. which they reached yesterday afternoon. Another are prty of sick and wouI,ded troops fro,m China and Persia will shortly arrive at 4hatham. The efforta made on Sunday to raie the Cuckoo stmer, at Chatham, proved sucoessful, and s. the tide roe that evening the powerful lighters to -which she xhsfasened suaoeeded in lifting her Irom the dangerous poition in which she had been lying. The lighters were afterwards floated up to the Gun-wharf, where tbey were made fast, and during the whole of yesterday relays of workmen-were employed in pumping the water out of the Cuckoo at low tide, in order tha she might be floated off. Thi waas a work of much difficulty, as, from the injuxies she hs -reoelved, thewater oppeas to . gan almost an fast as puaped out. The stemner-haszreclved ooniderablelnjury., Rear-Admiral Sir Henry Ieeka, MM., Tsited Ports. moUth on Laturday on his return from the oommand-inelef of the Indian navy. A -ordial greeting was givee 'him by all who,cnew him and- bhi scedul. operations in tfiePetssn Gulf, where 'the Ijidln nay so pree-emnently 'dlgushed ftaelf mmcder Sir: Henry's eomnan. iRear -'rd1tideHloi. Slr~ H[enry evppe!; K0.C.., visited Ports. mouth yesteidisy onm hih arval-fromina, analsore 'ceved a most!hearty greeting fromal clsseswhoknuew ?eim.'' The Curago, 31 steam-frigate, Captan T. IL asorn was mnLsted yeserday at Portsmouth. - Thie Diadem, -32, Captain Ifoorom, C.B., remans a. Spithoed. She saited the Qaeen yesterday as the Royal yacht passad through Spith6ad for Osborne.
ARRYVAL OF THX COtBT Ar OSBoURx. A sec_l Royal trin in chirge iDf the chist offerm oE the South-Western Railway Company, a*zied in the RoyaZ. Clarence Victualling-yard, Gosportk yeskterdy, at l2 p.m., oon.v6yiag Her'Majeet the Ioyalfaily., aza ihb-court, to emubayk for Osborne or abrief mojowin before ChxhItma& The -weather was ox6enlyunfavourablb. ?oaee Alfred, dcompsaued br yh tntor ieutenant C.wbLi BLR:, iast hin Augt bttattheChrmeoeard haivagprecdedaeither fzom deie taties Bank r (the mao of the late JobljWileosVroker4 and a9companedthemloOsbOce. The Quiieen waxeceived on htlng from thp traih by Admiral, Sir George Scymow,. KXLE'; L fajor-Oeneral tbh Eton. Sir X. Yorke =rett, XOMR; - tarAdmird4 laxl Ga- C sp Superinteidont Daceg, O.k-; COlonol J6retev "r..andL Colonel Erdle, RMI C.B., Aide-do-eamps. to HexMajley Lieutenant.Coloney WrIght, .Aesstt-f larter. Masrted4eral; E;ieutenaut-Cblonel Co2loy - A!stantAdjutant4Genoral; Captain Seymnour- (i U, aptaijn Gordon, %ptain Beokn, "a 1. gruam of aonour of l the Royal Marine ightt tifantry, vudeihe sonuzbud of Brevet Deutenant-Colohe aWng. The loy4 yacht Fairy, midor the eomman~ ofCaptain,the, Hct. Jbseph Dena4 eftl'oteout I~rbor,with- the Court on bo~d, t 3mluts pst 2; an- rriedat Cowes at 25.
.. FREAc4iG AxuD PR.FBB?a. TO TQx EDRDO9 0? THE, 5U~S. !taer& er'- Tr'- trsae i and cooke' strl&e.; but jl*i;s sti 'ste 'As B I be}ieve. I was the l tfir t6aiidV te InI 7oXir cohsmtns preag tQ the 1asses in the naveo :c our catheabls, it gives mns the gkeat pleasure to call your atbaintx to the f ct tabt on an4 after the ad oi JanvWr nmxt there willWbe t 50i& in the "*e of WestmiusterAbbey at 7 p-iA. on Sundays. There can be uo fear ot the %uee'eaSf this mioye-if' the Dan aad Chapter ,will remember two t1ings-first, tihat If preaching Ls to be preofi6ble it must be heard, inh which case it will be fldory that to voies o£ the officiating clergY bhbuld-bo siffiiently povwrful to fll the 'nave seand, coadly, tb.t if the Poorer dase are to attend, -the ei icee, -a _more eecial the sermons, should not be long. I am the more inclinecl to insist on *o latter point, becauee in one or two of theExeter-kall serviom lsa summer, though the lithrgV l portion waa much shortened, the sernaoxk was nearly tioo aa long sa it should have been. H&BITANITs fN aicco. I Broad Pbhiacery. Soum ISnKTOmi; MUs1mL-,Durf the week f t,dn Deoember X5, the ,ltiors have bon A follows :. -On Monday, Tuesday, and Soturday, fre jayg, 2,69;T i l Mlondazr and. Tuesday, bree evenlngs, &,323. .On tho *tbSee Fue'dnb' days 3amion *o' ih >ubi uL) v8 EOtldz£'i;a I , T *s0 f ^t- 1 . . t i i . at : j . ~ ~ ~O .,
. .s . -FOMIN IKTBLLIGBXB. - FRACE. (FROM OUR OWN OORwBONDMq.) (A POZIj of the following &ppeavd I ou- smond ,a. iemiof yeewnwday-.- j, PAW, SUNDAY, DM 6, 6 P.M. In my letter of. Friday I mentioned that the .Presse had been stopped for an artiole on the refusal to take the oath by two of the rbcently elected deputies for the department of the Seine, namely, M0M. Carnot and Goudchaux. This refusal was probably laderstood as a censure on the oonduct of the two other Democratio deputiec, MM. Darimon and 0111vier, who, with little or no hesitation, submitted to the test. M. Darimon Is one of the writers in the Presse, and the article In question, usnuy vague but strong in comparion with. the timidity or subserviency of the rest of the press, severely censured the conduct of the recusant deputies. Besides these atricturesit launched into a strain to which the public has been for a long time unaccustomed. Yesterday the Moniteur contained an order from the YMinister of the Interior suspending the.Presefor two months. The order is as follows : " Considering Ar. 32 of the organic docree en tho press cithe 17th Februry, 1852; 'Coideeing tv warngs givento ike Preae under 4at rft Mfrch, 1853; 24th Mah, 1854; and 26th March. 18-57 ; "Conwdering the aicle published by thePrusee in Its auinber of the.3dinst., commencing with thee. words, 'Das1 Zla Ilecour qui oad eu lieu,' under the sinaure 'A. PeYrat,' zad in which the author, stting forth what he conceive to be the wighe, dispoitions, and Intrest of what he calb the democratic party and the revolutionary party, pretends that ' for some 3months pat there has been a vague emotion univalUy felt in the pub:io mind,' and adds, I This is evidently the hour for decive resolution. The pro1b which preos. eupy the political world dlmplifY themselves-parties draw cloeer together, and reckon their numbers-it apper as If we had all heard, from one end of Europe to the other, a voioe caling on us to arlse and march! Ought We, always living on our reminiscenes and our regrets, to ink deeper and deeper in our dejection? Oaght the revolutilonary ?arty to mitate the egitimisto, whom abstention has re uced to ullity? We have already reckoned our numbers; we know that we re a great party devoted to revolution,' " Considering that, senseless as soh expreuons may be, in the midst of the profound pce which the country now enjoys such turbulent spirits caanot be alowed to freely preach up aittion, and appewto revolutionah, pbapions, " Consideslng tha, for the general inte6tt and partwo cularly for that of those labozious cles for whom no one in France has ever maifested more anxiety or exerted him. self more effectally than the of perorl the right an duty of the Governunent are to showr IseLf seveore against the mad:exs of those pretended Democrat. whose infuence, if they ever had ny, canot but be dMisatrous to the welfare and the regular proges ofa D the Demcracy whch, happily, mhey have henceforth no poter to disturb; "hDecrees as follows:- "tart. 1 The journal Za Preund es speded for two oniths from this day, 4th December. "Art. 2. The Prefect of Polece in charged with the execution of the present decree. ' BILLTA UIT." The article, such ar7 it is would probably have passed unnotitced, or wrould have been soon forgottent had not the eosniteur directed the attention of the public to it; and the effect may be felt at the lew elections for Deputies to fill the places left racant tby Mh . Carnot and Goudchanw o Besides Pris there re a few hacancies in the depuatments, where the proceedings are Wingularly illustrative of the purity of election, as undertood by the Government press. The wonitdr of yesterday announced that Dm Segur, Deputy elect, and Government pominee, tendered the redgnaion of binseat, which was of course admitted It appeasr that the circumstances of this election were sauch tht the comruittee ohareed with the "v erification of po iers refused to pas.s it. There 18 probably some retnt In Paris, but in the country it seems to be tron aide, and on the present occasion the " eccentrIcitIes" of the authorities were such that even a committee of the Legis. 3ative Body was forced to annul the returo. A report to that effect waa brought up, and was on the point of being read, when the deputy was given to understand thatkresIntion was th wor. eSiratiom was perhaps conyidered better than the pubiica- ion of the proceedings. When the Preddent of the Chamber ainounced the reItrement of a Sngur the report was withdrswno M. Ollivier, one of the Democratic Deputies for Paris, asked perhission to be heard on- the question before the House-namely, the reslgnation. Bfelievng he had received it he mas beofnning hi apeeuh, whn hen we sas metwth cries of ?o I no u" aud Md. de Moray said, En his sternest manner, "CSir, I have not granted you perission to speak." "I thought you had," said ELf Ollivier-" u9 as I was mistaken I nowr ask iti" "Very well, Sir," said M. de oiorny, "I refuse yon permision." "wThen all I have to do," replid the disappointed orator, " is to it down; I cannot contenld against 200 persons who refse to hear m." of. Ollivier put his ech in his speech bupocket and sat down. Public curiosity, It is said, X likely to be edified bv further discloures respertno g thee ethinor the rlaut Rhi, wrhere, ia I have already Informed you, ount rfigeon is determined to again present himelf to the electors. The Tbunal of Colm vr, as you are awaro,sentencedhimtoronemonth'almpryoAmentb It was saidthat the Pzocureur meant to appeal againvt this eenbnce, on the ground of its bevg toollenyent That functionary has to the 22d of the present month to enter his appeal, but there are some misgiVil3gSall to whether he ill persIt. Be tho as it may, the resignatio of Mp. Migeon veems to have eterfered with the preconceived artangemen. Mad his election been driputed on the "verlfication of powers," it wouldJ mnost probably have been annulled; if not dis3puted, the past would have been buriedale oblivion. But the voluntary resignation of Id. Mlgeon means a second appeal to the electors, and his friends affirm that he will be awUln chosen by a large majority ln spite of all the local authorities can do. If the judgment be against Eim, no one will be'1 Aurprised if the second sentence prove of a far severer kind-that, In fact, It will go to deprive Id. Imigeon of his civil rights, and, consequently, render whm incapable of filling the functions of deputy. His riends declare that in the event oi a second trial he will go all lengths, "tand," they say, " exoe with. out mercy the whole of the intrimes lset in mte tiona." A decree in the Moa t jneur dismisles the Procureuramperial of St. Etienne, no dou4bt for miseconduct in the affair connected with the abduction of the child which occurred there. The Minister of State has also written to haf. Chapuls de Montlaville, the Const itiionnel says, to express the decep displeasure of the Emperor " that a Senator should have diven the example of so great a scandal," the;aaid Senator bein3g the principal party concerned in the abduction. It Is raid that Md. Chapuis de MonlXville Intends resigning his post as Senator. The Commisary of Police of St. Etienne has also been dismised. General Piobert, of the Artllery, and a member of the Institute, has made a discovery by whioh the explosion of gunpowder in magazines may be prevented. It conilsits Implyof rnixingthe gunpowder with coal dust. When the gunpowder is required for uwe, it is only neesay to sift it; the coal dust fals through the sieve, and the gunpowder resumes its original qualities. The experiment has been tried on a large scale with complete smcces. A againe filledA with gunpowder so mixed was set on fire. N~o explosion took plac," asays the Moniwt'u dec i'Arsnte. "The gunpowde burned like other combustible matters mu,ch as pitchor tar, and the fire was extinguished with common nolumn" Subscriptions ha%e ben opened in thedeprt ment of the Loire for the relef of the unemployed operatives. A coniderable um ha been already colleted. It appears that the number of medals called MdIdailles de Saint Eine alrady distributed to those who served undor the Empir amounts to no less than 300,000. The Directors of the Bank of Fnceyostrday reduced the rate of discount on com3ercw bilu i1 per cent. The rates now are-6 pr eent. on bills haviug 30 days to run; 7 Per cent. on bls t 60 days.; and 8 per oent. on ba et 90 days. AUSTRIA. (Rmom oun OWN o00"xMON T.) .VENNA, DEc. 4. TheOOe"ezrei ftg (the non-official organ of the Austrian Finance Department) eontains an atLicle on the proposed "Bank Paper Currency Conferenees," in which there Ix more than one mrs. statement.- According to the Vlennia publiist, 'Austria Tesolved to have nothing to do witIh the Berlir. Conference," but. the fact ls, -iho ha,d no ch6tce; but to remain psaivo. Xl&tIDlO.$lllc the * Brlin, Government took mssattns. f~reretitng. the lrculatln (hPruaia) of the notei ot the varlous private German baks, said on the 15th of October ,last It addressed a circulaT to the variois members of the German Zo lverein (Custom-Union) inviting them to meet' attBerlln ' in orde 1 to agree on the amount of paper to be lsued br the private banks; companies, &c. Anstria was not invited to attena the Conference, and it will not apper rtrange that ohe as omitted when It is considered that the Metalli| Currency Treaty, whIch she concluded with the Zoilverein on the 24th of. January, 1857, ha not yet come into force. At present there isbut 'one knd of paper currency In this country*_that of the National Bank-and it would therefore have been uperero,gatory on the part of Prussia, whose mea sures are direte against the issues of private banks, bad she invited Austria to attend the Paper COar-' rency Conferences. Bavaria has declned to send a representative to Berlin, because Preussa hasnot clearly enough expreesed her intentions. Hanover s likely to followr the example of. Bavaria and Wurtemberg; ::esse-Oasel and Frankiort have not yet decided wfhether to acept or rrject the inivitation of the Berlin Government,. Subjolned is a list of the private banks in GeLn which are privileged to issue note% The Brunswick Bank, which waslounded In 1853. In 1856 the nominal capita was 5,000,000 dollar (at 3s,), but only 10 per cent, htA been pid u,p.t The, Weimar Bank, 'wihich was founded i 1854, hsi. agencies ad' offices for 'e;aignz >t 'notes fnx Lelpsic, MSadgebnrg, D)risden anrd Cheimxit.' At Greir, in the territotry o£~ rice' ReissPlauma'anid at Pdsneck, In the Duchy of Melinllgen,. it has branch banks The Prnkort Bank,s whih wsra founded in 185L The Bremen Bank, whichwas eatablished in the sumer of 1856,'haaaid- capital of 2,500,OOdollars in golds, andcan lue iotes to three times that amount., The Thiiringan Bank at Sondershausen was estblished in 1856, and has a nominal capitalof 15,000 hares, .of 200.dollaras The Gera Bank, ooncessoned in November 185, rhas a nominal capital of 4,000,00( dollars Mhe Bank for Southern Germany in])armstadt, established in November, 1855. The nominal capital of 20,000,000 of Rhenih florins, in80,OO0harO, was sub&¢iWin the following way :-1. The Darxatadt Bank for Commerce and Industry, 5,000,000; the Hesian. Go.. vernment, 3,000,000 ; the Hessian Ludwig's Railroad Company, 4,000,000 ; the founders, 8,000,000. The capital actually paid'upIs2,654,1.50* The Hessian Bank at Rlombourg, establhed in 1856. Itg nominal capital is 1,000,000 of flors, and it is privileged to inue notes, for 5li 10, 25, 50, 100, and 500 florins "to the amount of the paid up capital." The Lnternatlon'l Bank at Luxemburg was established in March, 1856 with a nominal capital of 4000,O0 florin. The otha Private Bank, established in the summer of 1856; the nominal capital of 4,000,000 dollars wastAken in the following way :-The Lelpsic Credit Bank, the Berlin Discount Company, and the mercantile community of Gotha took a million of dollam each, and the fourth millon was " reserved." 'The Credit and Insurance Bank at Lubeck was established in May, 1856, and has a nominal capital of 3,000,000 dollars. The Hanoverian Blan, eats. bUished in May, 1856, has a nominal capiXta of 12000Q,000 dollars. Half the 48,000 shares, of 250 dohlars, wvere taken, but no balanee;he has yet been published. I do not know whxat amount of paper the above-mentloned banks have in circulation, buti altogether their paid-up capital does not amount to more than 12,000,000 dollars. Almost all the German "' note-Isuing banks" (Zeffel-Banken) have hitherto paid large dividends, but the Impression on my mind Is that all of them have weaky constitutions. For obvious reasons, no names can be mentioned; but 1 know that the Vienna Bank ha, by order of the Minister of Finance, saved more than one Hambug firm from falling. No les a sum than 4,000,000 marks banco was advanced to one house. X Schiff the econd director of the Vienna Credit Bank, has taken with him a great number of short Hamburg bills, which he is to exchange for bills at a longer date.. About 10 days ago you were infomed that trade was cornpletely stagnant here, and the balance-shee of the Ilank for the month of Tovember proves that my statement was but too correct. The xtock of specd ii 97,807,903fl. 191L, which is 757,W7fl. mon than In the precedingmonth. The amount of paper in circulation is 386 450500 .,mbhich ls 10,,55,82Zf,. ls than in Octobsr. The blll portfolio was smaler by 7,143,517 f. in November -than 1t as in (itober. Although strongly urged by Baionm Bruikl, the Credit Bank has poiitively refused to have anything to do with the Ragusa-Alexandris submarine tele graph. PRUSSIA. (rucc 0o oWN onRnEolDnr.) BERLI, Duo. 5. At the present moment mone matter not only take precedence of all other subjects hertheytake almobA exclusive pouesion ot men's minds; and being a subject which, in common with most others connected with the material, practia interests of mankind, in very little 'understood here, the amount of nonsene that Is talked and wttten concerning them in this capital of intelligence is considerably greater than usual. As an instance of this, I sha adduce the remarks made in connexion with the present position of the Bank of Prussia, whose monthly statns has, as usual, beenmadeuptothe last of the preceding month, and published officially ;- D Or.o PRusexa BAxx, Nov. 30. D:. Thalehs. L B-1-notes in circulation ... ... ... 6523,000 2. Deposita bearing interest ... ... 19664,000 3. Amaounts standingto thecreditof the SAte, public institutions, or private peraow ... 6,688,000 Cr. 4. Specie and bullion . .. ... 33,449,000 5. Casen-amveisungen .. ... ... ... 1,768,000 6. Bllls discounted ... ... ... 62,991,000 7. Lombard, or securities depofited for d. vances .. ... ... ... 10,867,000 8. Government paper, various clams, Uc. ... 6,556,000 By way of explanation, I will premise that the firt item, bank-notes, Is paper money put into circlation by the Bank bearing no interest, but convertible at sight by the Bank and its branches. Item No. 5.-Cassen-amveizungen is paper money cirulated by the State through the medium of the Banl, inconvertible anywhere, but a legal tender in payment to any Government institution. Item No. 8, GEovernment papa is scrip issued against loans bearing interest. The present position of the B3ank;, as compared with the close of October, shows in Thalers. L Notes in circulation, a ders oe ... 5,275,000 2. Depodts, ditto ..390,00 3. Credits of public bodies and prlvate persons, increase ... .. ... ... ... ... 780O000 4. Specie and bullion, ditto ... ... 220,000 5. Cassen-amveisungen, ditto. ... ... 245,000 6. Bils discounted, deerease ... ... 4813.0D0 7. Securities for advances,inoree ... ... 214000 & Government paper, &o., decre ... 353,000 The-various £'officious" organs of the Government Ilin the press paint wilth great delight to the satisIfactory position of this public insltittion, the Royal Bank; they show that while Its Liabilities into circulated notes have decreased by 6,250,000, and its liabilities on bills discounted have alo decreased by nearly 5,000,000, at the same time its available mea ns have increased by 2,250,000 in specie and 1 2,500,000 CasBen-amversungen, the result*pf w bich that it now stands pomessed of 3,500,000 available funds to meet a convertible pape z circulation of 65,000,°000 being about 13,000,000 more than It is required by its harter to keep ready in ots offers. This satisfation at the excellent position of the Royal Bank, in the iidst of the general distres, is perfectly in keeping with the whole spirit of the bureaucratic polhy of Prussia, in which the ease and comfort of the State and its servants are the considerations that take precedence of everything, and the publio at Iarge is an object of hary condary consideration. It X lkept out of sight here that this diminution of 5,000,0 in bills discounted (and indeed of 7,000,000 since the end of September) Is the exact meumre of the accommodation withdrawn from the public at the very period when it required every facility to be extended to it, consistent Mith prudence; and this contraction of avalable currency iis further aggravated by an incrase of three-quarters of a million in the amount lying to the credit of plblic bodies and private perns, who have thus withdrawn sO much more than usual from circulation for the purpose of being prepared igiinst possible contingencies. The Bank of Pruass a jut' now at liberty, according to the terms of its charter, to extendd its Imes of paper by 30,000, 00 thalers, or half as much again as it h&% at present in oirculation ; that it has not done go, but, on t i c en- tray,has contracted them,must bethe reeulbmni.y i f anover-apprehenilv:"fairit of.selflsh p`deonothian of any absnoe of n i of a6o06 m6iUtl6n oin tb part of the money world heie. 'The nuuer iostanc and the extent of mutusliccoounodatlon between bahkers hem witth lat `eW days prIie dlude the idea of -aid aot beingmwAnted anywhet The amount of the loais on -recurity Anow Ai in, crasew of only 2 14th millionk of thileri, for the recent suspension of the uxr -1a# x&l16*1ng Wroner being lent on xecurity at Its market -value hWa at the making up of the statement hadiro n,o into, operation; ainos then- the increeas -robably. bean rapid, inasmuch as the street in iZh- the Bankh ltnde the Jtagert , has withi- he last fewa days been frequently blocked up iwitl waggons and cari unloading gon t be depoe Xga1 we x4oe to b, I As there has beenL no business doing oxL'OIane for the lastweek-rcesre littloo r t Tottenai thelowper quotaton that have bleen-ade howrbuta dsgTo depresion in railwayr hare, r but inLtnking dhfe t;he retrogression df p4ice i: fo1 cozisderable; mrylng with thb amount the fo loen e in- itioLare sUppos to be Tnholved tin witi therous branches of trade here nob' detected: to Uie rotten ' The ' prices of banak shar tes .hve .3 ny -pe ;to-(1y.experienced a, rise, which lsl,howrev.r neting moxehan a rebound from ief thef.11 j tbe pri Seiieedprevloiiay. Theqnotti des bb exper ppdon of- payment made eviy dlAy sth&e Tow CoF (bEl) hee'OntltU :to be oCQi~&l tbo;mad Inuacturing houses, orld dealehkio*to havebeet anYthing but firm for! ome tilme pest, a oontain no amesof aore than lointere. The news from ,HaVburg, athou of' a natmr; to inspire some Ettle confi&e c,iii' thie veitual victory over the difficlultes that bet mone marketjust now, has nettill.to-day exer~ed ny" insphrtinr influence on-the Berlin.-money mere chants; the num.bser of ~aI1es that have actUa taken place there seems to oyi erbalanoe. lreoa the amount of probable preve good ' and §lL f ' there arenotwanting personahere to *apettbat the want of tme alleged by t numbe-.ot boki there sn excuse for no t havg allowed 1hec pe"a. tion of the security claus in he Hamburg prode, connected with bills of exage Is litle more i a feint to coter some ulterior motives The tele7 graphic news from thit plate of a L o nnd' about to be raised to the amiountof -30illIcnao8; markibsnco, mayhave -ontribut6d tornimat -thl pleealittle. Senator Mo-hrling his arrid ,here tromD}nbrg, ndDhad- aninterviewr yesterda a~b the jForeig-offlce. . Itis underaton that the object proposed by his vIst is obting supp}ies of silver for that place. ~From )afitslo - r' we hear that a eommnltte6 of men' 'of' iale there, that has been oonstituted for the.pur pose of arrnging the affairs of th-i house of S. J. Joel, hs, reported very favourably o the prospects of tlie winding up. The amount for which the house filed turns out now to have been not 3,000;000 of thalers but about 500,00, and ceranly not more than 800,000. This is 'ot the only case by a good many inwiich the amount df diaster ha been magnified either-by .ignoranoe or Il-wilL -The monthly report of the Stettin Bak is just as favourable as that of the,Bank of Berlin as regards its own stability; and In -Brenien the question of whether it was necessy x nder th resent circumsanoes to suspend the action of the usury laws there hu been anwered in the negatlve, thus!-implying- that therei.s no unuual demand for moneyr there. Very eonslderable quantilties of gold airlved .here thie day before ye3sterday from St. Pteirshurg, and pased through; the next day, party to :Haimbiig and parvly to-Parii, to thie address of Rothschild-.- HAMBURG. (MONx OUR owx 0oUReoMDMr.) HAMBtIIG, D. 5. I gave you in my last the current rumours among the publlc up to the 3d lnit, and alo the result of the = zileeting of the fleehold burgessex,for the nurpoe of tioning the propol of the Senate in reation to the winding-up the affair of xsouh firms a have suspended, and may not be able to reme their payments. Now, although the' renewal of obsolete laws that wren enacted during the fearful erisis which the comniunity underwent in the year 1799. mny -hve been wisely conceived - in - favour of ithe general mans of creditors under present circumstances, and may prevent nicuch unjt t ference belng" g'en> to one creito- over another, yet nothing has been done to- prevent' au amcumuation of failures, the numbei of which had already been fearfully augmented, and conie_quently the state of the publi mind is extremely gloomy, no less than additIonal bankrupt. cles having taken place, among which are many firms of old standing. The fact, too, of many of the bankers and bill discounters having been compelled, in eonweuenoe of inns upon them, to supend all further p ayments, hs caused a stfill greater excitement among all clue'; and, so fas has this deplorable state of th'ings increased, that on Thursday a plan was proposed by some of the merchants and others on the Exchnge, tht, unless the Senate did something to re-establish publio confidence, they should all of them suspend their payments at once, in preferenoe to seeing houses absolutely forced to dO sO by does at a time, when a trifling monetary aid might have prevented the necessity. In the meanwhile the Prussian Minister, Von dier Ieyde, ancl Prince Esterhazy, have been here, it is said to consult with the Senate upon the best meras for remedying the presont difficultlie, ad to cause a speedy return of mercantile confidence; buit any. thing beyond this Is not known. There is sufflclent money in this city to meet all demands, even were they greater than they are, -were public confidence on anything like a par with the means that private parties, and even many morchants, might employ in the discount line; but nothing can prevaiupon these persons to afford any aid In the face of the failures of zuch firms as are daily appearing in the list. Yesterday 14 coccurred, making now up-wards of 100. In short, such is the effect of the present panic, that it is with the greatest difflculty Prussin Royal Bank notes, however small the amount, can be oexchanged for ailver; and then only by allowing 25 per cent. discount. However, the hereditary burgesse. are again assembled to recelve the proposals of the Senate for establihing a temporary State Discount Bank, with a capital of 80,000,000 - of marks banco, and to give their inmediate uanition thereto. But the burghers are generally of opinion that, as the mercantile community have been the man cauxe of bringing the difficultir upon themselves by over-speculatlon,l they ms do the best they can to get themselves out of the mess, and have no right to call upon the freeholden to pay their losses. 4 o'Cr.ooK I.-. Another failure has just been announoed as az having taken plawe this day-Mear Watty and Co., the bankers and bill discounters. It is, however, supposed to be only temporary. i We have received the following telegram, dated Hamburg, the 6th ins t. "Aftei a story sting, which lasted l0hour*, the Asmbly of Burgesses rejected all the propoidl of the Senate for relliving the commerselalerisby the creation of a new Banlk. Another sitting will be held to-morrow. The majority proposed a forcd clrculls of notes for a limited period"' ITALY. (PRo3r OUR o0 r COnmoxumcDw .) TURIN, Dna. 2. Although for some months of this year there seemed little in the affairs of Piedmont likely to intereet other than her own people, or to awaken the particular attention of Italian Liberals generally, the case Is decidedly different since the elections of the 15th of November; and I do not think I exaggerate when Isa that throughoult Italy men are anxously speculat-ing on the public consequences of thos elections and. eagerly awraiting the opening of the new Sardinian Parliament. The peculiar disadvantages and dangers to which correpondence bypoet is believed to be liable in vous Italian States, and especially In the provinces owned-by Austria, render people shy of expressing themselves [openly in letters sent by the most usual channel; but, nevertheless, from numerous letters and travellers we learn 'how much concern is felt at the greatly- improved position the retra- grade party will have in the new Chambar of Deputiet, and at the dimnished! attachmenim to; liberal prinCiles and a constitutional! Go-vermnen it would ;aeem to Indicate-among the .electdrs of the aState. You aveaed been fully informed of the reasons- put forwaid by the Mhijterlllt*t in proof that no-ueh diminution hastakn pacenor caiA be fsaIry inferred-.from- the rc~uls f h~late elections. Due wreight -must b6 * The THugam:a[u=z.&ehoin (of lO.kr~ A i 4'bI' uihdrIrawn fro)i, circulqMon, and ar o ,e 'rare. .I ' tThe Brunawwck Bmk h aB brfich atIs t ^' Bemon, give, to thse acg'ed ause of a. eeming retrogressmioj,Whilch, however, *wb'mutt alto remembir ik po Wted only * admitted apathy and negligence onthebone hdiand by at umexpectod anmount of activity, ,k11 aud influelouo on the other. Aowda Ing to thp eo#i;ja* m4ot unf vourabls to .th 0ayoui Governmont,; it7woild havw in a full Chamber but a ilenaer majority, supposng Black and tod-tho Rtightand the extroeme Left-tooom 'binb to' oppose It. Ast yet,' however, it Is really, Imposible to form a corroet estimate, for about onefourth, of,,the ihanmber. consists of nqw'member%m of not a few of whom it Is difficult positively to prosouncewliat course they will adopt. Ther isailso a d6ubt xs.to the poeiti6n that will be taken up by thlextieme'left' andby'somne deputies of the RIght - nearestt tha'Cintre. It inightxseemnot nreason. ablei to suppose that the.ULft, seeing danger 't!ireaten,edt,o thaMIins_y which (unlestheyoculd ornn oM out of itie n own scanty band) governs ,mo6,e, in' ac¢ordancisith t1hoeprinc1ples they profesh 'tbas* would any otherthaf'could bel formed out 'of' this Chamber, ihouldio fir haerifice their own, peou., liar riew at :to < support It-7againat their aolknowr ledged coppbnent4s.da moat ddyadv,ersaries. But, It i4,to be Feared tl*t moderation of tbis ii is alien to th sp3itof cais inomet countries and, m'oreoyve it Is iiot--improbable thAt the ttetuelLeft%-mfsed bhelrpreuxmpttlon ind terten:t dure and ' :6erpopuIat8 reaction aga1 i' hWe d party^*hieh ias eoertaxi, 's ;ed' - itself 4uriieg e+t., ,ortn,inglt,hmay t, tbak their' .ho,u,r *thnd, ,andthat sniot eiappea to'the oou,try wlnot, on,ly,ridthem'o£ Uavoir. and- his dol-. laeguel-lukearank ana siungiahi ini the 'eyes of their fieryr zeal and Sipatlen~-bnt Xleadl to the forihation of ' overnment'iinr*his they may hope to takre p Et. fEr,be theiktxpectatiouR,they:wll- I meet with-, disapp,ntment. The ;LibrJl .pnroed,g_tatQd, almost ilarned,'by . the y lal aucceis of its enemes fin the eleciib;s - :but-st hasn'iot'b '6efidc-tricken, iior 'it It liely: o ruib madly into'one'exeem-be .u -it haa seeim 'Ieitfora moment'men'm d,with the other. T,hat' 'wrould;indicate a deqee of :raahesi and *bsence of gope n.and refle,UQtQnx w1ch cannot fairly'be aO.t', Wto the SArdinan nation. TheOp p itiotnonntUi' vy confident , ot bMoasfu, in speeohi' Its 'cief organ, speakIngof -s-eeting of- nIais dep-itles of theIift, which It aserts to have beeni-held In' Tuin, doolares that it feas-7nothing,j that its elections. are pe*iectly re- la d te-a even if any houldbe annulled it oertamin of tho re-election ot Its cindidites, in : W1c1aiib- the greater ivould be its trinnph, the ,more iomplete the diicoisfitutre o-the Liberals,- or, aisthe pri(esp*tyfaetjously-stleiitsopponents,the Libertines. As regards the meeting referred to, the only one that'haealytaer-place was compced of nine deputies, wbhose chieft objoot as to take ineasure -for brirnging togethera more numerous one previously to the opening of Parliimeat. Of what the clericals are domg little is known; for, according to their wont, they labour 'in daikness; buti we Ifiay be 66rtaiii they are not idle. With respect to -the tactius of the .Government in the approaching session, I believe I am justified in saying that they will not be wilfully aggressve, but that, on ithe other hand, Miistiers are determined not to give way an iich;to' pursuethte same coue they wouid -have done had their mkjdrity been 'larger; and to accept battle it offered, They enjoy to the fullest exteft the confidence of their Sovereign, whose ympithies are also well known to be with the principles they uhold..I ;Eig Victor Emmanuel has shown, himsea during Es nine, years' reign- too sincere; straightforward, and frankly liberal for the supposition- to 'be admitted that he would Stultify himself by altering,his course and retracing his steps. There is no risk of his thus sacrifibing ilx prestige. Abdication is asn awful word, but I could sooner Iniagiue him uttering it than! resining himself into the hands of the clerical party, who would suppress liberty of conscience, of comierce, of the prs-every kind of liberty, in 4ort -and suffer him as long sa3 he wu docile to goyern by the gace of Rome and on the patern of Austria. There is no fear of Victor Enn ueldesertg' th good cause. Such, At least, is the opWnlon,o. his subjects, who look up to hMm with affection tand confidence. He has opportinelychosen this mior eit to make what is ceortainly intended a an indic tion .of his feelings and wishes. In. the baement story Rof thePa,larzo;Madama,which occuple thesc,ire ,of the chlef square ot, Turin, there now lies a huge wooden case, contimnzg a statue of Charlei Albert the founder of ,the Sarainlan Constitution. 'Workmen are preparing for its erction In the vsotibule of theSenate-house, on the floor above, whfch; will takeplace before the 14th inst. It will bear' the inscription, simple, but just now highly signmifeant, " Victor Eimmanuel to the National Parliament." Some fears'-have beeon ecently entertainedlthat the finanbial crisis would extend Itself to Pledmnont, but hitherto the apprehendon kaA not been r&lzed, and well-informed persons seem to think that it will not be. I yesterday heard talk of a respectable Genoese house tottering on account of losse sustained by the stoppage of a lIondon house; but It Is hoped that it may right itself, and, at any rate, I could not learn that this casualty, if it occurred was likely to be followed by others. The financial difficulties in Lombardy are stated to be dminshing, although the crisis cannot be considered at an end. The general state of that country is one of depression, and but for its great natural richness it would be impossible it' should long support its burdens in the face of recent bad harvests. I am assure:d that in themoat fertile and flourishingparts of Lombardo-Venetia the land-tax carries off a thirdof the average produce, while in lesa favoured districts it amounts to a great deal more, and eastwards towards Venice, ther are lands that have actually been given up by their holders because their pro. ducts wouldnot pay the impost.
SPORTING I,YTErLUGENoE. TATJERSAI3JS. OnTnAV A lrger atendance than usal-at this period of the year caied the betting tQ be resumed with some show of briskness For thd Twohousand, 6 to I was currently offered ou the field, 8 to } was taken about Clydesdale, 10 to 1 ach in one bet was booked about Happy Iand and TosophUite, and io to i was iaia oenca agst Lord of Lom. The invest; 3ments were, however, too small to demand a formal quota. lion. The Derby betting was carried on rather spiritedly, the meeting of Parliaient having brought some backers of horses to town. The prices showed no material alteration from those previously giTen. They are as under Dxmasy. 100 to 8 agt Mi. Bloward's Clyde*le (taken). 16- 1 -Lord Derby'a Toxopholite (taken). 18- 1- Mr. T. Parr's Kelple (take 20 to 1). 20- 1- Sir L Newman's Vandyke (taken. 20- 1-Baron Rothschild!s Nentmoretaen). 25 - 1- Mr. R. Jones's Ditto (taken). 25- 1-Mr. J, Scott's Longrange (taken). 35- 1-M r. Gratwicke's Ethiopian (taken). 40- 1-Mr. Gratwicke's Deceiver (taken). 10- I Lord Allesbur's Brother to Mary Copp (Uken). 50- 1's the Grand Secrei (taken). CHXSTER MAY MEIS=G. It has been determined to hold this meeting on the 4th of May and the three foUowing days. Already have 93 subscribers been obtained for The Cap. for which the entries are likely to equal In numerical Ftrength those of preceding years Into the p..gr.mme for the last day anew rac has buen importeL. It is called the " Stewars Cup," vslne 0 The horses will carrywelght for age. the distanoe wIl beone mile seven furlongs, and the event promises not only to be most suecessful, but It will materisal otrengthen the toetrations of the Friday. Mr. Topham, the enterprising clerk of the oo rge, hs too, announe6d that "no horse W ill be handicsAltr at Cheaer tiha hasrtun in In o with the ioeMr.rket role.elrine - lot pubUkorml RJI 11fAPPOUqTMETs Baershes ot Wounf aze Wequested tO cu kam eir a ol, nmeut to be ferwaccldby i dayIhtds y t to our zepm r of rino g ntdlown(e. 6, tn' I Std W.. Or drect to t D Fslntlsbse.suae ~ fxtues ecived ine ocr lst publicatknl} BTerb,el. east5 (o- scriptloc) .. .. WeThu ds.. Buharmln , net r Read. Maldeube ,. ....... 11 30 Ludlw th!' SitwW) yrd. *- Oravmizm .- . 10 30 Tlvenon [Mr. Jrode selef^ .. ..Tb .. icne. Extn .. .. 1030
(AdvertUsement.1-Anid the dsasters, panics and cla.is AtMeaof daxl%lsehogw lefrbing iltIs to poness a good book-one th will afford museet and reoren, and my be ely led unoo eiehtoy uteaiil eesding, or for a tory that il t The eyen. In thrcn7b. ow, snob w okbw evork ercbful n4 oer eqnal to theme object& tl new TolumOn lut ont of the "Family rlIend"moBt assuredl WM be. It Is the eTY thang we want ater, the aurtinal , tre drawn anl the a o ndla wb e lit for a lone seI t '"S ark tho "arndfoe Obander. Ie eurlched with tauoisntb poranlt of the FineesS RoYal, engraved on steel ahd contaln 416 llatrted pages of agreeoble, eful, and amuding lterature. Plrce 2. 6d.. Also ase. nrlce 6e Ward a Loelk 158.leektteet. [Advestlemeent.]-To the Ladles of EnglhDd. On Decem. jer.1 willMeu psbllsbedn grand touble number of "The LalesaTmrea enry forJanaiy, 1858,price ls., whieb wln complete the flet volume. phe nnub&r wiltl eontaln 50 b;suatUul engravings, together wIta an abundAnt snpply Ot that entealninL andintructlyenattst which his ne6dered th ulo oel so gret a avoure, The vOine, price &, boondin extra cloth. glt aide and heock, or St. 6d. lwith glt edges WMll be~d at the b Uame. awrll containn howe4Cf 10 Uesetoe wI a beautiful ecuesdrian porkalt of Ret IIajest the Queen *1 wd du el abd.wll tr d Ule but the hbiomm. ohk of ibeeaec,. Woxnersntahiepesb et sol be mad. oa I I!ho inbeeZghe a* print and oie5an 010h tutemea oa lie d, pa,d.esebwO, WodoF u,Wqud.dIo
MEXTBOPOLIAN CATTLE AAZRET, Dec. 7. The aenTal Of ath, Aod catt o teO poeSt oi Lodt from the eootineot dunnggthe pet P.eek h4sem vee aI,L The Vim. S14A5IheP.Na1g a tostali!7G9 bea, aglnt ,"Shed atth The upplies of moat toa, were mal of evryka, but the state wade was riot oa goods might htvbeec ed.xpet but pe waft Of bedf the Sup eompetld 3j0 heed of beset, woho m The supply obf sheep wee coo dsabi hermal number, bce Doma ofeto-dat numberIg aol 18.630 the Sae cg which waslow. Downs sold at 5.. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~sow Oelve~aod,lg also h a very simited upl, and dld not med with aver, motive salAe.hkyo OD- tLree to believ tOat h be and sueOI ZoSf O o hsM ave Coparative Stament of Prics and Buplr oC atte#atb aret
RAILWAY A1N1) MAIN&- AiREB- ED .. - 'he raiIway. ket been d;;rl Even g.i 6 Tswavm%ret aa eenduill, and some. ofthe latger d4criptions of atocks closed heavily. The most marked decline was in London and NorthWestern and Great Western, owing, in both cases, to spequlative sales, and in Lancashire and Yorka4re. Great N;orthern, on the 'other hand, Cale. donian, and Sheffield iinproved j to j per cent. lndWia iatone period touched 86, but afterwardsreceded hnd left bff without alteration. Canadliau' slii.es' de'cine2, Grand Trunk closing 1 per cent rfw~i- than Saturday; a reduction also occurred in (, ong and Melbourne, and Iadian continue wea. French fwere in better demand, eapeclly -Northern, of France and Paris and hy,oss, and a partial recovery took place in Lobmbardo.Venetiane American securities were a tf'actively dealt in; Illinois Central and New York and Erie 'were heavy, while New York Centrda and Pennsylvania Central showed Increased f3iTnes. In Canada Government Bonds there was A riseof j per cent. No important variation- oc, aurred in mines. Joint-stock bank were flat; anc nearly every transaction was at a reduction. The ohlef feature in miscellaneous securities was a further advance in Peninaular and Oriental Steam ; London General Omnibus were without change, notwithstanding the announcement of the cancelling ofthe 25,000 unisued shares of the company. OEDINARy BEMItRS ANn nwu
TURADE RPO0R. Monday Evening. TALow.-Te k.ket cloes seady at 61s. 6d. to 9d. on the gpot, 52. for January to March, and 53. fer arch dsone. Annoxed aro the Parilculmr of stocg a nd nrfrm- R.W. .. .. .. .. . WRK.. With regard to the general state of the trade, Memsrs. Colchester and Woolner rspot:- We have to note a consiaerable advance in the value of allow during the week, on EidAy 52s. having been aid for ImmediAte delvey, and 53 6d. for January to This advance WAs caused entirely by speculative purchases, and consequently hxs not been maintained, aS on Saturday the market was very lit, with few buyers, and to-day this dullnus has continued; and for immediate delivery 5s. 3d. toGd. is the price, 52s. for Jauary to March, 63e sellers for March, bsi. 6d. to 9d. is paid on the spot for Y. C., 49s. for beef Australian, S for sheep, 1s. 6d. South Amerlcan, Sis. tow tallow, net cash. he seaon Is closed at St. Petersburg, and a the ships have got away, leaving 2,000 casks still to arrivein this port.
- BAIL- AY ;LLIaSNO - _DOMDAY, BARODA, AC1D OBJBAL INDIA. Xne ail.hu-arly meetibg of this company was held yeaterdaysat the office, Livarpool-street, Colonel French, M.P., in thechair, Mr. Kennedy, the secretary, having read the minutes of the Lat meeting, which were confirmed, the report, an abstract of which appeed iz Thc Tmnes of yesterday, was taken as read. The CHA3RMN, in moving theadopkion of the report, congratulated the shareholders on the fact that sinoe the last meeting the Government had anthorized ther to construct the line from Surat to- Bombay. Ie d-stated on a former oCcasion that thefr line began: snowher and ended nowhere, but now- It would extend from Ahmedabad pg tbrough a district kaowu as the garden of western India, to Bombay. -The districts through which theirline would pass eontained 62,616 squae miles,tbhe population was 7,160,000, and the cottor disrict contained 2,020,060 acres. Taking theannualproduceat an average of 701b. per acre, that ditrict alone would pro. duce 141,402,0301h. of cotton, being . equal to about two. thirds of the amount of cotton exported from Indla in 1854 Nothing he thought could be morc sxtisfactory.than tbAt portion of their undertaklng. The country,.sofat as-roads were oonoerned, wasin a state otnature. He hadstatedin his evidence before a select committee that n1o People could be in vruder Ctatltian those at Baroch and Bunrat# Hei had. seen them xol the cotton down te the bohts ilntho mudatddirtand shipitinaairty and dampstate,-Therpwere ito wharves or jetties at the shippig plangp*s;o lhat before eotton could beshipped on thea.oatitcould.be conveye&by the railway down, to Bombay. The richest-producing di-. trict on their line extended from a pla4e to he north of Ahmedabad to a point about 30 miles below SurAt, towards Bombay. It was a district fully as rich as most parts of the Deecan. The country-through which the line psed ii lower Bengalwasnotby'any means so rich sathe npper part, but it was capable of.cultivation.- There were large townsi on the line at Broach, Baroda, and AhmedabPd considerableoentrep6ta .f tride, which would- be further developed by the extension of. the raihwy. On ithewhole, he thought-their affairs were niow- in a satisfactory state. The first section of - the line would be opeaed in Ma er Jurt next. The works .were progressing favoaby and hehoped, by that timde nexrt,year to be able. to may something about the tralffo on their Iibe. (Hear, hear.) Colonel HoLLND seconded the motion. - Mr.Wixmimsaid,itappeared to hinm that as thelr line would pea at right angles -to the etrem of traffict would intercept a great deal of it before it ached the coast. He wished to know whether anything had, been decided with reard to having a sepaate station at Bombay. lhe C iw said, no mention of that had been mad;e by the hon. Court, but it would no doubt be left tothe local anthoritie Theywouldprobablyhavoesepuar stion.' In reply to questions it was sttod that. the iew' shar would be isrned on the first favourable.opportunity, the first call would amount to 25 per cent..of the whole, and the time had been extended to the 18th of MarcL They had conirsated for a large amount of permaneht way, th balance in hand was being gradually reduoed, but at the end of five or six months it would be necessary to have more money in hand in ordertoproceedvjgorously.with theworks. Lieutenant-Colonel Y aKN Y, the consulfing engineer, at the requost of the meeting entered into an.. explanation res 'ctig the program of the 'work.s He belived that no railway -ndertaking would be-superlorto thelrlinesAit now Etood, jolning the wetern capital of India with a rieh andtproductive-district. With zegard to the constrctLon of the line they had adopted the principle of doing their works themselves. Thls had involved a good deal-of preliminary education before they could get into ma efficent system. The lat progres report he had received was very satisfactory. Jn the month of July last about oneeleventh part of the total amount of esrth. works between Surat and Ahniedabad was executed by their own staff. July being one of the worst monthr of the year, the result reflected great credit on- their sta The, required two years from the commenoement of the worm on any sect}on to open even the small-i portion of their line, becaue carthworks in Iudia required tie seaon. Ing of one monsoon to oonsolidate them before they could prooeed with the permanent way. But, although two yeas were required for the construction of the smaLlt portion of their line, that time was sufficient for a very lrge portlon. The whole extentof their ooneion ws for alngth of only 320 miles, but the oountry required a greater length of ine to boeconstruted. Looking to the interzeseef India and the company's system of carrying on the works, the scheme they had proposed should have been so arranged after the first year's opsratidna tha they could open the railway at the rate of 200 miles per annum. With a line of only 320 miles In length It was not to be expected, under the circumstance, they. oould open more than 100 miles per annum. When they got 100 miles ready fortraffic, the other two sections should hem such a state as to open consecutively. So important was the extension of the railway system that he trusted in future the Government of India wonld show their appreciation of it. If their com&pany had been allowed inshe first instnce to go on with the construetion of the line from Bombay onvards, as proposed, thewhole distance oouldhAve been oompleted and opened up to Delii before the present time, Had that been the case the Sepoys would not have dared to mutiny. The course which would have been most beneficial for the inteets of India would also have been most advantageous to the railway company. On ther line they had no tunnels, and after the enrthworks the most difcult works were the viaducts and bridges, masonry, & B means of improvements in Ironwork he was enabled to dlspense with a great deal of masonry, and to construct the bridges and viaducs entirely of Iron. They had sent out many of the minor bridges. The Ner. budda viaduct was in course of constraction, near London. The plan he adopted was very simple. The openings wer all 6 feet in span, formed by Warren's patent girders, and the piers consisted of a number of pieces which fitted in each other, secured in the usual way, so that piers of any required height could be eretod, or bridges of any length, from one to two or three ailes, constructed if necesary, all of the same materials, so that no mistaka could possibly occur in building them. Several of the girders of the Ner. budda bridge had been carefully tested, and the zesult had been very satisfactory. They were enabled to corntuct any class of bridge by those mean, from a single span of 60 feet to any number. With regard to their engines they were all of one class--aix wheels, four being coupled. He would not advlse any alteration in the kind of engine until after the line paid theshareholders 10 per cent. He truted they would not attempt to run the rapid trainx of Eng. land and thus reduce their dividend. He thought that twenty or twonty-five miles an hour was quato fast for a people who were now tredging along at the rate of three miles an hour. Some endeavour had been made to force them to carry their line 16 or 18 miles out of its course tojoin the Great Iudian Peninsula Ralw7ay atoalliad ith a viewr to eav 135 mules up to Bombay. He hoped their line would not be disfigured by that deviation, as the gradienta of the other line would seriously affect the profitsble working of the Baroda line, which had very easy grAdients throughout. There would be no difficulty in forming their line direct to Bombay and crosing the Bassein creek by a bridge about 1 mile in length, the waterway being only 600 feet andslowr in lt3 coun The aot of the viaducts on his plan would not be more than 60,0004 or 60,0001. per mile. (Hear, bear.) The report wa then lunanimously adopted. A voe of thankato the chairmaln and directors, including the offiicers of the oomprny, closed the proceedins RAILWAY AMALGAATIO0N. Yesterday morning a meeting of the East Lancaahire Company was held at Bury, to sanction the steps taken by [the directors, in conjunction with the Lancashire and Yorkshire, to apply for powers to amalgamate with the Blackburn Company on terms which have already appeared In %te 2Times. A resolution was agred to snctioning the proceedings without opposition. A sdmlar moeting was held at Mancheter of the Lan. cashlre and Yorkshire Company, when the proposition was so agreed to unanimously. The Blackburn Company held the meeting to take the consent of proprietors to the same agreement also at Manchester. The terms appeared to give great satifaction to both old shareholders and preference holders generally, but Mr. Derbishire, solcitor, objeoted on the ground that the preference shareholderswould lose 20per oent. of theirrnoney, and he thought the old shareholders, getting, as they would, good terms for -their property, ought to pay off the whole amountof preferenceclaims Heithdrewan amendment he had proposed to that effect, and said he should not oppose the Bil in Paliment, but he should hold himself at liberty to take any steps at law on this subject he might think right, Thnemotion for amalgamation was agreed to. MANCHESTER, SHEFFIELD, AND3LINCOLWSHIRE. The working expenses and other outgoing% of thls com. panu's rallways (exclusive of the Manchester, South Juno. on, and Altrincham, stated below) have amounted In the fortnight ending Nor. 29, 1857, to 9,604k, whiloethecoorresponding permod of 1856 amounted to 9,4621, making a total expended of 112,3741. as against 99,2781. for the corresponding U fortnights of the previous year. The proportion of the South Junction, ho. reeilpts accring tothis omp any for the fort-night ending N~ovember29, 857, amount to 777, as against 4804 fortheasmeperiodof 18B6,midg a total for 11 fortnights of 14.0004 asa.gainat 9,1654 for the same period of 1856. ThpoortdoiolheSot Junction, c.,w orkmng expenses and other outgolngs for the fortnight ending November 29, 1857, is 4804 as against 571. for The same period of 1856, mbaig a total expended of 5,7451. as against 4,78014 for the corresponding 11 fortnights of the previous year, MED-SUSSEX. The eremony of cutting the first sod on this line was performed yesterda near Petwdrth, The new line will form a junctionwith thie HIorsham branchof theILondon, Brighton, and South Coas Ralwray and terminate at Petwrortb. The railway is to be a single one wilth earthwrorks and bridges for a double line, The event; wras celebrated by a dinner at Horsham, over which Mr. J. Garrard, the chairman of the company presided. TRAFFIC RETURNS. MiesI P*As- Key- Total. TOW.l EAllr. ope aen h. ehnds. 157. 15e, Week andtng Nov. 14, ;6 4. G3andTriik of Canad. s . .. S U .. 753 . b 827. Wskendi No10. 191,02 .. 1,525 . 1,160 Bo whand uimwaM 114 IO 0 Xl 1,D ~ 1o su.ill - 500. 01.1,001 . tWeaswnf -Canada 03 7.007. 1 9,947 ,, 14,4 Week ending Dec. . London, Naighton, outh .1 .... 9.136... ,012. 13,208 .,10,931 BouAThIaMskonf .. . . - - - -.- - ., u 1 .58 . 15,109 The following w e the last returns of the gross recciott of the prilcipal Frenh ralways, from Nor. lFto Nov.25:-
ROLL-S' COURT. C ey.-LAve. Dra 7t THX .&TTORXiY4GztmL V. TEH DUN AND COAOWS ON WMDSOR ANTD OT lS.-THE iaTARY KNIGUTS 0P WIN3SOME . X ,- (BeAorcgth STER of the RoI,s - - o Tlh isanInformatlon fled by the Attorney- enerl for the .purpose of Obtaining the. construction of the, Cpuxb upon a peart of the will of lEng Henry VflL, by which cartin revenuw were provided for the maintenanoe of 13 poor kilfghtseof 'Windor. The real question at issuels whether the WindsorQknIgts ae entitled to the, improwd zent of the ,lnds chazged with their maintenance, or merely to 'cfie payment of thsirannuitle,-a uestion of somne sond".alble importanoesas between the6nights and the Dew aid CeDoniof Windsor,<inasmruch as the surplus. revenues In di6te Iount to some 14,000. ayear. King HEenr VIII; byh I~wl4Udeda4! thet. the Dean and,Cnons of Windsor should have lnds secured to them of the annual. value 'of 00 ulthirb.baiie4jtobe ekeouttd by.hmin. bis lihet}ime e or b7 aeonm-Prince edward; =4W(ing Haenrs) execators and coouncillars, upon trAst to provide two pizests to perform mas at an altar. nenr MS tomAb, and for a ,mV n to be preacbed on everySanday throu the'Yeir foreiw 'sr;and tto ny12 Xneoe per dayto43 poo tobe saled-por nlhZ ts . and now generally . ownaatheMllltaryK enlgth ofWindsor. Prnce vd. ward afertie eatofbis ifather and in tbe-Art -year of his own -reign, executed a deedk: securing the 6004 per annu tothe eanand Caorns ont the trvst alreAdy nmen tloedd and enbeeqniattIyAiy te3r patent augmented the grant. These several iratrnm~htformed the pincipal ttningtha thy erensiledeothewhole of 'the Unproved rnalutt pro yinluded Inboth HemryVIlL..jad andwirdn ofI Win ot the other-UrAu thwDeAn iia-caiii6sAlr dseroontend that They are only boun&,to finuke the-specific pymenxt -eniltoned. in' the hrst King's wi11, aad ire entitled toietaht totbemselvos the-e~trA ai Independent administration of the residue. The, cms Wa soap appear in the case.se
TIcM.cOA&RLoRS COTIRTS- lWrn E GRmENWOOD V. OaRRNWon_ (BWfm Vic- chaewSior 8IL. T. Kpqiw-;T.tt 1 TIh1 was AU adjoUrneds tMmmO3fram: chainbero, theAiuestlonl,elng whether the defendanhtwanprl,uleged to witihlold the produtlon ofcertan docu.mentsadmitte bj]iis anxwer &Adaffidvittobe Inhlspoweseeton. ThebHllwaafiledlto smdterAfietateofaLtes4totrau.derwhoi willtheplaintiif were,2exiduairy legsteen The partiesbademigrated to New Zealand, and the tetator had carried on aspeceof trade tooth as o6iErof sheep and in thE ruanufictureor. -worsted bi ngland, and hea defendant claimed to be ajrair In those eonoerfts. The value of the estate, therd "M Ig lesmned to the leptatee to the amount of his claim, he purethased thfAIrntereet% and, admnitting tbAt: trnacin the lailntifi aleged that the isle was Invalid, by rumso of the deendnsVeepresntationa' to~the-nature of his partner- ship with the teautor trig out subsequently to the purchase to he inoorrect. The answer and affidlavit admitte the potsesslon- f documkentg relating to the matters in question and xet fortha list ; but as to certain lettersane plAles, which the defendanb alleged related to his title As partner, theme he refused to produce on the ground of privi.] -lege Under these circumstanoes the plaintiffs insisted on their right to the productioni of these documen%s ozn the ground of the gross improbability of tho defendant's claim, #-ud hat.the stood In thi teftafor's shoes as partner upoa his own showing, the defendant ooutending that tea docit. aventst eAiorelatod exclusiLvely to his own title. Mr.%Bryan~d Pr. Fischer appeared for the plantifs, Mr. Glams and Mr. G. IL Gfadfor te defendant. The VrasCmuwcmKIr.o thoujht that as one chief' object, of the hill was to asoeitain thi-value of the etattes for the .purpose, off supporting their aUIegation of the Inadequacy of the um ivenbT he dfenant oe,thexir nter,est, the plantifswer enited o iscverwht tatValue wan. Thatfac deendd uon te aoun ofthedefendant's clai asparter.Th~plaltlf~ wre tereoreentitled to andoftheclaim. ~ ~ ~ o te etd (Before VW khdIelIOr Sir W. P. WOOD.) S?1EM V. Z'ROV7;. Mr. Wnmroox eoucluded his arguments on behalf of the defendants In this case% which occupiedthe day t1115 o'1cock, when the Court rowe Mr. Cole has stMl to he -hear on the same side.
COURT OF Q1JEENS BE1WaE T wzgDmgp mn - -9OM.&S V. rOxwlfT. I (SWfta at 2ied rNiu,e WeOJrC Z;OAMBrLL anda4PCCE4 The further Learing of this cae was resomed at the aljimg of,the Court. Some additional evidence was glven in su pport of the defendant's came. Mr. MA-it y then -proceeded to su.n tp the evidenoe. He asked the 1uy to dismis altogether from their eondderatlon thoimprovedmachine of the plaitifnts som, whic had been produced before them, and confine their attentiot to the reanestion whetber the defendant had infinged on or piated tle old machine for which the plaintiff had ob. taled the patent Sn l54I . le went in detal through the evidenoe, and centnded ithad been fully establied that anoportlonofthe plaintifs machine wasnew; In fact, itwas formally dislaimed, and as to the comnblnHaoa each of them had been known and patented long before. Mfr. BovL replied on the whole case. lord C:Pn3BxL said there were two queations- for the Sury,-whether the invention was novel, andwwhetherit had een ilnfnged. Asto the novelty, the plaintiff diclaimed tbe novelty of any pricular portion; it was only a patent for a combination. and the point to be consddered wes whether tbat combination was new. The plaintiff clcimed tour things,-the general arrangement of the machinery the applioation of a needle in combination with a shule the constructfon and use of a sliding frame, and the mode of actuating the frame and needle. If they believed that any one of these was not new they ought to fiud for the defindant. As to the infringement, this being a patent for a combination, if the defendantused anysubatantlaportion of the new oombinatlon for the same purpose as -that to which it was applied by the patentee the charge of infringe. mratwu anppordnditwas mot neces that the whole combination sould nve been copied. The jury found that the Invention of the laintiff wa new au to ali four points, and that tho defenat had in. fringed it. Verdict for the pkintiff-DAmazges, 40e., with the sual Iertificates THOMAS V. TUDKMS. Thi Was another acton on the sme patent. Lord CAxBELL: sadd that at this late perlod of the sittings the cause oould not be tried, and he should there. fore direct It to be made a remanet.
I COT OF COOMON PLFAW, W=ETST. Dza. 7. I - - - WALKER V. MOSER AND OTHERS. I. a1144111" "et* 1iu5, b eaorf ,.C Lord chief ,U,,ic coOKBDm iznd i s I JurvA xne tnal of this cause, a a6tion upon two contrcts to aupIy iron ocn d the entire daj, and waa not finiibed at the.' ngo'f thea Kurt. Tbe LORD Cssn JUSTICE annonnced that atlO a.m. to-orrow (this day) the Cou*t wll sit in banco to dellver Judemenis In the following cases, viz. :-" Simmons v. Taylor, ' "Roberta v. Eberahrd," "Lawves v. Rand," "Bedford r. Wardens of Sntton Colefield," "Bedford r. Sil veeter." Aterwards, but not till 11Uam., two Ni Priuns SECOND COURT. (Before Mr. .TVSUicC CROWDER and a ComMon Jury.) BRYAI4T V. WIXON. Mr. Senjeunt Thomas and Mr. Gziffits were eounael for tbe pldantiff Mr. Serjeant Shea and Mr. Charnock for the defendant. This wasan actionto recover damages for injuries uffered by the plaintiff from the careless driving of the defendant's servants. The plaintlff, a boy, sin by his next friend, was riding with another boy behind a carriage coming from Hampton. raoes. In attempting to get down they both fell,in the road. At that time the defendant's carriage and four, with postllions was comlng fast behind, and the plaintiff was kckedbyone of the defendant's horsespon tho hip and bead. He was subsequenty several weeks ia St. George's Hospital, and still suffers from dizliness. Verict for the plaintiff-Damages, 201.
I COURT O BANKRUPTCY, BatinaWs- Dec 7. I - - - IZl R ERMA- BIuJCI. I (Before Mr. Gammioner Gomnmr.l xne bank-rpt is described as a merchant, of 2, Colemanstreet-buildings. Thi was the certificate meeting. Mr. HOLLAMS, for tho assignees sid the bankrpt bad been cnnected with an unprincipied Italian named Gandolph. The banlkrnpt chartered ship& On the arrival of these ahips at Genoa, Gandolph, instead of ?a tng cash, gave the bills of the bankrnpt. Gandolph had since absconded, and the captains of the ships (the unfortunate bolders of the bills) were now the principal creditors. Without imputing to the bankrupt guilty participation in Gnadolh's conduct, an djournment was desirable to test t-oe tionOnf assets. Mr. CMtnD , forthe bankrupt, urged that the assdinees had biad 1sx months in which to nmake inquiry His Honoimsavid the bankrapt, having 8001. of eapita3, had incured duing the abhort period of ll monthis iaUitldes to the amount of 7,0001. At present there were no atet. An adjournment was reasonable. Ordered accoridngly. IN RE WThIAIDS A BnROsLEY rILLX W.B. Fillerwas a merchant of No. 1, Lime-street. There hasin hlu case bemnmaome timoein coturt a petition for private arrneent. Creditorg to the amaount of 59,0001. were consenting pates, Othler creditors diwenting, the petition was nowr ordered to be bronght into open court Adjudi. cation of bankrp toy accordingly. The liabilities are stted to be about I40,u0El. IN B ERR x&TONL DEODORIZING AND 31ANURN COM- P1ANY. There was a meeting-for the examination of witnewes in this caue. The larned CoxisoNmt havbing remarked that he hoped the eompsnywould xi)t deodorie the Cour-a hint whih wold see to have been anticipated, as no person appned in the zaatter,-an adjournment aine d was 9v4e"
AVSOLVENW DZBBOPJ' COUBT, Dec. 7. . ;;~- . .w ICCHARLE PITCHMIR - (2forc Mr. CommusioPe PEfrTiPTS.i hLJ^Be ~lcdY~2p pOO who ha4been pa rt uroprietor of the Berkeley CtLub, ian AlbeninareAtreet, St. Tanes's,; and alo of the Doncs5a Betun.roomin Applied 'for k fnal order. - . IM.B pposdandA Mr. Sargooaupported. ,,UP Sn eaition the insolvet sad s partner in the "Berkelely" Wu Mr. A&dkius, who;- lae beleieed, was the on prY interestd in It3rko l1e g mmro house, wilere wine Wm furnished to Puntlemsu but wit, ont say-charge being made. The C6oUM WAL-])don't thOY PAY fOr it pretty laigely_ In mkotber way before they letve? T. eInaolvent.-Ye,' Sir. bpeInf htbe t eXAabetting heo isovent uratae that whie' ho War conneted with the Baekeley he receivd about' 1,000? from & Mr. Sidebotham, who snbseAuently sued Adkinzto recover lare sums 1et *t play. 0:L ceasd to hae shyconnezion with the Berkoley in Decmber 1853 andsiAnce then ha ieen sup-ported by friends. jje ha' been in the habit of betting upon the turf, andc soihg:of the debts In tho schedule were balancs upon betting trans- actien. A-Mr Co noner PnMMrS stopped the ease by obsery. n tla-t the Protection Aclt wereo iever ntended for the !orewr eti cbmcor,ofufemo, wippit unt theis ia ordedtr. nereewithP u t heir ;Xbrt - beore,his outh cvMorl d wish theau ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ hel dbt -ThRe petltionwas dtiea.; .' . IN Bll IORZNZO nB?CzOo NOlTIO NONTNalnr, -.- CO17N2 DE SADIiIi opposed, and endeavoured.to showthat their' debts hi been ecutracted wlthoutreeonable expectaion of payment. The lecnd COneraOnWn, bhowever, thoug,ht theoeemlit. wer jo pod,ndcorngl; granted the ilsol-
WINAIR 4 &VZ= MIDLAND :m=Ur. ; _- - l TTnG}AL. ra v T T 'xilpownmonfor thistown"ad 6ounty werer opened ohL Sathrday before Mr. JustIc Cromnpton; and the )untuse of the anizse Wee coiwenejed this morning at 10 ThOOblnaafOr th Dny0ntains tienaineg of aix with Mawlxughter ; fbree-vith robbezr ,with violence and cne with not surrendering after an adjudication in *hie calenaar for e itown contaWus the names oE 11 priA aonrs ofwhm oe i cargd wthmanslaught6r; three the property of his meeter;. and the others with les agrvae lacne .
POLICR. AMMoI .xoU-.K. WilWi&m Nairn, merchant,, of I George.B*C 8tTri re_appealred before tho cheok for Sf. 6a. Cd. under the following rouma tanoesh clerk? table. e o l n ,rob Kr. lIokley Wood, ibe solicitor, appeared In support of thetolecuon, and Mr. Chippendale attended for the de- , Bmith ¢l4 ., wa sworn and said,-I am servant to my dlather,w o caries oh th buinesg ef a line manufactuaert No. 3, GoeOs-street, Bethnal-green. By his diroc*tlonlwent on SatrdaylttoMessm Barker and Co., in Watling-street, to reeive the check produced for 8f 2L 6d. At the time I was recelviug the check t'he defendant folowed me into thi' waehouse aud said tome "Iawantto speakt,oyou Mr.-Smith." Are waltedtiu I recived the ehek, *hn hefollowedmei the street and said, 0"You have been getting this check by false pretences. Lostead-of your getting-it it belorg to your fathe' ; ltors;.d I am one of them.' He called mne A- vAgabond pad a - thielf. Shortly afterwards, we ~e Mr. Munton. The defendant told him what Whd occurred, a and Mr. Kunton sid they had better lock me up. ir. Mutnton then ycmne on one side of me and the defendant on the other, and they took me to MfewrL Dodd and Co.'s warehouse In Arthur-streetwest. I beleve Mr. imu-ton is one of. that -firm. They walked me into A back room, and would not let me go home. They asked mes what I was going to do with the obeok~ ad I rephied that I was going to take it home to my mother. The door of the room in which I was was not loced or bolted-it was merely latched. They left me, but returned In a few miomentk and asked mo was I going to give -the chock tQ them or Was I going to belooked up., They'said, If I did ot give it up they woud either lock me up or put an attachment upon the check at-the Mnsionhouse. The defendant had previously asked rue If I would -cuethe check and gel 5h out of it. I declned to do Ih Itbentook th cbo out of my pocket, and Mr. Munton -wrote out* eoeb* TheIoBDP Yo-WJ rer I the receipt t Mr. Wood.-I donot pt the receipt i. The Lon M&YOP.- Why xbol you wish to dasus i oq.-I do not. The LonnD XYon-Then prodooe tho receipt immeMr. Wood.-I do not want to encumber the cse. The l.On 3&ydon-Nor do L I only rwant the truth. Mr. oodmn (cief lerk.-~h recIpis sgneud by G. H.Baten, and Isas fldowrs.- p d eb "11. A_thus-stree. Iceelsed bE 0L. 8MMIJtin. ,Oabeek for ZS Is. 6. of Riuker and Go.'wlz eoniasto over to Wr. E. Smit. hi, fMhI. when he a bRia M coc for 15, in the wessmm of Mi. Ka1re.'. Exsmination contlnued.-Mr. Patten was in the warehouse, and hetook the check out of my hand as I took the receipt out of his. The Lo ?n MAYoR-Why wAs Br. Patten not given Into Mr. WooL-I wu not Intructed In the case till 12 eclock to-day, when it was trausferred to me from anothee attorney. We are quiteprepared to give Mir. Patten Into custody) and Mr. Munton also, if necessary. Examination oontlhiued.-The defendant and Mr. 3iunton then took me home tomy fatber. The defendant called us vagabonds and thieves W- all four then proceeded tq the offioe of Kr. Gouldintg in Sun-street. Xy father and I afterwards went in seare of the defendant, and gave him Into caody at U o'clock at night at his residence. {e was admitted to baiL Tb LORu ATYORi-WjA your father insolvent? - Whes&-Yes, my Lord. Wr. Chlppendale.-lre filed his schedule on Frida last. The Lolr X&Yon.-Tlds Is a monwtrous proceeding. Mr. Wood.-Under the Protection Act the insolvent is entitled to collect the moneys due to his estate, and to hand them overto his ereditors; but the prisoner had no right to tke ti cheek from the witness. The LomA vYos-PxlAoner! I c&ll him defendant, xot_prisoner. Mr. Wood.-It is very immateriaL The LoRD z MAYoL-It is very material indeed Ir. Wood.-This Is a felonyj it is a feloious arrying away. The check is not the property of the creditors. The LoRD KAYOL-It it. The father was evidently endeavourng through the son to defraud the creditoruq The defendant takes from the witness a check, which he never uses, and he gives a receipt undertaking to produce It when neoessry. Where, then, is the felony ? W. Wood.-I call upon your Lordship upon this evidence to remand the prisoner. The LOns MAYor.-On wbat ground ? Mr. Wood.-This Is the property of the insolvent until hi cae has been adjadicated upon by the Court. He had a righttoo and coUeot his debts. He was acting under the direction of the assignee. The LoRD MAYon.-Where is the felony ? Mr. Wood.-I summe that If a man Is stopped in the sreet and frihtened into glving up a check it amounts to , felony. The ZoRD Mkyov_-Frlghtened nonsene I You trledl to make him say that the door was iocked; but he told you that it wa only latched. TisMis one of' the most monstrons prooeedings that ever came before me. (To the defendsnt,)-Yon stand there not as a prlisoner but as a defendant. I think you are entitled to the thanks of the ereditors for having protooted their property. You leave this court perfectly free from having had any felnious Intention whatever i this matter. Ithink the parties who ve you Into custody ought to be made answerabla for heir conduct It Is disgracefl for any solicitor to undertake such a case. Mr. Wood.-I am bound to undertake any case that Is brought to m3 The LORD MATOR-No, you are not; no respectable solicitor vould underake such a ese as this. An outburst of -applause followed the oncluding observations of the Lord Mayor, ana the defendant left the. court with his friends Bow.sTRxsr.-Henry 3forris, William Clark, Charles xtevens, and Johw Hughesn were charged with an qstenpt to take out a pane of glass from the window of a jeweller's shop in HerdtetSaostreet, Covent-garden; and aso on suspi- ionof being concoed in several robberies from jewlerl' ahgps, eife@ted in the same manner. hey wnere remanded for ferther evidenoe. ;rep YIErBo O-n W. . C."g has sent of. for the oor6 box. An acknowledgment in Mri Times was requested. WOs Htpsfrorr .-tdhsard Jack6on, oil and colourmkan in Lteonara-street, Shoreditch,viho ready stands committed for til together with hs nfe adamanamed Attwell forpicipating, a reeiver, inthe robbery of Lady a lles meres jews,was arogain bronght 5p before Mr. D'EBEyyco upon severd fresh charges, and was comnitted for trial for reopiving jeels and o propry stolen from Ge iss Manceyo knowg them to havebeon stolen. pg -Crxaunwx.n.--The sitting magistrate requested our repolertoacknowlemoge tho receipt of the sum of 2s. 6d. whitrach-I arskoing orj sK omebreatd, andtiwhoi -woreredy tob,rvde ihfo4 n a discharged. ne«r~~~~~~~~a Gnn xwxctO cE,leye s Hartley, described as agre's of the pamengers. - . .
-THE Erx - A S BvIC-A mumerous a.I InuUenal dett0t4nOE ly meer of ihthhe thur of Eng. lnd wited on., the Arbhop of Canterbuy o da afternoobl reterOen to thet ntInhibitionot preaching by clerymen Ofthe istablihd ehurhInExeter T zecepton took place In the libra at Lambeth Pal. b AnongItrmepre t we observed :-The Farl o btf S rZ lr s wh"innxaof the Spal Sevies Comiittee; Lord Admiral Sir H o AmrlVennH cOurt, Sir B. BnXtc2,M T' 'CAdmrt anbumoy inn M.P.; Mr. T. Fowell Buxton -jlionCa! MNade, RX-, Mir. B.C.1I. B.an, Mr,. C. K voAn, Va Akurnder Hal. dane, Mr. JaTme aish, IAeutewnnt-Oolonel Sotheby Mir. W. J..Maxwell, Mr. JobaL Pperlzg Mr. John Bzllanoc, Dr. A.. Crawford Mr. John Trotter!,1 TallKBkei, jMr. DODSl. sm, Ir. G V. oAphutI r. G"abmMr., J. xeadowsX Q.C.; Mr. WllbrshamTaylor, lomu scetr of §TWMal Servioes Co0mIttsei. The Earl of Shaftesb_ tfir reading a number o letters from geatlmen unable to attend) explained at the obect of the dePutationwa to ob. taen the coUnsel and advice of his Grace under the eircumstances broght abott by the Rev. A. G. Edouwt prohibition; The noble earl dwelt with much emphasig on the fact that while Bomanism, Mormonism, or oAer forms of false doctdne, might be preached In blile hall without legal 'hldranc, It was only the tzn. gelical clera of the church of Englnd, filled with trth, who were xubject to have their znouths thus stopped by the irre1pondile at of anincambent. He adverte to the effect of this anomalous state of things in enabling opponent of the established c,hurch to point to such restriots inhawayIhzkmwlsl g tochurebmen. Hemut, however bea ,his tem'onytotheereditble conduct of the Noncorifo an the present ocasdon. n ootinuing the speoial erries to the working dlae th hAd' adopted ourI itny, and held themselv r to ender the hall when the , ginl promoters c l the pLn might be at tlbetty to Meoccupy16 . Heeoncluded by expressing an earnesm hone for the removal of the exting hindrance, se that withfn the four sloo the "'Word of God might have free coure and be slofid The Achbshop mid, In reply, that heregretud s much as any of the deputation the eircumstances 'hicch had brought them ther, and the dliffliulties to which " we, were subjectedin the prsent iaanes He ued the word "we" advisedl hto show how-he dntified himsef withthe movement. e felt, however, the neooesity of uhold. ing the prindple of thepaochalystem, which undoubtedly prevented a ulergymen oamegamJng in any technical sense in a paih without the consent of the incumbent. He had no doubt tt Mr. Edonat had acted on the known law in this reNqect, and he (the Archbishop) felt the difficulty of alterng a Keneral law to meet a parIcular cas; but It was an asurd thing to apply a general law of thst kind to A cas which had noet been foreeen, and he oould not believe that sah meetigs ag thoe in I,eterhall oould be ega d - interfering with parochial order. HOe& o0ft&me i'n t'hbs iew by tbte fact that at a meeting of 30 meiropolUtan clergymen, to whom Yr. EdouarInten. tion to'interfere had been oade known before it was carried out, they all, after dlouuloe, came to the conclusdon that specl services in pls such as Exeter and,St. Martins HlsT did not oome within the oope and intention of the existing laW. With regard to the 1ill which the noble ear (Shaftesbury) had introduced into the House of Lords, he (tho Archbshop) had not had the opportunity of consulting I rihutrer,brethren onthe sbject, and it would, there. fore, he premature to expres an opinion further than that, on the whole, he agreed in its principle. After some observations of a oonvrsatonal chaacter between his Grace tandd members of the depuLtationL the interview terminated. ~ ~ ~ heinerio TEZ Lnour. Trr A! XNCurSmn.- yesterday mosinng 'the ablebodled ppers o the crump Farmi of the Manchester Bo=rd oE Gu&rdiv, to the number of 200 Or 2, strck Work and marched in a b6dy to M oanceser, in order to seek an interview 'Wit the Mayor. They #cm afterwards induced, haowver, to wait upon Mr.- Rickardl, chairman of +he board Of guardians, tad Mr. Hrdel, oe of the guardian,4 at the bard wroo, 'whenr they Proceeded to sa the b givanoes that h led to the stike. One of their h 3vnces WSa tht the fArm bailiff ofa withhlrd from them a liberty-day once a-week, and had spoken harshly to them. They also complae that thear hours of labeUr were not Wel defined so to the times of commencing and leaTvng off The me behaved well and stated their te, temmpertey. Mr. Rickards (After consultation with Mr. Hdiffrenal) alme the men that in futue the hours of labour shotid he su5il ently defined by means of a placd poted upon the farni ann sid the terms as to liberty-days were that every man working five clear days xhoumld ha entitled to a libert.y-day. The guardians would endeavour to asertain the best liberty.day, for the different trades Re amsured them that while the workidt aiusee were safferinig lie also met mnany person ont the Ex nnewho-ha. anlfired severe reverse6of fortune as well atbemaeve, andi advised them not to make public demonstrations, woih could lead to no good. At the conelusion of his addrewQse men thanked the gurdian for their roepteonot their oamojalnta, and retired, expresing themselves highly satisfied with the relt. tAdvertIsetent,] -Now ready, price 11. 1l Gd., tloth tile. '"Te Ar.c,,,l o,5. nIbste recesS7 of tbaFIe Art the Azt Indusrat and the Arth ot DeI andmufture. Th leotaODnsb 36e eng SraT n of IWhIch2s3 we r.Ie from Mtoreagn the Roya e e mdiesl esoflmdeln spue V :ac aboao,ut o eaopd ugsn eoe t ofibe woks of 3&itsh arstMs, an numoeMos 0nmrasoeof the noeame at- the TheltvrroDu=%MNeAoC2vlx a " ord.o the logrm fanot&u4 atanacueat home ant abroa. London, ad &Vkw and r , wt byA Hs3J 8.tv an 0. APWDAso [&4vertistemnt.I]-% nb ffe author ' "aIr. Ans,"1ithree..i. YoU aowdo allathe l "Dhe jy elaeZilmtfatheaMet tasehaesat. n e ajebnd. Tbe-U-1, ondt U nt, Srr exeuted. cobeJS YI 'e,*. CJ wocdd 'ce entltled to n ~h4b a. thmgase,wueI h wi ani sIrbsemohc.
,SMITHFIELD CLUB COATL BROW. If the members of thisclub do not discove aonie nore spacious building than the present Bakerstreet Crriage Bazaar, or else open their hearts, after the Midland Society's example, and erect a commodious exhibition-hall for themselves, the period seems theatening to arrive when either the vidtors or the aniumal must be admitted by a aystem of relayx and rotation. The present show-yard, 'improved as it has been, Is already too confined to do jurtice to the enormous display of fat stock aad implements; unable to entertain the throngs of town idghtseers with comfort, much les to afford the grazier or his customer full scope for displaying or eminig an. animal; while in the galleries there is scarce elbow-room among that impawable accumulation of mills and chaff-cutters. Yet the show is farmed out to the proprietor of the plaee for four years to come, and the club, instead of resting in their present scale of operations, are of course endeavouring to widen their influence and enlarge their prospective collectio pf anial, by invitng clases of cattle hitherto neglec*ed, and heightening the attractions of their . prize-sheet. There is ground-room enough -belonging i to the present building to admit of conuiderable enlargement, but even were this effected at great oest, the prewsre would soon again be felt n consequence of the growigg mag,nitude of the show. There is our vast Metropolitan. Cattle-market, with ample space for the erection of a nobIe exhibition-hall; and why might not the Smithfield Club prize animals be ihown simultaneously, or nearly so, with that largest and finest thow of fat beef and mutton, our " Christman market ?" The club are realy laying out for larger operations, for we are no longer to have an exhibition of the few pet breeds, with his Royal Highnes and Mr. Heath rt i Devons and Herefords, the Duke of =fEomrt, Earl Spenoer, Lord Leigh, and Mr. Stratton triumphant among the xhorthorns, hc.; bat, taking a step with the times, the list this year comprises separate classes also for the longhorns, IScotch horned, Scotch polled, Irlsh, Welsh, Norfolk or Sufiblk, and Sussex cattle, and alw.cross and mixed breeds, besddealthe usual clas for extra atock. While the Devons, Hereforda, aud ahorthorns have lour clames each, the croms breeds have three, and the other breeds two classes each, the frt three descriptions of cattle being apportioned 4051. worth of prizes and 12 silver mredals; and the others, which (excepting the cotc, Wels, rsh, and c were last year obliged to compete in a general pure-breed class), have 3151. and 17 medals for their share. At the present show we have 43 shorthorn,, 36 Hlereford;, 32 Devons, 8 cross breedf, and 57 other cattle-a total of 174, being an iucrease of 33. There are 130 sheep, or an increase of 34; and 59 pigs, or an increae of 18; making a total of 363 entries-85 more than last year. It will be remembered that last year the cattle clases were more noted for their even character and general excellence than for any marked preemninence of individual animals; the shorthorns were uncommonly fine, Mr. Stratton's cow being, perhaps, the beat animal in the yard; the Verefords, meritorious as a whole, comprised no specimens equal to some of former years; and the Devons, though well repre-.nted, surpassed previous shows rather for their substance than their beauty. On the present cocas ion there are fewer ipecmiens of extravagant fatness than we have had iu many former years, btut, instead of a few such obese marvels, there is more general exceUlence, and mot an inferior animal to be found. The Devona, as a whole, maintain their fame for beauty and quality, and have lets of the oharacteristic defect of hindquarter that was formerly universal among them. And here, as at Birmingham, compactly formed though small animals have, 1y their quality, carried the day against aize and weight. His Royal Highneas the :Prince Consort takes a first prize for a very beautiful heifer, atid a s3cond prize for a ateer rwhich, though well fed, has narrow hindquarters and is in seversl points of inferior merit to the Earl of Leicester's steer, which has been awarded the * third prize in the same class. His 1Poya1 Highness's. ox is a particularly good beat, with extraordinrily fine rounds of beef and nice quality of flesh. Mr. Y. Overrman's prizo steer is very perfect in form, very dleep, with a full breast and line head. Oaf the HEcrefords the oxen are exceedingly good, end the cows still more remarkable. Mr. Heath's prize steer has an irmensely long frame, and is well Meshed, but is a less imposing animal than has won the ame honour at former meetings. Hs Royal Highness's second prize steer is straight, compact, and heavy, but not particularly handsome. Mr. *Shaw's prize ox has a frame of great breadth, and is well covered with meat of splendid quality. The six Hereford cows exhibited here were rl1 at Birmingham, and the prize cow at that show not being here, the second now takes her place. The short-horns have come up better than at Birmingham, and both the gold medals have been won by this breed, instead of being shared as heretofore with a Hereford or a Devon. The steers or oDxen form a very fine class, comprising some wonderfully good animals. MIr. Wortley's prize ox has been justly awarded the gold medal of the show. This animal is very level, of a finely cylindrical compact shape, and beautifulpronelyicns,nand exceedingly handsome. :Eis girth is 9 feet, and length about 6 feet, indicating a welght of some 130 stone imperial; bult splendid as he is, we must say that oxen of a more noble and majestic appearance have appeared in former years. Mr. Wortley is also suoccesful In another class, taking the third prize for a cow in an extraordinarily Wone class; and it is gratifying to learn that this gentleman, a breeder as well as feeder, has never ibefore contested at Baker-street. he county of Rutland was at one timne invincible at these shows; and 'We are glad to see that its stock has in no way lost Its olden character. Mr. Baker's white heifer is of bIeautiful form and quality, and doubtless considerable dicusqsion will arise upon the correctness of the judge's decision in leaving her not only without the prize that in the opinion of many she ought to have had, but without even a commendation. Of Colonel Towneley'x unsurpassed cow, successful first at Chelmsford as a two-year old, then at Salisbury as a cow in milk, then at York, at Durham, at Birmningham, where she won the gold medal, and lastly here, where she is simnilarly victorious, we cannot speak too highly; she is a model of excellence, and all the more meritorious that she Is not too fat to display her perfect symmetry and handsomeness. 3indeed, it is a feature of the present exhibition, that the meat is in a more edible and profitable condition than has been too often the case. The Sussex breed of cattle have come up En good force, and are of better character than they have yet appeared, while all are 'val'uable, Mr. Smith's prize heifer might compete for beauty of proportion and nice quality with any Devon. The Norfolk and Suffolk polls are feebly represented. The long-horn clases comprise some 'veri favourable specimens of a breed generally too lak and big-boned. Among the Scotch cattle Mr. Goodman's ox is wonderful for his deep frame and evident strength of oonstitution The Marquis of Downshire also exhibits a good West Hghland; and the Duke of Beaufort takes a prize for his West Highland heifer. Mr. HIeath's Aberdeen Sw ;R an exceedingly good animal, and is specially notable as being the beast shown at Poissy Fat Cattle Show, and yet deprived by the authorities there of the lionoursawarded to him. The breeder of this ox being unknown, and some of the "pointa" beingsunerior to those usualy attained by thisbreed, certinzisa pointed competitors protested against the judges award, alleging that the aniaf was not of pure breed, but a cross between Scotch and Short-horn However, Mr. Heath has at last been fully acquitted of the implied charge of false certifying, and the judges at Baker-street have properly given him the first prize. Coonel Pennant's Welsh ox is very good. The cross or mixed breed make an exeellent show * and the extra stock classes are exceedingly meritoriom. The euripity of the show is a Short-horn steer in Class 10, high-standing above all other cattle, and in frame tremendous like a maimoth; but of course inferior in flesh and beauty. The pride of the sheep classes last year was Mr. Walmaey's pen of Leicesters, and the short-woolled clasEes were especially good, the Duke of Richmconds and Lord Walsiigham's Downs having been he beat shown for many years. On this occasion they poess the quality, beauty and just proportions of ±ormeryears. We think the pecimensof rossbreeds have gained grftt6r uniformity andpreseat most admiratble outlines; as individua animals msny of them are of sulpassing beauty, such as we could Scarcely have anticipated three or four years ago. The pre-eminent breed of South Downs are as handsome and large in fme as Over, The Ieicesters are exceedingly good) aQC we saw some beautiful specimens-such beauty in countes- I nance and form is sedom seen. Mr. F6ljamrbe'sI axe nearlpefection; Lord Bernera' pen of Longwools are admirably proportioned, and pomess very hbndsome " looks." The Royal College at Ciien6eeter sent some large specimens of Cotswolds,. but Xi. Hewer's being more equal in frame tae the firit Erize. These we havebeen. led to consider the tWue ngwool. Here we find Longwoolgand Leicesters inthesamecasconstitatlngscnylongwooledbreed." The Duke of iUchmonnd Is again eminently suocesul in South Downs, carrying off the two first pris In classes 35.36, and the third prize in Class 37. The Earl of Radnor also occupies a good position in. the 35th and39th classes; LordWalsingham, Mr. Rigden, and Mr. J. Rent are the other fortunate winners. The classes of pigs comprise 40 pens of three each,. and 19 single specimens in the Extra Olass. They. constitute in number a splendid show, but by no means superior to those of former years in quality, Indeed, we have seent e pr4e .nd e t better singlespecimeps. . Th'e re , oi afew' that ste,k us as being of e xfr nord chuctar,; fiJiei in fatness or porcine beauty. yMr. -or 4'sre very superior pens, quite equalling the 'weight and correct ,proportion of our best years. Mr. Boxlez's pen deserves our shighest praise. Sir J. B. Mills showss a very good pen, as do also D£r. E. h. Betts and Sir WilliamBootb, all of whom taLk prizes. The implement department has grown in extent and importance untl the number of exhibitors to more than half what it is at the Royal Agricultural Society's meetings-all our well-known makers bringiDg specimens of their invention and workmanmnanship, and trnsaciing a large amount of busines 'with a concourse of customaers from every part of the kingdom. Thus we see in their usual array below stairs the portable steam-engines and combined thrashing machines of Tuiford, Clayton and Shuttlewortk, Hornaby, Garrett; Ransomei and Sims Cambridge, Barrett anad EsalJ, and other firm. In the galleries we have an imense assortment of ever possible kind of tool mil, churn, pump, fencmg or fitting, available -n the field, farmery, or rural household,-itcluding the reapin -nachines of Croskill, Dray, and Burgess and Key ; the drills of Hornaby, Reevee, and Garret Ransome's and Howard's plou hs, Bentall's and Coleman's cultivators, Croikil s and Cambridge's clodcrashers, Busby's carts, Smith and Ashby's haynakers, Samuelson's turnipslcer, Wedlake's oatbruizer, Fry's pulper, Reevil s cheesennaking apparatus, Clayton's tile and brickmaking machinery, seed samples and specimen stals of Lawson, Skirving, Sutton, and Gibbs, and numberless articles by these and other manufacturers whose names we have not space to enumerate. We mBut not omit a mnention, however, of the Royal Dublin Society's specimens of roots, cereals, pulse, wool, and butter, contributed by various landowners and agrioulturiBto, as being remarkably interesting evidencm of the productive power of the " Siter Isle." The entire arrangements of the Show are very complete and satisfactory; but we wish the Sraithfield Club were in a poution to adopt the Binningham plan of having one five-shillPng or halfcrown day for the comfortable reeeption of visitors whose support sdesirable, and for allowing the press more than two hours in which to master the details of the show. The followingis the award of the judges *- CATTLBE-DzvoNs. Class L-First prlze of 251. to Mr. JohnOverman, of urnham Satton, near nnham.market,Norf£lk,andsUvermedI to the breeder, Mrs. Clarke, of Burnham-market; second prize of 101. to His Royal Highness the Prince Consort; third prize of U. to the Earl of leloester, of HEolkham, near Wells, Norfolk. Class 2.-First prize of 261. to the Earl of Ieicesier of Holkham, near Wells, Norfolk, and sdlver meda as breeder; second prize of 101. to Mr. W. Heath, of Ludhamball, nar Norwich; third prize of U1. to Mr. E Hine Ball, of Elankrldge-farm, West Monkton. near Taunton. Cl1 3.-First prize of 15. to His Royal Highness the Prince Consort, and silver medal to the breeder, Mr. J. Hole, of Knowle-house, near Danster, Somerset; second prize of S. to ZIr. W. Farthing, of Stowey-court, near Blridgewatr. Class -Flrst prize of 201. to Mr. J. Coate, of Hammoon, nea Blanuford. Dorset, and silver medal to the' breeder, Mr. Edward Boncht, of Jews-fam, Wiieliscoiabe; second prize of 101. to Mr. J. EZ67ey, of 3tooldey Pomeroy,' near Crediton, Devonx; 'third prlze of 51. to Mr. "J. C. Halse, of iolland, near SouthMolton, Devon. HUREFORnS. Class 5.-First prize of 2Q. to Mr. W. Heath, of Ludhamhail, near Norwich, and silver medal to the breeder, Mr. William Stedman, of Beditone-haJL near Aston on Clunn, Salop; second prize of 10 I to Hi Royal Highnesss the Prince Consort; third prize of 5& to Mr. John Naylor, of Leighton-hall, near Welshpoo1, Montgomery Cla 6.-First prize of 2. to Mr. John Shaw, of Hsn. buryhlll, near Northampton, and silver medal to the breeder, Mr. Richard Shley of Bancott, Shropshire; second prize of 101. to Mr. W__ Heath of Ludhaux-hall, near Norwich; third prieof 51. to the Marl of Dainley, of Cobhba-hall, near Gravesend. Class 7.-First prize of 151. to Mr. Henry Higgins, of Woolaton Grange, near Lydney, Glocester, Iand sver medal to the breeder. fr.Wlliam Raester, of Withlngton Court, near Hereford; second prize of 51. to Mr. Samuel Walker Urwick, of I3nthall Starlcs, near Ludlow. Class8.-First prize of 201. to Mr. Edward Thomaw, of Colebatch, near Bishop's Castle, Salop, and silver medal as breeder; second prize of 101. to Mr. Bichard Thomas, of Ryton, near Dolrzgton, Salop; thirprize of U1. to SE. John Naylor, oftLegbton.hu, near Welshpool. SHORT HoRNs. Class 9.-First prize of 251. to Mr. R. Lynn, of Stroxton, near Grantbam, Lincoln, and silver medal as breeder; second prize of 101. to Earl Spencer, K.G., of Althorp, near Northampton- third prize of 51. to Mir. J. Stratton, of Msanningford bruce, neat Pewsey, Wilts. 1 Cl F .-First prize of 251. tolir. E. Wortley, of Rid. lingion, near Uppiaghamj, Rutland, and silver medal as breeder i second prize of 101. to Mr. W. de Capell Brooke, of Geddmgon Grange, near Kettering; third prize of 51. to 3Mfr. H.L Roberta, of Parford, near MIoreton.lnMa-h, ClaS IL-First prize of 15L to Mr. T. Phillips, of Ardlugton, near Wantage, Borks and silver medal to the breeder, Mr. R. Stratton of Br9m Hinton, ncar Swindon; second prize of 51. to the Earl of }eAnor, of ColeshillUhocse, near aringdon, Berks. Class 12.-First prize of 201. to Lieutenant.Colonel C. Towneley. of Towneley, near Burnley, aIncaster, and silver medal as breeder; recond prize of 10. to Sir T. Whichoote, of Aswarby-gan-k. near Flkingham, Lincoln ; third prize of U1. to Mr..zm. Wortley, of RIdlinglon, near UJppiagham, SussEX BP-mm. Class 13.-First prize of 201. to Mr. E. Cane, of Berwicicourt, near Lewes, and silver medal as breeder; second prze of 101. to Mr. C.a eame and SOnS, of Selling, near VPavebam, Kent. Class 14-First prize of 101. to Mr. T. Smith, of Beokley, near Staplehurst, Eussex, and silver medal as breeder; second prize of 5& to Mr. C. Nesme and Sons, of Selling, near Faversham, Kent. NORFOLK OB SrOnX POLLEDn BRM. Clas15.-First prize of 101. to Lord Sondes, of Elmham. hall, near Thetford, Norfolk, and silver medal as breeder; second prize of 51., no competition. Class 16.-First prize of 101. to Mr. G. D. Badham, of the Sparrows'-nest, near Ipswich, and silver medal as breeder; second prize of 51., no competition. LONG HORNED BBMn. Clss17.-First prize of 101. to Mr. R..EH. Chapman, of 'Upton, near Nuneaton, Warwick, and silver medal to tioe breeder, the late Mr. S. Burbery, Wroxall, near Warwick; second prize of 54, no competition. Class 18.-First pprize of 101 to Mr. J. lclland BuDbery, of the Chase, Kenrlworth, Warwick, and dlver medil to the breeder, the late Mr. S. Burbery, WroxaD, near Warwick' second prize of 51. to Mr. J. Jackson Burbery, of Itook, near Ashby-de-la.Zouch, Leicester. SCOTCH HRNE1D BREED Class 19.-First prize of 201 to Mr. A. Goodman. of Willow-hall, near Thorney, Cambridge, and silver medal to the breeder; scond prize of 101. to 3 T. Duckworth, of Park-fanm, Finotley, u oBddleseL u C:last 20.-1;rst prize of 101. to the Dukce of Beau- fort of Badminton, near Obippenhamn, Wilts,, and silver medal as breeder; second prize of 51. to Mr. J. Naylor, of Leighton-hall, near 'Welshpool, Montgomery. SCOTCH POrET Baxr. Class 2L-First prize of 201. to Mr. W. Heath, of Ludham-hall, near Norwich, and silver medal to the breeder; secnd prize of 10. to Mr. W. M'Comble, of Tillyfour, near Aberdeen. IaiSn BRnrz Class 24.-FIrst prize of 101. to the Earl of Dtrnle", Cob. ham -bal, near Gravesend, and silver medal to the biceder; second prize of 51., no oompotition. WErmi BREED. Cla 25.-First prize of 201. to the Hon. Colonel Pennant, Of Pearhyn Castle, near Bangor Carnarvonshiie, and silver medal to the brTeeder, Mr. °R. Evans UTrs .r ..,narBngor; second prime of 51. to Mr. L. Williamson, of GreeBnhii, near Pembroke. Class 26_-Prjz6 of 101. to Mr. T. B. Bennett, of Bee. worth-grange, near Ruxgby, sad silver medal to the breeder. CROSS Ox 3D;mx BEsZE. Clas 27.-Firstprize of l5. to the Marl of Eadnor, of Coleshbiihouse, near Farlngdon, and allver medal anbreeer . second prize Of 101. to lieutenaut.C0OUn1 Charles Towneley, of owneey, near Burnley, Lancaahre. Cln 28.-First prize of 151. to Lor. ]R. Thomaf, 'of Ryton, near Doirington, Salop,an sivrmdlote breede, Mr..T. K.Smithnear Shrewsbury ; woo, nar outampon.H. ans ofAvon 'Farm, Riing Clas 2.-riz o 10. t te Dkeof Beanfort, of Wad minton, near a~~~ 3nd silver meda mas- SUEEP.-Loiza.WooLMi BREE. Clas 3.-FrstPrize Of 204 to Mr. G. S. Foliambe, eof Clas 3,-Frstprie o 20,. o LrdBerners, of Key- 1hope*-aUl, near elocethrj and ,fiyr e second tnze'0f 3M. to Mr. R. N.wniami -of Eoirt& near e or; thrd pize f 51. to Mrz, (Q.?6. Foliambe, of Osberton-haU,near Worksj ottghmsje n Cla 3.-First pize of 16t to Mr. G. Me, of Se hatoy, near HBedford, Witsd r. ndsiver meWnr ed al' as prize o f n104 thd pr 3ze of 1W.Ktothe. of allatoi; jjra wellegb, Crebeshe; third prim e of 51., toMr . etirJ%o Bd Bdenhatn,ne ar 11dford. . I zd o Class 3.-lrst prize of 151. to Mr. J. Ovne,man of Oakletyo, near Bedfrd,andale mdla M1 ree0Zder;a seionr wedoosubre;dhr-e prn e of Si. n t M r. C . Howf d, o f denha nhear Bdford,. Clas Xr -Ts prizet- off 101. to M.3 Ovem n of B urn-D malabree-ecdpreofS. to W..C Bo.ar, of SHORT WOOLLED BAxMs. Clam 359-First prize of 101. to the Duke of BJmlo d. KA.,, of Goodwood. noAr Chihebuter, and slveor oda]. as4 breeder - econd prim eoflIOl to! the -Earl of Radnor ed~ CIl.Md-ki.bose, near Faringdon ; ithlz przim of 5.to Mr.. W. IigdA of Bove,-near Brighton. Clas 36.-First prize of 104 'to the Duke of. Rihmond, IG., of Goodwcod, near Chich,stes and sUive me las breeder.;ebond p0rikzeof 5f to K aS4 3i t o nearChiebdinter. 7'i' : - .- , -... :' ClaS.-~rstprime 'of320Lto theAlarlof -MadnoFf'ot .Coles xousge, es rgCea breeder; aecondtprize of 10Lto I eord Wappighan, R. ton.Bh1l, -near Th etord, -oof Duke of Richmond, KLG., of Oowc,a1lIer SHORT WOOLnXD B SEEDPS, XOVZWXG SoUTMWJS. Clm 38.-Firat prlaeof =1i W. J. Sharp. of Ren. am neaz Herley.on-Thame es and -ilvrd medoal to-the Jree, r . Figgott, -of Harrow-farm. Froxfieli, near HCOge ora-second prize of 101. to Mt. J. T. F. gain, of oThe dlver meJaltor ser eStookbridge. eante; th ir prG. of S i. to W.b B. O rit, of Chhll eden, Wo ear s Sno- C1.ai 39-Fis priZe of 101. to M1r. -G. XB Morlaod, Of 'ChIton Farm, nearAbingdou, BeA4s, and silver medIal s breeder;, secnprize of Ui. to M r. G. H. Baskeop b, of Mnor-house,' Chlnsehurst, Kent. C las 40.-First prize of 101. to M.W LBre,o Suuninghlll.welI, Berkshire, and silver medalas breeder; second prize of 51. to WL 3. B. Mill Bart,~ Of TKot Ziaoi Abbey, ~near Ilomsey, Southampton.. Clas 4L.-Second prize of Si. to Sir W. Booth, Bartwr, of Wood ury-allI near St. Neot's. . Cls 42-First urize of 101. to Mr. G. B. Mforlnd,, of Chilton-Farm, near Ablngd6bn, Berkshir, and silvermedal as breeder ;soond prize of Si. to Wr. E. lb. Bette, of Presown-hall near Maldstone. GOLD) XEDAW,.CATnY. The goldmcdaltothe best ateerorox inanyof the clamse to Mr. E. Wortley, of Ridlington, near Uppingham,~ Rutland. The gold medal to the beat heifer or cow in any of the classe to IAeutenant-Colonel C. Towneley, of Towneley, near Bumuley, LAncashire. SHEEP. The gold meda to the best meu of long-woolled sheep in any of the classe to Lord Beriers, of Keythorpe.hal, near Liesmter. The.-gold medal to the beet pen, of one year old,short. woolled shepI the 35th, .36th or 38th classe to the Duie" Of Biemod, K.G., of Goodwrood, near Obiohester. -XTRA. STOCK. Th#silver meda to the best beast to his Royal Hlgmess the Prince Consrt. The silver medal to the heat long.woollod wether sheep to Lord Berners of Keythorpe-hall,nonrLeicester. The silver medal to the beBt long-wooUled ewe to Mr. C. J. Bradshaw, of Alstoe.houso, Burloy-on-the-hill, near Oakbman. The silaver mesdal to the best short.woolled wetlie sheep to the Duke of IRichmond, KLG., of C4oodwood. The silver maeda to the best short-woolled ewe to Mr. G. S. Foliambe, of Osberton-hal1, near Worksop, Notting. hamsblre. The silver medal to the best erow-bred sheep to Mr. A. C. Keep, jof Wollaston, near Wellingborough. The silver medal to the best pig to Mr. W. Davey, -inn., of Bampton-street, Tiverton, Devonshire.
EAST MffDIA COLLaGX, HMAr.BBURAY. The half-yearly examination of the students of ths ollege took =pl - eaterday in the library of theinAtittion. The p gs were invesed with a morethan usual decree of interest in consequence of thisbein the last occon on which the Diectors of the Eat India om. pany will be emuowered to exercise the functions of examiners. .By the irovislons of the Act of Parriament" some. what erroneousy called the "Charter," the sm of nominAtion to appointments in the civil service in India is from this time abolished, and the competitive system wll henceforth prevail. Tbhs Circumstanoe, in connexion with the recent momentous events in Indi, attracted together a very large attendance of thi friends of. the students And of gentlemen who were more or leas interested in the wel. fare of that portion of the Brltlsh emp ire. The eainina. tions-were presided over by Mr. IL D.Mangles, chairman qf the Cour of Directors- the other members of the Court yrewsnt being-Sir F. furrie, Sir H Wlllocc, KLS., Sir W. M0% lr.;E M1abnaud1ito, Mfr. W. 3. Eastwlck, azd Mr., T. . AsteL Among the islAtor_there Rere-.the LoaBldsbotofLondon, "the Marquis Toviwhusbn,'SirMf yMhar - P. Mr.Nisbet, M.i.P, Mr. -Aldermau'Cop6. lan, M.P., Admiral Camar, Colonel Plo*den, ao. The report of the Public Examiner. and Inspector of Studies having been read by Mr. EfoopEn, medals, prfzes, and other honourabIe distinctions were awarded ty the chairman to the following students who had passed their fourth termo andwr a bout to leave the college . and > lsliD inmwA in roliticaiNoomy Bes r.EgJ df.u.e;with mnedals In PLaw, and pezdu stn:sdpisnIn Matbe,ati ana Wghd ilt IsPessan, and Ub HuDita-H usbig distingished: wih meal s intmaut a Gan-si, and eLsUg angd, prizes InWoitlal s for tbeo bo t angdth andElalco, andpitiDgslued with plize in Telu Dectmber, 1857 Inu?t Claws.-Bermard, .ce raug Lleeond -11i,tcguishe, Md, 1t Olplhnt Math eaundetis.. Pint (w.- utaelbns . G iarret . Hathaway, PeUewl se uant m-imo Pea,Xpanta, a.&, ta et Ae Rusiph er-wDy , Liall, ws . Man hem, c :Kear THE Efl}AL TtAEX OP STuDENTs QU1TGTO PCOLEED TO Dbahhecntemb ther statat number of Ters, I.o whm ae t taie ahkbelow the preoedling. teooua -na ane, l*b. 4 Orecnd - end. TIhird Lu,-6:myth, Huntor. The CEl- havlng diatribute d the pr zes awaarded to the different competitors, accompanied with eMeooae.x and complimenear remarh, ddressd the following obser vations to the students --Gentleren, tbin Is a somewhat melancholy oIcrlon upon wtdch we are met, aed I feel that I have a painful duty to perform i bul; It is due to you to iy that the hrepoht of the prinhpal and profeesors shows that yoa have done your utmoat to mitigatb the re. gret we feel at parting with you, wvith those axound and I may at onoe say with this 1g seeld. (Cleers.) Yoar conduct is eported tohavebeen excellent during the term thath s pawed. You Lave a1lbied Koueaves diligently to your studiezi so dilgently that am apry to observe It has been thought dre to yu tha a rager number of prizes than usual should be awarded In order ht aln parties tnit receive their aopr deserts. Genray, therefore, I rad y ssey te fhellInA term vios tone the stue ff not the ey best, that hs a somedwh since this inastio uon h ic bee ar fonded. (CheersIfl thIt with deep reguet I nopr announce to iou that thos is thelat thme eport oh i therincaispa ne. Iprotfieonr er asot ygrounds,for it yaonaruabt m et thati ga-the re Chagrmanof the lat India Compant yho w hedutoted within tuese , &114 and Imthat I non happenye isShe lasl Chaient who d int preside over its proceedi.gs. I owa e a p debt of grattude ito the stym of education formta in deers eoege. I came r ere, I m fyv, an tdle bot from one bEs the largest echools tnh Enhgsh, and it was here that I reoeaved tue orst sthtmulus to emu lation. The sy7stem of examintions and awarding of Irlesould not fai to exciteafeeling of strongemau,tor elastb youthful mind, such at le . wm its refect on me. But I feod a faf stronger reare on publec grounds, becaut I ai-permaded thasitId isto the Cnloement of wthedintelldgithinc tse wpal, andto the A niolus givenby the etdeatist the bas reeled t th ailee,that th&inambers of tbe chair,lman n who willpreside o Imost dpsteingsuied thema selves in every stage of public life may trace -their! charactc and habdts of fegaite t eI ssot on thiseocaion refrdn from oluding to a sh e honour hinher which has been donftrred upon that serice daring the grst crsis which te nowtiokn, Thn stmInde Iwouldehitiblyos anawardin words lhicd noave fallext ,rom the lips of the Quemn with regad to that merVi She has coualed thee in her RoBu speech with gheir mUitary o brethren, and theyI ap deserved th be E0 united, for they haem stood th Inder gn sh palder tdath them in every msene ob danger, and Asti than t high civil moral courage wrhich is a muerue and a mnore valuAble quslity Lban mere rrdtau vlrtze. v.hich Is I 'crnst common to our race. (Chemr.) I ahoMl like on this occsion to mention the nates of a fewe members of this coIlege who have mpeoally distnguished them. selves durene the, I hope I inay may, tsat chis. I wihat f firat seauk o a most valued foend, nor no hiors, who dicd in the d uponrge of his duty-I alltde gt my distinsichdis friena mIT, John Colv,'n, .ieuteniant-Governor of ea North We stekn Plovinces of Indiu A more pak a-tepirited public Pervant, or a mnan more devoted to pi ublic woyr or more fealons io tdvancing the geoo anw honoar of the Government he represent, nevier e alsted e In him the Goveirnment of Ina has nstaind ean awlost irrepdrablt-lobs, for the,f these disturbances shall have patd gy rivnowl oa no man whocan iake mosr rar in reorganiliag those North-Weatenm disricta v The niext, batt second to none, arho should be epolen at, is Sir Jotrs comrenoe. (Couere (Ceers . can one spela in on tisent toras of eulogy of tsenh a moAn, hoo af ner God'es good Pzovideneo may h wel be called the Sdvioter of India ui (Che, I belIema tha tyo himp more tis. to Inthe discharygled of heisj dty-I allude to my dsigishoed frind thr.fe John Colvi whletuatoerofhe North-YetmPifne,I public bevat, or3 ia mceranmaneet1iloredevte to hspbi utiy oer more w ealous indate daingthe good, ando* hoorof tlllhoe,- Governmentt h,e rpresented, nevar3 existd. I him he Gvernmnt o Indathsssanda almstireprabe-os, orwhe tes dstrbance hl past, Ir w ahich he has beeni nableI to achieve all this (CheersK aIf hls joversmentl ad not beenequally just and ffe ha not on for himlf the afiecu4tos of the people, who must have felt him to be a iust and good raler; hneeculd hs denuded so great a provinoe, and which had been so lately conquerd, of those troop. which he st to edhi -reat- ndeed, mutt haYe been the InflueunC whih he gained oer the Sis An oflicer xpeaking of the siege of Arrah sid that a Sikh offioer, who was engaged in that hadeg sn or eight British wounds on his body, whieh -i bad recived when egaged in war again us, hub that now that man was fighting withL the greates fidelity and courage on our side. Many other Instance. of valour and eminent merit on the part of th dvil srvioe may be meAtioned. Thie conduct of Mr. Robert Montgomey who inisted upor dis. aWmIng the native troop.a t labore at the very beg in ag of the iia, argely catribated to the saving of the Penjab. Had thoe troops been allowed to mutiny with arms in tbelr hands I cannot venture to say what -would lavo been the effect. Xr- Gregory also wasanother young man whose lose a' Delhi wI have to deplore,j but there is no one rhose loss I more lment tban tat of a youner. Moore, a ao of alate,cdlegueoUaf Ihav.em# ra from two pzons, wzitm withotooner, saying that if he had ll e0X woald hba boin -ILeutenaut-General of the North-Wee tern Provlnes. That young man a basely r- dered -Iyj ib-N-zen w ram - -tirled -to neili-..4 Rut nust at:- ovt,-epeIy in the -promees vz hYrr.~iarte: whose near relative he h MY yo "M oldHerWWake. Thatvoang man,-tr4d ia ch scene, knowing nothin of ar, having nothin but hinative energy a a zresolution ton Within hi d at the iiege of Arrah, by hi skil a addres, and. the gedneer6Gds4-preiden escpe, not calr with own life, hutirlth the livsz of al those about himU, and .who head been exposed to the moat fearfulperils. Tbis ls the sort of stuff of hIc the ivi sere in Inda smam de . (Cheers.l ball upon you toematthsegt exmples. (Chee I intend to propoee to my coleagues to erect a tablet in your chapel o the memory f the cvil servnt of the company-rho c edud at Haleybu, andho have bwn maderod in this atrocious mutiny (loud cheers), and Itiust it MMl to down to the latest posterity as a memori of their own great deeds, and of ihe gratitude not only of the Est India Company but of the country at lrge for thel servioes. (Cheii) AgainI eall upon yonto tteadIn the sie of thes. men and emulate seir distinguished zerits. Bat I must not dieguise from. you that ?om will h(ave anore difficlittak toperfor_n and a far harder put tplay in India than any of those have had who have pre. eededyotr-. Hitherto, and up to the time of this feari outbreak, mutual conidenoe and goodwill hsve sxubsed between the govning race and the natives whom they governed There wi full trust on both ides, and wa know that in zany inataneahbee ha beea een affection as welo s confidence, - Bat -nore, uthappiy, that cham has bee destroyed, and for. mAny years to wome there must exis distrust and supqcion at least, if not more bitter feel. iDeg betwe those who rule and thme who form the subject body. It is impossbe it hould be otherwise after the treRaeries and the muders, and worse than murders that have bWm so fthmughout that land. But you are bound to sruggle with those feelings and subdue then. It will beyour-duty to so; for, after all, let it be remembered that it h onlyan infnitedmal pert of India that he. been engaged In thee sndalous outrage.. It is only by theepoy%, bytheAloes-relesedfrom the gpolo, by,the themo ~ithep"oethe eLsht n ya few temitorb tbi-it lta t thie dnadu mslchief, this fgbtful outrageha been committed. The pget body of the poplation, it ought to be stongly impresed oa our mainds, fror the highest chiefs to the humblest ryot., hare boon true to - the -British: Governmeht. The Raia 'of Oudespore, the highet and greatest Ripoct chief I thecounty, haxshown an unaworving fidelity. He hs protected our fugitive., he hbafedthem, and set them away with money in sfety. The Fahsajsh of Gwalior^nd-Holkarhave equallyshown their attachiment to our ule,- while many zemindarE, and nany inhutabIe life, haveproteedor fellow-countrymen. Therefore it woda be most unjust to charge treachery, rebellion,-andmarderon the wholepopulationefIndia. But ho wever that may be, itwill be your duty to struggle aganst tie natunl snupicio, and distrust whiic have been engen-dered, and-to endeavourtowintheaffections of the people over whom you have to exercise power. If we ar not able to govern India by thse means we had better atandon -the country altogether. If we are to govern India at- all we -aust - govern -it for the people of India, and in a great meaesre by their Instrumentality. I thereforecall upon you, and I desire toimpres it upon you as the last lesson you will receive on leaing these shore., tbat it Is= ounb4den duty to attempt to govern the people of b the affecIons and not by their feas (Cheers.) We-couidnotiwe wrould govern them by their fars. We camnot have a British army stationed in every prt of India- we must '.herefore govern them by their affections, and I believe, no'twithstanding all tIat has pased, tbhat tit posibleso to govern them. (Cheer,) I now turn to another subject, and that is to point out to you that you are the last representatives of this olUege and of . the system of nominatiou to the civil service in India. When yot enter upon that srvice you will -be subjected to oompetition -with gentlemen older than yourselves, many of them trained at other institutions and whoare abletosaythat they have gained their sitations by their own merit. I pray you..therefore, so to conduct -Yourselvesin thatDompetition as to do credit to the educe.tion which you have received at Elaileybury and to do no .dircredittothosewhobavenominatedyou to the service. The hn. hirnan then addresed him ellfmore especuytothoe who were about to prooeed to India, exhorting them to hold lfrnIy to the.reigous principles which had been inculcated Ln. their minds at college, and adhere to a strict observanooof the Divine precepts which they had been taught. After advising them to cultivate an uninterrupted correspondence with their relations and friends at home, which he asured them would be of great value to them In stimulating their exertions and keeping them In the path of zectitude while far removed from their native land, he bade them an affectionate farewell, again reminding them that they were going -forth to discharge an arduous duty-to work against distrus and suspicion, to concilAte the catriged affections of the people, to bind up and pour balm Into the wounds which have afflicted Indian society, and to link together once more the conqueror and the conquered. The hon. chairman then, in very feeling terms, took his leave of the Principal and Professors of the institution, bidding them a hearty and affectionate farewelL He espressed in his own name and on behalf of his colleagues their thanks and the gratitude the felt for the rvices which those rev. gentlemen ha redered to the East India Company and to the country at large. They had sent out to India most admirable representatives of the nation. They had sent out men who hd extorted from those in this country who were not very favourae to the Eat India Company, and from foreigners who were not favourable to Engl%nd herself praiaca whichlil the first instence they were unwilling to ive, and it was to the gentlemen who were then around him tbat the East India Company and the country were indebted for that result. (Cheer.) The Bishop of LosDoN.-After the address which you havo jet heard there remains very little forme to sy. The gentleman who hs addressed you is able to speak with an itimate sequaintance both of this institution and of India, but to both of which I nm altogether a stranger. My offlce begins to day and ends today. But though coming as a stranger, I am gld to find that I have been introduced to faces not unfmiliar to me elsewhere; and what I always believed has proved true, that those who con. duct themselves well in one department of learning are pretty sure to distinish themselves in other departments. Iwasglaiito find names familiar to me at Rugby and at BallioL (Cheers.) It is alwys a melncholy thin to do somiething for the last time. When you. leave this institu. tion no one else will come in vour place. WithoDt expresing any opinion as tohether it is wlie that Haileybury College should cease to exist, yet, looling back to what this inttution has done for the last 50 years, we have at least the satisfaction of knowing that it has played so Inonsiderable part during that period. It Las cerainly acquitted itself well. Withoaut referring specily to the Indian service we are entitled to say that both literatur, and sienoe are deeply indebted to this institution, - and that names which are connected with political economy, with law, and more especially with Eastern litrature, willlong keepaliveinthis country therem membranoe of what Halleybury hua done. I as a stranger may give my full testimony to the universl belief prevailIng not only in the Court of Directors, but throughout the country, that the admirable way in which those who have been educated at Hailcybur have oondu.ted themselves in India has shown that the IndianEmpire, ac a scene of opentions to men of talent, geniuS, nd energy, is theno lest thing that the world can offer. It has been -so at atimes; butatthismomentitsso more thnever. You, myyoung friends,aregolngto dlast atimewhentbeeyesofthewhole civilizedworld are fixed upon you; you have to acquit yourselves notonly In one clll dcpa~tment of the Company's servieo, but you will hav^e throwrn upon you duties that more properly belong to military life; nand, permit me to Ssay towhnich will be added somewhat of the duties of a Christian misionary. (Cheers.) You go forth at a time 'when the very_existence of the British empire in India is Imidper . That empire e must e re-Lestblfshed in its mo ct integrity, falNg In which The calue Cof elvllizsgon In that portion of the globe must fal to the -grouad. You, -thereore, go forth d at a tme when your~ country commits to - You a gret and must serious misonP. tou Wil hAve to re-establish that which for a time appear to boshaken. You wMlhave to fight In the vaniguard of civilization. In order to advance and prpare the world in the East for the coming of our Lord and Saviodr. We say, therefore, that virtually you go forth as Christian mIssonaries. This is no exaggerated expression, for it is my conviction that far nore wMl be dune 'by you in the discharg of your civil functions and in your own proper sj hue showing by your conduct that you remember you ae Christians, and that you have Chritia duties to perform, than wHil or can be done even by the more direct exertions of the devoted menc who go forth as specially professed missionaries. Ihope audtrvst thatite words you hiave heard to-day will be imnpressed deeply upon your minds, and that they ha~ve found an echo In your heartql. (Cheers.) -The company then retired to the great hall of the college, where a lunchconr had beenL prepared, and of which they were invited to partke. After doing faUl justice to the excellent Tiands placed before them, The CHAnisrA? proposed the only toast given onx these occasions ---" the health- of the Principal and Profeors of the College." The toast was drunk w'wth loud cheering, and The R1ev. the PBRireOrrL returned thanks, and said that he and his rev. frends slid colleagues woulld retire from the scene of their labotur, In the earest hope that the new them Immdiatelyreturne to tow, peaao Xnnr.-L th teegrphi smamary of A2merl. can Intelligenice bytheAai I was salted that 4[mesr. I)eznnltoun and Co. ha made an Arrangement wills -Mr. John Stone for thbe benefit Of their croditors," intstdad o'f that they "had made an aulignmenitto Mr-Tolan H6ne,?,Uwc The qutotationt of exchange on London given at "flO to 18 for sight," should have bea " U0i to U11 for sight,'1
SALES BY AUCTI0Ii. M l cIGN8 beg to notify that ..,.theS&TJE S ELLOIe.OdfOrtl.thiuaL&eT T L -Autio ofics,33 reerlok's-Dlaoe Oldt jewry. N1ow on View at 6. CIdoby AU on the above MR. DALE willSELLbyM0K 'o thebov AL remise.O ~morrow. rA 12 for 1. FURNIT'U11, ko.. eonsir.. tther be and be , nen earneta, glase, cheff,r. nir.drawer lb and. otber tables. and various effetcl Sslvage.-ToB g erobeane PaeMn Faceem,and o -hers MB. BEYNOL^DS iz Iistruted to SELL by AUO. halreet Shqredischn on NI oehold comrinnso ag o arou d Rent. / . O . ERhODclvdintueinsfo qentc tofEe4t oldmtl aend atlepe,sal,ron welchwd atd olSC hcly rl .MESSR. P WOnV ew.-LrembD Aor men otf Wearing A xttire God Wt,Jewet- by A lveTIO i rsi Bowl, b h propert ofn tha lay lo oto o h tck nTaeo -lte oos GuYns, toehSS PR&SiEpST a3nd teLAWEC ilSL AUOION atsta their spaciou Room, tbeerSe. Martn'a.lane, on Thuysday. Dee. 10. o larDe A O t 2tn to able PROPZaTIZ comriig eaigatr,ewieygodmdslr watched,lrgeso plated gt s, 4 an c n Items, ro." nreservs'd te.. ~I7L J RRW11T IRSLL y AUCTION, THIS MA t.SR, comprising new avle second-hand harneas, bridled, addie. plated, and other buries. ho plat' es, whip,, cellara, to. Also the *ferltue, ompisig mhogay ce,tof rawrs,coucbj cbeffenler, dinig rom, ad Wide~ chars 'oo ad wok tble 4oeum ruz caene of stuffed oxes bird,lightsldheavycatsj water cara,. hueav wee, aQ nd eos otter article, Golldfod-streseh-emoldResidence at aGrountdRent.. hn;B. J. FUJRBER hus received inatractions from .LLthe EXeWutore Of a gentleman deoesed to RLB byA.UCITION, sattoe SlUtYBrthoiOmneulae, on Thro-Demb 10, ate n te .valuable GROUND LBASE of the well-arranced and com3modious SwIDEOM withb cach-house ands tablesatt*cbed, be4ng3l, Guitlford-street, !tumell-sqnare. held fu)r an nnsxptred term of about 34 Br. .T. Borber, suotlonoer, 18, Duke-street, ancolster-square. No.n74, Baker-street, ortman.aq Tble unexpired Lease and Fixturs, nd he emanin Stck f aForignToyand Blioaterle lIAR.PHILLIPS wiU SELL by AUCTION, on the VI'oemreise. 74. Baker-Wteat. 'To-morrowr, December 9, at Ipre. csl.the -BENEFICAL INTEREbTO in the LEASE of tho P S. mIEl with Stabling situate on the west aide, and near to Portosansquare, held for a term of whIchm SI ;ears are unexpired, at the low rent ofi£180 per annum, TheimDrovedDpositioaofthis great.thorough. fare render ibis proprty of the present value of £e10 per annum. Also, the ISxtures, and the Stook of roreign Toys and Fancy Articles In chln and bronzel silver and gilt bUoutmle. dreinig-one witht Bilverand other fittlngr, envelope.boxes, writing-des, drauht-hoard. chessmen, inkstauds and other fatncy objects. Kay he -viewed t morrw T=edy) ;they~remises to be viewed by tiskes sUntl the Wae. to bebd at Mr. Phillips a. New Btond-atreet. New Foret, Hantr.-Ey order of the Com'Mnsloer in charge of Her Mdajesty's Woods antd Worets, ft.-By Mr. CHFA EfiS NoZ. TON, at Lyndhurat5 on Tharordiy, December 17, At 2 In the af ter. UTI,001adsoRoud,an40 iods of Aewn A BOikTimbr, 43 lodaof tawdor. eechtimber, 10.00OOwh polar, 15.000 Scotch dr- lea, and 200 chestnut poles, of larg irze ; also 600oords ofteeled aldet woo. The beech timber isclean and straisbt, tandigtoeher on a few acre of hand, and ther to a 14-horse power stemswg mill erected on the spot ftv convertin the same, the use. or hich wiltbe granted to the purchaser on coftitiocs to be arrestl upon. These is alarge quantity of beech tlimbe close to tll sawing maill,which uil be sol at aftutostime. The lots maybhevlewed.anz i ctalgus ndcnditions of sale, wIth forther partloelars,may ba btieo.applicationt to Mr. 1, EL Cembesbatchs, Qneenbl Hou~,, Lvadburst6 Kenslngton-gore-Plegsnt and nearly new FurnItaure, hoice Cabinets- Clocks, Bronzes, Plktrd Artloles oostly Satin CuLrtains. valnab'e China, and other ornameants, seTeral casm of Stuffed Birds, a Sjoctave Oottage Pianoforte. In wainutwoD cae, a Plony n Horce a Pony Phaeton. China. Glsu, ke MESSRS. ROGERS anid DRAM aro favoured witha instructions to SELLtby AUCTION, oR the Preonises, &, Lowear. gore. Hyde-ark zouth (facIng lbs park on Wednesday, Des. 10, at t2proirerme,the ortl FU AIrU F of a bliont reeidenoer-Tas drawng oomsuie, n crve wanut conprreslao. sofa, oooakonal. yevtpl apt isn te n ter endr,csl ' p5nk and goldsa8 boa% cran o hetre'idw; dining 'coin apen-'% dages IncTarvd oak,.n h lgn uo his ooTered in Russia' leather, Snusrl asesd.tu chmbr ur Itur,incudint an erpenIve 4 ft. Sin. basonmna rnhbdta,wtihbu fiurei.satja furniture,lndwt ik als maonywrrb theds pecdig hesal, odcaalgus adon tepeis and of BotGreenwichx-Thames Cement Work,.-TeVlatLse those eligibly sitaIatO premised, kniown sKes Ri n s cement Ilanufactory. B. J.J. CEMMAN hasreceived inAtructlona M o ubmis by public OOMPapTIION, at GarrwWa coomee. hotCOiange-alley, Cornhill, THIS DAY. Deosmbe R, at i', by ofthe or eae(ttoleas previously diem oaf %jzdvtr contract, the LEASE of the above extensive PBBISEo, idtuate in BMickWl lIane, at Greenwiob. oa the banks of the Thames,'ajnn Messrs. Glasg, iot and CoD.'s Telegraph WL-e Works. They coDver a area. ot-about Ave aces, with foreman'is dwelilnr.iouse,offass n stb _sthron, abutting the Thamea, with a whafof aboutl fand frontaep; thers Is a Opious anid conetant tupply of wSatr from the Thamnes,suffcit for any manufwactrr. Thenstem poer ass a'. chinezy Isaetimated to urodo0e about 250 tons of cement wekly. These premises are beld at £15 per year, for 2t yeams The Mcepgagoc p'lait withhelaseunageapedathe~~of al. Paot of the por. may~tminOn losgae Poviedthe proposed tems a"e Thona.asstll, oliito, Soth quae, ray' la'lm had of KMr. TalS, noble Chmn-ey-glre f4rsdrenln.wt osl Table, ruanificautlMen . -ft hiadororeelOin Vle. pile and other Qarpetis ind us enin lcs n ~ D)resrle_tObIn& and ormamour fet.7fe pns u n Sideboard, AfabieIn and ohrBdtas edn,mrl.o#sr stands Dreesin Table%,Wrrbs n c-orEfes ihu reserve. TESSRS. TOGHILiL and JAOKSON beg to an. ALnouncdetiat they have receIved instructions.fron the'rzo. psiewor to SEriL by AUCTIONT, on the PresamIs No. 16, the Terrace., Barns To-morrTow, Dec. t, 9mi.id following doa, at Is eehse4s.. oa ,sottof thenumnber of lots, pvlal m baeo FV RT!'conkistngu a walnut drawing room suite covaere In byo"stn shspedand other tables. fotir noble glasees-ot largedlmengm with,xmcsole table, a magnificet M-eet. bbi -and toioi4aeselleaui peil of walnuit and'tulflo wood-ditto. palr,ot waltcut curved nerd. table;, chars ovredInmorcc, wthcouh nrGeay cuai en mult 7 feet sidboad wthplae-gazebak Aabin ad ther'V i w t UKLi.aoB%ta O halwTa and ANSON ?!etfUN, & K'~~~gebeeW, EUWAU0TlOWV Sttel P.Ple"x" St JAIO!UBio. Thv' 9ea5ft aDo 17ode fllMiitae, ro h 6dSEM. 40ddraw eing t afulritu, ciog momS sbltheomided witheLd,imebk, arp thsn 'cv Qold e cAeteega; a INA lMeage. b fXdaWd aOe books. oc d ate tieeso wosg ettsw dlfgo 864oires 6. Mybhn w a e L0611611B14 CHRItSTIEu0u%I aMandO H# ee-peeA4t0.U BOND and ,OWIIIS winb AUPOtL at ther rM I ate T husay ec1. n Aollw coosa sTTa8=04irs one wit amotn" vel"t, In hadom IO aLdA HOUS&A ntx!rpeeslacs prvaedw egkoauei bjtS, anp Shep 136M -ywaoffic famniteo,d IA aew woe hook, mandr a" fort I, 0f1eN.1A%Vt1eeiekaapce,ntp A7t.lg Maybovevewady Saera Le o a)"6eho erlhdda th Martd of B.J.tenwd-gaa WSS IS'ODll dSO il ELbyA TIO, teeb cuThuxtday eem &$ber "q~r PU &*Asbold rto V~WoLTo,., a LW&uU EOW1199a"Z Gea omptanaplatedweg.ow8, ordet I mep l3fIONateA tgs,hemeedr.lta £48 vet Anem hel foe 0 TATAgo0nvrnoai 7. MaUON%Wmbemil `*= Kimad .". !1 ---44 jWy U~~cttesihaateoieek ow: nd at Pthe advipe' .weeteu an Brealiceteen RliwagTeemandacit kby eegl eC 3he i4LYP..'BOND) tEd SON. WMl BELaL by AUC.' doutfod I 4. Gafontre4see, ee, 10, atl!, aiJ sin And bengani pesineteg0thperW 10 prIvat fbows., Hag.uo x? 13 n 4jat4srcwNn'-e. o, 8 7 n 5 iews st_ree; og aA 1vWsr%ed no Mat smeraous phoiaedsili¶ hoF.sa,usthbud w 61 U e g- s o large w I S b and tavyng No, 2,a 0 heldfrasxnexxred team of i about31roases. May Awed bwSr =kMsUiGrttotlatveeU.t. Mas bEcu ew: SPlanL m 111o ES8.J. BONv hn t ot. wL Sdodrw" ibo AG. and at oed, s 48,A GcandeestMo eest, m lltcessnreallilo ~mil5ldd8Unghacsevnlots,weycPO"veuOfg MRst5salnGealtone s ct a e ?lWa Plan: andDsbe to wllILL aychblct, on Rdo.-e,HThu ornr and t Mss,. Bad an ~o~s aia.5 andeyof -theet Val" Of square.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ b" re a )4 h Walllainatw. Wet Ham and ld erd.I ofmer of 9 ui lIR. JOHN M. DERAN WmBELL byACTo,a men the raaz. onTho th.e.1 V atl aose, nterencsIpo ha,mutow DestHa17m atd Od foald waithoutar hadatth Ms si esi warsaIOD00.a andri n nkumber,.aoutO HentofUcYonk-pavisg. upezjlebo3 n Lreahod Dellng r*u...d toSELLy publc AUCTON attejiaby AnTUrd, Den the II. n tW los, JVE bELlt 1&nOUtcI. nd, WEIDyen a ThreeDwlllng onoustanWatstset n of th evleo peggbatom tieabeadpatu3radec. moso are haodmaton Thart :f . De. 1d7rd, at1.i b)%teom Grasc% LRABH-sLDa Of A.TA. Wopalter, 10. sick-uitor Ovte hureh.o ant.ebane: t tde ofVew aDkChvookTde, ?eerthe piropryiand cSWI te ancjle tevenrtsHam-lne,gStoratford M,hldfo 1Beas.n. Wied.ta mod erae round nuilt., Jamers.nha atl thers= iepatrI, relghburbods. Di;7 atltie ll, Lithont oeere all the Dodd, abNe BUILDINGr ottERAL, liorg and Etthffeoee'sotso of thar& lrgedUwpell. andf Tltimgbee, W.ut0feo Yr aig pwrs Qfeo door bled, D lote , railr. frme,lag woistht hn inmdu~nc,elstruc Bonic coolmns ant Eilates anlo aonras Thusandoey. Dcrbed In18larg SuatItyor o2 us.efoleffet Manb vewQedt lnbs llly day.)elst tchedme VLAndctlec a i at tPedWhst Hrontadrse .bins Weslavt Ham; arto therfo a tctIoeer,Ham-lae, teonatfora?!( we...e bedliogooydrenitnre Platm, dnraving;Pino and Effects,ow biray toldetr ofo the Exnecu tdorsmithUle om TmAs patrr o itecu.pred Ps,hRemises,e10 bacgNsbuu-sqar lad28 leinseo,TIIS DAu caoee, re. the rmably wellb-WMad HOUSEHOL, with NITUR andg 33i;j a IJEOTS; eeratpliou Spanishoe taoany solidasentaol denngtab%les, enllao,pearroked an disosthernblef apreetsochis,t meety the aQir, o celonh, bofkc alae o dznUraytale Therpater and vo rabsian oadtea chml6eetsuodtawers bseebal avdes, atrble-t, Awalsoaansem,dretaeheVilabRes,dlate, cthim gand essingfon gtlass enr.bavns, 2rnh Atsay and bd rom appndag,. th usulkithen-eoua leeis,an aEvabieott of meoelaueouaItes.Innw Thet Moftedabe are and an rthe msa. ingosale Gatlogushaat-Ifr%a hataKAS0,o Barkng Nw-ton, EebxDocrahbein o sml ea nsiksehod Fae~ pta. ad carg£0per dannurm.aPrcPtan o ~~R. NEWBOwto SELL by oh UCTION, anexsnt doatte £V1 Mart, room.do.hursday Dec.h17.ot 1, inofc t,, the oerm-t pact LE&Bsquae.O- SAE opieo Oeoul priate on-c Sttin ltat-rent amutn to about £A0, hemeldfr 71 yatr1 gnor 3lred. at a moderaents oun rent Paticr hadMAY the i Inthed neighourlod atd tc atLondiU fsehdon omeU PeB. Dodd the Maew thrnauc-aoeet,iy nda h ucine' off ice, 84, CeIlarch-Teapl,brppWe- ValuableDetachedand weidtce ila,Oltllie nearbyus ~ES81~5 WEBBlarge beenm ofave ourdmwit Taen, opn Lhkitle nds thrh rortae tonEL bW AOIN ttepbb Sae oo,,1. BhnsreeOO rgho ond Thurday w cue SE 0,b 1067,a TIOfN .2 'on the remptovgl, an eA eletbnelllrw il-bilt detAche VILLAS at 12.Oth wel ardn nKing rn TAnd rear bing IT., Hediwna-riiDs, ng * 1rosy l fowadgstae ofcomeion claonainiarsven m aed rams, deeming room, ofwing eland dinincketamitabeourary.wfoiwt cloets,m and bonnientdomr uerbGtIc e offi kcs aire ofd irytcls oaemin- - alothed Reodnce, o bhein wo.k 1o%and s2oo oelavils Incaroasme WS,- UnderkabyFel ofl~ SUa7 idw, ihsrulswro rl-a lM IOen lvton.ib tomes Hretret.c Danentfoa,,de taon,ban - mentlofay 1aully TEa Dlrt.Dceo. Tho ater9 and raveidrain a,4E mast complte, Tandthe houses hare da rof.n a lso xcem a ScmlWR&o pF 4urp; heldohenrf for2 ormat Vill ejt fmlylowaBlen subjec toe whichnal1u t-emt cD10, aaathued Dfinl aoud hrotl ad Fritue enuoidered Grops f Wx Poves,choce ngrvins,dauble-harrel Gun by R. W. DGLEYhaa been favoured with insjtrun- ~VAtOesromaOffeerhaving an apprAnt,m SELb Plof, n te tmie,nowedlmnuesday,o Decmber18, at LI, withouit resere, he wole f thweUm.ubactu ezzealy-new HOUSEHOLD TURNItrFtB eamplslngmahoPnr. lIron and Japanued four-poit, Araian Frnch an oterbedsteadsa an4 hangingg. reasoned bed br, winedwarnoe~ hetsof dr&awr,oit WW#tables nd g1aie, marbletop ashstads ad ttlgn,and othe bet ronsA appendages: richly cavdw lnu,lo, cad 1asonl and other tabies, elegant oheM,o nor, rIhy it soms k beautiful sWet5e set of six ethnIc eka'rs, two longngcat,, and pair or foot ottomans; wovred In rich amber Ininsl,and window drapesles en-suite; dining and breeakfat roomtnlitrenmabopany. consisting of noble Spaleb mahOg%ny' extedn-faedining tabes pedesal sideboard. lIc. cso ch St and eas cairs In morocco and halrciotb, laire bookcase, eaerE. tolseo vlJmsteel andar-resonlu faudess and fire-Irons, the ummal hall and bkeaet requirmesnte.oand other effests. MAYay eewed the day - at heanticee'soffices, It? 4dgewareroed, W., Or farWardei on aDPplietlaot. The excellent Residence, in thorough rpepar, tlo be Let: rent£100 prannum. OoafehucChnealyCobll London, on Monday.- Deanamber 31, at1fr1 o icpeiey nfour lots, the fellawig stAte&. A Valuable 8reeh~oia and Copyhold Estate, altuate in ACJ thei pallh-oCRotherfdcd. in th COutY cif Sngscz Ian dIvided lnto, the farms Eno f. aS the Pinehurst, S3tone, alit LAmney FArmso" comwrialgaabooetlgboxxcud3doable cottage; offies, barns, sIble - lodges ftggerle lcreaet-bouse% ft. and nearl 340 acre of mabebi, gkaap wod and how land, l5ing exceedingly comAp&ct. The greater porti on 'Abte statat Is In sheoccepaton of Mr. Henry lHoopert3 alid Mr. Bdwln & Tbope, atld Is distant item T Abridze-wells seven tile., Lewes, lSummIleaj, osdon-wmles, aund Wadhnrst Beatles. oni th6 Tuo dlde`Wellg us gsineeac of th Sbeth-"t aws aboittlimUe. ThOld-kxOthe netlHouoftbeestatehsg been redeeme'd.. N-M, A lice Of raiwaY Is contemplatIon whIah will pans Mom to orbhIugh this eftte. Lot!2. A. eapltailyArM eslled Little Broad Reed, situate In the pearoh of Hayield Int the cuty of Sowr~ onaInng Ea 7pk.. the greter portion i owhich is in the o*natlcnoMrwlmae Steas. This form Is oop7bold of the Matnor 6f 3 -sd 4.TbeatyvelablcgmanshrAnd, freehold, and lau-ta reeemd, ituate at HOMReByer,e4~ Pereneey, In the county- J Ont nnj Jaus,itleoccupatice nile. George- TMpoperty maybeevieed on aOpplie Monto he espctla tsiats,andpnltepatioutars, 60u4Idntlogo male, and plans, ~ mybe Obkb*ndoftap, -: Rie: -T '--eImiXe ~~ B. DRB;NNHAI(A Jltov SAWNuo. Otat thist gshoue,heLe,v * eI~asi anMxIw To-eeow De.8.HAVE)e WM 1AIal, ht. u W lsenw.^ .Vj *£UO'Nebldbe, se u . ~~~~~~~~~~~~~s ,seeglaewlasl,aaw, ~fedticq Wit4'seameres L~~~~~~mIL *M. "H MtXAM wm OL £XT IL ~~~~~~~~ea At theMlr. Taigo *qua arom zet% WMhoe AI.aae 0 aus sgzsllg eena 130 peSr 41ea hgo s betan- DwelBEM wa1O 8Bls - t the Mart t. T'-mIoer-mon.N bOlt ul.-ra r,moshA M 15440. z pt.-DXBmHAnlg !cs!6=,:VJ04 Anmaof igh Mofi;Mt, VOND 2oxl OOo "kso tem.L G *dIk . hAftPlp%HAMAV WilBEL,, a tbkai- To uvousit ee ,at 12.a eewel% ee ccaez~, m 0,45a. aedig sed sesSalafesdoea seoeidn kismad a hogirmcl ac,JiauIseC WallaSiAfblsel Mo jAX%n Fadd taou ota Mb > OXESNHAM WM SELLLXUCTOW, X$X;9~~&Om~~eeeCb -auliue,,d TocO .at e th i nRome,35. C xf L ri-p settask fo 5 ee,a 1 wil SnLnnst the Mart. tod IIDy,ioW, nW.SSdb om &o* andntfs nfour of Zu ZDmn Ohf wallsyfetb. 1~~etonwoa8, StM Jqbn'ambooi, bdso,N He fce rmsEHOL4lBpwUanaum. dtvslswh# Llrusd dmwfdeibm ftd otin S 1oa m ad ef Anf1. a. SiMttt byMtaydwoai aromro8e w.emlynow. chimney e lm, oirest ffoei oLe C4U!frsIWa. e. diTua Odfthe Maart, tI adTo-hro w, , Dc. . t ufe,a"! lo. obytto d.u and Beo. -nor. aed witO pe-liSeF a .Jo Aam';Oee JQj;b vxo ru4treel d tborts nis,A Maa BeIle XU,deon g Kt t byemllnee-8tnKto miker bea-Tlot JOaelastestlrb, ThI INGRphbe e. Inodr. memr acs gb .7fBLLSTRA an vd seycablee.o cud.eceos 0 aeoflzgaisctso lO YA . P 1Oevs b : e -,e t tY8U2e RUSKIN ,and cTmeyenaeet maee,thomyAndie ghlam YwL at6 .SUH Pehfoous, caines.£e.dur-goeid, P,bin hdo ts cu eecks MR J. 0. an P EB darningtabyes AUTIO 2,thegmA t-gWisunns a oi eopsigeerls Maneoer. S. at zfoht Ialel-oed Pa0Ketas wine, et .red m n s d x -ock ofanagf a mho 3l fathinMeg bedmew nTusa aldThein ofsae,k anompet gtout peo.tral ao a , rt nea H ow ur- .oltOutaiOoug Pand fote Flantf eo.a~ ees MR. GEO. 0 OXEST wl SELL bv AlJO II,,*% hay4, 2 ~ ~ ~ 1 b ACTO noanaow Was±ugE. in ClicItl rerIoeLDT ncEin a0tlt icetewno dmm nts, a ni witheh os s t wo. Wndos, a beats- bthaIursn 6iota,e.pol.iantdbofore byBrosdweOod.in thoDedo, c&bse teom table,_ wBea h d tuhe swtd ds offh e, Mnre.o r.equesia tdrcti. May be tewe n t die anoing ea aud EsOE 1sam~a fil~ g13 Ornoad-ate, nWea tue ?adeon, mueAp.dZTRd BROswArepr;D w SLL byok rAUCTON,y alt tSZ ZN, ond ote telBn atnin na S amw.Dem ou1, astAa bomor.-BytUELo hlg-r. W. NW and SDlSOHIFZ Wbe Wisnnt Gand api n odndd of E S owg,,& and *stlr-catk o tree nn, Wllbn allr ton WemisnyDeo.2nt m odrn6 itti*he supwar Poeto and ,afoleptowineydfsuilet s. Harmon GTdklouro and AnS *et the- Faeot e. ."et bttle id rdra.,opigse 4o. y d,ad^eaO_= og 1 opplyr, 1 Iaysjgx botee. CO adfoz. wi eaVe olds, Po, byikbUpgs GATE1X anBuBr,a hi Bos 2,mtet d;. TEIYZy AM1U15eM1&Ouh1ppogAi4orunglaed, on the Gaoyd beixsled, atto lo ueeohardw. 1 1 o 'clock, JOMn; 40 eD . lMnd VrkUnt'. owvMuelas 3 Mf the reaining cfopiesOfMaye putioewed ctalodues heardo. a Cweek1r a Seosopi MR PETEELT by AUCTION fimrlefom cathe buAes oehrw thtetockoF a wholmesaI.le 2todo the LodatscEoi opNEy. THeOP,ltuee.comp4ej thoseA Of the ondn B(-eecoAo ompnt,Ellott goole,adw Ofther- elbrt edu tse u a ndumbertofintereoeofes stker.da,oiogrpi apet aos, !o3a9o1in 10uesel3en Nos. otau Ae1oyto8t"e*ndcyae,o a~frtherCltme, candodtaogu s hdof zf,. th0 tv~,~ onn fs e, Park- 3t~~~~~tare aIo,rmePL2CS icudn sm Re o speimns or h le dl ys seurt. a ee t. Oalsae idappans Zonferi,fen lag ohyRd. pRO Btokn oros n ELL by AoG dr TONa.oa x biwdoth eo lgofsle endctslcoh saofn o Thur3.-y. Dteen 3. KIgsre,Ornwrden,b =onoslga bithanpddietd enelpe ~m Wines sadUpdts, fog e&ot gae-.nGt lenn a IMiRy .PETERBODwl E b1U7rOr =anprlt alnbodcoito ie.hgle., n use-uso sFprior FolanW w and Shetrrie,o5stne old P ont6 uelo e,, a on,',,I CMobburn J. a&sd,a' shppng PUDCKmagnd Crod~. WM ELL b atine the.r omg SntA Oxf1dord-Aerchet,nu Bondqrtret6,12b- shppd g 1 jist 2W kineotlye: CO dof aer ooletr o1f PxWt. Cmyskbu PhpIg 4 asIPI bottcle; 0 g0 4cr. ozenerl h o aturTe d Praablnlnof :6 .rplSheeBof tryes bddranooeudshebDty.I 48od a.d-lto,gge Jolen 0 Or. e OM sPItiltand sarlinq;e i SaPes oflachee b2 ON"ogos behad. apebteembeao,e, Cseaioges t h Marit: oar ofthe antofeg, Podti. su wb Perosdonode, W bigKaebislao.roe.-Bko' B otnsa o]* ng ten ofac TOM ekly andPm forrehndt. ae-AelteSl BR. PETAMBOAD will SELO yAUCTIOSEL MI b&UTIN. etnthMarkglanoD on 2 Maondecisember1n Tua~ Wil,i new.-By Mr.a oilnW. rh whot held undorbcea the ,e jut traIndcditloo saltme o,onth edpnemied; a h DGe 3,at e Ta oen; cIII the VfEHE SLE,Land,ertitedfobndg atnd garde- Fnr itat nLrthe cluLThe Itakearlaewth aem walkhrd muth(on ,.room;t to4,Eathbone-ptbo,adBOLhgadmostn row, Dbo V. 1tuat ansa inotb beings Noaloedonthe ofpremises.o un =aorter-teeoe, Xontgah.itnv-eroer ent .odern liorneiacblsuun.] im le t ore. ott agboe oranyprofo tbabavnd fets. b6sd f .LVJTIO N, Ataton thepremses6 4 P M0g,treloua-erao ottalemaobe,oo bode, atoecees W and beditngha, achest,oe of drawr,BrestanchiLaney letp nithimited) 14POr.ieoo. atea low rot. London;ea tee In nesta and ghornIngofsale a nd cat aloguesa tof bebdo Nod.dAr ru4es. ornaenta t,4reeHos, n iere.plt, ho h nv room rurLlKuro Chbineyr, plea, and other aIae mahoganNy dlal'~g tables. cahair bookoasee Brumrels eaznets. fenec cutI,.Dtlnrs. sc.; kehen requltees and numerous effeca , Ma be Ied on Wedneda and mOrning of sale; zand ctlogues ban the peis and of t. ely, sauctoneer, &o_ 87. Mou - tet, Gsyersqre. The Perlk rm, eddle g, near Codo -D0BT.W1V. FUJLLEu l Sl ELLby AUCTION, on JL%j tbo lze ies on Ti3und%;' Dafember 17, (an metontbo 5thSb inst.. u pras ioly advertl2ad at 11 for 12. in consequence of the number of lot, the saluablo LIVE- sad D&D &TIMING STOUFK Agrioultural Implement; and Effects: complriing 0 superIor out andotherhois audponoee, ln4in4a oo1 m 1 , e, snd bullAck, 2£0 fat aheep and lambe, 10 hogse waggos, ats plongb$ huarows, hoe hoes irn and o3k roedhr,s land pretr. ecarder. omo drllU winnow. lug, turnip and chaff cutting. and oil cake-orublng mahinet faar. -horsenworer Eteam nginebyBarrett andlia four-horn threshing 20acblie, tlace and thiU harnes, to minor arlouleralilnwerout,, and misoelraneons effects. May be' lewe the ay pseriona and mornng of sal, nd descritive ea. eln e obtained at aua Eay ff Cotbohoe,C%or-aley;move L the vIn lte neghbooZhood; and ot the aruotloneen,-Coidn. - CIty.-ByrdOer of the hheklf.-TO Jamr2iie Torolshlng.-T'o houeo of elegant modernF Wnantu're In oboloe wanut wood, pOlshd blrab. DAUtow0i mon en yordec of the H 2gieaa ian tbe with re too notlne, thmelreo platedh for a betl WnUalSit bedd ere vena t elegavnt inli Doble ained Catrbiets Dalettnd% oniuwt on et insbordr Btiht Wcnlff ..the. B; I LEPSbM4hehnor.t n bun ek ho we binge of elegant 4Tleadaby) .n EInte hbe n, Aran ea Wabtnt.dae,,tie lass eesl apea o tedno seomanfroooit1esft~~~ n teean n ,1 R, KwA .f ZE".~~~~~~~~~~~S A, a err , u .sdnbue . _ _ oR. M rS zr nr 31 th|e et tn ketIogfoate&mosttee IaaWerw Wesbelot, *.4 in CltmWgso SMp.i-~ e ttoni, a na agm, er ledO sthe prsdlse. at Wm BeN Oft: w- a pojeg; a4d ar oes* O . s. DEB ENH7 W4 4 DON. w Shfd i tas i RomsXmlet, St 1o0k,d JONGL!4Si *EU . u n; sad st d AT DE , ot-ls leahraoof 5ao. etg ZthetJwels, 815e sd n oeBld!lte 10 0 J : gD1y8 VAtstsdabdXi sostlyee, t5Woa*beg Goeks. nvu saidMedess I; ,.C nik ?l%. a ?wes; a r* k b; M wO it BEN H A M, ST Gz OfiR>Es , am A SON Wm , AO018 ando oos denee. Mr. o G ROBINsoN kis struoed by. lb M }6J0t?sIEon° onM* -1M Y(?oesdpv. Del a. MMOBn 7 , ,Zfld, whh lorinda the ae*ON J fAThe read ~~tment~ ±5olumes ot boo, thngvad atffe*e. g mannrr and ,an( cataogues ,Boei. Ls e.I. ; " t attn s.Robtusos's offoes, M., Of 4se I3Uthel enge an Td w Y i 'wSulamrsopey seedlg sdm Co sale, sod letalogs, obaie 1 eos aid atr anoNonhond estate a os,, S6 e e il.# HATCH wim AUUM0ON, a % Booms 13. igsh olhom.Tml; Deme Iedi l0wing dsp,at lLweeeleeji, the SPOOK be!3AD tac lmeposerttvof Brinwols, cOMPrising 1.OfOIb, 3mh1sdetewo 0 abun.rse audoiber facy silks. 5lypri M1k agdegfua=' *oxt os,ues bd Adoos t tlb Waeo AB hciOog' Stock, udr an A*sgiotfs h es 1 AIIRTOZER Wml E T by 4AVTXO, M 13, M0m4t,LudsateJAIILoa Themday. Ddl1oana~ slatng ot iv. tons of tarici nS, fi0 -doerm moUe,eai otber ,looks 0 docen cab paul,, ant blihdek, 500 pia. it sad. boneh bolt,, 200 dosen era. gao-tM aID itehEIn, nDW. Inoaeahlre dis a lase asotet eC bra foanog301. be deseneast stelPw an 2w, lO . doeches, tlentslo.) dn oceny, Ire. On o me dy reso. n Elgeds,at Rooms.~~~~~~~~~Sboo u Ffibare, ande BEodark; bv. En: w P- SCOTCHEI -WIM SELL by AUTIO * t the Ro, 2,01o old-trt fl Tes eIF p atv2 o'dockr up-sods of 6t netdS em 364 pftio. rOBDS, oompriDng a spenkd S-oft"r 11'd=i'dyAW. cd toled, in oldweood hw. eol_ o, W stl metiste O0.%nlE. onltog, Reollga 1 A iiner4uest Yendlsb.quaers,A,,4 @ quMre, , o r =i ttH _ h3n~~~~smw t 1r trde. THaesInd o od is AllyIO, ist tMIMD a:nclest and mnoden PlOogtS,Stb tonnaennuto ZePW addino tions- d" J.llowr.gad d Bobblini (ireuns D. loboxer Clnsac Terburg re lo fon it. Bergteun PLerl !. E. Cooper. LA. _gc. chamers, Bo1.nglasda. ooT,:rel. tt d76V lfotcor oe, BeLzrave.ieqcat by M.Yro. k the Repoitory, St. MrtIn'slane, To-or, the Ile 3. 01 Deesober. 1857, at ° do'lock peeetsrly* h dhstlctert o . nderpwer sale,ce Moe onvCloce,tblin loe oxtafor dMR *.NES aned BorELLNH r"s wM glas LL boyf cUd ovredsoc fbePr eeslg em!= nar 03 shum 1e over,geounhloghoUneaciharAesZs cog. T he.lc b tor ness, and oitute at Io mb.st,est , ldsadye-ow g o Vneteinaryforge tk ltbo olon bero, at £50erannu,xrs n fromn Klchelmas, 18, Tne whioe Of pthe &&,; _ uni der aend tt £380 per annurm, br Sera (ijdase atles 10 dm, fromn Dcoember Ss. 18S3. farbe . e * ts odl er and coudiMosag eel.bta. we SY& & :sea% oil teftgor,p6, dalit-oonusld, pousdabo y; aNdatAdzds,6 . Ma IniteebuhDtway re Barndby. rn, -oemaket.- Asg. am,b dlrcU of the adgeeae.-Social, ndteoef- Oil andeeloffuerne arBak EX.w ^MESSRS. BOWES MOO BRELINanA! wla tAUOrION c tho e PreInisJ s oa ThuSvl1 DebA 10, ati,the geuineTOKg whAD, c no d IpIs comite, and other cdlee , mottdd pellw soas, tosst ed, belied, coin, and othor oils, brooms, brosheg, mnoot, jiekss, b,; tX dxturcs anDutdsil eopDlDsng inmaeof k>p4 snteroa. o_ of odraDweer gaskz 7,ODOngq caes oeakig we ghng macIne, oak tldim., d ou,keftul3bej.. OL hreugt . *s;blk= ndckloedaol_ meltgcopper, dippingtmood, M=wodrbout, Blackburs, s sba tow, tIg acblue b.oichee, block, o., witb cewr cdusshntdA furure. nozew day aror audn;osulngof Sale. Chialoguesoente. premi Oes. ofW. Bell, ZBq. oicilogue, 1, Coleuagnaues-buld.. ogs; of Ts Jonee, E.q. soliitoS, L e'So.a Imp and at the anoteoneers'oecer, 34, 0,lemasstet, ner the Bank ;t Usi.d1 Moms. lBowes cod Belllnehso, begaad oe JsthatwlsrwS dl et - Stock, Plant, bendbe5^I Ies of th Premie In EUd-ket Woolwlcb.bai oaC &nIIextr. d14 lf In Bankrupy.-~Th .alrwonterS Bulderd p0enbl wt' lbaynam, and othera,-Lrene Sleek df KoIW sd Prlbeg mber laee. TLo Upring LEY f dhaet Pny Hand Trnckj Odlee Fitti, " Old Bnd treet, w ntabo.d Articles. SSBlS3. MOOR: .an TEPLare ltntA.- PX by~~S theV of e.. abEd 300 aus O-f Assg0esof r Jms (i to::Wv BELLD by ACIO on tUe Premie, Cai.brldgshsr, ofexdtroad" IS DI" and Ton2rmor, at 11 each d, the caplbg BpOK dz TIMBRl hite ad ellow pruce ad p'ue dealand batto , plank a eut-- tufS, birh boeda an clan, lim2e-re. boards, eep.tleioak, d, w11:. and beech plans, 7,000 ft.of oak sting,4,Uok p*asab, oa posts rand spur, rilw posts sill, ns4 ells 9,000 al ells ar, and oak cart-eds, oak hear spokes, oak and elm soksdo POeg, a quDnt WHre few Oderm Oowrr, uO lat'c sAUte batte, dt btteverr% bocsh rrmt%ituf.0sad ber woeL V1ew onMondoumdaya udm moaying o . asX b s l rel nisr; ot J. B. Chtide. sq, solbor, 10, _ t- Sad o Meats Moore und Tem lei. autttonees 4 andiihes.t *18,. No. 21, Old Bnnd.ifreel,Unrese 8eledf a lrwge sad stelde lBtroegoPreebos rStones sand firroS Jewlay,by iett,s essrs Mrc .s adCheles, diamond erxchants, of 1, Z'aistck.- siseet, Bsdfced-equay, who are dlr.ndg p rabhgerhlp. Wato Seotirby on Th.v,aj December lo, at IS :, L the wrol of atewleable sroOK coaxerlinag sso caa, Or eme le eurtso rber. 100 earate of brihants, 4LO °art ofA pbre, 000eS S ansof Oriental pearls, iispOfDoetntod eosdlarl'u m , two megnidoent emneralds. carbuncles, game4ts, ifqS 1 other stones toletlier wit the modern sok Of tclisl -5S5y consistng of a Iuperb beotshd. peo broooheetwitkellaie . yaluablo emuerald bracele *nd oeir;as o Slsa asobat ot braebct, brooches, rlups, studs, locet,, es-ins an othe sle leeler. ci mnuwtAd wth precious stones, sy be 'ae tbe d pdo ~th o s c', and etalo;nes had at th on an at Mr u4 ntoeoBoes, ii7. Choeers.leue. IULyR. EDWIN WHIT,leTcnsequence Of Mein~ LVI, Mabe and tradjeysdlesluolonofatpnebr,hlp, lsinheibtSELL blAUONtwthcnt rererre, oan th rremies 5,.Osmbeetsn plsoe,OldKcut.rosd, onx Thu.sdat .ua Wriday Dec.10andl aXtla esachda eatbe sue,eorpp &m'irJrlNIN PLAIt sadIOK two steam hotises, about 50 tetliet4 tb^r-rF Dolon^r pdUtm reechtne. ,rlth be4td rr d he laet imneoyeznen,ysoUinern, abonlut. intOning. asring, and rubng Machine, lS rintig Whet bout 200 setsmodern lloesh.4,000 lere *ost-ol. lent gold, floci, sin, hintz, cud ote paer basg, tiO ptem grounds, and Items On view theday priorand mosucgOfa0otwl,en cataiogne mav be head on the premises; ot io Wall, Uo,soEdictr 75, canetrenst cit; end ot the anctlon.er, 170, lqtete without. No, 60, St Pau' cch-rebyard,-To the Nobbity, Gentry, and other llig up thelr GAlleries-Au Asemhla5e dc(lid-clas P atlosst the Ancient and Moden Schooal, Two doe Brone or %be go.- Boxers Karl1 lorser: tbe umodern lotures distinctlwt -r BARKS will SELL by AUCTION, as above,. t. TUNS D3.Y (lruaesll, D,ombec the 8tb, #U 1edo* a OOLLUOTION of higholass PIOrURES ot the tho ll D.4oi snd JFemish m3stera, of whioh a few maybe found -seKoo Agn4e Dold Shlpping6, Ploo, lua; an Intedor,, Bs; 8 doi1 . by and after the foUowing mste- Kae Jan steen Osrae Axgx Robbima P.Mun Busin Hwe"cher van El"s On vie, and catalogues a aboe N.'& Money akdvd C4 ar d.tot oprrty Intendedfoe prosltive sale, X"& modes._ plstun havting thiertist'swamanty* This Evalnng Waesda), Dec 0. at half-Pad 6,-saowor HRoebolA Pinbit, rozewood Coetge 'jano, by Dsonto. 1*(oS. wrougt-ro te, cot-glam Gaselr, and BifocleC removed fr01a, IBlgu. Also a Stck of Perfumer, , flJWXSSRS. W. and F. 0. BONHAM have reodve Ji. yocloos Bo SELL by AUCTIOY, at thdr 5fT l 1no" 1ebslebe-straen. -quadrautt THIS Bah9(l a DoaamberbS. at hlf pof sufaer!oHOunOLg&'PUBNITLTRff remoreo. from Isligcton; soUsstl of a f ,irou, and J&psnund Arablan and Frenu h bedetee, bedsu 1a'Wtinleyket, rhet of drbwer mblSop od otherw dasei, StIetea, a ls 7-fe2t 3houYwfngedwrdrobe, attalleeaaat'e. 4tfect lo., ae6sof chaire, couches, and ebs snhasi eoroe eatbje elotb, obffouers, a &feet maho;gan poest aIdebord, sliest htax Ws of loo, dt ng,Oeswinnlr. faino, budoleesbeautiful narqleterfo bookae and lco1 tl a wal*nt-w roomi suite ooyere In green Utrecht velvet e e sg , forib, oDM by Dait n for Ihln tOl.lWt. fioeegtnWnster. aod feltpta rug, feudt-lnite. badumeebimney-gasse en arved omanacatlg frame,O.as gase-sru supeor cubsl ester, enlry. ples.tt L_55b *, wrugt rnstafcUt 51w 1 11,0 lInen mabloi stock or Ipeettisear, J TithHa ortequrements, and aait8Mi_ _ in iw anf, ulealtaigee e bove . - At the LondQ Ouutoroa sloJ RoA Mldyg -fHE folloewingWio ma .DI!vF1OO ulinm _3- oi otbranfdy I? seeOm A . II 1- ;.I 1? "I
