BIRTES. On the 17th uit, at Ticehul, Susees, the wife of Charles FL%M Neawington. Esqy., IUL., etf a son. On, the 12th lust. at D&rissloa Hill, Kieriden, Warwlokuhlre, the Wife of Charles Blakesley, Esq,, of a daughter. On the 14th ist., at Rose Baik, Nairn, the wife of Captain B. W. 3Duff, Paymaster, Fort George, of a son. On the 17th lnst., at Cipbs u, the wite ot Captain Clanuen, ol a daughter. On the 16tb Inst., at Tregunter, Brecosnhire, the wvifo oef . W. Roete, Esrq., of Roeue gount, eoonty Cork, of a o3n. On the 16th intt., at TaineU-park, Ira. it. P. liarding, of a eon. On the 17th lost., at Altrinchsom Cheshire, M William Tundor Mabley, of a son. atliborn. On the 17thitet., stOasn;eIr,nVM%. Barnes, the lion. Mrs. Froderiyk Yltzmauxlee, of a eon. On the 15th inat., at W-indsor, the wie of the Bav. Heory J. Eilon, (f a daughter. us On the I1th last., at 9, Choaterfield.utre,eFt Mayfair, the wife of Ediwardt IlanUtton Anson, Rsq., Beagal Civil Service, of a son. On the 16th inst., at N-orth, RuneoWn, ItNorfol1k, the wife of the Ites. 'Wilhamn Hay Gurney, of a son. On the 1lth ilot., at Woking, the wife of the Rov. Perceval I,aurece, ofa SOIL On the 16th intt., at Bemnourdgp, loe ot Wight, Irs. Wm, Jno. oen wick, of a 00u. On the b.th luht., at 10, Commercial-place, Cormevreial.road east, the wife of D. Ross, uRa,Mi.C6E, of a w,o On the 19th last., at 47, ChOPslowplace B3ayswate, the wife of Bleut. C. B. Brackenbusy, Royal EnsueAItitlery, of da4boter. On the 2Cth lout., at Blackheath-park, the wife of Richd, Gosang, Jnn.. Eury.. of a eon.h On the 20th inut., at 7, Meoutpeller Vilas, Stockwell, Mrm Jo3eph Hannah, of a. daughter. On the 20th inst., at 17, Northamptou-souare, the wife of Simeon Greenberg, of a 000. On the 20th Inst., MArs. John Christau Church, Lee, prematurely, of twins, which lived hot a few hours. Oa the 20th int., at Glany,ern, Debybhir, tue wifteof ,df ar Lloyd, REq., Jon, of a eon.P ,r On the 20th inst. (under chloroform), Mrs. 0. Wi. Shirley Brooks, of On Thursday, the 26th lust., ab Greenford. the wife of Dr. B. G*. La.haso, g.D., of a boy. On the 21st ilot.. at Wimbledon, the wife of FRobert Graham, Biur., 01 a yon.
MARRIAGES. On the 21st of MaTy. at the Brtitish Coneullate, Ningpo, by the Rev. W. A. Russell, Edwin Warusan, SEq., to Sasan Petry, only daughtmr of Capt. Edward Geale, of London. On the 13th Lust., at Sketty. by the 10e7. G. H. Welby, rector of 'Barrowby, %he Hro. Montague Earl Welbi, to Mary, dauzinter of the late I,. W. Detuwyn, Esq., of Sketty HalL near Bwransea. On the 19tht Inst.. Xt the Churelauof St. Nfary-le-gow, James Black, to Isabella, daughter of Major Wet, Macdonald. late Old ijgblaxdor On the 19th inst., at Perth. by the R87. IV. Blaltb, A..M., Edwrard Drieres, Eseq., ot Kirhlinumtmendort, in the Gztnd DuchLyof Hieck. lenburgtS,hwersq, to Charlotte, yotugest daughter of the late Allan Stewart, Eat., of St. Peteroonog. On the 19thL inst., by the Tlev. Dr. Adler. at the resldeEtes of the father of the bride, David Joseph.of Bels eof ark St. John's-wood, Esq., to Fenny, secod daughter of Lewis Davie, of Plumsteadcoom. mnoo, Kent, REq. On he 9thIns.. t S. Mry' EporoalChurch, Gla?gow, by the Rev. W. Inns. M.AN.., Ii W. S. Whiie. Seq.. orsl the War Odfioe, Fall. oal JsoKdr eThoroten-nhseqath,Cdroydon.tao Jeatee Irvine, only daugater of effey lcate. Eq.,an grnddugherof the late Andrew Scealo,g eq.,of ilacknrn,Lisltbsoehlr et granddaughtser of the latte Maor Philip Co4d' of lKengolahstZud Aunltead Cone; On the 20th loat, at St. Mary's, IsllnRtuo. Mr. James TPan, of Lincoln's-ion-felds. so Eliabeth, second da4gtatr of teeo late Air. Wiliau rB,cou, of Cenbridge-heath, EHaknuey. On the 20th last., at St. Barnabas Church, tensington, by the Rev. J. Brereton, Cjiarlotte Louisa Agassiz tO Ablexauaer Charles Bioe, Ireq., of Qusee's-garaenx, On the 20th Inst., at St. George's Chureb, Bloomsbury, by the Itov. Blamn Mandlale. rocotr of Rpl.Kent, J. Bill Scott. Req., to Maula3t: eldest daughter of Ira Puer, Req., of Wimbome Mineter and Kiosoa, Dorset. On the 20th Iest., at St. Mary'e, Bury St. Edmund's, by the Rev 0. J. *Phipp Ay,2LA., zector of Mnrytvhore. J. te~. I.ags, Z*q., Captain HO,M, 21ste Pusliteve end Knight of the Legion of tionour, to ChtarlOtte,fourth daughter of the late Rev. R. Johnsonrector of hveobaroBuffolk. Ou the 20th lst., at St. Saviour'e, Haverstock hil by the Re-. j. p. 1tieber, RD., Francis ERugues, around son of the late George Webb. REq, Secretay to toe Stck Exchangs, to GwVSD Ellen youngeat daughter of the late Rt, AL.Preece, Eaq., of Cwaroarvn On the 2Wbh inst., at St. Marylebone Church, by the Rey. HL A. LDrand, haplain of KIng's College Boopital, dntmund, non of the late pbb p W o n~~~~~~Ho. and Rey. Godo3Thors', REstq. of (laphacntise, to4 My o ane, daughe Fofler onaes OnTurd, she 20:h I, at t. srrence, Keunt, by the Levr G. W.isp sondn Sir Site ReightReyion. tJbe Liord o ehtice of A eayoilre, to luizabet Lucord daughter of Anthon e Crofton , E yJ.P., barrsee On th,e 20th inst., at Cah. am hourch. byuthanepBu, an Rev. Redl J. P. Fletothegr, raeto Tfzlortins fo Wadhae e Beets s,I Obto Jonexs. Re>3q., Boo m, or , to Ckthe. ine, d wort w daiz ohf thea ltee Jenry Pigeon Req.. of Porlapham.ineoardnebr, and ofTheyBorough South ac On the 20th Inst., at htte Lw eneto, Knb by the Rev. E. W. Jeffrlo moe .eJA,,s 8traSo Captai John Henry Blertherne, Boyshl Artillery,d W.th uothe Rebt R. He Lord Ja st ofolppeal In h'5 elad,eft ]fise ih, o orhsec Ssx ogataEiaondlaytro nhoyCotn e dau batrister. Pit-lawe.,o ogua.awut Kn' On the 20th Inst, atSt. Boute South amothaeR , bythe R v .a E3.P. Petbeheraneet Taylor,Req., of Wh5late rgandv O ano tof GHoe Ann. eldet dugher f te las Carls Brtrm, Fello,and Ms Teutsrof of hatot ills, iavrotok.slI an wiowof telatea Phrnostopan, mell z~q., f Prilehen KlcarinesjCeoan Owyole, Decks, gn ressited y th Sec W. . Hat, Jmes, eld eountyofJa Seomerse, On he 0thins., t te Cthoic hapl, adogantherride, anda thee ward attheparsh hord, S. Pui' ofKlghetside by orathheRv W. itiehle, vca o Coptn Bshp.Surrey. to Emhare Litle linbrtie, idowof he ass Ittam owen Wheatey Lack, ngt, o
DEATHS. After nearly 35 years' active aervlce inIn fdla.k Uld bythe treacierm mutlncemron the Hast May,BrlgadierJ. Henley HEandeoomb, ooucmand- toe Oude Brigade at Luknow, lateoo Padbury, Bucinghamehn I 1n ht2d year. h ai On the 16th June. croelly murdered at Darjeeling, Edward S. Whta, Llieutenant 10th Bert. B. Nf. I., eeoond son of tfe laite Llent., General Whlah, of Clilton, GlocewatWehre. On the me.anlug of the ltthof June. aear Mahob., shot through the heart by a dacoje, to the inext,reeelble grief ot his bereaved maother and family, Lientenant Somercet Edward Deane Townshend, Bengal Artilery, third son o1 the late Lord BIshop of Mezath. On the 20th June, in Bundlecnnd, from a stroke of the gcm aftte many dayt' euifferieg while ieekleg a refuge from the InutlneereLe~ James Henry Barber, of the late 12th Bengal N.L, aged 31, edest -on ot Captain Barber, of Merton Abbley, Surrey. On the 4,th of July, at Hingolee, BErt lndlee, E;lzabeth Aneatal," the beloed wife of Major O(rr, Commanding ArtWllery, IL.EL Nia s Service. On the 6th inst., at Holybead, 0. T. Denlop, Esq., St. RoUox, On the 0th Inst., at bi meiree nde, the lt.v. J. S. Sergrove, L,B., reotor of St, Mary Somereet, London, and Cooling, Kent, aged 6 7, On the 13th Inet.. at Biaorlz, the Honj. FrancIs St, floppolyte m,ur. ray, Infant eon of Lord anc Lady Etlbank. On the oD th inst.v at Portamoutb, John Campbell (c), Keq., E D, Elorgeon, Royal Navy. On the 11th inst., at Camberweli New-read. Ann Elira, widow of iSohsrd Hanks, jnu, of Rateif, and relit of Augustus Todd, of Hampstead-roadi, aged 71, deeply and deservedly regretted, On the l7th inst., at St. Johm'e-wood, ce, Mtaria Guiohard. XLF. On the 18th lint., at No. 1, Pembroke-place, Fitrhey.wrordc St. John'a-wood. Helen, theyoungestchild of J ohneown T. Muegrve, q. eurgeon, aged 14 monthL. On the 19th lint., in lils 12th Year, of sealatlna, Henry Richard eldest eom of Mr. Henry F. Grltten, of 49, Tachbrook.etret, Pim1lioo On the 10th lest.. at Manley Hall, Staffordahire (of biious fever); John Bhawe Manley, Beq., aRed 62. On the 19th in4t., at the manufactory 15 Gzreat Win4mIilltreet, agd6,Mr. Jamea Guns fr45 years a LaltAculservn fat e, = UTuner. and cons. 31, Haymarket, by whom he wus deservedly esteemaed and ie much regretted. On the 10th in t., Grlretth CadwalIader. the eldest aoni of Mr. W. 0. Foulkes, of 46. Thornton-heath, Croydon. On the 19th lint., aged 80. at 19, Queen'e.road wreat, Itegent's.park. the residenace of her son, Mary Anne, widow of the lste J. J1. Bren. NJeb On the 20th inst., John Blandford, Beq., of Sutton Month1, 8omersetihire, aged 75. On Thursady, the 20th bInt., a6t 1, Ta-vlton-etceet Gordon-squace, Janie. the beloeteo wife of Robert Charles Esq., aged 6j,
Tnx DIvoRicE AwD MAm oio AL CAius Buz.- We have reoeived a copy of this important Bills. amended in committee of the whole House of Commons red a third time, and sent up yesterday evening for the ooncmurence of the House of Lords, in which assembly it originated. The Bill now contains66 clases. Itputs anend to the juriodlc. tion of all the existing ecoclesistical courts, as regards qUeStiOns of mariago (except so far ma relates to the puting of marriage lioenses), and enacts that all ig n causes audmatters matrimonial shallbe transferred to, dealt with, and decided by the new Court of Marriage and Divorce, as if the same had been therein originally instituted. The new " Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes" (so styled by the Bill) wil be a court of record andcourt of the Lord High Chancellor, the Chief Justices, and the Chief Baron of the three saperior courts of comon law, and the judge of the Court of Probate constituted by au Act of the present sewdon. Decrees of divorce atcnsd d thoo will henoeforward ase, and instead theref, the new court will pronounoeasentence of Ijudicial separation," which will have the same force and effect. The judge cE the Court of Probate will be styled the " Judge Ordin ry" of the New Court of Divorce, and have full authority to hear all matters ariing therein, by himself or with one or more of the other udge4 his collenaue, except petitions for the disolutoon or annulling of mrriages, and applioations for new trials of questions or imues before a jury, biUs of exception, special verdicts nd speoial cases Petitions for the dieolu. tion of marrages, and the other excepted eaes, rant be heard by three judges at the least, of w hichthe Judge Ordinary Ls to be one. The court will sit in such place in Lon. non, or in the county of Widdlesex, as the Queen in Council may from time to time appoint. Advocates or proctors now practing in the ecclesbaticnl eourt, and all barristerx. attorneys, and solictors entitled to practise in the superior courts at Westminster, Will be entitled to pracftle in the new Court of Divorce and Matrimonil Causs. A mentenoe of " judicial separation " (having theeffect of the old ilvorcefroml bed and beard) maybe obtained under the Bill, either by the husband or the wife, on the ground of adultery, cruelty, or causeless desertion for two years and uopwards. Applications for ch separations re to be made by either pt by petition to the oourt, or to anT judge of asize held in the locality where the parties reside or lat resided, or to the Cours of Quarter Sessions, or to the Recorder of the city or broaag in which the putbe re er were last resident. The looalauthorities thus pontedout will have full power to swceive such applicaios and to decree a "judicial separation " they may als order liImony for the wife. An appeal, however, willietothe Judge Ordinary of the regular entral,court from the decrees of thes local authorities, but no such appeal wil stay the intiim exocution of the order for separation. Wives deserted by their husbands may at any time apply to a police magistrate, ot to the pett sessioDs, for an order to otectproperty aned bythemselves, orof which theymay ve become possessed, since the secesdon of their husbands, against their husbands or their husbads' creditors Decrees of separation obtained during the absenoo of the husband or wife may be reversed on application and proof. *Wives " judicially separated " will be oonidered feme ioks as regards questions of propertr, and for purposes of contract and suing. So muc for e temporary ndeonditional separation of married couples But it is further enacted by the Bil that petitions for an entire and abolute dissolution of the marriage may be presented to the Court of Divorce, on the ground that the wife has forfeited her eonjugal rights by the crime of adultery, or that the husband has been guilty (we quote from the text of the BllM) of "incestuous adultry, or of adultery oommitted in the conjugal residence, or of bigamy with adultery, or of rape, or of sodomy, or of bestiality, orof adultery coupled with such cruelty as, without adultery, would have entitled the wife to a divorce d rnmed d thoro, or of adultery, coupled with desertion without reasonable excuse. for two years or upwards. " Incestaous adultery" will be taken to mean adultery by a man with a woman with whom, If his wife were dead, he oould not lawfully contract marriage by reason of her being within the prohibited degrees of consaguinity or adnity. Adulterers may be m ade corespondents to petitions for divorce, and contested matters of fact may be tried, if the parties insist, by a jury. If the Cout of Divorce be satin fied that there has been no colluslon, condonation, or conniance, and that the charge of the petitioner is preved, the marriage will be absolutely and finally " disolved" with the provixo that the decree to that effect shall not Fe pronounoed if the petitioner hu been gailty of adultery or unreasonable delay in presenting the petition, or of having deserted the other party, "without reasonable excuse," before the act of adultery complained of, or of wilful neglect or misoenduct conducing to the adultery. Alimony might be awarded to wives, even in the event of the marriage being thus dissolved. Husbands may claim damages from adulterers If they plese, and such claims wil be heard and tried onthe ame principles, in the same manner, and subject to the same rules and regulations al actions for. crim. con., the damages being determinable by the verdlit of a jury. Adulterers, made co-respondents, may be aulcted In te whole of the costs The custody of children will be provided for by interim orders of the Court of Divorce. Questions of fact maybe tried before the court by the verdict of a jury, specils or common, and the oourt may direct issues to try matters of fact in any eourt of common law. A number of clauses refer to the mode and forms of procedure before the oourt Al witnaes will be sworn and examined orally in open court, where their attendance can be secured. An appeal will lie from the decisions of the Judge Ordinary (in cases where he is authorized to decide alone) to the fiof court, and an appeal from decrees dissolving marriages will lie from theo Court of Divorce to the House of Lords (within three months) Clause 55 enacts that after the lapso of this period Zllowed for appal, nd sup ig the decree of dissolution to stnd fast, I it shall be Fflul for the respective parties to the miarriage to marr again, as if the prior marrage bad been dissolved by deat," provided that "no clergyman in holy orders of the United Church of England and Ireland shall be compelled to olemnize the marriage of any person whose former m rriag may have been dissolved on the ground of his his or her adulery, or be liable to any suit, penalty, or censure for solemning or refasing to solemnizte the mar riage of any such person." The following clause, however (56), provides that, although A minister may refuse to solemnize such marriages bimself, he must, neverthele, permit any other minister of the ustablishment, officiating m the dioeess, to perform the marri ge srvioe in the nero. chialchurchorchapeL Clause7tterminates thescandalof actions for crim. oon. The fees under this Bill will be collected by stamp, to be "stamp duties" under the management of the nland Revenue Department. Clause 62 seures oompensation to proctors in the Bocdalsasti Court two years hence, at the bnds of the Tresur; the compensation to be calculated on a compoarion, in e ac ease, of the average dear gains of the three yeas before the passing of the Act, and the two years snoceednag. e compensation will, if grnted, be a life annulty, such annuity in no ease to exoeed one moiety of the nnual lows acertained as aforesaid. The slary of the judge of theCourt of Probate,if hbe appointedju ge ordinaryofth aew Court of Divorce (as is profesed), will be 5,0001 a ear- but such judge, if afterwards appointed judg2e o the Couri of Admiralty, wlille entitled to no increme of saary. The rues of procedureasdayearly soountoffee7 o, are tobedlaidhefore Parliament, And now, likethe oomnitteeo tho e of Commons, we have exhau6tedtheclut of the Divcae nd Matrimonal Caures Bill, which maybe expeoted ln tbe course of a few days to become n Act of Parllamast, sad asuSch, part of the statute law of theland. SOau MPON, Friday.-The screw utex merAlmogaar, Captain Castelb, arrived here thlis morning from Cornnna,Santander,l&r., 'with eigt paeners ancd a smanl cargo. Sheisnowingravingdoo,kforthe pooeof bei cleaned and painted, and leaves for Hvre aDa zte t panizs por14 on O hurda nextt
P.BrsNozs rxAr I ITE elAlc by theh PsalermAale ef d fYa raw6g to 64Hh time, in the preds of an sul .tht ____W abe ok ., When heseurainfell mrAKeaM.a forward ied the followiUg TM **Y.a adi "Ladie and Gentlemen,.. e he" ing }iVt doeseae hoving arved, It b i big y* i thak you vary *oney td no ms mowuIaI e~~~~~~~~rmth.seg worksZ eon Ehabs3. poew. The Aighty havowels vs thronged ths Atr thfcienlyt ind; tb Yli wte do4d ow iior-^i dimlnhsodaractoob itsplybeaue,theeopt_A'L having bee almost em unnerpkt esepaip Js.m Reun and myslf ael at 1egth tbb 1 Jo y ode fetrw cessation from such inteomot ellt body an& UI&L on-% the 12th of October we b to weloe-9:11 her to ST&: deorated theate, fronwih I pode lA.," if indeod any, furthei repose until he - ab e of my u nagerl career. In the moentim I h exet y t power to promote what I belive to bet bet i of the dra3a, and thereby merit ae t fr hithaeto so liberally bestowed ipon my et byy tr and xteadiest friend-thpubic.* The above spech wAs recived with om ap u' throughont, sme at the peengeIn which yp]l Krm hnte at the approaching cloe of his manag. aee. TA paap vwa honoured by 1ieNe, M the ret of th apee1 wax honoured by ches. The son that hs thus terminated is, In trmt, U* most rearkable that ban bee known during Ue whsl peiod of Yr. a. ean's managemet. Thosegand "revival" that have earned for the Prinoess a fae s-e' gether unique have r.umbered four inoe the lot oWSW tember, when the mon commenoed, and ave been n. les ditinguished by the magnifcneno p tvadlnthem sl than by the vriety of epochs and euntrie that thiy have illustraed. Witlx respect to the fae of thm, te Pizarro of Kotzebue, one ro4ht be tempted to repet that. aQ l.geau outlay wa 8 madeon a Om of such algUiNUI worth, but nevertheless the .manaer showed hI superior to the author by using the drama t e. of a a anvs wheronto, werk a u ogissintve soW of; plctures, referfing to an epoh usdo toucd by u i, atrL If we could no longa shed tea over Ute woe of Rolls, and sympathzed but little with the inflAt8dethisef Orosembo, we ere, at any rat, fortunate to tae put IE. tbe gorgeous crmmonies of the Incas, and to stroll through. gardens in which golden trees were the splendid sub_tituke for naturl vegetation. In the msidsusmmr xigAs' D ,e ve had an instance of a ihly poeticsl work, mwstpoeti. ally decorated, and whle iz. Ken found fullsoer the employment of i historkal genius in gAitd F406e reality to the Theseus scenes of the play, thefn that displayedin exhibiting the nooks and corners of fair7land,' peopled with pictursaque elve reved a nea taw t- tba had never been surped. Still geaer WA the triumph of kuird rl., which wa unquestionay. the beat of all his medieval representations. The unrina1s& " epsode," in which the fortun;s of Richard and B4o1g. broke were brought into such sAking contrast, the.lis on, Gosford green, the deathbed of Jobn of Gant, eombbed, to render the sge an historkal museum, in which5, however, the histrionic elementw predomiant. IdelineatnW, the sorrows of the humbled monarch Mr. Kean acted wih more intense pathos than In any chrar which he had representod since the revival of Henry VIII., and itin,. remarkable fact that the two plays which xsand highet, a accurate reproductions of English history are likewis those in which-among all the "reviv&W-the acor has. been moot conspicuous. Such fine impersonati tbg. Cardinal Wolsey and RAichard of Mr. Kean, and tho Qaeens Katharine and Isabella of rsL Kean, were pre.. tical refttatlons of the theory commonly adsvneed, tbh. stagedecoration has a tndency to swamp dramtic in.- tereat. We do not man to amet that this thoy is wholrl. without foundation; for where the drama interest ib In itself weak any aoomry that diverts attentica from the main business d the scene wl n*e it till weaker. A very little splendour, for In sanoe, willservetooutshine xsch a personage seontes, in the Wina'ts 2Takl-much more such a burst of Helleal ad Asilatic magunifoene as diinguisbed the revival of that drama, lst yeor, But when the dramatic Intuetis in ito trong, and Is susained by such delineations a those abeve enumeratd, it will not only defy the eclipdng power of t sene painter, but even grow skronger tbrough the aflt. tional reality ooferred by deoorative,ar, Tbe g to! which Wolsey bade a " long farewell" is rendered rnm appart by such a repregentation of York Plses as was given on the boards of the Prinoess Theatre; and the humiliation of Richard IL becomes oonspicuous inadeed whe the speech of York to the Daches Is masde the foundatorL of that inimitable " epiode that shows in a manner totally unpreodented the chasge of the multitude consequent upoz a change of fortune, As for the fourth revivl-the rmnpest-its merits are too fresh in the ilngq ta" t emark tha tt ia1,r tst s _s. slc __
SAIE OF RARe BOO&-On 'Thur ay eu.y terday there was a salSothebyeand .Sotkeby n, in oewngton. o re collectin of exrlh Engoo h, Bibles and Testaments, ad othr old English bUok, of a =rae Bdnd. A onthe book olwere the Eirt and mno rure ition of the famou versin (dedlated to. queen Elizbe gn . rst quao editi of. Coverdales b ntstate. Its Unted a Munich in e, on the old and aew Testament,whapocrypht ra r ua ettveryrareilL Bibl, sttedto be tefr ngihBible" pited, extremely rare 15.35. T-Ia firs oetat trans. lpatinon off the whole BbIL into !engih and prblyoeo the rarest bookrs in the lanuage, Is consd rerod at in production of Tyndale sad Coerdale, bnt i -areree CoverdaWrs Bible--19W. Aniother 'dByb itd black letter, 1537, sold for 231. A Bib tion of Taverner's Bible, of great rho q Byble,w printead in the reignof K f "Matthew's Tranation," "tThe9 Cra roer's edition with o its holeing tb4-12n. f,. oBible and Holy scriptes,o n the Oldo and Newe Testament, translated o tot Ba and Greke, and conferred with the S i n diver Ingamo:iethmost profitable annota un a te prd The Genevan version, he first time in Scotland, folio, Ainetoy xrml ae e has the first titlen fI ie the i the leaes the maps, and the n t ; o e dinbuh A. Arbuthnot, I69111. il,wt pcyh, folio, woodauts, t Genevan ven w it o vised New Tesament, fine copy mr Deouties of C. Barker, 1597-6 gInaf ilo' "Pitdice lotlng first editi with three diferent titlepags dated 167 Si 1668 and 166 Ruissi extra ;avery fine oopyl4 Os D By (Tbeodori, Jobaunis, at, Irrselis) CollcinsPrgie tionnum in Indiam Orientalem et In Ida cietli xxv. ?lartibus Comprehensw~" bound in 10 vols. folio, with a profusion of oopper.pltes exhibiting. the costume, customs, maxnners, and hatt. of the inhabitants of countrie met with by the early navigators ; first edition, withth scare Eleuchus, and the very rare appendix Regni Cono fine awtin dark blue morooco, by Thouvenin Eranoof., 150 1634 ; one of the maost desirable copies ever offered for sale1604 "1Dives et Pauperg (aompndious Treatiwe Dyalogue& of), thatig to say, the nihe and the pore, fru. tunosly tretying upon the 2K Commandment.. Folko. black letter, dark morocco extra, gilt eds Finishd thbe Vth day of Juyl, the yere o ours lord miIccCLxxXXSI. Emprented by me Riobrde rynao., at the temple bane of london"-thc firi work printe by Pynaon with a date; very rare; a sound and perfect copy ora rery uncommon bcok-50k (Glauvi) " Bartholomeua de Propiietatibas Rerum" (hntransae Into English by 3odm de Trevisa) ; folio, black letter, extremely rare; complete with the exception of first and aconDd leaves beauti. fully faosimiledi brown morocco, gilt edges old style ; ynydeWords, circ& L,49i-351. 10.. "Hlgdes (nu phe olicronloon. And now at this tyme symply emiprynted newe and aetteo in forme by me, Wynkyyu de Worde, and a yyemeyba fro thold "Wne c `folio black letter, mostrare, dark mnorocco, azcient style 16 edord;-a few ofthe margins have beeni. skilfully replaced-the title sand leaf at end with, Caxtons's large device in capital fee simile-"1 Ended the thyrteentl dlAye of Apryl, the tenth yere of Kyn Harry the VII.,au of the incarnacyon of our lod ecccor.xmyx. Em. prynted &t Westminster by WynkndWod.Aou. remarkable for the beaut, fi tydepogrdehicA exeuwin 371. This interesting sal will be =oncudyed"" timlaa.n Tirz ODD FPxnnows.-.SouzffAvimo, MrdY.- The adjourned hearing of the charges preferred against Mr. -Tames Charles Cox, late Grman Master of the Iidepe6ncut, Order of Odd Fellows, Mancheste Unity, and serearynd treasurr of the Southampton distict took placet-da in. the borougbpoie.e t h aitae nthe benchk being the Mayor (r3.Wte, Cptan BEnt", W. J. . Stabbing, an d iF.2 3 tLb As oan +th&eprevotiouoa sicn; Mr. Coxwell appeared as tolialtor for the lmreowfttie, and Mr. Foock for the defendant, who was, brgdwietW -wiftholding and wrongUly, applying the sum of 1461 (re.; duced bydeduetions, we beiee to 129L). The =agIstrates. considered the charge oif withholding the lmo.ey fullj' psoved~ and made an order oii the defendant to pay thei anu,ovrimmledisatey, skid Iin adefat of iievmant to: be imprisoned for two months. 'withotut hard laborr. The PoednsWer taken unode the 24th scton of the rrkdlySoietesAct, had the hevaviest met Wt provide s imprisonmntot for h linmona With hard l abo r,Ana fine of 2D04, theintlaton of * the penalt in' this em being made ineoonasquenc of thme dci ndanthavinr; used his effobrta to restore a v6cded.erable portien of the, fandx indeiault. Mr. Ooxwell IntitAted -in the ojpenbn of his addres4 thst he heuld carefully witbhhodU an llb-' aof nto gpavorehaugeewvbich twas intended lo rFWera s soon as thisese wan decided, &ad after the Beech bad delivored judgment the learied: -etea sai tatW~ fliedo , le bsh oulMd unkdersoo that the sharts allude fto y MVr. Col atI forenbezelement of! elain ton" aleged to hay. lees We devd*Lefqendant~, and nit aoeounte for, at to has. beendby 'him, and notto pad. Tlmeproceediinls ecca u outfor Ae heunr add exAted'Xrei IONTeres
PARLAMEl1TA1Y INTELLIGENG& EOIJSE OF tORDS, FlIDnAY, Avarou 21. The LORD C0ANCELLOR took his seat on the Tol I hack at 5 o'clock. The Bishop of CLESrTER presented a petition: from a place in f9ex against the Divorce BilL SALE OF OBSCENE BOOus, &a., PREVENTIOT Liord CAMPBELI, said he was happy to find that their lordilipa had just received an intimation that the House of COnmFnons had agreed to the Bill for more tffeotuelly prefuting the sale of obscene boolis and prints, with certainx amen!dments; and be should move on hlonday that their lordships do agree to those amendments. le thought the tendency of those amendments was to gnard against any abuse .hat might arise from the power vhich this Bill con-I ferred. It was required, for instanoe, that there saould be evidence given of some sale or exhibition for eale of such obscene books or prints before the 'warrant was granted, and there was an appeal given to the quarter sessions against the decision of the magistrates ,with the view of ascertaining whether the books or articles were of the description stated in the warrant. He did not believe those amendments were necessary, but as they were ih entire conformity with the spirit of the Bill he should advise their loidebips to agree to them. There was another amendment-name3y, that this Bill should not extend to Scotland. With respect to that amendment, theLordAavocate bad infcrmed him that the Bill was wholly unneces'sry in that part of the kingdom, for by the common law of Scotland they had powers more stringent for putting down nuisances of the kind in question than it was proposed to confer by this Bill, and those powers, he was inforrmed were exercised. He might be permitted to say that perhaps those powers had contributed to the greater morality which was allowed to existin the northern part of the kingdom. THIE INDIAN ARMY. The Earl of SHAFTESBURY said,-I beg, my lor3s, ti move for the production of a paper of very great importance at the present moment.. I allude to a document wvhich has appeared in one of the evening papers, containing a circular order of Sir Henry Somerset, the General Commanding-i.-Chief at Bombay, in which he pre. stcribes cetain rules for enlistment, and declares it to be indispensable that no low caste men should be admitted Into the ranks of the native army when others can be obtained, inasmuch a " from ill-feed ing they are rarely equal in stamina to their better caste neighbours, and are generally deficient in that pride and soldierlike feeling which it is our dt to inculcate as essential to the well-being of the native army." I should say that this order was issued some days before the general outbreak, and that as soon as it vwas issued it was cancelled by the local Government. I think it very desiable that a copy of that document should be laid on the table of this House, in order that we mnay see what has been tho course of conduct of the regimental officers and the comraanding officers with reference to that which lies at the root of the matiny ia the Bengal army, i believe that all persons acoquainted, with India woutld admit that nothing has tended more to laxity of condtct and discipline, to foster a spirit of mutiny in the Bengal army, and to mske the troops proud, conceited, arrogant, and resistant to the proper labour and duty imposed on all other soldiers than this homage that hasa'oeen pald to Brahminical caste. I must say the dis. closures made in tho papers lately laid before this House are sufficient to warn us of the evils of pandering to the vanities and bigotry and rligious prejudices of the Eindoos (Hear, hear.) I may state to your lordships that when General Hearsey disbanded the 19th Regiment he found 419 high caste men in that regiment alone. ( Eear, hear.) i believe that nothing has tended more to foster the prejudices of the natives and to encourage among them self-conceit and thu idea of possessing exclasive rights and privilege; than the apparent homage paid to them by the officers and the European authorities. I must say this is a principle vholly inconsistent with the position which we occupy in India. It is certainly inconsistent -with our political position and with our position as a Christian coantry. (Eear, hear.) I for one would desire to see Christianity disseminated in Iudia; but, in order to aid that object, I would not enter into any Quixotic crusade against the habits and feelings of the people. (Hear, hear.) I would leave all that to the silent operation of the Christian missionaries. But if we as a Government ought to abstain from forcing Christianity on the natives of India, we as a Government oaght equally to abstain from fostering religious bigotry and Pagan idolatry. (Hear, hear.) I do not know that any one single thing has done more mischief throughout India than the homage that has been paid to the system of idolatry by declaring that the Brahmins were to be selected and preferred above aU others for service in the native army. (Hear, hear. I want, therefore, to know from some member of Her Majesty's Government whether the principle of selection to which I have alluded is to be recognized in future. For myself I believe if the primciple -were laid down that men of the lowest caste, such as Pariahs, Sudrss, and Chundals, should be admitted to stand in tbe same rank as men of the highest caste without an3 thing in the nature of exclusion, you would Po further to put down Brabsminism than by any other mode of notion to 'which you could possibly have recourse. (Hear.) I think it would be very advisable to act upon the principle laid down by General Jacob in a pamphlet he has recently published-that In making levies the consideration should be, not who are the best 'ndoos, but who would make the mott true, obedient, and loyal soldiers. I hope my noble friend will relieve the public mind by giving an assurance that in future the levies of theo Bengal army will be raised on the principle adopted in Madras and Bombay, and that no preference whatever will be given to the Brabmins on account of their esate. Earl GRANVILLEM-I shaU not objoct to the productlon of the general order to which the noble earl refers, and any other papers which may be necessary for its explanation shall also be laid on the table at the same time. There is a very natural disposition on the part of the military authorities in India to enlst men of the higher castes, on account of their supposed nobler qualities and greater courage. The noble earl has expressed his belief that a great deal of the mischief which has arisen is attributable to ibe attention and respect paid to the religious prejudices of the llindoos. I have no doubt that in some instances mistakes of this kind may have been made, but it is quite clear that mistakes have also been made in the opposite diretion, and I think, both for the maintenance of our powver in India and for the interest of the Christian religion, it is the duty of the Government to remain as neutral as possible with regard to religious questions. (Hear, hear.) The noble earl has asked me to give an assurance as to the mode in which the Bengal army shall in future be levied; but, whatever may he my opinions on the subject, I think it would be presumptuous on my part, after the dire-ful experience we have had of the necessity of looking at the question in every light, to give any distinct pledge as to the manner in which the Indi armies shall in future be organied. The amendments made by the Commnons to the amend. ments of the Lords in the Lunatic (Scotland) Bill and the Boundaries of Btrgbs Extension (Scotland) BiU were con. sidered and agreed to. CONSOLIDATED FUND (APPRO PRIATION) BILL. On the order of the day for the third reading of this Bill, Lord MONTEAAGLE, who spokc with his back to the gallery, and was consequently very indistinctly heard, said, he wished to take this opportunity of calling their lordships' attentionto two orthreepoints of some importance. He as sure their lordehips would be entirely agreed that, con. ldering the trouble which unfortunately now existed in different parts of the Bast, every possible effort ought to be made to support the anthority of Great Britain, and that vith such an object no niggardly feeling with regard to expenditure ought to be entertained. Although he hoped a satisfactory and permanent European peace had been concluded, it was clearly impossible to terminate all expenditure for warlike purposes at the close of the war. This country bad made prodigious efforts during the war, and they might look back to those efforts, in a financial point of view, with great satisfaction. The people had borne, with a generous confidence unexampled in history, the heavy amount of taxation which It had been necessary to impose So far from the corsmercial and manufacturing interests of the country having suffered they 'were nover In a more satisfactory condition. One important subject to which be wishedtocalltheattenffnof the Housewasthatof thesavin banks. In the absence of any one more com tent sbonld have endeavouced hinaelf to call thir lord- shipa' attention during the present session to the subject, but at an early period of the session a Bill was introduced connected 'With the savings-banks, which was considered likely to come before their lordships' House, end thereforo he did not think it would have been respectful to trouble theirordships'vwith any observations relating to the matter, when probably by that Bill sany of the objections he entertained to the present system might have been removed, or if not hie should have had an onpor. tUnity of introducing aamendments into the measure. Sow. ever, that Bill had been withd-rawn, *nd he nonv fel ithi duty to call their lordabips' attention to tho matter, not as they were accustomed to view it, as a machine to improve the condition of the working classes and to give them new motives for industry and content, and with those new motives to establish a most important and lseful link between them and the Ph ble credit of the country, teachin,g them practicaUly the great and undeniable lesse that wit re * t t th,rosperitt:fB prsons teore was no distinction between the high and t owtherich and the poor, hut that the prosperiyo one was an essedntial element in the prosperityof al, and that there was nbone in the menneed world, whet I tle nAMe 'Of A Rothschild er a Baing, mioreinestdn the mnaintenanc of credit, both public and private, than the hopumblest classes; but as a means of carrying out. object 'which wsore not criginalD connected with the fnstitution Of savings-banks. At the tine wheat the savings-ba were foundled by berae-zolemt individuals thLe last thing that could have been oonteraplated or desired, but which theirlordshipsI now must contemp te and he thOuRat re get was that the savings-banks, insit*atioa of charity aon benevolee, were to be connected in s ny shape whatever wth tlhe spezative interests of the State, if it had beeno suggestedat teime th&t the sa-vings-banks were tohbe mad'e instituatioins to xup.- port public credit, or to aseist in any Mcmesre of finance and give s.upport to speculation, the originators of the savings-banks would have shnddered at the idea. Indoed, it coud not hlime been anticipated that the accumulations in these Institutions snede by the inidustrious classes would have reachbed to so highs a sum as 35,000,0001. The Govern- JmztWm xqlqtanly GoamprQI to bs'omom Goseiseed withl the nlings-berths, but the intexposition oi the Government in thtir suamigement was Intended but for one purposetMbixey) to insure the security of the money and to give to lie ilstitutions the advantage of Government counte- =ce. The savings-banks' stock of this country was laced in the hands of tustees, those trstees being the Chancellor of the Exchequer and various public officers of great importance. Now, it was casting a great weight upon official persons, who had imrportant direct duties of their own to discharge, to make them ex officio members of an unreasonable numnber of boards, the active duties of wbich their own primary duties render them unable to discharge. The savings-banks of this oountry had outgrown the original establishment, and their control ought to be placed in hands m ore directly before the world as responsible for the management. It was al in vain to think of sending round London to find a Secretary of State or a Master of the Rolls, in order to make up a quorum7, which when assembled was even then perfectly useless for the purposes of deliberation. But this was a small part of the mnatter, for he was about to show that the present system contained within itself a great liability to jobbing of the worst character. It gave to the Government of the day, as represented by the Finance Minister, a power over publio credit which it was improper to place iL the hands of any one single person. He rejoiced that when making these observations a right hon. friend of his filled the office of Chancellor of the Exchequer, whose chaneter and integrity rendered it utterly impossible for any oue to suppose that his remarks, affecting an abstract question, could in the slightest degree apply to that able and eminent individual; and he availed himself of this advantage in discussing the question and in endeavouring to show that the system which now existed by law was a system impossible to bo defended. The 35,000,0001. which he had spoken of as being the enormous capital of the savings-banlks might be sold, bought, exchanged, or invested in Exchequer-bills or in stock ; and aU the operLtions wbich could be effected by the la4,est capitalists in tho world were to be effected under the direction of the Government. As far as this arose out of the necessary effect of busing and seling whrt was required for the purpose of the savings-banks, he bad no observation to make on it; but the n-oney was employed for purposes very far beyondthe necessities of the savings-banks. It was employed for purposes which told on the public finances. Suppose a Chancellor of the Exchequer knew that at a particular time he was about to alter the interest of Exchenuerbi11s, or that he was about to lund, or to make a loan, if he went into the market with a knowledge of that fact, of course lo dealt in that maiket at an enormous advantaga as compared with other persons. That had been done in the course of the present year. There occurred a considerabla depression in the funded debt, and 2,000,0001. was realiztd, not by deposits, btit by the actual sale of one descriptiou of security in order to apply it for the purpose of raising the credit of another description of security. In June or Jnly the time approached when, according to general usage, Exchequer-bills would be exchangeable. It happened that at that time they were at a discount, and purchases were made In order to change that discount to a premium. Those operations were carried on until the timna for exchanging camne, and in the meantime parties Ending a premium upon the bills sufficient to encourage them to hold retained tbem untl that period. Immnediately after the exchange, however, the purchases of tho Government ceased, the premium became a discount, and those who had continued to hold were the sufferers. That ought not to be. There ought to be no such thing as buying and selling in the public secarities for the purpose of gaining on the stock speculation. The Chancellor of the Exchequer and the other trustees were trustees for the benefit of the savings-banks only, and there could be no justification for, such a proceeding. He did not say that it was contrary to any law ; but his objection was to the law itself, and he said that no such facilities ought to be given. The events of late years fully justified the anticipations which he had ventured to make some time since; and he protested against the new doctrine that it was justifiable to buy acd sell in order to mnake a profit on the transaction, in order to indemnify the country against losses which the trustees sustained in the rate of interest that they paid. The consequence of these proceedings was, that no faith could be placed in the security of the funded debt of the country while the unfunded debt was dealt with in such a manner. A great State should jealously preserve its public credit, for if it parted with it it would be laying aside that wealth which it possessed over all other Powers; but, in order to preserve that publie credit, it must be wiiely and justly dealt with. For three or four years, however, unexampled in the history of this country, tbhp whole of the unfunded debt had been so discredited In the market that if simlar circumstances could have happened to any oae inercbant in London he would have been in the Gczette 20 times over. Many of these things which he regarded as objectionable had beeu done by some of the predecessors of his right hon. friend who now filled the olfice of Chancellor of the Exchequer. Some of them had been done by himself even (a laugh) ; bat he totally objected to them nevertheless. There was another point to which he wished to direct attention, Although the constitution permitted it, the privileges !of the Rouse of Commons di not allow their lordsilp3 to consider practically the taxation of the country. That vas to say, they could not impose a tax-and, perhaps, that was the last privilege which their lordsbips would wish to possS; but they were continually brought in contact with the finances of the country - indeed, the law required &Ua financial accounts to be brought under their consideration. Those accounts were annually presented, and their lordships exercised their judgment upon every Bill, of whatever nature, that came before them. In connexion with this subject he wished to call attention to an alteration in the form of that important return known as the Public Income and Expenditure Return-an alteratiouwhich, in his ouinion, ought never to have been made, and certainly not wit out notice. One of the duties of Parliamentwagtoendeavourtopayoffaportion of the funded debt; and in order to do that it was the practice to appropriate each year a certain proportion of the surulus of income over expenditure. The return which he held in his hand consisted of two parts, one showing the income and expenditure, and the other showing the amount of balances. Now, in the former of these accounts, under the head of expenditure, there appeared for the first time an item of no less than 2,000,000L. of the public money which had been applied to pay of Exchequer-bonds. Payments of this descripton had hitherto uniformly been included in the second of these accounts, which showed the progress or diminution of the public debt. The result of the alteration, however, was to increase the expenditure by 2,000,0004, and thus to dimninish in a proportionate degree the power of paying off the national debt, There was another point, and one of a very material character, to vwhich he wished to call attention. In the course of the last year there had been not onlyttwo sessions, but two Parliamaents, and consequently there had ben twvo AppXopriation Bills. Now, in the Act at present before their lordships a constitutional principle of the greatest possible importance had been departed from. Ie was willing to suppose that it had been violated only through misapprehension or by mistake, but he thought the point was one which Parliament ought not to pess over. The vital principle of this Bill had always been comprised in a clause of appropriation, limiting the public expendiure to the votes ofaParlament. Fromathe time of WilliamIII. up to the present day there had always been inserted in the Appropriation Bill a clause which was drawn up by no less an autbority than Lord Somers, zndwbich was to this effect:- The said aids and supples provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to anyuse, intent, or purpose what. soever other than the uses, intents, and purposes before mentioned, or for the other payments, appropriation, or applicatfon directed to be made or satisfied thereout." In the Bill now on their lordships' table, however, this clause was omitted, and something totally different was enacted. By clause 27 it was provided :-" So much of the 20th of Victoria, cap. 20, as limits or restricts the issue or application of the several sums granted to Her Majesty to the services voted in that session of Parliament, shal be, and the same is, hereby repealed; and the sums granted by the said Act and those granted by this Act shall and may be issued and applied generally to any use, intent, or purpose mentioned in or to defray any payment directed to be satisfied by this Act." The difficulty no doubt arose from the existence of the two Appropriation Bils and the object was to apply indiscriminately t3:e votes of the one session to the services of the other-to make the army votes taken on the two occasions applicable to the army generally throughout the year; anfd so with the navy and ordnance. But the BiU as it stood allowedthe whole of the money issued to be applied generally to any use whatever contained in either of these Acts, thereby not limiting the amount expended to the amount of each separate vote, as the whole Appropriation Bill would have done. The words were to apply generally in the place of interchange. ably, and instead of uniting two votes of the same character, Re was perfectly satisfied that it could never have been the intention of the Government to have made such a change, and ha thought it most unfortunate that the Bill should have passed in a way which their lordships could not rectify. In the observations which he had made he hoped it would not be supposed that he was making any reflection upon his right hon. riened who held the office of Cbancellor of the Exchequer; but the points he had raised rwere, he believed, of essential importance, and deserved the careful consideration both of the Governmenlt and the House. E3 arl GRANEVILLE thanked his noble friend for the eloquent manner in which he had impressed upon the RIouse and the country the necessity at times of national difficulty that the national resources should be made applicable for the solution of those difficulties. Re agreed with his noble friend that the energy which the country had d'isplayed during the sass war, and the state of the country after the heavy expenses it had borne, were subjects of muxch congratulation; and this afforded him some consolation aftertheremark of his noble friend that some of our financial operations were sach as would bring many mer. chants into the Gazette. Re accepted the noble lord's assurance that he had not been making a personal attack upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer. At the same time EOme criticism had been passed upon the acts of his right hon. friend, and ho (Earl Granville) would thereforego over two or three of the points which had been alluded to. In the first pLae his noble friend had spoken at some length on the subject of the savings-bsaaka. very one must admib the immense importance of these institutions, and the expediency that the depositors should feel convinced of their solvency. The only objection to this part of his noble friend's speech was that the manner in which he had handled the subject mightpoemibly excite unnecessary alarm on the part of Lomeof the depositors. The noble lord didnot approve of the power of dealing with these funds possessed by the Govern. ment, but he left entirely unnoticed the question of legality. Now, he (Earl Granville) might state on behalf of the present Chancellor of the Exchequer that bis right hon. friend was one of the first to. I in from following the ecample set by oem. of his p. decessors In office (icluding,he believed, the noble lord himself) to one mode of dealing pith savings.bank funds-namely, in exerisin thepower of funding Exchequer-bills. But his noblefiena objected to the mode in which something like 2,000,000. of anogey pliorr;q to the Commistsoers o we a wse Z,)p,0 f6X Pe9 Uslqfl of the 8tae fXbwwe 4i whioh Sas strietly legal appetsred to be in a particular instance both radvantageous 1., thefunds of the savings-banks6 and at the amae tibrQ Voessed the colateral advantage of relievlng the publie &om paying a high rate for the money tey borrowed, h6 thought it wa the absolute duty of the bancellor of the Exchequer to operate in that manner. T this was so in the present case; and he could only repeat that so long as tb3 existing law continued, itbeing both legal and nationally advantsgeous to employ these fauds in a certain way, the Chancellor ofthe Exchequer was bound so to act. His noble friend had quoted the opinion of some eminent city authority as to the effect of some of these operations. In reply, he (Earl Granville) would refer (though it was, perhaps, a little irregular to do so) to a report which he remembered seeing of something which occurred in another place when two of the highest authorities, on monetary manners-one being a late Governor of the Bank of England, amd the other connected with an eminent firm of private bankers in the metropolis-both agreed that the course taken was moat advantageous to the public, though one objected to and the other approved of the system. As to the law on the subject, this did not depend upon any recent legis'asire enactment* and he could not help thinking that if his noble fHend so strongly disapproved of the present system he ought when m office himself to have taken some steps to alter the law. Be this as it might, however, he believed it was the intention of the Government to appoint a comrittee upon savings-banks next year andit was therefore of no great practical advantage for him now to argne whether it was desirable that the existingsystem should or should not continue. The power was certainly a a one to intrust *to a public officer; but proDeblg it would be found productive of some disadvantage to the public if that power were taken away. With regard to the next point-namely, the balances,-his noble friend. so far as he was acquainted with the matter, had stated the facts accurately. His noble friend was tech nically right in what he had said as to the manner in which the surplus of 2,000,0001. ought to have been dealt with - nevertheless, his right bon. friend the Chancellor of the Ex. chequer was also right substantially. The Bill was read a third. time and passed. The Commons [amendments on the Smoke Naisance (Scotland) Bill were agreed to. TaIRD READINGS. The following Bills were read a third time And passed, viz..:-Dunbar Harbonr Loan Bill, Metropolitan Police Stations, &c., Bill, Militia Pay Bill, Revising Barrlsters (Dublin) Bill, Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland) BUIl Mutiny (East India) Bill, Joint Stock Companies Act (1856) Amendment Bill, Parochial Schoolmasters (Scotland) (o. 2) Bill, Customs and Excise Bill, Castoms Bill, and Pislico Improvements Bill. DIVORCE AND MATRIMONIAL CAUSES BILL. Earl GRANVILLE having moved that the House do now adjourn, Lord REDESDALE said a Bill of very great importance had come up from the other House of Parliament, and he begged to remind their lordships that he gave notice on the preceding day that when that Bill came up to their Lordships' House ho should move that the amendments made therein by the other House of Parliament be taken into consideration that day six months. He therefore thought that theueseion as to the Commons' amendments in the Bil1 shon d now be dicussed by their lordahips. The LORD CHANCELLOBR (who spoke with considerable warmth) said,-My Lords, that Bil has coome up froma the other House of Parliament with a very preat quantity of very important amendments (cheere), which your lordships have not had an opportunity of reading or seeing. (Cheers.) it has been reported that the noble lord, avail. mng himself of the position in which he stands, is now aboat to move that these amendments be taken into consideration this day six months. (Vehement cries of "Hear, hear," and laughter.) My lords, in what position would that pot your lordships' House with the country? (Hear, hear.) sre a Bill involving a most important question, debated for a month in your lordships' House, and for six weeks in the other House of Parliament, and is an attempt now to be made to get rid of it by that which every one in this House knows- (The remainder of the sentence was lost in the cheers of the House.) I trust that the noble lord the chairman of your lordships' committees will not put your lordships in such an invidious and discreditable pcsitiou in the eyes of the public as his motion would place your lordships. (Hear, bear.) Iord RED:ESDALE.-The noble and learned lord is extremely indignant at what he conceives to be my conduct in this matter. I rose when the adjournment of the House was moved to speak upon the Bill in question, because nobody ventured to move that It should be taken into consideration on any particular day. I thought it was not right that we should leave the House without anything having been said as to the cowsTe which the Government intended to pursue with regard to the BilL (Cheers. ) When any noble lord moves that a Bill be taken into considera. tion on a particular day it is open to any other noble lord to move that it be taken into consideration on any other day, and I did most distinctly give notice to the noble earl (Earl Granville) that when the Bil in question did come up I should move that the Commons' amendments on it should be taken into consideration that day six months. I thought itwasimproperthatyourlordshipsshould be asked to consider the Important amendmenLts made in tbat Bill on the day before the prorogation of Parliainmnt (cheers), and it was on that ground that I gave Dotice of my amendment, in order that all parties might know that it was my intention to move that the Commons' amendments be taken into consideration this day six months. Lord CAMPBEVLT-Whea was your amendment to I e ao-ved ? Lord REDESDALE.-The words that I used last night vhen givn1g notice of it were these :-" I expect that lhe Divorce Bill wiU be brought up from the other House tomorrow, and I give notice that when that BiUl comes up to this House I shall move that the Commons' amendments be taken into consideration this day six aonths. The Marquis of LASDOWNE.-Were those words taken down and inserted in the minute book? Lord RIEDESDALE.-They could not be entered into the minutes because that Bill was not before the House. (Vehement derisive cheers, cries of " Oh, oh !" and "- That's the chairman of committees !") He asserted that the course which he had adopted was perfectly regular. It was open to a-ny noble lord on a motion that a BUbe taken into consideration on a particular day to move that it be considered on some other day, and when he gave notict that be should take the latter course with regard to the Divorce Bitl he acted quite fairly and courteously towards the House. (Ecar.) He was the last man who wouId wish to do anything irregular or unfair, or who would seek to restrict the freedom of their lordsbips' deliberations; but he maintained that he had given full notice of the course he intended to take, and that according to the rules of the House he was strictly in order, Earl GRANVILLE.-I think this is a, matter in which the character of the House is at stake, and it is therefore to be hoped that your lordships will calmly consider your decision. In this assembly we are, perhaps, not always so strictly regular in our conduct of business as the other House; but what I have remarked in this House during the short time I have had a seat in it-and I appealito the noble marquis (Lansdowne), the highest authority among us, to confirm Wnat'I am stating-is that your lordships have invariably observed it almost as a religious principle not to take any mean or petty advantage that might be gained by a surprse, but to let all our proceedings be perfectly fair and straightforward. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord says he gave notice yesterday of the course he intended to take, and certainly it is not for me to contradict his statement. But I venture to ask every peer who was presnt at the time it was given whether the noble lord's notice, applying as it did to a contingen qy, would admit of his proceedLug regularly with his amendment to night? Ifeelquite confident thatif the noblelord only reflectsfora moment, andputs asidethe strong feeling he entertains in regard to this Bill, he wllU see that the course he has himself proposed is not one that he would have approved on the part of another peer. It is perfectly monstrous that we should be asked to reject the Commons' amendments before they have been printed and submitted to our examination; and I cannot think that my noble friend, to whom, froDn his gfficial position, we usuaUy lool up for guidance on questions affecting the regularity of oUr proceedings, will persist in the intention he has indicated. At all evente, I hope that this House wrill snot subject itself in the eyes of the country to the imputation of seekin" by a mere trick to get rid of an important measure. Lord ST. LEONARD'S (who was veryindistinctly heardl was understood to complain of the use of the word "trick" and other expressions that are seldom introduced into their lordships' debates. Noble lords opposite had also evinced unusual vehemence in their cheering, a circucistance calculated to excite a corresponding warmth of feeling on that side of thc House. His noble friend (Lord Redesdale) had given notice that when the Divorce Bill came up from the other Heuse he would move that the Commons' amendments be considered that day six months; but nothing, he was persuaded, could have been farther from his intention than to take their lordships by surprise. Indeed, he was surethat his noble friend was incapable of anything of that kind. (Hoar,hear.) Let theHouse calmly and deliberately oon. aider this question, and let the Government distinctly state whether they meant to afford full time for that purpose. Blut if they were to have no other opportunity than Alu day, the day before the prorogation, to discuis and decide upon the many important amendments which had been intro duced into the measure elsewhere, he should be comrpelled, howZeverunwillingly, toveotsewitehhis nobleoftiend aains sozuch a proceeding. He hoped, therefore, that the Government bboughatry tnforwatrd,and woudtalso give an Assurance that there w.ould be no attempt to prevent a full and free dis- The Marqui3 of WESTMEATHI trused that the noble lord would not persevere in the amendment of which he had given notice, even although it might be strictly in accordance vwith the rules of the House. The Earl of WINCHELSEA -was of opinion that, on the eve of the prorogation,the couldnotbestowthatattention to this question -which its deep importance deserved. Lord CABIPBELL said he should support the motion for the adjournment of the House. 'Upon has solemn word and honouir his opinion was that the proposal of the noble lord (Rededadle) was irrgular. He understood, and he believed their lordshlps all likewise understood, the noble lord to giveinotlce-that he. should bring torward his mnotiar- when the discussion upon the Commons' amaendments came on, Th4*d7,4d b& &ergfmUy legitimate course, and the understanding'os both-des of the House with the exception of a few who werei-ahjie iecret, was that the discussion would be taken on Mond4y, and not sooner. He could not believe bhi ears when be -heard that the'noble lord's motion was to bq Proposedjo-.rsg4t. He thought it mustb ab hoax, forhe cout4 not impsoe the noble lord would do anything inconsistent with li.sa*is n euain D U N44IgOl pro6 d agad ciunssit the Government sonport)~nt, to which the ountry was adverse, Xandwhi smtndmeap had ~c wea Ede li tbo B1U5 and it wae iml possible to consider the mesure adequately on Mlonday. when so few' eers were in town, and when the nght rev, prelates were aetained in the country upon the busineis of their diocees. Their lordships would stand in a fase ani Invidious light before the couatry if a measure of this Inad were smuggled through tho House without *iue deliberation. His noble friend (Lord Redesdale) had given regular notice that on the Bi11 being brought up from the other Etonie he would move that the amendments be considered on that day six months. Lord WYNFORD had heard thst it was the intention of the Government to bring on the discassion upon that night. ("No , no 1") The Bill had been printed, and he held a copy in hishand. The Marquis of BATH remarked that a great deal had been said abont taking Her Majesty's Government by surprige, but he should vwish to knowv whether it was not they who were taling by surprise many noble lords who had sup. ported the Bill in its progress thrologh their lordships' House ? (Eear, hear.) Several noble lords had, for in. stance, voted in favour of the Bill because it contained no clause giving to the wife the right to sue for a divorce against the husband upon the ground of his haviog committed adultery; and it was scarcely fair, he contended, upon the part of the Government, at a moment wvhen they had entire command over the House, to endeavour to force a clause to that effect, which had been introduced into the BiU in the Rouse of Commons, upon their lordships, particularly when it was taken into consideration that to the absence of that clause the success of the Bill in their lordahips' House was to a great extent to be attributed. (Hear, hear.) The Mrqui of LANDSDOWNE, who was very indis. tincUtly heard, was understood to speak to the follovidng effect: -My lords, the noble marquis who has just sat down seems to havo based his observations upon the assumption that Her Majesty's M1inisters now possess entire command over this House. Bnt what is it, lot me ask, which has given to them that command? Why, my lords, it can be nothing else than the non-attendance of noble lords opposite, whose duty it is to he in their places as much as it is the duty of any other peer, and to whom the same means of being present at our deliberations were open as were within the reach of Her Majesty's Ministers. (Cheers.) To state, therefore, that the Government have the com maud of this House is to take a course which it is, in my opinion, unoonstitutional in the caue of a peer of Parliament to ado't. (Hear, hear.) Her Mtajesty's Ministers never have had tMe control of this House, and I trust the noble marquis will never see the day when a contrary state of things shall have taken place. (Elear, hear.) With respect to the question before the House I can only say that whatever course the noble baron opposite (Lord Redesdale) may take, I cannol deem it right that a Bill of great importance such as that under discussion, in which material alterations have been made in the other House of Parliament, should be pressed upon your lordships' attention without due notice of the nature of those amendments being afforded. If, my lords, a contrary course were to be sanctioned, and if Her Majesty's Government, even though they do not possess that authority over this House for which the noble marquis opposite seems to give them credit-were to resort to the practice of having measures of grat moment brought up from the other House and passed without notice, I ask whether such a system would not be open to grave objection. (Hlear, hear.) It undoubtedly would, and yet such is the course which the noble baron opposite asks us now to pursue. (Hear.) I have unfortunetely had a lonrer experience of the proceedings of your lordships' House thin thenoble marquis who has just addressed us-an experience extending over a period of 40 years-but Iam not aware that during the whole of that time there has been a single instance in which, without notice having been placed upoa .he books of the House, the rejection of a Bill has been moved by a peer who was not either the anthor or the mover of the xaeasure. (Hear, hear.) From that salutary practice I trust, mny lords, we shall not on the present occasion depart. (Cheera.) Earl GRANVILL1E, adverting to certain observations which had faUoen from Lord St. Leonard's, said it wsva proposed to fix the future consideration of the Divore Bilt for Mondaynext, and also took occasion to observe that the Government had by no means come to the determination that the prorogation of Parliament should tako plaee on Tuesday, inasmuch as that event must altogether depesd upon the progress of public business. Lord REDESDALB comnlained of the tone which hal that evening bean adopted by noble lords opposite in his regard (hear, hear), and observed that if anything could justify a man for being angry the treatment which he hid just experienced would furnish such justification. And yet, in what, he would ask, did his offence consist 9Simply in the fact that he had given notieo that when the Bil unader .discussion should come np from the other HOuse of Parlia. ment he should move that it be taken into consider tion that day six months. (HEoar, hear.) That w as a course which ho maintained he had a right to pursue, end which was in itself perfectly regular. (Eear, hear.) If, however, it were supposed that such acourse involvedany thirgrnfair-which he contended it did not-he for one was not the person to persevere in its adoption. (Hear.) He did not blame noble lords opposite for being a little irritable upon the subject, because the7 no doubt fe.t that f he were to press the motion of which he had given notice to a dividon they would be left in a minority. (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) He. however, was placed in a somewbat difficult position, inasmuch as If he consented to forego makirg thatmot1ou heni;ght allow the opportunity to paisby for defeating a measure which he believed to be fraught with the most mischievous consequencoesto the community atlarge. After the appW which had been made to him by noble lords oppO'ito he felt there was a difficulty in pursuing the couras of which he had given notice. Bat though he rmight not persevere with his motion, he trusted that something moro than ordinary ccis'deration would be given to tbe discassion of the amendments in question, for it would be in the highest degree dangerous to pass what was so serious an innovation on the law and usage of the country with anything like precipitation. (Hear, hear.) Hle would with. draw his motlon in deference to what possibly might be the feeling of the House, but under the circumstances he eould not say he did so willingly. Earl GRANVILLE said his noble friend near him and himself entirely acquitted his noble friend (Lord Redesdale) of any intention to take the House by surprise, and they were the more desirous of doing so after the handsome mannor in which his noble friend had withdrawn his motion. It only remained for him (Earl GranviUoe) to say he with. drawr his motion for the adjourntment, in order that his noble and learned friend on the woolsack might give notice of his ntention to move that the Commons' amendments to the Bill bo taken into consideration on Monday. Tho LORD CHANCELLOR then gave notice that on Monday he should move that the Commons' amendments to the Divorce Bill be taken into consideration. The House adJourned at 20 minute past 7 o'clock.
I HOUSE OF COMMONS, Fp.DAY, AtuousT 2L I OLD STOES AND PUBLIC CONrRACTS. The SrPxAR-M Lnk +nA .1-d f., 19 nW-1, Mr. NICOLL begged to ask the Secretary of the Treasury whether, with the retarn ordered for detailed ccounts of the receipt and expendituer for navy, for army-including commissariat-and for Ordnance sereices for the year, up to the 31st day of Mrch, 1856, there would be any objection to include a detailed account of the nsture and value of public stores in hand at that date together with a statement of the groduce of fsales of conodemnexd and surplus stores during that year? He also wished to know whether tho evidence ltaen before the Pubc ContractsCommittee would bs circlated among memers dwung the recess 9 Mr. WILSON said, the return referred to had been already prepared and laid ap n the table. A statement of the produce of condemne and surplus stores appeared under the head of " Old Stores" in every quarterly finance account. A detailed account of the nature and value of publio stores would be expensive and inconvenient, thogah not impossible. The report of the Pablic Contracts Committee, which was presented, would no doubt be printed and circulated during the recess. CaAPLAINS FOR TROOPS IN INDA. In reply to Sir H. VXRNzY, Sir J. RAMSDE 1said no chaplains had been sent out with the troops, because it was the custom for the East India Company to provide them. FRENCH REFUGEES. Mr. W. WILLIAMS asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether there was any truth In the rumoui that, is compliance with an application from the Government of France, the Government of this country would expel some of the French refugees who had sought ax asylum In thi3 country ? Lord PALLMERSTON.-My answer is, in the first placo, th%t no such application has been received from the Government of Franoe; and, in the next place, something like the excuse of a village for not ringing their bells in the time of Charles IL, that they had no bells to ring-that we have no power by law to grant any such application. (Cheers and laughter.) EX-BISHOPS' PENSIONS. Mr. GRIFFITH, who had given notice of a question *hether Her Majesty's Government were disposed to make provision for a retiring pension for Dr. Hinds, late Bishop of Norwich, now that the retiring penisiou grantad to the late Bishop Blomfield of 6,0001. per annur had fallen in, said that he begged leave to aoknowledge the receipt of a letter from a gentleman, connected, he presumed, with the see of Loudon, Indly setting him right as to the fact that the pension of 6,000C. per annum to the late Bishop BlomfLeld was provided out of the revennes O' the ace, and reverted there. more tothe presnt incumbent of the see, and not to the country or the Governmaent. This disposed of that part of his qestion, and he would only beg the noble lord therefore to favour the House with the intentions of Her Ma- ~y's Government with regard to any provision for Dr. Lord PALMERSTON said the late Bishop of Norwichhad resigned under circumstances peculiarly painful, but at the same time extremely honourable to himself. Finding himself from physica Infirm:.ty, incapaible of continuing adequatel; to discharge the duties of his sacred office, that righ rev. personage, although mentally be was fully competent, deter. moined to resgn his see. He did so, hoowever, uncondition. ally, and without any stipulation for a retirng pension. It *had. been the intention of the GovernmEent to propo, during the session some general arrangement by whlchprovlason would be made for bishops who, from infirmity or other eauses, wfere inca p able of continuingr TO *discharge the duties of their office, but CircumstaDces had prevented thetn fromu doing so. If Parliament should at any future time assenTt to any such measure it woald of course take care that it -bould at oretrospectively,and should apply to the ease of the late Bishop of Norwich. (Hear.) t present, however, tle Government hadnofundfrom Which it could make auy provision for that right rev. person. SAVINGS BAiNS BILL. Mr. G. A. HAMILTON inguired of the Chancellor of the Exchequer wlhether it was hls intention in the next session of Parliament to reintroduce the 8xvingB-BankBillwbich ho bad recently -withdrawn ? The CHNCSELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he had Fithdrawn the Bill referred to becaunse he believed th# there would inot he time for it to receive that cornslderation which it importance merited, and also beause befond that considerable misapprehensions of its nature existed among the loal managers of savings-banks,which prevented tbe measure from meeting with that favourable reception 'which in bis opinion it deserved. He did hot at present pledge himself to reintroduce the meuasre next Eession, but should the House express a desire for what had been urged during the present session-a select committee to inquire into the sabject-he should not oppose it. (Eear, hear.) TEE SLAVE TRAME IT CUBA. Sir G. PEC IELL inquired of the First Lord of the Admiralty whether any additional vessels, including ganboats, had been sent to the West India station for servioe on the coast of Cuba? Sir C. WOOD was undertood to say that as soon as Parliament had voted the necessary number of men he had ordered four gunboats to be got ready for servite off the ooast of Caba, and that two of those vessels would be ready for sea in a few days. DIVORCE ALND MATRTIMONIAL COAUSJE' BILL. Upon the questioi that the BiU be read a third time, Mr. HENLEY rose to address a few observations to the House, although he had no intention of opposing the third reading. It woald be remembered that when the Bill first came down to that House, at the end of Jaly, he had pro. posed that it should be postponed until next session, upon the ground that there would not be sufficient time before the rising of Parliament to consider fuUy so important a measure. The Houso, however, determined otherwise, and upon the 30th and 31st of July a discusion took place upoa the question of the second reading, which was carried upon the latter evening. The reasons assigned by the Government for pressing on the Bill were, that it made no change in the law, that it merely substituted one court for three, that it got rid of a great blot in the saape of the aotion for criminal conversation, and that it would bring divorce, which hereto. fore had been a privilege within the reach of the rich man only, home to the doors of the humblest classm. (Hear.) He (Mr. Henley) had urged that the Bill was brought in at a period of the session when it was not possible for it to be fully considered, and he thought he could now show that it had not been brought in in a shape that was at all creditable. Much time had been bestowed upon the B;IL Since the second reading it had been under the consideration of the House in committee on seven occasions, of which several were morning and evening sittings, and the result of those discussions was that there had been 13 material changes introduced into the BilL (Hear, hear.) When they were first invited to consider this Bill they had been told by the Government that it was a Perfeet measure, and had undergone the fullest discussion in another place by those who were best acquainted with the subject. Of the 13 ohanLges that had been introduced 10 had been made without a division, and with the asaent of the Government, Surely that single fact would prove how well the opponents of the Bill were justified in regarding it as an unmatured measure. Two other material changes which had been introduced after division were not proposed by members hostile to the Government, bat by the Government them. selves, and only one change had been introduced upon the suggestion of a member who was hoetile to the measare. The country and the House were able from these facts to judge how far the measure was perfect, even ia the opinion of the Government, when it was first introduced to them. Daring the progress of the Bill through oommittee there were 15 divisions, of which seven were upon amend. ments proposed by hon. gentlemen who voted for the second reAding. ow, 'what 'were the changes in the law made by the Bill as origu3ally introduced? A most material but most beneficial chango had been made in regard to the stzus of women separated from their husbauds either by judicial sepration or divorce. Another material change had taken place in extending the grounds upon whish dissolution of marriage could be granted, and also in the provision made for the care and custody of children. AUl those were most important changes in the law. (Hfear.) Then, what were the changes that had been introduced during the discussions in that House? The first and most material change was in the constitution of the new tribunaL Upon a division the Government carried by a small majority the proposition that the constitution of the court as contaned in the original Bill was safficient, but afterwards undertook to reconsider the point. It was only fpalr to the Government to say that they hid honestly redeemed that pledge by adding to the members of the new court the three senior puisne Judges of the courts of common law. Passing over the lesser change in the Bill caused by imposing upon the new court the decision of suite for nullity of marriage, the next imp,ortant alteration was in reference to the local jurisdiction in matters of divorce. Even that portion of the subject had not been definitely disposed of, for a question had been raised by an hon. gentleman who bade fair to be a mos' valuable member of that House (Mr. Lygon) (hear), whether persons residing inlIdia | would be able to avail themselves of the benefit of this mea- sure, and that point remained still unsettled. At the present moment it rematned to be seen whether all Her Maiesty's subjects who resided beyond the limits of England and Wales were to be left to have recourse to what had been stigmatized as the great blot upon our institutions, or v'ete to be left enttrely without remedy ; or whether the Government intended to bring in a supplemental Bill next session. Reverting to the subject of local jurisdiction, he would remind the House of a declaration from the noble lord at the head of the Government which had caused him (Mr. Henley) no little surprise, considering the noble lord's station, experience, and ability. The noble lord had told them that it would be as well to do without local jurisdiction,and that he thought judicial separations should not be encouraged as divorce a vincsWo was a better thing. That was a surprising declaration coming from such aquarter, for itmust be romembered that judi.ial separation were to be granted for other causes than adultery, such as cruelty or desertion * and there could be no reason why prties who had separted for one of those causes, but who had subsequently became reconciled, should not come together again. The committee did not agree with I the Government, and upon a division determined to have local tribanals of some kind. The hon. gentleman the Atterney-GeneraL to whom the Hous was much indebted for the great ability he had displayed nud the great pains he had taken in regard to this measure (hear, hear), had since brought in a provision wbich he conceived would most the wishes of the House. The next alteration referredto the dvantagessecuredto the wife in case of separation or desertion by her husband. Then came the important question of the conditions on which dissolution of marriage was to take place. When ihe Bill came dovn from the House of Lords it contained two grounds on which the wife might obtain a divorce against the husband, additional to those which had previously teen reoognized-ramely, mcrelty and desertion. The cases in v.which the wife might obtain a divorce were four in allnamely, adultery on the part of the husband coupled with bigamy, adultery coupled w^ith cruelty, adultery coupled th desertion, and adultery coupled with incest. To these this House added t^w^o others,-adulltery committed 'within the conjugal residence and rape. TWere were also added the comnmission of an nnnatural cr:me and bestiaty, not connected with dultery. As the Bill came ftom the LoTds it was provided that where the husband sued for a divorce the adulterer should be made A co-respondent. The Government, without a division, consented that in the case where A wife sued f r a divorce the adulteress should also be a co-respondenL This was a very important alteration in the Bill. As the Bill came from the Lords, if a person did not go into court with clean hands it was held to be an absolule bar to divorce, acd the court were bound to dismiss the petition; but on the motion of the Attorney-General and on a division it had been decided that such was not to be an absolute bar to divorce, but that the court was to have a discretionary power of saying whether it ought to be so or not. (Hear.) The discretionary power of the court to dismis suaits had nlso been materially enlarged, for it bad now power to dismiss a suit in the case of wilfal separation, cr wilful neglect or misconduct that was alleged to have conduced to the adultery. (Hear.) He did not say these changes were Improper. His sole object in now advertiDg to them was to show that the greaterpaert of them had been made 'witl the fUll consent of the Government, and that therefore those who insisted on a full discussion of tie meaure bhd not done so in vain. (Eear, hear.) Havirg thus called attention to the changes that had taken place in the constitution of the tribunal and the mode of proDedure he would now point out Some of the alterations that had taken place in the Billin its subsequent stages. The first, and not the least material of these, regarded the fune, As the BiU came down from the House of Lords it had ths' strange provision, that it empowered the court to impose a fine, while there was nothing in it declared to be a crir,e or an offence. It simply declared that a fine was to be imposed; there was no limit to the amount, and ro means provided of escaping from it 'when riipossui. Seeing how objectionable this prov^ision was, the Attorne3 - General proposed an amendment by which the fine was to be applied as comupensation, thus tAking it out of the cat; - gory of fines and putting it in that of damages. On discucsion the whole proposition was _found uttenable, and Iv common consent the fine wAS struck out and the clause was left simply to apply to costs. tHear, bear.) Onogreat cause given for bringing In the Bill was that it wou Id get rid of public scandal, but it did no such thing. (Hlear.) The parties might claim damages either in cases of dissolution of marriage or of judicial separation. The case would then be sent to a jury, and would be tried by the same ru'es and regulations asanaction for "crim. con.," so that the publie scandal which was so much complained of would remain just the same. After going, therefore, through various de. grees of squeamishness the House had ended by bringing matters baok again exactly to the point where it found them. Az the Billcame down from the other House there was no appeal, except to the HXouse of Lords, on points of law; bat the Attorney General of his own motion at once inserted a provision in the Bill that there should be a general appeal, and so it now steed, A most important addition had been made to the Bill, altering very materially the manner in which it would bear upon the clergy. So much for the changes which had boen made in the Bil, and now for the probable effect wbich these would have upon its working. It was impossible to say that the question of the local courts had received sufficient consideration on account of the pressure of time, and the settlement which had been agreed on was very far from carrying out the boast made on the introduction of the BiU, that facilities for divorce would be brought home to the poor man's door. Nobody had been able to say very clearly what would be the expense of obtaining a divoreo under the now system, but it was clear thatit would notbe very small. The court would have to inquire imto the .ointa of collusion, connivance, and so on. All this would take up con. siderable tine, and time in law proceedings was expense.. The cae would have to be taied by a jury; indeed, it was not very clear whether there wouldi not have to be two trials-one to try the facts on which the divoroe was sought. 1e other to assess the damages. By the skilful union of the chaicer and commonm- laW t3f e p tlilv curtthe suitors woiul li avant e5? bless-or curses of bothaytam#. The eourt ,u # upor common law -l4 ec, to-a trial, bills of exepi a ik h titJli}.1 not act, le the i Chancer, uni k conscience had beeu ftlif , of tEe facts. two or three trinals btore a ja' od be i - befoxe the conscience oef tNW was .aUs6ld.z -his was not at all unauual. hi eediegs, asfitiei th' court would give itdeciion Jf. th psrM wereata a litigioaU disposition the o would be si app a n wbole batter would haveo l' redd oier again m ibe Ei. of Lords just as it 'was-new Wher was the ram, after all, either as to expense er piblic cnddl' (Po r hear.) The prelimina trial ih t-he uew.Coprt Pt equivalent to the present proceediggg-bhefre tbe ecc zit tical court and tho trial foi "cr'-on,"vand the5S>-" e would answer to the present pro intsk'lufore tWe'riKI of Lords, As to the secnrity inst collusion and *- nivance, there was absolatelyles uinder the *pra.An system. If the parties wantea to eolludc, all they 1ial to do was g et t se for daaagep.- U.d4* the present syStem there must be threi tli I,- , Was it his opinion quite imposible that' colluio t escape detection, a result shich would not be attainea *ith equal certainty by the single courtastablised hy-tlaigDlU These were some of the blegs and the vait which would arise from the penmeasurde'Lhek he had shown that thosm h a icse it wr u1~ tified in adopting that coure. (Cries of " Hear,x iiah Sir G. Grey took part.) It was all very well for Sher iht hon.gentlernanllowtolkay "lIear, hear,"bithpem1^g forget howtbe nobleviseountba, ;orehua once,tratl he fire-engine of his wrath upon thoee who raised that discu sion. (Laughter.) Considertng that thp great poraipe b he changes whiclh had been smade, ha been adopted by tbe Goo. vernnaent more mercy might have eem shown to-these wih discussedtheBillinall.iteprovislozs He should nctahole?l on that account alone have thoughtitsoessarTy to make tbja observations; he did it for the graver and more imnporte reason that he thought that many of these chaDges hid been fully considered, and that if tnore time had beer allowed a better Bill would have been produced. In adda. tion to the defects which he had pomtid out, ad-jwhich ku tbought mcore mature consideration might have zewoved,1 he thought that the clery ought to bave hasd more time tq exaxeine the Bili, as ab affected their consciences and Vie discharge of their duties. In his opinion, if the scoan wa to be prolonged, their time would have been much betteA occupied in making the Savigs-banks Bill-a xeasue which would have affected thousands and hundredis i thousands of persons-a good measure, than In anendiwg this Bill, which would a pl to only an in&nitesmalpto eE the population, and wlhch was even now so imnerfect that the changes made by it must bo either acceptIed at rejected wholesale, and it would reflect nO credit eithii4pam the Government or the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) Sir G. GREY.-I should certainly-'wish 'tot to deparO froma the amicable tone and gpirit ia which the retent d's. cussions on the BiU have been conlducted, and which ha so happily contrasted with the spirit evinoed in the earlier portion of the discussions in committee, audI am bouni to say that theright hon. gentlemanhas uttered no word iacM. sirtent with that spirit. (Hoar, hear.) I think the Iouns is much indebted to him for the rpeech which-he6 ha addressed to us, because, following as it does the siinary at the amendments, it affords the most concl a" Anwer to the statement mwle by him on the 20th of Ju1y, thit there was not time to discuss the dails of the measure duzing the present session. On that occasion I s8ated thab the Governmenkt were of opinion that there Was still t-IM for such discussion, and I think that the r unber of hoUZo which have been devoted to the consideration of this BNU,W the number of I amendment3 of more or less importance -certainly not an of the consequenoe which the right hont gentleman hag attributed to them-which have been madi in it, and the spirit in which suggestions from both sides of the House have been receivedby the Government, show low this BiU has received a sufficient amount of attention ana ban been diseussed in a manner which is Creditable to this House. (Hear, hewr.) Tho ight hon. gentleman eemsn to think that this Bill was presented s one which this Houle must accept or reject exactly as it came from the Houne of Lords, and that the Government intimated that n3amendments were to be made in it. So far WAS that from being the case, however, that in the speech which I addressed to the Hounse upon the aeconi reading of the Bill, while I stated that its principle was an alteration in the tribunal by which questions of divorce were to be considered, which I thought wvould be ot immense importance, I referred to the alterations from the practioe of the two Houses of Parliament which. had bee ntroduced, by giving a woman a right to a divorce for dsr. tion or cruelty. I said that with theand two or threeotWher frifling exceptions this Bill proposed no alterations i thn" law. It is true that many such alteratious havo been mads during the progress of theBil, and Iam happy to find thaf most of those changes have the concurrence of the rght hon. gentleman; that, satisfied with the disousions 'whiols have taken place, the right hon. gentlemen oppo, site who ofiered conscientious objections to this sne sure are not disposed to press them further; ana thi this Bill is likely to be road a third time without a division. The right bon. gentleman thinks that ao6ne- ad vantage might have been gained by the postponemeint cit Bill for six months, in the prospect of amendnientsbeint hereafter required. That rmnst be the case with reatq all Acts dealng with large and important subjects, because such alterations are suggested by subsequent experience. It is, however, a. matter oi sincere satisfaction'to the Go0Mment that the right hon. gentleman, and those who at with him, are not disposed to offer any opposition to the further progress of the Bill, becau we felt that we axboul have incurred a great responsibility if, after the at. tempts which had been made to pass such a nueasure; and afier this Bill ahd received the careful attenitlog of the House of lords, we had postponed its considers. tion till another session, and thereby indefinitely delayed a greab improvement of the law upon a subject affecting the social and domestic happiness of many families In thls country. In addition to this it is impossible for anyone to have attended to the discssions upon this Bill vithout feeling that some of them bave been of Vcry painful character. Had we postponed the consideration of this measure we should have occasioned a repetition of stat. ments and observations which were necessary to the diaec slon of a Bill of this nature, but which for obvious reasons it is desirable should be dwelt upon as little as possible. The Government, therefore, thought it desirable that thin measure should reoeive the consideration of this House, *an should be brought to a settlement during the present s. slon of Parliament, and it boa been a source of great stisfaction to us that we have received that decided support which has enabled us to bring the Bill to its present stage. (Hear, hear.) I think that the right hon. gentlemanhass attached an undue importance to some of the amendments whicb bave been made in committee. I will not now go, into those amendments or revive the discussion which we have bad in committee or on the report, but I will oa touch lightly upon what has been saId by the right hon. gentleman. Now, 'with regard to the formation of the court, can the alteration which was made in committee be considered an important amuendment? Why, what are the facts of the csse ? As the Bill came down to us from the House of Lords .it pro. vided that the new court should consist of the Lord Chin. celor, the then Chief Judge at Westminster, and the jud ordinary, Well, it was stated in committee tbat from tae duties whlch devolved upon these lesrnedpersonagesit would be difficult to be sure of getting a full court, and he Government feeling the-force of thatobectiou saidthat they would take into consideration the question of eolarg. ing the materials for the construction of the court; and they made a proposal, which met with the general as'ent of the House, that the then senior Puisne Judge at Westminstei should be added to the court. Now, surely that wa nota tinortant alteration. (Hear, hear.) It was oly matter of detail, and ,we were obliged to the hon. aud learne member for Wsllingford for the suggestion. Then, in, with regard to the action for "cnm. con.," I am' only repeating the oiqinions which have been expressedlby the highest authorities upon the bench when I say tha$that action is r. scandl and disgrace to the legal.system of the country. Iow, the important distinction between thelaw s it at present stands and a it will be if this Bill passes is this :-At3 present the action for "cnnn con." is absolutl_ necessary for procurin a divorce, becauso etheHousof Lords will not read a Bill for a divorce unless damnages shdl havehbeen obtained in that action, while under this BiU it will no longer be necessary, in order to obtain a divor to commence and carry on an action distasteful in the highest degree to any person who would at present be eonpelied to bring that acton In order to proerue * divorce. Well, Ihen, the right hon. gentleman says that in abolishing the action for "crim. cgn." ' we ato doing away with one of the securitles against ollusio,. Now, I cannot agree with the righthon. gontlemar., (Hsav hear.) Why, there never was a wore secMuity againSt edl. lesion than the action for 'crim. con.' (IIHearhear.) lt notorious thatQ in many cases the fact was not coLtested, and judgment was allowed to go by detault, in order thija damages might be assessed in the Sherlff-' Co$as a nso Eary preliminary to proceedings in. theHonse of LOrds. It is gequally notoriou., or at least it has been often stated by persons eminently qualified to speak upon the subjet, ihat those damsgs are often paid with one band and reoeived back with tho other, the only object of the action being to enable a man to procure a divorce. The action fqr "cr,m con.," therefore, does not effect the obje6t 'or which the regulation of the House of Lordg was drawn up-namely, to act as a6 preventive to colluslon, andt I think that we m rust all frejo that it will be no longer necessary in order to obtain a divorceethat thataotionshouldbebrought Under the new system the whole question will be tried in o6ne court, and we shall get rid of those three exhibitiorns ci th weakness of human nature which at-present ar re nlre& and of the repetition of those disgushug detals w t present are necessary to prove the case before the tar" tribunals. That will I think be of inmense advants (Lond cries of "Hear, hear.") Well, then, the right-o0' gentleman has touched upon the question of r al utiaIic.. tion. Now, that no doubt was fored[oi cn th' Go#errintf because we were not prepared toseata blii a loei-10uzldibi, tion forjudicial separations, and we tested theenaeOf fit committee upon that question by a divsion. J*Iin thAi division we found that tbe opinion of the 9o1mnit" was, in favour ofU eptablishing local JunidioM and, in acordance writh what appered 'to 'b tbi; wish of the eornmittee, my lesaed hif dtU *1 Attorney-General placed upon the- ndice paper pro with the view of carying cut the opinionzwteh hAd= expressed by tbe eommittee. Now, Tbe right hon.t enf wan s ays that that proposal was basisWycornedezed -'E hastily aldopted; hut the fact is that. tle notc of -VaE' amendmnet-was lbed upon 'the paper upon the lOth' August, and the mesulmernt 'wis f lt spedi toy unil- 12tih, sO tbat the right hoc, gentlemnan or ary other mea ber of this HIouse bed ample time for offernDg aDy sugg.e
C=rE I4MAo.-A man named Maurin was tried the day before yesterday before the Court of Assizes of the Nievre for murder. The crime had excited a great sensation in the department, and the court was crowded to excess. The prisoner is a hard-featured man of unprepossessing appearance. It appearedfrom the evidence that the murdered man, named Ifouty, who was unmarried, and well to do in the world, resided in an isolated house near Livry. He was in the habit of frequenting a publichouse in the vicinity, where he often boasted of bis wealth and exhibited gold. One day in April last he was seen in comnpany with the prisoner, who bore a most unenviable roputation inthe country; bat on the morrowMoutyfaloed to make his usual appearance. After four days had elapsed the neighbours became anxious, knowing that Monty had no business to call him away; they consequently applied to the authorities, -who penetrated into thebouse, where a most horrible scene presented itself. The dead body of Mouty was extended on the floor in the midst of a pool of blood partiall dried up, the walls and furniture being also stained with blood. The murder had been committed by a hatchet, for the skull of the deceased was cut by such an edged instrament in nine places. From the disorder in the room it appeared that gouty had offered a desperate registance. It was known that the murdered man had had about 3,000f. in gold on his person, bat the authorities found only h few copper coins in the house. Several bills of exchange had likewise disappeared. SuspiciorL fell at once on the prisoner, whose hands were scratched and cut, and bore marks of a struggle On isrighthand were marls of human nails while his left gave evidence of a severe bite. The prisoner at finst denied all knowledge of the crime, but he subsequently admitted having killed Mouty, though only in self. defeceo Ee asserted that the latter had menaced him with his gun during a quarrel about money matters, and that he had then killed him. He denied having takan the missing gold or bills. 21 witnesses were called for the prosecutiou or for the defence. The evidence was conclusive, aud the jury returned a verdict of guilty. Maurin was then condemned to death, but helistened to the sentence without manifesting any signs of feeling. AN ESCAPED CoNvIcT.-A man named Jamea Ainsworth is now iu custody at Ilull, having eurrendered himself to the police as an escaped convict. He gave the following narrative of his career to the sergoant in charge of the station :-" I am 29 years of age; I am a native of Leeds, and was born in Grantham-street, near the Sslby Railway bridge. I was transported from Lincoln on the 12th of M.rch, 1844, along with a man named William Johnson, for housebreaking at Great Limber, in Lincolnshlire. We wsere both sentenced for life. I was removed to the Milbank Prison, and was sent out in the ship Hydrabad to Norfolk Island, seven months after I was convicted. I landed there in January, 1845. I xerved there two years and eight months, and was there tried and convicted for attempting to murder my overseer, named Skinner. I was sentenoed to two years and nine months' extension on the islandfor that offence. I was also sentenced to two years more extension, and was several times flogged for other offenes. I remained on the island nine years, and was then removed by an order from Government, along with others, to Port Arthur, a penal settlement. I remained there four months, and was then traLsferred to the barracks at Hobart Town, and was shortiy after turned over to a master at Spring Creek. I remained 'with him about a month, and then asulted him, and was triec and sentenced to three months in a chain gang, and wa removed to another part of the Eettlement, but shortly after made my escape and took to the mountains. I afterwarads worked for myself in the bush for seven weeks, splitting timber, and made about 801. I then got myself disguised and went to Hobart Town acnd Launceston, to try to get a ship, but could not get one. r then returned to Hobart Town, and engaged for 601. to go to Melbourne, with 13 others. I went from there to the diggings and made a little money there. I returned to Melbourno, and got a ship to go to Calcutta, and when there &hi,ed in tbe Ocean Eagle, for New York, Captain Somes. Ptehsen went from New York to Boston, and pald my fare.to come in the Niagara stesmer to Liverpool; she put in at Halifax the next evening to receive the mail bags. I went on shore and fell in with two men, one of whom I had known as a convict, and they proposed that we should aU go to Windsor to rob a schooner lying there that had money on board. We went, but did not succeed in robbing her then. I then got engaged on board of her to assist down the river with her, and when at Black Rook I robbed her of 17614 1 then went to Halifax, and was taken there and cousmitted for trial at Kentville Connty, and was sentenced for three years' to Halifax Penitentiary. I rem aine I tbere 13 days and then made my escape, 101. reward being offered for my apprehension. I then came to New York and j;inedihe American Union, Blaoc RaU line packet, for Liverpool, aed arrived there about three mouths since. I ha,ve been traveling about the country ever since. I came to Hull at 7 o'clock yesterday morning from Grimsby." [Advertlsement.1-Wyld's New Maps of Indb.-India.- udMta Stattoas, de,e Se.W Ia sn,iheet, lie. n ase. ag1. slediOa; boio She Pc.tRsoad Dam btaton, and Btaliwayc; one shect, 5c. * Incase, :;~s . ndb i u a ext h h~n1is eaoe sheet. 3e.;I case. i aMi t,i. I ae s lamsv q ersepi to5 the ur
I Zrom e LONIDWOIT GAIETTEof Fdy,.Aug. 2L - ------ ; . #3R.r4t-PUT A-, of .. - The Queen bee been pleamf tD approve of Mr. David Wilson as Consul At Colombo for fIL .Majesty the Eing ot the X6therlands. DOWNING(-TREET, Atrd. 2L The Queen has been pfeased to appoit Thmas Tickel, Esq., to be Colonial Engineer Jor Her Majesty's Foris and Settlements on the Gold Coast, ST. JAMES'S PAL&(lI AUG. 2D. The Queen has been pleased, on the nominstion of the night Hon. Lord Foley, to appoint 'William Walker, Esq., one of Her Majesty's Ron. Corps of Gea4lemen-Martuns, vice Champion, retired. WaITEEIALL, JULY 14. The Right Ron. Sir Alexander Edmund C-ockburn, Knt., Lord Chief Justice of Her Mfajest3's Court of Comron Pleas, at Westminster, has apooiated William Herrlnass Lay, of Bishops Stortford, ici the county of Harts, genlemn, o b oe o th pepetalcommissioners for takig te acnowedgmntsof dedsto be executed by, modes of assurance, in andsfor the cottlity of Harts, also in an fo tecont f ssx AuG. 13. The Lord Chancellor has appointed William~ Emersn Chapman, fun., of Boston Lnud Donnington, in the county of Lincoln, gent., to beaa Commissioner to administer oathts in the _igh Court of Chancery in England. BOARRD OF TRADE. The Committee of the Privy Council for Trade and Plan. tations have received a despatch from Her Majesty's Miunister at St. Petersberg. enclosing a circular fromn the Minister for Foreignx AffAirs concerning regulationsalhid down for vessels navigating the Neva, in which captains are strictly reqoired to conform to the directions of the com. manders of the guard and light ships; not to enter the channel without a pilot; not to attempt to cross from Cronstadt to St. Petersburg, and vice vcer&d, unless when loaded their vessels draw leas than 8 feet water, or, where that is the eaws, either to lighten the vessel or cast anchor at the first signal from the captain of the guard ship. Disobedience to these orders wiiU be pumished by a fine of 25 silver roubles. DISTRIBUTION OF NAVAL PRIZE&BONEY: Notice has been given by the Accountaint-General of the N rvy that he distrnbutionof proceeds from the Servianvessed St. Elena, captured on the 27th of April, 1855, by Her M-v jesty's ship Albion, will be commenced on the 14th of Septemboer next. Notice has also heen given by the Accountant-General that the proceeds from the slave brigantine, name uknown suapposed to be the Chatssrorth, carstured on the 1st of Janu- o0 the 14th f Septemaber umeExt.- ea6 ilb omne COMMISSIONS Bigned by the Loito-LrzurEmAzT of the County of Dxrntosr. Deniblhehire Yeomanry 0Cavar.-O,pt. Hugh Robert Hughes to be Major. vice Tottenhson, pro,acs By te Lni>iEui;s2iTof the Cousryr of 1 RA, th oalet u Dar, a Regiment of ltMrE sztuWMm t- vie eanye, appin=teXd Pay%mater o te etoh Drgon Guards; emoed Lieeut. ars to be FAiuc,at Lent, vie veithr ot Wne hagh ro,Soterd;rO 10,ar Tomaus Tidiwesi, getB.ur, hebaut ALisut.r' [vic Stffod, romted Chrle Maly rows, et.to, to be Secon PARTPNERSULPS DISSOLVTID, Martin and Fadciife, Manchester, woollen mianufacturer.-Wate and BSUcards, Cardiff and eleawrere, Ytinter meroants; as fir as regards W. Richards- Fe, i.eneburchtret,h brokess.-P. Wardle and m.indelirt-, L;"eioster, miineos.n- o,d. win and W. Darby. N ts-snarket, .eat alesmen.-ItAd. SmttbB and Co., Bishopwearmur.lhp rfor.3.20101and A. Reatati Sruoud, Gioseraerbhirs, r e-t W and Cs.. SSefOc.Id, eat- = cbanis,.-E.ld&ley an,Wenae deaera, upholster,rs.-T. rok, J. Wormald, FAgoau Se a d, HudderoSeld, anf elsewbere rag merceno sfr sccns3 Sytee.-F. O'Brien and P. ulle. Mnsseterorelewhre crndealmr ---Harrisnus and Bnae-W.P. ollns nd . Lnrc, Bth, cabluetmaker.-UeUl, W , C oi , e Dewets and W. Hill, Wey- andCo, ndnA.Denisto-u Wood an Co, 2~w Yrk;A. aandnd. DenLie 3. Deon. to, n and Co., New Or- buaSderT. Sspta.-bren G3,dn and Co..as 12Mcok entro3s1te9 and Loge ma- DROLAR&TIONS 0' DrM)END5. J. 0. and W. Herring, Sundersland, tolmer merhantsa-dir. of8h0s. on the separate estate of J. C. rienloi on Sitnrday, Oct. 10, or.an sub- seq'ssntat rgsls, a9t Mx. Bakevr',9,tiB, s5cge- rPon-Tyne. W.Dcegl asdS nrl.Selrrw noso.ewamilei.uonTyne, liber merahantsdlvSmEa. f on the spara;te esthg mate of3.elton, on Saturday. Oct. 10, cc n3any suseunata heturda, at'dr. BWakrrs, N ewcimssts-uonpy rT. . of Is.and rSsthdir, eof. lt. onutherSeparate eBtat Of 8 H Cadre, on Aaturday,eOct. 1. oranlrrSc sqCvwt ofto y, at aker'r, BANRUPtcJIRS AW,NULLED. Thomaes Pscroft, Sandal b.Mna, Yorkehire,xeerrier. william Robinson, *Saddleworth Yorkshire, dyer. William Organ, WValsall, eadidler. BAIIRRUPTS. Joreph NVillmott enid John Hartley. Ewxe_-trest. Kisgslsnd-roed. and BAtersSept. s, at er,t-psurrender.ug. 20. a'talooock, Oct. 2. at balf-past 1 at the Bankrupts' Court; soicitor, Mr. Rond , wwKingfftreet, Finsbury-square; officitiawlasignee. Mr. Canaan, Aldersabuisoy. George ArkLwtaght Peace andv Charle Rose, Urper Beig r, eODOe rinfblo, andelbRado-strerer Cheloor, tiaiberhur,ante S Sept.9 ,at o'clock, Oct. 1t at 11, at the Bankrupt'Court ; solicitor, Wr.hep.- heard, Nloorgate-street; official assgnee, Mr. CSsoa. Aldermanbury. Cornelius Davies and Frederick Norine, Great Sotland-sard, Westminter, cement mer8s @clts, Sept. 4, at lh- f-pat 1tb oclock Oct. 1 at 12, at the Bankrnrd'o Oourt ; olicitor, Mr. Chidley, Bas3nggblls irees; o31cdal arsignee Mr.Conuanse, Aldermnnbury. John Bean, innew3 ndon-Atrt and Albert-terrace, Sydeoam-park coal merchant,lAug.s tt 9at @ o'clock, Oct. 2, at 2. at the BantCurtot Court; eolictors, Messrs. Narton, Bor, and Elam, New-street, Bishop.. ate b official assignee, Mr. Canaan. Aldermaubury. Alfred Joseph Chiteodes. Cawthern, tolok-F,rciacGge, Tlorvadortind street, and Warw IcB-terrSeo, Wlelow-walk, Bermondsey, stosidealer, Sept. 7i. at 11 o'clock. Ocat 3, at , 5at the Oamutrotf' COunset nlicin tos,Messr Ncrton, Son, and Elan , New-treoot, B opegam ;official siargnee. Mr.CAsunan, Aderhbm.anbuy. John thoehoro Pleydell-aet, Fleet-u-stree, and LowesmerbSt, Aug. 2tee, bobne,Ag 5 Oct. 2, at haf12tI o'clock, at the ecsl-po-yeD3rc Coanko. e^npis'Cournp t ; so'lcitor, Mr. lanesn, Buliuterc-tleset npol iatasosl nel r Mr. Whitmore, liaainghail-stzeei.g Jaoehnskcrleec oroatrelle Gaodewetstreeta d, in da erchant sD a, 3, at I o'clok, dept * , at I, at he e Banre Court;o eomrt Caidley1, B. ingeali-street; rofiia assigeeMr.-Slolsnn2, T. sing- Jame ChSle ff. Pnost erelf, Wdwhoo3e te-rad deSler,S in hore4 Set 3,Ll aheter 1'ockrdrae.-ept. 11,a af-atI, at E}the Banrudpts' Court ;oUcitor, Mr. Chidley Beiusigballstreeto ;official asignee, Mr.Stansfeld, Robert Jlnson.- pbh,eoix-place. Calthorpe-areeb0 and elsewhew builder, Sept. 3, at hsalf-past 12 o'clock, Sept. NI, at 2, at the B-inkrupta'OCourt; solIcitors,Messr. Young and Pews, Mark-lane; officia 5- illam dreed unt Stand liensd vctulle, Spt.3, at 12 ,GorgeFox Wels-tret, rled-atreenl. Kfrete d-otter. ept.i3ate1 o clok,Sep.1, a 1 a athe heBBAirupt s' Court; solictr,Ior,iteate J tsnponbl di1, Cheance try-aet; nficiAla-l aignee, iMr. Stan,- fold. Thomss Dale, Lock, Staffordsbire, dealer in drainage pipes, Sept3 and 25, at haf-past 11 at the Birmingham DistrictConset of Bankruptcy; solicitora, Mr. (6hafl!rnor, Hatiley,siodwMr. Smith, Birmiugham; nfticlassinee,% Mr. Whitmore, Birmingham. Samueasl % tfin, Litchurob. Derbyshire, innkeeper, Sept. 8Sand 22, at hafpa 0o'clockr, at the Binniogham Distriot Co irt of Iiaukruptcy, Nottinghiam : Foflcltors. Me. Gsmble, Derby, and Mr. Knight, Bit-' min;hai ; official assignee, M1rr. Harris, Nottinugham. Thomas Nathaniel Ashman, YeoviL, furrier. cu=.I, Oct. 8. at It Ootsck,4 at the Exeter District Court of Bankruty; esoisibore Messrs. Garland and Fear Si erborne atid Yeoil), and Air. Terrell, Exeter; offici al asgee, k,r. Hitiziel, Exeter. Willism Newsoome and Edward Wtilim Hammond. Heckmoudwicke, Yortehllre scribblingnmillers.Sept. 8, ast l2'clock, Oco,.%atfl, at ike Leesiehilst Court of Bankruptcy; solsiioril, Mscams. Bond sod lierwiok. and Mlessra. Cairise and Cudwortb, Leeds; ofilcial assignee, Mr. Hope, Leeds. Anuthony. Panui. and Buoch Carfoetb. EarLoheatorn, Yorkshire, m5aufacturers Sept. S. at ball-past 11 o'clock, Oct. 9, at Ul, at theo Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy;, solicitor', Messrs. EBond and Bsrw-sek, and Me"'rs. Osriss and Caddworih, Leeds; oillcial3iicegnooe Mr. Hope Leeds. Thomas Welborn Potter, York, corn merchant, Sept. 15, Oct. 9, at 11 o'clock, at the Leeds lisatrict Court ot BAnkruDtcy ;eollicto,. Messr. Leeusmsan d Clarke, Yorkc; and DU. Blackburn, Leeds;vffin assignee, Mir. Hops, Leeds. Ediradt William h sammond. StsaicIlIre, YZorksblro, woollen manuthacturer. Sept. 8, at 1Iso'clock. Oct. 9, at 51, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy ; solicitors, Messrs. Bond anid Barw-ick, Leeds ;: 0111 da amience, Xr. 10ope, Leeds. John Ostrell, jun., late of Aakham Richard, near York. farmner Sep'. 1, at half-pas t Li'clock, Oct. 2, at 11. at the Leeds District Goirt of Basatruptcy; solicitors. Msr. Mason, Yfork ; and Messrs. Cariss ana Csidworth, Leeds; noffacial essigca. K r. lHope. Leeds. - Jesse Ba,firld, Yeaoon. Yorkshire, elothk manufactuerr, Sept. 7. at Isli-pas 11 0'cloeck, Oct. I t, at ii, at the Leeds District Coart ot Bankruptcy. esolieltoms, Me, sme. lRnwson, George, and Wade and Me ser. Boist1 end Barwiek, Leads; ofticalsiaslisuee, Ile, Hope. eds. 'William ALfield. e,rrt DrWifflsl, Yoiksbtire. mill1wright, Sept. S. Oct. 7', at 12 o'clock. at the Leeds Distriot Oouirt of Binkrusstc, Kingrton.upin-lHnll ; aoilrit^ rs dr Shave, Derby ; and ir. Pra-t-in, Leeds; oSi-Ila ussisne, Mr. Carsickr, uIt. Alboe Gordon, snuderiArld, ,hlpoirner, Ang.28, at It o'clock, OoSt. 0 at 12, at the NowilAtle-tspon-Tyrne Wditrit onst of Itaukrunitcy ; sollOlte,r. Mr. BeignaL. Durham ; official assignee, Ur. BaLker. Newcastleus.on-Tnuo. ChIistopher Pairlasub, Noewcssile-upon-'Tyne, cheeseemonger. Aug, 28, Ocot. 9, at 12 o'clnck, at the Newcaosls-upo.-Tyne DistriCtousrt of, Bankruptcy ; so'icitors, Mr. Watson, Newosatle-upon-Tyns ; and ,. Harwonod, Clement's-lanie, Lombard-street;, officiail assignee, Mr. Baker. Newoastle-upon-Tyue. OIRETDICATIS, to be granted, unless canus be sbown to the con- trary on the day 0ci meeting. Sept. 11,3J. EAston, clapham-road3, bullder.-Sopt. 21, T. Jones, Aberavon and Cwemayon, Glamorganshiro, gensssl-shlopkeeper..--- Sept. 10, W. P.t Pincett Cardiff wholesale tea dealer.-Sept, 14, J. Bil.CObester, codwallier.-=ePt. 11. S. Hackett, Or dly-heaah, W. Parso, Gasgo, spritmercant,AuL25. at 12 o'clock, at the D. 'Led, oiIckalsis, eniewcirs shp-bildr,Aug. 31, at, 12 o'clock, at the White ecHart,atGtee,eek. The Average Priie of Brown or fusevTado Soger. oomboted from bhe w.tumr made in the week endhie the 15thof AugW exdluulio of oastom%'duttespatd or D; yble tb eyon on the imDortationithereof Into Grect Britsin. . d. From tbe Br1ttsh po 0lon ln eror . 38 6l .. o i t . Fronnthe tiu . . .Noreturn Wrom the 1As. Indies.. N... .. o..a( retu,2. B3y auibity of Pariament, Hlntly BIORKXtL (lark Of thoGrooers' ComDo= Grooerse-bau Aug. U1.
TBE MULEiry-ynm xxm =PSxwn From an interesting paper recently otomunicieted to the Academy of Seieacse y . o . Gu6riu TlLnevifle, it appeArs that the existence ofn epidemic diease of themaulberry tree, *~bich has been denied, is nor. funlly ascerbalned. IL Wdneville states fromn personal obsorvation that t'he diseass exists in Switzelary asd iriall dle departmernts of Franon through wrhich hr. has passed, ou his way from the Basses Alptes to Spain. It prodaces numer*us red spots on the Imees, whichaoe h beivel up c d falu ff early in June. Th is disteae is not new, anad aim5e oases of it have been fre. qu3ently observed, but this i3 the first time it has made its appearane under an epidemsic form. It is mnost virtaent an those 4iatricts wvhere the salworm has suffered most, wau there 1.4 zvery reason to balieve t'hat it is on. of the prhoCIPA3 cauu,% of the disease of that mnseet. The latter is stww o~Jd t~e aUneis Fanc, ot 's adbeen remarked be. lor insoltar caes;thesilworsat-ac~ked vitla oonsnipton av log ee cale Luete.in Franoo, becanM theyhav & hinng pperale, ~d lo ot grow. Ih of Prace tls@~' ivc*Me 0?P4*I a.d'xasf
I sr" -JAf]:S RA}I4H Ar srLZOTrH OnTa6e hdAyn abternood Siiiiniooee r " tion Saone tho ow dk Aellof th uo pr nMeXion with t'he S o theand P p zele h aU ja a. Ioh andiPods Calsle xstila* po.TAe new dock will supplant the ,rbo At Port ho l,ia4aif is long been almstuseles in eusaequenof tiala up of the sasd, And Well, in fac, WheS sompletedr bore the iort of Carlisle. Already the Work, r extenvW sa PrOgrea having been nade in An lno"e,ably lbet* :A Of tiMe. Should all thi gegQ well, ba nd el ried out acording to the elAberen yIlAn t I b qw. directors,A. large aa At prest fomp odAlmos t,e of 1ndhilIs wi be coeared by Woe t-built hous y tr work be continued in the same energetic apiritwith 1 it has bee co mrned,4 in a fewyes' time wemaay exMpec to sof a large And dlotdhing town wbr a few abort aiefl ago All was desolate and wsst, inL fwct ae&ther more nU es thaLn an extensive rabbit warren. Sir 3. Graham enot the osayorand theeorpption In the Town-hall, and, accompanied by the city. ole the nembers of tho diff erent a, toi hnc glitrion baronet resah the staon atowhat wd a fsme te Basin at I o'clock, and proeded, to S t specially appropriated to the pa, ei Siloth terminus a prooeson Was ormed, s*r th w te mworks were inspeated in due ordr.Th elto4eMd te aAdvanced stage of the dperations there.i. general pleasure and surprise. Sir 3._ Graham having at length arrived at th spotwhere the " chief corner.atonee wag to be hXed,s traae. i6 a3 the midst of sand and water, the cimorta -wa. M*P3e1 t arton lOwereod, And the cheera of the apiembrdo isdtithie anLtOunced that the lysmngo the foundao"t *poa loc Theprev.t It irOo therpon f offred an of t prayer, atr which ir 3:, edLoAM, stePPing uPon the stoe hela ju t , radf IA prerndsend t ihb I proof said,I a nt presnt Among You to day l to peftarm an i n5 which is iti my mind A a ise acceptible service, I tbiam glady frora all scenes of dissnsion and strie to take .AY humble part in the work of concor,s d-c peae. Ct s onordy a very asort time Ago since he onur snd compliment wern paid to me of being rueto'tern the first rod of the SlOth Railway. PLrom thzt Period t, the present I have not s Uee the works that are in pie bate l ust confes to yoof that it ig wt e t esahr 1 ackmowledge my slrprise and gmrtification at therapI prgress which hag been made in so shor aOas.(her Notnly AS a Cambrian. but as your representtive.. as e ofvthe ree resentatives of the city of O drli I heaotily rejoice in these practial proofs of the oner and enterprise of mny fellod andtymp.I W under 2hb eaalfooe tohopfiUow coinrympoo ( iuna r. stman tha o this work ls mainly dependent upon local utlODrt. It is the frit Of the Industry, ofte enegy tb. habor ofer gaeo iibceg 1w Xud energy, and of the undaunted sw in good works 4ofr a of Cumberland and ite inhabitants. It isa proof of wrise industry, foresight, perseveranoe, anid patience CAn achiwe. (Cheers.) Btltm d n elcinta ti.ol~ concord that from small beginnings great works ore comted. Concrd is the keystone (striking the eatoerwith his foot of succeg, and Is aptly rpepr) noted by that onr which I nlow stand. If you agree amiong yourselves youn stiesa is Certain. That keystone being Immovabe, yet n-ed have no fear of the snocess of ths work. la t be have recently performed an official duLty iEnizvrestigati,eg the ris and the progress of the port of Liverpool. Tao oenotrid ago thc Prospects of Lveripool were not moe indviting ndV eneouraging than those Of the Plac whr e an neae now . s-"ebled. (Hear.) Wehavo-heard mush 4of Robint Rlgg. Pro. f-ecies have been mare of the d hanr of the sting an4u and uomingdisastersdin referenc to thispe. TwofehturieJ ago the sale predictions were made, and aplied with inoht than equal force, to the portof )iverpool (Hsai)- Toe -Mhersey even to this d4y is encutmbered at its entranc with shifting sands of the most difsicult and dangerous descrlcp tiOn. iEve to this hour, withall the unexampled poe rlrity of that harbour, every gale of. wind changea *tn casunnl at tho entrance to the fersey, and it is onlY by asduouis abd constant care that the channel is kept ope -ai, kI sy, At the commencement of the workis at iverPool their-pro. t 'were nod brighter than oars, and yet thilt port hasri e o. smaller beginnns to be almo t the emporium of the commerce of England, while Its ofvenuols ae grhater than thoe of many foreign States (oEheers.) I dod moay that in our isme au that has bsen relized cn be sere achieved, bdtsa the time may come when something of the sort inGay be if on this spot, And it is ia the hepe of snoh Sn padvaue of the oommnerciat Prosperity of Cttmberl4daud havi n t deePest interest in the city of Carlisle, oilisk to sV a imgense debt of gratitude which I can never repay, and feeling that the prosperity of this harbour is intimately bound up and connected with the prosperity of that dily, I have gladly perforLued thepleasurable duty yoo havebal. alfe o m ody (Loud cheers) Not only is it-aworik of coimerce and trade, Btht it is an u onderair gin Which hLmanity is combined with the desire of profit. The clpergy man who has ijt addressed you has called yur attentipr t.thegreat truLth tht without thLe Divine bas eig it is but lhft labour that we We,ito rim up early and toaetakerest. Unltes th Almighty build the city, at is maid, at cannot stan d; and I may add that unles He giveshis blesing tths dock we have iavain beetowed our labour. (Hear.) Bu, gen tlemen, I remembert eosayingsof an old divine whichbrvobys aeared to me to be full of trth; and it was this-thst it is the duty of man so to use the means at his dis,osauar if he could effct everything, anrk so to trust in God as if he could effeat nothing. (Loud cheers,) In the prayer yoU DLt t heard allusion was made to the prosperity of that great kingdom of which we are mnembers. I cannot dissemble the fact, on an occasion like this, that great pational dios ha suddenly befallen us. Many of us here have probavbly in a diztant Partk of the British possesionls sons or daughter or Other relatives whom We love, and wose, positiont theta we regard with great anxiety and fear. I Will not stay to, inquire into the-origin of that fear. When tdievi is a fire raging it doesnot become us to ask what is the e,us. mo the cnflagration. Our fist dtuty na men and oa Ewinglsh men is to set to work to extingish the flamies. (Har, hear.-) Sure I am, then, that I appeal to the unitd he4rta of every portion. of the Britis ulc when I say, it w look at the vast p.ossessions which our faLthers wo-n'by their courage, their gsslntry, and for a century maintkinedi by their constanoy, we shold be urnworthy of our ay ngentrswe should dmmecdbe degeneto children, if by our tiaid misconduct we ndid the 'work of a cent-ry in a aingmb yeare (" Hear," and cheers.) Iio, gentlenen, I Will.c nt blvit. g - am cantisfied theat the effort of the Britsh People will be-nanaimous-.-that the British empire which wt have won, with our best heart blooa and with the blood Of Our children, will. be maintained in all its integrity, andi that, As one man, we,shall rise In defence of odr great possesionsinalndia. ("Hear, hear," andchears.) I am satis.- fled that the-lo-f- that empire would be the commencement of ourpdownfall; let us, then, by its maintenance prove that 'we arc not degenerated; and as here I havea told yon that concord is strongtha and unanimity your best seaurity, im this grat struggle lett xll minor quarrels and divisions bh fo.rgotten amonguns-; let us, as an united people, make onke great effort, and sustan the honoar of our country anc secure the integrity of the British domeiuia. (Loud cheers) Gentlemlon from my heart I pray that this work may be soccessful, and that when you and I am buried in the grave our posterity may say that in our day ad geners, tiot- we commened a great and a good woxk. I tru t thst tho agriculture of- the county of Cambarland-and in my yonth I came to the Abbey elineo to learn and to witnoe it-will go on inoreasng with its Commercial prospmribyi, Here let us, then, etablish a new alock, which by energy' and good management amy become the Carlie pors, and t hops to the remotest posterity the work which you hvav this day begun may* be remembered as worthy of our jiman ancl generotion, (DLoud applause.) At- the close of 'the right hon. baronet a address - thre cheers were given for the scesos of the dock, and the bind layed "God aove the Queen." The procession then re. formed, and the Soiway Hotel, with several other- new - buildings, was visited. Subsequently the whole o pardy a journed to the- lre goods shsed ofthe company, wvrhich Was taoefuly 11ttd up for the occasion, where a hanadiema dinaer haa been- prepared. Nearly 500 gentlemeo sat dowz to the repast. The usual loyal and complimentary toasts were duly given nad honouredv, a fter which The orioulgpefi proposed " the menbcirceor the city"-Sir J3tmes Graham and Mr. Wiiaim 1Neicholson. Hodgson. Sir J~Aasr (PsAXsAst, after watinly acineowleaging tha toast,referred to the present crisis in India, and speaking of our prospects in that empire saidt-I have the dosp,eatcoviction that neither the army nor the navy of the present day w;ill be found to be degenera;ted. (Cheers.) That armny and that navy, All foarced anda Compulsory servica.being now at su end-, are volunteers They are drawn froen the greast body of the people of this country. I say with pride-and.. satisfaction that, now growing an old man, Ic-do perceivq - in the great. body of the 'peoples of this count7l, withia the. last qesxter of a centrury, thei most mar'ked Improvement,. They wessase highly intelllgent; they are behter instrctsd ; t heirtlose ol liberty is not abated ; but the -love of ordier' is more universally pervading. And a people so free.ao in. a' 1etd y nature so gallant, cannot in mny opinion, faiL to s9end forth to the mosit dittat parks of t)he earth soldiera sAd s&ROes, freemen like theumslves, volun:teers, to - uphld. ttehoesour of their siativeland, to sutswn,iie renown qftOuM in the characters of the men who hne fortito t i*. the command which, d dii despondency. exist in any qs4gter. would forbid it to be genera. Just thin k of Sir. Ohn. Campbell. He knows.thateonnir vI l; he was-adollorise' of Sir Charles Napier. He is imbnad with the spirit of a, sildier and Highlander, and if La failed to dA his 4picy that right hand w-uld indeed have forgot t a.acunuiis (Cheers.) Then th*re isWindhD= of tbe ReBAn, W the rewaspe n iu ndia he refused a comnand W W war breas sout heoffex his s ervioes,,k avesParlauxntand,N) folkf and everything attrcc vad gos fndkle to. take the second place unI r Slr ECoihi pl(Cheers.) Insi multiply instaropes, but I bid y ou not for a uo mctto ncl ob lesponding.O 1 am satisf that tho sa. hob o forth ptartake,. the spiritiwhlc)s actuate. theepeople off-bi country, thr.b we have x^ts deggneeated5.ht thattb dilccult will be ovo rcome, thate when over eom a th e caaa which have lcddi tothis misforSue will -recel-e the mos} anxiousx enaidera'ienof the tgeltre . P ropar-rnesnsiestnuaan will be a3pohied, hut th empire must b bred sae, an hy,XPhe bleunssf gi Pr oridc aithe'r noodunttha v e shl r,osproae (Prolryneed chemrn TI HARY= 1K Dgoun- s O y etcape4t thae strere storms which have visited e E.gland,aiatkaweather for the last mouthU baeen, tlat 'cold be e aie red for harvest work. M of m wha .ha be-en gathered iu; tke yield is exee ja gooad cud tbu aity excellent. The poipto dives, whon. p romised a h''very virulent a few weeks ago, appear to have been ,ar. rested by the fine weather, bu huts large quant hI poo o e haive been destroyed by the murrain. Tthe rorot -erep are hulrbyoobtat 'aint rain.l Thaplopis ergpc bnte oew'h%ndthere will ha tolerably lar qutityt ot , ider made, eowpaaP-ep 17}tb thelast e<s !9pM f..ii eye, ,s,
I~UTU~ in lINDIA.-Meeting for the Relief of 5ea13fferare,_At the aoWgeafti at Man3 indluential gentlese ,er lnotI it the I en otarnof & iob tbelr in d!a UT~o MNEEI oildbhi' -&be on4vQulc, Agst t 2 aa0, bno IS57nTueh a the 2t4h iW&t at O'Cleo The Chair Wil be kskenrthe bt Hon. the LORD MAYOR. K amt stingDW P5sWMu he detailed ac the MeetnL and a Oommtl hbomedo to e t fou ofrddgeafatord Tickets @%ion 0 See oW tff:I ng ro the efectsol5 =lfoeteti eta for Oni Bobe obtned at !Mth doz-hoeew Roomed~~~~~~ *et forr t SDte Wmio~wse, August 50, 185. A!SZ^BE}tOYSi,~~ IsYAR Will e aivee on Friday an d Ratur Totntng,i h nd th Amden.~~~~~ ~o Augus t Z A rie o,t aenn d o oc, WxP n4h Oilo G1au(l ?{ ofs Ho the SI DL tembeirl Nrtr ai , * Vitb stll, Cois,edrpt, S2e. d; H4* tal,S. Sd; ad alery e iliad =or( ofrn the h 22ddot gprem tib ,on ou.fr' t onoth 2 thoe 2ug,8tbo the 4ho aned 11th onfh Mo Seeptemb er; o teh ea 10th ofSeemr tr~~~~ A n 4 HAoe;Ijko r TUMINNIIIIE-I o2sequeoo ofnbs Nric,o the --rm 8yato ear forafwgu meInMts ot e taban one xte Douglas Jepld8s nmex Bghof,o h 8ho fbemngon the otheoe aet,tem7, with the on t e1 t ly ofOoceb. coeyof ThOTIMes chs rdced by Mr., Duck" i @ W. valen, Mr. AIstoHe. [ Ur.E THoe Ir JYtNIG.I conqene of X oywthe bkem;nprse tm ft. whks al:nde thisgreA a t on his r eception gife toe Poeboffioa Y SANo. W11l)a AIN%siststl Owke; Guath-ain (aketuz fithelly,h iN ntholate Douglau ,teerOYAY doama OafT dns foeaocs toe cmene atd Mi.s the ner and Madame4aleAte_ fooedr of flctio characters by * e. Bk atof r oe g t . W.ePasen, Mnder.ble toyeM DE. Eug WRITEre oMr. aond *OcokTe; Gcsabetaln (as 0iinalMy pefensned hit) s r B'oclatre m theixdnacndalhed wt 8. L~t!~ah o GrenBehe wih elUm LttOe Stranger an andMeP.Bedor I thirorginl baac er.Wis and J. El talented nd EARAJLTRAEtmINthe VraHofAmTRE ROandIlO8s,.rJnOea taaen u3!vgus ae flonenirpeetto andns ad terrnmatatite,wiheleae bAoxeS, a pMt. &e,;i Uisse nder Bulceollsr. THIL. T f EVENNG N LTOApB. uyEct,Mr Lanur; Mooama.H e" e, .Drn, rn oer,b h frm e Hik nd S. ams NAT FN TEEATUAIJJTRATE ~coedhchT e einet atres, tea and J. I T enrY. Monday, Sept,?.oz, uc R~t an, afie.Under the anemendedf r.egulationsef, h without an in-Vewwll ppea. stampa.n No noie e takn, ofL oliver.tto conclude wthonA THIS eVEisinteG,o GREEiN BSrtio iMe beatena.gticP.ted,e1 byndheada-ne aeladrste. fth WihW wrME itLer o STReArGER foar. WrbcaigtP.Bdor, bt san gur.Cianteley.fhi AnodPEaith. AordTheApbawon. ommeTce at?.omecd A5oomd etr 0. ema, ad ls. tIring. andDWdMAAILO at alel, r
LONDOaN, S42'UBDAY, AUGUST 22, 1857. In the House of Lords last evening Lord CAsrBni announced that the House of Commons had agreed to the Bill for Preventing the Sale of Obwcene Books and Prints, with certain amendments. He should move on Monday that those amendments be adopted by their Lordships. It was not necessary to make the Bill applicable to Scotland, as the common law of Scotland provided strigent means for putting down such nuisanees. Lord SHArrzsuRzy moved for the production of a circular order of Sir Hzzuy SommEs,r, then GeneralCommander-in-Chief at Bombay, dated January 14, 1857, in which he prescribes certain rules for enlistment, and declares it to be in his opinion indispensable that no low caste men should be adritted into the ranks of the native arrmy. He (Lord SArssBuny) was of opinion that nothing tended so much to foster a spirit of mutiny in the Bengal army as the homage paid to the Brahinin caste It was inconsistent With our political position, and with our position as a Christian country. He wished to know from soMe member of HZB MAJBsTY'S Government whether the principle of selection was to be recognized in future. Lord GaRxvmnL had no objection to produce the paper in question. As regarded the mode in which the Bengal army was to be levied in future, it would be presumptuous on his psrt to give, at this juncture, any distinct pledge as to the manner in hich the Indian armies should be organized. The Consolidated iund (Appropriation) Bill was read a third time and passed. The folIowing BiLls were read a third time and paed *-Dunbar Harbour Loan Bi1, Metropolitan Police Stations, &c., Bill, Miltia Pay Bill, Revising Barxisters (Dutlin) Bill, Probates and Letters of (EtIndia) .1jl,l JbintStock Companies Act (1856) Arendment 41, Parochial fchoolmasters (Scotland) (No. 2) Bill C;atoma and Excise 33ill, Cuetoms Bill, and Pimlico Improvementa BiJLl On Lord GANvIxZ moving "that the House do now adjourn," Lord REDESDAI,E, in purunce of a previous notioe, moved " that the amendments made by the Mouse of Commons in the Divorce and Matri. monial Causes Bill be taken Into consideration that day six months." Lord Ga42uvmrx obeerved that the motion was irregular. The Loan C"rcEwoi warmly opposed the motion. Lord LANsDowaZ did not deem it right that a Bill of great importance, such as that under discussion, in which material alterations had been made in the other House, shiould be prewsed without due notice of the nature of those amendments being afforded. Lord RED=.S&L' withdrew bis motion out of deference to the feeling of the House. The LoRD CnIIANwC1rao then gave notice that on Monday he should move that the Commons' amendments to the Divorce Bill be taken into consideration. The House adjourned at 20 minutes past 7' o'clock. In the House of Commons, at the early sitting, In reply to Mr. W. Wmuass, who inquired whether there was any truth in the tumour that in compliance with an application from the Government of Prance the Government of this country would expel some of the French refugees who had sought an aslum here, Lord PAL;R=ox said no such application had been made, and, if there had been, Hun ff mSI'S Government had no powerto comply with it. In auswer to Mr. Gnryr, Lord PAWsxRSTON stated that the late Bishop of NonwIcH had resigned under circumstances painful to himself, but honourable to his personal character, without any itipul&tion whatever as to a etiring pension. lt was the intention of the Government to propose next aession some general arrangement for granting pensions to Bishops who were, through age or infirmity, obliged to resign, and if Parliament should sanction this arrsngement the Government would take care that it should include Bisihop HIND. At present they had no means of granting him a retiring pension. On the order for the third reading of the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, Mr. Ema" reviewed the proceedings upon this measure in that House, noticing the number of chauges it had undergone during its progress, even without division-some of the most material alterations having been proposed by the Government-and the length of time it had been under discussion in the committee, where there had been 15 divisions, seven of which, had been called for by members who had voted for the second reading of the Bil, five only by its opponents, and tbree by neutral members. After these statistical facts Mr. Hmuiy proceeded to examine the nature and quality of the material changes made in the Bill since it came down from the Lords, when it had only four categories of divorcenamely, adultery with bigamy, with cruelty, with desertion, and with incest. That House had added two more categories, besides making other important changes, with the full consent or at the instance of the Government, although when received from the other E3ouse the Bill was said to contain the mlnd of the Government. He mentioned this, he sd, to show that those who had brought on the long debates upon the Bil could not be accused of havnng discussed it in vain. He then subjected some of the provisions of the Bill, as altered, to a minute criticism, pointing out what, in his opinion, would be the effects of the new system, which, in some of its most Important features, owing to want of time, had not been, he said, sufficiently considered. Sir G. GnEY briefly replied to Mr. EHxLzy, contending that ample time had been afforded for the discus1ion of the details of the Bill. He denied that when it came from the other House it had been re- I presented as a perfect measure, and he admitted that useful amendments had been made in it during the discussions in that House. The Bill was, therefore, more perfect than when received from the Lords, but he thought that, although these amendments had very much imDroved it, Mr. LE YLY had attached too much inportance to them. He was not prepared to say that the Bill at present was a perfeet measure. It must be, to a certain extent, experimental, anud it might be necessary to come to Parliament sgain for some amendment of it. SirW. HxATHcoTE reiterated an objection of Mr. Hr?,Liy, that the Bill, although it nominally abolished the action of crim. con., substituting another form of action, did not get rid of the sandal. He admitted that the Bill had been improved, but he could not, he said, look with satisfaction upon the position in which it left the clergy and the whole Church of England. The concession made to the clergy had not been conceived in a proper spirit, and he thought the Bil was fraught with very great difficulty and danger. Mr. ABTON believed that the measure, as far as it went, would give great satisfaetion; he suggested, at the same time, what he considered to be its main defects. Mr. NEWDuGATE felt very great doubts as to the advantages of this measure, beh;eving that they would be more than counterbalaneed by its disAvantages. Lord J. MunEs made a last protest against the Bill, on the ground of principle, on account of many of its provisions, and of the mode and manner in which a measure Fo aonomalous and illm-oniened had been forced through the House. He complained of the conduct of business byy Lord PAz,3RRsTow{ as leader of the House. Lord PLmnSroX observed that the course adopted by the opponentb of the Bill, upon this its last stage, was creditable to them a- respecul to the House. In defence to the Bill of Indictment of Lord J. M s he insisted that he had not de- arted from the ordinary forms of the House. ethreats he had heard that the meaure would be impeded, not by argument, but by delay, he had met by an offer to sit until September. The Bil, he thought, was a very great improvement of the law; but he avowed that he never gave a more reluctant consent to anything than to the clause of concesion to the scruples of certain of the clergy. In conclusion, he took this last opportunity, he said, of directing the attention of the Houseand the country to the course which the House of Commons had pursued ince the last election, whh he thought had been highly creditable, and calculated to inspire the country with confidence. There never had been a session in which members had devoted themselves sO closely and so succefully tothe business of the Rouse. The Bill was hen read a third time and pased. The Sale of Obscene Books, &c., Prevention BiDM was likewise read a third time and passed. On the motion that the House, at its rising, do adjorn until Monday, Colonel Sxrs asked the PTresident of the Board of Control whether it was the intention of Government to confer upon the officers of the Persian expedition testimonials of approval of successful military operations in brevets, honoulrs, and a medal, prefacing his question by some remarks upon the success of the expedition and the ability displayed by the commanding officer. Mr. V. S=Tar bore testimony to the gallantry, courage, and skill exhibited in the expedition, but observed that the question of honours must be decided by the Indian Government. The House adjourned shortly afterwards unti Monday.
Should any future student of history choose to inquire how the British Legislature oecupied itself during the year when its Indian Empire seemed to hang on a thread and the glory of England verge to its decline, he wiMl find not what he would expect, but yet the illustration of a well-known law of human nature. The mind proceeds as much by momentum as by impulse; it is ever preoccupied by interests which it cannot readily expel for the admission of new ones; habit dominates over judgment; trifles, reveries, and petty vexations dispute the ground with theo most awful necessity; and people rather remain stl what they are accustomed to be than rise to the measure of the occasion. The most tremendous danger, the most heartrending calamity, and the most intolerable insults that have ever befallen any country have not been able to occupy more of our legislative time and interest than several matters of no real importance whatever. There has been more than usual excitement and violence; there has been an appeal to the people; there has been a boasted contest of physical endurance between rival statesmen; Mmu MAJnSTY has been driven to dissolve Parliament; we have thus had two Sessions instead of one; and the latter has been inconveniently prolonged by the obstinacy of faction. What has been, the occasion ? India with a splendid army in revolt; provinces as large as European empires lost to us; many hundreds of our fellow oountrymen, women, and children treacherously and horribly murdered ? No such thing. This, indeed, has been once or twice discusaed, and now and then alluded to. Some old, or would-be Governors, and some veteran soldiers have tendered advice about troops, transport, arms, clothing, and other details. Had a Caffre Chief threatened a few Dutch Boers at the Cape they could not have done less. The Treasury Bench has, too, been occasionally asked for intelligence. But what has been the real work of the Session ? Parliament was dissolved on the long and violenty-debated question whether it was advisable to stigmatize with official excess the conduct of some of HEn MAJ.8Tss civil and military servants some months before, on the other side of the world, when it was wholly impossible, and not even required by anybody, to recall what had been done. Such was the chief occupation of the firt Session of this year. The most engrosing occupation of the eecond Session baa been a furious resistance, on religious grounds, to the transference of the judicial action of Parliament on the Law of Divorce to a regular tribunal. It is a measure of which we say, without hesitation, that it would have argued no alight to religion, no levity as regards the constitution, and no carelessness as to public morality, to dismiss it in two nights' debate, leavingp it chiefly to lawyers and divines. That, however, did not answer the purpowe of the British Brahmins and their Parliamentary instigator A war of religious scruples has been fought as fiercely and as inconsistently on the banlk of the Thames as on those of the Ganges or the Jumna; and even while we write it is still uncertain whether the mass of our countrymen will not be left in enforced subjection to a dogma which even its supporters admit to be a human invention. Such has been the clamour of the latter discussion that it costs an effort to recall what else has been done, or attempted, in the course of these two Seseions. Besides Chinas that has been so fully debated, and India, in the Commons at least, so briefly, other external matters have forced themselves upon us. The Persian Expedition has had its due share of notice only in the Commons; but that House declining to censure -what appeared to be well ended, and what, in fact, it knew very little about, that mysterious affair may now be left to history. We have suspended diplomatic relations with Naples, and no section of our political world is in a condition to quarrel with the resut. It is now almost forgotten how the House of Commons was one night started with the announcement of a secret treaty binding u to the permanent subjigation of Italy, and how it was happily relieved. The [unsettled questions arising out of the treaty with Russia have only been mentioned to be left again in the hands of HnBB M.AJESTVS advisers The Slave Trade has been discussed with a view to the relief of our West Indian proprietors, by some plan of voluntary immigration and service, as well as the avoidance of di9ienlties with Spain, Brazil, and the UInited States. This aubject, however, is not yet in that state in which the British Legislature is likely to interfere. With these exceptions, if such they may be cemsidered, and excepting also an occasional hint, suggested by painful experience, as to the bare possibility of soldiers and sailors being wanted nearer home than India and China, we may almost be said to be relapsing into that chronio apathy on foreign, affairz rudely broken in upon by the Ruwian war. A a matter of business, however, of much practical conveniencei we have this year paid Dennmark, once for all, oushare of the Sound Dues. Home subjects, and particularly metropolitan i subjects, have received this year at least the average degree of attention, arising possibly from I the ehaWtion or the painfulness of other topics. Indeed, when the whole foreign policy of the Opposition was embarked in the affir of the Arrow, and, being comramitted to the storms of a general eleetiran, utterly foundered, there was subsequently aore room than usual lo doMestic questions. Bur earlier ii the yewr some topics of periodical intereshad received a full and decisivetreatmnent. Several inulated proJects ef Pariamentary Reform have been diseused in both the old and the new House of Commons, with the constent result that it would be better to refer the wWhe question to next year. How far that undersanding is likely to be carried ouxt depends io some degree on the progress of eventj in another pazt of the globe; for it is at least possible that wee may have other matters to dicuss even more serious, and certainly moro urgent, than the constitution of the next House o, Common. The Church-rate difflculty has been left for one more year to its spontaneous solution. The same night that witnessed the defeat of Mr. Locze Kma's ammual motion saw eq justice dealt to Mr. SPooxzz in the matter of Maynooth, which the new House of Commons in due time showed even a leas disposition to handle than the old. The cause of National Education, atillbaffted in principle, has advanced, as usual, in detail by two measures for the maintenance of Reformatory and Industrial Schools. Parliament has declined to add to the present restrietions on the sale of beer. A compromise has been attempted between medical privilege and independence. The continual duty of the Lgislature to keep pace with the quick and manifold developments of commercial and private fraud has been recognized, not merely in the expulsion of a fugitive mem, ber, but also in some measures, and in debates that promise stronger results. Three distinc& attempts have been made for the admission oa Jews, hitherto with the same ultimate ill-success [as before, but stil with undiminished resolutioo to persevere. The Sale of Poison has been further guarded from abuse. A Bill has been passed for carrying out more effectively the existing laws against a certain class of immoral publications. Consistently with the present tenour of legisation tne House of Commons has declined to enter en a new social war for the support of the hish Establishment. It has performed a dutiful and neesRsaav but oubordinate part, in providing a marriage portion for the P=cmcsS Roysa, o Next to the two great topics which have cut short one Session and indefinitely protracted the other, perhaps the most prominent subject or class of subjects has been that which relates to the material improvement of this metropolis. The long predicted Eedileahip of London is strongly shadowed in the numerous discussions on its public buildings, its galleries, its parks, and its new thoroughfares, and also in the vexed question of the sources whence this expenditure is to be defrayed. The general opinion of the Lower House has been warmly, if not decisively, expressed against the removal of the National Gallery. It has not accepted the very severe censures of more than one well-known amateur on the management of that institution. It has refused a public graat towards the proposed Finsbury Park, notwithstanding the various extensive metropolitan parks in more favoured suburbs, which are either public property or the result of public grants. It has even listened to sharp criticians on the expenditure of a few thousands in the purgation of a lake in the very heart of OUr most Royal, palatial, and most political region. Not refusing money and the competent powers for the acquisition of new sites for the public offices, it appears to look coldly on the splendid architectural visions rising upon them, not, however, absolutoly pledging itsel against them. There are, indeed, strong symptomi of an incipient war against all local applications of public money, assisted pcesibly by those who. are disappointed of more than their share. We have ourselves been apt to think the case of the metro polis different from that of Scotland, for example, in that all England has the benefit of the metropolitan improvements, but not of a Scotch survey of the most extravagant character. However, as there are things that must be done, and as the money ought to be forthcoming from some gource or another, and there ought to be the persons properly authorized and qualified to direct the expenditure, it only remain for Parliament to create the local organization proper for the duties which it considers too local to devolve on itself. I Besides the painful interest of the events which have hurried upon us, the history of the double BeRi is itself more e0traordinary than could have been imagined by the most romantic politician. It was opened with a furious onset by several combined oppositions, headed by confederate and rival chiefs, against any financial scheme whatever that the CHnTc=oB, of the EXCHEQUzR could possibly propose. Baulked of the larger Estimates they expected, and had even the rashness expressy to anticipate, they never, nevertheless, could muster undiminished indignation against the very reduced Estimstes that actually appeared. In justice to ourselves we are bound to remind our readern that we had reckoned on higher Estimates, and before the Sesiion began had expressed ourselves Content to bear another year's War Income-tax, if that should be necessary, However, the CHAoNOR of the ExOHEQtJsR bowedto the coming storm, and reduced the Estimates to the lowest, thougha obliged to discharge many thousand soldiers and sailors, whose services the country will now sadly miss. It certainly was no part of Lord PALSrETON'S own policy to make a large reduction of our defences at the beginning of this year. For his policy, however, it was necessary, at all events, to retain power, and that ho could not do without a large reduction. That process answered the purpose of keeping him in, and fulfilled his apprehension that it would prove a great calamity. Bub what was to be done in the face of Mlessrs. GL&DsToNE, DiBnIAUi, and COBDEN ? Baffled in this quarter and for a moment disconcerted, they speedily joined forces on the remote and now historical question of Sir JoRN BowBINGas temper and discretion. On this point, by sheer animal strength and length of tongue, they beat the Pautm1R and compelled a dissolution. They immediately saw their miistake, for the conduct of Sir JoHs- BowVRG last year was not a question to carry down to the country against a chivalrous and deservedly popular Premier. However, it was they who had cast the die, and they had to stand by it. They did, and were most signally worsted, with the remarkable loss of many chiefs and some forty rank and file. For a time there was a calm in the new Parliament ; Mr. DISxAu was circumspect; Mr. GIDSTONSE actually dnmbfounded; Mr. ConDnms gone. But as the Session wore on a new question presented itself, promising an appeal to the fresh and inexhauetible vein of religious sentiment. As Mvr. GLDsro?ziE had himself when in power assisted to prepare and introduce a Divorce Bill substantially the same as that now before Parliament, a3ad had also, m an unfortunate instance, deliberately made himself evidence on a petition for divoree, ilt reqcuired some power of rapid oblivion to lead a religious crusade against Divorce Billsb, Divoree Courts, and Divorces altogether. But the- power was forthcoming, and has been amply used. 3'ever were sacred names, sacred words, sacred arguments and feelings so dragged in the'.irt as they have been against a measure the psinciple of whih iA has been found necesary to eoncede and the details hardly possible to- inn prove. Such is the chief act of a drama, of which the first was a most mnfortunate reduction, of our defences compeled upon Government, and iie- second a ridikulms vote of censure w-hich it was impossible in any way to carry out. These are the three ehief incidents of the Session, and such of the plblic as can put them together, and fikd e common animus and- common intelligence that originated all three movements, will know henceforth what authority to attach- to their author, and whether he is a better light for England to follow than the man now at tbe- head of E135 MatsyT's councils.
MV. DTSyAR appr(>ached more nearly thain usual, to sincerity when he explained on Thursday night his theory of the respective duties belonging to the Goverment and to the Opposition. "There "-is some distinction," he said, 4' between. the "posioion of a mere member of Parliament andthat 'Ofa Minister of the Roow. A member of Pars4 RiOext deems it his duty on the termination of "a great struggle, and after the commenoemei1t "of peace, to enforce reduction and retrenchment. Something more is to be expected from a "M'ii-ster of the Cnowx." In other words, it is Mr. Ths"Bxss busine3s to court popularity by economical speeches, but Lord PArwrnnnTN is bound to take care that the Estimates shall nevertheless not be cut down. The game between the Ins and Outs ought to be played according to the rulex, but it is unfair that the countay should contribute the stakes. Some coolness war required for the suggestioii that, by adopting a tone of Dmysterious warning, the Minister mig3t " have " made such an impression on Parliament "as to induce members to relax in the "efforts which they were making and in the "opinions which they were urging." The members who were moat prominent in the demand for reduced establishments were no others than Mr. GLADSTONE and Mfr. DIsRAELI himself; and it was well known that if the Government had obstinately refused all concession the league of opponents would have received a formidable accession in Lord J. RIuSSmrL. All who recollect the first day of the Session in February may appreciate the effect which would probably have been produced on the coalesced orators by " a warning and monitory tone, without "making revelations inconvenient to the public service. ' The Ministerial remonstrances would, as Mr. VuRNox SaiTi reminded the House, have derived little additional force from the statement that Delhi was left without an English garrison.. If it was wrong to give way, the assailants of the Government ought to be the last to attribute a public misfortune to their own success. Before the meeting of Parliament the Military and Naval Estimates were subjected to a sweeping reduction, under the pressure of the irresistible opposition which was threatened by the three leaders of the so-called Coalition. Lord JoHN RussrLT was so far satisfied for the time with the concession made by the Government as to abstain from any general attack on the Budget; but the rival Ex-Chauncellors of the Exchequer were equally eager in cementing their newly formed friendship by combined denunciations of Mrinisterial extravagance. Over and over again Mr. Gr.- STONE implored the Rouse to repudiate -what he called the War Estimatex, and to renounce the attempt to maintain in time of peace a menacing and unnecessary force. The extravagant establishment of the army formed the burden of his declamations during his unsuccessful tour of agit&ion in Flintshire; and even within the last fortnight the same speaker, in the debate on the tea Iduties, complained that the House of Commons and the country had sanctioned an ambitious and sggressive policy. It must be admitted that one at least of the leaders of Opposition has been consistent in his protests. Mr. DISRAu is more open to conviction as to the prudence of varying his language according to circumstances. In the winter it was his duty to assume the ostentatious guardianship of the public purse. In the summer it is not less3 appropriate to denounce the blindness of a Minister who is nurprised by an Indian revolt on the morrow of a vast reduction in the English army. Six months tince no support could be too cordial for the pro. posala of retrenchment which were brought forward, and Mr. GA.DSTo.NE had the opportunity to return the compliment by promising his assistance in an anticipatory amendment of the BudgetThe Session had not lasted tlhree hours when IxIr. P.tsAELI save notice of a motion for tl. reduction of the Income tax, and Lord PA.i 'RSTON points out the undoubted truth that a diminution of Wayx and Meaus has precisely the same effect as a proportionate refutal of Supply. TheWar Ninepence, or, as Mr. GLADsroNx characteristicaUy defined it,theWarElevenpence, implied, among other meanings, guns and horses and additional companies to every battalion in the service. The general feeling against the continuance of the additional impost was stimulated by the knowledge that the term at which it would expire under the actual law was the result of a mere accident. Lord PAMsToTON States a notorious fact when he says that " the cry for a remission was one which the "House was neither disposed nor able to resit; "the consequence was, that the Government found "it absolutely necesary to bow to the national "will, and the War Ninepence was given up." If an opposite policy had been popular at the moment it would possibly have found an organ in Mr. DISRAnL; but the prospect of office which seemed to be opened by the alliance with Mr. GLASTONz furnished an irresistible motive for advocating the most systematic retrenchment. It is unfortunately true that the savings which were enforced on the Government were not in all respects consistent with true economy. There is unavoidable waste in brealdng up any considerable portion of an organized establishment, and the inconvenience is mnore tangible when circumstanoes render it necessary to replace what has been diatarded at a sacrifice. If we are paying for recruits Imore than we should have expended in trained soldiers the House of Commons ought to take a share of the responsibility. MIr. Dirxu's compLAints against the Government of want of foresight, if not altogether irrelevant, are equally applicable to all parties. No suggestion of danger impending in India would have led to the continuance of the extr& percentage on the Incometax. The alternative of altering the law which limited the number of 6uzmes troops in lidia was never proposed by any mnember of Parhiment. The charges which had been ordinarfly wrged againt the Indian Govenment were not aimed against the parsimony of the Directors, but rather against their supposed disosition to bur4en the revenue with unnecessay nailitary expenses. The House of Commons cannot but regret Ander present circumstances the sweeping reduction of the army; but it may naturally be said that although a large force has twice within four year been required for distant seae a whole generation had previously passed by without any aeoesponding demand on the military resource of the country. No section of the House is exclminiet responsible for the policy which was adopted, ad it is comparatively useless to. inquire whether an error was eommitted. hIr. Lz y trifles with a serious question when he argues that the force employed in India will] mot be charged, at least in the first instance, on the Eaglish revenue. The present difficulty is not financial, but military. It is necesary to denude the home stations of troops for reinforcements despatched to- the East; and a large portion of tha recruits now ;n process of enlistment wi, if the struggle continues, be drained off as reserves to the Indian army. It follows that a supplementary force of AM$ltior of regular troops, must be created for home *erviee. There is no reason to fear any sudden aggresson because our shores may for a short interval be insufficiently defended. The danger would commence if foreign- State& were impressed with the conviction that the- national spirit or resources had become inadequate to the simulta neous defenee of all portions of the 1m3pire. Ac cording to the- backleyed illustration of DmsosTmn,s, the guard must not be con&sed to the place whih has been already struck. Whatever nay be Mr. GLADsToN9sproceedings, Mr. DisRnALr and Lord Jonx lWssxrLL will assuredly abandon their professed intention of enforcing further reductions in the- iitary Estimates of 1858. There is great difitulty in determining the exact force necessary for a time of peace, which may at any moment be exchanged for war. The general theories on the subject may commaud universal assent. It is- not wise to waste the national resources when; they may be husbanded for periods of emergency; on the other hand, it is highly inconvenient to alow a sudden difficulty to find the country unprepared. But general propositions are not easily reduced to statistical figures. All that stabeanen can do is to form from the experience of the past an approximate estimate of future waants. The vast extent and varied circumstances of the British Empire multiply the possibilities of danger. The peace establishment is in the nature of an insurance against war, andl its amount must depend on the number of possible casualties. Experience seems to show that the nation must be prepared to provide the means at the same time of fitting out one considerable expedition, and of maintaining a respectable feoe within the United Kingdom. The Channel Fleet, of course, mnst be taken into account as an important part of the public defences, but the despatch beyond the ,seas of 20,000 or 30,000 men ought not to necessitate calling out the Militia. Nearly onethird of the Indian reinforcements represents the ordinary reserves which arw required in time of peace; but including the Chinese contingent the actual drain occasioned by events in the East nearly corresponds to the larger amount. Mr. BRIoxT and Mr. GLADSTONn Wil not hereafter succeed in persuading the country that a force which is so frequently found to be insufficient serves as an encouragement to a policy of wanton aggression.
The Liverpool jury has done justice to the case of the "Murder on the High Seas" tried on Thursday. Juries have been apt to take Iax views of such cases. The bias of a seaport jury is in favour of ship authorities and discipline. It is supposed in such cases that the victim was an unmanageable feUow, or that he was a provoking I fellow ; that he brought punishment upon himself; that the captain must deal sharply with such fellows on peril of the whole discipline of the ship giving way; that this being necessary, yoa must not examine his acts too accurately; that he may have overdone it, but that the chances are a hundred to one for his having been substantialy in the right. These are the sort of general axiomrs that often direct a sea, port verdict. But a seaport jury has now found its way to a verdict of wilful murder for death brought on by cruelty on boarcl ship. The case is certainly an atrocious one. There is a horrible mystery in cruelty in its not being content with scattering pain, but selecting some one victim for continuous torture. The tormenter must stand, like the mesmerist, in fxe& relations to some one person for the complete satisfaction of his cruelty, otherwise the passion is stunted as it were and not properly and fully developed. It may be accidental in the irst instance what victim is selected, but, once chosen, spite has got something to hold on, and grows by conCentration. The wret, hed mau cannot do anything which does not provoke his tormenter,-if he does not look him in the face he is a reptile; if he does he is an impudent dog; if he speaks he is obstreperous; and if he holds his tonguie he is a sneak. So every motion, word, and look of the victimfeeda the torturing bully's spite, which of course grows every day, and requires, like an animal appetite, perpetual frel ct5. to appe&se it, Cruelty tj a IRlungry passion, and a -tormenter grP s lat :Uder it, unles he c a ti sfydy it by J *"L tinuous victim. Eve.n thliv le mus hatv variety, for cruelty a an epicure as well as a glua ton; it wants fresh dishes, strong seaoning, au4 chazp sauces. This is the secret of such institution% ax the Inquisition. There must be vaiety, or thi torturer hinmself gets tired. The apparatus wlhich I the Spanish Armada conveyed esbAbitel a graduat and sientific ascent from the thumbuwrw to the rack. The spite of the Captatn of the Martha ppeari to have iftened on rosx, in the first in*tanec partlybecause he made sme unusual demonstratio,. of good spiris. He was " fond of snin, d Fang on a Sunday morning, " Oh ! let b " joyful," upon which the Captain, with t1 observation " rll make you sorrowful,v thr* * iron bolt into his mouth and kept it there for' as hour and a-half. He was day after day whipped, beaten with a rope's end, sad put in irons. l T Captain trained his dog to fly at hfim, au with so much sucesm that the mster and d g acted in concert, and the master whippe4. while the dog bit. The dog bit off pieoee o lesh. The man was put into a dry water baeil described as a small one, and rolled about deck, He was kept in this barrel from 12 at noon to 12 atnight, onlybreathingrsh air through the bunghole. We cannot deecribe other puniishmente which do indeed iUnstrate tha epicuresunion of cruelty. With all this fertility and ingenuity of torte cruelty was si unappeased. What wat to be done ? The Captain said,'-" Rosr, I wish " you would either hang or drown yourself." The wretched man, in despair, replied, "I " wish you would do, it for me," upon which the Captain hanged him. We uy, " hanged him," because the man hung - for two mlinutes, was taken down with face black, eyes protrudinpi out of their sockets, and froth cowam g out of is moutl2, ad died a dy or two Sfter. This i hanging to all intents and purposeo. A rery succesgful ad oDmplete ch%pier in the history of torture. The man is whipped, ironed, bitte, imprisoned in a br4 kc., and tien hung. The acmto is idieu psychologscaR7l as showing tha celty t satisfy it . Xt gW from one fern of todue to another, but alr al it nevereaches a goe8 The reatles hmg pasin whf7 taments th vaey tormenter finds out to hi awn &igs at * ithat it it s itiabe, and that iRE own vitas ann gnawed oy a perpetaal void wWhch itca*t fll Them io always sowthing 'obe done to complefe thMe work, which never is and never can be dowe.. Te victim n always escaping thea Lat xti ta fi e toe. meniter in despir flings the vr4th iside as a numsce amd taks summazy refuge in an act which pus an end to Tictim sad tortue at once. " Roe, I wish yot would either hang 4t "drown youcwf" That is the language of milappeased and inatiabe cruelty, at last growing weary not of its own wickedness, but of its own weakness and fhitlefsneas. Whether or not thi Captain had a definite intention of putting an end te Rosxes life when he hung him, as a rational being he knew, as the Judge said, that he was employing the natural machinery for causWng death. He chose that machinery because it was connected with death, and because on that ve'r account it satisfied the vexed and disappointed passion of cuelty. W ' almost wonder all the time we read thi4 account at the courage of a man who could defy the natural horror of a whole ship's crew for weeks. Indeed, it shows the strength of discipline, in our merchant service that he was able to do so-a strength of diacipli which in the long rtn is most advantageous, however it may on particular occasions incidentally realdt in the painful, simple cuieqcence of a whole hip's crow while such atrocities as those were going on. We night wonder, we say, at the courage of a man who could throw himself so confidently upon the prineiple of discipline and defy all the indignatioD. of a ship's crew, did we not know that a strong passion often gives an overbearing energy and resolution of its own to the miaad,-a force of will. which overrides opposition and nascent rebellion by simply not seeing them. The. crew stood by in sullen disgust while those barbarities were being perpetrated, one man only intimating to the Captain that he would have to answer for lids conduct on shore. That trial has at last come, and a Liverpool jury has declared that murder on the high seas is still murder. But at the same time this seems to be a new idea to them at present,-they cannot quite take it in; they only half realize it; they only caught hold of a corner of it, and, like mrany other fresh discoveries and orginal ideas, it etartles at first even those who adopt it. The Liverpool jury no sooner pronounce their verdict than they start back from the sound themselves have made, and recommend the criminals to mercy. But what can be the meaning of such a recommendation ? If this is wilful murder, surely it is one of the most atrocious and revolting that was ever committed. A man who knocks another on the head at a blow is a mild murderet compared with a wretch who first torments hii victim cruelly and then despatches him. Why, then, the recommendation to mercy9? Does thf jury think the case very horrible, but still not amounting altogether to murder ? Then, why did they bring in the verdict of "Wilful " Murder" at all ? We will give them the optioii of either horn of the dilemma-either that their verdict was right and recommendation wrong, or their recommendation right and verdict wrong; but both cannot be right together. The confusion, however, is easily explained. At Liverpool they have but just embraced the idea that murder ou the high seas is murder. Murder on land ix murder, but murder at sa-what is that t They must call it murder, because they do not -knowr what else it is; but they reoommend the criminal to mercy because it is not reaUy murder., SU a verdict as this would disgrace, ittellecuhaly, any market town in the country, becmuse,t iu absolutely suicidal and self-contradictor. LeY them call the case manslaughter if the1 do not really think it murder, but do not lot tei call it wlful murder and recommend the erimtnal to mercy. For, if tlWis is murder, so far from the stin being cleared away by the element on which it wag commitd.-so far from '; al "g reat NaNru's ocean *ahing out that blood," it has itself the \,"snIltitudinaou sea incarCc nadined."
TIM, mN U T I N I E S IN DIA. 'We were favoured at a late hour last night with the following telegraphic despatch, received through I H:er Majesty's Consul at Cagliarl, August 21, at 7 45 p.m. We publish it verbaim as we have received At :- " AXEX&NDRIA, AUGUST 14, 9 P.M. :The Nubia arrived at Suez to-day. She brings edates from Calcutta to the 21st July; Madras, 25th -July ; Galle, 28th July; Aden, 8th inst. " The telegraphic message from Suez is meagre zand confuind, and there is not time to receive -explaation before the departure of the steamer :Bceotia for Malta. "It is stated that Delhi is not taken, but the -date is not given. "1 General Barnard is reported to have died from 'dysentery. "The news given in the Bombay Times of the 14th July by laat mail respecting the taking of fCawnpore by the rebels and the massacre of the Europeans there is confirmed. " The Suez telegraphic message then goes on to -say as follows:- " ' Simoom and Himalaya arived at Calcutta wilth about 1,500 of China forces, to proceed at -once up country. Only 300 more troops expected, <1eneral Hlancock's forces.* Rebels beaten on three -Dccasions, and several guns taken, between Alla&habad and Cawnpore; the latter retaken from Nana Sahib, whom Havelock is following up the Blittoet about 10 riles. " ' Sir Henry Lawrence died of wounds received !na sortie from Lucknow, where at present all is j -well. I c;AU the troops in Oude mutinied. Agra all quiet. Native troops disarmed. "'vralior Contingent mutinied. Supposed to -have marched on Indore. "'No politial China news given. "' The Transit Government steamer totally lost in the Straits of Sunda. Crew and troops aU - arrived at Suez to-day. " ' This telegraph received from acting Consul* General Green at Alexandria for the Earl of Clarendon. " 'C onsul CRAIG."' 'Ts is probably Havelock. tProbaWy Bithoor.
COURT CIRQULAP.. OSBORNE AuG. 21. The Queen andaPrince drove In the grounds yesterday. Colonel the Hon. 0. B3. and Mrm Phipps had the honour -of dining with Her Majesty Eli oyali hnm Prine Arthur likewise accompanied adrneConsort in their Late cruise. A imeeting of the Royal. Comm iissioners for the Exhibition ,of 1851 was held yesterday at the Palsce of Westminster, -present, 'Earl Granville, the Right Ron. B. Disraeli, X LP., the Right Hon. Sir B. Hall, ALP., the Right Ron. W. F. Cowper, MPD., Sir William Cnbitt, anud Colonel i'ortlovk, F-.B -Mr. Edgar Bowrin (secretary) was in attendance. A deputation of the National Sunday League had an inter. 'view with Earl G4ratnville yesterday at the Privy CounciV. *office. The deputation consisted of Sir Joshu, 'Walmaley, President ; Mr. J. Baxter Langley, Vioe-Pxesident ; Sir J. T. Trelawn, M.P. ; Mesmr. W. DuLthie Diamond, P..M. orell Jhn ea, Hnr Ral.W. Medland, W. Alln, ohnKery, ohnBajbrige,W.Tinley, Alexander Desptche wee snt ysteday romthe Colonial-office to the ovenor t Cnad. Depatheswere received from
THE ATLANTIC CABLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-England, having once put her hand to the plough, - cannot leave it until the furrow Is completed. It has boeen England's destny to make the Transatlantic cable, and will, I trust, be hers to send her electric tongue <' to earth's remotest bound." The grand project has been commenced in a most enthu. lastlio manner, and In cordial cornexion with the nation that has sprung from us; one of the "multitude of mations" that are to be developed according to old Jacob's predictions. But, hovever laudably and spiritedly It hAs been undertaken, It has not yet been accomplished, and it remains to be acknowledged, the hand of Providenoe, who helpeth when man faileth, where his object is the amelioration and civilization of his race. Who would have thought, while wandering over that astonishing fabrio now building, the Great Eastern, that this was to be her mission, and which I verily believe must be, if ever it is accomplished! How strange that the monster should have been slowly growing to maturity, and now, jus in the nick of time, there she is, ready to accomplish the work, -a work which I believe no other vessel in existence can perform. Thus, while the projectors of this " mighty machine" had outstripped the bounds of mercantile diniensions, as suited to the present requirements, they little dreamt the illustrious mission their mammoth was destined to falfil preparing the road for " knowledge to run to and fro on the sarth," nay, and round the earth. Your able correspondent "N. M.,' in your paper of the 17th inst., will be glad to dispose of the old cable to carry out his important suggeations, and whioh ought and must be done, and the fine old Agamemnon, accompanied by her slster of mercy Niagara, must reel off their " mortal coil" In the land-looked Mediterranean, so that both countries may share in the glorious work, a flash through which may gsave a million souls. The details I leave to the talented promoters and practical *men of the present undertaking, where it has been by all -allowed great tiaent has beeni displayed, and woald merely state my reasons for suggesting the Great Eastern's suita4uilty for carrying out this importapt undertaking. L This monster ves el win be large enough to stow alU the wire reqlired, and which I would suggest should be ,coiled upon reel, so that there would be no chance of foul. ing, aa in the " unfaldng" of a coil. 2. She wil not "pitoh," and if she does, there may be a trunk constructed through her bottom amidships, which 'would obviate the dagr experiencd in paying the cable -over the stern. 3. By the cables being on a series of reels a high speed nay with safety be used, and thus save much slack boeing carried nway by currents and deviationz in the course, 'wlhch a slow speed must necessarily be attended with. Thus, Sir, with a ship having capaci'y enough to caTy 4he cable thus and to spare, and with any velocity that may be required, it is only a matter of . s. d. that can prevent this great desideratum being accomplished. The *einews, Iam sure, wll not be withheld when certainty must ,VaM the nation's efforta with success. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. VECTIS. Isle ol Wight, Aug. 20.
FAILURES IN LIVERPOOL.-On Thursday the sueaenion wras anncounced of Mr. J. H. ayes, corn-broker, tiverpoo,], end yesterda;that intelligence was followed by he reported failure of Mer6. Bulchanan, Brown, and Co., ,rodnce brokera, with liabilities io toe amount of 300,OOOZ. *lhis latter falure is said to be owing6 in some measure, to ZDne Of the cases referred to in he Timtes of yesterday. SuGAR, RtM, &c,-In the year ended the 30th of -June last there wore imnportd 6,449,349cwt. of colonial msugar, and 361,367cwt. offoreign sugar, making an aggre ;gate importation of 6,810,716vwt, of which 3,480,880cwt. .,were retained, ior home use. The aggregate receipts of duty -on sugar and molses of all kinds amounted io 5,780,635l. *The amount of duty received on rumn in the same yer was 1,414,4Ml. The averae priqe of Msaovado scgarinthe year eaded the 30th of June lat was-West India, 36s.8d.; lau:itins, 36a. Sd. ; and East India, 36s. 6d. The prce ol VAKssinah nugst (qtdinuy yellow) was 37e,
THE INDIAN MUINIES. The following Is au extinct from a letter from an Artillery offlcer, dated Peshawur, June 26:- " We have formod here a beautiful 6-pounder horse bat. tery, with 160 Europeans attached, the only battery in lndia in which the drivers are not natives; 74 ride and the reat sit on the gum and waggons; iu three weeks we procured volunteers, taught them to ride, and trained 130 horses; we want 20 more horse. " I will not now weary you with more detalls,butlchange the subject. I am always picturing to myself the horror of people at home when they hear of the auccesion of atrool. ties perpetrated by the scoundrel Sepoys, and of the narrow escape we have had of losing India. We disarmed the 10th lvgular Cavalry here, and then disbanded them for not charging the 55th Native Infantry, who were in open mutiny, when ordered to do so. We managed to get these doves, as they are called, dismounted within 100 yards of the guns, sent a party to seize their horses at their pIcket5 then commanded them to lay down their rms, then sent searchers to relieve them of their paraphernalia, made them take offtheir coats, then ordered thea to take offthe'r boots. Fancy a cavalry regiment hard at work taking off each others' boots, under the influence of artillery I Each man was then given 8 annas (12d_), the whole secured, marched off to the river side, where they are to be embarked in boats and sent down the Indus, where I expect every mother's son will have a chance of being drowned in the rapids. To-night we pick out horses to complete the battery from the disbanded cavalry. We had a night alarm a short time since; you know we (the artillery) all sleep at the guns. I awoke and heard 'boom,' "boom ;' hearing guns fired (for so it swemed) at regular intervals from the fort, we thought the city had risen, and a night alarm all through the cantonments was the consequence; we were all at our rendezvous in no time. This was caused by the explosion of little mines in the city in honour of a wedding. Well, next morning the pereons concerned and those who worked at the mines were tied up and received such a flogging as they will not easdly forget. In these times of danger and treachery we don't bother ourselves about the quirks of law, but hang, shoot, or flog as irctumstances arise. We stand no nonsense here. The General swears he will maintain dis. cipline. " What a wonderful mercy the telegraph comtnumoation has been kept up in the Punjab; here is a use it ws put to :-A letter was intercepted at Pindee, which said, 'Three natives of high rank (giving names) sit in oouncil tomorrow to decide what to do against the English.' Telegraph said, ' Le' a spy attend and report.' This was done, and in a few minutes after the outlines of the plot were before Lawrence. Telegraph again, ' Rang them all three.' In 1 rminutes more they were hung. Short work." The following letter is from an officer of the Guides:- " BEFORE TIE WALLS OF DELHI, JuMx n1. "I wrote you last month that the Guides were ordered down to PR-wul Pindee. On arriving there we were ordered to Delhi. where we now are; we arrived here on the morning of the 9th, havIng acomplished a distance of 600 miles in 22 days-not bad marching for the middle of the hot weather. We got an immense deal of praise in the shape of a long brigade order, issued by the new Commander-in-Chief. We had a most frightful march down, as you can well supypose, and for the first time in my life I found out the real meaning of the term 'roughing lt.' ' state of affaIrs here you will no doubt have head of, and of the mutiny of the native troops. Delhi is strongly forti. fled, and held by a laeg body of mutineers, most probably about 5,000 or more men. They are already quarellingfear fully among themselves, and hanging and cutting each other down, each suspecting his neighbour. However, a largebody stand together; these have fortified the town of Delhi very strongly; they consist of our artillarymen, cavalry. ard Sapoys. On our side about 3,000 Europens and our two regiments of Bengal European Fuslleers, a good strong force of Horse and Foot Artillery (European), the Guides, and the Simoor Battalion. Several SiLh and Punjabee reg. ments are on their way down from the Peshawur fronfter, EO that in averyshorttimewemay expeotto have a force of some 15,000 men, with the six regiments from Calcutta. A battle wasfought theday beforewe joined bead.qurtersbetweenour troops and the mutineers; the latter were in an intrenched camp some four miles from Delhi, on the Umballa road, aLd were driven back into Delhi by our troops, after five hoora' fight, with a loss of seven guns and a grent number of their men. Ourlossa, I msorrytosay, wasverygreat; but whenor e considersthatthenustineers areallourowntrained soldiers f every branch of the service it is not to be wondered at that they serve their guns wel andahoot true with theirmuskets; they will not, however, stand for a hand-to-hand fight, but fly immediately. Our camp is now about a mile and a half from the walls of Delhi; we have an advanced position about half a mile further on, in tho shape of a large house on the top of a high hill, which comznands the city well; near this house we have three batteries, which play on the city all day and night; for the protection cf these batteries a force, consisting of the Guides and the Sirimoor Battalion, together with three companies cf te 6t Rifles, are stationed naer the batteries .and in the close round about the house. The mutineers on their side have three batteries playing on us all day and night ioe, A very few of these shots come into camp, which is luckily too far Away and partly protected by a hill; but on the house and all round the house where our advanced pOestlon is the round shot, bomb shells, and shrapnel are flying and basting all day and night. Luckily the house Is a splen. didly built puckh (brick) one, and not only affords shelter for all our men, but stands the banging and knocking about in gallant style, so that, although we are Literally under fire all the 24 hours round, still the casualties are very few, considering all things. The mutineers generalUy sally out every afternoon with a couple of gumns and some cavalry,-the greater portion of them, however, being infantry. These gentlemen coma skirmiShing up towards our big house, between which and one part of the city is some very nasty rocky ground, covered with brushwood ; aneaking up behind the rocks and stones these scoundrels come, aud when near the hou se we have to saly out and drive them back; on the afternoon of the 9th, the day we arrived, a very largo body of the villains came out, and we had some very sharp fighting to drive them back. Poor young. Battye was, I am sorry to say, mortally wounded through the stomach, the ball coming out at his back. He lived 24 hours only, and we buried him yesterday morning. A more gallant soldier never lived. Daly, our commandant, was cut through the boot, and a slight scratch made on his instep. I was slightly wounded in two places-one a sword cut across my chia and lower part of my cheek, and the other across my left hip, a little below the bone. Both cuts are doing famously, and healng up quickly. The way I got them was this :-I was sldrmishing along with a number of men, and had helped to poepper the mutineern out of the rocky ground, very nearly down to the city walls, when suddenly a very sharp fire indeed was directed on us from some place in front I rushed on, calling on the men to follow. After running up about 50 yards I suddenly came up with our commandant and a few menhalted in front of a steep ridge of rocks (which formed a splendid breastwork), and over which Daly was unable to scramble, havlng too few man to force the posl. tion, so that my reinforcement wa just what was wanted. Even then we had such a sharp fire onus that it appeared doubtful whether we could scramble up the breastwork in the face of it, as the ridge of rooks sloped down towards the enemy, and was a little perpendicular on our side. Up the slope the enemy came running, delivered their fire, and then back again to load Our poor fellows were not able to deliver a shot and were getting knocked over most crelly. To stay five minutes In that posltion was certain death to us all, so DSay and I drew our swordS and rushed up the rocks witha hurrah; a yell from behind told us ourmen were followingus aa quickly as they could; the brave fellows are no dtay-behinds when their officers are in front of them. A few seconds brought a score of them on the field of action. In the meantlme our commanding offlcer (Daly) and myself were over, and rather astonished to fiad we were quite outnumbered; however, there was no help for it now, except to fight it out. Immediately on jumping over I had the satisfaction of seeing three fellows ooming with a rush at me; the first, a great tall fellow, evidently exdted to delirium almost by bhang, opium, and churnies, raised his sword and made a slashing back-handed out, which, had it taken full effect, mus have rolled my head off However, my usual good luck came to my help, and instead of cutting at my friend I had just time to change the cat into a guard. My good c valrysword stood well,though a deep cut was made in the steel ; however, my guard having been hurriedly made, and my opponent a stronger man than myself, my sword was beatendown and my cheek laid open. After the blow I had my turn, and gave my friend one acros3 the head, which did not cut him down to the shoulder, as Ihai imagined (the skull being a very tough article); at the same moment one of our men bayoneted this fellow, and Daly eut him down too. As I got my cheek 4ot I felt a cut just below my hip. The man who did it was instantly bayoneted, and a mnoment afterwards a third fellow rushed at me-a rather short little scoundrel; he made a vicious cut at my head too, but, being much taller, I easily guarded it, and, as I stepped a little forward after his blow, I had full time to raise myselfR, at and swozd to their full stetch, hyr sword caught kim at the back of the neck and down across the sboulder a foaful gash, and he fell on his face to rise nca! f,kur a dozen bayonets were otuck into Wimn in a moment; at this Instnt niamber of Her KaJeul3s 60t Rifles carn up, and after a little more fiAtinrJ1 h enemy wers all shot down or bayonetted. After &i I fanted from the Proluse bleeding of an arery wlich wa cut in my fce, and remember no more till I uaa picked up and carried bac tocamp, Iwas at onoe patchedup by the doctors, and was so well next day that I manged wiE a little difficulty to go out scrimmaging again; on both these days a good number of the enemy were killed, and our losg wu somewhat severe too. " I have not Another mnoment to spare. Poor Batys'es death has brought exta work on us all, and, as the eneamy are making sorties, sometimes real and sometimes feijned, they keep u3 constantly on the alert, and haras us to a great extent. The ireather is moat providentially and extraordinuily cool for the time of year; it appears almost as it it kept oool for as." THE MUTINY AT AtTRUJNGABAD. The following is from a gentleman at Ahmnednuggur, dated J une 28:- " Some three weeka ago there were serious appre' henaions of a rising and rebellion &t MIhow. It was a central position too, so the Commander.in-Chief fitted out an expedition, to be called ' the Deccan movable Column, and it was desuatched si4 NuggUr. On arrival here some news reached as that the Xlzam's Irregular Cavalry at Aurungabad were in a most unti actory state, ana Cap tai Abbott, commanding there, wrote here for asiance. * . . Thefirst30 milesonthebMhowroadlie within my districts, also on the Aurungabad road, so that as the General had particularly requested that a cvilian should accompany them I was certain to have to do so. On the morning of Thursday week last the General sent for me and said that the troops were to march towards Aurungabad the next morning in consequenoe of a most urgent requisition for aid from Captain Abbott, and he begged me to go out with his Assiant QuArtermaster. General that same evening as far as Emanpore, and choose pitching gound, and make arrangements for supplies, &C. Well, at 4 p.m. out we went, chose pitching ground, dug trenehes for watering cavalry horses, sent for all- the supplies avaUable. The General had told us that he should march next morning at 3 a.m., and at half-past 6 we began to look out for the 'army.' At about 10 up came Captain Mayne of the Hydrabad Contin gent, lately commanding Aurungabad. He hadcometo esoort Mrs, M-and theotb.r ladies from Aurungabad, where it was no longer safe for them to reman. They went on to Nuggar, and we got an expre from the General, saying that fresh orders had arrived, and that the foroe was to march in the old direction to Malagau. So we went in sharp, and MAyne rode with us. He went at once to the General end reprecented very strongly to him that, as he (&ayne) had been connected with the Contingent for 14 years, and had been for six years commanding the very cavalry regiment whilch had mutinied, anad again as he had only just left the scene of the row, he felt himself com. petent to give an opinion on the subject, and most strongly advised that we should march at ones on the plae, smash the mutincers, and strike a decisive blow. . . . . . . The General sent for orders to head-quarters, which arrived In two days, to the effeot that he was to march instanesr on Aurungabad. I went on to Emanpore, in my distrit, and managed to get supplies, and the force camae on in the morning about 7. A fine sight-14th Dragoona first, then the General and his Stafl then 28th Native Infantry, and Captain Woolcombe's battery last, the rear brought up by a pontoon train, somb 20 elephants, and the baggage, extend. ing some two miles in length. We came on to Jobra, and hero my mision ended, as the troops were now out of my dir. trict, and indeed out of the Company's territories altogether, so Iwent to the General for orders. 3Mane hd not arrived, and as no one present knew the road to Aurungabad except myself the General asked me to go on withthem, which I was glad to do, as there wrere worse accounts from Captain Abbott. During the day the General received another expree from Abbott, which made him determine to get on at once by forced marches. We got Into Aurungabad at 10 a.m., and Abbott and his officers came out to meet us. Mayne had joined us just before. It was fortunately a cool morning, or man and horse would never have got through the work cut out for them. Well, Abbott told us that things were in a most unsatlsfactory and critical stato; that since the ladies bad left the officers had lived barn. oaded in the mesaroom, ana that there was reason to fear not only the stanchnesa of the cavalry, but of the In. fantry and artillery also. He said that we were quite u2texpected, and that the best thing would be to march up to the cavalry intrenchments at once and surprise them. The General consented to do so at last. We found some good camping ground for the force on the Nuggur side of the cantonments, and we marched on towards the mati. neers lines (Ist Cavalry pickets). "Two guns and a squadron of the draoons were left to guard the bridge in case of a rising of the Niram's artillry or inantry, and we went on up to the cavalry lines, which we reached at 12. A long line of white tents, with horees picketed in front, ahowed us where they were, and the General galloped over the ground to select a good position. All the officers were of course with their regIuente, so that in the General's staff were only his Aide-de-Camp Macdonald, Deputy-Adjutant-GeneralColey, Mayne, Abbott, and myself. The cavalry bugles were sounded, and men ordered to fall in on foot except their mounted (native) officers. Abbott then rode past them, and ordered the few men who had remained faithful to fall out of the ranks, leaving the mutineers in A body in front of their lines. The guns of Wool. combe's bsttery were then ordered to be loaded with canister, and drawn up within 30 jards, and the General, vith Abbott and the other four of us, rode up to the ranks. Abbott was then ordered to speak to the men, and he did so, asding them their reason for disobeying orders and for mutinying, reminding them that Government never dreamt of attempting to make them change their religion, and of the punishment which awAited them. The mounted officer, a Jemadar, who commanded this troop, and who was ono of the principal insUgators of the affair, here broke out, I It is not good; it is all false !' Abbott drew his pistol, and would have shot him as he stood, for speaking in rank is equivalent to open mutiny; but the Generl turned to him and said, ' Captain Abbott, I desire that yon will not fire on your own men.' So Abbott put up his pistol and went on with his harangue. After another minute the Jemadar broke out agin, ' It is not true; It is all false. Brothers all, prime and fre IJ, Upon this, with a clash, out came all their pistols; and, had they fired, we six mnust have fallen, as we were not five yards from them. My pistol, a revolver, was In my hand in a moment, and as I was next to the Jemadar I feel confident I could have shot him beforehe had time to raise his. Butapanio seized them, and they bolted towards their lines, and we rode back behind the gus. Woolcombe had dismounted, and was pointing a gun at them himself; the porthte was lighted, and one word only was wanted to blow every soul of them to the four winds, and thus strike a decisive and terrible blow, wvhich would never have been forgotten; but the word was not given. The General allowed them to get to their horses, and then, as they stood in a group mounting, some 260 yards off, Woolcombe ran to another gun, armed and pointed it, and, losing his patienoe at not being ordered to fire, sng out, 'May I fire, Sir . Ifany answer was returned, certainly no order was given; and the rascals got to their horses and were up on them and away in a moment. Then came the order to fire juot as they were getting under cover of some build. ings; some 29 shots were fired at them, but without effect, only killing some few horses and a poor Ghorawalla. The dragoons were then ordered to charge, as the mutinecrs had by this time cleared their lines, and were drawn up in a line on a plainxto ourHright, out of shot of theoguns. Forward went the 14th at a gallop, and the men of the lei waited inline till tho ltth were tolerably near them, and then broice up and ceach man turned his horsa head and disperted in everypossible different direction. The dragoona caught and cut down some halt-dozen, and the rest got away. Abbott joined the obhrge, and, his horse being fresh, he mged to get up-with one of the mutinous ollCers who, seemg no chance of escape, put his sword between his teeth, dropped his reins, and held up his hands in token of submisidon and as a sign for quarter. Abbott lowered hisaword, and the brte, as ho passed him, drew his pistol and fired it straigbt at hIs face. A motIon of the horsA saved him, and he drew his pistol and fired two shots at the rufflan, but m ed hbim. He was causht later in the day and hungnext morning before all the troops. After the charge the rest of the native cavalry wero brought out, and those suspected were dlis armed and placed in confinement, to await their trha by drumhesrd court-martial. Towards the evening nearly 70 of those who had escaped were taken or given np, and this reducod the number of thoso who have actually got away to about 55. The Jemadar who had first drawn his pistol ws8 mining altogether, and no tidings could be got of him, though the General was most anxious to secure him. Had the guns opened upon the rascs directly they drew their firearms, not one could have e2caped, and a blow direct and de. cisie would have been truck, &ad the mutiny In all pro. bability quelled in these parts, at all events. All were dis. appointed at the result, and particularly as the General had them so entirely at his mercy." The following letter is from an officer late of the garrison of Delhi :_ IMEERUT, JUE 8. I"It is fearful to think of the atrocities that have been committed. In different ations; as far as we -can teu; 34 regimeutn,eut of 74 have utidied, in many instUaces man dering. n ol&acrs, Other regiments have beqr, pre M.gd 'rlsing by lho presence of European soldier,, or by being dis. armed while ibey hvse been meditating mutiny. Otur troops -moved rapidlyand are bfore DelhL We hlve bad two en. gagements and muly smaller ones, in which we haveeuffared very little los, And hAve killed hundreds of the enemy. Our blood is roused. We have seen friends, relations, mothers, wives, clildren brutally murdered, and their bodies mutilated frightfully. Thie alone, without the plack which made u victorious over the Russians, would enable us, with God's assitanee, to be victorious over these enemies Ars the RUiemen eharge (10 to 100), the word is paused, " RemembEr the ladies, remember the babies !" and everything flies before them. Hundreds are shot down or bayoneted. The Sepoys, it is true, fight like demons, but we are English and they are natives. " The enemy (this is a term Ineeessarily use, though they are not cntitled to so honourable a one) were at a bridge with hevy guns in position and 4,000 strong. One comPany charged the guns and took them. These guns were what the mutineers bad taken from the Delhi magazine. We took on this occasion five heavy pieces, and have since tken 26. The mutineers are desperate, because they are fighting ivii halters round their necks. We are battering away at Delhi, nd troops are ariving fast. Delhi once down the affAir Is crushed. " The regiments have all crowded there, so that we finish off the greatest paxt at once. The more who get there the better; it wil save us a great deal of trouble afterwards. I bave not been fortunate enoughtoget to Delhi, though Ihave I volunteeredonall possible occasions. When thereh asbeen a chance of dangerous or important work the volunteer parties have been countermanded or something has happened to pre. ventit. This place has been slightly fortified. and we have troops resay day and night-pickets always out. I am doing dutY with the Artillery Ditlsion. The iecruita are armei with muskets, and are put on picket duty. We have a portion of the 60th Rifles and 6th Carabineers, also aome volunteers-in all about 1,000 men, officers included. The 'est of the Rifies and Carbineers (Queen's troops) are at Delhi. You will get accounh showing what has been done in greater detil than I can give you. " The Sikhs have proved useful, and we are raising Sikh -giments. The Irregulars have some of tbrm proved stanch. Tihere have been miraculous eacapes, and thoee who have not lost a wife or mother or sister have lost all 'their property, as I did. I left Delhi with a shirt and a pair of trousers, and have nothing else left; bht having escaped with my life, and blessed by knoNing my best friends saved, can I think of what I have lost? Little have I deserved all this, and I hope that I at least fedl gratitude to God. I fear this may not reach youby the next maiL The dawks down country are closed, and we know nothing of what has happened; we conclude favourably, however, as the 84th (Qaeen's) has just come up, we hear, near Delhi, and this looks as if arrangements had ben made. We know that some of the troops have muti. nied, and in one instanee murdered the whole of their officers in cold blood. Who could believe that the men we have fed and been, alaI too kind to could murder their own officers? Horrible have been the atrocities,-women Sud children found dead, and bodies of offioers hardly (and in one instance not) recognizable. Oar batteries are playing on the city and place of Delhi. The sickness inside is awftul; they have their dead and wounded all together, and the stench is frightful, even outside. Two European I deserters were cut down at the guns. One had dyed his face, but he caled for mercy in Engllsh and was in a thousand pieces in a minute. - Martial aw has been declared, and we hang six or so every evening, most of them the butchers who were engaged In the affray and had assisted here In murder and plunder. I rode out this moring to see the bungalows, and found nothing but heaps of brioks and rubbish. Every bungalow here nearly was burnt, and some people lost, I dare say, 6,000 or 10,000 ruPees,-cariagas, horses, furniture, everything gone. The moment the Bepoys here broke out thousands of viLagers swarmed in, and carried off everything. I could write volumes, but horror and disgust stop me. It makes me sick at heart to think of having to trust native regiments again. This is a strange feature in my Indian career. Bitterly have we been taught that if we teach our servants to fight and then go to sleep, they re sure to rebeL We have leant how' India must be ruled at the cost of many livesand the sufferlDgs of poor helpless women and children. By God,s mercy it is no Worse; end our arma have been successfal on every occasion, notwithstanding the numbers are to the Sepoys about one to ten. We have a large foroe at Delhi, andtheDelhi people are dispirited at finding that though they attack us by sorties day and night, still on every occaldon it only decreases their numbers by hundreds. Our troops are as joly as posible, and sach man is mad to have his thrust at these dovils,-and such thrusts I One man the othor day bayoneted .tewo men at once against a WalL He sent a foot of the barrelinto the first man, and bent it llke a Corkscrew. The bayonet is here. Various have been the feats of strength and bravery. One man shot four men out of five who were coming to attack him, and who loaded and fired at him as they advanced; but he was a Rifleman, and had his Maini. The natives caanot understand low their men drop at such an immense distance. They are very fine fellows, the 60th, as Indeed are aU the English soldiers. Ten of our English cavalry disperse 5,000 of the villagers. The feeling in the county is in our favour, and the people relish but little what the Sepoys do, which is plunder and murder. NTturaUy enough, agriculturists have little to gain and everything to lose by such acts."
THE ARMY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A "cry" seems to be raised, just now and I take leave to contend a very unjust one, against gentlemen of fortune idling awsay a few years in the army. Let us inquire what this "idling away" Consists in. I w1il suppose a young man of 800. a-year, or heir to as many thousaads enters a cavalry regiment. Independent of his drills he has while holding a subaltern rank to be up as orderly offlcer for the roll call for raorning stables at 5 a.m., and without any intermission of a longer duration than one hour he may not retire to rest until he has visited all the barrack guards and sentries after half-past 11 p.m. In the winter time especially, if the regiment is much detached, this orderly duty occurs to each subaltern about every fourth day. Besides this every officer has his stable duties of two hours, his field days from four to five hours twice a-week, hi-s houres riding drill twice a-week, with courts-martial, courts of inquiry, orderly room, and settlements of men's accounts. I can sure your readers St. James's or Rottenrow, Pal-mall or the Wragerphamish Club5 are far to be preferred to Sheffield or Bradford, and a yacht at Cowes more to be desired than one at Athlone. All these many of those fine young English gentlemen might enjoy, but they prefer in true Saxon spirit to rough it in comttry quarters than luxuriato in the indolence, vice, and extravagance of our modern Babylon. Can any one find fault with them for so acting 9 Debar the army from gentlemen of wealth and rank, and what would our aristocracy and nation become? They would become a petted, idle, casino danclng, cigar smokdng, club lolling race. The few home truths our nobles and eldest sons ever hear now-a-days Are told them in the army, while I am sure when war was really prooalmed in the East not a man was found absent from his post, nay, some with their 8,0001. or 10,000. locked up in commissons, with 4,0001. or5,0001. a-year at their bankers, I aw myself go off as cheerily to the Crimea as though they were going to the Derby or Ascot llaces. You have never. written a truer sentence than that " the army will never be dangerous to liberty as long as its fficers have associations aud interests anterior and paramount to those which e3oIusivoly belong to their profession." The late Dake of Wellingtort said, *hile alluding to the affairs of 1843,-" The English mob is not less bold than foreign ones, buV--but he might have added, and doubtless would if he had not been the Commander-in-Ohief, the British army is ever to be depended upon. Remember where you draw your army from-from the pits of theatres, the taprooms of gin-palaces, 'she " stews" of large towns. Chartism Di a thing now unknown; but how soon may -e9 revert to it again with slack trade or a bad harvest ? Oar recruits will be imbued with this Chartisn more or less, which will only be dispersed by the tone the offioers give their corps, and which must be the more loyal in proportion to the amount of stake eash ha. in his country. On the centrary, the strietly professional nran will enter the service for a term of years for certain rewards and oertin pensions, which in time of peace become very uncertain, Naturally at not obtaining his expetations the old gentleman becomes " coured," and over many a glass of port wine n mesroom and club he will ex patiate on his misfortunes as thoughhe was the most miserable man alivo; youngstexs willtakeoup his tone, which rill 'ly quickly troon the "mess" to the canteen, and pervade all ranks. Educate the officer. No one but a fool can oppose that qutestion; but never let us have our army officered by purely profensional men, to the exclusion of many a gallant fellow, simply be. cause he has a stake in the wealth of England. Your obedient servant. OLlICRON.
EARiY CLOST{G Fm.-Some of the principal drapern of IslalUgon have placed bills in their windows containing She following announcement:--" The publi- Sze respectfully informedthat, in consequence of the. Crystal Palace Fote for the benefit of the Ealy ClosiDg Associa. lion on Saturday next, this establishment will be closed the whowe of thee day." I CBYST, PALAOE.-0OP3B SHuII,IG DAY, Fridr Aug. 21-Aidmissions on paymlent,, 2~110 ditto by r V Y tickets, 219; tota tze.tor 2A2Qa9 ' aor
THE D A.NUB1A2lj PRI2WIPALITIES. I tn (FROM OUR Ow2r OORSPOxDFr.) BUCHAREST, Auo. 9. My last from Jasy informed you that things.had reached a dangerous crisi in the Principalities. This crisis has not only not abated since then, but, on the contrary, ineased iniolence; indeed, it has asumed so virulent a character that the most fatal consequences are not beyond the reach of possibility. For all this Europe has to thank the over-cleverness, vanity, and bile of half a dozen diplomatitst .of different ranks and degrees. In the Republic of Venice every patrician who was aeen to speak but a single word to the representative of a foreign Power was, according to the laws, liable to be sent to the Piombi. In Stamboul, again, whenever a complication arose with a foreign Power the Ambassador of the latter was sent to the Seven Towers. We may think ourselves above such barbarous proceedings, but I assure you every one who has the peace of the world at heart must often regret that, at least in these out-of-the-way places,, some such check to diplomacy no longer exists. DiplomatiBts nearer home are comparatively harmless beings, bat here, -where the Governments depend entirely on them for any information, the latter are often foreed to espouse the personal quarrels of these gentlemen, and they have to spend money and blcod for the satisfaction of their wounded vanity. With the famous Persian war still fresh in our memory, England above all ought to be anxious to put an end to a new complication, which, if not taken out of the hands of thome who have broulght it about, may become incurable. The last complication which I expliied to your readers was the protest of the four Powers, France, Russia, Prussia, and Sardinia, through their commissioners, against the Divan lately elected in Moldavia. A mysterious circumstance is connected with it which shows how little is required to raise difficulties, provided there be sufficient ill-will to take advantage of it. When the time fixed for the elections approached, without Redschid Paha's Government show'ing any SignS of yielding to the continued representation3 of the four Powers to postpone the elections, a last step was tried, and the Turkish Government was threatened that in case the elections took place the four Powers would protest, and have nothing to with the Divan which would be the result of those elections. In the face of this threat the Turkish Ministry asembled in full council, and came to the resolution to accede to the wMsh of the four Powers to postpone the elections and to revise the electoral lists, applying all the explanations and modifications made by the Commission in Wallachia to Moldavia likewise. The British and Austrian Ambassadors at Constantinople, who had all along upheld the Turkish view of this matter, protested against the postponement of the elections, taking upon themselves all the consequences which might result from such a step. The Turkish Government, being thus between two fires, tried a compromise, proposing a delay, within which a conference between the representatives of the quarrelling Powers should decida the disputed point. The thing wastelegraphed to their respective Governments, and they all declared themselves satisfied with this arrangement; and now comes the mysterious point. When it camae to an explanation about the delay accorded it was found that the four Powers who were for the revisal of the electoral lists had received messages to the effect that a delay of 15 dayd was agreed upon, while the others had been informed that a delay of only eight days had been aecorded. That there was bad faith somewhere is certain, for the difEerence in the messages was too systematic to te attributed to the telegraph, especially as all these messages are sent in cipher. Who is to be blamed for this mean and stupid act of bad faith I cannot tell, but it is a misfortune, nay a dis- grace, for the whole of Europe that such an act of villany can take place among those who are intrusted with the weal and woe of nations. When this difference in the interpretation of the delay which had been agreed upon became apparent both sides maintained their own views, and all further understand ing became impossible. The representatives of the four Powers would not come to the conference unless the 15 days' delay was kept. The other party would not give in, and when the eight days had passed tho elections in Moldavia began, and finished in the way you know. The elections were scarcely over when the Commissioners of the four Powers received orders from their Governments to protest against the newlyelected Divan as null. The British Commissioner, who all along has tried to conciliate the two extreme parties, proposed in vain another compromise; it was too late, and the protest was made. The Austrian Commissioner, on the other side, protested against this protest. Thus, with their protests and counter-protests, the Commission is for the time being suspended, awaiting the decision of their Governments. But this arni3tiee extends only to the Principalities; in Constantinople the war of diplomacy is raging more violently than ever. While the four Commissioners here entered their protests against the Divan in Moldavia, their Ambassadors and Ministers in Constantinople did the same, adding that they would depart if the Turkish Government did not annul the elections. Redschid Pasha, driven thus to extremes, resigned, and Mustapha Pasha, considered as favourable to French interests, took his place as Grand Vizier. But this concesion was more apparent than real, for not only did Redachid Pasha remain in the Cabinet as President of the Council of the Tanzimat,but Aali Pasha, the most open adversary of the union of the two Principalities, was named Minister of Foreign Affairs. This happened on the first of this montb. Since -that time things have remained in the same critical state, the representatives of the four Powers who have protested threatening to take their departure if the elections are not annulled, and every moment the final result of Whis struggle is expected here. Thus, while in Europe you have considered the Eastern question buried for at lemt the next 20 years, you see it here revived under even more threatening auspices. I have often had to attack diplomacy in the East. It is a mockery to send a parcel of gentlemen several hundreds or thousands of miles from home, nominally to protect the interests of the countries which they represent, but in reality to embroil their affairs,merely to satisfy an inordinate vanity, which devours every one of them. None of the questions which arise are ever regarded on their own merits, but only as a new battlefield for the glorification of these gentlemen. They fnd means to complicate the simplest thing, and invent difficulties where none exist. Everything is turned into a personal affair, and all the jealousy and acute sef-love of the individual brouo'ht there on matters of public interest. The, Woverninents at home thus receive instead of impartial reportt, the strongly biassedi representations of their agents, and are thus drawn, unwittingly, into difficultieSs which might have been avoided wmith a little care. The present complication is of this kind, and it is high time that the Governments should take it into their own hands. The question, if looked upon impartially, and not through the vanity of jealous Ambascadolr and Ministers, seems simple enough. A firman has been issued by the -Porte, in connexion with the six Powers who signed the Trety of Paris, ordering the convocation of a Divan in each of the two Danubian provincee. The firman is identical in its wording for both; inieed, in the official communication made of thiadocunent to the representatives of these Powen , the finnan is addressed to the Kaimakan of Wallashia, and at the end of it it is expresly stakia that au ientimal firman is to be addressed to the Kainaan of Mol'davia. In the appeication of this ira n in Wal- lchia it is found that a namber . of ints are left doubtful, and the Kaimakau ei Wallachia, sup, ported by the Commissioners, applies to the authons of the firman at Constamtinopk for explanation. A Conference meets, and decidesthat the Commisshmers ahould explainr the iDaobtful points, and send their explanation to the 'Kaimakan of Moldavia. Thin latter rejects the6r explanations as unnecessary, and applies hia own interpretation, according to which the ru'.nber of electors is diminisheda, and persons left out of the liat who, iE the interpretation of the Ce,rission had been followed, would have had the right of voting. The question now arises, is the order of the Conference to communicate the exr ianations made by the Commissioners to theKain- akan of Moldavia to be considered as binding for the latter, or not ? All the Commissoners undera stood it in that sense, so did the repre-entatives of Ftlnce, Russia, Prussia, a nd Sardinia at {Ionstanticople. The Turkish Governm eat and the British and Austrian Ambassadors, on the other haud, main- the information of the o'aiM*kn, in cue he 4hbl h&ve doubts. _ IJeAethis question to the good sen&e of- EngliMi people to decide, whether a docun.Lent glTfn in the same words for two countries, for tht M&ae purpose, and at the saume momentI;is to be expLai.ned in both in the same way. or not; and surely the Gurenaent ought tof find no difculty in deciding it in aievr words. With Ambassadors common eense hUs n weight. Having once said that they understo .it in one particular sense, they would think they com:. promised their dignity if they yielded one step, and they don't care if the result of their obstinac is anabsurdity. ' The other question is even -simpler than thix. A number of petitions have come ftot6 Moldavia complaining that the local Governmeit 'there hai tampered with the election list,* nd hat thus;illegal-. ized the Divan, whichwillnolonger be s4i expremioD of the opinion of the oountry. Four.of the (qom musioners are convinced by these co la in the proofs accompanying them that suc`s~h4`- really the case. Their Am bsssadom at isthip!S share this conviction, and their Governmenta kdoot-; ing their views, protest against the Divan as sllhly4 elected. The other three Commissioners are pot poou vinced that such a falsification has taken pl&ew,and, thei diews are shared by their Governments, W can common sense dictate in su9h a case 'no ri6t inqiry on the spot to ascertain hich' isthe rhe view of the two ? Instea4 of this, ith th' exephoa of the British Qommissioner, both partisstick t& their views, each party refusing. the inqnir, -wbiqh *ere they sijoere in their assertions, hemy. pugh most to desire for their own cause.n Children are whipped for senseles obsinp. ffft course that could not be-very well done With1olenuX diplomati3ts,. even should they be :m6re childiibr ihan children; but at any rate Goverpmentx ough;t rot to disregard the lais of justioe and fairness. Tha Emperor Napoleon is at this moment on a visit in. England; this circumstance alone was AlrMdI sftffi-' cient to retard extreme measures. The Ministers ofthe four protesting Powers at Oonstantinople ifllave indeed interrupted their relations with, the Porte, but they are wraiting for further orders- bfore thej, will take, if at all, their departure from there. Th. question at issue is thus removed from Cottataife nople to England. The Ambassadors hav, hidt happily, their last word. ' '
BATTLB O FIUEKNTES DYO,VoRO. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,- Captain Brialmont's notioe of my protest about the: Light Division aquareo at Fuentes Onoro oompels as to. give a positive contradiction. He hag been misled, *mon o,thers, by IL Thiers, whose historioal faifications asuo tth British troops in the Peninsular war require no other notioet than that they are contemptible falsifications; they refut'e themselves. C Captain Brialnont is apparently a historian of fair inteul. tions, but he is grievotnly in error here. I did not say the Light Division squares were the only squares presented to the French cavalry, but that they were, the only squares preseuted by the Light Division, the di.' tinction being made because the rifle battalions of the di&i. sion were employed skirmishing in the wood if Pozos' Velho. r Fournier's charge was clever, but not made against the. ieght Division; it was against some of the Guadz under Colonel Hill, who had stupidly extended, instead of eoncentrating, his men before the French cavalry. The official States of the Adjutant-General sare the coloitel antd: 14 men as prisoners, and from those States rmy numbems were taken. As to three regiments of Guardbeing sabred,: the Guards may answer that ridiculous nonsense a I do the, equally ridiculous nonsen.e about the ijgh} Division. The question between IL trialmout an, mywlt ii thIs,Were any Light Division squares broken? He, on theauthority of others, says that two were. I, as an eye.- witness, assert thst they were not even charged I The worlt will deire testimony. Captain Brialmont has givenh,and; very poor it Is. He acknowledges that one authority asserts; that General Craufurd gave up hit sword. Yet Oranfard. wan never a prisoner, and, in fact, did not asume the oom-' mand of the division unti after it had retired to the new: position and resumed Its formation of columns. " It was' Colonel Hill," says another authority; but Colonel Hill was' of the Guards-not the Light Diision I On my part I offer the written testimony of the following officers, testimony now lying before me ;-General Sir. George Brown, G.C.B.; Lieutenant-Generals Sir Thomas Brotherton, K.C.B., Sir F. Love, E.C.B., Sir Edward' Cust, KELH; Lieutenant-Colonels J. Cooke and DI>ndas; Major J. P. Hopkins; Charles Sawyer, of Heywood-lodg%Esq., formerly in the Cavalry; finally, Sir John Yincaid,i whose letter you have already published. All these letters. ae ready for publication if you can and wiU give theaL, spce ; but, as some contain private matter also, I could much wish that they would write short statements for your' journal, declaring suoclnctly whether my version is oorrect. To enable them and others to do so I again swert that no, Light Division square was broken at the battle of Fuente" Onoro; that no Light Division was even charged. I will gov further. No British or Portuguese square was broken by & charge that dayl Two corrections to my first letter must here be madeGeneral Love tells me that to say no French horeman. approached the Light Division square is au error, beauee colonel-L%motte-and some Dngoons being capure by, our cavalry, were escorted to the rear, past our *quae.. ColonelDandas teUs me theChasseurs Britanniques were not, charged-the French cavalry passed their line without charrin Lad received their firA in dnina w Aug. 2L w. NAPLER, LieuteuhuvcsGwer&l L TO LIEUTENAlqT-GENERAL SIR W. NAPIER. Sir,-Having seen your letter in Th Timas of the 11th inst. on the assertion of Captain Brialmont, I feel bound, ae an eyewitness, to answer your call and to corroborte your statement, and at the same time to deny most emphatically the assertion of Captain Brialmont. I have not had the pleasure of reading your History of tAr War, but I had the honour of serving in the Light Division all through the campaign, from Vimiera to Waterloo for which I received the war nedal with 23 clasps and the Waterloo medaL, I well remember on the day in question, at Faentes. d'Onoro, our cavalry retiring through the intervAls of the, three squares of the Light Division, and immediately on. their being clear of the squar and our being seen by the enemy's cavalry, they halted and reined up, not admiring. the proepect before them, and we retired slowly in order across the plain to the poetion asigned us, but no charge. No, no, Sir ! the acquaintanee of the French cavalry and the: Light Division had been made before that day, and they well knew the material they had to deal with. So little were we molested by them on that day that I believe we did not leave a man behind, either killed, wounded, or taken prisoner. So much for ite captain's vaunted chrge r Not so the fi rat day's march after the memorable battl& of Salamsnca, when I saw a squr of the French infantry: completely broken by our heavy dragoons after a eeverer struggle; and I beliove not a man escaped being either Illed, wounded, or taken prisoer. So gret was the number of prioners taken that they filled a charoe in a neighbouning village. I am, Sir, your obedlent, humble servant. THOS. GORDLD. uiLeseer. 6oergexa, kte b2a light Irfaaitry.
ROYAL ARTJLLZRY IN INDIA. TO THE EHTQEOR OF TE TIMES. Sir,-S[r FRedeick Smitii reported to have remarke& In lasmight' debi.t thattheRoqyl altllery arelnow gOiDlg; to Isiia fer the firat,time, a t.ement previously made by .helai ot lenborough ,isthe Rouseo t Lords, and whicl dese"a oorrietion. It is entirely wrontous, *s ell &i inooWAT wiA ththe wrellsarne&mmotto ," Ubi2ee" of khat -vThe UaI: ArtiVery is not mow aboun to serve iiL ridtft the firxt t1me. If served S wbeween 17SO ds 1786. A: fl dofflioer sa two ,eomnme .embarke& for th.t shtion In 1791, sad aerve tihe until 17K or 19' . hM l now -before me three wdi. eaeemt axnr tint drrinip by h4ehtenant Ja; me HIunterw iW s axAaws frou the lcal Artillery oncpment at Conjeversm, Condibwe, and robablyltkei during tie la-nmed perio& Ag4pn, fear very similar oealoex tot'he -ush py olia. wkicU izotabs the hRoyA. Artillery sgaiA i>huiW,th&xutiniat VaRox, twro tonpwiLm lrerw sent toXAa fem Ceylon, saal sermtd in that presidency untDIM' Tha! dstinguiahei ofticer, jor-.Generl *A Wlliam Colobrek, .A., is kappily til Iing to tiy that aither th men nor tM mn4Wv of ha RYSA,rtillery vre found on tikt occasou em suitd to, th cUmate ad, servie of India than they hAee beea fw ny other servieo to which the country has edled them r tv2 na }nour to be, Sir. 'sour oNP&Adiemnt U&V. A FJIEWI OFZIQERZ, ILA. Junior uniEwa beric tAUD. AUl ZL TnE RG )om HooLs oP SoWmlwiX. - Yeiterday morninj 800 chLldren b6loDgingI to the ed aloola of St. -eorIs-the-artyr, Bthwa*k accompanied by the Rev. ,W Cadmasz, K. A., rector; the Rev. Mesars, Boecher, B A., linoolik, B.A gad Wallace, B.A, several geatlenien., eomcutr 'with the London City Mihsion, atd the te cber*, 'pk""ee;ed in two steamers frorQ the city pier, London-bridge, to EritbI snd thence walked to the- spleupd4d4 .Pfkot C uling Eardley BErdley, who, -with the greateat lndnes, lient ]l-i spacious lawn for the recreation of the thilderb, *l6o were regaiEd with a sinbsttiat Ainner and a bod tea, with sa abuntnca of cake in the interim. The yowig folks amused themselves at jarions games, and retarned by the same conveyance early in the eveniog, hbly delishtid
SECOND EDITION. I HB TIM-S-OFFEIC, Saturday Mor*ing. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following i3 the letter of our Paris correpondent, dated yesterday (Friday), 6 p.m,:_ A trial, curiously illustrative of French military rule in Algeria, and which will certainly take its place among the causes cAl&bres of the 19th centw.y, is now proceeding before the Court of Aizes of Oran. At 3 in the morning of the 12th of last September a diligence left Tlemcen for Oran. In the coupg went the Aga Ben Abdallah, chief of a tribe, a man of weight in the province, and in whom General Montauban, commanding there, seems to have reposed conside. rable confidence. With him was his secretary. Several persons were in the interior, among them a M. Yalette, a Doctor Lenepveu, a Spanish lady described as the widow Ximenes, otherwise Petra Camara, and a soldier of the corps of Engineers. Soon after quitting the town the conductor observed two horsemen following the vehicle. A little further on others appeared, as well as some men on foot, and just then shots were fired. The conductor took it for a fanta3ia, performed, according to Arab fashion, in honour of the Aga. The postillion thought differently, for he had heard the whistle of a bullet, and preseLtly it became evident that an attack was intended. The horses were put to speed, but were soon out3tripped by three or four Arabs, who stopped the diligence. A scene of co'dfusion and bloodshed then enmued. Arabs presented them-. selves at the doors of the coach; a shot, fired so near that the wadding burnt the hair of the Spanish lady, mortaUy wounded M4. Valette. The doctor, the lady, and the engineer soldier fledto the village of Negrier, where they obtained assistance, and returned to the diligence. In the coupg they found the dead body of the Aga Ben Abdallah; his secretary lay wounded beside him, and died the next day. The assassins had disappeared. This audacious crime spread consternation throughout the province. General Beaufort, commsanding the sub-division of Tlemcen, iramediately reported it to his chief, General Montauban, commauding the province of Oran. The latter sunimoned to his presence Captain Doineau, chief of the Arab bureau of Tlemnoen, an officer of high ch'aracter and great intelligence, who had frequently shown himself extremely prompt and skilful in discovering malefactors, but who on this occasion appeared totaly at faulu. The Captain said that he suspected the tribe of the Beni Nar; the General was of a different opinion, and thought that the assassins were to be sought in Tlemeen. The widow of Ben AbdaUah, breaking through the reserve of the harem, had rushed into the street and loudly accused the Aga Bel Hadj. This man's guilt appeared impossible, for he was reported very iii in bed; but a physician's visit proved his sickness to be a sham. He then fled to Morocco, but was afterwards induced to return. Finally, after nearly a month had elapsed, and by the exertions of the civil authorities, 18 persons were arrested, charged with the murder. At the head of these figured Captain Doineau: the remainder were Arabs, by whose testimony he was inculpated. The principal of these (some were mere servants, acting by order of their masters,) declared that Doineau had assembled them, and had bound them by an oath to take the life of the Aga and to preserve profound secresy. Among them is the Cadi Ben Ayad, the judge of his tribe, a man of a great tent,' according to Algerian phrase-in other words, of importanceand distinguished family. His functions have almost a religious character, he was a mnfti before he was judge. Attired in a costly blue mantle worn over a burnous of the finest cashmere, he appears before the Court and deposes, with great energy and indignation, that, on his hesitating to administer an oath binding to the commission of a crime, Doineau brutally struck him, and that he yielded to the ascendancy of his violent character, for that nobody could resist him. Be1 HJadj, the Aga, officer of the Legion of Honour, and who has been for nine years in the French service, gives testimony so conflicting as to be worthless. In the instruction of the case bis deposition implicated Doinean; brought before the tribunal he implores instant death, and declares that he knows not what he said on his previous examination. The next day he avows his owrn crime, saying that he had not himself taken part in the murder, but had sent three of his horsemen, and his evidence is most unfavourable to Doineai. But later in that day's audience, a dramatic incident occurs. The Kodja Si-Mohammed, secretary to Captain Doineau for a long time past, deposes against his master, declaring that he had accompanied the murderers, and had commanded the onslaught in a loud voice-that afterwards he had directed his accomplices to disperse, and had himself returned to Tlemcen, attended by the Rodja, to whom he had said, " We will presently get on horseback, and pretend to seek the traces of the assailants." Hereupon Captain Doineau interrupted the witness, and energetically protested against his evidence " Let Bel Hadj be again exansinod," he cried. " It is impossible that that man, whom I have never injured, and whose good services to France have won him the rank of Aga and the decorationi of officer of the Legion of Honour, should not return to the truth." Bel Hadj is again called up, and is asked if Doineau ordered or proposed to him to kill Ben Abdal!ah. Thus interrogated, he turns to the Kodja, and, pressing his hands on his breast, and in a voice of remarkable sweetness, he says to him, II Now that we are in the face of death, should we accuse the Captain ?" This implied retractation of the damning evidence he had given produces an indescribable effect in the court. But Bel Hadj is not to be relied upon; that day he explicitly excalpates Doineau, on a subsequent one he again accuses him, and so this singular trial proceeds, the Arab criminals deposing against their presumed French accomplice and chief. The supposed motives of Doineau for plotting the death of BenAbdallah are jealousy of his influence, and certain disagreements that had arisen between them, particularly with re spect toa large number of camels tha' had been seized from some Morocco traders, who had infringed the Oustom-house laws. On these, however, as on many other points, the evidence is confliting. The possession by Doineau of a considerable sum of money, for the origin of which he refuses satisfactorily to account, is a point that evidently tells against him in the eyes of the Court, and leads to a suspicion that it was to conceal peculations that he desired to get rid of the Aga. On the other hand, his superiors give the strongest testimony in his favour; his "at de sertice, and the notes appended to it by General Beaufort, form a series of the highest eulogiums, as regards inteligence, capacity, morality, and associates-such a character, in short, as any officer might be proud of. There is no stain on his military career, and he is well placed on the list of captains recommended for promotion. A singular fact transpired in the course of the examination of writnesses. Si-Mohammed deposed that Captain Doineau had shot various Arabs without form of trial, and he cited several cases. The Caid of the Beni-Hassels had come unarmed to ask to see the General; he had been seized and shot. One Mouffock had been taken and brought before the Captain; he had been led outside the walls of Tlemcen into military territory, and had been decapitated. Several other executions were deposed, to. The Captain did not deny them; he had his authority. " I do not discuss," he said, " the orders of my chiefs." General Be4ufor4, af_teerwards examined, and who gave his evidene in a manly, etraightforward manner, declavrv4 th#t txose orders emanated from him. The person wo suffred wore notorious evil-doers; somo of themn common robbers taken with arms in thoir hands. The proceedings of the last day, of which a report has not yetreached Paris, include the exramination of Generals Montauban and Beaufort, both of whom, it ishere positivelyaffirmed,willbesuperseded in their commaads as oon as the trial is over. Whatever the result to the principal person accused, the investigation has revealed a lax state of things, of which the Govermuent can hardly avoid taking notice The examnination of General Montauban, and the sort of conversation it involved between him and Doineau, were very striking. The prisoner evidently desired to make it appear that the General had been unduly putting money into his pocket. He questioned him concerning confiscations he had made and respecting fines whieh had been levied and not accounted for. And, towards the close of Montauban's exanmination, he addressed to him the following startling Interrogatory :-" Did not the General get Major Chauzy to bring a pair of pistols to me in prlson?" "Never," replied the General. "Major Chauzy," said Doineau, "will speak of this fact." It is scarcely possible to give in short compass a clear idea of all the complications of this trial, which has lasted a week, and is not yet at an end. The voluminous reports of the proceedings record many striking incidents, as, for instance, in the audience of the 11th inst., when that great prevaricator and accomplished actor, the Aga Bel Hadj, quits his place, approaches the two Generals, kisse3 their hands, and while his whole peson and attitude express the profoundest submnisson and despair, says to General Montaubau, " I am weary of all this; take thysword and pass it through mybody." Itis difflcilttothinkthatCapt. Doineauwillbecondemned on the evidence of men who admit that they shared in the murder, and some of whom contradict each other, while those who concur in accusing him differ in many points of testimony. Portions of the evidence already given point to administrative abuses concerning which mere, perhaps, will be revealed be. fore the trial ends. You were recently informed that the notorious General d'Orgoni had passed through Marseilles on his return to India. This morning's post brought me a letter from Mbarseilles, stating that the General, during his stay in that oity, had spread the most sinister reports respecting Indian affairs. He confidently predicts the total downfall of British power in India. His account of the project for wresting Calcutta from the English is so full as to warrant the supposition that he was himself connected with the atrocious plot by which so many Enropean lives were to have been sacrificed. My correspondent's impression is that he is bent on mischief and that he is not unlikely, if he can escape English vigilance, to offer himself as a leader to the rebels or to try to instigate revolts among the faithfal portion of the Sepoys. He declared, while at Marseilles, that he would never rest so long as there was a possibility of doing harm to England. News is said to have arrived from the Island of Madagascar to the effect that the Queen had recommended the persecution of the Europeans. The French Governor of the Island of Bourbon and the English Governor of the Mauritiius had addressed communications on the subject to their respective Governments. Several foreign journals have announced as posi. tive a meeting at the ('amp of ChOlons-sur-Saone between theEmperors of France andRussia. Nothing is yet decided on the sabject, and the manceuvres appointed to take place this year at Chalons wil not be of sufficient magnitude or importance to induce [the Emperor of Russia to be present at them. It has been already mentioned that the assemblage of troops at ChAlons will be limited to regiments of the Imperial Guard, which it is said that General Canrobert will command. A maritime conference of various European Powers is about to be held at Paris, to consider the subject of collisions at sea, which of late have been so 'numerous, and to adopt measures for their future prevention. A telegraphic despatch, of the 16th, from Constantinople, announces that a secretary of the Sultan had left that capital, bearing an autograph letter from his master to the Emperor of the French. Ever since the torrent of rain that descended upon us on Sunday last the weather has been steadily improving,, until it has become quite flne suad rather hot. Paris is emptier than ever, and the influence of the vacation is very apparent in the public offices. Several of the Ministers have left Paris for the sea-side or mineral bathL Count Walewski is at his country house at, Soisy, where he will remain, it is expected, during the whole time of the Emperor's absence. It is confidently stated that General Cavaignac will resign his seat as deputy in favour of M. Desmarets, the distinguished Advocate, whose remarkable speech in defence of Tibaldi attracted so much attention. Letters of the 11th, from Athens, say that the news of the difference of opinion between the Powers with respect to the Moldavian elections had caused a great sensation there, and that letters, from Messrs. Boutenieff and Thouvenel had been received in that capital. The King's Camarilla had at once turned, in conciliating mood, towards General Kalergis, and were ready to concede much, and to smooth the way to a reconciliation with His Majesty, with the view of usefullyemployingtheGenerar'sgood offices with the French Government. The news of the Osborne conference, and of the settlement of the question in dispute, may, perhaps, have again a little cooled their friendly ardour. A private despatch, of the 20th instant, from Trieste, says, however, that there seems to be no longer any obstacle to the nomination of General Kalergis as Greek Ambassador to Paris, and that he had had an audience of King Otho. The following remarks on the state of affairs in India are from the ,TournaZ des Diba&,f- "The greatet exasperation against the rebels reigns in the English camp before Delhi, but it is kept under by General Barnard. The wise prndence of this officer, who holds in his hands the desinies of British India, canno' be blameL A check sushaned by him before the walls of Delhi would be attended with incalculable coosequences; and, in spite of the impatience created by theinevitab1e length of the operations, it Is the force of events and not the General that mYast be acoused. The positlon of the British has not grown worse. The fidelity of many native rulers has not been shaken. Although some of their regiments have joined the insurgents, others have bravely fouzht for the English cause. We may mention in particular the fiying column commanded by General Van Cortlandt,composed exClusively of irregulars or of native contingents, who de. feated the insurgents in two sanguinary encounters. The English have, moreover, completed their organization, and are beginning to experience the blessings of reinforcements. The state of the army commanded by General Barnard is partly favourable, partly unfavouabla On the one hand, the seasonof great heat whicheruelly tried the troops has passed, but then the rainy season 3s about to commence. The rain will serionsly obstruct the siege operations, and it will produce fever and cholera among the troops encamped on a marshy soiL This is perhaps the most dangerous enemy opposed to the English but the latter give no signa of discouragement. Everything proves that the English authorities, after the first moment [of surprise, have commenced assuming the offensive. This is the most important feature of the lateas news, audit would be unjust no' to acknowledge that a sensible im. provement has taken place in the prospects of the Company." Despatches received here from Teheran to the 5th July contain ggmg doWiI Wt 1iitlerto pub- lished. 'WheA the Indlan mutiny bouase known In Persia, several ulema3 pseached in favour of the Ia- in*s, and the propaganda would have assumed a kerious oharacter had it not been for the energy di%played by the Government to arrest its pro. gress. At the lateat date the country was tranquil, and the new Minister of War was ro organizing the army. The Court had quittel Teheran for Etbrouz, where it encamps every year during the hot weather. The Shah was determined to honourably execute the treaty of peace, and the beat understanding existed between him and Mr. Murray, the British Minister, whoae health would force him shortly to quit the country. Eierat was to be evacuated by the Persian troops. This would bave been done sooner had it not been for a civil war that was raging among the principal tribes of Affghanistan, of which each one pretends to the possession of that important fortres. It wax known at Teheran that the British troops were about to quit the Persian Gulf. A letter from Toulon of the 18th inst. informs us that a small Russian squadron is shortly expected in that port. It is composed of the corvettes Zoubre, Ryss, and Ondaff, under the command of Commodore Libatcheff. On the occasion of the Emperox's Pite 25 convicta sentenced to labour at the galeys in Toulon received their pardon. The receipts of the Paris and Orleans Railway Company for the week ending the 12th August, amiount to 1,077,303f. 64c., being an increase of 775f. 9c. as compared with the corresponding week of last year. The receipts from the 1st of January to the 12th August amount to 35,099,732f. 26c., being an increase of 5,843,549f. 15c., as compared with the corresponding period of the year 1856. Tho Three per Cents closed to-day at 67f. 5c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 50c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,448f. 75c.; Great Northam 877f. 50c.; Stirs. burg, 690f.; New Shares, 672f. 50c.; Pris to Lyoxn and the Mediterranean, 877f. 50c. ; Western of France, .725f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 655f.; Great Central of France, 615f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 675f ; Bank of Cridit Mobllier, 965f. ; Austrian Railways, 668f. 756.; Roman Railways, 505f.; Russian Railways, 516f. Cours Audantiqu&- PAis, Augus 21.-Cash Prces.- Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents. (not reiborsable for 10 years), 93f. 275.; Three per Cents, 67. 67f 5s. - Bankc of France, 2,790f. 2,780f. 2,775f; ditto (275f. pld), 2,7300. 2,780f. 2,775f.; Or6.it Fonder, Obligations of 500W., Four per Cents., 430f. 47f. 50c.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 87f. 50c.; ditto, Three per Cents., 80f.; Prom. Obligatlons of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Cr6dit Moblier, 962f. 50,.; Discount Bank, 675f. 672f. 50c. ; Piedmonteae Five per Cents., 891. 25c.; ditto, Three per Cents, 54t.; strian Five per Cent, 894; Beln Three per Conts., 57!.; Romans, 8Bi I Spanish, Dlffer. ConvexL, 2'5; ditto, Three per Cent. xter, 40;* ditto, Tbree per Cent. Interleur, 374. Exchange onL London, at sigh'. parer, 2;f20o.;mouey,25f. 20c,;threemontls, paper,24!. S2Ac; ITALY. Letters from Chanbery state that great preparations are being made there for the reception of K:ing Victor-Emmanuel on the 1st of September, when he is to lay the first stone of the bridge near Culoz, destined to unite the Sardinian and French railways. It was believed at Chambery that Prince Napoleon would attend on the part of France. In consequence of the refusal of Marquis Pallavicini to accept the office of Syndic of Genoa, the Government appointed Advocate Morro, who was accordingly sworn in on the 18th. Accounts from Rome of the 16th inst. inform Us that the Emperor Louis Napoleonsa fete was cole. brated with great pomp in that city. The French troops were reviewed by General de Goyon, and defiled with cries of " Vive 'Bmp6reur !"' A solemn mass in music, followed by a Te Deum, was celebrated in the Frenoh church of St. Louis. In the afternoon the establishments occupied bythe Freneh were brilliantly illuminated. General Count de Goyon gave a splendid ball at which lthe entire Corps Diplomatlque attended. TUNIS. A letter from Tauis of the 11th, in the Smqphore of Marseilles, furnishes detailz respecting the late troubles at the former place. It saya:- "On Sunday last a dispute arose between a Jewv and a Moor, which ended in their coming to blows, A younger brother of the Jew came to his assistance, and several Moors ran to help their countryman. The Jews were beaten anad forced to take refuge in the Bourse, where some Europeans were walking about. The latter were assailed by the mob, and about 50 persons more or less seriously wounded. The mob thenr broke everything they found at the Bourse, and oarried away a sum of 1,500f belonging to the director. Meanwhile, the Europeans shu; themselves up in their houses, and every moment expectei to be attacked; but after two hours delay troops arrived and the Moors were dispersed. It is said that several arrest3 have been made in consequence of the representations of the French Consul. The Bey Is endeavouring to obtain, by means of his treasurer, A wealthy and influential Jew, a declaration signed by the Jewe of the place, as to the good will always displayed by the Governraent towards that race. Bat this project, it is thought, will scarcely meet with suec cess. Meanwhile Taunis is ia a state of great excitement as far as the Christian population Is concerned."
AMERICA. (BY ELEIT'RIO TELEGRAPH.) SOUTHIAIPPON, SATUEtDAY MOMLITG. The European and American Company's steamer Indiana, Captain Baker, has arrived, with 150 passengers and a full cargo. She left New York on the 5th, and her advice s have consequently been anticipated. The Indiana had strong headwinds the greater part of the voyage. She spoke the ships Phceuix, Albatross, William and Anna, Gyran Castle, Coronella, Cumberland, and McDonald. AUSTRALIA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGGRAPH.) LTVERPOOI, SATUEDAY XofNiG. The Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company's auxilary screw steam-ship Great Britain, Gray, commander, which left Melbourne on the 21st of May, is off the port. She has brought lOi,647 ounces of gold on freight.
THE MEDITERRANEAr.W (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPI) SOUTHAMPTON, SATuRDAY MORNING. The Peninsular andAOriental Company's steamship Indus, Captain Evans, has arrived with the heavy portion of the India and China mails. She left Alexandria August 7th; Malta, 11th; mnd Gibraltar, 16th. She brings 120 passengers, 1,438 bales silk, 17 barrels gum, 1 package pearls, 23 packages elephants' teeth, 6 packages tobacco, and 260 packages sundries. The steamer that left Malta on the 6th inst., with .the 48th Regiment, consisting of upwards of [1,000 men, women, and children, did not arrive at Gibraltar until about 3 p.m. on the 16th, and was then seen in tow of a line-of-battle ship, name not made out, as the ludus was leaving the harbour. Lord Lyons' squadron at Malaga, watering, was expected at Gibraltar on the 17th. Her Majesty's ships Tartarus, Desperate, and Caradoc were at Alexandria, the Hibernia and Centaur at Malta, and the Vulture and Ariel at Gibmaltar. The Peninsular and Oriental steamer Euxine arrived at Gibraltar on the 13th, in 5 dayi 7 l.our frota- Soquhapton,. calling &t the intermediate ports. She cleared on the I5th on her return , voyage.
ELEORIO TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR OWN COMERSPONDERN. Irma S.S.E. L17ERP004 SATURDA.Y fOsNWO. Arived.-QLeeu, from Rio de lI Hache; Cluny, from HondurAs; Z&bik, from Newfoundlaud. . ld varable. QUEENSSTOWN, AUG. 20. Arrived.-Mary Anne, from Christlania, for Dublin; Frday, from Memel; Caroline, from Cronshdt. KINGSTOWN, AUG. 21. Arived.-Ganges, from MiramlchL. (BY 9UB3rARMZ AD BPSEU TER%(Pa .) GRAVESEND, SATURDAY? 9.30 A.M. Wind E.; low water; cloudy. Arrived, Augut 21.-IsabeUa%, from Cronutadt; Arethusa from Memel; Luoernes, from Cronstadt; Ann Jewett, from Rotterdam. Arrived, August 22.-Aurora, steamer, from Bremen. Sailed.-Oity of Quebec, for Montreal. DEAL, SATVnDAY, 9 A.m Wind E. by N., moderate; weather fine. Passed, 21st.-Sootla, for Halilfax; Dorom, for Cape of Good Hope; Thali*, for Triesto; 1. and C. Josh, for St. John's, New Brunswick-sll from London, Sailed.-Daniel Webster, for London.
TBADZ BHPFOT. Friday Evening. SUGAis.-To-day the auctions of sugar were 207 hhds., 40 tierces, and 22D barrels of West India and Calm, a part of which found buyers, the former at the current rates of the day, bat the Cuba at a slight decline, being of Indirect Importation. In the private markets 620 hhds. Wost India have been sold, in some instances rather dearer. For the 2,23 bas East lndia, one-third of which were Gurputta date, 53s. 6d. to 55s. was obtined, being previous prices; but for the remainder-viz., Duamma dates and Coesipore, there were no buyers. The 6,496 bags Mauritius went, how. ever, with considerable competition, and the whole sold briasly at an advance on aa average of Is., excepting for the crystallized, which were cheaper. - Comm-The Costs Rica sold at previous rates, but the good coloury sorts of plantation Ceylon were in better deniand, and at is. per owt. advance, while other kids were also without change. The following are the particulars - 2,000 bags, Costa Rica chiefly, sold at 71s. to 74s. per cwt.; 300 as, 200 barrels and ba plantation Ceylon, at 71s. 6d. to 77s. for small t lo;w midding, and middling at 823. 250 bags inferior native were taken in, as also the greater portlon of 400 packages of lagaayra. RICE-7,674 bags Java were withdrawn at lls. 6d. to 14s. A floating Neoranzle cargo is reportedat 1s. per ce- SAiTP'rTR?-1,600 bags Bengal at auction were partly sold, 41 to 4 per cent. refraction, 53s. 6d.; 71 per cent., 50s. 6d.; 9, to 9 per cent., 50s.,; 13 to 10 1, 4B2 6 to 49s.; and 30 bags 64 per cent., at 49s. 6d. per cwt. CocoAUwrT Om-A fair business doing at 49s. for Ceylon, and 50s. to 50s. 6d. for Oochin. At sale to-day 90 casks Ceylon wero all taken in at 49s. per cwt. PAnL OiL.-Fine Lagos went at 47s. 6d. to-day; no inferior qualites were sold. T&Low-The market continues depressed, more particularly for early delivery; 61s. 3d. to Bls. 6d. is the price for September delivery, and 59s. for the last threentonths.
THE OOBH TRADE. O(RN-EXH"GR, ARX-LA W=Amr. Auo. 21. The waivala thisa week of oorO, sraln, &c., omBriUsh and fO?eiSD axever Iljoal,mot epecaflfoe!g whatand oat&, which are Teny 1ar~. Te weattrae today Inooneqonneof the coDntnued bean. tifu wethe, mat e qote soewht ceaprta nMna ut LrVRPOOL. Auo. 21. !he aiTals from .reland and cotwise since Tuewday havo been insignideant. From foreign ports we have received 3 741 quartors of wheat, 1.438 quarters of ladhnu corn 2z4 sacks and 1,867Vbarrelsof flour, beIdee 2,276 quarters of wheat azd 2 .00 quarters of Indian corn trom Camada. The exnorts in the %me time comprise TT7 ustena of wheat, 1.493 quarters o2 Indian oorn, 1,617 awhs and 1,670 bsrrels ot four. Wlih fine weatber durlng the lmt two days the trade has been quiet; however, prioes of all artcles have been fairly supporzed. At thts day's marret there was only s thin attendance of the town and country trade, fanOd, theeqatihter benag fine very little buwn was W.AKEFIELD, Ava. 21. 4S oe Satur,ay eveforg we qaie had eine deatber, ar hl vest oprerateons have Omas rapid prtzreLw The wbeat trade an slow tout and even fine cresh old muat be noted If. per qualer loweb s and e tn.'erior parcels are difficult to moTe at a further doollue. For dry newdiaen hor ere wi a fair sale atOfsedto p.rforsre atd up to 70p for fin0 white. Gxlndmg baley X Sair demauad. Bewe eteaay Itx oats and t behifog no ibrnge Wher runer atepri8ebushel p 601ba - en Dees iRufflolk, and oFnt, white e. 2 67 xtra. 69 NorfolkandCambrlde,am;to 6g 65 67 incoatray eendiYorngwe h hite 6wae 65d 67 Red ... . ,.4 5 9 . ...-6L Dantnddv dnf oni berg fresh o. d. 60 qr62 o 64 erio c andE amburg,rred difficult .. St a f 7 d e 6 Medite.ranean barley.i.a 6..deman. e s . In os54 Ayptialk 43~~~5 5. 5 Barley. Mer quartr,'r ot 8 bushei,--6 t 6 e3trat63 Greding .. .. 366-p - Z7
FATAL FIGHT ix KENTIH-Towx.--A very shooking scene took place in the meadows between Kentishtown ai d Highgate-bill on Thursia.t Two men namea B muel Mitchell and Matthew Hawkins, excavators, emnp ,~yed upon the line of railway at Kentisb-town, quarrelled a )out the posession of eome tools 'while drinking at a publichouse, cailed the Aasembly Rooms, at Kentish-to'wn. After a great deal of fightinng auddisturbance between them, In which hundreds oined, an agreement was made to have a pitchea. battle, and for this purpose they repaired to t'he maeadows some short distance off. Here the twvo men ibripped and a dreadful fight took place, they both being p3weriul, resolute mnen; they fought upwards of two hours, long before 'which efforts 'were made to take Mitchell away, as he Was getting the worst of it and was In avery exh lues+d state, at length he feLl dead, when Hawkins, his iAntagoxdst, w6o wvas fearfully punished, fled, followed by hunred. Te bdy of the deceased was conveyed to his h~ne n Frtss.roe, enishton,and Mr. Itawlhins a sureon atened,butal huan idwas unavailng. The upfotnnto mn ws 3lean of ge,and has left a widow and a!n~jr Thinqests apoitedto be held before
I BArL WAY AND MINIQ $RARBE& Priday Evuinpn&--- The railway-market to-day has been -quiet, and few alterations have taken place. A small decline occurred in South-Western, Sheffield, and Berwick. On the other hand Caledonian advanced 5s., anld after official hours there was a further improve. ment, the last prices at 4 o'clock showing a total rise of 11. In foreign shares the only movement was in Paris and Lyons, which closed rather highei. Madras receded ll. In mines the fluctuations were rather unmerous, North Wheal Bassett, Sortridge, Tamar Silver, and Wheal Mary Ann declined; Devon Great Oonsols, Wheal Edward, and Cobre Copper improved. In joint-stock banks a reduction took place in City Bank and Union of Australia. In miscellaneous securities there was no alteration. sbtoa k OIdhm. 140 LBeo Liverpool, OD Roobdle% 83 Bimngso 92 LRenfdt& Vtc, 13B ot*UbKd9e 310 Ooventr, 190 5 Maoclufold S &Trn and Wye, U Jrmnd JunictIn. 50 Oxford1 9 ewTh k Kravt&t le lcmnet and An, m regent e. 16 Wkmq WAThRWOBr3. rat London, I0 Berlin, 6 mnbetb, 95 Do., p c. pref., 36 Do., eow, Si Wedt MddA Sk93 DOD.40.n.pvef.,24i BRIDGE Hungerf4, 61 DOCK. St. Kthine, 9Q1. GASLIGHT AND OOKE OO N IS. 1r4ton I Imperial Debee. MD Weetnilatey Ch.u.. 513 Gtreet Imli.9 London Psi. Peel., 5 WesternA. 73 Grft Oanral,lik urrey Oos., 103 Do. 1, 4 3 1mvedla. I% United Genera4, 20311 W SU1AlCE OMPAN Maq Albion, 95 Ewe, 15 I Imdealw!w u. Alliance, Blt. kPFor., Globe. I u.an .la. 16 Gna,rdlajn. 493 mua)rise I Do., Marlno, 41 23 Imperal Wle, 38 Pet 50 Briti , 6 ImpeclaLfe, 193 Ro& Iofe, ti
STATE OF TRADE. |EANClHESTER, AUG. 2L, Thero oontinues to be B. fair demand for yVrn, and most kinds of cloth are more or less in request- Domestics, long. cloths, and T-clotbo go off commensurately with the prodau. tlon, And there is a moderate business for India. While the market thus continues active, however, the potion of mxa nufacturers is somewhat worse, because they find it impossible to force prices up In the proportion wilche yarn and cotton are rising in vue. There is some alight improvement in the prices of cloths, but it is slow. The prioes of India cloths are slightly if at all better than they were a morth ago; but, owing partly to the lessened production, and partly to larger purchaes by parties who have been tempted to enter Into them speculatively from seeing the continued rise of cotton, they are very firm, and aome sellers have asked more money. In yarns there i a general advance since last week of fully id. per lb., and spinner, being mostly wrell engaged have show;n a disinclinatiosi to enter into new engagements wIthout even a reter incres liit these goods to cover the incrwaed eost of cotton. This is mor, particularly the cue in the medium eount. of r essicoZ for espr and home use, test t 8grg bi nees o? te weejc hssnot tee agrg1 ut
M:O2U-MARKBTa2 CITYINTBLLIGRNC,? Friday EvenIng. The funds to-day have again shown a loss of their recent buoyancy, and bave closed at a decline of a quarber per cent. Con'ols for maoney, which leit off last evening at 91. to were first quoted 91, and soon receded to 90i to s for money, and 90i to 91 for the account, at which they remnainued to the official close. After regular hours, however, there was a recovery of an eighth, buyers having finally offered 91 for the account. LoaUs were in rather increased request, and the rate was from 4 to 4i per cent. ; but the chief causes of the prevailing weakness seem to have been the absence of transactions Oil the part of the public, and the general disposition of the speculators throughotut the past week to press salet. Bank Stock left off at 214 to 21i ; Reduced, 93J to J; New Three per Cents., 9li to i; India Stock, 211 to 213; [ndia 8ouds, 22s. to 17s. discount; and Excheque-btlls, 4s. discount to par. In the foreign stock-market the transactions hav been unimportant, but prices on the whole are well maintained. In Turkish, however, a further decline has taken place. Brazilian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. were negotiated at 96fl; Mexican, for the account, 22i; Rusgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 99 ald 981; ditto, Small, M9I ; Spanish Deferred, for the account, 25a ; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, 941, J, j, and A ; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 99l and i, and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 99i. Iu the foreigu exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Hamburg was rather lower; for other places there -was no important alteration from last post. The corn-market was dull this morning, and sales could not have been pressed except at a reduction of Is. or 2s. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a steady businezs at full rates. The closing price of the Freuch Three per Cetts. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 67f. oc. for both money and account, showing no alteration. The suspension was announced to day of the Isle of Ilan Bank, conducted by the firm of Dumbell, Son, and Howard, with establishmuents at Douglas and Castletown. It has a note circulation be. lieved to amount at present only to about 12,000l. or' 13,000., the whole of which may be assumned to be safe, as according to the laws of the Isle of Manr all persons imuing notes are obliged to give security for thema. In the present case the guarantee is understood to be real estate. With regard to the amount of the leneral liabilities of the bank or the prospects. of liquidation netin positive has transpired. The existin difficultieaiWe believed to have been brought about by unp6ent advances, but in some quarters an impression is entertained that the creditors may escape without any ultimate loss. The bank was constituted as recently as 1853, the year in which the failure took place of the Isle of Man Bank of Alessrs. Holmes and Co., with liabilities for *190,0001. There were buyers to-day of the 1,0001. shares of the Atlantic Telegraph Company at 2001. discount. It appears that the cotapany are now considering whether they shall renew the attempt in October, which is often a quiet month on the Atlantic, or wait till next July, and meanwhile accept one of twro offers which are understood to hav e been made for the purchase of the cable, with a view to its being applied to a communication with India. The Lochiel, from Calcutta, which has arrived today, reports having spoken with the Indomitable, screw steamer, from Australia near the Western Islands, on the 5th of August. This vessel iR now 113 days out, and may be expected every moment. e has 123,0001. in gold. The Great Britain is 92 days out, with 400,0001. in bar gold and, it is said, 104,0001. in sovereigns. The Summer Oloud is 101 days out with 32,0001., and the Sardiula 98 days with 20,6001. The Ariel, from New York to-day, has brought 35,0001., which will be sent to the continent. The commercial advices on this occasion describe a general improvement of about one or twro per cent. in the railway-market. Erie were quoted 34i Reading, 72; New York Central, 83; Panama, 97 ; and Illinois Central, 1119. The produce-markets daring the week have continued to present the quiet appearance that bas characterized them for some time past. Importers having at the commencement accepted a further decline of Is. there was an increase of tranactions in sugar, and in the better descriptions a partial recovery took place. Stocks in eonsumers' hands are now exhausted, which has at length caused the trade to buy more freely. The coffee-market has been fairly supported. Further supplies of new Costa Rica brought forward 'went at an occasional slight reduction from former rates, but plantation Ceylon has met with a more steady sale. The business in tea has been entirely confined to a few opera- tions on the part of the trade at prices show-- ing, in some instances, a trifling fall compared with those of Friday last. Ilu the rie-market speculation appears to bave subsided. Bengal ha been disposed of at 3d. to 6d. under the late highest rates where holders evinced a desire to realize, transactions being upon a limited scale. Sago is considerably dearer. At one period this wieek saltpetre was not sO much sought after by speculators, but the high prices last quoted are generally maintained. Yesterday a more active inqudiry again sprang up, and fine Bengal closes highervia, at 63s. to 64s. For arrival 62s. to 52s. lId. psr cwt. is paid. Another cargo of nitrate of soda is reported at 20s. per cwt. The Lahore Chronicle received by the last Indian zmail contains the following with regard to the Punjab hailway:- " The plans and estimates for tbe line between Lahote, Umritsir, and blooltan have been prepared after areful surveys and due regard to possible contingencies, and have been sent off for approvaL We believe the estimate to be a most elaborate one, embracing every possible requirement. The coat per mile of a single line 6ft. gauge, complete ia evory respect with rolling Atock, stations, &c., will be under 7,000Z. The number of miles of railway estimated for ir 251, and we understand the whole could be ready in four years from the date on which the work should be commenced, provided the operations of the engineer be not hampered. In our opinion the local Government alone ought to be the referee In all cese, not the Government of Bombay, which cannot possibly be ia a position tojuege so wel as the local authorities of the most advisable course to be pursued. Besides, the loss of timo incurred in referring to a distant Government is a sezious objection, and one that ought positively to be avoided. Let the conttrol now vested in the Bombay Government be transferred to the Chief Commissioner of the Punjab, and no time will be wasted in red tats or foolscap. The present crisis ought to teach the Government that delays in providing means of quick communication are especially dangercus. "As a commercial spewulation, the Punjab Railway must pay. The present trafio between Lahore and Umritsir is very great, and would bo increased tenfold with the vastly increased faoilities of communication. The exports vid MIooltan, now comnpartively trifiing, would soon swell into importance. There is no limit to the capabilities of the Punjab as a grain-producing country, but the means of taking the graiin to market cheaply and expeditiously must be protoved. "To complete the work rin the Puinjab we must have a railway to Peshavur-rather a troublesome one to con- truct, and some portions very expensive*; but the immense political importance of she line must gain she day against rupees, anna, and pice. The electrio telegraph has been the means of aring many impending calamities, and to it we in a great measure owe the safety we now eDjoy in the Pnnjab; but tbe locomotive muot come thundering at Its heels. The one will warn us of our danger, the other ,will bring aid to protect us from it. Now we are obliged to mrarch our British soldiers for hundreds of miles under a buring sun, and, even with aU the well-known pluck and ertun endurance of our brave fellows, we knotr that many are obliged to succoumb to the fearful climate. By the aid of arailwaT, a regiment could beconveyed without exposure of any kino, and frornone end of Indiato another in a week, arriving a its destination fresh and ready for any thing." The Committee of the Stock-Exchange have appointed Friday next as settling duy in the new phares of the iNorthern of France and Paris and Lyons Railways. They are both to be markedin the official list. The retnrn from the Bank of England for the week ending the 1lth of August gives the following results when compared with the previons week .- Public depodts ... ...S ,50... Dere,ee 769.904 uther deposits ... O 10,6R6,829 ... nlerese 423,494 est . , 3,635,247 ...Inrew 4,68j On the other side of the account - Government secris... 10,593,654...The sme as before Other sectuities... ... 8 203,498.-.Decrease 475 55 1fotex uemployed ... 5,6S2,740...Ilncrease 131;630 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,393,0261., being a decrease of 164,4161.; and the stock ot bullion in both departments is 11,269,W0Gl., zhowing a decrease of 23,8481. When compared with the preceding return. e gmtaErrA).-The letter of Dr. W. P. A1i'on i Thursday's paper, was addressed not to " Professor Morse, bat to ' Mr. J. S. More," the Professor of Scotch IAW in the iAverAity of Bdinbugh.
COURT of BA?KBUPTC,- Basing9has&ce4 AJug. 2L IN RE WIL1IAM HENYRY mtBETTER. (Bfor Mi'. COmmUMiOner PArN- I au exA'usnamou meeting was beld. 'The bankrupt Was a I croa and hop dealer o& Tonbridge-weUls. Theaccuns a pepaed y esss.Bastler and Canninga sho crditrssxs libiltis tgetermounting to 18,3001.; lpon the application of Messrs. CnxCu vand IaNGDALE theb ankrupt pastsed without oppositionm IN RE G. W. X)LNIEL. The bankrupt was a lunatic asyluma keeper, and lived In a beautiful house at Woodford, called "The Harts," where he received hi3 patients. This was his examination meetin The ebts are rather more than 5,0001., and the assets are net expected to reahze above 120. Mr. NORTON, for Mressrs. Inde, Coope, and Co., andother creditors caUled attention to the fact of tbe bankrupt having within the last 15 years been living at Southal3, Bright0u Bogpor, and Woodford, at the three former of which places he inrcumd debts, and at the last he was adjudicated bankrupt. He thought furtber evidence should have been given as to the deficiency (4,8901) at the time oi commencing the balance-sheet in January, 1856. Mr. PLEwvs was heard in support, and stated that tho bankrupt had suffered many unforeseen lcosea. The CoyMxissiONmR said he could not but view the case as one of misfortune. It appeared that the bankrupt had for some time derived considerable emolument fromI his occupation, which certainly was not a very agreeable one. He s ould allow him to pass his exaraination. In the case of John Faith, provision merchant, of Cam. bridge-road, Mile-end, an adjournment of the examination meeting was ordered. From the accounts just filed it ap. pears that the liabMities are 13,4fi91., while the assets aro about 6001. Protection was refuEed to WiUliam Blackman, of the Railway Tavern, Northfleet. on the ground of a vexatious defentcb to an action bronght against him b Messrs Cooper and Haywood, who had supplied him with teer.
SUMAMER ASSIZE,. NORTELERN OTRCTRTMM. LIvERpOOL. ^G. 21. CrivrL Coun.-(Before Mr. Batort C1AN2Y=. and a Spe&as Jurj). THE QUEEN V. SPENCE. This was an indictment for a nuisance, removed by certiorari, and brought down to be tried on the civil ride. The defendant pleaded " Not Guilty." Mr. Wilde, Q.C., Mr. Monk, Q.C., Mr. Aspland, and Mr. Ovens appeared on behalf of the prosecution; Sir F. Thesiger, QCO. (specially retained), Mr. Atherton, Q.C. Mr. Eill, Q.C., and Mr. Manisty, Q.C., for the defendant. The defendant, it appeared, i3s a manmfacturing chyrnist, en;sing on thel manfjacture of alum at Pendleton, near Manchester, and from the tall chimney of his worke issues a white vapour of an exceedingly offensive character. It was desoribed by the witnesses as "ptungent, feti6, and offensive." Some described it as having the smell of " rotten eggs," and others said it smelt like 1lfarrogate water," his Lordship remarking that this was two similes for the Eame thing. One of the witnesses said the vapour "' set lils teeth on edge." Sir F. THEsiGFR, in cross-examination, asked him if it In'ured his appetite? the witness replied, "sNo." Sir F. THnsiE.-Then it was rather an advantage to you, as it sharpened your tooth? (Laughter.) This pungent stench was described as pervading the houses in the neighbourhood of the defendant's woils and for a mile round it, producing a sensation of nausea, and giving the ohildren sore throats. After various ineffectual attempts to come to an arrange. ment as to the future management of the works and the abatement of the nuisanice the case went on, and is likely to occupy a very considerable time, there being a large body of witnesses yet to examine. CROWN COTTRT.- (Before Mir. Baron WATsON.) Bridget Ccchrane was indicted for the murder of Margaret Cochrane, at Liverpool, on the 21st of December last. There was also a second indictment against the prisoner for the murder of Catherize Cocliane, both of them children of the prisoner, aged 6 years and 4 years respectively Mr. Aspinall and Mr. BF AL Fenwick conducted the pro. secution;. Mr. Davison (assigned by the Court) defended the The prisoner, w ho had recently given birth to a child in the gaol, earnestly persisted in tak;ing her trial this assizes, nm spite of the humane objections entertained by the learned Judge, who this morning desired tht she mright remain The charge against the prisoner was that she had poisoned her two children by administering to them oxalic acIld in buittermitlk It appeared that she and her husband, who was a dock labourer, and the two cildren, lodged in a room in St. Martin's-street, and that on Saturday, the 20th of December, she returned home after her usual avocation of selling fish and proceeded to boil some potatoes for her children, at the same time sending the elder child, Magaret, to a neighbouring shop for a candle and half a pint of buttermilk, and upon the hild's reternthe prisoner divided the nilk into two portions, which the children drank with the potatoes. These circumstances were deposed to by the landlady of the houme who left the children eating, but did not observe that the mother took any psrt of the mfilk herself. The landlady having gone out to market the prisoner and her two children were seen about half an hour afterwards going up the stairs to bed by a lodger, whose room was opposite to that of the prisoner. The children at tha timo walked upstairs and appeared perfectly well and healthy, and the prisoner was seen to leave her own room and go dowvnstairs, taking the candle away with her. In about an hour's timie the landlady returned and found the prisoner alone and seated by the fire in the ktitchen, and in about 20 minutes one of the lodgers ran down exclaiming that the rooms upstairs were liied with smoke, upon which the pri. seoer at ouceexclaimed "Oh, -my children are dead," and hurried upstairs and was afterwards met coming out of her room with her eldest child in her arms quite dead. and, handing it to one of the lodgers she returned and brought cut the second child, who died very shortly afterwards. There were no marks of violence uponeither of the bodies, nor were their chemises at all burnt. Assistance bavlng boen obtained the people in the house went into the prisoner's hedroem, and theze they found a bed on which the naronts generally slept, and which lay on the idoor, coinpletely burnt from the centre of it through the floor and ceiling of the room underneath, while the bed on which the children slept, at thc opposite corner of the room, remain,ed untouched. The beds werez composed Of shavings, and consequently easily i nited. An inquest wfas then held upon the bodl.es of the e niIdren, and the circumastance of the prisoner and her husband having suddenly withdrawn aftcer the first day's inquiry, and the suddenness of the death of the children aroused various suspicions, vwhich ended in a posf-nos-tem examination, the result of which wzas that d2 grains of exa, acid were detected in the body of the elder child, and 20 grains in that of the younger child, a quantity, in the Opinion of various medicalwltnesses, amply suffcient to accounbt for death, assuming that a large portion of the dose had been absorbed into the system. After a vrey long and elabor ate exam ination and Crossexamination of the medical wvitnesses, w;ho were unable to speak wFith any certainty as to the time at wbich the poison was administered, The learned JuDgE, who had yreviously entertaimea some doubt as to the sufficiency of the evidence, interfered, and inquired whether the counsel for the prosecution wore prepared writh any evidence that the woman had ever been proved to have had poison in her pOssession, and, on being answered in the negative, at once stopped the case, adding that no doubt there were circumstawncesof grave suspicion against the prisoner and, by his Lordship's direction, a vrit of Guili wt tyvas taken upon both indictments. The prisoner, who had left her house suddenly Inanediately a{ter the 270sf asorfea examiination had commenced, was, after a vain search, ulltimately taken into cusetody in Ireland in April last, .d The beds
[Advertisement,]-lndia. - Stanford's map of India, based opon the nryve)s executedby order of the M-ou. the East lndia Cormpany, the speial maps of the Snrvejor.Gereral, and other antboritiss. howing the latest territoyiol acquisitSons ot the 7tottiasb the indpen,dent and protectd state., the railway,'. canals, m itary stations, &c. tocethb r with o CnDtthuatfon ot the i rtl b Tr&aV-gaiiCo prooinuces. and diagrams eahibjitg dlstaocea and bearings from the three presiderncIes of Bertgas] Matra.; anrd Bombay. On two large sbeets. vreice 185. ed. rouo,ted tn aosE. 25g AlsO, the Atlas of Indi%, , rite2 E; andnew rlan ol Delhl and its Eniron,; sheort, ricel IE, case, 2s. dft London, Edward Stanford, S. Chariug.orots, S.W., who new List of Mape may be had free br post for one stamp. [AdvertiLenuent 1-John Cassell on the Temperance Refr tmatn,r as s A usillary in the Promotiou of Edricatiraand the Tree Blevytinn of the People.-Just publiabed, price d.. " The Great (Obstaelo to Education: Facta dentmnutratire ot the causes of the Dnou attendance or prenatnre wlthdrawnmaut of the chi dren of the orerattte clamet from tehooL. with an appeal to tihe pronmotert of education, suggeted tby the receLt Eduucatontl Conference ucder thoepreldency ot hi BW 7at lighnesB the l}ce Consort I By Jobn Cassel. Thus pamphlet Con tain. the Ittetmonte0 of chaplains of prisons and w her gent lemen cor.versont Ntrth tie aigals of ignoranoe and crtme as to the chbef hbidrancee to the education a, d moral culttre of ol juvenile populati,,n alto hnggeetlons aeto the heat mode of remedying the eviL Landon. W. Ketand Co..attnolerow, and all bookeellerg. [Advertiseme.ut.)-"The History of a Flizt," related by hevel. price 2P., now ready. Few noyels of modem times hove realzedtoextraordinarya suore as the cheapedjtfRn of this clever pJodU tion. Anotter edition Is now at pres. and the publioe ze in. tbattn cooreqrlente of Its great POpuiarfty Igt will not be peomDitted to go out of print. Airo, lost poiuhed,' XThe IMen at Armsa" by. P. I. James, IsE t'd:"Tbhe WVhite Mak," k lby ce. Thomson, Is. d.: Glelga *-Unsar " 2d * Jameisf's WoodmraD," 2s. : Mrs. Thomeon's " Anne Boes," Is. fd. , s. X EslI'd "Buccaneer." IsL 6d. AlSo new editions of'Monte sisto." I 2vels. 3a. and" M1emoirs of a PhysIcian," 2t gels, 3g. London, Thoms Hodgeon, 1$, Paternogterrow. [Advertisement.]-." The Pic Nlic Papers," edited by Ciarls D!cten,, Cnd Illgurtrted wvith steel ergravinglsg by Geooge Oraibbwan arnd hiN. Justrea7, "Tio Plo-Nit lapeog" by Charlea Dickens, V. IL. Maxwell, Miss Sit ctkl-AO, Thomas Moore, 1 Bitchle, Alian OCnntnoham, and other oelbhrated writer" Oown wYO, Mt Wagee Uloth, gilt, prce 5r., tmiform with the "PlckWock Paper..' hse infinite variety aDd strrling merita ot thus singsraly erntertaininu bookaidSed by tpg 7iUmnerous andt capttal tllustratlonsof Crituirra and iz, with the goa't advantaie otbeing edited bi Chirlesfllkens, muot at oDtC stamp It as an intensely intetteting roluime. Ltndon; Wat and tack, 15S, lecleeat,'trea (Advertisement.]-Doir,g b'efoero Delhi; scapes and LweE;dm-Vt ee ou the ) utine-ere- Remnant of ied TapeLeaenhallhtrees Pervntet-Sponen On ard.oix the Stage-Beggars lin Choosers Dr. abn Agrtn- Our India RelSAfoceementa .letter toECrJohn Ram3eeg-Rutigan lnterveAtion in Chinese AffairsEffects of the loyal ('onterences st oborme--Reasons ehy the Atlan. tto Telegaph wana FaTuare - Spoilea', Per-onal Nrrattve of hi Tdsal -Tial of Clarke for the Abduction of a louog JeItweta-Murdez snd Atrocities on tbolegh SeaXldnsPXing Std BrutalTireetmient of American SailoUr, O.-SEee lod's Weekly London NeVsaper, dted by Banchart Jerrold. Average weekl sale SO tOO. e- lISsheri IU3. Contarto sxs;y colormos or tIre most iarSed sand Intere. Cag Inteflgsrioe prInted by lBe'I s fas A erican pintin mnachine, pst t'ae rate dl .5,0 COo1epleyCe hoer, th3ereby ssablmg.the trellator rf news to the latest maom3ent (renoI later than eny ether new. Faper). Price 2d., of an,Y njewsgenu A OoD U,a raDnle Is ent post nefDr4ltQ three po tage atara,-, lloyd. Sidboxryseex,
C0E.NZTRAL ORIMIKAL COUBT, Aug. 2L OLD COURT. (Before Mr. Baroa &ILRT.) At the sitting of the court Antonio de Salvi, the Italian 'who staIds charged with an attempt at amurder in the Queen's Prison, vas placed at tbe bar to take his trial for triOfed ya patlyfuPoegn jurytbhetnrial was ordered tostand over, and. arrangements were made for summoning the usual namber of foreign jurorso Wiliam Norris, 25, was indicted for stealing a large quantity of silk, the property of Benedict Barnard and another - and John Whale,arespectable-loolking man, who srrendered to take his triaL was= d with receiving the property, knowing it to have been stolen. The prisoner Norris pleaded " Guilty." Mr. lodkin and Mr. Metcalfe conducted the prosecutionMr. Robinson and Mr. Sleigh appeared for White. The prosecutors of this Indictment are Messrs Barnard and Rosenthal,whocarnry on a very extensive business as s&k manufacturers in Cheapside; and the prisoner had been in their service upon two occasions, and was employed in an upper floor of t eir warehouse in the capacity of giver-ontof s. It appeared that in conmequence of a suspicion that was entertained by the prosecutors that sometbing dishonest was going on in their establishment they obtained the assistance of Scott aud Funnejl, two detective oflicers, and they were engaged to watch the premises. On the 29th of July Scott 'was so engaged at the usual hour for the workpeople to go to dinner, and he saw Norris come out, and he followed him to several places, and at last he went up a gateway in Newgatestreet, and when he returned he had a bundle under his arm. Norris then proceeded to Bisoe's-court, Old Bailey, where the other prisoner, Whale, carrfed on the business of a fringe and trimming manufacturer, and he called out for him, but hewas not at bome. Scott then took Norris into custody, and upon exatmining the bundle he was cari Vng it was found to contain about 21b. of silk, which e had undoubtedly stolen from his master's premises. The officers subsequently went to the warehouse of the prisoner Whale, accompanied by the prosecutors, and upon their putting some questions to him he said that he kneow Norris as a traveller from SpitalfSe]ds, aud that he had purchased silk fromn him on two or three occasios. He then was asked to sbow his cashbook, but he said he did not keep one, and that the only record he had of the transactions -vrth Norris were the lnvoice', and he produced a file, which was examined, and it was then aecertained that, instead of there having been only two or three transactions between the two prisoners, there had been a great many more than that number, and the price represented to have been charged for the silk wra 32s. er pound. The i'voices did not contain any address of Norris, and some of them had no date. About 3851b. of silkwere found at Whale's warehouse, which he admitted had been purchased of Norris. and he told the proseeutors that they might take the whole of the sUk away, or do what they liked with it, so that they did not prefer any charge sgamst him. The prosecutors stated that the bulk of this silk was worth 40s. per lb., and somne of it was stated to be 'worth 46s. The priEoner Norris was called as a witness for the prosecution in the courSe of the case, and according to his eiidence Whale was perfectly aware of the circumstnces under wbich he obtained possession o the silk, and he also stated that, teyh ricemarkeidonthe invoices as having been Whae fr te slkwas32e, i pontof fact 2Cte. per lb. only were paid. Tlhis witness admitted that he had rohh,^A his Pml^r . . Mr. .tOI0iNSON made a very earnest appeal to the jury on behalf of the prisoner Whale, and said that be was in4 structed that he was a man who had for a great many year carried on a respectable and honourable business, and he therefore could not help feeling the deepest anxiety for the result of the present prosecution. Be then proceedod to argue that the case rested entirely upon the evidence of Norris, who admitted that he 'was a, thief, and whose object in giving evidence against his compaidon evldently was to obtain immunity for hinself. Someevidence was then adducedfor the defence, the effect of which was to show thaLt it was customary in the silk trade for what were called "job lots," to be sold for ready money considerably under the usual price. A numaber of h Ihl respectable witnesses were also examined, who gave W e a very good character, and spoke of him as being always considered a person of honour and integrity. The learned JUDGE having summed p,the jury retired to consider their verdict, and, after deliberating aboat a quarter of an hour, they returned nad gave a verdict of G~uiZ4y zgainst 'Whale, but strongly recommended him to mercy on account of the e,ood character he had received. His LorIDSsP. addressing Norris, said he could not help regarding his offence as one of the most serious that culd be committed by a servant against his empIoyer. He ad. rstted that durig a period of three months he had commiltted no less than 31 idistinct acts of robbery, and, under such circumstances, he should be grossly neglecting his duty if he did not pass a severe sentence upon him, andbe should therefore order hima to be kept in penal servitude for 14 years. With regard to the other prisoner there could be no doubt that he must have been perfectly weli aware that the property he purchased of Norris had been dishonestly come by, andif the jury had not recommended him tomercy he should have passed upon him a similar sentenco to that of thea other prisoner.' He was always anixious, however, to pay deference to the opinlon of the ju in this rospect, and therefore he should inflict a Ml' lighter sentence upon him than he othevrwie should have done; he did so, however, solel in consequence of the recoramendation of the juriy, and he was afraid that many persona might think hie was too lenient, and that the sentence he was about to pass would be considered too light for his offence. He then sentenced Whale to be kept in penal servitude for three years. Mr. F. H. LEwrs subsequently applied to the Courb on behalf of Norris, and stated that the prosecutors were desirous to reconimend him to mercy. Baron.lLRT.nrx said he had pwase the sentence he thought oughttobepronounced fobr thPeoffenutce, and he should not altr i. I an aplictio, hwevr,was imade to the Secretary of Stayte heshotuld havenvoe Sobetion to say that Noris adgivn hs vidnceveyprpery,andhe believed that he hadi spoken the trDth.d AntniodoSali,29, described as a servant, was then aga plaed at the bar. The indicatment charged him, oni the first court, with maliclously and feloniously stabbing and wounding Robert Hendersn Robertson, with intent to murder him, and on the second, with the Intent of doing him some grievous bodily harm8. Aury, partly composed of foreigners, was empanelled to Mr. Bodkcin and Mr. Sleigh conducted the prosecution; Mr. E. James, Q.C., and Mdr. Serjeaiit Parry were speeialy retained lwith Mr. M'Mahon to conduct the defence. Mr. Bonxnn, inL opening the ease to the jury, said that it was his duty to lay before them the circumstances undcr -which the p eet seiu charge was made against tie prisoner. The offence charged in the first count of the in. dietment was still capital, and he believed that in the result the c dy question for their consideration would be wheiher the prisoner did reaUy intend to talke the life of the prose. cutor, or 'whether they would boe justified in convicting him only of the lesser offence of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. The learned counsel then proceeded to narrate the circumstances under which the offence Was committed, and said that, the magistrate by whom the prione 'ws entfortril avig mdea commaunication to the Secretary of State that it wasa fit acase to be taken uip by the Government, he and his learued friendd were in- trueted by the Solicitor to the Treasury to conduct the The followinf witnesses wer then examined*- Mr. Richard Vaiompson said,-I am a solicitor, and have acted in that capacity for the prisoner. I ccompanied him to the Queen's Prison on the 8th of July, to see Mr. Bobertson. Mr. Gower went with us. I had some conyersation with Mr. Robertson before the prisoner came into the room. Ie was sitting in an arm chair with his back to the 'window, and I was sitting on his left side. The prisoner came into the room and was standing about five feet from Mr. lLobertson, inL front, of him. The prisoner drew nieaRer to Mr. Robertson, and it appeared to me that he struckhim 'with his ft. Tbere was-an angry feeling between the prlsorer and Mr. Robertson on the subject of the debt, the latter denying that he owed it. The prisoner struck bim four or five times on the cheek, the right side, the temple, and the shoulder, and he fell to the ground, and I observed blood flowing from his person. De Salvi and Mr. (Gower then left the room, and Iwent up to Mr. Roberzn and sup. -ported him. Cross,exramined.-I have beenthe prisoner's attorney since 1856. He has been a valet, and I understood he had saved a little money. He brought me some bills of exchange to sue upon, and Robertson appeared to be his debtor for 20(l., and he requeated me to nmake some arrangement with De Salvi and Gower, and I sent for De Salvi for that puTpose, Rnd Gower accompanied us to the Queen's rnsoa. Robertson said to Gower that he did not owe any money to De Salvi, and an altercation arose between the parties. I have understood that the prisoner has lost 9000 that hemad saveda, and he told Robertson that he bad had his money and he had nothing to do with looking after anyone else. De Salvi was greatly irritated at this time. Mr. Wild said,-At the time of this transaction I was sa inmate of the Queen's Prison and I saw the prisoner and Mr. IGower go towards Mr. Robertson's roorn, and immediately afterwards I heard a scuffle In his room; the prisoner and Mr. Glower came out togetber and walked along the corridor. I then went into Mr. Robertson's room, and tound him bleeding and wounded. I went in the direction the prisoner had gone, and picked up the knife now produced, with blood on it and the point broken off, about five yards from Mr.I Robertson's room. After this I saw the prisoner and said to him, " You are De Salvi; you are the assassin." Re made no answer, but started back. Mr. C. R. Manson said,- I was in the Queen's Prison in June last, and I remember about that time seeing the prisoner and Mr. Robertson together, and the prisoner was speakitg about a debt due to him upon a billfor 2001., and he said that if soeme satisfactory proposal were not made to him respeoting that debt he would have his life. I told the priEener it was a very serious expression, and I should take particular notico of It, and should not leave the room unless Mfr. Robertson required it, and I remained until De fAsvi left. I remember hearing a ory of murder from Mr. Robertson's room on the day this occurrence haLpp,ned, and Iwent out immediately and saw the prisoner in the passpge below leading to the yard. I recognized him directly as the person who had made the threat previouasl, and I laid hold of hi. and asked him if he did not recollect me. He aid he did not, and I told bim I remembered him very well, and I should not release him until I had handed him over to the police, Qross-examined.-I don't know what Mfr. Robertson said in reply to the prisoner's thrext of taking hislife. Mr. Robertson appeared to be very much intimidated at the conduct of the prisoner. Mr. lRobertson had been endeavouring to get released from his debts in one of the Scotch Court, but was unsuccessful, chiefly, as I understood, on account of the opposition to the proceeding that v'as instituted by the prisoner and Mr. Gower. Mr. Wiliamn Bell said,-I was over the roon ocnplead by Mr. Robertson on tho day in question, and I heard a noise and a.ery of "lMurder 1" nmd the prisonercame out followed by MIr. (ower, and they ran adong the passage as f& as they could. Mr. (lower said " Oh !" and shuddered when he came on; of the room as If horror.stgack. Igsaw the prison,er after this, and told him he should not go; he was one of the parties, and he replied " Oh, hat is itWAS hrr QoIvil, the Ohitf turnkey of ithe prison, a'd,-Oa the day this matter happened I heard the alarm and took the prisoner into custody. He was surrounded by a great many people, and there was a cry of " He did it." The pri. soner was tken into one of the rooms. and be then said, "I did It, and Mr. Gower had nothing to do with it." He then made an effort to speak to Mr. (Gower, bat he said, " Don't peak to me." I was prevent when the deposition of Mr. Voberton was taken in the presence of Mr. Combo, the 2naglsrate. eroea.examined.-I told Mfr. Robertson that Mauson had stated in his evidence that he was present when Da Salvi threatened to take his life, and he denied that any. thing of the sort had ever takren plaoe. Mr. Wakeru, the surgeon of the Qaeen's Prison, said that he sAW Mr. Robertson about half.an-bour after the fatal ocourrence, and hefound him saffering from four wounds, one In the face, one on the collar bone, one on the templc, sad amother onthe nape of the neck. The last was the most dangerous wound of the four. Paralysis, total on one side and partially on the other, had supervened, and Mr. Robertson was in a very dangerous state. He was of opinion that the broken portion of the knife still remained in the around in the nape of the neck. The depositions made b' the prosecator were then pit in ndareaa. Thef6rst wasas followsa:- X, am a gentlem at) I knew the Osisoers De Salvi and Gower. I1 am detained, at 'tbe Qaehns Prisou at the suiti of De Sail. About 2 o'clock yesterdasy the two prlsoners and ai Sir. ThLomson (a% aollitorj cnme to mueat the priasn. r. was in eonveers%tion, with De SaIl, whe he drew out a daggee in his right band, and he airnik Me with It on the Fide of the face. Whie I sat In the chatr he struck u,a staiD on the face, and I fell on, the itroefd. I had a ruaggle with Tbim ten, anid he ctask me three tims with the arae Instrument on tbeneck andbsck. Iam now suffering from the effects ott.he bows.1 mermet Gowe thentmdaae ah; see al hmbe~re at bi, place of bu.lnew. Gower did not strike me. Atter De Sail bad struck me wce, Gower aid, 'Gire It thetlllaon,' and then Da Salvi gtrucu me tires tinres witlh the weapon. Cwer is one or my detaIeng creditor-s." prisoner 1tvleniwa made oa th e day after the affair happe. prosecutor subsequently made another deposition, pretty duch tothe sdme effect,e hich was also rea.d, aThi closed the case for the prosecuton.e Mr. JAsxs then made ae brief appeal to the jury on bthalf of the priTner. loe sad it would be hopeless upon the facts before theA to expect that they cotld come to any sailder conclusion than that when the prisodner made the attank upon the prosecutor he ina tended, at all events, to 0o himn some grievous bodily harem; but he hoped thsat when they looked at all the circumsotances of d the ase they would feel themselves jstufied in covicting the prrisoser upon that count only. The learned counsel then referred to the facts of the case, alld said he thouht it was only due to Mr. Glower, whose name had been so-painfnuly mixed U withL the transaction, to state that it appeared to him t%at the evidlence contradiced the snppositionthat he was aware that the prisoner was using a deally weapon, and that it was clear be, as br. Thompson did at first, tohthat the prisoner was striking the p-reutor this fist. He then urged upon the jury that there was no evidence to show that the act was at all premeditaed, and he Faid there could be very littlo doubt that the prisoner, finding that he was Uikely to lose hIs money, all the savings of his life, was suddenly worked usp to an ungovernable -it of passion, wad in thle ex. citemnent of the momenxt committed the offence with which he was charged in the sEcond ounnt of the indictment, and that there was not sufficient evidence to justify them in saying that he had formed the deliberate intentionL to mu-irder the prosecutor. Lora uranville was then sworn and examined fromn the bench. He stated that 14 years ago the pr soner was in his tervice and he considered him an inoffensive, mild. tempered youth at that time, and bad always heard the same character of him since. Lord Hardinge gave sMnirenvidence. The Rev. Wr. Goddard, the vicar of Eartham, in whoso service the prisoner had beer for several years, also gave him an excellent character. Several other gentlemen were exanined, and they gave similar evidence. Mr. Baron HAnR'M then summed up, and observod that the learned counsel for the prisoner having admitted that the offence imputed to him could not be reduced below the crime of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily iars, the only points for the consideration of the jury were whether the evidence made out the intent of the prisoner to be to mrader the prosecutor, or whether there were any facta in the case that would fwarrant them in convicting him of the less serious offence. The jury retired to deliberate upon their verdict, and in a fevr nmnutes they returned into Court and found the prisaner Guilty upon the second count, of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. They at the same time Etrongly recommnended him to mercy on aecount of the good I eharacter he had received, and the provocation that bad teen given him. Mr. Baron MArn said he did not appear to have received any provocation. The only ground for the I recommendation was his good character. Baron M-artin then proceeded to pass sentence npon the prisoner. He said that he bad been convicted of an offence which no one eould doubt he had committed. Whether I he intended to murder the prosecutor or not was known only to himself, but there could be no doubt that a man who stabbed another with a deadly instrument in the face and other dangerous parts of the body must clearly hve, intendedtoallb-atmaurderthe man attheleast. Tbeprosecutor appeared to be yet in a dangerous state, snd if he died the prisoner would sfill have to taske his trial for rmurder, and the present proceeding would not relieve him from that consequence. The jury had recommended him to mercy, and he should comply with that reconmmendation to some extent, but the only gromnd upon which it could at all be attended to wvas that of his previous good character. As to provocation there wa none in a legal snse. The proseoutor might have behaved ill to him in money matters, but tbat was no justifcation for his committing such a deadly attack upon him, and it must be known that the law of this country would not for a moment sanction such a pzoceedieng. His Lordship then concluded his address by sentencing the prisoner to be kept in penal servitude for 15 year - George Cot, who was convicted on Thursda.y of stabbing his'wife in St. Ma3rtin's-Is-Grand, under peculiar circumStances, was brought up for judgment, and sentenced to six mronths' hard labour. George Harvey, 46, and WilliamJohn Thompson, 32, two Tost-off ce letter-carriers, who had pleaded "Guilty" to charges of stealing letters containing money, were also brought up and sentenced to eight years' penal servitude. We are req2ested to state that the sentence passed in the Central Crinunal Court on Thursday in the case of Harrison and BSder Durant and Roger Darant vas as follows:Harrison six years' penal servitude. The Durants were sentenced each to 18 months' imprisonment with hard labour. NEW COURT. (Before Mr. Justice CRowDER.) Megnael Peranez, 20, a black sailor, was indicted for cutting and wounding John Webster, with intent. , Mr. Lilley prosecuted. The lroeecutor, who is a North American and a sailor, was wItT a party of his countrymen on the 19th of June at the Cock and Neptune publichouse, where the prisoner, who is a South American negro, was drinking with seie friends, and from the evidence of the witnesses it appeared that the prisoner had a quarrel 'with some of his own countrymen, but not with the prosecutor or his party. They then all went out into the street, when the prisoner draw a knife from his pocket and stabbed the prosecutor anhd also another man named Bishop,'whom he jumped upon The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and he was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. TH}IRD COUlRT. (Before thc COX3fON SERMUrNT.) Josiah Mull, 40, schoolrcater, was indicted for stealing a bank-note of the value of 501. and three other bank-notes, each of ths value of 56., the property of George Bailey Tuson, in a dwelling-house. Mr. Giffard and Mr. T. Salter prosecuted, and xr. Ribton defended. The learned COUNSEI havingbriefly detailed the circumstances of the ease, called The Rev. Herbert Tuson.-I live at Wick, near Bath, During the months of September and November last I was staying at Little Stanmore, 3Iiddlesex, doing duty for my uncle, who is rector of the parish. The rectory being let, I was staying at the house of the prisoner, who is the ra. tionai schoolmaster of Little Stammore, and lives at the soboolhsuse. The only pertons in the house besides myself were the prisoner, his wife, and a servant, who slept out of the house. On the 6th of November Sir Hlenry Ellis, who occupied the rectory, paid me for my uncle 671. 4s. There were four notes-one 50h and three 5I.-notes, which I put into my desk and locked. Upon the following day I went out to dinner, and before going I looked to sae if the desk was safe, and found it so. I left it upon the table in the sitting-room. I came home about half. aet 11, and let myself in with a latch-key. When came in I thought the desk had been moved, but finding the window untouched I took no funther notice. The family were all gone to bed. The next morning the prisoner came Into my room, and asked me I had left mv desk locked. I aid, "Yes." He then said, "Itis open." I dressed aud went into the sitting-room, and found that the desk had been forced, and the notes and money were gone, The room was in sorne confusion, and the drawers were open; a valuable silver Communion service, which my uncle bad lent me, was in those drawers but had not been disturbed. The prisoner said he had Lost somae things of trifling value. There were no marks outside of the window to show that any one had entered the room from outside. Cress-examined.-I told the prisoner I did not know the number of the notes. Mr. Bayley, from the Bank of England, proved that two notes, one for 504. and another for 5o., were paid into the Bank. The one for 0L. came from Mr. Bankes and one for 2.51. from Messrs. Routledge. Sir Henry EUis proved paying those notes to the Rev. Herbert Tuson at the school-houee at Stanmore. A servuat girl in the employment of the prisoner proved that upon the morning the notes were missed she found her master up and in the school-room when she carne in the morning. ln crosste:amination she abated that he generally used to let her in. Frederick Warn, clerkc to Messrs. Routledge, of Farring. don-street, booksellers, produced a letter received by post by their fnm upon the 30th of ApriL The Rev. George Bailey TusoU, sworn, said,-I am rector of LittleStanmore. The prisonerhas frequentlyw ritten to me. I know his handwriting well Ishould say that the letter produced is in lis hand, but disguised. It looks like left-handed writing. The letter was put in and read; it was dated from Finsbury-circus, and ran thus:- "TibeRsi-. msniy~alTd. of OzSo,belognowin Lonaon for a* horb time, wishbes Mdeasra. Routledge to mke bhi 6,P a. xacel o! IN0 o Arhd.eoon A3len'spenny iyiansu; and be Wilcai for tbemon blaroadto the stationupon MI return to Oxford." Jobn Purder, clerk to Mesrs. Routledge, proved that about 5 o'clock in the afternoon upon the 6th of August a cab drove up to their door,and upon going out ho saw a man inside, who sid he was the friendof the Rev. Mr. J. NHald, of Oxford, and had called, for the parcel of bXmn books. They were given to him, and be gave in payment a 5I.-note, the one produced, and received the change, and left. To the best of witness's belief the prisoner wzas that man, hut hc wore aBmoustache and rather gray-coloared ppectacles, and wvas tressed in blalc. blr, George Burnsq, an engraver and printer in Cans bridge-terrame, Edgewsre-road, proved that some one wering big. whiskers and moustaches amno upon ihe 6th of .Tne in a cab, and gave him orders to engrave a plate with the "EHon. 0. J. Ponsonby, Eakrford-house, Dorsetahire," upon it. That man he believedi wastheprisoner. Mr. John Williams.-I am manager to Mr. Burns, and fist saw the prisoner upon the 10th of June at the door of onr shop, in a cab. He came about the plate. I spoke to hLim for some time. He paid a deposdt upon the pl!te, Aud got me to pull blins a proof card. I am sure he is the man. 'a bad on a large false rmoustache most clumsily put on, and I could aee the sticking pIlaster. The disgulise was moat ridi. colons; he looked lke Gtuy taux. (Laughter.) I went down with the police and saw him come out of the church at Stanmore, and knew him directly. Mr. William CoxBennett,, o0 . 45..0heapside, watchmaker and jeweUer, stated that upon the 13th of Jime Abrougham, with livery servant, stopped at thehr door, and upon hi going out he saw inbide some-one whom he thought to be Iho prisoner, but he was disguised withx whiskers and moustaches and spectaoles. He. hovrever, had sent in the card, "1Hon. C. F. Ponsonby, Harford.bouse, Dorset. shire," and'said that he wante some of witnesss lOt. gold watches to make presents of to his tenantry. Witness advised him to have some of their 104 silver ones as being better suited for country wear, andhe, after aome discassion, assented, and took five of them, paying with the 501.-note -produoed. Cross-exalined,-I only believe him to be the man. Mrs. Hays, assiatant to ha. Kirkham, pawnbroker, Strand, produced one of the watches in question. About 8 o'clock on the evening of the 13th of June he advanced him 51. The man gave th.e name of "Edward Mills, 3, Bream's. buildings, Chancery-lane." Thomas Durrant, an assistant to Messmrs Dobree and Tom. linson, proved that some sn.n with a profusion of hair and beard called at about a quarter to 8 on the same night. He gave the name of " James Mills." Witness thought the prisoner was that iman Hlepledged a wath for St. Stepheon Whittaker, of the firimi of xYoung, ?rinee's.street, Leicester-square, positively swore to the prisoner s having pledged another of the watches between 8 and 9 on the same evening. He instantly recognized the prisoner on seeing him come out of church at Ltttle Stanmore. Cross-examinod.-I am quite certain he is the man. He wore spectacles, but no beard. Two assistants from the shop of Mr. Lix:xmore, St. Martin's-lane, proved that the prisoner eame on the samie niight to their shop to pawn a silver watch, but, his aPPearance and manner oxciting a uspicion, they detaine?1mr and inquired the reason of his being disguised, and he snid he was going to the theatre to have a lark, and would leave them the watch to make inquiries if they wished. He then went away, and never called again, This was another of the watches obtained from Mr. Bennett. One of these witnesses picked the prisoner out from among about nine others. The other evidence, including that of the sergeant of police, 191S, proved tracing the watches after the informnation about the bank-notes being paid in.-- thel insuffiient proof of the asged man beingt to the ri The Co-,NwOx SqJXtNT having summed up. The jutry retired, and after being absent above an hour came into court, returning a verdict of Guilty. The C03MIOX.SHRJRAIT said he enLtirely concurred In the verdict, and sentenced the prisoner to four years' penal servitude. Thiss ended the businews of the sesson. The Court sat until very late.
POLZOCR. BOW-STBEET.-John Cheshire, a sorter at the General Past-offioe, rho has been 20 years i4 the service, was charged with stealing a letter containing a 10I.-note. Dfr. Berkeley, of the firm of Mitchell and Berkeley, solicitors, Incoln's-inn-fields, havng occasion to make a re. mittance to his partner, who was staying at Boxham, in Cheslhire, enclosed a 0li-note in a letter addressed to him, and wrote the word "reg6stered" on the envelope. But the messenger who posted that letter omitted to register it, so that the words registered being inscribed on the envelope only served to draw attention to the fact that it contained mnoney. This occurred on the 15th inst., and on the 17th the note was chauged at the Bank of England by a person who wrote his name and address upon it. This Mwas a man named Palmer, porter at the Queen's Hlead, St. Mfartin's-leGrand, wFho nowv gave evidence that he was sent to change the note by the prisoner, who was afterwrards very angry with him for giving his ow name and addre6ss Mr. HmSRLY committed him for triaL. MARLBOROUGH-STP.RRT.-Mx. Edwin Moorcroft was charged with assuilting Mrs. Amselia Wilson, Berlin wool watehouse, 32, Burlington-arcade. The complainant, a ladylike woman, said she had formerly cohabited with the defendant, but had for some time relnquished his acquaintance. Yesterday the defendant came into the shop, struck her a blow on the face, and blackened her eye. Previous to this assault the defendant made a disturbance and broke a plate-glass window. In order to secure her life she felt hound to charge him with the asault, and thus obtain the protection of the law. The defendant said he would leave the matter in the hands of tho magistrate. The complainant stated that after he had been given in charge and was bailed out he came again to her shop, and that mnorning had twice assaulted her. Mr. BEADo2N inquired wrhat rank of life the defendant beThe complalinat said sihe supposed he called himaself a gentlehman. All she wanted was protection iaherbusiness The defendant said it was his funds that farnished the stock of the shop, but he admitted that the shop belonged to the complainant now. Mr. BRaDox ordered the defendant to find two sureties in 201. each to keep the peace for six months.
THE SBAR OP POIsONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your paper of yesterday there apea~rs an article upon " The Sale of Poisons," which contAins a misstatement that you will doubtle2s bo willing to correct. The following is an exact quotation from the article referred to .- *- A gentleman living in PortIand-place wasorderedby his phbruan to tAe the ell-know.u Infusaon of ash-leaves; on taking the prea-dbed ,loeo he was eized with eryalarm ig smptoms, and was soon tn a State Of USMUontlsm iUd.onIslona. 'The hNYdsau was sent fOr, examined the Infusion, and drnk awlwie-glabsul hicjcelf, but with the same slrming consequesioea It tMmed out thas the herbalit (of Oovent-garden) had sold belladonna (the deadly nighthade) Instead of tte aehleaves" The facts of the case are, that Dr. Garrod reeornmended the atient referred to in the above statement to us kor the purchase of ash-leaves. Wo supplied him with two or three parcels, but he after. wayds found that he tould obtain eome at a lower price in Farringdon-market, and he therefore ceased to buy of us. One evening a gentlemaan called upon us in a state of greit excitenment, s-nd producing a sample of leaves, asked us what they were. We immediately pronounced them to be belladonna leaves, upon which be exclaimed, "1 Then I fear my friend is dead,' and told us that the leaves hsd been obtAined from FErringdon-imarket. The above explanation is due to us, as our firm has been established more than 100 years, and we have no doubt that Dr. Garrod wil confirm our explanation. Wo e main zvnr nbeatal steets BUTLER AID WCt!OLLOOH. '.,UT%mTi-gurIon, .&ug ZI.
AtTISALIAZ POSTAL SEIWICB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMfES. Sir,-Your reporter last night does not weem to hAve clearly apprehenaea tie ground of mny objeotionL to the amalgamation of the West andisa and Australian mail com. ponies. My objection waa this-that the basis of the pro. posed Amalgamation is neither more nor less than a Govera. ~tgum~~e fr te ~m o 91,00. fr srvie0 o b wILlrAix C6OuNkffG. FaxGnTrUL Accmxnz-A melancholy aoeident oocurred on the London and North-Western Railway, near Stbffrd, or, Tueday worning. Sarah Whettom, wife of & ,1ouring manD living at Mon Pitt, two miles from StAfford, was crossing the line, when he W#s ct down by a train from Birmingham travelling at xpfree speed. Neither ths enginevdtre nor gnard notioed 'any obstrctioia ibe train, but on its arrival at Stafforl&. leoA nd a oc o of f were observed on the engine. A. trtew *M'along the line, and at the Moss Pitt crohei ke dlsoovAked the mangled .emins of the old wo'man. fbebodsad'been ant in two acros the boweUy, eD nnous fRaents 1y atrewed about, preSentieg. most fearfl ,peetle 1he was 80 me of age, and e mother of 16 cbildrfn, most of -whom ae hem, She 'a in poeeion of ill her facnlie, and as she cood hear well it i6 not easy to acconnt for her not being aware of the approach of the train,-i(cucs/r ONHrdinn,
I ATROPOLZZIA BOARD OF wORD. - A. meeting of tht Board ewa he s i TE XMZANM T OF TRZTr&I oL That Mr. 19zetUe b jibAmrw to f e& s tbe ldaia sr * A e ptan, sa ort m t i te fu to1w atended anda fheb at tb,t Aohi wepoard o2, I rEC aud fota WbeLoraLb SoDog is n a eXtbct.o Wtheo horre I #gn ubmit the uro posd newatEe, fet e lo'lr-leel -er, Indepenldent of a dedsig forthefi emb Sckser ot thee Thmser, I bfeet tothrkb wh lce am eet t eak acd Prderas tbe takeXen atEngthe io,evl jewrerbqonianstio, wig, allembaonkmentso"g t.be nrhbank otthe.1;atckw lb* ctbe We thn ofboUthtb welrc ghLsettg to tbefa 6446lnmen$ of the ob. met denrnL itewouldthherefore,inmjtm be aolwn so ro "1ran. the exMtlon of thi line otr er So fetorthe Et So be vssl5utv SIgn,oml t5z5 PO hSVOtoic the teestkmenaz deiTgnto 5wh ferab E etbo fOle Of cftetoberochtWsetk QCb8 roudhes, on the fsdal e ffect of or4owig t road illo kh. Wongxte Thile,tgemrefome,t Q oninemPltw ft m Wan it,S bid4e to lodonb 50gei md to ge wbt bsWtbe MeWoximdb foO l-ee sDewe,* lnepesdo2 of ab deign fw7oUr teebankeie,2 o*of th Tacmes I begt Of Mite vthat, a lsg abshsi of 551k a an9 emba Met alroay teorthed boan d bo team We a etk d teu cftb.torteresthe eiwok g i owded the fugUaieo o. "3. Tbhait,sfriutmeete lo1gf exGcUtbqabliitee; thebl aa the r etes of t he lainaopole wbee opwe aso eto ftobe emssruete comaditur wthdrtile Thasneaembauk,dsnt.'babboiiDur nnSoo t20 OllLoa hftx$P14htrt. e .4 boaile lkeie rtaequseer eortbsearate metrooohJ ) itAcS h 'In eutimset on the eOEt of effectng the =uluroad 100 fet ide roasothe sthres embankme ntq o torem7e the feOm r cst erowded lte of the Ld40pobeand tboMaeWat w the epti ed cork-o Dlin throxuh thddiioe pk o u gaer be reque&gd teg Mem heilth an ecreio of to e tbAbeisti on tba mttrogol,. " 4. That a -oo - the foreStOine Inorm3Aloestioa slhac ben re cetved, radeoutateon iteonolis be Sse5d be onD estimat b oEt w tbe OM 0oU"ut"'0WO WOrkJ, RsM uponi tbe Ptdme yitr,o bible cot lnX utlon of thet fo!ai Aciligst,inog i and, to tonude, tneir sier o the future pcob afeciDn of the oep itg, through the eattso b t alec estwteof the sublt 0tents a ot tbe aetiopolal desated, tnd to obtain tor thdeb emut;ao tah Goereint c to reHreton ofeu ortashbthe ote me -Atiovo ln ermon. .,veg Mr. DThtANGER, iat oegoing ihe rmaofon, aaid a hat ib the resolutions wer e zietoA plabsto woIud bering udgt the Bo rd ou isL enoo, it waa Wter knowo t-he rlIere wans company prepbaed to cth r out tieoen n b nko ent oaf the Tharaenta is ire Metropoliten BfSd oef Wosao w6lta pncoul4se.tnem tO do so. Mr~ DIFrAHo,d there were any d oing t montaon dad a iea resolutions in ehich hc ar B rie theb wod unbeievoe 'a concurred; he did not wish, tlherefore, to ptLt a, neg&ftIv upon the motion, bast s ane thought it was' soneorthat ThrelD tuWe, he beged move that tc ot e motione-ot ot p Mr. OAPs Aere seconded tae previoins qitestion. The resolutions proceeded hpoe twea asumption Boat tue plang for a low-level sewer would be adopted; but in the report of the three Govermment engineers, 'which had been sent -to the Board by SirB. Hall, a low-level sewer on the south ide of theThanes wasaltogether ngaSived, Lieutenant.Colonti J'2DY replied that,in his opinion, this 'was the ost fitting time to bring forward his motion - because during the recess of Parliament they would be able to get together all the d'W necessary to the preparatfon of a well-matured plan, to be laid before Parliament early next tession. On A division the previous question was carried by A lRg msejorit; the origina! motion Was consequelitly not pu THE MAIN DnA=AGZ SCEZmZ. Mr. WAIGHT moved that the report of the referees on the ain draInage, toether with the plans, sections, and appendices there referred to, wben reoeived by the Bord, be referred to the engineer for a report. Mfr. LESLX seconded the motion. Mr. CARPML opposed the rnotion as beig prematu. Sir B. Eall had not yet dealt With the report nor with the plan B* which had been sent to him by the 3oard. lHe had a strong feeling that the plans and sections refered to would never reach them, because he believed that when Sir B. Hall looked into the report of the referees he would discover that the scheme they props involved a great fallacy, which could never be worked out. Sir Benjamin would consequently deal with it according tohis ownjudgmnent, without troubling the Board any more on the subject. He there. fore begged to move " that the motion be not put." Mr. f. TAXLom, in seconding the motion of Mr. Carp. ma,el observed it would be better that the law should tmak its course, and that Sir B. Hall should exercise his veto I'n pLmn B*L Let the First Commissioner reject their p1'n, and then the Board wrou ld bo in a fAlr position to epter again uEon the question in allits bearings. It wag not a 'wise policy for the Board to identify themselves with the report of the referee;, which, for ocght they new, mlight be rejected by Sir B. alal 'himself. On a div/ision tho previous question wras carried. THE VACA1T GROMOND IN ST. PAIUL'S CRURCRYjg. The Report of the Committee of Works and Improve. snents 'was received and ordered to be printed, In reference to the question whether it was desirable, as a maetropolitan improvement, that the whole or a porton of the vacant ground at the south-eaet corner of St. pag* Churchyard should be left open as suggested, the committee were of opinion that so much of the vcant ground s lay westward of a line drawn in extension of the front of St. Paul's school should be thrown open to the public for the improvement of the thoroughfares of that locality and likewise for the Improvement of the metropolih; but the COUumittee, for reasons assigned, could not recommend that any prtion of the purchase-moneyof the land in oqstion should becontributed by thu Mattronoitan R oaAnrCVw_._ CASXI ACCOUNT' Balanoe on cnxesnt ac onnt, Anust 17, IE67 .. 6,99 18 t t;echk drawn, but not presented .. .. . 443 4 4 Available balance .. .. .. .. . ,49 14 4 AOnUntof depbit acount .. . * , , bO,OCO O a Total genea balance .. .. .. 554%6 14 i A lter tlhe disposal of some other business of a routine character the Board adjourned.
SERGaANT3 AND THE GOOD COHDUCQ PAY WIARA NTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TnlES. Sir,-The letterof an "'Old Staff.Sergeant" will doubtless have attracted the attention of the Secretary of State for War. M-any ach letters lie on -y table, and many more Wml follow. It is vwell that the opinion of commissioned offcers as:to the effect of the new warrant (intended to correct the effect of the warrant of 16th of January, 1857) relting to sergeant's pay should be known. Thi 'wayrant is the fruitot the consideration of the subject promised to me 4 an early portion of thia seanon. A correspondent, ac competentr I believe, as any offlioer-in the array to form an opinion, wntes as follows - "Of course I reed the 'Staff-Sergeant's' letter. The warrant has been putinto ny hads ethis moment. It is not clear fron reading it whether it is intended that no Eergeaet while serving shall any longer draw good corduct py, which 'wa the case recently. I apprehend that this wrrant, however, does take away from all sergeants their good oonduct pay, bat enables them to add to their pension on discharge, whereby, as the ' Staf-Serge&at' observes, a perfectl wevll conducted sergeant, 'who has been made so beforehe wa. entitled to good conduct pay, will reap no benefit whatever. It wfll be worth while to a6k whether any sergeant, 'while serving as sergeant, is now entitled to drTw good cerdtict pay in addition to his sergeant's pay; for what was prin. cipally and 'with weason complained of wax, that some sergeants got good conduct pay and some did rot,-. viz, those who were made sergeants befos t$1;, were entitled to good conduct pay-that is, before they had served five years. My impression is still that all sergeants should have good conduct pay. A sergeaut can only be reduced by convictlon before a ourt-muatia, aun that faot deprives him of his good oonduct pay as well as re. duces him." You may recollect that these questions aisE oulof tohe operation of the above mentioned good conduct warmantos the 16th of January, 1857, which then first allo*ed sergeants, who had obtained An extra penny a-day r each period of five years' good conduct in the rpostioof rzntee to draw suth good conduct pay in addition to lull mergeaex pay. The effect of this was that old sergeAnta of the army of 20 years' standing and quite unblemished characer, -Who were promoted before they had acquired good conduct $y, received in some ases less by as much as 8d. a-dry * .1 others who, having temporarily forfeited their good 4qDn duct pay, had subsequently regained it aud been afterwards promoted to the grade of sergeant. Itis vory desirable that this matter should be definitIvely set at rest. Wben the subject 'was before the House of Commons testimony was borne to its great importance by ofilcers of the greatest distinction on both sidels in polidic. Many reiments are leaving cbr shores on their voage to India. it were a pity that tho sergeants whom Government obviously meant to benefit should bear with tbem, In addition to their accoutrement% a grievance in their kit. Yoinr oedient -av.a JON Se TRELAINY. Augus; Jo.6
MILITARY AND NA VAL INTBLIGENCE. Colonel Brace Is appoaited to the comnmand of the 2nd Battalion of the 1st Royals, and is to join the dep6t forth-. I with. Major F. x Forster (4th Dragoon Guards) haa bee', ap pointed extr aide-i-ecamp to his ExceUeny the Fs o Carlile, the Lord-Leutenant of Ieland. Yesterday the general court-martial for the tri3'A of ieau. tenant-Colonel J. Clae, lsS West Isila Regi ment, an. .emnbled at Chrtham Garrison. The Court having con eluded the re-examination of Captain J. Ti. Mends pro. ceeded to examime `aptaln J. nulay, L Lieutenant G. Chorm, and Lieutenant W. Hartziclk, lst West India Regimenut, in mpport of the prosection, r.lthough the whole ,o i1hose wtnesses were about being called by the prl. ose to =upport hs defence. TLe result of the examin&idon oY those wltnesses was that I letenant Thome aud Ileutnant sRBtick disprowed the, first charge a_aim t the E risonor-that d refuAing 'o embark on board the Perseiverase in command of tioop although it was alleged that 'he was detaiud in goner& orders to do so; and each of tho 'thee witnesses alr dhIsoved the fift charge, that the prsi soner had commnoai a mutiny by advising Captain Yslay ad Captiin Pearson not to obey the commands -of Colonel S. J.flilL This closed the case for the proseeou tion, and the priso-r then reaa a lengthened defence, in whichihe informedfhe Cotrt thatimmediately he ascertained that he was to be tried by co%rt-martial he hurried home from Af'; and, although he obtained an interview with the Adjutant-General, he failed in obtaning a hearing, the Adjutant- Generri stating that it was no use his saying anything. He iubmitted to the Court thAt he had been entrappea into makizg use of certain expressions in a conversation with colonel Hil as to what his opinions would 'be on a certain event (which had not taken place) on which a disobedienos of orders was assumed, and by an extraordinary hallucinati-n a mutiny was Improvise He distinctly disavowed to Colonel Hill all intentions of claim lng the command of thedetachments when the troops of the-2d West India Regiment were expecting to embark. His appointment to the Gambia arose out of a wanton aresslon on the part of Colonel Hill in removing him from the command of the dx conspanies of the regiment-the command of the left wing having been held by him for three years by general orders-and placing hiam in a subordinate position by procuring his being sent to Gamb2a on the untrue pretext of a disturbance there, and although there were at that time two field-officers In that colony. He submitted to the Court that Colonel Hill was actually prohibited from exerising any military jurisdiction in the Gambia, and referred to the letter of the commanding officer of his regiment, in which he (the prisoner) was considered the chief military authority in Africa. He wishedi to call the attention of the Court to the fact that he had written to the Horse Guards to ascertain his exact position, but the Court would not faU to be impressed with the fact that the answer to his letter was not recived by him until after the date mentloned in the charges, when it was handed to him by Colonel EIlL The prisoner then proceeded to comment on the circumstance that the original charges preferred against him several months ago had been altered a few days before the assembling of the court, and fresh charges substituted; also, on the important fact that Colonel Hiu, the prosector, had not been called as a witness by the prosecution, although his name was given him as the principal witness. On his first arrival at Sierra Leone he found Colonel HMll absent from the station employed making a king of one of the countries. The command at that time was held by Captain Pearson, notwithstanding that the witness Captain Mends had sworn he had the command. As soon as Colonel Hill returned he ordered the prisoner to quit his government, but no general order was issued. At a subsequent interview with Colonel Hill he informed prisonert hat he had no intention to entrap him, as he was not " so tricky." Colonel Clarke then referred to the letter he had written to Colonel HiU disavowing any intention of claiming the command of the 2d West India Regiment, and remarked on the fact that the Port Adjutant had stated that Colonel Hill would be glad tobe out of it. Unfortnately, owing to the melancholy death of the Brigade Adjutant Watson and Captain Pearson, he was unable to call those officers as witnesses. He would, however, humbly submit for the consideration of the Court that he did embark on the first opportanity after the order was given him-namely, on the 8th of March, in the same vessel he was ordered to, leaving behind his baggage and all his pzoperty, which had been entirely lost. He had spent nearly the whole of n long life in the service of Her Majety and her predecessors, and he left his case with oonfideneein the hands of the Court On the conclusion of the prisoner's address the Court adjourned until Monday, at 12 o'clock, when the exAmination of the numerous witnesses for the defence, among whom is MajorGeneral Sir G. A, Wetherall, K.C.B., Adjutant-General, who wil be one of the first witnesses called, will be corn. menced. The trial excites the greatest interest through Chatham garrison, and the court-martal room has been crowded, chiefly with officers, on each day. Yesterday Captain C. T. DL Plat's (the G) battery of Royal Artillery, numbering 170 horses and men, with six guns, and battery complete, left Chatham for Shornoliffe, where they are to be stationed. The following offlcers left with the battery :-Captain G. A. Wilkinson, Lieutenant W. Carey, LIeutenant J. C. Elton, and Lieutenant Dodson. The troops who have been formed into a corps for the purpose of proceeding to the Falkland Islands have been fully orgnised at Chatham Garrison, and are daily expecting the order for their embarcation. The corps islunder the command of Lieutenant C. C. Abbott, 75th Regiment, and each man takes his wife and children with him, for the purpose of assisting him in the cultivation of the land which will be allotted him in the colony. None but married men are allowed to joln the corps. During their stay in this - country the troops receive an allowance in lieu of free rations for themselves and families. The following officers have joined their Indian dep6ts at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham:-Captain G. B. Macqueen, 60th Royal Rifles; and Lieutenant S. T. Sargent, 43d Light Infantry, The Chesapeake, 51, screw-frigate, Commodore p. B. Watson, C.B., fitting for the East Indies, having completed her repairs at Chatham, was hauled out of dock, and yesterday proceeded as far as Folly Point, where she lies at anchor, for the purpose of taking in her powder snd shelL She has nearly completed her complement of seamen, numbering 500 men. The A troop of the Royal Horse Arillery, under order, for India, quitted the Ipsewich Barracks on Thursdaymorning in the presence of a considerable conconrse of people for Woolvwicb, where they will probably be detail ad for a month for refitment and, then proceed to the seat of insurrection under the oommand of Major Ward, who has superseded Colonel Henry, now connected with the Ridbg School at Woolwich. 500 men of the King's Dragoon Guards will embark this afternoon (Saturday) at Gravesend for Calcutta in the screw steamer City of Manchester. The following officers also embark :-Colonel Foster, Major Sayer, Captains Paynter, Bridge, [Bradbury, and Mitchell; Lieutenants Crewe, Marten, Wingfield, Sidnoy, and Cunningham; Cornets Marsland, Habback, and Levet; Dr. Jephson, Dr. Davidson and Assistant-Surgeon M'Shcehy, Paymaster Smith, Adjutant Wale and Quartermaster Bradbury. The andermentioned additional steam transports have been surveyed and chartered by theE&at India Board for the conveyance of troops from England-namely, the Queen of the South, 300-horse power, in the Victoria Docks. This vessel has undergone a course of effective altera. tion1 and repairs of engines and boilers, and is expected to sail to day (Saturday) for Portsmouth. The Ehersonese at Liverpool has been closely surveyed and pronoonced " all right." The Scotis, at Greenock, of 120. 1ore power, is ordered to procced to Portsmouth. The Bombay Castle, at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, has been rejected, as too smalL Her Majesty's screw steam vessel Snake, 4, a ordered to be supplied with new bollers from the factory At Woolwich. The paddlewheel steam frigate Firebrand has been ordered down to Woolwich from Deptford to have her shafts and paddlewheels removed to enable her to enter the Deptford dock, where she is to undergu shipwright's repairs. Lieutenant-Colonel Strange's C troop of Royal Horse Artillery commenced their march yesterday from the encampment at Aldershott for Ireland. The officers of the Civil Service Depatmxent at Woolwich 'are about to hold a meeting for the purpose of adopting a resolution to present a suitable memorial to the Right Hon Lord lNa", in appreciation of the signal services rendered by his Lordship to the civil service body during the reent contest in Parliament on the superannuation claim. Various proposals have been introduocd on the subject of the individual amount of subscrlption necessary for carrying out the intention with the dignity becoming the stablishment * ffected; one of which Isto hand over the firstquarterly stm formerly deducted as ' superannuatio, mo.e.y by Govern*net. This sum, accordig to official stics will form a toal of nearly 20,000g. 'The U-rracouts, 6 guns, paddlawoeel steam aleop, Coa_ nasper;Tiroimas D. A, Portesque, was Paid off at Sheerness yesterday. She has been in commission since December, 1852. The MalaccA, ;7 guns, screw stam sloop, has been tken into the basin at gLeerneEs to he stripped; her stores (as a first-claus reserve itean 8100p) are to be returned into store, A*,d shehis to be placed in OhBsecond clas ateamn reserve until ber pew boif-. i are ready. 1b9e Pappie 4 glnnD, gAaiTp ship, Captain John Fulford, ar.been put out of fIefitting bia itS heernes thd Is dered to be redy foree^ In u O &s. The Russell, 60 guns screw 3: m rhip, has b%h akea Into the fitting basin at Shesxess. The new sorew steam ship Renown, e1 gftn is Under. going alterations in No. S dry dock at Shearneas The following appointmexts were na&e ytstezd&y at Ue Admiralty:- Edwrd Kau-der, raster, to the Diadem; J-,. Rorle mate to the Rogue; R P. Fitgerald, Maft to the Mohawk; sm-ueTowel PiymDsst to the Diadme; Russell ill, clerk to the Diadem ; Watsn W. Parater, asistmit-clerktotheI-auni; Jobn J& Andrew, assistantdlerk to the Waterloo Richard WVil s -M-lsttderk to the Diadem.
fHE GREAIT HORTHIMRM PWLWAY ACOIDBN2. TO THE EDI1R OF TBKE TIMES. Sir,-As I observed inyour columns of Saturday and Monday last, in yur acuouwt of the frightful railway accident, which occurred at midaight on Thursday, the 13th, on the Great Sorthern Railway, that yoe were misled in stating that all the psssengere except those left at Cazlton and RBtford pursaed their respective journeys, I beg to correct this mistake, as n-alf and family, en route for Aberdeen, are detained here, at this hotel, owing to the severe injuries tha some of my party have received. At Retford we waited 20 minutes in the cloak-room among the packages (our carriage hasing been shifted from the " down" to the up Wstation to move the ladies out more easily, as they were helpless), in the hop of getting a conveyance to the hotel there, where I thankfully looked forwrd to getting assitance and aid. The agony the ladies endured alI this time was ratly increased from having nothing to recline on, and theV remained ahivering in their wet clothes, withot bonnets or shwls, all having been lost, myself and whole family havi been immersed in the water and covered with wet sa the features even of some of their faces being scarcel' discernible, and with no fire or anything hot to be obained from the refreshment room, hichl was stlll open. No carriage ariving, I began to tbnk it a hopeless case, and to fear we might fail In getting accommcdation. I therefore ail myself of the train, which wa still at the down station, to get on here, where we arrived at 7.30 am. having bee from midnight till then In our miserable plight and wet clothes, which much increased the sad suffering of the ades. -My invalids aro still confined to their beds under medicl treatment, but we are truly thankfinl to have escaped wth our lives, for a more appng scene cannot be Imagied than it wvas. Iu midnight darkness and pouring rain, we were struggling to recover ourselves from what seemed a drowing ate, I groped about in the water, and rescued my Infant, and my son in the same way saved his lttle sister. The hand of God alone saved us from destruction in that awful night. I have sinoe passed over the ground on my to way to London, stiff and sore, to look after my luggage, and was amazed on seeing the debri in daylight that any of us survived such a total smash as we were i. Surely It was being reckless of life to proceed at thegreat speed we were going at in such a night and over 'do~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~s froud We are truly fortunateiubeingInsuch good quarters as we are here, where my family have and sre sUll recelvlng the greatest attention and every kIdndness from the propnietor, hMr. Holiday, and his excellent wfife. I remain. Sir. vein- n1wMa,,* ,rvn-,., I , R--. .. - ~ - - EDWARD MAITLAND. -MA,vv v At X v, MUgoI1U'. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIME. Sir,-I felt much annoyed at reading in your paper, regarding the late railway asident near Carlton-onTrent, on the Great Northern line, that medical aid did not arrve tMll fou hours afterwards. I 'was speCoaly sent for, not being an official, but the nearest surgeon. On umping out of bed I found the time a quarter past 1 a loget Into the saddle usually occupies ten minutes, and, the distance being but a mile and a-half, I was at Canton at a qiurter to 2 am.; and after attending to the wounded arrvals proceeded, crtainot with reater dela than half au hour, tothe eat of aident, which I reached, afrter being many timea up to my knees in water, about half-past 2 am. - but, owing to the dismal night and anjmediate supply oi help notbeing at hand, could not remove those badvy injured for about an hour, though I rendered what help, in imy capaity, could then be desirable. I fael inclinea to state that Mr. Grylls, the stationmaster, also acted not only withprndence but much promptness In the affair. A. G. IL BUCKE.Y, A]b ;4q A.- uDiWIuOuu-iJen=, NewarkJ NOtt8.
SoTAmPTON Friday Evening-(By Eleetric and International Telefe2h).-The screw steamer Petropolis, Captain Paulsen, ved from Hamburg at 8 p.m., and leaves for Lisbon and t'he Brazils on Monay. Her Majesty and the Prince Consort paid a visit to Netley Hospital this evening- the only intimation of tha fact here was conveyed in two rloyal salutes fired from the Melampus frigate, the first about half-past 6 o'clock, and the second abot 7. ATrZmITD MuRDir rw MnmaexK PtRsow.-One I of the subwarders of this prison narrowly escaped assassina- tion yesterday, at the hands of a penal class oonvict named James Gorman, who has already, in other prisons, made two attemapts to murder offieers under whose charge he has been placed. Tho convicts at Milbank attend Divine service in classes at the prson chapel every moming. Only a limited number of penal cass prisoners are permitted to be present at one time, owing to the inown desperate chter of these crlminasl Yesterday four men of this s-out of a total of some 20 prisoners-were conducted to the chapel in charge of Warder Wilkie and Assistant-warder Be i,on. On leaving the chapel, and while passing donan an gie of the pentagon staircase, one of their num'cer, James Gorman, made a desperate attack on Bevlngton with an open metal weapon, telling him to the ground, and inflicting injuries which, in all probability, if they do not prove faAl, will seriously injure the unfortunate man for life. Gorman was third in the rank, and just as he was turning the angle of the staircase leading from the chapel he rushed forward and dealt a desperate blow at the upper part of Bevington's person. The misreant had a sharp weapon in his hand, which entered the warder's face over the cheok bone, and, traversing the fleshy part of the face, came out through the mouth under the upper lip. The conviet was seized bv Wilkie and other offilcers while the weapon was still in his hand, and, baving been secured, was presently placed in a strong celL The reddent surgeon of the prison, Mr. Savory, was immediately summoned to the wounded man, and the most approved means adopted to stanch the bleeding. The noor fellow suffered agonizing pain from the severity of bis wound, and is still lying in a precarious state. There seems to have been an absence of all reasonable motive for the attack, inasmuch as Bevington had only taken charge of the penal class since Tuesday last. - It is gen l ~suipposod the attack was intended for his co-warder, Wiki, who, although an excellent officer, has obtained the illwill of the oonvicts by a determination to carry out the discpline of the prison. 'The weapon used by the assassin was a piece of iron hoop, worked into something Me the blade of a knife, and strongly bound by waxen thread into a wooden handle. The circumstance was immediately reported to the Home Secretary, and in the course of the morning Captain O'Brien, one of the Inspectors of Prisons, attended at Milbank and instituted an investigation into the affair. Captain O'Brien's report will be forwarded to Sir George Grey, who, under the provisions of the new Act of Parliament, has the power to commit the convict to Newgate without the intervention of any magisterial inquiry. The penal class oonvicts are the worst description of prisoners, and are received at Milbank as incorrigibles from all parts of the country. Gorman is one of the worst of this degraded body. He was originally convicted in a mid. land county, and sentenced to some light punishment, while undergoing which he attempted to sab an offioer of the prison, and on tril for this offence was sentenced to 14 years' transportation. In due ooumse he came to the Model Prison at Pentonvlle, where he again attacked and brutally aaulted one oftheofficers. Porthls offenoehewas transferre to the penal clas of prisoners, and sent to Milbank about four months ago. His conduct has been desperately bad since his admission, and it is understood that his latest crime has not excited much surprise among the authorities of the prison, the wretched man having only a few days since assured the reverend chaplain that " he would do for some of them before long." How TO DTc-r MuRDER-The astonishing and intensely interesting fact was recently announced in the English papers of a discovery tbat the last iae formed on the retina of the eye of a dying person remains impressed upon it as on a dtguerrean plate. Thus, It was alleged that if the last object seen by a murdered person was his murderer, the portrait drawn upon the eye would remain a fearful witness In death to detecttheguilty and lead to his conviction. A sries of experiments have recently been made by Dr. Pollock, of Chicago, as we learn from the Demw1-Gatic Press, to test the correctness of this statement. %In each experiment that Dr. Polck has made he has found that an examination of the retina of an eye with a microscope reveals a wonderful as well as a beautiful sight, and that in almost even instance there was a clear, distinct, and marked impression. We put these facts upon record, in the hope of wakening an interest in the subject, that others may be induced to enter upon these interesting experiments, and the cause of science advanced. The recent examination of the eye of J. H. Beardsley who was murdered in Auburn, conducted by Dr. Sandford, corresponds with those made elsewhere. The following is the published account of the examination :-At first we suggested the saturation of the eye in a weak solution of atr'pbine, wbich] evidently produced an enlarged state of the pupil. On obs'rving this. we tonched the end of the op=o nerve with the extract, when the eye instantly became protuberant. We now applied a powerful lens, and discovered in the pupil zhe rde, worn away hgure of ei man, with a light coat, beside whom was a round stone standing or suspended in the air, with a small handie stuck as it were in the. :.earfim. The m mainder was dbiis, evidently lost front the destruncuon of the optic and its separation from the mother brain. Had we performed this operation when the eye was entire in the socket, with all its powerful connexiou with the brain, there is not the least d44b0 that we should have detected the lat ide.oMd impresson madeon the mind and eye of the unfortunate man. .1l'b thing would evidently be entire; and perheps we. sho* bave had the contour, or, better still, the et4C' fignrw6 thb muzderer. The last impressiion be. fore deatk. 1S 4*yg more terrible on the braX from fear thanfzm yotherause, and fgures mreed on the pupl mre at]S,wh.:ch we attribute totb thl enessof the OptiC nerve xid lb, free commnuioation with thXe btrin.- .IVcw York QkiiT-vcr
RAILWAT INTBULLaEGc - EASTER COUNTIES. The half-yearly meeting of this eompany was heI yesteday at the London Taverm; Mr. L. Love in the chair. The report, an abstract of which appeaved in le Tim , was taken as rea The CEMiAtam, in moving the adoption of the report, entered at considerable loagth into matters oonmected with the affairs of tlie oompany. The first point to which he alluded was that rela ting to receipts and expenditure; upon thoso hin*d the pcsperlty of the company. If they were to compar the receipts of their undertaking during the pest hal-year with any other metropolitan railway company whoae receipts had been pubished they would find that the London and North-Western had 65,0001. hncresed reoeipts, with 34,0001. additional expenses. The Groat Western, 64,0001. increase; 67,0001. increased expenses. The London and South-Western, 21,0004 decrease; 7,9001 additional expenses The London and Brighton. 6,0001 increase; nearly 6,0001. additional expense. The Eastern Countles, 25,0001. increae of receipts, and 14,0001. decrease of expenses. (Cheers.) He had no wish to take any metit to themselves in simply performing what they believedto be a duty in haudling the property for the gooa of the shareholders; but it was some satisfaction to find that that had resulted in a sucoess which no other of the metropolitan railways had attaine With regard to the capital account, that -as the great and the vexed uletien, as it affected the interests of 3ailway proprietors% For a long series of years they knew that from one canse or another their capital had been increased, and, 'with that increase, the holders of con0olidated stock had had to bear an increase in the charge for interest to be paid for that oapital, which had gone on increasing half-year by half-year. He was happy to tell them that for this half-year the tide had turned. With regard to the interest account, they had received from the bankers nearly 4,0004 this half-year; and that was as much as they had reoelved takinv the eight half-years previously altogether. (Hear, hear., The prosperity of any company depended on the way In whichtheaccounts once createdwere treated, either bypublic companies or privateindividuals. It had been the practioe, and was still the practice, with many railway companies, to have very large credit -ccounts open, and the conse. quence was that they were liable first to loass arising from had debots, and, independently of that, they were liable to very considerable losses in consequence of their not having their capital at their bankers' to employ, instead of raising money, as at present, at very high rates of inerest. Their object had been to diminish credit as much as possible; and they would see by the report the whole amount existing was not more than three weeks' goods traffic over the whole of the line- and one of those weeks was the week ending the 30th of J!une, which must of necessity be uncollected, Taking the Midland, their credit account was four times what theirs was. (Hear, hear.) In conseauence of the very large expenditure which it was necessary to incur to put the line in order, the company expended within the last two years the sum of 176,0001., and there remained at the end of the year a chare of 112,0001. as against the company, to be paid thereafter out of the revenue Ding the la2t half year that had been reduced by the sumn of 21,0001., conssting of 8,0001. materials on hand; 5,0001 by unclaimed dividends, part of which had been paid, and others which would never be claimed; and 8,0001 set apart out of income for this half-year, being two-fifths of 20,OOU, leaving now only 91,0001, to be provided for. They had caused every expese regarding either locomotives or the perranent way to be borne during the half-year by revenue. They had not Iadded one farthing as regarded the permanent way fund to the debit of the account, but, on the contray, had taken 8,000. from it. He congratralted them on the state of their locomotive account, They had the good fortune to have a gentleman who was incessant in his attention to the subject; and during the last half-year, out of revenue, they had sub. stantially repared 127 of their engines, 785 of their carriages, and 2,000 waggon stock. Every'penny of this had gone as a charge against revenue during the last half-year; and they were saved from the necessity of being hereafter called upon to pay interest upon any sums that should be properly borne by revenue and charged to capital account. During the half year the company had run daily, exclusive of Sun days, 44,520 orains; of w ch 22,228 had been to a minute of their time; 9,616 had been within five minutes of their time; and out of the whole number only 3,500 had been between five and 15 minutes berond their time. Those trains which had been partic-ly late only averaged 1 in 1,600. They had 52 trains in the hallyear more than 15 minutes late, and that was not more than 1 in 1,000 of the whole number. (Cheers.) With regard to the coal trade a principle had been laid down by the directors that all partles should be dealt with fairly, equally, and evenly. No respect paid to one person more than another, or to one place more than another,; whether it be an Inland place or a seport all persons applying for train acoommodation should be treated alike under the same circumstances. (Hear.) That course had been favourable to the company, and he had no doubt whatever that it would continue not only as a soure of advantge, but of profit to them, because with the same amount of business the return would be greater to the company, and would diminish the worldng expenaes. (Hear, hear.) They had settled a very difficult question with their neigh bours and paitners, the Eastern Union Company, There had been an old sore for several years as to a sum of 6,0001., which they claimed. That had been settled by adjustment for A,8001. out of the pockets of the com y as a condition preoedent to any treating for a renewa of the loa that it was necessary to make. They have dealt with another very difficult subject in an advantageous manner, and settled a esueston, which was a vexed one, with regard to the Norfolk Company. A short time ago 760001. was charged as gainst the capial of the Eastern CountaesCompany for work done on the Norfolk line. Afterwards it was taken out of that account and debited to the Norfolk Company. Deputations from each board met and went into the question, and the result was that the Norfolk Company agreed to pay back to the Eastern Counties Company 50,000, and the remainlng 26,0001 was to be considered as advanced for the coke ovens at Lowestoft, and the land on which the works had been made should be handed over to the Eastern Counties Company, and by that means the question was settled. The coke ovens were a part of the works intendea by the assodated companies, and the interest arisng from that would be a charge on the consolidated fund of the three comgnies, and so coat the Eastern Counties Company nothug, while It got back the 50,0001 from the Norfolk Company and settled for ever a question which might have led to litigation. With regard to the London and Blackwall Company importat aterations had been made as regarded the rate at which pasengers should be carried over the Bow Junction. In round figures, from nearly 2d. to 3d. or 8id. they had reduced the charge to anuniform rate of lid. It was extremely important to this company that that charge should he simple and not excessive. They are greaty inconvenienced at Btshopegate for want of room; in fact, it was almost impo6sible at times to perform the service. This would be enabled to take many of their trains on the Blackwall line, and deliver fish within a short distanoe of Billingsgate. It would not be attended with any expense to them, because there was always a charge for terminals, and it would enable them to make such rates that they should not feel it at all. (Hear, hear.) He then adverted to arrangements that had been entered into for working the WelLs and Fakenham line. The line was 10 miles in length and would bring trffic to them. The arrangements with the East Suffolk were in no respect detrimental to the company. They involved no outlay of capital, and it was probable that the East Suffolk would become a feeder to their line, They would be allowed a smali portion of the through traffic coming from Yarmouth or Lowestoft over their line to London. But as regarded the traffic goin north of Peterborough there would be no allowance. need not point out to them the Kreat advantage of getting rid of competition in the district The traffic waa increasing between Harwich and Holland, and whatever was brought over the line to London they were paid for, and were not lable for any contingency whatever. He then advorted to the BIll promoted by the Post-office authorities aud its defeat for the present by the united efforts of shareholders and directors in various railway companes, He complained of the pressure arising from the exorbitant rates and txes imposed uponrailway companies, and also with regard to the unfairness of charging a duty of 5 per cent. on the conveyance of passengers without any regard to the expense of working the trffic. The duty inl most cae amounted to l0 per cent, on the net receIpts, and in others to a much higher amount. The directors had decided on consolidating the paid-up shares of the company into stock. Mr. Tozisi remarked that the mortgage debt had been increased by 65,0001. The COAxr said there was another matter which had not been noticed; they had 300 0001. at their bankers, and they had not less than 250,0001. on deposit. He concluded by moving the adoption of the report. Mr. lims seconded the motion, and in doing so exressed his approval of the coune ador by the directors, ae thought they had endeavoured to place the railway in a better condition than it was ever in be ore Mr. McLAuRisi conddered that the East Suffolk agree ment required to be explined in detai. There should be some provision for the iterest on the oost of working stock, which was an item that it appeared was generally disregarded. Their worling stock had cost 3,0, a nd he estimated the icos of interest alone under thee a'reoment with the Norfolk and Eastern Union companies at 2 r,0001. a- year. He hoped they would not commit the same blunder in the agreement with the East Suffolk Company. He thought the stores account might be exhibited to the pronrietors in a clearer and dm-pler form, so that they might readily understand it. Mr. Tozsi hoped their bankers balance would be re duced. He did not approve of increasing their mortgaga debt for the p e increasing the balnce at the bankers. He had no objection to the laudowners of East Suffolk making a railway at their own cost, but he hoped none of the responsibility attending that course would be taken off their hands by the company. He hoped they would take upon themselves the responsibility of maintaining the permanent way, and that the company would have nothing to do with it. ith regard to theintended amalmasion o the three companies, he hoped if they were agreed upon it that it would soon be carried into effect. They would never b 3 prosperous until the interesfs of the parties were identiosal (Hear, hear.) After some further observations. The CirAnstA.N explained some of the advantagM they would derive from the East Suffolk lines in working the Yarmouth and Lowestoft traffic, bat he evaded giving any details with regard to the terms of the working arrangemena between the two companies le concluded by recomnmending the meeting to adopt the report. Aresolution adopting the report aud statement of accounts was carried nanimously; and a dividend of 5s. per shara was declared payable on the 31st inst. Mr. Box proposed an inreae of remuenerationL to the diretors, but objeted iothe directorsrepresenting the East Angaand Northernand Eastern Companieson the board iu the allowanes grutedl to the board by the rnountis COmDPany, There were five Northern and asta diect to Et an uad eight BaserA Conrtiea.. He proposed thA th remunera1oc ahould hb 3QO. ateM r for ea of the eight directors, eleced bj the Eastern wC1ounttes Compny, the other eeion directors to receive %,btion of it: The X Aanglian Board wera allowed for' annualexpses, and the Northern and Eastemn I,GQOb a-"ear. Th e s.AX tho t they bad better defer the que. tiom tit the next meeting. It appeared from atements by Mfr. Paterson and Mlr. L. SdP6on, directors of the East Anglian and Northern and Eastern Company, that one portion of the board took the S share of the remunerat on; and that out of 9004., the Eastern Countiee allowanoe for the half-yerr, Mr. Paterson bAd received 324, and Mr. sinpson 294 Mr. BRUou, chairman of the East Anglian, sell that he had informed the shareholders by Public advertisement that he would reoeive no remuneration from the Estern Counties Company for his attendance at the board. The CHAIRMAN explained that the remuneration wa divided among the members of the board in proportion to the number of attendanoes at the board, and also on committees, those who attended board meetings rcoeived so much, and those who attended on committee8 so much for each attendance Mr. NORRLI a director, contended that it was a question for the directors to decide as to the disposal of the remune. ration, It was eertainly not worth acceptance, and ho was sorry to see the harmony of the mneeting interfered with by such a question. The meeting then separated. SOUTH WALES. The half-yearly meeting of the company was held yester. day at the Great Western Hotel, Paddington, Mr. C. R. M. Talbot, ILP., in the chair. The renort xtated that the traffic receipts during 'he half. year ending the 30th of June last amounted to 170,067, and the expnses to 102,8771. In comparing these receipts and expenses with the like receiPts and expenses d ng the corresponding Period of 1856, it appears that the receipts are increased by 19,295t, and the expenses by 15, 61. The increase in the receipts arises chiefly under the head of goods trafac. The increase in the workeing expenses OCtcuS in the charges for rolling stock, and ander the heads of carrying account and geleral chges. A considerable increase occurs also in the expenses during the last half-year of maintenance and repair or waggon stock belonging to the South Wales Railway Company, nda oonsequent Uiminution is caused in the balance available for distnbution amongthe proprietors. A sum of 5,0004 Is de- bited to revenue on aount of the outlay which is being in. curred in substituting the ordiunry description of rails for the Barlow rals between Landore and Loughor. This altera. tion wUIl Involve a further charge upon revenue during the next three or four half-years, but dvantage will be derived from it by diminished expenditure in respect of mainteniace for the future. The balanee of 55,24%7 vwll admit of the payment of a dividend for the half-year upon the ordinary stock (after providing for the dividends on the pre. ferenoe stock and shares) at the rate of 3 jper cent. per annum, leavig a balance of 1,2091. to be carned forward to the next half-year. Of the expenditure of capital during the half-year, amounting to 105,6991., about 65,00l. ha been espended in the layng of the second liue of rails be. tween armarthen and ilfordHaven. Ths work bAs bee; completed, and the line was opened for traffic on the 1st of July last he opening of the second line between these theeget tezGra wetBri@ te rmas of the a,reeinent pints wil bring mtorprationthtensote emt orleatothOrea estrn Railway Company, in respect of the whole line bosween Grange Court and 1ilford Haven and the fixed rent payable by that company wll beincresed from the 1st of Jly to 46,0001. a-year. The traffic between Milford Haven and Waterford continues to progress satisfatorily. Cork and Watarford are brought by means of steam within 10 and eight hours' distance respectively of Mlilford Haven. An abdtrat of the accounts has appeared in 2We Times. The CiuiR.A?f, in movlng the adoption of the report, raid he was sorry that on this ocasion It had been found ne1cessary to reduce the dividend from 4 per cent., declared lest half-year, to 3j per cent, per annum. The proprietors would not be at any lees to acccount for this diminution, b)eause they had nothing to do but to turn to the second page of the accounts, where they would find that the total working expenses of the company amounted to more than 60 per oent., the charge for the supply of rolling stock (ner Sir W. Cubitt's award) by the Great Westerni Comn- any being 35 per cent. (hbora hear) ; so that the South Wales traffic, which should be carried on more cheaply than that of any railway In the kndom, cost probablyy more in its working than that of any of our railways. The award expired on the 30th of June last. The present StRate Of the quetion wos this-that having given notice to the Great Western to proceed to a new award, that company bad appointed their locomotive superintendent, Mr. Daniel Gooch to be their champion, and the South Wales Comi pasy had appointed on their behalf their secretary, Mr. Wederik Saunders. Mr. Saunders would meet Mr. Gooch under more favourable circumstances than those under which he met him on the previous arbitration, On that occason Mr. Saunders was ignorant of many of the details of the worling of the raUlway, but with which he was now quite familiar. An arbitrator was to be appointed by the Board of Triade and he believed the gentlemnb who would be calld upon to undertake the duty was Captain Galton, It was too frequently the complant of railway proprietors that an augm entation of receipts w generally acompanied by a diminution of dividend, and tharefore t wold be weltoinvestig te whether theincreas of receipts on the South Wales line was likely to produe a din'nution of net proBt. For himself, he would say he had no fear of such a result. He thought the developement of their traffic w&s sound and progressive; their line passed through a large manufacturing distct, and now tuat it was in oonnexion with Ireland hs felt that the trafffio was likely to be increased to a considerable extent. He had rcntly visited the port of Waterford, and gone over the Wteord and Limerick line, and it would be well worthy the time and trouble of any shareholder to pass over it in order to see the wonderful fertility of the district, from which, no doubt, looking at the steam communication betwes n Waterford -a d Milford Haven, the South Wales Company would derive considerable advantages. It was right he should observe that at Waterford they came finto competition with other ports, and, of course, it did not follow tbat the whole of the traffic between that port and Londost would come upon the South Wales line. There Were three or four steamers running to London, and there was competition both at Liverpool and Bristol; therefore the South Wales CompAny could not hope to monopolize the trade betweesl London and Waterford. There waas, however, every reason to believe that the South Wales Company would have a very large increase of traffic between Waterford and ilfordf Havein As to the accommodation at Nayland, he was at issue with their respeted engineer, Mr. Brunel, for he (the chairman) could not see that at that point there would be any difficulty in providing means for the proper management of the traffic, and his wish was that at NaylLnd the same accommodation that had been provided by the corpo- ration of Waterford could be afforded. The expense that bad been incurred at Nayland was large, and the accom mo dation limited and ill adapted for the Pu-rposes which it was desdrable ghould be carried out. Theg directors Ioped in a short time to remedy the asrted difficulties, though~ for himself he thought theile were no difficulties at a The large expense incurred in removing the Barlow rails was one cause of the diminution of dividend. The directors who had taken into consideration the coet of maintenance of way where the Barlow rail was laid down had determined to remove it from the whole of the line. This was being done, and during the past half-years revenue ther had been charged on this account 5,0001. The chairman then referrd to the attempt that had recently been made in the House of Commons to compel railway companies to perforam the post-office service at what might be very fairly deemed unremunerativo rates of charge, and said he hoped that as the attempt would no doubt be renewed next sesdon the railway proprietors of the country would, to the utmost of their power, impress upon those Parhamentary members with whom they had influence the justice of resisting the threatened perpetration o f so gros a injustce uo n ra ilwaay property."Ho then moved th e e re Tcepion a doption of the report and accounts, The motion having been seconded, A PBOPBIETOB regretted to find that so la-ge a umm as 600001 had been charged against revenue for renewals of the Barowral, uthethogh tey adtothank Mr. Srnnel for its introduction, onsiderable discussion took place upon the charge of the Great Western Company for working the line. The CHsiMAS sad there was no doubt the charge was three or four times as much as the ordinary expense of lootive working, and he might obeerve that while the South Wales Comany were being charged upwards of 35 per cent. the Great Western Company charged themselves only 9 anid 10:r cent. under the same head. roet and acconts were then adopted. Mr.G. Brown was eleted an auditor, and th proposed dividend having been deelared a cordial vote of thanks to the chairman and directors closed the proceedings. GREAT WESTRN AND BRIENTORD. The half-yearly meeting of this company has held yesfterdaay at the offices, 27, Great George-street, Westminste, tiscount Villiers in the chair. The epot, hic wasrea byMr.C. ELZr, jUsL, the sBshei that the Bill introd ucdd nto Parliament drdurin present seslsion for an increase of capital to the amount of 45,0001. had passed without opposition;, that eveverondeavour had ben used to secure the opening of tho line withl as litte delay as possible, and that that ohjQct arould no doubt be accomplished in a few months8 The conn fidence originally entert inted inthe ovalue of the property as a Commeria undertaking oontinued undiminished- and the following extract from the last report of the directors of the Great Western RAilway was appende as an evidence of the position it was i ikely to occupy:-" Although the Brent. ford Raawayand Dockeare under construction by anindependent company, without contribution of capital from this company, it cannot he superfluous to advert to that undertaking as one of te g test importance to the Great Western Inteests it profr vide cheap and prompt men of railway conveyance for all havy tra3!o passing to the river Thames or destined for the docks in the port of London, For coals and minerals it will prove invaluable, Inasmuch as the wan' of a river whaf, especiy for the steam coals from South Wale, has been severely felt, and the competition for nimy cther branches of trade has been greatly ostrAucted by the absenoe of better means of access to the Thames." The acm unts showed that 5, 500Z0 ha been exnded, The CH&ssw, in moving the adoption of the report and accounts, observed that they had been compeUs d tO to ParliAment in order that they m ight be enabled to r accommodation for the traffic which was so rapidly increasing upon the lines that cams down to the Great Wester and Brentford, for they had felt that to open their line without sucaiaccommodation. would only be to convert a profitable into an unprofitable undertaking. He had no doubt that when next they met he should be able to congratulate them upon having oonnected the Mersey and the'Thames by one uninterrupted line of railway. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DAY, in senonding the motion, expressed bis conviction that no project could be devised more likely to testrer the falen fortunes of the Great Western aiw,; than this line from Southall to Brentford. He PerCev that a gentIlean had been 'writing to Tke Times under the sistnature of "Investigator," stating tha t Wesearn ought to have a line to the city an d the docks but nmt b1 waa of Prentford. How then wol hewo go suprposd byVte Met opoitnE wy..-tbe "e ' Salt Was called, and the Vae oh the leet, er how w they to arrive at the desre goll He belive that in no wayuldtheygo so ebaply or so weU as by the Brentbord pzailway Their workwere arwly completed, and .t hewspruddta h rject would poentls remunerative to the hareholdes than advaua us to the Great Western Compay. (Hear, bea.) The motion was unanimousy agreed to. Votes of thanh were P with acclmtion to the secretaryand to the cba.rman, and the prooeedinp ter. NORTH-EASTERN. The half-yearly imeeting of th is cormpany waa held yesterday at York r.H. S. Thopmnson, the chairman, prsiding. The report, an abeht of which hu appered in 2e Times, taken aswas read. The CHAiRxA, in mnoving the adoption of the report said that that report was by far the most satidsactory they had ever been able to lay before the thueholderm The increase of dividend wa in some small measr due to the payment of 13,475., the amount of arrears on &cconnt of the conveyance of mails Instead of paying at the rate of 5 mcr cent. this half-year, to the Berwick ection of ahLreholkfers of 4 peroent. to the York ahareholders, and of 2 per oent, to the I*ed shareholders, which the directors felt were fair and proper dividends, they could, if they wished to bave given a sAdden inflation to the apparent value of their line, bave paid 6 per cent. to the Berwick, 6 per cent. to the York, and 3 per cent. to the Leeds sections of sharoholders They, however, thought it much more prudent to declre the dividend they bad done. He then alluded to the increase of traffic in the various departments, to the further increase which they expected to arise, and justified the measures which the directors had from time to time radoptedtodevelopethetrafficintheyarious diffticbtraversed by their lines. He also supported the propriety of ha a contingent fund to the extent of 50,000., and with re to the disbursements the propects on the side of reductio^ were more favourable than on the aide of increae Ia fact, the whole of the property of the oompany was in an extremely sound and satisfactory oondition. (Applause.) Mr. Alderman lxmAxA, vice-chairman of the company ieconded the adoption of the reporL In re,Ply to MKr. CHT3mPI; The CHAnLNux stated that although a branch line might not pay very well of itself, still it was often of importanos as a feeder to the mainline. Ie admitted that the Midland Company had renewed debentures at 4Q per cent., but this oompany had also renewed at 4J and 4per cent The exact rate of interest depended viry much upon the precise period a which the renewals were made. Mr. SMTi approved the contingency faund to some extent, but ued that a railway company had no business to have bad dets. The CHAntxt, In reply, showed that occasionally the company were obliged to take cceptanoes, and if the persons giving these failed, of ooureo the company must suffer the loss. Mr. Sisnes made some remarks in referenoos to the recent serious accidents which had ocourred on the North-EAstern line, contending that when such accidents arose from the negligenoe of any of the company's servants they should be made an example of by inaont d iwchdrgea The CHAIR3uN thought that Ite enough was xaid nd done about ccidents when they didocur. After some discusion, the report was adopted. The CHACRMA then movet the dividend resolution for 5.. per oent, per annum on the Berwick stock, 4. on the York stook, and 24 on the Leds stock, payable on the 27th inst. Mr. Alderman LIntI, in seoonding the motion, congratulated the shareholders on the very agreeable change which had taken plaoe in the position of the company's affairs within the last fewyears. The resolution was carried. The rmeeting was then m&detaecial, and two resolations were carried, one to *nable chs ompany to purchase the Dearness Valley Bailwy, and the other to subscribe 8,000D. towards the construction of the North Yorkshire and Cleveland Railway. A vote of thanks to the chairman ooncluded the pro. ceedingsF NORTH YORKSHIRE AND CLEVLAND. The half-yearly meeting of this oomn W held at York yesterday. The report stat tht the nlie s opened from 'lokton to Stokedey in Xmch la The Whorlton branch was also opened for trffic at the same time and the arrangements for working the iron ore at Swainbylhave progressed so fr as to admit of its putial development Those arrangements are now fast advancing to completion, when the working of the iron ore on this branch will be brought into fnU operation. Up to the present time the traffic has been worked by the North-Eastern and West Hartlepool Companies The revenue account shows the ross tffic receipts during the four months worklng to have been 1,2691, and the working expenses 7204, leaving a balnce of 5491, which Is equal to 2 2-5ths per oent, pr annum on 68,0004, the cost of that portion of the line which is now In operation. The directors6 however did not recommend that sum to be dividea at present. The works upon the secon from Stokeeley to Kildale re now ra pidly approching completion, and a branch is being formed by the leesees of the Ingleby iron ore, which wrill be completed cimnultanecnsly writh the maln line to Ingleby. During the past half-year the expenditure on account of capital had been 24,1431, making a totsl to June 30 of 96,6021. The receipts amomnted to SOUTH EASTERN, The report of the directors of this company has just been issued. The gross reoeipts for the half-year ending the 31st of July last amounted to 502,5234, the working expenses to 197,0091, the rates, taxes, andGovernment fdaty to 35 ,0341, theworklng of the steamboats to 18 0494 leavinvg fter paying all prference chages, a alnce avaiable for dinidend of 118,5391. A dividend of 9s. per 301. stock, oraetthe rate of 3per eent.pernnmu, wil absorb 11,5051 and leave 7,0331 The directors recommend that the dividend be paid on the 3d of September next. The following are the receipts of ralways for the pest week- DUBIN AND DROGH hrofthedirectors of that the tmffio f r th ix onths enin 3Dbt Jnns~ 1857, amounts to 38,9604 The reosipt of thie0 company for the feet haIfU a exceed those for the corresponding eto 185 by=0 ilmof ,O4SL, WhiJ thg workmin expsem exceed those of the me Jriodb_4624 tthu an increes in the profit ecme 4poqumes% ever, of the highkrae of Interea tble hb b _e in the amount hauged for interes e VeWi the eonsnny, eo that t amout a d- d abonLt nametwhe same punt! .1 -- In the rmouth of FWrMLh atcg.nomeeidZ Ga gave x to mai itwle; 1 new arbitra io to s for it Sine that tine the ompeay bn payment whatever for the vey id; y Wm&. t has been requirdI perle.. or Yie P4&66Kg In the revenue ccont edit i f p at the rate pviouy received. WbMtkhe cawc. aider a very low rate of remnin4 , and whic ther hope Will he Incresed by the a s d thT u i he works oa the Dcmdalk aud E l tweeu Ne.. bliss and Euniskuil, oghen eoune of a few months the bg r ctlem be completed. This extenginwlludbelyrnga . creaw of traffic. The drcosheseedd junctin with theodrecors fth e Duln nd ia Junction and flJter Companiefs, in a ig Arranemeu for a daily quickc trin from fort ' W facilis which wilthu ben at blentweten dubinan th re a north efo vlous half-year, leaves t sum of ; 5,2!V nt odf = . the diretors recommend a divid or .. t Pd. el 5mm share, and lt. d. per new 2. iare, being at of 4A per cent, per a Dnnum CORK AND YO1UGHAy A meeting of this company was hed yeoterday' at the. Kings Arms Hotel, Westiinsteo. There otiw a- cfatene tonea legln for the of the busmne of the half-yearly. onee bithit mst e- solved to read the report and diicsMh a&irs of toh company. Mir. L. Butt, XLP., took the chair aud red there. port, which stated that with the resurces at Ase tatheir- ommand, t he d irac tors calcaulbated o n beoi Dg able- to copie,e d open the first s ection o f the line between thetown of Maiddleton and Danke l. Frm- th pointz to the centre ot the city of Cork the tdamic WI be continued by smal steamers plying on th ie riv srving for a fature time the construction of the only oxohe portion of the line -theet r enirothe styoff eO& 'reh compatny have obtaned the power so soon a e t soetion is completed, of borrowing one b of the uam ix- pended on it, and wi i compan tillo Wm bea" to o- plete thenert sectioun of the line to bah, so&as tobveTi =ies of railway tgh a rich reiultural distriopeid n for public traffic Tist onoe accomplishe the d5e6tors are eonfident thee will be no difficulto y I raong tOthe capita ncspery for the Qu1atown bra. TVhe diUrtor re eofopinion that all- l should be dirocte to the arl onan i of the firt. sction of the lne. The directrxstil fee ec fident that by proper management and oordia co-operation of all the p.rtiesintereste they will he abe ultimatey to>carry, out the undertaking in such a manzer as $o minsue. remmneative return to those who have embarked in it.-. The irecors,havng otaind lad ad other eonauideza. their- bondsto tese svera persns fr theam fakfs secuityfortherespctie sms ue Of - 4 ;, f`*0 ow balance of l(
The Noftnhamo-Dark Tatate, lOIOceeerhire, 0 xtendfing moer ltoo0 acre, iLl SSRS NORON6HOGGART, an4 TRIS Jkbeg to inforn the pubito th the whole ot the above EsvATE biaa been DISPOSED OF, by Prvate Conltrct.-(ld Brad~%eet, Aug, 21,1857. The Gaatntae h aihs fCupo n tsd, in me J[SSRS. NORTON, HOGGART and TRIST beg to Inorm the nublic that the above P'lOl'EltI' %d'we-r.-ed, for Sae at the Msart. In Septemuber next -h=s been INS.PO 3OE OFr by Private Contratt-0lA Br,o.d.tse,,. AlIg. 22. ;Sauth of Devcni.-Wr.sy Natate at Moretou-tistllst3ld, and near Newtion Abbots, on the Bouth-Derots Railway. WSSBS. NORTON, HOC4{GART, and TR!ST FRPR IWorm the public, that the above valu.1ble FRIESH WNaa NOT SO0LD at the Mast, on Friday. July 24, ama may now be teosted for by Private Contract.-Mld Rraad-atreet. ThO -Heresled Estae. with capitWalMneten, PecrL and Landls. ex- tending over nealrl 4,200 amres. aud producing at mnoderate rentals a Present tnoomed!f about 4,860 see annum, with the Hundreds' of Cranbrook, Ba4rkley. Blwkbsone. SebrlttGe,deu. Rol,esden, and Ogeat BarnSold, Advoweon and Next Prescotatlon to the Vicarage of Bexendea. Oremsated Rentt Charge, &q. iLESSIRS. NORTON, IIOOGART, rind TRIST! LY. have roceived instructions from tho Trustees o~ the late Thomas Law SLEdges, Itwq_ to offer for BALIE. at the Auction Mart, on Friday, Auguet tthe 20th, at 1'2 o'elooK. (unless -previouisly disposed of bty private contract.) the IZOMSTED RSTATE, for man year e beautiful tset of Thomas Law Hodges, qs situate in ath parishaes of Craubrook, Besnsden, Rolvendeni, Hawk. huret, Teutorden,' and Wittevsham, in 'the Weald ot 'Kent, close to the marete town of Cranbasok, about seven miles frOm the Staplehuret Station On the South Eastern Railway, and, within li0 miles ot L-ondon. This exceedingrly important and valushble freehold 5.omain extends over nearly 4,500 acres, highly cultivated. in wrable, meeadow, Vesture, and h,,p teed. intersected writh thriving coppilcegs and plantatiOns, not only' prAtfiablo for the capita hop poleg taey periodicaly produce, hut admirably adapted for the preservation of gant tgher with the aundrede of Cranbro,k, Barkiey, Blsokborne, hehitedon, Rolveudon, and Groakt Barnfield, parro of the Sever, Hundredai with the lath of Servinghope, in Kent, with their, rents, offlces, courtse. rights, and iroyalties la the ceninze of a beautiful. aud richly timabered park ot about 150 aeres is placedi the fine old fauily mansion approached from the high road by three sepa-ate eutnsrac,, eousmaudlig maguirtent views in every directon, the perish churches of Benendeu and Tenterden forming pominent and bighly intereting objeats. The mansion con- ainssureerona bed romis and dreesing rooms, wihO spacioua landing and principal and feconuikry-ntakrcases, a suit of reoertlon rooms, lIcloiing diaing room. morning room, study, drawing room, billiard roon,, dne old iltm,ry. ex2,elient servsanta office,-S arranged wttheer convenIence, and capital cellaring, abundantly euppised, with goodM water, dletached btaflting:l, with coach-houses. stabling, and servants, room,, fruit aud kitchen gardens, occupyitg about two acres encosed by lofty brick walLs. cintsed withL the moat choice fruit trees of every descrlption. with greenhouise, hothoUse, apeirte, do. The pleaosur groureda are vety extenetro end Ceutiful% laid out., abounding with every variety Of shrub and evergreens and Ate,erican plants in the highest state of perfection, with rural and shiaded walss, extending through a richly wooded deli to ja ver ornamiental lake, and with vistas In every 'dirctIon of the must varied, beautiful, and interestinig character. Tue farms aye sulbdvided Into various occupations, eaah having its proportion of hop garden : tthe farm-homses and farms buildlugs are toL good order and repaic throughout the whole estate, the lanids are gienerally well cultivated and bonndet hrb good roads, the tenants, many of them having succeeded their fathers and grandfathces, responsible and highly respetable, and the rents exceedingly raoderato, There are several cottages to t-he village of Benend en. and the estate as a whole, including tie great sporting and other advantages litheamsnt and partridges now abound, andi maay be bred to almost any extent), Is certainly ne of 1-f not the &iest that can be met with to the 'Wead of Kent, There is also the Perpetual Advowyon and Next presentation to the wlcasge of Senenden, the present incumbent being nearly 80. anid a Tent charge in lieul Of tithles corUnbted at 000 -er annum, The estate is subject to a6 mrairga5e for 09,946 U & hi 13, per rent, per annum, whichL must remain uintil 5tl. August, 115?. May be viewe by tickets onjly, which, with partzculars may, be ha,d of Merese. Nero anad Sons, Benenden. who will (on being written tot ap#etot a proper party to show the estate; and of Memso. Neve, Wison, amd Farrar, solicitors Craubrook. EPartinlars ams raabe bad of 'Mesacs Cotterell, solicitors, Tbrogmorton.Bstreet;: at thle Railvwa Hotel, StapIeliuret: Rose and Crown, Tunbridge: at the Mart. and of Mews Norton, lIo ggart, and Triat, 62, OldBroad.rtrest, Royal Exchanze. Fresnold Esteles, Friscenden,Bnedn ldes,Tntdn,.,i the cu fe i!ESSRS. NORTO, HOGGART, and TRIST MY have received instructions from theo Trustees of a Settlement execated on the Marriace of the late Mfr. and Mrs Hindgee, of ematnaed, to oiler for SALE, at the Mart, opposite the Bank of England on Friday, August the 28th, at 12 o'clock, to lots. (unless previously disrosev of by Drivate tontract,) the following valuRble FREEHOLD ESTATES :- Peisridgo Farm, siviate In the paih of Frlttbnden, consisting of a farm-house, farm buildings, and a=on 150 acres of wsable, meadow, hop, and wood land, In the occepation of Mir. Boorrman; Bishopeclen Farm. In the pariesies of Besenden and Biddenden, with farm*house, fartm-buildings, and about 117 acres of land, in the occupatIon of Mir. E. Pain ; Cramptou-honse Farm. situate in the r~iches of ETalden. Tenterden), Biddenden. aud Wtttecsham, cosaist- of a farma house, fsrma-buildtnga, and about 166 acres of land, In the ocuption of Mr. Pearson ; Old-house Farm, with farm-house, farmbuildings, and about 0 acres of lana, In the occupation of Mr. David Stanen lsoabot 6 aces f uabl, hp, eadow, and wood land, wit hose,cotagebuIdins c,,parly nband. the Jematoder in theoccpaton f h,cse. uckaud Weman Wels,and Baker. Ltaybvieled,an,paricula had t th Railay H tel %tptehusot;. RoseandCron, untrdge ofMesrs. eve Wisonanid Farrar solcitrs.Cralsrok:lOe.~r Nee ad Sns,Bonnde at5 the Mart: and f Mescg,orto, Hugart andnlst 82 OlEodereRoyal Kexet-V inl retidlar,t e pars ot Benenden, and c-on- ThfSSRS. NORtTON, ROGGART, and TRIST 1LVJ. ave received instructiozus froma the Trustees of Lady Trisden's Will to offer for SALS. at the Mart, on Friday, Augwst 28, atlI2 a valua,ble FREEHIOLD FARIM, known es Near Hiukeden, situate in ihe pearish of Benenden, comprising a farm-house anid buildings together WMitheveral enclosures of arable, meadow, and wood land, containing together about -43 acres, in the occupation of Mr. Wright. May De viewed erd particulars bed of Messms Neve and Son, Blenenden, Meessrs Neve, Wilson. anid Farrar. solicitors, Cesnbeook: Mleasrm Oottri.slicitors, Tbrogc%9rton-Street ; at the Railway Hotel. Staples hu=;-Race and Crown, Tunbridge;, at the Metrt; and of Mesfsrs. Norton. Hoggart, and Trist. 62. Old BroAd street. RoyaLl ExchangRe. The Montain Is adtoxust Fearms a batflFreehold Eajstate, IMESSRS. NORTON, HOGGR, and TRIST hA ave reoeived instructions from the Morteageeg, under a power of sale, to offer for SALE at the Mart On Friday, August 28, at 12, to five lois, a beautiful FREEHOLD ESU~TE, knoan ase the Mountains and Foxhush Farmns, situate in the parish of Tunbridge, In the county of eust, and within a short distance of the Penshursi and Tunbrdge, Stations, the whole containlnr about 244 acres. Lot 1 wil comprise dhere ldunawn.garden,an Diartufexbus~h Farm. with a goid famuily mci-. dere,lwn.g%ren, ad peasreground, together with farmyard, farm buildings, cottages for labouirers and sevecat enclosures of usable. mea-. dow, andwoodland. The whole coutaininglOse. Sr. 31p. Lot 2. Part of Foxbush Farm. a vamluable freehold property, imamediately opposite lot L, consizsing of a residence, garden, yardl, and several enciosures of arable and wood land. the whole containing 145, Or. lO5s, Loll3. A valuable Enclosure of Freehold Land, containing Se, In., having a con. riderable building frontace to, the rood loading from Tunbridge to Ninel Ho0th, and in a beautiful situation for btuiding, L-ot 4., Foes EnclosureB of Wood Land, adjotuing tota 1 and 3 with cottage, Sir containing 14a. In. 27p. Lot 5. Three Freehold Cotalaes, adoining the hligh road, and situate at Half M(oon-hill, withi gardens andL outbuildings The above roperty in surrunded on every ride withL good roads, leading frma Leigh, 8ceveoak-e, and Rtamahuset, to Tunhaidge, andaffords avari,ty of very beautifulabuilding sites. May be viewed, and partictularr had at the Rose and Cro-wn, Tanbrtdge Cal^verley Hotel. Taubzidieo wells; of Messrs Davidson and Bradbury, solilcitors, llasinghall-ttreet; of Mesrs. Drew and Gray, HibernAathamberL-ondon-bridge: at the bMart; and of Messrs Norton, Hoggart, anti Trist. 6Z SIlo Broal-street, Royal Exchange. lease at 9320 per annum, lu-a eemd MESSM'. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST haereceived iastructions to offer for SA.LF. at the Hart. opposite the Bank of England. on Monday August 31. at 12, a ver valua,ble and important FREEHIOLD PR6PERTrY, sitaate adoining the Bermontisey Battle and Wasbhiouses In Spa-road, Bermondsey, it comprises an exteasive tanyasd and premlses, occupying an area of upwar-4aof an acrein extent. having afrontags eof124 feet to NTeokingerroad and entrance from Spa-roadanad the Grange, numerous tan and lIme pits, beam houses, rant of drying sheds, leath2er warehouss bark barn, engine and mil osses, cart sheds, and other subetants buildings, tan, door, spacious yards, counting-housge with rosumover, and anx excellernt residence, oontahiing every accommodation for a family; paved yard, fowl-hxouse, side entrance,.and other conventenoes, and a Large reservoir and well affording a nsver.failing supply of water to the whole of the premises. Lot upon lease for a long term of yeasn to Messrs Barrow, highly respectable tenants, at a very moderate rental of 125 per ann-.m, and prerentizeg a secure and eligible investment, Masy be vsoewd by permisson ot the tenants, and particular had, 2i days prior to the salle, of Memss. Rutherford and Son. tolici. tore, 8, Gracechurch-street; at the Ma~rt; and of Mecass, Norton, HogartIad Trist, 62Z Old Broad-street, Royal Exchange. Eennngtn-rod,-.,Smil Ieashold Residence f-or investnent or ocil/IESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST iT.have received lustntctlons to SELL by AUCTION, at the hlart, on onay Auus I, a 1, LESEIOI)DWELLINTG-HOUSE, In I oosan small cHen. helu o leea se forwanuexpre*dtrmo MJESSRS. N~ORTON, HOGGRTald TRIST AV,have recoived instructions to offer for SAL~8 tteMr,e Monday, August 81. at 12, a vatuable FREERODETTE iut at Coiln Deep, about six miles from Kilburn-gate, adoefo h ohurcut at frendor,, Middlesex, It cotoprise a substanta detached residence, approached by a carriage drive and flight of stone steps, &ad containing sulfficient acoommodation for a family, productive gardens, osohard, capital stabbing for five horaes, coachhouse, yard, andshed, a neat cottage adjoining, with stable, coach-house, garden, and orchard and an enelosuseotr rchmeadow tend: triowhole land.tox reeemed, an conaInng eary fur cre. Te popety asan extensivre frontage to te rad romEdgworeto endn, nd t is bounuded un three viwe.averwed ticnstsradtioat teol Wfelsho HArp,bdgeAU re-rONat. ofy Masrst,Lon. Banes.ayAndust, 3l, Sprng-gsardn s;atthbeferMart andorMesrspNrton, ooggtrt,and)pI2,O7ldnpBroad-tret FREOyaD akoVIan8 PT,situaterion.-olthel onswe,Forts-green, atFZincgrien. FtLchavey nereceieBad-intrctionStoaoferbor AtE byne AfCrom ato wthe at oonsta Monda,mugustd atunes ana cceptacprvoblefoffrtbe salubrity of the sir and bcauty of the sceerym. The resddes.oe, wWhich I approached througha an avenue of times anxd Ornamental plesanse grounds, blan been much ealerged and improved at great cost within the last few yewrs, and offers the most p5rfeot accommodationi for a large family, m thearragemente suggesting an Institutioni for patteets. It coDnu taisenbest and several smaller bed rooms and dressing rooms, two elegant drawing rooms opening to the pleasur grosxids, morning room, entrance-hall, a noble anrd very lofty reception roomn 15 feet by 34 feel, splendidly decorated, with gallery balcony leoadin to the lawn anLd billard mroom the domestic re(tluiraments admiratu3ly conhrived and emhracing every essntial to family coenfoet, From the terrace at the hack the imeet extensive view is presented, Inclufllng the woods of Caea-park and the Intermediate scenery; the pleasure grounds are dispose with mnuch taste, winding grm led waks through a beautiful lawn adorned wIth rare, fowering shrubs, a ffshapond Is' the centre and producetive garden beyond ; toe whole containing nearly five acres. Remioved feom the realdence and lately esested. are two Beta of baths, twoplngngbats,exulentstblng an cac-huse, it rom ovr.Fllpatcuar ad 1 ay rir . tenae,o M. osyh siderable site of ground. MiESSRS. NORTON, HOGGAPT anrd TRoIST have received Intruec,ons to offer 3er .AZEK Ailh0 Mart, on Mcnday, August 31 at 12 a valushble FREEPOLID PROPERTY sltuate at Old Ford, . flow, hI sa froutia to old Fornd-gA of aboul -loft. extending in depthk about 45Sf I to tae siver Lea. wUhr wharf and fronlege theretO ofaboun47ft, A Dwelling-house, cr suitoaefoffices of four rooms, clerk's oi1ce, foreman's lodge, and lavZe garden Immediate posssion may be6 had - Miay be vwed anud wartculxs bha of Mr. Bousfel, solicitor, 1a, rhilpod-lan e ssrs. Wilson aoid BrestOws, rolicitorse Copthall-buildisgs, at theMart : and of Ream% NortOn. Hoggart, and Trist, 62, Broad-stret, Royal Exchange. ohouse, wltith Oi-work Bleaching-groud Spermaneti and Wax Candle Mdanufactory, and about 1 acres of Lad, Adapted foyr bt did- ing. itauate at Stokweli-gr;en. MESSRS NORTON, HOGGART, ansd TRI'T Gmve receired instructions to offer for SALE, at txe Mat o, u Frda , Sept, 4, at II, the valuable and extensive PREEHOLL% P5t5MIS3~ kownas Meat-house, for many year In the occupation rebroher.Esqs., situate at lltockwell-green betwee, Brixon nd Caphsn,In the county of Surry. having a frontage to Stokwel-geenof bou 30 feet. andtexteuing In depthi to Love-lane, vrlcsethm i aso fontgeof about 700 fet, it oonslist of an ex. caleatresdece,appoacedfrom the road by a carrage sweep,cn tamng ixbedroos,three dreaming rooms, two wateg-closeta,three' 8erant' rom, saciusvestbule and Isuner hall, lofty drawing room15 eetby 1 fet 5 dnin1g and breakfwAs rooms. library, capta danetloofice, oal, wine, and beer cellas, detached dairy, laudr, ad wcs-husegod drying.grounst, sand numerous Out- lof, ad -huse ssblngfor seven homes, huarng room,wt rocoss3 over, barn, ased roomn, &s., lawn and pleasWr grounds, large kitoLten garden, ic-oue, rhr ih r rsledou =n sruba alk, rand th'ee enclosures of mesdow lwau contain. ing in tbehle about"1 saces also the extenisive Wax c_ande Mann: factory, conalilstur of substantially built maelting: houses wax shops store roonssana wasehoussa withL loftst vrolg hp,ho r rocts oi silas,&s, two cart sheds, stable, oounting-home and every conwenleace fog Currying on a large Sad luramtive business and a sodwelling-.-ses, andi sottage adjoining, let so Mr, Webster, ata ( &&~4Per annum, The pTOpett..whoh is singuuarly adapted for boligprpss ilbeOfrdI due ag O fizna,~rate op~uialIso,Ms be vewed, ndpa. had of Steel Cross, near Thoib e.werls.-Deslrable Estate. with Villa, Redl. delsCe (in & forward RMOsl Ot, completion), Offices, Gardenis, kae,; thes wbola containIng %bOr-t 52 acres 1LqESSRS. NORLTON," HEOGGART,~s and TRIST LVI have sectisd linsrueloos to offer for SAL& at the nute, on Mfonday, Au strstZi, at 12, a valsable and enapace EST&TR, boniest. fully situate, ba tbn village of Stjeel Crees, about six mlile lromr Ton. brldrS-W113s. the county of SUNcax. It 0,cerprses a Nilla residence of chasto dedge, placed ueon en elevation, seed enbraziog pano,,raic views .01 great extetst and beauty. It bee been moort substantilily Oerectd. Wkh material Of the beet rlts,lty, at a very roeiderabta a is In a fortrard sAlte Of comPletios, anti contains exiTance-bal, wt Srp,oighgdk tlort, dining roomi io ft. by 16 ft., devising rooma 20 ft, by 16Oft. N;ith hauticore ba,y window Opewnogto the lawn, two well-pv*portioncd bi~d rnores and dressing roorm, the whole with Pltu~to-ac windows, ant attica over; goodt kit,chn, us9sh-hounse and cellar on the hasemart : and tht-re Is ferthtsecaroouruodatton for three otber i-sr rooms, larder and the usiial domestic officts; detached ti a newiy.butlt mute ot capital tatelIng fax, tbree horaes, double woaoh.house, harness roomi. and lAt over, barnr. o.rthous' astable, rAitle sheds, and oiher agricultural buildbins, vwalled kithebn. fardert woll stocked, thriving youing orchard, together wilth eeveral enloersam of stable, Meadow, aud hop land, The we',ole containing, abovut 52 Races, and( aldartee for any gentleman desirou, o' comhiblingreaidence With agricultural pursuits Upon a moderate ses-d. May be. viewed and partisulams w-ttt plans, ha.d at tlbe Kentish aorsd. Tuv;bridge wells ; Of Messrs J. and G. Barnard solicitors, Ysih'road. LambethI: at the Mart', and of Messrs. Herbs, Hocz4rt, and Triet 62, Old 1hoad-street, iboyal Exchange. Islington an rae y.rosd.- asbeLaeodRsdne,pro- ducing a ret rentacC43 per annum, 4ESSRS. NORTON, BGAP.T. stud TRIST .k&have received In%truetioreto 1M,L by AUCTION, at the Mart. on IlIondar, A'rzust 31. at 12. in lets, the following valuable LE ALSPi HOLD IN V11 IMT'dLE ~T;, comprising fouLr restdeuces, situate Nos3 SI, 32, 33. and 30. St. Paul's-terrace, Ball's-peorm Ist,rgton : four ditto. situate Nlos. 7. 6, 9,..ad 50. St. Paul`s-place, sadjotinic; two diweulllg' houses, Nos. 18 and 19. WhIte Conduit grove (uow I)nrnark-grove). IslIt gton: tad four sethbtantlaUly.built residences ptea-autly situte, Kme I16 I, 16,7. aud 38. Hanlsy.rpad, Horesey-road.' Tie properties are held ona lease for lonez ttrest, ut low ground rests, and are let to highly re'e eretable teniants, aLt moderate niet rentas, a.sounting together to 42 as. per esueum. Mlay be viewed by permission of the respective teniant, and paiticularst had of Miesars, M&s,tby, Robinson, and Jack. son. solicitors. 7, New Bank-buildings; of Tisos, Dean, Esq Temple; at the Mart ; and of liesers. Norton, Hoggant. and Trial, 62, (ld, iroad: street, Royal Exchange. Second tntlon-The]3eulahSpa or White Eusteeate, situate zisa Croydon, 1n the oouly o Soirt-sy. I4SSiRs. NORTON, HOGAT and TRIST MV have, received in,tractlons from theTets to offer for s8ALE at the Mart, on F'riday Se~ptember II, in le, te SECOND SBC TION of the BEULHAI PAFESTATEF nitual inWronllln,d to Slon nurrery, and only a short distance fromteCytlPlc ad toe Norwood Station on the Croydon Railway, Thu portion Inteade d to form the second sale of this exceedingly valuamel freehold property wil consist of upwards of f0 acres of land, haviDg building frontage o n,the ropA to Croydon and also to contemplate new roads; leading 10 the road constructedhby Mr. Ileemnus Burton throegh the main Part is the estate, The situation is, exceedingly con,ireifot, within ab shor distanice of several railway stations, giving versp e2sy, frequent, ard economical access to all pacta of London, and there ia abundance ci brick earth and mavelin the nelgbbocirhood. Tearivraneetosh ltanmoedercriptive pacticulax-s will he giveni ftur advertisemet.e,OdBroad-street, Pr-enllnisryA.dvertisement.-Valuabel ffesidssce-ad Premises known as Boyne Hlouse, about 20 acres of exceedlegl va luabls Building Land, 8tabling, Ac,, at Cheltenhamo. 1IESSRS. NORTON, HOGGA-RT, and TR-IST .Lv, have received instructions to offer for SALE, at Cheiltenham. on Wednessay. October 21st, in loin, the followIng very valuable FIREEHOLD PROrERTIES,-vsr_, Boyne House, ah very subatantIal and desirable residence, with gardaen, large play-grounit and offices, situate inL Satndhurst-ro ' close to the Froprivl.ery College and St. Luke's Chutrch, and let to J. B Smith, Esq., a reoet respectable tenant, at 158 I periannum; about 2,0 acre of very valua-ble aud Important freehold builIg land, lenmediately adjoining Bloyne aouse, and dlose to he ighstret,havng xtesiv frntaesto capital roads, and M EaSSo.Rcac hOuse ,R GGR, and ycadong,I,teoupTionofDr temborth an valsuabstantiaHLD ESiden E,situate ino2 Camray.ytret let oIMip, Bageter withaboverylow renta of fi0ner lanu m, Aute morei futarslid adbertisempenwilar pa hrl,we.tearneeto thoswl efuhlly Eetatel nssthe, Oslad Bof amatiet coal. xhn MUESSRS. NORTON, ROGGART, arid TlIST have receivedlinstructions so oiLerfrSL E at AU TheN part,In Sop tnOrer. af valabe HighCutHoLD ESTnoT, stu Egatd ae in thtls fe, GrnteeridBolbos nther cotunts ofpLneial chreompisn an fearmhoudae and bul dings together 86 with aoth21 acrebstinofdn laud Futhero tartiCularstwisl cashotl apre tarbd. tteAuto at Brblm Fre,int e eh7ofLodoEtaes in thde&Isandth 1f Jam aica. Otoer 187raESISfRth clok ON inte e oon Gno Rlo, thNdN TRISTn UN OreToY heHg CourtATI of Chn cer lXTS EniahtePnd, madledI the Glrant,e andjoinctherause siupplementa thereo pands heStary,ingdl the 20th da of Jamic, 18n6 wtheWB lbdis, apboatiot ofx thles frodget whose ltoane, in th plre) ofLdontaig ongetherdabouth 216th day of Octbe, ptuNITY n P wITTood and w Si TE,tht the ven allal vrs a erad cathe mills, Implements, auduteusils thereon, sufficient for takting off large sua rp. Particulars and conditions of sale may be had of Messrs. aCookad Stevens. 6Gray'rl.im-ss,are, London. W,.C.r attbe Flsoe of sale' of Memar. Boys and Tweedie, 6, Ely-place Holborn BRC ' and of 'ewers Norton, Hegart, and Triot, 62, old SRroad-strcet. H,1., of whom f-mther information maybe obtaind, Chathame-plac, Hackney,-Valuable Leasehold Residence, with iso. ESSRS. possta e ssN8ion. M SR.NORTON, HOG4GART, arid TRIST bVj ave received instructions to offer foe SALE, at the Mtart, on Friday, Sept. 1' at 1. 'a destiable LEASEaOLD RESIDENOR, pler,. tautly situate, Ro. 7. Cbatham-place, Hackney, only five minutes'vwaLk fromthe ailay satin, ad wihinther rele~ of the city. It contais fvehodroms,smll oo, dawng,tang, and brekfast rooms. gade,cchhgs,two'-Valu sable, harrbold rom.n Lan,ed. mn' MI1ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, arid TRIST bLI ave received InstructIons to offer for SALE, at the Mart, Priday. Sept, 1], at 12. lunleese previously disposed of by pr-fvats contreot,) onwards of an acre of exoeedingty valuable FtEBEa(LD BVILDIl6t LAND, with a Dwvelilng-boome thereon, moat eligibly situate close to Uilngton Church, hasing a frontage of 08 feet to Church-street, and extndig narl tolslngtn-geen frm wichthere is a good ap- pvoc.Tepoertyis amintably adattl edwifor stthe,erectsionofsm. houses, andpresetsn onusa topportunter forSAE at thigl M iar Lon biding eproly atheonthMa be vitoew edt,an pariluarle ha FRfEEHrLD LBacy knondarideh,esLicitor,e9 KIdg's Ars-atee, andootbr lat-siruete rirnn t eryi o Adiettlemedwnt,-h in ttle BedyofWiltEstt, Wilabotshire. mniles from the Hungerford Station, on the Hungeriord and Reading Branch of the Great Western Railway, comprising a comfortable farm- Youkshie.an-alVecesry fmorantRm'liongs,Inumerouscottages aondhsay denks,tandbikfel, togr eters with several e1ndosure cfara,bs, par-d cludin Poethes. todlandr extending over upwards of 82 ce, A0 mores deaild a vaubertlsolenty of Aappeersotywhnpriulr ab badof S.Digal ENORT Oliio, 8.OoGG nART -ard and ofST mesr. Norton, Logeed t, ari T letd 6, SeOldmbero29ditrest oal ofTex- valuablre- r importantI Reversioar intrsn the Bo undbay Pr PakEstate, -d teur I ees,wpho aptaaMnton Perk, arms,tuand Inther roprtiaes, togeRutheryextendinwoel,arofspwardsof 1100 ames; andap vAluroable Poller NwofnAsur nce, rLes xedi w SSRS. ofO1T00 acGesRT, aneitvaela laeeesdwiTxiST,g wooda, dDhave recived mtcionsl to FeRdfortSApr E at the Scar. bofrounghalHotel,heeds, nTesday Shepmotemberable einatead of toes.e valuable orshre lx h oEONR entEreSof In ba thel a oudhpe agy uPark Esate, ndk Oithert imoragnfcntlake o esOlD P0acrTes 0 situaaterAI Inathe parse moft soudtayti fhamwilyamio, apmcedbeacrr. awikiagEet drpa ilersn and Ptena otter Newtosne,na Leuadisg extendinover uplovedlyo view crs of thegl suro Iing land, pcuesueprd coithtriviang woodsand1plantations adcimirblodapteduor athbepresvatlo or gamte, mandsfrmigtabltogmenthe ofith dtedmostauable estate i h e Wetan Ridins ofevork dshire.inptheocntr cof aa beautiflandgeasingly hunde ateocotark,wt Ixtsmgientiv pleas e gofunealy4 acre pand ate grfall,i anlawe n eel obtaintdalfamilyum.ardnrsion,daprahedkby crriotages trivexce studresimen ,wthl lodg e entances,gcom andin rextensiear td lodoveyviews ofteurrouandinge seghly pictres,mouea cutry, ando conain,Bringevrterys,accommoudbatin y Ga nobem ihan's ror geneman's est rdr,alsm nt; wshu etchdstat mbuildins, gachrouens, and orceerdsf evmery ecitonuocmns cottagea o aor Ylal hionde houseyan and colttage, etei apitaelesure ounds anedObpel Alletuve gardns wtstbg,fce,and lawnEins, hot and groneus,gader'cgaekenepsw eau ctiful twoaexcellrntnrssidercen, withngardens,stbig and oecesw lnear The ocay rds,Inum n rmme tdnierous colgso aoues alube st onequrr, and ot lages rcles to the church, at Chapel Allerton, togethex with chnoose and farm buildings, garden, and several enclosures of exoeeleut land, In Ikb parish of Potter Newton. The estate haseavery extensive frontage to the high road from Leedsto Wetherby,auidio other excellent roads and at no distant period a considerable portion may be subdivided with grist advantage for building purposes, there betas exceedingly beautiful sites upon the propeorty aebcerably adapted for the erection of marestone for thie leading mrerants connected withIe edsaned other Manulacturing towns, The subject of the nresentsale is the reversionary,in. treset in this veryimportant and beautiftl estate, to whlchagentlemaai, seed 27 (whiose life is ineturelse at the ordinary premium), Iz entitled as tenant-in-tall expectant u pau the decease of two gentlemen, aged regpectivoly 78 and 82,subject only to remote contingency of the lifs of 78 (whose wife in living) hcaving issue, Also a valuable Puleyof esranc or 2,06,efectd n te amily Endowment So- maybe ad 14oayBpildito the. sae,at the Scarbowrough and wihite ae-tret NdOfMsRs.ONoro, Hoggart, and TRItS6,Tl ,L, hv re-ceived Instructions to cffer for SALE, at the Marzt, in Cetober next, about 30 acres of very valuable PRYEHOLD BUILDING LAND, land-tax redeem'rd, situate on the mouth aide of Harrwroad about l mnlesfrom Oxford-street, and within esy distance of th ra etern and Nonth-Westem Railways. The laud ilea to' gether, on theout side of a hill,comading extensive vIews, and isexceedtingYwelladapted for any publlo Institution requiring a larg area or extensivemondas.,or for general building purposes. A plan of the property may be sen yanpliration at the offlces of Hensyfaweon, FAq., architect arid surreyor, 14. Finrbury-placesouth' em~ Marten, Thomas, and Hollams, rollioltrs, Commercia gae Ylioos, Mincingloantexchang e.sr Norton, Hoggart, and Trist, 62, Old Broad'steesr, Ths alubleandextensive Manor of Rik uaswortb. Herta. 'IIESSS. ORTN, OGGRT,and TRIST ,LV, av rceve istucios o ffr OK AEa h dr,I Novmbe net. he alubleMANR o RIK MYSW RTH0i thecont o H e d~ovr ealy 0,00reesoflad bond mnatin o cc3 6 upiSerstof four aImeheostes in Riokmansworth, and h rs and ppurtenances ihereof. The manoer comprise toter la an extensive and valuable common nailed Chorley-wood. commnon, contain ing about 200 acres, with graval end chalk, of great value to tbu lord, and varlons pIsces of waste land ly7ing dispersedly about. The numbe-r of tenants of the mlanOr and the average income will be stated in futuse adrertiaements,61, Old Broad-street, iauntIL-Valuable Freehold Estates, Mansion, Park, Manor, Farina Woods ard Cottages, extending over aboat I.a50 acres of land. 13:ESRs. NORTON HOGGART, ard TRIST itt have received Inetruct?ons to oiler for SALE, in loti, in September the PRESTON ESTATE. a valuable and important freehofd property situate in the perisbes of Preston Candoser Bradiey, Nutlep, and rentworti, about ceveu miles from the capttai market town of laing3toke, and six from Alresfond, a beautiful and fine pact of the county of Hantac The mansion. which id substantial and oocumodlous, Is approach ed by a carnlage-'rive. with portico entranoe. and oentains fave lofty orluopal bedohambers of laire dimenalons, four dressing rooms, gallery landfig, eight secondary bed rooms, water-doet, Ac., with an abundant supply of sPring water to She tOD of the mnsion; vestibule oDening Into a inner hail appropriated as a billiard room, seoondary library communicatIng with a study, weQ proportioned diingroom 0 ft. by 22It. 6, with carved oak corn'ic communIcating with the principal Ubrary 30 ft. by 22 ft. 6 with fgt of stono stePs Opening to the broad tereco vwalks an communiscattog also with a drawing room 22 feet 6 by 21 feet, principa and ecodary stnlrcase2, gentleman's rom, washing room, bath rood e.,; sapItal and convenient domesat4 offices, and exceieak at,hed cdlarage, detached brewhouno, Iaundry, store and wood hot ses, snbllng for eight horees looee box, hareas room, and lofk' over, standing fo- three carrlages. chaIse-house, Ac.; beau- iu lawns, and extensive shrubbery walks, onameated with stalely tibe,', dfower garden laid out with great taste; and at a short ditsanee Is a hip bly productive kitchen gaden,jtartly waUed in, grapry, peachhouee, z,n lon groumd and snee, togetelo with the rlch par-rie lands lmmedla',4l smTrouWding the manson and mounds, and studded with cdumps ot, ornamnental trees Also, the Home Southiwood, and Bradey Ber , torthes with the Mianor of Bradley, comprialng umerouts en. closures o2 wful sirable, meadow, Pasture, and wood lad, with sItable farm-ho,'e0, and al neceary agrictltural buildings, let to ro' s bcltabie tonaote at ve lnadeonutely low rentals Also, numerous and 6.1rdear, the " elae of Preston Candover and Bradley, the who,i contaimininbojtc acres The estatelesinthe centre of good sptrtiVg,'ns I in the fmmedlste neighbourhoodot oxeeUent society. Va be viewed by cards only, and TXrs, with els, s horU= - bo:ad .0t the pdmldpalunrt ko} D&UC e r  of bte, DO.nHopkins, and Co, aolicit AIreffossi, of Mearr N. send P. Dasideon soistoclS, llfl ne.ga~n;a the Mars; and of Msqr Xortt-'Q( HOpIlt, slIAd 14WM IW ft* SKqOM Ealitd-Valkblde, Trebold hiam, cout1ntaInig 2 cr MESSRS. NORTON,IOGT, and TRIST pariah of WlAd, about beven mile fronti Altea anld 10 from Basing. stoke, In The county (I He6nts' consivAidnga Ooaioartabio farmhousek batns, etW lodge nod bnuidings toret bar with ereeral encloeurs or asar" %ad meadLow ilabd; the whole containinig about 22 acres, lathe 0C01U64,tOn of r. Broad, May be viewed, andlparttIclars shortl hba att Othepincipl laeat Sasngstoke and Winchestr: ofMe.srs.Dfuann HqA~i`as and Co., enlicItoro Alreford! Of klesrm. M.'and F, ]David. son, inolcltoes, 18, Smlrng-pardens. at the Wart; and of Mesrn,Nos ten, Hoggart, and Trlst. 62, Old Btosd-street, Royvai xchange, of Gloceetr, ~JESSRS. NORTON, BOGGART, and TRIST iT have received instructions to Offer far SALE, at the Mart. in Octbobr next, In lots (unless the whoet sbould be previously disposed of by private contract). STAPLn.TON COUR-T, for some years the aeBidenoe of thae late Bisop of Glocester, sc-out two miles from the city of Bristol, on the bigh road from thence to Frencbay and Wickhsm-brtdire, and close, to the eleganit clhurch which was bauit Principally at the expense of the laLte Bishop. This excollent residence, which has been recently conetoucted at very considerable co,t, is a quadrangular building of the most substantial, character, and is beautif ully placed on the suzmmit of a hill, in the midst of lawns; and. pleasure grounds, surrounded by an ornamentit and nicely timbered Dark of nearly 62 acre-, and bounded on the south by the river Psoomne. The internAl arrarasetents, -which areaRs complete, moove. Ltient, and comfortable as ma possibly he required fer the occupation of a large family, consist of 25 prinelial and gecondary bedgihambers, umost of them of large dimensions, dresing rcn,bt rooms, elons landings fitted with dress-closets. n w-lrdeta. bc. an i~r wing aprt irons the rzincIpal roorsass gnine servants' rooms, laundry, do.. wit seart= sWetrcso. On the groud dloor a portico enstransce leading toe t P ineipal 0b11, Inner hail with cmpItal staircase, elegant drawing room 331t. by 21, dinilog roomn 32(t. by 23. cesh 14f1. high, with French win6dows opening in te terrace, the ceilings decorted In co Isastmoeuts with polished oakc doora ana statuary marble chimney pie. es, an ante-room between the drawileg and dining roores, forming also a passage VWa to the gardenis ard hIl.1, library 32Ift, by 22, with mahogany tookosre6s, study, mengistrates' rom, and strong cloget, a privAte chapel, bsamttfnlly fitted up, having; an entrance irons the garen te dorsonthe ground end principal flcosorea principaf of Mihmhgany, sod the mnansion is heated thrcoughout with hot ale. The domestic offlw are extremely well arresned Including a spacious kitchen, sonliery, still rooma, honreke'eer'a room, butleres pantry, servanta' bail, larder, hakehoure, drary, urewbouse, capital bis ned wine audt other ceilars. Detachece is a- most substantiallyerected building enclosed by a lofty well and paved yard, consIsting of standtig tor threearriaces. stabling for eight horses,with lofts over, coachman's ledge, gardener's cottae graperles forcing-pits, four wellstocked kitchen gardens, enclosedby lofty wais an clted with fruit trees, kiteb, usarden), oowbouse, cost stabling. &o. A. terrace--walk leads 1o thoesleg Antly-dlsoosed lawns.and dlower gardens, interspersed wieth higblyorsamen tai mber, and itse extenssve and beautiful shrubbery. walks oboandwlth laurastinus, arbutims and every description of flower. Ing s~hrub la the greatest perfection ; the wbO!e forcing one of the maoot perfect possible occupations for a large and wealthy family. It may be also observed that, independently of Its resldent'al advantages, nearly ED acre of what may fairlv he terme-d freehold hanildEug land, within twomils o s Imortnt cty s Bistl,must slways be of very consderble alu. My havieed b tiket, and partirulars had at the Wite ion.Brisol; Wile art nd Yrk-bouse Hotels, Bath. of esrs.it J an H Cultn,0,Whlehllolae-ofJames a%rWbltebsll'plsco; of Thos, Holt, ~sq , solicitor, 7lceer tth at and ofMessrs Nortn, Hoged, an Trls 62, ld Brad-tret, Ulatoys In Ohncry "Evn v, Nlou."-Valuable IBeveraiosary Interest, TjirS'sRS. NORTON, ROGGART, andi TRIST b1.1 ave receIved instructions to offer for SALE, at the Mart, On F'riday, October 30, at 12, in one or 24 lois. pu-rsuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancer, imade In a cause of 1 Evans v. Nixon,' with the a probation of lbs Juzdge to whore Clourt the rad cause Is at. trehef4 a valuable REVERSIONARY INTHEESBT in one otroety of l21,7 7 8s. 7d. Bank 3Apr tCent. Annuities. 16,646 1S, 4d, like An' unities,.220 5s, Sd. like Anuidties, and e3,130 lO. Ild, like Annuities, and 25 la. Id. New 93 per Cent. Annuities: also in one moiety of the Tring-park EsA"te, situate In the Darish of Trtag and the adjoining parishes, in the oountiea of Eierta end Bucks, covering an area of nessly ,040 acres, and producing an annual rentil of B7,517 en thereabents such reversionary int-erest In the said sums of stock being expectant on the event of thle deathL of William Kay. Er-q., who is aged 24 year or thereabouts, and who has been married about three years and. lass hAd no chidreni, without having any isgue, who, being a sos shall astain 21 or die under that age leaving issue, or being a daughter, shall attala, 21 or be married and the reseerslonaxy interet in tee said eAstat being expetat upon the de-ath of lbs same gentleman, without baring had any, Issuewho shall bar zhe estate tall limited in remainder to sorb issue. Plastlotlars may be hAd (gratisi of Messrs. Bell, Brodriok, and Bell, Bow chlurchyard : of Mvessrm Parker and Lee, St. Paul's churchyard;- at thae hotels, Aylesbury and Tning ; of Mr. Brown, land surveyor, Tying; at the fast ; and of Meseo, Norton, Hoggari, and Trist 62 Old Broad-street, Royal. Exchange. Tile Boivr Estate,InenrsaSot America, withL tOle vainaule coppe Mie Aros. 1jESSRS. NORTO, HOGGART and TRIST i-s bars received instructions in offer for SAi~E. at the MIart, in September next, In ore lot, the BOLI VARl ESTATE, in Venezuela, South America, with Its rich and valuable mines, extending over.a territory of about 52 leagues In length, and from S to 10 leagues in width. This extzemely Important property lRen between 68 and 70 de. grees west longitude, and 19 end It north latitude, andc isaboundedlhy two navigable rivera. the Tucuyo on the west, and the Yarugue on the east, tbs river Aroa running along the valley in the centre of the estate. The beoundaries are established within the limit and j urisdictioni of the town of San Niebolos, whiceh is 12 leagues from the mines, an, engaRoyal peant, it has the enjoyment of mn d anae,piieges, and exemptiona. The main features of thin eat 180 t soil and rids mineral. productions, The climate of Vreneznela is by no means unhealfth andl, although variable, has great advantages over other past of South America, mountain valey and coast conDstatly alternating, and enabling reeldents to change their locality according to taste or constitution In a few hours The soll is very, fertile, the valleys particularly so, and its productivenes Is mauch Increaaed by the nature of lbs climate, crop enooeeding crop) in con. gitant succemsion ; coffee, cocoa, cotton, gagar, and indigo all fLourish, -atd are ewAsly produced ; some disirlcts are well calculated for the cwth of wheat, which ripens in the valleys in 75 days after It Is sown, e voepeapple, grape orange, endl melont are among the nurseroes fruits, and at Caraccas apples, poaches, ud all the European fromt are raised without diffculty. Tobacco lso in extensively grown In the Province of Vsrinaa; in fine, the soil, from Its extraordinaryv ripbness, is eapable of productag almost anything that ran be required, The copper minorso Area aroeeupposed tobe the richest in the world: they were originally very irregularly and imperfectly worked by the Spaniards, and since by the Bolivar Muinbg Company,butevadentlywitbout a proper or sufigcient application of capital. The chief works have been oondined to thae Quebrado mine, in which the vein Is of great thickness, varying from Isto 20feet, and In some places ofeoven lurger dimensions, The strata containing the vein Is mica slate, the ore las far as the works have extended) Is principally a sulphatn. composed of copper. iron, and salphr-rdCAprin found In considerable qaantitis-the scdace has varle from to 30 per rent. ; lbs working the miner is extremely slmple,nelther Pumping nor lifting beingrequlred. Themode of ceorvy. tag the ore from the minesw to Yumare, the first station on the rivero has hitherto been by anias from thence by beat. in the mouth o the river Area, then to Pgunto Blravs, and afterwards by ships to England: upwards of 2,020 tons per annum have been so transmitted. The quantity and quality uf the ore las been established. The distance from the miJnes to the sea Is about 60 miles, and fromn La Hacha lop to which Point there is a cart read) the valley gradually descends to the sea. There are abundant situations for the establishment of cottages for natives or Eurpean labouLrers, end all that seems wanting to work 'these mines to advantage is a proper appliction of skill and cntaomi and the construction of a tramway from La Hccha-the distance thience from England wrould be performed In stesm'vesrels In 16 or 18 days. Particulars are In due course of preparation, and may be had when ready of Messrs. Harrison and Flinch, Gras's-lann; and of Mesas.s Norton, Hosgart, and Trist. 62, Oldl Broad-etreet. RfovaiEBxehanze. Western Coast of Afr0a-Go~thicHonesq, Cape Coat Caitle. lately the residence and prnia tor ftelt hmsHto,E MESR. OTON, HOGGART and TREST iVTJ have received instruettoas to offer for SAL~by AUCTION. at the Mast. London, in the montli of Septemnber next, Iuless prevloosly sold by private contract,) avaluablo TItEEHIIO ES1TATE, known eas C-othio House, situate in the town of Cape Coarat, within five minutes' walk of the residence of the Governor of the British rettlementa on the Gold Coael, It comprises a capital house, enbestantlally built of stone and brick at a cost of upwards of 10,640, containing numerous bed chambers dressing rooms, and sitting rooms, picture gallery, entrance halandobb, cmpltedmssioollcs, ndeeraccommodation for a famiy, lsoerysupriortorsont's bsemet, large ysrd, good garden cotaining three moms, stckn ad shd,an ther olae, fies, the whole adapted o andrg mtercWantleeso Mtabishme Pariablearhs,ma behad Sitock ot a Birassfounder and other Effects, MI,ESSRS. BAlLAY sand SON will SELL by A17O1.. TOIOattsirWarhoue,42,Wood.street, Cheapelde. on Thursoay Annrt21, a 12 al te nat OUSHODV URNITURF,, cron. prlsug 0 ion ad I anFrenh ed oherbedsteads, leaither beds andbedin, asetads chet o drwes,dressing glasses dinng Newimston, Snrray...Important Freehold Estate. 1 rESSRS. BAILEY und SON ore instructed to LU. ELT, by A'UCTION, at the Mtart, London, on Thursday, Betatember 3, at 12o'clock, Ia 14 lois, all that valuable FREEHIOLD PROPERtTY. comnprising It houses and msvsern fronted shops, In the host part of the Hlgh-srreet, Vewisgton; 42 houses, forming the whole of Newington-crescent, and the Giraffe publihouot, at the corner of, and 22 housee in, Petiton-place, wish extenaive fctory, warehouses lb iAffeTaven, andth Nremwingt avon.orscn IReldin Hinground rents and reverion, u. at 12hobexpiration of the grudExsreautotsalf renltale about ain000 pher annUm,E aricLar mayNITbEba 14dAaysngfour-post syaleat thed AuctioneMat;fMesdsrfs.Ttham, bpton, Johnrsons. andto dpton,r2, Anwe atinfrand o ofthesrs Bailey appndagso,4, Wood. Le t ESSry . D,u b, anBAKdermie cand eSON cwimn ey-lL bys mirroACTON onin thd Premisoes 2,abam chton-elao, witbLabustopartwo on Tesday Aug.asea, mat12,uy dhireto mofbth ExGe uors lof thbe. ldat Mrl amlitbneultes,kthaHOSEoL bUeITUeedhedcoprisinigtfor-est,e Arban, andalgFreurdlo bedsea.Ds, feather beds mSon.e10e, chpersts of drawew, shwer bTh, andoherchambe applendgs erynw taaetr, rSSels,D end BAddERmis carpd s chimn Ey-Lasses m Aror, TIONing ondtpembroemtable, oneffosdar, withm 7.arbetop 12wt reces boocases mahcauychair, coch,Nos.wooc 2cal, an hina, Ltl giss, ithenmalelrs,do Tobevieed hedewprcedn ing thesae and calalsgues had of ofessrs. D. S.BaeenSo.1,Upr-te, ToaBuileranoters,n BRe -Vlal ME S.BAERand SONSw SreL bytrie toM E MbON,U on the tem heso Thurs,Lno,arday, Aug. 7 t 2 h atoi.22, ros-sretan o the smD c allhuses, 2a oe. 1,p2, anphodof Lttle Crssstee, rlnsen cnsstngofsondbrcfork, tilng H stone Upper-sreet. lingt n, PRIOKETTand SONSare nstruted JESSRS. PRICKETT an'd SONS reinstracted to M BELL byAUOTION, at the Mart, opposite the BankofEngland oni Friday Augast 22. at 12, In 14 lots, the highly eligible anWvI; vauable EMTATES. copyhold of the Manor of StL John of Jerue, and a emaill plot oopyhold of the Mfanor of Hlgbbury, contain Ing together Was. 2r, 14p., close to the omnibus station at the Hanley Arms, in imhiedlate eontiguity to HBghgate, Crouch-end, and the Homnsey Station on the Great Notthern Railway; the whole esate preEenting one of the most desirable building idtem north of London ever offered to DUblo competition, beng Within dve cfells o1 the Glengrl Poet-offms, commanding extensive and beautilul views, situate on gentlo eminence, and the buildings already erected In the neiglbhoarbod beiag of afirst-elma character. Lotb hasbeen dlaposedof by privatecontract. Lot 2 cosprtses a substantial brick-buUt idenco, with coachhouae. stahbng, pleasure grounds, and gardens, beautifully disposed, containing togetber la, Or. 19p., in the occupation of William T. Sargent, Jiq. Lot 3 is a valuable Plot of Building Land, having accees from Hovnsey-lane, oontatiing, Se, lr. Op. 0p t 4, An exe lIent Plot of Building Land, Lot . Likewise a Plot of vlu'sable Building Land, having a frontage to Hoensey-road of 445 feet. and to Homeey-lane of E-0 feet, containing Ca. ly. SOp, ; also a small plot, on which is a cot,1e and blacksmith's shop, copyhold of Highbusy Manor, let zo Mr. ore and containing 21 perches little more or Lees. Lot 6, A valolable Plot ot Buildinug Lanid, with a frontage of 474 feet te a proposed new road, and contisining 4a. Ir. go, Lot 7. A capital Plot -of epnilding Ground, having a bwon'ae of 602 feet on a proposed new road, containing lso, 2r, Op. L1ot Plo.A I of Building Land, having a frontage of 310 feet on a ~caed rad, cotaining 2s, Sr. Ift, -Let 9. A. delightful Plot of 9-aeDd = ~:hving a frntage of 310 feet on a Proposed road, and onumals lug U. 2r. 3Op. Lot It. A Plot of Buildig LAd, wih a fronesge of 1.100 fort next a proposed road, containing m., Or, 3ip, Lot U. A. desirable camrrPrIlot of Builditig And, having a frontage of 400 feetoa Horesey-road, and a frontage of 520 feet en a propoesd rs,ad, admaL-ably adapted for an omnibus s4teion and tavern, contabin. ink' 25, lr, 43gm Lot 12, A. capitat Plot of BuSSiing land, approached Wrin Hoeneorroad, with a irontage of 926 feet on a proposed road, and oamtainngW3a. Sr. 20P. Lot 13 comprses an exceedingly valuable Plot - fD Bnildiaq Land, having a frontage tofforosoycoad of 176 feet sod on a proposes new road of 160 feet, upon whichlm a smuatl cottage with shdad and gns,den, orntaining s.lIr. Sop. Lot 14 wil comprise a vasinbte andi extastve Plot of Building Land, aPproasched from Homssey-rcoad. with a frontage of 990 feet on a proposed road, contain' tag ISa,. ly. 7p. Hal the proposed roas are measuired Into lots 3 to 14 beth iDdu#lve, as oogoured upon the plan annexed to Mea printed as the Lusby Estate, oomprlisig aeverat cap)ital fara,, with fkaxebourne san buildings, nearly the whole village of Luaisy, oantaining together about tlo acres ot excelent land, lying witbin a ring fence In the noonupation of ak regspectale teusatry, at tentht amounting t nearl, 1,150 per sunum - also tbO Advusson of the Living. AES8Rb. FAF.EBROTHEPR, CLARK, snd LYF, XLftoInform tim public that the above EfSTATEs was SOLD at tibe auctioa, at aa'-l erpa5 - Bwus, and IfdaJwex.-Tbe Denhamo (lusrS &tatej. near to tine town of Uxbridge, with gadaLion. Officea. Pleagure Grounds. oapita IParm, Water Con bMi, Inn, Cottages Flote of Asoo-mmodatlon, Matkte. garden Ground, and good Fishing, the whole containing 440 acre, and ot the estimated annual value of 1,110. ingtheMANION wih ls eteniveplecan gounts,tiem ing,romc., traenfarm,swithtgood o bikulth Sarm-house and alHeefoard Raricuay.taabout fr7m acrs,hoe QL) tlte, auctriin. atx Ganaway'RsidTene exteile In,andmayeo hetretedfornyPriatennteation Craen xm Sttio o th Srewhu ad Hreow rdeailwad and Oxfrghtirom Hieah op' sie opiiga ancietuesidencte, exlto- lie Odies an Farm& Cotaeeiee andmebout Eaclofso ofhl principally Cogittaes ,,ted wihol otaxining wo00a- Sord andeprwoducns.rna S FAREBROTEHER, CLARK, and LYE It e oinform the public that the above ESTATE was NOTP SOLD at% the auction, at Garrawvayi's, anud may now lbe treated for by Private contrct--Lnaeroa. OxmorderlaIse, near t toenlewr-odgea,os.1ud C%nddeas Rel-te, ~Fwhw Teidence,o Farms, Cottage,.aend abou 850 acre,i teVl of hihlleodntv morand oerompre ithg tisthrin aboudla1d aer nd laetraoods. e ~JI~RS.F REB OTRE , CARK, and LYE beg o ifor th pulictha th abve EST ATE, was NOTwa BOLD a abe Asdilen at Garaway' A-and ay no be tratd notrod by Private Conir srt.-LtraanrLatecererpplaoe 71fSSRS. 1FAREBEROTHER, CLARK, anid LYE beM toL bnor AUTheN pbonta the aboe izesT 1TE, whealsha-gaar hassnc beefyneDItPOSED 25OtP2 by ordriva te C'trcut.Lanof the R.pght ron. H3 aenry ifh. eceased,the FURNITu RE and EfetGteNHeAl.L 0 Brompton-C~~ance.ail ednc.WtL oas MjESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARIK, and LYE 6. Ll;l S2ELL bypts ACTION, on theNPreie, 13, Ceeant rehai,estr-e onl gTueaday Neo. Aug92, antti 12.t byOde of the lowxecuareraofpthenRigh Hotaung fetyufo A,ecsei the upFUoMnn rSincipE and IIEcndr,bRal EFFmeCTS fth anders l onms: includin flarget glaor es,w loftew popodrn mahoany drawing andm dimmningcootsiteg cholintzoo curtis oBruseeto to.and ureycarpexts tdinn cham.lbera appedges, emahogan wardrobes, cihet ofodraer,, domeati ofewkichesn rhequisiete,an Hothrfr atln inex the omestic ondpariclate had bonee the daremresroflesgtreal. Vnate-i toges tobesha of M eesm . F arebrother, Clark, and Lye, 0,cateLancase.- Clr,an N.o Lae Prtr . X1o,, w apltoMr eesrO. Taemplter, Onsow- aqadrk .trmtn-.alal W Famil ansdbene, wihop loee-t 1C DrSnion,iedfralngtr tatiliggon e T,ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE iL are istructe St SEL, a Garawp' on Wednerdayngff 2, august b 26,eal 12 af capixetalAM vlual REIENaOL,DI eltautreairS, idteatadboly nage No.39, onrd the noorth wsid of Tewslew.bar., knrompforany conrsainng oanthe' bpa e andore,f ninpweprincial andesecontrdar beds chambers candrriessi ngoo, oanithe for'et roomr, twolot wgitt-gropor tiosc riawingte rhoom, coandback arlogur folitbng doosroo and pnigt a onserv&. atr;n the groupand hoft entranetand inearl hallt,with per rantaul or1ersecnnmaynb haybon cvm bpltnofherm purofhete, ayt and viewed,tand harticlar had on theo pretes; oftr Mesr. Whrteystder andrSmith,tsoarritors.63,andnat the-officesdofatMeerrawar'broandra th fIceafrk rs aerthr ls, and Lye, 6 Lancaster-place. tad Wernd-Peeol i SOL aDlio,o2, Drut two adOord est of themplg- baur,tn kownfry madIny eas as e "ntls' brn agandsee Phap,let ato BEO FE A C REBRand LY , CL raway' , wi nd LYEsorb whoe ..r ath Gaidraway'e on Wted nesday Anoust 6,t1,b dietoAoV h xeuos aluable FREhldD eUighoLD PeMIE st aite ate and being-No23,Srn. tWelcosedoourseweSt, ofrTemplerbar. inon fheorumanyo AddeaseasCwithlargeha sand beef thop. where, at teuleow traen has so esimen cried A n; wontainil lng fourhod ooms tHousitin Rooms,n Ircular-fo.7antdshp and bot-agt-paslouaInen lelling fromWtlom an cquelas toc - ie theev,ceualan fof tr Miss wbacht 33 yearly tenat,nat. pie,a hmUgndrenta of 1110er annum. Ta evewdb er eso pof hea tenat andle ar thculawrseha of ;el p, Pain,uEm. soicitord6 p5 -ulreer,u Strnd: t Gronso ale'mys; hand a h ie of Messrs. Hedean OtLahe, li Clirk, and Lynwerp,lancas ter.pand;ofMe Sacsoraad.mto Wolltfcee19nuarex-str eet SOLad,o Mesuraautmto anOdr Cof, slcthe rsg 33 curt hhret of Onney MaewinaCooper HodathgainetPholipsto, 3 Wedneday, ;the Garh day'an of Aug etsas. b Mrebsrote.Ar Ezk LROHE,aClArKac, Stand LE tGraa', ihteacoa tin of VIdeTohtancilo te wichar Tt M orn Pard,rPley,th Jde troq whnttose Cortuthesi ctrausI Ttahed Iano tof uclanots t ri a end gNove . Wean cltse-qMare, Sand eerge-nteettainathoocounty o Middrlesex,mwithe lar lge yad e of M Go fan,aton ! thge ltow rent of perannu, Aplt_lMl,andT valuable SlogLaseholdri thoes whops, aondl Wuanet Cra faboe-tree,1hel far erm adpofdwinch3 ragros areunex-an nowlueto at uthlo rent f t per annum. Prnepatclsad codtaEofSale mAy BeRadOfTHesrs.endRean and Leah,sol liters10 incster-plcte,oSEL Sttn;o Messrawys.,ackehonvnzSie, o solciors,ant FREx-tEELOL, Sxetrand tof avesr. ymesnal.prdion, eolton 3sLewchurch-for long oftersnis,n ridsl Copreandtihdeon feolieatere a3, Vrulaombiumtldn abot r2w1 's ande fom Migbrdessrs.aebfromhr Clark, South De mo.nerto i dnsrldge-Ih heatomthfuestte,rIdgeowndaz Buckland Tout Saints, withL caIts!mansicon, Park,U pleasuedrounds, Plantationshe),1 TouteSreamokthe pMkano a ofe beuan,tofuletSaints, aingrd goeto axvndin o3otheM Iden and KnighonmEtae, compr ising r taeveghrFarmby sh caillage odrivethongh Chetetates, andeo oatifon L2and, capitainsll,rancndvluberbslat uries,othe drwhole condininrooman Airearof abusti1,12 rocres, bandproduc nmignagrc rental and valu ff about g 1,18 per ue,ann aum. n upl fwte.A convenient . d .tne AromteBROTHER, scLen K, of ypandatLYEs are aextenie tabiugcted t -ouSsLL,atogarraw ls.ay' payeehde an* Wttednedy ihefreat ofeeOctobre r,ate , oulocr thren,ftolwn Orhighly wamkortadntgFthEroug rntexptalshtoua erye eail pornttion, woithe Iburch, which formlon termyan prituipally grjeat tithe fe-te,estate aedt byanfors,r situate abut1miesou frods sidcplantationInetfredomvDrt Tnpopert,Stationsgo the SorotshUDevonRtilway,aviz, batheulManoer o Bokad Tou the Saint,wt sepital f mansionheerfulypace 0oth,lt smmit ofath cotiningoverookngth park anire ethe bauiful esltuatryo ringte brde,xedsiofgitwidt he, and exalcg omeaprnearlha from thehg adbb araedietrough the esae fodngaulm tate andbeutfulyoftebs undlatediapsrk-lik grounds, winth two nareatldg beintrances,Ther rmasone zomtaieKntbrancean Innearyhll, winoi able draingand dining roomes,tlibrary, toustice a rooamwblard room,eai morninghroong Itoa spanaciousof stair-casrae wth dme tighrttown idor leadingt Toe nuaerous principa workin seondar bedt chambers, ampleh domes-ll OTiefced, oo theeliaraes asond arabudfndan supply of watreaer.at a prcneni Tentisance ofrGomeoi the masio,screh off by plaon wthatint, arefextespivfegtiafing, cah-houskes, dogetherwiels thanWdpairedyards. withokfarmprmses, twoa enwalledZvitchngadn, facehingad the vouth,wl sutockdit strebitltrees,nlargesgrapery, ouer garden aiutw rcarbid,, parestuddedpwir,thte estiof large gowt sevetpralc paellyet andte-ale walk loaiengsbjc thoug oraenai srvbres mayo hmaeandvpantatioand toathe churh whichofom a veh ryapictudrestque lobjeto thealiedswtat,n hinitfo renealformerlowner:o numrou odsg andou 6 plantatinshmattred ove sthtepoet, giving tieheo vaoriushllsd Ton th estate andbeautiu Appearance, anod afirmn gre atene oppo yrtuy spcors re-misdns,gae;oooegarde abond in rca patthe onseeand eea farm,utieand,wtlag enclsrs fallotmentland,cotanig about 1 80-cm h Maltro s exte. nsive elateshquahrfrie, cmru the bes fret with artndsextndin forh atnearly a miled thrugh, thet newlsntate, erdminganerunlimiteda spply of the bnent raelialosnueasilyabrogh backto the1markentur,beinghonly baveshar remole frdomtheKinteresidge DEtisoftuay hec Idnavgablentiearly up toic the estate,anhd t whnyichatorcalmwayightbeaid very hxexavirerngesthe aedvatag oed, fowaer-cariaedstor athe,seaprtztwn ond sthe coaswt,Theo nareii and now working. t an udr oepth oft feed, though nofulyfamdsoe aevesoe;th sltek as shooontarty havdna bee resarenthremuerlatise prices, The; ano ofpta mgovdonin gthreenarish of Chston, with atllyt erights,pr thiee Ontes hroriet. or, togadethe wit thpecapital dmairytand subdetntladlto,go stone-bnglt farm-housesadalnesar out-biditu6 rcarbid. head.rstsmsubjct toalve many lt of whomoae dvatncd and wond lttde fail whoero abmuch40 Icmpr.drna wil bces r etalie d, with gtneso precdnewl, herltla pari,hcompisn abouto165 acres.stheofr pnrhen Eistae,Indth pabu 0srishof Bcland.Toot toinr' das and Eateldingroa wthe goodfarm o eidgenread petru spacxiousocout-buldings,goo gardemna contannabu16age. The whlMsaescrpeaatn Esate, in aothe pariahofaher f.ord,ucomprisngalthe tealeton partongFarm,dwthasbsandtiabs, nlufdrnge deuce partuewl huf the remonainde termsing ahpotio of anob;D ancent relgius bThe st,atingarebacktifthllyt century, witth he chares, fo hallsbandgterb iterues turngpoikrodons the builins,oentirean etowhich thereinataced gatens eybpctreeagesolthoe, viewfrym extensiearanes of feeding rhode,g open shedfo cattide, bvrth arns,rhil and nebxts it g garen and, wrhardn and sundy cloesdsesnt tof land,los hnigyfamied, oexen ofnh besth stdeock IotRan th county.hailgbe sheareUd onRthesbseands, tandthe lands ar captualmll, driving three paoucirvofstones neratly I ercythe nmruvalaeyproprihetr regtardes of wexpwense.mwith ornahmena residencLe adoining,god tablingtune co ach-htuse,fout-buidting,Orchrd. Isg sundryl outtages,hand nh plopety, ioftacommod eaionsand woodndifo precedin, teein the p-ocarishofohr frdi conhensisighbofufrmod palsI the febrateds f Kngbx g w terus onk twoe youlJcg lies, at a Bnoia teeren,Te whole estates omprise and barrearfabwchunt H ares andt (throetyi coe trualanspait land-taxl and ftkeithes), ickuin awmsdoher mansio Prclandwodwinth and, ofasybouth1,o60tps eingatrdg by the nakeewtrnpdikerado the banks wof the esowtuaryothP ntae 'o ghmatsi veryprireequ, thde ieve fUgeromdale;sta are KImpos'ing, extedigeo th lavnd Side TovrtheCate Dartmoor-h ; Roandnex th-sa, whicouhisol Or mile Lodisatoon almosEx te un Imie extntoo tIal, the lans ae ntral dry and-very prodnuc tiGve; the meandowstin the nuer ous valeysaron Ierthe ett re well n wateed, Lmocte of them stw;Therina va'sucaleAvwon tof Cambgnterwell,bourhor , ls i there areementfo hounctds and h Tarriers,hc huntr the Wd1aof tba lawteohn,Land oth t ofer fet oPatclr s, wit pans, may ehadonftee eostae.ofnth egamelceeer,SWllam fPeenra, wowl cho the pro-,an pety o ToableofarrIs, a soildc~givteoo Hngabrige a they Kiang' aeADVOnebide Seven Stars,TotnENT; Castl, D sutm eth;toyale IFredk Kelly Xeq,no3,aNed-in,Standt:thVaAt GrawG' adot the00ccWoE1Lesr, toaetebrowthther,Clrk, andLy-ce,tLancaer.hlou Strand, Wnit w go,Co.pt teetueLan s = foa t helwnb vlabloche Advnweonofpame rwell, Spdurrey. withsoe,SSRS. FreEBUuroToEs, CLARKo,o and LYirry a e'w the1J.have been directed fby th Tebruseesonde 811ther Will ofuth late Jh Log Req,to ofer forSALE,at t arawa.'s Coffee house, onWecineedy, the lit of Oct ber, lat d,12 ponlwhihen lee a acetale do i mdeby riat cntact) hevey ai ground In tho parish, per mu annd 1,10 ground rent arising from tbilnd Pon which are the capital residences, Yeo, i. , n 9-os. 7 toW 14polnvvhN ap h i ldddn L1 , e*di 'cusive.North-tesracOt leared at per annum, 21 ; ground rent Of No.5,24Orth-terace,leseed at per aUmU 12.6d.; groteldarent Of No. 6, North-terrace, leased to the latmeaMmr. Fraser at Per annum 221f. 'groundrenl,lsaingoutofsix rpltalhousesnfiontoftherpas. Called Stirling-plac, let to Mr. Stiriing at 12 pe-r anonum; ground rent for ld at the buck of North-teDace and forming part of Bruans wick-square, let to air. Hudsen at 117; ;annual payment by the Bar. rey Canal Comp sny, MO0; estimated annual amount of surplceo fe incIluding intexroeut fees from the Camberwell if ana Board, abu 400 interest an stock standing int the name of ihe Accountant-Gene, ral of'the Oourt of Chancery,& 8i. 2d,- Easter offerings, estimated at .160 per annum ; a 80 Excheue Bil (and also 127 te, 7d. cash) atanding to the credit of the parc met or purohasers of the glebe land, in the bands of the Accountatnt-fleea of the Court of ohine os, for nrpoa of purchaaing freehold landl and hereditamnenta%i tamerwell. producng the annual income of about 3i; The Nunhead Cemetery pays to the Vicar Is. 6d. pe head, for commonaint,erment,, andOs.far family vaults; andthe Nowood Cemne. tary pays 12s, for family vaults, and Os, per head for common inerrnments, which average annually about 504. Total 2,397 Os, IL.- Cvrugoigs A, rent charge In lieu of tIths lible to vary according to the average prico of corn, granted to St als emse hll, of per annum, 16 De. 6d, ; estimated amount ot poor and Ifhigwy rote, Property takx on tithes do., about 165 ; tenths, 2 Dl.6 To~ 213. Note. The Trustees of Queen Ann', Bounty advanced A%s,ico.iwards the erection of the new Parsonage-house (_1,500 of PInciome,utildshagd adI aybewihIteets ~whq vannual pa m deaofaoute13, lesseningnin amoungto envery yar,nheum -tx rEdemed Iartirclard mato had 21Ade T pier t ate sle,at h inge Oxfobrd Black BoMLV, Camride; Messs Bt di and Gun.tysiutODi in, t.RSO. Gre Winchestoutoatre lghity;atdereawayo's;eand att bePh Nil Im eto1 z ifloeerrac esno.-.9xcellKenxpt aeold Prvae Hmeal. areol o ;-dances,levattmoat ent amount bare gard annum .LI.I are nstruted t SELLby rAUTION,atl GManrwa In ctbe nx~TWLVEcoveilntan peeaanl,sluaoofi siCbanoery.-"- Eltes v. Goodnon" and -"Roears rAtue.," sauor,hM ~~~~~~Mgalson aud a D3emeesn of OD acre_N ~~~~~OW O and a balf from %be ~owsc and sail. _PRBROTHER% CLARK, and LYE a' raway's, on Wedniesday, October1, tIlluloloa,pusant to an Order of the Hl2h Ooarc of Chacer adein hecrauses of " 5iloe v. Goodeon" ana '- romc v. Litle, wih he pprbatonof the Judgeg to whose Court the ssid caue s ttche, heCANON-HILL ESTATE, situate akt Bray. wien ner te vllasuad chutch of Bcay, on the Berkshire aide of theT~,mes ooy l nlle'fronm the town and station. of Maiadeihead, comprsinga caital Manin place oni an eminence commanding tthe nirur?ve fV no Aldear Catle,Eaon0College,aLnd the ri~b adjacn conryn cotinnumaerous Principal and secondary bed chamber. nurseie,tlUara room, spacious lofty drawing raon, and goGd dinn rom bntakfast room. ttudy, and a c,ruplete suite uf domesti offices extensive stabling. cOnach.h-ume and farm EremileesCsPltal walled garden melon ground, a range of hot- nue ec-oise, ahnd vinery; beialuliru lawns anid dlower'Sc dent, pleasure gtouuda embeUllshed withi ehoioe shrub*, gacTea terrace and turfwalk oreanental eheet orwater,and about 60 acres af parkike land stnided with tImber of larTge growth. akvesue, aLnd beltd Of Plantation In the OooCuPatio of Edward E, Palmer, req., at NM0 Der annum. Also thre siuperior Cottaesi, with, large, gardens, posessing goa frontage to the road from BriaMwle to the church, let trepecta le tenants, at low renta. The whole in frehbold except a small porti4a which In sanithold, xubject t-o a herlrot and a triffing ault rn.The Toter-opert Ymayte siewede betwlkeiswenlly, ol Tedyand-od caser-pla aptl trice, etad;prtclasaloma e ham attereerne%ald aotueI the neIghofurhood of ubelittP. Pjrkolik 3ead.w oLandsr the whole admirabl adopted for the erection of dret-clast villa., being within half a mile of the Homigey Sta ion and 20 minute,' of to-deo. M14ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARH, acid LYE ikare instrutebd by the liepreentatives of the late Thos, Rhodes, Esq., to SELL by AUtcTION, at (Carraway's Coffoeehouse. In October, innumerauslots, a muda ible FfRLrHOLD 0 ROE'ERTY. land-tax redeemed situate between Muawvelt-hill, in theo parish of Clerkeuwell, and Wood-green, in theparish of Tottenhama, bounded on one aldd byl the main road and on the other by the Great Nortbern HAllway and the New River, only~ half-a-mille from the Hornser Station c ompriging a capital brick-buit residence. contatining numerous prirolpal and seondary bed chambers entranoe hall, approiced by dih of steps, through a stone portico inner hall, lofty denwing moom 24 feet 3 Inches by 15 feet, well proportioned dinng room, library. bousekceeper' room, and cam ptol domestice officees; extensive range of farm buldlings, in euba=ata repair, well-house with engine pump oewdCrig yrud, with balifl's cottage, pleagur grounds and aw stmed cariage cedar and other timber, towering abrubs o wan nt 1 clmstuddd with utine sheeta of water ; two wailed kitchen gardens, melon grounds, kesimoure of meadow and pack-like land beautli oily undulated, posses charming views oyer the surrounding picturesque scenery, ox. -lendn lo the distance an one aide over the metropolis, and on the other inittEsexo ver the forest. The whole continineabout 500sares, of which the residence, and about 70 acres, adjoirning sill form osne tot;- the remainder wint be divided Into plots, varylng from 3 to 15 acres, for the erection of vila.s, each having extensive frontages to the proposed roads, which will be laid out with referenoe to the disposltion of the grounds and the viaws therefrom, care being taken so preserve all the ornazmental timber. That Part of the pro. pgsty next the Munwell-hill-road. is Immediately i:- front of several handsome vllas, and cantatas the oelebrated Stnswell and other prring,which srupply the residence anud otfices with the purest water, anad t~asly ee oanveyed to all the lOss the springs being on the highiest point a heproerty. There isabundance of gavetwhloh will be Tvaluable for formIg thesveral roads. Many of the enclosures contain goad brick earth; there is every facility for dirainage, The property extends over a beautifu valley, witha stream of water, san the elevated lands afford the most beautifual tes for residences, without in any way interfertag with the lately views af hill scenery embraced from each lot, The locality Is remarkably hesltby, and the nieighbourhood select, abutting on several gentiernen's sauto, together with Church lands not likely ta bs built upon The GreCt Northemn Railway pawses through a oulting on the Yood-greeu eide of the estate, and is crossed by a good Private bridge, giving the variouaslots easy access to the Horoswy Station. AU the propowed cone5, will be in ,n-or nexion with the Present carriage drire through the eetate.whlnh will be widened to the extent of 50 feet, and the lodges with the plantations adjoning wit oter onametalfeatres n te estate, will be preservd. artiulas, ith lan ehoingthefrontagea and acreage of Vearo,wilsoty drbl hrbe purlae d,rand the propuerty may h-Te viewed b caresOnly, wich may be hador at tooheailce Wlite situ.tPbebrtiween Cleark. ad Lye. M, aidnte-plc, Sitrand, weithne,particlas, Geof a when riteady malso of r.oams atUS thoe fearmy:athe7 nu ltu negoounod ad 1 aRIOn THdesRa, soLictRK, Davi LEs-t nery, deirbe Churc PRElerENT IOsabett the fubetage a5t-The nexnt Presament,ation o5Fomt the Rectory of Woodhams Walters,siutbewn Chituator andex milesfonm wihelscafiepra italbsdne amdn, tlobe fLor Marden,trantd two frLoat Danura e. i the mouth of OctBiaobe of Rochester, with capital parsonage-house erected In the style Of Anl Italian villa, pleaautIy situate anL 6 lawn, With Parierres Of flowers containing six prlncipal bed chambers two sernanis' rooms, entranee-ball, drawing roam dining room, library, good servants' ofilces with coach-honse, stab'lln for three horese. beautiful gardens, lawn, plantations, anid paddock, togeiher with about 45 acres of giebe land, 18 acres of which is Lmmediately round thes bonce The tithes have been oommuted at the aumh of 50 which, with the residenoe and ~eb lad, rodoesthe gross annuni income et e700. The neigh. br DIs eryLlect, the Population of the oar-ish about 540. Particularg may be had at the Inn at Maiden:rfi,Dxiuy lc Boy, Chelmsford; SmradEFagle, ImteFono:Wle Hr,Rmfod teAngel adSa nsOfr a Cambridge. John Clarke, Esq., Sessions-house Ola Bailey "at Garmrway_'s; san a.t the offices of Miessrs, Pabrehother', Clark. and Lye. 6, Ianrasteu-place Strand. Reversions to Mansy!lu. the erFund reeiable onth death Of a ladyinu MF~~~~~~hr5t er MESSRS. FAREB3ROTHER. CLARK, and LYE wV ae directed by the Mortagees to iIBLL by AUCTION, at Garrwawe's, on Wednesd%y, September 9. at 12, ONE UNDIVDED THIMI SIXARE- a 4,035, Reduced Three and aQuarter Annultles, one undivided third share of one-third piLrt of the remaining two. thirds hores, otherwis two 27th pacts of tbe'tlke stock, receivable on the-.deathaof a lady in her 68th year, subJect to adeduction theveoutsof 2,000 to be ralizedby a sale of a portionof the stock inthe eventeof CetM nutESSRS DlsoIoERudie thir th 'e f btird pharto the hemainngto-thirdusare fthlie stoR,LeDIvablEe o te decas BOLDa the sAmetlady, nown ther th In e,ar. 'riassm ay WAYno berck.treaed fo bdyfPiatorO-Freeh-ld Re isienesl, Coc Mhue, 7ab. g BrankmA C~A and valuablerBulding Site ESSRS.DRIVERbeg to informn the public that m theabovevaluable PIi ESanLd ESTDAa STE wereO SL NO ODat the Auctoaon the 4th Schetd, and the same may now b rae o be trevatedfrbPivt Contractt--- 5, White hall, Aug,, 18 57, atteAuction 0 reetyhedOn hesm a nowhetreatd fo by riAte C andrc.5 Whitehal, Aug,,1857 Burroush,5 abnove,PEEHOI) ReInIIOBeanOR No,.it5,re, Paro andIi snomte sam Care now for saes by progaDivate o,ThrecaptWithalPole, atnyed' Pharm,n Halme, Geedg uewareMiacte Two -Fimmrr-he Mado IronHurfleo,50heay,o Coulrn.Lv Sta00Zrck, he, DnAKER and SON 'wil SELL by AUCTIOW, on LI the Premises,(b onrider, Aug 28 aetle2, labout16 tade of vebory prmho Ttepoduo uedy en of nier acre a td fo owndats, at1o e ditto of hea thell-stronusflcrhoe, bURIT yE foal,v handsome2-yah-oldanag colt, twoshetfrsab sow, and other aler-astur 002i areh o rich hn land. Maylen b?tervieeds.thedayng,prior. Cataloue wonl mtheremies, maoandyfh ainge- wadobshesariory drO-aweta Cropss of Carse adToUrnipbls,wah saKER. and thu suOlIpedael o tilheL b ydcsb dUCTiOng zott Llithe Inrsewooe, ompilghtoentFrmae occasional n osp ber tWbleho Fobres, ooChilen taou baumiflefo it,a Charbryi.ation of i thaeOfod,n Woicesterd, ainn lerhwaggto n R.,intelwbay,yonlTuesary,Ag , at and thelex.CellnteGrOWury CRPSo OTSad S rAWI on cabru 1P ets, fendght acd resofbarl teeyauI acres capital sIwe, k tabnkard,o Sdane, ond beremiswuens; ,at;h osi the neimghbtourhood; wsandoft th luroughs,o Hzieuod and new ex,dElegay. Funtue Paird of hbt and bre somw,theeBay fu Carrate omses, e, roughamrDictgedo,threepIa Ponies. i canda ow hatnd harefeM 1s,oGBeenhe Plans, Tw9 Aremsummtler-houses, caia l w o,foarming Stdcd,nHay rtde twoaland rother She, Pigs,rCow, liropmn H r dles,10 Tead, opfgcartr, t0.00 nerlcs no ladrc. ook PAlm ER ande bOn wkleplo SELL b?a UCw, aostIool, one ayI thke Premisesb lorde ofota gentlemoahrave ing theoneghb,sourhoditt ond Tcrisdcayffetmhebr, andl uoll,owing-day,ate eanh Cat, tmhers weli-bmaiduge FR UE cmrsnhandsdul arscr o m,Wle smahogdanyafbur poet, raia, amndIe rother, bdtands wninetho~ruichgandengeat, excllen freatherubedpus,edn, huctnbe fandswoolattese, m5 hadhogany wingedy twadobwiemas,cheat,of adraes dressng-gaso, tiewoi,20letoabls,o wash areunds0, and oftheusa appendoiageor KRthebdx hmecn diwala sRle intrcEewHorsod,cnpSeog centreOccasinal atndil othe tatgroer chairs,lcouches, tof breautifu hnoldor1 cvabinex, h-ed,;winthe dinrl mom acre st mah og anydinn and other tals hissf,pdsa Mdbyoerd,dner wfgghe Trse.; in thelibary, librt2kary1 char andth peTs,Oeeer and irEMons,baatel riiahl. e,hiass, rie ress Cem.ar dairyw andmbre inguensils ha thve qfarmingstackcooreellabouta effct lOad ofeprime moldnand Fnewmadow hay.30loads and wheatoandsbarley cpital ewa 1 Hend thelders 21sqwsan pig, 39 Aroennes and lOthe,r sfheep aucwionee.,Foultrhyn dung cmiarstw land rolerIs,pwater-ran, aim prior to alue.d, a,srn at w erynw6-odrc it pRes Haw,laders, b3karn tootle -lougsebodharrow, vriou tonls nfew ha making mc-thie, lodgcote,0 ron Thursdiay. pigutrough, st1 hee cOMOrnbn,snLeaD dul haRITRnes,rt dom,, addiesand&bedding,tae utenesils Irnead eu lr and deocrmrenqe ools, nsousin aye seats. 1,000 sidenbous,oebplants,cucmer frames,i badt,50heusad efchice pOultry, ptahanre e,Mybviededay prior. catltaloguese hadisesa 0.0(bltn the. premiSt. Jarrnd ;oro the auctioneers,Rlu. . otrv ReCatberw, el.Neatlonw,Sokd Frixtures, alnd tele o PaIgrocer.- 1~AR. PETER BoAD waraina S SLLLby bUCTIOC orde oftherusteon onda, Agus 24, ath Execforix, the revre ihncfigryTed damnitk, oindo estaUe soet oPdinin tabdltes,vau ablepailins ad poofs Chgmavingea, chna, glass, stL orn-ts dine servic, useful kitchn fRniture13, nMohe effects, May heon viwaVedMR th day receing auM6gdm our-posto sae. ateaoge hadio athwe, tramles;anrd ofsessrs.s Class and Sen ausetioners SI, Clemnents Slane. ctyTO&.Id,brrqile% obrzt.babyoeoi an prioer to hen Forniture of sale small ome, Pl ate and t inen,s .d oERIf ndSO il SLLb The 0r1t , Suat thefng uctonp Bo m ee 1 HIg H Ont, on Monrec. tacblead, waBermons -ale rt~ofokcase, aPeIo" bir,Ohme Lass, by kitche AU equN,ates and other effects,Maye, vhaiedon uapria oand morning of sAle. Cataloguesltheirada thlye roos of Mesr. Hodgteinso andlTren, sefntord, 17, a tteoower-skeet;d. Ln ofS theautoneers w 16b9. Fwleeg-nicest, el o lc Doketh W al h Bo mon c.-Sal ofpelset, Plan,ad M hr achinery fnn wrom the Directors ef the Briis eSga efminin Compnte to SELLByMe publi AUCaTION ath berraght'ausofgfee-hoeChage--wy Cerlhiin oneIatte Wedesay tugust 2d at 2I all thfeired elyte2ected PIEMsRSth L Oo stuae ineil-srement, ocl"ed,BeMcodssy, compriesding aiO suga reining wbreh Is D dewellng-ous, an 3Domfos hsHxonta leers far atu Ied tergof byearnfro Chlts-Wessda,186 le,10 ays togeterdto sall the nun aciery.pint pand uensl therein eam e fiinngl seurdtoteCmpn de th evrl aetspntdt t. esemr re.tgte hterigh of us-gthe etabld ptenta, paten mahnere* of roaly Ih the even of the abOve D net being ping wtipo wlhsft.ng d cmf,rlgsss,kpbnm blocks aid tee. ~ tbrcughouttlse buildings Dowuhanw nest Xh6s,16imifth Gtnooest.mabs. MESsIiS DA fIIu SMITH, SON adOK mynow be IuIaedb ivt r SO.and OAX'auY I,Bfj - tTL~RIW~Air. PRPERTYwasNIOTS LD)*lAt Autin,sonthejiSthjni, ass W~mwbte efrrby prisate Oobactt.-Wsterlor,plb..e flunduRectory W.vir MESSRS. DANiIEL. SMITH. SON. anda OAKLEr iTtbec to irform the5ipubHocthat ab tePROP xhidER,Yw t,OtsO V-lee ablel-maebldam,sronigaoeaeidadW MESSS. ANIE SMTH,SON, and OAEXLE weg to mifrmte pDAubis that this st6v PR E e~Wisy.-)rjp. ofSepemear, onTtesd of thelthint ofmnwh~raae vertspoed.ament or iais-Uaudorjde, mb le MeRabo i,sh,... Valuable Mdmoe Encld i. Inso onaVineg.ainod Cat 0aia.46aMm, Pamalr ofarmbouts5 ces, wDpithin thre mileg ofe R,oafretf a oWal, Hudenly.inpavemabklily hoalthaL Tbrisaodo we"rssrsi manoo's floorne f urom Lndon,peacr dockNSSRS. A`nIE SnMoIr TeH, SO,an aKLEY Vetiredwabolot crfomrpactr an fsitl 3RF= a OLltwoortb shown unipas sn thdoe d BelauInte oaVndpes, ndghly esGe isareteof wbith a5 oe,exple narn fewnee, ntslhg adesan tal rearm, andor gahe;prndloe, surostin domps'eaI cefrsianj maen'Bedfarm I esrhuonds,bypwd w rontshin tmbee M EcSSRSlle D ANIE lr00lH,SON,and OA4Ll hser PedCsutonfoah Pr cblotofedatezBALA, sandturi d the Aucio M at lou rge Band oflEanglylandule andTlesd - terserce withes aPeroimetl vid a~ ate Toos, hi fg oh.. theiosl ADmvosndin diet imporant POrgs Y, hounds,stand wfi3.in ama ab ortnd etbmee theThames e, ndth maybta townsi4ofe Beodigo froehle, and syfamw aret. Linte ilhburhod onf Nebld,hOgn'sber Wihy fdomur MMOW The SSSSoiei hkvewed byr partsrof ofe thetennt, and dercapittlve ou o e_tleessp% whith plans,emy heehani throhIrepaiwread Eng Hotud jssu4 Sp alug; atdtirabIn adate feore ansdtU OxfYeord tte. AIt fion oas ion esal H.denoe o. 1f.l Lofn datlntioss, Il, contham dinlag, dewStrand;t and orf kesstrs. Daniel S emit, on andOal. njst, 10, WteLoo-place,all-all ond53cmon. dnvA.4tbi:d NnLhwoewtbaedhoi in theEa,stRding of Yorkahlt., = sarlth andctingon athe wesparthef tank wolf contr randillTuesday, S meado land. Aubotut 2,17 teores are freehyoldn.66 anphod witho actfixedualle, aond may e osidettfre truaiee 3r ote caian-d54 soesary. opyhol of the Manoprty ofI rodoel an reguardwinava. Thepinop1r inThe vioAltlaeo ebd,tethe rwihamfounttr59a t mlland-am ersJ9d. which wes lDthpld bye thotouhyrepairTed,upaered oand paint aed, I also sand'"i aJlb dapted fraotlnthe timenof ae.ad It fIs stve couar tliona roeldehe oU afadl ofb daitintio. seve cronmin dininge, dLrtawi Honi 2,fo oz and 30e fafrom ,aDonumgerou bed roos in o&oewsaQ aned to. Thowere andSb.bea aboutOt 12ares o land fromn,alLN.Vhs. I an&ts whol ortyi nthesold es. cwottaess farmi beldi7ie ntoarlo- texd. seoair.th eslitatetapin a hinghsaute ncCcUltiartion,pndbnudaw narl and being tod pathe esta t o the woffieonsyret eduLLyoaug goo andtsuwntaunl tenats. ItYolverr oompacn, Dsodl mlb Sea,nt AU unsaklly. slund agntestment fuveor%tote nr, otherlooptalate, ason wvho; part alof theatructedto will produrota viewo. n,e h mabnda with naute, andhs oneitu goodteeper' houastes kseDItift Shootin, ourbing, nllor Siihuntin mbayb herde throghynoyed Thee vCourat tthe samountuto i1 astacod.-Bandland-axr. 4. te.. whichae bOth pai)d bKLebY.thenants. Theontherforthpe~Ines soll nd will, t bespecfiSedptttemtierat1 &Cofksale tlesrnte V ou= mtlesefromtthe Markt6 Wpposhte Staten fivk ofro theg iBreog Ste tJL sirethbehl fo d bSelbyg prailay sevendfrom Beerleywd, ifosoHull, 2 ofromiec Yof ,nd o foumDnouser and i in. 3ea. retach W Drloiffeld.onear Pandsto,elb.h, imeingabot 1Ies fromit eath,eN.B.I thTis pruoperty oos not sold inabl.t halfl dtide nof lots ajn64. osdold tHuion ofthe approahing lic arire, lmane ofthe propeet m nowhe seekn,and toarticuWolar ichad alongtheeffcesof Mdesss of tzaNor 0oolmitho, Raolicaor, and i or sofeMent r c Danie~slonmwit hseuaa4 Oaly. meand offite piane surveeyors10 rWaThe pto-plae odon, " a arenalco intouwtrds Fotoygve rde-lato 'evieguw. th onotmi over theaow.eseti-roaed to adInOrder oftilg ths orsofCac made i a caue "Hudon 'vrusait, wit thespgcbatjud iheVso-CaeolneaSr WinchardturiKnealyte deIwhs Cut the si cause ies taebe,iyMas AIr M ESS AILSMITH,SN daLiY h eSONs aponedfo thKEYrnxoe on avewy receiheda imtutof Setembfer,1 fo'cSLock at noon psetselys atr the aucinra,opst the Bank of ln,oTua tengland none lqotw, 185,aE1 fo'lowk tisgver vluable F reehEold PR PZRTopiter sistwinglofta pieceof h landcontcainingb1w,ord. Room, ituate a Inorie (Lrosdon)Twytord,and withinhafoua muileB ot the Wbarkingp rodStation, ofabauUU the mbfrrt Woniwic Riwtay. The In a eelines 6a.abort disance meost 100 ardes)found theadprlated. e betheoBarins-ro adatoNor theWnwc atlon thqime nrta sd of the o lrfo&s*ls Woolwyc su layd ndi has be xcellmy entAan ismmnowsl owithe thi Goadni byreanrico fivt priveaten a steet ob reInLueB The ppsitutlss . atretes trowardy, wortb-are-lane.o leadig omup ote tingomod PmMu,. Thedpa hseallthay antrct maybsoue righterofda for trate o 2. shiek-a roverthe aouteae,tionemetn readsindespe of this propetrty,an tb.s wholte ;will befun wto affo rd a . f avouodrable,oprtnt meaorw, yetmuceadaw, and wonditinsdosle wihe abl plaing ofthe geroert, an-db bavdC thronto nam goestedands wormitat, slfor th 23,m ea cuge,.- vra'etlo n ofteInd.ofTheiaseloter, 10,h thWeetero o- bu twoall-malIn tree par,ahEdwattrdbrChef CIsk Kin theforid fT od and Dma,Plistt Timbe Twyand.staterearapthed foi,seleDs.fandmisg, sudk Sa ucek sideableporton h Softh-em te of ftoUway. qw* b waeIL osonfbouwrESR.DA ILsoIT,70arsO, andt iqOAKLYyd .ecteavlyesrecived binstructioha tto ofrer frtAu, titbelsanrtiestWarl, nar" the heank t offnlad hon Tuoes aday,thimbela ofOtonber th b owing ita :-lot MAYThe hmdanso 0challedSawfor Lous,stuThe,losigFr,staein the parish sof Twfr.anwthnounllsfoftd adWinceatag' fdene ostir. ipg75, ofmpostraluableasond mao ad a 2o houseIstwell adapedhor thanpemfull rezuirements of a W-]desate.ss. ismily, and h e beenfomayers anugd i o oob oxedtmhleed sa Preerik,butposesionrose b hadnliv,and Jue-SS h iutOn thi prpery,wit (rgad t ralwy cmmulnthervlon,go to tety, and helth ditriT,ha e honsiefredfista-at e, bLot .The-. Manor Prm, comrising atvrysueiorhustentas ly.uI Lt I mrAkt. riepc, mst linty ad dlihful sYituatodland,welygadxtd,"is . modrat oulay tobeome thseburesdeceofsitine pof reo te meado,andwoodand,,thewihoeling well torgethr and having.t theron to fam hoesteada,pwellstut for the erton of la' a ults.o o vatindo h len,thie o,wih e etionoabu tweot tacre Ina ih aihof OtterWborne, ste indthe parish ofcTupied, n e icntan exelen sataylte onfeculTivtin The hoe of the. amRbledlands maybebadape ofo sheep fmarreng, and a eon-S wraterumeadowsconsit, lof sUpwrs f M acres, eandetth Yeerand Ubw" s~ond, L he wods'-im, aboutL 1.3 aes, T orming Twyfes-park are4K Meloml aa~em forath growt oi poesan imer loealet a,o1p'tnMicfieldas; 1858r.3all,tO. Theaindtn Pares 4, situate sin -jthllm eparihs fBwynbff rCxdandOwlBoary andsontaIni x175m , streetSip.yoI Krhean. odhatr-amnd,oithoom ifanaba hoesteand, ofarMhouse, Dandepremises,u and fu Oitakles,..a This lot a0 fatreehopld,wt tece. almlpTon of ,r ,whc r ophlote mano Xaof acwl,athv boonyr araud e t e nfanhie fix' e- M E thSSRum, wAIthLtheIdue and fesobepKdby LEYedcs wileincludedri thir Alo t.The hl fort mso ah Rmkoft desiabl,entr. aned possesino Ith may ofOtberhad t, st oaeioak, 18In twot tbeo~ valualet, c Ip, of aal,sue anFOd wood OWlaud, lyingeW=pa wee togethnser, winthetb parishof aebury adcoustaing tofetharwl Manor,mm Par lt, porst, and odee lards s,ithe very olarg and exield entdsh pond.a Thinpropety Is el adt p taedso h ercto bof gadresidencre fothepropietaor, anduprticgUklarly for one fo nd of hel spesra.. and themsi havdeneralt charactefrLoftedestathae wofp theatmvatoreswhichowilrsecrietothe percasoLeer ulreconmpeame. forioutlay ItulIs withinpfour mirles and the be badokf dasKa Iteesnisaal and perlyretnz lbDree TGreahol iusel-tetBoDm ired, and maybe be of~ Mexssrft ts.Bray,Jarren, WickRelng. STq..1 Creat iuoel-treet, Ca oodih-suary ; eers.Lenanet il and Day5, im aond Lloyfteds49 Llnool.'Biscn-f.elrls Messs, RBcom, Cox, 1Odand Bor lpteaek16,ty;'eoaan.Wooet,hwtyMessrso WIodhm, sliter;s,d Wlestranofere,Daniel Smith, Son, and Oakley, land- i aelopagents, 10,l The Manorsf he ub of TwyodadOaeu srWlnnets, in theomo-t1IlESSRS.D DANIEL MIto, SON, and OAKLBY" M lwill offer frSL,athMa,nerthe Bank of Englan_, onTuesday, the 6thdyo coe et athe 'ok in twO LoJTs,th valabl MAOR of TWthDadeWLEO p Ichare oen-eteniv wif atheprse.adcnantgte ,5 ms vteay lnnarg prtino hs adsaecphl,ad il nuly cond sIderbl tr wincutrnssdfnso daho leain h- kepin, n mont drn h at 0yas n a opeloe has te aea e been enracisd therrrpclv d Btray, Warren, and 57dntslcios GMRuseatdroselist.st los Twyfeoad Tylte, 1.nsew-stheet, oftiand;eiames and ens Esq. W I,e udaelSiabpth, Son,and oakley, land-nagndS, Wterh.pWlate,nPalla-mal M~IESSRS. DANIELSIT SON, and OAKLEY' .twm offELbr fe ALUOIc, at th &a narotthe Banofwingland te,onTusewday, thelothdayoft6obernexe, aths REooTXonsitea CfRTh10 of the Latih of OtWobrD annumountin,inrs, tafo thi tsom of this ESTAT1peruasemnm,thespsopentylshal fom &' HOspalebry ofmS. ross r tw alvabes,nor gees oectikenown6ans5. bat afanua reserved renteof 20.togaether with tepasbontaso house kc,and madowRhct t spoosdosl 3arisyfrW -h in ths0m mand free ofntainnreserve Yren. Thea purcase2r. thin lCueor wliave.to keepdoeir bth fechnold of theOhuse Ofwin Watcesfer sabWie aua- baihoon mtely expened, Pasthrjae may hed ad cd Wes Brsoay,War reen,oad Hadin, o7, a reat 37Emastet WI obuy Messs. Bnnet, Fild,-ndly Am-n Lnlu-giro;Msr.Tle Oommcuooccupied by Mr. CbareS8tasroot,setAeg wih a 'a able bdci1 and tUe minu!fctoe With tlt e kiln, dri a ad 'teki~ ebeds, &C. Abo 23 cres of wsnd freeholdr tand boekntgl tudd6d with tImber knd joinint the hlgh aced at rolden .common wel adDte for the erection of a residence; about aere5 of. fr6_ bold pature land, with a goodl otae rWidence, sWtA eoo-b0se, wbeelwritghts workshopandyard aQdoUinthbign sy-sa p situate. Thehousandwemleselan the o ouncf: J-a-. Vear, so yerly tenant About3 oes of freelpastur lad wel. timbered, forming a goodite for bodng Alsouw&aWaonvbbvturnike read, a Ilceo of Sophiold woodland, know ns ONC e oonining 6a. Or. {p. Aleoyceraldetabedpleot fesei lnd and numerotnacottasnand rdens. healdonIseforit Al" the vparsonage honse and meadow, *, Twyfemd, bhld frm the HolItet of St. Cres, on two live, oW a sAd8rL Pdinted P with pSA-8 doi bhng the mode of lotng, wl hortay be a then may be bad of Mess. Bray, Warre., and- . GractRueel-etre, loomabur; Me Bet , l Da eon, Ldinisln'seeAou 2Blk0 !s oand Tlaes, 1s sx4rSet.C Mexs LeanuanaudC , n'lne* Mue. BDEL Steag.. nd Lloyd, 49, inoolrind; BELL a ByiAUCotfIOc,oanth 19, Colemn-s treet, cItyt ssse We<dham siitors,- wim and of Messrs. Daniel and Okle , lman a om x M4 - *eynes, 10, Waterloo plase, Pall-mall, excellbnt Hdousehod Jqucuture, ths ezruhepepetof *gsiesae in abroad. a an .T1 HEoAnd will SELLd be AU CTION on tb. A Premit, RosE ot, aoe to th raiaytaor wood, Besi'* K6ent Is,ore: Wddedar. Augs 36 sOe crum_LsE ndd UW(ITDX aT . HuIdTSod; odag a drawing om sute In sceood, paIr of -s.an bb, a* l ,-. ocWtav sostae plasroforts. brilln plaeb~iaeyga Ersis a.- other OC<DCt5 damaskc windowr ueta, Arablealu ela.b r_dsa5 anY#Dds bedding, mumI egew hibtchd an e_eut Mab iwe.teda eo esae eaeshdfl ,tsrflse ;,-: !lNo 8^~~~~~~~ides smeleed hnUD-I L A*lJ!BABOODpWrbou5,21BojeqODfjw 1,. as !heb.! Aug. 27, atprs y, without r ae e t~o whom zsd TWRo Thousand Three :undred -d1 g # B. aaj Md-Cfa < Sum !,l,Badaeecw_,'-
