MARRIAGES. On Thursday, tie 3d Inst.. st St. Peterburg. bp tho Rev. Dr. Law, VhaPl.lu to sbe British Xrobaasy. &lfreel Octasins, sont ot the late3 Henry Hill. Esq. of Liverpool, and Ashatd al, Oheehiro, to Pti. beth AIcoe, daoghter of the late J. Dr.rs, e of S. rtteI6. bo. On the 8th inst . at Edinburgh, by the RPe. 0. H. Bteuna, of a ing, J. T. WiUiams, FAq., Hadlesas b1edi-j Servie eldeet 8on of the late John Williams, Enq.. 4. Westbourn.s-street, Hyde-p,,g, L-ordon, to Flora daughter of Thomas WDougsll. Feq., of sknsills, penlulick Oa tie 9th Inat., at Dnufermline, Fifeshire, by the Rev Robert Thomson, George Srown thweus. IEaq., Iirtdport, to arusan, 'Youngeat daughter of Jasnees xathewon, Ens. On the th Inst., at Brussels, Augustus r. Wolff, Esq., of Lostdon, to Isabella, only daughter of th M iyas, Req.. of BrusZels. On the Bth os ,at St. HarL's, Tenby, by the Rev. GeorgevClark th rector, a-ssisted by the Rev. Robert MaynardL 'vioar of Wornnlieihton ancle of the bridnegroor, Georgo laquharson King, Crq., of Croydon: Bon of the late George Rilh'ard Elirw. euQ., to Anna, Youngest daughter of Anthovy Ulgbmore. Eeq., of Tenb7. Onu the 10th inst, at St. Mar3ilebone Ohurch. by the Rev. J. Betlew. R.O.L, E. J. Brand. Esq. of Western Villas, bMaida-hill 'west, to Gertrude. soungeat daughter of the late Thomas Dickins, Esq., of .Kilburn Priery. On the 10th lnat., at St. Maylebone Church, by the R lev. J. . Bellew, SOCL., H-erry Francis Dlckins, REq., of Carlton Villa. 2elda'vale, youngest son of tire late ThomasaDzokrzns, Esq., of Uburn Priory, t-o Lucy Oathestie, youngest daughter of James TN,venor, Nq., of Pineapple-place. On the 12th Inst.. at Matylebone Church Prb LWestherley, youngest eon of James Weatherley.Knockholt, SevenoaklRent. tO Stsan, eldest darghter of the late John MorriJh, builder, of da ehester-aqtuae. ,.etes,Mn In th 2hIs. tS.SehnteMry.S.Jh'.orby the Rev. Edwayd H. Neloou,Incumbent. Jean1Henri GuermonVre?, e%q., toCharlotte Saba. younogest daughter oftheolate .ev. ThiomasFoster, of Teteham Rectory, and Olapharns Surrey, On the 12th inst,, at St. Idary. Isllngton.,agnee Sarah. thIrd da%ughter of Mr. John Ives, late of Queen-etreet, Holborn. to Thomas, eldest son of Mr. WOilam Best, of Hsnrletta-stteet, Cavendlitb-square. Ona the 12h Inst.. at ihe Episcopal Chapel. Inveruess, by the Right heY th Bihoa? ora an Rse,Josph,elestsonofJoseph God. On the 12th inst., at St. Gllez'gs'eiHnoth er.sien by the Rev. hm Beet, M Onalyes onrarnr of the lat arPtrmLuke Doges,aod Kothser t London to Margaret, third daughter of the late John Francds Holder news, ReZq, of Prethan.
DEATHS. At Meeomt, on Sunnday, Msay 10, deeply lamented Vet mlary Surgon Charles John Daweson, Bengal Arteilry, and EIizA bhi wife, both mourdtred by the rebel troopers of tho 3d Cavalry. Kied by the mutineere, at Jhandl, on the Sth June last, Capt. John Dunlop, commanding the left wing of the 12th Rti. N.L, aged 34, aon of the late CoL, Wu am Dunlop, of th o Beugal Artmy. KOted In the mutiny at Bhyran Obat, In C , ode, dDt. JoI Johdbert Longuesille Clarke, in his 2Gth year, of the 67th 1toe. Bengal Army, Assistant.Commie2ary in Oude, and wecond in command of the 3d Rugt. Oude Irregulars. On the 4th Juie, at Allen a d, fara D rplMxy e Malor pegar Moorhoue 3tlh Rest. ght J ary, &nrgaratn Paymaster, omr f)tthe 21st Auun., at te Ta-untoe Mrs. Harriett Pearson, late of Bronipton, London. On the 27th Anz., at Montreo, Wiam, eldest son of the late John Wood. Bet., of Scale, Surrey. OnL the 21st Aug., at Gibrakltar, Ann, widow of the late Ilenry Sesido, Es2., aged 69. On, the 4th Inst.. at the L.ghtwoods Rouse near BIrugIngham, Inry Goodrich Willett, llsq., aged 63, justice of the peace for the counttIes of Blaffurd, Worcester, and Ilaop. Ot the 7th Inst.. at Bruselis, Loisisa Ceraldine, youngest daughter of Abgernont W. B. Grerfie, Eiq. On the ith ilst., at rsasworth, El aboth, the beloved chIld of W. Collins, Esq., age-d 2 yes,,x and 11 maonth& On the 9th Inst., at her resIdence, 6, Clarendon Villga, Iridgeroad, lanmneronsith, Harthba widow of the late John Bwall, Raq., of CrTom nea House. H.ounfae, o, aged 56. On the 10th inst.. at Glenarm, Francis D. FInly, Beq., proprIetor o the Northern Whig. ua o On, the 10th inst.,at Wrksworth, Mary Margarate, the wIfe of Major Burt. On the labh Ist., at No. 5, Howard-place, Edinburgh, Mary, lats pnrvivlng daughtef of the lat IdaJor George Bay. of nvereek, in her grth year. On the llth Inst., at Clapbaw, Mrs. Karno Brlsooo, aged 56, Ont the Ilth inst~, soddenly, from the ropture of a blood-veseL, at hig residenco, 26, &tonltague-street, Russell-square, EAward Praacis L-oidale, Fsvq., aged 46. On Friday, the 11th Inst., at 17. Cumberland. terrace Rogest's.park, SaraLh Elizabeth, eldest daughLter or the late John Wedgwood., Esq. On the Ilth inst., in London, Mr. Chiarleg Green, of Buntlagford, In the 00th yeakr of his age. On the 11th inst., at Bedford, Capt. Frederick Troilope, aged 360 of the Bengal Armiy, posusgeet eon of the late Rtear-Admilral Trollope, C B. On Nrday, the I1th Inst., at No. 1, Adelaide-terrace, lIord, Char, lotte, the bdovcd wife of Mx. John Archer, late of Hoxteo,are,. Luondon, In her 74thyeca. On the1lthi Inst.. at the borneof hereon-In-law, W. B. lIetmming, :Esq., Addison-road north, deeply lamenete d ar77 Mary Stoe. rellrt of the late J ohn Lawson, Esq., of 8hoo I= andsecnd z~i,n daughter of the late Sir John Pinhomn. adscn uvn On the 11th Inst., at Tiherton, In the 14th year of her age, Laure, tke fourth daughter of C. G. Landon. late of the Bengal Army, On the 12th Inst., at his re'tdence 1i, Cambridge.treet, Hyde-pant. Frqanois I-rankland Fothergilll REq., age 59. On Saturday, the 12th Inst., after a short illness. Thomas lonlagton W. Weeton, Eeq.. of BarnsSaied Court, JlereforrlBhxe, and SuttouPlae, Surrey. Rt. I. P. On the 12th inst., at his reslidence, Clyton.plawo, Peckham. Richard Andrews, Esq.. late of 5, HIgh-etreet, lit. Ulilaea', in the. 73d year of los age. On Saturdsy morning, the 12th Inst. at. Plontefract, William Moxon, Esq., J.P., oneo 01 the directers of tle LeeFh, and Yorksb. Railway Company. A gentlemnan blshlyrepected for his moral worth sounid ~udgnseot, rrrblic sipIrit, sod great liberality Its the suppert of benevo.. tent and religious InstitutIons. On the 12th Inst., at Wincbmore-hill. aged 16, Jane, daughter o1 the late Alfred Bartholomew, Rut., architect, of Gray's-Inn, and granddaughter of Jacob French, Esq., beloved and deeply regretted by all who knew her. On the 13th Inst., at ItRnmgate. after a few days' illness Hlarriett BUDSeley. the helored wife of Mtr. Ch&rles Itoope, jun.. of 0, Cadoganterace. Chelse. On the l3th inst., at the residence of hIs father, Captain Percy Swott, Newport, Ise of Wight, Captain Percy Irancis Gother Scott, Rt.A. On the 13th inst., at New Hasupten Middlecex, In her &3d year Mr.Lusa Turnbull, relist of the late,'Br. WiUllam Turnbull
T o Ba , 11n s Deb tables, Crovdon, T ocl,alpagne% a AY l t;l apital hakaud Lereot hunter, UI ORSE W TED, to ride and drive; also a Ughe ho heated wo r-STeal Carriage Harness, Saddle, and Bridle. Tho bors to be well bred. e pacee. light moutb, and treotable. Apply lylotter oly. with il ll partilarsr, to Z. Y., 39, Oxford-street, W. fORSA-LE.a SHOOTING COB,very poswrfu,nii_t F goad aotlo14hbands hgh; a Shetland Pony. Ters handsome ant quiet; rlso a Skye Terrier Dog. On iew at the livery asiableo. 4, Pelham-street. Brompton. fHOMSE and VAN WANTED, togeth or sepa- ratels. Mlast be strong. hlght, and in good coaditien. Auy ersonb having the same to diaoe of may hear of a Durchaer by applying to S. and 0.. 50, Lower sore-treet, Lambetha WELJL-BIED BAY COB, very neat, abot 14 hands. has cared a lady. Hlehasbeen ridden anddriven *n a dog cart during the enmser, nd is a iry rood little horse. Pr-e 221 g,sseas,-1. Clan asell-road, BrIxton.near veingn Churcbt.ltor T OR SALE, the property of a clergYman, a beautt. F' ful BAY PONY, 31 hauds, nearly thorongh-bred, dye years old, arong rctive, and perfeot in hls pae. Quiet in harness, and warranted sound. Also a good low Dog Cart and Set or Hareas, Inquira at Mr. Gardner'a. grooer, Aender-hi4 Wandsworth-roa pDHAETON HORSES.-Several pairS of BAY, X Brown, and Gray PHAETON and BROUJGHAMI HORSES. well adapted for noblemen, Rentlemen, and profesIonal men. Price from 0n 5 go 130 gulneOa. Trials requested prior to purcha3e-.a_ s Central Repoitory. St. George's-road, Newineton. rnWo handsome BAY GELDINGS, albargain, orthe X owner will let onO four montbs for his keep-five and six years old, 35 baTds 2I high, good saddle hiorses, and perfect phaetou horses fast, with grand actiou. Warranted sound. Plrice 30 and 15 gulneas. Apply at Swan livery stable St. Martins-lane, two doors from Longagore. DuN 3ES.-For immediate SALEA a bargain, under I crcunaanre.a AIR of tbo bandwomest PONIEsi *in Lonfo,c121handse high,5 both five years old. teen constantly drIvan by y, and rdden by a young lady and gentleman. Warranted sound. SolOd e'-ratrate or together. InnulrefM r, uLa,1,8uharc Manch~~ter.oqoarof Mr. Drman, 15, Sooth-street, 1)IUCE 37 GUINEAS.--Handeomo 13' h2and8 ARA IAN PONY, Park Phseton, and iarnees, quiet for a ladsse nse, In r-erfat order. Headed DrivIng Phaeton,18guInes; dlelsean Dog Cart, 20 eu~g2ess; Headed Albert 18 and 35 eolneae csrcrslar-trorted Breushaun, 40 guinea,, in perfect order. 100 other carraerlat low palcee-At Feltenies, 1 and 3, Old-street-road 4uR'L,; and DOGS for SAEa Chestnut Geld .. ing, 15 hands 3 lushes high, a perfect bronyham horse, rides wvel, and warranted sound; a Brace oc Setters, and a Retriever, aLl trat-rase dogs, having been ebot over twro easons. Priceno obJect to efSecs a sale. Appl y at 2S, Glooester mewe es8t, KlZnig.treet, Gloces2ter. Fj'1U2R 35 GUINEAS onijaE tho property of agetle- masn, havi2ng ,no furthier see or t a atrong HO P Y teetbe recprate. Also a choice ot several Phhetons and Gigs, suitable for cobS and ponles,oz elegant deOgn,at half their value.-4,nr -p Old-rtt City-road opposlte the cab stand. 2T2W2 bo DISPOSED OF a bargain, the property of a gentleman, a fis-cas HkER, up to great weigbt. H -isa brown gelding. sx yeara old, 15 hand 3 inones hPgh. warranted souand and an, rassonahlstvitalwllbbe allowed. To save trouble, price S0 LiORSES from YORaSHIRE.- GEORGE NJ AY MARK, ot the Horseshoe Stables, Stone-end, Borough, hasjutr,oelvedslotofirst-cara RORSE S from the above county. wihlbDIU be on SHOW TH1Is DAY, consisting ot several pirs ot carriage borses, aLo some good broughamr phteton, anv ridng horses, and houdndle,rsu.a bahon a by SoTNUT HOmSE 15o hatnds, i ail Phaeto t,mpe. cushions, Dc., compRete for £45, the proPerty of a entla man hfvIng no further use for it. The horse is powersul, adi warranted quiet to drive or rind. The chaiso wee boit to order at Christmas last, and is a wltogether a respectable tuen-out.-At. Waler'a slery s'hle Coleman-streoe, city. The owvner can be referred to, dora by, fromesb jORSE:S and SPORTiNG DO(iS.-To be SOLD H s one-half their value, the owner going to india a BROty atlD ING. 15hands ol inches high, fre years old,wtlh aedingand 6 yntsncd, ridden as a eharger, carries a tady, and befn in harness, also a Sbstriwg Cob, pointers, aettersi retrever dgandissa keepry dog a Nsw"outdlagd dog, a RuseFaD boarhound, and a double-barreled gum by , legr.-thgbles. South mews, Boath-street, a bnchester- qna2eh rjpUIISDAY'5 SALE: b4' AUCTION, Sept. 15, about t ONZ IwRrt D aa OReobeS, with a groat varney ot carriages, harness, &c. Several lots are wiuhout reserve, The horse, consist carriage, pheeton, and brougham horses, hunters, hackh, cobs, and onie, from the s,ndsoe noblemen and gentlelen, somed ltely Im- e from Ireland; and strong cart and vard horses, adapted for town or farming porpoes On view ttil morlan g Lo s3ia. at Rae's Repoitery, beylngton, opposite the Elephant aud Castl. IGE2;INE HORSES for DuSl OSALt tb e C roPETI of a gentlean going abroadM:-a superior Bay GelduI g, 16 hands, 6 yW e rid, wi 1th breedUng and substance, rnitable for bromgham Or soy carriage where strength nd action reSnired and a vary comspact shorn-h gged Brown nlare, 15 hands 1 inch, adaprted for saddie,phaetau or d:g cart, with good action; also a Blood Ha=ck, 14i handsI lurhas. a nclier nunater or roadster for llght weight-either of them wllU be sold wits a warranty ata reasonable price.-, Dnrsrestoun-ews, Craf vordetret lsk r-strees, Portmand quare. s GOprenttime,and thWepurchaserWwill find Finday nooex andvc Se serviceable horse, and p erfectly quiet to ride and drive L ot 6Z A LDc Dgcb,bc St. aMa 'sa, London.-Pc biio nlalesgby An ation every Wednesday and Saturday throughout the year, co mersoin at 11 o~clock Preelaely.-ONE HlUNDB.ID and 1108 HO ES are sububirCd o MpbcCiPETITI san each ot the absep days, by lMcr. ar e auctioneer. .To-morrow lWeded-eF.l>, Sept.16i,aetlve and powrerful horses from the etocks of Meelri. Eost, Hetpefnogton, Brown and So0 Esvrn, and other jobmasters, suitabt e fe t broughamo, eihoenruye onbls and ingle barny e'as carage horases hunters, and hacks, from the studs ot nloblemen andi tg owlersie;Lai' horsboes, cobeprs,entd pne o iig n rvn. Saturd ape, in addition to the hoUrses, a great variety atnanettnsn broUaheet, clarencs,a dog carts, anS gigs, waith seta of dyuble ad tgshrness,Tsaddles, and bridles. All property ehould be receiOeS two days bceore either sale day, for publlr view and inuertion in th3 I BaOSITORY, Barbican.-Cab Stocl .-Mr. . GL OWER is instru0tied toiSELL bty 5AUCTOm n, one Fhridynext Sept E SIry vueryo Yusef 1pul UB ,twoge Hansome anD oeClec Cab prope quits new), one HRarness. Chaff MaChine,d, fCtha ropert of a b uatler relinqusthing the bnsiness, On view the day prior and J) EPOSITORY, Barbican.-Friday's Sale aa< uzsual aboutOO uNDt Dnd 3PIITEEN H5E5Qi10E, cm 1. weight-carrying cobs, backs, ponies, omnibus end carriage oe, hectitro daym prlor. The public are requested to obove thealre is no dealtg on the part of the proprietor or anY of his servants teading to boperoatethe disardvantsare of either buyer or geller, nor In any care ts andinruareServedY Ba&rbican.-East 13;ent Raiiway.- (io ose,-o rasrs Biler, RailTa Contactrs, and others,- To be SQLD by An,dotlhNe by.- ro Jb GOWDEb atOhis Re- wito>> Ba hiirea on Frida3y, Septem2ber 15, at 1 o'clock. TWE NTY. Vvary upWrTor young c iean-legged actiove DRe -GT hORSES have bean woYkind on the Eat eent RBilw a -S oldAin cone. qence fwht their in-o. eployeng ai loomotive powver. The above valuabe aton k of cart nu van horfes comrsle eaverar superitor matca teamsd o bays, brows,. dou,lmns;dvareinertl bresin2 waitlls gre atnpwe fand acigsvoly andf une erbveand aieels. O ngview ansdca talogues had t no days p rair. 'ITALUABLE CART HIORSES.-To Wharfissers d Ml I,ors, Contretersm end others.-To be SOLD by AUCrlIO rbi Mr.7J, Oiifview atIso Contritor, Baa nloru d onthextr, S esp , atd2 fMy. J Goweir, usutpioneer actithver' aems o B ahb a aree a p vaTse , bEayon, aen blac,wih great power; thill itee-.dLee usl cARe ad ucsplgendidt,ans reTanest recomjnede eng fd rom c n stant worn, ahnd for asolute s.d view, and eatageri,t h-oi twe dlas p frior, s o dog 13 .hW T Carmlvewho oen CrotraC3taors,3 and ontho rs.-lse, oan ha irce Mr. J. GoE tor SELLnee bud vls,R oinB arbcan e o his K A Enre PL T comping gent fl en ocar hof perio r fas t baycha mas, wth igt cafor SA ndE, at ron s tw peletULAR-FROlTTED BR~Oxford-street. e-t srinLD, the pro birtyof a lady hasing no furtsther usise or It, a remarshlry I sht round-fronted ROUGH&Mn nCeary-On ve To te seen at the Trfalgar tblea, Trafalgar eiotes, and r.J.o wer, auction r andvaluer,OU R pcos .ardb #1 J A ,0 R S ENin .irt-rage onditio, em ual to nen, from 60 vies-ed from be tl 2,aon Wd naresy,on otw fher cawinago to be soUd great T(3 be RIAGEX shc property mony gentlemH gentleang for mob. crediet,ll or exchangs.- , Wells-street. OxfT o b e B een .a 313, so of rarad of theser n ah b R Elus 5 O1 A L L A H 8 e c n d - a n a bu i l t bt o t hem seao ata26.tNorth gaSnsty. Are PAETON o be SOLD, the prone yfaladyhncavly noeww the I use for ita , a remerima ly lighstr round-froenvtle d B R O U G H . t guROs E MS h nobadiupards and a ait ohrcriges to b re slgrot BA-'aI!;T CARRIAGES and WAGGONETTES tram £18 to £25, sociable and stngle-bodied, sitable for the salest pony - and othesOf every design, for hors, rob, or pony -al with l)slent axtleg,Btffed baLonl-1don biilt lnoextra chavrej, finisaed nas-'s lrior style.-Baley' depot, 1 . LLr erpool-etrest, n s-cr. Jr . and C. FELTONbeg to submit the foilowing VTa list of CARIGStoeS on thloetpsiltrm toe u4se :-Singl ruhm,scn-addto obesae broughams, landuclaesalih baronu o h aoecr riers's warranted.-At 2, Halk -pl e, Begrave-square TAGGONETTES to clarry fsix or seven persons, VYs etabls for one horse.-A CARRIAGEC of the above descrlp tion, masde to the ordr of a gentleman, to be DISPOSED OF. They have move,ble cnopy and curtains, and are most nwtut at this seaeon.-Me. Jobhn reet, Oford-sreet. S(CIABLE LANDAU, the mnost fashionable carriage of the day, forming an elegant oren carrge and a fet vinter carriagse, which can be opened at pleasure in two ninateeL Bell r- rranty wU be gtven.-At Holman, WhittsI gbam, nd Oo. 128 an, 129, Long-aore: established 40 y r n e kEVENTY-FIVE GUINEA BROUGHAM8, 27- Wi guinea Park Phseton. 12-gutnea Basket Carriage-the handmegt and beet in or out ot London, driving and cab phaeton, with tAr acpiasbers, 00 guineas. The bandsomest stock of carriager in London.- 3,Somens-place, New-road. St. Pancrs, betwsen Kings.croSs ad uus-onaquare, Tw o old broughams,£20 eahs IEOPOLD BAROUCH. for a Pair of Horses.- 4 For SALE to beseen at Ar. t. Jones's, coachmaker Margaretstreet, avsendish-quare a han&ome ands elegast CA-RiIAGE, equal to new; very light, with Colingse', patent axles and self-acting steps, wlibthittings for a close carriage London boxUt. Any gentleman wanutIng this deaciption of vhicle will find this worth Mesi attention. The Owner cantoe treted With. ECOND-H BROUGHAMS.-Messm Cook, KJ Rowlel, and Co. respectully inoym the nobility anidgentry shtte n vu1v uperior double end dsinle seated BROUGUMS fr SAL, M.of which have been very little uss', being scaroely dlstngulcbls from new, aehich nxc o Poses of use theyam u atbov mzu theirQ' beto, ug ham, r hi bu-lls, and wil be warranted forr twelve months, OARI(]S,WagoieTe,and Park -3.e3.x. PETN araeandhresmnfcur I anid S. Old-see-osOt~. eibI~1 as) eaeni the attentions of th oIiy etysdothesst h bv,wil Will "e found snoiu ri tl,dr6li n us oayhn e Olfered. o Amvz'--seto aA andbultoedrfom4 gFnes.e u aaa ,5g n lt OARD and RESIDENCE1 14,1Bedford-place.- B amIU visitors, and froreiners win lnd every accoOmmodation, T ~Oltl an REIDENCE. --Woburn-place. ajbusseulequar --There are two or tliree VAC&NCIES. where onlyafewInmtes re aken Tems u rrte..-tJds of addres., £1 Mr. eonrd's poieflce . Geat ora-eteet. Rassell-gquare. and entlmen,who ill ind ROM releewth oomfort. A limited unmor nlytaen.Refrenesexrangd.Address Xst A., peat. HOARD and RSIDENOE.-A lady, residing 'n B.MOenta:u-Plaoe, Russell-square, offers suPerior areommodation, on moderate terms, to a gentleman and hi. wife, or a single gentlemenu of regular habits. Reference glyes and required. Addree, Xl E., Mr. Everett's, newevender, 75, Old Broad-street. V AR?D and RESIDENOFE WANTED, by a lady B ftehget respectakbility. As it is for a permauency, terms Le e no-s ould furnish her bed room if required. The=eih bourhood 1~ of Malia-h, MontWag or Dorset aqusres preferred.Adrs P.. H., Mir. Windies, cbymist 45, Pnmrawn-place, Edgewars.roul. lIOARD and RESIDENOE.-A lady and gentleALP man, residing tn a plemasat part of Hertfordshire, are desirous of RECEIVING into their famlssie. oneouortwroLA.DIES. orGa Gntle.- man and his Wife. The locality offers every inducemenit to a gentleman fond of fishing. Terms moderate. Le~tters, rest free, addressd ra. P.. case of Mrs. Sibley, news agent. 92. Chaneery,-lane. BOARD and RESIDENCE in a small private family. near Westbourne-terrace.-A, lpAy and gentlemen oan be accommodated with exclu.des use of first floor drawing room, eleBantly frihd( ian ncluded), bed room. and bath room. LIbera table preieda be tla, luncheon, dinner, and tea. Terms two guineas aweeah No extras. Address M., Carter and Eromley's. Royal BOULOGNE.SUR-MER.-BOARDIN9G ESTA_BBLISHIMTNT, 87. rue Neuve Chaussds.-Ma6ame LE CAllUS has greatly enlarged the above well-known establishment. situate near the Fort. Single boarders and familfies received on moderate terms. Address, poet paid, as above. CARBOROUGH.-ALMIA HOUSE, Esplanade,P arnilies wiil dlud every comfort. with attendance, and an excellent table dhb0te at 8 o'rlock: J. FOGG, Peoprietor. AMILY HOUSE, 25, rue Royale, near the -FMadeleine. Paris (formerly the houze of Madame de Roufiacl. DELAPIERRE, successor. Bed rooms and apartinenitzunihd Comfortable teble. FI-10 INYALIDS.-An M.R.C.S., L.S.A.,married,and JI residing In a beautifully situate and commodlious house, near the sea. in North Wales, wishes to have the CARE of an INVALID. The bigbest medical reference can be gives. For further particulars apply to A. Z.. post-office, lower Norwood. Burrs. H eminent -MEDICAL MIAN, occupying a large Aboue in a fashionable street near Cavendieh-sqnsre. isanidous to RECEIVE into his horse ONE INVALID GENTLEMAN or LADY. Iia terms are moderate. Apply by let or to Z., poet-office. 15, Charing-cross. JU,ENTALs AFFLIOTION.-A hgyreptble iL pro,who hes long bren accustomedtohecaganmrl ietetof nervous patisoit, has now taken aplantilan b curysading in Its own grounds, wher she wl ehpyt E EVE un'der her roof one LADY, solely is atteduo h nai herself. Mtedicaland clerical ref eronce given. besie etmna,fo families of distinction with whom the advertiser hsrsdd drs by letter or personally to E. W., Simmons'slbary 0 deae road. O frI-NVALIDS, or Persons RqiigCr H n tedance during Surgical Operstioos-Alad,o r experience, has o ned this establiehment. an is permite orfrt the most ensloen London phydsiians and sureons. Address A. C. 24,Quees!aeequ&re,Bloomsbury, W. C. YDROPAHIC ESABLISHENT, Sudbrookii. prk, ear ichmnd. Srrey-Tnemeatbeautiful estate In the kingom. ondeda f paleae. mny aongthe medical professlon, IMBEOILE or NERVOUSINAISBAD ad RE31DENCE may be obtained upon reasonable terms, according to requirements. oro en. invalidlady or gentleman. requiring constant caean inosa n h husofaprvte~uteac,wtheout fail counties,atandIshavinrehad the hreo bentleman ofr nerlym13 tives ti or frenntho ldembaethn, o pp fmiyor ttuity . Thhhes recaitWheeraler,3 4. ir E eeeter-h nge,Srn.-D,4,opo-rset rmt APARTMENiTS. Furnirhed-four rooma, for one or Atwo gentlemen g as laid on. Terms very moderate. A reduction to thove dining out. Partia or entire hoard if required.-4, Hereford. r-.-as north, Westhouroe.nrove. APARTMIENTS, handsomely Frihd situate in Athe most healthy and fashionabnle neighbuhd of town--drawler rcoras. dining rcom, three best bed rooms, and servants, rooms. These apartments are of the best description, desirable for a family er gentleman, ADpYplat44, Sussx-gardens, Hyde-park, P1AUTMENTS, unfturnishecd, or the Upper PartA of a House, very near Hyde-parkL to be LET-two r,od drawing rooms, also three good bed rooms, newly decorated, wit good front kth closets, de,-C, M., 8, Charles-street west, Weatboume-ter- A PARlTMENTS or BOARD WANWTED.-Persons ,L1 having the abreve in let may ver speedily effect their object by exbibtitng partiouless in the windows and on the publIc LISTS8 of the ADVERT1SING HALL, 8, Fore-treet, city lestlablshed 1540), wher gentlemen and families requiring such accmmodation are supplied with suitableaItis ree. Sab,orlpcions 2,.per monith,or5s. perquarter. Paution.-No canvassere are or ever have been employed to solicit. T INFURN IS ED APARTME,NTQS W-ANTED, 5for a widow lady and daughter,-tbree good-sired rooms and kitchen, In an open and respectable situaiiou. Address pro-patd, stating terms (which mnust be very moderate) and full particulars to A. B., niewspaper office, 82, Hackney-coed. NFURNIHED.-To be LET, ~ina irst-class U prvat hone, los toPostmen square, a floor of thre rooms, wlt clsetattche. Bitaleto a gentleman 'who dines at his club. Apply to Mr. Bull, etatloner, 28,.New Qutstec-street, Portman-square, INSBURY CIRCUS.-To be LET,wt vr 1 SLEf WIHT.-URNIHE P_AR-TTERTS, tagroo, a St Nihols Cttae. earNewort Lagelawn anud WESIERHAM, Kent.-One or two SITTIN(U ROOMIS and two or three BED ROOMS to bo LET, well Furnisedlag and airy, near the church, Stable and chaise-house if requrd Ap l to Mrs. Fowle. Church-gates B ouse QUPERIOR APARTMENTS to be L-ET, in a -priK7vate residence, adjoining Westbourue-terrace, consisting of doable drawing rooms,,two or more bed rooms, with entire or vartia use of dining room. Terms low. Apply to Meserm Burr and Son, house and estate agents, 12 and 13. Westboumre-piaoe, Weetbourne-terrece. BAYs\WAXTR.-EleWCxtl FURNISHED SITBTING ROOM and BED OOM for a glentlemen, 200 yards from Kensington-gardens and close to Palace-gardens ; openL view bark and front. Terms £5 per 3mouith, or for a per4oanencyr £4. Apply to Mrs. Preame, 1, Victoria-grove Vflla, Bayawater-hili, W. TRA ND.-To be LET, at a low renatal (as offices oir fou dflling), the UPPER PORTION of a HOUSE, constigo forfor,wth private entrance, In the beat part of this excellent thoroughfare. Apply on the premises, toO0. Goodmain, bookseller and stationer, 407, Strand, W.O., opposite Adam-street. G LOCESTER-LA.CE, New-road-nu,~ G and convenlenit APARtTMENTS tobeLTcostigfthe rooms on the ground floor, one large upper bed co fotklhn o Apply to Mr. Lomax, auctioneer, do., 8, Oea1ere,Prmn squiare, W. KE4 X NINGTON - PARK. - Uaf urnished, -A Xi DR&WING-ROOM FLOOR, with an extra Bed Room If requiredi; closet en suite ; exclusidve use of kitchen. Larges garden at the heck. S3emi-detached, with slde entrance. The house was recently done udp. Beautifully situakte, facing the park. Address A. B.,, 1, Ebenezer-tereac, Kennicgton-park. r5ObLET, with possesso c.1,A A T E T TA.1furi1shLed o:ru_nfur=sihed.cossigfdrwnrom tobo rooms and dreseing room, with atnac,na h adnra Villas, Camden Now-town, in the hueo ay hlrnoise to. Reference given and requird AdrstoLL.Paeslbry 19, Blrwckock-place, Camden-town. P'HAMBERS, Funhe, (, Dk-te, S. %Y,j James's,j consisting of he ih ot rooms, belonging to a gentleman, to be LRT. by t ewe rmnh (IANNN-STRET WET.-Sperior SUITES of u, OFFICES in the mansion No, 18, with a large ran e of warehoimses,having agood beokentrance for loading, n, tobhe ET, as an eutirety or in separate floors. Apply to Mr. Jones, estate agent, 27, MIlk-street, Cbeapside, EC.. tORNH-ilLt.-.To be LET, superior FIRST U, FLOOR OFFICE, suitable fur a company, co)mprising a boardroom, Nesrotary's office. and two other rooms. The oiffie and boardroom, furniture may be purchased if desised. Pori particulars apply to Me.-era. Manseli and Elliot,mtuctioneers, 14, Cornhlll, E.C. ('1 TY FFIES,25, oulry,and13, Greshamstreet, Guildhall to be LE wihim ditpossession, suitable for merchants. solicitosmiigaet,~b ke,duhsen 13. rse.hem-otreet,Fuv n Go ldth ;o ronthrroiss VIEST-END OFIES, with Dwelling-rooms and WT Stahling.-To be LET, near Oonduit-nirest, Recent-street. a smali HOUSE, containing three rooms on th grUnd floor, two rooms above, and a wortsbop of two floors In the roar, with stable and coach-house, &c, Apply to Messrs. Rusbwosth and Jarvis. auectnuers and agenta, SevIlle-row, Regent-etreet, and 19, Change-alley, OornhtLl oTALORS and WOOLLE DRPRS..,. WANTED, to PURNIIASE. the GOOWL of a first-rate talr' I businse s. Ad dress X.Y,Z.. at John M atthew' 17 flavllle-row,W. ~~~~~~ ~~~~to RENIT, from Michaelmas L' next a ARM, of 110 to 21~0 ace f good sound arable and pseurelan, wth uitbleho'estadand outbuilJdings. AddreEss BUSISS PREISSWANTEDf, inthe neighBbeurhod of Bow. Old Ford, Mile-end, or anywehere eawt or northeast of the city, for the manmufactory of guano and oil rodning, do, Address by letter only to A. P.. 09. Warrn-street, Piirzroy-square. CIOTTAGE.-W1A.NTED), in the suburbs of London, %_~a small COTTAGE, with a good garden. Rent moderate. Kitchenx mDustbeenuthe ground floor. ApplywtoA. P., 15, Broad-street,Goldensquare. 5JIURNISHE COTTAGE WANTED, 7within s~even A miles of London. or if near arailway station agreater distance would not signify. At least two sitting rooms and four bed rooms, 'aIth a garden, Indispensable. Terms about six guiueas per maonth, Apply, stating full partlculss, to B. E, A., 6, Carey-lane, Cheecalde, LARMfv WANTED.-A gentleman wishes to RENT Fsa FARM of 80 to 80 acres, with geod farm-house and buildings situate not far from a. railway station, within 100 miles of London, In any direction. Early possession desirable. Direct S. Ms.. John Rohbers URE,Keat, orSBussex-AN~TED,aFFARM,of 53aot10tN o 10 crsoflad wth house and theMusua ut- btiding, nearsa raiwa statisu In either of the above ounntiues. Me0rado nsd preferrd Addres R. EL, 1, Mincing-lane, Penchurch- IStabl.~e, and Paddock ~WANTED:St~reat-. Hhm, Clapham. B %okheath, Bromley, or Rltham would be pe ferred. Rent fromU £78 to £100 ; or price to porchace, House shourld bes detached. Seven bed rooms end other usual rooms wanted; twostsll stable and coach-house, paddock, do. Apply, pre-paid, stating full ariclr and enclosing card to view meas, to Alphabet, 62, Aidenhm-set, St. Pancras, N.W. PARIS.-A, WEBB, House, Estate, and Commission A. ~~~~Agent, 22, roe di Rivoli. rpIo1 be LET, a retired FAMILY HOUSE, containJL ing two reception rooms, seven bed rooms, do. ; surroanded b well-stroked flower and fruit gardens, and commanding extensive views of river andlland. App )ly a t 2, Pa rrook-street, ll ton-next-Gravesend. Appl to Wrlin. har, witwotrladgeo, Hnenhurs.rd rmLno,i rpo e LE, Fonshd, te whlie or part -of an A. eght.come HOUE, fr si monhs, ontanin psnlours with folin dors furbedromskithes,andOteroffice. Terms from lBs tolOs a ee, Adres J K, Mcmihae'slibray, King's-road, TIO :be E,Frihd for a shiort term, withL poaJ.ssinat Mihmas, BEREC)HURCEIIHAL,L about two miles from Coichestor: commodioug Family Mansion, replete with every convenience, with roomy stables and coach-houses, good walled gardens, pleasure-grounds, and plantations, and about 65 acre of excellent grass land, forming the p ark in which the mainsion stands. For par. liners aDPply to Messr. Howard, Inglis and Keeding, solictors Colchester. r jAO be LET,with possession on the29thSeptember, Ai,. or earlier if required. a first-rate FAKMIL RESIDENCE, withi evey cnvniece abut3~ ils fomClito; comprising entrance, hail lirar, dnin an drwin ress, 10bed rooms, excellent kitches, ellrs,bre-huse dy-stll tabs,loose boxes, and double coec-hose,anda nver-allng uppy o hed and soft water ; an extessve ave terac, lwn,conervtor, ochad n w ihpns TVO be LET, a 12-roomed HOUSE, of a superior dle. .t. zeriptlon, either with or without a lage garden. The aituatioa Is very airy. and convenient f racoes to aU Parse of Londona; sI grayel, hood drainage. Apply at 81, Oakley.-tret,k Oadogan.pler, Obelse, convenience Apply to Mownr Barr and S 'n bonee and edata agents, 12 and 13, Wefthourne-place, Wes;hornrso.errace. T0 be LET, at Great Marlow~. foi a ~few weeks, oa T oeaetermis, comfortably 24tTRNISEIED IIESIDRNOS. with a tagteully arranged g..r4en, aLn meadow. The, house Coutslas seven heod rooms, weli*propn,tionem dining and drawing orooms and all durceatic offloes.- Memor Rolia areent. Maclow. rf10 be LET, unfurnishsed, a deTacbed HOUSE, 1sa Mgond repair, pleasantly ftltnate. In-a hoAlithj lnOcaIty. 20 mjIles froM Southall and Uxbrldge Stations, on the Great Western Ralway. Two phttine and dive bed rooms. coash-hsnu e and stable, ILTrge ;aden. Rngt £26 Taxes All. Address Delta, post-offioe, Thajaetr- eet, Mancheeter. square. DR& ~ -WAETaBUIS, (town or oonu O-Z a£s.ie.Stat al Ds pre- X~0 K. newsT02,6,Cepia TIrO DENTISTS.-A PRCTCtobDSPS) J, Ofr, at the west end. Apply by etrt .B,Bo)',2,Od Claveudish-street, W. Ff10 be SOLD, a bargain, a modern w~el-biltcn - .IL nlent REStDENOE, eitaate in Alblon-'laca, inane of the mast yespectable and healthysp,pte in the lawn of niteodn. For cards to view aPolyto Mr.L-oreloy, bookseller, Reatireg )O b SOLD, a seven-roomedlH UE i h TL negbourhood of Kentleb-town. fi,r the suns f£7.Lta er annm, and ground rent £5. Tease 90 yea.AplatM.. Whamis, S.,S Pkarl-treet, Dorset-quare W W. Ff0 DRAPERS, Grocers, &o.-To be DIiSP-OSED T.OF. Immediately, In conaeqeenne of Ill-health a genlnea readymoGney BUSINES in the abu,re li,,s. in A TYe Improving town in Su'sex. For parioulars &adrees toT EL. post-office. Farsha,n. Surrey. r I 0 liLYMA TERSand others -Ani old-establish ed JL 1USIN Intbatlneto be LE.'r or SOLD, with or witbout the sto,k in amoat repectable psrtof Fllngt,on, Forf0orihee partIclarrs apply to A. B., Mr. Underwood, tea dealer. earnabury-place, Iglinctoo. TO ~be DIS~POSEID-OF. GREGRcjB1SHOP Aand BUSI?IE85 with fixlnrea andhshld furniture, In a go, d thoroughfare. Termos £32. Rent £12 peranm Apply to J.L., at M.. Taylorls, 10. Church-sftreet. Kenslng'on. rTO be SOLD, near Flepohant 'and Cas~tle, THREE A3 newly-erected six-roomed HU!U-'E8 letino respectable tenantsata £28 per aunum. Lease unexpired abouit 58 yrare. Purchate £18 per house. Inquire at No. 26. He~yler-street. St. George',r-road, Soutbwark- r LIVERY-S8 n ohr.T the bor LE.I capifal order. extensive and dnrstSFE3SE th er fBelgravia. ADuIy t r George sre Belgrave-quawe. rmo be SOLDteLAEoanegtomd JL HOUSE, owing to thght ftelanporeo.terom1 ears Let at£40 per year. Siut8 etnll.Wl esl a 20 pl by letter, toO0. A., Mr.Bat's otoie.enn-te.Fntnle by quassr-day.Th taiini in aga atedmre Trpae £30 per week. Itwlbesdfr thehietofewtourstTere and will require aloehraot£2.i M.Bt,acine and valuer, 4, Walbrook Coming-inmoeae ApltoM. W. Farber, auctionee n aur 21, Above r,Suhmtn Lmlles est. requiring about £1l0 altogether.ls to he SOLD at once. Th petion is estaltd the trade goad, and may he easily extended, the neghtobouh healthy..and respectable.-Mr. Bath, auctlone.r aindvaluer. 4, Walbrook. mo D1 .RAPERV, Hosiers, &o. -A well-fitted SH-OP .k and eight-roomed HIOUSE, in a fast Improvlng neighbourhood, weetstwad. Rent low. Part let aff. Fixtures. ho £24. StoIcktrilling. A good opeining foroeommencers. Apply Mr.Allen. 46,Seyznour-str.et Euston-oquare, N.W. Lvaluable IUSIrfESS, in a first-rate position, doing inn handstome well-fitted and convenient preas~ies) a poot ready money trade, which may increase (but rennet decrease) of -£1,000 Per year.-Mr. Bath, auctioneer and valuer, 4. Waibrook. T~O DRAPER-Sand BOOT aud SHOE MA-KERS, 3--To be LElTor SOLD;a "aodorn SHOP and PREAIIIIES, plateRala front, In the High-street of Sutton. Improving neIghbourhbood. Good Opportunity. Suitable for any trade. Apply to emruse, Potter, bullders, Sotton. Surrey. rTO TOBACCONISTS.-To be LET, -in one Of the .JL beet sl[tuatlons In London. a firlrst-rt SHrOP, tin the ahove line, doing aboutf£28 weekly. Any party haying from £60to £40 at commend, woIl find this an Opportunity seldom to he met with. Apply to Mr. Frzanklin. 7, Beaufort-bulldings, Strand. rp be S L ,for £10 cre O'USE, Contain- X ing five rom,WIthro elradgre.Lta chandlsr's shop, at £15 per annum Loglaeadlw ndrn.situate I, Albert-place, Clareotplc.ienic.Sopfxu es nluded. Apply to Mr. Humphreys 8 odnere,Gen ih the TouhcatTe wholeorparto ge theean satocaylibed takIEnSatia alain Adress HB.0. pot-office. Dover. o em and Oatfitter,T b nS capital,this would bean elgibleoapperlunity. Rent moderate. S-ark small' to be taken at a valuation, with lfixtures, and furniture if required. AddressR. A., post-ofice,CheltAnham. TO TOBACCONI beSTLD t thesht-bend SIMNES ~S .L ding£58perwee, wll e SLD o te hghet bidder. Part of the urchse oneymayremain if required,4 The trade Is genuireo and ellsecred an wil b prvedin every possble way, and the poetin i frstrae, n helty ad ealhylocsllty.-mr. Bath, auc- TO~NGINERs, &.-An oportuniynwoer itorneqairing. navnaeu ters,comodou WEATEIEiD WHARed lartnt. &c. Au enier ihsm cne nadacptal o blingcfo Kin horllametr, t Lonensudge countong-honse.and other nnelne.Apyt r lso,ln 10., Wych-streoe,Drurt-1ae aALE, QtAHI ESTABLISH bET nfuloea tion. doing a goo business, including instruments, gashos,fr nfahed amartmente, specimens. &a., situate In IRegent-etet frec on] oe b. principals will be treated with. Apply oP soel TiO DISTILLERS and REECTIFIERS.T-T0 e X LET, on LEASE, with immredlate rosceeslon, the complete and well-arranged DISTILLERY PRBMISES in Alderisate streekU. Ln don, with the entire plant and utensils, goo-d famifly residence, stabling, stores,&a., no lately occupied b Messr. Gash and. Co. For Dartlculars and cards to view a-pply to Mgesars Davis and Vigers, 3, Frederick'splace, Old Aewry. TPO DRAPERS, FunsigIrominougers, ta Jktloners, chymists, adnhr,Frtrt PREMISItS to be L-ET, In the rentre af the caitlowofnldrd The shop lseone of tbe bert in the High-stet wt ansm late-glass front. and is adapted for any firs-ls uies Tedeln-at is spacious and convenient. ApDD frtrm oM.Deebm 0 Chospoide; and to view, to Mr. Autn LHg-sre ulfr TOFANCY STTOqR,Dealers in Berlin J Wools, and othes-Inb hie siuto, 4 miles from the city. -To be DISPOSED O,teT DEoadealer In fancy stationery Berlin wools, &c. Thecnenhsbeesalhdmnyers the preAsesee ae held on lesI talwrn.i i dial dpe o two lades or a gentleman eknahelhrsincadandito to income. May be entee nvr a em.Apyt r ae valuer, &o., 8, Coleman.stct T~~~~~~ee r, n 8' ~w to whishi added a first class Berlinwand fancy tae The above business has been carried on for the last 17 year with eroeom by the late Mr. Charles Small North-street, Tauntou. For fullpriu lars apply to Mire. Small, on the premises' Meesrm,Wliliam- ooprs and Co., West Smithfield, London; or W G. 0. tanderwis 1, Bod- win-street, Bristol. TO TILOS.-T beDISPSEDOF, in a ] . NESS n th abov trae, estabihdnal 8years, averaging a proitfo te as sve yersof£00 eranuma-d upwards, The chapis cmmodous,havng ahandome latecl front, and work- pired; a renewal,jtis beli~eved, may beotie.Fiso0es n goodill £30. ixtresto he taken at valuiation Tistokiau £i0 to£601 my b taen at a small discount frmtecotpie or ot C puchse'sOptinn. Possession immediae.Ilhatho the proprietor the only cause for wishingtodsoefthbuis, To en enterpDrieiag yoeng man the oppruiysinaabePr further particulars a pply to Mr. II W. Bns conat No. 30, Coleman-street. c ity. E, . Pri ncipals on ly rae ih TO PERSONS ~~~~~wishig toembaki th SO P ,LCandle, nd RetellOiland la BUSINESS a xeln p poruniy oferItelf enacOun of the severe Illnesothpren proprieor. Th it anfactory consii of two 0-ton soap coppes it sloae pwer ee atsfitted 'Ap with steam, a quantity at iron pn watr tnks b5',patntiron soap frames, mottled soap fmrames ined withron,withiran Pums, receivers, candle dipping mould, patent coton-ntIog achne,tallow copper, powerful Iron greave prese, and evey rqusIt fo crryngon the trade. The business bee been carrie anby he reentprorieorfor the last Ii years The retail husi. nes, wthdwelin-huse isunetached from the wholesale mauufastory, is fitted up i the usual way, and doing a g-od trade. The ground rent of premises is £61 per annurn ; remainder of lease, about 20 yeats The sum required for lease, £MM0: planta end fixtures at valnation. Everything in first-rate condition WForLfrther particulars apply at the works of Mr. George Buckland, 21, East-etreet, Walwortb, Surrey. N.h. Nao agvecy need apply. TEVOSIE nerEetr-obe LE Fu DJ nished, or i mih be had unftirrusboed, a prettydtce VILLA. RESIENOE c-ontaining eighbe an tre reception rooms, good domestic offices; coach-houe etbigabu j acreof welleitoeked kitchen and pleasure gres ihn n boating. About Ij mile from Siarcross Statianon Gra etr Riwy m mediate po3wsioeon. Apply to Mr. Lomnax, aucioee,&O., , Ocad e~ tre.Pcrtman-sqnare,w. HI1GHBURY.GROVE VILLAS.-Capital Resi- JLLdence, with Garden at the reax.-Immedslite possession on completion of the parcbase.-Messrs Driver areintuce to SEL a ve.y excellent FAMILY RESIDENCE hold- for an unexpired term of 85 years, elibvgilsituate In Grove V-ila.oce of the best situations in Elghbury, a very favourite localty, exceedingly convenient. and easyof aeress by omnibus and railway either to the city or west end. Te house is brisk-built and elated, and comprnles capital drawiug and dinincroomns. library.several bed chambers, and every neoessardomestic accommodation. It is Pleasatly situate, with garden in frot and a good garden at rear. The whole premi?es are In uccellent order and repair, and imumediate osmession may be had on completion ot the purchase, as the premises are In the acoup3tion of the owner. Ta be vlewed between 12 and 3, by cards only, which, with further portisulars, maay be had of Mr. lves,solicitorI. 13.1 Clmntslae -t f nOon.,., ver, surv6YOrs. land agenta. amd auctioc66ss 6, Wbitehatl., S.W. LEY O Es . o LETwith immediate pos Femregrvdth d.e d theqlte eagloml orralhbutildai,ngt. mn the whole about 12 acresa. The residenC sloaf pleasing elevation, end approached by a carriage drive, and contains an entrance hai, drawing, diing, and breakfaSt rooms, ceoven bed roomts, dreetig room store room, and waterlceet : kitchen, sculiery, larder, sad goad cellar tag; a detached dairy, washhouse, and lauudry ; douable coach-house with lefis and men's room over; four-sall sdable andt harness room' cartloead dpoultry houss; eardenese sdroomandpottingb sed twot Se bectvat ineries a walled-In gardent sd orchard which have been recently planted with tha choicest fruit trees. The p1easare garden Is tsateuy aTmanted with hells and groups ot well-selected marube and plants. A short distance from the house It: a model farm yard. ith every requsIdte agricultural building, manure tanks, &ac Thebwhle at the premlsme t r n substantial and oreamental repair, and within one mile of two railway statious. The oremlh es ma tbe viewed and particulars obtained upon appication to Mor. G. es Noble, surveyor, Woodfard. D ADnORSHIRE.-Very valuable and extensive -eR P FREtEOLD ESTATES to be SOLD n by Privat Contract, situate In the parishes of Llanbadarne y, a lananne, and Abbey cum-Hir, containing altogether 2,541 acres of enclceod Ands of productve quality, comprieing conveniget farms, with subtoantial houSe and farm-buldings, several cottages and gardens, also an excellnt and well-acncntomed water comrnml, called Crocbrau Mill and one-stith of the beneficial Interest of and in the quit rents or incidental urofits which may arise from the mineralz and wats grounds of aind to the manor of GoSes. The turnpike road which leads from Newtown, In Montgomeryshire, to Llandrrlndod and Sniflth, ross through the estate. which is also Intersected for a disftance of three miles by the river Ithon, which affordsa capital trout and salmon fishing. The whole estate Is in the occupation of a punctual tenantry, is capable Of gret imProvemnent. at a moaecrate onttlas and wlll probably shortly be rendered of inestimable value by railway coymmtunication, which is now being projected In several directIons through the coDmty of Rednor. The good market town of Newtow-n is only eight roil ro ti perty, froFm which lime, coals, manures, and merchandize supp1e' by means of tihe canal, which also gives an cutlet for the vroduce of the district to -be beet markets, and a line of railroad n2ow in co-u,-s ot costucmtion from Oswetytlewon ilgov reAdy aooess to the bee maket. Tis ro ineigt mlesfrm Newton, 13 from Knlgton 15 romFenyont and7 fom Rraer.Pasadpr tiulrsmyb otind f r JhnMreit, iiwd,narPey SOUTH LAMBETH.-To be LE,firnisbed orun furidbed,a 14-oome HOUE~ wih otach-huse nd stxble, san large &leden well stocked with fruit trem. May be ba at a very low rent, Apply to Mr. Ward, aucti;oneer Clapham-road, near HeLniugtou Church. RIGHT2j Tobe DISPOSED OF, tbe LE&:T B atndG UTOIITU-RTE (nearly new) of a private RESDENCE, lituitO ne*r the West Cliff, two Mmiutes Walk from the see The hosme omntaIns 10 rooms and excellent offices rties £40. For furtber particulars addre. , poet paid, to Mrs J. R., poet-ofioe rUtrlhon NO.kWOOD.-To be LET, neatly Furnished, wites NimnedIate pousesion. a esix-roomed UOTTAGHA pleasantr7 situate, near the church and statior', noz the Croydon Line, Also, Farnlshe¶with attendan.ce, a Sitting Room and Two Bed Rooms. Apply toR L .Suffolk-terrace, Norwcod, S. fI&MBERW.IILL GREEN (near).-To be LET, a- %_/ most convenient DWELLING-HOUSE. containing reran rooms, ga-den back and front. drainage perfect. Rent £C24 per annam. Or tbe lease of ICO years, at a gro.nd rent of£,to eSl,Apyt ldr. Hey, surve"or, 67, Nswington-cause-ay. At eSl,Apyt ~EN-MARK-HILL.-To be LET, with immodiate Rjpesssou, ta capltal FAMILY RESIDENCE. on the eummit of the bil Stablling sand lrge garden,with back entrance from Chasnotonhil. For PerticuILa.- and caida to TieW apply to Mr. Wales, 8, getSt. Helen's. QOUTHSEA.-To be LBT, Funsed, for one K-7month, or two If required, a COTTAGE RESIENCE, within thrroe minutes walk of the sea, containing two silting aud filre bed rooms. Rent four guiueas a week. Address to Y. 7,a of Kmrs Bennett. 52, Old "road-strtet,city. L the Railway Station.-To beLET. Feveml 1 iromeo~ubl distance from the abore. Apply to Mr. Cluff, 25, Spltal-square, Blsbopegpte-tret._________ _________ NJR ODT-To be LET, a well_F`URN1SHWD N.LR VLwLA, commanding extensive visas; three recption rooms, six bedrooms, good domestic otlices, aardeu,and water * three minutes walk of the Norwrood Station (Ereom Lice), and five minutes by rail to Crystal Palace. ApvIy to A Z., south poste office. Norwood, E. TI OUSES WATED, from theensaning quurt;er-day, IL fr fee iserioIn Mr. NfEWBON'Va Printa~ IEGISTERRof PRPETYtobeLE and SOLD.-Auctloneer's offices, 8, Churchrow, Upper-street. lelington, opposite Theberton-styeet. lfA-NOR-ROAD. liolloway.-To be LE~T, an exeel. ,LJlent semi-detached FAMITLY RESIDESCH, replete with eTery conuvenienco for a gentlleman's family, and cood gar,den well stocked. For cards to view- apply to Mr. Newbon, auctioneer and esatae agent, 8, Church-row. Upper-street, Islinetcm. ______ ISLINGTON, near the Angel.-P;o be ~LET, s-everal o onvenient HOUSES :-40, Parezfield-etreet, rent £i0- No. 4, Liverpool-street, rent £32 ; and a capital shop, No. 9. King kawardterrace, rente £4. Apply on the premises, or to Mr. Newbon, auo. tioneer and eatate agent, 8, Obarch.mow, uppar-t:reet slington, opposite Theberton-street. Hi OLLOWA1-PLA,CE, H1OiF%`wy.-RES-1DEW6i_ I.to be LET,con,taining ine rooms, and long garden frontiog theI highbroe,in thoroughirepair, havingrlately been re-decorated at a gree expense Rent £81. Apply to Kr. Newbon, S. Church-row, Upper street, Iglington, opposite Thebertou-street. fHEAP RENTED HOUSES to be LET 21 ~J Ahlo Vilas Alion-oad Daato, Bven rooms £30)' 41 Freelln-sree Clednin-rnd eihtroos,£2: K6 Upper ilemerwen. stret, aleonln-rad,eigt roms £3; 10, Howard-road, Stoke TJ0 BOOKSELLR (clerical or otheo-s).--To be TLET. a capital corner SHOP, in the Upper-street. Ialington.wish reading room, tu rear if required, in thorough repair. Apply to Mr. Newbon, auctioneer.e, 8 Churcbh-row, Up;,er-3treet. IsllngiOn. 1SLINGTON.-The FURNITURE (qiuilte new) ~of a nI ne-roomed boone no be SOLD The house- Iasltely been furnised in tbe best manner, and offers an Opportunity for obtaining a cotmnietely furnished house aeldom to he met with. Anply to Mrx. Newbon. uautioneer, be.. S& C burcercuw, U3pper-ereet, Islgton. (IANONBURY-PARK. -The LEASE -to be SOLD, of a ver desirble private HOUSE, containing blue rooms, and fitted up rith every onirvenience;, gas laid os, good garden, and a stable canlr3had ifrequired. Term iSyears. uexpired, Price moderate. Agly to Mr. Healer, auctioner and valuer, 43, Bedfordrow. W,) vri be SOLD, moat desirable BUILDING PLOTS, T.at Finhley, Peckham-rye, Woolwich. and Maldon, Apply to Mr. Healy, 41, Bedford-row. TT TPPER HOLLO WAY.-Tav stock.terrace -To be19_ LLET, in thiz desirble aud healthy locality, seven-roomed HoUSES, just put into thorough repair, and fitted with every con. venlenoee; good gsrdens, Omuibuses every live minutes. Rent low, Apply on the premises; or Mr. R. J. Cheeswnight, 19. Lincoln'e-innfields, W.O. ('IHERTSEY (near to).-To be LET, toether or se- artl,TOdetached VILLA. RESID-ENCES01, delightfully sItute t Lng-ros, ad containing in each house three ground floor sittng roms.fivehodrooms, and capia fie.Trsvr mode. rat, Aplyforparicuarsto r.T. C Clanb;e, erchiloct, 137, Leadenballstret: O Metrs, ateer t aucioeers Cherteey. fXA-NONBURY.-Nos. 7 and 23, Dougla:s-road.-T ho b LET or SOLD, In this desirable locality, TWO first-class RiSIDENCES, containing handsome drawing and dining rooms, breakfastrooms. lofty bed rooms. larre gardens, and every modern convenience. Gas In No. 7. For partieslars 9 ato rental or purchase apply on the premises; or to Mr. I?. J. Cheeswgight, 19, Lluoulisin'sl-fields. UTPPER NORWOOD.-To be LET, Furnished, a 19seni-detached VILLA, containing nine rooms, situate wIthin 10 minutes' walk of the Crysta Palace Station, and commanding ox. tensive views of the surroun)dingconuntry. For theensuing six months a very low rent would be taken. For termssaPply toA.H, care ofMr. Young. stationer, Westow-street, Upper Nor wood. I) ICH ONTh-T be LE, Furished, on meore. par ofRicmon, aemal HUSE cotaiinga goddrawing room, smal dninreo. sx bd nd ne resingroo, wthevery domestic comfrt or smll amiy. ppl toH, rew esateagent, George- IIjfRGAT ,-T be ET,fom ctober1j,urnished, iVJaH USE,n Grsvenr-plae, wth lnd ad sea views, coolantaInc wo sltin roos. our ed roms,kithen.&c, ith mal walledin grdenerpatoftehouomaye~s~For ninrlid,or those seemig ahelth lcalty te stutio I vey esiabe.Address RIXATON-oh LEns.T, bor three, Funshe,dornir J. mwons, ar grsiemnthesl FrNIsHetbl RESIDENCE, containing drawl,din ng and breakfastrooms,tx pritchens, and Othreesrvdom esti convmnsnces waecitheuseopln, Theuma homeste oisgeeabl situate, withe gtardebi-fonte klcandra, and within te miTdns,uts' wEalkgofchcow,and FomnIbums,Rnt patwocuinas pea ek pply to B.. f ns., poet-oneece, 2c, (1HA-W ON, Hnta. to beLT FuO nshed of ov ' wo athraee, R ElI monh,reUspectalESS,IDEitnChE,withDaning drawing and breakfomasdtrossxpinia andimott thruhfreegsrvn ts' bret roms.throda waer-clNoses the usuail&90domsutatiOficesltw-suitallustbe, coach-eihtrouse,kitchn, andpleasur gardes cron eof a goodcow be.t Forptemsan partiul. apply to. prmsc. Wllm,aelne,b Al Gen,TRa sino Po AeeRK. Rueabr and Canines 4hurcdgeware-r LETIorABOLDY.LO eml-de to bed HOSOLD,nrBt of toa roo atactiv edPREIStues for 6SinES,itate In texhooet rpairto on fithe meetucomandingth HanImptortantthrouhfre S ion the gret wi theeight erooms, kiahn pndtseoftogn. and fonterparicnusso 45d feto yviewapply to Mr. Baker,ontes premi,3,stes. -trao Rsue I GND 'SOPR K nearin St. Windsor Hom prch.-To h Wbs LETorSL. TWnAhd or sixml.dnahed HmoUst. consirting MAolf roots weall , arrange ixtre and fittings,oandLi Te fxcletarepair,th wihifie m1"inues waod oefec stthe oHad ratedroepSation, ordthomunibuse tsofth wes endgand audcRll pearts ofonw. For furtheaticulars and odr to view apply to Mea. Dingelo' oSmith, 1o, atndhOpke-terac,WfRegent's-a p dk eargloetfer-ritate. erteba fteLk,adwti 0 cotTins rwDgO adojoibn1, ing indsorby15 shooleproom,tudy two bet LET, Futlrnishd four, sinebemronth ,bamoth,doetsirable ANSION w-ithbestandlowg, gardens,;n pesure g frfounds.oThesxue ofd athiaq house. arei most perfectndstateof dcouratverpar A nDl the furnitureen Avalewie yo to Mohnsrche, DaieqSit, Cliontond Oskiey,l0.Wter.o-~c A SHIEURTONEevo.-ToFUbNISED, HOUrshed VYdela ighitals'stae nearL thSIeNbeadIf the TLake,sand within10 yard f it.atlehofLbE, fourchone sear,'wit Immediae arossessi on.It cbontafinsedawigroomTer 24byo 18l, dnn 18an hrout5.schoolroom study,ve Datwokichnd . hnotier' sream ninse by.Tedroumsebth osets,m andr ellars,n kitchenand bdowrogaomes. etuablin forefour hores an;dcarringage. house.bouseofApl host,andseat' Bnrcurch AupBely etto r F.grenean, aunbioeerds:,O t o9 PihFetcher. We. , lfo.?tnlotr ASHBURTO ,Devon-To be SET, unfurnished, a captal FMILY ESIDE ereintheTdr VtyLAeRwIthi roomUanB10ONd oomsL usalTombeti oLE ce, bfor 3tabingra12 D A MI.-To be LET,ouniLEsbed, a fANnIOhe, Jij a ery dsiraby s'tctoan modenggerected nsLL, RnpeSI- DENC, wthi a fve inues' alkof he aiwySaon standingre inpLeAsueroundsTandTgaren,wt LET,bn For tihreeore, andx Pall-mall. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ o heral Wjcnh,awl F URNE S HED-H andsoemaly RESIDEN E,Don tainng fou go d bdros S0twoG wterosbeLTs, enatrne hall,andiing anddrain rom, it bacey t gade, wllangrrangddsomesmti thre-stll tabe. ith an' romoer; alsnasml Cwottage ro illa, prettly frcishsi o hoLet, or ashortor lngltrm, uiatea modr ae rPHlE TERRA-CE. Pot-ney, facin the River, the IL Bishopes Palace and Fulham Chnrch.-To b LET, onu LEASE. by direction of the Exeuators, the capital mnodern FAMILy RESIDENCE of the laLte John Smith, REsq, in good repair, and accessible by the road, river, or raliway. It heasl carriage sweep in front. and private promenade on the bank o.the river. The houseocontaings cven edroome. two drawing rooms, dining room, library, and servants' offices aIso a WAlled flower garden In the rear. Rent £85 a year. incldn s of fixtures Apply to Messrs Ruehwortb, and Jarvis, suotines avile-row, Reg ent-teet, and 19, Chan e-alley, Coruhb_il. IZINGSTON.-To be LET, well Furnisbed, for 12 JL,L months, or unfurniabed for a termn, a detached FAMILY RESIDENCE, situate about cue mile from the railway station. SouthWestern Railway, five minutes' walk of the Thames, which affords excellent ffishing and boating, and withbin one maile from the beauttafl Plarks of Richmaond and Busbey. It contains four sielUeat bed rooms, two dre-ssing rooms, three water-cloeets, sPacious entrance hail, dining room, eleglant drawing moom, library, usual domestic offices with gzas laid on, plentiful supply of water, pretty pleasure garden. large kitchen garden, ocoach-bouee and two-stall stble. Apply to Mrt. H. Powell, estate and land agent, Surblton-bilL, rpHlE HAWLEY PA-PER MILLS Dartford, Kent. it.-To be SOLD, or Let on Lease, the extensive and valuable PELO. I'ETY, well kown as the Hawley Paper MM&ls together with the cOstly machinery, plant. fixtures,and furtulture a convenient residicos, yards, pl1easure grounds garen, and meadows, situate con the river Darenth, from which, ard from two artesian wells, they receive an unlinilted supply of pure water. The greter poton of the mnachimer has'be recoently fitted on the most approve principle, anud is capable of turning ot; upwards of 2.0001b. welght of narsqualpty ,., weekly, To ho viewed by order only. Prticln smaybe Of Merars HEaslm and Bucklaud. auc-tioneerasand surveyors, 89, Casino.- street west. cIty, RC.. and Readins, Breks ARWIC .-Tobe LET or SOLD, a capital W tSON HOUSE. calledt HIU ![Ioase. with large garden and pleasure groUnd, hothouse, ocscb-bonso, stables, and offirs delighLtfQuly situate on risng ground, n3ear the racecourge, commanding an exten'ive view, The house contains, on the ground floor, an entrance hail with handsome stone postlco breakfast pelour, two elegant drawing room, lrgedinig rom,and ackpauouror Etudy ; on the first flor, igt bd oom, ate-clse, b.;en hebasement, two- kitcens,z servats' all, toreroom and equiite Jonvnec, loago H OLLOWA-Arzetbewell FU1RNISHED Iw ade, A inne EOSEt LgrT for two or thros months, fcr A mrmtIn he oumTerms 25e, per week. Apply to Mr5. Riggs, upholsterer, Hollowsy,, 1~TON, near the Colle~ge.-To be LET,avr on ELJmodionS HOUSE. with hllsg drawing ro,dnn om ih El g rDoors, dressng room, two water-c .t.ad00.:aod ~~l and small padteock. Zitabling and chalas-bse. eurd Aply to Mr. J. Si. Barton. upbolet,-ror. Ifton NJ. 1-7, KENSINGTSix-1SqUARE.-To be LET, a £Nagood F&KILY 11015%, In substantial and ornameuta re. pair, gare. gas and water laid on. Rent only jetio a year. Inuiuro on the nrercse; ore.! Mr. Ohests,to.hu gn,LwrPlifoe place Kensington. h~i.LwrPilaoe FIOTTEN HA .Ret T es, ad Riwy 1 i gteas.-T beLT,ILARSDNE,sgtlreom, cheerfully situate hab aml rnhg od,adna akSaIn Gravelly Poll, well drIe,a ecletwalr Patclnat Mr. Manley Wettberfield,14Bsnhl.ret dsslction of 20 percent. in season tlckel to occupier. Appl to E Abrahams; auctioneer, Taiokenbamn. UETACHED weU FURNISW6ND VILLA and D) harming grounds, for twro months, to be LEI, at a moderate rental, the objeat bring more that tbe DI ins shall he Property taken care of than profit No children. Apply to Mz, E. Abrahams, atuo, tioneer, Tavlckenhwam (~ROYDON.-To be LET, wrih Im oit os- sdon, a firt-alas. FAXMIL RPSIDB E, otiig ih e rooms, and evrery modern convenience.Godsde,oigrelun clhulk. For further particularsapply to Mr. F et ,Calterw ~tLIFTON-GADENs, Maid-hiLTo be -LXT ~J ,t£10 eranum on o tes fre-ds.FAMILY R1ISi' D CRY-TERRACE, Lower-road, si`ogton-To b. RLET. at the low rent of£45per annum, a superor eight-roomed ROh O&with portico entrance a',d garden rront and rer, well suplie wth xcelet water, and wiLhin five minute.' walk of omnl. bunotect,faee.3d. Particlcnl'of the owner. Mr. Tolsman,i70, Gowl-set rMr. Acoks, 282. Rlegent-street, corner of Margaret-it. WRO D-To b LET, in the bet and most LP peasat pat. aFAINILY REBIDEC:cnain noble re- Offies-he rainge ertoc' Appy o th preise, Lnedwne-ter, tion a speror bilt ix-ooedhOUS, ftted with erery roqulsiteconvnIene, halthly sinat on ravllsol, in a highly respectable eighourhod. msnelIat comunictionby rail, ormnibus, or erto all ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ =prsorlltt 69. encurobslret;or t 5,G., ey Arlago DELGRAVTA.-To beLE V (rent n ae I Bigninea), a gestlemanl) RESIDENCE -wit omndn xe rior. Portico entrance,lag plate-g.ae wind'sws,anlrecnertory ; handsomely decoratemrawing roomg, dinigrm,iba,an good third rooM On ground floor, In oil 15 roomis, rpeewt itr. as blind., hot-water bath, and gas throughout,Aplat5,Gn crster-etreet, Beigravia, RIGHTN.-PrvatHouse to b e,Frihd B -A genatlema%leaving home trim indleolln ol E i HOU8E, in 'Mont rplc,Brighton, o a loI ro hotrtr. to a quiet small family, at fromn four to fire gula e ee. cod ing to the term. The furznitre is new andhado.anincue qusence, children uonld be objected to. Eight bd,Apya od man'o auction and arency, flolee., 2, BI,bop'e-road aeae,W flD -PARIK.-ob LE,fsjho ortnx- nisbed, adesirable FAIYRSENOKi~deiu, wakof Hode-park and Krsrtngrens, tI sndueycr ulehed, and contains eigh bdroom., water-clo,a.todaigio. dining room, breakfast roflm. ante room., aindgodmetcoe. For further varticulars and cards to view appytMes,Notn Mtoggart, and TrIal 62, Old Broad-street. p,t Eaisa K enperior FMILY HOUSE.in excelo raetland sub. stasialrepir,in du OPen situation, wihgre,gsand waler lai o, ret fcIItesof education, and maany othravnge- more-~~~~~re pair.Thre spacons ooms n th prinipalfloor.Nertthril way belde omibues nd he eat, Fr prtculars aPPl either to Mr.G.W. ons, rlgeolfce ortoMr.B,F,Lock, uiey-equare, .SUSSEX.-TWOREHL FARMS f-or SA-LE. NMr.eJohntRemnt, 2.Gratioteds situate LLTin tepaihu fNt ofSeayrs o ote particulr,apY to MrDETOma it,ett ag NtDWSborog-re, Pworein; ort Messrs SoCon ol-iciom, Chicheeter. ~ ~ ~ I te ot halh n fie mnute term o bedroos,two et-ran.'auditto saingr ofo twod horace, b coac-houe green-oue,mdower garden, aichnd ditto.s eaerie orchtbardy, and abu an are terracetunro lnd.o ituabtio ealthm,ands nheighbur ings market Ion goodl For furrter partiuomlarsgan teicketmto drew a pl toomess.au Wrficght oandSon,esate and housenfo aiven, North alnt a3dnde oottEagtstrleet o. Addreer. oA . ika'slbr asoe '11 NDSO .-A ew.-T semi-detached c mmo.hdio V VILL E ILEY REOnMe ET, el exeganlyendsbt odrantill fepinihe, fitedmp wit everdmel tocneien ce,wgan wini h goods gibarden anDteconteigon o pleasureagonds.kituatneInthekmostneealthry, pledsant,randofmprovedwpartdofandnmore withn beh.Irei sinuates'cwlkose the Greaitowerllaer, 10doflythmefrouthWether Strationds,theiCastle, parkteose,ad ive, nd 15 tof EtnCollege.yFistclssadonufoalDticet, t and rom ondo, banseca aietiangemen, Whitell.cs eah. ricia tVEnAntolR 5 LSREnt f, £15rto£75perannu ,Apl to very E.JnnigDe, urioREyrD WndoRrtad.Rwtiiaw ius ut t1I N e BrnetREnd Haro elegon~ant 1 MANsIO ofmHy DarWAoner, OW and 50egbl acre. ofLand,y fornibs , baiy,PIvteon Contrat Thisn dem,alightulres idencedisp'chdatmter othea ofith ilakeroan twondermere The gardvensan grtouns panry,o gret3bea,sutley,.adaiy stwon terace In fron,atwofsalsal. hewonecomans te bofanestves roomth lakgeran the senry arounhd, Theo hrousecnd, ain flourehandsome receptionrooms,ainienhai andu etvrooandefournametredsit cave Oak,m t inrpanel and carvd cakd door.,w aplargbtorom. doevtetidgoom, Grand Ills dIstantourmiles rom stthWiondertmreSiti.NorteneRmiewfro Aibhtolde.oAddrness2in A.re.,Wika' ludibrarywMidsoIon..tfld The Uptson Houtise. five mies fromLndeb oftybridge, ut onveom,nien am.dromforet able FnAMIY ReId bmerCE, ind excemoent order an reair,G compblisighmenl, excellnt dorawin andrssdianingrooms, library 12ubed room.,ldressiang rwoome,school room,mnurserie,.n Teveare twoe entarydoesi andg inande out-dore Poundsceacoahhoue,st o abting,ean Othcert covfience, Pld(ea's bure andkitchnarde.,go laretrconervaotory, andr18acerfshgofrmeaowlend,an moreepcasfon be ead,Irn t utherDor toiLalstowvillge ander tonl aiw mbtiearobte ofSeratford hur sttin. d Curveyor, landcaiente,r and esactoners w, 4Whitebaeradt S. F.3M 0 MAeLSTREE,s haet HL3OErtOF,T by lLEvto,obc a Ter cr ug-ielFrmRESIEnC th inpdishes withinIt.owd ndgRuound,sitate betweng ih cmotblernetaendHro%weStaWtioead 12th vilews frofm Hde parmkcremt r,tandsioozsewith flemsLondond bytcmniu gadenls,I containscoe-bno andeeatdaigro openling,ad7 lue. a cofneeratowypan ecel nlentndinigwoom,d librar, fotiver bedt chamber onwl tefrscte floor and 1two eruvon tse rooms abdooembllm' antsvry,beauifhnl,ancuexer diry, piggry cw an car ehds. elongroud, awn, pleas narden twora paddocim ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Carwod containingaottoarsanforarsfpste,wh barn,The frnitre ca, lt he ur theed Thra vauaion.s Fnr U ORDERSof NO1~IGHAMSHIR andm DorKign L)SIRE oe mle ro a laionon heGret or ther Rota Iway. 1,hurs feprom Londothm-FoUbe SOLD bMANsION, wt bexcMr.sW. ARIgt ofaontin ovPeier, on-ltaresa, tnd w t O ih dyou etembeares and. mntereous bget andecondr bedh chamberos, an saccommodatio f~or a larg ethab li-shet;b setdabln or1 horses.ale bare- room, oach. house.,cr ot, and te ovnetwo out-burvantsaoom alove.ther large htelo entrancedlodges, larg eple-.asuregroun.w fin thee Ofcuwatern wellr and rier isinfr miles, Thre tutoxf pacts 1 onnee ar. turhe par-en Canneingautionteer aond frtom agent., 4,y sdga-ion, rand ito, OD,t2t toN the BORDERSa ofins SURREY. and sotth ieSUo fsEon.- thlerues-htIlnFam tIn thueprishes wafrintaoesrood andrlyer adptsmbothsfor ancoefotabe residence,welsitd tom thervia wsof alsfamily, sof muodneralepnl ofuh,cwIthaplasr cmandefoa lichngaprides ofrarmyards toach-bo one.iand461 s iarelin rd, and 71ars Rof mad ow asmture,a avbe,y aondodland etesogeofther wish three newlyerected yard,wickhn Itied coettgsan convenenientbredI aparut rar buld'Ing siTespropety 1ta. situte non te hil, nd cmmans vey bauil watrndlaextensiv views The eighourhod abund ith ame,oadster are severalty O,r.LApNTeD.tteIsmaout3nthe mle.-Efrombte Tredestridesan MolySat0imions, eir tfor malega and nixum from DokesIng Ieand worshaon Tuedy he property,wtthexpio of thebrIS7 sLe outtae, si MAR, oenr thePtremies, onth Fridayf Dubfln uthe,dhay of Septemerkat in heevnig, ubec t suh onitonsasshllthen foo prg LANDS staein the barony or Iffa an Oi'a Wt, and county of Tipperar-y containing 7M24.lp,, satute mewa.uo Thre lands are nearly all unolet, and ame of the net annual value of £521 2.. 7d, 2, The Lands of Gortua,sbah, situate In the parish of LDughmors, beronjof Ellogarty. and county ot Tipperary, helditn fee and containing rS,I. 6prt, ultcte measure or thereaouts:. now let at the net annual1 rental Of L4O 12L, 3. The LAnds of Clogheraillbeg, situate in the said parish of Loughmore, barony of Eliogarty, and ooanty of Tipperry, held in fee, coDn minig 204,.. lx. 34p., statist. measure, new let at the net annual rental of £171 Se, rd. 4. Part of the Lands of Ouraghmore, situate in the Fame Pariah Of Loughmore, barony of Eliogarty, and county Of Tipr y, containing 130a. sr. lOp, statute meaneun or thereabonts. now Met at the not annual rental of £S$019.. Sd, 5 The Lands of Derry sltuaLte in the said Parish of Louibmore, barony of Eliogasty. ana cunity of Tipperary, held In fee, oontalcing Ifia. Up.. statute meagrer, nIOWO letat the ne0t annual rental of £80 Os. Id, 6. The Fee-smple or Part of the town of Cahir in the barony of Iffa and OIda West, and couty f peay caliei the Square containing 3ip., &ed on which ther te. god dwelling-nouse erecteet, now let at the yearl rent of £12, 7. Th Fee-simple of Part, of saId town of Cahir. celloS Part of the Square.and Part of Churchaltreeion whlrltmhereaelOGoodbonses ereoted.contalnlng2Sr. 36p.,statute meaNernowleta,ttheanon,adremtof £9seln. 0. The Fee-simpleoft Part ofthe Towplaod of Carrizeen, In the manor of Cahir, barony of lif and Offa Wert, andraldeenuty of Tipperary, onutAining 89%. 2r. tu~,aito Memeaue nolw let at the net yeasrly rental of £59 14s. 7d. stem r-Ra 9. The Fee-ninsple of Part ot the Towuland of Lissava in said manor of Cabir. contaaa ~& r statute mesenre now let at the yearly rental of £72 JOS, sterling. 10. Thlandls of Rocker.situate in the barony of Ellopaty And county of Tipuerry, containing 120.. Ir. 7p. statute meMase bo,hld In fee now let.a thbe aunnual rental of £7911. Gd. 1L Part ot the Lands of Tinvoher, situate In the burony of Eliogarty and county of Tipper7 ony taining 172a. Ir. 2p - tatute measure, held in fee and lat at th net annual rental of 2103 15.. 9d. 12. The Feo-slmple, Esate) of Ooolnenohoogne, situate In the barony of Ooshlea and county of Limerick, containing 517a, 3m. lop, statute meagurenow let at she net annual renalof £2276. Gd. 13,The Pee-smPle Eataeof Upper Kilg5es,idtua, In said haronyof0Cc.llea,udormty0ofLAmezdck,oontaining2s8a. 3m Slpy dStatut measure, DOW let at the net annual renta of £199 15e, 3d. 14, The Pee-simple Eatate of O&Btleqoarter, situate In aid barony of 0oaNleak. and county of Llznexick, contaiing 224a, Sr. SOp statute umeasure, now let at the net annual rental of £fid 55, id: r~s for priate sale Of Lot NO. 1, called " Kbcommon Domesus,swmill ho received by the solicitors having carriage of the sale, up to the 2d day of noebr107ansbmtd to tIme Oommlssloners, If approvea OP, For rntala and aUll urthtr Information apply at the office of the Oomsnlssons, 14, Heamrietla-etre,et in the city of Dublin; to ogMes. Wilkinson and Stevens, 5Nlc"olaelans, Lombard-street: london: 74ews, J. and C. Freded solicitors, New Banx.bulldlng,London: Momm, EHalumes and ERamlte,n, solIcitors 8, Kikine-treet Dublin: Mewsm Rae and Pltqrgrld, survepem andL TalnUs, 34, Uppr Ormond. quay. ublin; and Messrs. Earrob and Kennedy, solicitors bAring ta etq-der for -alo, 5; Groat Dcnmark.street, Dublin. COTTAGE of seven rooms to be LET, near Forest. hil Station gydeham Inquire at 10 Old Sailey. I URNISUiED HOUSW; to be bhT, in a centrl and F very geuteel locality. Ap- ly at 30 Norfolk-ztreet, 8hand. KI ~ARM to be LET, in the county of l3urrey, adjoining t.e WlmIle4 ogt n,o.at e y p.rticaiME aDply to hua aundy. EsQ.. Crlto-ebambera, 8, Regeu-t- t W. FIIEEHOLD PROPERTYl in Paddington, eqa&A it,to ground rm*, to be SumD to pay 6 per oeniW Apiy to Yew. tDJ "d &iglsos, 17, Gra echurvoltreet, E.C. g EXTEN8tVE NUFa()TUBING PREMIS2S oba cLF;ea user iet4eet InDta o. otherwie Apply to Yr A LMS.HOUrSEd (12) for SALE, or to be LET, in thee suilburb London, Apply to Palin rDand Go., L3, Gresham. to be LET, in the beat part of Dake- thsteobsu ,~3 elowe to Oxford-stret, In good repae. tro t ent £!82. nqiatre *t 4 i QOD and SAFE 1 NVESTMENTS.-Tobe SOLD, THREE Hl}OUS18E, tD Bridley-oteet, Hurrow-roeld; and Two lioness in delaide- ro Apply to Kr. Attryde, AFILY M£A1iSION to be LLET, on Lease, near For n apply to Mr. i. owy 31. Ii'R SALO4 E, inE Harringt-onstreet Hampstead-roud, A)a l0.roDmed trousE, to peret sobstadtW and ornamnental re- Pa witbhlong garden I b, rear, b~ege 70. Ground rent £S 10k, per Am-um- A , to Mlr. tMoore. 6. Geoite-tree, Eurton-square. OUcSf te oert PART to be LET, Farnished, in one A tto i Greenwichb. not far from the rnilroed shain, GrmworrU0Q1&urj appl to A. B3, Mr. Norton~,li bray, Boyal- FREEHOLD INV8TMYNT, in the city, to be rOLD, most respecably teat. Apply to Mr. Edmesboni arcbhtect and xarreyor, Salor-house, Wite Hart-ort, rijaopegate without. ~TILEd'A RA, irace.- ubic AUCTION of afadneOANDLE MAgwcrR obsSOLDonthe2ilih of S3eptember, by Mr. A. LEt WAJPF notary, at Arras, in consquence of the dissololnto of the Socety. Great facilltls,gKIren OwrpaymnentL [ AUN RY.-T be SLD. LASfE, ~Fixtures,and £1C,20 per annum. 3 For efou'rthetr p Sriculare aippl to Francis H. Fol, A BARG}AIN.-To be SOLD by Private Contract, Im iatey ELEVESN four rooir,ed and TWO exoellent buMnew HOIJ8ES,stnate abourt 20 mInuteCwattt.lk from the citv of Londoni. For artculrs. pid yloSer toAB.9 Ili0.0,Wnchnxch.st. SEVEN small OiVUSES, for £100 cb, i51 to remain on rt e. Retatl £8410s, Ground rent £. Ingoed re tr-Momrs Nlgcbola-n snd Pon.?7. W-out-pl&ce WhitochapeI-ro&d, am 7d?. Penton-row. Walwrth-.oad, S. CIO : ash £ ,. Rental £143. rematw'n t 5per cent-_cmystW.Nicth£n!wt°n57,Mtoart-pitte-,W twh £4 plroad, R. nud7. Penton-row, opposite Orosby-row, Walworth.road, 5. Pe 8pror IHOUSES, good garden.9 fore-courts. } .-IV.e. srLowmerond rent Pri£120 Or, letrquird.' mortgae of £175 on esch,-M r&No Ni cbolson. 7 t.place,iWite, cbapetlrotd, .. and 7, Pentoin-row, Walwr'rthrot, S. ijEIVENTipEr'per CENT..RS Cfittf up Ground Rents. K -TENTYONE ecellnt HOSES.Leawe 69 years; ground rent£2 ach Prie £.VO; woth l,i0-ses,cs Nichoson,.7 Penton. row (opposite C^irosby-r, Wlworth-road,S., and 7. Mountl~,rv six.oomedHOUSE, £12 eac; let at £20.~ LBease 614yearsgroudren Na reyo G Te,nty do., at dE £150 each, iars. °I-hbolaon anti^So. 7 Mount-plc,t onWtehael.oad H, arnd Inho bkPenton-row, Woiwnred-rad, nadr rn Head, s. pro R91LS.fi u. . t romo, and vero substantnd iallyd oo bnft eR cental;18 prtiren el stt3sc M'(JFA()TURING PREMI8ES ornanWt Thies oIes a b,chgdeitnrenereaftssttablewra Nlobosmon nd Bfvtb,op t Mount-plac Wbitechspsl-roed, H, asod 7, oenton-row. Waworthiroad. S. L,Sof 14 acres. of ~BUIL`DING r300yeas, o beSOL. al-',ln a station on th iionn Andb to hSon Balway. pour honDes alreay Wbuit on. Suitable for priate houses or a public InstituSion. Apply to Francis H. urowle, OtAGbe B S, at Shepherd's-bush toeb LET, t eirhaerzo-sta, centalning breakfa room. d,i lo ndedlen. roo, sorecloet,andfirs bed rooms, an exoellent gadn elstce wish frlaquIt rees, ac.inleara chnrch, and witbhn a 6d, fare of tct Ben 40enlew.Forpartculars apply at 263. Regen-ure.. MANUFAUI2URTNG PREIEIo AE loaoHOUSES to be LESaL three etorIes Uigb, chimney suitable fo stbea pow wiatoen Yard. Foot entranoe Nor otoelt als 4 arrisge erance Wrip. street. Auply to Mr. M tdleton. o operare, WMreio-go Shored Ith. PREfth MISES,e sItuab tbeLT, oontalniegv two worktshops..o-e feoet b"y 2t0. tbes other 35 by 2 o-st.ble, office, and large yard, illi a convenient 10. roomed dwoleongbonuse. Adv-es or apply to J. W111r, 17* Sutherland-square tc 8, Ostde). WalwortIh. L r 2? B NLEASE of a 12-roomed HlOUSEe to be SOLD, 8Inear, IUngtOn Curch. In eo nrance of the deces of a relativ Lodetat£50per yetr. 13 yearn smexpire'l -Ill be s nld for 41m0. For paorticularsapply, by letter, to s pJ. B, Kr.ofaxter-sa postoaeCsh Pen. t reet. Pentonvlle. REE DOORSLA ro O S LEr.-TobeI1',to iANY LPART-To be LET, a 6-romred HOU* E elo Ogrsiite coiNdition, A resp le tenant can have It for 40 guineas per annum. including l t aes., or cards tobview a ply to Mr. George Stoclker, 3iand 4 Arthur-sltreet, New Oxford-street, W N. ho LT, nfunieed,a vey pett. eehtrooed, semi-detached ASMAI; comV,ct FAR , uearAldersottx sump m cst cm onvenenty outedandei thoruhrepeti; trhlamre garden.Mr. Lozax, . u3ic- pHRUSINE SS PTREM IR.-FleetSHDTSto be LPDIPOED toF bigh epaorlb onts corlnger, nRearzS oendon-L au ing elevation,h elig ible foraca or gan concern raeUi pardoek, minent, poind be l a t a lowrTent. Apply toSea por. Joee. 27, ilk stresD. tbeamostds beBtbC.l reqtred AIORNER WIE SPIRt VAULTS to be g, SLD stutl eepn at wes,hl or aelerb of earl 20 years. ratr a modert prent. Thet£l proier yare exenardingalrely itte, and comlueD eve ry o reqIsie for thealodu ofer^ a P p xroftabeiran ah Irequire £4a0. F r ctth , apood reerln,-.w. Bthompston,eer, 4outihrpok FURISHEDB VILLA l}yd bkadte LEri.-T Olbe LpET, rinr3 a very healthy nelghbonrbood, anelg ant FrnISHE VILLA, standmingIn its owng dounds. Dsane rom Sothamto two mil, to which th mnbus thrice nally Sile-thre tg and six bed rooms and thE a' Fote &c., apply So X. Y. Z..tanrslbay litee Sthpe, MALL FE,EHOeLDe BV ESTAE PEinE oth beanET, i v to be bOLl) ready for mediare ocpton comrrIn a pepl dones, beautrlGtc ste and sursroune d bgra ar, fr iamentalyutmered and wa ered b to henlce rt don by Great Western Rai, P p on apliation tor. maoIst 33,Olde etry. Loangd on.h rnhso taeaddmr Som AL chb orn up actFARM,0 near Arr ehtt Ctmp, cas requbredfor LsEASE, Pvrticlres, mayat a moderate retnt, withlDg o ht Tbrm-psow, ancHoner, SSe, 80ntablc homnesteal.. &o, Aquantiy ofancld commact laddoittle can E be hdwihpS-8 seso at Mihalms Apply in Tnb,r Iet, tro Lmodkl enrs bakr, nd24r URE ~~AIR.-YFURNISHED OT TIdu to be LET, for two months or longer, near Rendos. It contains five bed rooms, two sitting rooms. two kitchens, with coach housder tablng attabch., pleasure gzarden, and sd smapaddock, Serantk and theuseofacow.TermOsthreeOguiNeasp rweekSitution themmeet healthful andpicturesque. -De,mo, post-ofimlfe endon. A Cap"ital FREEBHOLD, lot upon lae o and producing net' £3 per year, tenant doing all repir, an paing all outgoing,. Most he sold at once. The present te b years inormu, when a valuable rever B-i Iscertai. £0. Alto £4rpe year, with aagood reversion.-Mr. Bath, auctioneer. 4.antrgoo. (MFORTABLE WNWINT ESIDENCE tir HUSE nbelteea rrm tHydopa,rk and the Privee'o Club, openly situate, and elegantly 2 hedr, containing dining room and drawing coomsp commicas, Ting witldin andoo, five e bed rooma kitecien, house. keepers room an scullery : may be had fo three 5 ^x, or 12 inonthe, on moderate Per cards to view apply tH Mr. Belly, house agnt , 87 Mount-stretGroeenor-aquare, mosolhodaton, ocdl, o0r ors a i fac mrepoite aorndTeeI vrr sbothe mpagnfietrplateglasfrn and every cnLOOvenie ere Icrn dld-pla3 BEERHOUS. Pament £10 per month for malt liquors The premisas areemnmmanding, and most conveniently arranged for the pmurposes of trade and domersti comfort held by leae for upwards of 40 years, at a ground rent. £3 cash required for poseelon. Particulars may be had by principal applying to Mir. Thompson, anctioue-r, 55s, Soutbamplonrow, Russell, square. ACheap and compact little ESTATE of SIX ACHOU9E5 for B ALL in Finsbury. let to weekly tenants, and pro ducing nearly £P00 a year, esbject to a deduction for ground rentens8 rates16*oand-t&x redemed. Drained inecommon sewer, with closet trapped and panned. Loease1Ii ears in come, and direct from free bolder. Prios only £370. Apply on Wedoesday and two foliowinj days at 20. Weli-eiat,Falcon-square, city. A GROCERY anid PROVIO - HOP, w'sith Oven A3.and Bakehouss, sear Alderehott Camp, to be LET, in a larp, village, within a mile of the Camp. and a quarter of a mile of thi Toosharn Station. South-WestemRnlallway.wbere a conSiderabte trad. has been carried on for somne years withli haurh,ster and other gDoo aLttached. Possesson can be had at MlchAelmas. Apply to 2dri Lumeden. baker. 224. Plccadilis. I Jzz1..&LB WINTER REl31DEKUCE, _To up fom 6 t 20 eds wih coch-ous,yeamlng lunry, amplth Wa voPicrREISqnalead Everyyaeommoedaoontfrsa-bathrroin, BoatIn goto ffeetand churh,irc, eAddess oJroh nc sklliamts, Req.,o poet-osll dinngronom,banderigh wtbedrooms,L wih kit ch n er,vants'b atico Inced.Sitatenea a ea-ort town in Irland, where labour Is ye, cheep and plentiful and frelahts to Liverpool as. Per ton, The own wises to DISPOSE OF. or enter into arran-gements for working sem Addres P. P Messrs RobeOrtson BReoan. and CoD.', Mechanic Magazine andWlant Offie 6, Fleetstreet. LO,don. t'IARRETT OIL tILLS, On the river Waudi, ~JWandworth Burey,-To be LET on LEASE,R these extesiA with the valable water powrer situate about 1t ml from the Wandsworth Basn, and seven al'les fromn the city ; cm p"lsi"g caPacious factories and warehouses. wi th two Powerful a-at wheels,ldrvn 26- presses and other mbachiery : stowage for sever thosandquartebrs of eed, ogether with a capit residers fog man's *hous, cottags buidings, and several eDlosures of rdl, ,ne dwland,ste poDna ho., the rbolo embraing an area of 50 am Fortms andals to view app to Aels. Blake, Croydon. Is, nesr London, near to SydenbaTn-hil, bo O to iDtbe r" -A oompact GRA B PARI, ot about i;0 an otbe Ll;ToonLEASE, for- years. T very elgible farmi 1sldturto within sixu mlers of London is a h* aE of cultivatio, being in a valley tequires but little outlay f e, is well drained a s 3all portion is arable: there is a go hcn,n.na. Tho stock, croPs, and Implements to bo taken at a ,v 1tlon In te usal waY. For pacular and to view by ourd og appl to Mr. Bilg, anetioneer, ralur, land, and estate amnt. Ann's-c:a te pper Srenham, Rent. A BARGAIN.-To bo SOLD, for 2200, the enti; X FURNITURE of a 14-mom-ed llOUS}; in Oroupk Grosvenor-quare, tbo Droperty of a ldy goig abrod. Part of t Durchss'monem MAY remain on mortgage. uor furthor Vrwico apply to lr. 3inder, estate ad bouse aget, 7, ark-street, Gre_ren, square, WF. 'r r uo FINSBU-RY PANECHNICON, City-road, te F F -bsquare, 'NOW O5'EN, orclns-ely for waehos t WutUre and vauable Property of aiI kindx. Ps requiring ush oonmodatlon on visiting th,, establibhment will itnd the moat ooeDsp arrangements at rnodars.t"- charges. Cares waeg, andmTats pled for use, a nd etimates free w ithin 10 mile gtho city. |tSr it charages bn ljgexo,ecodinglyi 'oderate. katlmtes gi,ven fonr reato, OLD C1 -To be SOLD, a TEA SERVIOI Zeank' l . Spai pr of bowls and x plttes, very due; also am at leusCaIbinrA iWoialo~o, rtice 30 gulucie To b o
THX CORB TBA DE. MAER-LNA, MGoN@DY ATER,OO,. Last week's supplies were moderate. The exports were 33O quarters of wheat, 28 quarters of oats, 30 quarters of beans, 5 quarters of maize, and 861 sacks of flour. The receipts in English wheat were 6,053 quarters; in foreign, 7,858 quarters. There were fair supplies during the morning from Keent and Essex, and, with a good attendance from the north, very high prices were first demanded, but as the day advanced the sales made were chiefly in fine red sample{, which brought fully Is. per quarter over the pre. vious rates, white qualities being much neglected by the town trade. The business done in foreign was at Is. per quarter improvement. The quantity of country flour was 14,068 sacks, with 200 barrels 287 sacks of foreign. Norfolks were Is. per sack dearer, but American and town-made sorts were unaltered. Of barley there were 1,358 quarters of English and 8,440 quarters of foreign. The finest malting descriptions were Ls, per quarter higher; and the secondary sorts, as well as foreign descriptions, commanded fully former quotations. in malt the trade was steady. at previous rates, Of English oats there were 818 quarters, of Irish 370 quarters, of Scotch 38 quarters only, the foreign supply being 26,778 quarters, 21,000 being Russian, and chiefly from ArchangeL Good sweet corn obtained last weeles prices, but parcels out of condition were mostly ordered to granary, dealers being well in stock. The supply of English beans was 459 quarters, with 229 f,om abroad. Of peas there were 145 quarters of foreign and 261 quarters of English. Both these pulse sold at fuU prices. The linseed arrival was 8,400 quarters, chiefly from India, the exports being 465 quarters. Demand quite keeping pace with the arrivals, the former prices were readily made both for seed and cakes. In the seed trade, canary keeps advancing, and mustard 7etained its value. Tares are not so readily placed, samples being plentifuL Cloverseed firm. In trefoil, hempseed, and other descrip. tions no change occurred. Ayrivmls of Com in the Port of London from Sept. 7 to Sept. 12. OIIRR=N X'RIOFB OF BRITSH GRAIN AND FLOUR IN MiA K-LANI2. Dhlig err quarter. Wbeat-Bsorxsntd eut.white . . 4t& new 654to 66 Ditto, red .. . 4- 60 54 -61 Norfolk, LincoloaIhlre, and Yorkshire, red . 48 -60 54-6St B arley- M alting, ~~~~~~40 - 41 Distiling.. 37 -39 G d nsdin 36-32 into.Ware and town-made. es5- 69 - - 7 Rye- ~~~~~~~~~~53- o - -S Oate- i6oJIsh fee.d * 21- 12'l Potato * 27-:32 Scotch feea I. 20 2i Potato, 2 - 34 Ditto, black *30-21 . - -25 Beaus- Slrgn* 34 -:33 Ticks * ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~36-35 Barrw * 36 -40 Peas- Wh_iteboller, 40 4 Mfaple 41 41 Flour- Tow hos.ls eak.20h . . 4 40 5 - 41 Oountry ..43 4- No trf0olk.an3dfiuffoIk, erahip . 41 4. JrOBIGN GRAIN. Wlus-~~antele, mixed 60 Sh,1ii,g Pa. quarter Xhat ontgbrgc mixe OD0-97 ig mixed -to -exl.- to 63 Re,tok .. V 4--67 a. - _ -_eAuserican,whrlte 60 -62 red 66 - 5 Pomnera.. ?deck.,andUjckemik~,relt 5053 - Silesian, red .. 45-6 wit 63-2 Russian,.hard.. 45- 60 -. St. Petersbur sad Riga.49- 53 flazley-Grindhac.26 - 31 03ti.- IDoatch brew, and Polands.25 2 Ditto.feed ... . .. .19 -25 Danish and Swedis feed. 2 2 I Stralrand.2 2 Ruseiau. 22 2- Beaa--IFrieehusd and7olto9 Konigaberg 327-33 Reyptia.2- 37 Paea.-. 3: g.376-37 Iniine Cr-holle:s.40 -43 36-35 Flu- yellow.39-39 Fo-Amnerican, pe barrel. sour .23 - s Ditto, sweet.30-3 TaM n bzelBU S M. 5Sa. Od. to 5a. 91 M rdseeaew, per bushel.17 -21 B3rown . .-- 2 Corian-ley. per cwt... 0- 2 Cauary. per qr... 73 -100 Linseed, Per qr.. crushing . . 6.1s.t - 71 Cake.pDer ton . £2lO. t £03O. Rapeseed. per qr... 70 - Cake.perton . ;a Os. "to £3 10a FOREIG.N SXEDS, fte. Hempseed, email, per or.. . - to 44 Dutch ..- 46 Coriander, per cwt... 15- 20 Linseed, per qr., Baub.o69 -72 Lseaepey to.:: +i -l,--oRl-0 Rareceed, Dutch.6-s kiapecake. p)er ton .£5. . .. 0. o to L'S -lo, KEawOAsTLE, SM.y 12. At to-day's market there war a fair quantity of wheat on offer, bnut the farmeras'amples were ilk indiffer-ent condition, and the demand rau chiefly upon south country qualities. which were scaroe. andi co m- manded an s-vance of 2s. to 3s. Per quarter. Foreign also inquxired bor. and 2s. higher. Inferior sorta met a slow sale. but wer no lower. Oats In requeet sand 13. Per quarter dearer. in other3cinds no alteration. PRESTON. SEPT 12. At the corn-exchange hiere to-day there war a liberal show of wheat, which met a-n active demaned at last week's quotations. Very little Irish on offer, std an advnce of23d.per basbel was effected. Flour in good demanA. Oata andl oatmeal were In moderate eupply. but were bought sparuinly at the rates of last week. No alteration In ottter aorta of grain. YO'RK, SEPT. 12. At tisis moming'e market therewas a fair supply of grain. The, best eaaDples 'of new wheat realized fmUly the rates of last weekr, and in come instances6d. per load (l.. 44per quarter) moe. FoDr aCels out of condition scacely aniy pochaesee were fouad. Fine malting barley scarce end in requeat; but a good deal of this crop remains in the aeieds and hus latterly deterioratedl in quality. Oats and besans remain without alteration. CHZSTERFIELD, SET-v. 12 Here tO-day there WASar liberal supply or wheat, buz, the bulk of It b Ing of low quality, laet rates couild be mcarcely matntatneti. The feiw lots of good dry whent on offer made 53. per quarter over the rates af last week. Barley the snmees3before. Oats folly ascdear. At the catte-market to-dlay there waz a limited rsupply of etnock, ,which Eold at higher rates. Muich cows fetched £23. Beef S&i to Sg. &i. per stone. Fat calves were well cold up. Sheep and pigs als moved cff freely at higher rates ILETFORD, SEPTr. 12. There wa6s only a moderate quantity ot grain here to-day. Holders 't wheat demanded higher rates, hot these were not concodod, and only avery limited trade wasadons atltetweek'e 'rates. Barley inslow reqLuest,lbrt nolower. Other articles sttiossasry. PRcer :-Od wheat 253. to 26a. per load of three bushels lO66. 3d to 69sa. Od. per quarter) new. 21a. to 243. (56P- to 61.. per quarter). Al the cattle-market to-day there woe a very scanty chow both of hefwes and cheep, anid prices had a downward tendency. Sheep. 23s. to 31..per head; pigs, is.per headohaeapev. B9eef 7d. to 3d.per lb.: mottess, 70d. to Sid. ;ilamb,&L1; sheepeskln, 5s. to 6a.each; hides, 5s. per stone; rough fat. 6s. per atone. BOLTON, Saa-v. IL. At this Market wheat was sather ecarce and sold at Improved rates. Flour fully Is. rer earle higher. Beans. oats, and Indian corn are also :mproved In value, and the demand for each ertiee sontinuce steady.
METROPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, S-t. 14. 7Te arriral of cattle and sbeep Into the port of london from the continent during the nant week was very large. The Cuatorn.hotne return gives an entry of 4M oxen and ows, fnt CmTesT 622 pigs, and 6t'59 >Neep. making a total of 9,873 head. The state of trade to-day wae rather better fDr everythbg, and price get erally were higher by at leaet 2d. per atone and almost everythlna wv- ,old a; the cloee of the market, The supply of bearb wae again very large, 3,2ZE head being An oYer Senol 2d at 4&. lOd. re stone ot Sib., and Inlerior dooriDttonx from 3. -d. Of; mDntton tbo SODDI was not large, the nobanDer of gheep boing 22t3. There wa, hovever, aabortersupPl ofehoice qualty. benso mnade as munch an Sn 4d. for the best on otler. The hamb esacon may nov be conyldered tD have cloed. For real and pOalS there wee a better demand, as former ates. omparative 8tntemnent. ol Pzlce4 and Supply of C atUe at Maiket.
HOP-MAARKBT, &pt. 14. ConsJderable delayhea, ot ome, ocerred in the pIdlIrg from the recent hevy raina which have fallen very frequently In the KentisI rounds; beyond this delay. however, we donot learn that any importalA injury h hitnerto reelted to the crop. From aU ditricat (with the exception, perhaps. ot Ealt Kent) inctewed produce Is reported, and the auty ba now fo somo daya been backed pretty freely at from £190,000 o to0,00. SO grea: au imp e aement in so fhort a apace of time hag stcarcely ever occurred. aud certanl= 13 'without vreeoient ince the remnarlable growth of 1834, and the trade are stll Ia the greatest unrerta" as to tbe sale of prices st whitl it will heprudent t| Commence the buelnets ol the season. At WorOeter market on Saturday tSe supply of the now growth wee as laorz as 1.t00 pockets, of v. b lch not 3GO wero rold, Driers ranging from s. ,to 7i. .per owt. for de rery there. A fef saleS of rather cholee Iliddle Ient ahps hsve been made fIn the Borough at fromu flO, to 19fa. (merchants prioes), hut the aunon ouee hseen very titling. A, few Weald of ;Kent and SercIneex have also been taken oI, at very low Idgtrea hoti ho motthi d, ctraaisty atI1 hangs o'er the mDarket vwitb respect to bops ot this do' s,,plnntf., that is vrwtud be naelcewe~deed, impsoble-to quaIl a ctwrency With lnytbing Uike hoonry,
WIEDS. (From the Agrzcudurat GcaeU4) During the last few years much ha been done by the chymist in the analysis of manures, and surely the analyds of seeds is amatter of equal importance, and though in this inquiry the intelligen; farmnermaydo muchfor himself, still i ax regards seed ad "'ixture it requxs all the penetration of a practised eye, aided by no litte amounto£ botanical knowledge, to detect the different species of aeeds forming pert of I anarnplo. E-wen in examining the market value of a seed it seems necemsary not only that we should know that it was net ! diluted with a foreign seed (as a sample of guano with a I foleign aubstance), but also the nrature and quality of the seed so mixed, as some would be most pernicious weeds; take, for example, a few of the cotamonest in ryegrass,-namely, lop, '" bromus rollis;f creeping crow-foot, " ranunculus repens ;" couch " triticum repens." These are detestable as weeds, and thus injare the sample, "a well as being heavy seeds, and so diluting the bhlk; while such aS a little plantain, " plantago lsnceolata." or the trefoil would hardly be injurious. Again, it is highly necessary that these matters be investigated, not alone as one involving the consideration of the commercial value of seeds, bat also as a question of cultivation ; for it cannot be denied that, though farmers spend much every year in weeding, yet they too often as industriously sow -weeds, and this, too, in their foul seeds, so that they absolutely pay a large sum for what is inimical to them in every way-sn enemy in diluting the seed, an enemy in preventng its growth, a pest for years after in the weediDg which foul seed entails. Rightly does the old adage declare- One 7t*2aoseedins %se,ea N,' reeding.' And if we grow weeds they will certainly seed, and the imrnense fecundity of a singlo plant, as previously insisted upon in our journal. should of itself impel us to avoid every source of weed growth. Having said thus much on the matter of the present inquiry, it may be well, before giving the table illustrative of the subject, to call attention to the manner in which it has been conducted, reserving to ourselves the description as to the manner in which weeds get into seeds, and the injury they do for a future period. Our plan has been in all cases where we had the bulk to chooee From to take from loz. to 2oz. without exercising any kind of choice. Oar samples from correspondenta bave generally been less in quantity, but we are now anxious so show that from this drcumstance we are more likely to have fallen into error in under rather than in over. stating, for, as wiU be seen, our calculations are aU made up to pints; if, therefore, we had but half or a quarter of an ounce to examine, as it is next to impossible to piok out every seed, especially of such minute weeds as infest trifoliumn, so then missing a few in the smaller quantity would much diminish the oomputation on multiplying for pints. It seemed desirable, however, for the sake of comparison to have a fixed measure, as this will afford a basis for future computations as to quantities per cre, per lb., per bushel. and the like. s e may rSrtber carry on an inquiry as to how iany seeds of weeds may be so wn to an acre of crop, and from this we shall be astonished to find that some of our samples contain enough of foreigr. plants to stock the ground. This, of course, is on the supposition that all would grow; but, though we know that weed 8eeds,like crop seeds,are infertile to a large degree, yet we also know that " ill weeds grow apace," and a crowffoot, climbing buckwheat, dock, or colts'. foot wi smother up a quantity of other plants; amd, besides, we should never forget that some weeds, such as chickweed, 8bepherd'spurse, groundsel, and others will absolutely ripen two crops of wveeds before the crop is matured ; andhere then., with comparatlvely small plants, we have examples of hew larger ones may ultimately be driven out. For, referring again to a prevtous inqulry,-namely, the census of weed seeding, we gnd as regards tho insignitieant plants just nlamed the followfiing: A SL'qOLE rLAR MAY PRoDucE-or Xnmbec of Seeda to TothL ylowea eacd. Flower. Gronudiel . ....... .139 X 59 = ....... 6.50] Oblckwe .. . .... . . 500 X le = 5,500 Bbepbesd'pnrse ., .. 150 X 39 = ......4,510 so that in these exarnples we have nmntbers doing even more than a lesser quantity of larger ind'ividuals. The followring, then, is a table containing the result.- hitherto of our lnquiries into this subject: TuaBLX OF WERED ,AX OTIHBR SEEDs MtDXED IVITH} CROP SEEDS. Here, then, we have tabulated as many as 30-examples of seeds of crops, each presenting a variable proportion of weed seeds ;and from the remarks made upon the prevailing weeds it will be found that they are among eome of the mot mischievons of their clas. We have examples of many kinds of seeds which we have not tabulated-as psrsnips and carrots of different varieties. These are seldom mixed with weeds, and so far may be pronounced as tolerably p-sre ; they will, howeve,, in too many instances, bc fonne, either purposely or a3cidentally, much. mixed, and conseqnently not true to sort. As respects seeds of common and Swedish turnips, all we can now say is, that they are seldom diluted with seeds of any other family of plants * but there is not3nly the same diffic;lty as to genuioeness of sort, but, in addition to this, there is reason to believe that much prepared charlock seed is fraudulently mixed with turnip seed by tay of adulteration. There is great temptation to this, in tbat the seeds are alike, and unhappily so much charloak is grown by farmers that it can be obtained from them for as little as 2s. Sd. a bushel, and thus the farmer sells by the bushel to bur back by the pound. We would, how-ever, conOksde these rem-rks at present by stating that the cases. of weed mixture which we have tabulated are not the resoI' of direct aduiteration, as they are derived from growing weeds with the czop ; at the same tine, we hope to shovw in a fuiture article that the manner seeds are grown and sent into the market is the reverse of honest, and until men who are interested in the subject combine to put an end to theinefarions traffic by getting all the information they ca, and seeking counsel where they have not sufficient direct knowledge themselves, 5o long must they submit not only to pay for weeds instoa4oI crops, but a2o to bear the cost of gettiag rid of them afterwards if tkey would secure a crop.
REFO010ATI02N JOF E--L tE O?F- -DERS.-r1U the)J late session of Palihament two Acts were passed to effectvu4e the reformation of juvenile offenders. One statute (2;D. and 2Mst Victoria, chap. 48) was to make better provision for the care and education of vagrant, destitute, and disor. derly children, and for the extension of industria1sobool. The other Act was to promote the establishment and exter sion of reformatory schools in England. By the fcrcm or Act the Committee of Privy Council on Educatio.n o y certify any industrial school, and children taker iito r ns tody for vagrAncy may be sent to the school while ino]io) ries are made. The parents may be made responsible to co atri. bute to the support of their children whUe in the snl ,00ls No child is to be detained after 15 years of ago. Ufnd ar the seconDl Act reformatory schools may be es~babsf d and justices may -rant mnoney in aid of snc 5 stabySF 'ments. Parents are liable to contribute, and attar one-ha) I of the period of detention has expired a juvenile offanodex can have a license to reside with a person who is villing to 'take him the object being to facilitate his liberation for good conduct. Both Acts am. in operation 3:d o4ey extend to England. [Advertisemen.]-" oyer's Culinay Cam paign," one voL. pdoe Ga, bound, h. low raady. " It ft Jo bt toi remlals ceecee, mirh.wIt, andUaseootei. 'ThO seow tjl ot coo ecolts wdll bi fpovn eos: aeplcabto for all public inolAtnolw , Dnd Koipt&, ead will breve a great &auioutDl tbe cuisino o3 t ,s ormy, navy, and generalrubloe itc aconan. a arest rOe , whichwill enable the wealthy to aoaioo the needy In oe6as:n ui dlAre r Tcopaorallcole m4 +t irAe re,ting aaud vivid, all the, grot Cri,nn eebel.ri'es are carefolly passed In review bs the snOrer. from the prIvate soldier to the generrl-In-chlet. and ;nGlt accurately deptcM. This booO v,ill be reto" bF every' onet wixA Int eoee t d iructtlon.- .DslyAsieyaw& Londoa: Advernezt.-Wyld's New M sp3 of Indl&.-Ind[A and Delll-Wyld'%New MAap of Ileu. v%if a..nl tbVLill iwy Statlocs Taibee o( nDletaUnas, ko. ton sbe °, 1 to case, £L Iudl* obcsl- gbe Roads %;e~ P t.ctt, end plivrs; one shoot. 3A.: t tsCsa. b'o4. tn,'lt:s ond l 't:;xRreay ?.ooplrs °ro t',eet. .: In caeo 5Os Indib ito, Is.; in 0O, 2. Wylild Vap of Delhi. with tbe frilfitnticnu, CDitOLLOm oa. 1 sheet, Ina in an, a. J%ruoI to le '4`een. , ct. 4sla?. the i ~ i ti he P4e.t-ico.to ,ioa i
OPBN-AIB PREACHING IN BELFAST. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIlMS. Sir,-I have read your article on open-air preaching, auaggegted by the unhappy riots of the past Sabbath ia Belfast. Your powerful journal is at least half the Government of England, and it is of the first Importance to erery good cause to secure your judgment in its favour. I therefore regretted toobserve that rome of yoar observr.tions were mavourable to the work. I trust, Sir,rthat on your reconsideration of tha sabject It may secure your advocacy ia its favour. Permit me to say to you that I do not think the conclusions you arrived at were at all warranted by the enidence before you, The work of open-air preaching has been practised in rmany parts of Ireland foryears;but the gros,th of population in town3 exceeding the ordinary means of religious instraction, and, I grieve to-add, the moral state of large masses of the people, required the more extensire appilcation of this very agency. Except in some semi-civilized part of the coantry open-air preaching encountered no difficalties of moment. The present opposition to it anywhere is to he attributed to tho revisal of the ultramontane Bpirit of Popery-the spirit that dictated the "Papal aagression,' stimulated perhaps by the manifestly good effects of open-air proaching. It has regenorated many districts of tbe conntry, and was telling with great advantage on the socia, moral, and religious condition of considerable masses of the Belfast population. I fear that this circumstance was littlo- to the satisfaction of Popery. fany nominal Protestants in a state of demoralization die as Papisha. They send for the priest, for, if you but trust him, he says he will send you to Heaven. He never comes too late while the breath isin the body, and he undertakes to effect the transit for the wort of men. There is someconsolation in that. Preparation with him is not a matter of any great necessity. Ar man who has so- lived comforts himself with the thought that he has a chance with the priest. Protestantism does not speak with so much autho-. rity. It does not present any hope so palpable as a man assuring you on-his own ipsc dixt that he wil tansport you to heaven. The dying man says to himself, " The ,thing is as b&d as can be. The priest can make it no worse, and Ill try." Then, perhaps, there isthe dying man's family, nd it makes a certain impression on their ignorant minds that the priest stood at their father's deathbed, and they ultimately find their way to the Roman altar and confessional. Bat open-air preaching was dissipating such ignorance and removing depravity, and, if yoa had -ritteu in a more evangelical tone, you would have encoaraged me to have said saving souls. Hence it was cutting off twe suppliesof Rome, and she got angry, as some men do, when, a more active trader, you push your business and divert custom from their shop. Rome's argument as of old is a bludgeon. The increased activity and success of Protest. matism have somewhat inflamed her. You say that " open-air preaching is a challenge to Romnanitst" You mistake us entirely. Any information that has led you to believe that has not been conformed to verity. What is thereto interpret *a a "chaUenge"in an assemblyof some 200 persons, including men, women, and children,perhaps about the average attendance on open-air preachings? There they are in the evening hour congregated on some by-vay, listenuing to the discourse of a missionary or minister exhorting them to lives of virtue and peaoe by all the arguments of the GospeL Can there be a challenge irn that? The Romanist must beof astonishing censibility who regards it as an insult. The fact is that Popery is getting into a worse temper every day, and is not j ust now disposed to be pleased. It is very ingenious in creating quarrels, and if you concede this to it new troubles would speedily arise from some other cause or occasion. If our assemblage on the last Sabbath here looked like a " cballenge." let ma Lay 1; was rarner a response to one, tor as the Bomanists had in the most brtisl manner maltreated other preachers, and in the most insulting language vowed to put us down, the assembly in Corporation-square told them in the quietest vay that they would not. You sLy that " open-air preaching" is on a par with Romish processions. There is no analogy between them. The Orange processions we used to have were the only ihings we ever had aldn to the pageantry of continental Popery. Your argument from " population" cannot, surely, justify Romanists in their brutal assaults on unoffeuding Protestants. You greatly mistake their numerical importance here. They are more than a fourth, but certainly not a third of the population. In Belfast there are abont 40 Protestant places of worship ; of the Roman Catholic there are but three, a fact that may correct the exaggerited idea cf their numerical strength that Irish Roman Catholics are so much inclined to impose on the British public. But, if there were only one Roman Catholic in Belfast, we should treat him as a man. Bat tho circumstance that there are 30,000, instead of 1,000, does not wrrant theta to behave as barbarins You say that " the Chrlstian missionary, on first evangolizing a country, preaches in the open air ;" and you seem to think that when the religion of the Cross is ascendant it should confine itself to churches. Why ? Is Christianity to be less tolerant of Christianity than Paganism is ? Is there any faith arrogating the Christian name, and is it possible that at this time of day, and in the capital of enlightened Ulster, any faith will disgrace itself by continuing such persecutingpractices? Surely not. No, Slr. The mob is not alone to blame. The mob everywhere is mischievous and the more it is indulged the worse it becomes. Bat we are aflioted with two incendiary journals, the Whiq and the U7'ermun, that kindled tbe mob-to wrath. They then ratEd the magistrates for punishing them. The magistrates. frightened by the newspapers, indulged the mob. The mob were emboldened to greater violence, and hence we are in a state of civil war. Tha remedy is a vigorous magistracy and the impartial execution of the law. Street preaching was practised for, years with- the approbation of all classes of the community, and it is but a very trifling element in the cause of our-present disorlers. Should you think it right to indulge your readers witl the opinions here entertained on the subject by those most inatirmately acquainted with the state of public feeling, this let0er will express it. I am comparatively a young marn, and have no claim to appeoar in the columns of the " Thunderer," beyond that of being the preacher on the past Sabbath, and having silenced-two newspaper editors here who opposed me. I entreat you to consider the responsibility that attaches to your journal, and recollect that it pleased God by the foolishnegs of preaching to save them that believe. Respactfully yours, HUGU HlNXA? I BeIfa5t, Sept. 10.
HE MEDJIDIE. TO TEIE EDITOT OP TE1E T1SIES. Sir,-Allow me to send you tho following statement. It requireS no comment :- A list of officors to receivs the Medjidie appeared yesterday. It contains, about 1,000 names. Among them appear 104 Guardsmnem At difrerent times 225 officers o the Guards landed in the Crimea; of these 104 will receivo the Medjidie. In the Lignt D:isior were three regiments about equal in strength to the three battalion3 of Guards. In these thre3 infantry regiments served 233cfficers; of these only 3S will receive the deco3ation. The Guards tool no pasr in either of the assaults on. Sebusto pol or the attack on the Quarries. In all these affairs the Ligut Divis6on, was foremost during four months of tho disastrous winter of 1854.53. The Guards did no duty in the tenches, bub remained at Balaklava. Tho Light DiEiz ion never left the trenches. There are other divitions of t) Le Line t-hat can boast as much. Yet one-third of the rewards go to the Guards, of whom many never were in ct ion. The injustice is too gross to contemplate. Your obedient servant, NEW). London, Sanday.
THE MISSAL CAKE TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIES,E. Sir,-Allow me to remark that many persons are asking why the authorities in India are not called to accoant for taking no notice of the "chupattle," or " sacred cake," which was handed on from village to village some months ago(originatingin the North-Western Provinces)-how in the face of this oould they leave Delhi without Bnglish soldiers, and send so many regiments saAy from India to China? Forit was as much a signaltor rising as waa the " fiery cross" sent through the highland clans; and, if I remember rlght,Cit is mentioned in Indian history as having been iu use formerly in the Decceno In the Coarts inl Indiaa H8 indoo isewaroni ona apiece of brcad or graia as tlhe ataff of life. Yoursm &.. AN OLD QDIAN.
THIE CoximS FisaurnS.-The fisheries on the coat of CorwalU have been very suocessfni during the past week. At LSt. Ives the seines of three frmns prodnoec 1,000, 1500, and 1,800 hogsheads of pilchards respectively. ,which is the largest quantity kaown to have been taken so early in the sw-on for the InS 25 years. At Portloe, the drift boats have taken from 6,000 to 13,000 pUchards per boat rer night. Tbe seines have dono notbing yet, btfi,sh bave been een lying about two milee from the laud in great. abundance. .t Gorram Eaven two seines have taken about 650 hcgsbead3 of pilchards. At St. Agnes a seine belon. ing to Mr. Hitchens bronuhtto shore 60 hogsheads, aud anothera vhich was shot at Porth Towan, caught 50 hogshead, which were sold at ls. d, per basket. On the tlh inst. three soineg belonging to Perran Porth brought to shore about 450 hogsheads. On the 7th three seines saught L,00W bogsbeads. At St. Keverne and Fowey also large quantities of licharde have been taken. OUTH KmAssNoxON MVsxum.-Dnring the -weekeudiDg Sept 12, 1857, the *sitors have been as fonows:(h tiondsy, Tuesday, and 8&turday, frae days, 2 097, on Monday and Tuesday, foee evenings, 5,863. Out.h ree students' days (admnis5ion to the pblio 6i ), 367 orq stu. dtnt' c'reting, wednesday, 102, '1tehl 9,3T
for the RE IFof the S FE R by ot he ubsribrsto the shove Fund Will be held at the Hean,tou. honor, Jo Wednesay next, the 36th iost, at 3 O'clock preclely, for thle l,urp,nSe of toutsIdezianQthe propriety af altering the second resoin. ncolleedfit tedbilt liz MeMgin the filOUwing rmaner- milted- sn thLe Governor- .ienOr"l Ot India, Or tOtOGvmr ofth different Preidencies. or be appled by the Commritte, to the relief of euffer. from tlhe mutiny weh have arrived or may arrive from India, or m,,y atpreset to this Onuotry or elsewhere. H- B. HNDI6Beolf Lieut.-Cel, Hon. See. fsf~ot '~hore D. 'FORREST, Sen. --oE Soot, 12. 168. Fk beMTN o NI SE RP'ONiS concinue to be rec ,s~tdaly,bytheRiht on th LrdMayor, at the Mansonbooe.by heBenc f Eglnd ndaU iebrinoes.bythe London joit ~,~c bnli an teIrbrachs, y al he rivtebankers In the~1rpols. nd y de Ntioal rovncii Bnkof Ireland anid. tie w~icee.The omiitte met daly thde Shgtnehoohuse at 3 E. It. REiqExwON Lleut.-Ool.. Hen. See. DAVIDO FORRIEST, ~o Sept. 12. 1557. IIUA -STIEET ARD,Spptmber14, 1857.- houo. oudo-wC- fo th elcUn o a otuonCouncIlman for the remanalde" ot the year int the room aad etead of Henry BIsown, &q., The lA.StWarathlpfoi Sir JOHN MUSGR0VK, Bart., Alderman of the Ward, In cthe Chair. Jo,hu O'Neill Eeo., was unanimou.sly elected a Common Councilman for the3 remaind er of the year 1857. ltR'osoled nanItmously. That thIs Wardmote In deeinouns of recording Its ser..c of the iee susiaLned by the decease of the late Henry Brown, Est.. fr~ 10 years one of Its respected representatIves in the Conit of C..,-emm nouncil. and hierebr tenders to his widow and family an expre;&ion of heartfelt coudo euce and sympathy on their sever bereavw,s,'t. Ree,l',ed unanimously, That ea copy of the forezoing resolution. algw,i! tv tho Ward Clierk, be forwarded to the wLdow and family of the late He~nry Brown, FMo. lt-es "revd unanimously, That the best thanks of this Wardimote are dues a. are hereby Dresented to the RIght Worshipful Sir Jobhn biaegro,,e. Bet,Aldermoan of die Ward, for his able and oourteatm conduct is th rL Mr oni this day. ilot.-'lr..d uuanitnouly, That thLe Itroceediuxea of the Wardmnoie held thIs il.y be advertisd in the usial momnir aes DAVI)STUA-RT. WardI Clerk. INGLOPERUIAN EBT.-Tho DIVIDENDS AoL the Timer Cent. Deferred Bonds beconlni doie on the Ist of O..c next b PAID by Meesers. Anthony Gib, i and Soes en that er inv.y folowing dlay, between the hours ot 11 and 2. List, mbay be bad oni application on and after the 23d instant, and tic- ';rous mnust be left three clear day for albin-5 Bid, tolote.street witbin. London, Sept. 15, 1887. A7~ 151 L AN f 825at HREi~per CENT. .LY.lindsI-sedby esss. . i. othchidund Sona.-The OlVtsO...'D o th abse Bnds whch ecoes ue on the 3 tht Suss.o. 'iltbe AIDby hemon hatday an onanysucceeding 'Urn, e.' .Moday enedy o hry, ,btenhehssOf 11 sri 2. 1'Lv~ii . forms to be appltied for and the coupons to be left fat examt,ation at their ciunting-house, New-coost, St. Swilthins-tane. Lor,,t.,n, sort. 14. 1857. RDZAZILIAN FIVE peorCENT. LOANS, of 1824 A) and 1829.-The H1&LF-YEA-RLY DIVIDEND, due on the let t,mAter, 1857. Upon the P.rszUian Loan, iscotiate,3 by Meswn l.as~t I. CcrItn, Crawford, and Co.,asodMesors.Fetcher, AlexaUder,and Co. Xe essr&.Tbomas Wilson and Co..in the year 1824. and upont tl-v lIt.azilian Loan conitrasted through Meesm. Thomas Wilson and CXo. 'a tl ear 1559. wil he PAID by Mecsrs. Alexander, Fletcher. and Co.. at 's.Ir oquiting-houEe, 10, 9Cine's-arme-yacd, Moorgate-siseet. on 1'ir0.the Iet of October, and every succeeding Tneda,y, Thursday, ndn turda111. y. between the hours of 11 and S. The dividend warrants, 'at :- thereof in nuseoricsl order, on terms to be had at the office, e.e ua' i s 1ft for exa.mination three clear days befor paymeut. J' 7I GiA~N LASThe T~HIRTIE~TH DI[l- biOIND on the SIX per CENT. LOAN, and the Twenty-first [st' on the Three prt Cent. L-oan, both fallin due on the 90th zinst., ,:I be PAID on th at or any succeeding day iTureday and Friday cl' .1) between the hours of 10 and 2, at the 00olmtirg-boute of Crt.Brothers, and Co..,8, Bishopegateeatreet wtbhtn, where lists tray, ,a assst be obtained. ('IHI LIAN THREE per CENT. LOAN.-Notice is %_J.eie'Iivnthat the mum of £9.714 185.. set aA,tn achis for tliv, -1NIPETH REDEMIPTION of CHILIAN THREE Der OJEM izBONDS, Under thoeoperation of the Stinhlng Fend, has been 2uip it rd in the purchae of the following 74 Chillan, Three per Cent. t5oo"v 0 £100 eath. viz : N, I 437 No. 2477 No. =34 No. 4943 No. 6412 '~3 2551 1473 106 6706 133 2663 3193 5427 6872 2608 2 38-06 5t9r 688 iS3 2715 3071 5411 0983 Z13 1797 4265 5720 783 Sb 10 4903 582 71600 180 49041 5958 711G l So.i 2001 4910 Cdil3 7240 ln.1 Slot 49t8 E021 7200 I ,4 1921 4920 6032 7109 .tn24 3110 49'18 W607 71.0 '2192 3134 4936 6111 7551 1143 4937 6204 7616 534 3260 4393 6U34 &.d ',a hereby certify that the Bonds enumuerated above, with DIlit'lettd Wuranis of tnd from the 90th ot September, 1957. annexed to eachtltlsuod, -were this day Cancelled and deposited in the Bank of Role.In the presence of his Excellency Admiral Don Mlanuel Bir,. Frnealada, Envoy Extraorditrwy and Minister Plenipoteattery of U1, Ilepublio of Chi in France, and dpteclati Agent of the sad Ret.2 :in: Ent Bgland. and o'tnelvms BARlING, BROTHERS, and Co.. Agents for the Loan of ChILl 2.It' oMsate.etreet within), Soemteber 12, 1857. l're-ent-At de Plana. Not. 9i PR ILIAN SIX per CENT. LOAN.-Notice is nt.j NereSay gliven, that In conformtty with the termsa of the contract of '1:, Loan, the sum of £16,138 sNas set oarte for the redemption of Nmis,, sihin eix months from the Slat of March Ieset. and the p rice of toctd.t, bng abve par, tdie undermentioued 162 SPECIAL BONDS a'. o. drwn by, lot, and willbe PAID oni the 30th Ifat., together tnith Iii, interest due thereon. F':, hiolders ortbite eald bonli are therefore required to resent a ,:h the coupons from the 16th of September, 1857. to tEe 30th ofteif !-mober, 1869, both inclusive, attaced, at the office of the agents of the TLoan, to roeeve the principal money and the interest. Thes ainml2.l i f earcs coupon which shall be found wanting will be deducte 're!ti ti.t principal of the bonid at the time of payment. vs~,r of bonds drawn wilth their couponis, letters, and nani- D-.Coupon IBond. Coupoin. Bond. Conuo Bond, Coupon. I L72 2700 vI35 4693 Msf 60 7825 V=8 37 G592 2761 N 653 6113 0 441 7100 16733 174 N217 284 0599 =51 B 519 7160 A668 I." T6820 9051857 540 V 636 7169 R CS 1 575 303 A 127 8401 B 132 7417 I 277 lo 0 869 106 0 69 5821 31 78 7714 0 838 0 74 3116 L 168 6568 H3538 7129 R 681 T 781 3118 C 379 85,7 1N 337 7741 T493 .Y N 3 3 221 V 174 5590 T 60 7776 V 461 c'; A311 9273 103 3 A 348 7782 R1620 '7 606 3282 B 170 1607 18622 77 8 T 217 -I L 470 3290 DE1616 5688 R1691 1812 2629-5 1.L598 3297 TI1'5 5778 B104 1-184 18 491 ', T 660 7329 B636 582 H5241 SIPO 0468 R2121 3447 1R183 5816 18 163 8212 R1693 If"' C 622 3519 G 270 WE4 N 752 8c29 V'60 140 51360 3037 vego M H80 5831 8245 I 62 R1155 3843 A435 5897 516U 8194 El5684 i' 1 V227 1 853 X522 6018 I 490 829 311732 il- 18174 13859 H 215 6059 0G197 835 E3(6 1- E 3O 1879 T100 6694 T 154 8466 t 1297 . IWI356 3932 N 416 6180 7s 81 8511 C 489 7.1067 3967 V410 889 T120 5642 R1407 I: 8 606 8035 R1338 6161 G 142 8627 C 440 TN, P82 4075 R31 10 6197 C 722 8'39 L 570 1271 1417 T691 6317 L683 8090 T391 T.' 81 4293 A.203 6426 C 474 8710 V 317 I 33 43F7 0 258 6430 35502 8767 A325 A434 ;4 17 H597 65,34 T326 0504 050 G02? 1477 I 614 6579 DI 013 8859 B 83 I2K 1 W 4515 181 77 6586 G 90 8935 R 575 V647 4542 A-rZ0 6596 I 21 8956 B174 QI' 1 437 4555 A 674 6613 H 709 8795 R1512 V 618 4670 G,313 6673 'F 831 5091 1 284 ~1 0174 4651 0048 668 061 9183 E340 'zLI 878 - i 4714 It 710 6707 V 73 9100 I512 B 124 14724 It 221 6705 B=35 9245 C 413 '' 2t'3 45 57 T1,40 6852 N467 9217 HRSS If- 1674 4908 T511 089 31921 92315 V512 00 29 *54 VII 8984 C060 1' 8141 '1578 186 0M933 N 469 BARING, BROTHIERE,3 anid CO., Agents for tioh Loani of Chili. p.p:ipvate.Aee4t within. September 12, 183 7. ER IMAJESTY'5 THEATRE.-Prov.lnciai Tour- HN.c.,astle, Dublin.-Italian Opera.-P1ooolorni, Sperla, Powca 6azir'. Iteiletti. Belasi,Benierentano, Bossi, IMercuriali, Aldi, and t)ln;' I willappear-nt Norwich, on the 15th and 16'h of September; WAil' urhasnpton. on the 1slt : loeieter, on the 22d : Lesririncton, on t-. 2 h iielteinham, on the 24th ; Brighten, on the 1th ; Reading, in tt* - 9th : IBisminghasn. on the 38th: XNottngham, on the 34t of ic e: HuH iC'randl%Musio-hallhl on the Sri; Newcastle, from the 8t :o 19, -Lbi : Dublin, nthe 12t. ER MAJSTY'8 THEATRE.-.Two Extra J zf rmances only, a-t Reduced Prices, on Fridav. Sopt- 18. and ,tat..rnl . Sept. Il9.-Piccolomlni, Specia, (Irtolani, Giurltni, lensvci,ts'.o Viatetti, Ioest, and Bealietti.-On Friday, Sept. 18, IL DON 1.1 ',A NI (In teS&=hs Sept. 19.La Travlata and the Granid 3. .~- A (1r a- the Third Act of IITrDvatores by Signor GiundiLnPi. Pncc lloi'to t accommodate four persons, grand tier, pit tie?, and one ts,r wo par ;£l is. three Dair l5i . calerv boxeo pi'ts OUR 0os.tcL; pit, As. 6'],: gallery sialfs, Se. a ; an gs;.rs.l. Applications to be mae at the box-olilco of the theatre. 7FlJiiRATRE ROYAL, RAYMARKET.- Urltheririe Sinclair having been received with great enthusIasm 0hZ-, ci'ercter of Beatrice. in Much Ado About Nothing, and e , pe,i rformance of that comedy y the Raytwarket Company 'st' ,dited the approbation of crowded ouses, it wil berepeated 1I. "'sing ilid T"-morrow.--On Thursday, Sims Sinclair wit a&ppear - I , l.arc -HIS EIVENINGI and To-morrow, to commtenoe at 7. vi:l iXhAkpeare'8 comnedy of MtUCH ADO ABOUT NOT8OIKG. 1I.!p. F".to Howe: Dogberry, Sidr. Compton; Antonio, Mr. Chiippen viM, l'-'-rice, Mrt. Catherinie Sinclair Hror, MI2ss 1. Oliver. After ci i.-t.. lnew 0comedy of 'ICTIMS : M.Buckstone, Mr. Uowe. Mvr. W. vs,-"I L Mr.Rogers,.is Wu . King, mMssS. Olilver,Hmrs.Poynter, to.I Thrdy. Friday, and Saturday, The School for Scanidal. Sir I' or, P sIr Mr. Chippend4le ; Laidy Pozearbls,mr Catherine Sinclar: hi. -1:oU,'urMiss Talbot. And A. Cure for L-ove. Concluding "nr,v".n- ih,g with THE GGLAANERS. AT ROYAL, ADELPHI -Grea trc 7 r ;-tecond Week of Mr T. P. COoke.-Reviva ofthe oael- itc drama of The Plt nwc r . Ooewl M rignal wctrof LngTonm ooreamin f,rr.of U'rgent Prvate Afairs and bly Precious Betsyevrnzhf7I!-. ~VVBING URGENT PRIVATE FAis:b ess andtnurhrchM~ eustvinbis original o. Riileon J lad,Gasen F allm .JSmt.M H ~LLYCEUM THEATRE.-Lessed,M. )i;~. y.-Pr,oietor r.-Arnold-Underthe Joint ManWement Xs 1 I` & Tn.Pyne and Mr,W. Hanrion.-Wmi Open for an OPEiRA SIE s -lN of tbree months on -Mo1nday, Sept.B , with the folowing Zit'rtlvs.,ihod ertites -Mdm Cra6dori, lilsCorreli,. Mins Sua Pyrs eY. h: 7sdh&an Prescot, ia Cuthbert, Mrs If. Manley, and Miss cili v Prne (ber fiet appearance sne Ier retu fromn emriESal MsAstteBraham, lIri. A. St. Albyn, Mr. Edmund,, SIr. lie,. ilou lOrabam. Mr. Ferdinanld Giover,M.BnadMr eb, Mr. Watwrtli,Mr. 0Honey, Mr. Wei,and MrT W. Hlarr i taut .trei;a~ra'nee store his tatea froml Axune,rc) ClOrdneter.-.ff Mlre l Slilon. The orchestra will be edected from the Royal Italian l.eprs, J,ue's Rintd, and the Orchestral Union, The Chorus selected Buntwiy from the Royal ItalWan Opea. itags Srtaner.-i..r E vt . A,sistant Actnr, Manager-mr Wiliam Brough. Baliet &la.ter--MSr, FramptonL tAorrs Master-My Sm. mvthbon. Pricoe Sf amindicion .-Private boxes, £2 Ss. 6d.. Al 2s, 0and ;el 113. 6td Statl, s&. : dre. circle. 5. ; upiwr boxes. 4s, * amDphithestre 3e. 1l, 2".: ,ailery. Ils. The box-office will be open o Thureday, Sept.1?7 unfie-r the direction of Bir. Chatterton, 3rn, ITRA ND THEATRE.-LA TRAVIATA (b. e,.)iemuei every ovening Shouts of laughter and applause at tbe Lady Camoleon. Crow houa orove it the great hit Of the day. .*:als. 3; bbox es. 2&.; I t, I,; g3iae ry, ; prIv ate boxes, S1 i1 EAT ATIONAL STANDARD TEATRE -reaoat S nucees o Mr. and Mms. Sims Reevre-Tbe 'hve eminent artiss have cres%ed the greatest ensattos over known and v.tli appear eery evening durming the weoek.-THIS EVENING, ' o commence with THE BEGGARS OPliRA. and THE WATERMAN, to whrs Mr. and Mrs. SImsReeveswil a 1 pear. Supported bya iet rteo eratic and dramatic ompanP,. This disatre msgaflcently re- pHOTOGRAPBIC PRINTING.-Meesr& R B D(NUV-9and Oo. continuo to PRINT tor smateurs and the tradegas si.' TermsouspDUeation. Boon u 12a. Od pe~ 'mre.-, a pUrati_.'. pure glbumenpa e r.ise 2a ;L r qdre-2Queen s efa hwgate.eeel cIty. p HOTOGRAPRY.-A cozoplete warranted APPA.1 ATIS,£3.takngpicure 4 by13 ndunder; next sire 8 5g., inls~ ictres6j y ~ ad uder net s AU II1L1,, taking plcl4re are taugt fre,ad allowed to psoeu ertlet hue otill minais. Kb9!s raio..r h .. an. .tS Pnonnnl-- * ihm 8s THBHATR l ROYTA, HAMRKET, Und ];VerY12 the Menagemens gof Mx. Ettoe. Bow,, farrHex., Chippendae Compto, kc.* Mee2me Sinlair, . Oier &. .ter which, {ICTxMj: Uee. Buckatone, Howe, PanhEn; Leed.8nee En ma .n, Sd Olies, Pointer,Ac. Cocldiddng with THEULE.ANENOTCoINec: at 7 THEATER ROYA, ADEP EY ;EN1NI(k, BURGEzNT pDu. &FFAT CI.e THIS ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ AFAIRtS: Mdeme PIO: Messrs ~ee~'ely,Mis rdn.And MY PRECiOSP BedtSY: Mer6 M. Wdght6 . Wet-hrd, MiLOs *. Uaee end Mra. (ihatterey. CommencXoWe tK7t. ley, ROYAL OLYMPIO TaEATRI. Lesae, desaca. V. fhon and W. a, )imdeo. THIS IVECNING, Mr. WOkS. 00 &dmas, THE LIGHT. HOUSE: Messrs F. Robeon, Addisos W. Gordon, (i. Cooke ; Mise Wyndhsm nd Salecrhougle. A lBDDkER1UoG Memr. G. Vinlng 0l. Murray, and ;4ra Stirling. And MAAHh.r. M.santelo,Igi. F. Echeon, Commence at j peat 7. THEATRE ROYAL, SADLKR'S-W3I1L U,nder the Maunerernent ot M!r. PhrDp,. THIS EVENINGl, TiE lUNCHBACK. Maeter Walter, Mr. Phelpa: bMr T. Clidford, Mr. H. Marston * M(odus. 51r. F. Robinson: Lord Tinsel, Mr. Beltord;* Fathom, Mr. L. Bali; Master Wilord, Mr. clude wth GOOD FOR NCOTHrING. l2 -t o T' SURREY THEATR THIS E;VENING A BID IN TH HHAD WOBTI TWO IN THE BUSH. Roderlek.Ur. Shepherd; heodoe , Mr. Potter CapIs Shark. Mr. Wlddlconh:b Madame Reginald. Miss Chalmers Ellen, Mic . Ehorce. The Chricty MInstrere OUR TRAVIATA:. Mary Ann. Mr. Widdiconeb; Belly Taslor, Mr. Belmore. And The Christy ASTLEY' ROYA APHIrTHE&ATR. Lessee end Manager. Mr. Willim Cooke. TH1S EVENING. EL lYDER; or, The Ceiat of the Ohaut Mountains After 'Which, covel Scenes in the Arena. Concluding with TEKEI, vwith equegtin effeots. Commene at 7. TO CO.RRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amendod regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is tramiible by post to British colonies and foreign countries ithout an inwpressed jtamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communicat!on" Whatevor is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessily for publication, but as a guantee of his good faith. Wo cannot undertake to return rejected communicatlons. W The pubhlcatlon of Tins Tzs commenced at 5 o'clock yeterday morning, and Snihed at 15 mInte.t Pat S.
LONDON, TUBSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15.1857. The telegraphic intelligence which we have received from India to-day enables us to correct an error into which we were led by the enigmatical form of the Government telegram yesterday. We assumed that General HAVELocx had attacked NENA SAUB in his intrenchments at Bithoor, but it now appears that the General found that stronghold evacuated, that he then crossed the Ganges, and that his two victories were on the road to Lucknow over the mutineers from that place, whom it is probable NE?A SAmiIE had joined. General HAVFLOcO has thus been spared the assault of a strong position, which must have entailed severe loss, and will have reached Lucknow with his small force unimpaired. We fear the massacre which is represented to have been perpetrated at Cawnpore must be understood to include the English officers and ladies whom NEmA SAHIB was said to have reserved from his previous slaughter. It is a sad drawback upon our satisfaction at General HAVLOCX'S SUCCess that NENrk SAHIB himself has not as yet met the fate he so richly merits. From the expressions of the despatch we should infer that he contrived to make his escape from the field of battle, carrying with him one or two of his guns. The day of reckoning with this Mahratta ruffian has, however, we trust, been only postponed. Lower down the country, at a point about half way between Bithoor and Calcutta, a fresh example of mutiny had occurred in the revolt of the native garrison of Dinapore. In this town were stationed three regiunents of Sepoys, a corps of Irregalar Cavalry, and eight companies of II= M.ass 10th Fcot. It appears, though we know not how the circumstance is to be explained, that this was the only considerable garrison in Hindostan where the native battalions had been allowed to retain their arms, and on the 23d of July they availed themselves of this privilege, as it had been expected they would do, to rise against their officers. On this occasion, however, retribution followed sharply on the heels of treason. The events briefly announced in the despatches will be found to receive considerable elucidation from a letter which we published on Friday last, written by a corporal of the 10th only nine days before the mutiny. He himself had been included in a detachment of 150 men of the regiment who were sent from Dinapore to Benares to control the 37th Native Infantry and their traitorous colleagues at that station, and he describes the proceedings of his corps at the moment of the insurrection in the latter city. "Never," said he, " did a body of men in the British army fire so " quickly and with such precision" as these soldiers of the 10th ; and this formidable accomplishment seems to have been possessed by the entire corps, for we are now told that the remainder of the regiment at Dinapore actually shot down 800 of the mutineers before they could succeed in decamping. The rest are said to have marched up the river to Benares, where much excitement was naturally created by the anticipation of their arrival. Benares is a very populous city, and has preserved such a reputation for sanctity that, as the corporal told us, the volley poured by his comrades into the 37th represented the first shots ever fired in aniger there. This is not quite correct, as disturbances have often occurred in the place through the religious quarrels of its inhabitants, which could only be put down by force of arms, but the description is substantially faithful, and it only remains to be seen vhether the revolters advancing from Dinapore will meet with any more success than was experience(d by the original garrison. On the 14th of July the detachment of the 10th and a few of the MIadras Fusileers appear to have been at Benares, and would be still there, we imagine, to receive the Dinapore mutineers. We do not, however, regard this insurrection with any serious alarm. The population of Benares is, indeed, numerous and inflarnmable, but the English women and children have, we believe, been sent down to Calcutta from this as from other stations, and the march of the revolters would lead them towards those parts of the oountry where the ascendancy was completely our own. In the Punjab the general tranquillity of the province had been disturbed, as will be recollected, by an outbreak of native troops at Sealkote, but the mutineers were firt driven in discomfiture from the station, and then pursued, engaged, and severely punished by Brigadier NicHoLsoN with a flying column on the 12th of July. To this very satisfactory story we can now add a most agreeable conclusion. The band of traitors had been on tho 17th again overtaken oa their march to Delhi by Ceneral NiciroIsoN, and " totally de"stroyed a" so that their fate gives little encouragement to mutiny in the Punjab. At the cantonments of the capital itself, however-at Meean Meer, near Lahore-an event has occurred which affords the beat evidence of the wisdom of that prompt decision which dictated the disarming of the Sepoys thro-ughout the whole province. One of the regiments thus disarmed had actually mutinied without arms in the midst of a stroDg garrison, and we regret to add that their commanding officer fell a sacrifice to their fury. What became of the mutineers we are not told, but we shall be surprised if many escaped froag the scene of their treachery. In Central India, where such infamous examples were se' by the garrisons of Neemuch and Nusseerabad, order had been generally re-established, and General STEUART with a column of troops was occupying Indore. Aln inference, too, of an assuring character may be drawn from the Blight report made of proceedings in Calcutta itself. As a corps of Yeomanry Cavalry was in course of formation in the city for service in the North-Western Provinces, we may reasonably assume that little apprehension was felt in the capital from which this force could be spared. Sir CGLix CAMPB3LL had arrived in safety, and the army before Delhi, to which he would proceed, was steadily acquiring strength, and will before this have been joined by Brigadier NicHo.sox and his formidable Punjab column. The only feature in the intelligence likely to create disquietude is the announcement that mutiny had actuaUy shown itself in a battalion of the Bombay Army-the 27th-at Kolapore. It is certainly unfortunate that the apprehensions conveyed by the last mail on this head should have been so far verified, but there are several considerations to nodify the import of the news. We are told in the same report which announces the revolt that it is said to have been suppressed, and certain native dignitaries presumed to have instigated the disturbance are actually in custody. Moreover, the 33d Regiment, with a company of Artillery, from Mauritius, a colony which had already contributed the 5th Fusileers from its ordinary garrison, hat arrived at Bombay, and of the reinforcements despatched from this country nearly 2,000 troops, whose destination was Kurrachee, have now been some two months at sea. The Presidency, too, is circumscribed in extent, its towns are far more accessible to a central force than is the case in Bengal, and the authorities have had a long warning. Nor should we omit to mention as a counterpoise to this intelligence that we have no unsatisfactory information from Madras. At Byderabad, a city containing many elements of disturbance, a conflict had actually occurred between the troops and the populace before the despatch of the last mail, and, though the attempt at sedition was promptly and effectuaily put down, some fears were entertained of its renewal. From these alarms, however, we are now relieved, and there is reason to conclude that while the Bombay Presidency has been only slightly affected by the contagion of mutiny that of Mladras has still escaped without taint. Above all, and as our chief source of confidence, it should be recollected that every fortnight which brings no improvement to the prospects of the rebels materially betters our own. We have now information to the 15th of August that the Government was not only holding its own, but acquiring more and more ascendancy in the various districts disturbed. A month from that time would probably bring to Calcutta the first of the reinforcements sent from England, and after those arrivals we might rely with considerable assurance not only upon the security of cur detached garrisons, but upon the gradual re-establishment of the British power on a basis more solid than ever.
The map of the UJnitedc States in any English Atlas twenty or even ten years old is about as much out of date as the Geographies which occupied half the middle of Europe with " Polonia," which described a somewhat less area as the kingdom of Moscovie, and gave to a few broken outlines of coast in the Indian Ocean the single name of " New Holland." Regions that in our school map of the " States " were traversed by the Ottoways or the Ojibbeways, the Sioux or the Mohawks, or generaly " the Red " Indians," are now as thickly fretted with Railways as Lancashire or the suburbs of London. The wonder is first how the railways were made; then, how they can pay. But we are told to look to the vast cities that have sprung up in the wilderness, and to the lakes and the eanals. Then certainly the Railways must help one another; yet one cannot help noticing how often one route hastwo or three competitors. It is true that even here we may go to Birmingham, to Nottingham, or to York by different routes; but this is a thickly peopled country, containing a good many people who can travel for pleasure, in season and out of season, in bad times as well as in good. Then it is a comfort to those who have invested their savings in a Michigan or Illinois Railway to hear that it has been done so cheaply and rudely that no Englishman in this country would trust his limbs to its light rails and timber bridges. Yet, considering the mileage, something enormous, and the fact that the population of the States, after all, is not so great as that of the British Isles, and not nearly so wealthy, the most sanguine believer in improvement and progress must have his misgivings as to the paying qualities of these long thin lines. But how were they made? It was State Bonds and Canal Shares that SIDNEY SMITH invested with such a halo of notoriety. The States borrowed and thenrepudiated. Thiswas but an elementary stage of American progress, and the British public has long since flattered itself that it is awake to the dangers of simple repudiation. How is it done, then, in these days ? Our correspondence from New York throws some light on this difficulty. That gay and lively city adds now to its other excitements a panic, which our correspondent likens to various gregarious terrors and mishaps, such as bisons rushing over a precipice, and aheep running through a hedge gap. But it is evident that a panic in New York haa its redeeming featurea; for there are people there who thrive on a panic, and can even get one up. It is evident, too, that a panic is weU compared to a rush, for it has a direction, and that direction is as gainful to one side as it is ruinous to another. It represents a run of money, leaving a void at one quarter of the compass, and giving to another rather more than its due. A panic is not merely a species of commercial pathology; it is an act of intention, strength, aDd skill, with authors, motives, victims, and all the rest that constitutes action. Let us see, then, how a panic at New York operates upon American Railways and their numerous British shareholders Let us suppose the British " capitalist,"--generally a man who has earned his money slowly, and his experience still more slowly,-alive to a few of the perils that environ American speculation. Let him be fairly up to a pretended State guarantee, or an informal State guarantee with a flaw in it; to the danger of rival lines, and of lines made aimply to assist in the making of lines, which will ruin them when made; to the dangers of management, of amalgamations, of leases, and sales, which may or may not leave the general shareholder in an unpleasant position. Let the Englishman either devote the autumn of his days and the flickering light of his declining income to gaining an insight into these curiosities of American enterprise; or let him have the sense to consult a broker, who can point out these dangerous places on that smooth, seductive sulface. Stil there remains one peril which hitherto has not been so fully illustrated, and which many of our readers must now be learning to their cost. Railways in the United States, and a few other undertakings, appear to have an unlimited power of borrowing in a market of which the ups and downs are wholly beyond all English ideas. All the great lines have been borrowing in the New York market on their own acceptances, and have done so easily, as they have generaUy been willing to pay the highest rates of interest. Our own companies have done pretty much the same, to their cost, but the highest rate of interest here is not nearly so high as there, and we have not seen a great company going about from house to house, begging for an immediate loan to pay the interest due on its bonds, and Lombard-street erowded with speculators whose lives depended on the result. On the first day of this month Wallstreet, New York, was in a state of delightful excitement. " The September coupons on the Erie 5second and third mortgage bends matured, and "the Company were without means to meet them "unless the Banks would advance $600,000. It "was not till midday that the Banks agreed to l do it." Had they declined, it appears the little confidence left at Neew Yorkv would have gone altogether, and it is evident that humanity and patriotism were allowed to sway the decision. But for this appeal, and but for some tender elements in the philosophy of Wallstreet, what would have become of the Erie shareholders, when the second and third mortgagees would. have to go without their interest ? The result was, the " second and third " mortgagees" got their September coupons. But how about the shareholders ? Those of our readers who may happen to have embarked their all in this company will be interested to hear that it has been at its wits' ends to pay a hundred thousand pounds, and that it had to borrow for the purpose on a day when " the best com"mercial paper could not be done below 12 to "15 per cent., and by far the largestbusines was "at 2 per cent. a-month." But these panics are periodical, and at no such great intervals. There is not a Railway in the States that has not to go through a few of them. But when a Railway can borrow as much as it pleases on its own acceptances, and when the rate of interest for loans is at the usurious rate stated above, it results that the inevitable operation of a United States' Railway is to draw the money out of the pockets of the shareholders into that of the Wall-street money-lenders. No Railway, certainly not any American Railway, can ever yield profit to cover such interest; and, as the interest must be paid, the profit must disappear. in fact, the best comment on this sort of transaction is the value of the shares in the market. What is a share worth when it becomes merely an authority to half-a-dozen gentlemen to contract any debts they please, at any rate of interest they may find necessary ? Railway stock, which was supposed to have fallen quite low enough, had gone down ten or twenty per cent. ower at the last date, and was still going down. The truth is American Railways have been burning at both ends, both on their income and on their outgoings. The crops have not been quite so good ; travelling, therefore, not quite so brisk; while Railways have bad to borrow money against a host of needy competitors. There is a crowd of speculators in sugar, in cotton, and in corn; there are States with debts rather above their present means, and wanting more money still; and there are banking companies with names that would not bring them much credit in this country, but which hitherto have won American confidence. At the beginning of the month there was a crash of them, and as one reads the list one seems to be reading a page of some commercial romance, and not a matter-offact report. What would Englishmen, simple as they are, have expected from the " New " York Life and Trust Company?" W"hat prudence, or even honesty, was likely to be found in projectors capable of such a jumble of words? Yet this company had thriven at Cincinnati, tiUl in an evil hour it winged its flight to New York, and became a machine for drawing the money of the Western agriculturist into the coffers of the Wall-street money-lender. Then the AMechanics' Banking Association gave way to the stonn, followed by a dozen private houses. Several of the Railways were holding meetings to look their difficulties in the face. Meanwhile, it is evidently the game of a numerous and pov,erful body to keep up the panic, by means which neither the taste nor the law of this country would allow. The journals malke pleasant remarks on the " weakness" of such a " concern," or the amount of such a company's bills, and the "c sweetness" of the " lot." The public are carefully informed of the difference between a company's deposits and discounts; and when a few of the more distinguished have been duly stigmatized, it is added that the list is very far from complete. No doubt we have had as bad a state of things in this country. The peculiarity of the New York panic is that it is industriously and avowedly got up, aggravated, and prolonged that this is done with the most entire success and with the most formidable results upon every class of debtors; and that to this market, thus in the hands of the money-lender, and liable to these fearful fluctuations, most of the American Railway Companies have to come for the means of completing their works, paying the interest on their bonds, and the dividends, if any, on their shares.
Mr. H.A.XNA, the open-air preacher at Belfast, has addressed a letter to us in which he disputes our whole argument on that subject. We applied a population test, and said that these demonstrations were not suitable in a coiuntry where the majority of the population, or half of it, or any proportion approaching to that, were of the opposite religion to that of the open-air preacher; that under such circumstances these exhibitions were exceedingly likely to lead to breaches of the peace, and therefore, though the abstract right of any person of any religion to address either those of his own religion or any others in a marketplace or in a field could not be denied, that such a right must be qualified and checked by practical expediency and the necessity of maintaining civil order and public tranquillity. 31r. HMAz-A, in answer to this argument, says that we are mistaken in our facts, and that the IRoman Catholics of Belfast, so far frora being a majority, are hardly a third of the population-a state of things in which even our own population test, he argues, will allow open^air preaching. But we beg to say that we did not limit the operation of the population test to cases in which there was a majority, or even an equal number, of an opposite religion. It I would have been absurd to do so. We said, " any number near equality"--i. e., any substantial proportion, any such number as imparts the consciousness of numerical strength and importance to the opposite religion, and therefore creates the danger of offending and exasperating it. Now, the Pcoman Catholics at Belfast are 30,000,-i.e., a third of the population; but this is not all. Though the Roman Catholics are only a minority-however large a one-in Belfast, they are in a great majority in Ireland generally, and this fact must be expected to have its effect upon the Roman Catholics of Belfast. They feel' themselves backed by Ireland as a whole. They know that their religion is that of the majority, and therefore, though locally in a minority, they naturally regard themselves as a portion of a great national majority. Under such circumstances a local minority is perhaps a more touchy body than even a local majority, because it combines the sensitiveness of a minority with the self-consequence of a majority; it derives combativeness from the local sphere, imperiousnem from the nationaL But why argue about the matter? Air. HAiNAra must see himself, as a simple matter of fact, that his open-air preaching has this obnoxious effect in Belfast,-that it rouses tho Roman Catholics to fury, that it is putting an end to all peace and order, producing riot after riot, and convulsing the whole place. Romanist mobs and Protestant mobs are actually shooting at each other on week days in anticipation of the great Sunday battle, and the millowners are thinking of shutting up the mils for a fortnight in order to starve the people into decent tranquillity. They are in hopes that menwith emptystomachswill ceasetofight about theology, and that inanition will produce a wholesome latitudinarianism. Are not these facts proof enough that open-air preaching is not producing good or Christian effects in Belfast? " But," says lMr. H.ANNA, " the mob is everywhere mischie" vous, and the more it is indulged the worse it "becomnes." nThis is rather a cool remark, considering people are now fighting in the streets of Belfast, and a Romanist Gun Club meets every night to distribute rifles. YIr. HEAN-A must not indulge this furious disorderly mob by leaving off his open-air preaching, because then " the mob would get worse." How would it Cc get worse r' We presume the probability is, that when people have nothing to fight about they will leave off fighting; 1Ir. IL-m.'s open-air preachings provoked these outbreaks to begin with, and therefore the cessation of this preaching would probably quiet them; with the cause would cease the effect. How would this be " maaking " the mob worse ' Is a population worse when it is quiet, orderly, and peaceable, and occupied about its proper business, than when it is fighting furiously and inflamed with theological venom ? But Mr. Hs.A perhaps means by battling with the impatience of the Romanists of Belfast at last to subdue it, and make them patient spectators of his open-air demoustrations, in which case he will have improved the character of the Belfast mob. This, however, is one of those bare possibilities which can hardly be expected to weigh with those who are charged with the maintenance of the public peace. This is looking rather too forward into futurity. " A bird in the hand " is worth two in the bush." We really cannot afford to allow confusion, anarchy, and bloodshed to go on indefinitely, on the mere chance that a place may ultiunately be benefited by the trial. If it is a rule of prudence that we must not put our own tempers to too severe a trial, it is a rule of charity and justice that we should not put other people's tempers to the same. Any magistrate will tell Mfr. H&YizA that the present is the great object to look at in the maintenance of the public peace, that he is bound to prevent riot and confusion now at this moment, and not to aim at such remote advantages as MIr. HA%-N-A promises us at the coat of existing order and tranquillity. If a mob may "get worse by " being indulged," it may also not get much better by being exasperated; the continuance of riot and confusion may, so far from improving it, make it worse. Such results have been known. W'hat if the mob at Belfast is so blind to its own interest and to the good intentions of AIr. HATM-i as to refuse to be disciplined by him? What if it bears the trial and probation imposed on it very ill? What if it proceeds to extremities at last and breaks the preacher's head? lr. HAN.;A would doubtlcss submit to the fate with the exultation of a martyr, but we should have to deplore the loss to the community. The magistrate must guard against this possible result, among others, and defend the disciplinarian enthusiast against himself. But p_-rhaps AMr. HA-ii-, so far from being a good disciplinarian, is not so quiet and orderly a person himself as he ought to be. He professes, indeed, to have merely the benefit of his own people in view in these open-air preachings, and says they are simply meant to instruct careless and ignorant Protestants, and have no controversial deign 'whatever in them. He is, if we are to trust his own account of himself, as innocent as a child with regard to any wish to provoke or annoy a single Romanist. But his address " to the Protestants of Belfast " is anything but a calm and peaceful document. He disclaims, indeed, as he is obliged to do, all wish to do bodily injury to the Roman Catholics, and be enjoins on his followers abstinence from all attack. He tells them even when they are collected around him to take care and leave room for the public who are not of his audience to pass. But how does he describe the road which he thus clears for them ?-" Call that clearan,ce the 'PoPr's "pad."' Is that a peaceful style of language ? Is that like a man anxious to conciliate his opponents and bent simply on securing for himself an uncontroversial acess to his ovn people for the salke of converting the careless Protestant to a religious life ? He is very strong indeed on the subject of keeping the peace, but so the most violent demagogues often are, at the very time that they are deliberately and intentionally bringing masses of people into such a position that they will be certain to break the peace. MIr. HA%-A is tenderness and charity itself, if we are to trust these verbal warnings of his; the mere sight of blood would unnerve him; he would faint if a man's slin were kicked. But what is the meaning of a leader deliberately bringing things to the very precipice of a convulsion and then saying " Peace, order, charity !"-putting whole antagonistic masses iato such an attitude towards each other that they must break out against each other, and thLen professing, on the very verge of coUision, to hold them back ? And what does 3Ir. HASxx mean, as a professed friend of peace and order, by actually placing himself in declared conflict with the magistrates of Belfast, bydesignedly wording his public notice of a next Sunday open-air demonstration in such an ambiguous way as to forestall a magistrate's prohibition and cheat civil justice of her fair power? " Your preachers will do their duty; vou " wvi nuzagc to find tihen 'wwrirercr t1wy nuzy " appear. No one knows whether you ar to have " preaching you may all guess. I cannot speak amore plainly. If I did somebody might go and "wear that, as somebody was going to preach, he "had reason to apprehend a riot, and our affrighted " magistrates might be tempted in their infatuation " to prevent it.' For a man not only to word a notice so ambiguously as to cheat the magistracy, but openly to state that his ambiguity is for that expreas object, is indeed an extraordinary act for a good subject and a Christian minister.
Co &xi' on?cUii1Lx BALMORAL, SEPr. 13. IIer Yjeffty the Qeen and the Prioco Consort drovo out yesteraxy afkrnoon. Her Royal Elighnes the Princees Royal rode out on horse. beck, attended by Lady Churchill. The Earl of Clarendon took leave of Her Majesty and his departure from BalmoraL Earl Grauville arrived in the evening, aud remained as the inister in attendance upon Her Majesty. The Chancellor of the Exchequer arrived in town last nigght from Harpton-comrt, B.adnorshire. _ espatches were receivei yesterday at the Colonial-office from the Governor of Canada, the Governors of the West India Island., and the Givernors of Gibraltar Dospatlhes were sent yesterday to the Governor of the Cape of Good H ope.__ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ROYAL VISIT TO WENTWO1TH-1OUSB_The SfLfie2d Ind.pe,dcsde of Saturday last Seates aethorite. tivey that the Queen and the Prince Consort will honour the Earl of Fitzwillim rwith a visit at Wontworthbhose near Rotherham. on their return from Scotland, on Thurs dxy, the 15th of Octoher Dnxt. Her Msiesty, when Princess Victori, visitod Went- ,rth h.iuse ,rith the Dnches of Ker,t, in Septetuber. 1835. on their return from the grand mudcal festivl at r ,rk.
THZ M UVT INX I E S I nI I N D I A, _0 We have received by way of Constantinople the following despatch from our own Correspondent, dat-d Alexandria, September 8:- " The Bombay malls arrived at Suez on the 4th inst. "Delhi still held oat on the 29th of July. "Geaeral Havelock, leaving Colonel Neill at Cawnpore, was marching on Lucknow ; thenc he prooeeds to Delhi. " Brigadier Nicholson's column and Van Cortlandt's were also marching on DelhL " Tho 7th, 8th, and 40th Bengal Infantry had mutinied at Dinapore. "Central India was tranquiL "The 27th Bombay Native Infantry had mutinied at Kolapore on tho 1st of September. "The mutiny had been suppreswed. "Exchange.-Bombay, 2a. 1id. Interest reduced 2 per cent. "No tidings of the Bentinek. "The Columbian, from Australia, reached Snez on the 7th of September, with dates from Sydney to the 18th, and Melbourne, the 22d of July; Galle, the 17th of August. " A steamer waM reported wrecked on the Bassla, near Galle, but the Columbian brings no authentic intelligence of her." The following telegram, dated Marseilles, September 14, 1857, was received at the Foreignoffice from Her Majesty's Consul at Marseilles, September 14, 9 p.m.:- " Bombay mail arrived; leaves for London at 10.30 p.m. *' BOMBAY, AuGusT 14. "News from Delhi to July 29. "Sorties repulsed on the 14th, 18th, and 23d of July, with great lom to rebels; 500 Idlled and wounded on our side. " Brigdier Chamberlain severely wounded on 14th; doing welL " Since 23d no fighting. "Neemuch mutineers arrived at Delhi. "Brigadier Nicholson expected at Delhi 15th August from Punjab with reinforcements. " General Reed relinquished commnand to General Wilson, from ill health. " Agra.-Nothing important since battle of 5 July. " Haveloek oecupied Bithoor 17 July without resistance; 13 guns captured. Nena Sahib escaped. Defeated 29 July 10,000 men on road to Lucknow; captured 15 guns. Our loas not supposed great. " Cawapore butchery confirmedK No autbentic details. "Ilavelock expected at Lucknow 30th July. "Punjab.-Sealkote mrutineers destroyed by General Nicholson July 17. " 26th Regiment mutinied at Meenniessapour*. Spencer murdered. "Thnapore.-Threeregimentsmutiniea; dispersed by 10th Queen's. "Calcutta quiet. "Hyderabad qtuiet on the 14th of August. "Mhow, Indore.-Brigaaier Steuart arrived at Mlhow on the 2d of August. " olkar remains faithfuL "Bombay.-Mutiny of 27th Regiment at Kolapore suppressed. Six companies of Queen's 33d and one of Artillery arrived from Mauritius. ' ALEXL. TURNBRUL.I The foUowing telegraphic despatch has been received at the East India-house:- " ALBXANDRIA, Si&PT. 8. "General Havelock's forces, after re-occupying Cawnpore, finding Bithoor evacuated, burnt it to the ground. " On the 29th and 30th of July they found the rebels at Bupeer-el-Gunge, about 18 miles from Cawnpore, 10,000 strong, whom they defeated, with the loss of 1.5 guns. They expected to reach Lucknow the next day. " Nena Sahib perpetrated a fearful massacre at Cawnpore, in which nearly all the European inliabitants perished. "The 7th, 8th, and 40th Regiments mutinied at D)inapore on the 23d of July, and threatened Benares. "The 12th Irregular Cavalry mutinied at the same station, and murdered their commanding officer, Mlajor Holmes, and his wife. "Accounts fromDelhi are to the 29th of July. "Three sorties have been repulsed, on the 14th, 18th, and 23d, vith loss on our side of about 500 killed and wounded. " The rains had set in heavily. " General Reid has relinquished the command of the forces on account of illness, and has been suiiceeded by Brigadier-General A. Wilson. " Sir Colin CampbeU has arrived at Calcutta and asumed command of the Indian Army. " The Sealkote mutineers, on the route to Delhi, were totally destroyed at Goordaspoor, by Brigadier Nicholson's force. " A mutiny has broken out in the 27th Bombay Native Infantry at Kolapore, in the SouthernMahk ratta country. European troops have been sent out against the mutineers, and are said to have queUed the disturbances. " Great alarm prevails in Belgaum, Dharwar, Rtutnagherry, and Sattara, and the ex-Ranee and a native Rajah have been taken into custody and brought prisoners to Bombay. " A Mahomedan conspiracy has been discovered in the Bombay Presidency, and the Moolavie of Poonah and several accomplices have been appre- hended, and awsit their triaL " Her Majesty's 3Sd Regiment has arrived from the Mauritius, and now forms part of the Bombay garrison. " Colonel Steuart's column has reached Mhow and Indore, and tranquillity is restored in Central India. " Holkar remains faithful, but his troopa dis. orderly. " Colonel Durand, the Besident, had returned to his post. " The disarmre 26th Bengal Native Infantry mutinied at Mean Mleer the 30th of July, and mur. dered their commanding officer, Major Spencer." Meeau Meer. The Duke of Cambridge has consented to lay the foundation stone of a Crimean meoament in Sheffield early in October. The day will be observed as a general holy. day.
SECOND EDITION, THE TIMES-OFFICE, Tnela y lforuni. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday (Monday), 6 p.m.:- The partial improvement which I noticed in the trade of Paris within the last month has now become general, and almost all the manufacturers are fuUy employed. There are at present in Paris numerous purchasers for all descriptions of manufactures. It is now perceived that the consumption, which vras limited during many years in consequence of the war and of the dearness of provisions, had induced the shopkeepers to suffer their tock of goods to rtn lor. That stock is now exhausted, and it becomes necessary to renew it. The manufacturers on their part, having produced but little, are unable to satisfy the demand. To give the trade of Paris its full elasticity there still wants, however, a greater facility in obtaining discounts, Unfortunately, the capital which waas vwithdrawn from commercial purposes to be employed in less legitimate speculations has not yet returned to its natural channel, and merchants are frequently forced to refuse good orders because a too long credit is required, which their limited capital does not enable them to grant. The trade in jewellery, gold, silver, and bronze ornaments, which was long languishing, ha5 now resumed its ancient activity. The manufacturers have received many foreign orders ; but as they pride themselves on the superior quality of their workmanship, their prices are high, and many purchasers who prefer an inferior article seek to supply themselves iu a cheaper market. The proprietors of fancy shops in Paris have made large purchases of stuffs for ladies' dresses and of shawls. There has been consequently a brisk movement among the manufacturers of Lyons and Roubaix. The fall in the price of corn made further progress last week. The holders of flour wvere forced to lower their pretensions in consequenice of the accounts from the provinces, which announce a general declining movement in the cornmarkets. The supply of grain is everywhere increasing. The price of flour was maintained during the last month by the small stock on hand and the want of water, which prevented the millers from grinding. The late heavy rains have supplied that want, and flour is now everywhere abundant. At the Paris flourmarket on Friday there were more sellers than buyers, and the millers consented to reduce the price 2f. the sack of 157 kilogrammes of the best quality, and 3f. for inferior quality. The flour factors announced the following sales :- 451 sacks for delivery, at from 651f. to 60f. the sack; 12,680 sacks for delivery at the end of the month, at prices valying fromn 5(f. to 61f. 50c. the sack. The reserve in the Paris market stores has risen to 17,224 quintals. There was but little business transacted at the last Paris corn mar)et. Purchasers demanded a further reduction of fronm If. 5Oc. to 2f. the hectolitre. Good wheAt from Lorraine was offered at 33f. the sack of 120 kilogrammes, which is equal to 22f. the hectolitre. Rye 1aintains its price, but oats were offered at a reductIon of If. the hectolitre. The last rain was favourable to the oats still uncut. Wheat fell last week in almost all the provincial markets if. the hectolitre. The price was 'Well maintained at Marseilles in consequence of large shipments for Englaud. The late rains have done immense service to the grapes, which are advancing rapidly to maturity. It is many years since the grapes were of Suelc good quality as at present. The vintage commenced on Thursday last at Beaugency, and will become general before the end of the month. Last year it did not commence before the 10th of October, making a dlitTrence of a month. Unfortunately, the disease has reappeared in many places, palrticularly in Languedoc and the Bordlelais, which will considerably reduce the crop in those localities. In the meantime the price of wine keeps up, and many proprietors have announced that they vill carefully preserve the wine of this year, which recalls to mind the wines of the year 1811. Paris was never so abundantly supplied with grapes as at presenit. Besides the Chasselas of Fontainebleau, there are large quantities of black and wvhite grapes received from the south. The bunches of grapes, carefully picked, are packed in white deal boxes which contain 2lbs. each. This branch of com. merce I.as become of great importanice since the establishineit of railways, and is of ixmnneuse advantage to the inhabitants of Palis. A letter from Limoges states that the chestnut trees in the Limousin are breaking d.,wn under the weight of the fruit. Never in the rnemory of man was there seen so large a crop of chestnuts as this year. They wiU be as remarkable for quality as for size in consequence of the favourable weather. A videut fire broke out at 7 this morning in the offices of the tojtc,,r, Quai-Voltaire, No. l1I. It first appeared in the compositors' room shortly after the paper had been published and distributed Notwithstanding that all the persons employed in the nevrspaper office were still there, and every assistance was given, the fire spread with such rapidity that the entire building was shortly enve loped in flames. At half-past 8 the fire was extinguishe3, after much damage was caused. The printing, presses were saved. The I?vIejp)enda(e 1(slyc was again seized in Paris to-day, The appointment of Monsignor Landriot, Bishop of La lRochelle, to the rank of Senator, is regarded as certain. The celebrated painter Wintherhalter has been commisioned to execute the portrait of the Emiperor Alexander 11., which is to be placed in the Mlusenm of Versailles. It is said that the institation of the Waterloo medal in England has suggested to the Emperor the idea of striking medals commemorative of the battles of Marengo, Austerlitz, Jena, and Wagram, aud of conferring them on the survivors of the old army who were present at those battles. It is whispered that the German potentates have forbiddenl any of their subjects to accept the medal of St. Helena. It is announced that at the end of this month preparations will be made for the fetes wbich are to take place at the Hotel de Ville in the month of October next. A letter from Rome of the 10th inst. informs us that in consequence of an address presented to the Roman Municipal Council, in which the departure of the foreign troops was demanded in terms insulting to the French, a great number of Roman citi- Bens of distinction had waited on General Goyon, the Ccmmander of the French troops, to protest agapnst that document, and to profes their profound esteem for the Emperor of the French anc his brave arny. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 66i. 50c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Ilalf per Cents. at 90f. 75c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,352f. 5o1c.; Great Northern, 850f. ; Strasburg, 665f.; New Shares, 647f. SOc.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 842f. 50e. ; Western of France, 700f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 632f. 60c,Great Central of France, 608f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 647f. 50c.; Bank of Orddit Mobilier, 805f.; Austrian Railways, 640f.; Russian Railways, 502f. 50c. Cours Auacntjfqu.- R 78, Sept. 14.--CUah PrioesFoue-and-a-Half per Cents., (not retnibursable for 10 "ears), 90a. 75c. 50c. 74.; Four per Cents., 79f. ; Thrcs per Cent., 66f£ 50c. 4.50.; Benk of France, 2.7731. 2.790!.; ditto (5.5/). paid), 2,775f. 2 790t. ; Credit FonOer Obllgations of 0f., Four per Cents., 426if. 25o,; ditte Three por Cents., :395!.; ditto, Tentbs, Foulr perCen*s, 85E.; Prom. Obhigztion of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 9:35f.; Credit kbWe', U 52Qf, 8191, 805f, ; Diseenne Kank. 0j7Sf.; Piedl. iontese Five per Cen., 90f.; A hrian Five per Cento, 89i; a rite de tNaples f Rothsohild's), llfr . 0sc. 75. RO?nasii 865 $; Spanish Three per Cents., Interior Dehi' :sum talobaftge on London, at sight, paper, 23f. 22t.h; 1 DmOnw' 25S. 17.Ao.; three months, paper, 241. 85o,; money, TH1E CAMP OF OHALO2NS. (FROM OUlR OWN cOREmSPONDENt.) SEPIrEMsan 13. Vi3itors to the Camp of Chalons are apt to imagine that the four hours' rail from Paris is the sum total of the journey, and that on reaehing the town an easy walk or drive wiU bring them to the tents of the Imperial Guard. They will most likely get a glimmering of the truth from some communicative fellow-traveller whlle steaming over the 43 leagues that separate Paris from the chief town of the department of the IMairne; but if not, they will certainly discover, when landed at Chalons, that the most troublesome part of their journey is yet to come. Since the camp is to be of ainual recurrence, it is presumable that in another year or two the Chalonese will have their wits a little quickened. At any rate, as the new railway is to be opened in a few days, one great difficulty will be removed, and travellers will no longer lose half a day in obtaining a vehicle and in floundering through crossroads and quagmires to the camp. At present I am bound to say that the chief hotel of Chalons, although it has the pretension of being two hotels rolled into one, under the double and sonorous title of the Palais Royal and the Golden Bell, shows but little alacrity in speeding wanderers on their way. WVith horses in the stable and carriages in the yard there yetis some mysterious, and, as it for a long time appears, insurmountable, difficulty in combining the two and starting for the camp. Allowance must be made for the embarrassment of people upon whom good fortune is suddenly thrust. Quiet, dingy old Chalons has loDg been so unaccustomed to an influx of travellers, to a demand for post horses and hotel accommodation, that its head is quite turned. Ancient instincts of honesty seem to be struggling with new opportunities of gain. It would perhaps be truer, although less charitable, to say that the Chalonese are so afraid of asking too little, that they take along time in making up their minds as to the exact point to which their new customers will bear bleeding. The bargain made-that is to say, their terms stated and acquiesced in (for the day wears, and they assure us they are six terrible leagues to the camp)-a most exasperating deliberation stil characterizes aU their movements. The shafts must be removed, and, a pole put in, for what can one horse do on a road on which, as they aver, you sink up to the axle at every second turn of the wheel ? Then the horses are eating their corn, or Antoine, the coachman, is not forthcoming; and had you not better breakfast before going, for you vill get nothing fit to eat at the camp? A stubborn, very slow-moving old lady, a red-faced, petulant man, a pallid waiter, and half a dozen helps and nondescripts pass to and fro, propounding difficulties and recommending food. At last, after two or three false starts, you are off, having lost exactly one hour and three-quarters since getting out of the railway. Elated by your escape, everything looks coukur de I ose. You smile amiably at the host whom you have been mentally overwhelming with maledic. tions for the last five quarters of an hour you promise peurboire to the drivers, and you offer one of those choice Havannahs you brought from London to the Frenchman who shares your conveyance. The insignificant stone gateway you pass under as you quit the town assumes the proportions of a triumpbal arch, and you observe with delight that the road, as far as you can see ahead, has by no means that desperately bad appearance you have been led to expect. You make no doubt that the length as well as the quality of the way has been exaggerated, and that an hour or little more will take you to the camp. After three or four rmiles, however, you quit the high road, and soon you see that your troubies are all before you. Your companion, Frenchman like, is sanguine and hopeful, and sees the camp at every turn of the track. A bit of tricoloured bunting, floating from a roadside winehouse, is taken for a banner indicating the Emperor's head-quarters. A canteen-woman's cart, a couple of dragoon orderlies, are considered proofs that we are close to our destination. Meanwhile, the road, off which we are frequently obliged to tt'rn in order to pass waggons and heavy vehicles going to and. from the camp, gets worse and worse, until at last it becomes worthy of the Crimea. Indeed, it would be insulting the Doyne highway, as it was towards the end of the war, to compare the two; one of those wheel-tracks across country which, in WaUachia, do duty as roads, is the best simile that can be found for the last half hour of the way. But, as we toilsomely rise a fir-crowned hill, wheels creaking and horses sweating, we meet some French officers, strolling on foot. This looks like proximity. " Lieutenant, are we near the camp?" " Tout pr?s, Moltsie7r; in three minutes you wil see it." In less than that time we espy some flags, and our coachman points with his whip to a very ordinary. looking wooden hut on our left front. "That is the Emperor's quarters." Tents right and left of the road. They are those of the 1st and 2d Grenadiers. Ahead our view is bounded by an undulating belt of thick foliage. It is the little river Cheneu, whose verdant frinige relieves the barren aspect of the surrounding couOtry; for the picturesque has certainly not been consulted in the selection of the ground for the camp, and it would be hard to pitch upon a less agreeable landscape. But it is the very place for the purpose-a vast undulating plain, with a chalk bottom. hlalf an hour after a heavy rain the water has all been sucked in. The road we are on leads direct to Grand cMourmelon, the principal village near to the camp, which reaches close up to it. Away to the left, not visible from this spot, is Petit Mourmelon. There is sometting in the sound that reminds one of the Crimea. We think at once of the bloodstained Mamelon. And, a stiU strongerreminderon an imaginary line connecting the two villages, in front of the Cheneu and In rear of the camp, are a number of detached huts and wooden buildings, the nucleus of what will doubtless in thme be a large sutler's village. This is Kamiesch, or Coquinville. or Filouville-for by all these names is it known. Here are the old inscriptions from Crim Tartary:" On doww'& {i boire et a smanger," "1 Yin de Champagne," " Cafe au lait et au noir" (a new way of designating eoffee without milk), "n07 sert ela portion." There is the (afe de Paris, not much resembling its defunct namesake on the Italien Boulevard, but which actually attempts an gtalage-a display of choice fruits and uncooked viands. Under a very fair counterfeit of the OolonneVendome, about 15 feet high, a dealer in brandycherrieshas established himself. A small hut is devoted. to the sale of perfumery, for which one would imagine that the demand must be moderate in a camp; but doubtless the Guard, although exiled for a short time in the deserts of Champagne, has not forgotten the refinements of Paris. But here are some well-remembered faces and uniforms. The Zouave camp stretches away on our left. " Stop, coachman; we go no further." It is just 5 o'clock; we have been exactly eight hours getting from Paris to the camp, and, until the railway is opened it can hardly be done quicker. We have arrived, however, at a good moment. G o'clock is the usual mess hour, but yesterday was a wet day, and the manceuvres, which usually takes place on Friday, were put off until Saturday. The breakfast was consequently early, and dinner is at 5. A good Providence has ordained that, for this day at least, we shall not be left to the tough mercies of a Coquinville or aMourmelon ragout. Thanks to the hospitality of a friendly Captain of Zouaves, we presently frud oureolves at table in the mess-hut of his regiment,where are assembled sonme three-score officers, the majority of whom wear om their breast the English Crimean medal, the Medjidie, or some other memoriali of the late war. The plot of ground known as the Camp of Chalons, but of which only a small portion is really occupied by the camp, the rest remaining free for manceuvres, is in extent nearly 140 square kilometres. In form it would most resemble a square, butfor two projecting spurs, or rather heels, one of which protrudes nearly north, the other nearly due west-both from the western side of the territory. Nearly parallel to the southern boundary of the camp runs the rlver Vesle, and to the northern limit the Suippes; a rivulet caled the Cheneu rises in the camp itself, and escapes from it in a south-westerly direction, intersecting the southern spur. Nearly parallel to this stream, from its rise to where it quits the camp, the troops are established; the two divisions of infantry on the left, the cavalry on the right; in the rear of the cavalry, west of the stream, the artilery, some engineers of the line, the waggon-train, ommissariat, bakehouses, slaughterhouses, &c. The engineers of the Guard are on the right of the infantry, the Cent Gardes in their rear. The line formed by the tents is not a straight one, nor a regular curve, but undulates. Opposite a break, like a broad avenue, left between the infautry and cavalry, are the Imperial head-quarters; immediately on the right of these is the chapel, a mere roof surmounted by a cross, but a conspicuous object and seen from afar, owing to the eminence on which it and the Emperor's residence are placed. A few hundred yards to the left of the latter is the Btat Major General, the head-quarters of iGeneral Regnault de St. Jean d'Angely. The Emperor's quarters are just upon a fine old Romnanroad that runs right through the camp, and which connects Rheims and Bar le Due. It has been stated in some of the French papers that an old camp of Attila's is not only within the limits of the camp of Chalons, but that the Guard is now encamped on the same spot. This is incorrect. The place where Attila and his Runs established themselves is about a mile, or rather more, east of the south-eastern corner of the new military territory, and certainly seven miles from the ground now occupied by the French troops. The weatherhere since thelstof Septemberhasbeen very uncertain, and upon the whole not favourable. This has caused some derangement in the routine of work laid dowrn for the troops. According to this, Monday,Wednesday,and Friday are mnanceuvre days, on the other working days the artillery begin practice at daybreak, leave off at 11 a.m., and then the infantry commence. The cavalry have the alternate days to look after their horses, clean their equipments, and attend to the various duties from which an infantry man is exempt. Sunday is a full-dress day; mass is said at 9 in the morning, and then the soldiers have the whole day to themselves, and may be seen playing at skittles and other games, rambling over the country, and thronging the dirty streets of Mourmelon le Grand, and of other neighbouring hamlets, where poultry, rabbits, fruit, vegetables, and various delicacias likely to tempt their appetite, are exposed for sale in newly runup wooden sheds, in carts, and in heaps upon the ground. This morning dawned most unpropitiously for the usual religious ceremony. The sky was of a dull leaden tint, except where heavy murky masses of cloud drifted across the monotonous surface, apparently charged with water, soon to descend In torrents. The camp looked, as camps always do in such weather, a collection of the most wretched residences into which human beings were ever uncomfortably packed. The poor village of Mourmelon looked more dismal than ever; the flimsy wooden shops and cafls that have sprung up around it and In it-wherever a nook of ground was availableseemed to shiver in their nakedness, as If anticipating a drenching, and perhaps trembled at the recollection of the fate of one of their number, which, the other day, a heavy gust of wind blew bodily away, scattering its fragments far and wide, and leaving its unhappy proprietor bemoaning his rain. Altogether, nothing could be more dismal than the morning, but the buoyant spirits of French soldiers are proof against the skyey influences. Of this I was able to convince myself by an early walk along the whole liue of the camp. The men were all out of their tents, busy furbishing themselves up for the full-dress parade, and on every side resounded jest and laugh, and scraps of song. The Grenadiers were the gravest, the habitual wearing of a bearskin apparently giving a certain dignity and gravity to a soldier. Besides which, among the Grenadiers are a great number of old steady soldiers, who would doubtless deem it beneath them to indulge in the gambols and frolics of the natty little Chasseurs, or of the devil-may-care Zouave. But, generally speaking, all the zoldiers of the Guards seem extreme well-behaved men. In my wanderings amongst them last evening I did not see a symptom of drunkenness, and if you ask them a question or a direction you are sure of a respectful and intelligent answer. Soon after S, from beyond the Cheneu, the strains of a capital band resounded, and presently the artillery were seen marching up the road towards the Imperial quarters. About the same time the Grenadiers were seen moving from the left, while the Zouaves, who, being in the centre, had less distauce to go, formed up in front'ofltheir camp. Then came a gaudy array from the right, the Guides and the lancers, the dragoons and cuirassiers, all on foot. Little by little the vast square of 20,000 men was formed, each regiment. as it arrived, taking up its allotted place. Of spectators the muster was not considerable, although neither could it be considered small if we bear in mind the remnote situation of the camp and the early hour of the day. It was made up chiefly of peasants in their blue blouses, some of whom had been stationed since 6 in the morning in the neighbourhood of the Imperial head quarters, waiting for the chance of a glimpse of the Emperor. Until a very short time before the formation of the camp it was not believed that it would be on the spot finally selected; the sudden.. ness of the news, therefore, added to the excitement its installation occasioned among the simple population of this part of Champagne. The country people, forming perhaps an exaggerated Idea of what is to be seen at their journey's end, come from distances of 10 and 15 leagues to look at the troops. Some of them come on foot, making a three or four days' journey of it. From Chalons and Rheims diligences come every morning, loaded with holr day-makers from those towns. Of these, however, owing, doubtless, to the threatening weather, the collection was not large to-day. A few private vehicles came in, but most of them were too 1lte for the parade. As soon as the square was formed and the officiating priests all in readiness in the chapel, the Emperor walked out of his house, followed by his staf, and stationed himself at a short distance in front of the altar, between and a little in rear of two of the Cent Gardes. The service then began. A remarkably fine band, composed of performers from several regiments of the Guard, supplied the music. At several parts of the service the Emperor removed his hat and the troops presented arms. When the Host was elevated the Emperor inclined forward, without exactlykneeling, and the whole of the troops knelt. The effect of this movement of the great mass of men was very striking. Mass over, the Emperor, after exchanging a few words with some of the Generals near himn, returnedl into his quarters, and in a few minutes the square was broken up and the divisions on the march to their respective camps, under a smart shower, which just then began to f 411. One is constantly reminded, in this camp, of seenes of the former ampire, as represented in the innumerable pictures of Napoleon's campaigns. This arises of course from the smilarity of dress between many of the present corps and the old Imperial Guard. The Grenadiers, among whom are not wanting fine martial heads, such as Charlet loved to sketch, are particularly suggestive in this sense. The bronzed features and enormous moustaches of some of them would not be misplaced in pietures of the campaigns of 1812-13. The Zouaves are a novelty, but certainly not the least picturesque part of the show, and their invariable bigh spirits and inventive genius make them the very life of the camp. It is, I believe, generally recognized and acknowledged that a Zouave, though he may have grown grey in the service, is always, when off duty, a boy in character. Certainly thowe of the Guard are no juvenile soldiers. There are few very young men among them, and most of them, besides the Crimean campaign, have done long and good service in Africa. The routine of duty is pretty severe here; there is little idle time left to the soldier, but the Zouaves will always find leisure for their favourite fancies and frolics. In the fortnight that they have been here they have laid out their gardens, not,it must be owned,very rich in the floral way, and, as regards utility and the kitchen, they will hardly be here long enough to profit by the cabbages and lettuces wbich are now sprouting up in their camp. They have a very promising bed oI peas, but it is to be feared they -will not come to much good at this season. There are no nursery gardens,J and probably few seedsmen, in this barren district, and their flowers are only those which they have extracted from the banks of the rivers. These, however, are tastefully arranged in parterres of various forms, fringed with a little hardy herb which in the Crimea they used industriously to collect for salads, and shaded with young fir trees, taken from the pat^hes of that tree to be found here and there in these otherwise naked plains. Vithin the last day or two they have got up a sort of masquerade, which is wonderfully effective, considering the scanty means at their disposal. They dress themselves as Arabs, imitating the gait and peculiarities of the people among whom many of them have passed the greater part of their lives-since they first entered the service. Some of them get on each other's shoulder?, and dress the two as one man, thus composing most gigantic Bedouins. Even this does not satisfy them, and they have got up a cameL In what manner they group themselves so as to represent a very tolerable outline of the animal I am unable to describe, but they cover the figure with their gray blankets, which are pretty nearly the camel colour, and the effect is wonderful. One of them gets on the camel's back, and gazes about him with the calm dignity and air of superiority of a real chieftain of the desert. The Grenadiers have got up a theatre, of which the stage is covered, while the audience are in the open air. This sort of amucement, precious in the Crimea, does not seem to take quite so well here, withiu a few hours of Paris. Then there is a large caf4 chantant, where ladies in low dresses sing sentimental ballads, and some crazy billiard tables are to be found in the huts of New Kamiesch, so that upon the whole the camp is not badly off for amusement. As far as I can perceive, however, its tenants, especially the officers, would much rather be in Paris than going through a severe course of duty in a country which offers so few resources as this. A tent in the Crimea, with the excitement of action, hopes of distinction and promotion, with all the perils and possible rewards of active service, is a very different thing from a tent in the peaceable camp of Chalons, just far enough removed from the pleasures of civilized life to make their absence tantalizing. But Frenchmen are no grumblers, and aU here seem to be doing their duty well and wilingly. The Emperor is said to be in hi,,h spirits and excellent health, and de]ightedcwith the military pageant. To-morrow, if weather permits, grand manoeuvres. To-day has been very showery, and the village of Grand Mourmelon, in which I have been so fortunate as to secure a cupboard, is all the worse for the wetting; its onlystreet, whichruns past the loophole at which I write, is trodden into a morass by the stream of soldiers that has been pouring through it since morning; and the sky promises not over well. But, as les jours se suivent et ne se ressemblent pas, we hope for a " sun of Austerit" to-morrow. AUSTRIA. (FROX OUR O WN COcRESPOI-DzE.) VIEYXA, Srzr-. 12. A few days since a Brussels paper informedits readers that the King of Naples had requested Austria to mediate between himself and the Courts of London and Paris, but the statement is incorrect. Some months since Pruasia endeavoured to bring, about a reconciliation between the Western Powers and Naples, but her mediation failed because the Earl of Olarendon and Count Walewski declared that their diplomatic relations with the Neapolitan Government would not be renewed until the demands made on it by the English and French Cabinets were acceded to. According to a private letter from Florence, the Marquis of Normanby and the Tuscan Minister for Foreign Affairs had a dispute on a question of etiquette while the Pope was in the Tuscan capitaL The British Minister and his colleagues received an invitation to dine at the Pitti Palace, but to their extreme displeasure they were not placed at the same table with the Grand Duke and the Sovereign Pontiff. A complaint was made in due form to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, but that functionary threw the blame on the shoulders of the grand steward. A day or two after the diplomatists had been obliged to eat " humble pie" they received another iavitation to dine at Court, and accepted it, in the expectation that reparation for the slight which had been put upon them was about to be made. The noble Lord and his colleagues were, however, again obliged to seat themselves at a lower table, " and since that time," says the correspondent, "1 the relations between the Diplomatic Corps and the Tuscan Court have been extremely cooL" For some time past the Austrian money-market has been in a very unsatisfactory state, but yesterday there was a terrible panic on 'Change. In the course of the day it became known that the National Bank was resolved no longer to advance such large sums on " accommodation-bills," and the consequence was, that those persons who had speculated beyond their means were in a violent hurry to turn their stoclk into hard cash As the sellers were out of proportion to the buyers, the prices of all kinds of stock fell with alarming ra. pidity. Credit Bank shares, which a year ago were at 96 per cent. premium, were yesterday only 3i per cent. above par. Northern Railroad sharee, which six months ago were at 200, have fallen to 169, and some other kinds of isui7trWil stock are not to be sold at any prioe. The National Bank will soon be obliged to resume its cash payments, and, in order that it may be able to do so, it is resolved to reduce its paper circulation to 380,000,000 of florins by the lIt of January, 1858. As the Bank rarely advances on bills more than one-third of the sum demanded, the persons requiiing accommodation make a rule of demanding three times as much as they want, and cf sending in the bills rejected three times in the course of the week. In order to put a stop to these abuses the Bank has determined to discount bills but once a week, and in future to advance more money to the commercial and less to the speculating world. An experienced financier, who cannot but be well informed on the subject, tells me that the Credit Bank will not be able to pay more than 5 per cent. to the shareholders thia year, but he, at the same time, expresses his conviction that a few years hence its sbares will be in as great demand as they were 18 months ago. It has been remarked here that the national festival at Weimear on the 4th instant bore a "regular Protestant stamp," but it is the fault of Austria if Catholic Germany was feebly represented. The Archbishop of Vienna, in his supplementary letter to the Concordat, declered that the more highlyeducated classes in Germany were " morally sick," and his organs in this city have not scrupled to at' tribute a great part of tbo indifference which pre. vails in religious matters to the works of Goethe, SchUller, and Herder, three men to whose genius Northern Germany has just rendered homage. The Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar some weeks ago requiested Count Lanskoronski, the Lord Chamberlain of this Court, to permit M. Laroche, one of the most celebrated actors in the Imperial Theatre, to be present at the festival at Weimar, as he was a pupil of Goethe's and is the only living member of the famous company formed by the deceased Grand-Duke Charles Augustus. Although the letter was addressed to tho Austrian noble who is director of the two Court theatres by the Lord Chamberlain of the Grand-Duke, Zir. Laroche was not permitted to assist in the glorification of three men who, in the opinion of the Ultramontane party, have done infinitely srore harm than good in the world. Ever aince the publication of her Concordat, Austria has been losing ground in Germany, and there are persons who are inclined to fancy that she will never again recover her former position. In one of my more recent letters it was stated that the Austrians sincerely hope that the English may speedily succe3d in quelling the military insurrection in India, and a Vienna correspondent of the Frank:fo-t Post Zeitu7u7 thus expresses the opinions of his fellow-townsmen on the subject 'Nowhere does the behaviour of the Sepoys excite greater abhorrence than in the political circles of Vienn, mnd nowhere is it more sincerely wisbed that success may attend the Bntish arms than in this city. We firmly believe that the Power which was able to conquer India is rlso able to maintain possession of it; and we feel assred that they who fanoy that England is on the brink of rain are as much mistaken as were those persons who in 1848 and 1849 prophesied that Austria wonld fall to pieces." The Augysburg Gazette learns from Batavia that a revolutionary spirit begins to manifest itself in the Dutch possessions in the East Indies. An expedition is about to be sent by the Datch Government against the Radachas of Li&tk aund Takaip, who rcside in the island of Timor (one of the Moluccas). I' e correspondent observes that the insurrectionary spirit seems to prevail in Eastern Asia from the 50th degree north latitude, to the 20th degree south latitude. It is necessary to inform you that the German correspondents take an extremely unfavourable view of the state of affairs in India, and they rarely fail to state that the whole truth does not find its way into the papers published in India. IYALY. A letter from $ilan of the 8th states that on the preceding day the Archduke Maximilian gave a grand dinner in honour of the King of the Belgians, who had arrived there the preceding day. A letter from Rome says- " The Sovereign Pontiff, who, as the telegraph will have informed you, returned to this city on the 5th, was received with great pomp. Cardinals Patrizzi, Roberti, and AntoneDi accompanied by all the Ministers, went to the villa of the late Count Filipponi to receive His Holinessa It having teen arranged that he shonld there quit his travelling carilage. Cardinal Antonelli, having been suffering for a fortnight from gout,had to make a great effort to be present. The Pope proceeded to Rome in what is called his town equipage, and had in the carriage with him Cardinals Patrizzi and Roberti Cardinal Antonelli having proceeded direct to Rome to receive him at St. Peter's. On the arrival of the Pope at ?onte Molle, a deputation of the traders of Rome, who have constructed at that spot an amphitheatre, begged his Holiness to give his blessing to the people who were there assembled. The Pope r.ccordingly ascended to a platforr, where ho was addressed by Count Savorelli, President of the Chamber of Commerce, and he gave his benediction to the people, who, in return, greeted him with anclamations. General de Goyon, the French Commander, attended bv his staE, then paid his respects to the Pope, and when his Woline"s resumed his progress the General rode at the side of his carriage to the Vatican, the staff forming a corteqc instead of the guard. &t tbe Porta del Popolo, a deputation of the municipality, headed by Senator Prince Orsini, presented theirhomage to the Pope. He then proceeded by the Corso and the Via Papale to St. Peter's, where a Tc Dcum was chanted in the usual manner. Al Uthe cardinals and the diplomatic body were present, The Pope rlterwards retired to his apartments in the Vatican. I the evening the entire city and tbe cupolaof St. Peter'swere brilliantlyillaminated, and the illuminations were repeated the next evening. The municia'aty distributed bread and meat to the poor,and psid the smaU debts of insolvent prisoners. Prince Borghese gave gratuitous a&nusements to the people, and distributed among them by lottery about 5,000f. The Savings' Bank gave marriage portions to a namber of girls who, in their own names or in those of their parents had deposits in the bank, In a word, everything was done to make the reception as brilliant as thoze tbat have taken plaec in other towns. And now, if it be asked what is the view taken here of the journey which the Holy Father has just terminated, it must be answered that it is considered to have produced immense advantages. AU the reports that haveobeenspread abroad as to the disaffection of the provinces, and especiaUy of Romagna, are held to be solemnly disproved by the demoostrations made by the people in honour of the Pope. It bas been definitively resolved that the withdrawal from circulation of the large pieces of five sous shaU take place forthwith. This measure affords general satisfaction, and removes the last trace in the Treasury of the Revolution. Other measures, calculated to cause the equilibru m of the budget, are under discussion."
ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIO DESPATCHES. (FRo0I OUt OWN COPRESPONDENM.) SOUTHAMPTOON, TUESDAY, 10 A.5I. Wind W. Arrived.-Argo, steamer, from Bremon; Courier, steamer, from Jersey; Havre, steamer, from Havre; Antomatio, from Marseilles; Edith, from Llanelly; Temora, steamer, from DubUn. Sailed.-Expres, Edward and Mfary Jolly, and Despatch, for Jersey; Alliance, steamer, for havre; La Coq, for Cherbourg. LIVIERPOOL, TMSDAY MORXING. Wind S. Arrived.-Queen of the Ea, from Bombay; Joodianah, from Calcutta; Marian Moore, from Mutlah; Merchant Prince, from Akyab; Atrevida, from Rangoon ; Balna- qaith, from Singapore; Albert Edw rd, from ranhila j Tapley, from Old Calabar; Lydia, from Antigua; Oddie Snow, from New Orleans ; New World. from New York; I Dumfries and Devon, from St. John, N. B.; EIy. Holman from Smyrna; Aklps, screwsteamer, from Trieste; MArguerite,| from Hsvre; Waymouth, from A ab * Iatrepido, from Sacath; Queen of the Avon, from Rngoon; Swift, from Jamalca; Javenta, from Cronstadt; Claudine, from Mars QUEENSTOWN, SEPT. 13. Wind S. S.E. Arrived.-Ranger, from Baihi Eagle, Indian Queen and Glanmire, I from Barbadoes; Theodore, from Quebec; Totir and Shied, from Odem; MIary C. Fox, from Cardenas; Countess of Durham and Trinmirratt, from Quebec; Toronto, from Matanzas; Juan Fernandez, from Caus; Expedient, from Galtz. DUBLI', Sxvr. 14. '.ida S.S.W. Arfived.-Volunteer, from Smyrna; lMchief, from Bar. badoe. (BY SUBM BIE AND BRIISE TELEGRAM.) GRAVESEND, TUESDAY, 9.30 As.. 'WVind S.W., last hour's flood, doudy. Arrived, Sept. 14.-Memel, from Quebaec; Rermoder, from Rigs ; Margaret Mine, from Arzhanel; George Fox, from Cronstadt; Stalls, from SkeUlftea. DEAL, TUESDAY, 9 AM. Wind S.S.W., light, and fine. Pased-British Tar, from Jamaica; Skelljftes, from Quebec (26 days out); Luneburg, from Odewa - OPveira, from Pn a t62 days ont); Clarlaa, from Carda-e.l for London. Pased, in tow.-Burmah, from Demerara, for Londor Anchored.-Kesslca, from Chatham, for Cardiff.
THE HANDEL FESTIYVAL. The committee of the Handel Festival bare at length wound up their accounts, and the result is e'i4attly satisfactory The enterprise appears to have been quite as auoceasful in a financial as in a popular aud artistic sense. The net profit reaches the handsome sum of 9,0001. Tkis is iz exoem of a lage amount of incidental property paid for out of the receipts, of which the most important items art the orchestra, stilU a fixture in the Crystal Palace, the necenary furniture of the orchestra, and the printed and copied music-all, of course, available for any future occasien. Taking these into consideration no previous miusdcal festiral ever realized so muchb The distribution of the surplus, in accordance with an agreement between the director; of the Crystal Palace Company and the Committee of the Sacred Harmonic SocIety, will be as follows :-One ninth (1 0001. to the society; six-ninths (6,0001.) to the company; a two-iinths (2,0001.) to a guarantee fund, jointly invested, towards the expenses of the fludel commemoration proposed to he held in 1859. The gross receipts of the recent festival were 23,3601., out of which amateurs will be glad to learn that no less than 11,000M. was obtained on the last day, vwhen Handel's greatest choral masterpiece, Israd in Egypt, was performed. This fact says volumes for the musical taste of the public, in advancing the progress of which the Sacred Harmonie Society has been an Important and powerful agent. Notwithstanding its grandeur and sublimity, Isracd in Egpypt has not hitherto been a " popular" work, in the strict signification of the term During Handel's lifetime it was more rarely presented than almost any other of his great works, and never without curtailments and interpolations, At the festival in the Crystal Palace, however, leracd was given precisely as it came from the pen of its immortal composer, and the effect produced upon the vast multitude assembled was unparalleled. It is more than probable that henceforth Tsraed in Rgypt wiU maintain t e place to which it is justly entitled by tho side of The Mcuiah, its wvorthiest companion, and that public affection wiU be fairly divided between the two. The interests of the musical art, the faume of Handel, and the prosperity of the Sacred Harmonic Society must alike bo promoted by such a result, while the festival of 1857 will rrmou?nbered with all the more satisfaction in consequence. The great experiment having been tried it romains to profit by experience. Competent judges are ofopinion that, with sundry not very formiidable expedients, added to certain modi6cations suggested from tho outset, but which there was not time enongh to consider, the concentration of sound within special Itmits and its more equal diffusion among the various localities in which the audience are stationed may be easily accomplished. Whatever could possibly be done under the circumstances was done by the energy and zealous perseverance of the directors; but between this and 1859 there is plenty of time to devise and CarrJ out such improvements as are indispensable to unqualiSied success. The committee of the Sacred Harmonic Society, we are informed, have already is contemplation a plan to keep the enormous body of amateurs, provincial and metropolitan, who officiated as chorus at regular and constant practice in the interval. The other duties will devolve chiefly upon the directors of the Crystal Palace, who 'have already sbown that many thousands of yersons can be accommodated with ease and comfort-which was half the battle since otherwise the Handel Festival would in all probability have degenerated into a riot. On this head doubts and fears are wholly set at rest, and the exclusive question now becomes one of providing means by which the musical effect shall bo more generally distributed. The year 1859 is not only interesting as the centenary of Handel's death, but as the 50th anniversary of tha death of Haydn, and the 60th anniversary o' the birth of Mendelssohn. The last ceremony connected with the festival of 1857 In which the perfomers were concerned took place on Friday night, at Exeter-hall, when medals commemorative of the event were distributed. The-e medals are of bronze, with Handel's bust (from the original statue of Roubillac, in the possesion of the Sacred Harmonic Society) on the obverse, and on the reverse an ancient lyre, encircled by the in-cription-" Crystal Palace-Handel Festival-Jane, 1857.1"
CABRDINAL WISRMAIV. TO TaE EDITOR OF TEIB TIrBS. Sir,-I see in your paper of this day observations unfavourable to the patriotism of Cardinal Wiseman, and I beg to be allowed a word in reply as one of the friends of that eminent person. You say that Cardinal Wiseman is not at Englishman in feeling. The answer is easy. If the Cardinal chose to live at Rome, he wotld have a splendid existence, holding some one of the great offices in the church and surrounded by every token of public and private veneration. But because he loves his country be remains here, where, thonuh admired and beloved by those of bis own Church and many others also, he must live in comparative obscurity, and be exposed to frequaent mortifications and even misfortunew, where the most experienced Protestant counsel advise him not to rely on the impartiality of a jury, and where he is unrecognized by the Government and the other authorities of the State. He has to ahoose between these two modes of life, and he chooses the latter, because he wishes to serve his country as a priest and teacher of religion. You deny any analogy between the case of the refugees here and that put by the Cardinal. You say that the former are only political ref ugees, while the supposed Elindoo ref £gees are criminals. Are you awaro of the curate of the Minerva, and so many other pious and nnoffending priests publicly murdered at Rome under the auspices of the Roman Triumuvirs? Are you aware of the murders of priests and others, perpetrated at the same period in other places, by men who are nowpolitical refugees? Areyom aware that when Gallenga swent to Turin to assssinate the late King be d.id so with the cognizance of Mazzinl? Maz. zini admits it in his letter, published at Turin in the I)alirr cePopolo, No. 294,295; and now Mazzini and other refugees are condemned by a French court as implicated in an attempt to murder the Emperor. Do you remember the case of Fochini who very nearly assassinated three ltalian refugees because they were not so wicked as himself ? The London polico were completely baffled, as they always are in cases of a political character. Conspiracies are going on in this very city, and the authorities in Scotland-yard do not even attempt to obtain information to protect the lives of continental princes, threatened by these people. If you considcall these factb, you will see that the observations of Cardinal Wiseman were not unfounded. No one feels more strongly than the Cardinal for our countrymen and countrywomen so barbarously tortured in India. But it is one thing to feed as a Briton should, and another to restrict aU your feelings and all your sympathies within the limits of your owux nation. Charity begins at home, but it should not end there. For my own part, I shall give my humble support In Parliament to the most vigorous measures that the Government can adopt to put down and punish the execrable nutiny in India. We must have no sentimentality nor mistaken philanthropy, but stern rnd terrible justic. I concur with what I read lately in one of your lesding articles, that an awful example should be made of Delhi, that not one stone of that city should be left upon another. The plotLgh should pass over the ground on which Delhi now stands. When the demands of justice have been fully satisfied the time wiU come for the wisdom of Parliament to devise measures calculated to prevent the recurrence of the late dreadful crimes and calamities in India. And in the meanwhile I trust that we shaU all be ready to bear cheerfully whatever burdens the present emergency may cast upon us, in accordance with our duty to our Sovereign and our country. I beg the favour of the publication of this letter, and remain. Sir, vour obedient servant. GEORGE BOWYERL The Temple, Sept. 14.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the letter from my brother, the chaplain at Lucknow, which you were kind enough to insert iu your paper of the 11th inst., there is a misprint in two pla which, as it occurs in tho name of one of those in the R3si. denoy, it would be weU to correct. It is printed,-" The Beideency contains the Chief Commissloners house, Mr. Gubbinns', Mr. Ommannoy's 'Foyne's,"' &o. Instead of "Uoyne's" it slboald lhe "Dr. Fayrer's." He wvts, I believe, the surgeon of one of the native regiments which revolted, and was said, in the last homeward mall, to have been murdered at the satne time with Captain Fletcher Hayes and others. My brother has often spoken of hlm in tho highest terms. I am. Sir. your o'bcdient servant. THOMAS S. POLEHAMrTON, Uurate of Roes. Rose, Sept, 12.
A1-ECDOTE OF THE ELrmEIo TE=RGAPEL- thfnk the most curious fact, taken altogether, that I ever heard of the electic tdegraph was told me by a cashier oe the Bank of England. "Once upon a time, then, on a eertain Saturday night, the folks at the Bank coud not make the balAnoc ome right by jvst 1001. This is a sers matter in thxt little egtablishment: I do not mean the cash, hut the mistake in taitametic; for it ooaons a vorSd of smrutny. An aror in balAncing hba beon known, I am told, to keep a delegation of clerks from each ofce at work sometimes through the whole night. A hue and cry was of ocurse made after this 1001, as if the old lady in Thread. needle-street would be in the Ga:ztie for want of it. Luckily on the Sunday morning a clerk (in the middle of the sermon, I dare ay, if the truth were known) felt a suspicionx of the trzth dart through his mind quioker than any filsh of the telegraph itself. He told the chief cshier on Monday morning that perps the mistake mitbt have ocurred in aldnig asome of specie for the West Indice, wrhich had been sent to Southampton for shipment. The 9etion was immediately acted upon. Here was a raoo--ht. ning against am I and steam with 48 hours' start given. Insntly the wis asked 'w hether such a vessl had left tbe harouar.' 'Just weighing anchor,' was the answer. 'Stop her,' frantically shouted the electric tlegraph. It Ws& done. ' Have up on deck oertain boxes marked so and so; weigh thom carefully.' They wero weighed ; and one-the delinquent-was found heavier by just one pket of a hundred o ereigns than it ought to be. ' Let her go,' said the mysterious telegraph. The West India folks were dobited with just 1001. more, and the error wa corroctod without ever looking into the boxes or delaying the voya"e by an hour. Now thst is what may be oalled ' doing bus, noss."'-Lctcrs of RE . H. Grc,ison,
TBR BYAN.GEBLIrAL |ONFBRENCE AT BBRLIN.I (rRom OUR OWN 00 ThpAv;Pt-!'i BERLIN, SEPr. 12. Last Wednesday evening the Evangelical Conferences, or the meetings of Protestants from all countries, were opened in this city in the Garnison Kirche, & building capable of accommodating 4,000 persons, well lit up for this occasion, and provided with an ample carpeted platform, easy of access to the members. The number of persons who have iuscribed themselves as members of these Conferences-that is to say, who either take active part or sympathize or in any way co-operate towarcds the object in view-amounts to 1,400; this is exclusive of all those who have flocked hither merely to figure as audiences. The arrangements that have been made have as yet furnished me with no matter for unfavourable comment; the office opened for the members of the Conferences in the Intre4iux of the House of Deputies supplies every information ; as to hotel or lodging accommodation, the latter is in many cases furnished gratuitously, and nothing is left undone to facilitate the whole aflhir to strangers. The tickets of admission for members are so ingeniously contrived as to contain on the various sides of a folded map of the town of Berlin all the necessary information as to the subject-matter of every day's Conference, the names of the speakers, preachers, and religious institutions of the city, and an indication where the members can best meet for refreshment and mutual intercourse. The long and heavily-laden railway trains during the early days of this week proclaimed how numerous the intended visitors were; the German that one hears talked in the streets near the Garnison Kirche, each word planted slowly and painfully, like ill-fitted stones in a coarse mosaic, tells how large a proportion of them consists of foreigners, -while our own countrymen shine out, as usual, in that wonderful lingual production .they caU French, for which we seem to have an exclusive right of infliction, but which right is most liberally and successfully infringed on, like most of our patents, by our Transatlantic cousins. The first meeting on Wednesday evening was opened by the Dom Chor singing the 100th Psalm; and as this and all the other psalmody introduced into the meeting is printed with the music and anl English and French translation of the text, it can be easily conceived what an effect this appropriate choir produced. The exercises of the evening consisted solely of reading portions of Holy Scripture and offering prayer in German, French, and English. Of the eloquent and fervent prayer put up by Pastor KiEntzel, from Elberfeld, our countrymen who could follow him summed up their full admiration by the exclamation, " He prays like Spurgeon." Like those of M. Fisoh from Paris, and of the Rev. Baptist Noel, who followed, each reading a chapter from the Bible in his own tongue, these prayers implored God's blessing on the object of the neetings-viz,, the spread of brotherly love among all Protestanta, the mnvigoration of the churches of the Protestant faith, and the extension of its truth over the whole world, together with a blessing on the King and his family, and on the people and capital of Prussia. The Hon. and Rev. Baptist Noel also included in his prayer our suffering fellow-countrymen in India, and certainly nowhere else out of Great Britain and her dependencies can this prayer find such warm sympathy for the sufferers, or such deep execrations of the heathen miscreants that have so barbarously maltreated women and children and unarmed prisonera. After further singing and a closing blessing, the meeting separated, deeply impressed with this opening act. The first Conference was opened on Thursday by prayer, the reading of a portion of Scripture, and by singing a hymn; and thea the Rev. Mr. Krunimacher, well known to the religious world in England, delivered an address of welcome, as full of warm feeling that touched the heart as it was distinguished for plain good sense that recommerded it to the head. He hailed that day as the dawn of confessioival union within the Protestant Church, as a scene never yet witnessed on German soil, as a weakening of all the factitious ramparts of exclision that have hitherto kept asunder men whose hearts were at bottom one in Christ. After cursorily alluding to the opposition that had been exhibited against these Conferences and the Evangelical Alliance, and the victory which a better knowledge of their nature had gained over the misrepresentations of their opponents, he pointed out the fresh objections that had been started at the eleventh hour as an incen- I tive to the meeting to keep constantly in view the I practical object of their coming together-viz,, the diffusion of fraternal love among Christians and the recognition that Christ is all in all. A sketch of this speech was then, for the benefit of the British and Americans, commrnicated in English by a clergyman from Scotland. Herr von Bethmaxn Hollweg, who is about to preside at the Kirchentag to be held in Stuttgard next week, invited his hearers to attend i;, while striving to show that though diflerences of conviction necessarily called for distinctions and restrictions, such as the Evangelical Alliance even had found it necessary to impose upon itself, neither of them necessitated divisions and heartburnings, and he prayed that all might become one flock under Christ its shepherd. After a pause for refreshments the representative3 of various distant bodies of religionists came forward to greet the meeting. The Reformed Church in Elberfeld (Calvinistic) was the first. The new American Minister just lately accredited to this Court, Mr. Wright, testified to his own warm adherence to the principles of the Evangelical AlUiance, which he characterized by "Our Christ, our Lord, our Bible." Bishop Simpson, from the Episcopalian Wesleyans of the lUnited States, offered the salutations of his connexion, and expressed their ardenu desire that all Christians might become of one heart and one soul. Dr. Baird, an American Presbyterian, presented an address of greeting from his co-religionists with nuimberless signatures attached, and appealed to that as well as to the number of Americans present and about to arrive as an evidence of the sympathy felt for this movement in the t'nited States. A Protestant clergyman from Hiungary bewailed that his co-reiigionists at home could onily accompauy this morement with secret sympa.thy and stealthy sighs, and as the guiding axiom which he deliohted to recoguize as iufluencing the meeting he aesignated that apothegm of St. Augustine-." In necessariis unitas, in dubiis libertas, in omnibus caritas." Sir Culling Eardley then pronounced his thorough concurrence in all that had been put forward by HofPrediger Kruninmacher; he bewailed the doctrinal differences that existed between Germany and EDgland, and felt confident that his countrymen would not be wanting in endeavours to promote unity between them. In the name of our common Saviour he accepted and returned the hearty greeting that had been extended to his countrymen, not only by the clergy, but also by the laity; but to one name in particular he desired to express the deep gratitude they all owed, to the King of Prussia, who, in the face of great difficulties and much opposition, had remained true to his original convictions, and thus successfully carried out the grand idea of which he was the originatorviz., a meeting in B3erlin of Protestant Christians from all countries. Mr. Smyth, the Secretary of the lndepeu dent Denomination,floe,an made some bappy allusions tfollowed, and - - to ~~~~the aDDroach- ing union of the two Royal Fam?lies of Great Britain and Prussia, which, like Sir Culling's tribute to the King of Prussia, produced a visible sensation of gratification among the numbers assembled. A gentleman from Scot- land and a German clergyman from Australia followed the above, and the whole series of greetings was closed by a French Reformed minister, Grandpierre, who, in addition to the current topics of the day and occasion, alluded feelingly to the hospitable reception that his countrymen and coreligionists had met with in Prussia at the time of the revocation of the Edict of Nantes. The meeting came to a close not from all the deputations having said their say, but from the time being exhausted. The evening meeting of that same day.; was devoted to two discourse by a Prussian theologian, Dr. Jacobi, and Dr. Merle D'Aubign6, the Genevese historian of the Reformation, having for their subject " a comparison between these conferences of Protestant Christians of various Countries and the amsemblies of the early Christian church." To attempt a sketch of these could only be very unsatisfactory, even while engrossing too much of your space, and, as those particularly in- terested in these proceedings will have opportunities of reading the details in specifically religious periodicals, I can pass on cursorily to mention that the next morning meeting was devoted to dis- courses oil the "Unity, in spite of the diver- sity of Protestant Christians." These discourses were preceded by a short address from the Rev. MIr. Jenkinson, of Battersea, who read a letter from the Archbishop of Canterbury, deelining on the ground of official duties the invitation to attend these conferences, and the offer made himn by the local committee of a furnished house to be placed at his service for the terna of his stay here. It mav be mentioned that the writing of letters declining to take any active part in anything seems to be the peculiar form of participation which the dignitaries of our Episcopal established church seemn to have reserved for themselves, for, although an English Archbishop can convene a meeting of friends ot the Evangelical Alliance at an Archiepiscopal Palace and call upon Dissenters to put up prayer in his presence, and an Irish Bishop can invite a member of the alliance to come over to Ireland and enlighten his clergy on the subject of the alliance at his pastoral visitation, and even give that member of the alliance a seat within the altar rails for the better execution of his errand, still when they are invited to do sometbing in furtherance of the great aim and object "theyallwithone accordbeginto makeexcuse," and write beautiful letters to show ho w entirely they give their hearts while they refuse to lend a hand. The Baptists, on the other hand, whose zeal and prominence in the Evangelical Alliance had contributed greatly to make it distasteful to the Lutheran Church, have shown rare and praiseworthy selfdenial in keeping in the background and resigning all prominence to members of the church. It wasat this morning's (Friday's) conference that the King had signified his intention of being present, and he accordingly returned to Sans Souci from the maxweueres one day earlier than he would otherwise have done; but, as it eventually transpired, he was withheld by health considerations from making this supererogatory exertion. He, however, provided special trains for such of the members of the conferences as would come down and see him at Potsdam, and accordingly no less than 900 adventurous Protestants, of whom the English mustered over 250 and the Americans between 40 and 50, arrived in due course at the New Palace at Potsdam about 4 o'clock, where they found abundant refreshment and ample attendance awaiting them in the rococo saloons of that favourite abode of Frederick the Great. As the moment approached when the King was expected to appear, these 900 black coats and white cravats were marshaUed according to nationalities outside the Palace, so as to form the arc of a circle the chord of which was described by the external estrade on which the fairer and brighter-clad sex reposed in conscious superiority and advantage of position. The discussions carried on between the prominent members of the English portion of Anglo-Saxon Protestantism there present as to the fittest method of greetlng the King-whether an English "Hlip, hip, hurrah !" or " God save the Ring !" was the most appropriate expression of religious sympathy-had hardly closed when His Majesty came out on the estrade, accompanied by the Queen and followed by ladies in waiting, chamberlains, and adjutants. The resolutions and regulations were all forgotten, aad "HcdL !" and " Hurrah !" " Es lebe der Kdnig I' and "IEljen r' and "God save the King!" burst out on all sides just as men's hearts at the moment gave tone to their tongues. As soon as these polyglot salutations had subsided the secretary of the Prussian branch of the Evangelical Alliance presented to the King the thanks of that body for his original idea of convening these conferences and for the constant furtherance and assistance he had extended to the execution of their plans, which had resulted in the numerous assembly he saw now before him. His Majesty had witnessed many a field-day and commanded many an army, but he had never reviewed such a force as that now before him, in which the troops were all volunteers and came from different lands. They did not war with the arm of the flesh, but their loins were girt about with truth, they bore the helmet of salvation and the shield of faith, and wielded the sword of the Spirit, &c. The King answered that he was at a loss for words ; that he knew not how to express hisgratiflod astonishment; he had had noexpectation that his hopes and wishes could have received sueh ample fulfilment. He congratulated them aU on the auspicious commencement that had been made, and trusted that God would finish the good work of conciliation and concord that was evidently commenced among them, &c. He then passed on to the Americans, the most westernly group, assisted by Chevalier Bunsen, who has never ceased to remain in constant and most intimate correspondence with the King since his recaU from London, and at his most pressing invitation has come up to Berlin for the first time since then to be present at these conferences. On the part of the Americans, Mr. Wright, their diplomatic representative, expressed to the Kino, the pleasure he had in presenting to him the little band of his countrymen who had come so far across the Atlantic to testify their sympathy in the present great movement, and their ardent desire to see other Christians enjoying the same amount of Christian liberty as they themselves enjoyed at home. To which the King replied in a few kind words, addressed to the Minister himself, and then had the most prominent members Introduced to him. No sooner haR the King finished with the American group, and Slir Culling Eardley been caUled for presentation to the King as the spokesman of the English phalanx, than our countrymen, with that vulgar propensity to mob Royalty which we betray both at home and abroad, all deserted the place assigned them in the proceedings, and, flockingafter Sir Culling, enclosed the group of King, chamberlains, adjutants, and guests in one dense, hot mass, like a cluster of bees. The Queen, who was looking on from the estrade, and from whose recollection the events of 1848 seem not yet effaced (it was at just such a peaceful and joyous meeting as this that the so-called Revolution broke out), gave evident signs of apprehension, which, however, diminished graduaUy as she saw that nothing worse came of it. Sir Culling Eardley thanked the King for the opportunity thus offered them of meeting together in his dominions, and alluded to the bends already existing betwc sn the two nations,-common origin, common faith, and that furtlher bond about to be added by marriage. Thanking the King again for his many personal exertions in furtherance of the causo, he proceeded to introduce the Hon. Baptist Noel, Sir Edward North Buxton, Mr. Iinch, the treasurer of the alliance; the Rev. Dr. Steanes, hon. secretary of the Evangelical Alliance, and secretary of the Baptist Union; aiLd the Rev. George Smytlie, secretary of the Congregational Union. The King answered, in English, by diselaiming any of the merit attributed of having done much for the alliance, but it had his hearty sympathy, and he rejoiced to believe that in the two days that had elapsed God's blessing had rested on the meeting. He thanked the English gentlemen very much for the interest they expressed with regard to the approaching marriage. From the English station the King passed on eastwards to the French group, French Switzerland, German Switzerland, Holland, Bohemia, Hungary, Southern, Central, and Eastern Prussia, terminatiDg with the deputies from the Russian provinces on the Baltic, in all cases receiving the thanks and the aspirations of each nationality, and such expressions of personal respect as the feelings of each respectve sDokesman dictated. In the short replies w-hich the king delivered in English, French, and German he made no attempt at oratorical display, but spoke simply and unaffectedly and most kindly to every one he recognized. On his return to the Palace the whole assembly cheered both the King and Queen repeatedly and continuously in multi. farious forms and manners, and immediately nfterwards broke up in all haste to enter the trains, which were waiting not far off.
Tuf Pxs oF AusTA.Lu.-The total number of hw7apers now iMued in the Australian coloniee amounts to SL ictoria has six daily and 38 weekly and bi-weekly; New Sourth Wales two daily and 15 weekly and bi-weeldy; Tasmania five daily and three weekly and ti-weekly ; South Australia two daily and tree vweekly; and ia Westera Astralia there are four weekly journals.-AstraRan and Newa Zealand Gazett. Ah- ExTRAORDwxARy ArFAI.-A roward has been offered under the following ciroumstances:-On Tuesday, the Ist inst., a small box, covered inth brown paper, and directed to Mr. Bennett, surgeon, the Souare, Wilton, was delivered to Ms Ware? the Wilton caxnier, near the Shoulder of Matton Inn, Salisbury, by a boy about 14 years of age, dressed in a short jacket, trouser3, and cap. L' the boy who delivered the box to Mrs. Ware will come forward and prove the same, and give information as to the party wvho entrusted it to his care, he is offered a reward of . together with all reasonable travel1ing expenses; and a fui ther siim of IOl. is offered to him or any other person wbo shall lead to the conviction of the offender, the box having contained a machine so constrcted as to explode on the raising of the lid, and intended to destroy 1a. Bennett's liUe.-Hnmps8hkT 2elegraqph.
THE PURCHASB SYSTEM IN THE ARMY. The disasters which befel our troops during tha late war in the Crimen gave irresistible force to the numerous objections that had previously been urgel1 against the existing syatem of obtaining commissions and proreotion in the army, though up to that time the arguments and remonstrances of military reformers had been attended with little or no effect. Now, however, the popular dissatisfaction became so strong that the Minister could no longer afford to disregard the feeling of the country, as expressed in the columns of the public journals and echoed by valious influential members of both Houses of Parliament. Lord Palmerston therefore consented to issue a Royal commission to investigate and report upon the whole subject. The persons selected to discharge that important duty were the Duke of Somerset, Lord Stanley, Mr. Sidney Herbert, Mr. Edward Elice, Lieutenant-General Wynyard, Sir De Lacy Evans, Sir Harry D. Jones, Sir H. J. W. Bentinck, Mr. G. Carr Glyn, and Colonel E. R. Wetherall. They were directed to inquire into the mode in which first commissions in the army are obtained, and the regulations which govern the promotion and retirement of officers, with the view of ascertaining whether the purchase system has been beneficial or otherwise to the interests and character of the army generally, and what changes, if any, it might be expedient to ia- 'duce. The commisioners began their labours, ider the presidency of the Duke of Somerset, on the 26th of May, 1856, examined 30 witnesses, and cencluded the investigation on the 18th of June ia the present year. Shortly afterwards they presented their report to Her Majesty. That document has been already published in The Tims, and must now be familiar to all who take an inaterest in the imrortant subject to which it relates. We have now before us a copy of the oral and documentary evidence upon which the Report of the Commisdoners is based, and which fills a folio blue-book of more than an inch in thickness. A volume of such dimensions has little chance of being read by any considerable portion of the general public or probably even by many within the ranks of the army itself. Nevertheless, its contents are so interesting and important-they refer to matters so deeply affecting the constitution of our military system-they record the settled opinions and convictions of so many distinguished authorities-and are so certain to form the basis of much future discussion upon the state and organization of the army that it is most desirable they should.be known to the country at large. We propose, therefore, to give a digest of the evidence of the different witnesses upon all the salient poiats embraced by the inquiry, prefacing it by a short sketeh of the origin and history of the purchase system and the mode in which at the present day a young man enters and makes his way in the British army. It may be proper to state at the outset, that the purchase system is confined to only a portion of the army. It has never been introduced into the Artillery and Engineer. 'Until within the last two years admision to these corps was obtained through the Military Academy at Woolwich, and the Master-General of the Ordnance had the exclusive privilege of nominating to that institution. In 1855 the military branch of the Ordnance was transferred to the Commander-in-Chief, anl the civil branch, including the Woolwich academy, to the Secretary for War. Lord Panmure then introduced the system of givino first commisions in the Artillery and Engineers to the successful candidates in a competitive examination, whether they had passed any time in a military academy or not. HRe told the Commnissioners that he anticipates the abolition of the Woolwich Academy altogether, thinking it better to take candidates from the general schoolsthroughont the country, examine them competitively, and then give the best of them provisional commissions for a year, on the understanding that if theypassed the period of probation to the satisfaction of the officers intrusted with their education and training their appointments should be made permanent. When Lord Panmure was examined the new system had been in operation for a twelvemonth only, but it had been attended with " very great success," and promised to introduce into the scientific corps a class of officers "by no means inferior to those who have preceded then." On the other hand, the Duke of Cambridge thought the system had been sO short a time in existence fhat nobody could pretend to give any decided opinion upon it, although he had "reason to know" that the feeling among experienced officers was that it would not work so satisfactorily as the system which it has superseded. His Roya Highness further stated that the whole system of military education being now under consideration, it Is probable that the mode of entry into the army generaJly will be the subject of some modification. At present, however, first commiissions in the Artillery and Engineers are the reward of merit and ability, ascertained by means of a co petitive examination, and subsequent promotion in theie corps is strictly governed by seniority, as in the case of the Indian army. The purchase system which exists in all the other branches of the service is coeval with the establishment of a standing army in England. Atfirst, indeed, it had a more extensive application than in the present day, for of the military guard created at the Restoration to protect the person of the Kiing the privates as well as the officers were permitted to sell their appointments upon their retirement from the service, while the highest military posts were bought and sold as freely and openly as the most common articles of merchandise. But at that period every office of emolument under the Crown, both civil and military, was made the subject of traffic. The situation of Secretary of State, as we learn from the Memoirs of Sir William Temple, was estimated as worth 5,0001., and there was a regalar tariff of prices for places in every dep artment of the titate. It Is not surprising, therefore, that a system which prevailed in the public service generally should be introduced into the army, especially when we remember that Charles was obliged to pay the troops out of his own revenue, which he found so little adequate to supply his wants that he did not hesitate to supplement it by the most mean and dishonourable practices. The Revolution brought about a new state of things. William entirely prohibited the sale of commissions, and by the Mutiny Act of 1694 every officer was required to make oath that he had not given, or promised to give, any money or reward for bis commission. This oath remained in force till 17 01, but was omitted in the Mutiny Act of that year, and in 1711 an order was issued to the effect that no commissions should be sold without the Royal approbation under the sign manual. A board of General officers was appointed by George I. to consider what price should for the future be paid for commissions, and the result was the promulgation by Royal authority of a series of regulations in 1719, whieh with some alterations and modifications introduced at various times governed the purchase and sale of commissions for upwards of a century. In 1821, however, a second board of General officers was instructed to consider the subject, and in accordance with its recommendations a new set of regulations were substituited in the same year for those of 1719. No further revision has taken place since then, so th-at the price of commissione in the army is at present governed, at all events nominlUy, by the regulations of 1821. Appended to the report of the Commissioners there are many interesting details which illustrate the history of the purchase system. For example, we find an elaborate table issued from the War-office in 1822, and signed " Palmerston," showing the various alterations made in the regulation price of conmissionsfrom 1719 to 1821 inclusive, and also the rates of difference between full and half pay. This is followed by copies of the authorities by which sums of money WQre first charged for commissions, and of all orders altering the amounts, the whole forming a full, clear, and connectedl narrative of events in relation to the mauner in which our armny has been officered from the Restoration downw,ards. But it would be a mistake to suppose that no more than the regulation price i given for cotamissions. At one time, as Sir Charles Yorke infotmed the Commissioners, there was a declaration exacted from officers that they had not taken or Ipaid more than the regulation price; but it was continually evaded, and has long been discontinued. The'statute book contains an Act of Parliament rendering the giving or the reception of excessive sums a misdemeanour, but it is of no more value or efficacy than a piece of waste paper, nobody ever dreaming of putting it in force. The consequence is that, with the exception of first commissions, of which, it seems, the regulation price is never exceeded, military appointments in time of peace have become very expensive luxuries, procurable only by the wealthy classes of society. Mr. Hammersley, the wellknown army agent, assured the Cora- missioners that in the cavalry anything under double the regulation price is considered very rearonable. The regulaation price of the commission of a lieutenant-colonel is 6,1751., but the actual price is 14,0001. Of a company in the Guards the regulation price is 4,8001., but 9,0001. is commonly given i two of the regiments and 8,2001. in the other. The condition of things is not much better in the Line. The tegulation price of the lieatenant-colonelcy of a regiment of infantry is 4,5001., and of a captaincy 1,8001., but the sum generally received is in the one case 7,0001. and in the other 2,4001. The difference between the regulation and the actual price is as great in the case of all other commissions which are purchasable. All the witnesses examined before the comnimisoners united in deploring the extent of the evil; but not one could suggest a remedy consistent with the maintenance of the purchase-system. Lord Panmure was closely pressed upon this point; but, though he expressed the opinion that it would be highly desirable to prevent the payment of excessive prices for promotion-which he said, indeed, was the only way in which the purchase system could be improved-he declared himself unable to suggest any practicable mode of accomplishing that object. Mr. Hammersley was asked whether, seeing that the regulation prices were not adhered to, he did not think it would be better to have no fixed prices at all, but to allow officers to pay any sums they pleased. He replied that he thought the regulation prices ought to be continued, because there are cases in which officers are only allowed to receive the regulation prices, as, for example, when they are compelled to sell out and are not m a condition to make terms. The conclusion, therefore, at which the Commissioners arrived was that the practice of paying sums exceeding the regulation price is an incident of the )purchase-systera which it is impossible to prevent. The materials for our description of the present mode of entering the army and the rules which regulate promotion and retirement are derived priacipally from the evidence of the Duke of Cambridge, Sir Charles Yorke, and Mr. Haramersley. It appears, t'ien, that wlien a young man wishes to join tne array he writes to the Commander-in-Chief or to hii military secretary. Among the many peculiar privileges enjoyed by the Colonels of the Guards and Household Cavalry is that of granting the first commissions in their respective regiments; but in all other cases application must be made to the Horse Guards. The Commander-in.-Chief authorizes such an Inquiry as he may think fit to be made into the charcter and circumstances of the applicant, and if he is satisfied with the result the name is entered in a book for a commission with or wiThout purchase, according to the nature of the application. The candidate is next fturnished with a list of the subjects on which he is to prepare for an examination, and as soon as he reports himself ready to undergo that ordeal he is sent to Sandhurst, and is there subjected to an examination established in 1849. In the pressure for officers during the late war, if a gentleman had pawed his examination at Cambridge-or, we presume, though it is not so stated in the evidence, at Oxford-he was not required to pass the Sandhurst examination, which is described by Sir Charles 'Yorke as a simple guarantee that the candidate has received the education of a gentleman. It sometimes happens, but not often, that a candidate is rejected at the examination. He is allowed two trials. If he fails in the first he is examine1 again, after the lapse of a certain time, upon those poxticular points in which hie was deficient, and in nearly every case he succeeds in the second trial. There is also a surgical examination at Sandhurst, but it rarely occurs-not more than once or twice in a year-that a candidate is rejected in consequence of his not being considered constitutionally strong enough for the service. Supposing our young friend to have passed triumphantly through both the educational and the medical examination, he is then declared eligible for a commission, and his name is entered in its proper place in a list kept for that purpose. If he has applied to purchase he may be appointed to the first vacancy which occurs from a retirement by sale; but if his application has been for a commission without purchase he must wait until a vacancy shaU have been created by death, when his claims wiUl be considered along with those of other candidates. Sir Charles Yorke was asked whether the names of candidates who have applied to purchase are taken in regular course as they stand upon the list, or whether there is a preference shown; to which he replied that the general rule is to take them as they appear on the list. Exceptions are sometimes made, as when a candidate has applied for a commission in a particular regiment and a vacancy occurs in that regiment, although a preference for particular regiments more often delays the appointment than accelerates it. We shali now suppose our young officer to have obtained his commission and to have entered upon that career in which he hopes to rival the deeds and reap the rewards of a Wellington or a Napier. If he has procured his ensigncy or cornetcy without purchase, and he continues as poor as ever he was, his chances of rising in the regiment are slight indeed, for promotion can only be obtained without purchase when vacancies occur from casualties or when augmentations are made. In a time of peace, therefore, he must wait a long time for " the next step ;" but the moment war is declared his prospects improve, and, should the swords and bullets of the enemy prove but moderately fatal among his seniors, he may in a few years hold a very respectable rank in his regiment. Supposing, however, that he is both able and willing to purchase promotion, he has no occasion to feel so horrible an interest in the death of his brother officers. The rule of promotion by purcbase, as stated by Sir Charles Yorke, is that when a vacancy occunrs in the higher ranks of a regiment, from the retirement of an officer by sale, every officer has a claim-it is not described as a )ight-to purchase the next rank in the regiment, provided that no objection is made by the commanding officer of the regiment or by the Commander-in-Chief. An officer, however, before he is entitled to promotion must have served a certain time, and he is not allowed to purchase over another officer in the same regiment who is prepared to purchase also. The Commander-inChief has the power to recommend any officer he thinks proper to the Queen for promotion out of his own regiment, but in point of fact he seldom does so, and he never, without some particular reason, permits an officer to purchase a commission in another regiment when there is an officer senior to him in that regiment who is ready to purchase the step. Unqualified officers are not allowed to purchase promotion; or, to use the words of Sir Charles Yorke, "an officer would not be allowed to obtain promotion by purchase who would not be permitted to obtain it without; he must be recommended by the commanding officer as fit for the step, and pass an examination in the lower ranks." Periodical returns are made from every regiment to the Horse Guards, showing the names of the officers of each rank who are desirous of purchasing advancement, and these returns are ' accompanied by a statement from the commanding officer as to whether the parties are fit and qualified for promotion. The examination referred to by Sir Charles Yorke-and which, as we understand him, an officer must undergo at each successive step until he reaches the rank of a field officer-he admits to be rather formal, merely implying that the candidate has a know'ledge of the Articles of War; and, in the case of an applicant for a captaincy, that he knows how to manage a company, both in the field and with respect to its interior economy. Very few instances have occurred in which a commanding officer has reported that any particular officer was unfit for promotion; but the military secretary mentioned the case of an ensign who, not being considered qualified, was passed orer by a junior officer. Warned by that lesson, he applied himself diligently to learn something of his profession, and pursued his studies with such success-they could not, after all, have been very severe-that he afterwards passed the examination, and was allowed to get the next step. Without, therefore, any grert tax upon his mental faculties our young ensign or cornet may, with the aid of a heavy purse, gradually purchase his way up to the rank of LieuteaantColonel, beyond which he must trust to ability, fortune, or patronage for further advancement. Let us assume, however, that when he has reached the position of Lieutenant-Colonel, or before he has attained to that dignity, he gets tired of the service, and wishes to retire. In that case he makes an application through his commanding officer to the Commander-in-Chief for permission to retire by the sale of his commission. The Commander-in-Chief Inquires, in the first place, whether he hao purchased his comamission, and in the next whether his conduct has b1en that of an officer and a gentleman. If he has purchase4ii g oommission and has been guilty of no misconduct7 the Commander-in-Chief accedes to the application and the sale is completed. But if be has no. purchased his commission the power to sell will depend very much upon the length of his service. A nield-officer after he has served 20 years is entitled to the fuU price of his coulmission, and for a shorter term the rule is to allow an officer to receive 1001. for each year of service, in addition to the sum paid for any step wbich he may have purchased. Under three years service, bowever, this permission would not be granted, and Sir Charles Yorke informed the Commissioner that wbere the service has been for a less period than 20 years no officer can receive more than the regulation price of his commission. An officer in ill health is not permit-ed to sell out in immediate anticipation of his decease. If he dies in the servicethe value of his commission is, of course, lost to his family; but this rale has been modified by ; recent warrant, which authorizes the repayment to an officer's represents,; tive of the regulation price of his commission, provided he has been kiUed in action, or has died of wounds, received in face of the enemy, within six months after being wounded. In the case of an officer who bas risen from the ranks two years' service in the ranL-s count as one in commission, and he is permitted to sell his commisaion upon these terms. It must be understood that the permission given to an officer who has not purchased his commission to seU it depends upon the discretion of the Commander-in-Chief and the Secretary' for War, and is not governed by any fixed regulations Such, then, is a brief account of the mode of admission, promotion, and retirement in the British army. It will, we hope, enable our readers to understand and appreciate the arguments of the different witnesses for and against the purchase-system more thoroughly than some of them at least might otherwise be able to do. It may not be out of place here to state a few facts relative to the number of commissions which the Commander-in-Chief can give away without purchase arnuaUy and the manner in which tbey are generally disposed of. Appointments without purchase only arise from tho casualties of the service, for an officer seldom resigns his commission except by sale, preferring to retain it until he is entitled to receive some part of its value. The consequence is that in time of peace, according to Sir Charles Yorke, comparatively few commissions, if any at all, can be given without purchase. At the date of his first examination-the 26th of May, 1856-he said that, owing to the large reductions then in contemplation and the num ber of Militia officers remaining to be provided for, the authorities at the Horse Guards had declined to entertain any applications for commissions except by purchase. A certain number of commissions-in the years 185t-5 they amounted to 50 -are annually reserved without purchase for the cadets at Sandhurst who have passed an examination which, although not competitive, is of a higher character than the one required of candidates generally, and who obtain their appointments before thoce who are on the list of the Commander-inChief. Nor ought it to be forgotten tnat, as stated by Sir Charles Yorke, a Committee of the House of Commons has reported in favour of increasing the means of education at Sandhurst, and that the number of candidates must increase with the enlargement of the establishment. The Duke of Cambridge apprehends, indeed, that the effect of a prolonged peace would be so to diminish the number of commissions at his disposal as, unless with good management, seriously to affect the interests of the young scholars at Sandhurst, rendering it difficult to procure places for them. The number of available commissions without purchase is still further lessened in time of peacse by the practice which then prevails of supplying vacancies created by death with officers from the half-pay list. We see from a return furnished by Sir Charles Yorke and appended to the report of the Commissioners tbat the number of vacancies arising from death and retirement3 in the two years immediately preseding the outbreak of the late Crimean war was in 1851 107, and in 1852 100. During the war those numbers were, of course, greatly exceeded; but it may be assumed that in time of peace vacancies created by death and retirement do not average more than 100 per annum. Of theseless than a half aro unpurchasable. Now, Sir Charles Yorke stated that the average number of c %ndidates from Sandhurst at present is 26 a-year, but if that establishment is enlarged in accordance with the recommendation of the Parliamentary Committee the number of candidates with preference claims will be proportionately increased. Besides it has besn proposed CO give first commissions during peace to the orphans of officers, without any discretion |on the part of the Commander-in-Chief, so that his power to bestow appointments without purchase upon general applicants seems likely to fall into desuetude. (To be oontinued.)
THE NEW INDIrA AMrA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The history of India up to the present time has shown us that the native army, in conjunction with English troops and under certain Circunastances, long sufficed for the purposes of internal peace and external oonquest, and that in the absence of an adequate number of European regiments the Bengal army has lately been tempted and enabled to mutiny. It now appears self-evident that Brahmins and Highland Muassalmans must not be enlisted in future, and that all such remaining in other regiments in India should be got rid of as soon as possible. Moreover, It seems clearly proved that when the mutineers, their accomplices, abettors, and well-wishers, shaU have suffered the just penalties of their awful fiendful crimes and their oountry made to pay the expense, a new native army must be organized of low oaste men and foreigners, kept constantly under the eyes of an European force strong enough to subdue any mutinous spirit. This being agreed upon, I would propose to attach a company, or companies, of Europeaus to every native regiment, in the proportion o' 100 Europeans to 500 Asiaties, and subject to the immcdiate discipllne of their own Earopean officers, placed for the time being under the orders of the commanding officer of the particular native regiment to which the Europeans might be attached, and with which they would parade and be maucvuvred, march, and go into action. They might be armed with weapons superior to those of the Sepoys,-that is, better made, and therefore more efficient and expensive ones than economy allowed for the whole army. For many reasons these European companies shouli not permanently belong to the native regiments to which they were attached; and no commanding officer of a particular line regiment would like to have it broken up into detachments; neither is it desirable. I would consequently sug. gest that a corps constituted somewhat similar to the Royal Marines be raised for each Presidency. From this corps companies might be told off for different native regiments, with which they could remain as long as fouand convenient and expedient, before they were relieved by fresh companies. Barracks for ono or more companies of Europe=s might be built in evory cantonment, and whon, as at prasent under Bengal and Madras, the native troops wvere not intrasted with their arms off parade or duty, and at night, their muskets shonld be placed under the charge of the Europeans. In the Bombay army the praotice prevails of the Sepoys off duty'keeping their arms in their own huts in their regimental lines. The native Sepoys might take all the peculiar daties they were fit for during the heat of the day, and the Europeans be chietly on guard during the night and at the rnost important posts. These British soldiers would of course endeavour to maintaia their own proper esprit de cops without referenoo to the number of the native regiment to 4which they were temporarily attached, and would earn laurels for their own regimental colours, as well as assist in adding to the glories of the native regiments. This corps necessarily would be raised by the East India -Zompany, andmightbeunaied "theHonourableGaard." The eagd-quarters, never less than one battalion strong, of this corps should be stationed in some important fortress. Each native regiment should have its own proper complement of European commissioned officers, accustomed to look to their regiment and the general staff of the army only for fame and reward as long as they remained in the Company'aser-vice. They should not be led to look for civil or other extra regimental appointments. This system need not interfere with Queen's regiments being, as heretofore, located in India, and with their aid and European artillery it would entirely obviate the chanoes of Christian men, women, and children being hereafter subjected by heathens to the wide-world previously unheard-of insults and horrible torture which numbers of English ladies and gentlemen, officers and soldiers, together with poor helpless innocent infants, have lately suffered at 1he hands and mouths of Indian demons in human mirg&rd form. Ysur obedient servaut, HI, I. M. I nbriutn, t5ept. 13,
IRHLAXD. _ON (Izox ourR OWN o~oiRrwmNy.) DUBLIN, Mo_ND&yo Xora. _ TKE IRISH SEFOYS. The rabid outpourings of one or 'two Irish journals in the Sepoy interest have elicited a manly letter of repudiation from a 4au4v Catboic-gentleman of psition and influenti in the count of Wexford. In acomnunjiction addressed to one of the local papers Captain Eamonde WVhite, of Newlands Ferns, thu8 writes :-, I "I read in Your paper the exck cbsfrom the Nation and Dcmocrat relative to the Indian rautiny. Thank goodness, unlenas extmcts, they were not lhkely to meet 'any one's eye in this part of the country; and, thauks to Provi. dtuce, the sentiments there attributed to the Irish peopla are known in thig country to be uatteiy false. Bqae ma not such statements cause slight mistakes else*Are, and all we risk the chance that 'in any poorgon of the world even a few of our people shoald suffer under the Walse imputation of rejoicing in the horrors ao which ou,e courtrymeD and countrywomen in Indih have bc*ls s7b. jected-or that the demonlike acts of the Sepoys meet the approval of even one individual in Irelaed? We are 1hi' this country, in mxuy occasions, extremely suJoeptible aito the fact of the dt eds of our army and navy beinr mentioned as deeds of the English and riot the British army and navy, and we take every opportunityof poiiting oat ho*' freely Irish blood has been (and I trust ever will be) Poured out for the nation's safety and glory-and in thia We are right. But are we only toassert our elAims id pf perous times ? Would it not be fairer and wisernoito tr take our station by the side of England, and do it in a public JDanner ? There i a subscription on fcot for the sufferers; it is true we may all end our raites sDeLrately, and such might do vet: well under other cicunistauces but, as it iS, would It not be p;asihle and weU ts get up some public suboription, or it least asnnge tkat subscriptions should be sent to some one person, and tbh, alltogether forwsaded by the Lieutenant of the County the vey suaUet sum being conidered acteptable? And, on the whole being forwarded, let it be acoompaied by a public sttemont that the peopl or this oountry are prepared in every way toztnd si e by side with Englnd inuttingdownand punishing these miscrants. If thi could be done other oounties would take it up, and we should then not only have given tbe public lie to such statemnents a you extractod, but we should have the proud feeling that, as we were ready to perform the duties demanded of us by both loyalty and humanity in the day of misfortune, we sboald have an undoubted right to asert onr clims to the glory which will, as it ever haa, assuredly follow the British army on Indian soil; and never had that army a nohler cause, and never (in defhance of Nation and Dcmnocra4 ru sssert) had it more the universal prayer of Irelaud for its success. With aU her faults Ireland Is a gallant nationz aDd where is there a man with a human heart but must look with horror on the murderers of women and children, aud wish ardently for their punishment? I aum ;oing abroai with my childrcn for a few weeks; but, throwing out this hint (which I really do from downright iDdignation at the paragraphs you extracted), I feel confident there are people in this county more fitted than I am to carry it out, if it ba coDsidered right to do so." After all, these ebullitions of disgust, however creditable to the writer, are but wasting of ammunition. There are not two dozen persons in the island wbose sympathies are with Nena Sahib or the other monsters of the Indian mutiny. HZ ELSA'ST MUrT Y. Late on Friday night the Rev. AIr. Hanna relented of his purpose so far a5 to issue the following counter-mauifesto - " To THe PnOsTrAimrS oF BxmFAsr. "Iden annd Brethren,-On the last Sabbath you triumphantly asserted a great constitutional right. The highest legal authoritiesb ave affirmed it. You showed your resolution to maintain it. You appeared ten thouanud strong peacefully to ssert it. Ten times as many of you on the next Sabbath would, if nece4ssry, do the sme. " But it is unhappy to live in a state of continual wa'-. No* that we have shown our strength and determina; tion, might we not make a signal display of our charity? Several eminent ministers of the Presbyterian and other churches think so--men whom you all respect Since I last addresosd you T have been in communication with them on the subject, and I cm ree with them that ve should show to Roman Cathroics a spirit of concilatioD, and make every sacrifice to them but that of our rights. We challenge them not to war, but to pace, to good will, to charity. Let u see if we can live together without breaking each other's houses and heads. If they think our open-air preaching is a ' chaL lenge,' in accordance with the opinion to which I have referred I retire for a few Sabbaths. Let them not mistake us. We have no fear; and now that they see we will mainttan our rights we make to them what they should consider agraceful concession. Let peace and concord be restored. Let this fevered excitement be subdued. Let this burning ha te be extinguished. Let men on all sides who claim to be Cbristiaus prove themselves so, and let all good citizens aid the authorities in repressing rascality of every name. "Protestant brethren, abstin, then, from appearlng on the Sabbath in the former scenes of excitement. Do what you coa to restore peace. Your former practice of open-air servIces, when it is considered prudent, will be resumed. Should a bostilemob then molest you, they will still more plinly and more guiltily be in the rolUg. They will ba deprived of all excuse and of all sympathy, and as the Government is determincd they will be speedily crushed. .Sept.IL,' " HUGcn HA-N-A.. N evertheless another preacher, a IMr. Mateir, who had caused some disturbances on the Sunday previous to the great riots, persistea in setting the Hanna manifesto at defiance, and resolved to carry out his intention of holding forth at every risk. The correspondent of the Freemasn's Joirnal sends the foIlowing telegraphic message, dated Belfast, half-past 10 o'clock Sunday night:- " The earlier part of the day passed off quietly, owing to groat military and constablary displays. " TheRev. Mr. Mateirpersisted in carrying out his declared intention of preaching at every risk, and addressed very imited audiences durig the day. "'Theeconduct of the Catholics was admirable-all that could be desired by their trae friends. " The Orange party created a riot in Brovn-street in the evening, and after having discharged several volleys of stones were dispersod with fixed bayonets by Sub-inspector Armstrong "'The disorder and tumult, however, continued unti large reinforcements arrived, when the resident magistrate, Mr. Tracey, read the Riot Act, and told the mob that their conduct was disloyal and ruffianly, and that if they did not at once disperse he would order the men to fire " The lamps were all put out. More police have just arrived from Dublin." THE IRISH BANh RETURNS. The returns of the Irish banks for the four weeks ending the 29th of August showv a falling off in the circultion, as compared w;ith the preceding return, of 208,0001., which mak-es a total decrease, within four montl8, of very nearly 1,000,0001. The diminution on the month extends to all the banks, with the exception of the Ulster, which has increased its issues by 3,0001. In the coin held there is a decrease on the month of 20,0001. The banks in which there has been a diminution of specie are the Provincial and Northern Banks and the Bank of Ireland. In the Belfast, Ulster, aud National Banks there has been an increase. The following figures will show the position of the blnk-s in the aggregate now and at the same period of the five preceding years- if rom the foregoing returns it follows that the Irish banks ame now 129,6841. below their fixed issue, and taking into account the coin they hold, the amounat is 2,3,75,0991. below that allowed by law.
THE BRITISH GERIfAN LEGIOZ. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It appears that there is to be a considerable aug. mentation of the cavalry force. I think that in common justice the Coommander-in.Chief sbould Live employment to thoze English officers lately serving in the 1st and 2d Light Drogoons, British German Wegion, who were induced, some from patriotic motives, others from L4rd Westmorelndns assmrance that in the event of peace the Government would. " take care of tbem," which promise vrws afterwards repudiated, to throw up their commissions in the Austrian and Bavarian services and give to England their services in the hour of her need. Tbes men are all experienced cavlry officers. The Generals of cavalry who inspected the German regiments at Aldershott and Shorncliffe exp-essed their surprise at the efficiency which these regiments had attained In a very short titne, and the discipline of the regiments was notoriounly good in every way. DeFanlters were very rare; in fact, weeks frequently elapsed without one single case. Several of the offioers referrod to were captains and field officers in Ausaria, and have now, if they return to that service, to enter again in the lowest grade. Much has been said and umritten about the many advantcges these "foreign mercenaries" enjoyed, and the world at large little knows the cases of peculiar hardship under which some score of officers labour. Your obedient nrivant- AN EX CAVALRY OFFICER. m5ept UL
TEHE LATE MR. SuLiv.AN,.-Mr. SulivaLn wa a Pon of the Right Hon. Laurence Sulivan, brother-in-law of the Ptemier, and formerly for many years Deputy Secretary at War. He was appointed a clerk in the Foreign Office in 1832. and after going through a long coiurse ot diplomatic employment was appointed Charg6 d'Affaire8 and ConsulGenera int Chili in 1849, and transferred to Peru in 183- tAdvertisement.]-The Author of "1 It is Never Too Late to Mena-'-P. new work by tbts popular authas. tunder the title ot " SDOove ot True LOae neTer did Run SDmooth," is enumannoed to to publibod by Mr. Bentey of Noew Brlingtoj-etreec. iu b highlb opnular new series of two-ahilive publications. ThLq srlrited proiedA. tog wlt at Oneo plae the new book of this Cntlnly most poul ar novelht In tho hnuds of the public cenerally. No lP3; thin 45.oeo copiesbave been alreLdy soldby Yr. Bettley oi * ItisNeverToo Late to M ed,' abd little doubt can be entertaied htb. this bold meuere of at once ppealing to the crest body of thi public rith a new hool by to great a writer. wil nst evitht most extr6asoiiflr sulDics £ta. Boctley, Ntew BurUltout,etreo.
MONEY-MARKETandC1TY1 1 7'JALL4I N4CB. Monday Evening. Although the Indian intelligence was received by the public this morning with general satisfaction it failed to exercise any influence oa the funds. ConDols for raoney, which, after legular houirs on Saturday, were quoted at 90, opened at 90g to ~, and ranged between those points throu2hout the day the final prices being 90g to i for money and 90.1 to j for the 14th of October. The fact of a Bombay regiment having mutinied and of great alarm being prevalent at Ploonah, Sattara, and other points in the centre of that Presidency, were of course the chief causes of discouragement to the speculators, but the vigorotus and successful movemneuts which have relieved the an-xiety regarding Agra and Lucknow, the arrival of Sir Colia Campbell, and also of further reinforcements from MIauritius and elsewhere, and the circumstance of the great Ma. homedan festividl at the beginning of August having passed off quietly, seem much more than to counterbalance these evils, especially as the Bombay regiment in question was stationed in one of the most suspected districts, and the other places where fears have been excited have been known as hotbeds of disaffection and treachery. During the past fortnight the, expectation has been that if the next news should not be absolutely disastrous the funds would experience a rally on its arrival, since every dty during which we could but hold our own, so as to give time for the approach of the army sent from England, might under the circumstances be regarded as an actual gain. So far, however, from this expectation having been realized to-day, the market showed dulness, and a report was at one time spread that the India C,npauy had received an additional despatch announcing great losses before Delhi. It subsequently transpired that the statement received by them was that tbree sorties niade by the rebels on the 14th, 18th, and 23d of July had been repulsed at a cost to us of 500 men. The same despatch is also understood to state that, on the arrival of General Havelock, Bithoor (the stronghold of Nena Sahib) was found to have been evacuated; that our troops destroyed the place, and subse(luently fell in with the mutineers-10,000 strong, and defeated them, capturing 15 guns. India Stock closed at 210 to 213; India Bonds, 23s. to l1s. discount ; and Ex. che tuer-bills, 7s. to 3s. discount. Money in the Stock-Exchange to-day was in fair supply on Government securities at 5 per cent. In the discountnmarket and at the Bank there was a full but not an excessive demand. It appears that the Bombay letters may be expected about the middle of the day on Wedneeday. They have been brought to Marseilles by a French packet, and were to be despatched for London at 10 o'clock this evening. According to the date of the telegraphic message to-dlay from Alexandria the news seems to have been delayed at that port through the Government not having a steamer in readiness. The Bombay mail is stated to have reached Suez on the 4th o' September, hut the message was not sent from Alexandria till the 7th. The next intelligence from India may be expected in 10 days-namely, about Thursday, the 24th. The foreign stock-market has been quiet. The principal transactions were in Turkish, which closed at a slight decliie, owing to the prospect of a new loan. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 1011; ditto, 1829 and 1839, l00o ; Ecuador New Consolidated, 1:37; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., Small, '!'J; Spanish Deferred, 25D; ditto Passive, 6g Turkish Six per Cents., 9o5 4 i and 95 ; ditto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 995; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 999. rn tbe corn-market this morning there was an improvement of Is. uipon the rates of Monday last. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the I'aris Bourse this evening were 66f. 45c. for money, and GCf. 55c. for the end of the month, showing a further decline of a quarter per cent. About 63,() (i. of Russian gold was sold to the Bank to-day. The Star of Peace has arrived from Australia with 91,522 sovereigns, and the Sardinian with 4,965 ounces of gold, valued at 19,8601. The George :Marshall is also reported, but the gold by her is stated to amount to only 2,1301. The Atrato from the West Indies has brought 174,0001., of which 90,0001. is g.ld. The Tagus from the Peninsula has 3,1201., and- the Arabia from New York 11,0001., snaking an sggregate receipt to-deiy of 301.6321. The T)rogre-s of the panic in the New York stockmarket reported by the Arabia is Fuch as has never been previouslywitnlessed in any commercial city. A further avernge fail of from 10 to 20 per cent. had occurred in a.l the principal railway stocks in addition to that of like magnitude announced by the previous steaner, and there are several descriptioins -which are now not worth a quarter of the price at which they stood. at the beginninig of the year, although the market was then thought to have siuffered from a loDg period of undue depression. Erie -were quoted, 19 to i; Reading, 53; Michigan, Southern, 17 Panama, 79; and Illnois Central, 91. The latter stc;ck had touched 84, but had subsequently rallied. New York Central was the only stock that had escaped a further decline, the price being still 72. This company is free fromn floating deht, and its comparative stability is due to that circunwatance, yet since the ]st of January it has fallen 21i per cent. The most severe revuLion bad been in illinois Central, owing to the directors having made a call upoIn the shareholders of 10 per cent. The company have a floating debt of 760,0001., a part of which was about to fall due, and to avert all difficulty in meeting it this step had become niecessary. Even the various State stocks bad greatly declined, and a sale of 22,0001. Ohio Sixes of 1,S86, which were negotiated last wiinter at 1 03k, had been forced at 92. All the tailway companies having been brought to a ruirous point the combined operators -were now directing their efforts against the various banks. Ooe of them, the Mechanics Banking Association, with a capital of 130,0001., had alreadv succnmbed. It held deposits to the amount of 1I::,, and had a note circulation of 43,0001., the latter being secured by State stockls. The organs of the adverse operators openly point to many other concerns, and as these do not appear to have the courage to denmanid a contradiction the confidence of the public is proportionably weakened. Thus w;e have such paragraphs as the following :-" TIe New York Life and Trust Company has 550,0001. of bills receivable, and we understand that it is a very sweet lot."-"'The Bank of Commerce is another -weak concern ; the last report showed its loans and discounts to be 2,420,0001., and the deposits but 1,220,0001."-"The Bank of New York used to be considered cne of the strongest banks in the city. Look at it ow . NVith loans amounting to 830,OO0., it has deposits of on]yS3O,o3,Ol."-" There are a good many other weak ones on the list," With statements such as these iu dlaily circulation the marvel will be if the panic does niot extend further. Indeed, it is predicted by the same writers that it is only just at its commencenient. The mercantile failures had beer comparatively few. Thus far they had comprised Lebee and Co., bullion brokers, an old and respectable firm ; J. H. Prentice and Sons, fur dealers; Adams and Bucking- ham, grain factors ; and Breese, Kneeland, and Co., locomotive builders, the last holding a large quantity of railway securities taken for work executed. The failure of the Ohio Trust Company had not been followed by the anticipated disasters at Cincinnati. The coirmittee of investigation of the Michigan Southern Railway had held their first meeting. A large meeting of railway managers had likewise been arranged, with the view of concerting various gereral measures of economy and reform. The reports of the state of trade in the manufacturing towus during the past week present nothing for remark. At Manchester there has been a good ,home demand. Prices are well maintained in the Birmingham iron market and in the woollen districts the transactions have been on a full average Ecale. In the general buisiness of the port of London (luring the past week there has been moderate activity. The number of ships reported inward -was 206, being *54 less than in tbo previous week. These included 26 with cargoes of grain, rice, &c., 6 with cargoes of coffee, 11 with cargoes of sugar, 3 with cargoes of fruit, and one from Shanghai with. 7,120 packages of tea and 99 baes of A, Tfhe total number of vessels cleared outward was 120, including 12 in ballast, showing an increase (f four. According to a circular of M. Arles Dufour, of Lyons, the French silk market coatinues heavy, owing to the natural tendency to reaction from the late exaggerated riee, and the general decrease in conaumption. The period, however, is approaching for the receipt of the American orders for the spring trade, as well as those of the European manufacturers, and as the latter are believed to have completely exhausted their stocks a partial revival is anticipated, The Jouitral de Constacntinople states that the Porte has grant'd a concession to Messrs. Price, Larkius, and Joyce for a railway from Sanvowun to Sivas, a distance of 250 miles, through a very fertile country. The capital is to be 4,500,0001., with a 7 percent. guzrantee from the Turkish Government. It is intended to construct the line in three portions, the second of which will terminate at the copper mines of Tokat. Annexed is a summary furnished by Messrs. J. E. Coleman and Co. of the balance-sheet of the Royal British Bank, filed by the directors on Saturday. The orignal account extends over rnore than 400 pages:- In the Court of Bankyuptcy, Basingball-street, London. "The balance-sheet of the Royal British Bank of the South Sea Honse, Threadneedle-street, in the city of London; No.429, Strand; No. 311, High Holborn; No. 97, Gos well. road, Islington; No. 32, Regent-circus, Piccadilly; No. 1, Shaftesbury-terrace, Pimlico; No. 77, Bridge-road, Lambeth, and No. 60, Blackman-street, Borough, from Nov. 19, 1849, to Oct. 9, 1856:- Baa £. s. d To creditors .56,249 2 7 To E.uk's aceeptances fer cuAtomere account. £2,132 13. sd., wbich wiil be paid by those for whoce account they have been accepted. To capital paid up.. .. .. To profits .. .. .. £565,249 2 7 .. .. .. .. .S 735 o o .. .. .. .. 123,893 17 6 fi17,878 0 1 CR. By cash balances. By debtors (good). sy debtors (doubtful) By bills discounted By bills (doubtful).. By By r. Hardisg, amount standing to his debit at this date, being asets paid over to or cllected by him as official manger.. By bank-houses and furniture cost .£3 .72 17 1 E'tinsted realization under bank. raptcy. .. .. . .. 19.4C0 0 O To loesee below . . .. .. By stamaps .. . .. .. .. By Welsh wo2ks, cost .. .. .. By adjusting Interest account .. By dividends paid.. .. .. .. BybualnO 3expens ..e .. .. Byprebirninasy expenees .. .. £F15,35. 17 ; .i 8. .. £86 4 3 4 1,793 1 1 £ d. d. 7,120 16 8 112.422 111 215,200 2 5 80 85011 7 19.019 5 10 69,768 o 1 19,4'0 0 0 329 4 10 105,T83 3 1 E&2MS93 16 4 2Z.353 10 6 23,524 13 0 B- -02.677 15 3 BY 103tes by bad debts, ac. .. .. .. .. .. . 54,072 7 11 By bank-houses and furniture, as above. 15,352 17 1 £847.878 0 1 The Stock-Exchange Committee have appointed Tuesday, the 22d, as settling day for the National Guaranteed Manure Company, but the shares are not to be marked in the official list. The several shares of the Eastern Counties Railway are henceforth to be quoted as stock. L
TRADE REPORT. Monday Evening. TALLOw.-The rmarket is quiet at 61s. 6d. for the month, and 59s. 6d. for last three months. Annexed are the particulars of stocks and nrices:- Rose% .. ARLRIVAIS .O. TE WEE 2,42 6&w , : a a *: 2:26 - OMe T place ta .. .. .. .. 33 - With regard to the general state of the trade Messrs. Colchester and Woolner report:-The tallow-market was well supported in the early part of the week and pricesfor this month's delivery advanced to 63s. 6d., and for the last three months G0s. 3d. was paid, but toward- the close, when it became apparent that there was no tallow wanted to fulfil contracts for this montb, the price gave way, closing at 62s., and r9s. Gd. for the last three months. We learn by telegraph from St. Petersburg to 12th inst. that the price had declined to 185 roubles on the spot and 180 roubles for the month. To-day the market is again lower for immediate delivery, 61s. 6d. having been accepted for new Y. C. for this month's delivery, and there are sellers at 59s. 6d. for the last three months, but for January and Mfarch this price is paid on 'he spot 62s. is demanded for Y. C., 61s, Md. for South American; there is no Australian offering, and Gis. net cash is the nearest price for town tallow.
TIIE INDIAN MAIA.-The following mail packets are on the Calcutta and Suez line :-the Bengal, Alma, Nubia, Beutinck, Hindostan, and Ava. The following are on the Bombay and Suez line:-the Ottawa Singapore, Ganges, Bombay, Madras, Pekin, Aden, Norma, and Cadiz. The packet bound to Suez from Calcutta may be detained a day at Madras, and also five days at Point de CaDle, in cae the China packet has not arrived there. The packet for Suez from Bombay is not detained on her passage except to coal at Aden. Some of the abovemeationed packets are slow and otbers very fast. It would be most desirable if the authorities at Calcutta and Bombay -would send word every packet what steaniers they purpose despatching with the next homeward mails, because from a knowledge in England of the speed of the steamers in question it could bh estimated pretty nearly when they would arrive at Suez, and much anxiety would be prevented thereby in this country. The Bombay and Suez nackets also trade between Bombay and Cbina, and the authorities at the forn,er places sbould be desired to send the fast boats to Suez, and the slow oxes to China. If the Marseilles porttion of tle mail, either from Bombay or Calcutta, which arrived first at Suez were hurried across the deFert, it would reach Alexandria In about 12 hours. It could then arrive at Marseilles t id Cagliari, in five days. At present the indian mail takes eight days to reach Marseilles even after it has started from Sue7. The last mail took 13 days in reaching Marseilles after the first portion reached Suez. The Governw-ent has one of its fastest steamers, the Crradoc, at present at Alexandria waiting for the Siamese Ambassador. Why not employ the Caradoc in running with an express portion of the Indian mail during this anxious period ? Her Majesty's steamer Desperate, which is at present also at AIexandria, could attend upon the Ambacssador. Why not run a steanwer froni Alexandria to Constantinople, and telegraph to London from the latter place? The distance between Alexandria and Constantinople is not above half so great as that between Alexandria and Cagliari, anid there is a telegraphic communication between London and Corstantinople. The Bombay mail usually arrives at Suez first, because it has not the space to run over ni r tbe stoppages to make that the Calcutta mail has. It starts from seven to ten days after the mail leaves Calcutta, and brings much later news from Delhi. The contract time for the mail to reach Suez from Bon,bay is from 16 10 18 days. Now, when it is considered that some of the mail packets arrive at Suez four or five days befote their time, there seems no reason to doubt that if a v(ry fast steamer were put on between Bombay and Suez and a similar one between Alexandria and Constantir.ople, we might bave in London telegraphic news from Boruboy in little over a fortnight. It should be borne in mind that both the Bombay and Calcutta mails are due at Suez on the 5Sh and 1ith of each month. The Government telegraph dlespatch sid Cagliari is due in London on the 9th and 23d of the month, tho telegraph despatch rid Trieste is due in London on the 11th ard 25th, and the telegraph despatch rio? Marseilles on the 12th and 26th. If these despatches do not arrive at those times, then there has been a delav through a slow boat, a stoppage at Gallo or Madras, or perhaps a late departure from Bombay or Calotitta, which the authorities there wotuld be justified in authorizing provided any great disaster or success were likely sbortly to happen.-E;7-rem. GLASGOW, Sept. 12.-Cotton.-We have had a good trade demand daily in our cotton market this week, and the business done has been to a fair extent at prices for American Id. above those of last week. Surats have also participated in the rise to about the same extent. The market closes very firm and strong. For yarns the demand continues good at fair prices. In goods there is more doing, and higher prices are demanded. Iron.-The pig irou market has been somewhat unsettled this week, and on the whole flat. Up till Wednesday the tone was very dull, and the price of warrants receded to 66s, cash. Since then there has been more inquiry, and pricea have rallied, closing quietly to-day at exacty quotations of this day se'nnight- iz., 67s. 3d. cash, and 68s. Gd. three months open for warrants; No. I, g.nm,b., 69s.; No. 3, 64s.; Gaxtaherrie, E7,
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Moncday Evening. The railway-market has been dull, the attention of operators being chiefly engaged with the arrangement of the approaching account. Sheffield, Great Northern A stock, and London and North-Western declined. Caledonian, Berwick, and North British improved. Canadiau shares were heavy, Grand Trunk especially receding 11. A general reduction occurred in French-in Paris and Orleans to the amount of about 21. Lombardo-Venetian were also lower. A fall has taken place in nearly all descriptions of Amelican. In minne3 the fluctuations have been unimportant. Canada Bonds, Bark of Egypt, and Ottomau Bark cloaed at a decline. In miiscellaneous securities, Australian A4ricultural, London Discount, and National Discount receded. Red Sea Telegraph were nominally quoted j discount to i prernaum.
Thix HA4VEST Lf TRE MIDLA2iD COfN-T1ES.- E here is now scareely a stock of wheat ungarnered, or a riek of grain unthatched in the agricultural counties of Glocester, Worcester, and Hereford, and something like an approximation to the produce of the year may now be arrived at. Some considerable quantity of new wheat has been bronghc into market, but the decline which took place in prices a fortnight ago deterred many farmers from thrashing out, the majority preferring to await the chances of a rise. The wheat crop in the three counties named is certainly a full average one, and will in all probability be found to be more than an average produce. The quality is varied. Such of the autumn-sown wheat as was reaped early in August, before the rains of the second week of the month, is of very superior quality, as also is much of the late wheat. There are, however, many samples which are damped and sprouted, and are not so good in quality. Barley is generally good in quality and also in bulk; beans are hardly up to what was expected of them; oats a good average. That most important esculent, the potato, has exhibited more of the disease this year than for several years past. In many places two-thirds of the crop are rotten, and in some few they will hardly pay for digging. 3ome of the early kinds, usnally the most free from disease, have this year been greatly damaged. The "f tluke"-a late kidney, and the best sort for keeping through the winter-appears to withstand the ravages of this mysterious disease better than any other kind. The rains which have fallen since the beginning of September have been very beneficial to the green crops. There is now a capital aftermath on the meadows, and the swedes and other rots have much improved. There is this year a capital " bit" of fruit in the orehards, and especially in West Worcestershire, some of the pear and apple trees being weighed to the ground with their ripening burdens. Last year having been a failure in fruit the abundance this year will compensate for last year's deficiency. Some cider has been made alread, though usually this is an operation which commences in October. The hops in Worcestershire and Herefordshire are a splendid crop; indeed, the planterscomplain that there are too many, the abundance reducing their value in the market below what they consider a remonerating price. Some little excitement is being occasioned at the rumoured appearanoe of the murrain in Worceestershire, suppsed to 'have been introduced from Ireland.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. IMNANCHESTE SREFFIRLD ANMl T.TgflAT.NrTD u Lhe worktng expenses and other outgoinpg of this orno pany's railways (exlusive of the Manchester, South Junotion, and Altrncham, stated below) have amoentod in the fortnight ending September 6 to 10,292t., while the correonding period of 1856 amounted to 8,7711. The sum of 39. 11., already stated for the first four fortnights of the hslf.year, added to the 10,2921. as above, makes a total expended of 49,613M, as agai nt 44,0081. for the corresp3nding ve fortnights of the previous year, showing an increase of 5 605. In the expensew, while the increase in the reoceipts for the same period amounts to 13,3521. The proportion of the Suth Junction,&c., reoeipts accruing to this company for the fortnight ending September 6 amounts to 1,5051., as against 8611. for the same psriod of 1856. The sum of 5,2971., as p-ovlourly stated, for the first four fortnights of the hal-year, added to the 1,5051., as above stated, makes a total receipt to September 6 of 6,803L, s against4,2411 for the same period of 1856, the expenses being 2, 6761. and 2,0601. respectively. The eceitsfthve monnmepaznysca^n2alls fwor the month ending Augus31 hve amunte to 54721, as against 61,2241.fo the same period of 1856. The sum of G,490. already stated above, snakes a total recBeivehdloff 11,s412, as agans 15,4201. a for the corresponding two months of the previous year. Te working expenses and other outgoings of the canals have been for the month of August, 185i7, 3,1391, as against GREAT SOUTRN AND WESTERN. A holder of 6 per cent. shares in this company complains that the frauds of the transfer clerk, amounting to 40,5261., were not deducted from the net re'veniue of the compyny as in the case of the Reedpath frauds on the Great Northern Railway. Had that been done, he states, the company could not have paid two consecutive di'vidends at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum on the ordinary capital, and thus under the Act merged the 6 per cent. preference shares into the ordinary stock of the company, briDging down the former 6 per cent, dividend to 5 per cent, for the past halfyear. The 40,5261. loss arising from the frauds of the transter clerk is to be provided for out of the reserve fund, when It becomes sufidently large to payoff the whole of TRAFFIC RETURNS. Miles Pas- Mer- Total, TotaI, Pla1l&, open. engem shandse. 1857. 15, Week endung Julys 2. BuffaloandLake Huron 114 ., 6ss .. 303 .. 858 Week ending Aug. 22. GrandTrunkof Canada .. 849 - , - .. 9,694 .. 5,043 Week ending &ug. 27. Detroit and Milwauko e.. 100 .. - .. - .. 1,224 .. 1,136 Week ending Aug. 28, Great Western of Oenada 283 .,.6425 ..2,172 .. s,597 .. 10,498 Week ending Sept. 12. Bouth-}EAtem . - .. - .. 24,103 .. 25,021 London. Bighton, & South cast .. .. .. 1831 .. lsi,55.. 3.s82 ., 18.171 .. 19,685 The foliowing are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from August 27 to Sep. temuber 2:-
MILITARY SERTICE IN THE UNITED STATES. (From the Vcw York Times.) The desertion of one-third of the force selected for the Utah expedition, involving the all but total annihilation of an entire regiment, suggests a few considerations regarding our treatment of our army which are worthy of attention. The history of the 5th Infautry during the last ten years, the d6handwxde of which is causing so much delay and annoy. ance, reflects, we think, very great discredit, not simply on the military authorities, but on the whole public. This regiment, after arduous service during tho Mexic^n war, was immediately sent to the Texan frontier, where It had to undergo all the hardships and dangers of frontier life until two years ago. It was then sent to Florida, and served a campaign against the Indians in the swamp. This over, it was abruptly despatched to Kansas, and ordered to march 1,000 miles through a howling ws,ste, infested by savages, to fight a hostile popolation on its own soil. Now, we have the highest possble opinion of the American army, composed though it be in the main of foreigners Its whole istory hab been marked in no ordinary degree by courage and fortitude of the highest order. It will endure anything with alacrity which human nature can be brought to endure; but such a life as this 6th Regiment has been leading is a life which no human being in possession of a man's ordlnary instinct and a man's legs can be got to uncdergo. The greater portion of our military service is of a kind which no other army in the world could be got to perform. This outpost duty, in which our troops pass their lives, is one which European armies, whenever they are engaged in it, perform only for cerLain f6xed periods. The Russian regiments serving in the Caucasus are either composed of men guilty of some offence, military or other, or are permitted to return to civilization at stated interals. The French army in Aklgeria is in comparatively comfortable quarters, once the razzia is over. The British reziments serve in exposed positioDs in regular rotation. The condemnation of any cnq regiment, or set of regiments, to perpetual service in a Caffre war would lead to mutiny. In all other armies, too, the restraints of military discipline derive some tuitigation from change of scene and from ghmpses of gaiety, of relaxation, and even of luxury, snatched here and there on the march or in garrison. Tonight the soldier bivouacs on the roadside, but to-morrow he will find hiomself billeted in a snug tavern in a large town. If he passes the Alps he descends upon the iich plains of Lombardy. After Cann=e comes Capua. The pleasing uncertainties of his position, the mixture of wild enjoyment with fierce excitement and terrible suffering of which his career is made up, have for some nataoes an indescribable charm, and go far to furnish the hosts who pile up hecatombe on battlefields. The American soldier from the day of his enlistment to that of his discharge passes from swamp to swamp and forest to forest, sees no human faces but those of his companions in misfortune, knows no excitement better than Dighting with a foe whom it is no glory to conquer, has no hope of advancement, lives wretchedly, and perisbes obscurely. Change of quarters brings no relief. His condition is not much improved by being transferred from the banks of the Colorado to the Everglades. A march to the Salt Lake is not a very pleasing variety after scouting in Florida. The officers are buoyed up under this terrible task by the influence and resources of education by the voice of honour. and the hope of distinction. But whence shall the poor Irish and German, who compose the rankl and file, derive their consolation ? Russian serfs could scarcely be got to accept existence on such ter'ns. We can hardly wonder if, in a free country, where labour is valuable, and where a civilian's exertions are rewarded by wealth, comfort, and honour in a far greater measure than in any other part of the world, the soldier, whose life is all toil and all privation, should prove "false to his salt." Military discipline will do a great deal with men of any race and under any circumstances, but militarydiscipline alone will not keep up the 2norale necessary for tho perform. ance of great enterprises. We are so esswntially a non-military people that our standing army is in a measure forced upon us by pressing necessity. We are obliged to have one, but we atone for our chagrin by treating it as badly as possible. We don't suppose we shall effect much by appealing to the humanity of the people upon thisquestion, but we hopo its economical aspect will meet with some consideration. It is the sheerest and most wilful extravagance to lead a body of trained soldiers such a dog's life that they shall desert en masse the first great strain they undergo. The immense extent of our frontier and the daily increasing complication of our relations with other Powers are rendering our standing army of yearly increasing importance. There is a deeply rooted feeling of hostility to any increase in its quantity, but its quality may be whatever the War Department pleases. The present mode of employing it renders it all but utterly worthless, as this Utah expedition proves. Troops drilled and trained and organized as ours are, are totaUy unfitted for frontier service against Indians. The superiority of a trained force is shown only when it acts in masses. IRangers," trappers, pioneers, BashiBazouks, any sort of Irregulars, skillcd in the use of their weapon,, and led by daring men, vuould root out Indians twice as well as" United States' Infantry or Dragoons." It is weU known that our regulars are the laughingstock of the backwoodsmen in their condficts with the Indians. They are constantly outwitted, outmanceuvred, and outmarched by them. Tlen thousand infantry, cavalry, and artillery, scattered in microscopic detachments over a frontier of 2,000 miles of forest, are simply so many convicts undergoing a terzible sort of punishment. Concentrated in one or two large bodies, within reacb of books, society, and civilization within reach, in short, of all the social induences under which the men were born and brought up, they wonld be a powerful and ef9ective posse,-so many grayhounds straining in the leash. The niere talk of such an expedition as this against the Mormons would rouse them into the eagerest excitement. Their morale would be kept up by contact with the rest of the world. They would be, in short, an army,-a designation to which, at present, they can hardly lay claim. But few of our soldiers are woodsmen, or have any sort of natural aptitude for that sort of life, and to be a good pioneer and Indian fghter onemust be "to the manner born. " Our frontier duty we might easily perform by the aid of such corps as the " Texan Rangers," made up of the scamps and scapegoats who baunt our borders in great numbers, and 'who won't submit to rigid discipline, but would deal with Camanehes in their harum-scarum fashion far better than Frederick's Grenadiers, were they still in existence. The regular army we could then reserve in fuU efficiency for special service en massc, where its drill and its discipline and expensive organization would come into play. We should thus consult the claims of humnanitv and the claims of our own pockets at one and the s&me time. We throw out these remarks simply as suggestions. Whether they are worthy of attention or not, there can be no doubt that the attempt to keep Camanches, Apaches, and Seminoles in check by the same sort of force whieh we use to fight British regulars and quell iusurrectioiii of our citizens is very absurd, and should have long ago had its propriety much more strongly questioned than ever it has been hitherto. TEn TEA TRADE, Sept. 14.-The deliverimg in Loncon, estimated for the week, were 765,4321b., being an incre. e of 65,i631b. compared with the previous statement,
BAEREUPTOY COURT, Basnghastlcat Sept, 14. 1f RE THE LONDON AND WEST OF IRELAYD YLSEING AND FISHNG MANtKRK )MPAVV (B.fore Ur. Commisti&"r Fo-LRT.AwoTrv I A petition was presented by Mr. LANvANCE on behalf of Lieutenant-Colonel Daniell, of 54, Grosvenor-street, for winding-up this company. The petition was presented under the provisions of the Joint-Stock Companies Act, 1856. Mz. Stansfield was named as the official liquidator, and the first meeting under the petition was fixed for the 25th In. In the meantime the requisite summonses will be served upon the man&ging director and secretary of the company. IN RE J. CASTLE. The bankrupt was a miller of Little Faringdon. He failed to surrender to-day to pass his last examination, and was outlawed. INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, SpL 1I4 There was only one case In to-d&y's list, which was an application under the Protection Act for a discharge on an interim order. The application was granted, and the Court rose at an early hour.
CBNTRAX, CPOIMINAL COURT, &pt. 14. This Court resumed its sittings this morning before the Right Hon. T. Q. Finnis, Lord Mayor, Mr. Russell Gurney, QC., the Recorder, Aldermen Farncomb, Sir F. G. Moon, Sir R. W. Carden, Humphery, Rose, and Phillips, Mr. J. J. Muchi, Sheriff of London and Middlesex, Mr. Alexander Crosley, Under Sheriff, &c. It appears by the first edition of the calendar that there are at present 72 prisoners for triaL which number will probably be increased to 100 before the grand jury are discbarged. The RECORDER, when the grand jury had been awora said, he had hardly expected that he should have been calld upon to address them again, as upon the last occasion wDen he had done so, a till was before Parliament, the object of which was to abolish the institution of grand jnues within the jurisdiction of the Central Criminal Court, and which appeared to have such a general concurrence of opinion in its favour that he considered there 'Was no doubt that it would have passed into law. Owing to the shortness of the session, however, and other causes it appeared that this Bill had been withdrawn, and they were therefore now assembled in conformity with the law, and were called upon to perform the duties that devolved upon them as grand jurors. That was, of course, not the proper place to discu6e the propriety of the course that had been taken by the Legis ature, hut, whatever might be said as to the general expediency of the grand jury, there could be no doubt that the jurisdiction of the Central Criminal Court stood in a very diSferent posion from many otherjurisdictions, and that the grand jury were called together in that court to investite matters that had previously been fully inquired into by persons of great experience and legal nowvledge, and that they had not the means of coming to a conclusion upon these matters thbt were possessed by the other and more competent tribunal. The mstitution of a grand jury stil existed, however and as this was the case they must proceed as usuaf, and it would be his duty to offer a few observations to them in reference to the cases that were likely to be brought before them for consideration. The number of prisoners for trial on the present occasion was not large, but he regretted to say that there were several oerious cases, and that no less than three involved the destruction of human life and would come before them in the form of charges of wilful murder. One of these cases, that of a person named De Salvi, had this pecuharity, that the prisoner had already been tried and convicted for wounding the person, who was at that time alve, but who had Ince died, and was under sentence upon that conviction. In consequence of tbo wounded man havng sinoe died from the effects of the injuries he had receiv, and the death having taken place within a year and a day of t3a time of their being inflicted, the prisoner would now have to take his trial upon the charge of wilful murder, and the grand jury wtould have nothing to do with the fact that the prisoner had been already convicted of another offence arising out of the same transaction. The case vould not present any difficulty in any other respect, and, if it were made out to their satisfaction that the death arose from the violent act of the prisoner, he apprehended they would feel it to be their duty to put the case in a course to undergo further investigation; and if there were any circumstances that would reduce the act of the prisoner below the cmime of wilful murder they would be properly brought before the petty jury for consideration. His Lordship then referred to the cases of Denny, for the murder of the Italian lad at IHampetend, and the murder by a prisoner in Horsemongerlane Gaol, and said it appeared to him that it would be their duty to find true bills for murder in both these cases, and he observed that, although in the latter case there might be a question whetber the accused at the time of the commission of the act was in such a state of nind as to render him criminally responsible, they were not empowered to entertain tat question, which could only properly be disposed of by the petty jury. There were two charges of assaults with intent to commit murder, in one of which a person named German who was at the time a convict confined in gaol, was charged with a violent assault upon one of the warders who had the charge of him, and in the other an unfortunate woman was charged with endeavouring to destroy the life of her child by strangling it with a cord. In the last cme the unhappy prisoner appeared to have been inn state of great distress at the time the act mas committed, but he was afraid that if the facts should be laid before them as they appeAred in the depoaitions they would be bound to return a true bil in both cases. There was only one other case to whicb he con. sidered it necessary to direct their attention, which was a charge of uttering a forged baptismal certificate, and he mentioned it with a view that it should be known that this was an offence of a very serious description. It appeared that by the regulations of some of the departments of the public service no person could receive an appointment unless he was of a certain age, and it seemed that the person accused, having obtained a certificate from the clergyman of his parish of the date of his birth by which his age would appear to be 15, had altered the date so that his age would seem to have been 17 nstead of 15. If this fact were made out it would be their duty to find the bill, and it was right it should be known that an^act of deception of this description was a very serihus matter, and subjected the party who was guilty of it to severe punishment. The grand jury then retired, and t^he Court proceeded to dispose of the business of the se^sion. Edward Hastings surrendered to take his trial upon an indictment which charged him with the offence of wilful and corrupt perjury. Serjeant Parry was retained epecial3y with Mr. Sleigh and Mr. Lawranoe to conduct the prosecution; Sir F. Thesiger and Air. uddleston, Q.C., were also specially retained, with Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Giffard, on behalf of the defendant. Although this case came before the Court for investigation in the form of a charge of perjury, there could be no doubt, from the opening of the learned counsel for the prosecution and the course of the evidence, that the real question at issue in the inquiry was whether there had been an infringement of several patents obtained by a company known as Price's Patent Candle Company, and by another company formed for the same object in the year I 853 under the title of Bauwen's Patent Candle Company. The defendant was originally in the service of the last mentioned company, but left that employment in October, 1W8, and it appeared that samost immediately afterwards he was taken into the service of Price's Patent Candle Company, and thereowas no doubt that he very shortly made a communication to the conductors of that company which induced them to believe that there had been an infringement of several patents that had been obtsined by them at different periods by the company that were carrying on busisess under the title of Bauwen's Patent Candle Company. The result of the inquiries that were made, and which were founded upon the information rfforded to the managers of Price's Patent Candle Company by the defendant, was that a biUl was filed in Chancery praying for an injunction to restrain Bauwen's Patent Candle Company from continuing their process of manufacturing the candles, and in the course of the proceedings that took place in Chancery the deiendant made certain affidavits and prepared a model which he swore was a true representation of the modo of manufacturing candles adopted by Blauwen's Company, and which was aleged to be an infringement of Pnce's patents. An action was subsequently tried before Lord Campbell at Guildhall, in which the question to be decided was whether or not there had been an infringement of Price's patents by the other company, and the defendant was examined as a witness for the plaintiffs, Price's Patent Candlo Company, and after a trial of four days it appeared that tbe jury found one of the issues for the defendants and all the others for the plaintiffs, the effect of the verdict apparently being to esta- lish that there had been an infringement of Price's patents by Bauwen's Compny. It was upon the evidence given by the defendant at this trial and the statements made by him in his affidavits in the Court of Chancery that the present indictment for perjury was sought to be supported, it being allegcd, among otber things, that the model prepared by the defendant was not a truthful model of the machinery used by Bauwen's Patent Candle Company, and that various statements he had made in the Court of Queen's Bench with regard to the character of the process made use of by the last-mentioned company were false, and that they were made wilfully and with a corrupt object. A great number of witnesses were examined in support of the prosecution, but their evidence, as mnay be imagined, was principaUy of a technical and scieDtific character, and not of a nature to be interesting to the public or to require to be given in detail. At the rising of the Court the trial s adjourned until this (Tuesday) morning. There are a great nu 2ber of other witnesses stiU to be examined, and the case may possibly occupy two or three days before it Is finally disposed of.
THE RECE,T STORM AT WIM.-WIcK, E'riday Evening.-The intense anxiety which has prevailed here since Wednesday morning has been considerably dissipated to-day by intelligence of tho safety of numerous crows whose boats were overtaken by the storm of Tuesday night, and of wbhom no inteninence was received till to-day, from Portmahomuck, in 1Ess-shire, to whicb, a distanoe of about 60 miles, they badto run for sbelter. Two boats, manned byll men, are still unacwunted for; and there ia no doubt thAt one crew has perished, as a boat keel-up has been tossing off our bay since yesterday morning. There has been quite a gloom in the town and district sinco Wednesday, and although considerably relieved by the nows to-day there is still great anxiety regarding the missing men, most of whom are connected with the place. The minsing boats from the coast stations aro, we rejoice to state, all accounted for. This afternoon the body of Alexander Bain, drowned from the lifeboat on Wednesday afternoon, was found among a quantity of ware on the acorth side of the bay. It will be interred to-morrow. We have no accounts of any losses in Orkney, or of boats proceeding home to the west fom tbe C3ithness fishing.
TBFIPZDz2&, 3IAIS,S'ACREAq, LIVERPOOL. A publio meeting of the inh _ni t o - bald in the Sesionls HOUse V'- -L1tts oE Liverp~ool WES noon, havingth SebCionS m eu ..apel-street, vesterdar aftern , b ve by the Mayor (Mr. Vrancis Shand) in ilW so a nunero uly signed requisition, for the ipupOse of expressing "sympatby with the onhap suferers in the truly distressing events that have o=e in India ti many of our fellow countrymen, their wives w'ad famiies * and of taking such measuree ua may e de;maed best to s3.d in relieving the urgeut and presaing Wulta of many who are left totally destitute." The chair was occupied by the Mayor, ard among those present were Mr. W. Brown, M.P-, Mr. Charles Turner chamnan of the Dook Coinmittee and president of the East Judia and China Association, Mr. T. B. Barclay, Mr. W. Rathbone, Mr. T. D. Anderttee, Mr. Woodruff, senior churchwarden, Mr. C. Grant, Mr. Cama (Parsee merchant), Mr. George Melly, Mr. T. IM. Mokay, of the firmof James Baines and Co., owners of the ilaclk Ball line of clippere, Archdeacon Jones, Dr. M'Necit, the Ptevs. T. 0. Cowan, - Lcusa, of Walton-Breck, S. B. Sutton, - Warr, of St. Saviours, severel l4issonting ministers, &c. Leters were read from a number of gentlemen enclosing various contributions, one from Messrs. Arthur Heywood and Sons for 101., hrs. Pembertor. Heywood 251., the Rev. 'Mr. Lomas, as the result of a coUection at his church, t51. 4s. fid., &c. The sxVoR, in introducing bhe object of the meeting, expressed bis belief that the intelligence which was pu=oshed in the papars of that mnoruing was of a reassuring character, for altho-agh they did not hear of any grewt event having taken Vfiace, yet, what was of great moment, General Haeelock had effectually repuilsedthe rebels and was making rapid progress to Lucknow. Though Delhi had not yet faUen, that consummation he believed was only postponed until our troops, by being greatly strengthened wonuad the inore readily be enabled to secure the tigers within the waUs of Delhi and punish them as they deserved. In conclusion, lie announced his own subscription, as mayor, at 251., and that of his firm, C. W. and F. Shand, lOdI. (Cheers.) Mr. W. BRONVS, M.1'., in moving the first resolution, thought they must all feel extreme regret that it had been lecessary for the chief magistrate to call them to. gether upon such a melancholy occasion and when interests of so much importance were involved. Who could read the despatches that were being received from India without deploring the sufferings of our officers and men, their wives and families? It was true that the East India Coumpany night be able to extend to themr somne temporary Telief, but that he apprehended would be very inadequate to the demands upon them of those who from positions of comparative comfort were thrown into absolute destitution, and itremainedfor theBritish public to relievethem from that unhappy situation. They found, arriving at Calcutta, officers who had lost their wives, wives who had lost their families, motbers who had lost their children, and children who had lost their parents by the treachery of those scoundrels-it was impossible to designate tbem by a name too severe (cheers)-who had not only sacrifioed helpless women and children, but who had betrayed their trust at the same moment murdering their officers to whom they had promised protection. It was only necessary to refer to the columns of Tihe Times and the other daily papers to have their souls harrowed by the distressing scenes which had occurred in India. It remained with theum, to the utmost of their power, to relieve those distressed persons, giving theem some little sustenance and comfort after the terrible privations thoy had undergone. (Cheers.) We were exceedingly fortunate in having in the Anglo-Saxon race soldiers and sailors who feared no dangers,-soldiers so dauntless and irresistible that hitherto they had carried everything before them. Only that morning they had intelligence of the defeat of one of the most villainous rebels In the whole of India. The conquering force was on its march to the relief of Lucknow, the brave defenders of which place were worthy of their warmest thanks. (Cheors.) For the future the continued arrival of troops in India gave them cause for the best hopes; but, in the meantime, the feeling of this country would support the Governient in its endeavours to send out not merely sufficient troops to quell the rebellion, but to overwhelm aU opposition. (Cheers.) Mr. Brown concluded by moving the folloving resolution:- *'That this meetinz is moved with sorrow aud indignation at the atrocities which the mutineers In lndia ha e ninflicted on so many of Her Majesiy's su'jLc-e. those savages not rparlng helpless womes and children; and this meeting deeply sympathizec vith the sufferers, and cannot doubt that the inhabitants of Liverpool will give practical ex pression to their feelisga by rai,ing a large fund for the relief of the numerous sufferer-, many of whom are left totally destitute." Mr. T. M. MACKAY, of the firm of James Baines and Co., seronded the resolution, which was unanimously adopted. The Rev. Dr. MINEILE, in moving the second proposition, narrated facts bearing upon the suflerings of Europeans in India. Some of these were in connecxion with his own son, who was captain of the 5th N4tive Bengal Infantry, His regiment miutinied, but, thank God, hislife was not sacrificed. Hisewife, who had been staying with him at Unmballah, was obliged to fly, and, according to the last accounts, she and a nunibcr of other fugitives were crowded together in a miserable room at Kussowlee, with no separate apartment to retire to, but compelled to perform all the details of social life in that crowded, miserable place. He had that morning heard one obeering and refreshing fact among much that was harrowing and distressing. A friend had received intelligence from Calcutta to the effect tha' Mrs. Colvin, the banker's wife, and Lady Canning were working in Calcutta, just as Miss N'ightingale did in the Crimea, administering witb their o-wn hands to the neceusties of the ladtes and gentlemen as they were brought in from the river. (Cheers.) With respect to this relief fund, they should bear in mind that many sufferers had come, or were on their way to En4land, where they would arrive In the most severe destitution. He thought, therefore, to meet these cases, there should be a reserve fund in England, and with these views he would move:- * Tht a coramittee be now appointed to collect Conations and a, propriate themn in a way that in their juidgmeDt will beet acam out the tI-tentlou of this nioeting, not losing sight cf the fact that rutferers have arrivTed aud are uow arrivineg who may reqLuire Immediate ellet as wel as those n india." Mr. J. J. STvrr seconded the proposition, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. Archdeacon JoNmsr, in moving the next resolution, denied that the revolt could in any degree be attributable to the missionaries in India, and mentioned that he had a des. son befort Delhi. He mnoved,- ' That the requoisitloolat and the aldermen oftShe borough form tho committee, with power to add to their number.' Mr. W. lsrTHli10NE, in seconding the motion, thought that the Reev. Archdeacon Jones had misunderstood the prees, no accusation, he believed, having been made against the mis^,iDnaries. Ho (Mr. Rathbone) was, however, convinced that a great sin lay at our door as well at the door of others ; and he wished it to be remembered that some of our military men, and others engaged in the civil service in India, had been the cause of a great deal of the ill feeling which had brought this about. He did not want to be told that our countrywomen had suffered wrongs worse than death a thousand times, anid he did not want to nitigate their feelings in that respect; but lie did believe that the treatment of native women by some of those to whom he had referred had been one cause of the strong feeling which had manifested itself in the fndian atrocities. Ho trusted that we should lay that deeply to heart. The resolution was then put and carried, and a vote of thanks to the Mayor terminated the proceedings. Subscrip6ions to the amount of ahout 1,4001. were collected before the meeting separated. This amount included the following :-Brown, Shipley, and Co., 1001.; C. W. aknd F. Shand, 1001.; Arthur Eleywood and Co., 1001. Imry and Tomlinson, 10t)1.;* James Baines and Co., 1001. Melly, RonmUly, and Co., 1001. ; Boyd, Edwards, and Co., 1001.; Hugh and J. llornby, 1001.; T. B. Iorsf all, IM.P., 1001. ; and Robert Livingston and Co., 1001. YORK. At the meeting of the York City Council yesterday Mr. Alderman Leeman presented a requisition to the Lord Mayor, signed, he said, by the Archbishop, several of the gentlemen of the neighbourhood the recorder, the sheriff, the canon in residence, several of the clergy, and the ministers of all denominations, the aldermen, and nearly every member of the council, requesting his Lordship to call a general meeting of the inhab{tants of the city and its vicinity to originate a subscription for the relief of our suffering fellow-subjects and their fauiilies in India. He hoped this movement from the second city of the empire would be followed in all our large towns, and that the sub. scription so nobly begun by the Lord Mayor and people of London would be so augmented as to aford substantial relief to those who were now suffering such unparalleled distress. (Hear, hear.) The Lord Mayor promptly appointed a publlcmeeting to be held on Wednesday at 1 o'clock. HULL. A publicmeeting washeldin theSessions Court at Hull on Friday for tile purpose of showing syumpathy with our help. les fellow-suhjecte in India. The nieetin-, which was numierous and influential, was presided over by Mr. W. HL Moss, the Mayor, and resolutions were onanimouyod for comnmencing a subscription forthiwith in 'the broach and its neighbourhood. Hlis worship the Mayor headed %1fie list with the sum of 251. LEICESTER A meeting was held in the Gulldhal, Leicester, yesterday, convened by the Mayor (Mr. Joseph Underwood), to take into consideration what means should be adopted to alleviate the sufferings of our feUow-countrymen in India. On the motion of Mr. J. D. Harris, M.P., the Mayor ws; called to the chair. Letters were read from Lord Howe, enclosing a check for 501,, and from Admiral Arbuthnot and Major Wol. iaston, each enclo'sing a check for 51. The first resolution was moved by Mr. J. D. Harris, M.P., expreseing deep sympathy for the sufferings of our feUow-countrymen and countrywomen in India. 'The resolution was seconded by the Rev. J. DLxon, and carried unanimously. The second resolution was moved by Dr. Noble, to the effect that the rneeting was anxious to relieve the destitute condition of their countrymen in India, caused by a barbarian army, for tha.t purpose asubcription be opened at the various baD s in the town, and the amount so collected be forwarded tti ,e central committoe. A committee was then formed, o,nsting of Earl Hiowe, the m emubers for the borough, the or, nd theprincipal inhabitants, Before the meeting separated the sum collected amounted to 221)1. EXETER At a meeting of the Townx Counci a few daye ago, the 3Mayor, Mr. W. Buckingham, stated that he had received a letter from the Lord Mayor of London, asldng the Couneil to co-operate in raising a fund for the sufferers in India. His wors p further stated that he had received eneorragement froib several Country gentlemen who were most anxuo. to eo-qperate with the citizens. He need not say that the feeling in this country was very strong indeed with regard to the digaeeful and atrocious cruelties which had been perpetrated on persons of all classes in India, amon wh o, were a considerable number who had been rendered destitute, and who had little or no claim upon the East IndiA Company for compensation. He suggested that a rublic meeting of the oitizens should bo convened for Friday next; whioh suggestion the Council readily adopted, and a resolution to that effect was unanibnously passed, TOBQUAy, A .subscriptioii ha,, oeen se, on feot in this town oil bet alf of our suffering fellow countrymen in India, and 14014 have been already remitted to the Lord Mayor of Loidon.
THE IATIVE PRINCES OF INDIA, TO THE EDITOR OF THE ThIEMS. Sir,-Your columns are always liberally given Tor the dis cussion of any public question, even when the writer's sentiments may be opposed to your own. I therefore venture to forward a few remarks with refereIce to a subject which I think interesting to all who are anxious about our Indian possessions. I have observed with regret the tone adopted by some of the press respeotiDg the state of affairs in India, and more particul%rly certain remarks directed against such of the native independersn chiefs as are our allies. Can it be a wise or generous policy to cast doubts at the present moment upon their fidelity and honesty of purpose, proceeding eve, to hint at a future incorporation of their dominious with our own? Such a policy is most injudicious, and if persevered in can only be produetive of pernicious reeults. For at a time when the security of our rule in India has received a shock which must take years to ropairwhen a mutiny exists which demands an immense outlay in men and treasure to quell, it stands to reason that it is not the time to cast doubts upon the fidelity of our native chiefs, or to hint at their future snbjugation, for this is, in fact, to imbue them with feelings of distrust and disaffection, if not to se. them at once in arry against us. No such policy sbould aotaste us- no such sentiments should be expressed or upheld by any ing. lish paper; their utterance adds only a fresh danger to those which already menace the existence of the British empire in India. For, while with so disproportionato a force we have to resist and subdue the whole mutinous army o2 Benqalwhile we find it difficult to hold our own, it is highly injudicious to irritate native princes whose domninions bound and are in the centre of the disaffected province. Their arms once turned against us might prove a most formidable addition to the strength of the mutineers, and we sbould soon have not only the army to subdue, but tho whole of the country to reconquer. We say these native princes do not govern well, and their dominions often present scenes of anarohy and muisrule; in fact, that we could govern them better, and irtroduce civilization and order. Now, is this the time, when the state of things is so verT bad in our own dominions, to talk of the faults of our neighbours administration? We have certai nly set them an example in civil administration, and it would be well if our moral administration were worth imitating also. Any man with a map of India in Ihis hand, acquainted with the strength of the English arc y,-we mean the Euro. pran regulararmy-and knowingwhatthe population of Engand'numbers,mnstbeawarehowianpossible it is for England to hold the vast empire of India by the sword alono. No, our policy abould be defensive, not aggre-sive, and our wis. dom is not to assume the arrogance of an overweening Power, nor to suspect disaffection where it m,ay not exist; but to conciliate and urite ourselves in friendly relations with those whose aid may be so very important to us at the present crisis. Our position as the paramount Power and ally enables us to adopt measures which we think as just as they are advisable. I would show no mercy to tle faitbless, but at the same time I would reward those who have continued firm and stanch to our intereats, and have done their utmcst to prove their desire to preserve the empire in its integrity and relieve the snffermgs and dangers of irdividuals. For instance, we have Holkar in Central India, who, if he chose, might place himself at the head of a large army of mutineers and malcontents. Instead of this, at the risk of his own life, he protects oar sufferers rnd their families. He proclaims to the rabble that co religion warrants murder and robbery; and he takes every opportunity of informing the Government and his English friends that he is stanch and true. In the same circle of country we have the petty chief of Amjheera. He arrogantly sets up the standard of rebe1tion and attempts to imprison the British sgrt. This rebel's land is near to Holkares. Why not reward the fidelity of the one by giving him the forfeited property of the otheor? There are others of the Amjheera stamp, but who have not the courage to declare their hostility. Were the above measures adopted their adherence doub;less would be secured, and the justice of the British would be proclaimed and acknowledged from Peshawnr to Comorin. I enclos my card and beg to remain, Your obeclient servant. F. L. H.
CAFFE PROOI'S FOR INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read with pleasure the letter of "Q. S. E." in your paper of yesterday as to reoruiting negrc3s for tropical service in the East. I was in Ceylon in 1816, just after the corquest of the Island by our troops, and at that time there were five or aix colonial regiments embodied, several of which were composed of Africans and officered from the Line. These Africans were recruited almost exclusively froni the Caffre tribes between Natal and Sofala, of a height at least equal to the average of any English regiment, were brave, docile, good-tempered, and cleanly. They had left behind in Africa any religion they had, and believed in nothing but their officers, to whom they, as a rule, beomne strongly attached. What has been done before may be done again, and there mut still be many officers surviving who served in and with those regiments, and can speak as to their value and how they were raised. They might be made available for many duties that are harassing to the Eniglish soldier, as their confreres in the West Indies are, and, besides, every Caffre that you so employ withdraws from Africa one who is a thorn in the side of our countrymen there, and an item in the hordes who periodically carry destruction and death into the colony and are with difficulty driven out hy the very troopseto whom in proper hands they miight prove such valuable auxlliaries. I trust that the subject may receive the serious attention of some one more competent to deal with it than Sir, your obedient servant. IMiUHARD BROWNE. Glasgow, Sept. 12.
OuR. Ow-N DELHI AT IIOlME.-The Ilst accounts from the East report that Delhi is still in the hands of the insurgents, and likely to remain so for a considerable time . nger; but the British Government are making vigorous preparations to reconquer and re-establish their empire in India, and no one can doubt their ultimate success. The sacred city once again in the possession of the conquerors they will not be likely to repeat their folly of strengthen. ing its fortific3tions, filling it with the necessary means of resisting a long siege, and then intrusting it to the keeping of the very people from whom they had taken it. Over 30,000 troops, with necessary stores of war, have already been sent from England for India, and, before long, we shall begin to hear of the terrible retribution that must fan upon the heads of the native rebels. There will be miuch done that will never be reported, and many a terrible massacre that will never thrill the nerves of European and American readers; bu. there will be enough told to startle the civilized world, and neow Macaulays and RusseUs will gain renown by reciting the horors of the fall of Delhi. But we have a Delhi of our own which has not yet faUen, and, from present indications, is not likely to fal until long after the fate of the Eastern capital shaU have been sealed. We have not, like the British in India, conquered a fortress and then given it to the enemy to keep for us, but we have permitted an enemy to build one in the centre of our territory, where he has gained such power that he snaps his fingers at us in defiance, and we encourage him still further to defy our powe. by sending so feeble and inefficient a force to coerce bim tat it crumbles to pieces on its way. Our Delhi is the Mormon City of Salt Lake, where a rebellious fanaticisni, both religious and political, exists, more malignant and better organized than that of India. It will inspire the Mormons with a feeling of contempt for the central Government when they learn that even the small expedition of 1,500 men, which was sent out to quell their revolutionary and rebellious movements, has been unable to reach them ou account of Imperfect organisation and the lack of propor administrative talent. The wily and able leader of the Mormons, who has boasted to his deluided folowers that he will be himself President of the United States within five years, will turn the failure of the inllitary expedition against Utah to good account for his own interests, and he will doubtless attribute it to his own superhuman agency. The main cause of the failure of the Utah military expedition is said to be owing to desertions, more than one-third of the force having deserted since it commenced its march. There must have been some wretehed mismanagement which reflects disgrace upon the War Department, if the reports be true that so large a number of desertions have taken place They are said to have been malnly from the f5th Regiment of Infantry, and were, at the last accounts, of daily occurrence. The reports from Washington are to the effect that it is the intention of Government to send forward more r- cruits, and that the expedition will not be detained. How this may be we do not know; but we should say that the wiser course would be to order the army for Utah, whatever there may be left of it, into winter quarters, and, in the meantime, make vigorous preparations for sending an eficient force early in the spring. As almost the entire population of Utah Is composed of the faithful and fanatical followers of Brigham Young. they may be left to his tender mercies awhile longer. However he may delude them as to his own power and the inability of the Federal Government to molest him, he labours under no delusion himself. The rascal will not have the audacity to Lay his hand, at least openly, on any official representative of the United States. He knows too well what would be the inevitable oonsequences to himself of such conduct, and we need entertain no fear for such United States officers as remain in the territory. In the meantime, before a new force can be organized and sent to Utah, Congress wi assemble, and among the first measures of the Adminisration. will doubtless be one for the settlement of the Utah difflculty. Senator Douglas has already published his own views of what would be the proper plan for Utah, and it is not unlikely that they may co cide with those of Mr. Buchanan. Salt Lake will have to be disposed of in aome way by the present Administration, and it may not prove altogether unfortunate if the military f orce which was sent to awe the Mormons into good behaviour should be compeLed to stop short of its destination until some definite plan of dealing with them has been determined upon b the Government. But such a consideration as this should not exonerate the War Department from the censure to which it is so jnstly entitled . If an army of 1,500 men cannot be sent in midsummer to the centre of onr own territory without the loss of more than one-third of its number by desertion, it arguesvery badly for the proper organination of the chief arm of our military defenoe.-New York Times. EL,ETorN ExPE.Nsxs.-'jhe expenses of the last election at Knaresborough have been published by Mr. Samuel Powell,m.,the auditor. It appears the bill-of Mr. Basil Woodd amounted to 102f. 8s. lOd., and that of Mr. Thomas Collina to 3SL. Ss. 3d. The expenses of Mr. Robert Campbell, the unsuccessful candidate, wore 401. 1ls.
MILITARY AND NA PAL INTELLIGBNOE. The companies of Royal E g nIers It I b head.quarters, Chathamn h1',ve been greatly strongthened by the arzival wit)4tho- fo .a 1 tho past few days of a numbor of dethmcD'.a for tho purpose of augmonting the companie; Ord,ed out to India. Tho 4tb, 10th, 11th, and 21st cornpanies are ready to ombark at a moment's notceo. They wil be provided with overy description of sapping rnd mining tools, batteries, photographic apparatus, and every other req ulsite for this branch of the rervice. A large nu mber of the Sappors and Minors proceeding to India, wero employed in tbo Crimea and took pnrt in the destr do. tion of tbo grent dooks at Sobastopol. Tho whole of tihe non-commissioned officers and mon ordered to embark have been medically inapected, in order that none but troops in sound constitution may procecd to India. Colonel Henry John Savago, Commanding Royal Engi. noor at Chatham, having been appointed Commanliug Royal Enginoer at Gibraltar, vicc Colonel W. C. Ward, his been succeeded at Chatham by Colonel W. Biddloooezili Marlow, R.E. Since thc recont arrival of the large numbor of roruits for the various East Indian depota at Chatham garrison considerable exertions have been made by the autihoritiea at tho Provision al Battalion to have tho whole of theli instructod in the use of the Enfield rifle, ordors having boen given that evory man before pronounced fit for embarcation for India must havo undergone a courso of instruction in that weapon. Yesterday morning tho dep6ts of tho 73d and 77th lItogimonte left the camp at Colchestor, whore thoy had boon quartered for some months, for lortsiiouth, on tho way to Jersey. Tho 7,'d, comprising 170 non-commiFsioned offioor5 and mon, were under tho command of Captain Benny, tho other officers with tho depOts consisting of Captaii WVilliais, Lieutenant Mackonzio, Ensigns Bayloy, l'iggott, Sharpe, Warren, and Clarke. Tho 77th, under tlo coinmand of Brevet Lioutenant-Colonol H1. It. Carden, consistedi of 110 men, and the following offceors :-Captain ling, Lieutenants Armstrong and Dooley, Ensigns Jordan, l)avids, Jackson, and Bridges. Tho Bth Dragoon Guards left Aldorabott ou Saturday for Brighton. The greatest activity prevails in tho Royal Laboratory Dopartment, Woolwich, in preparing tho elongated p'luggod bullet for tho East India Company's service. Ono million of these newly-invented bullets were forwarded from Wool. wich to the docks for transport to J3engal; and two nmiUlons of the same species, packed in cases containing 2,000 each, wero yesterday shipped for Bombay, togethor with shot, shell, and Ammunition, for the troops already embarkod. Tho llydaspes lies off the Royal Arsenal Pier in readiness o embark the troops under orders for Calcutta, The embarceation, however, according to present orders, will not take plaeo before Thursday. A couple of cast-iron guns, a portion of the trophies from the latelRussian war, were yesterday forwarded from Woolwich Arsenal, by order of Lerd Panmure, for presentation to the city of ECeter. The length of each gun is 8ft. 5in., and the relative weight is 58cwt. 2qr. and 57ewt. 2qr. The naval transport Diligence, having discharged her cargo of returned war stores from Gibraltar, is ordered to be docked and overhauled. The screw steamvessel Rifleman, 8, late from the southeast coast of America, having been dismantled, was yesterday paid off at Woolwich. She is ordered to be stripped of her engines, which require new framework, and wiU be docked to go through a complete overhauL The numbor of recruits sent to head-quarters, Woolwich, rom the Artillery detachments stationtd in various outquarters shows that the gap created in that force by the recent despatch to India will be speedily filled up. Darin the month of August the number of recruits admitted at Woolwich is stated to be about 800, and during the past week 150 were recruited at Woolwich alone, the majority of whom were growing young men, fiom the age of 18 to 20. The Royal Dragoons have given 24 volunteers to the 7th Drngoon Guards, about to embark for India; and the Scots Grays 21. The 13th Light Dragoons have given 20 volun. teers to the 17th Lancers, also under orders for India. The 3d Light Dragoons, at Newbridge, under Colonel Unett, are held in readiness at short notieo to rmarch early this week to Dundalk, there to relieve the 8th (Royal Iribh) Hussars. One troop is stationed in Belfast, and another is quartered in Cork Barracks. The 8th Royal Irish lussars, Dnndalk, under Lieutenant. Colonel De Sills, are held in readiness at short notice to march for Newbridge, to replace the 3d Light Dragoons, and uceupy the barrack there till ordered to Dublin to pre. pare to embark for India. Strength-25 officers, 500 non. commissioned offrcers, trumpeters, farriers, and rank and file, 50 officers' chargers, and 350 troophorses. THE MILITIA. The Royal Barks Militia is ordered for embodiment. The regimont is to assemble in the Forbury, at Reading, on Thursday, October 1. The Royal South Glocestershire Mlitia is to assemble in the course of the present month. Any of the men wishing to re-enrol will be accepted. The annual training bounty for 1857 WiM be issuned to all the men belonging toand present with the regiment at Its disembodiment on June 12 1856. The King's Own (Staffordshire) Regiment of MEiitia, commanded by the Hon. E. R. Littleton, is to assemble for embodied service at the militia store barracks, Stafford, on the 28th inst. It is supposed that the regiment will go to the garrison at Devonport. The 4th Duke of Lancaster's Own Royal Militia are ordered to assemble for embodiment on the 22d inst. The Royal Wiltshire Militia will assemble for embodiment at Devizes on the 1st of October. The East Kent Militia has received the Lord-Lieutenant's order to assemble at Canterbury for embodied service on the 15th of October. The following militia regiments are ordered to be embodied in Ireland, vif.:-Antrim Rifles, at Belfast, on Sept. 24; North Cork Rifles, at Mallow, on the 15th cf September; Limerick County, at Limerick, on the 14th of September; Roscommon, at Roscommon, on the 1st of October; Waterford Artillery, at Waterford, on the 19th of September, and to proceed to Duncannon Fort immediately aftervrards; Dublin City Militia, at Dublin, on the 1st of October, and to occupy the Linen-hal Barracks.
PROMO TION IDV THE MILITI,. TO THE EDITOR OF TLE3 TIMES. Sir,-You will, I am sure, with your usual spirit of fair. ness, give me a smail space in your columns to correcb some mistatements in a letter signed by " An Old Soldier " -no doubt unintentional on his part, and arising from his apparent ignorance of the real facts, but very apt to mislead your readers. His object seems to be to point out ths injustice of not promoting old Lino officers who have joined the Militia. He has, however, been unfortunate in the selection of a case. It is quite true that a Lieutenant. Colonel who was a few years before in a very distinguished Line Corps, did join the - Miltia, but as junior Major. Upon the L1mented death of the noble Colonel, the command of the regim ent devolved upon the senior Major, a gentleman who had been in the corps upwards of 20 years, and who had the whole and sole command for more than six months pending the appointment of the new commanding officer; during which time the regiment was twice inspected, and highly eulogized by the General, and therefore the credit of maintaining the discipline, so ably begun by the poor Colonel, is in a great measure due to him. Although folly appreciating the merits of the Lieutenant. Colonel, I cannot help feeling that it would have been a much more " flagrant instanoe of injustice " to have given the junior his " stop " over the head of this old and deserving off;^er. Again, he says, " In the same regiment a AMajor resigns, and two Captains-one of 13 years' service, and the other of 9-are 'topped' by the junior regimental Captain." Very true. But the " Old Soldier " has omitted to mention a very important fact-that this junior Captain had seen as much service as either of the others, besides having the advantage of coming fresh from his regiment, after passing the whole of his life in active service in India. Since calling out the regiment in 1852 four Majorities have become vacant. In each case they have been filled by officers of the Line passing over the heads of officers who had served in the regiment ever since its formation in that year. From the above facts the injustice would seem to be on the other side, for surely men who have devoted three years to the good of the service, and done their utmost to promote volunteering into the Line, deserve some recognition of their services. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. 4ER. QCeMar, jep;. £4
PAIXF1J OATA8TRoPBE.-....The tidings reaclied Edinburgh on SuLnday of a very afflicting casualty ha in takenx place at DunbaLr the previous afternoon, whereby Mr. Williamn Wilson, of London, and three of his faLmily lost their lives. Thel family had recently come from London t.3 enjoy few weeks' sea bathing, and several of them were oa the bec on Satarday afternoon. Two of the youngest, it is said, went in to bathe, when the rough sea becoming too muich for them they were in danger of being drowned, wheix the father and eldest brother rushed in after them; but ill of thm peishe in he wves,The istracted moth er, too,
THFE DCXASE oF GRotus.-The gradual decrease Of muirfowl on our Scottish hills is every year beoomine more evident and like its brother, the woodgrouse, it vif before long become extinct unless measures be taken to preserve the species. The grouse, a native of, and peculiar to the British isles, recoding before the progress of agricultural improvement, are now only to be found in anytbing like tneir former numbers in remote district%, where access and accommodation for sportsmen are restricted or wantin. The sportsman, without assigning any limit to bis work of destruction, commences operations on the 12th, and generaly kills most of tho young birdsx and leavos the oId ones to die in the approach of winter, generaLy from a disease of the liver. Large quantities of old birds arm fonud dead on our southern we refer to Selkir} and Peeblesshire) In the mon.hs of October and November Many of these, doubtless, have been wounded birds, and consequently have died of starvation; but we havo froquently made an examination of some of these found dead, and an enlargement of the Lver was almost invariably the oaue. Agrioultural improvements, such as the dr i ' of hil land for pasture and the burning of heather, a .1[ hatening the already rapld derease of muirfowL It sportsmen would give this species of game a rest onee in every foar seasons, end thus allow more young birds to breed, we doubt not buet that the species would become as numerous as they were 10 or 12 yoars ago.-Edinburgh The rectory of Newbury, which became vacant three months since by the death of the Rev. Dr. Binney, has been coLferredbythe Bishop, of Oxford on the * Rev. James Leslie Randall, M.AL, Fellow of New CoUege, Oxford, a Eon of the archdeacon of Berkshire.
ME LATB MURDER AT LEIGH WOOD,% BVEAR 0LrFTON. After the despatc of our correspondent's parcel on Sunday evening the pocket which had been out from the drees of the deoeared woman was found thrown over a walU in the park of Mr. J. IL GrevlUle Snmytb, ,f Asht3n. There wits nothing in it but a stone, Somne additional light has betn thr,5wnon, tho ta+.ererit -ade by Mrs. Bowdel, wbh3.,t appard in 2lVhe 2Ymf yesterday, It has been ustartaine tiat aL vessel named the Express is due from Qaebec at Appledore, but the name of the captain does not correspond with the initials, "iC p.,n found on the linen of tbe deceased being Johaussen. The city police hAve also ascertained ttat a woman answering the description of the deceased, accompanied by a young sailor, arrived in Bristol on Thursday night by the midnight train from the north, and that they lodged for tho night at the Bacchus tavern, near the railway station. They left early the next morning, and bave not sinoe returned. Mr. Peters, the shipping master of Bristol states that a sailor came to his office on Saturday and offered to ship on board a vessel for which a crew was making up. Finding thathe had no discharge, Mr. Peters refused to take the man, but he remained in the ofrace, and seemed very anxious to bo engaged. When the crew had been completed, with the exception of one man, this silor again came forward and volunteeredto serve without the usual advance. On theEs terms, which are said to be almost without precedent, the services of the man were accepted, and be was shipped. The vessel, however, has not yet left the port, so that the man can be readily produced if necessary. Yesterday a photograph of the deceased vm taken. in the hope that it may assit in her identification; but, having been deferred so long, it is hardly likely to be of much service, tho features being greatly discolonred and disflgnred. The inquest commenced yesterday afternoon before Mr. Bruges Fry, who, in opening the proceedings, complained of the dilatory process adopted by the police in forwarding him information of theoccurrence. He hoped that on any similar oecsion the overseer of the parish or the police would do him the favour to forward a special messenger instead of sendtDg on the information from hand to hand, by which, alsiLn tits instane the new;s of the event did not reach him till the middle of saturday, and had prevented him from commencing the inquiry before to-day. viewed the body, the following evidenoc George Wort, gamekeeper to Mr. Wiliam Miles, MP., said, -On Friday last 1 was going my roands in Leighwoods, aud found the body of a womant about 30 years of age, quite dead, This ws about a ouarter to 5 o'clock in th afternoon. I had passed the spoi the day before between 9 and 11 o'clock in the morning, and am positive the body was not there at that tine. The bod7 now lying at this house is the ore I discovered in Leigh-wood& My attention was first attracted by seeing some blood on the ground, which had been partially covered over with dirt. I then saw a handkerchief near the spot, which was dyed in blood. (ThehandkerchiefproducedbyMr. Superintandent J ones had been wbased b him, and bore the initials" C. P.") I cannot say that this is the same handkerchief. I left the one I found in the coach-house, where the body of the deceased was first taken. I did not see the police-officer take possession of it. I looked over the ground and saw fingermarksl, as though some person had gathered up the earth with which to cover up the blood. I then thought there had been foul play, and on further searching I noticed footmarks with a broad heel, bu' no na;ls, near the spot They were evidently those of a man On looking over the rock, having suspicion that some one had been murdered, I saw the body of the deceased lying on her back in the quarry below. I ran away frightened as soon as I saw it. I went and told James Sage, a marn who lived near, what I had seen, and then communicated with Mr. Jones, superintendent of the Aahton police. I went back with him and pointed out the body to him. rhis ws about balf-past 7 in the evening. I should think the body bad not been killed that day. I should say she had not been dead more than 24 hours. The body was lying down about 12 feet under the rock. When I saw it the second time there were " flyblows" in the eyes and nostrils. The throat had been cut. The hands were cold and stiff. After the body had been got I noticed a hole on the right side of the head, which appeared to me to have been made by a bullet. I assisted in conveying the body to the Rounham nn, where it was taken charge of, with the handkerchief and boots of deceased, by the police. I took off the boots. The body was lying quite straight, and the clothes were not disordered at all. I did not hear the report of a pistol that evening. Thehairof deceased was dishevelld. The handkerchief was saturated with coagulated blood. I did not see any bonnet, shawl, mantle, or cap near the body, and have not succeeded in finding any since. The boots were removed to see if they corresponded with the marks, bht they did not. By a Jnror.-There ware no rings on either of the fingers. There was a Itttle blood on them. Edward Jones, superintendent of the Ashton police, deposed to the receipt of intelligence from the last witness about the time stated by him on Friday evening, and to the subsequent finding and removal of the body. He also confirmed the evidence of Wort as to the state of the body and the appearance of the gronnd near the spot. In the opinion of this witne3s the body was not either stiff or quite cold when he first saw it, and on its being lifted up a quantity of blood 'lowed from Ithe wound in the neck, and some of the blood on the arms and sleeves of the dress was still wet. The witness identified the handkerchief and boots as those of the deceased, the former vw marked with the initials " O P " in red cotton; and on examiing the body after the h;ndkerchief had been washed the stockings, flannel, and chemise of the deceaed were found to be marked with the same initials. On Saturday morning the body was seen by Mr. Lucas, surgeon, of Long Ashton. Witness continued.-When I first saw the body I noticed that a portion of the pocket of the deceased's dress had been cut out, and the upper part of the pocket was hanging outside the dress. I produce a portion of a pocket containing a stone, which was found by one of 11r. Smyth's keepers yesterday evening. I have compared this pieoe with he portion of tho pocket which remsins on the deceaseds dress, and find it corresponds exactly. On Saturday morning, between U and I went again to the spot where the body was found, and on further examination I discovered marks of blood on the bushes which grow on the edge of the precipice beneath which the body was found, and also on somo stones. There was a dint or mark in the soil below, which I have no doubt was caused by the head of the deceased in falling over. In my opinion, the body was rolled down tho precipice, and afterwards laid out as it ws found. A search was made in the woods, but I found no knife, pistol, or other weapon, nor any articles of female dress. The first time I notioed any "flyblows" alive on the body was yesterday morning, about 9 o'clock. Thomas Fry, gamekeeper to Mr. J. EL J. Smyth, of Ashton-court, deposed to finding the portion of tho pocket, with a stone in it, in the oourse of yesterday at the top of Rownham-hill on the park side, under the park walL It appeared to have been flung over the wall from the road into the park. Ee gave the pocket to Sergeant Drewitt, of the Ashton police. The place where the pocket was found was in the road to Bristol from the place where the body was found. Mr. Rudd Lucas, surgeon, of Long Ashton.-On Saturday morming I made an external examination of the wounds on the deceased, and found the appearances of a large incised wound across the throat about sax inches in length and from two to three inches in depth. The large vessels on the left side of the neck, I believe, were no' divided. The upper part of the windpipe was completely severed. The external carotid artery on the right side was divided as well as the internal carotid artery. and the gullet was also wounded on the right side. I noticed a wound on the right temple, apparently produced by a bullet. There was likewise a depression of the bones of the head above the right ear and a bruise or graze on the outer angle of the right eye. The right eyelid presented the appearance of thoebruise commonlyealled "a black eye." The cut in tho throat must havo been made with a sharp instrument, such as a knife or razor; the hole in the temple was apparently caused by a bullet. The body has not been stripped, and a postmo-rtcm examination would in aU probability discover the bulet, as there was no corresponding exit. I have no doubt that death resulted from theso injuries which I observed, and that it is hardly possible the deceased could have inflicted those injuries upon berself. By Mr. Gould chief of police.-I shonld say that doceased had been dead aiQout two days when I first saw the body, on Saturday morning. The black eye was of recent date, and I believe was produoed either by the buUet or by the body being thrown down the ciff immediately after death. I think the depression also was preduced by the fall. I am of opinon that the throat hd en cut twice, because the line of the incision in the skin divides into two just at the right extremity of the incision. Many of the muscles on the side and front of the throat had the appearance of having been gnawed away by some animal with small teeth, such as a stoat or rat. By a .Turor.-The throat was cat from the left to the right, and both cuts were in the same direction, and from be ow vnwars The COrOner then directed Mr. Lucss to makeo a poSt mo-tma exaamination of the body. Mr. Gould then stated that he had just received Information which led himn to believe that the production of any fnuther evidence would be likely to defeat the ends of justice, and therefore he asked for an adjournment of the inquest. The inquiry was accordingly adjourned tiUl Saturday next.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I shall be obligd by your inserting this correction of an unfortunate misprint in my letter given in The Times of this day:-Instead of "No one should remain tutor more than three years," read, " No one should remain tutor more thann twenty-Iirc yoeae." I am. Sir, yours obeaientlv. A FELT.TOW (O A lOT.T.PrV Canmbrdge, Sept. 12.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TjMES. Sir,-Allow me to thank you for the service you have rendered to the pubUo by giving world-wido circulation to tho remarks of Brigadier-General J. Jacob on the Bongal army, c In your observations on this paper you express some surprise that the autbor should not have mentioned the absence of European offloers from the native regiments, on staff Appointments, &o. It has doubtless escaped your recollection that a few years ago Brigadier-General (then Major) Jacob published a small pamphlet, the substance of which appeared in your column, at the time in the form of a letter from the author, in whioh the subject of the mode of organizing and officering the native army of India is fully entered into. This pamphlet was entitled Remanr on the ZWatire Troops of thc Indian Army. It bas recently been reprinted, togsther with other kindred matter of great interest, under the title of Tracts on the Nat ive Army of India; its Oryanizion. and Disciplinc, and cannot fail of being read with advantage at the present time. I enclose my card, and have the honour to bo, bir, your obedient servant, x. y. Sept. 12.
THE SCHOOL OF A1MS IN EDINBURGH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -I have read in your paper of this day your remark4 on the speech of Lord Broug m at the Kechanics InatIt tion at Maenhester, and ,m both the xpmeh and the remake 0o0Ijh an leikportnt hliorfcal error, I Jo not doubt thalf when it is pointed oat to yoi on sufcient evidenoe you will very readily make public' the stitement I nolw offer. Yot sate that, 35 years ago, Lord Brougham and Dr. Birkboolt founded mechanics' institutes. This is an entire mistake, into which you have doubtlets been led by pasages In his lordshio'sspeech. The honouarof fLntmakingphysical sienoe, or rather, I should rsy, chymistry and natural philosoohy ccessible to workig men belongs to the late Dr. Anterson, of Glasgow, who aearly70 ears ago founded a kVnd of college there, which alter hix death recoived the name of the Anderson Institution. It stiU ubgis under the more ambitious title of Anderson's University. In this institution there was a mechanics' class, and, If my memory does not mrislead me, it was taught by Dr. Gzarett, who after. wards lectured at the Royal Institution in Albemarlestreet. On his leaving the late Dr. Birkbeck who had recently taken his degroe of M.D. at Edinburgh, Wa &p. pointed his succewsor, and carried on the mechanics' cbss for a longtime in a most admirable manner, greatly extending its usefulnes. This murt ha.e been towards the close of the last century. Strange to say, so admirable and ro successful an example was not followod in any place, so far as I know, for many yearn. In the year 18o1 Mr# Leonard Homer, then resident in Edinburgh, suggested the, founding of the School of Arts, following, as he statel in the first report of that institution in 1822, the excellent examplo set by Glasgow. He oommunicated his scheme to his friends, Sir David Brewster, Profesor PiliLs, and some others, including the late eiunent watchmaker, Mr. Bryson; it met with thelr hearty approval, waR well ro. ceived by the public of EAdinburgh, by whose sub., scriptions it was to be carried into execution, and the foundation was annoonced to the working meo of Edinburgh under the title of "The School of Arts, for the instruction of meohanics in those brAnches of physical science which are of practical application ia their several trades." The school was openod in October, 1821, able lecturers on chymistry, mathematic, and natu. ral philosophy having been appointed, and a library was established, then restricted to works to be lent out to the students to aid then in the subjects taught by the lecturera. According to my recollection more than 400 student,j entered. The following year the first report of the directors was publisbod. A notico of this report having appeared in an American newspaper, one evening, at the mechanics' clas in the Anderson Institution in Glaegow, a person present noticed the statement in the American norae, com. plained that Edinburgh had got a crtdit which on o t Glasgow, and that thoy should do something to vindicate their prior claim. The lattersuggestionwa approved, but great differences of opinion arose as to the wayby which this should be done. One of the proposals made war that a subscription should be entered into to et a portral of Dr. Birkbeck, to be hung up n the mechanics' class. So great, however, wan the difference between the authori. ties of the Anderson Institution and a !large body of the stD. dents, that the minority, being very numerous, came to the resolution of having a school of their own, and the; called it the Mechanics Institution. The iproceedings o. course soon became known to Dr. Birkbeck, and very soon after. wards the London Mechanics Institution in Southampton. uildings, Chancery-lane, was founded, and I do not doubt that Lord Brougham, anintimate friend of Dr. Birkbeck, gave ithis zealous and powerful support. Such a move. merit in the muetropolis was sure to excite attention thronch. out the land, and very teen numerous mechanics' lnstiett tions w ere founded. The School of Arts at Edinburgh continues in fall se. tivity, and has now existed with steady success for 36 years nearly, the average number of students in each year dnring that time having amounted, I believe, to about 450. It has kept to the object for which it ws5 founded. There are continuous lecture3 from October to April In the evening on fivo days of every week. In the summer months there are classes for mechanical drawing and modelling. Its aue cess is to be ascribed to its being a school of effective teach. ing, to accomplsh which all the disposable time of the stu. dents is required. There is another cause for its success, that the students have nothing to do with the manbgement. It is in the hands of a small number of educated persons, chosen annually from among the sustcribers, including some master meohanics. A commodity believed to be in demand, good in quality, is offered for sale, and those who want it can purchase it at a moderate price; and it no more concerns the students how the oommodity is brought forward than how the hatter or the shoemaker get up the articles they deal in. I send you a copy of the last report of tho directors, and for further information I beg to refer You to, First Report of the Department of Science and Art, 1854, Appendix L-p. 385 to 397. - - - I am, Sir, your obedient servant. CIVIS EDINENSIS. Loncion, sept. IL
SALES BY AUCTION. This Day.-Caroden-strePt. Oakley-square, Camaden-town.-VerY su- perior modern Household Furniture, by eddon andc Wilkinson, including an eight-fset caPital Spanish Mahogar,y Bookcase set of excellent Telescope DlinlgTable,, Pianoforte, Paintings, Bngravings, China, Glass, Books, and Efleota. R. B.AMlAtRs has r.sceived instructions to SELL by AtOTION, on the Pren,lsr-s, 6, Camden-street, Oalkley-iquare, Camden-town, TqIlS DAY, 8ept. i5, at 12 the veary superiorYrURNI. `1 URE, priniraily rmaLufactured by Mesests. Seddon and WVililnsoon comprising mabogavy and Iron tedoteads and haugings, hair mattresses, houia ad bedding, chetls of drawers. capital wardrobes, marble-lop and other wash-aitnds, dresing-glasses, &c., drawing and dining room suites, Including couchts, easy and occaseonal ebaire, chimney-glases, a ti-ctave hotizontal 6rand pianoforte by Brcadwood, capital set of dining tables, an eight-feet Spani- h mahogany bookease, sets of chairs, Br;ssels carpet, fendern and hiro-irouns, a few cbo}ce paintings by old mnastes, ans proof engravings. ornamental items, 2eo vols. of hooks, eervices of china and glass, kitchen ua.d culinary utensils, and effects. Ou view, and catalogues obtained on the promises and at Mr. MArsa.3 ,.lices. Ch.sb,trse-ros, 3itausiour-house. Now on View.-Vrbl'able Effects, No. 27, Dover-etreet, PiccadiUy. h! B. ELG O OD will SELL, on Thursday and Friday £1. next, at 1t for 12 prerisely (the residence having been disposed nfl, the handEome and exceUeLt U It ITURE of the usnaial descriptlon, and A vaziets ef elegant Parislan cabinets, tanles, ae, In rosewcod, bhzol. marqueterie, ec., mantel clocks and candelabra. 500 yol, o. books, a pair of tine oll pen aLxd ins5 etchings of thebDunseldorl gaUery and 50 pri.td and pictures, a gold snuff-box mnounted with bhriWats, and handeome jewel ery, 350 oz:. of plate, including an slegant desserl set from Storr and itorrimer's, capital plated articles, elegant ornanmental item.s in obinr. bronze, or nuln, &c.. bed and table Dnen haud. Eom oserrices of china and glads, miscellanies, domeeticrequisftes, and various effects. May be viewed tvo lays prior, and eataiogues had o .Mr. Egoo,i PS, Wimqpele-streer. Isle of Wight, Ventnor, in the Underchff.-Six Superior Dweling- houses and Buildsug Laud, MP. P1TER BROAD, in conjunction with Mr. M SNI L'ITTIS, wi,l SELIL by AUCTION, at the Marine Hotel, it, Voutuior, on Tuesday lbs 25th of September. at 3 In the afternoon, is, Iota, the valuable PR6I'RTY, known as Dlevonehlae-terrace, beaultIfully situate in the much-adisired part of the Isle of Wfght, Ventror Underchf,. and commanding most extensive views of the sea and surrounding ccunrry. The property oomprises six villa residenees, ofa superior stasi, in pitrs, semi-detached, and eubstantlilly buiilt of stone, with plesouro greund in fror t and at ttie basic of each house. sewin he ccuatin f Rbes Mose,ffep,Mrs. Wadstworth, and Ms.w Aod als o^ lots fofulldbitg landodre eg4arden ground, waited In l usapply to r. thoe.is y Ventuoor. ParUtlcteeSam may also be obtained of Poulitry, London: o. ofr Franis Pitis, NUewpsD;t arnrd Ventor.Bod Chear-park, Oheam, Surry. INIESSRS. BLAKE wiil SELL by AUCTION, on thPernses.on Friday, September 25.at12i, aUCOLLEr,Iand of EXOTIC 4lltRORDS, Azaleas, and Camelliss, including sereral prilze plants, a barouclj phaeton, four-wheel basket chaise, llght spring cart, haYMkling naclae,e two stack clothes with poles, carte, woegons, !otogl's. harrow,, lapders, ick of prime ineadow hay (th grotth of 186), three powerful drrauht horses. e. May be viewAthe daybefore 4he sale, and catalogues had at the eutrance lodge to Cheam park; at the inonsIn this neighborhshcd at Oras wayn, Cofee-hous%e Changealley ; and of lessrs. Illakc. Croydon. This Day.-186, Piccadilly -7 ' sy Sale To-morrow. MRf . W. A. OAKLEY'8sAL THIS DAY corn-' priceE gas and other bracke ookmuroPlr, chandeliers, hail lanterns, oil lamps, ertndazd, vaees, pat& e3n moderatettn as d India i lamps, gaseliers, chandeliers, candlesticks, gtod assortment of'tgas, sperm and other caud!e-.and unumerouis other etfects.-S, Regenit-street. 70ourth -periodical ~dale,-To Gentlemen Archtcs ules ad scap Gadenrs,and otes R. LEREWifiv re with instrxictiortafrom the Directors of the Patrnt Siiieouss Stone Comnqny to BELL by AUCTION, at the Show (looms, Whitchall-.wbarf, anonmrw. West-. minster. THIIS DAY (Tuesday). Sontember the 16th at 11 for 15 n'clock, a most valuable ASSORTMEN~T of ARTICL5ES manufac- ture ofItasomes Ipershale elicousstoe, opiigciny Donipact M:AUfctur1O9 PrR(i11reS. erected for Saw Muis,-18, Albany. 319--ISR. F ULLE and HOREY are nstra~ctd km,ei~s1II uthPrsnles,asaboe, heLEASE of the corn. Pac~ EMSff, erct-d fr araw ill bu sutable for any smallI 4skt,wthgtews ~.y ranc1an at 1I cofotabl wailyOu rwelllng.hsns T'1"sh g1ARdin ed on lehe fo 18 years at 16 per annum. Etoi heal fraew, til the moaldin Particularso mar bela had oen thereiag nd ofe _FSSRS. F U LLE andl HORSjE are instucted to Ss,L by AUOT''.N on the Frem.isea Heo eIS, uy.~Rl,i NYteo-orrowd, on Teumbar . Ifat11I lots twithout e, the om inAous4ltYo h SA'U ALUIN ond XrUL)I - ILews, A1sog Ideal pirse,Ilt auned ms-lingh auhne, tloor c'erls~crupar g aes lage area an euresteamtal eroited st0orse rowera, iren foundryyrd boiur brick-dge, dhafting,hdrums. sNrap. caito, b2l. Rrbz's, gatewayentrande eucts alsoe thoVgnteela thueholdfuutmbee Ars wthe sekittldesritound, otitate no. fort, hchine-gtrart, rh4t of leahefornyn tearms,o yieoards catveryflo. rultu, &.Tobtoviewed oi tbeae. laprievious tob hdothe sa I hnsate soy, 1i1-isr-r-etrdet Fdar..C. raadBa,BiUe-tre,dy TopiMeorfetul rMasers. FoWaterloo-road e l~ESSRS. FULE,an HaORSEY are SELtLcby INIA.toTELL b AUTon onthe Premise s. Heret'abuert'~Waerhoolitg \'trloa,on-hrdad, o Thrly-eptember 17. nolwn daty1, It two eoacda, thin lotd itneMAutArC*It7G PbRvlube TOOSE.,o ard eis AsH,NR loth end toL. mAsber, ritaterin Hestroxsbuslines.tgetherwith-,j the pargecialortment of whichs Thaeembeenneryce whincl18emones T1inheycromaris loft nd slfiphg gurudfaloorlacthres, ollcup8ing aBageaeaok and ebTanettal4y eroe sore Vrioos Ieriton frounry yad tour binck-bontrs lhoot knden as the Pg. berk'seArme 'dt skitte grouef tnd, stuate seo, 18.tWorr-etreet: naholdesn Flf-aetfnr drloing temaof year lat vepy lo2 resr. Towber vsiewedting ethesal-uie. andlboler,a hebbad.onithepreoatablee: oftMesmsrs.n Lawenc. 6ewand and Rompoer. 0 folictr, Old.fteesgy riggmers: bauds 01 veser oierd wod. bencesy, oiser-streaoet, cityds ton fnir-eetr Gss. smith'san tool tarers Founders,t and. othears.ee 2,0 SRfee wrugh LLERutb,"g.tp and dOS ies. SEn L bte ytos iIL AUCTON, on he Premies vererts.D-bu bldge waerloo-g ran. o Thrsdy, eptmbe 1, ad fliowinoda,oaw1 Seahedm,eI Qr LAH. whoife ItrestsrInym busIness. together with thelrg aIsortmntipIsi of 2t,3sr13nI. Theracery icues oene. 11-inh payrblcutting tahe. liifeetf boted, onaed5 nel-at ingrtedamr, 'Wto cuIt5iches anud nee eif-atho entIrfaie lathce,frLia all byonush eaoci,-5, and hanneti, 4 alsact,r of. v atinfadsriptio ns, ofroM 5 tob10inc cenres, actng plani gngs 18achinens. ef-cingndrielligmchnRled ap2 huswier, oscillD.tihg brdeamreiead bellerre, wtbJ hree hdghapre ofrs asie s"Ieameginee sttof S. 6 s ro ono, and 20 os oe, 0 et hftinm rirgerstond-12) vIes, ed wOrk. benhes ocrt,agondono, Lloydzow fant. 16ve atons ulass, smeithslytools,hee oftensiat carondtsharctee, 2,0 FTest X wruh Irentbig tockf weltapberand.dis pandstkee toold, ratchedtbraes, forabe aIritubenches cand vies, sefn ortabl resgidn6 mnachiny e,ane,y ouneton rodmand brirng bokesiv andefal, cothntinguesque untting gons, utoherredfe wto beriviewe onk benesda, pLr,'n visien toreth trIe,hnctlges.Asra may hter boad tuon the powremises af of Moesrt.Fule and I-terse,.h ldvautige o-st,ee, city.anbrcert MsiddeInxterostin £2,111from Sti Cnses, wshou Poicwy befwInsuac and Beud apo st-By Messrs. COBB, atte at, th-Morro, Septembe 16 To-o w u12.rIi a 2 u8ee os lTIE Lif valubleRstindte ncae Buining Sitom azhe balt princia fu vofu£ite1 nlI,bburod. Three perzo acent.fromLons,daybl during e the lifeiofagntlemn thed Winaeot birthay,an withn a5 mlesyof LnornceIon thmpKent D~lifer sill, fa we11. and bonusiof £o1n annudal praemu £10 t, villag Portihsrdniars may sc hadb atithe17acres ofJ.H gardh,en, plaue goul:bv I.Autifea andwltibrd pdofckssrs aob smalr Reyd adelnde agits.ire fIS.Lncoln'smannlelHose,wt bn.n akloe ccuwled , Sdslx,onte phtorde; of caita urrde, Sitehina short distance ofa luntda1 re. oArailway Ladads.tatt, 0mie fo wondt n andab 20 fromtgeo theroadtoHapton-Ey l also,~C1B at thre br arbt,t LRout, wthomomolet Seinpt.o16sats1 lrdeapent o,ly disposedn 3Or.2pf byaprivate cotchractl,o FtawelY-mor.IX 1a Acres7 of exell-ntambered paklikand,adoznth Inroverty ohealth broumtly, commandin eotensv vImewsdiath pirtr-n mthe foes arranees. APnartofls water plews,myb throughtheloner arto Sthie oery audWitnhasra the Maiva.sg of tne,rr srend anodforicleand C-iholplans.l moay 6e LOboolned ofr. Oskanden at thers C eob,arge nn, anf lessrs aiCobb8.eurveylnnira ad an aent,1.LnonWiuOl &lltdlrex tw mies romStanes abut idwyebt-wdee,n Wrindsor, and Hmpto Cout.ly Mesrs. OBB.at Rel Mart Mlendo, To-morrow, Ss'stsmber 15. at 12.tin sevenwlots Midde-ex ved urre eidncs oudngSthe, Bandso the Occup.atioid,I the arihe of ADhoruci.ndgia Rntalla being nea th NStino h inso Railwa and witLL 1byAieso LondON. coptsn accesfodh, Oanweallebuil Cornsill. en auemode, rovte sCale, s In the ilaeo hfolldin nearuathe chRch,awit 17 ares o garden-,DtpleAsure ctouds Farndwll timbeced psituteonkse ba smalle Rhel dhaens,wihS at rso lemDndack emaidleHous, with chopand bo.sakebung, oped stol, ther aos-fm:e an capimlal Buildigesilpodin the villae,rwth incu protir2. w aiallFedsiadense,wand p eautiuplaure lad otiig So. r.a22d axtndIaesy kiofbra.n Loodn and pladdc.utatlugsonwthevaluablefrotage o inthe road lato Lo Hampton-wlo lrebick-boTedigtHous e,wth atomoslete farnmpeiss recentlyo ereucted, anicaIagr the. aofcapital orcarden,&On leSt onwei-mor and uO. Lr. 4. of Buerreen arbop land,Poie Padonn the- propert sIj ,,. Hi"at'broat Es" aonwikrduothers, Im edinn.atpsesind maybe, arraeed. P-hartciarwith planhos, may the head tuato itheinnsba Ssineet h candpindsor atret tosw; of Messrs. FThrtere,togdethdr and Cholmeler, aolIntor T,hincln'-nandta of Iesmrs. Cobb, thurcrasror mnd lan may ema.in. lnosx'e-ortgage.lasels eedb.erisono b lcitor,9 1 Blo sbrecirely, Ble mAblty-qareof ath Ge' w Muls, n afM..C Sevt Roam If, Kinz -sreet. Covetcrentgre. o rdy on heoCEy. voyage Pmies, and tre avos, beO viewedte ToMiddle.Septandl16r, y-atul 'Afr1FydreeoidPopety on the FXensOr of'b the Themdo , baycot amton-ick7 lands groingstn croducfimngoIa wrentl ofd tu50rerab annufm. es.awredeemeaald.reEm.sdnmru ote SfetL The friue ma is viretedton SheL moibo alC- Tavern, Arhat rraw ands Changel-alley CourbiCataonguesdmay,b hept 22, ath1 premisese in livte lots, lnuenltes previgouslyoddepoandof b ThMesr. n at dCameron-wck laiddlgense with ceoah-hOlde Broabdng pleasure and kSt.heA gbardes, docadatgehraotI ce Betasordsh per s :an aeal otge,poucn 2r ian-th erxseselvfkithengare anadock, anuttingon the Tae.iot letntlo0pe Sationo, outh 4,eA oeter'ShpaiPesss and Cothir lot5.abideso Tlnisd-hysepwthemal-huer in the rear, 3 ituatocin the higEhmstreetdofath capiatal4maretsow of vr prings v aleanpatheret aoeto etL of0 er2nnu. Terland-taxIshedemd Halfv eathselpurchasy monuaey,maybreming on). h mortgage,rMay beviwedn bypehImin an odfthe feseramltents till Hthebsal, andpaticulars,m withforplanshaid dayess varioe r of utr.gee rmo eDdnrveyort inglaston; o'Iin of 8.1 iney,Eet,so lIcthograp, obeLplns par,ee, Saybeosbor.qarof at Gzmarrarwauvy,s;and oflr.nd C Sgetees 515. sni,eors 1c ra street,aCovent-carder,, Ga miCrer, gatwen and otwe-sud,otrsbr MESSR. PAG and AMERN will SELL by To-mrro, Epi, 6 a 21for 2 b diectindoath Sxeptor of athefo lateMrs Upon,thegenine ~OUE riLD HaywaITrd, plaREE linn, igt-dy cor, lveanddea frmig tock,gabotwo icksofals- IOCkLmesds ay cotof 0las,goigcoo masgoentrrle ote FecS,S She C,nr ma be viewed oNTheRFmOrieOf sale an.teLhay,Sill,L by Applyin as the fam,bewen shGee woodma3 STaver, DArchwiay-rtoadnd Tomssrweli-ntembCerh.1Ctaloue may bhe FadRnITheUREie;at EFEThusuaonsi thes oeradneighouprhoosngbeof Messrs. Pagdeddang Camerof,ladrawent ad esaurvabeyordglss, 64 l radtheet andst.l appenages,frbdcinG migaddnn o furiersture,-Voiet dpelsnodeorte, h bokanse TbiUadthbe,orepsat,intih5 an of Sn.cari tos. toris,loende;and fliwelro an kiclent theqi a,es ouno rthep. ironlcrenetler,aand H utthingRailachn,fws 1andmEscSlReos. PAGE t andCAeweRtoNdaysrefvioure,adoj ithe.it mringotrulCatioaltogusEL bay baUCTon,a the pmieSun a Htel innhs, Inoth Teihurshday etme 1, aLdt 2efor& 3adsonco, WitherfLoodsa IOTNs oFARMz I, clsBous'stieeg ofuadomftalhos,whonvnet hoESSed,anbou 14EE acre ofveyprdctv amllen pasture ln,in AUTheOccupatIo ofMrawFrancigavs -allyeaOrhly enn, at thedn sItate, Septtibeup23, at1 i onthe tunpie eadnbtimeen IDoehof adbypiaedo, contracmi vleufrableci n th- SreeLfro PEMShEffoldj,Carndgpoeese valameprisingarsne f. r haidou ng d Boarst%and. on- itlodemofbualtworkb lihogapvihec pous ntnghuexed.gayneha rof,Babig Mer.Faretr o er 6 rsyan. FerOruer,atleci! OPs,f ra lwcoynprint-r,, sis;at teSnt Hot;el, erandnuler asorter'vpiotl aini:ofie andither: arend 1essrns.d Pagl e acondamero,wt landgent enrd aniexur leyntroe, lread atrveet,rand t AThe nolep. peaym, h ld Corer le etwen c n yaet r and rter's-bar. at ESoRnd PAGnan CfAMaRONcwla l mSEL byotttdn STACd of alewsspcs EDO A,cntligbnt6 ofs Chthreemouhs redi ayb.-d aBeiwd and T. DAleguom baurdaoyh peies tth sa Inns eveinthneghbourhood aireidnof stghesr adSetbas F ictngearnd.wteatrontagEse.-Te ofurifeture anhbydfecthsofa gentle-0 feet, esiraly siuate au rhemoving.aedLto-oa,a oni guous t SRS.ie ADal EN wiWuaIbr ttNTeo %EaRtLKent aindo raVwaL.S.YwillSL bys aUCTOd onpetal thellPreimies, areenwready Suitock,nea nsote inoDntfe.T-oretow. Septembepr 1th,o at 12 etthe sted osanbedding,hi lchestsyo draer duhuressnutbest and glasses. andvu the usal apendage for ed chabers,Drwnaddingrm To Pickle Me-chants. TixturO De3lers, and others-Il, Ropemakers' street. Finebury-Excellent pFxtures, 30-allon Copper, threeplat- laess Fonts, snall Stock In Trade, of Pickles, Sauces, &c., three doz. of Wine, 10 Bottle3 af Rrandy, Household Fu miture. Re. hA R. LEWIS will SELL by AUCTION, on the LLt Premises as above. TFHlS DAY, i3ept 15, at 12, the FIXTURES Fittings, aud Contents of au OIL and ITALL-UN WAREUOUSE. in cluding pickles, scans, weights, nests of drawers, three plate-gisse fronts, gas dlttings, coppers, shop dial. 30 lots of household furniture, and other itemslof the premises. May be viewed. Catalogues on the premise3: and of the auotioneer and valuer. 90. Londsu-wall. The Crescent, ieriford, Ilerte.-Excellent Household Forniuts,. Pte LInen, China, ts. Eight-day and other Clocks several line Paintngs,afew doreof very choice Old Vine. a Bath Chair, and numerous other Effects.-By Mescro. BEE and 6ON, on Thursday, Sept, 17, at 11. wlrhost the least reserve, on the premnies, No. 3, Northcrescent, by order of the Exeontsra of the late mrs. Bell, 7 1E handsome Eousehold Furnitture (which is in A exceUent conditionl comprises mahogany four-pest and othfr bedsteads, good feather beds and bedding, mahogany wardrobes, cheset of drawers,and the nunal aesortment of bed room furniture: the drawlng and dining room furniture in rosewood and mahogany. ch imney and other Rlasses Brossels carpets kitchen and culinary artIlis dessert, tea, and. dinner services, glass, china. fine paintings and prints, plate a few dozen of very choice old wine. BAth cha!r, and numerous other effects, whlch wiU sppear in catalogues. N.B. Vise House, which Is excellent repair, having been recently papered and painted. to be l.et, wit timmodiate possession. May be viewed the da1' previous and auosring of sale. and catalogues lad at the Saltsbury Aran and Wh!te Hat Inns, Hertford; tho usual Inns in tdie neighbourhaod ; and of tho auctioneers Ware, Rertg. No o3.8t., Paul's Churrhyard,-An Assemblage of fine A lt and Modkern Pictn.es, Bronre, Chairs, Hohi Cabinet, R., th modetn M,rR. BARNS will offer for public COMPETIT °ON VI. 1p HS 6DAY, Sept.l15 at 12 precisely, an ASBEMBLAQj,9 Of fine POPERTY Amon the Paigtrues May be named three capsi. 'LI works, by B, Andwa.vtwo fine productions, Moses, t.ea, fold Hed, . Rll,andothers by and afterC, Wstade Vender DaIs Greure Rosier Wouvermans nKIr Berghem Bosh On view. Catlnooeasbove . .H Money advanced on every descrption of property forpstv a ind medinat sale, The whole of the above collectIon ty auctioneer. tfo. S. Ciarenoon Vritms, Brook-sreen. Hamm ermlth,Recellent Household Furnitr,un,PtesWa lwr,ndFm,th siock of an artist ~ ~ a hjTESSRS, JO ES and BONHA will SELL b MjXSRS. B~OL adSNwill SELL by AmCile ;o.th Premises, Detdeo-gseeu Lmghto 'abouk tlm,Al ;e gentuie and modern well mauufactured OUUELOL FUR'NITRF, Lelftian elegant 50oawood drawing room mnI*e, somt fine oil paintings and engrvi-ga; about 40 dzeveysero P'eaow ay,andonestan ofdovr, andofe bs mare,o theasnd anhSnea, pias,eaout10 hnestmdt ofw pGlry, I4wfunlinddo.an nmeroUCTIOthe afet tb Mayt on vriwday oRepWdesatreiu Epun; iu Bw IGLOar,1Ai. ste . 2h aind' Hedan ronla MiESSRs. BROMLE andI SON will SELL by LV.AICTIO.S. at the Arct.ion Frida, amMdyept. 25. at 12 TO ewybuilt ecaed rWL spG-tOlable, Non.I Nd 63, LSal-ten2, near teeio Eonarlofsi Aberden Grvrooasd, Beardlgren. Rental £1 per annui.Lem,q yease 75t iyear Es.Gon retol i per annumrudrei. F ayubes Iewlued.i Pathe arshad. at the vewed.o PAbrdeen.- Grverad, ofMetori.andarT; oBMsr.3.adF addeley and Son.s,ansret Goodanclfiors. 4o5,trman-o th-et venordm;nplxeis panod ofsl;aof the aucttIoneers, 17, Commerilr. M~AESSRS. BROMlLEY and SON wil BELL by Ai.AUC3TION, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, Septemer25 at 12, b byorder of the aursiving Execatr and Trustee of Benjamin Charlea Grimes, deoeased, ar respectableompc DW LLNG.H0UTD Ne-TE o Welllread, lteading1( Fromd Wciteehapel-r ,edwo h mCue ercalk-rom t- otangetgodrosand garden. Rental £22 per anut . ea 4yen grum.dLeasei4 yloears, tmny £ OsS.pranm eu et ixtures includtedurloe I nabviw Fathe ulcage had btte stewed. PArtdcular harof MeoassVctrs.Jandw T ofaMcire.eJ and ST. Lne Batrelet,andGodmus-fIied,acitors ean treethe vendorus; pilt lace of Bilele and of the auctioneers 17.Cmecl-d, Oom J ESSRS. BROMNILEY and SON will sELLi by Aclonpub lION aPt te uTIONMat on Friday, Sepeptember2at5 at 1he byMrerortheb surdeving Ea4ruRr and Truite ofe Benoamintorhae Griuabet decAse. n w leed GODWL compith poaSeHDoLo EthTe of moVer modern-pbuit-hOUSeS, sNou.t 12, 13.ppst1t, ando1t,soueth Wride o Wrtellngo str.e, payin uord-rofl wCIthi ae mothwo manutes alqfom bheee pand garen. o prentl. in1 peropannum1~ feaor the vearsy ground trmn£1yerM annum.ver low ire ntalud fn the purchnnnm. b1ay be viewreran particuars had at thbErlo p,ededof 3en,g Groueuroad,WVictraupark oParaell. an. anudrT. Soldis n o,scitors , e ra-tet 4p,laeofn-et:ee mfteriali-ruad.r,17Comc-rd,E j sandWne-autc., (oin £500r~ aubmonus. adeial situeateAbetwaeen the fhicape asice sedtnblah-greeneRadr and surrounded Docs.adney MhJE8SRS. IIROIMLEY and SON will Submi ty pUbli CIO,POtltbe Auton Farida Septeber 2,! at25, ththe, Auctieonfat, by iincsde of Mr. R.i0. rnhimkes,th Popietlortheo valuablet e IA3OEtand GOODWILLvlu withepLEAeE a on GOO theLL51wit chpel-rond, of ntbe seRain BRIatE-as fVront, pagte bottleroenteerance, dtu3, paing fwr,ds of £he00g prmonth fror Comalt ilurs,oesdto Barking, furd nealrtheI proportion Hlellrncsforthe Esetylngdter Dofks, heldfrs,25 thevarya lo roe.entlsa reez Manues b ye v Iewed, Prcland Cartipulars had ony iar- pmemires;) iofmessrs Obeuqu(eraW. Wllamoe, Panel fcand ~as.MFue2,solnhalto,NeBra-street r rt;cpace Dofcsle ands of hea~roluesd, picemmofzsal-;oad, ofteactoe.,17omr cinanl.rupr-T rees.Pblnu. nE.hrs-belteS of LcenedPublrbrs;t ne"ardh as niaDcs MAESSRS. BrOMLEYT and SO-N will SELL by ---. AUCTION. at the MAuctionua,o Friday, Sept, 25th'2.I atwo ota, L entloythull'.sa DELLNs thevaUa'ue LandSEP and GOODWILL, Wathr desiabl slu3tr, I frnt o th hih rod fom tommEterIal-oa toe Barkng, nd nar ietwociscpal ntraceitothr Eatn Irondiareot. bad f G.Goddrd. so solcito to he asigees,10, Googh-etreet, Cheasis; o~Fryand ealy. oil tor5dS M C tapeea; W.oWhitmore, Rant Inia-roa; pleo of sae; and of the auctIoer, 7 ommer-,1 hJESSRS. BROMALEY and SON will SELL by M JAUCTION. at tl- Acin Mart, on Friday, S ept. 25. , at 1 2, n woby ornewlyofuIth DWElLNG- hOUS Ctnlan MuHOP, Beatit ninglb Waciter. anum aRRlso a Or res Tact able D BeighUILDI,PaNt GOUN-sIe, at the rar, Grenta lea£20per Wataumsuro,le 20d 16 EWears, Pt trIngegr oudrent, gae8to,Srtod Ae.May be viewed. Particulars had at teWtro eo og-tet Eat Ida.od;o uothmrs, W .lkor rant, andMastinean,sEOloItors, Kin~e-oad B Ifrd-orplpace o f sale; a nd of the aucttIonezes1, 17m MESSS. BROMLEY and SON will SELL by M.ra U"CTIO-'N, tteAcinMr, on Friday, Sept.256, at 12. byteAcio ati 113e11of the115 Suburbatn and CoatIes Mutoualn aResell o L5 an GreenLeas-ls.3 'e. Wotaato a amnd ren Freold Plots,reac noea Poret thicuasrihlal ions atpss aT.at ofd T. H. Rleyandae Son, solicitors,48 14,Tmkau-iure-tyaGdmpanc-felofs;paeoSale; and of the acines,u17,ioxern17.rClal- cWreesdtE. - rirLeasebld If, I SR. . BRHOvilMELE ,atdSO Grwill SEL bt12o onMlt ThnrEE smallov1.th LSetDit.DHOUSES and SHOS. N~s. 115114Ian 11, BNook17 street, tat.Coniferodcing roren produ5cingr annetuCm. Lease 37oasearst, at a robd esthofe£ for inetenth ouse, pa- ticulashd of proucngr.tJe nendt renaddl oep. and Son, yolear. 4art, oeman-steetnodergstc-Feds; 3,oltplace.o ae n Cofmter auroad ers, 17G ocrerrlraan;Ao- tet ut E. .4,Wlrcor Lease iof a.o caitalBeao ndPiae oss 1VI1'R. BATH1- will SEL, at Garraway's t 2 Thn. da. ThuraL .ay cto19or 1 thevaoulyuabl"eLE E Ooftrct) aboatcea nalet on tearsn t £ per year,o.r 41n. andth primathe Houses, Not 41e andm 4ts Church-road,hig Conrcal-ron teat pnroadubrcinig antmrentalro £44 er psnv andundelet er yar. PartIclar ofe r. endegabs, o Eel, 7. Ctet--lace Csmmrci.roadeasteGa sawaeydistand e of h jfR. JBNATHwill i SEL at trrwys,a1,o 1JThur,day f)cdidber, the cSE itL b OSEan UAU perEMSS o 17.hvice GyS-idneypae Coad eri..odes rouinn clear Kincm oRA£E5 pem erm loa rvt os, o3 Iny tbienew and now pr-loigtha e rna ofP c oa,pecya.h ar, VaeoD lft:urnd,rioAsh La,.-e Pont mIcbat ting. BATHo ie wob will SELL,oathe arrlysnTiss m ayuabes LaA nD,h kenownes th PofCintes on Flagke.I shlo neArlydermyabrs asaMew-pemcorn rent. aadfrom th maniicntviw fn;Rom i. WummIt. Et,.ig positior h usan rcn amsh of te neinghboue rhoody.-ItVfao gmrtavellyeoil theh Bntoke Itheevtrty,an withs9 gretsu Pc bouheugtoany parttafctown alo2reeholnrd Itarmisf5chalenger an so-o w ofei o,eerd lo hnt e aedstneo odnfR. tcanAladntDgs sNosS ias beenh ofgratvatten ionhPln, patirular-s, fro--inthenao salee Ianb hadst actGag idrvawaye;and of the lauteongr,r,4iVsNaibrEsk., -SL,b ulcACINa Aut CuMat nL-nhmn. s'sdMouca. I 9t Otoerupext,y non lot,all theat eI&y LaSEL byo, n AUCTONT,00 mpWn the Peie,17 Bsnper orth-pianw, (raysino road.unt onfTHurtsday Septemeh4 the IDn aibleo hnew-and seun-ad brreo.It ls anostep-piece croaht, dgbarla, pboetnai. pAc; ntiniipresgeant -wie thd the usual eterialeand fit tings.Wl ofe oa else17 two dan po ofreviu torth sae ls,lwhen oneqtanoges mayhedbeihreot on th plsnles;tof ChalptesiLee t. offbUicial ssinee 20ralde I radually y the iore. Sit and Srton,t dsduicntrst,Barnard'1inn; th.to3. Watt.Ea,..cricitor, 9.e Orna,yo.n,beqar;oandf bmthe3aug The Bwthatinglerewopews-oy.-Vereasingit otany reSalee01xthaenlnt.Ther marewed wIth( 95 leersbe.-t 7* and Puli-oue0atchd galoso Fereehold Farm o 1atkcre'. t: e whole in ore ntitlopit.o h Onr.wti Railway. The ArDprt coSS r~ ha boonwfery, e withm tmo in. extenstivetIand fro:mothe Devior-ceJ n mrus,acting nedery the Wilo thro l u 'n re~state ChrssMy otq. s E to by publwcaUCTiOnth atowno Amucationkae,i Ali-mn ton Mouay R, 1d5e sth ablcebornet at O OOUainon ofthapigruoceets . Th l!Geo the buntyofeAnts, wieofth te lnotsnbeand been I s-o.rescirlar..n exoreslent owners ande treeryIraesftorsfo up-ih waqurdsefraccoliny, and Is now Offred i forstlemodernypin conalq, ceD of teidsir ofl the tr.teemptovewindpthei toruzdbyast.Teamensines, land ofclhinghstandrgei Tthe o onty,and hasonbeen cobdrreld wihereminentr souccess. ; Itisnt Ir nlvat thmrivinottge.Lrd and popr ondtie pon.Tue monarths o liarger Pof tio f wbarrela of,l feon-aldotenwhichd ls war uteg alfre1,uwith ampe scoeFuopliecreaingtbtbowany.reasonablerextent.mher bt ofac thne boi,-6hre firtni-n .It,tetion rafdthe siritDtra ooe,whithdthe gOl remaindget-Inth nae I,n a bedviliful partin1or.2le of theeounry,withny5 mitles oreow-'tFari I urgand a hlf f ono by wther, Soutinh-ester. Taiway Thues forotpet mostpartreai theellbmrewer,wihlalt-houmeR havnd betensv anduco:orex!*dlin prmi,sear, tembraingthevmAeryrsuJsite t Starreingonythe trade,toiauaespeloseltoate railway,bin thea-town a old tfaime wgelbe,Ala, Two veryitaluReaibnes Ptalo,boe furitheocupationg ofateracituato. imeithewhleofpthe bildthpingsireafltenmotraucbstoanperalncarate baredIntetcellntreailtr.h barewatAery ibfttedup whithb 2nuartber plant, caas,trctel uprn r in most mod erntiiemntipsAlcohingal the -neued.inImproemSaents, worebyaseamoengine, andbut Icludin stor vats.1 troducnti- ainushootd15arrbe ls.dTheretre3faremhoduhous on ul,l nd leaheholdurtchand pulhav-ne theaottache tof theAn concaern.f a,sfisrm wIthn1mrou acottgmeds.elyand,oiandgthr oand yh byrar im lerofrthe rtienacyof awhica12 ffehl tenre e;mai and also wbout be arofteahoc-Ts arleeriiatof cai teteaml n nhpoeighboffrhoo.und the reaivnduaer h for n avtmnd vth chswiaracterorfItieso thbsrewrer dlsoIn the Oltimrtantytbowso Odlbam) re aruofamfai Allan, ofdprsofttfo Hatley-cow- invaruboruand Evetnlegp,te ropariweter,candeWincheslocal Theborn frth' eetpar ar ineaellns epar, are sumchse haome tiewl esadTovr Walt%b; wib18Ir-houde,wt Fbuildinge pemn h baraksatt otmltagescamptat Adderhot,so) wic futhr I tluARD.wil api-earansfutuenadavouineednith As. willstbectncludedrin the role,a torafteehldarm, ofh arown, Esqt ars of hysAUCIONya trdule Castlre andBamblen land lsarsbhrufarmhousneand billigs Thebe purcthser 2 wllohav theoto ofRLBOROUGH aBlease oYfr 0it fa70laresd ioa adtatrejyadjbeoinIng n theW l transfroold tenncd o abthol 112z acres, houmaknluing inm Ire whol advan,tageSafor thevGeten Dgo. the eaShipro theCruslneys the- Theatrustnd Care prepaed toI lane ol,crthr of butn n theprhsemoney uyeo motgae o th prpery, f rluied,at Ogbpercent,hMa blea vieedby erLe-ooof hereseciveteans, n alcuashda the RilwayHotel Beaing; t theAuctenMr;oMsrsLab Broos, ons an Ch;lis ofRasngsok TandOia n fOe Richrd ont 13 Ki g Wilias.srot, cte.ofC Wiltshie old a:e ts ah o higbllrappreetate nteLnonrulo h present tradof the brewery 's about Gooquarte cof malt per a1unn ,a large portlon of which is retaUied; there Is an excellent opportunity for increasing thil branch of the bunesas, and alro for the addition of the wine and spirit trade. The proper,y has been in the hands of the present family f'ir uearly a century and with new and active mAnagement woul-I so3n reD ver its orlginal podtion of the first brewery In Its locality. To reoder every possible accommodation to purchasers, a considerable portlon of the purchase-money may remain upou mort,gMgeoftherespective loit. fo bhe viewed bythe permission oftbohrespectiSve tenants. and particular had ot Moessrs. Merriman and Grw.Un, 7larlboroigh ; at the Dlbse of sale; and o: Mr. Richard Mom, 12, King WIlfam-4.iet. city. Ra.. FAssex.- The Little Htoll;nd Estate and Manor. embracing nearly the entire parish. and 3n E-tate at Fmri,ton. comprising together about 6600 ares of ecellent Corn and C-razmwa Land, entirelMy Freehold and exonerated from land-tax, snu the parochia rates exceedingly low 1alo the Mdanor' f fLttle Holland. IjrR B. RIX is honooured by instructions from Robt. iTJ Hills, Esq., toSELL by AUCI10fY, at the Mart, near the Bank of England. London. on Wednesday Oct. 7, at 12 for 1 prcisely, in three lots, his FRLNT(sN and LITTLE HOLLAND ESTATES, and the Manor of Little Bolland in the c unty of Eesex namely-Lot 1. The Frinton Wick Farm, irn Frintor, cnntalning 13Sa. 2r. 2D. of productive Arable Rand and Panture. a suitable farm-houze substantiaaUy balit, agricultural buIldings, and p emlbes, occupied by Mr. Charles Theedhwn as a yearly tenant. lot 2. Tbh L ttIle Holland Hall Farm, situat3 hn the parisb or Little Holland, consl tine of a pleasantly situate re8idens,e, capital agrtcrltura. liomestead, a breadth of proenctIve and weeU oultivated arAble lair-t, with a cmsiderable tract ot pasttres, containing altether incliading a marBh nowoccupiedw.th LoS 31294a. lr. 28p The Him IFarm is occupled by Mir. Henry Gilet, under a leate fora term of which eight years are unexpired, at a graduated rental of S30) to£= 6 perannuin. The apportlodie rep.tuf tbe mar!; oowoecuptledwith lot 3 Is £19 per annum. Lot 3. Bennett's Farm, situate adjacent to the HaU Farm, lnLittIoHIollandcot,tltg 225.^ 3r. Ip. of fertile oom land. skirted by excellent rasturm witb a commodious farm-bonse,and copl6ts agricultural buildings, occupied (with the marsh part of Lot 2) by Mxr m Richardson. jun, ander a lease for a term, of vrhich Sears are ueex p ad at a gregnated yearly rental varying from £23 Ifs to £379 13s. pert anum. This lot also includes several tenements and gardens for the 0 -cupation of labouur.r, let at renitals amounting to £16 os. per annur. Lot 4. Thbe Mlanor of Little Bolland, with the courts, dnes, Os.t reliefs, heroSnb and other rights, privileges, sand apptetrot.e Particitrs and conditIons of sale, wiSth place of he loss, may bb_d_ Mlessrs. Storling aad Harris, solicitors, Halasetifd; MAeser Alidrdgeao. 2Bronley,solictors, . South-square, Gray'sinis London; at tbe art . and nt the offce Soe f .Mr. B.RBls, 2 Bree,Eager turt, Roial :d ; IreWondon,and at Ipswli,eh This Day. -CablStcek.- To Cab siePt16a, Hone Deales, atid Othesa. R~rB ED ARDLUMLEY will BELL by AUC. LYE. ION n lb Preises II,Cornton-ews. EBncik-mqssr,9 TifS DY~udry~ t 1 fr 1 oclok,ThRtEE CAVB EL)it'iE Hasm.Patent Cabs. sets of bar. Rig., haf-he, crn-in.stale oleent, nd effects. Catalogues Biahgta,-Houwc-hold Furait,,o.~ wilBELL bv AUC- .LXTION an the Premises, 9o23 nle-tet Bsosae mBISDkY,Sdpemdyb epl Ih at 10 fr2 HOSHL NLDu Iusul omstc kiithng req1ote.and e atu iscs a efet a eviewed , ad atalogues ha nteprmss n at theactoiSi ACtio. Chaoer.a,n7e.aor-lre 11,~. EWARDLUMEY wllBELL by AUCOmorow Wedesdyl ept 16at10 or 1, apIal OUiIorro,D andothw tble, o.,usul dmeticandkithe reli res,andvaious auction nOlces, £7. Ohaneery-offcesane. anBorin Goldsanare,-Tla Watc-hesuoehold Fuortcrs, dio,ko MB EDWARDLUMLEY Will BELL by AUC. TWIge O tfPrmss No. 170,Upper Ge s- ~tom-morro MensdyBaT fr2 NOS OLD 70 Srand,~ ~ an At tn said PSM16~~~S orsitin bdroso eusat dsrpondoinceiadkicerqiits Inha-cmylitne.-oe ewaaYrd TEude and freignGCld end SilerWantchs, an teleatClss. Soko ~R. EDWARD LUMLEY will SELL by AUCGM-Stlaland- Promss 0 tad, on Thcue2y Sp-2,atd12.fr, Sotbel I, t atfle for K oomdpruaideg of atilnent, ,0 the haNabewStloC i:com- rIsinglaboet drai golds and yelvow atced gith the,o patnt eight-da Daevinerimovmen, 21 Genevaf wacheme.t 1u0onksed movmens, casejs. &c reweser, seihopg mafixtrsdnd rietyro f ePmate, audph.toaiogus vroiy b had threta. Catpriorgtuths of J esr. LumCh cy. ansLule, 10 slgoi gtrers, 41 Ludgate-er. t, clty;a or loat th67 tlnofie,, Chaanceul..e B"dee Menr' Ect-la evr achs as Ufor12, theLASE of the booPOEaR lTY, advrti. eld for tak soa,,, wi 1th condion oft Isal, may be haNd, tivelln prioer,7 atdMS. Ln3!,, hA . DWAD UMLY ollSEL by BEL b- 1ie TOK omprising 20a5,0 tiles, 5.050 eleh byoal buriokN 2,00 latfre draiun pie,s0 efllo and go(laze Flo,et panIe, 2,0d pFAvigbrcs, 10om ck og emnty birc:e sacks JaPand rakst, pan,n birow.wighingmacbins.crae,bogany ware.obasd hegtan,oandra vaet of fets Catkoalogu-es hadbof rdK Clhidarle tcRe. 0 Ba~ siogan . stddreet;indt Mr.ape L ley'sgoffies,I gilthancry-anes, c o.gaa, kuitcdenrequsitck,Ma y Pbenxiewede Cathedaprp o edinfay'-nd mrmj"g We. CtaeogueH oftiedo the abvprPeRTY,s adetid tohae prnplac onsi the 1t n neghoubod antd CC POth ONe tilloner G'oc-tobert 7 and8.l Pihopot Ittng and ciures, atd 32,Hegerow elnt P o ftelaeWSn Harrde WAcroSLL bil AUEIOL by ta ~ .. nte Premism 6~ E test, onriday epemb ert 18, 'h1. orillOt PITTNGS nd IXTURESo the EFFECSIDENComprinicluding eontvrd apmaog anydroors,.s clheandls s lt of draem ivtere gtl ed's 84by 4_ nestofr64 draswer,soves and kiabhen rangeu n aaa few othelrcbffoe Chmonatd-benutIinmneHuehogldasrntue, Inegi, fr00s cn 1lae, a glHs DREW other rfect. eiviedwidstrhctdon friroadm t re gc- awe Ctlorne3 of tdo the laeMs puan reight ato SheL byiAUCinsIOn. onthe Pegioremoss I, ank oila teasct,iQueen's Gergoad,rotIo, Rilebpt. 24,ity1 for 1 penctn agl the usefuoploan moden fStmrS anUd letod teFFEr, a omkrptIigmhgn.ic n lpne oeec n hagi.s SAMeLedig maHNOgNy warroe, chEstL of dpuslisc d AssngTbles and glass; dRawing room suirte introeeto, c~ nrure nctembr mahogan7fet ope aibar wthoTC marbl&e o top, batukept at.~ sodmermother carpets, cohmDrsneygl0 riveingl brames, ands glass,opand kitcen equsite. My b vieed he ay pecoigend~ mOrnviegw, theneihborhod; nd f te actinee, Gorg-ste,t . neo heondc 143hmodA-ldergateol Frniture ande Eloeta,Oorv ai miaofote bin rseoods casaoe,an T0Sarsinte mhon ia 6.0o0PAJR n1 . oe' adCid HR late aIrs Harittcrt SELL b y v In t,u tePrmmIses.1 Uppe above.rer on Wepdny esdy,See.n, t l or the euBineDFUR7NITU-REan oftEi?IC cou rsig aogirany tbopropretoran Iroing abrotad. and hanings clea bedngaogAOy Catdalogunes wardrutobes fchests of drawkers,anthusabe s,nr sefmhGraysrny extendn dininetales. prduduse er aDnduKddrolue glss ad thr ffct, aybeviwe ie Ay PTIer nd mn otth sale Caaloues btanedon he pemis;at Helbprincia inn Inrd,r theneguoroo; ad f he ucIoeer GorE-Osteet anicHmOnd. celler, a bankrupt. ~ ~ Derannnt MR.GSAMR. NOHNSO will SELL by publONic PreAUCION.athi Rooms, -d-ornl, ALdebridga-i,e.stt on Tource S~eptember16 at 12 aidfll teSoiCK Iny tRhD of.un thisbankrupt) FUR. soe ThREriu APPENDCES,cmrSin0 trveisllig blags ad ato iroupi-t Aabqantityenf bgsrg,and other mattas,cerals als-o if eather croan bce,. offal, caoalskns,ays benameedrhiders,ho .t.rsandwrobzcea calf bdr, acarpets irnd safe ohcaBlme. coimnter, and other effects, O iw stdboree;,.S booucsfiiend, Reqo,Philpot-baer cItyean ofars thenauc Notai. 14haldWer ad amp-ste,- theroot and .i'hby Trade.mHe Lermeondse.-ltree-To Bunahldrae, Salmaon's-laneerit,d RA. PUAKEN willrcedt SELL by AUCTION,oth on t Pemisesmasaoes, ooniTroag tSept r 22,a at 11 for gnuIn HoStet EHoDAY,URNItembrE of (ntheau'ot desrptem , y u er ot,& fti aothe rorito goung ab road OINEvieawdapro antd mb orning bof sle I Cdtaloguebs hirl-Aucions othices, Ill, kl.udealesor,E C. ltex LloKadslldSLL y AUTIO, atd2 0d esctd .txo akN thae foe,5lioad Tavern, plattnk,ptron- hudin&gs, abotrn,t on0 hslargeO Set. 24, siatbleolrps wbeelrig4t. the FREmHrLD RUSel in odg,Ii, el 26,bs a;'.nd -abee calnso Three qeuanest, Nc&1.2.an boaeed'o Ito_d bean,Grabout Olnnf. lengtheswole Prodcin Pao ren utalble£5 fer panuze. Maybe vteiroa bolti.uMayso Mr. vieed Milto dn srvoli add o, inn ae nd th cautionerO1,btcai'edtAbir., Pek' tsr.a 5. Barnard'. NOBLELTER B SELL byU AB CION byAO iLL he remie,' Copiasd-cner Leabrlgae-roill, on Thursday c ArotIeinbr 222,an follwin day, to te Rea,iwe 8tton)-HEouD PUtd IsitUEand i otg APEIIaGoreS.Cohtisng. hlam0ondoes fou Platet Arabianf tientWand ter bedstas cplel~sanlcl. febathe ofbedsk aindbled daring,maogny ch1erteonof Edraermndg wardroes chpemea t and de, Mog oarus, an Sethmerusualcaberquisites,opigd anoot 2e,ach dae. caretUsEanD Froes, R hado eDhmneyn an pirswglasses,rnanste in walnebard bookcaes, dining, tabl, camndter tablses, chaires, wiomndo cutmain.chardeile and lrmps, pedroo and faireton pi byf,sieeordHer in,and oth apershndageand gass kiitchen,m udnumerous bredwcing ueusi Baker'sdmngle,vgrelpaenh iouslnts bgsarden tolo kirobn piroterfato'-e, mareand foale, dare pole ofpants, nu merenous effects,.sa evee day b priorwad mody rnigofrsle and catalogues had on the pel.reussat torInsoI in the neighbonrhood; aBull,th Adautioee;.and att str.etoBlo'o ricss woodld, Essexar, AI aN. tdwtE.zbrde Tmio)Hro 1~JTR.PEAE i diectd t SSE LLbybAUCTIO tJ.on h B rELTi, s adoin n the railway No ase beckstRermondTHI. DtAee,TI t lAXe HO SEpEmber 1F,RNIaTUEad. Semprem:berd8th, asndrvi onaly dvertlesLi t 12 oclect withot thesl'best dresengrve. about100 suaresof PTCH PNE. yllowand hies. euring bad IOaddY bech and10 oadsdeoiescd dttio, dearkabreeingte load dr elmplak, vrios thcknat tenaost 400 ofr~ telmu stMok,sietabl oforni inheortnigt. Sr blodsiAtmeia ea Iroalog.,erlni. bamd1,abu Gr00a sfret. lntheaGorgichpes poles Gtenitlsre forpaolinse, aShtplan, 22,, 5dgrow, panel dotrs,vriu, and abount 0sroton41 1sope4i,. BURTO wil SEL-L by U- MI H. WALTERofEnl". -wml Sllkmrcer do, comrisin ric sils, bote n g,-, om ris', Lossit velets shwls Irsh ine, tblestanak, 1) lnenshvtersy laowi' hglvaluable Freehold Ilusine Premises and (flolce, siut o boevo, 14, Ironnionger-lano, rind No. 17, Gresbam-strect, .OeIga corner honse.wlth extensive frontages. situate immeodiately opoit h Cour oBnirIy,ad in the close vicinity ot the Guldall, now unader lear t%,h PTalk GriffIn, Fl.fqdor a termn of 21 years, froso Sept. 29. 1s4S. at the mere, ground ren t of £105 Per annum. Lot I, A I Moiety, uf and in that highLly importar t Freehold Property anwna the George and Gatle Tavern or PuDliohoOusE, Gracechurch-street,cm anding one of the best sltnati-us for trade In the city, no uder lease to Thomas Butts Aveling, Req,, for a term of 31 years from Christmas. 1810, at the almost nominal rent of £1l2o per anunum Let 4. A Nitoiety of and In a Rout Charge of £12 134. 4d. per anunum, well secored,and ariin of Rprom taheifarm clant. Eathurya ad Farm,Bdc. Estiex, othe Proerlyiay eAvee ypriso of the ress Sgr&inn opactiv Messl.-arnest adoo Neck, Boictrs Nrh-il,CdceseryndO Aess GooTU ndSon 8, Grfison-strued, bsry-theuDreciVtors. niur,onte rmie of the British Sugar Refining Company,t ELb UTO on the above Premipez. on Tuesday end Wednes'day, Septembser 22 tan 23, commencIngz each day at 12 for I prompt, the excellent M &CHINERY PLANT, do,. of the SUIGAR REFINERY.aII nearly new,amnong which may be mentioned a Id-horse high presure air engine, 2 ft. SIn. stroke, steamn cylinder, 1 ft. 6 in. Vore. sir diVo, four ft., and two- air veesels. 4evaporating pans uponBessemer's, Process.withbsteamrar,uges, attached, two of Bessemer's sngar.curlug macbines, Ilquor pumps with brass valves, blow-ams receiving vscssos and wrought-iron hee( SItar boxes, 27-feet hydraulic llftwitb Prnep,pipe, sand cistern, 2 powerful by draulic pro3rs erwith oumpe and 100 wrougbt.iron plates, large eilmarcrushing machine -,rth knives and rollers, weighing machines copper beasis and ladles, a powrerful driving mnachine, five charcoal fitters 18 feet by 5 each, wroiqzteb-Irn cIsterns, 240 brass barrels, sundry haes of ctxekiug or filtering bags, 12 charcoal trucks, patent eranes with chains, hocks sod slings about 2,500 lump) or piece moelds, nnmerous atocks, dies, and taps complete, a. quantity of tools, files aLnd nails, stesta, water, and air p,pipt,g. liquor cans, bag honks. gamnpling irons, a etiantlIty of useful wrought and pAst Iron metal, and many other a-alual,le items; also the superior fittings of board room,.seers tart's ditto, Enad clerk's offile which are of superior Spanish tashogan Bresel catel, r gs fndem. fire-iross, enecled and other masrb~ washatands, eaz? chais office timepiece, iron safe, &o, gay he viewed two days prior to sale, between 10 and 4 O'clock a-nd catalogues hail f'rom Mdessr C. and H. Hlyde, solicitors, 21 l-'lc,3The~,~ PLr. ,JPrc,eceaytthCopn 9,Gra o4 c( Rdd,C. ttewr, n fAesu mt,~l okesuy ba LoughtoN. close to the Btaoa,-Th frtw cboies Plow at ?ndaboM Yuj4 for Yin"a and shogs NXl MARM.&DUKE M HwB is wuBNJ. TIhof a most =HA L_D TA "EInal a4 tmbracing nil the hIgh 10. grontaae,owswmfyW able OPPortuollles for DroftaMble bo1&ltgtn5Ml5an. ether erectloun, ParticiliareofG0,F. H q.3 1gUof anzd aNW.Mtbws ~e Ia~u *tdaa R. MARMA orIi wll SELL, at[ A'-1 theM 1atonTusaa o N L~, 2 of them e t Tunia.l ToUlington-ptaoe, ToUgo8~fnse inmdente t the value of £55 rannom ec.atjlanOf eizLwao hix well built Itelne, no b effcy Ylllan~c the Ut, Tbomaefs HospItal Estate, Hake,ofro eueIn,eatomitg ad DWAlkmg Laud at Breatwodan r aosn end 6 .nd fi~ Tudor NoL 3 and lo, Pwa5 audi Vi ellp-atmut, ELao invest rcy illa and p-aseesson at esydtsI eurd m aIPoso rg bold Land, near th ralaystio at SLoWod andh Fnlow or irevs Edmouton. Particulars of ess idadSn otademtm Great Titohileld-etreet; andatM Mahe' es lbqzPas V'r)nloon. Clits'-oadt. near nbiseao niiearl.y D hantm 1tIo'rTH r'# t m WSaxe Inatmneteti i~I~~ode n ther BAE at 1, LttleMoorficdds, To-wooerVlt and hurday toaddtio totheabae, omeVery superIor neW FIUR.. fa orxe efre or HIndia and which wIl nBOld witoud-t w moedfRSm D bbyand ts MATii Wm ELL by m AUSrS. ,at 1 Uttle. Koorfiels,diOpst lsnyer I ( -morrow and Thuraday next. gept, 16 and 1. the suprlor7mpgT'cRE. oomprlelng$pann m%ab aY,sOsewood, and okt*hbesfour, P.,.t and Arablan bedtdss,wne n te wadrobes, pdsa sideoad two capital =l.o b:yZirmadDw`oodtbn mable-top wsaed, cons Iatalbles coche lage y and draiIn gln...., afeahe lade an edngeacella of, winies, books, stgravtoaa dinner, deceert, and tea aervicea, Brauneln and other carpets, nsarly eww b,oogb n, Pack phaeton. chaise, and hnrness Catoamoue to be hba Of J. I (1 drton. i5sq., 6. Broad-stveet-buldJngs ofB.OckhAm, NWq_ *.--jeante.Inn; ando4 the aucUtloeVaI2, Bnopsgate withoot. 1WWrtant_Sale-0 o imnOnamenBn os rUat,adohr toec!one Stance, 1 Gold and Silver Wace,3100 ounoge of Slve Ilato, Ne.. fet., 15. If,. and 17. On view. Ni 1SSRS. DEBEN HAM, STO)RR, asia SON WMl BT. ELL at their Rtooms, anx unuanall extensIve and valuable di play of J FPW XLS bljouterlo.watchas, clocks, and plate, THUS DAY, the 15th lost., and two followIng dams at IL The property comols a oostly brillIant tIara a diamond neckLace of 70 collate with Males crosea'tacebe, eplendid bracelei, armlet,~ boces, necklets, rlap, pirs. shirt etude. a"d waistcoat b,1ttorls of lIne =gold, oet with large ana heblce rub.se. briliaente eeralds, sappires, and other precious stoner an uleta par,,an mnuacurd y hepdrInia Lodon Jewel. let, bau ianone, inegod gard nek,and Abert chiains, ouner f sivr pate SeffeldpLteddIsesand corert, oesudel,5 wiESSlRS.taraeasevcof1 DEB-NHAn fTRuit sands 701 goe and iver wthed o,E by mAkersIof eminnce tahe arnd mante Grooee. of,elegPazwtodeelgo, mummeys g boxes,opr clanuse, rmvinp ae, wich vImeroand platedfuItard,an Deo atrie cty fhgl au.i fet,. MESSRS. DEBENHAwillSTERLbyAndTIONsar at thdirece tLo a,ML by3 03ArUftreet .upo thebrmie a 3 Ovm. FIsreed.y BrunewcSk.sufor. on Fridtaly. 1the Insrt., at , sei FURN., %IUtE. lecludlug the fitiulngsoavlen bedm inrchambers dawgante, dwa8nt ronnelents twmomoodecWrn Iaofortes,an tablesan bed eIneny kind. C'.'senecarclen.toe, ent r.u SRSn. 'e and Deoalre hobjectintrcton ML romSir. JO EN Cot Rart tol BELL by AUCTION laq;h kiat their cndrom. S2pteber2.fandetreet,ognearyth Pa-thil for FAridaly eas, atyU for 12rypunctullyme cndapital moder F'JR51 IDleEwtg icldleg beaumdtiful wapbref outderahewrawngroom Dm00,it wa;eof,e 7ann woodewood ehaml,, coaches o g didmtables ofhery dlni, roommLendaslibrand, couabineIn, andme ctag spIendieofortes,mdogan and ret ef admiencsloed s14iLdeors albow aof iIgtablehs, bokcse, I h dieter. an ibr. chaIn sofkaes, andeanhcaire, Dcurtains, do.:treableana hulete,Thwing tedadplamberwarrobe.ur2gadere,mabhes.andskoo; paint eact,May Arbea viewsead 00ithursduty handgorings, f saerle anrpotditto lottie, had. ~ e.%W M-tmc, h fSRomSirJh Cot O artN , t BilELL by AUCTION,at lia,in non ndaym,e%oTurd September24,.dflown a,atl2for for o1K pnthually each t Daydh sueriohndom an approRpribntiflte Bera. tleion g wlclubej twoun tompbeta mbrifoutlnye.dh rwn room sneitwtho-bl le o dsebad wood lb., chlmndy-bieding ofmplat rge dIenson athe dnliwng room w,bnd ibrary conthin intblormdoingltoer a slni ealnidtoebou end res . t ofefuiiitueo tabe,,1endvoelbowdahogand chrataairs,me. nts,o laser.f -r Otdbotaes, wthb chanred, cou,adenolctretbee roo Tele.tbe hmbr ctaire1 mribngaedcbin aovere ad i un Tata a n.-Se trbIa b12datea" ih hnzhagne svrl orpstdto weive tnd r,eAtbe siebordobs, draer.,.dn wabl-etad, dlmrwaMIng abes cadealiend uteUrt geceerto. The o.onentsaoanthe ervante apartdinenta t,dairy and lundy tes, ils.ntwouscawe,awct o, andbOut-wdoor effed. n2day ato ieedcut, andy aoundgSoftuWea antcdent andgmornings alofa FaveRream xendhate Mees-A. 33 Oxenhanl-stollce 5.Ote-et, near h aten the Partheon. Lopubicmthtonh ho 38,rkyS Gizee-ades eioRne-eate the cor ner of Omelt. ESSES. m n nna rXeNHmt wl o SELLS o byofr h ACInvsten LYE o aIthe Arm gus, 0efo Thcursayo, SeptemberPl2, att 12fo 1oarok,' Thea'ryedlnfregrtand.. tiemeparlrIUnItU"aRE, ikndarbeaobtifo pederall at.on lt.liugt, rmltetrogn edro suihld withuAraia ffdueaectand Israeneedbddn complet A te, inenanPplrnwaof Mlns ~ e friurni; etuore row th Wennalwryed srvants'o apneartm hen,a 17t mplan-hlu-, t 1ree,raing room site cvrdi H aOhIonabl hRNIntz, azd. , ectiOna%fr. ,d Other teb, w,epincdjomlo ade nobalvoe imey Aely, i,n eudeeta el bebads, eaU wotdianddwing tables,dInebwgoo,ge chardeliers. sutt,ers,ofcartal, dtm-k O arItalIndrs,fkltchna reqdisiase, c Nth:ed,msO vIewes-so %endnumerous effect1.Maynb caieogeshd on thepWed. ne-dayeacuer-deustand morninofste,handlcatalogubes heabod;as ates fosrs n,tmxuhateo oolnce,t153. (pr!ord-sngrent,narlth of tho 0 HED'RVI-N D IT is willctedt SELL by AUCTION, T o-nrrs. Sept.dt. at, Ingfor!at12rocisely atlarge &stokofPPE. cuA nGG, f -sir aots. fordrawin reASns (ILinn PROonIRT, porluomas, e fr(e,tu hatwo.- tit1heno,ideuc, and inclotigevs.3alhndredpICles ofathe bomestcial-.rlmm:and aut lot(argey numb&ero stat67uaryandnveine rnarbd chImnet-pieesh,to,en0yandritou treedellOngvIuew tthe dy ros. g2 and mo iu Iof Kigsale whenralcnal-srmaybet bed. amntWt ted.u1n T.ur dilanineg, stat te No.1andt. ultnret 7,1hyb-iR e tillOthe bels; todremindcuthesphbd c thohi;at;th PROwmpERTIE and CEMorisErtolte51 tq Toast th eanMors tedofrgaen&tjeepit-lu intbananua Wllcnlof £1u7r8 eligible forbetheinestmentBy ofLdcit.ltn.l ad trultat.e fo aondatoswl take plaoue,ratofo t2e Mart.,i onthet-or~l G next.17tlIntr.at eat. DespieprIuashv p rere n urtr .lslieesenBiglnt,inpapoerand a eotie t R.HAKTH RSTwill SELL b UTO,o h 13 Pth Ise (114.l Htl Brekod-o. awoiura. on Thu rdyth 17th 2eprewher. atn121 precisely,rall the F HOSHLD UlT h.,atIeet Cf Bitrt -N. 1mpre, Chmprlrin leat Pemroa abes sAr~en stre;5I.d oryschbeUdelegd wash Band drin2ale.bokae sear,t 1,13e re14 lers cand1Irs, damask c rtains,lce requntes o oafb vuiewede on et'ednewLifyte Ittle, and caontalges had on thepo igrdi7er.t enrsi .,f V a etoneo 5, Ch Fterchwabr, Pandorne ternprow Inhorelima.-eand-ea a. Hagtrnkriond."PandtDcuayrv. and cond.tioa Conic- eobtal-red et and Wfnc% rltfo&hrec Oorford.Bback Leaehod staee, f-. or cit~m.,er o-hip-greet. rihoducin renal Nom f £to ardannumb. Y) enl -toms ('s.d Japr. Lo tnd,nat 12n'ock.h aut Gaer. raay',oohAlbwt to,wa :- Zt'w eesa audc,statte NOr. wu1Iand3, C hotp'ns, Commercal-redneRarlturdarty,o lS.eptmbr 6at £67fpr 3annum,gftroun rent£ t ach trmy*vayears bslead ell.ompe, st Fate, situa,t28 A ind th.eU,pn ofin Dirlet, mneral-uats le a cop esntai gamounting to £bd -w er asr. rrm1 ye tars, grondret£2 imrea.brIco-buIl ch gopa ,.rlvnedw.,llmnh, o adjonin,cituade ow. 1and 2 olonstr13d eet uoncha s,-ve ilest tI2 lrom pheraum term o 3uyears,oground ce nt lei. rMttRay bviwdtilltheA,eo afferdsendopaortiulatrs ndonth prte tbmeo; t itb.w' Tb.f Mroerty.MDyorrldSoniie. tatwnoofthandmaorrisBMoos-ate salrtnacha tenuer- hd lcloeecas of My cosdee nearlyeuatL f 7,t Byt. to f'f-io.d. tbaicrylarse;and a cutthe actOn ee,'aowite,h2 lihQanphn street-robt C.smreeol*d ea syt. rvost h A fsl.O PBA f ne.rficr BiRlhoplsWalt lham-n. o Dtebentures, t ere. IIIR~.. REDERICK l SE MLLETbywAUCTION, at p-j.the-'IiSht H -el,Biho. on Thursday, Shep2te mbe., at 12lok fhe I enelms.ely n i Iota.Tthe aolwng FIrE OIAGS,in thovresidenoe SI, t.au~sI0sne iade: 7 atberappeu-stetdr0,woen-roaup Free n etms In -rou-vwuo, ft, rosesoOd 'tnOokeg, cabinets, Io am D&A slo.al table-. briliasnt chtlmer-glt--see eel of extendlng dining tab!es cl,airs In ,soroco, It dutglug ditti Brumsals and other carpets, rugs. fei ders and fire irmns. cbuh . glass, kitchen requisite and effeets. lay bevieedathedaF prior And nuemilneof sale. Oata ogueshadontbe I ren( es, and at t*e anctIoneers ofces in Alblon-pibce, Hyde-park"DatS e. h.-t N5ottce of SAIeM.Seltbrn,at , inure mUIes from Alton. uee f,om Fr,, hDm, arid cov e . o Noblemen, AriculitCni st. DueWers ani tes R. FREDERICK ELLEN has been honoured A,with Instructionr from SiraArchibsald Seppal Maodonald, Bart.. itho be let hi, farms inthe pa&ashe of Babo-ne and BrAmeht. to SF-Lbyh &IJUTPIt N,e lleielw AdJoinIngthe village of Selborno. son Ms,-cday. Tssesdaq, anti Wednceds" Sett 21 22, and 23 the whoio of ble exreedily vlabl tiret-e and DEAD FARE ST Cl. CesmPrislng ?.4 excelle t Bouth Down ewes of proorUtmiate age,. 16 owe lamb-, IS5 wetler tamnb, 16 rans and rm larnbe, 70 fat eat-re, 81 North Dreon oxen, 8 wokie gtoen, 2 Alderney cows, 3S Iteungrcar'thore, cetles, 2 a be5-m-lSuffolk entire cat colt, ems seer hred brown ettSr* bornse, nag mare, valuable 3-yer-old no, l19t etro getose pIgs, 12 In andwirth pig, tIwo boaras The aacrcult cal Imnplemen ts inclde a firet-ciar seven-horsepowver pmortable rio-am engine, by Cisytor. StuttUewortb. and Oo. tlnrshlng mahIne, sy slerrett. 'repreg meashlnee corn, turnip. aD manure drIll, two hmbse-s' broad-et manure distidbutors, four hand drils sw Di cchuse, alnnowritg macluesa, blowers six turnip cutter, oil ouke breakers bea7n cutlery, chatr cutting machnes, for hand,bonss, or steam power. sa7rl6iers, Iron horseo hors, 17 Iron plongha, sesof Iro hearhrow anJd drags, S irs,ufdeld rollers,C erillsx clod crusher, t0 market wagotsOt,f 14 Scotch snd other crts manure Ofcart, troughs, weighig m h nes, 4 test Imn riok sldcs, besea tIk of hay. , A cogue will le forwarsed p-.,tage free an appUcation to the auctioneer, An. dnrer. This Evenlog TmTieday), September 1I, at 6.-Household Prniture in great vatiety. s Nestot 71 IabelledObymst' Shop Drawers, and nmtnerons othbr EffoetA. 1 ESSRS WV. and F. C. BONHAM rWill SELL by AUflTION, at their large Itoonms, 19, Macleboo o- gent-quadrantk TIltS EVENING ITnoayl. eptembe PAt , an assrmblage of superior modern HOUSEHOLD FVAWlN "RHN anD B k FEClS.rOmpratDng rets of chair conches, and easy ehbaIm In leather srod LaPreloth. a waltut wood drawing room not oovered In zIch fiunred Torsrosy, la ge chImney and dreesig glee cbeetsof drawnrs, marblc. top and otber waisbsttnds and fittlngr Broesls, tapestry, and Kiero lester carltne and rugs. fenders, sideboard, heffboness, w ndow curtains. mahogar.y, Itn. and japanned Arabin, Trench, and oheibtsdteads end bangit,gs, beds, btnnketstbe usual kitoben amotesn o. office reqnuIites, a nest of 71 chymist's sbop drme labelled, And a, variety of mIscellaneous Items. On sIew, And caeiegei a a'bov,
