DEATHS. 1n camp, at DelI.L of a mortal wouud, rersivod in sc,lon, on the 14th Sept.,15,we trigt' rah irtca 1 bS,u b6t RegiPent Bengal Infuntry, attacbhd to tro iet European IBe ngal goual. liesr moat deeply and saiucrtly lamented by the ofiieir of toth regmonite. On the 5th Goct., at Patna, agp4l 22 years and 10 months, Catherine the wifeo ot titpwith H. 0. r t, i2n1 bervsce, and daughcer of fleury Holrold, Faq., WirbierBeat-law, Ca.lsutto On the 16th IJnt., at Lisbon, Mr. Joxeph Vau Zeller, In his 71at year. On the 12th lint., In Oab.lcy.plaee, Soothzesn Hute. In her 82d yer, Elizbeth Gauhterof he lte .smeePsylr, Oqof the I'Olygnn, Socttha''pton, i''EJ.O.0.iS, and relict 5.4 John Auhin, tq., (t14, 9 en A n ne -s2 t r e etn 6 ^, Ca s e R andl h - terq rs b , f r m erl y P e s y st he cr 8 5 t a r 1 to he lateAdmiralde Earlte glows, and Iobtsq y adte Oon,l loy E sr of the On the 20th inst., at the house ot his brother lIn.w, r. Hlariento Thomase Esq., 4, Lanedown.scrsw°t, BAtB, nudirey Jespe. Beutter Gtene Downel Esq., las aurvivg won of W. LYuwueS, Esq., of Abbeysiide, Daugarvau, lrel*ad. On the 20th Inst., at Rltchmond.terrae2 , BrightrnIn her odth year, Msary, wpidow of the late WlI&m. Parkyns, fts, lac 01 oReding, desks, and eldest survivg daughter ot the late ohs lslry, Has., of Reading, Berks. On the 23d iust., In the College, Durham, the Riev. George Townsend, D.D., tuhoe of Durham, Ix his 306h year. Oa the 23d it.5t, suddenly, at his resideoro, CorstoU, near Bath, In the ltd year of his J gen Aduiral 0. P. B. 1aSeman, beloved and deeply regretted by all who kne w himu. On the 2(th Inst, at St. Holier's, Jertey, aged 69, John Surgey, Rsq., formerly of Olapton, Midllcesex. On she 24tth Int., at Torqtusy, aged 27, Freerick John, eldest son of 3). A. Itougemont, Hsq., of Kensington. On Tuesday, M to 24th Inst. at 40, Sydney-stret, Brompton, In fhs 47th year, isjor Arthur Quin lorpper, retired Hit Bengal Army, Oldest surviving son of the lawt Majo.unrar Willia f eopper, BengaL Artllery. On Tuesday nlst, in the 83d year of her age, y ary, relict of the late WIlliam jary, Itsq., of Bulinsigham Rouse, Norfulk. On the 24th last., at Flrdlitld e oMd and yrishe, William Gouning Campbell, of Fairfield, eeq., In bsa 74th Yea.. On the 26thiort, in the 61st year of her age, Ssral4, the beloved and dear wite of the late Charles Palmner. 22, huthwarkt, deeply lamented. On the 25th inst. of paralysis, Mr. Johrastone, of 10, Blurtonstreet, Eaton-sqaies, aged 67. On the 25th inst., at his restdenoa, ParDk-rod, Holloway, William, Wa1eon. Esq.. In his 85th year. On the 2oIl InSt., at iStockwell, aged 67, MarT Anxe, the widow ot the Wilateh, John Ji,tlm. of ohvatha.lIftlnes. On the 25th lust., at Woolwieb. Eli-babth. rtelit of the late Ur. Robert Brooks, of t3t. John's-wharf, aujd licotlend-yard, Weeltmneter, aged 6$. On she 25th Inst. at 'Miss Grant's, Clifton, lizatbet, wif of th0 Rey. P. 0. iBlackelone, vicas of Hieckileld, aged 62, bbs diedi in hoc sleep, without previous Illneass. On tbfe 26th inst., at 11, Wyndhama-plare, Bryuatsotn.square, Jane Cecelia Philppe, infant daughter 01 FAmund Peseell, IFeg. On the 25th inst., at Darby Lodge, Suob- ry, after a long lllneu, in hier 65th year, EBsiabeth, widow of the late David MtorIoe, Raq. On the 25th inst., at Sontbborough, Tu.brIdg&-e.scal of mnalIgnant sore lhsoat, Mary Ann, resond daughter ot the lat eySa. Joln E. Bradiord, formerly vicar of lit. blary-le-Wglgfrd, Lincolo. On the 25th Inst., at the resdenice of her brother-in-law, Mr. Apedalls, liontbemptou.street, Huston-equare, Sarah, sixth daughter of the late Mr. Jno. Millyate, ot Canterbury, aged 33. On ths 26th Inst., at Olapham common. Marg&ret, ihe Meoved wife ot M~r. J ames Dlavidson, aged 59). Her sod ares peace. On the 26th last., Amelia, the beloyed and devoted wife of Hfr. John P. Dexter, of Adelaide-terrace, B4syawetr, aged 33. On the 26th inst.. at Caunos Park, Middlesex, Mtarlanne, widow of the late Sir Thomuas lnlumer, Mlaster of the Rtolle, iu her 83d year. On the 26th finst., at Bonchurch, Mary, daughter of the late Nathaniel Muggeridge, Esq., of Cerehalton, aged 5i On the 26th Inst., at ilonurhurb, lee of Wight, Jocelyn, the belove4 end oniy sen ot the.ReT. Jocel1 n Will sy. On the 26th lost., Andrew Knox flusiter, late Llentt. 37th Madras Grenabdlers, aged 32. Onx the 26th Inst., Charles Henry yousgect non of EHugh Bisley, Bets., Didebury, Mdanchester, aged 5 years. ('n the 26th inst., alter a few hours' illaseps. from dlsptherltle, at the Hem h.bouse, hiear Bewdley. Herbert John Freer. agea h.ine jeers, tho only beloved son of John Freer, E4Q. On Thursday, the 26th lust., Mary, the beloved wife (fir above 50 years) of Thomas Brigeg, Esq., of No. 2, Arlington-street, 21coadWly, and Llnsoln'e-inn.lieldeu. On the 26th inist.. at mIdnight, at his residence 20, Arbour.esQuare, Cnommercil-roasd. E.. in his 76th year. ,Jansuss Faloouer, matter mariner, ma.y years commanding the EalIng Grove, tradIng to the Wett IndIes. On the 27th inst., Honora, Thereeas, aged 43, tho wife of Mr. William Vokdne, of No. 3, Great Castle-street. Itegest.street. On the 27th Inst.. at 9, Bath-place, Peckhamu, late of the Grove, Blnokheath, Janc, wile of Mir. Bt. B. Gaidgeoou, of the Banxk of Engaland.
,*om aIC LONDON GA ZETTA of Ftiday, Nov. 27. THE, INDIAN GENERAmS. WHITEEALI, Nov. 26 The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to b i paesed under the great sl granting the dignity of a Barone; of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland unto Major-General Archdale Wilson, of Delhi, Knight Com. =nander of the Moast Hon. Order of the Bath, LieutenanOColonel of the Bengal Artlery, and to the heirs male of Lia body lawfullry begotten. The Queen has also been pleased to direct letters patent Bto be Pased under tho great seal, granting the dignity of a Baronet of the united kiagdom of Great Britain and Ire. land unto Major-General Henry Havelook, of Lacknow. }night Commander of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath, -ad to the heirs male of hia body lawfully begotten. The Queen has also been pleaed to ordain and deolare that 'sabella Neill, the widow of the late Colonel James George Weill, of the Madra Fusileers, shaU have, hold, and enjoy the same stYle, nitlo, place, and precedence to which she -would have been entitled had her husband, who fell In the il1antidisoharge of his duty in India, survived, znd been nvested with the insignia of a Knight Commander of the Ncst lion. Order lof the Bath, for which honour he would have been reoommended to Her Majesty, as notified in the London Gazuec of the 17th inst., had he survived ; And also to comnand that the said Royal order and -delaration be registered in Her Majesty's College of Arms. [In substitution of notice in Goze of Tauesday last.] Ih BOARD OF GR13EN CLOTH, ~Nov. 23. he QueenL has heen pleased to appoint the RiRht Hon. uEdward Granville, Earl of St. German8, G.C.B., to be lord Steward of Hr Majest'sHousehold, in the rooma of the Rght on. redeick, arl pencr,LEG., resigned. COMMISSION OF LIEUTENANCY. The Queen has betnj pleased to issue a new CommiSsion of I.eutenancy for tim city of London. The names of the toeveral persons mentioned therein as commissioners have imen gazetted. WAR-OFFICE, PALL-MALL, Nov. 27. 24. Iedment of Life Guards.-LIlut.-Col. William HenY Cinton oaddeley, from half-pay unattached, to be Lleut.-CoI, *ice Williams, 'Who exucangts, MaJor and Brevet Lleut. Col. Francis MruetieY )lary to be Lieu$ -CoL, by purchse, vice Baddelef, who reired ; hlrtvet- aio, Gtorse Howr2d V1 toto e Major and Lleut.-ol.b Tice MartynD Lieut. Augustus Savi Lrnuley tobe Capt., b3 purce 'ice Vyre; dernot and iiub-Lieus. Jehu lienmker LOvebt to Lieut., by arachaee. vice Lurmley. 6lth Dragoon Guard.-Jcph lHeremon Perve FitzPat:Ack, igent. to be Comrns, without purchae, vice White, promoted, 7thb Dtagoo Guard.-Edward Henry O'Dowd, gent., to be Cornet, Without purchase. Id Dragoona-.(net Hugh Edoand Brownlng to be Ileut., without purchas. th Dragoou-WUilllam Jocelyn Shatto Ord, gent., to be Corne., 'Without purchase. 12kh Laght Drakoong.-domet Erasumu Glower to be Lieut.. without &puzahaee, vice lttl,ted, promoted inx the 7th LIght Dr,,goans. 13th Light Dragoons.-Cornet tHenry Joseph Toui,nin to be LIeut., without purchase, Tice Kauntze, apponted to the 7th Dragoon Iluarda; Berr..7g-ajor Thoma Geore Johnron to be Cornet, rWithOut purchase, 'rice Siavage, -promoted. 16th Lhght Dragoous.Conet Frederick Stoodley to be Lieut., withcut purchase, 17th Light Dragonso-Rdin Andrew Corbetk gent., to be Comet Without purchas. Foyal Regiment of Artillery.-Second Capt. Alfred Wllts Dyson io be lpt.; 8ecod Capt. Oadw&Ualter William Elgee to be Oapt.; -Lieut..4lhlam Lambert Yonge to be Second (Cpe.; Ieut. Charles 3 B3oeh aekoubtir to be Second Capt.; Lieut. Edward Markhasu to ko Second Capt. vice Draywon; Idcut. Henry ilchard Porter to be diewond Capt., vice Rigee. 6tb Joot.-CApt. ILR. Wildy, from half-pay 58th Foot, to be Camt 'ice eberrt, wtood appointment rrom half-pay oa the 67th Foot, as Stated in the Gazetue of the 23d ot October, h,u been canrelled. 7th Foot.-Paymagter GOdzfey Goodman Medley, from the 20th Woot, to lea PAymnaer. 8th Boot.-Lltut, Geerge Corry to be Capt., without purchase, ice ,Gould deceased. 14th Noot.-James Townsmnd Edwar. gent.. tobe Znsigu, by pur chaae, rice Bright, promoted: Qusrtermiaser John (YConnor ti be Zaoymieter. 15th Foot.-Lieut. Philip A. A. Twynam to be Ca&Dp by purchase ,Ice R. R. Moore, whoretiree; Ensign George Joseph aiaunsell to be .Leut., by purchaae, 'ice Twyman. 24th Foot.-Enaign Robert Paterson Foa, from the 35th Foot, to be deiet., by purchase, vice Johuasone. whose psoinetlon, by purchazs, an the 26th Augu t, 1867, ha. been cancelleW. 25th Foot.-Lieut. Alexander Strange to be Instructor of Mue}etry. vice (kpt. Walker, whohba resigned thattappointment; George Terry 4Carwithen, gent., to be Ensign, by purchabe, vice Bll. promoted. 33d Feat.- Capot. John James Greenw.ood. train halfpay of the 33d Foot, to be Capt., vIce FitzGerald. prom oted Ca0it. Anthuny Macgaas than,m half.paY unattacbe. to be Capt., vice Lacy. seconded, being a :Dshtltnspect ofe M0gu, etry; eLIie^t. J. S. Rogrs to be Capt., by LIene,, bhr purchase, vice Rlogers; Jam;ee PhiiSps, gent., to be Enaigo, 6ths Foot.-Easign George H&tekell to be Ll ent., without Durchae, 'vice Conyers.deeased ;EnsidgunHenury Brodrlek. from the 86th Yoot. to be Rualgo, 'riceN IL. Fhliipps diva of bls wounds. 686th Foot.-Capl. C. B. Wilkidnon, fromn the Mbithry Train. to be -Cant., 'rice Brevet.Col. J. E. Lewris, promoted to the substantive rank of Major under the Royal warrut of October 6, 184r. 73a Foot. -Capt. John Dixon,tromlralI-pay unattached to be Capt, vice Brevet-Major Bowese,eonded, belug a Distrct nspector o Musetry- Lleut. L peueer Z. F. Henulowe to be Capt., by Durchase, c ,John )lxioan, w.ho retires; Ensign Elugh Fraser to be Liens, by aurchase, ice Heuslows. 80th Foon-Caet. REan Mstapbesyan, trom balf.pa of the 14th Light Dragconusto be Capt., vioeG. D. Pitt, seconded. being Captaiu lnatructor ot Musketry at Hbthe;Liens. J. L. W. tNnn to be Capt. by bureba vice Ztucpharson, who retires - Enrign W. G. Trevor to be leut., by poichbea, vice Nuroe; Edward Vaughan Rumsey, gent., to be nign, by turchae, v'ioe Trevor. 88th Foot.-Heury Brodelick, gent., to Enuagn, by purchase, miee 'Harmon, who retiree 91at Foot.-Eonigu Walter O. Wade to be Adit., rloo iBruco wbho aissgn the Adiutancy only; Eusign and Adit. W. 0. Wade to have the rank of L3eut. ; Ensign James Blagg to be Lieut., without our -ohae vice Cramptoa, promoted In the 2d Foot: Ensign A. F. Perkin to'beoLieut.. by purchase, vioe Dewoll, promoted; Eunaln Edward Vaughan Rumu3y, from the 80th Foot, to be Ensign, 'ice Blegg. 28eth FotCapteeLtnr lexOandeoCr,itron, m half-pay Royal BtaU Cors, obeCap., iceSno, sconed,belg a District Inspector of Iuakeaey; LIrut. G.1B. Cumberland to be Capt., by pDuchase, vice Aissandor. wvho rushe; Ensign G. K.. Hllelt to be Lieutenant, by ,.urahalse. vice Oumuberlaud; Charles Edsard Wright, gent., to be Ensln, by purchare, vice Hlallet. EllIs Bd12de..-Lient. Henry Blundel HolilneheadBlundel tbe Auji.. vice Brett. promoted; Ensign iufsh Law oan to be Lteut., wfithout purchase; EnDsign and Ad5it. E:manuel J ean,. to bhve the rank of liemun.tle promoted;CahOarlePs WaolketrRobOinson, gent. tobeEnsign, 1toturchase, 'rice Lawvton; Arzobdale Robert Palmer, gent., to be .nln y pnroae..,, vice Purdon. UNATTACHED. The undermentioned offlicers to have their brevet rank -converted into substantive rank, under the Royal warrant of October 6:- To be MAJORS. ('apt. and IRrovt.Lieut..Col. J. E. Lewis, 68th Foot. 'CDt. and Brevet-Major Thomas .*e Couray Hamilton, 68th Foot. HOSPITAL STAFF. To he ASSISTANT-SURGEONS to the FORCES, Wililam Pizrre, M.D.. vice Oliver. appointed to the 29th Foot. Iheth Siam. gent., vice Cheemano appolr.ted to the 37th ifoot. W.7alter Jot,, gent, vice) Mould, appoitted to the R 8 a3 A Foot, If r:mes Jameern Li.D. vice Crulca-, appointed to the 86th Foot. 4ehn Warren, gent., vice Brown, appointed to the 80th Foot. illiam Taniner, gent., vice Farmer, apponicd to the 26th Faot. Henry Ce ioeppin. Gent., vice Btlsl, appOinted<to the Royal Actil- -Atlrzy. iearge BoJamler, geut., M.D., vice Whm,aappointid to the 99th Foot Charle oBartholomew Mathew get. 'rie.'Lrihe ppitdt 4he ot. ot Jr ieee D.n,ru M.D., vice Heard. apsointedt to the 67th Foot. WvlliameJackton,lgent,, vice Wood, appointed tethe RoyaleArt- yung Thoma Graud. MLD., vice Bel, appointed to the tRoyal WiDLiam Jamnes Gumming, MI.D., vice hkinner, appointed to the 9SM BREVET, Brevet-Cal. Si Robert Garrett, X.O.B., half-pay 46th Foot, to have Ibe loatJ rank oS Major-General is tbeaEost thdle. r Brevet-Bleut..Coi. He'll, Bovwls. ChamberlaIn. C.B., ot the 16th Btegiinent ol Be ang Na tive Infanotry, to be Aide-o-Cnmp to the CDeen, with the rank of OoL In the arm y. Major James Alexander West, retired tolt pay 84th Yoot, to be .Li, u .-Gal, In the armDy, the rank being hosora sy only. CUapt. John Dixon, ot the 73d Foot, to be Mdajor ID the army. Capt. Henry Alexander, of the 96th Froot, to be Maj or in the army, Capt. Evsan Macphertfon, ot thu S0th Foot. to be Major In she am. Brevet-Major Jokn Dixon, of the 730 Foot, to be Lteut,-Col. in the army. Brevet-Major Henry Alexander, of the 96th .oot, to be Lieut-Col. In thaearmy. Lieut.-OoL Thomaa Hall, who retired from the Grenadier Guard. by the sale of his cornaLsio on the lith of Marclx 18b7, to be CoL iu the -armyUthof Norveber, 1851. Instead of YOth of June, 184, a pro vtoudy stated. ADMIRALTY, Nov. 27. Vice-Admiral of the Blue Edward CoUier, C.B., has been appointed to receive a ponsion of 1501. a-year, as prescribed by Hler Majesty's Order in Council of the 25th of June, 1851, vacant by the death of Vice-Admiral Willi,n Fitz-william Owen, and the name of Vice-Admiral Edward Collier, C.B., has been removed to the Reserved Half-Pay List accordingly; and in consequence of this removal, the following promotions, to date from the 4th inst., have this day taken place:- Rear-Admiral of tho Red Wlliam James Mlngaye. to e WViceAdmiral of the Blue. Rear-Admiral of the White James Scott. O.B., to be Rear.Admiral ofI the Red. Hear-Adrotlal of the Blu8 Henmy 7rancis Gravilie, O.B., to he RearAdmiral of the White. Captal Russelltlott to be a Rear-Admiral on the Reseryed L lt. Captain John liphinstono Roskine to be a Hear-Admiral ot the Retired Captain Alfred Luakeaft to be an additioGal retired Bear Admi,ai without increae of pay. The following p romotions, dated the 19th in st., oonse. -quent on the death of Rear-Admiral of the White Charles Graham, C.B., on the 18th inst., havo this day taken place;- Rear-Admiral of the Blue the Right Hoo, Lord George Paulet, (.B.. to be Rear-Admiral ot the Wtite. Capt. Jaimes Hope, C.B., to be Rear.Admibal of the Blue. COMMISSIONS Signed by the Qusme. Royal Lancashire Militia Artllery.-John Blain, gent., to hr Quar- th Weist York Regiment of Miitia.-John Croker, gent,, to be <ruartermiaser. By the Lorcni.Lri ArrAT of the County it CARDIGA.s LeAwi Pugb. Rio., to bh Deputy- LIeut. Thomas Hug,bes, J: q., to be Deputy.-Leut. Thomas Jones. Rq., to be DeputLLieu t. Thomas Lewis Lloyd, Esq., to be Do puty-Leut. By the LoADi-LKivTRwANT of the County of OX'YORD. OxfordshIre Regiment of iitia,-Edwacs d Ramsey, gent., to bh nsign, Tice Asion, promoted. By the Lon D-LrxsuTN o f th e Co7unty of S TArAnDn. let Regiment ou Kig's Own Staffordseiire DUae-Georgo Willam I(-, gent., to be Ensign. B y tho OIQoc-LMUMAT Ot tih e Gounty of ABznscz ru. Royal Aberdeeusbire Reginent of MijlteLa-AlerasnderYarqubar, :Eq., to be Capt., vioe Lord Henry Gordon re.eg ued Robert El. a laylair, gent., to be EnRsome: Robertson GiIrit Xaseball, gent., to be Jin;iga; Dani N!Lood Fullarton, goent., to be Ensign By the LORen. I u-n-si,- of the Coanty of Lot NcAsTeRa. fluke of 1an n a ter' Own R>egimen t of Yeomasuzry 1anry .-'ent. ilm h dward Roy d to b e03pt. Cp..'iceCrook, deceadead Corn et the Hon. Arthwar dwar HollndGrYgrertonrto, commonly called Lor Viscount Grey de Wiltou, to be Lieut., vice Egeonon, p.romooted thrcharlesPaik Esq.,t to ,ire irt., 'rice Roys, promoted; Jamess DbDaarrtra. joDt4. geOt bo be Cre; Job thnb FicholaFakery, gent,, to be Cornet, ~ ~ co or BY the LOnnDLrsourAamT of the County of Lmr Enza. LGCErderahire Mfltlrte-Frederick Jam es Louis Wyatt, gent. late of lLo. KInges owu Light Infintry Militia, to be Lieam,; cRey P. liii x ,ct,late Ot the Royal Dracoong, to be Lieu% ; J h , AIe2bD. or Wiil.ra Wileons goat.. to be Xnrlgu; Thomass Aiexar,d,r Leigh bir,e. ge.,r., to be i3sign ; David DowIe. g,nt., to be Enslgr B th Lon-Lcuxrc,,, ofthe '.wNN. HAIM, F.TS. Ringa Ou LghtInt~tr stgimnt f tita.-Cadwallaler Ed. W~,s,. ies apt.Couty Dbli MulI.,tobeape ic~i,nOe, reaLce; Arua Lory,lat Cat. cingh Olt.,vice Hiumby. resignd, t be apt. LenardStrog, got.,to e Let., vice stutter. land reerse; ho,-~n Ol5rae, a1.,M.D to Beurg., vice 11iaoa, By the LoF.D-Li 'uTxij-T of the County Of MThDLESSI let r lyalEss Esoleer egineo ofAlsltla.-Vrederir Whtte Chritia, gut. to e Esim vie Joes.resgne; Iredierlck Pratt Worey.gen..to a Esln. lueSmilepro.ocd;Cl,rles Warwier Barpfy's eip, gnt~ tobe nsin. iceVerro. Prowoied ; Horace Arthr Wllp gen.. 0 t Ee'gn iceNewon.prO)moted. 5thor oya Rlho,,eLigt ILeuryRegiment ot Middlesex Mritla~Roerlg &cD,oal Capbel t O h Enign, vice Hawked, B3y the30 LODIdgUTc.INT Of the County Of SUSSEX. Artillery Bectailon of tire Eojal Suasex Militia -Edward Maxid. Millian Bethune, senut., to be 8heovird Lieut., vice Henry Lloyd Nicisolson, PromUoted ; Citffoc,4 Fortescue Borrtr, gent., ta be Seownd Lieut , vice GeorgeEll,ose Clark,., promoked. Light Infautry Battaliou of tha Royal Siasex MlBtla.-Lieu'. George Meek to be Cape. vise Henry, resAined. By the LOlDo LraUTIcN,ANT2 Of -he COUnty Of RExSuv. Royal heck. 14hnla.-Algeraonx L.ewis Mtdley, gent., to be Ensgn, vice Wtgmi, promnoted. Byp khe LoiLD IaEuTE.cABT of the County of ScLtiNGc. Stlsllngshire a,d Ht.islar, Ilreraoers Light Infantry Resiment of Militia,- Jbhn rhomsonz, aqo, to be biurg., vic Gibson, resigned. (This aycDolotmuens is onbAltitotd foe that which appeared In the Gazect'. or the 20th ot Ootober last.] By the LuenD-LcoUTEAINTsr Of the CoUnty of BunKs. Royal kietka Milittls-Froderlok Everett, gent., to be Ensign, vice Voules, promottd. EThia appaintment ls eubstituted for thst which appeared In the Gazette" of the Itch icet.] By the Lorvss-LrxuTsNt.en-r of the Towxrt HEAKI.Er Kieg's Own Light lnfantsp Rtegisnent of 1Mlltla-W0iisz Lewfis Kulbach, gent., to be Ensign. This "Gazette" cotatona a notice thatthae folowing plact has beens duly reglterea for thet woleminization of marriages therein: Bible Chrietlon Chapel, TAvistock, Deyonshire ArYTNEesHiThd DISSOLVED. J. Knowles and W.' Clarke, Manchbester, p tntees.-Tnraer and Showoll, Birmiushamn, mettallc lien manufacturers-Havdwlck and Crayen, L.ee's, or elsewhere, iroomouldems-Tern Foundry Company, Tyrle v. litslereelrbix, ironfoundere-J. Sparrow, J. II. k eArsx, and D. Hendricx, Wrexhai,, Denbigheihire, Ironmaates.--lNrrAnley, Hfougiton, and Fox, lAverpwel. combmanufacturers; as far asregazdis Rt. M0. Fox.- W. Ifaoocks and J. Young, Darleeton, Sitaffordshrire, belaer nakevw.-A.J L..I T. IL.. and It Teerler, Soush Audley-street, Groarenor.a.quare, grilderoths; as far as regards A, J. Tendler.-- Chambens und Jamnes, Se..thlcjg.lan, aud AMdergate-streos, ale imer. chants,.- Yeore and Chapman, ifucLiehare, Norrolkr, mnlllers.-G. MI. Grant sad J. RhoLe, Cl,eapidde, truoknmskses-HeeD and dllupr-on, Matcchester, cownAmenlon agenits.-J. Culciough,. T. Beardmrore. and B. C&Atwrlgnt. Lonaton, Staffordetire, insanufacrurr of earthenwareBiarnett and Co., sh'p agents.-G. andi C. Bowring, Flc3kerirmg-terracs, Blayswater. and North.vtr6et, Edgware-road, dyers.-. Parse, sad E. PAssey, Jun.. Worcester, deaers in chin -.-Oulver soil Taylor, Fol'.,ncne-seet, Barn,bury, V.ldamlths.-T. Ashmore and and Sons, Lime-street, rseehbants.- Nsylor and Booth Bradford, Y.rkshire worsted spinnors.-T. N. Swift and Co., ~udderadeld: and sisewimtre. dealers in oonton.-W. anad J. Alidrtwa Salitsbury, eurgeons.- J. D..Ily and Co., Manchester, machine mnakees.-Poyeer and Co., UDpper Rilse, dtalfotdshire. silk dy emr-R. Capper and 0. Dale, Hsuley, Staffordshire, shoo manufactarres.-A. Jesper and Co., Brad. ford. Yorkshire, tailors; as far as regards C. Wilson J Jeese' and S. Jesper. ji,u.-W. Acknoyd and Ca., Otlty and ErAfIord, Y2ork. rhire worsted iplnners ; s.c far as regards T. Dunecan--W. ana T. Joleiffe, Liverpool, steamboat ownera.-Newey and tiottisell, finming. haur brick deslers,-l. Ciloed and Co., Wells-trceot, Oxford-street, coad' buildess.-T.Soslth and Co., Groat Mdarlborough-atreet, carpet manulacturois.-,J. and ]W. Biell, and ]EL laroourt, Cannbridge, icon. mongers;- - fm laxas recarda 11. , Laroourt.- E. PatM&A andi J. Nelther. injiham, Tbeoirald?'sros, buildere-Leach and Gunsey, Giauens. J.M'Coerton eutarliJodsn, Wlganm ongere.Boltd,v Cofver, anand Co. Lverporol, photographilrtse;, asofrta rAbegardooselJer-Doveond d3. Jold 4.-F74, et. Wedtt.nex and tehrot ener-usteuet, city, p lacrs as far. Edwarcda'4 P. Wattlls,-eat.o n aok lmnh 3. 7mlst-oon, dirnueneofn. ioonnger-firs net adlo lb.,u anyuMonday atdder.aC,.natn'r. Edwadvenmen ury- il-ret J . Gordon, RcdAe an d Lace,tboothlasutoi,bco meefltler-modByt d0. 4o. 7ad * nWdnea ex n treayheu Wednesday, t , aterr Lvrpo Wr. Jdwardn's, Woaslnali-outsarhee. lnano-iftdv f2.2 WedneSaudays, at, Sir. Edakrds', Nsswcghtleuptreetn. IL F. i3cotc, Wailsend, Northumberland, iron rnanufecturer-flret div. of 9 5 3Id, on the separate estate, any Saturday. at Mdr. Baker's, Vewsca&e1&puon.Tys.e. S. litaluton. hismalegham, licensed victualler-first div. of Ild., any Thurdsdy, at Me Chnietle's BirminghAam. T. Sturton anid EI. Key, Holbeach. Liecolnshlre, acriveners-.flrs dBr. of I. Gd or toeseprteestte o P.Sturon, andfrst div. of 7s. on the eparte ,tat ofE. Ky. o Moday,the lorsIst., and three It.Wily,L bate. lnsdraerlir dv.Of 12..,hMonday next L. Hrefil.Acciagon,tailor-first dlv. of 39d,, any Tuesday, at Mr. Henmns ace r. BANKRUPTCY ANNULLED. Willam Orford, areat Yarmouth, groce. BANKRUPTB. Jn.eph Hayward, Andover, innkeeper, to murrnder DMe 4, at hgafpaet 1 o'clock, Jan. 12. at I, at the Jankrupta' Court: rolcictrs Mr. Godwin, ]frwx-court, Temple; Mr. tareeslleld, Winchester Moilca assIgnee, Mr. Graham, Coleman-mtreet. Johaun HeluricO21beodorBStccknisrr, and Christian Gotlieb Steoxdel laiDslghaill-elreet, commirsion merchants, Dec. 4, rat half-peat I2 o'clock,.3Jan. 7.at 12. at the BankruPts' Court : solicitor, Msr. Elm&lle, Lombard-steet : officla1 assignee. Mr. Jobnwon, Basingnall-street, I hoiras Johu Green, Mark-lane, tiroYisoion merchant, Dec. 3. at balf. s~at 12 o'clooe. J.n. 7, as 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. E~vans, Coleman-istreet; official assignee, Mr. Johaaon, Baesinglhall. George Bean, Cheapelde, hurter, 'Deo. 8, Jan. 5, at 12 o'clock, at the Bankrupts Court: solicitors, Messr. Davidson sand BrAmbury, Wee. vere -fhail ; odiefl assignte, Mr. Bell, Cilensan-street-buildMags, HeEuyj Benjxnismm Meely. Granthamn and elsewhereto Llnoonhwice. and G, eat Vias street, Rese6nt-street. deutist, Dec. 8, at 12 o'clock, Jan. 5. at hall-p-set LI, at the isanknruts ODurt: Woicitor, Mtr. Lewis, Bedford-row; official assignee, Mr. Johnson, Bmetlngali-street, George Smith Jewell, Willow-walk, Bermondsey. and Albany-road, Camber-well. buildler, Dee. 8, at 3 o'clock. Jan. 11 at 12, ut the Bankrupt' CoDurt: s)olctors MIeere Bine, Robinson, and Biavooak, Char. terho,awe-souare; offi.loi asmgnee Mr.'Lee Aldermanbury. Janmea Werreuer. Jfurlington-arcads. dazler In fancy goods, Dec. 30, Jan, 12, otIl o'clock. at the llaskruepla'Court: solicitors, Mrs-ri uMaon and Stunt, Gresbamn-etreet; official assignee. Mr. Edwards, Bosinghall. etreet. Edward HermsunRhnl and Herman Freystadt, litaimford-stgeet, B[ cfrSr,cp manufacturers Dec. 8, at half-past 2 o'clock. Jan. 12. at.atteBsnkrnpte' Court: solicitor, Mr. Ablett, Newcusler-street, Strand ;offcliaassignee, Mr.ELee,Aldermsnbury. William Thooriown. IAchtSeld, raller, Dec. 7. Jan. 4, at half-pat 10 O'clock. at tha Birminaham District Court ot Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mir. Crabb. Ri,geley; and Messgs. Jameis and Knight, Birmilngham; official sassignee, Mer. Christie, Biirmingham. Wuilliam Heury Duncan Aldridge, Great Bridgo, Staffordshire, tiUoer, Dec. 10. Jan, 8. at half peAst 11 o'clock, at the Sirmingoamn DI,tritt Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Messr. Southall and Nelson, 1ilrmluighari: , fflcela asiguee. Mr. Whitmore, Birmlngharn. Simon Lucs, junn,. Birrmingham, grocer, tfec. 10. J.n. 8, al halfpa,t 11 o'clccK. .at the liirmingham District Court of Bsiskruptcy: solcietirn, Meeams fSouthall and. Nelson, Birminghamn; olicisa assignee, Mir. Whumore B;rminlscani. J.,hn Morn-. Wilsall. Staffordehire, grocer, Dec. 7. Jan. 11, at half. past 10 o'u3loct, at the Birmingham Dictrit Court of Bankruptcyeolicitoro, Mr. Wilkinron, juu., Wea"ll; and Meumrs James antd KCnight, Birinhrbnjasn; official assignee, Mlr. NVhitmore, Birminghamn Rticha,d Robl.y and Edmund Watter Briggs. Nottingliam, lace: manulaotureru, Doec 8, Jan1.12I, at half.paet 10 o'clock, at tihe Birmisigham District Court of Bankiruptcy, Nottingham: solicitors. Mlessrs. Bowley and Ashweil, Nottingham; officia assignee, Alir. Morris, Not. tierbans. JohnL William Bilison, Lelcester, bDokokller, DeM 8, Jan. 12, at h%1f.p%dt 10 o'clock, tit the Bernimmgham District Court of Bankruptcy, Nottlnghiam ; solicitors, Messrs. WA.daworta and Watson, Blrmiing. ham; olficisi asarinee, Mlr. Barrie, Nottinghamn. Johin Minoblu, Newpot.Monmoutlihirhs milliner, Dec. 8, Jan, 5, at 11 o'clock, at the Bristoi Dharict C;ourt of Bankrupoty : solicitorsc. Mr. C,thcart, Newport. ?ionmoutheblre; 1sleears. i3evan and GirILog, Bri,tol; official asrignee, MIr. Acrernan, Briatol. Derlc.a manrer DJ e B.Flk , Jtr10 'clock, S.Jan.s14, at,atlorhecExe21r .Forouh;er ludonJ. Exeter; offlcall asmsignchnt.-ee, M. inl Exeer Jalour,phiuewhar,liveroour. Bhprokdauer, uder.writeJan,e1,011 'coc. at te liverpo DisW P trectCAust eufrBank mruphcy: solicitor-, NeYr. E ONerowm and PeacOxok lvrpool; oan cia assignee, Ca .bidnrod, Lilve. pool.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~0 C. Posey nd 3 Stel, Milwal, tmber ncohn's.-in,deaer18,n Balour Peue'ehal-cuct Bradstret unerWr lker.-c 18mme J.Melvlle end W. B. MorrieAsoen,frialey, mecanuaturs. -Dec. 18, 1 Bt O'clkk.ya de-theRracean Thisleendoatd,I, aisley.Ds 2,I.HBaly Newmantret, Oxford-stree, andleehi ecent ai. IoCl ,amd ten-rAd-vllas De. 3 Ioetso. Bargke, gardenier. bGrkeelhadcnr.o-iDee. 42 W hrlat2 18coc, W dat d StamfollyRd, Glasgwer-a.1,C ae, oetr al Wae.-Jacal.?e, Dlagie, w. awnse,iunlactuer,-oc 18, H. atI erlok te tihelpson,SHalehble, ner aifx olerhot-oc 8,U Wipeny Amedbry YrkhH e COoRN e clohEanAGEurra -Dene. 8,H Wely.ABerageosludeeiedein jorwe n dealer. 21 157 The Avetage ?doe of fBzown or ?,lusooynAo BSuar, ODmput-ed from tl e rjturns ma%de in the week ending the 11thi of Novemnber, exclusIve of dutis~Ior haybletheeonon heimportatlon tbertgA a. d. LromUthe Britsh poeteerlona In AmerI . 28 i per owt. F.om the ?daurittue .No return. Yrnm the Ba~~~~~~t..No return. rBy authority ofarloamentru. Hrcesu y NrSBr BICixu, C:lerk oftheb Grocere Company
IXDrAN JfASSACRES. TO THEB EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Pablic opinion seems to have decided the question of the Nauz Sahib being a most outrageous scoundrel. It eems questionable, however, whether he is worse than his neighbour tho Nawab of Furroakabad, whose ruffianism I think has hardly been appreciated. The Nana had, or pro. tended to have, a grievance; the Nawab does not even make ihat pretence. Some years ago the immaculate Govera. ment of Oade tried to annoe the Nawab's dominions and to Ignore his exLstence; our Government stepped in to his asis3tanoe. He was brought up among the English, pro. fessed far greater affection for them than ever his rival in seoundrelism, the Nanai, profesed, and offered to marry the dauahter of a deceased English officer. The young lady subsequently married an officer who was stationed at Futtehghur at the time of the mutiny. The officer himself 1i dead. Where the young lady is may be surmised, for her name has not appeared in the list of sufferers, but her mother was one of three English ladles that this feroclons monster wantonly blew away from his guns. Yours obediently, A VOICE FROM INTA. E IndiaUnited Bervice Cub, Nov. 26.
BA iL WA Y AND MINLNG SHA RBS. Friday Evening. In railway shares there has again been a general advance of i to 1A per cent. Caledonian, Laucashire and Yorkshiie, and York and North Midland were chiefly in demand. The market continues to be strengthened by the repurchases of speculators for fhe fall, but the arrangements for the approaching settlement show that the public during the last fortnight have largely absorbed the leading stocks. Great Northern exceptionally declined, on the directors' report proposing a small dividend only for the past half-year. Canadian shares advanced, and East Indian closed 2 per cent. higher from the announcement of the approaching termination of the double government; all the smaUer descrip tions of Indian were also in active demand at enhanced rates. French, except Southern of France, Lombardo-Venetiaa, Dutch Rhenish, and West Flanders show a slight improvement. American securities generally left off with increased firmness. No important alteratiou occurred in mines. A further rise har, taken place in joint-stock banks. in miscelianeous recurities the transactions wara unusuaUy numerous, and some de?criptions, especially London General Omnibus, advanced; in the latter case over-speculative slea have been made, and the shares are in demand for delivery. ORDINARY SHAILES AND STOOXS. PRICES OF SHARES. CANALS. rmingba% 8S1 Leed & Liverpool, 501 Ito.hdae, 80 Grandui voin Leiceter & N'pton. 13 Warwick & Birm., St Grancl ctlon, 49i Oxford. 1t6 Warwick& Napton, 9 Rennet and Avon, 61 RegentX, 16 152 Woroepr 1 Birn, 161 WATERWORKS lEatLn, 4 10 Lambeth. 95 Southwark and Vauseadt London. 100 West Allddtesex, 99 ha, 89. Ditto, 5 p. o. prefL. 25 BRIDGES8 H *B1IDG31l. }}unger20rd. 6i Vauxhall, 17i GASLIGJIT AND COKE COMPAMs. British Prov., 222 Imperial, 69 South Metrop., 341 4 Brlghton, L* Fbomnx, 47 w4estD7Dtorar 52i Equitable, 44s INSURANE 003tPAdNIE:9. hlbion, 95 Eng. & SJ Law Life, 1 Indemnity &rine, 130 Alianoe Brlt.&For. 16* Globe. S2 Lw v Io, 63 County, 85 [xd. Guardlan. 48 Morine. 75 Orown, 19i Imperial Life. 17* i Rook IAfe, 7i
TAADE REPORT. Friday Evening. SUGAR.-There is more confidenea to-day in the market, and sugar has been greatly in demand. The transactions have been large, at prices above those ruling in the earlier part of the week, and holders are not quite such wlling sellers as before. The transactions on the spot amount to 1,000 hogsheads West India, making 3,012 for the week; 1,500 hogsheads Cuba, of direct and indirect import, at 34s. 6d. to 37s.; 2,500 boxes Havannah, browns 35s, to 36s. 6d., yellows 38. to 41s.; 100 hogsheads Porto Rico at 40s.; and at auction 3,523 bags Bengal dates, DLmmas at 28s. to SO3., (urputtas 37s. to 40s. Gd.; and 1,566 bags fanilla unclayed, 32s. to 32s. 6d. per cw. A floatingeargo of Havannab, No. 10. consisting of 1,700 boxes, has been sold at 24s. for Bnistol. COrnEX.-There wrere 235 cuka, 200 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon at auction, that sold freely at the extreme rates of yesterday RICE.-Thelow rate at which white Bengal and Balbam rice hasbeen sold has caused some demand, but there is nothing to be met with on the same terms. SALTPr.xRX has been more inquired for, but the business is confined to 6S0 bags, as there are not general sellers at the present prices of 39s. 6d. to 40s. for 4i per cent, and 2.1 per cent, refraction. COCOAN UT OILQ-146 cask.iCochinin sale were all bought in at 46s., and 9() casks good middling to good Ceylon at 40s. to 42s. per cwt. TuRmBB c.-444 bags Madras in publio sale to-dAy sold at fully previous rates; ordinary to good, 13s. to 17s. per cwt. TALLOw.-The market closes firmer; 49s. 6d. in paid for the year, 50s. 6d. is demanded for January to March, and 51s. 6d. offered for March.
COU.RS. OF EXCHANGE, Friday, Nov. 27. _-I.ISTOL SUGAR-MA1IKET, Friday, Nov. 27.-- Scarcely any business has been transacted here during the past week, and prices are almost nominal. Refiners' pro. duce sells to a moderate extent atformerrates. Ruri is rather dull.
RAIL WA Y INTTLLIGENOE. RAILWAY RECEPTS. A:Je taffio returns of rilways in the united kingdem published for the week ending November 21 amounted to 421.6701., and for the corresponding week of 1856 to 419,4301., showing an increase of 2,2401. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their termini in the nmetropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 169,889?., and for the corresponding week of last year to 173,1411., showing a decrease of 3,2521. The decrease on the Great Northern Railway amounted to 2,4081.; on the London and North-Western to 1,8191.; on the London and Blackwall to 271.; and on the London and SouthWestern to 2141.; total, 4,4681. But from this must be deducted 1161., the increrse on the Eastern Counties ; m21. on the Great Western; 1821. on the London, Brighton, and Soath-CoAst; and 361. on the South. Eastern, together ,2161., leaving the decrease, as above, 3,2521. The receipts on the other lines In the united kingdom amounted to 251,78U., and for the correspond. ing period of 1856 to 246,2891., showing an increase of 5,4921. in the reoeipts of those lines, from which must be deducted the docrease on tho metropolitan lines, leaving the total increase 2,2401. as compared with the corresponding week of 1856. The following are the receipts of railways for the past week:- GREiT NORTHERN. The directors of this company have issued a report to be submitted to the proprietors on Taesday. It states that in the report issued on the 21st of August last the directors duly published I a scheme showing the profits of the corapany since the precoding half-yearly meeting, at which a dividend was declared" (as the Companies Clauses Act re. quires), after retaining the whole earnings of the last half of the year 1856, of 243,9231. This sum has been appropriated by the Act of Parliament of this year to repurchase the amount of the stocks fraudulently created and LssaedbyRedpath, and to repay all expenses incurred by the company by reason of his frauds and forgeries. Particulars of the expenditure of the 243,9231., and of any amoant that may be re. covered from Redpath's estate, will be published after the eompletion of the purchase of the fraudulent stocks. It is expected that this account will be ready by the next halfyearly general meeting. The amount of such profits now to bo divided is 183,2761. Under the recent decree of the Court of Chancery it is only competent for the meeting to declare a dividend on the footing of paying thereout to the preference stockholders a full year's dividend, which will be be 168,1251. leaving 15,1511. to be divided among the holders of original stock, including the A and B stocks. This wiU yield a dividend of 6s. per cent. on the original stock, and therefore of 12s. per cent. on the B stock and none on the A stock, leaving a small balaneo to be carried to the next account. The great majority of the proprietors wil no doubt be much disappointed at this resalt of the legislation and litigation of this year. The directors can only say they have donetheir best to carry iuto effecttheresoluttons of the meetings of March and July last. It is not their fault that the bill was drawn so as not properly to express the declared Intention of the company and of the committees of both Houses of Parliament, who unanimonsly adopted it In the belief that they were thereby making all classes of shareholders contribute to the loss caused bylRedpath's forgeries,an intention which the Lord Chancellor said in his judgment might reasonably have been entertained by Parliament, "as the whole act was a compromise" between the different classes of shareholders, who were all reiuced to an equal difficulty, only it had not been clearly expressed. Nor was it the directors' fault that after this defect had been discovered and amended in the House of Lords the House of Commons was induced to disregard the opinion of their own committee, who had heard the case fully argued, and to defeat the compromise unanimously adopted by the committee of each House by retaining this technical defect in the BilL The decsion will no doubt seriously affect the relative position of the different classes of shareholders in many companies, by giving a new and unexpected value to what have been hitherto ealled preference shares, and effacingthe recognized distinction between them and guaranteed shares. After all, the original shareholders must remember that the result of these proeeedings, however unfairly brought about, is only equivalent to that which was eontemplated by the Bill first introduced by the directors and stopped by Lord Redesdale, wlhich would ultimately have thrown the whole loss on the ordinary stock, by capitalizing it at their expense. The directors sincerely regret the distress which has been occasioned to many of the proprietors by the rerusal of one House of Parlaument (or the person who exeroises Its authority) to allow that loss to be made easy by capitalizing it, and of the other to sanction the coiupromise by, which the payment of the whole out of one half-year's income was agreed to on the condition of aU parties contributing to it. The directors venture also to remind the proprietors that no good can now be done by furtber complaints. The report further states that it is impossible to foresee what course may be taken at the approaching nieeting by those who have created the disturbance at tbe last two; but that the time Is coming when no company will get persons of character to serve them as directors if they are to be insulted by their oonstita. ents whenever they meet them publicly, and not even allowed to make the speeches necessary to conduct the buminess without interruptions. If the proprietors think their business would be better done by such persons as those who usually distinguish themselves by imputing the worst possible motives to the present directors in a1l their acts it is easy for them to say so, and as soon as that opinion is deliberately expressed it shall be immediately acted on. The proprietors are also reminded that aoiong the business adjourned is Mir. Greening's vote of censure on the directors, whiuh is necessarily connected with the consideration of the report of -Messrs. Giesler Melins, and NVkaters, three members of the late comrinttee of Inquiry. With regard to the report of the conmmittee on the frauds of Redpath, the directors state that the committee have donet absolutely nothing towards suggesting any specitic improvement or alteration whatever they have added nothing to the information possessed by the public long before their report came oit; thsy' have elucidated nothing, except their own iucapidty for dealing with the subject they professed to Jz,ectgate. But, althoagh the committee who were speciall Ispoined for this purpose have failed to point any specific defect. or to make any specific saggestion, and have left the matter exactly as they found it, the directors have doiW otherwise. They have been favoured with informa*1cti froma n ne of ths principal raUlwy companies as to thaj'stae,n previously in use with them and the modiff6atiOU m d.de by them since the discovery of Redpath's fraud. Itipp-ars tbat there is not one in which fraud ot the game kiad might not have been committed and gone on: for a considerable timne without being discovered. InAeod, it bas been already stated that the plan of reistration and signing of dividend warrants of the company was origi. nally founded on that parsued by the Londoa and North-Western; and in consequence of -the discorery made at the expense of the unfortanate proprietors of this company all the others have already made alt;rations in their lsystems more or leu radical and more or lees complete. Theystate that it fi probably impcedble to invent any system of checks which can be relied upon as a complet3 protection, where the fraud of one party is helped by the collusion of some and the negligence of others, and tliat It is only after long experienoe and the discovery of most' un-xpected modes of fraud that the Bank of Englandc and the Exchequer-bill Office have arzived at their preaent system, which, after all, can only be pronounced perfect untiL some new Bletcher, Redpath, or Smith demonstrates its imperetion. But the directors hope that the plan vwhich wilt be henoeforvard pursued in this company will at least do alt that can be done to anticipate any conceivable fraud being carred on without being speedily found cout. LEEDS, BR&DFORD, AND HALIFAX JUNCTIO'N. The quarterly meeting of this company was hold at Bradford yesterday. Mr. Edward Akroyd, M.P., presided. Mr. Cawood, the secrettry, read the report, an ab4ract of which has appeared in The nimes. The CuARxxar, in moving the adoption of the report. congratulated the shareholders upon the completion and. opening of the railways for which the company had obtained Parliamentary powers. The Ardsley branch was opened simultaneously with the Leeds and Wakefield line, on the 10th of October, thus completing a sborter_cA)mmna nication than formerly between Bradford and Wakefi l' end Halifax and Wakefield. It was also a more direct route to London, and, after the 1st of December the traffic manager, Mr. Clarke, had arranged that the London expres train should ruan on the Ardsley branch. The Ardley branch would give to the important coal-oonsumin istricis 'Which this company's line acoommodated wccess to the large beds of coal in the neighbourhood of Barnsley and Wakefield, including Rothwell, Lofthonse, and Middleton. The increase in the receipts durlng the last quarter as compared with the corresponding quarter of last yearwas,100l, and as compared with the preceding quarter ther eceipts showed an increase of 430C This inrcase, happily, enabled them to pay the dividend upon an additional capit,l of 27,0001., and at the same time to crry to the reserv4i fa ad 761. He considered that this waas a verygratifying state of things. He wasafraid that he could not promise tht thie next quarter's receipts would present quite so flourshing an aspect, in consequence of the depression of tradeA n the district. At all events, the directors3had confidence in the ultimate prosperity of the undertaking. Mr. W. PEEL seconded the motion for the adoption of the report.f The C'AIRM3AX, in reply to questions, atate4thattthe directors were turning their attention to the develop'ment of tho local traffic, and would feel obliged to any shareholder who would correspond with the managing committee poiating out any error in the management or suggest anything by which traffic could be brought upon the line. There woald be another call of 11. per share, which would bring up the shares to 201. paid. The resolution for the adoption of the report then passed unanimously. A dividend for the quarter, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, on 18,000 shares, was declared, and a vote or thanks to the charman and directors concluded the business. ILLINOIS CENTRAL. It appears that this pOnspany had sold 318,894 acres of land from the lst of Jahuay to the end of October last for $4,386,014, and, including previous sales, a totai of 1,184,105 acres for $15,099,242. The traffic receipts on the' line for the month of October last amounted to $243,0655 and for October, 1856, to $306,177, showing a decrease of $63112. The total receipts from the 1st of January, 18i7, to tue end of October amounted to $1,985,704, and for the corresponding period of 1856 to $2,012,873, Bhowing a decrease of $27,169.
THZ COPN TPRADE. OUBN-EXCHAfqQa, MARY`*LA2N-z WJMAZDA NOV. 21. The supgly of EngliaLb corn, grain, flOur, &J. to this mark.,t derkg the week as been rely 1imited, with very f iw coDtch and Irish otas. FOrelgo Wheoat and barley are liberal, and oAT again heavy, 'With some further Supplies of Ameriea.L To-day the wheat trade must be Quoted much firmer, but there is Inot mucth businebs doing, the supply being so short. Barley deare to. day than on 'he two preTious market days. Otas sbow grest firmnea4 and in some Instances more money is obtoAned. Plour worth ii. more than on Monday Inst for country marki. Beans6 peaa, and IndLan oo ihu areal alteration. ARIUtVAMS. JrOtzr,T MOM, 1,190 awks;dtto,dl forelgn, I,010 at nd,'b s l Bll,970 qra. L rVBRPOOL, Nov. 27. Tho arrlTals from Irelbnd and ooa3twise since Tue3day h ae been gmalL From foreiga Ports we hive recelred 12118 quarters of wheat, M47 quarters of Indian corn, 1,869 qU&rters of b6ans. 8S9 sacks ant 12,374 barrels of flour, beoides 2.667 quarters of whe,t. 263 qutees o 0Otv 101 lacks and 5,442 brcels of flour from C& n The erports the saine time comprise 1,836 quarters ot wheat, 450 quarers of Indian corn, 916 sacks and 1,452 barrela of flour. Thee ha beea considerable lIrmuesm in the trade during the uast two days, and where sales havo been mrade higher prices have generally ben realized. The weather has become wintry, and we have had keen frot since Tuesday. At this day'e market there was a fair attendanre of the town and country trade, and some buyer3 from Irelaud. Wheat again met with a brisk demeand (or consuption aod on aveculatf on, and bgequantity changed hands at a furtber advance of Id. to 2der7si.on rime, and 3d. on common and inferior. Flor was held for 6d. to L per barrel and mack more money, but was comparsteye unedectdOats and oatmeal, with amoderatedemand, may be quoted the turn dearer. Barley and peas remalieedrihont al~tirton In value, but bean wore again lowrer, Egyptian being Obtabinable at 33. to Si. per 4SOlb. Indian cogs at first rras quite as easy ao buy as on Tuesday, but, an .ad. sance being telegraPhed from Londen. holders began to ask more muoney, and before the dome of the mnarket an advance ot 6d. to is. per quarterv wasetabliried, wrefowad mixed American being gold at SIs., and Galat2 and Ibrail at 54a. to S6s per quarer. WA ArIIELD, Nov. 27. We haes a fair show of wheat at market to-day, and the ftsde ruleg Armer at an adsvace of la. per quarter ou the rates of lat week. Fine barleyt s. rer quarter dearer ; in other sorts no chang. Beans, oa%, and shelling eoch rasher lower. Wbeat, per quarter ef 8 bushels 691bl a. g. t.n s. Eex. Suffolk, and Kent white .. 55 to 59 54 to 59 Bedt . .0 52 48-53 Norfolk andCambridgewhit 54 - 57 52 - 5 Red . . .. 48 - 60 *5 - 49 Lrncohlshire and Yorkshire white St - 66 44 - Red . .. 48 50 SD t 48 Dautsic and Jiongfbirt ., .. 51 - 656 - 58 Batlcaldtc ambur red .. 41- 4 9 48 - 4 Mediterrmnean . . . . .. 48 - - Bailey, Der quarter of S bushels:- Norfolk and Suffolk Imer 6 43 Yorkshire and Linoonhire . per bushel *- 1 _ SO - - 3 Scih, ditto - 32-5 Saale, Imperial . . 40 Orindlng,5211b perbushel -29 - 0 - AVZYRAGI PRICtK rol TEHE WJ nn 'n 55
LONDON, SATURDAY, OYBEMBEB 28, 1857. An ancient conqueror was said to have chained victory to his chariot. The Emperor of the FRENCH appears to have secured a similar hold on success. If his visits to Windsor and his interview at Stuttgart recorded his admission into the family of Kngs, M. DuPr's return to official functions in the Court of Cassation may be considered as the most authentic acknowledgment that the present Government is practically and regularly established. The weakness of the Empire has always consisted in its dependence upon the army and. the people, to the exclusion of the refined and educated classes. The literature of France is scarcely represented among the supporters of the reigning dynasty; and the old Parliamentary celebrities naturally keep aloof from a system in which there is no place for eloquence or for indepenieent action. M. DE MouTAmrM2EmR soon withdrew, from religious or sectarian motives, his hasty adhesion to the Power which had superseded the Republic. M. GUIZOT consoles himself for the loss of liberty at home by denunciations of English policy in all parts of the world. Even M. Tnixas, the most persevering and effective prophet of BoNAPARTISM, abstains from an open adhesion to the heir and imitator of NAPOLEON. M. DurP'i?, a personage of equal importance with any of the ancient leaders of the Chamber, has been the first to recognize the absolute Monarch who now reigns as the legitimate successor of three constitutional Sovereigns. The significance of his recent appointment principally depends on his public resignation of the same office in 1852. The AttorneyGeneral of the Court of Cassation has never been considered a political functionary; and even under the Parliamentary system, like the QUEEN'S Advocate in England, he retained his post without reference to the state of parties or to changes of Ministry. M. DuPIN himself was Procureur-Gen6ral for two and twenty years, including the whole reign of Louis PHriPzP, the Republic of 1848, and the commencement of the Dictatorship assumed by Louis NAPOLEON. During a large portion of the same period he was President of the Chamber of Deputies, and the coup d'ftat of December found him holding a similar position. in the National Assembly. During the continuance of the OitrEAnisT Monarchy he was generally in opposition, or rather he was at all times the acknowledged leader of the so-called Tiers Parti, although he was known to be the confidential friend and adviser of Louis PHILiPPE. "<He " revenged himself," it was said by an unfriendly critic, "on the Ministers of the CnowN for his " complaisance to the KING." No living French politician can look back on a longer career of eminence. During the Hundred Days M. DuPiN voted against the servile proclanmation of NAPOLEON as the "saviour of his " country." After Waterloo he was one of the first to propose the abdication and to resist the hopeless pretensions of NAPOLEON II. The Restoration threw him into the ranks of the Constitutional Opposition, and his professional engagements brought him frequently into connexion with the parties who were then proscribed. One of the ablest advocates at the bar, he defended Sir ROBERT WILSON in the affair of LAVALETTE, as well as a more illustrious and unfortunate victim of the law. It was M. DUPLN who devised for Marshal NEY a technical defence founded on the capitulation of Paris, and at the same time drew up the apparently extemporaneous refusal to profit by so ignomiinious a plea, which afterwards electrified the Court and audience when duly delivered by the indignant prisoner. In the midst of his forensic practice and political activity M. DuPnI found time to become one of the most prolific of modern writers on jurisprudence. It is said by those who depreciate his powers that his treatises, which rival in number those of CHrirT or of AREOHiOLD, are rather ready and useful than profound; but their author has never been accused of deficiency in any species of practical ability. " He can even "write Latin," it was said, "bad Latin, it is true; " but after all it is Latin." One of his sources of influence has always been derived from the ready humour which accompanies his unfailing good sense. AIthough well born and wealthy M. DuPiN alwayB affected the character of a rough country gentleman, or, rather, of a thriving freeholder. Professedly despising the mob of the capital and rejecting their political pretensions, he identified himself as far as possible with the tastes and prejudices of the dominant middle clas. In the chair of the Chamber of Deputies he exercised that active authority which apparently suits the French better than the courteous impartiality of an English Speaker; but it was in the tumultuous Assembly of 1849 that he most fully satisfied his friends of the party of order. Audacious but awkward Jacobina were cowed by the sneers and epigrams of the President even mote effectually than by his frequent and unsparing reprimands. There was always room in the Tribune for the members of the Conservative majority. The Republicans, even when they obtained a hearing, were compelled to face an unfriendly audience without the smallest protection from the Chair. Although opposed to the encroachments of the President, M. DuPix was inclined to remain passive in the conflict between two irreconcilable authorities, whom an absurd Constitution had placed side by side. Ee refused to give General CHANGARNIMR a Contingent order to command the troops appointed for the defence of the Assembly. Ou the morning of the 2d of December he invited the memben to meet for deliberation, but he readily submitted to the summons of an officer at the head of a file of troops, and he even remonstrated with a colleague who attempted to harangue the troops, reminding him of the impropriety of interfering with military discipline. On the establishment of the Dictatorship he retained his office in the Court of Cassation, which he had not thought it neces sary to resign even in the anarchical days of the Provisional Government. The scandal occasioned by his return to the same post arises from his intimate connexion with the fallen dynasty. Soon after the Restoration M. DUPnN became the professional adviser, and afterwards the confidential friend, of the Duke of OR.LERNS. After the flight of CHARL L X. he was one of those who counselled Loms ?=PpPEs acceptance of the vacant crown. During the whole of the King's reign the same relations were continued, notwithstanding the frequent opposition carried on by M. DuVPX in the Chamber. During the wild and discreditable confusion of February, 1848, he appeared in his natural position as the friend and adviser of the Royal Family. It was M. DuPiN who proposed to the Duchess of ORIMANS that she should proceed with her children to the Chamber of Deputies; and, accompanying her there, he announced to his colleagues the abdication of the K -o, and the accession of the Count de PARiS under the Regency of his mother. When the violence of the mob and the caprice of L^a-ARTqn had destroyed the last chance of a legal termination to the crisis, M. DuPIN, after his practical fashion, acquiesced in the Republic till the return of better times; but the universal submission to a state of things which scarcely coUnted a single genuine supporter was thought compatible with the strictest principles of Royalism. " The Republic," said M. T1Rs, "divides us less than any other amnge- m ment," and for a time his words seemed to be trUC M. DuPIN was intrusted with the care of the large property belonging to the exiled Royal Family, and at the death of Louis PHILIPP he was named an executor of his will. It was in this capacity that in 1852 he addressed to the President of the PRepublic a well reasoned and dignified remonstrance against the confiscation of the ORIE"s property. At the same time h. resigned his office as Procureur of the Court of Cassation. " It had been," he said, " his duty for "more that twenty years to call on the Court to "enforce the law. It was impossible to retain his "position when all law was overruled." The subsequent judicial decision that the President had acted in a legislative and sovereign capacity would certainly not have tended to remove his wellfounded objections. The ORLBus property has not been restored, but the former Attorney-General has resumed his functions. His personal dignity would have been better consulted by continuance in retirement, his ambition cau be little flattered by a return to the position which he filled in 1830, and his ample fortune seeme to exclude the suggestion of mercenary motives. It is more probable that he feels that impatience of repose which not unfrequently disturbs the old age of enexgetic men. Even if a constitution is in store for France M. DUPIN at seventy-five cannot afford to wait for it. The six years of the English Statute of Limitations will soon have consecrated by lapse of time the ORLis confiscation. The old King's executor has personal duties to discharge besides those which he owes to his testator. If France chooses to be governed absolutely, it Is better that the laws should be administered by a learned and experienced functionary. Whatever may be the motives of the veteran politician, his adhesion is a triumph to the Imperial cause. Through the whole of his long life M. DUPIN has represented that large section of public opinion which, especially with Frenchmen, consists in the recognition of accompllshed facts.
The virtual re-establishment of British supremacy in India, and the prospect of a reformed organization in all departments of our Eastern Empire, have naturally opened the springs of religion as well as political agitation at home, and from the proceedings at Wilis's-rooms which we yesterday reported our readers had an opportunitv of learning the views entertained in influential quarters respecting our future obligations as Christian governors. The Bishop of OxFOro spoke like a true officer of the church militant, aud applied to the mission of his own profession the maxims of military science. "In time of peace," said he, " you " can do with an old General whose infirmities pre"vent his mounting his horse; but when a state "of actual warfare comes, then the excellent old "gentleman finds that his gouty foot makes him "unable to be a General such as you want. It is "the same thing with regard to Bishops." These illustrations, coupled with allusions to "' combined movements," "' organized action," and " vigour of administration," point to a contemplated propagation of the Gospel in India on a system very different from that formerly observed, and the resolutions adopted by various associations in other parts of the country prove how generally such impressions prevail throughout Christian England. The advocates of " traditionary policy" will be alarmed, we may well imagine, at propositions like these, but we believe the principles now asserted, whatever regulations may be required in practice, are sound and judicious in. themselves, nor do we think that the experience gathered from a century of Indian government will be found to militate against them, The actual resolutions adopted atthe meeting on behalf of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel are certainly not calculated to persuade the world that any violent or extravagant measures are likely to be undertaken. When we learn that the work of evangelization in India has hitherto been discharged by one Bishop and 14 missionary clergymen in a Presidency 1,500 miles long, with a population of 90,000,000, we can readily give credit to the Seoretary's argument, that Bengal was not precipitated into insurrection by missionary proceedings; and when we observe that the present proposals only suggest that this staff should be doubled there appears no great reason-many readers willperhapathink there is too little-for apprehending that the impression of ourfaith on the nativemindwill be too vigorous or abrupt. But, though the immediate expansion of the machinery may be inconsiderable, the principle of action will be essentially changed, and it is here that the importance of the movement will be found. On the principles enunciated at the meeting our attitude as a Christian Government will be entirely altered, and our position in respect to the native superstitions rendered alto- gether new. Perhaps our actual operations may still be limited in extent, but we can profess and avow a totally different policy. The Bishop of OXFORD remarked that it would be impossible to preach the Gospel in India by the sole agency of European missionaries, and that Hindoos must be converted by Hindoo converts. The one great change will be this-that in future the religion of the dominant race will be plainly professed, nstead of being timidly kept in the background, and that the field will be opened to missionary exertions with the sanction,lnstead of the disfavour, cf the Government. We entertain a firm conviction that this policy, if regulated by the dictates of ordinary prudence, may be pursued without the slightest prejudice, and, on the contrary, with infinite advantage to our position as rulers of India. Sir PAGE WOOD hit, we believe, the very trath of the question when he observed that our position had hitherto been so manifestly false that the natives suspected our intentions even from this falsity itself. Christianity possesses two distinct features. It is not a religion to be propagated by -violence, but it is essentiaUy a relgion to be diffused by preaching and teaching. Although Christians may not make converts by the sword, they are bound, where they can, to make proselytes by instruction. This element of Christianity, however, was in India entirely suppressed, and our administration presented the spectacle of one of the greatest Christian Powers in the world sedulously bent upon ignoring its own belief. The natives saw us patronizing and encouraging institutions which, as wicked and idolatrous, we ought to have condemned, and they could remark that wo even permitted positive impediments to remain in the way of pacific conversion. They were led, therefore, to the supposition that we were either indifferent to the matter altogether, or that we really designed to proceed by craft, and, as the former notion would be inexplicable to rude believers, they were attracted to the latter. The truths of Christianity would never have alarmed them; they became terrified at the attributes which, for want of a better Inowledge, they ascribed to it themselves. The smallest amount of Christian teaching universally diffused would have relieved them of the only apprehension they have ever entertained-that of forcible proselytism. Even those who could learn nothing else would soon have learnt this,-that one of the fundamental principles of the new religion was, that nobody could be made to embrace It against his will. This one conviction would have assured their minds, whereas, owing to the suppression of the truth, Christian Governors lived in constant terror of being taken for messengers of violence, and Hindoos invested Christianity with features proper to the impostures of Mahomedanism. It is ascertained beyond all question that, if the idea of forcible conversion can be eliminated from their minds, the natives of India are actually well disposed to argument upon religious truths. Whether their aptitude in this respect would facilitate the ultimate success of a niissionary is another matter; but it is certain that Christians might preach and teach in any province of India without creating the least alarm, provided only their hearers were convinced that no designs of compulsion were entertained. In the southern districts of the Madras Presidency, where converts are comparatively numerous and Christian congregations not uncommon, there has not been the slightest disturbance of tranquillity. In the Bengal Army, where the Brahmin Sepoys were permitted to proscribe Christianity altogether, mutiny and treason corrupted every battalion in the service. Such statistics convey ample evidence that the source of insurrection does not lie in Christiau teaching, but revolt may be traced probably enough to that pride and presumption which a truckling policy encouraged. During a whole century of dominion we have failed to persuade the natives of India that we have not, and never can have, any intention of forcing them to abandon their religion for our own. This simple fact is surely proof sufficient that our system in this respect has been wholly wrong. We have overacted our part, and professed our policy of neutrality with such extreme earnrestness that it was not believed in. Had we allowed the truth to come out we could not possibly have fared worse, and it is reasonable to suppose we might have fared a great deal better. We might, at all events, by more manly and open dealing, have convinced the Hindoo thatOChristianity was not a religion to be afraid of. As it was, we lowered ourselves in native eyes by timiidlydisguising the belief we professed to entertain, and exalted the fanaticism of the Brahminical zealots by first investing them with the power of the sword, and then showing our extreme anxiety to avoid giving them offence. Such relations between masters and servants could never be secure. To what extent the Sepoys really believed in the reported designs against their caste is more than we can tell, but there are some features of human nature which are the same everywhere, and one of these is quite sufficient to explain the insubordination of large bodies of men, armed, as they fancied, with irresistible strength, and feared, as they saw, by those whose office it was to control them. The great political result to be anticipated from the propagation of the Gospel in India is the removal of that bugbear which has hitherto been the terror of rulers and subjects together. That indirect advantages of the most precious kind may also ensue is what we need not stop to observe, but we are here only concerned to show that the efforts of missionaries ought to be fraught with support rather than peril to the temporal government of the country. The one thing -which Hindoos dread, and which English Governments have always dreaded their dreading, is forcible intervention with their creed; and the one doctrine which should pervade every missionary address is that of peace and goodwill. Christianity needs only to be placed in its true light, instead of being regarded through the medium which our own timidity permitted to be formed. When the Gospel is preached as faithfully as now seems likely one result at least will be certain, and that Is, that no Eindoo will thenceforward believe his creed to be in danger from the violence of a Christian administration. ...
Lord SirAFTEsBuRY, whose manly tone on Indiau subjects we cannot too highly praise, charges theEnglish press with undue reserve in the publication of the details connected with the atrocities of the Mutiny. So far as we are concerned, we confess to reserve, to a great deal of reserve, in the publication of these details; whether it is undue reserve those alone canjudge who have the details before them. We can only say that had we not used a great reserve we should have raised an outcry against our total want of reserve. If we had not exercised positive secrecy we should have been condemned for the most unguarded and unscrupulous exposures. What were we to do between two such alternatives? We took what we thought, and what we stiU think, the better alternative of the two. Such details as some of those which we might have given are better given under the disguise of generalities than in the minuteness of matter of fact. But, though we spared our readers as much as we could the pain of revolting and horrible images, we have had and have no objection that they should know that there are the most terrible details in the background of outrages perpetrated upon English men and English women. The knowledge of this general fact is no more than what our readers ought to have ; it is a useful piece of knowledge for them, and will be a guide to them ia forming a right estimate of what Hindoo heathenism is, and the difference between human nature with and human nature without Christianity. There is, undoubtedly, an influence which Christianity has even over those who do not submit themselves regularly to its infiuence,-over that large mass which preachers call " the world." It is a ! common thing to say that careless Christians are as bad as heathens; judged relatively to their respective opportunities and lights they may be so, but such facts as Lord SIAFTESBURY refers to show that this is not true positively. No Christians could have done what these Hindoos have done, so that Christianity, it would seem, does affect In some way or other the mass of mankind that come into its pale, making it, however careless and lax according to a strict standard, different from what it would ha-ve been without Christianity. This is an interesting question, and such facts as these throw light upon it. Military life has the reputation of great laxity, but it is quite clear that the moral temper of an English army is as different as light is from darkness from that of a Hindoo army. The truth is, your heathen is not only vicious, but plunges deep into the very depths of vice. Vice is not an indulgence simply, it is also a horrible mystery; heathen, and especially Oriental nature, is not content with the indulgence, but dives into the mystery. It goes behind the veil, it penetrates into the sanctuary, it searches the inner depths and recesses, it makes discoveries in the horrible interior, it follows up the subject, and goes into abominable subtleties and refinements of vice from which Christian nature even in its worst examples shrinks back. There is something insatiable about heathen vice, and especially Oriental vice; it palls unless it is in progress, is always penetrating further, and going beyond its present self. And this is true especially of those two great departments of vice-lust and cruelty. Who can sound the depths of Oriental licence in these two fields ? What a horrible shape does vengeance assume in the Oriental mind; what epicurean refinements of pain; what exquisite tortures; what subtle agonies has it suggested; what an intricate and acute development it has given to the subject; what a luxury of cruelty has it dived into, brooding pleasurably over its victim, watching the process of suffering, and fostering with tender care the precious seed of hatred, as if it were loth to bring it too soon to maturity, even by the death of the object ! This is the mystery of cruelty. We forbear to enter into another mystery, connected with the other department of vice just mentioned. The mystery of Oriental lust need but be alluded to to raise horror and awe, as at the idea of something indescribable and inexplicable-we cannot say super-natural. Contrast with this tone of heathen vice, of Oriental vice, the tone of Christian vice, and there will appear a marked difference. Christian vice is bad enough, but it is not insatiable, it is not infinite, it does not go into the horrible subtleties and refinements of the other. In a word, Christian vice is an indulgence, a gross, a coarse, a sensual indulgence,but it is not a mystery. Even an immoral Christian stays comparatively'on the threshhold, and does not search the dark interior of vice and ransack every corner of it. We shall be understood when we allude to certain well-known distinctions between Chriatian and heathen lust, and for the difference between Christian and Oriental vengeance we may take Lord SAFT sBuxRy's instance: -" Women and children have been massacred " before, but I don't believe there is any instance " on record where children have been reserved in "cold blood to be cruelly and anatomically tor"tured in the presence of their horrified parents "before being finally put to death." We trust, for the reputation even of Oriental vice, that this specimen of it is, as Lord SHAFrESBuRY thinks it is, new; but, whether it is new or not, it is plainly heathen Oriental vengeance, not Christian. No English soldiers could possibly have done such an act as this. Passionate, licentious, furious, and brutal they have been upon occasions, and the frenzy of a successful capture, when a city which has long resisted is at last carried by storm, has before now excited them to violent excesses and reckless acts; but they could not be guilty of such coldblooded atrocities as these; they could not pursue cruelty to such fastidious, hellish refinements. Suchacts are not in theirnature; they do not belong to the moral atmosphere in which they have been born and bred; they coukl not do them. Christianity may not in its higher and stricter phase penetrate the mass and mould nations and races, but it does act as a safeguard to them against these extremities of vice. It produces a certain moral atmosphere out of which even the careless and lax cannot remove themselves, but which they carry about with them; it sets up a standard which becomes in a degree part of our nature. In heathen religion there is nothing really controlling-moraUy controlling; it may assume the most imperious and dictatorial tone in externals, and impose an endless code of ceremonials and forms upon its disciples, but its moral standard comes from a human source, from the minds of its own disciples themselves, and therefore morally a heathen religion does not control those minds, but those minds control it; it cannot be a law to that nature of which it is simply the offspring and the reflection. But Christianity is a revelation from above, and therefore it is a law. It compels a certain deference to it, and even when it is not obeyed it can punish by the stings of bitter recollection and remorse. But heathen religion is neither a law nor a judge; the Hindoo who commits all these atrocities does not even regard them as wrong, and is visited by no remorse for them. " He deifies," as Lord SHAF-rSBUnY observes, " every passion, every propensity, every "moral sin, and every physical abomination," and therefore only thinks himself the more religious for the abomination when he has perpetrated it. Such demonstrations may well make us pause in our career of Indian government-pause to reflect how far we may trust such specimens of moral character, place them in responsible and powerful positions, and put arms into their hands. I
COURT CIRCULAB. WINDSOR, Nov. 27. The French Ambassador and Countess Persigny arrived ,estorday on a visit, and dined with Her Majesty in the evening. Major-General the Hon. Charles and Mrs. Grey, the Hon. Mrs. Biddulph, and Sir James Clark had the honour of being included. The Prinoe of Wales went to -ondon in the afternoon of yesterday, attended by Mr. Gibbs. His Royal Highness honoured the Princesss Theatre with his presenoe, remained at Buckingham Palace all night, and returned to Windsor at a quarter to 3 o'clock this afternoon. The Queen and Prince Consort accompanied by the Princess Royal and Prince Frederick ~Willin of Prussia, walked in the Home Par-k this mornin His Royal Highness Prince Wrederiek William of Prassia visited the Duchess of Orleansuto-dayat Richmond. His Royal Highness visited the Duchess of Cambridge at Kew on Thursday. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterdy. The appeal from P,engal,"BrindaoneyDse Rooderpersaud Mookerjee," t aoe Domsee v. and an appealfrom Bengal, "husturyaBun was concludod, V. a~hab Purhulad By;" was commenced, Murdun B Despatches were sent from the Colonial-office yesterday to the Governor of Canada.
Her Majesty has signified her graoious intention of opening the session of Parliament in person.- Globe. TnX CouRT.-Her Majesty and the Court will remove to Osbolmo next Reek for a short sojourn b.iore Christmas.
THE EXPECTBD CALCUTTA, BOMBAY, AND AUSTRALIAN MAILS. We learn by telegram from arseilles that the PeninsolaW and Orieatta Company's mail-packet Vetis, with the over. land Calcutta, Bombay, and the miad ns Australian majll, left Malta at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, and arrived at Marseiles at 10 am. on Friday. Having made a longer Passage than anticipated, abe was not in time for the mails to be forwarded by the regular train, but they were despatched by special train at noon of that day. It is not unlikely that the special train may have over. tken the regular express, and that the mails wfil arrive in Paris by 6 oclock this morning. Ini that cas they wiU eome on to Boulogne by special train, thence to Dover by speoi mail pxcket, andto London by special South-}astern train, and will arrive at the General Post offioe by 3 o'clock. But it is feared the mails will not arrive in Paris before 7 o'clock this morning, when they will come on to Boulogne by special train, and, arriving there about noon, wil not reach London before 5 o'cock this afternoon. However, al that can be done by anticipation has been ar. ranged by the General Post.office authorities to get theee allimportant mails to London in time to deliver the letters for the metropolis this evening, and to despatch the country portion by the evening mail trains The mailapacket Prince Frederick William, after landing at Dover the extra China maU last night, started off again to Boulogne to fetch the Calcntta, Bombay, and Australian mails. It happens most unfortunately that there wiU bo no water in Bou. logne harbour at the time of the arrival of the mall there, but if the weather should improve to-day the Prince Frederick William will go out into the roads at Boulogne, and, if practicable, will embark the heavy mails there, without waiting for the tide; but slould there be too much swell of the se on the bar she will not be able to bring the mals out before 5 o'clock, and then they cannot reach London before about half-past 9. The Australian mails, per Simla, of the following dates-. Sydney, October 11th, and Melbourne, October 16th, may be expected in London December the 6th.
THEB XTRA Off A MAIL. The extra mail from China to Suez, brought by the Peniunilar and Oriental Company's steamship xorma, reached London late last nlght. It was conveyed to Marseilles by the French mail steam.packet Jour. dan; reached Paris yesterday morning; and on arrival at Calai" by the day pawengertrain the mil. packet Prince Frederick William, that happened to be there, brought it over specially to Dover, the weather having been so bad in the Channel yesterday as to prevent the South-Eastern stearapackets from leaving Dover or Clais harbours. The maUl left China on the 6th of Oc. tober.
SACRED HARMONIc SOCIETY. The concerts of the regular season began last night in Exeter-hall, whent a varied and interesting aelect.on was presented. The first piece was Haydn's thira Mass, written for the coronation of the :Emperor JOsePIh IL ; ' the seond was llendelohn's " auda Sion," composed for the cnurh of St. Martin, Liege, and performed tnere at the festival of Corpus Christi in 1846, three months previous to Elijah being introduced at the Birminghamn festival; the third attempt of the kind, of whric°h, aisusual we hadtheh nls irsh version of Professor Taylor, under the title of Th~e Last Judment. As the Aes, Israel, and Elijah cannot be perpetullUy Igiven, and as oratorioslong enough to take up the whole evening, and good enough to become enduring attraction are rare, such a programme as the above was very accepts. ble. Of course Handel must always be a chief consideration with the Sacred Harmonic Society; but because Handel is revered, that is no reason why other composers of distinction should be wholly neglected. Mendelssohn, who in his oratorios approached the nearest to Han. del, has effected qute as much for the prosperity of the society as the society for the popularity of Mendelssohn; and, though such works as St. Paiu and Elijah are not to be had for the seeldng, there are many compositions of less extended form, which, instead of occupying the whole evening, may be combined with one or two others of similar proportions, so as to constitute an entertainment of the greatest interest to amateurs of sacred music. Of this calibre were the three produced last night; and belongieg to the same category, while of various degrees of merit, are Mozart's Bcquion, Mendelssohn's Lobgesang, Beethoven's Mount of Olives and others unneoessary to name, with which the Sacredl Armonic Society has already Indulged its subscribers. A whole library still remainsto beexplored; and, withoutventuring to recommend the essays of living musicians, or even to suggest the less fa. millar among the masses, ac., of Haydn and Mozart, we may point to the sacred compositions of Cherubinl, as Involving an extraordinary instance of disregard where high desert should have commanded attention. At any rate, the friends of the Sacred Harmonic should strlve their utmost to encourage rewsarch, in order that, by gradual extension of the repertory,a better chance of uninterrupted success may be insured. As each of the composltions included in the programme last night has been already performed at the concerts of the Sacred Harmonic Society, and each described more than once, it is almost sufficient to say that they were heard with unanimous pleasure, and applauded in spite of certain restrictions that-as they evidently cannot be enforced without discussing the considerations upou which they are based -had better,perhaps, be abandon Haydn's Mass (stiLl, ith puritanlygl ovnacy, termed " Service," in the bills) was very finclygiven,the solos in this, as inthe other pieces, belng intrusted to Madame Rudersdorff Mrs. Lockey, Mr. Locke3y and Mir. Weiss-a vocal ouartet of undoubted experienco and efficiency. Although'some of the phrases and cadences of melody in this work have become trite through age (a condition to which the contemporary music of Mozart appears to be not amenable), and although, like the ureation of the same composer, it never ascends to the most elevated sphere of expression, the masterly fluency with which it is written from end to end, and the perfection of fo-m which it everywhere exhbits, must always elicit admiration. Such qualities, moreover, are doubly precious at a time when certain halE-madmen, half-enthusiasts, are holding up form and continuity (without which music would be no better than a chaos of sounds) to contempt. Haydn's Mass being sung in Latin, there is no reason why the Latin hymn-tho " Lauda Sion"-to which Mendelssohn composed his music, should not also have been retained. We have no fault to find with the English version of Mr. Bartholomew-entitled, "Praise Jehovah," except one which cannot be dismissed as insignifioant-viz., that in many places the music does not appear to fit it, and the vocal execution in consequence degenerates at times into a scramble both at notes and syllables. In other respects the performance of this very remaxrkable work (which Mr. Hullah enjoys the credit of having first introduced to England) was exceedingly effective. The oftener it is heard the more it is admired. Every separate movement possesaes a character as decided as it is attractive, and the whole displays that perfect symmetry of form of which Mendelssohn knew so thoroughly the secret. With the oratorio of Spohr-his first, shorbest. and best-the patrons of the Sacred Harmonic Society, and the musical public generally, are better acquainted than with either of its companions. After the interval of a year The Lost Jufgnent is always welcome, although it will not bear hearing so frequently as other music in which the first ideas are more genial and striking, while the harmonious and orchestral clothing is less gorDeously monotonous. When Spohr forgets his orchestral app anoes for a moment-as in the brief tnior solo, c Itr ended" (a sequel to "Destroyed is Babylon"), and the Quartet mad chorus that succeed-the effect is so refreshing that his greatest admirers cannot but wish he would do so more frequently. The Lat Judgmaent was throughout nobly executed-the band, the chorus, and the principal slngers (already mentioned) alike doing justice to the indicatireonofrMr. Costa, their admirable and indefatigable The whole evening's performance -was a ricb musical treat; but the points which created the most vivid sensation were the " Kyrie Eleison," and " Gloria," in Haydn's mass-both masterpieces; the magnificently accompanied cora14 "They that through much tribulation," and the final chorus of Mendelssohn's " Lauda Sion," in vhich it seems as if the melody would never cease; and lastly, that highly iwpressive chorus in Spohr's oratorio of which the fall of Babylon is the incident. To hear the musio of three such masters in succession was to be delighted and in. structed In an equal measure. The Messiah is announced for Friday, December IL
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasury in Downing-street. The Ministers present w6ere-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chaucellor, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, the Duk-e of Argyll, and the Right Ron. M. T. Baines. We are requested to state that the convocation of the prelates and clergy of the province of Canterbury continues prorogued, pursuant to the Queen's writ, to Friday, Dec. 18, no writ having been issued by the Crown to call it together on an earlier day. The :Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first halves of banknotes for 2501., on account of unpaid income-tax, from " TAY." GABOTTX RoB3BEBY AT MAiHNxCSTrn,.At an early bour yesterday norning (between 1 and 2 o'clock) a gentle. man named 0. W. Ranison, a stranger, while passing through Spinning-field, Deanagate, Manchester, was suddenly attacked by six men, one of whom threw a rope round his neck, and he was dragged into an entry. Mg pooketa were rifled of about 901. in notes and gold, and his gold watch was stolen. The thieves decamped, leaving him very much exhausted bY the pressure of the rope round his neck, but he afterwards went to the police.offioe and ga notice of the robbery, and three men have since b apprehended on suspicion, but there is much doubt i sufcient evidenoe can be made out agains them to insure their conviction.
MO1NBY-MABKET amd CITY INTBLLI GBNOB. Friday Evening. Although at the present moment the amnount of note circulation in the hands of the general public is within the total authorized by the Act of 1844, it will be seen by the Gazette return published this evening that when that return was made up on Wednesday there was an outstanding excess of 81,1601. It is to be remarked, moreover, that, strictly speaking, there is stil an infringement to the original amount of 2,000,0001. It is only by treating the reserve of 1,918,8401. held in the banking department as if it were not a public issue that the idea is created of the over issue having been retrieved. But this reserve is as much an issue as any of the notes held in the till of any of the other banks of the country. The Bank of England as a bank has no more to do with the operations of the issue depart. ment than any private individual. It has only to attend to its own wants and to keep an adequate reserve, such as any other banker would keep, to meet its liabilities. By confounding the operations of the two departments the public are liable to be ed into great confusion, and it is much to be desired that a separation should henceforth be contrived, so as to render them as distinct in appearance as they are in reaity. The funds to-day have again shown extreme buoyancy, and a further rise of a half per cent. has been established. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 90g to j, were first quoted 90i to 91. They then receded to 901, and subsequently remairied for some time at 90i to 91. In the afternoon there was a general disposition to buy, and a rapid movement took place to 91t to i, from which there wras no reaction, the market closing with a very firm appearance. For the new account on the 8th of January the last price was 911 to 7, or 904 to g ex dividend. Bank Stock left off at 214 to 216; and Reduced and New Three per Cents., 90t to J. Iudia Stock was in increased demand, ,owing to the announcement that the Government is henceforth to be exclusively in the hands of the Crown, and the quotation was 216 to 219. India Bonds closed at 40s. to 30s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, Bs. discount to par, the latter being largely bought by persons having money to dispose of for short periods. It is state d that the Government will not bring -forward any financial measures until February. All questions regarding a funding of Exchequer-bills, or a loan in any shape, are therefore for the present set at rest. In the Stock-Exchange money is still abundantly offered at 5 per cent. At the Bank there was less demand than yesterday, although the applications continue heavy. In the discount-market the ten'dency to a restoiation of confidence, which was checked by the failure of the Northumberland and Durham District Bank, is again manifesting iAself, and the absence of further suspensions in London, coupled with the hope of a resumption on the part of one or two of the houses that have lately stopped, is exercising a favourable influence. Foreign stocks have been in moderate demand but the market continues buoyant, and nearly every transaction took place at an advance; Turkish, especially, improved nearly three-.uarters per cent. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated for the account at 98i ; Mexican, 18A; Portuguese, 43i and i; Ruasian Five per Cents., 1054 and 106; ditto Four-and-a-Half per Cents, 954; Spanish, 40a ; ditto, New Deferred, 25; Turkish Six per Centa., 88g, J, and i; for the account, 88k, J, and 89; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 984 and : ; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 961 andc . In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the business transacted was not very extensive, and the rates generally were about the same as last post. In the corn-market this morning there was an increase of busineEs, and in some cases an advance of Is. was obtained. The Liverpool cotton-market has closed heavily at the prices of this day week. The influx of gold at the Bank steadily cOntinues, and a further total of 30,0001., consisting chiefly of Turkish, Italian, French, and Russian coin, was taken there to-day. Sovereigns from Scotland and elsewhere also come in gradually. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 20c. for money, and G7f. 1Oc. for the end of the month, showing a reaction from the improvement of a quarter per cent which took place yesterday. The Hamburg letters to-day mention the failure of MIessrs. Levin Hertz Sohne, a very old and respectable mercantile firm. The Directors of the Indus Steam Flotilla in connexion with the Scinde Xailway Company have issued their prospectus. The capital is 250,0001., and carries a guarantee granted by the India Comapany of 5 per cent., the shareholders being entitled to al surplus profits after repayment of any sums which the India-house in fuilfilment of this guarantee may have been called upon to disburse. Previously to that time the siuplus profits wfill be equally divided between the Company and the India-house. The navigation is to be by steamers from Hydrabad, the upper terminus of the Scinde Railway, to Mooltan, the lower terminus of the Punjab Railway, a distance of 570 miles, and the traflic commanded -willbe that of the richest portions of the Punjab and the adjoining provinces. The advices from New York to-day are very satis. factory, the accounts from this side, which were to the 31st of October and included the fal of Delhi, having proved unexpectedly favourable. They were also accompanied by 205,0001. in gold. The great pressure here had not then been experienced, and the stoppage of Messrs. Dennistoun, and Messrs. Naylor, Vickers, and Co., andtheWesternof Scotland and City of Glasgow banks may subsequently have produced a relapse. The possibility of the suspension of Messrs. D)ennistoun and of the Western Bank o° Scotland seems, however, to have been contemplated. " The trouble with the Western Bank of Scotland," it is remarked by the Neto York Times, -will have a less important bearing here from the fact that bills drawn upon it have not been favourites with remitters for some time past." In the New York stock-market the average further advance in railway securities had been equal to at least 12 per cent. Erie had gone from 13S to 16; New York Central, from 69 to 74; Illinois Ceiltral, from 871 to 94; Reading, from 351 to 39 ; Michigan Central, from 49 to 59; Panama, from 77 to 854; and Michigan Southern, from 151 to 1 9Q. One writer, remarkable for the general prudence of his views, observes, "1 I am afraid the suspension of the Borough Bank of Liverpool will cause thz suspen sion of Dennistoun, and that this month will be a bad one in England. After this month payments will run off very fast, and people are now beginning to remit again. The worst is over on this side, whatever failures may take place in Europe." It is likewise mentioned that the internal exchanges were all improving, that produce was coming forward more freely, and that negotiations could now be effected with New Orleans, so that cotton could be eold, and debts thus be collected from the South. All the City Banks in New York had regained a strong position, and arrangements were in progress with the country banks of the State for a joint and early resumption. "Money," it is added, "will be very cheap here this winter, as every one is getting out of debt as fast as possible. and hardly any one has courage to make now engagements." The olonial produce-markets during the week have been wholly without animation, the addltional mercantile failures and the austained rate of discount rendering buyerx extremely cautious. There seems to be some partial revival of inquiry for a few of the articles which have recently suffered the most severe depression, but the transctions generally are still unimportant. The more favourable nature of the Armerican advices to-day, and the reduction in the rates of the Bank of France, hare to a certain extent restored confidence. Consumers have paid fully former quotations for good grocery sugar, which commands a steady sale; but brown and soft date kinds have been parted with at a further decline of Is. to ls. 6d., the Improvement of 3s. to 4s. from the lowest point having been nearly lost. To-day there was generally rather a better tone. In coffee there have been few transactions, and the moderate quantity of plantation Ceylon brought forward was disposed of at slightly lower rates. Some time must elapse before arrivals of the new crop can take place. In tea there has been scarcely any general business, but at the public sales on Thursday a fair proportion, considering the prevailing dulness,was realized, consisting chiefly of the sorts submitted without reserve. In common Congou there is nothing offering, except for cash at 11id. per lb. Quotational of rice have reached an unusually low point, and there appears rather more disposition to make purchases, the cash isales show. ing a decline of 4s. to 4a. 6d. compared with the rates paid at one time last month. Cargo kinda have been realized at 7s. to 7s. 6d. per cwt. No altera. tion of importance has occurred in spice, the market being still influenced by arrivals from the United States. Saltpetre has been sold more freely at a further fall of 2s.-viz., 38s. to 39s. per cwt. for good to fine, while several parcels for immediate payment have changed hands even at lower rates. The quotations of the India and China exchanges to-day show no material variation. At Shanghai the rate was slightly more unfavourable for this country. The Vectis arrived at Marseilles this morning with the India, China, and Australian (ex Emen) mails, which were to leave for London at noon. They wri therefore probably be received late tomorrow afternoon. The arrangements for the resuscitation of the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Bank are said to be proceeding favourably. The claims of the depositors amount to about 400,0001., and the consent has already been obtained as regards two-thirds of this total to the proposal for repayment in three instalments extending over 18 monthts. The creditors for the remaining third reside in outlying districts, and a few days will be occupied in communicating with them. A severe scrutiny into the accounts is said to have been instituted, and to have resulted thus far in showing that the assets are fully worth the sums estimated by the directors. A statement has been made that the directors visited London on Wednesday to negotiate a loan; but this was not the case, and they intimate that they will not take any such step until all the creditors shall have complied with the terms agreed to by the general body at the recent meeting. A meeting of creditors of Messrs. Bennoch, Twentyman, and Rigg, silk agents, whose suspension was announced on the 9th inst., was held today, when the following statement was submitted by Mr. Parrinton, the accountant:- MZssRs. BBrNNoci, TWZvYMA?, AND RIGG, LONDON, AccoUNT aIALD rUP TO Nov. 14, 1857. DR. 6 s. d. L s,ad Tocreditorm, asperlet . . 167,552 5 10 Lees ecourities held by them . .. 6722 5 3 _- 160,830O 0 7 (In tthe above cilims £5O,950 llx. sd. Is lidluded depreciation In the valtue of sUik in the hands of the brokers.l To blis accepted for conaiguore . . . 99,663 18 9 Les bills fully or partly secured by goods on hand. 62,680 13 6 - 30,933i 3 To liabilities on bill receivable discounted, considered good .. .7,5127 14 0 To ditto, bad .23,547 6 11 Les eccurity held on accomnt thereof ., t50 0 0 22,997 6 11 To liabilUles on guarantees, in respect of which it is conaidered there will be a calt of .3,000 0 0 To creditors of Mesers. Lovatt and Gould, whose debts Meeses. Bennoch, Twenty. man, and Rigg have undertaiken to pay. . 33,884 3 2 ;e257,691 15 11 OR. £ A, a. d d- By stock in trade in Londou aud Man- chester, cost .65,76S 6 8 Estimated at 39.195 18 4 By book debt;, good .. £41,347 5 2 Less debts en confeo&rs' ao- eount . .. .. .. 10,190 0 1 3L15G 5 1 By book debts, doubtftl and bad . 16,267 18 1 E:stinated at .5,057 15 4 By bills recelvable on band 7,248 7 i Les portion due to conslgnor, 435 13 9 6,812 13 3 By cash in hand and at bsnkers , 874 13 By euh at bankers (deducted from their claim of £5.00C) 2,028 16 4 By iixturesat Manobester 154 0 0 By furniture, ft., st Wood-street .. 300 0 0 By shipmeents to Melbourne, Sydney, New York, &c, amounting to .. .. 41,021 5 11 Subject to advances and claims thereon .. .. 20,163 10 1 20,857 18 10 Estimated at 12,791 8 3 Byvalueofabras 1o 0 0 0 By securities deposited with creditors and deducted per contra .. .. .. .. 6,722 5 3 Byleaesandfixturesof premises, 77and 78, Wood-strect. and land in ilIver.etreet 1,400 0 0 By stock, book debts, utensils iu trade, fu- niture. &o., of Messrs. Lovatt and Gould, of Leek .4,33211 7 By equity of redemption in freehold land and miU of Messrs. Lovatt and Gould, subject to mortgage of £10,000 £102,228 5 2 Les rent, saliries,. .r 781 U 8 £101,46 143 6 Deficieny .£ 1.6,5'8 5 2 Mr. Parrinton stated that Messrs. Bennoch and Co. did not intend to make any proposition, but to leave themselves entirely in the hands of their creditors. The firm commenced busliness in 1848, with a capital of 9,4101., which had gradually increased year after year, and on the 24th of December, 1856, there was a surplus of 38,2481. The disaster was caused chiefly by the deterioration in value of the large quantities of silk in their hands, and by the suspension of the two houses of Reid and Co., of Derby,and Taylor and Co., of Coventry. Messrs. Bennoch had also agreed to take the property and satisfy the debts of the firm of Lovati and Gould, of Leek, and had thus incurred llabilities to the amount of 33,8841. The private property of the partners, except Mr. Rigg, shows a small surplus, and a letter was read, to the effect that Mrs. Bennoch would hand over to the creditors 60 shares in the Gas Consumers' Company, standing in her name, to help the liquidation of her husband's debts. Mr. Reed, the solicitor of the house, stated that since the balance-sheethasbeen made outthe assets have depreciatedlO per cent: He suggested that the estateshould be wound up under inspection, and that after payment of 6s. in the ponnd the inspectors should have power to deal with the remaining assets either by sale or by accepting a composition. It was ultimately resolved to carry out this plan, and a committee of inspection was appointed of four creditors. Meetings were also held of creditors of Messr. T. S. Reid and Co., of Derby, and Mr. John Taylor, of Coventry, houses connected with Messrs. Bennoch and Co., and whose failure has been brought about by the same causes, when a similar course was ordered to be pursued as in the case of Messrs. Bennoch. The liabilities of the two firms are stated to be 34,9431. anad 21,4131. respectively. With respect to the withholding of information regarding the proceedings of the meeting of creditors yesterday of Messrs. Edwards and Matthie, the partners in that firm are anxious it should be distinctly underatood there was not the smallest wish for concealment on their part, and that upon every transaction in their business they would readily give information to all who might desire it. The North British Daily Mail announces the failure at Glasgow of Mr. A. Cruickahank, of Bridgend Corn-mills, for about 8,0001., and of the firm of J. and J. Wright, cotton brokers It is feared that in the latter case the liabilities are considerable. The Julia has arrived from Shanghai with 344,7001b. of tea and 1,821 bales of silk. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 25th of November gives the follow- ing results when compared with the previous week :- Publio Deposits ... 5,788,998 ... Inrease £9305,117 OtberDeposits ... 14,951,516 ... Inrease 992,351 Rest . 3,447,179 ... Inorease 13,679 On the othe side of the account:- Government Securities £5,807,447 ... Decrae 599.687 Other Securities ... 31,350,717 ... ncrease 1,051,447 N&oles unemployed ... - 1,918,840 .. Increase 770,655 The amount of notes in circulation is 21,340,3051., being a decreaee of 66,1051.; and the stock of bullion in both departmenut is 7,263,6721., showing an increase of 779,5761. when compared with the preceding return. The Bank has sold nearly 600,0001. mnore of Government securities. The private securities now amount to 31,350,7171., the increase in which is nearly balanced by the addition made to the private deposits on the other aide of the account.
STATB OF BRADR. MANCHESTER,, ITOV. 27. Butelness continues at the same deadlock mentioned on Tuesdy No improvement is reported in any branch of the cottyon trade, and the few sales made to-day could only be effected at the lowest and rather lower prices than those recently current. Messr. Frasr, Son, and Co. report the decline during the last four weeks at 4Ad.to 6d. per piece on Z*ths printers madapollams ; 9d~. to Is: on 9-Sths printers ; is. to Is. 6d. on 9-8ths. and 5-4ths plaina and figuedahbirt. lags 6d.o 8don lconoa- 9.tIs. on T-loths; 9d. to i. Od pe piee onlonelots; d. to ~,d. per yard on domstis ad 2d.to ~d.perlb.onyarns. The decline on ctto is2~ to3d.perlb.In om kidnds of yarn anid clot ths I raher nde th amuntof depression, anid the ale ofto.ay ayb qutedat rher more. The tlgahdcmeca accounts from Calcutta by this malsekfvuby of he maarket for cottonx gooas, more pariualya eads yarns, but they have not yet led to mc uies This being the last Friday In the month and the general pay-day In the Manchester trade, some anxiety -was felt to see how accounts were mest, and it is satisfactory to state that, though payments have not been met with the prompti. tude usual in some cases~, yet generally they have been better met than was expected..
THE MAILS, &C.-SOUTIMPTON, Nov. 27.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, Cap. tan Edward Christian, sailed to-day with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Idsbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar- also eight first and four second class passengers, among whom are-Baron Forester, Captain Trent, and Paymaster Mackenzie. She took no specie and only a mnoderate cargo, the fever at Lisbon checking the trade with that port. The sailing ship Escort, of 765 tons, Captain D. Smith, sailed to-day for Sydney, New South Wales, with 289 Government emigrants, in charge of Surgeon-Superintendent Meymott. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Indus, Captain Evans, leaves on the 4th proximo, with the next ontward India and China mails; and the Ripon, Captain Powell, with the homeward malls, is due here on the same day. The AIhambra, Captain J. K. Joy, is also due on the 4th, with the Peninsular mails, and is appointed to leave again on the 7th, with the return mails. The North Star, Captain Lefebre, sails on Wednesday next, the 2d, with the rails for the United States. The Royal Mail Company's steamer Atrato Captain Woolley, leaves on the 2d with the West India Paeific, and Mexican mails- and the next homeward malls from the same quarter will be brought by the Orinoco, due on Wedneeday. The Tamar, Captain Jell1coe, with the malls from Australia, New Zealand, &o,, is due here on the 6th; and the Teviot, Captain Mioir, isappointed to takeout the mas of the 12th to Alexandria. he Avon leaves on the 9th with the Brazilian and River Plate mails ; and the Tyne, with the next mails from the Brazils, ig due on the 14th, but may be looked for about the 9th.
T2ZE BANK CRISIS AT GLASGOW. On Thursday afternoon a public meeting of the citizens, called by the Lord Provost in terms of a requisition signed by upwards of 200 firms, was held "to express their apprehension of the appalling consequences of the final stoppage of the Western and City of Glasgow Banks, and their opinion of the public expediency of maintaining these banks, as well as to consider the propriety of memorializing Her Majesty's Government on the subject. The meeting was called, In the first instanoe, for the Merchants'hall, but at 2 o'clook, the hour specified, this tlae. paoousthough. it is, was densely crowded, and andoutside unable to gain admittance. In an adjournment to the City-hall, whioh is apaleof ccmmodating 3,000 pernson, waa resolvod upon. Te hall asacordingl,y filled immediately on its opening,theret b present, it ay be said, members or ropreesonItaives fron every importaat busiaess establishment in te cty. n fct,it was the largest representatioa of the commrcil, anufctuingand mercantile classes 'which has ever assembledInthe Cty-hall of Glasgow. The Lord Provost took the chaiz, and on the platform beside his Lordship we obsre r Walter Buchanan and lr. Robert Daigish, thetwo t members; Bailles Clauton, Culoch, nd Couper; r.James Smith, of Jordanhill ; Mr. Alexr.ader Morso(Da of the Faculty of Procurators), Sheriff Steele, Mr.obr Hutcheson, Mr. David Hutcheson, Mr-. G. B. Termant, Mr. A. Stevenson, the great body of the city councaor &c. Tl e LORI)D ROVOST, who on rising was reoeived with applause, said,-1 will very briefly state that I was Induced to cal the present maeeting at the requisition of 240 firms, largely connected withthe trade and commerceof this clty, to afford the inhabitants generally an opportunity of expressing their sentiments in regard to the present urtfortunato position of the WesternLand City of Glasgow Banks-a subjecat of Oaost painful and deep interest with the citizens of Glas.gow and inhabitants of the West of Scotland. To this movement I gave my concurrence, feeling that the sympathy and support of such a numerous and influential meeting of ctizens as this might tend much to strengthen and encourage the shareholders and depositors to carry out, successft._; the resolutions they have adopted at the meeting lately held by them; and though neither a shareholder myself, nor having any business connection with either of these banks, I deeply lament that such a cailamity as their suspension should have fallen on suchaverynumerous and highly respectable portion of the community as transacted business with them. Many may think that the past proofs of confidence shown by the public in receiving their notes, and Ln the depositors so generally acceding to the proposals made not to withdraw their deposits for periods extending to two years, with other tokens of the public desire to continue these banks, would render this meeting unnecessary; but thosewho are desirous to have them continued for their note circulation, and to maintain their position as bankers under the existing Acts of Parliament, thought that an expression of public sympathy with their present prostrate position, ariding from a money panic, might have the effect of eliciting the forbearance, the sympathy, and co-operatlon of the other Scotch banks; and, failing this most natural expectation, that a movement might be made to procure tho countenance, if not the aid, of Government the present circumstances in which they are unfortunately placed. (Cheers.) Any one having even a limited knowledge of the tran3tions of these banks canmot fall to be satisfied that if there be an Immediate winding-up under trustees, that the loss would be very much aggravated to the shareholders; and the object of this meeting now is to mitigate that loss if possible, more especially to the sbarholders whoscentiremeans maybelavsteInthe sha and to avert the numerous bankruptcies that may arise fror an Immediate wnding up. There is no doubt but that the mansgement of the Western Bnk, which has brought it to its preeent unfortunate position, is much to be condemned and deplored, and a total change in this respect will be necessary to restore it to public confidence; bat on this point I need not dwells, as It will naturaUly be a chief element in any fautre arrangements that mnay be made to resusctate the banks. The resolutions that will be submitted to you by the gentlemen who wil address the meeting I trust wili be acceptable, and I am not without the hope that if they are carrie may tend to put tho two bankg in a posi. tlon that 'wil promote the desrable end they have in view, of preventing the ruin of many a shareholder, and saving many respectable mercantile firms from severe distress, Sheriff STEELE moved the first resolution as follows, and on doing so commented on the unworkable character of the Bank Charter Act: That the English Banking Act or 1844, by prohibiting any new bank of lssue, established pyactically a monopoly of the buIAness o banklog in Scotland In favour of tke then and now existing banks -and the business of Sootland, whether commercial or agrcultursl which has Increased prodiglo3oly since 1845, would reelve a violent cheek were either the amount of capital now applied to banung, or the paper 13aus, by which that bousies is almost exclnulvelv carried on, materially diminsahed or even concentrated In the hands of a aller number of powerful corporations than at present," " That the final stoppage and judicial winding up of the affairs of the Western and City Banks, two of our most extensive IocaI banks, would farther bh a publio calamity, as entailing serious inconvenience and loss on upwards of 50,000 depocSitora, and ruining a great number of manufacturIng and commercial houses throaghout Scotland, who have been doing their businessin these banks and theSr branches. and who, although perfectly colrent it afforded the usual banking facilities could not, If suddenly forced into lquidation, realize means gsufeient to meet their engagements.' Dean of Faculty MORcSON said,-It affords me great pleasure and satisfaction to sooond the resolution moved by the learned Sheriff, who has gone into the subject so fully and eloquently that he has not left me a word to say. I think I shall therefore best consult my own comfort and your convenencoe by simply seconding the adoption of the resolution. The resolutions were then put from the chair and carried by acclamation. Mr. SmiTII, of Jordan-hill, said,-A resolution has v unexpectedly been put into my hands, which I shall read before offering any observations upon it. The resolation is as follows : ' T That theultimatesecurity of the creditors of these two banksecan. not be doubted; and the first thing requisite to enable thmes establishmects to resene business, and so avert the evis already described, Is the restoration of pubio conddence-a result to be attained chiefly by the forbearance of the creditors and by the liberal suppoetof the other greathanking ocncerns, both in England and Scotland, to whom the pubUcare entitled to look for aid in a crisis Ilke the present, in oe change for the peculiar prirlleges conferredi on them." The observations of the preceding speakers preclude the necessity for my trespassing on your time. The simple enumeration made by the Lord Provost of the trust estates and females involved in the bank suspension reminds us that we are not only endeavouring to restore commercial credit, but pleading the cause of the widow and orphan. But I will not dweU upon this painful topic. Nor need I say much of the solvency of these banks, for everyone acquainted with the wealth and prosperity of the shareholders knows that the solvency is not for a moment to be saspected. I look upon it that the Hsspension of theso banks would be a great public calamity, the results of which make one shudder to think upon. It gave me great pleasure to be present at the last meeting of this kind, differing so far from the present meeting that it might be called the demonstration of the nobility and country gentlemen of Scotland, and I may be allowed to say that nothing gave me greater pleasure than when I heard of my noble friend, that true-hearted Scotchmau (Lord Eglinton), who, without waiting for any combination, announced that he, for one, was ready to receive Western Bank notes. Nothing could have been better ealculated to allay the panic among the rural population. The requisition which has called us together alludes to an application to Government. As that proposal belongs to a subsequent resolution, I feel precluded from entering upon It, but it may be allowed to an old man, old enough to remember 1793, to mention some of the things which took place then, for a little experience is not a bad thing in the management either of private or public affairs. Thoughlmyself had no share in these proceedings, my father, whowasthen atthe headof oneofthegreat WestIndlahoases, often told me that so marvellous was the effect of a simple restoration of public confidence, that when it became known that Government was ready to advance Exchequer-bills the Issue of these was not called for, and It turnedaot actually an advantageous thing for the Government itself. (Cheers.) As an old man, and having some exonse for garrulity, you will allow me to tell you another anecdote. (Cheers.) One of the greatest, if not the greatest hoase in Glasgow at that time was obliged to suspend payment, bat such was the effect of the meaSures of relief that the next balance was the most profitable they ever struck. (Cheers) At my years. I might be alowed to look forward hopefully to better times, and I might say with truth- The sunset of life gives me mystical lore, "And coming events cast their hadowa before." Bai3ie CLOUSTON said, in taking part in the proceedings of this day, I come forward here perfectly free from the influence of any bank connexion whatever, being neither a shareholder nor director in any bank whatever. But I consider it my duty, as I consider it to be the duty of every individual who has the prosperity of the city at heart, and has he wish not only to see that prosperity continued, but that it should make progress as in times past, to come forwar inthehou ofnee, ad wtha helping hand endeavou tSo avert the evil alluded to in the sepcongd reso- lton as liely to come upon us by the continued closing up o theWestrn ad ciy baks. the resoutond just proposed by Mr. Smith, in th first place, refers to the satisfied that in such a meeting as this.It would be uresaumn- Mn-d 'uWaste o etime to state antig in reference toI the secutity of the banks, for I believe that neither amOnR us nor around us has the opinion ever been hazarded that there is the least possible chance of loss to any of the creditors of either bank. (Cheers.) But,while there can be no ultimate loss either to depositors or other creditors, I cannot hide from myself the effect of the serious inconvenience and loss which must result to these creditors whether in the shape of depositors with their ftnds locked up, or other creditors with claims which they cannot make avaUable. That would be a calamity involving not only these creditors, but the whole of this vast community in wbich we dwell, and also a ¢lamity reaching to the whole manufacturing and agricultural districts ofScotland. (Hear, ear.) Seeing, then, that such evils are likely to ensue upon the continued closa of these banks, how are they to be I averted? This, I think, seems to be answered in the second patt of this resolution, which speaks of the restoration of public confidence by the liberal support of the other at banking concerns. From what we have seen of ite of the rnanner in which our bighest mercantile houses have been obliged to succumb, I believe that there has been a feeling of commiseration, from man to man, through the whole community, which leaves no doubt as to what will result from the consideration of the creditors of these two banks; and that, so far as they are concerned, they will qIve them their best support. With respect to the other creditors, the great banking concerns, holding seurities for which they are liable, I am not here to attribute blame ; for, if this were to be done, I fear wo must oome nearer home; but I would most respcfullY urge that we should go to these banks, whether in Scotland or 3n2landwhether directly or by memorial, and to Her Mdesty's Government, and there state the case candidly and fairly, showr the real position of the bank's, wvhat their liabilities are, w hat their assets are, and what their losses (hear, hear), and I do think we are in a somewohat anomalous joslteI fr.om such details havilng been given. (Rear,) WiSh thoe6e remmaks I beg tr second the resolutlion proposed by Mr. Smith. The resolution was put from the chair, and carried with. Mr. DALGrsH, M.P., who was recolved with loud cheerlng, said,-Gwntlemen, before proceeding to address you, I hwve to apologize for Mr. Buchantan and myself coming in half an hour too lateto- I am sureyouwilI for veus when I tel yoa that we have been engaged snce ZS Pk l0Oon MOSt 2mportant business connected with the banks. (Applause.) I have to apologiz also to yon should I fail in making myself sufficieOntl cor upon the uresent occa. tabn, because I candidly tell yotu that I intned to devote the three hour I have devoted to other purposes to arrage In some way what I hhould my to you now. The resolution whiclh I have now to propose Is as follows cThat Her aje Goernment ought to be oafde aT roommnlth the preset critioal postion Of th eme tile intereet in.Scotld, and solUited to make such seps as shall sDeem c et o edisent for aYthog 30 much sufferint and lows to the nation;: and for that purpose the fcklowIng dep,ntatloo be appointed to proceed to London to communl. vaw win,hthe Ibset Lord ot the Tcsasury and the Chanoegor of the ExcheQuer." Perhaps the most important subject which arises ouat of the late financial crisis in Glasgow is the consideration as to the number of people who will be deprived of the means of earning their livelihood. It is impossible that such a mnercantile crisis should have oecurred under any circumaanos, much less under the Circumstances at present, without manyipeople being thrown out of employment; and although I wou d not be prepar"d to go forward to Government and .sik them for any assistance to re-establish our banks, I think we have a fair claim upon Government to render them assistance, if necessary, to maintai or to feed our people. (Applause.) Perhaps one of the greatest difficulties arisn from the present shutting up of the City of Glasgow and Western Banks is the difficulty many ooncerns carrying on a large business have to raise the necessary means, the sources from which they derlved their supplv being now stopped. I have no doubt the chartered banks and the other banks in Glasgow will do their best to afford the means to all solvent houses to carry onas far as lies in their power - but there will certainly be other concerns-whother houses employing labour, or shopkeepers, or other peoplo doing wit bills in Glasgow-which will not have the facilty of acquiring thisasstance from other hands, and who will have to look forward to certain evils in the conduct of their business. Ourrespcrtedfriend Mr. Smith has told us what happened in the last century, now I can tell you mhat happened In this. In 1826, at a period of deep distress in Glasgow, when the banks in England-I think to the number of 125-had suspended payment, a deputation went from Glasgow to London, saw the then Prime Minister of the Government, and, after consultation, secured a grant of a large sum of money. This grant of money was t in the hands of a committee of three merchants in GIsgow, of whom my father was the chairman. (Applause.) With this money they got goods from different manufacturers, and they assisted other classes of the community with loans, taking such security as they thought fit; and they managed this fund so that innumerable houses in Glasgow were prevented from suspending business, and were enabled to carry it on so as to supply the people they were accustomed to employ in work. (Applause.) And I have further to state that this was managed with the most trifling-perhaps, I may almost say, without loss at all to Government or to the country. I think that, having such a precedent before us, we might safely go forward to the Government and ask them, if funds should be necessav, that they should afford us some assistance-some means in our present state, to carry on the business of our large mannfacturin concerns. But, gentlemen, that would be a last result. 1 hold that there is sufficient wealth-that there is sufficient busines talent in the city of Glasgow to get over our present difficulties without any application to Government. (Great applause.) Allthatwe now want Is a restoration of confidence, and that restoration of confidence will place U8 on a fair and proper footing. I was absent on the Continent when the great crisis occurred, but tae details which I have received since I returned lead me to make one or two remarks. The learned SherifMhas given his opinion of the Act of 1844. The Act of 1844may have many objectionsurgedagainstit, but I think there is one objection which must occur to you all, which is a fatal objection, viz., that vhenever the Act begins to act then it Is obliged to be suspended. (Applause.) I would like to make one or twvoremarks with regard tothe Act in one particular case. Before I left home it was stated that certamn large houses were in difficulties. It was stated that the Messrs Macdonald were in great difficulties, that Messrs. John Monteith and Co. were in great difficulties, and that theWestern Bank was very largely involved with them. It proved that the report connecting those houses with the Western Bank was true. Those houses were obliged to suspend, and that created a considerable amount of distrust in the City of Glasgow. Deputations, as I understand, went to London, represented the evil effects that would follow if the distrust continued, and urged upon the Government or the Bank of England to do something to releve the state of the money-market. The Government refused. On Monday, the 19th of November, the failure of Messrs. Dennistoun ocerured, one of our largest and most respectable firms. It Is right to draw a distinction here. The suspension of the Messrs. Dennistoun did not arise from a course of overtrading vithout suffilcient capital like the others-it arose from the-bankruptcy of a nation-from the totl failure of the whole American people to pay their debts. (Great cheering.) The suspension of the Messrs. Dennistoun led to a general run spon the banks. The Western Bank shut their doors, the City of Glasgow Bank shut their doors. The Union were able towithatan, whattan, andiotheUnionBanklthink belongs the merit of having saved the banking system of ScotLand. (Great applause.) Gentlemen, what was the resultI Did the Government relax the Act of 1844? The Government vrould not relax the Act of 1844 for Scotland, but-within ten days, when the thing came nearer homewhen the London large establishments were faling-when one of their largest bill-discounting houses broke-when others were in difficulties-when the great A merican houses inuLondon were in difficulties-then the Government saw fit to relax. (Great excitement.) Government sacrificed Glasgow, but saved London-then they saw the evils of the Act of 1844. Perhaps, although it is not a part of the resolution to which I am caUed to speak, it might be well to say how much we sympathize with all the different parties involved in the present crisis-how much we sympathize with the depositors who have their money locked up in these banks-how much we sympathize with the unfortunate shareholders of these banks, many of them ladies, and many of them trustees for children-how much we sympathize with all these, it is impossible we can express. But we have also to acknowledge that there has been gross mismanagementby one of the managers of these banks. I am sure that circumstances will come t light with regard to the management of one of the managers which are perfectly astounding. But with that we have not to do just now. I cannot agree with Sheriff Steele, nor with the papers, that we should reprabah the conduct of the chartered banks In Einburgh. I think these banks wil be prepared to do whatever is rght whenever they see themselves safe. I cannot for one moment believe that these banks would wish to put down either the City or Western Banks of Glasgow if they saw any means of carrying them on. I believe that to the chartered banks of Edlnburgh and the other banks in Glasgow we shall be indebted for taking up a large amount of the accounts of the City of Glasgow,and theWestern Bank, for givingfacilities to an immense number of firms for carrying on their busines, which otherwise they would not have had; and I do not think we ought to blame rashly establishments which have maintained their credit in Glasgow, which give immense facilities to the business both mercantlle and manufacturing of the city. I do not think we should blame them in the way they have been blamed. I trust, although my sentiments on the subject may perhaps be different from many expressed out of doors, that they are honest and fair sentiments, and I am sure you wil agree with me in thinking that so far as the public generally are concerned we are much indebted to the chartered and other banks, (Hisses and cheering.) Gentlemen, I have to state one other point. When I heard of a run upon the banks in Glasgow and throughout the country generaUyI blushed for my fellow-countrymen, and I wiU tet you why I did so. In Scotland, during the last 80 years, we have had the suspension of the following banks:-The Ayr Bank, trading under the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Co., established in 1769, and suspended in 1772, with only 128,0001. capital aid up-its creditors paid in fulL The Danbar or sastLothian Bank suspendedin 1820. Its creditors were paid in full. The Falldrk Banking Company, with only five partners, established in 1789 and suspended in 1816. This was not properly a banking establishment. It was rather a company formed, consisting of five persons, for the purpose of dealing in cattle; and although they went under the name of the Falkrk Banklng Company they were not properly a bank. The public lost by that bank 25,0001. The Fife or Cupar Bank, established in 1802, with 20 partners, suspended in 1825-the public suffered no loss. The Stirling Bankin£ Company, established in 1777, suspsnded about 1825, and the public were paid in fulL These facts could not be known to the public generally, but I believe the fact was known generally that the public had never sustained any loss by any bank in Scotland, exccpt the Renfrew. (ApDlause. A Voice, " Watson's Bank.") w1atson's Bank was not a bank of Lssue. It was more a discounting hoase, and it is, therefore, different from banks receiving deposits and issuing notes. Another gentleman suggests the Aberdeen Bank. No doubt it was a total failreso far as the partners were concerned ; but the public never lost anything. Now, gentlemen, with these facts before us, and, recollect this with the proprietary of the various banks here, whose namnes are published annually, the public should know that with such an amount of property, with such wealth in the list of the shareholders, even under anything like ordinary mismanagement, they cannot suffer, however much the shareholders may. I am confident that Whatever may be the result depositors in .the two banks now in course of suspension will suffer no loss-that every far. thlng they owe will be paid. (Applause.) The only point now is to nominate the committee to proceed as a deputation o London. The hon. gentleman then proposed The Lord Provost, the Dean of Guild, BaiUe Clouston, Dean of Faculty Morrison; Mr. Hugh Tennant, of Welpark, and Mr. Robert Napier, Lancefield, with power to add to their number. Bailie M'CULLOCii seconded the motion, and it was unanimously adopted. lMr. BUCHANscN, M.P., said,-It Is mny pleasing duty to ask you to join in a very hearty vote of thanks to the Lord Provost for his conduct in the chair. It is one of the first occasions on which he has met a large body of his fellow. citizens, and I am sure the manner in which he has con. ducted this meeting is a good augury for his career as Lord Provost. (Applause.) The meeting then separated. Tux Duxz oF NEWCASTEE.-We regret to state that the Duke of Newosstle, whUe huntlng with the Earl of Scaborough's hounds, near Kneesall, on Thursday last, was thrown from his horse, and falling on his elbow dislo. eated his shoulder. Eortunately two medi-.al men were in &he field at the time, and his grace was carriel to a cottage, where the fracture was reduced &c., and he was conveyed home by Dr. Ward, of Wellow.sall. Early c' the foUow. ug morning the dulke started off toNottingham to attend to hia of fic uuties as Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Nottingham. On Tuesday last their guests, the Duke and Dcess of Sutherland, wiho were on a vUist at Worksopmanor, called to inquire after the duke's health.-Nounik.
THE NEWCASTLE BANKS. (BY ezarnrO Ah-D INTRAIro1A TELEGRAPH.) NEWCASTLE, FRIDAY EVxMNG, 10 r.X. Various meetings hav, been held to-day between the directors and the firas shareholders. No offlcial an. nouncement of the resglt has been publinhed, but it is known that about one-third of the first-clss shareholders bave dgned consent to a subsription of 51. per share, with the view of establishing a now bank for discoanting bond Sfe bille only, and allowing no overdrawn accounts.
LIFBRPOOL PBODUCE-MABKET. (From the Gencrao Brokers' Circular of yesterday.) Sugar. -The market has been duU throughout the week, and prices have declined 6d. to ls. per owt.; the sales are 600 hhds. B.P., 200 bags Bengal, and 7,500 bags Brazil, at 20s. to 22'.; and of imports from the United States, 2,700 bags low red dates, at 29s. 3d, 4,600 bags clayed fanila At 35s. per cwt. from the quay, and 360 hhds. Cuba muscovado, for which no prioes are reported. Molasses.-The market continues dull, but without change in prices; only 53 casks inferior clayed. Cuba sold at 13.s per owt. Coffee-The business Is again quite unimportant, being confined to 20 tierces Jamaica, 30 bags razil, and 30 bags M.anila At former rates, 20 bags Trinidad cocoa sold at 85,. per owt., and 80 bag of Singapore black pepper chiefly at 4fd. per lb. Ricoe continues rather diffcult of sale, And lower prioes have again been acceded to; the transatlons have been restricted to 7,000 bag Bengal at 8s. 3d. for low middling old, up to 11a. 6d, for fine ; 1,300 bas damaged Necransis at 7s. 9d.for first-elass damaged, and 94 bapgs pddy At 5&9dper owte alsosor nirncaLsda ecl. c iucmuc-ther lowerrates hicuar beeacepteaud for demiera of f which 150 puncboous oldthe varytlue being 2.d.Srto has beenper gallon proof for gooi, mand prssurid to 4ell pereat liqu gallon for choice Cotton.-Although there,. was a slightly improved feeling on Saturday last, and the full p rces of the preceding dlay were obtained, and although atere has been daily a tendency to more confidene c irn monetary affais, -tnhe market has drooped under the limited demndu30, 'and holders hav been anxious selers, giving way in the useful current qualities of A'nerican id. per lb., and considerably more in the low and ordinary grades, which are aleist nominal Brazil continues much depreared, particularly Maceio, and a declne of fally id. per lb. must be noted, and in Egyptian a somilar reduction has occurred, with very little doing. Suant has been in fair requiest, butt, with much pressure to sell- great Irregularity in prices has prevailed, And quotations are reduced about gd. per lb. Speculators have taken 1,370 American and 220 S3urat - and there are reported for export 770 American and 4,300 urat. The market tolday has been mnore steady at the decline noted; sales 8,000 bales about half on speculation and for exports chiefly in Surats. Tea.-Sales have agin been very limited, and prices barely su.ported the clearances continue good, and the Caraticle 8d. Oed on as being in a favourable position. All descriptions of East India drysaetery articl reman neglected, and only a sral lot of Gmsbier sold, all faults; 28 chests Oude indigo at 3s. 6d. to 4s 6d. per lb. for ori nary to fair consmming quality ; andl 150 bags sago ffour at 16s. 6OL; a triflyng parcel of Bengal satpetre is reported at 37g. for 17n per cent, refraction, and in nitrate of soda only retail parclsatges 6d.ia bewxsoda1 to 231. perc.t The transactions in yewooie doi nt b reach 150 ton;s at lwe prices for mbetn seorts. elau ool tu ln.SThU sales realinchd 1,0 barrels,common at 4s. to 4a n 3 d , ma e d i ums a t 5 g. t o S n , a n d fin e a t 1 4 s. to t5 s . p e r No sales reported in tar or turpentine, Only retail ales of ashe are rorted at the quotations. Hides.-The market oontinues depressed, and at the puablic sales ont Tuesday nearly the whole were withdrawn . 2,000 salted Buenos Ayres have since been sold at 7d., 3,oo0 salted North American at 3Jd. to 34d., and 3 dry saltd1 Ceara at S od. pen l lb. Nales of brimstone are i uite of a retae character, and pr noninal. The only business reported In Argols conv ist f 15 boxes white at 70s. to 75s. Nothing done in Tartar,. Only smal sales are reported in Sumac, at 12g. to 14,. for now Palermo and 8s. for Catinea. Fifteen packages American beeswax sold at 71. to 71. 6s. per owt The tasactions in olive oil are barely 50 tuns, at price which have nxot been reported. Seal aLnd cood oils continue dull of sale. 10 tons sperm sold at 701. to 721. per tun. Small sales of linseed oil are reported at 31s. to 32g. and pale raps at 43s. to 45g. per cwt. American spirits of turpentine are in moderte request at 32.s. to 33s. per cwt. About 145 tuns palm oil on the spot have been sold during the week at 371. to 381. l0s., and 50 tuns to arrive at 391. per tun. The tallow-market Is lower, but the demand has improved about 200 casks Petersburg Y.C. sold at 49s. to Ss, 450 pipes South American at 48s. Gd. to 49s., and 150 casks North Americamn at 46s. to 50s. per cwt. Lard is quoted nominally at 56s. to 58s. per cwt. No transactions to rport in either jute o ep Grafu.-Whieat~ with a moderate demand, has recovered the decline of this day week-, and all other articles remainL unaltered.
THE ArmRicA PAN.Ic AS vmwF.rD x ENGLAND. -The commercial advices by the Arabia yesterday mado some of our worthy fellow citizens feel a littlo foolish. We had been waiting, with breathless anxiety, for the explosion of the bombshell we had sent over something like a month ago. We expected to hear very dreadful accounts of the damage ib had done, the consternation it had created, and the fearfal measures of retaliation to which it might incite the English people. The Bank of England was certainly to suspend; scores of houses connected with the American trade wore to disappear from the commercial world; and it was even feared that the indignant sons of John BulU might rush over in swarms, personally or by proxy, and demand payment of the money they had loaned us on our railway bonds. All this was to take place as soon as the news of our bank susension should reach the English shore. That event took piece in due time; but the dizeful results have not folowed. In fact, John BuU does not seem in the least excited by this awtul ncident. The Bank of England did not suspend, Consuls did not decline, and the imperturbable Brltishors cooUy proceeded to buy up our railroad stocks and bonds at the ridiculously low figure to which our ridiculous panic had reduced them. This may be a little annoying to our overweening vanity. It shows we are neither so important nor so wise as we had fancied ourselves But It also shows that there is more intelitence and a more solid order of men in the London Stock- xchange than ln our own. They are less excitable, act with greater deliberation, and have more sagacity, and possibly more principle, than the Buls and Bears of Wall-street. On the receipt of the news of the suspension of specie payments by our banks Consols feU one-fourth per cent., but recovered even that trifling decline during the day. With us it is no unusual cirunmstance for stocks to rise aud faU 8 or 10 per cent. in the course of a morning.-New York- Timers, Nov. 14., TJDS FINANIAL CRISIS iz AMERICA.-Tho city was taken by surprise yesterday morning by the news that the English, so far from succumbing under the influenee of the news of our financial embarrassments and the suspension of Bpecie payments by our banks, had taken the matter quite cooly, and thought, on the whole, that it was the best thing that could have been done. It was hardly reasonable to expect to bear by the Arabia the ful effect of our disasters here. It will take some time for our catastrophe to react upon the commercial community of England. The houses which are doomed wiU struggle as long as they can, and may succeed in putting off the evil day for a long time. In 1837 the bank suspension took place in May, and the Anglo-Asmerican housesinEngland didnotfaUltlllateinthesummer. For the moment, the exhilarating effect of the fall of Delhi and the proximate reconquest of the Presidency of Bengal have complotely counteracted the damping tendency of our commercial troubles. Of course, ultimately, as the fal of Delhi will put no money into the pockets of the English, their loss by us w1il be none the less, and, whatever comes of India, they will still have all the same to pay up their debts to us1 and to resign themselves to lose many of the debts we owe them. They wil stiUl lose a large proportion of the money they have invested in our rotten railways. They will 'still suffer severely by our bankrupt dry goods dealers and our insolvent merchants. But when al these losses are fairly written down and checked off, to what do they amount for a nation like England? Next to nothing. Our trade with England, or rather that portion of it which can be affected by these commercial tempests, is a very small part of the financial and commercial business of Great Britain. The merchants and bankers who might be overthrown by our revulsion are so infinitessimal a part of the British community that the loss of them would hardly be noticed if they went out of sight altogether. The Anglo-American houses might be swept away and trade would go on just as usual; tho great business of the country does not depend on their existence or their solvency. We may learn a wholesome lesson from the British reception of our financial troubles. There was no flurry in the streets, no clamour in the newspapers. The suspension of the banks was haied as " a very good thing' on the whole - and as for specie, it was proclaimed that England would seud as much as we wanted, provided we paid for it. ThiF is the tone and language of a sensible practical, ripely intelligent people. We could do no harm by copying them somotimes. We are yet too near the revulsion to dogmatize on it; but when the time comes that we shall novw the Inside history of the revulsion and bank suspension of 1857, from beginning to end, perhaps it may be found that this community did not distinguish itself in that year for coolness, sagacity, courage, or common sense, and possibly it may occur to the future historian of these times to illustrate his meaning by contrasting with our flurry and panic the manly attitude of some other people in a like crisis. Englaad would present an obvious parallel-lVcw York- Herad. THE AFRICANt? A M .-PLM omry , Nov. 27.-The African Steam Navigation Company's mail packet, Ethiope, Commander Croft, sailed yesterday for Madeira and the West Coast, Among her passengers were the Bishop of Sierra Leone and Mr. Roberts, thce x-President of Liberia. The next mal-ship, home, the Gambia, commander C. Tutt, is due on the 6th of D3cember. The North of Europe Company's steamship Propler, Crptain fMorrison, which left tue Nore at 7 a.m. on Sunday and rrived at Plymouth at 6 .m. on Monday, against a head wind and heavy sea, saie for the West Coast on Tuesday. Among her passengers were Dr. Liddel, Dean of Chistchurnb, and family, for Madeira. 'The steamship Powerful, Captain Brnwell, belonging to this company, which sailed from Plymouth September12, is expected daily. The first of the line of steamships belonging to the UJnion Company, the Dane, sailed for the Cape of Good Hope direct September 15. In returning shc does not call at any intermediate port, unless AyomsoMstrrs' Hn.u.-The followi3ng are the names of gentlemen who passed their examiation in the science and prwcc of medicine, and received ortiflcates to practise, on Thursday, the 19th, and 26th of November:James Laurence Morgan, Pontrilas, Hereford; George Stacey, Hornsey; Joseph Hayton inman, Yorkshire George Theophilus Jepson, Halmpton, Middiesex; Samuel Richard Grammer, Canonbury, Middlesex; Thomas Wise. Plumsted, Rent,
FORIB4N INTBELLIGNCE. FR&NCE. rA po2tlon of the folowing appeared 14 our ?oond fdltitdr of -+.tmr s-- (rsOX OVA OWN CORRE8PonDZN EARIS, THuR,SDA.Y, Nov. 26, 6 P.J I am informeld that a nobo has been addressed by the Porte to the Powers which signed the Treaty of Paris, intimating that, in consequence of the state of the Danublan Principalities, itmay become necessary to move a body of troops to the Danaube. The Plenipotentiaries met to-day in conference for the ratification of the treaty on the limitation of the Bessarabian frontier. The ratification, however, did not take place. The Conference.willm meet again for that purpose. It appea that a marked coldnews exists at this moment between the French Government and the Court of Rome. I mentioned in a previous letter that the Duke de Grammont, on setting out for his destination, was charged to impress forcibly on the Papal Government the necesity of no longer postponing the reforms which have been so often promised. The Duke lost no time In comnunicat. ing with Cardinal Autonelli. Nothing could be more gentle, more engaging, more complying than the Cardina's language, so long as mere generalities were concerned. The French Mlinister wrote to his Government an account of what passed. He was Informed In reply that he must pay no attention to the bland but vague elocution of his Eminence, ard must come to the point. The Duke did come to the point, and so did Antonelli. But the blsndnem had passed away, and the Minister encountere4 decided reiftance to his counsels, and the conference ended in an abrupt manner. x. Dupin took the oaths yesterday," between the hands of the Emperor" (to use the official languaae of the Moniteur), as " Procureur-Genera Impdrid" at the Court of Camation, an office to which he was first appointed seven and twenty yeao ago by King Louis Philippe. We are also told that he dined at the Tuileries yesterday; he has, consequently, reeeived the arrhes or earnest of his allowance. In, a sketch of M. Dupia by " Timon" (M. de Oormenin, who has also been converted from all but Red Republicanism to purple Imnperialism), written 20 years ago, there may be found the following passages:- "31I Dupin has the insinct of the roturier wlthoct having that of the revolutionist. He was a Legitimist, after having been an ImpDeralist. He il to-day a Philippist, and to-morrow will be a Republican. But the class of the bourveoi,c which he represents, have they not been by turns all that, and will they not be so again? Some. times M. Dupin has puffs of good sense greater than any other man in Frauce.. H ias sometineo, and all of a sudden, roused to indignation by some viola. tion of the law-some dilapidation of the finances-some serious Insult to national honour. His feeling of probity is wounded; his patriotism Is excited, and boils over; the glow of oppodition mantles on his face; he writhes on his bench; he dashes his hat down on his eyes; he draws hia good sword-and then he is ready to attack all around him. But a soothing air from the Court passe by night over that superb and trlumphant brow-and that air cools him. Our lion becomes a lamb, draws in hs talons, and any one may lend him about in a string. He bleats a few murmurs, and then he goes and crouches at the feet of his master." There will not be much occasion for M DupIn to play the lion now. The lamb's part must be his In future, without so much as the bleating. The Legislative Body, as you are already aware, meets on Saturday, rather as a pure formality, and from that respect tothe law, even its letter, which has of course always characterized the Imperial Government, than for despatch of business other than to examine the " powers" of the newly-elected deputies. Of the Republican candidates who were elected for the department of the Seine, MM. Goudchaux and Carnot will, it is moraLly certain, refuse the oaths of allegiance. Geaeral Cavaignac is nomore; but, had that honest man lived, there in no doubt to what his conduct would have been. The others Ollivier and Darimont, will, in all probability, submit to the ordeal with as good a grace as possible. They are not, however, of much Importance one way or the otber. General Cavaignac's death and the refusal of Carnot and Goudchaux will leave three vacancies in the department of the Seine, and it is thought that if any Opposltion candidates present themselves they will be of that clas whose Republicanlsmhangs in more easy folds about them, and whose political faith generally is sufficiently elastic to yield to any temporary pressure. It is said that the Government will be rather moderate, and even tolerant, in the event of a contested election, when the men of real influence in the party have retired from the field. There will, however, be a protest or two presented by defeated candidates; and it Is poasible that there will be something to do in the case of Count Migeon, the deputy elect for the Bas Rhin, whose trial excited a good deal of attentiou w month or aix veeks ago. It appears it was the Governmont, and not M. Mfigeon, who appealed against the sentenoe of the Court of Colmar; but,, taking the matter as it stands, it is a question whether the sentence may not be brought forward as a disqualification for Parliamentary functions. I have just heard that MM. Goudchaux and Carnot, for Paris, and M. Henon, for Lyons, are about to publish a brief address, to the effect that the state of the law on the oaths to be taken by deputies wiR prevent them from taking their seats in the Legislative Body. M. Henon also refused to take the oaths in 1852. It was remarked by English and French officers engaged in the siege of Sebastopol that the Russian marine artillerymen employed in the forts, and the organization of the artillery itself, had considerably improved during late years. It may, therefore, be interesting to receive some details respecting the organization of the Russian navy. The constitution of the Russian marine is quite military, and is based on its distribution into five divisions, of which three are employed in the Baltic, and two in the Black Sea. The divisions consist of three brigades, and each brigade is formed of three ships of the line, two frigates, and some smaller craft. The five divisions are manned by from 45,000 to 50,000 sailors. An admiral acts as commander-in-chlef. The divisions are commanded by vice-admirals, the brigades by rear-admirals, and captains of the first-class command the crew. The companies are commanded by lieutenants, and midshipmen act as lieutenants of those companies. In this bierarchical organization each officer, whatever be his rank, depends on a superior. This arrangement concentrates the authority ald maintains a perfect unity in the service. In ordinary times the three divisions of the Baltic comprise 27 ships of the line, 18 sailing frigates and 10 steam frigates, with a reserve of ships laid up in ordinary, and gunboats. Thecrewofashipofthelinein the Baltic is not more than 1,000 men. The Rusian fleet in the Black Sea previous to the late war was placed under the command of one admiral, who had two vice-admirals under his orders, and the viceadmiral governor of the two ports of Wicholaieff and Sebastopol. A rear-admrial was the director of the arsenal of Sebastopol, under the orders of the viceadmiral governor. During the war in the Caucasus crusers, composed of light vessels or steamers, were constantly employed. They were divided into groups of seven small vessels, under the orders of a frigate carrying the flag of a rear-admiraL The pay of a Russian admiral commanding in chief, independent of his table allowance and other extras, is 5401. per annum, that of an admiral 2251., a vice-admiral 1801., a rear-admiral 1351.; in the marines of the Guard-a captain of the first class 1001., a captain of *ne second class 801., a lieutenant 631.; ln the other ranks of the marine-a captain of the first clas 801., a captain of the second class 681., a lieutenant 501., a midshipman 38. Besides masters, in imitation of the British navy, the Russians have officer pilots, holding the rank of lieutenants, whoare specially charged with all astrenomical observations, t,he reckoning, and the logbook. Therespon ibiityof the captain is not 'covered by that of the officerpilot. It is the captain who is answerable for the safety of the ship, and who directs the course to be ateered aocording to the astronomical observations of the pilot, though he is not bound to follow the pilof's advice. The captain of a Russian ahip of- war chooses his first lieutenant. It is the latter who holds the speaking-trumpet whenever the crw is asembled, but he never keeps watch. The crew of a Russian ship of war is composed of one-third Russian or Cossack peasants; one-third Poles, of whom the majority are Jews; and one-third of all nations, but chiefly Greeks. The Russian peasants are taken into the service at 17 or 18 years of age, aud remain on the roll for 20 years.. They are incorporated into companies of 250 men, and are at the same time soldiers and seamen. In that part of my letter of Tuesday refeeriug to the DanubianPrincipalities it was stated that "both (the two classes of Boyards), whatever be their rank, pay impoats of every kind." It should have been, "a:y wo impoats of any kind ;" though the context showed that the error was a slip of the pen. The Directors of the Bank of P?ranee at their meeting to-day reduced the rate of diaeountone per cent., as follows:-To 7 per cent. for b}lls having only 30 days to run, to 8 per cent. for bills at 60 days, and to 9 per cent. for 90 days. The Three per Cenht. leoed to-day at 67f. 30c. for the end of the month, and the Fqur-and-a-flalf per Cents, at 90f. 80c.; O ezsRaily shares, 1,285f.; Great Northern, 8801.; Struburg,. 637f. 50o.; Paris to Lyons and the Me4iterranean, 831f. 25c. 4 Western of France, 640f.; Bordeaun and Cette, 5271. 60c.; Great Central. of Fraice, 602f. 60c.; Lyons and Geneva, 6021. 60c.; Bank of Crddit EMobibir, 767f. 60c.; Austria Railways 658. 76c.; Rtussian Railways, 492f. 60¢. CAuM We.-PAM November 26.-Cash PHieee -Four-and.a-Half per Cets. (not reimburable for 10 yeas) 90f. 75c. 8Sc.; Four per Cwts, 79f.; Thwee per Cents., 67f. 30c. 35e. 40., y Bonds, 6 per cent.; Bank of Fance, 2,9901. 2'95f. 3,000f. 2,995f. Z,998f. 76o. 3,000. - ditto (6601. pid). 2,9901. 2,995f. 2,998f. 75c.; Vr6dit iocder, 630f. 5M2. 5o.; ditbo Obliptions of 8001., Four per Cents., 4251. 4221 bOo. 420f.; ditto,. TenIhs, Four r Cents., 90f£ 92f. 50; ditto, Thre per Cents, 405f.; Fenths, The pei Ceitu., "80f.; Prombn r ObligVlos of 1,000f Three Per Cents., 930t *Crltt oilr, 765f. 760r. 762f. SOc. 767!. S0c. 7571. MO. 760f.; Discount Ba3* 660f.; Piediontese Five fr ComiS, 881. 871. Boo. 8S,; ditto Tbree per Cents., B35.;Austrn Five pe Cents. 881 :- Belgiarn Four-and-a-Hall er Cenkl, 961: EpslshtX)ferreJ Converted Debt, 24g. Exchange on Loadn, it might, 251.rXL 45; moa, «1. 4.; three months paer, a4.80e,; Inicecy 24. 774e. AUSTRIA. (FROM OVA OWN 0 RINJOPONDMiT.) VIENNA, Nov. 24. The recent concentration of Turkish troops on the right bank of the Danube has given rise to so maany erroneous reports that it may be as well to lay before you some reliable information which has reached me on the subject. The Porte, being aware tlhat there is a violent political ferment in all thoe provinces which are inhabited by people of, Roumaliio and Slavonic origin, has considered it necesaary to patrpen dc7hln betweenSills and Widd$n. Thithe TurkshGovernment has commu- nicatedtothegreatPowreraltsdeterminationtooccpy| Wallachia and Moldavia if there should be anydis v tarbances in those province. is incorrect, but it is probable that it has inquired what steps are to be taken if excesees on the part oftherevolutiona faction should render intervention neces . The statement of the Nord, that there is a secret imuderstanding between the Austria. Government and the Radicals in the Danubian Principa4ties greatly amuses the Vienna diplomatista, who well knot that the Inperial Cabinet has never Qessed to reproach the Porte for having permitted such a host of polltlcalrefugeesto return toMoldavlaandWaflachia. The asertion that the Austrian commanders i Traan sylvania and in the Servian Banat have received orders to cross the frontiers if there Bbould be any disturbances in the Danubian Principalities h also pure invention. This Government, which ardently desires that the conditions of the Treaty of March 30 should be fulfilled to 'the letter, Ix not hkely to, forget that its 2Mth Article runs thus :-" If the in. ternal repose of the Principalities Ahould be menaced or compromised, the Sublime Porte will come to an agreement with (s'entendira avec) the other Contracting Powers respecting the measures to be taken for maintaining or re-establishing legal order. Ax armed intervention cannot take place without a previous agreement between the Powers." Unfortunately some of the articles in the Treaty of Paris are very loosely worded, but it is impo4sible to mistAke the sense of the foregoing, According to private advices from Belgrade considerable moral pressure was employed by France and Russia before Prince Alexander of Servia consented to commute the sentence of death passed upon the conspirators to imprisonment for life. The French and Russian Consuls-General at lMelgrade assured their superiors at Constantinople that the execution of the Senators would be a violation of the Constitution pro, claimed at Belgrade on the 24th of Februay, 1839 and therefore the Porte was worried and tze until it consented to desire the Hoapodar to spare the lives of the men who had plotted against him and his Govemmetit. Prince Alexander probably received a hint of what ias doing at Consteatinople, for he had commuted the sentence of the conspirators before the instructions of the Porte reached Belgrade. We learn from Bucharest that the European Commission for the reorganization of Moldavia and Wallachia has divided its work in the following way :-The English Commisioner has charge of the internal administration, the Austrian of the finances, the in oE military matters, the Russian of eccleslastical affairs, the French of public instruction, the Sardinian of commerce and public works, and the Turkish of legislation. The Constantinople correspondents of the German and French papers talk much about the occupation of the Island of Perlm by the English, and fancy that it will eventually become .a question of European importance. Subjoined is a brief summary of a long account given by the Trieste Zeiturng of the iland:- "1 The island of Perim, or Bas-el-Mandeb, which was taken possession of by the English last Febrtary, is direetly opposite the entrance to the Red Sea, and is the key to it. It is about 22 English miles long, and 10 broad. Its greatest height above the surface of the sea is 230 feet. It is a barren rock, without water and without shrubs of any kind, but it has an excellent port, with room for two score ships of the line. The entrance to the port Is narrow, but by no means dangerous. The bed of the harbour Is a layer of mud some 36 or 40 feet deep. Crags or sunken rocks there are none." The chief of the Somali tribes ceded Perim to the British Government, and on the 14th of last February a detachment of artillery of the East India Company took formal possession of it. Persons who have recently sailed past the island state that fortifications have already been constructed. In the year 1856 the deficit here was 62,000,000fl., and it is said to have been about 33,000,000fl. in the military year which ended on the 31st October, 1857. ITALY. (motX oun OWN co ausroiu)EnDI.) TURIN, Nov. 23 The consCiousness that it is due in no small degree to one's own negligence or imprudence does not much increase the equanimity with which one bears a disappointment, and the Piedmontese Liberals, welU aware of their fault, look grimly at I the " compact phalanx," as the Armonia terms it, of the clerical minority, and chafe at the reflection that by greater vigilance and union they might have prevented its attaining so considerable a sie They are still a little feverish after their struggle, and perhaps rather anxious to know what-their neighbours and friends will say concerning their want of watchfulness and the apparent backsliding of the country. Foreigners, if they fairly appreciate the circumstances of the case. will probably be lenient in their judgment-more 0o, perhaps, than the Piedmontese are in judging and condemning themselves. Constitutionlx government and liberal institutions ar of too recent importation into this country for the intelligent and numerous party whichsupports and is worthyof them to be exempt from the errors and weaknemes which, in some other lands, and for a much longer period, have deprived those institutions of all value and virtue. The Sardinian Liberals have been subject -although, owing to the patience and good sense of the national character, in a far less degree-to the jealousies and divisions which in Spain, that paradise of political renegades and reprobates,, has hitherto, for more than 20 years, rendered the constitution a mere farce. Far be it from me to compare the two countries; it were easier and juster to contrast them; but the most honest and the best intentioned may have their hours of dangerous ease, may fancy themselves secure in port, and rest upon their oars Wvhen they should still be straining at them. And this has been the ease here, where supineness and want of harmony have given to the enemies of liberty an advantage which may have troublesome, but, as I flUy believe, not dangerous, consequences. Under the, consciousness of this the majority of the nation nowamarts, selfreproachful of its neglect, and seeks to show that, though it may have been remiss, it recants nothing of its political creed. In Turin the movementt wu immediate and unmistakeable, and its resultseWere evident at the second elections. All internal dissensions were forgotten, and al shades of the Miberal party pressed together and made common oause against a dangerous and insidious foe, suddenly prosed to be more powerful than had b2en expeoted. Although in the provinces, in some places, the rally came too late, there have been abundant indications that the country is upon its mettle and roased to resist aggreasions upon its liberties. We daily hear of ovations to the Liberal deputies, and of demonstrations hostile to the priesta, and if the electionx had to be made again the results would probably be somewhat different. Meanwhile it in confidently stated that the clerical minority will be weakened by the scrutiny with which the Chamber commences its proceedings. The Ministerialists loudly denounce the means employed by the priests to obtain majorities for their candidates, 'while the clericals retort the charge, and talk of Government influence and even of bribery. Such recriminations are pretty common after general electlons in aU countries where they take place; the reports of the committees of the Chamber Vill show how far they are well founded. The Staffeta (a small evening paper) of last night brings explicit chiarges agaiinst the priest; detailing their artifces and citingplaces and persons; and it publishes a letter addresed by the Bishop of Savona tothe priestsof his dioce enjoining thera to exert their utmost influence *iththe votera, and to employ means whiochai bardly be conidered short of bribery and corruptlop-such -s paying the electors for their journey, their day'a expen neln Savona, and the arount of the pdyfwork aymr be supposed to loee. At Pancklldrf (the Liberal electors of which place hatve made a silly protest against the rejection of Dell&Marmora, which they ought to have prevented by vigilance and exertion) a most barefaced manceuvre is said to 'have succeeded with many of the more ignorant votes. The priests quite acquieved in the propriety of their giving their votes to the General, but fowid means at the last moment to deceive them as tohis Chris. tiau name, so that the tickets put into the ballotting urn were incorrect, and numerous votes were loot. Other tricks of an equally grosS kind are reportedto have been played in various places, which, if they really were successfully attempted, certainly prove two things-namely, the audacity of the clerical ugglers, and the ignorance and simplicity of the lower clas4es of the Piedmontese voters Some of the Deputieo of the Right are aaid.to be. worthy of. their constituents, and to be ignorantj uneducated. men, whose only recommendation is that they will be unable to take up the time of the. ChAmber, since they speak only badFrench and the Piedmontese patois. On the other hand, there are not a few new men among the retrogrades who have been returned, and it is believed that some of theswil prove tolerably capable. The party has great need of able men, and poorly setup with SolarQo della Margherita for a leader. According toan analysisof the new Chamber(mande when it was not quite complete), it will contain 55 Marquises, Counts, and Barons, of whom 22 are IAberals and 33 Retrogradee, 90 lawyers, 15 -mages: trates, 12 doctors, 8 professors, 8 generals, 8 officers of lower grades, and 8 prieste Even up to this time, however, there are still three elections of which the results are not known.: When the Chamber is constituted, a more. exact examination can be made of its component classes. As regards the strength of the different parties, and shades of parties, it will be difflcult to estimate it orretly until 41cuasons and divWions have occurred. FoW these we shall not have long to wait.- The struggle will doubtless begin on the reports of the committees on the elections.
MROBROPOMPAN BOARD OF WOKS. The ordnary weekly meeting of the Board was held yesterday in the Council Chamber, Guildbhll; Mr. J. Thwaites In the chair. The foUowiDg fmanolal skatement was laid before the Boarcd :- General euneutacon elanooe in had f treasmurer, tbe Ed of $ L d- November, 1857 . . .. .. 7,414 5 6 Ohecke drawn, but not presented 4.. .. 73 19 10 Available balance 6,4 'd. An3ount of depoesit scount 40,oc . o o Bali onspeclial acoounts 0- Southwrk and W etminBtr coDmmunloaton 359 7 5 Cosest-arder. approach.50N . 7 nasburj.park .47 . .. . .. S76 5 8 - ,640 1 5 Toual aeneral baase 48,580 7 2 1)educt amount to be wet apart ana aiklnkb funYf ot re- vsMeat of mortgage debs .. .. .. 3,3S9 3 2 45.231 4 0 NL;w STnr ,LT TIM PAST END OF LONDON. A report was brought up from the Committee of Worka and Improvements, recommending that a new line of street from Commercialroad to Rled iaon-street, Whitechapel, as shown upon the plan accompanying the reports of tho committee, be formed at an estimatedi net oost of 139,279 The report, after a short discuasson, was referred back to the committee for further consideration. IMPROVXM TS OF THN MEROPOIJS. Lieutenant-Colonel KmimY, pursuant to notice, moved,- *-ht the memorlnl of the St. Glmeo' Dlztilt Board of Work ree-c on the 6tlu , be reterred to the Worbs Committee to eonsder plare uof a comprehebisrve n crhee anhnowieegathe pubcio wor neerssy tora smeetbdyno theigrowingbeqursm. softemtrpl and subseuenty to 8he upnaucH Committee to a repare for the cofrtdeoueon of the Board a i nmclal s heme setting forth the sourjec serowhlchthe oSofthose wor, ashould be defrayed." 3ir. t.TrFArO rt seconded the motion. Mr. ILESLII opposed such mnatters being referred to anv committee, as it was the business of the Board to tiscuss oIl plans of a comprehensive nature, and not delegatesuohmat. ters toha sma ody oftheir members. Mr. Alderman Hnenethey said, a committee of both Houses of Parliament had sat for 12 years on the subject of metropolitan improvements, and they had made their report. That report cont2ined maps and plans for new streets allover the metropolis, and therefore he thounht before they wrent further they should have that recort be tore them. If they made nei plans they wsonld fritter away their meats in uonecessary expenses. Mr. HAWE condemned the system nowr pursuedl by the Wtorks Committee in recommending newv and peddling little works In the suburbs of the metropolis, instead of attending to the improvement of the main thoroughfares, such as Eleet.street and Ludgate-hill, which wfere every day consabntly blocked up by the immenseotraffic passino thronch theta, to the gret annoyance and inconvenlenc0e of the public. After some further diussion, The CAiRMAN put the question, when there appeared,_ For the motion ... ... ... ... 14 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 12 Miajority ... ... ... ... -2 TEX VxCTonTA-sTREs T SERt. On a proposition by theWorks Committee for anadditional outlay of 6,0001. on the Victoria-street sewer, Mr. DOULTON opposed the motion, and said that the sum of 70,000. had been already spent upon this sewer. He proposed that the report of the engineer should be printed, and the further consideration of the question be deferred for a week. Mr. LESLIE seconded the motion, and said that the constant expenditure on this sewer was a robbery upon the public. Mr. BAz&nG=GPr, the engineer, said this was a work that would admit of nn delay. After some discusion the subject was deferred for week by a majority of 19 to 9. OrCcS OF TIIr BOARD. Mr. NICHOLAY moved,- " That It be referred to the Geneal Purposes CommRitte to coosider and report upon the course to be pursted with reference to the Isodrion of suitable premime for transacting the buelneou of the Mr. Hows seconded the motion. Mr. Deputy HARRISON opposed the motion, and aid there was no neoessity whatever to remove from thei sent place of meeting, as it was quite at their service as Eong as they chose to occupy it. The premises in Greek.street were not so convenient, as was evidenced from the small attendance of members on committees in Greek.street. He mnoved- "That the further oonsideration of this question be deferred for sIx Mr. SAVAGE seconded tAe amendment. Mr. Alderman Humxmy waS opposed to the expenditure of a large sumn of money for new offices, as he had considerable doubts as to the permanence of the board. When they had one individual amongst them receiving 1500i. a-year, snd all the rest receiving nothing, he thought that was a system that could not long continue. In the ditriot of Clapham, wrhere he resided, the Board did nothing but levy rates, for the ratepayers got nothing for their monoy. Mr. Lzsuxs and Mr. BURSLE)f suPported the motion. Mr. WARn tbought it was now high time that the Board should look out for some Place of meeting of their own. Mr. CRELLIlr believed that It would be better if the committees were held at GaUidhall instead of Greek-street, and then they would have a better attendance of members. Mr. HARRIS supported the miotion, and Mr. H. IL TAYLon opposed it. After some observations from Mr. WILKISON of a °dn; jome other business was disposed of, and the Board
IDIND BRELI9F.--RDCEIPT STAMPS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. 8ir,-I saw to-day, affixed to the door of the church at Bembzidge, In the Isle of Wight, a written recept for the amount collected there for India relief, bearing an ordinary reoeipt stamp. The stamp represented one penny thrown away - and it may be as well that aU who have to do with charltable mubscriptions ehould know that a starap is not required for a receipt for any charitable subeeription or other gift of money. A gift is not a " payment" within the mea g of the Acts of Parliament touching receipts. No receip, stamp Is required for the acknowledgment of tha receipt o" a physician's or a barrister's fee, both of which, in legal estimation, are "gifts," and not "payments." Ynnrs alwri n-U41, A BARRISTER.AT.AW. OcL 13.
TO THE EDITOR OF TH:E TIMtE& Sir,-1 Quite agre with your correspondent "C ivilian" that for such duties an that which was performed by Lieutenant Salkeld and his little band of heroes at the Cash. mere-gate of Delhi some kind of shield might be employed with advantage. In July, 1848, I sent a plan for a moveable shield for attacking barricades to General Cavaignae at Paris, and oa the 13th or 14th of July your own columns contained descriptions of my machine, and a statement by your Paris correspondent that it had been eonstructed at the Ecole Militare in that city. Fortunately, It was never uBed there, but there seems to me no valid reason why such a contrivance should not be used on occasions like that whlch recently occurred at Delhi. The track- proposed, with a shield in front, would serve to oarry the powder bags, without incurring the chanoe of their being dropped owing to the fall of one or two of the men employed on the servie, whUle the chances of prema. ture igultion would be diminished. Theae, I thinlr, are ad. vatages tending to insure success wvhich should tnduee military engineersto use moveable coverfor their meunwhen possiblo, even if they despise it as a personal protection. I remain, pSir, yours faithfully. J AAUSS KIOCIK, Jun flLD gs, Nov. 26.
CONFESSION OF MUIwDx.- A great deal of excltement has been created in Weymouth during the pat week, says the Shrbomc Jousna4 in consequence of a rumour that an oia woman on her deathbed had confesse that she was a participator in a most foul and cruel murder committed more thau half a century ago, but the real perpetrators of which at that time could not he discovered. The particulars of this dark deed we have gathered from the testimony of many old persons still living, and who can distinctly recollet the circumstance that about the period mentiosled great alarm was felt in the town in consequence of the discovery of a human body wrapDed in a linen sheet, ying near the foot of the old bridge; on the Melcomnbe Regis side of the harbour. On examination it was found that death had been caused by a blow on the head, causing a severe fracture of the skull, as iE comimitted by some iron and blunt instrument. Blood was traced from the spot across the bridge to a house in which the deceased woman resided, situatedin Highstret, near Boot-lane. This was then the only house of Illfame in the town. It is supposed :hat on the night of the murder the unfortunate man, whose name was TiUroyd Morgan, by profession a jeweller and engraver, was at thls house, in company with a farmer named Hardy, who re. sided at the vllage of Chickerell, but who died many years since. A quarrel is said to have arisen between these parties, which resulted in a death blow being tlfficted upon Morgan. After the fatal blow had been struck the body of the deceased was wrapped up in a kind of sheet or sack, and was then placed on Hardy's horse, which was standing at the door of the ill-famed house at the time of the occurrence and brought to the bridge, the intention of the murderers being to throw it into the water. In this it would seera they were baffled, for the night was dark, and several voices were heard, which thwarted their designs, and they on landing at the Melcombe side dropped their barden in the street. As daylight dawned a workman near the spot saw the bundle, and on opening it a most horrid sight presented itself, the head of the unfortunate man being completely smashed in. An alarm was instantly raised, and a search instituted, which resulted in spots of blood being traced through the whole of the route they had taken, and to the very door of the house in which the murder was committed. Suspicion was at once raised as to the guilty parties, and the deceased woman and her asso. ciates were at once arrested and brouebt before the tribunal at Dorchester but the evidence failed to substantiate the charge, Qa they were acquitted. A few days ago the last of the survivors of those supposed to be pirticiators in the dreadful deed died-Priscilla Guppy. On her deathbed her state of mind wvas truly frightful; she had attained a great age, being upwards of 90. It is stated that previoux to her decease she confessed she was a participator in the murder, having beat him on the head with a flat pieoe of iron or heater, such as is used in ironing linen. She implored the Divine Creator to have mercy on her soul, and forgive the sins she had committed. We understand also that she stated that when she was arraigned before the bar of justice on the trial she had the gold watch and chain of the murdered man conmealed In the hir of her head, and that after the commission of the crime Hardy went home to his own house and immediately on entering put back the clock two hours. He retired to rest, and a short ttme afterwards aroke his servant and told her to go down stairs and see what was the time, when she returned and told her master very innocently the hour, not knowing that the clock had been altered. This servant was brought forward on the trial, and thus her testimony as to his bein home at the time the crime was supposed to be oommitted led to his acquittaL The body of the murdered man was interred in the churchyard of St. Mary's Church, where now to this day may be seen his tombstone with the following inscription -' This stone was erected by public mtbscriptionin remembrance of the cruel murder oommitted on the body of Tillroyd Morgan, who lies here, on the 27th of April, 1792 aged 22." A Nzw "TOBACCO QunrsON."-The important question of the possibility of poisoning by cigars impreg nated with arsenic has been raised by the recent desth, in France, of a priest named Bottaro, supposed to have been polsoned by another priest. An investigation has been unc,erhtken to ascertain whether It be possible or probable that arsenicated cigars can cause death, by the inspiration of their smoke, Impregnated with volatilized arsenio, or by its admission in the saliva without such change; and very important are the conclusions arrived at. "There are four ways," remark the investigators, "in which the introduc. tion of arsenic into the animal economy may be effectad through the medium of cigars; by impregnation with a powerful solution of the poison; by ita introduction into the candescent end, or as an impalpable powder into the buccal end, so that it may reach and mix with the salira during smoking, or, finally, in larger quantity, hidden in the centr part of the cigar. Poisoning is hardly possible in the first or second cases. In the third instance it is inconceivable, It might occur by a combination of two or three of these methods. The question of the formation of arsenlU. retted hydrogen Is not settled." In reading this report, we seem to be transported to the days urthe Boreias, when the poisoned taper, falsely bearing the motto " al-is Inserviendo consumor," destroyed otherexistenoes in sacrificingits own; and when the flowers of the ball-room were scented with alien and lethal perfumes. It is well to be assured that these fabled horrors are also iinpossibilities. The mere suggestion of this most " deleterious sopbhstication" of tobacco must carry alarm and discomfort to the soul of any rich uncle in the habit of smoking his favontite nephew's w; hile for our modern blowers of anti-blasts to to acco it furnishes a patent and effective insinuation. This report, however, practically negatives the possibility of suoh a crime being successfully perpetrated,- since it is only in those cases where the impalpable powder is madeoto mix vith the saliva, in ether words, where detection Is almost inevitable, that this dotestable expedient conld bo effectlvely cmployed.-Thc Lancet.
MlADJUAL INVALID AND GENERAL LIFE AkSURAROB SOCO1TY. [Sd rertem8nti The 16th Annual General Meeting of thia society wa held on Thursday at the offloes, 25,ran-mall; Benjamin PhIlig,] kq., F. Presiding. wbhen~ aThe follorng repOrt from the directors was unanhmou4y Ing the year nowreported on (being the I6th of the Soczeyg business) a larger number of proposal has been received than In any pselout simDlar period; ,1517 proposals for swaranoea kave been made or sums amounting to £;770,Y72, of whLich number 1,407 have been omrnplated. anid policies trued as uring £570,282, producng a d additin to tbe annual Income by new pteinlums of not leas ths: £1315 Os. d. ThLs statement wil hbear favourable CODmparison with the precedfug fe es, as will *DeaP r by the following fIlures:- Slims Assured. Ann. Prem1iu&s 1853 92 polices for £402118, )lelding £1r94 7 3 1814 . 1,119 ,, u3,181 , 22,23 0 0 1855 .. 1,129 65 735089 , 2,06 9 1 1828 1,137 ,, iie769 - 84051 19 10 18e7 .. bo 170,s2 o 23,01a 0o 2 It i proper to stat that tbe chief soue oibt iner in new policies bm heen In the boame di tr)rt . the baunew in Inda - 2 ug cecelTed a cbeck from the terrible calamnitiea which hays vsite that country. Had the averase amount of lndian assurancoteen effeed dutlug the two hat months or the year a muchb lner amount ot new busins would have been realized than in any PreTIous ear. The result df the year's bustness as compared with that of trelous yeavs, will be seen by the following statement, viz.:- S55. 1856. 1817. Su s proposed for urance . 691.512 710,524 .. 770,27 Bums assured bynewDoldlle8 WN084 66,76t .. 6702Sl Annual premiums on new polldeOs. 22eo6 .. e2t .051. 29 1H nuDIr ot pollutes in foros. .. 5,116 . . 6 ,73!* 6,285 Annuainommefrom premiums 2. 10325 110.56 115'9sj Total samuel inoome . 1. ;. . IS711 11S 557 2% ll. Claims by death (lesa msun cross aeL tuedi .39,897 *. ..48, Aceumsulae funs . 9,1:65 *.1-349 23247.9 °The aceumulaed etpital is carfully invested in3 Gorernment,re&s snd othar approved securitiez, the Dlirectors having long dnee di ; tinned the practice of advancing money on personal wcuritie The ooutahty experienced during the twelvemonth under renew has hewn mush leesotan that which the galculatlons had antclrlxe. When It is borhas in maind that this society tkeae a large number of libmat and disesed risks, it Is h ly satsfafteoby to see that ths mortalty is not in eess of the general mortality of Xngtand and Wales U ntU the latter imonths of the patt official yr the incrzee of the busines in India had been untnterrupted; the horrible catastropbe ot the recent mtiinies and murders there have expcned masy Taluable liTes to danger; and althougb thewelsoety cannot fall to lose many of those who are assured, it is constolatory to learn by the most recent intelligence received In this country, as appears by the Report of the Calcutta Board, dated in Septmber lest, that up to that time only tight claims bat beeu made, amounting to £8,900." 1ilr Themas Phillips said the meeutinought not to teparte without returning their thanks to the Board ot irectors in IndIa tor the nstaner In which they had oonoucted the affairs of the Society there. under very dIfficult ad trying circumetaoem They had hbown a firmnes and disretion In the dcscharee of their dutes amid the slmest par. lyzlz influences thot surrounded them, which had contLibuted greatly to support aud strengthen the afatls of tbe So.ety there, and wibtchcouldnotbetoo bigLly praised. le accordingly moved thahe tbankef the meetlig beginen to the Indian direcests. Dr. Dunlap seonded the wotion, which waS then put MAn mauled unanimously. Thanks having been voted to the directos and auditors Mr. BeDnjmin PhUps returned thanks for the aorectors and himas, zad assured the mieetng thbt th*e Board would always uee its utmost rsertUouw to maintain aid justify the oonddence which the society bad for so long a pediod placen In them. Idr B. C. Grifth proposed and Mr. Thomas Stevenson seconded, _ vote of thanksto th e setrr, wh'iCh ws unanimously agreed to. Mr. O. D. Singer retwured th6nte. A veotof thankrstO the Se|cretary in India concluded the peoceed. hygs and the mseetlg ae' nrea ed. [Advertisement.]-Books Ont IldaXl rcad,7-I. lndla," by .1. H. Stocqueler (price Is bd, bo rdsi . her Governmet. People, Phyalcel Features Climtate, RegtilaBioDSforAdmission to the Indliii Service, Guide to Passengers to IndIa, together with a cam. plete History of the Multiny, and Su6egrtluns for the *uture Adinlol sttatlont ot the Country anud the Settlement of liuropeaug. oOx the ves information that all re,ilree to know. r "Lu~o and _ i OedeKissdomu 'the Private Life ot ant l!s*ern };tnr witht- eIghtd Illutrtations by kairleon W eir. Price 2s. bot'de, The'dcrp of Ltieknow and other places will be readl with great Intereet-at the present time, while the etimises that this w.ek ailurds oftShe inne life of i ths natSivre princebs musEt labdd ma1terill to t ot ehaptec bringing It down to *oe Fall of Deli; with eight fil rs sadQo, amrtngiosreebs, clth gUil London, Georg Bonilecigo
LAW ABPORT. COURT OF QUEEN'S BBN(FT. Wx NT- w iVrT.Y.T A M.q V - - 7AWgJ it -Nigi AP?iV3, before Lord CAmPBELL ar.d Specia JTUriC3.) -mr. 63erielnt Pigott and Mr. lJow-ell appeared for the p'laintiff; and Mr. Whateley, .jC,and MAr. W. H. Cooke, dor the defendaxt. The plaintiff in this action, Frederick Williams, was a trAesmen in Cheltenham, and the defendant. William Boodle, was an attorney practising in the same town. The wtion 'was brought to recover damages for wali. ciously and without reasonable or probable cause, causing the plaintiff to be indicted, along with 14 others, for a riot A.nd assault At the last winter assizes held at Glocester. It appeared from the evidence that in the town of Cheltenham party politics raged very fiercely, and that plaintiff ~md defendant were on opposite sides. On the 20th of November, 1856, an election took place for Itirmprovement Commissioners.' the plaintiff being a partisan of a Mr. Marshall, one of the candidates, and the defendant a zealous impporter of a candidate of opposite politics. The defendant was actng as asessor in the middle ward, but having a. vote in the aorth ward he went down in a cab at X quarter to 4 o'clock to record his vote. His presence was the signal for shouts and disturbance, and, as he was endeavouring to force his way through the mob to the polling booth, he was bbstrueted by a fghting man named Edwards and a man named Shirer, the former of whom laid hold of him, and the latter thrmu his arm against his chest. In the scuffle his hat was knocked off, his coat torn, and his foot trodden on. Having recorded his vote, he went back to the middle ward, in the evening dined with his friends at the Queen's Hotel; rind the next day attended the scrutiny. He then took to his bed, and for several weeks suffered from a sprain in his foot. He applied to the head of the police to procure the names of the men who took part in the riot and assault, and a list was furnished him by the clerk of the police force, and which had been made out from the information of the men who were on duty. The defendant then sent for the polucemen to his house and took their statements down in writing saing that he was about to lay a case before counseL A men unumed Bowles signed a statement thati the laintiff was present at, and took part in, the riot, and, this being conirmed by the statements of other witne~ess, the defendant, acting under the advice of a local barrister, preferred an indictment at the winter aesies, which took place immediately afterwards. The policeman. owles and the defendant were the onl rwitnesses who were examined by the grand jury, who immediately found a true bill for riot and assault ganst the whole party-15 in uumber. The trial s adjourned to the spring assizes, all the defendants, except one, being liberated on baiL When the trial came on, before Mr. Justice Wiles, the policeman Bowles failed to prove that the plaintiff was there at the time of the riot, though he said he had seen him at the booth in the course of the day, and, as the evidence against most of the witnesses broke down, the learned judge decided that there was no case against the pLlantiff and nine of the others. The other four were ultimately acquitted by the Jury. It was now alleged, on the part of the plaintiff, that there was no ground whatever for making the charge as against him, for he was not near the booth at the time; and several witnesses were called to confirm the plaintiff7s evidence on this point. Bowles, the policeman stated that thougb he signed a statement which had en read over to him by the defendant that the plaintiff was there at the time of the riot he nevertheless told the defendant that he was unable to prove that fact, and that the defendant said he would get other witnesses to prove it. Evidence was also given, by declarations made by the dec fendant, to show that he did not believe the plaintiff was concerned in the rlet * and that in making the charge against him he was actuated by a malicious motive. On the part of the defendant several witnesses were caUed to show that he had acted boznd fuc, and in the belief that the plalntiff was in the riot. The statements taken down at the time, and signed by the police and other wvitnesses, were put in sad read, and these showed that the plntiff was there; hut three of these parties were not called to confirma their statements by their oaths. iJord CAIPBELL, in summinxg ulp the evidence, told the y that if the defendant was atuig bondjide, and in the ef that the plaintnffws i theriot, he( d) wonld tell them that in point of lw there was reasonab e and probable ca*use for making the charge, and that in that case they oueht to find their verdict for the defendant;* but, If they thought he was not acting bond ,fide, and that he did niot believe that the plaiintiff was there, there was no reason. able and probabecue n h jury ought to find a verdict for the plaintiff. The jury retired to consider their verdict and were locked up for several hours. Ultimately they found for the plain. tiff for 1001. 3)RAJCE (ADMINISTRATRIX) V. TIEI SOUTH-EASTERN RAIL. WAY COMPANY. Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. PeterBdorff, and Mr. Cook Evans for the defendants. The plaintiff in this action was a widow, aged 66, and she sued as administratrix of her deceased husband, Francis Drake, to recover damages from the South-Eastern Railway Company for the death of her husband, who was killed in a cohlinon which took place on the company's line on the 28th of June last. It appeared that on that day the deceased was a passenger by an excursion train from Gravesend to London, and when he arrived at the Lewisham station a collision took place, in which as many as 11 persons lost their lives, and many were seriously injured. The plaintiffs husband was among those who wvere kiled, and, as the company had admitted that the accident was occasioned by the negligence of their servants, the only question now was as to the amount of damages the plaintiff was entitled to recover. It appeared the deceased was 54 years of age, and had been for nine years In the employ of Mr. Rymer, a builder, as outdoor foreman. His average earnings were about 21. a-week, about one-half of which was expended in his own personal expenses. He was an industrious and sober man, and in good health. The plaintiff had seven children, the youngest of whom was 14 years of age, and dependent upon her, and there were also two others, aged 24 and 26, who Tesided with her and wero partly dependent upon her. The plaintiff's coun. sel suggested that the plaintiff ought to have about 800!. as damages. Mr. Serjeant Sssinc addressed the jury in mitigation of damages, and thought 3001. or 4001. would be sufficient pecuni1ary compensatlon to a person in the plaintiffs situation. Lord CAMPSBELL having summed up the evidence, the jury found for the plaintifl; damages 550!., and apportioned the amount thus:- 350t. to the widow, 100t. to the youngest child, and 50l. to each of the two other children. CORDEROY V. TrHE SOUTH EAsrERN RAILWAY COMIPANY. Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Petersdorff, and Mr. Cook Evans for the defendants. The plaintiff, Joseph Corderoy, was a young man living with his father, a dyer and scourer, in Cheyne-street, near Tottenham-court.road; and he sued the Sonth-Eastern Railway Company to recover damages for an injury to his health, wbich he alleged had been occasioned by the negligence of the company's servants. It was admitted by the defendants that they were liable, if the plaintifl' could prove that he had sustained any injury. The que-tion arose out of the same collision as that referred to in the last case, and which took place at Lewisham on the 28th of June last. The plaintiff was a passenger in a second-class carriage, and when the collison took place he was thrown forward against a gentleman, and then back again upon the floor of the carriage. He immediately got out, and was engaged all night in assisting the passengers who were injured. He got home at about 5 or 6 tn the morning, covered with dirt and blood, and with a bruise on his arm, and another on his leg. Ee, however, attended the inquest which was.'held, and on the second day gave evidence; and at the request of the company's manager, Mr. Eborall, he appeared to have taken considerable interest on the part of the company, and procured several witnesses to corroborate his own evl. dence, which was rather in exculpation of the company. In a few days, however, feeling the effects of the shock vwhich be had sustained, he consulted an apothecary, and, under his advice, he went into the country for three weeks for the benefit of his health, and on his return, though he felt better, he still experionced to some extent the effects of the shock. It appeared that the plaintiff had made a claim upon the company, and that they had written him a letter offlering him a sum of 151. "as remuneration In respect of his claim;" but it was suggested, on the part of the company, that that offer was made in respect of the plaintiff's services rendered and had no reference to the present claim. Mr. Serjeant SIFY. addressed the jury for the defendants. and contended that the plaintiff's injuries had been much exaggerated, and that It was extremely probable that the plaintiff had not sustained any injury at all from the collision. Lord CAMPBELL, in summing up, said it was quite right that companies should scrutinize claims made upon them, for in his experience he (Lord Campbell) had seen attempts made to make a profit of them. The jury would say whether this was one of those cases; but as it appeared to him (Lord Campbell) the evidence was all one way, and showed that theoplaintiff hadsustainedsome severe injury, for which. though the injury might not be permanenr, he was entitled to moderate compensation. The jury found for the plaintiff-Damages, 1001.
COURT OF COMrON PLEAS, WBrsmsTBia, Nov. 27. 1AINIOND V. SEqAT AND OTYlF.R5R. LVilings at Nisi Prius, befre the LORD CIIIEP JUSTICE and a Common Jury.) IMr. Montague Smith, Q C,, and Mr. Maude wore counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Petersdoff appeared for the defendantg. This was an action by the owner of a house against the adjoining owner to recover compensation for damages d me to the plaintiff's house and party walls in the ounrse of alterations and repairs upon the adjoining premises. The cause occupied the greater part of yesterday and the whole of to-day, and, as ivolving questions touehing the rlght of parties to commence repairs, under the circumstances detailed in the case, without z,Svig notice to the ad. joining owner, under the hMetropolitan Act, 18th and 19th of Victoria, o. 122, is a matter of some interes' to the publio. It appea,red that the plaintiff i8 the occupier of 1No. 8, Leicester-square, vwhere she has for 20 yeares carried on the business f a staymaker. The propnetors of the -premises next door, which used to he an upholsterer's shop, hut hawr Jen on~tly 9reamnente(l with a Gothic f ont and converted Into a discount bauk by the ltrEbs. Seale, asid the builder tinsployed in making the alterations for this purpose are -tbe defendant. The fronts of both the houses, which stand towards the north-east side of the square, were said to rest upon the site of the garden wall of Old Leioester-bon,e, aud in front of eaeh house the shops, consisting of ooe story only, project into the square; andit is necessary to pretuise this in order to understand the nature of the plaintiff's c,miplaint. She eaid in effeot, first, that the defendanits had broken and entered her premises, and witbout her conbent pulled down the wall between the shops and erecteod another wall; and, secondly, that they had removed sa iron railiDg from the top of the wall between the shops, ano pue up a stone wall instead of it, with a coping overhanging ber pre;,dses ; and, lastly, which was the most serious comsplaint, that they had cut away and excavated the party walls of the house, so as to interfere with her side, and had caused damage to her house by their negligence in doing the work, As to the railings, the defendant paid 51. into court. The leading features of the evidence, which was very intricate, were as follows :-It appeared that about two yeara ago the plaintiff had put her hou.e in repair. The alterations upon the adjoining premises had commenced in July or August, 1896; but the plaintiff had received no notice under the Metropolitan B'itlding Act of any repairs being Intended, and her attention was first drawn to them by hearing a knoukii g a&aamnt her party wall, and subsequently, according to the evidence addun-.d f or her, holes were made tbrough the wallbetween the shops and between the houses, the walls cracked, and the cracks, which could be heard and showed themselves, grAdually became numerous, and, among other nnatters, a mantelpiece and hearthstone spliv, and a piece of stone as big as a man's fist fell out of the stone staircase. When she attempted to come out of her drawing-room she found the door would not open on account of the subsidence which had taken place; and, in fact, that a considerable settlement had occurred. The plaintiff had paid two bills, amounting together to nearly 1001., in subsequently putting her house in repair, and attributed all the damage to the operations next door. The caee on the part of the defendants we, that although the repairs had been commenced without notice to the plaintiff, notice under the Act h d been given to the district surveyor of the repairs they proposed making when they commenced, and that the repairs then intended-namely, "to alter the shop floor of a building 1,320 feet in area, intended to be used as a banking house"-were not repairs affecting a party wall, aud not such as required notice to the adjoinig owner; and that, having commenced those repairs, the walls were found to be in such a dilapidated state that It became necessary either to pull them down or repair them. Withl respect to the wall between the shops, the defendants' case was, thatuponclearing away the skirting that wall was found to be defectively built of " brick noggin" end only 41 in. thick and, although in removing a pipe a hole had been made Into the plaintiff's premises, that she had subsequently condoned whatever had been done to this wall and waived her right to notice under the Act in consideration of the defendant3 putting up a new wall at their own expense, which they had done. As to the principal claim-the damage to the party wal of the house-the defendants' case was, that uapon removing some shelves fastened against it the wall behind, which had been concealed by these shelves, was found much balged and decayed, and in a dangerous state- that some previous tenant had cut away two chimney breasts, and had thereby much weakenedthe bulding -and that, although some of the cracks were recent, the settlement was of ancient date, and was attributable probably to the removal of the chimney breasts, And not to the works of the defendants, who had only ot away so much of the wall as was defective. There was very lttle dispute between the parties as to the actual damage, whether it resulted from the old settlement and the removal of the chimney breasts by the former tenant, or from the defendants' works and the removal of the shelves; but there was a great conflict of opinion as to the cause of the damage, and several builders, architects, and surveyors were called on each side. The LoRD CHIEF JUSTICs having summed up, The jury, who had retired for nearly an hour, found iu answer to questions submitted to them :- That the iron railing was removed by the plaintiff's conEent, explaining that by consent they intended her consent by condonation. Assuming, however, that there was no consent, they found that the 51. paid into court was sufficient. As to the party wall between the shops, they found that it had been taken down and rebuilt by the plaintiff's consent, They considered that a hole had been broken through without her consent, and that after. wards she gave her consent to the rebuilding of the wall. As to the principal wall between the houses, they found that the damage to that and to the premises did result from the works of the defendants; that part of the plaintiff's wall had been cut away by the defendants, and that the removal of the bricks and the replacement of them caused the mischief; that the bricks on the plaintiff's side of the wall had been interfered with by the defendants; and that the damage to the plaintifs wlndow-sills and frames had been caused by the works of the defendants. Lastly, they found that no mischief had arisen to the plaintiff from the defendants' negligence. The LORD C11IEF JUSTICE Etated that any question which might arIse upon the Metropolitan Building Act or upon the facts of the case was to be reserved. The jury then found their verdict for the plaintiffDainages 501.
COURT OF EXCHEQUFR, FRIDAY. Nov. 27. 'Pfl1 A IrrfTP,vnr'3r A T - - . -- (SiWings at Nizi Prius, before Mr. Baroit BRA IWELL and a Specia Jury.) The Solicitor-General, Mr. Wilde, and Mr. Bovan appeared for the Crown; Sir Fitzroy Kelly, Mr. Bovill, and Mr. Welaby were counsel for the defendant. This was an information at the suit of the AttorneyGeneral against the defendant, who is the owner of mills at Romsey, for making paper without taking out the license required by the Bxcise law. The article in question is called by the defendant, and is described in the patent which was taken out in 1853 by one Brown as a "new and Improved parchment." The material of which this article consiSts is aninal fibre, which being reduced into a pulp, is manufactured into a strong and durable sabstance, capable of being apphed to almost all the uses to which paper popularly so called is applioable, and capable also of being used for aU the purposes to which parchment is applicable. The Act imposing a duty on paper defines paper to be an article m.ade of linen or cotton rags, straw, or any other vegetable fibrous substance, so that the real question between the Crown and the defendant was whether he was a papermaker within the words of the Act, and as such bound to take out a license and pay duty on the goods so manufactured by him. At the close of the evidence for the Crown, Sir FITZROY KELLY submitted that there was no case to go to the jury against the defendant. The evidence raised A pure question of law, which It was for the Court to decide. This was an information for the purpose of imposing a new tax, and It was for the Crown to prove that the article in uestion was " paper," which he contended that this partyicolar artlcle was not within the meaning of the Act. The SOLICITORBGENERAL argued that the case did fall within the Act. Eis LORDSI11P, after a long and desultory conversation, expressed his opinion, formed as it was on a sudden, to be that this article being "In the nature of paper " was paper taxable within the Act; but he was by no means confident that the opinion he had expressed was the right one. The bettor way would be for him to direct the inry to find for the Crown, and for the Crown to consent to his reserving leave to the defendant to move to enter a verdict. As. however, the Court might think there was a question for the jury, which he thought there was not, the arrangement would so stand, as that in that event power should be reserved to the Court to order a new trial, when the precise question for the jury would be defined. A\ verdict was thereupon taken for the Crown for 1001., the amount of penalty f or making paper without a license.
EXCHEQUER CE:AMBER.-FRIDAY. (&tlingS in Error. Present-Justices COLERIDGE, CRESS WELL, ERLE, WILLIAMS, CROrIPTON, CROWN-DER, and WILLES.) The Court disposed of the two remaining cases in the paper. LINDUS MELROSE. Ihe Court took time to consider its judgment. HOLMIES V. PEESTON. The judgment was affirmed. ARCE,S COURT, Nov. 27. Sir J. DODSON Sat for a short time this morning, but no business was brought before him of a nature to justify a report.
COUIT OF BANKRUPTO1, Basingha2l-street, No-a. 27. IN tE T. IIAWI.F.V. (Before Air. CommiSSOner GOULrnRN I 'l'De bankrupt was a cheesemonger, having a shop in the Blackfriars-road and four other places. His accounts commnenced January, 1856, with a surplus of 2,3951., and close with debts 5,7001., and assets sufficient to pay a dividend of 6s. in the pound. This was an adjourned examination meeting. Mr. Mathews opposed for the assignees; Mr. Lawrance supported. It was objected that the bankrupt had failed to account for a sum of 4191. Having kept his cash and otber books with great accuracy, there was a discrepancy of 4191. for which he coulld not in any way account, and he had therefore transferred the amount to house and personal expenditure, It was broadly alleged that the bankrupt had retained the amount from his creditors, and an adjournment sine die was asked. The Comuissio.NE having reforred to the decision of the Lords Justices in Sellers's case, and intimated an opinion that, notwithstanding that decision, this might be a case in which he could not pass the bankrupt's examination. It was argued for the bankrupt that the uncertainty which attended the judgment of the Court of Bankruptcy was one of the causes of its great unpopularity. Here was a case In which a man had been in business 31 years, and had paid everycreditor infull. Hewas atlengthsued. andfindingthat he was not solvent, he caUed a meeting of his creditors and offered them 12M. 6d. in the pound, his estate only showing lOs. in the pound. Two or three creditors were not satisfied, and the bankrapt petitioned this Court. During the 18 months over which the bankrnpt's accounts extended his transactions had amounted to 71,0001. A small sum of 4191. however, was not vouched, and could not otherwlse be accounted for than bytrasferring the amount toexpenditure. The bankrupt had originally shown his expenditure to be 3131. during the 18 months for himself, wife, three daughters, four men servants, and two maid servants. It would have been next to impossible for the bankrupt to support this establishment upon 3131., and there was nothing unreasonable in transferring the 4191. to that account. If bankrupts were not to be allowed to pass on such accounts an impression must prevail that smaU men were made vicarious sacrifices to pablio morality. The moral dignity of this court would be best sustained by giving to the bankrupt the credit of having stated the trath, and not subjecting M to the expense of 801. on an appeal to the Lords Justices. As regarded the question of vouched and unvouched accounts, the Lords Justices never bad and never would lay down a rule, Eawj case must bg judged by itself. The judgments of the Lords Justices were charac. terized by every due respect to those of the learned Comn miasloners here, and thia Court did itself an injustice if it supposed otherwise There was no tribunal where fralud, satisfactorily established, was more severely dealt with than by the Lords Justices. The learned Commissioner asked "what was frau4d? It was not in this case; and it was not right that a man should be stigmatized as a thief and a felon because he could not account for 419l. out of 71,00014 That would be the stigma affixed to this bankrupt if he were sent to the Lords Justices. There was not one man in a thousand who kept an acmcunt of his personal expenditure, and even the lady's housekeeping-book wax by no means infallible. Every one knew how insensibly a sovereign vent from the moment it was changed into silver. If case must go elsewhere, let the assignees take It to that tribunal. They had funds, the bankrupt had none. It was the uncertainty attending a case here that made the Court unpopular. At the meeting of Dennistoun's creditors, held yesterday, neither creditor nor debtor had the nerve to rmention such a thing as sending the case to bankruptcy. If such a proposal had been made the pawty would ve considered himself fortunate to escape with his life. Nothing but the fortunate presence of a director of an insuranoe company who knew that there was a policy upon it at his office could have saved it. (Laughter.) The extreme pressure put upon bankrupts, and the feeling that the mind of the Court might be imbued with an adverse opinion of a case, led parties to have recourse to the most violent mea to avoid bankruptcy. His HoNOUR said the bankrupt's advocate had wandered very far from the point at issue. Debtors who had traded iprperly were the parties who had the objection to come here. Naturally enough they did not like to disclose their conduct before their creditorz and the public. The great cause, however, of any unpopularity of the Court wlth creditors was the circumstance that they did not like to prove their debts in a public court. A man who was creditor for 40,0001. or 50,0004 would rather lose the amuount than expose the fact of his loss. The advocate of the bank. rupt admitted that this was the leading objection of creditors, and he felt bound to state it, that no unfair inutation might rest as to the causes of any unpopularityo the court. He was satisfied fromr what had been advanced that this was not a case in which he ought to send the bankrupt to the Loras Justices. It was his opinionV=at the bank rupt's Intentions were honest, that the omissions In his books were not designed, and that he had not intended to keep the truth from his creditors. There were eome very favourable circumstances in the case, and ho should pass the bankrupt's examination. Passed accordingly. (Before Mr. Commisioner HoLRoYD.) IN RE THE WEILS POTOSI LEAD AND COPPEB MINNG COMPANY (LAIvTED.) The name of Mr. Clark having been plced on the list of contributories to this company, Mr. JxAMs, on his behalf, now applied for an order to be allowed to inspect the oompany's books. Mr. Clark had brought an action to recover all the money he had paid In respect of shares on the ground that he had been inproperly induced to take them, and Mr. Justice Crompton ad mtimated an opinion that he was entitled to inspect the company's books. Mr. HARRIs0N', for the official liquidator, urged that the action, although brought in Mr. Clark's name, was that of Mr. Lofthouse, a director and promoter of the company, and who was the party who had induced Mr. Clark to take the shares. He admitted that Mr. Justice Crompton had expressed the opinion referred to. The COURT made the order asked. (Before Mr. Commissioner EVANS.) IN RE F. HOFFAN. The bankrupt was a merchant, of ew N(orth-road, late of BasinghaU-.street. This wae the certificate meeting Mr. Clhidley appeared for the assignees, Mr. Philp for the bankrupt. Hlis HoNOUR suspended the certificate (second clam) six months.
IZNSOLVENT DEBTOBV COUBT, Nov. 27. IN RE llICFARD IARRT5- (Before the CumT ComUissioNR.) This Insolvent, described as a commisdon agent and ao. countant, appeared for adjudication, having been heardsome weeks since. The complaints were that his debts had been contracted without reasonable expectations of payment. Tho CmiFs CoOmmissIonE was of opinion that the cre. ditors had cause to complain, and therefore ordered the In. solvent to be discharged after the lapse of nine calender months from the date of the vesting order.
CENrTRAL CRIMIYAL COURT, Nov. 27. _ OLD COURT. tncjore MC XnECORDER.) John Johnson, 38, and James Moore, 26,were indicted for a burglary in the dwellinghouse of Thomas Miller, and stealing a large quantity of boots and shoes, his pro. Mlr. Sharpe prosecuted; Mr. Ribton and Mr. Phillips were counsel for the defence. The prosecutor is a boot and shoemaker in Charlotteplace, Goodge-street, and It appeared that on the night of the 31st of October the house was secured as usual, bat on the following morning It was discovered that the shop had been entered foroibly durlng the night, and a quantity of boots and shoes stolen. According to the evidence of a cabman named Edward Smith he was* on the rank in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's residence about 2 o'clock on the morning of the Slat of October, when the prisoner Moore, accompanied by a man named Onslow, who has not been taken into custody, hired his cab, and told him to drive to Charlotte-place, where he was directed to wait a short time, and in a few minutes they returned, accom. paaied by the prisoner Johnson, each of them carrming a large full sack. It appeared that they had no money to pay the fare, and the cabman was told to take the sacks aud their contents to his house and hold them in security, and they promised to call on the following morning and pay him and take away the roperty. Smith it appeared had his xispinion aroused by what took place, and he went the same morning and gave information to the police, and the sacks were examined and found to contain about 100 pair. of shoes and boots that had been stolen from the prose. cutor, and steps were taken to apprehend the guilty partIes, and some policemen were placed in Smith's house with that object. In the course of the morning the prisoner Johnson went to the house, and on his being taken into custody and told what he was charged with he said that others were in it besides himself, and that he had only assisted to place the sacks in the cab. Shortly after thls Moore arrved, accompanied by another man, and on the constable, who was In plain clothes, asking hinmwhat he wanted, he replied that he had come for the shoes, adding the query, "Who are you?" The constable then told him that he was a polioe olicer, and that he must take him into custody for stealing the shoes, upon which he said, " Oh! if that's your game, you --, I'm off," and knocked the constable down and eadeavoured to make his escape, and It was with reat difficulty that he was secured, and during the scuffle the second man made his escane. The jury found 'th the prisoners Guilty, and evidence was given that they had been previously convicted of felony and sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. They had also, it appeared, been several times summarily convicted for attempts to commit felony. The RECORDER sentenced the prisoners to be kept in penal servitude for six years. He at the same time said he was of opinion that the cabman Smith had behaved exceedingly well in the transaction. Richard Bell, 34, a post-office letter carrier, who had pleaded " Guilty" to a charge of stealing a letter containing money, the property of the Postmaster-General, was brought up for judgment, and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. John Grace Leveridge, 23, was charged with forging a check for 961. 10s. 2d., with intent to defraud the Commercial Bank. Mr. Rtbton prosecuted; Mr. Doyle was counsel for the defence. The n)risoner was tried on Thursday before Mr. Justce Colerid'ge upon a charge of stealing a check for 311., the property of his master, Mr. Oldham, a wine-merchant in ndon-street, Fenchurch-street, and the jury upon that occasion, after some deliberation, returned a verdict of Not Guilty. Hfe was now charged with forging a check for the amount mentioned, and the facts were incidentally alluded to in the course of the former trial. It appeared that orn the 6th of November the prisoner asked the prosecutor to give him a oheck for 31. for petty cash, and Mr. Oldham, being in a hurry, and placing, as it appeared, tbe utmost confidence in the prisoner, gave him a blank check duly signed, in order that he might fill in the amount of 31. that he required. Instead of dong so, however, it appeared that the prisoner flled in the check for the sum of 961. lOs. 2d., aud obtained that amount from the bankers, the notes were changed at the Bank of England for gold directly afterwards, and the prisoner appropriated the money to his own purposes. The prosecutor was again subjected to a severe crosar examination by the prisoner's counsel, and, as on the former occasion, he admitted that he had placed very great confidence in the prisoner, and that there had been some money transactions between them; but the prosecutor repeated most positively that the prisoner had no legal claim whatever upon him, but that, on the contrary, he owed him a considerable sum of money. Mr. DOYLE made a very able speech to the jury on behalf of the prisoner, and endeavoured to show that he did not contemplate any fraud, and that he had, at all events, acted under an impression that he was justified, by the nature of his position in the prosecutor's establishment, in acting as he did with this check, and the open manner in which the act had been dune and the certainty of detection he urged as being strong confirmatory circumstances of this view of the case.~~~~~~~~~rgda The RECORDER having summed up, The jury, after a short deliberation, found the prisoner auilty, but recommended him strongly to mercy, and at the same time observed that giving blank checks was a very dangerous practice. Mr. RIBTON informed :the Court that the prosecutor, since these transactions, had discovered that the prisoner had defrauded him to the amount of several hundred pounds. The REcoRDER said, he would confer with Mr. Baron Watson, who tried the other case, before he passed sentence. NEW COURT. (Before the CoxmsoNSEnsEA2Tr.) William Atkins7 23, labourer, and Margaret Watts, 50, were indicted-Atkins for stealing a quantity of plate, valued at 2501., the property of Elizabeth Buck, and also upon another indictment for stealing property of 201. value belonging to Maria Rich; and Watts was indicted for felonioasly receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen. The male prisoner pleaded " Guilty." Mr. Langford prosecuted. It appeared from the. evidence given against the female prisoner that MIrs. Buck is a dressmaker, residing in Polandstreet, and Mrs. Rich in King-street, Golden-square; and that in both instances the partments occupied by them had been broken open and the property taken during their absence. From information given to the police they took the male prisoner into custody, and spon searching an apartment ooonpied by him and the woman, inQaeen-street, Lmbeth, tracad* portion oE the property, and also found above 100 duplicates, aome of them re7lating to the property Etolen, and which had been pawfned by Wtts. The jury returned a verdict of Guity, and the prisoners were sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for six years THRD COURT. (BeforC Afr. PRMNDERGAST, Q. C.) Mary Chalk, 20, splister, a good-looking youn Irish woman, was indicted for cutting and wounding Katrick King with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Mr. Giffrd prosecuted, and Mr Ribton defended. The prosecutor, whose head dvt enveloped in bandages and adhesive Plaister, stated that, having known the prisoner for some time, she about five weeks ago came to live with him as his wife, although he had not pressed her to do so. About three weeks after that she left him and went to the house of her mother in Stevens-street, Marylebone. Upon the evening of that day, as he was coming from the house of his brother in the same street, she came up to him and begged he would let her come home again with him, but he refused She followed him for about 100 yards into Great James-street, when, finding that ho would not accede to her request, she drew from her pocket a small tableknife, and, saying that she would have his life, stabbed him several times about the head, and would in aU probability have killed him had not some of his friends secured her. The witness, in cross.examination, moat positively denied that he had seduced her under a promise of marriage. She had been in service up to the time of coming to live with him, and while she was with him her mother and herself wished him to have the banns put up, but he said he would not, and if they had done so it wa without his conment. The other evidence was that of the police, who deposed to coming up at the time and flndind the prosecutor bleeding eery prisonely. Thet took the knie from the pr{souer. It was covered with blood, and had been so forcibly used that the blade was very much bent and broken off near the handle. Upon her way to the station she laughed, and said ebehad done it, and wouldhavehislife. The statement which she made before the magistratewas then put in, and it stated that the prosecutor had taken her from8ervioeunderapromise tomarryher, andhad put up the banns, and that after livin with her three weeks he turned her out, and told her that he had another young woman, and she might go. She went the next day to him to ask him to let her come back, but he refused to have anything to do with her, and strmok her. M1r. RMTroi, in a most eloquent appeal to the jury, said that the charge, it anything, was only one of unlawful wounding. The cse was one of peculir cruelty. The poor girl had been shamefully treated-seduced under a solemn promise of marriage. She had been, after a short space of three weeks, castoff with insult and bratality. He should show that the prosecutor had perjured himself when denying that the banns had been put up. The girl's mother had done so with prosecutor'sconsent The girl had upto this time borne a most respectable character. The learned counsel then oaUed the mother, a respectable-looking woman, who was about to give her evidence relative to the pablication of the banns, but The ComssroMx objected to receiving it, as being irrelevant to the charge. The jury returned a verdict of unlawful wounding under circumstances of grt aggravation She wa sentenoed to four months' imprisonment.
MIDDLESEX JESSIOK, Friday, Nov. 27. (Beforer. Bruss, Q..C.) Edward Loveman, aged 53, and William Webb, aged 40 were indicted for having stolen two 51. notes, the property of Mary Paulina Hurry. Mr. Meteulfe was counsel for the prosecntion; Mr. P. H. Lewis for the prisoners, The name of Mary Paulina Hurry was placed in the first count of the indictment, nominally, as the prosecutrix, bnt the real promoter of the prosecution were the trustees of an institution called the London Dlocesan Penitentiary, of whom Sir W. .P.Wood, the Vlco-Chancellor, was one. The Penitentiary was at Park Honse, Highgate, and Miss Hurry was the superintendent. It appeared that on the 25th of September Mr. Logsden, clerk to the institution, reoeived some money in notes from Twining's, and in the course of the society's business two of them came into the possession of Miss Hurry, who placed them in a purse attached to a bag, which she carrled on her arm. One day she was in a conservatory adjoining Park-house, exaning some flowers. when she laid the bag on a stand, forgetting to take it up. Shortly afer she had left the conservatory she missed the bag, and on going to where she left it she found it was gone. No one could have had access to the placebut the prisoner Webb, whowastheundergardener, The notes were subsequently found in the Bank of England, and were traced from hand to hand to the prlsoner7Love. man, a jobbing shoemaker at Hlghgate, who was proved to havepassed them In the presence of Webb. A great nimber of witnesses were examined to complete this chain of evidence. The notes were produoed bylr.BaUey, of the Bank of England. In the course of the case some remarks were made noon the notes having been cancelled or cut at the Bank, so that the names of the persons endorsed at the back as having paid or received them were taken out. Mr. Ballysaid if this were a fault it was that of the public, and not of the Bank There was a reason for cancelling the denomination or figures of amount, so that if sons wrote their names at the back of the figures they were necessarily cut out. The names should always be written on the upper part of the back or front of the note, and if that rule ws observed the names would never be interfered with in the cancelling. Mr. LxwIs rested the defence upon a statement mdve by Loveman when he was taken into custody, to the effect that he found the notes in Datton's-lane, and after keeping them some days, and being unable to find an owner, he changed them, nuot at places where he was unknown, but with persons who were well acquainted with him. As to Webb, he denied ever having had the notes in his possesson. Mr. BLrSS summed up, and The jury found both prisoners Guitfy-Loveman of receiving. Mr. BLIss said there was this circumstance in Webb's favour, that by an unfortunate accident the notes were thrown in his way, and he gave way to temptation ; and, with respect to Loveman, there was nothing to show that he bad ever been engaed inanything of the kind before, anda he had been knowvn for more than 20 years. He should therefore pass upon each of them the comparatively light sentence of six monthe' hard labour. James Hemmingway, 30; Samunel Robinson, 21; and George Bannister, 23. were indicted for unlawfuUy assaulting and beating Charles Taylor, a police.constable, in the execution of his duty. Mr. Metcalfe was instructed to prosecute by the Solicitor to the Treasury; Mr. Sleigh and Mr. Lawrence were for the defendants. The prosecutor, 349 S division, was on duty near King'scross on the night of the 19th, and at a late hour the prisoners and a number of other persons left a publichouse and created some noise. The prisoners went on to the end of Yorkroad, where they had a quarrel about one having paid less for beer than the others, and on the constable interposing to induce] them to go home quietly they assaulted him. Bannister struck him to the ground, and the others kicked him most severely about the head while he was down. He was picked up in a state of insensibility and was removed to a surgeon's. He bled profusely from a wound over the eye, and had not been able to resnme his duty. The jury foun;d the prisoners Guity of a common assault, Mr. BLss sentenced each of them to a month's hard labour. (Before Mr. CREASY.) John Cole, 23, shoemaker, was indicted for unlawfully and maliciously inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Charles Venn, a police-constable. On the night of the 12th inst. the prisoner was at the Red Lion publichouse, Hare-street, Bethnal-green, and the landlord, seeing him go upstairs towards the bedrooms, went after him and asked him to go down. The prisoner sald if he interfered with him he would cut his head open with a stick which he was flourishing, but by a little coaxing the landlord got him down, and then desired him to leave the house. He then threatened to gouge out his eye, and on a person standing by endeavouring to get him out he pulled out a knilfe and was within two inches of planging it into his stomach. After some time he was given into the custody of a policeman, the prosecutor of this indictment, but on the way to the station he was rescued. The prosecutor chasedhim untilhe was captured by 428 A, and on the prosecutor taking hold of him he struck at him with a shoemaker's knife, and cut his hand severely, disabling him from duty. The prisoner made a desperate resistance, bnt wras ultimately got to the lock-up. The jury found the prisoner 6uilty, and llr. CREASY, after Indignantly deprecating the use of the knife, sentenced him to18 ots adlbu utelos of Correction, months' hard labour i the House Eugene Riordan, convicted on Thursday of stealing some gold, was brought up and sentenced to four months' hard Willam Frost, convictedl of stealing the sum of 561. lIn theaweliinghomse of Edward Cox, his uncle, was brought up and sentenced to 12 months' hard labour. John R3ush! 17, was tried and found G7uilty of stealing a watch from the person of George Spaldir,g.in Petticoat-lane. Seven or eight summary convictions were proved against hi, and the COURT passed a sen,tence of 12 months' hard Wiliam Smith, 33, was indicted for stealing a watch, the property of George Ware. The prisoner lodged in the prosecutor's house, 21, Albertstreet, Bromnley, and stole a watch from the kitchen mantel shelf, and decamped. He was subsequently given into custody by the prosecutor's son. Thejur fond im uily, nd r.CREASY sentenced him to eight months'thnarGd8 labour. CE&ysetlle Wllliam Johnson and Ann Lyons were indicted for stealing the sum of 41. lOs., the moneys of Alexander Lyons. The prosecutor was a clothier in Old-street, St. Luke's. On the evening of the 10th inst. the prisoners went into his shop, and Johnson asked for an Oxonian coat. The prosecutor had been serving another customer, and had to go to his desk for cbange. While he was seeing the customer out he heard the flap of the desk shut, and on looking into it be missed some gold. He immediately called his man, and charged the prisoner with the theft; and, after some parleyIng, the woman gave up 41. INs. The man said to her " It's a plty you can not leave off those tricks when you are with me." But directly afterwards he said she was aun entire stranger to him. They were found Guilty, and sentenced to six months' hard labour. Honors Neal was indiqted for stealing four chairs, the property of the Rev. P. I4ton. lhr. Sleigh prosecuted; Mr. Brooke appeared for the prisoner. The prosecutor, a Catholic minister, resided In Duncanterrace, and the prisoner had been in his service. She left, and some time afterwards some chairs were nissed. Chairs resembling them wore found at her lodgings, and she was given Into custody. It was contended that the chairs were the prisoner's own pToperty, and she was AcquittU
.POLroE. MNSIO-OSE-Aug fin Hemmins wag brought be. fore the LORD MAYOR for final examination, charged with having stolen four balls of opium, several books, and some mops and brooms from the East India-house. liz.Maue, nstrcte byMesrsLawford and Water. hous, slictor totheEastInda Cmpay. pperedfor teprosecution; and tho7pri*soner a defned by Mfr. Wentoer.~~~~~~~~~~~3r It WMil be recolected that the prisoner, who has beon in the service of the East India CompianY as meesenger for the last nine years, offered a ball of opium for slo at a wholosale house in the city, and as he did not give a satisfactory account of the means by Which he became Poessed of it, he was taken into custody. His lodgings were then arched, and there three other balls of opiutm, some books of trifling value, and some mops and brooms were found. The books and mops and brooms were stated to be the property of the Company, and the prisoner was remanded in order that a witness might be caUed to identify the baUs of opilum. Yesterday Mr. Forbes Royle was called, and said,-I am a doctor of medicine, and am in the employment of the East Jndia Company, who refer raw and other products from India to me for my opinion respecting them. I have for many years made opSum my study. Opium for the English market Is brought almont entirely from Turkey. The ball produced by the officer Basett is a specimen of Bengkl opium. As far as I know, Bengal opium is not imported into this country for general purposes of trade, but is made up for the China market. I have sen balls of opium similar to the one produced at the India-house. Cross-examined by Mr. Wontuer.-I have never missed any balls of opium. I have all that were ever sent to me. Mr. Maule asked for a committal. Mr. Wontner submitted that there was no proof that the opium had ever been in the poneion of the Eoast India Company. The LoRD XLoR said he considered it a case for a 'ury5 but would accept bail for the prisoher's appearance-two sureties in 401. each and the prisoner himself in 801. The required baUl vws forthwith put in and the prisoner released from custody. GUIl ATAT.-Francis Foley, a glass-blower, of diminu. tive stature and repulsve appearance, was charged with the following brutal out-rage upon his wife Caroline Foley sald she had been married'to the prisoner about mine years, and had four children now alive. The prisoner was constantly irt the habit of getting drank and assaulting her. She had to work hard for a living for herself and children, as the prisoner gave her ho money, aid his violence was so intolerable that she had several timies bieen induced to sepaLrate from him. On the present ocdasion the prisoner had returned to her after a month's Imprisonment be had undergone for beating her in a most unmerciful manner, and although he had been back about three weeks, the whole of that time was spent by him in one continual round of drunkenuess, which reached its clumax on the 21st inst., when, during a violent attack upon her, he struck her from 20 to 30 blows upon different parts of her head, fawe, and body, inflicting a serious wound upon her nose and leaving her with two fnghtful black eyes and her boly a mass of bruiseg. Ie also knocked her down upon the landing outside her room, and while on the ground he seized her by the hair, and, as the complainant described it, "hammered her head repeatedly upon the stairs." Wre P. Geel. N said, in the whole of his experience he never had a case before him in whieh the brutality approached so near to murder as the present one. He committed the prisoner, to the House of Correction for the full term of six months, with hard labour, and further re- uired him to enter into his own recognizances in 201. to Eeep the peace towards his wife and all Her Majesty's sab. jects for 12 months. BOW-STREXT.-A charge of cnelty to a horse was preferred by Love, the chief constab.le of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, against James Eyden, a beershopkeeper at Top Locks, Norwood. On Saturday last a carter named George Howe Was brought to this court by Seaan and Rutherford, two of the society's officers, for driving the horse in question in an unfit condition. The man referred to his master, the present defendant, 'who, in addition to his business as a retailer of beer, acts as a " haggle carter," keeping a horse and cart to carry goods for his neighbours as they may require his services. Howe stated that the horse ha ben bad about a fortnight, and also that he had reinonstrated with his master, wlh, however, insisted upon his taking the horse out. He was obliged to submit, but protested againstit, andt gave notice to leave his situation, as he was eterroned he would not drive the horse again. He was taken in Covent-garden market, after diseharging a load of green.stuff, which he had brought from Norwood. Upon this statement Mr. Jardine issued a summons against the master, and bound the man over to appear as a witness. The desription of the wretched animal given by the officers was most distressing. It had a " quilter" on one foot and a sore on the other, and on its baok two wounds of five or six inches in length, cut to the bone, one as large as a man's palm, and two as large as half-crowns. The saddle was pressing into the larger wounds; altogether the animal was wholly unfit for use. Mr. JARDIE expressed great indignation at the barbarous manner in which the animal had been treated, and suggested that it ought to be killed. Defendant murmured something about the loss it would put him to. Mr. JARDor:Z said the defendant did not seem to view the case in a proper light, or to be conscious of the gravity of the offence he had committed. Unless the horse was immediately Idlled he would inflict a severe penalty, but if that were done without delay he should merely order him to pay the costs of the summons and the expenses of the groan-yard. Defendant expressed his willingness to obey the ma'is. trate's injunction, to afford time for which the case vaa adjourned for a few days. Mr. JARDINE has reoeived 5s. in postage stamps (for the poor-box) from " J.P.," who requested an acknowledgment in ffli T'imes. MARLBOROVGH-STRET.-ArmandPRenault, aFrenchman, was charged with having capitally assaulted Charlotte Prendergast. The prisoner, who pretended that he did not understand English, and knew nothing of the charge, was remanded for a week. For the poor-box 21. has been received from "T. W.P.," and 11. for J. A. Evans, from " Truth." WORSHIP.STRxEE.-James Lane, a well-dressed man of 34, was charged with defrauding his employers, Messrs. Ind, Coope, and Co., the well-known brewers of Burton. upon-Trent, Romford, and Whitechapel. The prisoner was for some time traveller and collector to the prosecutors, who paid him a salary of 31. per week, together with a commission of 72 per cent. on moneyg or orders received by him. The prisoner, who was stated to have a wife and four children, and was greatly depressed, merely said, "I will not offer any defence at present," and, the depositions having been taken by Mr. Hurlstone, the chief clerk, he was fully committed for trial. CLERKEXwm.n.-.W-fli&m. Davis Macaulay, a lawyer's clerk, residing at 19, Torrington-square, appeared before Mr. TYR'VrITT in answer to a summons taken out against him by Mr. John Dunham, the proprietor of the Dr. Johnson Hotel, Bolt-court, Pleet-street, for that he, " being the bailee of a certain biU of exchange for the sum of 501., the property of the said John Dunham, did fraudulentlv take and convert the prooeeds of such biUl of exchange to his own use contrary to the statute," &c. The proceedings, which excited a great deal of interest, were taken under the 20th and 21st of Victoria, cap. 54, `An Act to make Better Provision for the Punishment of Frauds committed by Trustees, Bankers, and other Persons intrusted with Property," the 4th section of which provides " that if any person, being a baUee of any property, shaU fraudulently take or convert the same to his own use, or the use of any person other than the owner thereof, although he shall not break bulk or otherwise determine the bailment, he shaU be guUty of larceny." Mr. Levy attended for the prosecution; Mr. Pearce, the barrister, for the defence. Mr. John Dunham said, he kept the Dr. Johnson Hotel, Fleet-street, he knew the defendant, and on the 2d of November he gave him two bhls for 501. at two and three months. One was accepted by him, and the other Was endorsed by him. After he gave the defendant the bills he never heard anything of them, tr had any communication from him until the 13th. He had previously received a communication from Mr. Moore and Mr. Preston. In consequence of that communication he wrote to the defendant. He went to the prisoner's house on the following morning, baving had no ansver to his note. He called at the defendant's house, when he was informed that he was not at home, but after waiting about for two hours the defendant came out, when he (the complainant) asked him for his money. He said he ohadnot got the money, and when asked for the bills or themoney the defendan3tsaidbhehad neither. He did not assign any reason for not giving him the bis. He hand seen one of the bills in the possssion of Mr. Hands. Mr. Hands was the master of the defendant, and was a solicitor, residing at Great Jamef-street, Bedford-row. Cross-examined by Mr. Pearce.-I have known the defendant about two years, and during that time I have given him four hiUs. I was a bankrupt in June, 156, as a bootmaker, and I am now an hotelkeeper. My certificate was suspended for six months. I applied to the defendant to get my bills discounted because of the difficulty I experienced in getting my bills discounted myself. I did have interviews with the defendant about his joining me in the speculation about the Dr. Johnson Hotel. In September last I gave him two acceptances for 501. each. About that time 1 was negotiating for the purchase of the hotel. I did not give him the bills for the purpose of paying the deposit. On the day I paid the deposit I did not receive a shilling from the defendant. Both of the September hills I sun- sed were destroyed, as I saw the defendant *ear them in alf and throw them in the fireplace. I sold my business as a bootmaker, and the purchase money was paid me partly in bills of 401. each, payable at different days. I have break. fasted with the defendant, and on one occasion when so doing I took a parcel of bis from my pocket, and asked him to discount two of them. I didrnot ask for nor did I receive money from him. He told me he could not get the bills done, but he did not refer to one of my bills of September. The defendant has not paid me 301., or a farthing on account of my bills of September. The defendat did not tell me that one oEf these bills for 50. was about to come due,and in my concert-room asked me what I was going to do to meet it. I never sent him a bill for 151. I have fut an attachment on his account at the Bank of London. have taken no oivil proceedings against the defendant for the recovery of the money. 1 made an affidavit in the Lord Mayor's Court on the 19th and took oat the summons in that court on the 21st. Re-examined.-I have never received one shillin from the defendant on account of any bills whatever. have never borrowed any money of him. The bills of September I never knew to be in circulation. I never knew that they were in existence until I saw them in the office where the defendant is employed. I believed them to have been destroyed when I saw them in the fireplace at the defendaut's residence in Torrington-square. The defendant had always told me that he eonld not get the bis discounted. The letter produced, and which is In the prisoner's handw.iting, also states that he could not get them discoanted. In conse- quence of what I heard I went to the defendant's effiaee when I saw a bi llwhich was torn, and which was one of th; bills I thought had been destroyed I bhae seen one of the bil torn in Mr. Hand's possession at his ofiice in Gzeat Jamrs-street The defendant was in the adjoinlug room at the time. Mr. Hand said that the defendant was a 3condrel, and he would go and shake "the bills out of hlm." I went to Hand's offioo and broughtout the bills, one of them being the September biU nd the otherone of tbh Novmber bill I expressed a great deal of astonishment when I saw the half bils I went into the hotel on the 6th. Charles Preston said, he was A clerk in the employ of Mr. Moore, of Gracechurch-street. The defendant appleid to him to discount a 501 bill of the complainant's, dated. the 2d of Noveber, for two montbs. It was accepted by some one else. Mr. Mloore subsequently d!--ounted that4 M1'oC exchange, and the defendant was paid 441. 10Os for it. He was pid by eight OTb Bank of Englaud notes, and the rest in gold. The note" were obtained from Curtisx bank in Lombard.street. The money was paid on the 5th of November. He aid he wanted the discount for Mr. Dunbm. The defendant did not endorse the bill Cross-examined,-I remember in September that the de. fendant applivdto me about two other bilts of Mr.Dunh`m's. Mr. Step en Moore said, he discounted a bill of exchange of Mr. Dunham'n for 501., and the bill proda6ed dated the 2d of November was the one. He called upoutthe oomlts. on the smbject of the bin and ho had got no other e for his money but the hill Cross-examined._I was applied to about other bills of the. complainant's and upon making inquiries I refused to discount the bills. I refuned to discont the bis in Se terber, but I discounted the November bills because Imad further inquiries. My reason for refusing to disooun; the blls on the first occasion wv because Mr. Dnham was an uncertificated bankrdpt. A clerk from the Bank of London, Charing-crows, proved that the defendant commenoed an account at the bank onL the 6th of November, and paid in the sum of 501, part of which conslsted of eight 61.-notes, which had been paid ho hit on accbtmt of the bill of exchange of Mr. Dunban'* ' IMr. Pearce addressed his worship for the defence, and contended that as an attachment- had been issued from the Lord Mayor's Court the complainant could not have two remedies. The complAinant had, made the matter a debt and had Issued an attachment which prevented his cllenZ from dra6winghis money out. Mr. LAvy presed for a conmnittal dr. TYnwnn said he did not think a jury would conuct the defendant for felony. There could be nodoubt thaj the defendant had behaved in a very shalbby, fencing thanner. Itwsverydishonest and fraudulentenoughnot to baved the woley when he was sked for it. He g dda min the summons, and as grand juries had not been abolished the oomplainant could go and prefer a bill before them. The parties then left the courL Tn.uszs.-Mr. YARDixy has received a donation of It. ls. from " G.M. H.," and Is. from a "W isher of good," for the poor-box fund. SOUTHwA3w.-Mr. James Bingham, an attorney of the Rennlngton-road, and Mr. William Watson, of the Newington Arms Tavern, Kiag-street, Walworth, were snmmoned before Mr. CoBn, for " that they did falsely, wilfully, wickedly, and maliciously commit wilful and corrbib perjury in the testimony given by them on oath upon the tril of Thomas Stow7ell or fraud, at the adjourned session for the county of Snrrey, on the 17th of November, 1856." Mr. Solomon attended on behaf of Mr. Watson, ;an Mr. Bingham attended persoially to answer the charge. It may be reeolleeted that rather more than 12 months a.go Stowell was tried at the Surry Sessions for unlawfiuly obtaining a certain suma of money from Mrs. Hardlet Penny, the then landlady at the Newington. Arms pubbchouse, under the pretence ot obtlinng got ber at the October Sessions for the county of Surrey in 1856, a music license, which he failed to do, and after a lengthy tril before Mr. Puckle on the 17th of November 1856, at Newington, he wms convicted and sentenced to L4 months' lmprisonment in Wandaworth House of Correcton, which expired on Monday week. As soon as he wa. liberated Stowell attended before Mfr. Cowmi, and, having stated that he had been unjustly convicted, obt ined summonsges against the defendants for perjury, Stoweil allegng tht he dd setrve the notices by and with the consent of the defendant Bingham, whose clerk he was aflthat. time. Mr. COEz said that under those circumstances he should adjoun the case until Satarday, the 5th of next montb, and in the meantime he should write to Mr. Puckl7. to forward a cop of his notes, or the orlginas. u Both Mr. Solomon and Mr. Bingham coincided with his worship, and would be quite satisfied with the production of notes without the attendance of Mr. Puckle. The fhrther hearing of the case then stood adjourned until Saturday, the 5th of December, when Stowell said he had to make charges ainst four other persons for conspiracy. Had he better make his charges now? Mr. COm=un told him he Wad better let the present sum, monses be investigated before he made any fres charges, StowelL-Then rll do as your worship wishes.
MfILITARY A ND NA VAL INTELLIGB N Intelligence has been received at the invalid depot, Chat. ham, that upwards of 1,000 sick and wounded British troops are now on their passage home from India, and may shortly be expected to arrive at that establishment, where every arrangement has been made for their reception. The invalid troops employed in the Persian and China expeditions are also daily expected at St. Mary's Barracks, Chatham. The Leopold screw steamship, Captain Lcning, arrived at Spithead fromn Woolwich yesterday, and embarked the V Field Battery of Royal Artillery, which marched down from Hllsea Barracks to Portsmouth Dockyard, headed by their own brass band ; also a detachment of the 98th Regiment, from Shorneliffe. She was to proceed to Cork yesterday evening or this morning to fil1 up her complemenrt from the 94th Regiment. Detachments from the depots of the 30th and 50th Regiments, at Parkhurst, proceeded to relieve detachments of tho 96th, at Portland, yesterday, when the 96th rejoined the depot at Parkhurst, on the way to Aldershott, to join the service companies. The depot of the 31st Regiment, at Winchester, is held in readiness to proceed to Pembroke. The 5oth depot, first division, embarked yesterday from Parkhuxst, on board the steamer South Western for Jersey. The Juno, 26, Captain Freemantle, went into Portsraouth Harbour on Thursday evening to dismantle end be paid off. The funeral of the Rev. Sandford Connor, late assistant chaplain to the Royal Artillery at Woolwich, who died from an attack of cerebral apoplexy on Sunday last, took place yesterday in that garrison. Notwithstanding its importance as a mUiitary station, the event of an officer`s funeral has not occurred there for some years, consequently every avenue leading to the Artillery-barracks, as well as the entire line of road extending thence to St. Luke's Church, Charlton (the place of interment), was thronged with spectators. The solemn cortege was composed of one captain, one subaltern, and 100 rank and file from every corps in garrison, which, together with volunteers, consisted cf about 800 men. The officers of the garrison having been invited generally to attend assembled in a considerable body, numbering about 100, together with the entire official staff. General Williams was unable to be present in consequence of an attack of influenza, which has confined him to his quarters. Precisely at 2 o'clock the coffin, borne on the shoulders of six gunners of the Royal Artillery, was placed on a 9-pounder gun with six black horses attached. A line of Artillery stationed on either side presented arms, and reversed muskets, when a long and gradual roll of the muffled drums rung through the length of the parade. The mournful procession then commenced its march, and the coffin having been carried into the church the funeral service was performed by the Rev. Air. Delamere. Some samples of rope received at Woolwich from various Zoreign manufactories were yesterday tested, with a view of securing an effectual means of firing rockets and conveying assistance to ships in distress. A piece of 1-inch Italian rope bore a strain of 156cwt. ; a piece of li inches broke at 14.l owt.; another sample from the same manufactory of j inch gave way at 9 cwt. * ditto, 1 inch, 10* owt. A i-inch Italian sample was then tested, and bore 10J cwt. A Neapolitan eample of J inch yielded at 10l cwt.; a 1-inch Italian at 121 cwt.; a 1-inch New Zea. land at 7jt cwt. ; and a i-inch at 5D CWt. Sixty gunners, forming No. 4 Company, 2d Battalion Royal Artillery, under command of Major Champion. left Plymouth on Tuesday for Woolwicb, whele they wlll be strengthened to 150, when it is expected they will go with four other companies for service in China. Vice-Admiral E. Colier is to bavo the retired service pension, rendered vacant by the death of Vice-Admiral W. Owen. Arrangements are in progress for sending out a large number of orderlies, wardmasters, and stowards of the medical staff corps at Chatham to India, where they will be employed in attending on the sick and wounded troops, and In the general hospital duties performed by the orderlies of that corps. A number of orderlies are also to be stationed at Alexandria to assist the ofrdcers and troops proceeding to and from India by the overland route. Captain the Hon. G. F. Hastings is appointed to the Blenheim, vice the Hon. Captain Pelham. Captain F. Scott is appointed to the Meander, vice Hastings. The following appointments have been made at the Admiralty :- Lieutenant Edward F. Douglas, to the Renown * Lieutenant Stephen B. H. Franklin, to the Curagoa; Lieutenant W. H. Blake, to the Cambrian; Lieutenant Arch. Ibald H. Gilmore, to-the Renown; Valentine G. Roberts, master, to the Renown; Edward Mlaunder, master, to the CuraUoa; Charles W. Roache, clerk, to the Magicieune; Hay H. M'D. Grant, clerk, to the Victory ; and Bertram Mlitford, clerk, to the Cambrian. MILITIA. The South Devon Regiment of IHiltia, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Sir John Yarde Buller, embarked on Thursday at Plymouth, on board the steam transport Aheona, for passage to Watorford, where they are to 'e quartered for the present.
Thc COURT of DIRECTORS of the EAST INDIA COMPANY and the TRANSPO1BT of TROOPS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the leading article of Tlte Times of this morning it is asserted, with reference to tho subject of the transport of troops to India. that "the East India Directors have been the partisans of that method of marine locomotion, which best accords with their antique traditions; " that " it was only when the dan,ger became extreme that the directors were prevailed upon to take up the best vessels and to send out the men with the utmost despatch ;" and further, that, " in defiance of remonstrance, troops were sent in ships which have lost seven weeks on the voyage." I venture to state that these allegations are without any foundation, and you will, no doubt, be glad, in justice to the body against which the charges are made, to admit a contradiction into your columns. With regard to the ships Areta and Btucephalus, which are stated to have been employed " in defiance of remonstrance," it will be found that these ships were engaged before serious news reached this country, I and that they conveyed troops which had boen provided for ordinary ser. vice, and notin consequence of requisitionsfrom the Govern. ment of India, after the mutiny had broken out. They would, in fact, have gone if India had remained in the most perfect tranquillity. Y ou have also been misinformed as to any remonstrance having been made against the employment of the ships in question, as they were, on the contrary, engaged with the expressed concurrence of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, by whom all such arrangements are approved before being carried out. Ever since the news of the mutiny reached these shores, the great desire of the Directors has been to transport the troops for which they had made requisitions to Her MIajesty's Government by the readiest and most speedy *mode; and they obtained some of the largest and quickest steamersf for the purpose, as well as fast sailing clippers, which, by reference to Sir Charles Wood's speech in the House of Commons on the 17th of July, it appears the Government considered superior, in many respects, to the former. Instead of being "prevailed upon" to adopt these measures, and instead of " remonstrances" being used against the engagement of slow sailing vessels, the Directors at once determined, upon the receipt of serious inteligence at the end of June, to engage the fastest vessls, and those which could be got ready with the least delay, without reference to price. It is woll known that, in several cases, -hips of superior size and malce were selected in preference to others which were offered at a lower rate, Such, I aver, was the real state of the case. The production of papers can alone prove it satisfactorily; but, in the mneantime, erroneous impresaons may be produced and prejudices engendered. In the event, therefore, of your considering that I have the means of judging, I trust that you will allow this contradiction to the grave accusations against the East India Directors to go forth. I am, Sir, your obedient aarvan- VERAX- -.t o- , -LNov. Li. mLe Areta Sailed on the 18th of June and the Bucephalus sailed on the 1-st of July, the intelligence of the Meerut revolt having been published in these columns on the 9th of JUne. This was in th, estimation of everybody but the :Directors " serious niews ;") buLt they stil despatched the only reinforcements then ready ia ve.&eics which have made voyages of 12(6 aneA 114 days respectrively. t The news of thle Ca,ptxtre of 3 )elhi was published by us on the 27th of June, but in the whole of July, out of 32 ships, only two steamships were despatchedl.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TjIES. Sir,-The Alnwiok Castle, sailing sbiip, belong-ing to MIr. R. Green, having arrived at XadIras before the 4th of November, with 422 officers and wen of iger Majesty's 19th Regiment, fromn Portsmouth, we sa1.ll feel obliged by you.r correcting the assertion made in 3your leading article oe'this day, viz.,-that at the latest dates no sailing vessel had reached Madras.: _-~ We remain, Sir, yonr obedient servarnts F. GRERN .;'T ra I ', WX111kU, IN OV. Zg. * oe saueed on July 23, and would, therefore, on the 4th'of November have been oat 10.1 days-certainly nothing to brag of. __________ STATE oF DERBY.-We regret to say that very excaggerated reports of the state of affairs in Derby have found their way into several Manchester and one or two London papers. Undoubtedly trade there, as elsewhere, is in rather a depressed state, and a number of workpeople are out of employment, whom the benevolent are about to supply with soup for the time being ; but the utmost order prevatls, and there is not the slightest warrant for the somewhat alarming statement that has been cCiitC Sated.-Der6y fteporter of Nov. 27.
IRELAND. (nom OUR OWN mpTtvpAv- I DUBIX, FRTDAy EORll6 TE IRISH f RODUCU-ABTS. There is just now a small panic among the farmers and breeders of stock, the result of the marked decline in the prices of nearly all kinds of produce since the commencement of the monetary difficulty in England. Pork, one of our largest articles of export, has been most sensibly affected by the disordered state of the money-market. The Ba-bn of tfZsker says,- "Considerable sensation, and no little disappointment, have been created among both farmers and dealers by the recent sudden, unexpected, and serious falling off in the value of pork. It had been anticipated by these parties in every quarter that, as the Government contract for the supply of the navy had been taken at a higher figure than that of last year, the price of the uncured article, enormous and unprecedented as it was at the commencement of the present season, would have gone considerably above the 31per ewt., instead of declining in some cases to the extent of one-fourth. The consequences have been not only a decrease in the supply of pork to our marker, but a greatly diminished demand for young pigs for fattening, and heavy losses to dealers who had contracted for supplies for delivery within a limited period." The same journal contains the subjoined curious statement with respect to an Irish combination in Nevw York against the purchase of Belfast linen:- "A letter purporting to emanate from reliable authority in New York lately appeared im the columne of a local contemporary, to the effect that some 50 clubs (Irish, of course) in that city had pledged themselves to abandon the wearing of Belfest-made linens, as a measure of rxeliation for the outrages alleged to have been perpetrated here upon Roman Catholics by Orangemen in July and September last. We gave no attention to the statemernt at the time, having, with good reason, a distrust of information of that nature and tone, conveyed through the channel referred to. We find, however, that there may have been just a grain of truth in the letter aforesaid; but the contemptible and wholly innocuous character of the movement in New York for the repudiation of Belfast manufactures may be discovered from what follows. Wealsohaveseen a New York letter, from reallyrespectable authority, which we regard as placing the matter in its true light. The writer states that there are a number of Irish political and military clubs in New York, principally composed of Southern ' natives,' bitterly and boastfully disafiected towards England, but including alsol a few Northerns,-"48 boys,' and others,-who have 'left their country for their country's good.' These associations have such high-sounding titles as 'The Avengers,' ' The Red Branch Knights,' ' The Robert Emmet Club,' and so forth. The members are, generally speaking, a low, ignorant, and quarrelsome set-at once the sweepings and the ' rowdies ' of the Fifth Ward, the St. Giles's of New York. Some of these worthies did propose at their club meetings to evince their sympathy with their downtrodden fellow-Catholics here by denying themselves shirts of Belfast linenr; but the letter writer cannot learn that any action has been taken on the subject, or conjecture how It would be possible to do so. He adds that the total loss of their custom would not affect our exports, and that a few more shirts of any material would be a decided advantage to themn." THE UNMMPLOYED. A gentleman intimately acquainted with the statistics of the 8ewed muslin trade in Belfast, and of the other branches of industry imniediately connected with it, states that at present there cannot be fewer than 2.000 needlewomen, recently earning a comfortable subsistence by working for the warerooms, wholly unemployed in Belfast. The local papers, referring to this statement, complain that no movement has been yet made to ameliorate the condition of these poor women. INDIAN REI,IBF FUND. At a meeting of the Relief Committee yesterday it was announced that the Dublin contribution towards the fund for. the sufferers in India amoanted to 12,8901. This does not look as if CSepoyism" was regarded with any particular favour by the bulk of the Irish people. ARCHlI3SIOP WVfATELY ON MISSIONS. At the annual meeting yesterday of the Additional Curates' Fund Society, the Archbishop of Dublin presiding, his Grace, towards the close of the proceedings, made the following remarks in reference to the objects of church missions:- " People hear a great deal about the missionary societies -about missions to the heathen, or for the conversion of those in error from other churches. No one who knows anything of my conduct would suspect me of wishing to discourage missiouary exertions; but certainly our first duties are among our own bretbren-the first call of the church is at home. And this, though a less showy, is not a less substantial institution, not a less useful one than any other. It is, in fact, a missionary society-it is a mission to those worse than heathen who are living in a so-called Christian country, and living without the means of grace unless supplied by this society. It is a mistion, also, to those of our brethren who are nmembers of what we consider an erroneous charch; because all those who come under the inspection or within the district of any of our ourates will receive from them, we trust, all such instructions as they are willing to receive ; none, of course, can be forced upon them against their will. And I think it is an advantage, though some parties may admire the society the less from its being part of the regular parochial system. It is a society not for sending forth unauthorized persons to roam about according to the mere will of the society, but to provide curates forthe parocbial clergy who cannot provide them for themselves. It is part and parcel of the institation of our church ; it is a graft put upon it which will easily unite itself with the great stock ; and that gives ita permanentcharacter,and gives it mostemphatically a church character. If any clergyman found himself accidentally dropped into some country filled with heathens, Mahomedans, or members of some corrupt and erroneous church, undoubtedly he would be right in setting forthGospel truth to them ; or if any layman, where there were no clergymen, found himself in the nidst of such heathen darkness, of course it would be his duty to enlighten them. But here, living in acountrywhereourchurchisestablished, itis in accordance with the system of that church that we ought, in the first place, if possible, to work; and that cannot be done in a more practical and unobjectionable manner than by providing for additional curates in places where otherwise the people would be left in a state of spiritual darkness. I wish, therefore, all of you-Iwish there were more-who hear me would take every opportunity of setting forth the just claims of this society, and of asking of themselves-of asking allthose they meetwith-whetherit befitting, whether it be not even a disgrace to our churcb, that such very inadequate support should continue to be afforded to this society; and as for those who are seeking for conver's from other churches, I would ask what can more disincline people to look with a favourable eye upon any proselytizing efforts than to see that the members of our own church, who have always belonged to it, or who have recently joined it, are left without the means of spiritual instruction? Will they not be apt to infer that those who seek for proxelytes, while they are thus neglectful of home duties, m, st rather be actuated by a sort of political Protestantism, or by a spirit of rivalry and hostility to another chulrch, than by any real an.xietyfor the souls of their fellow-countrymen? Letus not be reproached with imitating the foolish example set by the inhabitants of Ai, who sallied forth to attack the Israelites in the field, while they left their own city to be taken and burned behind them. 'Theproceedings then terminated." THE PRItESTS' PROSECTION. Although the Rev. Mr. Conway's good taste revolts at the bare idea of a public subscription to sustain him in his coming conflict with Her Majesty's Irish Attorney-General, his friends are by no means so chicken-hearted, and already an appeal has been made to the pockets of the sympathizers, wherever they are to be fonmd, towards a general rate in aid. The solicitation has extended even to the " black north." One of the Belfast papers has the following paragraph under the head of " Modestly National:"- "An appeal is being made at this moment in Belfastwe assure our incredulous friends at a distance that such is the literal fact-not to the 'bone and sinew' of the northern metropolis alone, but to all otber patriots who have pennies to spare, for subscriptions towards a fund raising for the defence of those reverend champions of freedom of election, Fathers Conway and Ryan, of Mayo ! We had thought that we were far enough north to have been safe from such a visitation as this; and at one time we should have thought that the hat would have gone round for such an object as the above with the merest shadow of success; hbut we are becoming an altered town in some respects, and there is no saying what may or may not be done for the reverend sufferers of the West." THE FUiNDS. Three pcr Cent. Consols, 894 i ; ditto, for acount, December 8, S94 ; ditto, for ncr" account, January 8, 1S58, 891. a - New Three per Cent. Stockc, 894 ~' ; ditto, for account, December 8, 891' ; ditto, for newv account, January i s h 80 ; Bank Stoca, 234. J -Stock Banks. -Hibernian Bank (251. paid), 321'; National Bank of Ireland, (251. paid), 34; Royal Bank of Ireland (10s. paid), 211,. British and Irish Steaiu Company 1501. paid), 371s; Dublin and Glasgow (451. paid), 061; General Mining Co in- p ay f relnd(3. ls.pad~ acout,l~ aiwas.
I2.CIDX5TS OF, TIl CAITURE OF DEHi,.-The King of Delbi was found-no, he gave himself up, with the Queen; aad they are safely shut uip together in a little room in the courtyard of the Palace. Tbe English flag floats over the Palace. Report says that when the King was brought back he said, "I am no longer a Kiing or a Atussulmaan ; I will now eat pork.-" The Kin-la~ two sons and his grandson, the heir apparent to the throne, were caught and killed and their bodies exposed to the puiblic gaze inL the Chowndee Choak, a dreadful disgrace to the Imperial city. Fancy on the smoke clearing aa tteasut the first thing that metthehorifed az ofourbrve rops was a European cruifid, nd woan a Eropan)stripped naked, sore fromhea tofoo, caind t a aston,a raving maaniac. Two uroeanwomn wre lsofoud cucified. A round ~bo ededth mieres f he oo maia.-Pivate LeUir CRSTAL FPALACE.-.-OnE SHILLING DAY Friday Nov. 27.-Admissions on paymaent, 43I1; ditto lby eo, tickets, 206; total visitors, 637.
UNIVERSITY 12V TEL rXGBNCE. OXFRTV Nn- 9w The subjoined Class-list has been issued by the Examiners in the School of Natural Sclence CLAss I. Southey, Reginald, Christ Church. Tomlinson, C;harles If,, Worcester College. CLASS IT. Andrews, William I., Wadham College. Goalen, Alexander, New Inn Iail. GuUy, John, Waiham Colleve f3pry, Edward G., Magdalen ial. CLASS III. Lewis, George, Jesus College. CLAss IV. Bartlett, John B., St. Joln's Colleg. Hitchcock, Wi;Uiam, Wadharn College. Pryor, John, Madalen College. C. COOTE o R. WALKER Examlners. H. J. S. SMITH CAMBRIDGE, Nov. 27. The Senate met to-day at 2 o'olock, to consider the new statutes respecting the University Scholarships and prizes, co prising 14 different recommendations of the CounciL The first brought under consideration was the statute for the Craven, Battie, Davis, and Pitt Scholarships, The VICE-CHANCELLOR said the rule the Council had followed in every case was to folow the foundation, unless it appeared that a change was called for, and the senate would bear in mind that what were presented to them were the Cnanges; and In other particulars the foundation remained as it was. After some brief remarks from Mr. ROLEY, of St. John's, Dr. PAGET, and the MAaster of ST. JoHN''s,- Mr. G. WILLIAMS, of King's, in a speech of some length, rose to state his objections to section 2 of the new statute, which states that "ln the election to any scholarship the electors shaU not be required to take into consideration the pecuniary circumstances of the candidates." Re felt strongly on this point, and when he found only 10 signatures of the members of the Conmdl appended to the recommnendation he felt there must be great diflerence of opinion in that quarter. It was said that it was not right to make indigence a qualification, and he felt there was something in it; but he had heard no argument in favour of section 2 which was satisfactory to his mind. They were settling a great queseion, whether any one could hereafter leave any benefactions to poor students. He considered Lord Craven's benefaction was for charitable uses, and it was of the highest Importance that it should be sO regarded. It had been of the greatest use to poor men, who had themselves afterwards left benefactions to the University, expressly stating that it was in acknowledgnnent of the benefit received from Lord Craven's Exhibition. To disregard the charitable intention of the founder would bh a suicidal act, and he hoped the University would never do anything to bring contempt on paupers. The Master of ST. JOHN's said he belonged to a college which had done more for indigentcs than any in the .University, but he must say that the consequences of adopting the proposed section of the statute were by no means such as Mr. Wiliams had represented. It would not be for the benefit of the University to make indigenies a quailification. Re had been for many years a Craven elector, and having always given the scholarship to the best candidate he had signed the recommendation of the Council without hesitation. The Craven Scholarship had grown up to be what he might call the blue riband of the University. If the arguments of Mr. WiUliams were to prevail, he did not see where they were to stop. Much stress was laid upon charitable uses. Everything we had partook of that character. Every mastership and professorship in strictness was for charitable uses. But the whole of this matter had been debated at Oxford before the Oxford Com. maissioners, and then before the Privy Council, and he produced the order in Council, dated July, 1856, where they say, "W With respect to the question of providing for regard being had to the pecuniary circumstances of candidates for college endowments, the Lords of the Committee, consider. ing the extreme difficulty of introducing any provision upon such a subject which would meet the real exigency of the case, with respect to the persons to he preferred and the extent of the preferncne, the facility with which all such reaulations may be evaded when there is a disposition to evade them, and the abuses to which they lead when poverty is held a substitute for merit, have come to a conclusion that the commissioners have ex-ercised a sound discretion in not requiring more than a disqualification on the ground of the possession of a certain amount of property." The GREFn PRoFEssoR (Thompson), as an examiner, sympathized with Mr. Williams in his respect for poverty, but this was rather a matter for colleges than for the University. Nor was this a question of conservatism. For 50 years the Craven had been given to the best scholar. It was, as the Master of St. John's had said, the blue riband of the Uni. versity. He enumerated many distinguished persons who had held the Craven Scholarship, and among others Porson. If such persons were to be excluded unlees they happened to be very poor, then they should changethe title altogether, and call it the Craven charity. Re felt he should not be doing his duty if ho did not protest against the view taken by Mr. Williams. If any one were now to offer an endowment on such terms the UIniversity would reject it. Mr.CApIoN, of Queens',inavehenmentspeech, condemned the views of the Master of St. John's and of the Greek Professor. He contended that if the clause were to stand it would he exceeding the powers of the Act of Parliament. It wras said poverty was undefinable; surely we could distinguish poor men. If in the course of time they had createm an idol, it was not necessary for every one to worship it. When the Greek Professor said it was only for ihecoileges to carry out such a principle, why did he not move that the C)raven Exhibitions should be handed over to the colleges? If we were recklessly to interfere with the funds we.should aeon dry up the sources oE charity. Mr. DixoN, of Clare, advocated the views of the Greek Professor, and said that very poor persons could never compete for the scholarships, as the necessary qualification for so doing involved a high state of classical learning. Dr. PAGET was strongly in favour of Lord Craven's provisions, that regard should be had for the poverty of the candi date, and after a speech of some length he suggested this scheme :-Lord Craven originally founded two exhibitions for poor scholars: there were now five rich scholarships. He would say that three of these should be taken by the University w ithout any regard to the qualifieation of poverty, and that the other two should be given as exhibitions to poor scholars, thus preserving Lord Craven's original intenltion. After some remarks from Mr. Roley, of St. John's, and Professor Selwyn, in favour of the proposed clause, the meeting adjourned tUIl to-morrow, Saturday.
HONOURS POR INDIAN SERVICES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Some of your correspondents claim a peerage for General Havelock. He deserves it, and will probably get it; but let it not be said of us that we can appreciate only the glitter of military success. To Sir John Lawrence it Is owing that we now hold a single inch of ground beyond thc Ptesidency towns. But he has not merely preserved the P=jab. This is a very small part of his merib; he has introduced law and order where those blessings were un. knowu, and has so administered that vast territory as to render it, after only eight years' possession, a contrast to ail the rest of India. While the remaining provinces have at best remained passive, the Punjabees alone bave "pro. nounced" decidedly in our favour. This speaks for itself. I know nothing of Sir John Lawrence, but have long watchled his career with pride as that of one of the few great Englishmen of our day. A peerage conferred on him would be also a graceful tribute to the memnory of his ilus. trious and lamented brother, who, equaUy with Havelock, perhaps, may be called " the saviour of Lucknow." I am, Sir, your obedient servant. AN ENGLISHMAN.
TO THE EDITOR OF THiS TIMfES. Sir,-May I crave the space of a very few lines to draw attention to the parallelism which subsists between the late rapid and victorious march of General Greathed and that of Lord Lake in 1804, over very nearly the same groand, *hich latter resulted in the surprise of IHolkar and the victory of Furuckabad 7 Both will bo ever memorable in the annals of military success, and are not unworthy of comparison with that celebrated march of Septimus Severus, in Roman story, from Paxinonia to Rome. It is with the same feelings of gratification that the sehoolfellows of "Old Phlos" claim that distinguished soldier as their own that I beg to add that General Greathed was educated at WESTMINSTER.
TID: LATE GEmEi1 XiciCoxoeN.-The following Is an extract from a letter by a young officer who served in General Nicholson's brigade:-" He was a very brave man and a most valuable public officer, very determined, very bold, very clever, and verv successful; therefore his loss is most deeply felt, and every one feels that his place will not easily be supplied, nor the empty void filled where before his presence was so much felt and appreciated. He was a mnan inwhom all the troops had the most unbourded confi deuce, and whom they would have followed anywhere cheerfully, yet he was quite a young man, who advanced himself by his own endeavouns and good services. He had a constitution of iron. The day we marched to Murdan he was 26 hours in the saddle, followina up the mutineers. I never heard so much anxiety expressed for any mnan's recovery before, and the only term I know that is fully adequate to express the loss we all felt is, that in each of oor hearts the victory that day has been turned into mourning. Ee was a man whom all would have delighted to honour, and was beloved both for his amiability and kindness of disposition, and his more brilliant qualities as a soldier and a ruler of the people. Ee was AssistantCommissioner here before, and his name was known and dreaded by all the hill tribes around, and by all the inhabitants of the valley of Pesbawur. When it was known that he was dangerously wounded every one's first inquiry wa3, ' How is Nicholson-are there hopes of his recovery ?' He is now gone from us, but his memory will be long cherished, and the example of his daring and bravery will stimulate those who knew him to emulate his deeds. His death has caused as much grief as that of that estimable, brave, and heroic good soldier Sir Henry Lawrence." [Advortisement.,-The Splendid Panoraolo Map, mneasurlIng 22 Inches b y 18, with a Chroniot Flca! 116tecs' ot India, will be rublished with casesi' InUstr.atedl Fialy Paper, No v, new series, on Monday next. Nov. to. On and at'er that date Caeselrs papwer wiL be 16 pages deswyl seto. price Id., lusteiA of eishtp gesdem folio, as herAtotore. The public is resrcetfullv i"fornisd that the Paneranmic Map and History of India. alone wUl be Gd. after onemonth from the date of pnblioation. it purebweed with No. 1, new series, of cusells rape, withn one month, the charge for both publio3. Ilons together wil be lid. With No. I of the new serles of (jassell' Paper wia bo commenced two new and ortnicl tales writtea with great pwers and rep!ete with teterestiog scenes and incide.t3o ne enttled ' Smiles >nd Tears." by J. h'. 4Smlith, author ox - Diok Tarsetoen, " Stmfield heliL" &c, the other, eatitled ' Lateon." by Felix fftowe. Vol. 4isnow rea4y, price s, 61. ia loth; paper covers, 5. 6X
('1 EORGE ROUTLEDGE and CO.'s NEW PU]3LI1 CAil.N.~-A. nEW CAAOGJ Ot 96 Pagee' is now ready FU. wilt beforwardedoNn hreceiptoLf three pota stamps. Jus rady pis 21.,eleanlybound, FrsIE UPPI'At RHNE, from Maoence to the Lake .M o Co stnce ItsPicurequeScenry ortHisorical Assodlatious 'neldingthe lemetlo annes ofthe SujLas Deecuibed by HENRYftl&YItW.ad Illstratd wit 2line engravinias execuatea in te hehes stle o ar, frm oiginl fawins b Biket Foster. Price 18a., cloth gIt, vel of rTEE PLAYS of 8HASpEARE. Edited by JH OWARD ST&UNTOIr. Mluetrated by John Gilbert. The fWs4 volume of rols saperbty slusstratec, redition Wll be ready on Dec. 7. Homeof tha engravings are perfect gems of mode,n art, and.ha-se been warmnly ad reestedly ealogized by the leading orgAns of the oDbli. res3; vhdle tee notes., emendatlone, and comments are jost of the kindrequiredhy t a geB eral seaf'. it Is in au re'pects a popular aditlos of the great nationxal dramai,it'hworkls,and enhn a book, at the prie tatis subtsed,,usvtmac Shkecar'swritings as well known as hls nue. It Ia,parexoeliesoe.be greatest rumpliof moderi tims,andlie he nterhimel. i sans pr e.London, George Bootledge ad Co., Farningdoon.sreet.' Price 'Ie., elegantly boend, THE HOME AFFECT1ONS, Pourtrsyed by the TPoete. Sected and elAted by ORARLES M&CKAY. liustrased with 1to exquisite engravings, from ortginal desgns. " The Domestic Affectlons are cultiv.ted amnong un, and 'n every happy home this charmiog volume is esire to iiod a platce. The best that ha been writtea and suen upon this subjeot is here treasured in a glitter. ing caRket; and the langnsige of the beart never b.fore received so fair an lnterpretation."' London, Gcorge toutledgoe end Co., zarringdonstreet. Price one ouinea, elegantly bound, JD HMES nd RUNDEAYESin PRAISE oi a R COUNTRY LIFE. 'With llnstrations from orisina designs by B!rzket Foster, Thomas iacqucid, Edward l)nnca, G'eorice Ddgoi HlarlaoaWeir, NValter Goodall, John Ab4olon. F W. Hulme, Richard Anedell, Noel Humphrey,. J. L. Prout, S. Read. Sn. - It woEld be impossible to conceive a happier arrngement, and rarely, indeed, if ever have the paces of Den and pencil been so auspiciouely combined. The sook is redolent ot otountry lfe, aud in turning over the richl Illuctrated pages the mind speeds off to the bill ide and th shady grot, and imaginatlon revels In all the richb ALd rare deUgbhts of teg. lhout-doorlife." London, George Routledge and Co., Farrlingdon. fftreet. Pdce 21s, eleganUy bosind. rpHE POETS of the NINETEENTH CENTURY. Selected aud edited by Iev. I. A. WILLMOTT. With lo0 Ilustrations by Everett Millals, F. R. Piekersgill. Jobn Gilbert, B. Duncan, J. D. Harding, Birket Foster, Harriton Weir, Edward CoOr bould, G. Dodgeon, ko. " This Is a gorgeous boo,r bound in blue and gold, latticed with gildingf, and all a bloom with the colour of the sky. It is Drinted on crearn-cocourei paper, thick, glossy, and soft, ard is altogether a wonder and dellght."-Athenseum. London, George Rontledge and Oo., 2, Farrisgdon-etreet. Price one guinea, elegantly bound, TIHE LOWER RHINE, from R,tterdam to MayOnz. Tlts Plctumeque Scenery and HIstorlc31 Aemocialions. Iliuetratet by Birket Poster, and des:a1bed by hENRY MAYXEW. 20 LIneE3ngravings, executed In the hJbiest style of nrt, from Iilrket Fe3ter overaw19g. In,Derl4l. 8ro. Helirero we have been banging delighted over 'The Rhine and isi Pictumsrrue mcenery.' as lie.stra¶ed hy Mr. Birket Foster and described by Mr. Henry Ida,hew. vJrst as if it were an unknown etreams, and Iias lhitory anid ltegends were P. fresh contribution to romantiLct teraturo. Altogether a tempting book."h - Atheneum. London, George Routledge and Co., Fsrringd6u-utreet. price 2a., elelantly bound, .ONGFELLOW's POTIOCAL WORKS. The _LA most Eplendid Illustrated edition ever published. On tinted papDer. WNith designs by John Gilbert, engraved by Meecre. Dalieil in thefinest style of art, The potraitthat eserichee thiseodition is the onlyr one the peer has ever sat or,. and 3s pieces are included in lt that ore not in anBy other illustrated Longfellowv'n Poems . ljnlvereajjy it is now acknowledged to be the moat exquuseteiy illustrated booM ltel producel .llr.Lon-llov ought to feel proud of this proof of hiapps larityi E1 ngland. London, George ftoutledge and Co., Fsrrlngdon- THE:~~ ~Pie s Gd.. cl'Qg oth, lt edges, dm,George Byti4g abeaoOusuJsgAMtES8by tBre FGtrTo Co..~ ~~o d,ice 76d. coth, d-itoedges. ('OMUS. By JOHN MILTON. Elegantly printed on tinted paper, and ilsrtdWith original Engravings from desgna by Corbould, Pickerligill, Bicket Foster, Harrlrsn Weir, and RI. arrich. London, George Ioutledge andOn., Farrstngd on3.ts'sst rONGEELLOl's VOICES of the NIGHT, Co., Balladsdo.; including TtreeeNew.P, entitled "Tle Rope Wa," notmthe nuragerey alond-the eDeth of th e Ltord Wasden." With imestrattons byt. LohndGoDbert. ndso, George atout&idge and Price 7a. cd,lotb. glet,e ICTURE FABLES. ith 100 Illustrations, .1L drawb Otto Sd oh, eenravr Dalziel With Rhymes Translated frmteemn IfF ey. '" The originals of this 'Picture Fable Boopr in every nurser, and PkLnder garten' (scholf the ou in G ALScore ofearo, and not in the nurserf thonuhioad i s men Iug conveyed in the baoutifuldesigns by O e , cobnCed the sweet simplicity o h hmso .Hy edrtebo i o the matured intellecr." alondGeoed ntL ede;ad Cor , Enrog don-street. PIc oe vs. Gd.e 7. 6dot, lettered, 3SUTRAM andMAYELBM PERSIAN CAM- XJ PAIGY. By Captain G. F., H. HUNT, 11th Highlanders. To whlrb is prefixed a Summaryof Ptheryet Hivrlstory, with eight Tinted Lithographs F omdesigns e Ao hs a eant coly (InteESt. from the fact JSade Ane, tev author, afte hvng ee ashres in themdnrTst atenduo tof GeeralC HConelck'l mamohoto, relieveLuco, healel doie Crothoera frmute ef Aets onfirs eoertion. loranon, orge eigrIutreg a nd Con. L arrind go-e Routleg an oarrivgdongstreet. Pric o, cors. g, dot. gilt edges, EI GRATY CoUf FITALES oy HE ROPEl pidingmthde L'vene fvenr. Tudmoenloe Lerthe Marae tCon, Ilidnoebowyrough,laterdrog, wihGoeseral WofCowllultan,b, J. k of I'Aiva, Emnellsheod CitrEnra.vo iths Eigh Godwustatd orbul. London, Gog Genodge anouedgeaUd Co., Farringdot re price cef ., cloth, glhto tgit,ed ~N~.FOUR AIRY TALE. By CHARLES.0 Idadanse do VillenOve, PS Mademoiselle Lbertl, M b e Pornce. rtin,c. N lrandsl wiathot And IPtO^, , by or Io PAtNCHtof Embellish ied e with Engravng by Gdin and Corboud.iLodon tio, In hichle Ithwelldsre h oualyz hc thu l Pice one. 6d. price, or . giloth egit T YAtEg of WOMAN's TIALDS. Byn Mri.iSg C. RHALge AY e ev eJ. G Wth Illustrations by oeNelPatin, e and Co., Parringdoetnse P rice 5s ish r5. Gd. lt glt,o-s amuseEn and H ENS of the MOS EMINEft upars of PO E By W. H Wit With Iustratlons andpall the F spiece h hirktFstetOr. The b.eIls a hewr evise se. Rogners hOave beenm Pcfometlreitn. London, GcgoRueorge a outled.eai nstOOs, fashdg tantt;Azdw^V h tovto Deit6 ttp teRe.J FSeRy BOd's B Ka ovmpte plncclon bookr.Gedi v, tt ofeRn Sports r and Amusrementy antemde to atree rhereatin,mn Farrsnedn an-dinstruon ton horsi Rtrleisu hnnCo, with upwards Bf 6a. Illustb,rion frlom clnr by Heatnda AIS TO g that aND oA can wHIAR oLS p gcm- nt, ilshing, tdo Gich is a aoteg bird.', andih r It hapters oihn L Wurnascs opth eisthy now, se uy ' am andt p leasantadi S b -G'ualtrad L do n. George CRogn.d°C. R o Price 7s.. cloth, gilt, .JL To hla ich Es JAdEd adition al Cofptembngn or clown tura oFa Deolhihv. With eig fIlontraissand ao o ewo b Mop apn Hospitalun, tt tar g-irmohss.Thr ed itiObOag?on, weithnuiamner ao usaddtmof e2eclvalude, othed, ad salstoutertb work mayk benrendedfaoarthe don. George Routledge and Co., Farrinegdonstreet. Price 3?. clot, lettere. 3 ICROSCOILD; it, HStowry, CnstrSucthione: _j F AA o ditrliotesofb, do. erssteant llro toathesRya Optali Hosptl, harig*eTr. J.Go. Tr edittion wh nreabtos o wotyguide. t wlldsevehepouart t oa whic ait haso aXlready _den G e Proutledgea d d Co.,Fai d -ttreet. Pricis dclt,o4' gilteer Pric Is clth.or i, fI.siltedgr, !T~HE BUCCANEERS- or, the goandrb ofathe -1. panih Min. y WLT1~ TiORNIIJR, Auhoref ~ Th -Extactfro Prfac. Lndo, Gorg ItntldgeandCo., Farr.g PrieA3.NG.,Nlot, siA A RrBO`vi E, Adi ne dto. tdb heRv .G WOOD, and lstrte frhaovom llertsn,b . avy Finelpraionted.Itis aI lsatloig oue ieal iutrae wieths cllnt picture fnalyeeyaimlorre hr en tioed"Eaie.Lnn,Gorge RouedetnlC.,Fdglsg do-sreetty no,rigo-tet i'rceis G.,clth o G *wih o 2.&louedcIiirssrrtiose,t- priin th in n h wr,Ptrandhi Gose tin e Cat Too -/with £6IlntatnebAlrdCoqi. by Hrdon, G eorge .teg adCog.,A FgaToo,widon.stceet.g Price 6s G.. cloth. gilt, TIFE inCHINA.B'Rev :W.C. MI1LNE, M.A., Ldfor many Years missionary among the Chineee. With original &raps of NJinepo, Shcngal, China Proper, Inland Trip from &ingpo to Canton,. from Sketches by the Author. "' A book which for clearness and copiousness of its informationL on China, Its muvltifarious contents, its mmn Pictures of scenery, mnen and manners in the land of the satzes Is unique-more to ho relied upon than Huas' for Itz irnttbfulness, and mnore compsebensive in Its range than Fortune's."-Nonceuionntrt. London, Geo-rge Rontledge and Co., 2, FFrrnindon.street. A D. ~~~~~~Price 6a., clothbglt ANATURAL HISTORY. B tho Rev. J. G. X3_WOOD A new and cheaper edition, wvith M3UY additions, coDntaining nearly 500 Illustrations from detigns by W. Harvey. 1' Con. tains a great number Of ephZited and well executed wodsouts. and is a hook that noth parents and children may look over with pleaaure and Psatificatilon'-Buglish Churuhman. London, George Routlsige and Co., Farmingdon'street. Uk'AULNOY's (C~~osontess) P?ATIY T LS Ajm ltsibD.1.PAOiB n husIratdbJonGle. growh Inthiscounry hve te Hary Tles f the Cuts 'ni ringdon'strcct,~m t Price is. Gd., cloeian gilt, TTHE' CASTAW Y o,Avnturesi of a Family T in the Wilds ofArc.B ,BW AN, Author of "Espo). ranza."1 With eight lsrtosb arsnW'r sams n teresting work, contann h detrso afml ntewlso Africa, with many trlig eios e amuigncdn.Th huntInig adventures serltdwhgeatsit.Lno,Grg Routledge and Cc., Frigo.tvt Price 3s. 6d., cloths tilt, AIRYGOLDfor OUNGandOLD. Edited by romeonebcetol th stric of. 'roe Thsm.Lndn GoreBot TAXRE-t. it Eiht lr'lrlios b iarrisen Weir. GemIseko isth mon opuarwrierof hedaywih te oug, He has seenwhathe dscries, nd earedIn te aeeutoes wichhe relates. Hene hs hot ar trthfl ictresof iebny seeofacutielife, NEW STORY by the Authorot "MargarOt alUah3nd. -3t.t read,,4 0no voL., lOs. 6d, bound, (RPHANS. By the Author of "Margaret Mait. lando. " Illeleaf," ko. Runt snd Blackottr publihsr, gue. cesrs to Henry Cotburn. Third and cheaper edltion. In one vol , 10r. 0d DEV ELATIONS Of PRISON LIFE, with an XLjThnir mr P0,so Discipline and Secondary PEI,hmsont, By G. L 0EiE8TE %T 25 weans Govetror of the HoeeOaof O,rrso.tlB, Ooldbath-flelde. ' nunusuallY eArikitn and tinstructive bDoOt."Herld. Hrart and Blackett. pubrshbes. 13, Great afrlOroogh.st. Now ready at aSU he libraries, In 3 vole., COURT SECRETS. BY Mrs. THOSI5aON 4"Mro. CThomson is known as the author of SOIns excellent n4Tol, bhot we can remrember n~oe of them that we like beiler than tbl,.5-Kx. winer. Afro. Thomson is one of the bert of out lady autbors, aend this admIrable tWe Is, in our opinion, the begt of her productions." -United Servioe Magazine. Hunt and Blackett, pubbjahtrng Now readr, la2vols.,withPortra ibyHeth ,21, 11LIZABETH de VALOIS, Queen of Spain, and E tho Court of Philip IIL By Hits HREHE, Author Of " The Life of Marguerite d'Angoul0me." &o. "M Mss F'fOee Indu,try bas procured her readers Important biotoriral information. as well as most agreeabla readIng."-Globe. Hurst and Blaokett. PublIsborf. NI6WN'OVItl. by Mrs. BRICOE-Nowrea&In, ln3vo. TrHE YOUN( BRIDE. By Mrs. BRinSOE. ""A very graoeful and stirring noveL A more remarkable storyapper. tainIWg to aristocratic socIty SO haVe seldom read In the p Paean rnedem romnacne,"- Moming Post. Hurst and Bleckett, publishers wueoess to Henry Ociburn .Dbbe. NIdW NOVEI4by the Authoroft"Mr. Axle."-7Now ready, In 3 .Is. fIASTE. By the Author of " Mr. Arje.;' 'tDDloge is it that our blo'ds, Of colour, welght, and heat, Pur'd altogether. Would quite confound distinction, yet *tand off In difference so mighty."-Shakspeare. nurst sad 1lar tt, pubisthers (succesors to Henry Colburn). New and cheaper edition, now ready, in I voL. 1s, d., 6L 1 ORN HALIFAX, Gentlema n "A very good and 9) a ery intereettsg novel. It is conoelved throughout In a highx an* sud written with greait ability. better thanx ray former work, we think of tederrdly successful aubbor."-Exaoiiner. " The author's best work. Everybody who eTer readts a novel should road this one."CrItIc. Hurst sad Blaorett, ublishers. 13, Great Marlborough.utreet. PILately published, In 2 vote., with Illustrations, 21k, ApILGBIZAGp into DAUPHINE; with a Visit .C3..to the sonatery of the Grand Ohartreuse, and AneodoteS, Incidents, and Bkethbes from Twenty Departments of Prance. B the Rev.0. I. h' SRAV, A., Oon.It would bedifficult to ind a more arreeable and Inatractlre travelling companlon thin the author of these wvolrnes."-Globe. Hurst and Blackett, publishers. Mr. ATXINuON's TRAVELS, beautifully IilustrateO.-Nowready, In 1 vol. royal 8ro., embellished with upwards of tO Ilustrattons, Including tnumerous beautifully Coloured Plates, fromndrawings by the Author, and a Map, price £V2 Is. elegantly bound. oRIENTAL and WEHTERN SIBERIA. A art' ratUve ot Bever Yeane' Extplorations and Adventures in Siberia, Mongolia the irhgbls SteFppes Chinese Tartary, and Part of Central Asi. By THOMAS WITLAM ATKINSON. Huret and Blackett, poblishers. 33, Oreat Murborough-street. Now ready, at al tbhe brarime. I 3 votl., BYMOR an lil FRINDS.BY the Author of S" The Secret Marriage." "The beauties ot this novel are Its tenedmoaldity, the diaoge is lnveland naturAl,tedspino taine l Probabl ue reade x of th better trat of e society." JonBul. Hurs t and Blac kett , u ubihero, scceor to Lady BAKLND's Nl;RW WORK otn IN£DA,-Second }Edtiton.- Nowheay Inth2rvote, ithPts fIHOW-CHOW;t-Md bein SUte libretos,fc ora kot IniB th GYoNNte tt. "e whic NriprobE ab he Brdeawthmost InTer woI Ldy Palverdoad Co-Co tw handomer voluesBt cocrnn the Author of tIatialto them ifu oftaerorkbayiGber.mWe Teydontoten haem picmores ofgInal tsleothay drThew frdym so lyev Tbed toapinotonve a andveri buHtgood,utand eakequite sutiShedthat tbe1 e charmhlbug orues 13NEW tO be b erthedn authoredb o "Margae anddHer c BrlIde,teymaidse evenzyet traverseNo de eaba the oibftries, thaInm3nymo suchatraect anheLdy Of GLYnEmy in store Autor of ~_ipr argateo andp Hte Bridkesmai su'cwisbore perform tohuernjeybd IDWE SUttNownyout I Of 6&SoP MTh R thataaiTshmIN VAnotHer wokb tesmean. Thperes neve wask atU mor origneltale thais l'hterady of reta ion. Ity Is notoenly togtusggesUvIesWt,' an ombinsanwith Vlucidity an auEnIculaeve u od, and wTeare- thquitestrfed tat throfnoe hudarmin stries. bare tobe pethrus atrndctia b d byWa fartgwide cl thano they have evMeyt tavesdge eichso teF repeatre isTh tht many more Gaiet ote.Hurot a nd Blecket. succeOress t aro Jery Cougtre. . rIm uW ere. in one vic lOs. 6 TT usHulstor, Enghe PuteryQurters &n OYNE REVRIB TEgatp8of A2sOPSIH B wutil dobgch Trehce to hsliterenpduiorn. iuort s written Iad Wrinulc, a5,Pndo Jeoery-a tW. acq andai of novet Standa deredpecuarlytteractiv bblagnd, crownrd Ind tlotrneio andh a r CHLRESO WOltHY. FA^e _ _ eltampn, a tlo ue uagewichoso ely taut; audaooe u ater-w MorIng oet HCORunt sianlacketi, 13 i t Cc,br ugh atrty. Crm own ste..30 expsd Iluialn,7.dcoh USEFUL ME1d POLIICAL THERALLOYS,B Seetiehiths h rwn o, d,Cloth, B iQuHROUElWaIFE' RESO IY.DeING.e i ghtoethe housewi Intelligbl ress form thevarious ot dorhul^ItieshiceR hEtupernauteynd obr o prorm.o Haitho Bihand Wright, siteo,terow d Wg6Pr.oterGd. iTeenth Thousand crown.oi. 2G d., cloth, TOTPRiES WHY.- AODareN TS; CoLondetion of .1.1 'e ThoandlFoitf RaonrAs tfor Tnso wIc, tehoU enom bnon,ar AImperitectl HUndriood otn and . Wright , 65. Paternotrrw It ~ ~ ~ ~ k Itt eemao gpoetalo6tf nester-row.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~ow nlf Thmufnd rownl 2ba.o n. c loth, b ighe en the Autho r un c Whivo "T. e d it. cloth. Wilifam-street. wnObvO..2s. di,gloth Ten Thouh andry u tter hen Crownth Nl o., C44e J ikeetrtnsI, cigWloth, gtredes, Caig PRANKMILLWHAnD ; MIRTH U ITE byo PENs OL YW.KNIK. Oriina Charades, Breeta, aind WI'uzmg,ror WhaintecrEenns.HulonadTgt,0,aeotro. hlr. 5, W PULLOM' volaW WOK-In2vte,aNe o DYHEVHUMA TEINDO; Ir,t Acquiemof Lif.dB ..Hsoy ythe Author of" f Hi othRedMarvels of 11lonee.0 Wil hoke ramdy Imn.edite. Ctam.J.SetKigWlamtetChn-cos Now ready at acll the librarie, 1~JI ULEV heR' DIVOERECESa Noe.in tHrEe hi ILE vole.oBy tohexAuthokr o WfrandSon" "Tes Cityrander WPihneRIeT.A CSaNDAYScrond 018112 L.L mediatey, 1 ol.,Jpice E.LGd. TAndo or, English Con ryQartersA aund ABIoEB.InvTouc ByCatan LLT N,SAuthooA"Etter fro TheoNile. Chartin Ske,KngWlim-tet Caig ILLW0-'sDugte:aRD:ans Lyovel. Inma two Howlk Hrtz.EVTraulteRb'edrAe; oar,tiue 2s6odLfe B an Lon(ln ot .Pte tdSz, West Strand. Thip.dayoi, pub. abed Tf)PEMARKS on the IDIFNFERENCES inCSHAKE. L JOHNE' VETUDHOLM HDGON.I DIBoRnTa PErIOD ofgdir hslItEC ommndlngtJhn W, PalrkeglrFoand Son,dWestWBran.Al This day fc pulse in o. s.d.th reded' t H rLDA.S THROUGHOT the YEAoR. ByJHNGS. B.i AMONBBL.LT, tL D icedrtof GhamroAthorBn ofg R"b'er oInish alg." Lodo,JA hn W. OXaEker aondSon, Wet.StAnd.ndo.7Lad. TrasltePb TH OEDIATION. Latlypuhsed urLegClo: atrgdy yOh.ionshlgr.Tranlaed wit Notes byI Theoheorearatin.hor, SpkingE,.eeDuhe DtatnirshLyrica Dama.0 ByokHenri Hertz. Traunlated by Phe-idoao Martin. 27. Gd. Lonon,Joh W.Parer nd on,Wes Coirand. a h Tio ay inpublihed,in otio,coh rce is., OPIAII ondth POITICAL A ORAY. IBY.ooBe JOWILIA LTDOLVETHT ,IO. " oet inialou Armt, trinthadr fatfla essCommapding the whnjb Irregulare Foc.lapynd a Wine H. lifen Ltorr aete.da is pulihed Inm poetbiorcohpiei. ElemAenS,te erdtary AaoyadPsolgar'otrs anhDo Gangdbbrsvatf indi. BtrucJAB. HSTTon. ed.iti non, Win,( H6. Ale ads 0ol ., 7,leaden-obe Thoall-tret.Alo WEUnS 4WU :aPOLMsEDiTONif poCKr G. ofisedb imkn t rhe AIadCULT. Bynd Dr. -8Destructive Scltx oad%pieqe to ther bove.ion Prievis.d and. BumpkInMa nlarg,end. withionrus'toorat; and l oksle IONT to. HUEGBALDS: a Reelaltisory of ah Suanol 9)J Man,whoel hastbeen ay GEORGEa Salor,aNTolater Srgeon, ae Gelou Cmmnr f orn Christ1 Collge amrdg,an so a Iurte, bmd of mayynp'sanigenethabe shurff ofEgan Nr ratedo byhatimsbelf Prod editd bylwrev a.gCinstD seMs. Amr velousaccount, poplarsaly rte. upi and Co., ttoeshand aout theol bySU1OC ZIers and POL ITICAL- .M ORLT.B WILLIA.. LOVTT "h oetpit-otwt rt n ?J1HE SAINT and HIS SAVIOUR; or, the Progrues . of the Soul in the _KnOseedg eofJeSUs By the Rev. C. H. SPUXRGEON, Of New Park-streel CpL Atu al itO n Co., Paternoster-row. a eL rliur Ha rtu and Bound In the Annual ttyle.-In ono handsome fcp.8ro. vol., cloth, gilt edged &a.' price is,' GOLDEN AGe, and Other Poems. By end sparkling narrative. ....The bard who rauc pnsch ao p)oem need not lean for support on classIcal narsea."1-orftl. --fr. GuDge is a mni of superior pro*ase, and may achieve somnething that wln Outlive mnost of his contemporaries, and go down to the gencrations3 to comne."-Ohvlstian Whinues. "Glimpse of magnificent thoughts, gorgeous and transient so the huets of Cloudland-harping In unison with lyerse that ceased to ring a thouonud years ago -certain tones and phrases, that speak in notes of thunder to the breast of the soldier andi the patriot, . . Let hira persevere. Though the path of the mountain be rugge,M there are gold en rize hOabovlehim."Sittingbourne Gazette (late Lndon Editor). ' A lg 01ix shis lehouldl he naot ho wantIng to bimselfl among the poeis of his country. He Is richly endowed with spini power, and comsmad,of laura '.-British Banner (now Star=l London, rhur Hl V nd Co.. 2, Paternoster.row. THOE TIEC~)ONOM[YH-UBeDtePINdHBOUoK J. hold litytwo WTees Aolloing pbIckpan fprkeeing a cyrobrrdeso acontdof dommtlo expenditure and Inome; atoo f-orshowing what 1. Moramotuns for HIom e, Prole 1y. f.Or r Beeoya at wanytim su the year.t theom?rdg andt Ison5. 'tr S. ComDleteaottage Colokery, byEatthert Cple roe la 4. Catcklism ofDoweatiaEoDoomy. cprpcy,Ploels 6. Carving Blade FB"Y, wlth,3G RogravlD nic L 67 Coocr Houei'sReoet 330ok. Prlco Is l 8. monsronaHouftrryH , Prioe 9d. IQ ComplrteCottigeCooker, yBt ople. Prioe 6d. U. Catechism of ohmesicEonwomy. Price Sd. iO2 12. Groombudsie's Rhiecuget Boo Pric Is.6 .sch bLesoo nt o HouOeirer.pt ri tbo Drie. . aked rOOabeiclg and Sons, 5, PaternetoeiprqW, L.9adn, Now edition, with portraIt.S 14. L, L EJT.ENT COw.EnCE.NB PRIN 0 ~PLHS of :r ce ls.Ed. of CURRENCYI Means of Inmd2 YBARict of VQS d Ao 4- Vauto-L09in, and A.deqnaa of Sapply. BiXWM NE1W WORK Ly the M.rel oI ORA Y.-.Just pubished, its two Qeou,, Ira, ltbs A YEAPRt of tbeVO Yer18;8 B:rom a Jmatl keDt& 01Q. Iemilon, Lonziman, bdOo. h wU3o O B OR BROUj LORD ACTh and BILLS front AOTo. Burt., Rteorder fWrik iha Aatl.x ERDvst,y wiw,~ ng tbeir Reselts upon Lw ensnt ntdo Iterigma and Ct .being^ a e ytmof Poliia Esonono Wounded,,On Doctrineoft E:rchanges. By HEtI SY DlJllNIli MAED, thE Just pubireed in 10 c 10,., CDo beou JLAiE lFE S f8 r CAL LATINo '11 Bases upon15 Suecms lfrheoadncng £25 to £61,000 by Thoesed o£00.adb .n fTogna. £100 000D; with otbe b lb aL thelondou tut-stole Bank. Lnn P and Co b NE'PARo MOMBEby t oG tRUI'CSHANL..Of eDDUCay noet wo tobe e tbeme con tinne monthlyad, c3mplets;da Inm>bU 10 nsher.&tt eah conain edtyc, pelites, p EublicMon s.. .va TH L55E of XlwSir JObhN FALSTAFF,iilustrat bS erg *Xstlcrion k. Wtie a Bog of t Huight bel 3 Authenti Dl8:sCAe of the B. B ij Eaw* andol,mnuC man and-te Co _____________also __be _ _tbe _7 Tr_n__u_ o__t_ p P LET -This dayprim ,. pohiche, ATherLer TISon th The TimE, Of eTAi EloRIN 3.AA ft.coote BenAMHlUTP ) ArLny-3. RaCilay Man r.e4n A uddIthona Not n Porlicls.ytheet wsm. Aon Paper PioIandll Pubsishe^datCalutt ; Idn 1834 an 1536, n hS8Dthd Applctionof oan Lettersm to theLanguars e ottAsa.ule 5l *,xndl Willamnd Tehg and Co., 8514uereoe st.rtbeao.aDe t HUNTo CTHILM I1O -P BOOSe hi las thrdted itio,sio n rly BO re vised,-wth many imo rtant AdYcr pWrice wit d,ost tre,W IS the gaest4 altoget, Cheargite. a ermn.se o dnr, IUWthe rOiglld, authorty QueeTo tobedict.h".-.Snt Lod on, ogmn anad Copt and 5eat is' boundin clot, giltedMAB 17thI, edition, reditear clth g1,sIceO Da. BTELE o CrIS SD To be follo ve OW NaRLY. BoO trk d By Mrs. gRUP Condon. Willim ggnd 8m , EdQ ueuen. 6t5eet, Cheapede. bherCo s on O Testanoent gst edition, boun6s A GI Er B0( ~ ~ 7&Gd lTbed weith13 nwuts,prtOly (roe TtNoDdhoD-iekcns byGilbrt.one Be4. J.d oHAKlf P O. 8 PANNE ByLISE: Mtakrsi Cc., Con kaCtHiS , o. ts ot W hit ug_s Pinnocks Ctls may WhpdBL aop take r a nd Co., Ave araln Aust readyn oae S rot, ploe g crlo thd.. 17JELLEW'soo, edtin ON Ore tilt te AL PtreetIC. onthODRmPF7inz f BondIStEASEs of tho S .y Jad GREE IV. O. b IODtaker Pand Co. vetlani-an. Cao!,Nw8rlgo-te hTeLL r i00 vl,re cloth, trios bs lid., Bs SERMLON atIBS[ D .ePH LIP', Roffe ot;anent.Xe thoand Unabdl Serm o1ns. Tnad VolW. .B8oo. reubed 29 NeJ I ISTORY of the WAR in the PENINSULA anc HJ BOUTH of FRA.NCE, with 05 Maps and Plan. By General Sir W.NAPIER. "Welliogton's campaignsgfurnishlessons for gene. rmls of all nations, hot they mutt always; be e. pecisl models for Britlab commandersinrfuture continenatal wars.I T.sndW. Boonie, ublishers. 29, New Bond-etresi, of whom may al-s'o bhad isome odd StolUMe Co complete set. of all former edition, l tirewie o sinx Volumes, In smnall to., printed by upon t ed r,ho omamented cover, price 1 Is.. MOo t. POE'.and SONGS. ByROBER osptratedwith numerois highly finished Engrayfings, fr0mdraw.. logs by C.W. Copo.R?.A-..fC.EHor3iey,A.IA. F. W.TophwamGomre Thomoas Blrket Foster, Harrison, Weir', S. Edmonston, A.. Johethon, 3. orumnond, R.S. &, J. Amber, r t A. Hiarry Roge*T. Maooo Ud. A few oplesR wiboboudby HaVday, in momeco extra, price ., 2s, London.Bolls ou Datly,1 E86, t.trest. SuperDroyal ilims, bandeomel boud in cloth TT~H CHLDR~PaBIBLE PIOTURE-BOOK. g3 raittn expressly for young people, and illustrated with 00 large Enrvng ymodern artists. LondmnBell anad Daldr.186,Fleet-stir inst pnblishes, 12mo., c0lot. ~100paes pric i., ps re 'IIHAT IS EVIL? Positive, Compvrative, and TVNegative. Answered In 603 Aphorisms. Lonann, W. White. 34, North Audley-Bstret Grosvenornsoutrs; Slmpkin. Alstareall,. and Oa.: Stephenson. Piper, and Co. : AyloLt ard. Co.,; Einburgh, T. Just ublihed,lImo. clth. 00 ngs-,pre Fis., Ipeat tree. 1~THATIS GOD? Or Strie forthe Masitery. VT Aswerd i tOOAphoism. Lo'loo W.White, 14, North Andly.sreetGroreno.oqe~. ipin. arsall adCo.-;Stephens. son Pier.sndC.' ; yloi ad C. ;Ediburh, .Menzies ; Dublin, One,oyl. d Bmiro., with iltmtlon-alos £1 ls., ~HE KAFIRI of NATAL and the ZULU TO. OUNTrRY. By the R1ev. T. SIIOOTF,R. "A fall and uns affected de2cription ofa vi,erymrmarkable rice. - Athenceuim. "Pleasanly riten ad rm Prod Ten tertaining by numerous wasodotea an tre.-tornlnc P ost. HStanford. 0."er -croes. This ay one VOL. leo.. cisI.n. ETCE DANUE and the BLACK SEA: Memoir T3.on their Junction by a Railway between Trbereavods oid a IFreo Fert at Ruostens!ile: with Remarks en the Navigation of the Danube., the, Danubian ProvincEs, the Corn Trade, lbs Ancient and Precenb Commerce of the Enriine, and Notices cf History, A nViluities, do. BS THOMAS FOR E.STERt, 3sq., Author of '" Norway In 1iSiS-li," do Londoni.EDiwara Stanford. 6, Chiarlng-croer. Now publiUe,petbi. 7HY is MONEY SCRE TeQuestionz WTAutwered. By THOMAS DOBEA,Ator of " The Political Life of Peel,' d,. London. mt.Ed.an Co., 65, Corn- NW ChA StIE U OILAiR BOORS.-Now ready, in smal po0st Sen.. rne nlretp on good paper, and onatly bound[La cloth pric2'0. BRITIS RLE in INDIA. By EHARRIETR To be followed by anuoriginal Work on Art, By Mr. oskin. L-ondnn. fSmith, Elder. and Do., GS, Corobill. In sall SvBa., prim os6., ~ERMdONS onL TEXTS from the GOSPELS ancl EPISTLES for p3rtIcular SUYlDAYS.13y JOH1N HAMPDRI( GUTRNEY. M.A.. Rector of St. Mary's, MesyleboDe. Rvirigtors, Waterloo-place: of whom may be had, by the tame Author, Sermons on Old Testament Histories. Gs. Jduat published, pric es.. 6d. houind In clot second edition. 7JHE LONDON PULi~IT. By"'JA'MES EWING TLRITCHIE, Author of " The Night Side of Loeduo."' Conatents: -The Religions DenomInations of Londnu-tin.etchbeao01the Rev,.J.1.. Bollew, Dais, Liddeli,AMannico, Melnille, Villiers Baldwin Brown Binney7, Dr. Camnpbell, Lynch. Morris, Mfartin. Brock. Howard Hlnitoxo Sheridan Krowles. Basptist Noel. B:yurizeon, Dr. Clumcoing, Dr. James Hamilton, W. ForBter, H. lerson, Cardinal Wiseman, Miall, Dr. WVolff, do. W. TweeDdle. 337. Strand. tiecond thousand.-ls, post free, OWto PUBLISH : a Mlanuell for Authors, Con" H olzent :-Prel.wiuary Remarks-Writing a itsnuatilpit-Selectiun of a Title-Choice- of a Pttbltiher- Modes of Publiiehing-Pnbliahlng on Commission-Value of a Msnuscnlpl.-fllootrations-Cupyright.. Cbofos of a Slze-Paper.-Prlnting- Stersotyplog-Bindlog-AdvIr.a tieing-When in jeuhlsh-RsrriotlngPrio.e-eriewiD-Mgns.. Partridge and Co.'s Terma of Publishinzg--Specimenss of Type and Size -8ypesrous aof Woodnute, do, London. Partridge and Co., 35, Paternoster-row, J ~ ~ an PRAIEOPH'. D 'SE "ic SUGERY.By H&YE WAT Esq., Surgeon to the Central London Ophthalimc Hsia.adti Mary's Hosoital, l'a ddinxtoe . 3 . C urchil. N ew Brigo-tet Just published, prioe ls., 13 stampsf by poet, tN the CAUSE of DECAY of the TEETH and NJthe CURB of TOOTEhACHE WITHIOUT EXTRACTION. By DONALDSONAYACKEENZME,Dentist, invento-r of anew de5crip tionoof artificialtteeth.22 1 a,Sav lle.row, Publl..hedby Chu rchill. Juat published. 5s., O1W to WORK with tho MICROSCOPE. A 1,.PractIcsa Guide to the Use of the Instrument; the Methods of Examining and Preserving Specimens, do. By LIONEL BELAT M.B.,F .R.14, Londoo,Xcohn Churchill. Dr.ROW onINIGETIO, 1thedi-tion, Is, GiL, NTEROUSDISESES Livr and Stomach Corn-. of 3 yean' padtts, y G.ROBRT RWE, ,D.Also, b2 On Soe Imprtan Disaes o Wome sodChildrena. Jodo. .Ohurcil rATEAL CRVATUREo h PN;wt .IJ New Method of Treatment for Securitng t feta eoa withut he ecesit of nosanty lingdow.ByCO.LI VERRL, s't, MR CS E Sugeo tothespial optl odn (a Ry tIhBD Medical Ap^^E.plication and Uses' OnGoutOand RbeounatismB, Prias, O60, D. Alm London. Henry Renshaw, 356, Strand, In onC vol., price Se. I MAL MAGNET ISM and SOMIXAX A ~ BySthe B,v tbomSoa e ADOL,P DIDIE. T.C. N e w y . T o b e h a d o f a l l ct , e l s s ; t a n d at e A nt h o n ' r e s l d e n o n - N a volS., babod. Bluated prpri cc £2, N RAAIeIHER ELETENT ACTIO of COTElfY. I ci ngh t he ACplication o t S tI e l tnx te n Arts. o . V oL 7 dIntrc taby He rY Wya TB , B ,AH, C.g , F. C L ndon, H. BR lhidr publisher, 219, Regent-strett (bN t th TEAERUTICbsbe ATIO of. OXYG.', Intractable Dieae,,Bys. B. BISRCH, NLcstt0D. Lo' in VdonyuVasu 219, Regent2tr9et, and Htruss. Ea st-str. Bnr trlgtton. Brtilore. The eightho editlon, Svo., Cloth, prioeot. bple Mts. 4d. 4 T TBBEATISE on the ANATOMY, Physiologg, and AD Dles ot tbo URETHRA & EidDey ier, BandOter. aud ote ra 01 bth SxeN ithPrwtcm R;;&kz o ~pefioErptions: t, ithalcil is Saded a Chapter on tho Nature and Treatment ofS'p.ermtorebma with Alltuiona to the Arlossoes devise to rrod uoo o nee dies b aaat the tooseRtivoeinvalid. ByJOHN GUY.l Member ofthe RoyaloCol.. leqe of Surgeon, L oent ate,go . usH,lcoutia, Er,.2 219, Regent-egeeti, edition (the foarth)b-Jnst publish epd, ho D13 O bp,*c G tre Is. 4id,, CIN TRUE and FALSE SPERMATORRHrORtA JwI vlth th a lw to the correction of wde-pred eror,e in relation to its Nature, Consequences, and Treatment, Tratslated ifom the Gert Mau of Dr. Pickford. To which ig added, an "7 soa Nenou Dev bM bythe Mor "The editor hin senforrodagrtbo g l>"t2ng thes Ediok. The dlffereo.es htweentruea gprearTabon b and thevarinus forras of disease which reweable Itara smibed, and thus a Wet guide is offered for the, aoonrately e Insldy.'Nedlal ircuar, L Ba&e. troatment Ccth maladed~ Crculr, H .BaSliirs,210, Regent.t-stet. ]WOKoil STRICT1EK..-Nw ready, fourheiin rc 2e. Gd.. free by poet, 2,. 3.i, ~TRICTRE ofthe UETIAl, &C., PR.AC4. TIO&LY CONIDERE, itiha Decription of the Treatment appopiae t eer knd f as. Iy HOgAS BARTLIM, iLiw
SALES BY AUOTION. Sn'W".-roeho"dBuildling and Aowmmodtion landl. M~ESSS. -,INSITANLEY have receivedi instruc. tIonS heOm the Executors to BELL by AUCTION at the Xari6 p.r Wsda.-rday, Den. 9, as an entirety, or in aix lots, a valuable FRlE., HOLD PROPIERTY, consulting of about 20 &areo of building andt sce:nrmmodation land, pleasantly oltuate at Lower Tooting. in the g:sson of tilcham, about 7 railes from Lonidon,in the coalt y of Surirey, Baing a frontage to the hlgh road And adatetd to the erection of sen. ciomsen's villws There Is both brick earth aud gravel of excellent quality. Printed Dariticularis may be obtained, 21 dayis previous to the day ot bale, of George Breee, Resq., solicitor. 24. Sssrtey-street, Strand, W 0. : at the lc of Bae; and of Messr. Wirnstauley,Ptaternoster.row EAI. * paeticla may also be ha.d at the George, Balham ; Plough, Claph0am:, and at the Mlitre, and Rising S3un, Lower Tooting. St Doa -ae The mueissi Furniture of a Bcardlg.-heue. h%US~S. DEWV and MATTHEWS will SELL by .1Vj AUCTIION, at 23. Burs-atreet, St. 2daryaxre. on Tuesday next. as 11, the miodern lrUItNITUItE: conerlts;Ig of mahozany and roe0. wood chairs tables, conches, 12 goose feather beds, bedhteads, bedding, oheffonier. carpets, looking. glasses, watshea. hooks. engravings. kithebn untsnsils. Sto. ataogue to behadtof the auctionxeers. 12, Bulshopsgate without. IMR. 0. FURBER ~will aubii to AUCTION, at cava Funottion Mat, atoosnaew.tme. ita nWensa De.R. t12Fe1. SND Srr-ugDELL byO8E iuaeas sa'e tabe hPratemi res Is. ;o of enssrs. Covarerdae e,Puvs n Coller.sollilos, 4 Ilslfrd-rw nd a thoaution bliee,Wrik court, Gray's-Inn, W.0.~err R.'~ TOZER~? wil SELL by AUCTION, at13 'rte,oTsea, Ldecee,berl lonTb,iat12. thec. 3UsirIOLD Follw N-ay TatE onsaregcopien eTCvf UL ERys IReoisse or th bnd, drawin, aond nini rom. Te bedin, th curains th arptets, candloingt.an and ala.gneshad t M. Hery'soi ds.oCraernhienraes,0 doazewaen sidat te ollce of he actineer 413a6xourd-rtrt Bgoordsb,rS,-6 An iossnoner'sStols,unde anAsegu antdo te bogeneat ofe 7JR. L. AZER will SELL,by aUthisN aous 13, ILVI CeWreed-at, onLuedayell, Dan.1 therdy Dec.A Y eod folltowrngay, amp.1 os. n tm large STCaoper'DR' INonlyIDOY arntd TOt, ca onetotl. Works 9ve oO 05 varoues nWrail,t adRomerim.0 vortice, cabiet and o otmes Blogr,ar0do, bical DiuttouW and volind Nairas,0 rs scanalreWsy, 6 owt conch bolts, 151 Boibseo n cross eauePlti rl and other h Anes 13 oze drXoa WC.s sCs'erl Paws 1plaerav, 1s0 decniot 'LsexeicorpCner' onlru, 5 dozen. cuBey do. OnttA views therslay Litreviuse,an &cetlea h inerltion (rawkis tl..o ofMsc t I ar Rv.R R. Werdeltot IlBELL Noos ors,9vl.: Fossuols nmH-r 1 oe. ;Secoyo Roe'silGrasla Ditonr. 2voe reeived'siPstrnucariar,s rots.:ShesZELLoby. 28TIN vol.;Vstsnry' Gallecryno d Rebu Spigger-9 Ssxssn nooks: Clcet.-rseoOEe.ves. :uar Nionl Moxiaon Dtcmbon14at 1, f or-I.a fewiey Ori.nsa boLL rsTIANseotancientatd odrne, I &o. GS P.oossner, ate, I'uzted compisioeWnge,xandpart ofth osolFr- nuns,l N at then iaraembVoing, Dent.g 1'o.udenoi,. CHgericht arzfel faoue withfenanrc nlVJtion Iroesgthe Executors of the lt e. R.B.n 'Emerrs,AextonSeLr byandiI V V on th Daremie, ond Wtedncietsday, eebover 2, ati dayso 31. a POItrION' c-aofu, a - h peie;ad theHhEODFR U e, aoutce 210 ens. slieor. pabsd gods,':I glass bans-ltrmodine.taadbefto4 1e5 dioze etwne, '.3Toiol psintl.ge nd renNrains. Imncludng aopairof tie sl,sls by POTl,pin,hERp,Eahoany sideboard.I arslrine drwes BhaDs,tad bythemrpIecades frsto e BELCyAUCTIO'Nue on the pe rrmise;atth Wninns; o-r ofMessr. Tuesaylo, auctioneer and aurvsyur0, ~JrR.GFORGE ROBIN~ONhas receive 4tat.cvredwition iii.10 SLL b AUCION,at te Osery of esr. Sprigge, 19, Lowe Beol'.sret -frosenorquae, o Moday Decembedr14r to lS furlp'ecselr a C LLECTIO of-banci tenad modeern PA.IvTiWIIS frmiiasCentres, rempsDeDn Dxaupe of La(af EVanSRat N. LoEIGHn SOTHEmBYan Dany OH M IIIod NoSeONgebutoerlhtofrnltrary A.pet Kand oksilema Grxivehof; N.eLu w~wl SELLrby ArUCTIeOd SathertloB,S loloirlog ul-length Porraitso ona, t offh D~slnecmperor, Alexande foelocs. edcataogues bred eny the prtexmises and vuatbteoce LIfRMRY GeroftelVr RoIneon. W.01). CendbetreeDt. Deno Ladff h lssiborasy SalarieaofIorbeig Cand egli6lat,rs gya inde.crludngsonealIoo deOdronMs.IID &c-opyI men Wilifb Entlinshen,Ns.r,snn, andth oters.aU aent atnctd by M eessrns. handPler oftoeLL by LAweTION onti theia rItaea. Wand sgish oetsryoaud,romaTuesda,Debsiogarhy, at I. 003b vieltvredIs beiauyiandly urnIsh DedvieR n( bloaog uds,habouit 00 doe b.,n.5 t"de aim veery o houce crimpsonro. edosSocpc Fln- elOe ihbo, lath.Bargecores, catrlCarmdiemas genist's, esusit temrs n east-n rote erusehenro plans, wth vale, ettomof I,bo. cati,arest. betihyall.eenosr,do. Myb iwdpirt h el R.Ctlge may beL il Ehad UTIN on theprmesofhericaleds o 1einLonon;es,ad bof te.o auctonesy, AmericantNuser, TW yON-W SrAr . toasr uangos.cvlabere Libary ofth lgtoan hervy Rev.t nW. van Cttihd tonyreage, tw.D Deaedpantofs Ltheenl ai'sff. re ut ii,v andRS heS. flEIHon EeSOflgtHEud band JOHNs.tw Jba W-aeiLues,N sueithin iaeers of adliterarys, oie tc-rnd worsaibllue trat-ive of lthe,tu acre-utswiltmSebLL bylAUCtIOhN, atntei conVerts, 3 Wr-l f Ll gs'.sseo pioend, cuanMonday, t th nofildecemblewor, and oldv folwingrdals, at 1 psesloly thck exatenyive and valuablrieLBrA,rYps Of thelat Vew-ry Rev.oWe aI) Coadders,.i D.D.. Dseanuo hoarses. Tayhe Cov-wal manuscrIpopy ofi W,inglof sfe' Catngloshuersito L of the NwTsa ment sod f e osnsadPite o6f the r0 itt ad onLwe atiquprerian ItaLand sad ng,ls oetftrm andfromtrancs iograpy, ton. Mheybe. viewe Friday Stendx bered ayok previous, an ct ratcareut hand; lOntherx efromthee,bonredst of four aotanspa. redr n ipox oitdw To Wh, ouei,ghs CmithIcas, FBrwanigr,pCoetratos, HCarmen,bsudsFss eourter udms -East-rn CountismsRailwa Cloearan ofAl E, Fubotto of. 'N ryeUCTIO, a aov h Pe[ez, on uds t, Nvme 3,andth VAf towon as watrns overe van,w10 liht ahold otheav ~uersiene vanEX uritAw nsto, altonearriage tw hmewa;ed heetns,atry eo chaie axletretonso a aivi cSO, andohel. ura qnnitycres f lightme wbnel reghvytharns, touo chaIdf-hinniues, wdechina nI ahrets;Iandeighs. evefets.bNcB, Tetehsle oft-eost's lathe, rcrewctllngomachie, imlemnts, witll bouwdconpte trsmtha tsl.Wof,tothllesauctioneer,sIssat Giysftee lOldin. e or n l calbls,ma-urts, casksfannladWers, Hmand icor usFul h:_orses.maybeg vs-wo day oler nd arinlig ~ Soie.is n Caaoust Iehdo h 'Aolr.r t0 hester stet, nTima. Deo.ninetou12eto andine lthe1 premi of FREEHOLDsa.t BULDIAssoNGFr assNi o% Residency.situate rieWaltd bar l,tre SeVsots red WStockn, eande OIth gureatcareicuandmattentio Ir4ot the Mherds ofthe mIt.emindalleeer Inq. slicsitex. 14 wtousedow yrisdeBp, ro: Cast ioflos. autiwerusiang mlaemet, Householdd Esu. deceased.L latehold.Dfer Beet Hossex. istO X .DA hsbe favoured with inat-lln oSL StiTH fo th mFinues, thewholie ofthoSuteror, SbukrEX-, t OTOL, byp oACTon. te Premies, ont Mondfuraay, No ember 0, and wihCr crSop, sisig N1 head young cart-tvers, I9 downtrheet.an Thretogs awllnthe farmin Wamlrateents necssr l ur the of thevatloeof hoIst f6enltser.arit cine, ltifranti suloexlrlasesetets.a of.9. TheAra thol low theundteknwth portion2 ofa ther anuplenso, U bheo sreold on te Scat plsnton o he urloer Returbinton,8dro. ofCITE Bsiigsocinstiucted bothers. seet SELL ni EA il EL by AUCTION,othPr" . pcr aor.ubton hil IRt'.or, Thednrday. Dee. 10. At 12I nine 1 'lots, 1 Ptho suveof FRurEEHOLD FUILRNGTUROUD most eligibly co ltuixraho alty barmeot aw d Arabifond, estMain, andold Fendig. Partd piculahsmAyhe. haDy atd the,Msrt a of 0. .chesdalof rae.,solcitrbl, 1,toD eshiture. yard. BsC.a:and od lbabs.raucti neaer. l mbatde,oratodrawd, B. itie z tale, B wztcy ler n enryrbletop,fne-platetw chimex,and conole lmand t1e ini. rOHN ti. ldesaN8to caustbeen faouryxendwith dinin t.bl sr,lhtana frm thieboassine of ahir. coeared Snttwon. zbutrupt, tSErLsly pslsother AUCTiON, satlth Mbarl, ofbnd'Ihomda,lyn 10,u aten 39rh, inLwolotiigS.rPNVE.WLLN Sctts ors in1 vos and a z. plangeHous witheCousrnaedShop,isiglee. richl oto30 icandchsinea sceetreiet,. adnsi cheeliowine. Inclhudesing WalteCr sret, asd lietynandofiterale doz.fi £141 sk;te. periannum,itiafryas utexsi& two tarersLmeof 998 eas.a t,rou low semundtren ofd~ nueou, perfoannm MalsboThrewed.Freeht3oldDwellin Hom-tyes. citysinmnd of trp'e-t,ctfo&era 21-Creet, o the esImator IivalueofV£4 Iu.ble riannum.n V Lewebole.adFpar-tieKas ndcodi ti t o ale kr oft sluoato of o . t. tEdwards, Req olStaiona esg.s Basnsh E.tee ofMANDEWsS. Phipta'sdreceived, soirctitors, Gr-aromhs th.e Executor of t. s o i,Re .obletr. amel hRobleytodisub. ofa,k A. EWaltr,dfr..o Thuotrsa, Chuch-brow. Lmhn at1 occk the Vinnorla Bo LEA En nfear thellpsowetn ndo h auctineer HOE Am-R lane. SrsorI. IN1OS. oandnl,staedrotyODst n termlitiaof te Loaon urbitpom, Srrey. adImeitlyc 1%/)J B.to t. CnostT hiuou instruc ted bywu thEpoa Treumteeos t Ivil S!LL by dAUCTON conx on the PremientstatSpnruce ure.aSotiuobtsrs a Lr-psoft and tradelasd thser'IadvantgoodIseidmee lady erSanshd murigaseInp wrdbemaoganys chst tbei orodrawehs. marben top addhtothert asslttd nosslIna chamerls apperndaesyl hadoeBDrcouawigroodsit Iangeo tale,ywith Ies nna marhble top,banecpltehimey Iprandceon hsol gattea, tems-giroverdy.Anefort ombyatoolrt,ceottgediEtate,bywell adaptd Co. the (t,nngoroo htincludestablsLeut, of cpital mahc ansy resiodieg lno rbieds ans to tl otherIcaritswsallHotl,randy 0 hPandoelyfcibou1nd osod` Awp riv, IncludiegsirabWeFtSeottds ertding11 Itsvole, d0)Ox. laeeand, numergouspd e arotiles, rn dichly cutaglae,nd chin servdices :50po3w osivtconwise,uncudingth Prat,l~arete, aindualy end f irnf te sad.on. on had atp thenine pal iculinartnsis two large summer- t houesA crdon Mart:nemfss,and numvereatuanefAeltn. Maybessiewed,and Oaalngr.s iando 0r. theApreis;1Mess,suvyr.ndliszta rth'aers, accounat,2m.Ilg .Pporfm.-Valstable Estre,ehld ghtfully sehldueates,oa mothearvver- ven eouan y twtos, Raolway 8the o Epswtbm Raboi iwa eSaoftion. ar ketr.kofn ad prt-d on Thursday,mdancambyrd3,tatuceO'ock Gethear ando0Sthl-a RUSE cLmwandinft elot ircl ppet h ESSRS. BUTCHER are favoured wFith instruc. ftiot rom the Executors of the late HeDry Obamberltn, Esq to SILL by AUCTION. at the Royal ifotel Norwicb, oa Satarday tie 12th day of December, at 12 for 1. in two'lots theuadercxention~e irsportast and hlgbly valuable PROIERTY, sitrate at Tofti Snaks, AirtehY, Haddisce, and Wbeatacreo AR lainto, in Norfolk, a rich fertItllsitylet. Lot I. A capital Mansion. with atable3 coach-hose, and oflices, gardens pleasmre grotud8s, bailiff's farm-hosse exceUent agricultural building, 6several cottages for )abourerm, and upwards of 325 acr*e of superior arable, old pisture, and fie glazin8 mnarsb land and thriving plantations, lying excedlngly compact, In the pa lolbes of Toft Minks, Aldeby, and Baddiscoe Tbe mansiou is surrounded by a'out ES acres of rich old pasture land. weU studeed wtth ornamental tio,beg and 5or3 oUsI oak pollauds. It commends pleacing views ot the river Waverop endadjcen contr, ad crotlnaa eodntrace hall. din in rdt doa g rooms, eacs 24ff.by lHODO e alsy. aupparFittingroooe.gent 8 men' drssig rom,51 ed oom, wllsS dessng closets, 2 servants, a tes.watr-ocet, utlr'spatry ecms ndbeer oellars, kitchev n,du 80D,mt offices.The gardens andBpleasurerounds (In which is an Ocan r,Ii pIeces of water) are tastofull laid ou ad partly walled-in. purpees. and Beabosne veceels ore continsypaIg temeoad from the pert of lleccles h rxmt ftesaIn tAdb n Hsddiooe lso ffors Immdiat acoee t geealrli cm n. Wood-bill, neow Gulldford mnd'Riply, SUrreY.-Valuable Treelhold Re- sidence, With Skabliag, OdlOesPleAwure Groonds Gardens, aud D,sk:. like Land, the whole containing 28 acres, withlImmdiatepoeet MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRISTl ILbeg to inform the p'ublio thatithe above FmEHOLD~ pRO. PERT? was NOT SOLD at the Mart, on ]id.s h 13th inat.i and m '3w now be treated for by pidvate connt-,lde .tre, Wiltalie.-Fatrwoo 1300ad Qaae a iioderat.Wlzeaandelegant rCesidence, with stbig adn,pesr ons vd ornamental park*like paeatusso er30 ce,wti w mileas of the Westbusy Junction Sation onteGetWsnRailway, and of the value Of about £1,30ernum MAESSRS. NORO,HGAT TR!STbep! iV to inform the uie htteaoevlal FRELEHOLD ESTATE was NOT SL,ath a.onFiate13th Inst., and may be now be treatdfrb MaeCnrat-llB3-teo Th vaubeMoro lkasoi,i h ounty of Earts, thgesQensAm erlo atstrmusoir andi several Cot- TUESS NORTON, HOGG~ART, and TRIST LVkave recDeived instructons to offer for BALIf. atthe Mart. on Pri-I day,Deo.4 In 4lota~,the valuable MA.NOR of RICKSIANSWORTEH4o.. Lot 1. Will coMprise the valuable Mafnor of Rictmanswortb, in the cunty of Hecms, together with a court loot court baron, quit roue fines. neriota, rlghte, royalties, &n., marltet-house. market gROund stallage, and protits and tolls of markets, with the right of Omitna-ting the OccupIers of liee alnahouses in Rtekmanawortha: abzoa Su extensive and vs,lLahle oommon called Chorley.wcod.soonmon, with various detached pIeces of waste laud, At presenit there. are babt 19 copyhold tenauma of the manor, holding lit estates, 119 herlots of the b~eBt heast or chattel, and thie annual value of the ooPyhold property Is about £2,500. the qunit rents amount to £9 lIe, 3d, and free rerte £ 17 its. 2d. Lot 2. A valuable Freehold Beerehop, known as the Queen's Arms, situate in the town of Eiokmanawortb. Lot 3. A Freehold House and IPremIses formerly the BrItish School, ritoame at MIlualend neearsinctmaneworgth. lsubec tofa !;inurty dfiethe ~vlifco Mn DaE,SS liitrs NORTOamNt-, oe WeGGA Toitr ofd TIhmT belwsaq.. Srewarvd o trhetMansor ofBrlformAnLwrt at the Msrt,o dand o Messr. a12Inoron, lotgs, and TrIal,L62, OlVuftsoNdsteet pealutanl thevdersoneoOeeihhase of Pray gd 3 opErtyGof th valEEof nounafE , frS.00.a;4 e NO TO , ROGaRbon fo d T10,arIST alls byae rlceived insuranction to7off7 Thre SLE atenhe Mat,onso FRIday. eo.p4. atn1. inoedlot,; thesebiolUTd houe, l2a OrIatexpectant on the HdeearseofatlDynIaged 3.to Oe-EIGnumH SHAse. hofd thoue flown P1srOERTIedrds,qvar.: Ae motgpeon les.and at0pe Honsul.w, fo1 £0,00,Es Ianstk ( &prc s'wa perond alor £1ur0niteured a Particulate may he had of Mesers Laery and Bridges, rolicitora, 19. King's Arme-yeryd,MSoorgate.8tceet: at the Mart, and of Messrs NortoD, bEsogel, and Tnlst. 62, Old Broad-street, Royal Exchange. Slinoriee.-Valuable hbbon and Dwelling-houses for Investment. TJU ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST L1have received instfuctions from the Executors of the late B. Btandring. Esq., to offer for SALE, at the Mart In December next, in lots, THREE capita and subatautta! SIIOPS and DWELLIN-HOUSE, sItuae Nos50,151and 153. MUinorles, close MoAdae eido Modera.I the Ciyof oundyofrnwbefovruo finesS everyT14 yers) GAt udRent, and lT upon ?aY haveo fecived isroin oofrfrSL.s:eMt rreodadTtespretbe troenrty. ladt ate rentalsd, amount-ingth toehr onarlyeuo £200 pr atugtn num.l Maly beu vieed ande paromticuae excofellent ma keq..vo Meslctorn Mowb, resce nt Minesorbesg pat the thaluable o Lrehoeter annTdh-e abeta13 mlandta fredeemed,tneamr Melton Mborrars on the count of BlorItlesteoeserig. opat and j nEstR of Otwo N fam ROuGeGAilifRT -uli, andTR T plant. aven,n recivducinsrcinst ferfrSL, at the pmTtlwrnas nlomart, Freehold andumTithe-fe rpry landstaxpaleo Tredeemzed,statle in theo paisesnof Nerther,l y e Brogatn, andOd aby abount sixomles fro tuheim exceement motrketytown aflieeton intbrayt In atfie poringy part ofL theaBcount ois Presentrert,Aayb iee and abut1lmle arom otnham,o shut 050Yun acreofuseu daikwsy andasrabeet land, o intrsete wiJ. ment, l -to. Mdary by proper, daneage ando a Notrant ch Goudbyrush mm Slowbery; at the George the Fourth hiotel, Notilegbam ;le Lion, Nether Droughton; at the Auction Mart; and of Messrs Norne Hoggart .and Trist. 62. Old B3road-street, Rtoyal Exrban;!e. Valabl Frehod ildng ane. near thei Harmow-roact and within 2~ iles of Paddington, ESSRS. NORITION, HOGGART, and TRIST LVI have received instructionis to offer for SALE, at the Mart, in December, abort 30 acres of very valuable FREEHOLD BUILDING LAND, land-tax redeemed, situateo on the south ad of aarrowreadbabout 3i miles from Oxford-street, enad within easy distance of the ~rost Western and North-Westem RHalways. The land lies3 toether, on the south side of a hill, commanuding ext-ensive views, and exceedingly well adapted for any public Institution requiring a large are o exeniveeruad. r fr enealbuidig purposes A plan of theproert my is, ee byoplcaionat heoffioes of RenryDawsou, Faq, aebteo en srveor.10 Flsbuy blacso eurMes*, ren, tan~ ad Mssr. Nrto, oggct,andTrit, 2,Old Broad-street, reiiay AdyruBemoneLt-Valal rehlbroet,osters11treetInd Old Montague-sre,Witcae,Prodcn rsn Rentals, amounting toehrt pad f£0 er aunum. 1SIESSES. InOTN RGAT and TRTST 111 have received isrcin oOfrfrSL,a h at early In Decemeer, in nine lut,a valuable and exteusv REOLD PROPERTY - comp)riing fv shops and dwelllng-b.ue,slaeNs S. 3, 7, 8, anua 9. COeboro-street; the extensive Distiley wlig house, and Plrewises, Nos. 4 a6nd 5. Osborn-street; theToeHalt Savings' Banlk, No. 6, Osborn-street; spacIous Cordae'Yr, Dwelling-house. and Premises adjoining: the ArchesPbihoe and Girt-shop. No. IC. 0sbomn-street; and three Deln-oms Shops, and Promnises. Nos. 2, 3, and 4, Old Montagule-stet h hl Occupying an Important area of about 15,000 feet. Athexprio of theo present leases the rentals will be very considerslyicraed. A d,stafcd advertlsomsnt vwil appear next week.-OldBra-tet -Ryde. Isle of Wight.-Deslrable ResIdene,wt ossin MAESSR.S. NORLTON, Ho(;GGA and TRIST LL have received instructions to offer for SL, tithe UMat. in December, wvithout resEtrve, a valuable PROPERY situate In Weed-street, one of the meet healthful posItIonis In thetonfRye Isle of Wight, comprising a commodious and substantia eiec known Das Argus-house, having a frontage to Wood-streetolife' with garden extending 100 feet in deoth, anud well ada~tdfrteoe Potion of a uoderate- sired family. The proDertylsnhe dfothreiu of aterm ct99 years,subject to threo livesaIbut renewablefoevrun a fiuel, and to a ground rant of £15 per annLum, Maybevwdan partleularg had 01 WPm. Fisher, FEsq., 19, Doughty.atreet;PB.lon Fa,q.. soicitor. St. Thomee-%t%eet Ryde; atthe Mart: adofMs,s LNorton. Hoegart. and Trist, 62.t61d Broed-stseet. RoyalExhne Warwick-square, Newgate-atrect.-Freehold Hm n rmss ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGAX,an RST 13, have received In'tructlons to offer for SALE, at the Mart, In December, a valuable FREEEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSE, situate 9, Warwick-square, in the oily of London. It adjoins the Prmises 03Of Sir. Manning, stercotyper, and contains four rooms on the upper floors, a geod workshop end counting-house on the grouind dloor, an-I cellar os the basetoar,t, In he,,d, but forteerly let at £10 per annum, Slay be viewed, and particulars bad of John Pbilpot. Req., solicitor, 20, Moningus-Atreeo,, luseeli-equare; at the Mart; aind of Messrs. Norton, HRogart. and Trist,0, O2 ld Broad-street. Royal Exchange. Stapleton Cut near Bristol. the capltal Residence 0 thf late Bs of Glocester. 13jrSSRS. NORTON, HLOGGART, and TRIST LJhave received instrurtions to offer the above valuiable FREE. HOLD ESTATE for SALE, at the Mlart, early in the spring, ink loin, unleasstho wholeashould be previougiy dieposedof by Private contract, SMay be viewed by ti&leta, and particulars shortly had at the White Lion, Bristol; WVhite Hart vend York House Hotels, Bath: of Messrs. R. H. and H. Clotton, 3, Whitehall-place: of Jamies Marotent, Ewi.. Cornstreet, Bristol; of T. D. Caltbrop, Esq., solicitor, 7, Whitehall-place; of Tho.. Hoit, Esq_, solicitor, Glocester, at the Mart; and of MJessr. Norton, E ograrr, a nd Triat. 01, Old Broad-street. Ito-,al Exchan)ge, No. 141, Shor,dlitcbhJRih-stet-Bck iure s,an.Uenil ot a Cheesemonger, Houesehold Furnitue useulHoe,Cat, Harness, MTR.PETR BOADwil SEL by AUCTION, k.YJun he re Ire, onStodas Noembr 10. l, a the STOCK in TRAD, cmprsin ebese buter baee,ham, prt- lad, c.;the Railway Stto.Spro Odm torEehd F-ntsu ad Rilrcinz.-Arl oe ~AR. PETER BROAD wvill SELL by AUCTION, M.3J on SI-a Promisea, on Tuiesdlay, December 1, at 12. the suDerior modem HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE - comriDysing meahogiany fourpost, Arshisn, and French bedsteads, bedding, chests of drawers, wash. stande, mahogany loo, dining, and occasional tables, sets of chairs, cuouhes, suelcapeis, chimney glasses, engravings, bronzes ; a walnut-tree drawioDg room u aite, a very superior line-toned pinuoforle, ohms, gloass,kitchen reql8ltes, endvaurlouseffects. On view day prior. Cuitalogues on thepro ises. or of the auuttioneer, 26. Poultry. Claxemont Cottage, Hrharn Wam-nTaees one mil fomthe Railway Statlon,-Commodion Cing Reidnce, with Grounds, and tbossessinn PTRBROA&D will SELL by AUCTION, th Prmt-es. n Tuesday, December I at 2 precisely, thje 'valuiable INTEREST Ii thu AGICEESIEN,'T for Z,EASE of theo above commodious REISIDIENCE, for a terma of7, 14 or 21 years at the exceedingly low renital of £40 per annum. The house contains fouir ocurmodioss berd rooms three reception romse, and ample domestic Offices, coach-house, stable, do - standing In its own grounds of abouit one acre. May be viewed. Partisulars on the premises, or of the auctioneer. Ii, Poultry. FrtrssWns and Spri Sale, inceluding superoPrtan sherries in w-od and bottle. very edHnessBod,1 er in bottle, old Brandy in Weedli . Chmpg185oUreere Sae, 1UR. PET ER BROA ilSL yACTION, LV at the AMart, on Thuraday. Dec. 3, at 12, the supeirSTOCKI in TRADE; comprising very fine Ports and Sherries,inhgbadad queeter-caskz, leari,,g eome of thro moat favouritebrnsadshpe by Sandemuan, OQarlrs Harnie, Forrester Burmester,Topo n Croft, Slartine7. Mously, Ac, ; about 200 doz. ofveysprool Ports and Sioesltes, chMoi c hampamne Claret, Stre,Pot ht and red Capp',fdne olid 1051 brawn'y, 0 cares Hernnes'aebad,1 years in bottle, Ste. Sample bottles may be had.Thwieansprt tastedtiwo days dveisto the sale, Catalogues ha ati,Matorf the auctioneer, 20. Poultry. hNersSaw-mll Ii1aohlnory-TiO Butiders -andothers-. fESS1ES. FULLER and H40RSEY are instructed LU,by the Truso te iBEShLT,Lby AUCTI(N, In Iota. on Thiursday, December 3, at 12, the MAI CHINERY and STOCK in TRADE of the Saw-mills and Builders'rastablishmeot, sitimat at the corner of Willow. walk and Crlimsoott-street, Bermondrey;- incluidIng en iron doubledeal eawing frame by Horn, a large-81ed'eliron sew bench by the same maker, a direct-action st-am engine of 12-horee power cud Cornish boilIer by Horton, briebt shafting, riggersanSd drums, leather baudg frame and cire'iisr saws, smith's po'tnble forge, atvyL,and tseta, ste%lu clue kettle, 15 benches,vices, grindstone, scaffoldct ords, blocks anid falls, ironmongery, emffold boards, tows ecast on spritnso, t,ro Igh carts, ladders, quantity of deals. battens, and boardls, erection of pilig stses,bricwor, lit an fore ymp, office funmiture. and ethr efecs. o h viwedon he remoe.Ite machInery Iu moticul on Weuos-ay pevieo tn moring f sae, hut, as a clause in the losepohbtsa ae yautinonte reIes He aewl ebl Ti IroSfoi,nd ltre,Iron ees.g; and Others. ESSRZS. FULRalld HORSEY Will SELL by AUCTION. on Friday, Deo. 4. at 12 o'clook. on tho P-emlass Nos. 14 and 16 Lower Beler-,4v-place. Pimlico. the PL&NT, Tools, and Stock of an IRONFOUNDER and SMITH, includiun two cupolas, about four tons of ttssks. a variety of iron and wood patterns, two forgesand belows. smithb' tools, foot lathe, bench drills, vies and benches, two home-power high-pressure horioatal steam ongiae, an assortment of black ai,d furishbing ironmongery, fdxtures, and other effects. At tbe same time will be offered the Lease of the Premiesr No. 14; Lower BSlgrave-place, together with the Goodwill of the Bu3l. ness, established 27 years. May be viewow the day previous and mornIng of sale. Catalogues acid Dartiolars rnay be bad on the premises. and ot Messrs FFller and Hoor-vy 13, Bililter-street, B.C. Important Sale of Oak and Teak Plank, Oat, Fir, and Fim Slabs. usa Tops, and other tsror,his Materials, at the Northtl--1 Dockyard. M ESSRS. FULLER and HTORSEY are instructed r toSLTL by AUCTION, on Monday. December 7, and fltlowlog day, at the Slbb-7ard, adjoining Norshiest D,irkyard. Northdete. Kent, in lots. 10,000 feet of Foglish OAK and TEAK PLANK, 10,000 oak-tops, 10.000 feel of oak quartertre, 2,r00 fathoms of oak Blabs, 200 fathoms of fire-wood, timber whimn, 3 dobbin-carts, 2 trollies, 1,010 feet dres-ed elate slabs, G50 feet York laudings, 200 feet Portland stone. 4 Dile engines, 20 toss wromght and cast iron, widlansq, 4 Hlayley's blow. lug machines. elepbanb boiler. 2 cast Iron pans, 200 feet of wrotight Iron shafting 10 tons old ne-achinery. 10 tons foundry boxes and cori brrelJs. 1,004 squares prepared Sooring boeads, 100 tons contractors rasly, 70 palrs truck wheels and oxles, two tons higoum vitie, 15 mstmakers spars. three nevw elm pumps vith brass chambers, aud numernoun other effects To be viewed on Saturday previous and mornings O sale, v7hen Catalogues may be bad on the premises; at the priuciPal lops in Graveesnd and Rochester; and of Messrs. Fauller and Horey, Billiter-street, 11. ToWIDenererchaets, Gentlemen, Clubs, &c, R. GEORGE RNIGHT is instrueted to SELL, A5J. duilag the month of December. in four porti ns. to afford timd for delirerv. rinwarde of 3,200 dozen of first class WIVNES, the first portion of whlch well take place at the Mart, on Tuesday, December 1, at 12 for I precieely, without reerve, to m;alce asvanoes and other continuenriss, comprising fine old erutii Ports, from two to nsI d er-s in bottle, shipped by Kopke, Lainbest. Kingston, and Co., and Sands - man : superior port, recently bottled, Quarles Ha sina's shippIng ; pa%le, sold, and brown sherrlies shippe by Misa Garvey, Burlon, Gonzalez, Diuboes, 11armonly, and MtousleNy- choice old claret, Flouchae Prars'n shippAing ; sony fine sparkling charApage. Iu quar and pints, Ramsay's shiping;choce od paeCooac rand, t re ueniagno Vineyard ProriccesCopan's hipin lad Hmsa's~y~,~.Samle Special Notice -South Devon. nosy to lKingbl g-The boaritl'ni I stafe, known as ItLnkiand Tout Saifnt. With Its tlauion, Task'PIE aLure Grounds, Plarotator s, and Trout Etre,. The Manors Bucirland, Toot eSinlts, alnd Goveton, and thelialtOn and Knightc n Ectate a, cominiting several Farms, thle Villageo o Govaton, Co0ttages lAccorL rodatlen Land, Capital Mil. and valuable Slate Qnuares, tOswhole COntaining an area Of about 1.J2 acres, asid producin a gros rental and value ot albont;£1,610 per annua. XS~RS, PAREBROTHEE~ CLARtrand.NLY2E w,AJ.ke Ino infor thvalu htateayfrs'llgteabole PlrotsT by privateg ootathsbefetrdit n rneiely w____CTbeg oIfr OFRathearrbwaytsIn the mboni ofT Decmbe SOLDatfsd.Sol the autix etGazraway's ono hedcarrded ost, he estaterpill e, Nov 27. Wessu Ken -tInbl Freol l blrd Gule ERarldencWar ~JESSRS.FRBOHR LR and LYE ,Jbeg to intom th ihl ta h bove ES&TDENA EWSOL atte ion, lat Garaaye,enWe onda Wedest. ylanno , andc mynowb rso lc,Iov. 27. in Tths cm ia odr wt oeoe 1IESSRS. FRIRTE,CAK n Y MY.beg to inform the thiota h aoeBSDN ewa evnt SL au t teo utin at G eraa',o ensa et n CotaycnowLbe tretedre i rvteCnr-acsgalc,Nv 7 Veropesirable ChurchPrfemet tecubnara 7t&-Tmies rNtet Cravenialno thes eat orl o W dda Walerefo situwatebtwend eihtefrmelr n lo;wt capitolaesidentce, adense. Globe- Ctand es,the, m in t thee reanul ncm aneaproduin£700. ta MIjESSRS. FARFIBROTHER, CLAPRK, and LYE berg to inorm the public that the'above ESAT as NOTSODath recen at L uction. at Garraway's, and may now be treated for b rvt byorivtacntr-Lsctsaster-plaoe. Craextn comflSationg on cpthe Shrenrowihgadn and Heeoralway. and boeigtefrgm Acromo'e astle o Tndp,in and logeatReridence tetOlVeOfInc' andiugarm Premi oses, num ers wholeno ofmprincipallut Cofttages, ado.o thewoe cnaininuaau of600 a00ealandpodin ah renptual ofrabyofuth£0 er annium.fhs Hrs MqESSRS. FARLEBROTHER, CAK n Y wOL ea uthneAuction,EL at Garrawa 's,an rony Wenobesan Draedcfo by piat12te chit Imco-lanat Ver aL.RPETpnwna h Eoth Ridyng I VYt rkate ihiretz Halsey Hal reu etaner ner Normal, itMabu mleso,fomrisigm cTpital ansion, withgardes3 andm Soffces,theo Te o, rrpoe Mco seve r rmN"talrn8atln ver doe F ot-ars,wthr cApital anhtometas Aro ccommodbu Sation Ln, andth the ratdelbupartranche otillate nluin nga er eatby Pubichofert th woe ditit omm riding abotenv 1vi0ecrwsan of tl Cveadhea annua vale of £1,000,aluo the Peurpetualf ICuraby oslf te, Liv ping og tEas Mansie noey. o p-ue ko as larley instrucotaiignmrued oSLLabGraam'b00xWednesdynxt, Drac.g di. gat t .bre hi astrGomepo irtet ry,Htudy,PRPRItbe m nowtanl asmthe taiooiey tfsllitstfato.1 wihites manbes or rehntLed anorhersordsh situ.r atel shot Rpmlesur grom Tindkuninea edrmYauctu 13d vrziomdtoktn-own- ees, sngieventfromeNohaeond otthenrenrthewallorktch-Esern Railwnay. anduiwt frome wthe gepery Staudo o the ooigFarm an knlowny bheasi othate line, mtabver heailthy ansetle bdigstrc, cn aommendin acestfreve ieRbl oferthe usveabdhleo, tue and wohe pituesu ineihan,ourthoo o Matedy arnlvale, compif n the b ounded.on oresl b h an r ivoer Weknown asepdarley Hallh conitainingidnucerou belargd chamber,exrelen drawings, adinmg,acd realofsarabmslelad ead,eoWdy,an.ain the mosamplteo dof e- Edward Treosanmer, at r ll eroo doumicnchReutebrewihhomeatead othe 130lacresofpiaurabe arJdnd gamlaned, n theocuptionoflyThvoslfo ilawn itho mat idcen periceuun an TorftthandhWbscwatte kitohn gaodrelean dHems withsuiabl andtiDro aiurteultuhaobildingo,adshot9 acne ofS mre-o andr4a ceofable anddmeadow land , in the occupation of Mhr. Sepr, tSF edwrd auenumer a t £30 Acero annumm;odetion lo,et with hoesedon 130acrswo areload grassI th lend,gin the occupa potion of wbThomesozacs touen, at£0 per anntunRsidenrceoi uBand oWihatied withe gocdoryl deoce. gard taiug g:en, an syeraricultralbd li, and 2ev3 acres of ado lad.th hwol oot Sisiuacre ofe Acommod0ation. Land. let wth thle o ;M,90 per Inu the viullae othegre$atemorntio ofl t which hobe toth estate, inluin thoe eCate aend B thelpes and Blakwand-Public douses: A convernient Residnce =, esa0l brsdas thnxene Rectoryin Rouey, with setepwng,tatioen, surjchad and shevlience of teicmbeadowTh lsand.I itho weoledomrisigoan areado 00ars, andlwU iut flof th varkenof £1e00perill annum the a antnua ofutgeonwe tMiounat onVlbarto witbias deemied, AfGovernment lomeand ofa5t, hoe, bree expeotanded,o udr aeithilte last p ixc coneare. Alo thekeperpetualcurtcy If beasttua-Itoy,uwithd next tre v ewsotion.esobjeveltd thellifeiof the inooment slhes estate os itheoettedw by goodta oroder,and lowge siuate horve marets,x nesdel wIth atherig imprvin.g, o tenlrgn.aiwa eteatbiogat Wlor wiethnle cttle adproduce cmponveyd t o magrkeut, re The proprty is oeaun-fcl udoulbted, fddrtieiewsy o the grlsveland bea iab, withn a the pod r soli prietor has for the tact 40 ye&ar spiritedly and suiccessfully carried ouit every Improvement which aglcoultnotal ccience has developedi in draining, en1larginig enclosures, improving hedge-rows o., it i ur,reweTay to say more than that it is aeknowie;dgec to be one of the finect and most perfect estates In the No)rth Rtiding, The proverty is bounded by the estates of the Marquis Downshire, the EPAr of Haresood, the heirs of the late W. Maulevorer, Reqg., the Rev, G. Coo r Abbes, and the Ilnek-nest estate, Ma%y be viewed, and particuIlrs. with piano, hind o-f Messrs JessDpp and S3on, solicitors, Dleshy: of Miesers. Swaobreck and Son, solicitors,Thlrsk - the Golden Lion, Nortball-rton ; Swan, Bedale; George. Yarm; flinc Lion. Steckton-npon-Teeq ; Kingso Head, Darliungio Queen's Head, Nqewoastleo; Waterloo Hotel, Duirham;: George, York ; aud in London, of Messrs. Smoedley. Ro rs. aud JeIll 40. J eromrn-street; of N, C, M,ilne, Era., 2, Hercourt-houildinga, Temple: of Meswrs Frere Goodlford. cod Cholmeley, 6, Nowr-equare, Lincoln'8-ino-deids; a Garenway's: and at the offices of Messrs Parebrother. Clark, And Lye, 0. Lasraavter-plece. Strand. Valuable Improved Ground Rtents, amoanting to £itO pre-r anr bsseolni ouit of several residences in Bedford-place, Ruaseti-sqoare, MhuESSRS. FARE BROTHER, CLARK, aind LYE iJ are Instructed by the AdmnisLtrator of the Ltae Captain Street, R.A., to SELl. by ATfITION, at Garriway's. ron Wfdnesday r-ext, Dec. 2, at 12, valuable IM4PROVED GROiUND) RENTS, being four distinct rents of £52 lOs. each, amply teenred uponi Noa, 33, 30, 35, and 36, Bedfordl-place. iwith ztabiasj, between ituesell and Blooms, hory equaree ; eech hourse end stabler are separatel under-leased for the whole term loss 40 dsys, aolI held foe- 940 years, from 2hBchael,a-ea, 110, ise 1 aysat goun ret f £0 pr nnum for the whole, leainga nt iproed roud rnt f £00Der annum, most einde- Valuable City Frenohoads situate In Gireat Carter-lane, Boll-yard anal Great Knilght-rider-street, Doclooae-commons, in the rear of St.Pal churchyard M14ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, anid LYE? XY h ave received intsisuctions to SELL, at Garraway's. on Wednesday, the 0th day ef December, at 12. so very voluable FPREEaOLD ESTTE;, comprising three dwelling-houses, Noe. 7, 8, and 9, Great C rterlan; ;six bosses, Nos, 1 to 6 inclusive, Ball-yard -and one house, No, 14~. Oreat llnigbt-rider-etsest; the whole adjoining and form.ing a valuable, and large area of property, extending from Great Carter-ae to which It has a considerable frontage, the wvhole of one sIde ofBllcrd, inecluding the Bell Inn, and fronting also to Great Knight-rider-street, Doctors.'-comrsonr, sod In Imumediate conltiguity to the largemuer-cortlle establlhhmenia on that side of St. Peril's Churchyard. PI'dcipally let on looses (for which premiulms were paidi, expiring in a, few year s, d DroduoaDg a present rental of £430 per anunrs. and of the annual value of neatly £200. The property may be viewed by permission of the respective tenants sond partlijuars hart of W. A. Crreatorex, soicitor, Cisaucery.lbms: at 6arraway's; san of Messr. Parebrother. Cek, cue 'Lye, 6, -anmeater place, Strand. Valuable Rect-rr:al lithe ttent Charges, amoauntin to£ N1 Oe per annum, loaning out of Land in the parishi of Wacrt In tao ceuntyof BSeosr. i ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARX, and LYERNI1have receIved iasseructioosofrom theExesutore of the lateChairles Rae-dewey Hitahirros, Esq., tW SELL b- AUCTION, at flarraway'p, en Wednesday. Dec 9, at 12, TITHER-RENT CHARGES asnonattog o £21 ln, pr arsom beig prt o th rectorial tukher arialagfro abut ,90 aes 1 lrd,sitateinthe parish 01 Wadhurrst 1810ES2 R lb F'ARttBlROTmyHe ha ofLAR~Kin, aod MLYE "'J ill SELL, at ilarraway'si, on Wednesday. December 9. at 12, by diremtien sri the Ercesstora of the late Cbas.tOardaway Hitihinge, Zrio, TWENTY-TEHREE £IosaRAES (alipaid) in the AUOTION MA&RT, Partholo3new-lane, nubt the dividends accruing due and receivable in February next (in 2 lots), well secured, anad free from sil encuimbrances aind liabllhty. The dividend i for caveral years pret have beeo 41. ls. peaennum per share, with an. occasional bonus. Particularsumay 1:o hadIf Macrry King. Esq.. arlicitor, Mahyseld. Hoerst-green. Secret ; ef Hersre. almer. P'almer. and BiLl, solioltors, 24, Bedford-row; ait Garmi,way's ; and of Messrp. Irarebrother. Clark, and Lye. 6. Lanmettor.plees, Westminster, near to l'arliament-street.-`Valuablo Freehold Invest. mentaproduoing £133 per annum. 71ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE M3.Lili SELL. at Garseavay's. on Wednesday, December 16. at 12, In live lota, FREEtHOLD INVESTMENTS, comprising Ove brick-built houEes. twrn with shops, being Hcs. 17, 18, 19, 20, and 21, Lower Crown. street, Parliament-street, Westminster. starcning on the alto of usie in. tended Now Government Officee, let to yearlY tencants, Droducing £103 per annum. M0cr he viewed aud particulars had of B. F. Watson, Esqi.. solicitor. 36. Ltccoln'e-tnn- fields; at Gerraway's; and of Heserr Fasebrother, Cbeiar, end Lye, 6. Lancaster-piece, Strand. Berkeley-boors, Spring-gardemss.-Noble Family Mansion, with Uoamo- houses and Stabling, heldI direct fromn the Crown, [with pmseassoo). M ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK. and LYE are instructed. by sths Executors of the Righat Hon. the Earl Fitrbardlnge to SVfL at Garrmway's,onWedneehsay. Dec.16,atI2 luoler an ceetaie ffr i peviously made by private contractl, the L4A.SE ivsrhorsoclolof hecapital FANMLY MIANSION,. distirgaishel1 or Berele-hose,Speieggardtens, peculiarly adapted, froms its contig-aity to te Husesof 'arlemet and ttho Government Offices, for the oscu. patison of a blinister o1 State or a member o1 the Legislature. The mansion contains noble sutites of reception rooms, dining room, library, and maorning rooms, overloolsirig the Mall and St. Jamea's park, beveral principal and secondary bed chamhc rc, and servants' apartments, spacoiosm eutanco-hall and stoneo staireaee, with all requisite domestic offices; a range of atabZing arid ocoach-hooves, withi ciarriage sweeP and entrance from Cockepur-+etrest. endsa gardon In the principal front extending tothe part, The woolsehelddirect fromthe Crown fee-stermn of yearsaatanmoderate rent. Mlay beviewed by tickets3only, tobe ebtamned of Me&,rs. F5,rebrother-.Ctarir, and Lye. -namster-plaMeof whomi particulars may be had. Particualars also of Messrs. BoodLe, Daviesstreet', 1erkeley-squaro ; and at tiaraway's. Va-luable Freeol Rsdnce, Buckingh*am-gae cloe to the Palae, anud overlooking St. Jasses's-par. IJESSRS. FALREBROTHIER, CLARK, ard LYE MV, are instruoctedl to SELL, at Garranay's, in Decomber, a valuable FRBEEHOLD ESTATE, comprising an excellent brick-beunt re-. dense, more dellighltfully situcate, No . 21. Jawee-etreet, Buckinlgham. r,te, overlooking Mi. James's-perk, and close to BuchinRharo Palace. Itcontains five bed cbomboes, a dressing room, elegant drawving room, with French windows opening to balcony, P hack drawing room, and a msmal third roomn, library, Clning roomi, the noseesary domestic offices, and a garden In the rear ; let on lsawe at £300 per aunum : in ronceLluence of a lamegooutlay bythelessee. May beviewscibyleaveof the tenant, and particulars had of Messrs. Cameron and Booty. solicitors Raoymond-buildings, GIray's-inn ; at Oarevawy'o - arod at tire ollWors Mmesrs. Farebrother-. Clark. rind Lye. Lrencs.terolar-e, Strmu,,1 The valuable Advowsor of Qlamberwcll,6urrey,~ 31 ESSRS. FAREBRtOTHEi,CLk, and LYE havo been dirocte by the Tret ndrSewrir ofI the late Jolm Long, 15sq.. to offer for i3A E, at (a 'Ays.i? n bDeember, lerclozs an rocceptable ontes is made by rivate contract,l the very vnluable ADVOWSON ane RIGHT of PR SENTATION, subiect to the Sb f tedncubet,t now ared 03, of and toD theVlCAAGEot CAMBERWELL; together with the reeretltycrectod vcerage-house standing in lts own grounds, oppsite the church,ane d in agproached from the lawn bye Po-rch onP nce, opening to a Ed pciOn hall pared with stne, good recepptioa rooams, dining rooma ed ibranJrt3y, numerous bed chambers and seravans' rooms. gabod domestIc ofrcoes lawn anid asuregrouds, awith carringe drive and entrancegates,. l'taevicarial wthes s sre 6dboncommutedfo-arent-charge of£,10 re-annum.ouit of,which there is rent-chtrge of £46 Os. dars too Sl. Panl',s HRne-hill, The ground rents arising from thleglobeladlow'l several cpepasl reasdences have been G-oeted, ori art land. upon wohth terrace, Stirlng-row, amid Berinwswok.saitvre. dividends on monieyfs in the funds, surplice fees, do.. maike uti a gross income of £2,337 Os, 8d, per annum, as foll,w- :-Viearage-houae and premiset, garden, ac., of the annoal value of £150 rent-carge in In e of ttthe, lable to vary with the averge price of ro-n, ead with the quantity 1 marklet garden ground In the parish per aunnm £1,100: ground remt arisi-G from ebe lend, upon twhichl are the capital' reAonce- Ncr, 1, 2. 3, 4, and Ios. 70014 indlve oS vNorth4-errace. leased at per arinsi £210; ground reto O5Nrth-terr:a,slae%Ed at Der annmmm£11 2-.6d.; groutnd rent o q..6, Nrhtrra ce, leased to the late Mr. Fraser at per annum aT gonront,tiso'ing eel of six capital houzes isr front of thee-oad M I trng-plc, let to) lr. Stieling atI £130rae Panunum; eona rent for laud at the back of North-tee-race, and Conning part of Bruntwirk-siquare, let to Mr. Hodsonn at £117;, annual p,ymanst by the Soc. rey Canal Corap soy, £20 ; estimated asmssel amo-unt of suoplice fees, including interment feec ferim the (Carnbere-vll Burial Board, shbott £400 ; Interest on stork standingt In the nanie of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chanucery, £4 Ba. 3d.: Easter offerings, estimated at £100 per annum a £900 Exchequer BUil (anid also £121 Os, 7d, cash) sBtanding to the credit of the purob serr tune-asers of the globe land, in the bonds of the Accountant-Gengee of the Ubatst of Chancery for the, purpose of parci-hcis.g freehold land snd hereo'tiamenti3 in thep pais of0Cambere-wll, produalng the abncunlinorme of aboet £01; The Nsm-nbead Csrneto.-y Pays to t4e Viser l-. 6d. per heed, for rommoo interments, ansISc. for familyvaults ;endthe.Norerood Cametory pays 12s. for family vr.ul'sr, and Is, pee- hoea for common intermento which average anr.--olly about £10. Total £2,337 Os. Sd.- Ovugoings, h. rein charge in liel Of ilihea, liatb'e to vary according to the average price of core, granted to St. Paul'a, iternra hill, of per annu, £2 Os.Sd. estimated amount of poor and highway jates, property tax on 5itbt8, ho., absent £165 ; t-euths, £02 Os, 6d, Total £213. N-ote, The Trustees of Qrseen Anu'ei Bounty advanced £2,100. cowards the erection Of the new Parsonage-houes (i,500c f which nowremvioe dvoa. tbe repayment of whdica sumns iishtargeoentce, income, tuntil discharged, end is ps,yable with interer by aznnual Paymoacts of about £130, lessening i toamount every reae, The land-tax Is redreesed, Particulars may be bad 31 days prior to the sae, at the AngeL Oxford; Black Bu,(ll,CabrIdge; Teesre.Bourd30ons andGonning,V$ Ge-eat Wiechestr-atreet city; at G0away's ; and at the offlee of Mgso"Sr Jaruehro'hee-, Clack Rce Lic,d C. neaaWstPlac Hemefedash e-The Lynnls Court and Searwood Ectate*; in the Paglihes Of ]kardisland and Pembrldge, about sim Mile from Leo inmater, with, the oeeiden o and Farms,X .uut-" g together about 80 ases o _ .h h Inlgateutor de lan a ho several Cottages and aocommodatlon land in the villaje,1e whoole et - a -eni 1inOmSwith capital OTHResdne xt ,-Fr OLAmLeaand LboE omntrc. daptedS, Gnformtion of had a thes Preices iLasn FoAen.wih apital R-esient'prc-e,etanie Fr Premile Res,ideaou i ndmfalyaa ted oeheerionE lsof frt-ca vila, ein withion hala me ofthe arnE y Statloui.and 20DmInutes of LOndonsL 1iMeSSRS. FAREBROTHIE, CLARK, and LYE mare Instructed hi the Rep entates of the late Tho, Rhodes. s to POSTPONE the SALE of the aboTe E8TATE ntil the enouing sprlagsdlng arrasUementas with the Great Norther Ealwa 00 m.- aster-elace. Strand, Nov. 12. urrel Houset, Bloo CW. Cart, and Effe i;uctloee,.80, Be T lFR. DesByE2ffAM will cSELL, on the Premises, as 13kabee.on hurda net, ec 3,at12, the HOUSEEEULD heUirN 8i3ttEcomprising wthe nasal camber a bPpendage disiog and other slet anehouirs, ebe^f}ib i2er. aintplanofr.eull-saitr hi/itordt harnes, and other usaeful jot,.V O°n vew theday r.rlor$ ad mCorningOf saile. Cataloguesontheh premises,and of the auctionee ne ride MJR.DIEBENHA is intrce,b order of the L High Court of hauey, to BELL, at Ma D. 9th, at 12. in twolol the Taluable LEA of the capital BUSIeNSS Ruare.S-N.e . Billloegftharcet; compising an eXtetITe ground-dloor shop otir warhoue, ane rooms above, held for 20. rear from 1854. at £0 per annum. l e Lease of the Warebouse, with the asmement and Cella, N-o. 4,Santionucourt. Lower Thames-etreet held for 21 yeas trom 1819, at a rental of £36 per annum. PartIculars at the Mart Iof Mrr.(lesrge Coriwell, solicitor, 22,aollege-blL,OAnnonustreet. of r. Daln, soliclt3r, 181, Piccadilly; and at Mr. Debenham estate Offices, d0, Cheapldne. ForAbsolute Salaug ab -eac,y gentlemsan Rdeldeuce, and half e 7 ac of garden, with poesesom YtR andUR ])DEBENHAM will SELL, at the Mart, on MIiiWednesday. Dec 91, at 12, a thaorouxghly well-built and convenient detachedRESIDEICE, in bomplete order.andinredinessfor humsdia,te occupation, known as Dymeoke Iodge Oval-road, near the Hampstead-road Station. The house Is Surrounded by half an acre of wel-a Estocked gardens, affordLsg snace for _,tabliag. Held for St 3ears, at a moderate ground rent. Particlulas on the prmises; at the Mart; ofUEL Minett, Es., seolUcltor, Rses; of Messrs Smrt, 16. Southampton-street, Bloomsbury.; and7of the auctioneer, 80, Cbeapslde. A Net Inoome of era per annum fobe eavr iy a h equa to 6 a t rod m,st,,ith the Revesison to a much increasel Retal. DEBENBAM will SELL, at the Mart. on Ii . Wednesday, Dec. 9, at 12. a capital corner ot IeDENoSE with large walled gas-oe o No.! Wellin tlo-road, St John's-wood, let for 30 am sfroml1843 at the in-ajaquetorental of £10 per annum, The leeee _undelet the house at £70. Hold for 82 Vears direct from Walpole Eyre, Esq., at a ground rest of £8 Ise Pasticulras a' the Mart at Messrs. Newbon, Evans, and Newbon, LWardxobe-place l)cosba'-com.- mo's ; and of Mr. Deb41bam, S. Obheaside. Valuable Freehold Ecae ertect fLno n atr on ties Terminus, ofrerin rlasinet e constantlners, ng peu-rstsbleem71rerA"o3ah mer'ets aldtF in alu, o a inecit franetensive for erolol estabIhet 1MAR. MOOREBENI will S EIsLLby T, at the on FRIS Wedneed lay Dee 9. at1, i2In two lots, thie extensive and i- PREMIE, No. 15, White Lion-street, c Otanertin- o a capital pDved warehouse, boiling-house, esutin.hose.dwelin roms,stabling, large yard with &rtesiant wel, hvin anampe sppl ofpure water ; the whole coveing an are 016.10 suar fet. n te occupation of Mlessrs Heaton and Ott, xport oilmen, at a rental ot 130 per aunn. Also a substantIal nine-r4ohomed TDwelisghouse, let at the low yearll y rent of £040. Particulars, with plane,on the premises; at the Mart: of . -,Tones, mcq. solcItr,15 Is-lae;and of Mr. Debenhamrs, 0. heapelde. Firls-class Wine hola s, for Abslt ae R. MOOREBENHAM is Insructed b a f-rm of high iA. r-esneetabililty, compelled at onus to realize a large stock, to SELL, at the Mart. on Wedse.day, Dee. 9. at balf'psst 1 preclse'y, about ff0 dozen of choice WINES. selecte4 'with great care, and priuci- 7 f'-'-Ah h me,including Ports. Sherries, Marsala, Bunellas, wcc, Oapagne, and Claret, also cTereal quartes-casks of sherry in bond, hi a favourite shipper, and a. few dozen of fine old brandy and Scotch and Irish whiskey. Samples may he had orn pasmient, or tasted at lbs Uiwe of sale. and at My. Deheuhain'a offices, Sri. Ch1,an4o'l. Htn-tetweet, BeIgrave-sqnure.-RenefisialLseoth coos,- mieet family Residence, withpossin MIiESSRS. MlANSELL and ELLITT are honoured .iT.with InstructFsng from the Representatives of Ilis Excellescy the late Swedish Minister to SELL by 'AUCTION, on WVednesday, December 3. at 3 o'clock preceesly, (if not previously sold by c-rivaet treaty), the heneficial LEAS3E of the 3'A.&IIEY RESIDENCE held for an unexpired terra of 18 years, from Junte 24, 1857, at £226 Bs. per annum. The residence contaiaa four servants' hod rooms, four beat bed chambers, three dressing rooms, two well-proportioned dreau ing roomas, conservatory, large dini'ng room, library, and morning room, and verygcoplets dormestts offices, The premiees may, be viewed by orders frmlMessrs. Ifansell and Ellolt, austloneer miad valuers, ISa, lielgrave-souare, coroer of Elalkin. tlace .W, and 16, Comuhll, E.G., who -ae authorized to aed the leas 7y private treaty., Halkln-steev wear. Belgrave-equr...Vanbe HRouehoidFir- lure Chmne an Pir Glasses of ag ieos Console T sble and lass Euh Cabnet,choiceMruteeWadbs and Oommode, Orentl an oter (rvasne hn,hn dsome Table Chineand len' endusefuil Eifet. ~JrESR& MASELLi and ELLIOTT are favoured LVJ wih IstrctIns rom the Eepreeetatives of EHis Excellency the lat Swdis Mnisry oBELL by AUCTION. on the Premsizoi, NO. 14 Hlki-eteet est onWedeedsdy, Dec. 9. and following day, a' 1 Pecsey, hewhle f hewell-mnanufasttred FURNITUItE ; cim. p rsin Sonis maogay aed Iron French end anuopy bedsted,, lare qantty f ecelentspring, hair, and. wool manttresses and other beddng, ine Id mrqeterle wardrobe, chlests of drawers and coinmodes, mrl-o i other washetaride, and the usual fittings of the bed chambes a aNut and bluie and gold colour daneek drawiec room suite in sofa,, ottomans, couces, easy and lounging chairs. sat oe chafirs, rosewo3d and mashogany loo. occssonnl, and s.rd tolol0,, muite of handsome chintz hangings for four windows, two large chlneney glasses, pier glwases and tables, console glass and tasle. buhi cabinet, bird's-eye mac-ba and walanut Wellington pedestal drawers, llrussels, tapestry, and Turkey- carrets. set of Spanish maiso;Fny telercope frame diniss tables opening 15 feet by 5 feet, Spanish maho;4uy Ieestal sideboard, set of ii mahogany dining room rhaire, ea3y antre,m 12 feet handsome licanish mahogany glazed bookcase, library taStes and portfolio cabinet, eli ant china dessert and tea services, dinner service, richly ruit table an~ desset glass, complete batteris deo cui.ne, and valuable effects. May be viewed the day przeceding and morningg of sae, and catalogues had On the premises and at the office, or Messrs. Mdacusl and Elliott, Auctioneers and miners, 13a, Beleravesquare Icurmer of iialkla.plaoo), S.W., and 16, Oornhll. BO.C adH aiknte t e. Retsrave.etur.4 dzno irteaaWiss5, M IESRS. MANSELL anid ELLIOTT are lin- LY.struted by the Rerresenintlvest of His Excellency the late S.edish MinIster to SELL by, AUOT )Y, exn the Premises, NTo. 14, Halkln-st,-eet west on Thursday, December 30, at 3 precisely, thea small cellr of choice WVINES, comprising about 10 dozensaof pale and brown eherries. four dozens of Mladeirs, eight dozens of chamnagne, 80 dozens of Ohbdteau Laotur, Leovile, and Lafitte, and other Oalarets, &o. Simple bottles of the wisie and catalogues can be had at the offices of Messrs. Mansell and Ellitt, auctioneers and valuers, S3a, Betgrave-sqseare (corner of Halklo.placo;), SW., an 16, Co,ruhill. ft.'. MRilibiu !,easehold,. Remnon-street, City-rose. 1R. W. GLASIER is instructed to BELL by A' ONI'l, at Garraway's, on Tuesday, Dec. 8, In two lets, TWO substant;ally-huilt prIvate RESIDECNOES, Noc. 13 and 14, Re: mlnqton.etreet,OIty-road: one let to a. respectable tenuat at the low ren, of £e28 per annum, end the Other In hsnd, Held for 87 yearsa direct from the freebholder, at low ground rents, May be viewed, and perutrulrsbedc .R ekly a. soIci,6, South-square. Gray'sin tG rraway's; and of the auctioneer.4 , 4LObaring-cross. Fimlloo.- Desir.blHos.wtSor l R.W. R. GLA.SIER is Isrce oSL by MLIiA.UCTION, at Oars-away's. on Ted.De.8at1fo1 the very eligible and eubstantlally.bullt RJJE o8 seboksset. P1mb,o let on lease to a respectable aneepniletnn,a the very low rent 0 £of pMer annum: andhedfr8yaratalwgon rent. May be viewed, and particulr a fC . ekly o. solicitor, It, Snuth-Eqnare, Oray's-Inn,,tGraa'; n ftese tIotneser. 41, Charing-cross. Mderton-road, Wandsor.Fn sidtce il eiee, suitable frOcpto or Investe, 1IIR. . B. G ASIER is instructed by the Mor-titt agee In ELLby ACIN at Gesrraway's, on Tsaday. DecembnS. n fur lts,FOUR very deirbereaf-detached VILLA EBSIlieoyps plasatly situate in the Merton road, West-bill, Wandssrth,each ouseontaIning three bed cooine, two sitting room kithen o., ithgardeni In front and large garden In rear, abou 10 fet i deth;held by leases for 299rears. at low ground renn, ay e vewe, ad partiulrsm had of Wlliram Sim.E Be,,soll- archtect, 6 Whiehal; a th Par Taern,Meren.rsd;at Carsa- Shot Tower-wharf, Cossnerelal-rosi, Lambseth.-To Builders, Cax- pen-err~; cabinetmalkers, Coschbut'ders, and others ~R. IV. R. GLASIER Will SELL by AUCTION, lh,on the Premirm. as above. on Wednesday, December 9. at 11 for 12, by dires i-.o,, or. W. Taylor, wo Ia relinquishIng thu retail tra4e, the cap1ital dry end well-seasoned STOCK, removed from Earlo-wharf, Ss.-an; conaist:'g of 180 white deals, 880 yellow deals, 180 yellow planks, yell-aw plce deals, 120 yellow deals said baliens, 280 spruce planks, deals and battens, 5600yellow pine plankrs, deals end.battens; - cut-40 square yellorw and white prepared tloosing, 8 squnre groove!. 80 quae rlit ictchd bardne,10 oadDantzie tImber, 10 load Swed, 70 f I un ie quae. 20 eetrunOak sash rids. 1,1800 fet oak ranlin, oa pots.~05 eetSiodurabmocany in plank,ad 600 feetdito i pael -ne. 20 sallfirpols, 2,OCO feet run ;cNllow9 and Ldmhousowp-Freehelde for Investment. ~jR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, itt the imJ Mart, on Thuarsday. Dec 10. at 12, In one lot. TWO alzxvoomed FREEHOLD EROUSES.!I and 2, WlilHaan-street, Salmaon's-lane;- let at £82, vendor easingz rates. Closet, panned and trapoed, PArticulars; of Mtr. Pendersast, 37. Colet-piace, Oommercial-s.oad, E. ; at the Mart; anid at the aauct;Onror'sOffice', Mllloend.rOad. B. Commaercal-road.-A six-roomed Dwelling-house, on tho Mereors Estate, for occupation.e' 74ER. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the .51Mast, on Thursday, Dec. 18. at ,In wolos by order of the Eeueso Mey-trweet, naStheps RVRa.IwaNSaton: iet datb £of Ter 58do layear7,. llof edrod HHR .RBODHUSS nTitegrv,Mla od WetBromp ton ndS. Aon's-wod-renta l s2 lwaan Leaseholds, fatormivsPis,Ing f th bby Nus tr , 12,S Jln'stwolots, byeordter ofthea Tavern,together with osettge reeldenres. seed shop, and greenhouses Messs. udsn ad Fancs. oilltoe. i,.Tokahose.aod .. ; at ThedonBol ad Lnenon,InEppng orct,and Darsulsam, near Romfod, lsrexFeeeoldEtate forOccu ationad Investment, ESSRS, BEADEL and SONS are instructed by the Trustees of the lall Dare Eslate to SELL by AUMSTMON at the Mart, near the Bsnk of England, on Tuesday, December 1, at 12. in two Iota, a valuable REEaOLD ESTATE, In she perIshes of Thevdon Boie and Loughten, known as the Blaok Acre Farso; oompri3ing 216 acres of Saperior meadow and amble land, which has been thoroughIr drained and ia iDrncloally In head, tying within a ring fence, with a commodionu reedence and sutable out^buildlnS. The property lies near Theydon-green, and is aDproached by eoS ronds, is only 14 miles from Lendon, two mUles fom E ippng, and within three mUes of the Lougigotn Railway Station. Also a aesmablo Fre r hold Rotate, known as Bentry-heath Farm, situnte In the parish of Dagenhem, in tho same county. comprsing 65 acres of xcellent arable lan , lying within a rrig fence. with dwolling-bho aR nd far,-buldings, abutting on a good hard road only two milea from the msrkeo tb)vn of Romford and 10 miles from London. This land hes been recntlp draIned, and offers a very secure Investment for capItaL It Is let on leare to a met I mproving tenant, at £.tO8 per 3annum. Partlo.- lame, with IfthographIc plans, may be oNtailre of Mesors. Bothamloy and Freeman, solicitors, 39, Coleman-street: at the Auction Mart ; andot si eMsrs. Beadel and 3ons, 2.5. r rehhsas -vtreet, G 0. The Ftzwalter's Estate. a m ost valuable property, at S isenfield, In thi county of Essex, containing 814 acres, WIn PIn ring fence, witihsn two mUes ot Brentvood. annd20 mles from ndon, abatting on the high road. and only 2j mlles from the Brentwood and ungatestone Btatons eon the Eastern Counties Railwav. 1 ESSRS. BEADEL and SONS ro Instructed by iSA. the Trustees of the Hall Danr Estate to offer by AU CTIOX, at the Mart, Bartholomow-lane, near the Bank 01 England, on Tuesday, December I, in one lot, that compact amd most deltrab'e ESTATE known as lItzwaltbcr, In the parsebw of Sbeudeld and MYoutneesing, cuieting of 814 4ores of productive a rable, pasture, and wood laud, in a ring fence, midway between Birentwood and Igsgtestonse, at both of which pisces there isa ratlway station. This proues-ty Is freehold, and land-tax redoomed, a lrge yroportion has been rocetly drained under the uperintendence of the overnm ent Inm ter, tho roI Is of superi quality, and the whole estate maybe considered as of a highly orana mental character. It Is; now dividedl Into weveral convoenuet farms. Thie mansion of Fitzwaltsrs, which occupied a sentle eminence nearly isothecetreoftheesate hs benpuleddown but the park-like grouds n wichIt too hae ben resrve, end a mom eligible site lostheeretiss f reIdncecanhadlybsconceived. The esahte Is Woodfotd Bailwa.-Tsro m iles from the lTooghtOn Station near High _ Becch,-Freehold Residence and 16 acres of Laud. IVE SSRa HUMPBREYS and WALLEN re- bIT speilly notify that LIPPlTrs HILL LODGE wa NOT BroadjiDeet, aco , but may be te ad lor Prdvately.-68, Old Bowobhtm, near Rodborosgb, G10ooe9terhir6. OLD S.DNILSMT, O,anct OAKLEY ME8SS. DANIEL OAKLEYrsher bavredr £flnitructlosfo H8m,adO K E athM t,nand th wood Lof .Telreadomoin am house with the convenient fr inse,lorrsctae, nd, 248s. br. 38p. of sourd wheatbeIng rate meadow Iand the whole O8a reol,adIlR wellt tbiteron he banks of teWe n ihnahuds~ei he e bebn oiold Hofs nhritancel, TheO tw Nt tho p- ht favyearlcey dinstrlciaonait,oe witr the e bypio of`iU creO of theKrivntcpIe od nearheBnf the Wieu, whic Tu4are Is ad,I Pat12ularo ma beX hdeof ohnfa . smiuth, facngt., sordlctor. Neeroad and ofel naleastehtold Housf Crow wnhMV, vpper Norwood. oaSurrey fin 1I~~I ESSRS. DAN oIE SM ITH,SO. and~qrt OAKEYbt the trt.tncearothe BNkrdtttofanladoutbsdrys-DcI1 alhetI2 mo and from Norwood Church, whence omnibuses run at froueintfistervals to the city and west end, thus affording easy aoeas to all pawt of the metropolis, The property comprises two eeml.detached belok-botits, residences, onutainng eix rooms each. withi kitchen, &c.. in the basement, nd stblingto on hous, wIt goodgardener; let to yearly, tennts Alo aonestoy cttae o ai roms, with klloben. &c,, stale,grenhuse ad god aren;letonlease for 1S Years. The whoe o th abve s bldon saie fr a unxpred term of 21t years, subenito grundren o £3 Yel ple ed aril-nlars may be bad at theAuctin Mar: of harle Waho, Esq, snlliltor, 30, hSuckler,buryH C- ad o il~rs DaielSmih, on,and Oakley, IS, Water- Middlesee-Gray's-inae and Liquorpood. street-To be -SLu.u purseuant to Orders of the EHigh Court of Chancery, mnade In oertai, mosses of " Conduttt versus Scans." " Cooduitt veraus P,esto. s " 0OUndiit TerMna FoxhaLl," with the apDrobation, of the Vics-Crianoceor Sir John Stuartt the Juidge to whose Court the said cause are attached, by Measme DANIEIL 51(8TH, SON, and JOHN OAKLEY (the persons appointed for thae purposee, en Tuesday, the 15th daiy of Decomber next, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, at the Mart, opuowlte the Bank of England,. In one lot, ATALUABLE Freehold Property, consisting of v one undivided third part cr share Of and in a, certain ablirhouse and Premises Celled the Talhot, sitnate at tbe oDrner of Gamy'sinn-lane and Liquorpond-stret, and being NVo. 67, Gra'slinn-laoe, in the accupation. -. Mdr. John Rattle. Printed particulars and con-. ditlons of sale may be had (grati ) of Messrs. Kingeford and Dorman. sohliors, 25. Iserx-atreet, Strand; M,essrs. Whitte, Broughton. and White, solicitors II, Grest Mslrlhorongh-sereet; Afrsre Coverdale, Lee uvia and Collyer, solIcItors, 4, E*dfordrow, of the auctioneers I0, =Ytel-place, rall-al and at the10 MeloravU,Nt -Dated this 12th day Ot NoveMber, 1857.-rSlrned) Alfred Hall, Chief Clerk Newbald Entatc, In the East Ridingc of York,hire. L1/rESSRS. DAN IEL SMITH, SON, and OAKLEY, Lihave received Instructions from the Proprietor to offrfor SALE by AUCTION, at Hull, In the month of February, this moot valutable PROPERTY, consistitng of 3.878 acres of land principa-ly f,eebold. with a moderate-sized mansion, the village Inn, and noimeronscottages, eon rumodatlon land, &c., togetlier with the manors of Norib Newbald and EHuitwaite. The whole will be divide i Into various lots, including fakrms from 50 to tOO acres each, with capital farm homesteadx anid hoases, c-ottages, shops, plots of land In the s-Il )age, Os,. The whole ame well tenanted, and Capable of producing Is. creaswed rentals, and are occupied by yearly tenants. The lands have been well farmed, and arc In a good naste of cultIvation In a tirsIclass walrcultural district, and In a neighbouirhood for good mar tete. A good opportunity Is here offered for sound Investmnent by thos who wish to fix Capital on land. or for inv-estment and occupation, The property is situate four mUee from the Market Wetghten Station, five snugs from the Brough Station, on the Hull and Selby Rallway, seven from Betverlay, Ui from Hull. 23 from Yorkc, and Is about 12 miles from each of the towns of Dri19ield, Howdem, and Selby. Koriher particulars will shortly, appear, and in the meantime foil informativn may be had of Mem rs. Smithson. solicitors York; and of Messrs. Daniel Smith, Son, and Oakley. 10, Waterloo-place, Pall-nsal, Louis,n. To Bog users, Saw-mill Proprietors, Blulcers, and Others. MJESSRS. 10. and H. WHITE will SELL by AUO- £Y.TIOf, on the Premies, the Saw-mills, Charlee-streek, Mack. frtars,road, tars Friday.ec December sixan4, b hos ower SninTEAgren NG NE byMle,a Le-as owrwogt Irnelepan ea bole byd Ca ITer dels,btesl lns n l theprTIses, cst,Garawingy pCionsesaw-mill withgallere anan oo ove, al2 or thpree dellIng-hoss edodes fr1 er. Myb vithed lande wokbpaiculears,ado etheacines t,Pi ao th etyhl,Lambeth,.ett aLowG er Renziugmongreen aebontosSercnvtm t,Cyi tln ijf ownRS the aokng-h W IToil E LbyA of 17 TICt, Matb Tarrwa',Cne-ly.Cohl,onSna,l' 7Eq, a2or 1prcisely, Lo der talCpHL WLIGO wth learge 10 workueshrop nra, stae1,LwrKoiso-re, the Vestryehat, egmb-treth, ltt ramespeleTenat o C-long stn .dig tio. Snow a teoCklgus a atr. and containwllEL ay depth FeTq ON atlllr Lorrwer ,enlngetonlaney. aorbilh: anMndaofyb Detc7atl 12 for- 15. preincs-ely .d LEAmEEELtDis.GHOS sea sIIree-t,Reget Regent,-streeth, hameth.-Toa smaxlle Cptertsft3 e and at heestimated vandu H o th-0 er s,u. h SELLe brpry IsUw7, site fort, prcisly a LEASO o UerOL zWab6teeprG.HMay vewede Particulars bad of John Kemnpeter, R-.q.. solicitor, Lower Kennington. ,,oe, Xambeth:; and of the autctioneer. 100. Priaees'.srrsad, Lymoeth City Auction Roomls, 19, Grscechurch-at'ee (Established 1753),- Valuable collection of Plate. Watches. Jewellery, &e. 1,R. JOHNSON will SELL, as above, on Monday, L.November 30, at 12, maodern PLATE, in poffes and tea pots, crem eere suar aset,canlesick, aies mg, opal, souRDatyewiey ins'iSgle son teadcllaeuste Prprilatyrns. in,sus MIJR. JOHNSON will SELL, as above, on Tuesday, £J.Dec. I, and two fellowing days. aLt 12, a large aoaartmsnt of SIIIIELL&NEOUS PROPERTY, consisting of aDpparel, Piece roods, beds and bedding, guns, pistols, dc. Among which wnil be includol, (en Thiursday.) valuable revolver rifle and pistols, a first-rate rerlectinteleed pe, and outftt, the property of a gentleman declining to prooce to India; also same excellent winter cloaks and shawls, the residue of lho stock of a warehorseman. City Ancetion Rooms, 39, Grarcbuobstetiesabihe Il l-forrso- holdI Furniture, of a superior desrition; euiu Cottage Pliano. forts, by Also-. MjR. JOHNSON will SELL am above, in the large _Ll Room. on the Filrst Floor. on Frirlar, Decemnber 4, atl12, 200 loin ot very excellent HOUrSEHOLD FURNITURE. cesornisiug handromefou-pot ai Arbia bedteas, ithbedaing, &o, complete, marle-op nd the wahotudsanddresig tables, noble chimney andpie etsse, deoeng.lases,Oleng nddrawing room suits,, Ion. valabl efecs.On ie th dy pevousan monn el,and OUTHGATE and BARRETT will SELL bY lCAUCIB t iber Rooms, 22. F e-t-streot. on Friday eresiog and five fIollowingevosing, the RA.ltOTJRS of ENGLAND, by Tarnor a',d Ruakin. consistinig of a series of 12 Plalee with an Essay ber Mr. Rurahin, or, Sea Scenery and Sos, Effects, artist's proofs. orf whic only 40 remaIni (publabed at £10 los.), and i-ronfs (ouvlisbed at £5 lie. 6d.) - A groat mind hoe as last coo's and almost dteclphero4 lbs meaning of theo surge's moan and the deepses's sho ztof rosanees, Mir. Luptou deserves gre.t praise for his careful and excellent esczrav'Dg of these works. Timer himself wroogbt on slx of the 12 plater. fisihh-ng thern-withL tender caue and infinite elabDration."~-Athanwetm, July 88. 1888 Valuable LIrv s' ae-Clu rawurs, soi _B-ts of -tdruts_ QOUTHGT andl BARRETT will SELLS by t. J AUCTION,.at theIr Rooms. 22, Fleetitreet.on Monday esenter, December 7. and nline, following evenines, by order of the Trustees of Mr. T. Rgove- an extensive and valuable ASSEBrult.GlI of high-clogs ENGRAVINGS, the publications of Aldermaan Sir F. (4, Hooan. Sort., the plates of which are totally destroyed, thereby p-ecludiug the lpossibility of any more Impressions being produced: als an mlxtensire varIety Of choice miorellaneons encrviugs in ortists' lproofs and other stte MOnY elerutIy framel : a large selection of valuable books of prints, and, an Intere-ting collection of waler-colour drawisgs, by emineut artists.C!atalonesesforwarded onreceipt of eightstamapv. LsysTd's groat -Work, ` Thetar i,toonm OteoNiee" thegrauad folio OUTEGATE Imp~erial edition. OUT-IGTP,and BARRETT will SELL by kJIAUOTION, at their Rooms. 22, Fleet-street. ono foodav Eveninz, D)ecember 14, and four followlnr ovenings. the REMAINING COt'liEI of that miost Costly aid valuable production, of the eminent pnsh?i,her. 'r. JonMury LAYARD's "MON1 UKENTS of NINKI'£tg. both series Nurrdlin 2 vote imnperial folio, Containing 173 plate', many coloured, withcleAcrintrve teat. The stock consists of 67 copie's large paper (Dubliebed at £129 OS,) and 202 copies omaiU Paper (published at £M11. The atrentieni of librarans, hook ollectere, and Others 13is prticularly called to tire aobey important national wnrk,sas no other opportuislte than this can possibly orour of obtsining copIes, its great osetof production precluding the PossbiblItY Of its ever being reprinted, Catalogues forwarded on receipt of six starspe. E.lng-str-eet, C-ovent-garde-n.-t'leeGoods.Atppae a~ud miscellaneou Propertv.-Oo Vew lrESSRS.I)BIBENHAM, STORR, and SONwill MLt SELL, at their Rooms. King-street. ltovent.bardou. on Monday. the 30th inst.. at it, L&DIES' and GENTLEMEN'5 ATTIRE, suitedm for the orerwnt seaon, rich silk, satin, and velvet dr peespees, broad. cloths.beaenrcs, and buckskins, linens, cambrica, beds, bedding, carpets, and effects. A Maxine t2hxOnotr 8 o ldan ilver%Wathbs.Sjilver Ta Services, Waells', Spoons and FOrEs, Fashionable Trinkets, Ac.- On Viewv. 1AESSRS. DEBENHAM4, STORE, aind SON will M l,SELL by AITCTIONe, at their Roomsj, on Tuesday, December 1, at 11,1.00 loin of JEWRLL%RY plate, watches, and valuable misoellonles. On siew.-llng.street, (6ovent-cardesn. Nov. 2s, iSt7. hales of rich Genoa Velvets. F-rench Silks, West of EnCland lil'u,sr and Desosrzns, Actime Irish L)nons,'Cahlnlot Goode, Frultxrrr, Table and Sled Linen, aid Misecllanies.-December 1857. 1~~SS'RS. J)EBENHAM, STORR, and SON will MYJ.SELL by AIllGYONI. at theIr Rootsa, throughont the month of December, varied EFFECTS, int appropriaite lots, on the days following, Viz.: Wednesday, the 2d Friday, the, 18th Friday the 4th Monday. the 21st Monday, the 7th Wednesday. the 23d Wednesday, t-ie 8th Monday. the 28th Friday, the 1lth and an Monday. the t4th Wednesday, tbe 30th. The property may,be viewed, and catalogzues obtained one day prior. -King-street, Covent.gardea, London. Nor. 28. 1857. rcooters. Watbcbs and Clcs os ewels, _brlinOnaet Gold Trinkete. and othercsyPrpry Etalhe inheea 1S1l3-Notioce for Deceombrti MESSRS. DEBENHM,STORR, and SON hog MVfiespestfnily t-o sail theateio of the nobility, gentry, bankers~ solicitors, executors, silversmIts n ewles their SALEs4 by AUCTION of valuable pitIPr TYo aiu kinds, Includiing iossLivo silver plate, Sheffield pae tm,Fer clocks, chronorceteMs,watches, unset brlillane emrls aoi,rbe,and per !,damn o_rnamentssd baon re.Teefr h ot of Thursday, the l,7h Tuesday lbs 17d, Thuraday, tbo 3a, Tnesday, tho 22d, Tuedaytaj the Uh ib Thursday, the 24th, Thrrrsniay.the 11th, Iand on ''eo'daoy, the 1Ithb Friday, the 29th. Terms of oorema3tron On the amount realized mnay be obtained on application at the auctIoneers' ofces, where also printed citalorres of forthcoming salesore valwaysreadyfor distrlbution.-Klng-atreet Covent-gordon, londoo. November 28, 1817. Torsinrtou.sq grsre-Fahbloeablo and nearly pee Furniture, a Service of Uodern Plate. Plated Artlels¢, hands-sme China a d Cut-Geas, Table ar-d led lI nen. Wise, and tlcollaneous Effrts. MJ3ESSRS. -LEWS and WALL are instructed by LVL the Propretor to SELL by AUCTION. nn the Premi'cs. 12, Torrlngton sqDar. on We'nesdavy De. 2 and foUowing day, at 12 for L, the slugsot FURNITURE, Includinza lre,wiog room suite in wa,nut-tree and entin brecatellse gilt Oonsole table, chlmney-glassr. smaa. sivo set of dining tables, sidebDard, Brussels carpeta, dining room and library appendages, to Spail. h mahogany. the cbaira in moroooo leather. rich velvet pile carpets, chamuber furniture, lrcludlu. m3hogany Arabian bedsteads, a lady' w ringed wardrobe writs o latejilare a aewd the numlerous other effects customary to a genstleman,8 resid nets, all of lbs teat des-rlpiloc. and ocly very roenlnly supplied, The reetl. dense, in perfect decorativerepair, tooheist. Slay be viewed toe day precedlril's rhal taienti eatalognes ba on tho premises; and of Miessrs. r'lews and Wall 54, Poultry, and Clsphson-rood. Sudhury, Harrow, Mlddieeoxc-Prlms MTeadow Hiay and Corn. poweor- ful Cart Horses, Colts. Nag Horses, fa3t She8p, fine Pigs, excellent, Farmior Implements, lroroit;ur, A;c. P AKER antd SON branng re-lot the farm are in- L.Dstrooted to SELLi by lCIN on the P remises, on TuesDay, ltec. I, and following day, at 12 o'clock each day, the wvhole of the valuable EF?FECTS, comprisings 220 loads of very prime bay. stacks or capitlta wheat, oete. and aeus, seven powrerful cart hors, t;vo colts, a capital nag horse, 18 cheIce bred pIgs, 70 fat shbeep, a fa t cowv, 15 hay end d ung carte, tw o wagKon. sping cart Bennett' wavrah-butt, oxcellent Iron and wood land rollers, bay-mnaking mabnstbu, hand thyash ing ditto, wvinnowrlog chaff, and hay-weighing ditto, rick ples andi scaffold, barn tackle, wheat and oat sitraw, plonebs, har,rowrs,soartiegs ladders, bea3n and malt mills, pLs tronghs, corp blns,lcot cloths, a great variety ot tools hatrness for 12 hOrses. umber, poultry, firewood, and tho furnhItre In tent and other bedstas bedsl, and beddlog, chestas of draw ers, mahogany dining and other tables, chairs, sdeboard, shirstne glasees, kitceno and sulinary srtclrle lAc, Mayv beviewedthe day prior. Ctabloguee had on te peml2a. t; ati CL th auctoneers, KiI hum.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Postponied till Thursday, Des. IT. - The Ge3Iar ol coic Wtn#l df Eward Sex, Esq. dO.seeabc, i.lng at big late LeelGepee iflygal Pitasant, D pal iltapton. INR. ROBERLT REED Will SELL, &t hig BooiD*w Great lsla-lborough.ettcee,byorder of the IxetosaoaThsrr day, Dec. 17, at 12 for~rssl oasnca nmjo,a loDg 77 doz.euof UrwIcok £uIW&*dMrjr0r6Crft2JW d vintage 1847, bottledIS18512. * 12 J ..d(1, Tintel 1844 bottled 1887 al vsra seaI poclofot El" 'LIf: W't a vintage 1836, h04lEd12s and bent's, flarAsou's, and Haftolio,dgl hess; rt Madeira, Lout dozen Clawet, two dozen ~n o ..~ 1 maae. Tbe wines are now lyIng in Ueciaao h eleo.a Pa Clapton. whence they wl edle4t ooaca hwcn be thte sis the time of sale,an ioe is&e~~ eO4Ie by notice prior to Decooler 2 tM. oetRtdsofc,s 8 ra ?.' a'lberorurh.tr,-et. whsere aaoo a ehd Postponed tiUl Tb tae.eiodnvtmi. cwios. R. ROBER BEl ilSLL, at Garrw~iles, LA on Tlhursday. eebr10 t1 o 1, TEBRE PRV&Tp DWELLINIG,% bein o.23 n 4 cwu-er~a iwir.s lot iNo. 2 5t a. grout rnttorpetbeean,atzu -'.. to £61 6s.peanu,ndedfo28ea exidatpu, rent of £18ispeanu. M,hviwdb em inoU, Red, 48, Great hltlhruh-tet Postponed till Thneadcy. Dec. lO.-h,,n.el-tneet, mydi.q e, -ALeasehol%1d tuvest-ent, producina £68 ilex, ~~ar R. ROB OLRT REID WMl SERLL, at Garraway'y en Th4rsday, Dea. tO. At 12 for 1, ab commandinz SHOP And ex4 celient PRIVA TE REIiIDENCB, with stabling. being No. Si, Ans. weil-etreet, at the corner of Rivra.etreet, let to Mfesre. Jawbobe at, £;73 l10, per annum, and hed for 55 years unexpired, at aground renSh Of £6 14e. per annum. May be viewed byPerMnlueln Of the tenans, t'articnlafs may De had St Garrawall's and of Mxr, Robert Raid,48 Oreat tfarlborough-strout. fPo-tpo.ed til- Thurdy e.1.Dito erodPoe la-e0lengtar tMrTomsolInt eesd by order of the Mortge nTusa eensr1.a for 1, a COPY HOLD EEOtSanSOP o2.biorpao,DJ. t.oo-road, near Kiogsland-gate, leto rG*HPie.nangee went, at LIt per anuum, and heldofteanrfHcky.Myh viewed by priEnlslon of bthe tenan.Prlx,a ab hdoR . Raudell, Eq., solicitor, 846. Wele -tet,Caedhoue;. OGarrwafy's and 01 Mr. RobertRed48Get sloubaset Ptpond till Thulrsday,. Dee, i protit rental ot £7O,rADDnsosfr32was M hrdy. December lI,at3 for,aLtAEODP10. PERTY, nomprinlug excellent buespeies ihwr~eam4 private dwelling. being No. 10, Crknelge,ltona reametfor a lease to a raoat responsible tenant, at A. Oe e anm asd hold far32 years tunexpired, at a grounid beto 1 pranm a. be viewed by permLsiouel of the tenant., atslxemyb a alt Garrway's, sad of Mr. R-obert Reid, 48, GetMzbrt~s~, Plostponed till Thur6dAy. Dec. 10 -Fleet.stre,-Awl euerna of;£118 per annum, the property of Uri. Shn hrs 1jR. ROBERT REID will SELLatarwy' Ml byore of the Trustees, on Thureday,Dembr,at1 OI, aLEASEHCJLD lOr1ATE, compritiug the Taubeadetnio ~iyg andCollns a a learrentl ofLI al,e num, and held fron. Mertn Clleg, Oford4nran uexpred ermof 30 years at a groundt ?lostpond tIll Thurtday, Dec. .-r'einaeA nesmn- equal to Freehold, beingbheld forL1.89 aroam nexpiored, t apeppers corn. the Property af :?r Brad ely, deceasd, NOtE. ROBERT REID will WIILL, at Gktrmwajr's, LU y oderof he rurcenof he ill enThurrdvi', December 10.: R.s b hOsBofE..RaT al R eqD w oicio SEL , WteGbeck.e-,., AVlon ThurAday,Dee. 0O,at 12 for I, a LEASEHIOLD semi-deW% VILLA., 11, V10ieria-&rove, New BromPton, tn good tepa%r coriveniently arrs red,andoDotainhingample accmomnnationfor a=oderN,fondly, anti withi tastef ally displayeA garden. The etlinated annumi Talue is tO guinrea, term unexpired 654 years, mrund rent £7. Imimediate l,os"seson can be had anid the purchasernmay athis optiort. purcbase the fuerniture at a vaZnatlon. May be deowed, ParlnicaLsa may be band of John Watney, Req., solIcItor. 10, Billter-auare; a &arway's; and of Mr. Robert Reid, 48. Great ?starorough.street- Poeparsed tia TThurdatiy, Dee l0-In Iisauruptsy.-Re Edward Bad.- win, -Votes for Middleeex and Surrey, a Policy of Assurance, lb Reversionary Life Interest, and absolute Reversions to Money in. the Fonds. TMRE. B01ERT REED) will SELL, at Garryway% by order of the Assignees, on Thurstay, Decemaber 10, at 12 dort 1, In five lote, a. FREEROLD PROPERT,. comPrising NO. 206 Brhestreet, Poplar, in the county of Middlesex, and a housve aMt gl,rden, No. 14I. L`ianstead Uettage6, In the Parish of Baustend, In tha - county of Surrey. let on lesses, at ground rents of Z4 and e2 2e re- spectively. A policy of asurance for £700. effected In 1843, wIth: the.- Victoria Life. Acaurance and Lon Company, en the life of a gentleman powe In bin 62d ;o&r, with the bonunces thereon. The reversionary life interest of the IsaubruPt, aged 84 pears contingent on his sturvvIving hit wife, aged 48 years. in the sum of £2,000 Three pe Cent, Bank Annuitles; andi the ab,soluto reversion to one-selventha of£3,063 3le,ld. 4jCronso. ani £1,.703 9r. tO. New Three per Gent. Bank AnnuIties receivable on the deceas-e of a lady aged 178 years, and also t-s one-seventh. of 514 3s lO. Cnsle,and£41 Ne Theeper Cenxt. B3ank AnnuI- hando weesa BakeFr,niturer, jocand Pranedoiios 1 ryetn square; alsouf Ptvric WaJ-ohnon, Drawing, fca aein,20Bang Ralctrledt a Doveda!aHus% and f r mobefrtm Ba old, 5,Grat darL.O hPoptpone tialFrway, oec 1r1Il. - Boembey 1, Woate1 lrshile,oMceik rr and well o C muade crtre, numbtaerandltz Pil-anofmorte,mantns aTR NITUertln ofm rsliugr aer-otwirg Drawings,aind Eofects.ad 1dik tb.s R oBERT REI whills an ELL,ta octhe Pna crd, work andL facoiule ovedalbrary o tb e.hne mie fraom cblohet anda fivte rela'esk fannSortaonStatind oanteoxford, b WorcesteAr&n!ranbaolvd-. hamptobin wey,g on Frid6y Deeb er it, at 10 fpruith ao'lock pelesopeely onaenot ofni thbeg numbe dof loWin,welmadher rmonngdern U. dnneUr, cagonprisings adrawing broom suite inro ewnodersand iamber oand fancy tables,u lhibrary table handsome& wnecbIt witAtl%hoplateouglass Arbiaci, a C d-saegrtan bdtnianofrt byxWoUrntu.g ls.rblter. and .some chIney-gAud fitngldelt.s) u 66 byl48 bed teo pash mah-sog dawy ers rope-fa raesdins, tabcoles,tix o.o chaiers inlethers, werecolningdrtawding,dneor wasnd.teaFn-iscearpt, heath rues, brchne rendaiers and efnono.. oiayal tble v nw d cn huir,dair as hreoads wtho antes m-ahous anytent pMonst,eArabian,and alisiantedtheas excllentar Aloetoag mardlotMr. Robehrtands and4 fiettn. darelnoogh-tabesbed tep, 't fdaes 'Ne.sing Jlses,rn s-pannee, StaFren The an vabianbledSteadk do. wamnt- erybe oan pressldes, tacllsetion o celeveopantns watr-olou deraw.Bm taugs, dnn and Sn h teasevies,icutglas ktchen reunisies,adelc RbrEl-,4,Great Marlborough-streek weet. eftc ermvc for convsslen"- of s.isi on M1Vonday. December 7th, and isis following dsne, at 12 for I precisely each day, the extensive and Valuable> STOCK of 11105'stOIN(ORY`, all of the very best mnAnufactture Including table and hanging lsam Ps, lae4 articles,electro-platedoanti German dilver ware: bronze lea-urns, large asoortmert of cut' ey, i-- eluding 11 dozen of ivory handled knlnes~, 00 sets of dish-covers, papieg maechOand i,patnned.tryaysand waiters:0 oaprcAl sutles. lea. kettles, sets of seewoans, bains marrts, elut rcn.cnaolaandi p'renervinc p vsu, filh tettles. saucteansrhllesadcrs, ,aanned tin and Iron e-ve of every de-criptiolon.Ih eyspro i itrs rapable ot holding 1,000 gallons, tinmensadbairstos forge shop fixtuxreis, and other effects. May be viewed on-atra,re ceding and morning of sale. Catslogues may be hadathepm s .47- Jerm --street; and of MLr. Rob.ert ReId, 41. OreatMrbruh St-reet. In the Queen's Bec.SaniWison Bwen, pLsintiff,v. Andees WE. FlY EsFposito, defendant W.-DWARD LUMLELY will SELL by AUONILTION. at Garraway's, Change-alley. GOtrobill. on Mo0ndayT. loe,~ 15th. at 12 for I o~ctok, by dire-tlon of Ste Sheriff of Middlesex, h INITERE-ST of Ard,ea spDosito, the above-nameddfdciendas:t, In nd to the Neapolitan lBRIG.t2,ebsMaria Christina. now 1lyIng att the South9unay, Londion Dooko Pyunted partic-lars and Conditions of B'sate tareaway as; ana at Mr. Edward Lumsley's aUVnci0n oiceg, 67, Chsnu- Cery-latUE, __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Etegent`e-park,-Tueo Coteate Ofa tiottage Residence, so .ulsslcag of well-made Farntiture, 1JR. EDWAItD LUMLEY will SELL by AUCM ~TIO.',. n the pressites, Cromwell Cottage, Park Village East. near the Y.'rk s-id Albany, on Tuesday, Deu-rcber 1, at 12 fort,L IEG lots of -well-mats FITWNITULCE of sets of Chaims sofas, couces,es. 's chairs, Sdnns anud fire-irons, carpets, chbimner.glasSes, set of Spolsitt rnahoganly diningtal, ditto sideboard, mnahogany, card, Ino, pembroke, and other tablee, suites of curtains, orunaental itels, %Capital chamber furniture, two four-post bedsteads, waLrdrobe, marble-top wasbstande and dressing tables with gziatear, domestic reouisitis, and, varnonsl,fifete. Ida' be viewed,and catalogues had of Hark Shephard. Re,q.. asolicit"r. 4,. toss-ans; and at Mlr. Edward Lumley's auctiont ottles.67. C'scssery-lsne, 15e--lstatsnf itrst-olan, Chimnley-lasses. MR , EDWARD LUMLEY will BELL by AUCs. T10,\. at the Rtooms. 1, Old Bond-street, on Thursday. Dec.. 3, at 12 for I, under civecumotauces that Preclude the Pozthbtlity of a reaeere, '0 brilliant plato chimney-4lsusee, 10 measuring ithe noble dligenaions of 10 in. by 40, and the other 10. 60 In. by 53: tey are all inhadoml deeisned cseved and gilt framesi of se'serior mnanufacturo an.dutbest quality, and In all respects suiited for the dining And. drawing room, or naloonon requiring noble mirrors,May believed. and catVlogurs had At the rooms; and at SI. Edward Lumloy's ane. lion l V rt,)D4 7, hn. ytse lnington.-is-trnitnsre, Pinte. Engravings. Piano, and Effeis, b loy Tec of tIns Exe-cutors of the late Thomas Parry, R3n. M8.R. NEWBON will SELL by AUCTION, on thei tS&Premi%es. 10, B&csssury-eouare. Islinsten, On Tuesday. Dee, S a,t 1J. the suneslor well-mnade 11OTSEEROIA)FURNITUPHE Andi EFpFECTS: comaprising Spanish mashorany, solid ret of dining Wa,bea, Ison Pembroke. and olber tables, sets of chakirs,3eay Chairs sofas, couhes Io-i-oso,libar sale,for-pstand ArAbian bedsteads, Bardingbew-roow ppn,is the usualkitch-tensal rmets)lt.ad a vaietc.D~ d,chor £80rper annam, R I, NEWBON wvill SELL by AUCTIONT, a' the Miarc, Iontdsu. on Ttiuneday. Deo. 17, at 12, In One lot, the mom. Past LEASISTOLD &ReTA.TE, comoprising 10 brisk-built Private honsee on thoecart ride of New-street, Church-road, near the BarkIng Railway S3tation , lot at rents auountingli to sh)Out £10.held for 71 years unexpired. ai a moderate crosund rent. Particul arsha at the inns In the teiehbourhood ; at the MIArt, London: oftG i. I Dodld. FO`aq.. New B3ront-strkeet cty: and at the auctioneer's Ofllce, 5, Church-rowr,Tpper.. trool, Isliusrtos,,N. Superior 10-roomed House,, with Workshop, 30. Great PrerC-str s. IBaealrce-wetlu.read, suitable for oxreopatimm or inretsmsn,r$ R. NEWB W Nl]. SELL by AUCTION, zat the Tnueday De. 17 at12,the capital briuk.lhul:t ItEsIDEO I, wih torsop I th rer. 0, Great Percy-street,, Clekescel,hel fr 6 rarsdle3ifrm te ew Olrer Compsanyat ony i Os goa-Iret,Th hmewa fnihe fr heved'P' Furniture and Churchb trncents, and Work of Art obbora:vly car.d in Oak. lIESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL will SELL by, aM AUCTION, on the PremiSes, 5. Arabells-row, Pimnles, on Tuea. day, De,S. at 12, the Well kolwn STO71 in TRADE of Kr. FL r', Harrison; comerising ele4antly designed nad elaboratelycarye!doa sideboards, cibluots, Peclerns. Pridesux, Glastonbury, ilzrbetbas. and altarcbatr.. matte of arms, elegant brackets, table ornomenti fot. the library and bomlsoir, superb Gothio olooet.aee, and sundry, carvinr alsotheoontentiof the workshop, and stoci of sesongdoaand vl nut-tree ancd other woods. btar be seen the day prior. CatDiog'eosa h On the premises; and ot the auctioneers. 20. iPccadillr. Theatre Royal. Rl3smond.-To Theatrical Managers and otbam R. CAIN is instructed to bELL by AUCTION. l. (ulanses previously disposed of by Private TreatY,) on Wei eiday, December 2, at 12 for 1, the whole ot thte valuable SOEPfityE maebeinry, and theatrical properties of the above; comprising six beautifully pailutet drop soeweum 35 pairs of wings. S6 ditto St., a, quantity of reti, stage braces, shalts, wIndlasses, 200 feet of stffol eeating, the nesting to pit and gallery, gctUtAgs, fottlights. cba-dellrs, gsamp!, and varlous other valuable theatriocl provertioA. I ay be vlewed two davs prlor to the saio, and coataignos had on the pre. mires: of Mr. Baittlr 21, %o'-sireest, Ovent-garden: and at the asu. tlon officeos EKt atreet, Sihmo od. Elegant and modern Housahold Fnruiture, Piccolo Pianoforte, and Effects, removed from Twickenham and S.. Peter's-square, Hn-. meremitb. MR. E. THOMAS will SELL by AUOTION, at s Gallery, 35, Llcesterequaro, on Wednesday, Dec. 2, at 12. FURNITURE; comprising drawing room suites in roaewood and. walnut-tree, Of cu rtains With corices,cbhairs, oonabes, and eay cbhars. loo, card, and work tablo-r. large chimney and Pier glasses,% velvet. pile and other carpets, engravings in maple and gIlt frames, wingesi cheffoalers, mahogany chairs In leather and hair-lothl, pedestal aideboads,dinng abl,, innr wggo, screaryand bookcase, lIbrairy tabes,iro an oter renh bdstads maOf ayfu-otat
