DEATHS. On the 30th JUly, at Cape Coaet Castle, Afica, Captain Wiliam doyrrn, of the flrfn-y-Mor, aged 43. On the 1-th Aug., at Upner Coblentz, Tch.idad, Joseph Arthur Aliet Her 7dajesty'e ±eceiveitienerat br tn;t Ulony andlte Ceplein in H..'s 'e4th Regt. On the 2'd Auz., at Montreal, Willia, eldest eon of the lote John Wood., REsq.. of Soale. Suarey. On the 2d anst., at Naple-, Amy, the Infart daughter of tho Due and DCueheere deuSt. Arplno. aged ti moontise. On tbe 4th lout., at Perle, after a, long and dletresbing illnpeze Irma, tbeond daughter of He.ry Boleulere, Req;, of the Island ot Trinidad. . On the 10th mest., at Mortlake, NY. B. Clarke, E-1., in the 2Stn year Wf bage. On the 1lth lout., at her renidonce, Wlbehech, Casnbrldguesi,ro Alphisa amne. reUctof IRear-Adslra tdOpelmnan Seamne, aged4 78. I n thle I1th inst., at 11, Norlauid.plae, iNottrlng-hll., John Bretell :eter, Esq., eldest eotn oA latet bir John Peter. ,' On the 11thA Lout. in Perk-ttreet, Bath, Marla, eldest eurviting lidaughter of the into 1tev. T. Kulghtei;,'of Ohatwelton, Northampton- On Saturday, the 12th nst., at his residence, at Bathwlck.hll,l Battb In hiie 72d,eor, Captairn Auguetue C3i erme Drawoater, lut of the 4,b DJrosoon tuard,% rerpecod and esteemed by a large circle of connerlons and friendei. On the 12th iout., at his residence. Nio. 22, Holland-plaze, Claphameroad, after a tong Masnee, in thetist year (if hli age, William Bante, 5 Rq., formerly for many yearn of the Branch lssUnkA Office, liana of England. On the 12th lout., at her reEidence, 5, Meount-Iftee, Whitechapel. road, after many months of laueuishsr,g aud elifferiug, .ldro. Monk, widow of the lato NWnm. Moalk, In the 30th year of her agoe . At evening time It wee light," On the 13th lout., at Fouleham. Rev. Jonn Walcot Haznia, ouate S. reset's, lKnightsbridge, aged 13. On the 13th lout, at Dawlieb, Loititia Jane. wife of B. W. L. Daviee, vicur of Addldonglet. On the 11th lnst, at Knapp, near Bidefordi. James Gould, eq., J.p. for the county of Devon, In the 011th year of his age. On the 13th lost., at 2, -Trumpieeton.street, Casmbridge, Carolie Prire lli Louisa, tie infant daugotwe of N7. t. B. McrUvwire. Req., Ln ber ninthi usouth. On the 11th lout., at his re iaence, No. 2, Welteetreet, Falcon.eqju,re, Mr. Robert Wainsu, seed 7t5 ysare, many yeera in the service of the Greel WVestorni Railwaty Compaty, and mauch itespected by all who knew him. On the 14th toot., at 27, Pembridge Villas, 7s.yewster, Jemima londe lie the eldest daughter of A. L. MOMBilan aged 13 years. D5n the 14th lost., at 7W, Warwick-street, Pmimlioo, Mir Elizbeth Dniel, aged 71).
QHOP uand PARLOUR, witbh every convenience, to to be Llf lot mny ught tdn bsseb A tb.0= Inquiree0 B mI, If, London-wAll E%y. a t ~OHOLSThj-To beDtOSDO,lme I-~dlae1yth prpdsoawishing to go into hconr.aLAIS ~~ A~~pl~T letter,thepre. ~sirMLK BUSIRESSfo AL.prc d fittlng& Thofbthe BISHOPSGATE.8TREET WITHIN.-Excefflcn,t I BPrivate RS IDJiOS to be LtX, ooimDrllng 10 good roro,i the es=at o this desirable city tboroaghfare. Anply to Z=omas aol bOQa&sc ent. 93, BIshop6ate-street within. 7PIWBURYPAVMENT-Tobe LET on JL' EAj3~aciitalEOUzr~wihoDm%ndlgaboand dwelling. b4"aatrer.elbertptheorgaarat. AplytWilits and Eley, bonse agent., U, Pavement. E.O, UNOVA -To be LETS nrlh , anexeet over 800 ace.Mr adcnb hdI eurd pl o r(eo.b Rteblason, th aen, 1, OdGon-sret A Noble~~~~~~~ndsabe t Pond-street. I PJRB MXSs, adapted for A privAte hotel, chambers or business g2oses, huttd Manp with avrm domestic convenience for a iarg ere- bment.41P*l to Mr. Oeo. Rtobinson, auctioneer and esatme agent, 21. Old Bosd-steet, Ksupesior emi.detacbhdFAIL coach-hos It required. Ap';) at Hog. 8 or 9, rvoplc,Eg ware-road, near Xllbamn-turnp a. TIOLBORN.-Tobe LET on LEASE,B ~for 21 yas LLa HOUS and SHP, near to 1Day and M.Artln's, having a depth of 70feet,and~w undrgoig a thorouzh repair, which wl be cornplaed n aout10 ays A ply to Mr. Eareant, 229 Strmnd. circumstances, ad of £M00 have been spent for pleg rtedux to HeMM7mduw., North street. Brighton ; and Miessrs Old1 3Boad-sireet, don. 1..1 OBN EY-ROAD-T be LET, !in- a god t- LB.tio, a eghtrooedHOUBK with large gearden coaach-house, and tabe, OnIbses assto all pante of town every 10 Minuntes. Bentmodrat. Fo futhe pStlcclasr apply to Mr. Gao. Jno. Caf- ~ TRA D-Premi,es.--To be DS POSED ~OF, t~he LEAS andFIXURES of 0 tl' desrble BOSINRSS piRz- siuae 05 Srad.opposite Exeter' bll now occpid by lb. F, 0 Zlmnermnn, ho I relnqolhingtheretail tealm For ters,Ac, iqureof3. . ren,at beabveaddress j?W O .-T be LET, atgetxteel VILLA, RESI. .dDENCR nertesain co taiin ix bed and two sitting rooms, breakfast plarlur, gttedy, good offies, And large gardeni. Gas lad on throghout the house. Bent 40 ginlnea& Fbs particolar Apply at 1, Tintern VilIlas, near the station. Epsoma. K ENT.-o be3SLD a great baran R E HOL eiht-ooed OIIBend FURNTR,cohhus and tabe. Frniurequit ne ofthe best quality. Pratclr Inqireof . Mrtn, raeed,he~rothe 25th ofSptme.hero T~ROLEY,XLen-Tobe LET on LEBASE, nnfuor' houe,exelen grdn,geno.s pl Geat umb-r erls,and airutsee amen o meadw land and oul Cttaes vxerypeas Ianb sitat . o paricuar aplyto esrs. Bator butoeds, and c,.Ld nrobley, Antd or to 21 bnearm seven$ pearcen, andrt.lr FALYBern~E, mapit snUbalai!g repaiye and eegntm de- toC .IsPaacBid,aChiMMt, . S Tyor-laeLE, fsarstnisheuar. ufl urD ed,aRnd Oitr 5, GralutioC.u 6 et1ached n ,. DENORE. wellgoo Furdnicshed, him Andcellent ooMtLY itESi lofety ionnroomd diawbng rooms, bah dema witon bat ande anld wated ld omet. offce.also cvapial apsAtabiog.AplLy ton4Messrs.Polde anh C. and boumerlAgdsents, Odsyoans4toneqae,W. PCLAPHAOLLOWAY.-To be LET, furnvnisently LTfted,u andO Urnicooreb valuatroom andetached REsIDitCE, wign gl o garden cotat h-houseandup stable: cotisUhe reartepHionroomssi bed rooms,i bAtshoroo disthnc hot ando h'Rc0holwae wFoe letto a re andorderse tenview apply5 toeWInludingonhen!B, usboaeer n housei ates 8, Old Bond-st, ret. lb. Pli~1,Hr ]KENSIGTON ILLASto be LET, convenientls weaatekHghroad,h mandwtin ao3 short distnce LordS Johnrs paurL Nent45 ulhe& Wterlaid en. Nine rooms, breakfasu, dining, and drawing rooms, ifive be-d rooms, kitcebn, larder, wine, beer, and coal ceLars, two water-closets. Pleasautly sdtuate, soil gravel, driaina goo,lag garden back and fronit, Apply at B, ShatteabaryVIas Allen-itree, Kensngton. J)OTHERHITBEE, on the High Turnpyike-roaed to Rq~London.-To be BOLD, by, the Mortgage under an absolute power of sate, the HOUSE and SHOP, No.4, U'nion-terraes, Unionroaid, Botherhlthie-h eld for a term of whIch 85 years gless three daya) were unexpired at ifldeummer liast, ata annualm ground rent of £PA if. Let to Mr. James Miller, upholsterer, at £30 per annum. Apply to Mr. James Thomas Smith Sen-wharf, DepifoTd, KR. (lOR LOD E, uuian.-T beLET, Furnished~, ~ fr hre o sx mnta, bi eegat ndconvenient MAX8[0Or, ~ARK-HILI~haon.arL -To be LET a wejll dinin and kre- HO roms, r fa r a. perod,otaknng larg wms.breafastroom ve e-drooms, ~dresin roo, god omsti Ofice, o3ach-haouse, two-stall stable, with two livngroosver ad grdn.For foil particular, and cards to view ~~,aMr..Wrght~ esateagecy oflices, Park-rod, Claphajm, S. EPBO-TO be LET, immnediately, handsornel~ ed, fr a short peslod, a desirable EOPAGE BBST BENC, wthina qarter of an hour's walk Of the RAIlWAY Stationl UbUTNEY.-Spencer-villas near Bichrnond Upper. ILro& 5et from £40to So.-A few remaining HOUB 53 (con.taning eight and ten rooms, with ganens)to beLECT. The estate is on high graveL,andsimtutionaproverbiallyhealthy. Oommunlestico ever 10 minn,es to the city by rail (three minutes walk of staloc), o bnibs, and steamboat, Tefartd Houset well built, with modern improvernenAts, and railway yealy tickets at reduced rates.Apply to Mr. Edwardin, at the cilice on the estate. DEMBRIDGE-GARDENS near Kenington-ay. -L dens-A detached FAMlLY RBikDN0B to be LETo L,~ with immediate possessIon: eightlag bed and dressing rooms, beth room, copperbeth with bot and co~~ldservioe, three roceptionl room%, kitchen, housekeeper's room, and usual domestic offices; sone stair throughoutr, ando ga-pps ad to All r=cpga roms and bm.ement. Rent, on) lease, £130. Afltoa smaller raced Hou to beo Let, at 40 6 Agl toMeters, Win. and B'ras. Bedord, buIlders, 8, Pemr- IIERNE,HILL.-To beLE on LEASE, or the Lfs obe Diseosec. of, an elegant detached LEASEMOLD VILLA RP4IDENCP, situate on the summit of Herne-hlll, oue of the mogt esteemed localties to the neIghbourhood of %he metrpolis, only 4 milesefrom tho bridges; with suitable offces, coach-house, and stabling, plenur gruns, ardns,grenbnse eall farm-y ard, with building% andL beautlrin enelicsures of rich Meadow land. In al about Ilj acres. To be viewed by ttekets, which, with further psetloealas, may be had of Meegsms. Bis and Son, auctionem er, A ,,36, i Venc hmrch-etr,,u .QUPRREY.-Purley Lodge, within 2- miles of the K-_1croydoa RailwayStations, and nearly contiguous to the Caterbam Junctonti tation en the L*ndon and Brgtonx Railway.-To be LET, on LEA SE, this capit-al FAMILY RESDENCE with lawn, gardeus. planutation walks,%ornamentalt grounds, greenhouse, detacebd stabUang for 10 horses compact buidldngs, farm-yard, cittege, end meadow lad, opilsg aloehe Mbu 30 Acres. The house oDntaIns it bed rooms, dresaing rooms, and other conveniences on the chamiber floor,, entrance-hall, bow drawing rv-mn and library, bow dining room, cloak rom huekeepers ro m, erans hall, andr rqiite domestic fifBes. Fo .er,.d crstviw apply to Messs.Blake Cro don. ALLIOOUHE&LYrshr.Tbe SOLD, P&MILY &IMON,with thie pleasure grouni, gardndac rtactboums. , tAbles. and other requisite conveniences, situate at Aidboioogh, niear Boroughbrldg,i the West Rlidug of Yorkhie, e nd now In the occupation of Mrs. Wainmon,L Also the Farm-house, Elualte near thiereto, several excellent cottages, and about 140 acres of rich parture aneL amble lauad, now in the occupation of 3mrs Hammaond sod Others The greater portion of the land adoins the hall - a parcheesi can have the whole or such part asohe may require. The house is re. plete with every convanience, and well adapted for a gentlemankm country residence, is sItuate in a beautiful part of the conttry, anid within easy reach of York and Leeds, is nearly two miles from the lioroughbtldge Station on the North-Eastern Railway, about aix miles frrthte Allerton Station on the York and Harrogamte Line of Railwayandwitin inemies f Hrroatebythe turnplke-roA,j The YoAandAinty nd ranhan M-tmfxouds hnunt In the Imme- U RE ,midway between Croydont and Redh_ili, t7 miles frmth aterhain Junction Station, and thre miles froma Merstbani-The Hooley EHouse Esttat, a pletrnue and inkteresting prpety of nearly 60 Acres, skirted onuthe east by the elevatod tlaud of SrhlnEg orFalrdean Downa.-To be BOLD with early poseeson, a tlemanly ESMEN IcoDmplete o4rer both As to repair and Cora nln.ODE l3pC15cipal and other chambers,four handsome recption rooms611,wthoDnaerfatory adjoining, sad well-arranged ddotesttl offices, amply supplied with spring water: stabln for sidx horses, doukble coach-honte. brew-house, ban), an te ut-budin"s a prductve arde, wih frcln-hooe adpIts fitted with bet water~ appaatu, etrane ldge laws, laned goun,, hrubery an abensae forthaer of temaoees. ewllhv h optl-of mn thesae fr he ai tem.Three peks of hounds are kennelled In the nelghbourhnod. may be viewedA(except on Fridays) by card,, Which, with the terms. maw be had of Meers. nlake. Omovdma MIDD3LESEX, within two miles of two Railway JLTedtIonar-Meerrs.t Norton, HoFgart,~ and I'legt have remird Istrctins o DSPOE 0' te valuable LEASE of an excellent RESIDENCE, delightfully Fituate, two miles from the Waltham and Endeld Stations on the Easterni Counties R-ailway, and 12 from tendon. It cotaInts 10 bed rooms, dretdng rooma, drawing ad dining room, breakfas t room opening to a conservatory, entrancehall, &c.. and domestic ofires of ever d escription, with an abundant sDPply Ofpn'O w3tss caPIta four-stal stable, coach-hbouse, rooms and loft over. beautiful Dl'easue tTunds ourrmoUnding the house, laid ount in lawns and gardens, filed with rare flowering shrube and plants, paddock or aicher ground, with dr graelled shrubbery walks round, half a mile In extenit, lare and mostProductive kcitchen garen, with high wails, an abundance of choioe frutit trees In full bearing graDery. hot-house, forcing pits gardenier's cottae, compact model isum-yartd and buildings completely covered in, a smaler enclosed yard, sheds, &C. : together with three encloenres of rich meadow land-the whole, with three acres amble, comprising upwards of 31 acres, and held for lij Yws'c unexpLzed, ci an exceednglylow rental of LifO per annum. PartimuLarb had of Memrs. Norton, Hoggert, and Trint, 62, Old Broad. street, Bogyal Exchange. 1ESSRXM-To be SOLD, by Private Contract, a very JAdesirble FREEHOLD EdTATE, called The Howe, situte I the most beautiful and picturesque part of the county of Essex, n3ear Halstead, distant only five minutes, drir-e from the intended railway station end sx milesfromthe presnt station at Brantree, oampmjulg a handsome modern mansion. and 110 sacrs of excelleut lead. T ie LounsienLghtfuliy situate on the ralene ground overlooking the vaMy o th Coneand the ribywoAadundulaftig cotuntr beyond, And surrounded by a small and well-timbered park, with entrance lodge and beautiful pleasure grounds filled with the choicest ahrube and American plante, contains four receotion rooms, lIarge hO-' hard roorm, nine princia bed rooms, besides dressing rooms, and capital offices. Attiched o the mansion ts an elegant conservatory, andoat acovenient distanoe a very productive wailed-Ini kitchen gre,wthL hothouse and fem-house. The 4stbles and outbuidldng are complete and well arranged, and the whole Is In Perfect order for the Immediate recoeption of a getlema'sfail. The soil Ig dry, and interest ThefurnituratereThmaybea tw
rrowh tA LONDON GAZETTZE of Tueday, s& 15. WAR-OFFICE. S.r 12. The Qaeen has been gracionsly pleased to give order, for the appointment of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Henry Keppel, C.B., to be am ordinary member of the militxry division of the seond class, or Knights Commanders of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath; and of Commodore the Hon. Charles Gilbert John Brydone Elliot, B.l., to be an ordinary member of the military divion of the third class, or Com. panions of the said most Ion. Order, FORBEIGN.OFFICE, Siir. 12. The Queen hba been pleased to approve mr. Albertino Antonio Vier& to be Consul in British Guiana for lis Majesty the King of Portugal and the Algarves NOTICE TO 1ARtNRS. The port of Dublin corporation have given notice that two new lighthouses have been erected on the Arran Islands, off the West coast of Galway, which will be exhibited on the 1st of December next, and will thenoeforth be lighted every Dmight. The light on Rook Island will be a revolvin one. The light on the sonth-weatern point of Inisheer w be; fxed one. The old light heretofore on the summit of Inishmore will be disoontinued from and after the exhibition of the new one. COMl88IONS sined by 'he QUkr1%. Bedfordshrre egm ut of dllitl-Geome Toseland, gent, to be Mit.; AdAm keIerr. gent., to be Qartermater. By the nD wLrxruswA-r of tbe Conoty of BRro-ot. Bdordaeh Reglment of Witls.-Ndward Joseph Boailbee, tent., to be Enaign. Tse Welboe EUis, prosoted. B the LOr-Lwsvx;TuOr d 1hi Co0nty Pltne of LAWcASTR. d iment of the Duke of Lsncrter'a Own btlicl.-Lambert John Robet Disney, gent, to be Svioe Ahern. deo. 7th ReV ent of Royal E-seaerl S"ti,-Gog DAvIson Bland, ]Mq., to Ca>tain, Tile Cumminga' psomuteB. }D,eLow)-LizsT(N-T othte Citr of DuxyrBn Ru oxburgh. and 1edrkshirefelLdnat of Mtilt6D%Dv1d MltcbeD, lit, h be LntentD rlosice Noaske, resilgnd; Jobn ams Jobtne Thmson, Esq., to be Lieutenint, vies Baretto, [Thin "Ga.ett ontnsnottethattbe following plsoer hare been du. see toted for the eolearn'zWtln of marriages therein]:- eWya ChW, Vdd1ftbruqkYorkshire. New teir I e Church, Prodwicb-enrm-Olbarn, Lencasbire. PARTNERSHIPS DIB%OLvED. lard, Lupton, and Co-, MAEnebeter, conmm.slon mercxanta.-.TArd. LuptonK and ShawortOh, netr Roohdale, cottOnt spDinereK. Ha&MV8s) andOct, C1anoer7.14n, Patent.agents.-IStwandfh and i:zoomield CoUllr Oo. and Sitone and Fisher, Sta';didb.wlth. LAn)gtr0e and FPresto, cOOler preopetors.-Jy. Al'eni avid J7. ktllwaird Sa3iersea, mlilwrigh1;.- hto Brothers arid Op3. Kelbourne, Vie. toyl a. erchans:os as far as regards J. Whlt .T. W. Davis sod T. Conway Sussex-m -e otlghUll trmming lelles.- Byhma and ion Strsnd, el eto-plsters.-R. Bfitht, H Bright. Jun.. and T. Legge, lrer-M, tnmeroes; ag faLr as egaidg R. Bight, *en-D. Mlason and 0Co, BirminghLam. wholesal saddlers.-Knrtz4 C"opper an'd Co.. Liverpool, and Knrt2, Keightley, and Co., Dublln. t srdletl aker in ta nd te and. Z6rrrea . &cents.-M'l n Mle.Pog?,&rvd.SoMrdltoh. milk finishersi-. D. G. D. Mathews and T. B. Wesfton.-P. A. S. MoOetkesas and F. K. SUtevenon, foesarding uai errts.-W bas, Io .u Hnal. soen, 3J. Rx. nall, .1.N. B altl, 0. Bgnall. and P. BagnaliiJn.. Weorb8o0pwich. lrnmairw.D sod 1t0.^t acson BoGsto and 4ebtrot, Linsloehlre 2lnnkeeere-j ant.X Kehlr '-squae bOtairm, andt t. hre, bemilders-.ad 0 C tbexsertooadlepstice, aternsys-Tand K -OdC. ameSatieYokire,Ee,s mrnlourre BA2MRUITS. James MolBsre and Thomas dAwa,d Huney. rat1on-garden and Tididale, near Dudley. StWmafodhlre boiler mnaker; ta soneender Sept. 25at2Oclock, Oct. 29. at 12, at the ankrnpts Court: solictiors, Meas. L Croleyad Born, Lombiard-stret; ofia m asignee, Mr. Can- Jaruva Candler, sn., Eomb brewer. SepLt. 2 at I o'clock, Oct. 29, at baIt-poet 12, at the Bankuts omut: solicitoms Meacre Smith, Stenning, and CrofJ , Ba Nga-stee; ofln ainee, Kr. Ca7nnu, Aldermanburp.Ha= Uadp S 2 k°LOw.s eryne' oo ical d B pte Court: mollrltog, Mr. Aeotie inct. kett- EsBsr, t one ke,per, Sept. 25, t t 02 ot'I Vlcck, Oct.30 3Dt atI, at the Bankrupt.' Court: aricitgr, Joew, Boldicb'e-of andSmpgne, Gracehar3-treetfeld. mdwe scivener, S @r;i, rrrept, 54 o.3 a flr, at th Bankrupts' Court:n slctors Messrs.lhi Boyt an C otrgt ke.pb.r, Boffiia aSsi2, e ot Mr. M.Graham. Abrbi Nashoi, verett-stret, Brun 9,swlkeqae buolder, Septae2T, at 1 GOcTloc, Oct. 30.ea 2 at u the BS.n p' Courxt 1 so'ocit t th Jees. Boing andour SimpsonDe i,Grtot ilccoo'drce, otca assycignee Thomas FracIds, ALAamb-plae Klnelntdroad, builder, et1 24, at 12 o'clock, Oct. 301, at , at the BankruPteW Court: solicitor. Krs. Jones, King's Armsyasd, Ooemnanetseet official assignea, Mr. Graham. JonBodnWyld, Brlstol. wice apd spirit_merchant, Bept. 28 NOV. 3, at5 o'cock at the BristO Distrretco of PAankrp'eY: solicitor. Mr. T*ddy rEctdol :offidial &a4sin, Kr. Wer, Bristol. Joseph=lkey Spencer. Halifax, joiner, Oct 1 and 23. atl11 o'clock, At theled District Court of Beroty oIcitor, Messrs. Wayri Phildck, and Fowte, Halifax; official assignee, Mr. Yawn, Lred' DIVDEND& Oct. 6, W. Aburrw, Pflnoeaeqnae. F'insbury, manufacturing chymlat,-Oct. 6, IL Raper, Strand. electyoplater-O..dc 6, 28. Stuwrt and . Knnei, Orlotret, Brligto.gadens, tators.-Oct. 6, Oc. 27li IL Whraborne.Doeir wine mrnwie Lran.--Oct. &27. ( Aidjidg, Witha~ Ilve corn mecs1,c- 8 .rmoe,H tibixo,nehar mr, lhanaabre, oton mG. irfsctdre. -ort.. T. W. F Johnstn, Bhtleba, Yormhierlu, zna rr-NOrT.. P. J.H G.sCffith, Woreawer, cal deatle1,-at. I, Bo'Brck, Stmstlrk Rao-eu ThBPtle TE Hooe bm"e pne,eises esow otecn A. LudaUAW-la, raryonte, day oA metinOclg. tth i WHorten, A otMe aSorofu,dr- pfr tg n 0. at and1ck BlechLlverponi, merchant.Sep 23~at A. Clile, LoherinochSpg. 1,at1 oclc, at1 Oooc,a theBoe aond A. 1ndsls, Ardrl, drpes,SeptS3,pt 3 'co5, at theclock,at ti o 'Kay1Edinbu gh,odinghoSept kepe, st ept'cm.12 at th o'cltck 3. Bucha, tilasgw, accoutab, ept 9 atr 32S'clock, at t1e Ton-lck Stin othel lag
A MISSIONARY'S JACCOUNT OF THE INDIAN OUTBRBEAK. The Rev. Mr. Hay, the American missionary In Indis vho escaped from Allahabad, returned to Southampton from London on Saturday night In London he had an in. terview with Sir Charles Trevelyan. The Chairman of the East India Company was anxious to see Mr. Hay, but his wife was so ill at Sontharnpton that Mr. Hay could not pro. long his stay In the metropolis. Being one of the first persons who has come from the heart of the mutinous districts, and being thoroughly acquainted with the history and ex. tent of the mutiny, and with its nature and bearings, his society has been auxiouly sought after for information. Hs account of the rise of the mutiny and defeat of the mutineers at Allahabad is exoeedingly interesting. Alla. habad contained about 1W0,000 inhabitants at the time of the mutiny. There had been several panics in the city for some time before the revolt broke out there, ani three weeks before there was any fighting the City Was patrolled, and European wonmen and children were ordered into the fort. At times the alarm died away, and the women wonld come out of the fort. The expectation was that the city would be attacked by mutineers from Benares. At length a chief raised the standard of insurrection No European knew who he wsu; some said he was a Moulvie, that is, a Mahomedan religious teacher, something like the padre of the Portugnese; others that he was a native officer; others that he was a weaver by trade. He, however, zepresented himself as a viceroy of the King of Delhi. Hecommanded about 4,000 of the mutineers Mr. Hay speaks in the highest terms of Major Brazier and Colonel Neil, with both of whom he was personally acquainted. Major Brazier rose from the ranks. He commanded the Sikhs at Aliha. bad, and exercised great influence over them. It was to him that the Europeans were indebted for preventing the rebels from taking the fort. Had they done so, scarcely anything would have driven thern out of it, for It is constructed on an European modeL Nothing would induce the rebel Sepoys who besieged it to come near, so much did they dread its gns. On the 13th of June Colonel Neil cannonaded Daraghung, a suburb of Allahab%d. Brazier behaved here with distinguished gallantry. The chief of tho rautineere was taken prisoner. He was a young man magnificently dressed, and was said to be a nephew of the Moulvie, who headed the mutiny inside the walls. Major Brazier, surrounded by a few Sikh soldiers, ordered the chief to be brought before him to be interrogated. After being questioned he was ordered to be taken to a place of continement. His arms were loosely fastened behind him. Before he left the presence of the major he, by a great effort, cauLght at a sword that was within his reach, and made a cat at one of the Sil;hs. Brazier and all the Sikha feU upon him, and the former wrested the sword frorn the prisoner's hand but the enraged Sikhs, while the chief was prostrate, placed their heels on his head and literly crushed out his brains, and the body was thrown outside the gates there. It was- owing to General Neil's gallantry that all the Euro=ans tBenaes were not inassacred. After savin nasthegeneral arrived at Allahabad, and supersede; Colonel Simpson. Af ter cannonading Daraghung he attacked and burnt the lower part of the city on the 14th of June. The head.quarters of the Moulvie were in the higher part of the city at the old Mahomedan gardens. There the prisoners of the mutineers were confined, and among them were the native Christian teachers belonging to Mr. Hay's misson establishment. On the 17th of June Colonel Neil, with about 500 Europeans and 800 Siklhs, completely defeated the Xoulvie and his 4,000 troops. The native Christians knew, from the manner in which the snutineers returned to their head-quarters-bloody, hurried, and dispirited, that they had met with a defeat, and thev counselled one another and their families to keep up their spirits, for they knel that the defeated rnutineers would not stand another battle. Sure enough on the morning of the lSth they evacuated the place, and the native teachers were liberated. Hunontan, a wealthy Hindoo Zemindar, ba. friended them until they got to a place of safety. Ir. Hay is decidedly of opinion that Delhi will not be taken before November or December. e has visited Delhi. The fort is built after the native fashion. Heavy guns would soon batter down its walls. Unfortunately the guns which were sent to batter them down were captured by the rebels at Phillour. Vhen Mr. Hay left Allahabad the the eownNtsbopsbefore Delhi were scarcely able to hold thelr owvn; although always beating the mutineers in every attack they had slightly receded from their original position. It takes nearly 50a for troops tc -et to Delhi from Cal. catta. Mr. Hay was 17 days getting to the latter place from Aillhabad. He got down to Calcutta in a steamboat. Whle he was on the voyage Sir Norman Leslie and other officers were masssacred near Dinapore by Sepoys belonging to the very regiments the mutiny of which aunonnoed onMon. day by elecrc tele"ph The assassins of Sir Norman Leslie were caught, tied up from the backs of elephants to a gallows, and then swung off. The soldiers of their own regiments were made executioners, and it was boasted at the time that one of the assasins was hung by his own father, in order to show the loyalty of the regiments. Mr. Hay says that many old East Indiauis foretold that thete troops would ultimately mutiny, and that there could be no doubt theJ 'mpAthized wiL the Lssassin of Lealie aad is brother officerg. Their turntng executioners, and father hazid's his own son, were only * blind. They wrey ille their tice. Mr. Hay tinks the newstd the mtiny Dinspore Is bed neows, bcause it shows that the communt cations between CalouttL and Delhi may be interrupted_ There is one thing, however to be considered; the m Ltnee have no guns in the neighbourhood, and they have a verr wholesomo dreod of the steamers passin between Calscittand Allahabed, *U of whioh carry guns. e tbinks &Lo that the telrph deepatch on Monday did not contain good news; fenerlyIromIndia. It can hardly be said that Oentral ndi& is tranquillized; it must bo only sall portions of itt The mutinies at Dinapore and in the Bombay Presidencyare ominous of eviL He w%s twenty days in Calcuttabefore he left for England; during that time there had beentwro or three P^ulcg there, and persons living in the outsJcirL. had tken rtuge in the fort and on boad the ships. Confi. dence, however, was restored when he left, owing chlefly to.- 1,700 troops from China that vrere lauded from the HimaLayLa It wss at one titne f lly expected thatthe native Mohamedan servants would rebel in Calcutta, Numbers had been saying to the Erop-a children of whom they had oharge that all the houies in Calcutta would soon belong to the nativeg. A eonverted Brahmin in Calcutta had been acoogted by natives who did not know of his conversion, and was told that thrra would be a general rising in Calcutta, and that the tro ,p would be assisted by the nastive servanta in driving ont the English. About 5,000 fresh troops had arrived, and hae, sent up the country since the mutiny broke out. Thep at up by st-mers as f ,r uw Ahh&W, which situated as tne jUanction of the Jumna and the Gangeg. Mr. Hay, as hewas prOceedlig to Calcutta, met General Havelcek an&i hsores going up the country. He coniLdered that; Havelock wrould, after leaving CLawpore, proceed to destroy Nena Ssaib at Bithoor before he went to relieve LIeknow,. to prevent Nens from occrupying the rear with any fore. It is most satisfactory to find, however, that HLvelock has apparently considered himself enabled to go on to Luoknowwithout first accomplishing the desrction of Nena, becasu Lucknowr was so much in need of taccdnr. Prob-ably HaTelock has left the further chastlsement of the arch traitor' to Colonel Neil, -eho must have moved on from Alla_ habad. Mr. Hay considers that Agra must have fallen by this timet unless relieved. Hle sttes that on his p ge toEngland he met a French offioer, a Captain L:a Fous, whohad been in the Punjab WLr, and knew Nena Sahib intimately, and saw him at Cawnpore after the mutiny haW broken out at DelhL To show the duplicity 9i thisscoundrel, he larmented to Captain La Fons the outbreak, and stated that he could hardly believe it-it wam mosd shamefuL There cannot be a doubt that he had been privy to it, was gloating over its atrocities, and was planiLngz the most hellish treachery all the time. After beino defeaLted at Cawnpore and Futte7pore, he hasecae to his castle at Bithoor, which is wleU defended with, cannon. Mr. HaY thinks the isuing of the peseed cartridges to. have been a great mistake. The inteliEgent leaders of the mutineers well understood that the greasd cartridges were withdrawn, and that the Government explanationx werm satisfactory but the illiteateo natives never were convinoei that the outrage on their religion was discontinued. It ww also an error to sentenoe the 80 high caste men at Ms9= to five years' imprisonment for refusing to use the cartridge They were all native gentlemen belonging to a cavalry regi ment. Th Seoys would hAve greased the cartridge them. selves, and u sheep's fat, a material which SaGrcely a Ma. homed n or Hindoo would have scrupled to use The colour of the paper of the cartridges being different from that which had hitherto been used, and the paperbeing greass, excited sspicion and alarm. ir. Hay says that the British Government should have declLred itelf sa Christiar Government. It should not have persecuted the natives ir order to make them Christians, but it should have set itb face against caste as much as against widow-burning. Tht Government relied upon keepingalive the ignorantprejudiow of Hindoos anmdiahomedans, and preservlngitsauthorit by balancing raec against race and religion anst relion and the mutiny shows that its scheme ha signally failed The misonary schools were twioe ascrowded atheGovern nment schools. In the former the Bible and catechism weri taught, and the schools commeneed and ended with prayer In the latter, unrtil very recently, the Bible was excluded The Koran and the Shaster were in the Government schools but no professor was ever allowed, even if requested, t. explain anything vith referenoe to the Bible, not even a an historical book. Nearly aU the native professors ant graduates of the Government universities and schools ar atheists Their education caused them to disbeliev Paganism, and they were not encouraged to believe i Christianity. Iany of them are implieted in tb present revolt Some extraordinary disclosures ha yet to be made public on this matter. Names au mentioned in Calcutta of persons who it is expected wi yet be oompromised. It is expected that Sir Colin Camj It WMl proceed up to Allahabad, or some such ouitr place, where he can best superintend the disposal of trool where they are wanted. The writer asked Mr. Ha if he had any doubt as to the ultimate defeat of the mut neers. He sad he had not the salihtest doubt of their d, feat. There aro about 21,000 European troops now no I the North-West Provinces. The Sikhs, he believes, will I faithful; at least they have no sympathy with the Mahon medans and Hindoos, The missionaries who were killed ' Delhi were Engliah church misaionaries. Mr. Hay believ that fonr of his brother American missionaries, with ibe families, dear friendc of his, and with whom he corresponde were massacred at Fattyghur. It is possible that some mit who are now missdng may turn up again, bht no woman cou live in the jungle in consewnence of the intense heat at tl time of the yeaLr ralway official, who hid away in bungalow for five days, and during that time took nothi inside his lips but water, ped with his life. Al t non-onbatants were ordered out of Allahabad by Colox Nell The European troops are now much impeded in pi ceeding up the country from Calcutta in conseuence the camping stations hxving been destroyed by the mu neers. Mr. Hay prooeeds to New York in the Argo. He see to have a most intimate knowledge of everything lating to the mutiny, and it almost seems a pity that should leave the country without giving to the people land the fruits of his experienoe and knowledgeof Indi affarg IHe had too much trouble with a sick wife, who ' confined while on her voyage to England, and two you children, to write on the voyage; but he purposes drawi up a statement (D.V.) during his voyage to New Yo Some arrangements ought to be at onoe made to rece the fugitives from India, who will come home by every n: p'aket, at Southampton. Mr Hay was driven away pen less from Hindtictan. His expenses increased beyond expectation on the voyage, particularly in passing thror Egypt. If any one connected with the magnificent ft now raising in this country had been stationed in Sou ampton so as to have offered him assistance, such.zn o would have been esteemed a graceful act in America. would have relieved a man of a sacred profession and b intelligence in a strange land of some temporary aUxi, Of courso the distinguished society to which Mr. Hay has honour to belong are well able to support its misionar Mr. Hay attended aprayer meetinrg of the UJnitedDisent Christian churches on behalf of the suTerers in India at Above-bar chapel in Southampton.
THE MANCHESTER FINE ARTS EXHEBrTrO. TO THE EDITOR OF TE TIMES. Sir,-After reading in Tht Times of the 9th the artid our Exhibition, I had the curiosity to refer to the ret of the admfsdons, and I beg to handyou the result. round numbers, the visrts from the opening day to Satu lbst, September the 12th, may be taken at 930,000 these 217,000 were by season ticket holders, and 713 were by cash payments. To reduce these visits to visitors, the 217,000 may b presented by 14,000, which exceeds the number of se tickets; and, from the best estimate I can obtain, I thin may take one-third of the 713,000 as havinDg been c and the remaining two-thirds twice; this wiU make a' of 490,000 visitors. If the committee in their calculations assumed tha masses would be attract-ed by the Exhibition, they ma great mi3ake. We have not a population withir a rei able distance who can be expected to appreciate it, although one of our newspaper editors sttrted the tl that the study of the ancient lasters would interest elevate the masses, I think that few will be fournd to with him; it is like feeding infants with " strong mn To show what the masses can appreciate, I may that a firm, in Sheffield I think, sent their urorkp to the Exhibition, and also made provision for them b, refreshments there; yet, notwithstanding this, in a time after reaching the building, few were to be fou it, the bulk of them having gone to BeUevue-gat something like your Cremorne. Nor can this be won at, the people were true to their instincts. One of our papers attempts to rebut your makina money result a test of its usefelness; but if the Exhil Is to have a beneficial influence it must be seen, and altl it does not necessarily follow that all are benefitted, yf the greater the attendanoe the greater are the chan, good resalting, and this attendance can only be pror the money result. I should say thatanything that cai be seen once should be in that locality where the 7na2 of persons could see it in the minimum of time, I arm, Sir, your obedient servant. REGISTR Manchester, Sept. 14.
SCOTCH frILrTIA. TO THE EDITOR OF TiEE TIMES. Sir,-HAving heard that sorne Scotch Militia *re called out, ad as one of the first objects is to fiUl the with men who will volunteer into the national corps the East, world it not be well to fill the different barracks with their own miihtia, as at bead-quarts can 3Iways get men with greater facility than from) ing parties? I therefore trust the Forfar lfflit occupy the empty barracks at Dundee; the Stir. Castle and Dtnmberton the Edinbuigh, Berwick; a of the LAnarkshire, Edinburgh Castle. For cornmc sake I trust plenty of rifle and artillery oorps rmay bodied. The country demands such corps to bewell and every opportunity taken of training them. Younrs in home. COMMON SE: r [AdvertIsemnent.]-"Soyer's Culinary Camp&igo voL, Drice Gs., bound, b- now ready. " It is foI of hibtozieA eenas, mirt. wit, aDd Aodo0t. Tho new ty]e Oft COoker. wil be rouni most arplicable for all pnblIc inutitutons t ndt i ard wIli prove get a ielIOn tO tbculalne ot the aim7, general public, It aieo contaIn, a BaealE of receltpa whieli i tbe wealthy to aale tbe nedy In sesanna at dLtc . Sbe DE Iea InrtteretUng and Virlo, a1l the grrat Crimean crlehstlea fully Dased ID revIewr by tbe au-bor. trom the private Soldt' eeDcat-nD4let~ anDt n'oet acratel ? depleted. ThIa hook wi1 by every one wIth intaitet and mUtaCtt nY-.DsII 1;ews js~ Mim VP , PTndwU**4
GEOBGE BSPRENASON.* (Concluded from ke 2ime of Sept. 9.) 'When the Liverpool and Manchester Bill went nto committee of the House of Commons on the 21st of Marcb, 1825, oreat was the obstructive phalanx an its borsehair panoply. The late Baron Alderson, *he present Lord Wensleydale, and Mr. Justice lErle were among the opposing counsel, and the N ewcastle pitman, the self-ta;ught mechanic and ;unrecognized engineer, had to bear the entire brunt -of iheir galling onslaught, and to prove before the -c mmittee what the civil engineers as well as the public opinion of that day held to be impossible. Tbe task would bave been a severe test for any :wan, but to George Stephenson it was formidable b* yond all comparison. His demonstrative powers 'were not on a par with the clearness of his perceptic ns, and he imagined their deficiencies greater than they were. In proportion, moreover, to his distrust -f himself he bad an awful admiration for this caradty in others. Years afterwards, when he had becorne an import;ant personage, and was, after several invitations, a guiest at Drayton in company vith Sir William Follett and Dr. Buckland, the ingenious Dean contrived to foil him in adiscussion-which arose on one oE 'big favourite theories as to the formation of coal. +Stephensonwas completely si]enced for the time, and -tle next morning he was found by SirWilliamFollett -walking in the grounds and pondering over his -deleat. " I know," said he, :' I am right, and that if l had only the command of woi ds wbich he has I'd have beaten him." "' Let me know all about it," Paid Sir William, Cc and I vvill see what I can do for you ;" and thereupon they sat down ia an srtour, and on Stephenson's instruction the accomplished advocate mastered the points of the controversy. A trap was laid for Buickland, with tbe assistance of Sir Robert Peel, who adroitly in'troduced the subject after dinner, and in the renewed controversy the man of law overcame the wman of science. " Wbat do you say, Mr. Stephenson T' askeed Sir Robert, laughing. " Why," said he, " I will only say this, that of all the powers -hove or under the earth, there seems to be no power so great as the gift of the gab." In the commnittee-room, on the occasion to which we were referring, the gift of the gab was used against him unsparingly. " I wias not long in the witness-box," said he, '-"before I wished for a hole to creep out at. I could not find words to satisfy either the com-rmittee or myself. I was subjected to the cross-examination of eight or ten barristers, purposely, as far as possible, to bewilder me. Soine member of the committee asked if I was a foreigner, and another hinted that I was mad. But I put up with 'every rebuff, and went on with my plans, deter)nuned not to be put down." In fact, through a *cross-exsmination which lasted three days, in his strong Nortbumbrian dialect he struggled for an utterance in the face of the sneers, interruptions, and ridicule of the opponents of the measure, and even of the committee, some of whom, as he said, -whispered doubts as to his sanity, and Yet, though corrected as to his levels, he tnaintained his ground Opposing engineers roundly contradicted Kim, and opposing counsel nipped hima closely; but his evidence austained the preamble of the Bill, -which was passed by a majority of one, there being 37 for and 36 against it. The material clauses of the Bill were, however, thrown out, whereupon it was withdrawr, for the current session, and thus for a time his efforts were frustrated. The result of this first application to Parliament was so far discouraging, while Stephenson himself had been so disparaged before the comimittee that even his friends seem for a time to have lost faith in him and in the locomotive aystem, the efficiency of which he endeavoured to upbold. But the want of further channels of cornmuni-cation proved so urgent that the directors resolved to persevere, even though they might have to woi k their railway by horse-power; and, encouraged by Mr. Iusl-isson, Mr. Spring Rice, and others, they deternmined to renew their application to Parliament in the ensuing session. Other engincers of established reputation were now engaged, and a new survey was made so as to avoid the domains of L,rds Sefton and Derby. Arrangements were made with the Bridge-water Canal interests, and the Bill 'Went through a *committee of the Commons, and passed its third reading after some ludicrous objections in debate. It also passed the Iouse of Lords, the only opponents bleing the Earls of Derby and Wilton, though the cost of 6btaining the Act amounted to no less than 2, ,0001. The new engineer of the company, Mr. Rennie, now stipulated that he shiould have the appointment of the resident engineer, but the committee themselves, recognizing their obligation to Stephen. son, appointed hirn at a salary of 1,0001. per annurm. Mr. Rennie had a grievance in conuequence, but the world will now agree that had the result been otherwise Stephenson would have had a greater grievance. Once appointed, he took ini hand that portion of the work w hich the highe t engineering authorities had declared that " no man in his senses would undertake to do"-namnely, to make the road over Chat Mfoss. Chat Moss had been truly described by one of the witnesses as all pulp from the top to the depth of 34 feet, with quicksand, &c., below this. Michael Drayton sup posed it to have had its origin at the time of the deluge, and Roscoe, of the Medicis, buried his fortune in the hopeless attempt to cultihate it. Farming operations were, indeed, extending along its verge, but the horses when ploughing were prov;ded with flat-soled boots to prevent their hoofs sinking into the soil. The expedients of Stephenson to conquer this difficulty, his trenches and tallow-casks, and lavish deposits of material for his roadway have been frequently described. The work seemed all but interminable, and the directors hesitated to proceed; even StephenSOD's assistants began to be uneasy, but he declared for himself that he never for one moment doubted. As truck load after truck load went down -without apparent effect, and the insatiable bog still gaped for more material, his invariable conclusion was-" Wl e must persevere ;" and while it was rinmoured that hundreds of men and horses, and even Stephenson himself, had been swallowed up, in the end his perseverance was not only rewarded, but Chat Moss became the very best part of the entire line, wlhile the formation of the road across it cost only 28,0001. of the 270,0001. at which it had been estimated by Mlr. Giles, the opposiuig engineer and principal critic of Stephenson's proposals. Many of the other works on the line were exceedingly difficult, and were, indeed, at that day considered quite stupendous. Btit Stephenson accoraplished them partly by the capacity which he disclaimed,-to " engineer men,"-for he called into existence that formidab!e band of navvies whose handiworks are our boast even to future generations. At this time he recalled his son Robert, who, while he had been engaged on the Stockton and Darlington line, had gone, by his desire, to South Anmerica to su;perintend some mining operations. At Carthageina Robert had met with Trevethick, who had gone to Peru on a similar errand, and wbo was supposed to be making 100,0001. a-year, but to whom, as he was found reduced almost to his laat shilling, Robert had lent 501. to bring bim back to England. With the assListance of Robert the works of the Liverpool and l)Ischester line went forward, but still the adoption1 of locomotives wa gnot resolved upon. On this point Stephenson had to contend with almost all the autborities. Telford and the Rennies, who were men tne great li4hts of the engineering wcrld, wore not disposed to countenance the proposals of an obscure mechanic. Two ~other enoineers who were called in also reported against them, and Stephenson stood in a minority -of one. The locomotives seemed on the eve of being abandoned, but his urgent pertinacity and his success at Chat Moss induced the directors to give I them a tria, and even to offer a prize for the best at an appointed oompetition. Thereupon Stephenson xet to work, and in conjunction with Mr. -Booth *oonstructed the famous " Rocket" engine, the rough type of its myriad successors. A true Olympic -enDgine race camae off at Rainhill, lwben theRocket -won, attaining during its trial trip a nw-rimum velocity of 29 miles an hour, or about three times the speed that one of the judges had declared to be the limit of moEsibility. The shares of the company immediately rose IO per cent., for they were thereby relieved from the proposed expense for fixed .-angines and engine-houses ; and a social revolution was predicted by discerning spirits. The Rocket itself, which was, in fact, the mnoyning star of the mew era, went through many unworthy vicissitudes, haluling coal in its old days until it was purehaaed by Stephenson bimself and preserved aa a monument in his works at Newcastle. in the first instance it was set to work on Chat Moss to drag the gravel for the permanent way, and when the railway was opened, on the 1lth of September, 1830, it was the Rocket which crushed poor Huskisson and afterwards carried his wounded body at the rate of 36 miles an hour, a speed which was then thought incredible. The success of the company was Iorthwith demonstrated. They had based their calculations on goods traffic, while of passengers, the profitable element, they thought they might carry as many as 250 a-day. Instead of this they averaged 1,200, orcarriednearly 500,000persons yearly. The corapany'sprofits correspondingly exceeded their expectations, while it was calculated that the money saved to the public by reduced rates of carriage, to say nothing of the time saved, was not less than a quarter of a million yearly. The most curious result of the opening of the railway was its effect on the value of the adjoining land. The landlords, who had driven the surveyors from their ground, were like the princes of the story books, wbo by son3e churlish proceeding forfeit the intended presents of fairy land. Accordingly, when railways came near them a second time they hugged them too lovingly, and in more senses than one they made too much of them. It canae out before the committee on the London and Birmingham Bill, in 1833, that Lords Derby and Sefton were xcnaenting parties on that occasion, but for what consideration is not mentioned. Moreover, after these magnates bad forced the Liverpool and Manchester line from their estates, and compelled Stephenson to take it over tbe worst part of Chat Moss, they were found aftervards patronizing a second and rival line between Liverpool and Manchester, on covdition that this tine should pass thrmogh their property. Here was a triumph for the man they had threatened to duck-a quiet day's revenge for the npertiment pitman ! ln the meantime Stephensona went on improving his engines, surpassmig the " Pocket" by the "Planet" and the "Planet" by the "'Samnson," &c., and preparing the facilities tor further contests with the obstructive classes. These contests, however, were by no means of his voluntary seeking. Thatthelanded proprietors opposedasthey did theextension of the railway systemmightbe regarded either as a proof of their indifference to the public welfare,or of their unavowed desire for excessive compensation. In either case the projectors of railways were more f victims than aggressors. It so necessarily followed that, after the success of the Liverpool and Manchester line was demonstrated, other portions of the kingdom should wish to enjoy like advantages, that a series of railways were projected on every side. When the Legislature failed to satisfy this demand on a national plan, associations of private individuals entered the field. It was necessary for them to obtain powers to take land for their purposes, and by the balance of our coastit'ttior the land was possessed by those a combination of whom could grant or withhold these powers at their discretion. Accordingly it is not too much to say-in fact, it would be treason to history to say less-that legislative pi ivileges were shamefully abused for extortionate purposes. 1'be extent of the plunder-for plunder it was-will scarcely be credited when we mentioi ts gross amount as estimated in the eequel.* Of the lines set on foot at this time, and on whicl Stephenson was engaged, the London and Birmingham was one of the principal, and bere the opposition of the landowners was most determined. The principal parties who took ant active part in it were Lady Bridgewater and her trustees, Lord Essex and Sir Astley Cooper, supported by the Grand Junction Canal Coinpany. By their influence the landowners throughout the counties of Hertford and lBuckingham mere cornpletely organized. Public mneetings were leld under the presidency of the nobility and gentry, when it was unanimously determined that railways were wholly unnecessary. They were denounced as bubbles, as failures, as the projects of quacks, and it was with the greatest difficulty in many places that the surveys could be made. In one instance it was only accomplished at night by means of dark lanterns. In another instance, of a clergyman who made alarming demonstrations of his opposition, the extraordinary expedient was resorted to of surveying his property during the time he was enRaged in the pulpit. A strong force of surveyors entered his groun,ds on the one side the moment they saw him fairly out of them on the other, and they concluded their task as he concluded his sermon; then tbe sinners departed. The perseverance of the younger Stepbenson himself was such that he walked over the whole intervening districts between London and Birmingham upwards of 20 times, until the patient industry of his surveyors under the direction of Mr. (Gooch, overcame all obstacles moral and material. By the end of 1831the Parliamentary plans vere deposited. To avoid the parks of Lords Essex and Clarendon, the promoters and the public had to encounter the inconvenience of the Watford tunncl, and other concessions were made to mollify other opponents. Yet when the Bill for the altered line was introduced into Parliament in the session of 1832, the owners of nearly seven-eighths of the land required for the railway were returned as dissentients. The latter reserved their main opposition for the House of Lords,where they knewv that their principal strength lay. Tbere, thougb, as before, an overwhelming case was made out, the feasibility of the route wvas doubted and the greatest conceivable difficulties weresuggested, and, in fact,theirLordships seemed to take quite a paternal interestin the protection of the public against possible loss by the formation of the line. They required that the promoters should prove the traffic and profits of 6 to S per cent. Only a few years later the policy of Parliament had so completely changed in this respect that when the landed intt rest found that railway companies paid from six to ten times the marketable value of the land taken, Ihey were ready to grant duplicate lines through the same districts without proving any traffic whatever. In the present instance it soon appeared that the fate of the Bill had been deteimined on before a word of the evidence had been heard. An attempt at negotiation was made in the course of the proceedings, but it failed. One party even offered to the promoters to withdraw their opposition on payment to them of 10,0001., but the proposal was scouted. The directors would not, to put it in AIr. Smliles's strong but not inappropriate pbrase, " li-ibe hig2h enough," and the Bill was lost after an expense of 32,0001. had been incurred up to this stage. Yet the friends of the measure rallied and resolved to persevere. The result proved that the opposition bad been really got up for the purpose of being hought otYf for the same Bill when brought before Parliament in the following session passed silently and almost without opposition. The mystery was solved by the appearance of a circular issuied by the directors of the company, in which it was stated I that they had opened " negotiations " with the most influential of their opponents; that "these measures had been successful to a greater extent than they had ventured to anticipate, and the most active and formidable had been " conciliated." An instructive illustration of the mode in which these noble lords and influential larded proprietors had lTeen " conciliated" is presented by the simple fact that the estimate for land was nearly trebled, and that the owners were paid about 750,0001. for vwhat had been originally estimated at 250,0001. The total expenses of carrying the Bill through Parliament amounted to the frightful sum of 72,8_81. "How these engineers exceed their eatimates !" We can imagine many sueh exclamations over the port wine which was thus paid for in the valleys of Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire. The landownerrs having been thus lubricated, or, as the phrase vwas, " conciliated," the public werepermitted tohave their highway, and thus was accomplished " one of the grandest public works that has ever been achierei in England, the utilitv of which may almost be pronounced unparalleled." The contractors were new to any work on such a scale ; the tools ard machinery were imperfect; theworkmen as well as their masters had still to learn their trad e; extensive tunnels lad to be driven through unknown atrata, and one of tbeee was the famous Kilsby Tunnel, which was entailed on the proiectora by the opposition of the inhabitants of Northampton; 2,400 yards in length, and penetrating about 16(} feet below the surftace, it was let to a contractor for 99,0.001., when th discovery of a hidden quicksan. quite overwhelmed him, and,though he was liberally, or, to speak more correctly, justly relieved by the company from his engagement, the .reprieve came too late, for he took to his bed and died. Should the tunnel be abandoned ? This questimo was debated, but Robert Stephenson took therespe. usibility of proceeding, and it was eventually formet' under immense difficulties at a cost of 350,0001. ShSll the sums paid for land and compensation were in la.'ger excems of the estimates. 3,0O01. were given 'or one piece of land, and 10,00U1. for consequentia I damages, when it was afterwards made clear that tbe land had been greatly improved in value by the formation of therailway. Aftercompensationhad been paid for land alleged to have been thus deteriorated the company on purchasing any further quantity had almost invariably to pay a higher price, on the ground of its increased vatue. All sorts of payments were extorted on the most frivolous pretexts. The lax. downers discovered that they could demand acccmmodation bridges, which they did in large numbers. One originally demanded five, but afterwards came down to four, with an equivalent in the price of the bridge given up. Then he found he could do with three bridges, provided the company would pay him a further sum. in hard cash, which they were ready to do; and in like -manner he gave up the remaining bridges} on being paid a further sound aum; in fact, the bridges were wholly unnecessary and had only been insisted on as a means of extorting money from the company. At the sarme tunethe prices of labour and materialsrose considerably; the ctations required were much larger than was originally calculated upon; and the result of These extortions and natural incidents combined was the increase of expenditure till it had reached the immense amount of 5,000,OOOi., or double the original estimate, before the line was opened for public traffic. Still the income was more elastic than the outlay; the excess in tiafflic beyond the estimates was even greater in proportion than the excess in the capital expenditure. The line, of 112 miles in length, was opened on the 17th of September, 1838, and in the following year the receipta from pasenger traffic alone amounted to 608,5644., so that the company could pay a large dividend. The magnitude of the works, which were finally directed by Robert Stephenson, are compared by Mr. Smiles with the Great Pyramid, which engaged for 20 years, according to Herodotus, the labour of 100,000, and according to Diodorus Siculus of 300,000 men. If the labour, says Mr. Smiles, expended in constructing the London aud Birmingham Railway be reduced to one common denomination, the result is 25,000,000,000 of cubic feet mere than was lifted for the Great Pyramid; and yet the English work was performed by about 20,000 men in less than five years; and -while the Egyptian work was executed by a powerful wonarch, concentrating upon it the labour and capital of a great nation, the English railway was constructed in the face of every conceivable obstruction and dimiculty, by a company of private individuals, out of their own resources, without the aid of Government or the contribution of one farthing of the public money. Such in the hands of his son was a sirgle monument of the colliery eDginemau. Sirmnltaneously, as might be expec.ted, the cause of railways was generally advancing. The southern tOWnS opposed them,in some instances to their coat, for Midatone, which was in consequence, likeNorthampton, passed at a distance, eventuaUy became clamorous for an accommodatingbranch. The iamortal Sibthorpe still called them " those infernal railroads," and Mr. Berkeley, the rnember for Cheltenham, wished that their concoctors were "at rest in Paradise." That respectable noblkmax the Earl of larewood grudged the facilities which they would afford to commerce, as he doubted whether any new impetus to manufactures would be advantageous to the country. He confessed that it was " distasteful" to hina to hear the hissing of their enginea. Thus the feudal hlydra groaned and sputtered at its own compulsory retreat. Still, as railways were essential, its grievances were at least lucrative. Claimants for compeneation on account of residential injury were the most numerous and extortionate. There were claims also for injury to building land, injuiry to farms, injury to fields, and claims for " severance," which afforded more for cutting off the corner of a field than the entire field was worth. One eminent person obtained 100,0001. for a gravel-pit; and there are reported cases well known to lawyers in which the exactions were more scandalous. One ingenious claimant demanded compensation oni the ground that his cows would give less milk in consequence of the formation of the railway; another, because his Ihorses would be frightened at the noise of the trains, and would kick each other. Thus the Hydra wanted eau-de-cologne for his vapours, as well as satisfaction and spermaceti for his bruises. Yet the landlords found that farms in 'he neighbourhood of railways let for higher rents; the metropolitan market-gardeners, who anticipated ruin, found themselves provided with new markets for their produce; the canal-owners were soon astounded by the fact that, notwithstanding the traffic of the rail, their own traffic and receipts continued to increase ; the cattleowners were amazed to find the price of horseflesh rising. Fares, on the other hand, were reduced one-third; accidents had become rarer; pawsengers of all ranks and conditions, the shopkeeper and peasant, were carried along at the same speed as the duke and the baron -the only difference being in price. The latter facility was, however, one of the deplorable incidents of this levelling age. It put an end to that gradation of rank in travelling which was one of the few cherished distinctions left; so that, in fact, the old families were the last to resort to it. Fitz.battleaxe would even send his servants and luggage by rail, while he himself jogged along the old highway in the accustomed family chariot, drawn bythe screwyposters fromtheBattleaxe Arms. At length he condescended to the accelerated pace of his portmanteau and his cookmaid. It was not, however, till the year 1843 that so great a man as the Duke of Wellington would trust himnself behind a locomotive. But hi his case there was the natural prejudice caused by the fatal accident to Huskisson in his presence. In 1843 he performed his first trip on the South-Western Railway in attendance npon Her Majesty. Prince Albert had for some time been accustomed to travel alone by railway; but in 1842 the Queen began to make use of the same mode of conveyance between Windsor and London, after which the antipathies of even the most prejudiced were effectually set at rest. During the construction of the main line of communication between London, Mancbester, and Liverprol, numerous similar projects had ripened into c'efinite plans and were now in active progress. In 1836 Stephenson was professionally concerned for the North Midland, the York and North Midland, the Manchester and Leeds, the Birmingham and Derby, and the Sheffield and Rotherhaam. In one sc,sion 214 miles of now railway, after the d signs of our engineer, were authorized to l e constructed, at an expenditure of upwards of 5,000,0001. sterling. He also assisted his ron in laying out the Chester and Birkenhead and the Chester and cOrewe, and he was twiee in Parliament assisting Mr. Brunel to get the Great Western Act. In fact, up to 1841 he could boast there was hardly a railway in England he had not had to do with. We findhin in 18S8onthe Black- wall line in conjunction with MIr. Bidder, and it is especially worthy of notlee that here he, who was always ready to adopt improved mnodes of orking, railways, employed the electric telegraph at a very early period to regulate the working of that line; in fact, he was one- of the first of the- railway engineers who recognaied its advantagea for this purpose. The North Midland was, however, a favourite line of his for mamy good reasons. Its works were of a formidable character; it passed through a rich minine district aad opened up many valuable coalfaelds; and it foamed art of the great main line of comnmueication between london axd Edinburgh, on the completion of which he had set his heart. HEis biographer compares it with the road over the Simplon, tban which it appears a much greater work. Moreover, Stephenson wss not mistaken as to its importance in opening up new markets for the vend of coal. He himself took a lease of the Claycross Colliery somewhat in anticipation of the demand, and Po far was ahead of his time; but t1-Ie quaatities of coal since brought to London, both on the Midland and Great Northern Railways, nave fulfilled his predictions, and the coalowner s and coal consumers have been proportionp.t-qe benefited., He also invested largely in Nvr.th Mid'lad shares, took a residence at Taptjn-house, a central point on the railway, whieh wm opened ia 1840, about the same time as a e of other lines, comprising 321 miles of raiway Which were conI stnld uaidu his a pezin ence at a cost ot eleven millions sterling, and which in the course of two years were added to the traffic acwomaoodation of the country. At this date we reach the series of ceemonial openings, of dinners, and compliments to his energy andgenius. Sic itur ad astra; the pitman was now wectoreous. Moreover, he had created a bandof men, hispupls irs, ad aterrars hs asitants, -who were competent to the vork which in due course he must relinquish. He had selected them with tact and judgment, and they were his devoted fellowworkers, for he always encouraged talent where he could, and was ever ready to acknowledge his obligations to others. There ate those -who can still remmtnber the cheery expressions by which he induced them to enter into his plans-the ready "Look here, lads," "we must carry our levels there," or " we must try back here," and the explanations which he was at pains to add for their benefit. At this time his attention was direeted to the completion of his system, and, as he had supplied the more important districts of Yorkshire and laucashire,it was his endeavourto embrace Scotland on the north and Ireland on the wrest, and to place the capitals of those divisions of the united kingdom in direct communication with London. For this he made his surveys between Newcastle and Edinburgh, and gave his advice with respect to the Chester and Holyhead, &c. But, on account of the state of the money-market, the railway interest suffered a reaction after 1837, and some of these projets languished for a time in consequence. In 1837 there had been not fewer than 118 notices of new Bills. In 1838 and 1839 only five companies obtained Acts. in 1840 not one; in 1841 only one small branchi line from Hertford to Ware, and even that was not constructed; in 1842 two or three only; and it was not until 1844 that the tide rose again, and then became an absolute mania of speculation. But before this time camae George Stephenson was preparing to shake himself free from harness. He had run a noble course and his life's great work was dore. Another school was rising, that of the " faste engineers, who aspired to be original, and who were unwilling to follow closely in the footsteps of the comparatively uneducated men who had gathered their experience in the Newcastle coalpits. As even to this day engineers will seek to distinguish themaselves from their fellows without occasion, as the Western engineer wil use Northern stone, and the Northern engineer will use Western stone, so in those days improvements, or atleastnovelties, in railway engineering were freely designed. It was proposed, for example, to admit gradients of more difhcult ascent in place of the level lines so much insisted on by Stephenson; and this new arrangement was pretentiously designated " the undulating system." Mr. Brunel, al4o, in projecting the Great Western line fixed on a broader gauge, and was unhappily supported by his confiding company, which not only entailed on itself a greater outlay for construction andworking expenses, but inflictedupon the country that great inconvenience of a break of gauge, the effects of which were first decisively manifested at Glocester, and in corLtinuation of which came the " Battle of the (Gauges," with its costly coi,tests, and their probable iasue as yet undeterinined. Stephenson was from the first opposed to the adoption of the broad gauge, for he held that the gauge 'which had already been adopted on the northern Lines was amply sufficient *for the public accoramodation. Be urged its greater safety where the cuirves were at all sharp, and its much greater economy in every material circumstance. He was not, indeed, examined before the Gauge Comnmission of 1845, for he had by that time, in a great measure, retired from the active pursuit of his profession; but he was ably represented by his son on that occasion, whose evidence for his father's gauge was regarded as complete and conclusive. Another favoutrite idea of the " fast" school of engineers was the substitution of atmospheric pressure for locomotive power in the working of railways. This he carefully looked into, and came to the conclusion "It won't do ; it's only a gimcracka great humbug; wait a little and you will see that I am right." After all, it was only a modification of the fixed engine plan, and every day's experience was proving that the fixed engine could not compete with the locomotive in point of efficiency and eeonomy. He stood by the locomotive, and oxperience justified him. G(eneral Pasloy reported in favour of the atmospheric; M:r. Cubitt and other engineers approyed it; MIr. Brunel adopted it on the South Devon Railway, butthelocomotive replacedit. " Nothing," said George Stephenson, " will beat the locomotive for efficiency in all weathers, for economy in drawing loads of average weight, and for powver and speed as occasion may require." Thus, his consistency was no common stubbornness, but a result of his clear judgment, developing his invention to its practical limits and restingt immovably there. He stuck to the rails when a committee of the House of Commons reported decidedly in favour of the use of locomotives upon common roads, and he adhered to locomotives as combined with the rails, when the Council of the Institute of Civil Engineers conceived it easy and natural to supplant them. Were not the wheel and rail, as he had said, " man and wife " He had hailed their union years ago, and, with a faith grounded upon reason, he protested strenuously against their divorce. Markthe clear purpose of the practical man who had wrought changes enough himself to make him enamoured of change, but who steadfastly stopped short of speculative and empical projects. He was no vague enthusiast even as to his own great achievements. He insisted that, after all, the power of the locomotive was but limited; and although he had done more, and, in conjunction with his son, was doing more, to increase Its working capacities than any other engineer, it provoked him to find that every improvement which he made in it was neutralized by the steep gradients which the fast school of engineers was setting it to overcome. In respect of cheapness and speed he had attained his object, an object conceived in no sordid spirit when he said he hoped to see the day " when it would be cheaper for the poor man to travel by railway than to walk," and he pressed his victory over time and space and the inequalities of our social state no further than was practicably convenient and remunerative. The mention of remuneration, indeed, suggests another point to be remembered in his behalf, the staternent with respect to which we extract from Mr. Smiles:- t "In opposig tbe views of the fast school of engineers, as to the alteration of the gauge, the employment of atmospberic pressure, the formation of * undulating' lines, and the increase of speed, Mr. Stephenson was actuated by a jast regard to the commercial part of the question. He had no desire to build up a reputation at the expense of railway sbareholders, nor to obtain engineering 9clas *oy making 'ducks and drakese of their money. He was persuaded tbat, in order to secure the practical success of railways, they mnst be so laid out as not only to prove of decided public utility, but also to be worked economically and to the advantage of their proprietors they owere not Govemnment roads, but private ventures-in fact, commercial specnlations. He, therefore, endeavoured to reader them commnsreiaDy profitable; and he repeatedly declared thatif he did not believe they could be ' made to pay,' he would h4ve nothing to do with them. He frequently refused to aot as the engineer for lines which he thought would not prove remunerative, or wbea he considared the estimates too low. He was not ambitions to ba thought a railway genius, but rather to be regarded as the engineer of weo and profitable railowys; sad the success. which attended his arrangements fully provoa the olidi5 of his iudA-ekt i this respect." An ample test of his honesty and coeiaideration for ahareholders remain yet to be mentioned to his everlasting credit. When the wvhole nation -was turned into ganblbrs in 184-6, Parliament, whose previous conduch in eonnexiesx with railway legislabion w as so OpiR. to reprehension, now erred in the other directic.a It interposed no check, attempted no remedy, but, on the contrary, helDed to intensify t1o, mania that existed. Not fewer than 157 of its members were on the lists of new corrpamies. The railway prospectuses now isued, unlike the original Liverpool and Manchester' and London and Birmingham icbemes, were headed by peers, baxonets, and sttings of M.P S. The projzctors of new lines even came to bo. At of their Parliamentary strength, and of the n' Amber of votes which they could coirtnand in ' 'the Rouse-" The influence which landowners, had formerly brought to bear upon Parliamaent iEn resisting railways when called for by the public neessities was now employed to carry measures of a very different character. On behalf of these measures it was strongly suspected that hor. membera adopted what YanTee legislators cepsc "lo,rolling>"-that is, " you help me to roll i-y log, and Ihelp you to rollyours." Some of themn, it is said, even sat at railway boards, selling to t.Germtelves their owrn land at their own price, and pa-ying themselves with the money of the unfortunAte shareholders. In this saturnalia of stags and sharpers no scheme was so mad that it did not find pa @ngineer, s4o clledz ready to eudorse it and give it currency; and fortunate were the sohcitmu considered who succeeded in bagging an engineer of reputation for their prosDectus. At this conjunctureStephenson was anxiously entreated again and again to lend his name in this way, but he invariably refused. Had he been less scrupulous he might, without any trouble, have thus earned an tnormous income; buthe hadno desire to accumulate a fortune witbout labour and without honour. He conacientiously stood aloof, and endeavoured, but in vain,to deter those who were imperiUing the system which he had to laboriously worked out from engaging in these rash and worthless schemes. Deputations, beaded by lords and members of Parl i ment, waited upoa him and entreated him to act as consulting engineer for their lines; but, instead of complying, he entreatedther to desist, pointing out the ruinous consequences of their procedure; and now that the story is told to his honour and their shame, we make our bow to his superior integrity. We may ourselves, as public critics of wholesale delusions, claim some credit for our warnings in this direction, especially as at the time they were uttered they involved some sacrifice on our part ; but we must remember how Stephenson had been opposed by the classes who now flattered and invited him to use them, before we can properly estimate his: invineible honesty, or the moderation with which he enjoyed the fruits of his victories. The completion of the eoast line from Newcastle to Berwick was one of the very fev projects in which he was professionally concerned in the mad session of 1845; and it was the last great Parliamentary contest in which he took part. Here the locomotive triumphed over the atmospheric system espoused by Lord Howick and Mr. Brunel, the latter of whom when Stephenson met him in Newcastle he goodnaturedly shook by the collar and asked what busiress he had north of the Tyne. Stephenson projected, but he did not live to see completed, the high level bridge over that river, of which his son was the principal engineer. The inhabitants of Newcastle talked of erecting a statue to him on this "king of railway structures," as it has been properly called, but their admiration ended in words, as did that of the shareholders interested. No substantial testimonial can he be said ever to have received for his unrivalled services. He was the four-der of a school of modern engineers, but he waz never admitted a member of the Engineers' Institute. He received no honour or mark of approbation from the Government of his country or fromi his Sovereign.. He was once offered a piece of Government patronage, but it was the appointment of a walking postman between Chesterfield and Chatsworth, who was to walk eight miles thete and eight miles back every day with the letter-bags, and who was to receive the stipend of 12s. a-week; but 'chis piece of patronage, we have his son's authority to say, he declined. Mr. Stailes speculates on the difference had he been a native of France. For the distinguished services he had rendered to civilization he was indeed appointed a Knight of the Order of Leopold in May 1835. As early as this year he was consulted by the Ring of the Belgians as to the formation of the oat efficient systemn of lines throughout his kingdom, and his designs were sanctioned and his abilities honoured more freely there than on his native soiL. Here his l:onours were confiaed to some tributes of applause at public dinners, and to the statue by Gibson which the Liverpool merchants have honoured themselves by erecting to his memory in St George's-haLl His health was shaken by a journey which he took into Spain with Sir Joshua Walimsley to examine and report on "'the Royal North of Spain Railway," and which on inspection and inquiry he discountenanced, -with a consideration for the shareholders which many of themc did not appreciate till late. His closing labours were chiefly devoted to his extensive colieries at Clay-cross and his lime works at Ambergate, on behalf of the latter of which he actively promoted the Ambergate and Manchester Railway, which received the sanction of Parliament in 1848, and which was the last line in the promotion of which he took any part. A pleasing picture is given of his closing years at Tapton, rearing pumpkins, petting an,imals, hatching birds' eggs by artificial heat, and conceiving and applying glass cylinders to take the sharp curves and gradients out of his cucumbers. Il 1847 be invented a new self-acting break. In the same year he was present wben Sir Robert Peel cut the first sod of the Trent Valley line. This was the last meeting he attended, with the exceptlon of a soiree at the Leeds Mechanics' Institute, where he encouraged his aaudience, as his custom was, in homely phrase, by telling the story of his life sand pointing its moraL The rest of his days were spent at Tapton with his dogs, rabbits, and birds, and in the culture of exotics. In fact the heat of his forcing houses is thoughtto have brought on the fever which carried him 0of on the 12th of August, 1848, in the G7th year of his age. Of his personal bearing, though it must be allowed that he was sometimes rtgged and irritable, Mr. Smiles observes that " he was one of nature's gentlemrn," and "nothing was more remarkable than his extreme ease and self-possession in the presence of distinguished and highly educated persons." WVe can ourselves testify to the neatness of his dress and the sober dignity of his deportment. Like many other simple and natural characters, he appears to have retained his boyishness to the very last. To the last he knew every bird's nest on his grounds, and we haveheard, though Mr. Smiles does not mention it, that till late in life he would sometimes invite Mr. Bidder to a quiet wrestle in their office when business was slack. In play or in toil his spirit was competitive, and his aim- {C ttV aptarasyiv, KaOL drpernOXOV r1twvat \ 'aM ." A chivalrous impulse modernized into sobriety, a genuine love of his kind without yeasty enthusiasm, an indomitable perseverance, with exemplary honesty, were the chief moral qualities which fitted him for his work. Besides the judgment, invention, and other m7enm capacities of which his thorough workmanship proved his possession, the characteristic for which we were least prepared was his element of mental speculativeness, approximating almost to imaginative pOwer. It is said by one who knew him intimately, and who is not prone to take an exaggerated view of character, that there were times when his eye kindled and his frame dilated under the influence of some conception which lie had been working ouit ab3tractedly, and when. in homely, but Inminous' phrase he became actually eloquent. At such moments the discerning auditor was conscious that be was in the presence of one of nature's great ones, and saw the manifestation of an inner genius which was ordinarily hidden from observers. An incident of his Drayton visit is in this sense very remarkable:- "One Sunday, when theoparty had just returned froma churci, they were standing together orn the terrace near the ha4l, and observed in the distnceo a railway train flashing along, tbrowing behind it a long line of whito steam. 'Now, Buckland,' said Mr. Stephenson, ' I have a poser for you. Can you tell rae what is the power that is driving that train?' 'Well said the other, I suppose it is one ot your big engines.' sat whnSdrives ieo engine?' 'Oh, very likely a canny yNewcastle driver.' ' What do Jyou say to. the light of tbe san?' 'lOw can that be?' asked tha doctor. * It is nothing else,' said the engineer; ' it is light bottledup in theearthfortensof thonsandsof`yeaxs,-light, absorbed by pbnts and vegetabks, being necessary for the condensation of oarbon during. the proews of their groewih.i if it be not carbou in. another i rnn,-and nowr, af tei bcAng buried in the exarh for)ongaes in fields of coal, tbAt lsm,t tight is again brought fsth abd liberated, mrade to wonk, as in that locomotive, fer great human purposes.' Thr. isle& was certinly zsnost striking and original one; likes?. fi sh of light. it illuminited in an instant as entire EW, of science." Such, then, was George Stephenson, man amd boy, pitma.n and pranS of the powers of his cent,aLy. The hero of as great a revolution as this or anDy ago has witnessed, was morally an unpretending' character, with a curiceas interest in Nature and her ways'. But he lived to cast a mighty net, a his signet mark on t1se earth's surface haa be e ruled iD lines of iron. Ile is the patriarch of `Ae iron age, itit its levelling principles, its ex8nnaive forces, Aani it& acelerated progres. Not till the proesnt century has cloeed will it be easy toj a&ge the changes he has wrought in our habits an, inclination, by 'his single invention. Class cannt participate wvith elass the power of ranging to an7 fro, nation cannot visit nation, tbh ends of the ear'i cannot be brought togetber, 'without consequencr9 of which thus far we know only the commepncemf_et N.bhen gunpowder brought equality inte, the b-Wtlefiel, and the printing press brought it ir.to the hulrch and the assembly, we know that bemetlhing further followed; the course of mo.ern history was altered, and the pulses of pub',wc life began to floe'. And now we are getting ,quality of material resources, equality in our deallings with tim,e and space. Will nothing ome of this hereafter I' Of the rail and wheel- - Stephn son's " m1 and v:ife "-may not our 5'jn, ant. O .tr 6oUS' sons look for the pr-geny 7 iWe must IQt forget-and this i5 a sflg1vUw q Ub 72,'7 .L?.c of Gecrcge Slephim-on, iailgo!y _Elpij7ep,. ;t kwputl NmiUs, uua l, 163T. * In the elaborate and Important paper on the '- lUwxy Syitem and its Results" which Robert Stepbensoij read to the civil engineers In Jalnuary, 1856, and which Ar. Smiles has judicious2v printed as sn appendix to his volume, we see it estimated that of 26,O0,000,Mt of milw,my capital ex. pendedup to tbat tine one-fourtb, or Mpw7ards of scevnty mWionis, has gone solely for land and conVdaysnoing. As it D10'y bh fairly aqssed that rwilway have. raised the valae °'t the oontemninous Isnd to an extent at least equal to the value of the land they have takel, we tan estimate the con. sequent gzaixn to the landed i',terest at tbe expense of the shayeholders. This is not, l) rbaps, St soothing reflection in Ithse& zs,of din.nisbing di- idenda, but it is worth remen17e3s 14 PA Adluatmn9r ' the clst aqw of t4e sentuy, ject for regectklan-that this Is the first of the great revolutionary inten-tions with which we cia go definitely couple aname. We don'tknuowwhodiscovered the Mariner's Compavls. The two others we have mentioned-Gunpowdt rand the PfltingPressesare asociated with doubts a*s to their origin, date, or authorship. Ditferent uasions and different ages of the wor}d dispute the fil st. Faust, Gutemberg, Koster, and others lay claim no the second. In this case the Newcastle pitrman's protensions are certain. He may not have been vastly atead of his cotemporaries; it in alrays proved that no great inventor is that. There are always a number cof persons whom he barely anticipater, who are moving m the same direction towrdis a similar goal, but of whom he just oontriva to get a fortunate start. It matters not, however, at iheekee of the sourae wbether the race is won by one length or many; nor ought it to leseu our tribute to the wianer. The world has seen a great perfbrmence; it kes. acquired in our day one of the grandest instruments of its civilization, and gratefully, and vithouit stint of respect for its author, we must inscribe ox it for ever the namne of George Stephenson.
TEE H3EALTH aP LONDON. (FCrom the Weekly R1t'mrn o0fSbe tegistrr-GenersL) Ge-Ie-I Register-oe, -S#ereet EHouse, spt. 14. Tbe pre3nt Metumn indivater aw improved condition of the publiohe2alth. The de.Abs reg5stered in Londox in th, week that ended on Saturdeq (Septmber 12thiwere 1,023; during sevenuprevious weeks, they ese In three instaneo aboveI,200J.anitthelowesttweklyn'nber wo1j0 . If the averge rate of mortality, derived from daths by alL causes (except the cholera of two epidemnic seaso4s a they occurred in oormsponding weebw of the 10 year lS47-56r had prevailedlAst week, the nrsuber oP deaths would have, been greater by l8thin that w:nhW actaJly returned. Diarhs continues to decline, and *la*week the docrease, was more deoldod thee it has reoenN been. The deatfrom. khis disease, which in the two previous woehs wvele 198and 181, have fallen to 144. Darint the laot fortni&ht the' mean weekly temperatmre ws shont605degreee, being les, by 6 deg. and 6de.g than it had been. in the latter hlf of' August, and less by 8dsg. than it had been in the great best of Julr. Of the 144. de3ahs from dircrhoea lccurresd to rhildren; and of nine ktths frora sholera oT-"choleraic diarrhoea all ocourred ta- very young ehildren, except one. Fight deaths are referrod io dysentery, and these, alo, with 5ne emezption, oocurredceteyoung Persome; The deathsfrom gcarlatina rose to. 44, and of theae 11 cecured in the west aIstricts and nine in the sentraL Of 39 from typhns and Dommon fever none-oounaml in the central districts. SmallpO waS fatal in oly. two caes. One peroor. died f inter - perance, one from want of food, oae from grief, one from a wound received in disection; a Laecar (in the Dreadnought lhip) from scurvy, The deaths of five nonagenalans we Included in the return.-vvi., two women who died at the Lge of 011years, two widowe at the ae of 94, an"m spinster Who diedirs Bow atthe-ag of 97 yeas. Last week the births of 8k3 boys and 762 glr}3,-in all L,575 children,-were registered in London. Ii the ten :orresponding weeks of the- y4ars 1847-56 the average number was 1,443. At the Royal Observatory.> Greenwich, the ram height if the barometer in the week was 29'542in- The- greatest barometrio pressure was-29'76in. on Monday. Themeantem. perature of, the week waa 6056eg., which is 29deg. above the average of the same week- in 43 years (aS determined by nr. Glaisher). 1he tiertnomober was atite highest point in the shade on Sunday, when it was 75-7deg.; it fell to its Iowest point on the day fOllOWIDg, when it WVs 514deg. The thermometric range of the week was therefore 24 3deg. rho moan daily range wes16deg. The mean dew-point temperature was 56'4deg., and thb difference between this Ld the mean air temperatoie was 4 deg. The wind had on 5very day, or on part of every day, a soutli-westerly point. Rain fell to the depth of 2'24in., uearly all of which fell on ruesday and Prlday. OA Fridat the amount was 116in. Rain fell almost incessantly froma. 10 o'clock on the evening. Df Thursday till 3 o'clock in the-afternoon of Friday.
BRr3DIEPWENERAL EA YELOCK. (Frora the 2u.trait4 Losdon iVews.) Brigadier-General Henry Hsveock was born at Bishops-. rearmouth, neat Sunderland, in 179.x His father, who vas descended from a family which bad long resided at Primsby, havin a ccumulated aeindependence in commerce and shipboildiag at Sunderand) prchawed Ingress-park, sear Dartford, iii the county of Xient. Re was married to idaughter of the family of Etriok, which had been seated 'or many genertions at Eigh Barnes. Henry Havelook was educated at the Charter-house, where he had as his con;emporaries Lord Paunumre, D. Thirlwall, the Bishop of 3t, David's, Dr. Wwdington, the DeaN of Durham, the late 4ycdeacon Hare, George Grote, the bitorian of Greece; 'ir Willam MHghten, the unfortunate Envoy to Cabal 3ir William Norris, late Recorder of Penang; Sir Charles Eastlake, and Mr. Yates, the actor. In I1I3, in oonsequenoc >f the decline of his father's fortunes, Ingress-park was sold so Government, and Havelock Wv& ewatered of the Middle remple, and attended the lootures. of Chitty, the eminent ipeoial pleader, where his most intimate associate was the late Sir T. Talfourd, the anuthor' of. T. lSHis elder brotber William had distinguished himself-in the-Peninsular wvar anci at Waterloo, and HIenry, yielding.to the military propensities if his family, vedeavonred through his.interet to obtain a, hommission. .Anonth after the battle of Waterloo he was Lpponted second lieutenant in the Rzfl'e Brigade (the 05th), shiere his military training waseisted by Captain, aftersards Sir Hrry Smith, tlse victor' oF hli'wal. Havelock worved for eight years in England, Scotlands and Ireland, aid having at length exchanged into bhe 14kl3 Light In'antry embarsed for India in 1823. In 1824 the first Burmeso war broe- ou, and Havelock was appointed Deputy Assitant-Adjiutant- General, and was rresent at the actions at Napadee, Patanneoa, and Paghan. )n the termination of the warhe was 2esocated with Captain Lnmsden and Dr. Knox oan a mission to. the Court of Av;, ,nd had an audience of the " Golden Foot," when the treaty )f Yandaboo was signed, In 1S27he published the Hist&ry of 7he Ava Cesapaiqas, remarkable for the freedom of its commeats on the trarsactions-of the war. In that year he was appointed Adjutant of the-Military Bep6t fonmed at Chinsnrah by Lord Connbermere, and soonafter.ms,ried theyoungest laughter ef the late Re.. Dr.. Mrrshman, of Serampore. hbe ehinsarah establishment twas soon afier broken up, and Jiavelock returned to his regimens. He subsequently visited Calcutta, and, having passed in the languages at the collge, was appointed adijtant of his conps by Lord William Ban. tinck. The corps was tJen under the command of Colonel, afterwards Sir Mobert 3ale., in 1838 prsoeoc wasp moted to a company after having sorved 2S years as a subal. tern. An army was now collected for tbe invasion, of Affgbanistan, and Havelock accompanied ib on the staff of 3ir Wi'loughby Cotton. e we22r throug. tbe int ffghc.an ampaigu, was present at the storm of Gcuzneou and the occupat&ion of Cabul, c then return to India with Sir Wl]loughby Cotton. Having obtained lea-Te to visit the Presidency, he prepared a ZIcmoj" ef,e , j5lI -A CaOw. potm, whieb was coonL after prin'ed in London. He returned to the Punjnco in cbnrg of a-detawhment, and was placed on the staff' of General Biphinst;one, as Persian interproter. The Eastern Ghil2xs ha ngrisemand blockaded Cabul, Eavalock wes sent to join Sir, Joberte Sc3e, then marchiag bach to India, and was present at the forting of the Kihoord Cabal Pass, at the action of Toeen,. &amd all the other engag2ments of that force Lit reachad Jellalabad, In conjunetion with his frienads, Major Mharegor :ad. Captain Br&adfoot, he had the chioivdirection,msder Sala, of the memorable defence of-that place, of wFhich he sote all the despatches which were afterwards sohighly commended by Sir George iurray. In. the final attack cn Mabomed Akbar ih April, 1S4S which obliged that chi:s to raise the siege, Havelock commanded the right columa,n and defeated him before the other columns. eceuld come up. For this he wfaspromoted to a brovet maority,and was made Companion of the Bath. Hle was then nominated-Peraian interpreter to General Pollock, and was present at the action of MlanooRell, and tho second engagemert-at Teze3n. He then proceeded with Sir John. M'Cesld'its force into tho ohintan, and had anImportant share inx t;>e brilliant affair at Ietlifi The next-year he was promotad to a regimenGa Ivjarity, rnd nominated Yrsian inteozreter is the commasder i-chief, Sir Rugh (afterwartds -53scounntGough. it the dose of. 1&43 he ncecwnpauiel the atmy to GwaUior, and was DCgaged in tho battle of Mahamsporem in 1s44 he. was promoted to the rank of hleutensat-oolonal- by brevet. In 1845 he pro4omed with thc arm, tWmneet tice invasion of, ihe SikNs, and was actively nagea na 'ahe battles of MoodI)ee, B6eeoeshah, and Sobraon. At, Moodkeo he had twin horses shot under him; at Sobraon a third hoese was souitten. dow-a by a cannon-shot, which pa- sied through tho saddlecloth. On the oonclusion of the Sutlej camipaign he was appointed Deputy Adj,tant-Gen exl of the Queen's troops: at Bcmbay. rhe soceed 'iih a ay- now broke out, and his eldar brother, Colonel Williol a lavelock. was kiUled at Ramnuggur. His owvn regi-cent. the .Sd, having been ordered into the field, he qui tied his staff employment at lombay, in order to join it, and he proceeded as far as ladors, when his further p-.ogsess was countermanded, and he returned to his post. T VontY-five years of incessant and laborious seric now begs 4 to tell on his costitution, and his medicl advisers in 15F49 sent hint to Erope for two veass for the restoraticti of his health. He returned to Boaubesyjin 1}851, and V/a soon after made baset-colone1 and appointed, throug'A the kindnos of Lord Uardnge, by whore ide he had fo' ght in the three battles of the butlej. Quartermaster-GOt .raL, and then A&duitant-General, of Queen>s troops inL l dla On thb deepatc of the expeditionto Persia e w5 a ppolnted to the second division, and coo-. minded the tr0ee,ps at Mobaunmeraih, the glory of which action ws, hov svver. reserved for the naval force. On *he conc)lusion of ',seco he returned to Bombay, and erabbxrked in the E rin f or Cslcutta, in w¢hich ve.sel he wans wecked, in April last ,, off the coast of Ceylon. Five days alter he obtained a p,.smpeg in the Fire Qneen, and on reaching Calcutta WAS immediately sent up to Allababad as Brlgadier. !General. to command the nnovable column w ith whilch he has no' ,,, in three decisive actions, defeated the Mlabratta fiend, hiena Sabib. It is singular that in all these engace.. rner ni-in Burmahs, in Affehanistan, at Gwvahier, in the Su dcej campaigns, and in Persia-though generally exposed. I e the hottest; fire,_he has never been wrounded. ITsiu ScoyrniE NDOwttur SClrssr-Her Majetea lte (Queen has contrihoted the sulm of 50Olb towards tbe Iindowmsnt Schemueof the Established Church.-S-Tontrox Etandurd, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ t
T OST, n or nea Rrgent-street,a GOLD PAiDLOCK LOOKEZT, with eemeo head. Whoever will bring the same to ). Maldvahil, lgswar-ro4 rhbareeive TEN IiRILLING8 3ELlWARD. jy LETROVObLT SCHOOL of SCIE1N O1 APPIiC to MaNING wad the AETH-Tho PROSPRcTVS f ee the ensuing see3on, 1t17.8, sootnining Information about the leoturns, lbboratorles, fees do., hs i,eT ad wlll be sent on appLiction to Trenham Roks e4l q., Munsem or Prctlc. Geolo~gy, Jermynerem Lodon. R.ODBEItIO L. MUROH U , rXeoo. ECOLLEUE, Ewter-roul, W. She 17th Inst. UT ot the OcJle6e wfU ao£°oa Thur The Rev. CHARLEs MHA ENZIE, Principal, wiU attend on WedO neydar, u tU 12 o'clock, to receive and enter zeir ups. Septt. 9. 1857. LiVWILlAM N. IHon. Sec. jEB,MAJ ESTYIs THEATRE.-Provlncial Tour.- J.ewFFtle, Dublin.-Itli-n Opena-Plcoolomlnl, Spezla. Bowsa, 3 o,0 Bellttl Belac, Benenntano, Bowlt, ero rell, AIdL and ilugbS wUl nDea-at Norwich. on the Itth Of Septemer: Iolver. ampton, on the 21st; Leiceter, on the 22d; Leaminaton, on the 28d i Chelenham, on the 24th, Brighton, on the 28th; Readlng en tue 29th; Birmlngham, on tne 3Oh; lNottiugham, on the lntot Odober: Hull 'Grand Mudo-hall). on the 2d; Newcastle, from the 5th to the 8th; Dublin, on Ihs 12th. E,R, MAJESTY'x THEATRE.-T wo Extra Performancea only, at Redoe4d Prices, on Friday. Sept. 18, and urdty. Eopt. 19-elcoolom,nn Spez, Ortol3an, iluinglu, Bone. Tout no, VBe)lettL-On Pridar, Sept. 18, IL DON 1(v . 119LOn a turday, p a t& and the Grand Ecens from thT dActot1Trovatore: by Sinor Giulint. Prioea: Boxea to &oomroodate four perdolse, grmd U%r Pit tier, and oue por, ;w t * two pair £1 a I three pair 1, a' gallery boxen ) is 6d.: D!pt A;alih 1b. a L: plt,'i3a 6d. * gallr ta"; 3e 6d * and aqlr, 2a. Applicationsi to be miade at the box offloe ofttbe Sheatre. rljIHEATR.E RtOYAL, DRURYB-LANE, will open LMonday, Septembe-r 21It, for irx nights, with bMr. Roberta, an American trgedian, in ktenigee' play of A hEW WVAY TO PAY OLD DEBT8. Sir Gles Overresch, Mr. Roberts (his hirat appearance in England). Mr. Smith, in introducing a popular actor of the United 8taten to the notice of the public, on the boards of the national theatrae in a rerien ol Shakspearlan charaters, feebs asured that the same conelderation wll be granted to a satnger that ls In every caae ao liberally btetowed on the artlatei of Great Britain visting the Atlantc citlesthe united countrien forming but one stage for the developement of talent and enterprise. Prices:-Upptr gallery, 6dL; luwer gallery, Id.; upper boxes ,Is. 6L: pit, Is. I boxes (Wst circle). 2a. 6d.; area circle, A&; p rivate coxes, id& Fcd and xi lb. FIItHJATR]I ROYAh, AYMKAKET,la, J. CstherinelSinolalr,cotnduingto be recelted with great enthusas, will repeat the charater of Beatlice (tor the ninth time) This hvenin Wedneadr.y); and wlU appear (for the firt time) To-morrow (Thurstay) as Lady Teazle.-4nby nlyht thin week of the comedy of Victimna hal-rice.-THSEVENINQ (Wednesday), tooomuene at 7 with Shaknpeate's comedy of MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHLqNG defnedlck, Mr. Howe; Dogberry, Mr. Oompton; Beatrice, Mrs. Cathersne Sinclair; Hero, Mien M. Olver. Alter which (only night thits week at hall-priceL the new comedy of VI10IMbl: Mir. Buckstone. Mr. Howe, ttr. W. arsren, bMr. Roger, Ml MA King, Miss Hl. Oliver, im. Poynter &o. Concluding with the ballt of TkIH GLEANEPRS 2o-morrow (hursday), and on Friday and Saturday, to commence greclaely at 7 with The School for Scandal. Sir Peter Teazle Mr Chippendale; Joseph Surface, Mr. Howe ; Charlea Surface (fDint time), b1. W. Farrmn ; Lady Teasle Ifr^At time in this country), Mrs. Cathe. rine Sinclair; Lady Sneerwell, hIss. Prynter ; and Mr, Candour, eghe Talbot. After whiclh (by desire), the oomedy of A Cure for Love. in wbhch Mx.i Btcestone witl austan his original character of Mr. baldgrove (a dinappolnted lover. Concluding with The Swiss Cottage. IpiHEAT1E ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Great Attracn tion.-Second Week of Mr. T. P. Oooke.-Reeival of the celebrated nautical drama of The Pilot, in which Mr. T. P. Cooke wil rmUin hbi orlg&al chaacter of Long Tom Coffln.-ThIe acreaming tureas of Urgent Private Affairs and My Precious Betay every night.- 'HIDS EVENING, URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS: by tesirn. Wright, P. BedloTd. C. Belby, Wii Mry Eeeley. WIth the revival ofthe celebratednautical drrama of THIA PILOT, with new scenery dreaeo, do., and in which Mr. T. P. t wai nutain his origl chracter of Long Tom Coffin. Other cbaracern by Meson. Wright, C. Belhy, BUllngton, J. Blan4 Garden. F. Hall, C. J. Smith. Mia^ M1ary Keeley Miem Arden, do. And MY PRB15IOUS BETSY . by xessm Wright. P. Belford ; Misa X. Keeley, Mr Chatterley. 1) OYAL LYCEUM THEATRE.-Lessee, Mr. .-DiDllon.-Proprletor, :.r. Arnold. -Under the Joint Management f bMica Louisa Pyne and Mr.W. Harriwon.-Wll Open for an OPERA SEASON of three mouthas on Monday, Bept. 21, with the following distmguiched artiste,:-Madamo Caradori, bln. Coreint, Miesusan IPyne, bie MHarian Pre^oott, MIss Cutbbert, Mra. H. Manley, and bMli^ Louinsa Fno (her first appearanoe sinoe ker return from Amneela); Mr. Augutus Braham, Mr. A. St Albyn, br. Edmunds, ir. } amnilton Breham, Mir. Fordinand Glover, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Kerhy, Mlr. Wallworth, br. G. Honey, Mr. Weies, and 1r. W. Harrison (hia Yret appearauee elnce his return from A merica). Conductor-ar. A"reod Mellon. The orchestra will be s4 lected from tho Royal Italian Opera, Jullten's Band, and the Oechestral Union. The Chorus selected enttiry from the Royal Italian Opera. Stage Manager-Mr. E, Stirlirg. Assistant Acting Manager-Mr. William Brough. Balet Master-Mr. oa mpton. Chorus Master-Mr. 0. Smvthbon. Prices of admision :-Private boxes, £2 12s. 6d., £2 2r, and XLI la. 6d. stalls, Sn. des circle So , upper boxes al. ; amphitheatre steds, Ss. 1It, s; gallery, s. The box-ofloe wWil be open on Thursday, Sept. 17 under the direction of Mr. Ohatterton, inn QITRAND THEATRE.-LA TRAVIATA (bar- clquse) every evei. Shouts of laughter and applauwe at the Ady COameleon. Crow`ded houses prove It the great hit of the day. Stai, s.: boxes. ^s.; pit, Is.; gallery, 1d,; private boxes, LI ls. J) OYAL SOHO THEATRE.-Mr. Mowbray and LA Misa Helen Love vUl take their seats in TEE LITTLE BACK PABLOUR THIS YVENING, at 10 o'clock, after the wonderful drwma of BELPJIEGOR: Mr. James. Stalls, 3n. ; boxes, 2s.; pit, is. Half-price at9. To be Let fore Benefits. GREAT NATIONALs STANDARD THEATRE. Shoredltoh.-THIS EVENING, GIIY HANNERNG and TElT W&TENMAN, in whieh M.an d Mr. Simts Reeves il)l aPpea. r. and Mr. 1ims Bieeveswill apDear ever Mevenig. They wlibe supported by firstrate artite, a selet corusl from the ItHli Opera,. ith the splendid band of the Princesar Thaotre under the direction of Mgr. Inancn THEATRE ROYAL, AYMARD THIS H;VENI'Gc, MUCHl ADO ABOUT NOItli}AG: FSMewra. lows W. larren, Chippendale, Comuptou,Ac.: M&eaames 8S.nair Lt Oliverd, Af. ter whioh, IwIOTIMfl: Sesors. Buokelone, Howe, } nren; Mendmee lEmma B ing, M. Oliver. roynter, do, Concluding with THE GLEfERS. Commsoence at 7 TH EATRE ROYAL, ADLE PIIL Proprietor Mr. B. Webster ; Directeese Madtame Celeder. THIS lIV RNI4NG PRUBGENT lVATE FAP ItS. oeisons Wright, P. Bedford, Mine M, EReley, With THE PILOT: MerL. T. P. Cooke, Wright, Mien M. Eeeley, Min Arden. And bIY PRECIiOUS IlETS8;' Messs Wright, P. Bedlord, Miss H, Keelay, and 3rs Chatteriny, Commene at 7. OYALY OYM THEATRE, 1ue Mesrs. F. lobeon and WC r. Erdckn. THIS EVENING, Mr. Wilkte CollinH s drOma, THE OIGNT. ROUSE: bSesr, F. Roboon, Afdlsaoc W. Gordon, (I. Cocks;. Misse Wyodha and Swranhorough. A SUHtERFUlJG: Messrs. G. Viantg, T. Xurray, anB d S' triolg. And h ABANICsLO. Mar.aledloo mr. T. Robuon. CTemence raty Mist 7. THEATER ROYAL, SADLERISWELL l Under thed Manaement o Mr. Phslpso THIS E'VZNING, TEL HUNCHBACK. Th Master Walther Mr. Poelpe: M1r T. Cifford, Mr. a. egStonesn *toduh, Mr. B. Robinson Lord Tinsel, Mr. Belford, Fathom, Mir. L, Ball: Muster Wlftord. Ma: 'wIith TMa'rvin JulaMr Nouesin femC mnoat7 Tu. with GBa D er Nare N Heques elen, Mise Fitzatrick, To con duof T^he T-.-me YOB reucd o d. ad ha5d SURRE THETRE. Iesxees, MesU r t hepherd and Creewick f TUIS EVENING, A BIltD) IS TiE sisD WORTII TWO IN TBX BUSHi. Reginole, Mr. Shepherd: C'apiasa, Mr. Wlddicomb. The Chrsty Mtoutrel tin thelr Ethiop and ntertainment. OUR TRAVIoATrA Tee Christy finotrei in their Plantaton Lite in the ASTLSEY'S ROYALz AMPHITHEATRE. Ieoae and 3anager, Msth. Wilta nooke. TfIS xVENINo, Elt HYDa Ita or, The Chief of the Gha. t Meountains. Aner which, novel Scenes I the Arena. Con.uding with TE KElImo, wilth e Tutet oman effctd. Commenco at 7. TO COmRESPONDEdNT 8. sOur renders are requested to observe that the price of The T~rnes IB reduced to 4d., and that 5id. iS the priCe of a copy writh the 'imqv2ressed lstamp affixed. Under the amended re ?lationsB of the Poet.-office (No. 60) The Ttmes iB transmisible by post to British colonies and foreign ounltries itotan amXprelssd stanmp. iNo notice can be taken of anonymous commuications, Whatevor is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessaziiy for publication, but an a guarantee of his good faith. We canot undertakce to return rejected communications. 8 T!he publication of Tie Tnr.s commenced at S o'clock yesterday morning, and filnished at 8.
LONDON, WEDNESD4Y.SEPTEMBER 16, 1857. It is not saying much, perhaps, but there are few countries and few histories about which the English know less than they do about India. Of course, neither the history nor the geography of India is taught in our schools; but when, with casaal appliances, we get to know something about India as it is, that knowledge is generally confined to a few rivers and mountains, aome monuments of Hindoo and Mahomedan architecture, our chief military positions and commercial dep6ts, and a superstition more than usually absurd in its belief and atrocious in its practices. As for the history of India, the British conquerors are tolerably familiar with the history of their own conquests and those of the predeceors whom they have supplanted. We know the incidents of our principal wars and the dates of our principal a3ccssions of territory. In a word, it is British India that we know-India in her British aspect, as coming in contact with a bold, resolute, and persevering race, and fulling gradually into subjection to her lord and master. No doubt it is our habit to regard our neighbours in thelr relation to ourselves, and we do this particularly when we suppose there is not much else worth knowing about a country. It is a natural result of this one-sided knowledge of India that our small politicians and philanthropists scrutinize the condnct of the master and the servantthcse utter oppoeites, the Anglo-Saxon and the Hindoo-aand then point indignantly to the -shortcomings of the superior race. How much -could we have done for India ! How few traces should we now leave among them ! How little have we won their love or earned their gratitude ! Witness this mutiny! See -what a state we have brought India to I There are people who go about, dwelling uponIudian grievancee, on taxes and tenures and confiscations; on neglected irrigalion, costly law, tardy justice, official corruption, and periodical famines. Such accounts are to be expected from thoese who think these two hun&red nllions are only the soft wax ready to reoeire any impression from the hard British mould, and that for this century or so, that is, since the establishment of our Indian Empire, we havebeen ansvwerable for the results. " See how England " manages India," says the Univers, and half a- dozen other Parisian and German papers of more philosophical pretension than the Romanist organ. The pride of England is rather puzzled than confounded by taunts which tally only too much with her own habitual mode of regarding Indian affairs. She asks herself, " Why "has she not managed India better ?" We will not dispute the utility of a question which at least teaches modesty, and may lead to improvement; but we beg to submit that England may do her penance and learn her lesson without adopting for that purpose a supposition based upon a very partial knowledge of Indian affairs. If anybody will be at the pains to read up the history of India, not as reflected in the mirror of European politics, but in itself, and as it may be collected from numerous works published by residents of observation and inquiry, we feel sure he will see at once that the common misgiving as to England's part in this matter is an ignorant one, and that the hostile indictment drawn up against us is a false issue. Is India so impressible? Have we been modelling her this century or so? Are Hindoos all simplicity? A-re Mahomedans all politeness ? Read the history of race after race, dynasty after dynasty, city after city, chief after chief, up to this present generation, and not only must we answer " No," but a new light is thrown on the whole of this calamity. The plain truth of the matter is that India has this year relapsed to her old, natural, and what is called normal condition. We now see what India would have been any year durinrg the last hundred years but for us. In a moment of security, too intent on other matters, we have relaxed our hold, and India is herself again. Ever since the beginning of this century scores of such as NENA SARM lave ravaged the indepenaent States of Central India, making it a policy to strike terror by every imaginable cruelty. Till the Marquis of HASTINGS, by policy as well as by arms, put an end to the system, every Mahratta chief, great or small, who could raise an army or a band of followers, sallied forth every November on the game of "taking " kingdoms," or whatever else he could get. Throughout Gwalior, and the whole country of SCINDIAi, Bundelcund, Oude, and, more or less, all Central India, we repeat that since the beginning of this century every man who could carry arms did so, and was a robber under one name and profession or another. Till the comparative security of the last thirty years, if so much, it was an ordinary thing to attack villages reposing in the utmost security, and, without a quarrel, to burn them, slaughter the inhabitants indiscriminately, and so acquire the soil. Every Mahratta State has been so formed. They admit themselves to be a predatory race. Even in peace, at every coronation, and even every marriage, their chiefs " take the auspices," as it is called, by allowina their soidiers to sally forth and plunder a village or a bazaar, in the way of ceremony, but of course giving no compensation. These princes do everything to conceal their recent origin, assume seals and forms of State indicating them to be old dependents of the MOGUJL, affect caste to win favour with the Brahmins, and very effectually impose on all who know only what they see. Yet these chiefs keep up very diligently the memory of their true origin ; at their great festivities their poets recite the deeds of violence or treachery perpetrated by their ancestors, and the British Governnient is continually held up to hatred as the Power that denies them opportunities of distinction and aggrandizement, and compels Rajahs to be content with what they have. Any Indian officer in either service who has made it his business to learn the history of the Courts and cities where he has [been stationed will be able to corroborate this account of the natural and " normal" state of India left to herself. Many are the palaces in Central India that, on the death of Rajahs or the deposition of their Viziers, have witnessed scenes of horror vieing with those of Delhi, Cawnpore, and Jhansi; and but for the presence of our strong arm and stern justice there is not in all Central India, and in the great part of the Peninsula, a single prince, proprietor, peasant, or tradesman who could callhis throne, his estate, his cottage, his shop, his head his own. The British nation have simply undertaken tne office of keeper to a capricious and violent animal, and, for a moment, forgotten the responsibility of the task. It has accordingly broken loose, and is now indulging its instinctive and habitual tastes. The difference between the history of this year and many others within the living generation is, that in the present instance there is a unity of insurrection and a common object of violence. Of these seventy or eighty thousand mutineers, whether in the several Contingent,s, or in the Irregulars, or even the Line, there are but few who do not know that their fathers, from time immemorial, fought their way with their swords, by fair means or by foul, to a petty throne, or an estate, or a purse of money. They know that it was usual to carry one's allegiance to the most promising leader, and that a young Rajah, or the relation of one, if he had but a lao of rupees, had only to invite followers, and he could raise five thousand, ready to sally forth on any service whatever; to kill every living thing, to burn every house, to cut down every tree, and convert a Garden of Eden into a howling wilderness. Of course such a state of things brings much chance of promotion. It is a lottery with many blanks but a few glittering prizes. That is the dream which has dazzled an army collected chiefly from military castes, and from men either conquerors by creed, or bandits by profession. Of course, it is necessary to accept the serv ics of such men. It is better to have them for us than against us. It is better they should be under our control than in the less disciplined armies of the independent princes. But then such an army requires continual care and watchfulnees. If we sleep or allow our attention to be distracted we lie the next instant at the mercy of a foe whose nature it was impossible to conciliate or tame, and to which we have ourselves given a dangerous degree of skill, self-discipline, and unity of operation. That, we feel confident, wil be found by every man who chooses to inquire to be the true state of the case. We have not made India what it is now showing itself. It is only doing now what it always did as long as it could; and we happen unfortvnately just now to have let it hbave its oWn way.
There is so much to be said on botb. tides or on all sides of the Army Purchase controversy as to suggest the inference that any positive conclusion would be for the present premature. Nearly all the communications which we have from time to time published on the subject contain an admixture of truth. Mr. HiGonzs states with perfect accuracy that purchase is no absolute security against favouritism; and our correspondent "A A ENGLISHCC z"At," who undertakes the defence of Sir C. TxFV;LYAN'S scheme, justly repudiates the suggestion that the social position of offices depends exclusively on the buying and selling of commissions. Yet a theory is not eatablished by the refutation of a single argument against it, and it is certain that every conceivable systerm of promotion has its peculiar merits and defects. Seniority, in itself the least galling rule of advancement, tends to stagnation and inefficiency. Purchase accelerates auccession, checks undue influence, and protects the educated classes both from above and from below ; but it gives rise to heartburnings, it bears the outward appearance of an abuse, and it opens the Army to amateurs and trifiers. Selection, notwithstanding its obvious advantages, is odious to the service, and dreaded even by the authorities who would administer it. According to the Duke of CA3rsnDGE, selection would merge into seniority. Sir G. BRowN says that whenever anyt-hing is left to discretion it is very apt to be abused. Lord GREY is the most consistent and logical advocate of purchase. Lord PAN=Rm says, "If a system was introduced -whereby purchase "was to be abolished and selection substituted in "its place, in order to get those who were "supposed to be adequate for command at thehead "of the Army, I should object certainly to hold "office burdened with such a responsibility as "that." Mr. HIGGINs suggests an insufficient safeguard when he proposes that the Minister or Commander-in-Chief should exercise his discretion only in favour of those who have passed brilliant examinations. If appointments are to be given by competition there is no necessity for selection; but no theorist seriously proposea to apply so inappropriate a test except in the lowest ranks of the service. "As ExcusuaN" complains that hasty judgments have been formed of Sir C. TREvELYAN's elaborate tables, although the War Department formally declared that plans which hid been so carefully framed could not be disposed of without mature consideration. The Secretary for War could scarcely say less to the presiding genius of the Treasury; but if Sir C. TaRvELYAx expects that his scheme is likely to be regarded with favour , he has paid little attention to Lord PANMUE'S significant declarations in the House of Lords. No detailed analysis of figures is necessary to show that the financial argument against purchase is utterly untenable. The tables in the appendiX to the blue-book are drawn up with practised skill, but the principles which they are designed to illustrate are set forth in the oral evidence given before the Commission. Sir C. TBEVELYAM undertakes to show that military officers are in many ways indirectly remunerated for the loss which they sustain in the purchase of their commissions, but he totally fails in his answer to the argument that the non-purchasing branohes of the service enjoy equal allowances and pensions with the Line and the Guards. If the pay of the Army is to be cut down, ths same rule of reduction must be applied to the Engineers, to the Artilery, to the Marines, and to the Navy. The projector is in the dilemma of proposing either an anomaly or an impossibility. He would inflict an exceptional injustice on the Cavalry and Infantry, or he would impose, for the sake of consistency, an utterly wanton sacrifice on all other officers who serve their country either by land or by sea. It is utterly useless to enter into the details of a scheme which is condemned as soon as it is enunciated. The Treasury, or in other words Sir C. TREvELYAN himself, has from time to time sanctioned the extension of various allowances to the Commissariat, to the Artllery, and to the Navy, that the officers in those services might be placed on the same footing with their comrades in the Line. It is evident that the advantages conceded were thought just and necessary, and that it is an afterthought to consider them as partial equivalents for the purchase money of commissions. The officers of the Line would have had reason to complain of scandalous injustice if the equivalent of their own outlay had been gratuitously bestowed on those who had paid nothing for promotion. The proposed suppression of pensions to widows may possibly be recommended on grounds of expediency as well as by economical reasons. The author of the scheme, and his advocate, " As "C ENGLISHAN," say that it is better not to encourage military marriages, and that officers may be advantageously allowed to make their own arrangements for the maintenance of their families; but, even if the force of these arguments were admitted, it by no means follows that a single shilling of the pension list ought to be carried to the credit side of the new balance-sheet. In this case, also, the analogy of the non-purchasing services applies with irresistible force. Whether pensions to widows are a beneficial provision or a wasteful mode of expenditure, they undoubtedly constitute a portion of the remuneration allowed by the State. If the reversion is cut off the actual pay must be proportionately increased, or the reduction devised in consideration of the abolition of purchase must be extended to the Navy. The tables can only illustrate the method and extent of a saving which it would be obviously impossible to realize. Sir C. TREVELYAN'S arguments are in a great degree founded on a fallacious assumption. The bulk of regimental officers serve gratuitously, contenting themselves with a rate of pay which amounts only to a moderate interest on their purchasemoney, but it would be absurd to infer that if they had received their commissions as a gift they would be willing to serve gratuitously. The speculation, it is true, would be neither more nor less unprofitable, but in practice it would never be undertaken. The pay of an officer is certain and regular, and after the attainment of a particular rank it is sufficient for economical maintenance. In consideration of these advantages candidates are found willing to buy their entrance into the service and their subsequent promotion. The same officers would laugh at a proposal that they should serve without pay and live on the interest of their private fortunes. The presentation to a small living generally bears a certain price in the market, although the income is a bare remuneration for the services of the incumbent; yet patrons know by experience that a benefice below a certain value will scaroely be accepted as a gift. The rate of pay is practically regulated by the necessities of officers who have no private fortune, although in the lowest ranks both of the Army and Navy some additional pecuniary resourcea aro indispensable. Those who have purchased their commisions are, in most instances, notwithstanding the outlay which they have incurred, till wealthier than their les fortunate comrades. The Captain or the Major of course enjoys the interest of the sum which he has reserved to pay for his next step In the regiment. Sir C. TR BvLYAi would cut down the allowances of the non-purchasing officer, in consideration of a saving effected by the small militry capitalist. The abolition of purchse would not, perhaps, lower the rank of military officers, but it would, on the whole, introduce a eLa more dopendent on their pay. The highly remunerated offlicers of the Indian Army have scarcely ever any private fortunes. Army Reformers maybe perfectlyjustified in maintaining that the new syxtem would produce inucreed efficiency, but it is demonstrable that it could not tend to the diminution of pay or of pensions If the abolition of the present system ever takes place it must be gradually effected. The country will certainly not pay several millions for a reform whichmany high authoritiesdeprecate as a pernicious innovation. The partial and experimental change recommended by the majority of the Commission may be.carried out at a inodesate expense, but tome time will probably be required to overcome the visible repugnance of the Government. In the meantime optimists must console themselves with the reflection that purchase was once universal in the public service, and that it still prevails in almost every trade and profession. Our brewers bought or inherited the right of providing us with beer, and our bankers of keeping our money. Attorneys manage all the property in the kingdom in virtue of purchased commissions. Every baker, butcher, and grocer has bought the goodwill of his shop. Even among the clergy it is said that those who are indebted to private patronage can scarcely be distinguished in manners or in theology from the Episcopal nominees who represent the principle of selection. The purchase of an Enaignay is but one among a thousand social anomalies.
Our present County and Borough Elections are very tame affairs compared with the glorious saturnalia which used to be celebrated before the Reform Bill. Those old Elections were indeed grand, oldfashioned afifirs. We go back to them with a sort of pride even now. To be sure, they will not bear examination, but no more would the feasts of the gods on Olympus or the suppers of the Walhalla. Twenty-one days of uninterrupted drinking, riot, shouting, bands playing, colours flying, crowds marching backwards and forwards through the streets, all buAiness at a standstill, all care flung aside, a free vent given to everybody's pugnacity of fist, leg, or tongue-one universal holyday row,-this was a glorious scene in its way. The ancients attributed a sort of divinity and inspiration to these scenes of extravagant abandonw, where human nature broke loose from the restraints of cold reason and gave way entirely to wild impulses and humours, to unbounded riot and geniality,-that poetry of license, disorder, and laxity which PoussiN sometimes delighted to express on canvass. These exhibitions were indeed the last relics of the old Saxon days, with their wassails, when Christianity and civilization had but half conquered the religion of ODIN. But it is not only the abandon of the mass, the riot and confusion of the crowd, which deserves notice in these past scenes; but, still more, the abandon of the great families-the blind reckless expenditure, which ehut its eyes to all cow equences, and resolved to win an Election at the cost of no matter what number of broad acres, no matter what fine mansions to be demolished or sold,at the risk, in short, of utter ruin. TUis is much more wonderful, in fact, than the 21 days? row and drinking in the lower eleclioneering world, because the truth is, there was no great wonder that when you gave people as much as they liked to drink they drank it, and, having drunk, were rather disorderly; the wonder was, that gentlemen and heads of families should be willing to malke that sacrifice of property upon which all this riotous festivity arose. The Yorkshire Elections, in which the families of Frrzw=iA3r and Li-scr.Es engaged, cost hundreds of thousands, Sir FRA-cIS BunnuRDms Election for 3iddlesex 'was also a hundred thousand pounds affair, besides the whole contents of the Baronet's cellar, which yielded to the 21 days' sitting of the committee in his house in Piccadilly. The con- I tests in Wiltshire between the BEzErTs, METuUENS, and LoNO WELLESLEY were enormously costly, as were also the Norfolk contests between CoRp, and WoDEnouss. Some of these families have never recovered from the eafects of these contests; they are to this day crippled in means, and have to indulge in the memory of past grandeur, and refer to the annals of the family as it flourished in the days before this and that disastrous Election, as consolation to them for their present reduced fortunes. The recklessness of electioneering expenditure on the part of the chiefs who dared to face these ruinous results is, as a display of character, more astonishing a great deal than any quantity of drunkenness and fighting in the crowd. We really stare in amazement, and say, " Is this the " English character, popularly considered so pradent, "calculatiDg, and cool r If we saw this in professed spendthrifts and wild young heirs we should not vonder, but here were the most respectable men in the country, heads of established families, men in middle life, men proud of their family position and anxious to maintain it and hand it down undiminished, gambling frightfully. The prospect of a Peerage, indeed, was something, but still one feels that our national character must have undergone a modification since those days. There was something wild and uncivilized in this enormous extravagance and reckless emptying of the family purse. Our RourEos and CAPULETS used to meet in the streets and fight it out. This was fighting with the pocket inistead of the sword. There is a popular heroism connected with simple expenditure. Great feats of expenditure are admired by the crowd, and class with conspicuous acts of personal courage ; the wholesale sacrifice of the precious article has for- them something in itself grand, brilliant, and imposing about it, and makes a " fine fellow." CLEOPATRA drinking her pearl, and sailors eating bank-notes between their bread and butter, are admired in their way, though by a different class. Compared with the old heroic electioneering expenses, Lord ALTroRp's 8,0001. for the last Election in the Southern Division of Northamptonshire is almost tame and moderate. Northamptonshire once vied with the most extravagant electioneering counties in its outlays on these oceasions, and now it makes an effort to sustain its old name-indeed, the most valiant effort in this direction that was made throughout the whole of the late General Election, for Lord ALTIORP'S was, we believe, the most expensive of all the recent Elections. But how feeble an effort it is ! The 8,0001. which figures in the official account of the expenses probably represents, indeed, a larger sum really expended, but still such expenditure hides its diminished head when compared with the unbounded carte bla2cwhe of former days. Of this 8,0001. nearly 6,0001. is about equally divided between lawyers' expenses and expenses of conveyance-two very cold and ungenial items. The hotel bills amount to 7401. ! What a fall from the unchecked magnificence of this department of expenditure, when the "old " anarch," ale, was crowned and enthroned in a thousand publichouses! How poor a sound have these " hsoei bills !" The zpirit of Sir Jou FAIWr AY rses at that word. "What is that "word ' hotell' Alehouse, I suppose you mea" No; we mean hotel. Modsrn Elections know nothing of alehouses, they only cMknoWledge hotels, where sober clerks and respectable soLicitors meet to tranx.ct business with pen and ink. All this change which has come over the spirit of Elections is, however, only a sample of a general change which has come over society at large. Our drinking squires, our assailants of watchmen, our swearing captains, are now almost a bygone generation. We here and there meet with some one who keeps up the old traditions, but the age has left him behind. A Cabinet Council was held yesterday at the officl residence of the First Lord of the Treamury in Downing-atreet. The Ministers present wereViscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Marquis of Lanadowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, Mr. Secretary Labonchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, and the Right Hon, M, T. Baineo,
SECOND EDITION. THEP TIMES-OFFICR, Wednesday AMorning. TIE iMUTINIES IN INDIA. By the arrival of the Overland Mail we have received a Bombay Gazette of the 15th August, and an overland BombayTines of the same date. The letter of our Bombay correspondent has not yet reached us, nor have we received any Calcutta papers. We take the following summary from the Bombay Tinms of the 15th August:- By the good hand of our God upon us, our English readers wil receive advicea from India by this mail of a decidedly cheering character. Although rebellion yet reigns in the upper provinces, and mutiny, with its horrors, is no longer confined to the Bengal army, still it is true that the swelling and inundation of this great rebellion have not merely reached their height, but are actually refluent. General Havelock, with his chosen band, was the first successfuly to stem the wild torrent and turn the tide. His appointment to the command of the Brigade at Allahabad was the inauguration of victory. Under God, this heroic captain, with his brave Highlanders, has saved India. His march has been Eo triumphant, his success so marveUous, as to im press even the public mind with the conviction that he has received his mission from a higher than au earthly ruler; an impression rendered all the Stronger when it is seen that the first thought of this "mighty man of valour" in aU his despatches is to ascribe all the glory of his signal achievements to the Lord of Hosht; while Christian faith through. out the land has thus been re-assured and animated by the inspiration-" The battle is not your's, but God's." Go on in this thy might, great and good soldier, and thou shalt save India. General Havelock's force, on the re-occupation of Cawnpore, had, in eight days, marched 126 miles, fought four actions with Nena Sahib's army against overwhelming odds in point of numbers, and taken 24 guns of light and heavy calibre-and that, too, in the month of July in India ! On the morning of the 17th July the force marched into Cawnpore. The soul-harrowing spectacle which there presented itself to them beggars description. The extent of the frightful catastrophe now became known. A wholesale massacre had been perpetrated by the fiend Nena Sahib. 83 officers, 190 men of H.M.'s 84th foot, seventy ladies, 120 women and children of Her Majesty's 32d foot, and the whole Euiropean and Christian population of the place, including civilians, merchants, shopkeepers, engineers, pen sioners and their families, to the number of about 400 persons were the victims of this satanic deed. The courtyard in front of the assembly rooms, in which Nena Sahib had had his head-quarters, and in which the women had been imprisoned, was swimming in blood. A large number of women and children, who had been " cruelly spared after the capitulation for a worse fate than instant death," had been barbarously slaughtered on the previous morning-the former having been stripped naked, beheaded, and thrown into a well; the latter having been hurled down alive upon their butchered mothers, whose blood yet reeked on their mangled bodies. We hear of only four who escaped-a Ms. Greenway, wife of a merchant, and three Indo-Britons. The diary of a lady is said to have been found at Cawnpore, written up to the day on which she was killed, and containing imformation of great importance, on which the General is acting. We shal eventually obtain full particulars of the horrible tragedy that has been witnessed there. The small, brave, victorious army of retribution harassed and worn out by their unprecedented exp'oita of the previous eight days, rested a day or two at Cawnpore, aud then moved on (reduced in their numerical strength, as the result of their last battle, about one in 15 of their whole force), to meet the enemy again towards Lucknow. After passing by Bithoor, which they found evacuated, and which they burnt to the ground, they met the foe on the 29th July, and the following substance of a despatch from General Havelock to the Commander-inChief in Bengal, with which we have been favoured, explains subsequent operations, which ended in the defeat of the enemy on two successive occasions:- "' CAMP BUPEER-UL.GUNGE, Jaly 30. "Arrived at Oonao 29th instant. The town pr.stected by a swamp, not fcrdable on its flank; houses loopholed, and detended by 15 guns. I attacked and captured it, with all the enemy's guns. The enemy were aided by a portion of Nena's force, com manded by Jupa Sing. Halted four hours, and then pushed on to the town, which is also surrounded by water, and was defended by four guns. The road to its entrance was destroyed, and the gate cannonaded. I assaulted and carried it with its guns. Enemy's loss heavy ; my own severe, being 88 killed and wounded. Private Cavanagh, 64th regiment, would have been recommended for the Victoria Cross, but he was cut to pieces while setting a brilliant example. I desire his relations may be pensioned. Madras Fusiliers gxeatly distinguished themselves, Lieutenant Dangerfield being first over the barricade; Lieutenant Bogle, 78th Highlanders, was severely wounded while leading the way into a boopholed house; recommended to the notice of his Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Chief. Colonel Tytler, who was scarcely able sit his horse, set an example to aU of activity and daring. Lieutenant Havelock'sho, se was shot under him. Lieutenent Seton, Madras Fusiliers, acting A.D.C., severely wounded. An entire field battery of arms captured. Without cavalry I cannot secure horses or equipments. My volunteer horse improve daily." The latest accounts by letter from General Havelock's camp, dated 30th July, the day after the fight, state that the enemy were about two miles in front. The force was at Bupeergunge, 16 miles from Cawnpore. The force expected to reach Lucknow on the 31st ultimo, when the little garrison there, under command of Major Banks, which has been so bravely holding out since the death of Sir H. Lawrence, would be relieved. After relieving Lucknow, it is the intention of General Havelock to press on to Delhi, a distance of about 170 miles. FromDelhi we have received no advices of a satis. factory character. The enemy make an occsional sortie in considerable force, but are invariably driven back, after doing some injury to us, and much more to themselves. Owing toGeneral Reed's illness, the command of the forces has devolved on Brigadier-General A. Wilson, of the Bengal Artillery. A battle was fought on the 18th ult., in which Leintenant Crozier, of H. M.'s Z5thFoot,was killed. The enemygot backintothe city, after a very precipitous flight, with all their guns. Reinforcements were begining toarrive, so that it was expected that our fonrc would soon be in a position to make a general assault, with the certainty of being able to hold the place after taking it. Intelligence of the fall of the city is axiouEly expected. From Agra there is nothing new since the battle related in our last. There are about 6,000 persons shut up in the fort there, and well able to hold out, but anxiously looldng for relief. New mutinies have occurred at Dinapore. The 7th, 8th, and 40th Regiment B. N. I. mutinied about the 23d alt., and H. AL's 10th Foot shot down 800 of them. The 12th Irregular Cavalry also mutinied at the same place, murdering their commanding officer, MIjor Holmes, and his wife. The three Native Infantry Regiments were considered staunch, and had actuallybut a short time before their mutiny kept the city of Patna from rising. "Hereare regiments," says the Poonah Observer,1 "breaking out at the 11th hour, when the tide was turning in our favour, and when Europeau tioops were passing continually up the river, thereby-reJeriu the destruction of the mutineers certain, as if they had waited for some mysterious order, just like the Bareilly troops. Altogether, the more we ponder over it, the more mysterious the whole matter appeara to us." These fresh mutinies have caused much excitement at Benares, as the mutineers, ,e - making their way, plundering, towards that city. All wsz quiet in Calcutta, although considerable apprehension was felt in connexion with the approaching Mohurram. The Goveinor.General has formed a corps of cavalry, to be called the "Bengal Yeomanry Cavalry," with the view of giving employment to the many Englishmen and others in Bengal and the North-West Provinces, whose peaceable avocations have been interrupted by the disturbed state of the country, and who, although in no way connected with the Government, are willing and eager to give an active support to its authority at the present time, by sharing service ia the field with the troops of the Queen and of the East India Company. WVe have remarked that mutiny is no longer confined to the Bengal army. The infection has reached our own presidency-our own troops. In conrequence if tbemore scrupulous withholding of intelligence on the part of Government, the community is kept in a constant state of painful suspense and of liability to alarm and panic. There is no good reason for this scrupulous secresy, as the Queen's and Company's troops, the civilians and the Euro. peans umconnected with Government, and the loyal portion of the native commanity, are really strong enough to put down any attempt at insurrection. It would therefore tend greatly to the peace and quiet of the timid if Government would allow the press to receive and publish the intelligence from different parts of the presidency. We know that mutiny has broken out in the 27th Bombay Native Infantry stationed at Kolapore. The only particulars that have reached us regarding it are that a portion of the regiment mutinied on the BuckreeEed-the 1st instant. When the offlcers were assembled in the billard-room after mess, a Jemadar rushed in and gave them warning that the men were coming to fire on them. They immediately repaired to the place of rendezvous previously appointed; but three young officers, ignorant of the place or be. wildered in the darkness, went astray, and were taken and murdered by the mutiueers. The mother of the Jemadar, nn old woman, went to the house of Major Rolland, the commanding officer of the regiment, at the same time that the Jemadar went to the mess-room, to warn the ladies of their danger, and afford them an opportunity of making their escape. No sooner had the ladies effected their escape than the house was surrounded by the mutineers. Disappointed of their prey, they revenged themselves on the faithful old woman-her fidelity cost her her life. A number of the rebels were seized, the rest made their way to other parts of the country. They have since returned, and there has been obstinate fighting there; but we have not learnt the result. Belgaum, Dharwar, Rutnagherry, Sattara, and other places were thus thrown into great excitement. Our reports from those places are, however, so conflicting that we do not feel justified in attempting any statement regarding them. The Collector of Sattara, AMr. RoEe, a man in every respect equal to the occasion, has thought it advisable to send the ex-Ranees and the adopted son of 'the late deposed Rajah to Bombay, and they are now in confinement on Butcher's Island-a depot of the Indian navy. A plot was discovered at Poonah, concerted between the Moulvies of Poonah and Belgaum, for the massacre of the Europeans and Christians of those stations. Letters were intercepted at the Poona Post-office, which contained full details of the conspiracy, and which enabled the authorities, timely advised, to shun the coming eviL The Houlvie of Poonah, with several accomplices from that station, are now prisoners on board the hon. Company's frigate Akhbar, awaiting their trial at the next criminal sessions for high treason. Arrests have also been made at Belgaum and Ahmednuggur of parties implicated in this Mussulman conspiracy. Mlatters had proceeded so far in Poonah that arrangements had been made and materials prepared for blowing up the arsenal. The community of that station have suffered great anxiety for many days. The authorities have disarmed the natives of the Cantonment Bazaar; but left those of the city, the most to be sauspected, in possession of their arms. Frcm the principal out stations the women and children are being sent to Poonah andBombay, under military escort. Our own city is perfectly quiet, and our citizens free from any serious apprehensions of evil. There was considerable alarm, cccasioned by reports of the worst character, at the time of the Buckree Eed ; but those who experienced it have been fuUy re-assured. The community have the most entire confidence in the wisdom, vigilance, and firmness of the Right Honourable the Governor, who is the Commandant of the Garrison, and who has left nothing undone in the measures which he has adopted to prevent an outbreak, or to crush it the instant it should be attempted. His Lordship is fuly alive to his serious responsibilities at the present crisis, and is most indefatigable in his exertions, thus setting an example to aU under his authority. Heads of departments receive orders from him before they are out of their beds in the morning, and they are not unfrequently caUed upon by him to report on the execution of them after they have gone to bed at night. He enjoys in the highest degree the gratitude and confidence of all the well-disposed in the community, and he is a terror to all others He has made every possible preparation for the accommodation and comfort of the additional troops expected from England, and has retained in Bombay Her Mlajesty's 33d Foot, the Duke of Wellington's Reziment, just arrived from the Mauritius. In every department of the service there is promptitude, activity, readiness; and in the bosom of every member of the community there are quietness and assurance. India has received a blow from the effects of which she wiiU take long to recover-a check to her career of improvement and progress which will retard her for many years to come. A large district of the country has been, as it were, sowed with salt; public buildings and property of every kind have been destroyed; public treasuries have been rpoliated, and the sinewvs of national improvement, as well as of war, have been cut; the mindr, of many have been unsettled, and infected with disloyalty; a vat multitude of precious lives have been acrificed, and among these the lives of tha greatest and wisest men in the land. The right wing of Her Majesty's 33d (or the Duke of Wellington's) Regiment of Foot, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel J. D. Johnstone, C.B., arrived in Bombay from the Mauritiur on August 4, in the Peninsular and Oriental Compay's steamer Pottinger, which left Port Louis on the 23d of July. The ship Canning, which left the Maur. tius on the 25th of July, also arrived on the same date, with another company of the 33d Regiment, besides a company of Royal Artil. lery. The whole of these troops have been brought on the strength of the Bombay garrison, aud will be located in the Town Barracks. The following officers were at Neemuch on the 7th July :-Major Burton, Capt. Showers, Capt. Lloyd, Lieut. Ritchie, Capt. Laurie, Lieut. Barnes, Capt. Sir J. Hill, Lieut. Ellice, Lieut. Stapleton, Lieut. Williams, Dr. Murray. Casualties.-Colonel Menteath, 69th Be-ngal N.L; Colonel Case, H. M.'s 32d Foot, July 2; Colonel iMc&air, Bengal Army, July 20; Captain Burltont
AMERICA. M- (BY ELCTRIC TELGRAP.L) IaVERPOOL, WEDxIDEAY. The LAverpool, Philadelphia, and New York Company's screw steamship City of Washington has arrived with advicew froam New York to the 3d inst. l'he steamship Vanderbilt, from Eavre and Cowes, arrived at New York on the 2d inst. The steamship Illinois, with the California mails of August 5, arrived at New York on the 3d inst. She had $1,593,557 specie on freight. The newz from California was unimportant ; the reports from the mining districts Btill continued favourable. At Cincinnat4 on the 2d inst., the deposit and discount bank of Hatch and Langdon had suspended, which caused considerable excitement, as there was a large number of small depositors. The bank was involved in the failure of Beeche and Co., of New York. At New York, on the 2d inst., the financial affairs in Wall-street wore a better aspect. Exchange on London had fallen to 9 per cent. for bankers' bills. The stock-market had sightly improved; Virginia Sixec, ; Missouri Sixen, A; New York Central shares,l1; Erie, li; Michigan Soulthern, 2 ; Clveland and Pittsburg :Railroad shares, 1I ; Mfichigan Southern Preference shares, 3. At the second Board La Crosse and Milwaukie shares sold at an advance of 4i to 5; Illinois Central, 6. The cotton-market was steady. Middling Uplands were quoted at 15-c - ditto Orleans, 16c. t State and Western flour Lad declined lOc. to 20c. Wheat was lower and dull, having declined Se. to 7c. Corn was 2c. to 3c. lower. Pork was a shade lower, and the market closed dulL Beef was firm and steady. In freights nothing of moment was doing. To liverpool, 300 bags of bark were taken at 1Ss.; to London, crude turpentine, 2s. 6d. per barreL
THB ASSASSINATION OF THE BRITISH MIN16TEB AT LIMA. We are enabled by means of a private letter to give more authentic details of this sad occurrence. It ia not correct, aa stated by the Panama Star and Berald, tbat Mr. S. E. Sulivan was dining alone when the deed was committed. He was in the company of another gentlemnm, whose account of the transaction is as follows:- "L: I1tA, AuG. 12, 7 A-m. "The vhole of Lima and Callao has been thrown into a state of utter consternation by a most dastardly attemapt to assassinate my friend Mr. Sulivan, in his own house, last evening a little before 7. 1 fear it is an asassination, for the doctors give no hope of his recovery. We were dining comfortably together when the steward rusbed In through the bedroom, followed by the assaia, into the office, calling out I Thieves ' and upon our jumping 'up and going towards the door we were met by the villain, who, without rsaying a word, placed a blunderbuss close to lr. Sulivn's stomach and discharged it, and Immediately started off the way he came iD, without taking a single artiole. Mr. Sulivan tagered back into my arms, saying ' Hes Idlled me.' Three pistol balls were taken out of his stomach and a hbalf-ounce ball was cut out of the fleshy part of his back. As you can judge, we have passed a dradful night attending upon the sufferer, preparing him for the v'orst, and doing what was necessay as regards his last wishes In caso the wounds are mortaL No reason can be assigned for the foul deed, for he had no personal enemies, and the general opinion is that it is a political affair of the Vivanco party, at present in arms Sgainst the iastilla Government. Several persons have been seized, but it is not yet known -whether they were of the party. The Servants state that three other maen remained in the back pas. sge dur1n the aOfir. I have to be thankful that I myself escaped injury most unaccountably, for if the shot hd been made a yard or two off some of the bullets must have touched me. The excitement is naturally very great here, for after this instance of ooldblooded murder no one considers himself safe. It remains to be seen whother this wil not be made a Government question between Great Britain and Peru." ThA gentleman who gives the above accotnt is a merchant of considerable standing in Lima, aad had frequently acted as secretary to Mr. Sulivan, with whom he was on very intimate terns.
THR CARDINAL AND HIS CROSSBEAREX TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In Your leading article on the sermon of Dr. Wlse| man, in which he tried to turn the tide of Indignation at the barbarities of the Sepoy into a sort of iu quoque current against England and iD favour of Rome, you justly unmasked the foreigner with his only Italian and NeapolUtan sympathies. The Cardinal himself strikes right and left in the way of aggression; but he never oomes forward to defend himself. His cross-bearer, however, receives the inspiration needed for the emergency, and is therefore his alt,r ego. Mr. Bowyer tries to show that Cardinal Wiseman'sen durance of indignity and nonrecognition by the State, and of juries partial to his enemies, is evidenoe of the patriotism of Dr. Wiseman. I do not pause to disnuss the truth or falsehood of the last of these oharges. Most Englishmen glory in trial by jury. But it is a very fair inquiry whether the Cardinal's retirement to Rome would yield him all the dig. nities and sweets his cross-bearer anticipates. Are not the Roman cardinals more unpopular at Rome than in any city upon earth? Are they rnot detested by a large majority of the Romnan people, if adored by a few ? Is it not fact that were it not for the bayonets of France the Pope and his cardinals would in all likelihood be fugitives? If Mr. Bowyer's ideas of deference be represented by an old gingerbread Lord Mayor's coach, by procossions in state, with all the tawdriness and nothing of the weight of the 9th of November, by soarlet cloaks, and such man millinery, lMr. Bowyer's mrovekg would make a good exchange by imitating his master in 1849 in running away from " governing the counties of Essex and Middlesex." But the truth is, Cardinal Wisemn is better paid and fed and clothed as a Dissenting Minister in London than he would be as a puppet cardinal int Rome. Nobody knows these things better than Mr. Bowyer; but an argument was wanted to neutralize your damaging exposj, and the cross-bearer was itstructed to create what did not exist. Your deduction of Cardinal Wiseman's alien sympathies from his own words is only in keeping with the Cardinal's most solemn obligations. He admits he took the episcopal oath, which is sn oath of feudal allegiance to a superior. In that osth he swears to " our lord the Pope." " The rights, honours, privileges, and authoritv of the holy Roman Church of our lord the Pope, I will endeavour to preserve, defend, increase, and advance." " I will not be in any counsel, action, or treaty in which shall be plotted against our said lord; and if I shall know any such thing to be treated or agitated by any whatsoever I vill hinder it with all my power, and as soon as I can will signify it to our said lord." A Roman Catholic bishop merges national In Roman allegiance. He has his canon law, which supersedes English law; his Rorman sovereign, who is toasted first at festivals, above and superior to his English sovereign; aud, in order hat his allegince to the Vatican my have no diverging or diluting Influence, he is allowed no family ties of wife or child. Your inferenco from Cardinal Wlseman's sermon is £ustined by Cardin81 Wisesnan's relatnne- I am, &fr, Your obedient aeznant, J. C.
EXTRAORDflART INQVIuzb._The folloWing almost ivoredible taltement appears In the last numaber of the Droegheda Conwevative :-" On the 27th ult, the bodyl of a emale infantwasfound,bythe oeatKells, concealed in *the soil of a privy, at the back ofthe house of Mlr. Richard Close, medical practitioner. aocouchour, proprietor of a mredi. cal estblishment, &c. They reported the circumstance at once to a local magistrate. Witnesses were instantly smmored, and a most respectable medical man, Dr. Pentland, all ot whom spreed that Rose Meredt, servant ia the acstablishmernt, was the moaher of said infnt, and that it was dead born, and had not come to maturit. Alter a alloyt consulation betvween the magistrate and the police1]h5v1Dtng summed Tp, they came to the following con.lan smn:-' We find that Rose Meredyth, mother of the infant, is rot only not guilty, but perfectly free from any blame whatever; and we further add, that she was jutfied in bd Ting her obng, ded horn, oven in a privy, 4uDg heap, or smk, or where it suited her convenience.' Mr. H. rtln, coroner of the county, having got private information, lost no time in ascertaining the fact, when hoe was alled on to interfere, and at once issued his precept and warrant to disinter the body preparatory to holdi-ag a legal inquisition. Ho sutimoned 15D respetable jurors3 onx Thursday, the 3dl inst., 14 of whom t.tencand were sworn, and after a most minute and particular inquiry, without the slightest hesitation, the jury returned a verdict that the body of the said infant was focnd concealed in a privy in the town of lels, and that Bose Meredyth ilthe mother thereof, and, fiaally, that she conceecle the birth of the samne. In the interim betweent the former and latter inquest, Rose Meredyth was aUowed to ecapa, when the coroner had no alternative buxt to issue his warrant for her apprehension." ARRIVAL OF SPECIE.-Iverpool, Tuesday.- The Black Ball ship Anglo-Saxon arrived to-day from Melboune with 24,923 ounces of gold on freight. ShE sailed cn the 1st of June.
FOBEIGN IMTELLIGENG.9 TJE DANUBIAN PRUCIPALITIES. I I (POM OVa OWN OORRROND3RN.) I A portio7a of the following eppeed In oor soond Ation of Yesterday - B'UCHARET, SMTr. 4. The telegraph has brought us the news of a new change of Ministry in Constantinople, which puts an end to Redschid's reign. The change which had taken place before was more a nominal than a real one, because any linistry in which Redsehid is, whatever name he may hold, may. always be considered as his own. He only yielded his place of Grand Vizier to old Mustapha Pasha in order to' have the real power without the name of it, and In order to escape from the personal animosities by which he was beset. The present Ministry, with Fuad in and Redschid out, will be considered as a triumph of French over English influence at Constantinople; and up to a certain point public feeEng is right enough, for since the last Administration of Aali Pasha these two men have become political adversries; and, as Redschid Pasha is invariably supported by the British Ambassador, Fuad naturally tries to lean on French influence. But it is the greatest possible mistake to suppose either that Reschid Pasha i the tool of the British, or Fuad that of the Frcch Amnbasador. They use the power and goodwill of their respective protectors only for their own purpose. It requires the blindnems of the Ambassadors not to see this, and it is time that the eyes of the British public should be opened to this circumstance. It is measures, not men, which ought to receive the protection of the foreign Ambassadors at Constantinople, and as long as thig Is not done there wiUl be a continual fluctuion In Turlish politics, as detsrimental to the latter country as to the well understood interests of France and EngLand. Neither of the two countries can acquire a permanent ualntary influence in this way, and they destroy each otlher by their senseless rivalry. The change of Ministry which has taken place just now might be foreseen, and we have only to thank ourselves for it. By pushing Red9chid Pasha into an untenable position the English and Austrian Ambassadors forced bim to give up the place of Grand 'Viier and to form a kind of tranulion Ministry, and when this latter had to give way, on the question of the Moldavian elections, Redschid Pasha was naturaly thrown over. Of course, the cry will be tat this is all a consequence of England's yielding the point on the Osborne Conferences. I am rather inclined to think it was the result of our own mistaken policy. The whole question of the Principalities has from the beginning been subjected by the two Ambassadors to the sole consideration of augmenilng their influence at Constantinople, and both watched their opportunity. When the difliculties arose about the Moldavian elections the French Ambassador became immediately the warmest advocate of the principle of fairness in electioneering matters, and attacked with a well-calculated violence the conduct of the Turkish Ministry, with Redschid Pasha at its head. The snare was not seen and the British Ambassador, provoked by the violence of his adversary, was not the man to keep back; he pushed things lkeowise to an extreme, on which the latter had calcalated. Tnstead of guarding against the snare, as a wise General would have done, the Britieh Ambassador, enticed from point to point, followed up the desltory advantages with the dash of a young ensign of cavalry until his retreat was cut off. Redschid Pasha was involved in the defeat. But - repeat that it is immaterial to real English influence whether it be Redachid or Fuad, MAmoud or Mehmeed, who is in power at Constantinople. England's influence ought not to be based on the precariou favour of a&protggg, but on the common Mterests of thetwo countries,whicheveryTurk,whatever his colour, sees plainly. Of course, It cannot be expected that a Minister who is stematically snubbed by an Ambassador should makle this very Ambassador his confidential friend, and consult him in his difficulties. Ambassadors in the position they oecupy at Stamboul sn invariably by abuse of power, and are, perhaps, more disiked by their friends than by their adversaries; they cannot compete with the Turks in finesse, and the result is that they have, even in their most propitious moments, only the shadow of power. Let any British Ambassador once establish the conviction in the minds of any Turkish Ministry you like that he is actuated only by the wish of benefiting by his advice those who ask for It, and that he will saupport a good measure an-d condemn a bad one, from whomsoever it may come, and he must have the first place at Constantinople by the nature of things. Let the attempt be made with Faad, who passes for the most devoted slave of France-a creature of M. de Thouvenel, and I don't know what else ; let him be treated impartlally-not as an enemy to England, but as a Turkish Minister, and before six months have passed he will be the most devoted frietd ofEngland. I don't mean that all hisfinancial whirns should be encouraged, but only an impartiality shown him, and he will soon learn to know where his real support lies. In conclusion, I beg to stibmit to the British public the ideas which the diplomatic duel at Constantinople must escite in the minds of the MoldoWYallachians. Can they have any confidence in the intentions of the Western Powers if they see that their welfare is only a shuttlecock for the amusement of ambassadorial leisure hours ? We are always talking about the interested views oE Russia with regard to the Principalities; no doubt they are interested, but I don't wonder that people here are beginning to wish for their triumph, rather than be any longer exposed to the uncertainty and daily scuffle which demoralize them. ITALY. A letter from Milan of the 8th states that on the preceding day the Archduke Maximilian gave a grand dinner in honour of the Kintg of the Belgians, who had arrived there the preceding day. A letter from Romne says- "Tho Sovereign Pontiff, who, as the telegraph will have inormed yoe, returned to this city on the 5th, was received with great pomp. Cardinals Patrizzi, Robsrti, and Antonoill, ccomnpanied by all the Ministers, went to the villa of the late Count Zilipponi to receive his Holiness, it having been arranged that he should there quit hls travelling carriage. Cardinal Antonelli, having been suffering for a fortDight from gout,had to make a great effort to be present. The Pope proceeded to Rorae in what is called his town equipage, and had in the carriage with him Cardinals Patrizzi and lRoberti, Cardinal Antonelli having proceeded direct to Rouse to receive bim at St. Peter's. On the arrival of the Pope at Ponte Molle a deputation of the traders of Rome, who have constructed at that spot an amphitheatre, begged his Holiness to give his blessing to the people who were there assembled. The Pope accordingly asceded a platforn,, where he was addressed by Count Savorelli, President of the Chamber of Commerce, and he gavehis benediction to the people, who, in return, greeted him with acclamations. General de Goyon, the French Commander, attended by his stasQ, then paid his respects to the Pope, and when his H oliness resumed his progress tho General rode at the side ot his carriage to the Vatican, the staff forming a cortUge instead (f the guard. At the Porta del Popolo a deputation of the municipality, headed by Senator Prince Orsini, presented theirhonnle to the Pope. fe thenproceeded by the Corso and the Via Papale to St. Peter's, where a te Deurn was chanted in the usual manner. All the Cardinals and the diplo|matic body wre present, The Pope afterwards retired to his Ia,prtmentsin theVstica, l.a tbo0evening tbe entire cityand the cupola of St. Peter's were brilliantly 3laminated, and the illuminations were repeated the next evening. The municipality distributed bread and meat to the poor, and paid the small debts of insolvent prisoners Prince Borghee gave gratuitous amusements to the people, and distribated among themby lottery about 5,OOOf. The Savings. Bank galve marriage Vortions to a number of girl -who,in theIr own naines or In ithose of their parents, hAd deposits Io the bank. In a word, Overything was done to make the reoeption as brillant as those that have taken place in other towns. And now, if it be asked what is the view taken here of the journey which the Holy Father has just terminated, it mTus be answered lhat it is considered to have produced immernse advantages. AUl the reports that have been spread abod& otodmfoino the( provinces, and especially Roznaana, are 2ield to be solemnlr disprofed by the demonstrationsBmade by the people inhonLour 4tkhe Pope. It has been de5initivel$ resolved that the withdrawal froma circrulation ol the la'J~pl6oes of five sou sbAll take place forthwit'h. This mesnsse aflrds general satisfaction, and remOves the last trade In thae Treasury of the Revoluxtioa. Other mneasures, calulated to faciltAteo the eouilibrium of thxe budget, are unider discussion.",
I1BLAND. (FoRM oim owN CORPSPR,ONMDL'r.% DUBLIN, TuSDAY MnwIxO. GOVERN1MMU nfQUfiY AT BELFAST. Mr. David Lynch7 Q.O. (Roman Cathollo and 'Whig), and Mr. YamIlton Smyt`La, Q.C. (Proteataau arid Conaervative), the Commissioners appointed bj the Lord-Lieutenant to inquire into the recent dis. graceful outrages in Belfast, arrived there yesterday morning and formally opened the sittings of the commsion at 3 dolock in the County Court-house. Among those present as listeners were the Protestant and BRomTan Catholic Bishops, the Mayor of Belfast, and several of the local civil authorities. Mr.Alex.O'Rourke appeared for the Roman Catholic inhabitants who had suffered by the riots; Mr. John Rea for some others, and also to lay his own viewsi on the subject before tlhe Commissioners; Mr. M'Meehan represented the ultra-Protestant party. Subjoined is the report of the opening statement on the part of the Government:- "M-r.Lynch, Q.C., in opening the commiion, saidBefore proceeding to discharge the duties which devolve UpOn Us under the warrant of the Lord-Lieutenant, I wish to state the nature of the inquiry which we are direted to make, and, that itmay be understood, thecourse of proceed. Ing that weo intenda aodopt. A maemorlal extensively signed b7, I am Informed, mcit of the leading gentlemen of this city was forwaxrded to the Lord-Lieutenant, and by it it was stated that the, memnorlalists entreated acttention to the occurrences which have teken plae since the 12th of Jlly. They sthted that riots had occurred which lasted for seven days in succemlon, and called for a searching investigatioa into the ora of the riots Atthe time of the presentation of that memorial the riots alluded to in it had ocourredbut, of course, we all mast regret to have to add that since that memorial was presented a state of thinzs even something wonre continued to exist In the town, and I sin sony to bs obBged to say, from such information ashas been furnished to us, thatup to thxe present time this state of thinga exists. In consequence of that memorial the Lord. Lieutenant directed to us a warrant desiring us to hold a con* of lnquir. The terms of that warant I shall now read. (Mr. Lynch then read the warrant dAecting himself and Mr. Smythe to hold a court of inquiry on the 14th of September and following dy to isquire into and Investi. gate al matters conne,Se wi the origin and character o the riots and diaturbances which commenced in Belfast on the 13th of July, and continuea thereafter for several suc. cesslve days, and were renewed on the 6th of September, and continued for some days since, and the consequences which have resulted from sach riots and disturbances; also to Inquire Into the local arrangements for the preservation of the boo, the suppressoin of the riots, and the force usally av 'bl there for smob purpos, and the adequacy of the means for the restoration of order and tranquilty.] Per. suant to this waant we proceed to hold tho inquiry. But I think it neceary fully to explain that, In conductiag this inquirz, there is no view whatsoever to bring home convicton or punishment to any individual in respect to acts which have previouslybeen committed. This commission ia not intended to be brought in aid of any procecution to be instituted against persons for an infzaction of the law. It is not our intention at all to fix guilt upon individuals. That matter will be for the ordinar3 tribunl Our purpass is a more general and, to us, infiitely more gratefrl one. It is intended to have an operation for the benefit of all, and to try and devise means for the protection of the town, which bas hitherto been endangered. There is no man of right feeling who must not regret the state of tbingp which exists and hag existed here for some tme. Ho,r such a state of things could have arlsen in a town like thls-remarkable for commerce and evepything that marks refinement and progress-fills one with surprise and regret. Every man of right mind will feel it his daty and interest to do everything possible in showing how this state of things has originated, tracing, if possible, the orig(n of these proceedings. We must naturally enter, I fear, into some things we must all regret-some matters connected with poUties, and some matters distantly connected with religlon. Such inquiries are only made, not that aay rankling feelings may be created, but that such may if possible be prevented. in such a state of things between conflicting' parties it Is likely that, as in cases between individuals, no one party almost is wholly blameless, nor any wholly to blame. I do hope and trut that the very fact of meu coming before an impartial tribunal on both sides, and tell. ing their gnevances, or fancied grievances, will in the end lead them absolutely to see that there is still In this town, us elsewhere, a common ground of brotherhood for different parties and different religions. Ar& Lynch then proceeded to say that the court wrould be open to all parties as witnesses, and that they would take a chronological course, beginning with Jnly, and coming up to the present; The protracted nature of the inquiry may be learnt from the fact that Mr. O'Rourke ated that there were no fewer than 76 witness to be brought forward on the Roman Catholic side; while those to be produced for the Protestant party were pretty nearly equal. After some preliminary skirmishlujI between counsel and the Court, in reply to Mr. O'Rourke, " Mr. Lynch said the comraissione would not close tae inquiry upon anyparticular branch until they rose. In ordar that every opportnt might be afforded for a full investigatiou, evi ence would received at anystage upon amy branch of the subject. " Mr. WM'eehan observed that there would be a difficulty in getting witnesses to volanteer evidence which might hiplicate others Mr. Lynch.-Our object is not to obtain evidence for the conviction of anyperson. We wish to learn all the fats, and, having learntthem, to be enabled to suggest a remedy that will be for the pubhc good. "Mr. Reas mentioned that the inquiry differed in one material respect from that which took place in reference to the Dolly's- rae affair. There only one issue had to be tried; here there were 50 different isaes. "Mr. Smythe remarked that there were informations in Dolly's-br4 case. " Mr. Rea said there wero not. Lord Roden and the Messrs. Beeres tool informations against no one. They were the real offenders The in Uiry by Mr. Berwick pro. duced the best results. Lord R en and the Beereses were dismissed fronm the commission of the peace, and an Act or Parliament was passed in the next session in reference to Orange processions and ever sinoe there had been no rioting in that part of the country. He hoped the same course would be taken in this instance, for nothing less than legislation would prevent a recurrence of the scenes which had since July last disgraced Belfast. " It was finally arranged that the inquiry should Oem. mence this day at 12 o'clock" An in(lependent Protestant journal (the Belfast Mfercury) has the following, remarks upon Lbhe -abject of street preaching generally:- "The whole origin of these riots is to be traced to the in. discretion of those who desired to follow street preaching on the Sabbath. Many things may be lawful but not expedient, and street preaching is one of them. The right exists In its perfect plenitude, and it is creditable to our free constitution that it should so exist' but society is held togther by a series of contpromises between the plerd. tue of individual natural rights and the publi wal; we muastallbe content tosacrifice somewhatof our ownindividaal liberties for the general good government and wellbeing of the commonwealth. It was, therefore, highly creditable to the Episcopal Parochial Mission that when the members found their publi services, though not in themselves caloa. lated to create distuWbances, had nevertheless done so by affording a pretext to evil-disposed persons to violate the public peace-it was in all respects creditable to them that they at once notified their determination to refrain from exercising their right under present circamstances. An attempt was rmade to deter them from doing so by the vulgar argument that it they adopted saeh a prudent course they would be succumbing to mob law, and give to their Roman Catholic assailants a triumph. Bat they rose superior to such menial considerations, and the result Is that the public feeling and the publie sympathy are with them. Any man whose good opinion Is worth having they have, owing to the discretion and judRment and true regard for the interests of religion with which they acted. Bat when the episcopal clergy withdrew from the field, the howl was raised that Protestant liberties were to be sacrificed toPapist intolerance and prejudices, and otlier actors appeated ont the scene whose course of action w&s not so much dIsgraceful as congenial to themselves. They made the interests of Protestantism and of religion subservient to their own selfish schemes and morbid vanities It would be impossible to imagine anything more disreputable to the character of a free and enlightened press than the conduct pursued by the party journals on both sides. As a genUteman remarked to another, 'I do not wonder at the brutality and stolid ignorance of the mobs in doing what is so destractive to their onv interests when I look into the party organs that ptofess to be the guides of p%rty opinion, and find the brutal violence of the mob excelled by the brutal intolerance and folly of those newakapers.' And such, in truth, is the disaceful fa¢t. The idea thet any good cau3e can be served by sluch proceedinys is shsmefully idiculous. Relgon is injured, and the religions feelngs of the community are outraged by the violence of bigots Dnd hyocrites. It is to he hoped that common sense wilU gradually a it8 sa anong us, and that the decencies of the Sabbath will no longer be outraged by such flagrnt acts of violence. In abstaining from exercising the right of preaching ia the public thorozh. fares there is no abandonment of principle whatever-ao surrender of any Gospel prvilege and those who fancy there is are very grivouly mistaken. Let not the locn Qatholio rabbleiieaginefor one moment,that any concession has been made to their senseless prejudices and inveterate bigotries. They must be made t ndersndando feel that this is a free country-that while they are protected in the free exercise of their own religion the like proteotion extends to others. The genius of the age looks upon all mnembers of the State as entitled to equl civil and religioas rights and privileges-equality for all ta the eye of the lsw, but ascendancy to none, is the onstitutional maxim that now prevails." FIJNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 90; ditto, for accomunt, 13th ef October, 90A i i; New Three per Cent. Stock, 89i 90;ditto, for aounlt, 13thx of October, 9O-; Great Southern and Western Four per Cent. pref,, paid In full, 2Oi., [S x. n.; Mtidland Great Western and Rloyal Canal, fill. paid, fi0^ . _____________i THn ICdNsED PORTBRS AT DovYR.-At a meeting of the Dover Local Board of Health, on Thursday, the master of the porters, named Griggs, and a porter named Baker, were suspended-the former for three months and the latter for one month. The offence of Grigga was tht he had omitted to enter In tie report-beok a complaint aginst Baketr, who had insolently refused to carry a passenger's luggage to Waterloo-oresent. The mayor observed that in the ourse of the Investigation a sad want of dis- cipline and order had been foundto pervade the body of licensed porters, and that the hoard. if they acted upon h s suggestion, would promptly set itslf to the task of reamelI. lag ii.
B NOR WOiCH SIalL RSTIV7AL. (mo!m ouI OWN RXPO1lTER.1 NORWICH, SErPT. 15. Although several unpropitious cornustanoe threatened to militate against the 12th triennial Imusic meeting in aid of the Norfolk and Norwich charities, its success, we have reason to believe, is now placed beyond a doubt. The exertions of the general committee and of their indefatigable hon. wecretay, Mr. Roger Kerrison, who has for many years borne the chief weight of the offcial respondbilitie with crodit to himself and benefit to the festival, have been unremitting. All obstacles are surmounted, and it is confidently anticipAted that a very different blancesheet will be presented at the termination of the proceed. ing from that of 1854, which showed an excess of expenditure over receips, amounting to 1031. 93. S, thus leaving a small deficiency to be made up by the vioe-presidents, and nothing at al for the charities. How lage is the outlay attendant upon these festivals, and what degree of public support is indispensable to insure a profit, may be gathered from the tsble of salaries paid to singers and players at the U1th meeting. From this it appears that 2,1101 IGs. fell to the principal singers and ahorug, 1,1171 14s. 6d. to the band, and 105I to the conductormaking a total of 3,33 10s. 6d. for musicians alone. The other liabilities raised the gross amotmt to 4,34Z1 14s. 7d., and, the receipts being only 4,2441. 5s. 2d., the above-men. tioned loss was incurred. The Norwich Festival, like that at Birmingham, depends entirely on the sale of tiokets for ny service it may be able to confer upon the charities. There are no oollections after performancoe s at the celebrations of AhI,"Z1Threo Choirs," and no donations unless when there is a deficiency to provide for. Neverthelse,that the undertaking can be made to pay is proved by the fact that out of 11 meetings only two (those of 1836 and 1854)were unsuceessful The largest receipts everobtalned were at the first and second meetings (1824 and 1827). The outlty has invariably averaged between 4,0001. and 5,0001. In keeping the expenditure within reasonable bounds, in varying the attrac tions as much as powdble, in endeavourlng to inspire the inhabitants of the county with a direct personal interest in the welfare of their music meeting, and a sense of humillationat the prospect of a failure, lie the chances of future and permanent triumph. As no less than It useful and exoellent charities look to the triennial festival for very neemary contributions to their funds, it would be sad indeed to witness its decay for want of that local patronage on which it has so just a right to count. But the noblEty and gentry of Nozfolk will nerer permit such a disgrace, and the brightening aspect of the present anniversary shows that a neow sympathy has been raised from which the most favourableresultS may be expected. Besides, charity apart, the Norvich Festival cau lay clai to a chapter in the future history of mmudc,-since what Birmingham has done for Mendelssohn Norwich has effected for Spohr. The PaU of Babylon and Calvary may not be comparable, as works of the highest genius, to St. Paul and .lijah ; but they are the productions of the only man of the day At all able to compete with Mendelasohn in the composition of sacred oratorios. The list of noblemen and gentlenreD who countenance tbepreseutimsetingwith their influence, and the majority of whom will probably attend, Is long and im i President, the Earl of Leicester; Vice-Presidents, tholHig Sheriff and Mayor of Norwich, the Duke of Wellington, Marquis of Lothian, Marquds Townshend, Earl of Albemarle, Earl of Rosebery, Earl of Gosford, Earl of Orford, Earl Jermyn, Viscount Maynard, Viscount Ranelagh, Viscount Raynhain, Viscount Bury, Lord Stanley, Lord Hastings, Lord Stafford, Lord Sondes, Lord Walsingbam, Lord Suifield, Lord Bayning, Lord Wodehouse, Right Hon. Sir John Patteson, the Dean of Norwich, Sir Edamnd Bacon, SirW. R. Kemp, Sir Henry Bedlngfeld, Sir W. J. IL B. Ffolkes, Sir W. M. Middleton, Sir R. P. Jodrell, Sir E. H Y. Lacon, Sir Henry J. Stracey, SirWilloughby Jones, Sir J. P. Boilean, Slr R. Shafto Adair, SirE. N. Buxton, Sir S. Morton Peto, Boar-Admiral Sir E. Travers, Sir Henry Robinson, Sir Samnuel Binold, Mfajor-General Windham, Mlessrs. B. Gmrdon, G. 1 Bentinck, L. W. Schnedder, J. H. Gurney, J. C. Cobbold, and B. Fellowes; the Mayors of Yarmouth, Lynn, and Thetford, and the Sheriff of Norwich. The Lord-Lieutenant of the county seldom appears cxcept in name; but his place is to beoocupied by the Earl of Albemarle (chairman of the genoral committee), who will officiate as president at the conoerts, The Bishop of Norwich, on being applied to forhis patronage, declined to give it, we are intormed, on the plea that, "Iwith every desire to promote the Interest of the charities to which it is proposed to devote the profits of the muscal festival he could not concar with the committee in seeking to advance thecr by such means," The present Bi shop of Norwich would seetn to maintain very differentopinion8 On sch matterefrom those of his three immediate predecessors-BBihops Bathnrst Stanley, and Hinds-who were all lovers of music, and stanch supporters of the festival, keeping open house in munificent style during the entire week. Bishop Stanley even went so far s to entertain a songstress-Jenny Lind, herself not an apathetic labourer in the field of charity-at his residence. This only shows, however, that prelates may indulge in wholly opnosite opinions on other points than those of pure theology. The performances at the Norwich Festival, morning and evening, sacred and secular, take place in St. Andrew's-hall, one of the most splendid edifices of its kind in England. Here used to be held the MAyor's annual feasts% which sometimes as many as 1,000 persons attended. When the Municipal Reform Act passed these costly and imposing ceremonies were abolished, And the batldiag is now chiefly devoted to public meetings and musical per formances. St. Andrews-hall having more than once been described in The Times, it is enough to add that a manifest improvement has been effected by lowering the orchestra at the west-end, by means of which contrivance the performers may both be seen and heard to greater Advantage. A new arrangement of the raised seats in the aisles (intersected by the pillars supporting pointed arches which sustain the roof) has also exposed to view the portraits and historical pictures, which being formerly concealed altogether deprived the spectator of one of the chief attraotions of the interior. At the east end, on the partition which divides the choir from the nave, is a portrait of Nelson, taken by Sir W. Beechey in 18O0, and said to be the last for which the hero of Trafalgar ever sat. Mr. Benedict, whose personal popularity with every one in Norwich, high and low, is as great as his musical reputatation, is (for the fifth time) conductor of the rnusical performances, and as usual has provided a magnificent instrumental force of 90 players, the flower of the metropolitan orchestras. Norfolk is famed for Its choral singers, whose fresh and telling voices are as pleasant to hear as their zeal is conducive to the good effect of the execution. Of these there is aehalaux 250 strong, which, added to the band, pretents a tr y efficient body. Their quality was tested yesterday and to-day at the rehearsals, when the most important pieces in the programme were gone through. The following are the names of the principal sololsts, vocal and instrumental:-Madame Clara Novello. Mademoiselle Leonhardi, Madame Weiss, Mrs. Lockey, and hladennoiselle Piccolomlini, Signor Gardoni, Signor GIuglini, Mrr. Loekey, Mr. Mfiranda, Mr. Weiss, and Signor Belletti (vocalists);violin, h. Saiaton and Mr. Blagrove; violoncello, Herr EHausmaun. The Festival begins to-night with a grand concert, at which Mademoiselle Piccolomini and Signor Gingliai are to sing, and Mr. Howard Glover's Tam O'Sianicr is tobe given for the first time. The programme is of a more tan usally " miscellaneous" char.scter. To-morrow morning Spohr's cantata, Imown as Tte ahristian's Praycr, Mendelssohn's Hymn of Praise, and Mozart's Requiem will conlstitate a most admirable and interesting programrme of sacred music. At the second evening concert Spohr's symphony called the Seaosn5 will be performed, and the Italian "troop" make their -econd and fnal appearance. The symphony,which is new to Norwich, may be remembered in London as the one composed expressly for the so-called "National Concerts," which made so mernorable a failure at Rer Mlajesty's Theatre in the winter of 1849-bO. Thursday morning Beethoven's Mount of Olives and lHaydn's Seasons wFill keep the performers and the audience in St. Andrew's-hall till late in the afternoon. By tbe wvay, the formner as announced as " arranged by Sir George Smartt" the latter as "arrangedby Professor taylor," Would itbeindiscreet to demand wthat the words " arranged by" may signAfy At the third and last evening concert On the same day we are to have the Pastoral S.ymphony of Beethoven, and a selection from the music to the second part of Goethe's Faust, the composition of Mr. Pierson, whose oratorio of Jes-rsalm was produced at the Norwich Festival of 1852, and commented upon at great length In our report of the meeting. On Friday mornmng the undying 2Messiah, and in the evening a fancy dress ball at St. Andrew's-hall will bring the festival toa cloge. The old city is rapidly flling with visitors from all parts and assuming an aspect of unascustomed animation, The streets re thronged, epecially in the neighbop1rhood of the hall, where the strains of musio are eagerly cUght, by the outsiders," and the scaroely antice- patei tine weather makes everything and everybody look gay and cheerful. The Duke of Cambridge was expectd to attend the festival; but has excused himself to Captaun Ives, his proffered host. on the plea of other engagerments. The shilling conoorts at the hall, which usually usher in the festival, have been again succesful. The last took place on Saturday evening. At the previoug one on Wednesday, upwards of 1,200 persons attended. 1)D Buck, the zealous and able organist of the cathedral, has been industrious as of yore. His anthem, oomposed for the installation of the Bishop of Norwich, waa performed by his admirably-trained ohoir on Sunday. Of this and of the choir we may speak on another occasion.
OKTSrAL PALAOE.-ONX SHUMo DAT, Tuesday, Spt. 15-Admisons -on p ment, 5,393; ditto by serontiket 36:totaixl X=- r ,769. ' FMz AT SADWELL.-Yeeterday (Tuesday) moring, about 2 o'clock, the inhabitants of the parishes of Shadwell and St. George-in-tbe-East were alarmed by tbe outbreak of a fire in King David-lane, near Shadwoel Church. The premises in uhichthe misfortune oommenced belonged to Mr. 3L Schontal, a German coffeeshop and hoarding-house keeper. The firemen, under the direction of Mr. Pogo, the foreman of the A section, had their ea. gines set to work from a splendid head of water furnished hy the East London Company's mains, and by carrying the hose up the stairs aud through the adjoining houses the men, with the aid of about 50 hired assistants, were enabled to sctter the W^ater npon the exact seat of the conflagration, but it was not until an advanced hour in the morning that the fire could be extinguished, ana notuntil Mr. Schontal's premiLs were destro.ed, and tbea. of Mfr. Wraick. under. taker, No. 22; Messrs. Bower, grocers, &c., No. 20; Atr. Driscoll, painter, &ac., No. 30 (opposite); and Mr. Hagarty, No. 31, were also seriously damaged by fire, vater, and remoral of furniture. The origin of th fJire is unknown, The principal sufferers are insurvd.
TEll ItDIAN MzvSSACRX0. WEYMOUTH. in complIance with a eommunication roceived from tho Lord Mayor of London, Mr. G. C. Welsford, mayor of this borough, convened a mecting of the inhabitantg and visitors at the GnUildhll yesterdq for the purpose of takdng steps to co-operate with the London commuttee in rai6ing fUnda for the relief of tbo destitute xufferer3 by the rmutiny in India. Rhi worship presided, and was supported by Mr. B. J. B. Campbell, one of the members, and by many of the clergy and principal inhsbitaits of the town. Atr. ELTOr, a count magistrato proposod the first reeolu. toon, which wu as follows "That iblsmeeting dedree to expe its ympathy with the many helplew suffmers who se reduce to a tate of destitution by the late mutnies in India, and feels caed upon to record aIt datsiatloc ot the unbeard-cf atroctes ot the rebel rrar, sdA Its cruelty to helples lemale%, chiLdren, an4 or unrumed Chrtiau feUow ubjwets, and tnuts tbht the efforts nowjbelng made for the punishment of tbe gullk nay, by the Divine blanIDe, be crowne with the earliest xuess Captain PBowsz, RN., secondod the resolution, which was unanimously adopted. The Rev. R J. Lyo?f proposed the next resolution "Tha, in consideration of the survirots of these unbh.ad-o( bmtilties being now dependent on otbean or clothlui, fco. d hIter In additon to their crul lou of husbamds and arents, tbig meeting aluavly rentreats the beneraeout oontribuatos of its felow towns. men a v1il1tor to releTe In Done measure the wantg and mufferinr of the affllted.' He ured that it was the duty of all Christians and lovers of their country not only to do all in their power to relieve the sufferers by this wide-spread mutiny, but to do some. thing more thanthat. Never, perha.ye, in the history of any nathen nation were such atrocities heard of as were now perpetrated in India, and that inder the pretext of rellgion, for he feared that it was a Mahomedan feeling Which moved those wretches, as he might well call them, to the perpetration of outrages which could not be exceeded by a nation of savags The Rev. G. JACXSON seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Zslr. CXPtELL, MP., proposed,- "That subscription lixts be opened at each of the banks and Ubrwres of tbis town, and tbht tbe amounts as collected be forwarded to the Lord Mayor sud the tendon eommlttee to be added to the teneral fund for carrying out the objecta of this meetinz," Tle hon. member, with the permission of the Mayor, added the following rider:- " Thatthis meeteg,feeling .uatkedthat theappesi made onuehal or t beir fellow-countrymen in India must be liberallrespoaded to in this country ad bonbt ur vamt pdo x abroad, woud urg. upon the Oental committee It Ldond tbe creation of a tund having for Its Objec the formatIon of sahools In the bealty hiU atlons of India, ior the education and maIntenanoe oft the eudren of Europesn tlders, this fond to he. created out of the su-plus contrbetinoes receved, after satisfying the Pressing went. of the sufferer by the mutinies." He then observed that ho Was sure a gallant and distingushed general whom he saw In the room (Generil Huish), and who had been some time in India, would bear testimony to the advantages which would arise from the establishment of such schools. They would not only improve the morality of the arny and raise a barrier against the encroachment of the native influence, but woud be likzely to promote colonization In our Indian posseselons. MIr.Arninxsoy,ln seconding the resolution,remarked that the establishment of schools in the hill districts wras no new idea, as the subject had been taken in hand by the late Sir H. lawFrence. Mr. S. C. HALL supported the resolution. The resolution, with the rider, was then carried tmanimously. A committee was appointed to carry out the resolution, and a vote of thanks to the chsirmau was agreed to. It is iniended to make a house-to-house collection in the course of a few days; but the MA1YOn announced, dcuing the above proceedings, that several gentlemen hAd already put their names down for sums which amounted to upwars of 55i, including 2OX from Mr. Campbell, YP. CHELTENRAIL A large and influential meeting of the inhabitants of Cheltenbam took plAce at the Assembly-rooms yesterday for the purpose of raising subscriptions for the relief ot the sufferers in India. Between th-ree ad four hundred ladles and gentlemen were present, amoug whom were J. Agg Gardner (Lord of the Manor), Sir A. Bamsay, bLP., Rev. Walker, (Incumbent of Cheltenham), Colonel Kennedy, Colonel Wood, Colonel Decluzean, Colonel Willats, General laurie, General Brett, Mr. G. Russell (high bailiff), _ev. A. Boyd, Rev. J. Maynard, Colonel Harding, Colonel Kirwan, Cagtain Iredell, Mr. James Webster, General Conran. Mr. u. J. Bird (hadras Civil Service), Mr. George Bird, Mr. Thomas Fortescue, Colonel Douglas, Dr. Keir, Colonel Warner Biggins. CaptainL Fobisher, &c. Mr. J. AGG GA-RDhsiz, having been voted to the chair, opened the procoeedings by calling on General Conran to move the first resolution, which wam to the following effect:- " That the Inhabltant of Cbeltcham, wbhUi rooring their Indignathe at the atocties Inliedlot on their countrymen and countrywomen In India, dire to express their earnest sympathy with the nunmesuc families wbo have in onsequeno ceem Dlunged Into affliction and dir. trem, and resolve that a sulxcrlptb obheo mmediately opened for t%h Purpose of affcrdin reef to the sufferes." The Rev. A. Bo}D, incumbent of Christ Church, in seconding this resolution, described the fearful atrorities which had tken place in India, expressing his opinion th.t the causes of the outbreak were mainly to be attributed to the desire of the followers of Mahomet to regain their long-lost sway over the Eastern empire, and were not in any way connected with the unfolding of the Goepel of Christ in that country, and concluded by an eloquent appeal to the meetiag for support, on the threefold ground of humanity. justice, and sympathy for their fellow-countrymen and oountrywomen in the Bast. The resolution was carried with accmation. Sir A. BAsisAY, M.P. for Rochdaio, proposed the second resolution:- "That books be opened st the vriou banks snd libsaries in Cheltenbam forthe Purpose of receiving subsctiptions, and that Mr. amqs Webster and Mr. James Agg Gardner be request I to act s tresmere to the fund, and Mr. Henry Davies as honorary sccretay." He (Sir A. Itameay) was of opinion that the disgraceful muties of the Bengal Sepoys would soon be overcome, and that we should then be able to place the British power in India on a firmer basis than before, and add greater lustre to what we might still call the brightest jewel in the British Crown; for, whether we looked at our possedons in India as a record of the brilliant prowess of our armies, or as a monument to show the nations of the world what EngllJh enterprlse and energy can do, we must look upon the conquest of India as a grand achievement, and he trusted that when the British Legislature reassembled they would lay aside for a time all minor sabjects, and devote their whole energy to the consderation of the restoration of British power In India. But in the meantime there must be many near and dear friends in that fax off land whose distresses and calamities needed our sympathies and sup. port. Mr. C. HoGG seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimrously. A vote of thanks to thechairman terminated the proceedings. Before leaving the room upwards of 2001. was subscribed. IPSWIff. Yesterday (Tuesday) the Mayor of Ipswich issued the following appeal to the inhabitants:- "The Mayor desirs to annousce to the residents of Ipswich and Its surrounding vicinity that he will be happy to rcceive aud forward to the Lord 3fayor such subcIptIons RS they may desir to contribute in aid of cur witering fellow-courtrs nea and oonntrywomen In India. The Mayor Is quite sture the excitement ot a publc mneeting is not needed to Induce in this very painful emercenry the deepest interest and the promplt e.udbssvolenl aIdefo the people of Ipsewich nd fir neighbourhood; they berr suer been ready to contribtte for the relief of the sffering and disted, and srely there has never sri- en a more preessng or lIrperative call than the preeint for the exercise of their asymathy and benevolenee. The MaTyor Condently hopes this appeal will meet a cheerfl and very general response."
MfILITIA EXPENSENE TO TaE EDITOR O TEB TIMES. Sir,-In your paper of the 7th inst. was a letter headed. "Militia Expenses," aud signed, "A Old Officer of Militia," in which the writer states, "my whole parapher. nalia,-a cloak, tunic, blue frock, sheU jacket, four pairs of trousers, shako, forage cap, sword, and saeh only cost me about 3914" I am smre you would cheerZully give a space in your columns for the "O ld ml1iti& Officr" to state where he obtained his outrit at so moderate a cost. It would be con. ferring a benefit both on tho ontatter and on the public at large. I am, Sir, your costant reader and admirer. CLERICOIS. B%th, Sept. 14. P.S. The artides above quotea from the "' Ol Offieer's' letter cost me double the money when obtained for x, son.
THs DxAT}s BY DR.owNIC; AT DvNARi.-Tbe particulars of the melancholy accident which took plaoo at Dunbar on Saturday afternoon, and wi{ch was briefly noticed In %c Times of yesterday, are thus reted by the Edinburgh Evenig Courant:- Mr. William Wilson, a gentleman frora London, brother of Mr. James lMson, 5ecretary of the Treasury, and of Mr. Walter Wilson, mannfecturer, Hawick, had a few weeks sinoe brought down his family to Dnnbar, where he possessed a marine villa called KirkhiUl Cottage. The cottage wa near the beach, and the windows overlooked the ploae where the family were wont to bathe. The beach oondsts at the spot of several series of rocks projecting into the sea, with beds of gravel between them. The Water had been very rough the previous day, and on Saturday there was stil a stroDg under current, tbough the surfae was comparatively smooth. While the tide was receding, and at about a quarter past. 10 a.m., Misses Helen and Alioe Wilsoa, aged respectively 17 and 14 years, ventured into the sea to bathe, along with a female servant. They had not been long in the water when a heavy sea struck the group, throwring the serv&at upon the beach, bat drawing the young ladies under neath the waves. The former oeidng the draer her charge were in gave the ailrm, and ran to-the cottage. Mr. Wilson and his son Jame, a hd of 18, came running down to the beach the latter dashed into the water first, bht was soon beyon. his depth, and was drowning. The father, eeing his family in uch peril, rushed also into the surging tide, but vain and fatal was his effort, for he also wa drawn into the current, and before other aid could be got tbey alt perished together. The distracted mother followed to the beacb, and was, in her dismy and agony, about to enoonnter the same dAnger, when some ove on the beach followed her into the water and drew her back. A police-oonstable allantly succeeded within 10 minutes in recovering Helen and upon belng drawn upon the beach she was hear to draw a sigh, but no furtber evidence of life was given, and all effort to restore it proved fruitless James was got out in three or four minutes after, but was quite dead. The body of Alice was not recovered till 5 nm, when It ws found nearly half a mile to the westarP near the old harboar. The body of Mr. Wilson bad not been heard of up to 6 o'clock on Monday evening." 3Ir SWison Bws in the habit of residirg some mnontFs in tho yearwith his family at DunIar, Ffe was S55 years of 3ge,
AhW?JEY-AfARKITafldOfTyNTEJLfjGEgNVqEff xov-Sszra;da:rx-l maas Tusday Evening. The quotaton of gold at 2Pa is about 6 per male premium, and the short exchange on London ix 25.20 per ILaterling. On comparing the:e rateswith the Eaglish ant prioo of 3S 17. lOid. per ounce for standard gold it appeas that gold is about 4-1Othx per cent. dearer in Paris than in London. By advice from Hamburg the price of gold ix 422R per mark, and the short exchange on London in 13.4 per 11. sterling. Standard gold at the English Mint prics Is therefore rather more than 1-10th per cent. dearer in London than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 109i per cent., which, when compared with the Mint par between the two countries, thowx that the exchange is sightly in favour of England; and, after making owanoe for charges of transport and difference of ihterest, the presont rate leaves a small profit on the importation of gold from the United States. T'he funds continue duU. They opened at a declius of an eighth, and subeequently experienced a furthor reduction. Areport fromMarseilles that Agra had fallen into the hands of the rebels was one of the chief causes of the prevailing heaviness, but the tenour of all the other advioes indicates that such an event was extremely improbable. The only force likely to attack Agra consisted of the mutineers from Neemuch, and these are stated to have entered Delhi after the check they received at Agraon the 5th of July. It is also distinctly announced that nothing of importance had occurred at Agra since that dastean intimation which would be totally inconsistent with the fact of a force sufficient to overcome its defenders having again moved upon it. Hence most probably the report is merely a repetition of one that was current when the place was threatened with an attack previously to the sortie which caused the mutineers to abandon their plan and proceed to IDelhi. At the same time it is to be noticed as a favourable feature that the Bombay money-market has become much easier, and that the exchange on London has experienced a fall of Ij per cent., which will have a material eflect in lesaening the shipments of specie from this side. On the other hand, it is unsatitfactory to find that the great annual Mahomedan festival of the Mohurran had not, as Rwas supposed, taken place previously to the date of the present advices. The period of its occurrence is regulated by the August moon, and it would commence this year on the 22d of Au at, and end on the 31st. Nothing, therefore, will be known with regard to it until the next arrivae As the danger of the celebration, however, has hitherto been chiefly manifested from its leading to fierce outbreaks between the Mahomedans and Hffndoos it is possible that now, instead of adding to the perilsaofourposition, itmayprecipitate anytendencies to dissention that may have developed themselves between the two races during the short period of their false combination. Consols for mnoney, which left off yesterday at 90i to A, were first quoted 90k to i, at which they remained, with a weak appearance, until near the close of business. It then transpired that the Bank of Holland have to-day raised their rate of discount, and upon a few sales a further fall took place to 90i to i, from which there was no recovery. For the account the last official price was 90i to i, and after regular hours the downward movement made further progress, aud transactions were eDtered into at 90 to J. At the Bank- of England, and in the discount-market, there was a considerable increate in the demand for money. Ia the Stock-Exchange the rate was frora 5 to 5i per cent. India Stock closed at 210 to 213; India Bonds, 23,. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer Bills, 7s. to 3s. discount. The foreign stoec-market has shown mnore activity, but prices are not fully maintained. Turkish and Venezuelan closed at a decline. Mexican were negotiated at 21.g and J; Peruviar1 Four-and-aHlalf per Cents., 79 and 79i; Portuguese, 45i; Rtussian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 9dt; Spanish Deferred, 25k; ditto, Passive, &1; Turkish Six per Cents., 95, 95k, and 94i; ditto, for the accouut, 95k; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 99i; and Venezuelan Four-and-a-Quarter per Cents., 31k. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon tke rate3 for Holland and Hamburg were a shade lower. For Paris and Italy the tendency was slightly upward. The final quotation of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 66f. 55c. for both money and account, showing in the former case a fractional recovery. The Bank of Holland have to-day again raised their rate of discount. Last month it was increased from 4 to 4i per cent., and it has now been put up to 6 per cent. The movement is believed to have been adopted in consequence of a large amount of securities having lately been thrown upon the AmusterdaIn market from Vienna, where the preparations of t.he Austrian National Bank for a resump tion of specie paymenta on the 1st of January next are causing considerable pressure. Under the circumstances it is thought that most of the German banks will be compelled to follow the example of the Bankl of Holland, and as a general rise will thus be established over a great part of the Conti nent the prospect of better times at Paris is proportionably deferred. Late this afternoon much anxiety prevailed on the Bourse, and Cr6dit Mobilier and other speculative shares were pressed for sale. The Australian Mail steamer Columbian, which has been telegraphed as having arrived at Suez, has brought 300,u10Ol. in gold. This wrill reach England by the steamer Tamar, expected at Southampton about the 5th of October. It appears that the George Marshall, reported from Australia yesterday, has brought 96,000 sovereigns, in addition to the small suma of golddust mentioned. The Anglo-Saxon has also arrived with 24,923 ounces, valued at 99,6921. It is estimated that the amount of specie to be sent out to India and China on the 20th inst. will not exceed 600,0001. A meeting of the North of Europe Steam Coinpacy was held to-day, Mr. Charles Morrsion in the chair, when the report was received, and it was resolved to carry on the undertaking until the end of the year. The chairman regretted that he had to announce a further loss to the shareholders of 38,5291. upoi the last half-year. This sum, howrever, includes charges properly belonging to former periods and the amount carried to the credit of the insurance fund. It has been found necessary to add to the bad debts account, not from losses through this source having increased, but to meet claims upon the company of -which the directors haQ no previous cognizance. Although the board consider the factory as very valuable when in full employ ith ships engag,ed in the trade with the North of Europe, it is deemed advisable to apply the principle of a depreciation fund to it, the sarae as in the case of the ships. He coald not lay a full statement of their affairs before the ahareholdees, as everything depended upon the sale of the ships and the factory. It is impossible to force a sele of so many vessels, and the beat courso to pursue will be to sell them from time to time as opportunlities offer, and meuanwhile, if p issible, to employ them profitably, instead of leaving thenm to rust in harbour0 The present deficiency is notexpected to increase,-in fact, daring the two months and a half the new direction have been in oflice the accounts show a small profit, arising espe. ciallyfromtbeconveyanooof cattle from the northern ports. The chaizman continued by observing that their embarrassments had been greatly aggravated by statements made by some of the late members of the commnittee of co-operation mn letters to the newspapers. These letters attacked the directors personally, and also depreciated the value of the company's ships, thereby increasing the difficulties of sale. A proprietor observed that the persons composing the board should be in no 'way connected 'with Sir Morton Peto, and pointed out that, besides other losses through him, the ompany had lost 19,0001 by the traffic in connexion with the Tonning and Flensburg Railway. Another propre- tor attacked the aystem of traing with the WVest Coast of Africa, amd moved an amendment to distinguish inthe accounts the operations carried on for purpows for which the company wa. not originally constituted. The amendtment, not being econded, I fell to the ground. Mr. Abel said that at the first I meeting of the committee of co-operation the cld directors were actually obliged to seek fro3n them the truie state of the affairs of the company. Upon inquiry whether any mnoney had been borrowed 15,000. was named as the debt, then 130,0001., and finally 45,000L Two of the ships bhad also been mortgaged, though a question upon this point had been first met with a denial, and no minute of the board appears to authorize this transaction. In answer to a question, ir. Bagsh%w, one of the late direction, stated that Lord Yarborough had retired owing to the eont4=platej arrangements with the Manchester, Sheffied, and LincoInRall way hi connexion with the o ort of (Grimsby uot being anied out, UPQn hIJ rrmven t he bAd
TRADZ BSPORT. Tuesday Evening. SUGAP.-Tbe feeling to-day is much stronger in favour of sugar, and the trade have no stock to go on with. The aales of West India have been large,-vi7., 1,917 hhds. at ful ,-tes and in many instances at an advance. The prices at the auctions were somewhat irregular, 500 hhds. Barbadoes were prrtly sold at 46s. to 54s. 6d., being rather cheaper for the inferior kinds. The low sorts of Mauritius at 37s. to 42s. 6d. went also at a reduction; but for the 1,241 baps Cossipore full prices were obtained-viz., 57s. to As for good bright yeUow, and 53s. to 54s. for syrnps, as well as 600 bags crystalized Demerara and MIauritius at 53s. to 47a. 64. per GWt. Of 1,173 bags Gnorputta date a few lots were disposed of at 61s. to 53s. per cwt. Yesterday and today abont 1,300 boxes yellow Havanna have changed hands privtatelir some MaurI'ius, and about 350 caska Cuba and COrxFEz.-A small auction of plantation Ceylon did not alter previous rates. ltCE.-There were yesterday sold on arrival three flooting cargoes-vizs, Rangoon, lls.; Necranzie, lls. 6d. * and Mtoulmain, Ils. 3d. per owt.; and to-day three of Vadras are reported, two at la. 9d., and one at 11s. 6d., Landed, comprising in a little short of 3,600 tons. On the snot, since the ciose of last week a steady businss at full pnrces, and in some instances dearer. L.EATHER A?Th HIDES.-Tho supply of fresh leather at leadenhall was very short to-day. Crops snd English butts of al averages continue in good request, and there is more doing in dresg hides and shaved hides. Kips and skins sold freely at fuly late rates. In heavy butts, horse hides, shoulders, and offal no change has occurred. Market hides are in fair supply without alteration in value. SALTPETRE.-A few hundred bags have been sold, refraction 5 per cent. and under at 65s., and 80 tons afloat at 56s. To-day 260 bags at public .ale sold at 53s. 6d. for 68 per cent. There is stiU fair inquiry. Delivered last week 00 tons. Stock 5,100 tons, against 5,630 tons. COU1I1D;EAL.-165 bags in public sale to-day went off at 1d. to 2d. advance on the previous rates 48 bags Teneriffe silver, ordinary to good, 4s. to 4s. 2d. * 102 bas ditto, black, ordinary to good, 4s. 2d. to 4s. 7d.; 13 bags Honduras black, 5S. 2d. to 5a. 6d.; and two bags Mexican black, 3s. 91b. per lb. TALLOW.-ThIo market is dull to- day ; 60s. has been ac. cepted for the month, 6Oa. 6d. on the spot ; there are sellers at 59s. 3d. for last three months.
STATE OP TRADE. MANCHIESTER, SEPT. 15. The demand for Germany and for Russia still continues, and under the influence of competition, chiefly from these sources, the price of yarn fully keeps pace with that of cotton. All kinds of twist suited to these markets have ad. vanced, and are reported at fully Id. per lb. over our last Tuesday's prices. The home trade consumers of yarn sre compelled to give a similar advance, and hrve come into the market with tolerable freedom for what they require; but their requirements grow less, and are likely to decline more sensibly under the influence of a compotition which is driving up prices so alarmingly in the present bareness of cotton supply. The orders for yarn on Russian account are said to be very large, and are reported to have been telegraphed to agents here for this week past, without limit as to price. In such a state of the market, the position of the manufacturer becomes daily more emibarrassing, from in. ability to obtain remunerative rates for manufactured goods. The makers of heavy cloths are pretty well supplied with orders, but the light fabrics for India and some other mar]iets entirely fail to command rates proportioned to the increased and increasing cost of yarn, and the policy of many of our millowners at present seems to be to stop their looms as much as possible, and throw the produce of the spindle into the market to make the best of the large foreign demand for yarn. Messs John Slagg aiid Co. report:- 'The mLrket furgood g s in zCuch the rarne Position as reported on Tueeday last. the only difference being tbat the features ame more strongly nearked. .Cotton ard yarns coC0DniD tieir upward course, and, as It is irnpuslble to realize a correspondIng advance on goods, the manueesrersof enryfabica,set areorety gee,sally undecr con. treact, o cclne to esgage tthaemeles dea eperand the msakers ot light goods are rapldlZ (Dies hlDb6a thyir prodution, and refiue to seu Onle*s at a considerable advance on the prices la ely current. The markel. theretora, for nearly all kinds of goals 9s quiet but exceedingly firni at our Quotations."- Messrs. Fraser, Son, and Co. report:- "- The mnarket is moderately firm, but wvith less business doing both in cloth and yarns. Prices are about the same as last week." LEEDS, SEPT. 15. Some improvement was noticeable in the clothmarkets to-day, and more business was done than on last Tuesday. Tho demand has rather increased for the home trade, while several of the export houses are sending off fair orders. The aspect of the woollen trade, in spite of the mutiny in India and some other unpropitious circumstances, is a eatia. sctory one for the winter months, the only drawback beng the high price of the rawr materials used in the manufacture of the best cloth. HUDDERSFIELD, SEPT. 15. There has been a good attendance of buyers this morning, and the market has shown some animation. For middleclass uniou,s there has been a good deJnand, as there also has for theobetter style of waistcoatins. Low goods, particularly cheap grays, have sold well, and altogether the market has been rather brisk. Wools still high and firm in price, but scarcely sot much doing.
RAILWAY AND MINING BHARB.B Teesday Evening. The railway-market bas been flat, and in some of the leading descriptions, such ag Caledonian, Eastern Counties, Great Western, London and NorthWestern, and Sheffield, a decline has taken place. The fall continued after official hours, when Mlidland also receded. An over supply of stock on the market made the latter and London and NorthWestern especially heavy. ShropBhire Union advanced. Au improvement occurred in Great Indian Peninsula and 3Iadras. There was a general reducI tion in French shares on the receipt of lower prices from Paris ; Lombardo-Venetian, Luxembourg, and Pernambuco were aBo lower. Canada Government Bonds again declined. The only important variation in mines was an advance in East Basset. Jointstock banks were without alteration. In miscellaneous securities, London General Omnibus and Peninsular and Oriental Steam receded. As.htM t Oldh&m, 140 I it 1verpool, 490 Rochdale, 3 B h,ftbs 90 tcetezk 1; Npton, 13 Btoutbtidge 510 Covenitry, 19u 5 l cledald, 6 Severn and WyeM S Grand Junetor, 50 Oxford, 105 W eI5 tOt 1 0, 10 Ditto. ga. 6 p. c. £ B .egfitt 16 woar-Mc Birmj,1 Kennet and Atvon. Sk WAT3RBWORCS. 2RetUn. 5 6Aet london, 5 D. ce. t^mbetb, 96 pre, 26 Wed Widd,ee. sg BRIDE. Humterford, 61 DOCK. 8t. Ktine4, 26 2 GASa AND CoEl COAN. Belht2t0 14k Impeilal New, 22 We1em1nutcr Chat, U1 City of Lon . 9 Imp. Continental. 52 S Giet Cenmtl, U1 Londnn Par. Prf, 26 Wester A. 71 Imper41l, 77* Pixni,4$7 Do. B, 4 i INBmOANCE COOPAIlIF& AThIbn, S6 County, 84k London, 33 Altaince, Silt. I; For., Esle, tl Maune, 75 161 Globe. 841 I 'OUcan, 60 Do., 2Marme, 42 SiurdIan, 49 1 Phcenix, 167 6U~s 0 Imperal Life, 19 Royal xcbange, 277 Bl: - 6 lndemnity lac.. 1SS Union, 300
SouTi AusTirA IA.-The etatistical accounts from South Alustralia are highly satisfactory, and show that the steady reliance on and the substantial developement of its three staple productions of corn, wool, and copper give it great commercial weight, as respects the other Australian dependencies, in its transactions with this and other countries. We find during the past year its progress has been most remarkable in comparison with the sister colonies. Within 12 months it has doubled its exports. In 1855 the total declared value of the produce of the colony shipped from its ports was 686,9531.; while in 1856 the amount was 1,398,367t., in almost equal proportions as resnects the three principal commodities-gram and flour, 556,741t.; wool, 412,1631.; and copper, 408,0421., which together make a total of 1,376,9161. from the general exports, the balance of 2L11. being made up by live stock and unenumerated rticles. The Imports dunng the last year are set down at 1,205,0691., showing, conseqnently, an excess of exports over Imports of 193,2981. The general finances of the pro. vince are likewise In a fourishing condition. After defray. ing the whole of the liabilities upto March, 1857, there was r surplus of upwards of 100l,OOO. at the disposal of the Legislature. The revenue for 1856 amounted to 456,0001.- Afining JoQurnal,
THE LATB MURDER IN LEIGH WFOODS - NEAR BBISTOL. Information was received yesterday morning by Mr. Handoock, chief of the Bistol police, from the authorities at Appledore, of the safe arrival on Saturday, at that place, of the woman who viited the beerhouse in Dowryplace in company with the young sailor, under the circumstanoes which have been already published in lTe Times. Various other rumours which have been brought under the notice of the police have tuned out on investigation to have no relation to the matter, excepting the following in. formation, which is still under Inquiry. Ms. Caroline Green, who keeps the White Ion, Temple-street, Brstol, states that on Thursday night, about 12 o'clock. A man dressed as a sailor, in blue round jacket, black silk neckerchief tied in A sailor's knot, bluxe cloth cap, dirty shirt, about 30 years of age, withdark sandy whisker, slept at her house with a woman he oalled his wile, who was dressed in A gray alpsca gown with a white frill .onnd the neck and down the front, straw bonnet with oo. loured riband, black cloth mantle, with velvet-figured trim. nings. The womn- wore her hair over her ears, and her boots corresponded with those found on the deceased. The man and woman left together on Friday morning about 10 o'clock, after taldkg breafast. They brought a papercovered box with them to the house, which the man pre. railed on the woman to leave behind them, and to take the contents in a handkerchief or hawL They took with them a bonnet box, and the woman carried a paaoL There are no directions on the box which was left behind. The womAn stated that she had been married dnce April last, and had been living in service at Clevedon as maid of aIL work; but that her husband had fetched her away from her situation without giving the usual notice, and was going to take herto Iondon, where his mother wag about to place them in a small way of business. She also stated thather mother lived in the Hotwell-road, BristoL A man dresed in a brown coat And bowler hat came in while these parties were at breakfast, and the husband afterwards spoke of going to draw some money from his ship, and coming back to pay for the board and lodging. The two men, however, had some conversation at the door, and without leaving the house the supposed husband paid what was owing, and the p&rties left. ras. Green and the servant both sAw the body of the murdered woman on Monday afternoon, and both speAk positively as to their belief that this is the same woman who lodged at their house on Thursday night. Inquiries are being instituted at Clevedon to ascertain whether any such person has left service under the chrum-. stances stated above, and efforts are also being made to trace out the sailor and the man who called upon him. The post1 mortem examination has3 added little to the facts already ascertained beyond the finding of the bullet, wrhich was a bout t he size of a large pea, and had passed nearly through the head, without, howrever, inflicting any injury on the brain. A plaster e2st has been taken of the head of the decesed in addition to the photograph, but the features had been so altered before these measures were adopted that they are more likely to mislead than to assist in identification. Yesterday morning a party of the Bristol police force commenced a thorough search of Leigh Woods, for the purpose, if possible, of discovering the bonnst and shawl or mantle of the deceased, and also the weapon with which the murder was perpetrated.
FOU EIeOPS LETTER TO THE EDTOR OF TEE T[MFZ,. Ib ebDcWS.:r,-I bo a smal farmer hereabouts, and go to dmuh Sundays, when I can, mernings sncd atcrnoons, andkiesr ma precious things 'sr my good .ad comfort the,-beter thaa aywhre ele that I4row, -Sir. Bot I mulstr syl eut't think -that that long letter was read us yesterday aficr prayern by our parson from the bishop about a 98mon rd a ooleetion next Sunday, -for more mission. aies to IndiF was good at all just now, and so, Sir, rll wnt, thought nieteen out of tweaty of u, tell the trmth on't. What A .plin, plodding, hrmble ,cp the like of me think o't matteruuch, I know tbat; but rve lost a r one myself, Sir, by thoso Windoo'fevils; and just as tbey aesending out-andGod speed thoom !-the -words of justce ad-vengeaOie i one'tandato be talldng of sending se- moro mI;I;onarle La the other do-ceem rather incon. teIFnt4nd ill-timeed,*don't iiknow, -ir^ Our har;t is in, .-ir, d of our'plenty-and God be thaked for,jt-wo4an and will give without grudging, and the missioies all everthe -world have our duo regards, ad MilLgetour mites, but beore we can mi-e them useful iBengal"'l 4bet-there's . little wcrk on hand to do first, isn' thare, -Bfr Till -which Is -done, any more of the gentlemen interfering ,just at present would only be, asihe sayl-is, -Adding fuel -to fire, wculdn't it, -Sir? At Ieartways-o,t seems, Sir, to Yoar-obedient humble4-srvant. A WILT-SIRE FARMER. I --ot. 14.
MIRDER .T WOMIJCK, -9EMONHINE.-A nrader of great atrocity has been committed in the neighbourhood of WsenLok by a.man named Wlliam Davies, who is stated to beabnt3 ycas of ag. His victim k an old woman named Ann Morgan, alwas Evans, wbo carried on the trade of a forstnee-teller,.nd with whom he has lived for the last 12 months .in a cottage, at Westwood-common, about two miles from Weniock, on the Church Shelton-road. On Saturday last Davies went to Wenlock on goane errand, and beiAg avay rather longer than deceased expected she went in search of-him, and they met about 400 yards from the cottage. Aster some little altercatien they boti went into the home to teaaboet4 o`oloo. In a short time alad abont 10 years of age, name 3Johu Rowlandc, a son of deceased's nephew,beart a strange noise in the bouse, and shrrtly afterwardssawDariesemerge from tiecottagecovered with blood. He immediately informod his mother of what he had soen and heard, an alarm was given, and on the neighbours going into the houe thoy fonnd the old woman lying quite dead, with her thrat at in a frightful manner, and six oe seven stabs on her body. The weapon with which tho attack was made was a large clasp knife, which the wretoh had purchased on the previous Tnursday. Information was immediately sent to Police-constable Roberts at W'.lock, who, in company with Police-constable Alder, examined the premises and afterwards started in pursuit of the prisoner, who was captured at 2 o'clock on the following morning in a bay at Mrs. Counds, of the Leaows, Leebotwood, where his father ig employed as a labourer. He vas oonveyed back to Wenlock, and on Monday was taken before Mr. Canlin, a magis. trate, who remanded him to Shrewsbury gaol. The case ill be folly investigated at Wenlock to-day (Wednesday). leoease =was 65 years of age. SuicwE Is mE STnnr.-Yesterday evening an inquiry tookplace before Mr. William Baker, coroner, at the London Hospital, regpecting the death of Captain John Bell, aged 36 who wa found tying dead near St. IPhilip's Church, Whltechapel on Fridar night Wat. There was a double-barrelled pistol near his left shoulder, and a large wound near his left ear, from which blood was oozing copiously. Mlr. Thoma Gilieg, the witness who heard the report of the pistol and went to the amsistance of the deceased, said he nad no doubt that the deceused comrnitted the act himself, and that he had died inst tly. Emma Spencer the laundlady of the house where the 'deceased lodged, in the Ril-end-road, = ated that he was the captain of a merchant vessiel called the Patriot Queen. He had latterly been very i despondiag,and drank spirits to exoess. She believed he took thepistomm aOL^ case which wii his bedroom when ho went outonFrday&ovening. Thedeceasedthenoomplained of pains in his head. He was subject to attacks of brain fever. In tho pock3ts of the deceased wrere a valuable gold watch and chain, LIe, 7d., a penknife, keysA &c. Inspector Griflin who examnined the deceased's room, said no money wasf found there, bot a qanatity of yaluable property, of which he took charge unti ithe relatives of the deceased come forward. The dece-ed, ft appear, was a single man, ad hts frnends livedi at Damfrie; TRhe ,jur~' eturued a verdict
LORD POWIS ON THElFMOVAL OF THE WRL CIRCUIT& The EArl of Powis ha addressed the following letter to B&ddowess Shremosbury Tournal of this day:-- "The report ol the Common LAW Judicial Bniness Conmmrsioerz~a jstbeen publised. ltdoes riot affect the couny o 8al~ mch,but it bids fair to create considerable ndgain in Wale-, as the multiplication ofthe English amiss. Isto be gained at the costof the "T eommrnWoner first oonalderedwhether there should be a general andze for cil udcriminal burneis three times a-yearj, or wrhether tro riite only chould be aranged so as to ulntide the year snore evenly. " Both these propoal wrere rejeceid, and the conmmlorioes, propose to retain the existing system of spring arid aummer eses, wisth c, specialcomnrlujon, where needed, in the winter. " They propoee that additional asizes should be given to Bristol, tat asizes should be held at Manchester as well ag at Liverpool, and that the Northern Circuit should be re-. heved by changing York from that circuit to the Midland. TheJ propose that Scalop and Hereford should be taken from the Oxford Circnit, and added to the NTorth arid South Wales Circuit, the two jude ateding at these towris as they now do ct Chester. ".Next, In order to econonie timne, they propose thatthe Denbigh and lint assies should be amalgamated, and hled alternay at 3bathin and Mold; that AiwjeBe should lose its adssize, and go either to Carnarvon or Bangor. " They add, ' Newtown and Dolgelly have been sggested as the alternate seize towns for Montgomeryshize and Harionethhblre, but, as we are informed there are several projeoted lines of railway in those counties, we think no cha should at present be made?d " In South Wa le they megget that Cardigan and C^rmathen should have alternste anize, and that the ladnor assizer should be transferred to Brecon. "at this it will be men thst thee Jndolal Commissioners are foulowing cloeely in the footsteps of the Eicclesiasteal Commionxers, an Do p e to give increased accommnoation to Iancahireo adYorkshire by taking away existing aIszies from Walde, jUBt as the latter body orginally recommended that the Bees of Bangor and Indaffahov3d be merged i St. Aaph and Bristol, to make room for the evw bishoprics of nchester and Bion " Thus a wt puhtIor. of 97,000, Carmar thenwith 9,000, and Denbigh with 96000 are each to leso one avze, while Hereford with 99,000: Q Wotmoreland with 58,000, retain two. "the glese with 43,00D ana Radnor with 31,0D>, lore their asuzeE altogether; but utland with 24,000 is wt touched. " Montgomery with 77,000 'wilIloes one eventualy, while Westmnoreiand with 58,000 retains two. "Why abr Curdiu, Cemarthen, and Denbigh not to be on an ea,uulity ith lIeref ? Wby ane Montgomery, feronetn, Ent, Augle3eca, end Badnor to reoeivek consideration than Rutl an 2 " 8o much If populatioxFe the guide. Let us now con. aider area "Great stress has of Ite years been laid on bringing justice to every man's door, aid therefore Butland, with an area of 107,000 aces, en s asizes, though its popuation be only 24,000. Co',n4p m637this with Cardign 594,00aces Carmarthen, 497 000- Deunbigh, 374,0 00 montgo.ery, 568,000; Merionekix, Wow0 acres. " Why are 'W els prosecutois, attorneys, and witnesses to be carried fromt home over such an extent of country s Why is Welah;ool to be d&ged to Delgelly, and Aberystwith to Crm; AZtha? Why is Wales to lose its existing rightg I In conclr si, 1t me commend to the attention of my countrymen the felowing queslton put by Lord Campbel to Mr. J uy Colridge, and the answer of that learned I' or u onaware that this Bwa thought of by the co iln f 182, and that the circuits were arrnged by the then 3r. Jfsoe Bosanquet, and that there was such an utory on ihe part of the Welsh gentry that they were foroed ti abondoxi it ? "'.A Ismaarewof that fact.' "W hy mey eot the result be the same now if Welshmen are as -chqinted and as much in earnest as they were in
FBrLLOWBSH.P% TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhMMS. drU,--As- lAipe number among the existing body of Fe'lows,botl at, Oxford and at Cambridge, are naturaly inte'rested:dinfhe removal of retrtions against marriage, I a3arrsts wprisedthat the large majonty of letters which have Appe-rd in Yoor colrumn have advocated the proposed chauge. :h ,rould, however, be a great misfortune if the pubic,*ho aw.e not wellacquainted with University matters, should by this means be led to blieve that among those Iwbo sre 'test. Informed wpon the snbject there is general feelingiDmt the exigting laws. On the contrary, I fully bdlieeve,tha- at all event at Oxford, and speidally among those who hope to obtain Fllowships, this is certainly not the caem. -Men now took ferward to a Fellowship as a prizo fer- fo At yeo of ikord work, as a meas for aidingthem inf'futws 3Jee of exertion, and, above al a a security against<ill. possible aeoidents, a something on which they can aiway s fall back, .and of which they can never be deprived Q;CCpt of tieir own free wUill But if Fellov of CeULEes :-re allowedto rarry,and the tenure of Fellowships is c0e0weTutlY limite, as turst necsarily be the cam, 'this - D dty is at eew edestroyed, and the value of Feluow ships,51n the asimatien of those who ae eeking for them, propcRtitonally diminished. And tls will lead to uother consepienoe AtMll more detzimental to the 7University. The olevesest men will-nodonger consent to devote the best yea of tbeir life to the Wme=s of tuition, when they knorw that in Vev r yers ftime*hey may be turned adrift, withou ny'fauJ It of their own, simply bauwse the time Allotted for ths',einr tre of thelr'Fellowships has expired Even if meana oouldblt devise for -nbling oege oficers to enjoy a long3r t enure, if it -should appear desirable in particular case, tb ds wouldintrodnoe an uertinty which would be vey pr ijudiciaL But t bese mns ere-never likely to be found, for, In the first pla ce, no collge would like, nor would it be desirble, that an r extermdauthosvIty siould-dedde upon these caes and If t he deceion were-lft to the college itself, that ii, to tho ensting body of Fellows, every one knows what the result - ould generally bo. Tutors rho were not efficient, but wh D had no other Treource to turn to, would of course Ondeavt ur to gain permisuon to retlin their Fellowships, Those * rho would-have to -decide would, for the most part, bO pers- nal frieds of ihe applicant; hiey would think it hard to deprive a man of hig only means of support ; anAy of thbm L wonld feel that they might one day possibly need a similar Indulgenee theomelves Thoee, on the other hand, *who w.sre conacl.ntiously opposed to improper conoessios -would feel themselves plaoed in a very iavidious and unplea. -snt pealtion. ThesYstem, if ever tried, would be found to work ill, would be generally oondern3eo, and soon abandoned. And for whose benefit Es a change of such import nceO to be rma 1 We are constantly being told, indeed, of some one or another who has been engaged for 15 or 20 years before i-o could marry; but, in any such ase, one -of two things nusnt e true,-either the person in question *aes so little for the lady to wrhom he is engaged that he will make no great -eertions for her sake; or else his abilities are not sufficient for him to earn a competency witbout 'having recourse to a College living. In neither case need an alteration be made to suit his oonvenience. Nor would the alteration generaly be of any real advantag evon to those who desire it. The Fellow who was engaged at 25 would marry on his Fellowship, with the pleasing belief that in the next ton years something must tumn up, that some benevolent person would leave him money, or some judicious patron, struck with his abilities, promote him to a benefice. Thie ten years would pass away; a family (and young married clergymen always have remArkably large familis) would grow up, the means of support would be lessened at the very moment when increased means were required, and, too often, the result would be that the eirculars of certain societies would oontain some more of thoso distressing notices in which " a clergyman, with 14 children and 801. a-year, appeals to the sympathy of the charitable." It is, indeed, possible that some may wish that, If the tenure of Fellowships is limited, er-Fellows should still retain their right to College livings; but even if, as is very unlikely, such a rule were passed, the consequences would be very ob. jectionable, as the College livings would be obtained by older men even than they are at present. For all these reasons, then, it is right that wo should pause and consider weU before we sweep away a system which is confirmed by the prescription of many generations, and substitute in its plxeo another vhich will lessen the motives for exertion among the undergraduates, will diminish the inducements for clever men to devote themselves to the work of tuition in the University, and will only benefit a rewv mea wrho wish to be relieved from restrictions subject ,e which they accepted their Feulo. bins B. A. c,-pS, 1i.
LORD CEcn DO N-At the last Tauntor County Court the petition. of Lord CecQ Gordon came on for hearlnl before Mr. Charles Saunders, the judge of the Court. i. Sargood appeared for tbe detaining creditors ard Mr. Edlin for the insolvent. Lord CeciQ ames Gordon having been sworn, AIr. Sargood said he appeared ou behalf of 20 tradesmen of Bath, to whom the 2nsolvent was indebted to the amount of upwards of SOOl. These creditors comprised a great varnety of trade6men, includina butcher milliners, drapers, wine-merchants, and many others. Mr Sargood then proceeded to examine the ineolrent, who int the course of hli replies esti.nated the amount of his debs, as enumerated in the schedule, at 2,399. Mr. Sar ood pointe cut several discrpancies in the evidence of Lord rdon, and submitted that therefore the petition meat be dismissed as untrue. His Honour stated his oonviction thrt the o'bjectioni raised by Mr. Sargood struck at the root of the ~roceedings- There was no inteentional falshood, but still Ee felt thaLt the petition was so mni"egt~ utrue that he was hound to dismiss Mt-Dismisped awozA;ng~ T1E CAPE Mi .-SouT A.pTo, Tuesday.- The first mall for the Cape of Good Hlope utnder the new contract with the Union Screw Company, comprizin al 50 ba for Port alCapetown, St. Helenar=,C were conveyed benoe to-y.ayn the steamship Dane, Capt&ah Strutt. She also ta4ies out six passengers, 5,0001. int ejecie, Rd MQ4vrAA vargo,
MUARY AND NAVAL INTR,LI6-JNOA The tollowing offcers have. tohed thefr Efdian dep6ts at Chatham gaison -Capta n -G. Hamilton, I1 R giment, who takes the command o'1 hiis depc)t.; Eni E. Dves, 64th Regiment; and Enaiegn R. Throkmotton, 87th Royal Irish Fusileem AA s tSurgeon 5. E. Clutterbuck, MD., 2d 'Vest India i.t=nent, has &L-o joined the Pro. visional Battalion for *be purpose of doing duty in the gazrison hospit&L 'early 100 recrun:s were approved in the York dietrict drinig last week for Ete vaious zog,tsin India, and upwards of 150 in the liverpool dfitct. These nmbers minht be doubled, et even trebled, if the standard were an Inch lower and am additionaa to:ssty offered, as hundreds of promiung youmg men are every day refused by the retruiting parties Ietween tbeheig6§t of 5ft. 4n. and 6ft. 5in., the latter being at present the ';inimum at which they can be enlited. Major PiponesNo. 1. 'Company of the 12th battalion of Royal Artlory, and a&or'crar&nts Company, No. 7 of the 11th battalien, arrived at Woolwich last night from Ports lmuth. Brigad*Mtor Shais'hwvng returned to Woolwich from eick leave yeaterday euned his duties in the garrison. Her 3Majsty's Iron -steam troopship Vulcan, Commander -John Secemmbe, has proceeded from Portsmouth for Quebec to bring'hrume a-regiment. The dope,ts of the 73d and 77th Regiments arrived in portsnoeth garrison on Monday from Colchester on the way to Jersoy; no tonnage being ready they were placed in barracks, -to a ait the return of the Sylph steamvsseel with two cmpanies of Royal ArtiUery from the Channel Islands for Inldia. The S#;ph a-rived yesterday morning, and after disembwrking the artillery took in the depOts. Captain Delacombe, of the Portsmouth division of Royal Marine Light -Infantry, with three sergeants, four corporals, and one private, has proceeded on the recruiting service to Wolverhampton, Staffordshire. Other recruiting -perties from ths Royal Marine corps of other divisions have also been sent out, from which it is augured that an increase of that force is contemplated. The Royal Sovereign, 131, new screw three-decker at -Portsmouth,Fias had her machinery fitted, and will be ready to get up steoam this day for the first trial of it. The Pceseverauoe steam troopship, Commander M'Donald, is ordered to go into the steam basin at Ports. mouth to ropair her defects. The Termagant, 24, steam frigate) Lieutenant Kane in command, will be paid off at Portsmouth on Saturday next. The Tr;ncomaleo, 24, Captain Wallace Houstoun, which was paid off at Chatham yesterday, has been in commission upwards of five years, haviDg sailed from Plymouth in June, 1852, where sho was commisioned by Captain Houstoun. During the time she was In commission she was attached to the Pacific station, where she was employed cruising. On leaving Plymouth she sailed to the Brazils, and remained some months at Rio de Janeiro, whenceshe proceeded to the Falkclad Islands, Valparatso, and Conception Bay, remaining a short time at each of those places. In the early part of 1854 she proceeded to the Arctic Regions for the purpose of taking succour to the crews of the Arctic discovery vessels engaged in the search after Sir John Franklin and his gallant party. The Trincomalee then penetrated as far as Port Clarence, and, after fulfllng her mission and remaining there two months, she returned to the Sandwich Islands, subseqaently proceeding to Petropaulovski. After cruising in the Pacific antil the month cf June in this year she was ordered home from Rio de Janeiro, having during the time she has been in commission sailed over upwards of 118,000 miles, The crew hav: .seen very healthy during the whole time the Trincomalee has been in commission, only three deaths from sickness having occurred. Oneman, namedWilliam Bennett, was accidentaUy killed by falling from the mizen top, and a seaman named Alexander Macdonald was accidentally drowned, while in a state of intoxication, wheu the vessel was lying at Chatham. On being paid off yesterday afternoon Captain W, Houstoun presented two good conduct silver medals and gratuities which had been awarded bythe L-ords of the Admiralty to two of the crew for meritorious conduct, John Anderson, boatswain's mate, received a medal with a gratuity of 151., and Nathaniel Tucker, captain of the mast, a medal, together with 101.; Christopher Burch, captain of the afterguard, is also to receive a medal and 161. for good and meritorious conduct. The crew were paid off in a most orderly manner. The screw steamship Hydaspes, Captain Brown, lying Off Woolwich Arsenal, was yesterday thoroughly inspected by the commanding officer of the flagship Fisgard, the DeputyStorekeeper of the Royal Arsenal, a medical officer, and others of the Royal Artillery. The Hydaspes, one of the most magnificent and roomy transports hitherto moored off Woolwich, was carefully examined in every department, and, after visiting the troop accommodation, the officers' cabins, amply adapted for their separate use, and the lofty and airy saloon, the offlicials pronounced her to be highly qualified for the service, The order for the embarcation of the troops is still held for 'Thursday. After the inspection of the vessel yesterday the shipment of the field guns and equipage was commenced, and consist of four 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, for the use Of Lieutenant-Colonel Turner's troop of horse, and two complete 9-pounder batteries, together with some 24-pound brass howitzers and the attendant camp and hospital wag. gons, forges, water-carts, &a. The spacious lower hold of the vessel is being filled with a large quantity of supple. mentary stores. The freightship Acasta, in the West India Docks, is chartered by Government to ship ammunition from Woolwich Arsenal for Wellington, New Zealand; the Armistice, to embark military clothing for Cape Town, and the Shannon a similar cargo, from Woolwich, for the Mauritius. The Reliance is likewize taken up for the transport of timber from Woolwvich for St. Helena. The large new tidal basin which is in course of construc. tion at Chatham dockyard being in a very forward state and rapidly approaching completion, soeie idea can now be formed of its great size. It is ^onsiderably larger than any dock at either of the public naval establishments, its extreme length being 400 feet, and width u6 feet. The flooring and sides are composed entirely of huge blocks of granite laid on beds of concrete, piles being driven for securing a foundation. During the progress of the undertaking the works have been considerably retarded by the influx of water from the land springs, which has rendered necessary the employment of two powerful engines, which pump four tuns of water per minute, night and day. The old roof of No.2 dock, on the site of which the present basin is built, has been entirely removed, and the largest fnrt-rate in the service will now be able to enter the new dock all atanding. The Lords of the Admiralty have given orders for another large basin to be constructed at Chatham dockyard, on the site of No. 3 old dock, the works for which are now in progress by Messrs. J. and C. Rigby, the con. tractors. This new basin will be 330 feet in length and 98 feet wide, and will censequently receive the largest class of vessels in the service, which at present cannot be docked at the other dockyards. It will be built entirely of granite, the flooring being laid on beds of concrete of great thickness. The basin being 80ft. longer than the old dock, it will be necessary to remove a portion of the buildings used for keeping the stores. In addition to the above works Messrs. Grissell are. erecting a large iron building, nearly l<Oft. square, at the rear of the millwrights' shop, in which will he erected some new descriptions of zmachinery. The old iron stores are to be removed, and on their site Messrs. Rigby are erecting a large coal store, 130ft in length, and the same in breadth. Frederiek Darley, one of the numerous seamen riggers employed in Woolwich dockyard, and who was engaged with others on Friday last in dismasting Her Majesty's steam sloop Prometheus, met with a frightful accident, which seriously endangers his life. During the progress of the 'work the shlp's maintop-yard gave way, and fell among the group of riggers underneath, crushing poor Darley, whc- en being examired by the medical offlicer of the yard, was found to have sustained a very severe laceration of the scalp and concussion of the brain. He was thereupon conveyed to the Royal Marine Infirmary, where it is said hopes are entertained of his recovery. The ship's company im. mediately volunteered to raise a subscription among themselves for tho benefit of the wife and five children of the injured man. Accordingly, on the 1Prometheus being paid off yesterday morning a comrade rigger was deputed to be present at the Pay-office to receive the donations of the crew. The list was there. upon headed by Commander Hope, who presented 21. This wvas immediately followed up by a donation from each man, varyinig from ls. to l0s., the total amounting to the sum of 131. lOs. 7d., which will doubtless be considerably increased, as the subordinate officers and eogineers expressed their intention of calling and handing in their contributions personally. The Locust, 3 guns, paddlewbeel'steamvessel, Lieutenant Commander John B. Field, left Sheerness yesterday for Devonport. The Cuckoo, 3 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant Commander Augustus G. E. Murray, left Sheerness yesterday for Portsmouth. The Pembroke, 60 guns, screw steamship, Captain John Fraser, saluted the Commander-in-Chief's flag at Sheerness on Sunday last at 6 p m. and left for Leith, there to resume her station for Coastguard duties. The Wellesley, 72 guns, was towed down from her har. bour moorings in the river Mledway yesterday, and has been moored in the stream off Her Majesty's dockyard, ready for being commissioned by Captain Moore. The Wellesley, it is reported, is to be sent to one of the ports in Ireland for the entry and training of coast volunteers. The laety gubpAt h &a beT taken intg t X bsin a t Sheerness, aun4 is undergoing a thorough refit of her hull, to prepare her to be ready for active servioe. The R-,ell, 6o guns, screw steamship, is being brought forward 'for commission in the fitting basin at Sheerness. Captain Desborough's oompany of ArtiUery, with field batte,ty, are daily expected to leave Sheerness garrison, Captain Desborough having received his orders from the Colonel Commanding to proceed to Gravesend for embgcatiou immediately the transport arrives from Liverpool which is destined for India. Captain J. C. Fitzgerald was yesterday appointed superintendent of Sheerness Dockyard, in the room of Captain Tucker, promoted to flag rank. The following appointments have been made at the Admiralty:- Captain W. J. S. PolUen to the Cyclops; Francis H. May, master, to the WeUington; Lieutenwut B. Kelly to the Calcutta; Lieutenant E. H. Wilkinson to the Cyclops; Robert D. R. Farquharson to the Chesapeake; A. J. Fitzgerald, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Cyclops; Richard Parkes, acting assistant-sturgeon, to the Insurance; and David F. Hamilton, clerk, to the Impregnable. THE MILITU. The East Kent Militia, which, as stated in T'he Times of yesterday, will meet for embodiment at Canterbury on the 15th of October, is expected to consist of about 800 men. Theregiment will be commanded by Colonel Brockman. It served 14 mou.ths in the Mediterranean. The adjutants and sergeants of the permanent staff of the artlUery battalon of the Royal Sussex Militia have received instructions to proceed forthwith to raise recruits at Brighton, Uckfield, East Grinstead, Wadhurst, and the neighbouring towns and villages in that division of the county. The Duke of Marlborough, the Lord-Lieutenant. has given notice that all the disembodied militiamen of the county of Oxford, together with the commissioned and noncommissioned officers, are to assemble on Friday next at the Militia Armoury in the city of Oxford, " to the end and intent that the said regiment may, when required, be ready to march to such places within this kingdom as Her Majesty shall appoint." It is intended by the officer commanding the 1st Staffordshire Militia that the adjutant sball pay the bounty for 1857 to aU the men who belonged to the regiment on the 1st of October, 1856. Volunteers are to be received on the 5th of October and following days, when the places of those who take their discharge will be filled up. The South Durham Militia have had orders to awsemble at Barnard Castle in the course of the present month. Sir John Owen, Bart., on the part of the Pembrokeshire Artillery Militia, has informed the Government that the regiment is wiling to be embodied. Lord 1anmure, in acknowledging the offer, does not state whether or not the Government intend to accept it, The Carmarthen Royal Rifles corps was inspected on Monday by Colonel Raymond, the senior officer of the Pembroke garrison. The men had been under training three weeks, and acqffitted themselves very creditably. Earl Cawdor, the Lord-Lieutenant, was present, and addressed the men in encouraging terms. The Carnarvonshire Rifle Corps, about 260 in number, are now undergoing the usual course of 28 days' training, meet. ing daily for exercise in a field near the barracks at Carniarvon. The regiment looks extremely well, and its efficiency on parade and general good conduct have won for it the confidence of the inhabitants.
4 SUGGBSTION. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-Many letters have appeared lately in your columns, and many valuable suggestions have been made on the subject of recruiting our army at this hour of need, when Great Britain may fairly be said to be denuded of troops; and I have heard it stated on good authority that a lieutenant-colonel's commission will be offered to any officer who can raise and bring 1,000 et'ective men to the British army. As a cavalry soldier of some standing I would offer a suggestion, by wbich I feel sure I could not only raise in two or three months a regiment of say 500 ssbres, but, I would add, such a regiment as could not be surpassed, if equa'led, mu any service in the world. The public are perhaps scarcely aware of the number of soldiers who have beenin the constant habit of retiring from the different regiments of the army, eitherbypurchasingtheir dischargeorbydemandingafree dis. charge after 1S years'service. It is well knowsn to every officer commanding a regiment that these are almost invaiably the smartest and best soldiers. In a cavalry regiment formerly under my command the number of men thus annually quitting the ranks was an average of 30 of the best and smartest men. I would propose to readmit these men, or such of them ae would be willing to re-enlist (and, of course, who must all be medicaUy approved), and to form them into a regiment (to be commanded by a smart soldier, in whose handling and practical knowledge they would feel a well grounded confidence), from the age of 35 years to 25; and I would aUow them all to reckon their past service in addition to that to come. Give them a sufficient bounty (a large one would not be required), and give back to those who have purchased a free discharge their purchase money. There are handreds such men-all made soldiers-ready for any service in the world, as soon as equipped and horsed. These men would flock to our standards, and would bo fit to go anywhere and do anything. The objection that I am prepared to meet, and which was formerly made, when it was proposed to the Secretary of War to raise such a corps for service in the East, would bo the expense to the country that would be incurred by thus restoring past services to servants who have quitted our ranks, and with whom we have already cried " quits.", But when our cry is for men, are we to look only to the expense of raising them, and should we underestimate the value of such a body of men as could thus be placed ready made for war in their saddles and drilled to their work in a few weeks? I do not speak doubtingly on this subject ; for as a cavalry man I know the difficulty of bringing a recruit to the state of perfection required for service; but here you would have a regiment at once readY made, and I will undertake myself to get 500 such men, and who, tnder the name of " the Avengers," as I saw lately suggested by one of your correspondents, should give a good account of Sepoy mutineers. I would add that they should be enlisted for short service, reckoning from the day of their re-enlistment, from five to ten years, according to their ago and former service. I am, Sir, your very obedient servant. HUSSAR. I United Service Club, Sept. 15. P.S.-There are spare horses and equiipment at the present moment in England, owing to the number of cavalry regiments that have lately embarked for India, to mount them at once.
ROYAL SURREY GARDENS.-Last evening a meeting of the creditors of the Royal Surrey Gardens Company, convened by the committee of shareholders, was held at 23 Cannon-street, to consider the steps necessary to be taken to protect the mutual interests of the creditors and share. ho1derrs., Mr. Coombes, chairman of thc committee of shareholders, occupied the chair. Mr. Coppock, one of the directors of the company, was present. A statement of the liabilities of the Company, prepared by the committee, showed that the debts of the company amounted to 27,8731. 13s. 6d., and were made up as follows:Mortgage bonds, including 2001. interest, 9,7001., Messrs. Cox, iddulph, and Co., bankers, 1,0001., rent 1811. 9s., taxes, &c., 2051. lFs., salaries, including 1,2501. owing to M. Jnullicn, and also the 5001. dishonoured check, 1,870& 12s. 3d.; money advanced by Messrs. Coppock and Co. since the bankruptcy, 1,0011. l1s. 3d., including 2281. the Seacole fund; general creditors on bills of exchange, 8,2784 3s. l0d,; on ac. counts, 5,6361. 2s. 2d. The chairman said that there were three classes of creditors to deal with-first, the mortgage creditors, to the extent of about 14,5001.; secondly, the general creditors, skhout 12,0001.; a-nd, lastly, the shareholders, about 33,0001.; making together about 60,0001. The creditors comprised two descriptions-those holding bills to the extent of 10,0001., and those who had none, but were owed money for goods they had supplied, On inveStigating the deed of settlement it was found that the directors had no power to give bills in the name of the company, and, consequently, it was believed that they were individually responsible for the 1,0001. so given. If that were so the company would be relieved of a great debt, and then the consideration was what should be done with the remaining creditors ? The plan suggested by the committee was, in the event of their being successful with the bills of exchange, to pay off the other creditors with a composition of 2s. 6d. in the pound, and give them an interest in the gardens to the extent of another 2s. Gd. in the pound, which would give them 5s. in the pound before the shareholders received a farthing. He therefore proposed that the creditors should authorise Mr. Fleming to take counsel's opinion on the liabilities of the directors on the bllls of exchange. A long discussion ensued, in the course of whieh it was elicited that the comn. mittee jof shareholders, which included the chairman, Mr. Staff,Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Spetehley, Mr. Clout, Mr. Swan, and Mr. Fleming, held 55 shares between them. hlr. Coppock, who addressed the meeting, stated that if the creditors and shareholders co-operated with the directors they would all receive 20s. in the pound, and he called upon them not to accept the proposition offered. He was the largest shareholder, and his claim against the company as a creditor was for 7001. moDey lent. He assured the meeting that he would not take a farthtng until the creditors were paid in full. A great many statements and counter-statements were made, but we refrain from giving them now, because a meeting of the shareholders will shortly be called by the directors, whan the directors' answer to the charges that have been made will be laid bCore the meeting and the public. A resolution for taking counsel's opinion on the liability of the directors on the bills of exchange was proposed, and an amendment for the adjournment of the meeting till after the general meeting to be called by the directors; but the meeting broke up Wyithout coming to A decision on either,
COUBT CIBCULARL BALMIORAL, SEPT. 14. Her Majesty tho Queen, the Prinoe Consort, and the Princess Royal attended Divine service at Craithie Church yesterday. In attendance upon Her Majesty were IAdy Churchill, the Hon. Flora Macdonald, Earl Granvi'le, MfsjorGeneral the Hon. C. Grey, and Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps. The service was performed by the Rev. A. Anderson.
ADELPHI THEATRE. The rejuvenescence of lfr. T. P. Cooke is certainly one of the most singular events ever recorded in the history of the stage. When, a few weeks since, he played William in Black7;Byed Susan, " inl remembrance " of the late Mr. Douglas Jerrold, people were indeed astonished, but still the vigour and spirit of his performance might bh attributed to the impulse given by a remarkable occasion. Mr. T. P. Cooke might wake up to pay a tribute of honour to the deceased dramatist withwhom his name was so intimatelyconnected and, the debt of kindliness discharged, might once more drop into repose, lke the elderly gentleman in the French vaudeville, Lc Resmil du Lion. Even when he favoured the Haymarket with two visits of several evenings each, and repeated the character of William, it might still be observed that he did not go beyond the precincts set down fo, him on the "Jorrold night," and certainly the trouble of preparing one character might serve for a dozen perform ances. But now Mr. T. P. Cooke is not content with being a perpetual William,-" Sweet William" though hebe The Pilot is revived, he resumes his other great character of Long Tom Coffin, and plays it fairly through, as well as he ever played it in his life, without omitting a single detal. It should be borne in mind that Long Tom Coffin has a great deal more to do in the melodrama than is awarded to him in the noveL Not only has he to go through an arduous course of fighting, and to undergo aL the mnental horrors consequent upon the supposed wreck of the Ariol, but he has to sing a song, dance a hornpipe, and, in short give every variety of nxautical merriment. Mr. Coopers Long Tom is a sort of maritime stoic; the Long Tom of the stage is everything that a naval hero can be. The remembrance of old times is awakened by the revival of the Pilot. Produced upwards of 30 years ago, when the Adelphi was under the management of Messrs. Terry and Yates, it was a marvel of its day, for we were not then so accustomed as ve are now to see a solid ship floating upon canvas waves; and the managers took care that imposing woodouts of tho "Ariel" should adorn every available waU and inform the public of the prodigy to be seen at the theatre. As a dramatic work the Pilot may still be regarded with wonder. With a plot that does not closely follow the novel, but at the same time in utterly uninteLigible to all who have not read it, the variety of action stiU produces amusement even for those who cannot see what is the ultimate purpose of such ceaseless bustle. We may also admire the patriotism and tender-heartedneos of the author, Mr. Fitzball; the former virtue being dis. played by the transformation of all the Americans of the novel into Englishrmen (and vice versd), so as to keep the interest on the, right side ; the latter being shown in the substitution of an imaginary for a real death in the ease of TomCoffin. Mr. Fitzballknew aBritishpublictoowellto kill a British sailor.
SADLEkS WELLS THEATRE. Last night Mrs. Charles Yocng, a lady entirely new to the London stage, made her first appearance as Julia, in the Hunchback. Of all the female characters in the ordinaryEnglish repertory there is none that affords greater room for display than this favourite creation of Mr. Sheridan Knowles, but on that very account it Is one that renders prognostication respecting thefuture career of an artistpeon. liarly difficult. Several actresses have made it their especial aim to "get up" julia for a first part, and after producing a great effect in it have disappointed tbe public in their subsequent impersonations. With respect to Mrs. Charles Young, her performance last night was so promising that, were it not for the prudential considerations just namned, she might be safely declared a decided acqustion to our histrionic forco. From stage-trick she is thoroughly free, her expression even of the most intense emotions is easy and unexaggerated, and her delivery throughout is unaffectcd and natural. The overwhelming grief of Julia in the latter half of the play is most touchingly and truthfully delineated, but in the force that is required to give some of the grent :points" of the character the young lady is deficient. Th3 deiciency, we should say, is purely physical for a more thorough apprehension of the meaning of the pars, in all the situations belonging to it, could scarcely be desired. Master Walter is played by Mr. Phelps in the best spirit of quiet irony, and the numerougcharacters folly employ the aggregate talent of the very efficient company now engaged at Sadler's Wells. Miss Fitzpatrick has been re-engaged, and plays Helen with all her accustomed vivacity.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-At this moment of fearful suspense it seems to me a duty that no information, either possessing public interest or calculated in any degree to convey hope or consolation to the anxious hearts of those who have relatives or friends in India, should be withheld from the public. I offer, therefore, no apology for requesting the insertion in your columns of the following extract from a letter from a young married lady, now before me, dated Batmandoo (the capitoal of Nepaul), July 8: "We heard througlh 'Jung' the other day that 15 Europeans had escaped into Nepanl from the rebels in Oude, and were then living in a little house called a choukee-i.e., a resting place or station quite in the jungle, and just below a fort belonging to NepauL The officer at this fort immediately wrote to 'Jung' to know what he was to do with them, and 'Jung' sent word he was to treat them with the greatest kindness and courtesy; he has also offered to send them elephants, &c., to take them to the nearest British station, Gorruckpore, 10 days' jonrney from where they are. Katmandoo is 18 days' journey from them, so it is quite impossible for them to think of coming up here. Major Ramsay has sent them a quanrtity of supplies packed in tin, as perhaps, poor things, they may have tostay theresometime. Canyoufancyanythingmore dreadful than the state of these poor creatures flying for their lives, having probably lost everything they possessed, but what they had on their backs, and 10 days' journey from any European. I know al these particulars, because I wrote the letter to them; not my own wording, Major Ramsay gave Harry the substanee of what he wanted written, and then he put it into form, and I wrote it at his dictation; for the Major is now so busy writing public letters and me. moranda, and copies of them, that he is not above accepting a little help from mo occasionally. Another reason that these poor fugitives can't come here is that the Nepaulese will on no account allow any European to come through the Nepaul hills, the way that these people would have to come; but it is just possible that they may ao far forego their objections as to allow the three ladies and five children of the party to come up here, while the gentlemen would be sent to Gorruckpore." After some most interesting private details strikirgly characteristic of the intelligence and spirit of British ladies in India the writer proceeds:- "I am glad to say that while all the rest of India nearly is in a ferment, we up here are quite quiet and safe. The Nepaul Government have sent down 3,000 Ghoorkas to the assistance of Sir H. Lawrence and the British at Luclmowv." It will, of course, be recollected that the Maharajah, Jung Bahadoor, referred to was a few years since in England, where his whole character and conduct acquired for him univereal esteem and adnmiration. He is devotedly attached to the English nation, and the letter from which I have quoted, after giving a most interesting account of the whole ceremonial of the marriage of the heir apparent to the throne of Nepaul, aged nine years, with the youngest daughter of Jung, aged six, to which, by a rare-perhaps unprecedented-exercise of Eastern confidence and courtesy, the writer and another English lady were admitted, goes on then to describe the Maharajah himself:- "Really we could not have been treated in a more gentlemanly or polite way iff we had becn at an English gentleman's house. He is indeed about the mosbt entle. manly man I know-no attempt at inainsating manners or disagreeable flattery, but a complete gentleman in every respect. He told us that as he had been to England he wished us to look upon him as an English gentle. man, &c." Again- " In the large handsome room in which we were received, which was quite English in appearance, the furniture was beautiful-the carpet a very handsorne English one; bat what I most envied was two superb grand pianos, one an Erard, the other a Broadwood." I refer to these particulars, not as directly bearing on the leading object with which I addressed you, but as affording, perhaps, some consolatory proof that amid the almost universal treachery and malevolence by which British India is filled and environed there are still some Asiatic hearts which beat in sympathy for our nation in this supreme moment of national trial. How far the whole statements may be calculated to justify hope with respect to our beleagured countrymen and countrywomen in Oude, or to inspire any general confidence, I must leave to others to determine. I am, Sir, yoox faithful and obedient servant. p, F. YOUNG. O&g id-lodge, iteigpte.
CITY COMArIssrON OF SEWEB& Yesterday a Court was held for the despatch of public busine s; Mr. Deputy Christie presided. SANITARY STATE OF THE cITY. The report of the Medical Officer of Health (Dr. Letheby) had reference to the condition of 114 houEes which had been i'rspected during the week, and It contained a list of 35 places that required the orders of the Commission for their sanitary improvement in various particulars The mortality table for the week indicates a favourable state of the public health, there having been but 61 deaths in the city during the week, of which 23 were among infants. There were but six deaths from diarrhoea, and tbese were among children, showiing a gradual decline of the disease. The Medical Ofiioer's report concludes as follows:- TcoSenaut of No. is, Bow-lane, hu rmade a fcrmal complaint of the npivance caused by the etoring of luciter matcbes In tbe lower put or the ohouEe Ee states that tbe efuav*i aa rlug from bhe rnatobes are so offensive as torender the occipation of the homte unb-eable. pa r- tIcularly in the evening, adIn dand p weatber. bae dtlled the pre mires and hive carefully inqlurel luto thb m%tter The facts wbich I bsveto submit to you re these:-Wes-mrs. Bell ind Black, who are large dealets in lucfer-matebes, o-cuap the basement and cmnud floor nf the premisees. snd the complainant, who Is their tenant, lies in thi upper pat of the bouse. At thetime of mDy visit there was coniaderably mrere than a ton of lucifere in the rooms occupitd by Messr Belt and Bl3ack, and the odour of pbohpherus was certainly very powerful tbrohughut the homse. To guard srgnatp daugtr from lire, 0oe of tbe rooms bhad been made firelproof. but It did not contain above haLlf of thi ktock. When. therefore, I reprisented to .Memss. Bell and Back tbe Carger both to bealth and property trom tcee a large stock ot phes. I boric matter they At oace consented t remove the greater part of it, b nd to keep for the future only a few cses in their liresroof room . 5, Eto met tbe demnsrdsothbeiroonotertrele. This arrangement will oawauy with the mooeseity for interfererce nn yourpurt It is rht, however, that It should be known that the fumes of pheephorms rs denextrus nuisance. For more than 20 ye3rs-in fact, ever since jnctier matches have come Into use-the observations ot pebyacisne to hbi, country saci on tcs continent have eastablshed the fact that the fumes of phosphorus wheu contirnously Inbaled, even If they are largely dilutea with atmospheric air, will produce dtelaie Of a f,ightful cbaracter. It irs eiled the lucifet dlseace' because it Is developeo in the factory and wareroom of the lucifer. maker. Sometimes it sbows Itself merely in a sflghtderangement of the digestive system, aud at other tImes it WlUI be mamtfteted a a tlow fever. or m a terrible affection ot the jaw, kiting the bene and at last vearing out tbe life of the rufferer by a lirrgerig heci.e So certain, and withal Po InsIdlous, are the slaoous effects of thesevapours that awl who Inhale tbem a re Tnj3red br thttm I It mawy be soon or it may ba after ,ears of exposure. There can be no doubt, therefore, that the storing of lucifers in an Inhabited bouse is a dangerous noisape-drngerous to health and dantermus to preperty. Apat, however, from the medical e musideration of this questlon, It hu been ettsblisbed In a court of law that .te storing of large quantities of lutifera In a nuisauce Three yearsago the city authorities prosecuted twocs.ee at the Central Criminal CoUrt,-nainely, the case of 'The Queen asinst Del' nd The Queen,. luseber in both of which the chargo ws eforo ommittiur a nulsance by stom ligrge quantities of lucifer aulatme3 inan improper manier. and the verdict I eaeh ease for the Queen was decisie}. I hve aliudeato these facts tn order that It may b;esown thtyoubhave ample power to oal with such a dangerous nuisance, and that tis itcumbent on all who trade In such things to use the utmost precantione in the menagemDent of their buadnest" Mr. TAYLOR said, the report was a very able one and could not be made too public. (Hear, bear.) The report was then referrsd to the General Purposes Conmnittee, and the Court adjourned.
iNnHO6iOMR COTTA GE& TO THE EDITOR O)F THE TIMES. Slr,-The man who builds a house and does not provide for its sufficient deainrge and ventilation entails the generation and propagation of many diseases, and more especially of fever, on children yet unborn. I am aware that considerable attention has been directed of late to these matters in oar towns and cities, but I want b plan devised for every house to be built in future, however rural and solitary may be its site. In my immediate neighbourhood two cottages have been lately bult-of stone walls and slated roofs-each comprising a bedehamber upstairs and a little kitchen and a smaUer back kitchen downstairs. The houses are neat, and, being new, have a cleanly appearance, and the unprofessional observer might merely think that the little nook of ground where once a dungheap stood had been pat to a better use at last; but on looking more closely he will find that the water which comes down from the precipitous ground behind the houses must be " ooled" at the back doors behind them, and, of course, will shortly bcome fouL On entering one of the houses, new though it is, he will perceive the frequent, indescribable smeU of the poor man's house, and especially of his hack kitchen, in which are the stairs by which he ascends to his bedroom. On going up-stairs he may observe the beds to be tolerably clean; the floor looking well, for it is new; but, alas ! there is no chimney in a room which does not afford even 100 cubic feet for each of a family consisting of two adults and five children. Now, let Paterfamilias get sick-let corn be dear-let winter come-let the wife be a slut-let the sole window face the east-let the elder children come home from their work in wet clothes, to be laid at night in the only bedroom-let all stew together the long night-" father is sick and cannot.bar the window open," and there is no chiuaney-muSt not the air become contaminated, and must not the poor woman send for the doctor ? The now workhouse has probably taught him what real ventilation can do, but what can he do here? The window, opened a few inches while he is present, wiUl be cloeed the moment he disappears; aud he looks about for a chimney, and there is none. The beet thing he could do would be to push his walkiug-stick through a pane or two of glass, butit would look unkind to do so, and " mother" would surely stuff them with old rags, for " father cannot bear the cold. " How have you no chimney?7" he asks the owner. "Because, though I agreed for it with the tradesman, I suppose he forgot to put it in." So little importance is attached to that great blessing, pure air. Under such circumstances the writer of this note has sometimes had a hole struck through the roof-the best place for a ventilator-but one cannot succeed in carrying so strong a measure until a life or two have been lost. Now, we all know the improvements which have taken place in the matter of air aboard emigrant ships. Authoity has decreed for their inmates fresh air; let us trust b that ere long no parsimonious wretch wiU be allowed to erect unwholesome cottages whose air shall decimate the poor man's family, and whose effects shall not stay its course at the rich man's threabhold. I would humbly propose that in fature the plans of every house, whether for gentle or simple, about to be built should be submitted to the inspection of the registrar of the district, and that he should be empowered to call in some competent builder or architect to assist in the inspection at the buder's expen,se;* that so every precaution may be taken against the generation and propagation of disease, The more simple the agency the more effective. - -. ~~I am, Sir, your obedient servant. a. x.. c. S. oep;. Ji. tAdvertisement.-The Authorof "It Is Never Too Late to Alend."-A new work by thts popular author. inder the title of ' Tbe Couiee of Trua Lovo never dtd Run Smooth." Is annunnced to he p1blisboab hy hM. Bentleyi of New Burlington-tret, in his highty popular neW aerlof ottwo-Rh en pablicaden. This spirited proceed. Ingwil atonc plce he ew ookof hiecertainly meet poDulay of at OnCe apeceling to tbe great bodty of the public with~ newC bookc by ro rea ^writer w«ill meet wvith most estraotluazy settew, hlicbar4
SALES I,Y AUCTION. CoiTrDat M'Anufaet"ring Pei"lr."n -rcted for Saw MiltlU.-18, Albany. 1wud, Cmub- rwril, RSNEcII. FULLER~ aiid T.ORSEY Are Instracted TV i by the 4, icaccto,r to, .ilLL by Auurl'TONv, THIIS DAY, SayltmbgRIE 16 'I ., tlu.e ia, i lahte. the LEASEf of the co.e. sstPR 3IS2, erected fur a law will, booi suitable for ant i,alua reanlcrtozurie o.' Tjjky -'ii,rhe a newly erected minl. iagee Yerd, wild,gateneJ e,.tmrocut.o,; oluc ortmMe family dwelIohg.hrno,, 'with getrann ; hl- wl tui -ti 1~y-i ,t £36 per annum. To he viewed till the eale. Petr-tieWara miay be had 00i the prerami e; and of MI-mm. fulle.rwed Idorey. 10,1l-t-r4treet E.C ESl~.r LLER ad H1 (IRSEY are instructed to, FY!14. by AtIlTI N, i.. tt'r Premiaes, No. 28, Albany-rsad, THIS DAY. Supt,ielsr il. -t'l la I Inta. with ut resetrve. the M%AOIaINERyIf the SAW' ned 5MOILDLNG MILLS, strong deal trmoe, anfew wool oc iuachIv,o two circlar saw benches, high pr,etsure 8teom e 'eblo of 10 hor,iatoswer, new Coirnish boiler by Hlodgo, shafting, drumst, sirac-. swra, buuldntaR implm xents and effects : aleo the genteel houkihold funst.etior the ua aldeocription, eutttegepiano. forte, chiamey-gas=, sets oroi,hoitasy rhuirs.asideboard, chamibtrfnr. "Iace &c. To vie oiwed o 010 cede previona to the eale, whlen oats-- logues1 maly be had ; onl the prealseer ; and of hitecrt. Follet and Hor- seZBIlIter-treet, P.C. N,o.1 ; rcnetst t-and. ESS3.S. RL%Ubh WVO RiTH and JARVIS will SELL, JAby AUCTIIN. on lb. Vrsolie, ibN, WdnjeFday, Sept. 23. at 12, the neefa,l inodlern FPUfNIl ticE wamt,ri-oio the oustoraarv hl~ rom eqitios wc,icll, g c oi.liuca-y Ar.r lan and japanned French bedsteads i.d helldlnig, a -- ano il.wlnr.rcom utute, with cuirtAdili In green and drab merit o ilawiuk, nie-hoganyditialroo.em aplpendaglen, Bruesrls, calrt,,u,. fl-n ntlot5,. ,wl atir carpeting, kitchen requleite3, chin,. g1sam, ond other utlole e!--cti. To ho viewed the dasylprevIous, and c.aaloguepr hai oni tile I-ilietnjC3 anid at thecIe, offeg Isteser Itushborth anld Jarvis, hatidle-row, Regent-street, and 19, C1hangealley, Conihlull Moderu Focntuat-. I.r.s lec.-e nod1Z blaopaiy Jew~eller's 8-c,,. cowes. COnitere aoI id ter 'ixtlltes, liey llttlegs. Turnip Cotter. Oat aL6 Beamsn I z,uibgs .\lilU. 6t,n), of Chloe audGlans, and Effects. lIIt. ROBERT kEJl) will SELL, at his Room4i, Al :rsat ylrl.ro0,srnt Moinday. Sept. 21, at 10 for 11. m',ldern FURNITVICtE e.line I.. Card, dining, andother tables, sideboard,Ix.kcoleneee, Cl-tn of claire aiud coucee, llrusselB and othlir ca,rett. ellsryeee .sahi-raly foiir-1,nt antI japanred French bedstecads. l,odilinr, 0etl-tcf l4r-w-ro. and( the usual appendages of the Ied chamber. The stick of china and glass comprizes hanilcome, cdInner. dt-ssert, an('. tea nt-nicea, li,lllt fittIngs, 20 dozen out wlnen. 12 dozen ttimt-l,,s, ie,swrt diii-nee l,reisi rteni, he. May be viewed on 1-attiriay. au.,1 C ataogues ha"I. -Thce Lan-hold I-Mates I Win. Sbepherd. En,1..deeeaeed. ~R.ROBERT REID) mill SELL, at Garraw 'a8, M(l'oyr.ler ofthe Eoe'nl-,,or on Fil,Iay. lctcber9, at 2T2 oI prectrely, iniS lote. aLEASt. hOjLl E-1iTATE;Icein,prislng27 housesEitul,ts and beft-c Not. i,,to 9i ieelousi,-e. Behworth-etreet Noe, 5, 6, 7. and 12, Unlor-at,i-i-t; e- N,,s. 2i to 31 isosuelve, ieeodaro Lluraoi-Frose; Nt-s. 48 aeel 4li, P'crk-itrtst anid No, 12 and 13, Nnwsit-net-news. Di, ratl-sct,,,: mo.d Non SaLd II, William-street : 21oa. S. 0. 10, 11. aoel 12. He-Ie.r-trneet an,.i 2i, . 3 4. 5, Ii, aisd 7. Oharloilore, li,rtland,sOWn ;lIt at rct-ti airinmtlug to bIl4 per arnum and held fi,r ,lucr1Adr tl rw,; ef fries 42 t.. fif years, at ground rents;: alsn wril-,eci-te tronnd Irelte, etco ts-t £e7 IN, per annuim, azrising otxT of 17 private rwesiicnaan,e shirt-c, tuateNos 5 to2l bothInclusIve, 1Meury-utreet eus.t liin-Iit-!hll from, the Duzke of Portland. for13 years uaexpIred, at a repI-eri,lrn. The houses may be viewed by pern,l&,lon of the rtrrectiso teilaLta. P'artictulrs many he had of Mlr. W. U Irp6tone. nlilcitor, ii, litAuld-strett. LfEgon-grove : of Mr. 14red,,Ack Sliephord. 32. I7pI,,r Yetrk-stret. Portinan-3cluaro; of Wmn. Maclareu. Erq., 15. Moret-un-terrace. Kfentlch-towo;" at GJarrawap's;. and of Mr. Rii:,ent Reid. 481. fro,,t 1srlhofoug-etreet. ZN,,1u-n 14luey -IM1oAwi_tr_eeholT1d Esta te.~ ESS S. ;A' LE 'au ~81Nbeg to announce that J.V neveral of the LO rS were Nutr OLD at the Auction lield on Thur"=y the 3d Wiia. and are now ~ intructed to treat for lotn 1, 2, 3, 1, 5 ad 10, by PrvaLte Ciectrao-, aid to avoid the delay and ehilen3e of a aecesid auction, t. riceept any oi-eerate,,dfer for the whole. In one or msire lota.-42, Woo,.l.a?reet, illb 6,olt, 1057. No tnVew.- Viileable Effect,,, No2, D vr.&CetilJm,lP DI . LG(OOD willSE L T;-raorrow and Friday MVi. neXt, a' I1 for 12 pretisey (th.. reidenoe havIng been disposed of). the handesome and (-n.;eelnt i, U RNITURE of the usital descrIpzion, end a variety of elegant Pi,rtnmu ea!inets, taslee, AC., In roaewlodl. bushil. maritneterle, Io ., ma-Ite cItetck s.d candjelabra, 500 vole. of booke. a rair of flee. ol1,e iw aud Ilns netlilgs of the Dureeldorf gallery, and 20 prioaL amid tileture-, a g01. snuff-box mouonted with bnillisinta, aiid baudrome jewel cry, 1311 oz.. of pl,ate, lechldling so elegant deizert Pet fnom Store anl Melrtiint-'s, ratitdi plated articles, elegant onu.~ mnentill iUto.inaI bhna, bru-se, -e. ....ilolii&O., led atid table linen, hand. rome rerviecaof c:,l,la 1A51lazsiailec,:llanhes, dcmeclic requisites,and variotis effects. Mlay be vi,,w-I two days prior, and cataleguec hadi of 2Mr. Elgc,l. hO8. Wtmuip, 1."etre Ellaablsprse`holof alej liaeh fne-leuts, hlortlese,Cntre, Peechain. Ralrtleg, olId Kent-road,L ESRS ROOKS rind BEAL are Instructed to M EL y A17TI`IN,Y at liaraw.ssa. Change.alley, Ccrnhilll on bopt. 20. at 1, In iota. TWO FfPtE11({i)D ftoUSEh, sltliate Non, 3land 4, Lonclrog-tersac-, slortlki,~, pol-lclnyF £`4 per aminium ;eatr Free. holdI Ifoilec, situate N. a. 3 4. S. anti 0. Albert-plates, ttatobam.road. O1ld Kent-ruil- unew let t.i wteely ternAils ;Twii Leasehold Hoiuseg. 1 nod 2. 8ylvan Cnttanai.. St. Jaul,,s'sareet, Old Kent-road. prodlicing LIS a year each ;'i-it ix-rooamed Leasehold R,niueis, being 15,16,17, 18, 19i. and 20, Norf,lk-. treet, -Nluntielle-n,ael, Rye-lane, l?eekham, held for losr. unespired terms. and let to weekly tenutla: a LeaEeholdi ProDOry,~ui I. Tl.r lt.Coos-'s ilce.AltaY-roil, ICamberwell. produrng 20 ir bc-mnial., ie .01-bult ndlone Leaeosoliold, being Nm.1, . , 4 6,II 7.8. . nd 0, laa Ottces, Clayton-road, Feel:. ham,peonein Lis pe anum aa, 1cs.25.26,27, 28, and 29, frePlotof I'reiholl Suldlic hal, t Ba log Parle rarsmay he had, and roprtysee by ermecin o thetennts oftheauctioneera. 203, T'o Draptrs f:,ler.B.ers.adHaedhr. ROWEandSON illSELL by AUCTION, at theI Riois 28 F. e.eres, cty.on W'edileoday, the 23.2, the STOOK of Mr. Marhl, atere,Walworth, and the Stork of M1r. Somrervillle. D-pf .cotir c Or he Foli,wroo. ro,, I-th:-ia oo~j ,f Tsm r nk 51 ESSE S. C'RAWTERFP will SELL by AUCTIO'N, jj t the R-aes and C'P-<sn BHelel. inhbidige. On Tresade, October 5, at 2. in .Oe or wore Iis di-irable PICKEEPIOLD ESTATE, com.' trIinj.g fertile hbi;i ecilyerns at-i'. rich meadow Lind, with collage nod b-i. ago miintaiOlngcluet c"ix srerO. n,igil1lysituate. Pomeveaing exttz,sic- finae tn thu. llali!iiw.roadl rend-r It available for bnilding put-. Pcute, au-,11 beilsg si.. icar ii, the teaw,. aijj always let F13arcolmniodatioo land. May he oiewi-1. end nasticilar. can be had 18 days before ttuo Pale of Mletrs. Carnt-Il.i, Glaiet. haid. `amrer. solicitror. Tunbrlde I aud ol Measre. Crauatv,-r, md s-Rni,le, elUVeynra C., 8, Bedford.ro0w, G-haveinn, sort Coibah,.. i,ori-y. ,hcselnntFuiitoe. -'niiti.g. Oililsd, latleiand Plat_ed Art`lcos, a Wustly Itegulator (:li,ei. Oicr--(rioi,llIsi,Dresden and Stisres Astic1os, ctoico Aate Cx.p tvid neater, Alaltnluter 'laces and She-Ice 0Owiobile.aiI tSi,i,n, I-i, Relzcinirsy,anid ffete,% M ESSES. OQR and TEMPLE are directedl by the the T:riueeea if is ln,~ loceatciqi, to SELL by AUCTRION, no to1'ren.lseti,NosaruiM ('Iittare. Tis',oln, nlose to the Red Cow Taverin, on Wedne (day, F,-1-t ii,-r 23. aM 12, capital SpalanIh mahogjny anIl modem veliit.lr,s utiuwlturne in bel.citeaile an'd hangbings,feither 1-1,lu nod xedaing. aciiirolauit,, Chl-is an f drawers, loohcapio, sofa and easy. chair, anid boil ri-lu ini,piindages lt-jtgait Irawlee rconc lilt,3 in walnslt,tree ad cinch Itincht velvet iii id,,e,,ard oheffonler, two easy an,. eight other cialis. lo a Bill aurd tde.ohimnueyclanpres and ouirtalus, 84.,-tivo ciilsagsc I'lacoforte. rut-5Iriar Brsiisele Carpete, China and glams, luitre,-', dilt,Ir a Ii dEaset sc-i. nurnilimrone Items of use, tatle, calul 'ruarlelrt.View li tPon Fn *id morning of sale. Octa102,1,-s on tIlO Tre'1--iisa.1m.l of Mcisuir. Mor,and Templle, auctioneers, 4. bloiuii eld.rteit -city.- _ _ __ _ _ _ Fturniture, about10 -r::. siurer.-1latt,*l(bood, Wine. ULhn, n aIntings, rie,lOt-el,,,, so Fift-'i. ~N ESSISS. CIIALILTON are favoured with instruc. ..1 tion ft-os, tIll, Fsicleulrx if li's ate Propistetorto SELL by AUCTION, en the Imrci. a i-,iu, Sptember 17, at 11 fcr 12, the whole of the nunuinro FURNtITITRIZ. compinyrilg handsomle Inahb Ranly dinInug, Iso, e rdl, ai d (-:e-,lo:al I les, chair, coucheo, mantelVaKC9nresmndrnailieut1v earil llal.of it.-. btoiied and steel fenders ru l l idrwhleter iund sta1 itr cci-Is. ehefliuler,tlideboard hatul. sonme dioner. desEert in. ta,wlil breabrfit let-ices, table linen' da,sks anud ofelto Mintes, t'i.usu-l fl,iut.ni.ii tti.g.ne to eix bed rotims, Includfigbhandenmoc calcrvidmahlogany vwardrotcwith spiral columno ,and Plate-glansados-c, chenst of draw~sern, to,,nd ti,e tltcben and culiliary utlemils. Tob ise!tedytiuiluadmrIng Of sale, and ccli-. lognes bed on the l-r-t-uils u of Mts-srq:(-na7harWt0ns`, atlonee0r3andl our, Veyc-ro,Ttlabridge ; at 18. Dlute-streeit, 3iaochestot--squane ; or a-t the Auction Marl, oily. to l nChULcery- Ilave e,lo,ou,-id Davey .Hrio Coin, eral-road Cant eel Whtjae -Ei Lbeasehold Esnotea, for instmtnent cr necn,i.vt1l,utPruidiclug reiulalg of £120 per annumn. 1OFNIIIHIN D is ii,strtucted to) SELL by AUCTION, J on Thu-ol1-, 1t z I L.-Ist. it O12 -dnk at Ga-raway's, CornhilL city, In ft-Ir-lola dieniroble LIIABIrMiltII,iJPOPERIETS. sItuate a foll,uw:-Tw-i capitil eeiton- it,itsA Nos. 31and 32. Colet-pi-'C3 Coinmnerciai-roadedat, let lotietly or lOn - a' £67 per anninim, groaui rent 3 teach, term 40 yearnt:hOes- dwel-ln.luhoiusecs situate Nos 27, 211 anid 120, jyper Kiing-r-aret. (tiisllerdiN-nfs.ea let at rents amouatlug nto £24 per onniles ternii) visir-.eeoi,,ud rent £13 ; abrlslk-buit ihep and w,Wdselliiig.beic *d"ij -ir til,-sitea ~N,-ia. Ianid 2, lloulston.,rgept, hiefthat;el let at£25 ls per~ rwetsulrn, terin as years, around rent £4. Mlay be viewed till the ro,les and p,,rtcleoInr had on the prerals's - at GarrAW,sy'i of snat ,es. , 'l,rr, tote, i,i'cwnton. and Morris, 2lIoorgate. etreet-Chambersa and 'Wrlirloe-r,i1ire: f MIr. J. S. Wheatley, 7, Sy. mond'a.lnn, Chaucerv.Iei; at-it vt the auctlongeces offices, 12. Cannon. jtretrod.eoim .c al roaai no,,,. Ilorcy-thanin. ly r C.t CT at th1o r-ownI. lhis Wa~lam, ant, ci 5utnITCa. i.I, ple-rm,hor26. at 2 for 31in tho af -tr. Door ilniess lrvovsr,ea edst-c~.dws,Ioiy ip'vate Contrail, LL that very vAUFtAL]e and conipact Estate, sjituate Ill,the Patit-h Of Denney, fianlet~:c-Imi TiOng a BubstantIal a d nioudrn built Couintry eilsC calleed Ilurley-lodre,, with the lawn, Bihnimbbericn. gaidenst. culsh-liiiae.e it il,:P, and all oth wl.loth d aug ad Lowe Fas . tofre Viiinoin hOneseteDsilscalled Middle asri LieserFree , andt12( hi--sr noIttcesslid garden,l. The entire esIaie rumpiweabot 1-2 acresou arabile, wuldow. and coppIce lan,I of luieyrior qutality. it 11.0 .nII t-.nc-r s i na asy dtan ofte Botley and Biiboyotce CStahjint-r oiilit-: South.West..m Railway, and onIr steveunflsolIrs m the los-n Of 9outlesespton and to a gentlman1 reeeking a ouuntry reni'lerm Ce triTsat p,ur with. The properlyjisons ed1. Is, eprtibnlt ot oftlen to he rmet 'WalhELm a e.n~Whih naId t itheritation of the manor of Blahopis Walihm. a ronicahie y r Jarle ,nidwert,nearlyexaifntqt, tonfreehold. IP5rtislilan wandoaff ' of Ble Wthtla,Iftnot quite plans may be obtabrenlod1 codt,,a sl, ihltorpI 'Lion to Mr. Rf.IH. Net-es, Iis-d P viutl. to the day of saile , on appilea- Ilunen soicior,Illhups Wlt l.Droxford. ISant,3; lrr.C J ____U_____r _ himl0r l`h-' 41br or to the autloneer there Brightoil. -F"reehold Mous"e andWokhp R.ABSALOMN DELL is honLoured with in'tt-notion. frim the Kne-stu1onader a Power of Sale, P SELL by pubile AUCTIONq, at theoicim ai'd Queen ERotel. 73lOrhto.n Tomnorsow. Sent. 17, at 3 ftir lie-un-t 3, a-lbstantlaillybhtilt FRPPIlilifiItIrE.asiba cl.ilWi-kinhopI n the rear, situate and beIg N. 2, Srooh-sitcet, Weol!-r-romill Brighton. There In a modstyIn ho orieraeeo f ohm rOt-i, which chiormis,and it Is well lenan tat he tde f pblic farmiur it riuunilne westwari. The silver hr.mmr. pesentd ches euctliieeer, will Ile used for the firt timne on thisOccsio; My neci-n ttnd its rice and IAS falL. Spero. pAy. tienars nd ondlios et ab aybe lbtalneel of (G. P. Hill, Req soliitor 2, avilon.yrwle sod 01l-satloni Dell, auctioneer, houia Illoggtrhauger-"nmwt,,Bl-I,. nituioe blat-ee the Sandly Station of iho L,reat Northern, iand the Bridfo,id Sl.tt;ae of tOe Nort-UsWestonm and the bildlarni Leicestter Liuen..-Vrinehle Household Fuirnltisro, Plate. Platesd(Geods.' n"ital l,---rsry, rn,ali collar of ereellent WVine, Omnibus, light aprin,g Cort, I'lsoats n,d (arden Utenails. Timber to yard. ho Al1.W T4FC1Dba in ticiosto SELL the dayplemterb 26,4c-insiss f5Ittvluwble 1-tit Iswad ofo th ,800is ounce,). .&IOth cpIal plte rteln ndsmllcelr f Ins, an col. chins. Fourth dat's tale. t-slomidsv. ulialiLtraher 28 hold orniisreor hil..ili.. ~ ~ - ~le vateabe tcous. hinates ime, ~ t-~ "~". ~ W nc ad dii-us "On's It-octnservcesl and glss Fitbs' -oe Tedn.epel r 311 IlcFtrlei the dayand nIght nrserv %-p4 theprincIPal chamnborp. itcinling al-3'Ove2O feather blabnketu FTixtb day's sale thernnsijtcb-y i-ic~, St-ti coplur andPewter ntensihs, celiara, larer,hon.ueeepe's l-itlr'ntiiies sevats'ht.th md The Tw-ford Edtate, lacortbaWfunfter,cetknd Bishopotoke Stations Myt' oft jESSRS. DA-NIEL SIbIT'R ~SON, and OAKLEY have received instrlirtloui, to O&fr (or SALE, i-thtb Austin, MT near the Bauk of vEnUlted' mln Tuesday, the Gth day Of Otbohr lIfe7. rA 12 o'clock, thin Otiblq. Il7EtElconD PROPERTY, in tile tloUowingloin :-Lot 1. The 10s.esraion caSed Shawslord Hoone, eltuage Intheparishof Tivyfort'. wvd within toeer trlles of the Wincheslrar Station. in a heautifolly hica.,eed nask. contaiuing, in a rn fence, lila. 3r. 25Sp. of ur vatinable souind mneadow land, &o.Te hunca in wall1 adapWed for tho full reqjulrementz of a moderate.ein,ed famlly, aud ban been fry mhoy yearn, end in now occupled by Ganrni.r Fredltrick. but posnsentoin miay be had in June, 1I5. The eituation of 'tie property, with ricard to railway comnrunicatiou, good aocleoy, and a bhItalty district, nemy be considered flint-rate. Lot;2. T-.e Idatar Farm. comPresiug z; -ry euperior substantlally-built farm regi. te.uce. mrat vriwib v son. deiightteuty aiteiate, end well adapted, after a moderate Outlay-. to lKeoree the lesldentae of the proprietor of the estate; r ogeth.r with GUs. 3r. ip. of freehold arable, meadow, ware, ingeasdo, au-I st iros he whole lying well together. nod havizs thereon tw. farm, ho', estenlls, w,tl s!tuate- for the econaomical ch vation oft,hltieLrd. T1.n lot wi-h the exceptionnof abouittwoacreanin :ke parish of Otter!>irus,' la it. the' la-rish oft Twyford, and !q in an excelient. i,nae of n.stivation. The whole ot1 th arable laudsa Are .l,ipt,d fir en,ep farming, and a coo.' -5:d(mleah portion cr tbeur are of first-rate quality. Too wate medow enete .1'Siard of70 nat-ea, and their quality will be clearly dencribed C-y t0 a, act, that torey Are cltuate In the parieh of Tw;focrd. Th,e wocd-, abe'it 135 acrra, forming Twpford.park, ar well coopted for t.-le growt Ih of lhop ptles and timber. Ponnee-sio'nsof n.,e whole of thii lot muay be hiad at N'hjilrhoahna 1855. Lot 3. T'ire liencting Farnt, sitear ia the pellehes of Twyford and Owalubury, and co.tai.o, lags; ir. 3ip, of erabieoad latsture-land,with good farm hotnestead, f,runbou-e. and prr takes, ard four clttAgen. This lot I- freehold, with the exception of a. r. p., which are copyhold of tnra manor of Mlirweell, at , iavr, been arranged to he enfranchised for £ ; thin e8n]. asith the linen ard feR~a to be paid by the vendor-s Thei cottages are let ly7 leon up)on liven, anid the reversion to them %v,Ilbe includedIn th, lot. Ta- vrho!e forms a mont desirable fante. annI rceesaioo of it na~y Ite had at Ntichattela., 1558. Lot 4 ooun,its ..f 9BC2e. Ir. 31i. of aratble, ima-tue.e -end wood laid. ly,ing extremely we1, tegettner, in the pact-i, of 0wclrlbu'p, connistiog of Maxwell Olan'r, pars, Buirnt, arid Le.sf,e Fainare with a very large and excellent fieb. ponid. ThIs property Inwelladsptrelfor the erection of areldetce fo,r the poprietor-. Andt vartlcul.y'y for one fond of field sports, an b olad general citaracler of thiie ptate are of that nxtune which wilU escere to the purchaser a fall recompense for hi,, oiutlay. It in wvithin foui mlUes of the Blshope,toke elation, Iand ,ix of the WIchtenzer ; and is leirtly occupied by yea'ls tenants and Dartly let on leo,,e. Tc.e whole In freehold, and wellviorrily thsr ittesttion of cali tnlists desiring agrrlculirel investmenta with or witht,utrsldcoee Foil particu,lars will shortly be pub-, Lished, and mlay i's lit- of Clsy.Bray, Wa-ren, anti lhardIng. 5I, Great Iesnell-street, Ii -om,,bury; ilene Bennett, Field, and Dn,s Eon, Llnnelng-timn MeR-ihIlke. Tylee. and Tylee, 14, Euaxe'-stret, Strand ; .Tanen Wictens, it, , OhaLdon-esreet, Cavendudiesh-uarc Menrsr. Lemaen anrd Co.. 51. Llseolus.'-itn fields ;NMeest-..ecU, Steward, and Lloyd, 49. Lutcolni's-lani-tirlde*; Me-tms. Sischoff. Coxe. and &Lo.. pan, IS. Coluwan-etreet, city ; Me-irn. Woodhan, s,tolicitors, Winchin~ter: and of Meant-. Daniel hiniith. lion, and Oakley, land agenta, 19, Waterloo-place. I'n2'-rcall Losiden. Mtanorsaof Tw),i,rd aci I Ow8letir,na icetr 1fESSRS. D)ANIEL SMITH,SN and OAKLEY M beg to litfors tbe public tsar tle UdEi these MA-NOI2S a pr-'sfqtletI WITtIHHELDl-10, Wat.rioo-plc.___________ To etra. ea-h iseo the pariahb of Twy ford, i tiecunyo ESSES. ~Southamnpton. ESR.DANTIEL SMlITH, SON, and OAKLEY ,LJ will otrer for, SALk-. at the Auction Malrt, near the Bs,,k ,if rLgledd. on Terrets,, the teb day of Octo)ber next, the RE0TORIAL RE.4T-CI1i.RGE of the pariah of TXVYFORD, amounTtirg, In grosw, to, the~ rin, of £700 Si. lll, per annum; aIao thie Pnsnonage-house, n,d MJeadlo-. Thin property in held from tinilonpit.1 of St. GrinsA for two livs8, siow Aged respectively 58 and 24, nic an aneal reserve-d renit of £25. tot-ether with the parsonuaie house endI meawdow, which It in ,rsoixsrd to tell cepsaaitely from the tithes, and free of thIn reaeryed rent. The poirebaner of thin lot will have to keep In repair the char,cel of the chrtroh, on which a. coneiderable slins bee been lately expe.ded. PartIciilars may be had of bfeefsa. Biray, Warren, end JferdIng, 57. treat Rtusseli-street. Inlonmclinry; Messr. Broneet. Fidel(, ane( Dawson, Lincolons-ina; Miessra. Tylea, Slake, and Tyiee, 04. S X-err.n.ret, fluand:, James Wickens, Esq., 0, Clhan,doe-rtrec-t, Oaasih.qtte MNoers. Lemon And Con., S, Lin. coln'a-lnn-fleltla - Melcs. Bell, Stew;ard, and Lloyd, 40, LIncoln's-Ina. Mon Snesrs. 3inschefl! Onox, and Bentyan, 19, Coleman-street, city Ersr.Woodham, rIIrtlore, Winchester ; and of Breams. Da%n,ezi Smnith, SonI, an11C 4kleY. land actis,I Waterloo-placo, rall-mall, Xce TIwyford LCtte ear the cicy ofrWinchester, and -the Wi nchea-, and Bltosoe,ah,non the, Lonidon and Sorith-Wentern Stajlway. i~E SE DANIE1i SMI'TH., SON, and OAKLEY ELJ ilhLL by A UCTION,. at the George Hfotel, Winches-a ter, on Saturdlay, theI10th of I Ictoher, 1857. at 2 o'clock-. Itnatead of Thursdany, the 8thi of October, lue iemerorin lots, varloios portions of thinsIt-TATE. eitu,ate in the parielhes of Twyfordl and =wlbry, coinprli,u g a saltoible freeh'lId water corn mill, kniown at Ahwod Still,. with corv-aice, residence, millleean cottage, etabta, hr., end about 1 .,er-ranof Srnt-rate, meadow land, now in the occnpation of Mr. lie-it-;.Youti. Alto a valuable meadow,.corntaining tIla. r. 8o. i,il 25a, It-. 2Sep. of superior water macado,, i,otai freehold ; also), On. ir. 17P. of water meadow in the parish of Compton, laiscliold of ti,e Dean and Chapter of Winchester, Aimo a emiail freehold larm., of abouit 371acres, with small hoesse arid recessary buildir.g, adjonring the blgb read to IBotley. neat- to Colden Comimon, occuipied by Illr. Charles St%rolrook. tocether with a vain. ble brick end tile matuflartory, with tile kiln, drying and ntackina b-edle.ho. Also I.? ncr-en of esuind freehold grass lanid, beautlifuili udded. with limiber and joimcn the high road at Colden.cormoan well adapted for the erection of a ranidevn e; about 20 acres of free: held pasture lcitd. with ek oo,t cottane re-Idence, stable, coach-house, wheelwr4-ht'e workrhop and y7ard Adjoining the high road, pleasaintly situate. The honice and Itrewhisca re in the oceupation of Mdr. Jame. Veer, as year'ly te,u,ut. About 35 scra ,.f freehold reutume land, well tilisbered, antiforaui!g agftodsIte for buiilding. AbhoueadjSoiniug the turnpike roal, a piece of copyhoeld woodland, known as Ley'c Copse, containIng,lie. r. 3j, A-tose,erali,to.i-ed pac~en of freehold meadnw land arid numerous coittiges and gardens, let on leasen fop lives. Printed partfuiurs, wIthi plans describing the made of lotting, will shortly he publflihee. null then mauy h e had of Mesroo. Bray, Warren, end Harding, solicItorA. 57, Great Rutsell-street, Bloomsbury. ltenoM. Bennett, Field, and Dawson, Lintcelo'e.iuu: &rlaecm. Blake, Tylee, a-nd Tyloe, 14, Easex-street. 8trand : Jamtes Wickens, Ens., , an losetreet, 0asendinhl-Dirtare : Messrs. Leman and Ce,, SI. Lii,coin'n-lno. fitldil; Messrs. Bell. fteward, and Lloyd, 49.Ltnco1un'a.innf!elds; 2easr-s. Birchoff. Coxe. and Bampas, lii, Celeama-etreet, city; Bonetrs. Woodl. ham, solicitors, Witichester;- and oft lenis, Daniel Smilth, Seit, and Oakley. la nd ag ent.s ar d r r.es'ors,1 . Watertelo o-plAce. Pelt-malL Postponement of Sale.-Devousbir,t. - Anhley-co-jjtrt.A dei-tgltfl m mlerato-plzed Residence. with S'tablitigGardent, Pleanure Grounds, and Olron.unte1el,P,tures~.o, ens rh.icer T;xe. near the Town of Tivarto.. ESS8SiS. DA'NIEL SMIT`H, SON, and OAKLEY M will qffer for."tAMR (by arder of thie Exeacntors). at the Lond n Boe.Exeter, on FrIday, 113th October. at 9 O'clock tinstead of Satur'lay, th 3d. o leei ttlpoat ro),uleassprevlosaly dispesed oftby Privrte Treaty, the ahose rcost'drelrable RESIDENCE, char. rate gly situaste on an elevated sr t, ostrlooslug tbn ancient town cend church of Tivertat,. and the proserbhially heroutifini vole of the river Exe. 12 lln ilsdl-arit fromtIbe city ofExeter, and within fineoboom' jour-bay of London. The house Is on elegant bu:ilfInct. in subfttsntial and decorative repair, wish verandah fronit, and coutaiLos iinte good bhed rooma. two dtersing reooms, brec-it iteat dining, and dreulziteloms of good dimnteionem, and conveonient do,,teselc sfiicc,w!th var -onsothier outbeildlnts, ltablit-gfor nix1hirs-ons and double coach-hoose, with groomsc' rooms Ov-er, a granary, and oud-oo'e; alto a entIxl farm homestead and a good cottags. Thaopei ymoachied Ithirogh a insit lodge entrance by a earrings drivc thrroughn well-planited pleasure-groitndp, tasteully tald out. ihe lawn Is st,,dded with everreeorB and throbs. There is a g,een-bouze anul kilchan-garden weli etocked with choico wall-fruiti lrees. The gardene And grounans are in excellent order, the Proprlet-ir having until nosy rece.,tly roalded so the property. The land In neasly all platttrn ad nd eadow, aod the whole estato comprines about 21 aceresn a sinall unction fil freehold, Andi the whole of the residuie In held for a term of 2,0C0 yoersro.cotminnuiti; in 1669. An anlnual paymnent of rs. dtecharges all des-sods Ifor land-tax and tithe rent chaarge. Toe capItal modern fu,r,itume may be taken by valuation if reoniured, or it will b-e told by me1ttiOl on the premites In the month of October, Immiediate possession, of the whole xnay be obtained on completioni of the pinrebsec, Further partiigilaro-nay be had of J. 0. Pateb, Esq., soil. chaor, Tiverton; And .f MBsrea Daniel Smith, Sun, and Oakley, laud agenta and sureyors, 10, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, where a plan of t,, oehousemay be neon. This DAY.-l(~ing-street~, Cevernt-gnrden-\aeo,Jwley . Plate. _NjrESSRS. DEBENRAM, STORR, and SON will £Y. BEL, at their Rooms, King-street, Covent-garden, THIS DAY, at 15, ('1 lots of valuable EFFECTS, comprising gold wvatche, by arwre,Arnld,Stokel, Vllimy,andothers, a diamond and ritiy haselbroah, asaphirestil dimondsin, gold chafins, trinkets, iler aSa,to-R , o i- ul e DE EN AtI,a n oTheRRmiceandleN. Wl clatSe and attheiCree attaced, l~gatrgee Opa soet wthg BreiloniTut as Baceet costlyi lIt-toholderuandingeOaT with valnoabre htand. On.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~i rVESSRS. I)EBENHATA, STORR, and SON ware LU aadi-trc,t SELL,b UCIN at their Rlooms.Kunre,Cvn-a-a,on Tursda,thee1t t looet.. at 12, an ft unuarin dieplcyof costeybeFr EC at a i a aro elthr ,eitC aFR rofst-e terI dIShS. atem anlo , servIced ten sarivrulatesnot the alternlegers, gud of1randrcOvrix waohe,aby Antonl, Deli,t.r Pa8 Crkine n s,. ctreat, an thriataatedsrt nlo b.rs pats , elbouar. , brousoholdng barrniers,Tw b Pihe,anofnurter cud No18t PlcdiE -eyhndoeSa.Cb DE3E IIuJ SO Et anrde SoNarie, Almadircted altrnfourELLheeAUcToN.re Vapn tbe Dryr,niWet,Siner. MiltR.etW.OA.ncOAKLeaEY bnre, 1th lonot.ut1.ncetaitit thF e AbTove, nroIncudigtedfIttng Tofr sevenbGae rd wchambers, drawing and KOTningea r, Ita-cIa.two Ncerg3err pAnofortwes,ltbleandb edlinen, nuln sindagloFr,cplate ;d ie e,cortls,iad effect'. On n th prhesdy ror S. Catolgnesrc pond ithepnv e,ad fteaciner,R.-tot TOLD'nr-kr ES AiE, kothws. -55, astuadlesree dl ghbtfulyan ealthe flleaseiofathe. abot-e,,iier-,ran the Pledge tengatherein,aamounting o, an SRd JoIridg eByENHfrt Ml STORE susatanlretd fSONlare- oridence1,11n5, llothLE-I ofth PcEsr eta lo,wndprduren kt,henngadethe PLawn. SOCb( capna s--bI6; gh ahout £000tanbeeng, adv ancd. Full partc-,lam f te aicilpeea. ad o irensy. Rxon Son, and nton IV AUMOION, In tho RefreebmentiBoos upnthe Premneni on Tuesday, September 22, at 7 In the evnleg subjcpton diin m be than produced. all that slir-erior and waebitFERL RI PicRTVI esled the, Royal Alibou Hotel,ntaoiflg-tae Leamington. The houme hon recently beenpoioasmlterpI a-nd, being the iterest hotel In the London an ot-etr nd the Great Western, Ralwnay Stations, iscpbefcmeniga extenalsie buninees, Immediate p,oseRoion asyb a,Frf rto particulars aPPly to Mlr. IOverell, solicitor, LUmnto o o h s. tionerers Uppe,r Parade. Leam4tngln T's Ilr-ewer, c3iayI-tc-s, and otbers.-Ab3olute Sale. MESSRS. COOPER are inat'r'uted to SELL by ACVJ. AUTION- at the Arition Slart t. St argarele.astreet Can terbury. on WednedasY, the Y4th day of September, 3857.z,t33 Oclo"k' Is- the afternlooni Precisely, all that old-eetablisbed WREElSOLD BSREWERY, situate in tile villasge of Llttlebourne, Kent, three miles only distant fronm the city of Canterbury and wittin racy distanac of0 the towns of Sosidrich. Deal, Dover, Barmegate, andMSar-nate. This valuable property comyt-isesa brewbous compacnt and substantitlly buit, avig aIO-uater plitut, fitted-sp;ith2l)-berrelcopper, wrought iron wrort hack. Mash ttiio with mashing cuid rPar-muR apparaltus and Coolers complete, power-f ir hom-e-whreel. with machinery for grlnd,n,, beashlur. sod Prrnaise a large inn room with 10 inns, DOntnc'd roo fitted cmmnplete tren cellars underneatis, an old ale cellar is Trout of building with vats, a conk shed, and co)mtIng-honse a leaden Cletern On roof with waetr and Darr aon orepup end tine w,hale of t-he flood plant end To macineryattched pin th raidbreehose;allthat mnalt, houre acdjoining thebver no Etantiatly built 'and strongly tirmbsere coDsta ngo inbrewery nub-~ with wvire kin-plcte., furnoare mealt pit-ae containing stowrage for abasht log qua-ters Oitt op-joft over, a Ist- w rhing floor, a second wor~-. In,&ro howing stage, with large barley bin supported on cast'Tro pilr,lye iter-n to wet 2o quarters and couch adj'oining c-.d also nil that emnail dw0linc,linre fronting the street, and adjoin. log and comutunigatin,, sitli the brewery ; three roomy cottages fur lab,ourers. tht5tch(A- stable fOr four horasen nart.shed, chalne-hotLAail cu Other onuthrll.Isg. thei whole stardndg (incluztre of site of boildin i) on about twii scrtn of garibo and pleacure ground, hr arcsevera wrIteon the premises, end thebrbwery Inweilcupplied bye finenatringof wrater, which flaws lInt a tank bel.nging in thbe piremireen The srnoerty conimondsq a fron tage of 16 feet tothteetreet end stands wall fo- l'nl trwnie. being Ina poe,u-nessarid firm bamley.graw(,ggdistric!t. Thebotem1 Ih'a rixtures, Ii'clutdisg a powerful refrigerator 'together with the rafilll,r asook, impDleU1OtF, and atock of beer, mlay ho taken at a valuatton a,tI the completion of the purchase, If re,tulred, ThereIseryfclt I the above premlceesfor brewingaflret-rate article. Thevert acsllplIe rPt,and the business Old Kent-road, 'Moltagaa.plice-.To Members of Baulding Societies aud others.-Tw.s capita elglit-roomed Hounes, admirably sultt4 for being converted lnow l',opa. E. B CLARKSON (in conjunction with Mr. WRAY) NT1 will SELL by AUCTION, at the Magrt, on Thursday, Oct. _, TWO capital eight r iots,d DWELLING-HOU8ES, being Nos. 2 and 3MAontagu-place, Old Kenr-road, near the Bricklayera' Arms Station. T~hey are situate Iti the best tpart of the Old Rent-road, and admirably e.Aavted for being converted into bthopa; held on lease for 30 years frees Michaelmnas, 1856, at a ground rent of 413 per annum eaoh home, both let to hi4hly respectable tenants, at A 6 per annum. each. May be viewed. ParVeoalars, with conditions of sale, obtaiued on the premhises at the Mart ,of AlonuLaiu Goeaet, Esq.. solicitor, C, Colemanst'e'-t. clty : a,,d at the anctionecera otfices, 18. Penton-et.. Pentonville. Lateres. Yrr-L.e. -T Mebes a iuiiinSoctees,cs and others. -A capital et6ht-roornea lEuze, in thoroug rai,and overlooking the newr park. IN JR. 0 ARKS(N (i coitlItioThwith Mr.WRAY7) ~7 ill ELLby uaio' at the Mlark, on Thoradey, Octoher 1, 1857, a ca,ltal e1lfht-ro.,mod. private D WEHLIANG.HOU61i, in thorough repwir, being So. 4 York-p'ace, near the Duchess of York public-bouse, Sielteree, sud withini a fw i-v mintes' walk of the Nine Elms Railway Station aud swtea-boat vper. let to a moat repectable tenant, woio does cli relasir,-. at £20 per auoom train 1' beo.e its value), and held on lease lor 30 Stare from Itlchae:roas, 1ikE at a grou!nd rent of only £2 55r.pe annum, MAly he ve.we,. ; ana parilcolas, with conudi'ions of eale. Oh- tainsd (.n the premiajes; at toe 'Mart. of Moantague Gosret, Eeq., roirritor. 4. L'Cemau-etreet, city ; sud at the auctioneer'st Offices, 48, 1,'-tov-sIr-et, Peatonvhl,.. N7..uable Leuaeholo u--c.d Rent of nI27 per aunnum, moat amply stur.rd upou Psa,i well-built Shosp and Two Private Houses of the atnneal value of £'193. 1 B. CLARiKSON (in conjunction with Mr.WRAY) ITl rt:i SELL hy AUCTiON at the Mlart. on Thursdey. October 1, a vnamable LlF&AaltI1,)D o,ROVUND REN,,T of £27 per annum, moat arnp!ysucur.d upon four nerIy acd MCece roib6tattlalls-Dailt ah7ps and two private host-rt. of the annuial value of ;6193, being Nos. 4,6,8. 7, 8, and, v.WraY t-neca. (li d &bot5nl-gseen-rood, near ~t. Jude's Church TIt, lroperty in btld an least dirret from the freeholder, for a ternm of 20 Secars irom llchas-lraa', 186. at a *pepp,cornzet. Mfay beviewed. asd r,articulams w;tb rotLditlow;s sa!rle. obstained on the premises: at thellIant;o0McnlarueOooset, zsiao. nlcator, 4, Coleman-stseet,city; m~.dat the ut.,~-'olie,8PnO-trO.etnie OlFd tao-rd. BWTO lebrofBl~lrln ole_tliandotbhc-Tn wveil-built six-ronried ilciuese, let to very re-spectable and well-paying t,mauts.-Oce.halr of the pumch- -nmoney allowed to remain on niertage. _1R. CLARKSON (in conjrnnctiowth Mr. WRAY) li. wila SZi,L by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 1. T?IN thorouglir well-hunlt ilit-roonped. HOUSES, being Nos. 1 and 2, Albert-road, a,d Na,-. 2, 3, 4,8, 8.9, 10. and 11, Vlctoria-ro.,d, (near the Alaralnls Comowallie Pubilc-hou:e,) Oldi Ford-road, DOW, within a few mOxuteb' walk if tte Vi.toria.park and B,,W Rallway Stations. They are, consialerably onderlet to respectable and well-paying weakly ttnants, at reLtS aWniouting to £18 4s. per annum each home: held On teass dIrtct from tele freenoulder for ItJO )ears, from Lady.oay, 1824, at a arouInd rent of only £32 10t, per annum each homEe. May ho viewed, and tiarticul,Ars, with c'andltioss of sale, obtained on th. premises; at the SIsart at tIne Miaraums Coruwaillts Publia-bouso (near the Dropestyl, Uild Ford-road, B3ow : of Mloittgue berzet, Ils.,solicitor, 4, CJOlarmnnsh&eet, city ; and ut the auCtioecer's offices, 48 Benton-street, Pen- hnthoasl-gretn. Old BEthl.rerod -A capi7tal Leasehold Xstate, estimated to DroduceD Xliopr,nu consisting of Four unusually rell-built ahops and Two piaes-roed Houses In an undeniiably good situation feralwa5esconics.dang well-paying tenant,, i R.CLABRKSON (inL conjunctionx with 7&r. WRAY) T ilSILby AUCTION, at tue Malat, on Thursdtay, Oct. 1, I,. lael, a caplsc. LEASISHOLD ESTATE, consisting of four newly And most euibstanIlallyAniu.t and nearly iloished shaps, and two pr,vate sixroomed houses-, being Nor. 1, 2. and 3, VWray-terrace, Bad Nos. 20, 21, and '22, CKurobervt-rreei, Old Bothnal-green-road, near lit. Jude'a Church. The property is situateIn the midst of adensely populated elghbourhooix. an3d where ItL3salways certainto let, A portion of the lroDerty Is finished and lec, and the remainder It Is expected will bo thvroughly completed before the day of sale, and for which when finished there are tenants. They akre held on lears for a term of 80 years from MihBselrntas 18856, et a groiund rent of;6i lOs. nor annum for each of the horses in Wray-terrace, and £4 per annum for each of the houees in Canrobert-street. May be viewed, and particulars with condi, Ions of Sale Obtained oni the premises ; at the SA3rti; of Montague beroaet, Hsq , wolIcitor, 4, Coleman-street, city ; and at the auctloncse'a oftces, 48. l?enlon-otre't, l'entonslWje 1Wthna.-gre.u.-Oid BethnaI.greeu.road-..Mne thoroughly well-belt Carcasse.-To Cairpenters, Builders, and otliems-Towo-thirdisof the purshaee rmoney allowed to remain en mortgage If re4uired. Rj . OLARKc3ON (in conijunction with Mir. WVRAY) ITI will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, ocn Thursday, Oct. 1, in lots, NIIN tLorougPly end substantially hualt OARCASES, situste on the waiht side of Cis, ksor,-lstcet, Old llethual.grees.road, near to Si, Jude's Church, Pney are situate in the mid't of a neighbourhood 01 sars rom lclielms, 116, t a roud rent of£peanu Mllnred.oadl~dwroe'sos,Wetw em,edT abr fBuildins Soisritie, Small Capitalists, and othera.-Dedirable Leasehold Estate of six wel:-:sullt six-roomed ioume. ~iB. OLARKiSON (in conjunction with Mr.WRAY) LiTi iil SELL by AUTt;TION, at~ the Mairt, on Thursday, Oct. 1, !n lots, a compact LRABEHOLD ESTATE of SIX well-budit nix. roomed HOU:3.S, bring 23 to 53 both inclusive, Edwards'-road, Wenxtwsrtb road, Mile-end-roei a, near the New (41obs Public-homse. They are conlsiderably unuderlet to hIghly respectable and weli.payng Yearly tenant:3 at LaO per annum each laume, excepting No. ill, a capital corner house, which is let at £12 per aunnum. A lease wiji be granted direct from Iho fianeholarr for about 10 Years, at a ground rent of £4 tles. fret-O.unt each houEe. Map to viewed, and partecalars, with conditions of sale, obtsined a'tIhe idart; of Messrs. Norton, Son, and !ain, solicitors, 3. New-street. Bishepagate; and at the surtioneer's 'fMiP,s. 48, Penton ntreet, PnttOa'iI;e. Tuttenham--Tero must subat-rntiaaly bulKadiel meaaedss- detached Villa Hs-ecs IRAYCLA K O (in conjunction with Mr. . WA will ShELL by AU 'TION, at the Mart, on Thiursay, Ilebon,er I, TWVO thoroughily wllt built 'and tinished semI-detached VILLA IIESlDEN'CES, being Nos, Iland 2, Talhot Villas, Talbotread, Page-green, Tttrenhani. Each honce contains nine roams, with grad garden front and b0kc: const;ant nUpply of water. and thoroughly well draInied. They are considerably uncerlut to hIghly respetaBhe tti-sante3 at £45 per aunoulo edch house. Held on lease direct frmm lbs freeholder for tOy9csars from Mlchashnss. 1556, at a g,onna rent of __ par annumn each ioune. 3May be Ylewed, and partIculars with conul-i tiona of rale obtaited on the premises; at the AMart; of Meanse. Harrison and Lewis. lolicitors. 14. New ttoswell-court, Cprey-street;anad at the aurictoneer's offices. 44, Penton-street, Pentonville, Luughton, Close to the ltatiou.-Thlrty ctio olrelots ot Eseetil, 1and, for VUIlas and Shops. IF. IIRA MK VATTHEWS Will SELL, 14 a h art, oin Tuesday. September 22, the SECOND POE. TION of a mao'Sdutisable FREEtHOLDl) £4TATE tin all 16 acres), embracine all the hieh road frontagesy, and presentiminosmot fescurable opportnnltles for profitable builiding Investmnents in bnu'inesta anG other erectlela. k'asTinLUWs of G. F. Hudson, E~eqj, 23, Buckiersbury; and at Mir. Matthewsa' octiets, Fiushury Fantechuloon, City-road near l5nalissry-squa-.re Toilinigtou-park, lifornme_y.-o.Iad2 lao ils- Ose,stonoInete, R. MARLMADUEMTHESwl SL5a itithe Mart, oni Tueday, September 22, In seprtlo. e,an 2 et these de-trable semi.eetached RESIDENE,cle dao Villas, Tollinlo r-p ace Toiiin&r.aanpark, finishedin oe at, the Talnie of £55 per annuml each. Particular fMsrs arne l'lews, and Buyer. Old Jeicry, and at M Ar. Matthew'ofcs iam l'sntechnlcou. City-road. and Wludmaill.street, FuboF snoo SUx well isailt If calf ror, ,Tudor and Perry Vila,o h i.Toa' Hospital Estate, IHackney, offerIng seemse Invetet,an lidu Land at Brentwsood and fcdmouton, MR. IVARMADUKE MATTREWS will SELL atthe Mart, on Tuesday. Sept. 22 in separate lots, Nca. 2 and 2, and S And 8, Tudor V'illas, Tudor-roani, and Nos. 3 and 4, 't'ery Villam, V,Yels-street, Ilanotney onfers,g presea.enligible Investments for capi ta, arid pessesaton at ea. y dates If- required - also EIght Plots of Mes. hold Land, near the railway ltatlou at dreatwood. and bned's-park, Edmoniton. Pasrttculars of' Messrs. Hird and Son,.Portiand-chamnberr, Great TitehIleld-street; and at Air. Katthews'l officer, Finsbury Panteehoiron. City-road. near Finsbury-squisre. Itackney-r,,ad.-Houaeol strntre, Cottg Pianofrteand TEtfeta. M~R. J. J.CLEMMAS will SELL by AUCTION, kLJ. upon the Premises, So. 10. WeYmIoutI.terraie. Hackney-road, on Thursday, beptpea';-er i7, at 12, ytOUSiEIIOLD FURNITUPEIcomprising inatogany Araibian and 1brench bedsteads, with fuirniture, mattresses, fentlier brds and bedding, and the ulsualohotnier fnrniture, retsof dining r~oni ehaire, much, d niag and tao tabies, c-sp,,ta,large elhisuney-glass, lenders, fire-Irosle, and ocher items. Catalogties ha of the auctioreer, Holy,rell-rnw, iiasbury.equare. To OCelenerere. t'ac;nre, Freezers, Egineers,and there,Th. valua Isle Plant, AMschiun.-y, and Utensilis of a Der, Presser-, aud Packer. X It. J. J. CLE24MANSIAwill SELL by AUCTiON, iTi upon thea Premises, the Dye-works, Lanib'a-paraage, Chiswellstreet. on FrIday, October 2, at 11. In iota, by order of the Executors of thelateit William Atkinsou, lllq., the whole of the PLA-NT of the sbore, which comprises in the ualenderors' compDartment an excellent 12 horee poser betoi ul nueto, a Ceamish anBd 0YIlnusr1ca toiler 118 feet lose) ; a 9-8 fric' Mou calenlder, and a 7-8 ditto, with, iron and cotton rolls, -sete rrre', frIction wheels,. and apparatus * three Diteh aIen. der.; two heavy ditto, conitaininig 25 tour of iron,'wtth iron bed plates 3 inches thick; logvvtod and enilg machines, Indigo miLl a folding irachine l,y Harking and Co). Tnie dye compartment compriser water beetc, capable of contsiniatg 6.000 gallons' ten coppers, fr'o m lbO to 701 gallons; copper plIpes and couls, steam pipersoad cocks, lead supply and waste pit-ea: dyeing harts, with Irtmes and wheeler; an hydauIcpres y lslhose 7 ee b 3 ee a, with 7-luah ran andI lai ofhad pmp; to Ionprese, de ubs and horses copper bows,watr hoos,pums,ana oheraricls;the whole of the gas fiting, ad ohereffcts Ma bevieedo Wenesay ndThurs- &,hton Villa. Wilnh~am-madOn the Lewi.bhan-ro3o, a anort dira"a, e from the two New-eroes Sneios wtnuerous facilities fer reacalug the west end, and imredatposaon R. R BINSis ntryncted to SELL by AUC. MIN tteAart-v.To-terrow, September 17, at 12, and p2remptorily, amost aelightfil and very complete RS-SIDeiNCA kn)own 33dAshton Villa, Wflabbam-rosed, leading out of the Iaewieham.ro sal s~Aitation offerir.g all theoharms of thocountry, comma.,ding extemAime vilews of thelurroundiitig reeery, incloding the CrystalPalace. It has been recently erected. in the moat sabstantia manner, under the direcliorn of an architect of eminence, and no expence soared to render it most oemplate for the, accommad.tiou of a family. it presents a, pleasing exterior, the roams lofty and of excellent proportions, com. prsung seven bed chambers and dressIng room, elegant 'Irawing room 26 feet by 24, opening to the gardens, diLIng room 22 'eat by lii, And 7ameous atore-ciosey, with morning room and convenient domestic oficesz below; trout garden, with carriage drive, "an large pleisae garden, with lawn, rb the rear, laid out and planted with gret taste - also an excellent carrnage-houre and stable at the side. The ypero,tj Is leasehold for 27 years, at a very lowv ground rent, PartIclars had on the prenatses; of Messr. Roy eand Cartwright solicitors Lotbbuiry: of J. D. tFinuey. Hsq , solicitor, 6, Furlisal's-mun; and at the Auction Miart. May bhe viewed by cards only, which mayjbe obtained at Mr. Robins's offices, C'ovent.gws-lan. No. 8`2, linrad.--Hunt's celebrated and lucratIve -Dliis E1 as,a moot, with imuredlate posseelon. AR. ROBINSi is directed to SELiL by AUCTION, 3'YI. at the Mart, To-morrow, SePtember 17, At 32, without any ruersve. the LEASH and 0GO0DWILL of the well-known and elaccee. ful COFFEE and 01H0P HOUSE, establIshed by Air. Hunt, at 82, Strand. The airerulees possess considerable up-stairaseacommodalion far inig patie, wth a exensve sloo onthe ground floor, ofier- To Drapers, Silk'Mercers, Shippers, and Dealers. R. THOMAS HEM3IING will SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms, 5, Pilgrim-street. Ludgste-bill E. C.. on Friday next. 8eptembor 18,_at lpunatualty, the STOCK of a DRAPERxand SeLY M Rmy rcF: alU newV good3. On view the day prior. Glamorganshire.-To CapItalists and others.-Valuable Froobo:d E-state. HENRY BRUTON is favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION. at the Weatgate Hotel, Newoor" Monmouthshire. on Thursday, the let of October 1857, at 2 for 8 'clock in the aftrainocn precitely, a most valuable ard compact FREEHOLD 1-.Si'ATE, called the Brithdir Dstate, situato In the parish ot Gelligere, Olamorganshire, consisting of two farm-bhoues, four barns, stalle3, cattle ebeds, fold narts, ant 300 acres of land, a large portion of which is parture, and 60 acres woodland. The farms are now in the respective occupations of Mr. John Jones and ;Mr. Daniel Nilciolls, at an aggregate rent of £170. The tithes are cOODmuted, and the parochial rates very low. The coal mineg. nunerals, re., which mun underneath the whole estate, and also xunder 9a, Sr. 28p. o1 land, lately Sola by the proprietor to the New Rhymney Esllwvay Company, comprise all the veins and eeame of hnuve. cokelng, and steam coaL iron stone, and firo olay found in this portion of the South WVales mineral district, ace they are let on a lease of 99 years, of which 97 are unexpired, to tae BrithdSr Collier, and Coke oDmpany. of Newport. at certain royalties which wfll probablY bring in. whea the ndnes arc faUly worked, a rent ot £700 to £1,105 per annum, and a present devd rent of £300 per annum until thee kwer vein of ool is opened, wben the dead rent is to I.e increared to £450. A shat, 28 yards deep, has bean sunk. and ti: e lessees have lately erected a manager's homse 20 coke ovena, and other convenient buUdings and offices for getting dbe coals. Tho lesoe contains a power to underiet smail portlous of laud on building leases, at the rate ol £5 Per acre, but the owners are to reeeive half the extra rent arising thereupon, A publahouse and foair substanttal cottages havo lately been erectid, and four other cottarea are in couse of erection. and as the mines are wor-ked there is no doubt that the property7ilil be materially increased in value hy the erections rcfceniges and other buildings without any expensetotheowner. The Rhymney RaUiway, which tunLs through the estate. wil Drobably be opened fsr tralicc to Carff in October next. Ther iS also a tramroad from the pit's nouth to Newort. The property will thus be brought wiitDi an hour's 3rnde of the shipping ports ct Newport and Cardiff. The proportylIsituate l the ehymney Valey, and in only a very short distance from the woU known Rhymney Ironworks and several large ani profitable coal mines. It in distant from Tredegar lve miles, Dow-lals lix miles. an'l Merthyr seven miles Printed paxtirc s an-e conditions of sale will shortly be issued to be obtainod of Pr.oericc Talbot. Esq.. mllcitor, Newbtury; lessrs. Ci. U and 'F. Jaoe,-es, sf'lcitore, Merthyr; the auctIoneer. eKiog-street, Oloucester; and< tf Mr William-LnB'ern. at the Bstkdfr Collieries; and of thu tIdMlle In whlo wlU sihow9 the propely, 10,000 feet Of Glas, Ornamental Olsac works, ]Dmlgrani?a gouge, Toolsz, Puarltnrs, kc. PESSS. HAMMOND and ETLOART Will SELLs AWITUCTION, at tbeir Great Roonms.I, CbaOhnOerF-laDe. Ta-mor. row, Sept. 17, st 10 foe 11, 10.000 feet Of plate. ibeet. and Crown GLASS In sqarsm anud halt t3bies, quantitY of Ornamental table tops r;pA, jainbe, garden and traweinmcrptlons, ko.. glam krindfine machine, tools, prable or.les bookcases, gas BWitigs, sad effects. On view, and caaogues ready.-28, Chansery-lane. Pair of Small ottgs erDlil-sehl SSRS.HAMMND ad ETOAT Will SELL M~ AUtION at he Mat, o ThusdaySept. 24, st 12. a PAIR of m *deachst COTAGE, knwn a Tuor Cottages, Hamiltonroa, Lwerb7owee, wlllet an prducng 39 s.per aunnum, held fornealy80 ear a ony £. arteolrsof esss.Rixon, Son, and Antn, 3, annn-sree, Cty;andof he uctoneers 28, Cha.nceey- Leasehlcons for 000 years P'dotn 1IJfSSP.S. I{AUIOND and ILORT Wil SELL iIby AUCTION, attbe Mfark,OnThnzrsay, SODtOM`r~14, at 12, In two lots a PAIR of setmI-etsched VIr,AXS, 19 snd 20 Westbounme. psrk-rova, near the Rtoyal Oak, In excellent re-,alr vreU let at £43 an.- £42 per annum reapectively, iand heldt for neoarl i0 yeaFRs. at ground rents of onip £9 9s. May he viewed, and partleu lrs bad of W. Hitoh. coe, Esq.,:9olieitor, 2, Stanfield-court, Temple; atteMr;and the suttetoneere' office, 28, Chancer-lane. Euston-placo,New-road, and Mile-end. -Absol-te Sle 1by Orderfofbte Mergseea.-Two Lewshold House. MESSR.S. HAMMOND and EILOART will SELL M1. by AUCTIONI at the Mar., on Triueday, Sept. 24, at 12, No. 9* RUSTON-PL&CO:. et for tbsee years, at £48 Per aununu: beld foe over 90 years, atla mo-ierate ground rent. Aleo No. 24, Nettiugham. place, MIle-nd, near Whitechapel Churchb: let for £19 per annuca, and hieldrfor about 49year3sat alow groundrent. ay be viewed, and par ticulers bed of Meassms.MeaAd and Darebeny. rollcitors. 2, Ktng's Biench. walk : at the Maurt : anxd at the auctioneer's offioes, 28. Chanc.ery-laac Iqbrwood.-Dellehtful Vill aend arens, nea the Cysafij- orde-r of the Executors of T. E. Savage, Rsq. ]ESP.HAMM1OND and BILOART will SELL byAIU,S CTrn?. at the Mart. on Thurasay, Sestemnber 24, an 12 EVESFI&M5, COt'TAGE. PilgrIm's-hill,one ml'unte'ae wk from the; Lewer iNorwood Station. coimalnlng lire bed rooms, cavItil reception rooms ample domestIc oTaires, oonserr,alery. Ornamental garden, withl lawns and fonota.'. .kitchen garden. dto. :all in excellent repair. The villa and Portion ofthe grouirnd t, c-s)pyhold. at a sall fne, and thy larger portton of the garrien Ia freebIea. May be nfewel, and particulars of eale hsd of Me4srr. Rixoo. 'AIn, And Anton, 38, Cannon-street, nlly,; and of the auctioneere, 28. Ohancary.lase. Building; blot+eill,;. Inner Teml-ae 1IFSSRS. HAMMOND andn IOR .IV b. onoured wIthi Inatmottrins from the ITon, oIt f b ne Temple.to SELL by AUCTION, on cte Premise,. He ,2 ,ad4 Inner ±emple-lace, on Thurs6ay. October 1. at 1.tewee0 b MdATERIIALS of those FOUR large HOUSES ; mrsn aytn of lead, thousandis of excellent bricks, oak timiare ors&cToh viewed, end Catalogues re-ady one day prier to thesae To the Adsorsrs i uthelt r o o,Atqais ieayMn tnd others, NjESSRS. HAMNMOND) and EILOART beg to it.nsttity, that t-he celebrated Dr. JOlIN5ONj's RTAIRCASE and the FITTINGS of that eminent man's CHASBERS. at,No. I, Inner Temple-lave, will her old on Thor-doe, October 1. at 12, by order of the Hon. Socie,tr of the Iuner Temuple, the hnu,es beng ab;out to he takenl down to clear a ole for the erection of the Society's new chombers Catalogues -vIl he fo,-m-rded on -ap'leatlou to Messrs. lHammond and Ei'oart, at their nfiees 28, Chan cery-lane, fin anroin TeL itrs -itig, ad tok -of un-gs Bottles, kc.. of a Cbh-mist's and Druglista's hop, in one lot, togethsar with the Hons-ebold Furniture aid Effects. 1 [R. BRIANT is instructed by the Asaignees to LV SELL 1sy AUOTION, on the Premises, Surrer-place Keonnt r- t,n-.psrk, on Wedrf-esda7. Sept. 23, at i2, the IIOUoEHIOLDyFUR. NITURE. com.prising mahogany four-poet and other bedsteadg, washstud,a uate len la,camber items; drawing and dining room furnitueIn dce. lo.pembroke. and other tables, sets of chairs, dInner WAggon,%ceff.anler, chirrney.glmate. kitchen requIiatea, and effects. Alotevelnab!e Lease, with the homLe and shop fittings and fixturee, May'bhe eewed. Catalogues bad on the pemlse; and at Mr. Briant's austlon offices. 12. Kennington.row, Heoninglon-parr. In Bauiknrnpc-T-, nuDrgeopn, Cbhmiets and 9rsgtois,end others- The Loame* Fixtrvee, atid Fittings or a Chymnist'said Dreggist's Shop. TJR. BRIANT is instrtucted by thbe Assignees to LY,lELL by AUCTION. in one lot, on the Premi.ee 8. Surraypic,Kentieegsn-p,rk. on Wednerelsy, September 23, at 1 for 2 precos,the LE&-.F, and JITXTURES togrother with the whole of the lIig,dr'sgo lAbelled bottie,, rseam-rre-s, jars, &c_, of ab CERYMIST's end DRUGGIST'. SHIOP-rho huriness for many years carried on by Mr. F, Lewis, The premises are hell fo,r an unexpired term of about 14 years at the low rental of :EG0 per ainnum, and the sItuation is undeial, My t-e virwed two dass precding and morning of -ale. Particulara had of W. Wliltmnire eq off-icil sasignee Rasinghallstreet; of J. Froesr, Fsq., sle'oy'nrlo4u and at the auctioneer's offices, Kenniurton-psrir. S' NRH. On the gamo day, at 12, wifll he Sold. on tISe Premiseos, the Funmiture and Effects, Long.ocree,E1 leeesw r,od, and Nea.-rad_-ValAtIe ~b Le.sold Busi- ness PremIses, lately in the oacril,ation of John Mfarksr, a Bauborup'. BR3IANT is instruicted to SELL by AUCM,-ONat Oarr.wafys, onwedcisedys. September 30,att12 forl1, in lots, by, orier of the bfortgagees, withtlbe concurrence of tht Assoas,uf oh Mche abakrut.copriin avaluable LE&15E. BOLD lofty, BC SINAiS P:B.1l)ISES ,situate and being No. 39. Longar,ltlinthle Occupation of the bankreept. held on leawe for au unoexpire term of 2f, yers,at the low rental of;C93 Per annum: ale, Two Lesehod Business Premises, with Dweillings estttats and being N4os. 7 and 24 lIstis 541. reU]-st,eet. Edreware-road. lately ia the ocenpotion of trob ,u5,ruk. No.7Iis held n leasefor an.nexo3irea term of 929 years, a' the low iental of £32 per annum. No. 56 is held on lease for an utnexpired ermsi 0f13 yers, at the low~ re'titlof £40 per anne-n also a Leasehold Dw'-flnt-bono, with Shop) and Premises, situate a-nd being, Nouo oeepa et e-od ow let onleaseto arerDeetable trant, and held on lease for an unexpired term of 10 year,,% at the Ins rn,l e.f £0 pe, amanun,. ay he viewed at any time previnOuts - the sale. Printed pa.riculars nad at Oarra ,y'; at Ice Cermoan Shades~ Loss--cre; of Meos". Wire and Child,solicitors, Turn. whbeel-lane. Cannon-treet, citv: of IZe,srr. WilkInson and Stereos, solicitors,Nichol ns.LIue, Lombeard-stzeet ; and at Mr. IcLiant's auction and estwe offices, KcrninAgtn-pam-k,IS. 27. tRenum-strebt,0. W Pail-mali,allr 25,Kin ltan-screet. ciy.- Lessebold Fropertltet, belongg to th odnand EAstemRnanking; co rtion. SSR. eAD and 9ONS~ to Sannounce hateabv ,ey ligible PROiPER were not sold by suto,and that the difleulty a' to. tlt.te being vemored ther are now 'lstroc'tea to SELL by Prevate Trety For Ilararticularn aed price ap. ply to Meirrs. l3ea.-elI and Sons, 25. Grs.shain.etrect. London. R.O. N.to. 'Sra-ot-ssr,~-etrt eits-.-Fre old EMousean Shod p iESS'iS. BEADEL oand SO'NS are instucted to LrLliu'LLt by AUCTION, at tb.e Mart, Battholomnewrlaue, Loados. on Tuftdar. Soirs,ter i,2. atI12, inGcue lot,those desirable andeligibly sttnate PRENIISES, compDrising shop and warebouse, with private entrance, knoswn as No. It. firegbarr-street, In the occupation of M,essrsT.Tllliasuad iPorthwtck. bunting aind Fay manufacturers, and YMeow.. Carter an-i Suttesk, tobocconi,t3, whooccupy under an arrange. zwent bywhc the prrhabser may hare occupation on the Completion of the parc)see. Tho i,;tuatlon of these valuable freehold premtIses elItes to the Pank of Pt ngland, the Royal Exchangze, at,d General Postoffice, and in a minsn thorougbfare in ts, heart of the city, render them elitilble either forIus'ueneesPutrecor-oasue ivsent Psitictlrs mir- bcolst-ea- eofliessre WKiim, Braihemsidge and Sins, soiios 6, il3rt1e.tts.hvlld!ngr. Ilolbom : at the Mart; and of atr,serp.lie-ai,- e.l Sies Pon, 2 Gresh~arn.eereet. London. H, C. -'sIida bill wsst. - 2&,vsrn Far,uieuce.Piccolo Organ. and ifCts-ciy order of the Exe 3utors. 'T R. TAPL7N will SELL by AUCTION, withouit Ali.rezerve. 'hi Le Prerictess, 27, tlaida-hill west, on Friday, Septeatber25, at; precisely, the FIIiNITURIS, comprising a piccolo organ hb- Dsai., centrearad occmasinal t4nles; in maple wrood, chimney-gloe 's, Rrumsels cs-pete. carved mahogZany cillehord, eheffonier, earcayhas-na, set oftleleecope dining tables. setse of eialrs. soifas. oak bookcae, iahbo- -ayfour-poot, IPron,and4 French bosit,ds, feather beds, hlIsr mattreses, mt'rszany ard o- ' chests of driwer'a. wardrobe-, linen pre s~, washotutxr, ii%dras,iog tables., nd mab-iean) swing glasses, a quantity a?! Ml'erte an. tndlb u -aal kitalhen relnt.ites. On view the day prim-i- antde nri-rcio of aale. Cat.alguesson the premises ; and of lha anetlonee.. StanleI tplace, Paddlngtoa.eroon, .No. 4. eisra-reao',u V,isL.,dlsroce- qunn.eeWesrh~oarne-grove,--nac- sior modt,m Fur.,lt,.re. Cottazee Pianoforte, China, &c., thie property 01aCentleman la s-i.g England. 1t-R. TAPLIE will SELL by AUCTION, without IIrezervc, On tee Promistee, on Ws.riegday, Sent. 23 allI precisely, all1 the eleganmt FU,N-ITUPFE, comrinlsitg a cotlazs piano, drawini room muteW in rI)seenocd covered, In s stun rumask. chim.tey-glas3es3 no. dectal sidel-)sar. 'e'st-colo dInin;ztabs,. maeive chairs Covered Win Il m,c,c, cuc-!es T.m'hey sri-et, liOceesc,nw or plste. otahe)gacy'Arab-an le-d,,toadP, drawers saii o eloiusand toIlet tables. ironbolst steeds, hair mattrors`!. gonso feather hoSe.s 12 pair of Wit057 bIRlonel haudanme divner a' d tea services, Cutilery, scittlies, steel-mouanted fenders. and usual culinarsy iffocts, O Gsloiw the day prior and moranIn at sale, Catalozsies of the auctioneer. Stan!ey.plsce. Paddlosttn-greci Iolo ysn s-1arn.-f9 o esraleegbt-roM Leasehold Houses-i, for:ve-to een or occupation, held for long terms at low ground roots, es~rlnatod to produte a retal of £30 each. NIt. TAPLIN will. SELL by AUCTION, without Lvi re3erie at C'arraway'g Ccffeshouse, Change-atley. CorahilL, o- _ueday. Octsh-.r 17, at I1n sseley HE ubstantial brick-ul HaOUSIES, in sep crate lois known a, Nods12andl 13, Wslllngton.strser, and No.3, lTpp.r Freeling.street. Ca'edoniau-rosd. King's-crods. Tae property is:ioceut.y bn.t, and weil1linisbed. 1157 be viewed any day riOr' to thbsgalel. Conditions to hoe had of Mesisrs. Patterson and Longm,ln, eoliitkro,06S. Old Broad-street. city; of Mr. T. A. Tibbits, solicitor. 1. F,eld-cos,rt. G'AY's-inn ; atGmrraway's; aud at the auctIon c-fli,es. Stonlee-piAC". Paddlogton.gre,.e OPLIS .h1terhthlbe.-Fixtietsr, FIufnitsrr, . OPI.SON, andl HARIDING will SELL by TATICTION, on the Premises, 13, Rothlexhithe-wall, ancl 3, Mlarket.- place. To.ni,,rrow, Septemuber 17. it 1'2 punctually, VIXTURES and FITTINGS of two draper.s'beoise. -no:tatng of mahosany-top runte-r', nests of drawers. .he.ving. ga--fi'.tiugs, stovcs. ranue,cipper. blinds, tc., French besise-ads, breddi~ng, chairs, ivles, &c. dy be viewed ou mornl, g of eSCle. aLd catalogues hod en the premises, and of lbs, auctioneers. 116. St P.ml'9 churchyard. EC.O For Abe,l'iste S-sir-An old.cstablUo.5ed t'bi-h.-se ad -Tavern Tower-hill, tcgetber with' the wFholeor the Fixturest and Fittings-up; MAESSRS. BARlTOLN and SON wlll SELL by iLAiOTION. upon) the Premmasi, on Monday, September 21, at 12, lbs AGREEIIENT fosr a LEASE, with pisoeesalon, for 21 years, of the TOWER SHADES, the corner of Tower-hill and Gre%t Tje'er' street, witlh T.1s attached. a first-rate sI5uation, and held. at lbs moderate rent of LIOd per annum. Itialuded in the purchaso will he the 'holeI of the valuable lixtirms and fiht-lng-np. Mlay he viewed, and particulars had os i be premilses; ansi 01 the auctioneers 7, Chielteoham. place, Weatminster-road. On Vsw.-6.rl isa~~, riatsss,-Hou,ebald Furnture, it-cs Chn.Class, Wins., 'nd Erfects. '!ESSIIS. TI LOPE will SELL by AUCTION, Alt on the premises, 23. Lverns-A-ixrrace . Havowater, To-imor-ow 6eptcb,er 17. a' 12 forl1, tI e rasidern and weVli-nannfactuired HOUTSE HOLDFtRN ITUYE and EFF:=TS, compriislag mahogany, Arabian and other bedstated. ex-lellen. baiding,tmahocan;, toilet table and glse,marble-top wa-.hst9n-l a,,d fittings, mahogany winged ward. roe ith rlate g.s Ix'zPn6lq, che-sts 0f drserser and chamber requIsites, watunt and roczewooc. drawing romn furniture, in cheffonlers, tables. Davenpomts, louinging and other chair-, couches, c., with loose chIntz cases, hanudsome hull senI marqueteris card tables3 and cabinets, chimrey gLases audoonsole t,blesiu Fitt feems., apliritof richly cut iglass c1handlellers, suite of v-em-v elera.t eCmintz%ir, indw curtains and git coor nices, kc., mnahogatny pedestal sV' aboar-i, get of extending dinIag tables, dining room ehbsirs In pentcoc,es chairs en sumite, library furznitur , handromo poand nearly extelnmesivurey M andfaotherin car- riefs :l tets. groube viewedt,he unda -edibygth sand alL ioa thoo.beclar lion of tha London and Feeanmin Serpentine COampany. Also the vdauable Flant and Ma-einesy, lbs Stock in Trade, enid the Leise, h,l. BOYES has been instructed by the Official LY.L Liquidator (appx-mrted by the Court of Ch%no'ry ts wind np the above comoany) to SELTL .-F AVOTION, at Garraway-s Coffeehons on Wednefday tio 30th of September, at 12 o'clock. the above valuable PROIPERTY. The premises are extensive, have been built with stone drilug the oa,t four seirs in the most complete and substantlal manner at a cOat of seereal chousand pounds, and contain a noble show room, factory, nsa-sone'and turners shops, polishIng engine and store roomy., smithv, boiler.honsse, large abed, yard, to. Also a desirable P1st or IBt!di- g Land, having a front3ge of 201 feet. The nmachinery ts of tbo hest f,esription end in enceUent worklng conditioa, and wel be sold with the lstee. It consLet of two higb. preroure steam-cngl'es, II turvlrg lathes, expensive sawing framno, Ac. The purchrAer of the leaFe a.nd pla"t wil! have the option of tWeing tbs stoek of EcrDeDtire sgtioe net Stc:-iian marble. consisting ch'ebly of chimney pleces at Penrance and Lnsdon. or either, at a fair valnation. To any party gesirons of emharkhin In this business a most desirable opportunity is heroby offereri ha't tLe I renides, from theIr extent and eligible sitimatton, and fr.ri their pueseesing every modern timprovement, offer unusual advantagea for many other manufacturing purposes. A plan and elevationu mas he seen at tbe auctioneers offices. The premie%s, plant, and stoVc n-ay be viewed on applIcatIon to Mr. Bradbury. on the vr-mlsca. Par-ticlsa may be had there; ot Meesrs Clntten and Ade, solicitors, 4S, ilogh-street. Southwark; of B. Croyadill. Esq., official liqnuidtor, ti. I4asinghsil-street: at the prineIPal hotela at Plymonth aud ronro; at OsarawayU- and at the snctiomner e o Abrcs 33. &ecburel,.lane. Lombard-street. Foenthwark.-Valnable Freehold Waterside Property, land-tax re- deemed, contiguous to London-bldgre, and tImmedlately adjacent .o the city of London. . L. W.LCHER is instructed by tho Executors A ot the late Joreph (lochild, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION funlens previonusr disposd of by private contract, of Which doe not!ie wil ho given.) at the Mart, opposite the Bank. oa Tuesday, the 2lth of September, at 12 o'clock, In one lot, the desirable and Important FREEHOLD WATERSIDE PROPERTY, comprising two sabstnutial brick-bnuilt warehooses, of tbree floors each, with two epacious dwelUing-houses attached thereto, situate and beiag Nos. 2 and 3. Tooley.street. Southwark. having A frontage of 45 feet on the land aidle. and a sPendid river frontsge of 46 feet, by a mean or averaSe depth of 105 feet, with fadlUties for the erection of a wharf platform ! the whole of the estimated value of £1,000 per aunum. The above offers a rare oDportunity of securing Important end spacious freehold premIses adapted for a wharf or any other PurPOse teqvuring a first-class water-aide sItuation, and from the yearlyrteeeiqng value of this desription of pvroperty, maybe oondldered as offerIng unusual facilIiefor obtaining a secure and hIghly ImPsoynglnvast eat, May be vieevd by tikets ealy to he obaIned of hbe aunloneer, and particulars, with conditIonis oi sale, had of 0 Weilborne, Esq., solicItor, I7, Dube-street, Londonbr bdge; at the Alart; ~nd at Mi, Wlhes'seffies, 24, Drke-street, IWda$sgId ?stebiold Investment amly ecurodosind prodneini £03 PMe anum., HlOA. dieseL lIjR. BAILEY will SELL by AUCTION, at Gar. .tvwW',on Tuesday, Sept. 29, at 12, bYdlrection of the enotq~rs of the late Mms. Mary Mield the valusbl JIrEEII0oLD PUSL( HOUSE and WINE AUT, known ft, the Lord Nelson, an,d Dwelling Hlouse and Shop adlolning, situate In front of the high real. Holloway: als throe cottages in the rear, producing a secoce renta! of £13M peranum,to let ons lese, for which a 'premium of £1,250 was paht_ Mlay be viewed by permimlon. of the tenants and p otIulars had at tiacrawaa's, of Goo. Henderson, Esq., solicitor, 22, LradeuanaII.Strez; and at the office of the auctioneer, 27, CnweU-str-,3k FinsbnryIqsare, RC. In Bankrn Icy-Fou Fonol otaes odt 0, 7 R.* BAILEY will SELL by AUOTION, a6t Gar- R rawals, onTuesday, Sept. Its, at 12 O'clock. by order of the Azsignees of Emans Eoare and Co a FREEHOLDT, COT rAGoig, with carden. eticibly situate in front od'he high road Church Tuwme God6stono, Surrey, and three mnall cottages with aiable and tarzA garden on tho ooposite aide of the rsad. in the occse,at'on of Old tenants, May be Tiewed, and particulars of sale obtaitned at the White Hlart Inv, Gc'dctone Of William Beti, Seq., Otficial assignee. 3, Ooteman-atreet-bUdidbngs of Mfesss. Dlmmnosk an4 Burbey, solicit,rs. 2, Suffolk.tane, Cannon-street: at flarraway's, and at~ the offiess of the anctIoneer. 22, Chiewell-atreet, Flnebury-square RU, of he ighateandHampetead Hills, held by asparate lessee f-yr long trms atmoderte ined-rents, w SELL bK AUCTIoN at es ep. 5,t. 29. at 1 in 10 loin. ongnirtleg of THREEcapial mdernbuil HUSES,4 with foreoourtg and large garensinthoror, isiralysituate, beng Nos. 5, 7, and 8, Carlonroad,Tufell-pak W st;, genteel Residenece, No. 12, rorriauogrore; twoconenentesdeces, Non. 26 and 27. Welhton-i"ro,s and fOur excelentHoues,Io., 2, 8 and 9. Lelghton-villas, Talbo-r.A 3(etlh-twe al i fistrate situations, goed repair, and re3pectab tenanted. na e viewed by leave of the respectivo teonnte. and partimcurseof sale had at Garvaway'g; of Miesnrs. Divnmock -nd BuLrbey, solIcitors. 2, Soffolk-lane, Caneon-etroet: and at the oflicee of the auctioneer, 27, Chiswell.etroet. Finsbury.osqusr, E C. Freebeld Ground Rent of £5 per annum, with the vaisable rererai., of a rack rent ot £.200 per annum at the end of 181 yearn Land-tix rtdeemed. ryB. BAILEY will SELL byZ AUCTI ON, sat Garrrae way's, 0a Tuesday, Sept. 29. at I by direction of the Tru:tees ofthe late Joseph Mill% s,q., a secure FREJIHOLD GROUNDb REN'T of £50 per annum, arising out of 14 house3 in Gr-snfield.streot andChalesplce.a eortditano fom heCommsect.cl1road E.'t, nearWhi-ceape. lt o lese or n uexpredterm of ll rears, from Septmbe 29 287. ay e vewe thee aysprecediag the sale by peemseln o th teaats Paticlar ma behad at Garramay'- : of M.H wimmoes, ouTesda, Surtember o 7. rat 12.iey tretioo Whiecapelg of GEorge, Henderan, Eo., slctoer. 22bl LedWHARFsreewn an Triknity y-aia Wharf, naLlole ofieria GDok.unth rf oS. Mary,Rotbrhith a leteofthcrhnth dIom anditi heeo wuidigs theJjra.ryo waILeY uwnely L byete aUt ION vey iat Gara-l Aessigees o EaDelns, hoaer-;ile oabhog, and Co, hivlabe tRF ng-ownyX the whole oocencylegafrontage to theriver Thames of 222ft. anda-leDtil of 12 ft., beld upon lease for a terso of 63 years frmi the 20th of September. 1856, at a. very lowr rent. May be viewed, and partimilare of sale had of William Bell Paq., official aevignee. 3, Coleman-street. buildings; of M6essrs Dmmnonciand Biurbey, solicitors, 1.1iilufnllc-Isne, usmnno-rtreet ; of Messrs Symnes Teesdale,~ and Co., solicitors, Fen. chsorch.crtreet ; at Gacraway's, and at the aucttonnen seduces, 27, ChIn. well-street. Flnebwsy-equare. RU. 1jR. R. E. T NEwilSLL by AUCTION, LY a th at HSDY et ba 12 for 1, THREE PREERODHUE,bigNn.23 n ,Crv passage, Caurch-stm:tt sake.- urner 14 no-Ies iglnrst-e, - MIJrRB. E. TURE il EL by AUCTION at LT.the Mtart, TIlSDY,Speme 6 at I for 2, by order oflthe Esxecutors, 309 NEICB n thrBOS opiig Qnalu'e Anatomy, Cycl ol fMdcn,fhkuers~as n umerous medical end thrwrs-as aCseo Amutig Instruments, a caseo ibtm it aeofCteesadohreria hintrusrenitsl aeo i oe nle.M,Tre,1,Atn place, Kinmlu-od To Wins ecat,Gnlmn n tes 0j. . FURER lSELbAUTO,t Soo,17, at 12 for 3,TOHGHAOe ieSER, e xnnjn from Cadi, now lyin intevulso ah LondnDcs see tasted, and particlrtobotandath auctio lie saoe In the Court ot Commo les tenE.J. SctadJh ose plainif,sdG.. Bennett dlefedn pvRC.URVI wiL SELL by AUCTION, at m i fies, in Waac-oAGry's-Ion. To-morrow lI'hnredayl, at 12 for 1, the CHAT5 BITI IET of the above defendant In the LEASEHrOLDH HOS n REIE,35 Jry-te t.~ Jarmes's which are heda en f£1per anm atclr to bo hsa at the auction oim saoe IIIrESSRS.DEW acX M ATHEW areInstructed andTomere inaditontotheabvssoseverymspe rio ewFUR. NITUE; euilaing f wanut nd Sniabmaogany couches a- d sectes,covredle lot, mrol wabntndsand fittings, an., rmsanu facure exreslyforInia,andwhch illnoSold without r-osvev to creradvnce. O viw tis ay nd ornngs of tale.-Amotl n Two Days lil rMdr Frlus irayadOfc Filtingsr- moved b e i ur n rssam 1Goose. Old Bre3t-atreet. .'ESSR.DW n AHEWS will SELL by Al.1 ACIN at2.Ltl oifeld~, nUPOSIto lFingbA'ry-*0ird,s TRIO DY adT-orw,Spt. 16 and 17. rheoisperior FURVITUBE, Comrsn pnsmaony rowoseod, and oak tablet- fore. posten A rainbdtae,wnd and other wardrobes, pedesatl sideboard, tw aio insb iodwod, marble-top washstand,. cones 'slehn t onsntre hmey anud dressing glass-s, esther beds and bedn,salofa f'ines, books, engravings, dinnes, dessert, an to0eries 1r3sl and otherr carpets, nearly scm bynifa.pr phieton, chse and harness, Catalogueis to be heel of J,(. oto,seq 6 Bodses.ulig of R. ec'Kham,Rsq., 4.ioiat.n:ana oF'the anctione ,12, B is ovsg;te without. Sprier Villa, Sprinq-ger ne, rIleeorti R`a-israySta-ion. WjITESSRS. KlI G andi SON aro instructed by the -TlPr3prictir.wh lo ta proceeding to Canada, to offer for SA:LE by AUCTION, on the Premises as a1ir, e. n Thurslay, September `4. -t 11 o'clo..k, all the modernband velel-maunmfactured FITRNMTIRu: comprising mahogany four-poet and iron bedsiteads, genre bo4ther beds, wontland hair mattressesand bedding, lineu, hands-use winged wart robee, chbts of drawers, ahbogany marble-topw'ashtatedg and St tinge, and the umsua dressing room requisites; drawing and shnin, room suites of rorewnod and rahogsany, leo. card, and omcaional tables, sideboard, boiikceses clieffosriers with marble top s sat of chaIre, conches, recliniug and occasional ehairs, rela of damask cur. to.in, r,ssseba carpets, chimney. cbevil. pier, and dressing gias e, Tcanton clock-, china aud Bisque China figures and Chines valees. tr' venAder, Pa brilliantltoned 61-octave semi-cabinet piantoforte in rosswyyl case, by Colisrd, double-action liarp by Erard, a silrer roritet-2-pislon mus-ic stool and cabinet, and a few dozors of c-ioce oldt wis,e: hall rhairs, hat and numbrella ostands, shower bath, kitchen requisites. a-d, arion. effects, Cat.alogues may ba had on the premtoea. ned at the educie of Mes"r. King and Son, auctioneers laeil, end estate agents, Brentford, decreemadt~ebitne the above causol.-l)esimrablereodadTte free Estatee, situateIn the paiaies of Ltl EAtildetnan r ieughoeonigh. inthe county of orth.ampton,3theproperty of the In'e Rev. T. Sind,rsen. ESSRS3. KING andl SON are instructed to SELL by AUT3Cr0N, with the aprobation of Vrice-Chancellor Sir Will amn'iP.gAWood, atthe White Hartlontel,Thrauston,Northa1mD. toiseh'rs, bne1,Tresday, Oct-.l'er 6I, at 4 o'clunk, In eight lots. comprisin,g a FREEEIOLD FARM H-Ot51Easud PREMlSE-. vwith 225a tr 21.o, of arable, pi,true.e and mneadow lsand 'situate in the parvish of Litte Addinston, now In the ocesration of Thomas Paahler, A cGoe of ramble land, coutNinin.1l5a. Ir. Op., in the parish of Little Addington. parish of Irthltlngborosch, in the occupation of Mr. Brawn. A.el-i.e of pasture land, si'uate In Little Xldiogton. adjoioing the beforementioned property, onusisting of tho site of the old tnuaniso, w th farm. homnesetad. and orcliard. containing Ea. Ir. ?Sp.. in the on u- pa.lon of Mdr. Thomas Chenesr. A close of pasture lAd, containmgti,g 0c, 2f. p., in the occupation of John Perkire-,s also a plantationn ajirioig, containing IM, lr. gp.. beth in the parish o' Li'tle Addingtou, A close of rnasture land. situiate in Little A-lidington bois, containing In Ir. l3p., In the occunDation of the Rer. .t. adl. A -ttlage, garden,_yArd, and bulleines, situate in Li,tle N-idirigtou village, ina the occupation of ViIlam Hudson. Two rottag- end appurteunanes a4joining, in the necupamien of George Tyler sr-d lisiruel Mlanning ; and at college and Its aenrustenance;, situate int Litlls Addiegt3n parish, late In the roclpstilon of William G,,e n. The abovo prosperty is freehold And tithe-frees, and is adrastsgeoluly situlate rinree miles from tbo excellent market town of -Thropsson. Itills bunded ty the navigahle river None,aend isin c.sprorimity to a raIlway statiozn on the Itlissortih and leterboro,twh branch of tIe London anid North-Western Hallway, It aboun.s Rwith limestone, and offers us unusnal opporItunity either for Investmntss. or occupatIon. Particuiars mayv be had of Meeausre,Capron. llr4batit end Co., solicitors btaville-pliso - Messrs. Coverdale and COn.. solicit-rr,. Redford-rw ; NMe3mr&.Lscy and 'Bridges,~ solicitors,Kssg's Anne-yard; Mr. Win Hop1klssom. eolicitor,. Strmford - Mes,srs. Woodbnnirie anid ilcu solicitors. Uxbrl.lge ; Messr'. Etwaria Fishr and gion, land azer.te, Market Harboroneh; and at the ofBice of Merers, Kin. an-I 8on, auctioncers land said e-tAte acntus, &n., Breetford, laiddlesex, and 4 Carlton-strs'e. Pal-mall. London. the aek.-il Mr Pt.FURER, t te Dolphin Klinel, Hi,1,- stret, u Wdneday Setemer 3. t 3in the sfterncon (auneeS pr hoe eomA dn Peies facing the Dockg, A and near the riw, oeisceXtennive oflfes nodi tira baardsoms shops With plt-Ie rss h fie r nthe once uation of Messrs. Crone an o,o h uoenadAmenrlant .ie-a.u ShipplogComapany: one shop Is ithocuton of %1r. Partlett, clhymuit; the other shop in the oenupation of Mr. Kiillar. ortit.tar, formoing one buIlding iof commanding elevation. harier a frontage of 34 ft. The property Is all let on lease to highly re3pscts%hio tenants. The situ3tatn to the very best in this increasing uelgh'yis-- hood. san there is erery- reasonable prospect of this property doubli'-g itself in values by the time theo'rcsont leases expire. The propemtv is letasehold, underlties corporation of Souzthampton, at a groutud rent. For fuirther psetticularsaia,ply to Charles Deocon, Resq . solicitor. S . theleptoen; Daniel Keans, E-uI.. solicitor-. 25, Liuooeins-inn-tSelas Losudon : anZ tlithe auctioneer, 22. Atove Bar. SonthamPton. hiegentle-p-ak.-Efeanut modern Honsehlcd Fusmr,two Pia ,r fortes. Harmontniu,, Barrel 'rrate, Plate and Plated Goode, Prints end Engravings, and an Astorrnomicat Telescope. i% ESSRS. W. KING and Co. will SELL by AUCAIYL TIO'T. on the Prermivee, 4. St. Rdmond's-terraeo. It-p-ie.t park, on Tuesdar, September -22. and fofloring day, at 12 o'clock psrec!sely, by ruler of the Proprietor, wrho is leaving town, the leg ~ml raisdern HouSEH(ILD FURIIIITURE3,eome,ising a double drasd ig room osutte, in rosesood and w.lnut, of chair es,oy chelrra. coiu:ho, eheffonlere. Ion and other tables,, elegant chimney aned conm!o le 1 rss in carved andI gill framnes, two full-compess cottage pianofortes, fiarunoiium, Dres,den aud other chiunaornazoents, broncos, Sn,; the diningroom suite In mahog-any, comprising extendling dintug tables. pedest,l sideboards, chairs, stay ca-irs, honicase, large BrusseIs, velvet pite,, and othier carpets: the superior chamber firrntturslcoliiists of Anemias, frou, and other bidstoaids, winged wardrobe with plate-glass door, cheval and toilet gla.ssos, marble-top)wash-stands and decosing tablce-, aad the usial chamber furniture; a few fine rinte and engravings, Jixpemete ad llaciues.-Frd nd NtkhuseFarms. Lingleold, Surey,ditan aoutfor mlesfrm echofheRailway Stistimos RU, c. SivliTH begs respectfuUy to announce that ho Lvi. Is favouroe with in-trctlCno3 from tbs Proprietor. J. Ro.^Ihe, Van., who hbas let tbo farms, and relinquishing agricultural pnr ults, to 8FLiL byATlOCTrN, upon tbo Premises, on Friday next, the 1th of iecitesober, at 12 rpuctually, on amount of the value an- number of IO, the v,bole ot th6 truly VAlisale LIVE FARMING STOCK. Implments, e o., necersory for tbo cultivation ot upwards ot 410 ares of land, onmpri4ing 70 heaa of neat stock of the sbort-horn. Yore, an-I other breed, 10 Inue milch rowr, several wiih calves by their sides, t'ree bhraensforward ineaoditlon, threefine threo yearsoll York steers 23 tioe-Years old Stoers and heifer.. 14 Yearling steers, and 10 weaned calves, rosen very superior young cort horses, five of them from tour to eigbt year old, a two-years old c3rt cIt, yearling ditto, a very promisIng two-years old entire cart colt 34 Kent ewes and laimb, one mow, and one Ioar hog, all the valuable implements and machinerr, is. cuing four strong waggone, five manure carts, nino harroews, hop vmggon, seven youn smd other ploughs, Iron roller. clod crusher. chaf ens winEDow;ing machines, mowving Dnochise, turnip cutters. 15 tr.ane d qeiler harnesses, four pair piloughharness, ladders, wheelbarrowr. elate and lead wrater csterns, end numnerous small articles. A capital hard four 'sill, a swing machine wori by four men, 17 domen aiatleSs, cedar press, Iron troughs,Ac. Mray beviewed on the day procedibg and morning of sle, and catalogues hasl on Tuesday preanding the sale, at Iso inns in the locality; end at the office of the autior,eer, H:oot Ortstead, A Moiety of end In important Freehold Relates, it, Iausoonger. Isss, ned 17, Gresbamn-treet, tbe George ard Gate Tavern, Grac-ch- street, 2-2, Budge-row, Cannon-street, and a Rent Cbarge ot £t912,h 4d. per annum. If ESSRS. COOTE innd SON wil SELL bv AUO. .LT TION, at the Mart, OPposIto t.0 Bank of EnglanndTHIS DAY, tte 16th September, at 12 oclock, In four lots, comprislng lot 1. A IiOETY of and in a hi-hly valuable YREESHOUD BUSENIStu PREMISE L and RESI DENCE, i tinate and being No. 22, Budge-row, Cannon-street, in the oogctpatri of Mr. Henry Oook. at the very low anneal rental of £66. LtS 2. A h,oiety of and in an important and highly valuablo Frehe nd Business Premises mld OffIe, situate and heing No. 14, Ironuronger-lano, and No. 17, Gresbam-street, being a corner hous.with extenstre fr,tags, Ituate Immediately oposto the Court of Bankrupton, au, in the coso victnity ot the GitlUdhal, now unrder leaso to Jshui P3alk Griffn, Eeq., for a term of 21 years, froiu Sept. 29, 1815, at the trero ground rent of £105 per aunnuL Lot . A, Moiety of and In that highly imnprtant Freehold Property genxri o s the George and Sats Tavern or Pubticbouse, Graeechturch-street, cowmranding one of tho best ltuatl.- ns for trade In the city, now under lease to Thomas Butts Aveling, Eq., for a term of 31 years from Christmas, 2830, at the abnoat nominlrent d :6120 per annum. Lot 4. A Mtoiety d and in a Rent Charge of £19 13a. d. per nnunm, weti secred, and assleg rrom the farm railed EathuryFahxrm, Bankinue Raer. The property mavy be niwo by pemmielBon of the reepctise tenant., and pacllculacs ansd conditions obtained rat the Mart * Iseene Barnes sand .Netk. rolleteoes, North-hill, Colhevlser- andi ot Messrs Cooto 9nd Sion, 8, Gra;fiton.stg.eet lltt2oysqtraxe tiVt.ham Eaex; sand BIook-teel, Ipsi-cls, (cerkenwell.-Ths valuable Stock of a Tlmbhw Woolijri R. LEBREW will SEEJIJ by AUCTION, on-thd Prms, olu-genloe doiigte ie?TreeTarerts, On I cu`deals`w', aOdb1!ternz, 1f.oOeoaw Ldjodsy,atd hlICtor Ie anhd batb6o frando thexauctionter, faot2 y adngaatet, aosedsc, h Thetn.iebtowi,,n. bH1ggt_taLnfh LerOepawbold or Inethevaue-Hof te&O ad iir RLERE II ELL by Au CTION,"at thee .LVI Mart, on Thursday, Oct.ber1 at 12, i threeaualots LTWORe woubuil Eeal-etabedV1LIS, esibIFsitarcnte n-OL 7eand , helcus rotiated 'a elue af t£42 proannm.eMa bone,o 'ie dogpel Oakdgro-o bnic.wrehd, ond Thurticularsu ha&te6=0lttorgEat ndr"`a-`oame` th Mrt adin of thstaee tIon m ast lndtoo.s aed ofHtheatuadrear, 1;mentt,Eh-tw,nearth HghoSttin f NorrhLagondon al- RB. LEREW L SbLby UC UO,CTIthe MTttehuartd Otbr!t u2l Thureedloy, ToWO well baIt 1,tvreml-detlalch lS,dirbyitae20 7Do Hodw, CircST road a39o a wlel-eqltsxroe os,N ,(aplOkgae Ebo iewehd, and pattuas aet h rS niOHOh acIoer atedegtoe suirdbtflamp; 2,a~ l4ninpstead-terac, S. Pncrs, MiYi Mart.th ToMaortw Bataomew-l.atI iy Chrd coe piat 2 eealvlal L URlon R(aHAS,ESRONLD 2 23I~O,'Kn~ 10, 17.o 12, 19.22 rand.22 IWergtngtaL.elreSt. NWO,1 i&vr -era fhr od,direct rmteDk - Bdoo o le, at modatedcrateent.gTo d renablts. nautv bewedw o b22prmadsionrfte eat, u milna behvewtyed. a;.t the ari;ha of the Marid Huhs soIio,1 rsa soictoreet, P%ulId I1htree; and fMr ler act'oee, Crdnitnera ihuemTowe{.r IdI tneratrethe oEsto STaeetion. trt ~~~M'T'~LesehldBsteres.....e mes,wn. Rh B. NEWBON will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mpi Mart To-morro.w, Septe.n17r.7a1, in threen lotge, the THcEEN eapilIit iLEA.ilElOrD HOUSIENOE NaL3 42.5,2,, and 5 Catheldstsreet,, Gowelor road. holdutn fear Stye. Mattew'sr Chuch & el& fgr ound rernt aTh proerate grond ren ts ca)two areoletpto ing ly s heAt.a a~c oz.Myb viewed. artitaularseard at the Mr;o .K egtnn o, soiio.S,iaigall-straed ant ct he cuctineer's oflific8 huc-ow per, 0,n Isi.imay.pse,SlF ewuin M R B. NEWBlON Will SEL by AUCTION, ot the P.ZMrt. io.s.-rIt, GiSnept. 27. latl1, In foun ThIot,the FOU walt builth LhOe OfiItIe HOUSES, Nec 2, 10,12, a lZand Egroe, antid momipgof nuerSt Caual'zes Churh athel suot9o yearnat onflo £ eauch grounwrs. Thep situoatsingon.Isoveryitesty andbocheap tmoetuaca at]h Mar; o W.14movnov.esq soliio 87 Grsngtn-equaye. a R t h aanod-reOfce,8 hu~hrw CLpiEAVIEet waingtSnL llr.NWONmSL yAUCTION, at thePr =sAcinRom nW SepJ. M ar 2 xelt Tomrrw R3pON~h 17,STAtD2,I lotd thEDDING.E ROMelonstreet, G ell-erlot; hedfr lien yearse andexpaldredm atamtalesa, cbran d rent. Th xproperty Ip let wttaitgaeol proompt%pan wekf teants,m ats 9d each houe.fecMayT be vTiewed aticuar had at the IsOart and tter. aufctioneeppr's Orces,r8eOh..r.-row,Upper-dreet, ~_lbee lAtrcte s lnthePropnietore ando Egffeet ghisr,lem 1U.NWBNwl SELL by AUCTION, on the PAte nTedy etme 3 aLLd Prem.)i.es dA.;t, lhon-fora1reciselyuto onc Tuday, SepoDtt2o atb nub2.o lt the wholeeoof tHOSHOe eFeet modtTIter aURd NITURft. libraryeu the usual atil of vlms furol-toredO pviewothe dby peeoedlngd and mira iug rof sae Cat~abloreffe ahacts.L.ge ion eer'sowarces. 8,X aplieitinut h ulnes, St .,r.s-oc p'0 re BeStrotad anHeddit,Lien M Ers 8rni-. inE n CLanE Drisde China. R.GRHMw ELby AUCTION, ath yaAieAconBm,on Prhde Se.M1a Proiseson excellenayO SpebeDrTEAD and 1 BceDDnly tb eooe cndli,n capital lot ofolien, arge aibnd slmal dont ing tabls,n chats, rb,de,e-clog tla.,et crarpes,ug aotieg, icoo ricm Utabe.t felets. andt benc-gI, nd vabiousetglDet. ortbe 'iwedk thbes day befre, and monn ca;f sale, ,Iand wcntalcuestro -er bedh patte glace ofbale, hand abe the r daucion. ea romfics,upperus loungerstret cha and Widsr hasItelor. 'a -.sla iver tsbies. nelarot,thdeboardowSain c thed walutMEeRdobeSi, e SwardEob- nhoand SAubMME rSn hane otberec idstrucftdbyther brorids (who bdisz chancingto binrsidence tevo IesL b AUCTION 0apt n r0- n the ress,n uesay, kScep tonssbr an flltbrwIth da, matl tofor oIIchpieey wieah day,o be voewe of th 14,number ofpe lo t. h shal orin offte ecelentmdr Fsao1 U Nthere, Mandsom RIMofIthe and otcrar forig chin-tr.t ricly cdit.g,coo apo~ hurto tth 14tlnere r Ciebrtpeli atirfod lnii-erts.. Funiur, e.ni-jotark Piaetnf ortar, Id and Dresen Cina FlcS, rneS, DaICandONdarnderCbies D NOilPinTins andl TIA Id GAHM il SLLb 1Ltj'%.ubTuQsnAUCtIOQ , ouHen th ill Pemlds, on, t-ed .ay,12epwetbout22 ath1pee ly l thce exelegntirFURNFITNIURE.suplid ewitin der-iptmonths Admriwing a veotry hnIatm wadlenutdawn rhome suitgeF, cn rich Urethf velvaet. dinineat~s.VeR ca,binetsnne. Dadsoeser, awor teabe,locrdcd o ass. paltal edrttcwalnut hewtlonier. with pa tewoas hack,. lhurdsome tots Cf Odraro r,oam crtdain, 0vlounges fchairs, and easy chairs, cheal nd el t laces,Elkngon' elctr-pateciner' patndtdesser servces llrsssls crpes an ru',vedeteduuaktchenw ptrilor n-les; n-Ici he uctonee. I, Ar-sree,MPesarsl.Dikoan wteleoh eatrac Ph.to.Fxoellaad etett luebSSd DtCrSO HUd DAVNPO ts,iof REL. bT T.UtIIAN FOX h preIse nEar thbyoo' AOIfONl Am onr.Tsesy,5-iay--sher 3.at , wi"Thoutsdthepsigtestere22 e, the e24ellat 12nniach d&y.NhITUhol of the FUsNIual decto.e A drawing rboo rsuiteIn -Osd blute sIlk dar ..rsk.n auetnedrth Gi-cctavk Haineh dicin ta:a = -a-dvgs omewdiner dmswr, nd tea srvices brichl-cuta aca.opltre aertile,asfew. clrees Bruissels two watder-toloer drawpret,o Old nL-&.dn.brndgs 1i0noforme of btookst, atoldeyrene d,hi tirseplec, sttsblrri,r dinblegunb roomply, &absnledittouby-posk, and tentpt bophacos. anea rnlyr newm gcartfwithbacera pbent hi andes bar-ned te, adAm.sellacou effcts mayu be Fviewead cthlgesday pror e se:calgehaonthe promieco and of Mr.To& O,EUtOesr,hDicksand esand. favenport3,1eitbte agentsrand auctionees. 2 ukebr,ct, Ih mstco: aOdgarDe decnpton Putowzi n-obuitehrio,s nB- FSS.S 0 anFOXW IT will SELL by AUCTON ay ed t Wednesday ano4l Thursday Seepntember22, 23bt aon 24, tIeac da, te wole2 otc tha. rolelNITaUojt anwtE' oTS fuold therecdene. te lte rs.10.APrbino ear the, Lin'sbak,Hh g Bech ompdernfto arocrwco drawtiflng roomw&te brwiant-otat pite and n~. fsem"- rbind y planoore.b Plodatin tolEcogr dinis ng Iime, dron..arfl. a,. dieleg roomv bchals. rbaoou-ot n wolrnr-e S At.I bXeANg. AaMrba cht ofErawrs and A Cham-, ber furbbeurscha andms glare Oxod-telentkitnenartequisitbes, aotb viewed th dat 1rfort12 aundtmornigo tale, candctaoguern hadRNI thenutpr-neo:and ra Me,oo Tho'n Fox,uctioneer, booneofand estate scbmey-.9, ihorscs-erareet wibioe.adcttg nfrt,wbgn leuta u nCigardo tideod, sPutianof aindgothers, ocs9W 71cr-pSSRS ar eonaybesfd anddH b WHITE w wlSLL byddnAUCi- wi TD' atp-aru ngo-lAcio om,ajiing h zie e-iict Il-re School wapdoo~.rawCernsgo-in, Imhanbeth, en t Thsurenlar. tne- . 17.at ,o o'lasdokstcrrsequ,iasitescwt and fnuered GIG&Rti, inland 2 .oxelonThursMay bavewd morning ofsae andc. ainloinee b-Io thead cl e',10 ricsra,Lmeh I.etrmf ord,Rern urnLur, atbod ne-taetlntlM.ptodwcingr Boom2s p. Stil, Pan-fores.Ch aneygar Panign.nrri~ n RE JON l DXENAN will SELL by AUCTION, '21at thfermt oo,n. T3ie3, Sefp.tremet, nea Lthe i Patheon 00, it Fridaynet.f ath 11 f,xgor 12 eprtnlly,te CapitEAl L moend FUIVE ibTint.lac'lga euiu maponi W LLINGi drawing rooms. I teoomp lyt w-g,Alnut-re -anr,s ewoodbi chairs,ofothes andtable wrsop of evrykid chiuerneCy-. es rand, ycapronei, nd cotetage pinuo1for2lesO,mahogany l2 -ecriAlnd": PoIn ed lardebnods, cniios ofdnn table bds.tbokhes,wt diin fandts slibr,r corhaidtrs,sfas,nd as chltoair, 1cu(rtau,&c,5qAraban frn-ioo Randw tecuery,na bdtead andert hangings wihe bedding c Eam- urs enkgr-rlnzachia,w glam, dom-estic equisites, end nurerouc SaFordfe,ex.-LGrandl Pinoore,rtimst, prodfucingtLIS lb.pe M..nJOH ATM.DEA will SELL by AUCTION, n h £1atteMt.oTedy. Septe mbr& 2 rc ,alter H 9OatSEHOnLDw loRNTs,Rit rout elent of %the Ht-spbrer, a de-rirale oRIIRan HPemand FIVabes su sta3ntiaFsi-r-ch edWteLLIN whOUE Nand drm tabos bookcslyFaqrrm ountc,fiesRai;a. proimdnmask curetaiofs13 itc,e pr annum:, t- 3ci.'bf viratcrnteftseltr,sda 1tho larch. aud5ca 3~uatha grDudterento £1 i,Per and un-t. P.rtculanere and conditinchaof sal.a Fatarnthe Mart; R. FB. CHATTBN will SELL by AUCTION, on yh Tc.mor rowise,. z4 17.etc12rt-r, smalloCELL-R adt Tbo-morow thNE mmPI. epege 6 t doze Portecisely,yall theHoUSleHOL 7 UoznIexUreml ra-el a Mandeiraench1 Clarst ad S,aherand6 drzessng trvablebokcaer, wardroe ch2i ontie- r-s, hars dwam bansk curainso-tthenl reqitsites,f t utru be riawotl onVTh. --n&.' th lto bantud cthre.dsy bado to the sare,p-o, e manou;bd onti rafteaciner,i, Caper-chambottersueine. Putmot,r-aw AbTo Wi ,el Ilerbiouctsuand Daleaton.-Extewt,-.Stock ofpnrlca, uefi R, R.MYERSwrill SELL by AUCTION, bs Morderofa nn. ThatlI Sethembl erLL.atRof chgoiactWfNho e AnIsroglre tSTK;of . Oi-Oihgofat IISne,denehnres-straet, roted?'a.detra 15007o0Cledargettand Serryt 6 dozean err' and paroder 'ared1 euea-tlFren ch'so oginac brandy: aelto the ceiar ttineof thd usulp u iothernI-.. Th wie-may, b o tasted y thmeda prriors to the sae. enCatal1ogues had an the premlxce ; and ofther.R auctoner, 21, GaleFntrnrre Ldelt. Fnico-a Satisuc'-tel, .-btoa-Quae, Daien, -Exrtou.sivdrntbto urnicuo, hsfo, - and,zs oraetlcIia the 1ennn, roprty of; etea evn nlabnd.pt IL E E.RICH S will SELL by AUCTION, Cnacgc a on the Preeesises: 11 Saand oftMrracI,o Mcra,dauctioner- De'lrable Freehold an i Copyhold 'royoriy, Weybridge, Surray.-By Meem, WATERpI: and SON, at the Shlp Inn. Weybridge, oe Tuesday, Sept. 22, at 2, by order of the Erecutors of the late Mr. A Desirable and convenient CopYholdRe%idenco, with Aone attic aud strer room' fix bed roomz, tbree sittUngrooms, and enta:nce hal. large kitchen, wiDe and. beer oellars, and numerous cupb,rt,rds a wood-hboter. deta hed liaundry, large garden well stacked with fruit trees. Also two genteel onnybold cottages, eaoc containing twco s-arIonr, frur ted rooms, kitchen, prntry, aed wash-house, a neat f'ower gard1en iS front, and kitchen garden, with oxellent water, In Ui,e recupatono nf !dis 2eal att others, ,situate near the Obelek, on Wxes bridees-green, ahorit one mile from the railway stati.on. Al60 three well-huit freehold and tithe-free cottages, with largo back and front erl,rd us, well steckel w ith prodS,tctive f,ult tre, also a piers of lad in t}e rear, now nv Fend, makingtogether ba, p. more or less; theoe.tlazesand garderns ere in the severalS occuatiUons oS HaIsne., M ithel end li o,,ae, at varlot, rents, amounting together to fil Is, trer annum1, plesAantly sItuate-sn itbe coms'Mou near the cricetieing grormd, about half a mile frmm le tation. Maly so viewedi by leaxveof the tenans. Fer.rher patUcr,dars and couditiSna of saleo to be had at the neighbur 'eg inns: of TL. (I. (lesrebrook, Fa.q. 'elicitor, Cheriaer, and of Kerrs W aterer and darn. anetl-.neere and e ttat a7enta, Oherrtsey. Surrey. ThIs Evrning, st 6 to tbc lmlnu'e.-Anl'aeeblsce of vrdnable Pro. testy, Chandeliers, Bron.es, SairUwood 8Side Tables, COhisu mansl Stock of Ironmongery, Prints, Litho,;raphic Stones, Househoid poenitura. and Effeerts. M ES81RtS. JONES and BONAM will SElL by Do . tAUOTIO:; at their gre.at Rtooms, IeSo treetr Tanil ENIN mile at fro the miebito, an ceremblsge of MdiSO AthEOent PrthPER t. ia,-Printb in faols frambed and glazed enbravir ionks. lithegearh irstones Wedg iood, Dresden, and other and a.chaz Velters, with cut-elascdiSheas teigh, tw t ,, pa be of mtnsleSet irecian fgures on blac marble pede.AtAs pair o elegant OntIwood sIdetables beutnad. llr Blaodnzwith Sower3 and miusic, smlall strok ^t iroSmoogefr, I ocks, together with a quantity Of fl boese id Furniture and elfesis. The whole now ou view, end catas to b bad AUat the rooms t as ae ove. _A TE W At QVarN sys Coffee house, orhill, on Frid, ,18th S3eptember, aE AZ n'cdnck pr seAly ftor aount of the Importers, rrwo THOUSANI) Loads BaOltlc and Colonial r-.1 Timnber SO 000 PIeceslaltsCullaColenmal Doala, and other ood At Gdr.-SIM CONfead hMuASON, Oomkers, St. Peter's-.Hoy, OprL at ]PW~~~ ~ ~~ 2 _Olc rcsl o con ftem--
